Controversy Is Referred to the Standing Committee
TIDE UNIONISTS STRUGGLE OVER THE CHICAGO FEDERATION
Continued on Page S, Column 6.
Department. Preparing Orders Open
; ing for Commercial Use Plants at '
, Mare Island and Yerba Buena. *
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Orders are
being prepared opening to commercial
business the naval coast wireless tele
graph " stations at: Yerba , Buena, Cal.,
and the Mare Island navy^yard.— >-;*.; .
FLORENCE, Colo., Nov. 17.— Mrs.
Albert Mooney of this city to-day re
ceived word that her father, William
Perkins, better known as "Mocassin
Bill," died on a ranch near; Montrose.
He was about 80 years , of age. He
came to Colorado In I860 as a Govern
ment scout to watch the . movements
of the Indians. He was a famous
bear hunter." _. V... \
NOTED SCOUT DIES.
NAVAL WIRELESS STATION'S
AS AN AID TO COMMERCE
SCHARDT IS NOT HEARD.
ROME, . Nov.* 17— Last September,
when the United States cruiser Balti
more was at Genoa on her way ' back
to the United States from the Far
East, some of her officers, while in a
restaurant were attacked and insulted.
Commander Briggs of the Baltimore re
ported the matter to Washington and
acting on instructions from Secretary
Hay, Embassador Meyer made repre
sentations to the Foreign Office here,
which has now answered, saying that
the thorough inquiry made into the in
cident has demonstrated that the oc
currence was of no importance and
that there was no intention to offend
the United States.
ITALY FINDS INTENTION. -.
TO OFFEND WAS LACKING
The entire north end of the city, was
deluged with sparks, some dropping on
Washington street and numerous small
fires resulted. At midnight the shed
was still burning, but the fire, was un
der control: The I loss Is estimated -at
«00,OQO,"of which $500,000 Is on freight. -
BOSTON; = Nov. 17.— The London pier
and shed of the Warren line in Charles
town filled. with oil and other, highly In
flammable naaterial was' completely de
stroyed by fire to-night and" it was only
by the utmost exertion that the fire
men were able to save adjoining prop
erty. The big Hoosac tunnel grain ele'
vator and the White Star llne ; pier and
a number of vessels narrowly escaped
destruction- -
Loss of $600,000 Caused, by. Fire on
the Water Front of
Charlestown.
FIERCE FLAMES DESTROY
PIER AND TONS OF FREIGHT
Denies in Detail All of the Charges
Made Against Him by Mrs.
Hacifin. ;-' ;
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 17.— The de
fense of Millionaire Bradbury was re
sumed to-day in, the Superior Court.
The greater part of the day was con
sumed in the examination of -witnesses
as to Mrs.-Hanifin's reputation.
Bradbury then took the stand and
denied In detail every charge made by
Mrs. Hanifln. His cross-examination
had not been finished when the hour of
adjourning arrived.
3IILXJOXA1RE BRADBURY
TAKES WITNESS STAND
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Presi
dent has disapproved the recommenda
tion of the army retiring board for
the retirement of Major Aaron Appel
of the Medical Department on account
of disability Incident to service.
Major Appel I? now under treatment
at the General Hospital at, San Fran
cisco. The President's refusal was
based on alleged irregularities in the
proceedings of the examining board.
This case has been pending before the
War Department for a long time.-
Tho President has approved the find
ings In the case of Second Lieutenant
John McK. Pruyn, Fourteenth In
fantry, who was tried and convicted on
several counts of conduct unbecoming
an officer and sentenced to dismissal. I
President Disapproves the Recom
mendation of the Retiring
Board.
MAJOR APPEL NOT TO BE
DROPPED FROM SERVICE
The money medium will continue to
be the present silver dollar, with its
weight and fineness unchanged, but its
gold value will be recommended at the
eculvalent of 75 centigrams of the yel
low metal, putting It on a level with
the United States half-dollar in value.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 17.— President
Diaz, after listening to the opinions of
rnembers of his Cabinet council held
to-night, approved the plan of Finance
Minister Limantour for monetary re
form and ordered that a bill be sent
to Congress. The bill does not look to
the direct accomplishment of monetary
reform, but authorizes the executive to
carry out the reform In due time and
subject to conditions fixed in the bill.
President of Mexico Approves Plan
for Change in Country's System
of Coinage.
MONETARY REFORM BELL
IS FAVORED BY DIAZ
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— According
to the first unofficial list of members
of the next House of Representatives,
prepared by Herman . Phillips of Chi
cago, clerk of the House, and John R.
Williams, file clerk, the Republicans
.will have a majority of. 116" in the
Fifty-ninth Congress, which j Is higher
than any other unofficial estimate yet
reported. \
The list was received to-day and on
the basis of all returns which have
been sent to the clerk the Republican
membership will be 251, to 135 Demo
crats. It is possible further .returns
may reduce the Republican majority
by two-
The gains recorded as. having been
made were as follows: California, 3;
Delaware, 1; Illinois, .6; .Indiana, 2;
Iowa, 1; Kentucky, 1;. Massachusetts,
1; Michigan,. 1; Minnesota, 1; Missouri,
8; Nebraska, 1; Nevada, 1; New Jersey,
2: New York, 6; North Carolina, 1;
Ohio. 3; Pennsylvania, 2; total, 41.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 17. — A dynamite plot
with a raid on the jewelry exhibit at
the World's Fair as its object Is be
lieved to have teen thwarted' to-day.
Two sticks of dynamite with fuses at
tached were found at the north en
trance of the Varied Industries build
ing.
It is believed the plan was to draw
a " big crowd by the explosion and to
commit the robbery during v the excite
ment.
The finding of the dynamite created
intense excitement in the building. A
thorough investigation is under way.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
Raid on Jewelry Ex
hibit at the Fair
Prevented,
Late Returns Add
to Republican
Majority.
About a year and a half ago Congress
appropriated about $1,600,000 to reim
burse the State of Massachusetts for
expenses incurred in fitting out troops
during the Civil War, including Inter
est and premium on gold paid by the
State. Previously the State authorities
had entered into a contract with a
Washington lawyer to act a3 State agent
in looking after the claim, and agreed
to allow him 10 per cent of the amount
received. The attorney holds the war
rant and refuses to turn it over to the
State until his fee of 5160,000 is paid.
The State contends that the fee Is
grossly excessive and makes other alle
gations tending to show that the attor
ney is not entitled to the fee claimed.
The Attorney General holds that he
warrant belongs to the State and that
the attorney has recourse to the courts
to establish his rights in the matter.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Attor
ney General to-day rendered an opinion
in which he holds that a treasury war
rant issued in favor of the State of
Massachusetts and now held by a local
attorney here under power of attorney
on the plea that his fee has not been
paid must be turned over to the State,
and that, should the attorney refuse to
do so, the warrant will be canceled and
a new warrant issued to the State.
Refuses to Surrender Will Be
Canceled.
Federal Treasury Warrant Which He
MWTER FAILS TO HOLD UP
STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS
General Huertas, the Minister of
War, has announced his intention to re
sign, which will clear the political at
mosphere. Though disturbances are
not feared in the present circumstance,
Panama is greatly excited.
PANAMA, Nov. IT.— The treaty be
tween the United States and Panama
has prevented one more revolution on
the isthmus. The rumored coup d'etat
by the military element, it seems,
was more serious than it was at first
believed to be. Minister Barrett, after
a consultation with the Panama Gov
ernment and General Davis, the com
mander of the canal zone, decided to
ask Admiral Goodrich to leave one ot
the warships of the United States Pa
cific squadron here to prevent any pos
sible disturbance. This morning 200
marines from Empire Camp arrived
here.
Attempted Coup d'Etat in Panama
More Serious Than Reported.
AMERICAN* WARSHIP .VEEDED.
ROBBERS'
DYNAMITE
PLOT FAILS
Mr. Mangan had not a word to say
about florists on the floor of the con
vention yesterday, but spoke as a gas
fitter. -
The Chicago Federation had several
speakers; who were masesd in a. bunch
at the lower end of. the convention hall.
They arose in turn. It was no sur
prise that John Mangan. who was ad
mitted as a florist delegate on the
preceding day. was the longest and the
strongest speaker in the matter of
massing of facts and statements that
the Chlcagoans put forward to justify
themselves in their disobedience of the
command of tha executive council . of
the American Federation to withdraw
their recognition f^om two Chicago
bodies that are not affiliated with the
American Federation.
. The net result of the proceedings of
yesterday would seem to be a drawn
battle, or. at least an armistice, with
the advantage somewhat in favor of
the Chicago Federation In the points at
issue as against the executive council.
As was foreshadowed by the admis
sion of John Jlangan as a delegate to
the convention of the American
Federation of .Labor against the votes
of the leaders of the federation "Wed
nesday, the executive council of the
federation failed to finally exclude the
Chicasro Federation of Labor ye3terday.
Schardt seeks admission as a repre
sentative of the Chicago Federation.
The executive council caused . the
charter of the Chicago Federation to [
be taken away recently for non-com- {
I>liance with the laws of the American !
Federation. A battle raged all the
afternoon along the firing: line of the
convention yesterday. At the end. on (
the motion of Treasurer Lennon, a f
member of the executive council, the |
report of the credentials committee and
that part of the report of the executive ;
council that refers to the Chicago
Federation matter was referred to the
committee on local and federated
bodies. That committee consists of "W.
B. Wilson, -William J. Gllthorpe. George
K. Smith, William B. Macfarlane, !
.David ; Kreyling. - J. Mahlon Barnes,
Mathew. Canavan, J. W. Morton. P. J.
Downey, Joseph N. Weber and Jere Lw
Sullivan r ',' s -; '¦'.-.
Continued on Pace 2, Column 1.
Several times .while the Chicago
Federation's status was under discus
sion the question of -whether the truth
was told by delegates who spoke was
raised.' Schardt,- the head of the Chi
cago Federation.. not having yet a seat
on the* convention^ floor under- the re
port i of. the committee on -, credentials,
was ; not r heard from as an individual,
but the' fight carried on in . behalf
of the position taken by the Chicasroans
was undoubtedly " largely directed ' by
While Case Is Under Consideration He
Keeps in Background.
Much of the time while the fight over
the Chicago Federation was proceed
ing John Mitchell presided. President
Gompers afterward took the gavel.
Both Mitchell and Gompers were in
clined to give wide latitude to the Chi
cago Federation and permitted its rep
resentatives to speak longer than the
time prescribed under the by-laws.
Gompers remarked that be wanted all
to have a fair show. The fight for
Chicago was made by Delegates Dole.
Fltzpatrick and Mangan principally.
On the other side were lined up Dun
can. Hayes. Spencer, Higgins. J. 'L.
Sullivan and T. J. Duffy. The vote to
make the reference of the whole mat
ter to the committee on local and
federated bodies was close — 95 for and
S3 against.
Some Idea of the vim that was oc
casionally put into the struggle ntay
be gained by reading extracts from
some of the speeches.
Delegate Hayes said in part in sup
port of ttfe position of the executive
council:
Tfca action cf the executive council la right
and this cor.v«r:!or. should stand by that ac
tion aad that may teach the Chicago Fed
eration of Labor and ita delesates a lessoa
tUat th* law must be respected and that tha
mandates of the American Federation o*
Labor, the highest cenrt of labcr ta th« Cniteii
States of America, must be obeyed. I b«Uev«
la positive action, bat I do not stand her*
and say that the Chicago Federation of Labor
¦was wrons In Its criticism of th« executive
council, because tt may some time b* la error.
In many Instances it has been wrong, bat
there must be a parting of tha way soma
tfane, and tt is w»ll to be positive In the mat
ter right now and that the taw laid dowa.
must b# carried cut by every organization,
far what is the u** of passing laws unless
they ar» to be carried oat? A decision by
this convention would have a tendency ta
clarify th* atmosphere in Chicasro if rendered
In tavor ot the executive council, and I tru*t
that the convention will be as decisive upon
the matter a* wag the executive council and
that the law wiU be UDheld.
Delegate Dole said for the Chicasro
Federation in part:
The local onion of pr?ssfeeders .has been
In existance In Chicago ' for the last Rfteea
or sixteen years and it U the only prwafeed-rV
union in existence tn the city of Chicago.
Th* Pres3f'ed*rs' Union desired to raise their
wages, and when the demand was made It
vu refused on the part of the employers.
They struek and laid down their tools ami
ceased to work. What was th- rerott? Ws
find an International offleer of an International
union coining to Chicago and taking the Job
of these striking pressfeeders who struck.
Thetr Job* were taken away by organize!
strike-breakers. Thes« statements are true and
we challenge a denial of them. And If you
him. The members of the executive
council of the American Federation to
ccme forward to censure the 'Chicago
Federation for its position were about
the same body as opposed the seating
of Mangan.
The primary proposition of the Chi
cago Federation as it was developed
oc the convention floor was that a com
mittee should be appointed to go to
Chicasro and there make investigation.
The executive council ot the American
Federation toote- the sround that all
the evidence had been looked into and
that action had been taken in accord
ance with the laws of the American
Federation.
DEMOCRATS
SCARCE IN
THE HOUSE
Mangan Appears on Floor and Combats
Executive Council Stoutly.
SO3IE OF TILE PRINCIPAL ACTORS IN THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR CONVENTION AT LYRIC HALL YESTERDAY.
Hecksher was at once removed to
his home, where the fear was expressed
that he may have concussion of the
brain or a possible fracture of the skull.
Hecksher is the father-in-law of
Mayor George B. McCleilan and Is a
member of many prominent organiza
tions.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— Spectators
were' thrown' into intense excitement
to-night at the horse show in Madison
square Garden when John G- Heck
sher, secretary of the National Horse
Show Association of America, was run
down and trampled upon by a pair of
horses on exhibition in the ring.
Hecksher had started to cross the
ring. He was passing in front of a
team driven by Mrs. Edward R. Ladew
of Glencove, L. I., when one of the
horses lunged forward and struck him.
In an instant he was down and his
head and shoulders were struck several
times by the horses' hoofs. When help
reached him he was almost uncon
scious, his face was cut in several
places and he was bleeding profusely.
John G. Hecteher's
Injuries May _
Be Fatal. "
TRAMPLED
BY TEAM AT
HORSE SHOW
The principal witness at the after
coon session was Adrian Wills. He de-
Bcribed how he had rushed up to the
August Geigf r, a cousin of Mrs. Web
er, is here from Sacramento to give
euppcrt to the prisoner. Geiger Is ac
companied by his wife and child.
In regard to the statements made by
Sirs. Snowden at the Coroner's inquest
last night. Weber to-day denied that
his mother had ever expressed the
slightest fear of him. He said that
he hn4 always been a loving son to her.
He also denied that he had made any
threat against Mrs. Snowden the morn
ing after the murders.
There was nothing cf special impor
tance elicited during the preliminary
hearing; to-day ether than the testi
mony of Charles Dunhamv who said
that he saw young Weber jump out of
the northeast window on the north side
cf the house on the night of the fire.
He said that one of Weber's hands
¦was covered with blood. This Incident
happened after the three bodies had
been removed from the house.
Dan Heany testified that he was
early en the ground on the night of the
fire, but he did not see young Weber
there.
DID XOT SEE WEBER AT FERE.
F. P. McKirstry, who was one of th»
first to reach the fire, testified that
when he arrived there Mrs. Snowden
•was terribly excited and -.was trying to
break into the house to rescue her
relatives. Finding all the doors and
-window* locked he climbed over a
perch and broke into the front room
upstairs. According to his testimony
the snioke was not heavy, but as he
had co knowledge of the house he slid
down from the balcony and going
around to a side window burst it in and
then passed out a lot of furniture. He
Kays he ran around the house several
times, but did not see Weber.
Miss Addle Mulligan and Miss Ida
Brown, who are employed by the tele
phone company, testified that the tele
phone line which was connected -with
the Weber residence went out of ser
vice at €:SS o'clock on the night of the
tragedy. Some one had called up from
the house and when they responded
there was no answer.
As Weber was leaving the courtroom
at the conclusion of the afternoon ses
sion several of his relatives who had
been sitting with the spectators ad
vanced to meet him. Miss Laura Hess,
a cousin, kissed him and his face be
came radiant. Others in the party
took h'.in. by the hand and gave him
words of hope and cheer.
It sn vbfle Adrian "Wills was on
the witness stand this afternoon eiv
isg testimony at the preliminary hear
ing being conducted by Justice Smith
that Weber gave way to tears. Wills
was relating the story of how he had
found the prisoner in a faintine condi
tion under a magnolia tree in front of
the burning home on the night of the
murders, when Weber suddenly dio
ped the. end of his handkerchief in a
glass of water on a table in front of
him and commenced bathing: his fore
head. He appeared to be suffering 1 in
tense agony and although he fought
hard to keep back the tears that were
welling in his eyes he failed. Slowly
the tears coursed down his cheeks and
he buried his face in his handkerchief.
His frame quivered and not a few of
the spectators expected him to become
hysterical. A few minutes later, how
ever, he slowly raised his head and
glanced around the courtroom in a non
chalant manner. His eves were bright
and burning as if with fever, his
lips were tightly compressed and his
face was cold and ashen lookine. The
v/eak cpell soon passed away and dur
ing the remainder of the session he sat
as cool and collected as if he was the
most disinterested spectator.
RELATIVES WILL HELP HIM.
Confinement in Jail is at last begin
ning to tell on young Weber. He gave
signs of weakness to-daf and for the
first time since the terrible tragedy dis
played emotion. Those who know him
best have been expecting him to col
lapse and that he has held up thus far
shows tLa.t he is possessed of nerves
of iron. "
SHOWS SIGNS OF WEAKNESS.
AUBURX, Nov. 17. — The Coroner's
Jcry in the Weber case, after forty
minutes' deliberation to-night, found
that Julius, Mary and Bertha Weber
came to their deaths from pistol
wounds, and expressed the belief
"that said pistol wounds were in-
Cicted by Adoiph J; Weber and that
the boy Earl Weber came to his death
from wounds inflicted by a blunt in
strument and froin suffocation."
Weber was in his cell on ; the first
f.ocr of the Courthotzse when the jury
returned the verdict and the news was
Quickly conveyed to him by one of the
Sheriffs deputies. The prisoner ap
peared to be prepared for the unwel
come tidings and did not display the
It-ast emotion. When asked by Th»
Call correspondent if he had any stat«?
rr.er.t to make, he replied, "I will have
rcthing to say until after I have read
the testimony taken before the Coro
ner."
It is claimed that Colonel Hecker was
interested in bigr lumber and other con
tracts. He disapproved of what he
called the "red tape methods" of the
commission, and had several clashes
with Admiral Walker.
In conversation with several friends
here, to-day Colonel Hecker said the
'red tape methods" of the commission
were responsible largely for his resig
nation. He asserted that he was a
"man of action" and could not toler
ate the slow procedure adopted by Ad
miral Walker and his other associates
upon the* commission.
It is charged that Colonel Hecker
conducted himself in a manner cal
culated to arouse the suspicion that
business interests were guiding him
largely in the performance of/ his du
ties. Immediately after the commission
reached the conclusion to purchase 1000
damp cars. Colonel Hecker. it was dis
covered, wired to friends in the United
Stages, urging them to work for the
contract. These frienris, it is said, im
mediately began to lobby for the con
tract. Admiral Walker tdok steps to
frustrate the work of the lobby.
Hecker's business methods and the
way he proposed handling the 5X0,000,000
preliminarily appropriated for begin
ning the work have been seriously crit
icized. •
In tendering his resignation, Colonel
Hecker says he is afraid of the climate
of Panama. An investigation of the
facts show that his retirement has been
expected by those close to the President
and Admiral Walker.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The resig
nation of Colonel Frank J. Hecker of
the Isthmian Commission which was
made public to-day was the result of
serious friction in the commission.
Other changes are expected to follow
Secretary Taft's visit to the isthmus,
during- which he will carefully Investi
gate charges and complaints against
other Commissioners. Admiral Walker
hereafter will be the actual as well as
the theoretical head of the commission,
directly subordinate to Secretary Taft.
If General Davis is not removed as
Governor of the canal zone, his powers
will be restricted. Minister Barrett will
be supreme in the negotiations for a
settlement of all disputes with the
Panama Government.
Epeelal Dispatch to Tb« Cil
Special t>lapa.tch to The CalL
Officials Said to Be Looking After
Their Own Interests Too
Closely.
Sires Way to Tears Dnring His Pre
liminary Examination on Charge
of Murdering Mother.
War Secretary's Ioyestiga
tjOQ May Result in
Other Changes.
Prisoner Does Not Appear
to Be Aflected by
the Verdict
Coroner Concludes
His Inquiry Mo
Tragedy.
Resigns When Taf t
Starts for (be
Isthmus.
ALONG* battle in
the convention of
the American Fed
eration of Labor, yester
day, on the question of
seating the Chicago
Federation of Labor
delegates, resulted in an
agreement; by a small
majority, to refer the
matter to the committee
on local and federated
trades. The action of
the executive council of
the American Federa
tion will therefore be
reviewed by the com
mittee which is to con
sider the council's re
port on the withdrawal
of the Chicago charter.
BECKER OUT
OF PANAMA
COMMISSION
WEBER JURY
THINKS SON
IS ASSASSIN
T
THE VTEATHER.
Forecast saad* at Saa Francisco tor
thirty fcocrs endinc mldnljbt JCor«zn
ber IS:
Ean Francisco asd Tieislty — Clouiy
Friday; fre»& wwt "wlnfi.
C. H. WILL6ON.
Jjocml Forecaster.
TteparaxUy In Charg*.
The San Francisco Call.
•I : :
TUB THEATERS.
AI-CAZAR— "The CUmb«rs."
CALIFORNIA— "A Frl«nd of tie Tmm-
CE2TTRAI. — "Winchester."
COLUMBIA— "The County Cfc«InB»a. M
CHUTES— Vaadeville.
FISCHER* S— Vandartll*.
GRAXD— 'Th* Fatal V^editam."
MAJESTIC— "Hearts Aflame.**
ORPHEX.T4 — Vaudeville.
TTV'OLI — "The Messenger Boy."
+
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER IS, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 171.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.Depredating others will not help the
world to appreciate you. "
The meeting of Butchers'. Union No.
115 at Carmen's Hall last night was
unusually well attended. : Word had
gene out that some of the delegates to
the American Federation ' of Labor
convention • would be - present and
make addresses. A full house result
ed. The routine business was soon
disposed of and the floor given over
to visitors.; The value of organization
was the-cfiief topic the co-opera
tive shop was discussed at length, the
speakers declaring it the best weapon
with which to fight thejjpen shop. '
Among.- those who addressed the
meeting. were C. H. Woodman, dele
gate of the International Typographi
cal Union from Fort Worth, Texas; J.
Fitzpatrick, secretary J of the Chicago
Federation of Labor; William Wood,
delegate from, the International Cigar
Makers' Union, and C. E. Schmidt,
first International vice president of the
Meat Cutter^' v and -Butchers' Union. A.
F. Breslin, president of the local
union, ' presided 'and Introduced the
speakers. ¦ . ¦" i-
During the business session It was
reported that the co-operative shop in
Oakland is doing well. The sheep
butchers are still out on strike and the
boycott- has been so effective. that the
demand for mutton and lamb has
fallen - away ; one-half, people using
beef instead. Ten carloads of union
slaughtered meat have recently been
received from Portland and more is
expected.
At the conclusion of the meetirur the
listen to Many Interesting Addres
in Meeting at Carmen's Hall.
BUTCHERS GREET DELEGATES.
This cleared up about all the business
connected directly with the routine of
the convention and there were to come
the two special orders. The first
brought to the front of the stage aa
speakers: William Abraham. M. P
James Wignall and John A: Flett. The
first two are the British delegates to
the convention. Flett represents Cana
da. These three occupied the stage un
til the noon recess. Thp convention
conferred on each a federation badge
and gold watch, and Mrs. Wignall
received a gold pin. The watch pre
sentation was made by Vice President
O'Connell.
The three delegates from abroad
proved to be pleasing speakers. The
two Englishmen are broad of girth and
florid of complexion. The Canadian
delegate is less stout and less buoyant
in manner. The chief interest natur
ally attached to the remarks of Abra
ham, popularly known as "Mabon." He
has been a member of the British Par
liament nineteen years. Wignall was
first introduced. He has a voice that
could be heard above, a gale at sea.
His manner and matter caught the
fancy of the delegates and he was
cheered long and loudly. Abraham
came second and ha had even" mnra
:/¦.¦ :• ¦:¦
Delegate Driscoll got rid of the legis
lative proposition by having 'it referred
back to the committee on resolutions.
President Gompers named as a com
mittee to confer with the Typographical
Union concerning an eight-hour day:
Resin Orr. William J. Eenje, Lee M
Hart, H. J. Wendelken, Thomas Mul
lahey, Richard Braunschweig, Harry
D. Thomas, A. D. Porter, J. J. McDade,
M. J. Sullivan, Henry Bablitz,-C E
Schmidt, D. B. Heron, P. J; Donnelly
and J. J. Glass.
Measure That Provokes Ire Is Buried
In Committee Finally.
POURS OIL OX WATERS.
Portland, Or.i was selected as the
next jneeting place of the congress, on
the first ballot, after two hours of
speech making. Boise, Idaho, was the
only competitor. Boise and Loa An
geles both gave notice that they/would
ask for the convention the following
year. "^
During the day Senator Newlands of
Nevada and William E. Smythe of
California withdrew from the race for
president in favor of Governor Pardee
of California, and his selection, it is
said, will .be' unanimous Friday at the
closing session of the Congress.
The committee on permanent organi
zation to-night recommended that the
following officers be chosen for the en
sulns year. Governor George C. Par
dee of California, for president; Judge
L. M. Shurtliff of Utah, first vice presi
dent; Congressman J. H. Stephens,
second vice president; Hon. E. L.
Smith of Oregon, third vice president.
Friday will be taken* up with.resolu
tions and the big ball at night in the
convention hall will close' the twelfth
national cbngiess.
Texas, New Mexico and Mexico occu
pied the attention of the-delegates to
day with their fi^ht over a dam for
storing, the flood waters of the Rio
Grande. Texas^and Mexico advocated
the construction of a dam at El Paso,
and Government engineers approved
the plan of New Mexico for a dam at
Elephant Butte. The Elephant Butte
site was selected and work probably
willbe commenced soon. The new dam
will serve* to reclaim 190,000 acres of
land In New Mexico, Texas and Mexi
co above and around El Paso.
'. At a reception In Mexico this after
noon addresses were delivered by Gov
ernor Creel and PresidentAlark of the
National Irrigation Assdc^ftion.'
EL PASO, Nov. 17.— The third day of
the National Irrigation Consrress was
marked by the reading of a number of
interesting papers in the various sec
tion meetings In the morning, a re
ception in the afternoon in the sister
city of Juarez, Mexico, by Governor
Enrique Creel of Chihuahua, the wit
nessing of a bull flght in Juarez after
the receDtion, and the selection of the
next meeting place and the adoption
of many important resolutions to-night.
Pardee Will Be Elected to
the Presidency of the Na
tional Irrigation Congress
HONORS AWAIT
THE GOVERNOR
ANOTHER BELLBOY IN TROUBLE.— Ed
ward-Wilson, -a' bellboy at the Hotel Stewart
1101 PU»e street, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday . by - Detectives O'D«a and Mulcahy
on a charge -of graftd . larceny. He is accused
of stealing aNiealskJj*' coat on October 27 from
the room of Mrs. J. R. Ritchie and a diamond
ring and gold watch from the room of Miss
Juna Laplne. The articles were recovered by
the. o£flc*rs and Wilson waa identified as the
person who sold • them.
¦ KI» EGAN IS ACQUITTED.— Joseph Egan
better known as "Kid" Egan, was acquitted
by a Jury in Judge Cook's court yesterday
on a charse of asault. with a deadly weapon.
This was his second trial, the Jury at the
first trial- having disagreed.. Egan wu a prom
inent sympathizer with the striking stable
mtn and it was alleged that on May 15 hi
attacked. -Joel W. Fuller, a non-union st\ble
man.with a pitchforic., near' Golden Gate Park.
LEAPS OUT OF A' WINDOW.— While labor
ing. und«r a hallucination Anton Ramish a
dishwasher .„ employed in the New Adelaide
House, 014 ''Howard -street. Jumped out of a
window of the reading-room at S o'clock yes
terilay morning and was Instantly killed by
gS&S k. ytarS °' d and
ALLFGE COLLECTOR IS DEFAULTER.—
A warrant was issued by Police Judge Fritz
yesterday for the arrest of C. J. Shannon
°" a charse of misdemeanor embezzlement.
The complaint was sworn to by a member ot
the Crawford Outfitting Company, 733 Mission
street, who alleges that Bohannon. whilo acting
as a collector for -the company, embezzled
money to -an extent not yet known.
r( GRAIN EXCHANGE CLOSES.— The Central
Grain and Stock Exchange, which for several
years haa been doing business at 20 Leldes
dorfr street, announced its retirement from
business Wednesday afternoon and the man
agers announced that its patrons would receive
a full payment of claims when presented.
BLOCK GETS FOURTEEN YEARS.— Fred
Block, who was convicted by a Jury in Judge
Cook s court for criminal aisault, appeared for
sentence ?/esteraay. The Judge ordered him
to be confined In San Qneutin for fourteen
years, remarking that crime of that character
was becoming too prevalent and must be
severely punished.
HOODLUM MAKES ASSAULT.— GeorR«
Uempney annoyed some Chinese at Eddy i«nd
Powell streets yesterday afternoon and wh;n
arrested he assaulted Policeman Murphy. For
this he mimt answer before the Police Court.
SPECIAL. POLICEMAN IN TROUBLE.— W.
F. Canham, a special, {wllceman. was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging him with be
trayal under promise of marriage. The com
plaining: witness is Miss Mary Agnes Tibbals,
who lives with her mother, Mr3. Anni« M.
Mallette, 379 Eleventh street •
WILL LECTURE ON "EZEKIEL."—Rab
bi .Nieto will B ive a lecture this evening at
the Synagogue Sherlth Israel. Post and Taylor
streets. He will use for his subject the pro
phet Ezekicl.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
Mrs. M. S. O'Meara, formerly a well
known dressmaker of this city, passed
away at St. Joseph's Hospital on Tues
day morning as the result of an op
eration. She was a native of Minne
sota, but had resided in this city for
many years. She Is survived by a
husband.
DeatU of Mrs. O'Meara.
SALINAS, Nov. 17. — John Wickham
Leigh, well-known throughout the
State and prominent as a Democratic
politician, died suddenly last night at
his home near Soledad,-«ged seventy
eight. Deceased was born in Virginia
and served in the Confederate army.
He was Receiver in the Land Office at
San Francisco during ex-President
Cleveland's first term.
Well-Known Democrat Dies Suddenly.
The affair last evening was one that
gave much enjoyment, the variety of
entertainment supplying pleasure for
all. Hynes' orchestra furnished the
music. The following had charge of
the affair: Patronesses— Mrs. N. M.
Burnside, Mrs. Alice Hunt, Mrs. G. A.
Hubbell,' Mrs. Florence Logan, Mrs. E.
G- L. Hoeber, Mrs. Eva Simons, Miss
Katherine Miller, Dr. B. M. Northing
ton and Mrs. Villa D. Reynolds. Com
mittee of arrangements — Mrs. A.' M.
Eikins, Miss C. I. Tomlinson, Miss
Alice Banner, Miss Lola W. Britt. Miss
Josephine Winegar. Miss Idella M.
Adams and Miss Helen Henderson.
Reception committee — Miss Gertrude
Simmons, Miss Dorothy Rojas, Miss
Edna Loudon, Miss Agnes McGregor
and Miss Helen Entzman. Whist com
mittee — Miss Frances Worth, Miss
Emma Reed, Miss Elizabeth L. Rea
gan and Mrs. M. E. Hillyer.
This club, which is a most worthy
organization, includes women of all
business classes. Saleswomen, steno
graphers, clerks, all derive benefit, for
the club provides a comfortable and
reasonable luncheon place and gives
assistance to those who are out of em
ployment, during the time of seeking
work.
The Business Women's Club cele
brated its second anniversary by
giving a ball and whist party last
evening in Steinway Hall.
Pleasant Whist Party and Dunce
Brins: Together Many Clever
Wage- Earners.
The substance of the resolutions was
that any vessel of more than five tons
burden that fails to carry insurance to
the full value of the vessel .«hall not
be documented; that the Department of
Labor and Commerce should be urced
to publish monthly an account of all
loss of life at sea or in any port from
any cause and of all accidents attend
ing the loading and unloading of all
vessels at ail ports under the jurisdic
tion of the United States Government,
and that the Interstate Commerce
CommiKKion shall also be compelled to
publish the same in the same manner
as the accidents, injuries and loss of
life by railways are now published.
The Department of Labor and Com
merce shall be empowered to appoint an
Inspector to board every vessel and
inspect regarding the health of the
crew and also concerning life saving
and safety appliances. It thall ascer
tain the condition of the Quarters of
the passengers and crew and the extent
to whk-H the vessel may have been
¦overloaded, either as to passengers or
freight, and to make a written report
concerning each vessel; that owners
of vessels shall be held liable for the
safety of all passengers and crew and
lhat the owner or owners of vessels
shall give a bond of $5000 for the safe
Spectacular interest attached to the
proceedings of the convention. Hardly
was the business of the day bezun
H hen a sharp verbal encounter took
place between Delegates Furuseth and
Kett'e of the committee on resolutions.
Alter a dispute resolutions calling for
changes in the laws relative to the mer
chant n;arine were referred back to the
committee. The matter treated in the
resolutions caused Furuseth to protest.
Rising, he eaid that the legislation
that was proposed if adopted "would
put a premium on murder."
Jtquirej by the executive council, in accord
ance with the law. After they do that they
»i:i have reinstated themselves, a.s It were, into
the American Federation of Labor, and then
they can act as a mediator between the local
unions in question and their international or^
gaization.
t ight v before all parties concerned, let it first
¦.Mde by the law of the American Federation
of Labor and Eutpen*! the two local union?, as
ago. Federation of !„.!..• wants to set itsilf
national trc.de. organization than It is to give
pujjp. rt to a local bedy that ia refuting to abide
t.y the rul<-* of that organization and putting
turward projiotitions laid down by Itself. 1
v.ciuid suggest this is a solution. If the Clil-
Delegate Duffy 6aid in part
\\> art: all v.illing to give credit to the Chi
cago Federation of Labor for good work, but,
si* I view the matter, it is more important to
pieserve the unity and autonomy of an inter-
The following e%»lanation of his
Flatus was made by John Mansan. who
was admitted as a florist and gardener:
1 detire to Mate that I think it is proper
that I should n-.ake an explanation' in view of
ail that was said against me yesterday. I
detire to state that I am in the employ of
the city of Chicago. I dfEire to state that 1
am a steamfitter. working for the city of
Crieajjo »f a Cllill man. I desire to say that
I have taien no advantage of any law, but
have confined myself strictly to the law when
I applied for aUm^sion as a representative.
1 know of no doubt that existed in my mind
as to whether 1 was qualified to serve in that
oiganization. but I have the knowledge that
\\ ::!:am J. ifvencer.' at the city of New C»r
l«-anf, represented the Sicux City. la., dele
gation at a time when he belonged to a local
unicn eisht hundred miles away in Brooklyn,
N. V.
1>( -tiii" - Hi- n<ciiji:jii<i;i and Makes a
Personal Explanation.
MAXGAX IS GASl-'ITTER.
Soni« of tho associations who are defending
the laws a* they have stood for twenty year*
have made very little progress in the way of
increasing their membership during the past
Fix or ueVen years. Others who claim no
knowledge of the laws have increased their
membership a hundredfold. Therefore Mr
Chairman, as a. landsman, I hope the report of
the commltte* will b« adopted.
It was after due and careful deliberation
that they recommended the adoption of that
resolution by the convention. And In present
ing . it here we ar« presenting their views,
their ideas, their experience as seamen as a
safeguard against the loss of life to those em
ployed aboard ship
The resolution referred to by the authority
on maritime law was Introduced by a seaman
¦who has been employed as a seaman for at
least twenty years. The matter was referred
to a committee of maritime workers, who
might in a terra be considered stamen. This
bugaboo of only one Individual understanding
anything about the maritime law. or usages
has be*n trotted out before this convention for
a great number of years. I want to say to
my friends that we have more maritime work
ers aboard of the boats on the Great Lakes'
than are belonging to their association. That
goes without contradiction because we have
got the figures to prove it.
We have all the marine flrf-men and oilers
and others who are a part of the so-called
st-amen in the term referred to by our friend.
Certainly they have some knowledge of the
eeafarir.g business. I don't know whether
they have ever consulted our friend o r not a*
to . what term or what particular construction
ought to be put on any resolution, but I do
know that the resolution was submitted to our
convention by a man who had twenty years'
experience as a seaman; and the resolution
was referred to a committee largely com
posed of maritime workers, known as under
the term of our friend here, seamen.
These remarks struck fire and Keefe
came back with the following in part:
Then »e are to be placed under the Jurisdic
ilon of a State Commerce Commission. Now. I
will tell you where we will be. We are under
the Jurisdiction of the United States Court
now, when we are on the sea, and when we are
in port we are under the jurisdiction of the
State courts, because when you are en ihe one
aide of the dock you are under the police Ju
risdiction of the State: when we are at 6oa we
are under the Jurisdiction of the United States
Court. Now. then, we are to have. In addition
to that, the jurisdiction cf a State Commerce
Commission. Here are men claiming to repre
sent seamen, assuming to represent seamtn.
and they have come into this convention and
asked tor the adoption of such unutterable rot
as this. #
They com« here and are asking for eomethinj;
that puts a premium upon the sending vt un
seawcrthy vessels to sea overmanned and over
loaded, so that they can collect thetr full
amount of Insurance frvm the insurance com
panlts. Why. that very thing has been fought
by the ccamen from thirty-five to forty years,
and any man that ever opened his mouth in
Great Britain or elsewhere on behalf of eea
men, and knew anything about seamen, bai
Insisted in season and out of *?ason that that
is the worst thing that a seaman has to suffer
throughout the entire worm.
"It would be well." said Furuseth. "if
the International Marine Workers' As
sociation of the United States and its
officers had consulted with the sailors,
with the men who go to sea; or it
might have been well, perhaps, if they
had left maritime matters to men who
follow the sea. These resolutions are
to seamen a most surprising thing— so
surprising that they could not by. any
possible manner of means come from
any one but a landsman." Continuing,
he said:
Furuseth Goes After Committee and
Has Tilt With Member.
TALKS ABOUT LAXDSMEX.
cart them aside you will be virtually asking
U( to play the role of Murray & Ready.
Continued lYom Page 1, Column 7
visiting delegates were tendered a re
ception by the officers and members
i of the local union.
BUSINESS WOMEN'S CLUB
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY
Groups of the visiting delegates paid
fiaternal visits to the stationary
engineers at their meeting in Alcazar
building last night.
The meeting of the Building Trades
Council Fast night was short and no
important business was transacted.
The brief session was owlrrg to the
enormous amount of executive work
heaped upon both President P. H. Mc-
Carthy and Secretary Tveltmoe dur
ing the past three days. At the next
meeting of the council on Thursday
evening a reception will be tendered to
all of the visiting delegates who may
see fit to attend. ,_ -
By an almost unanimous vote of the
members of the Laborers* Protective
Union No. S944, held last night, the
Saturday half-holiday - measure was
defeated. Only four votes out of a
total of two hundred and twenty-four
favored accepting the half day off. At
the next meeting of the union several
Itilinns will be admitted and the
initiation ceremony will < be conducted
In Italian. _
' « ' : f
. Many of the Eastern delegates
were entertained yesterday afternoon
and last night by local unions. The
headquarters of the Musicians' Union
was thrown open in the afternoon for
the reception of International Presi
dent Webber of Cincinnati, Miller
of St. Louis and Gray of Toronto,
Canada. Mayor E. E. Schmitz, the
local president of the union, was pres
ent and extended a warm welcome to
the men of his profession. The -rooms
were handsomely j decorated for the
occasion and after the greeting had
been exchanged between the strangers
and the local men pipes were passed
around, accompanied by a liberal sup
ply of union cut tobacco and unionized
beer. The afternoon was selected for
the reception of the delegates, as the
musicians had to fill their night en
gagements at the various theaters.
* KXTJ5RTAIX DELEGATES.
Delegate Driscoll reported concern
ing his visit to the thirty-seventh' annu
al trade union congress of Great Brit
ain,, that was held in the Town Hall
at Leeds in September. There were 453
delegates present, who represented 212
societies. Lady Dilke, the Countess of
Warwick; Sir John Gant. M. P.; John
Burnett of the Labor Department of
the Board of Trade; the Lord Mayor of
Leeds and his wife were on the plat
form. A resolution calling for compul
sory arbitration was defeated by a
large majority.
It is now probable that the question
of indorsement of socialism is some
form will go before the convention. Res
olutions were submitted for consider
ation to the committee on resolutions
yesterday by Victor L. Berger. a dele
gate from the Typographical union.
Resolutions have been approved by the
committee on resolutions favoring a
bill to prevent carelessness In handling
barges in tow; favoring protective
measures for employes in pulp and pa
per mills; favoring a civil service fac
tory inspection; opposing legislation
against railway ticket scalping: In fa
vor of securing the voting franchise for
women. A resolution relating to change
of time in contracts between employers
and labor organizations was defeated In
committee.
applause than Wignall. He spoke with
great deliberation and in measured
tones. Some account of what the Brit
ish delegates had to say is given else
where.
landing of every passAiger and mem
ber, of the crew.
CONTROVERSY REFERRED TO THE COMMITTEE
Mr. Wlttenmyer served Contra Costa
as County Clerk off and on for thirty
two years. He was president of the
Bank of Martinez from July, 1890, to
January, 1S99. "From 1901 to 1903 he was
deputy internal revenue collector, and
at the time of his death held the office
of court commissioner. ¦ He was also
past grand high priest in the Masonic
order. He leaves a wife and five chil
dren, three sons and two daughters.
MARTINEZ, Nov. 17.— Lewis Cass
Wlttenmyer, one of the most prominent
pioneers and public men of Contra Cos
ta County, died this morning at the
age of 76 years. He had been sick but
a few days. The immediate cause of
his death was meningitis.
The deceased was born at Salsbury,
Ind., June 15, 182S. He crossed the
plains in 1849 with five companions, ar
riving in California in August, and Im
mediately engaged tn mining. A year
later he engaged in farming In Mission
San Jose. The following year he toofc
up land in Contra Costa County and in
the fall started for a visit East, return
ing to California later with , a large
band of cattle and horses. In 1857 he
settled in Martinez, where he has since
resided.
RESPECTED CITIZEN* AND PIO
NEER OK CONTRA COSTA COUN
TY WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
WH1 Publish a Monthly Magazine.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 17.— Articles of in
corporation of the California Monthly
Publishing Company were filed here to
day. The capital stock is $75,000 and
the purpose of the company is to issue
a monthly magazine to be known as
The Raven. The directors are: Theo
dore Lowe of Mayfield, Samuel G. Aus
tin. Arthur C. Banta and T. C. Mackey
of San Jose.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Presi
dent hap promulgated regulations for
the appointment of unskilled laborers
in the civil service and for the selec
tion of eligibles for such appointment
and has authorized the creation of a
board to bt composed of a representa
tive from each executive department.
This board is to be under the general
supervision of the Civil Service Com
mission, but will operate largely on
independent lines. It will be required
to make examinations of applicants for
labor positions in the service and to
prepare a list of eligibles, from which
all appointments are to be made.
Applicants for appointment are re
quired to be citizens of the United
Stales, "physically and mentally quali
fied, of good character and habits and
of requisite experience, aS attested by
vouchers."
The fraternal delegates from Great
Britain and Canada were introduced
l>y President Gomjiers. Some ex
tracts from the speech of William
Abraham, M. P., are as follows :
We .ire trade -unionists. You will have
li*rnfd tireadjr that thers are two colors
*T.ong trade unionists. I stand h«re repre
senting the old school of trade unions. I stand
before you w:;h niy :r>nd conjointly rrpre
ei::t:ng that . - cf trad- ur.-.nnisU. It ran
cot hr t-aiii of thtm Uaait they arc wily agl'.m
tora and destroyn of thi peac* of the com
munity. That they are not. Still Un?y su«
tr.-itfe unionist*, beherlnf that tii* labor r Is
tht co-worker with capital producing ins
*• alth of Thf world.
As such laborers th«y htve an inherent right
tu a fair and «n <^juliab)<> *hare o: ihc- w-aith.
tho. th«y so inlntly proUut-e.
Inasmuch a> the history of tf*e world promos
to ut> that Labor unorganized cannot succeed
In demanding and n;ni::tuin!r.g that «tju:tah!e
ehare, it i^curai-; im;«iative ai»cn thi worker.-,
to organize themselves into ftrorjf trade
unlitf, tl.Mt the) nay. by no doing, claim anJ
rrair.tsin tlioir ripht to a share of the wt-altli
that they so jointly produce. In duir.g that
»• are indoavontii; tu lx mm of i«?ac»-. reai li-
Inr Justice through p m<-c. In d-Mni; that, my
frlrnds, we know that wheaevrr |*-ace is to
be permanent it will have to be based upon
JuFtice.
Capital has so increased its strength that it
has brought &bcut a condition of things tuch
thit organiz-d labor, though not in exactly
th<« sarr.e degree, but still to a \rry large de
jree. u- essentially necessary for the capitalist
cf these days, as «-»>Il as It is n-oessary for
th* worker. The old d«y* of the individual
«rrplcy«r have gem- by. He was changed a!
fimr and went into the joint stock company.
Then th^ joint stock company has lifen
changed into the limited liability company
end tho limited liability roaijany is now
char.g^fl into great trusts. As such, the great
Klve years Rgo we succeeded In getting an
net called thei workmen's oomtwnsaiton act.
The one thing ' that eac .prevent the worker
from recelvirg. romr^nsatlon Is his; own feri
cus willful negle; t. 1 have had «ome thouranrts
of cas^s fr. my district and in my hand, as it
wpre. and as ytt an employe has not failsd
to prove In any one case. The employer has
failed to make a case against paying' com-
I'4-nnation on that score. When a man is in
jured after the first fortnight be receives com
pensation from the office from which he used
to receive his pay, up to one-half of his usual
v»gos; but :hat one-half is not to exceed urn*
pound a week.
If a man earns two j.ounis a werk then he
gets in compensation from h!s employer one
pound a wt«k after tha first fortnight." If ha
is unfortunate enough to be kilkd. then those
depend, nt upon him receive in compensation his
aveiage wages for the last thr«e years of his
life, or three hundred pounds which is Targe
The cmr'loyer is to place it iri'hls cost sheet —
for the fii>t time In our history. And Jet me
tc 11 you here: Anxious as we were to, get
that bill passed, our grateful thanks phoulJ
We staiid. firsl. for .1 minimum "living wage;
ncea£. for <J' J <? protection to lif-' 1 and limb
while »( are working producing the commod
ity to enable "us to receive and demand ;l:at
living wage. And we str.nJ alfO to tot- the
hours of labor refltiefd from whatever they
row arc to a universal <Mcht-!:our per Jay
throughout America and throughout EnglRnJ.
It Is *sspntially necessary for them to have
ooltactint bargains. •' Inasmuch an coll?ctive
bargains cannot b» made by unorganized bodies
it is nrrrtttTT iur .Ihfcir saJie Uiat labor siwuld
organize. It has to plan itself In fYrm and
rofition to make B collective bargain for the
workers of th; ra.rld with 'those holding the
capital.
In our country employers nowadays will
n"t rnakf a. targain with nun-unionisis.- T-u*y
make- th<=-ir bargains with union men. with mm
thPt &r<* • rj.*iirz»d.
trusts arrl the limiu-d liability companies can
not make individual bargains wlt,h our work
man. ...
James .Wignall said that the trade
unionists of Great Britain are depend
ent for their ultimate success largely
upon ; the Bucces.3 of trade unionists
in the- United States. Regarding this
ho said, in :iart: -
If we should win to-day we should be glad
becauff you would share in our victory. If
you v.ln to- morrow- we will bt proud of It b2
eau*e we *ha1! filwvc in your victory. 'If you
enter upon dafeat. tTefenf will surely follow us.
We are hopeful an,i filad to know that we are
workrni? In co-operation with e&ch other and
that we are struggling to bring about the same
results, engaged In the same cause, fishtliiK
the same battle, hoping to obtain the same
succeus.
We • are representing here to-day the \vagt>
earners of the continent, the wealth producers,
anJ we have a right to demand & fair and a
lust share of that wealth that we produce. We
have a right at least to as much as will give
uk decent homes to live in, plenty of food and
plenty of clothing to heat and warm, and as
much comfort as Is necessary to lift us above
the mere drudgery of life and sufficient to
gtv« to our children the very best education
that can be obtained for them, so that at least
we can give them a chancy to succeed in the
battle of life.
WANTS. 111:1,1" OF AMKK1CA
be known' throughout the world to be due to
that Celtic race, to that entire party in the
House of Commons for the strenuous help they
gave us to pti^s that law.
¦ • Kow, then, my friends, »e ask you in clos
ing-. Will you kindly use your own mrahs,
your uwii methods ta. secure for yourselves a
.workman's compensation act? "EJtfs plea
l>rubably is not an unselfish one, I grant it. I
know thru whatever legislation is secured in
America we can then Fi-cure it In the old coun
try and if you succeed in obtaining a measure
'.ike this iht-re will be no ff-ar of the workers
of Great Rritain ever losing the benefit of
that act.
Selections Are to Be Made
From List Passed Upon by
the Various Departments
Success Abroad Is Said to Depend Largely
Upon Action Taken in America.
BRITISH MEN SANGUINE
NEW BOARD IS CEEATED
Stockton Boy Who Shot ami Killed
His Father Must Go to the
Penitentiary.
STOCKTON. Nov. 17.— The jury in
the case 'of Harry Buckland, charged
with the murder of his father on Sep
tember 12 last, brought in a verdict of
manslaughter this afternoon. The court
set Monday as the time for passing
sentence. —
The prisoner, who is 15 years of age,
shot his father at the latter's harness
shop shortly after the father had
choked the boy's mother at their home.
Buckland swooned when he heard the
verdict.
JURY FIXDS BUCKLAND
GUILTY OF MANSLAUGHTER
Under Sheriff William May testified
that he was at the Weber home on the
night of the fire and that little Earl
Weber was brought to the window by
George Ruth.
The child was alive and gasping for
breath, and May called for water to
bathe Its face. In the excitement some
The testimony given by Mrs. Snow
den at the inquest last night that Web
er had said to her, "Your time is com
ing next," was corroborated by her sis
ter, Mrs. Hess, and by her niece. Miss
B. Hess.
The final session of the Inquest to
nisht was of short duration. Coroner
Shejpard presided and was assisted by
District Attorney Kelly Robinson and
Assistant District Attorney C. A. Low
ell.
OOKONEK CLOSES INQUIRY.
j At the Wills home it was discovered
i that Weber's hand was bleeding. Miss
i Theo Wills bandaged the wounded
j hand. Wills, Weber and Lincoln Mer
row then went downtown to Kniefs
I candy store, at Weber's invitation, and'
; had ice cream and soda water. They'
, then walked up to the American Hotel
; as Weber stated that he wanted, vto
! see the girls." ; They saw no one there,
i and after passing through the hallway.
'¦ walked up the hill toward the brewery,
! then retraced their steps and went back
j to the Wills home, where Web^ spent"
the night.
"Weber was very restless during the
night," continued the witness, "and
.arose two or three times and came out
j into the room where Merrow and £
! were sitting. The next morning he
! arose early and we went to Mrs. Snow
den's house. Weber went In alone to
see his aunt. When he came out he
was very pale."
Wills could not remember that Weber
had referred to his family at any time
during the night of the murders or on
the following morning.
Lincoln Merrow was next called and
j corroborated the testimony given by
! Wills. v
I The hearing will be resumed to-mor
i row morning.
house when he saw it was on fire to
render assistance. He testified that
when he got there he saw young Weber
standing at or near the bottom of the
front steps and that he was either
staggering or turning around. At that
instant he saw Wiiliam May bearing
the body of little Earl Weber down the
steps. The witness turned away ar.J
the next time he saw the prisoner he
was lying down under a magnolia tree.
Wills went up to him and said, "You
had better come away." Weber shook
his Jiead In the negative.
Wills assisted by Tony Neves ' then
lifted'Weber from the ground and car
ried him out through the gate to the
road. Weber was somewhat excited
and seemed very weak. When they
reached the gate Weber wanted to go
back to the house, but the witness and
Neves took him to Wills' residence.
PRISONER'S HEARTLESSNESS.
John Adams, the guardian of Weber,
applied to-day for letters of adminis
tration on trie estates of Julius and
Mary Weber. His prayer will come up
before the court on Monday. Adams
said to-day:
"""I believe Adolph to be innocent. I
told him that I wasted the guilty party
or parties to be found out and when
they ere I hope they will bo hanged."'
D. W. Lubeck. vice president of the
Placer County Bank, positively denied
to-day the rumor that Julius Weber
had paid any sum of money into that
bank to reimburse It for the money
stolen from it May 26. He stated that
no 3uch transaction had taken place.
The statement was made by Lubeck in
reply to queries regarding a report that
Julius Weber had learned that his son
was the robber who held ud the bank
last May and got away with about
$5000. The story in circulation was to
the effect that Weber had settled with
the bank in order to prevent disgrace
to himself and family.
Robert Waugh, J. E. Walsh. I. H.
Parker, N. J. Cohen. Thomas James. J.
G. McLaughlin. B. M. Whaley. F. S.
Stevens and Walter Crosby.
BEXIKVKS WEBEK INNOCENT.
one brought him a bucket of lard.
Finally as the flames sreiv hotter the
child was placed in a chair and moved
further down the garden and a little
whisky was administered. 'A doctor
was sent for. but Earl died before be
arrived.
Deputy May positively asserted that
Ruth brought the baby to the window,
and that he did not see young Weber
there. The testimony was in direct
contradiction of the statement made by
Weber at the first session at the in
quest that he had carried the child
from Uhe burning dwelling.
Mrs. C. Hess of Sonora. a sister of
Mrs. "Vteber and Mrs. Snowden. testi
fied that she was at Mrs. Snowden's
house last Saturday morning and heard
"Weber say to Mrs. Snowden: "You are
responsible for the article in the Bee.
Your time Is coming next."
Miss Bertha Hess also corroborated
the testimony of Mrs. Snowden.
The case was then submitted to the
jury and forty minutes later the ver
dict v.-ns returned. The following citi
zens served on the jury:
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
President Makes Rules Gov
erning the Employment of
Hands That Are Unskilled
FOREIGN DELEGATES SPEAK
ABOUT UNIONS OF GREAT BRITAIN
CIVIL SERVICE
FOR LABORERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER IS. 1904.
CORONER'S JURY BELIEVES
WEBER IS THE ASSASSIN
CONTRA COSTA
COUNTY LOSES
NOTED CITIZEN
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This »5 Sailor Suit for *3. 50
The special in our juvenile department for this
Friday and Saturday is a stylish sailor of serge
for little chaps from 3 to 8 years as pictured.
The garments are made of all-wool winter-
weight serge in brown, royal, navy and red.
Each suit is neatly trimmed with braid on collar
We reduced these suits from $>.00 and for a
few days will sell them at $3.50.
See them in our Market-street windows.
With every purchase of a boy's suit or over-
coat we give a good pocket-knife free.
Boys' sweaters, all wool, in plain shades, such
as garnet, navy, oxford and black; also in'com-
¦ bination stripes: regular $1.00 and S1.2J values,
special at 85c. ;
Boys' Norfolk and golf caps 1 5c, 25c and 45c.
Filled. « — .. -o' \J** Filled.
740 Market* Street
See Small Ad Page for Further
• Particulars.
Every Detail of Manufaature
Carefully • Managed From
"FIELD ;TO FAMILY."
Free With . Every cimall Ad in
. Sunday Call.
A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The" Newest and Best Family
Flour on the Market.
FREE - FREE FREE
WITH
•SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
Kearny Street
Thurlow Block
o> tl o5> 2£ m
No Branch Store*. No Aetnt*
STUFFED AND PAbDED
AS MOST GARMENTS ARE
IS NflT FINE TAILORING.
THE LINES OF SMARTNESS
MUST v SH0W THE SCIENCE
OF AN ARTfDL DESIGNER.
WE OMIT THE NASTY PAD.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High-Grade Clothiers
ADVERTISEMENTS.Worship is more in looking up than
in bowing down.
A cheese mite a quarter of an Inch
long can Jump out of a vessel six
lrche* deep. To equal this feat a man
¦would have to jump out of a well 144
feet deep.
Two Added to List of Dead.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Nov. 17.—
Ralph C. Savoye and J. L. Smith, both
of Grand Rapids, died to-day of inju
ries sustained In the Pere Marquette
rear-end collision of passenger trains
last night at Elmsdale. These two
deaths bring the total fatalities of the
wreck up to four."
BERLIN, Wis., Nov. 17.— Tha Ber
lin National Bank closed its doors at
noon to-day and posted a notice say
ir.g: "Owing to the withdrawal of
deposits, the business of this bank
has been placed In the hands of the
Comptroller of the Currency."
A meeting of stockholders had been
called for December 5th to arrange for
paying a sixty per cent assessment in
order to strengthen the bank and to
remove any doubtful paper which
might be found. Notices had .been
Issued to the public stating the bank's
determination "to strengthen itself.
These notices were misconstrued by
the depositors; a run on the bank re
sulted and became so serious that the
directors determined to close the
doors. The deposits aggregate $160,
000.
Wrong Interpretation of ' Assessment
Order Brings Rain to Financial
Institution In Wisconsin.
DEPOSITORS MAKE MISTAKE
AND CLOSE DOORS OF BANK
NAPA. Nov. 17.-The Chamber of
Commerce of Ncpa gave a reception
end bancuet to-night to the oScers of
the n-w Vallejo and Benicia and Napa
Valley Electric Railway. The function
marked the completion of the track of
the new line from Vallejo to Napa and
the cars will be In operation in a short
time.
Orlebrate Advent of New Railway.
Ceremony Uniting Mrs. C. P. Spragne
to Eduard Deshon Brandegee
Takr* Place in Boston.
BOSTON. Nov. 17. — Very quietly In
Et. Stephen's Church this morning.
Mr*. Charles F. Sprc^rue of Brookline.
widow of former Representative
Charl<?? p. Sprague and possessed of
a fortune of J 10.000.000 was married
to Edward Deshon Brandegee of Utl
<ui. N. T. Less than 100 guests, all in
timate friend* and relatives of the
couple, witnessed tho ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. Brandegee will reside
at Faulkner farm. Erookline, one of
the chow places in this part of the
f 0^?? 0 \, Mrs -» Bran <*egee **« former
ly Ufa Mao- B. Pratt. A* the grand
daughter of William F. Weld she In
herited many millions.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. — Through lack
of wires stock brokers have been com
piled to send their orders between
New York and Chicago by ralL One
firm employs a regular corps of mes
sengers running back and forth be
tween New York and Chicago on the
Twentieth Century Limited over the
New York Central and the Lake Shore
railroads.
. A Chicago partner of a New York
brokerage firm started a messenger for
New York on the Twentieth Century
Limited Monday morning at 12:30,
when the hopeless* condition of the
wire service was learned. Arriving at
the Grand Central station at 9:30
o'clock Tuesday morning, the messen
ger quickly secured a telephone booth
and the orders brought from Chicago
were received by the much surprised
member of the firm before the opening
of the market at 10 o'clock.
Wires Keep Messeneers Going
From Gotham to Chicago.
Speculators Handicapped by Lack of
FAST TRAIN SERVICE
AS AN AID TO BROKERS
WIDOW WITH MILLIONS
WEDS A NEW YORKER
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 17.— Two hundred
and thirty- two Chinese who have been
connected with the World's Fair con
cession since the opening of the expo
sition, departed to-night in eight spe
cial cars over the Wabash Railroad on
their way to ' San Francisco, whence
they will sail for China.
The party is In charge of United
States Immigration Inspectors, and the
Chinese will be closely guarded on the
trix>, as many of them do not want to
return to their native country.
Celestials Employed at Fair Now Un
der Deportation Orders Start for
Pacific Coast Under Guard.
BACK TO THEIR HOMES
IN ORIENT START CHINESE
Bodies I'ocnd in Kulns Those of
Strand<*d lowar.s, Wlio Tried to
Steal Ride.
CANYON* CITY. Colo.. Nov. 17.—
Two bodies taken from a wrecked Rio
Grande freight train at Salida yester
day a-nd supposed to be those of
tramps were identified to-day as W.
P. "Howard and George H. Mackay.
both of Am?-?, Iowa.
The men. who belonged to promi
nent Iowa families, had been spend
ing the rummer In Colorado and, hav
ing run short of funds, decided to
steal a ride home. They accordingly
hid in the vacant ice compartment of
a refrigerator car. The train to which
the car was attached was wrecked and
th? car in which the men were con
cealed took fire. The men were suf
focated. Identification was effected
through a memorandum book found
on Howard.
VICTIMS OP TRAIN WRECK
NOT TO AM PS. AS SUPPOSED
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The World
to-morrow will say: Ex-Governor
Frank S. Black has been tendered the
offer of the Attorney Generalship in
President Roosevelt's Cabinet for the
term beginning March 4, 1905. While
President Roosevelt has not formally
invited Mr. Black to become a member
of his official family, the tender of the
Attorney Generalship has been made
:> a way that carries with it the assur
ance of the President that he would
like to have New York's ex-Governor
in his Cabinet of younger men which
Roosevelt Is understood to want as as-
Fociates during the new administra
tion.
It is the view of ex-Governor Black's
friends that he will not accept the At
torney Generalship, because It would
mean sacrificing a law practice which,
it Is said, nets him nearly $100,000 a
year, and which, his friends say, he
could retain if h» should be elected to
the United States Senate. For this
reason, the ex-Governor's friends as
sert, he would prefer to take the Sena
torship.
The understanding of these New
York Republicans who know of Presi
dent Roosevelt's plan to prevent a
firht over Chauncey M. Dcpew's seat
is that W. H. Moody accepted the At
torney Generalship only on condition
that his term should terminate on
March 4 next. .
Ex-Governor of the Em
pire State May Become
Attorney General March 4
BOSTON, Nov. 17.— The American
Board of Missions to-day received a
cablegram from W. W. Peet at Con
stantinople, announcing that the peo
ple In the vicinity of Adrianople, in
Macedonia, are suffering horrible dis
tress and facing death by freezing and
starvation.
American Board of Missions Receives
Appeal for Aid From Representa
tive In Constantinople.
PEOPLE IN MACEDONIA
ARE SUFFERING FOR FOOD
i
| mons, officials and officers of both ser
• vices, the Prince and Prince«3 of
Wales being among the distinguished
gathering.
An address in a gold casket was
presented to King Charles and the
presentation of officials and others to
{ the King and Queen followed and then
! the city's guests filed into the larg»
hall where luncheon was served. The
Lord Mayor toasted the King of Por
tugal, who. in replying, referred to the
I leng standing alliance between Portu-
Iga! and England and hoped It would
I continue for all time. At the conclu
; sion of the luncheon the party re
turned to Windsor.
A striking work is a cartoon for
stained glass windows, representing
the seasons, by Albertine Randall
Wheelan. The portraits and studies in
life are also meritorious, j And in the
branch that stands for the personifica
tion of the artist's patience — the de
partment of the miniature — there Is
some excellent work. A portrait of
Miss Marie Wells by Lillie V. O'Ryan
end a portrait of Mrs Harry W.
EiFhop by Grace Wishar Peeke. are
beautifully done, the harshness of out
line that usually accompanies such
work being eliminated by a skillful
blending of figure and background.
A study* of a lovely baby by May
Slessinger is excellent, the work being
literally microscopic from the tinting of
the violet eyes to the weaving of th'i
dainty golden curls. Portraits of "Dick
and Kathleen." by Mrs. Vincent Neale,
are also pretty studies In child life.
Altogether the exhibit is a pleasing
one and there are few among the many
pictures that do not do credit to the
Institution that has hung them for in
spection by the public.
Colors confounded appear to be the
passion of Eugen Neuhaus in Holland
scenes. He has a group of six water
colors, each a scene over which the in
fluence of the ancient and honorable
Dutch is indelibly marked. Their reds
and yellows fiaine out like torches and
would carry chter to a dungeon.
And in the quieter effects — In scenes
of the wood, the meadow and the sea —
there are many excellent works,
notable among them being "A Golden
Gleam," by Gordon Coutts; "Stormy
Weather." by Sydney J. Yard: "Rip
pling Tide," by Norman St. Clair, and
"Indian Huts." by Alice Best.
Ing in tl\e warmth of the reception ac
corded to their Majesties. Addresses
were presented to them by the local
authorities at various points along the
route. One of these was typical of
them all. It neatly referred to Queen
Amelie as follows:
"She sprung from France. Born in
England, wedded to Portugal, she has
united three nations, which we trust
will always be found in close associa
tion with one another."
Att the Guildhall Lord Mayor
Pound and the Lady Mayoress, in
their robes of office, awaited the royal
visitors. A procession was formed
and proceeded to the library which
was filled with Cabinet Ministers*.
Peers, members of the House of Corn-
LONDON, Nov. 17. — King Charles
and Queen Amelie of Portugal passed
in procession through the streets of
London to-day and had luncheon at
the Guildhall as the guests of the
Lord Mayor 'and corporation. As a
pageant the royal progress through
the lamp-lit streets of the city could
not be regarded by even the most en
thusiastic as a success. An opaque
fcg. at some parts of the route so
dorse that it was impossible to see
more than fifty yards ahead, veiled the
overhead decorations and the troops
that lined the route and escorted the
sovereigns hid the^.r bright uniforms
under heavy* greatcoats. The crowds
were not large, but nothing was lack-
STRIKING PICTURES THAT ARE HUNG AMONG HUNDREDS OF OTHERS
WHICH. GO TO MAKE UP THE FIFTIETH ANNUAL EXHIBITION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO ART ASSOCIATION WHICH OPENS THIS MORNING.
ONB OF THE ROYAL. GUESTS OF THE LORD MAYOR OF LONDON "WHO
YESTERDAY TOOK PART IX PARADE THROUGH STREETS OF THE ENG
LISH METROPOLIS DESPITE HEAVY BANKS OF FOG.
Bomb Cast at Mayor's Office Injures
Many People and Damages the
Bulldlnjr.
"BARCELONA. Nov. 17. — A bomb
was exploded at the Mayor's oflce in
the Calle Fernando here this evening.
The building was not much damaged,
but nine persona were seriously in
jured and several others slightly hurt.
There is an unconfirmed rumor that
two of the wounded have died. The
Calle Fernando is much frequented as
a promenade by the upper class.
*A Man's Shadow" Played
in Windsor Castle by Beer
bolfin Tree by King's Order
LONDON. Nov. IT.— One of the most j
brilliant theatrical performances ever j
held in Windsor Castle occurred to- j
nt~ht when Beerbohm Tree, by the !
Kibs*> ooaaxand. took down a special j
company to reproduce "A Man's Shad- j
axe.", ¦ I
The stage was erected in the historic ,
Waterloo chamber and the audience j
v. 35 worthy of its setting. In the front ;
row of rro'.d and red plush chairs sat ;
King Edward: next to him was Queen j
Arr.elie of Portugal, then King Charles j
of Portugal at Queen Alexandra's j
rijrht. They were f.anked on either side ;
by the Prince and Princess of Wales I
and tbc Duke and Duchess of Con- !
naught. All wore the Windsor uni- j
torn, namely, evening dress with red j
collars* and lapels. The orders worn |
by the men and the jewels on the j
¦women's dresses added brilliancy to an
audience such as has seldom gathered
in England.
King Edward and King Charles both j
followed the performance vivaciously, j
Mrs. James Brown Potter especially at- I
tractei attention, while cnother Ameri- j
can. Oeraldine Wilson, a small child of j
9, ur<m whom this J»kyll and Hyde j
melodrama hinges, also won frequent
applause.
The cast included such well-known
p'ayers as Lionel Brough. Gerald du I
Maurier. Clarence Blakiston and Kate
Cutler.
Kirs Edward, despite a long and tir- j
inp day. looked exceptionally well. He j
sent hearty thar.ks to Tree for produc- |
in;r this play, which, as Prince of
Wales, was always one of his favor- [
itcs.
INTERNAL MACHINE USED
IX STREETS OF BARCELONA
ROYAL AUDIENCE
GREETS ACTORS
Senator Aldrich's only remark on
coming from the White House was:
"We shall do the wise thing." But he
has expressed to his friends hl3 view
that some time during the new adminis
tration the tariff ' will have to be
changed, and he is now regarded as
willing to have the attempt made.
It seems to be certain that the Presi
dent will leave this question entirely In
the hands of Congress and will make
no specific recommendations in his
coming message. As the question de
velops In the short session a decision
will be reached about an extraordinary
session and the President will listen to
all Republican leaders in both houses
before he decides. That there will be
some change In the Dingley schedules
within the next two years seems to be
Bettled. The question to be decided 13
whether it shall be done In an extra
session or whether the presnt Ways
and Means Committee shall be author
ized to sit through the recess.
There is a growing sentiment among
members now arriving that, if the tar
iff Is to be revised at all, the sooner the
better.
CALL. BUREAU, HOTEL. BARTON.
WASHINGTON. Nov. IT. — President
Roosevelt Is apparently yielding to the
opinion that if the tariff is to be even
slightly revised during: the next two
years it should be done at an extra ses
sion of Congress next spring. He Is
now consulting every arriving member
of the Senate and House on the extra
session proposition.
Two very prominent men in Congress
have been won over to some sort of
tariff change. These are Senator Aid
rich of Rhode Island, chairman of the
Committee on Finance of the Senate,
and Representative Payne, chairman of
the "Ways and Means Committee of the
House. They have oeen in consulta
tion with the President in the last few
days and the subject of tariff revision
and extra session has been exhaustive
ly discussed.
Payne believes that some change in
the Dingley schedules can be made very
soon without any disturbance to busi
ness.
An eye-witness to the shooting of
Young was discovered in a most un
usual way to-day while the trial was
in progress. Archibald J. G. Anderson,
one of the men summoned for examina
tion as to his qualifications to serve on
the jury, was oeing questioned by As
sistant District Attorney Rand, when
he~ asked permission to speak with
Justice Davis, who is presiding at the
trial. After a whispered conversation
counsel for the prosecution and de
fense were called to the bench and a
moment later Anderson was excused
and Joined counsel for the prisoner
within the bar of the enclosure. Daniel
I. O'Reilly, one of Miss Patterson's at
torneys, said that an eye-witness to
the shooting hid been discovered. In
formation to this effect had been com
municated to Justice Davis by Ander
son. When court adjourned seven
jurors had been accepted.
John Miilin, who was Caesar Young's
racing partner and who, it is under
stood, will be one of the principal wit
nesses for the prosecution, was made
to sit in the rear of the courtroom upon
request of the prisoner. Miilin had a
seat near the bar of the Inclosure and
had been watching Miss Patterson
closely for some time when ehe asked
that he be ordered away from the rail.
As Miilin passed the defendant in go-
Ing to the rear of the courtroom she
shrank back on the shoulder of her
father. '
Miss Patterson seemed in good spirits
when she entered the courtroom to-day
and a brief chat with her counsel be
fore the trial was resumed added to
her apparent cheerfulness. Mr. Levy
informed the defendant that the morn
ing mail had brought him a letter
which might have an important bearing
on the case. What the letter contained
was not divulged.
NEW YORK, NoV. 17.— With four of
the twelve men who are to decide her
fate already selected, the trial of Nan
Patterson, the former show girl charged
with the murder of Caesar Young, the
wealthy horseman, was continued in
the criminal branch of the Supreme
Court to-day. The greatest care has
been used in the examination of the
talesmen and the exhaustive question
ing and almost indiscriminate challeng
ing for evert the slightest cause indi
cated that not only might another full
court day or even more be consumed
in filling the jury box, but that the
panel of one hundred talesmen might be
"exhausted before the task was complet
ed. Thus far the general public has
.been shut out entirely from the pro
ceedings, only those having a direct
connection with the case being allowed
to enter the courtroom. Yesterday the
available space was well filled by the
court officials, newspaper men and the
talesmen awaiting examination as to
their Qualifications for jury duty, and
the officers who guarded all the doors
had little trouble in keeping back the
crowds which gathered in the corri
dors. Whether the bars would be kept
down during the whole progress of the
trial was not known, but many who
desired to take advantage of the first
opportunity to gain admittance were on
hand early to-day.
Srectal Dt«r&tch to The Call.
Little Doubt That the Ding
ley Schedules Will Be Al
tered in the Near Future
Eye-Witness to Shooting
Discovered in Peculiar Way
During Court Proceedings
"Hope," as it is called, another
study in green, by G. F. P. Piazzoni, is
a striking peace of work. Its title might
well have been "The Dawn." for the
first tints of tr.orn is seen to be on
the forest. In imagination there comes
from it the perfume of the pines re
freshed by the - dew. The mist of the
night seems to be lifting from the
foliage. It is the Inspiration of a moun
taineer and is worth careful inspection.
The art of the pencil and the brush
in all its wide variety is here exhibited.
Upon entering the gallery the eye is
caught by a flash of emerald, the basic
color of five pictures contributed by
Will Sparks. At first glance they ap
pear to be monochromes, but closer in
spection reveals the lights and shadows
blended in shades of yellow and warm
browns. However, it is the brilliant
green that is unique and calls for ad
miration for the live, which bear the
titles. '•Back From the Bay," "Passing
Clouds," "After the First Rain,"
"Autumn Afternoon" and "Summer
Morning."
The fiftieth exhibition of the San
Francisco Art Association opens this
morning at 9 o'clock In the Mary Fran
ces Searles gallery of the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art. It will close on
December 10. Two hundred and twen
ty-six sketohes and studies In oil and
water colors are in place for the exhi
bition, the majority of which are for
sale at listed prices.
AYINS PABTT SUPPORT
ASKS FOE HIS REMOVAL
Fiftieth Exhibition of Art Association Opens To- Day
Britons Turn Out in Fog in
Honor of Royalty.
President in FayoV of Con
gressional Action Upon
the Tariff Next Spring
"Xan" Patterson Objects to
Presence Near Her of the
Partner of Caesar Young
PICTURES PLACED
FOR PUBLIC VIEW
LONDON GIVES GREETING
TO RULERS OF PORTUGAL
SHRINKS FROM
GAZE OF MAN
EXTRA SESSION
MAY BE CALLED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER' 18, 1904.
3
BLACK OFFERED
CABINET PLACE
-ADVERTISEMENTS. •
|.?!yC'! ( ' .\ II •- !•: |t Formerly $12.50 Now Reduced to '
-tp We have reduced some S^.JO suits to
J^^^^^mi&M^^^^^^^^ I $7.45. As so large a reduction is unusual
4.*? *• " " ¦ ' * v \ *¦** -\ yh^£?F§£$M&^M¥?\^^ *" * V\7 & \\ C\ 1 1 1 f"l fT 1 V^ C\ 1 1 T" T* f* C\ O n
if rst> e ? armen te comprise certain lines
1^^^^ F that have partially sold out. The sizes are
new g° ods - The garments are blue, black and
f anc y mixed cheviots in single-breasted styles.
' "^^^M^^^^^^j^^^^^^^^M^ V Second, we want to keep the store's sales
r |^^^^^^^^^^^g f for November up to what they were in the
' /^^^^^^^S^^S^^^^^B ' '? corresponding month of last year when th£re
fe filiiii was no Presidential election. As you know,
|l§iPH *" is~ ' ~ f\ IplS """'*"* Offering such values is bound to crowd the
«^®^-||^^^^^^A--^^p^ Now you have the reasons, and for $7.45
' y° u neec ' a su^ or ever y-day wear you
For Friday and Saturday only - Garner's per- J>1" flfW \3 \3 \3 Q) a \ V II makcs no difference ™h*t' M&& of na *> y°a
cale shirts in white and colored grounds ; open • .^"^¦'1 y-y- x^ P»^ X|/ want in a stiff or soft shape, we can show It to
front and back;" separate Unk cuffs; price $1.OO. 7AQ MARKET STREET you for $1.95. Glance -in our windows and see.OMAHA, Nov. 17.— Paul J. Schafer of
Oakland, Cal., in his attempt to have
set aside the divorce decree obtained
from him by his wife; to-day testified
that he broke up housekeeping in May,
1W>1, "because he did n,ot propose to
ktep open house for a bunch of Chris
tian Scientists." He said Mrs. Schafer
had turned. a part of the house into a
meeting place for the Christian Scien
tists and that she had put a sign. on
the front door inviting them to enter
without knocking.
Schafer testified that Mrs. Schafer
would not allow medical attendance
for their children. One time, he said,
their little boy snapped off the end of
his finger while working at his bicycle
and Mrs. Schafer protested very much
when it was wrapped up. Again, said
Schafer. when the little girl was ill he
sent for a doctor, and the wife refused
him admittance.
t In referring to Herbert - Beck, to
whom Mrs. Schafer was subsequently
married, Mr. Schafer said this man had
frequently called- at his home In Oak
land and that he had protested. Mrs.
Schafer, however, answered that; he
came to see both of. them.
. .In less' than six months after the di
vorce she was married to Bed; at
Council Bluffs. Iowa. Schafer further
testified that his first knowledge of the
divorce obtained by his- wife in Omaha
was when he was arrested for kidnap
ing one of his own children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Oakland Man in Omaha Di
vorce Court Says Home Was
Besieged by Faith Curists
BLAMES WOES
ON SCIENTISTS
HARBIN, Nov. 17.— Orders have
been given to the Japanese troops to
shoot any one in Chinese garb observ
ed approaching the llnefor fear they
may be Russians in disguise. Notices
have been posted offering a reward of
$25 for every Chinese apy captured.
The Chinese bandits are very active.
The Japanese are enlisting Chinese
militia hired in. the, village of Syobay
iki at 30 cents a day. .
tf here have been numerous skir
mishes in which a number of Chinese
bandits have been killed or captured
by Russians. • ¦' -
Japanese Will Treat as ' a Spy Any
One Wearing: It. . :
MOSCOW, Nov. 17.— Vice Admiral
BezobrazofT, who has just returned
from Vladivostok, was Interviewed
her* to-day. He said the recently
constructed fortifications at Vladivos
tok made the position there stronger
than ever. Th« entrance to the har
bor has been thoroughly mined/ The
protected cruiser Bogatyr Is out of
dock and the armored cruiser Cromo
bol i» undergoing: repairs.
Admiral ¦ Bezobrazoff believes the
second Pacific squadron will be at
tacked in the" Indian Ocean. He said
the Vladivostok squadron would soon
make another sortie.
Japanese likely to Meet Baltic Ships
In the Indian Ocean.
CHINESE GARB IS TABOOED.
WHERE FLEETS MAY BATTLE.
Applies to the Tacoma Courts and- Is
Given an Order for Return '.of
. Her Trunks.-.
TACOMA, Wash.. Nov. 17.— The com
pany now en route to San Francisco to
present 1 "The Runaways" will arrive in
California minus Miss Sallle Randall,
who left It here last night. Miss Ran
dall left. New York with the company
ten weeks ago, but says there has been
a constant endeavor to take away her
lines and give them to members of the
chorus. Matters became worse from
her standpoint and two weeks ago she
told Manager Comstock that she want
ed to leave! Bhe says he declined to
give up her trunks, though she thinks
that he desired her assistance only un
til the San Francisco engagement was
completed. Reaching Tacoma,. Miss
Randall found her -husband, John Els
ridge, playing In vaudeville at the Ly
ceum Theater. She" accordingly went
before Justice Garrebon and started a
suit to recover her trunks, with the re
sult that she. got them. Her part has
been given to a member of the chorus.
Miss Randall's specialty is vaudeville
work and she will join her husband at
the Lyceum. . ¦"..-'.
A clean heart Is the" secret of a clean
head. „
Applications for approximately $40,000
worth of Japanese bonds were received
at the Nevada Bank yesterday.' The to
tal amount subscribed in this city Is
nearly $1, 400,000. No requests for the
securities can be honored after this
morning. Kuhn, Loeb & Co. of New
York telegraphed the Nevada Bank
yesterday that the loan was a complete
success in the East and' directed that
no subscriptions be received after this
morning. President Hellman said yes
terday:
"California has responded to the Jap
anese call for funds much more readily
than we had any reason to expect. Ac
cording to theory and history loans
should be secured only with great dif
ficulty when the nation borrowing la at
war.
"In this Instance we flnd^the desired
amounts heavily oversubscribed wher
ever the bonds are offered. This re
markable state of affairs indicates con
clusively that the world's most careful
and far seeing financiers have unques
tioned confidence in the ability of the
Japanese to triumph in their war with
Russia," V r
JAPANESE BOND ISSUE
IS CO3IPLETE SUCCESS
MISS SALLJE -RANDAMj
LEAVES "THE RUNAWAYS"
, "The Chinese General Ma has re
ceived reinforcements again and has
installed further Japanese military in
structors. The Russians regard him
with deep suspicion and are keeping
a sharp watch on his actions.
"The news of the revolt of the re
serves in European Russia makes a
deep impression. The army newspa
per says that people who betray their
country in the hour of need are not
worthy to bear the Russian name."
to-day, saying:
"It is confirmed from various quar
ters that the Japanese have double
tracked the railroad from PortDalny
to Liaoyang. Thirty trains are run
ni/ig daily.
BERLIN. Nov. 17. — The Lokal An
zeiger prints a disp'atch from Mukden
It tak** more than loftiness to make
a Mint
rr fill 1
PORTLAND. Nov. . 17. — To-day's
ivsticn of the National Grange, in an
nual convention in this city, was de
voted to the reading of reports and to
the routine buyinrrss of the Grange,
liany of th* delegate* are strongly ln
« lined to the rejection of Forne Cali
fornia city a?> th» nf-xt meeting place.
National Grange H<"ar« Reports.
GENERAL MA BEING WATCHED.
The Daily Telegraph's Tientsin co-
respondent says he has received a re
port that the Japanese have suddenly
advanced in the direction of Mukden,
from which place they are now 1 only
twelve miles distant.
LONDON, Nov. 18.— The fact that the
Russian torpedo-boat destroyer Rasto
ropny (which arrived at Chefu on
Wednesday) left Port Arthur much
later than the date of General Stoes
sel's published ' report, which relates
nothing later than November 3, is re
garded as significant. Apparently,
however, Tokio\has not yet received as
late news as is contained in the report
of American Consul General Fowler at
Chefu, which was transmitted to the
State Department at Washington on
Wednesday.
Special dispatches from Tientsin re
port a heavy bombardment of Port
Arthur as late as November 12 "and
nightly sorties by email parties of Rus
sians, who lost heavily in bayonet
fiyhts. These reports give no reliable
details, but concur in statements that
the guns are wearing out and that the
Russian ammunition is becoming
scarce.
Important Portion of Stoossel's Report
Not Given Out.
I^\TI-: NEWS WITHHELD.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. IS. 2:15 a.
m. — Rejoicing: over the undaunted spir
it displayed by General Stoessel in his
telegram of congratulation to Emperor
Nicholas on the anniversary of his ac
cession to the -throne and officially an
nouncing the failure of General Xogi's
nine-day attempt to present Port Ar
thur to the Mikado as a birthday gift.
Is tempered >jy private information that
the gallant^ commander of the garrison
has been wounded. General Stoessel
was struck on the head by. a splinter
from a shell while he was personally
directing the repulse of a particularly
desperate assault. Fortunately the
wound is not serious and General Stoes
sel has not been obliged to relinquish
command. General Stoessel is regarded
as the heart and soul of the- defense
and his death, or disability which would
cause him to relinquish command,
would be regarded as an irremediable
misfortune.
Other information sent by General
Stoessel. ?rhieh has not been divulged
for strategic reasons it is said by the
War Offlce is by no means unfavorable.
White. the garrison is now hemmed in
in the citadel itself, not one of the main
forts ha» been taken. The garrison has
been provisioned, fresh ammunition has
arrived and General Stoessel expressed
confidence that the defense can be suc
cessfully maintained until the arrival
of Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's Second
Pacific squadron.
The report that the armored ' cruiser
Gromoboi has been damaged at Vladi
vostok is confirmed. The vessel ground
ed as she was returning to the harbor
from a trial trip after the repair of the
Injuries received in the fight with Ad
miral Karcimura's squadron, but at the
Admiralty the injuries are said to be
Elight.
v ith the advert of the cold weather is
tplendid. There are few cases of'in-
Jcrtions diseases and the hospitals are
r.*» lor.?er crowded, most of the nick
£nd wounded having beta sesi north.
• iENEHAL KUnOPATKIN'S HEAD
itVAHTEUti. ChansiaLaoutun, Man
tfturla, Nov. 17.— The Japanese, ac
t.wdicg ti> the Russian scout?, are
heavily fortliyuis their second line of
c:».fense along the Tait?e River.
major j»ortion of the irklrmiFhing of the
last fev. d«.ys has be^n around the vfl
laze of yansintoundi. Some Japanese
and Russians, who had gone unarmed
t>» the &a.i^e r;»rir.g of water, had a
hund-to-hand light. There were plenty
of broken heads, but not one on either
tide was >::'.'. C
The n-i-ii-'i of the Ili/«tian troops
' yesterday c-venirg the Japar.es? as
curhf-d the cfKaFlve against our posi
lioo near OacUnpu, but the attacks
v.cife repulsed. At about II o'clock at
r-ght th* caemy recommenced a fusil
lade, which lasted nearly an hour and
a half. Our losses were fourteen men
wounded. At dawn the tame day our
sharpsh liters ambushed thirty-two
cismour.iea Jap«tr.ebe dragoons. Th-i
fcharpthuoters attempted to make pris
oners wf them, but the, Japanese re-
Fli-i'-'l and vert all killed or tvoundM
ci.<.-*-pt three, who were captured. A
c-jrapany of Jai>aner» came to the res
<.\it cf their comrades, but the fire of
the sharpshooter? kept them at bay,
Bftd the «hari'«hooters rejoined their
resident v. ithuut loss."
The Rursian* have greatly strenstb
«:..ed thvir positions arid hope to hoi«l
iiukden thiOunh the winter.
WirUs nJvnJt the line are dry and both
Bides i^e ;h«r t^h^khe River, where the
fcijdltr* epprm'h urtarrr.exi and gt't
v ater under recognized mutual sanc
tion rot to fire on a sinjie soldier. Here
th*> coble ?rt of war is canned to
fcsticnSr and swapping cigarettes, jack
kim«-s and fc/od. all of which are
l<rized. raTT»i!iantie5 arc inevitable
v, here long lines are ia continuous con-
L&ot. Tbe ernji** have nor. b^een sta
vior.ary for so long that they are
cn»;r.s mpptieB of fuel and hors-i
f'^afre frurr. the dirtcnt rear, all other
fcjpplk-s b^irjc
->T. PKTKKSBURG. Nov. 17.— Gen-
Kuropatkin in a dispatch dated
>u\eiriber 16 Mrs:
It is reported that th? Japanese are
t ..m-er.tiiitin* ftror.g forces on their
tiztit. left and center, undoubtedly T.uh
in*- realization that they mot be as
e-iied cf speedy success before attack
:. e. as It v.ould be irr.poEsibie 'or th»»r
*rrr:Jfs to remain in the field without
fhf'.tfr. owing to the bitterly cold
nlfchts.
'JUKDKX. Nov. 17.— It is reported
that :#,<X>J Japanese troops have V>e?n
lcr;«3>d at KeircbWanc anS 30.900 other*
i: Pltxrro and that a turrlr.tr move
lrtr.t on the Kussian rier>.t »s expected.
Japanese Ready
to Attack Kuro
patkin.
Telegram From
Stoessel Cheers
the- Czar.
General Stoessel was slightly wound
ed in the head during one of the latest
assaults on Port Arthur.
The text of General Stoessel's dis
patches of October 28 is as follows:
'•We have th« honor to report. to your
Majesty that the Japanese bombarded
very vigorously on October 2a our forts
and entrenchments north and north
east. The following day they also atr
tacked one of the forts; on the north
side, but our heavy artillery and sh'rap
nel fire dispersed their reserves and the
assault was repulsed. Our losses were
one officer and about seventy men
killed and four hundred wounded."
In x telegram dated October 30 Gen
eral Stoesael sayB:
'Since my dispatch of October 28 the
bombardm>i-i continues with great
fierceness."
Under date of November 3» General
Stoecsel telegraphed:
"We greet the Emperor. This day,
a solemn one for all our country, we
oCer prayers to God and send to our
Emperor felicitations hi the shape of
reverberating hurrahs. On bended
knees we pray to God to give health to
your Majesty and their Majesties, the
Empresses and the Grand Duke Czare
vitch. Our joy is all the greater be
cause all the assaults, which lasted
nine days, have been repulsed up to
this great day, the anniversary oi your
accession to the throne, the same date
our Japanese enemies celebrate the an
nlversaiy of the birth of their Mikado
and whereupon they had sworn to take
fhe fortress. God is with us."
CHEFU, Nov, 17.— FIgnttng; at Port
Arthur has taken place nightly since
the Japanese began their general as
sault on October 26, according to Cap
tain Ronberg, a pilot, "who was a pas
senger on the Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyer Rasteropny.
The Japanese trenches, the captain
says, are closest to the forts on Rih
lung and Keewan mountains and to
other forts of the northeastern group.
The sharpshooters of both sides oc
cupying the pits converse with one an
other and frequently make individual
truces, in order to borrow cigarettes or
to relieve their cramped limbs.
The Japanese are displaying great
energy in the construction of trenches
and the mounting of gum.
All of the railroad steamships be
longing to the Russians, except the
8te*l screw transport Amur, have been
sunk by Japanese shells. The hospital
ship Angara (formerly a transport) has
been sunk in shallow water. The pa
tients are still on board the ship and
are comfortable.
The Japanese shells directed against
the harbor are fired with remarkable
accuracy. Recently a silk-clad Chi
nese, who waa seen traveling in a
sampan, was watched by the Russians,
who observed that following the dis
charge of each shell, he placed a hand
kerchief to his nose and then into his
left pocket, occasionally varying tbese
movements, apparently thus signaling
the landing places of the shells. The
shells fell behind obstructions, which
fact prevented the Japanese obtaining
a direct view of their effect. The Chi
nese was hanged.
One day last week a hospital ship
moved too near the battleships In the
harbor, whereupon the Japanese
dropped small shells- around her. with
the obvious purpose of warning her
away. - The ship took 'the hint, and
.when she was outside the zone of dan
ger.large shells began fajllng near the
battleships. . . ' ' • . .
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 17.— As a
result cf the dispatches received from
General Stoeasel, the War Offlce ex
presses entire confidence that Port Ar
thur will be able to he-Id out till the
arrival </f the Russian second Pacific
Squadron.
General Stoessel, in his dispatches to
Emperor Nicholas, reports the repulse
of the Japanese attack on October 25
on the north front of Port Arthur. The
Russian losses were 4&0 killed or
wounded. All of the attacks on No
vember 3; the anniversary of the Em
peror's ascension to the throne, were
repulsed.
The report that the Japanese blew
up fort N'o. 2, the Russian says, is in
correct. The Japanese attempted to
take the fort, but General Smirnoff
personally superintended countermin
ing operations, blew up the Japanese
tunnel and put a etop to their ad
vance.
Much of the success in repelling the
six-day attack. It is said, is due to
General SmlrconTs handling of the ar
tillery. As an example of his work, the
Russian relates that during an attack
on a hill, which was already in the
hacdi of the Japanese on three side?,
<i c neral Smirnoft sent quick-ftring guns
under eover of darkness and got in the
rear of the Japanese reserves, who
were waiting for the final attack, cut
them up and drove them off, prevent
ing them participating in the final
a;>ault. -
CHEFU, ICoT. I". — A Russian who has
just arrived h<re from Port Arthur re
ports that the fortress is holding out
well despite three months of almost
continuous bombardment. The active
l&nd defense Is entirely In the hands of
Lieutenant' General SmlrnoS. comman
der of the fortres.< though General
Sr^essel is Ceaseless In his -watchful
ness and U * frequently on tha firing
line.'' -
Port Arthur Sends
Out Encouraging
Messages.
!HL"KnKX. Not. IT.— It in exported that tli? bnitle will l>c resumed to-morrow. The Jai>ancse
!i*a\o heavily rrin'or.-eil «:ui art- ma^tfng troops against the Russian right Hank. Apparently
a tertSnt ptOlfJEttCUl of great d Inif n.-ions Is nfcewt to be attempted. The RussJaiis are eoiri^Jent "of
lic!'U:;|: "thrlr pcsltH>a> *nd retaining Mukden for winter quarters. Owing to Uieir eom
f;!ele of the wa «!•*• JapaacRC ha\c- bfen enabled to rusli In prcater reln^orcc
njcnts than Kuropatkln b^ K recefird, nuil O>.-.nia*s aniiy now oninuaibcrs Kuropatltin's.
BATTLE OF TH£ SHAKHE RIVER MAY BE RESUMED- TO-DAY
der of a non-union machinist named
Rice at the corner of Twentieth and
SbTr^lSM: 13 ' 8aa ******** « °c-
The painfully pious are n«rer power
fully so.
OYAMA IS MASSING TROOPS
FOR AN ATTEMPT TO TURN
KUROPATKIN'S RIGHT FLANK
THE SAX .FRAN'CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER IS. 1904.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 17.— Warden
Tompkins received a reprieve from
Lieutenant Governor Anderson last
evening granting William Buckley, who
was to have been hanged Friday, a stay
of execution for thirty days. This is
the fdurth time that Buckley has been
granted a reprieve.
Buckley was convicted of murder in
the first degree February 7. 1902, and on
April 26 of the eame year was sentenced
to be hanged. An appeal was taken,
but on March 31. of this year judgment
was affirmed.
Buckley was concerned In the mur-
Execution of the Convicted Mur
derer for Thirty Days.
Acting Governor Anderson Stays the
BUCKLEY IS GRANTED _____
ANOTHER REPRIEVE
PORTLAND, Nov. 17.— Henry Mel
drum, former Surveyor General for
Oregon, was found guilty of forgery
In the land fraud cases this afternoon
after the jury had deliberated half an
hour. This applies to all the twenty
one counts on which Meldrum was in
dicted. Meldrum's defense amounted to
little more than the testimony of rep
utable men who swore to his previous
good reputation. Inspector Greene of
the Interior Department to-day told
how, in 1902, he began an investigation.
Among the papers seized in Meldrum's
desk were a number of application
blanks for surveys partly filled out. In
some cases there was no description of
the lands although the settler's name
and the notary's certificate were at
tached. These were forwarded to
Washington with his report- All this
evidence afterward disappeared. At
the time Representative Herrmann was
Land Commissfoner. The evidence of
handwriting experts was brought in to
cinch the forgery charges. Meldrum.
according to the verdict, forged set
tlers' names to the affidavits.
Henry Meldrum Is Convicted In Con
nection With the Land Fraud
Cases In Oregon.
FORMER SURVEYOR GEXERAJj
FOUND GUIMT OF FORGERY
4
THE FIRST $50 PRIZE STQRY WON BY A STANISLAUS
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Ten-Pound "Sack of
SUMMIT, SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
- Flour, on the Market.
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars. *
AU\T:KTl.SE3tENTS.
PITTING IT STIXONG.
Uul DoeMi't It I»ok Reasonable?
This may read as though we were
putting it a little Ktronsr, because it is
generally thougrht by the majority of
people that IJyspepKia in ita chronic
Xorm « incurable or practically bo.
Bat we have long eince Known that
Dyfpe-ptia is curable, nor Is it such a
dllllcuit matter as at first appears.
The trouble with Dyspeptics is that
they me continually dieting, starving 1
therns«>i\-eF, or going to opposite ex-
treme, or else deluging the already
overburdened Ftomach with "bitters,"
"after-dinner pills," etc., which inva-
riably increase the difficulty even if
in some cases they do give .a slight,
u-mponry relief. Such treatment of
the stomach simply makes matters
»orse. What the stomach wants is
a rest. Now. how can the stomach
become rested, recuperated rnd at the
tame time the body nourished and
•sustained?
This is th« gr.-eat secret and this is
also the secret of the uniform success
oi Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. This
Jb a comparatively new remedy, but
It* Fuccess and popularity leave no
doubt as to its merit.
The TableUi will digest the food
eny wny. regardless of condition of
stomach. . .
The sufferer from Dyspepsia, ac-
cording to directions, is to eat ..an
abundance of good, wholesome food
and use the tablets before and after
each meal, and the result will be that
the food will be dJcrested, no matter
how bad your Dyspepsia may be, be-
causi-. -at before stated, the tablets
will dijrest the food even If the stom-
ach Is wholly inactive. To illustrate
our meaning plainly, if you take 1800
grains of ; meat, eggs or ordinary
food r^i<3 place it in a temperature of
SS degreea, and put with it one- of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, ll will di-
r^yt the meit or eggs almost as per-
fectly ns if the meat was inclosed
within the stomach.
Thf stomach may be ever so weak,
yet these tablets will perform the
xiork of digestion and the body and
brufh will be properly nourished, and
af the same time a radical, lasting
cure of Dyspepsia will be made, be-
cause the much abused stomach -will
be given, to some extent, a much
needed r*-5t. Tour druggist will tell
you that of all the many remedies
advertised to cure Dyspepsia none of
tbtm havfe given so complete and gen-
era! satisfaction as Stuart's • Dyspep-
ria Tablet*, and not lea?t in impor-
t.-inoe to these hard times is the fact
thru th^-y are also the cheapest and
i?:ve-the most "good for the least
n»or>ry. > •
t ADVERTISEMENTS. IHZZZII
J^ T HIT TIT 1 A PR 'Ee Onl y Clothing Firm in th ? s State that T T f!TT TW h HO
II ISHU I I! is Showing an Entirely Brand jj |t| ¦ ¦iKltM'-l •¦ '3 '
. J. UlLUEll UU. ...New Stock... J. J. UlilUJJll UU.
¦J ''"' •¦*¦' -in r m. _«m QD jf_fc { '
1 ..*?-.- -- , V. Firms who offer to make a suit of clothes to order for $10.00 must surely con-
i in $M / \\ struct.it from SHODDY MATERIALS and pay their workmen starvation wages.
; ? SS p THIS FACT is self-evident, as dealers— who FALSELY CLAIM to be woolen :
i •' /-JH1 S mill owners and pay 25 PER CENT to "RUNNERS" for every dollar they q;et \
\ ! /^Rfp f?t*§55F % from soldiers— are building rows of houses out of the EXORBITANT PROFITS
! I ! ." ¦? \S "! I- :^|;- : \li____. fe% ' they ave wrun S from the pocketbooks of those poor boys that fought and blei!
I J Ijffi^^^^ftS^^fc^" i EXPENSIVE CUTS REPRODUCED from MERCHANT TAILORSV
\ i i^P^^^S^^^yfl^^'^P I FASHION PLATES and low prices fictitiously quoted in cold type is THE BAIT
' 4: Kpl|lM^ffiSS^]^Wf_OT4 : these "con-men" and exponents of SHODDY PLUNDER use to inveigle the UN-
I WARY into' their shops— to receive a COAT-ing of Fleece by TRICKY salesmen,
''^^?Si$^_|S^SSV^^^y;l?^f S who are paid large PREMIUMS to talk their victims into ill- fitting and poor!y;
I ; r^S^^^^^^^^^^- * V THESE SHARKS of the clothing fraternity and the arrogant "100 PER
i I i—-' |Slfl^-p£ ;^SS^ I- CENT" PROFIT-GRASPING TRUST who fattened upon inexperienced buyers
! "*"' 'i$JiWt$:M V&& f^V * or manv >* ears have killed the goose that laid their golden eggs — as their high-
' '^ iffe^JLJ S^^^^^Si Rte rent, TRADE VACANT SHOPS PLAINLY SHOW.
I -¦HW^M JK\I &< TO-DAY (SATURDAY) we shall put many a nail into the mercantile coffins
3 **^fcif®lf iS^3%plfl' of these HUNDRED PERCENTERS by PLACING ON SALE SEVERAL
I *$Sm§ i^S^^B^^S^ v HUNDRED OF OUR MEN'S FINE ALL-WOOL SUITS and OVERCOATS.
Ij^""^^""""e^P^^^^S' ; -^^P' Constructed from splendid wearing and most fashionable fabrics, cut, made and
t i _af '%>£[ :^a :^W^iz^ trimmed in a faultless manner by well-paid UNION WORKMEN. Each and
P ft ci^M- every GARMENT BRIGHT, FRESH, BRAND-NEW and guar-
I i^.v v$r ' ' '' m: rP"» ll *'"" 1^iffi* anteed to be worth fully $20 — or your money back without a //jj^ g^ fp 3
I !\vS^j|_i fuss. Your choice and pick of these richly tailored and hand- «f H ? gink
1 +•** somely built suits and overcoats go to-day and to-morrow at the |a J3 M
I *^fi%% easily' paid price of FIFTEEN DOLLARS fjji \ ij
I WE ARE AGENTS FOR THE SALE OF MESSRS. W. S. PECK & CO.'S CELEBRATED HIGH GLASS CLOTHING—
I I Known from ocean to ocean as the best ready*to» wear garments in America. This firm's out'
I m put for this Fall and Winter stands without a peer. Their OVERCOATS are models of perfec
H I tion, and are made up from imported Meltons, rich Oxford Vicunas, Thibets, Cheviots, Kerseys
I I and Irish Frieze. The SUITS are handsomely constructed from fine Worsteds, Nobby Scotch
II Cheviots, English Tweeds, Serges, black Thibets, unfinished and Clay Worsteds, in regular,
1 I stout, slim and extra sizes—all of which are superbly tailored by the BEST and most talented
p I UNION WORKMEN on the continent. In order to create a big demand for their GOOD
1 I CLOTHES we have priced these splendid Suits and dM'j rfi (MA &*/j r/\
I I Overcoats for quick selling at fpld} fpl 1 •v"^ $£"9 ipLL»v\j) tyZt)
I Boys' Durable Double Breasted Suits J*|< Boys' Fine Quality Top Coats and Overcoats
| Sizes 4 to 14 }ears. Every ?uit in this great line is brand new " The very Iate?t FaI1 and W5nter models, in rich fawn. R reen,
I and will give your boys good wear; they are made _ SSPR®^ ta ° and drab shad " ° f COVCrt d ° th - The Overcoats *re «* lonar,
I from stylish tweeds and cheviots and are. worth VV.Rh M^#/fel Squarc ', | " ianly c sh ° ulde f 3 and VCry 5wdl gar " ftp Pft
I fully $400. Our price to-day and Saturday only. . V* 1 "" ra§§b**3g__? mcntS - OuU not find SUch an """^ Nh.Sn
U • MM&&$Sr elsewhere for less than $1000. Our pries WUIWU
§ : Boys 1 Fine All-Wool Suits Y o uf| g Men's College Suits
H Made of pure worsteds, rich serges. Scotch chevfots, cassi- Sizes I4 t0 20 y ears - m » d e of very serviceable cheviots; all
Bj meres and fancy worsteds; they are fashioned in double-breast- ||3 l|j| bright, new and most fashionable garments— cut over precisely
n ed. Norfolk. Russian and Sailor Blouse styles, are ft <^; the same pattern as our finest grade suits— and
H handsomely trimmed, and all grand $700 values. \h Rjj %$&£>k \L are good honest $10.00 values. Our price Vk K Jj
B Our price the lowest on,record w ' '• \%&&*d$ UUiUU
I Hat Special J. J. GILDEA CO. Shoe Special
1 Men's regular $2.50 and $3.00 late (OUT OF THE HIGH RENT DISTRICT.) _S__i_i__ «M^Jn«^ «W.
bl .1 j 1 • «r. nn A **\(f Hue ' ' Ane ccieoratea j^ienzone shoe?
|IS«|^ 1028-1030 MarketStreet; sS^^ia
I Between Mason and Powell Streets. ' ~ I
1904-Taxes-1904
Notice is hereby given that tha taxes
on all personal property secured by real
property and one-half of th« taxes on
real property will be due and payable on
Monday, October 10. 1904. and will be
delinquent on Monday. November 2S.
1904, at S o'clock p. rcu, and unless paid
prior thereto fifteen per cent wilT bo
added to the amount thereof, and that if
said one-half be not paid before the last
Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m..
an additional five per cent will be added
thereto; that the remaining one-ha)« of
the taxes on all real property will u«
payable on and after the first Monday in
January next, and will be delinquent on
the last Monday in April next-thereafter
at 6 o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to tha
amount thereof.
That all taxes may b« paid at the time
the first installment aa herein provided
Is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable at
the office of the Tax Collector. New City
Hall
N. B. — For the convenience of taxpay-
ers unable to call during the day. this
offlce will be open continuously during
the month of November from 8:30 a. m.
to 9 p.m.. commencing' Monday. Novem-
ber 1. 1304. ,
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
ofllce and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) ED"WARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County of
San Francisco.S. P.; Father Otis, C. S. P.; Father
Grant, Father Philip Byrne. Father
Clifford, Father Bernard J. McKinnon,
Father John Nugent, Father W. P. Sul
livan, .Father P. Coljopy and Rav.
Brother Xenophon, Rev. Brother Greg
ory. Re v - Brother Valleslan, Rev.
Brother Bernard and Rev. Brother No
.vatian. -. •
Daniel "White, who died in Maiden
head, England, in his one hundredth
year, was a total abstainer and a non
smoker. It Is believed that he was
the oldest Good Templar In England.
Fixes Term at Four Years for Pupils
in tbe Polytechnic Higb
Sciiool.
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted a resolution providing that
the college preparatory course that
prepares boys for admission to the i
engineering branch of the State Uni- j
versity in the Polytechnic High School •
be fixed at four years, and after the
commencement of the spring term of
1805.
Principal Murphy of the Irving
Scott School filed a complaint against
a bill for water for the school, claim
ing it was excessive, as the water had
rot been used.
The board ordered temporary re
pairs of vaults at the Sheridan and
Burnett school? reported to be in dan
gerous condition.
The petition of Margaret A. Smith
to be retired from the School Depart
ment and placed on the annuity list
on account of continued ill health was
referred to the retirement committee.
The Alliance Francaise was granted
permission to use fh<? Emerson School
for the purpose of giving free instruc
tion in French after school hours.
The board held a consultation with
several principals relative to the ad
visability of rearranging the school
terra by fixing the vacation in July
and August instead of June and July
as at present. The principals favored
a fall and spring term of twenty-one
weeks each, with a summer vacation
of six weeks, beginning on the first
Monday after July 4. together with. a
Christmas vacation and two Intermed
iate vacations as at present, and this
will probably be ratified by the board.
BOARD KXTEXDS TIME
FOR COLLEGE COURSE
On November 12 Detective Whlt
aker, who had been detailed on the
case, traced Sieck to 18 Mason street,
but he had left that, morning. "Whit
aker, as soon as he learned of Sieck's
arrest In Sacramento, swore out a
warrant before Police Judge Cabanlss.
charging him with passing a fictitious
check, so that he can be brought here
If the Sacramento authorities cannot
convict him.
He called at the office of the
Holmes Lime Company, 24 Sacramen
to street, on the same day and pur
chased 57 95 worth at cement, giving
a check In payment on the same bank
signed "Nathan Lindenberger. Roper
River Navigation Company." The ce
ment was delivered and the check was
found to be worthless.
F. W. Sieck, who was arrested In
Sscramenlo on "Wednesday for ob
taining- money by false preten*-*s an-1
passing fictitious checks ther«», Is
wanted here for similar offenses. On
November 11 he went to Bloomfield
& Neweil, manufacturers of gasoline
engines, and said he wanted to pur
chase an engine for his father-ln-Iaw.
He bought one for $512 and gave a
check in payment on the Germania
National Bank bearing the signature
of "Nathan Lindenbergex." He asked
for a commission for effecting the
sale and got $25. The check proved
to be worthless. The engine was not
delivered, 'but the company Is out the
amount of the commission.
PLAYS SUCCESSFUL BUXKO ,
GA3CE ON* BUSIXESS JfEN*
A telegram received here late yes
terday announced the death in New
Orleans of W. H. 2 tasters, traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific's Eastern
system. He had teen connected with
the company for many years and was
appointed to the position of traffic
manager several months ago.
way Company ami he volunteered the
opinion that the llf.tle road was op*rat-
Injr independently of tee Southern Pa
cific. In reference to future construc
tion In California other than, on the
Eureka route he said none was con
templated.
He emphatically denied the recent re
ports that Rockefeller Is striving to
gain control of the Santa Fe road,
but admitted that the oil magnate ha-1
been making heavy purchases of th*
company's stock a.* a means of placing
some of his enormous wealth where it
would be earning revenue.
Charles B. Seicer. formerly auditor of
the Harriman linen in Texas, who ha*
b«en appointed au<iltor of the Southern
Pacific Company, arrived here yester
day and will enter upon his new duties
to-day. The retiring auditor. Georc*
T. Kllnk. expects to engage in private
business.
E. P. RIpley, president of the Atchi
son, Top<?ka and Santa Fe Railroad,
arrived from the south yesterday and
is staying at the Palace Hotel. He Is
making a tour of Inspection of the en
tire system which he controls and with
an examination of the company's prop
erties in this State, which will consume
his time until to-morrow, he will have
completed his annual task. Yesterday,
in company with tJaptaln A. H. Payson.
Vice President Kendrick and General
Manager Wells, President Ripley tn
spected the work at China Easin.
which was recently compietea. To-day
he expects to look over, the Santa F<»
terminals across the bay and review
with his .associates the work now In
progress on the proposed route between
this city and Eureka.
Discussing the latter project yester
day he said that the Santa Fe hopes
to have rail conections between Huin
boldt and San Francisco bays Inside of
tvro years. He expressed himself as
well pleisetl with the work on the road
southward from Eureka^ but was un
able to say whether the Santa Fe will
build clear through to this city or en
ter into some arrangement with the
California . .Northwestern Railway
whereby connections may be mads at
Willits. He said he would prefer to
make these arrangements rather than
undertake the difficult work of build
ing a line* south of Wiilits. but added
that if arrangements could not be made
the roart would certainly be built
•arithin the time stated
, In a few days the Santa Fe will
open the newly constructed six miles of
road between Riverbank and Oakdale.
which will give the transcontinental
line an equal footing with the South
era Pacific In the rich timber "and min
ing: district of Tuolumne County by
way. of the Sierra Railway Company.
President Ripley denied that the Santa
Fe has any interest in the Sierra Rail-
The vaudeville entertainment for the
benefit of the Father McKinnon me
morial fund took place last evening in
the Alhambra. There was a large at
tendance- Judge Murasky presided.
Rarely has an entertainment of such
excellence been given in the city for
any benefit and besides the admirable
musical numbers and specialties the
audience listened to an address from
Major General Arthur MacArthur, who
spoke words of admiration of the late
Father McKianon.
The general said In part:
The purpose of this public proceeding i» a
generous expression of a man universally es
teemed and whose memory we desire to cher
ish by means of a memorial that shall pre
serve for future generations the record of bia
good work and personal merits.
His active life and th« cause of his death.
appeal to those who knew him, as an at my
chaplain. From my private knowledge of him
and performance of his duties to the United
States I take pleasure In saying that he was
an exemplary clergyman, and a laithful and ef .
flcient officer of the army. The. men of the
First California Volunteers will recall him for
reason of his indefatigable efforts In their be
half.
We recall the good chaplain when remem
bering the early days of the occupancy of
Manila. By his activity many facilltie3 and
comforts were assured the men of his rrgi
ment. Father McKlnnon's duties were ren
dered under the flag of a great nation. Under
Its folds injustice an4 oppression are Impos
sible. When he entered the American army,
the First California Volunteers, be had no
mistrust of his comrades.
At the beginning of every struggle the
American people enter discussions as to ex
pediency, but he knew that American gun*
never fired in war without contributing sub
stantially to th* welfare of mankind. It, must
be noted we are planting in the islands those
imperishable principles upon which free
institutions are baaed — planting comethrng
that can never be destroyed.
You might as welt try to obliterate the t^n
commandments as limit free institutions to
men who have a white skin, or to «ay that
religious irberty is a matter of longitude or
latitude. I have no hesitation In making pub
lic declaration that American Institution* are
so strong and so flexible and so beneficent
to mankind that they can be applied to every
possible circumstance.
I make the further declaration .that we
shall ultimately witness la tire Philippines the
establishment of a self governing people, with
a population capable of maintaining Institu
tions safe against Internal opposition or ex
ternal violence. The «ucces9 of planting re
publican institutions In the Philippines must
exert potential Influence In .Asia. , , ,
Father McKennon was one of the pioneers
In that great historical movement, and la pur
suance of his duty he died a faithful soldier
of the cross and faithful officer of the Ameri
can army, and be -lies In a mantle of the flag
he served.
In Imitation of the good chaplain we may
contribute something day bj day toward the
welfare «nd the strength of the repuhllc.
Following was the programme: ¦.
Mezzosoprano «olo, . "Merrily I Roam,"...;*
Miss Eleanor Mangan
Specialties ......;---•••- .Budd Brothers
Central to solo, selected. .Miss Minnie Christen
Comet solo-i. J- H. Bromberger
Specialties-.- •- —Miss Belle Williams
Piano solo. Irish selections.. Miss Mary Carrlclt
Tenor solo., selected ..SIgnor F. Artitao
(Late of the Tirol! Grand ODera.> |
Harp solo, selected..... Mrs. Mary Fltzslmmons
Address. "Father McKinnon"
..Major General Arthur MacArthur
(Commanding Pacific Division.)
Tenor solo, selected ...... William- J. O'Brien
Comedietta- ....'•Sugar and Cream"
"Mr Wentworth" ..Harry E. de Lasaux '
"Frank." hi* sob ....Will M. OgUvle
"Mrs. Mirfleld," a young widow....... -
..„.„ May P. CKeefe
"Spruce." her maid ......Stella de Lasaux
Accompanist during the evening. ..'...
...\7...... Ml3S;May Stein
There were present Father Smith; C
CREATES INDEBTEDNESS.— The Toaemite
Valley Railroad Company yesterday filed a
certificate of the creation of a bonded Indebt
edness of $2,00O.0CO. The document was signed
by President F. G. Drum and Secretary L.
Foster Young.
President.. of .Santa Fe Ar
rives in San Francisco
on Begular Annual Tour
General MacArthur Gives
a Beautiful Tribute to
Late Father McKinnon
HIGH EULOGIES
PAID THE DEAD
RIPLEY MAKING
AM INSPECTION
Big Corporation Will Acquire Patents
and Engage In Manufacturing
Business.
Articles of incorporation were filed
yesterday with t%e County Clerk by the
Rifled Pipe Company, which announces
Its' purpose to acquire patents, manu
facture pipe and operate pipe lines.
The capital stock is $200,000. of which j
51000 each has been subscribed by the :
following directors: John D. Isaacs.
William F. Herrin. J. E. Foulds. J.
H. Wallace and Foshay Walker.
J. E. Foulds said last nieht: "The
company has been formed to exploit an
invention of John D. Isaacs of the en
gineering department of the Southern
Pacific Company. The patent covers
the manufacture of a rifled pipe,
to be used as an oil conduit.
Centrifugal action of water is to
be used In accelerating the move
ment of sluggish fluids. The com
pany is composed of individuals who
are acting solely in their prKate capac
ity. Its plans are not fully developed
and for that reason I cannot say when
we shall begin to construct works for
making the pipe. As I understand Mr.
Isaacs' invention it I? Intended to over
come a serious difficulty that has been
encountered In the flow of heavy oils
through pipe lines. By his peculiar
rifling of the inside of the Dice, to
gether with the use of water, he solves
the problem."
Isaacs is one of the leadlnsr con
structing engineers of the Southern Pa
cific Company. He took an important
part in the recently completed work
of "standardizing" the Harrlman sys
tems. Isaacs Is a member of the Board
of Education of Oakland, where he re
sides.
CAPITALISTS INCORPORATE
THE RIFLED PIPE COMPANY
John Seymour, former captain of
detectives and for two years overseer
of the realty and buildings of the Fair
estate, has sued the Fair heirs for
$23,300 for breach of contract. The
complaint is directed aguinst Tnere.^o.
A. Oelrichs. Herman Oelricha, Virginia.
Vanderbilt and William K. Vand-rbilt.
It is set forth that on May 1, 130_\
Mrs. Oelrichs. Mrs. Vanderbilt and
their brother, Ch;irlea Fair, agreed to
employ Seymour for ten years at a
salary of $300 a month to look after
ther property in question, see that the*
buildings were kept in repair, etc. H*?
entered upon his services on Jun^ I,
1902, and continued until June 29 of
this year, when he was dismissed- H<?
declares that he is ready and willing
to fulfill his part of the contract.
for Loss of Position as Over
seer of Heal Estate.
Captain Seymomr Demands $2S,50O
FAIR HEIRS ARE STED
FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT
WRECKED HOUSE AT WASHING
TON AND LEAVENWORTH AND
VICTIM CF EXPLOSION.
Prisoner Takes a Fit.
As James Stephen stepped oft* the
steamer Queen yesterday morning he
was taken into custody by the local
department on a telegram from
Sheriff Cudahy of Seattle. who
charges Stephen with grand larceny.
Stephen was attacked ¦with an epilep
tic fit last nifrht and was removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital for
treatment.
¦ • ¦
GUARDIAN APPOINTED.—Frank J. Solin
fky was yesterday appointed (ruanJian of th-
California estate of Err.ll. Otto. * Benno and
Carl Lo»y. minor?. rej'.J'^s at Vienna. Aus
tria, wfco were each left $10CO In the will cf
the late George Cioodman.
from a relapse of nervous prostration
and was unable to attend the trial. It
was suggested that the case proceed
with eleven jurors, but counsel request
ed that an adjournment be taken and
developments, awaited in Lundstrom's
condition. Judgre Coffey announced,
hoTvever. that the juror's illness was
likely to confine him to his bed for
an indefinite time. If it is not agreed
to go on with the eleven jurors, the
trial will have to be begun over again.
A number of well-known society peo
ple, subpenaed as witnesses for the pro
ponents, were in attendance yesterday.
! Monday because of the illness of Juror
' K. A. Lundstrom. Dr. F. R. Wester
j berg appeared before Judge Coffey and
certified that the juror was suffering
Dolbeer Contest Goes Over.
The trial of the Dolbeer will \contest
as continued yesterday morning to
An expiation of eaa occurred in the
vestibule of the fiats at Washington
arrf Leavenworth streets, numbered
from 1100 to 1110, yesterday morning.
Frederick TV. Bradley, a mining en
gineer, was seriously injured, the en
tire front cf the building wrecked and
dama^re amounting to several thou
sand dollars done.
No cme seems able to give a clear
xccourt ci" tee accident. When the
explosion occurred the majority of the
occupants cf the fiats were in bed. They
were aroused by the crashing of glass,
the sound of falling plaster and the
rending of timber. The Fire Depart
ment was summoned, but as only a
slight blare had resulted from the ig
niting of some curtains, tneir services
w«?re not necessary, only to the ex
tent cf assisting in clearing away the
d^tris.
BRADLLA* LIGHTS MATCH.
F. W. Bradley, who was injured, was
the innocent cause cf the explosion.
At about 7: SO in the morning he bid
hi* wife grctid by. At the foot of the
stairs he scratched a match to Iisht his
«.!?ar and in an instant there was a
blinding flash and the roar of an ex
plosion. Dazed, scorched and bleed
ing Bradley groped his way back to his
rooms. , where medical aid was at once
eurmnoned. Dr. E. Kelley. who oc
cupies- a fiat in the same building; was
the first to respced and other physi
cians were sc-on on the scene. They say
tfcat while Bradley' s injuries are sen-;
ana there is no danger of fatal re- !
suits. Hs is suffering rrom the shock
and bruises censed by falling plaster,
but no bones are broken- At present
hi* hearing is impaired, his face bad
ly scorched and it is reared he will
los^ the sight of one eye.
In loss of furniture Park Comniis
sicner M. E- Cununings. an occupant
of one of the rlats. was probably the
heaviest sufferer. Had a bombshell
exploded in his rooms the wreck cou'd
not be more comr-tete. Everything
fragile was destroyed and falling plas
ter completed the work of ruin.
GLASS IS .SHATTERED.
On the corner opposite the ruined
buildinp is a handsome two-story house
ov.-r.ed by Mrs. Goldberg and used as a
curses' home. Twenty-two of its
windows were broken.
Fire Marshal Town? visited the prem
ises and made a careful inspection. It
:s his opinion that gas had escaped
team a gas grate in the parlor of the
flat occupied by ilr. Cummings and
filled the hallwavs and vestibule. When
Mr. Bradley lighted the match in the
ttv rr.ing the flame set fire to the gas
and caused the explosion. Some of
the occupants of the fiats are of the
opinion that there was a leak between
the v oils, and the gas escaping through
a crack was ignited.
The fiat building is a three-story
frame with attic and basement and
was built about a year ago. It is the
property of Walter H. Lanforth. The
flats were occupied by M. E. Cum
mings. J. V. de L&veaga^ F. W. Brad
ley. W. A. Rudgear, Dr. E. KeHey and
J. H. Blood. Some of the rooms are
«»o badly wrecked as to b* uninhabi
table and by noon cheir occupants had
found other rooms and were moving
out. Lanforth says he will beein re
pair? on the building as soon as
possible. ¦."
as to the assessment of James D. Phe
lan's property. The Assessor was not
in, and it is expected that he will be
heard to-morrow evening. Other
jiTors do not express sympathy with
Xealon's controversies with Dodge.
The Grand Jury was in regrular ses
sion yesterday afternoon winding up
its affairs preparatory to disbanding a
week from to-day as has been directed
by Presiding Judge Kerrigan. A spe
cial meeting will be held to-morrow
evening in order to get reports in
shape by the time the court says there
shall be a final adjournment.
Alfred Lilienfeld presided yesterday,
as usual. Judge Kerrigan having re
fused to accept his resignation as
foreman. It had been the purpose to
take up no new matters, but Juror
Xealon was so insistent that he had
something up his sleeve calling for
an immediate and thorough investiga
tion that his colleagues yielded to hl3
wishes. It appears that Daniel H.
Skillen has been bidding for carpet
laying work in the public offices al
though he has no place of ' business
and, according to Nealon's informa
tion, there were suspicious circum
stances connected with a recent bill
for $43 that had been paid him. .
Skillen explained that while he had
no office or store he tookcontracta for
laying carpet and purchased his stock
as he needed it. Supervisor Braun
hart was also called to testify, and he
said that Skillen was the loweat bid
der on the job in question. The jury
came to the conclusion that it was
wasting time over something that did
not justify Investigation and made
apology to the witnesses for summon
ing them.
An attempt was made to indict Wil
liam Glovanoni, who about eight
months ago fired a shot at Willian
McKown at 416 Davis street and was
discharged by Judge Conlan. Both
are teamsters employed by produce
frms. The Jury refused to have any
thing to do with the case, after hear
ing the testimony.
Ju3t before adjournment Bailiff
Dcbbin was sent to summon Assessor
Washington Dodge, to whom Nealon
wanted to give some more information
Xealon Wants to Continue
the Inquiry in Regard to
Phelan Property Taxes
LOOKS INTO CAEPET BILL
FREDERICK BRADLEY RECEIVES SERIOUS INJURIES
Foreman Lilienfeld Bemains
With Grand Jury and Is
Eeviewing Several Cases
GAS EXPLOSION MAKES
WRECK OF FLATS.
STILL SERVES
AS CHAIRMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER IS. 1904.
5
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts orer hex a
«hadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend dnrinj; pregnancy rob»
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-«end to all women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only doe* Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils ,of chUd-bath, but its vse
gently prepares the system for the coming erect, prcrents •'morniajj
sickness," and other dis- —^_ ..^- jj ja,
$1.00 per bottle. Book ' m m^*
containing valuable information free. JCT'^jffl Iv&uiS^M fi^§
The Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta, 6a. mT BmBSmiSjS Ek£r
COUNTY GIRL-READ THE STORY IN NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL
THE EMPORIUM. t THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. j THE E3CPORIUM. '_
i»»uiiwx>tK>wtwawiwauuuuuuw nxxxxxw^i&.wx^^ »wumw»www* *********** ****************
x r mmmmmm^— mm ¦¦¦""¦ T"™"™"" 1 "™"™^ ™»««— .——-———«--—¦----— ¦——^^-——^— ——-—i^— —-—-¦¦--— —¦^—^^—^--¦——"--¦-™~"-'--™'
x 16c for Special Sale Goods ordered by mail or telephone will not be sent C. O. D. Cambric
* Women's fancy SI ff ' ' Finali cqaaT »
£ frilled side hose Holiday Goods* 1/ The half cannot be told, because of g Italian composers' masterpieces 1QJ longclotix;
* rcgSVccS"' now on display if Z lack of space. Some and see. ¦* at tkt Saturday night concert. f a :i yard widr.
\ SI. OO Shirts, 55c JKP— ;2 '-Jlk Hackett, Carhart Friday Doll and
i S1.50 Glastenbury BiUe Serge Suiis T °y Safe
| Underwear, $1.15 y $15-00 J§^ ji^^S:
J. . Jwo great bargains in the Mea!_s A V/ "/WV A// A Voar money back it yon a:= not V^j- .uperior a u a li t j!
£ D=p.rtm«its-j«« inside the door. /\ J/^\ WAMY A \ ""^ " tls^ m , th ¦ a ."- T ""J" f1ttSS5\ P»F^ mache. fall
\ for Friday and Saturday. \\ ff • I fif | ll\ ™> Carhart i: Co.', sn» bought / j^f/t V J.5 iad , ockeC
* Glasienbury Si finish health • f . - K® JI • A» of "' ths *?£*$ Ffanc " c ° & TOW^ i oia£ed - *=* b »V*
i ¦Un^"r,fi^V 1 cunafa,tco'or, H lw&\ P^ 5 7 T 1 1 ~ W/ A\\\j sloping eyes,
» :ubwi ? » LJ * • l» Ci- mi U JL / « new thtpmenc of .their winter \J K )\\hl „„,„ _,«„.», .i*,_
?• rceu ar 5i.;o underwear, for the B tfcL»Hit I /£\ / , • I \ • hi \ L \>4A °P ea raoatn icow-
6 *cg" Pi j L_JP5*s/' I A< \/ styles in blue terge smts. i* • * \rW ;„„ ...^ ,- ,, _._
two davs oniy, gar- gr% 4 4 SZ WsL 1 V .jl. , . , / \i \ in S testa ' lBj ao ~
$ m:r,t.*. .... . I » #O A 1 bIvc Ser * e " / \\ b« wig woren oa
X ' tv t ¦ £ 1X1 I r n flm . I15 inks is pars wors::i and / 1 j . itockinei
g Men's Goll Shlrts-The ba ance of a || . 1 JF~f FT JKTJ *&$ fllt eo .J r . it Js London (J V l-«h« .&
* erea: purchase of sereral hundred fB-rtj f /ll Mil i_ L ¦ «-t. -^^ p*.eoi '-*"" •'-*•
* ' , ' ' r |« Hy ; « u I . J / shrunk, a process wnicn p::v;n:i fiaUS c *-, T a ,--
X dozen madras and percale ehirts, BR CiC ,|-. ,1 4\ H I c- l. u- .• tu 4 u .». law ?«"» Jac - BlQara
» uu«i i . , j , , j Ifl) |Ai / % '¦• i\ *f / fetther ihrinkinj. They are made by th: «*L c*-^ — : i- Fridav
£ with cuffs attached or detached, and . W j^ V «. I || / Mm , , ka i«d tailort wha mx'^ the5 2 ; «=d fffy f^ Cf'^IO
S»* either 0 aia or p eated besems c;- Q b£3 "^ fl '' it If j 30 *u'.tj, and thr style aaa ct i» the jams cn.y . . §g m \Jfj
i Arable* patterns, well m S de. we!- 1 " W I I KfS^S S 20c Ddb, 12c-l--h doll, with
* fitrme garments, tnliy fZlZg-% i" JSL l-vW?1i- ioit=. SUn 34 to 4 3, including tbt. for hair Muffed body, biaqse head with
jf -and Saturday onty,. each **.%*** J&g^^ ¥M^J mi ' " extra 4t ° H£ and >Isnder men - DouJ>Ic sleeping eyes and aide curls, shoe*
£ Mfn's FleccsdUndjrwjar— In bu-, p r n!c and Wg if T'M^k brc * stfd or 5 ' n -' e b " Jtsd C01tf - and^tcczings, ipecial Friday cz'.v,
i ¦ £ arm e n«t O b e h,datourpr CC ..5£lC *piO*UU " ch * * ' % '*°
H Mfdiim Weight Undirwiar— Fin: quaury Men's Departments just inside Doll's 73c TrOVSSCSV, 4Sc — I 3 * acc
JC vool fhirts and drawer! in natural Vicuna, the djcr. triramed boXCS 9X 1 2 inches CCB-
fc cair.;I hsir ani ribbed, ypleniid ti urs thr^e ' \xiv% lV inch doll with fia*
garment at each ... .... $UOO HoJdSy Hsndkerchiefs quality papier machebod'V; has
'I ~ 1 WTi " The first big Caristmas ofrrring of women's handkerchiefs. Three great ccm ? '<tr underwear h* c. ? coat, .ha«
H f^-y nf*F»f t f ic Z » L t11in***£ , - ~- 1 1 • 1 and uock:at% special FniaT enly . 4OC
J torOGer*B& - C quit . otJ sai:ab » fo . t u ho.idav purposes are offered a: these special siring prices: * '
%' Friday and Saturday F-"c Swiss cmbroiderei H mdkerchiefi, 15c va'uci. for ffc O#ff— -«-- • KO**
*; J / Embro-cersd all linen Handkerchiefs, for this sale ......'.. . /4c Men'S SUpperS O&C
j; Blitter— Fre*h churned cream- L lce :r:mm=d or embroidered all linen Handkerchiefs, 2,-cvace 1 . for f 6c ' Black ve'.rer. chenille cmbroidsred
J ery, our usual extra ' ' "" s"ipp«rs, like picture, easy and com-
i l^glp Boys' Suits and Coats ¦ *
v Unccda Biscuils— 3 P^P - ¦ • 10o At FOU3 9 DOfI&i*S fif» /I 11, Friday and
*. .H£*.hdnc Sojp Powd:r — R-movrs greisr or Sailor- Suit-4 Worth '. 5.00, for boy 1 u? ta 10 fearsj b'ousej / El Saturday oruT tor
% d : rr, ir. i \r iv; hinis'o't atii clfan, tin . 7C cnl ii\\ ana r.:c- v rrud-; choc- of b!oom-r cv :ii- r-gulir k^ee ran:j ar.i All jW / || i<it^r^V^ffllWr ft
K PruniS— Fancy Sanu Qin; jibs. . . £5q i'*hr: E:on co hr w th each suit; ill-woo! ch-vio: i.i tilt color, brae >i/ / yt 33 G >^5^^^5ffi^^r
V Swiss Chsese- Imported, :b 29s " d ""J r^kSu|"^J F ; f Ur\6». 5 ;\wIi l tVnaWfremhM^ || / 1 jOSM^^^^
X Baking Powdtr — Empcnum money-bacf ci, ev - ot , ; n tne new puwi and Heather m xtures; ther fit perfectly; a / |i 1^&£$gS2*9
% Par or Mitcht^ - V'lcto-y brsni. 6 pkg .25C " RussTan Overcoat ; - Sites 2'i ta 8; pod qaility, afl- / fl
5* Mj^ironi, Vrrn-.icilli or Spaghetti, Ib. . . 6C woo! cca ing, in ravy b u;, Oxford srays and plaid ch-vijt5,r.nish?dT vvi:h / ttt J
K Ivorv cr Quten Lily Soip - ; bi.-s . .15C =« c bufens a"d emb em«, unmua'.y good ratue at ra ' "^
X Jest Moore Whisky -A A, bottle . . 8tc Boys' Lon^ Overcoats - |{»j- f\f\ \\ a
{ Tab'c Wine.— ExceTent Z nfaoce. or S.u- Sizes 7 to 46 years. - - «P J.UU W TO»Day Ch.'IdrCn S
V trm-, g^on G2o Juvenile Department, S'cond Floor. jeL f>CZ~ Ii nca 1/lr*
»; Eastern Alcohol iSS dr S r;;», hot . . 73c J «C nOSG i**C
J. McBraycr's Whisky -9 yru old, gal..S3.l5 , , J} Probably enough or these to last
J McMullin's Scout, Glinka-, d«:n 5/.S5 jQ^ r + until dosing tine Satt^day nigtr. bet
Brandy- For mince pies, botte . . . 65c -Q STf C MT>i<§S t%S$J' B £ t t4f ecms early ia the day to raaks icre
i ?::?G C t r ; At 6 dozen S, f* tX> nl/JUlHlITL^ 0: getting '.hen. far they -= wcr:h
«¦ Utopia vt .njj?r A'tf aoz*.n . . • . • %9 § * £* %) M m , —^**^^^ . . r • • •
•r i- r n\ • 1X't,:«V t - ho-fV «# 9ft CALIFORNfAS LARGEST- almost doOO C the SaiC CT1CS ; IX I
% Ci3Ji" C:--3 \vn:»cy, bottle . . . of«iCC/ — -ar irwrfg^ 1 n ,, , r .» .' - r
£ Gan-ymede "76" Pare Ryr, Fottlc . . 3 JC -*^^*^ B A!«RICA-S CPA.NOEST STORE nbbed, .ast b.aci. 1.ZZ1 j to 9-.
AX)VEKTIS£31E.\TS.
S»n FrancHco. Friday. IS Nov»mb«r, 1004.
A pr^n^rous »rroirth for forty-six years and a Breuner store now in four
Fael2c Coa?t cities. ••Quality" and hocest methods can do as much,
for any busia»-ss.
Breuner carpets
never disappointing
Always of durable quality and in permanently
pleasing patterns. Beyond all doubt our carpet stock
is. the most carefully selected of any in the, West.
Wiltons, Axminsters, Velvets, Body Brussels and
Tapestry Brussels — all from the biggest and best
mills in "the world:
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareOAKLAND, Nov. 17.— The funeral
of- Mary Leilah Kirkham Yarde-Bul
ler. who died Tuesday at the Liver
more Sanitarium,, was held this after
noon at 2:30 o'clock from St. John's
Episcopal, Church, the Rev. Edgar P.
Gee, the rector, officiating. Only rel
atives of the ;once beautiful belle of
two continents atterid&d the services,
-which were -marked by extreme sim
plicity. There "was "music interspersed
in the reading of the Episcopal rites
for the, dead; Interment was In the
Kirkham plat' "at Mountain View
Cemetery. *; > - .
.Simplicity Marks the Funeral Ser
vices That Were Held at St.
John's Episcopal Church. .
LAST RITES SAID OVER
• LEILAH YARDE-BULLER
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. — Jewels val
ued at $3000 have been stolen from
the apartments of Mrs. Eleanor Lor
ralne-Beatty, a well-known society
woman of Pittsburg and New York.
Simultaneously with the theft of the
jewels the butler disappeared. His
wife, who was employed as house
keeper, was at once arrested and is
said to have confessed that her hus
band was guilty; that he had disposed
of the pldnder and Intended sailing
immediately for Europe. Detectives
have been detailed to watch all out
going steamers. '
Butler, Who Has Disappeared, Is Sus
pected of Having Committed
the Crime. .
SOCIETY WOMAN ROBBED
OF. JEWELS WORTH $3000
Authorities Decide to Deport Japanese
\ and Chinese Engaged by Con
cessionaires at the Fair.
'. WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. — On the
report of Immigration Inspector Dunn
at St.. Louis the Department of Com
merce and Labor to-day ordered the
deportation of fourteen Geisha girls
and six Chinese who have been em
ployed in a concession at the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition. It is un
derstood they will be deported imme
diately. .. J :fv
OAKLAND,. Nov. 17^ — Margaret
Smith, also known as Bryant, who has
a strongly developed suicidal .mania,
which crops out every time shie is ar
rested for drunkenness, is supposed to
be the writer of a letter received to
day by the Chief of Police, which
reads as follows:
Dear Kir: In case of my death, please tele
rra'ph to Captain John Marshall-Frlzell of New
Whatcom. Wash., and to my uncle. Mr. John
Ruff ol Marshall. Mo., and notify Mr. William
Miller of Oakland or Los Angeles, Cal., Car
penters* Union No. 1707. I want Mr. John
Ruff of Marshal!, Mo., to take my boy, little
Joseph Bryant, home with him and to always
treat him as his own eon. These are the U&t
wishes of MARGARET BRYANT.
With undying love to my little son. I want
to be burled In 1 Mountain View Cemetery.
Sends Message of Death.
GEISHA GIRLS ORDERED
TO RETURN TO ORIENT
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17. — Secre
tary Taft this evening left for New
Orleans en route to Panama, whither
h»» goes as the special representative
of President Roosevelt to" present a
message of amity and good will to
President Amador. • ¦ .';
Secretary Taft Starts for Panama.
Electric Lines to Unite Sonoma Cities.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 17.— Passenger
service over the Petaluma and Santa
Rosa Electric Railway between thia
city. Petaluma, Sebastopol and points
en route will be inaugurated on Satur
day. November 26. Beginning with
that date the electric line will run carg
hourly between this city and Petaluma
via Sebastopol. The people of thii
vicinity are delighted with the an
nouncement.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17. — The hearing
of the Van Horn divorce was con
tinued to-day. This afternoon Mrs.
Van Horn took the Etand, the first
witness for the defense, and made de
nial of all of the charges made against
her.
Mrs. Van Horn Denies Charges.
ThQ cards which are received indi
cating voters' preferences are kept
under lock and key and will be secret
ly counted. They will not be made
public. After the returns are tabu
lated the cards will be kept for thirty
days under care of the committee and
then destroyed. \ The committee has
taken ev«ry precaution to prevent in
dividual opinions from being made
public.
Report upon the municipal water
including the result of the
canvass, will be made to the City
Council Monday night.
OAKLAND, 'Nov. 17.— Counting of
ballots in the Citizens' vote '.on waler
propositions was begun under
direction of the special committee on
municipal water supply. Although
the notices were not mailed until
Tuesday, more than 2500 replies had
been received at noon to-day. The
committee expects to hear from not
less than 5000 citizens before Monday
afternoon, when the count will end.
Citizens' Ballots on Propositions Pour
In to Special Committee Which
Has Charge of Project.
BELLINGHAM. Wash.. Nov. 17.-=
A special to the Herald tells of a bold
attempt to hold • up the Bank of
Blaine at Blaine, Wash., this morning.
Entering the building shortly after 3
o'clock. Cashier Mclntyre and Pres
ident Gundlach discovered two men
concealed in a closet. They had
slipped in while the janitor was
sweeping. One. who is unidentified,
made a dash put of the door and es
caped. The other man. Fred Yoeman,
well known in Blaine, drew a revolver
and made the bank officials hold up
their hands while he passed out. Yoe
man was captured three blocks awaj;
and this afternoon taken to the coun
ty jail at Bellingham.
One- of the Desperate Men Is Cap
turned, but His Companion Man
ages to Get Away.
BOLD ATTEMPT IS MADE
TO ROB WASHINGTON BANK
BEGINNING TO COUNT
WATER SUPPLY VOTE
Defeated Presidential Candidate Re
ceives Recognition From 3Iember
of New York Judiciary.
NEW YORK, Nov/ 17^ — Alton B.
Parker was to-day appointed a mem
ber-^of two commissions to acquire
dock and wharfage rights for the city
on the East River. Justice O'Gorman
in the Supreme Coijrt- made the ap
pointment. "
OGDEN, Utah, Nov. 17 — The mys
tery surrounding the death of James
Lynch, who- was found apparently
murdered in a car of lumber in the
Ogden yards November 2, was cleared
to-day bv the arrest and confession
of William O. Hobson. Hobson was
arrested yesterday, at Preston, Idaho,
and torday confessed that he shot and
killed Lynch while riding from Cache
Junction, Utah.. to, Brigham City.
The shooting was the result of a
quarrel.- Hobson lives at Preston,
Idaho, where he has a family. Hob
son claims Lynch had threatened to
rob and kill him. and he shot to save
himself.
Capture of Murderer at Preston Clears
Up Mystery Concerning Death
in Railroad Yards.
JUDGE PARKER IS . NAMED
ON TWO COMMISSIONS
OAKLAND, Nov. 17. — The filing of
a claim in the estate of the late George
D. Hall by - Louisa Hall, the widow,
has precipitated a sharp contest be
tween herself and Henry A. Hall and
Helena Crocker, the brother and sister
of her late husband, over the disposi
tion of his estate valued at $13,822 70.
Hall died March 15, and no will
could be found and according to law
the widow gets a half of his estate
and the other half goes to the brother
and sister. The estate. was being pro
bated along these lines, when among
the papers a.few days ago was found a
bill of sale of his money, bank books
and all his personal property to his
wife in consideration of $5, the sale to
take effect at his death. The widow
now asks that this be considered a
will. ;•¦>; - •/
Brother and Sister Fight Uie Widow
for a Half of Property Left *
by Him.
SLAYER OF OGDEN MAN
IS ARRESTED IN IDAHO
SHARP CONTEST OVER
ESTATE OF GEORGE- HALL
OAKLAND, Nov. 17. — The club
rooms of the Reliance Athletic Club,
which have been thoroughly renovated
and refitted during the summer, will
be formally reopened next Tuesday
evening with a house warming and,
entertainment in the club gymnasium.
An elaborate athletic and musical pro
gramme will be presented under the
direction of Arthur Magill.
Reliance Club to Reopen.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17. — The
board of trustees of the Catholic Uni
versity, which has been meeting here
for two days, adjourned to-day until
the second Wednesday after Easter.
At the university to-night it was an
nounced that notwithstanding the
Waggamann failure, by which the
university will lose at least part of
$876,000, the work of the institution
would go on with even greater vigor
than ever before.
It was positively stated that no
action was taken by the trustees re
garding the Marquise de Monsiters'
letter. . Neither that nor the Wagga
mann failure, it was said, would stop
the plans for the upbuilding of the
university, and it was intimated that
offers of financial assistance from
Catholics throughout the country had
been made. . For the preset the
finances of the institution will be
managed bv the committee appointed
last year.
ure Its Work Will Go On With
Greater Vigor.
Despite the Costly Waggnmann Fail-
CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY
WEATHERS THE STORM
Sarah J. Dietz was granted special
letters of administration In the matter
of the estate of the late Alfred C.
Dietz, who died in Ventura County on
November 10 and left an estate valued
at about J30O.OOO. He owned the Dietz
Opera House in this city and other
properties here, in Ventura County and
in Los Angeles. The estate is willed to
the widow and three children.
The will of the late Isabella A. Rog
ers was filed to-day and James S. Mor
row waa appointed executor. The es
tate in valued at $20,000 and consists of
land in Berkeley and San Francisco
which is left to her immediate family.
The will of the late Mary Ann Chabot
was filed for probate this afternoon and
disposes of an estate supposed to be
worth in the neighborhood of 51,000,
000. The deceased is the widow of the
late • Anthony Chabot, who presented
the Chabot Observatory to the School
Department of this city and who owned
large interests at one time in the wa
ter works of the city.
Mrs. Chabot leaves all of her personal
property, her wearing apparel- and her
home In this city tocher stepdaughter,
Kllen H. Chabot, and divides the re
mainder of her estate among her three
brothers, Johnson, Herbert and
Nathaniel and Ann Sarah Bacheller,
her Bister. The bequest to Ellen H-
Chabot comprises all of the estate in
California and it expressly states was
not made greater at the request of Miss
Chabot herself.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 17.
Frank H. Senram, a pioneer mer
chant of this city, died suddenly this
morning at his home, 17^1 Fourteenth
street, his death coming as a great
shock to his family and friends, li*:
had been ill for several days, but the
trouble was not considered serious un
til a few hours before the end. Death
was caused by a general breakdown.
Frank Henry Senram was a native of
Germany and was one of the best
known members of»the Germany col
ony of Oakland, where, he has resided
for the last thirty-five years. During
the greater part of that time he has
been engaged in the shoe business con
ducted by himself and his son, Frank
Senram Jr., under the name of F. Sen
ram & Co. Mr. Senram was 63 years
of ajre at the time of his death.
Deceased leaves a wife and five
children, Frank, Otto and Henry Sen
ram, Mrs. W. Baumgart and Mrs.
Henry Gler.' He was a member of the
Oakland -Turn Verein and Tecumseh
Tribe No. 62, Improved Order of Ked
Men. The . funeral will- be held at 2
p. m. Sunday at Germania Hall under
the auspices of -the lodges of which
the deceased was a member. Inter
ment will be at Mountain View Ceme
tery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 17.
3Iary A. Chabot Bequeaths
Bulk of $1,000,000 Estate
to Mrs. Ann Bacheller
Frank H. Senram.. an Old-
Time Eesident of Oakland,
Is Called to Final Best
SANTA ANA, Nov. 17.— The second
day's session of the annual conven
tion of the League of California
Municipalities, opened with a continua
tion of the reports of the year's im
provements from various towns. At
the conclusion of these reports com
munications \^Te received from the
Outdoor Art League asking for the
passage of resolutions for the preser
vation of the Calaveras.Blg Trees and
from the California Club of San Fran
cisco for the indorsement of a legis
lative act for the establishment of a
State hospital fop tuberculosis patients.
The annual report of H. O. Mason of
San Francisco gave a statement of the
year's work of the league, showing un
abated interest and prosperity, acces
sion of membership and recommending
the establishment of a library of mu
nicipal works.
The afternoon session was "consumed
in discussion of the advisability of the
appointment in cities of special pur
chasing agents to buy all city sup
plies. The matter of city franchises
also came up, being introduced by City
Attorney Loucks of Pomona, who ad
vised the strengthening of the judiciary
committee of the league so as to give
it power to act and work in the lobby
nt the Legislature for the best interests
of the municipalities.
Interesting Paper • at « the Second Ses
sion of league of California
.Municipalities. '
INTERIOR CITIES REPORT
A STEADY IMPROVEMENT
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— The regular
meeting of the Central Pacific jconfer
ence of the Unitarian church was held
to-day in the assembly hall of the First
Unitarian Church of^Dakland, and was
attended by the palters of nearly all
the churches of that dei.omination in
the cities about the bay. The opening
session this morning was devoted to a
business meeting, during which sev
eral important matters pertaining to
church work came up for discussion.
"The Sunday School" was the topic
of discussion during the afternoon ses
sion. The speakers were L. W. Scott
of San Fr..ncisco. the Rev. C. Calvert
Smoot of San . Francisco, Captain H.
F. Hobson of the San Francisco Cadet
Corps and Mrs. G. H. Murdock of Ala
meda.
Th« closing session was devoted to a
platform meeting on the* topic "The
Ministry." The speakers were the Rev.
Bradford Leavitt. the Rev. Earl M.
Wilbur, W. H. J Payson of Berkeley and
Charles A. Murdock of San Francisco.
The ministers who attended the meet
ing were:.
Rev W. M. Jone% ot Oakland. Rev. F. L.
Hosroer of Berkeley, Rev. A. Mills of San
Jose. Rev. Christopher Ruees of Alameda,
Rev. G. \V. Stone ' (general field secretary of
the American Unitarian Association), Rev.
C Calvert Smoot of the Second Unitarian
Church of San Francisco. Rev. Bradford Leav
itt of the First Unitarian Church of San
Franctsco, Rev. Nathan HaskiU of Fresno and
Rev Earl Morse Wilbur, dean of the Unitarian
Divinity School of this city.
Slcetins: 'of. the Central Pacific Con
ference Is Held in Oakland.
STEPDAUGHTER
GETS PROPERTY
SUDDEN DEATH
OF A PIONEER
UNITARIAN* MINISTERS
DISCUSS CHURCH WORK
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. — Secre
tary Taft to-day, disposed of the case
of Lieutenant Colonel William L.
Pitcher, Twenty-eighth Infantry, by
instructing the chief of staff to. write
a letter to the officer, a copy of which
will be ulaced on record and will also
be on file as a Dart of the efficiency
record of Colonel Pitcher. Pitcher
was accused of becoming engaged to
Miss Harold of this city and a few
days before the day set for the wed
ding unceremoniously breaking the
engagement. ,. *
In disposing of the case the letter
states that lack of evidence and a de
sire on the part of the friends of the
young lady, as well as the publicity it
would bring to other persons, has de
termined the department to cease pro
ceedings. The letter is critical of Col
onel Pitcher, and in closing contains
a severe reprimand for the Vlanguage
he used in communications to the de
partment.
Army Officer Who Is Said to Have
Jilted Washington Damsel Criti
cized by Department.
COLOXELi J PITCHER ESCAPES
WITH A REPRIMAXD
The William Lynham Shiels will spend
Thanksgiving- at McCray*s, near Cloverdale.
The Horn* Club will meet Tuesday instead o.
Thursrtav of next week, as the last mentioned
date will be Thanksgiving day.-
Miss Ruth Woodbury.- daughter bf Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Woodbury, will spend the winter
in Evanston, 111. ¦
Among the Oaklanders who are now In
Rome are the C. E. Palmers and Dr. Vlda Red.
dlngton and her sister. Miss Lena Reddtng
ton.
Miss Hope Ch*eney of New York is visiting
Mr. and Mrs. Frank C. Havens In their Pied
mont home. She will be here for some weeks
and several elaborate affairs are being plan
ned for her entertainment \
That popular young county officer, Frank
Barnett, was united in mcrriage this after
noon to Miss Minnie Thompson In the pretty
little cottage that will be the \ happy pair's
future home. There were no attendants Uk
wcddlrg being a very simple affair, with Just
a f-3W intimate friends as witnesses. Mr and
Mrs. Barnett received their friends this "even
ing, however, nearly 200 guests calling to con
gratulate them. Among the many beautiful
gifts sent to Mr. Barnett and his bride was
an exquisite piece of cut glass from Secretary
and Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf.
Mr. Barnett vis official stenographer to the
District Attorney, a position he has filled with
honor to himself and the commendation of
the public.
Miss Mabel Hill. Miss Almee Davies and
Mlis Charlotte Lenhart will be the accom
panists. . ,
The concert which Lowell Redfleld Is giving
at Maple Hall to-morrow evening promises to
be both a social and a musical success. The
young barytone is a great favorite here, . and
the fact that his beautiful voice has repeatedly
and generously been heard In charity's cause
should bring together a splendid crowd at this
his first conceal on his own responsibility. An
excellent programme awaits those who attend
to-morrow night, the following numbers to be
given: Part I— (a) "Marching" (Trotere). (b)
"Like the Woodland Roses"" (Franz Malr)
Athenian Club Quartet; (a) "Russian Ro
manze" (Lazareda). (b) "Postillicn^s Love
Song" (Lazareda). Miss Greevsky; "The Hi
dalgo" (Schumann), Mr. Redfleld; "Serenad-"
(Gabriel Marie). Mr. Leimert; "Sunset" (Dud
ley Buck), ftklr. McCandlish. Part II— (a) "Ave
Maria" (Bach-Gounod), solo by Miss Sutphen
(b) "Perpetual Motion" (Carl Bohm), two en
sembles for violins; (a) "Break, Break
Break!" (John W. MetcalO, (b) "Silence"
tJohn \V. Met calf). Mr. Redfield: "I Lo V e
•Thee" (Grieg). Miss Greevsky; "Traumerei."
by request (Schumann)~ Mr. Leimert: "Part
ing' (Neldlinger), Messrs. McCandlish and
Redfleld. . ->
The busy women of the West Oakland Home
Arsoclation are deep in the mysteries of doll
wardrobes these days and some very wonderful
_toy babies are being made ready for the com
ing doll show. There are committees galore
and each is trying to outdo the other in
original plans for the big charity event.
The Little Workers, the band of children
organized to help out. in their own sweet
fa»hion, efforts In behalf of the orphaned ones
in the West Oakland Home, will again take
an active part In the doll show. They will
heve a, table as usual, where the work of their
own small hands always finds ready sale and
they will also participate in the living pictures
that are to be made a special feature of the
three days' entertainment. Little Etta Schrock
the daughter of Mrs. W. A. Schrock. who
made such a hit last year as a French doll,
will be In the living pictures and so will
Helen Mehrmann, the talented young daughter
of Dr. and Mrs. H. B. Mehrmann. Dorothy
and Phyllis Capwell, who seemed to have In
herited some of the cleverness of their mother,
Mrs. H. C. Capwell, will participate, and so
will the little dark-eyed daughter of the Joe
GhirardellU. Carmen Ghirardelll.
Miss Elsie Bishop, the beautiful little daugh
ter or Mr. and Mrs. Harry W. Bishop, will
make her debut among the Little Workers,
and, take it all together, as pretty a band of
chifdren as one would care to see wiU pose as
living reproductions of well known paintings.
Mra. John J. Allen, Mrs. H. C. Capwell and
Mrs. F. S. Brower compose the committee in
charge.
It Tfas a brllliar.t throng that filled the
rpaciotis rooms of the Clift residence on San
Pablo avenue to-day, glowing yellow > and
crimson chrysanthemums nodding their shaggy
heads above the scores of beautifully gowned
women and completing, with their gorgeous
colors, a charming scene. Mrs. Cllft, always
affable and gracious, was assisted by her
daughters. Miss Jean Clift, Mrs. Lee Cole
Burnhaxn. Mrs. Malller Searles, Mrs. Irving
Lundborg and Mrs. Frederick C: Cllft as
well as a large receiving party, which in
cluded Mrs. E. G. Lukens, Mrs. Thomas
Crtllin. Mrs. Paul Lohse.-Mrs. Reml Chabot.
Mrs. William Barbour, Mrs. John R. Burn
ham, Mrs. Martin Kales, Mrs. Edwin Taylor,
Sirs. Gordon Stolp, Mrs. Charles Thomas
Walkley. Mrs. Wllhelm Bucholz. Mrs. William
Meek, Mrs. Newton Kosner. Mrs. Carl Oak
man, Mrs. Francis Musser. Mrs. Albert Sutton
Mrs. Henry Roeenfeldt. Miss Ethel Crellin.
Miss Jane CreUln. Miss Crissle Taft. Miss
Gertrude Allen, Miss Ann McElrath, Miss
Clarisse Lohse, Miss Mary Foulkes, Miss
Elizabeth Livermore, Miss Edith Oasklll. Miss
Carrie Nicholson, Miss Lucretia Burnham, Miss
llona Crellin. Miss Claire Chabot. Miss Edith
Beck. Miss Ruth Kales. Miss Rose Kales.
The Informal * o'clock teas that Mrs. Wil
liam Lynhani Shiels is giving every Thursday
are delightful affairs and several other society
women are planning to pay off their social
debts in the same pleasant fashion. Mrs.
Bhiels is generally assisted in receiving her
gur .us by her mother. Mrs. Charles A.
Bennet.
Among thosa who enjoyed a bit of gossip
and a dainty brew with their charming host
ess to-day . were Mrs. Chauncey Taylor, Mrs.
N. A. Acker, Mrs. James G. Allen. Mrs. John
T. Wright, Mts. Thomas Crellin, Mrs. A. P.
Brayton, Mrs. Thomas Mein. Mrs. John Stan
ley, Mrs. T. T. Dargie,* Mrs. Samuel Cheney,
•Mrs. E. J. Cotton, Mrs. Robert Duncan, Mrs.
I.illirui Brown Everts, Mrs. R. G. Brown Mrs.
Frederick Stolp. Mrs. Gordon Stolp Miss Dar
gle. Mrs. Folger, Mrs. Cooke. ]in. Henry
Weatherbee. Mrs. Thomas B. Coghlll. Mrs. von
der Ropp. Mrs. Henry Bratnober. Mrs. W. E.
Sharon. Mrs. Isaac L. Requa, Mra. George E.
de Golia. Mrs. W. E. Dargie. Mrs. Louise Al
lender, Mrs. E. B. Sanborn, Mrs. George
Sperry of San Francisco. Mrs. L. L. Bromwell
Mrs. H. A. Melvln, Mrs. Irving Scott and Miss
Efflo Brown of San Francisco. Miss Connors.
Mrs. A. D. Thomson, Mrs. William D. O'Kane
of San Francisco and Mrs. Lucia May Hayes
OAKLAND, Nov. 17. — The Houghton tea
next Tuesday, at which Mrs. Charles S v
Houghton will Introduce her charming young
daughter, Ruth, will be one of the Important
events of the winter: The Houghtons have
always occupied a conspicuous place in the
social world here and in San Francisco, and
already affairs of note are being planned 'or
tbe young debutante by friends across the bay.
Miss Ruth Houghton is said to be a very
pretty, lovable girl and will undoubtedly be
one of the most lavishly entertained buds of
the winter.
By Zoe Green Kadcliffe.
Mips R. frwin, principal of the .Bridgman
Home School outside the west gate of Shang
hai/ China,' where fifty Chinese girls are taught,
was a visitor at the university to-day.- Profes
sor John Fryer, head of the department of
Oriental -languages, showed her the interesting
features of the university.
The Philosophical Union is to mee to-morrow
nlgnt In the Philosophy building to discuss the
topic: "Psychological Analysis of Experience."
The somi-annual open meeting cf the Asso
ciated Students will be held In Hearst Hall
Saturday evening, when Professor B. E. Brown
will deliver a lecture and an informal Reception
to the faculty. . . . Vt^ti'
_ BERKELET. Nov. 17.— Dr. Otiu Ka, di
rector of the Imperial Agricultural Station of
the University at Tokio. was a visitor at the
university to-day with/ Mr. Kaka Alura, con
nected with his department.^ They were espe
cially interested in the work 'of the agricultural
experiment station here.
Members of Le Cercle Francals were so suc
cessful in. giving 'an entertainment in French
at the Alpha Phi house recently that a public
performance is to* follow.' Scenes from Victor
Hugo's "Ruy Bias" will be presented under
the direction 'of Robert- Dupouey, instructor In
¦the. French department.- The date of the per
formance has been . set for December 3, in
Hearst Hall. A trained chorus under the di
rection of Mrs. F. E. Farrington will render
French songs. -At the recent performance the
character of Don Salluste was taken by C. B.
Head. '07, and that of Don Cesar by Jack
Gregory, '06. Miss Anna Franklyn Jones, '06,
and Mies Marie Le Conte, '06, took tbe femi
nine parts.
Miss Helen Barnes, national city secretary ot
the Young: . Women's Christian Association,
spoke, to-day before the association on "The
Prayer l^lfe.'f : Special services are being held
this week by' the association, it being the an
nual week ' of prayer.
Dr.-W.L. Jefferson of the botanical depart
ment is -giving a course of lectures before the
civil engineering students on the subject of.
tree* for timber on the Pacinc Coast. Profes
sor Jefferson, who has made a special study
of the subject. Is deemed the best authority
in, the United States on the matter. He treats
the subject from the economical standpoint.
The new ."gyro" club is getting up an Inter
class boxing tournament, between lightweights,
heavyweights and middle-weights of trie vari
ous classes. The addition to the gymnasium
is to be started during the n»xt vacation. It
will be finished .by the beginning of next term,
and will have new showers, lockers and a tiled
floor.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
DEBUTANTE TEA.
Concerning his stand on publicity.
President McEIroy said to-day: "If
this evidence is made public I feel that
another strong bulwark will have been
raised against a repetition of such
offenses as have scandalized the Police
Department. Next to criminal prose
cution I consider dismissal in disgrace
and the utmost publicity as the best
punishment."
John E. McEIroy, as president of the
Board of Police and Fire Commission
ers, has decided that all of the evidence
collected against the four policemen,
C. E. Clark, C. W. Hamerton, J. F.
Stahl and Lee E. Andrews, who were
dismissed from the department for pil
fering from merchants' stores, shall be
made public. President McEIroy will
present his views to-morrow at the
meeting of th» Police Commissioners
and will endeavor to persuade Mayor
Olney and City Engineer Turner that
this is the proper course to pursue.
McEIroy also favors a prosecution of
the quartet and he will officially in
vite the attention of the Police Com-'
missioners to his ideas on that phase
of the police scandal.
In view of the stand McEIroy has
taken the meeting of the Commission
ers is looked forward to with much in
teiest. Besides the matter of a final
disposition of the cases the, board has
to deal with the charges filed against
Policeman Frank Sill. In this case the
evidence, according to Chief of Police
Kodgkins, Is weak and not of a char
acter to impress him with the guilt of
the patrolman. The police officials
have said they would go to the limit
in pressing charges against men where
evidence warranted drastic action, but
they do not feel as if officers should
have their namts linked with the mal
odorous revelations of the last ten days
unless the proof shall be very clear
as to guilt.
The appointment of a sergeant to
fill the vacancy caused by Clark's dis
missal will be given consideration to
morrow. Patrolman Michael Shannon,
who assisted In uncovering the opera
tions of the dismissed men. has been
mentioned for the place, as has Police
man Pert Henderson, and Lon Agnew,
clerk to the Chief of Police.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1013 Broadway, Nov. 17.
Werly told the police that he had
been searching for his wife for two
weeks. Last night he got a clew to her
whereabouts. He armed himself with
a pick handle, thinking trouble might
be brewing should his suspicions prove
to be well founded. The pursuing hus
band declared he came across his miss
ing spouse walking with Clough near
the corner where he attacked the man.
Mrs. Werly, her husband said, hid in a
doorway as he approached, and left
Clough to make explanations.
As soon as the men met the battle
opened. There was only one blow
struck and Clough then yelled for the
police. The Irate husband went to» jail
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon.
Clough was formerly a Janitor in the
Oakland School Department. He de
nied that Mrs. Werly was with him,,
asserting that he was escorting an
other woman for whom tie had ob
tained a position. Werly persisted in
his assertions that he knew his own
wife when he saw her on the Btreet,
even if she had been away from home
for two weeks. The case was continued
in the Police Court this morning, as no
complaint had been sworn to against
the husband. •-¦-. : : '¦;¦-'.
J. H. Werly, residing at 856 Market
street, was arrested early this morning
on a charge of smashing F. R. dough's
head open with a pick handle at Sev
enth and Franklin streets, where,
Werly asserts, he caught Clough in
company with Mrs. Werly. ciough was
so- badly injured that he was compelled
to go to the Receiving Hospital for
treatment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
» 1016 Broadway, Nov. 17. '
There was talk on {he campus to
day among the more hot headed men
of going to Stanford in a body should
they be refused degrees at the Univer
sity of California as a result of the
argument with Captain Nance. The
more conservative leaders of the class,
including Joseph P. Loeb, Eugene Hal
let. W. H. Dehm and W. T. Hale, dis
couraged the talk, declaring that no
such proceeding could be thought' of for
a moment, no matter whatithe outcome
of the discussion with their military in
structor may be.
" Captain Nance has said that during
the next twenty-four hours he will an
nounce what is to be the fate of the
sixty-three men whose excuses are de
clared by him to be unsatisfactory. It
is supposed he will recommend that
they be dropped from the military
class, and in consequence lose their di
plomas. • \
A new development in the altercation
between the seniors and Captain Nance
occurred to-day when W. T. Hale, edi
tor of the students' daily- newspaper,
The Californlan. onejjf the most prom
inent men in the senior class, received
a formal notice requiring him to ap
pear before the students' affair commit
tee to-morrcnv ' morning at 11 o'clock.
Hale supposes, a^.do others who have
•received similar notice, that Professor
W. A. Setchell, a member of the com
mittee, who was pelted with grass and
mud when the men rebelled against
Nance's original order three Hveeks ago,
is making good his threat that there
would be more to come to the affair.
instructors in military science and tactics there
are onty nine at which the true military spirit
la very fully developed and nurtured, ten
vLere it is developed as far as practicable.
nine where it is fairly developed, twelve where
it is devtlcpfd to a slight extent, and on down
Mith very little development at four, little if
any at five and none at all at four.
General Burton's view of conditions at these
institutions, taking them altogether, is on the
whole favorable, but In view of the fact that
the first step in developing the true military
spirit is to inculcate the lesson of obedience
and respect for authority. It may be worth
while to Inquire whether- some judicious re
vision is needed in the list of schools and
colleges entitled to the sen-ices of army officers
a.: military Instructors. Meanwhile th« prompt
and vigorous action of the War Department in
th>; case of the alleged offenders at the Uni
versity of California deserves the heartiest
commendation. 'If it brings home to the young
men a realization that orders are orders and
must be obeyed, be they agreeable or other
wise, the offending students will have learned
the fundamental lesson of the military service,
a lessen without which all others are useless.
According to the reports sn ord°r was re
lentlv :;¦.—'. requiring that students receiving
military instruction under an arn:y officer a?
nrnr.1 to the university for that purpose s=hou!d
marrh into their classrooms in military forma
tion. This order bo displeased the students
roncerned that they ludulsed in manifestations
which, if reports are to be credited, bordered
< lonely on a riot. When information of the
sfiair reached the War Departmrr.t the au
thorities of the university were promptly aJ
vi*ed to drop the offenders from the roll of
Ftudent? entitled to receive military lr.Ftruc
tion. whirh »es as promptly done.
Th'.p affair not only indicates a total mis
ui.derstarKlinjj by th* offending student? as
i.» their privileges and duties under the eys
t»m of military training: freely provided for
thun but it lends emphasis to certain suy
ee«-tive statement* contairied In the annual re-
I>ort of Brigadier General George H. Burton.
inspootor teneral of tbe army. In an outline
if those statement* r>ublished in the»e column?
October 'J2. page 1*7. General Burton points
out that of thp eighty institutions of learning
to which officer? of the army are detailed as
Berkf Icy Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street, Nov. 17.
According to the Army arid "Navy
Journal, a copy of which was circulated
to-day about the university campus
and eaperly read by students. President
Wheeler has* received explicit orders
li om the War Department at Washing
ton to drop from the military class
students found guilty of insubordina
tion. There are sixty-three of these
members of the senior class. Their
names have been printed hitherto and
made jiublic by Captain J. T. Nance,
being posted conspicuously on the win
dows of the armory on the campus,
where the military instructor has his
< flice.
The Army and Navy # Journal's an
nouncement to the effect that President
Wheeler received orders from the War
Department to drop the students whe
had offended Captain Nance is now
taken to explain the speech he made a
week agu last Friday, when he in
formed the student body that military
discipline must be maintained and Cap
tain Nance's order obeyed.
The Journal, a representative organ
«*f the military branch of the Govern
ment, devotes its leading editorial in the
most recent iesue to a discussion of the
recent sensational episode 3t the uni
versity. The editorial is as follows:
Xfwspaj*r dispatcher report an occurrence
a' th t . University of California which, if cor
tettly described, indicate* a gross misappre
hension among c-ertali* Ftudi-nts et that ln
nSluticn as to their rUhts and responsibilities
u:,dpr the tywfm .of military ln«truction pro
>ioed at such establishments by ~ the Unifd
CJo\ernment.
Gertrude and Elmer Brown to Mary E. Rob.
lnson (wife of John L.> lot 44. block 2 map
of Grove-street Line Tract, Berkeley; $10
Joseph J. and Barbara Mi.-.,n (wife) to
Henry Hess lot on W line of Grove atreet. 50
S of Russe!!. S 40 by W 122. portion of lois
19. 20 and 21. map of subdivision of block l'>.
Central Park Tract. Berkeley; $1CO.
Rupert and Blanche Whttehead. William H.
and Frances Mackinnon to William Charles
Atwood. lot on N line of Second street 125
K of Third avenue. E 89:3 by N 1S» portion
of lot 8. block 2. plan of State University
Homestead. March 6. 1S73. Berkeley; $10
Sarah A. McKee (by S. B. McKee (attorney>
to Laura frank (single), jots 14 and 13 block
4. revised, map of block 4 of Santa Fe Tract
5 (deed and agreement). Berkeley'; $10
Same to Caroline Frank (widow) lots 12 and
13. block 4. sam* map (deed and " agreement).
Berkeley; $10.
Lena and D. G. Hay (husband) to H. H.
Sturgill. lot on N line of Virginia street. 120
W of Edith. W 40 by N 1U0. lot 8. block C,
Edith Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Same to George L. Pettlgrove lot on N"
line of Virginia street. 80 W of Edith W
U> by N 10O. lot 7. block C. same. Berkeley;
$10.
Eva L. D'.ck (widow) to Charles C. Conwell.
lot on N line of How» street i:KI:4 E of
Ellsworth. E B6:S by N «1, portion of lots 3
and 4. block E. Suburban Tract. Berkeley; $!O.
John Tu.hy to M. P. and Johanna Kennedy,
lot 27,- bl»ck F, map of Tuohy's Second Addi
tion to Berkeley, Oakland Township; ?.10t>.
The Realty Syndicate to William A. Streuli
(married), lot 17, block 4 McGee Tract, por
tion of plat 67. etc.. Berkeley : $10.
R. B. and A. C. Kachlein (wife> to Henry
Maxwell (single) lot on N line of Delaware
«treet. 353 E of Mllvia. B 43 by N 133. lot -«,
block A. Janes Tract. Berkeley; tlOO. "
Niels and Carrie Knudson <wife> to> Jose >le
Mello. lot tin NE line of East Fifteenth street.
10O SE of Thirteenth avenue, SK 39 by NE
l'->. lot 5. block •;.".. Clintun. ta.-i Oakland; *l"
Rosalie Kaufman (.widow) to Umma> S.
Rugs, lot on N line oi Athol avenue, 1«4:« W
uf Newton avenue. \V .'$3, X 1-5. E . - t7:3. S
125. portion of lots 9 and 10. block t>. Peralta
Utights. East Oakland: $10.
Charles M. and Eva A. McLeran (wtfe> to
William B. Kxllne. lut bermntns at a point
100 fe«t from SW corner of Lincoln avenue and
Oak street. S 40 by W 115, portion of lot s.
block ii, Clinton Mound Tract, warranty deed.
East Oakland; $10.
Alamida County Land Company tr; ; Catherine
and Michael Donovan, lot on N'W 11. ie of First
avenue. 15O NE of East Twelfth street NQ
4O. XW loU. SW 4O.U6. S-E 1J». lot IT. "bloc*
15::. revised maD of broperty of Al<*ine<ia.
County Land Company, btucK 152. East Oak
land: 910.
Marshall B. and Charlotte A. Woodworth to
G. E. Channins, lot oa SW corner of Walnut
and Rose streets. W 40 by S 100 block 4,
map of resubdivUlon of blocks 3 and 4, AAti
sell .Tract. Berkeley ; $10.
Thotr&s Augustus Sweeney to S. B. Ken
flel'l. lots 2 to 7. amended mao of Sweeney
Tracr. Berkeley; $10:
David and Catherine A. McCarroa to Laur»
L. Williams (wife of Tobe), lot on E line at
Chrstnut street. iCO S vt Thirty-fourth a 33:4
by E 128:3.. portion of lot 4. block 673. Watts
Tract. Oakland; $10.
L. L. Pillins and James Tlilouon (by James
B. B.irbei. Tax Collector) to W. Oliver Scott,
lot on W line of Linden street, 125 N of
Twenty. fcurth. N 25 by W 132. block toti.
tax dee-l. Oakland: $77
A. C. Widber (by same) to J. J. Downing,
let 4. block IS. Peralta Height*. East Oak
land; *::oi>.
Scott F. and Frona A. Orr rwlfe) to Charles
M. McLeran. lot bejlnninj at a putnt 100 feet
from SW corner of Lincoln avenue and Oak;
street, running oarallel with Oak 40 feet,
thence at riclit anele W 115. N 40. E 115 to
beginning, portion of lot 8. block E, map Clin
ton Mound Tract, quitclaim deed. East Oak
land: 51.
Suaan J. and Luther Fillmcre to Thomas F\
Dyer, lot 3 block E. map of Per*!ta Heights,
East Oakland: $10.
VV. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to James L.
Barker, lots 15, 4 and 7, block 4, amended may
of portion of La Loma Park and Wheeler
Tract. Berkeley; also lot 13. block A. GaakeU
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Charles P. Etrgleston to Ambrose T. Egsl*
¦ton. lot 6. block E>. Berry- Bangs Tract etc—
Berkeley; $10. *
Fannls C. and Louis L. Bromwell to Elisha
J. and Irma \V. Reed, lot on N line of Ninth
street, 1S5 W of Madison. .\V ,;5 by N 11X>.
portion of lota US and 25. block 121, K«llers
oerfer's Map. Oakland; |10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watlcinson to CharlM
M. Brink, lot on W' line of Shafter arenue.
ICO S of Forty -ninth or Birch street. S UO by
W 140. lots 62 to t!4, block F. Central Oak
land Tract 2. Oakland: 1 10.
Margaret [>. Uelmbold (by Charles P. Tells.
attorney) to Ellen E. Clark, lot on E Una of
Peralta street 84 N of West Third. N 4tJ. a
IDS. 3 23. \» 21. 8 19.32. W 101. lot 10. and
portion of lot 0, block H. Ray View Home
stead, Oakland; $10.
Julia and P«tcr Kehoe to Barney Moran.
lot on S line of Walton or Thirty-fifth street.
216:3 W of West. W 25 by S 120:3. portion
of lot 13. block L Central Land Company
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Alarrredn County.
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER IT.
KEAL, INSTATE TRANSACTION'S.
J. H. Werly Claims He Was
Justified in Assaulting
F. E. Clough, a Janitor
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— Because the
laws of the State of California forbade
Mrs. Laura C. Campbell • to testify,
against her husband, Lemuel Campbell,
when he was arrested for disturbing
the peace a short time agxj, the latter
was acquitted of the charge against
him, only to return in a flt of jealous
rage, shoot his wife, inflicting a wound
from which "she died yesterday morn
ing. That. Mrs. Campbell feared that
her husband would kill her is evidenced
by a statement made by her to her at
torney, John S. Delancy Jr., a few days
before the shooting. Mrs. Campbell
said: -
"The laws of California which pre
vent a wife. from testifying against h,er
Commission to Be Invited
• to Disclose the Inside
Facts as to the Pilferers
An autopsy showed that Mrs. Camp
bell's death was due to peritonitis,
caused by the bullet wound. An in
quest will be held Saturday night at
7 o'clock.
husband will be the cause of my mur
der. I know my husband will kill me,
but I can't da. anything about it. What
shall I do?"
Mrs. Campbell's fear of her husband
has proved to be well grounded. Camp
bell, the police have learned, spent an
hour in a saloon at Fifteenth street and
San Pablo avenue, across the street
from the City Prison, babbling in his
cups about the shooting the night it
occurred. No one paid any attention
to his talk and he departed unmolested,
but was arrested several hours later.
President Wheeler Is Said to Have
Received Explicit Instructions.
VICTDI YELLS FOE HELP
AFTER FATAL SHOT MURDERER TOLD OF DEED
WOULD A1S0.PK0SECUTE
WAR DEPARTMENT GIVES THE WORD
President of Police. Board
Decides to Demailktlie Un
covering of the Evidence
Irate Husband Uses Pick
Handle on the Head of His
Wife's Alleged "Companion
Mrs. Laura Campbell's Statement Shows
- That She Feared Husband's Anger.
WANTS PUBLIC
TO KNOW ALL
SMITES RIVAL
WITH A CLUB
MILITARY PUBLICATION
PREDICTS SUSPENSION
OF BERKELEY SENIORS
HER PROPHECY WRITTEN
IN THE LINES OF FATE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDA V Y, NOVEMBER IS. 1904.
FOUND GUILTLESS OF LIBEL.— Oakland,
Nov 17. — J. H. Boyer. an attorney, was ac
quitted to-day In the Police Court of a charge
of llbelinc Constable -H. -T. Uem^stead. The
men had a disagreement concerning the pay
ment of money collected on a judgment in
favor of a client of Boyer. • The, lawyer wrote
a letter denouncing Hempstead anj the Con
stable caused Beyer's arrest, afc&aat
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland. Nov 17.
—The following marriage licenses were Issued
by the County. Clerk to-day: Lore n Brown, 21,
Oakland, and Ella L. Doollngr. 18. Ban Fran
claco; Kronk Barnet. over 21, and Minnie
Thorn pson, over IS, both, of Oakland; Charles
A. Clark.' 24. and Mary Ferfi». 19, both ot
Oakland: John A. Vera, 22, and Mary E.
Dowd, 20, both of Berkeley.
OAKLAND. Nov. 17.— Official can
vass of the general election returns of
Alameda County completed to-day
show the Republican plurality for
Roosevelt to be 14,636. The' vote on
electors was,. Republican, 19,065;
Democratic, 4429; Socialist, 3293.
Congressman-elect «. Joseph R. Know
land's plurality la' 14,278. The'vote
"was: Kriowland (R. 18,679, McPike
(D.) 4401, Lesser' (S.), 3977. The,of
ficial flgrures show no material changes
from the unofficial returns.
Complete' Canvass of Returns.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS. - , _
You Know
That if you have fainting:, •smothering
weak and hungry spoils; if you have
shortness of breath when walking or g-o-
ing upstairs: if your heart is irregular,
flutters or palpitates; if you have pains
around the heart, in' side and under
shoulders, cannot sleep on left side, have
difficulty in breathing when lying down,
that you are suffering from heart trou-
bles, and that it is liable at any minute
to prove fatal.
Then don't delay. Commence at once
to take
Dr. Miles'
New Heart Cure
. This famous heart ajid blood tonic will
¦cure you. If taken in time. .';¦_» ¦ /. "
. The-time : is.. wheji you any of
the above symptoms.- ' ¦."-.. •>" ' '¦
"I am glsd'l was persuaded to try. Dr.
'"II»b' Heirt Cure. I suffered greatly
-nrn shortness "of breath, palpitation,
' •n»Hi*:rijir *s;-'Clls and pain around -heart.
took <» bottlfes'and: was entirely cured.'
This was two years ago. and I have had
no symptoms eine<»."— JOHN K. ,TODD.
P. M.. L'nionolis. Ohio.-; •• : ;-¦
Th«« first bottle will benefit, if not, tbe
druggist will return your money.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
? and
Glycozone
Endorud by th» Medical Profusion.
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
S«14 by t*»<U»f Dros-tsts.
Not eeauia* unleu label bears my signatore :
d a a _a'- »
. 61 0 Prfaio« S treat. N. Y.
Wrtte for free In for mat Inn »k««t I
HTPmnoit »¦<! WXCOXOXW. I
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
AJLAJLEDA.
1435 Pnrk Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
OAKLAXD.
1018 Broadway.
Telephone Main 108.'..
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
FREE FREE' FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS. •
A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
* Flour on the Market. _
Every Detail . of Manufacture
. Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every ¦ Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
• See. Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.Receiver Appointed for Undertaking
USES FIRil'S MONEY TO
PAY WEDDING EXPENSES
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. — Four men
were asphyxiated by gas at Dover, N.
J., to-day at the plant of the Dover.
Rockaway and Port Oram Gas Com
pany. They constituted the entire
working force of the plant. The men
were found by George B. Bunnell. a
former employe, who in visiting, the
plant found it deserted.. The engines
were running under a full head of
steam and there was scarcely any wa
ter in the boilers. After shutting down
the engines and attending to the boil
ers Bunnell went through the works
and found the four men beneath an
open trap door in the meter dome.
The space under the floor was filled
with gas from a broken valve in the
drip pipe.
The men were William Bulmon. 17
years of age, fireman; E. S. Chamber-
Iain, engineer, and Otto Eidschum.
painter, and a man known only as
Gustave, also a painter.
Leak in Drip Pipe Brings Death to
All the Employes of the
Comi>any.
FOUR MEN ASPHYXIATED „
AT >~E\V JERSEY GAS PIiANT
ASKABAT>. Russian Trans-Caacssla. Not.
17. The report of an encounter between Rns-
Mans and Afghans at Kcshk. resetting; fn the
blowing; op oJ the masazUte ; there, la nn
tounded. -. .-'
Aged Woman Is Found Drowned.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 17. — Mrs.
James Tettor, 74 years of age. was
drowned in Lake Union to-day. The
body was found floating is the Ialc»
a few hours after relatives had dis
covered that the old lady was miss
ing. She had been 111 for some time
and the general belief Is that she
ended -her own. life while despondent.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. Nov. 17. — Sheriff
Roberts received a telephone message
this morning from Mayer, reporting
that T. F. Averill had shot and killed
T. J. Tilford. The sheriff started for
the scene of the murder and upon his
arrival there telephoned his offlce that
the murderer had escaped and that he
would take the trail, which led toward
the Mexican line.
Murderer Makes His Escape.
Tfc« Saa Fraaclsco Nens Lector far fhla
week contains a, number o£ strong tdltortala.
Ts« theatrical criticisms ar* crisp.
TZe 'Xocker On" Is ably wrtttw.
The "Tbwn Crier" lis&es hi* whip to • Mod
tfjrpcs*.
The Csasctal b«ws U aat&ent&x
Society bows t» exclusive. *
Aa artlcl* cn'Tne Soclrtr Math." win b*
read wita ceneral interest. •
San Francisco Xews Letter.
REDDING, Nov. 17. — An explosion of
gas in the Peck and Quary level of the
lion Mountain mine at Iron Mountain
Wednesday afternoon started a fire that
burned furiously for three hours and
came near suffocating seventy-five
miners. John Johnson was overcome
by the gas and smoke and is now lying
in the Mountain Copper Company's
hospital.
The men at work on the Peck and
Quarry level were suddenly alarmed by
a loud explosion, the force of which
threw them down. Following the ex
plosion came the flames. A general
rush was made for safety, and every
miner but one was successful in getting
out into toe air. Upon making a can
vass of the persons employed on the
level the foreman discovered that one
man was missing- .Several miners vol
unteered to go in search of their -miss
ing comoanion, and discovered him ly
ing in a drift where he had fallen un
conscious from the poisonous gases.
Heroic methods were made to save
the Mountain Copper Company's prop
erty. At times It was feared the flames
would get beyond control and would
spread to other parts of the works and
it was only by fast and furious fight
ing that the fire was subdued. Consid
erable damage was done by the fire,
but not of a kind to suspend operations.
The men on the night shift were able
to go to work. '
SEATTLE. -TVaali.. Xov. IT. — The cable ship
Burnside will l«av« for the north. Sunday to
repair the Alaskan cable, which- has broken
down between Yildex and Sltka, not Xar. It
Is thought, from the latter plac*. _
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17. — The fol
lowing orders have been issued by the
War Department: Major. A. H. Appel.
surgeon, now at San Francisco, hav
ing completed the duty assigned to
him in special. orders, will report to
the commanding general of the De
partment of California for transpor
tation to the Philippine Islands on the
transport to sail December 1. for as
signment to duty. Captain William P.
Jackson. Third Infantry, quartermas
ter at Fort William H. Seward, Alas
ka In addition to his present duties,
will assume charge of such construc
tion work as may be required to be
done at that post, relieving Major
Wilde P. Richardson of those duties.
Major Richardson will repair to this
city and report in person to the quar
termaster general of the army for
consultation .pertaining to the con
struction work formerly In his charge.
Sergeant L- H. Stewart and Private
Fred A. Rogers, signal corps, Vancou
ver Barracks, Wash., are transferred
to Benicia Barracks, CaL Recruit
William E. Andrews, mounted service,
now at the General Hospital. Presi
dio, will be discharged without honor
from the army by the commanding of
ficer of that hospital on account of
fraudulent enlistment and desertion.
The soldler*is not entitled to pay and
allowances and final statements shall
not be furnished him.
Army Orders.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— All action
against Henry T. Scott, the Hyde
Windlass Company of Bath, Me., and
the Union Iron Works of San Francis
co In the now famous litigation in
stituted by John A. Morris -and five
other minority stockholders against
Charles M. Schwab and others was
discontinued to-day through an order
signed by Judge Lacombe, in the
United States Circuit Court. The order
releasing the defendants named from all
connection with the so-called shipbuild
ing litigation was issued with the con
sent of the complainants.
In the suit the complainants asked
that the defendants be compelled to
repay all the profits, money and
bonuses they had derived through their
connection with the formation of the
now defunct .shipbuilding corporation.
Complaint was also made against
Schwab individually for the method by
which he acquired the stock of the
Bethlehem Steel Company for about
Jl 000 000 and sold it to the shipbuilding
company for J20.000.000 in the securities
of the latter.
A similar order was* signed by Judge
Lacombe discontinuing all action
against John F. Harris, Charles G.
Gates and John W. Gates, in the suit
brought by Robert H. Bradbury, a
minority stockholder, against J. P. Mor
gan & Co., Harrl3, Gates & Co., Lewis
Nixon, Max Pam and a number of
trust's* and banking companies that
formed the subsidiary companies of the
defunct shipbuilding trust. The dis
continuance of the action against the
defendants also was made with the
consent of the complainant.
Special Dispatch to Tb» Can.
Action Against Union Iron
Works and Several Other
Corporations Is Dismissed
Blaze That Imperils Lives
of Seventy-^ive Men Fol
lows an Explosion of Gas
The letter Is dated November 11
and bears the signature of the Presi
dent.
I fhanfc you h*artlly tar your aot» of eos
gratulaticns *e4 for all yoa t*v» dos« la ti!»
casipaiga. and I ca-.-.ot »xjr-.u tie Trry
deep sesse of *ratitud« I feel to t5a people
o' C&lifaraia f :r what th»r hav» dsse.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17. — At th
office of Governor Pardee, who is now
at El Paso in attendance upon ths
National Irrigation Congress, the fol
lowing autograph letter from Presi
dent Roosevelt was received to-day:
Returns Thank* to Governor Parde©
and People of State for Assist
ance rhxrtnsr Campaign.
STOCKHOLDERS
GIVE UP FIGHT
FIRE IN IRON
MOUNTAIN MINE
In the latter part of July four men
stopped the Rock Island passenger
train and blew up the express car and
the safes. The Rock I3land people
say the robbers got little booty. The
fourth man was supposed to be Torn
Boswell. who. ten ddys ago. was shot
and killed ¦while leading a break from
the United States prison at Fort
Leavenworth, where he was serving a
sentence for horse stealing.
LAS VEGAS, N. M.. Nov. 17. — W.
O. ilclntosh, a Rock Island officer,
and two deputy United States mar
shals from the Indian Territory have
arrived In the city with John and Jim
Black, twin brothers, and John Mur
phy, who are charged with having
committed the train robbery at Fort
Logan. N. M.. last July. Mclntosb
trailed the men to the Indian, Terri
tory and. with the aid of the United
States officials, arrested them there.
Slen Aeensed of Holding Up Rock Isl
and Passenger Caught in Indian
Territory.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
EXPRESSES GRATTITDE
TWIX BROTHERS IN JAIL -
FOR ROBBING A TRAIN'
law has been declared but everything
is calm. General Silveiro has been
arrested. Senators Lanro and Sodre
and Deputies Harella. Barbrossa and
Lima cannot be found.
Quiet Restored in TM-- Janiero
RIO JANEIRO. Nov. 17. — Martial
Baron d'Estournelles de Constant and
M. Bourgeois probably will be the
French delegates to the conference.
Dr. Motono. the Japanese Minister
here, says _that he has received no in
dication as yet of his Government's at
titude, but that he is sure that the Mi
kado will not see any reason why he
should not participate In the congress,
the "war being the fault of Russia."
not the slightest doubt that the French
acceptance will be cordial. Continental
correspondents «of the Paris press de
clare that the feeling is growing in the
different capitals that the moment is
ill chosen to call the conference, but
that if England. France and Germany
show any enthusiasm the rest of the
nations will take their keynote.
Strong expressions of opinion are ex
pected to be made at this week's ban
quet of the American Club of Paris, at
which several leaders of opinion will
treat the subject and where also Em
bassador Porter is expected to an
nounce France's acceptance.
PARIS. Nov. 17.— The delay in the re
ply of France to Secretary Hay's note
as to a second conference at The Hague
Is due to the fact that the Foreign Of
fice wishes to discover the tenor of the
Russian answer before taking a definite
attitude. At the same time, there is
Delay in Her Reply Due to a Desire
to Permit Russia to Make an
Answer First.
David Birnbaum, retail fruiterer at
Ninth avenue «ind K street, told Judge
Mogan that he had repeatedly been
refused a hearing at the home cf J. B.
Warren. 3^6 Zj street, ere he met that
gentleman on the street and presented
a bill of $14 for goods sold and delivered.
Instead of accepting the bill or promis
ing to pay It Mr. Warren hurled oral
abuse at Sir. BIrabaum until the latter
stopped the vituperation by planting
n straight right upon its author's left
eye. whereupon Mr. Birnbaum was ar
rested and charged with battery. Judge
Mogan will hear more details next
Friday.
Judse Fritz is wrestling with a lar
ct-ny case that nenaces the normal ar
rangement of his gray matter. The
complainant is L. T. Fell, who alleges
that certain rocftnsr shingles purloined
frrrm his new dwelling near the ocean
beach were found in the possession of
William Eldon. In facetious spirit. Mr.
Fell avers, he surmounted his pile of
shingles with placard inscribed,
"Thieves may take one or two bun
dles," and the next morning he dis
covered that some one had taken his
Joke in literal sense, also several bun
dles of the shingles. There was a
wheelbarrow trail which led him to the
residence of Sir. Eldon. There he
found shingles exactly similar to those
he had lost. Mr. Eld/sn, however, de
fied him to prove property, and it is
the effort to decide the disputed ov.'ner-
Ehip that is brain-fagging the magis
trate of department No. 4. Thus far
two manufacturers of shingles have
identified the shingles In question as of
their output. The case has already
consumed much time and the termina
tion setms to grow more remote with
each hearing.
Madame Rosa Schultz of 5 Fourth
street wanted to know what the polio?
meant by it. anyway. When they told
her that unflcensed fortune telling was
Illegal she put away her cards and
took down her signboard, but no
sooner had sh a hoisted a placard an
nouncing her readiness to massage the
multitude, first come, first served, than
she was "pinched" and charged with
vagrancy. Was she an object of police
persecution or merely a victim of po
lice blundering? She would respect
fully ask enlightenment on that point
from Judge Mojjan— and she promptly
got it by being pronounced guilty as
charged and ordered to appear to-day
for sentence.
William Andrews confessed that h?
sold liquor without a license at Eaker
and Greenwich streets and then made
a strong plea for leniency, as it was
the first offense of a poor man. Judge
'""abaniss. however, said that as jhe
I x lice Commission had resolutely de
clined to license any ?rog shop within
a preserib*Kl distance of the Presidio
reservation and us the defendant will
fully ignored that prohibition and de
tied th2 laivs, he would impose a fine
of j:po. Then the self-alleged im
pecunious Mr. Andrews astonished the
court by promptly paying the fine."
Bradford T. Schell, arrested for as
saulting his divorced wife at the resi
dence of J. A. Morrissey, 1216 Mission
street, where she is engaged as a chil
drenls nurse, did not aid his case by
openly insinuating in Judge Mogan'3
court that the woman was on undue
terms of intimacy with her employer. It
was after Bailiff Hickey had intercept
ed a written appeal for clemency which
the prisoner attempted to pass to the
woman that the aspersion on her char
acter was uttered, and the Judge
sharply rebuked it. Further hearing
was then continued till to-day.
Judge Caban'ss ordered A. Spile,
druggist at Market and Hayes streets,
to pay to the treasurer of the State
Board of Pharmacy the sum of 56. rep
resenting unpaid registration fees for
three consecutive years. Secretary J. J.
Crowley of the board then announced
in court that he proposed to enter simi
lar proceedings to collect back registra
tion fees from almost every pharmacist
in San Francisco, and the court assured
him of its hearty co-operation in mak
ing the crusade effective.
Carefully nursing a bottle of whisky
John Kernan, a painter, sat at the en
trance of the Building Trades Council's
headquarters and thus afforded an un
just advertisement cf that organiza
tion which its officers rebuked by turn
ing him Into police custody. In de
fense, Mr. Kernan pleaded that he was
111 and unable to work and he con
sumed the whisky for medicinal pur
pose only. "In other ¦words," he said
to Judge Mogan, "I drank one poison to
kill another." Inquiry, however, de
veloped the disclosure that Mr. Ker
nan's ailment consisted of a dislocated
shoulder, and the case was continued
till to-morrow to afford the court op
portunity to ascertain whether such an
Injury Is poisonous to the system and
curable by internal applications of
whisky.
sum of $10. Although fully aware of
what she was doing he was powerless
to either restrain her or make outcry.
His Honor has the psychological phe
nomenon under consideration.
The forward car was struck fairly in
the center and completely demolished.
The vestibule, from which the motor
man had jumped, was carried up the
track one hundred yards. The trailer
was overturned and all the windows
were smashed, but the body of the car
remained intact.
TORONTO. Ont., Nov. 17.— A street
car with a trailer attached got beyond
control of the motorman and crashed
through the guard gates at the Queen
street crossing of .the Grand Trunk
Railway to-night. A freight train
struck the forward car, grinding it to
splinters. Every passenger on the street
car was injured, two dying soon after
being taken from the wreckage and
two at the hospital. The dead:
JAMES ARMSTRONG, conductor.
ONE-YEAR-OLD CHILD OF J.
ROBERTSON. The baby was thrown
from its mother's arms and both its
legs were cut off.
MRS. MINNIE MAHAFFET. intern
ally Injured; died at hospital.
RUSSELL, T. STEPHENS, internally
injured; died at hospital. •
FRANCE WILIi ACCEPT
MR. HAY'S SUGGESTION
Edwin Gant, from the mountains, de
¦Crfbed a most remarkable condition of
ttsxa in which he was placed through
the agency of drugged beer adminis
tered to him by the fair but treacherous
hand of BSiai Eva Edwards, a coryphee
gyged at the Cascade Dance Hall on
Pacific street. After swallowing the
beer Mr. Cant told Judge Conlan he
quickly sank Into a waking sleen. and
e in that conditon Miss Edwards
attracted from one of his pockets the
Mrs. Grace Squires was pronounced
tuilty on two distinct charges of grand
".arceny and Judge Cabaniss sent her to
the Superior Court, with total ball fixed
at JCOOO. Three other accusations of
the same kind against the Industrious
little woman will be taken up on De
c-rr.ber 17.
Teaming: to pose behind the footlights
was the basic cause of Miss Bessie
Wallace's debut as a defendant In the
Police Court. She was arrested for
persistently haunting the free music
halls on O'Farrell street, and she in
formed Judge Megan that her soul was
obsessed with desire to be enlisted
among the professional entertainers
therein- No. she was not possessed of
any particular qualification to justify
euch an ambition. Her voice was "pur
ty good." her dancing was confined to
the two-Btep, she had never attempted
recitation, and her physique was not
perfect- Nevertheless she could not get
rid cf the mastering idea that she was
fitted for the stage. She was a worthy
dressmaker when the disease first at
tacked her, and the first thing she knew
It was Incurable as the opium habit
cr the shopping mania. So thoroughly
was she enslaved that the music halls
seemed like so many irresistible mag
nets. She could just die watching the
vaudevi'lians in their various stunts.
Dressmaking? The mere thought of it
fickened her, but she guessed she'd
have to tackle it again if the police ob
jected to her flitting from music hall
to music hall. Case dismissed.
illustrated on a canvas screen at
front center. Miss Welch's voice, al
though of watery soprano quality and
limited coir.pass. soared high enough to
ptnetrate the adjoining compartments
and bring derisive caterwaulings from
masculine occurants thereof.
"If y«u'il excuse me for saying so.
Rube." remarked Miss Wiilard, sweet
ly, "your singing's rotten, and I wish
you'd let up on it."
"In-deed!" exclaimed Miss "Welch,
amiibly. "Well, Mame. I know you'll
pardon me for saying that there is only
«>ne .person on earth who regards you
&> a competent music critic, and that
prrscn is always with you when you
are alone."
"Stage, indeed!" -was Miss WLllard's
retort, la less saccharine tone. "Rube.
dear, when all the managers are bug
house you'll be admitted to the stage.
To teli you my candid opinion. Rube — "
Expression of the candid opinion was
prevented just then by Miss Welch ex
tending a sio\*ed hand across the small
table and removing Miss "WilLard'e bat
and a i>ortiorx of an elaborate coiffure.
After her first scream Miss Wiilard
reached out and captured Miss Welch's
towering headgear. Miss Welch's ini
itia! screech brought the restaurant at
taches, and both ladies were quietly
but firmly escorted to the street and
thrust into an automobile that was
awaiting business. They were vrhisked
away and their resumption of active
hostilities as the vehicle turned into
P> well street led to their arrest.
Patrolman Winzler. who referred to
the "chiffonier" for corroboration of
his statement, declared that he and two
other peace guardians experienced
grpat difficulty in breaking the Inter
lock of the defendants as they fought
¦with tooth and nail. But neither Miss
Welch nor Miss Wiilard displayed any
sign cf recent conflict when they ap
p-ared in court. Miss Welch wore a
tan gown and a blue hat. and Miss
"Willard eras attired in light gray from
head to foot, hat and shoes included.
They were released on bail soon after
their incarceration, and had evidently
Fp%nt' a considerable portion of the
morning at their toilet and in effecting
a reconciliation. For they sat side by
¦Sde and smilingly chatted while await
tnr the calling of their case.
After patiently hearing and carefully
weishinsr the testimony. Police Judge
Ccnlan opined that Hiss Ruby Welch's
J«.'lacious belief that she was vocally
rifted lay at the bottom of her trouble
with M^s aiarsie Wiilard and the re
eultant arrest of both ladles for dis
turbing the peace ty fighting in an au
tomobile at Powell and Ellis streets
last "Wednesday eveniag: He would
five th« case further consideration.
however, and reserve his final decision
¦until to-rnorro-w. In the ineantinr.e he
Woold advise Miss "Welch to p<?rlsh her
apparently, unwarranted ambition to
ehlne as a music ha.ll cantatrice.
Tfee Misses Wlllard and Welch ln
forrned the court that their friendship
had b<?en cf long standing when It was
temporarily shattered by Miss Welch
Insisting on trying- out her voice In a
public place, despite Miss Willard's
accompaniment of disparaging ccm
mer.t. They were seated in a private
rocra cf an Eddy street cale. awaiting
the appearance of the supper they had
ordered, when Miss "Welch burst Into
tccf, her selection being- the plaintive
refrain cf ""When the Sunset Turns the
Ocean's Blue to Geld," a ballad much
favored by vocalists who Etand in the
darkness at the prompt entrance while
their warbled sentiments are brilliantly
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
ccident in Toronto Is .Due
to Failure of Controlling
Device on a Street Car
FIGHT IS CARRIED TO .AUTOMOBILE
CHILD BADLY 3IAXGLED
Stage Aspirant Tries Her
Voice in Cafe, and
Trouble Ensues.
Two Me»- ? Woman and Infant
3Ieet Death in Smash-Up
at a Bail road Crossing
MAMIE IS ANGERED
AS RUBY SINGS.
FOUR KILLED
IN COLLISION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 18. 1904.
SVES FOR DAMAGES.— Hash McCaffarty
yesterday sued th« United Railroads and Jepson
Brcs. Co. for $3GCO damages, t^r injuries said
to have b«en received on Acsrust 26 while he
was a panseaser on » Harea-*treet car. .A
horse attached to one of Jepson'a delivery
wisou wti etandfrg la the street, unhitched
and «o clo«e to the car that MeCafferty was
crashed between the wheels and the cor when
•tandtss ca the steps.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 17. — Gover
nor Peabody to-day issued a requisi
tion on the Governor of Illinois for the
return to Colorado of Wellington C.
Llewellyn, charged with the murder of
Policeman Thomas Clifford and Wil
liam C. Griffith in this city, several
years ago. A convict serving a term
in the Joliet prison under the name of
Mabran has been identified as Liewel
lyn.
Wanted in Colorado for Murder.
The two entered into business about
a year ago. Shortly after Monahan
was married. He did not have the
necessary money on hand and paid
the bills for decorations and other ex
penses of the wedding from the part
nership funds.
Judge Hebbard yesterday .appoint
ed Hamilton Morgan as receiver* of
the undertaking business of Monahan.
O'Hara & Co., with a bond of $500,
and also issued an order restraining
the partner. Frank J. Monahan, from
disposing of any of the firm's assets
or collecting its accounts. The bust-*
ness is at 2339 Mission street. O'Hara
has sued his partner for an account
ing, alleging that Monahan has been
charging his personal expenses to the
firm. The money said to have been so
used, it Is claimed, will amount to
5:000.
Business and Partner Sues for
Accounting.
7
AD VHKTI SDIEXTS.
GENUINE
REMOVAL SALE
Every Piano and Player in the
Pommer-EHers Stock to
Be Closed Out.
Wbj Not Select a Fine Piano Now and
Have It Ssnt Home Christmas Ets?
Dozens cf Shrewd Eojers Have Already
Dane So. Fay a Small Deposit, and
Balance la Easy. Monthly Payments.
The new scale Kimbail pianos, the old
reliable Decker, the beautiful Hazleton,
the Hallett & Davis, Philadelphia's
pride, the Lester, and many- oth,er fine
and reliable pianos are sold only by us.
They, are included in this sale.
Xj honest man will dispute the high
class character and grade of instruments
such as these.
We want buyers this week for some of
our most costly styles; $337 and $340 se-
cures choice of several real master-
pieces, such as are not ordinarily obtain-
able for less than $550, and in some I
places for even $600. t
Ask to see these very latest and neat- !
est and daintiest of Kimbail uprights,
fancy mahogany cases, in special Colon-
ial design: sale price now $235, on pay-
ments of $23 down and $10 a month.
For 5218, on payments of as little as
$6 a month, we will turn you over now a
new standard piano which small dealers
in their slow way cannot possibly aCord
to sell for less than $350.
See the brand-new pianos now offered
for $146; $10 down and $5 a month buys
tnezn.
Still others in plainer designs for $118
and $127, and down to $92. for choice of
the four remaining new Bell & Co. up-
rights, also on easy payments.
ALMOST EVERY MAKE HERE.
In used pianos and ma Ices not regular-
ly sold by us we offer now an almost
endless variety. ;
Here are three nice Steinway pianos;
take your pick for $245, $318, $136 and!
$135. respectively.
Weber pianos, a nice one for $1S6, ah-'
other for $237, a very choice (slightly !
used) mahogany Cabinet Grand Weber, i
$257. Vose piano, walnut case, $1S5; t
Fischer. $145; fancy mahogany cased
Fischer. $236: Fischer in most elaborate
case, $268.
Several Singer pianos, $137; a, Stirling
upright, good order, $55; Newman Broth-
ers. $85; another one for $130... J
A great big showy cased Ludwig for *
$165, and an Estey in fancy, large-size '
¦walnut case, $218. An excellent Pom-1
mer-Eilers for $182. A Byron Mauzy in
rnahograny case, $162.
A fancy-cased Kingsbury. $137; an-
other very elaborate. $167; and scores of
others too numerous to mention.
Payments of $5 or $6 a month buys
them. t
Do not put off coming if the saving of I
money is an object. Store open day and
night till sale closes. We mean business
now. as we must be prepared to vacate
at a moment's notice. ;
Orders by mail, telegraph or telephone 1
will receive prompt and careful atten- 1
tion. Remember the address. PO AIMER- *
EILERS MUSIC -COMPANY, between
the Examiner building and the Palace
Hotel. 653 ilarket street, San Francisco.
fXO.^J.FULTOX. CO.
might live so-je time, byt that «he woulfl
and could hardiy pet about ' *
On her visit to this city sh* wa « -,,;„
ihmg *r.d well. C oi ajr about
eh« has no hefitancj- la telling : aU I thai
the cfcMS-e that means m much to fair
*"rJ™ FtUtoc'. Dlabstie Con-
Erishfs Disease and Diabetes were tin
to the discovery cf Fulton's CoajwaaO?
w.sidered death sentences. Uad»r th-,*
eojnpcur** -bout ST p* r eeilt now r£
cov.-r. Evi.!enc*s of Erijrhfs Disease are
«!ropsr and persistent kidney trouble th»
™ t: r r the symptora'—Sr
Diabetes thirst and physical weakness.
' '_--'_ , ADVERTISEMENTS.
| 'I
| For THREE DAYS ONLY -Friday, Saturday, Monday I
o ' liili^*& An Extra Pair of Pants Free with Every A
Vt' J jf^Ml Suit ° r Overcoat ' MADE T0 ORDER jX
Yi tr^SsttL & M A ... .£-*•• 4>l*^i I «*«l?**fi • An all-wool Skirt Pattern FREE in any K
Yl JMffi^K HOW lOr tile L^adieS I O f lhe latest shades. Bring in your $fc
Vl i^^^^^^ sweetheart, brother, father or a friend for a suit of clothes and you will get ty
,^^^^^^^^-A • an all-wool skirt pattern FREE. We have just closed out five hundred bolts
£S i v^^^ . iSSjSgy of all-wool woolens from one of the. best manufacturers in this country. We »«
£ft positively can say these suits were never bought for less than $35 to* $45 at ££
Cu ' JT imK i any mer^ hant tailorin § house. Our price—
|; *. NO^iORX 1 5 NO L£SS f
Q ; VHJijt For any suit or overcoat made to order out of this line of goods. Our making 2
9 ; v'r^^^Ejrfi^ capacity is two thousand suits per month. Fit and workmanship guaranteed jl
i 5 I v-T^^|ulS^<'* the best. We will make any style coat you wish in this sale — three-button X
: A V Ja ! cutaway frocks, double-breasted sacks, three or four button sacks, and also X
rt fSKcSllS ' single-breasted Prince Alberts and Tuxedo suits. All go for X
j jf NO MOR.E S I ft NO L *^ |
o MADE TO ORDER %
W ThnQPfUPU PI TAN flDQ Two Stores IOO9 Market Sf., San Francisco §;
W I HO dUU I Ul! rlHlU I HlLUnO ====== 1054 Washington St., Oakland M
«3 The Largest Tailoring House in the World. Open Saturday Evenings Till 10. £«
I e witvg Table
1 Regular $2.50 Value. S^Lif£ I
jfe hirer's insolvency and our buyer's cleverness. And now 55*
gp you get the benefit of it. g
M These UHes fold into a flat board. They are made of a durable whits M
Bf wood, smoothly polished, acd with an exact yard measure painted oa. U
bL Every wcman needs roxnethtcg to stw and measure on, and evsry home AR
j<^ should have one; they're so handy. KSK }w
To-day and Saturday if they last. No mail, telephone nor chD- CT
flp drerv's orders. JBCaptain of the Secret Service Men —
How did you come to capture those
moonshiners ?
Secret Service OQcer— Oh! we Trent
on a still hunt.
a'-vrrRAM.T".
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's>. 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Jlain 1012. '
: Nobody Wanted Parker.'not even the
Democrats. ,' The Bryan people, discred
ited by two defeats,, .perforce turned
party control over to Hill and Belmont,
in the' expectation that . something
TownscntTs CallfcrrcSa Glace fruits *t»
artistic Cre-^tchetl boxes. 715 Market «.•
'•-¦¦-•
POPULAR VOTE— D. <R.. City. The
highest popular vote received bv any
Presidential candidate prior to the re
cent election, \faa by William McKln
ley in 1900, whose aggregate vote was
7,,2Q7,923; the next highest was by the
same candidate in 18%, 7.104.779. and
The overwhelming plurality for
Roosevelt and Fairbanks can be con
strued In, no other light than -as a
vote, of confidence , by the American
people In the President and his ad
ministration. It was- a vote of con
fidence not alone for President Roose
velt and his administration, but it
was a renewed vote of confidence for
the McKinley administration, which
was the prototype of ,th2, present ad
.mlnlstratlon.—Los Angeles Times. ¦
NO BONDS— O. S.. City. Neither the
President of the United States nor the
Governor cf California is oblired to
give bonds for the faithful performance
of duty.
The country Is^ at the 'beginning of
a new era of good times. With a
sound currency in abundance, a fa
vorable balance of trade, an abundant
surplus, a hopeful outlook and a be
lief , that things are about to move,
how. can 'they .help moving? They will
move,.- Barring unforeseen events, the
next four years will witness a com
mercial development -that -will dis
tance that 0* the period of 1897 to
1801. — Des Moines Register and
Leader. . '
DESTRUCTIVE INSECTS— T. P.,
City. For information relative to
fruit pests and methods for destroying
the same communicate with the State
Board of Horticulture, Sacramento,
the next highest before that was by
Grover Cleveland In 1SS2. 5.556.91S.
pleats from' band to hem. The sides
and back are shirred each to, the
straight edge of the other, the flounces
taking an . upward slant toward the
back that } gives a gracefully/ modish
line, and the double row of lace that Is
posed UDon. the- hem is inset with' tiny
motifs of- the fur that enhances the
beauty of both.,* A plain band of mole
skin finishes the design, and the^tntlfe
effect is one of simple girlishness and
grace. _ .-'.;¦
HER HEARTS IDOIi.
, She (romantic; reading poetry>— Ah;
my heart's idol!
I^e (absently)— Put it to work-
The extreme of style is apparent in
this exquisite sown of pale mastique
chiffon cloth, with trimmings of heavy
real point Arabe and discreet touches
of moleskin. The coat follows the
blouse pattern, which is still in high
vogue in Paris for the slender young
girls, and over the shoulder there is a
cape effect'of the fur and lace very
cleverly' combined. The skirt is built
in three shaped sections, the front
breadth running in two loose box
¦¦•?' - - .*S ¦
would be done to renovate and restore
the party in the Eastl They knew that
nothing could be done in the West, and
they didn't try, nor even want to try.
But Hill and Belmont felldown in New
York worse than Bryan did, and Parker
failed la the West because the rank
and file of Democracy preferred any
body—Roosevelt, , Debs, Watson or
Swallow— to him. It is again Bryan's
day In court.— Portland Oregonian.
JAPANESE bonds are selling briskly here and in New York and
London. Within three days after the war loan was opened for
subscription in this city $1,313,000 was invested. From the other
two centers come reports of heavy oversubscription, showing that
financiers have every confidence in the value of the ¦' commodity of
fered. Indeed, it is the opinion of President Hellman of the Nevada
Bank, who is handling the negotiation of the loan here, that the
readiness with which the bonds have been taken up will be a surprise
even to Japanese treasury officials.
This indication of the steadiness of Japan's credit in the monev
market has a direct bearing upon the diplomatic aspect of the present
conflict in Manchuria. From the Continent have come persistent
iterations^of the belief that Japan's seeming anxiety to end the war
was prompted more by fear of failing resources than humanitarian
dictates. It has been said that already the island kingdom is feeling
severe strain and that unless a speedy termination is brought to hos
tilities the Mikado's splendid aggressive fight must fail through sh^er
lack of fighting funds. Upon this belief Russia has based her hopes
to a larger degree than she is willing to admit.
Now that Japan is floating her second war loan with an ease
even 'greater than that attending the first influences inimical to
h^r success arc given pause. It becomes apparent that even as her
actual fighting strength in terms of war vessels and munitions was
underestimated at first, so Japan's reserve force of finances reveals
unexpected strength! The doughty little nation, which has been pre
paring for this struggle ever since the concert of powers deprived her
of Korea after the Chinese war, certainly has not overlooked the
ftrcntrtheninz of her sinews of endurance. *
JAPANESE WAR LOAN.
% THE TROUBXiE.
Dr. Emdee*-Tour brother is afflicted
with a folding vermiform appendix.
Mr. Thompson — No wonder. H> ha*
always insisted upon steeples' Is a fold
ins bed.
A DIFFERENCE.
She — Oh! I enjoy playing golf so very
much. What do you do for exercise?
He (absently)— Play the races.
DURING the campaign there was some loose and wild talk about
the new treaty with China, made necessary by the denuncia
tion of the existing convention. It was stated.- for political
effect, that the new treaty would terminate the exclusion policy of
the United States. It is known now as it was then, by all who chose
to be fair, that the new treaty does no such thing. Secretary Hay has
taken advantage of the opportunity to improve our trade relations
with China, in the interest of this coast. There will be liberal
treatment of Chinese merchants and some of the obstructive defini
tions will be abolished. This is approved by sentiment here and
throughout the country.
Our trade exchanges with China depend nov£ and will always
depend upon the domestication of Chinese merchants and bankers
in our commercial centers. They seek to do just what, all com
mercial people practice. Since China first gave open ports, Euro
pean and American merchants have established themselves there to
promote trade. They are in Shanghai, Canton and other Chinese
ports. If the trade of China is worth seeking, Chinese merchants
are entitled to equality of treatment. This will be secured in the
new treaty, and following our many acts of friendship for that em
pire it will have a wholesome effect upon our Oriental commerce.
All the world considers Chinese trade as the great prize of fu
ture commerce. Our fair share of it may well reach stupendous
proportions, but we cannot get it by treating Chinese merchants
and bankers with contempt and devoting them to outlawry. Sec
retary Hay knows the sentiment of our merchants in the matter
and simply proposes to respect it. It has been stated by our com
mercial bodies time and again, and was instrumental in modifying
some of the merely fanatical features thafc were proposed in the
present exclusion law. It will be necessary for our merchantsAo
watch the new treaty when it reaches the Senate, for influences may
appear there seeking to amend it so as to treat merchants as coolies
are treated, which will be unjust to them and, like all injustice, will
react upon those who permit it.
THE NEW CHINESE TREATY.
O woman, idle are thy words,
Thy vows and promise molt away,
Like snow when spring her birth records
With her flowery sunny day.
And all that's charming, fair to iyiew,
Is thy heritage alone; ".¦/ .
But nature made thee false, untrue.
Which a thousand years , have shown.
- — Pittsburg Press.
But time flew on. as time will do,
Days, weeks and months sped on their
V,VW//way—
And time will prove if we are true,'
No matter what we preach or say.
Before a year had spent it? reign
She met and wed a man of means;
With griet no more her heart does pain.
For she's one of the social queens.
She wore a costly mourning dress,
As if with pride, yet saddoned air;
Her mourning veil seemed :to possess
The truth that love had vanished
there — . •
Perished in her h*»art and. soul.
Like some fair flower in winter's night..
When freezing winds upon it roll,
And rob it of Its smiles, delight.
And to the graveyard oft she went.
"And strewed fresh flowers upoii his
bier.
And there oft many hours she spent
Beside the grave of him so dear.
While tears fell streaming from her
eyes
To her this life seemed not worth
livin'; > , .
She breathed those deep and heartfelt
sighs,
And raised her_eyes as if to heaven.
"And I shall never wed again,"
She vowed, a thousand Hint's, and
more; v
"And ever while I'm hale and sane
Shall I his cherished name adore.
For he was faithful as could be,
No jealous thought nor wrong he
knew;
He lived and toiled for only me.
Oh, vanished love, a long adieu."
HER husband died," she wildly wept
And anguish seemed her heart to
break.
A cloud across her young hopes crept,
She prayed that death her, too, should
take. •
"Oh, he waft good; oh, he was kind,"
She breathed In accents sad and low,
"His like on earth you cannot find.
His death to me's a 1 deadly blow.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION,
THE
YOUNG
WIDOW,
"But not when duty means a lifetime
of regret."
"Clarence is very kind," she said fal
teringly. "Mother says that in time — "
"You will come to love him dearly,"
he finished for her. "It's the old ar
gument, trotted out every time a girl
is laid a sacrifice, upon* the altar of
Mammon. Do you think you .will ever
learn to love him?"
"You are very cruel." she said with
a little break in her voice.
He laughed harshly. "And what
may be said of you?" he demanded.
"We have been sweethearts since we
were children. I have a fair income
and a name that has never^ been tar
nished. Our tastes are congenial, our
opinions are the same, we love each
ether, yet, because, a good-natured,
The issue presented is exactly the same as that already made
the object of Federal attention and expenditure in the Mississippi
River and its valley. When that stream flows over its banksand the
scouring; force of its current is destroyed, its channel fills with silt
and the water that should scour it is spread over vast tracts of agri
cultural land to its destruction. In the rectification of the Mississippi
many States are concerned, with vast interest in its navigation and
with millions of acres at the mercy of its overflow. , The combined
political power of those States has been used in the creation of a
permanent 'Federal commission, to which millions of dollars are
appropriated by Congjess to be spent in works for the control of
the river, and the protection of lands from its floods.
The river problem in California is exactly the same. It is a
problem of navigability and flood protection. The principle which
justifies Federal appropriation for the Mississippi also justifies it
for the two great rivers of California. If rectified to protect naviga
tion, of necessity the lands now destroyed by floods will be reclaimed
from that danger. Mr. McKinlay, Congressman-elect, has already
perfected an agreement with our members and Senators to make
this the leading work of their term. Representing them all, he has
consulted with the land owners and the river men, and will make
the report of the engineers now at work on the problem the basis
of the movement to be made upon Congress.
This State is one only, while the Mississippi has many to work
for it. But this is a new California. We have a member of the
Cabinet in Mr. Metcalf. who is thoroughly familiar with the whole
subject, and we have a solid delegation in Congress of the dominant
party, and a happy state of- almost unanimous political agreement
among our people. The time and circumstances are propitious. Our
members of Congress will make themselves masters of the subject
as it is treated in the forthcoming report of the engineers. Two of
these. Richardson of Louisiana and Dabney of Mississippi, are fa
miliar with the like conditions in the Mississippi River, and their
study of our needs is in the light of experience in the larger prob
lem.
It is a maxim of engineering that anything can be done with the
money to do it. Proof of this was furnished when our first overland
railways were built, accomplishing what was thought impossible.
Xew proof has been added by the construction of the Lucin cut-off
across Great Salt Lake, one of the stupendous engineering feats of
the present century. The Alpine tunnels and the vast reclamations
made from the ocean by Holland all verify the maxim. Our river
problem does not cover a great field, but it involves great engineering
feats that can be effected by money. The Mississippi reclamation
has led the way. To make it there had to be present, first,- the
necessity, and then the political power to get the funds. We have
the demonstrated necessity, and we want the money, and with our
whole delegation and a member of the Cabinet out for the money,
it must come some time, the sooner the better.
The Call invites the united support of the press of the State
to procure this appropriation from the next Congress. The rectifica
tion of our rivers concerns the whole State. When the lands that
they now destroy by floods are protected it means the addition of
taxable property in land and an increase in the general wealth. It
means more merchandise for export, more business for steamboats,
railroads and ocean carriers, and more independence and space for
homes and competence for people. Its economic value to the State
is not susceptible of everestimate. Push the work along and help
our Congressmen to accomplish it.
RECLAMATION AND NAVIGATION.^
THE GALL has exclusively published the result of the '• con
ference held 'here since the election upon the subject of the rec
tification of the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers, the protec
tion of thrir navigability, and the safeguarding of the valley lands
from the devastating floods which raise obstructions to navigation
and at ihc same time destroy crops and the fertility of lands which
need to use the navigability of the streams.
• • ¦ *
With University Club again the
scene, and Miss Quinan again the motif,
another delightful luncheon was given
yesterday by Mrs. Edward Pringle and
Miss Frances Moore.
This day the prevailing shade was
pink, bridesmaid roses and dainty can
delabra giving a rose-colored hue to all
surrounding?.
Gathered abr it the board with Miss
t Mr. and Mrs. John C. Wilson are now
"at sea," en route to the Mediterranean,
later to automobile a portion of the Eu
ropean continent.
Miss Gertrude Dutton will be the
guest of honor at a. dinner given by
Thomas Barbour.
The affair will take place in the Bo
hemian Club on November 21, and is
one of the many ante-nuptial events
that have been prepared for Miss "Dut
tqn, who is soon to wed.
Mrs. James M. Goewey will entertain
Miss Grace Llewellyn" Jones at dinner
in the Palm Garden on Monday even
ing, November 21. /
Other guests will be Mrs. Llewellyn
Jones, Mrs. George McAneny, Captain
Howland and Paul Kosakevitch, Rus
sian Consul.
Determined to make the closing days
of Miss Quinan's visit as delightful as
possible, Mrs. Chenery and Miss Pat
ton spared no pains.
The table, a large round one, was
beautifully dressed in shades of yellow
and brown, the one gracefully merging
into the other with most artistic ef
fect. This was accomplished by a clev
er arrangement of chrysanthemums
and grape leaves, the culminating 1
touch given by delicate yellow silk
Japanese lanterns, glowing softly.
This occasion will long be memora
ble to Miss Quinan, even though she
has been the recipient of extreme at
tention during her California visit.
Those who were bidden to this pretty
feast were Miss Quinan. Mrs. Henry
Foster Dutton. Mrs. Alfred Baker
Spalding, Mrs. Samuel Boardman, Mrs.
Ferdinand Stephenson. Mrs. i John
Rogers Clark, Mrs. Willard Drown,
Mrs. Charles Grimwood, Mrs. Frank
Findley, Mrs. Edward Pond, Mrs.
Ralph Hart, Mrs. Edward Schmiedell,
Mrs. Henry Clarence Breedon. Mrs.
Grant Selfridge, Pringle.
Although given in .the nature of a
farewell to Miss Quinan, who will leave
us on the 25th. "still, in spite of the
"many regrets expressed on her coming
departure, there was a, decided air of
merriment uppermost. J
Thejuncheon given by Mrs., Leonard
Chenery and Miss Patton at the Uni
versity Club on Wednesday was one of
the most elaborate and delightful of
the year.
¥ T'S horribly improper to sit out
• • j three dances with the same
I man," remarked Miss Milling
* Ion, though she did net offer to
abandon her comfortably posi
tion in the cozy corner.
"A most proper— and delightful—im
propriety," declared Tanner, "provid
ing, of course, that I am the one man."
"They will be saying that 'we are en
gaged," hinted Miss MilHngton.
"Heaven forfend that they speak not
the truth," he answered, keeping his
eyes fixed upon the vista of the ball
room showing through the arched door
way.
"But v.e are not!"
"It's not my fault," he said humbly.
"I should say not," she retorted sar
castically. "'To propose three times in
one evening!"
"Four," corrected Tanner comforta
bly. "I think I just proposed again."
"I don't remember,", she protested.
"Maybe not," he agreed. "I've got
so in the habit of it tnat I guess . I
am growing stale. I thought I said
something about hoping that they,
spoke the truth when they said we
were engaged."
"Ob. that," she said with infinite
scorn.
"I can't give you one out . of 'The
Lover's Handy Manual' every time,"
he apologized. "I'm saving those up
for grand occasions."
" 'Out of the fullness of the heart the
mouth speaketh.' " she quoted lightly.
"Not always," he urged. ' Sometimes
I can't say a word."
"And, other times. I wish you
couln't," she finished cruelly.
"How would you like California for
a honeymoon?" he asked irrelevantly.
"It would all depend," she laughed.
"I 'think I prefer Europe. I detest
trains."
"So do I." he answered with a re
lapse into lightness, "in a ballroom.
Stepped on Mrs. Bascom's and she
looked at me as though I was a train
robber and not merely a wrecker."
"Is one worse than the other?!' she
demanded.
"I don't know," he admitted. "I had
to say something."
"Yes?" she asked with a rising in
flection that conveyed a negative.
"You see," he argued to save his
ground, . "if you're wrecked you may
lose your life, but you won't mind it. If
you are robbed you lose your money
and you do."
"Is money more important than life?"
she exclaimed.
"Some people appear to think so,"
he said pointedly.
She laid a gloved hand upon his arm.
"See here, Dick," she said pleading
ly, "don't think I am going to accept
Clarence Stone for his money!"
"Are you marrying him because you
love him?" he asked, turning that he
mighjt look straight into her eyes.
She tried to meet his glance 1 , but her
lashes fell.
"Dick," she called softly, but not so
low that his quick ears did not catch
the words. He turned* and came to
ward her. " Every instant he remained
was exquisite torture, and he chafed at
the delay, yet even now her . slightest
word was a command. "Dick," she
said softly, as he bent his head, "I
don't think a trip to California would
make a bad honeymoon."
She was smiling at him as she bad
smiled in the early evening, but now
there was a new light of tenderness in
her eyes. His face glowed with hope.
"There's luck in odd numbers," he
cried. "I've already proposed four
times. For a fifth time, will you marry
me, sweetheart?"
He bent his head so low to catch her
answer that her lips brushed his cheek
as she whispered "Yes." — Copyright,
1904, by E. W. Sargent.
"Until your father died," he per
sisted, "she spent every cent he could
earn. That's why she has no more
now."
"Mother can't help — " she began.
"I don't ask her to,"' he broke in
willfully • misunderstanding: her. "I
leave to-morrow for California to take
over the Santa Mana vineyard. It's
going to be hard sledding at the start,
but I can s keep a wife in comfort, and
I hoped that you would cdme with
me."
"You are going West to-morrow?"
she cried, startled out of her pose.
. "And alone," he said simply. "I had
hoped for your love and sympathy.
At any rate I could stand the uncer
tainty here no longer. All my money
is tied up i^ the vineyards now, and I
can't afford to come back East and
hang around."
"Did you suppose I could leave so
soon?" she asked.
"You won't need more than you have
to go out there," he explained. "You
cculd pack up in the morning, be mar
ried in the afternoon and leave in the
evening."
"Of all the ridiculous things!" she
exclaimed.
"It isn't Ridiculous," he said soberly.
"I can't stand this sort of thing any
longer." j
Without warning he clasped her close.
For a moment she felt the pressure of
his lips against hers, the tightening of
his powerful arms, then without a word
he rose and walked quickly toward the
door that she misrht not see how he
was suffering.
foolish newly arrived wishes you for
his house and is willing to pay for
you Just as he paid for that Whistler
he bought last summer — and he will
appreciate you just about as" much as
h? can the painting — you must marry
him."..
"Mother is not rich," she said fal
teringly.
"She has an income of ten thousand
dollars a year,*' he declared. "If^he
would, she could live within that in
come in entire comfort."
"But until papa died—" she said
softly.
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Tryon. with their
sjon, Lorin Tryon, are horne from a trip
including the Eastern States. Canada
and the St. Louis Fair.
Mrs. McAlexander, 'wife of Captain
McAlexander, stationed at Angel
Island, has been residing at the Cum
berland for several weeks, but will re
turn to her home in a few days.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Sherman,
Miss Jennie E. Sherman and C. Hoyt
Sherman have returned to town from a
seven weeks* visit to the exposition
and other Eastern cities. They also
traveled about Canada.
The hop was one of many social
events that have been arranged for
the visitor, who has been much of a
favorite.
Miss Collins has been visiting Mrs.
F. R Zahm through the summer and
will soon leave for her Eastern home.
A pleasant military affair vas re
cently given at Mare Island In honor
cf Miss Courtney Collins of New York.
The Bachelors" Mess were hosts and
the affair was a hop.
A St. Louis wedding which concern*
&an Franciscans is that of Mrs. Elsie
Cosby Hall and Samuel Lynes Bar
bour of Hartford, Conn.
The bride is a daughter of General
and Mrs, George Blake Cosby.
Mrs. Robert P. Troy was "at home"
yesterday at her Bush-street residence.
Next Thursday will also be a recep
tion day with Mrs. Troy.
San Francisco, always responsive to
the calls of charity, is devoting special
attention to It at this season.
To-day and to-morrow there will be
a sale of various articles for the char
ity fund of the First Unitarian Church,
there is the benefit for the Woman's
Exchange' at the Tivoli next Tuesday
night, and on December 21 there will
be a large affair at the St. Francis.
The San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children will be the bene
ficiary on this date — a charity ball to b«
given. Mrs. George Sperry. Mrs. Her
bert Lew and Mrs. Edgar F. Preston
have been constituted a committee of
invitation.
Miss Mabef Watkins and Miss Etelka
Williar Were guests in whose honor an
informal dinner was given by Miss
Draper last Tuesday evening.
Mrs. Frederick Spencer Palmer will
be hostess at a tea on December^, at
her Green street home.
Quinan — this very popular maid — were:
Mrs. Pringlc. .Miss Moore. Mrs. Willis
Polk, Mrs. Lilly, Mrs. George Newhaii.
Mrs. Harry Poett, Mr?. Percy Moore.
Mrs. Howard, Miss Emily Wilson, Misfl
Marie Josselyn. Miss Carolan.
"You don't understand."- she . said
pleadingly. "You see— — "
"That;s the trouble," he broke in im
petuously. "I see all too well. You are
going to marr^c him because you feel
that you have to, because you are
afraid to face your mother and tell her
that -you will not marry merely for
money." .
"You put it bo" crudely," she com
plained.
"Does it gild the pill," he said bit
terly, '.'to nretend that you owe it to
your mother to accept this most ad
vantageuos match she has made for
you?"
''We owe a duty to our parents," she
insisted. ¦ ,
BY EPES W. SARGENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOinS D. Sl'HECKELS - • Proprietor
- DDRE£S AL j, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN* MeXAUGHT : Manager
rvEL:r.\rioN^FFicE third and market streets, sax francisco
S FRIDAT. * - • • .NOVEMBER 18, 1004
PERSIFLAGE AND PERSUASION
TH E SAX FRANCISCO CALtg FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 18, 19W.
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
f -DICK'-' SHE CALLED 'VERY I
SOFTLY, j
8Roof -Repalrinc Ordinance
The Supervisors' Fire Committee
yesterday postponed final action until
next Wednesday on the proposed or
dinance regulating the repair of roofs
on modified lines.
. The_ committee recommended the
passage of the bills providing for the
Issuance of 225 fire passes and for the
disposal of six horses unfit for use ln
the fire department.
The committee will also take tip the
ordinance providing for concrete steel
construction and notified all persons
interested to be present next Wednes
day at 11 a. m.
WASHINGTON, Not. 17.— Prince
Fuahimi to-day visited Mount Vernon,
placed & wreath on the tomb of Waah
loffton and planted a tree on the old
estate of the first President. The trip
there and back wu made on the
President's yacht, the Sylph. The
Prince took luncheon on board on the
return trip.
As he entered and left tha navy
yard the marines gave him the pre
scribed honors, and be was given the
royal salute of twenty-one guns while
two hundred blue jackets on the Hart
ford stood In the rigging.
The wreath placed on the tomb was
of large size and made of Crysanthe
mums, the national flower of Japan.
As four orderlies from the Marine
barracks placed the wreath between
the tombs of Geort*e and - Martha
"Washington, the Prince and hla party
remained outside with heads un
covered. The Prince did not enter
the tomb. The planting of the tree
was then begun, the Prince himself
thro wins; several spadefuls of earth
on the Japanese maple which will
mark his visit *
The Prince was the riiest to-clght
at an elaborate dinner at the Arling
ton, given him by Mr. Hlokl, the
charge d'affalrs of the Spanish lega
tion.
The Prince and his party will leave
here to-morrow for St. Louis, ac
companied by Colonel Symonds and
Third Assistant Secretary of State
Peirce.
EepresentatiTe of Mikado
Plants Japanese Maples on
Estate of Nation's Father
MARINES FTRE SALUTE
Prince Makes Trip to Mount
. Vemon and Places Wreath
on Tomb of Washington,
FOSHIMI VISITS
HALLOWED SPOT
Brnefit for Seamen.
A tea will be given for the benefit
of the Seamen's Institute. at the resi
dence of Miss Forbes, northwest cor
ner of PltK and, Franklin streets, this
aftprnoorx-and to-night.
$3.00 Round Trip, Satorday to
Monday.
Tfc* above low rate alTords a splendid chance'
to vteit rr« of California's greatest winter re
ports. Pleasure 1* king at Fanta Crux, and
*ncial club* and oth»T crrasixations will find
it an Ideal place at which to sp«nd the end
cf the week.. Military band concerts Satur
days and Sunday* on the beach, mammoth ca
•ino, pleasure pier, boating, fishingr. »urf bath- >
Ing. also hot salt water and plunge baths.
Beautiful drives alonx the t*ach or anions th«,
Tree* and flower*., and a delightful climate,
cua*h'.ny and warm. Tickets on sale Saturdaj-s
at Third and Townsend stress depot. 613 Mar
ket nr«»t and at ferry landing, foot Of Mar
i.»t »tr»et. •
WILIj NOT ADMITTBD. — Jn<J*» Kerrigan
yesterday denied the petition . for- the admis
sion of the will of Paul BouyBsou to probate,
but appointed Jean Bouyssou, father of the de
ceased, administrator with bonds of $10,4(0,
NEW POWER COMPANY.— Articles of In
corporation w«re filed yesterday by tha Ixxin
Lake Water and Power Company with a capi
tal stock of 1200. 00O. of which the follCTring
directors have subscribed for $100 each: Stan
ley Forbes. Cleaveland Forbes, Warren Greg
ory C. M. Fitzgerald and W. H. Chickerinj
WEEKLY SANTA CRUZ
EXCURSIONS
The argument on the motion on be
hilf of the Election Commissioners to
quash the proceedings against them in
regard to the accusation filed by the
| Grand Jury charging them with mis
|:feasance in office on the ground that
tr*e process followed was Illegal was
•retsumed before Judge Lawlor yester
day morning. No decision has yet
bleen reached.
Attorney Thomas V. Cator submit
ted authorities to show that the pro
ceedings should have been in the
5iame of the people, as he contended
that the action was criminal in its
'.nature.
f District Attorney Byington contend
ed that the proceedings were not crim
inal and said he had adopted the
ocurse laid down in the case of Bur
leigh decided by the Supreme Court
on September 30 last. In that case,
•which was for the removal of a super-
S'ibor for misconduct in office the
judgment reads: "The main purpose
/Of the accusation under section 758
5£is to remove a person from public of
!flce for misconduct in Buch office; the
misconduct charged need not neces
sarily include an act which would, it
self, constitute a crime and if it does
include such crime the Judgment on
the accusation would not be a bar to
a subsequent prosecution for such
crime. The judgment can only go to
the extent of a removal from office.
The Legislature, perhaps; might have
•provided that the proceeding for the
f removal of an officer might be by in
idictment and if that had been the in
tent a few words would have ex
pressed it. That, however, wa3'clearly
;not the intent, for the Legislature by
768 and succeeding sections has
elaborately provided an entirely dif-
procedure."
"If," continued Byington, "the pro
ceedings are not criminal. It Is -not
necessary for them to be in the name
of the people. The accused are not
deprived of any rights as in a criminal
proceeding. The inference is plain
from the decision In the Burleigh
case that the accusation is a civil pro
cess or special proceeding."
The Judge said he was not yet satis
fied whether the proceedings under
the statute were civil or criminal.
Attorney Johnson , had asked for a
continuance till November 26 and he
would reserve his decision till that
time. He would also iy«e to be en
lightened as to whether the trial
should be, with a Jury of twelve or
less, as in misdemeanor cases, or
with a Jury of twelve as In felony
cuaes with a unanimous verdict or
with a verdict of nine as in civil
ca^s.
on the Motion to
Stop Proceedings Against
Election Board Concluded
little Harold Afplnnd lives Foot
Months In an Oven and Then
Snfrnmb"! to Pneumonia.
After having been tenderly nurtured
for four months In an incubator at the
Children's Hospital. Harold Werner
Asplund. aped 7 months, died yesterday
at the home of hi? r>arents, 9S2 York
street. The child was born premature
ly, and in **rd?r to save its life it was
pent to the Children's Hospital and
kept In an incubator for four months.
At the end <if that period the baby was
Ftror.g enough to be taken home under
the care cf its mother, and was doing
very well until near the end of the third
month Trhen It succumbed to an attack
cf pneumonia.
The bodv -was taken to the Morgue.
LAWLOR ADMITS
BEING PUZZLED
Clarence B. Kling. Divorced and Desti
tute of Love and Money, Ghes
Up the Hopeless Strangle.
Clarence B. Kling. who had been for
pome time paying alimony to his di
vorced wife, Delia B. Kling, stopped
payment yesterday by- inhaling illum
inating gas In his room at 1031 Franklin
street. Although he left no written
statement there is no doubt that he de
liberately committed suicide. At 4
o'clock yesterday morning Mrs. Walk
er, the landlady, who occupied a room
near by, heard him get up and close
the windows. At half-past 7 o'clock she
noticed that gas was escaping from
Kling's room. J. D. Douglass, a lodger,
broke open the door and found Kllnfr
lying dead In bed— and gas escaping
from two open burners.
Kllng was about 30 years old, out of
employment and penniless. He had for
merly been engaged as clerk for M. A.
Gunst & Co. and other cigar dealers.
DESTITUTE CTGAK CLERK
ENDS LIFE WITH GAS
INCTBATKD BABY DIES
WHEN TAKEN HOME
Ostensible Object la to Pay Dividends
on Mortgages on City
Real Estate.
Articles of incorporation, were filed
in the Clerk's office yesterday after
noon by the United States Improve
ment and Investment Company. The
capital • stock la 525,000,000, divided
into 2,500,000 shares of a par value
of 510 «ach. The following lncorpo
rators have - each subscribed for 100
shares: George E. Ames, D. B.
Moody. Edward F.'Delger, James Reid
Pringle, John M. Williamson, S. C.
Denson, W. B.' Lewitt, C. G. Kenyon
and A. Miles Taylor. The shares are
divided into, 750,000 class A preferred.
750,000 class B preferred and 1,000,
000 common. There is to be no dif
ference in the A arid B stock, each of
which shall draw four per cent divi
dends unless the company shall at any
time fail to pay, all. the taxes levied on
a first mortgage on the property
bounded by Bush, Broadway, Stock
ton and Kearny streets. Then the A
class shall receive .2 per cent more
than B. ,_\ ¦ ¦.
NEW INVESTMENT
COMPANY IS FORMED
Beginning Sunday night "The Run
aways" will be presented at the Cali
fornia Theater. This play ran a suc
cessful seven weeks' season at the ew
cessful seven weeks' season at the New
(successful wherever it has been played.
Seventy-five pec-ple, including the fa
mous £asino 6how girls, are with the
great organization.
The cor.'.pany is headed by the come
dian, Arthur Dunn, who will be seen in
his original part of Blutch. Other
well-known people In the big cast in
clude Mazie Ainsworth, Clarence Har
vey, Charles Dox, Thomas Whitbread,
William Meehan. Ermlnle Earle. Sallle
Randall. Helen Carr, Maude Courtney,
the Althea sisters and the English
Pony Ballet.
ONTS OF THE CLEVER AND POPU
LAJS MEMBERS OB" 'THE RUN
AWAYS" COMPANY.
Six years ago in Sacramento, Sailor
George Utz took unto himself a blush
ing "bride and settled down to short
period of domestic bliss. Then he
shipped on a vessel bound for tha
frozen north. For a Ions tixn« the
young wife received no word from her
husband. Finally It was reported that
he had died up in the Arctic region
and would be seen no more.
Then Edward Strasburfir appeared
on the scene and wooed the blooming
young widow. They were married
after a while and for two yeara lived
happily.
Last August Utz suddenly arrived in
port from some faraway land and Im
mediately started out to find his wife.
His quest was successful and unlike
the lamented Enoch Arden, he claim
ed his own. Strasburg yesterday
brought suit for a separation from the
wife he could not keep.
Mrs. Lucretia Flower yesterday re
quested a divorce from Theron M.
Flower in Judge Seawell's court. The
Judge heard the evidence and took the
case under submission. Mrs. Flower la
a handsome blonde and she told a story
that was substantiated by her aunt,
Mrs. Lucinda Barnard of Rochester, N.
Y. The Flowers were married at Pon
tiac, Mich., and her husband sold out
a large mercantile business at Battle
Creek to locate at San Diego. Later he
went to his father's ranch In Lower
California, twenty-five miles from En
senada, and sent for her. Mrs. Flowers
objected to the rough manner of living.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted a di
vorce, 5600 alimony and the custody of
three children to Nettie M. Buchanan,
wife of R. A. Buchanan, assistant phy
sician at the California Medical Mis
sionary and Benevolent Society.
Annie Staffler sued Frank Staffler for
divorce on the ground of Inhuman
treatment. He owns a gTppery and
saloon at Sanchez and Seventeenth
streets with an income of J25 a day, a.id
has a third" interest in the estate of
George Staffler worth $7000. The wife
asks for 5100 a month alimony and $300
for attorney's fees.
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Beatrice M. Noble against Gerald E.
Noble, for cruelty; Z. H. Langdon
against R. B. Langdon, neglect; Emma
Nelson against George Nelson, cruelty;
Mary E. Weatherly sued for annulment
of her marriage with James R. Weath
erly because he 'has another wife living
at Indianapolis from whom he has
never been divorced.
Divorces were gTanted yesterday by
Judge Seawell to Rose- I. Olrvell from
William C. Olwell, neglect; by Judge
Kerrigan to Josephine M. Rodgers from
Bertram Rodsers, negJect; to Erbln
Shelmadlne from Myra Shelmadine,
cruelty: by Judge Troutt to Grace
Hammer from Justin J. Hammer, neg
lect; by Judge SIoss to Azuul Greeck
from Hans Greeck, desertion; to George
Grunvald from Lillie May Grunvald,
desertion.
Edward Asks for
Separation From Woman
the Law Gives to Another
BACK TO HER FIRST L0YE
Sailor George Utz Betums
From the Arctic to Find
His Wife Is Married Again
DEATH RUMOR
CAUSES TANGLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. FRIDAY." NCAHEMKER IS, 190^.
"THE RUNAWAYS"
ARE CAUGHT BY
THE CALIFORNIA
9
___^ PRAGERS
Prices for To-Day Only.
Japanned Dust, Pans China Vegetable Dishes
<TWrd Flow.) (ThJrd noor .)
H Heavy jap- English Ironstone China Scallops,
\l anned Dust , „ , A
Pan« with square and fluted. They are o
0? '~-s\ round han- inches, 7 inches* and 8 inches
J/|L"jSSMi <^ c - wc il riv- square, and are splendid for
M-t^^% j tcd; these i sen-ing vegetables, salads, etc.
*=^1 SiiB^SI T1 - """"r of 0i
anywhere for dishes are 15c. 20c and 25c
Ie«s thsn 10c; that is the t-t each. We give you your <f f\
regular price. Onr Friday *^f* choice this Friday of I llf*
Surprise offering is 1-rw any of them at
<3 50 Women's Rainy Day and WdkingSkirts $ 1 .25
<Socon<3 Floor.)
This is the greatest Friday Surprise we have yet offered in our beau-
tiful Cloak and Suit Department. There are 3^0 of these skirts
made in fancy mixtures and plain. Oxford melions. They are
seven-gore flare, perfectly tailored and .unusually well made. The
skirts are in both women's and misses'* sizes. At any other time
these «kirt<; cannot be boughtt for lesp than $3-5°. (J* -I *)C?
but for this one day only they may be had at.... | .^iJ
3<Jz Medallions 14c j 35c^JsefulSewingBaskets
(Main Tioor— Center AJate Table.) 1 5c
This offering consists of a beautiful ,—^f^wfllw * •*-, %
metaJ frame medallion. €x« inches f^S&SreS?! lTh! Flocr)
i:- ?:if. portraylRg artistic col- \^!uj^cK^3 These are
• :*-£ life subjects. There is a <&§&"£*&¥£*€!/ „«.!, --,<- «^-ur-
chain attached to hang these plo- ir~rj& s $$¥ ? orj f ,' -
t:r.-5 They rr.ak" .-. very bwaatl- tttSff^SKlffy ln S baskets m
ful and <Jeslrabl# little 4 1 ; wnt\ m three different
max. On sale this Fri- |^C styles; lined in
C3.V OH*^ 3-t • •. j 1
' re% blue, .green and orange coi-
Kenrietta Flannelettes orsr ' they*were bought to sell for
.M*:n Floor) 35c» but to introduce our new
A r.r.e qrxamy cf n**eed back Flan- basicet department we -J P
nelettec (Henrietta finish), in a havfc marked special I JlT
cho'.c* selection of patterns, suit- price for iFriday
able for waist*, kimcr.as. wrap- . . , J ' —
pers, etc. These Flannelettes ar« tr ••— "¦ /v«/U— :» D^,,,-'
regular 10c ar.d 15c & yard goods. UlH(JlI3 VJlter Ua DOyS
and becac*« of the limited qua.n- I Ifif-n.
tlty and tfc« very low price we , •«• r»cll5
•«rl*l sell only one dollar's Cr% ' (Main Floor.)
worth to eacii customer. $Q To-«!ay yow may hare your choice of
Fnaay <ysly, a yard » n r Ha< In our department, ln-
* ' — ' — eluding ithose marked at $1.50 and
Pretty Conch Covers "•«. add any shape and qa
There ia value in every one of these , ¦ ' T * *, ',' * ' ',',* ' *," ** , ,¦
Covers. There is nothing: cheap p.. _ rL ,,_ n ..-- _--J I 8 ,¦..#»—
about them except the price. All OrOCeTV and lAqttOT
eoise in unusuaily kar.dsome Ori- Ctuv-iilc
er.tal Btrtpes and are finished with OpeCiaW
pretty trlnges. Vte have only 600 (Fourth Floor.)
2 SSSSMS? TpLPZ VS "-STiffife'.Ssi..^ 29c
srsjT-r.fss"- z% 25c
person. Thl« Friday Nl UU or bwui^^. * cak«» ¦*•**»
" la bars JVC
Men's Bath Robes Cl Saf,?yrs^?nS ed :.. b r? 25c
(Seooaa Floor.) Walnut*-- Extra larg-e, fancy 1 A-
Twwtr-two different styles of Bath stock, pound »••%#
Rrbes end Lourgring Gowns, ln Port „ qterrr— Regrularly 40c a
bonie^spSl 4 bot- $1> Q 0
I^r&g&i&g* 1 " 68C
iFhed with heavy rope rirdle and Glnn«r ™ne. a gallon.....
fancv cord to match; some have Cherries la Maraschino— * C j c
hoorts. These sre our regular Long's* or D. & G.'s. bottle *****
S6.O0 parinents. Spe- «J« f An Bonxboa. Wfclslwy — Old Glory;
cisl Friday only A^.VO doable; special C£ 50
C«ndy n - | TOttET
c-^Zi A w « AB.TICUQS.
Assorteo I % g A^>^*V **Q> 'd&&&<d*zL G *™in* itai-
Candv ¦ "~ i **. &IMl £LTL. Mi HL **** r *« Bla^ I > r
ili "^^ t&r -^^# . for *f.'... 25C
FlaVOrS Igj AUVAyj RELUBLB | Eastman*
To-Day J JT MAJ?/f£T*&dW/l3 S73] &SS%"
1 6c lb. i» r %?i & 25c
All the shopping indecements that* have*rnade this store popular
are still bere.
; AMUSEMENTS.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
MATINEE SATURDAY.
"Am I a County Chairman or a matrimonial
asentr*
Henry W. Sava** Presents G*crs# Ade's
Quaint Comedy Drama
1 COUNTY CHAIRMAN
Last Tim« Sunday NUht.
BEOIXXIXG XEXT MONT>\Y.
Charles B. Dillintfiasi Present*
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In the Clyd- Fitch Cbmetfy,
HETR. OWN "WA.-X"
. SEATS XOW READY.
PRICES $2. Jl BO. Ji. 75c SCO
Special Mst'.ne* Ttinksglvln* Day.
GRAN_D SSSIi
LAST TWO NIGHTS
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
The FATAL
WEBBING.
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
The Musical Tomfoolery.
The Show Girl
THE BEST OK ALL GIRL SHO»VS.
M Tl t-ii THUK • Vl>G- r 'AY
(Ab«K>lute!y Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP. Les-»«« ar.d Masair«r.
TO-NIGHT A S,?I^I W TO-HIGHT
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD OOtn^) — J. Xt. OrUCOTTS
And the Majestic Theater Company in That
Intensely Emotional Drama,
HEARTS AFLAME
Reappearance of A DELE BLOCK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Xext Mcnday — 'THE TAMING OF HELEN.'"
TAKE AN AFTERNOON OFF
Or Corns To-STlgrit tad Seo ti«
OBEATSS? VACBE7ILLI: PEETOHM.
AHCE XV AIL TBS WOSLO 70S
TBS PSZCSS:
10c and 20c-No Higher.
Ten New XEA2&I2TZSS Srary We«i.
Afternoon PerTorraaacea mt 230.
Twice Each Klsrat. at 73O and ».
Continuous PerTorraauscsu en Sarorday
and Sosdar. from 2 to 5.O'Cloci v>. m.
and from 7 Until II O'clock at CTlyht.
CHXItSSSN 10 CXSTTS AT JLXtXt TX3CBS
And to any part of the theater.
Only Original U'-r'r.-ar. iluviiis i*ictur»s.
A Splendid Stow ZTvery Afternoon taS
Evening 1 In ti« Tlseatar.
BOS-T FAIL TO SEK
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THE KEIQN'IXO EEXSATIOS of COXBY
ISLAND and the WOPXD'S FAIR.
A SEVER TO BS FORGOTTEN SPECTACLES
Electric Torratatn Satozday SUht
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN So
Pfliarp DOrrr FA!L T0
raiaww beaotifui
« COURT Locnginj
51 n fl room, the EMPIRB
auu parlor, tht
r % PALM ROOM. th«
(if/) 11(1 LOUIS XV PAR.
UiailU LOR. and the LA-
D j 1 DIES' WRITINO
Hotels room -
CASTOR I A
Per Infanta ar.d Children.
[be Kind You Hare Always Bougbf
Bears tha XT? yZ$J+-ST
Signatnr© of L^y*j^&lc&eA6
I^RririRjDGFircorr
» MERCHANT TAILORS,
H ££2S0Vi:O TO
a 112 Sutler Stjreet.
saw F&A^rcxsco. \
1> Novelties m Im^ort«d Wear, z
AtWdyt.Resienbcr the Pell Jleme
C=rc*«CcIduj Oce D«y» Crip in 2 Dzya
%9. /T/^ySA^ box, 25c
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
S3 3 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON
TALKING MACHINES AND RECORDS
t CALIFORNIA*
I -..THIS WEEK ONLY_ |
The Big- Laugh Maker. W
Funsiest of All Faxes*. R
A Friend I
of the Family I
I Runaways
8 PflCTTIVFT V wni. appear r
A rUjlllTLLI STJNDAT NIGHT. m
I Tht Great New York Casino Musical Q
H Extravaganza. f\ ,
1 v At* SI Prices ||
n Tfcer* will B« No Pundar Mattn«« for ||
|| . TWs Attraction. n
SEATS NOW SELLING J} j
A Big Banner Bill
Mr. and am. Mark Murphy; Carlisle's
Dors and Ponies; Auarnst* Qlose, and
the Three Bamoniers. Z^urt Ttzaes of
. the Twelve lTava]o Girls: Canfleld and
Carletoa; Wee Jeanie Fletcher and
JOEK T. KELLY AOTJ COMPAITT.
R»gn!ar Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c. 23c
and BOc ¦ *
OP[RA||f|[li'JS[ I
Third Week of th« Musical Comedy Trtamph
S Messenger Boy
SHAKING DODO
Sp«:ii! ThicksgiTias Bit a£33ENO^S BOT
Usual TivoU Prices— 23c. 80c, 75c.
Seats always selliny. Res. mat. Saturday.
SriCUL-SC5DA7 ATTEitHOOS, 50V. 20ti
XXE. TAXTSTB TKA1TCISCA.
la Dsnixeiti's I ¦ I r> I IS.
finat Ojer* LUCIA
Prices— 25c. 60c. 75e. $1.
SEATS SELLING.
AT C* A T A "D B«lasco A May«r.
General Uanacer.
T0-H10HT— MATS. SAT. KSJi STJST.
"Compares with New York cast" — Chronlcte.
. "Extraordinarily fine performance" — Call.
"Played it as artists should" — Examiner.
Clyde Fitch's Powerful Comedy Drama
Evbs.; 23c to 75c Mats.. Sat. k Sun., 23c to 50c
Thanksgivins week. NEXT MOXDAY— First
San Francisco Production
THE VILLAGE POSTMASTER.
The Best of Itustlc Comedies — 3CO N'Uhta la
Xew York. Five Tears In the East.
EXTRA MATINEE THANKSGIVING.
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 333.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Tremendous Production of the Best of All
Military Dramas.
Winchester
Sterilac Story of Love and War!
Exciting* Scenic Effects! Hilarious Comedy!
Prices — Eve.. 10c to 3Oc: Mats.. 10c. 15c. 23c.
THANKSOrVTNO "WEEK. Nov. 21— First Pro- '
Auction here of the Stupendous Melodrama
QUEEN OP THE WHITE SLAVES!
- SEE the Decfevis hairbreadth escape! Cast
adrift in mldocean on a raft.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. PORTLAND
. AT RECREATION PARK.
N Eishta and Harrison eta.
-- TO-DAT and all we«h days. 3 p. o. "
-.-- 'SUNDAY. 2:3O P. M. J
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance sale of straw at 5 Stockton «C
ADVTEKTLSjEMEVT&^ ' V
_ £* : :" : '-'¦¦;-. ?.¦''-¦¦".: ~r '¦¦ ¦ . ' ~~_ ' "' ": '-".' •
SPECIAL OFFERINGS FOR
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
EiVe Have Prepared for a GreatT|
Two-Days' Business. |
Stunning New |
i-^^ w \* jL w *i Tss7 v? H & -* f
£*L HIGH ART VELVET SUITS, I
SILK SHIRT WAIST SUITS. £
i|^g|||§i&v FINE CLOTH SUITS. |j
m£f&f^zy£i long jacket suits. B
i^^S^®^§^i MEDIUM JACKET SUITS. \
»^^3^lx*PS*%2 NEW BL OUSE SUITS.
TS^\Qm||yjy$^ STYLISH RUNABOUT SUITS, n
At Every Price Between
i »l ih. *k e correct new styles^
A! M' i { T 'i All the clever new ideas —
/I* 'ffll J' Pk re ere at Saving Prices.
>^^^^^^^^V NECK FUR, MUFF and
C/lPiL ?J- HAT to MATCH
srr 5*^-14- h^^^^ Are Extremely Smart ar.d Stylish.
I^^Z^f :i^^^^^7^h^fi^\j^' We have a superb collection — '¦
?£Z1 * n cver y fashionable fur — and our
**¦*/ ¦ *S .j, prices are the lowest in the city.
DONT FORGET OUR NUMBER.
Roast* that* Thanksgiving Turkey in a Regal ||||
Range. ' Absolutely the best* cast* range on the E0*
market. BuilL to give a lifetime of service. We pp|
&M guarantee it* on every point* for a period of two f&M
t^j years. Bakes evenly top and bottom. Heats fMi
Eg water quickly, with one-half the fuel used in an M<Q
g4 - ordinary range. Terms $ 1 down and $1 a week. P?y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Watch P
Fobs
Solid 14 Karat CoM
SOME WITH PLAIN
HARNESS BUCKLES,
OTHERS WITH OR-
NAMENTAL SEALS
OR LOCKETS .. . .
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and V
Silversmiths I
fz 104-110 Geary Street \\
If Livers Go Wrong
6et them right — it's simply and
easily done. Without pain,
without trouble, without nause-
ating, in fact it's only in the
beneficial effects that you notice
you have taken
Beechams
Pills
Sold Xfrerywhere. In boxes 10c. and £c '
FRENCH SAVINGS BAM
818 Montgomery Street.
Capita! paid up . . . . . $600,000
Dividends paid to depositors . 1,656,226
• CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LEOAULET. Vtce-Prealdtat.
. LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
JOHN GINTT. Ami Secretary.
BXJKXCTOBSl
W. E. ArtlgTiei. Chaa. CUrpy, Leon KauSmao.
O. Bocto, J. B. Clot. A. Roce, -
Leon Bocqusrax. J. M. Dupas, A. Ler&llet,
J. A. B*rr«rot. J. 8. Godeau. • J. J. Mack.
Interest paid on deposits. Loans mad* ca
Real Eat at* and approved securities.
TJ Tl TT QU 17 C FOR BARBERS. B AK-
DllUunijU ers . bootblacks, bath-
. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
dyer?, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN HBOS..
Braah Mannf actarer*. 609 Sacramento St.
¦*¦¦ {p& ¦ Ammunition. Huntins and
Ol SalV Sporting Goods. Lasxe*
|H 1 HQ Btoclt. Lowest prices. Send
Uf «# I U \& SHREVE 1- BARBER CO.,
739 Market st. and 521
•' •¦'.'/ Kearny st.
¦y \IU. T. HESS.
Wotary Public and Attome.y-at-Iiaw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Epreckels bids.
Teleohona Main 083.
Residence. 1S02 McAllister at.
Residence Telephone Page CC-tl.
AMUSE3JEXTS. .
Racing!
Hew v€j£T Msj
California |W Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Commencing SATUBDAT, November 13.
Racias; every week day. rain or shlao.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
. For special trains stopping- at the track tak«
6. P. Ferry, foot of Mirk«t strtet. at 12:00,
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2:0a Returning trains
leaire the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and
immeJlately after th« last ; race.
- .-¦ -THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angreles.. 1 . ...O 10 0 0 0 0 O O— 1
Dasc hits . 1 2 1 0.1 0 1 O 0 ft
Oakland ...3 10 2 0 O'-O 0 1 7
Base hits 3 02 2 0 2 0 3 1—13
' SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Ganley, Byrnes, Buchanan.
Errcre — Toman,' Francks, Strelb. Homa run
Kruger. Three-base hit — Dunleavy. Two
base hits — Ganley, Dunleavy, Kruger, Dever
eaux (2). Brashear, Cravath. Hits— Off Ma
son 3, off Gray 10. Sacrifice hits — Buchanan,
Ross. ': First base on . errors — Los Angeles 2,
Oakland 1. • Left on bases— Los Aneeles 7,
Oakland 11. Bases on balls — Oft Ttfason 3, off
Gray 5, oft Buchanan 3.' Struck out — By
Buchanan 6, by Mason 1. . by Gray 4. Double
plays — Flood, to Toman to Brashear; Schlafley
to Francks to Strelb. Wild pitches — Buchanan
2. Hit by . pitcher — Schlafley, Cravath. Time
of game — 2:CO. " Umplres^ — Brown* and *" Mo
| Donald. ' .
HELSIXGFORS, Finland. Nov.' 17— Tha
elections finished with a victory for the Con
stitutional party. Out of 73 representatives
In the House of Burgesses 63 are Constitutional.
The peasants crave S3 per cent of their vote
to the Constitutionalists. The House of No
bles, as usual, is heavily Constitutional.
A regular quarterly meeting of the
San Francisco Scottish Bowling Club
was held last evening at Scottish Hall.
A large number 'of the club members
were present. The principal business
of the meeting was the annual elec
tion of officers.
H. L. Tickner was elected president
of the club. : T. C. Lawson and John
McLaren were placed In nomination,
but declined the honor. 'John Reid
was elected to the office of vice pres
ident, R. D. Colquhoun was elected
secretary-treasurer.
The' club was reported In splendid
condition, -with new members Joining
regularly. Nine applications for mem
bership were approved at last night's
xneetinc
Scottish Bowlers Elect Officers.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— Oakland
paid Los Angeles back this afternoon
for yesterday's defeat, batting Mason
out of the box in the. first inning and
landing on Gray for ten hits in eight
innings. The game was a hard fought
one, with lively fielding and base run
ning- and men on bases in every in
ning. Oakland showed more ginger,
however, and won out on its .merits.
Score: ,,;',,' ,-'¦,;'-. _. : ."j"i f y 
' Los Angeles — Oakland — "
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Brshr.lb 4 0 1 0 3 Ganly.rf 4 0 2 11
Flood,2b '300 » 3 Frnks.ss - 5 ¦ 1 " 2 2 3
8mith.3b 4 O 2* 2 • 3 Dnlevy.lf 3 2 3 4 O
Chance.c 3 0 0 8 2 Bchfiy,2b 3 10 2 2
Crvth.rf 3 11 0 O KrugT.cf 6 1 2 30
Chase, cf 4 0 11 0 Streib.lb 4 1 0 8 0
Ross, If.' 8 0 0 0 0 Devrx,3b 5 0 2 0 1
Toman.88'3 0 1 8' 3 Byrnes.c 4 10 7-1
Gray, p.: 8 0 0 0 0 Duchan.p 4. 0 2 0.2
A ason, pO 001 0 • . — • — —
•Eagar.. 1 0 0 0: 0 Totals. 37 ,7 13 27 10
Totals. 31 1 6 27 111
•Hatted for Gray -in ninth lnnlnr.
OAKLAND JUMPS INTO LEAD.
A six-round /go with ' Eddie Santry
followed by a brisk rubdown constitut
ed his day's ¦ work. Nelson ; seems ' in
fine condition. -
Nelson believes In hard work, and,
notwithstanding the fact that he is
now in fine fettle, he still continues to
work like a demon. He was up bright
and rfarly yesterday and took a spin to
San Quentin, accompanied by Eddie
Santry, Teddy Murphy and Smilipg
Metzner. The boys were shown
through the prison. -Smiling Metzner
heaved a sigh of relief when they were
safely on the way home. In the after
noon Nelson went through his usual
gymnasium stunts, punching the bag,
Jumping the rope and pulling " the
weights. '» VJ3S3llis!re5£i
Battling .Nelson, although within* two
pounds of the required weight for his
coming fight ..with Young Corbett, is
spending a strenuous life at his train
ing quarters at Larkspur. He is locat
ed at Smiling ! Metzner's tavern, where
he conditioned himself for his battle
with Eddie Hanlon.
Dan ¦'¦Patch Lowers His Old Record.
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T., Nov. 17.
In a sensational finish on the associa
tion track here to-day Dan Patch low
ered the world's record for pacing a
mile on a half-mile track, the official
time being 2:03 flat. The previous rec
ord, also held bv Dan Patch, was
made at Birmingham, Ala., last year,
being 2:03U.'
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company has sued for an injunction
to prevent the Mutual Electric and
Lighting Company from making %n
excavation on the south side of Mar
ket street, 100 feet w'est from Fourth.
The proposed excavation is to be sev
en by eight feet and six feet deep and
surrounded by a brick wall eight
inches thick. It Is contended that the
plaintiff company's three conduits at
that point will be inclosed by the wall
and the wires will be inaccessible.
This, it is said, would work an injury
to the lighting service and make the
company liable to the municipality.
To I»rcvent Kxoavatlon.
Lou Dillon Fails in Time Trial
MEMPHIS. Tenn., N. r. 17.— C. K.
G. Billings' Lou Dillon, for the second
time In the last two days, failed this
afternoon to beat her recently estab
ished record of 2:01, regarding- which
time a controversy has arisen. Driven
by Millard Sanders, her trainer, she
went a mile in 2:03 flat. *
P. Ryan's Honiton starts in the
handicap at Oakland to-day, meeting
among other speedy ones. Judge. Ar
cade Und Kenilworth. The day.'s en
tries follow:
First race— Six and a half furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds; purse: , .
6124 Canonicus (Daly) *"^
607W Magrane (Magrane) J"*
CSOO Miss May Bowdiah (Blasingame) 101
0320 Flea (Gilbert) JO*
CO.S6 Instrument (Balrd) ij«
Ledatrix (Boots) ]OX
UC58 Darksome (Touhey) J"}
7i(TJ Etna C (Spooner) 101
. . — — —
Second race— Five and a half furlongi; two
year-old colts; purse:
7414 Phalanx (Moormead Farm) Ira
74U Gild (Jones) 1<»
7414 Squire Johnson (Miller) 103
6730 Cedarburgr (Alhajnbra Stable) 10«
Rossbourne (Wright) 10U
6C16 Robert Mitchell (Summers) 1OJ
7411 A Muskoday (Dodge) 108
Third race— One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and up; «elllng:
7265 'Red Cros* Nurse (Ross) SK>
7421 'Estado (Tanner) 101
7420 'Northwest <Clifford) 96
*7424 'Gaucho (Garden City Stable).. 99
! CW»2 "Hermencla (Cahlll) 101
7424 Prince Blazes (Balrd) 103
7307 'July Gyp (Ellerd) 98
"100 Stunts (McAlester) 1CK
Fourth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
vtp. handicap.
7423 Honiton (Ryan) .'...112
7423 Aibula (Lamasney Brtx».> 10S
7404 Arcade (Jennings & Co.) 107
7*16 Judge (McAllister) 100
-7404 Certain Forsce (New England Stb.)..104
7116 Kenilworth (Stover) 1OT
Fifth race, oeven furlongs, four-year-olds and
up." selling.
7413 Red Damsel (Russell) :..1O8
6813 Carilce (Appleby) Ill
741» Myrtle H (Hcrtzel) 105
7415 Sugden- (Sturgeon) Ill
«740»Petrolla (McCarty) 07
7421*Flaneur (Btanchl & Co.) 9»
7421*Dr. Sherman (Hoppas) lCfi
74C(r»Gil Bias (Shannon) .97
74C7 Lurene (Moormead Farm) .,.102
7407*Rose of Hllo (Ellerd) 106
7400*Ripper (Llnton) •••••••• J°|5
7424 Meisterslnger (Henahall) 105
Sixth- race, one mile, tnree-year-olds and
U 7424 8 Foxy' Grandpa (Coffey) ". 112
. . . . Volto (Schorr) . . . ." 114
7419 Vulcain (Ezell) 122
734.')'Decoy (MSUer) 114
7t20*Brlers (Rowell) ...114
(7410) > Con«er (Ellerd) ...; 114
7403'Colonel Ballentyne (Ronaldson) 117
7413 Lady Rowell (Elmwood Farm) 119
7410*Rene (Lamasney Bros.) 114
7413 Brennus (Judge) 119
PARIS. Nov. 17.— The Court of Ap
peals to-day heard the appeal of tha
Jockey Club against the decision fa
vorable to Tod Sloan, the American
jockey, growing out of his exclusion
from the track. Maitre Labori, for
S'.oan. contested the club's claim that
it is the exclusive Judge regarding pre
liminary measures. Decision was re
served.
TOD SLOAN'S CASE
IS UNDER REVIEW
HONITON STARTS
IN THE HANDICAP
Stolen, bnges— Frlrk, Freeman. Errors—
Sheehan/ And*rson, Overall. Home runs — R.
Hall, Mohler. Sacrifice hlti — Delehanty.
Blankenshlp 2, R. Hall. Hits — Off Fitzgerald
r>. off Keere V. Innings pitched— By Fitzgerald
f«. by K.-»-fV 4. Flmt base on called bulls— Off
Fitzgerald 3. off Keefe 4. off Shields 4. Struck
out— By Flwgeral<i 4. by Shields 5. Hit by
pitcher— Frisk (by Fttrgerald), Blankenshlp
(by Keefe). Passed ball— Anderson. Left on
baies— Seattle 12. Tacoma 5. Time of game —
Two hour*. Umpire — Perrlne. • ; ' v *¦;¦•, ;..v
Seattle 0 0 O 0 3 3 3 0 2—11-
Base hits 0 0 0 13 2 3 1 2—12
Tacoma ; ...00 OO O O O 0 (> — O
Base hits. ...;.. 01 010 01 00—3
SUMMARY.'
Seattle— \ Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VanH.cf 6 2 U 10 .Doyle.rf. 4 0 0 0 0
Wohlr,2b 4 42 ft '-' T-hehn.M) 3 0 0,3 2
>slhty.3b 4 0 0 0 2 |rasey.2b. 4 0 0 1 4
Frlsk.lf.. .Til 4O i.'rdyk.lb 4 0 0 13 0
Blkshp.c. 3 0 'I ft T l.ynch.cf 3 0 1 2 0
Bmlth.rf 3 0 0 :i O Itnymer.s 3 0 113
Freem.lb 3 12 1H <> HcLern.lf 10 12 0
Hal), s... 4 1 11 SlAndran.c 1 0 O 2 0
Bhields.p 4 2 1 O 6 Overall. o 2 0 0 3 1
ftigld.p. 1!.O 00 t
TotaU 30 11 12 27 14 (Oefe.p., 1 0 0 0 0
I Totals 28 0 3 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. -
FRESNO, Nov. 17. — Calamity
reigned to-day in the Tacoma team.
Eleven to nothing was the score and
the game was even Avorse than this
indicates. In the first inning Ander
son, a Fresno boy. caught. His thumb
was broken by Fitzgerald. Then Over
all caught. He did well, showing a
terrific whip to second. In the sixth
Fitzgerald argued about one of Per
rine's decisions and was run off the
field by the umpire. Keefe went in
without warming up, two men being
on bases. His wildness was remark
able. He filled the bases and forced
three runs In by ¦ bad throws and
walks. In the seventh Russ Hall and
Mohler made home runs apiece. Gra
ham is expected back to-morrow from
Sacramento and the team hopes to
pull Itself together again. Score:
TIGERS IN A SAD PLIGHT.
Class ¦ stak«, AH entries— Tom Hooker vs.
Agile Spurt: Icellux vs. Oulda; Racing Auto
vs. . Fretter; Heckles* Acrobat vs. Little
Plunger; Conroy vs. Golden . Garter; Queen's
Motto v«. Dear Gaston; Choo Choo vs. Jlga
maroo; The Referee vg. Frank Dunn; Lucy Clalr
vs. Hudson; Gold Chain vs. Honest John; Old
Ironsides vs. *Vlna; Itcllc Free vs. Orslna;
GUIUCU5 vs. Cranberry Sauce; Freeport vs.
Hoval Friend ; ' Clover Blossom vs. Northern
Alarm; Mny Tunlson vs. J E II; Red Rock va,
Klrh Array; Tralee Maid vs. Pasha Pleasant;
Promeih'us vs. La Rosa; Picadllly vb. Craw
for.l 11 ;!'.-¦; Horala vs. Kintla; Quicksand vs.
Golden Fortune; lone Hill vs. Butte City;
Comnurcial Traveler vs. Frank C.
The programme offered for Saturday
and Sunday at lngleside Coursing Park
is an exceptionally good one. It in
cludes two stakes, the Reserve of fifty
six entries and the Class of forty-eight
entries. The best of the hounds are
drawn in the latter stake. Many of the
fleetest performers from this city and
surrounding towns are entered, as well
as Cranberry Sauce, Peerless Beauty.
Kintla and several other crack Mon
tana hounds. The first three rounds
of the Reserve stake will be run down
on. Saturday and the stake will be
completed with the Class event on Sun
day. Following is the result of last
night's draw: '»'!
Reserve stake, BO entries— Rusty vs. Belfast;
Limerick Boy vs. Sir Llstowel; Don Pedro vs
Lulu Girl; Fortuna Angel vs. Rocklln Boy;
Reckless Roea va. Peerless Beauty; Sherman
vs. Graceful Carmen; Una vs. Jerry Wright ¦
Good as Gold vs. Forest Klre; Medley vs. Real
Duchess; Lucky Shamrock vg.'Adonlsf H«rmlt
vs. Duncan; Helen Hayes vs. An«le Ryne;
Lancashire Lad vs. Gold Lily; Flower of Kerry
vs. Joe Hill; Cascade vs. Gunfire; Medea vs.
Frisky Boy; Cro.x D vs. Modent Beauty; The
Duke vs. Sir Winton; Mab-1 8 vs. Silver
Cloud; Mark Twain vs. False Alarm; Fox
hunter vs. Ready Address; Muggsy vs. Red
Hot; Laboring Boy vs. Cubanola; Piker vs.
Bob R; Brewery Maid vs. Lily York; Alca
traz vs. Mount Rose; Maid of th« Glen vs.
Herky Sharp; Jolln C. Heenan vs. Wedge
wood.
When the two were in the midst of one
of their warmest mlxups Mr. Johnson
suddenly went to his knees, a la Joe
Gans. The Denverite came rushing at
him. landing foul after foul on the head
and body. It was not a difficult task for
Corbett to miss Jack, for the latter on
his knees was just about the same
height as the former featherweight
champion.
This little side play made quite a hit
with those present,- as it > was -fully as
realistic as the one recently enacted in
Mechanics' Pavilion. Everybody was
on when the big fellow" went ; to his
haunches, but up to that, time the
crowd did not know just what was
coming off. . Corbett had "a- lot of fun
pushing and hugging Johnson .around
the ring and he worked up a good per
spiration while engaged in mauling the
big fellow. The rest of his boxing was
done with Billy Otts and a few hangers
on who were aching for a' chance to
take on little Willie even for fun. .
Corbett weighs 137%' pounds and still
Indulges in plenty of liquids and foods
that put on weight. He is not worry
ing about making. 130 pounds. He is
strong and anxious to work and his
handlers say he Is doing more to con
dition himself for this fight than for
any 'other in which he ever engaged.
He was rather tired after coming off
the road in the morning, for he trav
eled'several miles farther than usual.
It is said on good authority the men
have even been signed up and have
agreed upon the terms under which
the battle will be fought. These de
tails will not be given out to the pub
lic for some little time to come, but it
is safe to assume Jeffries is getting: all
the best of the. entire lay out, as he
knows he is the drawing card.
Just what prompted Jeff to cast
aside his prejudice and take on John
son is not known, but it is more than
likely the champion of all .champions
sees a little coin will come in handv.
After looking carefully over the field
Jeff probably discovered that all the
available talent has either been ex
hausted or has sought cover, so he at
last decided _to pick up a few thousand
by engaging' Mr.- Johnson in combat.
The utmost secrecy has been observed
by those who are engineering the
match. E There is plenty of time in the
future to talk of the affair. The bout
will be fought In Mechanics' Pavilion
and will be a twenty-round affair.
Johnson played a leading role at the
training camp of Young Corbett yester
day afternoon. The figure of the her
culean scrapper loomed up conspicu
ously in the gym and he was voted the
whole show by the assembled guests.
When he boxed with Corbett the pair
presented a sight that was a study in
human makeups. ¦ . :
Cortain prizefight promoters in this
village have been working their brains
to a standstill nlgTit and day trying to
frame up a plan whereby they might
entrap ' JefC into a match with the big
negro. The champion has been fickle.
He would listen to nothing of the sort.
But tireless work always brings its re
ward. Jeff has at last been reached
and he now lifts up the barrier which
has for so long held Johnson at a dis
tance—the color line. ¦ - '
Many a wise man will be sliehtlv
startled when he learns that Jack John
son, the king of dark skinned fist ar
tists, will be given a chance to en
gage Champion James Jeffries in the
twenty-four foot ring next March. Even
if it does seem a. trifle stranee it is
true, for the big men have already been
matched to fight under the auspices of
the Shasta Club.
GOOD TRIALS
IN STORE FOR
COURSING MEN
JEFF FINALLY
CONSENTS TO
MEET JOHNSON
EXCITIXG INCIDENTS IX THE ATHLETIC COMPETITION AT THE PRESIDIO
YESTERDAY, IN WHICH UNCLE SAM'S SOLDIER BOYS DISTINGUISHED
THEMSELVES. ALTHOUGH THE TRACK WAS HEAVY.
OAKLAND—Thursday, Nov. 17. Weather fine. Track heavy.
74U5. FIRST KACE— Five furlongs; purae; two-year-old .fllllea: value to flr»t. ££3.
Indexj Hcraa and Owner. JWtjSt. J4. -fr. %. Btr. Fin, j Jockey. \ 6y. a?
<7417)|Sea Vojra&« (Mrs. Miller) 110] 2" ... 1 % 1 4 14 1 3%|W. Knapp. 1-2 1~2
«403 Babow (T. O. F«rsnson) 106 8 ... 53 2 n 23 2 7 V?. Davia.. 12 25
7408 [MUpah (Summers * O>.)... lUtj 3 ... 4h32 81 8 •> McLaujjhla 12 3a
740S Lily Goldlng (J. T. Collins). 104 1 ...21 •*! 414n Alvarado .. W 1(X>
6730 Vein* (O. Van Gordon) 100(4 ... 8n 6* 6 3 8 2% Kuns 3 112
7408 Maid of Fermoy (T. Fox) lOJjlO ... 74 02 62 6h F. SulLTraa. 13 20
Macene (L. H. J5a«li) 100! S ...10 7 4 7 2 7 % Andersoa .. 8 ia
7408 Mistress of Rolls (J. He&Iy).. 103 7 ... « %10 10 8 A Huffman .. 20 60
WS'2 |Wilia (W. P. Maerane) 1101 S ... 8 n 8 1%3 % 9 3. J. Jone*... > 10 13
_«111 lOnondulum (W. M, Murry).. 10*1 9 ...93 81 t)»10 , H. Micbaals ' 20 fi«
Time— :25. :5X, 1:03%. At post lft minuteZ Off At 2:144. Voya*», plae* 1-4; show.
out. Babow, place, 8; show, 7-2. Mtzpah, show, 4, Winner, ch. L by Flr*t» of Fsn
zance-Gladness. Trained by J. »t«rn. Start food. Won vtry tasily. S«cond easily.
Third drivins.
Winner much th« best. BaDow ancears to do better on a hes/ry trade lily GcMlns rsachod
a his;b note until drowned out by the ore hestra. Vein* can do b«tt«r than this. J'.il
rm . oy was Dlayad. Wills, no speed.
74SO. SKCOXD RACB— Futurity coursi; aeyiD*; thre»-year-olds and upward; to first. $32S.
lnJexl Ucnt and Owner. jWtjHt. hi. %. %. Btr. Fin. | Jodcey. [ Op. O.
(7407) (Cloche d"Or. 4 (Mr*. Coffey).. 106|4 ... 4^47 12 15 Fltzpatrlek 18-5 3
(4.il«)iBron2e-V,lnr. « (Fountain).. 101 a ... 2 l^a 2 3 S 2 L. KountaJn 4 5-2
..M0 lAibermarle, 4 (J. Qulnlan)... 113 7 ... 1 H 1 n 2 ** i 3 J. T. Shehn « 10
mxts |Florinel It, a Krawjey) . . 101 « ... 3 2^2 H * * * 7 F. Sullivan 8 1^
&4 57 | Boca, .{ Ov*«lls it Burger). . .JUKI 9 ... 6 n 5 1 VjS 3 5 4 W. Knapp. 20 3o
(h:U IVigoroao, 4 (Appleby & Co.).|101 5 ... 8 2 6 2 til « H Herbert ... 20 5O
418i.|Deisegno, 4 (J. Logan) |lo5 8 ... B H 8 3 Ti 7 '1 IBell 3» 4»
7USU |Tuck Back, 4 (A.- Hoss); ... .1113 11 ... 10 4 10 4 8H8H iVlckery ... 20 15
G1S:> jiiill Young. 6 (Maple & erl.).|10U| 2 ... 9 2 7 H » ". S> 4 ICrosswatta 20 50
7II87 | Skip Me, 0 (J. Madison) jflO9j 1 ... 7 h l» 2 10 7 10 10 |Helgese n .. 10 1*
7:«)8 jQueen Fay, 3 (lira. Murry). .|104;l0 ... 11 11 11 11 III. Michaels 10 2»
<.tQj ja-cherzo. :: (Pu«?blo Stable). . .|lu»; Lett ILarsen a ltf
Time— :25, :50& 1:13%. At post 6 minutes. Off at 2:47. Cloche, place, 6-5; enow. 3-5.
• " ln#. Place, , H-5; show, -3-5. Albermarle, show, S-5. Winner, ch. m. by St. S*v1or»
Belle U'Ox. Trained by J. Coffey. Start good. Won easily. Next two drivin*.
Slow ;o begin operations, winner ran over tne leaders in the stretch. Bronza Win* did
well jcr » cripple. • Albe-marU not the hor*» he was. Too fax for Flortnel. Skip
Me no account.- Boca is -fast for a. few panels.
7t-7.\ TITIRD RACE — Five and a half furlonga; purse; two-year-olds; value to first, $023.
lcdcxl Hcrse.and Owner. IWt|St. %. H- %• Btr. Fin. | Jockey, j Op. Cl.
•JU34 IDel Carina (R. A. Smith) 198 4 ... 5^44 21 1 l%|Greenfleld. 2 2
fi7.«i |Bob Kagon (Summers «fe C*»..|107 S ... 3^2<41h22t lMcLaughn 8 4
7411 iHead O«tnce (Kl Prlmero rftb)|107 1 ... 1 fc, 1 1^3 H 3 1%'Helgesen .. 9-5 9-5
71 KJ | Bill Short (W. P. Magrane)..,102 2 2^3^40 48 |.I. Jones... 10 13
CTi«6 iMotrregor (California ftables)|101 B ... 6 >-j B 2 « 1 5 3 |F. Sullivan 7 11
74C8 |Anita Knight (J. H. Spratt) »4; 7 ... 4 3 » ', J ! ; « 'i |Moran 20 25
....[Fay Templeton (G. Dodge)., fcl 8 7 3 7 3 7 2 7 l&J Herbert ... 10 20
7JU4 ls-.r.a. Letord (J. P. Davis).. tf»|9 ... 86 8 10 86 84 (W. Davis.. 6 l.t
Uearskln (K. Skinner & Co.>..|10ti| 5 ... 9h91 01 »2 |H. Michaelsi * 30 50
68CS Herthus (V. Gilbert) ....1103,10 ... 10 10 10 10 jJ.T.riheehn | 30 100
Time— :C5, :Z0% r 1:00. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:ia Carina, place, 1; show. 11-Co"
• Ragon, place. 8-5; show, 7-10. Dance, show, 1-3. Winner, ch. f. by Del Paso-Carina.
Trained ' by K.' A. Smith. Scratched — Gallant Cassi*. Start good. Won easily. Second
'driving. Third stopping.
Greenfield picked the best going with winner. Bob Raccn was pocketed part of the way.
Head Dance bore out In the stretch, tiring badly as well. Bill Short ran an excellent
race. Mocregor can beat cheaper ones. Others won't do.
7428. FQjnvril RACE — One mll«; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
lndex| Horse and Owner. l\Tt;St. ii. $». %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I O9. Cl.
1 , — 1 1 ,
6CS1 iBab. 6 (W. Cahlll) | 99,' 5 4 4 1^1 1'il l}jl 2 IW. Davis.. 6-2 7-5
'7*18 lisubelllta, 4 (J. Ronaldsqn). .| ui», u 82 43 32 21 25 |L. Fountin « A
7420 jPemance. 4 (H. Stover) »4j 7 6 % 5 2Vi5 4 :t n 3 l'i^Herbert ... 2O 2t>
(73O4)jLady Kent, a (J. Ryan) tiD', 3 ' 2 h 2 1 2n 4 1^4 lV»|w. Knapp.. 5-2 5
•418 j Silurian, tf (Lamasney Bros).. 94j 1 3 t 3^44 5 % 0 2 i Watson ... 7 7
7270 |Mr. Dingle, 4 (Ti*-nv?y &. Co.) 07| 6 7 h 7 1SS b e 4 6 l^jF. Sullivan 0 15
7*15 lUalanthus. « (Mrs. Coffey). . flOUj 2 6n82 72 74 7tt JFItzpatrck 6 7
7413 lAchllles. 5 (J. J. \McCabe)..|l«2| 89 9 82 8 4 S 9 J.T. Sheehn 15 20
7*24 IConstable. 5 (Stocktcn— Stb)..l "J9; 4 1 1U6 h 8 U » IMeLaughn 15 17
Time — :2'6, :51V4. 1:18. 1:43»4- At post V* minute. Off at 3:32^. Bab, place. 3-5; show.
1-3. Inabeluta, place, ir-'Z; show, «-&. Penzance. show, 4. Winner, b. m. by Belvldere-
Pcninah. Trained by W. Cahlll. Scratched — Br:nnus. Start good. Won easily. Second
easily. Third driving.
Bab had a very pleasant trip, possessing all the requirements. I.«abe!llta met with repeated
interference or she might have been more difficult to subdue. Lady Kent had speed
for six furlongs. Galanthua could notralsea gallop. Constable no account. .
742O. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; 3-year-olds and up; selling; value to first. $325.
Indext Horse- and Owner. |Wt|St. $4. %. -4. str. Fin. | Jockey, i On! Cl7
1 1 1 _| 1 ¦ .
59*5 |The Mighty. 3 (Ferguson) jlOS 3 ... 1 141 % 1 1^1 1^|W. Davis.. I 7-10
740U ISol Llehtensteln. 5 (Madison). 1 107 4 ... 2 1^2 n 2 n 2 4 IH-lgesen ..6 S
.... |W. R. Condon. 4 (L. H. Kzell)|112| 1 ... 3 h 4 \ 5 H 3 1 VilAmlerscn .. 3 .1
7402 lOcyrohe, 3 (Mrs. J. Coffey). ..|105| 5 ... 5 2>/j5 4 3 h 4 % iFltzpatrlclt 6 :>
7403 jNonle. 5 (Garden City Stabie)ilO4| 2 ... 4n32 41 55 JHerbert ... 6 1^
C614 JReeves, 4 (Lamasney Bro».)..jl05j 7 ... 63 62 «« «4 |Watson ... 20 5o
(7310)|El Piloto, 0 (H. W. Hoag).-...|107| 8 ... 7 n 7 ti 7 10 7 8 (J. Jones 15 U5
7395 |Light Braid, G (G. Nevin) |IO1| « ... 8 8 8 8 |McBrlde... 20> 10O
Time — :25. :50U 1:16^4. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:02. The Mighty, place. 1-3; show out.
. Sol Llehtensteln, place. 11-5; show. 7-10. Condon, show, 1-2. Winner, ch. c. by Prince
Koyal-Intrusive. Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Start gocd. Won easily. Second drlv
ingr. Third handily.
The Mighty was ready and received nice handling. W. R. Condon displayed some early
speed under hard urging, but never looked a winner. Sol Llrhtenstein ran his race.
Ocyrohe, well backed, made a disappointing showing. Nome did well to the stretch*
Others no account.
74:!U. SIXTH RACE — One mile and 100 yards; 3-year-olds and up; selling; val. to first. <323.
luoex| Horse and Own»r. JWt|St. % . %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
74tC Elliott. 4 (M. J. Daly) |116| 3 2 % 2 IVil Vj 1 1 1 2^iDom!nick ..~3^5~11^0
741S Ink, -1 (Lamasney Bros.) 110; 2 5 3 4 2^4 S 2 n.« |Wat.»on ... R i>
734!) Anvil. 4 (C. E. Murray) 90 B 1 t{ 1 >' a 2 i 2 »i 3 4 | Herbert ... s 10
74Wi Col. .Van. 6 (D. S. Fountaln)[lC5 4 4 2 S », 3 4 3 \j 4 10 IL. Fountain 5 7
7410 Flying Torpedo, 6 (L. Ezell). .|11O! 131445. 5 5 [Andersen ..( 4 9.3
Time— :25%. :51H. 1:1" Vi, 1:45, 1:51. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:2*U. Klliott place 7 "O
show out. Ink. place, 5-2; show out. Anvil, show out. Winner ch. h by Rac!^i»'
Aurella II. Trained by M. J. Daly. Start good. Wen easily. Next two driving
Just a gallop for the winner. Ink tiropped irom the cloud* Anvil ran an excellent race
Colonel Van was crowded some the last part. Fountain is only a novice, too. Torpedo
sulked.
Billy Cahill began the season well,
Bab earning brackets the first time
out. The mare was played down in the'
.speculating on the mile selling num
ber from 2 J /2 to 1 to 7 to f» favoritism.
She had Davis In the saddle and made
fl promenade' of it, leading Isabellita
first to the -wire a couple of lengths.
Penza nee, at 30 to 1, ran third.
A few of the early risers obtained
6 to 5 about Garnet Ferguson's colt,
The Mighty, but 'it was necessary to
show speed. The stable sent Jn a com
mission on Ocyrohe and W. R. Con»
don was reported a flyer, but neither
made jrood. Davis also piloted The
Mighty and had the race in hand from
start to finish. Sol.LIchtenstein downed
Condon for the place.
With Dominlck replacing W. Daly,
Elliott was a different horse. He ruled
an odds-on choke for the concluding
mile and one hundred yard selling
event and reached port under closely
reefed sails. -Watson, on Ink. moved
along from the far rear, nosing out
Anvil for place honors. Colonel Van
and Flying Tcrpedo were the only
other starters.
TRACK NOTES.
Jack Dwyer, the Chicago bookmak
er, arrived yesterday and will cut in
to-morrow.
Willie Haack, the jockey, was dis
covered signaling results to parties on
the outside yesterday. His badge was
taken up and he was escorted to the
gate.
There was a delay in the paddock
when the horses' were called to the
post for the second race. Tuck Back
tried to transform the paddock into
a match factory and it required the
united efforts of six grooms before he
would submit to being saddled.
Lloyd Fountain, who rode Isabel
lita, lodged a claim of foul against W.
Davis, the rider of Bab. Fountain en
deavored^ to get through on the rail
turning into the stretch for home and
Davis saw no reason, for letting him
through. The claim was not allowed
by the judges.
Billy Randall, the Montana turf
man, who recently lost two of his
string CHvoso and Axminster, in a
wreck, helped swell the paddock
crowd yesterday. '
.With two. winning mounts to his
credit in a day, W. Davis is- well start
ed on the road to success.-.
Bronze Wing is a long way. from be
ing the horse' he was before an attack
of catarrhal fever, placed him on the
shelf. The sprinter now suffers from
rheumatism In the shoulders.
1 ' Stake books of the. New Orleans
Jockey Club have been issued. The
$10,000 Panama handicap is the rich
est event offered. Stake entries close
on the 26th inst, with H. D. Brown
manager and racing secretary/- ;
At the weights Bob Smith's Del
Carina looked like something ripe and
mellow to land the third, but reports
of her condition were hot encouraging.
A steady play on Head Dance sent the
Torsocolt to the post favorite. Helge
sen had the mount on the latter and
succeeded In gotting off in the lead" to
a pretty start. In the run home the
first choice besan to fade, losing the
lead to Dob Ragon, a stanchly sup
ported one. When it looked as if the
last named colt might win. 1 Sammy
Greenfield came strongly on the out
side with Del Carina, scoring cleverly.
DAVIS- SCORES WITH BAB.
A 100 to 1 shot on Tuesday, Cloche
d'Or opened up an 8 to 5 favorite for
the Futurity course selling affair,
which followed. So brisk, however,
was the demand for Bronze Wing tick
ets that the price about the former
mare lengthened to tHrees. Both
Bronze Wing and Albemarle had speed,
but when Fitzpatrick on Cloche d'Or
got ready to play ball It was simply a
matter of closing the blinds, the Coffey
entry breezing in first. Albemarle lost
the place to Bronze Wing in a hard
drive.
CLOCHE DOR WINS AGAIN.
It looked as If only an accident could
prevent Sea Voyage from winning the
opening sprint for fillies. The Miller
filiy revels in heavy going and the ring
took no liberties with her, laying 1 to
2. Piloted by "Big Bill" Knapp she
assumed the front petition early, win
ning at leisure. W. Davis on Babow,
a 25 to 1 outsider, led Mizpah, another
despised one, out for place honors.
The attendance across the bay was
good and as four favorites and two
second choices were successful it is
needless to say the ring suffered heav
ily. A heavy track called for condi
tion and hc-rses not ready made a sorry
showing.
It may be well for race-goers to keep
an eye on Jockey W. Davis, for the
Eastern rider brokethe ice at Oakland
track yesterday, placing two winners
over the line. It always takes a day
oj so to learn the angles of a game
and v become acclimated besides, and
while the Jennings' stable pilot has
been knocking at the door on several
occasio-ns, it was not until . he was
given the. leg up on Bab that he got
fitted to a set of brackets.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. L. Pct^ w - L - Pet-
Oakland 58 44 .BOO Seattle ......49 02 .4S5
Los Angeles. 54 42 .6«2|San Fran... 46 51 .4i4
Tacoma ....67 45 .55DJPortland ...35 C5 .*5O
The Seals made runs enough in the
first two spasms yesterday at Recrea
tion Park to put them through safely.
The Brownies were there with a come
back In the second round only. It was
then that they showed signs of handing
Mr. Wheeler the wallop, but after that
round, they never figured, though they
loomed up dangerously at intervals.
Score: San Francisco 4, Portland 3.
It was another rapid fire exhibition,
only an hour and twenty minutes be
ing taken up with the struggle. Both
pitchers got some bad bumps in the va
rious Innings, but nearly all the drives
were steered safely into the mitts of
I some waiting outfielder. In this way
tfoth slabsters managed to weather the
storm that was constantly brewing.
Danny Shay became just a trifle too
jocular with the serious Mr. Christie
and had to take a leave of absence in
the fourth round. It was a close play
at the initial bag and Danny was called
out. He called the umpire something
and was then called out again. This
time the Eighth street cop helped him,
while the fans cheered Christie for his
display of nerve.
The first round produced a run for
the Seals. Hildebrand got a walk and
Spencer Juggled Meany's grounder and
then threw the ball into the bleechers,
leaving men on second and third. Ir
win had a long fly, letting Hilde In.
During round three the Seals began to
wield the timber briskly. Anderson hit,
Gochnauer sacrificed and Gorton
plucked a good one, stealing on the first j
ball pitched. Wheeler bunted Andy
home and Hilde got a safe one over
second, chasing Gorton In. j
The Brownies made their stand in the
second inning; after two had been
stowed away. Spencer swung through
to left for a double and Nadeau scored
him by driving safely to the same spot.
He moved as far as third on Hilde
brand's erratic toss to the pan and reg
istered when Frary unloaded allot one
back of short.
After the second. Wheeler had each
Brownie working for him. Not another
man hit safely till the ninth when Run
kle pushed one out to right field. The
fielding on both sides was fast, all the
outfielders having chances to perform.
The score: .
San Francisco — Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. - AB.R. H. P.A.
Hildbd.lf 3 111 0 Drnan.cf 4 0050
Meany.rf 4 -il- X- ©">» Murdk.rf 3 0OO0
Irwln. 2b 3 0 1 1 1 Rkle.Sb.s 4 0 10 2
VnBrn,lb 2, 0 0 15 1 Iick.l-3b 4 0 0 3 1
"Wldrn.cf 4 0 0 10 Shay, ss 2 0 0 2 1
Andsn,2b 4 112 6 Spncr,2b 3 1 1 3*2
Gochnr,« 2 0 0 3 6 Nadeu.lf 3 113 0
Gorton.c 3 113 2 Fny.e.lb 3 0 1 fl 0
¦Wheelr.p 2 0 113 Butler, p 3 0 0 14
Kalaky.c 10 0 10
Totals 27 4627 18
Totals SO 2 4 2i 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 3 0 0 0 000.1—4
San Francisco... 1.2 00 0 0 0 1 x— 4
Base hits 0 3 1 1 0 0 0 1 x — ti
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Illldebrand, 'Wheeler, Gorton,
Van Buren. Errors — Hpencer (2), Gochnauer,
Frary, Hildebrand. Two-base hits — Spencer,
Me*ny. Sacrifice hits — Gochnauer, Wheeler,
Van Buren (2), Irwln. . First base on errors —
Portland 1. First base on called balla— Oft
Wheeler 2, off Butler 1. Left on bases— San
Francisco 5, Portland ¦."». Struck out— By
Wheeler 3. by Butler 1. Time of game, 1:20.
Umpire, Christie.
BY FRED E. MUI/IIOLLAXD.
ELLIOTT IN FRONT
Heavily Supported
Favorites Score
at Oakland Track
Brownies Score Twice in
a Hurry, but Soon Fall
Before Wheeler's Curves
Special officials — Football — Umpire First
Lieutenant Raymond \V. Briers. Artillery
Corp*; referee. Captain John B. BchoeftVI
Tenth Infantry: timer. Captain John S Kulp'
me<iicaJ department; linesmen. First Lieu
tenant F. W. Herschler. Fourth Cavalry and
Kceond Lieutenant C. F. Conry. Tenth In
fantry; artillery drivers' contest— Ll-utenant
Colonel R. II. Patterson. Artillery Corps- in
fantry wall scaling — Major R. C Van Vliet
Tenth Infantry; mounted relay race — Captain
John L. Hayden. Artillery Corps; Captain
Oeorjje p. White. quartermaster; Captain
Charles H. Bridges. Fifteenth Infantry; Cap
tain John B. Sehoeffel. Tenth Infantry.
Officials— Referee— Major R. C. Van VII* L
Tenth Infantry; judges and mea*urers—Cap
tain John L. Hayden. Artillery Corps- Can
tain Oeorre p. White, QuartermaFter- Captain
Charles H. Bridges. Fifteenth Infantry
*tamr— First Lieluter-ant T. C. Lyiter, medlca
der<artment; timers— Captain John S Kulp
Tnfdieal department; Captain John B School
fcl. Tenth Infantry; clerk of course-captain
Carl F. Hartmann, Signal Corps; scorer—Sec
ond Lieutenant Andrew J. Lindsay Twentv
finrt. Infantr?-. • ' *
WiO-yard run— F. A. Ha>-nc9,' Company I,
Fifteenth Infantry; Corporal Goad, artillery' ;
Corporal Barton. Company F. Thirteenth In
fantry. Time, ti minutes 11 seconds.
120-yard hurdles— Winners of heats: First
MCt. Private Willett. Company A, Thirteenth
In!antry. and Private Warmoth, Seventieth
Company, Coast Artillery, tie; second heat
Corporal Hunt, Sixty-fifth Company, Coaet Ar
tillery: third hoat. Private Gilespie, Company
I. Fifteenth Infantry; fourth heat. Private
Ohurger. artillery. »est time. 18 4-5 seconds
Rroad jump- Private Gilespie, Company I,
J-i!tee:ith Infantry; Private Fernandez, Fourth
Cavalry; Private Loveli, Company I. Fifteenth
Infantry. Instance, 19 feet 8 Inches
~'0yard hurdle*— Winners of heats: First
heat. Private Erwin, Company M. Tenth In
iHZFTi ** con * h « at - Corporal Hunt. Sixty
fifth Company Coast Artillery; third heat. Mu
g3^p^^L B ' Thirt ~ nth Infantr -
The following officers are in charge
of the games:
Major R. C Van VWrt. Tenth Infantry- Cap
tain Arthur Johnson. Thirteenth Infantry Cap
ti'nt-ir? i"h i *%***>'• fourteenth Infantr?;
«.«ptain John L. Hayden, Artillery Corns- Cac^
vnif^S P ; r Whlle - O^rtermVster^Capttfn
Villiam M. Morrow. Twenty-first Infantry
riptaln Chirlei H. Brl<W Fifteenth In
fantry: First Licut-nem Fred W. Herschler
Fourth Cavalry; First Lieutenant McrrU e!
Locke, Artillery Corps.
Jliph Jump — Corporal Hunt, One Hundred
ami Fifth Company. Coast Artillery; Private
I.i<ivell, I'orapany I. Fifteenth Infantry; Cor
j-oral Jon«=. Fixty- fifth Company, Coast Ar
tillery. Height, 5 feet 3 Inches
16-poun<1 shot put — Private Coffman, Com
pany M. Thirteenth Infantry: Private Ander
t-on. Fifteenth Infantry; Sergeant Ludlom,
BtxtyndXtb Company. Coast Artillery. Dis
tant. Z'l fe"t fl inches.
SSO-ysrd dash— Winners of heats: Corporal
Welsh, i Sixty-first Company, Coast Artillery,
•and Private Holahan, Company I, Twenty-
Drft Infantry, tie: ?<*<*ond heat. Sergeant Har
r.^tte. Company L, Fifteenth Infantry; third
h.est. Private Stephens. Company B. Thirteenth
Infantry; fourth h«=at. Private Knutson, Com
rany B, Thirteenth Infantry. Best time 27
*ccondf>.
100- yard dash— Winners of heats: First heat,
Pergeant Harnette, Company L, ¦ Fifteenth In
fantry: second heat. Private Steward, Com
pany K. Flftf-er.th Infantry: third heat. Cor
lwral Hunt. FIxty-flfth Company. Coaet Artil
lery; fourth heat. Sergeant Rlc*. Twenty-ninth
Company, Coast Artillery. Best time 11 sec
onds.
On the athletic grounds the Fourth
Cavalry will go through mounted exer
cises and will show what the term
rough riding means. Besides ordinary
feats of horsemanship picked riders
¦will do some hair-raising equestrian
stunts.
A mounted relay race Is also on the
Mil between troops F and G, Fourth
Cavalry- In the afternoon the Pre-
Fidio team will see what they can do
to the Thirteenth Infantry In baseball.
The results of yesterday's competition
In detail follow:
Following are yesterday's results by
teams: Fifteenth Infantry, 15 points;
Presidio. 9 points; Tenth Infantry, 1
point; Fourth Cavalry, 3 points; Thir
teenth Infantry, 6 points, and the Coast
Artillery. 4 points.
The baseball game in the afternoon
between the Tenth Infantry team and
the Presidio was duck soup for the for
mer. Gilespie, the TenrVs handy man,
buffaloed the Presidios with his twirl-
Ing. Score, 5 to 0. .'
The events scheduled for to-day will
be well worth seeing. At 9 a. m. there
will be an exhibition by light batteries
at the terminus of the Union street car
line. • Wheeling into position, limbering,
¦unlimbering and all the snappy evolu
tions of that exciting branch of the
service will be shown.
Some of the sprints were full of pal
pitations. In the first heat of the 220
yard dash Corporal Welsh and Private
Holahan sped down the Btretch neck
end neck and breasted the tape at the
came Instant. The time. 27 seconds,
¦was good on the sloppy track. The first
heat of the 120-yard high hurdles also
ended in a dead heat. Privates Willett
«nd Warmoth cleared the last obstacle
In the same stride and crossed the line
together.
The hardest race was the half-mile.
A lithe, wiry artilleryman set the pace
and a hot one it was. -Private Haynes
of the Fifteenth Infantry hung just be
hind the bunch" till they rounded the
turn on the last lap. Then he cut loose
and greased lightening was a crippled
ice wagon compared to him. He passed
everybody and took the race in 2:14.
The finals of the hurdle races, the
220 and the 100 yard dashes will be run
off to-day. The relay race had to be
postponed and will also be one of the
events to-day.
The opening: of the athletic contests
given by the Department of California.
U. 6. A., drew large crawds yesterday
to the athletic grounds at the Presidio.
Had the track been a good one and the
' field level some records might have
: been made that would open the eyes of
the college athlete.
The grounds are on a Bide hill and
the track is moist clay that clutches
'the feet of th» runner and wears him
out. Even with these disadvantages
; the showing made will look good any
where. Though the half mile was run
!part of the distance on an up grade the
time was 2:14.
The Fifteenth Infantry carried off the
honors of the day, their trackmen
scoring fifteen points In the track and
field events and easily capturing the
baseball game from the Presidio team.
Nearly the entire population of the
poet gathered about the athletic
grounds. Soldiers forgot all about drill
calls, fatigue calls and even the allur
ing mess calls did not move them till
the last race was over.
RING IS HARD HIT
SLARSTEES WORK FAST
SAN FKANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
First race — Flea, Darksome, Ma-.
Cranc.
Second race— Squire Johnson, Ce
dnrburg, Phalanx.
Third race— Hermencla, Red Cross
Nurse, .North West.
Course Prevents,
Fast Time Being
Recorded.
Fate of tile Portlanders
Settled in the First Two
Eounds of the Contest
rrcD-iDJ^"^r f & SEHiEOTioisrs
BY FRED E. MULIIOLLAND.
Fourth race— Honiton, Judge, Ar
cade.
Fifth race— Flaneur, Sugden, Red
Damsel.
Sixth race — Briers, Vulcala and
Volto.
Grack Eastern Rider
Is First on Bab
\ and The Mighty
SOLDIER ATHLETES IN GOOD FORM
Exciting Competition /Is Witnessed by a Big Crowd at Presidio
SEALS STILL
IN THE GOING
JOCKEY DAVIS STRIKES A WINNING CLIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER IS, 1904.
COMMUTERS ARE ONCE AGAIN IN THE LEAD , FOR THE PENNANT
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Trunks
and Bags
Arriving every week. Oar stock
of trunks, suit cases and - leather
is absolutely without peer
in the city. We would be glad
to show you our line of goods
even if you don't buy. Come and
see us. |
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis StreetUnited States Coast and . Geodetic Survey —
. Time and Height of High and Low Waters
1 at. Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. -Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.' '¦¦•¦'¦ •
NOTE: — The high and low- waters ' occur at
the cjrty front (Mission-street wharf) about -23
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Th* Meatner Umatllla aalled on Wednesday
for Victoria with an aeeorted merchandise
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
the principal British Columbian ports valued
at $ttd aad Including the following: 353
rkg» fresh fniit*. 37 pkg» fresh vegetables
60.210 lt» raUlns. 3075 lb» dried fruit. 67 pkgi
paste. 1C3 c* canned roodi, 2520 lbs meals
tl pks» crocerlea' and provisions, 260 gals
Exports by the UmaUlla.
The Brltith •hlp» Dltton and Wavetree and
th«r German ship Seefahrer will proceed In
fcaliact to Kydn»y Heuda for orders
The schooner Sequoia is chartered for general
merchandise from this port to Mazatian To-'
pclobampo and San Hlas.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping; Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
FAMILY ALLOWANCE.— Jennie L. Pieper.
widow of Robert Pieper. who died October 30.
•was yesterday granted $*0O a month from the
estate for the maintenance of herself and 17
year-old son. Frederick.
' The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. .e.. ,»t noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time, i J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgraphle Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
,. November 17. 1904.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 1$. .
Sun • rises <"»:&*
Sun t«ta *:«"
Mocn sets » -:23 a. m.
b [Time! ITlmel. [Time! ITImej
» ! FU ! 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. i 1 Ft.
? !l W| 1H W| [L_W2_ WJ*\
IS lTHe! 1.7fs:23 5.11! 2:47 i 1.6j 8:301 4.0
10 2:l« 2.11 9:»J 0..:a:17 l.d! 9:321 4.1
•>U 2B 2.2! 9:2S 5.4 V.V2 0.9 10:37 4.3
21 S:30 2.4 0:53 3.5 4:K 0.2:11:23 4.2
«•» 4-07 2.110:20 5.8' 5:03 —0.2
f" H W |L W H W L W
23 I 0-0fi 4 3j 1:42 ' 2.C lA:»">0 R.6 5:43»— 0.5
24 I 0:52 4.5< 5:24] 2.7|U:2* 5.6j 6:25!— O.«
-KOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth tlmo column gives the last tide of the
day except when thert are but three tides, a*
sometimes occurs. The heights given arrf In
addition to the soundings ot the United Statea
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
eiven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ts the mean
pt the lower low waters.
TO. ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Chag. Nelson. San Pedru INov. IS
Aurelia Portland & Astoria I Nov. IS
Del Norte Crescent City INov. 18
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.'Nov. 13
Elizabeth u'cqulllc River ...'Nov. 18
Chehalls • San Pedro ..jNov. IS)
Titanla 'oyster Harbor [Nov. 19
Peru New York via Ancon.-INov. 1!J
San Pedro San Pedro INov. 1ft
Jeanle Seattle A Tacoma INov. 19
Corona Humboldt :...INov. 19
Coronado Grays Harbor jNov. 19
Sequoia i Willapa Harbor 'Nov. 20
O. Llndauer.. ! Grays Harbor (Nov. 20
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports Nov. 20
Saxonia Hamburg & Way Pt'.INov. 20
Menes Hamburg & Way Pta.lN'ov. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. .«.! Nov. 20
Arctic Humboldt INov. 20
W*. Kruger Humboldt INov. 29
S.Monica San Pedro INov. 21
Sonoma Sydney & Wav Ports. 'Nov. 21
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.|Nov. 21
North Fork..- Humboldt INov. 21
Newburg Gray* Harbor ¦ INov. 21
Northland Portland &. Astoria [Nov. 2t
Porno Point Arena & Albion. (Nov. 22
City Puebla. . . Puget €ouni Ports. .. .INov. 2:1
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. .jNov. 22
Pomona Humhcldt INov. 22
Eureka Humboldt ..INov. 22
S. Barbara. j Grayw Harbor INov. 23
Chlco 4 Ccquilie River i Nov. 23
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.jNov. 2t
Point Arena. . Mendoclno A Pt. Ar^naNov. 21
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 21
Argo Eel River Ports ......Nov. 2t
Breakwa ter . . . Coos Ray Nov. 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria INov. 25
San Juan New York vis Ancon,.|Nov. '.'5
Korea ' China Ac Japan ;. .iNov. 21
C r Dollar....; Grays Harbor iNov. 23
Memphis Seattle 2H
Curacao ..Mexican Ports (Nov.- 27
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. .. .'Nov. 27
Alliance. . ...V Portland & Way Ports. !Nov. 2~
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
November 18.
Montara#..- Seattle direct 4 pm Pier 9
Redondo Astoria & Portland 1 pm-Pler 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30plPier 9
G. W. Elder] Astoria & Portland 11 am'PItr 21
¦-v*"^ -•::¦. •¦•,•> ! Kavember 19. |
San Pedro. .! Humboldt 4 pmlPier" 2
Breakwater.' Coos Bay direct... 5 pmlPier 8
Argo jEe! River Ports.... 4 pmlPier 2
Point Aren*t Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
roos Bay.-. ¦*¦ San Pedro & "Way. 0 am Pier 11
Alame da... i Honolulu Ill am Pier 7
Cy. Panama N. ¦ Y. via Ancon..lt2 m!Pler 40
Aurelia 'Astoria A Portland 4 pmtPter 27
Eureka..--- Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Manchuria. China & Japan I pm Pier 40
1 Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 20
I Cali'ornlan. New York direct .Pier 25
Chehalls Grays Harbor 3-pmlPier 2
November 20. |
IwVICniger. t-oi Angeles Ports. 2 pro [Pier 2
I S. Rosa San Dltgo & Way. 0 am Pirr 11
. ITovember 21. I
I Corona Humboldt.' l:30p!Pier 9
S.Monlca.- Grays Harbor. 2 pro 'Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amIPIer 9
Northland.. "Los-Angeles Ports.lll amfPier 27
November 22. j
Arcata Coos B. ¦& Pt. 0rfd|12 m'pier IS
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pmlPier 2
November -23. |
Arctic. . . : • • Humboldt ,. 9 ami Pier 2
Newburg..- Grays Harbor : 4 pmlPIer 10
Bonlta Newport A Way. . 9 am Pier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 23
Coronado..- Grays Harbor .... 4 pm'Pler 10
November 24.
G Llndauerj Grays Harbor 4 pm|PIer 10
jeanle • Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier 20
Porno i Pt. Arena A Albion 6 pm Pier 2
I State of Cal San Diego A Way. n amlPler 11
, Sequoia Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm'Pler 20
OCT * . November 25. |
N. Fork.... Humboldt ..-. 9 amIPier 20
'Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am'Pler 7
; November 26. .
Coptic. ..¦--• China A Japan I pm Pier 40
Cit> Fuebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Peril....... N.Y. vlaAncon.. 12 m'Pier 40
Rainier Seattle A E\-erttt. 4 pmjPle^aO'
FROM SEATTLE. ~
Bteamer. , DesUnation. x ' Sail».
Jefferson Skagway A Way Ports. Nov. IS
Farallon...... Skagway A Way Ports. Nov. 19
Cottage i City. Skagway A Way Ports. Nov.' 21
Dolphinl....- Skagway A Way Ports. Nov. 23
Humboldt.... Skagway A Way Port*. Nov. 24
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the sarne at bo:h pia.ee*.
The steamship George W. Elder was:
inspected yesterday by Rear Admiral ¦
Kempff and Captains Guthrle andDolan, j
assistant United States local inspectors, i
Some of the cork life preservers were I
found to be unable to sustain the pro- i
scribed weight of 27^ pounds In the j
water and were accordingly con- j
demned. 'Two Ifeboats were found !
to need some ¦ repairs and the re- j
pairs were ordered. Three metal life ;
rafts- were pronounced defective and
were condemned. In all other respects j
the inspectors reported the vessel in
first-class condition. The old floating ,
test for life preservers was twenty-four
pounds, but a recent .regulation since '
the ship was last Inspected requires a.
test of 27»a pounds. i
Some Deficient Ufe Preservers and
Three Metal RaTts Found on Board
and Promptly Condemned.
STEAMSHIP GEORGE W. ELDER
VISITED BY INSPECTORS
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Movements of Steamers.
Favor Extending Government Cable.
SEATTLE, Nov. 17. — A concerted
effort of the business interests
throughout this portion of the North
west, backed by General Greely, chief
signal officer of the army, will result,
it. is believed, in the presentation to
C< ngress of a bill providing for the
extension of the Government cable
system to Dutch Harbor. Alaska,
with a view of ultimately extending it
to Japan and the Philippines.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. Nov. 17.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorrenson, 32 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. 18 sours from Caspar;
bound south: called in for pawengers.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. 18 hours from
Mendoclno. via Point Arena 12 hours.
v S:mr Jas S Hisglns, Higgins. 17 hours from
Fort Bragg; bound south; called In to- land
pasfcngeri.
Stmr Marir-oea. Rennie, 11 days 21 hour*
and 21 minutes from Tahiti.
Stmr Ox>s Bay. Leland, G4 hours from San
Pedro and way oorte.
s'tmr Alcazar, Wtnkel. 16 hours from Green
wood.'
Stmr Santa Rcna. Alexander, 42 hours from
San Pieco.
Stmr Gualala. Kalnln, 13 hours from Delmar.
Stmr Bee, Wehman, 31 hours from Alcatraz
Landing.
Stmr Argo. Dunham, 36 hours from Eel
River.
Br ship ArdencrRlg. Chapman,. S5 days from
Newcastle, Acs.
Fr bark Marechal de Villars, Riousl, 56 days
from Newcastle. Aus.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from' Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday, Nov. 17.
Stmn Arsryll, Gllboy, Kahulul; Union Oil
Companv
Fr bark Le Ptller. David. Sydney; F. Henry.
Schr Lottie Bennett, Rasmui>»en. Vancouver,
B C and Iquique; George E Billings.
SAILED.
Thursday. Nov. 17.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr State of California. NlcoJson, San Di
ego and way port*. r
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Jan S Higgins. Higgins, San Pedro.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fosen, Aberdeen.
Stmr Porno. Ahlln, Albion.
Fr bark Marguerite Mirabaud, L« Trevedle,
Sydney.- , .
Br bark Inverclyde, Kinjr, Sydney."
Schr G W Watson. Weltkunat, Portland.
RETURNED.
Thursday, Nov. 17. '
Frbark Marguerite Mlrabaud. htnee this
a m; on account of bar being rough.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. N'ov 17, .10 p m— Weather
feggy; wind SE: velocity 4 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Nov 17. 8 a m —
Stmr Bonlta, for San Pedro. 1
BALLARD— Sailed Ncv 17— Echr Ruth E
Godfrey, for Rtdondo.
PORT I-OS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 17-,
; Ger ship Carl, from Hamburg.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 17 — Stmr Chehalts,
from Snn Ptdro. '-'. :.-.
Arrived Nov 17 — Stmr San Pedro, for
! Huenerne.
DRAKES BAT — Nov 17 — Bark Mohican,
: from Honolulu anchored In bay.
MUKILTEO— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Pedro.
EUREKA- Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Celia, for
San Francisco.
Arrived N.ov 17 — Stmrs Arctic *and "W H
Kruger. hence Nov 16. Nov 17 — Stmr Phoenix,
! hence Nov 1«; stmr Alliance, hence Nov IB for
Coos Bay and Portland. Ore.
REDONDO — Arrived Xov 17 — Stmr Geo
Loomls, hence Nov 15, and sailed for San
Francisco.
Sailed Nov 17— Strnr Chai Nelson, for; San
i Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 17— Bktn John
C Mevtr. from Everett.
Sailed Nov 17 — Schr Philippine, for San
Diego.
TATOOSH— Passed In Nov 17— Ft bark La
Tour d'Auvergne, from Lelth, for Seattle:
*chr Eric, from Santa Rosalia, for Grays
Harbcr.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Man
dalay. for Ban Franclaco.-
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 17— Ger ship -Alder.
! beran, for Queenstown; Fr ship Desalx, fcr
Queenrtown.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Sailed Nov 17 — Br «tmr Mo
ana, for Vancouver: «tmr Sierra, for Sydney;
Br etmr Doric, for Hongkong.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed up
Nov 1 16 — Stmr Hawaiian, from Honolulu, for
Philadelphia. -
FOREIGN: PORTS.
ANCON — Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Newport,
hence Oct 15.
COLON— Arrived Nov 16 — Stmr Alllanca,
from New York.
Sailed Nov 16 — Etmr City of Washington,
for " New York.
HIOGO— Arrived Oct 21 — Br stmr Machaon,
from Tacoma. /
WALMER— Passed Nov 15— Fr shiD B«
rangere. from Newcastle, Eng. for Ban Fran
cisco. ¦ ¦-.¦.•- -. .• -
VEOS'TKOR — Passed Nov 15 — Ger «huj Ore
gon from Antwerp, for San Francisco:
KOBE: — Sailed Nov 14 — Ship E B Button.
for New York. • .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Not 12— Br stmr Tar
tar for Vancouver.- '¦' -
HONGKONG— Arrived/Nov 17— Stmr Amer
ica Maru. hence Oct 19. t
The following changes were made in the post j
lights of the Willamette ar.d Cclumbia rivers '
October 11. anJ affect the List of Lights and_
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 1904:
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Enttrrrise Landing Range Post Lights, page I
32. af'.er No. l.">2 (List or Lights. Buoy» and J
Oaymarks. Pacific Coast. 1904, page tiO) — The :
tollowing described lights were established to
mark a range line ever Hunter Ehoal:
Front L'cht — A fixed white ix>8t lantern,
suspended. 1« feet above the water, from an
arm on a white stake, having a white and red
vertitaily btriped 6<juare target, on the west
erly bask of the Columbia River about ltXX)
feet southerly irom Enterprise Landing. Lett
tangent to Sandy Vlar.rJ, N by E; right tangent
to t'andy Island. NE by E "j E: outer end old
f^rry tlip Hunter, SE l i E.
U$ar Light— A fixed white post-lantern light,
surpended, 23 feet above the wtjAer, from an
arm on a white staki-. havintrtt vertically
r.tr!ped white and red diamond-shaped target,
snd abjut 350 feet NW by W % W of the pre
ceding.
Sr-ndy Island Channel Range Post Lights,
T-ag~ 34, Nos. 1X5 and 134 (Lift of Lights.
Buoys and Daymarkg. Pacific Coast. lU(>t) —
Those two post-lantern lights — front, fixed red:
rear, fixed white — were mfived about 1150 feet
southeasterly.
Fror.; Light— Height above water and gen
eral <it-£cripticn unchanged.
Rear Light— Suspended, 25 feet above the
water, in ihe tame manner as formerly, on
the westerly side of the Columbia River. Ore
gon. anti about 400 feet S by £ 1« £ of the
preceding.
Hunters Post Light, page 34. No. 135 (List
cf Lights, Bucys and Pajinarks, Pacific Coast,
1904. page 00). was discontinued.
Bybee Landing Post Light, page 34. after
\o. 137 (List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks.
Pacific Coast. 1904, page «0)— A fixed white
pest lantern light, suspended, 20 feet above
the water, from an arm on a single pile, was
established on the northerly bank of the Co
lumbia River. Washington, and about two
thirds of a mile SE by E >i K from Hoffman
Landing Peat Light. Right tangent to Martin
Island, SE-i-i S: outer ena Deer Island Jetty,
£ S E; outer end old ferry slip Hunter. WNW
*± W. northerly.
Kxrtia Island Lower Post Light, page 34.
No. i:;S (Lift of Lights, Burrys and Daymarks.
Pacific Coast lfHVJ. page Cf>) was discontinued.
Henricl Larding Range Post LJg>«s. page 34,
No. 147 and affr No. 147 (List of Lights.
Bucys and T>ss'marks. Pacific Coast. 1904. page
Cl) — An additional fixed white post-lantern
light was crtabliihed to mark a range lino to
the Wajhlngton shore.
Front Light (formerly Henricl Landing Pon
Light) — A white and red vertically striped
square target was placed on the stake frem
¦rfaScb the lantern Is shown, no other change
be.'cg trade.
Rear Light — Suspended. 25 feet above the
tiat»-r. from a white stake, having a vertically
jnrip^ii white and rcj diamond-shaped target,
and .-sboiJt CO feet NW by W 'i W of the
ppw-f-tfinR.
Low«r W!l!cw' Bar Range Post Lights, page
."M. N'cs. 143 and ISO <L!.<rt r.f Ughts. Buoys
and r>y:r:ark*. pargc «il)— Thesa two fixed
white rx-st-lantern llchts mark a range line
a!"ng the Vv'ashington Fhore.
Front light (formerly Lower TVillow Bar
I>5xier Pest Light) — A white «nd red vertically
striped square target wtp placed on the pile
frcm which tho lantern is shown, no other
ch.inge b<-lnR made.
Rear Light (formerly Willow Bar Upper ;
Port Lisht)— Moved about half a mile X by W
W of its former position, and Is now »us
pen<W. -TO teet above the water, from an arm
on a white stage, about 400 feet X *, W o[ the
priced irgr.
i;ri>er Willow Bar Range Post Lights, pago ¦
38. Nos. 151 and 162 (List of Lights". Buoys
and Dnymark*, Pacific Coast, 19<>4. page 62) —
Tfuse two fixed white post-lantern lights were
moved abcut a third of a mile to th« north
ward.
Front Urht— Sunpended. 10 feet above the
water, from a white stake, having a ver- '
tlcaKy striped white and red square target. •
Rear Light — Suspended. 25 fe«t above the
water, from a white stake, having a \-ertlfallj»»'
striped white and red diamemd-ehaped target,
and about SCO feet N % E from the preceding.
Swan Inland Bar Lower Post Light, page 3S,
No. JUT (List cf Lights. Buoyg and Daymarks, I
Pacific Coast lWM. page W>— Heretofore re- I
ported carried away, waa replaced and the I
light re-established September 26. i
The following affects the List of Lights,
Bucys and Daymarks, Pacific Coast, 1904:
OREGON.
Seacoast of Oregon, page 89-^-CoquIHe Buoy,
a red flrst-clasi nun. marked "Coqullle" In
white, heretofore reported adrift, 1 waa replaced
September 8.
Umpqua River Entrance. pae« 4G— Inside bai
buoy a PS. tecond-claaa nun. heretofore re
ported adrift, was replaced October 24.
Yaqulna Bay Entrance, pag* 47 — South end
o t reef boor No. 1. a black first-class can,
reported adrift October 81, will be -replaced
as «oori as practicable. ...
OREGON AND WASHINGTON. V
Columbia River Entrance, page 51 — Clatsop
Spit buoy No. 12, a red flrat-class nun, found
rrltfing October 12, was replaced the fame
day.
Columbia Rlvfr, Actorla to Mouth 6f WH
lamette Rrv*r. pages 55. 60 and 62 — South aide
of middle ground buoy No. 3, a black first
class can. found out of . position October : 11.
was r i placed the same day.
Hunter Shoal buoy No. 1. a black first-class
suar. waa established October 11 In twenty-
t tur feet of watw to mark the lower edge
of Hunter Shoal: Ahle Point pot light, E %
Notice to Mariners.
wine. .-JO/jOO lbs salt. 510 lbs dried fish, 25
r^ table preparation*. 3002 lbs chocolate, 41.'
lbs (.-offee. S pkgs electrical ¦ supplies. 4 cs dry
BooJs. 22 pkgs machinery, 1<> ore cars, 5
bblj- cocoir.ut oil, 33 cs arms and ammunition.
'2 ruils leather.
The steamer a!so carried 36.775 lb»- raisin*
trd C;75 lbii dried fruit, valued at *174S. en
routs to Calgary. North-wrest Territory.
WOODLAND, Nov. 17. — Judge Gad
dis tolday granted a non-suit in the
contest of the will of the late Lorenz
Heinz, who left an eAate valued at
$60,000 to his three children, August
and Lucia Heinz and Mrs. Julia Cas
sell, cutting on* Charles and Theodore
Heinz, sons by a former marriage,
with' the bequest of $50 each. The
two last named attacked the will, al
leging undue influence. Judge Gad
dis held that the attempt to establish
undue influence had failed.
Court Sustains the Heinz Will.
FRENCH BARK MARGUERITE MI
RABAUD. WHICH WAS OBLIGED
TO RET0.RN TO. PORT.
SaileJ Xcv 10— -Br stror Knmress of India,
for Vimcoaver.
SAX EEN'ITO— Sai>d Nov H— Ger stnir
Mfnei, fir San Francisco.
TAHITI— Arrived Oct 1(>— Nor bark Krlem
hlld from the Leeward Islands. Oct 14 — £>r
stmf Uotoklno, from Auckland. N Z. touching
at Rarotonca and Raiatea. Oct IS — Fr gun
bcat Ze!ee. from Xcumta. Oct 25 — Ital bark
L.cthair. from Honolulu. Nov I — Fr cruiser
Prott»t from Noumea; stmr Mariposa, hence
Oct 2»V
Sailed Ott IB — Br stmr Uotoklnc. for Auck
land. . X Z. Nov 5— Stmr Mariposa, for San
Francisco. ' ' v *
DOVKR— Passed N'ov 17— Ger stmr Luxor,
hence July 1« for Hamburg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Vic
torian, from Liverpool; stmr Xumidlan. from
Glas-K-.w.
Sailed Xov 17— Stmr La Lorraine, for Havre;
itmr I^aurentian. for Glasgow. • .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Xov l"— Stmr Bal
tic, for New York.
NAPLES— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr Germania,
from New York. ' -. .
Sailed Nov 15— Stmr Cltta dl Napoli, for
New York. - v .. •
Water Front Notes.
The «te«m*hlrj Pinance. bound from Colcn
•or New Tcrk. previous'j- reporttd at Tyhee
: bi- a»ith her rudder c-»rri«ii away. 1* to
•*:» for "JCew York to-mnrrow..
• T»^ Oce«LBlc't-:ejtmsh!p Company's lin«r Alt
:r*«l*. Captain I>owd*U. wili t«l! - to-morrcw
)vr Honolulu with a full list of passengers.
- Tht «t easier Rosecrans will rail to-day for
Monterey, there to take a cargo cf oil for
H<>nolu!u.
Th« Pacific Mail Company's liner M*n
• hurl* will B«ii t.»-mtrrow icr the Orient with
*:i the fr*:sU her capacious holds will ac
•.••.'rrmrdate.
Th* Panama liner Teru is due here to
ujorro»t from the isthmus and way ports.
The rate of reinsurance en the NorwtxUn
bark Kinn was advanced ye>ter!ay U» 75 prr
• Sfc# in naw out 112 days from Baenos
Afnf for Falm.futh. The other overdae*/»re
QViO'-fAJ a& foliOTtf. PIrene. 05 iVr cent; Trbop,
23 ptr r^at. and Shenir, 5 per cent.
Th« J*ark Mt-hican. Captain Kel!y. bound
10 this i-ert frim Honolulu, »»: reported yfr
!*:<!*>¦ at anchor off Drakes Bay an<l Qytac
Signal* for a tug-K«t. The .Spretksi* tuc
!.«ur.?»o*E. Cai'tair. was- at <<nc» *<nt to
br'.rwr her in- Th» vestker in tne vicinity of
th ( Uark's ant_horase w^s thici and the wind
li»-ht and Captain Kelly's action in taking
!)¦« thane* «n a trea<:heroui tiiore in considered
on ait i>i wie-dom, ;?- t~'
»
iiic Overt! ne List
The bar »as fw«akine li< &\ Sly jeserday anf!
*he French bark Marguerite bound
(tit f«>r Hy«<ney. wit obliged to return to port.
ht-r commnuder fearing ' to risk his ve«el
«mcsg the thundering waves. The British
hark Invfr«~ly«ie.. however, also bour.d for
H;-:n»y. m«uage»l to get Etfe!y through the
breakers to the ¦-y+'J «*a. wher? the *pr.-aJ j
I:' i 4.-«nva« ¦n-irtr and Malted on her Ions
vuyaE* trj th« ct*:er *lde of the I'aciftc.
Is Anchored Off Drakes Ba\
Tuttrr Bear Ordered to Honolulu
Th» Initial State? revenue cutter B^ar has
h**n ordered 10 Ht«io!ulu. to remain there until
th» time ccnies. cext year, for her trip to
t!i<- Arctir. whither the wtIT ko direct from
the inland |*ort- Ca^fain Hara'.et. now en
the Thetis, will be detached and placed in
¦¦ rrsiasd of the Ji«ar and c.-rders are expected
:¦_¦,- « number c f . ether officer*.
I'lic Bur Breaking
The tencace at present en the way to this
ixrt is j>rib«bly the '.ighte^t in the history
of f?ar; i"ranc:> t '-r> yjnc* it attained commercial
irrportanc. At thlF time Itft year the ton
r.aite en the way amounted to IXS.3C3. Th«
traiWCT at pT^s^m on the way \* only 02.197.
• nd o: th:» *X.~<?.* represent* J. J. Hill's new
Iir>^r UinjMseta and fteaimn of the Kosmos
«r.«l American-Hawaiian lines. Kliminat'^r
thes* the tonnage on its way here Is offy
3.OS.
Small Tonnajrc on the Wsjy Here,
The MaripOffa. eai?Ie into port look
ir:^ !:kc- a yacht, and Captain Rennie
made such a splendid docking that
Captain H. Z. Howard, the Oceanic
Steamship Company's- superintendent,
\va« constrained to take a hand him
self at making fast her lines in order
that nothing on the shore end might
mar the skillfully managed arrival
alongside. , ; ;
The Mariposa brought passengers as
follow*: Captain John Metcalf. Mr.
and Mrs. C. H. Nickiin. F. W. Searby.
Charles Levy, Julien Le\-y. Joseph M.
Prstt. Joseph A. Magnier. W. S.
Rponton. B. A. Osterhondt and three
Chinese merchants. Siu Kong Nui, Lon
Fah and Nau gan.
_,
£he brought on* of the largest car
gves ever loaded at the South Sea port
and it included cocoanuts. "copra,
mother-of-pearl shells, fungus, van
illa and frr.it. Of cocoaruits in husk
she brought 24.980 and 677 sacks of
tht- liuts hufked. There were 19,963
si:fks of copra. 331 packages of van
illa and 252 sacks of shells.
Among the passengers was Captain
John Metcalf, Lloyds representative
at this city, who ;oox the voyage as tho
most ideal form of a rest after a sea
son cf hard work. Captain Metcalf
speaks highly of the delights of Tahi
ti und pronounces the voyage on the
Mariposa as a yachting trip of the
Mist order. As a rest cure he and the
other passengers recommend the trip
to all weary workers and to those
t* c-kir-ff new fields for pleasure travel
t!ie cruise is recommended as being
really different and worth while.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Mariposa. Captain Rennie. ar
rived here yesterday from Tahiti, her
passengers bronzed by the tropic sun
and in her hold nearly 2000 tons of
the fragrant products of the South rfea
island. She left Papeete about noon
of November 5 and was 11 days 19
hours and 23 minutes making the run
N: left tangent to Sand Island. N by W;
outer er.d old ferry slip. Hunter, SE V* S.
Reeder Crossing buoy No. <i, a red flrst
clae» spar, found out of twsition October 11.
was replaced the same day.
Willamette River, Channel Above Portland,
page 64 — Clackamas Rapids buoy No. 2, a red
third-clats *por, was established October 1".
to mark a ledge of rocks . covered at high
wp.ter.
Tualltan River buoy No. 1. a black thlfd
class spar, was discontinued October 17.
Tualitan River buoy No. 4. a red thlrd
cla*s 'spar, was established October 17 In
three fe<?t of water.
WASHINGTON.
Grays Harbor Entrance, paqe 71 — Inner buoy,
a PS. fir.<t-clas«i nun, found missinjc Novem
ber II, was replaced the same day.
Juan de Fuca Strait, pase 74— Middle Point
bvoy No. 4. a red fir»t-elaiss nun, found miss
ing October 25. wai replaced the same day.
Pclnt Wilson buoy No. 6, a red first-class
nun. heretofore reported missing, was replaced
October SB.
Admiralty Inlet, pagj 7*5 — Tala Point buoy
No. 1, a black first-class epar, found adrift
November 1. was replaced the same day.
Puget Sound, page 77— Stellacoom iTollva.
Shoal) buoy, a HS. second-class nun, found
missing November 7, was replaced the same
day.
Hale Passage, page S2 — Point Migley buoy.
a HS. »*cond-cla«s nun. found adrift Novem
ber 4. was replaced the same day.
Canal de Haro. page S* — Clements Reef buoy
No. 2, a red second-class nun. found missing
November 4, was replaced the same day.
ALASKA.
Sumner Strait, page S8— McArthur Reef
buoy, a HS. second-class can. heretofore re
ported out of position, via replaced Septem
ber 30.
By order of the lighthouse board.
L. C, HEILNEK,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Liner Is Favored
by Summer
Weather.
Has Large Cargo
of Tropical
Products.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17—5 p. m.
' Tb« following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston «-30 New York .44-30 I
Chicago 54-42 Philadelphia .....56-32 (
Cincinnati - «0-32 Pittsburg 53-30
Jacksonville 66-48; St. Louia «H-44
New Orleans 70-541 Washington 5S-30
SAN FRANCISCO 62-52
IThe following are the seasonal rainfalls to \
date, as compared with those of the same f
date last season and rainfalls in last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last ¦
Stations — 24' hours. Season. Season.
• Eureka 0.62 7.10 10.l>4 •
Red Bluff 0.01 9.50 2.67
Sacramento 0.00 0.24 . 1.19 ,
San Francisco 0.00 7. 85 1.57.-
Fresno 0.00 5.05 0.19
Independence 0.00 0.47 0.42
San Luis Oblspo ... 0.00 4.69 0.14
Loa Angel«s 0.00 ' 1.13 0.43
San Diego 0.00 * 0.16 0.07-
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. S *£5n?§ 92. e.
i ? I •• i K
'On' •
Baker .30.00 50 42 E Cloudy .02;
Carson 30.08 fi2 26 S Pt.Cldy .00:
Eureka 30.12 58 54 S\V Rain .82"!
I Fr«sno 30.14 70 40 .. Clear .CO*
Flagstaff 30.20 64 IS E Oar .<JO ;
Pocatello 30. OC .60 30 SE Cloudy .00.;
Los Angeles ..30.06 7S 50 W Clear .00 |
Phoenix 30.0*1 80 44 NW. Clear .00'
Portland 29. 9S 52 43 S Rain .32j
Red Bluff ,...30.12 CO 4$ S Cloudy .01 .t
Roseburg 30.04 5S 44 E Rain .M}
Sacramento .'30:14 64 44. SE Pt.Cldy .00 .
Salt Lake 30.10 62 34 NW Cloudy .(10 j"
San F»ancisco.30.1S 62 52 W Cloudy .0*> i-
S. L. Oblspo.. 30.12 70 44 X\V CTear .00 ; :
San Diego 30.04 74 50 NW Claar .00'
Seattle 30.02 52 .. NE Cloudy .011
Spokane 20.W n2 46 SW Cloudy T. {
Tatoosh 30.00 54 48 N'W Cloudy .t" j
, Walla Walla.. 20. 90 02 4t S ' Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca 1.3O.0S 02 20 W <1ojdy T. ,
Yuma 30.02 SO 44 E Clear .W0 j
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECAST. ;
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion "of i'.\e Pacific Slop« and fair oyer'th*
southern. Light rain lias fallen from extreme
Northern California northward.
' The pressure has risen rapidly over Wash- :
ing tun and Oreeon and fallen over Idaho, j
Nevada and Utah.
The temperature changes have been slight j
in ail districts. i
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty ;
hours ending miclnlsht. November IS:
Northern California — Cloudy Friday, with ;
showers on northwest coast; fresh southwest;
winds-
Southern California— Fair Friday; light west |
winds. i
Nevada— Cloudy Friday. '
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday; |
fresh west winds. 1
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Friday; light ,
west winds. / j
Sacramento and vicinity — C!oudy Friday. i
Fresno and vicinity— Fair Friday. * ;
G. H. WILLSON. I
Local Forecaster. Temporarily In Charge. J
The accident occurred after the con
clusion of thi» performance at the
Mason Opera -house last night, where
Miss Rudolph is playing. Praed called
for Miss Rudolph after the theater had
closed and took her for a ride in the
country. Returning, several hours
later. Praed took charge" of the ma
chine and coming into the city at. a
high rafp of speed turned the machine
from the i-oad near the city limits and
ran it over. a. ten-foot embankment,
overturning it and pinning the occu
pants beneath. Praed was killed and
Miss Rudolph and Fry were so seri
ously injured that they v.'ere unable
to eo for assistance.
The accident happened near the
tracks of the electric road and the oc
cupants of a work train pasing by the
spot some time later discovered the
overturned car. Praed was dead when
p'eked up. Miss Kudolp.h and , Fry
were placed aboard the train and
brought hastily to this city.
At the Receiving Hospital it was
found that ilisr Rudolph was suffer
ing- from concussion of the brain and
oth'.T injuries of a serious character.
It is feared that she may also .be in
jured internally- She was removed thid
morning, to the Angelus Hotel, where
she .was staying. •* :
Praed was 2S years old and unmar
ried. He was prominent in the city in
which he resided. His mother, Mrs.
Cttmpbeli Praed, is a well-known liter
ary woman. The family is a wealthy
one, -the members of. which reside in
Knglanrl.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17.— Miss Mina
Rudolph, leading lady of the "San Toy"
Company, who, was injured in Loa An
jreles this morning, is a native of Sac
ramento, tihe is a sister of Mrs. Ed
ward Cadwalladtr, the wife of the late
Kdward Cadwallader, who was once .a,
prominent citizen of this rity.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— As a re
sult of an .automobile accident which
occurred iu the suburbs of the city at
an early hour "this morning Humphrey
Praed, assistant general manager of
the San Jacinto Land Company- of
Riverside, Cal.. i3 dead and Miss Mina
Rudolph, leading lady of the "San Toy"
Opera Company.' and C. S. Fry. chauf
feur, are badly hurt.
Argil 3Iuia Rudolph, Leading
& Lady of the "San^Toy" Com
pany. Has Narrow Escape
C40 OVER- -EMBANKMENT
and Actress Is Injured
Riverside Man Is Killed in
an Automobile Accident
Weather Report.
MIDNIGHT RIDE
ENDS IN DEATH
/HE SAN ERANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER IS, 1904.
MARIPOSA ARRIVES FROM TAHITI
11
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday "Call.
A Ten-Pound Sack of -
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
Flour on the Market.
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
AD\TEKTlSEMjDfTS.
f|r Gut the Can j^
and compare ths quality of Ega
8 Evaporated m
W dream m
any of Its imitations.
&g Note the difference. See how
lSsl smooth and appetizing our^^
product is, owing to it3
heavy consistence, which £ag
. KrJ keeps the butter fat equally figi
r£« distributed ,"n contrast with
|p| the cheap and thir. imita- Jfeg
f$Wi tions which allow the but- c^gl
ter fat to rise and form f sxgL
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge fr;om 1 to 4 p. m.
thai
Itself"
tMDLY PRESS
The most perfect fountain pen yet pro-
duced. Do*s not soil the Kn<?r>, never
sweats. Is always reaiiy and doe? not drip.
If you ure a Conkl'.n ence you'll never
have anything but a ("onklln Pen after-
"»-ard. I'rice I*:{.«K> and up.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES of a!l
kinds at popular price».
ANSGO Cameras are high grade and al-
ways dependable: ifa.Oa and up.
CYKO Photo Paper insures p«r;ect de-
tail. Print? bv artificial filfht. Try It.
KODAK DEVELOPING AND PRIXTIXG
AT CUT PRICES.
Printing — Sol'o finish. 3c to 5c; VeW>x
• finish. :ie to «e.
Developing— Koll of six, lOc; roll of
12. .ISc.
Cameras of all klnd.V repaired at moderate
Mail Orders' Promptly Filled
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS." The Stationer. •
1008 MAEMT STEEET. Ow. Tilth.
SAX FRANCISCO.
f) visit DR. -JORDAN'S qrcat^
dSUSEUg OF AHAT0EJY4
0 ) S^ i::i iU2ZZ ' 5t - *«*- ***!* s.r.:ii. A
\ Cf Ti« Lar;«t Amtcmicul Muw-ni in tkc \
/I ,-ijL^ World. *V eikne»-e» or *:iy r.<u«c»»'! m
« tSSfiVvJ dimse r*"»»«»»»'r»nre<l.,ytlic oldest T
O | %H tj I (Speoiiis; on the Ce ul E*i.jijezn. Q
A l\^0l C3. •lURCAN-O'SHASF.S OF KEN Q
Q S Tc*«!T H Troattnent prr-o«»!.y or b» le'ter. A Q
' H <T Si if ***"*** <^ T * «» :»ify e»je undemhm. T
ABjf UtS n '.:e f-,r P-.ok Pmi.O%t>l-nv ar A
V J 11^ »*»HI*Se, MAILED P*E«. (A.Y
A LJ. nniahlr book (or aim) \
(/ nn. a«.'cx>A» &<o.. iosi M^rtetMt..?. r. V
/^%. Dr. (gibbon's Dispensary,
£, ifF'^'S'aiii fS'*4 for ;¦*» trtatm-i:t nf Crlvato
Pfl ift, .3|5f ni-wa^e*. I--'-t -M..ni.f....:. Dehi'.ity «r
iu EStfiSa 1 ' •-•"»» S" 'v^t.-uiion hodyarnl min>ian<l
2: SBBwUSC Mcih l)is^n«es- Tlie Doctoretiri*s'»li«-n
r^sJKQSVj^th^rs f.;! 1 . Try him rhnnfn Inxv.
?'^i-^B52i3«'urr»ffuar»4i» »<¦«•«!. C..I! or wr;ie.
Dr. J. V. CiinnOM.tiaii Kran-lsco- CaL
_^
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSi
M LEAVeS DAILY AT83O A.M.g
g^ WITH OINtRS AMD SLEEPERSgj
Other Santa. Te Trains:
7 :30 a. m. | ror Stockton. Fresno. Bakers3eUL
S-Wp" nt/* Merced. Hantonl aad Vlsalla.
4:00p'.m. Kcr Stockton.
S:0Up.m. .For Kansas City, Grand Caayoa
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 041 Market st. and Ferrr D«pot.
Ean Francisco: alco 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Joaa.
jSpSi&pi^| To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUGiL.
Dev&rt I rein Saa FrJLaclsco, dally, at f<:oJ,
1:ii. &:25. u:lu. V:3u. ll:0u a. m.; 1:45. »aj,
«;3S, 5:1S. S.Zo. «:30. 7:15. 8:0O and Uai
p. "* %
Arrive at Saa Francisco, dally, at f«:« v ..
7:35. 8:1B. 8:5O. 3:35. 10:5O a. m.: 1:30. 3:3A.
«.2% 6:05. *:>i «:22. 6:37. 7:*0 and lluj
p. m.
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at T:43 a. m.; also Sat-
urday* at 3:15 p. nt. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
•. ¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:15 a. m. dally — Cazader© and way station*.
1 b:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazaderu.
«tc • ' - -
6:13 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomaleii. etc
TICKET OFFICE — 630 Market «t.
FERRT— Union Depot, toot of Market •«.
RAILWAY TRAVEIt.
/O^TTrTvTS. to»rrlv«»t
/°i^^^w\sAN FRANCT3CO.
V* ** *$^X Jd rmo " OmxBX* S» 1104.
- >^JC \JS <Toot of Market Street >
i-'**" - MAtN LINE. - *»"¦'
7 COa CaeavUta. ftuwi, V.-.-.m-/.. 7 SO*
7.00a Benlcla. ETralra and 8acr»ajeau>.. 7-20*
7-30* Valleja. Kapa. CatUtoc*. Santa
Roaa. Martinez. Saa Ramon S28»
7 50a Vl!»a. Tracy. L»tSrop. Stockroa.... 720»
8 COA sa«»ta ExpreM— (VU D*Tla>.
wnstam*. W'ilawt, trrnto. Ited
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-50»
t 00a D«*l». Woodland. Knigau Laadias.
SUrysTllle. OtotIIIb 7.50*
8-30* Martiaex. AntloeH Byron. Tracy.
8toc«:o3. JJewoaao. Los Baooa,
Meoivt*. Armnaa. Haaford.
Vl«»:l». i»ort«»r»!;:e 4,20»
830a Port Cotta. Modest*. Merced.
Fre»no. Oo«acn Jnnctlon, Uaa-
ford. VltalU. Bakersfleld 4-SB*
8 30* 5!!et. San .Jose. LtTennore. Stoek-
lon. (fMtltoa). lone. %ncr»menta,
MarjiTlUc. CLlcc Ued BlB« .... «.ZU»
830a (Hkaaie. Chi.ioae. Janarslowa. So-
oota. Tuolumne aad Angela « is*
8 00a AUantlc Ex?rei»— O«t»Jen sad B*»t. B Z3»
9.30a Richmond. Uartlae* aad Way
Slatlona 8 50»>
lOOOATb* OverUod Lhnlied — *'ttAm.
Oman v Chicago. Uoarer. Kaasaa
10.00A Ta^o 5 .^:::::::.::::::::::::: iSS:
1000a Lo« Aajr«!e» Pamenser — Porr'
Cotta, Martinez. Byroa, Tracy.
Latbrop. Siockian. Merced.
Ha;mon«t. Tretno. Goahea June-
t.'on, Hnnfonl. Lerccnire. Tiialla. '
Baker»aeld. 1^>« Aogele* IS*
I2.C0m Hayward. Nl>i »a<1 Way Stations. ,f * a *
? IJ30P S«rr»n«ento RlT»r Steamera. tlLOO*
3 30? B«ak:a. Winter*. Sacramento
Woodland, tvnlzht* Iutodlag.
M»r»»Ti;:e. Ororllle and way •
•Mtloaa * 8 22*
$¦30* Hayward. Ni!«samd Way Stattoaa.. 7 50»»
3 30 P Port Costa, Martinez, By roo,Tracy.
LaiUrop, Stockioa. M ode* to.
Mercetf, Beretirfa. Fr«»Tio aad
War Station ib«youd Port. Coat* 12-20*
4.0CP Uart:nex.So f?»raen.ValleJo.Sa?»-
Cail«t<ita. Santa ttoia. 9 20a
1 **.BO«?niea. Tracv. ScurScuta 1020a
4.30P Haywanl. 'Si'.ot, IrTla«toa, Saa) tS.bOA
Jo»<-. Ll»ennord > til. 50a
K.CCp Che Owl Limited— Newnwa. Lo«
B*no*. Mrnduca, Fre.'nu. l"al»r«,
B»kertdc:d.Lo§ Angeiea. 8-BOa
i ti 3Cr» IlaywarJ. KIlea autl >«n Joa« ...» 7 2Ja
6-0Cp;iaywar«I. Nile* and San Jo«o. 9 bO*
$ CUP £a»:cra Express— Omaba. Chtcaga^
Dourer. &aasas City. ti:. Louia,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacrimeatok
Colfax. Keno. Sparka. MonteUo.
OsUea 12.50P
8.00p Vallejo. dally, except biuvlay... . t 7 en.
7-OCPValiejj. Snu<iay only f '"••'
70Cp I.I' -ism..!!!:. -i,a Pa! !->. Port Coaia, -
Martinez asd Way Stattooa 11.20a
7.C0pRcqu Pa*»rngcr— Ptfrt Co«t». B«- »
nlcla. sjuiita, Elmtra. iitxoo.
DaTls. Sacraraent.>. Spark*. Tono-
pah. Kee'er aad Way Station*... 7 50a
8 05p Oregon A California. Kxpres*— 6ae-
raioeato, Maryiville, Ueddlog.
PuriUnd, Pagac Souad «ad £»!. 8-SQA
8-10P Hayward. SIlea and San Joae (iaa-
dayon!;> 11.8C*
COAST LINE (Harrow u»^)-
I <r«»ot at Market Street.)
: 8-15A Sewarlc. CeBteMlII-. San Jo»e,
reiinn, Douider Creek. Saau
Crtu and Way dtatlona 5 53*
r2 15p Newark, CenterrUle. Saa Jose,
New Almaden.L'* Oato«.Feltoa.
Boulder Cr»ek. Bania Crua aad
Principal Way StaUona ......... ttO-5SA
4.1Ep Newark. Saa Joae. Loa Gttoi... |
«9-30p Hunters' Train (Saturday tnly)—
: San Jcte and Way S cation* :7-25p
'' COAST LINE USrua.i lnunci.
%0~ ( inlrd »u?t t'otrniiend Streeti.)
61 C * Saa Juse and Way StAtlooa. 830p
700a San Jone and War Stactona 5 43?
I 8.00a Jiew Almntlen (Tuea.. FTia, only). 41Q*»
> • CO* Th' Coa-r-r — Sao Joae. eallaaa.
Saa Art'). Paao Roblea. Santa
Margarita. £an Lula OI>:>p«.
Ouadalupe. Gavinta. £ant» Bar-
bara. 6ao H'.ent»'-u:t]rA. Moa-
Ulvo. Uxnard, B u r b a a k. Lot
ADge:«t 13 33»
8 DO a Oilroy. lJoi:i.«ter. Ca«roTl!le. Del
Munte. PaclSc Grore. Surf, Lom-
poc 1030P
9.00a 8»n Jo»e. Tres PIaoa.Wa:ao3Tll!e.
Capltoia. Santa. Cms, Pacia«
Orov. Saltoaa. San !,¦!¦ Ubiapo
and Fr!:i.:,>» Way Stattona. ... 4.19*
! 103CA San Jose anU Way Station*. 1.29?
' 11 iOASaa Juie aad Way Stittloat 7.30?
2 lBPfan Jo»e ao«l Way Swtiona 8 33*
SLIP Del M»nte Kxprets— Santa Clara,
6au Joar. Wattonrllle. £an:a
Cruz. Del Moate. -Mo a terey.
faclflc Grore 12-15*
' 'J-COp Loa Gaios. WrlirSt. Boaldrr Creek.
Saata ( rut Tla Santa Clara and
KarrawGana t1045*
I-30P Valrne'.a Si. Somh San Franctaco,
Vnritsirame. Sun Jose, Gllroy.
Hoi lister. Trrs Pino* 10 4'>«
4-30pFaa Jose nad Way Suttos* *3 CO*
I t5CCp£»ttl* Clara. Snn Joae. loi Gi'.oi
acd prtnclpa! Way Station* (ex-
cept SanfinT) *500a
1 I5-30p 6»n Ji.-«r and rrfnelpaiWa; Stattont \3 40*
6 45p faartrt Kxpr^n-.— l!-!ii>. •¦'.. Saa
I Jote.CtIroy..SaJlaa*.faaoUoUea.
. c «a Lnls Olitspo. t«nt» Darnara.
Loa Angele*. Penrtuz. FA P**o,
St.Loul*. 5ewOrlean».5>wTyrk 310*
¦ 6.IS*v.F«'»" (i| . WattoaTl!Se. C • i» 1 1 o 1 a,
ha.n* Cniz. CaatroTl!!*. Del
Monte. Pactde Grore 10 30*
I *6-15p fcanMateo,Bere«ford,Be!tnoai,9aa
Carloa. [>•!¦»¦ <»¦!. Fair Oaka
MrnlcPark. Palo Alto TS-4tl«
6 30p P*n Jn»e and Way Statlona. S 3 3*
8 C(S» Palo Alto and Way Stations 10 15a
I 11.30P Suu;n San 7raactsco. M:;'.: r»«. Bar-
!:agame. s»n .M»ie.>. aelniont.
Sao Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Mesio Park, aad PaloAito r3 45»
1 «11 M p Mayfield. Moantaio Y!?w. Suoay-
vaie. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
1 San Jose t3.4?*»
A for ji irn;n.'. P (or Afiemooa.
1BnnJ»» excepted. t&andaronlr
«. Saturday only- t> Monday only.
ibiuci at a!l stations oa Sanday.
California northwestern ry. col
Tllraron rerry. Poo* of Msurkft Stxest.
SAK FSAZIC2SCO TO SJLB RATAEi.
i »V fcitlX DAYS — i;»O. 9:W. 11:00 a. m. ; 1^:~~.
3:3O. 3:lt> 0:30 p. m. Thursdaya — Eitra CT.0
at 11:3U o. m.
I S*ttirdays — Hxtra tr»p at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m-
SfNDATS— 8:0O. 9:3». ll:0Oa- m.; 1:30. 3:30.
f B:00 «:3O. 11:30 p. m.
I SA1T KAPAEt TO SAJS PUA3TCISCO.
j \\ r-rJK L'Aia — 1»;04 1 :oi. 7: Si/ u:-t>. ll:i>
a. nu: 1^:50. iAI, 5:0O. 3:20 i>. m.
' Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:0& and 6:33 p. m.
\ SUNDAYS— »:0O. 9:10. ll:l*.a. m. ; 1:40. 3:VJ.
4:05. 5:05. 6:2S P. in.
Leave J In ECect Arrive
I gan Fran. I Oct. 3. 1DO4. [ San Fran.
j Week I Sua- t D«stiaa- | Sun- I Wr»
! Dayg. I days. I Uon. | day*. ! D*f* ;
i T:3Ua| S:t)Oa I 8:10 a. «:»!> %
(9:30a l£caci(x 10:«AaIo;fl»
! 3:30 p' 3:.{Op 6:Mp'«:^J
i a:l() p 1 5.00 p 7:33 pi
- 7:30 al >:lUa[ »:*0 1
I 3:00 a NoTato. H> : 4o aj 10 : 2;> »
! 3:30 pi 3:::0r Petaiuma 6:i:3p! «:20 >
j J:10p! ::.%p and 7:33 p!
j j 5:00 p Santa Roaa. I [__
1:30 al 10:40 *ilO;jd «
! S:00a Fulton. 7:33 p «:T) *
8:30 p| 3:30 p \ I-
I I Windsor. t ;
7:30 a 8:00 a Hea!-Nbur2. 10:10 a, 10:20*
¦| j Lyttcn. I
*:30p 3:30 pi Ceyservills. T:35f1«:»3
I . I CIovcrrtAle. !
7:30 at 8:0O al Hopland 110:40 a:tO:^O v
8:30p| 3.3Op! and TWaa. I 7:U3 p! 6:-1> »
I I wmits and I I
7:30 al 3:00 a( Sherwood. ) 7:33 p f «:?? 9
7:30 a! <l:00a|a (10:40 ai;t»:i»> *
¦ 3:30 p! 3:33 p| GuerneTtlle. I 7:35 p! <:20 j
7:30 a! S:0Oal Socoma. I 9:10a! 8:»0#
5:10 p| »:0Opl CTlan Ellen. I 6:03 p{ 0:20 .
I 7:30ai 8:COa| 110:10 »;i0:20 1
3:30 p| 3:30 p| S«bastopt>l. I 7 ."5 p! t: J> j
j STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
' Qu»r,tln: at Santa Ho?a for Whlw sutsSur
! Bpriaga and Mark West Sprir.js; at Ljrtton for
'• Lyiton Sprlnga: at Geyserrtll* for Skax<«
t Sprlriga; at Cloverdale for tn* G«;rsers. Booa«-
! viUe and Greenirood: ai Hopland for Duncan
' Bprlngs. Ilighland Sprlass. KelaeyrJIle. Carl»-
b«(J Sprlrgs: Soda Bay. Laksport. Bartleit
Cpring* and Lake County Hat Springs: a:
V,'k ah for Vichy fiprlnys. Saratoga Sprlnarv
Hiue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*.
Cpper Lake. Poaio. Potter Valley. John Day'a.
Hiversjde. Lirrly'f, B«ckaeU't. Sanheirla
Heights Hullville. Orr*)! Hot Sprlssa. Haliwa/
Houre. Ccmpicne, • Hopkins. Uendocino City.
Fort 'Jrazs;. W»stport and r«a! ; at XVlIUta frr
Fort Brass. Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood
for Canto. Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cunimlng;*,
B«H'a> Sprinsa. Harris, Hnbbard. F'ruitlaad.
Dyer. ¦ Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scot!.*
and Eureka.
i Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates. ,'
Oa Sun/lay — Round-trip tk-kst* to all pola;*
beycnd San Rafae! at half rates.
Ticket office. eSO Market »tre«t. Chronic!*
fcuildir.z.
JAS. L. FHAZ1EH. R- X. RT.Uf.
G«n. Uanarer. Pen. Paw. Ayr.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway^
I Lt. Saa hjasjsta _j*SS|ifc_ I faac " c *
¥O*rs U^ixjt /fggEjl&K Saai»7» *l. Ctyi
: _ „. M:25a rSwSgfa8ttS3 l-.HOr •1O:">Oa
9:5Oa SrSOA^S 3^^^ 3:53? 3:55p
i':45'i»" l':45pj 6:3^,» '""eigip
b^rdap 4:3Sr yBy Sisriayt 11:12?
*tt>Cr»TitjCir Y ItIaa*2?tataIiaTii:«;
TiCIK J «50 MAJtorr ST^(N'orth Shots Railroad)
OT1CX3 j aad Saosauto Kzutv. Foot Muket St.
THY WEEKLY GALL
U>1 per Year.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER IS, 1904.
12
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Mal»--Con.
ATTORNEY who is an experienced bookkeeper
and stenographer wants position. Box 886,
Call office. '
WANTED — Position as ctty salesman for S*n
Franclsco or Oakland firm: Al references.
Address Salesman. 610 Apgar St., Oakland.
HONEST, trustworthy, young man waats
steady position as gardener; references If re-
quired. Box 401. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted for first-class Journeyn_n
barber; city cr country. Box 3C!). Call.
BARBER wants position, steady; married
man; city references; union. Box SOO. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position In family; best
of references^ G. HEART. 218 Sixth st.
, YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
SS4. CaO
NON-UNION, first-class, wants work In city;
reasonable. Bex 8.*3. Call.
rnfA-TCiAs.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE^
Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
Burplua - W4O.8O1 S«
Issues
Six rer cent
Investment Certificate*
At oar. ! .__
Offlce— No. 14 San.oin» street.
Ban Francisco, Cal,
DON'T risk your money In «m*st!onable vent-
ures when you can obtain "First Mort— ag»
Gold Bonds" (first lien on downtown business
property) paying a good rate of Interest and
as secure aa Government bonds; single bonda
$500 00 each: Interest payable quarterly; at-
torney! .seeking Investments 'or client- ana
trustees of estates should investigate this at
once. "Bonds," S3 Crocker building.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate
certificate*. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PANY. 107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock -
sold: strong Eastern connections: advice fTM.
Write A. F. H AP.ASZTHT. 522 Cmssley bdg.
r_AT3 TO IET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Irmnens* list:
service absolutely fres: take advantage of
this department: It will save you tlm* an4
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co., 245-58 Geary
st., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de-
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us finl
you a place: come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality: "w«
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1080 Market St.. cpp. McAllister.
PAGE. 1457— Elegant 6-room flat and billiard-
room; hardwood floors; rent $50; new car-
peta for aale.
SPLENDID modern flat. 8 rooms, bath, $20.
334 Cumberland, near Church. between
Nineteenth and Twentieth,
DUBOCE ave., 257. near Market — Elegant new
modern flat (middle), 6 rooms, bath, etc;
$32 90; key upstairs.
NEW 8-room flat: price $2750; up to date; east
side of Central ave., between Golden Gat»
ave. and McAllister st.
LARKIN. 1030. 193C. 1944. near Broadway-
New modern flats, 7 and 8 rooms; rent re-
duced to $..«. $35. $37 SO.
A NICE, centrally located flat of 3 rooms and
bath. 1030 Sacramento St.. above Powell.
BAKER. 2110^ — Sunny basement flat, S rooms,
bath, gas; $12 50.
MODERN upper flat of 4 sunny rooma. 079
Sanchez st., corner Twenty-third.
FLAT ot S or <J room* to let. 38 G«nre st.
NEW sunny upper 6 rooma, bath, etc : marln«
view; rent low. 1261 Vallejo st-. near Hyde.
UPPER part, 3 sunny rooms. 89 Brady, near
Twelfth and Market.
JUNIPER. 33%. bet. Tenth and Eleventh, off
Folsom — 4 nice rooms; low rent,
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON * HOAO. 118 Montcomery st.
F_ATS rOS SALE — PU_UIS__.__>. .
NEW furniture of a new 5-room fiat for sale
cheap: warm belt, 640 Guerrero st.
Furniture of desirable runny 5-r. flat, nr.
Park; cheap rent: $20; adults. 35 Tremcnt av.
_*tt__1tu_— wasted.
TaB-T-EVX ~
Salesroom, 1130 Mark»t st. TeL Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than *
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc, 1638 Market; phone Jesst* 2338.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st.. be-
fore selling your furniture. Pbone Red 4463.
nra_nru__ ro_ sat.-.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813
_i;_P WAHTTEP— TTrSS A T.H.
2 MEN and wives, country |eO-$73
Nurs* one grown child $30
Valet" ana butler ;-_--{ 43
Swedish cook for American family of 2..$-0
'Waitress for Petaluma $20
Girl, housework. 3 In family, Berkeley. ..$25
3 houst girls $-1O
Housework. Mill Valley $30
Nurse and upstairs girl. Berkeley $_•>
Cook. Oerman style $.'10
Chamber work and waiting $2D
2 second girls $2O-$25
And 25 housework girls, elty and country
Apply to J- T. 'CROSETT*- CO.. 834 Suttor.
YOUNG lady cashier In first-claaa restaurant.
experience not necessary. $23 and board:
chambermaid. $18 and found. CALIFORNIA
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 Third St.
A^WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreeslnjt.
manicuring etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: tuition $3 to those tntarlns; now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
school In West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught front start
to finish in one month for $5; positions _
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors, 143 Stockton it., r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six bowV
practice a day; guarantees position*: only
recognized college of its kind on coaat: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. -133 Powell st,
AA — SOUBRETTE for raudevllls partner for
young man who has played Orpheum circuit;
must have good voice and able to dance well; .
state experience. Box 18C5. 1008 Market st.
TWO gtrls; general housework: $23.
Experienced operator on vests. $2. *
Exp. candy salesladies; refs.: swell place.
612-C13 Grant building; South 104.
WANTED— Every young girl In town to know
that CHICLETS are really dellghtfuL
REMUNERATIVE employment, moderate nail
ary and liberal commissions for a limited
number of ladler; must be well dressed, well
educated and good conversationalists. ¦ Apply
during afternoon, room 621. Starr-King bldg.
LADIES for steady home employment : $S to
$12 weekry. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket at., room BIS.
COAT finisher and apprentice. THEO PLANT*
[ Tailor. 5CT» Geary St.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Annlr
with references. £0C Halght st. A PP'^
WANTED— Offlce girl who can use typewriter^
permanent: $B. Occult Temple,, 1015 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles" walats-
best pay; steady work. 2S Firs: st.
HEI.P WAITTSI) — MAM.
MEN *— The ° n »y original Moler Barber College
teaches barter trade in 8 weeks- wa**«
earned while learning. w w». wagea
r_n £ C - i"J Ua r ter ?,, and ncw aPP"ances.
i. 1 or _, wrlte 'or Illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College. tUa Sacramento rt.
Lately moved from Clay at.
CV J^II :R wanted - or »e with experience and of
gocd appearance: none but first-class men
need apply. S. N . WOOD & CO? 740 Mark. "
W £*3 E ?~^ K<**1 oyster opener: $33 land
h^ to , ri * ht - man - Addre-a PeteToyster
hourc. 31 y/. sap Fernando «t. San Josi
a-» $ V $ $ $ $ Vl'~*:'', * '
Three offices. 32« O'Farrell street.
Open every day and Sunday.
10 a. ro. to 8 p. m.
" PROFESSOrt HENRY ELLSMERE.
THE GREATEST LIVING ' EXPONENT OF
CLAIRVOYANCY.
WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTATION
IN EVERY PROMINENT CITY
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
H^? TT REp UTATION HAS BEEN EARNED BY
THE WONDERFUL POWERS HE HAS
SHOWN, AND NOT BY ADVERTIS-
ING. AS IS ATTESTED TO BY
THE UNLIMITED NUMBER
OF TESTIMONIALS HE
HAS RECEIVED.
,,, If S7>u are interested in any 'affairs of your
'ire; If marriatre, sickness, deaths, changes,
travels. lawsuits, business transactions. Invest-
ments of whatever nature, wills, deeds, mort-
gages, lost or absent friends Interest you; If
you care to know what you should do to be
successful; where you should go and whom you
should avoid: If you desire to have domestic
troubles removed; your bitterest enemies cpn-
verteO into your stanchest friends: In a word,
whatever may be your troubles, suspicions or
desires, visit Professor Henry Ellsmere and he
will aid you.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere has decided to
Place his services at the disposal of the people
_f this city for special readings at the reduced
t>r£e O f 51 a slttln ~.
This extraordinary favor will only be ex-
tended for a period of two weeks.
All applications by mall or special mes.«enger
must positively be accompanied by the fee In
or £L r to hold * h e aDDOintment.
The central location of Professor Henry
Ellswere's offices and consultation room en-
ables busy people to easily reach him.
HIS ADVICE UNIVERSALLY SOUGHT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere's advice has never
been sought in vain In the ({teat crises of life;
his counsel has always shone forth clear, lu-
minous nnd right; the tottering fortune- of
many, a man have been saved from wreck by a
word from the lips of this wonderful man; In
the creat game of business men have staked
their nil on the dicta of Professor Henry Ells-
mere and won. Friends Ions separated have
been reunited through his instrumentality. The
proverbial "slip 'twixt the cup and the Up"
has b-en averted In thousands of Instances
through his ability to read the future. Ro-
mances without number have ended hanplly
and the altar fires of love burn In countless
homes to. day because of Professor Henry Ells-
mere's profound understanding of human des-
tiny. .Obscure diy-'oyes have been located by
bis psychic diagnosis and owe their cure to
his thorough knowledge of the patient's special
needs.
DO YOU WISH TO KNOW
How you can have grocd luck?
How you can succeed In business?
How you ran make your home happy? .
How you can conquer your enemies?
How you can inarry *he one you choose?
How you can obtain Derfect health?
How .-non ycu will marry?
How ymi cnj\ conquer your rival?
How '-'Hi cm make any one love you?
How . 1 can mend your family troubles?
How you ran remove br>_ influence?
How you ran control any one?
How you can make distant one? think of you?
How you ran hold yonr husband's love?
How you can hold your wife's love? .
Professor Henry Ellsmere tells all and never
asks questions.
IF THERE IS ANYTHING HEREIN PRINT-
ED WHICH SEEMS IMPROBABLE
CALL ON HIM AND BE
CONVINCED.
Three office* — 320 O'Farrell St., San Francisco.
Every day, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Ouen Sunday.
All Correspondence Promptly Answered.
$$$$?$<»»
MISS ZEMDAH, young, gifted clalr.and palm. :
reveals love, marriage, business, "te. ; L. 50c;
G. SI; hours 10 to Bj names. 714 Franklin st.
BPIBITUAMSML
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life re: ler. 120G Market, r. 14. Gait House.
A — MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seance
Friday- evening, 8 o'clock. 32S Ellis st.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, life read-
er; clr. evgs.. loc; read. da,lly. 830 Mission.
PROF. GEE. medium and healer; readings
dally; circle every nipht. 10c. 120C Market.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted ulate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phon? Scott 887.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 30.' Larkin.'
room 49; readings 1 to 5: tel. South 319.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $:; 50; fillings. 60c;
plates. $.">; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLITM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per sej: extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c: silver, 35c; crowns, $2: no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A. C.Hewitt, 204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.H.lst
floor, I'helan bid., SfW Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;rllllngs._5c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Slitter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Max.; OOH Mission, cor. 6th.
D^SSMAKEB^ANDSEAMSTBESS_S.
McOOWKLL Dressmaking Sc Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure: eve. claps. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylr.
EDUCATIO_TAI_
VOCAL, piano and violin lessons: Italian
method for voice culture: all forms of tech-
nical exercises for piano ana violin; send
for prospectus; Mrs. Bertha Oeser. vocal
department: Rudolf L. Oe»er. piano and vio-
lin. 61o Apgar St., Oakland; Phone Lak»
S02. '
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. 'evening session.*. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day.'ave. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
SHORTHAND — Astonishing, but true: you can
learn the best simplified system In less than
30 days for $5; highest references; 10 free
scholarships. CQNEY & MILLS, 1584 Markt.
A — "Single page method"; no text-bocks; twice
the progress In arithmetic, bookkeeping, short-
hand, etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1281 Mkt.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 2-4
Post st.. S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 738 Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey; assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan^bldg. ; terma very reasonable.
HEALD'B BUsTN_rsS~cbLLF.GE~24 Post st.
Established ISC".; largest in the West; send
for circulars.
A— GALL A G HER ~jiARsTf~BUSINES.S CoU
LEGE, 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., C02 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. II. Webster, Pres.
CU1TAR.. mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons SL 828 Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght;
individual Instruct.; all branches; day, eve.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 'Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
j SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Alontgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day ~an_
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine tt.— Night class.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1ST I :n blest profs.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In _•
United Etatea or Canada one year for $1.
;:^^ EMPi.O'srMrEjrT
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; ctty or country.
S. IMURA. 830 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanene-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel.Bu-h 85a.
CHINESE Employment Office — Beat help at
Leon Se.ung'e. 411% O'FarreH; tel. East 42G.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds* helps 315 Stockton; Main 5189.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years.
.Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO... 010 Clay.,
A— $3250; HALF Interest in manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
flrst-claes paying business; etock and ma-
chinery with' Invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE. 2-V»
Kcarnj- st.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton: rent $53; the leading place ot
Its kind In Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE, 20 Vi Kearny _t.
A— ?»00; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitihen; rent $20: all store trade: cash re-
i celpts about $lti per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 20% Kearny et.
A— $000; CORNER grocery and bar, with 3
furnished rooms, on Harrison it.; rent $35;
place doing a good cash business in groceries,
as well as in barroom. See R. G. WILKE,
2tf<4 Kearny ct.
A — $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness ; 3 hors«es. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
' place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. u.
WILKE. 2ti% Kearny nt.
A^$900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk Ft.; lease; living rooms; owner
roust leave for Europe to eettle estate; a
rare chance. R. Q. WILKE. 28 % Kearny st.
A — $600; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known aa a good busl-
ness. gee R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, wit£ lease, in
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. O. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CIGAR atand on Market St., vicin-
ity Powell et.; 2Vi years' lease; must be
•old at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. O. WfLKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
RESTAURANT and cafe cloae to Market and
Powell cts.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business ; best cla_s of
patronage; owner engaged in other busi-
ness; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE.
2<ir» Kearny it.
A — $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent M0; store doing a large cask busl-
r.ets; location can't be beat; value in sight.
Bee R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny •_.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelaa
building; net rent $1_; lease ; stock will in-
vplce about $1200; a good paying place; in- 1
vectlsate at once; rare chance. R. G, j
WILKE, 28% Kearny St.
A— *_ttoO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from E_ aminer building; place esuib-
llshed years; dulng a first -class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
en Fourth St., living rooms; rent $J0; lease;
a good paying place; bargain, tiee R. G.
WILKE. 2ti% Kearny Bt.
A — $15U0 — Old established commission store,
dairy product?, etc., must be sold at once on
acccurt of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness Is known tor 2b years as a good reliable
house. K. P. WILKE. 2«% Kearny st.
X— $C-C'O; THE leadlns candy, icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
•c«!pts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up 1 lace ihis kind in the State; rare chance.
Ca'.l R. G. W1LKL, 20% Kearny St.
A — 54000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market et. ; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sijht. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>% Kearuy St.
A— $2C00; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with nrst-cla*s paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across th<? bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 2U% Kearny St.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy groory; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
d-ily receipts about $20; best location north
cf Market. Call It. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
•t-; rent $00: living rooms; stock will in-
voice absut $2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
817 Market et.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom 184(3.
A GROCERY and bar, located on busy street;
large stock and good fixtures; Al trade; 3
nice living rooms; bargain for $7-0. See
BROOKBANK- '
$350 — PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on market St.; elegant fixtures, full stock;
money maker. See BROOKBANK.
$125 — Partner for well paying restaurant; will
clear you $75 monthly. See BROOKBANK.
A FINE grocery In Western Addition; new
stock; $3500, or will take partner.
Salcon on Fourth et., near Market; $1900.
Hotel of 50 rooms in good country town;
cheap rent: $2600.
Cigar store on Third st. ; rent $10: $300.
Roadhouse in San Mateo County, with 8
acres good land; 1 mile from Redwood City.
A large list of busines-, rooming-houses
and hotels for sale and exchange.
EITEL Si. CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
$JOO— RESTAURANT: great bargain: fine lo-
cation; good business; party going East; also
list of 6aloons- Eltel & Carroll, _12 Kearny.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or cell property of any de-
scription do net fail to call upon us; wo may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to selL
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St..
Rooms 418-4 19. Telephone Folsom 346S.
$775 BUYS a" nice little grocery and bar:
good stock and fl_turei>: cheap rent. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007.% Market Et.
$500— LARGE fruit store and fish market;
horee and wagon; large stock: living rooms;
1007% Market st.
SALOON men. attention! We have 2 good
caloons on Sixth et. 1007% Market Bt.
$125 — Partner clear store, to take full charge.
WESTERN REALTY CO.. 1007% Market et.
A PARTY with $5000 cash wishes two young
men about 25 years old with equal capital
to Join him In buying an old-established and
one of the best paying businesses In this
city; must be in good standing arid have
good business ability. Address box 025, Call.
SUCCESSFUL money >nders will eoon open
arother office and offer an Interest and po-
tltlcn to the richt man who can furnish '
part of loanable funds aa wanted: this is
an exceptional opportunity to establish a
young man in a sound business, much like
banking: references required. Address box
1512. Call office.
FOR sale — $2000; rooming-house; 27 rooms r
rent, water and gas, $75 per mo.; clearing
$100 ner mo.
S-.V> — Saloon, centrally located.
1. 2 and 3 chair barber shops. $23, $350
#ach. J. L. MULLER. 606 Seventh st., Oak-
land.
$1500 — HEAL estate business; a long estab-
lished unlncumbered general real estate and
Insurance agency cf thoroughly reliable repu-
tation, doing good business; thoroughly
equipped; best location in Berkeley; answer
immt-iately; a sacrifice. Box 240, Berkeley
Gazt'.te office. Berkeley.
$200— RESTAURANT; snap: must be sold at
once. BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny et.
$500 TO $10,000 saloons; good bargains.
M50 to $3OC0 restaurants; good bargains
$750— Partner; business chance; trlflers need
not apply. BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
AN rxcellent chance for 2 or 3 men — For eale
a fine dairy: 2 blocks outside the city line-
the latest improvements ; 145 cows; 320 gal-
lons milk daily; all wholesale trade: cheap
rent and long lease. Apply in Call offlce.
$250— GOOD chance for active man In estab-
llthed cash business, suitable' for a man
willing to do plain light work .and be satis-
fied with $75 mo.: no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co..- C32 Market, '
W _ i ?,T ED — ° ne wlth * 1000 t0 he 'P Inventor
build a perfect machine and secure foreign
patents; American patent applied for- for
part interest tn same. Please address In-
ventlon. box 517. Call offlce.
FOR ren _-2 *£¦"*¦ of lan<5 : chicken houses;
house with 8 rooms, furnished. Including
piano; suitable for boarding-house and chick-
en ranch; $25 month; 5 minutes' wa'k to
depot. Appiy 2207% Mission it.
FOR rent— In new modern store, a hat nnH
gents-' furnishing goods dept; all ready for
stock: beet location In city; must be irood
responsible people. Address 1071 Broadwav
Oakland. *'
ESTABLISHED office business In city clear-
ing from $20 to $50 per week; no reasonable
, offer refused; present owner must leave city
on account of ill health. Box 903, Call.
WANTED — Party with small capital to join
experienced man In best paying proposition in
the West; stand thorough Investigation. Ad-
drees box 800, Call offlce.
NEW Arkansas oil field— G. M. Bailey, Ml»-
eourl Pacific Immigration agent. Little Rock,
Ark., can get you an oil lease, trifling e»-
P-nse. Fortunes from future sale leases.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted In light mechan-
lcal business: no previous experience required-
$15 to $35 a week each. 47 Geary, room 2.'
FOR sale — Good-paying bakery In a thriving
country town; price $1400. Apply A. C.
BOLDEMANN & CO.. 118 First it.
LODGING-HOUSES TOB SALE — Con.
r ' —MARION GRIFFIN.—
<06 Hearst I building over "Examiner 1 en-
trance, corner Third and Market st-.; tel.
Black 3607. Hotels and rooming-houses for
eale. Free list- "\v e furnish abstracts free
and guarantee titles. . ,
IT IS WORTH your " >7i '-
while to see this '
20-room downtown , '
house: New golden " ;
oak. blrdseye maple
and mahogany fur- '"
nlture.l •
AXMINSTER car-
pets and rich Ori-
ental hangings.
COST $45(i©. but—
will take $2000; only
$1000 down and easy
Installments
PROFIT $162 per
month; Al transient
location; near Ellis
and Powell.
. _; MARION GRIFFIN.
' ' ""-ICO ° —
ISTOP — THINK— In-
vestigate, as such an
offer comes only once
In a lifetime; 32
rooms; a fine corner
on Sutter street; sub-
stantially furnished:
a splendid house: a
money maker: only
$1000 down and easy
payments.
MARION GRIFFIN. ' -
—NO. 3.—
COME' IN AND let
us show you a 21-
room house near
Leavenworth and
Post; well furnished
and as clean as a
pin. Net profits $97 ,
monthly; if you want
an honest *,house for
what it Is worth see '*'' '
MARION GRIFFIN.
________
PRICE NOW— $1800—
A 39 -room house;
profit $140 monthly
over — all — expenses;
easy to manage It;
the — roomers — are
honest working peo-
Ple * MARION GRIFFIN.
~ NO 'PROFIT $48 MONTH-
LY; nice, clean, re-
spectable rooming-
houee on the sunny
side; north of Mar-
ket- 14 rooms; price
$750 (was $1200):
TERMS $300 down
and $10 each month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
~ e.— ,
A 12-ROOM house '
Reduced to $400:
Central: rent $30.
Income over rent $47.
All men roomers.
Not a first- clasa
house, but It's ro.
epectable.
MARION GRIFFIN.
" I —NO. 7'.—
MORTGAGED HOUSE;
mortgagee, who
loaned $900 on a
20-room hoime. asks
us to get him an
offer; house has been'
newly renovated and
—NEWLY CA R-
PETED—
Clears $70 monthly;
easy terms If de-
sired: a mechanics'
. bouse.
MARION GRIFFIN.
_______
BEAUTIFULLY fur-
nished 37-room house
tn best location In
this city. You need
but little money .
($1500) to get pos-
session; clears $175.
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 9.—
ONLY $150 DOWN se-
cures a swell 12-
• room > .house near
NOB HILL; bal.
($500) ON TIME:
fine furniture; elec-
tric lights.
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 10.— '
WANTED— A LADY
OR GENTLEMAN
O F EDUCATION
AND REFINE-
MENT TO IN-
VEST IGATE A
NEW AND MOD-
ERN HOUSE of 68
ROOMS: PARTLY
FURNISHED: ALL
BRAND NEW:
ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: PRICE
$3500; PROPERLY
MANAGED WOULD
CLEAR $300
MONTHLY. I
MARION GRIFFIN.
_— —— —NO. 11.—
NOTICE.
WE make exchanges
of all kinds. Let us
know what kind of
an exchange you
would like. Or If
you need money to
put in with your
property on a trade,
we can accommodate
you at short notice.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Examiner building. .
$135— SPECIAL bargain: flat of 4 nicely fur-
nished rooms In good neighborhood, near
Market *t. ; oak furniture, good carpets;
everything complete; rent $10; owner leav-
. Ing city caunns the sacrifice. See BROOK-
BANK. 917 Market st.. bet. 6th and Oth.
LIST of great bargains; from 7 to 200 rooms;
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodging-
house, S77 acres land in Santa Clara County;
also 2 Oakland Iota; good paying country
hotels and roadhouses. Money loaned on
furniture. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale, cheap; on ac^
count of *!ckne?s; Golden Gate ave.. nr. Lar-
kin st. Box 543, Call.
A GREAT bargain— Houso of 14 rooms< well
furnished; must be sold this w#ek; offer
wanted. 242 Pest st.
DRUMM, 121— Lodging & boarding house: 19
rms.: good renting location; modern; cheap.
k CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. -I " THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located nt i~ Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.: she reads your life correctly,
gives an uccurate description of the past, re-
veals the present hnppenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great nwdlum and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25a up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4509.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the ' noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
bo a relief to know how you will succeed, to
" be relieved of the matters that are troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE; 3
separate reception parlors; lady attendants;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. ra.
Permanently located at 20% Kearny st.
rRICHARD MAYO
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
FREE TEST.- FREE TEST
To all who come prepared to have a reading.
421A Ellis st., private flat; hours 10 a. ra. to
8 r. m.
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress The Vendome. 1101
Market et., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone , 8outh . 1141.
MME. PORTER clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future: 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
• tstry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
FREE, free, free — Prof. Dahl will give free
, this week' to show the public his ability.
: 1027 # Market St.; hours ltoO p. m. '
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg,- palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try rne; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.; tel. Larkin 4207.
PROF. JtoHNS, palmist, psychic card reader,
C5c and _0c. 2 to 9 p. m. 17A 6th St., room 1.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
> leaves: 25c up. C12% Eddy St.: no signs.
THIS ad. nnd COc entitles you to life reading
• at 125 Sixth st. '
MRS. SHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader, has
• returned: alttintrg dally. 108 Cth st..rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
Bt ?_l___!§^ I _^5?-_b3_£_^^™ < t_-~ .
A^CAAIERON ~&~CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of buslneaa chances.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar; located in thriv-
ing u>cation. city; fine plateglass windows;
store fixtures; large stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doing good business; clearing $150 to
$.00 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions In city; aick-
nefea; map; price $3500. _____
FOR f-ale— Stationery, school eupplies. dress
linings; well located: cheap rent; doing good I
business ; _ living room*; stock will invoice
more than price asked: sickness; price $iow.
CAMERON & CO.." 3 Eddy ft.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real j
roorr.'ng- houses and business chances. CA_-
ERON & CO.. S Eddy st.
FOR aale^ — One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses In
S. F. ; cheap rent; horees and wagons, an
equipments; Dresent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to SSOO per month; trial given if
desired: part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR eale — Fine little 3- room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy;, nne well: 16 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; anap; 51000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. :
FOR sale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel: BO rooms; rent only 5150; 10-year
l«aee; newly painted and renovated throuch-
out; about BO miles from 8. F.; fine, grow-
ing town: nreaent owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR -ale — Several good business propositions
for Investors «uch aa first-class laundry. Ice
cream manufactory. bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous ti) mention: would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy at.
PARTNER — Detective and collection: small
capital; established business. McDIAR-
MID'S. • 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED — Partner. old-established real es-
tate business, for* office work; $150 month
and over assured. Call 1118 Market st.
Al SALOON; good stock, lease, 'fine fixtures.
!>97 Market st.. room 104.
j FOR FalP— First-clase cor. saloon: lease, good
stock, living rooms. P3S Bryant st.
PICTURE frame and art store; good paying
business; 3 liv. rms.; cheap rent-Box 487O.Call
RESTAURANT or any *mall business In ex-
change. Address box 571. Call offlce.
FOR sale or to lease — A small printing office, ,
Box r.45, CaJU
J2S0O— FINE-PAYING corner grocery; good
bar trade; rent $40. Inquire 574 Valencia st.
$G50— FIRST-CLASS saloon and fixtures for
sale; no attachments. 224 Pacific st.
FOR sale or rent — Good established country
hotel; choice location. Owner, 237 Crossley bd.
$5000— PARTNER wanted In commission
house: principals only. Box 3790. Call.
FOR »=ale — Good route on Bulletin: 700 papers.
Apply "307 Lake St.. Richmond District.
FOR sale — Restaurant: average $20 per day.
53 Eighth st.'
WANTED — Lady partner for Portland centen-
nial. Call at 20% Seventh st.
FOR gale — Delicatessen and branch bakery: on
account of sickness; cheap. 2790 Mission st.
FOR sale— Small Bulletin route. Inquire Bul-
letin. 233 Kcarny st.. room 10.
?1000 HALF partner, or $1000 whole; IS
rooms; bar; 3 years' lease. 210-212 East et.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inqulr*
at Jackson Brewery, box 857. Call.
$125 — CANDY and pastry. 3 finely fur. rooms
and basement. 525 Taylor St., nr. Post.
PARTNER wanted in milk business; $150 mo.
to each. Box £40. Call.
GROCERY and bar In Mission for sale. Ad-
dress box 4701. Call offlce.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
FINE paying drygoods etore. with lease; own-
er leaving State: no agents. Box 4481. Call.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 *p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES TOR SALE.
A — CAMERON &. CO.. Phone South 1030.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kind, of Business' Chances.
Elegantly appointed family hotel of 28 rooms;
furnished with everything of the best; no
better location in city; high-class people;
furnished new about 1 year; if taken at
once will be sold at Vi actual cost to furnish;
account of sickness.
Well located house close In, with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and carpets In
first-clays condition; will guarantee to clear
$2i>0 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fine business proposition.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped:
cheap rent; fine lease; 'paying $500 to $800
per month; close In; full of nice people; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
' sershlp.
We have a number of special bargains In fiats
of fl to 10 rooms, new and modern: can be
had for less than half cost to. furnish; must
be sold; either account of sickness or de-
parture.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms in
fine block on Post st. : full nicest kind of
roomers; new and modern throughout; brings
in nice Income; furniture in oak, blrdseye
maple, velvet and axminster carpets; cost
I1MK) to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain, $1200. ,
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
' $5 00 per room; all light and sunny rooms-
electric lichts and elevator; has 108 rooms.
well furnished throughout; now clearing $350
to $450 per month; make offer; owner must
lrave city; only, with us.
16 rooms; rent $C5; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leavlnK city: make offer.
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished-
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-,
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave eltr; make an offer.
45 rooms, rent only $125; first-clars location-
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over *_00 per month; always full-
b«et buy In city; account of sickness; price
$1500.
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on Geary
nicely equipped throughout) all full and
clearing nice Income; price $2000.
CO rooms; new, modern building; elegantly fur-
nished: close in; full of first-class people:
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
I Have new. modern 82-room house; rent $375'
j electric lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date: owner will exchange for im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free: oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
Mode] apartment-house. 2 and 3 rooms each' 1
rent is cheap: elegantly furnished; 6-year
lease; there are 90 room-; everything new
end modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness.
7-room modern flat: close In; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $230.
C5 roomt; best downtown commercial house tn
city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property or
ranch in California: must leave city.
j What do you think? 31-room apartment-house-
I 1 rent only $130; where you can clear $95 per
month; no work; this you can get for $1100:
wife at ho»ital.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
buslntss for exchange or trade always on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS.
45 ROOMS, downtown, fine furniture.. . .$."000
24 rooms, central, everything new....$S0O cash
30 room?, downtown, transient $2500
14 rooms, Sutter, rent $57 .$1000
100 rms., all rented, new furnish.', $6000 cash
30 rooms, fin-; corner house .$.1000
Eoardlng-house, S rooms, nr. carhouse $150
FumlRhe.1 house. 8. rooms. Mission. ...• $100
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT CO., 10 Turk St.,
first floor.
MITCHELL & CO. -
120G Market at. Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
— MITCHELL & CO. — : _
PARTLY furnished house, 18 rooma sunny
downtown, plain but neat; price $750; hav-
ing other property must sell..' Exclusively
with MITCHELL &. CO.. 1200 Market at
THEjilfCAIiL
JOHN "P. SrRECi^J^^^^E^Sl
Address Communications to
\V. J. MAKTIN'.. .^B^j_css_Manascr
TELEPHONE.
A.-- for THE CALL. Tbe Curator Wm Con-
r.ect You With the D*part__eat You With.
Pufclicatirn Offic* Market «»1 "niird. : 3. F.
tdit'-r.al Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
DtJirrred by Carriers. 20 Cls. -*"• Week. 75
Cts. P*r Month. S'.ncle Opien •• Ct"i h
Terr.« by Meil. Includln. Poetaxe H-asn wi_
Order): .0 nft
DAILY CALL (includ. Fund«y>. 1 y«r...»J.w
DAILY CALL <lnc!ud. Sunday!. 6 mos... 4.W
DAILY CALI/— By Hnsrle Month ./•>«
FfKPAY CALL. 1 Year r^
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear • -*:™
7r>al!v S^ £0 Per Yea.' Extra
FOREIGN J c,* n __y 4 J5 P*r YeC K-tra
POSTAGE. i k V } .; J;# p rr year F-xtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZE-*
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
fcatr.plo Copl«« will be forwarded when re-
quested. ,
Mall «_b«crtbers in orderlnr change o***!
-rees «_o_ld be rartlcular to give both new
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrompt and correct compllanca wltn tne.r r»-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1«_
BERKELEY OFFICE:
1148 Ctstcr Street Telephone Norta •«
WASHINGTON CORRESPO^ 151 * 1^
eivilUEL W. WALL -&* el B * TtOn
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Bre?^ 114^.^,,-
Union 6<;uar-: Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-arenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Or*"
Northern Hotel: Trernont House: Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
CLong Dl-U_ee Telephone. ' 'Central 2019. )
NETT TORK-P.EPP—SENTATTVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every r.-.Rfct In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market -txeet. eppoajte Fifth; open until
31 p. ra.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street ; open until C:SO p. ra.
€39 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin streft; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1041 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
lOfl Eleventh street: open until 9 p.m.
10»6 Valencia street : rpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast ocrnrr Church and Duncan streeta;
open until 9 p. — 1.
*20O Flllmore 5tre*t: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. _?__
T.— Regular Assembly THIS EVEN- 1
ING at 7:30. .Order of Temple. All l|il
frate-rs courteously invited.
CHARLES M. PLUM. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. RecordT.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. _»
and A. M.. Mission Temple. 2668 Mis- V\f
eion st. Third Dfgree THIS (Fill- /V\
DAY) UVI-NING at 7:30 o'clock.
Visiting brethren cordially invited. By order
of tbe W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. I3G. F. and A. _
M.. will, meet THIS EVENING »tYY
7 :S0 p. B. Second degree. /rr\
GIX5RGE J'ENLINGTON. Sec
APOLLO~Lod_e~No7 123. I.~O. O. ___*_"
F.- Bee^nd degree THIS (TRI- .---_#__S__
DAT NIGHT. 8 o'clock. Vis!- ~<?^>3g>
tors invited. "^-Wnr*^
ARTTIUP. BEHREND. N. G.
W. F. NORCRCSS, Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K. of P.. *£*t*
meets THIS (FRIDAY) at S o'clock,
Pioneer building. 21 Fourth st. "S_y
Pace rank. Visitors cordially In- >>_5C
vited. F. O. MOLL. C. C. ,
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
EAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. __£XS___.
K O. T M— Review THI3 i_y— _-7_?5»
rFRIDAY) EVENING at 8 CfZS *y
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 24 JpJjJ *lj_ !
Fourth Et. ST—i'' 1 "'^*
D. B. RICHARDS.
Record Keeper. N«J___»J'
REGULAR meeting and election of . •_!
officers of the Caledonian ClubSk >>_f7
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at sVj,X__f
o'clock. 1'olls open at S:.'!0 and
clote at 9:30. Scottlth Hal! 117 Larkin j°t. '
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE Cp.Iifomla Debris Commission, having re-
relvfnj applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
iwt from E. Santirfc. in Santirfo mine, near
Volcano. Amador County. Cal., draining into
GraFr Valley Creek, which reaches Moke-
lum!!« Rivor; from L. Deluochi and S. Maz-
f.era. In Mazzera mine, near Volcano. Ama-
•Jcr County. Cal., draining into South Branch
Sutter Creek, which rearhes Mohelumne
River; from 0. Engl». in Manila mln*. near
Igo. EhaFta County, Cal., draining into Dry
Crx-efc. whi"h reach'* Pacranv-nto River;
from Geld Kun Mining Company, In Gold
Jlun mine, near Qnincy. Plumas County.
Cal.. draining into Spanish Creek, which
reaches Frather River, and from H. A. and
A. A. Haltrtfad. in M-sown mine, near
fipani*h ranch. Plurnas County. Cal.. drain-
ing into Spa'.Jsh Creek, which reaches Feath-
er iRiver. gives notice that a meeting to re-
rrivg any protects will be held at room 96.
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal., Nov.
2S. 1&04. at T.ZO p. m.
AGEirTS W___Y_D.
AGENTS — On« !n San Francisco and one In
Oakland, to take lull charge of an ent'relv
new proposition, where money can be
made; must tx? abte to furnlrh bonds (not
«-aFh). Arp'y J. I>. GRAY, room 1 424 U
Eleventh st.. Oakland. . • t .
LADY agentu wanted everywhere to Mil
JCcmp's Buppovltorlem, i:;i2 Market et., r. 316.
ATTOKSTETS-AT-IiAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Ix dear~aTTr»~and
It no good; lor 22 years I've rr.a-le dUxrces
a eperialty; «iu:rk: quiet; no money needed-
no pay unless divorce Is granted- perfectly
reliable; loTv.-st ?*•*>*; advice free; collectors
made. G. W. HOWE. !1_2 Market St.
It. W. KING, Attorney-at-law. Exam, bldfr .
Cth floor; entrance room Oil; e5tabllshed 28
year.; all courts, general court and offlce
practice: no fees in advance or for consulta-
ticn; evening by appointment. Tel Red 3C01.
AA— Divorce: ccst« $12; qu!ck.qu!et;advice free;
all law business; no charge unless succes*-
ful; open evening,. ;/27 Market tt., room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In elvance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 919 Market St.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. B27 Market, room 004; consulta-
llen free; no fees In advance; open evening*.
AD O2»TXO_.
WEALTHY young widow~aeMir»j| to adont
child, boy preferred; must be fair. P O box
-413. Oakland. ' "
ASTHMA CTJ__.
El KOLA'S Asthana Remedy relieve* Ir.s-intlv-
:0c. 25c, ' 60c. 1002 Market. St. NlcholaV
_so Wi-bart, 10th and Washington, Oakland!
CARPET BEATZ-TG AWD CLEA'^JO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
lor cleaning carpeta on floor without removal -
carpets and rurs also cleaned by compressed
air at' «hop: prices moderate. E. F. Coin-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. SOS Market ¦_•
I |-,cr.f s Main 1*2 and Bush 479.
WlfEN you become disgusted with your work
*erd for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing- works. 355-337 Teharr.a st. Tel. South 49.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1SW Har-
rison et.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED 1IAGE-
DORN — CO.; pbone Mission 223.
MITCHELL'S, 24C Fourteenth «t.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter »_.;
tel. Main _4 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propa.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 203.
C_OT_I_ITfr ___0VATZ_G.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; ecourin- and
-yelr.g. Bon March". Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
co-j-gcrioy qgrrcES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made?
-city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montcomery ct.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main S5-0.
I?'_K,IEj-___- A_ 10 = POUND SACK OF SUMMIT SNOW
EMPLOYMENT WASTOD-rEMA_-_
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
companion or housekeeper in small ramlij or
adults; city or country; no lncumbrance. Aa.
dress Housekeeper. P. P.. station B. ctty.
A^ REFINED~~ middle-aged woman desires
housework wltiT plain people; Is good oooic;
good home desired. Call at 1033 Berkeley
way, Berkeley.
WANTED — Position^ in private family to sew
and do second work; flrst-clas3 references.
Box 520. Call office^
REFINED, well groomed young lady wishes
position as companion; excellent reference..
Phone Pine 1133. ,
A GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or house-cleantng. 2JS29
California st., near Broderlck; florist.
YOUNG, respectable girl wishes light house-
work. Address 2470 Sacramento st.
YfouNG woman of refinement wishes to act as
nurse or companion for lady. Box 5*0. Call.
A GOOD American woman is out of means
and alone and needs help immediately: will
go for light wages In small family for horn?;
reliable and honest; please call. 10ti%
Third St.. room 19.
YOUNG lady, good plain French cook, one
month from France, wishes position In pri-
vate family: Oakland or Alameda. Box 1508,
Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG widow with & little girl 2 years of
age wishes position as working housekeeper
for refined gentlemen. Box 544. Call.
A REFINED American woman wishes situa-
tion as second girl and plain sewing !n pri-
vate family; good references. Box 542. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young lady otenogra-
- pher and typist; neat, accurate and willing.
Box 523. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as com-
panion to children or lady; good French
teicher. Box 519, Call.
; YOUNG lady of refinement wishes position as
lady's companion; city or country. Address
i MISS, A. L.. Call offlce, Oakland.
A WOMAN wUhes work by the day; washing
and houwcleanlng. 917% Natoma st., bet.
Tenth and Eleventh.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work by the
day; first-class laundrens. Box 8-H. Call.-
A WOMAN wants position for general house-
work: no postalf. 25CC Bush st.
JAPANESE girl wishes situation to do house-
: work and help cocking In small family;
wages $2 a week. 140C Pacific ave.
A JAPANESE girl wants & situation as plain
c<v>k and to do housework. A. B., 539 Ste-
ver.son st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Haiaar. 633 McAllister »t.
EMPLOYMEKT WAITT-IP — MALE-
ELEVATOR man experienced, colored, wants
portion. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d it.;
Tel. Bush 405.
COMPETENT Swiss couple want positions on
small ranch; man good gardener and gen-
eral farm hand; wife good cook; best of ref-
erenres. Humboldt House. Stockton st.
YOUNG strong man. 22 years old. 3 years'
experience in grocery detail, wants position
In grocery as clerk or In stock. Box 570,
Call offlce.
HOTEL night clerk who understands checking
day work, with best references, aecks posi-
tion In first-class hotel in city or out of
town. Address box 860. Call office^
ELDERLY choreman wants work; can take
care of horse* and garden; wages $10 per
month. Box S91. Call office.
YOUNG man war.ts work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.;
city or country. Box 019. Call.
GARDENER wants position; Is also first-class
horseman; sober and reliable: best city and
couiftry references'. Eox SOS, Call offlce.
GOOD German carpenter, with tools, would
like work. CIIAS. FRITHE, box 10, Allen,
dale Tostofflce.
MAN and wife want work In prlvat* family
or in hotel. Box 1619. 1008 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS machinist wishes position. Ad-
dress C. CEDERBERG. 757 Harrison st.
YOUNG man wants kitchen work in restaurant
or hotel. Box 1C2O. 1008 Market st.
FIKST-CLASS salesman, at home In shoe or
cloak and suit dept.. IS years' experience as
advertiser, wants city employment; salary
no object to begin with. Address A. B. C,
Hotel Greystone, C6 Geary st.
GENTLEMAN of good address. speaking
English. Portuguese and Spanish, wishes
employment with mercantile firm as traveler
or salesman. _ Address J. M. A., box SSO.
Call offlce. £jj ,
WANTED — Hy a German, position to milk
cows, tend horses or take care of place; ref.
Address OEORGK WOLLAP. Dominican Sis-
ters. l^<j^ity- fourth and Guerrero sts.
AN expert stenographer and typist (owns ma-
chine) wants extra work: at liberty after 4
p. m. and all day Saturdays; verbatim re-
porting. Box !)22, Call.
HANDY man wants situation In a private
place; can take rare of horses and drive
scKn>: and knuws how to handle tools. Ad-
dress L. H. REINEL. 2C7 Mlnni St.. S. F.
ACTIVE middle-aged man would like work
on country place; Is sober and competent;
cm n-.ilk and make butter; wages $15. Box
516. Call offlce.
STUDENT attending Heald's Business College
wishes work of any kind to pay expenses;
waiting at table or work In store preferred.
Addrers F. E. M., 155B Hawthorne St.
A PLACE wanted by an elderly man: not
afraid of hard work; can take care of horse,
cow or garden, chickens, etc. Call or ad-
dress J. DALY, Laurere St., San RafaeL
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
week: will give estimates if desired; has all
necessary shop tools. Box 488, Call offlce.
GKRMAN. ."5 years of age, steady and _obar,
used to hard work, wishes any kind of work.
Address J. F.. 1-5 Third at.. 3. F.
SOBER, osliabla young man wants position In
store; any kind of work; willing; good ref-
erences. 1017 Webster St., Oakland.
YOUNG man wants work or any kind; under-
stand- care of hnrses. cows, garden, etc.;
city or country. Box 513. Call offlce.
GARDENER wants position: Is also flrst-class
horseman; sober and r-llabte; best city and
.country references. Box S93, Call.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper by young
man: strictly sober: dees not gamble; good
references. Box 502, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position by a first-class* m«at cut-
ter; country preferred; Bqx 527, Call.
EXPERIENCED male nurse would Like posl- •
tion to travel. Box 508, Call efflce.
NICE Japauiese waiter wants housework; $3.
Box 567. Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy. henest. speaks English well!
wants a position as a school boy or house-
, work: by letter. TAMURA. J. Y. M. C. A.,
121 Ha'ght -t.
JAPANESE couple wishes a position in nice
family: man first-class cook; wife wait at
table and do housework. S. OHARA. 417
Jcnos st. ; phone Hyde 1673.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as waiter on
table in nice family: speaks English: best
of refer-nc?s. GEORGE. 313 Sutter St.; tel.
Black 424.
JAPANESE young boy wishes position to do
hourcwork and plain washing. ODA, 417
Jones st. ; phone Hyde 1C75.
_Aj JAPANESE wants position at night or 1
mcrning work; fpeaks English. T. O., 1543
Larkin at.
JAPANESE butler, valet or houseworker.
¦wishes position In private family: first-class
servant. A. YU, 315% Stockton st.
JAPANESE youn?: boy wants . a position as
schoolboy and housework, waiter. In city or
1 country. M\ TAKEMURA, S39 Sacramento.
• JAPANESE boy deylres position as waiter or j
schoolboy; understands English well. Tel.
Polk 37S2. . ____."
JAPANESE desires position as schoolboy or
housework: .«peaks well and has experience.
25SA OFarrell st. GEO. JOKOHAMA. .
JAPANESE, i honest. Intelligent boy, wants a
situation In small family as schoolboy:
speak.* English well. JODORI. 807 Polk st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position In fam-
ily tor ' housework ; can do Japanese mas-
age. "".YAMA, 350 Jessie st.
A JAPANESE boy wants to do any work, &
a. m. to 4 p. m. Write to 1320 Pine st.
JAPANESE wanti position at night ox morn-
Ing u-ork; sp-aks English. T. O.. 1513 Larkin.
CHINESE, jrrod cook, 'wants a position In
faml!y; wages $10 or $3 per week. Address
7. Brenham place. R. FONG.
i CHINESE. first-cl»*s hotel cook, wants a po-
-ition. N. K.. 741 Sacramento st.THE >SAN FRA^JUlsc^ trnLL". FRIDAY. NOVEMBER IS, 1904.
13
ALAMEDA ADYEBT^S^TS
All A3IED A H^*T. ¦ XSTATH. : * .^
WHO wants a beautiful and complete new ff-
room cottajre. worth $4000; now for sal« for
$3250; lot SCxlCS: location first class. Owner.
1243 Park St.. Alameda: terms $300 cash.
$D to let. or for salo J1CC0 — Four-room cottar*.
3 Pease are.. Alameda; narrow naupe ferry.
BERKELEY APVERT'S'NTS
BKRKKLET nEAL, E5TATB.
— «33C0— ':', • '¦¦¦"¦
A CHOICE hom* on Delaware at., B«rtt«!«ty: 8
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern:
•unny exposure; fine view; «asy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
•rty.i
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Iao.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St.,
Oakland
$3150 — NEW, modern, T-room house: 15 min-
utes from North Berkeley station; hijti
rround: fine view. R. A. BERRT A CO..
Poftofflc* block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERrS'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKXAWP BEAIi ESTATE.
OAKLAND PKOPERTT FOR SALE.
I |24uO — Reduced from (2000; owner and
builder financially embarrassed: must sell;
cettaee of 5 rooms, bath; all modern con-
veniences, with 9-foot basement, constructed
ao as to be made Into a flat of 5 rooms
more; lot larse and sunny; right near Key
Route station at Fortieth and Saa Pablo:
only 27 minutes to San Francisco; tsrms, J33t>
cash, balance mprtgage at low rat? of in-
terest. Remember, the house ts new. mod-
em; first -class. First come first served.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale^-On Peralta Ilelshts. East Oakland,
choice lot. 7Oxl3O f^et; sunny southern ex-
posure- all stre«t work and sidewalk com-
plete; 3 blocks from the boulevard and lake:
2 blocks from n«w Key route car line with-
out change to ferry; 43 minutes to San Fran-
cisco; low orlce If sold this month. B. It.
. WELCH & CO.. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth
St.. Oakland.
$5500 — AN elegant 8 -room honsa and 1 modern
bath, and lot SOxlOO; all Improved In lawn
and cement walks; house Is elegantly car-
peted and mostly furnished with first-class
furniture; positively a sacrifice. See owner.
R. V. CALLAHAN. 28 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont:
En* neighborhood; good location; near car .
lice; will sell cheap: must be seea to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. «73 38th st.
TWO lots, 23x100. with cottace In North Oak-
land, cloee to Key route power-house and 3
blocks to local train: only $1000; investlffat*
this. Inquire 2403 Telegraph ave.
oaxIlAni) puajMiTURE Toa batji;.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st-.cor.store.Oak!and
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
BOOMS 70S HOXTS3EEPIITO.
EDDT. 804 — Two sunny housekeeping 1 rooms.
•/SEART. 1225 — Completely furnished suita for
housekeeping, bath, etc.; also 3-room cot-
tage with yard; $21 per month.
HOWARD. 719% — Sunny housekeeping rooms,
and others; respectable; no transient.
HOWARD, 1971 — 2 large unfurnished connect-
ing rooms; modern; private family; cheap
to right party.
JESSIE*. 323 — Large, sunny, front parlor, gas
range. 2 be-in. $¦', 73 wk. ; other rooms. $3. $1 SO
JONES. 207 — Two-room apartments. also
single rooms, for housekeeping; $2 50 and
$3 per week.
KEXILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— TTlree-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room sifttes: steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates, reasonable
MINI* A. 546 — Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 172914—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, bath and laundry; $10 and $11.
OAK, 117 — Complets for housekeeping. $3 to
}12; gas range: hot bath; adults.
O"FARRELLi. 208 — 3 connecting rooms ;- gas
range; running water: sunny yard.
SACRAMENTO. 1490— Front, sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms; all conveniences; very
reasonable.
SANCHEZ. 609, near Eighteenth— Larse
sunny sitting room; alcove bedroom; kitchen;
reasonable.
SCOTT. 300. near Haight — 2 or S extra sunny
housekeeping rooms; low price.
STANYAX. 1009^ — 2 sunny front rooms, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; 1 block from
Golden Gate Park; rent reasonable.
THE LAUNSTON. 110 Eddy— Newly furalsh-
ed; best transient house in city; 50c. fl.
THIRD, 320 — Housekeeping rooms: coal stores
or gas ranges; to rent cheap to qnlet people.
TURK. 1158 — Nice rooms In new flat fcr house-
keeping.
WALLER, 71 — A furnished suite of rooms; sun
all day; in n-w house; fine view.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions reeetved at
Call branch ofSco, ccr. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS TO XiXT — X*nra. und PTtfnra.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane— New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and co'.d
water; electric lights: only first-class bouse
In locality; rooms $1 SO week and up.
A — BRUNSWICK house. US Sixth St.— Rooms
23c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth *t.) — Rooms, 25c. COc, $1. $1 SO nlgbt;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night
AVON 473 Geary — New house, just opened,
salt* and single rooms; private baths: *pe-
clal rates to tourists.
BELMOND House; over Owl drag store: 3 en-
trancea, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room; C:0
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
CEDAR are., 117 — Small sunny room to rent.
FELL, 64S — Large furnished sunny front al-
cove room, suitable for 2; also single room,
bath, etc.: walking distance.
FIRST. 317 — 2 connecting, unfurnished rooms;
large closets; running wafer; no children.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 23 night; $1 SO to $8 wk.; reading.- room.
HARRISON. 2410. between Twentieth and
Twenty- first — Room to let; $4 per month.
HOWARD.- 718 — Large, sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and 11 25 to $3 week.
JONES. 507 — Bay window and sunny: Junction .
O'Farrell st. ; Just renovated.
LEXINGTON ave.. 164— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 OO to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 1095. cor. Webster— Beautiful
suite of sunny front rooms In new corner
1 fiat; rent reas.: furnished or unfurnished.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st-^00
tdngle and family rooms 35c to $1 SO per day,
$2 to $3 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths -nd ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
O'FARRELL. 208— Nlcsly furnished, sunny
front rooms; also single; $2 to $4 week.
PINE. 827, near Powell — 1 large sunny room,
suitable for one or two: reasonable.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights;
reading-rcom. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 SO; week. $3
to $3; month. $9 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POWELL. 1902 — Large unfurnished room to
Jet %t $a month. ¦
SEVENTH. lQg— Large single room, famished.
SEVENTH, 140— Furnished rooms; bath and
gas. .
STOCKTON. 41-45— Nicely rarnlshed sunny
front rooms, also single, fi to $8 week.
Continued on Page Fourteen. _"ji
A 10-lb SACK OF . '
'A ¦ ¦ • • -
|| I ~ ~~ — 1 (Each Sack Inclosed in Paper Bag)
I S^ Given Away With Every Want
/ : : ; ; —
I / \ Ad at Our Office. Or if Preferred,'
M &$§MW fto 9 \ wm Be Delivered to Yoar Home
I / *&£\?ii SyI Wt U § \ SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR is a new Hour that has
j / H^H^j/B''P W H F Ww% \ proven a tremendous success. Evpry detail- of its manu-
/ CtjP^vr ' /¦• N ¦% Tcl[ t|f I facture i^ most carefully watched from FIELD TO
\ I I fk$f /i *\>— '* FAMILY. It is so named because it is highest in quality,
i; j fy — S ' ; if^ \ /*l^l» * n c °l° r » * n strength and in purity, -and is *alwavs uniform.
I - I 4&/ s?-^/^ \ V. SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR offers an extraordinary
; I x0^^ ¦'" O "v V* Ie^ premium to every consumer. Dividend stock without lia-
j! I Ai^ ! £* -^$^1* %*s^ ! a bility is given to every purchaser. For every four names,
\ I s^S020^^^ "SUMMIT SNOW," cut from the top of sack and pre-
\ \ I <^^ ¥r sented to the office of the Standard Flour Co., 133 Spear
' I tdo? *T?l>sr!IfTff/fiM/ l^l»^/f r§* street, one share of dividend stock wili be given. Each'
! \liJOT(l$H shareholder will receive a dividend of from 8 to 20
j g£. W^v&r '^s^^ P ci Ccnt P er annum -
1 rtfi^lfi C^ rV^/^\n>^Q ' The Standard Flour Co. is incorporated for $1,000,-
"^^ 0\/7f?fV7/* / 1 it I rJ/A f(0}l\J^' !K ' °°°' anc * an ener S et ' c campaign of publicity and sale has
IZfili/lhf ilPL** m * ' been begun. Thousands of dollars will be distributed an-
2 >-^-J «-« «r , nually to stock-holding consumers. Bring your Want Ads
Um^3 IMPROVED kMte& PROCFSS ' to our o ffice and get a ten-pound sack free of this NO. 1
I - pL I.T*YV/vls.w Mtq iwvi-iJsj . FIRST-CLASS FAMILY FLOUR.
|gpil^li||i|j Tharsflay, Friflay or Satnrday
\ SAN FRANCISCO t
1 EXCLUSIVE OfSTRlBUTORS • III© &V/NIXnL fl C«AOL
-* FOR*- • I ' ¦
STANDARD FLO UR€O. \ business office
) : \l Third and Market Streets
tx^smabk Oakland Office --.,-. 1016 Broadway
F2SSONA£S.
"REXRADIO' TREATS ALL ALLEGED
"INCURABLE" DISEASES WITHOUT
medicine. His remarkable success can be
¦ Judged by the numerous - wonderful testi-
monials that have continually crowded this
column. The "blind" see. "deaf" haar,
"lame" leap! This is literally true and can
be ••demonstrated" b>- interviews with pa-
tients and witnesses. Hours. 2 to 7. Public
free healing, 2 arjd 8 p. m. 'S-1Vt Market.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox plt-
llncs, basgines* of eyes or any blemish of
the face. Mme. GUllngham invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other in this
city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton St.: write fcr booklet.
M. ELLA HARRIS, French liquid powder;
gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off; send
• only $1 and test it for yourself. M. Ella Har-
ris, chemist and gkln specialist. 123 Geary nt.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its urowth.stopa falling, cures dandruff
and itching ecalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists'.hairdn'siier*': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133b Po:k.
DP.. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure ctiw for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggt.-ts for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL Si BROWN. 40 Turk st.. 3. F.
WILL the tall gentleman who complained of
heartburn kindly try CHICLETS after smok-
ing? '
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY. e?tab.
ISM. 2122 Fi'Imone tt. ; phone Geary S0.>3.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trous-rs at CHARLES LYONS 1 . London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 SO
down and SI 5<> per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. S40 Post St.. near Powell.
ELEGANT ?ults to order, extra pants or fancy
vcats, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
H. ANDERSON. 2C O'Farrell st. — Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
. $1 a week; suits to ord« r $15 up. LEM03. 1127
1 Market St.. bet. .Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GAP.IN. 138 Montgomery st.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1C44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton,"C9 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.33.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt.
ALFP.EDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to it* natural color. *l at all druggists'.
aTweEK'S nf-ws for 5 cents— Th- Weekly Call.
10 pager, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PUZtCnZASTZTO AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence sollctt-
ed. 805 Larkln St.. room 49: tel. Sooth 31».
JftBAX, ESTATE— CITY— FOB SA.1J1.
SOME MORE SOLD.
: Jl 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lot.«. Excelsior Homestead Tract:
1-vel as a billiard table; on grade; close to
fins school and Mission street electric cars;
bourd to double in value. IV
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocran Boulevard: be*t residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE.
2C Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
• REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
B MONTGOMERY ST.
DOWNTOWN.
OVER 7.".xl37:6.
EXTRA LARGE.
NEAR TRANSFER POINT.
OFFER INVITED.
CAN BR DIVIDED FOR 2 BUYERS.
COZY home near park; 5 large rooms, large
basement, sen-ant's room; fine brick man-
tels, conservatory: stable for auto; large lot;
all as good as new: 3 minutes' walk from 4
car lines. Box 4871, Call office.
$27."0 — LARGE S-rcom house. 47 Arlington ft. :
could be made Into flats irith very little ex-
pens": near Mission and Guerrero at. cars;
U1750 mortgage can stand. D. COFFIN, 252S
Mission ?t.» near Twenty-first^
$1400 — TiTRMS If desired; 30-ft. front: block
of 10th and Valencia: street work complete.
Th«> Dol.in Co., lt»7 Mark?t. opp. Franklin.
A J20C0 HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association, 427 Crosxley 6ld.
MODERN bathrooms fitted up: estimates.
Ahlbach & Mayer. Plumbers. s:;fl Howard St.
BAH MATEO BEA1 ESTATE.
LOMtTA PARK— On line of San Mateo el»ctr!e
care 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.:
outside the foK belt and just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff" will Jain
th«. main line; 50-foot lots from $»00 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month: sewer
and water pipes In front of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 175 lots sold since
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot in this desirable section: take the
electric cars and get off at "LOMITA
PARK" and investigate; mapv sent on 'ap-
plication.
SF.LBY. RODGERS Sc CO..
Tel. Main 673. lift California st.
MIX.T. VAT.T.TTT W.t» « -- •»•-¦
••vr-,o_cOTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath: lot 75x160.
L of 40x120- beautiful view of San Francisco
and bay; Sunny Heights. 6 minutes to depot;
For rent— Suite ot rooms) in the new Leal
• building, suitable for lawyer, dressmaking:
now ready for occupancy.
B. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate. MH1 Valley. Cal.
REAL ESTATE— COtnffTBY— For SaJa,
SALE or exchange for city property: sacrifice;
153 acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation:
fruit vines afld grain; fully equipped and
oaytng: beautiful place; gentleman s home.
" SHADBURN'E. 405 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains Tin California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
64'TMarket st.
EXAIi ESTATE TO EXC3AROB.
CLEAR Oakland, Berkeley or S. F. property
for ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14-15 Bacon
block. Oakland, '
¦"¦" ¦ m ¦¦ -
PBOPEBTT WAKTEP.
SEVEN or 8 room house or "" flats wanted:
monthly payments; state particulars. KU
Parrott bldg.
' ' PBOPOSAjLS.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies — Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco. Cal.
November 16. 1&04. — Sealed proposals for fur-
nl'hlri? and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in Ban Fran-
cisco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here uatll 11 o'clock
a. m.. Saturday, November 26. 1904, and
- opened Immediately thereafter In presence of
bidders. Specifications, general instructions
to bidders and blank forms of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, Major Com'y.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. October .22. 1904^—
Sealed proposals, in ' triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clc-k a. m.< Novem-
ber 22. 1004. and then opened for construct-
ing small picket guard-house at entrance to
Fort Baker . Reservation. California. Gov-
ernment reserves the right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids in whole or In part. In-
formation furnished on applicatjon to WM.
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Quartermaster.
I NOTICE to Street Contractors — The committee
I appointed by the property owners of Sun-
I set District hereby Invites estimates for the
j bltuminizing and laying of granite curbs on
1 about thirty (30) blocks in above named dls-
1 trict. For further particulars communicate
I with JOHN J. WALSH, Chairman of Com-
mittee, 1743 Eleventh ave.
: DIVXDEirD NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND notice — Clareraent Oil Company on
Dec. 1. 1904. will pay a dividend (No. 6),
amounting to $-4500. equal to lc per share
on Its ltsued capital stock. Transfer books
close Friday. Nov. 25. 1904. at 5 p. m., pay-
able at company's office, room 731, Mills
bldg.. San Francisco. GEO. J. REMINO-
TON. Secretary. . .
SUFFUES.
AN. exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No.~i
' Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 5a The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, rep^red.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 5CS Market.
MOWEY TO I.OAHT— Cortlnned.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St..
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc at
2 per ccnt per month.
PRIVATE— Money leaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee- no
com.; cut rate. Cal Loan Co..52T. Parrott Bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal-
no commission; no publicity; JiT.V up; quick
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 2l!
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
tnre, indorsed notes and other security 3
F. Di5count Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silv-r.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bouxcr
at W. J. HESTHAL'g, 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on "alary until you see
u». Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg..
STAU Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual 8av. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamond* and Jewelryat 2per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoryer MORRELL. 6fit> Examiner bufldine.
SOUSZCAXi IITSTBUaCBirTS.
ARISTOCRAT among pianos — the Gabler-
oldest, exclusive, high-class piano in Amer-
ica; over 50.000 sold in the past 50 years
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary st . S*
V.', 1252 Broadway. Oakland; manufacturers
¦'.. of the Peerless Heine; largest stock and
greatest variety; installments and rents $2
up; prices from $25 to $1000.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mustard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling— rMahcgany case; usett 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber— Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new.
from $35 up: easy payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SQN. 16 O'Farrell st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rant. $3
per month; ooe yrar'is rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CUr.TAZ. 660 Hayes st.
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand,$45To $500.
Pierce's Piano Factory, Market & 14th sts.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st.
$30— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new: a snap.
HORNUNQ. 216 McAllister at.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3- PEDAL Stein w"ay up; Chickering baby trrand:
• Phonlnger. little used. Keefle's. 2S3 O'Farrell.
.MATTnESSES AITP^PII.I.OWa.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehydt
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKD
BKOS.. 143g-.14 Howard St.: phon- South 218.
MINES A1TO MII7T3TG.
WANTED— Party with $500 to Join promoters
in a new Goldfleld mining company; choice
property secured, assay fng $30 a ton. L. E.
PRUSSO. 810 Market st.. room 10.
SECOND ave. 734. near Fulton — Home and
care for Invalids and -for mental and nervous
cases; phone Pace 2505.
PHYSICIANS ASS ST7HGEO2TS.
DR. C.'C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence^
1021% Market st.. bet. (Jth and 7th; particu-
. lar attention paid to diseases of women..
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all ' diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter.
PAPSBHAia-oTjro. PAjarrpa-o. etc.
First -clans work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 10C7 McAllister st.: tel. Fell 2403.
~ . ' PATENTS. , ,~~~
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINAr"a7-
torney-at-law. tf Hobart bldg.. S32 Market bl
- rOjttJJAJUiJ— Con^
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofa, and for valleys, gutter*,
decks, balconies, etc. Maetic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
MODKHN office glass partition, with large
sample shrine. Room 415, Italian-American
Bank bldg.; appointment.
SAFES and caph registers, new and second-
haifll. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market Bt.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant ¦ sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery Bt.
ROOMS papered. $1 uru tintlnjr. nnlntine.
Hartmann Paint Co., 3!9rrhlrd; tel. Man 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
MOVINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental; ,
bargains. Builard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THB HER-
MANN SAFE CO., S07 Battery st. _
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont st.
Msoc^AinBoys WAarrfl.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 022 Folsom: tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' caat-
oflC clothing. Tr-I Kjjivls S25. 650 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cath. KARL EBER & CO., room 405, Ad-
ams bldg., 209 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing ar.d
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; \el. Jessie 3018.
Levy & R;dler. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing., shoes; tel. Red 1544. 613 Washington.
MOJTEY 7O I.OA1T.
H ~(Incr>^
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST BV4 AND «_PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRT
..;. PROPERTY
Eecond mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and vndivided interests la property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT
Suite 107- 108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main S924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
, 001-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlement*; no disappointments. '
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
i When You Need Money, ¦
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. '
*""- WILL LOAN
• A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgaged on real estate 3
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
' Give full Dartlculara
of property, ¦ , • ¦ ¦ :
Location, etc.
¦¦ -.V-'V* ''i'i Box'223, Call office. :'p~M
SALARY LOANS— ~~ — —
Money loaned sajarled people without secur-
ity or Indorsement,' knowledge of employer or
' any one; confidential and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real 'estate;
1st or 2d mortgages cr on any security: any
amount. O. W. , BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances. on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
' 900 Market; tel. Mala 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
; chants, ' teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. , Tolman, 563 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc, UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st,
' n*ar Market. .""¦"'-
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable Interest. A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on'diamonds, watch'ev Jewelry:
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.'
HELP WAirrEP — MALE— Contlnned.
MEN wanted- at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed noles 10 min., 75c.
SAILORS and young mnn (green hands) for
/Fhips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson bU
LABOR debts collected: eults. attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy., r.415.
PENSION stty.. E. A. Built*, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Port.. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
Iven opened at KKJS Market st., opposite
Fifth. Op<»n until 11 p. n>.
ALL •izfs m*n'8 shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 -Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOBSES ACT WAGOnS.
THOROUGHBRED running stallion, 15 hands
Ms;h. for eale. Address McADAMS BROS..
Hazeldean Cottaere. Saunallto. Cal.
FOR fale, cheap. Iron gray horse; weight 1250
pounds; work single or double. JInquire at
113 Welsh St.. near Fourth. R. F. J.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round- near Black Diamond Contra Costa,
» County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S. F.
AUCTION pale of horw»!>. wagons and harness
every, Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
FOR sale — Handsome pony; ride or drive; gen-
tle; $40 1 1318Grove^st ;
NEW and eecond-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
TWO fine pandle top wagons for sale cheap.
l!J06 Folsom st. *
FOR eale cheap, nil kinds of business wagons;
new snd eecend band. W03 Folsom st.
FOR sale — 8 second-hand express wagons, one
finale truclt. 233 Beale st. ¦
WAGONETTES, surreys, bungles, wagons, har;
nese, work & driving horses. 15th-Valenda-
houses jrojr.i:T.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN ic CO., 20 Montgomery
HOUSES rUSJJISHED — 7OS SALE.
A GRKAT bargain— House of 14 rooms; well
furnished: must be sold this week; offer ¦
I wanted. 242 Post st.
Ho':«« of 8 room*, neatly fum.; all rented; no
reas. offer refuned. 902 McAllister, 1 to 8.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1016 Van N*sWjj*ra£=f
Thle Crst-claFS hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
Feason or year. I>ocation la unfurpasted. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. Tho rooms aro large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
••letrant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-.
I NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
N. T.. and Moara Hotel, Honolulu.
HOUSE-CLEANING OFFICES.
JAPANESE boucecleanlng. company and shoe-
maker. 818 Geurh St.: phone Hyward P..VU. .
LOST ASP rOUCT,
LOST — Wednesday, between 5:30 and 6:30
p. ra., on FlUmore or Castro st. car linen,
ruby and diamond cluster ring; one ruby sur-
rounded with ten diamonds: ring was In
white velvet case stamped "Shreve & Co.";
$40 reward. Return to SHREVE & CO.
LOST — A brorm carved • leatner purse contain-
ing about ?«. $5 being In gold, balance In
rtlvor; lost on Market St.. between Third and
Fourth, or on Ellls-st, car- between Market
and Devlsadero sts. -Liberal reward if re-
turned to cashier ©f The Call.
LOST — On Jones St.. between Pine and Clay, a
lady's watch and pin. Finder will be re-
warded for returning it to 320 Sansome »t..
room 46, or notifying where owner can call.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco in the
name of CURTIS A. BOLTON. No. 241-
1460. TTi» finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Female pointer, last Saturday p. m.; li-
cense 5'j9; reward ottered. 311 Montgomery
avence.
LOST — Irish setter dog; white streak on chest.
Return to 1782 -Washington st.; reward.
LOST— A game of golf. ¦ The . loser forgot to
¦ clwsw CHICLETS. ¦ .
IiOST AlfP POTTHTD — Coa tinned.
LOST— Diamond locket, containing photo; re-
ward. 11»12 Pacific mi.
LOST— Tuesday evening, short black cocker
spaniel dog. Reward if return 1201»Valencia.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; initials "E. J. F."
Return to 002 Oak st. ; reward?
XA PITCHES FOB gIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure, and business ; tel. Bush 63-4.
; MEDICAL.
! LADIES -who are in trouble, or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime' to helping
women: 37 years' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no Day.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market et., rooms 7 and 8.
, LADIES — Pcaslbly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldeet specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When \v
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfertunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1; est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEiT, office 305 Kearny Bt.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male t-oubles and Irregularities: instant re-
Uef guaranteed. 1008H Market St., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
ccmplaints and irregulnrltles; Instant ¦ relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 044 Post st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe;. 25' years*
experience in female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fall see the doctor and be content. Maternl-
ty Home. 412 Taylor st.. near Geary.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complatnU; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market St.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylveatrr, 219 Kearny
EL;relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
A word to the wise Is sufficient.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. TeL East 807.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS*;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;'
$2. Cileason'-Iiuggles Drug Co.. Kearny U Clay.
DR. ROBEN. residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2Uh: ladles, relief or no fee; 110.
MZSCKZiI^AirrOTTS — FOB GALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-l»7 Fremont St.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay*
ments: .goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO.,' 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE plac* to rent gents' full dress,
• Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton Bt^ (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 CO pair-
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S 137 Mont-
gomery St., room 12. upstairs.
DEEP- WELL drilling outfit; steam power
William Edward & Co.. Ill Fremont st"
STOVES disconnected and connected- $2 B0-
plumblng.gaBfltng.400 McAlllster;tel.Mlnt 3C03
FOR sale— Second-hand shoemaker's machine-
fine order; cheap. 407 Nlcol ave., Frultvale.'
WANTED — Buyer for second-hand furniture
¦ books and clothing. 105 Fifth st., room 10. '
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes snots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell at. -
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade-
lowest prices. Price l'ump CO., B23 Market st!
Wallpaper. 3%c; paint. $1 gal.; painting," whit-
ening. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Steiner 3071.
HELP wiLHTED—MALr— Cntintiefl^
A— MURRAY A rtEADY. 134-636 Clay «t.
PhODe Main B84S.
Leading Employment and La.bor Agents.
W» &neak the G«rman. Trench. Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
Danish languages.
18O3 W* Gave 1904 We Hope to
60.000 Men Work. Increase 00,000.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
MILLWRIGHTS.
4 carpenters, large company, steady. $3 60
day.
10 bridg« carpetjtere. ne Job. S3 50 day.
Carpenter, mine. Humboldt County. $00 fd.
MILLWRIGHTS. I
6 millwrights, sawmill oo. eouth. '
MECHANICALS.
Tainter. for *tack work, large company,
country. J? day.
BENCH HANDS.
* bench hands, country planing mill $3 50
day.
Grainer and painter. <"are 15c. $:; 50 day.
MURRAY & RBAIJT. 334-C35 Clay st.
A — COAL MINERS. \
Crepon. Free Fare. Oregon.
.6 8 8
Coal miners for a cood mine, well ven-
tilated, do gas. $1 ton, big money can be
trade on the Jcb in State of
FREE. OREGON. FREE
FAUE. ORKGON. FARE.
NEW WORK.
10 laborers. $CO; 5 t€>amwt«r«, $00.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Choreman. private piace. $30 fd.; upholster,
er. country ehoji. steady Job. fare fl. $15
wetk; millman. furniture factory city.
FARMlillS. MII-KERS. ETC.
20 farmhands and plow teamsters; G milkers:
S choremea; a chorebojE; private and
ranches.
HARRIED,
rerraer and wir*, Sunta. Clara County, see
•jobs here. $40 found,
r^j niei ar.d wife. Orrgroa. $4O found.
HOTELS.
I cooks, city and country; 5 waiters: 9
kitchen hands and dishwashers; portrrs,
ix'U and elevator boye.
SI'ECIALS.
<*attie buyer, larxc firm. $100 fd.
Foreman, conerr te •work, s«*e boss hpre, $90.
<>rading foreman, construction Job. J'JO.
Worklm? foreman, ranch and dairy $35 fd.
MURRAY A ItKADT. 634-63« Clay rt.
MINERS.
GOLD QUA11TZ MINE.
5 : ... :.:r.r miners, irood mine. $90.
3 car-pesters, near city, $3 60 day.
Hrick mason, city Job. $5 day.
Ii"d£arrler, city. C2 50 day.
Andrew £tel£er please write.
MURRAY * .READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT HORD & SaUTlTS ~
Contractors* Agents. ' 95 Third st.
Teamster, bay shore, $2.
Short order cock, $12 week and meals; fare
J! 25.
Shingler, $3; fare 20c.
Cook. Fmall boarding-h»u»e. $30 and found.
Elderly man »ho can cook. city. $20 found
Man fcr dye hou«?. $15 to $20; experienced.
Folleltor for tea ar.d coffee, big inducements.
Amaflor Co.. teamsters. $2.
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
SOS Market «t.. room 325. fifth floor.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
BU nofcrapher $16 week
Mansjr-r department Etore }3 wen
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
fb«"cker $15 week
Tirr.eket pens $15 week
Accountant |15 to $25 iveek
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $18 week
Two chipping clerks $15 week
Oenf-ral office work $15 week
Kar.k clerk ifcond required) $25 w«*ek
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
SOS Market Et., room 325. fifth fljor.
CLOTHING salesman for country More. $20
P<t week and percentage; shoe Barman,
ooirn'.ry str.re, $75 month; fm boss in city;
milker and wife, *"> to $W and found;
Mackiroith's helper and floor man, $2 K0 day.
?arm»-r. ?;;0 found; •• choreman, custom shoe
maker. rurriaRc paintw and others. J. F.
CROgETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
THE ROMAYN-SIITRK REGISTER RENTING
AND ADVERTISING CO, C12-S13 Grant
hhig. ; phr.ne South 104.
4 phoe salcFnipn A Kp. 1, fine appearance.
<'lo:hlnjir salesman, rents'. $v0 and extras.
Oer.t8' furnirtjiriE!» s>a?fsman, swell place.
Waiters for hotel. *:{<•.
ANDRFTS office. 317 etorkton ft. — NiRht wait-
er, wi:h ref*»r?ncps. to take churpe small res-
taurant. ftZ>; extra waiters Sunday; porter
for .-pytauram. $T week; dishwasher. $20. etc.
TV ANTED — Chemist, $2000 por annum; an «>r-
••rr.lnntinn •Rill bt h^ld at tb& navy yard.
Mare Island. Cal.. l>cemb«r 13. lt>04. to fill
the above position; for application nnd
furthpr Information address COMMANDANT
NAVY YARD, MATtE ISLAND. CAU
TVA.NTi:i> — Central «1ry eoo<Js man to go to
Kaunas. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
LAI'VL-RT marker and distributer wanted.
Apply early this (Friday) morning at Sneer-
ins Laundry. 7C0 McAllister Ft.
WANTED — Ycur.g man for outside work; murt
bt- willing to hUFtle; state previous employ-
ments, age. reference?. Box o.t8. Call.
GET yotsr shoo* half-soled while waiting-; 25c
to Otc. 571 Mission st.. bet. let and 2d sts.,
"r 11 Third «.. Examiner bulldlns:.
BARBKH shops for Kale, doing good buRiness,
or takf partner; sickness" "au^e s*llins- har-
caln. S-f Co>man, SOfi Mutual Bank bldg.
n\T. boys war.te.1. JOE KC?ENEERC, 516
Market st.
HARRERS— Wartod. to buy raying barber
shop Addrfss ~(£i Howard st.
BARBER war.U-d for Saturday evening and
Sunday morning. 1.V.2 Church st.
BARTER for Saturday and Sunday. 245 East
*tr»ct.
GOOD barh^r. steady, and one fcr Saturday
2t» Thlid «L
naST-CUVSS pantytr.akpr fo' th=> country.
Apply RE1SS BHOS. & CO.. 24 Suiter st.
OOLORCD porter for barber shop; young man.
73tf Geary st.
CV)I) botcber wnnt-d: Si 8 per week. 1377
Haiphl ~t., nr. Masonic ave.
WANTKD — IZvery rawi in town to try CHIC-
LET? aftrr !>n:c!:)nr.
A GOOD blork butcher at 3318 Mission ct
CKIVER wanted for milk waron. Box 901.
'-nil office. ....
t'SKFUL. ccm-wter.t Gorman. liquor store;
bar; htate ape and refs. Bix iilS. Call.
W">orrTURNEn for pin* furniture factory!
2147 Folsom st. •-¦•¦,/ ;* -
KB8SAOB bey for tea rtore; wages $4! Aut.1v
_j:i* Third st. '
T.ANTED— Yourg man with $100 for irood
raying lfpUlmat» hu*ine«s. Jlox 887, Call.
WANTED — 10 ncn-union electrician*; 0 a. m
to 12 m. «05 CFarrell st
A YOUNG man between 23 and 35, of good
family and business f-.bility. in retail buBi-
»*¦»*¦; must invert at least $WX>; In addition
to salary will share pi-oflis. Address box
S23. Call.
WaNTHD— Gfwvl pinno reader or fak»r who |
csji play fcr a road rhiw for efnfring and
rtanclnr; good salary ts ri^ht party; no
hums; towns arour.J th<» city. Call or
v-ntf to \V. J. N-nVKPKKR. C58 Qrove et.
tVANTTD— Yrurx man who is a thoroughly
••XT/*Tier.cf-<l flik and dress coods salesman.
£l?AT. betw< "* n 9 *nd 11 a. m. at HALE
__ BROS.
WANT!:!)— Men to prrpare fer railway mail
ar.a cu6t^m-hou»> positions. Apply for free
r«talcpu». I'aciflc Correspondence Institute,
Grant b!dg.. y fJ - Market st.
WANTED— Lnborerx and mechanic* to know
th *} J-<J Rclkin. Reno Hcuse proprietor, has
Uf.'^_ |flf( new fooms to the Denver House.
l !l^J_£ 50 "^nis; 25c to 50c per night.
WA . N Z EI^~ M * n *»i*B. 350"7o^ms~e?t~20c"per
Bight; clothe? closets, hair nattrta: eloctrie
llgtit In cvt-ry room. CS1 Howard «t.
WANTED— A Rrxvl painter and grainer; non-
unlon. CaHJ!3M Twenty-fifth it.
riRET-CLAFi? barber shop for~Mle; doing
good buEincsg; owner retiring. 2584 MarkeC
?4^5^^ "«*^i :^We^7fl^~boy".~Un!on
Lithograph Co.. 525 Sannome st.
WANTED- Seamen and < rdlnary wtmr'n to all
parts cf world. Thos. Murray, 610 Davis st.
BARBER shop; $175; nothing for rood will-
half down, half en payment 2619 MUsTon!
MAN to take orders for a newsoaner ami
prinUng. Arply 519 nipert sT
rrnONG .rrand boy. about 15 years old. foi
house. Address box 83L C*U.
TWO young men; barber trade~taiight free^
wages after flrtt week. 751 Mission at,
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and eonn-
try agenU; steady poslUons. 2i7 Fifth st.
MEN. learn the barber trace; tuition free to
lucky one. 7*1 Howard st.
WANTED— Man to learn- a rood trade; paid
while learning. Call W8 Merchant st.
BAILORS and ordinary eesunen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 28 Steuan st.Dr. Emily Xoble Lectures.
Dr. Emily Noble gave an interesting
lecture last night at Pioneer Hall
under the auspices of the Society of
California Pioneers. »Mr3. Noble used
for her subject. "Among the Brah
mins in India.'/ The lecture wag illus
trated: with stereopticon views. The
speaker described the habits and the
ways of the race in an instructive
manner. ¦ ,
Mttirt FOR ?'. «rF,.\'TR— ONE-EIGHTH OF
SECOND CAPITAL. PIUZE.
Stats of Ohio, City of Cotumbns.
John F!wh-r of the cl»v of .-»ic-lngfl>M.
rovnty of Ctark. Stat» of Ohio, resld'n* at S3
Locust aver-* in «ai-t city. b»»n* f!r*t rtnJy
¦worn upon h!* oath, deposes arrl «ay« that 1>«
Ji th* bona fide owner of on»-H»htl» ttrket No.
"<>.4.T!» In fh» Honrta»<»«i National "Lottery,
which number drew the secnml capital prlw
of $SftCO m the drawing heM August V\ Wl.
JOHN FISCHER.
Rubcoriberf N>'ore me und sworn to by th-i
m»M -John Flsrh'r this 34th day of I August.
1004.
• JAMF" C. PHFTPPArtr*.
Notary Public. VrankMn County.
Originals o* fore^oin» > a'flrtsvtts he'd t>f
?r**M»nt "f TT<-n«'v^<i National Lottery Cbnv
par.y (Louisiana Stat« Lottery Company).
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Nov. 17.
Bark Mohican, N Kelly, 28 days from Hono
lulu. . • :¦>::
Stmr Greenwood. Walvlg, 15 hours from
Blsby Landln™.
Stmr Magsie, Whitney. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Queen, Tliomac, * 81 hours from Vic
toria, etc.
SAILED.
Thursday. Nov. 17.
- Stmr Centralia, Ericsson, Drays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PpRTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skagway; itmr Jeanle. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Santa Clara, for Valdez.'
s ' FOREIGN PORTS. , .
VICTORIA— Passed In Xov 17— Kr bark La
Tour d'Auvergne, from Lelth, for Seattle. ;
MEMORANDA. /.
Per bark Mohican — On Nov 7. 6 d m. In lat
34 37 N. long 143 25 W. In' a BE gale, car
ried away foresail and. topsail, main top
sail, main topsail, and- lost fore topgal
lant sail, and was under water . for tha last
1O dav«: had SSE gales to port. , , .'- : '
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Woman's Action Queer.
Caroline H. Newman, aboutt 2 b
years old, was brought, to the deten
tion ward of the Central Emergency
Hospital, last night, from her home at
1517 Fulton street at the request of
her brother. The'woman has been
acting, strangely of late and fearing
some harm might come of- her, New
man had his sister taken to the hos
pital. Miss Newman .was formerly a
school teacher. •
$1000 FOR 2.1 CENTS— OXE-ETOHTH OT
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZB.
State of Missouri. City oY St. Louis.
The undersigned. Mrs. Catherine A. Br»n
nan. deposes and says that she resides at 397A
Sarpy avenue. St. Louis. Mo., and that »he Is
the rightful owner of one-eighth ticket c>T No.
Sfl.14^ In the Honduras National Lottery.
which In the drawing held on Saturday. Octo
ber IS. 1W>4, at Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C.
A., drew the second capital prlxe of $80»X> ami
that she received amount of her prize in full
without any deduction whatever.
MRS. CATHERINE A. BRENNAN.
Subscribed «"d sworn to before me this Mh
day of November.
CHARLES A. McTNTTRE. Notary Pnbllo.
witness to signature. William Scat«s. A. t>.
$2000 FOP. SO CENTS-ONE-QrARTER OTT
>. SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, City of New Orleans.
Before me. Edward RlgMor, a Notary Pub
lic In and for th<* Parish of Orleans, duly com
missioned and 0'iallflert. personally came and
appeared VT. E. Pchabel. who being duJv swnrn
der>c*«d and »a!d that he.resld** at ,V!f> Pat
t«T!wn street. In the cltv of New OH»nn«. «n.1
that he Is the hol<1»r and owner of rme-quartfr
of ticket No. Srt.ltD of th» Honduras Xatinnal
i Lottery > Company (Louisiana State Lottery*,
and th.it the «s»'d ticket drww the s<*eonij capi
tal prize of f*001 at the regular monthly draw
i i»-^ h*M r.\ Puerto Ccrtez. Honduras, on Oc
tober 15. 1004. s»nd that the said ticket was
raid to him on presentation.
W. E. SCHABEL.
• Pwwn In and subscribed to before m« this
I October CR. 19<Vt.
; ED WAP D FTnHTOR. Notary Public.
Special Trahkjsgiving Service.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17\ — The annual
Thanksgiving service of the First
Congregational Church will be held
next Sunday evening, November 20, at
which Weber's famous "Jubilee" can
tata -Xvill be sung by a chorus choir of
sixty voices and the following solo
quartet: Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup,
soprano; Mrs. Carroll-Nicholson, con
tralto; Arthur A. Macurda, tenor;
Henry L. Perry, bass. "The Dawn of
Hope," by Krogmann, will be sung by
Mrs. Carroll-Nicholson as an offer
tory solo. The choir will be under the
direction of Alexander Stewart.
Callfornians In New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. — The follow
ing Callfornians are in New York:
From San Francisco — C. P. Bills
and G. W. Bisbee; at the Cosmopoli
tan; Mrs. H. I* Cuppea, at the Grand
Union; H. H. Dana and wife, at the
Astor; P. Emmerton, at the Imperial;
M. S. Geder, at the Astor; A. R. Har
din, at the Imperial; G. H. Hooke and
wife, at the Park Avenue; M. L. W[ash
burn, at the Grand Union: E. J. Mo
lera, at the Holland;. M. Blum, at the
Astor; M. R. Haynes, at the Westmin
ster; F. C. Johnson, at the Imperial:
F. McPherson, at the Victoria; I. O.
Upham, at the Imperial; S.H. Wad
hams, at the Grand Union; A. D.
Sangster, at the Herald Square; D. J.
Whelan, at the Wellington, and S.
Harshberger, at the Wellington.
Ti.itonla Racing Results.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 17.— Latonla results:
First race, six furlongs — BUI Knight won.
Hunter Don second, Bly theness > third. ¦ Time
1:14.
Second race, one mile — Idle won. Requlter
second. Gold Splnk third. Time 1:41%.
Third race — Five and a half furlongs — Thrall
won. Fire Ball second. Omealca third. Time
1:07 U.
Fourth race, two miles — Niaxua won. Curate
second . Professor Nerille third. Time 3:30.
Fifth race, Avondale handlcal, seven fur
longs — Monaco Maid won. Free Booter sec
ond, Fruit third. Time 1:27.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Vestry won, Buba
dor second. O.vapea third. Time 1:14%.
The Louisiana K- G. Company of San
* ; Francisco.
ORGANIZED MAY. 1900
TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS!'. All genuine tickets of this com- j
puny have Initials "R. G. Co." on faces and ;
monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof. I
Following are the capital prizes as decided .
by the Honduras National Company, Saturday, ¦
November 12, 1904: No. 4CS5S wins $7500. !
sold in San Francisco, Cal.: No. 37329 wins .
$2000, sold in Sacramento, Cal.; No. 67787 wins ;
$1000, sold in San Francisco. Cal.; No'. 40785 j
wins $500, sold in San Francisco, Cal. ; No. j
85807 wins $250, sold In San Francisco, Cal.; ,
No. 44774 wins $250, sold in Los Angeles, Cal.
This company paid to John Kelley, i 2817
Dlckson street, St. Louis, Mo., $7500 for whole
ticket No. 29900. drawing October 27, 1904; to
A. Patrittl. 27(20 Clark avenue, St. Louis, Mo.,
$2500 for whole ticket No. 54434, drawing Oc
tober 27, 1904; to Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Ex
press for client in Petaluma. $1000 for one-halt
ticket No. 86149, drawing October 15. 1904. •
VIENNA, Nov. 17.— After more than
six months' recess the Austrian Par
liament resumed its sittings to-day.
After the Introduction of the budget
Premier von Koerber rose amid a hos
tile demonstration from the German
parties. His remarks regarding • the
Innsbruck Incident were frequently in
terrupted by noisy and violent cries
from the Germans, who appeared to be
greatly, dissatisfied with Dr. von Koer
ber's explanation.
The Premier asked the House to sup
port the Government bill for. the es
tablishment of an Italian law faculty
at Itovereto 'in order to permit the clos
ing of the provisional law faculty at
Innsbruck as soon as possible. The
Germans thereupon shouted:
"The Tyrolean veterans will take care,
of that"
The Premier announced that the Gov
ernment accepted all the responsibility
for the Innsbruck affair and said the
guilty. parties would be punished.
It is considered that the Rovereto
bill will, in any degree, settle the Ital
ian University question,, the Italians
having absolutely declined to accept
the Government's offer to establish a
faculty at Rovereto. i
Having announced a large number of
new bills dealing with a variety of in
ternal reforms. Premier von Koerber
emphasized the urgency of the country
devoting Itself to commercial and po
litico economic developments, emulat
ing Germany and other nations. Even
Russia, with a great war on her hands,
hp said, is busily insuring her economic
future by the conclusion of commercial
treaties.
An excited discussion followed, Dr.
Erelor accusing the Premier of treating
him brutally In their Interview follow
ing the Innsbruck trouble. • Dr. Erelor
declared that the Premier had not ut
tered a word of . dlsapprovel of the ac
tion of the Italian students. The House,
he said, should co-operate to expel the
Government. . .
Premier von Koerber, in reply- to
criticisms, maintained <hat both par
ties must share the responsibility of
the deplorable Innsbruck excesses,
which never would have occurred, but
for mischievous agitation. In closing
the Premier asked:
"Who is to blame?". -
There were angry shouts of "You,
Von Koerber," and amid great confu
sion the debate was adjourned.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers, from 40^808 to 40.908. inclusive,
being fifty numbers on each side of the num
ber drawing the capttal prlie of $.10,000. $40.
100 numbers, from 37.279 to 37.379. inclusive,
beliur fifty numbers on each side nf the num
ber drawing the capital prize nt $3000. $24.
100 numbers, from 67,737 to 67.S37. lnclualva,
belnr fifty numbers on each aide of th« num
ber drawing the capital prize of $4000. $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
099 numbers ending with 29. being tb» two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prtza of $30. 000. J3.
099 numbers ending 1 with 29. belns the twt»
last figures drawing the second capital prise
of ?S000, $3. .
The subscriber, having roper-rised th« ttarto
number drawing, class L. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certlflev that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed in the wheel
with the prizes correspond I nsr to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortea. Ron
dura, C. A., this Saturday. November 12, 1904.
W. S. OARELL. Commissioner.
$4000 FOR *t— ONE-HALF OF SECOND
CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Massachusetts, Cltr of Boston.
O. B. Merrill, being duly sworn, depoaes and
seys h» resides at SI Pleasant street. North
ampton. State of Massachusette-s, and that h»
in th« rightful owner of one-half of ticket No.
SCI 49, of the Honduras National Lottery
Company, which drew the second capital prise
in the drawing held at Puerto Cortes. Hon
duras. C. A.. October 15. 1904. and that th»
amount of said priz». four thousand dollars
<S-inn<». was paid In full without discount on
presentation to the- representative of the com
pany. O. B. MERRILL.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2St!i
day of October. 1J*M.
STANLEY W. C. DOWJTET,
Notary PnhHo.
German Students Create a
Scene at .the 3Ieeting of
the Austrian Parliament
BLAME PREMIER
FOR THE RIOTS
Not a Single Favorite Catches the
Eyes of the Judges.
BENISTINGfe, D. C, Nov. 17. — Ideal
weather, a large crowd representing:
every class of "Washington society and
the defeat of every •favorite marked
the opening of the fall meeting of the
Washington Jockey Club to-day. Re
sults: I - '
First 'race, six and a half furlongs— Mary
Glenn won. Thistle Heather second, Andrew
Mack third. Time 1:21 3-6.X
Second race, five furlongs— Chimney Sweep
won. Yeoman eecond. Limerick third. Time
1:(C 3-5.
Third race, the Third Bladensburg Steeple
chase, handicap, about two and a half miles
— Gascar won. Walter Cleary second, Imperi
alist third. Time 6:11.
Fourth race, the Columbia Handicap, seven
furlongs — Race King won. Cloten second. As
cension third. Time 1:27 1-5.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Sheen
won, Trullumure second, Cabin third. Time
1:22 4-5.
Sixth race. Belling, one mile — Baikal won,
Irish Witch second. Eagle third. Time
1:41 4-5. •
BEXXIXGS MEETING OPENS.
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to bay only from <e-
Bpor.stble agents and to see that their tickets
read aa follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S8".
Each coupon has the initials M. & F. on the |
face and back of the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes aa de- j
elded by the Honduras National Company, '¦
November 12. 1904: 40S58 wins $7500. sold in
San Krancleco, Cal.; 37329 wins $2000. Bold in
San Francisco Cal.; C7787 wins $1000. sold In.
San Francisco, Cal.; 407S5 wins $500. sold in
San Francisco, Cal., and Portland, Ore. Nos.
44774 and 85S07 each win $250, eold In Sarv
Francisco. Cal.; Nos. 25C98, 4K186, 76034, 8217U
and 0S£59 each win $100, sold In San Fran- |
ct*co. Cal., and San Jose,. Cal. .
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M & F. Co. for October 15, 1904: j
Thomas Kent (bricklayer). 1231 Mission street, t
San Francisco. Cal., $7500; Charles White
(carriage painter). 24S Eleventh street. San |
Francisco, Cal., $1000; Mrs. Mary C. Dunn, I
120 Bartlett street, Sa.n Francisco, Cal., j
$1000; Dr. P. Roscoe McNulty, 2«V4 Kearny
etreet, San Francisco, Cai:. $1000. •
AVant Boycott Taken Off.
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. Nov. 17. — A
resolution praying that the boycott be
taken off the shops of the members of
the Rochester Clothing Exchange has
been passed at the meeting of Cloth
ing Cutters' and Trimmers' Local No.
136 of the United Garment "Workers of
North America here. This is the end
of the strike and boycott begun
against the Rdchester clothing manu
facturers, October 12, 1903.
An appreciative audience attended
the recital given last night at Cen
tury Hall by Mary Broeck Pasmore,
violinist. The programme was ex
ceptionally enjoyable and the differ
ent numbers were heartily applauded.
Mr. Charles Trowbrldge, tenor, was in
fine voice. Several selections by a
quartet were appreciated.
Miss Pasmore was assisted by Miss
Lillian Spink, Miss Dorothy Pasmore,
Mr. Charles Trowbridge, Mr. John
Hay Lewis, Miss Ada Clement and Mr.
H. B. Pasmore. Following was the
programme:
(a) "Nocturne Op. 27, No. 2" (Chopin),
(transcription of Sarasate); (b) Corrente and
Sarabande from Sonata In D minor (Bach);
recitative. "Thy Rebuke Hath Broken His
Heart"; aria,. "Behold and See," from the
"Messiah" (Handel); Concerto In the form of
a vocal scena (Bpohr); songs from the "Dlch
terliebc" (Schumann) — "1m Wonderschonen
Monat Mai," "Am' Meinen Thranen Sprles
sen." "Die Rose, die Ulle," "Wenn ich In
deine Augen seh." "Ich will Melne Seele
tauchen," "Und Wussten's die Blumen," "Ich
grolle nlcht"; Hungarian dances Noa. 2 and
S (Brahms- Joachim); quartet op. IX No. 4
(Beethoven) — "Allegro ma non tanto," scherzo
— "Andante. Scherzoso quasi Allegretto,"
Menuetto— "Allegretto," finale — 'Allegro,"
Miss Pasmore, Mlsa Splnk, John Lewis and
Miss Dorothy Pasmore.
3IARY BROECK PASMORE'S
RECITAL IS INTERESTING
National Founders' Association Favors
Arbitration Plan.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 17.— The National
Founders' Association tp-day adopted
a resolution disapproving of strikes,and
lockouts and favoring arbitration
"whenever and wherever It will enable
them to establish and maintain Just
and equitable -relations between our
members and employes."
What is termed an "outline policy"
was adopted and will be Issued in
pamphlet form from the neadquartera
in Detroit soon. It is in conformity
with resolutions adopted to-day abro
gating the New York agreement which
provides for arbitration with the presi
ident of the National Founders' Asso
ciation and the president of the Iron
Molders' Union of North America as
two of the fixed members of the .board
with power to select the other.
It was announced tnat it would be
impossible to-night to prepare a copy
of the "new outline of policy" for pub
lication, but it was understood to have
been adopted unanimously and to have
been very enthusiastically received by
the founders.
DISAPPROVES OP STRIKES.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 17.— Aged 80
years, a wealthy farmer of Lincoln
County and about to become the happy
husband of an 18-year-old girl, J. R.
mourned the loss of a hat for
some time this morning. It was not so
much the hat itself as the manner in
which he lost it. that caused Lufsky
sorrow. He had his hair cut, his whis
kers trimmed and his eyebrows "doc
tored" at the Hotel Perkins barber shop
and upon refusing to pay the bill pre
sented his tile was annexed as security.
Lufsky came to Portland to "buy
things for the weddmg." Though his
years are many his heart is young and
he desired to make the best appear
ance possible, so he hied himself to the
establishment of the dispensers of
shaves. There he plared himself under
the care of a "tonsorial artist" and
"went the route."
There was a considerable amount of
whiskers to remove. The hair had for
, some time accumulated and the barber
: figured the total costs at $3 50. The
groom-elect considered the charges be
yond reason and refused to pay.
Now, among the various things with
which Lufsky had bedecked himself in
preparation for his coming transposi
tion into benedicthood was a certain
handsome and costly hat. The head
gear wap left hanging on the rack in
the barber shop while the barber was
at work and when the dispute as re
gards th,e price arose the manager of
the shop annexed the hat, to be held
in lieu of cash. The sum of SI 50 was
tendered, but the barber refused to
compromise, and the aged groom
sallied forth in search of a policeman,
a large crowd leathering to cheer him
on his way. Things were finally
amicably arranged — all being satisfied
if not happy.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— If the determin
ation of the leaders in the of
the furniture teamsters is carried out
one of the bitterest fights that has taken
place In recent years in the local labor
world is predicted. To-day twenty
three teamsters went out, 120 more
have been called out for to-morrow
and other teamsters may be summoned
to a sympathetic strike.
The strike opened to-day with rioting
and fighting in the streets and more
trouble is predicted, as the furniture
dealers say that they will continue to
make deliveries with non-union drivers
and it is expected that wagons will be
attacked as soon as they appear in the
streets, even though guarded by police.
Secretary A. J. Reed of the Team
sters' Joint Union said to-night:
All the teamsters who are now out and who
will be called out to-morrow ar© teanaaters
working for members of the Chicago Employ
ers' Association; but, unless we obtain our de
mands, /which we believe are Just, the strike
will be carried beyond members of the Chi
cago Employers' Association and Is likely to
take in many labor organizations. ,
Frederick Job, wKo is manager of
the Chicago Employers' Association,
said to-night:
It looks as if this strike would spread, and
we will light it to a finish.
The point at issue with the furniture
drivers is the refusal on the employers'
part to sign contracts with them. No
question of wages is involved.
Furniture Drivers Insist
That the ' Dealers Shall
Sign Contracts With Them
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 17.
Charles E. &Khmann to Kmnia L. Ehmann,
lot on SE corner McAllister and Buchanan
streets, E 55 by S 120; gift.
Joseph and Max Brandensteln (trustees .es
tate of Albert S. Rosenbaum) to Charles J. \on
Ende, lot on S line of Vallejo street, 195 E of
Pierce. K 'JO by B l.*57:6; $10.
.Spencer B. Kittredge to Daisy C. Kittredge.
lot on S line of Bush street. 150 E of Devlsa
dero. B 25 by S 110:11; gift.
City and County of i-an KranciBCo to Solomon
Levy, lot on N line of McAllister street, B0 W
cf Lyon, W 2o by N 100; $ .
John Hayes to Ellen J. Tabor, lot on 8 line
of Pine street. 01:8 E of Presidio avenue, E 31
by S 87:6; $10.
William J. Tabor to same, lot on S line of
Pine street, Cl:5 K of Presidio (Central) ave
nue. E»31 by S 87:6; gift.
Robert F. and Elizabeth E. Parsons to Wil
liam J. Tabor, lot on N line of Bush street, 49
E of Presidio avenue, E 24 by N 87:6; $10.
Mary A.. Thomas F., Elizabeth and Agne»
McVerry. and Catherine McV. Kellj' (wife of
W. H.) to Richard I, Whelan, lot on SW line
of Ninth street, 100 SE of Harrison, SE B0 by
SW 100; $10.
Mary A. McVerry to same, lot on SW line
Ninth street, 7& BE of Harrison, SE 25 by SW
1C0; $10.
Oscar Brand to Mary Blrcnell. lot on W Un«
of Florida street, 182:3 N of Twenty-third. N
25:9 by W 100; $10.
Covington nnd Caroline R. Johnson to Moses
Fisher, lot on NE corner of Green and Sansome
streets. N 97:6 by E 120; $10.
Henry nnd Alice Kaiin to Mergenthaler Lino
type Company, lot on S line of Clay street. »0
W of Montgomery, W 47:11. S 59:9, E 0:0, 8
t9:9. E 20. N 09:9. E 27:6 N 59:9; $10.
Andrew B. McCreery to Benjamin M. Gunn,
lot on W line of Kearny 6treet (as widened),
72-6 N of Pine. N 20 by W 39; $27,000.
Bridget Donovan to Agaplta O. de Clapp
(wife of Robert C). lot on S line of Union
street, 137:6 E of Jones, E 27:6, S 120, W 23:4,
N 70. E 0.10, N 50; $4200.
Caroline P. and George F. Smith to Jacob
Levy, lot on SW line of Sixth street, 250 SE
of Harrison. SE 60 by SW 90; $10.
Henrietta and William Black to Bridget
Bracken, lot on SW line of Geneva street,
192:0 SE of Brannan. SE 27:6 by SW 01; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Julius
B«-rendsen, lot on SW line of Urannan place,
200 SE of Brannan street, SE 75 by SW
04; $10.
Henry A. and Lome H. Whitley to Anna
A. Martens, lot on W line of Mississippi
street. 100 S of Marlposa, S 00 by W 100;
also lot on E line of Texas street, *100 S of
Mnripcsa, S 25 by E 100- also let on S line
of Marlposa street, 75 E of Texas, E 23
by S 100: also lot on W line of Texas street,
CO N of Eighteenth, N 125 by W 100: grant.
Anna A. Martens to Jamea V. and Charles
J. O'Do'nnrll, lot on \V line of Texaa street,
110 N of Kighteenth. N 00 by W 100; grant.
J. Frank and Marj' E. Ball to Fannie Levlt,
lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 125 S or Lake
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Hattle C. Turner to George W. Turner, lot
on N\V corner of Sixteenth avenue and Cali
fornia street. W 240. N 74:5. NE 00:9, NW
95:4. N 450:5. E 210, S 600; gift.
William Nleol Company (corporation) to J.
W. Wright & Sons Investment Company, lot
on E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 25 S of
Clement street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
Alfred Voyce to Lewis I. Cowglll. lot on,
SW* corner of Thirty-seventh and Point Lobos
avenues. W 240. S 144:11. SE 25, N 305:9; $10.
McEwen Brothers to Moses Fisher, lot on W
line of Tenth avenue, 175 N of K street. N
25 by W 120; $10.
Frederick C. Slebe to Charles J. Berendes.
lot on SW corner of Tenth avenue and K
•treet. W 32:0 by S 100; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Lou E. Rlckabaugh, lot
15, block 4, Rels Tract; grant.
Joseph Schoenfeld to Anna Franke. lot 7,
block 23. Lakevlew; $10.
Jan* Campbell to Jennie F. E. Campbell,
lot on N line of Thirty-third a\-cnue 100 W
of H street W 50 by N 100, block 559, Bay
Park; gift.
Gabriel Moulin to Lenore C. Moulin. lot
on W line of South Broderlck street. 76 N
o* Tilden N 25 by W 100, lot 8, block 7,
Flint Tract; sift.
Marguerite E. Waldron to Tboman de Bla
quiere lot on 8 line of Minerva street. 150
E of Caultol. E r.0 by S 125, block P. Rail
road Homestead Association; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Frank A. and Wllhelmlna Gelhaus (owners)
with Joseph F. Boeddeker (contractor).
architect— Alterations and additions to a two
story frame building on W line of Shotwell
street. C5 N of Twenty-sixth; $2996.
Florence O. Perlne. Jennie G. MacKlnlay
fownerB) with Ravanl & Curran (contractors),
architect Nathaniel Blal»dell — Plumbing, gas
fitting:. sewerlnK and tiling tor two three
story and basement frame buildings on S line
of Hayes street 85:9 E of Franklin, E 51 :W
by S 120; $3420.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WOES OF AGED SUITOR
Desires to Look Pretty at
Wedding, but Is Not Will
ing to Pay for Adornment
WAGES NOT INVOLVED
Portland Tonsorial Artist
Takes Hat of a Groom-to-
Be to Secure His Bill
Chicago ' Again Faces a
Bitter Struggle Between
Unions and Employers
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Xumbers Class "L." Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, Aovembcr 1-, 1001.
No. Priie.l No. Prize.! No. Prize.
4-' 8t>i 213 1«! 24-' I*
64f boj 0ao S4| i»5a w
W>3 lt}| 713 ltf| 7*4 W>
792 ltt| «ta ltt| 1O»M 24
106O ltf| 13oU..... 40| 13t» '-*
1045 4U| VJ'JS )xt\ »W- J*»
202«. 1«| '£iST 8O| 229O l«
2510 1U| '£bZi 24| 2o«a -*
2661 161 ITolHJ.;... X4| '£)Vi 4o>
8101 161 32a» 4«| i'iVl 3M
»325 40) 3329 24| 33t«J -'4
3444 ltf| 3W6 1«J| 3»35 18
3S50 ltfj 3942 4l>| 3»7S 4i>
4398 4l>i 4412 SJj 4410 24
44«0 1«. 4floa 1«| 47i4 8W
4S22 24| 4S8G..... 24| 5143 1«
5311. 16| 534W 16 MM 1<*
5447 i>«| 5610 4o 5612 ltf
6602 U4| 56ya l»i 5752 42
6812. 12O| 5Nil> 16| 5001 40
6978 -40i BUS 24| GlbO bt>
62U2 241 63oo..... 4i>i «>3iT 34
&411 40 «01»o 24 t5»8O lfJ
7037 1«| 7UT0 16| 7281 24
7821 10| 7348 16|7356 24 :
7378 8UJ 74XJ 10(7497 SW
7507 24 i 7744 24| 7799 24
7827 40 7858 161 7867 40,
7S»4 24 814« 16| S2i8 24
8202 1« 8547. 16| StttKJ 4O I
S66t» fco HTH 40| 88G4 24;
Wll 40| «9»54 2419099 4t> !
9153 161 S>.%7 16 938O . 1«I
9419 iej 9441 16 9454 40
»468 24 »4S.i 16|M23 24 ;
9549 40 9557 1610609 , 10 j
0718 16;10027 16|1OC36..;.. 16 i
10322 - 4O|lO33<) 40|lO444 » 1«
10C33 16110739 4o Io74« 1« 1
10860 4O;1OS67 40J10872 1« i
10»«5 4O:1U^2 21|112o2 2»!
11214 40 11545 16H1596 24
11642 24 11740 16,11779 10
11797 24 11823 12O 11835 1« |
11862 40 11901* 16111914 16 i
12253 1C 12392 16|127G5 19
12811 80 129S7 16|l3004 24 j
13J31 40|13135 W 13153 24
13440 24]13518 80 13547 24
13595 16I1301S 24 13054 16
14.M9 80 14632 24 149«* 24 J
14947 24 15114 16 15147 24:
15208 16 15622 40(15779 1«.
15J509 24 15909 16 16005 16
16S34 80 16433 24 lt»27 24
16605 16 1G639 24 1OM2 24
1CC59 16il«73i; 4O1B758 lfl
1C»24 24 1C856 16I17000 16
17172 24 17280 4O|17487 8O
17593 16117725 24I17750 16
18190 16 18344 16|l>«52 12O
If8ns 1C 1SS47 16119297 10
19348 24 19481 16119794 4O
1U871 16 19872 80|l98S9 21
19924 8Oj2O131 10:20147 40
20171 1620246 16120414 8O
2O44S 40120470 40.20T.25 40
20G51 80|2O704 40^20759 4O
2i)7ai 8O21022 16121100 16
21107 1BJ212CO 24J21333 4(>
21600 1621690 16:21819 24
21&27 ' 8l>21942 40 21953 24
22073 24122124 24122133 24
2219S 1622326 16122346 16
22377 8Q122392 16J22503 18
22531 12(*22543 1C 22583 24
22G20 120!
22827 1C|22S59 S0!22S«2 40
23032 24123083 40J23111 4rt
S3347 16123470 lf?:2.VK.O SO
2SS53 16l23Sfl4 1BI2.T001 40
23923 16124071 16:24090 16
24212 24124320 40i2-t33S 120
24.°.S6 2»'2M15 24:21tS7 24
24539 40;24705 W24S90 24
25012 10I251S5 16i231S7 24
25331 16)25349 24I253S3 24
25464 16125501 16i2.V"»21 4O
25575 24125639 16!2r>C88 400
25791 S0'259W 40125901 IB
2C091 S0i2M31 40l2»*237 24
26276 16 2»M21 4O'26«?2a 80
2C65S 24!26719 Ili2«742 1«
267S-1 24I2HS30 40'2f059 24
2t»70 40^27a«!l 40127090 16
27147 8027157 24i27182 24
27242 24'272ttl 24 27SRO 40
27922 16I2S001 • iei2>«30 40
2836S 24128424 8012*458 16
2S4SS 10I2S552 40i2S707 19
288;J2 24i2Wi9 16|2S94S lrt
28950 24 2902.8 80120072 16
20074 16 29104 24J29284 2t
29412 ie;2rt«02 24!29<540 16
29785 24|29»fi8 16130642 lfl
30752 16I30S40 16M0010 120
31005 40(31307 24|31333 80
31:567 24131489 \ 16!31632 lfl
31702 S0131S22 16131S37 40
31874 16'31879 40131953 *0
S1987 1CI32026 16!32iai 19
32193 24132369 16I323S7 19
32595 24I3277S 16132806 24
32S51 16i320C9 16133103 19
S3132 EMX3313S 16133159 40
•T32."W> 4CTTU54 16i.r5443 120
33489 10133540 16133630 19
.T5772 16133792 16'34070 24
34072 10;S4084 40131116 16
34221 24134257 40'34.164 19
:«458l lCi345S5 19<34«3S 24
34731 161.-U706 16131822..:.. 19
34932 lfl]34947 16i3506S 19
352S7 24,35302 24135323 24
S5393 24I354S7 1B135517 24
35572 24 133374 16'
35005 16135028 8C135691 40
35702 40J35707 40135714 80
35793 : 16I3589.S 1613fi0fi9 24
36C81 403S08S 24!.°.«279 80
30476 S0I39480 163C331 19
36613. 16:3R629 24137115 16
37287 24137329 8000137374 40 1
37375 24137324.,... 4037C25 24!
37CC9 16 37711 16,37736 80 i
37850 40 37859 16137932 19 i
379t;3 24 38042. . . : . 1G|3SOSO 19 I
38211 80 38241 16I383S3 40 i
.".S040 . 16 386M 16i38719 40 '•
.1S.S25 16 38867 16 3SS75 24 I
as.S99 16 39135 24i.T9147 1*1
39217 24139243 30l.T!)2S6 40
39400 40130422 40'3J(544 40
39580 16139670 40139814 80
29941 S01399S9 16I40C28 24
40053 16'40075 24*40119 SO
4C231 40140212 1614C2S6 19
40028...,. 24J40242 1BI402S6 19
406S2...IL 40 4«!S5 24140783 2000
40843 7 80 40858 30O0OI4O8SO. . . 10
40J)«0 40141072 40 41147 40
41207 16 41305 24)41087 24
417C6 1614201C 80142317.. A. 120
42349 16 42373 10142135 80 1
42563 24 4257S 16142623 16 1
42695 24 42738 2-II427C4 16 I
427S0 16I430CO S0!43OT.3 19 I
43088 16 43240 24(43333 18
43542 24 4.5717 1643792 120
43944 2144051 80*44077 24 1
44CJ*r» 16 44C03 16 44009 24
44213 16 44131.:...' 16 44490 16'
44571 24 41613 164»fiS8 16
447C2 24 44774 1000144794 24
44S88 40 4498S 16J45C8S 24
4.1249 16 45350 2414537(1 16
45386 400 45528 24J45651 16
45660 40*46240 1«!46258 24
46325 24J46440 120 4B503 16
4CC22 16|406«0 40 46S35 16
46063 40147042 120 47139 40
47193 24 47201 120 47218. ">l
47259 16 47487 401 47553 ....'. 16
47W2 24 48O41 10 4S180 Si;
4S207 24 48228 24 4SOTO. .. . «i
48349 40 48405 24 48477 16
48542 40 4S5SS 40 4SH17 40
48C52 1648072 16 18082...!; 2*
41MXJ0 21 49076 lfi 49221 1 A
40458 24 49504 24 4955*"!;! 21
49577 16 49«>1 SO 49631 24
49731 1C497S4 120 4US96. . . ; \ i«
40008 24 49921 l«,50024 1«
60137 16 50184 80 50192 . • 80
60193 40 50036 80 50431... 40
604M.V... 24 50597 24 50624 " «i
60C80 16 50S50..;.. lf.15O85.-5!";' o.
50884 24130008 80 51C19 i«
51039 80|510!)« 24 31241 •»!
5t487 1« 51500..... 24 51578 Zl
51R92 24 51747 16 51 SIS 01
51S19. 16 32C87 16 52132 * 16
C2149 16 52222 40 52314;;".; l«
62463 16 52*04 40 324M «4
52514 80 52523*..... 40 S-'Slft".;;", 19
02394 40 52603. 1«| 32773 24
52958 40 53018 80 33038*. ; '." SO
53144 24 5313S 24 53294 1«
B3407 16 53456 24 53471 IK
58523 24 53670 24 1.13670 . 1 c,
63768 24 53785 16 53S2S fuj
63096 16 54032 80 3*Ca8 lrt
5414,8 40 5423U 16J34254..." -21
54291 24M446 16'5l«38 40
54fi5l 16 54734 S0^547S0 18
54S97 40 54907 40;550i»2 18
65.017 16 53148 40 55235 16
R52S0 40153443 16 53510 16
65523 16 53542 1 8 1 53*501 ... "»4
66073 24 5B140 1G 5«19» lM
5K232 4OI5H261 1*56263 SO
5C331 16136380 24 36441 -i
5C601 16!5«5P21 80 Sttfifil - ->4
567C8 16156732 4CT56741 \n
« r .r»790 I«i5»!885 l«)3ta7O )6
57205 16157550 40 57568 t ,»
57698 1»'!57717 Ifii5773» i«
57943 lfi'r.7947 l«i.V*(152. . . . vi
58117 l€!."!'24l 24!S.S2fi3 it;
5.S-S11 1«I3S3S2 24l5<»l^:: ],|
5S4S.1 4t?155«4r>9 40I5R.HJ3. .„
589^-T 40i5<HM7 24'50C62... 8O
?93C3 16150441 4O5.'»e«7 . 80
r,!VW2 ICI.IOKU 40 59874. f«
50950 1615JWM...'.. 241WJC03 41)
»>KtO5 24160302 lfillMVCW... ¦ i f :
rrarz so|ro437 2416C553 24
«iOfil2 IlfOU-rfrfHU 16fi0fiC6... «4
60735 12C;fif.»77 1 .;,:,<„[ J a
«1II»R 10;ni.-J23 1«!61:LSO 4>>
ftlBtR 24lBl«.V 24;«173» ' ].;
K1758 24IC17S.1 l«!*«173O. 4,j
U17M 24161869 . '24!fflS¥l to
»;i9it..... lciRioiB.;... it5;a;37 Hi
ffiXSC! l«le22»W 40162313 "24
f'2411 lfijC2454 40ifl2:.2rt lfl
eCSS:* 80 R2B48 24IC2WO 120
?:27fii> lfi«275ft 401B2S21 - 2«
h2OS7. 1CC3075;.... 16;C3073 1«
GREAT STRIKE
OF TEAMSTERS
« So Prize ftlai Prlje •?:<• Prtz *
!«32C4-s... 16:K12T1 21JCXU4 1*
, 8.Tt5S 40 63450 lfi|6.'£.".S IB
63S19 lelKJsOl 2464080 120
«4fi.-.<» lf,,tU44.{ 24 «4.'»J1 I*
«»:«> l^tUt.3-1 12fi|«4713 1«
C47M Zl!6«7C0 4i:;St»:« Cl
«4072 24*U>90 4O:t^47n 24
tissss iKt^7r-"> n;i»*sr3a i«
ewtoa 2i!n5oiu 24:«cw»> 4<>
t:i ¦<:.". 1 24i««C85 lrt|t>«155 24
66207 40662S!) KJW3.J*! 40
t«.T.!7 SoltiKItl 1KCC4K3 SO
6t>523 16f5f5.T* 10iw;t:23. . ... IB
»>»J742 ltf tSM749 8(,f>«017 4t>
ee»4« it; «7 i.u i»;;«72>5 2»
«7400 1« H7J48 l«!07.VC 16
' 677S7 40W,87S*» 24 f,7U.;7 24
I 671*44 40jes<>74 4».t,H.sro4 Irt
6S12O 4l> HJC50 40 ••.K!M> Hi
I 6S.'5S1 4Oil»»;il 24iUs71O Iri
©S758 24|fts70:> 1»» 0S77U 2t
6SS12 4ftj^:»0.': 1«^3U41 14
1 enooj iqtfoiu mtdoiaa
I WZW. 24.H04.S7 16168503 8v
! 6JM517 40 r.?<;2;; Cli«»»CR» 21
I 60S97 SC'«»Oni> lB|tW>77 1*5
'7008a 24j7ti2T> 8070478 2*
7C647 2JI7<;«H2 If. 7065)7 24
.70777 40!7<i7SS in 7CJ2S IK
i 71102 4O7113H 24|7119l..... 24
71221 I') 714C2 24I7US1 8u
T1489 21 71078 24 71782 24
¦ 71S10 4<>|71814 16j71S:a 1«
i 718CS 1«. 71004 40171901 *4
| 72UI2 16 72001 lh,721HH 16
i 7222a ; i«;722»;i i»,"22.si> ic
! 72TIN2 IOITZ3O] l«i1Z303 \>\
I 72777 21 7CJ213 40i7U3«O 1«
I "."54 PS 40;7.'!421 16'7:MM 10
j 73525 40j73«K> 18(73713 40
' 73718 16373313 24S73S52 1«
, 7.'»7« 21'74C20 40!74C8« 18
•74132 2474190 4t>|74209 I*
; 74440 4(l!74»70 16I746UI 24
i 74742 It! 74SS1 21 74S92 24
! "5<«5 24175075 16;75W*S I*
7.VWS SO 75771 16j757a7 24
75S.S5 16173953 24j7tSU»4 400
i 7H009 16!7til5.{ 16,76220 24
7e2»W 24I7M09 2li76o05 1«
! 76813 4i>;7t,HJ7 80. TtiSCo IK
>: 7C915 24'7t»24 16i77027 3«
177142 1«77411 1«(77579 40
; 775U1 2477611 24,77«72 IK
• "7!s5:! 16,77S80 80|7S051 40
I 75032 16I7S169 40I7S2S1 2>
7SXIO 16'7833tS 40,78-424 4r*
7S573 4O.7S754 IB 7SS03 lA
78S05 ie.7S.Sil 16i78«K> 19
i 70111 8«>i7«363 24 79585 2t
• 793SS 120|79500 24;796CS ' 120
'' "9»iO4 I«i79826 4070933 18
.70067 40!SfX)13 24 S02-*4 1H
| 80411 lfi!S04.SS 24,80493 24
' 806S8 24:S0C51 16,80731 40
8l>813 40;S0917 16:80083 24
181038..... 24|81057 16'81OT7 1*
I |«10 16'815C5 16I81566 4rt
| 81500 16)8ie»7 40i81733 4O
i 81S43 24'M846 80S10-12 40
!|2050 18182084 16IS21S1 21
1822a 2482385 40IS2433 4(»
\\™X 16,82^07 lfi,82S30 4©
t* 8^ 1 . 40[829ia 2482904 24
I £:?3* 2»:8.'J27S l«;sa280 18
*-- { 2» 80 8.J400 KSJS.1470 8O
1 8-olG 80IS37TJ2 4O.snseS 19
I P-^" 4 16!.«H12» 4O-V12O7 Iff
! w *.4 1C|8I416 12O'S4-fW> 1(1
I 2 4l: ' 2 l«;84«80 it S4710.'.... 40
**«07 21|.<)40tSl 1«!S4989 »»
Wi»9S 16I83100 40(833U 1«
S$381 24:85300 16IS54S7 <Ji»
i lb^° 24!5.S570 4O|S5574 12O
i %¦}>-* 40|S3784 16IS5.S07 100O
I *>*' 3 16S5JKW 24J8S121 1«
2«S2 1«S64«3 -l«fsi>475 24
I 86^08 2t:8rt55« I«i8rt»«2 If*
187029 1«;87141 - lrt|87132 80
I 8"1K» 24;S7160 40: 87203 V\
I 87343 24:87515 16i8752S lfi
. 87581 40 S7685 16R7723 1»>
I S7M0 1CJ8S030 24JW141 8O
18*231 16'8«2*KJ 40J.SS303 24
I RsSCO 24!SS4S8 24&S510 SO
8S3SO lt;'S.StV>l 4<> S.S»;i2 ... "4
! 8S«13 ie!S8B34 24 88728 1«
! S87CS 18SS829 2l'8Sa«« 1H
188055 l»:i.H.S9S2 16S0177..... 24
' S0452 40j 80*45 4O'S9(>59 2t
! M>6fiO < 2480707 24lS0948 24
UOOCO 16I9O210 80 9C273 . "I
j »O2J>3 24!!K3S2 8u'lWH*;2 7rt
«W1 ltf<jOft47 16,»f>0f.S 24
i 900SO 16,01121 1C;»1228 4rt
i »1'36 24:»147.1 24 9140:: 24
,91742 40 !l J1766 lfiiOlVvl in
: »1808 2401904 16 91910 2i
; 91038 16,:)200e 16 92i>l!> 1«
i rCtlO 1«!>L'3O1 l«;02R«6 24
! 92T'2rt 24 92020 ' SO 920«7 ... lfi
I 93026 1«'932TO 24 93330 1*
! 6350C SOO3794 24 :K.<*95 "V
; 94100 24 941<»9 40 9429« SI
.94353 16J943S9 1604351 r>f>
j 94576 40 ; »470« le^V'O" •>*
; 1)0248 1695337 16,a.V:71 . Id
i 9."444 40,955«l 18108501 .... 21
! OC«01 l»,057Cn 24;050C6 m
195951 40 95974 4006012 . "t
00016 16196022 2406103 . . SO
9<J18l 40 00225 IB !i«22« lrt
9«;25i> le'ofiato..... leio^as.". so
96430 24 WACA 40t)C"l7 . 1«
I 9(7723 16,06767 16 06790 24
9tf801 16'9f!7f>4 169«073 MO
Oeo»l 40 07188 16;'J7.*?0« lrt
97331 lf'97370 2t !>74i5 1R
OT4O7 4O»7R30 16i075fto 4O
97640 1«: 97790 4007S11 4O
979'JO l«asO15 10'iMOS.S 18
: 9S078 160S005 80 9S1M lrt
9S102 24 OS235 l«:aS243 4O
1 ©8253 169S2.'» 40Tr 9.STJ20 2+
: 0S3fn 16 9S423 40 98478 1«
! 985;{0 40 0S.-.01 le^OsoJS SO
mmo ifi'9t>2r>7 16:09440 120
. 904T7 1600551 4090613 lrt
• 9!)«in 80:9!>67» 1600714 1*
90827 16 90SS4 80!90955 IS
03072 16| I
BARBER SEIZES
HIS NEW TILE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL". FRIDAY, NOVEMBER IS. , 1904.
There is no comfort in a crown on th«
top of the head when there 13 a frowt
on the front of the face.
Lecture at South Park.
At the South Park Settlement this
evening the course of free lectures on
Dante's "Inferno" will be continued.
Miss/ Lucile Eaves will speak . on the
latter 'part ,". of , the - poet's masterpiece
and Dore's pictures will be used • to
illustrate the lecture.' * ¦ '!
14
HOC MS TO Xi2T— Pura. an! Pafrirn. <
THE ST. KATHRYN. OOKKEB BXJU8 AND ;
LCAVENUORTH STS— POSITIVELY THE
BDXKIEST HOOMS IN THE CITY: NEW ;
FA-VITAItY tlAIB MATTHEFFES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC UGHTB. TELKPHOXB BKBT-
ICK. HOT AND OOLO WATBH: v ™^
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELKVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 !
THE Larchmont. 3f,l Sutter— New brick bldg.. ;
finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam he»t. ;
privilege to bath*; (2 50 to ty per week. j
THE Earl ~l7« Powell— Elegantly furn. room", <
35c to JI M por Sight; 52 to S8 p*r week.
UNITED STATES.' 423 Eddy, near Market— 400 j
room* r-V to $1 r.iRht. Jl 73 to >G wwk; elec-
tric Kfhts mo KM), running w.iier In every i
room: rlevator. read.-room; fr?e tuF£^ap£axe. ]
VALENCIA. i:{10. brtween Twenty-fourth and :
Twenty-f.fth To let. to Fmall family. 4 un- ,
furnished p-ritis. with use of bath; large ;
bswmnit: rent rfajnr.aMf. ' j
WEFSTICR. 15C0— Smmy fiirnl»Vi'a room: bath, j
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd ft., near Markrt— i
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms; ;
Sic to (1 M nightly; ?2 to 58 week: elevator; ,
elec. lights: rt i<*Jr.g-room; free buf : baggage. ;
A BRANCH of fie* of The Call for the recep- !
tlcn of advprtisJrnentti and subscriptions ha* ,
hren opened at 3008 Market St.. opposite j
Firth. Oven until 11 r>. m.
BOOMS iUD BOA2D. I
Ft'NNT fumifhed front room, for one or two ;
grntlemen. with breakfast. Apply 1352 Web-
*ter et. '
ELLIF. 4X3 — Pleasant i«urry rooms with ex-
cellent French table beard. ' ,
Bt'NNT double and single room*, with board: \
running water. 306 Leavecworth st.
HAIGHT. .TI2— Large sunny euite; running ;
water; grate; seoond floor; corner house.
— — ¦ j
BOARD without rooms. CSO Valencia st. ;
CALIFORNIA. 807— B»ft rooms, table and j
•en-ice In the city for the l»ast money.
HOWARD. 841A — Firft-cla?! board and room, j
¦Ingle cr double. J* week; American family, j
ROOM and board In French family. 172S Sut-
ter et.
¦WASHINGTON, ms— Handsome, newly fur. :
par. miit»; i^ngle rooms; conv.; exc. table, i
__ BOOPinQ. j
ROOFS. FliSewalks ar.d cellar flocrs laid «nd \
repaired; low prices; all work guaranteed.
Chicago Roofing Company. F. HERRMANN, !
Manager. 606 Second at.
Ervrisro machiites aso UU.F .plies.
ALL mataa: 2d hand. f2. $5. $7. $8; new,$4. $8; j
drop Leads. 5 drawer, golden *>ak. $..'•: rented. I
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic J
S. M. Co.. 145 Pixth et. ; tel. Jessie 379(5. ; ;
DOMESTIC — Tbe machine for family use; best
If cheapest: peror.d-hand all make« at any j
pric*: &11 kir^ rfnfd lowest rates. Domes- ' ]
tic office. l<!l Market Ft., near Sixth.
LOCK. «tltch and automatic; The White Grand; j
two machines in ore; nt the new retail cf- i
Cces of THE WHITE CO.. 915 Market St.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. *8; slightly j
uw>d IK' f 16. $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. JOSl Market st.
ALL kind? bought, ncld and repairing guaran- j
t«-ed. CHAS PLAMBECK. IMS Mission «=t. |
¦ ¦ I
ETOBAGE Aim WABZHOTCTS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture, j
household poods stored, moved, shipped. 725- i
731 Howard St.. nr. TT.ird; phone Grant 101. j
CAPITAL Van ar.d Stora^o C« . 3 Eddy et.; '
phone Mir.t2T»41; JOHN F. COOPER, pree.; .
furrJture mened, parked. 6hipped and stored, j
riKKCU-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of- j
fioe Poet and P.we;l rts. ; tel. Pii. Ex. t71jyp
PACIFIC Stcrape ar.d Furniture Moving Com- •
panj. 222i> Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1. ,
BEKINP Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
i»t.: t<rl. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STOP DKXHXXXQ.
GUARANTEED cure; send f^)c; tablet form; !
¦ >- • . in Dlain package; has curr-d thou- ' !
eands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 llayward bldg.. P.F.
TOJjJBASS.
STOKE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber shop.
STXTTTEBIIfQ A1TO STAJOCEBIKGK^
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market. |
••¦:•• t . ¦-! •;.!¦ in B. F. 4 yrs. Hours I to 3 p.m. !
MAMMIAGi: JACKS SE^i.
Marriage llcer.ses were Issued yesterday as !
follows :
JarrK-s S. Irving. 2S. C2 Ur.J'rs street, and
Ma*? L. St. James. 24. Salinas.
Albert O. de Zarate. :J0. KVH Lake street, and j
Grne* A. Brj'ant. S0» La!:e street.
Elia Eertuc<-lli. .'><5. lto iiartol street, and
Anjrir.la Glurtl. 22. 19 Bartol street.
William J. Cutt^Vx-rt. 27. New York, and ;
Margarrt S. BlaBOMB. "-">. 252i> Vallejo street, j |
Orlar.d C. Angevin», 29. TC17 O'Farrell street,
and Marirarct 11. Sux. 22. 003 Eddy street.
AlcxandT Arnctt. SO. <^20 Larkln street, and j
Mar^aiet Fay. .{(,', r>12Vi Second Ftreet.
E?Tu*t V. Rcsa. 2S. 2?.s Fulton etreet, and > •
Laura C. Aveilar. 2<3, C2S Pulton street.
Albert V. Chennell, is. 12 Hoff avenue, and j
Brr>i Barnes. 2-'{. Mifeicu street.
Glovcnni Mod'na. 24, 102S Montgomery I
etr«-ot. and Lina Poll, -IS, l(K> Montgomery *t.
Vital Maill^rs. ?,Z, \jot Angelee, and Anna
Quilty. 3h, lv* Ar.»rel«"!».
Jemp» Battarina. 2a. Tiburon. and Virginia
FcrrartG. la. Ki's Sonora place.
John F. Babcock. 2i. city, and Gertrude
Eells. 20. citv.
Lawrence Reynold?. 30. Portland. Ore., and i
I ¦. ..-i O^gp«>n. 2»i, 1720 Pine Ftreet.
Patrick Nucent, 25>, Richmond, and Annl« j
V; • ¦•• • v. 27. tity.
Peter J. O'lxnnell. 21. 128 I^angton street. I
and Grace O'Lc-ary. 18, 20 D^atur street.
Philip J. Fitzgerald. 27. <CS Sutler street,
and Ruby E. ilcntg<mrry. 2T>, C2S Sutter at. |
Felice Deluca. 24. 17 Kent ftreet, and Annie
Corbelli. 1<J, 13ft Green str<-ft.
Nils Hajren. 22, (11 Dehon street, and Ivrtae
Olspn, 18. 7:J0 Flllmore street.
OrviMo D. Fairfield. 21, Alameda, and Cora
L. Smith. 22, 110>? liaight street.
BIBTHS—HARPJAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriag** and death notices sent by
mail will not be inem^d. They rauct be handed
in at either of the publication officeii and be
indorsed with the m.:: ¦ and recldcnoe of per-
cons cutl.orlw-d to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BOJIX.
DUTCPHT— In this city. November 15. 1*04, to
the wife cf George E. Dunuhy. a son.
KELLY— In this city. Xnvcmbir 17. 1904. to
the wife of Charles Kelly, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BALLOD — NIEMANN— In this city, Novem-
ber 16. 1904. by the Rev. G. A. BftrnthaL
Peter Bailed and Marie Nlemann, both of
this ciu-.
OOVELL — KARSIANN^In Hlmhurst. Novem-
ber 14. by the R*v. E. E. Clark, Francis
Edward Covell of Boulder Creek. Cal.. and
Mary Karmann of Elmhurst, Cal.
dIkd]
Arpin. Margaret Gallagher. Lillian M.
Beers. Edith M. Haley. Edward
Boyc*-r. Arrw iFraHsky, Esther
Campbell. Mildred Kncwlton. Elizabeth
Ornero. Apoloala Lr.kln, Susannah A.
Cchn, Herman I>-ifirh, John W.
Collins, Madallne Malloy. Walter B.
Collins. Vllllam Mow, Mr*. Julia T.
Connct. Man' NoIL George
Connelly, James . Nelsen. Nel« R.
Coppola. Augusta O'Neill. Catherine E.
fialy Jerry Racoulilat. Luke
Doyle, iVter Itenwirk William J.
JXiwd. Mary V. Schwab. Llnette C.
Fernandez. Jftwph Finram. Frr.r.k H.
Flllmore, (Tiarlcs VT. Thornton, Maggie
Franklin, John Wittenmyer, Lewis
ARPIN— In thi« city. November 17. 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife ofthe late Adolph
Arpin. »"d beloved mother nt Mrs. K. C
Kaiser *J»d Hu~h Arpin of Seattle, Wash.,
and grandmother of Armand and Marguerite
Knlser, a native of Ireland, a«ced 75 years.
EFERS I n S*' 1 Lake City. November 17,
lflC4 Edith M.. dearly br loved daughter of
Mrf' £• w - Bf«rs and the late Dr. Barrett
u Xif*rh ard elster of Mrs. H. M. Tucker
and the iate George Clifford Beers, a native
of San Francisco.
iryReroain* will be brought home for
burial. Notice of funeral hereafter.
BOYCER I n thim city. November 17. 1S04.
A-no« Boycer, beloved daughter of Margaret
A Harris and Cornelius Walsh, and sister
of George H. «nd James L. Walsh and Mrs.
loEie'Obericotter, a native of San Francisco,
tw*Ji 2" veam 1 month and 5 dayi.
B^. n ";niains «t Charlea J. li. Metrler's
undertaking parlors. U3G Washington street-
riMFHrLL-In thi! city. November 16. l'JO4.
M'l^rtd beloved daughter of John K. and
«.tA- <-amibell; a naUve of Fan Francisco.
«V.d J year 1 month and 28 days. I
r^rvrr'tW* a n(i a'-q'jalntanrrs are respe-t-
. Tifr invited to attend the funeral to-day !
?- ?*«•»¦ at K» a- «"•• from itie rpildence cf
«rria»J'. , ota , Harrison Ftreet, between
. Meth ' *n<i Twvnty.first. Internjcnt
UaStt OUvct Cemetery.
—',>v-rr»n— In Occidental. Sonoma Cour.ty.
O^veSbe7 15. WO^Apcloala dmarou t^
j loved mother cf Mrs. Guadalune Llsama. a
native of Mexico, aged 64 years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 1!>. at 1 p. m.. from the mortuary
' chnpel of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue. thence to Spanish Church for
f-erv!-.-ee. Interment Holy CrOCS Cemetery.
COHN— In this city. November 17. 1D01.
Herman Cohn. beloved husband of the late
Flora Cohn. and beloved father of Max and
; Jennie Cohn and Mrs. Charles Grow, a native
of K\iri. Germany, ased S3 years and 'J
months.
J COLLINS— In this city. November 16. 1904.
Madallne belovrd dai<eht«-r of Daniel anil
Delia Collins, and sister of Theresa. Venan-
tius, Prmacta, Dan-el. Lawrence and Kath-
leen Collins, a native of San Francisco, aged
I '2 years 1 month and 18 days.
I C7Frifnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dsy
(Friday) at 10 a. m., from the parents
residence, oi.l Twelfth street. Interment
Holy Crcaa Cemetery.
: COLLINS— In this city. November 1C, 1004,
William, beloved jen of Margaret and the
laf Denr.is Ollins, ai:d brother of Mrs.
Mary <"unimlnir« and Janifs H., Margaret.
IVtir and Jeremiah Collins, a native cf
Utlra. N. Y.. aged 2S years.
CTTriends and acqualntancrs nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i Friday), at K:30 a. pi., from his late resi- _
! drncc. 05 Sheridan street, thence to St.
.Icserh's Church, where a requiem maw will
be celebrated for the repcej tst his soul, com-
menring at 3 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
1 CONNOLLY— In this city. November 17, 1004.
James beloved husband of Margaret Con-
nolly, and father of James Connolly, Mrs.
John Thurstans, Mrs. Albert Jones. Mrs.
Melvln Graham and Mrs. B. Thurstan*, a
native of Ireland, aced CO yrars.
CONXOT-In this city, November IB, 1904,
Mary Connot, beloved mbther of Mrs. R, J.
t'roico. and .sister of Mrs. D. W. Gloran-
nlnl. Mr*. E. Greene and Mrp. W. Condon
of Sen Francisco and Louis Montcaillard i»I
Sacranvnto. a native of Calaveras County,
Cal.. ag«-d M years.
(tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Saturday). November 1». at 10:30 a. m.. i
fn-.m Ltitch & Henderson's parlors, Kighth
street and Broadway. Incineration Oakland i
Crematory. i
COPPOLA— In this city. November 17. 1004, i
Augusta, beloved wife of Lculs Coppola, and i
loving daughter of Fred and Fannie Sever- ;
anre, and loving sister of Edna, Bertha and
Fred Severance, a native of Mendocino
County, Cal., aged 21 years 4 months and
10 day*.
DALY— In this city. November 17. 1904, Jerry
Daly, a native of Ireland, aged 87 year* 10
months and 25 days.
DOWD — In this city. November 17. 19<M,
Mary Virginia dearly beloved daughter of
the late Hugh and Annie Dowd, and sister
of George and Alice Dowd and the late
Lottie Powd and Mrs. H Hines. a native
of San Francisco, aged 22 years.
CfHrmatnB at the parlors of \ alente,
Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
DOYLE— In the City and County Hospital.
November 17, 1904. Peter Doyle, a native
of Ireland, aged 73 years.
FERNANDEZ— In this city, November 16, 190*.
Joseph M., beloved brother of Frank L. and j
Anthony Fernandez, a native of Oakland. ,
Cal. aged 36 years 7 montns« and 25 days. I
(Sacramento papers please copy.)
tyTho funeral will take place on
Saturday, November 19, at 1 :30 p. m., from
the oarlors of Valente, Martni & Co., 1524
Stockton street, between Green and Union.
Interment orivate, Italian Cemetery.
FILLMORE — In this city. November 16. 1904.
Charles W. Flllmore. a native of Maine,
aged 70 years and 1 month.
C7"The funeral will take place Friday.
November IS. 19O4, at 9 a. m., from his late
residence. 4&1 Maple etreet. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRANKLIN— In New York. November 16.
1W4. John, dearly beloved husband of the
late Augusta Franklin, and brother of Mrs.
Louis Davidson of Mokelumne Hill. Mrs.
Rlcca Water* of Chicago, and father of
Mrs. Robert Samlsh of this city, aged 84
years ii months and 28 days.
GALLAGHER (nee Seyden)— In this city. No-
vember 17, 1904, Lillian M. Gallagher, be-
lov«l wife of James H. Gallagher, and
daughter of J. H. J. Seyden and the late
* l*>rathea Seyden, and slater of Mrs. J. P.
Carson and George H.. Henry G.. Arnold
R-. J. lVed. Julius, Alfred, Gustave and
Arthur Seyden. a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 years 11 months and 20 days. i
IC?'t'rl» i nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
the H. F. Maass Company. 917 Mission
•treet. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HALEY In Petaluma, Ncvember 15, 1004,
Edward, beloved con of Michael Halev, and
brother of Harry J.. Michael A. and Thomas
F. Haley and Mrs. L. VogeU a native of
New- York, aged 31 years 1 month and 13
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 a. m.. from the parlors of
Halsted is. Co.. »46 Mission street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
ISRAELSKY — In this city. November 17, 1904.
Esther, dearly beloved wife of Julius Israel-
sky and mother of Samuel. Harry. Milton.
Sydney, Annie and Helen Israelsky, a native
of Germany, aged 63 years.
KNOWLTON— In this city. November 14. 1904,
Elizabeth R. Knowlton, beloved mother of
Grace W. Knowlton and Mrs. Lyraan M. ]
Welch, and sister of James H. Doolittle. a .
native of Maine.
C7"Th« funeral services will take place
Saturday. November 19, at 1:45 p. m.. at
the rt-st(!ence. 3T)l(i Clay street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 p. m. train :
from Third and Townsend streets.
LAKIN — In this city, November 17. 1904, '
Susannah Alice, beloved child of Herbert
Newton and Susannah Sarah Lakln. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 years 6 months
and 7 days.
LEIGH — In Monterey County. November 16,
i ;•«?!. 'John Wickham Leigh, husband of
Camille Bowie Leigh, and father of Benja-
min W. Leigh Chapman, Hamilton B. and
Miss Julia Leigh, Mrs. Frank L. Adams and
Mrs. Lemuel P. Adams, a native of Rich-
mond. Va.. aged 78 years 4 months and 5
days. (Virginia papers please copy.)
CT'Notiee of funeral hereafter.
MALLOY— In this city, November 17. 1904,
at the residence of his parents. 117 Albion
aVenue. of diphtheria. Walter B.. dearly be.
loved son of Charles and Maud Malloy, and
beloved brother of Charlea J. and the late ;
<}*-orge F. Malloy, end grandson of Jeremiah
Hegan. a native of San Francisco, aged 4 ;
years 8 months and 23 days.
MOSS — In BerchttBgarden, Germany October
20, H«i4. Mrs. Julia T. Moss.
Cyinterment will take Dlace to-day
(Friday), at 3 p. m. promptly at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. ¦'
NELSEN — In this city, November 17, 1904,
; Nels R. Nelsen, a native of Denmark, aged
: / C2 yeaia.
NOLL — Near Mountain View, November 16
1904, George Nell, father of Edward. Wil-
liam and Otto Noll and Mrs. J. F. Pfaff. a
native of Germany, aged 64 years 3 months
and 21 days.
O'NEILL — In this city, November 15, 1904.
Catherine E. t beloved wife of Tnomas D
O'Neill, ar.d mother cf James Francis
O'N»ill. and Ulster of Jnmri W. K»lly and
daughter of the late Patrick and Mary' Ana
Kelly, a na;ive of San Andreau. «ja*avt:i-u«
County, Cal.. aged 48 years.
IDTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. t>07V.i Treat avenue, between Twenty-
first and Twentv-sscond streets, thence to
Et. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RACOUILLAT— In Suisun, Cal., November 17
1004. Luke, beloved son of Annie and the
late Alexander Racoulllat. and brother of
Feliclne, Alexander, Annie and Mary Ra-
coulllat, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years 10 months and 27 days.
REXWICK — In this city, November IB 1904.
William J. Renwlck. beloved husband of
KUeo Renwlck. and father of Mrs J
Doane, Mrs. J. Drltcoll and Andrew Junes
and Oie late William Renwlck, a native of
Scotland, aged 67 years. A member of
Court El Dorado No. 31 F. of A., and the
International Union of Steam Engineer*
Local No. 64. '
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at Ha. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 0<l Third street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SCHWAB— In this city, November 17 1904
Ltertte C. J. Schwab, elster of Hugo Kalt-
hoff and mother of Edwin, Manfred, Ralph
and Marion Schwab, a native of St. Louis,
Mo;, age.l 00 years 7 months and 25 days
rT-Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral eervicea to-day (FYldavl
November 18 at 1 p. m.. at the parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van New avenue In-
terment private. "
SINRAM— In Oakland. November 17 loot
trar.lt Henr-- beloved hunband of Minna
Sinram. and father of Henry. Otto and
Frank Sinram and Mrs. W. BaumVart tnd
Mrs Henrv Gler. a native of Oldendorf
province of Hanover. Germany. ag«»d U3 yeaVi
and 6 month.,. X member of Oakland
Vereln and Tecujnseh Tribe No. 62. ImpTo!
THORNTON— In this city, November 17 iixu
Maggie, beloved wife of John P^TiorX
and daughter of the latt Catherine Cruml
HENRY J. CALLACHSK COl
(Successors to Fiannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mir '"
FUN S UA ,V,x DI ! tECTCmS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80. * ¦
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temnle
NOW at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
; Finest Equipments at Moderate Rate*.
James McGlnm . Henry Hansen.
james McGinn & co..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmer*— -
• 214 Eddy st. Tel. South 576.
lfsh, and sister of James Crumllsh, and
sister-in-law of James J. and Timothy
Thornton and William Greenway, a native
of Fan Francisco, aged "0 years.
W1TTKNMYER— In Martinez, November 17.
1904. Lewis Cass Wittenmyer, husband of
Clara Laaell Austin Wittenmyer. and
father of Clara K.. John L., Lueelne A...
llene M. and Dan Wittenmyer. a native off
Imllnna. aged 70 years^ months and - days.
(CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attendvthe funeral Sunday,
November 20, at l:.'50 p.' m., from Masonic
Hall, Martinez. Interment Ma/tlnez.
Alumnae Association College of Notre
Dame of San Francisco — The annual requiem
man for our deceased members will be cele-
brated at a a. m. on Saturday, November
19, In th<! college chapel, Dolores and Six-
teenth streets. All members are requested
to attend/
MRS. KATE LAWLER. President.
¦ EAKAH KKENAN. Secretary.CHICAGO. Nov. 17. — Beginning with a
steady tone the wheat market was gradually
eaaed off until sentiment had become decidedly
we_k. At the start the market was Influenced
by hither cables. December dropped a shade
to HO^ic higher at $1 12tt to $1 12*. and
May a shade lower to %c higher at f 1 12% to
$1 12%. The i-lllcg was reneral from tht
•tart. With a diminished demand, price un
interruptedly dedln-d. Weakness In North
western markets was one of the main reasons
for the depression here. A message from
MlnneapoUs reported that cash ealea were
comrwhat slow. It - was claimed that mills
there were still buying No. S* Northern and
No. 4 Northern, but nx In *uch large quantl
tl-s as rester-ar. Continuing favorable weath
er for tne movement cf grains from the farms
was another Influence affectlnx pit traders.
Throughout the cession smal! holders were per
¦Uteoi ¦ellera. Within the last few mlautea of
tra&injr December uU to tl 10%, while May
dadlnrd to $1 10%91 11. Sentiment was ex
tremely weak at the oloee. Final quotations
on Oecetnber were d*wn 1%« tt fl 10^9
11014 M«r «!-_•« wtth a Im of HioTat
?l 11 H-
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOAKD OF TRADE.
Honokaa S C 17 »_ 17»JfOnomea S C. 3m -2H
Hutch S P C 15 15HI Paauhau S C. 1-Vi 19%
Kilauea S C. 4*4 « I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 9. — I Oceanic S Co 3\4 3S
Cal F C A. — MH'Pac Aux FA. \Vi —
Cal Wlnfe A. 77 — | Pac C Borx.156 WTM
MV& MtTm. 05 102 I Pac S Tel CO.104H105
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association... »7 25
5 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 9S 1_«4
135 Alaska Packers' Association... 9* 00
30 Giant Powde r Con <B 50
100 Hawaiian Coml L. Sugar 74 73
475 Honokaa. S Co 17 80
100 Hutchinson S P Co 15 12«i
20 Hutchinson S P Co 15 00
240 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. . 5 VO
80 Makaweli 32 CO
115 Makaweli 32 25
225 Paauhau S P Co 19 25
".0 S F Gas & Electric 54 12«.
45 Spring Valley Water Co S3 87*.
80 Spring Valley Water Co 40 CO
H.ttx) Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s.. S3 CO
$1,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent.,.. 11.1 25
$l.C00 S P of C «s (1DC5. Series A)... 101 00
Street —
$1,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5a 101 75
$5,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 117 0O
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 93 50
175 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 74 So
275 Honokaa S Co 17 50
750 Hutchtnson S P Co 15 CO
145 Makaweli 32 25
100 Onomea Sugar Co 32 CO
25 Paauhau S P Co 19 25
110 Paauhau S P Co 19 00
125 S F Gas & Electric s 30 54 50
25 S F Gas & Electric, s 30 54 624
$2,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s. s 5.. 117 00
SI. CCO Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent. 119 00
fc:,fcC0 N P C R.R 5 per cent lu_ 00
$1,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 103 50
Street —
10 Alaska Packers 1 Association... 98 00
. 50 Honokaa S Co 17 7
tiO Onomea Sugar Co 32 00
$5,000 Market-st Cable 6 per cent llfl 00
$17,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. So 23
Vnlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l . Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. ft$ 101 | SF & NP 5».U2 112H
B L Wat 6s. — 114H S P C R 4s. 08 1»5
Cal NW 5s..U3}_ — S P Co 4H»-101H —
M C Wat 5s.lOO — Sun Tel 6S...114H —
Rls I Wka5s — 105 ! Do 5s 106V* —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — ISuttr-st R5*.1O4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 22 25" I Mat Nav Co. 6O —
Amer Bis Co— 90 Nev Nat Bk.200 —
Cal Cot Mils SO — |N Cal P Co. 10 10^
Cal G&ECor. 50 61 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
C Jockey C1.110 — Otic T Con.. 75 —
Cal Powder. 130 143 llOOF Hall A 6*4 — .
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOrpheum Co. — 1«4
Cal T I & T — 160 I PacC Cas Co. — 135
Cen Bk. Oak 60 72 V.' Pac Sur Co.KW —
Chutes Co .. 5 — (Paraf Paint.. 39 —
Pity & C Bk — 120 |S F Drydock — •»
Cyp L Imp.. — 6I_:SF&SJ Coal. 17>4 20
East Dynm.. — 375 S J.Wat Co.l03»_ —
DptPwd pfd.,— 95 SO A MTgbt.125 —
Do com ..-40 — So Pac Co 65 —
FN Bk Oak.120 — |Pwl««-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — | Truck Elect.. — 12
Gas Con A.. — 19 tUR InC pfd. 62*4 C5
Hono P Co.. — 2tf Do com ... 16^_ —
Lon& SF Bk — 60
, SALES.
Morning Session.
Street—
100 Honolulu Plantation Co 23 0O
130 United R R Inr Co pfd 6-1 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil stock— Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert 21 25
California Standard 17 IS
Chicago Crude I 22
Claremont • - 8O'- .S3
Four 54 ....
Giant 24 ....
Har.ford 131 00
Home : 5» «0
Independence 31 32
Junction 14 2<>
Monarch of Arizona 40
Mcnte Cristo 77t» 80
Oil City Petroleum 57 59
Reed Crude 2 00
Sovereign 30 34'
Sterling 200 3<*>
Superior 1 03 04
Toltec 19 22
Coalinga & Pac Oil Co 40
SALES.
Mornin? Session.
Board —
100 Monte Cristo 75
300 Monte Cristo. s 10 75
100 Monte Cristo 77*4
l'<f) Thirty-three Oil 6 00
500 Oil City Petroleum 5S
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Independence 32
200 Monte Cristo. s 10 77' J
300 Monte Cristo 77>_
">no Monte Cristo. s 10 75
,VH» Monte Cristo 754
200 Home 59
50 Makaweli Sugar S2 00
100 Paauhua Sugar 19 2.">
50 Hondkaa Sugar 17 75
Slining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
ICO Con Cal A V.I S0| ICO Mexican 1 15
50 Con Cal A V.I 851 50 Ophlr 2 25
200 Exchequer ... 45! 600 Sierra Nev.... 41
100 Hale & Norc. 64| 300 Union Con.... 32
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
200 Alta 06! 700 Ophlr 2 23
CCO Bullion 25| 200 Overman 13
300 Caledonia 47! 250 Potosl 10
500 Chollar 151 200 Seg Belcher... C8
•200 Con Cal & V.I SStlOOO Sierra Nev 42
1150 Con Cal & V.I 9»\ 100 Sierra Nev . 43
300 Con Cal & V.I 951 500 Sliver Hill • 53
100 Crown Point.. 171 200 Union Con R3
100 Hale & Norc 63| 200 Union. Con.... 64
100 Hale & Norc. 64! 600 Union Con.... &5
300 Mexican 1 15! 200 Utah 00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid.Ask.
Alpha 13 14:julla 05 07
Alta *0« »>7|Justlce Ofi 0T
Andes 24 23'Kemuck 02 03
Belcher 19 21| Lady Wash ..02 04
Pest & Belch. 1 10 I 1.1! Mexican 1 15 1 20
Bullion 24 25i Occidental ... 74 7«
Caledonia.... 47 4S!Ophir 2 23 2 33
Challenge ... 13 15' Overman 12 14
Chollar 14 13!Potosl 10 11
Confidence ... J»6 901 Scorpion <*5 07
Con Cal & V.2 00 2 05 Savage '. 23 23
Con Imperial. — 021 Sen Belcher... OS 07
Con N T W 05! Sierra Ner 44 45
Crown Point.. 16 UlSllVfr Hill 33 U
Eureka Con.. — 50|St. Louis — 07
Exchequer ... 44 4K| Syndicate 03 C3
E. Sierra Nev 03 051 Union Con 57 M
Gould A Cur. 11 13lUtah 00 10
Hale * Norc. 6. 60! Yellow Jacket. 17 19
TONOPA1- AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
300 Mont Ton ...1 65*1000 Rescue 12
Afternoon Session.
500 Jumbo «j 1C0 Ton Belmoat.. B9
500 MacNamara . 251 200 Ton Midway. . 37
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Ton of Nev. .9 25 — | Rescue CW to
Mont Ton ...I «5 1 75lTon & Cal 18 20
Ton Exten ..1 SO 2 OO 1 Ray & O'Brien — 07
MacNamara . 25 261 Paymaster ... 03 04
Ton Midway. 38 3*1 Little Ton ..45 —
Ton Belmont.. 67 70|Esperanza 01 C2
Ton N Star... 1« lSIGold Anchor.. 20 —
Weet End ... 13 — ! Quincy 11 —
Ton Gold ML 16 191 N T Ton Con. — 12
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm . . 12 15' Jumbo 5.1 55
Red Top 11 13! Jumbo Ex .. 19 . 22
Goldfleld Mhk 15 —I Vernal Mln . . C9 —
Columbia — 23!GoIdneld — 60
TONOPAH MINI3TG EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Black Ants.. 10,1900 N T Ton Con./ 12
5ftf> Bullfrog Mln. 51'IOCO Paymaster ... 03
2550 Cent Eureka.1 50! 100 Ton Belmont..' 68
900 Esperanzat.. . 01 J 100 Ton Belmont.. m
1000 Gldfld RefTI* 0«! 1250 Ton 'Gold lit. IS
icon Jumbo Ex . . 20! SCO Ton Midway. . 37
200 Jumbo 51| 10OO Ton Midway.. ?A
100 MacNamara . 23! 1000 Vernal Mln . . 11
500 Mont Ton ...1 70|
Afternoon Session.
2000 Adams 10I2C0O N Y Ton Con. 12
800 Black Butte.. 1S125CO N Y Ton Con 13
1200 Bullfrog Mln. 51! SCO Red Top 12
1C0 Jumbo 32! 10© Sandstorm ... 13
300 Jumbo 53! 500 Ton Belmont.. ft?
.W> Jumbo -• 3» 40O Ton Belmont.. TO
2TO Jumbo ." 53 1 CCO Ton Gold Mt. 17
f«0rt MacNamara . 2»!lWO Ton Oold Mt. IS
1OW MacNamara . 23I110O Ton Midway. „ 36
W* Mont»Ton..l 67 V»'14CO Ton- Midway.. 37
500 Mont Ton ...I 70' ,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.j . Bld.Ask.
Adams 09 — MacNamara ..24 25
Black Ants.. — lOIMent Ton ..1 70 1 72H
Black Butte.. 17 19; N Y T Con M 12 13
Blue Bull M. — 271 Paymaster ... — C3
Booth M Co. 12 — ! Ray Exten .. — 03
Bullfrog Min. M — ! Ray * O'Brien 05 10
Columbia .... 13 2KRay Ton — 14
Dlamondfleld . 22 27; Red Top .... H 12
Esperanza ... — OllRescue 09 \o
Gipsy Queen. — 20 Rothwell G M. 10 50
Goldfleld BAB — l.VSand.-tonn ... 14 17
Goldfleld Dmd — 20' Ton Belmont.. 60 72
Gldfld G Bnd 05 — 'Ton A Cal l« __
Goldfleld Min 57 ROjTon Cash Boy. 1~
GoldflcM Mhk — 20|Ton Exten .. — 1 «s
Gldfld R«1 L. — 0^>Ton Gold Mt. 17 1*
GoMfleld S Pk — H'Ton Midway.. 3« 37
Goldflelrl Ton. — UlTon of NVt.,9 00
Hold Mt Con. — C2 Ton N 8tar. .. 1«
HazekJCUk .. — 12! Ton A S Lke 40 ' —
Jim Butler .. R5 . — 'Ton Union .. — 11
Jumbo ...;.. 54 «V United Ton . . — iw
Jumbo Ei .. — -O 1 Vernal Mln ..CO —
Lucky Tom.. — 101 West End ... 13
FJvery young man -who cleans his
clothes with gasoline does net get
credit (or owning: an automobile.
Iron dosed at 51s Gd for Olasgow and at 46s
I1 : 3<1 in Middlcsboro. Locally the iron market
li firm.
Trade in freeh fruits was rather quiet ow
ing to the cool, cloudy weather, and the mar
¦ ket was devoid of feature, with very little
• change in prices. There was a marked fall
i Ing off in the receipts of Apples, but stocks
: were still excessive and a weak feeling pre
f vailed, with dealers conceding to large buy
ers. Grapes twere inclined to easiness, the, ton
quotations being obtained only for selected
lots. Some kinds of Strawberries did a little
better under decreased receipts, but otherwise
j the berry market was weak. Citrus and
! Tropical fruits were in free supply and pre
; vious prices ruled for all descriptions
STRAWBERRIES^ — Longworths, ?8@12 per
chest; Mallndas and Brandywines. $4&5; Che
'¦ neys, $05?7.-
RASPBERRIES— $5@" per chest.
i HUCKLEBEKRIES— 6(&Sc per lb. •
CRANBERRIES— *10fgll per bbl for East-
I em and $'J@2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
i APPLESS — $1 25 per box tor extra fancy. 85o
i <Q Jl for ordinary fancy. SOtg75c for choice
1 and 25<_'4Oc t&t common.
i • PEARS — Winter Nellis. $1 2561 50 per box;
: cooking varieties, 50075c per box.
j PERSIMMONS— 606.S5C per box.
; POMEGRANATES— Nominal.
QUINCES— 25£ _0c per box.
; FIGS — 50c@$l per box.
GRAPES— Table varieties. 60cJi$l for crates.
S()!05Oc for small boxes and $lgl 60 for open
boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels, SI 75®
2 76 per box; Seedlings, $1 50@l 75; Tanger
ines. $1 25 for small and $1 75 for large boxes;
Lemons. $2 COfM . for fancy. $l'75©2 23
for choice and I $1 25<01 CO for stand
ards; Grape Fruit ?2@2 50; Mexican Limes,
. $4^4 50 per case; Bananas. S'2113 per bunch for
I Central American and 75c®$2 for Hawaiian;
j Pineapples, |1 50©3 per dozen.
i Dried Fruits. Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
! The market continues quiet, with conditions
as heretofore stated.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 7?4@10c for
, Royals and 0@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
i (l'ii<87M,c for White and 6?_07c for Red;
! Peaches, 7Vi©S£_c per lb; Pears, 7ft#12c;
i Plums, pitted. GJ»<5\.c for black, 7>,.ffSV;c
for red and 7QS1.C for yellow; Fins, 2-crown
bricks/ 50c; 8-crown 55c: 4-crown, 60c; 6
crown. C5c: bulk white. 2»if?.1c; black. 3Hc
EvaporstCri Apples, 5@7c ptr lb.
PRUNES— 1%©1%c per lb for the four sizes
¦ and 2 bast? for the large sizes. :
. , RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno— Im
: pr rial clusters. *2 »<92 50; Dehcsa. 51 30©l 35;
London Layers. $1S 1 10; Loose MuacatelK, 4
crown. 4Hc: 3-crown. 3%c; 2-crown. 3%c;
Setdod 4<4©6Uic; Thompson's Seedless, 4V 4 c;
Seedless Sultanas. ' 3 V4c per lb.
NUTS—^'ew Walnuts, No. 1 yoflshell. 120
12%c: No. 2, 10SlOV_c: No. 1 hardshell. 12c;
No. 2. 10c; Almonds. 10917c for Nonpareils.
14P14V.C for I X L ISSHo for Na Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanut*. <5®7e for
Eastern: Pecan?. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 SOffi:
Chestnuts. 7610C per tb for California and
12u.*?13«,c for Italian. '
HONEY — Comb. llia©13c for white and 10®
llo fo r amber; water white extracted 5i4@
6c: light amber extracted, -©S^c; dark. 30
4%c. --.
• BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Provisions.
Local houses continue to quote a quiet and
unchanged market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10}_c per lb for
heavy, 10%c for light medlnm. 13c for night.
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie: Eastern sugar,
cured Hams. 12V4ei2?lc: California Hams,
12@12%c; Mess Beef.:$10®10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess, ?10 50011: Family. |12©12 *0; prime
Mess Pork. #14 50; extra clear. $22; Mess.
»16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5: Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD-^-Tlerces quoted at «Hc per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 869V.C for pure: half- barrels, pure, 9ViO
8%c; 10-lb tins, 10i«c: 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, gftc; three
half barrels, 8%c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces
8Vic; five tierces. 8Hc per lb. . .
Hides. * Tallow, Wool and ¦ Hops.
All markets under this head continue firm
¦and ' In seller^' favor.-, with stocks small and
moving off without difficulty.- .
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls aad.tnudt Mil
THURSDAY. Nov. 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I • Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l06'41O3i;!4s OX cp new.l30>4131
4s qr reg...l06H106?4!3_ qr coup...l04}_lC6!4
/ 7 MISCfLL_\.NEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.l20% —
Asso Oil 5s. — " SO Do 5s 11.1 —
1 Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do con 5s.. 103*; —
! Cal C G 5s. — — Oceanic S 5s. 55 60
! Cal G & E g Om Cable Cs.120% — _
i m _ ct 5a. 84^6 S5U Pac O Im 4s. — 07
Cal-st C 5s.ll4Vj — P E Ry 5s..tO4m03
C C Wat lis. 9C ¦ — . P ¦& C H fls.lOl —
! EdL A P Cs.123 — IP t O R 6s.ll5 —
I F t C H «5. - — !Powfll-_t 6a. '— —
Gcarj--st f>s.. V) — Sac EG&R5s.l00 1004
H C&S 51.S.I05 — SF A SJV5_.US)£ll9l_
•Do 5s K0 — Sierra R 6fl. — —
Hon Tt T Cs.lWH — S P of A (i
t, a Eiec 5s. — 103V, noon) — ioo vi
L A Ry 5».. 11514 — <1010) 1091. —
L A I. Co Cs — — IS P of. C Pa
Do srtd es. — — I nnc.-.)sr a. — ioih
Do ctd Bs.ini 103^41 (lanrosr B. — —
LAP lem n*.101 — F MSTfi) 10414 _
MVt-st C fi«.115*i — r (1M2) 114 —
Do lem 5s. — in ISPC 1 eg 5* — —
MV*; MtTSs.iW 110 I Do stampd. 107*4 —
NnR of CCs.lftBT; _ |s P B It 6s.l34m35t_
Do 5*> 11R% — |S V Wat Cs.104% —
X P C R 5S.1P514 — I Do 4s Sdm.lOOl,; _
! X C Ry 55.. — 112 I ' Do 4s rMtn. !W4 —
NTP'C5». 99 — Do jr mt_4s 9I>H —
I N R R K Rs. — W IStkn G*Efi. 9.1 — s
OG I.*H R«. — 110 IU G * E 59.10-H —
O-W gtd 5*. — W \VTl of PF 4s. — —
• Water stocks.
Contra Costa — — JPort Costa... — —
Marin-Co... — 60 1S V Wat Co. 38% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent,-. & P. 3% — ' IS F O & E. 54U 54%
Mutual E L. 9H 11 IStkn G. * E. — 5%
Pac L Co... 59*4 — \V G & E Cq. — i-",
. » INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 32fi I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Bk..l-7»A1.12V_i_. P & A.... 150 —
Amtlo-Cal .. ««% no 'Mer Trust.... — 230
Bunk of Cal.420 425 iMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 150 — IS F 'National — —
! First Natlonl — 3«0 I
[ ¦- SAVINGS BANKS. . "-- .
Ger S & 1*2330 — I Sav & L So. . — 100
Hum S & U — - [Sec SavBk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 1<H> ftnlon T Co.. — —
BFS.yU.et5 675* I •
-' STREET RAILROADS.
California .. 11* Preeldlo 33 —
Geary — 40 I
. POWDER.
Giant ...... «2 (HVi'Vicorlt — 4V,
Hawaiian C. 7-tt 70 [UaltaweU C 32 U —
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
Exchange and Bullion.
Rates showed very little change.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.$4 84 «ff4 «4>4
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87 @4 »7>4
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 87 U @-» h"%
New Torls Exchange, sight 02^ @ 05
X. T. Exchange, telegraphic. 04 @ 05
Silver, per ounce — @ 5SU
Mexican Dollars '• ... 45>$ © 4tt
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.13
New York on Mexico 215
Paris on London 25.13
Berlin on London 20.30V4
• Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Chicago waa l%c lower. This
market, on the contrary, was l@lV«c higher
for futures In the morning on prospects of
some movement to the Bast under the reduced
rail rate which recently became effective.
There is some figuring on shipping Wheat
from the Sound to New York, around the Horn
owing: to the scarcity of car*, which is de
laying the delivery of tn« 12.000,000 or 15,
000, COW bushels purchased up there some time
ago for the Middle West. It is calculated
that by shipping by water much Wheat can
actually be landed In the East before- all the
delayed rail orders are filled.
The cash grain was steady and unchanged.
Futures were weaker In the afternoon.
CASH WHEAT.
California. Club. $1 60Sl-52%; California
White Australian. $1 C0Q1 65; Northern Club,
none offering; Northern Bluestem. $1 62%Q
1 £5 per ¦ctl.
FUTURES. •
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...*1 «tt $1 45% ,$1 45'4 $1 43>4
May. 1 «H 1« 1 48»4 1 46',4
S p. in. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close-.
December — No sales; $1 42 bid. ¦*
May $1 45* %1 40fc $1 4« $146
BARLEY — There was nothing of conse
quence new. either In the cash grain or fu
tures. Trade was not active.
CA3H BARLET. ,
Feed $1 07%61 12%; Brewing and Shipping,
$l,l&«i 17%: Chevalier, $1 16@1 20. per ctl.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 00>£ $1 Cil'i $1 091; $1 09U
May— No sales; $1 08% bid. $1 00 asked.
2 p. m. Session.
Dtcmbfr — Ko sales; SI 09 bid, $1 0914 asked.
May— No sale<;|l MS bid, $1 0S&; asked.
OATS — Dealers continue to quote a quiet
and well- supplied market.
White. $1 42%®1 57%: Surprise. $1 55©1 CO;
Red for teed. $1 32%4$1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22%01 30 for No. 2; extra ' fine for seed
tl 42%(|l 60; Black. $1 3O@l 35 for feed and
$1 4.V51 62% for seed.
CORN — 8ow« California Corn Is coming in.
but it is more or less damp and is therefore
not in very (rood demand, especially for mill
ing- account, and trading is largely confined
to the Western receipts. The old prices still
rule.
Western sacked. $1 45@1 50 for Yellow
$1 4531 SO for White and $1 45@1 50 for
Mixed; California larre Yellow, 71 4501 so
small round do. $1 55©1 62%; White nom
inal; Egyptian. $1 35® 1 40 for White and
$1 17%61 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 40&1 45 per ctl. r
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
etL : "' r -"\ ¦ : -^
Flour and MillstnfTs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 S09
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7C*g5;
\ Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $44?4 SO
per bbl. _; f - :-: •-.¦--;-"
• ,MrLLSTTrrFB — Prices In packages are as
ttilovt: Graham Floor, $2 16 per ICO lbs;
LOCAL MARKETS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
paid a regular quarterly dividend of 10c yes
terday.
An assessment of 10c per share was de
linquent yesterday on the Puget Sound Iron
Company.
The American Express Company has de
clared a regular semi-annual dividend of $1
per share and an extra dividend of $1 per
share, payable January 3.
It is reported that the directors of the
Greene Consolidated Copper Company at the
dividend meeting about December 1 will de
clare a bimonthly dividend of 4 per cent, or
40c per ehare.
The Jenny Llnd Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of lc per
share, delinquent December S.
Business in miscellaneous securities, while
still active, was not up to the volume of .the
previous two or three days, and there was
also less fluctuation. The advance in Oie
sugars halted and Paauhau and Hutchlnson
were fractionlly weaker, the others standing
about the same as oh Wednesday afternoon.
The rise in these stock* has been rapid and a
lull Is only natural, as in the ease of a!l stock
advances. The other stocks also- showed less
variation, the exception being Alaska Packers,
which ranged higher at 96 5OSDS 124. the
new plan of reorganisation of the company's
flnancej, as published In yesterday's Call, ap
parently Imparting a better feeling in the
stock Giant Powder was firm but quite at
$63 50.
There 'was a moderate business in the oil
shares. The mining stocks exhibited no new
features of note.
Trading Quieter. AVitli a Halt in the
Sugar Advance.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening T 2>i 7 4H 7 3'i,
Closing " 2Mt 7 4, 7 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — Nor; Mar. -June.
Opening; '. 23 80 25 »0
Closing 23 70 25 45
FIoui- —
Opening ! . . 31 SO XI 20
Closing 31 65 33 CO
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Nov. 17.— Clearings, 1759,501;
balances, ?160,305.
TACOMA. Nov. 17.— Clearings, $597,529,
balances. ?fc'4.9<>l.
PORTLAND, Nor. 17. — Clearings, $327,934;
balance* $137,970.
SPOKANE. Nov. 17. — Clearings, JB57.02S;
balances. J47.793.
r MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Eggs continued to decline and the market
was quite weak, with buyers taking only
sufficient for their Immediate needs.
Receipts were ::7.20O lbs Butter. 531 cases
, Egg4 and 33.OCO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 2O«*21o
: for extras and ISftlOc for lower to medium
1 grades: dairy, 17@10c; cold storage, nominal;
! store Butter. 10@14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
; Eastern ladle- packed. 15@16c.
I CHEESE— H^<512c for choke mild new and
1 ICVfrllc for old: cold storage. lOltftUc; V>ung
I Americas. l2 l QV2V J c : Eastern. 10@13c per Mb.
i BGGH — Ranch. 42Vi4M5c for good to choice
X7V»@4Cc for common; Told storage. 23W
[30c: Eastern. 25ft 28c for choice. 22Q24c for
1 (standards and 19521c for seconds.
The downward tendency In Cheese continues
and some houses are shading the quotations
to sell.. The production is steadily Increasing,
as already mentioned, and the tendency is
to sell.
Butter dealers are looking about for outside
outlets for the large stocks of surplus Butter,
which this market cannot take care of. and
a Bale of 10.i!OO pounds fresh creamery at 20c,
cubed, for Montana, was reported yesterday.
It is alao said that several houses are trying:
to work off lines of cold-storage goods on the
East. The market continues congested with
large stocks and the feeling is as depressed
as ever.
Butler. Clieese and Ejrc«.
SCMJIABY OF THE »IARKETS.
\Vj>!1 strain. <etocks still unsettled, but
jreryrally htsrhcr.
Xot much rhanjc in Silver or Ex
cJiance rate's.
S«;ie talk of shipping \M»eat from
tlir bound to Xov York by sea.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye un
changed.
Yesterday's receipts of Hay of better
quality.
Be&ii^ and Feedstuffs as previously
quoted.
Potatoes still very plentiful and weak.
Oniciis Mill higher.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Fruit market qufet. with decreased re-
Dcfata of Apples.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins un
changed.
Dealers trying to work off surplus
Butter on the lla**.
Chee«i> and E^gs lower and the latter
very weak.
Provisions still inactive and feature-
Wool. Heps and Ilides active *nd
iinu.
Lire and dressed Meats unchanged.
t;oast Salmon pack 578.0'JO cases less
than in 1303.
Botxtttem Rice crop shows a decrease
from ia&t year.
.Vnierican Institute of Bank Clerks.
The rar-u!ar n-.or.thly session of the Pan
rYanoiaco r!-.apt<r American Institute of Bank
Clerks. »ai :;p!c; November It at tbi-ir room.
In Qm Y. M. C. A. tuilding. Tlie r:*ms
»'er» crowded » :th the mtn who fljrure so
promin^i.Mv m the commercial Interests of
tie city. Reports of the convention of chap
tore were rendered by Drleeates H. G. White
Jr. cf the San Francisr-o NatJonul Bar.k, anJ
Fnai:k C. UoctlXBcr of the Bank of California.
Tl-i* cODTKBUca nag held MX the \\"orld - « Fair
and »t5 a \MXT* and enthusiastic gathering,
there b«:ng about 150 dei-jra.:es in attend
ance, rerr^sentirg; Lai'.kf from e»cry city of
:mj-ort»r.ce in lie United States. Mr. White
t.o-i-.r upen tht work of the convention an<i o?
¦;he iy«t*isa in force in the East. Mr. Mortl
rrtr owtit 'jpun the work accomplished by the
Eastern <!-ai;terf and taid, in part: "'^n
Pnaciseo cfcjipttr has r.r> reason to feel dU
eaansed. Triere are or.ly six chapten ihow
lr.g t. iarjrrr memb<"n=hlp than this, viz.:
Pitubu:?. 'Jleve!and. Chicago. New Tcrk, Los
Angt>s *nd Milwaukee. The conv^nticn was
¦ grtat' «ucc«Si. Proceedines were enacted
with .-.ATefii! deliberation. The keynote of the
conv cut: en was 'prepress in education." and
t!.<? lasting euccers of any otranlzation is as
rured »!i«n men get together for such a pur
posC** i'ict.urt* cf the prominent men. pro
•rrarr.mef ar.j souvenir* cf the convention were
Sc*r*ctcd. Then there wa« an adding machine
content. S:x of the Burroughs addirg ma
chines »tre i;sed and there were twenty-five
comectants. The firrt prize, ta and a beau
tifu: p^arl pin. was captured hy R. Ginny
of the Francisco National Bank; second
j-rize by Mr. Clark of the California Safe De
j>r*!t a:-.J Tru« Oomj-any: third prize by Mr.
Web«er cf the Anrlo-CaJifornian Hank. Ltd..
and fourth jriie by Mr. Von Maadenschtiv.
Oakland BarJi of Savings.
KASTKKN .MARKETS.
Nrw York stock Market.
NEW Y< ItK, Nov. 17.— Stock* had their ups
s.r.<! d'-»T!« to-Say. but the ups succeeded
the cifrwns ar.d so fer outran them as to leave
the day's changes decisively on the side of
pains. The latter tcne of the market became
ajrpress:-. !y Ftrcr.g and the market broadened
out material'y cempared with the wildness to
vtddi th^ trading fell away during the morn
ir.g depression. The weakness was rather
acute at the opening and forced prices lower
ever, than'th* equivalent of the ruling prices
Ic London, although the disturbed conditions
1= Lcr.don were the assigned cause of the
wrtmil The recovery of opening losses was
prf-tty complete during the first hour. Amal-
Cinated Copp«t was the feature of the day.
This stock, considering the hirtcry of its past
Jnovera*»r.i6, has advanced rather soberly in
the recent market, measuring its pace ap
parently by the continuous rise in the price
cf copper. To-dsy's reports from the copper
markets pointed to the first reactionary ten
dency perceptible for many days. But thi*
<!id n«t (Jiscourajce the buying of Amalgamated
Copper in company with the buoyancy of cop
j>«t stares a!l over the world. After rising
to SO the etock rr»*» u-ith added facility and
k creed to uncover jstop-loss orders on the bear
eide. The close was feverish and irregular
In epite of Union Pacific's sustained rise cf
over two points. Southern Pacific, St. Paul,
Cbesapeeie and Ohio ar.d Norfolk and West
ern were the most important etocks to get as
much as a poirt ovetjjlast night, but the re
covery from the low point of the morning
measured a considerable impro\ement.
Heavy rfTeringe or call money broke the rate
to fcclow 2% per cent. The tone of the money
market was harder, however, and bankers
?xpect higher rates. Foreign exchange moved
upward again ar.d sterling at Paris declined,
raising the pressure on our rold supply.
W*-akne«s in the early bond market, in fjhi
pathy with stocks, gave that department of
th« market an irregular tone. Total sales.
f.11. 506,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
New York Stock List.
Stocks — Sales. High. Lew' Close.
Atchifcon 24,000 N>*4 R5% 8H%
AtchiEcn pfd OjO I02H 102^ 102V»
Baltimore * Ohio. . 14.300 *7?» 96fc 97V*
li*Jt A: Ohio pfd... : M
Canadian Paciflc... 45,100 135 132% 134^
C»n of New Jersey 19O
O.e«ir*ake * Ohio. 33,500 60% 48»4 50
A Altcn.. 1,600 49 43% 45%
Oh! & Alton pfd „ 62
*"hi Great West... 23.4«r> 25% 24% 2T>*i
Chicago & N W... «00 2<irt 200 199*;
C. M & Pt P 12.800 -174U 172% 17H«i
C. M * St P pfd is2»'i
Chi Terra 4; Trans. 4.600 145^ J2i» 1414
Ct! T A T pfd 7.500 25«i 24'i 25>.«
C. C. C A- St L. 5OO G9 PSSj SS%
Cclcrado Southern. 2,<50O 23X4 23 23V4
Cclo South 1st pfd. 100 f.9% 59% r.3Vi
Colo South 2d pfd . . WO 07 37 37 ,
Dela & Hudson... 500 1S7', 1S7 1S7
Del. Lack* West 3%
Der-ver & Rio G.. ZOO 33% S3% 3->Vi
r>er. A Rio O pM .'. S5^i
I>*.e 4S.O00 29% 2S«i SH*i
Erie 1st pld 3,000 73Vi "2 1 * 73H
Erie Cd rJi 800 54% 54 54%
Hocklrir VaHey 400 84% (A% 84
Hock:rg Valley pfd 90U
Illinois Central 3.400 150«i I45»% 150»i
Iowa Or-trAl 800 31*4 31 31
law* Central pfd.. 600 57' 56'I 56»i
X C Southern 1.900 31 30li 3<>U
KC6«u;hwn pM.. 6.000 M*4 54 66
Lcuis & Nafh 10,J>00 14OS 139'J l."»%
Jiar.htttan L 13.300 1©K 167 lCS T i
Metropolitan Seen.. 3.100 SSvI - S2% 82 v.
Metropalltan 6t P.j 2.SO0 125% 124% 124T;
V:-.- & st Louis.. 200 C5 C4% u" 1 '-
M, Pt P * 6 S IT 2.900 92% 91 ! 921*
M SiP «: SS M pfd 100 U7% 147*; 14«
M!«»our: Pariflc... 1T.9OO im 107', lO^*;
Mo. K*r: £, Texas. 4.000 35 54»* 35
M. K A 7 pfd... 8.*» 64*4 63 CSV
KO R B Mex pfd. 2.200 <3*i 42% 43%
New Tcrk Ceatral. 3.SU0 136Vi 135 : 4 136
Nc-fclk * Western 1S,«M 7«% 74*4 75%
Nor & W«rt pfd.. 100 91 04 90
Onta_-io & VTesterr.. 1.200 42% 42 42%
J»tSfy!itata 5S.100 in 186% |m2
P. C. C A. fit Louis. 100 75 75 73tt
K^aJlTiu 20.6W 75% 74*i 755.
»«id:r!f i»t p-ra... 2O0 GH% SKU S7»:
Re»e'r.g 23 pf4 200 M 80 79%
Rock K.wid Co.... 34.100 27 36% 36=;
Rock UUa* Co pM 2.CC0 »!% 80tt 61%
StL ft 6 K 24 pfd. 1,700 Ot\ €7% CS%
Ft Loai« s vr i.soo «6 23 2i2
Jl Ly.!. S-^" pfl. 2.SC0 54*4 62% 53%
Botthem Pacific... in«.10O OfM fiT.Si €8
eouth<m R*!lv.-ay.. 27 100 S« ZS'Z 55T4
Bcvth-rn lty pf<j.. ;oo »5'i Wl' 95S
Z"** *. P » elflc -- =.»°f> 37*4 3C'4 S7*4
T. Ft I. & W 300 m»/ sis/ »,,?
T. StL«- Wpfd.. 8.400 &^* g}* ji4
t.rlcn Pacific...-. ..194 000 115'i n2»4 lir.%
Union Ptcine prd.. ... £4
JJI"*?* S.TOO 24% 2T.\ 24li
W»b«»!i pfd 7,900 47*4 «« 47»4
Vkretbac t L E.. 200 21*1 21W 21 u
Wisconsin Central . I.X0O 24 "*ril i4t?
wu «>nt r?a 1.700 43- J 7 I?
»«Cmt 22.100 214 "0 »1U
t-xrre«f . *-.f « r »?-
T:~.1t*<1 Ptates ....'. " 100 124* i«i'* T*»
W MlV^,SU^ 10 ° « 2*0
Am*! Cfcr 2O4.&00 si 14 r-t/ <¦-..
A»rC*r 2.200 XI SX' %fr
Am*rC4rpfd.. boo 87., J,"2,> |2J?
Amer Cot Oil .... 400 55*1 34* -i5f
AJT.«r C«K Oil pfd * £¦*
A.rr.*~ Ie« 1.400 pU "i" l u
AimtUuM 100 19*} Y52 Vgrl
Am«rL«n Oil pffl.. 100 42 42 iT' 4
A"w L*oom 3.S00 SOU 30 2ir/
Axn«r f A R 23.100 so^ yg % 2S^
/nw f *R PM.. 2.»00 115 114 iwu
Amer 6o«.r Jtff .. 4S.700 155 1471K i.i-;
/ntooniU Sff!n Co. . 3.800 120 lie 1101I
D!*ck!rn RT 22V0OO «»% t&% rid
OrdomAe T «: I.... S3.S00 <?U 451! 47S
Cansotld Ou 14.600 71»% 217U 2li
Qvn Products £.000 24* 24U *"«4it
Corn Pro* pffl S.400 SO TeiZ .in
r>i*tii s»<xxt s.4«o «t 3«tf 3*«t
C«»tiJ Ore 800 '181% 180 m
Inter B.«00 2:%- 20 20vi
Tcter Pa.p»r pfd ... COO 7t>% 73 7fiii
Irter Pump S00 V)% ' 40% 40*?
Infer P«355 p<4 .. £09 83 - ST. «
VsMq'jmI Lead .... 2.000 U% Si^ ZVj,
j GAME — Mallard Ducks, $366 per dozen 1
I Canvasback, ?33?t>; Teal. $2^2 50: Sprig, $2 50
(S3: Widgeon. $1 75<S2: Red Heads. $2<g3:
• fcmall pucks. $1 75: Gray Gee*e. $2i@3:
j White Geese. *1@1 75: Brant, $1 25(g2 50;
Honkers, $3g5; Snipe. $3 for English and $1 5<>
fur comm-.n; Doves. $1 25; Hare, 51 50S1 75;
Rabbits, ?~ tor Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 23@23c for
No. 1 and lSifiSc per lb for No. 2 j. Live Tur
keys. 17<320c for old and 2u^22c per lb for
young: Geese, per pair. $1 75(g2; Goslings, $2®
2 2."»: Ducks, $.V(j."i 50 per dozen for old and
$3@7.for young: Hens. $4 50^5 for small and
$5 5*i « fur largo; young Roosters. .$5 50@
6 50: old Roosters. $4tfi4 50; Fryers. $4 50tg5:
Broilers. $3Q4: Pigeons $ltzl 25; t-quabs $29
2 50.
A car of Western Poultry came in late on
Wednesday, making the third for the week,
and was distributed among leading retailers.
Yesterday's arrivals from domestic sources
were unusually heavy, being over 100 coops,
but trade continued brisk and prices of all
descriptions were well maintained. Dressed
Turkey* were lower, particularly .for No. 2
stock. Receipts were 23 cases. Game ar
rived freely and sold rather slowly at the old
quotations.
Poultry nnd Game.
WASS RESTORED TO COMPETENCT —
Frederick W. Wass, brother of the- lat» Dyscn
D. Wass and heir to a fourth of his $160,000
estate, wa» restored to competency by Jndgi
Coffey yesterday. He tclrl an intelligent story
on the stand even remembering the circum
stances of his brother's appointment as hi*
guardian sixteen years ago. W. E. Quinn. a
friend who knew Waas at the place near
Wrights, in the Santa Cruz Mountains, said
that he had been making fancy furniture. an>l
this required considerable skill and * Intelli
gence. Wass will now assist his attorney* In
getting his share of his brother*, fortune.
about %61c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c: light. »%c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9%c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip 10%c; Salted Veal,
lie; Salted Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. 17%c: dry
Kfp 15c; dry Calf. 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
25<g40c each: short -Wool. 40065c each; me
dium, 75€90c: long Wool. $191 CO; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for j
medium $1 5092 for small and 50c for Colts: j
Horse Hides dry, $1 75 for large and $1 25^ j
1 50 for medium, $1 for small. 50c for Colts. ;
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted |
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do.
$1 25; large SOc; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb:
No. 2. 3%c: Grease. 2%©3c,
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 0©llc- Southern. S«9c; Southern Moun
tain. 0@llc; Middle Counts* fr«e. 12nUc;
uo defective. 10<812c; Northern free. ll'tfUc:
do, defective. 10S12c; Humboldt and Mendo
ctno. IWilSc per lb.
HOPS— 1304 crop. 29@32c per lb. '
Meat Market. j
Both .live and dressed Meats remain as be- I
fore quoted and the market exhibits no new I
feature. I
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers j
are a* follows:
BEEF— Sg7c for Steers and 4®5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, C®7^c; small 7@9« per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, '7@7%c; Ewes. 6@7c per
pound.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs 6@5c per lb. i
LIVESTOCK' MARKET. ;
The following quotations are for good, sound ;
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 403 i
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7\4©7%c: Cows and Heif- !
ers. 5%<3t>%c: thin Cows, 435c per lb.
CALVES — »©4%c per lb (gross weight). |
i ' SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3»;c; Ewes. 3@3Kc :
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 BOS2 75 per head. ;
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140- to 250 lb«. 4%c;- •
under 140 lbs. 4%@4*ic; soft Hogs, not want- j
ed; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent
Off, and Stags, 40 ' per cent off from above
quotations.
General Merchandise.
! BAGS — Grain Bags. $5@S 25; San Quentin.
! $4 SO: Wool Bags. 3C@32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL — Wellington. $S p«r ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in ;
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; |
V*>lsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke, I
$11 50@13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; ;
I Rocky Mountain descriptions. .$8 50 per short :
! ton.
i OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
I add 5c; Linseed. 51c per gallon for belled and
! 49c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No, 1 70c;
| Bakers' A A, cases. $1 1O@1 12; Lucol. 50c for '
i boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut, cases,
I t>5<@!>0c per gallon; Cocoanut OH. .In barrels, j
I 5Sc for Ceylon and 85c for Australian; extra I
t bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
i Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winte r Whale !
I Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
i strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. I Lard Oil. 65c; !
pure Neatffoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. !
i 63c: light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil, !
4Oc- Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
! Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk. !
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 10%c: Astral. 19%c;
Star 19%c: Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine, 26c:
I Eocene 21%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
I bulk. 16c; in cases. 22%c: Benzine, in bulk. !
I 13c: In cases. 19%c: S6-degree Gasoline. In |
1 bulk 25c; in cases, 31c.
! TURPENTINE — Sic per gallon in cases and \
1 75c In drums and Iron barrels. i
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7H@
• 7&c per lb; White Lead. 7%©7$ic. according
j to quantity.
: SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com-
J pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
! Cubes A crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10cl Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, flnej tic; Dry Granulated, coarse,
I Cc: Fruit Granulated. Cc: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.00c; Confectioners' A 6c:
Magnolia A, 5.«Oc; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C,
5.40c; "D," 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; ooxes,-60c more: 50-lb bags,
! 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels «
; G.5Oc; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnoe!
j J»c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev-
I enty-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
! SALMON— The market is quiet but steady.
(Reports. of the 19O4 pack are practically all
; made up now and the total output for the
! coast is placed at 2.822.000 cases a shortage
| of 578.244 cases. Alaska is credited with
i 2.052.739 cases, against 2.201.394 last year;
; Columbia River. 376,500, against 332.980;
i Puget Sound soekeyes. 114.471, against 166.569;
¦ Frazer River. 62.743, against 204.S49.
! RICE — The general feeling Is firm. The sec
! retary of the Rice Association of America
i estimates this year's crop of Louisiana and
i Texas at not over 4,000.000 bags. The crop
• last year was about 5.0CO.00O. and. the home
; consumption 4. 500,000 bags. The mills In the
• South are holding for a better market and the
! New Orleans market is reported qutte strong.
• Receipts of Produce.
i FOR THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 17.
I Flour, qr sks. . .15.320! Screenings, ska.. 1,1831
: Wheat ctls 2.771! Feed, sks 33ft
: Barley, ctls 67,086'Tallow ctls 2:7
OatB, ctls «2j Leather, rolls ... 3S7
i Corn (West), ctls 1.3711 Hides. No 335
Rye ctls lfialPelt?, No 5S5
i Beans, sks 2.197' Lime, bbls 273
: Potatoes, sks ... 3,73t!'Paper reams ... e35
• Onions sks. 3391 Quicksilver, flsks. 19
l Middlings, sks .. 20O|Wine gals 45.550
I Hay. tons 399! Chicory, bbls ... 50
• Straw ton* 1! Sugar ctla 940
I Hops, bales 25*>' Raisins, bxs 4.9<:0
I Wool, bales .... 265| Brandy, gals 400
All kinds of Potatoes stood as previously
quoted. Salinas Burbanks were- in good re
quest at steady rates, while river kinds
showed no improvement. ' A carload of Sweeta
came In and was readily marketed at the re
cently advanced quotation. . Fancy Onions
•were in limited supply and prices had a,fur
ther advance, while there was practically no
market for off stock.
Miscellaneous vegetables were generally in
; good supply and most kinds were Inclined • to
: easiness. 'Wax Bear.s and Egg Plant «were
exceptions, those descriptions being in light
; receipt and higher. Green Peas arrived freely
1 from Los Angeles, but prices were well main
! tained. Summer Squash from the game region
sold at 75c per 20- lb box. \
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river 40®
C3c per ctlj Salinas Burbanks. $1 10®K35 per
•ctl; River Reds. t;O§70c per ctl; Sweet Pota
, toes. 85c per ctl.
; ONIONS— ?2®2 25 per ctl for fancy and
$1 25@1 50 per sack for off grades.
VEUETAULF.S— Green Peas. 5ff«c per lb;
String Beans. 3JJ4c per lb; Wax Beans, 6®7c
String Beans, ."t#lc per lb: Wax Beans, 4^5c
pe r lb; Lima Beans, 4@5c per lb: Tomatoes,
4C@S5c per box; Summer Squash, $1@1 25 per
box; Cabbage. 60c per ctl; Carrots. 75c per
sack; Cucumbers, 25t?50c per box; Garlic, 4%
(?5c per lb: Egg Plant. $1 25@1 50 per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Peppefs. 25@
40c -per. box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash,
$10@12 per ton for round lots.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Woman Accused of Embezzlement.
A warrant was procured from Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of Mrs. Laura Lasere on a charge
of falony embezzlement. She is ac
cused by the Pommer-Eilers Music Co.
with e/nbezzling a piano valued at
$167, which she purchased on the in
stallment plan on November 1. The
piano cannot be found and Mrs. La
sere claims that it was destroyed by
a fire in her house, but it is said that
the adjuster for the insurance com
pany saw the piano after the nre and
it was not damaged. Mrs. Lasere ia
a familiar figure in the police courta
and a few months ago she appeared
as her own counsel in Judge Mogan'a
court on a charge of petty larceny
preferred against her by a clerk in
the office of the San Francisco Gaa
and Electric ComnanV.
North Aratr 4,700 107 105 106Vi
PaciHc Mail 2.300 49- 47% 49
People's Gas 5.700 109% 10S>4 109
Pressed St Car 100 35 35 34 % |
Pressed St Car pfd 300 83% 83% *¦"{%
Pullman Pal Car 228 ;
R?pub Steel 17.S00 16% 16 16% i
Republic Strel pfd.. 1.700 66 63% 65^ j
Kubber Goods 3,100 25% 24 24-,i j
Hub Goods pfd - •*'
Tenn C A. I 22.400 77% 75% 76J4
C S Leather 79.900 14% 14^4 14%
V S Leather pfd .., 4.100 93Vi 94»i 95
O S Realty 2.700 £2% 82 |2%
U S Rubber 11.400 33% 31 32% j
T S Kubbcr rfd .. 4.400 88 86 S»
r S Steel CS.500; 27% 2«% 27%
V S Steel pfd 65,100 SS 86% 8.%
W^stir-s El-c 200 174% l'*Vi» l«*Vi
Western Union "*
To:al sales 1,700.700.
New York Bqpds.
r S r*f 2« reg-.104%!L & N' unified *s.103>4
Do coupen 101%! Man con gold 4s.10j
Do 3s re? 104%iMex Central 4s... «^%
Do coupon 104%! Do 1st lnc 24
Do new 4s rer. 130% Minn & St L 43. 97
Do coupon ;30%!m. K & Texas 4i.lC2;4
Do old 4s reg.UWHI Do 2ds S6%
Do coupon lOTHlNR of Mex con 4a 81% .
Atcn gen 4s l(rJ a ;!N Y C gen 3%s..lOO% ,
Do adj 4s 03% iN J C gen 5s.... 135%
Atlantifc C L 4«. B0«]Nar Paclfio 4s 105
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103%i Do 3s 5
Do 3»is 93V Nor & W con 4s.101h
Ccr.tr3l of Ga 5s.lll%iO3L. 4s & partic.l<H%
Do 1st Inc.:... 9o»;: Pa cony 3%s 103\l
C^es & Ohio 4!is.lO7 [Reading pen 4«...102Vi
Chi & Alton 3%». S1%!S L 4 I M con'6s.H5%
C. B & Q new 4s.lO0'VS L 4 S F ft 4s. 90
CM & f=P gn 4s.U0U'St Louis SW 1st*. 9S
C A: XW con 7s. 128 'i- Seaboard A L 4s. 85
C VS. I & Pec 4e. 82%'So Pacific 4s C6
Do col &¦ 9T>ii'So Railway 5s 118%
r.C.C & SI^?n 45.101 !Tex A Pac 1st?.. 121
Chi Term 4s ¦ S4 | To!. St L & W 4s. SI
Cons Tobacco 4s. 81%: Union Pacific 4J.106
Colo Ac So 4s S9 I Do conv 4s 113V4
C F & I con 5s. S2%!U S Steel 2d 5s.. S3%
Den & Rio G 4S.1C1U! Wabash lets US
Krie prior lien 4s.l<H%i Do deb B C9%
Do gen 4a 02 !W & L Erie 4s... 02%
F W & D C lsts.lll !wij Central 4s... 92%
Hock Val 4i.'.*...110%l
Now York Stocks.
Adams Con ..... 25' Little Chief 05
Alice 70'Ontario •"* "
Brwe 12!Ophir 2 20
nruc Ccn 12' Phoenix IS
Com Tunnel 08'Fotosl 07
Con Cal & Va... 1 75'Pavage 20
Horn Silver 1 55 Sierra Nevada C6
Iron Silver 2 10 1 Small Hopes 2S
Leadville Con 02! Standard 1 SO
Boston Stock* and Bonds.
Money — iU S Steel 27%
Call loans 2g:i%| Do pfd »7%
Time loans 4^3 I Westing Common. S6
Bonds — ( I Mining —
Atehison 4s 101 >j Adventure 6
Do alj 4s 93 Allou^V 19 *»
M<rx CVntral 4s... 71 lAmal Copper 80%
Uallroacis— lAmer Zinc 13V
AtchU-un 854! Atlantic 'J0\
Do pM lOHUJBingham 36%
Boston & A!bany.2u2'.*; Calumet & Hecla.C95
& Maine.lt£ /(Centennial 30%
Boston Elev 154 I Copper Range ... 73%
Fitchburg pfd 140 I Daly West 14%
Mex Central 21»i!Dom Coal 62
N Y, N H & H..19S I Franklin . . .„ 12
Union Pacific 115%; Grancy 5T4
Miscellaneous — (Isle Royale 31 \
Amer Arce Chem. 20 JMass Mining ~%
Do pfd 81 4! Michigan JOS
Amer Pr.eu Tube. S^IMchawk 50%
Ame r Sugar 149 Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Do pfd 140 (Old Dominion ... 2S*4
Arrer Tel & Tel.l4454'Osceo:a 96%
Amer Woolen ... 21 >-i! Parrot 33
Do pfd SOU Quincy 120
Doni Iron & S... 17%! Shannon 7%
Ed Elect Ilium.. 243 (Tamarack 138
Gen E'.ectrtc ISO I Trinity 16«
Mass Electric 14* ID S Mining 24%
Do t'fd 5«s' IC S Oil 12^1
Ma.=5 Gas 41 U, I Utah 46%
United Fnilt 1 r.5 4 ! Victoria 5-*
Un Shoe Mach ... 57 : 12
Do pfd ; 23%! Wolverine 10S
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money. ..87 15-16; N Y Central 130
Do acct 88 I Nor & Western... 76%
Anaconda 6%! Do pM 94 Vt
Atclrfson .->. . 87%iOnt & Western... 43
Do pfd 105 : Pennsylvania 70%
Bait & Ohio KO^iRand Mines 11
Can Pacific V.C.I+ 1 Reading 34%
Ches A- Ohio 50%, Do 1st pfd 44\
Chi Great West-. 25V Do 2d pfd 40%
Chi, Mil & St P.177 !So Railway 36%
D» Beers IS*; : Do pfd 98
Den & Rio G 34% So Pacific 6.<$
Do pfd *74'Union Pacific 11H%
Erie 3»v Do rfd »«4
Do 1st pM 7«%1C S Steel 27^
Do 2d pfd 54»-' Do rfd S9>4
111 Central 15.1 IWabash 24%
Louis & Nash 14.1 I Do pld 47%
M. K & Texas... .T3%' Spanish 4s S7%
Bar ellver — Steady^ 2ti 7 A,d per ounce
Morey— is;©2i« per cent.
Tne rate of discount in the open market for
*hort bill? i* 3 p«-r cent and for three
months' bills 2 "13-1C63 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— To-day's stats
mer.t of >the treasury shows available cash
balance $1 43,361, 330; gold, $S4,338,»47.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 17.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, export, SOc; milling. 8.1c. Eastern
market: Bluestem, 85c; valley, 87%c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 17.— Wheat— Unchanged;
club. Soc.
New Y'ork Grain and Produce
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,800 'barrels; exports, 57.S00 barrels.
Steady.
WHEAT — Receipts. 15,900 bushels. Spot
easy; No. 2 red. $1 02% r. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth. $1 24^ f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. $1 06 f. o. b'. afloat. Selling
pressure was brought to bear on wheat to-day
and prices collapsed, forcing heavy liquida
tion by 'Wednesday's buyers. Last prices
showed a %c net decline. May closed $1 13%;
July closed $1 12%; December closed $1 17 a «.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDKS— Firm. /
PETROLEUM— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR — Raw. stronger; fair refining, 4%c;
centrifugal, it! test, 4%c; molasses sugar. 33 s c;
refined, strong.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady at a net
decline of 5 to 10 points. Sales, 6S.250 bags.
December, 6.bO©695<j; January, 7.00c: March,
7.10^7.23c; May. 7.-C37.43c; July, 7.50 / a7.65c;
September. 7.63j&7.70c Spot Rio, qoieter. No.
7 invoice, 8 7-lt*c: mild, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market wa»
easy. Common, a^'a-t'-.c: prime, -4%®4?ic;
choice^ &&5%c; fancy, CJjtific.
PRUNUS— Spot prunes are in moderate de
mand for domestic account, Oregon fruit is
pretty well cleared up and firm, while Cali
icrnia, grades are in good supply and steady.
Quotations for the latter range from 2c to Cc,
according lo size.
APKICOTS — Enow no new feature and are
stHl held at U%$rlOc for choice, 10«431tt%c tor
exira choice and 11513c for tancy.
J'EACKtS — Are In light demand, but ho!«
firm with choice quoted ux Vb^Mc, %£U+ cin.».t
at -jliUlvc and tancy at lO'/gllc.
New York Metal Market.
NEV/ YORK. Nov. 17. —^The metal market
showed less activity to-day. Prices are pretty
well held and in some Instance* slight ad
vances were noted, but the general upward
movement appears to have beon stopped pend
ing fresh development*. The London copper
market was a little higher, closing at £65 17s
CU for SDOt and £66 7s 6d for futures. The
local carket was quiet and without change at
$14 37 «-..'{! 14 67% for lake; $14 50$14 75 for
electrolytic, and $14 2S&14 62% for casting.
The London tin market also reported a
slight adrar.ee at £132 12s fid for spot and
£132 2s 6d for futures. Locally the market
wu quiet and a shade lower on the outside
prices or at 528 87%JT29 20.
Lead was unchanged, with quotations rang
ing from $4 ao$4 30 in the local market. Lon
den was off a little, closing at £12 17s 6d for
spot.
The LnnUon spelter n-.arket waa firm at £23
2* d. Locally the spelter market was a
cha.de higher, closing at $5 .'053 60.
All descriptions under this head remain as
before quoted, with quiet and featureless
markets.'
BEANS — Bayos. $2 75@3: Pea. nominal;
Butter. $3®3 25: small White, $3 15@3 30;
large White, $2 40@2 65; Pink. $2 75@3 15;
Red $4 25©4 50: Lima. $4 15@4 25; Red Kid
neys, $4 50; Blackeyes. $2 60(32 75 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 85^2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 75@5; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax, ?-•©_ 73; Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa, 15%@16%c; R^pe. 1%@2%c;
Timothy, 5*ic; Hemp. 3%@3»ioper 1b; Millet.
2%<g3tic; Broom Corn Seed. $20<g21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75ig2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75®2 50 pe r ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Influenced by the break In wheat prices
and by the declining premiums at the sample
tables, the corn market developed considerable
weakness. The market closed near the- lowest
roint of the day. December closed at 50ft@
60%c. a loss of
Oats were steady In view of the weakness of
other grains. December closed unchanged at
Provisions were firm, early in the session,
but later tha market weakened in sympathy
with grain. At the closing pork was off 7*_e,
lard was down 2 Vic and ribs were "V-ji&^o
lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December ... 1 12% 1 12"* 1 10% 1 10%
May X 12% 1 12% 1 11 - 1 11
July 99 99 97% 97%
Corn No. 2 —
December ... 61 V, 61 *_ 60% 60%
May 40% 46% 45% 46
July 46% 46% 45% 45%
Oata No. 2 —
July 31*4 31% 31% 81%
November .... .... 23>i
December ... 23 29% 2S % &%
May 81% 81% 31H 31%
Mess Pork r>er bbl—
January 12 77% 12 77% 12 62% 12 65
May 12 77% 12 82% 12 70 12 70
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 7 10 7 10 7 05 7 05
May 7 25 7 25 7 20 7 20
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 57% 8 57% 6 57% 6 52%
May ; 6 70 6 70 0 W 6 65
Cash Grain and Provisions,
CHICAGO, Nov. 17 — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour easy. No. 2 spring wheat,
fl 10@l 13; No. 3 $1 0S@l 11; No.' 2 red.
$1 14H©1 16; No. 2 corn. 64e; No. 2 yellow,
58c; No. 2 oats, 31»ife32%o; No. 2 white, 32c:
No. 3 white. 31$32.; No. 2 rye, 79%c; good
feeding barley, 3Sg3S%c; fair to choice malt
ing. 4_tj.2c: no. 1 flax seed, $1 II; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 IS: prime Timothy seed,
$2 70; mess pork per bbl.. $1 10@l 15; lard,
per 100 lbs.. $6 97'%@7: short riba sides (loose).
$6 S5®7 12; short clear sides (boxed), $6 67V 2 @
7; -whisky, basis of high wines, $1 24; clover,
contract grade, $12 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,800 18,400
Wheat, bushels 84.000 218.600
Corn, bushels 207,400 10ti.S00
Oats, bushels 91,700 168.MH)
Rye. bushels 11.000 " S.90O
Barley, bushels 77,000 2O.S0O
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. ie@21c: dairies, 15@21c; eggs,
strong at mark. 17Q2oc: cheese firm; 7@10%c.
CATTXE, SHEKP AXD HOGS.
Chicago. .
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
13,000. including 3000 Westerns; market steady.
Good to prime steers. $5 85<i?ti 90; poor to me
dium. $3 5O@6 70: stockers and feeders, 92 50
04 15; cows. $1 30<S4 30; heifers. $1 75@5 25:
ranners. $1 25@2 45; bulls. $2@4 25; calves,
$3 5OS7; Western steers. $305 10.
HOGS— Receipt*. 25.000: to-morrow, 32.000;
market fully 5c higher. Mixed and butchers,
$4 70^4 92%; good to choice heavy. $4 !?."__:
rough heavy. $4 50® 4 75; light. $4 63@4 82%;
bulk of sates. $4 75©4 S5.
SHEEP — Receipts. 18,000; sheep strong:
lambs steady; good to choice wethers. $4 25
©4 90; fair to choice mixed. 53 50®4 25: West
ern sheep. $3®5: native Iambs, $4 33® 6 15.
Western lambs. $4 5065 80. J
• Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 7000, Including 300 Southerns: -market
steady to strong. Native steers, $3 50® « 25;
Southern «teers, 52 50<g4 25: Southern cows.
Jl fxKj.3 25: native cows and heifers. $1 50@
5 25: stockers and feeders, $2 25<§4 15; bulls,
$1 75-53 5«; calves, $-<??6; Western steers, $3@
4 75: Western cows, $1 25S3 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 11.000; market strong:
bulk of sales. $4 60@4 85. Heavy. $4 65*14 fo;
packers. $4 7534 85; pigs and lights. $4 V.'.fi
4 75.
SHEEE — Receipts, 3000: market strong. Mut
ton*. $3 7504 60; lambs. $4 25^5 S5; range
wethers. $4'ai 75; ewes. $2 5ftg4.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb.. Nov. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 4000; market generally steady. Native
-teere. $406 25: cows and heifers, $2 5OS4:
Wet-tern steers, $2 9O_t4 75: Texas steers, $2 75
©3 65: range cots and heifers. $2 25^3 5'J:
canhers, $1 75<S2 25: stockers and feeders. $2 40
«H: calves. $2 .'¦<>'? 5 50; bulls and stags, $_i»
3 85.
HOGS — Receipts. 6500; market 5c higher.
Heavy, $4.63€4 75; mixed, $4 65@4 70: light,
4 6004 70; pigs, $4@4 50; bulk of sales, $4 60
@4 7O
SHEEP — Receipts 9000; market steady to
strong. Western yearlings.- $4 2flft4 65; -weth
er*. $4 1O®4 50; ewes. $3 9O«g4 50: common
and stockers. $2 50@3 25: lambs, $5 50<g5 70.
The feature of the market yesterday wu
that good, clean Hay formed the bulk of the
receipts, an agreeable change from the condi
tions heretofore ruling. The market, however,
continued dull and unchanged. There was
nothing new In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— *1S@19 p«r ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 50@_S per ton.
SHORTS— $18@19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23@24 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $:« 5C@32 50;
Jobbing 533; Cocoanut Cake. $23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal. |24g25; Corn Meal. $31(S31 50;
Cracked Corn. $31 50<g32; Mixed Feed. $22 50®
23: Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10®15; Wheat and Oat. $10®
14; Oat $9®12; Barley and Oat, $S^H: Volun
teer Wild Oat $7!gl0: stable. $9©10; stock.
$5 50@7; Clover. $7610; Alfalfa. $9312 per
ton. • - ' . ,
STRAW — 356 COc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. ja^Rlce Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 60; extra crtira do. $3 60;
Oat Meal $*; Oat Groats. (4 25; Hominy.
?3 604/3 83; Buckwheat Flour, J4 25; Cracked
Whpat ?3 75; Farina. $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. *t> 75©7 50; Hf
eacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Petfs,
boxes. $5 60; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER IS, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
. AI) y^^y jSEVTENTS.
________ ___
UITXTliO STATES BSAHC3Z.
OF THE •
COXDITIOX* AXD AFFAIRS
or the
! London Guarantee and Accident Company
(LIMITED.)
OF LONDON. IN ENGLAND, ON THEJ
31st day of December, A. D. 1903. and for
the year ending en that day. as made to '.nt-
Iusurance Commissicner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
, 810 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
1 as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
AS6ETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $1.14«. 542 7«
Cash In Company's Office 1.730 a 2
Cash In Backs 123,700 00
Interest due and accrued on Bends
and Mortgages 13.1S4 SI
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection - 183.74- »4
Twal asseU 11.478.903 33
LIABILITIES. "~"
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense Jl<*.9«.i 33
Losses resisted, including expenses 12,875 OO
Grc-s premiums on Risks running
one year or less. (833.199 34; re-
insurance 50 per cent 448,039 77
Gross cremiums on Risks running
more than one year. J1S.018 14;
reiniurar.ee pro rata 14.931 72
Special reserve for unpaid losses.. 353.930 00
Commissions and brokerage due
to become due 62;90_ 71
Contingent Reeerre (Liability De-
partment) 10O.000 0O
All other Liabilities 27.7*4 54
Total liabilities jl.0-3,00. 10
INCOME, ~
m»t cash actually received for
I premiums $1.1»4.991 9.
I R<K_-elved for Interest and dividend-
or. Bond-, -tocks. Loans and
trom all <>«»« sources -3.870 23
Total Income $1,233,862 19
EXP-_NT>rrri_Ea.
-Net amotin! paid for Leases $ 473.421 44
! Remitted to Home Of flee 4«,6O7 U
' Paid or allowed for Commission
or Broker-** - - - -- 322.406 _S
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
1 charges tor officers, clerk-, etc.. B3.939 12
i Paid for State. National and Local
! Taxes • ••• 1T.348 73
I All other payments and expendl-
I tures 201.144 OT
Total expenditures 91.11S.7S7 11
A W. MASTERS. United Statea~_tanag«r.
Subscribed and sworn to Mtore me, this 33th
day of January. 1904.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public
ACCIDENT AND LIABILITY LINES.
EDW. C. LANDI3.
General Agent,
416-418 California st.. San Franelaco. Cal.
OCEAN TKAVKL.
1
*<{¦ iS'N. Steamers leave Broadvar
/ySji^-^SoS. wharves (piers 9 and 11>.
'' jCEtr^ ** n Francisco:
faj W9 V*\ For Ketchlkan. Wrv-.pl.
11 VlE^H^ I I J«n««a. Trea_w»-l», Ilatar*.
I \ \«^A I I Ska^way. «tc. Alaska— II
i va vr^^*_f/ •- "»- iior - i - «• "• ia » n -
' V*_SJ* _^w/ Dec - *• Cn* 1 ** to this
\Kt^_r^_/ cccpanyi steamers at 8*at-
for V ictoria. Vaaoouver. Port TowTunnd.
1 Beattle. Tacoma. Everett. South Belllngharn.
! Bclllneham — 11 a. m.. Nov. 1. «. 11. IX 21.
I _3. Dec. 1. Charge at Seattle to this com-
I pany*a steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at
I Seattle ar Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
i to c. p. Ry-
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
¦ n m.. Not. «. 12. IS. 24. 3a Dec. 6. Corona.
1 30 i>. m.. Not. 3. », 13. 21. 27. Dee. 3w
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles a&4
P.edondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— •
fcanta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. - *
State of California. Thursday*. 9 a. na.
For Z>o> Anjcelea (via San Pedro and Saat
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Sioo-
> t«rey. San Simeon. Cayucoe, Port Karford tS__
' Luis Obispc). Ventura and Hueneme,
i Bo nit a, 9 a. m.. Nor. 7, 13. 23. Zm. 1.
Coos Bay. 9 a. ro.. Not. 3. 11. 19, IT, Deo. S.
For Envenada. Uagdalena Bay. San Jos* del
¦ Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
: taiia. Ouaymas (MeT.). Jo a. m.. 7th each zno.
For farther Information obtain fold>r. itl«*>:
U rvaerved to chanice »t?amer- or ratlin* daiea.
yxCg-HT OITTCXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery St. (Palaee Hotel), 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Trelfrfct Of_c« 10 Market *t.
"C. D. DUNANN. General Pa-scager Agent.
10 Mar_«t «t.. San Francisco.
The Paeifle Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. w!!l
1 call for and check barxase from hotels ani
residence*. Telephone Exchange 312.
8 8 AL-VMEDA. for Honolulu, Nor. 19. II A.M.
S 8. MAHLPO9A. for Tahiti. Nov. 23. 11 A.M.
s' S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auc*-
"'land and Sydney. Thursday, Dec. 1, 2 P. M.
I IJ. _PH-HLS 4 B-Ql Ca . i2H,TlC_!t O3 513 ft: -
; ieL Fniz_t cs_3 3.7 lar_« su Pin 7. p__3: ;i
COXFAaSIZ 6X5X3-1.- T3A53 .17_A5r;i31
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PAKI3 _ju»w
ealliag every Thursday instead of -jS.rrTU
Eaturd-y. at 10 a. m.. from Pier # •vf-
42. North River, foot of Morton st.
First elaaa to Havre. <7o and upward. See-
; end class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL ACENCI FOR UNITED STATES A-<D
CAN AD* 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Torkl* J. F. FUGAZI i Co^ PaclSc Coast
i A_entJ. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisc-,
1 T)cH>t» w!<1 by all RaHrog^ Ticket Agents.
Fox V. B. Nary Yard aad VaBelo.
Strs. General Fxisble. MontlceQo and Arrow,
9:45 a.a_. 12:_0 p.m.. 3:» p.m. « p.n_, S:30 ».
m . Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 «.n_.
12 JO p.m.. « P-n__ »:3Op-__. Leave VaUeJo. J
a.m.. a a.m-. 12:3Op.m.. 3:15»-n_.- «d_=_. s»__-
dav*. 7 a-m.. 9 a-m.. 3:20 p-a-.. *»-»_- Pier 1
"y«._--. i- - ______ _-a_a ISC-. HATCH E-
AUCTION SALES
jfe. fe>
75 Horses for Sale
' L V. BUTTON will sell at PCBLIC AUC-
TION HOUSES, broken and
unbroken, weighing from 1C0O to 130O pounds.
Vhls U the fourth and !a*t consignment of
the double square horses which will be) sold
at auction thls.se__on and are the best all-
purpos^ horses ever offered for sale on th:»
market.
Rale Takes Place
TUESDAY. Nov. 22. at 11 a. a., ax
J. B. HOIIAVS SALEYARD.
CORNER T^NTH aai BRYANT STS.
Horses can be $een at yards from Saturday
until day of sale.
*2 AUCTION £s>
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1304. at 11
o'clock.
At the Livery Stable of ADOLPR DOBRZEN-
SKY. NEWMAN, Cal.
4O HEAD MULES,
Property of P. H. HOARE.
Weighing from lOOrt pounds to 125O pounds.
AH well broken. To be sold without reeerre.
L. G. CATEN. Auctioneer.Judge Seawell yesterday sustained
the demurrer of the board of trustees
of the police relief and- pension fund
to the amended petition of Hettie T.
Eurke for a writ of mandate to com
pel the payment of J 596. As the pe
titioner declined to amend again,
judgment was given for the defend
ant. The sum sought by Mrs. Burke
¦was the amount paid into the fuud
by her husband at the rate of $2 a
month for twerrty-four years. After
serving as policeman and corporal for
twenty-nine years Burke was retired
in January. 1903, and died a month
later. His wife contended that h» had
never received any pension and that
she was entitled to the amount paid
In.
Mrs. Burke Loses Pension.
noruett'n Extract of Vantlla la the
leader all the world over. Use no other. *
The Board of Supervisors was re
quested to amend the ordinance reg
ulating the purity of milk so as to
make it apply to cream also.
The board adopted a new style of
badge for health officials.
The designation of E. G. Kendall as
laboratory assistant was changed to
assistant in the pure foodMepartment.
The superintendent of the pure food
department was directed to make
chemical analyses of all foodstuffs.
The attention of the United Rail
roads was called to the necessity of
;rongs at the corner of Fillmore and
Fulton streets and Fillmore street and
Golden Gate avenue.
The board also ordered the vacation
of lodgings at 134. 136 and 13 8 Wav
erly place and 22 Washington place
and a stable at 1715 Sacramento
street. The owners of premises at
2:220 Eighteenth avenue and 140 S
street south were cited to appear No
vember 20 next to show cause why
they should not be condemned and
vacated.
The Health Board yesterday or
dered two dairies .at 28 and 211 Berlin
street to be vacated within ten days
on account of their dangerous and un
sanitary condition. A number of citi
zens appeared and complained that
the dairies could not be altered to
comply with the ordinance because
there is no sewer in the locality. E.
and G. Giannini are the owners of the
dairies.
Requests Supervisors to Amend Milk
Regulations So They Will Also
Apply to Cream.
HEALTH BOARD ORDERS
TWO DAIRIES VACATED
Chief Mehan of the Chinese Bureau
reports that he will deport' more than
100 Chinese by the Manchuria next
Saturday. Of these, t forty-four are
men from the St. Louis Exposition and
six- are women who were found to be
slaves. , . . . . . . .s
Bis Batch Deported.
The board ordered an investigation
of the complaint of the Central Im
provement Association relative to the
Impassable condition of Corbett
avenue.: : "
Contracts for street work 'were
awarded to Flinn & Treacy and Wil
liams & Belser/ .
The Board of Works yesterday
adopted the recommendation -. of the
City Engineer that, the fees charged
property owners for surveys for the
construction of curbs and stone side
walks be reduced by one-half be
cause they are now excessive and
burdensome. The board directed the
official named to submit a - new
schedule of reduced fees.
The board ordered signs on the top
of a building at 312 Sixth street to be
removed. . , "\
\VTLL REDUCE THE FEES
FOR STREET SURVEYS
One of the best amateur boxing ex
hibitions of the year will be held to
night at . Woodward's Pavilion under
the auspices of the San Francisco
Athletic Club. George Peterson and
"Rough House" McDonald, the two
dashing welterweights, are carded for
the main event. Harry. McCloud and
Harry Tenny will meet for the- ban
tamweight championship of the coast.
Frank Gorman :and. Harry Riley, a
likely pair of welters, are also pro
grammed. The rest of the card , is
made up of some of the best boys in
the business. Alex Greggains will
referee all the mills.
Clever Boxers Meet To-Night.
Those who took part were Dr.
Eykes, Miss Irene Palmer, Mrs. D. E.
Rees, Miss Somers, Mrs. Vanvales,
Miss Pearl T. Hossack and Miss Da
vis. The parlors were crowded and
the sales will be sufficient to enable
the ladies of the Endeavor Society of
the church to purchase a great Christ
mas tree and do many, other kindly
acts that will go toward making Yule
tide a happy event in the case of
needy children.
The bazaar held in the parlors of
the Greek-Russian Cathedral was
brought to a close last night with a
delightful programme of instrumental
and vocal music contributed by sev
eral ladies and gentlemen who have
taken a great Interest in the affair.
Bring Affair to Delightful Close
With Entertainment.
Ladles of Greek-Russian Church
BAZAAR PROVES DECIDED
FINANCIAL SUCCESS
Judgment Against "Ollle" Tobln.
Default Judgment was secured yes
terday in Justice of the Peace Dan
iel's Court by J. J. Dolan from O Hie
Tobin for $147. Dolan as assignee of
the "Poodle Dog" restaurant sued
Tobin for goods furnished at his re
quest. Tobln was not represented in
court.
A remedy especially designed for the
treatment of all kidney, liver, stomach
and bowel troubles is I/ash's Bitters. •
The members of the Pacific Coast
Forestry, Fish and Game Association
held a meeting yesterday for the pur
pose of electing officers and planning
for the exhibition to be held in this
city from February 21 to March 12,
1905. The affair will be an elaborate
one and one of the important events
of the year. The. following ofHcers
were elected:
President, William Greer Harrison;
vice president, James D. Phelan;.
treasurer, J. Steinhart; executive com
mittee — Charles J. Aiken, W. W.Van
Arsdale, William McMurray, A. J.
Treat. H. C. Tibbitts, Albert Van der
Naillen Jr., Alexander ¦ Vogelsang,
Charles J. Wheeler, William Greer
Harrison, James D. Phelan, J. Stein
hart; publicity . and promotion com
mittee — Charles S. Aiken, George T.
Marsh, William McMurray, A. Van der
Naillen Jr. x
Pacific Coast Forest, Fish and Game
Association Getting Ready for a
Biff Display.
OFFICERS ARE APPOINTED
FOR A NOVEL EXHIBITION
William R. Wheeland, brother of
the late Samuel "Wheeland and one of
his heirs, has filed an opposition to the
application of the administratrix for
permission to sell the stock of the
Wheeland Brick Company at 50 cents
a share. He declares that the stock
is worth 51, will soon be paying divi
dends and that the company is on a
profit making basis. He says a new
drier has been installed that will give
the plant a capacity of 10,000,000
bricks a year and that & contract has
been made for 4,000,000 bricks for the
new library at Stanford University,
upon which the profit will be $1 50
per thousand. Wheeland declares
that there is nothing to fear from, the
"brick trust," because, as he says,
Gray . Bros, have the contract for
building the Southern Pacific tunnel,
which will take all the ! bricks pro
duced by the trust.
Xot Afraid of Brick Trust.
Robert Smith, president of the La
Grand National Bank of Oregon and
a prominent lumberman. Is at the
Palace.
I. H. Brotherton, a mining man of
Denver, who Is engaged in the United
States courts in this city in several
big mining suits, arrived- at the Palace
yesterday.
'¦ Among the recent arrivals at the
Palace is Henry McCracken, a wealthy
resident of Portland, who for many
years represented the Hawaiian Isl
ands in the north as Consul.
H. H. Edmunds, one of the most
prominent lumberman of Treka and
Northern California, is at the' Grand.
He will be here on business fy some
days.
W. D. Crow, one of the most con
servative business .men of Northern
California, owner of the Treka News,
is at the Palace en route to San Di
ego on business. Mr. Crow, though
a sterling Democrat, Is ; the author of
a striking character study entitled
"Itoosevelt the American." For twen
ty years he has been a philosophical
party leader, a progressive Callfornian
and a thoughtful writer.
George Crocker, accompanied by
his stepson, Alexander Rutherford, E.
C.- Bradley, vice president of the Postal
Telegraph Company, and H. C. Thrall,
a well-known railroad operator of New
York, arrived from the East yesterday
in a private car and are registered at
the St. Francis. Their mission here is
to attend the funeral of the late Mrs.
Crocker^ whose remains will be , in
terred . In Mountain View Cemetery in
Oakland to-day.
Dr. Melville A. Hays, U. S. A., is at
the Occidental.
John S. Carr, a rancher of Salinas,
Is at the Grand.
Dr. N. H. Morrison of Los Angeles
is at the Palace.
T. W. Patterson, a banker of Fres
no, is at the Palace.
Captain Frank E. Bradnell of Eng
land is at the Occidental.
State Senator C. W. Pendlton of Los
Angeles is at the Palace.
Samuel W. Rucker, a merchant of
San Jose. Is at the Palace.
W. J. Hunsaker, an attorney of Los
Angeles,. is at the St. Francis.
R. H. Smith, an oil land owner of
Coalinga, is staying at the Grand.
A. R. Sprague, a well-known lumber
man of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
L. C. Miller of the United • States
Bureau of Forestry Is at the Occidental.
V. S. McClatchey, publisher of the
Sacramento Bee, registered yesterday
at the California.
Emile Engelcke, Inspector In charge
for the Chinese Bureau at San Diego,
is visiting this city.
Dr. George M. Bradfleld, surgeon of
the steamship Mariposa, Is registered
at the Occidental.
. Attorney John W. Mitchell, the well
known Democratic politician of Los
Angeles, is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
Attorney Newburgh, in a brief filed at
the Supreme Court yesterday, makes a
violent attack upon the honesty and
professional conduct of District Attor
ney Byington. It Is alleged that the ac
cused official committed a criminal act
in mutilating a court record. Byington
is not alarmed over the charges.
The trouble arose in the course of pro
ceedings In the case of William Noon,
for whom Newburgh is acting as coun
sel. The defendant was convicted of
burglarizing a house at 503 Mason
street and received a sentence of twen
ty years at San Quentln. An appeal
was taken to the Supreme Court. It is
alleged that Byington cut a page from
the transcript to conceal an error made
by one of his assistants.
District Attorney Bylnjfton Is Ac
cused of Committing Criminal
Act to Conceal Mistake. ,
POLICE COURT LAWYER
MAKES SERIOUS CHARGE
When a man catches up with his
own ideals he has begun to die.
Following close upon the heels of
the resignation of William H. High as
a member of the State Bank Commis
sion comes the announcement from Re
publican headquarters that Guy B. Bar
ham of Los Angeles, also a member of
the commission, will soon dace his
resignation in the hands of "Governor
Pardee, the same to take effect on
January 1.
The announcement that Barham has
decided to retire from office occasioned
some surprise among his friends, but,
like his associate on the board, Mr.
High, he desires to give his entire at
tention to his private business, feeling
that in the battle of the years before
him he will profit more by taking the
step, he contemplates at the opening of
the new year. . :
The demands upon his time as a
member of the Bank Commission, Mr.
Barham told his friends, were so great
that his private interests were being
neglected by him through necessity.
Appreciating the fact that as a public
official the public had. the first de
mand upon his time he permitted mat
ters that required his urgent attention
to wait upon what leisure time pre
sented itself to him In his official ca
pacity. When this leisure time came
he often found that he had sacrificed
his own • interests. Then, philosophiz
ing with himself, he came to the con
clusion that he must either abandon all
of his private business or resign from
office. He decided upon the latter course,
so on the first of the year Governor
Pardee must appoint his successor.
Mr. Barham was appointed Bank
Commissioner In the latter part of 1902,
but during the following session of the
Legislature a bill was passed and
signed by the Governor abolishing the
commission. Barham thus found him
self legislated out of office, but in June
of 1903, after the new banking law, re
organizing the commission, had gone
into effect, he was reappointed and has
held the office up to this time. After
retirement from office he will return to
Los Angeles and devote his entire at
tention to important business under
takings. . .
The salary that attaches to the office
is $3600 a year and with two of these of
fices on his hands and the appointment
of the entire appellate bench, nine
Judges, to be looked after, Governor
Pardee will have ammunition with
which to please eleven of his friends
and, perhaps, displease many more that
fail to be numbered among the winners.
-This gave Campbell the clew and he
collected evidence that convinced him
that J. E. King and Tony Bianci, who
handle these passes for the Grand
Opera-house, the Columbia and Fisch
er's, had been making money by selling
passes.
An employe of the California Theater
was discharged for the same cause.
The three have been acting with keep
ers of small stores, to whom they gave
part of the money received. King and
Bianci did- not appear at the Grand
Opera-house last night. They will be
discharged.
The managers of local theaters have
decided to discontinue giving passes to
small stores for displaying ads, as it
has been discovered that the practice
has permitted grafters to beat the
showhouses out of about $20,000 a year.
This discovery was made by Harry
Campbell, the wide-awake treasurer of
the Grand Opera-house.
A few days ago a woman appeared
with six passes such as are given for
displaying lithographs. Campbell be
came suspicious and told the woman
that they were no good. "Why, they
ought to be," said the woman. "I paid
75 cents for them."
In the afternoon the prisoner waa
taken before United States Commis
sioner Heacock and the complaint
was read to him after he had
been properly identified by United
States Secret Service Agent George W.
Hazen. Judge Heacock set November
23 at 2 p. m. as the time for the pre
liminary examination. Bail was fixed
at $5000, in default of which Cary was
remanded to the custody of the United
States Marshal. The case for the Gov
ernment Is being handled by Charles
M. Fickert, Assistant United States
District Attorney.
Had I teen a poor man. tempted by priva
tion, he could probably find some excuse for
me, but In my case it is just the other way. I
am all the more culpable because I was not In
such a condition. But I had no. criminal In
tent. I am not a professional criminal.. I
might have wronged thousands of people by
some fraudulent scheme with less risk of de
tection and punishment had I been really
criminal, at heart. But I must make up my
mind to bear patiently with all the conse
quences of my acts.
"The newspapers have told all that
there is to be stated," he said yester
day as he sat in Chief Hazen's office.
"I don't know that I can add anything
to what has been published. I don't
know how I got into this thing. It was
wrong, certainly, but what I did was
not as a criminal — not with criminal
intent. I M-as not a gambler and I
didn't drink to excess. I was earning
5100 per month at my profession. The
$3 per diem that I averaged by drill
ing the coins certainly should not have
been any inducement to commit the
crime, for it must be remembered that
I could easily have 'made five or six
times that sum and by the aid of con
federates have . flooded the country
with drilled double eagles. I knew all
along that it was only a matter of
time when I would be caught."
Mr. Cary was smoothly shaved, well
groomed and stylishly dressed. His
manner was calm and at a casual
glance, unconcerned. He said:
Thfere is a peculiar psychological
mystery about the case of James H.
Cary, the young attorney arrested by
Secret Service Agents Hazen and.Fos
ter last Wednesday for drilling double
eagles and extracting gold therefrom.
According t& his own story, he seldom
drank to excess, did not gamble, and
was earning $100 per month in the prac
tice of his profession. If this is true it
was not the pinch of poverty that drov e
him to the crime. Neither was it the
greed of gain, for he satisfied himself
with an average of $3 per day from
his unlawful tampering with coins,
when without very hard labor he
could have realized at least $15 per
day without increasing the chances of
detection. He took a pride in his
work; it was unexcelled in the annals
of counterfeiting. Probably, when the
scheme suggested itself to him— for he
says it was his original conception— it
fascinated .him to such an extent as
to destroy all his flrier moral sensibili
ties. From the moment he was taken
into custody he never attempted to
deny or excuse his crime. Although he
knew that detection was inevitable, he
followed the fascinating pursuit for
three years. In all that period, while,
the Government officers were studying
his tracks trying to make out an un
assailable case against him, he took
but pna vacation from the work and
that was last summer, when he went
to the hop fields for two months, leav
ing his tools behind him. When he re
turned to his room, which was both
workshop and laboratory for him, the
old fascination twined its tendrils
about his soul and held him prisoner
for evil.
Holds He Can Profit More by
Giving Entire Attention
to His Own Interests
He Says He Could Have
Flooded the City With
Bored Coins, but Did Not
Custom of Giving Tickets to
Keepers of Small Stores
Is Now to Be Discontinued
BUSINESS DEMANDS TIME
RESIGNED TO HIS FATE
PAPER WILL BE SCARCE
He Decides to Eesign Bank
Commissionership and Step
Out in January Next
Manager of the Grand Learns
That Employes Have Been
Regularly Selling Passes
Young: Lawyer Fascinated
by His Own Artistic Work
on the Double Eagles
DISCOVERS NEW
GAME OF GRAFT
BARHAM WILL
QUIT OFFICE
COLD DRILLING
CHARMS CARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1904.
16
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
MSS ToTSORES
Awful Suffering of a Boy
from an Itching
Humour. ;
CUBED BUUTIGURA
Not One Square Inch of Skin on
His Whole Body Was
Unaffected.
•' My little son, a boy of fire, broke
out with an Itching rash. Three doc-
tors prescribed for him, but he kept
getting worse until we could not dress
him any more. • They finally fcdrised
me to try a certain medical college, bnt
Its treatment did not do any {rood. At
the time I waa- induced to try Cuticura
Remedies he was so bad that I had to
cut his hair off and 'put the Cuticura
Ointment on him on bandages, as it was
impossible to touch him with the bare
hand. There was not one square inch
of skin on his whole body that was not
affected. He waa one mass of sores.
The bandages used to stick to his skin
and in removing them it used to take
the skin off with them, and the screams
from the poor child were heart-break-
ing. I began to think, that he would
never get well, bat after the second
application of Cuticura Ointment I
began to see signs of Improvement,
and with the third and fourth applica-
tions the sores commenced to dry up.
His skin peeled off twenty times, but it
finally yielded to the treatment. I used
the Cuticura Resolvent for his blood,
and now I can say that he is entirely
cured, and a stronger and healthier boy
you never saw than he is to-day."
ROBERT WATTAM,
4922 Center Ave., Chicago, 111., Dec.
30, 1897.
No return in six years, Mr. Wattam
writes, Feb. 23, 1903.
"Your letter of the 21st in regard to
the case of my little boy at hand. I am
truly thankful to say that the cure
effected by the Cuticura Remedies has
been a most thorough and successful
cure to date."
8 Sold thronrhont th« world. Cntlram Retolrent , »e.
n form of Cuoeolito Ccmted F11U. 33a. per vl»l or 00).
lntmrot, «> 0 .. Somp. iSc. D«poU> London. 17 Ch«rter-
honee Sq.i P.rU. 4 Rue de U Ftixi Bcwton, 1ST Columbui
At*. Pottn Drarcad Chtm. Corp.. Sole Proprietor*,
•3T Mad for '• How to Cure Enry Humour.*
rBEE THIS WEEK — Strong, Durable,
Artistio Metal kutcrackebs- witu
Mixed »nti. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '
20c CALIFORNIA CHEKSE^V lb 15c.
Hew -Walnuts, lb lOc
Best quality California Walnuts; usually 15c
BEST 10c SUGAR PEAS, 5 CANS S^C.
Xiargre Table RaisLns, 2 lbi. . . .' 25c
Beat Fresno Layer Raisins. Worth 25c lb.
MRS. FABER'S JELL OR JAM. 6 GLASSES
65c 1 _
Smrar Corn, Eastern, can..- lOc
Extra choice, tender, youns corn; usually 2
for 25p.
GOOD CAU RANCH EGGS, DOZEN 27^0.
Standard Tomatoes, 3 can* lOc
Large, rlp» Tomatoes; packed this season; full
- size cans. '
PRESSED FIGS. PACKAGE 5c.
Creamery Butter, square . .29c
Eel River Valley Butter; usual site and quality.
BEST CRANBERRIES. 2 QTS. 25c.
Best Java and Mocha Coffee, lb 25c
Highest quality; rich In strength and aroma.
. Usually 35c. ' '¦ ,
SEEDED RAISINS. PACKAGE 5c. '
Thanksgiving* Pies, Mn. Taber'i Home-
made Mince Meat, 3 lbs 25c
Materials, skill and absolute cleanliness make
Mrs. Faber's mincemeat the best obtainable.
COOKING BRANDY. QUART BOTTLE 50c.
McBrayer Whiskey, lialf ffallon. .$1.28
Five year old sample at store, uaually *3 50 gal.
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY, QT. BOT. 75c
Sweet Wines, Extra Special, gul. . . .75c
Port. Sherry, Angelica, Muscatel, usually $1.25.
best~cal7~champagne. pint 46c.
Zlnfandel Sinner Wine, g'al. . . .... -45c
Rich type of red wine. .usually 65c. ¦
¦ 5 BOTTLES~A*s's"ORTED 35c^WINES~$1.00.
New Gooda Special— Nuts, Raisins. Cur-
rants, Cider, Imported Fijrs. Stuffed
Dates, Cranberries, Plnm Pudding 1 , Etc.
1001:Fillmdre St U9>Tayiorl5L
?ark 183 . . . — Phone— - . Howard 1021
AD VERTIS EMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
magninS reliable wear. Jllllik
for WOMEN agd CHILDREN -^BgS^k
Q Children's
J^m i Black Dresses
Mr/>£f at a great reduction
f vtiJ^v in price....
//¦.: : V *^L Owing to broken lines, embracing several
' / i~ :; :^i:-.^w different styles; made of Venetian and
; J - / '••¦ ''-%LS cashmere; some trimmed with taffeta,
*-4__l_>?r others neatly braided: lined throughout;
'X&['0? sizes 8 and 10 years. For Friday anu Sat-
WjV/ urday all have been re- <£J £(\ tt^rh
W . duced to Ldtll
1$ Former prices S2.75, $3.25 and 54-50-
$7.50 Girls' CoatTfoF~$53o I
GIRLS' REGULATION LONG COAT— Made of all-
wool navy cheviot; ornamented with military buttons; belted
; back; tailor stitched; sizes 12 and 14 years. Former price
$7.50. Sale price for Friday and Saturday <?C CZfl
fSale of Misses' and
Small Women's Skirts
Made of all-wool navy and brown mix-
tures; side plaited and trimmed with
tabs; lengths 34, 36 and 38 inches. (See
illustration.) Former price (Pp. tZ(\
$8.50. SALE PRICE &d.DU
OVERSKIRTS, made of all - wool
basket weave, in mixed blue and solid
black; lengths 38 and 40 inches. For-
mer price $8.50. SALECci-n
PRICE *pD»D\J
918-922 Market St. No Branch Stores.
tjuu . rj . __¦,.__ ADVERTISEMENTS. a___
/ Vafy<^ \ Ti n y bK s °f toothsome
1 //a1!f N. I for wee mouths
V //^ \ J HEALTHFUL AND DAINTY.
•^ // M 1 \ At confectioners' and grocer?.
GfflRAKlJSxi'S
y&T Bus er Brown j Band Bows in j &
| ! Linen Collars IZZZII Pretty Silks, the ff
I Special at . . 10c 25c sort at . 10c *
I ; . j£
I Money for You i
I THE TOURIST.... 1
g swagger dressed ! fe|^^i^^v : | S?-^ 1 :! S
» I 'fe& «*•» I '* * s a stunn * n S 5
VL ife^^iiEt v it / • a w
1 Jsi&*a2^ ;> Winter »
I llfl Overcoat f
« Mm&%£fc*' which we picture opposite, ft
ft /lPif^^> f* .just, full ¦¦ of ¦ fetchiness- and W
5 /i-f5^i-^'''W. / nattiness for little chaps be- »
1'W&&^^$tir tween the ages of 2# and 8 »
years. Its prettiness shows «
¦•&£/ itself in the picture. It has jw
a belted back, which is a $
I^^^^^f^^ vcf y swe11 a^ir — has a R
j 5^jj^3^^Y^"> double row of military but- S
r ' :>gWi :^MNfSr^J!i'i^ tons, and in several pretty Jj
£ If •• X'\ ¦ A P° sitivc $5°o "*alue (?
8Lk[ I '^^^^•^v" : S*'^4 which we will have on sale {2v
Am % fe^^i-':-i^r :^^Si f° r Friday and Saturday at /r^j
j| Another one of our big Friday and '5 tt
U Saturday specials will be a line of Jm*^W^-^^^t A H
9 the smartest Winter ideas in J^reJPatBffirclB. . W it
| Sailor Suits _ . §
Ji As we picture opposite, in the new • - W
» shade of BROWN*, which is so swap;- "^^^^P^^^^i^?' *r
9 ger— In the shades of NAVY ana --SSaSw^C^BreBBra »
R ROYAL, very handsomely trimmed. - T^^^^^-;'^^^^S %
f| It Is a $3.00 Serge Sailor and full '^^^'^•W^^\m^^ If
if "Winter weight, and you know how V fs/ SjgjfiSw^^^ \L
9 we build Sailors, head and shoulders Vi )|JH ' JM|^a Jf
» above any Sailor Suit you've ever V« ,WMsfs*M If
Bf sfeen. Full of dash and full of snap r.g ' TCjjrtgF *?\ ?
6 to fit little chaps between the ages ; 'jfl imSf -^-ll ff
jB of v2^4 and 10 years. One price for [ff^ = '»§Sr\ \\ I?
3| For this Friday and Saturday 1 "¦ " ¦ ¦ §
|k ...The Home of the Overcoat... Vy