PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 1CS.
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR OPENS TWENTY
FOURTH ANNUAL CONVENTION IN SAN FRANCISCO
De legations
Include
Women,
PRESIDENT. GOMPBItS SECRETART MORRISON. OFFICERS OF THE EXECU
TIVE COUNCIL AND DELEGATES. OP THE -AMERICAN FEDERATION OF j
LABOR AT THE CONVENTION AT LYRIC HALL.
In giving so much labor information.
J. B. Conroy of St. Louis and C. L.
Shamp of Omaha, both representa
tives of the International Brotherhood
of Stationary Firemen, read N The
Call's special edition before they ar
rived in the city and praised it very
highly. On their train were several
delegates, all of whom purchased as
many copies of* the paper as they
could procure from the news agent.
' . O. A. '.Tveltmoe, the secretary and
treasurer of the State Building
Trades Council of California, yester
day was profuse in his praise of The
Call's Federation ot J Labor edition
that appeared on Sunday morning.
He said the paper was beine sought
for by strangers in the city jand that
it* 1 would be kept by visitors *aa a ref
erence on labor Questions.
Fred Hudson, representing the
Western Central Labor Union of Se
attle," Wash., declared the edition was
one of the finest he had ever read and
one which would be thoroughly ap
preciated by every labor delegate now
visiting on the coast. He is a member
of Typographical Union No. 202.
John W. Morton, president of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen,
said The Call's Sunday morning edi
tion contained more labor literature
than was ever, printed in that number
of pages before and that it was the
intention of Eastern delegates to the
convention to circulate a large num
ber of copies throughout the sections
they represent.
J. B. Dale and L. B. Levitt, who
represent the Labor and Trades Coun
cil of Vallejo, pronounced The Call's
edition splendid. They said the paper
had been read by every laboring man
about, the navy-yards and in the vi
cinity of Vallejo, and that The Call
was the only paper to be seen in the
hands of the delegates at the head
quarters or. at the convention hall.
J. Fitzgerald, who represents the
Waiters' Union of this city, said 'The
Call's special edition was the finest
that ever happened." Fitzgerald has
assisted in entertaining ' a large
number of the visiting delegates and
says that all of them' extend congratu
lations to the paper, for its enterprise
Much Favorable Comment.
Special JLabor Edltlofa the Subject of
PRAISE THE' CALI/S ENERGY.
Mayor Schmitz welcomed i the dele
gates at considerable length .as the
chief magistrate of, San Francisco and
also as a- member of a labor unon.
I President Gompers then made : reply
to the ', addresses of welcome and ; his
address .was frequently cheered. Gom
pers spoke, as follows: r
"I beg to thank you In behalf of the Amezi-
GOMPERS REPLIES.
President Knox of the California
State Federation" of Labor was next in
troduced by the chairman. He began
by welcoming: the delegates to the city
el San Francisco and the State of Cali
fornia and expressed the hope that the
visitors would take advantage of the
opportunity, afforded them by their
visit to see the other cities of the
State. He dwelt upon the work of ; the
State federation and its fight against
the Chinese and Japanese laborer.
Knox urgently^ asked the delegates, to
investigate personally the cheap labor
conditions of the Pacific Coast so that
when the time comes they will rally
to the support of the Western labor
men in their attempt to obtain effec
tive exclusion legislation. He closed
with a tribute to . President Gompers
and the work of the American Federa
tion of Labor in its active representa
tion of over 2,000,000 workingmen.j '
J. Williams, president of the City
Front Federation, spoke a few words
of welcome. and expressed the belief
of the federation in the principles of
advancement of the wage-workers of
the country. , . . .
P. H. McCarthy, followed in a speech
against the Citizens' Alliance,'; Herbert
George- and .the union man who know
ingly handles non-union goods. Mc-
Carthy's remarks were frequently ap
plauded. He welcomed the delegates
to' California and expressed the hope
that many of them would stay. here
after their work .was finished, | because,
as he said, he wanted California built
up by the best people.
"Not the Kind," he continued, "that
are brought here through the manage
ment of notorious scoundrels like Her
bert George; not .the kind brought
here by Murray & Ready, who are
save'd only by technicalities from be
ing behind - prison bars. The open
shop will " not exist in California, no
matter' how many strike-breakers they
bring to maintain it. Their proceed
ings are bad for . workmen, and mil
lionaires alike, , as evidenced, by [ the
late outrages in jColorado. >
"We. have ! no fear of 'the; Citizens'
Alliance, no fear of the open shop, and
I ask you to do one thing— see to it
that you do not pass non-union articles
and try to sell them to union men.
The only way to make this. great or
ganization useful is to have- discipline
and provide the sinews of war. In this
city — probably/ the best 'organized in
the world, I speak for: the building
trades— I will' give you $100 for every
'scab' mechanic you •' find by raking
the city ; over, with a fine tooth comb."
In' your deliberations on behalf of the high and
holy cause of labor. ' • • .
• The men that paved. the way for civiliza
tion here overcame obstacles and'' the prejudice
and- ignorance, of the former Inhabitants. . So
to do we have to contend with these forces.
There Is no charce under the sun. no crime
on the . calwidar with which ¦ the men of the
American Federation have not. been •charged.
We do not claim that any one Join iris the
fedtratlort thereby becomes an ancel or an
archangel. ¦ We have no choice; we must take
the workmen as th»-- are, and If our opponents
charge that they are Ignorant men and some
of vldotw propensities, all that we can say
In answer is that It Is the fault of the greed
of the modern capitalist, who doesn't care
where he goes. ¦ who will rake i the four ¦ cor
ners of the earth to bring in men, so long- as
they work rheao and lane and are d>jlle.
¦ The employer will 'say that his work people
are - perfectly contented. If, men are good
enough to be employed they are good enough
for us to, organize for their . betterment. No
man can say that by. joining an organization
a vicious nian will become more vh-ioua
¦ While stopping over, in Indianapolis 1 had
occasion to visit the various • labor headquar
ters. %While # on the street I met Mr. Parry,
who requested a private talk. I made an ap
pointment to meet him before my train lef C
When I reached ¦ the ' place designated I re
ceived r a phone message from Mr. IJarry gay-
Ing that. the house- of the club to which, he
belonged was burning and that he could not
meet -me. 1 1 quote this merely to show that I
am not certain- but that I shall be charged
with setting fire to the clubhouse. . . .,
The American Federation of Labor stands for
everything that Is ! best ; In the labor move
ment. | -It Is constructive, not destructive. ' It
builds: up ¦ manhood and citizenship. The • rec
ords of -the movement at, the ; homes and fire
sides show our advancement.- It has been our
lot for years in the East to guard against dan
ger, but thanks to Providence and wise thought
organized . labor has "placed vanguards of the
labor movement at , the Golden Gate. ¦ Tour
mission *ls* to guard the gate from those who
would undermine I Western ' civilization.
"We do not object to the China man . because
be Is a Chinaman. Call him 4 by any other nama
" We shall be 'conservative — only 'Just aa far
as is essential to the success of our movement.
no more. We have learned the meaning- of
that, term'and' its various constructions. • •it is
to know what you want and then know you're
right, in wanting It. To.be conservative In
every way" that will help to conserve success
for the achievement of your purpose. That Is
the best .eoncemion to . place upon . the .word.
Be "moderate -in your demands, but radical In
th determination to achieve them. <
We. are honored by your words of 'wel
come and believe we are not vain when we
say that we bring honor to your State. The
men who make up the conventions of the
American Federation of. Labor are men . who
have graduated from the ! factory, the ! work
shop, the mill and the. mine. They, are men
Who have stood the test of ehepmates. and
there is no better place tn this world to find
out t b e character of a man than in | the shop
and at his work. There, If anything- in the
man is mean, it will show Itself.- ¦ '
. To me it is always an Inspiration to meet
the delegates to the national convention. - Mo
matter ; how tired and worn out I am when
I meet 'any delegates I meet men, and I have
an opportunity to drink at the fountain of th«
elixir of life. • ...
can Federation 'of Labor for the sincere words
cf weicoir.e extended to the - federation. It
has betn ihe hope of the delegates for years
that they might some time come to California
and there hold one convention of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor in this great State
and city.
One ; by one representatives of trade unionism
have . come to the coast, but others followed,
and two years ago the executive council of
the federation for the first time in Its history
held, a session in this city. ¦
. It seemed to me typical of the erowth of
this great city and State a* the old maxim
says, "Westward the Course of ' empire
takes Its way."' that a3 the men ot the early
BO'p, -the sturdy pioneers who fought against
tremendous odds, to establish camps, then
boom towns, then villages and after that
cities and t> erf.it i^tate. - I repeat it seems
to me that this growth is typical of the steady
advance of organized labcr in California.
On motion Will J. French of the
Typographical . Union of S^n Fran
cisco was appointed assistant secre
tary of the convention.
The committee on credentials then
made a report.
% Immediately following the report
William G. Schardt, representing the
Chicago Federation of Labor, declared
that his name had not been read and
desired to know if he was seated. He
was informed that the committee
would decide his case at the earliest
possible moment. - "
.Michael Casey was appointed ser
geant at arms and A: E. Smith messen
g-er. , The -various committees for the
two weeks' session were then ap
pointed. •
and we. would still, object to him. -We object
to him because he is a cheap man, and no
progress is posstble .made up of cheap men.
Taking a view of the United States, ot Can
ada and Great Britain, the labor movement is
one. and with Porto Rico it is one. In a
short time this unification will extend to the
Continent, and then and not till then will the
much talked of universal peace be assured.
"While, here we shall attend to the work" of
the convention to the best of our endeavor.
We shall not take away with us anything ex
cept ytmr. good will and. good wlahyfs. and I
hope the re."»pect and confidence of your unions
in our record of work well done tn the inter
fst of laboring people East and West. And
I may further add that I hope kindly ap
preciation may be vouchsafed to the men and
women throughout the nation working in the
cause, of the American Federation of Labor.
Host of Socialists Are Present
in the Gallery.
gates. What he said was in part as fol
lows:
In the name of the organized workers of
Pan Francisco I bid you a hearty welcome to
our city and State. Our homes are entirely
at your disposal, and we trusrt that you. will
<lo us the honor to consider- yourselves not our
guests, but members of our family and house
hoM.
To the delegates representing the American
Federation of Labor In this convention, to the
fraternal vlFilors representing our fellow
trade unionists in Canada and Great Dritain,
and to the representatives of those kindred
nrgranizaticns now assembled in the- common
cause of labor, the trade unionists of San
Francisco extend fraternal, greetings, coupled
with the assurance that, although you may
have traveled far from your own firesides/ you
are still at home in the hearts and by the
hearths of your co-workers in the labor move
ment. . • • -
Trade unionism knows no distinction of race,
color or creed: neither does It know any geo
graphicBi limitations. North, HGUth. east and
wept, in every country and clime. In this year
of grace as in all the years that have passed
away, the hearts of the organized workers
beat in uiiison to > the music of that noblest
Inspiration of the human race, industrial lib
erty and equality.
San Francisco has never failed to raise her
voice in the grand chcrus of the world's
workers, nor to lend her ear In sympathy to
the voices raised from the uttermost corners
of the earth. As we have teen with you In
spirit throughout the rast, eo we are with
you in the flesh to-day — comrades in arm".
brothers and sisters in the noble cause. Long:
may our meeting last, and when the parting
comes, may the fraternal Handshake 'place a
firmer seal upon the union of our hearts.
WALSH GIVES WELCOME.
During- your visit with us it will be our
pleasure to show you some of the beauties of
California, a. State In which nature has com
bined the elements in the production of her
choicest handiwork. The citizens of California
are proud of their heritage of mountain and
valley, of river and field. "We are proud, too,
of our people, the children of the hardy pio
neers of '49. -But, above • and before all, we
ere proud of our labor movement — that struct
ure of our own hands — which, in extent and po
'tency, so fittingly complements the physical
characteristics of our surroundings.
The seed* of that movement were planted by
the giants of the early days- and through sun
shine and storm the crop has prospered ex
ceeding well. It Is our boast, and a justifiable
one I hope you will admit. . that San Fran
cisco Is one of the most thoroughly organized
cities in the United States. We, owe that fact
to the Eoundness of the principles upon which
our work is founded and upon which It has
been conducted. ! Those principles, I hardly
need remind you, , are the principles of the
American Federation of Labor.
It is now sixteen years since the San' Fran
cisco Labor Council, .then known as tha Fed
erated Trades, secured a charter at your hands,
a charter which, bearing the name of your,
and our. honored president, Samuel Gompers,
still traces the hall of the Labor Council, a
charter which has never been disgraced and
which, God willing, shall forever remain with
us as the emblem of our faith and the in
spiration of our hearts and hands.
In 1888, when that charter was granted, the
Labor Council stood here upon the shores of
the Pacific the solitary outpost of the labor
movement separated by a thousand miles irom
the nearest company of our friends. - To-day
we etand in the midst of the great army of
organized labor, the lines of which extead
north, south, east, aye, and west, in un
broken phalanx, ready to do. battle for the
cause in whicfc.we. are enlisted.
During these years many stirring events have
occurred. . but the principles of organized labor
have triumphed over all opposition, whether
from without or from within. In all this we
do not claim any special merit in ourselves.
We recognize, and we here make personal ac
knowledgment ;of the fact, that but for the
support of our fellow trade-unionists in other
parts of the country, organized and federated
under the banner of the American Federation
of Labor, we oould not possibly have . prosper
ed so rlorious»y as we have.
Mr. President and delegates to the conven
tion, I feel that no words of mine, no words,
however eloquent. ; of human r tongue, can ex
press the pride and gratification with -which
the trade-unionists of San Francisco greet you
upon the eve of your labors. I feel, too, that
no formal expression of our regard is aseded.
Let me ask . you in • all : sincerity to take tha
deed for the word. •
Again I bid you welcome, thrice, welcome,
within our- cates. Stay as Ion* as you can
and may the all-freeing One guide and bless you
there were red. white and blue stream-
I ers and shields with the national colors
j emblazoned on them in great profusion
at decorations in all. directions. Red,
white and blue banners depended from
I the center of the ceiling and were
looped up at the sides and ends of the
hall. Each State and Territory in the
United States was represented by a
red, white and blue shield and the
names of the sisterhood of States were
broadcast. Oddly, although there
I were British delegates on the stage,
I the placing of even so much as one
British flag in the scheme of decora
tions seemed to have been overlooked.
At the opening of the proceedings
President Gompers, his associated of
ficers and members of the local' recep
tion committee occupied the stage. The
other delegates sat in the body of the
hall. Long tables were arranged the
entire length of the auditorium. Beside
the tables sat the delegates in opposing
rows, each equipped with writing mate
rial, the general effect being to pro
duce the impression that a great num
ber of resolutions may be forthcoming.
If any delegate wishes to write reso
lutions the facilities are unparalleled.
Every seat in the body of the house
was taken by delegates. Near the door
outside of a railing that was guarded
%vas a fringe of worklngmen who were
interested spectators. Among the dele
gates -were several women. There was
also one negro delegate on the floor,
who rose to say something just before
the noon recess, but he was out of or
der, and a sharp series of raps of the
gavel in Gompers' hands caused him to
subside. The gallery that surrounds the
auditorium on. three, sides was com
pletely filled with spectators. Here also
were a few women, but the great ma
jority of the delegates and nearly all
the spectators were men.
YOUXG MEX NUMEROUS.
They were nearly all young men, two
thirds of the entire number, both in the
delegates' seats and in the galleries,
were 30 years old or less. The youngest
of the delegates is Robert S. Meloney '
of Lawrence, Mass., aged 22 years— the
only delegate from east of Boston.
There were several others not much
older. Gray beards and gray hairs were
known only to a minority, and a small
minority at that.
The first cheers of the day were heard
when Mayor Schmitz climbed to the
stage and faced the audience. Gompers
received a good welcome. He Is smooth
ly shaven, short, stout, wears gold
bowed eyeglasses, a snugly fitting
Prince Albert coat of black, which re
veals a well-rounded figure; on the
fourth finger of his left hand is a hand
some seal tins: on his shirt front glit
ters a large diamond. When he jokes
with the audience he looks as benevo
lent as Mr. Pickwick. When he is ex
cited his voice rises, and the fact that
he has a strong, firm mouth and a
prominent nose Is impressed on the
spectators. Gompers' associates on the
stage were a comfortable looking lot
without exception. They were well
dressed, smiling and enthusiastic.
The two British delegates— Wagnall and
William Abraham, M. P. — have beards.
They looked like conservative business
men as they sat a good part of the day
on the stage. Mr. Abraham frequently
called out, "Hear, hear," when some
thing that pleased him was said.
After Gompers had called the conven
tion to order J. O. Walsh, "< president of
the San Francisco Labor Council, dellv- i
ered an address of welcome to the dele- '
Delegates Are Young Men ;
Gray Heads Are Few.
About 10:20 o'clock yesterday fore
noon Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Labor, brought
dcw-n an ebony gavel with a resounding
thwack on a table in Lyric Hall, and
with that the- twenty-fourth annual
convention of the organization was
called to order.
There have been conventions of the
federation in a number of other Ameri
can cities, but this is the first ever held
in San Francisco. Local interest was
therefore intense. The day was filled
VP with events relating to the federa
tion and the topics that concern It.
In the forenoon there was a "glad
hand'' session, in which welcome was
extended and duly acknowledgfd. In
the afternoon President Gompers, Sec
retary Frank Morrison and Treasurer
John B. Lennon had the floor to them
selves, and they touk up the convention
timf making annual reports.
In the evening a reception t? Presi- i
«;ent* «>o«?H/-: t - was givtji at Piom*er j
Hall by the retail clerks. At ihe Al
hambra a mass-meeting took place, at
tended by the Carmen's Union and
*;ighi branches of the Butchers' Union. I
At Native Sons' Hall the machinists j
gave a high jinks to James OConnell j
and other delegates.
Sessions of the American Federation |
of Labor often are stormy. There was
a sisrn of trouble when the convention
came together yesterday, and there will
undoubtedly be lively scenes before thp
work er.<is. The cloud that hung in the
pky yesterday was owing to the ques
tion? about the Chicago Federation of |
Labor. This body, so its leading mem- I
}.frs say, has a membership of some-!
thing like 200,000. It is in trouble with
the American Federation of Labor.
Yesterday its president, Schardt of Chi- j
capo, sat intently listening while the
committee on credentials reported. On
the face of the report Schardt and his
many followers were not even given
mention. They were n^t accredited as
being entitled to have delegates on the
floor. Schardt arose and quietly asked j
what was meant by the report. He was |
informed that organizations that were
not reported by the credentials com
mittee at that time would be given a
Fpecial report later. With that he sat
down, and nothing additional de
veloped openly regarding the Chicago
organization.
SOCIALISTS ARE EAGER.
Socialism will be brought up for dis
cussion before the convention ad
journs. Just when this will take place
no one seems to know. It may be in
troduced in fome form to-day. All of
yesterday prominent Socialists were ill
the spectators' gallery and they were
taking a very ljvely interest in the
jvroreedings, frequently exchanging
comments and speculations among
themselves.
At one particular spot there were at
least a dozen Socialists who have been
¦u-ell known all over the city during
the frequent agitation of Socialism.
There are Socialists as delegates on
the floor. Socialism has been before
the convention of the American Fed
eration of Labor before and has been
defeated. Since then the Socialists
fcsve succeeded in polling many more
votes than ever before at a general
election.
It is no secret that some of the
nore ardent Socialists believe that this
Is the opportune time to try' to see if
they can get the federation to indorse
their ideas. Socialism and the Chi
c&go difficulty were the leading themes
of conversation in the convention lob
bies yesterday.
Mixed with the speeches at the
opening of the proceedings of welcome
in the forenoon yesterday was the cus
tomary sound of sharp words. Presi
dent Gcrnpers and President Mc-
Carthy of the Building Trades Coun
cil were noted in this regard. The au
dience applauded with hands, boot
hc-els and voices when hard raps were
given. The, most applause went to
where there was a show of fight
against those who are considered by
the federation tq& be its enemies or In
denunciation of the Governor of Colo
rado and the Citizens' Alliance.
At the forenoon session a band of
music enlivened the beginning of the
proceeding?. It marched out ahead of
President Gompers. his official asso- |
ciates and the delegates from the Russ
House. It held the fort in the con
vention hall until the noon recess.
The first tune In the hall was #; My Own
United States," from the opera of
"When Johnny Comes Marching
Home." To this all the proceedings
of the day were attuned.
FLAGS IX QUANTITIES.
American flags were everywhere, on
the table of President Gompers, on the
tables at which the secretary of the
convention and the British and Can
adian delegates sat, looped up on the
front of the stage, at the back of the
stage, where two largre flags flanked
a larjre picture of Gompers. Then
Vitriolic Phrases In
troduced by the
Speakers.
Co-operative stores were discussed at
a gathering of the butchers' and street
carmen's unions at the Alhambra last
night. The house was filled and the
orators and the audience were enthu
siastic. Richard Cornelius, president of
the Carmen's Union, acted as chair
man. John L. Davie, ex-Mayor of Oak
land and head of the California Co
operative Meat Company; P. H. Mc-
Carthy and W. D. Mahon. president of
the International Street Carmen's Un
ion, were the speakers.
John Mitchell was expected to make
an address, but he sent word that ow
ing to other engagements he could not
appear.
P. H. McCarthy told of the organiza
tion of the Progressive planing mills,
and in a fiery address denounced the
policy of open shop and advocated co
operation. He said in part:
The beauty of co-oj>eration Is that no one
can be a millionaire. There Is no argument
strong enough to biock this, movement. AH
the Corbetts and Fltzslmmons»s In the country
could not land It a knockout punch. Co-crpera
tlon moans the . end of the strike, the lock
out and the blacklisting.
"Xet t *<» •. i»t d-V ' Mlwn -Jcb-iK tJv*i .- *rmv-"/-
W« do' not «ant It. - TKey cannot take It
with tawn vrbeu they die. Ther^ is enongh
donated already to start co-operative butcher
shops In San Francisco on the same lines as
! th«s ones in Oakland.
J. Jj. DAVIE SPEAKS.
J. L. Davie was introduced by Corne
lius. He said in part:
I came back to Oakland about eight months
*go, having Just recovered from a Ion* Illness.
I had no money, but I had my nerve, with
me. I went to work at the butcher's block
at $2 5O a day and had been there but thre*
¦ days when I iound myself locked out. I
was Justly Indignant. Certain people came to
me and offered me work at a reasonable
salary. If I would comply with certain con
ditions. I told them that I would not. I
had tolled hard for the city of Oakland an<l
while I was Mayor there were no policemen
burglars. I gave the city a clean admlnis
' tration.
Well, we started the movement for co
operatlva butcher-shops. We started with no
office furniture but a barrel desk and a
table, but we had our nerv«. The California
Co-operative Meat Company started with one
(hop. Now it has five and we will bava
two more before December.
"W. D. Mahon said in part:
I have had little time In the last live or six
years to study this subject as I have been
busy with my own organization. The co
operative movement is often misunderstood.
aM confounded with Joint stock companies.
The difference between them is that In tha
co-operative plan the members work for one
another, in the Joint stock companies they
work one another. We have reached the point
where working men must study economy and
act like business men.
This movement Is not socialistic. We don't
want to tear down the castle, but we dr» want
to destroy the hovel. " Let us roll up our
sleeves and go into this movement with a
will and our opponents will soon go out of
business.
BARBERS EXTERTAIX.
The Journeymen Barbers' Union held
open house last night at their O'Farrell
street headquarters for the entertain
ment of the visiting delegates. Among
the visitors were President of the In
ternational Barters' Union Frank Nor
chang. Secretary J. C. Shanessy, J.
Shillebar. secretary of the Sheet and
Metal "Workers' Union: Frank Jordan,
business agent of the Western Miners'
Union of Colorado; W. E. Klapetzky.
past secretary and treasurer of the
Barbers' International Union, and
Frank Smith, president of the Oakland
Journeymen's Union. All these made
short addresses.
President Samuel Gompers addressed
a large gathering of retail clerks In
Pioneer Hall last night. If those pres
ent expected praise they were doomed
to disappointment. He accused them
of niggardliness and lack of apprecia
tion of what had been done for them by
members of other branches of organ
ized labor- After paining a victory the
members of the "associations," as they
usually prefer to style their organiza
tions, would disband sooner than pay
the 50 cents a month to keep their or
ganization alive. In about a year old
conditions would obtain, followed by
more agitation, another victory and on
Its heels another disbandment. The
clerks, he said, are -starving out their
own International officers to save a few
cents per capita. Mr. Gomper3 spoke
strongly In favor' of universal peace,
but he said It must either come from
mutual recognition or from fear.
The meeting was presided over by
Charles B. Whllden, president of the
district council of retail clerks. Among
the speakers were J. H. Devine of
Scranton, Pa., a delegate to the con
vention; Max Morris of Denver. Inter
national secretary- treasurer of the re
tail clerks: G. E. Schaver of Portland,
secretary of the State Federation of
Labor; Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz and
P". S. Lewis, national vice president of
the United Mine Workers.
Welcomes Given
Open House Is Kept
for Delegates'
Pleasure.
Clerks Are Rated
Audiences Assemble
in Theaters to
Applaud.
Lyric Hall Is Gay
With Many Flags
of Nation.
MUCH SPEECH
MAKING THAT
GETS CHEERS
DISCUSSION
OF THEMES
OF INTEREST
THE THEATEHS.
ALCAZAR— "Th« Climbers."
CAUCFORNIA — "A Friend of th«
Family."
CENTRAX. — "Winchester."
COLUMBIA— 'The County Chair
man."
CHUTES— Vaud«TiIl 9.
FISCHER'S— Vaudevill*.
GRANT>— 'The Fatal Weddlac.**
MAJKSTIC — "Hearts Aflame."
ORPHEtil — Vaudeville.
TIVOLJ — "The Messenger Boy."
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for
thirty hour* ending- midnight. No.
vember IS. 1904:
San FraacUco and vicinity — Rain
Tue«aar; brt»k to hlrh *outhea»t
triad.
O. H. WILLSON; Local Forecaster.
Temporarily In Charge.
The San Francisco Call.Itching,' Blind, Bleeding or Protruding: Piles.
Your drnsriit will refund money If PAZO OINtI
VENT falls to curt you In 6 to, 14 days. SOc.*
s«me quail. Last May I endeavored
to bring about the re-existence of that
happy tie which embellished our boy
hood days. . He : responded not to ' my
effort and until the fatal evening of
November 10, when : I" sank exhausted
beneath the little magnolia tree -in
front of myburninghome, no evidence
of recognition passed between up.iaSESg
• . • ¦¦¦¦-•"A. WEBER."-
Lands Are Withdrawn.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. H.-^-The
land office In North Yakima was noti
fied t»-day of the withdrawal from
entry of a large area of land In the
Priest Rapids district of this county
preliminary 'to. the building of the
proposed Government irrigation canal.
BERLIN, Nov. 14. — Colonel' Gaed
ke, the Tageblatt's correspondent in
the Far East, in a •; dispatch from.
Mukden, November 14, says:
"The situation is unchanged. f A de
cisive battle is improbable, before
spring. . The Japanese will not attack
until several weeks after the fair of
Port Arthur and the Russians are
awaiting such an overwhelming. supe
riority in numbers as to leave the
question of victory beyond doubt./The
Russians are constantly receiving , re
inforcements and 4 the troops' are in
good spirits and excellent health.
Even the outposts are well sheltered
against the' cold."
DOES NOT EXPECT BATTLE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14. — The New
York Presbytery, the. local governing
body of the Presbyterian church,
voted against the establishment of a
separate presbytery for the colored
race by an overwhelming majority at
a meeting here to-day.
Church Will Not Bar Negroes.
CANNONADE OF SIEGE GUNS.
MUKDENV Sunday, Nov.. 13.^— An
unbroken cannonade of siege guns,
throwing fifty or sixty shells hourly
against the Japanese position in the
region of Shakhe station, was .begun
early this morning and ended only at
nightfall, when more than 600 big con
tact shells had been thrown into the
Japanese army's strongest position on
the plain for the purpose of demoraliz
ing the work of fortification concen-'
trated at that point for the past four
weeks. To-day's bombardment was
the most serious attempt yet made by
the Russians' large guns and it was
due to the apparent determination of
the Japanese to make Shakhe station
en impregnable defense of the railway
bfhind. -
Both sides have so dug themselves
Into the ground, night and day, that
artillery fire, as at Port Arthur, is
practically ineffective and the am
munition: is nearly entirely wasted.
Both sides, recognizing this, are re
sorting to the competition of big guns
nnd regular field artillery is only oc-
Starts to Join Baltic Fleet.
COPENHAGEN, Nov. .14. — The
Russian auxiliary cruiser Kuban tra
versed the great belt to-day, going
northward.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov.! 14.—Oen
eral Linevltch has assumed command
of the first Manchurlan army.
General Kuropatkin, in a telegram
to the Minister - of War, denies the
Japanese charges to the effect that
Russian troops disguised themselves
in Chinese clothing, and makes coun
ter charges against the Japanese of
wearing Russian uniforms In the at
tack on Shakhe on October 14; where
by they were enabled to approach
close to the Russian batteries and
capture several guns of the Thirty
seventh Brigade.
Kuropatldn Claims Japanese Wear
Russian Clothing. ¦ .' .":
MAKES A COUNTER CHARGE.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Nov. 14.— A squadron of
Russian cavalry yesterday afternoon
attacked - the Japanese In the neigh
borhood of Litiatum. The Russians
were so severely repulsed that at dusk
they were still gathering up their dead
and wounded. i
Squadron Loses Many Men in Attack
Upon Japanese.
RUSSIAN CAVALRY IN FIGHT.
BT. PETERSBURG, Nov. 14.— M. Pyer
loff, the millionaire merchant of Mos
cow, has received a pathetic letter from
Madame Stoessel, wife of -^.General
Btoessel, dated Port Arthur, October 24,
appealing to the rich Muscovites for
money to assist the helpless wounded
defenders of the fortress, some of whom
have lost both arms, others either an
arm or a leg, some of them blinded and
others suffering from wounds in the
spine and .who will. be crippled for life.
There are, she adds, very many such
unfortunates.
Pathetic Letter From the Wife of
Port Arthur's Commander.
MADAME STOESSEU'S APPEAIi.
Thomas Lu by, registering from this
city, secured a room at the United
States Hotel on Eddy street last even
ing and later was discovered roaming
about the halls apparently insane. The
hotel attaches summoned the police,
who went to the sixth floor to arrest
the man.
When Luby saw them he ran to the
end of a hallway and plunged through
a window." He fell five stories, strik
ing 'the roof of a shed between the
hotel building and Lyric Hall. Hla
body crashed through the roof and
was found lifeless on the- ground by
the police officers a few minutes later.
Luby was about 45 years old? stout
in build and was apparently a laborer.
Sixth Floor of United States
Hotel.
Thomas Luby Lieaps From Window on
A friend of Dent saw the original
translation and sent the gist of it to
him in a letter received to-day. From
the letter there can be little doubt that
the men of the Baltic fleet were drunk
and scarcely knew what they were
doing. The letter reads as follows:
"We knew we were out of our course
and were afraid we would run aground
somewhere. Of the crews, officers and
men, many, I regret to say, were in
toxicated. An alarm was given that
the admiral's flagship had grounded
and in the confusion that followed thi«
report three vessels of the rear squad
ron collided. While all was confusion
we came across what looked like a
flotilla of torpedo-boats and we opened
flre. Later in the night there was an
exchange of shots between our vessel
and another, and it was only when we
recognized from a small shell that
came aboard, but did not explode, that
the ammunition was Russian, that we
discovered that we had been firing upon
one another. "We had several men,
wounded." ,
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 14.— I^rrible
in detair and appalling in its disclosure
of incompetency, stupidity and drunk
enness in the Russian navy Is an ac
count of the recent sinking: of English
fishing-boats by the Baltic fleet, re
ceived from an alleged inside source
by R. T. Dent of the Minneapolis
Chamber of Commerce.
When the Russian fleet reached Cher
bourg a young lieutenant wrote a let
ter to his father, a wealthy St. Peters
burg merchant, describing the affair.
This was shown to the Russian corre
spondent of the Manchester (England)
Guardian, who sent a literal transla
tion to his paper. The Guardian print
ed it, but first eliminated such details
as might be most offensive to Russia.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
INSANE MAN PLUNGES
TO FRIGHTFUL DEATH
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bronio Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c*
Letter Tells of Slav
Drunkenness and
Fight.
GENERAL KUROPATKIN'S
HEADQUARTERS, Sunday, Nov. 13.
Frequent fights between the opposing
patrols occurred to-day. The Rus
sians, with heavy Howitzer and six
inch g'un batteries, shelled the Jap
anese trenches and gave the working
parties little respite.
Large numbers of Russian officers
are arriving at the front to replace
those who have fallen. -The Russian
army is realizing more fully day by
day the enormous task involved in
driving back the Japanese. Great
hopes, however, are placed In the
Russian second Pacific squadron.
The troops are now better fed than
at any previous period and the roads
are in good condition, enabling rein
forcements to leave the trains at sta
tions higher up the line and march to
Mukden, thus relieving the pressure
on the railroad.
Annoy Japanese Employed in Building
Trenches.
RUSSIAN GUNNERS BUSY.
LIGHT THROWN
ON THE NORTH
SEA TRAGEDY
New Enterprise In Its Management
Will Combine Philanthropy
and Business.
NEW TORK, Nov. 14. — A hotel for
working girls and working 1 women will
soon be built in this city if the plans
now under consideration are carried
out. Philanthropy and business will
be combined in the running of the
hotel. Plans have been submitted by
an architect, involving the expenditure
of $300,000, but several well-known
men interested In the project think
that there will be no difficulty In rais
ing whatever money is necessary, be
cause assistance has been offered by
men prominent in the financial world.
The hotel probably will be In the
neighborhood of. the large department
stores on the "West Side, where many
girls and women are employed. Their
board at the hotel will be about 53 or
$4 a week. Nothing will be said to
the guests about religion or their
family affairs.
If the girls are out of employment
at any time the management will try
to tide them over until they get work.
Maud Amber Not Married.
The st.ory circulated several weeks
ago that Maud Amber had married
agjain is shown to be without founda
tion. The following cable has been
received from the actress herself:
"Melbourne, Nov. 14. No truth In the
rumors of my marriage. They are an
Invention of Wilkerson and his at
torney to gain sympathy.
» "MAUDE AMBER."
STOCKTON. Nov. 14.— The body of Edward
Foundation, a longshoreman, who was mixseii
from the Captain Weber a week and a half
ago while the steamer was en route to San
Francisco, was found yesterday In Whisky
Slouch.
Toklo I>eclares Rumor of His Death
to Be Absurd.
TOKIO. Nov. 16.— The Japanese
army staff pronounces the report of
General Kuroki's death to be absurd.
GENERAL KUROKI LIVES.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. — According
to stories printed to-day Rev. Dr.
William R. Rainsford, rector of St.
George's Episcopal Church and one of
the best known clergymen in this city,
was threatened by a woman in his
church on Sunday. Published ac
counts say that the woman rushed
Into the rector's study armed with a
revolver and after some conversation
threatened to kill him.
'' Dr. Rainsford's secretary informed
the preBs to-night - that on Sunday
morning after the 11 o'clock service
several people went forward to the
pulpit to greet the rector. Among
them was a woman. He says' there
was conversation, that the woman
asked several questions, among them
one as to what had been done with
her money, which led Dr. Rainsford
to believe that she was irresponsible
and he referred her to the sexton. The
secretary also states no threats were
made and no weapons exhibited.
Miss Mary Byron was taken into
custody by detectives to-day and later
arraigned in court. Sexton Chapman
identified her as the woman who ap
peared In the church yesterday. She
was sent to Bellevue Hospital for ex
amination, v*^-
One Report Says She Drew a Re
:*.*::'¦:'¦; volver and Threatened to
Kill Him.
MUKDEN. Nov. 14. — Since yester
day signs that a serious engagement
•w ill take place within the next few
Japanese Displaying Activitj
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 14. — E. H.
Gatliff. who occupied a responsible
position as a British Instructor in
ordniince during the late Boer cam
paign, has been offered and accepted
a contract for similar duties with the
Japanese 'and will probably leave for
Japan on the steamship Manchuria,
whicfa will sail from San Francisco on
the 20th insu Colonel Gatliff has re-
FidM near San Bernardino for the
last two years, being retained by the
big water companies as an expert civil
and electrical engineer.
His contract with tne Japanese
Government will take him to the firing
line in Manchuria, where he will assist
In operating the heavy machine guns
imported from England and the Unit
ed States and instructing the Japanese
ordnance corps in the handling of
these weapons.
During the Boer war Gatliff was
•wounded, a ball plowing across his
face, leaving a prominent scar. He
Ftates that the ordnance corps at
tached to all the Japanese armies are
handled by English and American of-
Teach Mikado's Soldiers
Kx- British Ordnance Expert Will
WOMAX CREATES A SCENE
IX DR. RAINSFORD'S CHURCH
HOTEL FOR WORKING
WOMEN* FOR NEW YORK
LONDON, Nov. 14. — Lord Selborne.
First 1L<ord of the Admiralty, speaking
at- Bristol to-night and referring to
Russia's having granted Great Brit
ain's just demands, said the crisis just
experienced was an occasion for the j
country to take stock of Its defensive i
organization, and, in dealing with j
this question, it was impossible to ig
nore the rapid march of the Russian
empire toward the Indian frontier.
It was useless. Lord Selborne said,
for a business nation. dealins with
its liabilities, to mince matters. In
stead of. a vast tract of impassable^
country separating. the .two empires,;
Russia- trad* two- railways terminating \
at the Afghanistan frontier, only a|
matter of 4 00 miles from the Indian
railway. He hoped there rvever
would be war between the countries,
but Britons were bound to consider
what the Russian military organiza
tions had succeeded in achieving in
Manchuria, at the end of 6000 miles I
of a single track railway line, and to I
govern British military preparations in J
India accordingly.
Look to Her Frontiers.
Lord Selborne Says England Must
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 14. — The
official announcement that the Em
peror has approved the plan for dou
ble-tracking • the Siberian Railroad
and that $5,000,000 has been assigned
for the beginning of the project is
greeted with the heartiest approval
by the press of this city. The hope is
expressed that the work will be begun
immediately and pushed to a rapid
conclusion, as one of the surest means
of ending the v.ar.
Work of Double-Tracking Siberian
Railroad About to Be Begun.
SLAV MENACE TO IXDIA.
RUSSIA'S GREAT TASK.
TOKIO, Nov. 14. — The Emperor
presided over an extended confer
ence of the military and naval staffs
at the palace to-day% The proceed
ings were secret, but it is understood
that the Emperor discussed with the
officers plans for meeting the vessels
of the Russian second Pacific squad
ron when they arrive In Far Eastern
waters.
Mikado and His Tacticians Planning
for the Reception. - -
TO WELCOME BAI/TIC FLEET.
"Adrian Wills' friendship moves me
deeply.* I He Is the ' noblest specimen of
God's creation ¦ I ¦ have known. A ' year
aeo when I was sick he brought. me
He spent a great deal of his time
roaming around his cell, clad only in
his underclothes. Outside of his guard
ian, his attorneys and one or two news
paper men he had no callers to-day.
Not one of his relatives went near him,
and his old-time friend Adrian Wills,
who came to his rescue the night *of
the fire, was conspicuous by his ab
sence. Weber waxed angry once to
day. This was after he had read that
he was a lover of trashy literature and
a dime-novel fiend. He emphatically
denied the truth of these statements,
saying:
Jj "Will you please say for me in con
tradiction of the reports that have ap
peared in the papers that I have been
reading . sensational dime novels that
such is not the case. I have not been
reading trash of that sort. I have con
fined my reading entirely to biography
and to standard history for the last
two years. Reports that I . have . de
voted my time to reading trashy stuff
of the dime novel sort are detrimental
to" me and. to my case."
By the death of his four relatives
Adolph must naturally inherit the en
tire amount of his father's estate. . This
is valued # by conservative people here
to be nearly $100,000. This amount is
all well' invested in bonds and first
mortgages, all paying good rates of. in
terest. Outside of Adolph the imme
diate heirs of the estate are the brother
and sisters of Mrs. ,Weber. (
. Julius Weber himself had no kin in
this country. '. His bachelor brother who
lived in this State died some years ago.
It is reported that he has both brothers
and sisters In Germany, but they have
not been heard from since his death.
The Interview with ' Adrian Wills, a
former chum of young Weber, who
sheltered the accused youth on the
night of the tragedy, which was pub
lished In The Call, aroused young
Weber to the only display of emotion
he has made since his arrest. After
.reading it he gave The Call corres
pondent the following signed state
ment: .......
Tracy, the famous outlaw of Oregon
and Washington, it is said here, was
greatly admired by Adolph Weber. The
young man held up Tracy as an ex
ample. That young Adolph is an ex
traordinary character and that he is
what almost might be termed a psy
chological freak Is no longer a question
in the minds of those who have seen
him and have conversed with him. He
is as smart as a whip. His brain is
remarkably clear. Not one single ex
pression of sorrow over the loss of his
family has passed from his lips. He
has not uttered one single expression
of any kind that' would indicate he
had. the* le,ast regret, for. those who
were r so foullv and. brutally murdered.
So .far as- the -casual -observer can
ascertain, he -is utterly indifferent to
their passing a way. \ He has frequently
asked,. who will. get the- property left
by his father and if it would come di
rect to him; •
When the inquest is resumed on
Wednesday it is. expected that impor
tant evidence will be introduced. In
the absence of Sheriff Kenna, who is
now in San Francisco, Under Sheriff
William I. May is working night and
day to ferret out the perpetrator or
perpetrators of the horrible crime.
Some very important evidence has been
dug up to-day.
This afternoon Edgar McFayden, as
sistant cashier of the Placer County
Bank, is reported to have ordered steps
to be taken to prefer a charge against
young Weber of robbing the bank, on
June 26. It is reported that the cos
tume worn by the robber is now in the
possesion of the Sheriff here and that
he has ascertained where the garments
came from and that he only needs a
small link to complete the chain of
evidence. .{">"¦
Adolph Weber was as calm as usual
in his cell to-day. He maintained the
same coolness that .has marked his
bearing since the murder of his fam
ily. His cell is a large one. When he
was first put into it he rebelled against
its lack of conveniences. He said to
the jailer that he had been convicted
of no crime and that he should not be
thrown into a cell and treated as a
common prisoner. He asked for a fresh
and clean outfit for his bed and this
was given him. He was not satisfied
with the meals furnished to him, stat
ing that he was a sufferer from in
digestion and was obliged to live on a
prescribed diet and had the authorities
send out for some shredded wheat and
other food. He appeared to »njoy them
with a great relish.
ROAMS ABOUT CELJj.
AUBURN, Nov. 14.— That Mrs. Julius
Weber feared that her son Adolph
would commit some awful deed is a
fact that became known to-dav. The
information came from Mrs. Snowden,
sister of the unfortunate woman who
with her husband, daughter and son is
supposed to have met death at the
hands of her first born.
"I now remember," said Mrs. Snow
den, "that Mrs. Weber many times
said she was afraid of Adolph; that
she was afraid he would do some awful
deed; that he alwavs had such a pe
culiar disposition and that he had al
ways read peculiar books tttkt had had
a queer effect on his mind."
Mrs. Snowden is almost in a state of
nervous prostration. The awful or
deal that she has undergone since the
night of the tragedy has been telling'
heavily upon her. Her home Is only a
stone's throw from the scene of the
awful tragedy and the • shrieks and
cries for help that issued from her
sister's home on " the night of the
tragedy are still ringing in her ears.
To-day she is almost beside herself
with grief. She says she can hardly
contain herself and that the terrible
scenes of . last Thursday night, when
fche stood on the porch and saw the
bodies of her sister, her niece Bertha
and her little nephew Earl brought out
of the flaming building and laid at her
feet are always before her eyes.
ADMIRER OP OUTIiAW.
Special DUpatch to The Call
Th galleries of the group of forts on
the northern Dart of Keekwan Moun
tain were captured after desperate un
derground fighting. The Russians still
hold parts of the moat defended by the
galleries on North Keekwan Mountain.
The Japanese are now engaged in sap
ping operations for the purpose of dis
lodging the Russians, the result of
which It is believed will make the cap
ture of the moat an easy task.
The capture of»thls fort would give
the Japanese the key to the eastern
fortified range, as artillery mounted
there would dominate the forts in
front of the ridge and enable the Jap
anese to place infantry In a position
to sweep the ridge.
During the general attack on the
eastern fortified ridges on . October 30
the Japanese gained the moats of the
principal forts attacked by them. These
meats were found to be wider, deeper
and stronger than had been expected,
and were defended by caponiere gal
ltTies.
The powerful east Keekwan fort
was gained, but the Russians were re
inforced and drove the Japanese down
to the foot of the hill. The Japanese
are now sapping toward the crest ol
the hill.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE THIRD
JAPANESE ARMY, BEFORE PORT
ARTHUR (undated), via Fusan, Nov.
14. — The casualties in the attack of
the Japanese on the eastern fortified
rfdge on October 30 were 1500. It was
an unsuccessful assault. |
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 14. — The
latest indications from the front point
to an early resumption of the mili
tary operations on a large scale. Field
Marshal Oyama has received heavy
reinforcements from Xewchwang and
evidently is nbout ready to wage bat
tle for the possession of Mukden. The
Japanese are showing particular ac
tivity on their right flank, as if they
were contemplating a turning move
ment from that direction. General
Kuropatkin has fortified his positicms
along: the Shakhe River and, as he
seemingly is prepared to accept a bat
tle, he doubtless has made disposi
tions to block a flanking operation.
According to the opinion of the mil
itary authorities here his left flank
is secure.
Russians Believe Oyuma Is Ready to
Attack Kuropatkln.
31 rs.. Snowden, Sister of Mur
dered Woman* Tells of the
Worry Caused Her Relative
by Young Man Now in Jail
GHEAT BATTLE XEARIXG.
Japanese Are Unable
to Capture a
Single Fort,
days have been increasing. The Jap
anese are- displaying great activity
eastward. ' Fears are expressed that
the railroad will not be able to bring
up sufficient supplies.
«
HIKED BY JAPAN
It is not within my ecope to comment upon
the nfw Japanese loan.' That is an affair for
tri« bftrkers and for the public, who are able
to decide what advantages or non-advantages
th» Investment offer*. But there can be n»
r»»<-eB«ity for commenting upon Russia s
«-r«*iit. Any one acquainted with the Fans
Exchange is «ble to convince himself of th»
solidarity of Russia* finance*.
1 de*m it my duty to reiterate what I have
•o often eaid. that Russia will not susi*nd 1 in
•r.y case hw military operations in the I-ar
KaVt All rumcrt and remits retarding tne
p,.saib!e success of the direct overture* ior
peace which Japan is tali to have made to
Kutwla. and regarding the mediation of the
towers, in ray opinion, are started for the pur
j.«e of convincing the public that the end of
l*e war is clcoe at hand. In this way it is
h^i^ei that the public may b« led to believe
Uiat Jp-ranese loans offer attractive lnvest-
Ruaeta can no more admit of It than could
<.rtat BrlJA'n in the Transvaal cr the United
States in her war with Sr>atn. "Where the
j re-stipe of a country Is at rtake all other con
siderations are and must r* put aalde. Some
j-rsrrs= may think that financial difficulties
will influence RuFfla to end hostilities. Such
tn "pinion if. based on the false assumption
Of IiusFias financial resources.
There If no doubt whatever that Russia,
«hos-> annual income exceeds one milliard of
dollars, rannot be influenced in h«r attitude
?cward the outcome of the wtr by the amount
cf w*r expenditures. It it not altogether out
of th" question that RusFla. who did not ex
pert war. should In fhe moment when s»he
«a* mobilizing her army and in sending corps
slier i-crjin in fighting readiness to the Far
r.*i-t Mi<J..1enly call a halt en hostilities, par
tii-ularly after *he has for nearly a year.
•will, out" any difficulty or recourre to -extra
oirMnary rm-asure*. been able to carry all the
#"Xtra rxiwn^es?
These are the opening: words of an
emphatic statement made at the Rus
sian embassy to-day by Count Cassini,
the Russian Embassador. Several
times recently the Embassador in the
r.Hme of his Govecnment has categoric
ally denied the possibility of any inter
\ention in the v.ar, but the recurrence
ef rumors that the powers contemplated
nicdiatipn has caused the Embassador
to reiterate on behalf of his Govern
ment Its position regarding interven
tion or mediation of any kind. The
statement continues:
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— "Russia
tvi!1 pursue the war in the Far East to
the bitter end— that is. until Russia
has conquered."
Cassini Says Struggle Must Go On
FREQUENTLY SPOKE OF
LAD'S DISPOSITION
Queer Actions of the Youth
Caused Mother to Often Ex
press Dread Boy Would
Commit an Awful Crime
War Will Not End Until
Russia Conquers.
PORT ARTHUR
ASSAULT ENDS
IN DISASTER
RUMOR OF PEACE
ANGERS THE SLAV
MRS. WEBER
FEARED HER
SON ADOLPH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
2
ran iif it.
Lots More Proof Lite This, and
It Is All From San Fran-
cisGo^People.
"The proof of the pudding is in the
eating of it." If any city or town in
the Union has sufficient proof on the
following subject it is San Francisco.
Genuine merit is finding its reward
in the hearty indorsement of local
citizens. When people right here at
home, friends and neighbors of our
readers, give a statement like the fol-
lowing for publication it is proof
convincing for the most skeptical.
Read this testimony:
F. L. Smith, boxmaker in the Na-
tional Box Factory, residence 741
Folsom street, says: "If I was not
thoroughly impressed with the fact
that Doan's Kidney Pills can be de-
pended upon I would never have
gone out of my way to recommend
the preparation to others suffering
from kidney complaint. Before I
took a course of the treatment I had
tried more than one standard rem-
edy, but the results as far as stop-
ping the trouble were just as re-
motely in the distance as when I first
noticed that my kidneys were out of
order. A sure indication that in some
way the action of my kidneys was up-
set was too frequent action of the
kidney secretions added to the back-
ache, particularly if I contracted a
cold. For the last six months there
has not been an indication of either
excited or weakened kidneys."
For sale by all dealers. -Price 50c
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y. f
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
TEE'in OF i~. uREN
x Few mothers know how vitally important
Is the care cf a child's first teeth. The
beauty of the pormanent set depends almost
entirely upon it.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
used with SOZODONT Liquid, prercnts
accumulation of tartar, yet being freo from
Erit does not scratch the enamel. Do not
experiment en baby's teeth. Insist on
SOZODONT./
I FOE&S: LIQUTD, POWDER, PASTE.
(j visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
Museum of asiatos y #
0 && i5"5*A-23-sr-t»*-s^*rti-s.r:»:. d
\ Qf rl " I-«'r^« Aaat~mic«l M-iwum la th» \
tj aMC>^ World. Wailicnm or any comnicfd A
Q JjujFj»3 ecl * l » :oa t!ls Ccm'. Esijtyaar*, ©
S{B|gr A OS. JORDAN-DISEASES OF ME.1 i
I JLj\j( fl Tr«!w«ii prnoMlif or b» Vltr. A A
ft y Tt H rttnw* CVr« ut svary ctM tmdartakm. T
AfS II A w*! hr M*. fBiLonorsir .r A
V ' 1 II V HA It MIA SK. MAIU9 fXZM. ( A Y
> A JI ntiMbi* book far own) \
V DB. JORDAN *CO. 1081M»rk.t!Jt..3. f. 9
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers tear* Broadway
wharvca (ptcr* 9 and 11).
fan Francisco:
For Kstchik.tn. Wra&ftl.
Juneau. Tr«adwella. Hainm.
Skagway. ate. Alaska — 11
«. m.. Nov. 1. «. Ji. la. 31.
28. Dee. 1. Chans* to thla
company'* steamer* at Seat*
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townseud.
6eattle, Tacoma. Kveratt, South B«IUoc;bAja,
BeUlnsbain— 11 *. m.. Nor. 1, 6. 11. 18, Jl.
28, Dec. 1. CbarffS at Seattle to thla com-
pany's steamers (or Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at
beatU* or Tacoma to 2*. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry- "*
For Eureka (Hutnboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :3O
p. m.. Nov. fl. 12. IS. 24. SO. Dec. «. Corona.
1-30 p. m.. Not. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. D«e. 3.
For Los Ansetes (Yta Port Loa Angeles and
Bedondo). San Dleso and Santa Barbara—
8anta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loa Aogeles (via San Pedro and East
San PwSro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua, Moa-
t*rey. San Slmeonw Cayucoa. Port Harford (&ta
Lais Obtspo), Ventura and Ftuenem*.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Nov. 7. 13. 23. Dec 1.
Cboe Bar. 9 a. m.. Nov. 8, 11. 19. 27. Dee. i.
For Ensenada. Maffdalena Bar. San Joas del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pu. Santa Ro>
¦alia, Guaymas (Ilex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each ma.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chance ««men or saJlln* dates.
TlUJtET omCES— 4 New Montgom-
ery »t- (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad,
way wharves. Frelgrht Offlc* 1© Market st.
C D. DUSANN. General Paas«as;er Afnat.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Butter St.. wtn
call for and check baxraire from hotels a&d
residences. Telephone Exchanc;» 31Z
AMERICAN XOirB.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
Pt Paul Nov. SflWmrd. I>ec.lO. lrt:.HO a
Philadelphia ...Dec. 8>New York Deo. IT
•Calling at D<wer for London and Paris.
ATLANTIC TBASSPOBT I^STE.
K«w York— tendon Direct.
Mntnka.Xov.Srt.7:3<> a!r.|Minn#nah.T.Dee.lO J tin
Mesaba .Dec. 3 10 a.n Manltru. Dee.17. 10 «m
DOMINION UITE.
Montreal — Liverpool — 8h,ort sea passa«;e.
Canada .December 10.
RED STAR XJNE.
STew Tork — Antwerp — London — Parli.
Calling; at Dover for London and Parl«.
Kroonlar d Nov. 2«iZeeland •••••-• -J^c. It
Finland Dec, lfr Kroonland .... .Dec 2*
WHITS STAB IiINE.
jlew Tork — Queen stown — Liverpool.
Baltic Vov. Srt. 11 am|Or*anlc.D<»c 14, lft am
Cedric! Dec. 7. 3:30 am MaJestIr.Dec.21. 10 an
js'oaton— Queenatown— Xtlverpool.
Cymrl" ..: ¦• — ••• D * e - 21 - Jan - 2S -
MHW TOBX ATTD BOSTON DQtECV
To tne Mediterranean. -
Gibraltar. Kanlea. Genca. Alexandria.
OlDr FROM NEW YORK.
HETTBLIC !><?• !• Jan. 14. Feb. 25
f^RETlC Dee. 12. Feb. 4, March H
' FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC Dec. 10. Jan.2". March 11.
CANOPIC Jan. 7. F«b. 1*
¦ C D. TATLOR. Pareenrer A*ent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco. ..
occanic5.5.co.»S£
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov.lt>. 11 A.M
S S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 25. 11 a.M*
8 S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Decl. 2 P. M.
I.B.SPBICIELS t BEOi Ca, Jfcti.TiCiEt Cffica 543 la-
J m mm 03C8 327 Martet ji, Piei 7,' Paciac \i
CO MPAOHIE 6E5SRALV T&AffSATLAOTXaai •
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia
Sailing; every Thursday Instead of +J% Tftt
. Saturday, at JO a. m.. from Pier
42. North River, foot of Morton it.
First clasa to Havre. |7O and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA, 32 Brcadway (Hudson bulldlns;).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & Co.. Pacific Coast
Axenta. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
. Tot V. S. Wavy Tar* ana VaQelo,
Etrs. General Friable. Montlcello and Arrow
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 2:15 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:20 p'
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a-m."
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:3O p.m. Leave ValleJo. 7
a.m.. 0 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun-
days, 7 a-m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 8 p.m. Pier i
ft Mliwion it.: phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
yyyyyi ADvigmsEMEyTs- y-y-z
AND -OTHERS.
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are m'en of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devot.j iheir lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians* prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many, excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinalnames and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
Thej are the men to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the nnest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that »yrnp of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company— California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction, v
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, .tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to.be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignitv and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
Borne times have the name — " Syrup of Figs "—or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on. the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs v or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages onlv, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform tne public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation .which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company-
California Fi| Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class of
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
ADVERTISEMJENTS;
H Brand ffl
h Evaporated M
HI (Dream B
||a bears the above cap label. |||
|i|| Contains fully as much «||
»|| food substance per can as Em
ill the watery imitations in BSM
HI It is smooth and perfect fir}
?H because skillfully pre- j||
Jra pared. Its purity is raL
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BYDespite the destructive purposes of labor's antagonists I am in a
position to report that, with the exception of a slight recession al
ready indicated, there has been a sum total of great pain in the mem
bership of tho organizations affiliated to tho American Federation of
Ijibor. From October 1, 1903, to September 30, 1904, we issued from
the American Federation of Labor the following cliartcrs: Interna
tional unions, II; State federations, 5; central labor unions, 400; lo
cal trade unions and federal labor unions, 328. Total, 443. At the
end of the fiscal year, September 30, 1904, there were affiliated with
the American Federation of Labor 120 international unions, consisting
of, approximately, 27.000 local unions of their respective trades and
callings, 32 State federations, 509 central labor unions. 1271 local
trade unions and federal labor unions. Total, 1992.
GOMPERS SUMS UP MEMBERSHIP.
Continued on Pose 5, Column 3.
" A brief resume of events leading up to and
In connection with the outrage against not
only the rlshts of labor but civilized society,
may not here be amiss. Four years ago -the
Colorado Legislature passed a law limiting
the hours of labor of men who worked la the
mines and in the smelters to eight per day.
The courts of the State declared that inas
much as there was no constitutional authority
vested in> the Legislature for the enactment
of such a law. the act was void. The subse
quent Legislature adopted an amendment to
the constitution giving the Legislature that
needed authority, and made It mandatory
upon the Legislature to enact such a law. The
amendment was submitted to a vote of the
people of Colorado, and, It was ratified by
more than 47.0OO majority, and thereby became
a of the State constitution.
The Legislature which had this direct man
date from the people utterly failed to comply
therewith, and It 1» authoritatively a»serted^
and not denied, that Governor Peabody owed
his nomination- and election to the office he
occupies upon the distinct understanding and
agreement with the prime movers of the so
called Citizens' Alliance that he would pre
vent, if possible, an agreement by the two
houses of the Legislature upon any eight-hour
bill; or that If agreement was reached.^ despite
his effort. 'that he would veto such » *>«'¦ JJ
was unnecessary for him to exercise his rtght
of vetS. InasmTch as Ms effort, to prevent
agreement in the passage of the bill made the
exercise of that function unnecessary.
The indignation of the people general y.
particularly the working people, at this pol t
ical manipulation and trickery, was emphatic
and a keen sense was clearly manifested that
their rights and their Interests had been fla
erantly betrayed. Disputes arose resulting in
the effort to enforce by private agreement
what the lawmakers, the misrepresentatlves
of the "eople. had failed to do: that Is, the
establishment of an eight hour workday.
In several Instances strikes occurred: some
directly for the eight hour day. others In sym.
nathv At once a system of persecution was
inaugurated by the employers' associations,
which assumed the title of Citizens' Alliances.
Men against whom no charge of wrongdoing
could be made were dragged from their homes
and deported to other districts and to other
States. Public officials, elected by the people.
Hemming. Scranton. Pennsylvania.
The iniquitous policy of the so-called Citi
zens' Alliance has had Its fullest fruition In
Colorado. In that State it has not only of it
self had full away, but It haa< been aided In
the execution of Its edicts by the executive
with the full power of the military. Indeed,
the Citizens' Alliance had but the simple dec
laration to make as to Its wishes and what in
Its Judgment constituted the law to have the
Governor of the State order the troops to the
most convenient point to execute what was
accepted as a decree. Civil government has
been set at naught, and constitutional and
natural rights and guarantees wantonly tram
pled under foot. •
were summoned before secret meetings of these
greedy monopolists, and simply because -they
• refused to acquiesce in the employers' out
rageous conduct, were summarily deposed
from office and the- agents of employers
directed to usurp these offlces and perform
their functions and duties. In one instance a
rcj>e with a noose at the end waa tossed at
th© feet of an officer of the local government,
elected by the people, with the cholc» given
him of peremptorily resigning: his efflce or to
take the consequences of the other silent, yet
effective, alternative presented to him.
DENOUNCES GOVERNOR.
The Governor has aided and abetted this
criminal procedure and* utilized the mllltary
forces cf Colorado to violate every vestige o£
human right recognized for more than seven
centuries aa wrung from an unwilling mon
arch In the Magna Charta. as*erted In the
Declaration of Independence, guaranteed b/
th« constitution of our country and of our
States and fortified by every statute in our
; Governor Peabody not only declared martial
law and . military rule, applying to district*,
without authority of law and in conflict wltn
¦ the plain previsions of the constitution of
Colorado, but he even demeaned himself to
the exercise cf that rreat power to apply
to a single individual. Men charged with no
crime or offense against the laws were cor
ralled and with the butt end cf a gun or at
the point of a. bayonet driven like cattle into
a bull pen. while others were bodily carried or
driven into another State.
We aa»ert t»>at under no circumstances had
the . Governor of Colorado, without the con- '
uent of the Legislature, the right or authority
to declare martlnj law or military rule; that
holding men in duress In that brutal military
prison. th» bull oen; that depriving men of
their liberty without due procers of law, was
not only a brutal outrage of the rights of
the men themselves, but an unblushing wrong
to all men. If the miners In the disturbed
districts of Colorado were guilty of any crime.
If they violated any law of the land, there,
are in existence uson the statute books laws
for their am>rehenslon and trial before th»
duly constituted courts by a- Jury of their
peers according to the due proce*ses of law aa
made and provided In such cases.
The tyrant of old exercised his spleen with
those from whom ke differed and deported,
banished cr exiled them. Clvlllxed man has
come to recomlie such punishments aa un
luat and unnatural. Even Russia has recently
abolished the decree. It has remained for the
unspeakable Peabody. Governor of the great
State of Colorado, to revive and put this be
r.lghted punishment into execution: and this,
too In «slte of tho fact that there Is not in
our country one scintilla of law authorizing
any court or any officer to deport, banish or
exll« a citizen from, his State or from, the
country.
We have not. cannot and will not condone
The committee on credentials of the
American Federation of Labor reported
at the forenoon session yesterday that
there were present delegates represent
ing 79 national, 14 State branches, 29
central bodies and 46 local trade and
federal unions. The following list shows
the delegates having 200 or more votes
in the convention:
Electrical Workers of America. International
Brotherhood— H. W. Sherman, M. J. Sullivan.
George Burns. Charles Nelson. 210 votes. Bar
bers' International Union. Journeymen — W. E.
Klapetzky Frank X. Noschang. George K.
Smith. George C. Shaneesy, 23ft votes. Cigar
makers' International Union of America—Sam
uel Gompers. Thomas F. Tracy. James Wood,
Mahlon J. Barnes. 405 votes. Carpenters and
Joiners of America, United Brotherhood —
Frank Duffy. James F. Grimes, A. M. Swart*.
Samuel Yarnell. William B. Macfarlane. John
Zartng T M. Guerin. 1554 votes. Boot and
Shoe Workers' Union — John F. Tobtn, Collis
Lovely. Emmet T. Walls. Charles E. Lowell.
John P. Meade, 320 votes. International
Union of United Brewery Workmen — Louis
Kemper. Edmond F. Ward, August Prle«ters
bach Fred Zepp, 305 votes. Hotel and Restau
rant' Employes' Alliance — T. J. Sullivan. Jer»
L. Sullivan -Robert A. Wharton. Paul Rlechen
bacher. C. B. Wiseman. 4SH votes. Interna
tional Longshoremen's Association — Daniel J.
Keefe. Henry C. Barter. John J. Joyce, BOO
votes. International Association of Machinists
— James O'Connell. George H. Warner. A. E.
Ireland. John Hamerstrom, 627 votes. Meat
Cutters and Butcher Workmen of North
America, Amalgamated— Herman May. C. E.
Schmidt. 344 votes. United Mine Workers of
America— John Mitchell. W. B. Wilson. T.
L Lewis W. D. Ryan W. H. Hasklns. John
Fahy John T. Dempsey. 2577 votes. Iron
Molders" Union of North America — M. J.
Keough. James H. O*Neil, 300 votes. Ameri
can Federation of Musicians — Joseph N. Web
er. Owen Miller, D. A. Carey. 220 votes.
Brotherhood of Painters. Decorators and Pa
perhangers of America — J. C. Bahlhom, James
H. Sullivan. George C. Campbell. John W.
Finan. Frank C. Lowe. 607 votes. Amalga
mated Association of Railway Employes, Street
and Electric — W. D. Mahon. Rezin Orr. Rich
ard Cornelius. 300 votes. Seamen's Interna
tional Union of America — Win. H. Frazier,
Walter Macarthur. Andrew Furuseth. Wm.
Penje. 201 votes. International Typographi
cal Union — James M. Lynch, Frank Morrison.
Max S. Hayes. Frank K. Foster, Victor L.
Berger. 467 votes. Wood Workers' Inter
national Union of America. Amalgamated —
D. D. Mulcahy. Thomas I. Kidd. Richard
Braunschweig, E. W. Miller. 25>3 votes.
Votes by State organizations are as
follows:
California — John Davidson. 1 vot«.
Florida — S. J. Triplett. 1 vote.
Georgia — W. S. Harris. I vote. •
Illinois— M. B. Madden, 1 vote.
Iowa— L. M. Jaeger. 1 vote.
Massachusetts — James R. Crozier. 1 vote.
Missouri — E. T. Behrens. 1 vote.
New Jersey — John T. Cosgrove, 1 vote.
New York Worklngmen's Federation — Wil
liam White. 1 vote.
Porto Rico Free Federation of Working
men — Santiago Iglesias. 1 vote.
Texas State Federation of Labor — G. W.
Woodman, 1 vote.
Utah State Federation of Labor— J. T. Lav
ery. 1 vote.
On boycotts— Daniel J. Keefe. Frank Xosch
anr, A. M. Swartz. Austin F. Keane. Victor
L. Berber. Emmett T. Flood. John P. Meaie.
James P. Maher. M. J. Keough. John W.
Flnan. J. J. McKee.
On building trades — William J. Spencer.
Herman Lillism. O. V. Tveltmoe. Frank Duffy.
Frank Feeney, E. V. Hoenlck. Thomas J.
Lyons George C. Campbell. Charles Nelson.
Joseph Hammill. Edward A. Whlto. Theodora
Paine. William Fyfe, Henry Ketter. W. W.
Woodward. _..... _ -
Cn education — Thomas I. Kldd, John F. To
bin, Owen Miller, D. O. Ramsay. F. M. Gue
rlD Roady Kennehan. Daniel P. Sullivan. T.
C. de Villiers. Lester Greenlaw, T. J. Dlnan.
George Powell.
On State organization — James J. Beegan. D.
D. Driscoll. Robert Wharton. Ilerman Rcbin
unn. George Burns. John Davidson, William
White, C W. Woodman, John T. Cbsgrove,
M. B. Madden, L. M. Jaeger.
On laws— John B. Lennon. James Lynch.
W. H. -Hasklns. D. A. Hayes. Max Morris.
August Prlesterbach. Samuel Tarnell. Edward
Brown, George Sauer. James H. CXell. J. T.
On la'bels^ — Martin Hlgrgrins. Charles E. Low
ell Edmonrt K. Ward, John R. O' Brian. Emit
Schaerer Max S Hayes. Morris Brown. Sarah,
Hasan. *O. F. Lindow. E. W. Miller. Henry
On grievance*— James CConnell. John A.
Moffltt. W. D. Mahon. T. L. Lewis. Walter
Mararthur. James C. Cain. William J.
O"Brlen W. E. Klapetzky. James Wood, Ed
ward Hlrsch. Emmett T. Walls.
Local and federated bodies— W. B. Wilson.
William J. Gllthorpe. George K. Smith. Wil
liam B. Macfarlane. David Kreylinir. J. Mah
lon Barnes. Mathew Canavan. J. W. Morton.
P. J. Downey, Joseph K. Weber. Jere !•• Sul
livan. ' _ "¦ ¦ '•¦ .
On resolutions — James Duncan. 'W. T>. Ryan.
J. C. Balhorn. Frank K. Foster. William
Cohen. R. H. Metcalf. Frank B. Monaghan, D.
D. Mulcahy. Santiago Iglealas. Archy Grant.
John Slocutn.
Report of treasurer— Louis Kemper, F. C.
Gengenbach. Timothy Heaiey. A. E. Kell Ing
ton. D. J. Murray. Richard Pattlson. Frank:
Sweeney. Ernest Dicks, Frank, Helle. Harry
Hailes, Frank C. Lowe.
Rules and order of business — L>. A. Tan
quary. John Fitzpatrtck. James H. Sullivan.
T. J. Duffy. Patrick Maloney. Martin Me-
Graw. Anthony McAndrews, B. B. Rosentbal.
J. Isadore, Jeremiah P. Murphy. John Clark.
' On organization — John Mitchell. J. R. Cro
xler. Charles Hank. John Zarlnvc. John D«vln«.
C. L. Bhamp, Nathan Wolff. Thomas J. Ma
honey. Herman May. John J. Joyce. A. E.
Ireland.
Report of secretary— James ¦Wilson. John
Golden. Charles Dold. Fred Zepp. A. D. Por
ter. John Brady, J. B. Conroy. E. J. Lynch.
L. W. Quick. George H. Warner. William H.
Frailer.
Following the report of the committee
on credentials the president of the con
vention appointed the following com*
mlttees:
Report ©f president — A. Furuseth. H. W.
Sherman, D. A. Carey. Henry C. Barter. Cbl
11.4 Lovely, Martin Lawler, John F&hey. Thom
a:« F. Tracy. C. 'W. Petrte, William 8. Smith.
James C. Shanessy.
¦Washington Stats Federation of Labor — W.
Frank Meyer. 1 vote.
Signed: Jam«s F. Grimes, chairman; Johr»
T. Dempeey, George Mackey.
The convention, after an hour's re- ,
cess, came together acain at 2 o'clock.
Soon after resuming President Gom
pers submitted his annual report, of
which liberal extracts are as follows:
REPORT OF GOMPERS.
The cycles of t'.tr.e that roll so swiftly by
and which era so infinitesimal when counted
'.n connection with ta« history and develop
ment cf the human race rind the people con
fronting new conditions and new problems.
The pa*t has l>e*n fraught with pain and
travail. It ha* b^-n an inarticulate yearning
and a ccnetar.t struggle for new light and the
realisation of new hopes. From the dark days
of slavery and serfdom to the era of wage,
labor was. In itself, a great progress. The
entrance of the wape earners Into the realms
of the larg»?r. broader and brighter vision of
associated effort has be<-n fraught with achieve
ments cammar.Jimy the wonder and admiration
of «ud>-i3te and observers.
Dispute it as eome may. we are conscious,
and history will accord us the credit, of being
the natural and rational, crystallized effort of
the rcastee to abolish wrong and Injustice;
to attain Justice and ripht by the most peace
ful, «volutJonary an<i humane method. The
immediate future is pregnant with good or
ill for the people of our country. It devolves
~i :. the organized labor movement to deter
ir.ln* by Its course the form It shall assume.
The constant lmpro\-ement in machinery,
the division, subdivision and eiwclallzatlon of
labor, the wonderful develcrnvnt in Industry
fcnd the concentration of wealth, give to the
wealth possessors extraordinary power, which,
whpn coupled with the cunning and greed for
pain, unless Intelligently directed and compre
hensively met by a well organized labor move
ment, will tend to the dtttrioration of our
race, the destruction of all our achievements
and the dissipation of all our hopes.
On the other hand. If we are faithful to the
history a.nd traditions of th«> «=tru»rgllni5 maeses
in the part. If T»e shall prove true to the In
terests and welfare of the ho*ts of labor
ef our day, the power calculated to injure
will be diverted to the common weal, and thus
open vp vistas cf larger opportunities and
a broader conctpticn of human rights and en
nobling aspirations.
As the cours* of enlightenment and liberty
wends Its way west ward, fro the American Fed
• ration of Labor brings its host of enlightened
and lilxrrty-lovine exponents to the entrance
Ol the Golden Gate, there net only to stand
iruard aeatnt-t any threatening foe, but to
pledge anew Its unfaiterir.g devotion to the
uplilting cause of all our i^eople.
Item the workshop, mill, factory and mine
enmes the appeal to you for comfort, aid and
relief. The yearnjne cry of the children of.
labor f<r emancipation from che drudsery of
lnre*i=ant tell to the frwdoni t>f home, the
I'U.vgmind and the Ftinshine is not heard in
vain bjr you. Tlie irifTerings of the past, the
xmnM trt tr-<*«7 ««1 the h<?pr« tor a
brighter arid better day for aO 'ore repre- i
ser.ted by the united and federated labor
movement of cur tirr.e and cf our country.
While the eyes and hearts of our fellow
¦R rk> re are fervently turned toward this con
vention. h"5>eful and confident that the broad
est and best interests of the working people
will b* safeguarded and forwarded, the »cru
lir.izir.g v:*iun of our opponents and antagon-
Ifts is conf'eTttra.ted upon our gathering and
our work, ready to turn to our disadvantage
and <Jitccir.fit.ure any error of Judgment, of
fpe^ch and action. May we not hope so to
cenform our course as to Fatisfy and gratify
<-ur friers, confoved and disarm our would-be
dtepoilers?
With tin abiding faith in the Justice and
nobility oi the cause with which we have the
honor to be effoeiated. with confidence forti
fied bv a lifetime's experience, there are no
lEit-rivings in my heart or mind that this
< or.vention of the American Federation of
Labor will do autrht to darken the horizon
of labor's future, or in the least jot to halt In
the movement for labor's dlsenthnillment. In
that faith in that confidence, in that hope. It
Is my proud privilege to welcome you to this
Fathering t..f labor's hosts at San Frarx;sco
In the convention of the American Federation
cf L&bor.
COXFEDERATIOVS STATUS.
Mucl: gleeful speculation has been indulired
In by our opponents in what they are pleased
to characterize as a "slump" in the organiza
tion of the wage-earners In the trade union
movement of our country- They would hail
¦with Joyo-js acclaim could they record the
total extinction and destruction of our move
ment. With them the wish Is father to the
thought that they might bring about what
the'.r chief sivikei-man. Parry, lately dec;ared
tbtlr purjjufe to be. "the annihilation of labor
unions." They take unctlin to their *ouls
that the tl'sbt falling off in membership in
the trade union movement for a brief period
within the x^aEt year was the beginning of
the decline of the organized labor movement
cf our country.
The law of growth in organized labor Is as
little understood by them as it Is by others
who lack the experience or who have not had
the time, orr'crtunity or inclination to In
•j-uire and study. From the formation of the
first bona. fide trade union movement in mod
em times it has grown with each era of in
dustrial activity an* receded to some degree
with each industrial depression, but with »ach
recMrrln" revival in Industry the decree of
growth has been greater and with «ach recur
ring period of depression it has receded to a
lesser cecrr-e thar- itj> immediate predecessors.
Ai: students »f our movement appreciate these
facts and count with them. Ttie antagonists
and the Ignorant view these natural economic
chaDK*-i with exultation cr alarm.
If the employers followed their policy of
wase reductions in previous years as a sup
posed way out of Industrial stagnation, and
thereby simply accentuated the situation and
made it worse. Is It not a logical Inference
that the same ruinous policy would be pursued
MAKES MANY CLAIMS.
It is held now that there can ' be no real
natural famine in the world because of the
easy facilities with which the remotest corners
of the earth can be reached. Purely If this
be true, and no Informed,' «ane, reasonable
beirg disputes It. there Is an utter absence of
excuse for non-employment, hunger, poverty
or misery in our land, a land -so- richly and
bountifully blessed. When Idleness and its
consequent misery are permitted to come
among our people It Is due entirely to rapa
cious, sordid avarice, mismanagement and in
competency on the one hand, or to - ignorant
indifference and culpable pliancy on the other.
The employers generally typify the one and
the workers formerly typified I the other.
Of course, no one who understands the com
plex conditions of Industry, economics and
the makeup of modern society, and who aided
in the formulation of this policy of our move
ment, expected to escape criticism, denuncia
tion, and condemnation from labor's oppo
nents. It was expected and anticipated. It
would have civen us cause to inquire as to
the accuracy of our course had the position
we took met the approval of these who did
not understand, ffnd those who. sordid, short
sighted, mad, rush for immediate gain and
behind them to a beneficent movement,
not fcr labor alone, but for the common weal.
In former periods when an industrial reac
tion -was manifest, employers generally viewed
the situation from their own Immediate stand
point only, without regard to their own broad
Interest or the general good. Their first re
course was to that which to them seemed
the ea«le*t course to continue the operation
of their plants — to find markets. They re
duced wages. Reduction of wages followed In
quick order; the consuming power of the
masses was curtailed and still more limited,
entailing wholesale discharges of workmen who
were formerly employed In producing the
things the masses, the -workers, formerly con
sumed. Inducing and giving the further cause
i.o ct ill further entaiiment of consumption and
production and still more discharges of work
men, until millions were unemployed: the
wheels cf industry and commerce paralyzed:
until men were walking the- highways and
byways of our country in Idleness, wiille pov
erty, hunger and misery stalked through our
land.
Sixth— Prevent industrial conflicts wherever
possible, and particularly to resist all attempts
to reduce wares.
Fifth— Voluntarily and faithfully abide by
and fulfill th<» terms of agreements and the
awards of arbitrators thereunder.
Third— Stand shoulder to shoulder In stress
and strife: to help bear each other's burdens
and perfect the bends of brotherhood.
Fourth — Endeavor to maintain industrial
peace by trade agreements with employers.
In my report to the last convention occa
sion was taken to call attention to what
was then apparent to but few, that we were
then confronted with an Impending: Industrial
reaction. It was stated that though the re
action was then not pronounced yet it was
Impending, and that if a wise course was
pursued by us the reaction could and would
be prevented from developing Jnto an In
dustrial crisis or panic. The Boston conven
tion, readily realizing the situation, promptly
adopted the suggestion made to meet and
overcome It; and the toilers. organized
and unorganized. responded In a man
ner that should cause; us not only
irreat irratlflcatlon. but should receive
the lasting- gratitude of all the people of our
entire country. The recommendations we
made to our fellow workers consisted of six
important features:
First—Organize, unite and federate.
Second— Have faith and confidence In them
selves and each other.
THE BOSTON' CONVENTION.
The average membership of our affiliated
unions upon which per capita tax has been
paid to the American Federation of Labor for
the year ending September 30, 1904, Is 1,670 •
COO. The average membership of our affiliated
unions upon which per capita tax was paid to
the Amerft-an Federation of Labor for the year
ending September 30. l»03. was 1.465,800.
W* shall no doubt be confronted with the
kfenfst opposition In the near future. There
are thos- who will not understand the purposes
of the organized labor movement and the good
work whu-h It is doing and which it can and
will do. and it therefore behooves us to de
vot» our attention and to concentrate our
efforts more largely in bringing to the atten
tion of the yet unorganized how necessary it
is for the protection of themselves and those
d^pend^nt upon them to secure and maintain
the vantage ground already trained, and not
only to save all from the inevitable downward
peth that leads from a lack of comprehensive
and united effort, but to secure and realize
the hefes and aspirations of the tolling masses.
Therefore, with unbounded faith In the ulti
mate triumph of our great cause, the logical
ar.d natural development of our great move
ment, we may all take on new obligations and
assume new vows to leave no effort untried
•which Fhall bring within the beneficent fold
o T the trade union movement the wage workers
the wealth producers of America, So lone
a« th»-re is a wrong- unrlichted, . or a right
dtnied to the people, so long Is there work
for the trade un'on movement to-do.
Despite the destructive purpose^ of labor's
antagonists I am in a position to report that
with the exception of a slight recession al
rtady indicated, there has been a sum total
of great gain in the membership of the or
ganizations affiliated to the American Federa
tion of Labor. From October 1. 1903, to Sep
tember 30. 1904, we Issued from the American
I-ederatlon of Labor the following charters:
International unions, 11; State federations 5;
central labor unions. 99; local trade unions
and federal labor unions, 32S; total. 443.
Eight of these international unions were
eiRanized by us from formerly affiliated char
tered local unions during the past year. A
number of international unions have become
amalgamated with other International unions
kindred to their trade. At the end of the
fiscal year. September 80, 1004. there were
affiliated w!th the American Federation of
Labor 120 International unions, consisting of
arrrcximately, 27.000 local unions of theii
respective trades and callings, 32 State federa
tions. Sd> central labor unions 1271 local
trade unions «nd federal labor unions; total.
ISSUE OF CHARTERS.
The wan-earners have come to realize that
their onlv hoi>e for the protection of their
material Interests In our time, the only op
portunities for the promotion of these ln
tert-s*- in the future, as well as the mainstay
for the rights and liberties In the present, to
which they and those who may lollow are
entitled, lie In unity, organization and federa
tion. And they have recognized, too, to a
greater extent than heretofore that their
cohesion during a period of industrial reaction
Is the enVctunl check upon the material de
terioration In their condition with all that that
Implies. To these reasons and causes, to
gether with greater intelligence and a fair con
ception of their rights, may be attributed the
almost infinitesimal decline In membership
within the recent past.
When it is borne in mind that the trade
union movement of America Is, comparatively
speaking, etill in Its infancy; when there 1»
taken into consideration the vast extend of
territory as well as the makeup of different
nationalities speaking foreign tongues, the
great development in industry and the con
centration of wealth, using its powers to pre
vent or crush out organizations; when all
these things are given due consideration, that
«<• have brought about any degree of fra
ternity and homogeneity should be counted to
our credit rather than to our detriment.
It is not necessary here to recount the ad
vantages which have been secured by our
movement In the interests of our fellow work
ers. Not only are our records of achieve
ments available to all, but the better results
in th« home, the more material Improvement
the social and moral advancement, as well as
political Independence, and the character and
manhood of our working people, are the best
attestation, demonstration and proof of the
etlorts. the work, the alms, methods and
ennobling purposes of our. movement.
Deals With History of Strikes
of a Year in the United States
Many Delegates Are Still to Be Seated
Before Work May Proceed.
SUBMITS CREDENTIALS
COMMITTEE REPORT.
TELLS OF CONVENTIONS
HELD AT BOSTON.
/\a many cities employers, antagonistic to
labor, have formed themselves Into so-called
citizens' alliances and have undertaken to prop
agate the policy of the destruction of organ
ized labor, their first effort being directed
to what they are pleased to term the "open
shop," and to attack the union shop under
the false assertion that It is a "closed shop."
In my last reoort I had occasion to give this
subject considerable attention. Since then
some have pretended that the entering Into an
agreement of an employer with a union by
which exclusively union men are to be em
ployed by him is in violation of law; that It
denies the right to employment of workmen
who are not members of the unions.
In the first instance the claim Is absurd
when It Is known that the union not only
opens wide Its doors, inviting all to Join, but
sends out its organizers and missionaries to
Induce by every honorable means within their
power the non-unionists to share In the ad
vantages that come from united and associated
effort. But quite apart from this consideration
is .this fact, that an employer may give a con
tmct to a. dealer to furnish him with raw ma
terial, or to erect a plant, or to furnish him
with machines, the contractor to have the ex
clusive right to furnish and provide these
things. Such a contract Implies and provides
the exclusion of all other dealers, builders, or
machinery manufacturers. Is such a contract
held to be Improper or unlawful? Are not
hundreds of thousands of contracts of this
character made daily? The agreement between
DISCUSSES OPEX SHOP.
The vantage position now occupied by labor
was not brought to it on a silver platter, but
was contended for and won by the unity of
the workers, by the burdens which they have
borne, and the sacrifices they have made.
More thorough organization, a greater willing
ness, to accumulate funds In the unions,- the
spirit of fraternity and solidarity, will bring
their own reward and the recognition not only
of employers but of the world. It may be
safely asserted that as a rule. In our time,
those who have no power to insist upon and
maintain their rights have no rights to main
tain.
Wealth and the combination of wealth are
the means and the power of the employers In
any difference or dispute with labor as to
the conditions of employment. Those possess
ing means and power yield little or nothing to
those of opposite interests, when the latter
possess little or no means or power to resist
oppression. We must come to realize what
a prominent newspaper recently frankly, even
If brutally, uttered, that "there is no senti
ment in business," and that "industrial plants
are not eleemosynary institutions." Altruism,
though more generally preached. Is not prac
ticed; and particularly does this apply in the
relations of employers to workers. Though we
may contend that ethical considerations should
enter into the discussion of the wage workers'
demands for a better return for their labor,
their rightful demand for a higher and a bet
ter life, we should all realize that the con
ception and desideratum In the Industrial prob
lem will receive a magnificent Impetus when
labor is better organized, federated and
equipped with means and power to enforce
Its rights.
We would abolish war, industrially as well
as internationally: but Its abolition must come,
and It will come from conscious' power. In
telligent and broader humanity. May the day
never come when peace Is proclaimed or main
tained because of the inanition of the work
ers. Peace, to be desirable, to be lasting,
advantageous and humane, must come from a
virile and Intelligent manhood. We want no
peace, and there never will be peace, found
ed upon the servility and degradation of the
workers.
But apart from strikes concretely considered
and the accumulation of funds with which to
win them when undertaken, there Is another
important side to this question to be con
sidered, and that Is, the maintenance of in
dustrial peace. It Is a condition for- which
wo may devoutly pray and work; but so long
as private greed or short-sighted, lnterestt
dominate the Judgment and actions of employ
ers. Just so ions- will strikes, or better still,
the preparedness of labor to strike, be the
determining factor to bring about industrial
peace on a more equitable basis, add to pre
vent an industrial rupture.
Of course, no one pretends or believes that
all strikes can be won. but that greater
victories will be won and fewer defeats will
occur when oxir unions have accumulated
funds not even our most rabid antagonists
will dispute. _
May I use tile homely phrase of saying that
we are not yet "out of the woods." and that
the advice and watchword should go forth
from this convention of the American Fed
eration of Labor to the tollers of our country
to resist by .every honorable and lawful means
at their command any and every attempt to
reduce wages. At the risk of criticism I re
peat last year's paraphrase that in the offer
of waere reductions it Is better to resist and
lose than not to resist at all. The resistance
will at least demonstrate that labor is an
equation and factor which must not be ig
nored In the material, economic. Industrial,
commercial and social affairs and welfare of
our people and our country.
During the past year some strikes occurred,
and among them some were lost; that is. they
were not crowned with the immediate success
for which they were inaugurated. And It is
not only Just, but timely, to say that each
of these failed of its object by reason of the
fact that the men did not profit by the
experience of others and take time by the
forelock. In times of Industrial tranquillity
and while they were employed they failed to
contribute Anything like commensurate dues In
their unions, andi to provide themselves with
the ammunition of industrial contest, a good
treasury. There was not one strike which
failed during the entire year but which the
leaders and management were confident could
and would have been crowned with victory if
but a good, round sum had been in the treas
uries of their organizations.
RESISTANCE IS URGED.
In considering this entire subject In its eco
nomic and social aspect, we dare not fall to
realize the difference- between resistance to
¦wage reductions and the movements for wage
advances during periods of Industrial reactions.
It Is a science becoming more generally un
derstood by labor to know when to strike and
when not to strike; to know for what to striTce
and for what not to strike. It Is said that
it is not wise to strike on a so-called "failing
market" It cannot however, successfully be
gainsaid that a strike or preparedness to strike
in resisting an offer of wa^e reduction will
prevent the market from falling still lower. It
may not be, and undoubtedly Is not, wise or
prudent to strike for ware advancement on a
downward industrial trend, yet it Is better
that even this economic error be committed
than a complacent acceptance of wage reduc
tions.
The results of labor's policy are our best Jus
tification, and even though contemporary com
ment may not generally accord us the credit
and commendation which are Justly our due,
we have the knowledge and satisfaction of the
lasting service and benefit which we have ren
dered our fellow man.
Fifth — The prospect for a revival In Indus
try and commerce In the future Is brighter, as
compared with any similar previous period.
Sixth— There U less acute feeling of unrest
among workmen and employers generally,
business men and all our people.
Seventh — There are more workmen and em
ployers in agreement and understanding.
Eighth — There is a more general . effort to
brin* about more rightful relations between
workmen and employers.
Ninth — There Is a better conception of the
rights and duties of man to man. a more gen
eral satisfaction among our people with the
present, and a more gratifying and hopeful
outlook for the future.
Fourth — The era of industrial stagnation, as
compared with former like conditions, has
been shortened.
la the present era.? Are all the dire experi
ences and sufferings of our people to go for
naucht? Should we permit Ignorant indiffer
ence on our part to make us culpable for a
repetition of the awful conditions which fol
lowed In the wake of the former mischievous
and wrongful course of our employers, or shall
we continue the course which we last year de
clared when we had the prescience to foresee
the danger with which we were threatened?
Organized labor then called a halt and de
clared the entire policy of wage 'reductions un
wise, wrongful and dangerous to the well be
ing of labor and of all our people.
We were fully aware that It would be Im
possible to prevent all wage reductions, but
we can view the result of our last year's
declaration of policy of resistance to wage re
ductions with satisfaction and pride. We can
challenge our critics and opponents to compare
the past year, when we were confronted with
an industrial reaction, with a year of similar
industrial situation, and It will demonstrate
beyond cavil or doubt that —
First — Wage reductions have been checked.
Second — Th« Industrial situation has not be
come acute, aa was the uniform course for
merly.
Third — Much idleness, poverty, suffering and
misery have been prevented.
If a policy of so-called Industrial form of. or
ganization be Justifiable and advantageous,
as against that of the trade union form, with
Its constant development, with changing condi
tions in industry, then an organization formed
a few months ago in San Antonio. Texas, is
the best expression and exponent of that no
tion for that organization sneers contemptu
ously at the organization of the different unton3
of the building trades, and styles Itself "The
United Brotherhood of Builders of America.
It denounces roundly the trade unions, and in
the usual language of the so-called Industrial
ists Invites to membership in the one organ
ization carpenters and plumbers, painters and
bricklayers plasterers and bridge and struc
tural iron workers, electrical workers and hod
carriers, building laborers and machinists, and
every man who is either directly or remotely
employed In the preparation of the material
for ft building or In the construction of the
building itself. It necessarily followa that if
such a form of organization Is most «dvan
tageous to the workmen employed In the build
ing trades it will apply with equal advantage
to all others. This Is the logical result of the
reasoning • of some of our mistaken fellow
trade unionists, who. with more enthusiasm
than clearness of vision, urge what they eu
phoneously call an Industrial form of organ
ization. ,,.
Our trade union movement, which deals with
conditions as they arise and takes advantage
of experience to turn it to the best account of
our fellow-workmen, may not be so alluring;
it may not bear the apparent glamour and dash
which some would have the labor movement
assume but ours is the movemerft of labor,
founded upon the historic development of the
tollers' associated effort; It battles In labor's
interests to-day, and is marshaling the forced
of united labor in Its regiments and bat
talions the better to defend, the better to
withstand, the better to maintain, the better
to clear the pathway for a safer and more
successful advance to-morrow and to-morrow.
The defense fund has been of vast benefit
to our directly affiliated unions, not only
In sustaining our members In any difficulty,
but particularly ir. preventing employers' at
tacks The realization that t*ie men of or
ganized labor have a defense fund which can
be concentrated upon any given point to pro
tect the rights and Interests of our fellow
workers hae had a palpable and beneficent
Experience has shown that our prcseat law
upon -this subject Is somewhat def«-.lve, nnd
which it has been neceesary by administrative
acts to overcome. I suggest, however, that
they be remedied by their legal enastnunt Into
our constitution, and therefore recommend the
adoption of changes and amendments. •
The union labels have been a source of great
advantage to labqr and to all people. The la
bel Is at once a guarantee and an assurance
that the conditions under which an article is
produced have been comparatively fairer and
better- • that the labor of children has not en
tered Into lt« production: that convict. Chi
nese sweat shop or other inferior labor is no
component part entering into the production of
the article; that the sanitary conditions at
tending Its production are of the highest or
der thus affording the friends of our move
ment the opportunity to sympathize with Its
purpose, as well as giving our own constitu
ent membership the opportunity of exercising
their powers • of patronage, that they may
give their material as well as their moral sup
port and encouragement. - * \.
In order that the best Information upon the
history philosophy and purposes of the union
label may be available to the uninformed and
the opponent, as well as to afford our own
membership the better opportunity to answer
the whys and .wherefore of .the union label,
the executive committee gave 'me power to of
fer prizes for the best three essays upon the
subject of the union label. Impartial examin
ation and • awards were made upon • the es
says submitted, the Judges being Henry W.
Sherman, general secretary of • the Brother
hood of Electrical Workers; Arthur E. Holder,
assistant editor of the International Associa
tion of Machinists' Journal, and Joseph M.
Johnson, then president of Columbia Typo
graphical Union No. 101. Th« Judges made the
following awards: First. prize. Walter Macar
thur -of '-San Francisco: second, prize, P. H.
Shevlln of- Cincinnati; third prize, Charles D.
No observing, experienced and faithful trade
unionist believes that a hard and fast rule of
Jurisdiction can bo proclaimed and enforced
which will apply with exactitude to all trade
unions alike. There are different conditions,
circumstances and environments in most in
stances and each must be approached, con
sidered and determined with particular refer
ence to Its immediate and kindred trade, oc
cupation and development
The Scranton convention appointed a special
committee, consisting of James Duncan. John
Mitchell. John Mulholland. T. M. Hughes and
myself, to consider and report^upon the ques*
tion of trade autonomy and Jurlsdictlonal dis
putes. The report of that committee was
unanimously adopted. Perhaps it was then.
bf it is now. the best expression of the Judg
ment of our movement upon these subjects,
and It is commended anew to your very serious
consideration. \ It stands out In significant con
trast to the logical disastrous consequences
which would result to the interests of labor
were It possible to Introduce what some are
pleased to term Industrialism.
UNITED BROTHERHOOD.
It also affords me pleasure to be enabled to
report to you that the effort to eliminate a
source of constant friction and conflict in the
carpentry trade will In a short time, I firmly
believe, be crowned with success. At our
recommendation the United Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of America and the-
American District of the Amalgamated Socletyi
of Carpenter* and Joiners submitted their mat
ters of difference to arbitration, selecting A.
Strasser as umpire. His award made pro
vision for a rational and advantageous form
of amalgamation, providing in the meantime
for a working agreement, which in the main
has been faithfully complied with. I am ad
vlyed that the United Brotherhood has in
structed its president to appoint a committee
to meet a like committee of the Amalgamated
Society for the purpose of arranging the de
tails of the amalgamation and to submit the
same to a referendum vote of the membership
of the brotherhood for ratification; that the
Amalgamated Society is now voting upon the
proposition, the highest authority in .that or
ganization having favorably recommended it
to the membership. If this be ratified and
amalgamation occur, which we earnestly hope
will be done,' one great source of contention
will have disappeared from labor's field of
usefulness. The matter is more fully covered
In the executive council's report. "
In several ca«-s, after conferences.' many
matters of Jurisdiction have been adjusted with
rood results to all parties concerned. A num
ber of the Jurisdlctlonal disputes which have
largely . occupied the attention of. former con
ventions, have. If possible, become still more
acute and have entailed upon your officers an
enormous amount' of work, expenditure of time
a* well as expense to the federation without
bringing a compensatory advantage to the
men or to the organizations engaged In such
controversies. .
Notwithstanding every effort to help In the
solution of the disputes relative to trade union
Jurisdiction much progress cannot be reported.
In the case of the International Association of
Allied Metal Mechanics and the other ma
chinery and metal trade unions, you will be
gratified, I. am sure, to be officially advised
that by a conciliatory spirit * manifested by
all directly interested an addition to the vol
untary self-effacement of the officers of the
allied metal mechanics, that International as
sociation, November 1, 1904, amalgamated with
and became part of the International Associa
tion of Machinists.
Union In Its effort to enforce the eight-hour
day, but that a special committee be appointed
by this convention to give the subject-matter
ter consideration; that the committee should
consult with the officers and representtives of
the International Typographical Union durln*
the convention and report thereto before ad
journment; that either that committee or an
other committee be authorized to be appointed
for the purpose of co-operating with the excu
tive council of the American Federation of La
bor and the officers of the Typographical Union,
so that he best possible aid can be rendered to
our fellow workers in the great movement that
they have undertaken and In which they have
the hopes, wishes, prayers, and co-operation
of every one interested In the welfare of the
human family and the progress and civilization
of our people.
Of course. In the effort to help one particular
organization, especially in the laudable purpose
it has mapped out for Itself to achieve, we
are not circumscribed or limited in our effort
to help any and all of our fellow •workmen
who are In a position to make any effort
for the advancement or promotion of their
Interests. We shall, therefore, welcome not
only the initiative of our fellow unionists to
obtain Improved conditions, and particularly
the Improved conditions that come from e.
shorter workday, but we shall be glad to help
In the Initiation of any movement that will
contribute in any way toward the protection,
the promotion of the conditions and Interests
of our fellow workmen, and to render them
every assistance within our power. ~
JURISDICTION TREATED.
These propositions were submitted to a ref
erendum vote of the membersnlp of the Inter
national Typographical Union. No official In
formation has'yet been given me as to the final
result of thfe vote. From Information received,
however, it is certain that the proposition has
been favorably decided. The membership at
the Fame time voted in favor of assessing
themselves to accumulate a defense fund in
the meantime, to stand the members in good
stead should necessity require them to enforce
their demands by a cessation of work.
The American Federation of Labor has been
of Incalculable benefit to a large number of
International unions and! local unions In the
introduction and enforcement of the eight-hour
workday, as attested by the. large number of
our fellows who now work under that rule.
Inasmuch as the International Typographical
Union has taken the initiative of its own ac
cord in the matter of Introducing and enforcing
the eight-hour'workday.- 1 submit for your con-
Eide'ratlon and recommend that this movement
of the International Typographical Union re
ceive the sincere and hearty Indorsement and
co-operation of this convention of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor, and of every union
member as well as every wage earner and
those who sympathize with practical, evolu
tionary, economic progress.
It Is not now known whether there will be
any contest against the eight-hour day;
whether any antagonistic action will be taken
by the employers to the men. We do know,
however, that at the last convention of the
employing printers of the United States, or
ganized under , the name of . the Typothetae,
a resolution was adopted declaring against that
movement. In any event. It seems clear to
me that every action should be taken by this
convention and by our organizations generally,
not only to pledge the support of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and Its affiliated
unions to the International Typographical
Taking cognizance of the vast progress In
the development of the printing trade, the In
ternational Typographical Union at Its last
convention adopted a resolution declaring that
on January 1, 1900. a general eight-hour work
day shall be enforced. The effort' is to be
made to secure the co-operation of the printing
employers and to bring about the change by
mutual agreement.
PRINTERS' MOVEMENT.
It Is a matter of keen gratification to be
enabled to state that the labor movement of
Canada has advanced and is progressing, keep
ing full Dace with the movement of the re
ma'nder of fie American continent. At the
recent congress held in Montreal the officers
were enabled to report an increase In the
membership of the unions of IKKB over the
preceding year; that there waa then in exist
ence In Canada 1567 local unions. V,« have
continued the- salaried ,oixanixer. for Canada
exclusively and also-.tfee corps of volunteer
organizers and have contributed from our funds
the annual gTatot of *50o for. legislative pur
poses to the Dominion Trades and Lebor Con
gress. The congress, I have been advised, was
entirely harmonious and successful in Its work
and has honored us by electing as Its fra
ternal delegate Its former president and our
general orcanlzer. John A. Flett. .
In my lam report I took occasion to refer
to a number of detail matters in connection
with the labor movement of Canada affiliated
to that of the United States which, though
appropriate to-day, need not be . recounted
here, but simply referred to as a matter of
information and continuity. I am pleased to
add that the kindly and fraternal relations
heretofore existing have been cultivated to the
fullest and. If popsible. been more firmly
cemented. Let us hope and work to the end
that an time goes on, we may be heluful to
each other In every way to further the com
mon Interests of the workers of both countries.
The n«mber of unions in Porto Rico di
rectly affiliated to the American Federation
of Labor the first of the- year were 1 Insular
or State organization. 3 centrals, 7 locals,
making a total of 11. September 30. 19W. there
were affiliated 1 Insular or State organization,
4 centrals 38 locals, making a total of 43.
In addition to the above Organizer Igleslas
reports that forty- two locals were onwntzed
and attached to the international unions dur
ing the twelve months. A comparison of the
flcures and dates shows that a large majority
of these unions were organized after my visit
to Porto Rico. \
The people of Porto Rico are intensely
sympathetic with the institutions of our re
public and universally desire the recognition of
the principle* of equality with the sovereign
citizenship of the United States. These rights
they are eminently qualified to exercise; these
rights they are entitled to. and it should be
our aim to aid them in achieving them.
Porto Rico literally translated into English
words reads "Port of Riches," the name given
by a monarch of Spain. Now the misnomer
of their Island mocks the people In their grim
and grotesque misery.
I strongly urge that every effort be made,
not only by this convention, but also by every
union, union member and sympathizer, to
help to the very best of his ability the worthy
workers of Porto RJco to a realization of a
better and brighter day.
WORK OF ORGANIZING.
Tho union shop in no sense Involves a denial
of the right of every man to sell his labor as
he may see fit, nor the employer to hire such
labor. In fact, it is an affirmative to that
rtght. Employers have the lawful right to hire
any labor they may choose, but it does not give
them the right to impress workmen or to en
slave them, or to drag them Into a factory
on any terms the employer may choose to
grant as an expression of his •"kindliness."
Employers have the right to make contracts
for labor. This right carries with It, also, the
same rights of the workmen. It. therefore, fol
lows that If the workers have the right to sell
their labor as they see fit, they also have the
right NOT to sell It to employers, unless It
be. through the collective bargain of the union
shop. As an illustration. I recently asserted
that every man has the right to say, "'I will
not work for you unless you make a contract
with the union to which I belong and agree
to emrloy none but members of that union.
To claim that he may not say this Is equiva
lent to saying that he must sell his labor, not
as he sees fit. but as the employer sees fit.
Can any reasonable answer be made, or criti
cism indulged in, when employers find it to
their advantage to make a contract with a
reputable body of men to employ union labor
exclusively and thus eliminate the possibility
of strikes, disputes, factions and losses? To
this our opponents, the so-called citizens al
liances can make no answer. Their policy
consists of evasion and willful misrepresenta
tion of the alms and purposes of organized
labir of the collective bargain, of the working
agreement, of the union shop.
The open- shop cant and hypocrisy aim at
organized labor with the full knowledge that
it. and it alone, stands between the tollers
with those dependent upon them and the
greed and avarice that would force down the
conditions of labor to a bare subsistence,
lengthen the hours of daily toll and make the
home wretched and desolate.
The division and subdivision of labor and Its
specialization, brought about by Inventions of
machines and new tools of labor, have robbed
workmen of their power of individual freedom
of contract with their employers. Their only
opportunity for anything- . like fair or advan
tageous terms under which to sell their labor
Is in associating themselves with their fellow
workmen in making a collective bargain, a
working agreement; in other words, a union
and a contract by the union with employers
for their labor and the conditions under which
it shall be sold.
an employer and a union Is for members of
the union to furnish that employer with labor
of certain qualifications for a specific period
of time, the consideration being the payment
of stipulated wares as a minimum. That
others are by their own short-sighted policy
or Indifference excluded from the provisions
and benefits of such an agreement is their
own fault and against which they have neither
the legal nor the moral right to contend. •
The organized labor movement is the asso
ciated effort of more than two million of adult
wealth producers. It is the unselfish action
of the most lntellicent and the earnest mani
festation of the most enlightened self-interest
which seen that interest best served by help
ing to protect and promote the Interests of
others. ' .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL\ TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15; 1904.
Urges Upon Followers That They Must Resist Reduction
of Wages by Lawful Means at Their Command.
Takes Notice of the Open Shop
In former periods when an Industrial reaction was manifest, em
ployers generally viewed the situation from their own Immediate
standpoint only, without regard to their own broad Interest or the
general good. Their first recourse was to that which to them seemed
the easiest course to continue the operation of their plants— to find
markets. They reduced wages. Reduction of wages followed In quick
order; the consuming power of the masses was curtailed and still more
'limited, pnt-niHng wholesale discharges of workmen who were formerly
employed In producing the things the masses, the workers, formerly
consumed, inducing and giving the further cause to still further cur
tailment of consumption and production and still more discharges of
workmen, until millions were unemployed, the wheels of Industry and
commerce paralyzed. •£;£'£&.
ASKS FOR STRONGER MEASURES
FOR EXCLUDING THE CHINESE
GOMPERS CRITICIZES EMPLOYERS.
GOMPERS MAKES REPORT
HEAD OF ORGANISATION REVIEWS WORK OF YEAR AND EXPRESSES OPINIONS STRONGLY
UPON GREAT VARIETY OF MATTERS, INCLUDING SUBJECT OF INCORPORATION OF UNIONS
3
To-Day's Events.
Convention in session nt Lyric
Hall, hiorninc j and afternoon.
'^^EVEXING^ ¦;
Mass-meeting in Oakland, to
be addressed by national dele-
gates.
Stationa'ry Firemen's smoker
to • representative delegates at
Shlcls Hall." 32 O'Farrell street.
ADVERTISEMENT*^
4Tar j&*f& WWaT^yBflWOPl SSS9 Dv i&jjfl fin JBfif & inrfiM* wSm VH
ioi SANDWICHES • ' -. ' ioi SALADS >
ioi CANDIES ioi BEVERAGES
ioi CHAFING DISH RECIPES
5 Gustatory Classics invaluable for all occasions. Each volume
Paper, 50c net. Post 4c.
Canvas, $1.00 net. Post 5c.
PAUL ELDER ®> CO.
238 POST STREET . . . SAN FRANCISCO.
APVERTISEMEXTS.
For Strenuous Life
it is necessary to have your system in
good working order— to havean energy
born of perfect health and strength —
it is imperative that each organ be
kept in free action, and BEECHAM'S
PILLS are foremost of the few things
that will do it
For Active Brains
your liver must be right, your stomach
in a healthy condition and your kidneys
properly performing their peculiar
functions, or your body won't stand
the strain and your brain won't be
active. If you would have a clear
head and keen perception, eet a box
of EEECHAMS PILLS, use them and
see how much more alive you will be.
For Perfect Health
there is no greater promoter than these
famous Pills. You will find it so all
over the world, and, mark you/ the
most perfect specimens of manhood,
womanhood and childhood are the
users of
Sold Everywhere
In Boxes, lOc. and 25cLONE IIIGHWAYMAN HOLDS ,*
UP PLACER COUNTY STAGE
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 14.— The con
solidation of the Santa Cruz Electric
Railway and the Watsonville, Capitola
and Santa - Cruz Electric Railway is
now complete. They will hereafter
be known as the Union Traction Com
pany. E. A. Cole has been appointed
superintendent. ¦ ;
Railway Companies Consolidate.
SAN BERNARDINO, • Nov. 14.-r-
Rev. Dr. M. B. Shaw, pastor of the
Baptist church here, was seized with
a pain in the-left ear Friday, and Sat
urday his jaws commenced to set He
preached with difficulty yesterday and
his condition being worse this morn
ing, a physician was consulted. The
doctor extracted from 1 the, minister's
ear a big "foxtail.". : '
The. barb-must have been.in the ear
two months. | It was slowly penetrat
ing the ear drum and. working toward
the brain. ' But a few hours more and
the sharp grass head would 'have done
irreparable probably causing
death. .
"Foxtail" Gets in - Divine's Ear and
Causes Appearance of First v
Symptoms of Tetanus.
LOCKJAW THREATENS
A BAPTIST PREACHER
WOODLAND, Nov. 14. — The saloon
of Abe Morris of thiscitywas gobbed
last night of $150. The burglars
opened the outer door of a«afe, which
contained about $150 and a small iron
box, the contents of which are not
known, as the proprietor is away from
home. The box was forced open and
everything was taken except a few
papers. Considerable money and val
uables were in an inner steel vault,
which the burglars failed to open.
Woodland Saloon Robbed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. — Arch
bishop Chapelle, Bishop. of Louisiana,
Cuba and Porto Rico, who last week
returned from Rome, where he. spent
some time in consultation with the of
ficials of the Vatican, to-day paid his
respects to President Roosevelt. He
presented to the President a verbal
message of esteem and good will from
Pope Pius X. The President ex
pressed pleasure at the receipt of
the message. After a brief visit to
Mgr. O'Connell, rector of the Catholic
University, .Archbishop Chapelle will
go to New Orleans and thence to Ha
vana.
Conveys to Him » a Messaee of
'-'^'Esteem and Good Will From ;".C,"
• nhe Pope. .
Every boat has a prow, but it
doesn't feel proud of It.
ARCHBISHOP CIIAPELLE
VISITS THE PRESIDENT
According to one of the officials at
the Paris Musuem of Natural History
there are about 400,000 species of ani
mals on land and in the ocean; 28,000
of these are Insects.
An Englishman has been sent to an
insane asylum through too much study
of newspaper puzzles. .
STOCKTON, Nov. 14. — Thomas
Corcoran, a pioneer and a member of
the Murphy-Enright party which
came to California in 1848, who died
at Santa Cruz last Saturday, was
buried here to-day.. He was 76 years
eld and leaves a son and two daugh
ters. - * : : A
Pioneer's Life Is Ended.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 14. — The
application of Charles P. Hawkes for
a saloon license at Burlingame, near
the depot, came up before the Board
of Supervisors to-day. The license
was opposed by "all, Burlingame prop
erty-owners and the Southern Pacific
Railroad. Aftet hearing from the
Protestants and their attorneys.
Hawkes, realizing the futility of a
fight in the face of such strong oppo
sition, withdrew his application.
Applicant for License Withdraws Be
cause of Opposition ' of the
;,"* Property-Owners.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. — It was said
here to-day unofficially, but on what
was considered good authority, that J.
P. Morgan & Co. and H. B. Hollins &
Co. have an option on a majority of
the stock of the Cincinnati, Hamilton
and Dayton Railroad. Representa
tives of these two firms are said to
have started on a tour of inspection of
the property.
Have Option on a Railway.
SALOONS ARE NOT WANTED
/ IN BURLINGAME TOWN
The machinery was started in all
the mills controlled by the Manufac
turers' Association promptly at 6:30
o'clock this morning and it is under
stood that it will be kept In operation
for two or three days, after which,
unless the strikers return to work in
large numbers, it will be stopped
again.
FALL RIVER, Mass.. Nov. 14. — An
attempt to-day by the manufacturers
to open the cotton mills in this city,
which have been closed for nearly
four months by the strike of the op
eratives against a 12% per cent re"
duction in wages, resulted in failure.
The largest number of operatives to
report at any one mill for work wa*
forty, at the King Philip Mill. At the
other places from eight to twenty
were on hand. - . :,
Attempt to Open the Fall River Cot
ton Mills Faila.
Special Land Agent James Houston,
who makes his headquarters in this
city, found out what" was going- on
and enlisted the aid, of City Marshal
Poole in running the men down. They
found this afternoon that there is
no such company as Miller claims to
represent, and as they, had secured
receipts from* victims signed by. Miller
and Boren, the manipulators 'were
arrested.
REDDING, Nov. 14. — H. W. Miller
and a man named Boren were arrest
ed to-night on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses in connec
tion with what is alleged to be timber
land frauds. They arrived here . on
November 7 with F. E. Kincare from
Roseburg, Ore., where Miller and
Kincare are alleged to have had
trouble with the Government over
timber land. Miller claimed here to
represent the Washington Mill and
Lumber Company of Seattle. He
said his company wanted a number of
people to exercise their timber land
rights and. to put up $36 for the ex
pense of filing. They were promised,
it is alleged, that they would receive
$639 from his company for each
quarter, se'etion when they proved up
at a cost of $400.'
Redding Officials Take Into Custody
Two Men Accused of Fraudulent
Timber Land Deals.
FEW RETURN TO WORK.
ALLEGED SCHEMERS JAILED'
FOR FLEECING THE PUBLIC
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 14. — Official
notice of the relocation of the char
ter of the Central Labor Union by the
American Federation of Labor was
read to-night at the meeting of the
former btody. The charter was re
voked because the local body refused
to recognize delegates from the United
Association of Steam Fitters. A mo
tion to send President Gompers a re
port of the arbitration committee, in
which it advises the reorganization of
both associations of steam fitters, was
adopted.
Indianapolis Body Lrarns of Action by
American Federation. !
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— It ap
pears from developments to-day that
President Roosevelt's directions re
garding the employment of sewing
women, most of them widows of sol
diers, at the Schuykill Arsenal in
Philadelphia have not been carried
into effect. Michael Francis Daly of
Philadelphia, representing the sewing
women, called upon the President to
day and informed him that his orders
hud not been heeded: that only a part
ot the work had been restored to the
women. He pointed out that the mak
ing of trousers, which amounts to
about $500,000 a year, had been with
held fromMhe women in direct contra
vention of the President's order.
After hearing Doyle's statement the
President sent a note to the War De
partment asking for a report on the
matter and calling attention to the
fact that he - had directed that the
work be given to the women. He in
dicated his intention of ascertaining
who had violated his instructions and
why they had been violated.
Roosevelt to Insist That They Be
Given Army Sewing.
UNION'S CHARTER REVOKED.
4 Caused Friction.
LOUjteVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14. — Rev.
Peyton" H. Hoge, pastor of Warren
Memorial Presbyterian Church, the
largest church in this city, has re
signed. His action was a surprise to
all but the elders of £he church.
There is a well denned story that
Dr. Hogo's resignation was caused by
the fact that the congregation seri
ously objected to his marrying Henry
M. Flagler of the Standard Oil Com
pany two years ago and that since
then there has been constant friction
between Dr. Hoge and the members
of his church. Flagler's wife was in
an insane asylum when he was mar
ried to another woman by Dr. Hoge
and the latter, it is alleged, received
an enormous fee for performing the
ceremony.
Fnct That He Performed Ceremony
for Millionaire Said to Have
SANTA^OSA, Nov. 14. — Thoma3
Rutledge. former Superior- Judge of
Sonoma County and one of Santa
Rosa's earliest Mayors, died to-day at
his residence in this city after a long
illness. Judge Rutledge was a native
of Ireland. He leaves a widow and
several children.
Former Judge Passeg Away.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 14.— Fannie
Ward Randall, widow of the late Sam
uel J. Randall, for years the Demo
cratic leader in the House of Repre
sentatives, is dead at her home at
Chestnut Hill, a suburb of Philadel
phia. She was a daughter of General
Aaron Ward of Ossining. N. Y., who
was a member of Congress from 1827
to 184 3. Mrs. Randall was well known
in official circles in Washing
ton during her husband's long career
as the Representative of the Third
Congressional District of this city, but
since his death she has been living
quietly at Chestnut Hill.
Relict of Democratic: leader Passes
Away Near Philadelphia
MINISTER WHO MARRIED
HENRY M. FLAGLER RESIGNS
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 14. — Miss Helen
Gould of New York City to-day con
ducted religious services for the thir
teen'Geisha girls, who are Federal
prisoners while awaiting the order for
their deportation to Japan or permis
sion from Washington to remain in
the- United States and fulfill a the
atrical engagement. *
Conducts Religious Services for the
Thirteen Who Are Held as
Federal I*i-i.«soners.
HELEN GOULD BEFRIENDS
GEISHA GIRLS. AT THE FAIR
CHICAGO, Nov. 14. — Miss Isadore
Rush, who was drowned at San Diego,
was well known to Chicago theater
goers. Her last appearance tiere was
in "Florodora" at McVicker's Theater,
in December of last year. In June of
1902 she rose to stellar rank in this city,
when she succeeded Edna Wallace
Hopper as Lady Holyrood . in "Floro
dora" at the Illinois Theater- She was
reckoned on* of the most' popular and
gifted of the lesser theatrical lights who
Miss Rush was born in Wilkesbarre,
Pa., about thirty-eight years ago. She
was married some years ago to a Mr.
White, who was not a theatrical man,
and ehe has a daughter upon the stage
known as, Miss Maud White; who is
now married to Tyron Power, who re
cently made a hit in "Robert Emmett."
Miss Rush also leaves a mother, who is
ill at the home of the actress at Morn
ing Side Heights. New York, and a sis
ter, Carrie Rush, who is- with their
mother.
The supposition is that Miss Rush
while battling with the breakers suf
fered an attack of heart failure, which
rendered her helpless and caused her to
drown.
The sea dur&g the past few days has
been unusually high, and, was danger
ouf even for the mftst practiced swim
mer. Mi?s Rush had the reputation of
being something of an athlete and had
taken much interest in sports of all
kinds. She was a fair Bwlmmer, but
even the most proficient man would
have had difficulty with the surf that
was running this afternoon.
Notwithstanding these unfavorable
conditions Miss Rush. Wilton Heriot. a
leading member of the company; Miss
Olney, a niece of former Secretary Ol
rey. and several others plunged into
the surf. Shortly afterward Miss Rush
and Hc-riot were swimming at a point
about midway between the old pier,
Just below the hotel, and the bathhouse,
when suddenly a huge breaker broke
over Miss Rush, who was some distance
from Heriot. The undertow caught the
ectress, and notwithstanding her fran
tic efforts to regain her feet and battle
with the waves she was swept out to
ward the sea. Heriot immediately per
ceived her peril, and hurried to her as
sistance.
H. B. Smith and wife and Fred Jaffa,
ail of whom are residents of San Diego,
were strolling on the beach and were
witnesses of the accident. They imme
diately rushed to the assistance of
Heriot, who was battling desperately
to save Miss Rush. *.* *
Within a few minutes the actresfl* in
fijilmate body was brought ashore by
Smith and Jaffa. They also* brought
Heriot, who was unconscious, to th>
shore. The actor was revived after a
few minutes, but the efforts to bring
the 'actress back to life seemed unavail
ing. Word had been sent to the hotel
for assistance, and Dr- Lorini, the
hotse physician, quickly . responded.
Won! was also sent to Dr. Goff, and
within a few minutes he too arrived on
the scene. The two physicians labored
over the unfortunate actress for more
than an hour, but in vain.
BAN DIEGO. Nov. 14.— While bathing
in the surf this afternoon Miss Isadore
Rush, the well-known actrets and the
star of the "Glittering Gloria" company,
•which was billed to appear at the Isis
Theater to-nigrht, was -caught by a
mammoth breaker and swept out to
eea. Several persons hastened to her
ecsi£tanc« and she was brought ashore
unconscious.. Two physicians were
promptly at hand and they exerted
every known means to resuscitate Miss
Rush. Once or twice there were faint
signs of returning vitality, but these
proved deceptive, and shortly after 4
o'clock the actress was pronounced
dead.
RANDALL'S WIDOW DEAD.
Included this city in their tours. When
the news of the death was made known
in Chicago to-night members of the
profession to whom she was personally
known expressed the deepest regret.
Miss Rush was booked to play in Chi
cago this winter.
Pj>#ci«Ll Difpvrh to The Call
BEAUTIFTT, AND TALENTED A<~TRESS. FTAR OF THE GLITTERING GLORIA
COMPANY. WHO WHILE BATHING YESTFRDAY IN THE SL'RF AT SAN*
DIEGO WITH MEMBERS OF THE TROUPK, MET HER DEATH.
Mecha succeeded in getting him off.
but desecrated. the land by fighting tba
medicine man in his own' house, and
after he had shot Keecha through the
head he turned tho gun on himself.
blowing out his brains. A great poiv
wow followed, great honors being done
to both bodies aa the funeral pyre
slowly consumed them.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 14.— Unapacha
Heecha. one of the great mec?'cine men
of the Flutes, is dead, having been
slain by a tribesman because he failed
to propitiate the evil apirit and bring
about better conditions among the
tribes, which live along the Colorado.
and his slaver, Arda Mecha, has killed
himself In obedience to the order of
the ruling chiefs.
The double killing occurred a few
days ago north of Spears Lake, ten
miles out from the Needles. It appears
that the medicine man had been con
demned to death because of his failure*
to drive away the spell which was
rapidly killing off the trib*. At a con
clave of braves his death was decided
upon. He was first ordered from tha
land where his hut has stood for many
years. He failed to go, believing 1 that
as soon as he stepped from the
boundary cf his property, which la
supposed to be consecrated, he would
die.
AGAIN BEFRIENDS WIDOWS.
While no authorized announcement
to that effect has yet been made, the
general opinion is that under the new
order no discrimination will be made
against the employment of union men.
DENVER. Nov. 14.— Notices were
posted pt the mill3 of the five big mines
of the Telluride district to-night that
in the future the eight-hour day would
prevail in the mills. /The plants con
cerned are those of the Smuggler-Un
ion, Liberty Bell, Tomboy, Nellie and
Alta.
. It was the demand for this concession
In the mills of the State that precipi
tated the strike in the mills and mines
of Colorado and caused the bitter strife
between the unionists and the mine
owners in the Telluride and Cripple
Creek district?.
The minimum wage promised "under
the new arrangement is $3 a day. At
one time the Western Federation of
Miners offered to accept $2 75 for an
eight-hour day.
Ep«el&l Dispatch to Th» C&U.
Elliott was in love with the Bray
girl, whom he had known since
childhood. He conducted bootblack
stands in San Francisco and Oxnard.
Coming here from the latter place he
heard that Sherman, after marrying
Bessie Bray, had forced her to lead
a disreputable life. Meeting Sherman
upon the street, at the point of a re
volver he forced him to take him to
the girl. As soon as he saw Bessie
Bray he killed Sherman.
Elliott claimed he had promised the
girl's father on his deathbed • that he
would protect her.
Elliott was declared incompetent
and sent to Agnews shortly after his
arrest. for the crime. The proceedings
to have him declared competent were
taken at his own suggestion. Dr.
Marvin testified that Elliott was now
sane and had learned to read and
write since going to the asylum.
SAN.. JOSE. ; .Nov. 14.— Harry El
liott, who on October 27, 1901, shot
and- killed John W. Sherman .. over
Besfele Bray, an Inmate of a disreput
able house! .was to-day restored ' to
mental competency, by Judge Tuttle.
He was remanded to the custody- of
the Sheriff and will now be tried for
murder.
Man Who Killed J. W. Sherman in
San Jose Restored to Compe
• teney by Court.
TRIAL OX MURDER CHARGE
AWAITS HARRY ELLIOTT
Eight-Hour Day Granted
by Employers in Tellu
ride District of Colorado
Great Medicine Man of the
Piutes Killed Because He
Did Not Best Evil Spirit
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 14. — Loren
Fletcher, Congressman-elect from
Hennepin County, is defendant in an
action in the Probate Court brought
by Sarah Hill of West Gouldsboro.
Minn;, to have reopened the probate
of the will of Mrs. Jedida S. Eastess,
mother-in-law of Fletcher, in order to
get a $500 legacy which Sarah Hill
claims was left her In the will. Sarah
•Hill claims that the estate of Mrs.
Eastess amounted to; $16;422 and that
Loren Fletcher presented to the Pro
bate Court a bill for* Mrs; Eastess
board, washing, medical attention and
funeral expenses, etc., amounting to
$17,612. He was m&de executor of the
will, and, the complaint says, took the
whole of the estate for his charges.
Sarah Hill further says that the will
was probated without any notice to
her and that when she heard of it
long afterward Fletcher dented the
existence of any such will. Loren
Fletcher was discharged as executor
April 9. 1903.
Fletcher of Minnesota Accused of
Ha vine Deprived Woman
of a Legacy.
After Seating Dr. BUle Into uncon
sciousness the burglar rifled his pock
ets and his desk, getting a small sum
of money and a number of checks.
Later the doctor was discovered in a
pool of blood and taken to a hospital.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 14. — Dr.
Waldemar Bille, aged 70 years, a well
known physician, was beaten into In
sensibility to-day in his offices in the
busiest part of St. Charles street by
a young man who came lnj to ask for
a prescription. Oc/upants of the
other portions of the building heard
the commotion. . When they tried to
enter the office the man appeared and
paid the. doctor was busy with a pa
tient.
Thug Enters Hi« Office in New Or
leans and First A«ks for a
Prescription.
CONGRESSMAN-ELECT
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
AGED DOCTOR TERRIBLY
, BEATEN BY A BURGLAR
TRIBE ORDERS
CHIEF'S DEATH
MINERS SCORE
BIG TRIUMPH
• EVANSVILLE, Ind.. v Now 14. —
Members of the Legislature recently
elected from the First District met
here to-day and unanimously indorsed
James A. Hemenway, chairman of the
Appropriations Committee in the
House of Representatives, for the Sen
ate to suceed Vice President-elect
Fairbanks.
Group of legislators in Indiana In
dorses Hemenwny.
MAY SUCCEED FAIRBANKS.
IJttle Damage In Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 14. — De
spite the severity of yesterday's storm
no serious damage has been reported
in this section. The storm has sub
side.
MARTINSVILLE. Va.. Nov. 14. —
Thomas Richardson, a Henry County
magistrate, aged 50 years, was frozen
to death on the public highway last
night.
Frozen to Death In Virginia.
ALBANY, N. Y.. Nov. 14.— Wet
show that fell to-day broke down
every telephone and telegraph wire
in this city and vicinity. At 10
o'clock last night more than half the
city was in darkness from interrupted
light circuits. The fire alarm service
was so crippled that special precau
tions were taken by the police to give
warning in case of fire. It is the
worst wire blockade the city has ex
perienced since 1 the storm of 188S.
Worst Wire Blockade in Past Sixteen
Years.
ALBANY ISOLATED.
Both parties are collecting evidence
of electidn frauds. It is proposed by
the Democrats to summon grand
juries in Denver and Pueblo to Inves
tigate.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 14. — The of
ficial canvass of the votes cast last
Tuesday is in progress and has been
completed in but a few counties. Re
vision of the unofficial returns leaves
Alva Adams' majority over Governor
James H. Peabody not less- than
10,000.
"We consider Governor Peabody*s
threat to contest the election a mere
bluff," said Democratic Chairman
Milton Smith to-day, "but we are
watching everything. I estimate that
Adams' plurality will be 11,000. Our
returns show that he carried Denver
by 5100 and the rest of the State by
as much more. The official count in
the counties where it has been com
pleted gives Adams a gain. If this
gain continues as the official count in
the rest of the counties takes place
Adams will have a plurality of
11,000."*
Chairman D. B. Fairley of the Re
publican State Central Committee said
to-day: "I estimate that when our re
turns are all in Governor Peabody will
be but a trifle over 500 behind. He
has been showing wonderful strength
In the past few days and has cut down
the majority against him greatly. We
are satisfied that he was the victim
of a conspiracy and intend contesting
every ground. We have positive evi
dence that the fraudulent votes
throughout the State will run as high
aa 15.000. We intend having all the
fraudulent votes thrown out and this
will show Peabody has been elected
by a large majority." .
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— The storm
which swept up through the Atlantic
Btates from the gulf Saturday and last
night developed into a gale of hurri
cane force as it moved up resulted in
the most complete tie-up of wire comr
munication that the East has expe
rienced since the memorable snowstorm
of 1888, disarranged, train schedules,
paralyzed trolley lines and piled sev
eral wrecks along the coast.
The downpour of rain and heavy
snow which accompanied the storm
added to the destructive force of the
gale. Telephone and telegraph poles,
borne down by the weight of snow and
ice-incrusted wires, gave way before the
sweep of the wind, and whole sections
of country were cut off. Both the tele
graph companies and the telephone
companies with long-distance wires to
day reported their fields of operations
restricted to th^ territory bounded on
the west by Philadelphia, on the east
by Boston and on the north by New
burgh, N. Y.
The big brokerage concerns in Wall
etreet, many of whom under normal
conditions operate thousands of miles
of wire, to-day found themselves prac
tically helpless. The exchanges were
no more fortunate, and the only quota
tions received from Chicago and New
Orleans were the market reports of the
Associated Press.
By an elaborate system of relays and
the use of both telephone and telegraph
wires the Associated Press succeeded
in bridging the path cut by the storm
and reached all points in the West,
North and East with the exception of
a small section In the vicinity of Al
bany. There the damage from the snow
and wind seemed beyond immediate re
pair, and with the exception of trains
there was no communication with that
section during the day. t
The general breakdown of wires was
also responsible for trouble on the rail
roads. The movements of trains could
not be reported, and delays extending
into hours in many cases resulted.
That no more disasters at sea result-
ed from the gale probably was due to
the early warning of the approaching
hurricane sent out by the Weather Bu
reau. Bulletins sent out Saturday aft
ernoon told of the gale that would
sweep the coast an* cautioned all mar
iners against leaving: port. . -
Two trusties and a. keeper employed
on Hikers Island during the storm start
ed in a small boat from the island to
One Hundred and Thirty-eighth street
to get the New York keepers. After
considerable work they managed to get
out into the river, the wind
seemed to Increase, and the. three men
were unable to reach the mainland,
the boat being swept down the river to
South Brother Island, where it was
beached. The whereabouts of the men
was unknown until to-day, and it was
feared that they had been drowned.
Chairman Fairley Claims
That 15,000 Illegal Ballots
Were Cast for Adams
Wires Blown Down, Trains JDelayed
and Wrecks Piled on Coast.
BIG FEAUDS ALLEGED
ISADORE RUSH IS DROWNED
ATTACKED BY HEART FAILURE WHILE BATHING
Colorado Republican Man
agers Confident That Pea
body Will -Retain Office
BLIZZARD LEAVES
A PATH OF RUIN
WHOLE SECTIONS CUT OFF
ACTRESS LOSES LIFE
IN THE BREAKERS
GOVERNORSHIP
YET IN DOUBT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, /NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
"You'can't tell how old an egg is
by. simply, looking at it,"; remarked the
.Wise: Guy. •' VNor; a ..woman," mur
mured.the Simple Mug.
i -¦• -r=' - - . :vj- .¦ _ . . ¦ . '
SANTA ROSA,. -Nov. 14.—Com
plaints were sworn to in Justice
Atchinson!s court . to-day charging
William Cameron and Frank Corman
with I highway robbery and I burglary/
The accused robbed a madhouse last
week, and before doing so", broke into
a. residence and stole two shotguns." '¦*.
Warrants for Highwaymen.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— A total of
$3,700.000. in gold bars was engaged
at the assay office tio-day for shipment
to Parig on Thursday. Of this amount
the National City Bank will ship
$1,600,000, the Royal Bank of Canada
$1,100,000 and $1,000,000 will be sent
by Lazard Freres. I . x '
Gold Going to Paris.
AUBURN". .Nov. 14. — The George
town stage, which runs between
Georgetown, El .Dorado County, and
Auburn, Placer County, was held up
by a lone masked highwayman this
morning a few miles east of Cool. The
robber was armed with a rifle. He
took only the'registered mail.
The robber's face was covered with
a black mask. His appearance would
Indicate that he was a novice at the
business, for he appeared very nerv
ous. Bert .'Day was the driver of the
stage.- No one was harmed by the
robber. ,
Uses Rifle to Stop Conveyance and
Helps Himself to the Reg
istered Mail.
4
AD VERTlSEyiESTS. !___
DAILY SERVICE RESUMED NOVEMBER 16, 1904,
on the following schedule:
Lv. San Francisco. '. 9'3O a. m., Sun., Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs., Fri Sat.
"Oakland 0:30 a.m., « « «* « u
" San Diego .' 1 145 p. m., . ?. r " " u «
" Los Angeles .6:15 p.m., " M " «
" Pasadena 6:40 p.m., " " " " - « «
Ar. Denver .1... ...7.-.......T 6:00 p. m., Tues., Wed., Thurs.. Fri.. Sat., Sun Mon
" Kansas City .- 2:35 a.m., Wed., Thurs,, Fri., Sat., Sun., Mon ' Tues
r Ar.:ChicaKO ......: -.. 2:15 p.m., " " " " « " * x u
The Limit* of Luxury and Comfort* Is Found in the Equipment.
and Service of This Unequaled Train.
Oty Ticket. Office J%0fyn^(y
AT»yiggrT^ |r » t TOrrg. i< t
818-820 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO*
To-Morrow (Wednesday) Is Our Double Day
WINTEB UNDEBWEAB. PANCY DKXSDEST VZX.VSX '
Ladles' Vests, made of Egyptian RIBBON, all shades; reg. price.. loC
cotton, high neck and long sleeves. (Xo. 2 narrow): special, jxer yd.. lOc
winter weight; regular price 35c; f«pe- ooniSS Axn> TXDJES.
clal UOc Hand-made, to sell for 25c; our spe-
Pants, quality as above 220c C lal while they last 10c
CUSHION TOPS. FXiOSS.
A drummer's sample line made to All shades: reg. price 10c: special. « C
sell for 50c: 100 beautiful patterns to BUKEAtT SCABPS.
be sold while they last. Each — 127>c Made of English Lawn; special. 15c
Cords to match --5C OXXESTAL LACSS.
ZJUDIES' XA2n>XSRCHXE7S. ; g Inches wide, many beautiful pat-
Made of Belfast Linen; 'regular terns to choose from; special, per
price while they last 7c yard -»«
BUY NOW FOR CHBISTMAS -v?bU m,J< -^^
Advance Barff&las in Our Toy Dept l!vv\oCx. 16 "
USCHAVIOAL AUTOMOBIX.E. lRc. « t%V^i=9^*^ Ott
Nicely painted automobile with re- £ \\\y\\ V^T\ STOT£S
volving canopy parasol and man[ Ji'^lV w V' so cheap
saluting with hat or flag; never sold, «jgy V^S^ Because'
less than £oc anywhere; on sale.loc '£ f S?^ CtV^&'iV 1 * they are
MECHA2TXOAX, LOCOMOTIVE, lf>C. l^Sfi^ HfbtitTL - & r ? excep-
Nlcely painted locomotive, a rever- %|raauf *aMP tional good
sible switch engine or one that will \&P*\^"T&'*~ value for
run in a circle or straight: sold else- \yf«S'«*il&«L regular
where at 25c and 35c; on sale. .. .1, "Jo price. But
81 .00 dom. BuaoY, Gf»e. j we want
Large willow body doll carriage. 20 - Tfn^ihfw you to
inches long with parasol and rod com- know about
plete; rerular price $1.00; special 2 u^ h S u9e "
priced this week C5c . .. . , v hoW de^ .
t>m«v_ ta^tio wn»« partment -*nd that is why we offer
aii SS°JF«w° 1 JSS' 5°2H-, m „. them at such a low price. Regular
All the new copyright fiction, as .. 00 o ._ sin-dai Tft<»
fast as published, our price Is $1.08 * 100 ' uur a P eclal * yc
in place of $1.60. By mail 14c extra, ¦ •
List of titles on application. .
. Two Years* Before the Mast. Tom AW <>"> rASHIOJfXD DTTTCK OTn»
Brown's School Days. Rifle Rangers, .^" ' -^ la In
The Scalp Hunters, Last of the Mohi- S^ >^ every up-
cans. Cruise of the Midge, Prince of / \ " to-date
the House of David. Masterman / \ housekeep-
Raady. The Coral Island. Home Sun- / ' £ ~\ ->^\ er's kitchen,
shine. Martin Rattler, Danesbury Lf • h you
House. Settlers in Canada, Peter the ql know about
Whaler. Poor and Proud. All Aboard, them you
Jack Harkaway, One of the Twenty- \ =**"^ h know how
Eighth. Friends Though Divided. Star \ / - low these
of India. By Sheer Pluck, Strong and v. prices are.
Steady. The Cash Boy, Brave and Bold If you do
and many others. not know about them come in and
FllfCX'S we will be pleaspd to show them to
Wonderful Magic Polish you and explain what a necessary ar-
For all kinds fancy furniture, tables. tlc I e ** *» to h ave around the kitchen.
etc., especially good for high grade an d "*en y°u will want one.
pianos; without a doubt it is the best Small size, sold everywhere $1.10;
polish on earth; a bottle 25c special SOc
TOWEL HOLDER with three 14 Mtdftua size, regular price $1.35:
in. arms: nickeled bracket, arms nice- .-n^-i-i a-t *\c\
ly polished; are convenient for any "p*" 8 " • Sl.UU
room; never sold for less than 10c; I*rye silo, regular price J1.60; spe-
our special price J>c cial $1.30
KHIVES, EAZOES AND SXBAJtS QROUSTD AND ROTAIRED.
T1CTVHS FRAMES OT ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADB TO OBDZB.
ALL XHTP3_Og ELECTRICAL WOBg DONE A2TI> KEPAXaiUJ.To Cease Steerage Traffic.
LONDON, Nov. 14. — The agents
here of the North German Lloyd
Steamship . Company have been or
dered by telegraph • to cease booking:
steerage passengers to New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— Contrary
to expectation, the trial of Nan Pat
terson, charged with the murder of
Caesar Young, will not be begun to
morrow In the Supreme Court, but
probably will be begrun Wednesday.
Xan Patterson's Trial Put Over.
: crime or unlawful conduct. We love liberty
j and Justice; we revere the Institutions, the
I history and the traditions of our republic; the
: blush of shame Burmounts our faces ar.fl our
1 sense of honor and dignity rises in protest
I acalnst so foul a blot that a recreant public
officer, creature and puppet of sordid greed
should have so besmirched and defiled the
proud record and honored name of a sovereign
State.
It wo« the evident purpose of that unholy
combination of the Citizens'. Alliance with
Governor Peabody to destroy the Independence
and manhood of the workmen of Colorado by
j making an ' attack urrrn the effort to destroy
orsanlird labor of the State. Their declara
tion that their attack was not directed at the
American Federation of Labor is disproved
by their bitter antagonism to and asault upon
I the affiliated coal miners of that State. That
j they will fall In their destructive tactics, aye,
! that they have already failed. Is evident from
the fart that there are more workmen or
ganized In Colorado to-day than at any time
in Its previous history; that organizations
formerly Jn rivalry with each other ;iave
amalgamated, and a greater bond of unity and
fraternity has been effected.
COURT PROCEEDINGS.
By direction of the executive council I pre
pared and Issued a circular to our affiliated
unlon.w appealing for financial aid, so that the
officers of the Weatern Federation of Miners
might have the means to brinz before the
highest Federal courts of our country the
assertion and the test of the natural and
constitutional questions and right Involved In
the outrageous conduct of Colorado's officials.
We are firmly of the opinion that the highest
Judicial tribunal of our country will Inevi
tably reverse a~ course • so destructive of the
• very fundamental principles upon which our
republic Is based.
We urse upon our fellow workmen' still
greater unity and federation. They should
not only Insist upon the punishment of the
wrongdovra, the officials who have so vio
lently denied the rood name of that State,
but they must Insist upon an effective eight
hour law, and better than all, be so united In
numbera, purpose and spirit a* to Inaugurate
and enforce for themselves the eight-hour
workday. . '
May we not also entertain the hope that
inasmuch as unity and associated effort are
recognized as essential to the well being and
progress ot the workers of our country the
lesion so costly learned may brlns the
metalliferous miners and all other International
unions In closer affiliation and brotherhood
under the banner of the American Federation
of Labor?
SEEKING NEW LAWS.
Our antl-lnjunctlon bill (H. B. 80) was in
troduced In the House by Congressman Gros
venor and referred to the Judiciary Commit
tee. Several hearings of an extensive char
acter were tad upon It. Although the hear
ings were cibsed no report thereon has been
made. I commend to your favorable con
sideration a • continued effort to secure the
enactment of this bill and thus curb the Judg
made law Invasive of our constitutional and
natural righti.
The process of Injunction has Its necessary
and proper application and was designed to
supply the guarantee of a right as well M
the prevention of a wrong when | there Is . no
other remedy at law. The use or. more
properly speaking, the misuse of the writ of
i injunction In labor disputes. Is a perversion
of the very principles Involved In the.injunc
tion process. There is not an act,. If that be
an unlawful act, enjoined by an. Injunction
Continued From Page 3, Column 7.
San Francisco No. 68, International
Association Machinists, tendered a
high Jinks last night to James O'Con
nell and other delegates at Native
Sons* Hall. There was a large at
tendance, fullv 2000 being present. The
programme consisted' of vocal selec
tions, addresses and humorous talks.
Mr. O'Connell, international president
of the International " Association of.
Machinists, delivered an address in
which he told of the progress and
strength of the organization. Unity
was the keynote of the speech and at
the close of his remarks O'Connell re
ceived an ovation.
On the platform were P. "W. Buck
ley, president No. 68, I. A. M.; Thomas
Wilson, fourth vice president I. A. M.;
George Warner, Arthur Ireland, J.
Hammerstrom. Congressman Wynn
and W. B. Hagerty.
The committee of arrangements was
composed tjf F. Carney (chairman),
E. Nelson, C. Duncan, V. Dunkelberger,
P. Pallien. I* L. Gummow and J.
Griffin. The entertainers were D.
O'Brien, L. Fontain, H. Howard. O.
Hilton, W. Altman. M. Scanlan.' J. J.
Colgan, J. T. Bannon and Harry Lahey.
Reception to the Delegates.
OAKLAND. Nov. 14. — Samuel Gom
pers and other members of the execu
tive board of the federation will ad
dress the union men and citizens of
Oakland at a mass-meeting at Germa
nia Hall to-morrow evening. Local un
ions appointed a committee to assist
in arranging for the reception of the
executive board, and these committees
held a Joint meeting last night to com
plete the arrangements. The committee
on printing reported that the work had
been completed, and the music commit
tee reported that four bands had been
engaged for the evening. Both these
committees were then discharged. Tho
reception committee - reported every
thing in readiness for Ihe meeting.
The delegates will be met at the nar
row gauge depot, and after a parade to
the hall addresses will be made by the
following officers of the federation:
President Samuel Gompers, Secretary
Frank Morrison. Treasurer John . B.
Lennon and Vice Presidents James
Duncan, John Mitchell, James O'Con
nell. Max. Morris. Thomas I. Kidd, D.
A. Hayes, D. J. Keefe and W. J. Spen
cer.
Ofllcers of Federation of Labor Will
Sneak This Evening.
TO VISIT OAKLAND.
SAX JOSE. Nov. 14. — George E.
letcher, the capitalist, who was ar
rested last night for arson alleged to
have been committed in Ohio some
years ago, appeared in Justice Ben
con's court this morning- for arraign
ment. He was accompanied by his
son, Clarence E. Letcher, and Attor
r.<5'S J. B. Kerwin and W. H. John
eon. District Attorney Campbell ap
peared for the prosecution. At the
rtquest of the latter arraignment was
postponed until Wednesday morning.
owing to th*> fact that it was desired
to have Attorney C. G. Nagle of San
Francisco present. The latter was
largely instrumental in Letcher's ar
rest. The accused has been released
on 520,000 bondf, his wife and son go
ing security.
L-etcher treats his arrest lightly. He
•will make a determined fight to pre
vent extradition. He lays his arrest
to ppite work. He owns a. large num-
I'T of slot machines, which he has
placed about town, and intimates his
arrest is due to a rival slot machine
concern. To-day he made the follow
ing statement:
"I am entirely innocent of the
charge against me. If I was guilty
they would not have waited until now
to arrest me, as the alleged crime was
committed many years ago. I was
back in Oh5o five years ago and they
irade no attempt to detain me. My
identity has not been concealed and
ihe-y could have found me at any time.
1 have no fear of the outcome, but re
gret the publicity and disgrace."
A divorced wife is also blamed for
the arrest.
Letcher is well known about the city
nnd his arrest has caused a sensation.
He is reputed to be worth $100,000.
For a number of years Letcher con
ducted a lunch counter at the broad
gEupe depot. He now owns a cigar
stand in that vicinUy and lately built
a large fiat building on Market street.
Clarence Letcher, a son, conducts a
large automobile shop in this city and
lately won a number of automobile
prizes at Del Monte.
The police state that an officer is on
the way here from Ohio to take
Lttcher back. The prosecution is said
to be backed by a number of insurance
companies that claim he has defrauded
them in many fires.
PROMINENT 5 AN JO6E CAPITALIST. WHO WAS ARRESTED SUNDAY ON
CHARGE THAT HE WAS INDICTED FOR ARSON BY AN OHIO GRAND
JU/IY MANY YEARS AGO. AND WHO SAYS HE IS VICTIM OF SPITE,
They would not only divert our attention
from the effort at economic Improvement to a
defense against every species of civil suits
brought by our opponents against any officer
of organized labor, but they would make every
effort "under the. forms of law" to mulct our
unions in damages for supposed Injurious re
sults from trade union action. We would be
forced to defend suits without regard to the
merit or lack of merit In the complaint in or
der to prevent our organization from being
mulct*d In damages; and this, after all, is
the ultimate desire and purpose of our op
ponents for trade union Incorporation, for ne
cessity would require the expenditure of large
sums nf money In attorneys' : tees and other
co"<t8 and expenditures incident to litigation.
The most important point, apparently, urged
by our opponents In advocacy of trade union
Incorporation Is, as they claim, that employers
have tangible property and In any violation of
terms of agreement or breach of contract they
ar« responsible, and In cases of breach of con
tract on their part they can be held In dam
ages nnd ' payment enforced, while labor or
ganizations, not having tangible property, they
say. are unincorporated bodies, and violation
of contract by them would not afford the same
facilities for bringing them within the Jurls-
We still frequently hear the proposition
ur?ed for the incorporation of trade unions,
the evident purpose of many advocates being
honorable and sympathetic, notwithstanding
how, unwise and Injurious the results would
unquestionably be to labor. Others, again,
who advocate and Insist upon the Incorpora
tion of the trade unions know full well the
purpose they have In view and the schemes
they could then hatch to harass organized
labor still more with suits at law, regariiess
of the fllmslness of the cause or the pretext
for civil rults.
FIGHTS INCORPORATION*.
As. rational men we understand that it Is
impossible to remove all the Ills or impedi
ments at once from our national life and
progress, and fcr that reason we apply our
selves to the natural and gradual process ot
elimination and construction. It Is for this
reason, therefore, that the convention of the
American Federation of Labor advocates th?
Introduction of the Initiative and the referen
dum, for Its establishment will gtve oppor
tunity for the best intelligent expression of
the people upon any definite. Important ques
tion.
"Imperialism," of protection and free trade,
as there was of gold and silver and other im
portant questions too numerous to enumerate;
yet the people have no alternative but to vote
for one or th" other of th» parties, regardless
of. how distasteful many of the propositions in
their platforms may be to them. The party
successful at the polls takes for granted that
not only Its position but every proposition
that It Has put forth In Its platform and
every action that It has taken has received
the Indorsement of the people.
Shows Thnt American Federation Is
in Prosperous Condition.
Following the report of President
Gompers, Secretary Frank Morrison
and Treasurer John B. Lennon report
ed. Some extracts from th« reports re
lating to the financial condition and
the membership of the federation fol
low:
There i« a steady and marked Increase In
the amount received from the per capita tax.
The receipts from the per capita tax for the
twelve months beginning October 1. 1003. and
ending September 30. 1904. are $136,941 ,4. as
acalnst J12.S.95O 5.8 received In the preceding
year, an Increase of $12,996 7G. . Receipts from
supplies show a decrease of $17,*4S SI. Amount
received from the American Federationlst
shows nn Increase ot $4911 8«. Riving the Fed
eratlonlst a surplus of $im>»(»7 to Its credit for
the first time in some years. Receipts from
defense fund are $33,722 55; strike benefits
paid 515 972: surplus for defense fund,
$17,750 55.
During the twelve months ending September
30 1904 fees have- been received for 44'1 char
ters Issued to national. State, central, local
trade and federal labor unions. Of this num
ber eleven were zranted to the following na
tional and International unions: Tackmaker»'
International Union: International Association
of Bridge and Structural Iron Workers; Inter
national Tnlon of Paper Box Workers: Inter
national Union of Building Employes of Amer
ica- International Brotherhood of Foundry Em
ployes; International Compressed Air Work
ers' Union: Brushmakers' International Union;
Mattress. Spring and Bedding Workers' Inter
national Union: International Association of
Fur Workers of the United States and Can
ada: International Photo- Engravers' Union of
North America; National Association of Heat.
SECRETARY'S REPORT.
Of course, employers entering 1 Into contrac
tual relations with business men and com
mitting a breach thereof are liable to dam
agf3. This also applies where employers enter
into contractual relations with workmen for
labor for a specific period. Wit In spite of the
innumerable violations of contract entered into
by employers and organized workmen, we
challenge the advocates of compulsory Incor
poration to point out a single Instance in
which employers have be»n. or how they could
have been, mulcted In damages for violation
of the terms of an agreement with labor In
its collective capacity. This Is referred to. not
as Justification of or an encouragement to an
organized labor breach of contract. On the
contrary It Is the constant aim of our move
ment to Instill upon the minds of all our fel
low workers to brins about workinff agTe-
mer.ts with employers and to a faithful ad
herence to the spirit and letter of their terms,
but this is cited to prove the fallacy of the
latest pretense urged by our opponents for
trade union incorporation.
In previous reports and elsewhere have been
clearly met the various specious arguments set
forth from time to time of those who, under
the euphonious guise of trade union incorpora
tions hide their real purpose. In our time
and In connection with our movement, a
repetition of the confiscation of the funds of
the old - time workmen's guilds. We will not
submit to this new snare for labor's despoil
ment.
diction of the courts in a salt for damages
for breaches of . contract and that, therefore,
the unions should be Incorporated to bring
about equality of responsibility. The chief
merit In this claim Is that It has no founda
tion in fact or In practice.
The following crafts and callings are using
the American Federation of Labor label: Ar
tificial Limb Makers. Costumers. Badge an.l
Lodge Paraphernalia Worker*. Baking Pow
der Workers. Bottlers- I Soda and Mineral Wa
ter). Cigarette Paper Workers, Coffee and Spies
Workers. Cloth Spongers and Rerlnlshers. Dis
tillers and Rectifiers. Medicine Workers. . Nail
(Horse Shoe* Workers. Nerkwear Cutters and
Makers. Oyster Workers, Photographic Supply
Workers. Salt Workers, Soap Workers. Sod*
and Mineral Water Workers. Starch Worker;*.
Suspender Makers. Umbrella Makefs, Wino
and Liauor Workers. .¦_ "
The Increase in the defense, fund for local
trade and federal labor unions from 5"v5.."W« 4O
on October 1. 190.1. to $Sl.nt> 95 On October 1.
1904 Is mc*t satisfactory when you consider
that $15.97-. I*"?* $56«> returned, was paid dvrr
tng the year to members on strike In the va
rious unions. The. fund Is ample to support
members on strike for an indefinite period.
The average membership of the local unions
has decreased during the past year from S2..S0O
to 55 257. This Is due. in part, to the forma
tion of affiliated local unions into nine int«i
natlonal organization* There were 352 local
unions Instructed to Join the newly formed
International organizations.
An unusual number cf unions were suspend
ed for non-payment of per capita tax by the
three months' limit being strictly enforced.
The laws governing the distribution of th»
defense fund are ample, but I strongly advise,
against amendments which would permit a
union chartered I»-9s than cne year to receive
•trike benefits. The requirement that members
of a local union should have a continuous mem
bership of one year to be entitled to stnk«
benefits should not be Interfered with. If
either, or both, of the above requirements were
amended It would endanger the stabi'.Ly t.l
the defense fund and encourage newiy orsfan-
Ized unions to enter Into hasty and ill advlsd
strikes. The number of strikes this ye;»r
has been greater than heretofore. An unasuat
number of settlements were made through thu
agency of the paid organizers. The fao'. that
the American Federation of I-ibor h.jii from
twenty-fl."e to fifty organizers In ;he fte'A
during the year resulted in the adjuslmrnl
of innumerable controversies that n--->uld tive
resulted In strikes and an unusual dram upon
the defense fund. There has been pa'ti out of
the defense fund during the. year *13.i>7'J.
A careful" Investigation and tabulation cf
the membership of the affiliated organizations
of the American Federation of Labor ihow an
incrtese of over one-flftn of a million )t m*in
h?rs My report last year showed an averus*
mcipborilifp of 1.46S.SO«>. while th» «ver*s«
irwrntwrihtp this year la 1.870.200. a clear pain
o* IHI.4CO.
Full and complete reports have been received
from 10t» International organizations and from
a vmall number of local unions, which show
that there were 1S06 strikes. In . which ther-s
were 245,174 Involved. Cf tfyat number 121."»4i>
were benefited and 13.S20 not benefited. The
total cost of strikes reported on was $«,S£0.
«2t» <53. The tabulated statement of report*
from International organizations show that
there was a total gain in their membership
of 253.S4.V
Reports from the secretaries of 117 of our
1-0 International organizations furnish th« In
formation that there has been issued durlr.jf
the pa«t year 401") charters; U»U3 charters sur
rendered — 1409 of the charters surrendered w<?r«
locals nf International unions and 1'J.H afnl
lated direct with the American Federation of
Labor. Of the latter number 704 were >us
pended for non-payment of per capita tax;
352 were ordered to join newly formed Inter
national organization*. 173 disbanded and l '«
charters were revoked.
Frost. General Insulators and Asbestos Work
ers of America. State branches as follows.:
Minnesota. Indiana, Arkansas, Maine. Indian
and Oklahoma Territories.
Grent Financial Centers Report Appli
cations in Excess of the Loan.
LONDON, Nov. 15. — The subscrip
tion list for the New Japanese loan
will be closed at noon to-day, being
already covered several times, though
it i-s understood that applications
have been nothing like so great as for
the previous issue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. — Subscrip
tions to the American half of the new
$60,000,000 Japanese loan, which
opened here to-day, are coming in
extensively, according to a statement
issued by Kuhn, Loeb & Co.. who are
financing the loan in conjunction with
the National City Bank and the Na
tional Bank of Commerce. There is
little doubt that appUcations will ex
ceed the total amotfnt. Preference
will be given to small subscribers.
Applications from out of town are
said to be especially numerous.
isFUed in a labor dispute for which thete is
nrt already a law upon the statute books and
for which a proper penalty l 8 not provided.
Thos-e acts for which workmen are enjoined
for which there Is no penalty provided are not
unlawful, and, therefore, an injunction should
not be Issued .enjoining men ,trom doing the
things they have a lawful right to do.
We reiterate ami emphasize the declaration
that we have no desire to be Immune for the
conimist-toii of any unlawful acts, for we dis
ccuntenanee and denounce them and recognize
their commission as wrongful and prejudicial
to our own interests as well as to the public
good. Hut we must insist that if any man
connected with our movement be charged with
an unlawful act he ehould. like any other
man, be put unon his defense and before a
jury of his peers meet his accusers and abide
by the verdict rendered.
We protest against the class distinction made
in these cases, so far h« "they apply to labor,
which even upon an ex parte allegation of
our opponents renders a workman punishable
for an act which ia held as perfectly lawful
when committed by others. Surely we have
the right to demand the constitutional guaran
tee of equality liefore the law. This guaranty©
is IwMng dally violated by injunctions. If labor
is but true to itself, if we but more thoroughly
organize our fellow workers, become more
. steadfast and true to the great cause of labor,
we shall force home upon our opponents as
well as politicians and recreant statesmen the
demand for that i protection. Justice and fail
cValing to which we are entitled.
; Our eight-hour bill was introduced In the
Senate by Senator L.. E. McComas of Mary
land and in the House by Congressman R. It.
Hitt of Illinois. Extensive hearings were had
or. the bill before the Senate Committee on
j Education and I^bor and the House Com
j rr.ittee on I^abor. As the hearings upon this
Mil before the committees In previous Con
: glasses were . so extensive and are In print
. we decided, therefore, not to present any
: further argument until our opponents had con
cluded.
The opposition followed their usual tactics
of procrastination and of prolonging the hear
ings. Th» legislative committee. Vice Presi
dents Duncan. O'Connell and myself, rebutted
tht' statements and arguments of our opponents
j and Insisted that there should be neither waste
j of time nor the report of the committee de
[ ferred. We were ' Justified In believing that
: Inasmuch as both committees of Congress had
reported this bill favorably at several pre
; vlcus Congress's there ought to have been no
• further delay. To our disappointment the
. House committee acquiesced in the proposition
. of our opponents and referred to the Depart
i ment of Commerce and Labor an Investigation
of the subject by reaolutiona.^ '_ _
chixese"excx,usion'.
\ In the early part of the year It was learned
that the Chinese Government had given six
months' notice of Its desire that Its treaty
with th» United States covering Chinese im
'_ migration should terminate. That the condi
. tlon which we contended two years ago would
exist, should the Chinese Government denounce
thr. treaty, was plainly apparent; that is, that
there was neither law nor treaty that would
I in any way limit, restrict or prohibit the free
entry of Chinese into the United States and
, Its possessions. We Immediately brought this
I to the attention of Congr-ss, particularly
1 through the aid of Senator Patterson of C'olo
j rado and Congressman Llvernash cf Callfor
j nla. The question 'arouwd intense Interest.
; and though the condition which presented Itself
wai denied and contended against by many,
an investigation ot the subject by a Congres
sional committee, and pressing home the facts
I In the case, resulted in the passage of an
' amendment to tne general deficiency bill rem
j edying the defect.
¦ As the ttrst Intimation that the Chinese
I Government had denounced the treaty came
j from a "leak" in the State Department, so
I has there recently b*en published a statement
j that there Is now being negotiated between
i representatives of our Government and that of
• China a new treaty, which. It is said, will deal
j "more liberally" with the subject of Chinese
, immigration.
I Inasmuch as experience nas demonstrated
that the largest number of Chinese laborers
and coolies have been brought to this country
I under the pretense that they were "merchants
and KtudfiitM," and inasmuch a» any treaty
which may be made will. take precedence over
and supplant any law upon the statute books,
It will bo well for us to manifest In no uncer
tain manner our determined and unalterable
opposition to any move calculated in the. re
motest degree to render us liable to the_dan
ger of Chinese Immigration, an immigration
which has been fraught with peril to every
people with which it has come in contact.
• Our Immigration department recognlze3 and
declares the difficulties now experienced with
an effective law In enforcing Its provision? for
Chines** exclusion. Surely, then, nothing
i should be done by treaty, law or regulation to
lessen the effectiveneps to the bar ag-ainnt this
overwhelming Hentiment and conviction ot all
our people.
CONVICT LABOR.
Though little progress has been made In se
curing an effective Federal law against convict
labor coming Into competition with free labor,
a beginning has been made in the recognition
of that principle by Congress In one department
of the Government. In an amendment to the
postoftlce • appropriation bill the following was
adopted :
"Provided, that hereafter no contract shall
be entered into by the Postofflce Department
for purchase of material or supplies to be
manufactured by convict labor."
The same provision should be pressed Into
enactment bo as to apply to all the depart
ments of the Government.
' Apart from our efforts to aid in the exten
sion of the principle that no« convict labor
nhall enter Into competition with free
labor In the several States, we should endeavor
to secure a Federal law that shall prohibit the
pioducts ot convict labor In one State coming:
into competition with free labor of such States
as have provided themselves with wise, benefi
cent and protective legislation upon this sub
ject. We recognize the unwisdom, aye, even
the brutality of permitting convicts to serve
out their terms In Idleness. • The States which
have solved this problem of convict labor best.
New York and Pennsylvania, are clear demon
strations that, from the standpoint of economy
and the public welfare, the prisoners' good,
l>oth while Incarcerated and thereafter. Is pro
moted to the highest degree by some form of
work.
' XATIONAIi ARBITRATION.
A so-called national arbitration bill was In-,
troduced In Congress, which, upon the face of
it, appeared to be a voluntary measure, yet
trie hearings developed the fact thai in the
Iast ; analysis It would be a species of com
pulsory . compliance I with the award. ¦ Our
movement Is sincerely In favor of the arbitra
tion, of disputes which cannot be determined
otherwise; but we are strongly committed
I against the policy of compulsory arbitration In
any form, particularly compulsory arbitration
•by the State. When conciliation . falls, we
favor voluntary arbitration with employers,
and If necessary a disinterested party as ¦ an
arbitrator. We emphatically declare the ne
cessity for faithful compliance with the. terms
and awards made by such arbitration; but we
are equally Insistent that the arbitration shall
be voluntarily entered Into and voluntarily and
faithfully fulfilled. • '
Tbera Is no doubt that of the Ills of our
governmental life not one is more prejudicial
to the interests of the people than our present
political partisan form of determining the peo
ple's Judgment. Apart from the corruption in
cident thereto Is the fact that political par
ties are «ru!lty of larger or minor offenses
against the Interests ot the people, or are more
or less indifferent to their constantly growing
need. The political . party system deprives '
the people of the opportunity of .manifesting I
their Judgment upon- great and Important pub- I
Ho questions. There can be no question but '
that there Is an overwhelming sentiment
among the people for an eight hour day on '
work for the Government ; for the restriction
or abolition of the abuse, of th« writ of in- '
junction. There 'Is a well-defined diversity • of
opinion ot the policy of expansion or so-callej
The latest report from the ranch
this forenoon stated that ten elk had
been shipped, five had died from ex
haustion after being run down and
one had been lost in the hills. An ex
ptrt cattleman stated to-day that if
the present methods are pursued it
will require a force of 1500 vaqueros
to accomplish the work.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 14.— After
two days' work by thirty-five expert
Vaqueros the attempt to corral' the
herd of 150 elk now at large on the
Miller & Lux ranch, near this city,
and to transport them to the Govern
ment reservation ha.s been abandoned
and other plans are being made by
those in charge to accomplish the
work of transportation.
GOMPERS MAKES REPORT,
All agree that outside of the fact
that he has a somewhat careworn ex
pression, the Pope, notwithstanding
his recent attack of gout, seems to be
in good health.
Immediately after the secret con
sistory the Pope held a semi-public
consistory, preliminary to the cere
mony of the canonization of Blessed
Alessandro Sauli. the Barnabite, and
Blessed Gerardo Mallla, the Redemp
tprist. which will take place next
month.
The Pontiff entered the hall of the
consistory surrounded by his imme
diate entourage, flanked by the noble
and Swiss guards and followed by the
papal court. He seated himself 'on
the throne and those present advanced
to pay their homage, after which the
Pope delivered a prayer to the Holy
Ghost. Following this all except the
Cardinals left the hall, as the con
sistory was secret. The Pope and Car
dinals then proceeded to proclaim the
Archbishops, Bishops, etc., as already
appointed by brief.
The majority of the Cardinals pres
ent considered the allusion rather
mild and remarked that the Pope
omitted the part upon which he pre
viously had consulted several of the
Cardinals, in- which he was to have
appealed to the people of France and
to have urged them to be loyal to the
church and use their rights as citizens
to prevent the Government from per
secuting religion.
ROME, Nov. 14.— The festivities in
honor of the jubilee of the Immacu
late Conception began to-day with the
holding of a brilliant consistory, which
was especially interesting, as the Pope
lately had been indisposed and many
persons wished to be assured of his
recovery. All the Cardinals living in
Rome, numbering about twenty-five,
gathered in the hall of the consistory
at the Vatican half an hour before the
ceremony, taking their places in three
groups and making one of those im
posing pictures oniy to be seen at the
apostolic palace.
The United States was represented
ot the 'consistory by Monseigneur Ken
nedy, rector of the American College
here, and Monseigneur Setton, titular
Archbishop of Heliopolis, ot Jersey
City, N. J. Monseigneur Kennedy at
the private consistory received the
pallium for Archbishop CJlennon of St.
Louis. The pallium for Archbishop
Moeller of Cincinnati was received in
the secret consistory by Father Haver,
private secretary of Cardinal Gotti.
l-'refect of the Propaganda, and the
pallium for Archbishop Messmer of
Milwaukee was received by Mon
seigneur Jauquet.
In the secret consistory the Pope de
livered an allocution recalling the
origin of the concordat and the rea
sons which induced Pope Pius VII to
conclude it with Napoleon, especially
referring to the provisions made for
the appointment of Bishops, the bud
get of the Ministry of Public Worship,
which was regulated by what was
practically a contract, and finally the
free exercise of Catholic worship. He
added that the so-called "organic
articles" added in 1802 by Napoleon
had never been recognized by the Holy
See, either as law as being part of
the concordat. Therefore the Pontiff
deplored the fact that the present Gov
ernment of the French republic had
under various pretexts charged the
Holy See with not having observed the
concordat, adding that the church had
never in the case of any country
broken an agreement made.
The Pope concluded with saying
that the French Government had
broken the fundamental conditions of
the concordat. He complained of the
impossibility, due to the existing state
of affairs, of appointing Bishops to the
vacant sees in France, but expressed
the hope that an understanding would
be reached.
Shortly after the Nevada Bank opened
for business yesterday morning people
began to present their bids. The num
ber of applications was much greater
than expected. Many wanted only $500
in bonds, others asked for thousands of
dollars' worth of the securities.
Each bid to be considered must be ac
companied by a certified check. The
bonds sell at 88 and pay Interest at ( 3
per cent on the par value, which
amounts to more than 7 per cent on the
amount to be paid. Investors are se
cured by a second charge on the Japa
nese customs. President Hellman of the
Nevada Bank said yesterday:
We have received applications for more than
fOOO.OOn .worth of the bond3 since this morn
ing. The number of investors and the amount
subscribed greatly exceed our expectations. We
thought we .ihiitiM not have many bids until
to-morrow, when we shall have had time to
hear from ths interior and big concerns.
It looks as if we. should have a btfr share
of the Investment here in Fan Francisco. I
cannot say how great a part of the bonds we
shall be allowed to handle, but subscribers
will get a pro rata share If -there is an over
subscription, as it is believed there will be.
The tfrms ore advantaseous and the bonds
are well secured. We are more than satis
lied with result?.
?
LONDON AND NEW YORK EAGER
The first day's bidding for the Japa
nese bonds showed that the moneyed
people of San Francisco have every
confidence in the credit of the little
brown men who are battling against
the hosts of his imperial Majesty, the
Czar. Within five hours after the time
appointed for the sending of applica
tions the subscriptions amounted to
more than $900,000.
Pontiff, Despite His Late
Illness, Has Appearance
of Being in Good Health
Ten of the Beasts Captured
After Two Days' Work by a
Force of Thirty-Five Men
President I. W. Hellman of
Nevada Bank Says Eesult
Is Highly , Satisfactory
FIRST DAY IS SUCCESS
BBILLIANT CEKE3I0NY
COWBOYS GIVE UP TASK
San Franciscans Show That
They Have Confidence in
Japanese National Paper
In Secret Consistory the
Pope Talks of the Recent
Trouble With the French
Efforts of Vaqiieros to Cor
ral Big Herd of Elk Are
Defeated by the Animals
Capitalist Charged With Arson
Claims to Be Innocent.
PIUS HAS HOPE
OF AGREEMENT
TOSS ANTLERS
AND STAY FREE
MIKADO'S BONDS
ARE IN DEMAND
SAYS HIS ARREST
IS DUE TO SPITE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ -,-' 'z^L
\8Cn ijAl&'Urii'LiWWjrfUII 4ZZ2$$$**l?\ fagBHHjg&s&^fet JSBK^&EPE^ >55£S§S2iiO3 K^7 '
B^v^Ht^H ff£Sff^E13 V^8hw^H hB^KSBH iISbkps^ K gflSJmjwprf C3trlt5rMB!3'3S^^
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
'^^^^M For Furniture, Carpets, Draperies, Rugs,
Kitchen Furnishings, Stoves and Ranges.
• .' : . Come and take your pick of
our half million dollar stock.
a |r You will find our prices the lowest, our
flTOl!^^ terms most liberal. Hundreds of articles
xMailS^R^^^Sk s^ itable or wedding anniversary or holiday
|^M;.s^^^g# myj/%|jn|Q rUAID Solid oak: go!d-
M/MWS^^ \ WlvtvKto V-rn/\lK en finish; claw
®^ vS)^*""~*~^ E TO^-'foot: spring seat: reversible velour cushions: back
jb& adjustable to four positions. £fr Q
ffltk Solid comfort for a little rra&J/o^^^?
£45-259 GEAR?!* OTYHE SQjif/MtB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
from it off ; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free alkali
in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over the -rrorld.
carters! cdre sick headache *
Q|!iTTLE Genuine Must Bear
H JV£|* Fac-Simile Signature .
PRAGERS :
Women's Cravenette Rain-Proof
Coats
(Second Floor)
These Coats are regularly sold at $15.00. but may be had to-
day at nearly One-Half Price. They are made of Priestley's Crav-
enette Cloth, in either tan or Oxford; have pleated back, with a belt;
a coat collar and patch pockets; this is one of the best made and
most swagger garments to be had, -and may be worn in tf*/"\ C!jf\
either rain or pleasant weather. Our price is now dt7+ J\J
Untrimmed Felt. Shapes
£;I i (Second Floor)
'.*,:-;• This is an extraordinarily fine
bargain in untrimmed shapes. \\ e
y»^vV^ have a great number of them, and
i^Mi^^E^^-"^, % the variety of color and shapes 11
GSBsSjS?"^' !'-¦'¦¦ -"^^i^^i^Sfs^ * practically unlimited. There are
browns, blacks and navies; large
il^^^m shapes and pretty turbans. All
have been selling at $1.50, /f\
' $1.75 and %2.2' s . Special ftVC
now at w '
Black Etamine Umbrella Specials
(Main Floor) (Main Floor)
A 36-inch Black "Bourette" Eta- Women's and Men's Umbrellas:
rnlnfl in two designs; each is a neat strictly rainproof; they have steel
effect in black Etamine with a knub rO ds and steel frames, and
overshot; making a very de-^-^ are m ade for hard service. f\Qr%
sirable material for skirts J Up The y will be on sale Tues- D7L
or suits. It is sold regular-^/L day only at
ly at 50c a yard. Special at.
1 1 1 Men's Steel Rod Paragon Frame
Tnr»ri/>vroi» f**sMa*^ Umbrellas with fancy and plain han-
1 UrnOVer dles; tne COV ers are the, very best
(Main Floor) and are made of Gloria a"nd Mercer-
Dainty Turn Over Collars, made ized Silk; in this lot are
of Butcher Linen, embroidered in a a umbrellas for \| |{J
number of pretty combinations of women; .values are $2.00 J3J, # 1 J
colors. There is an unusually large and 51.50; special price. ~ ,.»..;,
assortment to make your selec- '
tlon from. All of these col- _ '
lars are worth from 35c tol W/"ft ]m'**W • mwr « «« •
50c. and are to be had now i J^ C/<l III PITH fl Wr OOl Blankets
f l ' (Main Floor)
{^hildrpn's Handkprrhipfc Wft have i ust b°uff£t from the
V/iiuui en j> n<inu&ertiiiei:> Santa Rosa W ooden miiis 300 pairs
(Main Floor) of fine California Wool Blankets.
These handkerchiefs are made of They are two yards wide and 82
white lawn and have narrow hem- Inches long; have a heavy fleeco.
stitched borders. . Some are plain These blankets will easily sell
white; some are fancy printed in at $7.00 a pair. but as an
designs of "Buster Brown." nr* extra special in this *$* ¦ s*\m
"Tennis Players." "Skating <>%/"» department we have %#| ML
and Bicycling." etc., worth tJi^W marked them all. a J
50c a dozen; special at pair •
tfl* >\L**i«V»S REUABLB \ NOW ITk
Clucaso I J MARKET&dTONESSI$ { Order '
All the Shopping Inducements That Have Made This
Store Popular Are Still Here.In the same court William McCal
lick filed a libel against. the gasoline
whaling schooner Monterey for a bal
ance of 57175 wages.
In the United States District Court
yesterday H. Conway and eighteen
other sailors of the steam whaler^Nar
¦whal filed a libel to recover $500 each,
alleged to be balance due aa wages
and lay of a two years' season in the
Arctic Ocean.
Maritime Libels Filed.
FORM LUMBER AND CEMENT COM
PANT. — Oakland,, Nov. 14. — Articles, of in
corporation of the Continental Construction
Company, to do contracting and deal In lum
ber and cement, were, filed, to-day with the
County Clerk. The directors are H. Coffers.
G. R. Gllmour, F. H. Ayers, J. B. . Lanktree
and Charles w. Pug-h. The amount" of the
capital stock Is $500,000 and It Is divided Into
shares of the par value of $10 each.
OAKLAND, Nov. 14. — Wallace ' M.
Alexander was to-day appointed ad
ministrator of the estate of his'father,
Samuel T. Alexander, whose estate Is
stated to be worth $1,100,000. Young
Alexander's bond, was .fixed at
$2,200,000, or twice the value placed
upon the property.
Estate Worth $1,100,000.
BERKELEY, Nov. 14. — Because of
the threatening weather the university
authorities in charge of the arrange
ments for Professor Gayley's miracle
play, "The Star of Bethlehem," • de
cided this afternoon to stage the play
in the Harmon Gymnasium instead of
In the Greek Theater. Two perform
ances will be given on Wednesday
next, in. the afternoon and evening,
by Ben Greet's company, of players.
"Star of Bethlehem" Indoors.
¦ Monday. November 14.
Stmr Kureka, Jessen. Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr G. C.
Llndauer, hence Nov 11; schr Transit, hence
Nov 5.
Sailed Nov 14 — Stmr Coronado. for San Fran
cisco; schr Corrtpeer. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA — Sailed Nov 1*— Br etmr Athe
nian, for Yokohama; stmr Queen, for San
Francisco.
Passed In Nov 14 — Br sh'p Port Caledonia,
hence- Nov 1, for Melbourne.
Arrived Nov 14 — Br bark Poltalloch, henoe
Nov 1, for Melbourne; Fr bark La Rochefon
cauld, from Shanghai; stmr City of Puebla,
hence Nov 11. '
OCEAN STEAMERS. v y J
NEW YORK — Arrived N»v 14 — Stmr Ham
burg, from Hamburg.
ANTWERP — Arrived Nov 14 — Stmr Zeeland
from New York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Not 14 — Stmr Graf
Waldersee. for New York. . • .
• GIBRALTAR— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Koenig-
Albert, for New York. .
GENOA— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Koenig
LuUe. from-N«w York. q
BAILED
IiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
FRANK A- LEACH JH. IL1>.— Oakland.
Novf 14. — Frank A. Leach Jr.. manasrer of thA
Oakland Ga». Light and Heat Company, l» seri
ously ill with typhoid fever at hi.t home In
thW city. His physician. Dr. Huntlnstcn
nays, however, the patient Is In no imm?dtata
danger. He hopes to have Mr. Leach on hia
feet in a short time.
Burglars Enjoy Ohampaene.
OAKLAND, Nov. 14. — The Brigh
ton saloon, owned by W. E. Disher
«nd J. F. McVey, was entered by bur
glars early this morning. While only
a small amount of money was taken
by the thieves, considerable damage
was done In the place. The burglars
attempted to force the safe, but after
breaking the knob of the combina
tion they gave up that plan and turned
their attention* to the cash register and
slot machines, securing in all about
530. After ransacking the place -they
took half a dozen bottles of cham
pagne, four bottles of whisky, and a
l>ox of cigars to the back room and
drank the wine there. Had they suc
ceeded in opening the safe the bur
glars would have got between $400
and $500. P&SS . .
OAKLAND, Nov. 14. — The new
Webster-street electric road running
from Broadway and Fourteenth street
to the head of Lake Merritt was for
mally opened yesterday, two cars be
ing put on the line, affording a ten
minute service. The tracks near
Twentieth and Webster streets have
been moved to the middle of the
street, as there was a complaint that
they were too near the curb. Since
the opening the' line has been well
patronized.
Webster-Street Road Is Opened.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. Nov. n\ — a 8p»*
cial to the Commercial Appeal from
Decatur, Ala., says that twelve ne-j
groes are dead at Cedar Lake, a
negro settlement in the suburbs of
Decatur. from the effects of poisoned
icecream, which they ate at a church
festival.
Icecrearh Kills Dozen Negroes.
SAN JOSE, Not. 14. — The Snprenw
Court, according to private advice*
received here to-day, has decided th«
contested election case of C. R. Wlfc*
Hams against Thomas Treanor in
favor of the plaintiff, thus sustaining
Judge Rhodes' decision. Treanor waA
elected on the face of the returns to
the office of County Recorder, but
lost on the recount by reason of tha
large number of "no nomination" bal
lots, ''.i-.-^i-t^i :
Election Case Decided.
OAKLAND, Nov. »14. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Arthur W.
Bahr, 21, Oakland, and Annie M. An
derson. 18, Lincoln, Placer County;
Frederick A. Gowing, over 21, ~and
Mabel L. Cooley, over 18, both of
Oakland; Henry Wantz, 4 8, and Sarah
Inman, 42, both of. San Francisco;
Edward K. Lowden, over 21, and Isa
belle M. Kendall, over 18,. both of
Oakland; Francis E. -Coven, .30. Boul
der Creek, and Mary Karmann, 24
Elmhurst; James W. Hlggins, 34. and
Emma Pedersen. 21, both of Oakland;
Antone J. Goncalves, 27, and Marie
V. Goncalves, 30. both of Hay wards;
George "W. Moeller, over 21, and Flor
ence E. Scrlbner, over 18,- both of
Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Two coming musical events that are full of
The music section ot Ebe41 has arranged to
morrow's programme, and it promises to be
Interesting. Members, of the sections will give
several -numbers, and Miss Eleanor Connell of
San Francisco will be 'heard in vocal selec
tions. ; ¦_. - - .. .
There will be no meeting at Ebell on the
22d, as, with all the other federation clubs on
this side of the bay, the members will attend
the district meeting of the State- Federation
In Alameda. ; ";- .
It was Mrs. James Tyson's turn to-day* to
play hostess to the Monday Five Hundred
Club and the members enjoyed a rare after
noon at her Alameda home. Mrs. Fred Morse
and Miss Carrie NMcholsOn were the lucky prize
winners. The guests— who had luncheon with
Mrs. Tyson before the game— were: Mrs. J.
Loran Pease, Mrs. George E. Groes, Mrs. Wil
liam S. Gage, MUs Eva Langworthy of San
Francisco; Mrs. David Procter, Mrs. John Clay
Hampton. Mrs. Albert A. Long. Mrs. Frederick
W. Morse. Mrs.v Edward Engs, Mrs. Henry
Rosenfeld, San FranciBco; Miss Carrie Nlchol
son.N Miss Belle Nichoison, Mrs. Edward How
ard, •* Mrs. Wickham Havens.
No one knows how to entertain in more
pleasing fashjen than Mrs. ¦William Lynham
Slilels — even more winsome now than when
she was Elsie Bennett. The informal 4 o'clock
teas sne has Inaugurated are unusually enjoy
able. •
To-night Mr. and Mrs. Shiels gave a fare
well dinner 'for Dr. and Mrs. George Frank
lin Shiels, who leave soon to take up their
residence in. New' York. . The other guests
were: Mrs: Charles A. Bennett, .Mr and
Mrs. Thomas H. Williams of San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Potter Hussey. Dr. and
Mrs. Ernest Klnlach Johnstone. San Francis
co- Mr. and Mrs. Edward Peteruon, San Fran
cisco; Kernan Robson of Virginia and Mr.
and Mrs. William Lynham Shiels.
Another Sunday dinner that was also a de
lightful success was that given by Mr. and
Mrs. R. Augustus Bray last night in honor of
Miss Daisy Wlngate. The Brays' have one of
the most artistic little homes in Piedmont, and
It needed only a few effective touches in
scarlet— crimson shaded candelabra and masses
of vivid Balvia; — to make it a charming setting
for the merry party of diners. •
Mr. and Mrs. Bray's guests were: Miss
Daisy Wlngate, Mr. and Mrs. Charles B.
Wingate, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rickard, Mrs.
Julie Bray Coon, Captain Charles Q. Lyrnan,
U. 8. A.; Mr. William Sproule and Mr. Lau
rence F. Cadogan.
OAKLAND, Nov. J.4. — The- demands of Van
ity Fair seem to be steadily encroaching on
the Sabbath— that oustom. If not religious ob
servance, has long made the one day of rest.
Sunday dinners and informal little at homes
are the order in several of our most conserva
tive families. It is really delightful to "drop
in" on one'a friends without being obliged to
notify them in advance or to wait for a for
mal Invitation and find that a half-dozen con
genial spirits have been seized with tha same
sociable inclination. Sunday affairs are of
necessity lack ins in ostentation and" nt 1ft for
mality and so conducive to a camaraderie that
Is refreshing alike to the weary business man
and fashion's tired butterfly. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bratnober. entertained
a dozen friends at a very charming dinner last
evening, that much feted young lady. Miss
Ethel Valentine, supplying the motif. Win
ter's gorgeous colors made the dining-room a
cheerful and attractive spot, crimson blossoms
and lights being blended in a really elabo
rate scheme of decoration.
. Covers were laid for Miss Valentine, Miss
Pauline Fore, .Miss Lavel, Miss Marlon Lavel,
Mrs. Robert Duncan, Messrs. Brady, ¦ Ashby,
Powell,. Little, Flsk, Judge Whltehead of
Nome, Alaska, and Mr. and Mrs. Bratnober.
By Zoe Green RadcliffeL
Dr. S. W. Means has returned from Modesto,
where he spent ten weeks. He was the motif
of a surprise reception tendered him by his
mother, Mrs. Emma Wallingford, at her resi
dence, 973 Sutter street, on Sunday evening,
October 30. Thirty guests participated In the
happy affair.
Rev. J. C. Robertson, the new minister of
the Methodist Church South on Union street,
will be tendered a reception Thursday even
ing by the members of his congregation.
The Saturday Evening Cotillon gave Its first
dance of the season in Woodmen Hall last Sat
urday evening. Mrs. I. N. Chapman, Mrs.
Emma Rathgeb 'and Mrs. George H. . Perry
are the patronesses of the cotillon. •
Interest fcr Oaklanders ar* the Redfleld con
cert and Miss Laura Kinse von Klslelnicka's
song recital.
Lowell Itedflold will make his professional
debut next Friday night at Maple Hall, and
as the young barytone has frequently sung In
behalf of charity and at smart functions, so
ciety Is taking a decided interest In the com
ing concert. Ha will be assisted by Parva
Gruvsky, that charming little Russian that
Kl.ellltes will remember with pleasure; .Wil
liam Leimert, cellist: a violin ensemble and
tho Athenian Club Quartet. Miss Mabel Hill,
tha youthful and talented organist of tha
First Presbyterian Church, will be thef ac
companist for the evening.
Miss von Ktsielnicka will give her concert
In San Francisco on the 22d at Stelnway Hall,
and it will doubtless be a brilliant social event,
as Avail as a success artistically.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 14.— Local society is re-
Jolcinc in the organization of the Alameda
Assembly, which has formed for the season
and which will hold three events on the fol
lowing dates: November 23, December 30 and
January 27. The patronesses of the assembly
are Mrs. William Bissell, Mrs. James Black,
Mrs. Harvey Dana, Mrs. S. M. Haslett. Mrs.
Q. L. Lansing, Mrs. P. H. McCormick. Mrs. C.
J. Okell, Mrs. Robert Swayne. Mrs. L. C. Shel
don. Mrs. Lewis S. Spear and Mrs. Philip S.
Teller. All of the meetings will take place In
Harmonie Hall.
Two large boxes of books from Brussels
have been received at the university library.
They include valuable French medieval and
modern histories. Chief among them are three
large folios, published by Mezeray in 1685.'
and a set seventeen volumes, published in 1753.
The Qiee and Mandolin clubs of the- univer
sity are to make a tour of Southern Califor
nia during the Christmas holidays, visiting
the following cities: Los Angeles, Pasadena,
Redlands, San Diego. Riverside, Santa Bar
bara, San Bernardino and Pomona. The clubs
number many members who have homes In
the southern part of the State, among them
being: *E. R- May. C. M. Leach and L. A.
Nathan of Los Angeles, N. E. Dole- and G. E.
Dole of Riverside and R. Nandlni. R. r>
Brackelt and W. F. Brackett of Pasadena.
A field trip to the Point Reyes Peninsula is
to be made by the class in botany 4 on No
vember 20 to study the. forests there.
Professor and Mrs. Henry Senger have an
nounced the engagement of their daughter.
Miss Florence Senger, to Dudley S. Saltzer, a
young business man of Redding. Professor
Senger is in the German department of the
university. His daughter entered the uni
versity in 1902. and after a year's ?«tudy went
abroad with her parents to study In Ger
many, where sh« devoted herself to music
and language". Mr. Saltzer was an associate
of hers at the university. He coached tha
local High School eleven fcr several years,
and was prominent In athletics at the uni
versity.
BERKELEY, Nov. 14.— Th« university au
thorities have been informed that a gift oi
$25,000 from an' alumnus for a swimming tank
Is likely to b« mad* during the coming 'year,
and to have decided to deter tha construction
of a small swimming tank, -which gymnasium
frequenters had petitioned for. Th« name of
th« alumnus and th« conditions which mak»
the gift problematical are not given at the
university. It has been proposed to pump
¦alt water from the bay Into the tank. It Is
possible that the city will decld« to build
a large reservoir In the hills where water will
b« kept for protection against fire, and if this
is done tha same pumping plant will be utU
lzed to supply the gymnasium tank with wa
ter Th« proposed tanK is to be X3t glaw, lit
underneath with electric lights to provide pro
tection against accidents. ..... . . . .
The council of the Associated Alumni held
ita annual meeting In Hopkins' Institute last
Friday Dr L. Van Orden. presiding officer
for the last year, declined renomlnation. and
Dr J O. Morrlsswy of. the medical alumni
was elected president. Edward Booth was
elected first vice president: Mrs A. F. Mor
rison second vice president; Miss Anna Mc-
Neil secretary, and Dr. H. M. Simmons, treas
urer' After a discussion of the proposed new
constitution of the '•Greater Alumni Associa
tion " about to be established, it was de
cided to submit the matter to the Alumni As
sociation of the Affiliated Colleges and secure
an opinion from the professional graduates be
fore taking final action. The "Greater Alumni
Association" proposes to break down the lines
now existing and Include graduates of all de
partments on an equal footing.
Clarence D. Clark, '00. has been appointed
division superintendent of the California Gas
and Electric Company, with headquarters at
Napa. He has supervision of the work in the
counties of Marin, Sonoma, Napa and Contra
Cocta.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
SUNDAY DINNERS.
As to the story told by Campbell
that on the night of the shooting she
told him that "She had a gun as good
as his," Mrs. Campbell says that it is
absolutely false; that she merely told
him that she would not return to him
and asked him to leave the house.
She says on one occasion since the
divorce Campbell had attempted to
beat her because' she refused to live
with him again.
Dr. R. T. Stratton. who is attend
ing Mrs. Campbell, said her condition
was somewhat improved to-day and
that unless blood poisoning should set
In 'she had an excellent chance for re
covery. The surgeon fears, however,
that the rusty corset steel, which was
driven into her chest ahead of the bul
let, may have left poison in the
wound. If so there will be little chance
of saving Mrs. Campbell's life.
OAKLAND, Nov. 14. — Mrs. Laura
C. Campbell, who was shot and dan
gerously, wounded Saturday night by
her divorced husband, Lem C. Camp
bell, to-day flatly denied the statement
that she had begged him to return to
her or that she had ever made any
threats against him. Mrs. Campbell
says she was forced to get a divorce
from her husband on account of his
continued intemperance and abuse
and that ever since she secured the
interlocutory decree, nearly a year
ago, he has continually Importuned
her to have the decree set aside and
return to him.
Victim of Batcher's Jealous Race
Says His Statement to the Police
Is Absolutely False.
3ERS. CAMPBELL DEXIES
SIIE\ THREATENED HUSBAND
BERKELEY. Nov. 14. — The follow
ing lectures will be given by Robert
Dupouey, instructor at the University
of California: Tuesday, November 15,
"The Paris of the Parisians"; Thurs
day, November 17, "The Bohemian
Cabarets of Montmartre"; Tuesday,
November 22, "Parisian Life as Seen
on the Stage"; Tuesday, November 29,
"The Parisian Humorists"; Thursday,
December 1, "The Provincial Paris";
Tuesday, December 6, "Home Life of
the Parisian Bourgeois"; Thursday,
December 8, "Paul Verlalne, a Paris
ian Poet," illustrated by many read
ings from his works — (1) "Son En
fance Blanche," (2) "Paul Verlalne.
Devient Litterateur"; Tuesday, De
cember 13. "Paul Verlaine," second
lecture, (3> "Ses Chutes Successlves,"
(4) "L'Enfer."
Dupouey Will Lecture.
"The prosecuting officers will be ready
with a strong case against Kiniry. It
seems to me that the Oakland police
should send a man to Los Angeles at
once to be at hand at all times until he
shall be ready to return to Oakland
with Kiniry."
Chief Hodgking has made no move
toward sending a man south. He has
been too, busy with the scandalous ex
posures in his department.
Not only did Smith affirm this state
ment on his deathbed at the Receiving
Hospital, but he said It to Captain of
Police W. J. Petersen and to others be
fore his last words were taken for use
should his murderer be captured. Leach
said to-day: '
In preparation for the trial of David
Klniry. the Los Angeles burglar, who
Is charged with the murder of Police
man James H. Smith of Oakland, Pros
ecuting Attorney A. P. Leach began
to-day to frame" the case he will present
against the notorious housebreaker.
Leach declares his belief that he will
be able to establish a perfect chain of
circumstantial as well as considerable
direct testimony to connect Kiniry with
the slaying.
Much of the evidence is contained in
the testimony that was taken at the
Coroner's inquest in the case of Frank
Goldstein, Kinlry's companion, who
was killed by Patrolman Smith when
the fatal three-cornered duel occurred,
a year ago. But there Is more incrim
inating detail that is being carefully
studied. Attorney Leach gives Police
man Smith's dying statement an Im
portant place in the light of Kinlry's
admission that he Was with Goldstein
the night of the shooting. Kiniry has
asserted that Goldstein, and not him
self, shot Smith. Against that declara
tion will be the dying words of the of
ficer:
"The man I shot was not the man
who shot me."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 14.
BERKELEY, Nov. 14.— Tha struggle
between Captain J. T. Nance, military
instructor at the University of Cali
fornia, and the riotous members of the
senior class Is rapidly approaching a
climax and thirty-nine members of that
class have been notified by the captain
that their explanations as to their con
nection with the recent outbreak Is un
satisfactory. This means that thess
seniors cannot graduate unless they
meet Captain Nance's requirements.
This is about one-half of the class and
neither Captain Nance nor the seniors
are apparently inclined to give in.
The members of the senior class were
Instructed last week to give their ex
planations • of tho riot to Captain
Nance. Most of the"* members of tha
class informed the instructor that they
could not get into the classroom "be
cause of the crowd." Captain Nance
to-day called the entire class 'before
him and declined to accept this ex
planation. Each member of .the class
was presented with a sheet of paper
containing the formal charges against
him and at the bottom Captain Nance
had noted by the word "satisfactory"
or "unsatisfactory" his approval or re
jection of the explanation of the stu
dent. The explanations of forty-one
students were accepted and thirty-nine
were rejected.
Captain Nance informed the class
that if the students specified the indi
viduals of the crowd who prevented
them from entering the classroom the
explanation would be accepted. This
means that Captain Nance is deter
mined to get the names of the ring
leaders and is trying to force the stu
dents to give them.
-It also means that thirty-nine stu
dents will have to explain further or
lose their diplomas and that this num
ber does not include those who are yet
to be disciplined for the riot. Captain
Nance Is ruling the case with the Iron
hand of a strict military man and up
to the present time has been supported
in every move by the authorities.
Prosecution Preparing to
Confront Burglar Kiniry
With Strong Testimony
Captain Nance Not Satisfied
With the Explanations
ot Thirty-Nine Students
Throughout the hearing lurks the
figure of Van Horn, professor and de
tective. The defense say they will
show that he disguised himself as a
Chinese and shadowed his own home.
Mrs. Seibel testified that she found
a Chinese with an umbrella on the
back porch one stormy night. The
case will go on in the morning and it
is expected that to cap the other tes
timony Van Horn will tell of times
and dates in which he has spied upon
his wife.
Mrs. Lizzie Seibel, who weighs 250
pounds and was cook at the boarding
house, testified to having found Knopf
on divers occasions kissing her mis
tress. Miss Josephine Brown, trained
nurse, had seen Mrs. Van Horn, ac
companied by a young man, enter a
lodging-house. the proprietor of
which later identified Mrs. Van Horn
and Knopf as the couple to whom she
had several times rented a room.
The Van Horns have been married
for twenty years and have two chil
dren, a daughter of 18 years and a
son of 14. While Van Horn taught
school at San Rafael his wife con
ducted a student boarding-house at
2222 Bancroft way, Berkeley. One of
the boarders was Adolph Knopf, a
student, 21 years of age. Mrs. Van
Horn is apparently near the fifty-year
mark, tall and spare. She listened to
the testimony against her with a
weary smile.
OAKLAND, Nov. 14. — A college
youth, a boarding-house mistress, a
professor, a corpulent cook, students
and other witnesses form the dramatis
personae of a sensational divorce case,
the hearing of which was begun be
fore Judge Ogden this morning, when
the suit of Ross Van Horn vs. Marion
Van Horn was called. The plaintiff
is the principal of the San Rafael
High School. He accuses his wife of
being in love with Adolph Knopf, a
post-graduate student at the Univer
sity of California.
His Infatuation for Boardlng-House
Mistress, Age 50, Leads to
. Divorce Suit.
UNIVERSITY STUDENT IS
XAMED AS CO-RESPOXDEXT
DYING WORDS
MAY CONVICT
MORE TROUBLE
FOR SENIORS
The only member of the accused four
who has remained In Oakland is Ham
erton. He persists in denials of wrong
doing and says he is ready, to face a
trial. Hamerton continues to declare
that he has repeatedly called the at
tention of Chief Hodgklns to com
plaints that prisoners were robbed by
policemen after they had been taken
into custody.
Chief Hodgkins has referred the
charges against Policeman Frank Sill
to the Police Commissioners. The evi
dence, according to Hodgklns, is very
weak. It was said Sill had been seen
leaving Becker's meat market with a
ham. Sill declares his innocence and
insists the accusation comes from per
sonal enemies.
"W. J. Tobln, who was appointed to fill
one of the vacancies In the department,
has declined the position, being satis
fied to hold his place with the Howard
Company, that pays him $90 a month.
The Police Commissioners will meet
Friday to take further action with re
lation to the situation. Patrolman
Shannon Is being pressed for promotion
to a sergeant's place.
The police attitude is that the evi
dence was gathered not for purposes of
criminal prosecution, but to force the
quartet out of the department. To that
end It is asserted that pressure was put
upon them to compel them to tell the
truth concerning the pllferings. Here
the prosecuting officers say they might
be handicapped should they go to trial
against the four disgraced policemen.
Prosecuting Attorney Leach said to
day: .
I cannot find sufficient evidence to warrant
issuance of complaints against any of the
men. That there Is ample proof, of their
wrongdoing there can be no question, bat this
does not satisfy th« legal requirement con
cerning evidence*.
If anything further Is presented than has
already come to my attention I shall b« very
careful to consider It thoroughly. I am doing
what I consider to be my full duty aa a
prosecuting officer and I shall not flinch.
Harnerton's residence was searched a
few days ago under Chief Hodgklns'
direction, but no evidence was uncov
ered.
Prosecuting Attorney A. P. Leach
has decided that he has not sufficient
evidence upon which to Issue criminal
complaints charging former Sergeant ot
Police Charles E. Clark and dismissed
Policemen J. F. Stahl, L. E. Andrews
and C. W. Hamerton with burglary or
larceny. This decision is not final. City
Attorney J. E. McElroy, who is also
president of the Board of Police and
Fire Commissioners, will hold a con
ference with Attorney Leach to-mor
row. At that meeting the statements of
the witnesses — Sergeant of Police Frank
Lynch, Patrolman Shannon and Spe
cial Policeman Newell Goodwin— will be
reviewed, as will the written confes
sions of Andrews and Stahl.
As president of the board McElroy
said to-day:
My position concerning tee prosecution of
these man on charge* of theft Is simply this:
I believe the courts should pass upon the evi
dence. If these men are guilty of crime they
should be punished. If they are not guilty. It
seems to me they would Invite prosecution
that their defense might vindicate them.
I have not had an opporunlty as yet to meet
Mr. Leach and Chief Hodgklns la a discussion
concerning the evidence. I have not seen the
confessions, nor have I heard the statements
of all of the witnesses.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
.1016 Broadway, Nov. 11.
Trainer Christie criticized Coach Lan
agan of "Stanford foFcoachlng from the
side lines during the game, declaring
that it was unsportsmanlike and im
proper from any standpoint. He Bug
gested the framing of regulations which
would prevent a repetition of the al
leged infraction of football ethics.
Of the football eleven Force, Lasa
ter. Stern, Snedigar, Kern and Boothe
made short addresses, thanking the
previous speakers for kind words
spoken. Tell Leader Bulkeley spoke
briefly in praise of the rooters and was
received with enthusiasm. He told how
a few plans of the rooters had "gone
agley." The California rooters were
congratulated for the splendid showing
made during th« game.
I knew that I had a hard contract when I
undertook the job this year, but I didn't
stop on that account. We did the best we
could under the conditions, and some of thes*
were Inevitable. Had It not been for Injuries
and disease we should have won. We fought
them to a standstill and when our men gave
way they gave way physloally and not In
spirit. It was only when battered bodies could
do no more that Stanford was able to win.
Hopper made a hit by requesting
that any or all blame be put upon him,
and not on the team, declaring that
death was not too severe a punishment
for a man who should criticize the Cali
fornia team. He spoke in part as fol
lows :
I certainly am not disappointed with the
work of the team. On the other hand I am
absolutely satisfied. It was the most herolo
game I ever saw. Tou ought to kill the man
who dares to criticize the team. If any crit
icism comes It ought to be directed at me. I
can stand it.
In accordance with the customs of
past years, the blue and gold football
enthusiasts gathered on the steps of the
gymnasium at the university this
morning to hold the annual rally fol
lowing the big game with Stanford.
President Wheeler, Coach Hopper,
Trainer Christie and members of the
football team made short speeches.
Hopper has been criticized in various
quarters for his handling of the team
and his Inability to make eleven cham
pions out of green material, but Presi
dent Wheeler utilized the occasion to
give Hopper unusually emphatic praise.
He said:
There never was a team I should have
wished to see win so much as the one that
went down to glorious defeat last Saturday.
It went into the contest Inferior In weight
an.J physical strength to the Stanford team,
and it took grit and spirit to make It tha
equal of Stanford, which feat was done in
the first half. I particularly want to speak
of "Jimmy" Hopper and his magnificent spirit,
spirit which he transferred to his men and
made them light a memorable battle. A team
needs rigid organization and spirit and Hopper
gave the eleven both. What It lacked In
pounds and experience Hopper made up in
spirit, and It was this courage that made It
take the fearful pummeling and meet the trip
hammer of the opposing team. For the sake
of California the eleven played Its hopeless
game like men and revived and closed the con
test gaining ground. There la no fight like
aa uphill fight. I am prouder of that team
than of any other that has upheld the blue
and gold since I have known this university.
I make no excentlons.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 14.
This cemmitte* Is fully convinced that with
in easy i»ach of Oakland there Is an abundant
surrly of water of good quality that may be
obtained at a moderate cost. From near the
town cf Pecoto to th* southern boundary of
the county and underneath the alluvial soil
are extensive gravel be<is at varying depths
and sJl carrying great quantities of water. Land
can be purchased at different points, wells
bored and pumped from a common center by
electric rower. The water can be forced Into
a p!r* line and brought to the distributing
system already spoken of. In fact, a lanre
part of the city's present supply and all of
Alameda's snrply comes from such wells at
Alvarado. We believe thtt land can be bought
sufficient for our purposes. wells bored.
Reliable estimate* have been made showing
that consoswrs of water In our city can pay
the bonds necessary for the new plant, both
principal ana Interest, during the forty years
they have to run. and still not pay as high
rates for water as we now pay to the Contra
Cr>FtA Water Company. It will require from
two to thrs* years to construct the works pro
posed by the Bay Cities Water Company.
Of the underground proposition the
committee reports:
Oakland has. therefore, no alternative but
to confctrucl or buy an independent system.
The committee has conF'dered various propo
rtions and has eliminated all but two. The
committee is unanimous in saying that both
Of. these are good and that either plan will
subserve the needs of the city. There Is a
Flight diversity of opinion In the committee
; r to preference, but that Is all. Both plans
contemplated laying by the city of a com
plete distributive system that fhall be mod
ern, up to date and of the very best material.
In addition, the city must erect and main
tain a Dumping slant near the Fruitvale
boundary line for forcing the water to a dis
tributing reservoir at sufficient height. The
cost cf this distributing system, pumping
plant and reservoir will not exceed $2,000,000.
TTiis cost must be added to any estimate of
cost for either of the two plant*.
In detail the committee presents both
proposition*. After showing that the
Bay Cities Company purposes to install
a plant that will supply the city with
at least 20,000,000 gallons of water a
day. to cost 53.750,000. with nearly J2,
000.000 added for a distributing system,
the statement continues:
The price asked by the Bay Cities Water
Company Is, In our opinion, moderate. The
Contra Coata Water Company claims its plant
i* worth more than $7,000,000. This plant has
an old distributive system, pipe lines that
have seen their best flays and a water supply
from lAke Chabot, which Is Itself supplied 5y
creeks running through a settled and agricul
tural country. Its system cannot deliver any
thing like 20.000,000 gallons per day. We do
not believe It can exceed 12,000.000 gallons p«r
day. In the event of a prolonged drought
LsJte Chabot is certain to fall. Adding (2.000.
000 for a Cletributlve system to the $3,750,000
asked by the Bay Cities Water Company
makes a total of $5,750,000. But for that
amount the city ¦will get a new. first-class dis
tributing system, pumping plants, new pipe
lines and at least 20,000,000 gallons of water
r*r day.
To tUe voter- of Oakland: The City Council
appointed the undersigned a special committee
to lnvestlcate and report upon propositions
presented to It fcr acquiring a water supplj
for the city. After consultation with rilthj
members of the Council and receiving their
nppro\Rl -t bas been determined to submit
r>r your contidersticn two propositions, wltn
the r»<ju<--5t that >x.u express your preference.
This committee d<*s DOC believe nor does
It encourage the hope that it will b* poembla
to formulate any reasonable scheme ror a
municipally owned water plant that will not
b* the object of attack In the court by some
corporation or other adverse interest. It does
believe, however, that the two propositions
herein recvmiT'ended are as free from Uan£-ra
of this kind as ere any that could be pre
sented and we are not apprehensive of serl
ou» obstacles or Olay to the successful con
summation of either cf the proposed plans.
The city muit take eome risk In this regard
<r else be forever held up by Interests ad
verse to the welfare of the city.
The committee desires your opinion as to
which one of these •chemes- should be adopted.
It intends to make the result* of this Informal
vote a sart of its report to the City Council.
As to its decision to present the two
proposals it has selected the committee
Fays:
Some of our citiseas undoubtedly prefer the
purchase 01 the Contra Costa plant and dis
tributing system, provided it could be boupnt
at a valuation not exorbitant. This is In ac
cord with the Idea of the committee, but this
«v.mmittee Is certain that a purchase at any
thing like a reasonable price Is impossible, for
the reason ameng others that although ths
compary made a written agreement a short
time «tnoe to s«ll or lease Us plant to the
city at a valuation to be fixed by a board of
engineers and in the meantime to accept rates
hasod on' t*ich value. It promptly repudiated
the agreement when the time came to put It
In effect. Moreover, the company has not
ma<5e any further offer either to the Council
or to this committee.
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— To learn the
community's sentiment touching the
various water supply projects that have
been submitted to the special commit
tee on municipal water plant, the com
mittee has called for a postal card vote
of citizens on two propositions— that of
the Bay Cities Water Company, to cost
Jp.700,000, and the development of an
underground supply from the artesian
belt in the Niles cone, to cost $3,500,000.
The committee intends to be guided in
its recommendation to the City Council
by the returns from its postal card can
vass. Voters are also requested to say
whether they oppose municipal owner-
In its statement to the public the
mmmittee says:
it Is expected that the canvass will be
completed before Saturday. The com
mittee is unanimous in its report to the
public.
pumping planta Installed, main pipe lines laid
and reservoirs constructed for $1.50U.000. This,
added to (2.000.000 for distributing system,
makes a total estimated coet of $3,500,000, as
against $5,750,000 that must bo expended on
the Hay Cities proposition. It will, in the
opinion of your committee, however, be worth
more than the present Contra Cotta Water
Company's plant.
The most desirable feature of this under
rround water supply U Its cheapness and the
fact that It can be made to serve our pur
:¦ 5i-s until such time as the growth of the
city and the utilizing of mountain sources of
supply will enable us to get, at reasonable
cost, a still more abundant supply of this
prime necessity of life. Any municipally
owned water supply makes It necessary for the
city to have a distributive system of its own.
The expense for this must j>e Incurred, even
though we should buy the Contra Costa Water
Company** plant, as a large part of its dis
tributive system will have to be renewed. The
committee estlmateo. hut without having had
complete engineering figures made, that the
cost of the pipe line, pumping plant, reservoirs,
and wells will not exceed $1. 500.000.
It Trill require from one to two years to put
this system In operation.
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— Miss Grace
Jury, who last Fourth of July won the
owners' driving race with her black
pacer at Centerville, was married yes
terday at her father's home at Mowrys
Landing to S. T. Coram, whom she de
feated in the i final heat for the honor
of driving the fastest trotter in the
countryside. Coram sought an intro
duction to his fair competitor after he
had lost the race and yesterday's event
shows that he used the time to good
purpose.
The romance which began in the
sulkies as they flew around the track
at the celebration of the nation's natal
day, is a sequel that has the indorse
ment of the friends of the couple-
Grace Jury is about twenty-four years
of. age and a fearless horsewoman. She
When a prize was offered for the
fastest trotter driven by an owner tha
entire sporting blood of "Washington
Township was aroused and Miss Jury
entered her pet. After an afternoon
of heats at the close of a trying day of
racing Miss Jury and S. T. Coram.
overseer of the James Q. Fair ranch
near Newark, were the two left to fight
out the final best two out of three heats
for the trophy. The big bay &riven by
Coram was not equal to the speed or
endurance of the little black, and when
the day's racing was done Miss Jury
was victor over them all. Coram ac
cepted his defeat gracefully, but turned
his defeat into victory by winning both
victor and her steed.
comes by her instinct naturally, as sho
is a daughter of the blue grass region
and since she was able to say "horse"
has owned one.
M. C. McDcnald to Alma E_ MacDonald,
lot on E lln» of Linden street, 230 S of Thtr
tleth, S 50 by E 125. lot 6. block A. Golden
Gate Homestead. Oakland: gift.
Edward P. Flint (single) to James Y. E*
cleston. lot on iTW line of Walsworth avenue
140.6 XE of Stanley place. NE 40. NW 101. SO.
SW 40. SE 10*J.54. portion of lota 11 and 12.
block C, map cf resubdlvlsion of b!ock» C ami
D. Flint Tract, Oakland; 510.
Katherlna I. Wait (widow) to Andrew P»
tersen (married), lots 13 to 13. map of Vow
and Thomas Tract, East Oakland: $10.
Monroe Green Estate Company to Nina Nell-.
«en. lot IS. blcck D. map of Peralta Heightv
East Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery to R. Brent MltcJx
ell, lot In cemetery. Oakland Township: Sill.
M. C. and Thomas H. McDcnald to Alma &
MacDonald. subdivision of lots 30 to 32 an&
41', block 25, map of subdlvls.on of block -3,
Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley: $10.
Rosa M. Shattuck (widow) to Samuel A.
and William E. Pleasant?. W 30 feet of lot
S and E 10 feet of lot ». block 4, Shattuck
Tract, map No. 2. Berkeley; $10.
William F. and Meta BI. Krahn to Sarah A.
HcKes (widow), lot 2. block 2. map of Santa
Fe Tract No. 3. Berkeley; $10.
Harriet E. Whitlow (single) to Martha 3*
Hallldle (widow) lot oa N lln« of Chaanln*
way. 100 W of Collee* avenua (Audubon), W
50 by N i:tO:6. portion of lot 4. block 9. pro»»
•ry of College Homestead Association, Berke
ley; $10.
Katherlna Dlgier (wlf* of Louis P.) to Louts)
Paul Dialer, lot on W line of Third street,
2f'5 S of Rose. 8 37:6. W 133. N 12:6, W
133. X 23. E 266. Iot9 15 and 3» and portion
lot 16, block 32. tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, quitclaim
deed, Berkeley: $10.
Mary Alice Mathews, etc.. to ths Realty Eyo»
dicate. l.ca acres, beginning at NE cornex oi
Smith's subdivision part o' Mathews Traot.
thence alonr N boundary line of same, SW
179.88 to E line of Calais, thenc* N*W 371. NB
20ti.71. SE 375 to beginning, quitclaim deed.
Berkeley; $10.
& Kelsey (single) to Ida Hopps (wif» off
Relnhold), lots 24 and 23, Fmttvale Home
stead Association, quitclaim de«d, Brooklyn
Township; $3.
F. W. and Josephine Dohrmann to Ida iL
Mattson. lot on W line of Linden street. 39
S of Haight avenue, S 23 by W 110. block 22*^
subdivision lot 7, In Teutonia Park Horns—
stead, Alameda: $10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Margaret F. Qulnn. lot on S lir.« of Mont*
Vista (Rose) avenue. 640 E of Piedmont. B
30 by S 100, betnK W 30 fe«t of lot 16. map
of Keller's Rose Park Oakland; $10.
Harry L. and Nyda W. Holcomb to Harry J.
JIcKlm (husband of Celestlne B.). lot on 9
line of Thirty-seventh street. 34O W of Tel*,
zrash avenue. W 40, S 120.27. E 40.12. JC
129.65, lot 31, map Roosevelt Terrace, Oai&»
land; $10.
F. L. Butterfleld (slogls) to Holcomb LaniJ
Company (corporation), lot on NE line of
Sprinsr street. 185 SE of Piedmont avenu» SB
40. NB 111, NW 40, SW 113. being SE 25 feat
of lot S and NW 15 feet of lot 0. SDrms
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Holcomb Land Company (corporation) to*
Lucinda C. D:a:?Jell (widow), same. Oakland!
$10.
Susan Jrhnson Cobb to E. T. Letter, lot 14.
block II. Major Given Tract. Oakland; $10.
Emma Damton or Dowton to Harriet B.
Ormsby. lot en N line f»f Oakland avenue, :IO>
E of Howard avenue. E SO b.v N 10«>. lot 25
and portion lot 20, Bowie property. Oakland
Township: $10.
Lewis W. and Kittle E. Nolta to Jeremiah
and Ellen Smith, lot on SW corner of Dalton
avenue and Maple street, W 1M, 3 105:10. C
185:9, N 179:9. lots 112 and 113, map Maxwal]
Tract. Emeryville. Oakland Township: $10.
Contra Costa Construction Company to C. TV.
Woodwcrth. lot en N line of Carlton str«*»t.
423 E of Fulton. E BO by N 13.\ lot 28, block
1453, Berkeley property, maps 1 anJ 2, Blak»
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Perry T.
Tompklns and D. Winter, lots 9. 9 and 1<J,
block P. Hopkins Terrace, map No. 2. etc
Berkeley: also lot beginning at NW corner o*
lot IB. thenr* a 147.84 to M line of Ciena
avenue. W 25. N 146. E to beginning. Berke
ley: $10.
Christian Hoff to Town of Berkeley (oorpo
ration) lot en FH corner of Bristol and Sixth
streets. E 10 by S 120. portion lot 1. block *i
Tract B. Berkeley Land and Township Im
provement Association for public street an<J
highway. Berkeley: $10.
Charles Frsnklln, etc.. to same. "W 10 fao*
of the following described piece of land ac
Intersection of B Sixth street with center I!tm
of Strawberry Creek. N 100. E 12.'.. 8 to ce'».
ter of said creek. W to the bejrlnnlnir of lot t8
and portion of lot 17. lying >T of said creek fa
block «.>. same map. said 10 feet being on fi
line of Sixth street to widen said Sixth, street
Berkeley: $10.
Sara A. McKee (widow) by 9. B. McXa«.
attorney, to William T. Kraha. lot 3 of block
6. map Santa Fe Tract No. 5, deed and acres!
ment: Berkeley: $10. «***•.
L. C. Morehocs* to Mart* Knan«r. lot oa
N line cf Orchard avenua. 150 "W of 8«eoaS
avenue, W 60 by N 140. lot to of block C. ma»
Ston« Tract being subdivision of lots. 1 to 0
of Ston« subdivision, quitclaim <5e«d: BrookNn
Township; $1.
Ida B. and R. D. Winters (husband) •*»
John C. and Maria K. 8tler>«r, lot on VWt
line of Ue«e a-renn*. 27J».9T RW of Intersection
with SW lln» of Old County Road OaklaaA
to San Leandro. SW BO by W 2«5.81 po»«
tlon of Plat 4. map 22. aer* tract surrvyad fos»
Llese Brothers, etc.: Brooklyn Township- $l(X
Robert F. Sesnon (single) to M*ry A. 'aus*
tin (widow) lot on NT; corner of Paciflo *'*»
•rtii* and Bay street, N 200, E 73. 8 100 "VCf
23. B 100. W 60. property out of county con*
veys all Interest as hMr at law of RoNrrt 5^
Sesnon and of Catherine 8*«no«
(deceased), Alameda: S1O..;,, .,„
Alomeda County
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Final Decision Held in Abey
ance as to Prosecution
on a Criminal Charge
Committee Requests
Vote on Two Projects
Bally on California Cam
pus at Which the Squad
Eeceives Hearty Cheers
Romance of Track Ends in Mar
riage of Victor and Vanquished.'
EULOGY FK05I WHEELER
CONFERENCE PENDING
Will Act When Public Speaks
Attorney Is Not Yet Beady
to Touch the Cases of
the Dismissed Policemen
Football Expert Eeceives
Recognition in Public of
His Work for University
FAIR HORSEWOMAN WINS
A RACE AND A HUSBAND
OAKLAND LAWMAKERS ASK
FOR CITIZENS' OPINIONS.
COACH PRAISED
BY PRESIDENT
LEACH WANTS
MORE EVIDENCE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN , FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15,. 1904.
. CHRISTIAN -ENDEAVOR OFFICERS.—
Alameda, Nov. 14. — Officers have been Installed
by the Christian Endeavor Society of the First
Congregational Church as follows: . President,
\V. T. Locke; vice president, Mrs. J. D. Rog
ers; corresponding secretary. Miss Ruey ¦ Dex
ter; treasurer. Miss Mabel Dewing. ¦
EDMUND BAKER DEAD.— Oakland. Nov
It. — Edmund^ Baker.- a well-known clubman
of Oakland. . who left > for : the East a short
time ago, died Friday in a hospital at Ogden,
Utah. He became ill on the train and death
w«* cauted by heart trouble. -The remains
~w k* mu to Newark. N. J., for burial.
VICTORIA. Nov. 14. — Arrived, steamer City
of Puebla. fifty hours from San Francisco.
being within two hours of her Pacific Coaat
record of forty-eight hours, made seven years
airo under Captain Debney. - '¦"
VICTORIA, Nov. 14. — Br ' bark Arracan,
from Acapulco, • for British Columbia, reported
entering straits Monday and was be&ten back
by southeasterly, gale blowing ail day.
Memoranda.
6
a ¦ ir.»— |I*o»*tiTgIy cared by
p A RTT D Q these Little PiIU »
wn IVI SLBiO Ttc7 also relievo D'3-
EJ5J3 , v _, _ tres? fron Dyspepsia. la*
VijT I » T L& digestion and Too Hearty
-J S\/§^R Eating; a perfect rem-
£1 '¦."»• edyforDtzSiess.^ansea.
fi PILbSa Drow3lne33. Bad Taste
J£4 J^i • *n tho i!outi. Coated
Tocpie. Pain In tHo Side.
— ¦ -+ lTomn> liver, ibey
regulate too Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALLPUL SMALLOOSL SMALLPRICE.
garters! core sick fiEADACttii -
SSlrrriE Genuine Must Bear, ,
1 PILL ? Signatuii
APVERTTSE3IENTS.
PHYSICIAN'S EVERYWHERE
Knovr the Value of Pyramid Pile Cure.
"Gratitude alone prompts me to tes-
tify to the cfHcacy of Pyramid Pile
Cure. Last March I bought a dollar
package at the drugstore, which cured
me of bleeding piles, and I was a suf-
ferer from them for eight years; but I
had not been troubled with them since,
until last September, when I gave birth
to a baby girl, and after that I had a
very severe case of protruding piles,
which a trained nurse said was the
woret case phe ever saw. and my doctor
told me to firet Pyramid Pile Cure a Rain.
which I did and was completely cured
in three days. I have not had piles of
sny kind since, and it is all owing to
this wonderful remedy. My nurse took
a box. which I was glad to be able to
give her. for I know she will be able
to help lots of suffering people whom I
could never see or know.
"I recommend 'Pyramids' wherever I
know of any one suffering as I did. It
gives me great pleasure to be able to
say I am entirely cured, which my doc-
tor says is true. I say God bless Pyra-
mid Pile Cure." From a former great
Fufferer. Mrs. F, S. Ancott, 1206 Unity
street. Frankford. Philadelphia, Pa.
This remedy, which is sold by drug 1 -
Rists penerally. In fifty cent and dol-
lar packages, Is in a suppository form,
i« applied directly to the parts affected
and performs Its work quietly and
painlessly. , Its value is evidenced by
the testimony given above, and we urge
all sufferers to buy a package now and
Cive it a trial to-night. Accept no sub-
ultutes and remember that there is no
remedy "Just as good."- A little book
«m the Cause and Cure of Piles is pub-
lished by the Pyramid Drug Co.. Mar-
fhall, Mirh.. and will be sent free to
any address.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF TnE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
21 48 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth "7.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.Whale Blown Ashore.
PENXELLVILLE, Me., Nov. 14. —
One of the most singular effects of the
gale here v.-as the blowing , ashore of
a whale eighty feet long. Unable to
get back into deep water, the great
creature lay helpless on • the beach
;md a bullet from a hunter's rifle end
ed i-a llio.
PAPERHANGER FALLS FROM LADDER.
John Lynch, a paperhanger. at C2S Seventh
street, sustained serious injuries yesterday
¦while at work at 38 Gilbert street. Lynch
fell from a ladder, striking on his left side
breaking- his thigh bone and his left arm
He was treated at the Emergency Hospi
tal by Dr. Plnkham.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 14.— The
American line steamship Merion from
Liverpool and Queenstown for this
port, which went aground on Chester
Island flats, in the Delaware River,
fourteen miles below thfs city during
the severe storm of Sunday afternoon,
was still fast in the mud at a late hour
to-night. The 1000 passengers who
were compelled to remain on the big
liner all night were taken off by the
river steamboat Columbia this after
noon and landed at the American line
pier in this city. Hundreds of rela
tives and friends of the belated pas
sengers, who expected the Merion to
dock yesterday, were at the pier to
greet the voyagers.
The Merion lies with her bow
buried deep In the mud and so far as
known h?s sustained no damage.
Tugs have . been at work ever since
the ship went aground, but have not
Fucceeded in moving the big vessel.
A lighter was towed alongside the
ship and much of the cargo has been
unloaded.
Carried From the Merion, Which Is
Still in the Mud.
An Effective Method.
"A few days ago," says the New
York Telegram, "George A. Ade, while
conducting a rehearsal of his < new
comedy, 'The College Widow,' at the
Garden Theater, was greeted by a
stranger. 'I am very glad to
meet, you, Mr. Ade,' said the stranger.
*I too am a playwright and 1
¦would like to have some advice from
you. I have completed a play and all
arrangements have been completed for
the production except one little detail.
I have a scene where wild lions are
supposed to be roaring. I have been
unable to find any stage apppllance
that will make the noise desired. Can
you tell me how I can get this effect
of the roaring lions?'
" 'Just fine one of your actors %!,'
was Ade's reply."
PASSENGERS TAKEN ASHORE.
War is on between the Porto Ricans
and Mexicans who live in Hinckley'
alley. Yesterday Theofllo Bustamento,
a Mexican, called upon Marie Pinto, a
Mexican woman. While Justin Rod
riguez, Frank Astoria and Lino Que
sada, Porto Rlcans, attacked Busta
mento with a chair and razor, Juana
Besang. a Porto RIcan woman, at
tacked Miss Pinto and bit her finger
to the bone. Bustamento's scalp was
cut by a blow from the chair and his
cheek opened by a slash from the ra
zor. He and Miss Pinto were taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital and
the four Porto Ricans were arrested
by Policemen Collins and Davids.
Porto Rlcans Fight Mexicans.
RETURN OF DR. UAGAN. — Health Officer
r> f Ragan Is expected to arrive in this city
to-day after an extended trip through the
East undertaken primarily to study methods
in the great Eastern dtle*. bacteriology being
made a special feature of investigation. H*
will be greeted at the Oakland mole by a
number of friends from this city.
Ten Men Fall Victims to the Treach
ery of Filipino Irre
concilables.
MANILA, Nov. «;14. — Nine scouts of
the Thirty-eighth Company and one
American attached to the Hospital
Corps have been killed in an ambush
on the east coast of Samar.
SCOUTS ARE AMBUSHED
AND KILLED IX SAMAR
BOSTON, Nov. 14. — The fierce
southern storm, v»hich started off the
Florida coast on Saturday and swept
up the Atlantic seaboard, passed over
the maritime provinces to-day and to
night had its center off Cape Race,
Newfoundland. The storm in the
provinces, particularly along the pen
insula of Nova Scotia, was attended
with terrific gales and an unusually
low barometer, the glass at Halifax
to-day showing a mark of 28.6.
Telegraphic and telephonic com
munication with the provinces is in
terrupted and news coming from
Eastern Maine filtered through to-day
by a most circuitous route. To-night
there is no wire communication east
or north of Waterville, Me., and all
telegraphic connections between this
city and points in the State of Ver
mont is suspended. As reports have
been received here from points along
the New England coast regarding the
ravages of the storm a remarkably
small number of marine disasters was
noted. So far as known to-night only
two vessels were wrecked, the Rock
land schooner Arcularius, which went
ashore off the Tarpaulin Cove light
house on Naushon Island, . and the
Nautilus, which broke her back across
the new Dog bar, Gloucester harbor.
In neither case was there any loss of
life.
The chief damage caused by the
storm was the crippling of the tele
phonic, telegraphic and electric light
service throughout northern and east
ern New England. Through the entire
area of Maine, New Hampshire and
Vermont the course of the telegraph
and telephone lines is marked by hun
dreds, of poles that were blown down.
Clear and cold weather followed in
the wake of the storm.
Leaves the YVirp Service of New Eng
land Paralyzed.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15. 3:45 a, m.— -
The abattoirs at the foot of Sixth
street, Jersey City, are burning. Two
alarms have been sent in. but the fire
is spreading rapidly among the
buildings, which are of frame con
struction. . .
Trains of cattle cars belonging to
the Erie Railroad Company have been
drawn out of the fire zone.
Several large grain elevators stand
along the river front five or six blocks
from the fire, but they are not be
lieved to be in immediate danger.
The flames ran rapidly along the
water front toward the north and
were soon communicated to the docks
of the Berwynd-White Coal Company.
The terminal of the Erie Railroad is
situated not far south of these docks.
Great efforts were made by the men
employed about the abattoirs and
stockyards to save the cattle and it is
thought all were driven to places of
safety. ¦ ;; v "Av;
STORM PASSES TO SEA.
ROME, Nov. 14. — Definite returns
from the second balloting strengthen
the majority of the Cabinet, while the
Extreme Left lost about twenty seats
altogether. Signor Ferri, the Social
ist leader, has been elected at Porto
Maggiore. Defeated Socialists made
demonstrations at Milan, Florence and
Genoa, but the attempted disorders
were quelled by troops. The latter
were stoned in Florence, while at
Genoa revolvers were v flred and there
ivere several casualties. Order has.
now been re-established everywhere.
Second Balloting Accompanied by
Serious Disorders in Milan,
Florence and Genoa.
ITALIAN CABINET GIVEN"
INDORSEMENT AT POLLS
FIERCE BLAZE
IN NEW YORK
The legend "Our Favorite" picked out
in blossoms upon the monumental floral
piece passed over the Majestic foot
lights last night manifestly did not re
fer to a new brand of cigars, but to
Mips Adele Block, who made her initial
appearance at the uptown playhouse in
Majestic.
Patriotism, love, villainy and comedy
wet«i generously mingled last evening
at the Central Theater, where Edward
McWade's beautiful play, "Win
chester," was produced. Miss Ethel
Clifton looked charmingly
as the young girl spy. HerEchel Mayall
as Frank Kearny was at his best.
Very soldierly, manly and at all times
thoroughly in th'e atmosphere of the
play, Mr. Mayall was justly accorded
a rousing reception. As the villain
Philip Allen Henry Shumer gave one
of hJ* best performances and of course
met with th^ usual hisses from the
gallery. th*» latter being shared by
Pryse Mackaye. who was an accom
plice ot Allen's. Ernest Howell gives
an artistic portrayal of a Southern
gentleman. George Nicholls* imper
por.ation of the negro who swears by
proxy was well received. Danny Hali
fax shared honors with Millar Bacon.
Myrtle Vane looked winsome and acted
with a eprightliness that has made her
popular. James Corrigan was at his
best In one of the finest characteriza
tions he has ever given.
Central.
Mr. and Mrs. John T. Chick, a clever
duo of funmakers, pleased two audi
ences at the Chutes yesterday with
their domestic comedietta, "Matrimo
nial Mishaps." Duke Johnson and Mae
Wells, a singing and dancing colored
couple direct from New York, proved
as good a team in their line as has been
seen here in many a day. Little Edna
Grant in her characteristic dances
brought down the house. The Fetching
brothers continued their "musical flow
er garden." The Huegel brothers, com
edy acrobats; Mabel Larnson. the popu
lar singer of illustrated songs, and the
biograph, showing the latest European
and American novelties in moving pic
tures, completed an excellent pro
gramme. The realistic of
the Johnstown flood now shown at the
Chutes is a wonderful spectacle and one
that is bound to become a sensation in
this city. The amateurs promise many
novelties for Thursday night.
The Chutes.
The protest presented by Venner
was an objection to any attempt to
hold a meeting of the stockholders, on
the ground that th^ time fixed for
the annual meeting was noon and that
since more than an hour had passed
without holding the meeting or any
attempt to hold or adjourn the same,
no meeting could be held and any ac
tion taken would be null and void.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. — The meet
ing of the Northern Securities Com
pany was called to order to-day in
Hoboken, and. after receiving a pro
test from C. H. Venner, president of
the Continental Securities Company,
adjourned until Monday, November
21. Very few stockholders were pres
ent.
Protest Causes an Adjournment of
the Northern Securities
Meeting.
STOCKHOLDER INSISTS
UPON PUXCTtTALITY
ARMENIAN-GREEK INTERPRETER. —
The United States Civil Service Commission'
announces an examination for December 7,
at San Francisco. Los Angeles. Fresno, Mar>«
ville and Reno, for the position of Interpreter
(Armenian and either Syrian or Greek), .male,
in . the Immigration service at Ellis Island.
N.--Y. Age limit, 20 years or over. Apply
to the United States Civil Service Commis
sion. Washington, D. C, or to . the - secretary.
Board Civil Service Examiners,, postof flee,. San
Francisco, for 'application form 304 'and- 1141,
which - should be filed with the ' commission ¦ at
Washington. D. C , .
WYMAN'S CASE ASSIGNED.— The case of
Charles Wyman,' charged with fraudulently
vuting at the primary election, was assignaJ
yesterday to Judge Lawlor's court and put
on the calendar for to-morrow for arraign
ment of the defendant. At the same' time
Joseph Rebfltock. , charged with violating the
election law by refusing to administer the
oath to a voter whose vote was challenged
at the primary election, ; will be arraigned.
LEAVES FURNITURE . IN STREET.— On
Thursday last Raphael Romero, a tenant at
1021 Washington street, was ordered by the
Sheriff to vacate his home. , A. Fodera, the
landlord, secured Judgment ~of, $105 for three
months' rent. Dputy Sheriff Jessa.Galland
called on the occupants Saturday to see If they
had moved. Through th« pleading of room
ers, who said they had paid room rent In
advance, Galland allowed them ' until Monc!a>
to find new quarters. Galland called yafcwr
day but. found no one li attjniiano*, find the
furniture was moved on the meet, without a
claimant,'-.;;-.. 1
GUNTHER'S CASE PET FOR TRIAL.—
The case of Edward W. Gunther, charged
with offering and giving a bribe to Dayid J.
Kelly, a Juror at the trial of.Ng Yuen Lung
for the murder of Tom Ylck of the Chinese
Educational Society, was set by Judge | Law
lor yesterday for trial on Thursday morning
before Judge Burnett- of Santa Rosa In De
partment 6 of the Superior Court.
NOT JUDGE CONLAN'S BROTHER.—
Police Judge Conlan received a dispatch from
Dan McKlnnon. Dlxon. yesterday to the effect
that his brother, James, had died there Sun
diy night, and acklng for Instructions. The
Judge said yesterday that the man was no
relative of his. and that his only brother was
Dr. F. J. S. Conlan.
ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY. — Assistant
Secretary McCurrie of the Humane Society and
Police Officer Cook arrested Charles Carlson
yegterday on a charge of cruelty to animals.
Carlson Is alleged to have deliberately backed
a wagon loaded with Iron pipe Into a span of
hack horses. The unfortunate beaats were ter
ribly scraped and cut by the pipe. ;
SUSPECTED OF ROBBERY.— F.. Orndorff
was arrested yesterday . afternoon by Detec
tives Ryan and Taylor on suspicion of being
implicated in the- robbery of Gottlieb Hopp.
formerly sergeant in Company K of the Coast
Artillery. Hopp says th»t while out on a
spree he was robbed of ?2000 In greenbacks
and $250 In gold, the savings of thirty years.
Omdorff stoutly denies the charge.
DELIBERATELY ENDS LIFE.— S. W.
Froefe, a, beltmaker, was found dead in his
room In a lodging-house at 655 Folsom street
yesterday afternoon. He had made sure to
end his life, as after drinking the contents of
a bottle of strychnine^ he fired a bullet Into
his head. He was about 60 years of age- and
nothing Is known of him or why he ended his
life. .He had been occupying the room but
two week*. -„¦>:. • •'»•
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY. — Petitions
in insolvency were filed yesterday in the United
States District Court as follows: Josephine
E. Wells, music teacher, formerly a milliner,
San Francisco, liabilities $3087 44, no assets;
William B. Simpson, saloon-keeper, Dunamulr,
liabilities $700. assets $200.
WRIGHT'S HEARING POSTPONED.— The
preliminary examination of George A. Wright,
charged with embezzlement while acting as
Deputy United States Internal Revenue Col
lector, was called yesterday before United
States Commissioner Heacock. Bert Schles
inger, counsel for Wright, asked for a con
tinuance until November 28, which was
granted.
EPP1NGER CASES CONTINUED.— The
cases of Jacob and Herman Bpplnger, charged
with obtaining money by false pretenses, were
on Judge Lawlor's calendar yesterday to be
set. Ex-Governor James H. Budd appeared
for the first time for the defendants, and by
consent the cases were continued until No
vember 28 to be set.
. WATER SUIT ON , THE CALENDAR.—
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yester
day placed on the trial calendar for Decem
ber 6 the suit of the Contra Costa Water
Company vs. the City of Oakland and others
to restrain the city from enforcing the new
schedule of water rates.
CHINESK DEPORTED.— United States Mar
shal H. Z. Osborne of Los Angeles and- United
States Marshal McCord of Arizona arrived yes
terday with forty-four Chinese laborers, who
will be deported on Saturday.
MANSFELDT CLUB TO GIVE RECITAL.—
The Mansfeldt Club will give Its second piano
recital at Steinway Hall, 223 Sutter street,
on Friday evening, November 25. An elabor
ate programme has been arranged.
SAILOR FATALLY INJURED.— Luciano
Muscazzl, a sailor, 32 years old, died at the
United States Marine Hospital last Sunday
night of Injuries referred In a utreet car
accident at Folsom and Third streets.
SUES UNITED RAILROADS.— Suit was
filed In the Justice Court yesterday by Edwin
Austin against the United Railroads for the
rum of $'J15 and costs. He claims that on
Jun« 30 his son. Frank P., was severely In
jured by a car on Kearny street, between Sac
ramento and Clay.
FRAUD ORDEB ISSUED. — Postmaster Gen
eral Wynne has Issued a fraud order against
the Western States Mercantile Company and
the . Monarch Realty Company of this city.
They have been operating after the fashion
of get-qulck-rich concerns. They will be de
nied the use of the mails.
BOY'S SKULL FACTURED.— Robert 'Ellis,
agei seven years, of 1802 Powell street. Is suf
fering from a concussion of the brain with a
pohsit.'e fracture of the skull by being hit wltn
a. stom; thrown by a boy whose name hast not
been ascertained.
CONTRACTOR INJURED. — Contractor
Henry A. Whitley met with serious Injuries
yesterday afternoon in a runaway at South
San iiancVv The buggy, waui cap.i.cd,
throwing Whitley out.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
"The County Chairman" began Its
second week last night at the Colum
bia. Maxine Elliott will appear next
Monday night in Clyde Fitch's com
edy, "Her Own Way," supported by a
cast including Charles Cherry, James
Carew, R. C. Herz, Fanny Pitt, Nellie
Thorne, Georgia Lawrence a-nd Donald
Gallaher, a clever child-actor.
Columbia.
Fischer's Theater offers an attractive
bill this week. The new acts are novel
and amusing and win applause. The
Molassos, remarkable whirlwind dan
cers, who are seen for the first time
in America, are clever performers.
Bingham and Gabel, a musical novelty
team, play double cornets and play two
separate airs at the same time. The
juggling Thorns are clever in their line.
Le Mont's troupe of performing dogs
and other animals display wonderful
training and amuse the audience. The
De Nois family in a novel act and the
holdovers conclude a bill that will win
merit throughout the week-
Fischer's.
The uprising of the Wittbois is
thought to have finally convinced the
Colonial Office that Governor Leut
wein had failed to comprehend the
character of the native chiefs and
that he was unfit to longer remain at
his post, and his resignation, which
was tendered months ago, has been
accepted.
BERLIN, Nov. 14. — Colonel Leut
weln's retirement from the Governor
ship* of German Southwest Africa is
much discussed. The view finds gen
eral expression that he has been too
optimistic in his judgment of the na
tives and did not comprehend the
treacherous character of the chiefs.
Colonel Leutwein was too kind and
too trusting, believing the chiefs were
true subjects of Germany until they
were ready to resort to open rebel
lion. The colonists complained bit
terly of his mild policy toward the
natives.
Trusted the Natives Too Far and Will
Be Superseded In the Governor
ship.
LEUTWEIX A FAILURE
IX GERMAN AFRICA
Chnmberlain of the Czar Dead.
PARIS, Nov. 14.— Count Nottbeck,
a chamberlain of the Emperor of Rus
cia, died suddenly of syncope on Sun
day in a railway carriage.
On Wednesday Assistant Secretary
LoomlB will give a luncheon in honor
of the Prince at the New Willard Ho
tel. At the invitation of Count Cas
sini, the Russian Embassador, who is
dean of the diplomatic corps, Mr. . As
piroz, the Mexican Embassador, will
act as dean during the visit of the
Prince.
A procession was then formed out
side the car and Secretary Peirce led
the way with the Prince on his arm.
There was a small crowd at the sta
tion, but no particular demonstration
was made. The Prince and party were
driven to the Arlington Hotel, where
they will stay while in Washington.
The pro-gramme for the entertain
ment of the Prince will begin to-mor
row morning at 10 o'clock, when he
will be presented to the President. The
Prince will wear his uniform when call
ing at the White House and the State
Department; but will wear civilian
dress when calling on the Foreign Em
bassadors. The President will return
the call of Prince Fushimi to-morrow
at 3 p. m.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— Prince
Fushimi, the adopted brother of the
Emperor of Japan, arrived here at 5:30
o'clock this afternoon, and assumed for
the first time .since his arrival in this
country his o-fllcial title of Prince of
the royal house of Japan. He was met
at the station by Third Assistant Sec
retary of State Peirce, who, as the per
sonal representative of the President,
bade him welcome tch this country. Mr.
Hiokl, the secretary crt the Japanese
legation, in the absence of the Min
ister, the Charge d 1 Affaires, presented
to the Prince at the station Baron Ka
neko, who is visiting in this country,
Peirce and Colonel Symonds, U. S. A.,
who will act as the Prince's honorary
military aid. The Prince thanked them
for their cordial welcome and expressed
the satisfaction he felt at being in the
United States.
PARIS, Nov. 14. — Henry Walton, a
life Senator of France and known as
the "father of the French constitu
tion," is dead, aged 92 years. Senator
Walton wrote many historical works
and was the author of the article in
the constitution of 1875 relating 1 to the
election of the French President.
Xoted French Statesman Dead.
The surprise of the performance —
there Is always a surprise— was Luke
Conness as Richard Sterling. As a rule
Mr. Conness lacks light for me. He is
obvious, hard, rough in method as a
rule, but he convinced strongly in the
Sterling role last night. Mr. Craig has
the part of Warden and played it in his
usual direct and competent fashion,
with, however, a rare and becoming
note of softness an dtenderness in the
little love scene. John Maher was in
his ouptomarr useful evidence as Mis
tah Trotter. For the rest, the produc
tion is ptaped in unusually handsome
fashion and will altogether repay a
visit. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Miss Laurence fcas the role of Blanche
Sterling, and shows therein her usual
easy and accomplished art — and also
her something lacking of emotional
temper. But that isn't her fault, and
eg v. ell does Miss Lawrence simulate
feeling that, while conscious of the me
chanics, one ir- always grateful for the
result. Her Riajiche Sterling is to be
gin with a lady, quite importantly, and
again a very womanly woman. Eliza
beth Y»'oodsc>n has the Bijou Fernandez
ic!e, and very cleverly Elizabeth Wood
son does the typical Nevr York girl. It
is Miss Woodson's first real chance
here. a.rd the fashion in which she has
ts.ken advantage of it augurs happily
fur her future. Miss Marie Baker as the
lashior.ab'.e mamma fills in usefully, to-
ECtber with Miss Belgarde — always dis
tinguished — as Miss Hunter, and Miss
Ruth Allen, perhaps a leetle over— may
< ne say "tough" in connection with a
New York society girl? — as Clara Hun
ter.
"Stubbornnesses of Geraldine." And
all the familiar Fitch virtues, the
piquancy of the theme, situations, the
cdroit handling of the clean, smart,
portraiture, are here in liveliest evi
dence. It is Fitch at his best and »the
Alrazar at its most. ."%i
And we!! wears the play. The shud
der of the funeral scene, with its
wretched family squabbles, the "dark"
Bcene — darr.ned by all readers of the
p!ay before Amelia Bingham dared it —
the* clever, oh, so clever: Christmas
scene, all tell Just as freshly as ever.
The play is full of meat— it ivas written
bt-fore Fitch became economical. There
is substance in it for at least three
Any one desiring to renen- acquaint
ance with Clyde Fitch at his cleverest
—in "The Climbers"— need have no
doubt about doing it by way of <he
Alcazar this week. It is an extraord
inarily good performance. There is
not, of course, a Wilton Lackaye in
that weirdly powerful picture of his
of the moral incompetent Richard Ster
ling, nor yet a Bijou Fernandez New
York girl in the ca?t But a well-cut
coat fits more men than an ill-cut one,
and Fitch '« tailoring here fits more
snugly than anything else the Alcazar
r2nks have lately worn.
Miss Block has not suffered from her
vacation from the local stage. Her act
ing was done under all of the intelligent
control and sympathetic interpretation
that has always characetrized it. J. H.
Gilmour fits the part of the purged
bachelor wholly. Howard Gould's Harry
Harmony, though needing a little ton
ing.down. is acceptable. As the French
dancer Miss Eleanor Gordon plays sec
ond only to the lead in the piece.
"Hearts Aflame." Miss Block, well
groomed, statuesque as in the heydey
of the Alcazar stock days, was there
to sweep her train through a problem
play in the old style, and the audience
gave her right royal welcome.
The piece, which is a new one for San
Francisco, is of the latest variety of
New York productions, wherein the
"problem" is one self-evident and in
sistently unpleasant, and the atmos
phere not that advocated by the Rev.
Charles Wagner's "Simple Life." A
gay bachelor supper, a midnight meet
ing of unpleasant possibilities and all
the round of divorce", scandal and the
like are features in the groundwork of
the play — a play well enough done for
those that like this genre.
Count Cassini Asks Mexican
Embassador to Act as Dean
During Foreigner's Visit
Good Card at Popular Playhouse
in Piece Full of Meat
TO CALL ON EOOSEVELT
FUgITs Play Is Finelu Acted
Assumes His Official Eole
and Is Given a Formal
Welcome to the Capital
Cardinal Moceni this morning was
apparently better. He insisted on get
ting up and even refused to be assisted
in dressing. He seated himself in his
customary armchair, but shortly after
ward became worse. Dr. Lapponl was
hurriedly called, but only arrived in
time to announce the Cardinal's death.
The funeral will take place on Thurs
/lav
aay.
ROME, Nov. 14.— Cardinal Moceni,
who was administrator of .the apostolic
palace under Pope Leo XIII, died in the
Vatican of heart disease while the con
sistory was in progress to-day.
"THE CLIMBERS" SHOWS
DRAMATIST AT HIS BEST
PRINCE FUSHIMI
IN WASHINGTON
CARDINAL DIES
IN THE PALACE
OF THE POPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 15. 1904.
Fall bata. 1904. juat arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. ODD.Pala.ce,* !
PROTEST AGAINST USING NAME.— At
the regular meeting of the Scandinavian So
ciety a resolution was adopted protesting
against nen-Scandlnavlnns using the name
Scandinavian In business. .Klaus Olsen, C.
Oman and Charles Plamberk constitute the
commute* on resolutions.
All ailments arising from a disordered
stomach, torpid liver and constipated
bowels are quickly cured by using Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Never mind, my boy."
said the Pot, "wait until
Kettle supplies me -with
fresh boiling water and
I'll do my part. I'm old
fashioned but you can't
improve, on me. Let
Cook keep me clean,
£ive me one tablespoon*
ful of Golden Gate for
each cup* one for.,
myself and boil five
minutes— satisfaction !!"
Nothind- iocs with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bnt isaitlsf action. No
rjs|2CS "**BO COQPOflS" s BO COCitrj't
1 and 2 Ib. aroma-tidht tins.
Never sold la bulk.
J. A. Folger ®L Co.
Cstabllihed half a Caniury
San" Francisco _*.;•
\: UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS *
OF THE
London Guarantee ani Acciient Company
. (LIMITED.)
OF LONDON. IN ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1903. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$1,146,542 73
Cash In Company's Of flee 1.73O 92
Cash In Banks 123.700 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13,134 81
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 4 .. 193,743 84
Total assets $1,473.902 35
LIABILITIES. ?
Los-yes In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $16,963 36
Losses resisted. Including expenses 12.S75 00
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $893,199 M; re- ".
insurance 50 per cent 448,699 77
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year. $18,018 14;
reinsurance pro rata 14.931 72
Special reserve for unpaid losses.. 355,050 00
Commissions and brokerage due
and to become due 52.90171
Contingent Reserve (Liability De-
partment) 100,000 00
All other Liabilities 27.784 64
Total liabilltws $1,028,006 10
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
premiums $1,194,801 94
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 3S.870 25
Total Income $1.233,862 19
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses $ 473.421 44
Remitted to Home Office 46.507 18
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 822.406 55
Psid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 63.939 12
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 17.343 75
All other payments and expendi-
tures ...* 201.144 07
Total expenditures. .jl.116.767 11
A W. MASTERS. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23th
day of January, 1904. ¦
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public
ACCIDENT AND LIABILITY LINES.
EDW. C. LANDIS.
General Agent.
416-418 California st.. San • Francisco. Cal.
.^l^Every Woman
/Smv& L\WJ\vi\ !• Interested and should know
•& V) C8«13n -*»«!» *l>out the wonderful
lv8W»JfvfeMn MARVEL Whirling Spray
\\V»^^^*wlMThe «*w T«fh"i Syrbi.. Irate-
vV^\>Cfi*ffi5V t^on axd Suction. Best-9»f-
ii r |j rail. lit limit ConTenieat.
4>k ra«r Jrvrgiti t*r It. At^ ffS J^-"^^"'»
If he cannot anpply the V . IMgf ~X'S//j ->?^
J1A11UI,, accept no NS^f **®R>->_^
otber, but »end stamp for 'Sfc^ g ¦•''/////\/
lllnstnkti'd book— •ralnl. Inrire* \L § '''.f'^T
f nil pnrticnlar* and direction* In- ££* 8 '3
Talunble to ladies. MAUVKl>CO^Ti!>/ '•¦¦¦¦¦¦ , M
41 Park llow, .\en York. ;^*nM!jJ(SJr
132 New Montgomery. San Francisco. Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 EUU
sjg&^^tom .MENANDWQMEft.
C§€ Big O for unnatural
/JSMTi, i to s dan.\£i dUchargBS.inflanimations.
ffOKS Ooarut»«4 W irtitatiODl or ulceratloni
ii»J? n*i to atrlatar*. of tnuooai membrane*.
Cf» rrotata CratacU*. Piinlsw, and not a«trta<
RT£lTKEEmsCK£M1Cil.Ca. a«nt or poiionoui.
%kSA. Ud. a. "litisa or fent in P'» ln wrapper,
JwK^V jffigva by expreii, prepaid, for
VBu£|M^crH 1 1 .00. or 3 battles S2.7&.
¦s ¦* Circular ttct oa c*satrt-
. yffiS.DEWEY.STOHG&CO.^gN.
(1 ?PATENTSl J)
%2£^-«n MARKRT .ST. S F. \&2Sr
STATEMEINT
icoxDrnox axd affairs ]
OP THE
North British and
Mercantile
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON. ENGLA>TD. ON THE MSU
day of December. A. U.. 1803. and for tl>«
year endtne on that day. aa made to tha In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed a«
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
| Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up in Cash J3. 437.500 00
ASSETS. ~ ~ -~*
Real Estate owned by Company.. $3,1. - W,327 0*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages- 193.0GS 40
Cash Market Value of all Stocks)
and Bonds owned by Company.. H.782,303 10
Cash In Company's Office 24,632 64
Cash In Banks 713,083 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 73.173 4Q
Premiums In due coursn of Col-
lection 857.683 74
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 27.813 43
Due from other Companies for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid 380.77518
Agents' Balances 1.W2.433 63
Due from ether Companies for • ,
Reinsurance on losses already-
paid. Life Department ........ % I 22468 49
Total Assets
LIABILITIES. —===3
Losees adjusted and unpaid....,")
Losse* In process of adjust-]
ment or In suspense } $1,163,800 43
Losses resisted. Including ex- I
penses .J - *» * 1
Gross premiums on Firs R!.«!cs
running; one year or It**.
$7,253,531 33; reinsurance 50 per
cent — .. 3.62S.913 «J
Amount reclalmable by th« In-
sured on perpetual policies*... 13.343 44
Superannuation i fund „ 482.703 2S
Due to other comoanlea for re-
insurance _... 760.90145
All other Liabilities «... 144.723 10
Total Liabilities J8. 192.903 q
nJCOME. — — — —
Net cash actually received for
Fir- Premiums 13.201.03233
Received for Interest and DM-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loan*.
and from all other sources ..... B73.B99 TS
Received for Transfer fees ...... 629 63
' Total Income J3. 777.237 78
EXPENDITURES.
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses
(including loeses of previous
years) *4.7S«.2H 53
Dividends to Stockholders 082.223 04
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokeras* l,B90,2ST18
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers.' clerks, etc. 1.479.773 34
Paid for State. National and
Local Tares 17.71168
AH other payments and expend-
itures 12.463S9
Total Expenditures .„_ $3,833,693 49
Fire
Losses Incurred duiins; tit* year.. $4,686,343 23
Risks and Premiums) Fire Risks. | Premium*.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $3,476,162,530 W.101.9C3 53
Net amount of risks
expired during; the
year 3.335.420.813 9.237.483 18
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903 3.071.311.845 . 7.253.331 33
W. T. PRICE. Mar.asrer. W$NB
ROBERT CARMICHAEL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 12th
day or Adi 11. 1904.
JOHN C. NETWTON. Notary Publla.
— —^~ t
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
TOM C. 6R*NT, Gensra! /gent,
5212 PINE STREET,
SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEKLY r.fir.T. t $1.00 FEB YEAS.
ADVERTISEMEXTS. /_. '
a^jBSHHBgg : figgg^JBaBg- JSP&SPISfoa
j§ The Big New Store J. J. CILDEA CO. With the Little Prices j§
fcfcj . _____ = _ ===== — — jAj
; knacks" as a pair of sox or suspenders, thrown
out below cost as a "catch-penny bait" to lure the unwary into their trade-deserted shops,
; cannot stop the flood tide of intelligent buyers that surge to "the big store" for the great
and honest .values obtainable within every department of our heavily and richly stocked
Emporium.
! SY 1 RIGHT HERE are Values in Men's Fashionable Winter Suits and Overcoats that'll fill our beau-
SgC* tiful new block of stores with a great multitude of thrifty buyers and cause all the "canologists' 2w
| down in the high-rent district to hide their heads in shame. y
f&t Men's Stylish Winter Suits— J^X^f Men's Durable Overcoats— Y(
5AJ Cut, made and trimmed in a •GtS^W Made of Melton, Covert and !A
j | .most serviceable manner from dur- ¦ \i^ J) Kersey Cloths in medium and short |
i Jrry* able, fast colored fabrlc3. Equal to V *•* j*( lengths. Each and every one this
<£_ garments made up 4Sk a ffa ' [% f% -jjl^CT^- season's creation — good value at 'rf«
QA Men's Splendid Business «>. our price \p Q
t\l Suits— In all bright, new, up- 'MW^WS^^ Men s Styhsh Overcoats— In Pf
j&S? to-date weaves and colorings, in dou- &£, a Iar ? e Variety of Weaves. All 5A>
Jt» ble and sinprlfi breasted models, have fr^V^V^t^Sro@^iw -"P'endid Jittins. bright, smart, new J s
! shape retaining fronts, hand-nlled models; well trimmed and nicely, mad©
collars and broad shoulders. Kearny- 'J^^t^5^§^=%2r from materials that are honest
street stores would /tkl A f f\ /MBJS£iM&W2%Bm5r through and through. $13.50 is their
not think of selling I!" I ¦¦ K I price down In the Ai* « rt
i ** BfpSpSr^ store only «T| I / I U U
i Men's High- Class Suits— S^SSa
Constructed by first - class FSffiS^ Men's Fine Overcoats — Made
Union Workmen from imported anil . l4§^^W(^SR U P m a mos t Stylish manner
fine domestic fabrics. In all the lat- pMt^^iSr^^^S from Mixed. Tan and Olive Covert
est 1304 winter models, such splen- \ 2?|£p« fi^iuff Cloths, fine Kerf»rys. Meltons. Irish
did garments merchant tailors will F*rm^/ t^tn^ijl Frieze and black unfinished Worsteds.
charge you $35.00 and the high priced •[^f^7 short, medium or extra lengths, with
octopus demand jdfc A ra A A t^H;W FM^il or without b^lts; a pa fS f\
! $20 to $22 for with- U" I ft& 1131 BE&tf%f bargains elsewhere 11° I t Sill
: out a blush; our B "H _ 1 1 1 1 • for f - 0: our ric " Tk I "i 111!
! price only |D § W /"^^t^P^S^S OrU> ' ijj f U '
m Shoe Special Hat Special *
; K«5 The celebrated "Men- I R tf^Biff^lTII lf&fi& ,r » : - ¦¦''¦- , ¦V-. : '- {&
ijYJ zone" Shoes-bearing | | Bi 8 I 1 B L II | B I1 ¥?? * /c 8 "! 3^ S3 °° CK
' S^l the union label and _| _i ilBiiilrla 1 H § 1 S ,? ft , and SntI 1Iat3 ' m *5>
yjj equal any $3-50 agency U| |J Q UBBLUBbII UUfl w-,i * model3 - \L
: j^ shoe on A rt - ft Will go . n SY
PA £S$2.50 1028-1030 MARKET STREET S9.95 &
» week • • I RptwgQiv Powell and Mason Streets I J j»
«gg€gg€Z=BBBa5« &BBBB5&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
St. Louis
Exposition.
I I Grand Prize*
Highest
: Possible
| j Award
I bas been granted
I to [
Hunyadi Janos
Natural Laxative
Water.
I WHY?
! Because it is
the best! ,
I HTXBRJDGE^TcO?r
% MERCHANT TAILORS,
J> REMOVED TO
8 112 Sufctrfjr Street,.
« SAN FRANCISCO.
« NovdUes ia Itnaarked Wear.
CARTERSl CCRE SICK . flEAUAClIE -
SSittle Genuine Must Bear
g INZER Fac-Simita SignatureTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
Lord! I guess you know what they
are. I'm wondering which one of
those cu — er — fellows worked hard
enough to please you."
She disregarded the implied ques
tion. "Are not the Americans a won
derful peopled They do so many mar
velous things!"
He looked at her stupidly and said
nothing.
"Their industry maRes me quite
ashamed of our poor Mexicans."
"Yes, yes, that's all true. I'm proud
of my people and all of that, but, Ma
ria, I'm naturally anxious to know
whom — "
"But, Senor Bud, they're such an
awfully stupid people!" and her pret-"
ty eyes filled with the tears of vex
ation.
In an instant comprehension broke
over him. "Maria, dearest girl, you
mean—".- " 'j . ». . .
. "I mean that I love you and that I
shall surely die if you go away and
leave me."
Mr. Maxwell, present superintend
ent of construction of the X and
Y road, occasionally amuses his
friends by telling how half a hun
dred ferocious challenges were an
swered by as many wedding invita
tions.
(Copyright, 1904, by T. 'C. McClure.)
Miniature, Dinner Train.
An English firm has built a small
train, specially for a millionaire, to
carry about decanters and cigars after
dinner. The litle engine, over which
two dolls in blu,e overalls preside, Is
constructed of silver-plated copper in
miniature reproduction of a locomotive.
The tender is stacked with coals from
the millionaire's own coal mine. When
the millionaire touches a button the
train starts. It runs quite slowly
round the . track, and when a , guest
picks up a decanter the current ' is
broken and the train stops till he re
places it. The total length of the
train, which is driven by electricity.
Is over five feet and the track Is con
structed for a 20-foot table*.
_ — — 1
Five .Thousand Distinct Languages.
J. Collier is authority for the state
ment that there are no less than 6000
distinct languages spoken by. man
kind. The number of separate dia
lects is enormous. There are more
than sixty distinct vocabularies In
Brazil and in Mexico the Nahua lan
guage has been broken up Into 700
dialects. There are hundreds In
Borneo. The complexities are beyond
classification In Australia - and gen
erally the number of dialects decreases
with the intellectual culture of the
population. If there Is an average of
fifty dialects to everylangauge we still
have the enormous total of 260,000.
"Is the Senor Bud So Lost in
. Reverie?"
THE TALE OF A STOLEN TIP, OR A KICK THAT
DID NOT WORK.
before she sailed?" was submitted to
the office of the company owning. that
steamer and the. reply was: "We do
not know; we never have used such
a nag."
NO SUCH FLAG — A Reader, City.
Tour question, "Can you tell me what
the letter *P* signifies when hoisted at
the foremast of a steamer, as 1 have
sean en the steamship Alameda just
And what does It all amount to.
With our wealth and our transient name.
But gauze and glitter and seeming
In the search for fantastic fame.
ND what does it all amount to
f I When the battle of life has fled— •
1 * Only ashes of hope remaining
O'er the graves of our buried dead.
And yet, it amounts to something
If you're happy in age and youth.
Stand by the right in every fight—
And believe in eternal truth!
' . — Plttsburg Press.
And what will It all amount to
A thousand years from to-day.
With millions who laugh or battle
And like us shall all pass away?
WHAT?
The voting everywhere should con
vince the politicians of all parties
that the American people have not
that desire for peace which ever has
or ever will prompt them to rebuke
an American soldier, or to fear the
danger of war Involved in courageous
pride of country and confidence in
strength of government; that the
American farmer, and wage earner,
and business man, cannot be easily led
to favor a change in conditions of
material welfare which at the .worst
are the best known In the civilized
world to-day, and, generally speak
ing, better than have been known: In
this country heretofore. — Butts
Inter-Mountain.
Roosevelt carried Oyster Bay, as well
as Esopus.- This Is burning the candle
fit both ends. Parker does not seem to
have been very popular anywhere, at
home or abroad in the country. — To
peka Slate Journal.
The South. «till faithful to her ideals,
is left almost alone as the defender of
Democratic policy. It Is a sore defeat,
but we shall <£o ourselves credit If we
accept It philosophically, demonstrat
ing: that we have our stake in the
country, no matter what be the general
policy, and that we revere our com
rcog heritage and shall never cease In
our honest efforts to x>resenr»4U—Mo
bile Register.
S~\ ENERAL GREELY, chief signal officer of the army, has
( j succeeded in connecting remote Alaska with the world by
v p- > telegraph. The work has been under way so quietly that the
country first hears of It in the announcement of its completion. The
system includes 3518 miles of cable and land lines and 107 miles of
wireless. This brings Bering Straits and the valley of the Yukon
and Cape Nome into instant communication with the world.
The completion of the line is one of the great constructive
works of the world. A few years ago it would have attracted as
much attention as the building of our first transcontinental railways,
but we are so accustomed now to great works that they have become
common. The magnitude of this will dawn upon us when telegram j
come direct from the Arctic Ocean. Men of middle age will prob
ably live to see this telegraph wire to Bering Straits followed by a
railroad that will carry passengers to a ferry running .to the shore of
Siberia. Rmh
THE ALASKAN TELEGRAPH.
it means to apply the law of eminent domain to land, and to extend
the law of eminent domain, till it embraces the mines, the factories,
the railroads and the ocean carriers. In short, the Socialist party
intends to destroy the present day society, Which it contends is run in
the interest of the merchant or capitalist class, and from the mate
rials to construct a new society which will be run in the interest of
the working class." Mr. London concludes His statement with this
impassioned outburst: "My masters, you are in the minority. How
will you manage to keep the majority of the votes? What will you,
my masters? What will you?"
It will be seen that he proposes to move against the owners of
landed property. This is because they are the least capable of organ
ization. When nearly 1,000,000 people in the United States vote for
that programme, as was the /case at this last election, the extreme
seriousness of the situation will appear. Socialism is sure to take
the place of all of the political fads that have been rife for the last
thirty years. It will be the Aaron's rod of the situation. It will aim
to increase the number of non-property owners. Mr. London says
it embraces many nations, andjts invitation is to their propertyless
people to come hither, be naturalized and by their, votes hasten the
confiscation and division of the wealth of the United States. True,
he says this confiscation will be with or without compensation. But
compensation would be illogical, since it would be transferring the
form of property, which is not Socialistic. We may be sure that
when the Socialists get the power to confiscate there will be no talk
about compensation.
Mr. Hearst is already familiarizing his followers with this pro
gramme and gives large space and display in the Examiner to a
definition of Socialism by Mr. Jack London, whom he describes as
"one of the world's authorities on Socialism." Mr. London leads up
to his definition by stating that the banner of Socialism "is blood
red" and that it "aims to pull down society to its foundation and
upon a new foundation to build up a new society." By way of
preparation for its attack on property he says that "it literally
swamps the working classes in a vast sea of tracts and pamphlets
* * * which teach the gospel of the common' man against the
uncommon man, who has expressed his uncommonness by gather
ing to himself the wealth of the world." He characterizes this as
the "preaching of an uncompromising and deadly class struggle."
After a full description of the propaganda he declares its purpose,
and to this the attention of the people will be more and more di
rected.
He says : "This working class Socialist revolt is a revolt against
the capitalist class. The Socialist party aims to capture the political
machinery of society. With the political machinery in its hands,
which will also give it control of the police, the army, the navy and
the courts, its plan is to confiscate, with or without compensation, all
the possessions of the capitalist class which are used in the produc
tion and distribution of the luxuries and necessaries of life. By this
That coalition is now moving visibly and rapidly. All of the
forces, calling themselves Democratic, through which another reor
ganization of that party is urged, are Socialistic in feeling and pur
pose. Hearst, Bryan and Watson are essentially Socialistic in all
their views of government. Whoso preaches -discontent; whoso toils
to artificially create a working class that seeksjts own aggrandize
ment at the expense of all others; whoso condemns all owners of
property as capitalists, and puts them in a class charged with the
oppression of others, is preaching and practicing Socialism.
It is more evident now than any other thing political in the
future that this issue will be upon the country in full force in 1908.
The large increase in the Socialist vote this year is attracting the ex
pediency politicians. In 1896 Henry George said the conflict was be
tween the House of Want and the House of Have. He would prob
ably have denied that this was the essence of Socialism, but it is.
Until recent years Socialism has been in this country the subject of
academic discussion only. It was not organized into a party. Now
its leaders are awake to the enormous advantage of the universal fran
chise and the free ballot. In the last analysis it is always true that
only that is property which society says shall be property. Formerly
society said that men might own other men, and the system of chat
tel slavery originated and was long maintained. Finally society was
impressed by the moral side of the issue, and in all nations with
drew its assent to the existence of property in man, and chattel sla
very ceased to be. There is no gainsaying that if society can be
brought to accept the text of Socialism, that property is robbery,
there will be no property of any kind. That is the purpose of
Socialism.
In Europe property is too strongly entrenched and suffrage is
too limited to furnish an untrammeled opportunity for the elimina
tion of property. Here there is no such limitation, and as soon as
the House of Want can outvote the House of Have the latter will
tumble down and the ruins will be divided. Every law, Federal and
local, that gives title and ownership to real and personal property
can be wiped off the statute books, and property will cease, to be
by the simple process of withdrawing the assent of society to its
existence.
The first assault is made upon the most unpopular form of
property, the corporate. This is proper tactics from the Socialist
standpoint, for it brings allies who are not Socialists, hut whose votes
support the leveling process. When property is putlawed because it
is owned by the many stockholders of a corporation, each is de
prived of his share, and there is no difference between that and
taking from him the property he owns in severalty.
a FTER the election of 1900 a prominent Socialist explained the
A leading of Mr. Bryan's issues toward Socialism. Mr. Josiah
-**• Quincey, ex-Mayor of Boston, was joined by Mr. George Fred
Williams in the declaration that it was apparent that the country
is soon to have only two parties, the Conservative and the Socialist,
and they both advised that the Democratic party coalesce with the
Socialists.
AH Monday forenoon he sat gloom
ily In his tent and wondered how he
should word his resignation. . ; It was
all up. Another flunk. A job lost and
a girl with It. But shortly after noon
there came a diversion. A group of
very much excited men arrived from
Rigas and demanded that he put them
to work immediately. He compiled at
once and did not insult kind fortune
by asking the reason for this sudden
enthusiasm for work. But in the even-
Ing he received an answer to the un
asked question and. It plunged him
Into the depths of despair once more.
Maria had announced that at last she
was ready to make a cljolce from
among her many suitors. When the
road was completed she would marry
the , one who had worked the most
faithfully.
Day after day the work- continued
with unabated ardor and at last it was*
finished. The first train had run over
it and had brought : to Bud ; a letter
from, the superintendent; of construc
tion . In which many complimentary
Late Sunday evening Bud's plan
took shape. The old engine was coupled
to a flat car and backed down to Rigas.
Bud disappeared in the rear of the
hotel and soon reappeared bearing a
very lirnp and passive citizen of that
metropolis in his arms. He deposited
his burden on the car and then re
peated the trip. In a short time his
v orking force was complete and To
masso received orders to steam l&ck
to the camp. A very satisfactory
amount of work' was done that week
and during each of a number of suc
ceeding weeks, thanks to a continued
desecration of Sunday evening siestas.
There remained only a few miles of
road to complete and Bud was feeling
much encouraged. The successful com
pletion of the work meant promotion
for him, a good salary, and besides,
when he had a good position, and—
well. Tomasso's daughter, Maria, was,
to say the least, a mighty pretty girl.
She had been away to school some
where in California, and admitted to
him that It" seemed very nice to hear
real "English" again. She did so like
to talk English. Bud rather enjoyed
it, too, and .as a result they talked
English to such effect that, on several
occasions he was perilously near to
overcoming a colossal bashfulness and
saying what she?, being a twentieth
century Eve, knew that he wanted to
say.
But now Bud was utterly and ab
jectly disheartened. Cerves, the local
dispenser of liquid refreshments, at
last had discovered why his week-day
Bales had become so ridiculously
small. And so one Sunday evening
Bud was unable to recruit his gang of
laborers In the usual manner. Instead
of sleeping off the effects of their po
tations in the rear of the hotel, ac
cording to the established custom of
the place, they were all securely dis
posed In Cerves' cellar under lock and
key, where the Americano could not
get them. Bud threatened, he de
manded, he even off ered . bribes of
money, but it was in vain. Cerves was
not 'quick to get an idea, but when
once he had one lodged firmly In his
head nothing could displace It. It
must be left to die of old age. So Bud
went to see Maria and poured out the
whole of his woes into her sympa
thetic ears.
Tomasso was politely curious.
"If I get those fellows out here
they will stay another' week, won't
they? I heard something about It's
being bad luck to stop in the middle
of the week." - ¦ . . . . (
Tomasso thought they would stay.
In fact he was sure that they would.
UD was discouraged- Every line
Bof his six feet of .robust man
hood spoke more* eloquently
than words his utter weariness
of soul.
Three months before, when
the boss had called him into his office
and after a few complimentary re
marks had .placed him in charge of a
construction gang known as the "bad
job" of the road, he had hailed the op
portunity with Joy. The road wished
to construct a short spur into Mexico
to afford an outlet for ; some silver
mines. When the concession had been
secured from the Mexican Government
on* of the conditions had been that the
labor should be done by the natives of
the region through which the line was
to be constructed.
This had seemed a simple matter,
but two years had now passed and the
work was far from finished. One man
after another had been sent to take
charge of the work, and with the great
est regularity, they had'asked . for a
change of work at the end of the first
month. In case this request was not
granted they had promptly resigned,
to seek service with another com
pany.
"Mr. Maxwell," his chief had said,
"I want you to take charge of that
work and get it out somehow and
some time. I should advise you, by
way of equipment for the undertak
ing, to take along the biggest six
shooter that you can get."
When Bud had reached the con
struction camp he had found it de
serted. He went back to the little
town of Rigas and recruited a gang of
gome twenty men. Everything moved
along peacefully until Saturday night.
Then they all bade him a respectful
"adios" and Btarted back " toward
Rigas. Expostulation was in vain.
Why should they work longer? Had
they not earned the remarkable wages
of one and a half dollars for each of
Fix days? And was that not enough to
support themselves and their families
in plenty for weeks to come? No! No!
They would not work any more. So
they all left except Tomasso, the com
bined engineer and fireman, who had
once served on a yard engine in St.
Louis and had acquired a more
abiding taste for work.
Bud seated himself on a deserted
bunk and thought the situation over.
He sat so long that Tomasso, mildly
solicitous, ventured to suggest to him
that it was very multissima late-.
"Tomasso, what are those greasers
doing over at Rigas?"
"La vina, senor."
"Talk American, Tomasso."
"In American — the booze."
"Thought so! Tomasso, I've got an
idea."
things were said. Little cared Bud
for high-flown phrases. It wassail
over and to-morrow some greaser
would be made happy by the pret
tiest girl in Mexico. From force of
habit, however, he wandered toward
Tomasso's little garden.
"Is the Senor Bud so lost In rev
erie — " if'',''
"Qh, I beg your pardon, Maria.
Yes, I was pretty busy thinking."
"And will the Senor Bu)i barter his
thoughts for a penny?"
"Barter them for a penny! Good
In the Italian capital among army
people, who have feted her royally.
She is a striking girl, with beautiful
coloring, paving great brown eyes and
Titian tiair, accompanied by a fault
less complexion.
Mrs. and Misa Robinson are expect
ing a gay season. -
The wedding of Miss Isabel Kendall,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs, Frank I.
Kendall, and Kenneth Lowden takes
place to-morrow evening at 8:80
o'clock at the home of the bride in
Oakland.
This will be an important event In
society on both sides of the bay. ow
ing to the prominence of the families.
Miss Kendall is a granddaughter of
the late N. K. Masten. Further inter
est is centered In the Kendall family
for the wedding of their eldest son,
Frank, occurs simultaneously with
that of his sister in Cape Town. South
Affdca.
For two years Mr. Kendall has been
employed on the Government railway
In South Africa and in September last
h« announced his engagement to Miss
Annie Carmlchael, who resides with
her mother, Mrs. Katherine Car
michael, in Cape Town.
Mr. and Mrs. Chester Carter Nichols
will receive in their home, 3204 Wash
ington street, on the third and fourth
Fridays of this month.
Mrs. John Sroufe Merrill and Mrs.
Clark were the guests of Harry Hol
broojc at luncheon at the Palace on
Sunday.
Charles Webb Howard is contemplat
ing a trip to Southern California.
Mr. and Mrs. Truxtun Beale are In
San Rafael and have with them, as
guest Miss Marie Wells.
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Hewlltt ha.v«
apartments at St. Dunstan's for the,
winter. Mrs. Hewlitt was Miss lone
Fore of Oakland.
¦:.•>"¦- • • •
Miss Morgan of Chicago was •nt«r
tained at tea yesterday by Miss Lucy
Gwin Coleman.
Captain Parker W. West, who has
been sightseeing through the East, will
return home soon, stopping at St. Louis
to conclude his visit.
Miss Helen Robeson of San Rafael
Is visiting her sister, Mrs. Stanton, on
Pierce street, and will spend the winter
In San Francisco.
It is announced that Miss Mabel L.
Gunn and Dr. Thayer will be married
at San Juan on January 1. Miss Gunn
will leave for New York on Thanks
giving day and will sail for San Juan,
the doctor's home, on December 17.
The marriage of Miss Marion San
derson to Dr. Edward Wall will occur
to-4ay in Minneapplls. The bride, who
Is a daughter of Mrs. S. W. Sanderson,
is a sister of Mrs. Roy Durrand Her
rick, in whose home the wedding will
take place.
Mrs. Sanderson, with her daughters,
Miss Marion and Miss Edith, has been
living In Paris, but has rented her
apartments to Prince and Princess
Ponlatowskl for a time and will remain
on this continent until Dr. and Mrs.
Wall are located. They are undecided
as to New Tork or London for their
home. •
• * •
Captain and Mrs. Bash are In town
at the Hotel Plymouth. Their atay
here will be short, for they sail for the
Philippines very soon.
Before the departure of Captain and
Mrs. Bash the Sequoia Club will en
tertain them at dinner, and there are
other functions also for them, on the
tapis.
* * -f. *
Mrs. Leonard Chenery and Miss
Ethel Patton will entertain Miss Caro
line ouinan at luncheon at the Uni
versity Club to-rn.orrow.
Among the guests will be Mrs. Henry
Foster Dutton. Mrs. John Roger Clark,
Miss Marjorie Josselyn, Miss Ruth
Josselyn, Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss'
Maud Bourn, Miss Helen Wagner.
Miss Quinan, who has been widely
entertained in San Francisco, will leaVe
in December for a prolonged trip
through South Africa.
Miss Evelyn Craig and William I*.
Pattiani will be married this evening
at the home of the . bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Craig, in Piedmont.
The ceremony, which will be per
formed in the presence of immediate
relatives only, will be followed by a
large reception.
• * •
Miss Josephine Tillman Is with her
brother, Dr. Tilden Tillman, in Vienna.
They will remain there throughout the
winter. Dr. Tillman taking a hospital
course, while Miss Tillman will en
joy the gayeties of Viennese life.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Frederick Kel
lond are settled in their new home at
Vancouver Barracks, where Mrs. Kel-
Icud, Instead of being a stranger, la
surrounded by friends. As Miss Kath
erine Selfridge, her wedding with
Lieutenant Kellond on the 3d of this
month was- a society event.
Mrs. Andrew S. Rowan, Mrs. Mal
colm Graham and Mrs. Gilbert Allen
are all living also in the barracks and
have cordially welcomed the latest ar
rival from San Francisco.
Mrs. Luke Robinson, with her
charming daughter, Miss Bernadette
Robinson, is leaving Paris this week
for Rome.
Miss Bernadette is a great favorite
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
Shotting a chic little frock of light green taffeta stilt,
trimmed ivith shirring and wheeled designs in narrozv green
velvet ribbon. The bodice fastens invisibly behind. White lace
falls about the ivrist.
By Dorothy penimore.
AA T observation has led me to be
/ \, lieve that men understand
/ I Hvomen far better than women
understand men. They take
more pains to do so. If they did not
they could never manage to live with
us as happily as they actually do.
Most feminine traits are proverWal.
Even the unexpectedness of woman
kind has become, through constant use.
a positive quality. Everybody knows
that a woman's will is usually a won't.
Nobody retains any illusions about the
consistency of feminine conduct.
Yet one of the sex's favorite regrets
is that it is not understood. A woman
likes to feel that her nature is as com
plex as a Chinese puzzle, which is com
prehensible to no one but its maker.
Meanwhile she prides -herself upon
her knowledge of man. Does she un
derstand her sweetheart? I should say
she did! Can't she twist him round her
finger? Does she understand her hus
band? The 'question is absurd.
Doesen't she manage to get her own
way in everything?
Here she rests satisfied, in spite of
the fact that she has only opened up
the possibility of the situation.
I believe that most men go through
life pretty lonely after the first flush
of gratified love has faded for them. A
man tries to do his duty by his home,
and he gets a good deal of pleasure out
of it as a reward. . '-.'_>. .
But in moods of disappointment, or
of ennui, he goes to the club, there to
solace himself with cards and cigars.
Figuratively, and literally, Is Isben's
query on the outcome of marriage per
tinent:
What Is left of Love's young dream T
The sjmoke. Sic transit gloria amorls.
What does the average woman know
of her husband's burdens? Not much,
In fact. The world of business is quite
outside her comprehension. Her dally
round is all-engrossing. When her hus
band comes home at night her own
perplexities are too many and various
for her to be In a receptive mood for
his anxieties. .
Her private stock of "sweetness and
light" gave out early in the day, when
Tommy spilled the glue over the new
piano. She has settled down to a habit
ual consciousness that every week day
means hard work and Belf-denial, and
every Sunday means relatives and Indi
gestion.
Dp you recall that gusty— or dis
gusty — sigh -of Burns over the contrast
between married life and the seductive
promises of courtship: "Love is a saft,
sweet, balmy, triumphant and glorious
lie, in place of which nature offers us
in mockery during the rest of our lives
the puir, paltry, pitiful, faded, fushion
less, cauldrified and chittering substi
tute, truth."
Not truth, say I, is such a marriage
as the one Implied. It is halfvtruth, or
even less than that. There Is far more
truth in what the Ettrlck shepherd
calls "a He."
But there are certain grounds of com
mon interest on which a married couple
do not agree without a mutual effort
to understand each other.
A man's spiritual outlook, for one
thing, is difficult for a woman to grasp.
The force behind her work is faith; her
face is ever turned toward the light, of
the life to come. The force behind his
work is courage, the power- to act
worthily in the difficult present.
Facing- the worst, he hopes the beat;
Singring he works, while women bid him
pray—
The wrong hii busy arms arrest
Her faith commits Into a higher way.
A man, on the other side, does not al
ways realize how important a part sen
timent and its trivial expressions play
in the life of the woman he has mar
ried. Ordinarily he Is too busy. For
love's sake, as the poet says, he divides
delight with duty.
But meanwhile let her not mistake —
he cherishes within his breast a thought
of her which helps to keep him true.
Uncrackable Glass.
Glass that can be heated white hot
and then plunged Into cold water with
out breaking seems an impossibility,
but it has been recently made an ac
complished fact. It is made from Bra
zilian quartz pebbles heated red hot
and then thrown Into distilled water.
Then the purest pieces are selected
and welded with • the . oxyhydrogen
blowpipe into long stems like straws,
from which glass vessels of any shape
can be made. Thus far this quartz
glass has been ' employed chiefly for
making laboratory apparatus. A test
tube made In this way will not break
when a white-hot coal la dropped
Into it. ; /V
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
BY RUTH SAUTELLE.
THE SOCIALIST CAMPAIGN.
BUD MAXWELL'S
DOUBLE VICTORY
DO WOMEN
UNDERSTAND
MEN?
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOIIX D. 6PKECKELS « y. Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL C0MMUJaCATI0k'3 TO .
JOHN McN'ACGIIT • ? Manager
JT.-BLI CATION OrriCE THIRD AND MARKET STREBTB. SAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY t NOVEMBER 15, 1904
8Wigwax — Gotrox has more money
than he knows what to do with. Hen
peckke — Then, of course, ho isn't mar
ried.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14. — Orders
to naval officers: Passed Assistant
Surgeon E. G. Parker will be detached
from the Buffalo on November 26,
1904, to the naval station at Tutuila,
Samoa. He will also have additional
duty on the, Adams and will sail from
San Francisco on December 1. ' Passed
AB8istanf Surgeon H. B. Odell is de
tached from the Adams at the, naval
station at Tutuila, Samoa, and ordered
home to wait orders.
Naval Orders.
large audience showed Its approval of
Dr. Baker's paper. Among the speak
ers on the subject were Dr. Francis
M. Larkin, Dr. E. R. Dille, Dr. George
W. White and Dr. George Guth.
NAPA, Nov. 14. — A human skull
was scooped up from the bottom of
Napa River to-day by a dredger.
There, is a bullet-hole In the skull
just above the right eye. The skull- ia
believed to be all that remains of the
body' of Charles Borchelot, a former
resident of Napa, who mysteriously
disappeared several years ago.
The grewsome relic was found off
the asylum wharf, about a mile and a
half below Napa.
Skull, Believed to Be That of Man
Who Mysteriously Disappeared,
Found by Dredger.
WATERS OF NAPA RIVER
GIVE UP RELIC OF PAST
San Franciscans at the Fair.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. X4.— The following
San Franciscans have registered re
cently at the California building at
the World's Fair: R. W. Douglass,
G. German, T. W. Mahony, G. S.
Gels, J. Irvine, A. Seavey, I. M. Wil
liamson, Mrs. E. L. Baker, C. R.
Splivalo, J. A. Landsberger, C. F.
Scott. Mrs. T. Darks. J. R. Corbus and
family and R. Strandslg and wife.
• YOUR PRINTING ON TIMBl— <3&briel Print
ing Co. print anything. 418 Sacramento at. *
STOCKTON, Nov. 14. — The trial of
Howard Buckland, the 15-year-old
slayer of his father, continues to at
tract crowds to the Superior Court.
Mrs. 'Buckland, the boy's mother, tes
tified to-day to acts of cruelty, on the
part of her husband, and stated that
on the morning of the shooting he
slapped her. knocked her down and
kicked her. She called her son to
protect her.
She afterward told her eon that she
hoped never to look uppn the face
of her husband again. ' Within an
hour Howard shot and killed his
father.
Cruelly Abused by Man Slain
by Youth.
Woman Tells Court How She Was
MOTILER OF STOCKTON'S
BOY MURDERER ON STAND
Scherf 's Trial Postponed.
The case of Gustave Scherf, deputy
poundkeeper, charged with shooting
and killing Rudolph W. Schultze on
August 25, was on Judge Lawlor's
calendar yesterday for trial. The
Judge said he had been Informed that
Frank J. Murphy, the defendant's at
torney, was sick and desired. a post
ponement. Turning to Scherf, the
Judge said that the trial would be
continued for a week, but at that time
it would be proceeded with whether
Murphy was sick or well. All the wit
nesses were instructed to . return on
that day. Murphy says he will find
means to stop the trial from proceed
ing next Monday if he is unable to be
present^ ;
Fails t o Voice Objection to Voting
Machines Before Election Board.
P. H. McCarthy was busy with
other matters last evening, bo he
failed to appear before the Board of
Election Commissioners to establish
all he has said and all it is said he has
said against the mechanical perfection
and honesty of the voting machine.
Mr. McCarthy will be heard at a later
date.
A. W. Reiber and Charles A. Bred
erman, both of the Hotel Cecil, 960
Bush street, complained that they
were denied their right to vote at the
election. Both testified that they were
registered, but when they appeared to
vote they were informed that they
were not on the register. The case
went over until the next regular
meeting of the board.
Attorneys -T. F. Curran and Fran
cis Dunne filed a protest with the
board against the employment of a
non-civil service man to take care of
the voting machines Instead, of J. J.
Beatty, who heads the civil service
machinists' list. The matter went over.
DEFENSE TELLS- ITS SIDE
OF TABOR-ROGERS CASE
Another Version Regarding Accusa
tion of Woman for Alleged Theft
of Fiance's Watch.
Judge Graham devoted another day
yesterday to the hearing of - the suit
of Octavine Tabor against Charles H.
Rogers and George W. and Teresa
Shriner for $30,000 damages for false
imprisonment. After the cross
examination of the plaintiff Judge
Maguire moved for a nonsuit. . This
was ¦'denied. H. J. Brodi; called for
the defense, told the Btory of a scene
a*- the Regina Hotel bar when Rog
ers' Bister, Mrs. Shriner, took a watch
from his pocket and handed it to the
witness for -the purpose of showing
Rogers that he could . be "touched."
This was before the affair later in the
night, when Rogers accused his
fiancee of stealing the timepiece and
had her taken to the police station.
Both Mr. and^ Mrs. Shriner gave
their version of the incident. . They
said they retired about 1 o'clock
on the night in Question, while Rog
ers and Mrs. Tabor went out to a
restaurant. At 3 a. m. the Shriners
were awakened by • Rogers, • who j came
to their room with ; Mrs. Tabor and
Intimated that she had ¦ taken the
watch- He asked Shriner to send for
a detective, which was done. They
declared that Rogers did riot lay a
handon the woman and that he did
not forcibly take his rings from her
hand. Mrs. Dora Bishop, housekeeper
for Rogers, was on . the stand telling
of her objections to Mrs. Tabor's vis-
Its to the Rogers home whan the trial
was adjourned until to-day.
McCarthy not present.
"Theology of Ritschl" was the
theme of an address delivered by Dr.
E. E. Baker before the Methodist
Ministers' Association yesterday. The
The Rev. J. H. Laughlln presided
over the deliberations of the Presby
terian Ministers' Association yester
day morning, when an address was
delivered by Professor Guy W. Wads
worth of the Occidental College, Los
Angeles, on . "The Problem of the
Christian College." •
"Reminiscences of the Early Min
istry of California" were interestingly
given before the Congregational Min
isters' Association yesterday by Dr| S.
H. Willey.
San Francisco's adaptability as a
city for conventions Is again being
demonstrated. This time it is by the
Christian church demonination,
whose national gathering, which met
lately In St. Louis with an assemblage
numbering 4 0,000. is to come to this
city. The Christian church minis
ters of San Francisco and cities across
the bay met yesterday in the Y. M. C.
A. building, the Rev. P. C. Macfarlane
presiding, and listened to further pre
liminary reports regarding the con
vention which will assemble in this
city August 17 next. ." «
Letters from Cincinnati. Chicago
and other cities East give the assur
ance that the convention will be one
of the most important magnitude. It
Is estimated from reports already re
ceived and also from the etrong and
enthusiastic feeling shown at St. Louis
when the convention was given to San
Francisco for 1905 that fully 10,000
will come here.
Church Exp*"ctcd to Bring Ten
Thousand to This City.
National Assemblage of the Christian
First United States Deputy Collector
of Customs Newton S. Farley has re
ceived a printed copy of the proposed
revision of the Philippine customs
tariff. Suggestions as to changes
therein are invited and should be in
Deputy Farley's hands by Friday at
noon of this week. Or the sugges
tions may be written and mailed in
time to reach the bureau of insular
affairs. War Department, Washington,
D. C, not later than November 23.
Mr. Farley .says the proposed re
vision does not contain many changes
in the figures, the additions being
principally with reference to the
technical construction of the sched
ule, in order to make it more clear to
the understanding and to avoid pro
tests and appeals as much as possible.
Deputy Collector Farley Will Receive
Suggestions Up to Friday Noon
and Will Forward Them.
PROPOSED PHILIPPINE
TARIFF BILL HERE
GREAT CONVENTION" TO «
3IEET HEBE NEXT YEAR
Other divorces were granted as fol
lows: By Judge Murasky to Rose J.
Turner from Robert J. Turner for
neglect; by Judge Graham to Grace
Calef from Erwin Calef, neglect; to
Florence M. Bowman from George H.
Bowman, neglect; -by Judge Troutt to
Maud A. Collins from Frederick Col
lins, desertion; by Judge Sloss to Jo
seph C. Boyd from Annie Boyd, deser
tion: by Judge Seawell to Albert E.
Bartlett from Josephine Bartlett, de
sertion.'
Nine suits for divorce were filed, as
follows: By Ethel Reed against
Christopher C. Reed, intemperance;
W. S. Skinner against Rilla Skinner,
desertion; Rose Pedigo against Grason
Pedigo, desertion; Jean B. Lannes
against Catherine Lannes, desertion;
Ottille J. von Hagen against Robert
A. von Hagen, neglect; John E. Beck
er against Amanda Becker, infidelity
with George Keogh; Frank B. White
man against Clara S. Whiteman, de
sertion; Ethel Gottstein against Na
than Gottstein, neglect; John Sarnik
against Mary Sarnik, desertion.
Another reconciliation of married
persons who had been through the
first stage of a divorce was credited
yesterday to Judge Graham, who set
aside the Interlocutory decree granted
to Nellie J. Fronk from George Fronk
on November 16, 1903. Fronk is a
grocer in the Mission. His wife sued
for separation on the ground of cru
elty, but they have since made up and
are living together again.
Vera Karusa, whose husband, Nich
olas Karuaa, twice pawned her wed
ding ring to get money with which to
gamble, obtained a divorce from
Judge Kerrigan, with $25 a month ali
mony. Judge Hebbard annulled the
marriage of K. A. Hedberg and Alma
Hedberg,, which took place nine years
ago. The bride disappeared on the
evening of the wedding and has not
been seen by her husband since.
Fronts Are Reconciled — Wife of Man
Who Pawned Wedding Ring Is
Free — Other Cases.
DIVORCE DECREE NEARLY
A YEAR OLD SET ASIDE
The national board consists of twen
ty-one members, including officers of
the army and navy and militia officers,
trustees of the National Rifle Associa
tion and civilians from all parts of
the country, so that whatever plah of
procedure is adopted it is safe to as
sume it will be one which will be fair
to all the States desiring the establish
ment of such ranges.
The same Is especially true of the
Southern States, where the popula
tion is largely rural, and It is con
tended that it would be very unfair
to Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi,
Florida and other Southern States If
the plan should be adopted establish
ing ranges in States according to the
population of their cities. A proposi
tion to establish these ranges in the
States according to the quota of their
National Guard is also being consid
ered, but the plan of establishing one
range in each State before other States
shall be allowed more than one range
is receiving favorable consideration.
CASE OF THE SOUTH.
In the case of Indianapolis a fort has
been recently established there. Fort
Harrison, which offers an excellent lo
cation for a range, which could be used
by riflemen within a radius of fifty
miles of Indianapolis for practice on
Saturday afternoons and holidays, and
for those from Cincinnati, Louisville
and Chicago who desire to spend sev
eral days on the range. There is a
Bt/ong influence being exerted to secure
one of the ranges for Indianapolis.
The question of property value in
end about New York will doubtless be
a source of concern when allowances
are made for ranges In the vicinity of
Greater New York. It requires a large
stretch of territory, as ranges of at
least 1000 yaeds are desired, and prop
erty of such an extent within easy
trolley distance of New York is ex
tremely valuable.
There has been some discussion as
to the method of procedure in acquir
ing and locating these ranges. On the
one hand it is thought that the na
tional board should, first provide for
the establishment of ranges in the
vicinity of the larger cities, beginning
with New York, Chicago, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Boston, St. Louis and so
on down the list. On the other hand, It
is contended that under such proced
ure States like Indiana, with approxi
mately 1.000,000 men eligible for ser
vice in time of war. would be one of
the later States where ranges would
be established, as Indianapolis is
quite far down the list of cities ac
cording to its population.
PLEA OP IXDIAXAPOLIS.
CALL. BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The fact that
the national board for the promotion of
rifle practice will ask Congress at its
coming session to appropriate $1,000,000
annually for the next few years to • be
devoted to the establishment and equip
ment of suitable rifle ranges in the
vicinity of the larger cities and to the
issuing of arms and ammunition under
certain restrictions has awakened a
great deal of interest throughout the
country, and applications are pouring
in for the location of these ranges. It
is contemplated that ranges shall be
established in the vicinity of Boston,
New York, Chicago, St. Louis, Balti
more, Philadelphia, New Orleans, Den
ver, San Francisco, Salt Lake and Los
Angeles.
. While the selection of these cities
would naturally be gratifying to the
residents thereof who would like to en
gage in rifle practice for the exercise
and pleasure connected therewith, the
riflemen in Cincinnati, Cleveland, Louis
ville, Indianapolis, Mobile, Savannah,
Buffalo and other cities feel that they
the quite as much Interested in the
proposition and as much entitled to
recognition as the riflemen of the other
cities mentioned. .New York has ah ex
cellent range at Creedmoor, and the
range at Sea Girt, N. J., is accessible
to riflemen of the Eastern States. It is
therefore represented that when the na
tional board secures the initial appro
priation it should set about establishing
ranges in States which are not so fa
vored.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
When Edwin E. Stoddard appeared
In Judge Cook's court yesterday for
trial on a charge of felony embezzle
ment he pleaded guilty and waived
time for sentence. His attorney, John
J. Barrett, made a strong plea for le
niency, in which he was supported by
Attorney Bush Fennell, special prose
cutor. The Judge sentenced Stoddard
to serve eighteen months in San Quen
tin.
Stoddard was head of the bicycle de
partment in the warehouse of the Dun
ham, Carrigan & Hayden Company and
was discharged on January 1. An in-'
vestigation of his books showed a short
age of $4000. His peculations had been
going on for two years.
After leaving the company's employ
ment Stoddard went into the automo
bile business at 128 Fremont street,
with J. B. Spaulding as a partner. He
was arrested on February 6, the day
before the formal opening of his auto
mobile establishment, but was released
on bail the following day. It Is said
that his wife will carry on the business
while he is serving his term in San
Quentln. Stoddard was a well-known
wheelman and a member of the Bay
City Club. \
About the time that Judge Cook was
passing sentence upon Stoddard, W. T.
Robertson, secretary of the Auto Liv
ery Company, 1138 Market street, made
application before Police Judge Fritz;
for a warrant for Stoddard's arrest on \
a charge of malicious mischief. Stod
dard Is a stockholder in the company,
and on Saturday he tore up the carpets
in the office and attempted to take
forcible possession of the premises.
While the warrant was being written
out the" Judge was notified of Stod
dard's sentence, and when it was pre
sented to ' him for signature he tore it
up, explaining to Robertson that Stod
dard had been sent to San Quentin.
Telegraphic advices are to the effect
that the board of engineers employed
to investigate the reclamation problem
is about to meet in the East to draw up
the final plans and specifications. Prank
D. Ryan, State Commissioner of Pub
lic "Works, will leave for the East in a
few days to confer with the board of
engineers having the v ork in hand. Its
final decision on Oie work to be per
formed will soon follow this conference.
The board is composed of Henry B.
Richardson of Louisiana, Major T. O.
Dabney of Mississippi and Major H. M.
Chittenden of Yellowstone National
Park.
Congressman-elect McKlnlay said
yesterday that though he would not
take his seat until March 4, he would
attend the coming session to familiarize
himself with the work of Congress, and
especially to aid his associates in de
ciding upon the most promising mode
of procedure to secure the appropria
tion for the carrying out of the plans
of the board of englneera.
With eight Congressmen and two
Senators, all Republican, bending their
energies to carry the plans to comple
tion there is no question that they will
succeed, and California will reap its re
ward for the splendid plurality it gave
the party in the battle that has just
been merged into history.
READY TO DRAW PDAN T S.
After Mr. McKinlay had left head
quarters it was given out that an agree
ment had been reached by the Con
gressmen and Congressmen-elect to
make the question of the reclamation of
the inundated lands of the State the
main fight of their incumbency. Early
in December the board of engineers em
ployed by the River Drainage Associa
tion of this State will file its report as
to the most feasible plan for the recla
mation of inundated lands, and then
the time will be ripe for Congressional
action.
It is not probable, however, that the
question will be laid before Congress at
the coming session. The plan pi the
board of engineers must be first studied
In detail and the matter of cost of the
proposed 5 improvements as suggested
by its members carefully calculated
before the California Senators and Rep
resentatives will be in a position to de
bate the question and answer any ob
jection that may be raised by any mem
ber of the Senate or House that feels
so inclined.
AGREEMENT IS REACHED.
Citizens of the great Sacramento and
San Joaquin valleys are to be congratu
lated over the fact that at the election
of a week ago . the entire Republican
Congressional ticket of the State was
victorious. It means to them that their
dream of years — the reclamation of the
inundated lands of the basins— Is about
to be realized."
Although the reclamation of the In
undated lands of the State affects di
rectly only four of the Congressional
districts, it is admitted that indirectly
it affects every citizen of the State.
With this fact in mind a movement is
now well under way looking to a united
effort on the part of . the eight Con
gressmen and two Senators of the State
to secure a sufficient appropriation
from the Government to reclaim the in
undated lands of the State, confine the
great rivers to their natural channels
and utilize their surplus waters for the
irrigation of the arid lands . of the
southern districts.
Congressman-elect McKlnlay was in
the city yesterday In consultation with
those most interested in the great prob
lem that is born with the yearly over
flow of the rivers named. Land owners
of Colusa and near-by points that an
nually suffer from the rush of waters
called upon him to offer suggestions.
Their observations were recorded for
future use. '
Applications Pour In From.
Various Sections of the
Nation for Recognition
Will Await Report of En
gineers and Then Proceed
to Secure Needed Funds
Embezzles $^000 From His
Employers While Head of
the Bicycle Department
GETS EIGHTEEN MONTHS
SAN EEANCISCO NAMED
PLAN ACTIVE CAMPAIGN
Congressmen Unite to Se
_cure a Big Appropriation
to Confine the Eivers
Government to Be Asked to
Provide Them at Leading
Centers in the Country
Plea of Guilty Is Entered
When the Case Is Called for
Trial Before Judge Cook
RIFLE RANGES
FOR BIG CITIES
STODDARD GOES
TO SAN QOENTIN
RECLAMATION
THEIR FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1904".
9
Freei Freei
Eztfaovdinafy Oiies
TO
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
To make their
Hoftchay Purchases in the Month of November
5£*$25.QQ p -- • $7.50 l 'S* e Free
Sr$J0.00 R—. $3.00 Free
$5.00 *—. $1.50 ™%t*&L Free
Free <to rn Pcfdutse ' nr worth of goods p
Trttk .$Z,.ZJ\J *-«cn«se. y^C* your own choice rrec
Free C f fjf) Purcha8e . OC r worth of^oods p
vfo. Z^JZ* your own choice rrce
We want you to see our
Grand Holiday Display bf Beautiful
and Newest Creations
Elite Chinaware, Limoges China, French
China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware,
Novelties, and Dolls.
Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest,
Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected
from the Markets of the World.
Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
We want you to see our very reasonable prices*
We want you to come just to look.
Take advantage of this very liberal offer.
- CL'T HERE CUT HERE
CUT OUT THIS COUPON, ferine it to any of our stores before
x December 10, J904, aad receive with each purchase a» listed r.
x abeva a very handsome present of your own selection. 5
= SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^Nov. J5 , J904 =
fc Come just to look. g
J Bring this Coupon -with you to any of our stores*
NOT GOOD AFTER DECEMBER 1O. 1904.
. CUT HKKE CUT HERE
Great American Importing lea Go.
CITT STOKES:
861 K&rket st. 213 Sntter st. 705 r ari:ra rt. 2732 24th rt. *
140 Sixtb st. 20C8 Fillsicre Et. 146 Ziizxt'c. st. 2O6 Third at.
475 JZaisrht et. 355 Hayes et. 52 Market Bt. 469 Fourth st.
1819 Dtvlstdero st. 3006 Sixteenth st. 521 Montgomery ave. 366 Tilrd st.
1419Fcikst. 3235 Mission st. 2516 Mission st.
0AKLAK2, ALAKEDA A27S BERKELEY STORES:
1053 'WasUagxon st. 1510 Seventh st. • Berkeley, 2141 Center at.
1185 23d ave. 616 E. 12th at. Alaxneda, 1355 Park rt.
STOEES XZT OTEE3 CITIES AITS TOWNS:
San Jo»». 125 R. First st. Hernardir.o. 421 Third et. Lcig Beach. 220 Pin« ave.
Facrmrr>ento, 426 K st. Patita Barbara, 73-1 Stata et. Merced. 408 Main J>t.
etcrcmcaio. fsfH J gt, Pan Uif^o. f>J2 Fifth rt. Nevad&CIty.Pine FtMaa.bldp.
fc'ama Crui. 14f> PaciSc ave. » s aT:LuisOi>itpt>.T29Hiiruera«t. R.-dlant's. IS E. State st.
Stuoktcn, 44D E. MUn st. Tulan-. Kern St., near K. Santa Monica. 227 Third st.
Gi'.roy, 13 N. Monterey rt. VlrKinl^ City. 08 S. C it. Stnta Ana. 2CJ E. Fourth at.
Lfjs Gatos. Kh-- Main Et. Ventura. 2O& Main St. VWalla, 216 Main Et.
SAnL«eandro,PanL«orer.roave. Crockett. Woodland, 6C5 Main Bt.
L/OFAnt^'es, 42j^.Hrosidwar. Lincoln. Vatsonvilie. 323 Main Bt.
LcsAn«elcs.2F.2.'iPaf=adcna. av. 'Winters. K»-n!ci't, G First St.
Salt I-r ».• -. 215 Main *t. Ii^dwocd City. Chico.Bdwy.,bet.3d £4th eta.
Portland, 3.H WaishirKton St. t?utter Cr< ek. Cars&nCit>,C«.ra'n st.nr.Klns.
Pcr^land, 223 Flryt «t. Nai>a, 5 Main st. Erlffbam City, Main st.
Seattle. »0*> Second ave. Petaluma, R2S Main st. Mo<l*«:to, 10th St., bet. H & I.
Seattle! 30» Pike st. Bt. Helena, Main Ft. Oroville, C»S Meyers st.
Tacoma 9S7 C st &mta P.osa, 411 Fourth st. Provo. Academy ave.
£rxkar.e S10 Frraim* a/re. Vallf jo, 339 Georgia Ft. ParkClty.Main st,Schlelda ba;.
QJBdcn M0 Twt-nty-nJth st. Hayvar4*,B»t..b«t.Main&lat. RedBluff.Maln & Oak Bta.
B»k-*ref.fld. lt.13 19th sU- Fan Kafa<-1. K23 Fourth st. Salinas. 254 Main et.
Fi-'eho J145 J «t Pasadena. I'M) E. Colorado st. OregonCIty.Main st.eo.5th.
K«rysr!IXc. 3Z2 D st. Astoria, Commercial et. Uerld?l-urs.
Pomona 402 W. S«?oond rt. Eugene, 30 E^ Ninth st. Placervllle.
Reno 19 Commercial row. Eureka, ccr. Fifth ar.d F sts. Ocean View.
RtddinK. 421 Market st. Grass Valley. T>C Mill st. Callstoga
Blverside W31 Mam »t. Hanrcrd, Cf»f> N*. Iraln st. Sonoma.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help You.
. The ORIOINAL remedy t&ct "kin* the Daedrstf Oenn."
0mm rv% • ***** niAmn * * A » **e* lcId * ratkn this "duty" such a pleasure that tne
THE HBRPICIDE HABIT •*#*. HJsr^-sSrBh&t
CarafuJ people now coeslder It • duty to use a ladle* by fceeplnt the haU ll/thtaad fluffy and by
acalp prophyuac. as It Insure* cleanliness and rlvln Z It a silken t l<»»- <»««« d * mJru JL. ft0 5 t
freeloia fro^ dandruS Blcrobes. The refreshtar hUlot hair. Ghrea aattstactJon an4 exdtes ad-
«,u*Utyat»de«pi!slte fragrance of Newbro'sHerp- mh-atTon. Stops lUhlnt instantly. .*.> :
I &Q1NG« i! CyQNEi ! ! I
mnan niuxt it. ' mrtciK iu wt it. too uti foi ieimcibl
firu Stsrtj, S1JXL ' Sa9 10c, ttssps, ta EEE?1CIBE CO, Dipt R. Oetraru Htok^far • uo^to. /
ApyucATioars at paoMigxarr bameb glow.-
AMUSEMENTS.
llULUlHm A IEAD1SQ THEA.3
MATINEE BATURDAT.
LAST SIX NIGHTS.
Hmry TV. Savar* presents Oeoxxa
Ade's Quaint Comedy Drama,
M COUNTY CHAIRMAN
"You *ot some votes."
Last time Sunday night. j
Besinnlns Next Monday,
Charles B. DUllngham
Presents
Marine Elliott
In the Clyde Fitch Comedy,
HER OWN WAY
Seat Sale Begins Thursday.
Special Mat Thanksglvlns day.
*
BETTER THAN MEDICINE FOR
WHAT AILS YOU.
"A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY"
THE BIG HIT of Last Season.
With an Exceptional Cast of well
known favorites: William Friend. Har-
ry Crandall. Eugene Redding. William
Woodslde, Thais Magrane, Helen Trav-
ers, Vlolette Villiers, Lucille VlUlera.
Next Sunday Night— Poaltlvely tha
Original New Tork Casino Production.
ARTHUR DUNN In the Shubert and
Nixon & Zimmerman $75,000 Musical
Extravaganza. THE RUNAWAYS.
First tour of the Famous CASINO
SHOW GIRLS. Over 75 Playera.
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and. Manager.
TO-NIGHT th'I^h. TO-NIGHT
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD OOUL3 — J. H. OILUOUB .
And the Majestic Theater Company In
Hearts Aflame
The Intensely Emotional Socfcty Drama Sug-
gested by the Novel of Louis* Winter*,
O«T/» Thursday Matinee !>*>!»
*OC seats Everywhere **9%r
GRANT) SS5i£
THIS WEEK ONLY
MATINEE SATURDAT.
The International Success
The FATAL
WEDDING.
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
The Show Girl
THE BEST OF ALL GIRL SHOWS.
TAKE AN AFTERNOON OFP
Or Come To-Hlrht and See the
GBEATIST VATJDEVIH.E PER0E*OB2S-
ANCE IN ALL THE WOBLD IOS
THE PRICES:
10c and 20c— No Higher.
Ten Hew HEAPHNKTM Every Week.
Afternoon' Performances at 3:30.
Twice, Each Vi*ht, at 7S3O and 9.
Contlnnons Perf ormanoes on Saturday
and Sunday, from 3 to 5 O'clock p. m.
and from 7 UntU 11 O'Cloc* at Wight.
CHILDREN 10 CENTS AT ALL TIMES
And to any part of The theater.
Only house displaying absolutely New and
' Remarkable Moving Pictures. '--
. MIgCEUiANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Prize Carnival Ball !
SAN FRANCISCO AERIB No. 0.
EAGLES
SATURDAT EVENING, NOVEMBER 1», 1904
MECHANICS* PAVILION. ,
Prizes will be awarded for most* original
and best sustained character and handsomest
costumes. ¦ '
lEEEimi
16 Pages. $1 per Year
; ADyjEBCTSlSMtii.BdTB. ¦__ L ._ n _. u . 1J . Lri _
ftg^jL™gg£ b I! For Infants and Children.
IllllJliTlie Kind You Have
Always Bought
slmilalingtfteFoodandBeguIa- 1|| " , ff
I ting the Stomachs aMBqwgls of |B| JJQgjS tllO M 4
Promotes Digestion.CheerPul- n| jf *f IAt
ness and Rept.Contains neither fl n f ffk Jt 9&
Opium.>forplttne norMineraL Pfj Ul Jfiv\lj
T«i(OT^fAB.COTIO, |M . AVlW'
n T * |. J ¦*¦£¦ U rm m\
|£gA*- r 1 (\ jjfr '"
™z=^=—L m fwt nfj y q o
A perfect Remedy for ConsCpa- || W (r VWU
rion.SourStomach.Diarrhoca eft I ¥jkf
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- m\ ffl^ f AH fa imp
ness and Loss of Sleep. a \^ lUl UVul
Facsimile Signature of *3
G&tfft^ m ThiTtu Yoare
y^vYogK^^ I Illiriy SOdio
tmc ct«T«u» eoitnir. mw ran* city.
AMUSEMKM'ra.,
OPERAf I Y®i_i KOUSt
THTSD WEEK
Of ti« Gnat Musical Comedy Triumph
THE
MESSENGER
BOY
A SUPERB SCENIC SKNSATIOX.
¦ 'i A GREAT TTVOLI CAST.
Pradnotiaa arplxloy tnd I I M |« I 1 1 1 1 I
Ladii'icmtMaU optra |\| II U UUUU
Spaelal Thtakigiriag X»L HSSSZ593B BOT
tTanal TItoH Prlce»— 23c, 60c, T3«.
Seata always Belling. Rear. mat. Saturday.
8FECUL-8CNDAY 4FTEKW0O*. KOV. Mth
vans. TAJsnxra tbaxtcxsca.
la Dosisatti's I lip I A
Gmt Op«r» L.UW1A
Pricea— 23c SOc, T5o, $1.
A Big Banner Bill
Mr. ouid Mrs. Mark MnrpHy; Carlisle's
Dors and Ponies : Anffusta Gloae; Tlurea
Romanian j Twelve Savajo Gixla;
Canflald and Carleton; Woe Jeaaia
riatcliar and
JOHN T. KEILT A2>3> COM7AZTT.
Regular Matlne«a Bvery W«dnaaday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 25<i
and COc.
AT PA7AD Belaae* A Mayer.
ALCAZAR
—..r •.- General Manager.
TO-HIOHT — AXiXi THIS WEES.
MATINKES 3AT. and SUN.
FIRST STOCK PRESENTATION
Clyde Fltch'a Pow«rful Play,
The Climbers
BEST OP SOCIETT PLATS.
Eve., 25c to 73c. Mats. Sat. and Sun., 23a to 50c
Thanks&lvingf week. NEXT MONDAT— IniriaJ .
Production Here.
THE VILLAGE POSTMASTER,
Th# Bert of Rustle Comedies — 30O Xlghts in
New York, Five Tears In tfio East.
Market Street, Near Eighth. ..Plion« South 533
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS WEIX.
Traraendona Production of U>« Beat ot All
/ Military Dramas.
Winchester
Bterllni Story of Lor* and War.
Exciting Bcenlo Effacta! Hilarious Comedy t
THE MIUTABY BAXJCt
the Toxmo orai. spyi
THII THBTtiUIfO BIDS FOX XJTX2!
FKlCES-rEJva. 10c to 60o; Mats. 10c, 15o, 23<v
Thanksfftrtag; Week. ~Sar. 21, First Produc-
tion Her* of the Stupendous Melodrama
"QTTEEIf OP TBS WHITS SIEVES."
PETCHING BROS.
JOHNSON AND WELLS
Ami a Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
and Evenlnjr in tne Theater.
TAKE- A RIDE ON THE
KZHXATtrBS SXSOTBIO RAH,BOAI>,
SEVEN BABT U0N3 Df THE ZOO.
Hear tlie Pneumatic Symphony Orobestrton.
View the Johnstown Flood.
AMATEUR NIOHT THTntST>AT.
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 8q
Rail! ARacii!
New >flfir Jockey
California W Club
oakiAnd track.
Commencing SATURDAT. November IX
Racine every week day, rain or ahln*
Races start at 3:15 P- m. sharp.
For special trains atoppinff at th« track tak»
B P Ferry foot of Market street, at 12:0%
12 -SO* 1-00 '1:30 or 2:00. Returning train*
leave' the traok at 4:10 and 4:15 p. m. and
immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT, Secretary.
h^E^ULtOOKS
plAKC WAPR-Y' GUB5T6
All/ ft VGUf r.nrtk
VIVO /WUI VWIfc
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
It makes fine cooking easy.
There's only one real "Liebig"
with this f%
VaUrtk DORTT FAIL TO
j COURT Lounging
/Ififl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
r * PALM ROOM, th«
iirafl a louis xv par.
ui auu LOR> the jj^
U X~1 ~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles, four
year-olds and up, selling.
6160 Formero (Caughey) 105
7329 "iBabelllta (McNamara) 08
(7406)Fllle d'Or (Kenyon) 100
7404 "G. W. Trahern (Summers) 104
740G 'Ink (Lamaaney) 112
*P!rateer (Parker & Thwalte») 103
74OH Melstersinger (Henshall) 102
6723 Byrcnerdale (Crane) 100
'Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs, two
year-old fillies, purse. •
5001 Bologna (Parker & Thwaltes) 112
7401 Sea Voyage (Miller) 100
6700 Duplex • (Touhey) 100
7408 Entre Nous (Nealon) ....' 100
7401 Alone (Summers) 100
5007 Lillian Ayres (Smith) 100
Fourth race — Six furlongs, all ages, handi
cap. • purse.
7405 Kentlworth (Stover) 110
664SKlliott (Daly) iu
6440 Venator (Rowell) .102
7405 Judge (Skinner & Co.) 105
7405 Royal Rogue (Nealon) 105
7405 Christine A (Lamasney) 97
¦ Third race, six and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up. selling.
(7400)Hlpponax (Dean) 109
. 7403 'Hindoo Princess (Polk) 104
7316Mocorito Wellman) , 103
'Monia (Ezell) S j>8
7403 'Mountebank (Keating) 104
74CO 'Sugden (McNames) 107
7050 'Galanthus (Coffey) 104
7307 Miss Culver (Van Bokkelen) loo
6407 Diderot (Carey) me
7309 'Nullah (Burns) 104
....Andori (Knapp) no
. . . . Flsherboy (Burnett & Hart) flt>
.... Baker (McAlester & Co.) 101
.... Phalanx (Moormead Farm) Hi)
7401 Chestnut (Ross) loi
ARRAY OF MUDLARKS
MOST LIKELY TO SCORE
BY F. E. IHTJLHOLLAND.
First race — Educate, Bronze Wing,
Silurian.
Second race— Phalanx, Edrodum,
Giacoma.
Third race— Diderot, Galanthus,
Hipponaz.
Fourth race— Kenilworth, Elliott,
Judge.
Fifth race— Sea Voyage, Bologna,
Entre Nous.
Sixth race— Byronerdale, Fille
d'Or, G. W. Trahern.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, six and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up, selling. . .
6735 Lady Rowell (Boots)....... HW
7403 'Silurian (Lamasney Bros.) 98
4316 'Bronze Wing (Fountain)... 104
7400 Achilles (McCabe) 108
7400Brennus (Judge) 103
7400 *Dr. Shorb (McNames) .......104
7400 Sir Dougal (Sheridan) .108
7403 Red Damsel (Russell) ....IDO
7356Revolt (Gilbert) 103
7340 'Educate (Hopper) ..104
Second race, five furlongs, maiden two-year
olds, colts and. geldings, purse.
Gild (Jones) 101
6279 Calculate (Blasingame) 107
' ....Forerunner (Elmwood Farm)...... ...110
.... LJllltus "(Hackett) HO
.... Edrodum (Lagorie & Forbes) 08
6647 Glacoma (Smith) 101
. . . . The 'Reprobate (Keene) 98
SOUTH BEND, Ind.. Nov. 14.—
Tommy Ryan, the middle-weight pu
gilist, will meet Jack Sheridan in a
ten-round fight to-morrow < night.
Ryan agrees to knock out Sheridan dr
forfeit $1000. .
Ryan to "Stop" Sheridan.
To Fight for Championship.
SPOKANE, Nov. 14.— rPapers were
signed here to-day for a battle be
tween Jerry McCarthy and the "Dixie
Kid" for the welter-weight champion
ship of the world.?, The fight is to take
place . at Baltimore, Md., December 7.
The men are to weigh in at 142 pounds
»' *¦ o'clock on the day of the fisrht
The Civil Service Commission last
night fixed the date for examinations
for truckmen in the Fire Department.
The time to file applications will close
on December 3: The medical, phys
ical and athletic examinations will be
held commencing December 6 and the
written examinations will be given on
Saturday. December 17. at 1 p. m., in
the Girls' High School. All appli
cants for the position of truckmen
must be five feet nine inches in height
and 150 pounds weight
Examination for Truckmen.
Committees from the rowing clubs
: met last night at the Dolphin club
house for the purpose of organizing
a rowing association. 'CM. Farrell
of the Dolphin Club was elected chair
man and Al Kihn of the . Alameda
Club secretary. W. C. Donnelly of the
Alameda Club, T. DIxion of the Dol
phin Club and E. Flanders of the
Ariel Club were appointed a commit
tee on by-laws. F. E. Browning . of
the Alameda Club, William Harris of
the Dolphin Club and J. A. Wilson of
the Ariel Club were selected as a com
mittee on classification. The commit
tees will meet December 13.
Oarsmen Will Organize.
Third race, five furlongs — Ethel Day won.
Fruit second, Bonnie Sue third. Time, 1:01%.
Fourth race, steeplechase, Clubhouse course —
Schwarzwald won. Allegiance second, Thorn
hedfe third. Time, 3:34.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Fox
Hunting won, Arthur Cummer second, J. B.
Smith third. Time, 1:15.
Sixth race/ one mile and seventy yards —
Estrada Palma won. Miss • Doyle second,
Benckart third. Time, ,1:46%.
First race, six and a half furlongs— Nervator
won. Maggie Leeber second. Idle third. Time,
1:23%.
Second race, one mile — Annie Williams won,
Varro second. Professor Neville third. Time,
1:44. .
CINCINNATI, Nov. 14.— Latorila
summary:
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— Billy Mellody
of Boston, the white welter-weight
champion of America, lost hia title to
night to Buddy Ryan of Chicago. The
men met at the Harlem Athletic Club
for a bout of ten rounds, but Mellody
was knocked out after two minutes
of fighting. .
When they came together in the
first round Ryan landed a right hook
on Mellody's Jaw and the latter took
the count of nine before he rose to
his feet. "The blow took all the fight
out of him and In a few seconds he
was knocked , down again. When he
rose for the second time he was weak
and dazed and Ryan had no trouble in
sending a straight right to the jaw
that put Mellody out for good. After
being carried to his corner he was un
conscious for several minutes.
ChicaRoan Puts Him Out With a
Right on the Jaw In
Two Minutes.
COLUSA, Nov. 14. — Senator Mar
shall Diggs sold his ranch above Co
lusa last Saturday, for $40,000 to'H. S.
Goodman, a capitalist from Illinois.
The Colusa and Chlco electric road
will run by the ranch and Goodman
has applied for a large block of the
electric road stock.
This ranch will be made into a stock
ranch, where thoroughbred cattle and
black-faced sheep will be raised.
Pays $40,000 for Property, Which
He Will Turn Into Thorough
bred Stock Farm.
BILLY MELLOPY LOSES
TITLE TO • BUDDY RYAN
ILLINOIS CAPITALIST
BUYS A COLTJSA RANCH
Frank D. Ryan, Commissioner of
Public Works, and M. A. Nurse, State
Engineer, will leave for Sioux City.
Iowa, .Friday to meet with the com
mission of Government engineers that
has been two or three months on thid
coast investigating conditions on the
Sacramento and San Joaquln rivers
and their tributaries with a view to
devising a general plan of reclama
tion. This meeting is held for the
purpose of agreeing upon a uniform
plan of operation that will receive in
dorsement and financial aid. both
State, and national. It appears to be
the consensus of opinion that a uni
form levee system should be agreed
upon and put into effect along the
course of the waterways named. The
decision of this commission will be
submitted to the War Department and
will then be embodied In a report to
Congress for consideration.
Reclamation of Land.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14 t — Aqueduct
results:
First race, seven furlonga — Rob Roy won,
Brooklynlte second. The Huguenot third. Time,
l:29?i.
Second race, five furlongs — Coy Maid won,
Santa Catallna second, Zeala third. Time,
:59 3-5.
Third race, six furlongs, the Babylon han
dicap—Oxford won. King Cole second. Cairn
gorm third. -Time, 1:13 3-6.
Fourth race, one mile — Lord • Badge won.
Graceful second, Proceeds third. Time, 1 :44.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing — Akela won, Prince' Salm Salm second,
Arsenal third. Time, 1:514-5.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Campo won, lying
Days second. Black Cat third. Time, 1:01.
Winners at the East.
D. D. Wheatland, a member of a
prominent Boston family, who has
been a guest at the St. Francis Hotel
for several days, indulged too freely
in liquor yesterday. Last evening
while the gilded lobby of the hand
some hostelry was crowded with la
dies and their escorts he created a
disturbance. Assistant Manager Wills
tried to quiet Wheatland, who rebelled
und then Wills grabbed him and
rushed toward the entrance of the ho
tel. As they neared the door Wheat
land fell in a disgraceful heap on the
floor, pulling Wills down with him.
Bystanders then interfered and
Wheatland was advised to retire. In
stead, however, he persisted in mak
ing more trouble and finally . had to
be taken in charge by porters and by
force was hurried to the hotel base
ment and out into the street.
Guest Becomes Obstreperous.
Suit "was filed yesterday afternoon
in the Superior Court by the F. Ray i
Comstock Company to compel Managr
er Ackerman of the California Theater
to raise the price for seats for the en-»
gagement of "The Runaways" from $t
to $1 50. In lieu of this, rescission of'
contract and damages in the sum of
$17,000 is demanded.
Object to Prices.
At Lexington, Ky., on November
28, the Fasig-Tipton Company will
hold a big sale. J. B. Haggin will
dispose of 125 brood mares, all in
foal, on that occasion.
Dr. Masoero has been appointed
track veterinary by the- New Califor
nia Jockev Club.
In the final event Aunt Polly made
a very nice showing, and next time
out she should Improve further still.
Willis Lawrence, a well-known Se
attje penciler, thinks well of the
game at Oakland and may cut in.
Billy Magrane, who drew down
$800 by the win of Cloche d'Or, will
try his luck making book at the next
drawing. Bill had his slate ud at
the Portland meeting, where he quit
a good winner.
W. Davis was nicely received by
the crowd when he passed the stand
on Whoa Bill. Unfortunately, the
colt bled, depriving him of a winning
mount. Whoa Bill was afflicted with
the same trouble at Kansas City.
The stables of Dayton & Co. and
that of Jere Dunn were due to ar
rive at Oakland last evening. In the
Dayton string are Mendon, Sou
frlere, Wenrick, Serenity, Mai w;ells
and Paramount.
Track Notes.
Military Banquet.
The recently elected officers of
Company B, First Infantry, N. G. C.
gave a banquet to the members of tha
company last night at Seventh and
Market streets. There were about six
ty present and after the supper there
were speeches by Captain J. J.
O'Keefe. First Lieutenant Alexander
McCUllough and Second S Lieutenant
Harvey A. Evens. There was regret
that W. N. Kelly, the preceding cap
tain, had decided to- retire from th*
company, in which he was held in
high esteem.
Sergeant Ellis, in charge of the
Chinatown squad, heard the whistle
and saw Vincent running across Ports
mouth square in the direction of Clay
and Kearny streets. He started in
pursuit and was rapidly overtaking
Vincent when Mounted Policeman F.
Callahan took a hand in the pursuit
and seized Vincent as he dodged be
hind a passing car. Vincent dropped
a purse containing $7, which was later
identified by Loy Kee as his property.
Vincent was booked at the City
Prison on a charge of burglary and
Loy Kee swore to the complaint be
fore Police Judge Mogan. Vincent is
known as a pickpocket and used to
operate on the ferry-boats.
Edward Vincent, alias Lewis, alias
Leeds, an ex-convict, entered the
room of Loy Kee. a Chinese, at 39
Brenham place yesterday morning
while Loy Kee was asleep, seized his
trousers and vest and ran out of the
room. The noise awakened Loy Kee
and he rushed into the street, blowing
a police whistle.
Enters Room of Sleeping Chinese and
Runs Away With Ills Vest,
Trousers and Purse.
FORMER CONY T ICT ARRESTED
OX A CHARGE OF BURGLARY
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Nov. 14. — Be
cause of the controversy over the time
made by Lou Dillon last week, when
it was announced that she trotted a
mile in 2:01, Millard Sanders, trainer
of the mare, intends to start her on
Wednesday next against the former
mark, 2:01*4, weather conditions be
ing favorable.
Fitzgerald to Do the Starting.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 14. — An
nouncement was made by the New
Orleans Jockey Club to-day that C. J.
Fitzgerald would start here at the be
ginning of the winter meeting and
that he would remain as starter
throughout the meeting.
Morgan County, Colorado. has
eleven irrigating canals 220 miles In
length altogether and with a capacity
of 8,200,000,000 cubic feet of water.
W. B. Rose, a clerk in the drug 1
store of M. R. Bemheim, Powell and
Post streets, was arrested yesterday
by D.etective Matheson and locked up
at the City Prison. On Saturday night,
while Bemheim, Rose and a boy
were in the store, a check for $9 50
and $24 coin were stolen. Bernheim
suspected Rose and notified the po
lice. The check was cashed yesterday
morning. When Rose was taken to>
the bank the paying teller said he was
almost positive Rose was the man
who presented .the check for payment.
Drag Clerk In Trouble.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.—Commis
sioner of Pensians Ware to-day ten
dered his resignation to the President
and it was accepted, to take effect on
January 1.
To-night Cominissioner Ware refused
to discuss his action in any way ex
cept to sav that the newspapers of the
country had been "resigning" him for
the past two years.
For at least a year it had been defi
nitely known that Ware would resign
from his office soon after the fall elec
tions and return to his home in Kan
sas to resume his law practice. It is be
lieved here that Commissioner Ware's
action was not due to any suggestion
that the severance of his relations with
the Pension Office would be agreeable
to the President. On the contrary, it
has been no secret that Commissioner
Ware soon after assuming his duties
found them distasteful to him and that
this distaste steadily increased.
There is no intimation to-night as to
who his successor will be.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— The Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day began
testimony in three cases involving rates
on live stock from Western and South
western points to Chicago and terminal
points on the Mississippi River. About
$1,000,000 a year in freight rates is said
to be at stake. J. W. Grueber of
Omaha, general superintendent of the
Union Pacific Railway, was a witness.
"The heaviest cattle shipments are
niade about the same time of the year
as the dead freight shipments," said
Grueber, "and in the stime direction.
This makes the empty mileage of our
cars which must be returned very
gTeat. We can but rarely attain the
schedule of speed fixed for stock trains,
and tiiere Is the added expense of car
ing for stock which is on the road
longer than it should be."
Grueber was closely questioned re
garding this inability to run the stock
trains through on time on account of
density of traffic, when by his own ad
mission passenger trains maintained a
schedule of twenty-eight to forty-two
miles an hour.
"Which is the more expensive, to run
these trains fast or slow?" asked Mr.
Prouty.
"Of course, fast running is more ex
pensive on account of fuel and wear of
machinery." replied the witness.
"Then you are really saving money
by this inability to keep up to the
schedule with these trains, are you
not?" he was asked.
"No: the trains run as fast as re
quired between stations, but are com
pelled to wait at sidings and stations
fnr other trains to pass."
Commissioner Ware Will
Retire at the Close
of the Present Year
Interstate Commerce Board
Begins Hearing on Tariff
. on Shipments From West
The intention is to reduce unskilled
labor wages from 17% cents an hour to
15 cents. Skilled beef butchers are paid
at the rate of 50 cents an hour. The
new scale contemplated Is 32% cents an
hour, no workman to receive more than
$3 25 for a day of ten hours.
The cut, however, is not to affect
those who remained at work during the
recent strike.
It is said that as a result of the re
ports of the foremen it was decided to
put the cut into effect without delay.
The men say that if the proposed re
duction be attempted and the skilled
workmen be given only broken time
they will be able to earn only a mere
pittance.
The unions are still suffering from
the effects of last summer's strike,
when their treasuries were completely
exhausted, and are in no condition to
enter upon another struggle with the
packers.
OMAHA, Nov. 14.— Consternation was
created among the packing-house em
ployes in South Omaha this morning
when the news leaked out that a big
cut in wages was to be announced at
once. A number of foremen in the
larger plants were last week Instructed
to sound the employes to see If they
would stand a reduction of 15 to 35 per
cent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Nov. 14. — Rear Admiral
Walker, chairman of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, does not- believe
that lumber can be shipped from Pu
get Sound to Panama in American
vessels as cheaply as In foreign ships.
Nevertheless, he is willing to give the
American ships every oppqrtunlty to
secure the contract for transporting
lumber supplies. "When next he calls
for bids for lumber for Panama de
livery in both American and foreign
bottoms will be asked for. Senator
Foster yesterday receiv^rl from Ad
miral Walker a reply to his recent
letter in regard to carrying lumber
and other supplies for the Panama
canal in American vessels.
Admiral Walker says he doubts if
shipments can be made as cheaply in
American as in foreign vessels, but
announces that he proposes when
next calling for bids for lumber to
call for its delivery at Panama both
in American and foreign vessels. In
conclusion he says:
"This commission desires to give
owners of shipping under the Ameri
can flag every possible opportunity
for doing its work."
Cpeclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
PENSION OFFICE
CHIEF RESIGNS
INQUIRY INTO
CATTLE RATES
Piear Admiral Walker Makes
Reply to Letter Regarding
Shipments to , Canal Zone ;
South Omaha Packers to
Put Into Effect a Gen
eral Reduction at Once
LOWER WAGES
FOR BUTCHERS
WILL GIVE OUR
SHIPS A CHANCE.
There were eight starters in the
mile and seventy yard selling fixture
and a highly imaginative mind could
figure any of the number to get home
in front. Finally a well directed bom
bardment forced the price against
Louis Ezell's old horse, . Flying Tor
pedo, from fours to 9 to 5 favoritism.
Torpedo showed improvement!" in his
gait, but was defeated with apparent
ease by Canejo, a 5 to 1 chance, piloted
by Herbert. Play Ball, the entry of
Mike Daly, ran a close third.
A wild, weird tip on Squire John
son prevented the admirers of Pelham
from betting half as -much as they
otherwise would on the Henshall en
try to take the fifth event. There were
no Silverskins- or George P. McNears
present, so 3 to 5 looked a most ac
commodating price on Pelham. He
early assumed control and did not re
quire much hustling to dispose of the
Squire by nearly three lengths. Head
Dance finished third and with a closer
ride might have been a contender for
the place.
Billy Magrane's old stand-by, Matt
Hogan, favorite for the closing event,
had speed to loan his poor relations.
Joe Jones took a trick at the wheel,
and, getting the first choice away in
front, won in ragtime fashion. Bell,
on Aunt Polly, took place honors from
Doublet.
It looks rather early to be springing
one with the ring laying three figures
about the horse, but Jimmy Coffey dis
regarded past traditions and led one
into the judges' circle at Oakland yes
terday. The sensation happened in the
introductory piece, a Futurity course
sprint. On his race last Saturday Mor
ris Eppinger's Whoa Bill looked like a
little bit off from the top, and the smart
ones purchased extensively at odds of 7
to 10. Cloche d'Or. the Coffey entry,
with Fitzpatrick up, opened at 50 and
soared to 100 to 1. To sum it up quick
ly, the favorite might have won. but
he bled— an old affliction. When things
looked rosy for Inspector Munro, also
an outsider. Fitzpatrick slipped up with
Cloche d'Or, winning by a neck. Whoa
Bill was third, and the combination
players put crepe on the arm.
Although there was unmistakable evi
dence of a storm brewing and the card
looked a lightweight one, the attend
ance was large. Still. Monday is usu
ally a big day. Favorites captured
three events.
• The Nealon stable furnished a warm
one for the five-furlong spin, maiden
fillies only being eligible, in Entre Nous.
With McFadden up, 2% to 1 was ac
cepted, and the good thing finished
third. Alec Forbes predicted success for
Princess Zula, and, well ridden by
Helgesen, the Take Notice filly won
ridden out from Glendene. Five to one
Avas quoted against the winner.
Dan Lamasney's Albula was re
turned a winner of the third, a six
furlong purse run. The chestnut horse
had nothing much to beat and at odds
of 11 to 20 led from start to finish.
Gorgalette, the runner-up, petered out
it, the stretch, losing the place to Sol
Lichtensteln. Oronte was the only
other starter.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAXD.
Helgerson Rides
in Winning ;
Form.
STAINTFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 14.
The Stanford campus was ablaze with
red fire to-night at the great rally and
celebration of the football victory of
Saturday. One thousand men danced
arm in arm around the big bonfire,
filling the. air with varsity slogans and
new songs. The most popular song
ra"n:
"Why don't Berkeley score
Like the Stanford men do?
Why, how can she scafre
When there's no hole to go through?"
Captain Clark and Coach Lanagan
told how the victory was won and
praised the California spirit. Then in
The varsity football team will now go
into training again for the Colorado
game. Not one member of the team
is badly hurt. Weller has a bad ankle.
Chalmers' face la cut and "West has his
nose completely skinned. On Sunday
the team will start for Denver, whera
the game with the University of Col
orado will be held on Thanksgiving af
ternoon.
turn each varsity player was called
upon to tell what- he did In the game.
At the conclusion of the speechmaklng
the whole team, the coaches and train
ers were bundled Into a huge cart and
hauled around the campus by! the en
thusiastic students.
OAKIiAXD, Monday, Nov. 14. 1904. — Weather cloudy. Track fast.
74 O7. FIRST RACE Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index! - Horse and Owner. , Wt St. % . Vi- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
[7112 iCloche d'Or. 4 (Mrs. Coffey).. 102 « ... 8 1%8 a 6 3 1 n Fltzpatrck 50 10O
6708 [inspector Munro, 3 (T. Fox).. 101 1 .. . 5 h « % 5 1 2 % |F. Sullivan 20 30
7402 [Whoa Bill. 3 (M. G. Eppinger) 104 7 ... 8 2 2%3n 3 2% W.Davis .. 8-5 7-10
(7398) Berendos. C (W. Scharetg) . . . . 107 10 ... 9 6 9 5 1 n 4 1% Vickery . . . 6 10
(7303) Pure Dole, 4 (J. Hoeppner).. 102 5 ... 1 h 12 2 n 6 2 McLau&hn 6 12
731« (Rose of Hilo, a (J. J. Ellerd.. 102 2 ... 2 h 3 i 4 % 6 h Herbert ... 15 30
7270 Profitable. 4 (A. Winter). ... 102 3 ... t 1^5 n 7% 74 McBrlde .. 20 40
(7312)|Batldor. 4 (L. E. Fine) 107 4 ... 3 2 4 2 8 Vi 8 *6 Helgersen. 15 30
tit«l Lurcne. 5 (Moormead Farm).. 107 8 ... 7 1 7h 02 1> h- IW. Knapp 10 .9-2
Vulcaln. a (U H. Ezell) lUo| 9 ...10 10 10 10 [Barrett ... 12 BO
Time— :2m. :40%, 1:10%. At poet 4 mlnutes.Off at 2:18. Cloche, place, 30; show, 10. Munro,
place, 12; show, 4. Bill, show, 1-0. "Winner, ch. m. by St. Saviour-Belle d'Or. Trained by
J. Coffey. Start, good. AV^n In a very hard drive ot five. Whoa Bill bled or he would
have won. Cloche d'Or had shown speed In workouts. A trifle too far for Pure Dale.
Berendos Is no gentleman at the post and pot away none too well. Rose of Hilo was
short probably. Lurene can do better' when on her cood behavior.
74O.S. SECOND RACE; 5 furlongs; maiden 2 -year-old fillies; rurse; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. Vi. %^ %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
Princess Zula (Lagorla & Co.) 105 1 ... 1 1^1 2^1 2%1 1% Helgerson . 5 0-2
Glendene (Summers & Co.).. 105 5 ... 6 2^7 1 3 n 2 ns McLaghlta 6 10
Entre Nous (J. C. Nealon).... 100 7 ... 4%2>,$2%33 (McFadden . 5-2 13-5
7304 Anita Knight (J. H. Spratt).. 109 8 ... 73 92 Cl 4% |Moran 6 15
Maid of Fermoy (T. Fox) 105 9 ... 10 1 0 Vj 7 1 52 IF. Sullivan 20 30
7384 Identical (J. Touhey) 105 6 ... 8 2 3 1 4 % 6 % ¦ ' W. Knapp. 6 11-2
6387 MIzpah (Summers & Co.) 105 4 ... 3 1%4 1%5 % 7 3 J.-Jones. ...1 • •
Mistress of Rolls (J. Healey). 105 12 ... 13 10 3 10 3 8 4 Hoffman .. 5 12
6610 fcun Rose (Appleby & Co) 105 3 ... 5 1 5 % 8 2 9 Herbert ... 15 30
5805, Lily Golding (J. T. Collins)... 105 10 ...12 12 12 10 Alvarado.. 20 40
Babow (T. G. FerRiison) 106 18 ... 9 111 11 11 W. Davis.. 6 6
7401 Tarcoola Belle (Miller & Co.). 105 11 ...11 13 13 12 F. Johnson 15 80
6C28 E. Callahan (J. Humphreys). 108 t ... 2 1^8 1 9 2 18 J. T.Shehn 8 15
Time — :23>4, :5OV4, 1:02%; At post 1 minute. Off at 2:41. Zula, place, 2; show, 1. Glen
dene, place, 4; show, -2. Nous, show, 3-5. Winner, ch. f. by Take Notice-Princess
Zelka. . Trained by J. Murphy. Start grood. "Won ridden out. Next two driving hard.
Princess is fast, was away well and had clear sailing. Glendene should win soon. With
more experienced handling Entre Nous could not have lost. Mizpah will improve. Ba
bow won't do. Callahan can run a quarter. *Coupled with Glendene.
7400. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse; 4-year-olds and ud; value to first, $325.
Index ¦ Horse and Owner. Wt St. %'. %^ %. Btr. Fin. Jockey. Op. ' Cl.
6590 Albula, 6 (Lamasney Bros.).. 105 1 ... 12 11 12 11% Helgerson . 1-2 11-20
(7378) Sol Llchtensteln, 6 (Madison). 104 3 ... 3 2^3 2V43 4 2 % Tullett 6 11
6726 GorKalette, 4 (Fltzgrld & Co.) 104 2 ... 2 1%2 2 2 % 3 5 McLaghlln 6 16-5
C727 Oronte, 4 (Piedmont Stables). 103 4 ... 4 4 4 4 J. Kelly ... 6 13
Time— :24%. :49. 1:14ft. At post 1V4 minutes. Off at 3:04^. Albula, place, 1-5, show, out.
Sol, place, 11-6; show, out. Gorgalette, show, out. Winner, ch. h. by Worcester-Ani
sette. Trained by D. Lamasney. Scratched — Sugden. Start bad. Won in a gallop.
Next two driving bard. Albula can handle himself well In this sort of company. Tul
lett took matters quietly the first part, or Sol might have kept the winner busy. Gorga
lette was all in a quarter from the wire. Oronte Is a bad actor and got away poorly.
7410. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; gelling; 3-year-olds up; value to flret. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. iWtjSt. Vi • %• %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7403 Canejo. a (F. Holman) 07 1 4 2%2 % 1 V4 1 1 1 % Herbert .... 3 5
7406 Flying Torpedo, 6 (L. Ezell).. 109 4 5 % 5 1 4 % 3 h 2 h Anderson .. 4 0-5
5762 Play Ball, 3 (M. J. Daly) 97 2 1 % 1 n 2 % 2 % 3 2% W. Daly .. 6 30
7338 Glenrice, 4 (Fitzgerald^ Cree) 104 6 6 1 &7 4 7 10 62 4% F.Sullivan 6 S
74O6 MaJ. Tenny. 5 (Piedmont Bta.) 97 7 72 63 63 7 15 53 J. Kelly .. 6 9
7403 Mt Peeress, 5 <Mre. Coffey).. 100 3 3 % 4 1 52 4 % 6 % Fltzpatrick 6 8
7399 Tannhaueer, 3 (Hayes Co.)... 92 5 2 n 3 1%3 % 5 % 7 25 J. Hayes .. 6 8
6414 Rene. 4 (Lamasney Bros.) 97 8 8 8 8 8 8 Watson .... 10 30
Time, :25%. :5OV1, 1:15%, 1:42V4, 1:46%. At post Yt minute. Off at 3:27^. Canejo, place,
8-5;,ehow, 4-5. Torpedo, place, 4-5; show, 11-20; Ball, show, 6. Winner, ch. m. by
Royal Flush-Lady Emma. Trained by F. Holman. Scratched — Lone Fisherman. Start
good. Won in a drive of three. Canejo Just breezed In. Torpedo did the best he could.
Play Ball ran a fair race. Glenrice can do better. Peeress was outfooted. Rene off
poorly. Major Tenny appears to be of no account.
7411. FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs; purse; 2-year-old colts and geldings; $325.
Indexl '¦ Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. %^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! cT.
7401 Pelham (C T. Henshall) . . . . 100 3 ... 11 1 3%1 4 1 2% Kunz 1-2 11-20
C724 Squire Johnson (Mrs. Miller). 103 5... 3^22 22 25 W. Knapp. 8 23-5
(6736) Head Dance (El Primero Sta.) 1.06 4 ... 2 h 3 h 3 % 3 1% J. Jones... 5 9
A. Muskoday (G. W. Dodge) ..106 6 ... 65 5%4h 4h Anderson . . 30 30
6015 Corn Blossom (H. E. Rowell). 104 7 ... 7 6 7 10 7 10 5 2% Hoffman .. 15 20
6724 Salable (Blasingame Bro.).:.. 103 1 .... 6n66 61 63 Crosswaite. 6 9
7289 David Boland (Mrs. Baird)... 109 2 ... 4 1^4 1 6 % 7 10 Helgerson. 15 15
C712 Indicate (Summers & Co.)... 103 8 .,. 8 8 8 8 McLaughln 50 100
Time — :24Vi, :49, 1:07. At post 1 minute. Oft a 3:57%. Pelham, place, 1-4; show, out.
Johnson, place, 13-10; show, 3-5. Dance, show, 1. Winner, ch. g. by Albert-Plaudit.
Trained by E. Wright. Scratched — Bearskin. Silverskin. Start good. Won ridden out.
Next two driving. ¦ Kunz shook Pelham up a trifle at the close. Squire Johnson is
game, but lacked the speed to beat the winner. Jones lost ground with Head Dance
on stretch turn. Salable was short. David Boland outclassed.
7412. BIXTH RACE 1 — I*nturity course; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and pwner. • Wt St. Y*.. Yi- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7134 Matt Hogan, a (Magrane) 109 1 ... 1 h 1 2 1 1%1 2% J.Jones ... 3-2 9-5
7396 Aunt Polly, 6 (Judge* Co.).. 107 5 ... 4 1%4 % 2 % 2 2 Bell 5 8
(730R)!Doublet. a (D. S. Fountain).. 106 2 ... 2 2%2 1%3 1%3 3 L-Fountan 15 5
7314 IMlmo 4 (P. Sheridan) 106 6 ... 3 1 3 ?i 4 n 4 n McLaughn 10 12
(7313)|Dora I, 5 (J. Ryan) 108 3 ... 83 7%5%6 3 Holbrook.. 20 30
(72OO)lBell Reed, 4 (Ftzg«rld & Cree) 107 7 ... 5 h 6 h 6 h 6 h Crosswaite 6 8
IKomombo, 3 (Parker & Th).. 106 8 ... 7n 82 73 72 Sherwood.. 4 20
(7341) I A. Carey, 4 (Fluer de Lls)..109 4 ... 6'45n 82 82 Alarie 4 9
6650 I Waterspout, 3 (R. A. Smith) 93 10 ... 94 0 9 9 Greenfield. 12 15
.6739 lOlympian, 6 (J. F. Schorr).. 110 9 ... 10 B1«J |Reed 10 20
Time :24, :49, 1:11. At post % minute. Off at 4:27. Hogan, plaee,.4-5; show, 2-5.- Polly.
place, 3; show, 7-6. Doublet, show, 1. Winner, b. g. by Wagner-Miss Hight. Trained by
W. P Magrane. Scratched — Step Around. Start good. Won easily. Second driving. Third
stopping. Hcgan was fresh and served up a vintage that was sparkling and Invigorat
ing. Aunt Polly- looks good and will win soon. Doublet has bad legs and grew weary.
Mimo outclassed. Bell Reed can do better. .Alice Carey must have been only dreaming.
Just sort of remember her.
Students Dance and Yell About
a Fire on the Campus.
Squire Johnson
Defeated by
Pelham.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
U t if n H7M1 n
Wagers on Horse Races Will Be ¦
Barred Outside Track Inclosure
Action on Coursing Law Deferred
means, was referred to the Police Com
mittee for revision, as . in its present
shap"e it would prohibit shaking dice
for drinks and cigars.
The Police Commission was au
thorized to adopt a new form of cer
titicate for employment agencies.
The board deferred action for one
week on the , proposed repeal of the
existing ordinance permitting betting
on dog races within the inclosure of
the coursing park. Supervisor Comte
opposed Eggers' motion for postpone
ment, which, however, prevailed by
the following vote: Ayes — Alpers,
Braunhart, ' Connor, Eggers, Hocks,
McClellan, Rea, Sanderson — 8; noes —
Booth, Brandenstein, Comte, Payot,
Boston, D'Ancona — 6.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print the amended ordinance
designed to secure convictions of per
sons selling pools outside of the race
track inclosure by making it unlaw
ful to bet on such races understood or
purported to be run. Action was
taken on the recommendation of Chief
of Police Wlttman, who said that it
was impossible to secure convictions
for selling pools on Eastern races, be
cause the Police .Judges' required evi
dence that the race was iv tua51v run -
Tlw ordinance prohibiting the shaking
of dice for monev in saloons, designed
to reach bunko men who fleece the un
wary by using: loaded dice and other
Honor Is Paid to Football Heroes
Ordinance Prohibiting Poolselling
Is Passed to Print
PLAYED FOR GOOD THING,
ENTRE NOUS LOSES RACE
STANFORD HOLDS
RALLY FOR TEAM
PILOTED BY TITZPATRICK, CLOGHE D'OR, 100 TO 1, IS FIRST AT EMERYVILLE
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVExMBER 15, 1904.
10
NAGGING i e
bm fc8l EjjjS HbU ¦bmSJP^IiV m
Newport News, Va., Jnly 22, 1903.
Last summer while recovering from ill-
ness of fever, I had a severe attack of
Inflammatory Rheumatism in the knees,
from which I was unable to leave my
room for several months. I was treated
by two doctors and also tried different
kinds of linaments and medicines which
seemed to relieve me from pain for
awhile, bnt at the same time I was not
any nearer getting well. One day while
reading a paper I saw an advertisement
of S. S. S. for Rheumatism. I decided
to give it a trials which I did at once.
After I had taken three bottles I felt a
great deal better, and I still continued
to take it regularly until I was entirely
cured. I now feel better than for years,
and I cheerfully recommend S. S. S. to
any one suffering from Rheumatism.
613 32d St. Chas. E. Gixdersi^svb.
Rheumatism is caused by uric acid or
some other acid poison in the blood,
which when deposited in the muscles
and joints, produce the sharp, cutting
pains and the stiffness and soreness pe-
culiar to this disease. S. S. S. goes di-
rectly into the circulation, all irrita-
ting substances are neutralized and
filtered out of the system, the blood is
made pure and the general health is
built up under the purifying and tonic
S,jc|k jfi** ejects of the vege-
w. ilk s? 1^ 726 - Ourphy-
RfcJf R^Jgjr who will write us
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
ADVKKT1SEMEXTS. -^^^^^-^-^
000C000O0O000C00OCO0OOOOO0OOO©eOO0OO9©OOG0«OO
I Men, S Want to Talk to I
I You About This Belt, f
% iM§^^\ * want to talk to men who have pains and §
O %£" sr» a aches, who feel run down physically, who re- q
• Y*i "^ f a M z c that the old "fire" and energy which was 0
>&.-^S- so ev^ cnt * n youth is absent now; men who O
O • xci&3i~ can 't stand the amount of exertion they could ©
® y\ sZ> years ago. I want you — O
S\n <\ft> //71 '* that means vou — to see ft
Yf/iEiifew / /$ what I have done for ?
o /\. \XK VY- ilH!*^ jtssl/ others who were just as g
© / >mXf bad off - That ' s ™y in - o
OJ troduction. If a friend in q
OS S§! W\\tV VfEsSsffl'tfflW whom you had confidence O
\ Presented some one to O
S \^*>M* * 1 Lfifflttu]^^^^ here's Brown; he has made O
2 \ *J ,r good with me. and I trust him," 2
q V -^-»^*^ wouldn't you trust him, too? q
© P '^^™P^Pr-* — • x *"^~ > Now, if you don't feel right, ©
O / '^-HfcjE^j'.'i^I-, -^ L — I can cure vou with mv Electric ©
© / —^_^ Belt. If you are full of rheu- •
a / <^^3^w4i' l i?»-^>^ matic pains. I can knock them 5
5 I i >^y^5?«fe' *^3FC*' — **-* out - * can p° ur °^ * nto your S
© lit i° ints and l^ber them up. I g
© In . r*''*\-*%."W% ?/y* v have often said that pain and q
9 r«l 'iiln\ tl^i$$W*&S&$i electricity can't live in the same Q
© [i» : i] 1 7i misiEa house, and I prove it every day. ©
O I *{§ I i /•if :| fK£^i8gil Mr - L - J - Barnett of Tlllamook. Or., ©
O 13 I ,/ < ¦ji'BWWrta write*: "Tour treatment certainly does Q
O ml j 'j wjilHrajBHt. what no other can, for It has cured me. Q
m 1 1 S3 1 '!! i|liaiwSHE« I cannot praise the Belt too highly, and a
q yja I! p rsrHgBflP* gladly recommend It In any case of vital 2£
Z. 1/1*^7 If it were not for the prejudice da* to 2
? HHfTTrT*n5$*ft9 tbe CTeat number of fakes in the laad x
Wllliu/flSplPs z would not n« able to handle tha bual- ' J
® illi I! tlllQSiMt ne«a that would come to mo. The "Freo 9
• :.; MI111 '*»«"», Belt" fraud and th* "Pr*e Drtur" achem*. G
d wfelcfc or* not free at all. have made every on* skeptical, but Z know taat ©
O Z hare a rood talasr, and 111 aaaxmer away until you know It. ®
• One thing every man ought, to know is this. Your body is a •
• machine. It runs by the steam in your blood and nerves. When, you •
T begin to break down in any way you are out of steam. That's just 5
what I want to give you back. q
O Z tave a cure in every town. Tell me where you lire and Z will rlT« ©
© you the Bini of a man Z've cured. -• I O
© Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can •
• cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I 5
"2 have been in this business 22 years, .and I am the biggest man in it q
2 to-day by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every man , 9
S all he pays for. . ©
0 Now, wouldn t vou rather wear my life-giving appliance while ©
© you sleep every nicht. and feel its glowing warmth pouring into you •
© and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application, •
© than to clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely: 9
SJ Try me. q
" Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatras, Cal.. writes: "I am cured of all my Z
® former ailments, and you have my heartfelt gratitude for what your Jf
O treatment has done for me." w
• If you will come and see me I'll explain it to you. Jf you can't 5
® call let me send you my book, full 01 the things a man finds inspir- 5
£ ine to strength and courage. Free if you %end this ad. • . O
© UK. M- V/» mCl-**«-'* allLI1^» SAK rHANCZSCO. OAI.. q
r Office Hours— 8 a. m. to «t p. m.: Sundays. 19 to 1. A
fl ¦ ' .^_— . — —.—. — _ _. . *™ARRIVED.
Sunday. November 13.
Schr Jennie i Griffin. Gibson, 3 hours from
Botinas. - •-•": • •
Monday. November H. .
i; B stmr Hugh McCulloch. Rogers. 40 hours
from San Pedro.
Stmr Aztec Frazier. 23 days from Mail.
. ASKS SPECIAL LETTERS.— Charlotte A
Moore yesterday petitioned for special letters
of administration upon the estate of Arthur
TV. Moore, a stock broker,' who died November
6. The stocks and bonds belonging to his cus
tomers are in a box at the California Sa/e De
posit vaults- and cannot be removed without
an order of court.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlc*. U. 8. K., M*r.
chants' Exchange. Ean Francisco Cal.,
November 14 1901.
The Time Ball failed to-day.
J. C. BURNETT. *
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of ths
Superintend eat.
NOTE — Th* high and low waters occur at
the city froat <Mission-»treet wharf) about 28
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. KOVEMBER 15.
gun rises '. *:51
Sun ceta 4:63
Moon sets 0:00 «-. m.
-3 ;Tln;e ITlme Time (Time!
p | rt. | Ft- Ft. 1 Ft.
» [H w| II w h w |lwi
15 6:?7 4.s: 12:17 2.9 5:*7 S.» 11:58 1.2
ie 7:09 6.0 1:15 2.5 7:00 3.8 ....
L. W H XV Li W H W
17 0:52 l.el 7:51 5.2 2:00 2.0 8:C5 3.8
IS 1:36 1.71 8:251 5.1 2:171 l.fl 8:59! 4.0
19 2:16 2.1! 9:00i 5.3! 3:17 1.0| 9:S2| 4.1
NOTE — la the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are {riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time coPuon gives the last tide of th*
tfay. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. Tbe heights given ar* la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The planetof reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The application of Isabella Wass,
widow of Dyson D. Wass. for a par
tial distribution of his J 160.000 'estate
was granted in part and postponed in
part by Judge Murasky yesterday. The
widow receives 250 shares of gas and
electric company stock and five of
the ten $1000- bonds of the North
Shore Railroad owned by the estate
Her attorney, T. C. Van Ness, gets
$4500 for his services. The distribu
tion was opposed by D. C. de- Golia
and Curtis Hilyer. both acting for
Frederick Wass, the brother, an "in
competent. His application for'res
toration to competency will be heard
to-morrow. - ~.. : ¦:¦¦-. , - .
Wass Estate Distribution.
San, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. | Destination. I Satis.
Eanta Ana... Seldorla A Way Ports. ; Nov 16
City Seattle.. Ekagway A Way Ports.lNov. 16
Jefferson Skarway A Way Ports. [Nov. 18
Farallon Ekagway A Way Ports. |Xov. 1»
Former * Governor James H. Budd
appeared for the defendant, who had
been arrested for being* unlawfully In
the country. The Government , was
represented . by . the United States
District ' Attorney and Lymani-.A:
Mowrj'- The defendant has discarded
the . aueue - and dresses in American
style.
Whether Ow Tung Deen, alias Tong;
Yang, is a merchant or a laborer un
der the meaning of the Chinese ex
clusion act is the problem upon which
United States Commissioner Heacock
is working. The whole of yesterday's
session was consumed In the examina
tion of witnesses upon this point. It
¦waa admitted that Ow held a $1500
Interest In a mercantile business on
Jackson street when he . went, to
China. Some white witnesses testi
fied that after his return they had
seen, him picking shrimps in a new
shrimp company and performing
other manual labor. Others testified
that they had known him' as a part
ner In the business tor thirteen or
fourteen years. '
Former Governor Badd Contends That
He Is a Merchant and Entitled
to Remain Here. "^
O\V YUXG DEE.V OX
TRIAL FOR DEPORTATION
FROM SEATTLE.
The German steamer Ammon of the Kos
rao» line sailed jfcsterday for Hamburg and
way portt with a general merchaadise cargo
ladea tt thU port and consigned principally
to the ports cf call on the west coast of !
ESSE.* 1 * Bou } b Amtr »ca. Tl!« cargo, which '
included some large shipments to European
S^iJS?* vt g ui » mx S73 -'- 6 - to ta a»«rtfcSTt"
7L. i^Vrt F °r M<>xlto - *«S0; Central Araer
lc *" »J«-42fl; Ecusador. $3512- Pfrti ti'.iu
¥£%"*?' c*»«r. # s»!H«:Hou2S. 1 ia»:
m V^ ZV*^* PrtnclPW exports:
mine. *c* pkss potatoes. 10 crU onions 40
a=d bacon, ifi P k^, paste q^j lhg tpio^ 21g
,^! tfl *r J r^** «ro«'riefi and provisions. UCO
lb« raisins. 3fe sJcg? fresh fruit*. 25 cs 1 bbl
-f« Or .wf r *. , raln^ r » I water. 29,«37 feet lumber.
TOW lbs tallow. 13 cs arms and ajotnunitlon.
• cs <5rur». «) «¦« coal oil. 12 bales bar«. S
os tmocs and shnes, 7 cof\* roi>e 25 pkgs
pttcts acd oils, 137 pes 1» bdls pip*. 49 tkrt '
Tbe bark R. P. Rithet wa* cleared yester
day for Honolulu with an assorted cargo
valned at *O 7C2 ar.d Including the following:
iSh bblm Soar, 22<J cUs wheat. 6763 etls bar
l*y. 7 ctis osua, ©4 ctls corn. U.832 lbs mld
c:ir c«, 291S bales hay, 10.333 lbs bran, 9152
iba meals, 20.000 lbs ealt. 40O4 lbs bean*.
23.400 lbs rice, 43M gals ••in*. 210 cs assorted
canned roode. 224-5 lb* dried fruit. 2975 lbs
net*. 3« pkgs pazte, 7&3 lbs hams. 20 cs table
preparations, 712 rals vinegar. tfuO lbs coff»*.
«U0 lbs .tea. 4<JO0 »k» 700 bb!s cement, 90S
p'*rs paints and oils. 127 pkgs tank material,
t*S5» lbs soda, 1017 lbs alum, 10 bbls tar,
2a rkps macticery, £20 cs 50 kegi blasting
20 cs blartlng fuse. 100.(*X> lbt fertll
»tT, 234 pkgs mlllwork. 23 calls rcpe, 123 bxs
»oap. 6 cs bo^t* and shoe*. 100 Mis shingles,
C30<» gal, dlrttiiat*. 123 cr ga*ollne. 2» pkri
paper. 3 bdls brooms, 100 bbls lime.
Kxports by the Kosmos I.fner.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The Fmcfc bark Marraerit« DoQfus is char
tered for wheax from this port to dltop« at
22s fi; German steamer Germanicus. genera!
merchandise from Seattle to Japan and China:
British rteamer Quito, rails from Puret Sound
to Japan ¦ schooner T. S. Redfleld. lumber from
Puget Bound to Topolobajnpo, Mexioo.
(,120th Meridian— Padfla Tlm^)
EAX FRXNCISCO. Not. 14— B p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for tn» previous day:
Boston ¦. «N*ew Tork
th!ca«o 40-84 Philadelphia
Cincinnati 45-84 Pittsburg 46-34
Honolulu. H. I... 80-72 St. Louis 44-33
Jacksonville — — Washington
New Orleans ¦
SJiS FRA*f CISCO 62-53
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall la the last twenty
four hours:
• Last This Last
Stations — 0 24 Hours. Season. Eeason.
Eureka 88 «.O7 6.70
Red Bluff Trace ».X3 2.67
Sacramento CO 6.50 1.69
San Francisco 00 ' 7.53 1.67
Fresno 00 5.04 0.09
Independence 00 0.47 0.42
Ean Luis Obispo 00 4.69 0.08
Los Ar.«.:e» 00 1.13 0.43
San Diego 00 0.18 0.07
* THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. I |||iSf |* |
; il r ;, f
Baker 29.S8 48 83 SB Cloudy T.
Carscn 29. SS 62 26 SW Cloudr .00
Eureka 29.62 64 56 S Cloudy .38
Fresno 29. W8 68 44 SE Cloudy JX)
BE. Farallon..28.&0 60 58 8 Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 80.12 58 18 3 Clear .00
Pocatello 80.03 68 13 E Cloudy .00
Independence 29.95 60 38 8 Cloudy .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 00 72 60 SW Cloudy .00
M. Taroalpaie.29.00 49 49 8 Foggy .00
North Head.. 29. 46 6« 53 SB Cloudy .28
Phoinlx 29.89 75 86 E Clear .00
Pt. R. Light.. 29. SI 60 54 SE Cloudy .00
Portland 29.60 54 46 SB Rain .26
Red Bluff 29. S4 63 48 SB Cloudy T.
Roseburg 29.80 6t 48 , E Rain .32
Sacramento ..29.90 60 46 ; SE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.08 62 28 NW Clear .00
fan Franclico.29.92 62 62 8 Cloudy .00
R. L. Obispo.. 30.02 66 38 NTV Cloudy .00
Ban Diego 29.93 e6 4S MT Clear .00
Seattle 23. 5S 52 46 EE Cloudy .34
Spokane 29. SO 64 36 Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29.40 64 ,. 8E Cloudy .38
"Walla Walla. 29. 72 <W 82 8E Cloudy T.
Winnemucca .29.94 62 20 NE Cloudy .00
Turaa 29.96 78 40 NB Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
S. i; FORECAST.
The storm has moved rapidly southeastward,
and Is now central off the Washington coast.
Rain has fallen from Eureka and the upper
Sacramento Valley northward.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the Pa
cific Slope.
High southeast winds are reported from the
Golden Gate northward along the coast. The
following are the maximum wind velocities:
Farallon Island, 30 miles per hour from the
couth; Point Reyes, 45 southeast; Eureka, 32
southeast, and North Head, 44 southeast.
Ths rain will probably extend southward
Into .the northern portion or Southern Califor
nia by Tuesday night.
Forecast mad* at Sao Francisco fcr thirty
hours ending midnight, November 15:
Northern California — Rain Tuesday; brisk
to high southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday, prob
ably rain in northern portion; fresh southwest
wind.
Nevada — Rain or snow Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Rain Tuesday;
brisk to high southeast wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy, probably
showers Tuesday; light southwest wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Rain Tuesday.
F>esno and vicinity — Showers Tuesday. ¦ "',:¦ t
O. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster, •
Temporarily In Charge.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Snipping Merchants.
Tha ltench berk Oe&aral de Kerrler vu
elaared yesterday for Hull, Er.tr '.and. with
M.«*« ctl, barley -rslued at fTO.000 and S960
ctls wfc«at ralued at 113.000. The vessel aJso
carrted 24,009 feet of lumber as ducsare ralued
at SSSO.
2TEWS OF TH K OCEAX.
Prunes for European Market.
Tba Eotr.ci liner Ajsmon. which aai!*d yes
terday (or Hamburg, carried a. Urra chlpnveat
of O.SftnTiia pruaea for th» E>arope&n market.
O. r. X>lr»»s, a T»-yeax-ola fanaer. rlatUn«
ta tin* city, fainted reeterlay on Roward
street wharf asd fell Into the bay. Re was
afterward eared for at tha Harbor Hospital.
Aged Fnrcnrr Fnlls Orertxwatl.
BRICK BROKE Hid SKULJ ilich*«i
Briinan yesterday' sued Rlley St Hock, build*
era aa<i contractor*, for $10.5.V> damages r»a
cati5e his *kull was fractured by \ brick fall
in? from a scaffolding on a building which t?>«
firm was constructlns. The accident occurred
P«>ptomr*r 14.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee j
has decided that it will not countenance j
frame buildings for tlrehouses. The |
announcement was made during con- |
sideration of the request of the Fire
Committee that $4000 be set.. aside in
the next budget to build an addition |
to the fire engine-house on Twentieth |
street, near Connecticut. The sum of
$4000 is to be expended at once for a
wooden building. ¦ Chief Shaughnessy
said a brick building would cost tSfOOQL I
The committee thought the lot should j
be purchased by the city, It having j
been leased for the purpose. The Board j
of Works was then requested to flle
plans both for brick and wooden build
ings on the Twentieth street lot and
also on the site at Twenty-sixth and
Point Lobos avenues, on both of which
flrehouses are to be constructed. It i
is desired to ascertain the comparative !
cost of wooden and brick buildings.
The- Finance Committee postponed
consideration of the street sweeping
and sprinkling bills until January next.
Expert Williams filed a report showing
that in July the sum of 521,844 92 was
expended, in August $22,667 37, and in j
September $19,264 17. The committee i
will also investigate as to whether it
shall audit demands for wages for this
service. v . * » c
The recommendation of the commit
tee that the ordinance submitted by
the Merchants' Association regulating
the safe operation of sidewalk elevators
be passed to print was ratified by the !
board. The ordinance was amended to :
provide that before the j elevator doors
or gratings are opened removable metal
guards consisting of four metal posts,
three feet in height shall be inserted
In sockets in the sidewalks at the four
corners of such -doors, connected by
chains or bars so that all sides of the
openings shall be guarded except the
side next to the curb
. Tax Collector Smith urged the-com
mittee to adopt a resolution to mark
excess taxes on unsecured personal
property Involving the payment of less j
than 2 cents as paid on the assessment
books. Smith explained that " the taxes j
were collected under the old rate of |
1903, whereas the rate for 1904 was 1.8:
cents more. It would necessitate send- '
ing notices to x 25.000 householders who !
would owe the city less than 2 centa. i
and the expense of collection would
be more than the sum of $S"502 to be col- i
lected. The committee was favorable i
to the plan but postponed action for
one week.
B. Hayes was cited to appear next
Monday to explain his bill of $330 for;
moving sixteen voting machines.
The committee sent a letter to Au
ditor Baehr asking him If he intends
to appeal the case of the health em
ployes who recovered Judgments
against the city. ¦
' The petition of F. D. Jones for a
Roc sii Weather for Aztec
The PaciSe tUtl Ccsspacr*e freighter Artec
wt2ca arrived reeterday. twenty-three days
fro-r. K=", e=cour.tere4 eonifheeiTfrly gaJee
throughout the passage. Ebm brought 4350
tecs of ooeJ.
Supervisors Announce Defi
nite Policy Against Any
More Wooden Structures
The vessels en th* oveKce list are a.qott<3
for reissursxse as follows: German ship
Elresat 83 per eest; British ship Troop. 33 per
cect: Horwcxlas berk Klnn. 40 per cent, and
'•t_''an fsip Eheair, C par oect.
Ttie OTerdue list.
The members of the Board of Pub
lic Works will within the next few
days make a thorough inspection oj
the local theaters to see that the flr«
ordinances are being fully compiled
with. This is an indirect result ol
the work of the Grand Jury in <iuea
tioning' the Commissioners regardinj
the protection given the public. It il
said that some of the smaller show*
houses have not complied with thi
reflations. and Commission*?!
Schmitz announces that the permit!
of any found to be breaking the la-sa
will be revoked at nnce.
To Inspect Theaters.
ENGINE-HOUSES
TO BE OF BRICK
permit to bufld a spur track on Har
rison street, between Nineteenth and
Twentieth, was referred to the Street
Committee.
Captain Frank E. BeadneU is on his way
from England to this port to tak» oomnsLSd
of the Occidental and Oriental Bteatashlp
Ccmpany** i:cst Coptic. Captain Bea£se!l was
t'-rmerly chief clioer of the Coptic. He was
la conairJ cf the liner during- the Interval
between the time Captain Hinder resigned and
the arrival here of Captain Armstrong, whose
recent death la Yokohama has cum more
created a vacarcy <_:. th» "kid" ship, as the
Coptic has b*"en known during her service out
bere. Captain Oead^eU Is one cf the roundest
fJciX-pert in the White Star service and has
won bis promotion demotntratlRs; his capacity
for acazarA a&fl showing bis ability to fill
the ezactir.g requirements of the highest rank
fci the merchant marine with dignity and
¦km.
Beadnell to Command Coptic
Weather Report.
Steamer, j From. j Due.
' Wyefleld j Oyster Harbor .Nov. IS ,'
' Montara .' Seattle - Nov. LB i
Porno Point Arena A Albion. Nov. 15 j
Aiameda Honolulu Nov. 13 !
G. W. Elder. . Portland 4 Astoria Nov. II
Cocs Bay ! San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 18 i
Aurella { Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 18 ,
Pomona ' Humboldt Nov. 10 •
Tltasla i Oyster Harbor jNov. IT ;
Del Nort« i Crescent City |Nov. 17
i Centraiia Ean Pedro Nov. 17 I
Eureka j Humboldt Nov. 17 j
MaripoM i Tahiti JNov. 17 ¦
Queen i Pug«t Board Ports 'Nov. 17 !
Point Arena, .j Mendodno 4 Ft. Arena|Nev. 17 j
I Eanta Rosa.. ! San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 17
I Argo I Eel River Ports Nov. 17
Breakwater..! Coos Bay Nov. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 17
Coronado ! Grays Harbor (Nov. 17
Peru < New York via Anoon.JNov. IS
9an Pedro... ' Humboldt JNov. 19 !
Ellaabeth : Coquille River Hot. 19 J
Chehalls San Pedro 'Nov. 18 '
Jeanie ' S*aul<? ft Taeorr.a .... Nov. ;9 ;
Corona Humboldt [Nov. 19 ;
G. Ltnflauer. .; Grays Harbo- [Nor. 20 ;
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. INov. 20 .
Fa.rcr.ia • Hamburg * Way Pts. i Nov. 20 I
Mene« I Hamburg & Way PU.INov. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria iNov. 20 j
Arctlo J Humboldt 'Nov. 20
Sequoia j Willapa Harb* .Nov. 21
Sonoma. I Pydn^r & Way Ports. 'Nov. 21
State of Cal-- Ban Diego & Way Pts. [Nov. 21
NortU ><5*tc. i Humboldt Nov. 21 ]
Newbcrg.....! Grays Harbor 'Nov. 21
City Pucbla..i Puget Sound Ports 'Nov. 2t
Rainier ; Seattle *; Everett [Nov. 22
San Juan.... '¦ New York via Ancon..jKov. 23
ATl:arce ! Portland 4 Way Ports. 'Nov. 23
Northland....' Astoria & Portland [Nov. 23
TO SAIL.
Stetuaer. Destination. ! Sails.! Pier.
IToveraber IS. !
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p; Pier 9
Boclta (Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Callfornlan.i New York direct j Pier 20
Alliance Eureka 4 Coos B. 5 pm Pier 18
November 16. i
Arctic Humboldt 8 am|Pler 2
UmatlHa... Puget Sound Ports. V am Pier 11
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm'Pier 20
N. Fork ! Humboldt » amJPler 20
Samoa, ; Los Angeles ports.;12 miPier S
Ifov ember 17. ;'
Redondo... J Astoria 4 Portland 1 pmjPier 2
Centraiia. . .i Grays Harbor 4 pmiPler 10
Porno ! Pt Arena 4 Albion 6 pm;Pler 2
Stataof Cal San Diego 4 Way.) 9 am Pier 11
I xrovemoer 18. j
Pomona Humboldt l:S0p:Pier 0
G. W. Elder) Astoria 4 Portlandjll amiPier 34
ChchaUs... i Grays Harbor 3 pmjPler 2
San Pedro. .' Humboldt 1 4 pmlPier 3
Kovember 19. I |
Arcata j Coos B. 4 Pt. Orfd;l2 m|Pler 13
Breakwater; Coos Bay direct... 5 pm'Pier 8
Argo I Eel River Ports . . 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena! Point Arena 4 pmjPier 2
Coos Bay...) San Pedro 4 Way. 9 amjPltr 11
Alameda. .. I Honolulu 11 am. Pier 7
Cy. Panama N. Y. via Ancon..l2 mjPler 10
Aurelia Aatorla 4 Portland 4 pm Pies 27
Eureka 'Humboldt 12 mfPler IS
Manchuria.! China 4 Japan.... 1 pm'Pier 40
Elizabeth.. Ccxjuillo River 5 pm.'Pler 20
November 20. I
g. Rosa ' Fan Diego 4 Way. 0 am'Pier II
November 21. I "
P. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Queen Puget Sound Porta. 11 am'Pier 9
Kovember 22. ) -
Ceronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm-Pler 10
; November 23. !
Colombia. . Astoria 4 Portland 11 anvPler 23
I Ifovember 24. I I
Jeanie \ Seattle & Tacoma.j 5 pmiPier 20
LITTLE SCHOONER WESTERN
HOME. WHICH WENT ASHORE
ON COQUILLS RTVER. BAR.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
nails and spikes, 6 pkgs machinery. 02 bdls j
24 bars iron. 13 bdls 1 DC eteeL
To Central America — 1C12 bbls flour, 1000 ;
lbs rice. 2 cs whisky, 17 cs canned goods. I
pkgs fresh fruits. 30 pkgs potatoes, 10 pk*»
groceries and prcvislost, 24.CS1 ft lumber, .
30 carboys acid, 750 Its soda, 400 pes sewer
pipe. CO cs coal oil, 30.000 lbs cement. 15 pkirs ¦
rails f.-d spikes. IS bd!* wir*. lf>0 rails. 29
Cs »ar. 14 bc!a iron, 33 pkgs paints and oils, j
6 pkgs electrical goods, 2-5 pkrs machinery. |
37 bars steel. 11 bbla lubricating oil.
To Ecuadoi- — 500 bbls flour. 40 cs salmon.
9235 ft lumber, 165 colls rope.
To Peru— 24C0 Its malt, 30 cs whisky. 44 j
cs canned goods. 10 cs salmon, 4 bdls brooms, j
1 c B leather.
To Chile — 2«30 cs canned salmon. 23,250 1b* •
malt. 1U33 lbs dried fish.
To Germaxy— 2,196.415 lbs drtei prunes, <
4«.r,«) its cascara sajrada, 10 cs canned fruit, ,
33.000 lbs apricot kernels, 78,021 lbs old metal. |
? To Hollaed — SCO cs canned fruit.
Etmr Grace Dollar. Otsen, 87 hours from.
Redondot
Stmr Banta Barbara, Zaddart, S3 hours fra
Ean Pedro. # '
Stmr Redondo. Krcgr. 53 hours from Astoria,
Stmr Eanta Monica, Olsen, 83 hours' from
Grays Harbor, bound eouth; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Central la, Ericsson, 89 hours from
Ean Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Xicolson. 42 hour*
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Brooklyn. Carlson. 48 hours from Eaa
Diego.
Stmr Alliance, Haxdwlck. 9 day* from Port
land, via Eureka 23 hours. **~
fcimr Gipsy. Gray, 28 hours from Mont ere/.
Bktn Arago. Semsen, IS days from South
Bend.
Schr Vina. Moe. 12 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Monday, November 14.
Stmr Bonlta, Preble. San Podro and yray
ports; Pao Coast S S Cot
Br stmr Wellington. Cutler. Ladyarnlth, B
C; Western Fuel Co.
Br ehlp Galgate. Griffiths, Sydney; J /
Moore & Co.
Ft bark General de NegTUr. Denis, Hull; R
Leibman A. Co.
Fr bark Versaillee. 1 Cortex, Cape Morten,
Aui; Frederick Henry. ; £ j „
SAILED.**
Sunday, November 18.
Btrnr Homer. Donaldson, Grays Harbor.
- Monday, November .14.
Stmr Eanta Monica, Olsen. San Pedro.
Stmr Empire Burtis. Cooa Bay.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr James S Hlgglns, Hlgglns. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Chlco, Martin. Bandon,
Ger stmr Ammon. Jorgenson, Hamburg and
way ports.
Sch r Bessie K. Stark. San Vicente Landing. '
Schr Henry "Wilson, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
RETURNED. •
Monday. November 14.
Schr Bessie K. Stark, on account of strona*
KB gale. v 
>> TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Xov 14. 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind EE; velocity 84 mllea per hour.
SPOKEN.
Ptr bktn Arago — Nov 5. lit 40 15 N, Ions;
125 14 W bktn John C Meyer, from Everett
for San Pedro.
CORRECTION.
The reported arrival of the bark Kaiulan] at
Honolulu Nov 10 is an error.
MEMORANDUM.
Per etmr Aztec — Had SB gales throughout
passage.
MISCELLANEOUS.
COOS BAT. Nov 14 — Schr Western Home,
hence Nov 5, while sailing over Coquille River
bar yesterday struck on North Spit, near
lighthouse; high and dry at low tide.
DOMESTIC' PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 14 — Stmr City 'of
Puebla. hence Nov 11; stmr Rainier, henoe
Nov 11. Nov 13 — Stmr Jeanie, hence Nov 9.
Sailed Nov 14 — Stmr Queen, for San Fran-
CJ8CO. •
EVERETT— Arrived Nov 14 — Schr Mawee
ma. from Ean Diego.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 13 — Schr Beulah,
from San Pedro; schr HonoCpu, from • Santa
Barbara. Nov 14— Stmr Northland, hence
Nov 11.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Nov 14 — Stmr Se
quoia, hence Nov 11.
COOS BAY — Arrived Nov 14 — Stmr Break
water, hence Nov 12; stmr Arcata hen<-o
Nov 12.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr Celia he
Nov 11; schr Dora Bluhm. from San Pedro
Arrived Nov 14 — Stmr Noyo. hence Nov 13;
stmr Pasadena, hence Nov 13.
Sailed Nov 14-^Stmr Acme, for Ean Fran-
Cisco.
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Nov 14-^-Br
ship Port Caledonia, hence Nov 1
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Nov 14— Schr
H D Bendlxsen. hence Oct 26. '
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed Nov 14 Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Diego.
BANDON — Arrived Nov 14 — Stmr Elizabeth
hence Nov 12. .
HOQUIAM— Arrived Nov 13— Schr Fred J
Wood, from Guaymae.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 13— Schr
Transit, hence Nov 5. Nov 14— Stmr G C
Lindauer. hence Nov 11; schr E K Wood from
San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 14— Schr C A Thayer. for San
I*earo.
NEWPORT BEACH— Sailed Nov 14— Schr
Lottie Carson, for Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Che
halis. hence Nov li; Nov H-Stmr Cooa Bay
hence Nov 11. *
Sailed Nov 14— Stmrs Coos Bay and West
port, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 14— Fr bark
for'— Adelalde: MollJe Reed.
FOREIGN PORTS
Grt^rbor 3 *^ |£ XZ ~ Brig Lurlln *- «>*
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK-Arrived Nov 14-Stmr Jleno.
mlnee, from London. " eno
Ne^P York7 AlT!Ved X ° V 1 *~ Stme fm
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Nov 14— stmr X'a!«...
WHhelm II. from New York . Kaiser
V,\ A. Boole * Sens are building a 123-ton
gasoline schooner for the Otrcaa GoTwrcmenu
The vessel Is fcr serric* la the South Seas,
where it will be used as a police boat In the
p> ru <rf the Kaiser's tropical possessions. The
fcctcor.er will be 106 feel long and, although
equipped with a 1S5 horsepower gasoline en
«r!ne. will r>e heavtiy eparred and have wlng»
'.arpe enough to insure independence of aux
iliary pewer. Ccmir. odious officers' quarters
will be provided la the after end of the boat
i- ¦ ¦- • ¦•.» ft* " usually aet apart for cargo will
be fittr-d for the use of the native DOllee.
The buliaisr is cow well under way and the
vessel will be comEleted fcy th« end of the
year.
Police Boat for South Seas
Tiiree sailors from the schooner Vine, snon
after her arrival yesterday from Eureka, en
ttrei a comslaint at the office of the Charles
Nelson Ct>s:j*By. owners of the vessel, t?«:r.st
¦'attain Moe. the Vines commander. They
chargtd the skipper with having navigated his
¦ -*¦ . in a recklasa n.t-.r.er and accused him
oC beiiac under the influence cf liquor, ccn
s-=:e<i la the form of straight alcohol, through
out the passage. An olncial from the com
{.ary boarded the vesaei and after a strict in
veetisation repcrted the charges ag&inst Cap
tain Moe m-tthout foundation. The Vir.e's
rr.are Uft the vessel Just before she sailed.
Had. .:.:..• to get another. Captain Moe had
nobody to share the responsibility of hanJiin*
the vessel.
"We are not ocly satisfied that there is
ccthln* ir. th? charge* preferred against Cap
rain Mof," said James Tyson, rice president
r-i the Charles Nelson Comt>aay, yesterday.
"but we are well pleased wr.h n_» management
DC a filfS'-uit tatk. The Vine made a splendid
trip, arrived here In good condition and her
f£.j>ers and Captain Moe's present appearance
rstlsfj- us that he has In no way abused the
ecKftdence we r»po»e in hlaa." Ca.se dismissed.
Captain Is Exonerated.
City Attorney Long filed a list of
some thirty-five taxpayers who have
obtained judgments in various
amounts on protested taxes and au
thority was granted him to confess the
judgments.
The petition of Ben F. Rector that
notices of sale by the State for delin
quent taxes be printed in the official
paper instead of in a newspaper of
restricted circulation was referred to
the Printing Committee.
The City Attorney was requested to
advise if the city should waive appeal
from a judgment rendered against it
involving the' width of Fifteenth ave
nue north of the-park: also if the city
should abandon the right to Shipley
street, from Elizabeth place to Ritch
street, as a public street.
The Board of Works was directed to
light the City Hall dome for five
nights during the convention of the
American Federation of Labor.
The board adopted a resolution di
recting the Spring Valley Water Com
pany to place water mains in Pine
street, between Taylor and Mason,
and in North Stanyan street, between
Fulton and McAllister, together with
connecting hydrants. The resolution
is designed to. test the power of the
Supervisors to compel the corporation
to furnish better fire protection, it
having refused to comply with such
requests In the past.
The petition of the St. Mary's
Square Association that" the monthly
revenue of $500 on $77,250 worth of
property acquired for' St. Mary's
square be applied to the fund for the
-improvement was referred to the Fin
ance Committee. Similar action was
taken on the claim of J. E. Sullivan
for $250 damages sustained by falling
into a trench on Valencia street..
The ordinance prohibiting the dis
tribution of circulars and handbills by
prohibiting the delivery on the street*
and at doors of houses of obscene
pamphlets or printed matter relating
to Improper medical remedies or de
vices "was passed to print.
ASKS FOR WATER 3LAIXS.
The ordinance regulating the sani
tary condition of barber-shops and
providing rules and regulations for
the handling of barbers' tools was
passed to print. It • was explained
that the Inspection of shops would
be carried., out^by the health officials.
The roadwayVof, Filbert street, 1 , be
tween Laguna and Buchanan; Clem
ent street, between Eighth and Ninth
avenues; Bowie avenue, near Eleventh
street; Fair Oaks street, * t between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, and
Clement street, between Sixth and
Seventh avenues were fully accepted.
The Mayor was authorized to sell
at public auction a lot of old scrap
Iron stored in the corporation yard.
The Bay Shore Water Company was
granted a permit to erect a 12.000-gal
lon oil tank near the Six-mile House.
Th© board accepted a deed from the
Pope Estate Company to lands for
the opening of Shrader and Cole
streets, from Grattan street to Alma
avenue.
The ordinance changing and es
tablishing grades at certain points on
Seventh. Mississippi. Seventeenth,
Mariposa, Pennsylvania avenue,
Twonty-second, Twenty-third, Iowa
and Army streets; Q street South,
and Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh,
Eighth, , Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh,
Twelfth, Thirteenth. Fourteenth and
Fifteenth avenues South, was passed
to print.
The board ¦ ordered street, -work on
Sacramento street, between Spruce
and Maple; Castro street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first; Crescent
avenue, between Mission street and
Andover avenue: Eleventh avenue,
between E and M streets: Army
street, between Guerrero and Dolores;
Hugo street, between Second and
Third- avenues; Clement street, be
tween First and Second avenues; and
on Miguel, Chenery, Laidley, Natick,
Arlington, Roanoake and Mateo
streets.
GRADES ARE CHANGED.
The ordinances ordering the widen
ing and repaving of Fourth street, be
tween Market and Howard, at a cost
of $17,500, and also the paving of
the northerly half of H street, from
Seventh to Twentieth avenues, at an
estimated cost of $35,000, were finally
passed.
The following ordinances were
finally passed:
Ordering the construction of a ba
salt block driveway, a fence and a
bituminous rock pavement at the
election booth on Eighteenth street.
Abolishing the sidewalk width on
the southerly side of Fulton street,
from Sixth avenue to the Great High
way.
-
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
considered the report of the Finance
Committee to the effect that It had
refused to audit the August demands
of the F. M. Torke Company, aggre
gating $6000, for repairs to bitumin
ous streets, on the alleged ground
that the amount of work charged for
had not been performed.
Inspector Boone and Assistant City
Engineer Morser gave evidence fav
crable to thfi company, but the board
formally rejected the demand as a
basis o* a court suit to determine the
matter. : V -
The litt!? schooner Western Home,
•which, thirty years ago. slid from the
ways of. a Maine shipbuilding yard and
ever yince hts b*en in active commis
5ion, is non- cradled high and dry on
the r.orth spit of the Coquille River bar.
She went ashore Sunday evening
while attempting to sail in from sea.
Captain Weber, his wife and the
schooner' 5 crew reached Coos Bay in
safety. The Western Home was re
ported high and drv at low tide and in
the event ol heavy weather may be
t ome a total loss.
The schoon^i- left this port Novem
ber 5 for Coos B.iy and was nearly at
her destination when disaster befell
her. Small but trim and stout, the
Western Home *as one of the best
known vessels engaged in the coast
trade. She was built in Maine in 1S74.
She was registered at 128 tons net,
was S6.5 feet long. 29 feet in beam
and 7.9 feet deep. D. Steffens of this
city is her owner.
Falling Tide Leaves the
Scfiooner High
and Dry,'
Ordinance Prohibiting Dis
tribution of Obscene Lit
erature Passed to Print
HANDBILLS UNDER BAN
Little Vessel Will Prob
ab]? Bo a Total
Loss,
Supervisors Formally Ap
prove of Finance Commit
tee's Unfavorable Beport
WESTERN HOME GOES ASHORE
ON BAR COQUILLE RIVER
BOARD REJECTS
YORKE'S BILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1904
Charters.
11
ADVERTISaXENTS;
Are You Thinking
of the ecld. nasty, disagreeable WEATHER
THAT'S COMING, wh-n Jupiter Pluvlus
commences to get- In his work this
Coming Winter
"While It'w tru» that the temperature Is In
this vicinity ideal now,,
BUT ! !
in about 30 or- 40 days it will be COLD!
IT WILL RAIN
We want -to keep your hou«? and ofSee
WARM thia winter. We Art it with
GASTEAM RADIATORS
f They do th« work, keep yon nra. Don't
wait till it's cold before you order one to
a dozen of these Radiators.
DO IT NOW
r Here's the Idea: A regular PTEAM
Radiator using *a» for fuel. N'O COAU.
WOOD OR ASHES to bother your wife—
that" helps seme.
<¦ Write for particulars or CALX. AND SEC
THE GASTEAM ia operation at oar sales-
rooms (he4tir.fr department In baaement>:>
but If ycu haven't tins to do that, phone-
us and we will send our Gasteam man to
call on you with full Jnfarmation.
PEIVATE EXCHANGE 8.
SAN FRANCISCO CAS AMD
ELECTRIC COMPANY
HEATTKO D2PAETMIHT
-4-15 POST STREET
One of San Francisco's Best-Known
Business Men Tells of the Cure
of His Wife and Himself -by the
Wonderful New ::::::
LiuullU"ull(jllHb 3 IddllilGliia
MS. A2TD SUES. J. A. CHRISTEN.
1427 Valencia St.. San Praaciaco.
Mr. J. A. Christen, who, ia the testimonial below, tells of fhe cor* of him-
¦elf and Mm wife toy the Electro-Chemlc treatment, is one of the bwt-knowa
business men in San Francisco. The Christen Banch Dairy is known all over
the city for th© hijrh duality of tha milk served to the dairy's customer!. Mr.
Christen and his sons are the sole owners of this most successful business. Mr.
Christen has been a resident of San Francisco for thirty-six years. For six
years lie has lived with his family at XTo. 1427 Valencia street. His ranch Is
situated in San Mateo County, one mile from Colma Station. It Is testimonials
of ¦well-known people 'who live riarht her* in San Francisco that has oroniras
attention of the public in ereneral to th* wonderful curative effects of the Eleo-
tro-Chemio treatment.
In speaking of tl^ cure of his wife and himself Mr. Christen said: "My old friend,
Jacob Bryaa, who for fourteen years was postmaster at Colma, k=ew that I felt badly
and he himself having Been so successfully treated at the Electro-Caemtc Institute. 119
Grant ave., San Francisco, advised me to tiy th9 Electro-Chemic treatment. ».« the med-
ical treatments which I had used were not reaching my trauble. So. on Mr. Bryan's
recommendation I visited th* Electro-Chemio Institute for "examination and consultation,
which was free. I was so pleased with the examination and advice given me that I did" not
hesitate to plac* the treatment of my case In the care of the Electro-Chemic specialists
at once. I am glad to say that my improvement was immediate, and in about five weeks
I was thoroughly cured at a small expense. My troubi* was bad circulation and con-
gestion of Important organs. . My stomach, liver, bowels and . kidneys wer*
in a bad condition. Thla interfered with the srer.eral circulation of the blood and I had
dizzy spells, so severs at times that I could hardly keep from falling, and In fact, at on»
time I did fall down and was unconscious for some little time. My wife was suffering
greatly with rheumatism and congested liver. The pain below th» liver was so sever*
that wo feared appendicitis. My.wlfa had good medical attention, but her trouble con-
tinued to grow worse In spite of all we could do. As I was getting along so nicely I
insisted upon my wife taking the Electro-Chemio course and we are both delighted to
say that within two weeks' time she was thoroughly cur i. all pa:n about tha appesdix
and liver disappearing, as If by magic. Her rheumatism, from which, sh« had suffered for
years, seems to be thoroughly cured in lust two weeks' treatment by Electro-Chemistry.
This seems so wonderful to me that I am more than delight ."d to make thla publle ac-
knowledgment of th« cure of my wlf* and myself. I do this for two reasons: First, be-
cause I feel grateful to the Electro-Chemlc Specialists, and secondly, because I believe that
the general public ought to know more about this wcnderfnl new treatment. I believe that
I am well enough known in a business way for any cne who may read this statement
to believe that every word of It is absolutely true.
<Sl«ned) J. A. CHniSTEN*, 1*27 Valencia st.. San Francisco.
CONSULTATION f^ T"\ f— * r^
EXAMINATION 1 II JLw 1—d
Any one suffering from any of the f ollowisar diseases is cordially invited to
call at the Electro-Chemlc Institute, 118 Grant avenue. San Francisco, for free
oonsultation * y " < examination. The Xlectro-Chemlo treatment is the most sci-
entific and the most successful treatment known for the cure of Consumption.
Catarrh. Asthma. Bronchitis. Rheumatism. NeoraTsrla, Locoaotor Ataxia. Fall-
in? Sickness. Epilepsy. Dizziness. Headaches. Spots before the Sves, Files, Fis-
sure. Fistula. Stricture, Frostatitls. Inflammation of the Bladder. Varloocele.
Verve Exhaustion, Cancers, Tumors, Ola Sores. Weak Heart. Palpitation. Short-
ness of Breath. Insomnia. Blood Foiscn. Skin Diseases. Eczema. Getter. Swollen
Joints. Weak Back. Sidney Diseases. Brixht's Disease. Diabetes. Special Dis-
eases of Women — Irregularities. Displacements. Congestion, etc.. etc.
HOME TREATMENT — The Electro-Chemio home treatment is meat successful. It 1*
always advisable, when the patient e«a arrange to do so, to visit- the institute for personal
consultation and examination. If this Is Impossible a short description of the principal
symptoms should be sent and full Instructions regarding home examination and treatment
will be promptly forwarded, free cf chargs.
The Electrd=Chemic Institute,
1 18 GRANT AVE., Cor. Post St., San Francisco.
Office Hours: 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to S p. m. dally. Sundays. 10 a. n. to 1 p. m.
Separate Apartments for Ladles and Gentlemen.THE SAN FRANCISCO '-CALL,. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
12
_T7SI™-SS CHATTCE S — Cont— .ned.
A— CAMERON _ CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquartera fcr all kind.* of business chances.
FOR sale— First. clgti bazaar: located in thriv-
ing location, city; fine" plateglass windows;
store fixture*: l«rg«» stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doir.if peed business: clearing $150 to
f'JOO »er month: trial given; established 17
years; one of bej?t propositions .in city; sick-
fl'.-ss; snap; price $3500.
FOR «.ale— Stationery, school supplies, dress
llntnps: well located: cheap rent; doing Rood
business; 3 UvtejC rooms: stock will invoice
mere than price ashed; sickness; price $1509.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy *!.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real state,
roorr'ng- houses and" business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St. ' .
FOR «ale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. ; cheax> rent; horaes and wagons, all
equipment*; Drfsent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
from ?C00 to 5&00 per month; trial given if
desired; cart down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR eale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot..':o_137 feet; all furnished; horse • and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk frcm de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars 1 ; snap; $10w.
CAMERON _ CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Well. furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; CD rooms; rent enly *160; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 00 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; ©resent owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON - CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Sever-] cood business propoeltlonn
for Investors, such as. first-class laundry. Ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotel*, restau-
rants and many other propo_ltions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
NEW Arkansas oil field— G. M. Bailey, MU-
sourl Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock,
Ark., can get you an oil leaae. trifling ex-
pense. Fortunes from future eale leases.
FOR eale — Good- paying grocery, liquors and
bakery on account cf retiring. 64 Rausch
St., bet. 7th and 8th. Howard and Folsom.
$1500 — CORNF.fi grocery an_ liquors; no op-
position : splendid location. Inquire 1621 .
Buchanan st: I
FOR sale — Small candy store and Icecream par. |
lor, with 2 living rooms, completely fur-
nished. Box -f5. Call.
GOOD plumbing and tinning busmess: tools,
stoves. Address YOUNGS & BARRY.
Berkeley^ ¦
FURNITURE business; will sell very cheap;
owner leaving city; 3 living rooms. 64S
Howard st.
FOR sale — Stationery, notions and Icecream
«ore; livtng rooms with 3 years' lease. Box
4602. • Call office.
MANUFACTURING business; »000 boxes,
booklets machine, etc.; $300; full value. Box
4999. Call.
PARTNEP. — Detective and collection; sr.iall
capital; established business. McDIAR-
MID'S, 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
$900 — KESTAl.'RAXT; great bargain; fine lo-
cation; good huElness': party going East: also
list of saloons. Eltel & Carroll. 212 Kearny.
WELL-PAYING restaurant and boarding-
house; little opp-^ition. 417 Grant bid., 1-5.
$125 — CANDY and pastry. 3 finely fur. rooms
and ba£Cin»nt. 525 Taylor St., nr. Post.
PARTNER wanted in milk business; $150 mo.
to each. Box M<J. Call.
FOU sale— Cheap, lst-class oyster and chop
hr,u*». 20 >_ Seventh St., nr. new postofflce.
GROCERY and bar in Mission for Bale. Ad-
drc-ss box 4701. Call office.
WANTKD — To buy a delicatessen store; give
location and price. Box 4105, Call office.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 for well-estab-
lished grocery and bar. Box 480, Call.
BRANCH bakery and grocery,' cheap. 4181
Twentieth *t. . near CaMro.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
FINE paying drygcods store, with lease; own-
er leaving State: no agents. Box 44&1. Call.
LOD GIN G-EO USES FOB SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor RoominR-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Bufiness Chances.
Elegantly appointed family hotel of 2S rooms;
furnished with everything of the best; no
better location in city; high-class people;
furnished new about 1 year; if taken at
once will be snld at V: actual cost to furnish;
account of sickness.
Well located house close' in. with cheap rent;
two years' Iea«e; furniture and carpets In
flrst-clafg condition; will guarantee to clear
$_t>o per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fine business proposition.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
fcouse; elegantly furnished and equipped-
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $jfx> to *<5OO
per month; close in; full of nice peoM*; bar-
ga'n If taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership.
We have a number of special bargains in flats
of 0 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold; either account of sickness or de-
parture.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post Et.; full nicest kind of
roomers; new and modern throushout: brings
In nice income; furniture in oak. bir_.«eye
maple, velvet and iixminster carpets- cost
* $1N>J to furnish six munths ago; obliged to
leave city; biff bargain. $1200.
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
$5 50 per room: all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator; has 10S rooms'
•w-cll furnished throughout; now clearing $030
to $450 per month; make offer; owner must
leave city; only with us.
10 rooms: rent ?C5; cood furniture and car-
pets: ulways full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city: make offer.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished-
clearing $500 to $<;<>0 per month; must eeli
on account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month-
must leave city; makf»' an offer.
45 rooms, rent only $125; first-class location -
well furnished and good running order; clear,
ing now over $200 per month; always full-
lx>6t buy In city; account of sickness; price
$4500. . V _ .
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on Geary
nicely equipped throughput; all full and
clearing nice income; price $2000.
60 rooms; new. modem building; elegantly fur-
nished; close In; full of flm-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
Have new modern 82-room house; rent $375;
electric lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture: good carpets: must sell; price $400. ,
Model apartment-house. 2 and 3 rooms each*
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished; 5-year
leaeetik there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness.
7-room modern flat; close In; well furnished;
cost $G00; a bargain If sold at once; $250.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house In
city: clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for
Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley property or
ranch in California;- must leave city.
What do you think? i31-room apartment-house-
rent only $130; where you can Clear $95 per
month; no work: thjs you can get for $1100;
wife at hospital.
Large list of real estate, roomlng : hou?es and
business for exchange or trade' always on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. i
F. L. 8KAGGS A CO.. Hotel Brokers. 26
Montgomery st., S. F. ; phone James 6301;
hotels ¦ for sale, to lease and exchange
throughout the West.
18. ROOMS uptown: 4 rooms rented "for office
for $05;. I am anxious to sell in order to buy
a larger house;. my cash price Is $1200; will
exchange for a larger house and pay differ-
ence. AcMrtba Owner, box 1515, Call.
WILL sell my 30-room apartment and rooming
* bouse; corner; fine location; no agents' Ad-
dress box 4542. Call office. ,
12 NEWLY furnished rooms; central location.
DAVID BROS., cor. Kearny-CIay.cigar store. '
\/r~\\ T /^ A 1\ I Of l\/'~/^Vr> Cr^T I WITH EQUAL FACILITY BY PLACING
YvJU V^AiN DU I vJK OfcLL the right sort of an ad
C— AI_VO___TTB — Continned.
A-J $$$$$$ *S**
Three offices. S26 O'Farrell street.
Open every day and Sunday.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
PHOFESSOR HENRY ELLSMERE.
THE GREATEST. LIVING EXPONENT OF
CLAIRVOYANCY.
WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTATION
IN EVERY PROMINENT CITY
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
HIS REPUTATION HAS BEEN EARNED BY
THE WONDERFUL POWERS HE HAS
SHOWN, AND NOT BY ADVERTIS-
ING. AS IS ATTESTED TO BY
THE UNLIMITED NUMBER
OF TESTIMONIALS HE
HAS RECEIVED.
If you are Interested In any affairs of your
life: if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes,
travels, lawa-jlts, business transactions, invest-
ments of whatever nature, wills, deeds, mort-
gages, lost or absent friends interest you; If
you care to know what you should do to be
successful; where you should go and whom you
fhould avoid: if you desire to have domestic
troubles removed; your bitterest enemies con-
verted into your stancheet friends: In a wora,
whatever may be your troubles, suspicions or
datires. visit Professor Henry Ellsmere and ne
will aid you.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere has decided to
place his services at the disposal of the people
of this city for epeclal readings at the reduced
price of (1 a sitting.
This extraordinary favor will only be ex-
tended for a period of two weeks.
All applications by mail or ep«clal messenger
must positively be accompanied by the fee in
order to hold the appointment.
The central location of Professor Henry
Ells— ere'a offices and consultation room en- <
ables busy people to easily reach him.
HIS ADVICE UNIVERSALLY SOUGHT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere's advice has n«^ er
been sought In vain in the great crises of lire;
his counsel has always shone forth clear, lu- j
mlnous and right; the tottering fortunes of
many a man have been s>aved from wreck by a
word from the lips of this wonderful man; In
the great game of business men have. staked
their all on the dicta of Professor Henry Ells-
mere and won. Friends long separated have
been r?unlted through bis Instrumentality. The
pro\erbia! "slip 'twlxt the cup and the Up'
has been averted In thousands of Instances \
through his ability to read tha future. Ro-
mances without number have ended happily
and the altar fires of love burn in countless
homes to-day because of Professor Henry EHs-
itktb's profound understanding of human des-
tiny. Obscure diseases have been located by
his rjsychic diagnosis and owe their cure to
his thorough knowledge of the patient's special
needs.
DO YOU WISH TO KNOW
How you can have jrocd luck?
How you can eucceed In business?
How you can make your home happy?
How you can conquer your enemies?
How you can marry the one you choose?
How you can cbtaln perfect health?
How soon you will marry?
How you can conquer your rival?
How you can make any one love you?
How js^'i can mend your family troubles?
How you can remove bad Influence?
How you can control any one?
How you can make distant ones think of you!
How you can hold your husband's love?
How you can hold your wife's love?
Professor Henry Ellsmere tells all and never
asks questions.
IF THERE IS ANYTHING HEREIN PRINT-
ED WHICH SEEMS IMPROBABLE
CALL ON HIM AND BE
CONVINCED.
Three offices— 326 O'Farrell St., San Francisco.
Every day, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
* Open Sunday.
All Correspondence Promptly Answered.
Removed. ROSALIND & CHASE. Removed.
Eminent
Spiritual, Clairvoiyant. Phychlo Palmist.
Located 700 Poat st.
Are the most accurate and capable advisers
on nil affairs of life.
Names, dates, facts and reliable Information
given regarding lawsuits, speculations, invest-
ments, influences, marriages, divorces and all
domestic and social affairs.
Remove evil Influences, reunite the sepa-
rated, develop mediums and control those you
love, even miles away.
Tell who and when to marry, lucky days,
numbers, etc., and how to quickly develop the
magnetic personality which attains success.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Fees within reach
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. dally and' Sunday
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently "located at 17 Third st... next Exam-
iner bids:. ; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals th« present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love cr business trou-
bles consult this- great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them: valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 2."c up; satisfaction
guaranteed: open Sundays. Tel Black 4569.
MME PORTER clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sl«ht: t»>ljs past,
present future; 1. 50c; g. by card? $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr.and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; _.'.c up. C12'i Eddy at.: no signs.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c,
gents I»0c. 545 Minna »t.
THIS ad. nnd 50c you to life reading
at 125 Sixth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th st., rooms 1-2.
MRS. EAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
' SPIIU-Tr A—ISM.
MRS. CONNOLL, US Sixth St.. trance me-
dium: meetings every night: all tests, 10c:
ladies' circle Wednesday, 2:30; 10c.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bua. medium and
life reader. 120(1 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S trumpet materializing
stance to-night, 8 o'clock; 50c. 10SI Bush.
MME. _T>UNQ*S test circle to-nlRht: 10c. 619
McAllister St.: readings dally: come, skeptics.
AV. G. KEKGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 14S Sixth st.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, life read-
er; clr. evgs., 10c; read, dally. 836 Mission.
PROF. GEE. medium and heal»r: readings
daily: circle every night. 10c. 1200 Market.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phon? Scott 887.
, C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln.
room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
CABPET BEATING AND CI.EA"* "JQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
fcr clean! r.s carpets on floor without removal:.
carpets and rug3 al?o cleaned by compressed
air at thop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market st.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
*<;nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, ;:."."i-. ;07 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. MlssIon-74.
ADVANCE Carpet CleaninK Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main S94 GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison tt.: tel. Mission 2C3.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $.">; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from ?8 per set; -extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.HewItt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, mirgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor, Hhelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. OTarrell.
PARIS Dental ParIprs/235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, 91 50 up; crowns. $2 up;filllngs,23c
X)R. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary at.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guacanteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. M«rr., 9C0 Mission, cor. 6th.
PBESSMAHEB3 A~P SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst', and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory, 110 Taylr.
_DXrCATTO_TAI_
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market gt. Send for catalogue.
: SPANISH for .business; dally lessons. $1 a
week; 4 to 9 p. tn. Room _:, Parrott bldg.
___ > _O~— X :_TT WAITT—D — Mais— Coa.
HARDWARE clerk, yours; -->..--:»! _an. 5
years' experience retail ibelf aaci heavy
hardware In East, wants position; best ref-
erences. Box Sue, Call office.
rum
AA— A COMPETENT man wls&ea position in
private place; understands gardening, milk-
ing; haniy with tools, machinery: good
horseman and ffrlver; best of references.
Box M4. Call office.
A — SITUATION wanted to tak« care of a pri-
vate place by a trustworthy man (Dane>;
understands gardening, horses, milking; good
references. -Box 441_. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of gcod address, sp»akinsr
English. Portuguese and Spanish. wt»h»»
employment with mercantile firm as traveler
cr salesman. Address J. M. A., box 8$o.
Call office.
STUDENT attending Heald's Business College
wishes work of any kind to pay expense- ;
waiting- at table or worse in sore preferred.
Address F$ E. M.. 133B Hawthorne «t.
A' PLACE wanted by aa elderly man; not
afraid of hard work; caa. taka care of horse,
cow or garden," chickens, etc. Call or ad-
dress J. DALY. Lauxere st.. San Rafael.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper by ycu_?
man; strictly sober; dees not ga_.bie; good
references. Box 502. Call office.
WORK wanted to clean windows, htrcs**,
stores and fix up garden. Ailresa U. B..
613 Montgomery »t.
ATTORNEY who Is an exaerlenced bookkeeper
and stenographer wants position. Box 66d.
Call offlc*.
A GERMAN cock wants place ?a flrst-clas_
delicacy stor*. Bcx SOS, Call offlca.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
g«4. Call.
NON-UNION. Crst-class, want* work In city:
reasonable. Bcx Call.
A GERMAN. mlddle-a_ed and single. w!?.i_ _
situation aa clerk in grocery »u>re a.-.d bar-
room; good references. W. BOHLJ.N'G, 417
Kearny st.
WANTED — Situation as grocery cierk; experi-
enced, reliable: best of references: city of
country, country preferred; reasonabla wages
satisfactory. Box 4DO. Call office.
WANTED — Position to mil_ cows, tend horse*
or take care of place; references. Address
GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominican. Sisters.
Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
JANITOR wants position (anywhere) or general
work In or around place, or house ani window
cleaning by the day. or other kind of work.
I. MEYER. 110 Hyde st.
A COMPETENT man (German) desires pesf-
tlnn; experienced In wine and liquor business,
wholesale and retail. Address box 5.0, Call.
NON-UNION carpenter, thoroughly competent,
wants work. Address box 15-0. Call off.ee.
YOUNG man. married. _0 years tn hardware
business, wishes position _> salesman cr
manager; exoerience. 7 years in Eurcoe. re-
tail hardware; eight years manager retail
hardware. U. 8.; last five years travellac
representative largest who!es_> hardware
house U. S. Answer bcx 433. Call cf_ce.
WANTED — By a respectable _id respcnsihl.
man. work as watch_an. Janitor or day
work; handy with carpenter and plumber"*
tools; Al references. Adiress JULIUS. 116
Second ave., Richmond district.
A COMPETENT man. single, wishes _ position
near city, steady, to care far a place; expe-
rienced in orchard, gocd driver, gardening
and handy with <_rpe_ter tools. Ajidres-
box 4873. Call office.
YOUNG man of 13 would l_a _c_t!oa aa »
helper In a good American hota« _sd do er-
rands while learning the English language.
JAMES CHRIST. 1103!_ Folsom st.
RELIABLE, competent In many occupations,
experienced single German, wishes any kind
of work; reasonable wages. M. FRICK. 414
Jackson st.
YOUNG n_n. well educated. acc__r» and reli-
able, with knowledge of bookieeplns and
business experience wants position; refer-
ences. Box 4966, Call.
COACHMAN. 16 years' experience, wants posi-
tion: city or suburbs: can milk and do gar-
dening If required: first-class city reference.
Box 825. Call office.
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by. the day or
week; will give estimates If des'ired; has all
necessary shop tools. Box 4S8, Call office.
AA — A FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger,
tinter and gratner desires worse by the day
or job; nrst-class work guaranteed; good
work very reasonably done. 1434 Devlsadero.
YOUNO married man wishes position as col-
lector, or drive delivery wagon; bonds fur-
nished. Box 443, Call office.
HONEST, trustworthy, young mam wsnts
' steady position as gardener: referaoces It re-
quired. Box 401. Call office.
SITUATION wanted — Salesman wants position
on the road at once; six years' experience;
best of references. Box SG3, Call office.
MARRIED young couple desire posltlot— la
private place; both Intelligent and good
workers. - Box 822. Call office.
YOUNG butcher, used to have a rout* a_t_
work In the shop, wishes position, la th* city.
Box 805. Call.
A FOREIGNER, recently arrived, wishes wor_
as blacksmith In factory cr anywhere, w 1_
moderate wages. GEO. DATES. 777 Folsom.
A SITUATION wanted by a cook la «— «H
restaurant. AL. NAUDB. 1525 Powell st.
AN experienced collector; also competent book-
keeper; best references. Box 4901. Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper a_d office _u;
good references. Box SQg. Call office.
YOUNO German desires position of any k'.aJ;
would prefer to learn trade or as helper far
carpenter. Box S33, Call.
ACTIVE, middle-aged, sober man warns — e«k:
handy around house, garden, etc; caa ratUc
and make butter; wages $15. Box 441. C_U.
WANTED — Position as city salesman for S_»
Francisco or Oakland firm: Al reference*.
Address Salesman, 610 Apgar St.. Oakland.
ELDERLY man. small, neat, active. Intelli-
gent, wants situation; references. Bcx 4143.
Call office.
BUTLER or Indoor servant want* situation;
experienced, honest and willing; German;
best references. O. S.. box 4823, Call.
WANTED— Set of books to keep evenings. Box
40SC. Call office.
JAPANESE boy. gentla and honest, wants _
pGsitkn to do chamberwork In hotel or room-
ing-house: has good experience for several
years. KIT A, fill Bush St.; phen* Black
6034.
A YOUNG Japanese desires & position as
schoolboy or half-day worst In Sausaltto cr
Mill Valley: speaks _oc_ IVY A, P. O. box
160. Sausallto. ¦»,;»
A JAPANESE boy wants a position In fam-
ily for housework: can. do Japanese mas-
age. YAMA. 350 Jessie St.
A JAPANESE boy. speaks English, aa school-
boy or houseworker at any place. R.
IKEDA, Japanese Gospel Society, 723 Geary.
JAPANESE wants position; house cook or
hcuseworking: experienced as waiter; wages
$6. Apply WATANABE. 1336 California st.
A YOUNG JaDanese boy wants a situation
as echoolboy or housework, porter In good
family In the city or vicinity. M. GEORGE.
4 St. Mary'* »t.
A YOUNG Japanese wants a situation as %
schoolboy cr easy housework In good fam-
ily In the city or vicinity. NOMAGUCIir.
605 Du.ont st.
JAPANESE ycung man with experience In
launrJry work would Ilka position in private
famtly. Address T. T.. 530 Pino st.
A PAINTER, .with toola. wants work by the
day. whitening and tinting. J. HUNTER.
1&77 O'Farrell; phene Stelner 1075.
.JAPANESE (good bey) wants situation as
waiter at table in nice fnmlly. GEORGE.
313 Sutter st. Tel. Black 4211.
GOOD Japanese boy who can speak English, a.*
- pi tin conk. GEORGE. 1304 Post St.; phone
Sutttr 4132.
flats roa sa__— FT~._n3__D.
A MODERN, sunny upper fiat; 7 large rooms;
newly furnished 3 months ago. 017 Jones
St.. near Bush, 9 to 5 p. m.
Furniture of desirable sunny 5-r. fiat. nr.
Park; cheap rent; $20; a<Iult*. tt "Fremont av.
COMPLETELY furnished nmlera sunny flat. 6
rooms; _- rcctrs rent»d. S77 Edily st. . i
FLATS WANTED.
WESTERN Addition; nice flat of 4 or S rooms;
American family; so children. Box 4959,
Call office.
JOIiX V. SITOvCKELS;r.'lPwigfeW
A&f.m*- Cmnrauntc-ttons to
JOHN McXATCHT.'.Vr;.V: ? . Manager
W. .1. M JUSTE y Fl fz n— -n<— « ' 3uL — a agCT
TELEPHONE.
A*k tot TOE CALL, lne O;-rator W~C<»- |
oca roa With t:-« Der_r_Mitt You V !t-
P_l,"'_'i'-T Office Market and Third. S. F.
KltarU- Bee_..<..__lT_to =21 Stevenson «t.
JJeJlv-n-S h~ Carriers. 20 Ct«. Per Wo«_. 75
Cts. «Vr Mcnth. Slr._le Cc^es j[> Cy*.
T— r.* tv ft_JL Ir.clu3!r.c Pcstase iCasa »> ._
Order): „
DAILY CA__ llacjnd. Sw_*r^ 1 year... $S 00
DAILY CALL tincta-. f-.o.ieyJ. C ~os... ?_'»>
DAILY <>LL— By r=Ia_le Moot- "*
F:-.r>.\V CALL. 1 Year f?o
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year •• tij~
f;i,it r <>_«O I'er Y*a- Y.\ .ra
\ OI aF9.N / B___f TtxS Per Y«- - Wr.
POSTAGE. j We.-KIy. 1.00 P*r Te_r Extra ;
ALL TOSTMAETHRS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eft—pie Cci-J's will tc forwarded when re-
_aii tubicribers in ordering <*¦_[• "$JJ5_;
_r»*t Fbc_- be i-artirular to give both >_w
ANJJ OLD ADMASS in order to 1 "« t f re *
prcrrpt a_l correct cc—iiiance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
IC16 Broadway Telr shone Main 1033
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tl*S Crater Street Telechone North 77
Washington correspondent:
f _M"FT W. V.' ALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOP.K NEWS STANDS:
V 'aldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brestano. 31
rtior. Equal- ; Murray BUI Hotel; Fl.th-avenae
li • and Hoffman Hcuse.
CHICAGO NCWS FTANDS:
Sherman lioue': P. O. New* Co.: Great
Northern II- '.: : Tr'rr.ont Hojse; Auditorium
Kctel; Pa^rcer Hcusc.
CHICAGO r.nPRESENTATTVE:
C. <"On<JE EBOCKCSS. Mamuru* B-Jlldlng.
(Lcr.g Disuse* Tclrphcre, "Central 2G19. >
NEW YORK nKPRE^ENTATIVE:
CTEPHi::." li. .«MITH «l» Tribupe Building
NEW YORK CORHESPONDEN'T:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BLEINEES OFFICE of the Ean Francisco Call.
crrntr Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'cicxk *x*ry night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10C* Market street, cjposite fifth; op«n until
II p. m.
B37 Maptc— niery etre*t. comer Clay: open until
¦_0 i>. ir..
tCi> He >•<¦•!• street; cpen until 9:30 p. r_
r.39 Mc-Aliirter street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
«:15 Larkin street; open until fl:30 p. m.
Jfi41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
JOi: Eleventh street; open until 9 p.m.
1090 Valencia tjreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast ccrner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 8 p. m.
__•(.• F'.lim-,rr: rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
_t__T_?G NOTICES.
AFTLl'M of M__aa Commandery. W. y
1).. K. T.. Ma«-.ir.ic Temple— ?iat~1 p^-^n^
_*rr.r,!y THIS <TI LSIiAY) EVENING. l||l
U-eim-fS. JNO. R. H1LLMAN. Rec. *<&
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. «
Rill m-et Tills (TUESDAY) EVEN-VV
IX'J. Nov. 15. at 7 :3<» o'clock. Stattd/>r\
Uieetir.K. I'.y or<Je r of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodee No. F. nnd ra
A M.— CaliM mteun« THIS (TI'ES-VV
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. ?»t7V\
ond dfe_r*-e. By rrder of W. M.
EDWIN' L. UEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL l>d_e N"o. 144. F. and A. _
M.. Masonic Temple— First ¦ie«rree"»/y
THIS (TTTESDAYI EVENING, at 7:S0/V\
o'clock Master Masons cordially in-
v1tt-<3 HENRY E. PENNELL. W. M.
A. S. HX'BBARD. £ecrt-tary.
EAN FRANCISCO Lode* No. 360. F. _
and A. M.. Miatscn. Teir.ple. 20feS Mis-'VV'
_on B_— Th:r<! d^trree THIS (TCES- />f\
J'AYi EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
Visiting brethren cordially invited By order
ct the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON, S«c.
"YEP.BA BUEJfA Lodge No. 13.
I O. r >. F. — Officer* and rnernberg.-s^pCafiT'r-
erf- rf-quttted to as^-mble at ¦^SjSSvft?
the ch_j**l of the Golden Gate
1'nd«;rtiiking Parlor*. 2475 Mission tt..
TUESDAY. Ncv. 13, at 1 o'clock p. m.. for
the purr**-* of att«-n-lnK the funeral of our
late brother. F. W. FLITNER.
STEVEN D. HECK. Nohle Grand.
CHAB. A. WISEWELL. Secretary.
_ODGE Notice — Officer* anft mem- ¦**__>>,
t*-» <• Mission >:¦>¦' k;.h I*>-B«^%_JMfe
No. _£> are requf-sted to EW-m-^^S^y^fflj
We et the rfca£<el cf the Golden "^jiSTflS"
Gate Undertaking Company. 2475 Misricn
•t.. TC_SX?AT. Nov. 15, at 1 :.V> «/ clock p.
tn.. to Htter.d the funeral cf ocr lat« brother,
FRANK FLTTNKR. By <»r<Jer of
LULU PERKY. Ncblfr Grand.
MINNIE ROBINSON. ReeorlSr.g Secretary.
THE California Debr:» Comm'.EMcn. having re-
If«iv«-d'_rV''-!ca::or.s to nine ty hydraulic pro-
«-*-s frcrr _. car.tirfo, in Eantirfo _!n*\ near
Volcano. Arr__or Co_r.ty. C&i., dra:r.:r.ff Into
Crass Veiiry Crrk, v.-h:ch re_ch»i! Moke-
liicine Riv*r; from L. Deh_cfal «r._ S. )__-
r<-ra. In M_zz«:ra ZK'.nr. necr Volcano, A:r.»-
<!ur County. C_:.. dra!:;lrg '._to South Branch
batter CretJc, wfcich reach** Mokelanuie
fUrtri item O. _3_le, In Manila r_:n^, near
lea. E2_fU County. Cal.. drains* l_v> Dry |
Creek. Trhlcii reaches Pacr_ncnto River:
frcm G<.!J Ii_n M:nlng Ccn-.p_r.y, in Gold
Run mine, ntar <iuincy. I'lumaa County,
Pal., dralr.lr.g into Sr.ar.l5h Creek, which
rc_cI-:«-«, F*_t_er RJvcr, and from II. A. and
>. A. HallrtT-rtj Jn ii>ieryxn rr.Ine. near
Span-* rarn-b. I'lurrcac County, Cal.. «lr_n-
ln_ Into .-;•!»¦.-?¦ Creek, which reaches Feath-
er River, elves notice that a meeting to re-
ctlve any irottsts will .be h f :Id at room 5»1,
Flood bull-ing. San Francisco, Cal.. Nov.
2S. I3C*. at 1:30 g. m.
'CIJLAPEST »r.d belt in Ac-.erlra— Th» Weekly
«~a!l. 10 1 2_es. r-r.t f> any a4dre?g <n the
Ur.lte<l Ftatc-5 r,r Cnr«rla ct;' yur for SI.
AG-KTS -AKVED.
VTAN'TED — A reliable man cr woman to man-
ar* a branch «upj.!y office fcr Talesmen; no
Investmrnt or canvassing required in poel-
tion; *xpfn«e» adv_r.e*-d: w«kly ealery and
5 I«r cent con:ir.i_icn. Address Manager
Supply D«T>t-. 5th floor. Thompson bldg.. _t.
—o-jg.
WANTED — Averts to eanvaas for household
rccf-Ksitl'f : good r-ay and steady work. C.
T. ADA— S. 31 *i Mason et.
LADY a;rT.t_ wanted everywhere to sell
Keinp't E-Jr-poritoHe.. 1312- Market St.. r. 316.
ATTOKI7_YS-AT-_A— .
A FRAUDULENT _vorc« Is dear at $\i and
is no rood; for 2_ jeans I've raa.Ce _i**crce«
a tpscl_!iy; Quick; quiet; no money needed;
no pay ur.lees divorce is granted; perfectly
reliabie; lowest fee«; advice free; collections
tr.ede, G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et.
It. \V. K1XG. Attorney-at-iaw. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor: entrance room Cll; c-etabllehed 2<J
y«ars; _1I courts, general court and office
practice: no fee_ in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel Red 3901.
AA — DIvcrce: costs $12; <jnick.<juiet ;advice free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; cpen ever.lngs. .027 Market St.. room 301.
ADVICE fr^e; divorce costs fl2; no fees or
cocts in advance; all law business; office
opea Eaturcay cvcr.injrs. S19 Market st.. r. 33.
_. S. CLARK, S27 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fet_ln advance; open evenings.
A3OPTIO3.
A WELL-EDUCATED, middle-aged coupJe In
corr.Iortable- circumstances, without chil-
dren. v._au to adopt little girl, or boy pre-
ferred, aped from 2 to 5 ye_re; the people
own a fruit ranch in the heallh!ei»t part of
California. Full Information may be had
by addm«s!ng bcx 504; Call office.
ASTHMA CUBE.
CI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
10c, 25c, 50c. 1602 Market, ft. Nicholas;
• albo Wlnhart. 10th and Washington, Oakland.
autoxobxx.es.
fOV.D Automobile. 1904. for sale, with lamp«.
warchllpht and tonneau: everything com-
plete. Kox 4605. Call offlc*.
WANTED— Good eecond-hand automobile-
•tate price, etc. Box 4008. Call office.
C-OT2__fQ BEHOVATIWO.
Fl'lTS cleaned and pressed, $1; souring and
dyeir.£. Bon ilarche. Examiner bid... r. 410;
phone Drumm 4*. Call for and deliver fre«.
co__ECTio_r o~~xc_s.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Co"«*ctlen Co.. 415
_U>nt_«nery et.,Too__ 9-10. 1*1. — — — K8Q.
i^DGINO-HarjSES^TOB^SAJtE-^^Con.
—MARION GP.IFFIN-—
406 Hearst- building over "Examiner' en-
trance, corner Third' and Market »ts. : tel.
Black 3607. Hotels and rooming-houses for
saJe. Free list. We furnish abstracts free
and guarantee titles. ;¦•¦/-">¦ ¦
—NO/L-
IT 13 WORTH your
while to see this
20- room downtown
house; New golden
oak. blrdseye maple
and mahogany fur 1 -
$1000 down" and' easy '•> .
month; Al transient
. location; near Ellis
and Powell.
MARION_GRJFFT___
— NO 2 ***"
ISTOP — THINK— In-
vestigate, as such an
offer comes only once
In a lifetime; 32
rooms; a fine corner
on Sutter street; sub-
stantially furnished:
a splendid house;
$1000 down and easy.
payments.
MARION GRIFFIN. .
—NO. 3.—
871 flOIlCSt uOU S£ for
what It Is worth see
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 4.—
PRICE NOW— $1800 —
A 39- room house;
, profit $140 monthly
over — all — expenses;
easy to manage It:
the — roomers — are
honest working peo-
¦ Pl *' MARION GRIFFIN.
— NO. 5. —
PROFIT $48 MONTH-
LY; nice, clean, re-
spectable roomlng-
hou_e on . the sunny
side; north of Mar-
- ket: 14 rooms; price
$750 (was $1200);
TERMS $3C0 down
and $10 each month.
MARION GRIFFIN^
' —SO. 6.—
A 12 -ROOM house
Reduced to $10") ;
Central ; rent $30.
Income over rent $47.
All men roomers. •
No£ a first-class
house, but it's re-
spectable.
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 7.—
MORTGAGED HOUSE;
mortgagee. who
loaned $900 on a
20- room house, asks
us to get him an
offer: house has been
newly renovated and
—NEWLY C A R-
PETED—
Clears $70 monthly;
easy terms If de-
fired; a mechanics'
house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
— NO. 8.—
BEAUTIFULLY fur- 1
nlshed 37- room house 1 .
in best location In
this city. You n?ed
but little money
($1500) to get pos- %
session: clears $173.
MARION GRIFFIN.
ONLY $150 DOWN se-
cures a swell 12-
room house near
NOB HILL; bal.
fine furniture; elec-
MARION GRIFFIN.
MONTHLY. . j
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 11.—
of all kinds. Let us
know what kind ot
an exchange you
would like. Or it
you need money to
put in with your
-property on a trade,
we can accommodate
you at short notice.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Examiner building.
FOR SALE.
3G-room house; downtown;flne furniture.$5000
24 morns; central; everything new; $1600-
$MH) cash.
30 rooms: downtown; transient ».$2500
14 rooms: Sutter st.: transient $1000
100 rooms; all rented; fine furniture; $10,000
C&XW cash.
30 rooms; corner house; very swell. . .$3500
Boarding-house, S rooms, nr. carhouse.$50O
Furnished bouse, S rooms. Mission $4,V)
San Francisco Credit Co.. 10 Turk st.. 1st fir.
— . MITCHELL & CO. i
1206 Market ft. Phone Jessie 29S1
Rooming hnd apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to futt purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
JIlTCIiELL & CO. —
A PARTLY furnirhed house. IS rooms, sunny,
downtown, plain but neat: price $750; hav-
ing other property must sell. Make offer
exclusively with MITCHELL _ CO.. 120«
Market st.
LIST of great barealnp; from 7 to 200 rooms-
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodging-
house. 377 acres land in Santa Clara County;
also 2 Oakland lots; good paying country
hotels and roadhouses. Money loaned on
furniture. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
$1.15— SPECIAL bargain; flat of 4 nicely fur-
nlehed rooms in pood neighborhood, near
Market st.: oak furniture, good carpets;
everything complete; rent $10; owner loav-
ln»- city cause-* the sacrifice. See BROOK-
BANK, 917 Market St., bet. 5th and Cth.
DRUMM. 121— Lodging & boarding house; 19
rms.; good renting location; medprn; cheap.
A BRANCH office o f The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
• _OPO-ITG-HOTTS_S ~A-TT_P
WANTED to' buy for cash lodging-house of
about SO rooms. Address box 4106. Call.
FROM all ; sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the ¦ noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you will succeed, to
b e relieved of the matters that are troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
. you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428
.Eddy st. ; three separate- reception parlors:
lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
. Permanently located at 28J4 Kearny st.
after Wednesday.
RICHARD MAYO
, The Man With Psychic Power.
The. greatest living adviser on the continent.
FREE TEST, . FREE TEST
To all who come prepared to have a reading.
421A Ellis st., private flat; hours 10 a. m. to
8 ?. m. . .
ISMAR. Egyptian Seeres*. The Vendome. 1104
Market. st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a..m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12;-Wednes-
day evening, li'to 8. Phone . South 1141.
Mrs. A.H.Krcnenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when othtrs fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
TR0F. DAHL guarantees to tell ; your past,
present and future; names .given; readings
50c. 1027% Market at.; hours 1 to 0 n. m.
BUSINESS J3_ANC_S. I
RESTAURANT and cafe close' to Market and
Powell sts.: least; place el??antiy titled up
and doing a large buzinees; best class of
r.atronare; owner engaged In other busi-
nc-*.>; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE.
25Vii Kearny Et.
A— $<J0o; ItOADHOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
r^nt $20; 5 years' lease; very beet location:
on .«an Mateo road. S«e It. G. WILKE. 2«Vs
Kearnj- st.
A— $2150; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $4<K etore doing a Urge cash busi-
'. ness; location can't b«- beat; value in sight.
' S«.-e IL G. WILKK. 20% Kearny et.
A-?55iy); SALOON; -bout 1 block from Phelan
bulidiar; r.et rent $125; lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; ln-
vrftiiaie at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 2«% K'arny Et^
A~f3600- COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block jrora Examiner building ; rliies estab-
lished years: doing a f;rst-c!a_ business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE, 2«% Kearny st. '
A— $l.:50; BRANCH bakery, candy ond dairy
produce ttore; 1 block frcm Palact* Hotel:
J*ily rec-eljjts fiom $30 up; horse, wagon;
p!ao» clearing $200 per month. See U. G.
WILKE. 21% _ K _'«~__ S
A— $90o— CORNER ealoon, with cigar stand,
on Fuurth st.. living rooms; rent 130; lease;
_ good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — $1500 — OIJ established commission- atore.
dairy produce, etc.. must b« sold at once on
acccurt of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 2S years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 23% Kearny st.
A — $r.'C-O; THE leadln* candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across th? bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $C0; no nicer fitted
up place this kind ia the State: rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2*% Kearny st.
X— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
fouth of Market St.; net rent $90: >ease 4
venr»: average monthly receipts $1W; value
In sl*ht. See R. G. V.ILKE. 20% Kearny St.
A— $.'>00; CIGAR stand: r*nt $30; only 2 blocks
from <*s!l building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2ii% Kearay st.
A— $na>; CORNER saloon: rent $20; place sur-
rounJed by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearay at.
A— Jl'Or*; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $1<"*>; lease; i
with lirst-class raying saloon In mar.ufartur- |
ing town across th* bay; a good paying busi- ,
ness. See K. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny St.
A— $750; I)ELICAT1#3EN, branch baker}' and
fancy grocery; ¦* nice living rooms; rent ?25;
daily receipt* about $20; »>est location north
Of Market. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A — f3SG0; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; n-nt $00; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2fc(«>; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
017 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phons Folsom 1M»5.
A GROCERY and bar, located on busy street;
large stock and good fixtures; Al trade: o
r.lc* living rooms; bargain for $750. See
BROOKBANK.
$150 BUYS br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and
milk depot; _ nice furn. rooms; cheap rent;
a bargain. See BROOKBANK. 917 Market.
$350— PARTNER for well-paying cigar stand
on Market et. ; elegant fixtures; full stock;
money-maker. See BROOKBANK.
SALOON men, attention'. Bargain; $1300 buys
fine-paying, corner saloon; elegant fixtures;
gcod stock; daily receipts $15 to $25, net rent
$:;&; 3 years' lease; make offer; must eell
to-day. Ste BROOKBANK.
$l_r> — PARTNER for well-paying restaurant;
will clear you $75 monthly. See BROOK-
BANK.
$775 BUYS a nice little grocery and bar;
good stock and fixtures; cheap rent. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007% Market st.
$_0T»— LARGE fruit store and fish market;
horee and wagon; large stock; living rooms.
10C7% Market «t.
WANTED— For cash, saloon license. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007% Market et.
SALOON men, attention! We have 2 good
6aloong on Sixth st. 1007% Market st.
$12.*. — Partner cl.ar store, to take full charge.
WESTERN REALTY CO.. 1007% Market st.
A FINE grocery In Western Addition; new
stock: $.1500. or will take partner.
Saloon on Fourth «.. near Market: $1900.
Hotel of 5O rooms in good country town;
cheap rent; $2500.
<'igar stor* on Third st.: rent $10: $300.
Ro-dhouse in San Mateo County, with 8
acres good land; 1 mile from Redwood City.
A large list of business. roomln_-hous*s
and hotels for sale and exchange.
EITEL _ CARROLL, 212 Kearny »t.
A— $2_5: PARTNER in good, live restaurant.
$300 — Partner in real estate office; Knap.
$_75 — Flat. « rooms and bath; good.
$C75 — 14 rooms; in good location; snap.
.$3TX) — Saloon: _oo_ corner; we.II worth $«X> ( >.
$2500— Two stor«» in Richmond; worth &C00.
S. F. REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
$200— RESTAURANT; snap; must be sold at
once. BEKO & POI'P, 318 Kearny *t.
$500 TO $10,000 saloons; good bargains.
$450 to $3000 restaurants; good bargains.
$750 — Partner: business chance; trlSers ne?d
not apply. BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny Ft.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do net fall to call upon us; we may
have Juit what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you wact to stll.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
1312 Market St..
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
A — $300; PARTNER wanted In light mechani-
cal business; no previous experience required;
$15 to $30 a week each. 47 Geary, room 2.
WANTED— Steady, active young man partner
with $200; well-established. - pleasant busi-
ness that will pay him $150 month and over.
Call 1118 Mark't St.. room 3.
SALOON: stock; fine fixtures; 5 years' lease;
fine location. Grant bldg., cor. 7th, nn. Cl_.
RESTAURANT doing a splendid business for
' sale; cheap. Call Mi Turk st.
$400 — PARTNER, . lady or gentleman. In fine
paying restaurant. Box 688, Call.
$1500 — REAL estate buciness; a long estab-
lished unincumbered general real estate and
Insurance anency cf thoroughly reliable repu-
tation, doing good business; thoroughly
equipped; best location in Berkeley: answer
immediately; a sacrifice. Box 240, Berkeley
Gazette offloe. Berkeley.
$3250 BITYS butcher business In suburbs of
Oakland; extensive trade; building and
ground on main highway; retiring from
busiaess; see my acents.
SALSBURY & YOUNG.
072 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
FOR SALE—
$10,000 will buy a first-class commercial ho-
tel, clearing not less than $5000 Der year;
good reason for telling; no agents. For par-
ticulars -addres- A. KAY8ER. 911 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
FOR rent — 2 acres of land : chicken : houses ;
house with 8 rooms, furnished. Including
pi-no: suitable for boardlng-houae and chick-
en ranch; $25 month: 5 minutes' walk to
depot. Appiy 2207% Mission st.
SALOON men, attention — Water front saloon
for sale: best In city; at a bargain; rooming.
bouse In connection; doing good business;
sickness cause of selling. See COLEMAN,
; bOC Mutual Bank bldg.
I $_rsO — GOOD chance for active man In cstab-
I I!«hed cash business, suitable . for a man
v-illinr to do plain light work and be satis-
fied with $75 mo. : no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co., 632 Market.
CALL route for tale; good route In Alameda.
Apply to this office cr call at 181S Pacific
ave.. Alameda: take broad gauge train, get
off at Grand t _ •tatlon, Alameda; call be-
I fore 12 noon. - t
A PARTNER wanted with $12,000 to $15,000
In caah; he will double his money In the
first 8 months; first-cla*s security will be
given to him. 212 Parrott bldg.. 8. F.
COALY ARD In Oakland for sale; old estab-
llshed; centrally located and doing a good
business. Box 1519. Call office. Oakland.
SALOON for sale — At entrance to tu%nel of
Bay Shore Ry. 1921 . Fifteenth ave. south.,
bet. Q and It sts.. nr. R. H. ave.
A FINE saloon and lunch house; large place,
with 14 room-.- Inquire. at 79 Stevenson «t.
WANTED — Butcher shop with full equipment
Box 4406. Call office.
FCR sale — Small Bulletin route. Inquire Bul-
.letln. 233 Kearny st.. room 10.
$1000 HALF partner or $1900 whole; - IS
.rooms; bar; 3 years' lease. 210-212 East at.
CANDY store or half interest In mfg. busi.
ness; candy man preferred; 1S10 Market st.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inquire
At Jackson Brewery, box S07. CalL ¦
__T7CA TIO-TAIi — Con— aned.
VOCAL, piano and violin lessons; Iw^H 1
method for voice culture; all forms of tech-
nical exercises for piano and violin; »— a
for prospectus; Mrs. Bertha Oeser. voca»
department: Rudolf L. Oeser piano an d vio-
lin 610 Apgar st.. Oakland; Phone Lane
£02. y,."^ .
A«-THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university. law and medical col-
leges, refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessiona Phelan bias-
E R AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
• shorthand, typing: J5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson Schocl of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
A— "Single page method"; no text-bocks; twice
the progress in arithmetic, bookkeeping, short-
hand. etc.- WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1-S1 Mkf.
HEALirS School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Poet St.. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; no—, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Bualneaa College. 739 Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.. inech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ere.; est, 1964. van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. En«_ math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 805 Larkln -t.. Prof-
T. A. .Robinson, former prea. Pac Bua. Col.
CLASSES m short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., o33
Phelan bldg. ; term* very reasonable^
HEALD*S "BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post it.
Established 1S63; largest In the West; send
for circulars: _^
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 802 Van Ness
ave. ; positions, secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
OUITAR. mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. fe2S Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
Individual Instruct. ; all branches; day. ev».
CHICAGO Business College. 1554 Market — Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $9 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. Miss. M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
SPANISH.French.ete. Prof.De FWppe'sAcademy
of languages.1018 Poat; est.!S71:ablest profs.
SMPIOT-EHT OCTICgS.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlneee Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell; tel. Eaat 428.
RELIABLE Japaneee-Chlnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; «stab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY _ CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — PEMALE.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 41S Powell, tel. Main
5332. best help of all nationalities await po-
sitions^^
YOUNO lady, good plain French cook, cne
month from France, wishes position In pri-
vate famtly; Oakland or Alameda. Box 150S,
Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG lady of refinement wishes position as
lady's companion; city or country. Address
MISS A. L.. Call office, Oakland.
WOMAN wants work by the day;»washlns and
ironing; postals answered If carfare paid.
476 Hickory ave.
A FIRST-CLASS nurse for a baby wants sit-
uation: best reference*; no postals. Call
258% Tehama Et.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work by the
day; first-class laundress. Box 844. CalL
A WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing
and housecleanlng. 917H Natoma St.. bet.
Tenth and. Eleventh.
A WOMAN wants position for general house-
work; no postals. 2503 Bush st.
A YOUNG girl. Just come from Finland, would
like to get a place to do general housework,
and she can't speak English. Please call at
322 Fremont st.
RELIABLE woman wishe* position to do gen-
eral housework; Is good cook; city or coun-
try. 267 Minna St., near Fourth.
WANTED— By competent, experienced woman,
position as working cook, housekeeper. In
men's or small private boar— eg bouse. Ap-
ply box 4910. Call office.
A WELL-EDUCATED German girl (speaks
good Engllsh> wants position to take care
Of children; $20. Apply 109 Cherry St., bet.
Washington and Jackson.
YOUNG woman wishes work, by the day,
washing, ironing or housework. Call 631 Seo-
ond st.
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day, washing, ironing and cleaning;
?1 .V) a day. Address box 4917. Call office.
POSITION as companion to an Invalid or eld-
erly lady on a ranch; references. "Box 4996,
Call offlc-.
POSITION as secretary and companion to lady
by one who in all respects Is admirably
suited to the task. -Box 4971. Call office.
X COLORED woman would like to do clean-
Ing or assist In housework. 16 Stockton
place, bet. Post and Sutter sts.
A SITUATION wanted by a young lady; would
like work 4 or 5 hours a day. Address 139>4
Clara «t.
CAPABLE and educated young woman wishes
position In good retail book or piano house.
• Address box 480, Call office.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a eltuation
on a ranch. Apply 1165% Pacific »C. from
8 to IS m.
\ GERMAN woman, first-class cook, wishes to
work by the day; best of references. Box
418. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
house cleaning; $1 5O and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes et.
. _____—— ________
A LADY will care for a small child at her
home; best of care guaranteed. Address box
SOT. Call office.
A GERMAN lady desires a situation as work-
Ing housek3cr>er or cook; country preferred.
Call 604 Octavla st. :¦ .-
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
in smalt family; city or country. 1204. Mis-'
slon. basement.
YOUNG widow would like to keep house In
the country: small family; no washing.
Address 1125% Mlwloa St., room 2.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day-
washing. Ironing and housecleanlng. Call
2*0 Harriet St.. rear.
RELIABLE woman wishes a few families by
day, chamberwork, cleaning or some wash-
Ing; phone Brown 32. 4S8 Geary st.
GOOD Klrl, with refjerences, wants place;
cither housework or cooking; $30 month.
2112 Bryant st.
• A LADY going out by the day; washing and
ironing: no postal. 136 Sixth st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position In book bind-
ery. Apply 631) Stevenson st. .
A YOUNG lady wishes a situation to do light
housework In a email family. 200A Harriet.
A COMPETENT cook. hou<«ework girl, wants
situation; wages $25. Box 442. Call office. -
A LADY wishes to do plain sewing by the
' day. 526 Montgomery st.
AN experienced practical housekeeper In tran-
sient rooming-house. Box 4S83, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, highest references, will go
out; phone Sutter 2544. Box 4941. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church st*
WANT ads and subscriptions! taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 v. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — __I,E.
AN A -NO. 1 CLOTHING SALESMAN WITH
6 YEARS" EXPERIENCE AND BEST REF-
EREXCES WANTS POSITION. BOX S82
CALL OFFICE.
A' GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS SALES-
MAN. A NO. 1 CITY REFERENCES
WANTS A POSITION. BOX SE1. CALL.
YOUNG man wishes position. In family; best
o£ reference* _. HEART, 216 Sixth it.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, * NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
13
RE— P WAaTED— MALE— Conttonea.^
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
SOC Market street, room 325, fifth floor.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Stenographer- $15 week
Manager department 4store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug- clerk ...$12 week
Cnecker J15 week
Timekeepers $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $18 week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General Gffie», work $15 week ,
Bank clerk (bond required) $25 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
boo Market St.. rocm 325, fifth floor.
AT HORD &. SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Drillers — Tunnel work Drillers,
Near city— Drillers.
Man for dye house, $15 to $20.
Man fcr flower store, $12 to $16.
Amatior County, teamsters, $2.
Nevada, teamsters, $2 50.
R. BAP.KER. engineer, please call; clothing
and furnishing goods salesman, $20 week;
shoe salesman, country. $75; carriage pain-
ter; cobbler for city shop: 2 gravel miners,
$2 50 day; gasoline engineer for mine. $2 50 .
day; brick setter, $2 50 day; old man to care
for place: 2 farmers. $30 and found; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mlyglon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAI.ES—XN WAJTTED.
STATE and city salesmen, $3 CO a day if you
can do the business. Call or address C. H.
GUNN. 2731 Mission St.
HORSES ASP WAGONS. - ¦
FOR sale — Light spring Studebaker top delivery
wagon, new: suitable for florist, delicatessen
or dairy produce. 223 Sutter, Mercantile Lib.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed ye"ar
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S. F.
FOR sale, cheap. Iron gray horse; weight 1250
pounds; work single or double. Inquire at
113 Welsh St.. near Fourth, R. F. J.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur- '
reys cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
TWO fine pandle top wagons for sale cheap.
1506 Foisom st.
FOR sale cheap, all kinds of business wagons;
new and second band. 1603 Foisom st.
FOR sale — Pair of large draught horses. Ad-
dress box 4504, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a stylish horse; also buggy
and harneM. Box 4007. Call office.
FOR sale — Gray horse; weight, 108O; age, 7
years; fine for surrey. 3905 Sacramento et.
FOR sale — 5 second- hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagess sold cheap. 1680 Mission st. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surrey*, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th-VaJcncia.
HOTJSES^TO^JjET^
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
HOUSES TO LtT — PTJ— JTIS—EP.
OAK, 419 — Completely furnished modern house.
10 rooms. 2 baths, garden and yard.
HOUSES rUBRTSZSD — FOB SALE.
A GREAT bargain — House of 14 rooms; well
furnished; must be sold this week; offer
wanted. 243 Post St. ¦«
House of 8. rooms, neatly furn.: all rented; no
reas. offer refused. 902 McAllister, 1 to 1
NICE furniture 7-rocm house; price $550. 943
Mr Alllster st.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1018 Van Nees av«. —
Thl» first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for famlllee for tha
season or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, eunny and
comfortable; cuperb view; furnishings are all
elegant, i'ulslne highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
N. Y.. anil Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
HOUSE-CXEAJTZnO OFFICES.
JAPANESE houEecleanlng company and shoe-
maker. 618 Gough St.; phene Howard 35S3.
lost Agp roTjaro.
LOST— On Halght-st. car. Market st. or In
Emporium, Monday morning, stick pin,
white cameo. Egyptian face se.t In plain gold:
no particular value, save as keepsake: will
pay many times intrinsic value for return.
27 Noe St.. city.
LOST — Tan leather purpe, between iCapp,
Eighteenth and Foisom; contents centrist of
two mnall purses from {5 to $7; also ring
and receipts. Return same to 534 Capp st;
receive reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
1 name of CURTIS A. BOLTON, No. 241-
1466. Th-J finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Elk's tooth emblem, set with diamond,
engraved C. W. L— 218; $5 reward. 1435
Park at., Alameda.
LOST — Female pointer, last Saturday p. m.; 11-
cens* 5&9; reward offered. 311 Montgomery
avenue.
LOST — Sunday, pearl crescent pin; reward.
Return to 408 Front st
LOST — That nightmare or Indigestion; 'twllJ
never be found If you chew CHICLETS.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco- in the
name of WILLIAM B. CARTER. No. 193-
412. The finder will please return to bank. .
LOST— lady's gold watch, bet Grand Hotel
and ferry: liberal reward If returned to
Grand Hotel. San Francisco.
LOST— Pass book No. 17,616. Please return
to MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK.
—ATTNC— ES FOB — IB E.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
— — PICA— , ¦
LADIES who are In trouble, or suffering: from
any ailment peculiar to their sex. can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 yeare' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the he^d. He guaran-
tees relief or no Day.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldeet specialist here, but I am a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped. I promise best at-
. tentlon and no danger. I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Call or write. Dr. E.
G. WEST, room 1, 805 Kearny st; hours
9 to 9; established 14 years.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male t-oubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 hi Market st, opp. 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. \ specialist for all female
complaints and ' irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
clailat has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience In female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs: when others
fall see the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor st, near Geary.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-.
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. . ¦ - -
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
et;relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
A word to the wise Is sufficient.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— AH who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
DR. *nd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS*;
original method of treatment* 1126 Market
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Oo.^Cearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Foisom st. corner
20th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10. -
EI * P WAWTED— FEMALE — Continued.
BUTTONHOLE maker, finisher and machine
girl en vests. «'-41Vi Stevenson «t.
WANTF. D— The fweeU-st girl in town to ask
her confectioner fcr CHICLETS.
TALKNTE£> amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. m. Wednesday ; salary no object
WOMAN, accustomed to business, who can
take training for an Important position.
I Executive, box S77. Call office.
APPRENTICE girl wanted on pants; pay
while learning. «2S Montgomery, room 33.
WANTED — La.iy partner for Portland centen- ,
Rial. <'all at 2^*^ Seventh st.
— 3LP WASTED — — — I— I. '
GOLD AND SILVER.
10 hand miners, north 8 hours, $90.
Cari^nter, m i nc> $-j ,j a y an( j found.
10 cual min«rt>, Oregon.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Gralner. housework, S3 t>0 day.
Millman. furniture factory, city.
15,-cJvktepor and stenographer, ranch.
Farn-er, Sin Luis Oliit=p", SZo to $40 and fd.
Hutcher. country shop. $:J0 and found.
Boy, city factory, $i week.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, farm hands,
plowmen, milkers, chortmen and choreboys
Porters, bell and elevator boys.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et
RANCH FOREMAN.
Working foreman, ranch, south, $35 to $40
and found.
Foreman carpenter, country; concrete fore-
man, north.
UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA. STATE OF NEVADA.
$1 FEE. SHIP TO-DAY. $1 FEE.
20 teamsters. 2 and 4 horses. $75.
GROCERY CLERK.
. Grocery clerk, store near city, $60.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, young man. shop and wagon, far*
25c. $40 and fcund.
MURRAY A READY. C34-630 Clay et
CATTLE BUYER.
Experienced cattle buyer for a large meat-
packing corporation; must have references;
$100 and found.
MURRAY & READY, CJ4-636 Clay st.
LATE SPECIALS.
READ THEM.
Blacksmith, carriage shop. $3 day; black-
smith helper, ranch. $.15 and found; grainer,
near city. $;> 50 da.y; boy to learn painting
trade; boy to learn machinist trade, city.
SEE EOSS HERE.
Carpenter for mine, steady job. see boss
cere, fix); choreman and gardener, see boss
here $30 and found.
BRIDGE CARPENTERS.
Bridle carpenters for Iar<e company, $3 50.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Cook, country restaurant. $t!0 and found;
cock, small house, $35 and found; cook, pri-
vate place on ranch, $35 and found: butcher,
country shop. Ho and found; young man,
butcher orJer wagon, $35 and found; baker,
country boarding-house. $55 and found;
young man for painting, $J» week; middle-
aged man, liquor store. $35.
BENCH HANDS.
3 bench hand?, planing mill, country. $3 50;
5 laborers, near city, no experience. $»50; 3
milkers. Co!u$a County. $35 and found.
M1RRAY & READY. <i»4-»>::6 Clay st.
FOREMEN.
Concrete foreman, see r»r>ss here, good wages;
sloping foreman grartlnE outfit. $3 day.
TRACK FOREMAN.
Track foreman for new R. R., r** boss here,
$4 day.
Foreman, carpenter, concrete forms, Nevada.
MURRAY & READY. R34-636 Clay Bt.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.S 429 Bush «t.
2 waiter*, country hotel $30
O!l burner, hctel, city $-0
Gardener ari wife, country. $5<> and house.
C. R. HAKS—S & CO..... 429 Bush st.
8-CHAIR K«c barber shop for sale; rent $12 50;
price $150; taking In from $4.1 to $f>5 week;
2 chairs steady. Address 227 J st., Sac-
ramento. Cal.
TWO sp-c'.alty palemen; first-elaes men enly;
call after 5 p. ra. L. A. NOVELTY CO..
19 Powell st, room 4.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r. 12—
F*cond cook, $17 week, country.
MAN to talce orflers for a newspaper and
printing. Apply 519 Firbert st.
USEFUL, competent German, liquor store;
tend bar; state age and refs. Box 451S, Call.
WANTED — Male sewinj? machine operators for
heavy canvas work. 53 Clay Ft.
BTRONG errand bey. nbout 15 years old. for
wholesale house. Addrecs box 831. Call.
BOYS •wanted, factory: wholesale house. Ap-
ply HULSE-BRADFORD CO., 772 Mission.
WANTED— Every drug clerk to sell CH7.C-
LKTS.
WANTED — One-chair baroer shop: city or
country or opening. Box RS5. Call office.
TOUNO man to learn r.hotneraphy; splendid
proposition offered. SCS 12th St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Cook to take, charge of restaurant
224A Ea«t st., cr 527 Sacramento st.
A GOOD-PAYING barber shop and, laundry
offW for sale; guaranteed. 527 Sacramento.
PARBER wanted; steady. 16S Stevenson st.
corner Tfcird.
EOT wanted: drive doctor; must know city.
Arply 5*0 Hayes st.
WANTED — Young man with $100 for Vgood-
pav-l'.g legitimate business. Box 887, CalL
YOUNG man to learn tailoring; room and
board: smaJl wsgrx. IJXlS Flllmore rt.
$500 — FTEADT man for partner In a No. 1
business; lanr*> profits: eapy to learn. In-
vestigate at 2S3 Fourth st.. barber shop.
BARBERS, ATTENTION !
Wanted — First-class barber-shop doing good
business: 2 to 6 chairs; will pay cash for the
same Address, with full particulars, box
4732. Call office.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber ColleRe, 649 Sacramento st.
Lately moved from Clay st
WANTED — An all around tailor. Apply REISS
BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter st.
MUSICIANS to Join brass band. 328 Bush
st.. third floor.
BARBER shop for Mile; 3 chairs, rood furni-
ture; a bargain. 262 O'Farrell st
CUTTER wanted; one with experience and of
pood appearance; none but first-class men
need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market
MEN— The barber trade taught free; wage*
alter first week; new method. HAIGHT'S.
€11 Commercial st.
WANTED — Educated gentleman competent for
encyclopedia work; salary $1000; references
required. 47. Academy of Sciences.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattress; electric
light In every room. CSl Howard st - -• ,--
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 5e3 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d *t. Exam. bid. ;open till 0 p.m.
TWO young mtn: barber trade taught free;
wages after first week. 7S1 Mission st.
ERRAND boy to make himself useful In gents'
furnishing store. ROGERSON. 635 Valencia.
! ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall
and custom-house positions. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics' to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to tha Denver House.
217 Third «t; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
A FIRST-CLASS tailor; all around tailor as a
• partner. 6&5 Bush #t
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
I lucky one. 741 Howard st -
i WANTED — Man to learn a «t>od trade; paid
while learning. Call 618 Merchant, st
FOR sale — Well located barber shop; good
transient trade. Box 4881, Call.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr all parts of
_ e world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt
— ENwanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machirery; sewed soles 10 mln.. 75c
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ehips. HALLBERT. C17 Jackson t
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION atty.. _A.Bu!lls. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
' Part Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — TOO rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
Ire* 'bum and baggage to and from ferry, t
MOrat^ TO^JLbAM'--Cor.ttnn«d.^
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
. confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st. rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid*.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMATN, room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bufldlng.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly I
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address la the I
United States or Canada one year for JL
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $2700; ' first mortgage: . country
property: splendid security; ?H per Cent In-
terest; principals only. Box 873. Call office.
acAjrTBESSES Aanp PH.-OWB.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1482-34 Howard st; phone South 218.
MXWE3 AND VCCJtTNO.
FOR sale — American oil stock; Contra Costa
County. For particulars add, box 432. C— 1.
NTJBSE8.
SECOND ave.. 734. near Fulton — Home and
care for Invalids and for mental and nervous
cases: phone Page 2506.
OFFICES AITS STOBES TO —ET. '
DIAMOND. 819— Store and kitchen; good for
Christmas to make money.
PEBSQyAliS^^^^^^^^
"REXRADIO."
"DRUGLESS" TREATMENT BY "HU-
MANIZED RADIUM" POWER: PAINLESS.
HARMLESS. PLEASANT. RESULTS QUICK,
OFTEN "INSTANT." THE "DEAF" HEAR,
THE "LAME" WALK. "BLIND" SEE;
PAINS, TUMORS.' CANCERS. SUBSIDE;
CONSUMPTION, ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS,
PARALYSIS. ST. VITUS' DANCE^ ERY-
SIPELAS, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, TONSI-
LITIS, GOUT, SCIATICA, DEMENTIA. DIA-
BETES. BRIGHT'S DISEASE. HEART. KID-
NEY. LUNG. LIVER. BRAIN. STOMACH.
ETC.. AFFECTIONS. AND NUMEROUS
OTHER HUMAN ILLS HAVE YIELDED
"PROMPTLY" TO THIS POTENT "H. RA-
DIUM" FORCE (AFTER ALL OTHERS HAD
FAILED). NONE NEED DESPAIR. TERM3
TO SUIT MEANS. READ ADS.. THIS
COLUMN "YESTERDAY" AND "TO-MOR-
ROW." HOURS, 2 TO 7. FREE PUBLIC
LECTURE AND HEALING. 2 AND 8 DAILY.
783% MARKET, COR. FOURTH.
LADIES^ — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tings, bagglness of eyes or any blemish of
the face, Mme. GlUlngham invites you to
call and Investigate her wonderful and im-
proved method, known to no other in this
city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton st.; write for booklet.
M. ELLA HARRIS, French liquid powder;
gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
; lcate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresFes: will not rub off; send
only $1 and teet it for yourself. M. Ella Har-
ris, chemist and fkln specialist. 128 O>ary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth.sto.ps falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at drugrg-:ata\h_rdressera'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Pork.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralyEis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years : price 5Oc Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St.. B. F.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANB8E FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Flilmora et.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and SI 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post St.. near Powell.
ELECTROLYSIS, magnetism, massage parlors.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary st.
CHICLETS are splendid in the sickroom^
WANTED— Orders for burnt work. Box 4123.
Call office.
H. ANDERSON, 26 O'Farrell st— Theatrical.
masquerade and carnival costumer.
MRS DR. GWYER 511A Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
SUITS to order on installments of f 1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO., the tailors. 729 Market st. .
ELEGANT *ults to order extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; sults^ to order $15 up. LEMO3. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In "fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art. Tailoring. 1644 Mkt, under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 3C'.» Sutter. Mies Eaton.233 Geary.r.3S.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. cor. Bush -and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 M4ct.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color.? 1 at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — TTve Weekly Call.
16 pajres. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
Firat-clnss work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 1067 McAllister st; tel. Fell 2403.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bid*.. B32 Market et,
PTJBO— ASZXQ A5ESTCX-8.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin st,. room 49; tel. South 319.
STOP X>BX— '— ISO. t
GUARANTEED cure; send 6O0: tablet form
mailed In plain package: has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. 8. F.
TPEWWTI!M_AND SUPPLIES.
I AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
bicher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st \
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
B— A- ESTATE — COTJSTT-Y— -Tor Sal*.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
153 acres, Napo. Co.; 60 acres in cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying ;"besrutlful place; gentleman's home.
SHADBURNE. 403 Montgomery St.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Eend postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
048 Market st .
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents^ — The Weekly Call.
~Q r-ntres In wrapper, for malllnr. SI per r»«r.
8—1 MATEO MAL ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK — On line of San Mateo electrla
ears, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt and lust beyond where
the 6. P. Co.'s bay chore "cutoff" will Jola
the main line; 50- foot lots from $400 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes In front of every lot; pur*
. artesian * well water; 17S lots sold sines
Augukt 1; an exceptional opportunity ft »•-
. cure a lot In this desirable section: ta> '*•
' electric cars and get off at "LOlirTA
PARK" and In ves ttgate; maps sent on ap-
plication.
6ELBY, R0DQERS * CO.,
Tel. Main 673. 118 California «t
BEAL ESTATE TO EgCBAJTQH.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or 8. F. property
for ranches. J. H. EDSO.V. 14-aS Bacon
block. Oakland.
..."•* BANCH TO BENT.
A< SMALL place in the country for rent, suit-
able for. on eld couple; house, with barn and
chicken yard; rent reasonable. -Inquire C20
Grove st . . . ¦"-.
BE A_ ESTATE— CITY — TOB SAX—.
$e000_RENTS las PER MONTH.
Four new separate flats of 4 rooms and bath
each; modern in every respect; large lot. 5U\
100 ft; Mission warm belt, within half bloc*
of the Twenty-fourth-st. cars; pays L. per
cent per annum.
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Price only $5000; Eddy st. near Pierce; 2-
story house of 8 rooms and bath; new plumb-
Ing throughout; lot 25x137:8 ft; on car line.
OAK-ST. PARK FRONT LOTS.
Two lots. 25x137:8; on Oak st. between Cole
and Shrader; splendid lots for flats; price
$6000; owner anxious to sell; would make
terms easy; may trade for other property.
PRICE $S200— RENTS $66 PER MONTH.
Lot 27:6x120 to rear street; on the north
line of Fulton st, a short distance west of
Van Ness ave.: 2 houses of -6 rooms each on
Fulton st and 3 flats of 3 rooms each on
Asli ave.
$5750— THREE-FLAT BUILDING— *S750.
Something hard to obtain In the Western
Addition: 3 flats for less than $11,000; we offer
3 flats of 5, 6 and 6 rooms and bath on lot 15x
106:3 In a desirable renting locality in West-
ern Addition: vicinity of MxAllister and Baker
sts.; rents $38S per annum; price $S750.
$3900— RENTS $360 A* YEAR— $3900.
Two flats of 4 and 5 rooms and hath each; in
good condition; lot 25x137:6; on Pine st; a
fine tittle Investment for your money.
BRANCH OFFICE BALDWIN A HOWELL,
Corner H at. and Seventh ave..
Sunset District
Headquarters for Property North and South
of the Park.
Agents for Parnassus Heights, from First to
8eventh aves. and from H to Pernassus ave. A
perfect residence site.
$1400 "and upward — Beautiful residence lots
in this district facing Golden Gate Park;
bituminized streets, cement sidewalks, fina |
view; elegant homes going- up rapidly.
$1000— Choice home lots on 21st ave.. on car
line and fronting Golden Gate Park; $150 cash,
$1C per month. Only a few left See them
to-day. ¦ JL.
$25O-$300— Boulevard lots between M and N.
facing the ocean; $50 cash. $5 per month.
$550 and upward — Grand marine view lots on
Sutro Heights Addition. adjoining Sutro
Heights Golden Gate Park and the Pacific
Ocean. The most beautiful suburban residence
tract In this city. Nothing to equal it on the
market. Handy to three car lines. Your own
terms.
$75 and upward— Lots scattered throughout
the Sunset and Richmond districts. It pays
you to call on us before buying a lot.
. $4150—2 beautiful 6-room homes; new. mod-
ern and up-to-date: terms.
$3400— Two colonial residences, elegantly
finished; 7 rooms, social hall, finished base-
ment, etc. ; '•
$6000— Two colonial residences, well built
and of modern architecture; on the choicest
avenue of Parnaesus Heights; 28-feet frontage.
See them. Your own erms.
We have cottages and houses of 3 or more
rooms from $1000 upward. See us. Our
phaeton and salesman always on hand to
show you around. -
Call on BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Branch Office,
Corner H and Seventh ave.. Sunset.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 2S PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract;
-' level as a billiard table; on grade; close to
fine school and Mission-st electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocean Boulevard; best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one tor Christmas.
W. J. WHITE.
86 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Mala 5704.
$2750— LARGE 8-room house. 47 Arlington st:
could be made Into flats with very little
expense; near Mission and Guerrero st cars;
$1750 mortgage can stand. D. COFFIN, 2528
MIesion st, near Twenty- first.
~~- SNAP— FOR SALE
Lot 50x100; prfce $600; Felton et. between
Ean Bruno ave. and Glrard st. San Francisco.
Inquire Owner. 611 _ Broadway.
FOR sale— 3 colonial houses. S rooms, bath
and basement; beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny; east side of Tsnth ave., near
I it. Sunset Hallett & Gee. on premises.
MODERN cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; on terms
same as rent. Apply owner, lumber yard,
corner Army and Condon sts.
$1400— TERMS If «J«sired; 36- foot front; block
of 19th and Valencia; street work compltta.
The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. 1C Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mum al
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$3500— COTTAGE. 5 room* and bath; Vermont
St.. near 25th: bargain. Box S61. Call office.
A NEW B-room residence Just completed. See
owner. 625 Seventh ave., Richmond.
MODERN bathrooms fitted up; estimates.
Ahlbach. A Mayer. Plumbers. "S36 Howard st
HOUSES built cheap; plans, free. Builder.
43« Parrott building.
—AYWABDSJBEA— ESTATE^^^
14 ACRES, with small house, good barn,
chicken-houses, plenty of wood and water;
near town: $3500.
6}j acres; 5-room house, barn. 6 or 7 chicken-
houses. 2 brooder-houses with heaters; yards
fenced with wire fence; horse, buggy, har-
ness, cow, .'500 fine young chickens: part land
in fruit: fine vUw; ntar town: $1350 can re-
main en mortgage: only $3500.
25 acres, with tt-room two-story house, barn,
well, windmill and tank: several acres tn
fruit and vines; Dlenty of wood and water;
2 H miles from town; $4500.
Unimproved acreage and town property of
every description. Call or address P. WI_>
BERT, Haywards. Cal.
OAKLAND APVEBT'S'M'Ta
OFFICE, 101 Q BROADWAY.
OA__ AND BEAIt ESTATE.
DR. MERRITT ESTATE PROPERTT FOR
SALE.
We have been appointed exclusive agents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merritt Hospital
for the sale of all the property belonging to the
said hospital and fronting on Jackson, Madl-
scn. Oak. Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. includ-
ing "The Willows," on Oak st, extending; back
to Lake Merritt, recently under option to the
city of Oakland for park purposes; also the
Merritt homestead. "*_
We have both Improved, and unimproved
properties to offer; most desirable residence
properties In Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE US.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1032 Broadway.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to sell I
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties* acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you want
a bargain call or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1062 Broadway.
BELDEN' S BARGAINS.
$750 — Choice corner lot on Frultvale ave.;
60x123; a snap. /
$3100— Reduced from {3250: pretty 6-room
cottage and lot 40x100. on* Adeline, near 12th.
$320O— Another pretty 8-room cottage and
lot 35x100; nicely located; about ten minutes'
walk from business center.
13250 — Fine 6-room cottage and lot 45xlOO
on Jones st. near Telegraph ave; very central.
$2500— Reduced from $2900: pretty shingle
bungalow of 5 rooms, all modern, and lot 30x
120; near Thirty-sixth and West sts. and
Key Route depot; easy terms.
$2375- Handsome new .1-room cottage and
lot 31x100: near Thirty-fourth and West sts..
and Key Route depot: easy terms. BELDEN
REAL ESTATE, 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$2400— Reduced from $2900; owner and
builder financially embarrassed: must sell;
cottage of 5 rooms, bath; all modern con-
veniences, with 9-foot basement, constructed
so as to be made Into a flat of 5 rooms
more: lot large and sunny; right near Key
Route station at Fortieth and San Pablo;
only 27 minutes to Sao Francisco; terms, $330
cash, balance mortgage at ¦ low rats of In-
terest. Remember, the house Is new. mod-
ern; first-class. First come first served.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$5500— AN elegant 8-room house and modern
bath and lot fiOxlCO; all improved In lawn
and 'cement walks; house is elegantly car-
peted and mostly furnished with first-class
furniture; positively a sacrifice. See owner.
R. E. CALLAHAN. 26 Montgomery »t
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'-ITS
•s' OA__AXn> BEA— ESTATE.
$730 CASH.' balance to suit buyers; neat cot-
tage, unfinished. 4 rooms; 10 lot.t. ¦_'."...¦::.:,
all fencej; immense shale and fruit trees;
stately oaks ar.J laurel; nicely sheltered frcrn
fegs and winds: near cars and high grade
school; in an Meal spot for a retired home;
soil deep, sandy loam; adjoining Eaat OaJc-
land: price all told. $1750; this 1» a rare bar-
gain. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., cpp. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
=
AN exceptional opportunity to secure a strictly
up-to-date anil first-class apartment-hou*-.
centrally located, on a prominent corner; larg^
net Income, which can be increased; long
lease; parties with highest references only
need apply. HARRY L. HOLCOMB, 314
San Pablo ave., Oakland. Cal. ,
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont;
fine neighborhood; good location: near car
line: will sell cheap: must be seen to bo ap>
predated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th st.
TWO lots. 25x100. with cottage In North Oak-
land, close to Key* route power-house and 2
blocks to local train: only $1000; investlgat#
this. Inquire 2405 Telegraph ave.
rTTRirTTTTBE TOB waT.11.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnN
ture. H. Schelhaas^-llth st.cor.store.Oak'.and
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'STS
BERKE1ET ItELAL ESTATE. *
____
—$3500—
A CHOICE horn* on Delaware st, Berkeley: 9
rooms and bath; lot 40x133; new and modern;
sunny exposure; fine viaw; easy terms ot
payment it desired; no trouble to- show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (_«.).
1172 Broadway, corner Foul 'taaath «c,
Oakland.
$3000 — NEW 2-story 6-room house; 'lot 40x113;
$400 cash, balance $-0 per month; one block
from station; one block to cars.
$1500 — Four acres. 3 blocks of station: not
far out: well worth $25<X). MORAN A
SWAIN, opp. Berkeley station.
$1SCO— HERE Is a snap. You pay for the housa
what It. is worth and y u get the lot. 2oxl5t>.
free at a local station across the bay; store
and 2 living rooms below. 6 living room*
above. Box 409. Call office,
BERKELEY — House to lease on large corner
lot; 12 rooms: every convenience; abundance
of trees, flowers, fruit; best location: near
College ave.; near electric line: rent $Uk>.
Address J. S. B.. Berkeley P. O. -
$3150 — NEW, mooerc, 7-room house: 15 min-
utes from North Berkeley station: hi<b
ground; fine view. R. A. BERRY A CO..
Postofflce block. Berkeley.
San Francisco Advertisem'ta
BOOKS rOB_BOTJS_S-PX2rO.
A SUNNY floor of 3 rooms, alcove and bath:
completely furnished; Extern exposure; 5
minutes' walk to Kearny st. Phone Main
3055. or apply afternoon 13C9 Taylor st
BRYANT. 444 — 2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping, with gas-
CLAY. 1615. nr. Polk^-Large front suite: un-
furnished: housekeeping; 1 front single room,
DOLORE3. 9S4. near " Twenty- third — Two
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. 804 — Two «nn^, housekeeping room*
FIFTEENTH, 2136. north Market— 3 unfur-
nished rooms; renovated; adults.
FOLSOM. 1107B— Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; gas, bath.
FRANKLIN. 20—20 Sunny furnished rooms,
single or for housekeeping.
GEARY. 1225 — Completely furnished suite for
housekeeping, bath, etc.; atso 3-room cot-
tage with yard; $21 per month.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 631 — Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 323 — Large front parlor, gas range. 3
beds. $3 75 wk.; other rooms. $3 and $175.
KEARNY. 104 — Bay window front suite and
kitchen; $20; sunny; adults; references.
LARKIN. 819H— Nice sunny furnished rocm;
every convenience for housekeeping: $12 mo.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny apartments: ste^m heat; oen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1S4O Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths: rates reasonable)
NATOMA, 7« — Sunny front room, well fuxnlsb,-
ed for housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $3 to
$12: gas range; hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL. 122»— Newly furnished house-
keeping rooms: suites or single: reasonable.
POST. 962— Sunny front suite $15; pleasant
single rooms *5, $*, $10; gas. phone.
SACRAMENTO, 1490— Front sunny furnished
housekeeping suites. $15 to $25 per month.
SANCHEZ. B09. near Eighteenth— Large, sun-
ny sitting-room, alcove bedroom, kitchen;
reasonable.
SCOTT. 300. near Halght— 2 or 3 extra sunny
housekeeping rooms; low price.
TENTH. 306^ — Three completely furnished
housekeeping rooms: new fiat; hot and cold
water; electric lights and gas free; $23 50.
THE LAUNSTON. 110 Eddy— Newly furnish-
ed; best transient bouse. In city; 50c. $1.
THIRD, 314 — 2 parlor suites. $12; 1 rocm. $8:
quiet folks 1 enly; private family.
THIRTEENTH, 174 — S tinfurnlshed rooms for
housekeeping ;> adults; $10. —
TREAT ave., 676, near Twentieth— Two sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; $12 &<>.
TURK. 834 — Sunny alcove room for house-
keeping with running water, kitchen and
grate; reasonable^
TURK. 16<X5 — Three large, nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; sunny; bath, porch,
stationary tubs; $12 month.
VAN NESS, 232 — Nicely furnished snnny front
bay-window corner; separate kitchen; $1$.
WALLER. 71 — Regular dining-room and
kitchen of new house; fine view; sun all day.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church «t».
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market sC. opposite FU— .
Open until 11 p. m.
APABTBCEKT HOTJ3X3.
THE Everett Apartment3, S29 Fell. nr. Fill-
more — Most elegant apartments in city: %
and 5 rooms, furnished and unfurnished; sun
all day; elevator, telephone; $35 up.
COLE. 405C— Sunny furnished 4-room apart-
ment: piano: very desirable: references.
ROOMS TO IET — Turn, and TJnfnrB.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms: hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first -class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK house. 14S Sixth St.— P.ocma
25c to $t per night $1 25 to 15 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st->— Rooms, 25c. 50e. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house cpen all night
i AVON* 473 Geary — New house. Just opened ;
suite and sine!* rooms; private baths; spe-
cial rates to tourists. -
AKDELL HOUSE, 15 Page— Large furnished
rooms. $1 25. $1 50 week; housekeping. $2 up.
BELMOXD House; over Owl drux stoje: 2 en-
trances, lr-'tt Market ami 21 Turk— Electric
lUhta; rur.nlns water In every room; * -O
I rooms; 25c to Cue per night; $1 20 to $3 week.
BRYANT, 51S — I sunny 'unfurnished roonn;
sunny; rear; rent $9. __^^________
CALIFORNIA 12SJ — Nice, sunny room; run-
ning water, 'larga closet; gentleman or !aay.
EDDY. 210 — Two front *unny rooms, suitabl«
for 2 gems, cr man and wife.
EDDY. 404— Large bav-wircti;>w NE. cor. suit*
or single room; quiet, private flat; sun all
day. ¦ __ m
FIRST. 317— Small front furnished «_y
rocm.
MXSCZ:— LANE OUS — FOB SAX-.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with claterite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures: cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-2. r >5 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. .Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
' JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale — Automobile delivery wagon; good
as new; cheap. Call A. FODERA'S, 520
Montgomery st
REPUTABLE place to j-ent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 8d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly pay menu. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st. room 12. upstairs.
$40 — A FINE hammerless 10-gaugs shotgun;
cost $250 new In England. 892. Lombard St.,
6 to 8 p. m.
LEAKY roof? No. If painted with BURNETT
Paint Co.'s paint A word to the wise Is
sufficient. 306 Parrott building.
PEDIGREED collie pups; sell or trade; what
have you? 4S46 Nineteenth st; Castro cars.
WANTED — Buyer for second-hand furniture,
books and clothing. 105 Fifth st, room 10.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
SELLING our roller-canaries and others at
reduced crices. 31CS Sixteenth st.
INVALIDS' reclining rolling chair. $10. 176
Colllngwood st.. near Eighteenth and Castro.
DEEP- WELL drilling outfit; ft earn power.
William Edward & Co., Ill-Fremont st.
STOVES disconnected and connected; $2 50;
plumbing.gasflmg.409 McAlllster;tel.Mlnt 3056
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st
Wallpaper, S^c; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Meriga.n.1302 Webstentel.Stelner 3671.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. L FREEMAN. 1323 Market st
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. Th» Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt
FULL line of drummers* samples In grips and
trunks; for tale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant fealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN ft TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. liS Montgomery st,
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third :tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st. : tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullaxd * Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all Fire*. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MIS CELL ArrXOTJB WARTS.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount food second-hand
clothing 1 ; special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 022 Foisom: tel Foisom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' caat-
off clothtug.Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious atones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405. Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny at ; phone Black 3030.
WANTED— Store In good location for saloon
business. Box 820, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st : tel. Je«sl« 8916.
Levy & R*dler. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoos; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
MUSICAL I27BTKUMEKTS.
ARISTOCRAT among pianos— the Gabler;.
oldest, exclusive, high-class piano In Amer-
ica; over 60,000 sold in the past 50 years.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary it., S.
F.; 1252 Broadway. Oakland: manufacturers
of the Peerless Heine; largest stock and
greatest variety; Installments and rents $2
up; prices from $25 to $1000.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Museard— Small upright, fine order.
Fischer— Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chlckering— Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new.
from $95 up: easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell «t.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month: one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. B60 Hayes st.
ELEGANT upriRhts.new & 2d-hand.$45 to $500.
Pierce' s Piano Factory. Market & 14th sts.
FOR gale — Cheap; talking machine. Victor,
with 75 records. 1363 San Bruno ave.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st. .
KOHMEH. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelia n piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby Rrar.d;
Phonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year
MONEY TO Z.OAIT.
— M A^Sa^Xn^T^AjT^'c^MPANY^ '(IncTP^
...ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6V6 AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds.
legacies and - undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Bolt* 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 6924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no 'disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, ' undivided Inter- '
cits, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY. .
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country. :.-.:..
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— ~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one.* confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 38.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
906 Market; tel. Mala 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned 'to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: aaay payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bids;.
ON salaries, insurance policies,, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st,
near Market.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st.
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
-2 per cent per month. .
PRIVATE^ — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds -or chattels: no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 523 Parrott hid.
1 1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 20 Montgomery st, no. 21.
MONEY, chattels,' other propositions. Barman &
. Hal L room 1213 Call bldg; phone Mala 3214. '
FLATS TO LET.
I i'("'-T"Sns and fiat* to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage o f
!M( dejiaitment; it wiil save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 2_-S9 Geary
bt., oa the s«uare.
liTTAGES. houses and flats to let; every de-
FiT^bie vacant place tn San Franci««co on
• •¦j.r httf. service absolutely free; let us find
:cu a x > 'ao p : ccme in ar.d let us know what
¦¦ • 1 you war.t tn pay and the locality: "we |
.: ¦ the rest." Sterling Furniture Company, 1
lf-^ Market ft., opp. McAllister. _
3C8OCE ave.. 257. near Market— Elegant new
modf-rn Cat (middle). « rooms, bath, etc.;
?32 60; key upstairs.
NEW" building; 2 elegant modern flats; 5
rooms. $30; ii rooms and attic, $35. Golden
Gate ave. and Central ave.
KIJ-IP. h~_— 2 large parlors and kitchen for
pttj-sAdan, hairdresser or milliner; $30; re-
cently finish«*d. ;.¦ ¦
KECT 5-rocm fiat; price IU75O: up to date; east
side of Central ave.. between Golden Gate
s»ve. and McAllister Et.
f-nCOND-Etory Cat; 7 eunny rooms and bath-
room; 2 attic rooms and bssementj marine
view. 142S Green St.. near Van Ness ave.
1 LEGANT up-to-date new flat«. 31OS-10-12
Clay St.. near Baker; 7 and S moms; l.ght
euany. well fin.; beam celllng-s; rent reduced.
I-ARKIN, 19"<"> 19"6. 1044. near Broadway-
New modem 'flats. 7 and 8 rooms; rent re-
duced to $00. $C5. $37 50.
HYDE. 1731— Flat. 4 rooms and bath.
CAETRO. €73. near 20th — Modern sunny flat,
6 rooms. Ftable or without stable, reasonable.
n«AT of 7 susrsy ro<?ms and bath; Mission
warm belt. 34'5 Clth St., bet Capp-Howard.
FOURTEENTH, 12SB. cor. Ehotwell— Bay-
wtcdow 2at; « sur.r.y rooms; bath: $27 50.
HARRISON. 2S11. near 21st — 4 jootaa and
ts"l:. modern and sunny; rent $17.
IH'GO. &31. near S'.txh ave. — New sunny mod-
em flat; tinted; near Park; $25.
.TINIPER. 3SH. b»t- Tenth and Eleventh, off
- r.\ — 4 nice rooms; low rent
NHW modern upper furry Cat. 5 rooms aod
bath; rent $22 TiO. 3*23 Twenty-fourth st
NICE Fanny upper flat: gTand marine view; 6
rooms, bath; SE. cor. Jones and Broadway.
TT"RK. lf05-I509. ct. St°ln»r — Mod. upper cor.
f.at. « rooms, bath. $*.>; 5 rooms, bath. $25.
TTPElt Bat, 7 rooms and bath. 850 Hairht
ttreet.
LARGEST list cf hTOs»e and flats to let Call
rn LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery et.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — Th« 'Weekly Call.
lfi r«r<*<« lr. wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FIATS TO _ gT-— jyOBaiggEp.^
]"L\T o? three large rur.ny rooms, coal and
ge* range, bath. !srge yard; 120. 4226
Twenty-f Ixth et., Castro st. cars.
DIAMOND. *::*— Flat of 3 sur.r.y furnished
rocms; hot ard coid water.
r_s_arcT*T..
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
CaplUJ paid In $4.«0O.0OO 00
Surplus SH0.KO1 bfl
bsaei
Six ser eent
Znve»tir.ert Certificates
At rar.
OTflc^— No. 14 Sersome street.
6&n FTsnelsco, Cal.
IX'VT risk your money "in questionable vent-
ures when you can tbtaln "First Mortgage
Go'.d Bonds" (first lien on downtown business
property) paying a good rste cf interest and
ci> secure ar Government bonds; single bonds
$500 00 each; interest parable quarterly; at-
torneys seeking invertmentg for clients and
trustees of estate* should lnve*tirate this at
one*. "Bends," 39 Crocker building.
EtTCE^SFVL money >nd»rs will s.-wn open
arxther. office and offer an Interest and po-
t tier: »o the right man who can furnish
part cf lo&r.able funds as wanted; this Is
an exceptional opportunity to establish a
FOB&C man in a sound business, much like
tanking: references required. Address box
IMS. CalK office.
''.ANTED— To purchase Realty Ej-n«1icate
oertlflrate*. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PANY. 107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed; mining cr patents: stock
eoid: rtrorg EtM"rn connections: advice free.
~rlt» A. F. HARAPZTHY. 522 CroM'.ey Mr.
ri'UNlTUES WAS'l'IIP.
ABE LEVY.
&Ue«rrvwn. 1135 Market et. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
rJfare, «tc. until you get his estimate.
"ILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will *«11 on commission. L. H.
BURD. au«v. l»»fl Market; phon* Jessie 233fl.
CALL on Alfred Wollp^rt, 773 Mission st. b*-
for» eeiling your furniture, rh^ne Red 4462.
2*U_3MTU_22 FOB BAIiB.
HENRY MAYER pays behest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etr. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 613
AN offer wanted on furniture of nine-room flat.
178 Oak ct.. near Gough.
JTELP^ WAJTSD— PEMAIJL
COOK for small restaurant $30
Cock, no w_sh. Mill Valley $30
C'*ck. ranch. Iieclcia $25
Cock ar.d downstairs work, city $30
2 colored girU, housework $20
Becor.d girl. Ross Valley $25
Cfcair.bcr__d and laundress .........$25
3 second girls $20 and $25
Hcwteketper lor city «20
V7>«_'.rs girl and nurse *2O
House-work. Of—land *25
2 womn, with a child, country $20 and *23
Hous*work, Mountain View $23
40 general housework girls, city and coun-
try 120, $25 and $30
Apply to J. F. CROSBTT A CO.. 334 Sutter st
A — "WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreesinj:.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: tuition SS to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
sruaraoteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St.. room IS.
VT ANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall M-ason; both reasons taught from start
to Cr.l*h In one month for $5; positions ac
trimmers, calesladies, makers, guaranteed at
•10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors, 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
JL — PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees petition* ; only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
end evening classes ; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st. £
' ____
FOTTR rood waitresses, call early; an A-No. 1
Ftenofrapher. call early; ail girls call and
leave jour name*; no register fee. Rooms
<S12-«13 Grant building.; phone South 104.
REMUNERATIVE employment moderate *al.
arr and liberal commissions for a limited
number of ladles; must be well dressed, well
«-dur<ue<! and good conversationalists. Apply
fiurtrir afternoon, room 521. Starr-King bldg.
WANTED — Bxperleaced saleslady for laces.
Apply superintendent's office. The Em-
I'rio.
APPRENTICE eirl wanted on pants; pay'
while learning. €28 Montgomery st, room
3.1. fourth floor.
TAILOKEES and apprentice on custom coats;
steady work; good pay. 533 Natoma st
_____ ,
AVAITRESS at 1338 Market St.
OIRL fr>r general housework; wages $20. 720
Cole t
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework
end baby; sieep home. 1702A Sacramento.
LADIES for steady home employment: $8 to
*12 weekly. Emma £preckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket St., room €18.
VOL'NG ladles to study for the stare! Box
•97, Call office. ,
Thoroughly experienced salesladies
for ribbena, lsres and fancy goods depart-
ment*. Bex &06. Call efflce.
EXPERIENCED and Inexperienced bindery
rirlfi. Apply at SANBORN. VAIL & CO "6
741 Market st.
APPRENTICES and eood makers wanted In
gilllln*ry store. 632 McAllister «t
- -
'WUL at silk factory. 31 Jessie street.
A YOUNG erlrl to leaan con«>tmaklng. Apply
Patent Corset. 15*3 Sacramento st
TOUNG woman for housework and to tend 'to
Invalid. 712 Sixth St.. Oakland.MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Nov. 14. —
The fifth trial of Dr. A.. A. Ames will
begin on November 28. jilhe case was
set to-day on motion ff Assistant
County Attorney Jelley and the work
of preparing a special venire of 100
men began at once. ' >sW '
Fifth Trial of Ames.
TRINIDAD, Colo.. Nov. 14.— The
Coroner's jury which investigated the
Tercio mine disaster. In which nine
teen miners were killed, has returned
a verdict to the effect that the deaths
"were caused by a dust explosion,' for
which the, •Rock:'- Mountain Coal and
Iron Company was "partially respon
sible."
Company Blamed for Deaths.
AUSTIN, Texas, Nov. 14.— In a fight
between a bear and a bull at Chihau
hua, Mexico, on Sunday, the bull
broke through the bars of its cage
and the bear followed him, causing
a panic among the big crowd of spec
tators. > Many women and children
were trampled upon and severely in
jured.
Bull am! Bear Break From Cage.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14. — Stricken with
smallpox, Mrs. W. C. Waterbury, a
Michigan Christian Scientist, and her
son are (jonflned in the isolation hos
pital here, while her mother, another
son and a cousin are quarantined in
their, home. Mrs. Waterbury had vis
ited the home of a person here af
flicted with the smallpox. She ' con
tracted the disease and soon after her
son was similarly afflicted. . .
Health Department officials learned
of her visit to her friend and her
home was immediately quarantined.
Mrs. Waterbury's condition is critical.
Her Son Stricken While
in Chicago.
Christian Scientist of Michigan and
CONTRACTS SMALLPOX FROM
A FRIEND SHE VISITED
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Nov. 14. —
Three Chinese, after being tracked
from San Francisco to South Bend by
Government secret service men, have
been arrested and taken to Chicago.
The Chinese, it is claimed, were re
cently smuggled inta the' United States
and when the chase became hot they
were shipped into South Bend in
trunks, hoping to throw the detectives
oft the trail.
Traced From San Francisco to In
diana by Secret Service
Acrentsj
S3IUGGLED CHINESE ARE
SHIPPED IN TRUNKS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. — Presi
dent Roosevelt will shortly sign an or
der, completed to-day by the Civil
Service and Isthmian Canal commis
sions, extending the civil service regu
lations to the employes of the canal
commission. The order affects all em
ployes except those appointed by the
President and laborers. Besides about
thirty places are excepted, such as the
secretary to the commission, the sec
retary to the Governor General of the
zone and the customs collector of the
zene.
Will Be Made Applicable by Presi
dent's Order Wherever It
Is Feasible.
CIVIL SERVICE EXTENDED
TO THE ISTHMIAN CANAL
BOSTON, Nov. 14. — Frank S. Isreal,
captain of the United Fruit Com
pany's ' steamship Admiral .Dewey,
which reached port yesterday from
Jamaican ports, committed suicide by
shooting himself through the heart on
board his vessel last Thursday, then
in the vicinity of the Bahamas. The
only cause assigned for the act is
temporary mental aberration. Chief
Oflicer James D. Clark assumed com
mand ol> the ship and brought ner
into port.
His Life in Vicinity of the
Bahamas.
Commander of Fruit Steamship Takes
SHIP'S CAPTAIN" SHOOTS
HIMSELF WHILE AT SEA
who says he heard Mrs. Noble say
that she shot her husband after he
had struck her. She denies having
made such a statement. Noble was
clerk in the Fifth-street Police Court,
where the woman was to-day ar
raigned.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. — In an
opinion by Justice Day the Supreme
Court of the United States to-day re
versed the decision of the Supreme
Court of the State of California in the
case of Carolina W. Dobbins against
the <jjty of Los Angeles. Mrs. Dob
bins sought an injunction to prevent
the violation of her rights, threatened
by an arbitrary change of the boun
daries of a district of the city in which
she had been authorized to construct
gas works after she had made a large
outlay for that purpose.
The Supreme Court of California re
fused by a divided court to grant re
lief, but the Supreme Court of v the
United States held that Mrs. Dob
bins' rights had been violated under
the terms of the fourteenth amend
ment to the constitution of the United
States. "* '
Ruling in Case of a Los
Angeles Woman.
Nation's Highest Tribunal Changes
New York Woman Alleged to Have
Asserted That She Shot Him
Down.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— Mrs. Pat
ton Noble, whose husband was found
dead at midnight last night at his
home in Long Island City, was ar
raigned to-day on a charge of homi
cide. She appeared before Magistrate
Smith in Long Island City and was
ordered committed without bail.
The charge was based on investi
gation made by Policeman Deboe,
ACCUSED OF CAUSING
DKATII OF HER HUSBAND
DECISION OF CALIFORNIA
SUPREME COURT REVERSED
DENVER. Colo.. Nov. 14. — Unless
the Ute Indians, who have been run
ning wild after game in Rio Blanco
County, return to their reservation in
Utah within the next few days
Federal troops will be sent after them.
Captain C. G. Hall of the Fifth Cav
alry has been notified by the Inte
rior Department to have his troops in
readiness to go after the Indians as
soon as Captain Clark of the Indian
police calls upon him for aid.
The Game Commissioner has re
ceived a telegram from D. C. Bea
man, counsel for the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company, who is on a hunt
ing trip, in which he says the Indian
police have gone after the Utes and
expect to drive them back into the
reservation. Chief Game Warden
Frederick A. Gordon is co-operating
with Captain Clark, and no trouble is
expected. V*. ".'
Indians In Quest of Game In Colorado
Warned to Return to the Res- ,
ervation.
CAVALRY 3LAY BE SENT
TO ROUND UP THE UTES
It is believed the library will be a
toal loss. Many rare and valuable
volumes were on the shelves. The
less to the library, Vance Furniture
Company, Commercial Club and busi
ness college will, it is believed, aggre
gate more than $100,000.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Nov. 14. —
Knoxville suffered another serious fire
to-day, the second in three days In its
business district. This afternoon the
Lawson-McGhee Library building was
discovered on fire. .The fire originated
in 'the basement and spread rapidly,
soon enveloping the entire building.
The first floor of the building was oc
cupied by the Vance Furniture Com
pany. The Public Library and the
Commercial Club take up the second
floor. The third floor and top floor
were occupied by the Knoxville Busi
ness College. All the occupants of the
building escaped from the building
without injury.
Second Disastrous Fire of the Week
Visits the Tennessee
City.
VALUABLE LIBRARY
BURNED IN KNOXVILIiE
Smith was a* large operator on the
Chicago Board of Trade and a di
rector in a number of local corpora
tions. '. V -
The sea voyage left him still more
weakened and a further stop for re
cuperation was found necessary in
New York. He appeared to Improve
as he reached home, but soon his
condition changed for the worse.
Bright's disease with complications
caused death.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14. — After having
won a race with death from Carlsbad,
Bohemia, to Chicago, George T.
Smith, a capitalist, is dead at his
residence. Accompanied by his wife,
he had ¦ gone to the foreign health
resort, hoping to combat successfully
a disease which had baffled the phy
sicians of this country.
Several months were spent at Carls
bad by Mr. and Mrs. Smith before
his advisers warned him there was no
hope of his recovery. He determined
at once to risk the homeward voyage
in the hope that he would once again
see his father, brother and sister, in
Chicago. Two weeks ago Smith left
Carlsbad. In Paris his strength gave
out and he was obliged to stop and
rest.
From Carisbiul and Dies in
Chicago.
George T. Smith, a Capitalist, Hastens
HIS LIFE SPARED UNTIL
HE REACHES HIS HOME
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. 14. — In a hall,
the decorations of which are the na
tional colors of the United States and
Mexico, the twelfth National Irriga
tion Congress will be called to order at
10 o'clock Tuesday morning. A band,
sent as a special compliment to the
convention by President Diaz, will ren
der the music. Secretary of Agri
culture Robert A. Gayol of Mexico Is
here as the President's special repre
sentative and fifty other Mexican dele
gates are also present, making the
meeting of national importance.
. The flrst day will be devoted to ad
dresses of welcome and responses, ap
pointment of committees, reading of
telegrams and letters and routine mat
ters. Portland, Or., is the first place
In the field for the next convention,
but the Denver delegation, which ar
rived to-night, will make a fight for
the next meeting. Portland seems to
be favored by the advance delegates.
Most of the officers of the congress
are here and many distinguished visit
ors are expected to be present. Cali
fornia is well represented and has a
magnificent fruit display.
The engineers of the United States
Reclamation Survey opened their ses
sion this morning. They are discuss
ing various enterprises now under sur
vey or construction in the arid West
and will Join the irrigation congress
in its sessions later.
California on Hand at El Paso With
a Magnificent Display 7 V
of Fruits.
MEXICO SENDS DELEGATES
TO IRRIGATION CONGRESS
"To enforce ordinances tending to
preserve the city in a sanitary condi
tion.
"To enforce landlords to live up to
their leases, and supply heat and make
promised improvements.
"To co-operate with labor unions and
all other lawful organizations working
in the interest of the landless class."
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— Now the tenants
propose to organize. Following the foot
steps of unionized factory workers, as
sociated employers and organized prop
erty owners, the flat dwellers and house
holders of Chicago propose to get to
gether In an association which alms,
among other things, to regulate and re
duce rents. The means of reducing
rents, according to a prospectus which
became public to-day, is to boycott
"unfair" landlords. By co-operating
with the labor unions it is planned to
prevent deliveries of coal and provisions
to the apartments of renters who per
sist in living upon premises where al
leged exorbitant rates are charged.
The prospectus is as follows:
"To regulate rents and expose rent
raising conspiracies.
"To furnish legal advice to members
and defend them in litigation for their
rights.
"To promote agitation for civic im
provements, such as abolishing sign
boards and other eyesores, for which
landlords receive rent.
An examination showed that one
of the steel braces beneath the stern
had pulled loose and that the rear
end of the car was tilted upward,
throwing the propeller into the upper
works. M. Francois stated the dam
age could be repaired within a few
hours and that, weather permitting,
a flight would be made to-morrow.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 14. — An accident
brought the test flight of the Fran
cois airshiu to an abrupt termination
to-day after the flying: machine had
been in the air fifteen minutes, dur
ing which its dirigibility was not sat
isfactorily demonstrated owing, the
inventor stated, to the absence of the
rudder. The ascension was made at
the end of a rope, and it was an
nounced that the principal object of
the lllg-ht was to test the balance of
the car and ascertain whether the air
ship could be guided by means of the
fans without the use of the rudder.
The airship rose at 3:42 p. m. It
ascended to a height of about 100
feet before its rise was checked by
those holding the guide ropes. In the
car were Hippolite Francois of France,
the inventor and director of the air
ship, and his French engineer, M.
Schneider.
The airship progressed slowly in
a westerly direction, and M. Fran
cois then attempted to turn the flying
machine around. He stopped the
fans on the right side, but though
the pair on the left side revolved
swiftly, there was no perceptible
change in the course of the airship,
and it was dragged around by those
holding the ropes. ':•
Shortly after this a sharp, break
ing noise was heard, and a fewfBec
onds later one of the stern propellers
struck the upper framework several
hard blows, breaking' the propeller
and splintering several of the under
supports. Francois signaled to
those on the ground and the airship
was. pulled down and take,n into the
aerodrome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Francois Machine Breaks Its
Propeller After Being in
the Air Fifteen Minutes
New Organization to Affil
iate With Labor Bodies
in Carrying Out Reforms
WAR OX HIGH REXTS
TEST AT WORLD'S FAIK
Eises a Short Distance, but
Is Held and Guided by
Ropes From the Ground
"Unfair" Landlords in the
Environs of Will
Be Boycotted Hereafter
FRENCH SHIP
FAILS TO FLY
TENANTS PLAN
TO FORM UNION
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
14
25£Z5:
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for It.
VIA VI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
PiriPEKD KOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — Claremont OH Company on
Dec. 1, 19Oi will pay a dividend (No. 6).
amounting to $4500 equal to lc per share
on Its Issued capital stock. Transfer books
close Friday, Nov. 25. 1904. at 5 p. m., pay-
able at company's office, room 731, Mills
bldg.. San Francisco. GEO. J. REMING-
TON. Secretary.
STUTTEEING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market,
cures: estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to S p.m.
MAimiAGE L.ICEXSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows: ¦.;¦.,;¦.!
Robert W. Ebey. 40, 824 Kearny street, and
Marie Christensen 23 824 Kearny street.
Arthur Farrow. 22. Salem. Or., and Beulah
Butler. 19. Mendon, Mich.
Matthew L. Mulcahy. 2S, 1611 Lombard
street, and Grace M. Hagerty, 2S. 1641 Lom-
bard street.
Alfred G. Urry 24. 725 Ashbury street, and
Maybel Peck, 22, 1022 Ellle street. --.•.-¦
Rosendo C. Lopez. 24, 913 Broadway, and
Luclnda Gonzales 1U'. 013 Broadway.
Frank Hoeschler. 36. city, and Edith Smith.
29 city.
August F. Schuppert. 47. 616 Filbert street,
and Alice M. Fabris. 27. 1714 Mason street.
Frank de Mara, 2S San Mateo; and Frances
M. Peters. 19. city. '
Samuel W. Demming, 45, city, and Mattie S.
Griffith. 37. city.
Adolph J. Bloom. 31. Petaluma, and Eva
Howell. 23. Hopland.
Conrad Severin. 45, San Mateo. and Sophie
Andersen. o9, San Mateo.
Walter J. Browning. 20. 715 Post street, and
Winifred F. Osborna, 23. 715 Post street.
Giuseppe Pera. 25. 724 Front street, and
Zita Bersaglieri, 1710 Mason street.
Timothy Donovan, 45, city, and Mary
Kenealy, 37 city.
Peter Ballod, 25, 038 Harrison street, and'
Marie Nlemann, IS. 031 Fourth street.
Klsaburo Hayashi. 28. 1725 Fillmore street,
and Owassa Uyeda, 24. 1725 Fillmore street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices aent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at Hither of the uubllcatlon oflici a and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
LOWELL— In this city. November 10, 1904. to
the wife of Fred A. Lowell, a son.
QUICK— In Melroae. Cal.. November 11. 1904,
to the wife of James R. Quick, a daughter.
RICE— In this city. November 12. 1904. to the
wife of L. V. Rice, a son. '.\i.
WEBB — In' Alameda. November 6. 1904. to th«
wife of Augustus S. . Webb, a daughter.
MAISRLED.
BURRELL — BECKER— In Oakland, November
8 1904 by the ReV. Mr. Wood, Bert H,
Burrell of Manila and Clara O. Becker of
Ean Francisco.
D1JED.
Ansbro, George W. Inglls, Charlas
Baker Edmund Kavanaugh. Mary
Brady Margaret Kilday. William J.
Brown, Felix G. Knowlton. Elizabeth
Campbell Agnes Levinson. Rosalie
Chabot Mary A. Litzlus, AOffust F.
" Chabot," Seraphln • Opperman. Matilda
Christensen, Annie S. Pfarrer. Anna M.
Cohane, Laurence Ruppert. Harry J.
¦ Crocker, Emma H. Smith, James
Dunn Martin M. Thornton. John H.
Flitner Frank W. Welmkey, Kosalle
Greer. 'Sarah Wheatley. Elizabeth
Hughes. William
ANSBRO— At sea, November 9. 1904. George
W. husband of Mabel Ansbro. and son of
Matthew nnd Charlotte Ansbro. a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years. :.
BAKER— In Ogden Utah. November 12, 1904.
Edmund Baker, beloved husband of Ethel
Kittredge Baker, a native of Newark, N. J.
BRADY— In this city. November 13, 1904,
Margaret Brady, beloved sister of Mrs.
James Nugent, a native of County Roscom-
mon Ireland, aged CO years.
(C^Remalns at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
BROWN— In this city. November 14, 1904,
Felix G. Brown, dearly beloved husband of
Sara Brown, son of Elizabeth Brown, and
brother of Mrs. L. Jansen and Carrie B.
Brown, a native of California, aged 4U years |
2 months and 5 days. A member of Callfor. f
nia Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. W., and Union
Lodge. Knights of Honor. :¦¦-. ¦
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9:80 a. m.. at
the parlors of H. V. Pctersen. 22S McAllister
street. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CAMPBELL, — In this city. November 14, 1904,
Agnes Campbell, beloved daughter of the
late Patrick and Mary Campbell, and sister
of Joseph. Patrick, Thomas and Bert Camp-
bell and Mrs. Leo Valencia and Mrs. Annie
Stumpf, a native of California.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, November lti, 11J04. at 12:30 p. m., from
the residence of her sister, Mrs. Leo Valen-
cia. 1822 Fifteenth street, thencfi to Mission
Dolores Church, where services will be held
at 1 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHABOT — In East Oakland. Cal., November
•12. IWH, Mary A., widow of the late
Anthony Chabot, a native of Massachusetts.
CyFrlends are invited to attend the
funeral services to-day, November 15, at 2
p. m., at her late residence, 104 East Fif-
teenth street. East Oakland. Interment pri-
vate.
CHAIJOT— In this city. November 13. 1904,
Seraphln, beloved husband of Clemence
Chabot, and father ot Bertin and Alice
Chabot and brother of Cyprlen, Alme,
Celestin, Marie. Matilde and Felicle
Chabot, and son-in-law of Mrs. H. Wenger,
a native of France, aged 35 years 4 months
and 22 days,
{C7Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atend the funeral Tuesday,
November 15. at 9 a. m., from his lat? resi-
dence. C17',6 Valencia street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, thence to Notre
Dame des Vlctolres Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by car-
riage.
CHRISTENSEN'— In Alameda. November 13,
1904. Annie Serena Christensen, widow of the
late C. Christensen. and mother of Dr. G.
A.. Henry, Dr. E. C. Christensen and Mrs.
Lanhan. a native of Norway, aged 81 years.
(Minnesota papers please copy.)
lC7Funerai services will be held Tuesday,
November 15. 1904. at 1:30 p. m., at her
late residence, corner of Post and Madison
streets, Alameda. Interment private. Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
COHANE— In this city, November 14, 1904,
Laurence Cohane, aged 79 years.
E7"Frlen.l» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors,
of Carew & English. 2l» Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROCKER— In Newport R. I., July 28 ¦ 1004.
Emma Hanchett Crocker, wife of George
Crocker, and mother of Emma Rutherford
Kearney. • Alice Hanchett Erving and Alex-
ander H. Rutherford, a native of California.
(E7"Funeral will take place Friday at
10:30 a. m., from Trinity Church northeast
corner of Bush and Gough streets. Inter-
ment private In Mountain View Cemetery
Oakland.
D V« N 2r In ,, Oakl an<J. November 12, 1004,
M . a t rtln M - Dunn, beloved husband of Ma-
tilda Dunn, a native of Ireland, aged 79
y/ars 9 months and 2G days.
/ ¦O'Frie'Hls are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), from
St. Frances de Sales Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
F y TN , EU^ n thls cIty - November 7. 1904,
Frank William, beloved husband of Mary
Flitner. a native of Maine aged 57 years
and 1 month.
JCTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
on Tuesday, .November 15. at 1:30 p. m a/
' the parlors of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2475 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GREER— In this city, November 14 1904 Sa-
rah Greer, widow of the late Samuel Greer
a native of County Down, Ireland.
H UM H , ES ~l n . thls ctty - November 14. 1904,
William, beloved husband of the late Sarah
Mrs William Wedgwood and Mrs. Williani
Hallinan. a native of Liverpool. England,
aged 64 years 11 months and 10 days
(Philadelphia papers please copy.) '
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
INGLIS— In this city. November 13 1004
Charles Inglls. a native of New York, aged
SZSSK o% m FT. b o r f T#« 8e 5? 7 !r e
ru^n^teS r aWVn?^untrVWy
(Tuesday). November 15. at 1:30 ™m from
the parlors of H. F.Suhr & Co. 1137 M°™
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . ," '
In Ravenswood." November 14
1904 Mary Kavanaugh, wife of the late
Charles Kavanaugh. and mother of Mcses
F. Kavanaugh. a. native of Queens County
Ireland, aged 77 years and 0 months.
ty Funeral notice later.
F. J. Monahan. Manacer. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, CHAR A & 00.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-^341 Mission at., near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
RAILWAY TRATCIt.
/o^<Trr>$>\ to a rrl ?« at
(°&^ W\ SAN FRANCISCO.
V • \. y?!5f —4 ' I r"*o» Octobm i* 1901
V"*^^%S/ FBB3Y D«T0T
\J/ (Toot cf Market Street }
¦ !¦¦>>!»« - MAIN LINE. - *¦¦!!!.
7.00a tf*o»TU!«. WtuujM. l<uiu«y iSn*
7.00a Benlcla, Elmlr* sod 8i»cra:nenro . 72U*»
730a Vsllejo, X»pn. CalUtoK*. Saats ¦
Uosn. Martinez. San Kamoa "tx"
y 30a XllemTracr. Lathrop. .$ roc iron.... 720i»
8 00a Sh»«s Expresn— (Via narl«>.
Williams Willows, thrnto. K««I
Bluff. Portland. Ticoim, Simile 7.5U»
8 COa D«»l«. Woodland. KnlKbts Landing.
Maryivllle. Orovlllo #-0U«»
8 30a Murttncr. Antiocb. Bjron. Tracy.
Stockton. N*wm*a. Lo« B«no«.
Mendotv .\rmona. llonford.
VlialU. Porterville ... «.20»
8 30a Port Coita. Modesto. Merced.
Fretao. Uoaben Junction. l'« n * . .«_
ford. Vltalta. tlasersicld *.W*
830 a Nile*. Sun Jote. LI»ermore. Stock-
ton. (tMIlton). lone. Sacramento. _
M»rj»Tllle. CUIco. i:«d Blnft .... 4.ZBP
8 30a ov»d*lr. Chinene. JamegtowD. So- „
norm. Tnolnmne and An«el» «'J»n™
9P0a Atlantic Express— Og'lcn nnd K««. 6-ZU*
930a Blchmond. Martin** ami Way
3t»t!om 650P
10-COATbe Orerland Limited — «»Krten.
Oman*. Chicago, UenTer. Kansas
CUT. St. Louis iSIrti
1000a Vallejo..., 1220*
10.00a Los An*nle« Pawntrer —Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Latbron. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gonhen Juno-
tloo, Hunford, Lewoorc, VUalla,
Bakersflrld. Jjon An**'" ....... 7ZB»
12.C0m HsTwsrd. Nt!et«n<l Way Station*. M f20«»
11.00P Sacramento KlTer Steamers Tll.OJ*
3 JOp Benin*. Winter*. Bacramenta.
Woodland. Knlgbtt Laudlns.
MaryiTtlle. OroTlllo and way __
station* , « '252*
S.3CP Hay war J. N:;e» and Way Stations.. 7.50*
3 30p Port Coita, MwUuez, Byroo.Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Modesto.
Merced. -Berendsv Fresno and
Way Station* beyond Port CoiU .12-20*
4C0PMartlnez.SaaIlamon.VaIleJo.Napa,
CallstCRS, Santa IIos* inSX*
4-COp Nllca. Tracy. Stockton ]0 .20*
4.3QP Uaywanl. Nilea. lr»ln<ton. SaaJ . < t ??9*
Jose. LtTennore 1 Jll.&OA
6-CGpThe Owl Limited— Sewtaan. Los
Hanos. Mmdota, Freana. TuUr%
BakertOeld. Los Angeles 8-5(H
15 30p Hsywitrd. Xliesand San Jo«e 7 ZJ*
COOP Hayward. Kllet and San Jose. 9 50a
6 OOp Eastern Express — Omaha. Chicago.
DenTee. Kansas City. St. Louts.
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax. Reno. Sparks. Montello. » -j/ ':
Oirden 12.B0*»
• .OOP Vallejo, dally, »xc«pt Sunday... . » j cn m
7-OCp Vallejo, Sunday only I
7CGPl;l< hm.>nd. s«a Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinet and Wsy Stations 11.204
7.00PReao PMsen&er— Port Costa. B«-
nlctv Sutsua. Elmira. Dtxoo.
I>aTl.«. Sacramento. Sparks. Tono-
pah. Heeler and Way Stations... 7.B0A
• OSp Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento, MarysTllle, Raddtng.
Portland. Hnrfet Bound and £»•:. 8.53*
B.I OP Ray ward. Nlles acU S»a Jose (Sua-
dayonly) 11.60%
COAST LINE (.Narrow (Mage).
(Koot of Muritet Strget.)
8.15A Newark. CenterTUIe. San Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
¦ Crux and Way Stations S53»
t2.15p Newark. CentervUle. San Jose.
New Almaden. Los Gato«,Feltoa,
Boulder Crxek, Santa Cruz aod
Principal Way Station* tt3S5*
4-IBp Newark. San Jose, Los Gstos... J
«9.3Cp Hunters' Train (Satnrday enly)—
8an Joxe and Way Stations fJ.ZSm
COAST LINE Utroa.S Oan«e).
IV (1'Utrd i>ini Towimend Streets.) » _^
6.10a San Jose and Way Si«tlon« 830**
700a 8an Josn and Way station* 640P
8 00a New Almaden (Taes.. Frld.. only). 4-10»
800a Tbe Coaxter^ — San Jone. SaTinaa.
Pan Ardo, Paso Robles, Sastu
Margarita. San Lais Oblspo,
Uu*dsttip«. GaTlou. Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Mnn-
talTo. Oxnard. liar bank. Lot
Angeles 1033»
8.00a Gtlroy. IIolIiHter. CsstrortJle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove. Surf, Lom-
poc 10.3Cj»
9.00a Ban Josn. Tres Plnos.WauonvlIle.
Capliola. Santa Crux, Paclda
Grove. Salinas. 8an Lnls Obtapo
ami Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1 20*
11 30a San Jo>e awl Way Station* 7.J0?
2-15p San Jose and Way Stations 3 33*
S.OUPDel Monte F.xpres*— Sauta Clara,
San Jose. Wa tin n tI lie, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
Paclflc GroTe 12-15**
tS-OOP Los Gatos. Wrlsht. Boulder Creek.
S in:* Cruz. Tta SanU Clara aad
yarrow Oanpe 110 45*
3 3Cp Valt-nc!* St.. South San FrnaeiKO,
isurllujramr. San Jose, Gtlroy,
Hoi lister. Tre« PInos 10 45a
4-30p Pan Jose and Way Station* tS.OOA
T5.00P Santa Clara, amn Joae. Los Uatoa.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) »9 C0»
!530p SanJoseandPrtnclralWayStacions 49.4O*
b-46P Banset Kxpress.— Uedwocxi. Saa
Jose.GIlroy.SaKnas.Paso liobles,
tta Lnls Oblspo. Sunt* Iiurh*r».
Lo* Angeles. I'emlnir. K| Paso.
St. Louis. New Orleans. Sew York 910»
B.45pPaJaro. WaUonvHIe. Capttola,
Santa Cruz. CaatroTllle. Del
Monte. Paclflc «irove 10-30P
16-ISp £au Mateo, Beresford. Belmont. Saa
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t6-4S»
6 30p Sun Jose and Way Station*. 6-39*
8-COpPalo Alto and Way Station* 10 15a
11.30P Sunth Ban Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
::n»un:r. Has Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto tS4S*>
•1130P Mayfleld. Mountain View. Sunay-
rale, Lawrence. SanU Clara aad
San Jo»e t9.48*>
A for Morn: djc. F for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excapted. t Sunday only
t Saturday only. b Monday only,
v . {Stop* tt all (tatlona on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
Tlbnxoa Perry. Toot of Market Street.
SAN FSAXTCXSCO TO SAJST RAPAEL,
WliEK DAYS — 7:!«>. 9.VO, H:0O a. m.; 12;33w
3:30. 3:10 0:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trta
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
BI7NDATS-3:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
3:00 «:20. 11:30 d. m.
SAN'SAPAEI TO SA2T PKA5TC13CO.
WKEK DAYS- «:08. 7:3S. 7:0O. ff:30. U:ia
a. m.; 12:50 3:40. 5:uO. 9:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 0:33 n. m,
SUNDATS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40.
4:05. B:OC. 8.25 p. m. "^
Leave j la Effect j Arrtr*
Ban Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904, j 8an Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sua- I W««k
Days., 1 days. | tlon. | days. [ Day.
7:30 al 8:00 a 0:10 aJ 8:40 si
j 9:30 a Unaxta. 10:40 a 10:20 «
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 0:20 9
B:10p 5:00 p ) 7:33 pj
7(80 a 0:10 a S:40a
8:00 a Korato. 10:40 a 10:20%
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 4:05 p 0:20 a
6:10 p S:30p and 7:33 p
|B:OOp Santa Roaa. | j
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:2O a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:2O a
3:30 p 3:SOp (
Windsor. I
T:30a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:10 a 10:20 at
Lytton. I
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservilla, 7:33 p 8:20 A
Ooverdale. { |
7:30a|8:00a| Hopland 10:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p I and Uklah. 7:33 p| 8:20 » "
j j Wllllu and I I
7:30 af 8:0O a| Bherwood. \ 7:33 pf •:20 9
7:30 al 8:C0a| 110:40 allO:2O %
3:30 pi 3:30 p| OuerneYine. |7:23pt 8:20 a
7:30 al 8:00 al 8onoma, I 9:10 al 8-40 a
B:10p| 6:00p| Glen Ellen. | 6:03 pj 8^Q B
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopot. I 7:33 p[ *:t% 9
STAGES connect at Green Braa for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
, Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at - Oeyservllle for Bkaxn
EprlD*«; at Clorerdale for the Geysers. Boon*,
villa and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kels-yvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bart let 1
Springs and Lak« County Hot Springs- »c
! Vklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Sprtnn!
Blue Lakes. Laurel D«U Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Lierly*». BuckneM's. Sanhodrtji
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot Spring* IlaifWa,
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno citV
Fort Jragg. Westport and.Usal: at Wiiuta tor
Fort Eragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sher-woorf
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllie. Cummlnn
Bell'" Springs. Harris. Hubt>ard. FruKland!
Uyer Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scot-*
and Eureka. >->»u»
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcketa at r»-
duced rates. *^
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all pornU
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. «~««*
builder. ° fflC ': M ° MarlWt " treet « CtooBteto.
JAS."L FRAZ1ER. R. x. RTAJI.
O*n. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt^
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
LT.S M Fr« a eU a >_ mutofiZT
ii:ooa Jissp p
1:45p 1:4-,p '<^^^' CJa^P giaVp
1 Satartys 4:331. Satariart 11:1 > P "
'Tt» GnntT far V KtTaailpaa to Mi!i un. T
Kt 1 650 ,V ARKST ST -.(>«orti» Shore ka.lroad)
WKCB tandSAUSAUToygKjtY. Foot Market S«.
t^weeRIy "call
Si per YeaPi
BOOKS TO LET — Furn. and XTnfnra.
FELL. C4s— Large furnished xunny front al-
cove room, suitable for 2; also single room,
batb. etc.; walking distance.
FOLSCM. 11O7B— Furnished front hall bed-
room.
GEARY. G43— Large front room; elegantly fur-
nifched; suitaLle for two; reasonable.
GKAKV. 22201$ — Nice sunny room.
GRAM) Southern. 7th and MiSfion— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; fl 50 to $6 wk.: reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7— Nicely furnished, sunny front
suite; also tingle rocms; Jl DO to ?7 week.
GREEN. 1929— I^arge rooms; hot and cold I
»vater. zas. marine view, cheap, furnished; j
with <>r without board.
HOWARD. 715 — Large, sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and tl 25 to $5 week.
JONE.S. 60S— Xlcely furnished, large, sunny
room. _^_^__^__
JONFS. HX nr. Pine— Sunny nicely fur. scru-
pulously clean, comfortable, convenient: refs.
KEARNY. 21'9 — Sunny rooms, en suite or sin-
rle; rer.t roasnnah'e; phone Black 4446.
MARKET. H>43 <The Falmouth) — Sunny rocms;
?2 50 to f" week; baths; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 3<"»— Nicely furnished front
room; t-uitable for two gentlemen.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129- Third st. — 100
Bingle and family rootr.f 35c to (1 50 per day.
$2 to fS per week: the only new and modern
hr>tel and rocminc-hou»e" in San Francisco j
that hu office on ground floor, hot and cold J
*ater. eleetrir lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths -nd ele-
%-ator service day and night to Its euesta
MONTGOMERY. 025— S pace to let.
NINTH. 141-^Sunny furnished room for two
gentlemen; other room*; private family.
OTARKtLL. 571— Newly furnished, sunny j
•oom; private family; running water.
TINE. r.ear Powell — I large sunny room,
suitable for one or two; r^Sffonsble.
TINE 17H3. Mock from Van Ness av». — New-
ly furnished room: b«th: phone; reasonable.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12« El!!*— Incandescent lights;
rendlr.K-rcom. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; roumt r*r night. o. r >c to (1 50; week, f2 j
to $S; month. *R to $30; elevator on ground |
floor; room» with hot nnd cold water; baths. |
POWELL. i:«'2— L^rg-? unfurnished room to
iet *t $* month. • • \
6JX.VHK. J22— Furr.Uhrd room to let.
STOCKTON. 4I-4r. — Nicely furnished sunny
front roorus. also single. $2 to $ti week. !
SL'TTHR. 717 — Sunny front or back room;
ruiiiilng water; * ruinutc-s' walk town; reas. I
Sl'TTEH, SSI — 2 swell front rooms, nicely fur-
mtlied; connecting kitchen, bath; phone;
cheap.
TAYLOR. Jill — Sunny front room; hai gas,
bath: 2 gent?' cr married couple; $10.
TAYLOR. 709. nr. Sutter— Nice sunny, fur.
front room; ;v->rch; carden: $11 month.
THE ST KATHP.YN. i'ORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVKNWOKTH STS. — POSITIVELY THE I
BCWIEFT ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW I
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS'. TELEPHONE 6ERV- i
ICE. HOT AND COLT^ WATER; EVERT
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter— New brick bldg.. I
fin»!y furnished : hot. cold water, steam heat, i
prlvllese to baths; $2 HO to $5 per week.
THE Earl. 19 Powell — Elegantly furn. rooms,
SSe to $1 50 per night; $2 to $S per week. •
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400 j
room* SSe to $1 night. $1 73 to $ftweek; elec- \
trie lights <no gasi. running water in every :
r"om: elevator, r«ad.-room; fr*« bus; bagga**. j
1'Ninx. 1045 — I unfurnished rooms and use of
Lath.
VALENCIA, 210 — Large sunny room; private !
family. Ca!l Sunday* or evenings. -j
WEBPTER, ir^(>— Pur.n:.\rurn!sh«>d soom; bath.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 34 St.. near Market— j
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms; I
:»>c to $1 T>O nisht'.y; ?2 to $8 week: elevator; !
elec. lurhts: readir.g-room: fre» bus; b&Kfrage. ;
WOLF Hou?e. cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice \
furnished rooms for 15c j>er night up; ele-
cant transient rooms. K)c per night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaM Branch office, cor. Duncan 6c Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Tbe Call for the reeep- j
tion of advertisements snd subscriptions has |
been oix-ned at IrtOS Market *t-, opposite J
Fifth. <>j.en until 11 p. m. !
BOOKS AKD BOARD.
HAIGHT, 14. r ;6 — Larse eunny bay-window
room, running water; board optional; pri-
vate family.
GOLDEN GATE ave. 1031, near Jefferson
Park — Sunny rooms; hath; private house;
J20-$2J; 2, «32-*.i5 month.
SUNNY furnished front room, for one or two !
teoxUmen, with breakfast. Apply 1332 Web- I
tter st.
HAIGHT. 332 — Large sunny suite; running '
water; prate; second floor; corner house.
BOAJU) withr.ut rocms. 580 Valencia st.
CALIFORNIA. 1280— Room and board; honj« '
cooking.
COMORA (The), 621 O'Farrell— Large grounds, j
funny rooms; superior table; reasonable rates, i
TTT71 j ,
ELLIS, bil — Sunny front room and board. \
ELLIS. 3430 — Rooms to let; eunny. cheerful j
er.i reasonable; board if desired.
FCBKI8BEO rocirj, with board. 330 Tehama |
etreet.
GENTLEMAN to room and board; $20 month-
r>omc comrcrts. 1C5K» Mission st.
Ol-'ERRERO, 114 — Sunny' rooms, with rood
boerd; very reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 1453— Rooms and board; home
comfort*; convenient cars; Jewish family.
ELLIS, 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with very
b«*t French table board.
CALIFORNIA, t*07— Best rooms, table and
»erv1c«» in the city for the least money. *
HOWARD. Ml A — First-class board and room.
ficgle or double. $5 week: American family.
LARGE front parlor, suitable for two gentle-
nu-n. with Rood board; $50 mo. 1159 Turk.
NINETEENTH. 3«1— Furnished room, with
or without board. !
ROOM and board In French family. 1728 Sut-
ler st.
— — — — — — — — — — — -
TI'RK. 11C1— Rooms with board.
WASHINGTON. I C1&- Handsome, newly fur. j
I»ar. suite; single rooms; conv.; exc table.
¦WANTED — Working rlrt to board and room
In private family. »21 Jackson St.; r«-ar.
aooynro.
ROOFS, el de walks and cellar floors laid and
repaired; low prices; all work guaranteed
Chicago Roofing Company. F. HERRMANN.
Manager. 606 Second 0t.
FKTSZCXAJTS AXTD SCEQEOHS.
DR. <£ C. O'DONNELLr— Offlce and residence.
1021% Market it., bet. €th and 7th. particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONQ HIM. herb doctor,
treats all dlseacec of the human body for
pa«t four years st 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cattd at CC7 Geary tt.. near L»avenw o rth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eates cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 CUy tL
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; n«w methods; 1 week's
treatment free. I>r. CottlTurhsm. 204 Sutter.
SEWING aACHINES AWD SUPPLIES.
ALL roaxes; 2d hand. $2, $5. $7. $8; new. $4 $s-
drop heads. 5 «Jr»wer, golden cak. $15; rented'
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
g. M. Co.. 145 Sixth st.; tel. JessU 37»6u j
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; beat
lc cheapest; second-band ail makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market ct.. near Sixth.
LOCK stitch and automatic; The White Grand,
two machines In one; at the new retail of-
fices of THE WHITE CO.. 815 Market st.
ALL kinds second-band $3. $5. $8: slightly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
FWlng In the window. 1051 Marke* st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing ru&ran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1815 Mission.
•js •joozm.a oozz '»mio ipuwq n«o « p»ai*3»j
tnoiiduaeqns pirn ciuautMiuaAP'R <J3I.iISSVi:>
TO LZASI.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis et. . Apply at
barber i hop.
STORAGE AKD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage* Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, sniped. 7K-
731 Howard «t-. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy tt. ;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
lurnlture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dUe. S33 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 129.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore tt. : phone Jackson 281.
BKKI.NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Mont-ornery
et.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
V I.EQAI. NOTICES.
CC8TOM-X1OUSE, SAN FRANCISCO. CAL..
NOVEMBER 7. 1304— NOTICE TO CLAIM-
ANTS — Notice is hereby given that the fol-
lowing described merchandise has been seized
at ihis port for violation of the United States
revenue laws, to wit: 1 tea set, April 9,
l«03; 1 woolen ehawl. Aug. 20, 1903; 00
cijrars, Oct. 12, 1S*<>3; 70 cigars. Oct. 17. 1903;
0t> cigarettes; 1 pkg. tobacco; 19 pcs. mfg.
bone. Oct. 29. 1903; 4 doz. cups and saucers;
2 porcelain vases; 25 ladies' purses; 1 pkg.
cigarettes. Nov. 6. 1WXJ; 150 cigars, Nov. 13.
1U03; 30 silk caps. Nov. 13, 1903; 2 silk
ehawls: 300 cigars. Nov. 13. 1903; 4S cigars.
Nov. 24. 1903; t> silk shawls. Nov. 20, 1903;
:>a silk handkerchiefs; 24 bottles champagne,
Nov. 24. 1003; 12 bottles champagne. Dec. 1.
1S«O3: :i embd. silk shirt waists. D-?c. 10,
1903; 4 embd. silk nightgowns; 1 embd. silk
shawl; 22 col. silk hdkfs. ; 11 embd. silk
hdkf.; 21 white silk hdkfs.; 24 white silk
hdkfs.: 54 silk flaes; 1800 cigars, Dec. 14,
1£KI3; 2 cs. 4000 bottles essential oil, Dec. 22.
ll>03; I pc. cloth, Dec. 23. 1003; 3 bottles
Kananga water, Jan. 12, 1904; 3 boxes toilet
powder; 2 bottles perfume; 2 cakes soap; 75
cigars, Jan. 12. 1904; 350 cigars, Jan. 27.
1UO4; 100 cigars. Jan. 27. 1904; 22 silk caps.
Jan. 28. 1904; 24 silk caps; 2 embd. silk
ehawls. Feb. 25. 1904; 11(X> cigars. Feb. 29.
l'JOt: 33 embd. silk shawls. March 14. 1904;
2 col. silk shirts; 24 embd. silk hdkfs.; 24
emtxl. col. silk hdkfs.; 61 hemstitched silk
hdkfs.; 100 cigars. March 19, 1904; 100
cigars. March 19, 1904; 2 doz. silk hdkfs..
March 19. 1904; 4 silk coats of arms. March
19. 1904: 250 cigars. March 24, 1904; 12 silk
caps; 60 flags: 2 bolts woolen cloth. April 1,
l'JOt- 20 5-tael boxes prepd. opium. April 2,
1904: eiO cigars. April 8. 1904; 32 lace doll-
ies. April 2S. 18O4; 300 cigars. May 16. 1904;
8 Palmetto hats. June 4. 1904; 050 cigars,
June S, 1DO4; 2 Panama hats. Jun» 20, 19O4;
2 cs. medicine. June 23, 1904; 300 cigars, July
5. 1904; 2 silk embd. centerpieces, July 2,
l!»04; 1 silk embd. piano cover; 1 silk embd.
table cover: .2 pr. silk embd. portlers; 2
pkgs. cigarettes, June 15. l!»04; 48 silk caps,
July 11, 1904; 3 silk shawls and 12 silk caps,
July 20. 1004; 1 embd. silk shawl, July 2S,
19O4: 2 rilk shirts. July 27, 1904; 2 embd.
silk shawls; 4 silk hdkfs.; 3 doz. silk hdkfs..
Julv 'M. .lyOI; 1 silk shawl; 50 cigars, Aug.
9. 1904; 1 silk tmbd. kimono. June IS, 1904;
2* bottles bay rum, June 20, 1904; 1 pc. silk,
Aug 22. 1904; 1 pkg. silk. Aug. 22, 1904;
1 <loz. dolliex, Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pc. silk: 1
pillow cover; 1 pr. stockings; 1 dressing
gown; 1 album. Aug. 22, 1904; 2 bolts pon-
gee rllk. Aug. 22. lf«O4; 1 pc. drawn work;
2 i>cs. embd.; 1 bolt pongee silk. Aug. 22,
]¦¦"¦-( : I pkg. lace. embd. and Jewels, Aug.
22. 19<M; 1 smoking Jacket. Aug. 22, 1904;
1 uhlrt waist: 1 purse; 1 pc. embd. grass
cloth. Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pkg. silk embd., Aug.
22. 1904; <i cmM. center pcs.. Aug. 22, 1904;
1 cs china. Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pkg. silk goods.
Aug. 22, 19C4; 1 pkg. pongee silk. Aug. 22.
li»04; i:oO cigars. Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pc. silk,
Aug 22. l»O4; 2 shirt waists; 3000 cigars,
Aug! 22. 1WM; 1 tea set. Aug. 22. 1904; 3
pcs. silk; 3 shawls; 3 silk embd. hdkfs.; 1
dressing gown. Aug. 22. 1901; 1 bolt cotton
crepe; 1 cs. china, Aug. 22. 19O4; 1 cs. china,
Aug 22, 1&O4; 1 cs. china, Aug. 22, 1904;
3 silk shirts. Sept. 1. 1904; 3 embd. silk
rhawls; 14 silk caps; 1 tea set, Sept. 13,
lt'OJ; 1 bolt linen, Sept. 13. 1904; 1 tea set, ¦
Sept. lo. 1004: 1 pr. dec. panels; 1 bolt silk.
Sept. 13, 10(H: 1 bolt pongee silk, Sept. 13.
1SKM; 4 wooden combs. Sept. 13. 1UO4; 1 pkg.
metal pins; 1 pkg. silk remnants and thread;
9 ucs. Chinese wearing appl.; 1 pc silk
clot* 1 : 32 pcs. Chinese wearing appl., Sept.
13 1904; 1 tea stt. Sept. 13, 1904; 1 bolt
pongee silk. Sept. 13. 1904; 1 embd. silk
kimono; 2 carved wooden figures, Sept. 13,
1901; 1 embd. silk cushion cover; 1 bolt
grass cloth: 2 embd. silk cushion covers,
Sept. 13. 1U04; 1 embfi. silk sash; 1 bolt
silk. S*-pt. 16. 1904; 1 embd. eilk cushion
cover Sept. 19, 1904; 2 tapestry pictures,
Sept. 19. 1904; 1 tea set, Sept. 19. 1004; 1
wooden cabinet. Sept. 21, 1304; 2 wicker
chairs. Sept. 21, 1904; 20 silk caps, Sept. 24,
1904: 5 embd. silk hdkfs.; 2 embd. silk
shawls; 160 doz. 6llk fans, Sept. 2«. 1904; 1
tea set. Oct. 5. 1904; i embd. silk shawls.
Oct. 7 1904: 3 embd. silk shawls; <; silk
hdkfs.: 6 white Bilk hdkfs.; 2 silk shirts:
1 i«. silk. Oct. 7. l»O4; 1 embd. silk coat of
arms; 138 cigars. Oct. 6. 1904; 10 5-tael bxs.
pr*-p. opium. Oct. 10, 1904; 1 sack coat. Oct.
10. I9<>4; 1 top coat; 1 vest; 1 pr. trousers;
3« prs. men's hose: 24 men's undershirts; 12
prs. men's drawers; 3 pcs. silk; 11 silk caps,
Oct. 12, 1904; 9 silk shirts; 3 embd. silk
gowns; 2 embd. silk jackets, Oct. 12, 1904;
12 embd. >;:k shawls; 36 silk hdkts.; 29
•rmbd. silk hdkfs.: 1 cs. mf. wood and photo-
graphs. Oct. 12. 1904; 2 cs. dec. china, Oct.
14. IWH: 50 pcs. cottcn cloth. Oct. 14. 13O4;
1 tea set. Oct. 15. 1904: 1 porcelain vase;
544 pkfc-s. Chinese playing cards, Oct. 15,
1S»O4; 2 pcs. trabd. wearing apparel; 1 cs.
dec china. Oct. 15, 19o4; 9 coats of arms.
Oct. 21. 1004; 2 pictures; 3 cs. dec. china,
Oct. 21, 1904; 1 satsuma plate. Oct. 22. 1904.
375 cigars. Oct. 26. 1904; 1 silk table cover;
r. ellk doilies; 12 silk hdkfs.; 1 pkg. cloth.
Oct 26. l»O4; 1 pc. woolen goods. Oct. 26,
U»O4; 30 silk caps. July 1, 1904; 100 cigars,
Sept. 1. l«04; 199 cigars. Sept. 1, 1904. All
persons claiming the above described mer- j
chandlse. or any part thereof, are requested
to appear and fil* claims of ownership with :
the undersigned within twenty (20) days
from the flrst publication of this notice,
otherwise the Fame will be sold at public
auction ac<x>rding to law, after due nolice
being given. W. B. HAMILTON. Special
Dtp. Collector.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Mission
Hotel Bar fixtures, B. Gamma, proprietor, at '
3305 and 3309 Mission Et., has changed I
handp; all bills must be presented inside of 1
0 days from date. November 13. 1904.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — TTv? Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
ouj'jdirs and Accounts, xsavy ueynnrapnt. i
v\ tu>hiB£tuu, 1). C, until 12 o'cIuck noun,
1 x_-.."k;u.t i.i, 1904. aiiu puUicly upeneu lui-
meui&lciy inerc&iier, lo iurui&h at UM navy
>aian, «ure ;.-ia:iu, Cal., and Pu^et Sound,
watta.eu;rs, voltmeters, conuult, encirie in-
dicators, copper wire. ma«uei wire, sin£l«
Jtua ivnu ».*uiii:g wire, iuae wire, elecinu
clusters, inbUi<LiiU(,- ui.u Kniushaw tape, car-
buiics, tin so luou Iu.t-6 ana miSt;eUane,uU£
electric suj i-lii..-, , marking, paint ana carbon
brushes, .-unu, ktone, iinieutuiie, I'orUanu ce- .
meet. Dock; kIioju ana pottuii cuaivas, twine,
braiu, imnajj, Jiuuieuiii, niusiui uufij», larapa,
lanterns, signal usiiis, leiu>ea, luxap lUiuic-,
uiuU'ja elaafc, £lafcs cnarttxMtra, leather i.nJ
beiunK, tMke ovens, eleaiu uopi<<rr krtllia,
cvum onus, ooiier cieuieia. uteei wire, vises,
earthenware tanks, tread plate, McKeiizie
cnain ciamps, heater*, baud saws, files,
ratchets, *renenefc, tiiufes, lucks, wooi
bcrtws, machine screws, rivets, nails, tacks,
bolts and nuu, nuts, hi&kK, hooku and eyes,
washers, sijuirt cans, grindstones, tachome-
ters, on. Is, reamers, garbage and pusii carts,
sulaer, riudles, wbeeiuarrows, miscellaneous
hardware ana hand tools; ash, cedar, nr,
hlckorj-. w£ite oak staves; oak. mai>le, ma-
hogany, Oregon pine, sagar pine, poplar,
reawood, flooring, celling, stairs, window
and uour lraniets, transoms, balustrade, etc.;
poplar, spruce, barrel hoops and heada,
P|>ar8. antimony, sheet brat*, brass rod, hex
navai brass, sheet lead, lead pipe, Tobln
bronze, "1" beams, round iron, galvanized
iron, pig lead, corrugated roofing, steel
plates, tool steel, galvanized sheet steel,
nickel steel, "Novo" tool 6teel, mild steel,
sheet steel, rooting tin, steel bars, Banca
tin. Ingot tin, pig lead, zinc sheet, boiler
zincs, ingot copper, copper sheet, asbestos
caskets, vulcanized rubber gaskets, "Gar-
lock" and "Peerless" packing, steam hosa,
pump valves, alcohol, brick preservative,
ammonia, petrolatum, pa.ra.fli.ne varnish.
Japan dryer, engine oil. lubricating grease,
tallow, coal oil. Unseed oil, lard oil, sperm
011. muriatic add. paints, marine glue, dis-
tillate, soap, miscellaneous drugs and chem-
icals, gate valves, Eastwood valves, Leslie
valves, Lunkenhelmer pop valves, soil
pipe, iron pipe and couplings, flexible tubing,
bell and spigot pipe, condenser tubes, copper
pip«. brass tubes, brass pipe. mild steel
tubes, mac;neeia pipe cover, McKellar's
steam traps, miscellaneous pipe titting?,
steam gauges, drain tile, sinks, telephone
system, lavatories, bath tubs, water closet,
McCanna's adjustable thread and milling
tools, automatic drilling and tapping ma-
chine, arbor and mandrel press, material for
two boilers. pocket rules. carborundum
wheel. Job printing press and outfit, sea coal
facing, gunny sacks, coaling baskets, blue-
print cloth and paper, sewing machines, tar-
board, sponges, searchlight, pumps, charcoal,
leather nozzle and Fuller cocks. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the navy pay offices, San Francisco, Cal.,
and Seattle. Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS.
Paymaster Genera], U. S. N. 10-31-04.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.. October 17. 1904.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. November
16, 1904, and then opened for the construction
of an emergency hospital at Infantry Can-
tonment. Presidio of San Francisco, Cal., in-
cluding plumbing. Government reserves the
rliht to reject or accept any or all bids in
whole or tn part. Information furnished on
application to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General. Chief Quartermaster.
EAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. November 7. 1904.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until II o'clock a. m.. November
17. 1904. and then opened for constructing;
¦fa wall and repairing concrete walks, in-
cluding necessary grading, at Fort Mason,
California. Government reserves the right
to reject or accept any. or all bids In whole
or in part. Information furnished on appll-
' cation to WM. S. PATTEN Assistant Quar-
termaster General. Chitf Quartermaster.
I KILDAY— In this city. November 13. 1904.
William J.. beloved husband of Sueie Kil-
day. father of William and Helen Kilday.
son of James and Catherine Kilday. brother
of James. John. Lizzie • Nellie , and Agnes
Kilday. Mrs. W. Flahaven and Mrs. T.
O'Dwyer. and brother-in-law of ' Mrs. and
' Mr. George Hartmann a native of Boston.
Mass., aged 43 years
ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11:30 a. m.. from his late
residence. 7U3 Sixth avenue (Richmond),
thence to Eagles' Hall 731 Market street,
where , services will be 'held under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O.
E., commencing at 12:30 p. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KNOWLTON— In this city November 14. 1904.
Elizabeth R., beloved mother of Grace W.
Knowlton and Mrs Lyman M. Welch, a
. native of Maine.
LEVINSON— In San Jos© November 14. 1004.
Rosalie Levinson a native of Posen. Ger-
many, aged 74 years.
LITZIUS— In this city November 14. 1904.
August Frederick beloved husband of the
late Caroline Lltzlus and beloved father of
August C, Louis G.. 'William F. and Charles
H. Lltzius, Mrs F. Hambley Mrs. James
Hilton and the late Edward C. Litzlus. a
native of Hanover Germany aged 76 years
8 months and 28 days.
IC^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m., from his late resi-'
dence, 252 North avenue, off Cortland ave-
nue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
OPPERMAN— In Oakland, November 14, 1004,
Matilda, beloved wife of Herman W. Op-
perman. and sister of Francis. Philip and
Theresa Dahlen, a native of San Francisco,
Rged 38 years.
PFARRER— In this city. November 12. 1904,
Anna Mary, beloved "Wife of the late Bene-
dict Pfarrer and mother of Alex R. and
Charles Theo. ** Pfarrer. a native of Switz-
erland, aged 6S years 7 months and 18 days.
CT'Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, November 15, at 1:30 p. m.. at
the lesidence of her son. 3514 Twenty-flrst
street, between Dolores and Church. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
RUPPERT— In this ctty November 4. 1C04.
Harry J., dearly beloved and only child of
Georjre J. and Ollie Ruppert. grandson of
Francis and the late Warren C. Baldock, l
and nephew of Frank M. Ruppert, Charles
F. and Mollle Baldock and Mrs. Birdie Ha-
ger, a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years
7 months and 16 days. (Washington. D. C,
papers please copy.)
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m.. from the par-
lors of II. P.J Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. November 14. 1004,
James Smith, a native of Scotland, aged 74
years.
THORNTON— In this city, November 12. 1004,
John Henry Thornton, a native of Montreal,
Canada, aged 60 years.
E7" Remains at the parlors of Carew &
Knglish, 29 Van Nesa avenue. Funeral and
Interment private this (Tuesday) afternoon.
WEIMKEY— In this city. November 14. 1904,
Rosalie Welmkey a native of California,
aged 66 years.
(CyNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
WHEATLEY— In this city November 14, 1004,
Elizabeth Wheatley. beloved wife of the late
James H. Wheatley, and sister of Mrs. Em-
erett McEwen. a native of New York, aged
70 years and 4 months. (Brooklyn, N. Y*..
papers please copy.)
IL^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11:30 a. m. at
her late residence. 3394 Seventeenth street,
corner of Valencia. Interment private.
CARD OF THANKS.
DOEHRING— I desire to express my sincere
thanks for sympathy and kindness shown mo
by my friends and acquaintances during my
late bereavement.
-' • MRS. HANNAH DOEHRING.
CARD OF THANKS.
I desire to express my sincere thanks for
the Fympathy shown and the many floral
offerings sent by my friends and Aerie No.
61. F. O. E.. in my late bereavement.
MRS. NELLIE FERRIS.
RAILWAY TKAVEIi.
J/J938
I'-'iVllTED TO CH1C*~OH
1 LEAVES MONDAYS tod THURSDAYS B
m at 1) :.'»O a. m., thrtmgli Is 3 days. 9
H With diner and all trappings. v\
Other Santa 7a Trains:
7 :|W> a. m. | For Stockton. Fresno. IUkeri3eld,
8:i*>£ Si \ Merced. Hanfort and Visa!!*.
4 :0O p. ml For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon,
and Chlcaro.
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
Ban Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. ; also 2T South 1st. San Jose.
rep^gpgp To SAN RAFAEL,
K||| ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sauaallto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUCS.
.Depart .from, San Francisco, daily, at ftisti,
7:15. b:£>, u:lu. 0:5o. U:uu a. m.; 1:43, 3:u.
4:25.- 6:15. 5:iu. t»:3i>. 7:15. 9:w and 11:33
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, daily, at !«:*.>.
7:33. 8:15. S:K>. 9:35. 10:5O a. m. : 1:30. a:3i.
4:25. 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:67. 7;40 and . U;U
p. m.
tDaily exeeDt Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at .">:!.'» p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. ni. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 p. in-. Saturdays only— For CaiaJ.ru.
•tc.
¦ 6:15 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sua-
o>y. for Tomales. etc.
•TICKET OFFICE — 650 Market st.
FERRY— Union Deoot. toot of Market St.LOCAL 5IARKETS.
The sugar stocks continued to advance yes
terday, Hawaiian Commercial selling up to
$73 60, Hutchison to $12 25, Makawell to
$30 50, Honokaa to $16 50 and Paauhau to
$17 87%. A report that Paauhau was to de
dare a dividend gave* the I market additional
buoyancy. Gas and Electric was weaker at
$55 2.1-836 in the morning and $5$f?54 in the
afternoon. - Alaska Packers was slightly ctl
at $96 87H097,, The day's trading on thl*
exchange was active. •' There was a fair busi
ness in the mining stocks. The oil stocks
continued quiet. •
The Montana' Ore Purchasing Company paid
a .regular quarterly dividend of $2 per share
yesterday.
The Chollar Mining Company has levied an
essessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
December 15. .
The Challenge Consolidated Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 10 cents per share,
delinquent December 19.
The Claremont Oil Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend .of 1 cent j>er, share,
amounting to $4500, on its issued capital stock,
payable ¦¦ December ¦ 1.= An , extra ¦ dividend , of
the- same rate and amount will be paid on
November 25.. . • - .
The Caribou Oil Company will pay a month-
Continued Advance in the Sugars on
* the .Bond Exchange. ¦ >;
Apples continued to arrive- freely, the re- i
ceipts including 3000 boxes from Humboldt
' and 5 straight carloads from Oregon and
Washington. The general tone of the market
was one of weakness, although a fair volume
of -sales was reported and conditions .were
generally in favor of 'buyers. Some dealers I
were still quoting $1 50 per box for extra I
fancy Oregon Spltaenbergs. but there was not
enough business at that figure to warrant
such a quotation. Berries and Grapes in
small packages were generally firm, while
open boxes of Grapes were in free supply and
rather weak than otherwise. Fancy Navel
Oranges were In fair : request . and occasional
sale* of well-colored stock were reported at
a slight premium. ¦ Tangerines were In-In
creased supply, but continued firm. Desirable 1
elzes of fancy Grape Fruit brought, higher ,
prices, while fruit was rather weak at I
irregular rates. !
STRAWBERRIES — ?10@13 per chest for
Longworths and $3<S0 for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES — $4Q6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — ti@10c per lb. i Iw^'
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $SlgS 60 per bbl
for Early Black and $9 50@10 50 for New Jer
sey and Cape Cod Late Red; Coos Bay, $2®
2 75 per box. ¦ . • _-
APPLES— $1 25 per box for extra fancy. 00c
e$l 15 for 'ordinary fancy. 50@S5c for choice
and 25@40o. for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellis. $1©1 25 per box;
cooking varieties, .40«?75c per box. ,
PERSIJi 3 **^*— «-0<375c per box.' . '*
Deciduous and Citrus Frnits.
stock: market.
St. Uouis Wool Market. ,
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 14.— WOOL— Steady to
firm. Medium grades, combing and clothing,
20@28c; light fine, 17®22c; heavy fine, 18©lSc
tub-washed, 25gC8^c.
Xorthern Wheat 3f arket.
OREGON.
FORTLAXTJ, Ore., Nov. 14. — Wheat for ex
port — Walla Walla, 8O@S2e: bluestem, 85oj val
ley, 87 Ho.
• For East— Walla Walla, S0®>82o; bluestem,
87c.
WASHINGTON.
'TACOMA. Wash.. Nov. 14.— WHEAT— Cn
changtd. Bluesttm. 90c; club, 83a
Northern Business.
SEATTLE!, Nov. 14.— Clearings, $983,284;
balances. $178,911. ?
TACOMA, Nov. 14.— Clearings. $605,245;
balances, $83,154. j
PORTLAND, Nov. 14.— Clearings, $1,051,
498: balances, $184,414.
BPOKANE. Nov. 14.— Clearings, $531,852;
balances, $71.848.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: -
Morning. Session — Comstocks.
100 Andes 22 100 Ophlr 2 20
100 Caledonia .... 36 200 Mexican ,105
400 Con Cal * V.I 65 300 Sierra Ner. ... 35
70O Crown Point.. 16 400 Union Con.... 47
500 Gould & Cur. 101 600 Union Con.... 43
100 Ophlr-.. 2 15! 200 Utah' 08
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
400 Andes 22 SOO Gould & Cur. 10
200 Belcher 17 200 Overman ....... 12
100 Bullion 24 200 Potosl 10
1100 Chollar 13 400 Seg Belcher... 06
000 Crown Point.. 16 500 Union Con.... 47
200- Con Cal & V.I 60:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. -' Vi .'
Bid. Ask. I Bfd.Ask.
Alpha 13 J5? ulta M ' 0T
.Alta 06 07!Justice 04 W
Andes 21 221 Kentuck .02 03
Belcher 16 17|Lady Wash .. 02 . 01
Best & Belch.l 00 1 10 Mexican 1 05 1 10
Bullion 24 25| Occidental ... 74 79
Caledonia .35 37j Ophlr 2 10 2 15
Challenge ... 13 15' Overman 12 13
Chollar .. 12 14 Potosi 09 10
Confidence... SO 85! Scorpion ...... C5 07
Con Cal & V.I 60 1 6.V Savage ........ 22 ZX
Con Imperial. — OliSeg Belcher... 05 OU
Con NY 03 C5' Sierra Nev 34 35
Crown Point.. 16 17!Si!ver HIM... 49 51
Eureka Con.. — 5f>!St. LouU 08 OS
Exchequer ... 4.1 45 1 Syndicate OS 05
E Sierra -Nev on <*>! Union Con . 47. 43
Gould & Cur. 10 Hi Utah : 07 09
Hale & Norc. C3 681 Yellow Jacket. 16 ,'. 17
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD 8TOCKS.
Morning Session.
1 COO Jumbo .. 51 T 500 Ton Midway.. "«v
2000 MacNamara . 25' " 2C0 Ton «N Star. . . < 18
100 Mont Ton 90| 500- Ton Ohio 3^
200 Ray & O'Brien 071 100 Ton of Nev. 9 12 >i •
1000 Rescue 10|
Afternoon ¦ Session.
300 Gold /Anchor. 20J100O Rescue lrt
1600 MacNamara . 23 400 Ton Belmont..' f9
300 Ray & O'Brien CS| 4(t> Ton N Star... 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
-. • Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. I • Bld.Ask.
Ton of Nev.9 00 9- 25! Rescna ....... «« to
Mining Stocks.
MISCEL.I1ANEOUS MARKETS.
EGGS — Ranch, 45@4So for good to choice
and 37 1 ,h@42%c for common; cold storage, 250
30c; Eastern. 25029c for choice 22@24o for
standards and 19@21c for, seconds.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 20@21o
for extras and 18@19c for lower to medium
grades: dairy. 17® 19c: cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. 10Sgl4c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15@16o.
CHEESE— 12Q112 % c for choice mild new and
lOQllc for old; cold storage, 10%@llc; Young
Americas 12@13c; Eastern, 10@15c per lb.
Most houses are expecting a decline in
Cheese shortly, as receipts are increasing,
especially from the Eallnas region.
Eggs are lower, as was the general expecta
tion at 'the close of last week. A few houses,
were still holding out for 6O0 yesterday but
no well-informed buyer paid this figure.
Stocks of ranch showed a tendency to accu
mulate.
Receipts were 50,700 lbs Butter 520 cases
Eggs and GOOD lbs Cheese.
Butter opened the week depressed, with
larger receipts and liberal lines carried over
from last week. - Prices were no lower, but
they were very weak, and the demand con
tinued slow.
Bntter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3<3G per dozen;
Canvasback, $3@7; Teal, $2£2 50; Sprig, $2 SO
©3; Widgeon. $202 50; Red Heads, $2@3:
email Ducks. $1 50®2; Gray Geese $3^3 60;
White Geese. $1 50@2; Brant, $1 7503; Honk
ers. $3JT5; Snipe, $3 for Engilsh and $1 50 for
common; Doves, $1 25; Hare, $1 50; Rabbits,
$2 for Cottontails and $1 60 for Brush.
Prices of all description* of Poultry- were
largely nominal, as there was very little stock
offering and trade was quiet, as usual on
Monday. Two cars of Western were reported
close at hand and, due to-day. Receipts of
Game were heavy, being over 200 sacks and,
although trade was active, there was a gen
eral decline in prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 16@l8o for old
and 21@23c per lb for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@2; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, $4 60-35
per dozen for old and $5®7 for young; Hens,
$4 50® 5 for small and $5 50^6 for large; young
Roosters. $505 50; old Roosters. $4@4 50: Fry
ers. $4©4 50; Broilers. $3 50@4 for large and
$2 r>0ft3 for email; Pigeons. $1 00; Squabs,
$2@2 25. r
Poultry and Game.
CHICAGO, Nov. « 14. — CATTLE — Receipts,
30,000; steady to 10c lower; good to prime
steers, $5 00@7; poor to medium, 13 60^3 70;
etockers and feeders, $2{f{S; cows, $1 25#4 60;
heifers, $1 75£5 25; canners, $1 25@2 40; bulls,
$2®4 75; calves, $3 6O®7; Western ateers, $33
5 15.
HOGS — Receipts, 4500; to-morrow, 20,000;
market 5c lower; mixed and butchers, $4 70®
6 10; grood to choice heavy, $4 90®5; rough
heavy, $4 60®4 75; light, $4 700-4 90; bulk of
sales. $4 70Q4 90.
SHEEP — Receipts, 28»000; lower; lambs,
weak; good to choice wethers, $3 75@4 60;
fair to choice mixed, $3@4 25; Western" sheep,
$3 25@4 80; native lambs. $4 15@6 10; West
ern Iambs, $4 60<35 50.
•> Kansas City.
• KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 14.— CATTLB—
Receipts. 15.000; market 6®10o lower; native
cows and heifers, $1 5035; etockers and feed
ers. $2 25S4 25; bulls, jl 75@S 60; calves,
$2 5066: Western steers. $3^4 50; Western
cows, fl 50@3 60.
HOGS — Receipts, 6000; market 10c lower;
bulk of (ales, $4 C5ig4 90; heavy, $4 S5®4 95;
packers, $4 75®4 90; pigs and lights, $4 2.V»J>
4 * 5.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4000; steady; muttons,
$i 75<g4 50; lambs, $4 25®5 75; range wethers,
$3 75^4 76; ewes, $2 50fl«. ¦
Omaha.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Nov. 14.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 4300; slow, 5o lowers native steers,
$3 7S@6 25; cows and heifers, $1 75®3 90;
Western eteerB, $2 90®4 80; Texas steers,
$2 75@3 75; cows and heifers, $2 25*94 30;
canners. $1 7.1 ti 2 25; stockcrs and feeders,
$2 30@3 90; calves, $2 50@5 50; bulls and
stags. $1 75@3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. 6500; .market lOo lower;
heavy, $4 67fe<f4 80; mixed. $4 67U-51 70:
light. $4 6534 72H; pigs. $434 60; bulk of
sales, $4 67%@4 72*4-
SHEEP — Receipts, 9500; active, loo higher;
Western yearlings, $4 255J4 65; wethers, $4®
4 40; ewes, $3 50^4 10; common and stockers,
$2 50(54 30; lambs. $4 75@5 75.
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Live Hoss are again slightly higher and
firm at the advance. Other descriptions are
as before quoted.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6®7c for Steers and 4S5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6®7%c; smaH, 7@9c per lb.
I MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%o; Ewes. 6©7o pet
pound. ----i---' '•¦- -¦¦-• -.- :-'..
LAMB— 8%©9o per lb. >
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6£8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
- The following, quotations are for grtwl. sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 6V6@0%c; l thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3}4©3»ic; Ewes, 3#3t,ic
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 6O02 75 r*r head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 250 lbs. *%e;
under 140 lba. 4%@4%c; soft Hogs, not want
ed; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,- 50 per cent
off, and Stags, 40 per cent off from above
quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain >Bags, $595 25; San Quentin.
$4 60; Wool Bags, 80®32c; Fleece Twine, 7%C;
Fruit Bags, 6%®7%c for white and 7o for
brown Jute.. *,
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 60; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay,
$5 60; Richmond, $7 60; Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg; $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 60; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke
$11 60013 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 60 per short
I ton.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for rases
add 6c: Linseed. 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70o;
Bakers' A A, caees. Jl 10@l 12; Lucol.'50o for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases,
<J3@S0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels!
5Sc for Ceylon and 65o for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. G7c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c*
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil
03c; light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring Olf
40c; Salmon OU, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil, 81c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU, in bulk
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19V4c; Astral, 19Uc*
Star. 19Ho; Extra Star. 22}ic; Elaine. 26c:
Eocene. 21V4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 16c: In cases, 22!$c: Benzine, in bulk,
13c: In cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk 25c: in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
76c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHIT3 LEAD — Red Lead, 7%0
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7Vi@7*ic, according
. to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
1 Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered. b.lOc; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulatea, coarse,
6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.90c: Confectioners' A, 6c;
Magnolia A, 5.60c; Extra C, 8.50c; Golden C,
5.40c; "D, 1 * 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; balf
barrels 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50- lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Dorolnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. NOVEMBER 14. V>
Flour, qr sks... 3,C07[ Leather, rolls ... 336
Wheat, ctls .... 8,935| Hides. No 157
Barley ctis 4.SS4 Pelts. No 302
Oats ctls 713! Lime, bbls ¦. 304
Corn' (West), ctls 3.0001 Paper, reams ... 1,270
Beans sks 6,740! Brandy, gals 3,750
Potatoes, «ks ... 8.28S Wine, gals 81,225
Onions, sks 1,042 Quicksilver, flsks. 47
Bran, sks • 2W Chicory, bbla .... 20
Hay tons 1,219 Raisin* bxs 6,750
Wool bales 320 Sugar, ctls . 4,320
Tallow, ctls ... 553
OREGON.
lea . "WASHINGTON. *
Flour, qr sks.. T 0.7321 Oat*, ctls 6,491
' Receipts of Beans were heavy, being 12,235
: sacks. The market was quiet and unchanged,
i with the exception of an advance in Limas,
which are quoted firmer down south. Weather
1 . damaged goods still form the bulk of arri
vals.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75©3: Pea. $3 10@3 25;
Butters. $2 75#3; small White. $3 15®3 30;
I large White, $2 40£2 H5; Pink. $2 7503 15: Red.
$4 25i?4 50; Lima $4 15®4 25; Red Kidneys,
' $4 00®4T5; Blackeyes. • $2 60@2 70 per ctl;
' : Horse Beans. $1 85<92 40.
i SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 75@B; Yellow,
'; Mustard. $3 25; Flax, $2<g2 75; Canary. 6%
i € 7c; Alfalfa, 15>4@16%c; Rape. 1%©2Wc;
1 j Timothy, 6%c: Hemp, 3HS3%c P«" lb; Millet.
2H^r5%c; Broom Corn Seed, $2O@21 per ton.
I DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 75 @ 2 60; Green
; Peas, $1 75®2 50 cer ca.
j Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Arrivals of river Burbanks^ were heavy over
' Sunday and the market continued weak for
i that description, less than hair of the receipts
• being sold. Salinas Burbanks were firm" for
I top-quality offerings, while common stock
! continued to drag. Sweets did a little better,
although receipts were heavy. Onions ruled
I firm at the recently advanced prices.
Miscellaneous vegetables were In good sup
! ply and changes in prices were slight. All
¦ kinds of Beans did better, while Tomatoes
; and Summer Squash were a little lower under
i Increased supplies. Green Peaa from Los An
! gles sold up to 6c per pound.
¦ POTATOES — Burbanks ¦ from the river. 400
I C5o per rtl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l 35 per
' ctl: River Reds. »iO®70o per ctl; Sweet Pota
! toes. 65®85c per ctl.
ONIONS — $1,75^2 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — String Beans, 8£4o per lb;
Wax Beans/ 3@4c per lb; Lima Beans,
1 3@5c per lb; Tomatoes, 401?S5c per box;
¦ Summer Squash, $1@1 25 per box; Cabbage, 65c
1 per ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 25®
I 60c per box; Garlic, 4%e per lb; Egg
I Plant. E0®C5c per box; Dried Peppers, nom
j lnal; Green Peppers, 25@40c per box; Mar
! rowfat and Hubbard Squash, $10@12 per ton
! for round lots.
CHICAGO." Nov. 14. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market vu steady;
creameries, 163224c- dairies, 15@21c Egg»,
steady at mark, lf%(^20%c. Cheeee, steady,
lOVi&llc.
ELGIN. 111.. Nov. 14.— BUTTER— Unchanged
at 25c. Sales for the week, 625,000 pounds.
Butter, Clieese and Eggs.
New York M.oney Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1« — Cloee: Money on
r*:l. steady. "^2^; closing bid, 2»4; offered
at 5^4 r«r c«»nt.
Tlm« loan*. M^ady; sixty days, 3^i p*r
c*nt; ninety <Jay» and eix months, 8V4 per
o«r.t.
Prime mercantile paper, S%@1 per cent.
Sterling exchar.ee. strong, with actual bus
ir.«"*s in bankers" bills at $4.8C7r©4.SeS0 for
demand and at Ji M-c t *-i ¦•» for sixty day
bill*.
Pc*t*d rate*. H W-- ;,• 4 65 and f4.S7%.
< v.rr.rr.erclal tills. $4.SS%®4.83%i.
H«r »ilv<?r. r*iic
M^xircn dollars. 46i%c.
Government bon««, rt»ady; railroad bonds,
irr<cu!*r.
EASTERN* M-ARKETS.
... MISCELLANEOUS BONDS4
Bid. Ask-f • ¦ Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 102 SF & XP 5».112 112*4
B L Wat 6s. — 11414 S P C R 5s. 98 103
Cal NW 5S..113H — . S P Co 4HS-101H —
M C- Wat 68.100 — / Sun Ter (5s... 114*4 —
Rls I Wks5s — 105 Do 5s 1C5U —
6F Drdk 5S.112 — Suttr-st R5s.lW —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. .. — 25 Lon& SF Bk. — 60
Amer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nav Co. 6O —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Xev Nat Bk.20O —
Cal G&ECor. 50 — N Cal P Co. 10 10U
C Jockey C1.10S 115 Oak Bk Sav.l2O —
Cal Powder.130 145 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IOOF Hall A 9% —
Cal T I & T — 160 Orpheum Co. — 16*4
Cen Bk, Oak 60 72tf PacC Cas Co. 135 — '
Chutes Co . . 5 — Pae Sur Co. 105 —
City & C Bk — 120 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
Cyp L Imp,. — 6% S F Drydock — 65
East Dynm.. — 375 SF*SJ Coal. 17*4 20
DptPwd pfd — S3 S J Wat C0.IO314 —
Do com ..40 — SO & MTgbt.125 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — So Pac Co... 65 —
Fischer Thtr 1.40. 2 Swlss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.107 115 Truck Elect.. — 12
Gas Con A.. — 19 UR InC pfd. 61 H —
Hono P Co.. 24% 21 Do com ... 12% —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
$5,000 Sutter-st Ry Co 5s (1009) . . . . 104 25
Street—
100 Honolulu Plantation Co 25 00
$5,000 Cal Northwestern By 5s 113 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
150 Honolulu Plantation Co 25 00
California Stock and OU Exchange -
Oil Stock— \ Bid. Asked.
Caribou > & 12tf 8 00
California Standard 17 19
Chicago Crude ...: 22 ....
Clarcmont 9O 85
Four 55 ....
Hanford 185 00
Home 60 62
Independence 32 33
Monarch of Arizona 25 SO
Monte Cristo 75 '\ '80
Occidental of W Va 03 ....
Oil City Petroleum 58 59
Sterling 2 00 2 25
Reed Crude 2 00 2 60
Toltec 23 ....
Twenty-Eight .10 75 ....
Forty Oil Co 89
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp 1 25 1 40
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 8 OO
Truckee Electric 11 12H 12 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
2100 Occidental ©«
100 Monte Cristo 80
Street—
800 Llhda Vista 20
Afternoon Session. *¦»'¦•.",
Board —
2 Hanford, s 5 185 00
SOO Twenty-Eight 10 50
100 Home 61
400 Home ..,. 60
Unlisted Securities.
Beans and Seeds.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14. — Cash quotations were
I as follows: Flour, easier; No. 2 spring wheat,
j $1 lOigl 15; No. 8. $1 03jj"l 12; No. 2 red,
i Jl le^Sl 18; No. 2 corn, 5ti^o; No. 2 yel
low, 6»c; No.. 2 oats, 80%c; No. 3 white,
31@31%c; No. 2 rye, 80c; good feeding barley,
Hb's/'iS^c: fair to choice malting. 43@52c; No.
1 flaxseed, $1 lOVs : No. 1 Northwestern,
tl 17fc; prime timothy eeed, $2 62%; mess
pork, per barrel, $11 15@11 20; lard, per 100
pounds, {7 W! Vj G " 05; short ribs sides (loose),
$6 6~H@* 12H: short clear sides (boxed),
$6 S7Ht@7; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 24;
! clover, contract grade, $12 25.
; Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 20,600 13,000
Wheat, bushels 40,000 217,800
Corn, bushels 147,400 265,S0O
Oats, bushels 113,700 106,100
Rye, bushels 10,800 1.000
Barley, bushels 72,900 28,100
Cash Grain and Provision.".
HAY — Wheat, $10@15; Wheat and Oat. $100
14; Oat, $9@12; Barley and Oat, $S@11; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable, $0010; stock,
(^$5 6037; Clover, $7®10; Alfalfa, $5>@12 per
! tea).
STRAW— 35@60e per bale.
t Receipts of Hay were 1210 tons, including
I 65 cars. The market was unchanged, but $15
I was a very extreme figure., and obtainable only
1 occasionally. There waa nothing new In Feed-
BRAN— $1S@19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 50®28.
SHORTS— $1S@19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23<£24 per
I ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50^32 50;
' jobbing, $33: Cocoanut Cake. $23@24; Cocoa
. nut Meal, $24:325: Corn Meal, $31@31 50:
: Cracked Corn. $31 5(Vg32; Mixed Feed. $22 50O
' 23; Horse Bean*. $30@40 per ton; Broom
i Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. .
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Arkar<a* — Arr>» a*>out a!l harvested.
Missouri— Arp>» *hort.
Illinois — Applr* fair a.r.4 crop of pood qual
ity fn uorth; elsewhere *care and inferior.
"-'!•¦•:• — Apple crop light.
West Virginia — ArpW m<-*t!y gathered and
rotting Welly.
<">hio^ — Apples ricked; good crop In north-
T>rrt.
Michir&n — B'j*r.r beets penermi'.y giving good
v:«l<Js ard fairly well epetired.
W!«e^n«:a — An lei> rler.tlfu! and of excellent
cuslity.
lo» - a — Month warmer and tfryer than usual;
favorable for harvesting arr'-es.
Kansas — Apple* harv^sfd; good crop.
Idaho — Harvest of !ate fruits progressed
*ltb eatiffacton' results; apple crop eepe
cial'.y *O"d. ...
Colorado — B»et harreet two-thlrds finished;
»~ror> ebove average.
¦Wcyhington — Much fn# weather for apple
Or*rT> — Abundant crop of late apj»!*« being
har»rrt«>d: quaJity rood.
Frorr. tbe Crop Bulletin, TTnlted States De
rcrfrr.ert of Agriculture. Washington. D. C.
for raorib of October. 1$K>4:
The reports ln-!:ca*% a eooi app'» crop, ex
e*ri In the Ohio and central MiM'.isippt val
ley* ar.4 portions of the mlfifile Atlantic
Ftatec
New Er.gJanfl— App'.e crop excellent, but
tr-i'.t tcmf»hat small.
,n>w York — Fruit darr.ag*^ by frost In 6<t>
t«rr.ber: » *ery large crop cf applee of ex
e*!>rit quality; hop* ana beass average crop.
New .Vrsey — Arples and r*ers better than
exvectefl.
Penn*rKs.r.;a— Winter fc?r>s excellent.
Maryland ar.d Delaware — Fruit icarce, ex
cept tat* pears.
Florida— Citrus fruits maturing; shipments
•rtive.
Fruit Crop Report.
Edward P. Levy (owner) with J. Frank Ball
(contractor), architect Jl. J. Lyon — All work,
for a two-story attic and basement frame
dwelling on lot on E line of Tenth avenue.
260 S California. S 25 by E 120. Outside Lands
173; £300.
John and Anna Handschmacher to Annie J.
Larkln. lot on N line of Twentieth street. 25
E of Eureka, E 25 by N 110; $10.
. Michael T. Shannon to Domenico Flrenw.
lot on S line of Francisco street, 164:11^ W
of Dupont. W SQ:O)£ by S 70; $10.
Elesabeth Elpper to Paul De Martini and
Domenico VatWne, lot on W line ef Powell
street, 75:8 N of Chestnut, N 23 by W 70; lift.
George S., William H., Grace M., Samuel
M. and William H. Crim Jr. to Enterprise
Foundry, lot on NW corner of Nineteenth and
Florida streets. W 200 by N 12O: $1O.
G. M. Brennan to George W. Turner, lot on
NW corner of Sixteenth and California stmt-1,
W 240. N 74:5. N 78 degrees E e0:», NTT »5:4
N 450:5. E 340. S 600; $10.
Eugene A. or Eugene and Elizabeth Holl or
Hall to William M. LartV. lot on W line of
Elgthth avenne, 250 S of Cleraent street. 9 25
by W 120: $10.
Gyula F. Spiller to Lillian Splller. lot on ~E
line of Twenty-sixth avenue. 125 S of Clement
street. S 25. NE 83:11. N 8% degrees W 23,
W 81:2 2-3; gift.
¦ Charles Conklin to John VT. Rellly. lot on W
line of Forty-third avenue. 260 S of A street.
S 70. W 157:9, NE 71:8. E 140:4; also lot en
W line of Mission street. 23:9 S of Fifteenth.
S 36:3. W 107. N 60. E 20. S 23:9. E 87; also
lot on E line of Valencia street. 123 S of Fif
teenth. S 32 by E 100; also lot 32. block 52.
lot 32. block 49. City Land Association; $10.
- John II. Speck to same, same; $10.
William M. Abbott to same, same- tlO. i , /.
Samuel D. a-.J Emma Magnes and Matthew
D. and Minnie H. Brown to E. W. Crellln.
lot on SE line of Mission street. 100 NE of
Fourth. NE 25 by SE IOO: $10.
Bay District Land Company to United StatMt
Building. Realty and Investment Society, lot
on W line of Third avenue, 22» S of B street.
S 254 by W 120; $10.
D. J., Emma A. S. and Timothy T. O'Brien
and John Andrew Jones Estate Company to
Lynn C Simpson and A. S. Crawford, lot en
W line of. Forty-eighth avenue, 225 S of I
•treet, 8 IOO by W 120: $10.
Bernard Bogner to Solomon Getx. lot on W
line of Thirty-first avenae. 200 N of V street.
N 25 by W 120; $10.
Frederick C. Carlson to A. H. Llsaak Jr.,
lot 4. block 492. Bay View Homestead; $10. !
Frederick C. and Sarah Hergene and J.
Kaner 'by commissioner) to G. F. and H, N.
Gray, lot on N line of Belgrare street, 550:5 B
of Stanyan. E 25 by X 100. lot 23. block 6.
subdivision 1. Clarendon Heights; $507.
Mary A. McAleer to Mary A. MeAleer
et al. lot on S line of Grove street (Thirtieths
74:10 W of Dome. W 25:2 by 8*125, 1<* 10,
block 27, Fatrmoant Homestead: girt.
Julius C. Rets to Clara E. Taylor, lot H.
Mock 3, R»ls tract: grant.
J. P. S. and Hulda C. Johnson to Stw&rti
and Julia M. Ross, lot on W.Une of Alabama
street. 60. and 275 S of Twenty-elxth. W 50.
N to Serpentine. S to point 50. W to Alabama.
S to beginning, quitclaim deed; $5.
William C. and Sarah J. Pamcrton to Gus
taf R. and Frieda M. Pallas, lot on NW line
of Precita street, 629:6% E of Mission, NE 28,
NW 150. W 30. SE 164 :2V,: $10.
Thomas M. and Mary A. Godfried (br !>• W.
Lori ng and C. F. Rilllet. trustees) to Contf
nantal Building and Loan Association. 1937 D.
10, lot on SW line of Mount Vernon street.
53:8 NW cf San Miguel. NW 75 br SW 100.
lots 9 to 11. block B. O°tx Addition to Lake
view, trustees' deed; $710.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to John II. Grady, same;. $10.
John Kernes to Anna Kernes, commencing at
point N 27 degrees 45 minute*. W 20 from W
line of Rotteck street and N boundary Apring
Valley Homestead tract. NW 25 by SW 102,
lot 31. Salomon portion Rock road; gift.
Builders* Contracts.
Mattle E. Smith (ownert with C. W. Han
sen (contractor) architect — All work for
a two-story . frame building (two flats) on W
line of Folsom street. 260 N of Twenty-oecond.
N 25 by W 122:8. M. B. 55: $6196.
Ella M. Leigh (owner) with Kelly Brother*
(contractors), architect E. W. Hyde^ — Grading,
foundation, carpenter work, mill work. plaster-
Ing, electric work, concrete and bitumen
work for a three-story and basement
frame building on lot on southeast corner
of Scott and Hayes street*. 8 86 by E 3O:
$11.260. .
C. F. Van Issendorf (owner) with F. H.
Born (contractor).- architects O'Brien and
Werner — All work for a three-story and base
ment frame building (flats) on lot on W line
of Lyon street. 100 8 Page, W 100, B 25. E
100. N 23. Western Addition ft"4; $78OO.
Christian Wagner to Carl Wagner, lot on W
line of Potrero street. I3S:tf N of Twenty-flrst,
N 29 by W 100; gift.
Same to Frieda Wagner, lot on E line of
Hampshire street, 1ZS:6 N of Twenty-flrrt. N
29 by E 100; gift.
William and Annie M. Linden to Rudolph
and Sophie Muller. lot on NE corner of Clipper
and Church street*. E 101 :ia by, N 31 :«; $U\.
John McAdoolo Mary McAdoo, lot on N line
of Twenty-fifth street, SO E of Castro, J! 30
by N 144; gift. •
Enrico and Paullina Bellomo to Giuseppe
Crosettl et al., umliviUerl one-seventh of lot on
E Una of Landers street. 71:1% N of Sixteenth,
N 42. NE to point 13o SW of Dolores, S 41,
SW to beginning: $lo.
John Gillaro to Mary Gillam. property in
1915 D. 401 undivided 4-10 of lot on S line ot
.Fifteenth street, 125 W of Sharon. W 5O by 3
loo: $10. i
Myra McMahon to Mary D. Mahony, lot oa
N line of McAllister street. 5«:3 W of Lott,
W 25 by N 100; gift.
George F. A. Burkhardt and C. K. and Jo
hanna Spannagel to Albert P. BurkharJt et aL,
lot on SE corner of Twentieth and Folsoia
streets. E M by S 60; a!-., let on E line of
Valencia street. 'Si6 N of Twenty-second. N
24 by E 125; also lot on the NE line of Thir
teenth street. 104:4<j NW of Howard,^NW
75:2%. NE J31MJ PE 74:««,. SW -JoOillN; als»
lot on NE line of Thirteenth street, 179:7 NW
of Howard, NW 90. NE 217:9%. SE SK>. SW
231:4; atso lot on riW line of Uurris avenue,
95 SE of Bryant street. i?E 4(> by SW 75; also
undivided one-half of lot on S lia«» of Seven
teenth ntreet, 1UO W of Folsom. \V 24 by a
100. aod property out of county; $401)0.
Kate D. Boyns (Hawkin*> to CaleK Leven
saler. lot on E line of Fair Oaks street 123
S of Twenty-flrst. S 20 by E 117:6; |10.
Estate of William K. Van Alen (by O. D.
Baldwin, executor) to Clara Waiter, lot oa
SW corner of 5J«cram^nto and Lycn stre«ta.
s 20 by w too; n.
Clara -Walter ro Annie S. Mackay (wife of
GeorgO, i»ame; $10. • *
Mary Cradock (or Craddock) to Touns <%
Swain Baking Company, lot «>n TV lin* of D*
vlsadero street, 110:5*4, S of Gearv S 27'Oti
bv W t»0; *10. . ' '
MONDAY, NOV. U
Hops are as strong aa aver, with a sale of
11,000 bales, the crop of the Moxee ranch In
the Takima Valley. Wash., at about 8O0. Th©
stock was not -strictly choice. Another In
teresting sale Is. that of 1100 bales 1905 crop
Bacramentos, on contract, at 17a.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %Slc under quotations. Heavy valted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c: light, 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 9%c for light;
Stags. 7c: Salted tfip, 10%e: Salted Veal,
lie; Salted Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. 17Hc; dry
Kip, 15c; dry Calf, 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
2. r i<g40c each;' short Wool, 40©65c each: me
dium. 75©«0c: long Wool. $1(S1 50: Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for
medium. $1 50®2 Tor small and 60c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 25^
1 60 for medium ¦ $1 for small, 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 30c; Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large. 50c; medium, 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c: Grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin and South
em. 9®llc; Southern, «©9o: Southern Moun
tain, 9®llc; Middle Counties, free. 12®14c;
do, defective. 10@12c; Northern free, 12®14c;
do defective, 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 16018c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop, 29®32c per lb.
Hides contlnne firm and active, with an ad
vance In horse hides, the other description*
remaining about as before.
Hides. Tallow. Wool arid Hops.
RFLMi ESTATE TRANSACTIOXS.
At a directors 1 meoting of tfc» C .urobus
£«V.ngs ana Lo«n Society on Saturday L Vi.
Ho'.lmaa Jr., Joseph Cai«-paris and A P. Gian
r.'.U were appointed to act as a builJing com
ir.lttee w'.ih full power to arrange iCT tnt
•roctlo'a cf a building for the u*e of the bank
•n ;r.« lot recectSy purchased on the north<a-«t
corner cf Montgomery «n<j Washington street*.
Th* na^etJrg aleo m«d> a call on th»> Fnart?
ho:fier» tor f25 j-«r share of the unpaid cap
ital. Payment will b* delinquent on Dfcern^
b«r 17 and sale <I«r wffl be oa January ••
The authorised car'.tal of this bank is 1300,-
O00 In 1200 shares cf a par value of $250 each.
VTtma it was erran'.zea !n 1S9S $f«0 per ehare
was ptlfl up; Uter a call of $25 per share
v U made, ana then $10,000 from reserve was
trar.r?e-r»<J to paid-up capital, making the
, rr n>fr.t peJd-up capital »100.noo. which will
it raised to tlSO.OOO. or $1"S 33 1-3 per share
"$>a:<! v-p. Th« rwerve aad undivided profits
mznevnx to $74,853 14.
William H. High, havlrg resigned bis poal
tlon t* Bark Co=r.rnls*ionrr. yesterday entered
on hu n«w fle'.a as manager of «»• local
•branch of the Irtarnational Baxking Corpora
tJoci.
Banking Notes.
Cured Meats continue inactive and feature
less In all positions at previous quotations.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy 10%c for light medium. 13c for light,
14o for extra light and 14%o for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar
cured Hams,. 12%@12%o; California Hams.
l'JS312%c: Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess. $10 50611: Family. $12®12 60; prime
Mess Pork, $14 50; extra clear, t22; Mess,
$16 60; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%o per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 8^9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9V40
9%c; "10-lb tint. lOVic; 6-lb tins, 10%o; S-lb
tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENR—One half barrel, 8%o; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8V*c; flvt tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14. — Sentiment in the wheat
pit to-day was bearish from start to finish.
The Impossibility of communicating with the
Eastern seabcard by wire tended to make >ji
tame session. In the absence of any news
from foreign markets local longs were In
clined to take profits. Initial quotations on
December were off %®^c at $1 14. May was
lower to a shade higher at $1 13*s@l H'v
Influenced by a small movement in the North
west shorts Immediately after the opening
covered quite freely. The result was an ad
vance to $1 14 % for December. May sold up
to $1 14'4. The market, however, soon yielded
to persistent liquidation, and prices steadied
on a gradual decline. Reports from, the South
west wert bearish, a message from Oklahoma
City claiming that acceptance of wheat there
was the largest In six weeka. St. Louis also
reported a poor demand for cash wheat. At
$1 13 %, December touched the low point of
the day. The bottom on May was reached at
$1 13V*. Just before the close there waa some
buying on a report of frosts in Argentina. In
consequence the market made a slight recov
ery, but the ton* at the close was weak.
Final quotations on D«eember were at $1 13%,
a loas of 7 *c- May closed "%o lower at
$1 13H-
In the corn pit weakness of wheat and In
creased movement of the new crop and lack
of outside support caused an easier tone. De
cember closed J 4 c lower at 50%c.
Trading In oats was exceptionally quiet and
prices fluctuated within exceedingly narrow
limits. December closed H'iUc lower at 2Ss;i
0200.
Influenced by liberal receipts of hogs and
low price* at the yards, local packers were
free sellers of lard and as the result prices
of ail hog products showed losses. At the
close January pork was off 7%@10c, at
$12 67%; lard was down 10c, at $7 07^4. and
ribs were BQ-74e lower, at (6 32%@« 55.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles — Open. High, f Low. Close.
Wbeat No. 2 —
December .. 1 14'* 1 14% 1 13% 1 13%
May 1 1«H 1 HVi 113^5 113%
July 99}i 99% 0S»i 9S'fc
Corn No. 2 —
December .. 61% 61% . 60% G0;i
May 4tt% 40»i 46% 46*5
July 46% 46% 46% 46^,
Oat» Xo. 2 —
Pecember .. 29% 29H 28% 29
May 81% 31% 81% 81%
July 31% 31% 31% 31%
Mess Pork per barrel —
January ....12 67% 12 72»4 12 65 12 67&
May 12 70 12 75 12 67% 12 70
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January .... 7 05 7 10 7 05 7 07%
May 7 20 7 25 7 20 7 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 6 62% 6 57% « 60 6 05
May 6 67% 6 67% 6 62% 6 65
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
' Mont Ton ...1 80 t 90!Ton A Cal 1« 2O
Ton Cxten ..1 Sft 2 to : Ray A O'Brien — 07
MacNamara . 23 25' Paymaster ... *Vt f:4
Ton Midway.. S5 38' Little Ton .. 4S —
Ton Belmont.. «3 70!Esp*ranza .... 01 02
Ton N Star... 17 , is! Gold .Anchor.. 20. —
West End ... — 17!Qutncy H —
Ton Gold lit. 16 IS' N T Ton Con. — 12
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm .. — 221 Jumbo 5** —
Red Top 11 13! Jumbo Ex . . 18 23
Goldfiel,! Mhk 17 21,' Vernal Min . . 1» —
Columbia 23! OoldfleUl 61 —
TOXOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Toncpah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100O Black Ants... 10 :it.'o Mont Ton ...1*0
5oO Bullfrog Min. 51! «0ft N T Ton Cofl. 12
3000 Ksperanza ... riUOCU N Y Ton. Con. - 13
500 GoldHeld Min C2J 100 Ton Pelmont. . 74
1000 GoMfleld Mhk 1S| 50 Ton Belmont. . 73
1J~? Cldfld Red. L CtJ; 200 Ton Belmont.. 72
o00 Hazel Kirk .. 12: 1W> Ton Belmont.. 71
1500 Jumbo Ex .. 201 ioo Ton A Cal 21
100 \*icNaroara . r:>ieflOTon Midway.. 3*
2000 MacNamara . 24' 10P0 Vernal Min .. 18
Afternoon Session.
400 Bullfrog Min. 31 i iftOO MacNamara .. 2*
1WO Gldfld IJed L OS? SOO Mont Ton ..1 87*4
200O Jumbo 50' t5flB N Y Ton Con. 12
200 Jumbo 51! 500 Red Top .... 11
200 Little Ton .. BQj SCO Ton N Star... 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BWArtJ BW.A.k.
Adams 0» 10! MacNamara .. 24 2«
Black Ants .. — IX; Mont Ton . ..1 S3 —
Black Butte.. 15 — ' N T T Con M. — 12
Blue Bull M. — 27! Paymaster ... 02 03
Booth M Co. 1.1 — 'Quincy 11 —
Bullfrog Min. 51 —I P.ay Exten . . — 68
Columbia — 2C! Uar & O"Brlen " — 1»
DlamondflfU. — .'isjrtay Ton .... — 14
Esperanza ... — 01 ! Hcil Top 10 II
Goldfield BiB — l."» [>.scue no 10
OoidHeld Dmd — 20 Kothwell G M. 10 50
Goldflekl Min fil «l| .Sandstorm ... — 13
GoldfleU Mhk 15 22;Ton Belmont.. 7ft 71
Gldfld Red L. — 0«;:Ton & Cal.... 15 —
Goldfleld S Pk — l«!Ton Exten ..2 10 —
GoMflpM Ton. — 11.' Ton Oolil Mt. 17 1*
Gold Mt Con. — 02' Ten MMw'a» . 38 S«
Hazel Kirk .. 05 — fTon N Star... 18 IT
Jim Butler .. 55 — :Ton Tnlon .. — 11
Jumbo 50 MH'nlted Ton .. — ft*
Jnmbo Ex .. 20 21' Vernal Min ..00 10
Little Ton .. 50 —I West End 10 IT
Lucky Tom.. — 17'
NEW YORK. Nov. 14. — Spot copper in Lon
don was strong, closing at £05 17s tJd; fu
tures at £66 ts. Twenty-two - hundred tons
were ?old. The local market was also firm
and higher. Luke quoted at $14 1- l y<il i 02%;
electrolytic, $14 25@14 00, and casting at
$14014 25.
Spot tin also was firm In London, closing
at £132 7or 6d and futures at £131 17s tid.
Locally tin was quiet, with spot at $2S SJVgp
24 10.
Lead closed at £13 12s 3d in London. Local
ly It was firm at H 20S-* 50.
Spelter was higher at £24 10s In the London
inarket and at $5 -»r.yo SO locally.
Iron closed at 51a 3d in Glasgow and at
45s 3d In Middlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed.
Xew York Metal Market.
I > rustraicd wires derance Eastern
Quotations.
Silver and Exchange .rates largely
nomiual.
Snjrar t-tot^ks continue to advance on
the local Exchange.
Wheat futures lower. Barley not ma
terially changed.
Western Corn still coming In freely.
Hay again in hoary receipt. Feed
stuffs unchanged.
lima Beans firm at a slight advance.
Potatoes in heavy receipt and weak.
Onions firm.
>ot much Poultry offering. Game
lower.
Continued heavy receipts of Apples.
Prunes still improving, but very
slow ly.
Butter weak and supplies rtJll ex
cessive.
Egs* lower and Cheese weak.
No change in Provisions anywhere.
Hides still firm and active.
Continued activity In Hops at firm
prices.
Another advance In live Hog*.
The gradual upward tendency in Prunes
continues, but at a snail's pace. Most of the
crop has passed out of growers' hands. Oth
erwise there Is nothing new.
FRUITS — New crop— Apricots, ?%Q10c for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
«i>4&7%c for White and 6Va@7c for Red;
Peaches. 7%©S%c per lb: Pears. 7@12c;
Plums pitted, 6®6%e for black, 7U<gs;;c
lor red and 7@S%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks 50c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-c»own, «0c; 0
crown* C5c; bulk white, 2%e3c; black, 3*ic.
Evaporated Apples. 6@7c per lb. ?
PRUNES— 1%@1&c per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISIN* crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 25® 2 50: Dehesa. $1 3CB1 33;
London Layers. v ?l@l 10; Loose Muscatels 4
crown, 4%c; 3-crown.- aaic: I'-crow-n. :»*Vic:
Seeded. 4%@5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4^c;
Seedless Sultanas, 3y 4 c per^ lb
NUTS^ — New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12O
12V.C- No. 2, 10©10%c; No. 1 hardshell, 12c-
No 2 10c- Almonds, 10©17c for Nonparleis
14fil4%o for I X L. 13@14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50©5;
Chestnuts, 8©12%c per lb for California and
12iA@13%c for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. 11%®13c for wlilte and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. 6%jJ
6c; lieht amber extracted, 5©5%c; dark, utf
4%c
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits,' Nuts, Knisins, Honey.
bTtie Tminiiiejre<l volume of the demand for
nckt. In epite of the paraiyeis of telegraph
—^r\-ioe and the character of some of the ee
icuritlea which moved most violently, were
*uffce»Uve of a narrow margin for the busi
:xiecs and Increased the uneasiness of those
l^rbo were on the watch for signs of reaction.
It •«-«• «:;¦;-• +•-- however, that the later
."r»r.fth Jc the market wa» due to tbe receipt
. of :•*•«.-. orders frora cut of town sources.
1 Th* i?tmoblllty of the call loan rate in face
; of aold movements wes anothT factor in the
;late recovery of confidence. The S3,7CK),000 of
!C0i4 engaged for shipment to Paris on Thar»
• <ay. together with the $3,000,000 expected to
,mo to Cuba this w*«k, certainly threatens an
Iciportant inroad upon the $8.^94.^50 of sur
plus reserves ehowa by the Saturday bank
•rtatemeat. The $2.0f>0,000 shipped to France
on (^aturdar had not figured in that ctate
• rr^r.t. But the money market rbowed that If
the racouroM cf the banks were running low
th»re was recourse available to other sources,
«a was the cas* lart week while the basks
¦»"T» reducing loans to the extent of nearly
f !5.o<X>.o.yv xi>e hoi* tw held out also that
th« t>.«-aten»d call of th« United States Treas
ury ui>cn the hanks for Government deposits
.might be averted. Loan rat»« were actually,
easier towanj the end of the day. Very cheer
ful ara hopeful advices wwe reoelved In Wall
>tre« izrm «:i quarters of the Industrial aad
comraerclal worifls generally. The Hrength of
the United £tat*c Steel stocks, Sonthern Pa
c:n>. Arnelgamated Copper and the New York
trsvrtlor.* were importar.t sustaining factors In
. the market. Tbe urual speculative leader* of
tre<5e w»re quite generally under pressure.
The unroilliar aspect of the widest ga!nera
will be perceived m the list of stocks whirh
ror* at different tim*a from 2 to 8 points. The
extra^rfiinarr variety of the inarket Is shown
fcy the 'art that the separata Issues dealt In
numbered no ie»s than 195.
TTi« bonfl mark»i was irregular, but In tha
tr.aln reartJcnarj-. Total aajes. S3.7&5.0O0.
nor.fls — United States w«re unchanged on
<TS."1.
New York Stork IJst.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Clojw.'
Atchison 14.700 I?7i4 8«% 88%
Atchison pfd 1.200 103 102«i 102%
Bait & Ohio 14.000 8$ J»6«4 »7%
Bait A Ohio Dffl.. 100 J>5 85 . M%
Canadian Pacific .. 15,4*** 134 132% 132%
\Cent cf New Jersey 300 194 i»2% 181 '
rhnm. A Ohio 17.8'X> 47 46U 46T4
Chicago & Alton .. 3,000 45% 45 44
Oil & Alton pfd * j^O
Chi * Greatwestern 31.700 «5'i 24«i 24%
Chi A Northwest.. 1.000 201% 2f»0% J99Si
Oil Mil A St Paul. 13.&M0 174% 172% 173
«-hl Mi: A St P pfd „ is.1
Oil Term & Trans. 1.9<jO 1114 n«i uri
Chi Term A T pfd. 1.200 23% 22% 23»i
r C C * 8t Loul«. 700 R9% KSU SSU
Colo Southern l.SrtO . 23T4 23% 23*.
Folo Fouth Irt pf>l. 1.700 &*L B7«4 &s
<>>lo fiouth 2d pfd LOOT 3G% . .-»u sn
I>*la A Hudson .. 3.0n«) 189% 187% i««
r>la Lacka A W 325
The, A Rio Grand*. l.S^iO ««% 34% M\i
Df-n A Rio O pfd. 1.700 87% f.6% M3%
Krie £7.5(10 40\ 39% 33%
Krie lirt pf<J 4.&O0 75% 'S3* 73%
r.rit 2d rfd 2.0CK) 58 M% 65>»
Hacking Valley ... 4O0 fOH^ SS% Kl
H-"kla» VeJ pfd .. 200 85% «» J89
*" -'-oif Central .. !>..^i0 152% l. r i0% 150%
— Ctntral I,4f)0 32*» ::i 31%
.. r+nt pf a ~ 3.3rK) 89*4 f>7 57
• <"lty Pouth .. 1.RO0 31% .11 31 >;
K«ns <: S irfd 4.000 55% 51% 54%
"Loulsv & Nashv .. 17.200 139 U J37V. 138%
Manhattan T 7..V1O 16514 Ifi3^ inthi.
M»tropol Eecur 4.200 K3% M% .£2
aietropol Et. Ry. .. U.400 125 123« 12364
NEW TOR.K. Nov. 14.— The excited •pecula
tion to-day was Cashed by the large engage
ment of goli tor Har!« to-day. Tlie wild char
acter of the movement of the first hour In ln
:Cu*trl«J *;>e<saJt:es and lew grade railroad
;«ucks aroused Kispivicgs as weil. These two
«lrfiuene*s pa\-ei the way for the reaction.
Jwh'.ct t*tr.e quit* general during the midday
ft>KTioA fcr.c forced lL« l«-vel of prioes for the
\mcOm f.kr.iar-'. stocks a point or more below
t Saturday's le^••l. Tit* d»clin« waa at no time
•bcionfl. and the nart played by bear selling
,-m** shown by the late Ceinand to cover by
,«iiorta. Th« aaW recorded during the first
jiiour rose to over a half-million ehar*s. ehow
:iag tt« ra.t« of activity well raaJntained at the
. recent maximum In spite of the Interruption of
¦*:r* service by th« •torm. which practicalir
Jpc-raJyzed the artivme* of some of the com
modity :..«:,«u
New York Stock Market.
] Mexican Central .. 12.700 21 20 20%
Mlnneap & St Louis 300 «3 62 62*4
MIr.n,StP.& RS M... 800 92 91 91
I Minn.StP.&SSM pfd 700 149»4 148 147H
Missouri Pacific .. 34.HOO 1C9 107% 10S 1 *
Missouri, H-& Tex. • 7,300 .-15% 34 34&
Mo K & T pfd.. 4.500 6414 64% 64
Na'RR of Mex pfd. 2.800 43% 43 43ii
X Y Central 1,0'JO 137=s ISS^i 1.3C>i
I Norfolk & Western 5.6O0 74V+ 73^4 73%
Norfolk & W pfd... 100 94 94 »O
! Ontario & Western.. ' KW 43>4 42'» 43
Pennsylvania 70,<X>6 157% 135% 136%
Ptbp. COi Simula INT 77 77 79
i Reading 25,100 76 75% 75"4
! Reading 1st pfd .. 1.200 884 &8 *S
j Reading 2d pfd . . . 200 80>4 80% 80
i Rock Inland Co ... 17,200 S6% 35 36
I Rock IM Co pfd... 2.40K 79 j, 79% 79
i St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,400 70 69 69%
! St Louis SW 1.700 25% 25 25%
St Louis SW pfd . . 4,9(10 54 52% 62%
j Southern PaciSc ..139.S0O C7% 65% 67%
I So Pacific pfd .... 600 117 116% 116H
; Southern Ry 31,000 «fl% 35% 35%
i Pcuthera Ry pfd .. 1.400 96' 95% 95^4
T*xa6 & Pacific ... 14.300 38 H 3t>% 37H
! Toi. St L ft W**t... 600 31% 31% 30%
' T. St L & W rfd.. 200 50 49% 49%
! T'nion Pacific C9.S00 113 111% 112%
i rnion Tacific pfd . 2O0 95 84% 93%
' Wabaoh 7.10O 24% 24 24%
Wabash pfd 0 800 47% 46% 46%
; Wheel & I^ake E . 300 22% 22% 21%
1 Wisconsin Central 800 23% 24% 2:»%
' Wiscon Cent pfd.. 900 47% 47 ' 47
Exp:-e*s Companies —
A in::.- 240
J American , 212
. T'nitKJ States 115
Wells-Fsfrgo 238
Miscellaneous —
; Atr.algam Copper . 77,200 75% 74% 75%
' Am Car & Fdy 2.2f.*O '31 30% 30%
i Am Oar & F.iy pfd 600 87% 07% 87
Am Cotton Oil 3.6OJ 33% 32% 33
, Am Cotton Oil pfd 84
i American Ice 400 8% S% »V4
1 American Ice pfd 8ff%
'Am Linseed Oil 6.100 19% 17% 18%
Am Lin Oil prd... BOO 42 41% 41%
Am Locomotive . . 3.800 31 30 80%
Am Locomo pfd . . 200 1*9% 99% 99
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 1S.S00 7S% 77% 78%
I Am Em A Rfg pfd. 800 114% 114 114
i Am Sugar Rfg . . . 84,700 148% 145 147%
! Anaccn Mining Co. 1.200 115% 114 114
Brook Rapid Tran 4B.6O0 69% 67% 6»U
Colo Fuel ft Iron.. 24.100 47% 45% 46%
Consolidated Gas.. 13.300 219*- 218 218
i Corn Products 27,900 24"i 23% 24%
¦ t^orn Products pfd. 1.2OO Kl% 80 80
Distillers' Secur .. 3.000 37% 37% 37
General Electric .. 3.000 1S2% ISO ISO
Ii.ternat Paper ... 5.200 21 20 20%
Ir.ternat Pap^r pfd 1.900 79% 7i> 79%
I Irternat Pump W)0 40% 40% 40%
Internat Pump pfd. 800 Sr»% 85 85
National Lead 7,300 28 25 24%
North American ... 5.800 102% 90% 101
Pacific Mall 4.300 49", 4S% 48%
Peoples Ou 4.100 106% 10S% 108%
Pre»B*d St«vl Car.. 1,200 S5V6 34% 34%
Pressed P Car pfd. 6CK) 84 83% S3
Pullman Pal Car... 100 230 230 225
Aepubllc Steel .... 3.2O0 17% 10% 16%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.500 63% 63 62%
i Rubber Goods 3,500 24% 24% 24%
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 S7 87 80%
Term Coal ft Iron. 34.600 75% 72% 75%
U S Leather 19.300 14% 13% 14%
V S Leather pfd... 2.000 94% 93% 93%
O 8 R«Maty 6.300 SO 77% 79%
XJ S Rubber 4,000 31% 30 30%
U B Rubber pffl... 500 S6 S5 84%
O P Steel 127.700 2S% 27% 27%
U S Steel pfd ....122.900 R7% 9C 87%
Wrstlnghouse Elec. SOO 177 174 174
Western Union ... 1.700 03 92% 92%!
Xew York Bonds.
U S r*f 2« reg..lO4%]L ft N unified 4«.103i4
Do coupon 104%; Man °° n gold 4s. 105
Do 8s re-g 104%iMex Central 4s... 74
Do coupon 104%! Do 1st lne 23%
I>0 new 4» reg.130% Minn A St L 4c. 97%
Do coupon 180V. M. K & Texaa 4s. 102
Do o'.d 4s reg.106% Do 2ds SG>4
Do coupon 106% NR of Mex con 4s S0%
Atch gwi 4* 102%! N Y C gen 8%s..lOO%
Do a<ij 4s 83 N J C gen 6a 135%
Atlantic C L 4s. 99 | Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Bait ft Ofclo 4».103%] Do 3s 75%
Do 3%s 9<5V»!No r ft W. ©»n 4S.101
Central of Ga 56.111%'OSL 4s « partic.104%
Do 1st ine 92%' Pa conv 8%s 1OJ
Ches & Ohio 4%».107%! Reading gen 4s... 102%
Chi & Alton 3%s. KOVS L A I M con 5s.ll6
C B A Q new 4s.lOS"«'S L A S F fg 4s. 88%
CM * 6P gn 4s.llOUSt Louis SW l«ts. 8S
C A- NW con 7s.l2S%' Seaboard A L 4s. 84%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 78%| So Pacific 4« 96
Do col ta 91 jSo Railway 5s 118%
C.C.C & SLgn 4*.103%lTex A Pao lst»..130%
Oil T»rm 4s 86 (To! St L A W 4«. 61%
Cons Tobacco 4«. 82H| Union Pacific 4s.lO6V t
Colo A So 4«.... 88HI Do conr 4s 112%
C F A I con t*. Sltfir S Steel 2d 5».. 8S%
Den A Rio O 4s. 101 u! Wabash lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4i.l01%) Do deb B 67%
Do gen 4s 90%'W ft X. Erie 4s... 91%
F W ft D C lsts.110%' Wis Central 4s... 92%
Hock Val 4%s...lll I
New York Mining Stocks.
A«ams Ccn 20! Little Chief 05
Alice 70 Ontario 3 50
Breece 12 Ophir 2 00
Brun* Coo 11 1 Phoenix 14
Com Tunnel .... 09lPotosl W
Con Cal ft Va... 1 45) Savage 20
1 nrtm Pllver 1 fiO Fierra Nevada 21
Iron Silver 1 ».V Small Hopes 2«
Leadvill*. Con 02!Standart1 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 27%
Call loans 2^3: Do pfd 87%
Time loans 4@5 Westing Common. 86
Bonfi» — Mining —
Atrhlson 4* 102 Adventure ....... TH
Do adj 4.« 93% AJlouez 20%
Mex Central 4s... 71 lAmal Copper .... 75
Railroad* — I Am<»r Zinc 13%
Atchison 86%! Atlantio 21
Do pfd lrc'A'Bingham 35%
Boston A Albany.252 | Calumet A Hecla_GfiO
Boston A Maine.164 iCpntfnnlal 31%
Boston Elev 153 I Copper Range ... 71%
Fltchburg pfd 138 Daly West 12
Mex Central 20%'Dom Coal 64
N Y. N H ft H.. 195%' Franklin 14%
Pere Marquptte... 75 iGrancy 4%
Union Pacific 112% 'Isle Royale 3%
Miscellaneous — I Mass Mining .... 7%
Arr.er Arge Chcm. 19%!MirhIs-an 10%
Do pM 81 HI Mohawk 54%
Amfr Pneu Tub*. 6 [Mont Coal A Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 147 I Old Dominion ... 27'
Do pM If9%!o*c«»ola nr,
Amer Tel ft Tel. 14".'-. Parrot 32%
Am»r Woolen ... 19Vj!Quincy 115
Do pfd R" I Shannon 8 "
Dom Iron A S... 18%'Tamarack 137
Kd E!*ct Illnm..243 {Trinity 17U
Gen dwrtrie l«n% t; g xrinlng 24««
Mass Elfttrls 15%IU R Oil 10%
Do r'd 57 (Utah 44%
Mas* Gas .; 41HfVictoria 6
T'nifd Fru!t ir.*i CWinona 12%
TTn Shoe Mach... R4 W^olverine 106
Do"" 3 "*'
I/widon Cloplnjr Stocks.
Cons for money.. 8S%!n Y Central 140U
Do for acct..88 5-16! Nor- & Western... T«
Anaconda 6 j Do pfd 93%
Atchi*on 80% Ont ft Western... 44%
Do pfd 105%! Pennsylvania 70%
Bait 4 Ohio. 100% 'Rand Mines ;.... 11UI
Can Pacific 135*; (Reading 3!>%
Che* A Ohio 47«i1 Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 25%j Do 2d pfd 41
Chi. Mil A St P.179 I So Railway 37
De Beers 18*4 Do pfd 98
D«»n A Rio O Sr.'ilFo Paciflo e8*t
Da pfd 89% I Union Paclfio 115%
Erie 41% Do rfd 98
Do let pfd 75% IT f= Ft«L 28T4
Do 2(1 pfd B7% Do pfd R9«4
ni Central l.V,%i WaT>ash «il
Ixwis A Nafh 142%] Do rfd .... 49
M K A Texan... 36U'PranIi>h 4s ge%
Bar silver— OnlK. 2r%4 per eunco
Money — 21f2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is S per cent and for three
months' bills 8 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury. v
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— -To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of redemption shows t
SsV^eVeaa Ca8h bal * nc#> * u 4,992.32e; gold,
• New York Cotton Market.
N " 1 E]F* T. On ?- Kov A « "-—Cotton futnre.
opened dull. January. 897e; February lOOlet
"March. 10.08c; April. 10.10c bid; May 10 lOct
July, 10.25c: August 8.05c. *w.iocj
Futures closed eteaijy. November, ».75c- De
ermher. 9.SSc; January, 9.99c: February
10.06c March. 10.10c; April. 10.14c,° Ma?"
10.22c; June, 10 20c; July. 10.26c .
«M1?.; clt S e 1 duI1 - MW^UnK Uplands. 10.25e;
Middling Gulf. lO.KOc; sales. 100 bales.
New York Grain and Prodnce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— FLOUR— Finn. Re
ceipts. 31.500 barrels; exports, 62,600 barrels -
WHEAT— Receipts, 45.100 bushels. No" 3
red. $1 23% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duiuth. $1 2&% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba. $1 08 f. o. b. afloat. Options were !
' weak all day, closing %c net lower- May
closed $1 15%; July closed $1 03%; December
closed 51 20%.
HOPS— Steady,
PETROLEUM-+Steady.
HIDES— Strong\
WOOL— Firm. v
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice.
8 7-1 6c: mild. firm. Futures closed steady, but
10 points lower. Sales, 48,250 bags, including:
December. 7.05c; January, 7.15c; March, 7.40c;
May. 7.«0e; July. 7.75c; September, 7.8M?7.90c-
October. 7.9©«7.95c.
SUGAR — Raw, flrns; centrifugal. • 96 test,
4U.e; /^fined, firm, j
BL'TTKR — Firm. Street price, extra cream
ery. 1^*"; official price*, creamery, com
mot to extra, 15&23%c; held common to «x
tra. H"§"23e; renovated, common to «xtra, 130
19o: Western factory, common to choice, 130
10%c . . .
CHEESE — Firm : enchaneed. " .1.
EGGS — Strong; Western fancy, selected, 2Sc;
same, average best, 24ff2Sc
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
ly dividend of 7 cents per share, amounting
to $5000, November 15.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Nov. 14—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
4« qr coup..l06»41(W}\ 4s qr cp new.KiO'ilSl
4s qr reg...l06U100*» 3s qr coup... 104% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6S.12O 122'i
A»so Oil 5s. 86',i S9 Do S» 112% —
Bay CPC 5s. — 1021, Do con 5s. — 104%
Cal C G 5s. — — Oceanic S 5a. 55 ' O>
Cal G & E g v lOm Cable es.120^ —
. m & ct 5s. S4 • — Pac G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-st C 5S.114& — P E Ry 5s.. — 105
C C Wat 6s. 96 — P & C H tSs.104 —
E4L & P 68.125 — P & O R*6s.ll5 —
.F ft C II 6i. — — Powell-st 6a. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — Sac EG&R5s.l0O 1CO*4
H C&S SHs.lOS — PF & SJVfls.119 119%
Do 6s 100 . — . Sierra R 6s. — —
Hon R T Bs.lOtii — S P of A 6s
L A Eleo 5s. — 103Vi! (1W0) — —
L A Ry 5s.. 115^ — | (1910> 109*4 — «
L A L CO 6s — — S P of C to
Do gtd 6s. — — I (1905)S r A. 101 — Y
Do gtd 5S.101 103V4 1 (1!X>3)3r B. — —
LAP lem 5S.101 — | (1006) IWi; -
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6 — (1!U2) 114 —
Do lem 5s.ll«% — SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
MVA MtT5s.lO5 110 Do stampd. — —
NRR of CBs. — 107 S P B R 6S.134 —
Do 5s 118*4 — S V.Wat 6s.lO4H —
N P C R fts.103 106 I Do 4b 2dm.l00 —
N C Ry 5s.. - 112 j Do 4s 3dm. M^ -
X C P C 5». 99 - | Do* mtg4s 99*4 —
N S R R 5s. — J)5 IStkn G&tXs. OT —
OO LAH 5s. — 110 !I! G * B 5s.lO2*4 —
o w gtd 5s. — ioo |i;n of sf.4«. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 35 I Port Costa... — — I
Marln Co... 53 61 IS V Wat Co. 39 H *O
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3'i 3%!S F G & E. — 54 j
Mutual E L. 10% 11 Stkn GAB.— 5 l 4
Pae L Co... 60 eOWU G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE. ¦
Flrem's Fnd.310 326 ! '
RANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l26 130 L P ft A 150 — |
Anglo-Cal ..85 90 Mer Trust.... — 230
Bank of CaMIO 425 Merch Ex 50 — |
Cal *«afe Dp.l49H — * S F National — —
First Natlonl — 370 I
SAVINGS BANK9.
Ger S & L.2330 — [Sav & L So. . — 100
HumSA.L.— — JPec Sar Bk.. — 424 '
Mutual Sav. — 100 I Union T Co. . — —
S F Sav U.615 — !
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 198T4 1 Presidio S9 —
Geary — 40 I
POWDER. •
Giant" — <n%!Vii;orlt — *H |
SUGAR. j
Hawaiian C 73H — IMakawell C. 80*4 —
Honokaa S C 16H — Onomea S C. 2»*i 31
Hutch SPC 12*4 — I#iuhau S C. 17% 13
Kilauea S C. 3% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. »6% — Oceanic S Co. 3% 3%
Cal F C A. 99H100 Pac Aux FA. 4H — ¦
Cal Wine A. — 7B Pac C Borx.156 157H
MV& MtTm. 95 102 Pae S Tel Co. — 1054
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Alaska Packers' Association... 97 tt>
20 Hawaiian Com! ft Sugar 72 CO
275 Hutchinson S P Co 11 6<>
100 Hutchinson S P Co.. 11 P2^ |
100 Paauhau S P Co 17 75
320 Paauhau S P Co 17 S'^
110 S F Gas & Electric 55 23
100 S F Gas & Electric, b 90 56 00
Street —
10 Pacific Lighting Co 60 25
J6.000 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 5s 10O CO
$1,000 Lo« Angeles Ry 6 per 'cent 118 ©O
$5,000 S P C 1st con 5s (stmpd). s 10.107 75
$4,000 S P of Arizona (1909).... 109 OO
United R R of S F 4 per cent. 88 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Alaska Packers' Association... 87 00
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 96 STJfi
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 73 CO
125 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar. . 73 SO
275 Honokaa SCO 16 5O.
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. . 4 OO
185 Hutchinson S P Co 12 12«4
115 HutchlnBon S P Co 12 25
60 Makawell 30 50
50 S F Gas & Electric 55 00
* 50 S F Gas A Electric 54 75*
5 S F Gas ft Electric 54 00
$1,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 106 50
$8,000 United R K of S F 4 per cent. 86 23
>V Street —
15 Hawaiian' Coml ft Sugar 72 5O
100 S F Gas & Electric, b 90. ... 50 OO
$10,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 100 00
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels. $2 5Og3
per box;* Seedlings. $1 50@l 75; Tangerines.
$125 for small and $175 for large boxes:
Lemons. $2 60@3 for fancy, $1 75®2 25
for choice and $1 25«?1 50 for stand
ards; Grape Fruit. $2@3; Mexican Limes,
$4@4 So per case; Bananas. $'J'(i"-> per bunch for
<>i:tral American and 75c(g$2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, <"fi4 per dozen.
POMEGRANATES — 50@60c per box.
QUINCES — 25@50c per box.
FIGS — 5Cc@$l per box.
GRAPES — Table varieties. 65C®$1 for crates.
30<g50c for small boxes and $1_ 25@1 75 for
oppn boxes.
I to restrict business. There seemed to be
some general selling by commission houses in
j a small way on which the market declined
lie subsequently rallying • on reports that
I Broomhall cabled freezing weather in Argen
tina, though not confirmed. This caused some
buying by pit shorts. -The tendency of the
market to-day Indicates lower prices, At no
time did the market show any snap. There
seemed to be Influential selling when the mar
ket showed any desire to advance. Wo can
I but reiterate our former idea on the market.
I It Is a scalping affair, with the public still
looking on."
In this market futures were lower owing
to the decline/ In Chicago and Indications of
rain. The cash Brain was. in fair demand,
but sellers were and offish and did not
offer f«..v. CASHWHEAT
California Club. $1 60@l 52%; California
White Australian, $1 60@l C5 : Northern Club,
none offering; Northern Bluestem, Jfi C2»i®
I 65 per ctl. - ¦
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. in.
Open. High. Low. Owe
'December ...$1 44% $144% $144% $144%
May 1 46»4 1 46}i 1 46 1,46VI|
• 2 p. m. Session.
I December— $1 44tf.
i May— $1 45%.
BARLEY — Receipts were 11,525 ctls. ,The
i market for cash .Feed was firm, with eales at
the top quotation, and some holders unwilling
¦. to let go at.lt. Futures were quiet and un
changed.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07H©l J-H; Brewing and Shipping
II 15&1 17 fc; Chevalier. $1 ll*i©l-:ssk per
¦ t " FUTURES.'
Eeaslon 0 to 11:80 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December . ..$1 09% $1 C0& $1 OU^ $1 09>4
•May 109 109 108% 108%
2 p. m. Session,
j December.. $1 00%.
May— $1 08% bid, $1 09 H asked.
OATS — Receipts were large, being 14,823
; ctla, of which 6491 were from Washington.
; Black for* seed was quoted, higher, with a
' sal* at the top quotation. Otherwise thera
| was no change.
• White. $1 -K!»£®1 67 Vj! Surprise, $1 5591 60-
I Red for feed, 91 SUViiU'l *& for No. l and
! SI 22% @1 SO for No. 2; extra One for seed,
$1 42Vb@l &0; Black. (1 S0@l 35 for feed and
$1 45S1 62H for «ed.
CORN— Receipts were 3000 cU«. all Western.
( The market continues very steady at previous
I prices, with a good demand, which absorbs
I arrivals Immediately
1' Western sacked, $1 4501 60 for Yellow,
' SI 45@1 SO for White and H 45©1 BO for Mixed;
I California large Yellow, $1 45®1 60; small
1 round do. $1 65® 1 62% ;• White, nominal ;
! Egyptian, $1 S5S1 45 for White, and $1 25©
• 1 SO for Brown.
RYE— $1 37%©1 42 per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about, $3 per
ctl. ________
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Etxtras. $4 80®
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70®5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
'follows: Graham Flour, f 2 75- per 100 lbs;
| Rye Flour. $3 23; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
I $7; Corn Meal, $2 60; extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat Groats, f4 25; Hominy,
*3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
I Wbtat, $3 75; Farina. $4; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 60; Rolled Oats. bbls, $6 75®7 60; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 60; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
Exchange and -Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 *>¦»>;
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 >i
Sterling Exchange, cables ' — 4 88 %
New York Exchange, sight — 05
j New York Exchange, telegraphic. — <>7% -
Sliver, per ounce ...'... — . 5S&
Mexican Dollars ...'. 45*.j & -m
INTERNATIONAL. ..;.;..
New York on Paris 5.15V
New York on Mexico ....21514
Paris on London 25.12%
Berlin on London ....... ..20.36ft
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The wires were, prostrated east of
Chicago by the heavy blizzard, hence there
was very little news yesterday, and that was
fragmentary and Incomplete. Chicago . was
lower. Minneapolis reported a good ; demand
for cash ; Wheat, the - outside markets < taking ,
It. The world's shipments for the week, Kus
sla omitted were as follows, in quarters: Ar
gentine. 67,000; Indian, 230,000; Australia'.
37.000. ' ' SBgaqraa&uSjft
' The Chicago letter o£ E./F. Hutton & Co.
\SSmm "The wires East being down tended
Killed by North Shore .Train.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 14. — Frederick
Muller was run over by a train on the
North Shore Railroad at Valley Ford *
Sunday mornins and had his right
foot cut oO^ He had evidently at
tempted to board the nlsrht freisrht
and fell. His death • followed within
a few hours after he was found by the
station asent. Muller waa a German
and aeed about 60 years.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
*V^ TUESDAY. Not. 15. Lot of GOOD
>-*» CHEAP WORK HORSES and MARE3.
Also a lot of Wagons. Buggies and Harness.
Closing out. 114O FOLSOM STREET.MRS. ELIZABETH C. PHTLLIPS. ONE OF THE BENEFICIARIES UNDER THE WILL OF BERTHA DOLBEER, WHO TESTI
FIED THAT THE TESTATRIX WAS OF UNSOUND MIND. BUT WHO ADMITTED ON CROSS-EXAMINATION THAT SHE
HAD TRIED TO INDUCE THE EXECUTORS TO GIVE HER f 23,000.
Some ¦well Invitations come from Edward
Knowles Co.. 24 Second St., nr. Market. •
MurineEye Remedy cures sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
smart; it soothes and quickly cures. *
VALLEJO, Nov. 14.— Last night
Fred Lehmann, a resident of this city,
was held up on the Napa road. He
was stabbed three times in the arm
and shoulder by an unknown man.
Lehmann was stopped by four men,
who demanded his money and watch.
One of the gang used a knife to en
force the demand. Lehmann will re
cover.
Held Up Near Vallejo.
• In the official count of ballots by
the Election Commissioners yester
day afternoon a rain of five votes for
Judge Troutt in the third precinct of
the Twenty-eighth District was re
corded.* The difference in the official
count and that of the election officers
was due solely to clerical errors. The
election officers of the seventh pre
cinct of the Twenty-eighth . District
and the second of the Twenty-ninth
failed to certify to the returns and
were cited to appear before the Com
missioners' to explain.
Official Cqjint Begins.
, A coupon worth from 25c to $7.50 free
is the remarkable holiday offer of the
Great American Importing- Tea Company,
whose ad. appears in to-day's paper.
A Liberal Store.
MARSHFIELD, Or., Nov. 14. — The
whaler-. William Bayless has arrived
from the north short of fuel and pro
visions, having but fifty pounds of
flour with which to feed forty-eight
men. She had on- board 10,000
pounds of whalebone and 400 barrels
of oil. All on board were well.
Reaches Port Short of Food.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14. — The fol
lowing Californians arrived here to
day:
At the New Willard — George Hooke
and wife, San Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. Button, E. G. Green and Calvin
Green, Los Angeles; E. M. Winship
and wife and Miss Blanch Beamer,
San Francisco. At the Raleigh — H. K.
Hall, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Murphy and
Miss S. Slnnott, Los Angeles; H. S.
Shelbon, San Francisco.
Callfornians in Washington.
Much interest is being taken in the
vaudeville entertainment to be given
by the alumnae of St. Vincent's Col
lege on Wednesday evening. The
members have worked arduously and
prepared an excellent programme.
Music will be furnished by St.
Mary's College orchestra and both
professional and amateur talent will
be seen on the stage.
' The evening's exercises will -be
opened with remarks by Judge Frank
J. Murasky, followed by a barytone
solo by James Maguire. Montague
Barton will give an exhibition of toe
dancing and recitations 1 will be given
by Marie Kenny and little Ethel
Priest. Among the professionals to
appear are Mme. Caro Roma and
Genie Fletcher., who is Just now mak
ing a hit at the Orpheum. Mrs. Mc-
Glade will give a soprano solo, Miss
Genevieve Sullivan a contralto solo
and the sweet tenor voice of George
Kelly will also be heard. S. Samuels
will display his skill on the zylophone
and Gaelic dancing promises to be one
of the interesting features of the even
ing. The proceeds will be devoted to
charitable purposes.
Dances, Songs and Recitations to Be
Given by Professional and
Amateur Talent.
ST. VINCENT'S ALUMNAE
PLANS ENTERTAINMENT
Bronchial Trouble* are often perma
nently cured by Plso's Cure for Consumption. •
WANTS UNIONS PUNISHED.— H. Pundt.
proprietor of the Poppy Cafe, yesterday filed
an affidavit In support of a motion for an or
der to show cause why the Cook*' and Wait
ers' unions should not be punished for con
tempt of court. On April 8 last he obtained
an order restraining the unions from picketing
his place of business, but be says that on Oc
tober 20 a union man resumed his Interference
and has continued to patrol tho place.
From Los Angeles — E. E. Fraser
and E. T. Fraser. at the Hotel York;
Mrs. A. F. Rose, and Miss . B. A.
Rose, at the Navarre; Miss F. L.
Shaw, at the .Hotel Astor; F. N. Shurt
leff, at the Woodward. .
NEW YORK, Nov. 14. — The follow
ing Callfornians arrived in New York
to-day:
From San Francisco — D. C.' Bloom,
at the Herald Square; iW. J. Wayte,
at the Hoffman, House; C. Bruck. at
the Hotel Astor; P. A. Buck and
wife, at the Herald Square; L. H.
Butcher, at the Hoffman; C. A. Cum
berson, at the Hotel Astor; C. G. Fol
lis, at the Holland House; R. Green
wald, at the New Amsterdam; Miss
H. M. Hardingr, at the St. Denis; Mrs.
J. H. Hemingway, at the Spalding;
J. James, at the Ashland House; F.
F. Knewlne, at the Victoria; C. A.
Stewart, at the Gilsey House; J. M.
Vermeher, at the Astor House.
From Santa Rosa — J. C. Kinslow,
at the Grand Union.
Californlnns in New York.
Recently several million dollars
were Invested by capitalists in dredge
mining lands along the Yuba River,
from four to nine miles east of Marys
ville, where vast quantities of gravel
and sand from the hydraulic mines
filled the old river "channel. To get at
the former channel the dredgers
moved all the accumulated debris. It
is feared by some that much of this
debris will drift down stream and add
to the already deplorable conditions
existing here and farther down the
valley.
MARYSVILLE. Npv. 14. — A public
meeting has been called for Saturday
afternoon at the City Hall for the
purpose of considering the dredge
mining question. George Hutchins,
Howard Reed, T. B. Hull, B. F. Wal
ton and Cline Bull, all prominent
farmers of Yuba and Sutter counties,
signed the call. If, sufficient cause ia
found legal steps to stop this method
of mining: or place It under restric
tions will be undertaken. It was here
the fight against* hydraulic mining
started. The people are apparently
not yet very decided whether dredge
mining is injurious, but the steps now
being taken are expected to settle the
matter.
Citizcns of Marysvillc Call Meeting to
Discuss Question of Great
Importance.
The proponents wpre not taken by
eurprise, however, and in the cross
examination, which was pressed with
vigor. Mrs. Phillips admitted that she
had tried to induce the executors to
. make allowance to her of $25,000. She
Jelt she had been dealt with very un-
Mrr. Elizabeth C. Phillips, bene
ficiary under Bertha Dolbeer's will to
the amount of $10,000, declared to the
jury in Judge Coffey's court yesterday
that the tPFtatrix was of unsound mind
xvhen Fhe made disposition of her es
tate. Mrs. Phillips was a cou?in of
John Dolbeer. the father of Miss Dcl
beei, and wat one of the few relatives
that the y« ung heiress remembered In
her testament.
To the casual observer this testimony
in behalf of the contestants came like
h thunderbolt from the blue. Should
the fctatemer.ts of the witness be con-^
vincin^ to the jury — should the wilf
bet pet apide and the law of succession
made to apply— Mrs. Phillips would not
be entitled to a cent of the $1,000,000
estate. In other words, it looked as if
ehe were trying to destroy her legacy
of $10,000. And she stated frankly that
In her old age her chief ambition was
now to get money enough for herself
and husband to live on. But she had
been compelled to come to court, she
said, and once on the stand must tell
the truth of Miss Dolbeer's condition,
no matter the consequences.
Upon the death of Mrs. Dolbeer, John
Dolbeer 6ent for the witness, who
thereupon took charge of and con
ducted his household for six years, tak
ing care of the children. Chase and
Bertha, the latter beinsr about two
years of aee at. her mother's death.
In. the last vear of her life Miss Dol
beer developed much restlessness,
seemed very, much depressed, com
plained of pains in the back of her
head and of insomnia, Mrs. Phillips
related a number of circumstances and
then in answer to a question of coun-
Mrs. Phillips also testified that Mrs.
Dolbeer, Miss Dolbeer's mother, was in
sane when she took her own life in
1879 and that a brother of John Dol
beer, who lived in Massachusetts, was
mentally unsound. The court refused
to entertain depositions of others in
regard to these matters. :-.;' ¦"'.
ACTED PART OF MOTHER.
The witness denied that she had
made threats, although she virtually
admitted that she tried to force a set
tlement with the executors. She had
not gone over to the canip of the con
testants, however, she asserted.
"I cm neither bought nor sold: I am
only humiliated," the aged woman was
moved to declare in voice that , was
quavering.
justly and that she ought to have at
least as much as Miss Dolbeer left to
the mother of Miss Warden, with whom
the testatrix had barely an acquaint
ance.
Mr. Gray to effect some settlement. I told
him that the Johnsons, attorneys for the con
testant, mieht hear of the testimony I could
give regardlne MIsb Dolbeer's mental condi
tion and compel me to testif.y, under which
circumstances, I said, I would have to tell the
truth.
J am neither bought nor sold. I am only
humiliated in this case.
Did not Mr. Williamson point' out to you
thsl !f thf ¦will were broken you would (tet
nothing- at all and did you not answer that
you could easily arrange that matter with the
contestant, who would do far better by you
than JflO.fOO? „,
Yes, Mr. ¦Williamson did tell me that if the
will wre broken- I would get nothing at
all. but! I never said I would jfet anything
from the contestant. Not a word was said
about that. Mr. Gray said John Dolbeer ought
to have given me ?10O,00O, but he himself
could do nothing for me, although he said if
the opportunity should present Itself he would
Brxcak to Miss Warren about It. Mr. Gray
advised me to talk as little as possible and
not to go near the Johnsons.
Did you not ask him to speak to Miss War
ren in your behalf?
I did not. 1 deny it.
Did you not say to Mr. Gray and Mr. Wll
llamscn that you proposed to have $25.C00, that
It was money you wanted and that you would
get It?
I never said it; I never said It. I did say
that the v/orld had gone against me and that
in my old age there was nothing left for me
to care for other than money.
Mrs. Phillins will be further cross
examined to-day.
DREDGE MINING CAUSE
OF ARGUMENT IX NORTH
Jules Clerfayt, local agent of the
Trans-Siberian Railway, has returned
from a business trip to the East, which
included a visit to the St. Louis Ex
position.
' Charles S. Hardy of San Diego, who
is prominent in politics in his home
county, is at the Palace. He Is here
for pleasure and to look over the sit
uation as developed by Tuesday's elec
tion. .
PERSONAL.
John McNaueht of Liverpool is reg
istered at the Palace.
J. E. Stubbs, president of the Nevada
State University, is at the Palace.
Grant Snvder, a well-known mining
man of Kennet, is at the Palace.
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck is
down from Sacramento and is staying
at the Occidental.
Attorney T. C. Van Ness, acting for
Fredericks, was confident the matter
would be adjusted satisfactorily.
George Fredericks filed an attach
ment against the West Coast Rubber
Company yesterday, for the sum of
$48,774, part of which he claims is
the value of stock owned by him in
the concern. The rest he says is
back salary due him as president and
manager. The other stockholders in
the company~are H. W. Goodajl and
J. H. Bennett, of the firm of Goodall
& Bennett. Goodall makes the fol
lowing statement:
"In February, 1902, my partner and
I, thinking Fredericks knew all about
the rubber business, went in with him
in the West Coast Rubber Company,
at 32 Fremont street. Fredericks was
made president. We soon began to
think that he was not competent. In
May the board of directors appointed
Don A. Sutherland manager of the
concern and found that the com
pany was out to the extent of $19,000.
We took stess to remove Fredericks
from office. lie got an injunction re
straining that move, but it was after
ward vacated by Judge Seawell and
we removed Fredericks from the
presidency of the company. Since
then the West Coast Rubber Com
pany has been making money. We
suppose that Fredericks' chagrin at
the removal inspired his action. He
did not ask us, for any settlement or
statement. He has advanced to the
corporation about $22,000, and my
partner and I have expended about
the same amount."
H. W. GToodnll and J. H. Bennett
Are Principal Stockholders in the
Corporation Involved.
RUBBER COMPANY ATTACHED
BY ITS FORMER PRESIDENT
H. A. L. da Silva was brought be
fore United States Commissioner Man
ley yesterday by Judson Brusle, agent
of a surety company, which had gone
on his bonds for $5000 on the charge
of importing Chinese women to this
country for immoral purposes. Mr.
Brusie . wanted to surrender the
prisoner and have the bonds released,
but Mr. Manley took the stand that
the prisoner should be surrendered to
Judge de Haven in open court. Judge
do -Haven had already adjourned the
District Court until this morning. Da
Silva was then taken before United
States Commissioner Heacock, who
also refused to receive him, and Da
Silva was taken back to the City
Prison for safe keeping.
"I don't see why they want to keep
me locked up during the Christmas
holidays, for my trial can't begin until
January," said Da Silva. "I" think
I've been given the double cross."
Lee Toy* who was arrested at the
same time and on the same charge,
is out on bail.
Mrs. Josie Ingersoll . absconded with
$35 worth of black silk goods belong
ing to her landlady, Mrs. E. J. Paulson
of 32 Fell street, and then deposited the
stuff with Mrs. Green, a dressmaker at
29 Fell street, with instructions that
it be made ' into a dress of the latest
fashion. Mrs. Paulson discovered her
loss and had the silk seized on a search
warrant, but ; neglected to pursue Mrs:
Ingersoll for the theft, and Judge
Cabaniss ordered that Mrs. Green com
plete the costume, sell it to the highest
John T. Brennan, a fish and game
peddler, permitted his spirit of enter
prise to override his sense of discretion
when he sold "suckers" to an unsophis
ticated housewife by representing to
her that they were mountain trout. The
fraud was discovered, he was arrested'
and Judge Fritz gave him thirty days.
The prosecuting policeman hinted that
Mr. Brennan was also strongly suspect
ed of having palmed 'off sea gulls as
wild ducks.
Charles Rupert of 20 Sutter street,
Joseph Meyers of 105 O'Farrell street
and L. Allen of 101 Ellis street will be
tried before Judge Mogan next Friday
on the charge of poolselllng.
John Preston, a barber, created so
much confusion while he was at work
last Saturday evening in Mose Harris'
tonsorial parlor, 250 Eleventh street,
that he was arrested for disturbing the
peace. In jocular spirit, alleged to have
been of alcoholic inspiration, he shout
ed "Next!" and when response was
made by one of many waiting custom
era he laughed heartily at the ensuing
embarrassment, as no chair was emp
ty. It was also testified that he
"sassed" his employer and "joshed" the
helpless ones who fell Into his clutches.
When he expressed sorrow for what he
had done'and promised to abstain from
repeating his. unprofessional conduct
Judge Mogan dismissed him.
• • •
' Kate Atherton and May Harris be
came so mutually attached while in the
County Jail that they decided to.con
tinue the sisterly relationship when re
stored to freedom, and a few hours
after their release last Saturday they
were arrested together for drunkenness.
Kate, being the oldest offender, got six
months from Judge Fritz, while May's
punishment will expire at the end of
thirty days.
Mrs. E. C. Campbell of 119 Jones
street, whose 14-year-old daughter, Lo
rella, was shamefully treated by 20
year-old W. A. Proll of Oakland, was
averse to making formal complaint be
cause of the undesirable notoriety it
would bring upon the girl and herself.
Judge Mogan. however, considered the
case too serious to be thus disposed of,
and informed the woman that if she
did not prosecute the defendant .the po
lice would do so, as the evidence showed
that his betrayal of the child was un
usually reprehensible. On pretext of
taking her to the theater last Saturday
night he enticed her to Golden Gate
Park. Finally the mother consented to
swear to a complaint and the case will
be heard to-day. The girl's father is in
Alaska.
Mary Napoleon, accused of vagrancy
and sentenced to thirty days' impris
onment by Judge Fritz, confessed that
she had adopted the surname, not be
cause she was of French nativity or
even descent, but because it had a nicer
sound than either her maiden name of
Budd or her husband's cognomen, which
was Mack.
"For what's the use," she asked, "of a
girl having an ugly name when there
are so many nice ones to pick from?"
After four female adults had suc
cessively talked until Judge Cabaniss
silenced them, Miss Kate Robbins as
cended the witness stand and tempo
rarily dumfounded the court by an
nouncing that she had nothing to say.
When the Judge falterinsrly asked her
why she had nothing to say there
came no answer and there was won
der mingled with the admiration ex
pressed in his Honor's glance as he
told her she might step down.
Mrs. Kate Reardon, relict of a po
liceman and occupying the second
story of 522 Capp street, was accused
by Mrs. Hattie Hinkle, her downstairs
neighbor, of maligning character.
Miss E. Hlppenbacher also complain
ed of having been slandered by Mrs.
Reardon. Of all the ladies Miss Rob
bins was the only one afflicted with
reticence. The case was dismissed.
It is the wont of the French master
mariners In port to assemble for so
cial intercourse each Sunday after
noon aboard some vessel flying their
nation's flag.
Day before yesterday the Guetary,
moored . to the Filbert-street wharf,
was thus honored. With pipe and
glass and yarn and chanson the skip
pers were hugely enjoying themselves
when Gaston, the cook, suddenly
shocked the amenities by demanding
that each gentleman present hand
over to him the sum of 50 cents.
When the guests recovered sufficiently
from their astonishment to realize
that the custodian of the galley was
not joking they advanced upon him
as one man to wreak punishment for
his outrageous breach of the keystone
principle of seagoing social usage.
'Tvves then he drew his knife to de
fend himself. Captain Sawtrell. in the
vanguard, had a small slice of cuti
cle removed from his hand ere the
cook was disarmed and turned into
the custody of a harbor policeman.
Gaston pleaded that he failed to
see his offense in the light of enormity
cast upon it by the prosecution. "Zey
eat an' zey dreenk an' zey has ze dam
good time," he said, "while I do all ze
work. Sacre! Vy should not al-so
I has ze good time? I has not ze
monee an' I ask for ze feeftee cent.
Pouf! Zey try to keel me. I de-fend
mineself. Vy not? Eh;"
The question will be Judicially an
swered next Friday. . >
• * *
With tongue, hands and shoulders
simultaneously expressive of indigna
tion, three French shipmasters in turn
informed Police Judge Mogan that
the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon was not the most serious ac
cusation provoked by Gaston Sentiell,
cook aboard the bark Guetary. In
addition to brandishing a large and
sharp knife and slightly wounding
Captain Charles Sawtrell of the bark
Marguerite Dollf us, they averred, the
defendant had committed the less
pardonable offense of deliberately vio
lating that code of hospitality which is
cherished more than life, itself by
every true Gallic son of the sea. The
knife-flourishing — aye, even, the
blood-letting — might be overlooked,
but the attempt to extort money from
those who were invited guests of his
captain — there could be no condone
ment of that.
BY JAMES C CRAWFORD.
Thomas Maloney, a racetrack hab
itue, was trying to snatch forty winks
in Union Sauare when the drowsy god
was routed by C. D. Kelly, an ex
pounder of political economy, rehears
ing a speech which he intended to de
liver to an assemblage on Grant ave
nue. Mr- Maloney abandoned his bench
and smote Mr. Kelly's face with a
clenched fist. The assault was wit
nessed by a policeman, also of the name
of Maloney, who pressed the charge of
battery so firmly that Judge Fritz fined
the defendant $10.
* * •
Miss Alleene Hill, who accused To
rr.aso Felepedas, her recreant para
mour, of vagrancy, testified he was
kind to her while she was ill and un
able to pursue her vocation of an ac
tress in "continuous," but he seemed to
abhor manual toil, the only honest
means of money-getting for which he
was qualified, and had a weakness for
helping himself to the contents of her
pecketbook. With intent of weaning
him from that pilfering habit by reduc
ing its necessity she escorted him to
the Union Iron "Works and emotionally
pleaded that he be given employment,
but although her appeal visibly Im
pressed several foremen It failed to
bring desired result. Judge Mogan will
hear some more of Miss Hill's troubles
this morning.
Mamie Jackson, a waitress, informed
Judge Fritz that she was tired of sup
porting in idleness one David Robb.
who once was a waiter, and Judge Frit*
transferred Mr. Robb's maintenance
from the complainant to the county, in
whose prison he will spend the next six
months.
• • •
Judge Mogan sent four defendants to
the Superior Court, with ball in each
case fixed at $500. They are Mrs. Fran
ces Delphian Forsyth, who fatally shot
the Japanese proprietor of a Montgom
ery avenue shooting gallery; George
Farmer and J. H. Umbach, who stole a
quantity of clothing and jewelry from
J. H. Glocker at 2 Eighth street, and
James Mlchens (colored), who pilfered
a watch from a room in a Pacific street
lodging-house.
H. Katchkuri, a gigantic Japanese,
had three of his compatriots down and
out and was lulling a fourth -one to
sleep by battering his head against a
curbstone on Dupont street when a
policeman stopped the fray- An in
terpreter explained that the fight de
veloped from an oral dispute as to
whether Japan should sue for peace
while. Port Arthur is virtually within
her grasp, Katchkuri taking the affirm
ative. Judge Fritz fined the defend
ant $10.
Charles Moore, "William KIrby and
Frank Quarn, infantrymen, violated
sections 6 and 11 of the rules and regu
lations of the Strasburg dancehall by
mocking the floor manager and sprink
ling beer dregs upon the piano fighter.
Roundsmen Skaln and Holmes mag
nanimously refrained from charging
the defendants with resisting arrest,
but for belittling the dignity of the
caller-off and the instrumentalist Judge
Mogan fined the soldiers three $5 apiece.
bidder and hand over to Mrs. Paulson
whatever money might be received for
it over and above the cost of dress
making; which must not exceed $25.
sel announced her conclusion un
equivocally that Miss Dolbeer was of
unsound mind when she made her will
on April 23, 1904.
The cross-examination opened brisk
ly with the attempt of the proponents
to show that the witness tried to force
a bonus of $15,000 from the executors,
to be added to her bequest of $10,000.
George D. Gray, one of the executors,
and his attorney, W. F. Williamson,
were the persons she had approached,
and the examination proceeded as fol
lows :
Did you not on August 8, 1901, at 'the office
of George D.. Gray, 421 Market street, say in
the presence of Gray and W. F. Williamson
that you wanted $25,000, the amount Miss
Warren'* mother received, and If you didn't
get It you would help out the contestant?
I did hot say I would aid the contestant. I
demand to be exonerated by Mr. William
son. When 1 went to see Mr. Gray, whom I
regarded as a llfelone friend, about the mat
ter he asked If his attorney. Mr. Williamson,
might not be present. I acquiesced and when
Mr. Williamson arrived he remarked that what
we should talk about might be used some
time, but that he thought we could agree to
hold It confidential.
SCORES WILLIAMSON.
Mr. Williamson assured me that anything I
would say would be regarded as strictly con
fidential. And here to-day it appears that
Mr. Williamson has small honor with his
word.
I remarked that I certainly ought to have
had as much as Mrs. Warren, whom Miss
Dolb^cr barely knew. I begged and implored
Lee Toy Enjoys Liberty
and the Man in Prison
Hints at Double Crime
BEGS MONEY FROM MASTER'S GUESTS
HIS PARTNER AT LARGE
Violates a Cherished Usage
Chinese Bondsmen of For
mer Interpreter^ Surrender
Him for Safe Keeping
COOK OF FRENCH VESSEL
SHOCKS SKIPPERS.
DA SILVA FEARS
HE IS BETRAYED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1904.
Admits one Sought Bonus trom Proponents
Mrs. Phillips, Disappointed Beneficiary, Says
the Testatrix Was Mentally Unsound.
STIR IN DOLBEER WILL CASE
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Much' That Every Woman
Desires to Know
About Sanative Antisep-
tic Cleansing
And about the Care of the Skin 9
Scalp, Hair and Hands
Too mnch stress cannot be placed on
the great value of Catlcura Soap, Oint-
ment and Resolvent in the antiseptic
cleansing of the mucous surfaces, and
of the blood and circulating fioids, thus
affording pure, sweet and economical
local and constitutional treatment for
weakening nlcerationa, inflammations,
itchings, irritations, relaxations, dis-
placements, pains and Irregularities pe-
culiar to females. Hence the Catlcura
remedies hare a -wonderful Influence in
restoring health, strength and beauty
to weary women, who have been pre-
maturely aged and invalided by these
distressing ailments, as well as such
sympathetic afflictions as anaemia, chlo-
rosis,, hysteria and nervousness.
Women from the very first have fully
appreciated the purity and sweetness,
the power to afford immediate relief,
the certainty of speedy and permanent
cure, the absolute safety and great
economy which have made the Cutlcnra
remedies the standard humour remedies
of the civilized world.
Millions of women nse Cuticura Soap,
assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for pre-
serving, purifyinz and beautifying the
skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts,
scales and dandruff, and the stopping of
falling hair, f-jr softening, whitening
and soothing red, rough and sore hands,
for annoying irritations and ulceratlve
weaknesses, and for many sanative, an-
tiseptic purposes which readily suggest
themselves, as well as for all the pur-
poses of the toilet, bath and nursery.
Sold throughout th« world. Cntlenrm ReiolTtnt. 50c (la
form of Cboeotat* Coatwt Pil!», Ue per ml of >*)>. Oin:-
m»nt..v>c.. »««¦->. Z5o. Depot* i London. STtunsro'i',
Bq. . F«rl«. i ho* dm la I*aix i Ko.mn. 137 Coltusbtu
At« Patter Drar * Ch«ra. Corp.. Sola Proprietor*.
mr 8«nd tor- J. Book tor Womia."
I At, Cut. Prices
If you've never given me an order
for Kodak Developing and Printing.
Send me a trial order now. You'll be
pleased and •w'ill order again. Every-
body likes my work and my prices.
BEVELOPlHOi •
Roll of Six lOo
Roll of Twelve Jt5o
PRINTlurO I
Sollo finish 3c to 5c
Velox finish 3c to 6c
SATLIOET I.OADI2TQ FILMS — Tn
all popular sizes and popular prices.
ANSCO CAUSSAS — In all regular
sizes. &2.OO up.
CYKO PHOTO PAPEB — Prints by
artificial light. Gives perfect, detail.
Cameras repaired at moderate
prices.
Order by mall if you're out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MAKKET STREET. Ow. Fifth.
;• •' ' SAN FRANCISCO.
OUR CLAIMS
Upon your laundry patronage are
based upon the reliability of our work
and its pleasing finish.
If your taste is particular onrs is
the class of work to satisfy it, and
Phone South 420 will bring about the
desired results.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
V-V 1004 KABXET STSEET.
Telephone South 420.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT KKSTORATTVE, INVIGORA-
¦tor and X«rvlne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy lor Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Ae«nts.
32S Market St., S. T. — (Send for Circulars.)
/^~*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
EtTllrTf^ 1 " lss * for the treatment of I'rivnt*
ErLLrK TOM 1>i '"* a -'"'*- I^t Manhood. Dr-bll'.ty of
|SS555fc»'!ivfn!i» w»arin*on ho.ivand mind an4
Diseases. The Doctor rnrps when
° tliers fall. Try h:m. Cfciirt:..* low.
SsffiBHIrarrtirnarantrril. Call or writ*,
Dr. J. F. UIBBOX. Kan Fr:ir-?isco. CaL
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and. Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rBZSB AITD SALT MSAT3.
JA^ hftYFS * CO Shl PP Jn * butchers. tOS
JA*» UUIEJ tt Wl/. Clay. Tel Mala l^t.
LEAST EOOPS AITD SSTLI3HTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
117C-1178 Mission st. Phone Main M61.
OXX.S.
LUBRICATDJO OILS; LEONARD * 1^1X13,
418 Front St.. S. F. Phon» Main 1718.
E.C HUGHES, .uBa F a SS^ B L^
AD\'ERTISE31ENTS.
GHIRARDELUA5
Dainty little choco.- Jr H >||||k
lates for dainty little ff j \ y^M
At Confectioners' i^^^^^^^^^S^
¦
ADVERTISEMENTS. J ,
,, ..^
FF?tdM
M MXi Z3mm
MOSS
COUCH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BT.THE BEST
PHYSICIANS FOR
Cousrh*. Colds. SCoarieneas. Bron-
chitis. Croup In Children, and
All Throat and £unr Troubles
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
doctor says "COIfSTIMPTlOH."
06c; 80O AT AJUZ, DBXTQOI3T8
CURES IN A DAY
Stow ¦! • j