DELEGATES OF LABOR FEDERATION
Accompanying the Officers of the Executive Council
Attend Twenty-Fourth Annual Convention
Continued on Page ; 2, Column . 1.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 13. — The
death is announced of the Vicar Ca
tholus Ahtemur, together with ht3
secretary near Van. It la presumed
they were assassinated.
ALEPPO. Asiatic Turkey. Nov. 13.
Advices have been received here
that Eckhardt. the German Consular
agent at Ufra. has been severely beat
en by Turkish soldiers.
WASHINGTON. Now 13.— Major
Leonard Hay, U. S. A., retired, brother
of Secretary of State John Hay. died
last night at the Hay homestead\ in
Warsaw, 111., in his seventieth year.
The late Major, Hay was . the head of
the family In this country. Secretary
Hay will leave to-morrow to attend
the funeral.
Secretary Hay's Brother Dead.
MAY HAVE BEEN' KTTiT.FI>
BY 3IURDEROUS TURKS
WI3U2S DOWN IN BALTIMORE.
The main questions that will come
•np, according, to the president, are the
oft-repeated discussions of trade juris
diction and affiliation of labor bodies.
In • the opinion of President Gompers
the time. is not yet ripe for the gather-
Ing of. foreign labor bodies into an in
ternational federation, with the possi
ble .exception of a combination of the
longshoremen of the world. • :>
President Gompers left Washington
last Sunday and stepped over in Indi
anapolis .and Chicago for conferences
with- labor leaders. On the long jour
ney i to * the ' coast' the executive . council
"met./daily. on the train, the sessions
oftenlasting all'day. During this time
the secretary, and treasurer formulated
their; reports to - the convention, as did
also ; Mr/" Gompers. These reports will
be" presented at the session to-day.
believe that this federation will be
'committed to any political party,
whatever its name, whatever its claim
or whatever its pretense. The only
saf e ; course for . organized labor to
adopt Is one of absolute non-committal
to 'any political party. There may be
five or six delegates with socialistic
leanings, but any resolution looking to
ward the adoption of socialistic tenets
will, : I am sure, meet with the disap
proval ! of an overwhelming majority."
LONG CREEK. Ore.. Nov. 13. — The
first suspect of the organized gang of
stock thieves which has operated In
Northern Grant County for several
years has been found, and a dozen
armed men have surrounded the camp
in which the other members of the
band are believed to have hidden.
"Jim" Male Is the man arrested by
Deputy Sheriff Coffey. The posse came
upon him while he was sleeping in a
cabin in the mountains several miles
from here. The deputy and his posse
feel confident that once the gang: in
the mountain camp is captured, cattle
rustling In this part of Eastern Ore
gon will come to an end.
Suspected Cattle Thief In Custody in
Oregon.
POSSE 3LXKES CAPTURE.
With her companions deceased had
been in the country to a dance. She
resided with her mother and a sister
and brother on TVeber avenue and was
quite well known. Miss • Hudlcks was
about 20 years of age and was of at
tractive appearance. The remains
were taken to the morgue and, the
Coroner will hold an Inquest.
The machine, which was a small one.
was speeding along Main street about
4 o'clock this morning. Miss Hudick
and Gillis were on the box with their
backs to the other couple. In some
unaccountable manner the skirts of the
dead girl were caught In the wheel.
She was jerked out and thrown with
great force against an iron hitching
post. In trying to hold her. Gillis was
thrown 'and slightly injured.
The machine was stopped as soon, as
Gist • heard the - cry and the you'ne
woman. was carried to a nearby restau
rant. She expired as she was laid uoon
the floor. I Her skull was . crushed . and
her clothing had been nearly all^torn
from her body. .
STOCKTON, Nov. 13.— Miss Anna
Hudlck was thrown from an automobile
on Main street at an early hour this
morning and almost Instantly killed.
The unfortunate young: woman was one
of four in the auto, the others being
Tony Glllls, Sabe Gist and Mrs.
Kluetch, a widowed sister of the de
ceased. ...» "*
£p«ci&l Dispatch to Ttas Call.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 13.— General
Lew "Wallace' Is starving to death and
has only, three weeks longer to live, ac
cording to his own words In an inter
view with a Minnesota editor and busi
ness man: The famous author of "Ben
Hur". declares his stomach is afflicted
with* a strange malady and he cannot
assimilate .his food. His, doctors have
fixed the limit he puts on his life.
LIMIT SET
ON LIFE OF
WALLACE
AUTO RIDE
ENDS WITH
A FATALITY
SALT LAKE CITY. Nov. 13.— One
outlaw i3 dead and another is in jail
mortally wounded as the result of a
battle between cattle thieves and offi
cers near Deeth. Nev.. to-day. ,
Sheriff Clark -and a deputy of Elko
caught Jim McKelvey and Charier?
Winslow in the act of skinning a steer of
the Graham brand. When called upon
to surrender they dropped behind the
carcass of the animal and began firing
at the officers. The latter sought shel
ter and for twenty minutes the firing
continued.
Finally McKelvey sprang to his feet
and fired. The shot was returned and
McKelvey fell dead. A few minutes
later "Winslow surrendered and was
found to be mortally wounded. He was
placed In jail at Elko.
Elko County has been troubled with
cattle thieves for some time, and the
officers have been on the lookout for
them. McKelvey was well known
throughout the county.
In regard to the withdrawal of the
charter <rom the Chicago Federation of
Labor/thus depriving it of affiliation
with the American Federation, , Presi
dent Gompers said that such action
had been taken . before the council left
Chicago.' As' to the seating of Delegate
William G. Schardt of 'the Chicago
body, Mr. Gompers said that . the com
mittee on credentials would report on
the case.' .
Speaking* of socialism, , Mr. Gompers
said : ."I cannot give expression to : my
official' views, but! personally I do not
Although declining to discuss the* ru
mored change of officers. President
Gompers, when interviewed • yesterday
afternoon, said that he could not fore
tell the action' or business of the con
vention because it would all : be "intro
duced by separate resolutions at no set
time. -The sessions will be open to the
public and, the resolutions ¦• introduced
will be taken' up and threshed out on
the floor of the convention hall. ,"
In the party that accompanied the
president of the federation were the
other members of the executive coun
cil: Frank Morrison, secretary;' John
B. Lennon, treasurer; vice presidents
—James Duncan, John Mitchell, James
O'Connell, Max Morris, Thomas I.
Kidd, Denis A. Hayes, Daniel J. Keefe
and William J. Spencer.
Little of federation politics was dis
cussed- last night at the headquarters
and the, leaders refused to predict any
definite convention action. There is an
anti-Gompers sentiment in evidence,
however, among. several of the dele
gates and the rumor was around that
Gompers may be retired from the'pres-
Jdency and that James Duncan of New
York elected to succeed him.
Another rumor is that Gompers is to
be appointed United States Labor
Commissioner to succeed Carroll . D.
Wright. President Gompers declined
to make any predictions, regarding the
work of 1 the? convention, as did , also
Vice President Duncan, his possible
successor. Duncan*has been mentioned
as a candidate for several years, but he
has never made the race, and this fact,
the Gompers champions declare, is re
sponsible for the mention of Duncan's
name.' •
Kean, Its secretary, and J, E. McDou
gald, treasurer. This escort accompa
nied the party acros3 the bay to this
side, where the larger delegation form
ing the committee of arrangements es
corted them to their- headquarters at
the Russ House and the Lick.
HONORED HEAD OF. AMERICAN FEDERATION, WHO WILIi PRESIDE OVER CONVENTION.
SHERIFF'S
SHOOTING
IS DEADLY
Continucd on Page 2, Column 5.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 13. — A snow,
wind and rain storm which developed
here early this morning'and continued
through the day and night. caused an
almost complete wreckage of the elec
tric light, telegraph, telephone and
trolley service. A number, of acci-
Wind, Rain and Snow Almost Isolate
the City.
A careful watch has been maintained
in the hope of rescuing any sailors that
might be swept ashore. According to
Carson it would mean certain death
for the men to attempt to reach the
shore in a small boat.
At 9 o'clock to-night it -was feared
that all on board had perished. The
seas were breaking over the craft and
it was not believed that she would bold
together until daylight. She struck in
a particularly exposed position, and no
vessel could be expected to stand th»
terrible pounding on the jagged rocks
to which she was subjected.
The nearest life-saving station on the
north side of Vineyard Sound is at
Cuttyhunk, twenty miles from Tar
paulin Cove. On the south side of the
sound there is a life-saving station at
Gayh^ad. but that is too far away to
have been of any service in to-day's
disaster. Keeper Carson had no boat
that could be launched, and, besides,
the seas were so high that nothing 1 but
a surf boat could escape almost instant
destruction. No lights were shown
from the schooner after she struck and
no answer was given to the frequent
hailings of Carson and Robinson.
WOODS HOLE, N. S., Nov. 13.— The
two-masted schooner Earcularius, Cap
tain Nason, of Rockland. Maine, went
ashore in a severe northeast gale short
ly before dark to-night, about three
quarters of a mile west of Tarpaulin
Cove, on the Island of Naushen. At
sunset the seas were breaking over the
craft. No trace of the crew has been
found. The vessel is in a particularly
exposed condition and the "chance" 6t
her being saved Is slight. •
Keeper Carson of the Tarpaulin Cove
lighthouse and a man named Robert
eon, one o-f the keepers of the Forbes
estate, saw the schooner when " she
struck. It was Just before dark- and a
terrific gale was blowing. The schooner
was coming through Vineyard Sound
from the eastward and was proceeding
under her foresail, the gale being too
fierce to permit more canvas being car
ried. The schooner tacked and tried to
work into the cove for anchorage, but
the wind bore her off, and as^ she
swung away she struck with a crash
upon a ledge of rock not more than 100
yards from the lighthouse.
Carson and Robinson were unable to
render any assistance to the men on
board. The crew numbered four men
and all were plainly seen when the ves
sel struck, but darkness set in almost
immediately and nothing more was
seen of them.
Schooner. Goes Ashore and There Is
So Trace of Hit Sailors.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— New York is
entirely cut off from the South and
West to-nifht bv a fierce hurricane,
accompanied by rain and snow, which
is sweeping the Atlantic Coast. Start-
Ing from Florida last r.ight. the storm
of -wind and rain has come up the coast
with almost cyclonic speed.
Rain began falling in New York at
5 a. m., and early in the morning
changed to wet enow. The wind, which
had been blowing moderately, veered
to the southeast, and shortly assumed
hurricane proportions. At 6 o'clock to
night the local Weather Bureau noted
a velocity of forty-two miles an hour,
"which increased to forty-eight at 8:30
o'clock. That ppeed kept up for several
hours. At 10 o'clock the storm center
WM at Block Island, where the baro
r.if\cr shewed a pressure of 28.62 inches
vitli the wind blowing serenty-six
miles an hour. At Nantucket the
barometer was a trifle hishtr. and the
wind sixty miles.
Wire service out of New York is tied
up more effectively to-night than at
try other time since thp blizzard of
X&8S. The Western Union and tele
graph companies have no direct com
munication tvjth cities farther south
than Baltimore, and all Western points
as* cut off. The Postal has been ca
bling tome of its most urgent mes
sages to Canso, N. S.. from which point
they are wired to Montreal and thence
forwarded to Chicago over the Cana
dian Pacific wires.
ICE BREAKS THE WIRES.
Late in the afternoon it was reported
that over one hundred poles along the
Ene Railway had ko«* down, putting
thr I New Ynrk-Biift'alo-Chicaeo wires
fr>y that route completely out of service,
liecourse for a nhort time was taken to
vires via Albany and Syracuse, but a
few hour!* afterward the pressure of
ice en the wires carried them. Doles
and all, to the ground outside of
Poughkeepsie, thereby effectively clos
ins th« sfrvice. The Western Union
Mas able to keep open the way to Bal
timore. Philadelphia and most places
in New Jersey, but business for other
points. cave New England, was only
accepted subject to delay.
Communication between New York
and Boston ovpr all lines vas uninter
rupted. The telegraph officials are un
eh!e to ctate the damage until they
can communicate with the territories
effected. Every effort is being made
to-night to make repairs so that busi
ness will be open to-morrow. Special
trains were engaged on most of the
roads running out of Jersey City and
Boboken and dispatched lat«» this aft
ernoon laden with wire-repairing gangs.
REPAIRS WILL BE SLOW.
Owing to the completeness of the tie-
Tip the men do not anticipate much
progress on repairs until daylight en
ables them to examine thoroughly the
extent of the damage. The long-dis
tance telephone company has also been
badly handicapped in its service.
The Weather Bureau yesterday sent
out warnings advising sea captains to
remain in port over Sunday.
Some damage was done in and around
New York. Te-night the ferryboat
Port Morris, running between College
Point and Ninety-sixth 6treet, went
athcre on a rocky ledge in Bowery
Bay. There were ten passengers and
the crew aboard. Owing to the heavy
Eea it is impossible to eend wrecking
boats to her, but a police boat has gone
to the rescue.
Owing to the fierce downpour the
streets of New York were practically
deserted to-day. The high wind
played havoc with the street signs,
¦which fell in showers. Many windows
were broken and a few passers-by
were cut by the signs and flying glass.
DAMAGE IN* THE HARBOR.
The full force of the gale was felt
in the harbor. Several boats, anchored
off Staten Island dragged their
anchors. Late in the evening a freight
barge, apparently unloaded, was
blown ashore during the height of the
gcle in Sandy Hook Bay. The vessel
lies in a very bad position, with every
isea sweeping: her decks. The life
eavers are standing: by, bat are unable
to board the wreck. The fate of the
crew is unknown. .
Owing: to the high eeas in the upper
•
CREW PROBABLY LOST.
! harbor the ferry boats to Staten Is
land were rompelled to tie up. The
battleships Maine ar.d Missouri, which
ere lying ic i'v ioidxtead off Tomkins
ville. are ' ¦ .¦¦: •¦.oil. but have full
steam up ai,<i C j-t-.h- anchors out.
At Bellevue iii...-;>ita! the storm was
felt- -severely. One of- the large elms
standir*g on the. campus was blown
down and half a dozen men narrowly
escaped being crushed. Later on a
tent occupied by eighteen tuberculosis
patients was wrecked by the wind and
the suffering people were exposed to
the elements. They were removed ,to
the hospital as soon as possible, al
though most of them were drenched
to the skin.
At midnight the 'oral weather bu
reau said 1.48 inches of rain and melt
ed snow had fallen. It was predicted
that the storm would be 'centered off
the provinces 'to-morrow, thence pass-,
ing out to sea. •
"Now, so far as , the overcoat is con
cerned this incident has no connection
with the coon hunt. After the lire and
the discovery of the tragedy Adolph
came to me and stayed at. my home all
night. Other friends were there with
me.' He was composed. In the morning
I loaned him my overcoat. There was
no pistol in my. overcoat, and this pistol
story has no connection with the coat.
"When this. horrible catastrophe hap
pened Adolph seemed to have no one
to turn to, and simply out of. old time
friendship I offered him a place in my
home, for the night. I- think he is en
tirely guiltless of this awful , char ee
that he is, now accused of. I shall
6tand by him. bo long as I feel sure- he
It Is reported that Adolph made a
statement to-day to the effect that rob
bery was the motive for the murder of
his family. He could not imagine any
other motive, it Is said he remarked.
Adrian Wills, whose name figured
conspicuously at the inquest last night
in connection with the coon hunt, the
overcoat and the pistol, said to-day:
"I am placed before the public in a
very unenviable position. Adolph and I
were friends In early boyhood, but
about four years ago we drifted apart.
He suddenly became inclined to follow
solitary mirsuits and gave up his time
to reading and a study of the occult.
He read all kinds of books, both good
and bad. He only -read the bad books
to make him understand and appreciate
the good in the good books. In fact, we
had entirely drifted apart until the coon
hunt. Then one of the boys invited
Adolph to go on the hunt. Adolph came.
Previously to this time Adolph had
been apparently full of vigor and life
and was inclined .to athletic sports.. He
had been a baseball player,. and a good
one. On the coon hunt he suddenly de
veloped signs of weakness, and gave
out before the hunt was half finished
and returned home.
talks' of coo.v hunt,.
. To-morrow at 9 a. m. Attorney Tabor
will appear before Judge E.*O. Smith
and demand an immediate hearing for
his client. How soon this hearing will
be held rests with District Attorney
Robinson.
His attorney, Ben Tabor, assisted by
S. J. Pullen, made an attempt this
morning to get him released on a writ
of habeas corpus, as they had ascer
tained that the original complaint was
not legal. The Sheriff was quickly on
the s^ot and filed an amended com
plaint charging young Adolph Weber
with the murder of his father. Other
complaints were also drawn up charg
ing him with the murder of his
mother, sister and brother. . ' V-~ ; v
COMPLAINTS AMENDED.
Young Adolph still maintains a
stolhi indifference to everybody and
everything. When he was informed
by Jailer Fulton this morning that
the remains of his father, mother, sis
ter and brother had been sent to San
Francisco he said nothing, and when
asked if he did not want to go to the
funeral in San Francisco he turned
away and made no reply. Suddenly
he looked up and asked the jailer to
send him the San Francisco papers as
soon as they arrived. When the pa
pers came he read them all carefully
and thoroughly and commented upon
the different statements. He was satis
fled with some of the statements and
greatly pleased with many of the
others.
AUBURN, Nov. 13. — The sole topic
of conversation here to-day was the
Weber tragedy. In .every hotel and
place of public meeting the one ques
tion has been: Who committed the
deed and what was the motive? Be
ing Sunday, many, people from the
surrounding country came into town
and nearly all of" them went up to the
hill to view the ruins of the once
beautiful home jofithe Weber family.
At 7 o'clock this morning: the re
mains of the four victims of the awful
tragedy were placed, on the -.train and
taken to San Francisco. A large num
ber of sorrowing friends gathered at
the station to pay mute respect to
those ,who had been so suddenly cast
into eternity. The son, Adolph, was
not there. When the train slowly
pulled out of the station every, man
stood uncovered and every woman
bowed her head. They were all bid
ding a sad farewell to friends they
loved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Asks for San ' Francisco Papers and
Snows Pleasure Over Stories of
, Awful Tragedy.
In San Francisco yes
terday a warm sun shone
from early morning until
late in the afternoon.
Thousands crowded the
seashore or gathered un
der the trees and on the
grassy slopes of the Park.
The mercury recorded
70 degrees. It was in
truth but a typical Fall
day in California.
Reports from the East
tell of a fierce storm
which yesterday raged
along the Atlantic
board. From New York
to the southern States
snow and rairi were driven
before an icy wind that
in places, amounted to a
gale. Intense cold pre
vailed in all the large
cities.
SUNSHINE HERE.
Shows No Sip of Grief
WUeo Told of Funeral
of Relatives.
EAST HAS SNOW.
Adolpti Weber Main
tains His Air of
Indifference.
Upon the arrival of the special train
that brought the delegations from Chi
cago, the visitors ..were met at Port
Costa by a committee 'consisting of O.
A. Tveitmoe, chairman . of the local
committee of arrangements; John
Samuel Gompers, president 'of the
American Federation . or !Labor, to
gether with ten other members . of the
executive council of the federation, ar-.
rived yesterday, afternoon in San Fran
cisco and were escorted to their quar
ters at the Russ House. Accompany
ing the labor leader and his fellow offi
cers were 110 delegates to '.the twenty
fourth annual convention that will hold
a two weeks' session here, beginning
to-day. .~ ..
President Gompers Discusses Progress of Labor Movement
STOLIDLY
FACES HIS
ACCUSERS
DELIBERATE SESSIONS TO BEGIN THIS
MORNING AND WILL OCCUPY TWO WEEKS
EASY SWEPT BY
BIG STORM.
HURRICANE CUTS OFF CITY
WIND AND SNOW PLAY
HAVOC IN NEW YORK
TQRESIDENT SAMUEL GOMPERS, ten officers of the Executive Council and one hundred and ten delegates to the American
¦If Federation of Labor arrived in San Francisco yesterday. To-day they will begin a two weeks' session, during which questions of
vital importance to the labor, movement will be decided.
A_CAZARr-"Th« Climben."
CALIFORNIA— "A Friend of _:• Fam
ily."
CENTRAL — "Winchester." '
COLUMBIA — "Th« County Chairman."
CHUTES — Vaudeville.
FISCHER* S— Vandevl He.
GRANI>— "The Fatal XTeOOlag."
MAJESTIC— "Hearts Aflanjs."
ORPHECM— Vaudevtlle.
TIVOLJ— "The Mes»en*«r Boy."
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 167.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.
THE WEATHER. *-_ — ,„„
FtorecMt made «.t Ban Francisco for
thirty hours ending tnldnlrnt. Novem
ber 14:'
E»n rrandsco and vicinity — Partly
clou<!y Monday: freeh »©uth— *«t wind.
O. H. WIULSON.
Local Poreearter, TMnporarlly In
Chars*.
The San Francisco Call.Card Systems and Cabinets.
; $2 buys a v card index t drawer, ,600 rec
ord cards and 26 guide cards. Loose-leaf
ledgers, price books -and good : printing.
San born, vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
WILL. GIVE A CONCERT.— The First Cali
fornia Regiment band will give a concert Fri
day eveninr in: the auditorium of , the. Young
Men's : Christian Association, . Mason and Ellis
streets. A - delightful . programme I has been
at ranged and the public is Invited to attend. '
BENEFIT BAX.L. IS A SUCCESS.— Ths
third grand ball given by' tbe San Francisco
Hebrew Relict Society at Teutonia Hall last
night proved a suooess both socially and finan
cially. The hall was filled with people who
enjoyed themselves in dancing. The . money
realized from tbe affair will be used (or char
ity.
Vessel of the Vladivostok Squadron
Reported to Be Disabled.
TOKIO, Nov. 14. — It is reported
that the Russian armored cruiser
Gromoboi struck a rock and was se
verely damaged at Vladivostok. It is
understood that the accident occurred
during, a trial of the Gromoboi after
repairs on her had been completed.
It is said that she returned to her
berth in a' sinking condition, sur
rounded by a fleet of smaller craft,
which kept her afloat, and that she
was re.docked. If the report; is true
it assures the continuance of ' the in
activitv of the" Vladivostok sauadron.
CRUISER STRIKES A ROCK.
BERKELEY, Nor. 18. — Coach Hop
per of the varsity football squad, an
nounced to-day that ha is to go to
Manila for the McClure Publishing
Company next week. His work as a
coach for the gridiron giants is at an
end and he Is now to resume his
literary work. He plans to obtain ma
terial in Manila for a series of Philip
pine stories which will be published
nxet year by McClure. »
Accompanying Hopper will be E.
Mini, a former football star at the uni
versity, who has been acting as assist
ant coach with Hopper this / year.
Mini is to enter the Government ser
vice in the islands as a member of the
constabulary. •
COACH HOPPER TO MAKE X ;
TRIP TO PBUjDPPIXES
Slav Defenders of Vlucbinin Repulse
Japanese.
MUKDEN, Nov. 13.— The Japanese,
on the^night of November 11, attacked
the village of Vluchinin simultaneously
on three sides, but were driven off with
little loss, Saturday passed quietly.
There was occasional artillery fire
along the line, especially on the forts.
The forced issue of paper rubles has
not lowered the purchasing power of
Russian money. The Japanese are pay
ing for supplies with vouchers, which
the natives receive with suspicion/
There have been some disturbances at
Ylnkow among the Chinese, who pre
fer Russian money, and who have sent
a protest to Peking both on this ac
count and because of Japanese inter
ference with the working oX the-rail
way. ¦
ATTACK UPON VTULjACOEL
VIRGINIA, Mlrnx., Hot. IX— A terrific
explosion, occurred In tho rear of tha
residence of Mayor B*ay early to-day,
and the handsome building Is a mass of
ruins.
Fortunately no one was injured, but
it would seem that dynamite was
placed at the rear *nd of the house
with the Intention of killing- the Mayor,
as well as wrecking his dwelling. . .;>
For some time past the Mayor ha*
been waging a vigorous warfare upon
the violators of the saloon law, and
many threats have been made against
him. There Is no clew to the perpe
trator of the crime. . ¦
Enemies of the Executive
of a Minnesota. Town
Blow Up H3fl Residence
HOME OF MAYOR
IS DYNAMITED
for Interment.
Bodies of Wcbcrs Brought to This City
The bodies of Julius Weber, his
wife, daughter and son arrived in San
Francisco yesterday in charge of
Charles Mayer of Sonora. a brother of
Mrs. Weber, and Mrs. W. P. Scott of
Soulsbyville and Mrs. Charles Hess of
fconora. her sisters. Mrs. H. C. Snow
den, another Bister, was prevented
from joining- the sad party by prostra
tion due to the terrible tragedy.
The remains were taken to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, where many friends
of the Weber family Joined the cor
t«g* and attended the services at the
chap«l.
There were three casketa. the re
mains of Mrs. Weber and her boy be
ing in one of them. E. B. McPherson
conducted the simple service in a most
Impressive manner, after which the
c&ekets were reverently placed in the
receiving vault. The beautiful hymn
"Nearer. My God, to Thee," added to
the solemnity of the occaslon.
Th« floral offerings were numerous
One, a pillow of white, being sent by
the girl schoolmates of Bertha Weber
Charles Mayer later chose the spot
•where the bodies will be buried and
to-day the interment will take place in
the presence of the immediate mem
bers of the family.
SERVICES OVER REMAINS
time to have done that was in 1904. That op
portunity will not return. He himself has set
the example of submitting to what was wrong
becauso, although it was wrong. It was reg
ular.
In short, the Democratic party has this
hopeless situation: The Bryanltes cannot drive
out th- plutocratic element; the plutocratic
element cannot drive out Mr. Bryan. They
exhaust their strength with internal strug
gles, leaving the party where its enemies
can always defeat It at the polls. There Is
this further weakness in the programme of
Mr. Bryan: Tha plutocratic element has
shown that it can safely defy him and com
bat him; although ha Is the nominee, whereas
Aa submits to them whan toey put up a plu
tocratic nominee. From a party so hopelessly
divided it is the rankest foUy, In my opin
ion, to exoeot any reforms. From year to
year It is & dreary go round and round of one
faction fighting another faction, each of which
alternately whips the other and neither of
which ever whips the enemy.
I should only be too glad to co-operate in
parallel lines and honorable terms with any
Jeffersonian Democrat Ilka Mr. Bryan or Mr.
Hearst or George Fred Williams to accompllsH
a purpoeeiwhich is common to us ail. but I
believe that the best way to assure, the final
sucoosa of the reform movement is for us to
build up a party of Jeffersoolan Democracy
on solid foundations, where unity of senti
ment roes hand in hand with unity of pur
pose and where, therefore, some hope, of ao
compllPhlng that which we wish to accom
plish can be reasonably entertained.
In the South there are peculiar reasons why
the present policy of the Democratic leaders
should be defeated and a better Una of policy
adopted. For the last \rtrenty-nve or thirty
years tha Democratic machine politicians have
made that great section a mare tool in tha
hands of Wail street and a handful of East
ern Democrats who hava no purpose- In com
mon with us and who usa the electoral vote
of tha Solid South for their own selfish pur
poses. In this manner our Southern country,
which is an empire in itself, has been made
a province for a few great financial magnates,
who exploit it for their private gain without
the slightest reference to tha welfare of tha
Southern people. The situation is pitiable,
Tha degradation of it finds expression In the
phrase : "The Solid South would vote for a
yellow dog on tha Democratic ticket."
DEPLORES SOOTH'S SERVITUDE.
As a Southern man I am ashamed of such a
state of affairs, and resent It profoundly. If I
can do anything* toward aocomplishlng the po
litical Independence of my own people from
this slavish servitude to a handful of Wall
street politicians I consider It a duty to do so.
If the People's party had no other mission
than to relax the grasp. which the great rail
way corpora tjpn» have upon the commercial
throat of the Southern States, a grasp which
Is maintained by the alliance between Demo
cratic- bosses and Wall street financial kings,
then It would have a sufficient mission to war
rant its continued existence. My own State, of
Georgia is as completely under the thumb of
Morgan • and Belmont. one of whom controls
the Southern Railway combine, the other of
whjjm controls the Louisville and Nashville
combine, as the State of Pennsylvania is under
the control of the Pennsylvania Railroad or
the State of Wisconsin is under the control of
those corporations which La Follette has won
national fame in , combating. The situation
is simply appalling- and would not be believed
by anybody who was not conversant with the
facts.
I expect to return home and open a cam
paign on the lines of Jefferson Ian Democracy,
to take our State government out of the con
trol of ' Morgan and Belmont and to put ¦ It
Into tha control of . the Georgia people, where
It belongs. In , nearly every Southern State
there la a similar contest to be waged against
corporation tyranny. v * . '
Baltic Fleet's Morementa.
ROME, Nov. 13. — At the Russian em
bassy here the belief is expressed' that
the Russian second Pacific squadron
will go from Suez direct to Jlbutil,
as Massowa and Assab, the ports of
Erythea, lack provisions, coal and
dockyards; but if necessary, for ur
gent reasons, there is nothing to pre
vent them from landing there If they
respect Italian neutrality laws.
Quarrel lias Fatal End.
ROANKE, Va_. NOv. 13. — Dr. Fred
erick Lefew. a well-known physician
of .this city, died here to-day, the re
sult of a knife wound in the breast
received two weeks ago at the hands
of Charles R. Flshburne. a young
banker and broker, during a quarrel.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 13.— M. F. Coch
rane, editor of the Weekly Independent
of this city, and who Is well known in
Democratic politics throughout the
State, was almost the cause of a
tragedy to-day at Point Reyes station.
But for the steel in the corset of a
young girl, a bullet from a rifle in the
hands of the editor would have pierced
her heart.
While returning from a huntinsr triD
near Inverness, Cochrane. in order to
reach San Rafael by rail drove to Point
Reyes station to catch the south bound
train. He arrived ahead of time and
sauntered around the station to kill
time.
While conversing with the telegraph
operator he spied a rfle in the corner
of the station and picked It up to
examine It. The gun proved to be a
new automatic one of small caliber.
Suddenly the weapon was discharged.
The bullet went through the station
house window and, struck a younsr it'lrl
who was conversing with a friend out
side, in the body. Luckily the bullet
was small and struck a steel In the
young girl's corset, otherwise a fatal
wound might have been Inflicted.
The young woman was somewhat
frightened, but when she learned the
course the bullet had taken, smiled
and thought herself a lucky girl.
CADETS WILL GIVE MILITARY PLAY.—
Tha League of tha Cross Cadets are rehears
ing for a production of . "Sbenandoah," th»
popular military drama, to b« given Saturday
cvenlnz at the Alhambra, Theater. The most
Interesting feature will be the battlefield scene
In which 300 cadets will appear. The proceeds
will go toward the gymnasium fund of the
cadets.
Nearly 10 per cent of children learn
to walk before they are 10 months old.
A dispatch from Tokio, October 31,
said that In the preliminary estimates
of the budget, covering January, Feb
ruary and March, 1905, and the fiscal
year commencing In April, the wax
expenses were estimated at $385,000,000
and ordinary expenses at $60,000,000. It
was proposed to provide for the war
expenses by increasing the taxation by
$45,000,000. by retrenching from the ad
vance expenses and the suspension of
public works to the amount of $35,000,
000 and to raise the balance by loans.
if not guilty, but the moment I think
he is guilty of this horrible charere I
thall use all my endeavors to bring him
to justice."
K. C. Snowden, the uncle of Adoloh.
has little to say. Mrs. Snowden is a
sister of the murdered woman. Mrs.
Weber. They live next door to the
Weber house. Mrs. Snowden and
Adolph have not been on good terms'
for a long time. Mrs. Snowden is a
woman of refinement and sense, and
could not put up with the idiosyncra
sies of her nephew. Both Mrs. Snow
den and her husband will probably
have a great deal to say when they are
called to the witness stand. They have
l>een, close friends of the Weber family
and their testimony will undoubtedly
have a heavy bearing on the case.
All day long the ruins of the Weber
home have been surrounded by a crowd
of people, some drawn out of curiosity
and others to watch the developments
of the men Mho are engaged in search
ing what is left of the ruins. The
debris is being run through sluice
boxes with the hopes that the pistol
that caused the death of the Webers
will be found. So far the gold watch
of Mrs. Weber, in a partially melted
ptate, and Fix silver half dollars slieht
ly burned, have been recovered. Work
will be resumed in the moraine and
kept up until the entire ruins have
been sluiced.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
STOLIDLY FACES HIS ACCUSERS,
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.; — Encouraged
by the large vote polled In the recent
election the Socialist party has deter
mined to spread its propaganda and
to seek recruits from the ranks of the
Republican and Democratic parties.
As soon as the spellbinders have re
cuperated they will again be pressed
into service in a campaign for con
verts, which is to be waged continu
ously.
In order to raise sufficient funds to
carry on the campaign of education
those who voted the ticket this year
and also' new converts will be asked
to pay 10 cents a month in dues.
When the campaign of 1908 opens the
party leaders hope to have $1,000,000
with which to make the fight.
With the big fund hoped for. the
Socialists say, they will not be ham
pered by poverty in the next .Presi
dential campaign and will far exceed
the record vote of last election day.
Million Dollars Will Be
Eaised by Assessing the
Men Who Voted for Debs
Steel in the Garment Stops
Progress of Ball From Gun
Accidentally Discharged
MARIETTA, Ohio, Nov. 13.— The
body of Thomas Ewart, a prominent
lawyer of this county and well known
in Masonic circles throughout Ohio,
was found hanging from the baluster
of the stairs of the reception hall of
his home here to-day when his family
returned from church. Ewart was 69
years of age and a graduate of Mari
etta College. Poor health is supposed
To have been the cause of his suicide.
LAWYER HANGS HIMSELF
BECAUSE OF POOR HEALTH
CAMPAIGN FUND
FOR SOCIALISTS
CORSET SAVES
LIFE OF GIRL
Congressman Landis Unable to Open
His Lips as a Resnlt of Strenu
ous XSectionecrins.
LOGANSPORT. Ind.. Nov. 13. —
Congressman Frederick Landis. who
has just been re-elected by an over
whelming majority, has .developed
symptoms of lockjaw. He made a
vigorous campaign for weeks before
the election, delivering sixty speeches
in less than a month, many in open
air. As a result rheumatism of the
throat muscles has set in and he can
not open his lips.
LOCKJAW RESULTS FROM
CAMPAIGN SPEAKINO
Broad and Liberal Movement Gains
Momentum Daily.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 13.— Russia
is facing a great internal crisis, which
in the minds of intelligent Russians
overshadows in importance all ques
tions relating to foreign politics. A new
broad and liberal movement seems not
only under way, but is gaining mo
mentum dally, and the best feature of
it is that it is entirely divorced from
any radical revolutionary propaganda.
Prince Sviatopolk Mirsky, the Minister
of the Interior, has given the movement
impetus, but has done so against the
most powerful influences, and behind
the scenes a bitter struggle is waging
for imperial support. During the com
ing week the first test of strength is
likery to occur, the result of which may
mean much for the history of Russia-
The policy of reaction, which had
grown steadily since the accession of
Alexander III, seemed suddenly to lose
Its main bulwark when Minister
Plehwe felL With the advent of Prince
Sviatopolk Mirsky and his frank appeal
for a policy of mutual confidence be
tween Government and people a tre
mendous liberal rebound occurred, rais
ing, perhaps unjustifiably, high hopes
and aspirations.
An American enjoying absolute polit
ical freedom can hardly appreciate the
full significance of the changes that
have occurred since Prince Sviatopolk
Mirsky's Inauguration in a land of ab
solutism. The Russian policy as re
gards Finland, if not reversed, has been
greatly ameliorated, and the Finnish
national Diet will meet next month.
Only yesterday prominent FInlanders
who were exiled under the Plehwe
regime received permission to return to
their own country or to go abroad if
they desired to do so.
The oppressive activity of the police
throughout the empire has been
largely relaxed; banishment by ad
ministrative order has been abolished;
hundreds of political prisoners exiled
to Siberia have been recalled; the
Jews have received assurances of the
dawning of a brighter day; the doors
have been thrown open at two of the
biggest trials proceeding In Russia
(the Schaumann treason trial and the
Jewish trial at Gobel) .. and the
method of treating student demonstra
tions has been radically changed. Per*
suasion is being substituted for Cos
sack charges.
But nowhere are the changes so
marked as in the matter of the press.
After years of the strictest censorship
Russian papers suddenly found their
voices within the last fortnight and
were remarkably plain spoken | in the
discussion off Internal affairs, and es
pecially now the forthcoming meeting
of Zemstvo presidents. All accounts
of the Schaumann and Gobel trials
have been printed and even particu
lars of student demonstrations, with
resolutions offered at the polytechnic
institute declaring that what was
wanted was not confidence, but an
end of the war and the immediate
convocation of a national assembly.
Such an unprecedented publication
made the Russian public rub Its eyes
in amazement.
Prince Ouktomsky, editor of the
Viodomostl. said to-day that never
within his memory liad Russian news
papers been allowed such liberties;
yet these things had been done quiet
ly and without public proclamation.
As a rule, he said, the laws had not
been modified.
RUSSIA AWAKENING.
Edge of Storm Reaches Georgia.
ATLANTA. Ga.. Nov. 13. — The edge
of the snowstorm, which visited the
North and East, struck Atlanta, this
morning between 4 and 6 o'clock. The
Snow in South Carolina.
CHARLESTON, S. C-, Nov. 13. — The
first snow of the season was reported
to-day from Anderson and Aiken, in
the western and eastern sections of
South Carolina.
TOKIO, Nov. 13.— A draft of the war
tax measure, which the Government
plans to submit to the Diet, which is
to meet on November 2S, shows a pro
posed increase in the import duties.
Divided among a large number of
articles, tha increase on individual ar
ticles is small, except in the case of
tobacco, glassware, beverages and ker
osene.
Among the articles on which it Is
proposed to increase the duty are ob
jects of art, ammunition, compasses,
crucibles, cutlery, electrical machinery,
agricultural Implements, fire extin
guishers, musical Instruments, surgical
and scientific instruments, photo
graphic apparatus, spectacles, tele
phones, thermometers, confectioneries,
preserves, grates, safes, stationery,
inks, straw paper, syrup, felt, spiritu
ous liquors, carriages, bicycles, pic
tures, alcohol, spirits, chemicals, cot
ton, brass, copper, lead, steel and gold
and silver wares. The duties on a
number of articles exclusively of Chi
nese production are Increased. •
The budget to be submitted to the
Diet will be practically the same as
outlined in previous dispatches, except
that further reductions have been made
In ordinary Governmental expendi
tures.
Baron Sone Arasuke. Minister of
Finance, answering the criticism of the
terms of the recent foreign loan, said
that the loan was unsatisfactory to the
Government, but the delay In captur
ing Port Arthur and the departure of
the Russian Baltic fleet had created a
hitch in the negotiations and had com
pelled the acceptance of terms less ad
vantageous than those of the first for
eign loan.
News \ras received In this city last
evening that James M. Conlan, a
brother of Police Judge C. T. Conlan.
dropped dead on the streets of Dixon,
Cal.. iate Saturday night. The au
thorities attempted to notify Judge
Conlan, but messages sent the Judge
did not reach him, as he was spending
the Sunday in Mill Valley and is sup
posed to have gone In the direction of
the Bollnas ridge for a drive.
James Conlan was employed in one
of the wineries of the Sacramento Val
ley. In recent months he had worked
on farms near Dixon. Heart disease
i? supposed to have caused his death.
Storm Descends on' Saratoga.
SARATOGA. N. Y., Nov: 13. — With
the temperature at freezing point, a
heavy snowstorm began to-day and is
continuing to-night- It is accom
panied by a driving wind.
BROTHER OF JUDGE CONLAN
DIES SUDDENLY AT DIXON
Necessity Will Not Arise Until , First
of the Year, If at
All.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13. — In view
of the .published statement that Sec
retary of the Treasury Shaw would
call on Government depositories for
a loan of $20,000,000 it can be stated
positively to-night that no such call
in the immediate future is contem
plated. There Is at the present time,
it was said, no pressing need for such
a call. Should it be made' at all. the
probabilities are that it will be some
time during the month of January.
SHAW NOT TO ISSUE CALL.
FOR FUNDS AT PRESENT
Tennessee tn Storm's Grasp.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn.. Nov. 13. —
Nearly an Inch of snow fell In Knox
ville and throughout the eastern part
of the State to-day. The coldest
weather of the season accompanied it.
Failure to Take
Port Arthur Is
Expensive.
Traffi6 Tied Up and Damage Done in
York by the Storm.
YORK, Pa., Nov. 13. — Telephone
and telegraph wires are down, trolley
cars .are stalled, railway trains are
greatly delayed and there is a general
suspension of traffic In this vicinity to
night as the result of what is said to
be the severest snowstorm York ever
experienced at this time of the year.
It is estimated that snow fell to a
depth of a foot on the level.
The city Is In darkness owing to the
crossing of wires and tho f ailing of
many poles, due to the wires being
weighted down with snow. No at
tempt was made to-night to remedy
conditions. All telephone service is
entirely out of commission.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13. — Thomas E.
Watson to-day gave out the following
statement:
It should be borne in mind that at the time
the Springfield convention tendered me th«
Presidential nomination the People'* party had
no real existence as a factor In national poli
tics for eight years. In tho Presidential elec
tion of 190O it gave to it* nominee only 5000
votes. To that extent had the fusion ©f 1896
swallowed up a movement which la 1884
counted nearly 2,000,000 . of vote« and about
1500 active newspapers. Therefore we bad to
build from the ground up in 1804. We had
almost nothing to start with in the way of
party organisation, campaign funds and news
paper support ; we had only three months la
whlca'to work. Th«8e things being firat con
sidered, some fair idea of what was acoora-
Cllshed can be bad only when the official re
turns are known. Up to this time no official
statement has been made of the vote, and I
can only guess what it was from information
conveyed to me by friends In various parts of
the country. These sources, of course, are not ;
very reliable. Basing an estimate upon them,
however, my opinion Is that I received some
thing like a half million votes, scattered
through so many Btates, North and South,
East and West, as to indicate that the
sentiment which gives lta moral support to
the People's party Is national and not sec
tional. I have found everywhere that the
current was strong and deep in favor of Jef
fersonlan Democracy. I believe to-day that it
all those who believed in that theory of gov
ernment could be united in harmonious action
we could sweep the country.
ONUS PUT UPON CLEVELAND.
Mr. Roosevelt's overwhelming majority was
not ao much due to the fact that our people
believe In class legislation and the reign of
special privileges. • It was not by any means
an indorsement of corporation tyranny, the
«reed of the trusts or the methods of com
bined capital. Mr. Roosevelt's majority over
Mr. Parker was due mainly to two thinOT. j
One was the immense personal unpopularity
of Mr. Cleveland's second administration. Un
fortunately for Mr. Parker, he becama so
completely identified with the marauders who
plundered . the Government during Cleveland's
second administration that he had to beer all
the odium which they had Incurred. The poo
ple have never had a chance to show Just what
they thought of that second administration.
Mr. Bryan's two campaigns did not give
them the opportunity. It was only when the
old Cleveland combination secured the defeat
of Brxan and Hearst and dictated the nomi
nation of Mr. Parker that the masses got the
opportunity to vent upon a national candidate
the intense hatred which they had been nurs
ing for years against such men as OIney and
Belmont and Carlisle and Cleveland himself.
They knew that I could not be elected, and
they were bo eager to make the best of the
opportunity to safeguard the country against
a repetition of that saturnalia of class legisla
tion which marked Cleveland's second adminis
tration that they rushed to Roosevelt pud gave
him a majority which does not under* ordinary
circumstances belong to the Republican party.
In other words, the personality of Mr. Roose
velt and the unpopularity of Mr. Parker's en
vironment carried into the Republican col
umns vast multitudes of men who under or
dinary circumstances would not be found
tUere, 1 " . ,
My own plans for the future embrace a I
complete organization of the people along: the .
lines of Jeffersonian Democracy, the re-estab
lishment of reform and a systematic propa
ganda of Jeffersonian principles In order that
In 1908 there shall be a party of genuine oppo
sition to the Republican party and Its present
policies. If political history teaches anything,
it is that old parties never accomplish any
reform unless they are Irresistibly driven to
It by pressure from without. I hope at leant
to be of some use to my country In aiding
those who will apply that pressure. It Is Im
material to me who does the work which re
formers want done, so that the work itself is
done.
I have no faith whatever that reforms will
be accomplished by the Democratic party. It
Is discredited in the eyes of tho people by ft
series of crushing defeats, but it has been eo
vacillating in its course. It has changed Its
principles so often, has run from one extreme
to another so recently, had such a magnificent
opportunity In 1802 to work out the reforms
to which It stood pledged and made such
wretched use of that opportunity that It can
not inspire th» confidence which lead* to suc
cess. Since lf%2 the Democratic party has al
most entirely boxed the compass in political
profession of faith. It has been for pretty
much everything until this year, when it stood
for everything or nothing, according to the
interpretation which the voter chooses to put
upon Its ambiguous platform. ,
BRYAN NOT THE "WHOLE SIIOW."
Mr, Bryan, while a great Democrat, is not
the Democratic party. There are other distin
guished Democrats who are yet to be heard
from, and they may not Indorse his Populist
platform. There Is John Sharp William* of
Mississippi ; there Is Joseph W. Bailey of Texas;
there 1* Senator Ben TUlmaa of South Caro
lina; there la Senator Morgan of Alabama;
there Is Senator John R, Daniel of Virginia;
In fact, there are quite a number of dlsingulshed
Democrats who may claim the right to put in
a word before the next national Democratic
platform is fixed. They may not be willing to
take, for Instance, Mr. Bryan's forty-seven
different systems of government railroads; they
may not be in favor of some other planks in
his platform. Be that as It may, Mr. Bryan
has no more right at the present to aay what
the Democratic platform shall be In 1903 than
j any other ulsttngulaned Democrat. Tor the
next four Tears the Democratic creed must re
main what the St. Louis convention of 1904
made It. and the machinery of the party must
remain In the hands of the men who now
hold It. .
The air still rings with the eloquence with
which Mr. Bryan indoised the candidate of
tho St. Louie convention; spoke of him aa the
Moaes of Democracy; spoke of Parker's Ideals
aa hit own ideals and proclaimed the "sin
cerity" with which he was advocating both the
platform and the nominee of 1904. Mr. Bryan
himself will remain for four y«ar* aa much
bound by the action of the St. Louis conven
tion as he was when ha made his whirlwind
trip through Indiana. If the action at the
convention bound him then, It binds him now.
The election did not release him. Be can only
b« released by another national convention,
an! the national convention will not meet till
1908. Therefore, when Mr.' Bryan cuts loose
from a platform which he so recently asked
the people to Indorse In behalf of Judge Par
ker he takes a position which is that of Bryan
the individual, and which cannot bind any
other Democrat whatsoever. For - four years
the Democratic party has got to stand by the
action of the St. Louis convention, whether
they with to do to or not. What .they did
there is official and binding. Mr. Bryan him
self gave It his sanction.
Again, Mr. Bryan has no , substantial rea
son for believing that he can ever get the
National Democratic party to adopt the Popu
list programme which be has Just formulated.
The Democratic party never did do It, and the
presumption .Is that It never will. The plu
tocratic element has Just as much power with
in the party now as it had when the St.
Louis convention met. Indeed, • It has more.
It has all the machinery now which the Bryan
men then had. It has the same control over
the newspapers which it then had; therefor*,
it is as certain as anything can be that they
will ' again be able to defeat Mr. - Bryan In the
-national, convention when he cornea before it
with his Populist platform.
EFFICACY OP THE KHIFE.
Suppose, however, j that he . should be vic
torious over them in the national convention —
can they - not knife him as successfully ¦ as
they <ild in 1S0O? Is 'it not absolutely certain
that they are Just as much joined to their
idol* now as they were then? Will they not
be u desperate and unscrupulous In knifing
their cwnttcket as -they were In 1896? Every
argument based on human nature says they
¦ will. Then, - if .. Mr. Bryan should •; win < the
nomination of his Populist platform in 1908 the
plutocratic element In his own party will - bar
his progress and encompass his defeat just as
, they ' did before. - Again, suppose that the
pfutocratlc '¦ element • should r triumph over Mr.
Bryan in 1008 as they , did in 1901, then : Mr.
Bryan will have to submit Just as he did sub
mit in 1904 — after ;> having declared publicly
and i positively that he would never support a
goM . standard -nominee for .the Democratic
party. Mr. Bryan could not bolt in 1908. -The
TOKIO, Nov. 13. — The Manchurian
aimy headquarters, telegraphing to
day, says:
"In the direction of the left army
the enemy attacked from Wuchentai
on November 11 at 12:30 o'clock ! Jn
the morning. They were repulsed.
"On November 9 200 infantry a-nd
300 cavalry appeared In the direction
of Slaozaiton. Our force stationed
there repulsed them. The Russians
retreated to Machuantzu. The Rus
sian losses were sixty. Ours were six."
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Nov. 13. — The Russian
forces are Btill encamped north of the
Shakhe River. The Russian bombard
ment of the Japanese lines has les
sened lately. From the beginning it
has resulted In surprisingly little dam
age, although on many days 100 big
6hells were fired. No Japanese were
killed by the bombardment and but
few were wounded.
HAVOC IN PENNSYLVANIA.
CRITICIZE NEW LOAN
Georgian Says Twice Canr
didate for President Has
Forfeited Leadership .. by
Espousing Parker's Cause
SPOKANE. Nov. 13.— When firemen
broke open the door of Frank Trudell's
room In the rear of his carpenter shop
at Kalispell, Mont., this mornine they
found the partly consumed body of
Trudell lying on the floor while about
him were charred bits of wood and
other inflammable material indicatinz
that the man had been murdered before
the torch was applied to the building.
The body was so b>id;y burned that all
evidence of wounds, if any existed,
was obliterated.
Police officers hold to the murder
theory and 6ay that youns Trudell was
known to have considerable monev.
He was a hard working young man of
excellent habits and did not drink or
emoke. He was not married.
The building in which Trudell lived
¦was nearly destroyed, but the condi
tion of the room in which the bodv was
found shows a separate fire was start
ed there.
Government to Re
duce Expense
to Minimum.
GRANTS PASS. Ore.. Nov. 13.— Word
was brought into the Pass early yes
terday morning that the body of John
Rowley, an aged miner, was found
dead in his cabin in the mountains of
the Jump-Off Joe country, several
miles north of here. . When found Row
ley was in a kneeling position beside
his bed. with his hand across his
stomach and his face buried In the
bedding, as If he had been seized with
cramps.
There was a half-»cooked flapjack in
the frying pan on the hearth, and
dishes spread on the table indicated
that the old miner was in the act of
preparing a meal when the last call
came. Nothing Is known of his rela
tives save that he has a niece in Seat
tle and a nephew In San Francisco. He
has lived alone many years.
Slav Artillery Is
Doing Little
Damage,
Special DUpatch to Tfc* Call
BRYAN IS ORDERED
BACK TO THE HEAR
Storm.
City of Washington Feels Fury of the
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13. — Ab the
result of a snowstorm which set in
here shortly before 11 o'clock this
morning Washington to-night for sev
eral hours was completely cut off from
telegraphic and telephonic communi
cation with the outside world. Later
a wire was obtained to the West, but
none south or north. The Western
Union and Postal Telegraph com
panies report great damage to their
wires and their inability to get mes
sages through. Inquiry at the rail
way stations developed the fact that
trains were departing on schedule
time, but that incoming trains were
three or more hours late. The snow
to-day was the first of the season.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Police Believe Tragedy Was
Enacted and Torch Used
to -Prevent a Discovery
dents were caused by the heavily
charged wires during the day and
to-nigrht, but so far as known there
have -been no fatalities. "With the ex
ception of a few Western Union wires
to Philadelphia and New York, Balti
more Is cut off from communication
to other portions of the country.
The local weather office sent out a
warning to masters of vessels to the
effect that a second storm Is fast
traveling up the Atlantic Coast and is
expected to reach this section to
night. Aside from the interruption to
telegraphic and telephonic communi
cation with the outside world and the
minor accidents above referred to,
there have been no serious results
recorded at midnight.
Suddenness of Yisit of the
Reaper Is Mutely Told by
the Condition of the Hut
faJl here was very light, but la re
ported heavier in the northern part or
the State. : '~/i\ '?'•"¦;
FIRST SNOW IS OAPITAIi.
Announces That He Will
Reorganize the Only Real
Jeffersonian Democracy
for the Next Campaign
Minor Attacks
by Russians
rv i l
Repulsed,
BODY FOUND IX CABIN
NIPPON'S DIET
WILL INCREASE
IMPORT TAXES
Death Makes Call on Aged
Prospector as He Is Pre
paring His Simple Eepast
Partly Burned Remains of
Carpenter Found in Koom
bv Firemen Keveal Xurder
YiCTJJl OF FOUL DEED
Storm King Holds Sway
From New York South
ATLANTIC COAST IS
UNDER SNOW.
POPULIST
WATSON IN
THE SADDLE
WAR BURDEN RESTS HEAVILY
UPON THE PEOPLE OE JAPAN
MINER'S LONELY
LIFE IS ENDED
TRIES TO HIDE
CRIME BY FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Epilepsy
Can be cured. To those afflicted this
conveys a wonderful message. Thoueh
quite common, it Is only a short tim*
¦lnre It was considered Incurable. The
discovery that It was purely a nervous
disorder has led to the application of the
rreat nerve restorer.
Dr. Miles'
Restorative Nervine
¦With the happy result that thousands
hav«- been completely cured, and others
&rf being' cured every day.
"In the year "92 I was stricken' with
epilepsy. Doctors treated me for several
year*, but I gTew worse. I would have
puch awful fits. I cannot tell my awful
Bufferings. A drugrgist recommended Dr.
Milra" Nervine, and I bought a bottle and
found It helped me, and I took three
more and am cured. I had only one light
ppell after I commenced talclnjr it. ] do
hope the time will come when everybody
will know that your medicine eur<*s these
awful flta."— - J<5HN LEWIS, Clarion. Pa.
Dr. Miles' Nervine is sold under a guar
*nt«e that your druggist will refund your
money if first bottle docs not benefit.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
19D4-Taxes-1904
. Notice Is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by real
property and one-half of the taxes on
real property will be dus and payable on
Monday, October 10, 1904, and will ba
delinquent on Monday, November 2$,
1904, at 6 o'clock p. m., and unless paid
prior thereto fifteen per cent will be
added to the amount thereof, and that If
said one-half be not paid before the last
Monday In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m..
an additional five per cent will be added
thereto; that the remaining one-half of
the taxes on all real property will be
payable on and after the first Monday in,
January next, and will be delinquent on
the last Monday in April next thereafter
at 6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
That all taxes nay be paid at the titr.t
the first Installment as herein provided
Is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable) at
the offloe of the Tax Collector. New City
HalL
N. B. — For the convenience of taxpay-
ers unable to call during the day. this
office will be open continuously during
the month of November from 6:80 a. m.
to 9 p. m.. commencing Monday. Novem-
ber 1, 1904.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County of
San Francisco. - -
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and ll>,
San Francisco:
For Ketehlkaa, WnnK
Juneau. TreadweUa. Hitnw,
Skacway. eto.. Aluiu-11
a. m., Nov. 1. «. 11. l*. ft.
28, Dee. 1. Chans* to this
company's steamers at Seat-
For Victoria. Vaneoavar. Port Tonrnaend.
Seattle, Tacotna. Bverett. 8outa Belllnghain.
Belllasnaia — 11 a. m.. Nov. 1, 8. 11. is, zt.
28. Dec 1. Cbanse at Seattle to this com-
pony's ¦teamen (or Alaska and O. V. Ry.; *t
Seattle or Taooma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
to a P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hnmboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1-lit
p. m.. Nov. a. 12. 13. 24. 30. Deo. 8. Corona.
1:80 p. nv. Nov. 8. ». 13. a. 27. Dec «.
For Los Anxelts (via Port horn Angele* aad
Redondo). Ban Diego aad Saata Bexbarsr~
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
Btat* of California. Thursdays. 9 *. ra.
For Xjo* Ans«les (via San Padro and Gut
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Panta Crua, Mon-
terey. Ban Simeon. Cayuoos. Port Hartord (9aa
Lois Obispo), Ventura and Bueneme.
Bonlta, » a. m.. Nov. 7, 15, 23, Dee. L
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. 8. \\. w. zt, r>«. 1
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»i
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa R*.
salla. Ouaymas (Mnt.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change strainer* or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES — i New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st..and Bfoad-
way wharves rr eight Office 10 Market st
a Dt DTJNANN, General Passenter A«ent
10 Market St.. Ban Francisco. -*««m.
The Padflo Transfer Co.. 30 Softer st. win
eall for and rfieck bamxe from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
occanics.s.co."".-.'v:?
8.8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Nov 19 Haw
B. S. MARIPO6A. for Tahiti. Nov 23'u A M
B. 8. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dee. 1. 2 P M.
J.D.SFBICIILS k BB05. OX, Aztl.TlCfct 02(3 543 fir-'
tit, mm Cfflc; 327 Harm st, Piar 7, Pacil: 5i
C0MPA8MI1 eXftSSALB TRAS3XTLAJfTli31
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Saillne every Thursday Instead of
Eaturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier
42. North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
<md class to Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA,. 32 Broadway (Hudson buUdln*).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A Co.. Pacific Coajt
Ajrents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
a Strs. General Frlsbte. Monticello and Arrow.
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:1* p.m., 6 ptm.. 8:30 p.
™- L «« v » San Francisco Sundays »:4J a-nv.
12:30 p.m.. 0 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leave VaUejo. T
a-m., 9 a-m.. 13:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. a p.m. Sun-
J*^"; ", »-*>- » *-m.. J.-2O p.m-. e b-m. Pier X
ft Mission st. ; phone Main 1SO&. HATCH t»mnm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hydrozone
Cures
Sore Throat
A Harmless Antiseptic
¦Endorsed by the medical profession.
Send ten cents to pay postage on
free trial bottle. Sold by Lead-
ing Druggists. Not genuine unless
. label bears my signature :
610 Prince SUN.Y.
Write for free booklet on Rational Treat-
ment of Disease ,
dvisiT DR. JORDAN'S orcat!
OF ANATOMY^
6 H^&ft DR. JQR0AN-DISEA3E8 OF MEN i
\ » \PSVH Co»i»lt»ti«i frw Md rfjlctiT prirtt.. \
\ fi # Til f-*M- ftrthnuy om« ¦Bd.mkaa. W
Or H \ 9> w n>< '« Po^. PKiL«ioraY*(A
V » if * H41HACI. mailed vaaa, ixY
X il [&¦ mlMbi* bwk f»r n.o) \
V D& JORDAN * CO.. IOft Karket 8k. 8. r 9
#%||B|J% Ammunition. Hunting and
I'illUlr S P°?tn f Goods. L.^
B m 1 I lU ; tOCk " Low *« P rlc «»- Send
I lISIllB {or catalogue.
UvllV SHItKVE & BARBER CO
739 Market «t. aad B21
¦ Keamy st.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Zs tie only eiu* for Hervous and
SronohlaJ asthma.
Tour Drugglef or at 598 HAIGHT 8T
Han Francisco. Cal. *
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD U8B DAM1AJNA BITTERS, THB
Great Mexican Remedy: «lv«» health and
•tren«:Ui to sexual orraas. .Deoot. 223 Market.REPRESENTATIVES OF PORTO RICO UNIONS WITH BRITISH AND CANADIAN * FRATERNAL- DELEGATES.
We are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents for
"The Marshall." the best $1.00 fountain
pen in the world. Sanborn. Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
STRUCK BY A MAIL. "WAGON.— R. B. Sin
clair, a resident of : Santa ¦ Rosa, employed In
the" United States Xavy Yard at Mare Island."
was struck by a United States mall wagon at
the crossing of Geary and Keamy. streets yes
terday afternoonl [ He, received Internal Inju
ries which : may terminate fatally. He was
removed to the Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. Hill treated him for what he diagnosed as
a ¦ ruDture of the right kidney, with : other ' In
ternal complications. ,
"Letcher went to. China last Febru
ary- from' here. He was obliged to
skip out as the authorities were look
ing, for him; He grew bold and came
back to San Francisco and from this
city :he went to»Sari Jose, where he
went into the business of renting out
nlckeMn-the'rSlot machines.' He has a
son i there " who is well' to do: I ; think
that this son*3 v name , is ' Clarence.
Letcher's divorced .wife lives inBerke^
ley-i ¦ He • is a ' dangerous criminal and
has a lonir record ; behind him."
"When I was in Baltimore a short
time ago," said Nagle, "I met L.D.
Davis, Fife Marshal bf Ohio. In that
State the State ; Fire ' Marshal has
charge of all arson cases. He. ap
pointed, me special -attorney." to look
into the matter, with . authority to
cause the fugitive's arrest. I was told
that the man '.was .'one of a gang of
four or five who had made it their
practice to swindle insurance com
panies. They had .been operating: for
twenty years and are said to have also
been involved in an arson case in Cali
fornia. •
. Attorney Charles G. Nagle, who has
been instrumental in locating Letcher,
said last night that the crime with
which the man is charged is that of
arson. It was committed in the State
of Ohio about ten years ago, but
under the Ohio State laws arson is not
dealt with .in the statute of limita
tion, therefore a suspect can be tried
on a complaint filed at any time sub
sequent to, the commission of the
crime. . . ¦->•-:"'- --.^J. ..
Fred ; H. Gllman, Pacific Coast rep
resentative of the American Lumber
man of Chicago, is down from Seattle
and staying at the Palace. ~ T
James M. Meighan, a well known
mining man of California, who , has
lately been operating in' Tonopah, ar
rived at the . Palace - yesterday.
Alonzo Tripp, general 'superintend
ent of the Tonopah Railroad Company,
arrived'..;. from Nevada yesterday and
Is registered at the, Palace. He is
here to purchase ties and' other materi-'
als for converting his toad Into a broad
gauge.";' He ¦; said yesterday .'. that . it is
expected.that the work of, broadening
the Tonopah ¦[ line .will ~j_ be ; completed
about, the same time as the Carson and
Colorado ' road.- t
D. Siffert of Brussels^Belgian Con- I
sul General to Shanghai, is a guest,/
at the St. Francis. ~
- William P. Hammon, who is operat
ing a number of gold dredgers near
Oroville, is at the Palace.*
Frederlco A. Escalante, a young trav
eler from Merida, Yucatan, Mexico, is
among the latest arrivals at > the St.
Francis..
PERSONAL.
W. L. Miller of Denver is at the St.
Francis.
J. Craig, a "Woodland banker, is at
the GrSnd.
R. Barcroft, a. Merced business man,
is at the Lick.
Jesse Poundstone, a mining man of
Grimes, is at the Grand. v
Dr. and Mrs. Lyall of S wanton,
China, are at the Occidental.
• H. Schroeder. Assessor of Nevada
Gounty, is staying at the Lick.
Thomas B. Dozier, a well known
Redding attorney. Is at the Palace.
"YV. B. Carlisle, a prominent insur
ance man of New York, is at the St.
Francis. jj
Henry W. Peabody 'and wife of Sa
lem, Mass.. are registered at the St.
Francis. : r~~- :'". ':- .
The man who first made the accusa
tion against Letcher in Ohio has since
then, according to a statement made
by Letcher to-night, committed suicide.
Letcher has a son, a dentist in San
Francisco." His bail is fixed at $20,000.
The complaint upon which the police
acted came from State Fire Marshal
Davis, and was supplemented by in
formation from Attorney C. G. Nagle
of San Francisco, from which it ap
pears that Letcher's accusers charge
him with being the ringleader of a band
of conspirators whose specialty was
arson. -It is alleged that Letcher also
destroyed a residence of his in Tulare
for the purpose of obtaining the insur
ance. . * x:
SAN JOSE, Nov. 13.— George E.
Letcher, a well-known capitalist, aged
about 50 years, was arrested hereto
day on the charge of being a fugitive
from justice from Williams County,
Ohio- It is charged that he was in
dicted a year ago by the Williams
Grand Jury for the crime of arson.
The President's palace was strongly
guarded until midnight! It is rumored
that, a dozen persons were killed and
that sixty were injured. An intermit
tent fusillade continues. y i"
RIO DE JANEIRO. Nov. 13.— The op
position to the compulsory vaccination
law led to fierce rioting: to-day. The
troops repeatedly charged the mob,
barricades were erected a.nd water and
gas mains were cut, plunging the city
into darkness, and street cars were
burned. The demonstration has every
characteristic of a revolution.
Let San Francisco ' become a leader in good
government by turning out the mischief work
ers and evil counselors — thieves and rascals
in the temple, and by putting in men of hon
esty, integrity and devotion to our moral and
every welfare.
M\ of this ia gratifying to the patriots and
lovers of good . government, for the spectacle
of great cities in tha hands of corrupt offi
cial*, notoriously guilty of graft, .mismanage
ment of public affairs and violation of oath
is doing much to destroy the claim made by
the New York Sun a- few years ago that "if
anything has been demonstrated beyond the
possibility of cavil. It Is that the American
can be trusted to govern well."
• It must be recognised.' however, that this Is
no time to rest en our oars. Sleep is not in or
der. Activity is demanded.
The preliminary victory won is a strong in
centive to further endeavor until San Fran
cisco is as proud of her city government as
she Is of her geographical situation and her
growing commercial Importance.
• There Is encouragement in j the hard blows
graft and public corruption have received in
other places. Good citizens of all parties will
rejoice over the election of Joseph W. Folk as
Governor cf Missouri.
All honor to the press, tae leagues, the asso
ciations and the untrammeled voters fcr the
clean victory won. »
The newspapers axe to be congratulated also.
It has be«n demonstrated that the press Is
not only a medium, for the circulation of the
world's news and a channel of advertising,
but that it is also a great factor in molding
and directing public thought and action.
The Call and other papers, almost without
exception, sounded forth the warning, and
clean and honest citizens shuddered to think
of the consequences and. determined to re- 1
buke and repudiate these false and unworthy
leaders,- Trent to the ballot box and magnifi
cent ly defeated their candidates.
"A Grave for Grafters" was the post
election prelude to an evening sermon
delivered in Simpson Memorial Metho
dist Episcopal Church last evening by
the Rev. James H. N. Williams, the
pastor. He said:
Grafters and public corruptionists in Sao
Francisco have been given notice by the pub
lic not only of its disapproval of dishonesty
in DUblic officials, but to prepare for politi
cal burial. Law and order and public de
cency have simply triumphed at the polls in
the re-election of Judges Seawell. Murasky,
Troutt and Kerrigan. Not only are these
Judges to be congratulated en their election,
but the city and State are to be congratulated
alFC Such victories strengthen confidence In
the rule of the p«ople and inspire hope for th<*
future.
Davitt stated that he had no Intention
of making any speeches here. He ex
pects to stay only about three days In
St. Louis, and will- hurry on to New
York with the view of returning. to Ire
land on the same steamer that brought
him to this country.
Michael Davitt of Dublin, Ireland's
famous advocate of home rule, arrived
from the East last night and is regis
tered at the Palace HoteL He is here
simply on a pleasure trip and expects
to remain only a few days. Davitt
came to the United States to visit the
St. Louis Exposition, from which he
came direct to this city. He expects to
revisit St. Louis next week.
Discussing the political situation in,
Ireland he said last night that the peo
ple were well satisfied with the out
look for home rule. After the coming
elections, he said, there was good rea
son for believing that another success
ful move toward the end so long sought
by the Irish people, would be made, and
he declared that he was confident that
not many years would pass before Ire
land would be enjoying the privilege of
handling Its own taxes and using them
for the betterment of her conditions.
He said last night:
The successful application of the Wyndnam
land bill has beftn an encouraging sign for
those who have strussled so hard for the home
rule measure. The transfer of lands from the
landlords to their tenants has, of course,
been going on eince 1SS5, lone before the
adoption of the Wyndhiun bill. Duriuj that
period about 90,009 tenants have taken over
fanniny land at a cost of about $20,000,000,
•w-hich the Government has advanced them,
and I us proud to eay that of • the. entire
amount in which the tenantry has obligated
itself not mare than $1000 In payments have
been in default. Th» p«ople have been re
markably punctual in their payments, which
plainly suggests prosperity onion? them.
At present the agricultural conditions of Ire
land are not as good as th — might be, a
fact TThich Is directly attributed to the largo
emlgratlcn to this country. Th« anti-emigra
tion movement has been a failure. Strive as
we may to keep the young Irishmen at home,
they cannot fall to appreciate the great" In
ducements for advancement that the United
States ofTers them. Much of the present emi
gration to this country Is due to the fact that
there is hardly & family in Ireland that has
not a relative prosperinsr in this country, and
when Bridget. Mary. Patrick or Henry re
ceives a letter from a relative in the -United
States reciting the success that has rewarded
the writer's efforts in his new home, there is
a hsjrty packing o' traps and a hurried de
parture for the land of promise.
With me on the Cedric crossing: the Atlantic
on my last trip trere SCX> young Irishmen
bound for various parts of this country, all
hopeful of success. They were by no means
poor. On the contrary they all had money
which might nave been successfully Invested
In their own country. I am satisfied, how
ever, that after we hare been conceded home
rule and are allowed to collect and disburse
our own taxes ,we will be able to divert the
meney into projects for bettering our. home
condltions*and en«mragjnjr Induntries and. In
this way Ftay the tide of emigration that has
b*»n so Injurious to our progress as a race.
Special Dtrpatch to The Call.
DAVITT SEES
HOPEFUL SIGNS
DIVINE TALKS
OF GRAFTERS
RIOTING VERGES
ON REVOLUTION
MAN OF MEANS
IN PRISON CELL
delegates were busily preparing for
the work of the convention to-day at
Lyric Hall. There" will be addresses
of welcome to the delegates by P. H.
McCarthy, H. A. Knox and J. O.
Knox, to which President Gompers
will respond. Then will folk*w the
president's yearly report, which will
probably consume the remainder of
the day's session. If time allows, the
report of the treasurer will also be
read and the committee on creden
tials will report on the seatinsr of the
delegates. Following this will come
the appointing of the various commit
tees by the president. It is probable
that this work will occupy two days
of the session.
TWO WEEKS' PROGRAMME.
The complete programme for the
two weeks' session, including the so
cial side of the convention, is as fol
lows:
Monday. November 14 — Convention begins at
Lyric Hal!. 121 Eddy street, morning and aft
ernoon sessions. Evening — Mass meeting of
Carmen's Union and *ight branches of the
Butchers' Union at the Alhambra. Addresses
by John Mitchell, W. D. ilahon, P. H. Mc-
Carthy, John L. Davie. Machinists' high
Jinks to James CyConnell and other delegates
at Native Sons' Hall. Retail Clerks' reception
to President Gompers at Pioneer Hall.
Tuesday. November 15 — Convention in ses
sion morning and afternoon at Lyric Hall.
Evening — Mass meeting in Oakland, addressed
by national delegates. Stationary firemen's
smoker. Foresters' Hall.
Wednesday, November 16 — Delegates' trolley
ride through San Francisco. Evening — Broth
t-rhrod o? Painters' reception at Pioneer Hall.
Retail Clerks reception to delegates at Golden
Gate Hall. Barbers' smoker to representative
delegates at Shiels Hall. 32 O'Farrell street.
Thursday, November 17 — Convention in ses- j
sion morning and afternoon at Lyric Hall, j
Afternoon — Musicians' reception to delegates !
at Plon*er Hall. Evening — Mass meeting in !
Stockton, addressed by national delegates. I
Granite Cutters' banquet to delegates at the j
Cosmos Restaurant. Powell street. ;
Friday, November IS — Convention In session
morning and afternoon at Lyric Hall. Even-
Ing — Mass meeting in San Jos», addressed by
• national delegates. Carpenters' and Joiners'
entertainment for delegates at Carmen's Hall.
310 OFerrell street. Boot and Phoe- Workers'
entertainment at 102 O'Farrell street.
Saturday. November 19 — Convention in ses
sion morning and afternoon at Lyric Hail.
Evening — Banquet to the executive council and
national delegates at the Lick House, Michael
Casey, Commissioner of Public Works, presid
ing. Brewery Workmen's ball at Turn Verein
Hall.
Sunday. November 20 — Outing of the Typo
graphical Union for delegates to Mounf Tarn- '
alpais.
Monday, November 21 — Convention in session
morniny and afternoon at Lyric Hall. Even
lug- — Rlg-gers' and Stevedores' reception at the
Alhimbra. Amalgamated Woodworkers'
smoker to representative delegates at Eintracht
Hall.
Tuesday. November 22 — Convention in ses
sion morninx and afternoon at Lyric Hall.
District Council Bridge and Structural Iron
workers will give jinks to delegates at Har
mony Hall. Iron Trades' Council mass meet-
Ing at Machinists' Hall. 1159 Mission street.
Wednesday, November 23 — Bay excursion of
national delegates, visiting- Mare Island and
holdlnsr mass meeting In Vallsjo. Evening —
Mass meeting at the Alhaxnbra.
Thursday. November 24 — Convention in ses
sion morning and afternoon.'
Friday, November 25 — Convention In secret
session morning and afternoon. Election of of
ficers.
Saturday, November 26 — Convention tn se
cret session morning and afternoon. Election
of officers. Evening — Grand ball at the Russ
House. Longshore Lumbermen's Union enter
tainment at Machinists' Hall.
Mother With Week-Old Child Carried
From Burning Dwelling of lone
Newspaper Man.
IONE, Nov. 13. — The residence of
J. E. Barnes, editor of the lone Echo,
was partially destroyed by fire Sun
day night. Mrs. Barnes and her week
old baby were carried from the burn
ing building. It was feared that the
shock to the mother would result seri
ously, but the physicians report that
she is not in any danger.
The building was owned by Mrs. T.
B. Gregory and was not insured.
EDITOR'S WIFE AND BABE
HAVE A NARROW ESCAPE
The two women had failed to pay (
the rent for the flat they occupied and
on Friday were dispossessed. At the
same time their furniture, which they
had bought from an installment com
pany, was taken from them, and they
were given permission by the Janitor
to remain in the flat over Sunday.
"For this consideration,** the letter
continued, "we give our "bodies for
the benefit of medical science."
In the hand of the younger woman [
was an open letter, written in German, j
which stated that the sisters had de- |
cided to die together after talking !
over the situation for a week and re
quested that they be buried in one i
grave.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13. — Locked in
each other's arms on the floor of a
dismantled flat on Fifty-third street
from which they had been dispos
sessed on Friday, two sisters, Louise
and Valerie Abel, 44 and 33 years old,
respectively, were found, dead to-day.
In the mouth of each «j»3 a rubber
tube which connected with the chan
delier. - ; '
Penniless Women Bequeath Their
Bodies to the Cause of
Medical Science.
EVICTED SISTERS EXD
THEIR LIVES WITH GAS
Three fraternal delegates from for
eign countries have responded to the
invitations sent out by the council to
France, Germany and England. These
delegates are: William Abraham,
representative of the Trades Union
Congress of Great Britain; James
WLynall. general organizer of the
Dockers* Union, also representing the
Trades Union Congress of Great Bri
tain, and J. A- Flett, president of the
Trades and Labor Congress of Canada.
These delegates will be present
throughout the session as guests of
the Federation, but *rfH have no vote.
Mr. Abraham, who is a member of
Parliament and is familiarly called
"Mabon," is the oldest member of
Parliament in England, having rep
resented Rhondda Valley, in South
Wales for the lost nineteen years. He
Is a coal miner and president of the
South Wales Miners' Federation.
Although wearied by the Ions ride,
Mr. Abraham finally consented to be
interviewed. He said that the out
look for labor representation in the
British Parliament was never so
bright as at present. A fortnight ago
there was an election i« Wales, v.-here
Tom Richards, secretary of the South
Wales Miners' Federation, was elected
to Parliament by a large majority.
The addition of Richards makes thir«
teen labor men in the House of Com
mons.
Fraternal Delegate James Wignall
of Swansea, England, expressed him
self as pleased with the labor outlook
in Great Britain and was hopeful that
in the near future a powerful inter
national federation would arise. He
added that he and his associate. Mr.
Abraham, were fflad to avail them
selves 6f the privilege of visiting the j
session and said that they had been I
rpyaHy treated since their arrival in
Nev,- York.
J. A. Flett, fraternal delegate from
Hamilton, Ontario, echoed the senti
ments of his compatriots and spoke
more hopefully of the idea of Ameri
can trade combination with Canadian
labor un'ons.
FRO3I PORTO RICO.
A new departure in the line of
progress is the presence of two dele
gates from Porto Rico: Santiago
Ig-Iesi.is from San Juan, organizer of
labor unions in Porto Rico, and Este- i
ban Padilla, from Arecibo. delegate J
to the federation convention. This i
is the first appearance of Porto Rican !
labor delegates on the floor of the
convention and their legislative en
deavors will be watched with appre
ciation.
In s;>eakir.gr of the work of the
Porto Rico delegation Senor Ig-Iesias
said that he and his colleague, Senor
Padilla. represented 110 unions of
Porto Rico, and that more were or
ganizing. He considered it a phenom
enal record for only two years and. a
half of American Federation work. -
Senor Ig-^esias spoke in the highest
t^rms of the attitude of Porto Rico's t
Governor, Beekman Winthrop, toward I
the labor movement and said that the j
workingman was assured of a fair I
deal under the Governor's administra
tion.
The Porto Ricans will present to
the convention a petition for moral
and financial aid in the spreading of
th<? doctrine of federation through
the island. Senor Islesias said that
it was an economical rather than so
cial visit the delegation was paying,
and that the industrial affairs of Porto
Rico are in a bad -way financially. He
expressed the hoj>e that the federa
tion would aid in procuring better
conditions.
Last night at the Russ House, the
HEPPNER. Ore., Nov. 13.— As the re
sult of a auarrel between Frank Nat
tor and T. CL Cresswell, both well
known citizens of that place, Nattor
was shot, to death and Cresswell
wounded.
The men became involved In a quar
rel Saturday evening, daring which
Cresswell struck Nattor over the head :
with a club, for which offense Cresswell i
was arrested. Nattor followed Cress- i
well to the City Recorder's office later
and there renewed the quarrel, as an
outcome of which Cresswell shot Nattor
three times, killing him instantly- Dur
ing the melee Cresswell was shot in
the mouth and slightly wounded, but
it is not postively known by whom, as
Nattor*s revolver had not been fired.
Nattor was a saloon-keeper, but was
well thought of in the community.
Representatives of a Rapidly
Growing Labor Movement.
in Porto Rico Are Among
the Visitors.
Slayer Is Wounded in Month
by Bullet From "Weapon in
Hands of Unknown Person
Programme' of
Events Arran
ged for the
Session.
PISTOLS FREELY USED
THREE FOREIGN DELEGATES
WILL ATTEND CONVENTION
LABOR MEN TROM ENGLAND AND CANADA ACCEPT INVITATION
Fatality to One Man and
Injnry to Another Eesnlts
From a Dispute in Oregon
SHOT TO DEATH
IN A QUARREL
• . ¦ -.:./ ¦--¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ - /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.
3
AJYX^TISE3rtEyTS.
Tjzrrrxs states bsastcs.
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
lotion Unarantee and AccMoit Company
(LIMITED.)
OF LOMXDN*. IN ENGLAND. ON THE
21st <Uy of December. A. D. 1&03. and for
the y«ar er.dlr.g oa that day. as mads to the
Imrance Cctnmisslcner cf the State of Cali-
r^-nia. pursuant to the provisions of sections
•3* and <ni of the Political Code, cciidensed
as per black furnished by tie. Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Ca*s Market Value of all Stocks ¦'"-:'
and Dcn^a o»ned by Coiai>any..|L14e,542 78
Oi*h !n Company's Office 1,730 82
Otch in Backs 123.700 00
Intere^ due acd a;rcrued en Bonds
and V°rt««««« 13.1S4 81
Prem!uin« ia dae Course of Col-
lectisa 193.743 84
.
Total assets $1,478,902 33
LIABILITIE3. '
Losves ia process cf Adjustment
or In C ucpense $16,963 36
Lcsses resisted. iiiclu£in» e^peoses 12.873 Ou
Gross sremivrns cr. Rixlcs running
one year or less. $59.1.199 S4; re-
insurance 60 per cent 446,599 77
Grc&s sr^iniszrns on Risks running
more tian cne year. flS.OlS 14;
reissuraace pro rata 14.931 72
S'^edal reserve fcr unpaid losses.. £35,050 00
Commijtiwn and brokerase due
and to become due C2 901 71
Contln^r:* R**erve (Liability De-
partment) 100.000 00
All other Liabilities ............ 27 "34 54
Teal liabilities .11.023.00% 10
Net cash actually received fcr -
prctniasom $1,194,391 94
Kecefv*^ f«r Interest and dividends
'tr. Bonds, Stocice. Loans and
from all other sources 3S 870 ~n
Total income $1,233.862 13
=====
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses.. $ 473,421 44
Remitted to Horae Office 4« £07 is
Vs.ii cr allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 222.406 £3
'F»Id for Salaries. Fees and other
charjes fcr officers, clerks, etc . . u 935
Paid for Sute. National and Local
Taxes 17.34S 75
All oUier v •=¦'¦> vr.T.\t and expendi-
tcres S01.144 07
Total expenditures ., $1,116,767 U
Al W. M.*.ETERS. United States Manager,
siabecribed aad iwtrs to before me, this 2Sth
day of January, 13C4.
MARK A. FOOTE, Notary PabUc I
ACCIDENT AND LIABILITY LINES. •
EDW, C. LANDIS. 1
General Arent. I
cie-418 Califonua «.. San Francisco. CsX 1
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
(Developing
1 Have been elected by a large ma-
; jority as the be3t work of tlie kind
' on the coast.
[ ily prices are way down.
; Dirvxitopxwo. -¦¦*> -
Bon at str. 10c: roll of 13. 15c
FRisroro.
Sollo fialtX 3c to 5c; relax finish,
! 3c to Sc.
S&TLIO3T &OADXVO TXSJBL. In
, all popular sizes, at popular prices.
ASSCO CAVT.H.A3 — 7TOSX 82.OO
j up.
CTKO PHOTO PAPiat— Prints by
! artmcial light. Gives beautiful de-
! talL
Cameras of all kinds repaired at
low prices.
Mail orders filled promptly.
! THAT MAN PITTS
P. "W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MAEKET STREET. On. Tilth.
¦ SAN FRANCISCO.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
'50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co*
23 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4. p. m.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 aXoatffomezT Street.
Capital paid op $ 600,000
Cirifcntfs paid to depositors . 1,656,226
CHAS. CAEPT. President.
ARTHT/R LEGALLET Vice- PrcatdasC
LEON BOt'QUEKAZ. Secretary.
JOHN C1XTT. Aast. Secretary.
orar cross:
Dr. E. ArUrses. Ctaa. Carpy. Leoa KauSnaa,
O. Bczlo. J. B. Clot. A. Roo».
Leon Bocqu«ra2. J. M. Dupas. A. Lesallet.
J. A. Bereerot. J. S. Godeau. 3. J. Mack.
Interest * paid oa deposits. Loans mad* cm
Real Estate and approved aecurltiesw
STATEMENT
; CONDITION* ANT> AFFAIRS -
OF THE
North British and
Mercantile
INSURANCE COMPANY
"iP LONDON. EXGLA.VD, ON THE 313T
of December. A. D.. 1903. aad for ta«
><»ar endini; nn that day, aa ir-ade to tha Ia-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 810
aad 611 of the Political Code, condensed a*
per black furnished by tae Commissioner:
CAPITAL. ," .;
Amount of Capital Stock. paJd
up In CasH 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company.. $3,133,327 0&
Loans on Bocrts and Mortgages. 193.003 4O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 14,753,303 10
Cash In Company's Of2c« 24.632 •*
Cash la Banks T13.C33 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 73,173 40
Premiums tn dae course of Col-
lection 357.68374
Bills, receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Bisks. 27.513 45
Due from other Companies for
Reinsurance oa losses already
paid S80.T7S19
Agents* Balances 1.5&.C3 £S
Doe from other. Companies for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid. Life Department 22.16S 43
Total Assets S2L274.310 »
• —
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjastsd and nnp*ld....l
Losses In process of adjust-
ment cr la suspense \ (1.163,309 43
Losses resisted, including ex- I
penses J
Cross premiums on Fir* Risks
running om year or less.
57.233.S31. 33; reinsurance 50 per
cent " 3,CS.913ST
Amount reclatmable by the In-
sured on perpetual policies.... 13.543 44
Superannuation fund 432, 702 23
Due to other companies for re-
insurance 760.001 45
AU other Liabilities 144.729 19
Total Liabilities S6.132.903 33
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire Premiums |» r 201.0C233
Received for Interest and Divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. T.^rt^_
and from all other sources ..... S73.399 VI ¦
Received for Transfer fees ...... «55 «3
Total Income $9,777^37 75
EXPENDITURES. " *
JC«t amount paid for Flr» Losses
(Including leases of previous
years) f4.TW.234 53
Dividends to Stockholders 852.223 09
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokers** : 1.S8O.237 IS
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for ofncersi. clerks, etc. 1.473,773 33
Paid for State. - National and
Local Taxes 17.71160
AU other payments and expend-
itures 1X463S8
Total Expenditures XS,S38.«08 4d
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year.. $4,636,343 23
Hlsks and Premiums] Fire Risks. • Premiums.
Net amount of rlsksL
written during the}
year (J3.478.162.330 $9,101,902 S3
Net amount of risks!
expired during; the!
year ( 3.335. 420. S13 9.2S7.4S3 1«
Net amount la force;
December 31. KKC| 3.071.811.143 7.233.331 33
W. T. PRICE. Manas?r.
ROBERT CARMICHAEI* Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 12th
day- of AariU 1304.
JOHN C. NEWTON. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
TOM C 6BAHT, teal Jgent,
212 PINE STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO.
/^"*V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M KB 6liO KEABST *T. Kstablliaed
J3tT5»'iCfliii is.VI for tae tr-ataiMit nf I'rtTsti*
BLJjh-&3 Uiw»se». I^>»t M»iiL.-*i. n-M!!t>or
EtgSSjfif^ ¦*'«»««" weartnjron rxidy and mtn.i and
Di^n-^es. T&e Doctor enre^when
others fail. Try him. ChanP-8 low.
cuarnnlrrJ. C>!iorw(U«.
*»«. J- v. annnv. Has Fraodkco. CjU.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦_'_-'•-•-; _ _ " ,_'.-•
jj -\~l Tha Stores With tha fcj
I MAGNETIC PRICES i
B oi.sosr coaxFAinr. f
4 813 Kaxxet Street. w i
¦ Tel. Main 890. j 1 i
« I OI.SOH'S MATtTTRT. f I
B 911-913 Market Street. M \
M I TeL South 333. | W j
I Fancj Greamsry Batter |i
J a Sqoare • ... • . *^>Jw 1
f Price' Cut* in the Meat Sept. V
¦E Prime BoastBeef.lb.13c B
¦ Fork Sausage, lb.. ..10c I
A Zrfunb Stew, lh ....... 5c B
¦\ Sonsd Steak, lh 8c - M
b Tj«st of Pork. U> 10c I '
A Shoulder of Perk. lt>.av=c a
w raacy Mixed Nuts, lb 15c V
9 All kinds. Reg. 20c. . B
§ Kev Royal Cherries, can. . . .10c 1
1 '• Reg. 20c .doz. S1.00 M
¦ Flavor of fresh cherries. M
A Flak Beans, new crop. 8 lbs.. 35c 1
m T»hla Sherry and Fort "Wine m
A Reg. 1 5c gul. 5Oe 1
T Bella Blanca Brandy, bot..' . .75c W
a Pure — fcr table or medicinal use — a
¦» cheap enough fcr cooking or mince- I
¦ meat. Reg. Jl.CO. 1
¦ Picnic Haras, sugar cared. Id.. 8c 1
a Fine for boiling. C
5 Old Private Stock Fort 'Wine. ... §
B .10 years old. ral. 31.OO ¥
* Fresno County vintage. Reg. SI SO. . ¦
m St. La'wrence Vineyard. Keg free; O
H in 5 or 10 gallon lots. Remember B
# your Eastern friends with a k?g. V
0 mil Weight Creamery Batter. . 1
1 Strictly fancy ¦q.uaxe 45c , I
I Old Xentnckr Dew -^J
fc> Whiskey. jral...sa.25 if\
F> Rye or Bourbon, dis- ra#
B£> tilled 1 «!).">. Ind«i>end- S^n
Egg ent distillery. Reg. fX
B8 f anc y G|us^ r Rai3ns
W; 4 lbs for 25c $|f
gtt*j& Yctmr Claret JfSsS
¦ViCr ¦Wine. sral. 25o EiSf
BfcjC&L Special Burtrnn- JSvffii
dy or Cabernet, >&r\^L
%<)&& "Bella " iilanca. .iSs^l
frZ&er rich, fruity ar.d »<=?? f
Sj£*f3 delicious: ripe y W \
gyil for bottlin?. Res. m
RstM^T Motf s 2To W jgf^^Bl
hm! 10 lbs 25c Wjf
' WK?*i Wilscn's Bye WMs-
B^^a key. bot. 85c Bfflft
gp Old McBrayer Whis- e £S
§3j£ key. 13"Jt>. f ull qt.8Oc m&
BnU9 Mellow ami smooth: IhSm
E^g high proof. Recr. *1. 25. ffaHfl
fi^lf H. B. Bye or Bour- K
Ktfgj .toon Whiskey, re.?. rjfiS
feJM $1.10. bot 90c BS*&
regCT An<1 lts a11 whi.*ky.
MSbS Silver Crescent or Wfiff&
BB&Bj American Gold &Eir4
SS Whiskey, rnll qt^Oc 5S-
Wf^g i-traisht Bourbon. 6^3
Ilk 18 lbs Dry- Granulated Mm
Sugar $1.00 jJ£&Breaks Leg at Football.
Organize on" the Ohio.
A Christian Endeavor. Society was
organized on the battleship Ohio Sat
urday, by the Golden Gate Christian
Endeavor Union. ; ,The new organiza
tion, which contains forty members, is
the largest .floating branch of the
order. The officers are:. R. W. Moul
ton, .president; J.-W. Skinner, -vice
president; W. R. Tiddens, - treasurer;
W. , A. Phibbrick, recording secretary,
and.E. A. Norman,": corresponding sec
retary.: .. . : :
Mine Secretary FaJls to His Death
While Ascending Shaft
In Utah.
SALT LAKE, Nov. ; 13. — Judge Mor
ris ; Sommer, secretary of the Steele
Consolidated ' Mining Company, "fell
fifteen feet down a shaft at the,com
pany's mine , at : Park City . to-day " and
was instantly killed. - It" la'J supposed
an attack of heart failure- caused* him
to lose Jiis hold on the ladder which
he was climbing after having Inspect
ed the qre'.bodyl'.;*Judge' Sommer had
been prominent" in -business and; po
litical affars in. Utah for several years.
' INDORSEMENT COMMITTEE MAKES
REPORT. — Oakland. "Nov. 13. — The Charities
Indorsement Committee has 'made a report ln
dorslns' the West Oakland Home,: the new
Century Club, the Associated f Charities and
the Seamen's Rest. The members of the com
mittee are; H.' C. Capwelr and : J. D. ; Richard
eon* for -the Board: of Trade,:* A; Jonas- and D.
C* i Brown /for' the ; Merchants' ' Exchange, and
John £>. Isaacs for the Associated Charities. .
HEART SUDDENLY FAILS
AS MAX CLIMBS LADDER
The team took fright at the explo
sion, but passers- by, attracted by the
report,, went to. the assistance, of the
wounded man and drove him to town.
Medical attention was unavailing.
Banovich was . about 33 years old.
Other . details, concerning .him or his
death were not obtainable' to-night at
the Coroner's office.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13. — Word was re
ceived to-night at the Coroner's ; of
fice of the accidental shooting of J. D.
Banovich. a traveling salesman, near
Livermore this afternoon. Banovich
was driving toward the town with a
little girl, supposed to be his daughter.
He had started to get a loaded shot
gun from beneath the seat to shoot at
game near the roadside. As Banovich
drew the weapon toward him it ex
ploded, the charge tearing through
the right side of his chest. He died
soon afterward.
TrnvcHnjc Salesman Meets With Fatal
Accident While Getting Weapon
to Fire at Game.
KILLS HIMSELF WITH
CHARGE FROM SUOTGUX
OAKLAND, Nov. 13. — The Tenth
avenue Baptist Church choir gave a
praise service to-night, singing ex
clusively productions of Dudley Buck.
The soloists were Miss Mary Chester
Williams, soprano; Miss Florine Juil
lerat, contralto; Alfred C. Read, bass;
G. C. Mariner, tenor. Miss Ida M.
Fording was organist The service
was under direction of O. AI. Vesper,
choirmaster.
Archdeacon Emery gave an account
to-day at Trinity Episcopal Church of
the work accomplished at the general
convention recently held at Boston.
The Rev. Guy W. .Wadsworth of L03
Angeles preached to-day at Brooklyn
Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. William B. Noble, D. L>.,
synodical missionary, preached to-day
at the First Presbyterian Church. This
evening the pulpit was occupied by
the Rev. E. H. Hadlbck, field secretary
of the State Christian Endeavor So
ciety. . .
The Rev. Thomas F. Day, D.. D., of
the San, Francisco .Theological Semi
nary conducted services- to-day at
Centennial Presbyterian Church.
At the First Congregational Church
Jhis morning the sermon was preached
by the Rev. William H. Hopkins, pas
tor of the First Congregational Church
of ¦ Berkeley.
.TheRev. W. M. McCari^pastor of
the First Baptist Church' of Chico, oc
cupied the pulpit this morning at Cal
vary Baptist Church.
Miss Estella Fassett and the Rev.
E. R. Dille. pastor of the First Metho
dist Church, delivered addresses j to
day to the young people of the church.
Congregations Hear Discourses From
Clergymen Who Arc Sojourning
in the City of/ Oaks. .
VISITING PASTORS IX
PULPITS OF OAKLAND
.rrake a final settlement with all of you peo
pl«." HI* actions frighten-d me terribly, and
my dauirhtrr trif-d to quiet her husband. She
cried to him. "bera, act like a good fellow.
You've frigMened mother aod you had better
leave."
With that Campbfll, my daughter and my
self went out into the hallway. Campbell took
hiF oorcuai, put it over hla left arm and I
started to coen the front door. As I did I
saw the flash and heard the report. Laura
grasped her side, crying, "Oh. mother,"
turned and run into the dining-room. 8ne
kept on through the kitchen, out Into the back
yard and hid under the windmill there.
Campbell followed her to th» kitchen and fired
a second shot 'aa she ran out of the back door.
The bullet etruck the door casing and lodged
In the back porch. Then he ran back through
the house, grahbed Mr. Cutler's hat. leaped
down the front- «t»p« and disappeared.
CAMPBELL'S VERSION.
Campbell asserts that he shot his
wife because he feared she would shoot
him. After sullenly refusing all day to
talk about the case he made the fol
lowing; statement to-night to Police
Captain W. J. Petersen:
My -Kit* had been trying to feat me to return
ana live with her. But I would not do so t>e
caua« of her conduct toward me. Eh« had
been telephoning for me to go to the. house,
and that was why I went there last night.
After she had asked me t» return I told her
I should not.
."You've ruined me," I said, "and I shall
not h&re anything more to do with you.":. -
"Well, you're mine anyway until the 17th of
thi» month," replied my wife, meaning until
the interlocutory decree had expired. She cofi-
Unu«d: "I'll keep you anyway."
We quarreled and 1 showed my pistol. As I
did so she said:
"I've, as good a pistol e» you have."
I didn't knew whether she bad or not, and
then I shot her. ,
Campbell complained that his wife*
had accused him of associating with
other women. He, in return, had
charged her with keeping company
with other men. Campbell said he went
as far as Pinole after he fled from
tbe scene of the shooting, but returned
to OaklarfU. While coming through
Emeryville Campbell was stopped by a
deputy constable, who took away his
ptatol. The officer, apparently, had not
learned of the shooting, and did not
know the man's identity, for no at
tempt had been made to detain the
fugitive. Later Ahern arrested' him,,
Campbell lives at 869 Filbert street.
OAKLAND, New 13.— With his bead
swathed In bandages covering a mass
of cuts and bruises, Lem Campbell, the
butcher who murderously shot his di
vorced wife, Mrs. Laura Cutler Camp
bell, at her parents' residence. 1262
Eleventh street, last night, because she
refused to live w ith him again, present
ed a miserable spectacle to-day at the
City Prison. No formal charge has
been registered against Campbell,
pending the result of the bullet wound.
Though Mrs. Campbell is very ser
iously injured. Dr. R. T. Stratton. the
receiving hospital euwgeon. said there
vu n fair chance of recovery. Cora -
plications from the wound are the only
obet&cles that ar* feared. Either blood
poisoning or peritonitis might ensue,
said the surgeon. Otherwise the young
woman's case is hopefuL The bullet
that wounded Mtb. Campbell struck a
corset «teel and carried the metal rib
doubled up Into her body. Almost mir
aculously, neither the bullet nor the
steel touched any part of the vital
organs In 'its passage. . Both the mis
sile ajid the steel were removed. ¦
HUSBAND FIGHTS POLICEMAN.
Alter the shooting Campbell's' flieht
was followed by an alarm which 8et
every policeman in town on the track.
The detectives have not traced his
movements up to the time he was 6een
by Policeman Ahern this moraine at
Seventeenth and Peralta streets.
Ahern was standing there talking with
two men when be saw Campbell, whom
he knew, walking toward the sroup.
Ahern thought the butcher would run
if b« saw the policeman, who hid be
hind the men with whom he was talk
ing. But Instead of running, Camp
bell made a movement of one hand as
if to reach for a pistol. They were bo
close that Ahern pulled bis pistol, at
the eame time grabbing Campbell's
hand, but finding it empty.
The butcher opened fight at once and
gave Ahern a hard tussle. The patrol
man got his handcuffs into Dlav. and
battered the man into submission. As
soon as Campbell was subdued he was
manacled and s«nt to the Receiving
Hospital and patched up. while his
wife was groaning in pain there from
the wound he had inflicted.
• "I have nothing to say," declared
Campbell to the police and to. all
others that tried to gain his version
of the 6hootlng.
The pistol which Campbell used was
found to-day at O'Meara's saloon.
Thirty-seventh street and San Pablo
avenue, where it had been left bv a
stranger. The weapon was emoty and
the hammer was thrown back and
Jammed so badly that it could not be
sprung.
MOTHER TELLS OF SHOOTING.
Mrs. Campbell has feared her former
husband. She knew the time was near
when her divorce from him would be
come final, nearly a »year having
elaps/>d since the interlocutory decree
was entered.' Her troubles that led to
the divorce were due, her parents de
clare, to Campbell's cruelty and in
temperance. When he went to the
Cutler residence last - evening he was
somewhat under the influence of lUjuor.
Both Edwin Cutler, the father of Mrs.
Campbell, and the young woman's
mother, who were present during the
first stajres of the trouble that caused
the ehootlng, agreed that Campbell
was In an ugly state, of mind. Mrs.
Cutler was a witness to' the shootiner.
She raid to-day:
My daughter. Campbell, Mr. Cutlw and my
•rtf wrrr glttlr;* in the parlor whm Ctnjpbell
suilad out a pin ., Frying-. "I've come here to .
OAKLAND lilTCIiER ANL> HIS DIVOKCED WIFE. WHOM HE SHOT AND SE
RIOVEL.Y WOI'NDED'UN SATURDAY XIUHT BECAUSE BHE WOULD NOT
RETURN AND LIVE WITH HIM AGAIN.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 13.— While making
her way down a steep stairway at her
home on Post and .Madison streets
early this morning Mrs. Annie Serena
Christensen stumbled and fell to the
bottom. She was on her .way to call
her daughter, Mrs.. Lapham.. When as
sistance reached her she was found
dead. Fatty degeneration* of the heart
is given as the cause of the woman's
demise by Dr. J. A. Hiley, who was
summoned to attend her'and who per
formed an autopsy.
Mrs. Christensen was a pioneer of
this city and had lived with her daugh
ter, Mrs. Carrie Lapham, in the house
where. she met death. It was her cus
tom to awaken her daughter every
morning so that the latter, who is em
ployed as a ticket agent by the South
ern Pacific Company, could catch the
first train for West Alameda station.
Mrs. Christensen was performing her
usual duty this morning when she fell.
Mrs. Lapham was aroused by the noise
made by her mother in rolling down
the stairway and immediately sought
help. When the physician arrived at
the residence he found Mrs. Christen
sen beyond his skill.
Mrs. Christensen was the mother of
Dr. Edmund C. Christensen, Dr. G. A.
Christensen, Henry, C. Christensen and
Mrs. Carrie Lapham. She was 84 years
of age and a native of Norway.
An inquest will be held at the local
branch morgue Tuesday evening at 7
o'clock. -: *
Mrs. £liristensen Expires
While Walking in the Dark
Down a Steep Stairway
WOMAN FALLS
TO HER DEATH
GRANTS PASS. Ore.. Nov. 13.— On
his last trip out over the pack-trail
from West Fork across the Coast
Range Mountains to Marial. Mail Car
rier McKenzie and a party of mininK
men * that he was guidinK over the
mountains, were confronted by a huse
black bear. The big bear squared him
self on the trail and showed fleht. re
fusing to let the party pass. The min
ing men, who were Indiana capitalists
and unaccustomed to encounters with
ferocious bears, suffered an exoerience
they had never before known, and
signified their willingness to give the
bear the right of way.
McKenzie was different. He Is a
mail carrier in the employ of Uncle
Sam and gives the road to nobodv.
bears included. He drew his rifle, and
when bruin raised himself on hla
haunches and opened wide his Jaws, a
well directed shot from the carrier's
rifle pierced his heart. After some lit
tle time order was restored amonsr the
Hoosier capitalists and the Journey
was resumed.
McKenzie, who has been on this mail
route for several years," says he ha3
seen more bears this year than ever
before. He has killed a half dozen
without dismounting. .
ST. AGNES PARISH WILL
HAVE A BIG BENEFIT
Berkeley Office of Ban Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. Nov. 14.
Most interesting of the events
scheduled to occur at the university
during the coming week is the produc
tion by Ben Greefs company of Pro
fessor CM. Gayley's miracle play,
VThe Star of Bethlehem." Rehearsals
are now being held, and on Wednesday
evening the finished production will be
made. The Greek theater will be the
scene of the performance jf the weather
is such as to permit of an outdoor per
formance. In event of rain or heavy
fog, Harmon gymnasium will be used
by the actors. Seats have been on sale
at the Co-operative store for a week,
and a great deal of interest in the affair
has bee.n displayed.
Among the other events of note dur
ing the week is the first Interclass
handicap field day, on the university
campus, next Saturday afternoon.
The semi-annual open meeting of the
associated graduate students is to be
addressed by Dr. Elmer E. Brown. It
will be held in Hearst Hall on Saturday
evening.
Quarter hour prayer meetings will be
held at Stiles Hall each day at 9 o'clock
in the morning, under the direction of
Rev. Herman Hopkins. ¦ -
Robert Dupouey is to deliver a
French lecture on "The Paris of the
Parisians'.Mn East Hall at 4 o'clock on
Tuesday, to which the public has been
invited.
Le Cercle Francais Is to give a dra
matic production in the Alpha Phi
house Tuesday evening.
The Associate Graduate students will
hold a graduate hour in the assay
laboratory of the mining building on
Friday.
The annual sophomore-freshman de
bate will be held at Stiles Hall on Fri
day night, while at the same time the
seniors will have their assembly in
Hearst Hall.
Dr. F. S. Wrinch of the philosophy
department will give a public talk Fri
day night at the meeting of the Philo
sophical Union in the Philosophy build
ing.
PATRIARCH MILITANT TO GIVE
BENEFIT AT LIBERTY THEATER
Musical Entertainment at the Alham
bra to Liquidate the Indebtedness
of the Church.
An enjoyable evening is assured to
all those who attend the literary and
musical entertainment to be given at
the Alhambra Theater on the evening
of November 24 by the members of
St. Agnes Society.
An attractive and interesting pro
gramme has been prepared, the com
mittee in charge having been most
fortunate in their selections of those
who will participate. Among the lat
ter will be Miss Mary Carrlck, for
whom a most brilliant musical future
is predicted by competent critics by
reason of her rare technique and ex
traordinary expression.
Judge ' Frarfk J. Murasky will act
as chairman of the evening. The com
mittees in charge are as follows:
General committee — William Cro
nan, Edward H. Coleman, James
Flanagan, John W. McDonald Jr., J.
F. Sullivan, Rev. Father Collins, P. A.
McDonald, James T. Fennell. Dr.
Joseph A. Carew, William T. Martin.
John J. McCarthy, Thomas Lundy, E.
S. Lowry, James J. Daly, D. D. Low
ney, John H. Sheehan, P. J. Lynch,
L. F. Walsh, William Carrick, John
White, Arthur Reilly.
Entertainment committee — E. N.
Fritz, Frank J. Murasky, Rev. Father
Collins.
Programme committee — John H.
Sheehan.
REAL ESTATE TRANS ACTION'S.
Unique Bazaar to Be Held at Market-
Street Congregational Church.
Other Social Event^
•OAKLAND. Nov. 13. — Canton No.
,1J, Patriarchs Militant, will give a
benefit at the , Liberty Theater on,
Wednesday evening, November 23, and
already a large number of tickets have
been disposed of for that performance.
During that week Bishop's company
of players will present "The Merchant
of Venice." As the play Is one which
always proves popular, and all the
members of the company are striving
to outdo each other in the sale of
tickets for the benefit, the result
should be a crowded house on tliat
evening.
On Wednesday evening, Nov. 30, the
Alameda Boat Club, one of the most
popular organizations of its kind on
the coast, will give a theater party at
the Liberty Theater and the members
of the club are determined to make
the affair one of the successes of the
season.
The Christian Endeavor Society of
the Market - street Congregational
Church is ' arranging a bazaar to be
held on Thursday and Friday even
ings, November 17 and 18. Seven
booths have been erected, each of
which will represent a typical street of
some nation. The following nationali
ties have already been selected: Candy
booth, Grecian; fancy articles, Japan
ese; coffee, Spanish; icecream. Amer
ican; lemonade, German; fishpond,
Chinese. Those in charge of each
booth will be garbed In the dress of
the nation which the booth represents.
A musical and literary programme has
been arranged for each evening.
The 1904 Whist Club will • give a
prize tournament at Alcatraz Hall, in
West Oakland, on Friday evening, No
vember 20. Play will commence at
8:30 o'clock. The prize committee
has provided twelve handsome prizes.
LEAVES YOUNG FRIEND
A HANDSOME LEGACY
By the Will of the Late Julia T. Moss,
Filed Saturday, Alice Morgan
Barber Receives $76,000. '
OAKLAND, Nov. 13. — With no near
relatives with a claim upon her, the
late Julia T. Moss leaves a large -part
of her estate, valued at $165,000, to
Miss Alice- Morgan Barber of Ham
burg, Germany. The deceased was the
owner of the property known as the
Mosswood on Broadway and also owns
cash and stocks amounting to many
thousands of dollars. ,
Miss Barber, the decedent states,
had been her friend for many years.
To reward her for her unselfishness
she . bequeaths to her a place at
Berchtesgaden, Bavaria, worth about
$40,000, and cash and stocks, which
bring her legacy up to $75,000. The
rest of the estate is divided among
twenty nephews and nieces of the late
husband of the deceased.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 13.
The influence of the Republican vic
tory in the recent election has already
had a marked effect on the local real
estate market, and in the short interval
since the result of the election was
known there has been an increase in
the demand for property In this city.
This increase has been principally for
business property in the mercantile
districts, and several dealers report
that almost as soon as it was definitely
known that the Republican party had
been victorious at the polls the mar
ket, which had been quiet during the
two weeks preceding the election, re
sumed its wonted activity.
One firm has begun arrangements for
the auction sale of several large, cen
trally located business properties. It
is expected that the sale will take place
In about three weeks. The auction
sales heretofore held in Oakland have
been so successful that it has been
decided to dispose of business property
in the same manner. The sale will be
held by the Realty Bonds and Finance
Company, but the exact location of the
property to be .sold has not yet been
made public-
A recent canvass of the hotels shows
that the influx of people from Eastern
States, which has been expected for
this winter, has already begun. Many
riewcomers have expressed the liveliest
satisfaction in the climate and natural
advantages of Oakland. There is but
little doubt that a number of these
visitors will decide to locate perma
nently in this city. In fact, several
have.^already been making inquiries as
to the location and price of residence
property, and one or two have inquired
as to the possibility of securing good
business or manufacturing sites.
FRUITVALE GROWS.
The eastern part of Oakland and
Fruitvale are now coming to the front
with rapid strides. Property In the
former locality^ which has been lying
idle for years, 'has been placed on the
market within the last three months,
and in some cases has been sold almost
as soon as offered. The population
of Fruitvale has doubled within the last
three years, and 75 per cent of the in
crease has been within the last twelve
months. There are now twenty-three
hundred school children" In the district.
Building operations continue with
unabated activity in spite of the near
approach of the, rainy weather, and it
looks ' as If contractors Intended to
make use of every pleasant day during
the winter. • .- • - -
The Oakland Real Estate Association
held its regular meeting yesterday aft
ernoon at the Metropole Hotel. Owing:
to the fact that the election was just
over there was but little business to be
transacted, and after a brief discussion
of minor business details the members
adjourned to the dining-room for the
monthly luncheon. About thirty mem
bers of the association attended the
meeting.
Frank J. Woodward of the Realty
Bonds and Finance Company, in ais
cussing the Influence of the election on
the realty market, said:
There Is no doubt that the victory of the
Republican party has had a stimulating effect
on the market, and, personally. I believe that
the assurance that the present administration
will continue in power will greatly Increase
our winter business. W« have within the last
two days secured contracts for the sal* of
several large business properties, which would
not have been placed on the market had th»
election gone the other ¦way.
We will sell this property at auction and
I expect that the oale will be held within a
month. The Realty Bonds and Finance Com
pany has held several auctions during the last
year, and we have met with so much success
in these sales that we are encouraged to aell
business property in the same way. The prop,
erty heretofore sold at auction has been lo
cated in outlying districts and was suited
only for residence sites.
EASTERNERS INQUIRE.
George W. Austin of the Austin Real
Estate Company said:
Residents of Oakland have no idea how
many Eastern people have already arrived
here to spend the winter, but It Is a fact that
there is hardly a hotel In the city that has
not from two to a dozen families from Eastern
Htates. Many of these people have come here
for the' first time, and some of them are «ven
now considering the purchase ot property, in
tending to locate permanently In this city.
The market was rather quiet during the re
cent political campaign, but now that the elec
tion Is over business will soon pick up again;
In fact, the Influence of the Republican vic
tory has already been felt In real estate clr
clfls People who were inclined to hold off
until after the election now seem ready to go
ahead with business. We have several trans
actions pending, which I think will be closed
by the end of November.
BERKELEY, Nov. 13. — Another new
business block is being erected in
Berkeley, at the corner of Telegraph
avenue and Bancroft way, which will
be a marked addition to the improve
ments of the town. The new structure
is being built by Louis Titus, president
of the Berkeley Development Company,
and is owned by that company. It will
be three stories in height and occupies
a ground space 130 by 130 feet.
Eight stores will be located on the
ground floor, five fronting, on Telegraph
avenue and three on Bancroft way.
The second floor will be occupied by of
fice's and apartments and the third floor
will be devoted to apartments only. >
FUNERAIi OF M. M. DUNN
TO BE HELD TO-MORROW
THINKS INCENDIARY
BURNED HIS HOUSE
Pactus told the Sheriff's .office to
day, he had been informed that per
sons residing nearthe destroyed resi
dence saw a man run away from the
place shortly before the flames broke
out. .The identity/ of the person is a
mystery.. . Pactus declared he , could
not give a clew that, might help the
officers. The. dwelling; was vacant
Pactus is employed _by the Southern
Pacific Cqmpany. . < .
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— A cottage on
Fruitvale avenue, near Hopkins street,
was burned last njght under circum
stances that have enlisted official in
quiry, i According to the storytold by
neighbors, to "John Pactus, owner of
the burned dwelling, the place was set
afire. ¦; /
Owner of Fruitvale Cottage Says
Neighbors Saw Suspicions Actions
About the Time of Fire.
; , OAKLAND, Nov. 1 3.— The funeral
oft Mrs.- Mary; A. Chabot, wife of the
late Anthony. Chabot, " will take, place
Tuesday ; af ternon at ¦ .' 2 o'clock from
the ' Chabot 1 residence, « 104 East Fif-"
teenth' street. :.• ¦'_" ,-
Mrs.- Chabot's Funeral.
Pioneer Capitalist of Oakland Passes
Away at His Home at an Ad
vanced Age.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13. — The funeral
of Martin M. Dunn, a well-known re
tired capitalist of this city, who died
last night at. his residence, 536 Twen
ty-fourth street, aged 80 years, will
be held Tuesday at 10 a. m. from St.
Francis de Sales Church, where re
quiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul.
The deceased v?as a native of
Ireland and came t6 California in the
early pioneer days. Later he made a
large fortune in real estate. He leaves
a wife, Matilda Dunn, and seven chil
dren. Dr. Martin J. Dunn. Dr. James
P. H. Dunn, Dr. John M. Dunn, Dr.
William L. Dunn, Miss Margaret, Miss
Mary and Miss Alice Dunn.
The remains will be interred in St.
Mary's Cemetery. ,
Alameda County.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12.
Sarah A. Austin (single) to J. C. Baker. lot
on NW corner of Cypress and Third streets, \V
b:>:lV 2 by X 125, lota 22 to 24. block 472. map
double block 472. Oakland; $1U. •
Wellington Jr. and Leonid Gregg f» Brio F.
Hultberg. lot on E line of Chestnut street. 203
S of Railroad avenue (Seventh), thence S 83.2U.
E 122, etc., N 86.43. W 132 to beglnnin*, Oak
land; also lot on W line of Linden street. 197
S of Seventh. S 64.65 by W 132, etc, abov»
pieces of portion of block 480, Oakland; $10.
Fred O. Balrd (as administrator estate of
Ellen M. Batrd) to James H. Pedgrlft (mar
ried), lot on »K line ot Eleventh avenue, 0O
— from SW line of East Twenty-thlni street.
SW 50 by SB 120. portion double bock IX).
Clinton. East Oakland; $13C0.
. Nellie Greenwood to Monroe Greenwood Es
tate Company, lot IS, block D. map Peralta
Heights, quitclaim deed. East Oakland; $10.
James H. Campbell (widower} to Isaao L.
Saxton. lot on S line of Twenty-eighth avenue.
T5 SW ot East Eleventh street. SW 25 by SB
75. .block X, Kr.owloj & Potter subdivision.
Kennedy Tract. East Oakland: $10.
Sarah H. R. Hume (widow) to David and
Olevia Crai~. lot on .SW corner of Haste and
Milvla (or Tremor.t) streets. W 60. 8 135, B
CO, N 135.4S. lot I. block. 6. map blocks 5 and
0. Barker Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Pauline Bxkcrn < widow) to George Waslar
(son), lot on E line of Fulton street, 9O 8 of
Blake, S 43 by E 125, lot 40. block 1454. Berke
ley property, roars. 1 and 2, Blake Tract.
Berkeley: gift.
Mary E. Rlsley (widow) to William Somers
Rlsley. Sot on N line of Endnal avenue. 450 H
High street E 25 by K 110. being W 23 feet
of lot 10. Hlrshfeld Tract. Alameda; $10.
Frank Clarke to Emma H. Durward (single),
lot 12. block J. "Broadway Terrace, from £post
on Bryant street 102 feet and 2t> inches *vv to
a post, thence S 25 feet to a post E 0C feet 21
Inches to a post, X 25 to a post, the .place of
beginning (as recorded). Oakland; $10.
W. C. B. and Ellen O. de Fremery to Rosa
lie Church (wife of Lincoln S.). lot on NE line
of Falnnount avenue. 126.80 NJV of Its Inter
section with W line of Walsworth avenue. NW
CO by NE 115, lot 7. map subdivision lot '.I
Waldworth 100-acre Tract, etc.. Oakland: *!•>
Bettia E. Wyatt (widow) to J. W.. Kadell
lot on X line of Twenty-fifth or Laurel street.
150 W of Telegraph avenue. W 40 by N 100
Oakland; $10.
Thomas Moran (widower) and Charles A.
and Mary O. Rossier to James and P«ter f*
Brown, lot at intersection of W line of San
Pnblo avenue with X Un<» plat "S, map R V
and D. Peralta, etc.. SE 2C8.60 W 430 M
208.60. E 430. to Emeryville. Oakland Town
ship; $10.
The Realty Syndicate tr> J. T. Smith (mar
ried). .N 50 f-et of lot 30 and S 12:B of lot
SI, map of .Piedmont Springs Tract, D and
A.; $10.
Scentc Park Realty Co. (corporation) to The
odore Robertson. lot on 8 line of Le Chnt«
av-nue. 125 E of Euclid avenue, S 140 by K
50. lot 9, block 12. Daley's Scenio Park Berke
ley: $10.
?ar2h A. McKee (widow) by S. B. McKe*
(attorney) to Adolph and Anna K. Wldell lot
25. block 5. map Santa Fe Tract No. 3 deed
and agreement. Berkeley; $10.
John Sheridan to Thomas Christie, lot on W
line of Third street. 10O 8 Rose S 105 by
W 133. lots 11 to 14. block 32. Tract B Berke
ley Lend and Town Improvement Association.
P-rkcley; $10.
W. Frederick Brock to James Hamilton, alt
Interest in lot on S line of Hasta street. ISO
E of Ellsworth. W 130 by S 63, quitclaim
de*d. Berkel-y; Jlo.
De Winter and Nellie M. Winter to J. F.
Sc-nman. 1st at Intersection of E line of Sprinsr
street with S boundary, line of N V,ot plat
84. mat- of Spring street, opening thtnee SB
tlW.Ofi. SE ICO. NW 1.">O. X to beginning be
ing portion of plat «U. Kellersbjrger's map IS.
V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley: X10.
BERT REYNOLDS GOES TO SANTA
ROSA— Oakland, Nov. , 13.— W. B. Reynolds,
formerly business manager of a local evening
paper,, has gone to Santa Rosa to take edito
rial control of the Santa Rosa Republican, in
which publication he has bought a half inter
est. . His .nartner in the venture is W. H
James, former business manager of the Sacra
mento Bee. - •
CHAUGEC* WITH KILLING LARKS —
Oakland. Nov.' 13.— Harry Rubino. .a shoe
maker residing at. Seventh and Market streets.
Was arrested to-day by Deputy Game Warden
J. P. Herring on a charge of unlawfully shoot
in* meadow larks at Frultval*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Frightens Indiana Capital
ists, but Comes to Grief
at Hands of the Carrier
In the new list of stolen articles ap
pears a pair of field glasses taken
from Steffanoni's ' and photographic
supplies frjim Wood's.
Patrolman Shannon will be called be T
fore the Police Commissioners to-mor
row morning, when that, officer will
shed, some light upon the misdoings
of his less scrupulous fellow policemen.
He has explained in , brief to some of
his superiors that he had refused to
btand in and did not propose to permit
such actions on the part of any "man
on his beat, policemen not excepted.
Prosecuting Attorney Leach will not
be ready until to-morrow to give a de
cibion touching the sufficiency of the
evidence with which the four men
were confronted and that led to their
resignations.
Slowly there is. coming to light some
of the inside d«tall» of the means that
were adopted to bring to book the pa
trolmen and their delinquent sergeant.
It appears that the pilfering by police
men had been a anatter of common
gossip among some of the men at least
for months. In a way it got around
to . one of the newest appointees, Po
liceman Michael Shannon, a big, stal
wart Irishman, who -looked askance' at
some of the peculiar occurrences that
come under his- keen eyes. One night
ho. stood in a doorway and watched
Clark and Stahl fumbling about the
doorway of James Cahill's wall-paper
store on Thirteenth street, near Broad
way. They saw him after a while and
moved away. ! Shannon, suspecting
something was wrong, got under cover
and was rewarded by observing one
of the men later carry off a bundle of
wall paper that had been taken from
the store and hidden in the doorway
of the Merritt Hotel, a few doors away.
Special Policeman Newell Goodwin,
with Shannon, saw Clark and Hamer
ton enter the Buswell Paint Company's
store, 904 Broadway, take out a can of
paint and hide it In the entrance of
the Blake & Moffitt building. Sergeant
of Police Frank Lynch was notified,
and the can of paint was seized as
evidence.. It is in the possession of
Chief Hodgkins.
According to the data in hand no
less than seventeen business houses in
the heart of the retail district have
been visited at various times by one or
more of the men who have been dis
missed. Some of the information con
cerning the pilferings has been given
to the police officials by the men them
selves in their confessions. Other facts
have been furnished, by / Shannon,
Goodwin and Sergeant Lynch, who for
weeks had been«watching the suspected
men- The complete list of stores so
far as uncovered to date follows:
Horace D. EHason, stationer. 115? Broad*
way.
P. Flynn, dry goods." Bacon block. Twelfth
street, near- Washington.
Moss Glove Company, 455 Thirteenth street.
Harry B. Cushing, grocer, 628 Thirteenth
atreet.
Eastern Outfitting Company. Thirteenth and
Clay streets.
Samuel H. Steward, - leather finding*. 406
Twelfth street. • ~-
Crescent City Corset Company, 64 San Pablo
avenue. ¦•• ¦ -• ¦ • ¦ ¦ ,
James. Cahill * Co., wall paper, etc.* 408
Twelfth street.
Buawell Paint Company. 004' Broadway. . •
Sbarboro & Co.% hardware, Broadway, near
Seventh street.
• Clothing store, formerly on Broadway, be
tween Seventh and Kighth.
P.-N.-Kum, painter and decorator. 53 San
Pablo avenue.
¦ Theodore Gler Company, wine and liquor
merchant*, Oil Fourteenth and 015 Washing
ton streets. ' , ;
¦ Smith Bros.,' stationers, 562 Thirteenth
street. -
' Charles II. Smith, men's furnishing goods,
bats. etc.. 1153- Broadway. . .-
Charles H. Wood, optician, etc.. 1163 Wash
ington street.
Steffanoni & Co., Jewelers. 1151 Broadway.
Whether or not Prosecuting Attor
ney Leach decides that there shall be
a criminal prosecution of former
Sergeant of Police Charles E. Clark
and Patrolmen Lee E. Andrews, J, vF.
fitahl and Charles W. Hamerton on
charges of burglary makes no dif
ference to the Board of Police and
Fire Commissioners so far as their
plans for the future handling of the
shop-pilfering scandal are concerned.
President John E. McElroy has de
cided that every detail connected with
the exposures shall be ventilated to
the fullest extent. So determined is
he upon this course that he insists
.that everything shall go before the
public, provided the knowledge can
not interfere with any prosecution
which might ensue. .
This course will be continued so far
as the Investigation ,of all other sus
pected patrolmen is 'concerned. Evi
dence is being collected daily against
several men whose names have not
yet been publicly connected with the
cases that have been brought to light.
The Commissioners individually have
been given information which is be
ing verifted. Chief Hodgkins has ex
plicit instructions to keep busv at this
Work. . He will not be permitted to
stop until the board has been satisfied
thoroughly that the Police Depart
ment has been purged. Along this
line of campaign much thought is be
ing spent by President McElroy and
his associates. They are planning as
to the future. It is current that there
will be developments at the next meet
ing of the Commissioners. - : .
In that regard President McElroy
said to-day:
I am surprised at the information that is
coming to me as a result of the exposure of
this thievery. By Friday next i *hall be
ready. I hope, to throw some further light on
Police Department affairs. It is my purpose
to pursue this subject relentlessly. No man
shall go free of well-deserved disgrace if 'it
shall be proved that he Is guilty of this mis
erable thievery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦ 1016 Broadway, Nov.<13.
George Alexander, a Realty Syndi
cate employe, lived at the house. Alex
ander went to his room on the lower
floor about 3 o'clock this morning. He
fell asleep without stopping' to extin
guish the lamp. Not long afterward
Alexander kicked over the lighted lamp
and set the ulace afire, lie was so
soundly in j dreamland that the action
did not awaken him.
In another room little Tommy John
son, a child, was aroused by the lively
clutter of his pigeon. Tommy smelled
smoke and heard the crackling flames.
In a minute his- yells had started the
sleepers, who climbed- out through the
burning place by the nearest exit, and
they did not wait to robe themselves,
either.
The fire was well under way when
neighbors took a hand and got a police
man, who sounded an alarm. The house
was damaged considerably. J. Rodgers
Is proprietor of the place. The prop
erty is owned by the Realty Syndicate.
It was- conducted as a hotel for colored
people.
Fluttering;^ of a pet pigeon frightened
by smoke and flames excused Bleeping
persons this morning In a lodging
house at 2223 Peralta street, the alarm
being given In time to save the lives of
not a few of the twenty people that oc
cupied the burning dwelling. It was at
best nip and tuck for them, and that
none perished was almost a miracle.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1018 Broadway, Nov. 13.
BRUIN TRIES
TO STOP MAILS
Lectures and Meetings Are
to Be Held During the
Week-Handicap Field Day
Careless Eoomer Kicks Over
a Lighted Lamp and
Keeps on in His Slumbers
Several Large Business
Properties in Oakland to
Be Sold Under Hammer
Nearly a Score of Stores
Suffer From Depredations
of Pilferers in Uniform
NAKEOW ESCAPES OCCUE
DETAILS SLOWLY SIFT
EVENTS AT UNIVERSITY
PLAN FOE BIG AUCTION
Wife Whom He Shot Is Near Death
Lent Campbell Resists Arrest
Bird Arouses Sleeping Occu
pants of House When It
Is in Flames and Smoke
Brief Lull in Eeal Estate
Market Ends With Close
of Presidential Campaign
"Star of Bethlehem" Is to
Be Produced in Grecian
Theater by Ben Greet
Police Commissioner McEl
r&y Presses Inquiry as
to Burglarious Patrolmen
MURDEROUS HUSBAND
IS IN OAKLAND JAIL
DEMANDS LIGHT
OF PUBLICITY
LODGERS SAVED
BY PET PIGEON
MIRACLE PLAY
IN OPEN AIR
BUSY WINTER
IS EXPECTED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,; MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14 ? 1904
OAKLAND, Nov. 13. — Alexander
Todd, 20 years old, fell while playing
football this afternon'at Golden Gate
and broke his right leg. The .injury
was treated at the. Receiving Hospital:
Todd lives in Alameda. : . -
4
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMEDA.
I4S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due. (
Artec Kobe • *., Nov. 14
Kan Pedro. ... Humboldt I Nov. 14
S. Monica Grays Harbor Nov. It
Redondo Portland A. Astoria Nov. 14
Alliance. Portland & Way Ports. Nov. It
Wyefield Oyttcr Harbor Nov. 14
8. Barbara..' San Pedro Nov. 14
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 14 j
Montara Seattle Nov. 15
p o mo Point Arena & Albion. Nov. 15
Alameda Honolulu Nov. IB
G. W. KIder.. Portland & Astoria Nov. IS
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 18 |
Aurelia Portland & Astoria Nov. 16 |
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 1« ¦
Titania Oyster Harbor Nov. 17
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 17.:
Centralla San Pedro Nov. 1<
Eureka...... Humboldt ..Nov. 17
Mariposa Tahiti ¦ .Nov. 17
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... I Nov. 17 ,
Point Arena.. Mendodno & Pt. Arena Nev. 17 |
Eanta Ro».. fan Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 17 (
Argo Eel River Ports Nov. 17
Breakwater.. Coos Bay ...Nov. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 17
Coronado.... Grays Harbor Nov. 17 I
Peru New York via Ancon.. Nov. 18 j
Jeanie....... Seattle & Tacoma . Nov. 19 ;
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Nov. 20
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 20
Eaxonla.. Hamburg & "Way Pts. Nov. 20
Menes Hamburg & Way Pts. Nov. 20
North Fork . . Humboldt ; Nov. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria...'. Nov. 20
Sequoia....... Willapa Harbor....,."..' Nov.21
Sonoma...... Sydney & . Way :¦ Ports. Nov. 21
City. Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports.*. . . Nov. 22
Rainier Seattle- & Everett....'. Nov. 22
Ban Juan.... New York via Ancon.. Nov. 23
Allia cce Portland & , Way Ports. Nov. 23
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
A Xew Art Gallery.
We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful gallery for the exhibition
and sale of moderate priced paintings,
water colors, pastels, etchings and Jine
photographs. Inspection cordially in
vited. Sanborn, Vail &Co., 741 Market St.*
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 14. . '¦
S. Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chico...... Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ..J. 12 m Pier 13
November 15.
M. Dollar.. Grayo Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
K. Fork Humboldt ......... 9 ami Pier 20
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am'Plcr 11
Manchuria. | China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Callfornian. New York direct Pier 25
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 10
November 16.
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11
November 17.
Redondo.:. Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
Centralift... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 18.
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 19.
Arcata...... Coos B & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Breakwater Coos Bay direct. . . 5 pm Pier 1 8
Argo Eel River ?Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro &, Way. 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu- ;.. 11 am Pier 7
Cy. Panama N. Y. via Ancon. . 12 mjPier 10
Aurelia..... Astoria & Portland 5 pmiPier 27,
November ; 21.
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
Queen Puget Eound Port*. 11 am Pier 9
November 32. . .
Coronado... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
November 24. ¦ -j
Jeanie..... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pier 20
TO sail. .
"W. A. Prole, a drummer, 20 years of
age, was arrested at his home, 954
Chestnut street, Oakland, yesterday
morning and to the City
Prison here, where a charge of crimi
nal assault was boolted against him.
The alleged offense was committed
upon L.aura Campbell, 14 years of
age, who lives with her mother at 119
Jones street. He had known the girl
for years and young as she was had
been annoying her with his attentions.
Charged With Criminal Assnult.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
•t Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 14.
Sun rises 6:50
Sun sets • 1 :.'¦!»
Moon sets .11:39 p. m.
O ITIme ITime Time * ITimel
9 I Ft. I Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• |H W |L W H W |l W|
14 I sTSi 477111:02 3.1 4:351 4.0 11:06 OR
15 16:27 4.8 12:17 2.9 h:it 3.9 11 :6S 1.2
18 I 7:09 5.01 1:1R 2.5 7:00 3.8
!L W H W L W H W
17 1 0:52 1.6 7:51 5:2 2:05 2.0 8:06 3.8
18 ! 1:36 1.7| 8:25! 5.1 2:17 1.6 8:D9 4.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the. number
given ie subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
ef the lower low waters.
I think that the strictly agricultural poa
sibllUics of California are usually neglected
in expositions. In fact, I flnd that 60 per cent
of the visitors to this exposition are surprised
to 'learn tliat California produces anything else
than- fruit. And many are almost Incredu
lous when they find In my exhibit Indian corn,
broom corn. oats, alfalfa and all of the gen
eral farm products.
When we tell an Illinois farmer that we
c«m m*ke beef, pork, butter and* poultry for
one-half what these cost to produce in the.
choicest localities in the East, he is astounded.
Arid to this the statement that California Im
ports annually enormous quantities of those
commodities and we are setting forth condi
tions that are attractive to the kind -of peo
ple we n»fld in our State, and suggesting lines
of production that are safe. .
that compel exhibiting under
clsusslficatlon are not as valuable to California
as tho*e that permit ' the State to make a
collective exhibit of all her resources in one
building. But California has been ably rep
resented . here. She has got such an ad
vertising as she never had before and it will
result in bringing many new people to the
State.
HOME NEGLECTED POINTS.
tion in the United States could be increased
to two pounds per capita annually more vine
yards would have to be planted. California
dried fruits have a health and food value
far above any. of the so-called health foods.
They are economical, delightful and nutritious.
The people of this country do not know this.
They have to be taught. It Is up to the grow
ers and sellers to teach peopls to eat more
of these things by demonstration and adver
tising. Until they do, the markets will never
be sure, nor can the production be increased
eafely.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, Nov. 13.
Etmr Fanta Crur. Alberts. 24 hours from
Ptmr Brunswick. EM'fsen. 15 hours from
gtmr Samoa. Madsen. 3H hours from San
'stmV Norwood Martin. 66 hours from Grays
Harbor: bound fcr San Pedro; put in to land
paM'nserB.
Ptmr <'oroT«a Gtelow. 20 hours from Eureka.
?tmr National City. Hammar. 16 hours from
*Stmr r fvhlttifcr. Dickson. T,l hours from
Portland: up river dircf.
ctror Jas S Higtirw. HiKi/in?, 4S hour* from
Ean Ffdro via Hucheon landing 19 hours.
Strr.r Arctic Nelson. 2S hours from Eureka.
Rtmr Boniti, Prebie. 65 hours from San
Pedro and wav port*.
Stmr Maggi". Eeglc?. 4 hours from Half
moon Hsy.
Fr ehip General Faidherb*. Chrtstien, 151
days from Swansea. .1' I*
Schr nr^sle K. Stark. 10 hours from Fan
Vlcnte Lending.
Echr Mary C. Campbell. 8 hours from Bo-
EAIL.ED.
,"•¦= Sunday, Not. 13.
Ptmr Ms^ei*. Hogan, Halfmoon Bay.
Strnr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports.
Ftmr Pasadena, Henricksen. Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Portland and As
toria.
Ftmr San Pedro. Ratmuspen. San Pedro.
Ptmr Noyo, Johnson. Eureka.
Ktrar Nevadan, Greene. Honolulu and
Kar>ulul.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett. AEtoria,
S»mr Norwood. Martin. Ban Pedro.
nark R P Rlthet. McPhail, Honolulu.
Fr bark Marie Madeleine PoU*». Glasgow.
Bchr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
Fchr John A Campbell, Svenson. .
Fr fchr Et Michel, Herve. Papeete.
EPOKEN.
Per Br eh'.p Lynton. Nov 7 — Lat 28 35 N,
long IS1 43 W. Fr »hip General Faldherbe.
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Per Fr ehip General Faldherbe. July 29— Lat
21 S long .JS W. Fr bark Joinville. from New
castle, Kngland. for S»n Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT T.OBOS, Nov 13. 10 p nw-Weather
foggy end calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PCnT HA P.FOItD— Sailed Nov 13. 4 a m—
Stmr Coos Cay for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Nov 12— Schr Ex
ec-li-ior. hence Oct 21.
EtrnEKA— -Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Prer.Uss.
hence Nov Jl; ttrar Pomona hence Nov 12
Sailed Nov IS— stmr Alliance for Kan Fran
ci^5 0 V.i tmr Phoen »x. for San Francieco.
SANTA nARBARA-Sailed Nov 1.;— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Pedro; gtmr State of <v»"
fornia. for San Francisco. /"" -
ASTORrA— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Aberdeen.
Sailed Nov 13— Stm r Geo W Elder, for San
Fra n,ciwo.
FOR GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 13— Br bark
Crown of Germany, from Victoria. B C
TATOOSH-Passed in Nor 13-Stmr Jeanlo,
hence Nov 3 for Seattle; stmr City of Pu'
ebla. hence Nov 11 for Victoria etc- stmr
ruinkr. hcr.ee Nov 11 for Seattle; Br ship
Port Caledonia, hence Nov 1 for Port Town
rend: Br *hlp Poltalloch. hence Nov 1 for
Royal Roads. Ior
Passed out Nov 13— Schr Lyman r> Foster
from Port BlaJteley. for San Francisco *
SEATTLE— Arrived. Nov 13 — sun'r Santa
Ana, from Valdes; «trar City of Seattle from
Ekagway.
PORT TOWNSEND— Patsed in n ov y..
Troops Suppress the Disturbance,
Which Claimed Police and
' - Civilians ns Its Victims.
WARSAW, Nov. 13.— There was
rioting .here to-day, which was sup
pressed by the troops. Two police
men and eight civilians are reported
to have been killed and thirty-one
were injured. "v
TEX REPORTED KILLED
'IX 'RIOTS IX WARSAW
J. M. Bean, cook on a vessel at
Adams wharf, Oakland, was crossing
Market street at Grant avenue early
yesterday morning, when he was
knocked down by an automobile that
was being driven at a reckless speed.
The occupants of the machine backed
it over the prostrate form of Bean
and then started 'along Market street
at a breakneck grait. Bean was sent
to the Central Emergency Hospital by
Policemen. Lycett and O'Connor,
where it" was found that two of his
ribs were fractured and his shoulder
badly contused. The policemen say
that the number of the machine was
7 and that it belongs to a store at
CJolden Gate avenue and Jones street.
They will endeavor to find the chauf
feur and charge him with battery and
fast driving.
Klbs Broken by an Automobile.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Water Front Note*
Jofcn G. Follett, chief officer of the Neva
ian end who has Keen employed by the Amer
iran-Haweilan line ever since it was estab
lished f-"Jr y'-arF «go. is to b* married on his
arrival in Honolulu. Mrs. J. Knlehtly Robtn
f>n of that rtty will be the bride and the wed
<\'ie will TsVe plac? November 22. Mrs. Fol
l«tt will ihen <.ome to Pan Francisco, where
Mr ar.d Mrs. Follett will make their home. -
Next Tue«<3a> the Manchuria is scheduled
t>> call Icr China and Japan with an enormous
cereo. and the American-Hawaiian steamer
C'altfcniian will sail the rame day from Green
wich wharf Cor New York.
The Ocesnio I'ner Alameda is due Tuesday
from Honolulu and the Martpoea will arrive
Thursday ban Tahiti.
¦ »
Per Fr fhlp General Faldherbe — Had a suc
cession of heavy gales and sea off Cape Horn;
Aug :t oft Rlvor Platte experienced a pom
t<ero lasting "Uht days, throwing ship on her
beam ends, filling dtcks to the rails, shifted
cargo to port and blew away several sails;
on arrival of veKel In port eight of crew
were found to be sick with scurvy; captain
also sick and taken to French Hospital.
Per Br ship Barfillan. from Hamburg via
Antwerp Nov 12 — Sailed from Antwerp on
May 26; had light winds and fine sea to the
equator, which we crossed 42 days out in
long 27 W; got the SE trades in lat 2 N and
lost them in lat 25 S; had fine weather to
Cape Horn, which we passed S6 daya out; had
a succession of SW gales off Cape Horn for
40 days, with a high, mountainous sea: had
fresh SW winds to lat 22 S; got the SE
trades in Jat 22 S and lost them in lat 10 N;
crossed the equator in long 118 W Sept 3l>;
Rot the NE trades in lat 12 N and lost them
in lat 29 N; thence to port had variable»winds.
Per Br ehip Lynton. from Genoa Nov 12 —
Sailed from Genoa June »>: was 24 days to
Gigraltar; crossed the equator on Aug 1 in
long 25 51 W; got the SB trades In lat 3 N
and lost them in lat IS H; had a succession
of WSW L'al»* to Cape Horn; was off Cape
Horn on Sept 7, when we expert encerj a suc
cession of S.SW gales for 21 days, with hail,
snow and ice and a vfry high croes era. fill
ing deck* to the rail ajid blowing away sev
eral Bails; then had a succesnlon of westerly
gal«"» to Juan Fernandez; got the SE trades
in lat 27 S and lost them in lat 8 N; crossed
the equator Oct 22 in long 115 W; got the NE
trades in lat 11 N and lost them in lat 34 N;
thence to port SSE winds.
Memoranda.
MACON, Ga., Nov. 13.— Since the
attack " rmtde at an early hour this
morning on a hospital here in which
Frank Christian, the slayer of Fred
Thorpe, lies wounded, no further at
tempt has been made by friends of
Thorpe to lynch Christian. Dr. Elder,
the resident surgeon, drew his revolver
when the mob appeared this~morning
and declared that he would kill the
first man who crossed the threshold.
The members of the mob knew he
meant what he said and took their
departure. A force of officers guards
the hospital. _^
Christian, who was cut in the stom
ach during the affair which ended in
Thorpe's death, is resting quietly to
night, and the attending surgeons are
still of the opinion that he will re
cover from the effects of his wound.
Gives Up the' Attempt to Seize and
Lynch a Wounded •
Murderer. .
MOB IS HELD AT BAY
BY HOSPITAL SURGEON"
scbr H D Bendlxs»n, hence Oct 25; schr Ma
weema, from San Diego
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed- Nor 13— Schr
Lyman D Foster, for San Francisco; Ger *hlp
Wansbeck, for Queenstown.
Arrived Nov 13— Sch p C S Holmes, from Port
Townsend; schr Bainbridge, from Winslow. "
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 13— Bark Andrew
Welch for San Francisco.
MAKAWELI— Sailed Nor 0 — Bark W B
Flint, for San Francisco.
The British ship Lynton, Captain Jam**, ar
rived from Genoa yesterday, 160 days out. The
v»rsc-! encountered bad weather off the Horn
and unfavorable wind* in the South Atlantic.
Another arrival yesterday was the British ship
Barfillsn. Captain Arthur, wiilch came In 214
crje fr^m Hamburg and 170 days from Aut-
T<-*.-p_ Th« German steamer Germanicus. Cap
tain Behrmann, also arrived yesterday, 42
days from Java and 26 days from Moji, with
t4O0 tfms r>f sugar.
A hurcan* act was performed yesterday on
Mission etreet wharf by Joe«ph Catania of 1110
Maron street. Two little children were stroll
ing along th» water front, one with a doll
und the other with the family cat In her
arms. The animal became frightened at a
rsssicg dog and, springing away from the
chil-iren, tlipped overboard. The cat swam
e round in the wat/r. trying to find a place
to climb cut, but was unable to do so. The
little animal was becoming exhausted and the
children w*re cryinr 'or their pet. There was
no boat handy and Catania, slipping off his
cuter clothing, plunged into the bay. He
caught tie drowning kitten and swam for a
eter'ad^er. The animal ncratched him as ha
made hi* way for the landinc. but he held on
and climbed to the aharf. The cat was given
a <!ry cut in the Harbor Hospital and taken
horn** by the grateful children.
?_
Long Trip Arrivals
Saving the Family Cat
Th« shrimp war appears to b« going on In a
CUlet way. but it U only when some extra
mov« is made by tb* competing firms of the
email fry catchers that the public hears of
th* rtwafaT- The little launch Envy of the
Vr.icn Fhrimj? Company, which lands at the
loct of Clay titrcet. received the attention Sat
urday night of certain persons of Identity un
known. Yesterday morning th« vessel was
found at her moorlnjrs with two auger ho'.es
in the bottom, and the boat nearly full of
*.ater. Ir. twenty minutes more she would
have b»en down under the bay. Th* leak*
¦wore hastily checked and the launch balled
cut.
Wrecking: a Shrimp Launch. '
The big American-Hawaiian steamer N»
vadan sailed yesterday for Honolulu with 6300
tons ol carpo. Much of the frelcnt was brought
from New York by the Callfornlan. which re
cently came around the Horn. The Nevadan
took on board at Puget Sound 160.000 feet of
Juir.ber. In this port she took aboard 13,000
cases cf coal oil and four electric cars and
equipments for Honolulu. She also carries
two tons of mail destined tor the Hawaiian
Islands. The Nevadan burns oil and will
eteam thirteen knots an hour.
Xcradan's Bijj Cargo.
USOth Meridian— Paclfle Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Nov. 13—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date compared with thoes of same date last
season and rainfall in last tweny-four hours:
* Last This - Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 5.71 S.HI
Red Bluff 0.00 9.13 2.12
Sacramento 0.00 5.60 .84
San Francleco 0.00 7.53 .90
Fresno '....... 0.00 6.04 .09
Independence 0.00 .47 .42
San Luis Oblspo .... 0.00 4.59 .08
Los Angeles 0.00 1.13 .43
San Diego 0.00 < .16 .01
THE COAST RECORD.
» K K 0 2 *
§ sgsgsf 4 \
6TATIONS. | JgjjiiS £& |
i 1 1 r r g
Baker 30. OS SS 80 BE Cloudy loo
Carson 30.C8 66 24 E Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.02 €6 64 8 Cloudy .00
Fresno 30.02 72 46 E Pt.Cldy .00
8.E. Farallon.30.OC 61 S8 S Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.14 66 8 N Clear .00
Pocatello 80.16 68 20 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .30.06 CO 40 SB Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 00 76 48 \V Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.S0.O6 61 48 .... Clear .CO
North Head.. 29. SS 54 52 S Cloudy .16
Phoenix 29.9S 70 40 W Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.30.01 64 65 SW Clear .10
Portland 29.98 52 46 SE Clear .02
Red Bluff 30.04 66 50 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.00 60 60 N\V Cloudy .01
Sacramento ..30.04 68 4G XE Clear .00
Salt Lake ...30.10 62 .. W Clear .00
San FrancIsco.80.OS C4 34 W Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo..30.04 72 38 XW Clear .00
San Diego ...29.98 70 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 66 34 SE Pt.Cldy .08
Spokane 30.08 54 30 N Cloudy iOl
Tatoosh 29.88 54 60 S Cloudy /. 24
Walla Walla. 30.02 CO 34 E Cloudy / Tr.
AVInnemucca .30.10 62 28 SW Clear .CO
Tumi 29.98 76 40 E Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. ,
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and fair weather
I over the southern. Light rain has fallen in
Washington and Western Oregon.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the en
tire Pacific Slope. A moderate depression Is
central ove r -Vancouver Island.
The temperature changes have been slight
In all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight November 14:
Northern California — Cloudy In north por
tion, fair in south portion Monday; fresh
southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Monday; fre»h southwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday;'
light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Monday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair Monday.
. G. H. WILLSOX,
Local Forecaster, temporarily In charge.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 13.— The search
for lost treasure amounting to more
than $100,000 of Mexican silver, which
is said to be lvlngr at the bottom of
Collins Lake in Leon County, this
State, will soon be commenced. A Joint
stocw company, composed of a number
of business men of Oakwoods, Texas,
and other citizens of that section, has
been organized for the purpose of con
ducting the serch for this burled or
hidden silver in a systematic manner.
•The company will drain the water
from this lake by means of powerful
steam pumps. The lake is situated
about fifteen miles south of Oakwoods.
It covers twenty-five acres of land and
the water is five to twelve feet deep.
According to the legend of this treas
ure a caravan of Spaniards were on
their way north in the early days and
the silver filled the bed of a large
wagon, which was being drawn by, six
mules. When near this lake an attack
was made on "the travelers by a band
of hostile Indians. In order to save the
silver the wagon was driven into the
lake and .its precious contents dumped
out. Only 1 one member of the party
escaped from the savages and it took
him many years to make his way back
to the City of Mexico, where he told
his story, but it was not believed and
he could get 'no assistance in recov
ering the treasure.
This survivor' is said to have left
a description, and a crude drawing of
the spot where the silver was hidden
and this he handed down to his son.
Still no effort was made" to recover the
treasure and it was not until ,the great
grandson of the survivor of the mas
sacre came into possession of the doc
ument that any movement was made
to secure the fortune. This great
grandson was without means himself,
but he managed to make his way to
Texas and by means of the records
and documents in his possession he
easily located the lake where the sil
ver is supposed to be deposited.
The story of the lost treasure is be
lieved by many people of the Collins
Lake section and those who have gone
Into the enterprise of draining the
lake are confident that they will find
the big fortune lying at its bottom.
Powerful pumping machinery is be
ing installed and the lake : ill be drain
ed as fast as possible. It will take
probably two months to pump it clear
of water.
W. N. Harris, who has charsre of
Kings County's interests, believes that
better^ results could be p obtained, bv
placing the State's exhibit all in one
building. He said:
-, An exposition of this magnitude is an anni
hilator of ¦ sectionalism. -When one contem
plates the exhibits, and particularly those In
the - agricultural building, he Is constrained ¦ to
stock up.lnthe use of superlatives , when -de
scribing the particular spot in the universe in
which he is most Interested. Among many
others California has made a wonderful show
ins, and In. point of variety has undoubtedly
outstripped' all competitors. ..• In beauty of ex
hibit material and Installation' she. stands In
the front rank. And yet I have the same Im
pression regarding this exhibit that I have got
from- all v of the exhibits that California has
made In the last fifteen years. . .
. It Is no doubt a splendid, thing to exhibit the
beautiful fruits and fruit products of our State,
but without . demonstrating . their flavor; and
food value I question if an exposition Increases
the consumption of these choicest of California
products. Unless the . consumption keeps, pace
with Sthe production of' California, green and
dried . fruits and .- raisins it is not going; to. be
wall • to ' attract people to the < State to: grow
more - of these ; thlnga. ij I • deduce -, from these
conditions - a conclusion . that • particular- atten
tion and effort should be given to the promul
gation; of .! the ifood ;. value and delieiousnees i of
California fruit products. ';-¦ } ,
Take raisins, for. instance. If the conaump-
The lesson which I have learned from this
exposition Is that there should, be concerted
action for the dissemination of the truth re
rardin^ th« whole State of California. There
i., an immense amount of missionary work yet
to be done If we are to reap a complete har
vest from what was bo ably Initiated at St.
Louis. The plan at St. Louis, where the
State exhibit consisted of twenty-eight Individ
ual county exhibits, has proved effective and
should be carried out at 'Portland and at all
future expositions. There are those who favor
one general exhibit from which the coun
ties would h? eliminated, but for many rea
son* this would not prove as effective ¦ as the
St. Louis plan. •
If the exact truth la to be known regarding
our State It Is necessary that all sections
should be repress r,ted by men well qualified
to explain their advantages. A lecture hall
should be provided by the State at all futurw
expeditions and the county representatives
Rhr.-'ld be given the free use of this hall for
the delivery of Illustrated lertures regarding
their sections. .The answer to any objection
that rnliht be raised in this Is that seven
county representatives lectured dally at the
g£ Louis exposition and that In almost every
instance the lecturer voluntarily gave a large
part of his time to describing the climatic and
agricultural conditions existing throughout the
T.-::o:e State and never once. did I hear unfa
vorable comment made on any remark at any
of these lectures. " . ";
It in my opinion that the work done at St.
I-ouls will bring more than 100,000 people Into
California within the next year or two, and
tiiat most of those who come will arrive with
a fair knowledge of conditions throughout the
entire State. San Joaquln County will get her
Just proportion of those who come, and if she
1« to take part In another exposition . I, would
w'.sh to • deviate very little from the plan
which was followed out here.
MUST SHOW FOOD VALUE.
ALL WORK TOGETHER.
Colvln Brown of San Joaquin County
on the same subject said: 1 . ...
For th* first time in their history Northern
and Central California have been properly rep
resented at an exposition. For seven months
twenty-two representatives of counties from
Northern and Central California have been
explaining j to the visitors at the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition that Isothermal lines in
California run north and south; that the ther
mal belt In which the orange grows is five
hundred miles long; that there is Verjs. little
difference- In temperature, winter ; and sum
mer, between the northern end of the Sac
ramento • Valley and the Mexican, boundary.
The wonderful systematic and energetic pr6
motlon work, which has been carried on by
the people of Southern California for the past
fifteen years or more, has resulted In a gen
eral, w'despread belief among the people of the
Kant that all of the sunshine, flowers, fruit and
scenery of California are to be ftfund In that
part' lying south of the Tehachapy_ A partial
correction of this error will be the best return
Ihn State will receive from the work which .the
countlf? have been doing at St. Louis. It is
better for the whole State that the truth con
cerning Cnllfcrnla should be known, and my
experience was that the • representatives of
Southern California themselves recognized this
and encouraged the northern and central men
In their .efforts to disseminate the truth.
As San Joaquln County lies In Central Cal
ifornia the greatest good It will derive from
the work done here will come from the edu
cation which the people of the East, and
the world, have received regarding true con
ditions In California. Incidentally, the re
sources of San Joaquin County have been
brought directly to the attention of many
thousands of people, including hundreds of
prospective settlers, but nev*r, to my knowl
edge, to the disparagement of nny section of
our State. It Is a matter, that I pride . my
self on that none of those connected with the
San Joaquln County exhibit ever let his local
loyalty affect their loyalty to the whole State,
and 1 believe that this Is generally true of
all the counties represented ftt the fair, re
gardlers of geographical position.
MUCH YET TO BE DONE.
The first and greatest reason that San Luis
Obispo County has derived advantage from Its
exhibit and representation at the St. Louis
Kxposltion 1a that equal recognition with other
and better- advertised counties has been ob
tained. Until very recently San Luis Oblspo
County was valued only as a stock and grain
rection. Our exhibit at the fair demonstrates
the possibilities of this county of vant resources
in other things than stuck and grain.
San Luis Ob'spo County, by reason of Its
wonderfully diversified exhibit here, haa made
known to thousands of people from ever}' sec
tion of the United States | and many foreign
countries that we are on an equality with' the
best adveitised sections of California. That
ours l» one of the most favored sections of the
State multitudes of people have learned.
Among other lessons taught by experience in
the maintenance ol our county exhibit at the
fair Is that of the great need of dispelling the
very t-rroimous idea which so generally prevails
regarding California land values. The great
majority of the people interviewed with refer
ence to California have been or the opinion tn.it
nothing short of $3()O to $500 per acre would
buy good fruit lands In our State. And when
they were told that fine land could be bought
for from $25 to $50 per acre in San Luis Oblspo
County, and In a flection where the average
rainfall for twenty years has been twenty-two
inches per year, thousands of persons learned
something of California th-»y had hitherto not
known.' This is a point that should be em
phasized if we would dispel a damaging mis
chief.
A vast number of World's Fair visitors have
been attracted to the joint exhibit of San Lu«<
Oblspo and Monterey counties. A large num
ber of these have signified their Intention to
visit these counties when they go to California,
and this number Includes the larger percentage
of the people Interviewed. Several families
have already gone.
In the selection and preparation of another
¦World's- Fair or similar exhibit, a ponfriderable
saving in expense may be made by minimizing
the number of specimens for exhibition.' Ex
perience has taught that only the unusual
specimens particularly attract. A few of the
very best . specimens exhibited in a very fine
and unique setting will bring the very best
results. The moat unique and most elegantly
finished booths in any of the exhibition palaces
at the fair are. these which attract the greate»t
throngs, irrespective of the quality or variety
of the exhibits shown. When we may combine
elegance of setting with products we have
reached advertising excellence. ; . .
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
ING, ST. LOUIS, Nov. 13.— All of Cali
fornia's representatives at the fair
agree that the exhibit has been the
greatest advertisement the' Golden
State could have obtained with the
sum of money expended.
As it nears the time that 'the srreat
gates are to swing closed, there Is a
general feeling of satisfaction over
what has been accomplished. The re
sults so far obtained are, in the words
of one county representative. "simDly
the first crop." Commissioner Charles
A. Block of San Luis Oblspo County,
in speaking of the advantages his sec
tion has derived, said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
There are now six prisoners in the
Charleston Jail implicated in the Mont
gomery shooting. It is not considered
safe to have the hearing of any of them
take place at the present time.
CHARLESTON, W.^Va., Nov. 13.—
Edward and George B. Jackson, the
two brothers of Montgomery, .W. Va.,
for whom rewards have been offered by
both State and county authorities, sur
rendered to-day and are now in the
County Jail in Charleston. The men had
been secreted in an abandoned coal
mine just outside of Montgomery and
were driven to surrender by hunger and
cold.
Since the shooting of Sheriff Daniel
and their j subsequent disappearance
they had spent . the time in the coal
mine, secreted from their pursuers and
the bloodhounds that were put on their
trail. During this time they were with
out food and drink.
The officials took the men around the
town of Montgomery and by a round
about way brought them to Charleston
to avoid a riot or lynching, which un
doubtedly would have occurred had the
citizens of Montgomery discovered that
the Jacksons had been taken.
As the idea appeals to the cultured
and equally to all persons who appre- !
ciate the advantages and delights of a ,
forested suburban park for the enjoy- i
ment that it affords, there is a proba
bility that the first meeting of a series
will be made interesting and profitable.
Invitations will be sent to the Tamal
pais National Park Association, the
Sempervirens Club, the California State
Floral Association, the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West,' the Sierra
Club and to other organizations to send
delegates to the meeting of next Satur
day that the importance of the sub
ject may be generally, understood and
that interest may be aroused as much
as possible.
Mrs. Pohli and Miss Hlttell have made
a study of the possibilities of the pro
posed park at Redwood Canyon. To a
representative of The Call .these ladies
said that they have found a strong cur
rent of public favor running in the di
rection of acquiring and holding
Redwood Canyon as a forest park. Its
beauties are well known to thousands
of citizens. The Bohemian Club held
jinks there for some years. All sum
mer visitors to Marin County see and
are delighted with the canyon.
From the canyon Mount Tamalpais
towers up in view like an obelisk. The
canyon's forested aisles are shaded with
trees that have existed for centuries.
Its surface is particularly well adapt
ed to forestry park purposes, being
level. Off (o the westward and not far
distant is the Pacific Ocean. From Mill
Valley it is an easy walk, taking only
a short time to the heart of the canyon.
There are no other comparable trees in
proximity to a great city any
where in the world. It is urged by the
ladies that there is no other forested
park in California as near to a great
body of citizens as is this. Through the
canyon flows a beautiful stream of
water that comes from the side of
Mount Tamalpais. •¦•., - - —
One reason for urging the acquisition
of Redwood Canyon - for a park at
this time Is that it is threatened. The
present owners are in negotiation with
parties who will probably cut down the
trees and sell them for their timber
value, afterward selling the land for
farming use. The nearness of the can
yon to the city would enable tillers ofc.
the soil to profitably work the land. To
lose the present chance to create such
a park as is proposed probably means
that another will never be offered. Able
speakers will address the meeting next
Saturday at the California Club's
rooms. At that meeting, or at a subse
quent one, views of the canyon will be
displayed. All persons who desire to
preserve the natural beauties of Cali
fornia will be asked to co-dperate in
this movement to create and. maintain
a public park in Redwood Canyon.
Next Saturday at 10:30 o'clock a meet
ing will be held at the rooms of the
California Club to promote a plan that
lovers of the beautiful in nature have
in view to save from destruction the
forest that adorns Redwood Canyon,
in Marln County near Mill Valley, and
to have the canyon held as • a public
park for the benefit of the people of
California for all time. This proposi
tion originated with ladies in the for
estry section of the California Club.
Mrs. Emil Pohli and Miss Hlttell have
strongly Identified themselves with the
movement, working with a degree of
enthusiasm and energy that should
entitle their efforts to the reward of
success. Vanderlyn Stow and other
men have also become interested in the
project.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Weather Report.
Th« French ship General Faidherb*,
Captain Christian, arrived In port yes
terday. 164 days from Swansea, Eng
land, with a cargo of 291\ tons of coal.
July 29. In latitude 21 south and longi
tude 38 ¦west, she spoke the French
bark Joinville, now 170 days out from
Newcastle, England, for this port.
The Faidherbe's log records a troub
lous voyage. August 3, off the River
Platte In the South Atlantic, she en
countered a fierce pompero, which last
ed eight days. The ship was thrown
on her beam ends, seas swept over the
rail and the cargo shifted down to lee
ward. Several sails were blown away,
but no epars were lost and the vessel
was finally righted without material
damage. Off Cape Horn the ship wai
assaulted by a succession of wild gales.
end for weeks she labored In storm and
hee.\'y seas. She finally worked around
lato the Pacific and more peaceful
waters, and the passage north to port
was made in more favorable weather.
Scurvy made its appearance on
board, however, and the captain, with
most of his crew, fell a victim to the
dread disease. During the run up the
Pacific only a few men were able to
work the vessel, but good weather pre
vailed and the ship practically sailed
herself to her destination. Upon ar
rival in port yesterday Captain Chris
tian and eight of his crew were sent
to the French Hospital for treatment.
I . —
County Commissioners Tell
of What Has Been Done
and the Lessons Learned
A Hundred Thousand Dollars
of Mexican Silver Aban
doned in the Early Days
Precautions Taken to Pre
vent the Lynching of the
West Virginia Desperadoes
PROMOTED BY LADIES
Clubs and Societies to Be
Represented at Meeting
Called for Next Saturday
Oil-Burner Nevadan Steams Out for
Honolulu With Great Cargo.
RESULTS FAR REACHING
WAS DROPPED IN WATER
ARE CLOSELY GUARDED
Captain and Crew Have Scurvy
Strong Organization Is to
Preserve Beauties of Ked
woods Below Tamalpais
California Becomes Known
to World and Thousands
Will Flock to the Coast
Jackson Brothers Surrender
After Going Without Food
and Drink for Several Days
Company of Business Men in
Texas Will Endeavor to
Locate Historic Treasure
FRENCH SHIP FAIDBERBE
ARRIVES FROM HAMBURG
PROPOSE PARK
IN THE CANYON
BIG BENEFITS
OF THE FAIR
TO DRAIN LIKE
FOR LOST COIN
HUNGER JAILS
TWO ASSASSINS
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY/NOVEMBER 14, 1904.
Steamer. '. Destination. ¦ . I Sails.'
Santa. Ana..'. Seldovia &. Way Ports. Nov. 16
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. ! 16
Jefferson..... Skagway & Way, Ports. Nov." IS
Farallon ..... Skag way ; & Way Forta. Nov. ' 19 <
5
AMTJSE3IENTS.
THI3B WEES — .
Of the Great Musical Comedy Trturapfc .
THE
MESSENGER
BOY
A SUPERB SCENIC SENSATION.
A GREAT TIVOLI CAST,
la Pr?j»r»ti8i, t oaperMf l Up r-t ft r\ f\
PWstwi ffriiley end « I l\J ] . |
LnUft great eomia o j«r» K\ 1 1 1 U liUUU
Spritl ThiaisiiYlns M»t XZ33ZXSS& BOT
-Usual Tlvoll Pric«9 — 25c. 50c. 75e.
Seats always <i»l!in«:. Reg. mat. Saturday.
< SPECIAL- BTODAT *TTS2W00N. KOV. 80th
mme. rANirci: taaxcxsca.
is Daaiutti s I 1W" I A
Gmt Cperm U t ! A
. Prices— 23o. CPc. 75c. ft.
A Big Banner Bill
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mnrvhy: ,Caxllsl«'s
Doari and Ponies: Augusta Gloat t TJiree
Haraoniers; Twelve Havajo Girls;
Can field and . Carletoa: We« Jean la
Pletchet and
JOHN T. KLIY AJfD COMPAIPf.
Regular Matinees ' Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 23o
and 60c.
PP A M H- opera!
VJI JTX J\ IN LJ HOUSE
THIS WEEK ONLY
MATINEE SATCRJDAT.
The International Success
The FATAL
WEDDING.
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
Ihe Show Girl
THE BEST €JF ALI. GIRL SHOWS. J
.
SECOND AZn> LAST WEEK.
Vp To and Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
"Don't talk too much. You're a /candidate.** ;
Henry W. ¦ Havase " off<*rn
George Ade's Quaint Comedy Drama,
I!- COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
(Not a Musical Comedy).
THE BIGGEST HIT OF THE TEAR.
• Next Monday — Engagement Extraordinary.
MAXINE ELLIOTT
in "HER OWN WAT." Scat* Thursday.
r-GALIFORNIA-v
THEY ALL WANTED TO
SEE THE GREAT FARCE, j
•'A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY"" j
THE BIG HIT of Last Season. §
With an Exceptional Cast of well ¦
known favorites: William Friend. Har- K
ry Crandail. I£ugene Redding. William H
. Woodside. That9 Magrane. Helen Trav- P
ers. Violette Vllliers. Lucille VUIiers. g
Next Sunday Night— Positively th», g
Original N»w York Casino Production. H
ARTHUR DUNN in the Shubsrt and 9
Nixon & Zimmerman $75,000 Musical m
Extravaganza. THE RUNAWAYS. 3
First tcur of the Famous CASINO ll
SHOW GIRLS. Over 73 Players. ¦
I
AT «f^ A T A T"> Belasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR rfcs£
General Manager.
ALL THIS WEEK.
FIRST STOCK PRESENTATION
Clyde Fitch's Strongest Play.
IFe Climbers
A; Given by AMELIA BINGHAM., : -
! Eve., 23c to 75c. Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 23c to 50c.
Thanksgiving Week, November 21 — Initial Pro-
duction Here
THE VILLAGE POSTMASTER.
The Bert of Rustic Cnmedles-jSfiO Nights in
New York, Five Years In the Ea*t.
™^ a M !
Market Street. Near Eighth.. -Phona South 531
TO-mOKT-ALL T2HS WIES.
Tremerdous Production of the Be«» '-of AU
Military Dramas.
Winchester
Sterling Story of Lov* and War.
Exciting Scenic Effects! Hilarious . Comedy!
THE MII.IT ART BAJUX.! .
THE YOUriG GTZJ. STTt
THE THSXItXtXHO &XDS FOX &TT2!
PRICES — Eve. 10c to 50c; Mats. 10c, tSc. ?.?;
Thanksgiving Week, Nov. 21. First Ptoduc
tlon Here of the SJtut.ondors ..Melodrama
"QT/EEJff OF TEE WHITBSlATEa,"
i ' ¦ . , "•
¦-¦;¦¦¦
TAKE AN AFTERNOON
Or Come To-NUrht and Sea
OSEATZST VAUDSVU.I.E PIT.
A2TCX IN ALL THE WOBJUD
THE 7KZCSS:
10c and 20c-No !!&
Tea Hew gBAPLUH3t8 Every
Afternoon Perform apcea at 330.'
Twice Each Wirh.tr at 720 and 9.
Conttanom Performances on Saturday
and Sunday, from 2 to 5 O'clock t>. m.
I and from 7 Until 11 Q'Olocfc at 3Hght.f
CHILDBEN 10 CEXTS AT AIL TIME?
And to any part of the theater. . -
Only house displaying absolutely New am
Remarkable Moving Picture*.
HHtBfiHn
PETCHlNG BROS.
JOHNSON AND WELLS
And a Splendid t&ow Every Axteraoa
and Evenlnsr In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MXKIATXJKE EXtECTSXC KAII.S0AI
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestricj
View the Johnstown Flood
, AMATEUR NIGHT' THURSDAY.
ADMISSION ¦ .10c CHILDREN. . ¦?
\A/. T- HESS.
Votary Fnblio and Attorney ••t-XAw. t
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckel* . VUi
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 1802 McAllister *.
Residence Telephone Page 3*41.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
COMPANY
GROCERS
110 FOURTH STREET
Tel. Howard 1986.
MONDAY, TUESDAY and
WEDNESDAY SPECIALS
BUTTER — Very best Creamery, per !
square 30c
1^-lb. square. Rpj?. 40c.
BUTTER— Per lb. in bulk .....20c
Reg. 25c. . - .
JAMS — Cutting's Best. 2-lb. cans; Dam-
son Plum and Pear Jam. 4 cans. — 25c
Every can guaranteed. Never sold for
less than 15c can. - .
7ICKI.CS AND CHOW CHOW— Half
gal. jar. 15c I
Reg. 25c. S
FZtU.«£3 — Good Santa Claras, 10 lbs.. 25c :
Reg. 6 lbs. -25c.
HAMS— Kast^rn Sugar Cured, per lb..l0e
While the lot lasts. Reg. 15c lb.
Crosse & "Blackwell's SWEET FICXLES, [
per jar .15c ,
n^^ '
18 lbs'. GRANULATED SUGAR $1.00
With order*.
NEW TOMATOES — 4 cans 25c
Dozen 70c
Rep. 3 cans 25c.
CATST7F — Mother's Own Brand, bot. .10c
Reg. 15c.
RAISINS — Seeded, per package 5c
SNIDEIt'S CATSUP — Per bot 20c ;
Gallon TOMATOE3 — Solid pack can. .15c
Reg. 25c.
Freight paid on orders of $5.00 and
over to points within 100 miles.
raidce the bejmt j fol
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
ailw parlor, th«
P j PALM ROOM, tht
Ilf/Hifl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiauu LOR^ tnd the LA
M X~t~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels sqqm- J
Always Remember the Foil Ji%m«
laxative raromo Cjranme
Ccrei;*CoHinOnoDay,Crlpuj2 D*y»
€). boi> 33c
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
TALKING MACHINES AND RECORDS.
AMUSE3IKXTS.
If. j W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT t^Sc. TO-NIGHT
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD — 7. XL GII.MOUB
And the Majestic Theater Company in
Hearts Aflame
The Intensely Emotional Society Drama Sug-
gested by the Novel of Louise Winters.
Reappearance of A-DELE 1LOCX.
Racing! jfeRaii!
Hew '¦¦' : 4§jk- " " Jockey
California y^ Club
. OAKLAND TRACK.
Commencing SATURDAY. November 12.
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
«, Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track taka
S. P. Kerry, foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30, I'M. 1:30. or .2:00. . Heturnlnt trains
leave the track at 4:10' and 4:45 p. m. and
immediately after the last race. •
.-THOMAS H. "WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. - .
liUSCELLAyEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
STEINWAY HALL
FIANO RECiTAL
r • - Given . By ¦ . .
MtLTON JACOBI
Pjpll Of . HUGO M ANSFELDT.
Tuesday, Kov ember 15, 8:15 p.m.
Reserved Seats. ...... ...One Dollar
General Admission Fifty Cents
¦ ADVEKTISE>IEXTS V
GASTORIA
, r /^Por Infant* and Children.
the Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the Sip Jl/S^f A J 7 '
Signature of C^&'&X /&&&&£
;•
EVBMBLADE WARRANTEDIrate Landlord— When I rented you
this house you said your three children
were In tho cemetery.
Smith — So they were; they w«re
spending the day there.
FOXY SMITH.
, According to official Japanese re
lorta, one regiment which went into
.r.e of the roost desperate assaults
Jn the defenses of Port Arthur with
-ore than 2700 effective men lost 2500.
mly eix officers and 200 men came back
rotn one of the most terrible struggles
c the history of war. Such flehtlne
j= this Is disheartening to the most
A kind of vegetable silk. is obtained
from a tree, growing to the size of an
ordinary chestnut tree, which abounds
in Paraguay. It can be woven into
threads, but the chief use for it at
present is that of stuffing quilts and
cushions, for which purpose it seems
well adapted on account of, its extreme
lightness.. This silk resembles a gloss'y
down and grows in bolls six inches long
and about four and , one-half inches in
Tree Silk.
A great deal of the fishing along the
French coast is done by women. They
are to be seen in groups at all the
French watering places, where they
contrast oddly with the fashionably
dressed summer idlers. These fisher
women usually wear wooden shoes and
quaint costumes, consisting, of very
short skirts of bright' colors arid pic
turesque bonnets or ; hoods. • The ' work
is, of course, very, /arduous; and ..the
tvstv look very "stroric arid, muscular.
Women Fishers.
As If the eye were not a weapon with
A'blch every young woman is already
;2p«rt, certain rules for an eye drill
iay« recently been promulgated. It
teems that the beauty of a woman's
)rbs lies not so much in their shape
tnd color as In the way she uses them,
rlence a long list of directions for ro
ating them so that the muscles may
>c best trained. Man never knows
rhen he is safe.— Boston Transcript-
Showing a smart hat in shades of brozvn, zvith cream tips
shaded at the point with burnt orange. The French felt and
shirred taffeta crown are of light 'brozvn, with underfacing
and edgefolds of dark autumn brozvn panne velvet; A cream
satin rosette lies on the bando at the left side. •
In contrast to Russia, Japan appears
a modern nation. The Asiatic empire
epends more money on education and
has more children in school than the
Slavic power. Toklo has several times
as many book stores and news stands
as St. Petersburg. The Japanese live
under a constitution which gives them
a definite system of public law and
which safeguards their personal ' lib
erty. The Government grants religious
freedom throughout the empire. In the
war proclamations and utterances of
every sort the Japanese have shown a
pelf-restraint, an absence of boasting
and a - respect for their enemy which
have been noticeably lacking in the
pompous pronunclamentbes -of their
opponents. In spite of its training in
Asiatic ideals Japan has proved itself
much closer in spirit than Russia to' the
United . States and the nations of
Western Europe.— Kansas City Star.
stubborn antagonists which any army
can encounter. It reveals a willing
ness literally to conquer or die. which
Is appalling to officers commanding
opposing forces.— Cleveland Leader.
Why should rainbow-chasing be eo
Crowned on* It fills the hearts of the
:hasers with a joy keen enough while
t lasts and It doesn't fade the colors
on the rainbow in the least— Baltimore
American.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
SURE.
Mrs. Henpeck— Do 'you think dark
haired men marry first?
Mr. Henpeck— No; it's the light-head
ed ones.
Miss Teachem — I have Buch unruly
boys in my class that I am compelled
to chastise them frequently, and many
times my right arm aches from the use
of j the strap.
Mr. Smartly— Well, why not switch?
SPARE THE ROD.
ON the same day California and Washington, the two leading
maritime States on this coast, voted on a constitutional amend
ment to exempt American shipping from State, county and lo
cal taxation. The amendment carried in Washington and was
beaten, as far as known, in California. The indifference of our peo
ple to a matter of such vast import is inexplicable. San Francisco
gave the amendment a small majority, but Oakland and Alameda
County seemed to enjoy great satisfaction in defeating it by a large
majority.
We admire consistency, and Oakland was certainly consistent,
for she had just voted down bonds to increase the size and safety
of her own wharves on her own harbor. But that city is getting
millions out of the Federal Government to make a harbor where
nature failed to put one. Along that harbor private capital has
planted extensive yards for the building of American ships. But
the people vote not to have ships under the American flag by putting
upon the flag a penalty, in the shape of heavy local taxation. In
logic end cMc philosophy a tax that can return no benefit to the
property that pays It is punitive. The Federal Government taxes
bogus batter, not to benefit but to destroy It. The punitive power of
taxation Is used to destroy. It is exactly like a fine put upon a crim
inal in court. It is for his punishment
With American shipping exempt on Puget Sound, and subjected
to punitive taxation here, San Francisco, and her indifferent but ultra
marine sister, Oakland, will not have any American shipping. It will
go to the Sound, where even wharfage is free, so anxious are our
nVels for maritime supremacy.
Not necessarily for publication, but to satisfy a justifiable cu
riosity, we would like to know the reason for Oakland's prejudice
cgainst the American flag on a ship. We punish American ships
byv high local taxation, but they have to compete with foreign ships
rannot be taxed at all. The United States wants 13,000,000 feet'
iber shipped to the Panama canal. The job was let on bids.
merican ships, punished here for flying the Stars and Stripes,
>eaten in the bids by a German line, and our lumber will be'
» under the flag of the Kaiser. We mention this in order to
je Oakland, as that sort of thing is what she voted for.
THE SHIPPING AMENDMENT.
tion of her charms and her romance.
These tributes to her vanity serve mere,
ly as an advertisement of her folly.
They help to mark her as a woman
who has made a mistake.
There is no escape from Vhis conse
quence of her Indiscretion. Until old
age she will be pointed out as "a wom
an who eloped," and it will not take
many years for this distinction to be
ccme distasteful to her.
Furthermore, if her marriage turns
out unhappily she will get more than
half of the blame, even though she does
not deserve it. "What can you expect?"
people will say.
She lowered herself in her husband's
regard at the very beginning of their
life together by the clandestine way
that she married him. And the saddest
part of it all is that there will be at
least a grain of truth In this popular
opinion.
"Love without esteem," says Dumas
fils, "cannot reach far or fly high; it
is an angel with but one wing."
If a , couple of young lovers whose
marriage is opposed by their elders
would only have the patience to wait a
little all would turn out well, or at least
for the best. Parents are not often un
reasonable.
It is natural that a father who un
derstands the temptations of men' and
the difficulty of making a decent liveli
hood should wish to hedge his daughter
about by every safeguard, and should
be slow to consent to her marriage with
a young fellow who has not yet had a
chance to prove himself. :'•, '•'•""
It is not strange that a mother who
has known the suffering and privations
of bringing up a family on a small in
come should hesitate to give up her
daughter to" a man whom she has no
particular reason to trust.
If a young man Is not able to see any
point of view but his own In his woo
ing, if he urges upon a girl a course of
conduct which is doubtful in its expe
diency, one which may later bring her
regret, he does not really love her — he
loves himself.
And if she yields to his persuasions he
never will love her— as it is her woman
ly right to b« loved. After marriage he
will simply go on loving— himself.
A girl cannot afford to make herself
or her love common in any way. She
has too much to lose. Once she is
talked about adversely she is at the
mercy of every unfavorable breath of
criticism that blows. She has sacrificed
the privilege which other women, more
discreet than herself, enjoy of doing
what seems right, fearless of censure.
An elopement or a secret marriage
never makes a girl appear to others as a
heroine, in spite of the fact that she
gets her name in the papers, with her
best photograph and a glowing descrip-
I THINK it would not be amiss for
me to say a word on the subject of
elopements and' secret marriages.
Indeed, I am eager to do this, for
I feel that any young girl who
loves a man without her parents' sanc
tion to his suit is like a ship without a
rudder, tossing helpless in a storm.
In her perplexities she has no one in
whom to confide except her lover— who,
naturally, is biased In his own interest
—and possibly an intimate friend, who
has no more experience in life than her
self.
There is no other occasion in a wom
an's life when she needs her own people
about her so much as on her marriage
day. Then she is taking the most de
cisive step in her career, the step by
which her happiness and her honor
stand or fall. .''••:::
She Is entering an estate from which
death alone can free her honorably.
Divorce, whether Justified or not from a
woman's point of view, leaves inva
riably a shadow on her name. The fact
that she herself is absolutely free from
reproach does not save her from humil
iation.
The Judgment of the world In regard
to these things still hinges upon a
prejudice, as hard and narrow as that
of the medieval knight of whom Mrs.
Browning sings in "The Romaunt of
the' Page." The wife who has, as the
poet expressed it, "unwomaned herself"
out of love for her husband, is doomed
to hear the latter Bay, in verdlot on her
conduct:
Look up— thcra i« a. small, bright cloud
Alone amid th« skies.
So hlrh— so pur«— and so apart
A woman's honor lies.
preceding week. I
The feature of the week was the activity in stocks from one
end of the country to the other. New York stocks were remarkably
active, dealings being the heaviest for several years, and at rising
prices as a rule. Nothing could stem the eager rush to buy standard
bonds and dividend-paying stocks. Opinions from recognized finan
cial authorities that prices for stocks had been run up to the divi
dend-paying limit, and in some cases even over it, produced no
perceptible effect on the bull movement. The public were in the
market as buyers, and they bought right along. Once or twice the
daily transactions largely exceeded 2,000,000 shares. This may be
aptly compared with the dullness of last spring, when the day's
dealings several times fell to something like 100,000 shares. Here
in San Francisco there was a marked increase in activity on the
Stock and Bond Exchange, with prices for sugar and other stocks
advancing. Boston had a booming copper market.
This stock exchange activity in different parts of the country
was significant. It showed an abundance of money and a general
desire to invest, widespread confidence in the future and a boldness
oru}- witnessed in seasons of prosperity. If there had been any
doubt of the country's prosperity the public would have let stocks
of all kinds alone. While a stock boom is not to be desired and will
probably be vigorously checked by the great financial interests if it
grows to dangerous proportions, it has not thus far done any harm
and has been beneficial in* calling the idle money out of the vaults
and setting it again into circulation. If it is placed at a dividend
plane of values it will be well invested and will flow back into com
mercial channels in the form of dividends and interest coupon pay
ments ; but if placed above dividend values it will be tied up and
probably produce a reaction toward more reasonable quotations.
Some sagacious financiers think that that point has already been
reached. If it has not, it is not very far from it.
Stocks, however, are not the only line showing increased
activity. Many of the staples exhibit an expanded movement. Iron
and steel, coal, hardware, wool and its manufactures, hides and
leather, lumber and other building material, groceries, cattle, sheep
and hogs, paints, glass and numerous minor products are found in
the processional activity. The jobbers all over the country are
increasing previous orders more or less. Collections, already good,
are reported even better, especially in the West and South, where the
excellent corn and cotton crop prospects impart a general feeling
of confidence in another good year. Aside from the diminished
exports of wheat, it may be said that all the important staples show
gains over the past few weeks. Provisions are not active, but they
are holding their own, and the condition of the provision market is
a good barometer to trade.
- . Ojy. local conditions show no relapse. The Pacific Coast has
sent in excellent reports for six years and continues to send them
in, with no indications of a break. Our coast products, with the
exception of raisins and prunes, are moving out of producers' hands
as fast as they are harvested, and are bringing first-class prices. All
banks, city and country, report money plentiful at normal rates of
interest, and the magnitude of building operations, particularly in
San Francisco, is attracting general attention. This is a remarkable
era of business activity, and apparently the end is not yet.
THE election has come and gone and trade is running along as
briskly as before, under a full head of steam. There are no
signs* of slackening anywhere. Those skeptical ones who
thought that the current activity was largely fictitious and strained
to effect the election now admit that the expansion in business «is
genuine.
In spite of the election, which gave only five business days last
week, the bank clearings of the country showed a gain over last year
of 12.8 per cent, while the' failures were only 213, against 283 last
year. But it is worthy of note that about half of the more important
cities showed a loss in clearings, whereas during the preceding week
all but four showed a gain. The aggregate clearings, too, showed
a decrease, being $2,329,400,000, against over $2,800,000,000 for the
TRADE STILL LIVELY.
By DOROTHY FENIMORE
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1041. . •
Townsend's, California Glace fruits ta
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at."
"Mabel," . yelled the old man, who
read the war ' news carefully ; every
day, "Is that young man down there
yet?"
"Yes, father."
"This begins to look a good deal like
a, decisive engagement"
•* "No, father." .
"Well,* if it r ain't? it's time for; you
to retire."— Wilkes-Barrer Leader..
Time to Retreat.
IN FULL CHARGE — J. s.. City.
The master of a vessel is always in
full charge when there i 3 a pilot on
board except as to the matter of sail
ing the vessel to a safe anchorage.
The master has the power to dis
charge the pilot at any time.
FRANKLIN TUNNEL— W. O H
City. The length of the Franklin
tunnel on the line of the Santa Fe.
between Stockton and Point Rich
mond, is 1200 feet.
AFFECT-C. S. O.. City. The sen
tence. 'IHls transfer to another depart
ment will not affect this department."
is correct.
ANSWERS
"High Living, Recipes from South
ern Climes," is the title of a little book
Just published in attractive form by
Paul Elder & Co. It Is the work of
Mrs. L. L. McLaren and' Is published
for the benefit of the Telegraph Hill
Neighborhood Association, which is
composed of young women who have
done so much good for the women
and children living on the big hilL
They are In need of money to carry
on their good work, and one of their
ways of raising money is the sale of
Mrs. McLaren's book. It contains a
splendid collection of recipes that
every housewife should possess.
BOOK OF RECIPES
Copyright, 1904, by K. A. Whitehead
CHAPTER V.
The hero languishes In jail,
The villain with a grin,
Says that he'll go the hero's bail
And wed the heroine.
But, ho! The hero's innocence
Is proven by a friend;
They, wed; the villain slouches thence;
Proud father melts. (The End.)
— Chicago Tribune.
CHAPTER IV.
Proud father, villainy hero, too,
Detectives by the. score;
Proud father: "Ne'er again must you
Be darkening my door!"
The villain laughs his scornful sneer
Whose tones are circumflexed.
The hero: "Walt for me, my dear 1 '
(Continued in our next.) ,
CHAPTER II.
The villain with his cigarette
Now woos the heroine;
She. wails the day^she ever met
A man so filled with sin.
"Refuse men, gyurl?" he coldly sneers,
While she stands there, perplexed, :
"Then you shall be, through all your
years" — -
(Continued in our next.)
CHAPTER III. Y .
The hero mee.ts the villain now;
The hero says "Aha!"
And- wildly mops his furrowed brow;
The villain mutters "Bah!"
The villain tells the hero' he
, Some money has annexed.
The hero swears he soon shall be"
(Continued in our next.)
CHAPTER I.
Before her proud old father stands
Th« heroine so fair.
(A half a page about her hands,
A page about her hair.)
"You shall not wed this man," growls
he. 't' •;-•"•:
(We think we quote the text.)
"Dare to defy my rule, you'll be"
(Continued in our next.)
Chicago's new swing bridge across
the Chicago River has a movable part
275 feet long, each leaf of which
weighs 2,000,000 pounds.
Oftentimes after Miss Henderson had
left in the evening Bradford stood over
the tiny flower bed and soliloquized.
How different the office seemed! How
bright and clean his desk always
looked! How much the mirror added
and the clean towel — and these flowers!
They grew and bloomed happily under
her care. What would not?
"Miss Henderson," began Bradford
one afternoon when she was leaving
early, "I am glad I added the word
'preferred' to my advertisement for a
stenographer three months ago."
The girl looked surprised, but she was
not.
"Yes?"
"If I had simply said 'male' you
would never have ventured to apply."
He twisted his penwiper — one she had
made him — Into an unsightly string.
"I — I hare never approved of woman
in business."
She put her hatpins in carefully,
slowly. "No?" she intimated by an ele
vation of her brows.
"Nor— nor anywhere," he confessed.
"I've always argued to the contrary."
"But argument does not prevail ha
anything which matters seriously," ad
mitted tha girL •
"And this matters, seriously, Marjo
rie," he said, moving toward her. "It
matters awfully— I have to have one.
In business and — and everywhere. Will
you let me have her? I know It isn't
business-like, but— I love you."
Marjorie" Henderson looked at him.
squarely In the eyes. "And I prefer a
partnership to a salaried position. You
ccme to the house to-night, and well
talk it over with mother. It need not
be all business then."
Bradford has a little "want" adver
tisement framed above the desk in his
private office to-day, right over her
photograph. For the business has
grown and there are many clerks— but
all "male preferred."
was quick, and often she suggested lit
tle ideas for featuring good3 he waa
advertising and quoting.
When she asked If she might hare
a box of flowers in the narrow window,
Bradford put his hands in his pockets
and strode up and down the room. But
she had her way, and soon a box of
blooming nasturtiums gave the dingy
room a cheerful aspect. Every morn-
Ing before he was ready to give her his
letters she watered them with a ridic
ulous little red watering pot.
"I have never approved of
women In business.**
p LEONORA DUSE, the famous
L/ Italian actress, Is peculiarly sen
|^ - sitive and highly strung. When
she is not playing or rehearsing
she spends her time in perfect rest
and lives in almost nunlike seclusion.
She has a companion who arranges her
journeys and engages rooms for her at
hotels. This woman sees that Duse's
apartments are at the back of the ho
tel and, if possible, overlooking a gar
den, for she cannot bear street sounds
and sights. The furnishing of . her
room is important Everything must
be scrupulously clean, severe and aulet.
for her highly wrought sensibilities
cannot tolerate the distraction of pic
tures and ornaments. /"
SIGXORA ELEOXORA DUSE.
all, a woman could learn to be busi
ness-like.
"I will bring a little mirror and — a
towel and some soao in the morning;
Mr. Bradford, if you don't mind," she
said as she left. "Good night."
"A mirror!" Bradford sighed. This
was only the beginning. But he waa
always glad when nine- thirty arrived
and sorry when closing time came.
Business seemed to increase: he sent
out so many letters- Miss Henderson
Alone, Bradford lit a cigar and
leaned back in his desk chair. What
had he done? He had engaged a
woman, a girl, as a stenographer! She
would always be in the office; he could
not swear—he wondered if he should
smoke — neither could he take off his
coat and put his feet on his desk when
he wanted to think things out and
bring an unruly customer to time.
But the next morning found him
eagerly waiting for 9:30. He could
not tell why, but the appearance of a
trim little tailor-clad figure In the
doorway made him glad.
"I — I may put my. hat on your
desk?" she asked, laying a neat felt
hat on the top of his desk. She had
only a flat table.
"Oh — oh, no," he said. "Let me — I
say, we will have to have a hook over
there above the wash bowl. Yes. put
it there." What a nuisance women
¦were he tried to convince himself. A
woman's hat on a man's desk!
An atmosphere of strangeness, of
embarrassment and awkwardness filled
the tiny, office all day, and yet Brad
ford did not lok at the dirty, dingy
elevated road for light as he had been
accustomed;, it was brighter in the of
fice.. He dictated his letters and was
pleased > to note their faultless pages,
their neat arrangement, their work
man-like appearance." Perhaps, alter
"And— about— about salary?" he ask
ed awkwardly. It was all rot — this
woman-in-business idea. They had no
right there. He would have a man. He
felt like a cad talking to a woman
about salary. What did she know of—
of business?
"I believe It is the employer's pre
rogative to name tho salary," said the
girl Bimply.
Bradford after searching: hopelessly
In his mind for a combination of
words and figures in which to adjust
the financial end of the transaction
named the amount which he had had
In mind when Inserting the "ad."
"That will do very nicely," said the
girl rising. After all. this business
life was not so hard— men were not so
heartless.
"And your name?" asked Bradford.
"Henderson — Marjorie Henderson,"
she said, smiling.
"And when will you conw?" Brad
ford surprised himself at th» way in
which he let her suit her own con
venience.
"That, too, is your prerogative,** sh«
replied, an odd little expression of def
erence in her eyes.
"To-morrow? Is that too soon?"
He had not expected to have his sten
ographer until the following week,
but, after all, no doubt the sooner he
had one, the sooner his business let
ters would commence to brine: srood re
sults.
"Very well, to-morrow. And at what
hour?" This man had not told her
anything of his demands upon his em
ployes. She had "fancied herself de
parting with a list of rules a page Ions.
to all of which she must adhere rieidly.
"Oh, about 9:30," he said. He had
decided when he had inserted the
advertisement that he would get to
business earlier and have his stenog
rapher there with him. But — oh, well,
women should not have to get down
too soon; it was hard on them.
"I will be there at that hour, Mr.
Bradford, thank you." And she closed
the door.
The girl saw this, but was too tact
ful to give evidence of the fact. "Yes,"
she said. "I have Just finished my
course in stenography."
Bradford liked her soft, well-modu
lated voice. It would sound well
to his customers over the 'phone. A
man's voice would not sound half so
well.
"Office work Is confining," he sug
gested, by way of discouraging her.
"Yes; but when a woman has to
make her way in the world, she puts
on a smile and faces the worst," she
replied, with just a suspicion of an
accent on the last word and with an
undeniably roguish twinkle in her
eyes. She could not Quito cast aside
the manner that had been her charm
in the old life. Family fortunes may
take wings and fly, but innate coquetry
is not to be stilled by mere financial
depression.
Bradford could not deny that her
emile had individuality. He wondered
why the women he had been forced to
meet had never smiled in just that way.
He never knew why, but he suddenly
wished the office ware cleaner. He
would certainly speak to the woman
who scrubbed and dusted in the build
ing..
"Yes, 'male preferred' is stated in
your advertisement," acknowledged
the girl, "but I wanted a position, my
first one, vary much . and — well. I've
come to see if Fate will be kind."
It was just like a girl to Introduce
such filmy, uncertain elements as Fate
Into business! And yet Bradford was
not so prejudiced as he had been ten
minutes before. He fancied the dingy
office was brighter already. Then,
there was another consideration;
women demanded smaller renumera
tion for their work, and this was still
a matter of moment with Bradford.
"This — er, you say is your first po
sition?" ventured Bradford, admit
ting, unconsciously, that the place was
hers already.
O^ORGE BRADFORD, Pur
chasing Broker," read the
girl, hesitating before the
door. She extracted a tiny
newspaper clipping from
her purse and reread it.
"Wanted: A stenographer; male pre
ferred. 16 Exchange place. G. B."
With trepidation she opened the
door and entered a small, unprepos
sessing office room.
"Good morning," said Bradford, ris
ing and then sitting down abruptly.
Business was business.
"Mr. Bradford ?" asked the girl,
handing him the clipping. "This is
your advertisement, I believe?"
"I — I had In mind a young man,"
began Bradford, obviously 111 at ease.
He had never associated with women,
either socially or in business. In the
latter capacity he had strongly disap
proved of the sex; In the former —
well, he waa determined to make
money first and love afterward.
By CECILY JU.LEN
GEORGE BRADFORD'S
CONVERSION
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
WHX D. EFRECKELS : •• Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN MeN'AUGHT Manager
FWBLICATION OmCE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
• MONDAY NOVEMBER 14, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.
SECRET MARRIAGES
AND ELOPEMENTS
FAMOUS ACTRESS
A VICTIM OF
NERVES
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
THE
CON
TIN-
UED
STORY
6PERSONALS.
Six bright candles adorned the birth
day cake and the afternoon was a
very happy one for the little host and
his guests.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13. — Prince Push
imi, member of the Japanese royal
household and special representative
of the Mikado, accompanied by three
of his countrymen and a retinue of
servants, arrived in Chicago to-day on
his way to Washington to call on
President Roosevelt
Fushiml Reaches Chicago.
Lease Mine in Mexico.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 13. — W. N.
Cannon of San Diego. Cal., and P. H.
McDermott of Los Angeles, Cal.,- have
leased for a term of years the famous
Americano mine at Terrazas, Mexico.
They made a cash payment of $1J5|»»
000 gold on the lease. -
We don't sell all the best suit eases
and bags, but all the suit cases and bags
we do sell are the best Same with
trunks, pocketbooks and wrist bags. All
lettered in sold free of charge. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Dress Suit Cases and Bags.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13. — Lack of
officers for ordnance duty and the
overtaxing of the naval gun factory at
Washington continue to be the two
most serious problems facing the
Bureau of Ordnance, according to the
annual report of Rear Admiral Mason,
chief of ordnance. Just approved by
Secretary Morton. The report recom
mends a plan of reorganization of the
bureau, which will be submitted later,
with a view to increasing the supply
of ordnance experts.
REORGANIZATION PIjANNED
FOR ORDNANCE BUREAU.
WINNIPEG. Nov: 13.— In a religious
disturbance that occurred in the Rus
sian colony here to-day, a bishop of
the Greek Church of America was
stripped of his vestments before hi3
congregation ,< by Gallicians, a dissatis
fied faction of the body, and in a bat
tle that followed the cathedral was
practically destroyed. , ;
A number of Gallicians, five of whom
were later arrested, attended church
and, while the bishop was preaching,
started to sing Russian comic soners.
The bishop expostulated at this, which
incensed the disturbers.
The Intruders, it is ohartred. seized
him while kneeling, tore off all his
vestments and cast them from the
cathedral. His crucifix and beads were
thrown through a window, and the
church ornaments followed. The van
dals then overturned the altar and
smashed everything they could get
their hands on.
Several of the faithful, who stood by
in silence, then made an attack on the
Intruders and rallied around the bishop,
with the result that the Gallicians
were driven off.
Bishop Serafin is looked upon as an
impostor by some of the Greek
churches, despite the fact that he has
been permitted to ordain priests. Lit
tle is left of the bishop's cathedral,
which was razed to the ground.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
The report says the Nome wireless
station has daily and uninterruptedly
transmitted the entire telegraphic busi
ness of the peninsula, 5000 words being
exchanged In one afternoon between
Safety Harbor and St. Michael. The
signal corps of the army, Greely say3.
is now regularly operating the longest
wireless section of any commercial tele
graph system in the world. The annual
business of the Seattle cable la esti
mated at 525.000, and during the year
there has been spent $56,935 for Alaskan
telegrams handled by the signal corps.
Speaking of the Philippines, he sayH
the sixteen most Important Islands of
the archipelago are now connected by
cable, which lines, he adds, are recog
nized as indispensable both by the mili
tary and civil authorities.
General Greely adds that after thor
ough consideration he decided to install
material of American manufacture, to
be operated by American soldiers and
to be lalrt by American ships. Every
thing connected with the line Is Ameri
can with the exception of some cable
Instruments and machinery. A selected
force of men has been so trained that
to-day the signal corps of the army is
competent to operate in war emergen-*
cies a submarine cable of fry lexgth.
"Repairs In Alaska are made." the re
port says, "by parties stationed at log?
cabins about forty miles apart, one
signal corps repair man, with two as
sistants of the line of the army and a
dog team, being at each cabin. The
men meet the terrible conditions of
hardship and privation uncomplaining
ly and with a fortitude characteristic
of the American soldier."
General Greely says the United States
has brought Southeastern Alaska, the
Yukon Valley and the Bering Straits re
gion into telegraphic communication
with the rest of the civilized world.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— General A.
W. Greely, chief signal officer of the
United States army, in his annual re
port gives an interesting account of the
work performed by his corps in estab
lishing 'an ail-American telegraphic
system in Alaska, saying the undertak
ing is unique in the annals of tele
graphic engineering. The cables used
in the Alaskan system would reach
from Newfoundland to Ireland and the
land lines from Washington to Texas,
there being 2079 miles of cables, 1439
miles of land lines and 107 miles of
wireless lines.
General A. W. Greely Tells of
Great Task Completed by
Signal Corps of the Arniy
Gallicians Break Up Re
ligious Services in the Rus
sian Colony in Winnipeg
EEPOET 3TADE ON W0KK
KIOT ON THE SABBATH
Strip a Greek Bishop of His
Vestments and Cast Them
American System of Cables,
Telegraph and Wireless
Lines Pains to Far North
VANDALS WRECK
THE CATHEDRAL
ALASKA PLACED
AT OUR DOOR
NEW MEMBERS TAKEN IN.— Th« Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children filed Its monthly report. Antonle
Bore! was made a life member. John C Cole
man. W. S. Wilson, ' A. Wenzelbercer and Mrs.
R. Sherwood were made annual membera/wawf
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— Post
Commissary Byron K. Smith at the
Presidio of Monterey will be sent to
the Presidio at San Francisco, report
ing on his arrival to the commanding
officer of the infantry cantonment for
duty. Contract Surgeon Ira Ayer,
U. S. A., is relieved from duty In the
Department of California and will
proceed to New York City and upon
arrival report by letter to the surgeon
general of the army for annulment of
contract
Sergeant of. the first class Elmo D.
Mathews of fne Hospital Corps, now
at Fort William H. Seward, Alaska,
will be sent to the Presidio at San
Francisco, reporting on his arrival to
the commanding officer of Company
B of the Hospital Corps, who will
send him to Manila on the transport
sailing about December 1.
The following assignments to regi-
Sients of officers recently : promoted
are announced: Charles W. Mason,
major of the Fourth Infantry, to lieu
tenant colonel of the Twenty-ninth
Infantry; David C. Shanks, captain of
the Eighteenth Infantry, to major of
the Fourth Infantry; William H. Al
laire, captain of the Twenty-third In
fantry, to major of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry; James D. Taylor Jr., first
lieutenant of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry, to captain of the Twenty-third
Infantry; H. Clay M. Supplee, second
lieutenant of the Nineteenth Infantry,
to first lieutenant of the Twenty-sixth
Infantry; Alexander M. Hall/ second
lieutenant of the Twenty-eighth In
fantry, to first lieutenant of the Twen
ty-fourth Infantry.
Army Orders.
Miss Lillian Reid of Los Angeles and
W. L. Clack of Tucson, Ariz., were
married at St. Luke's Church last
week. The ceremony was witnessed by
relatives only — Mrs. Reid, Mr. and Mrs.
Edward R. Klllam, Mrs. W. C. Truman
and William ' P. Reid, the last named
coming from Los Angeles to be pres
ent. A wedding breakfast was served
at the St. Francis. Mr. and Mrs. -Clack
In the afternoon a reception was held
from S to 6. Mrs. Snook was assisted
in receiving by her daughters, daugh
ters-in-law and grandchildren, among
whom were these: Miss Snook, Mrs.
O. M. Tupper, Mrs. E. W. Williams,
Mrs. E. L. Wemple, Mrs. George W.
Snook, Mrs. Frederick W. Snook, Mrs.
Charles E. Snook, Mrs. James A. Snook,
Miss Helen Tupper, 1 Miss Mildred
Snook, Miss Helen Gene Snook.
In the evening there was a complete
reunion of the family, sons and grand
sons being present at this time, mak
ing a membership for the Snook family
of thirty-two. Mr. Snook, who is 78
years of age, is a pioneer, having ar
rived in San Francisco in '49, after
coming around the Horn. Mrs. Snook,
eight years younger than her husband,
crossed the plains with her father
in '62.
The golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs.
William S. Snook was celebrated on
November 5 at their home, 806 Thir
teenth street, Oakland. The date, one
for wide congratulation and remem
brance, was honored by the presence
of children, grandchildren and many
friends-
WEDDINGS.
HOME PARTIES.
Miss Emmy Bendewald was hostess
at an entertaining musical given at
her home on November 4. The pro
gramme was as, follows: Vocal quar
tet. Miss Allie McNulty, Miss Grace
Seton, Mr. Lyon and Mr. Evans; cor
net solo, Cecil Cline; mandolin duets,
Mr. and Mrs. Goldstein; violin solos,
Theodore Fuendeling; songs, George
Dannenberg. Louise Bendewald and
Harold Goldstein; banjo jig, Emil
Neunaber; piano duets, Miss Queenie
Fuendeling and Miss Emmy 'Bende
wald; recitations, Professor Kowen
and Miss Georgie Wayland. Among
those present were: Misses Bertha
Neunaber, Minnie Koehler, Queenie
Fuendling, Marguerite Popert, Georgie
Wayland, Annie McNulty, Grace Seton.
Mrs. Goldstein, Misses Emmy, Elsie and
Louise Bendewald, Theodore Fuend
ling, Cecil Cline, George Dannenberg,
Professor Kowen, Lea Inglis, Eugene
Goldstein, Emil Neunaber, Harold
Goldstein, Mr. Persons and Mr. Cool.
A luncheon party, given by a club
of young ladles at a downtown
restaurant on Saturday was a very
pleasant affair. Under the chaperon
age of Mrs. Bert Listner the following
were present afterward enjoying a
theater party at the Alcazar: Miss
Irma Harris, Miss Goldie Edberg, Miss
Sara Jacobson, Miss Camille Harris,
Miss Camille Rosenberg, Miss Hazel
Kochmann, Miss Pauline Rothschild,
Miss Jeanette Macks, Miss Florence
Levine, Miss Ida Schary.
A tea entertainment for the benefit
of the Orthodox Ladies' Endeavor So
ciety will be held at 1716 Powell
street on November 15, 16 and 17,
afternoons and evenings. The Right
Rev. Bishop Innocence of Alaska will
bless the opening of the affair on
Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. He
will be attired in gorgeous garments
of silver and gold and will wear a
magnificent mitre of gold and Jewels.
The ladies, in beautiful Russian cos
tumes, will serve tea and will also
wear kokoshiniks, the typlical Rus
sian peasant headdress. There will be
many different articles of Russian
handwork on exhibition and for sale.
The officers of the society are: Presi
dent, Mrs. P. Popoff; vice president,
Miss M. Dabovitch; secretary, Mrs. T.
Pashkovsky; treasurer, Mrs. M. El
liott A programme of music will be
given each afternoon and evening.
The ladies who will assist are: Mrs.
Constantine, Mrs. Mltropolsky, Mrs.
Dabovitch, Mrs. Kashevaroff, Mrs.
Greersky, Mrs. Napp, Mrs. J. F.
Adams, Miss Irene Radovitch, the
Misses Mitropolsky, Miss Elsa Ament,
Mrs. Krasoff, Mrs. Peterson.
Master Sanford Lewis entertained
thirty-seven of his little friends on
November 5 in honor of his sixth
birthday. The home of hia parents
at 1680 O'Farrell street was full of
merriment on the occasion, for the
little folks had all their hearts could
wish in the way of amusement, con
sisting of games with prizes, music,
dancing and recitations. The house
was decorated with American , flags,
while the table was dressed In' 1 pink.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Bayard Hicks of 180
McAllister street announce the engage
ment of 'their daughter, Edna, to
Thomas Tiffin Burnett
Mr. and Mrs. Leon de Roos have an
nounced the engagement of their
daughter, Mabel, to L A. Rothenberg.
A reception was held yesterday at their
home, 965 Hayes street
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stern of 123
Liberty street announce the engage
ment of their daughter, Hannah, to
Samuel Goldstlne of Monterey.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Levin announce the
engagement of their daughter, Blanche,
to Albert M. Getz. They will receive
next Sunday afternoon, November 20,
from 2 to 6, at 1123 Leavenworth street
The engagement of Miss Estelle F.
Davies^of Mariposa and David V. Cu
nco is announced.
EXGAGEMEXTS.
The Association of Pioneer Women
ef California met on Friday afternoon
et its headquarters at Golden Gate
Hall.
With felicitations Mrs. Anna Mcln
tyre presented her successor In the
chair, Mrs. Agnes B. Macdonald, and
right gladly was she welcomed as pre
siding officer, although it was with
great reluctance that Mrs. Mclntyre
v as permitted to retire. It was under
II rs. Mclntyre's regime that the or
ganization founded by Mrs. Noble Mar
tin has risen to Its present prosperity.
The rpecial work now in hand by the
Pioneer Women is the preparation of a
memorial to the next Legislature pe
tioning for an appropriation to place
two statues of California's pioneers in
the art rotunda at Washington." Now
this matter has been thoroughly can
vassed in this column before- The ob
ject is most worthy, and the Pioneer
Women, by virtue of their priority of
residence and the honor due them in
*-onsequcnce, seem to be the proper
bedy to memorialize the Legislature.
But the Native Daughters demand
The Mills Club convened last Tuesday
afternoon in the Sorosls clubhouse.
A muelc programme was given by
Mrs. Ingeborg Larsen. who sang "Oh,
3)ry Those Tears." and by Miss Mary
TaEmore and Miss Dorothy Pasmore,
v. ho played compositions for piano and
cello.
Professor Josiah Keep of Mills Col
lege addressed the members on "The
Poetry of Shells." This talk was not
only instructive, but rich with imag
inative beauty.
The Channing Auxiliary, Mrs. W. R.
"Wheeler president, provided an inter
esting afternoon for its members last
Monday, when the regular session was
held in the Unitarian parlors. A paper
on "Fiction as a Moral Agent," read by
Ztfrs. George Oulton. will live long In
the annals of the club. With a deft
¦usage of words, chosen with precision
to fit a delicate theme, Mrs. Oulton
eald, among other things, that "novels
reflect an impression of life, not a re
production." From the time of bards,
with their harps (who were the first
ctory tellers), the trend of tales has
been love and adventure^ — novels deal-
Ing with truth, romance with fiction.
In the realm of imagination fiction
thrives; imagination, God-given, is to
be freely used by all who strive for the
field of literature. Dumas' fiction Is no
ble, powerful and immortal, while Dau
det is the most graceful of French hu
morists."
The reader spoke of Balzac as under-
Standing supremely the pathology of
the affections, while she attributed to
George Eand the motherhood of nat
uralism, with Flaubert its father. The
closing lines of the paper claimed even
more attention than those preceding, as
the whole topic was cleverly sum
marized in a group of terse, compre
hensive paragraphs.
This is the type of paper that stimu
lates thought— and blessed be the thing
that promotes thought! We can't have
too much of it in these degenerate
iflays of helter-skelter scrambling for su
premacy. The afternoon was pleasant
ly terminated by two violin solos, exe
ruted in fetching fashion by Miss Elsa
Fherman and Miss Mills.
The State Federation will convene
in Los Angeles in February, and there
ill be hundreds of reports to be read.
2^t evepy -delegate thereto determine
to choqfe- words that will but carry
her meaning, eliminate unnecessary
details, get a broad sweep of her sub
ject, and get through on time.
True, this is disciplinary, and seem
ingly harsh — when we all love so well
to hear our own voices — but it is a
Christian course, and the only sane
<ourse. Long sessions, it matter not
how good the papers are, will pall
when they spread their verbosity over
ri whole day — and when, as in these
glorious days, the fields are calling,
calling.
la all future gatherings of club
vomen the proclamation should go
forth to the farthermost ends of the
State that an annual convention is
not a clearing-house for the details of
club-housekeeping.
The dollars and cents spent by an
improvement club for the sprinkling
of streets or the placing of rubbish
<ans on cornera need not be expatiat
ed upon in detail. It is enough to
know that the club Is doing said work,
the correctness of the expenditures
being purely a domestic matter. And
¦«"ho, pray, would think of expatiating
in public upon the expenses of her
cvvTi household 1 The cases are
analogous. Clubs are households of
a large growth, and amenable to the
same laws of government as the
family.
Therefore, clubwomen, in the inter
ests of rood taste and progression —
and fewer headaches — in making your
future reports of club doings, don't —
pray don't — ko Into the Infinitesimal
details of your club work. For that,
there is no time, because it adds noth*
ing to the general Interest o* your as
sertions. We take it for granted that
your bills are correct. State explicit
ly what your club has done, or plans
to do, .and let it go at that; and let
the Ume be given to vital topics, such
as Juvenile Courts, Compulsory Bdu*
cation. State Tubercular Hospitals,
Preservation of Landmarks. Protec
tion of Forests. Reformation in Penal
2 restitutions — th eee and . manv more
live topics that directly concern the
world's welfare and happiness.
When time Is given to such topics
t <• these, delegates go back to their
clubs with new things to think about
and new things to do. And therein
Is fulfilled the primal object of federa
tions and conventions — an interchange
cf ideas; and that these may be prop
erly ventilated, let us strive to elim
inate the unnecessary and meaning
less details — and this with all due re
*r>ect to the carefully prepared reports
tt Palo Alto, whose very earnestness
Lrought about their one defect — tedi
ous detail.
At the meeting of La Puerta del Oro
Chapter, D. A. R., which was held at
the residence of Miss Ida Gibbons. 920
Polk street, the following officers were
elected: Regent, Mrs. John W. Hoyt:
vice regent, Mrs. L. L. Dorr: recording
secretary, Mrs. J. F. Halloran: corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. W. W. Wy
more; treasurer, Mrs. W. C. Miller:
registrar, Mrs. Charles H. Suydam;
historian, Mrs. H. P. Tricou: directors.
Mrs. S. C. Blgelow. Mrs. Austin Sperry.
Mrs. B. P. Flint, Mrs. C. A. Weihe. Mrs.
J. D. Bolton, Mrs. J. J. Scovllle.
Now, that programme was rood fun,
and the reasons therefor are patent
from the numbers thereon.
'Tis said that humor is not to be
made to order. Be that as It may.
humor has a fine fling in the Papyrus,
and its humorous humor.
Wit and humor, club members; contralto
eoloE — (a) "Bluest of Kyea" (Benza.), (b) "Love
Ik a Bubble" (AllUten), MUs Ella D. Mc-
Closkey; reading— (a) "Th« Bister* ' (Whit
tier), (b) "Miss O'Tool* and the Conductor"
(Anonymous), MIm H«l*n Kelleher; barytone
Eulos — (a) "Widmung" (Schumann), (b)
"Hear Ma. To Winds and Wavec," reoltativ*
and aria (Handel), Will ard Young'; soprano
polos — (a) "Las Filles de Cadiz (Dellebes).
(b) "Com* With Me" (Vander Stucken), Mile.
Dora Fllllppe of the Tlvoll Opera Company,
accompanied by Mice. Caro Roma; humorous
talk. Mr. George. Mrs. Guy F. Mlllburr,
Papyrus Club, accompanist. Programme undsrr
the direction of Mrs. A. H. Qlrard.
The Papyrus Club, Mrs. C. Mason
Kinne president, held an interesting
session — no unusual thing, for none are
stupid — on Thursday last, when the
following programme was presented:
The club has made noticeable pro
gress during the last year by enlarg
ing its scope of work and the young
ladies who have labored so diligently
toward this end are Justly proud of
their success. In addition to its orig
inal home at 120B Welsh street another
has been opened at 1314 Natoma, and
the children of that vicinity are eager
ly taking advantage of the opportuni
ties. In fact, the little tykes attend in
such numbers that it has been found
necessary to increase the seating ca
pacity of both schools, as well as the
number of workers. Classes are held
on Wednesday and Friday afternoons
from 3 to 5 o'clock, the pupils being
Instructed in sewing, darning, morals,
manners and all things that tend to
their general improvement. A needle
work class is held on Monday after
noons at the Welsh street home and
in time will be held likewise at the
other. Visitors are heartily welcome at
either school on days mentioned.
The workers of the club accompanied
the children on a picnic to Golden Gate
Park last month and the little ones
had a glorious day on the green. The
funds for this picnic were contributed
by a benevolent and interested friend
of the Little Women Club. These out
ings in the fresh air are given as often
as possible.
The necessary expenses of the club
are defrayed by a membership list,
twenty-five cents paid monthly en
titling the sriver to be a member of
the Little Women Club.
The workers of the club are Misses
Charlotte and Fannie Redlick, Miss
Grace B. Wiener. Miss Rey del Valle,
Miss Jessie B. Zacharias, Miss Ella
Michael, Miss Eva Friedman, Miss
Gertrude Mayers, Miss Lily Elias ana
Miss Essie Golden.
Clever little women, these, and bless
ings on them!
The Little Women Club held its an
nual Installation at the last regular
meeting of the club. The following
took office for the ensuing term: Pres
ident, Miss Charlotte K. Redlick; man
ager. Miss Grace B. Wiener; secretary,
MIes Jessie B. Zachariaa; treasurer.
Miss Fannie G. Redlick.
A regular meeting of the Consumers*
League was held Wednesday afternoon,
November 9, President Mrs. Sylvia
Brown in the chair. Reports of com
mittees were made. In the line of
work of the committee for arousing
public sentiment it was ordered that
placards be printed, distributed and
requested to be displayed in public
places, urging the purchasing public,
by early shopping, to lighten the labors
of the women and children employed
in the stores at the Christmas season.
The regular meeting day of the league
was changed to the third Monday in
each month.
Miss Lucile Caves of the Labor Bu
reau addressed the meeting most in
terestingly on the work of the bureau
on behalf of women and children, com
munity of Interests making the league
members most sympathetic listeners.
the right to do so, and therein lies the
rub.
Amalgamation, ladies, is the only so
lution of such a problem.
If the sole object of each body is to
see that the measure goes through at
Sacramento, and to beholdc<yie statues
rise In the Capitol, then arMtrate, Join
issues and carry the work Jointly.
The Pioneer Daughters, on hearing
the collision of petitions, laid the mat
ter on the table, preferring to Join 1s
fcues with' some other organization
working amicably along that line.
Come together, ladles!
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
With the arrival of the football and
chrysanthemum season come other
gayeties, too, crowding in rapidly and
absorbing all the time and attention
of the devotees of pleasure. Th'e x wed
ding march is as much in as
ever, and the strains of one played fifty
years ago are still harmoniously ring
ing in a household over the bay. Ex
ample sufficient, this, for laggards in
Cupid's playground, though as yet
there is no need for complaint.
will be at home in Tucson after a visit
East.
LUNCHEONS. THEATER PARTIES AflD
TEAS ARE OF INTEREST.
FOOTBALL SEASON ENGAGES
THE ATTENTION OF SOCIETY
FEDERATION SPEAKERS
MUST BE TERSE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU MONDAY, NOVEMBER, 11, 1904.
TOO MUCM TIME IS
GIVEN TO DETAILS
Among the injured are: Joseph
Halnes, engineer, Decatur, HI., prob
ably'fatally scalded; J. D. Llewellyn,
fireman, Decatur, probably fatally
burned; Mrs. W. C. Miller, Spokane,
Wash., hand crushed.
The train consisted of a combination
chair and .baggage car,, two coaches,
one parlor car, a dining car and the
private car of General Superintendent
Henley of the Santa Fe, who was ac
companied by his wife and Chief En
gineer and Mrs. Dunn. None of those
in the special, car were hurt. The
tender Jumped the track at the curve,
overturning the tender and engine,
which almost cleared the track.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 13.— A north-bound
Wabash passenger train was partially
wrecked to-day in the outskirts of
North St. Louis on a sharp curve of the
belt line tracks of the Merchants' Ter
minal Hallway Association, near the
west approach to the Merchants* bridge
over the Mississippi. Fourteen persons
were injured. The accident was caused
by the wheels of the tender leaving the
rails on the curve.
Locomotive Follows and Is
Completely Overturned at
the Side of the Track
TENDER LEAVES BAILS
Wabasli Express Partially
Wrecked at a Curve in
North St. Louis Suburbs
TRAIN DITCHED;
FOURTEEN HURT
Mrs. Simon Baruch and Miss Ba
ruch will bo home the third Wednes
day in November at their residence,
1559 McAllister street.
Mr., and Mrs. Jessie S. Greenfield,
who have returned from their wed
ding trip, will be at home to their
friends on the third Tuesdays at their
apartments in the Ainslee, 620 Turk
street.
C. C. McDougall is making 1 an East
ern trip and will stop at St. Louis be
fore returning: to San Francisco, about
December 1.
Mr. and Mrs. Alean H. Brown are
In St. Louis visiting the fair. Mrs.
Brown was formerly Miss Maud P.
Smith of Monterey.
Mr. and Mrs. Leo C. Cohn and Mrs.
S. Askerson have taken residence at
645 Devisadero street.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Crim Jr.
sailed from Boston on October 29 on
the Romania for Naples.
Mrs. Louis C. Pistolesi-is in New
York City, having arrived there a
fortnight since, after visiting the fair
and Chicago. . ., . .
Mr. and Mrs. Myer. Abrahams are
living at 1826 Buchanan street, hav
ing recently moved from 2829 Clay
street. ' * " "' • "" ' •' /
7
', • :, " ADVERTISEMENTS. -
1 HP^^^^^^KiB \k Our F ' rst B * G CLEARANCE SALE in San Francisco!!
V-4 p|]p| gi$^jrs~^l^=.^-- if This sale will begin Tuesday morning, November 15. We intend to make this sale the most interestmsr I,
ra E&s3l -^g^^:^O^-^^^^^^-^ =i^ ;; _J^!CT>v Wi '¦ onc n our history. Every second-hand piano in our establishment must be sold. Every make and style of ib
W jslffl 0 — '^v^fftjjf Kf new pianos, such as we will not carry again, will be placed on special sale at prices so far below their stand- |
II |lflf :^=^^=^^^^====^==^^^^^^M 1 • Eg ar d worth that they, cannot fail to go out of our house. Come and sec these pianos, whether you arc thinking \
I! K&i '^^^^^^^^^^-^^^^i^^^*^^^S III ' H Here is a partial list of the pianos we are offering. Note the prices: t'
t| nT^fmly'Fffi^^^ 5^^^ 5^^^ ll ! IB 1 Stoddard Square — In playable condi- 1 Harflman. — Weathered oak case. Made 2 X.ndwiar & Co. — New: discontinued I j
13 nnW'3 Ijvffi =7»^ "rSSS^Sg^j^^sSs^Pg: II 13 tlon. Not very good, but better than to order for hip hotel. L*>s Angeles. styles. Will be sold In this sale at * I
l'.$ F?Rjicl tllli Wi^^^^^^^^^^^z^^- iffi' ' H Beethoven had in hia lifetime. Stool. Hotel failed. Piano not dellvere^ To discount of. each $123.00 I-
Vi iffi HI Il§iSSiiii_5§llli3|^ 1 M I Wissner Parlor Orand— Mahogany bent 2 0 Beautiful Wew Piano.— In mahogany, Market °Price JS^Vn^Ti-K n£ fc
W tfcmiim \M ¦ IS rim case. Last one of the Mauvais walnut and oak cases; double veneer- market. ITice 5-a0. Now.. «1 , 5.00 %
Ll BWh tflflillln '^^ =^^^^^B !^^^^^^^^^^C^U H St0Ck ' RegUlar PriC6 S5^o'OO ed: iV ° ry k6yS: practlce P edals - Tnese 1 Schubert— Mahogany case, fancy carved If
11 Wt*Wl Vw'O^^ e?^^^^^^^^*i«f S^^L' jrWt ™*^^ M 1$! ciiicierinz Pancy Case Sanare Orand tory. "Never 'sold for less than J3'oo. S2GS.OO ,•
K? FS-.'^^'l^^^^^^* 1 " ' ifLi '^11 ft I I ! S * SiJo.OO (No stool or cover free with this lot.) 1 Good Common Square Piano. -812.50 |
I || labile they last' 1 ss^^ i ssh«K^ j
I Good, reliable make of Pianos.' 1 *«-^»wj_*-» v «»»"»o ¦•Kr&Jff^^Bk'WBK S^^^^'^-lfssj
I .,1 1 ¦» »#, J , £« common Upright Piano— Walnut case.. others like it for $900. This one goes ror 83S...0O |^
I All brand new.. Modern style. . 1 ¦¦¦••vvu-U"; : "«_i"iJS 1 ' ' S6OOMO ' «* WffMSS'-SS: Kfv;
I Ivory Keys. Must be sold to make i 1 x fiS&MrcSSfSr cJ^. 1 is ':: 5 . w . .'."':.. T °.^.!—.^oV.oo
g .. ,.,'. m A rare bargain So7o.W toM from new . (DO n't fail to see this.) x j^ s Howard— Mottled walnut case- L
i rOOlU /Or 3 11GW UCSIOH lUSfc Ollf" H I Wellington Upriarht— Mahogany case. Now $365.00 used 'in our Player Department. Now' \
¥& J vwjji y w m IIV/*» viV/iji>£J* ) JVHJl, \JW\s . |53 verv silently used. Regular price _ . , , , *i**?: m» £
H «. ,.i . JX*%m~— XL ¦•¦¦-¦ IB 'moo now . f.S135 OO 1 »•¦"• Tork Piano— Hand painted panel. »1«B.UO k
M HPOtilar nrir»£» QtS^f** Drir»l» Tilt" /KiAT Ha aoo.vv handsome fl g Ure d mahogany case; cop- l C. K. Hall— Recular second-hand up- \
WI •* v *'{£** iu * f** **¦'*-* "tK-W / VT. fl JVC llllt 4k 1 *C rv ||§i Weber Square Late number; fine con- per strings; finest action. Prlce^JUOO. right; good condition, good tone »
m. No Stools or Covers Free With This Lot,. H VAfT MAV-U/IM A DDK? IT I
.^^!^^^-^^™^^____s_k# YOU MAY WIN A PRIZE J
W On th. evenlnr of December 31. at 11 o'clock, thlm .ale will clo.e. and a check will be sriven to «om. one for all the money that ha. been paid jm *»r «a_^ 1 ** *?_"_* I
If at 931-933 Market Street, between Hovemtoer 15 and the clo.to* hour of the .ale. December 31. Conpon. have been i.«ued and nnmhered ¦»*_S»n» ISS^L JSS^r- V£L l~1££ £*£
m coupon, which will be placed In the coupon box. and a drawing made Wew Tear', eve. The one holding the^ luek>^coupon will £""*"•?_-*•?'_ 7 *°™ Z^J'^lZr^Zr^^aSS il
m on the Piano t>urcha.ed. If a Piano 1. bousrht on tartallment. and only S10.00 paid, our check will be made out for $10.00. If a R0WM «*»r*" E^?to£l >2____S!,m.? «100O00
H will be paid. Understand, we are not giving away apiano. We are .Imply making a pre.ent of any money that may have been paid on the Piano to «»«l«*y e°*P<» *<>"•*. |
U Thi. is certainly the _reate«t Piano opportunity ever offered in thi. city, and there are Piano, offered her. at .mall price, that, in tone and con«tnxctton. are suitable for my home, i-
I th F Wll FY B ALLEN CO I
L^ 931-933 Market, Street, SAN FRANCISCO. J
POSTUM CEREAIi.
TO BOIL
coffee only brings out the dangerous
caffeine, but to boil (full 15 minute;) '
POSTUM
briags out the full strength of Nature's
healthful grains and makes a
delicious beverage.
Get the little book, "The Road to
W«Uv11W In «*ch pks.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, \ MONDAY, NOVEMBER _._, 1904.
8
CXiOTH-jrQ g-irOVATT-Tg.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scourlnff and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg-.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OrPICBS-
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10- Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS. _^_
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 5Oc;
plates. $5; full set> all work painless and
. warranted. Chicago Dental Parlora. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.* nr. Eleventh
No cbargaKfor extracting when plates are
made; olcr*flates made over like ni*«v; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst,r.l4.1st
floor. Pheian bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 60 up; crowns. $2 up;flllings,25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary it.
to corner Sutter 'st, and Qrant ave. " -*-r"j
ALL work' guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsta. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 968 Mission, cor. 8th.
_BZSSMAKETJ3j_ITp S-AM3TRSSSII3.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory, 110 Taylr.
rsxrcATzo-T—Xw
VOCAL, piano and violin lessons; Italian
method for voice culture; all forms of tech-
nical exercise* for piano and violin; send
for prospectus: Mrs. Bertha Oeser. vocal
department: Rudolf L. Oeser. piano and vlo-
Hn. 610 Apgar St., Oakland; Phone Lake
802. ___.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions). Pheian bids.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
-shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$5D; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue). Native Sons' bids.
A — "Single page method"; no text-books; twice
the progress In arithmetic, bookkeeping, short-
hand. etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1281 Mkt,
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Pom st., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gaa engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College. 733 Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillt-n School. 113 Fultcn, nr. City HalL
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 323
Pheian bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 18C3; largest in the West; send
for circulars.
A— C.\T.T,.\nTIKn~MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pre».
SPANISH for business; daily lessons. $1 a
werk; 4 to 9 p. m. Room 42. Parrott bldg.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $2 per month:
vocal lessons $1. 823 Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght:
Individual Instruct.; all branches; day, eve.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor*»y by mall and peT-
Eonally. Miss M. G. Banett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PA RTINGTON'S. 424 Pine «t.— Night claga.
SPANISH.French.ete. Prof. De> Fillppe'sAeademy
of languages, 101S Post; eat. 1971 ;ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT 077X0-3.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly: city or country.
S. IMURA, 83» Sacramento. Tel. James 523L
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st.; tel. Main 8752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel.Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon St-ung's. 4U|j O'FarrHI; tel. Eaat 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l!>07. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPIiOYMENT WANTED — 7__(A__.
FRENCH cook, young, first-class, wants situ-
ation at $;50 to $35 month; speaks little Eng-
.isl>. Send word to MISS PLUNKETTS, 425
Sutt«-r St.. nr. Powell; phone Main 5472.
SWKDISH second-girl, with superior refer-
ences, wants a situation. Call or telephone
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st. nr. Powell.
AT MRS. LAMBERTS. 418 Powell, tel. Main
&3':2. best help of all nationalities await po-
sitions.
GERMAN girl wishes general housework; corn
petent and neat. MRS. LAMBERT, 41S Pow.
ell st. Tel. Main 5332.
A YOUNG girl, just come from Finland, would
like to get a place to do general housework,
and ?h» can't speak English. Please call at
322 Fremont st.
A VERY respectable middle-aged lady wishes
a position as working housekeeper; good
cook: very obliging; no objection to small
Yashins, 142 Perry st. ; call Monday.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do. gen-
eral housework; is good cook; city or coun-
try. 2G7 Minna St., near Fourth.
A TOUNG lady wisfies position doing upstairs
work and sewing, or second work in family.
/• city or country. Box 501. Call office.
WANTED — By a competent Canadian woman,
cocking and housework in small family. 229
Franklin st. '
WOMAN with a child wants a position to do
housekeeping. Call 113 Hayes st.
WANTED — By competent, experienced woman,
position as working cook, housekeeper, in
men's or small private boarding house. Ap-
ply box 45)10. Call office.
A WELL-EDUCATED German girl (speaks
good English) wantti position to take care
of children; $20. Apply 109 Cherry St.. bet.
Washington and Jackson.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housework. Call 631 Sec-
ond st. - < •¦"
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day, washing, ironing and cleaning;
f 1 50 a day. Address box 4917. Call office.
POSITION as companion to an Invalid or eld-
erly lady on a ranch; references. Box 4998.
Call office. ,
POSITION as secretary and companion to lady
by ono who In all respects Is admirably
suited to the task. B«x 4»1, Call office.
A COLORED woman would like to do clean-
ing or assist In housework. 16 Stockton
place, bet. Post and Sutter sts.
A SITUATION wanted by a young lady; would
like work 4 or 5 hours a day. Address 13V\i
Clara «t.
CAPABLE and educated young* woman wishes
position In good retail book or piano house.
Address box 4S6, Call office.
; A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a situation
on a ranch. Apply 1165% Pacific St.. from
8 to 12 m.
A GERMAN woman, first-class cook, wishes to
work by the day; beet of references. Box
413. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
house cleaning: $1 50 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes «t
A LADY will care for a small child at her
home; best of care guaranteed. Address box
S03. Call office.
A GERMAN lady desires a situation as work-
ing housekeeper or cook; country preferred.
Call 6M Octavla at.
SITUATION ¦ wanted as" worklnsr housekeeper
In small family; city or country. 1204 Mis-
sion, basement.
YOUNG widow would - like to keep house In
the small family; no washing.
Address , 1125 V4 Mission ,. St.. room 2.
GERMAN woman wants work by the. day,
washing, ironing and .¦ housecleanln*. Cal]
2J>0 Harriet; St., rear.
—MARION GRIFFIN.—
406 Hearst building, over "Examiner' en-
trance, corner Third and Market sta. ; tel.
Black 3eO7. Hotals and rooming-houses for
sale. Free list. We furnish abstracts free
and guarantee titles. . .
"r ~^-no 1.-
IT IS WORTH your
• location; near Ellis
and Powell. I _,..
MARION GRIFFIN.
~ XO !STOP/- THIKK-In-
• vestlgat* as such an
? n ffer a C °. I 1i e f^mr : On 3 C i
rooms; a fine corner
on Sutter street; sub-
stanttally furnished;
a splendid house; a
money maker: only
$1000 down and easy
payments.
MARION GRIFFIN. ;
" —NO. 3.—
COMB IN AND let r
us show you a 21-
room house near
Leavenworth and
Pos t ' w _11 f urn i*i Tip '1 '
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 4.—
PRICE NOW— $1800— j
A 39-room house:
profit $140 monthly
over — all — expenses;
easy to manage It;
the — roomers — -arei »
honest working peo- ;:
P ' e ' MARION GRIFFIN.
__ _______
PROFIT *»48 MONTH-
LY; nice, clean, re-
spectable rooming -
houee on the sunny
and $10 each month.
MARION GKIFF1N.
~ — NO. • 6.—
A 12-ROOM house I
v Reduced to $10«: I
Central; rent $30. j
Income over rent §17.1
All men roomers.
Not a flrst-cUss ! v_^.
house but It's re-
spectable. MARION GK1FFIN.
JMORTGAGED HOUSE;
mortgagee, who
loaned- $9C0 on a
2C-room house, asks
ua to get him an
offer: house has been
newly renovated ani
easy terms if de-
sired: a mechanics'
| house.
MARION GRIFFIN*.
—NO. 8.—
BEAUTIFULLY fur-|
nlshed 37-room house;
in best location inf
this city. You needi
but little money ;' '
($1500) to get pos-
session; dears $1"»>-!
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 0 —
IONLT $150 DOWN se-
cures a swell 12-
room house near
NOB HILL: bal.
($000) ON TIME;
fine furniture; elec-
tric lights.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MANAGED WOULD'
CLEAR $300;
MONTHLY. I
MARION GRIFFIN.
we can accommodate
you at short notice.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40fl Examiner^bulldlng.
A-CAMEItON& CO., Phone South lOoO.
3 teddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chanceg.
_ZZ_H , • ' ¦
Elegantly appointed family hotel of 2S rooms;
furnished with everything of the best; no
better location in city: high-class people;
\ furnished new about 1 yefer; It' taken ac
once* will be sold at ',j actual cost to furnish;
account of sickness.
Well located house close in, with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and carpets in
rlrst-cla?s condition: will guarantee to clear
$200- per month now and can be made ta
" clear *3C0; fine business proportion.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment- :
house; elegantly furnished ami equipped:
cheap rent; line lease; paying $000 to $SCO
per month; close in; full of nice people; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership. - •
We have a number of special bargains in flats
of C to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half coat to furnish; must
be sold; either account of sickness or de-
parture.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms in
fine block on Post st. ; full nicest kind of
roomers j^new and modern throughout: brings
in nice fticome; furniture In oak, birdseye
mapl?. velvet and axmlnster carpets; cost
$1600 to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; bijr bargain. jfl-OO.
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
$5 50 per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator; has 108 rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing $350
| to $150 per month: make offer; owner must
i leave city; only with us.
ir, rooms; rent $fi5; good furniture and car-
pets: always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
j 12S rooms: cheap rent; long lease; 'first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500. to ?600' p?r month;, must sell
; on account of other business; p n iy with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; "clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
45 rooms, rent* only $l:«; . first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $2«) per month; always full:
best buy In city; account of sickness; price
$4500. /
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on Geary;
nicely equipped throughout: all full and
clearing nice Income: price $2000.
60 rooms; n«w. modern building; elegantly fur-
nished; close , In; full of flrst-claas people;
clearing a' handsome profit; fine opportunity
toget an up-to-date house Reasonable; sick-
ness. _f ' '-*¦'•
v . ¦ -. . w ,.- _. i
Have new, modern P2-room house; rent $375;
electric lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date: U owner ¦¦' will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose: value
, $7000 to $10.0U<>. i .-¦-:-¦•
O-roomLflat; rent only" $50: water j free; oak
furniture; rood carpets; must.sell; price $400. x
'.;.':¦".: I ¦¦ -¦ . • ¦-- ;-¦¦ \"-:^-:
Model apartment-house, 2 ; and 3 . rooms; each; ,
B7J3IM_SSCHAHC-S — Cont-mcfl.
A— CAMERON _ CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar; located in thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateslass windows,
store fixtures; large stock: long lease i,^5 .
rent; doing good business: clearing 5lw J°
8200 aer month; trial given: established li
years; one of b»*t propositions in city; sick-
ness: snap; price $3500. ,
FOR sale— Stationery, school eupplles. dress
linings; well located; cheap rent: doing pooa
business; 3 living rooms; stock will in\0JLe
more than price asked; elcknass; price siow.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy ft. _
EXCHAXGES made in all kinds of real
rooming- houses and business chances. <~am-
EROX & CO., 3 Eddy st. ;
FOR sale— One of the. best hay. grain, feed,
wood. coal. lime and cement businesses in
S. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons, an
equipments; crosent owner has made a ior-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to c' ea J
from $600 to SSCO per month; trial KJYen it
desired; cart down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR eale— Fine little 3-room cottage and bam:
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; hort-e ana
bug-gy; fine well; IB minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric care: snap; $iw".
CAMERON A CO-, 3 Eddy st. / >
FOR tale— Well- furnished and «a u 'PP ed in c0 " n :
try hotel; WJ rooms: rent only $160; 10-jear
lease; newly painted and renovated throueh-
out; about 60 miles from S. F.: fine, grow-
ing town; rresent owner made fortuii* » ana
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 5 Eddy-
TOR sale— Several good business propositions
for investors euch as first-class laundry. Ice
crea.pi manufactory, bakeries, furnlEhin*
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
P, rants and many other proposition, too nu-
merous to mention: would be Pl«**ed to ha\e
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy at.
XEW Arkansas oil fi«M— G. M. B"."''''*"''-
so'jii Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock,
Ark can pet you an oil lease, trifling ex-
pense. Fnrtunes_Jromjnitur€__ale Jfaf^_.
FOR Eale-^Oood~pay|ns grocerj'. -liquors and
bakery on account of retiring. 04 Rausch
St., br.t. 7th and 8th. Howard and Folsom.
$1600— CORNER grocery nnd liquors; no op-
position: splendid location. Inquire 16.1
Buchanan st.
_ — —
FOR sale— Small candy store and Icecream par. I
lor. with 2 living rooms, completely fur-
nished. Box 4."5, Call. (
GOOD plumbing and tinning business: tools,
stoves Address YOUNGS & BARRI.
Berkeley^ ¦
FURNITl-RE business: will sell very cheap:
owner leaving city; 3 living rooms. MS
Howard st.
FOP. v»le— .Stationary, notions and icecream
ttore; living rooms, with 3 years' lease. Box
4C02. Call office.
MANUFACTURING business; 0000 boxes,
booklets,, machine, etc.; $300; full value. Box
490H, Call.
PABTNKR— Detective ai.d eollectioni small
capital; r-tabUsbed business. McDIAR-
MID'S, MI4 proadway. Oakland.
Mfni JtESTAX'HANT; groat I'.-irp-ain: fine lo-
rati-ir M'C'd business; party poinjj Kast; also
list of saloi-s. Kltcl & Carroll, 212 Kearny.
S\}X*)S for naif — At entrance to tunnel of
l??y Shore Ry. 15*21 Fifteenth ave. south.,
bet. (J and lists., nr. R. R. ave.
t_S-^CANP_ and pa<!tr>'. :> finely fur. rooms
and basement. 525 Taylor st.. nr. 1'ost.
PARTNER wanted in mtlk business; $150 mo.
to eccK Box 8tO. Call.
F<^K cal» — Cheap. lst-c!a.«s oyster and chop
hetue. 20 >i Seventh st.. nr. new pestofftce.
GROCERY and bar In Mission for sale. Ad-
dress box 4701, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a. flf lieatessen store; give
location and price. Box 4105. Call office.
WANTED — Butcher shop with full equipment.
Box 440S. Call office.
FOR sale— SmnU Bulletin route. Inquire Bul-
letin. 233 Kearny St., room 10.
50 OR 160 shares Cypress Lawn stock; a bar-
gain: $<;00. Box 427, Call office.
$1GCO HALF partner or $1900 whole; 15
rooms; bar; 3 years' lease. 21D-212 East St.
CANDY store or half Interest in njfg. busi-
nPfS ; candy man preferred. 1SI0 Market st.
FOH sa!e — A small grocery arid bar. Inquire
at Jackson Btewery. box 8o7. Call.
WELL-PAYING restaurant and boarding-
house; little eppesition. 117 Grant bid.. 1-5.
PARTNER v.-ar.led v>!th ?2OW for well-estab-
lished grocery and bar. Box 480. Call.
GROCERY and fruit store, ctveap. with three
rooms of furniture; central location: only
$C(,':>. Apply '-¦'! Telegraph ave., Oakland.
; FOR ra'.e— Perl: store fird sausage factory.
Apply to proprietor. -47 Third Ft.
RESTAURANT dcir«tr a splendid business for
Fale. <'all .*.0t Turk st.
PARTNER wanted to open a new family
liquor store. Box 4951, Cill.
BRANCH bakery and grocery; cheap. 4131^
rwenUith *r.. neir <"ar,tro.
FOR talo — First-— —U grocery and delicacy
¦ stjre. ."ftiil Army st.. cor. San Jose ave.
ROUTE 12. San Francipco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office,
FINE paying drygofxl3 More, with lease; own-
er leaving Btate; no agents. Box 44S1. Call.
A BRANCH office of Th? Call for the reception
of advert!semf-nt«> and *ub*criptions has been
opened 8t 1003 \Market St., opposite^ Fifth.
Cr^n until 11 o. m.
_OX)OING-HOTTS_S 7O23 SALE.
A— EXCHANGE FOR SMALLER HOUSE.
A prari'l rornpr on Po?t st.: ."ii> rooms; rent
521«); ("learn 5250 monthly: owner retiring nnd
will exclianfre fnr a »ni!>ll hou«e In part pay-
ment; only a !~ia]! amount (if cash required.
NORTON ft CO.. 1101 Market st.
BPECtAL BARGAIN.
14 room<? oil Hills st. ; elegantly furnished;
clears $CT».ovcr all expenses; owner sick In
hofp-tal and will cflnaider any reasonable
offet NORTON* & CO.. 1101 Market st.
SUNS OV SUNSHIXK. '
25 rooms; on Host st. : cost ?250O to furnish;
beautiful grounds; large, spacious halls:
clears ?100 over all expenses; this is the best
bargain In the city: only a irniall amount of
cash required : asking $lC00. NORTON &
CO.. 1104 Market st. 1
~ MITCHELL & CO. -~
120« Market st. . Phone Jessie 20SI
Rroming and apartment houpen, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers*. Titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO. '
A PARTLY furnished house. 18 room*, sunny,
downtown, piain but neat; price $7K0; hav-
ing other property must, sell.. Make offnr
exclusively with MITCHELL & CO., 1208
Market st. ¥ ;
FOR. SALE.
86-room house: downtown -.fine furnlture.$T>000
24 rooms; 'central; everything new; $1600;
$S0O cash.
SO rooms: downtown; transient.. $25OO
14 rooms: Putter st.: transient S1W0O
100 rooms; all rented; fine furniture; $10,000,
JCOOrt cash.
SO room*; corner hGU«e; very pw»H...03.VX>
.Beardfrg-house. 8 rooms, nr. carhouse.JSOrt
Furrl'hed house. S room*. Mission $450
Fan Francisco Or^JIt Cr., lf> Turk rt.. 1st fir.
LIST of great barjjalns; from 7 to 20O rooms;
cheap rents. To exchange for a -lodging-'
house. 377 acres land in Santa Clara County;
also 2 Oakland lots; good' paylnsr" country
hotels and roadhou?(«8. Money loaned on
furniture. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
A FINE lSdginjr-hou."\ In downtown district,
will be sold exceedingly cheap this week;
does good business year round; only reason
for sclllnfr. old ace and removal; investigate
this bargain. 737^4 Howard St.. Manilla
House.
18-ROOM house; transient; well furnished;
right in center city: north of Market; this is
a lifetime bargain: don't fall to see It; owner
going away. Inquire 319 Taylor st,
CORNER lodging-house: 32 sunny rooms, baths,
electric light, hot end cold water: rent rea-
sonable; 3 years'- lease; no agents. Address
box 440, Call office. ¦
F. ' L. SKAGGS & CO.. Hotel Brokers 25
Montgomery st., S. F.; phone James 6301;
.hotels for sale, to . lease - and exchange
throughout the West.. ' '
WILL sell my DO-room apartment -and rooming
house: corner: fine no agents. Ad-
dre*e box 4542. Call, of flee.
12 L NEWLY ; furnished : rooms ; 1 central j location . v
. DAVID ¦ BROS;, cor. Kearny-Clay.clgar store.
j FORV sale— At a. bargain, 10 housekeeping
k rooms. 428 Golden Gate av»./ ; near; Larkin.
BTTSTBTESS CHAWCES. I
RESTAURAXT and caf© d_»e to Market and
Powell sis.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
end doing a large business; best class of
patronage: owner engaged In other .busi-
ness; must sacrifice. Bee R. G./WILKE-,
25ii Kearny st. -
A— $G(>0; ROADHOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
rent ?2<): 5 years' lease; very beet location;
on San Mateo road. See R. G. WILKB, 26}j
Kearny st.
A — $2450; CORXER grocery and bar; 5 years' ,
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi- .
ness; location can't be beat; value , In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A— $5500; SALOON: about 1 block from Pheian
building: net rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice sbout $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at onc«; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE, 28% Kearny st.
A — J2600:- COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from. Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70' per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A — flSOO; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce stor»; 1 block from Palace Hotel;
Jaily reoelpts from $30 up; horse, wagon;
plac* clearing $200 per month. See R. Q.
WrLKE. -6H Kearny it.
A^ — $900 — CORNER saloon, wlLo olgar stand,
on Fourth st., llvlnsr rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $1500— Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc., must be told at once on
accourt of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 2S years as a good reliable
house. H. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A — $6500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1600; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind la the State; rare chance. '
C_:f R, G. WILKEX 26^3 Kearny st.
A — $4000; CORXEK grocery and bar; few blocks
•outh of Mark»t ?t.; net rent $90; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
In sight. See R. G. WILKE; 2«V4 Kearny st.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A — $S«X>; OORXSR saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. G. WILKp, 26^
Kearny et.
I A— $2C50; HOTEL of SO rooms; rent $1CO; lease;
j -ith first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the "cay; a good paying bust-
nets. See K. G. W1L.KE, 2o'i Kearny st."
X— $7r«; DELICATESSEX, branch bakery and
fancy twuejjr; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts ahout $2U; best location north
of Markn. Call H. G. W1L.KE, 20'^Kcarny.
A — $3500; CORXER grocery and bar on Fultou
St.; r?nt-$tiO; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about J280O; a well established and
f.rst -class paying business. See K. G.
\VILK_. 2ti'» Kearny st^
F. A. BROOKBAKK,
BUSINESS AGEXT,
017 Market Et.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom ISIS.
A GROCERY and bar, located on busy street:
larse stork and good fixtures; Al trade: •"(
nice living rooms; bargain for $850. See
IiROOKIUXK.
$l?c BUYS br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and.
miik det>ot; 3 nice rum. rooms; cheap rein;
a bargain. 5te PP.OOKBAXK. 817 Market.
(336-^-PAHTK _K fnr well-paying cigar stand
on Market Et.; elegant ttxturrs: tulj Ftock;
money-miker. See BROOKBAXK.
$773 BUYS a nice llttie grocery and bar;
pood stock and fixtures; t!i<ai> r^nt. WEST*
ERN KEALTY CO.. 1007:3 Market st.
fB00_._AKGE fruit store and fish m.-iiket;
hor?<> and wacon; large stock; livinK room*.
IO071.. Xip.rUet st.
WANTED — For ca»h. saloon license. X\'EST-
KRX KEAI.TY <«).. HH.."'* _arket Bt.
SALOON iritn, atteTiti^in! We have 2 good
Baloons <:n st. 1017'j Market st.
$1_.V- TAP-TNCFt. risar store, to take full
chsref. UKhTERN REALTY CO.. IOCT^j
Market EU -. : -' .-
A FIXE grocery In \\>Ftfrn Addition: new
ttork: ?,'{5'.>0 or will take partner.
Saloon on Fourth St.. near Market: $19<J0.
Houl or Ui rouiaa in good country town;
cheap r^nt ; $2riC0.
Cigar store on Third st.; rent $10; $3C0.
liocdhoue* in San Mateo County with S
seres kck»J land; 1 mile from Redwood City.
A largr list of businesses, rooming-houses
and hotel? for sale nnd exchange. EITEL.
& CARROLL. 212 Kearny St.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have just what you v.ant to buy or a pur-
chai^r for what you want to tell.
J. W. JA«JtJITH & CO..
XiVl Market Ft.,
Rooms 41S-*l"i Telephone Folsom 3468.
i A— %'.-2!>: PARTKEB in good, live restaurant.
(300— Pertner in reil estate office^ t-nap.
?-7ri — Flat, (i rooms and bath: good.
$«;.' — 14 rooms; in t:-j(Al location; snap.
i3.V.' — Saloon: g<-od corner; well wonh ?f!W.
S_/;<_— - Two ktorea in Richmond: worth $:Ji>0O.
£. F. RCA— TT CO.. HJ.!.". Market st.
$1500 — REAL cs'.ate business; a Ions estab-
lished unincuizbered Keneral real estate and
InEur&nce agency ot thoroughly reliable repu-
taticn, doiiiK good bufciness: thoroughly
e»|uii">jed; best location in Derbeley; answer
liiini'diately: a sacrifice. Box 240, Berkeley
Gazefte. office, Berkeley. K-t/'V
FI—8T-C— ASS rest2virant; central up-to-date,
modern building; fuliy equipped: 35 regular
boarders; t?bl«« for 43; receipts $20 to $30
daily: rent $50: price $' ! ."i0; owner leaves city
l">e-:. 1. Escluf ively MITCHELL & CO., 12U0
Market 'v'rW
$32.'.O BL'VS butcher business In Fuburbs of
Oakland; extensive trade: building and
ground wi main highway; retiring from
business: *e« my aeents.
. 8 7_^^wl^ ZJEglL
FOR SALE— •
$]0,0(X"> will buy a flret-clas3 commercial ho-
trl. cltarins not Ue6 than ?5000 per year;
good reason fcr selling: nr> agents. For par-
tlculars eddr«ss A. KAYSER, Bll Broadway^,
Oakl:tnd. Cal.
$3 EACH — I have 2 n»w style penny gum
tr-a^hlnes; they are dandles; with $200 to
S.ifO you can make a (rood nni easy living;
I give exclusive control of any city or town
or. th<» coa*t. Ooest Agency, (511 (J. G. ave.
FOR rent— 2 acre? nf land; chicken houses;
liousf- with 8 rooms, furnished, including
piano; suitable fur boarding-house and chick-
en rench; $25 mr.nth: 6 minutes' walk to
dep< t. Apply _W«-i Mission st.
BALOON men. attention — Water front salocn
for 'aJn# best V) city; at a bargain; rooming,
houre rn connection: doing good business;
sickness caute of felling. See COLEMAN,
KOS Mutual Eank bid?.
$250 — GOOD chance for active man in estab-
lished cash business, suitable for a man
willing to do plain light work and be satis-
fl«l ulth $75 do.; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co.. €32 Market.
A Sl'BURBAN hotel and roadhouse property;
$45CO If sold within next 10 days; owner has
to leave for East immediately; big bargain.
Address <~are E. R. ELIASSEX, 5J0 Cross-
_ley build Ire, S. F.
$2600— HOTEL acrcss the bay; SO well fur-
r.lshed rooms with kitchen, dining-room.
Xiarlor and bar in connection; rent $30: 5
years' lease. Inquire owner, O. Vk'EIN-
HOLD, cor. Lombard and Lyon sts.. city.
CALL route for sale; good route In Alameda.
Apply to this office cr call at 1813 Pacific
ave., Alameda; take broad gauss train, get
» off at Grand st. station. Alameda ; call be-
fore 12 nocn.
WANTED — A good, reliable man with. $50 to
take an Interest in a tight manufacturing
business; will net him $75 per month; no 1
Sunday work. 212 Firet et.
A PARTNER wanted with $12",000 to $15.000 '
In cash; he will double _ls money In the
lirst 8 months; flrst-claaa security will be
given to him. 212 Parrott bldg.. S. F. '
A GOOD liriig easy; $75. to $100 a month;
only a few hours' work; I am leaving city;
a. snap; $500 to $1000; part cash. 609
Golden Gate ave., city.
|3C0 TO $10,000 aaloom; good bargains.
$450 to $3000 restaurants: good bargains.
$750 — Partner; business chance; trlflers need
not npply'BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
WANTED — Partner with $300 to $500 in good
plaoer mine ready to work; partner to take
charge; married man preferred. 462 Twelfth
at.. Oakland. 13_B___9G__M__
A — fSOOj PARTNER wanted In light mechani-
cal business; no previous experience required;
$15 to $3S a week each. 47 Geary, room 2.
: COALTARD in Oakland* for '. sale; ¦ old estab-
" Ushed; centrally located and doing a good
business. Box 1619. Call office, ; Oakland./
A' FIXE saloon and lunch house; 'large- place,
: with ' 14 rooms. Inquire at 70 Stevenson st,"
$_T0— SALOON^ for «*le. Inquire * GOLDEN
KAGLE DIST. CO., 419 Mont_p_.erjr-«L i
JOHN D. SPREXTI^LS^^^Propritetor
Address Comir.unic-tions to
JOHX McN^UGKT^j^.^. .3-inager
W. J. >Lfl-RTTX Business Manager
TELEPHONE. '"¦ - '< \ ' ~
\ Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect To- With tbe Department You Wish.
LPub'lcsiiea Office Market and Third, 8. F.
r^tor_lP.oo_ir.....217 to 221 Stevenson .t.
Delivered by Carriers. £0 CU. Per ™
Cts. Ptr Month. E:r.srle Cep«s_ 5 '~ t "™, fc
Tera« by Ms.ll, Including Postage (Cash w itn
Order): ' 1 „
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 year... $S 00
DAILY CALL (includ Sunday). 6 nsos... 4^00
JjAILT CALL— By Sin_!e Jionth <5c
fcv-DAT CALL. 1 Year f™
WUKK-Y CALL. 1 Year •• • \°°
POSTAGE. \ v ,- tc klV. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
A*?- POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION B.
Ca_p!e Ccgtlea will be forwarded when re-
quested.
___ irtfbBcribers in crdertar change of_ aa-
6reaa should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prospt __d correct co_pllance •with their re-
«!— St.
OA____?TD OFFICE: „_,
' X81« Broafiway Telephone Main 10S3
B_R____T OFFICE:
tUB Cfeater Street Telephone North 77
WAEHTNGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EA_rC__ W. WALL Hotel Barton
KFW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artori a Hotel; A. Br«nt*n% 31
t?Elon Bcuar* : Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel asd Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NTTWS STANDS:
Sberaan- House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Korthern Hotel: Trcrnont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REFF.ESENTATTVE:
C GEORGE ICROGNESS. Jlarcuette Building.
,_.„. (Jjorig Distance Telephone. "Ontral 2613.")
.'J-TE'°T TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPETKN B. tMIIH SO Tribune Building
JCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
ECEINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
ICCS Market street. c^t>o6ite Fifth: open until
11 p. m. . .'. '
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; cpen until
8:39 p. m.
COO Kayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; cpen until 6:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin etrett; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1041 Mission street; cp»n ur.til 30 p. m.
106 Eleventh trroct; open until S» p. m.
1086 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. m.
JCortheast ccrr.fr C—urch and Duncan »treets;
cpen until f r. m.
J £200 Fillniore etrert: open unt'l 9 p.- in.
_C___T_?G SOT_C_3.
fiAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, _
Royal Arch Mason.'. meets THId V*^
EVENING. R. A. .le.rc-e. /V\
H. G.. PCUXC— , Secretary.
CWCIDEXTAL I7dce~No. 22.1 pI and A. m
.7-p-,M.— THIS (KCXDAYl EVENING atW
7:30 o'clock. First degree. By ordi-r /V\
WALTER O. ANDERSON. Secretary-
aCCCC SOLOMON'S I> Jge So. 2:n. F. .*
and A. M-. 1839 FClmore * .— Third VV
_»rr*c THIS .MONDAY) EVENING. /V\
et 7:20 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
TO the Officer? an-1 M'nibr-8 of Hig- _
gers* and Stevedcre*" I'nion, L.h:i1 Jut
222. I. L. M. anJ T. A.— Vou are
hereby notified I ••¦--'>- th« regulai JT'Z&i
¦meeting of this unicn. to b» Jielii at vtgSg
our hall TO-NIGHT (MONDAY). JJjjg^
r **TrBvVmb€r* 14. at"* o'clock. Hurt- 5*'_l_'
ness of importance to be- transacted.
By crier of HUGH F. KEON. President.
HENRY JEN'D. Rec.-Cer. Sec.
JTKE California. Deijns Coin__Mion. having
received erpilczticns to m'.r-e by hydraulic
process *rcm J. ItetJrath, in Red Rock min».
at Hawl&nci F'.at. .-^l'rra Courty. Cal., drain-
ing Into £lt:4 Cre*k. which reaches Tuba
River, and irorr. \» uelas t?. «.'on« and
Charles L. Reynold*, in Smiths Elue Gravel
mine, near Cno. Khesta county. «>!.. drain-
ing into Jerj&aicm Creek, which reaches
Eacramtnjo Hirer. Five* :ictics that a meet-
Ing to receive any r>rct*£t5 will be held at
room 96. Flood b-:i!oms. i?an Franci_co.
C_., Nov. 21. VMA., at 1 :3f» P- rn.
t THE California I>-br:s Obb____o_. having re-
ceived Epp^:c»tiors 1.0 rois.e by hydraulic pro-
eecy lrcm E. £antir:o. in i^antirfo mine, near
Volcano. ATnador County. Cal.. dr—tainjc into
Grass. Vcil«> Creifc. which reaches iloke-
p - lumne Rivc-r; frcn L. Dei'jcchl 2nd S. Maz-
_era. in M«u*ra rrrfti*. rx-ar Volcano. Ana-
dor Comity, Czl.. dratnirg into South Drench
6fltt*r Crefk. which reaches Mokeiumne
River: frcn 1 <">. Er.gle. «n ?5?r::!a m:n*. n*ar
Igo. ShaFta Courty. Cat., draining rato Dry
: Crtcfc. which reaches Facrair><?nto River;
. -"from GcJd Run Mining Company, in <iolJ
Bun Tnin», near Quiney. P'.umas County.
Cal.. dralalBS Into Spanish Creek, which
reach's Feather Blv*r,-»rfl from H. A. <".n*l
A." A. Hsllsteafl. in Mi£o~~n Mine, near
Spanish 'rpneh. plLTr.as County. Cai.. dra'.n-
lr.g into Spanish Creek, which reaches Feath-
er River; givee ricti<-e thit a mcetinir to re-
ceive try protests -will be held at room 96,
Flood MiiidiriE. fcen Francisco, Cal., Nov.
2?, ISOi. at 1 :30 p. m.
CHEAPEST ard t«t in America— Th« Weekly
Call. 16 rases, ernt to any r.ddres.« in the
CnitM ftat«-» <.r Cwrarln or.* year ?c>r SI.
_a_ier_ vr_ir__i>. /
WANTFD — Agents to canvass for household
necetsitle*: good pay and Fteady — -orhu C.
F. ADAMS. 31* Ma*on ft.
_ADT agents wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp', fiuppotltories. 1312 Market Et.. r. 316.
' - ...
A._TO__*_TS-AT-I,A.W.
'¦ A FRAUDULENT divorce <e dear at ?12 and
a rpectaltv: quick; quiet: r.o rnon^y needed;
no pay uifters divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fe<?«; ad \ iff fre«-: ro 1 lections
mede, G. V.'. HOV.E. 1122 Market Bt
R. W. K1XG, Attorn^y-at-law. Exam, hldp.,
6th floor: entrance roam fill; established 26
yeer*: all courts, genera! court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for cons-Jlta-
t:cr.. evcr.lnc by appointment. Tel Red 3601.
_A — Dlvcrce; costs $12; quiek.«iutet:advlce free;
all Jkw .bus;r.«ea; > nc charge unlees »ucces«-
_r- ful; cpen evenlrufa. f:27 Uerket St.. room SOL
ADVICE free: divorc* cottg $12: no fees or
coetF In adranc-e; all law business; office
oi*_ &it Jrday everlncs. 819 Market st.. r. SS.
- 'l_ 6. CI-ARX, 327 Market, room ."504; oonimjHa-
tlon fr*e; no f^ts in edvanr-e; open eveninrs.
_X»OFTZO_T.
FINE 6-raor.thE-old bey: good parent*; refer-
ences required. Box <R72. Call offic*.
ASTSIIA CTTBJ-.
PT NOLA'S Aeihzrji Remedy relieves Instantly;
f 3<«c. 25c. We. ief2 Market, fct. Nicholas;
aUo V.'iehart. 30th and WaFhing-ton. Oakland.
-'T- ; tsrr_,oi,ooT : '
ASTOU, lar-cus New Tork artrolcger; man of
-bility; consultation, lessons. fl37 Market st.
AXrTO2£OBX__S.
FOKD Autotncblle. 1804. for ea'e, w!th lamp*.
M_rchiycht bj:<1 tcon*_a: ¦ cverytfalss' • coro-
-~.- ... pU^e. , Box 4605.. C*JI office.
WANTED— Good efcond-ri&nd automobile;
IS «tat« price, etc. Box ?'•08, CaJl office.
_oah_ tnsa ros cz_cz._B_jr.
fy
"WlDOtV" would like child to Jx>_rd: •unny
y_rd and room for par<nt. 1735 Miitlon at.
c__xp__: 3B_TH9'Gr __ro cz._A" w -_ro.
CCMPREEsiErTir^ard^vXemirn^pTocTsT^nied
for <:tur.:r.f: carpeti en Soor without removal;
carp«U end nips al»o cleaned byS;ompre«?ed
tir at chop; prices moderate. 6. F. Com-
* rre-ced Air Clea—tnr Co.. 308 Market ¦_;
phonca Main 1S2 and Bush 479.
WHEN you btcome 2ltgust*& with your work
N eend fpr EPATTLDING'S Pioneer Caxpet-beat-
.icj.wcrk*. 2S&-Z51 T»harr._ st. Tel. South 40.
VESTEKN* Carpet Oeanlng Works, 1803 Har-
rlsofi et.; AJ deanlair. 8c. FRED HAGB-
DORN & CO.; phone Ulsslcn 22S.
.** MITCHELL'S, 24& Fourteenth »„— Flrat-cla.s
' carpet c>s_\:r_*_'. 3c yard. TeL llifslon 74.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleetlrx Co.. 402 Butter »t,;
tel. Main 3"M GEO. WALCOSC _ CO., Propa.
t" RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-b'e-tiar works; price*
rt-eor.tUe. 1703 Harrison et.; teL Mleilcn 2C3.
-ODQI170-HOU8-S FOB SA__ — Con.
rent Is cheap; elegantly furnished; 5-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness.
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain It sold at once; $250.
% ______
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house in
city; clearing now $300 per, month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for
Oakland. ' Alameda or Berkeley property or
, ranch in California: must leave city.
What- do you think? 31 -room apartment-house;
rsnt only $130; where you can clear $05 per
month; no work: this you can get for $1100;
wife at hoesl'tal.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
hand CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS.
A BRANCH office of The Call fdr the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS llarket St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
_ODQINO-HOU3-S VTA-TT-P.
'WANTED to buy for cash, lodging-house of
about 30 rooms. Address box 4406. Call.
CLAiaVOYANTS,
ITj $ "7 $ $ $ $ $ * * *
Three offices, 326 O'FarreH street.
Open every day and Sunday.
, 10 a. m. to 8 cm.
V. PROFESSOR HENRY ELLSMKRE.
THE GREATEST LIVING EXPON-NT, OF
OLAIRVOYANCY.
WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTATION
IN EVERY PROMINENT CITT
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
HIS REPUTATION HAS BEEX EARNED BT
THE WONDERFUL POWERS HE HAS
SHOWN. AND NOT BY ADVERTIS-
ING. AS IS ATTESTED TO BY
THE UNLIMITED NUMBER
OF TESTIMONIALS HE
HAS RECEIVED.
If you are interested in any affairs of your
life; If marrins-e. sickness, deaths, changes.
travels, lawsuits, business transactions, invest-
ments of whatever nature, wills, deeda, mort-
gages, lest or absent friends Interest you ; if
you care to know what you should do to be
successful; where you .should go and whom you
should avoid; it' you desire to have domestic
troubles removed; your bitterest enemies con-
verted into your Ktanchest friends; in a word,
whatever may be your troubles, suspicions or
desires, visit Profeseor Henry Ellsmere and he
.will aid yim. ~?
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere has decided to
pla?e his services at the disposal of the people
of this city for special readings at the reduced
price of $1 a slttlnjc.
This extraordinary favor will only be. ex-
tended for a period of two weeks.
All applications by mail or special messenger
must positively be accompanied by the fee in
order to hold the appointment.
TT.e central location of Professor Henry
Ellswere's offices and consultation room en-
ables busy peoule to easily reach him.
HISNADVICK UNIVERSALLY SOUGHT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere's advice has never
been sought in vain l;i the great crises of life;.
his counsel has always shone forth clear, lu-
minous and rirht: the totterlne fortunes of
many a man have been saved from wr»ck by a
word from the lips of this wonderful man:- in
the treat game of business men have staked
their all on the diotn of Professor Henry Ella-
mere and won. Friend." Inns separated have
t«"?n reunited through his instrumentality. The
rroxerbial "slip "twist the cup and the Up"
has been averted ia, thousands of Instances
through Ills ability to read the future. Ro-
mances without number have ended happily
and the altar firfs of love burn ,ln countless
homes to-day because of Professor Henry Ella-
mere's profound understanding of human des-
tiny. Obscure diseases have been located by
his psychic diasncsH and owe their cure to
his thorough knowledge of the patient's special
' DO YOU WISH TO KNOW
How you can have gocd luck?
How you can succeed In business?
Ho~ ' you can make your home happy.i^_
How you can conquer your enemies?
How you can marry the one you choose?
How you can obtain perfect health?
How soon you will marry?
How you can conquer your rival?
How you can make any one love»you?
How you can mend your family troubles?
How you can remove bad influence?
How- you can control any one? ,
How you can make distant ones think of you?
How you can hold your husband's love?
How you (.-an hold your wife's love?
Professor Henry Ellsmere tells all and never
asks questions.
IF THERE IS ANYTHING HEREIN* FRINT-
EL> AVHICH SEEMS IMPROBABLE
CALL ON HIM AND BE
CONVINCED.
Three offices — 32'i O'FarreH St., San Francisco.
Every day. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Oren Sunday.
All Correspondence Promptly Answered.
$ $»$ $ $ $ $ $ <
AAA— RICHARD MATO.
The Man With Psychic Powers,
»Ths greatest living adviser on the continent.
Free test Free test
To all who come prepared to have a reading.
This week $1: my regular $5 reading, $1
this week.
At a glance before you have a chance to ut-
ter ens word he will tell you what you came
for; giving dates, facts and names of 'absent
and departed friends: he tells every wish of
your lifer how to gain success in love, court-
fchlp, marriage, divorce;' 'whether you will be
successful in bufainesa. investments, patents,
mining, etc.: no matter what may r«e your
fear, hope or ambition, call on this glftid man
and find re'.ief: h'-s» descriptions of your friends
and enemies are as real as thousrh they stood
bffore you; he tells you everything jtood or
bad: you hear the truth and nothing but the
truth. All business strictly confidential.
421A Ellis st. (private flat).
Office hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Removed. ROSALIND & CHASE. Removed.
Kminent
Spiritual, Clalrvoiyant. Phychlc Palmist.
Located 700 Post st.
Are the most arcurate and capable advisers
on all affairs of life.
Names, dates, facts and reliable information
given rectardins: lawsuits, speculations. Invest-
ments, influences, marriages, divorces and all
ilumestlc ar.d social affairs.
' Remove evil influences, reunite the sepa-
rated, develoii mediums and control those you
love, even mlle« away.
Tell who and when to marry, lucky days,
numbers, etc., and how to quickly develop thu
magnetic personality which attains success.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Fees within reach
or all.
1 Hours. 10 a. m. to P p. m.. dally and Sunday
JUIE. M. BERNARD ; THE FAMOUS 1
Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Exam-
iner bids.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals tli<* present happenings and portrays
pvents to occur in the future; If you are In
trouble.^ discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love cr, business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will j
be told how to overcome thein: valuable ad- !
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
' guaranteed; open Sundays^ Tel Black 4569.
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hour? — 10
h. in. to 5. p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12;, Wednes-
day evening. 6 to S. Phone South 1141.
1 MME PORTER clairvoyant, medium, born
I with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present future: I. 50c; p. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read, $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy, j
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr.and palm. : ,
¦ reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L«, 50c; '
G. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st. 1
PROF. DAHL iruarantees to tell your past,
present and future; names given; readings
50c. 1027% Market St.; hours 1 to 9 p. m.
I Mrs.A.H.Krcnenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.;. tel. Larkin 4207.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts.- The Vendome, 1104 Market, r. 24.
MME. MARSEATT. card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
I leaves; 2uC up. Hi 2 Vi Eddy St.; no signs.
THIS cd. -and BOc«ntlUes you to life reading
at 125 Sixth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
..returned; sittings dally. 1GS 6th Bt.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. ' the well-known fortune -
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIBITTJ A-I3M.
A— MRS.' J. J." WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader.- 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium. life read-
ir: clr. evgs.. 1 10c: read, dally. 8.10 Mission.
PROF. GEE. 'medium and healer: readings
>; dally; ¦ circle every night. ¦ 10c-. 1208
PROF, i FRED EVANS, • noted slate- writer and
: clairvoyant. .: 1112 Eddy st. Phone \ Scott: SS7.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkin,
roora,49;readlngs.l ; to'5; tel.. South 819. ..
E^ rp _QTai_-TT WASTED — gc_ mla— Coa
RELIABLE woman wishes a fsw families by
day chamberwork. c!«ar.in§r or soaae wash-
ing: phone Brown 32. 433 Peary «t-
GOOD sirl. with references, want* »!*«•:
ielther housework or cooking: $30 month.
2112 Bryant st. . ¦
A LADY going out by the day; washin? and
Ironing: no postal. 138 Sixth st.
TCUNG girl wishes a position In book bind-
ery. Apply 633 gtevenson st.
A YOUNG lady wishes a situation to do light
housework In a email family. 230A Harriet.
A COMPETENT cock, houaswerk girl, wants
gltuatlon; wages $25. Box 442. Call office.
A LADY wishes to do plain sewins by the-
day. 526 Montgomery .st^
AN experienced practical housekeeper la tran-
sient rooming-house. Box 4S83. Call office.
DRESSMAKER. hlgh*at reference3, will go
out; phone Sutter 2544. Cox 4941. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church »t *.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister »t.
I_PIOY_EItT WAirr__> — MAT.B.
AA — A COMPETENT man wishes position In
private place: understands gardening. milk-
Ing; handy with tools, macataary: good
horseman and driver; b*»t of references.
Box SC4. Call office.
A — SITUATION wanted to ta_ » car* of a pri-
vate place by a trustworthy man, (Dane);
understands gardening, horses, iniiklng; good
references. Box 4413. Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wlshe* a
situation as clerk In grocery store -and bar-
room; good references. W. BOHUNG. 417
Kearny st,
WANTED — Situation aa grocery clerk; experi-
enced, reliable ;. best of references; city or
country, country preferred; reasonable wages
•satisfactory. Box 409, Call office.
WANTED— Position to milk cows, tend horses
or take care of place; references. ' Address
GEORGE WOLLAP, Dominican Sisters,
Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
WOULD like position aa caretaker of city cr
country home; temperate: flrst-cl*s» refer-
ences; would give $t00«> «rurity. Address F.
J. ROWAN. 3.2C1 Pierce st
JANITOR wants position (anywhere) or general
work In or around place, or house and window
cleaning by the day. cr other kind of work.
1. MEYER. 110 Hyde st.
A COACHMAN." willing; to make himself gen-
erally useful, wants situation ; country pre-
ferred; good references. Box 43S. Call of flea.
A COMPETENT man (German) desires posi-
tion; experienced In wine and liquor business,
wholesale and retail. Address box 50V. Call.
ELDERLY man wants work as choremaa: caa
take care of garden, horse, can milk; -as«s
$10 per month. Box 4498, Cll office.
NON-UNION carpenter, thoroughly competent,
wants work. Address box 1520, Call office.
YOUNG man. married. 20 years In hardware
business, wishes position a_ salesman or
manager 1 exDeritmca 7 years in Europe, re-
tail hardware; eight years manager retail
hardware. U. S. ; last five years traveling
repr»sent_tlv« largest wholesale hardware,
house V. S. Answer txrx 430. Call office.
WANTED — By a respectable and responsible
rr.an, work as watchman. Janitor or day
work; handy with carpenter and phimber'ii
too!3*, Al references. Address JUUUS, 11*
Second are., Richmond district.
A COMPETENT man. sdngle, wishes a position
near city, steady, to care for a place: expe-
rienced In orchard, good driver, gardening
and handy with carpenter tools. Address
box 4S73, Call office.
TOUNG man of IS would like position as a
helper in a good American home and do er-
rands while learning the English language.
JAMES CHRIST. 1113^3 Folsotn St.
RELIABLE competent in many occupations,
experienced single German, wishes any kind
of work; reasonable, wagea. M. FRICK. 411
Jackson St.
TOUNG man well educated, accurate and reli-
able, with knowledge of bookkeeping and
business experience want* position: refer-
ences. Box 49645, Call.
COACHMAN. 16 years' experience, wants posi-
tion; city or suburbs: can milk asd do gar-
dening If required: first-class city reference.
Box 825. Call office.
PLUMBER, licensed and independent, wants
work from property owner by the day cr
week; will give estimate* If desired; has all
necessary shop tools. Box 439. Call efflca.
ELDERLY German wants poaitlcn; under-
stands perfectly the. taking- care of horses
and gardening. Box 1514, Call office. Oak-
land.
GOOD plain French cook, one. month from
France wishes position la prlvata family:
Oakland or Alameda. Box 15C8. Call office,
Oakland. ; . i -^*,.
AA — A FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger,
tlnter and grainer desires work by the day
or Job: first-class work guaranteed: good
work very reasonably done. 1454 Devisadero.
TOltfJO. married man wishes position as col-
lector, or drive delivery wagon; bondx fur-
nished. Box 445, Call ofnee.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires tteady
employment; good references. 1523 Web-
ster st.
WANTED— By a steady young man. work of
any kind for a few hours la evenings. Box
4Sy8. Call office.
HONEST, trustworthy, youn_ man wants
steady position as gard«ner: references If re-
quired. Box 401. Call office.
SITUATION wanted — Salesman wants position
en the road at once: six years' experience;
best of references. Box 863. Call office.
MARRIED young couple desire positions !n
private place; both Intelligent and gcod
workers. Box S52, Call office.
TOUNG butcher, used to have & route and
work in the shop, wishes position In the city.
Box 805, Call.
TOUNG German desires position of any klndj
would prefer to learn trade or as helper for
carpenter. Box 833. Call.
ACTIVE, middle-aged, sober man 'wants work;
hanJy around house, garden, etc.: can milfc
and make butt»r; wages $15. Box 441, Call.
WANTED — Position as city salesman for San
Franrisco cr Oakland firm; Al references.
Address Salesman. 61O Apgar St.. OaJcland.
ELDERLY man. small, neat, active. Intelli-
gent, wants situation; references. Box 41 W»
Call office.
BUTLER or Indoor servant wants situation!
experienced, honest and willing; German;
best references. O. S.. box 4S_J. Call.
WANTED — Set of books to keep evenings. Box
4986, Call office.
BARKEEPER wants Job. 219 Stevenson
street.
A TOUNG Japanese boy wants a situation
as schoolboy or housework, porter In good
family In the city or vicinity. M. GEORGE.
4 St. Mary's st.
JAPAXESE. neat youth, deaires a place tf»
learn vtcltn In exchange for housework and
kitchen hetD. FRED, care IDE CO.. 207
Battery «t.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a realties aa
plain cook cr housework; has experience and
speaks English: country or city. T. MATSU-
SAKA. «00 Pine «t.. S. F.
A YOUNG JaDanese wants a situation as a
schoolboy cr easy housework in rood fam-
ily in the city or vicinity. NOMAGTJCHt
505 Durcnt st.
JAPANESE yours man with experience in
laumlry work would like position In private
family. Address T. T., 500 Pine st.
A PAINTER, with tools, wants work by th«
day. whitening and tinting. J. HUNTER
187T O'Farrell: phone Steiner 1075.
JAPANESE igood boy) wants situation as
. waiter at table In nice family. GEORGE
313 Sutter st. Tel. Black 4241.
GOOD Japanese boy who can speak English, as
a pUln cock, GEORGE, 1304 Post st.; phone
Butter 41^2.
JAPANESE coudIo wish nositions: man good
cook: wife waitress and housework; wages
• $50 per month. ROY SHOJO. 467 Hayes st.
A Jjfc'ANESE boy wants to work In plain
family before and after school. Addrens O.
! CHARRY. 744 Pest St.. phena Sutter 173T.
JAPANESE good school boy. wants position In
- private family; speaks Enjlt3h: has best r«f_
. erences. Iti5*. Broadway; in from 1 until 4.
JAPANESE younsr boy wants a Dosition to
make beds or housework: is welt experienced
SUZUKI. 511 Buah st.; phone Black 5034.
A JAPANESE boy wants to work In plain
family before and after achool. Address O.
CHARRT. 741 Poat •_.; phone Sutter 173X.¦¦¦¦-¦.-¦¦... . . .'/•.•¦¦¦. - . - - *
iHE SAN FRANCISCO CA*LL. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 1904.
9
_ost and rouirp.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WILLIAM B. CARTER, No. 193-
412. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of MARTIN CLANCY, No. 252-
252; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, bet Grand Hotel
and ferry: liberal reward if returned to
Grund Hotel, San Francisco.
LOST — Small diamond earring Thursday. Re-
ward S5 return to box 490, Call .office.
LOST— Heartburn, by a man who . chews
CHICI ,ETS. ¦ ¦ >. " ' ' v
LOST— Pass book No. 17,615. Please return
to MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK.
> 3C-.UNCHEB FOB KIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
. __i-ICA_.
IF there is any woman who is suffering from
any of the ailments peculiar to her sex I can
offer her immediate relief. I have devoted
Jny entire life to this work. I NEVER
y FAIL. I ask fair fees, and I GUARANTEE
results in each case. If you have been dis-
appointed come to me. Perfect satisfaction
is then insured. I am the oldest graduate
specialist in the city giving attention exclu-
I isively to ladles 1 troubles.
{ DR. WHITE, 702 Market st, rooms T and 8
LADIES — If you are in trouble, conflde in me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help. for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm tht only GRADUATE
physician here who can' say this. Call ,or
write. Confidential. Est 14 years. DR. P.."
H. WESTON. office, 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR KOHL, reliable Specialist for all fe-
mals t-oublea and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10O8V4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist «or all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
cia'Ist, has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience in female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fail see the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor st.. near Geary.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who, are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
st. ;rc!lef guaranteed; no drugs, no operations. '
A word to the wise Is sufficient
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Oleason-Rugsles Drug Co., Kearny _ Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2«th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
SIISCEIi— ANEOUS — FOK SALE.
2D-IIAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHV. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, ensirfes, 2d-band machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or snlngles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st,
FOR kale — New and t-econd-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLKNDEK, 65'J Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelrj
and sealskins for Bale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Epear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rlnga for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. -COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DKREMER'S. 137 Mont-
. gomery st. room 12, upstairs.
$40 — A FINE' hammerless 10-gauge shotgun;
cost $250 new In England. bt>2 Lombard St.,
6 to 8 p. m.
LEAKY roof? BURNETT
Paint Co.'s paint A word to the wise is
EUfflclent. 3l)(J Parrott building.
ELASTIC stockings, $2; factory 107 O'Farrell
St.; -removed from 40 Ellis. J. \V. HOPE-
WELL.
PEDIGREED collie pups; Bell or trade; what
have you? 4240 Nineteenth st; Castro cars.
WANTED — Buyer for second-hand furniture,
books and clothing. 105 Fifth st.', room 10.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
etalns; free delivery." 370 Fell st.
FELLING our roller- canaries and others at
reduced prices. S1C8 Sixteenth st
INVALIDS' reclining rolling chair, $io! 176
Collingwood st., near EJghteenth and Castro.
FOR sale — Fresh family cow; gentle. 3915
Folsom St., near Cortland ave.
FOR sale — French toy poodle and Yorkshire
terrier pups. 1810& Post st.
WILLOW ave., 8, off Larkln, near Eddy-
Office desk, roller top, $15; new.
DEEP- WELL drilling outfit; steam power.
William Edward & Co., Ill Fremont st.
STOVES disconnected and connected: $2 60;
plumbing, gasfltng.409 McAlll8ter:tel.Mlnt 3050
GAS engifies. centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st
Wallpaper. 3Hc; paint, $1 gal.; painting, whlt-
t ening. Merlyan.1302 Wehster;tel. Steiner 3671.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-IIAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash.
plumb, material. The Doran Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant seait-kln fcr sale for $75. SB-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN, 138 Montgomery st
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third ;tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. «ale, rental;
bargains. Billiard - Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all Pizes. J. E. DOAK. 4fl Fremont >t.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount, good'second-hand
clothing: special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothlng.Tel. Davis 825, C50 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
caEh. KARL EBER _ CO., room 405, Ad-
ams bldg.. 206^Kearny^t£^honeBlack3036.
WANTED — Store in good location for saloon
business. Box 820, Call. \
WANTED — Horse to drive for Us board and
stabling. 141- Oakland ave.. Oakland.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 3916.
Levy _ Rsdler, highest price for gents' cast-oft
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
MT7SICA— INSTRUMENTS. '
'ARISTOCRAT among pianos — the . Gabler;
oldest' exclusive, , high-class piano in Amer-
ica; over 60.000 *old In • the past. CO years.
HEINE PIANO C0-. : 235-237 Geary gt. S.
F. ; 1252 Broadway. Oaklknd; manufacturers
of the Peerless Heine; largest stock and
greatest, variety; 1 Installments and rents $2
up; prices from $25 to $1000. ~, .
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Muzsard — Small upright, fine order.'
Fischer— Fins ordtr, very reasonable.
• Sterling— Mahogany. case; used 1 year.
CbicUerinB— Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber— Mahogany case. .3 pedals, like new,
* from $95 up: easy payments: all guaranteed.
-BENJ. CURTA2 & SON, 16 O'Farrell at,
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent $3
per month: one year's rental allowed if pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes at
FOR s_e— Cheap; talking machine, Victor,
with 75 records. , 1363 San Bruno ave.
HELP^y AarTEP--^ MALE— Cqntlnnea.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
• . We si)eak the Genran, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
Wt.OCO Men Work. Increase 60,000.
CARPENTERS!
CARPENTERS! *
CARPENTERS!
10 carpenters, house work, long Job, fare
$1 SO; $3 50, 8 hours.
INQUIRE ABOUT IT.
Carpenter, mine company, north, $60 and fd.
3 bench hands, country, $00.
MINES.
GOLD AND SILVER.
10 hand mjrters, north, 8 hours, $90.
Carpenter, mine, ?2 day and found. ""*
10 coal miners, Oregon.
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Grainer, house work. $3 50 day. •
Camp cook, near city, $40 and found.
Third cook, city hotel, $35 and .found.
Buggy washer and harness cleaner.
Millman, furniture factory, city.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 50, $40 and found.
T"ailor, country shop.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, ranch.
Farmer. San Luis Obispo, $35 to $40 and fd.
Butcher, country shop. $30 and found.
Boy, city factory, $4 week.
Cook, waiters and dishwashers, farmhands,
plowmen, milkers choremen and choreboys.
Porters, bell and elevator boys.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-tS36 Clay St.
A— SPECIALS! '
TRACK FOREMAN.
Track foreman for new railroad; good Job;
$4 day.
Camp boss, grading outfl», Nevada; see boss
here; 5 (if) and found.
RANCH FOREMAN.
Working foreman, ranch, south; $35 to $40
j and found. * .
Foreman carpenter, country, concrete fore-
man, north. ¦ '• ¦
UNITED STATES.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA. STATE OF NEVADA.
$1 FEE. SHIP TO-DAY. $1 FEE.
20 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses, $75.
SPECIAL.
NEW WORK.
15 teamsters for new work in center of mln-
inar district. $60, fare $1 90; ship to-night.
10 laborers, same Job, $60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
CATTLE BUYER.
Experienced cattle buyer for a large meat-
packing corporation; must have references;
$100 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — CLERK for office work, young man.
• MURRAY & READY, 634-G36 Clay st.
LATE SPECIALS.
CARPENTERS.
3 carpenters, company work, near city, $3 50
a day.
2 camp dishwashers, by machine, see boss
here, $;>0 and found; fare Jl 25.
Camp cock. Email place, fare 25c, $30 fd.
GROCERY CLERK.
Grocery clerk, store near city, $60.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, younar man. shop and wagon, fare
25c, ?40 and found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — 10 men each State to travel, tack
signs, distribute samples and circulars of our
goods; salary $75 per mo.; $3 per day ex-
penses. KUHLMAN CO., dept. C-10, Atlas
block, Chicago.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall
and custom-house positions. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg., 1005 Market Et.
WANTED — Shoe salesman for country store,
$75; also a first-class clothing salesman. $20
week; see boss in city. J. F. CROSETT _
CO., CSS Sacramento st.
3-CHAIR. 10c barber shop for sale; rent
$12 50; price is $150: shop taking in from
$45 to ?55 week; 2 chairs steady. Address
227 J itreet.t Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to tha Denver House.
217 Third et.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
i . — ,
A FIRST-CLASS tailor; all around tailor as a
partner. 6S5 Bush Bt.
MEN, learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard' et. ' ' ' .
WANTED — Man to learn a rood trade; paid
while learning. Call 618 Merchant fit
FOR sale — Well located barber shop; good
transient trade. Box 48S1. Call.
MEN to learn the detective profession. 907
Market St.. room 104.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
tbe world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d Et, where shoes are re-
paired by machirery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION atty. E.A.Bullls. r. 40, Phelan bldgl
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1C0S Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 P. m.
ALL sices men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5R.1 Mission st. bet. lFt and 2d sts.
SALESMEN WANTED.
STATE and city salesmen. $3 50 a day If you
can do the business. Call or address C. H.
Gl'KK. 2731 Mission St.
HO BSE S AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — Light spring Studebaker top delivery
wagon, new: suitable for florist, delicatessen
or dairy produce. 223 Sutter, Mercantile Lib.
HORSE, about 8 years old. weight from 120O
to 1400 pounds; state price. Box 1505, Call
efflc.' Oakland.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed, year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, 8. F.
FOR sale, cheap, Iron gray horse; weight 1250
pound?; work single or double. Inquire at
113 Welsh st. near Fourth, R. F. J.
KEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
TWO fine pandle top wagons for sale cheap.
1506 Folsom st.
FOR sale cheap, all kinds of business wagons;
new and second hand. 1503 Folsom st.
FOR sale — Pair of large draught horses. .Ad-
dress box 4504, Call office. -
HORSE for sale. 705 Post st.
WANTED — To buy. a stylish horse: also buggy
and harness. Box 4007. Call office.
FOR sale — Gray horse; weight, 1C80; age, 7
years; fina for eurrey. 3J)05 Sacramento st.
FOR sale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
warronn sold cheap. 1680 Mleslon st, nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTE8, surreys, buggies, wasons, har-
. ness, work _ driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES^ TO IiET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G..H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
HOUSES TO I. ET— FtraNISHEP.
A GREAT bargain; downtown 14-room house,
nicely furnished; bent location in the city;
long lease. 242 Post st.
OAK, 419 — Completely furnished modern house,
10 rooms. 2 baths, garden and yard.
EOTJSES rtr_l?IBKEP— _Q_ SA_E.
House of 8 rooms, neatly furn.; all rented; no
reas. offer refused. 902 McAllister, 1 to 8.
NICE furniture 7-room house; price $550. 943
McAllister St.
_^ _ HOTEI.S.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van~N^ss~aveT^
This first-class hotel is now being conducted
- on. the American plan especially for families
for the season or year. Location is unsur-
passed. The equipments are all modern,
with ©very convenience. The rooms are large,
sunny and comfortable; superb view; th«
furnlshlncs are all elegant Cuisine highest
: order. H. C. SHANNON, Manager, formerly
of . Hotel Langham, N. Y.,;_ Moana Hotel,
"Honolulu. '--, . --. : : , . .
HOTJSE-C-EANINQ OFFICES.
JAPANESE houcecleaning company and - shoe-
maker. 618 Gouch'et. ; phone Howard 3583.
____.OT_L_nT WASTES — Male— Coa.
BARTENDER, honest and sober, wiBhes~iltur-
tion in Oakland or country; best of refer-
fnces. Box 1&06. Call offlca. Oakland.
_ FOREIGNER, r«e»ntly arrived, wishes work
as blacksmith in factory or anywhere, with
;r.nderat» wages. GEO. DATES. 777 Folsom.
VDr.VG man wishes a job as watchmaker.
1183 Market tt.
- « JKTEB *i_ies situation In ealoon. Box
41 !7, Call office.
h SITUATION wanted by a cook In small
teftaiarant. __. NAUDE. 1525 Powell st
} i SITION as niffht dark in hotel or lodrlng-
,!j us*; city or country. Bex 4187, Call offlca.
J'kSITION as bartender. Address Box 4796,
I a'l office.
F2S?_ "** wanu position aa porter. Apply
K& Hamaoe «t
.*N ild ir.an wishes employment in afternoon
.-. u!:r.g wina. Box 4920. Call office.
Hi-TCHER want* position. 3522 Eighteenth
street.
AN experienced collector: aJso oois ipatant book-
. keeper; beat rf erencea. Box 4981. C— 1.
rXPERIEXCED bookkeeper and office rcan;
good references. Box S02. Call offlca.
rnrAgci— x. .
THE R_A_TT 6TN-ICATE.
Capital paid in $4.«oaooo 09
Surplus M0.S01 St
losuea
Six i*r cent
Investment Oertlflcatas
At par.
Office— No. 14 Bansome street
Ban Francisco. CsJ.
DON'T ri^k your money In Questionable vent-
ures »hen you can obtain "First Mortgage
Gold B^ncs" (firet Hen on downtown business
;¦:<¦•> i paying a good rate of interest and
as ftccure as Government bonds; single bonds
}'¦ •• 00 each: interest payable quarterly; at-
torneys seeking investments for clients and
trustees of estates should inveetlgata this at
once. "Bonds," 39 Crocker building.
FITCET^SFUL" money lenders will soon open
another office and. offer an interest and po-
titlr.n to the right ir&n who can furnish
tart of loanable funds as wanted; this is
an exceptional opportunity to establish a
your.g man in a sound business, much like
bar.kln#r: references required. Address box
1512. Call office.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate
certificate*. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PANY. 107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
*r>\&; strong Eastern connections; advice fre«.
Write A. F. HAP-AFZTHY. 522 CrPtsley bdg.
-X.ATB.TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an i__enss hat;
s*rviee abecluteiy free: take advantage of
this oeparts-.ent: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-59 Geary
m. ( on the square.
NEW flats on tfj-e west line of Van Ness ave..
north of Francisco; rents ranping- from ?25
io SOS. VOX RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO..
*1S California st.
BOOTT, bet. O'Farrell and Ellis— All improved,
ntrw luxury Cats of f». 5 and 6 -rooms; all
light* a nice neighborhood ; large yard; rent
123, $27 and $30 p*r month.
ELI^IS. S2b — 2 large parlors and kitchen for
physician, hairdresser or milliner; $30; re-
i-ently finished.
!CEW 5-rocm flat; price $2750; up to date; east
side cf Central ave., between Golden Gate
tve. and McAllister et.
tFVOND- story flat; 7 sunny rooms and bath-
room; 2 attic r<x>rcs and basement; marine
view 1 . 1428 Gre^n «t.. near Van Ness ave.
EXSGA9ET up-to-diite new flats. 31(«-10-12
I'iey st.. n'^r Baser; 7 and 8 rooms: Mght,
sunny, well nn. ; beam ceilings; rent reduced.
L.ARKIX. lO-Tit, 1S38. 15<44. near Broadway —
New mode— i fiats, 7 and 8 rooms; rent re-
duced to $:«•. $35, $37 50.
HYDE. lT.Sl— Flat. 4 rooms ard bath.
CASTRO. «7:t, near 20th — Modern sunny fiat.
t» rucms, st«t>l*. or without stable, reasonable.
I"! -AT of 7 mr.ny rooms and bath; Mission
warm b*"It. 3435 20th St.. bet. Capp-Uoward.
FOURTEENTH. 134H, cor! Fhotwell— Bay-
w;ndk.w Cat: <J sanny roome; bath; $27 50.
HARRISON. "2511. rpar 21st — 4 rooms and
tath; modern and junr.y; rent $17.
ETCCO. r.21, near Pitxh ave. — New iucny mod-
ern flat; tinted; ncur Park; $25.
N_W modern upper sutiny flat, 5 rooms and
tath; rent $22 5o. SS25 Twenty-fourth et
NICE fur.ny upper fiat; grand marine view; 6
rouras, bath; FE. cor. Jones end Broadway.
TURK. t209-tf09. Dor. Steiner— Mod. upper cor.
fiat. <> rooms, bath. $.*R<; 5 rooms, bath. J25.
UPPER flat. 7 rooms and bath. 650 Haig-ht
street.
LARGEST lipt of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYOX & HOAG, 11<5 Montgomery st.
A TTEEK'6 news fcr 5 c*uta — The Weekly Call.
'.f~ T.ie<>*. in w— ippfT. for mulling. $1 per year.
FZ.ATS FOB SALE — FUBKTSHED.
A MODERN, sunry upper flat; 7 larpe rooms;
newly furnished 3 months ago. 817 Jones
tt.. r>f£r Bush, 9 to 5 p. m.
COMJ-ETELT furnished modern sunny fiat, 6
rocms; 3 rooms rent'd. 877 Eddy st.
TI^ATB TO _gj5T— gtTBITIBgEP.
I'LAT of thre*> !aif sunny rooms. coaJ end
ps 5 rung", bath, large yard; fJO. *-2t>
Twenty- eixtb st, Castro st. cars.
DIAMOND. *l»— Fist of 3 sunny furnished
roeni*; hot and odd v.ater.
_U__XTU_E "WANTED.
ABE LEVT,
frUUfsroom, 1135 Mark-t et. Tel. 1 JesFie 761.
iKm't sell vour furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get bis estimate.
WILL ray 20 per cent more for furniture than
<3**lers or will eell on commission. L. H.
J3!,"Rl>, auc, 1CJ<J Market; phone Jessie 2330.
CALL on Atfred Wollj>rt. 773 Mission st. h^-
fone gelling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
PTJ_7rTTTJ__ FOB SALS.
HENRY MAYER p»V« highest prices for fur-
niturf. carpets, etc. 1KI Mission; tel. Bush 613
_^_ J_E_F JW^JTED.—yEKAiB.
A TOUNO nurse for grown rhild, $20.
A Scandinavian cook for amali fajnlly, $35.
A young woman with city references as
cook, f .;:.
A waitress for a hot*I, city. $23.
A rertaursnt waitress, $3 a week.
A mlddl'-aged woman as working house-
kaeper, fI6.
A waitress lot a p!ain hotel in country. $20.
4<> housework (rtrl* for city and country.
MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
A GIRL or woman for cooking for tVo in
'ami!)"; place in Nevada: expenses paid; S23
a month. MISS PLUNKETT'8, 425 Sutter
ft., neer Powell.
A YOUNG eirorft- woman with experience for
nu'» in * hospital. $23, boerd and room.
MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
A OKRMAX or French nursery governess for
..ne grown chiM. $23; references. MISS
PLUNKtrTT. 4» Sutter 6t. near Powell.
A FIRST-C7_i£S cook for a private family.
«50; references. MIES PLUNKETT. 425
Butter St., Bear Powr-11.
A LADY'S maid, $Si>; references and «-xp*ri-
tncf necessary. MIPS PLUXKETTS, 423
Kutter rX., n*ar Pcwell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« Montgomery, r. 12—
2 waitresses, $2i and found; country.
GIRL lor general nouetwork and plain cook-
irx; wates $18-?20. 1216 Fulton st. near
Devisadero.
LADIES for steady home employment: $8 to
SI2 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket «t.. room tSl*.
TEN rirl» for housework. $20-125- $30 per mo '
2 eaJeeladlee, call early, $4O-$5O mo. 612-
6L3 Grant bide.; phone south 104.
WANTED — Ten thousand mothers to give
CHICLETS to their children for their little
stomachs' sake.
TOCNG laflie* to study for the ctace. Box
497. Call office.
WANTED — Girl for greneral work and waiting*.
Hyde et
HXLP WABTTED— rEMA_E— Contlaned.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary st, room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5;. positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
medlately. Parlors, 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, eta ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
fluced prices. 133 Powell st
WANTED — Reliable woman for cooking and
crenerai housework in family of 4 adults;
small washing; wages $25; German or Swed-
ish girl preferred. Apply between 9 a. m.
and 12, Monday, 707 Ashbury st, nr. Waller.
WAXTED— A few first-class lady solicitors;
must be of nice appearance, well educated
and good conversationalists; $1 per day to
start with and liberal commission allowed.
Addreaa in cwn handwriting, box 479, CalL
GIRL for crenerai housework; wares $20. 720
Cole at
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers. 744 Market st
room 27.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Cnutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday ; salary no object
WOMAN, accustomed to business, who can
take training for an important position.
Executive, box 877, Call office.
A XEAT appearing woman to learn typewrit-
ing and correspondence; must be graduate
of at least High School. 25 Third Bt.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and housework In
a small family; wagea $25. Apply Monday,
1802 McAllister st
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply 49 Geary «t
APPRENTICES and gt>od makers wanted in
millinery store. 692 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Market
street.
OIRL at silk factory. 31 Jessie atreet
A YOUNG drl to learn corsetmaking. Apply
Patent Corset. 1565 Sacramento st
OPERATORS on ladies 1 underwear. 666 Mis-
«lon st. third -floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 656 Mission
St., third floor.
YOUNG woman for housework and to tend to
invalid. 712 Sixth St., Oakland.
APPRENTICE girl wanted on pants; pay
while learning. 628 Montgomery, room 33.
WANTED — Lady partner for Portland centen-
. nlal. Call at 20% Seventh st.
EEI.P WAH-ED — MAIE.
PERHY'S MERCANTILE Bl'REAU, ~~~~~"
fe>}6 Market Etrwt. room 325, fifth floor.
Office house, 9 a. tn. to G p. m.
Bookkeepers assistant $15 to $25 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department Ktore $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $15 weok
Timekeepers |15 week
Accountant $15 to ?^5 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager ?1S week
Two shipping clerks $15 week!
General office work $15 week
Bank clerk (bond required) $25 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
iHfti Market St.. room 325, fifth floor.
(.Open Sunday 10 to 12 o'clock.)
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents 95 Third Bt.
Teamsters, $2 25, new work, near city, long
Job.
Teamsters Fare 10c. Teamsters $2 25
Tearr.EterE, bay shore, $2.
Bartender. German. $30 and found.
Carpenter, city, contract.
Young: man for flower Htore, $12 to $15.
Solicitor for t^a and coffee, blp Inducements.
Man for dve house, $15 to $2O week.
Amador Co., teamsters, $2.
Nevada, tfamyUre. $2 50; fare $10 00.
COOK and wife, country ,hotel, $rt5- 2 gravel
miners. ?2 50 day: gasoline engineer for
mine. $2 &0 a day; carriage painter r milker
and wife. $50 and found; farmers, $30 and
found; and others. J. F. CKOSETT _ CO.,
G2i> Eacmmento St.
AXDP.E '8 office, 317" Stockton st.
Experienced man to make fancy and plain
ice creams; good washer; French pattissier;
first -clasB waiter : kitchen hand; porter din-
ing-room: porter who can do plain laundry
work, country hotel, etc. ¦
THE P.OMAYN-SHIRK REGISTER. RENT-
ING AND ADVERTIPING COMPANY,
612-C13 Orant B!d<?. Phone South 1O4.
Two Rents' furnishing salesmen. $100; two
Bents' clothing men. $100: waiters for hotel,
$30; a No. 1 watchmaker, $100.
AT Cal. Emp. Agency. 14 Third St., tel. Bush
400 — Teamster, city, $2 50 day; we ship to
Nevada to-day (Sunday).
BARBERS, attention — Monday, November 14,
J. B. I. U. of A.. Local No. 14S. will give a
reception and smoker to the general presi-
dent and delegates of the American Federa-
tlDn of Labor. A full attendance Is hereby
required. Refreshments for all.
J. R. BLEILY. Secretary.
BARBERS, ATTENTION !
Wanted — Flrst-claes barber-shop doing good
buelneBs; 2 to 6 chairs; will pay cash for the
came. Address, with full na.rtict:lars, box
47«2. Call office.
MEN — The only original Meier Barber College
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber Collie, C49 Sacramento Et.
lately moved from Clay st.
A TAILOR wanted on custom coate, and an
errand boy: steady work; good pay. 533 Na-
toma Ft.
$500 — STEADY man for partner in a No. 1
burtnofs; larfre profits; easy to learn. In-
vestigate at 283 Fourth st, barber shop.
WANTED — An all around tailor. Apply REIS3
EROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED man. help cook In small res-
taurant. 2iS5 Market St., near Sixteenth.
MUSICIANS to Join brass band. 323 Bush
«t. third floor.
WAXTED— Good fhoemaker on repairing; for
shoe store; steady work. 2S01 Mission st.
BAKERS' helper. Apply at »C6 Seventh st
(Market-st station), Oakland.
BOY wanted. 138 Hayes st, corner Van Ness
ave.
WANTED — Every man in town to ask his
druggist about CHICLETS.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs, good furni-
ture; a bargain. 2C2 O'Farrell st
CUTTER wanted; one with experience and of
rood appearance; none but first-class men'
need apply. S. N. WOOD *¦ CO.. 740 Market
MEN — The barber trade taught free; wage*
after first week; new method. HAIGHT'S.
611 Commercial at.
WANTED — Boys from 13 to 15 years of age
for cash boys. Apply between 0 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
SALESMAN Immediately to work city trade;
references require: state salary expt»cted;
as a whole or aide line. Box 4849, Call.
WANTED — A younjr man to drive grocery
wagon and assist in store; references re_
qulred; Address box 4M5, Call office.
WANTED — Boys, 17 and 18 years old, " for
wrappers. Apply superintendent's office, Tha
Emporium.
WANTED — Educated gentleman competent for
encyclopedia work; salary $1000; references
required. 47, Academy of Sciences.
WANTED — First-class barber, one,wh» speaks
Polish language, for country; wages $20 per
week. Box 4537, Call office.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; cloth** closets, hair mattress; electric
light in every room. €61 Howard st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. 6£i Mission st. bet 1st and 2d ats.,
or 11 Third St., Examiner building;.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid. ,-open till 0 p.m.
WANTED — Orders for burnt work. Box 4123,
Call office. ¦ "
TWO young men; barber trade taught free;
wages after f.rtt week. • 751 • Mission st. '
ERRAND boy to make himself useful In Rents'
furnishing stare_ ROGERSON. 635 Valencia.
ENERGETIC, reliable men aa city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st
A NEAT, experienced bed maker to sweep and
rent room*. Call after. 9, 25 Third it
BEAX. EOTATO--^CITT---yOB 8AI_U^
EOME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots, Excelsior Homestead Tract ;
level as a billiard table; oa grade; close to
fine school and Miasion-st electric cars;
bound to double in value.
410 per month, so taxes, fins lots, near
Ocean Boulevard; best resldenca location
aouth of Golden Gate Park. Get tbe children
on« for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE. >- '¦
26 Montgomery st, r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
¦ $21 50 — LARGE 8-room house, 47 Arlington st. ;
could be made Into flats with very Uttia
expense; near Mission and Guerrero at. ears;
$1750 mortgage can stand. D. COFFIN, 2523
Mieslonst. near Twenty-first
__________ _ __
Lot 50x100: price $G00; Felton St.. between
San Bruno ave. and Glrard st, San Francisco.
Inquire owner, Bll Broadway.
FOR sals— 3 colonial houses, 8 rooms, bat-
»nd basement; beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny; east side of Tenth ave.. near
I st. Sunaat Hallatt A Gaa. on pramlsea.
MODERN cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; on terms
same as rent. Apply owner, lumber yard,
corner Army and Condon st_
$1400— TERMS if desired; 38-foot front; block
of 19th and Valencia; street work complsta.
The Dolan Co., 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. If included,
any location, on $1 23 per weak. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossiey bid.
$3500 — COTTAGE. 6 room* and bath: Vermont
St., near 25th; bargain. Box S61. Call ofScw.
A NEW 5-room residence Just completed. See
owner, B25 Seventh ave., Richmond.
MODERN bathrooms fitted up; estimates.
Ahlbach tt Mayer. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
HOUSES built cheap; plans free. Builder.
436 Parrott building.
BE A_ ESTATE — COUNTRY — JPor Sal*.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. LODI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to It; th»
section that has the most fertile soil in tha
San Joaquin Valley; fine roada; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract la 10-acre
lots; only 2^» miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep;
school on the tract; $75 per acre. This will not
last over 30 days; first come, first served. Ad-
joining land sold for $123.
$8500— Close to Napa City; 50 acres rich,
level land; 35 acres in orchard 12 years old:
good 8-rocm house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horse*, cat-
tle; farming tools; good furniture; fine income;
half cash.
$1800— Close to Sebastopol; 10 acres fina land;
4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden; 3 acres
young apples; half cash.
$500 -lown — 160 acres and use of 40 more; 2
miles of poatoffice; in Sonoma County; rolling
land; 8 acres vines; crchard: finely fenced;
building alone coat $2000; hous* 7 rooms; barn,
wagon-shed, poultry-houses, yards; 15f*> cords
wood; eome stock; furniture; price $2500.
$400 down — iO-acre dairy and poultry ranch:
2 good dwellings, barn, poultry- houses, incuba-
tor; 6 cows. 15 Angora goats, 2 horses, buggy;
tools; 10 tons of hay: only 1 mile of town; In-
vestigate quick; $2U0O.
$5oOO — Only 1 mile of Haywards; 37 acrea
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
house 6 rocms and bath; finest barn in county.
alone cost $4000; fine view; this is the best buy
in the vicinity.
$2650— North of Watsonville; 65 acres. 8 acres
full bearing apples. !> in grain; fine berry
patch; 10 acres timber; flowing stream; 9-room
house; large barn and granary; water piped to
buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
vicinity. See a few.
I2.M»> — Close to Petalnma, 1 mile station; 10
acres rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful oaks; modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
good barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse,
cow, 80 hens, buggy, etc. ; will add. 12 acre*
adjoining if desired; see this quick.
JUi.Ott) — Close to Geyservllle: 6d acres rich
Russian River bottom; great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard. 12 prunes, 23 acres fine alfalfa; Urea
new barn. We offer some of the finest farms
in the world In this superb section; let us
drive you around. * '
$2500— Near Hopland: 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family orchard; good
house and outbuildings; well fenced; Investi-
gate this.
$1500— All level. 10 acres, 2 miles of Calis-
toga; small orchard; good house and barn; 2
wells; Dear school.
ALFALFA LANS.
$50 per , acre — a miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up: half cash.
$50 per acre— Near Lo-ii, on the Woodbridgs
canal.
$5000 — 40 acres, all tillable. No. 1 soil; fam-
ily crchard; mostly In grain; 6-room house;
good barn, windmill, blacksmith shop, poultry-
houses; near school; fine team; Jersey cow.
pigs, laying 1 hens, tools; wagon. 2 buggies; all
furniture: close to Santa Rcsa.
$2750 — Foothill ranch of ieO acres; near
Clayton; 80 acres fine plow land; house, good
barn; family orchard; terms.
$17C0 — 25 acres, close to Callstcga; adapted
to vines and tr«?cs; family orchard; cozy 5-room
cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house. 2 Incubators, brooders; all
farming tools; near Pataluma; price $2000.
$S5 per acre for sandy loam land, slightly
roiling; 3 miles west of Petaluma: tn tracts
from 5 acres up. We wl9h to call special at-
tention to the choice homes we have In the vi-
cinity of Petaluma and want to have you
drive out with us and see them. Photos at
this office.
$2500 — 25 acres, half rolling and balanca
level; near Santa Rosa. 3 miles of Kenwood:
'rich land; 2 acres orchard; vineyard; creek, £
wells: nice cottage 5 rooms; large barn;
fencad Into 4 fields; 5 poultry-housea. large
wire netting yards 150 laying hens; good hora*.
3 cattle: spring wagon, top buggy; 4 tens hay;
easy terms.
$2600—10 lots at Corte Madera; 4 • minutes
from depot: log cabin worth $i0CO, fina shake
cabin; stable; fine suburban home: easily worth
$3300; hot and col'i water throughout; modern.
$2950—34 acres, near Watsonville; 1£W> apples;
6 ares fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balanc*
grain; 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
$1200 — 10 acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl- sandy loam: 5-rocm house and barn.
$23CO— Near Santa Otui, 60 acres rich alluvial
soil; 8 acrea orchard, moatly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room house,
tarn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on tha coast.
WHITE & BAYLET...;'
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st, room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
NICE. INDEED— One mile from Haywards,
Alameda Co.: 19 acres of very fertile land;
6 acres of fine bearlnc trees; 1 acre vine-
yard: gently rolling; big windmill and tank-
house with 2 rooms; elegant modern housa)
of 8 rooms; new barn: chicken-housea. chick-
ens; 2 horses, wagons. Implements and rich
household furniture; exceptional bargain be-
cause of landlord's old age; the land alona
worth the price, $7500.
RIANHA & CO.. 627 Montgomery st. S. F.
SALE or exchange- for city property; sacrifice:
153 acres Napa Co.; 6O acres In cultivation:
fruit, vtnes and grain: fully equipped ana
t>aytng: beautiful place: gentleman's home.
SHADBURNE. .*T5 Montgomery st.
$1SOO — HERE Is a snap. You pay for the houa«
what U Is worth and you get the lot 25xt5t>,
free at a local station across the bay; store
and 2 ¦ living rooms below, 6 living room*
above. Box 400. Call office.
BERKELEY — House to lease on large corner
lot; 12 rooms; every convenience; abundanca
of trees, flowers, fruit; best location: near
College "ave.; near electric lUie: rent $100.
Address J. S* B.. Berkeley P. O.
ATTENTION. H0MESEEKER3!
Bend pcstal ¦ for catalogues of tha best land;
bargains tn California. C M. WOO3TER CO..
«48 Market st
A 'WEEK'S newa far S cents — The Weakly Call.
1H pare* tn wraDt»r. for mailing. SI par rear.
SAN MATEO BEAI. ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK — On Una of San Mateo electrts
cars. 43 minutes from Fifth and Market »ti. ;
outside the fok belt .and Just beyond w,here>
tha S. P. Cow's bay shore "cutoff" win Join
the main' line; SO- foot lota from $400 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; i*w«r
and water pipes In front of every lot; pur>»
artesian wall water; 173 lot* sold atnea
Angukt 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot In this deslrabl* section; taite tha
?Iectrtc car« and get off at '-DMTTA
- PARK" and investigate; maps sont oa »>•
plication..— mn
EEL BT. RODDERS * CO..
TeL Main 67.1. 11« Callforrrta, at.
HEAL ESTATE TO ETECHAUGE.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or 8. F. property .
fcr ranches. J. H. EDSON. XI-S Bacon
block. Oakland. '
RTAT. ESTATE WASTED.
6-8 RM residence In Mission warm belt; «tre«t
work 'done; limit $4000. Box 4982. C*1L
Continue ' on Page Tea.
1 . '-.-^Jt^?J^^^!?^^^h^^Ar,^
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O-'S"
BULLETIN.
"REXRADIO'S" PUBLIC "FREE*^ LECTURE
AND HEALING. WITH HUMANIZED RA>
DIUM. TESTS TO EVERY PERSON IN
THE AUDIENCE DESIRING THEM "TO-
DAY" at 2 and 8 p. m. "RADIUM HALL."
7S3& Market and 1 4th st. CORNER OP
MARKET and FOURTH. Bring your SICK
POOR. •
"REXRADIO'S" office hours, 2 to 7 p. m.
Consultation "free." Terms to suit means.
"ALLEGED INCURABLE" diseases of all
kinds treated by Rexradlo. - ", "*
"MEDICINE" and medical instruments are
never prescribed or used by Rexradlo, "only"
harmless, painless "HUMANIZED RA-
DIUM" power.
"NAMES" of all patients referred to BELOW
are at the offices.
"HE LEAPS"— A cripple from PARALYSIS,
almost powerless LEAPED frequency after
first treatment in public hall. Numerous
similar cases.
"MILLS OF THE GODS" grind "slowly";
Humanized Radium grinds diseases quickly.
often "Instantly."
"LATEST MARVEL" (last Thursday):
"Through a fall ona of my spinal bones was
displaced. PROTRUDING outward. It felt
loose, slipped about under my hand; trying
to stoop caused severe pain. After 2 treat-
ments by Rexradlo the bone went back to it*
place;, the splna is now LEVEL to the eye
and touch."
"AGONIZING PAIN" for years (GASTRITIS):
"Doctors said I must die. Last Friday first
treatment instantly removed all pains."
"ETERNAL SILENCE" broken; several
DEAF MUTES have recently HEARD and
Intelligibly SPOKEN words spoken to them
in ordinary voice and WHISPER not only by
Rexradio. but also by numerous persons In
his "public" audiences, whose signatures as
WITNESSES are attached to the testimo-
nials. Each treatment occupied 3 seconds j
only. Patient's eyes were always "closed" I
during speaking tests to prevent his "read- I
Ing" speaker's lips and "guessing" what was
spoken.
"ANOTHER WONDER"— Last Thursday AN-
OTHER DEAF MUTE after 3 seconds-
treatment HEARD and SPOKE what was
said to her under TEST conditions same as
above.
"LIGHT DAWNS" for . BLIND man: "My
eyes for years barely knew light from dark-
ness-. After Rexradio's one treatment I saw
the form of his uplifted hand, and the light
. between his fingers when separated. I looked
out of window, and at 30 feet distinguished
forms cf human beings, carriages, etc. All
this impossible before." Note — He saw the
outline*; further treatments may restore his
vision fully. •
"WATERS SUBSIDE"— "Within 24 hours of
Rexradio's first treatment the DROPSY en-
tirely left my limbs."
"REXRADIO" fully CURED our rheumatism,
neuralgia, falling vision, paralysis, cancer,
"fever," gastritis, anchylosis, dropsy, ulcer,
tumor. "Interview" ua. ,
"CIUPPLE WALKED," unaided (last week),
after first treatment; . previously couldn't
STAND without strong support; (LOCOMO-
TOR ATAXIA).
"LAWYER" (one of elty"» foremost) last week
lost his SCIATICA at Rexradio's office, and
offers no reward for its recovery!
"MINING EXPERT" missfd his large CAN-
CER several weeks since; now wishes he
had met Rexradlo a year "earlier."
•¦REXRADIO'S" one treatment opened my
long CATARRH-clcsed nostrils and I
breathed freely."
"FUNERAL MARCH" to the grave was the
dolorous tune my pulse played when TY-
PHOID fever ' clutched ire. but after Rex-
radio'? 2 treatments the tune changed to
David's anthem. "I shall NOT DIE. BUT
LIVE"; no relapse. K.. 112 Fell st.
'•IN MY HOUSE" and presence Rexradlo mad«
2 DEAF MUTES hear and SPEAK.
"KEXRADIO" In my office, wonderfully help-
ed canes INCURABLE by MEDrciNE."
(Physician). »¦
"FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH" vainly sought by
Ponc° de Leon is "found" in Rexradio's
"h\irr.anlz <1 d radium"; "friends say I look
20 ye.irs younger since he treated me."
"OSSIFIED LADY"— Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bart-
lett; joints of limbs, arms, neck. etc.. for
years IMMOVABLE; ALL MOVED FREE-
LY atter oie treatment -everal weeks ago.
(Sec her.)
"LEADING CITIZEN"— After "first" treat-
ment lost all symptoms of many years' dis-
tressing disease that made life intolerable;
further treatments made wondeTful cure
PERMANENT. '
••LEADING PHYSICIANS" have witnessed
marvelouHly successful treatments of total
deafness, paralysis, deaf mutes, neuralgia,
etc. ; names at offices..
"WONDEKSTRUCK"— "Mrs. Knowles. the
long bedridden, OSSIFIED lady, recently vts-
Itert me; I found all her formerly solid Joints
frefly movable: she grasped and shook my
hand— before Impossible; I was wonderstruck
to see the great change."
"ATHLETICS" — Rexradio instantly helped my
PARALYSIS." and I walked, ran, LEAPED."
"ALMOST MIRACLE"— Recently I took a
DEAF MUTE to Rexradio: in 3 seconds he
made her HEAR 4 and SPEAK numerous
words and sentences, which we all under-
stood clearly. She also spoke for me. If was
almost a MIRACLE."— J. P.. 3460 20th st.
"REXRADIO" made my many years totally
DEAF ear instantly hear WHISPER at 70
ftet." . ... .
"DOUBLE BARRELED" healing: While
Rexradlo was treating a patient, a rheu-
matic person sat within 4 feet, who de-
clared she felt the power pass to her and re.
move her pains. (A "frequent" occurrence.)
"STORED RADIUM" — Kexradlo charged a
handkerchief with his healing force, which
was taken miles, laid on lady in agony from
dUeaie; In few seconds all pains left her;
sound sleep following.
"DISTANT HEALING" by Rexradlo has been
wonderfully effective in numerous instances.
"REXRADIO" Instantly made my ANCHY-
LOSKD limb move naturally, and 1 walked
freely." ¦
"MY TYPHOID FEVER" at Its most DAN-
GEROUS STAGE was absolutely BROKEN
UP and fully CURED by Rexradio's 2
treatments, in one day."— K.. 112 Fell st.
"PARALYSIS"^-My nearly helpless limb and
aim had normal strength and abilities fully
* rf-storetl by Rexradio's 1 treatment."
"BLINDNESS AVERTED": natural strong
'sight established by Rexradio's 2 treatments;
I now easily read SMALLEST PRINT with-
out .glasses." '2 ¦
"THUNDER INAUDIBLE" many years to 2
of us: after 3 seconds public treatment we
both heard WHISPER at 30 feet; two prom-
inent "physicians" in hall "openly" saM tha
results were truly "wonderful."
"RUNS AND LEAPS/'— PARALYZED pa^
tient, in presence of above 2 physicians,
after 3 seconds' treatment, RAN and"
LEAPED. i
"ELECTRICITY," eonceaied batteries, ete.,
cannot account for Rexradio's peculiar pow-
ers; TWICE he has * met this objection by
Inducing "skeptics'"* to PUBLICLY and
thoroughly SEARCH him in full view of
crowded audiences. On their declaring the
search satisfactory, he instantly touched the
totally deaf ear of tha chief : searcher (skep-
tic), who then owned he beard WHISPERED
words.
"ATTORNEY'S" ANCHYLOSED UNBEND-
ING KNEE instantly moved naturally after
few seconds* treatment.
"MEDICAL LIBERALITY"— City physician
said to audience : "I strongly advise those
incurable ' by medicine to take Rexradio's
marvelous treatment." ; ¦
"REXRADIO" gives above results of FIRST
treatments, which. may become "permanent"
by further treatment*.' "Names" of above
I natie-nts at of flcee.
"REXRADIO'S" free public healing T<>
DAY. 2 to 8 p. m. Office hours, 2 to 7—
783% Market, cor. <th.
A WEEK" 8 news for B cents— The Weekly CalL
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PAJEMANOINQ. PAXNTINQ. ETC.
First-class work.' reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE, 1067 McAlllater St.; tel. Fell 2403<t
.--- '¦-,':-•"":¦• gAT-yrs; ' .
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-Iaw. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at
FCTRCSASXNQ AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln st, room 49; tel. South 3Jp,
*rrmc^^TO_]ttTrME»rM--coa^»«d i
ELEGANT uprights, new and 2d-hand, $15 to
$500. . Pierce' s Piano Factory. Market and
Fourteenth ats. . •
FOR sale — Fine upright piano, bargain. 1010
Golden Gate ave.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st
$90-^-UPRIGHT grand.' nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNO. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. 'BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay- |
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Stelnway up: Chickering baby grand;
Fhonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Tha Weekly Call,
IB paves. In wrapper, for mailing;. $1 per year
MONET TO -OAK.
~M ANHATT AN "ToAlT "cOMPANY^anc)--
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 5tf AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY '
Becond mortgages, life insurance" policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and unaivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suita 107-108 Crocker bldg. :. phone Main 5924.
AAA-HEHM.VN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick aettlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eftate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, pioperty In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Cour^ous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
U WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1M, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city,. town
or country. . •
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
8ALARY LOANS— /
Mcney leaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement; knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
Ht or 2d mortgages cr on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond?. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market; tel. Mai i 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
leourity; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 55a Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gageB, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st,
near Market.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St..
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc.. at
2 per cent per month.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 523 Parrott Did.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery et., rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and-- other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONET to loan at low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearl.i and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. 'Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan A
Hall, room 1213 Call bid*-; phone Main 3214.
TO palarled people without security. Th* White
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. ' Bk. ' bldg.
ALL loans on diamondsand Jewelry at 2per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tha Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address la tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MONET WANTED.
WANTED — $2700; firft mortgage; country
property; Bpl*-ndid security: 7H per cent In-
terest; principals only. Box 873. Call office.
MATTBESSES A»PJPII.I.OWS. f
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 218.
MINES AN- MINING.
FOR sale — Very rich partly developed quartz
mine on mother lode; easy terms; will take
some stock. Address box 4047, Call office.
FOR sale — American oil stock; Contra Costa
County. For particulars add. box 432, Call.
NTJB3E3.
SECOND ave. 734, near' Fulton — Home and
care for invalids and for mental and nervous
cases; phone Page i'505.
OrriCEB AS_ STOKES TO IiET.
DIAMOND. 819— rStore and kitchen; good for
Christmas to make money.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tings, bagginess of eyes or any blemish of
the face, Mme. Gill in sham invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and im-
proved method, known to no other in this
city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton (>t. ; write for booklet.
M. ELLA HARRIS, French liquid powder;
¦ gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off; send
only $1 and test it for yourself. M. Ella Har-
ri«, chemist and skin specialist, 128 Geary St.-
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops. falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no 'stain or stickiness;
cleanses siealp;at druggists', hairdressers"; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 I'otit.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROW ELL _ BROWN, 40 Turk St., S. F.
NOTICE-^My wife, KATHARINA RUNDE,
having ief t my board and bed, I will not be
responsible for any debts incurred by her in
my name. F. H. RUNDE, 2160 Mission st
FANCY and silk drespus carefully washed.
Japanese Favorite laundry, estab.
1899. ,2122 FiHmbreiSt. : phone Geary -2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled tor suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
.'.-..Tailor, ¦ 721 .Market st. . ' ¦
YOU can buy $75 wqrth of furniture for $7 50
down andfll 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St., near Powell.
ELECTROLYSIS, magnetism, massage parlors.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER, 320 Starr King bldg..
121 Geary st. : .-" .- ¦¦¦¦:¦.. - - ¦
THERE is nothing- so refreshing to a fevered
mouth as a CHICLET. •¦¦•.•
H. ANDERSON. 26 O'Farrell st. — Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
MRS DR. GWYER 511 A Leaven worth st. be-
tween Geary and Q'Farrell.;. Tel. East 697.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 7,29 Market st
ELEGANT aults to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. : 850 Market
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt !
$1 a week; suits to orde r $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market st.,- bet Seventh and Eighth. . • • - •' :-
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments,
p. V. GARIN. 188 Montgomery st ¦
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs."
Eaton,36D Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary,r.3S. j
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dresa pants $2 6o7 I
: Misfit i Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian' Henna : restores gray j
hair to its natural col or, $1 at all druggists'. '
CLEARING-MOUSE OF HUMAN INTERESTSGeorre E. and Emmeline L. Bates to Eliza
S. Tallant, lot on S line of Green street.
103:1^ E of Devlsadero, E 34:4Vi by S 137:0;
. Georse E. and Alice V. Sweeney, to Robert
A. Dean, lot on N line of Filbert street, 233-9
W of Brodertck, \V 25, NW 93:10%. E to point
opposite beginning, 1 S; 107:6; $10.
Ella C. or ¦ Ella Lamuc to . Charles or Karl
Semler. , lot on N line of Union street 122-11
W of Baker. W 25. N 131:0, E 10:5, N 94 SF
to point, 122:11 W of Baker. S to berinnln*.
quitclaim deed ; ?5. . '
Charles or Carl and Hannah Semler to Al
fred G. Harmes, lot on N line of Union street
110 W of Baker, \V 27:0 by N 110; 510.
- 'James J. Cummlnga to Annie E. Cummings
on S line of Pine street, 137 :6'W of Lyon'
W, 50 by S 100; gift.* ., .
\ Jacob and Madzia 'Isacson to Joseph K.
Firth, lot on S line of Washington street, 112-6
E. of Laurel,, E 25 by S 102:8>4; $10..
• Wlnslow and Bertha L. Anderson to Michael
Donohoe, lot on N line, of 'Jackson, street," 180
W of Me^Ie, W 50, N 122, NE 50, S 12611
*10-".~. ¦-,,¦¦¦-¦-..• ¦- . ;: .-. .:'., \- '
"• Bryan'J.- Clinch to Edward H. Mitchell, lot
on S: line of. Clay street,' 112:8 B of Cherry E
2p byS 1O2:8V1; $10. : ¦ ..'
Maud G. and Manuel G. Eyre and Alfred J.
Joseph. and Anna dine to Charles and Kath
erine Caronte, lot on S line of Filbert street,
87:6 E of Buchanan. E 20 by S 111; $10..-
City and County of San Francisco to Lizzla
Lobree, lot on S line of Sacramento street
104:3 E of ¦: Fillmore, E 76:6 by S 132:7ig;
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12.
REAIi ESTATE TRAXSx\CTIOXS.
IiATE SHIPPING IXTELLJGEXCE.
SAILED.
Sunday, Nor IS.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 13. — The Gov
ernment boat Mifflin to-day picked up
the body of an unknown man floating
between Lime Point and Angel Island.
It was towed to the Island and later
brought to San Rafael. The remains
had -been in the water two weeks.
Nothing was found on the body by
which it could be identified.
Body Found in Bay.
NAPA. Nov. 13. — Earl Stephens, who
Is employed at S. Mayfleld's grocery,
was badly hurt Saturday night while
driving on Union street, in the vi
cinity of the Sawyer tannery. His
horse, a spirited animal, became
frightened and started to run away.
In turning a corner the driver was
thrown violently from the wagon- to
the ground. He struck upon his right
shoulder, dislocating and fracturing
the shoulder blade.
Napa Man Badly Injured.
CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. 13. — The
Sugar Planters' Union at a meeting
here has considered, the disposition of
the surplus stock from last year's
crop. It was decided to export 10
per cent as soon as the planters com
mence grinding, early next January.
Another 10 per cent will be exported
In February or March. Conservatively
estimated, the sugar crop of 1905 will
reach 250,000,000 pounds, of which
the planters will control 150,00,000
pounds.
Mexico's Sugar Surplus.
Chris Petrusich (owner) with Charles E.
Coburn (contractor). architect — All work
except plumbing, gas fixtures, mantela • and
shades for a two-story and basement frame
building (flats) on S line of Angelica street,
200 S of Nineteenth. S 25 by W 73; $2S0O.
James W. Zlbbell (owner) with Frtlnklin F.
Ralston (contractor and architect) — All work
for a two-story frame stable on E line of
Eleventh avenue 100 N of C street, N 50 by
E 120 O. L. 371; $4300.
C. G. Lareen (owner) with W. J. Bell (con
tractor. C. A. Muessdorffer architect— Painting
and Tarnishing, etc.. for a six-story and a
three-story and basement brick building on N
line of Eddy street. 137:6 E of Mason. E 25.
N 65:6. E 50 N 24. B 75 S 89:6; $1000.
Same owner with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors). same architect — Freight ele
tor. passenger elevator and dumb waiter for
building on Eddy street, near Mason: $3900.
J. L. Hicks (owner) with Bernhard Pearson
(contractor).- M. J. Welsh architect — Altera
tions and additions to a two-story frame
building on E line of Caroline street, 123 S
of Folsom. S 25 by E 120; $3000.
Builders' Contracts.
* William H. Troy and Henry F. Williams (by
Peter J. Curtia, Sheriff) to San Francisco and
Fresno Land Company, lot on S corner of
Eleventh avenue and Q street, SE 100 by SW
100, block 226. O'Neil and Haley Tract; $83.
- William H. and Bella L. Kearney to Rosa
J. Pires. lot on S corner of Eugenia street and
Buena Vista avenue. SW 25:8 by SE 70. 4ot
S03. Cobb Tract; $10.
Edward and Julia A. Ross to August SJog;
ren, lot on W Una of Alabama street, 275 S of
Twenty-sixth, W to Serpentine avenue, SE to
Alabama street, N to beginning, quitclaim
deed: $5.
Anton and Minnie Carlson to Fred and David
E. Carlson, lot on 6E line of Peralta street.
145:6% SW of Butler. SW 23:1%. S 95:9%, SE
23:9, N 124:11%, block. 2. Precita. Valley 50;
$10.
Henry Stern to Eliza Stern, lot on S line of
Twenty-first street. 112:8 W of Douglass, W
!75:1, S 119. E 62:6, N 69:6. E 12:6. N 52:6;
gift. ' 2 —
Martha and Reace Bennett to Emma Baker
(wife of J. W.). lot on NE corner of Ellert
and Bennington streets, N 6O by E 100. lota 1
and 2. block 9, Fair's subdivision Holly Park;
gift.
Andrew L. and Luella E. Collin to Peter
Jorgensen. lot on E line of Sanchez street. 300
S of Thirtieth. S 25 by E 125, block 26, Fair
mount; $10.
Martha V. Woodward to John Glllogley. lot
on SE line of San Jose avenue. 294:10^ NE of
Thirtieth street, NE 25. SE 156:3. SW 23:5%.
NW 151:2ii. Precita Valley 403 to 410; $10.
I Gray to Robert Gordan, lot on "W line of Jes
: *le street. 110 8 of Hermann, S 50 by W "7:6;
|10.
Ida O. and Herbert F. Hodgdon and Mar
garet J and Thomas Morffew to P. J. Keys,
{ lot on E line of Julian avenue. 130 S of Flf
i teenth street. S 25 by E 84; $10.
I James J. Cummincs to Annie E. Cummings,
j lot on W line of Mission street, 220 N of Twen.
tieta, N 25 by W 90; gift.
' Hamilton C. Bowie Jr. to Louise R. Barriol-
I net, lot on S line of Fourteenth street. 100
, "W of Dolores. W 25 by S 110: »10.
i San Francisco Savings Union to Thomas
R. Manning, iot on SE corner Twentieth and
Diamo-id streets, E W by S 07:6; $1O.
O. <Cr>sta to J. Cuneo Company, lot on N line
of Pacific street. 30 :S E of Kearny. E 47:10
by N 137:6, Quit claim deed; $3.
J. Cuneo Company to N. A. Gosllner. same;
$10. «
i Eureka Benevolent Association (or Eureka
Benevolent Society) to Virginia Vanderbllt.
lot on S line of Turk street. 137:6 W of Tay
lor. W 137:6 by S 137:6, and lands adjoining.
quitclaim deed; $1.
John N. Pomeroy to Harriet H. Thompson,
undivided sixth of lot on NE corner Clay
and Hyde streets. E 137:6 by N 68:0: $10.
Same to Carter P. Pomeroy, undivided sixth
of same: $10.
I Ella Castlehun to Eliza Cooper (wife of
William), lot on JCE line of Gilbert street, 80
MV of Brannan, NW 23 by NE SO: $10.
I William Cooper to Eliza Cooper (wife), lot
i on NE line of Gilbert. 80 NW of Brannan, NW
25 by NE SO; gift.
Moses Blum to Leo BlumenthaL lot on W
line of Seventh avenue, 100 N of Point Lobos
i avenue. N 12»:6 by W 139:8; $10.
i Francis X. and Eliza W. Mettmann to Wll
i Ham Lyon, lot pn SB corner Thirtieth avenue
and B street. E 00 by S 172:5; $10.
Frank J. McGllnchey and John H. Speck
to Frederick G. Knell, lot on E line of Sixth
avenue. 100 S of C street. S 23 by E 120: $10.
Union Treat Company to Hannah Franklin,
lot on E line of Ninth avenue. 10O N of O
street. N 75 by E 12O; J10.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.
10
HATWAJtDS SEAX ESTATE^
I* ACHE?, with email House. Rood barn,
ohh'k.-n housee. plenty of wood and water;
Dear town; s: :."..:i •.
ACRES: 5-room house, barn. <! or 7
chicken licuECP. " brooder houses with heat-
«rs; yardf fenced witli ivire fence; hor.-e-
liuspy. harness, cow :ifW fine, young
rjiickees; j.art land in fruit: fine view; near
'.own: $1^0 ccn remain on montage; only
"5 ACRES, with fl-room two-rton- hou^e.
barn. well. ¦rfxtd-BOI -ltd task; several acre*
In fruit and fines; j>!ent>- of wood and
water; 2*4 miles lrcrn town: $1500.
BEKKELEY ADVEKT'S'NTS
nnnitELUV heal, estate.
— *3500—
A CRCICE Morae en Delaware st.. B«*Mi«t: I
rccrr.f ana bath; let 40x133; new and modern;
tunr.y rtpesore; fine view: ea*y teras* of
ptjrs-Bt If desired; no trouble to ebow prop-
UEALTT EOKPS AND FIJJANCE CO. (Iac-J.
1172 liroadv.aj-. corner *\>urt«enU> »t.
OalU&nd.
:-A.\TA FE Tract, Greater Oakland.
I will nvL< my friends en the tract, S5th-st.
ttatlon, "Kry Route." to-day, bet. 1 and 5
;t. ra. ALUXANDEIt 1IACKIE. S. F., Agt.
street; old lrr: movements.
C-KOOM modem cottage; $S000: 1-3 dawn, bal-
ance easy terms. It. E. NICKEL, 1»O8
Woolsey «t.. S. IJerkeley.
|3ifiO — NEW, inocerx, 7-room house; 15 mln-
•JteB frt.m North Itprkeley station: high
Kfour.d: nn^ view. U. A. EERRT & CO.,
PoEtcfflce block. Uerkeley.
OAKLAXI) ADVERT r S ? -L^Ta
OFFICE. 1016 BROAD WAT.
OAgLAHP&EAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND P80PEBTT KOR SALEX
52-iw — K^duced from f2;»00; owner ar.d
builder financially crrliarraEsed; must sol!;
oottai re of 5 roorv.*, La'.h; all modern con-
veniences, with 9-foot basement, cjastmcted
— o as to be made into a flat of 3 rooms
T»w>re; lot Itrse end eunny; risfct near Key
lloate stcticn at Fortieth and San Pablo;
only 27 n:;i:ates to San Francisco; terms, $330
• arh, balance mcrtpajfe at iow rate cf In-
terest. P^emcmber, the house Is new, mod-
ern; first -class. Fir?t come first served.
J. S. MYEHS. 1W2 Broadway, Oakland.
WE have c'.lentH looking for Investments in
Oakiand property. If you have either houses
cr lots lor sale call at our office or man us
iull description and Trice.
C. E. REED.
4CS Eleventh gt.. Oakland.
IM5CO — AN elepar.t S-rocm house and modern
bath, end let 50x100; all improved In lawn
an<1 cemect walks; house '.s elegantly car-
peted and mostly furnished with flrst-clacs
furniture: positively a sacrifice. See owner.
R. D. CALL AH AN. 26 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont;
fine neighborhood; good location; near car
line; will eell cheap; must be seen to be ap-
treciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th st.
TWO lots, 25>100. with oottape In North Oak-
land, close to Key route power-house and 2
Mocks to local train: only $1000; investigate
this. Inquire -4C5 Telegraph a\-e.
OA-CX.A-fP COTTAGE WAgTEP.
WANTED — 4-room cottajre In Oakland, near !
Key Route. Address 200 Fifth st-. Oakland. ,
OA-CIAirPjrTOgjlTU-tE FOBSALE^ i
TO-MORROW the daj- for bargains in furni- '
ture. H. Pchelhaas. lit*: rt., or.ntore. Oakland \
San Francisco Advertisem'ts j
BOOSES rOB HOUSKEEPTBrq.
liKYANT. 444—2 runr.y rooms, nicely fur-
niehed for housekeeping, with gas^ .
CI.AY. 1C15. nr. Polk — Larpe front suite; un- j
furnished: housekeeping; 1 front pingie room. •
DOLORES, HS4. near Twenty-third — Two j
sur.ny furslvhfrd housekeeping rooms.
;
EDDY. 801 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms.
1XEVENTH. 1W>— Elegant front tuite. com-
plete for housekeeping; single 52 per week;
f.-as and Lath.
FOLSOJI. 3 1 0711 — Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; pas, bath. -
FOLSOM, 2228-rTwo bedrooms, with use of I
kitchfn and lame yard; fl5 per month; no !
objection to children.
KKAXKLIX, £0 — 2<» Sunny furnished rooms, \
sinple or for housekeeping.
GEARY. 122.">— Completely furnished suite for
housekeeping: bath, etc.; also 3-room cottage, ¦
yard; $_1 rr. nth.
OCLDEN GATE eve., 433— Two furnished
ruoniK 'c>r light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATi: ave., C31— Nicely furnished !
houp*?k>?t*tir.s rfx>Tns.
GROVE. Z2 — Unfurnished rooms for house- I
kt*pixig.
HAICHT. 3031 — Tv/o eur.r.y connecting rooms; i
bath etc.; housekeeping; reasonable.
HAYES. 7H«— 2 unfurnished rooms; use of bath
and kitchen.
HOWARD. *2_— Two front euites. also single
housekeeping rooms.
JESflE. .T23— Large sunoy frcnt parlor; fur-
' nished for hnu^-kec-plnt;; gas range; $3 T5 wk.
JONES, 207 — Sunny housekeeping rocms. flO to
JJ2 per week.
KEARNY. 104 — Bay window front suite and
kitchen; ?20; funny; adults; references.
LARKIN. • M9*4 — Nice eunny furnished room;
every convenience for housekeeping; $12 mo. t
KENIIAVORTH. cor. Bush ar.d Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; eteam heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment*. 1340 Plne^-
Funny furnished S-room suites; steam heated,
tiectric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable
UBEHTT, 5"4, nr. Castro — Mod. run. parlors,
kitchen, din. -room; warm belt; adults; refs!
MCALLISTER. 307— 2 large, sunny, nicely fur-
nished bay-window rooms and bath; J18.
. S11NNA. 54^/5 — Furr.Uhed rooms, complete for
housekeeping. .
MISSION. 102»— FuraiFhed rocms to let; house-
keeping.
NATO-1A. 7C— Sunr.y frcnt room, well furnish -
ed for huusekeepirg.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12; ses raii^e; hct bath; adults.
OAK. 407 — Sunny large clean rooms, gentle '
men. $4 and $5 per month.
OKARRELL. 1228— Newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; eultes or single; reasonable.
.TOST. »62 — Sunny front eulte $13: pleasant
single rooms f:>, $S. ?1"; eas, phone.
SACRAMENTO, 1^90— Front sunny furnished !
bfrugckrepl&g eultw, $15 to Y^ per month. ;
fcANCIIKZ. 600, near Eighteenth — Large, sun- j
ny tltilnjr-room, _!co%« bedroom, kitchen; ¦
rcp^onable.
ECOTT. SCO. near Haight— 2 or S extra sunny '
housekeeping rooms; low price.
SUTTER. 3Sot> — Twu unfurnished rooms with
uas i-anc«-: bath. nJsnir.s: water: eas; pri-
vate family.
TENTH. ."00-rTJiref cojnpletely furnished I
!iot^ekef-r:nc rooms; new fla.t; hot and cold !
water; electri'- lights and gas free; ?22 60. j
Till: LAUXSTOX. Jlo Eddy— Newly furnish-
ed: bt»st tran»ient houce In city; JiOc. $1.
THIRD, :)U— 2 ;>ar'.or sult«s. $12: 1 room. $8;
quiet folks enly; private family.
THIRTEENTH. 174—3 unfumithed rooms for
- housekeeping: adults; $10.
TREAT ave.. C70, near Twentieth — Two sunny j
rooms furnished for housekeeping; $12 50.
Tl.'RK. IC«5— Three large, nicely furnished I
housekeeping rooms; eunny; .bath, porch, ¦
stationary tubs; |12 month. :
VAN .\'E?»', 232— Nicely furnished sunny front
bpy-window corner; separate kitchen: $18. I
WALLER. 71 — Regular dining-room and
kitchen of new house; fine view; sun all day.
A nVERTlEEMENTS. eubscrlptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church «ts.
A RRANCII cfUce cf The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
<->p<ncd at 100S Market »t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APAHTMEITT H0T7SES.
"«;;•: Everett Ai>z> t:utnt£, S2S Fell, nr. Flll-
moiV— II oEt. elegant apartments In city; 4
ar:u 5 ruoms. furnished and unfurnished; sun
all day; elevator, telephone; $35 up. . '
COLE, 4rr»C — Sunny furnished 4-room apart-
_Q»nt; piano; very desirable; reference*.
AUCTION -SALES
AUCTION SALE
4V^ TUESDAY. Nov. 13. Lot of GOOD
>^ CHEAP WORK HORSES and MARES.
Also a lot of Wasons, Buxsles and Harness.
! Closing out. 114Q F-Ot.SOM STREET.
RAILWAY TRAVEI- ]
#Tt»I«« !*>•-• aad »r« <t«»
to »rrlT» at
SAN FRANCI3CO.
FlOX OCTOB-B tt. 1304.
7-K-Y I> ETOT
(Toot of M-r-et SCroet.)
_.».« - MAIN LINE. -A.atT-
7.00a VacarlUe. Winter*. Kmnsey 7 50*
7.00a Benlcln, Elmlra.nd Sacramento.. . 7-20?
7.30a Vallejo. N»pa. CalUtogw, S-aU
Kos*. Martinez, San lUmon C-Zu»
7 30a N'llei.Traoy. Lathrop, Seoc.:on.... 7-23*
8 0CAS-rut_ Expr-fi— (Via DaTls).
WlUtamf. Willows. tFruto. Ked
Bluff. Portland. Tacotni*. Senttla 7-53»
8 00a DatIs. Woodland. Kntg-U Landing.
Slarys-llle. Oro»Me J.&O*
830a Martinez. Antloch; Byron. Tracy.
Stockton. N'swman. Lou Bsao*.
! Mendota, Armooa, U-aford,
, Vltalls. Fortenrllle 4.20*
830a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced,
Krew>. Gosaen Jaactlon. Haa-
ford. Ylsstla, BakersBeld 4.50"»
8-30a Kile*. San Jose. Llrermore. Stock-
ton. (tMI!ton>. lone. Sacrament*
MuryiTlllc. Chlco. lied BlnS .... 4.Z_"»
850a Oa-dale. Chlneae, Jamestown. So-
oora. Taolumne ami Angel* ?*££
9-COa Atlantic Kxpre*»— ORilen »nd E**t. a---* 1
8.30a Richmond. Martinez and W»y
Stations » »°*
1040a Tho OrerUnd Limited — Oirden.
Omaha. Chicago, Denver, Kansas
City. St. Louis ~ ,f*0-»
1000a Vallejo....- 1220«»
10.00a Los Amcnle* PamenKnr — Port
E Costa. Martinez. Byroo, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kaymond. Fresno. Goshfn June*
tlon. llnnford, Leaioore, Vliatla.
Cakcrstteld. Lot Angeles 7-2UP
.^.^., Hsyward. NIl*sand Way Sutlont. *¦""*
1 ti-OOP Sacramento Rlrer Steamer* Tl1.00»»
3-30P Benlcln, Winter*. Sacrainenta
Woodland. Knigbl* Landing.
_.'•'- M«ry»»llle, OroTllle and way
¦tatlons 1350*
3.30P Hayward.NSie* and Way Stations.. 7 5Q*»
3 30 P Port Co*ta, M ¦< rt: r. rz. I! y r< >u, Tracy , - *
Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations DeTond Port Coita 12-20*
4-CCp Martinex.San Ramon, ValleJo.Kaps,
; Gallstcsa, Santa Roia 9 20*
4.00P Nile*. Tracy. Stockton 10.20*
4-30P Hayward. Sites. irrlnKton. Saa » t350*
Joie. Llvermore | $11.50*
6 OCp The Owl Limited — N'ewnua, Loa
Uanoa. Mnxioia. Fresao. Tulare.
Baker»aeld.Loa Angeles. 8-50*
tS 30p Hayward. Nile* and San Jo*e ..... 7.20a
6.00PHa7w_rd.NlleiandSanJos« 9.50a
6 OCp Eaatern Espreta— Omaha. Chicairo,
Hearer. Kaaaaa City, St. Leula,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento*
Colfax. Reno, tiparks, Montelio,
Oeden 12.50»
f .00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday..., I 7 ».
7 -OOP Vallejo. Sunday only f '- ou^
7-00P Richmond, ban Pablo. Port Coat-.
llitrt'.nei and War Station* 11 20*
7-00PReno Passenger— Port Cost*. Bo- *•¦•_,
slcla, Sulfiun, Kli-lra. Dlxon.
Davis, Sacramento, Spark*. Tono-
pah. Keener and Way Station*. .. 7504
I C5p Oregon & California Express— Sac*
rame-to, MarysTllle, Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and Cast. 8-50*
8.1 Op Hayward, Nile* and San Jose (oua-
day only) 11.504
COAST LINE «>larr»™ «« S Bj.
(Foot af Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Felton. BoalUer Cree-, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 55*
t2.15P*New*rk, Centenrllle. San Jots,
New Alraaden. Los G-to«,Fe!ton,
UcuMv-r Creek, Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations tiO-55*
4.15P Newark. Saa Jose. Los Unto....} *{5;||*
-9.3CP Hnnters* Train (Saturday only)—
San Jose and Way Stations t7-25t»
COAST LINE (»roa.: <.*.««).
PT* (Third ami Tuvrnscnd Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Station* 830*>
7. COa San Josp and Way stations 5 40i>
8. 00a New Alinaden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4.13*
8-COATbe Coaster — 6an Jose. SaHnaa.
San Ardor. Paso Rohles. Santa
Margarita, San Luis Oblspo.
Onadalupe. Guviota. Santa llar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Mon-
talvo. Oxnard, 11 urban k. Los
Angeles 10 33*
8 00a OUroy. Holllster. Castro»H1f, Del
Munte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lota-
poc 10.30-
8.00a ean Jose. Tres Plnos.Wac«onTl!ie.
Capltola. Santa Cruz, PaclJc
GrOTe. Salinas. San I.ul* Oblapo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10»
10-30A San Jose aad Way Stations 1.20a
11 30a San Jose aad Way Stations 7.sQ,»
2-15p Kan Joie ami Way Station* 833*
i CLP Del .Monte Kxpresa— Santa Clara,
ta:i Jose, >V a t s o n t I i 1 e. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific GroYe 12-ISp
23-OOpLok Gstos. Wrl.bt. Boulder Creek,
- Santa Cruz. Tla Santa Clara and
Karrow Gausre +10*5*
3-30P Valencia St.. Soutn Saa Francisco,
Iiurllngame, San Jose, Gt:roy,
Holllstcr. Trc* Pino* 10-45*
4-30pPan Jose and Wa- Stations tB-OO*
tS-COP Santa Clara, asn Jose. Lo« Gates,
and principal Way ritatloas (ex-
cept Sunday) t9-00*
I5-30p SanJosrandPTlncipalWayStatlona {9.40a
6 45p 8anset Express.— Ked wood. Saa
Jose.Cllroy,SaIlnaa,Paso Roblea,
San Luis Oblspo, Santa Uurtiara,
Los Angeles, Deininj. El P«so,
St.Loct*. New Orleans, XewTork 9 tfla
6.4SP Pajaro, W-tsontllle. Capltola,
Saoia Cruz. CaatroTlllo. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10.30*
16.1 Sp £anUateo,Baresford.Be!inont.Saa
Carlns. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 't6-«8*
6-30p Pan Jose and Way Stations. 8.38*
8-COpPalo Alto and Way Station* 10.15*
II.&Op 8outh 8_nFranct»co,MllIbrae. Bur-
Knratne, Ban Mateo, Belrnoat,
San Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, tad Palo Alto f* !_¦
•IIMPMayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny- "* w
vale, Lawrence. SanU Clara aad
flan Josa t9.45»
A for Mornln*. p for After boo*. —
TBunday excepted. t riundur only
t> Eatnrday only. » Monday onlr.
. iSiups arall stations oa Ssnlay^
CA1IF0RMA NORTHWESTEBN RY. COL
Tlb-uron Perry, Poot of Iff sir- st Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SA3T B-_l>A-3-_*
WEEK DAYS — 7:30; 8:00, 11:00 a. ta.; 12:33*.
8:30, 5:10 0:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra iria
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:90 and 11:30 p. nv
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, |r30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN QAFAEL TO SAZT PRA3TC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:05. T:33. 7:SO 8:2©. 11:14
a. rn. ; 12:50. 3:40. B:0O. S:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:00 and 4:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:tO. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
«:05. 5:03. 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Arrtre
Ean Fran. | Oct. 2, 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Dcatlaa- I Sun- J Week;"
Days. I days. ) tlon. | day*. [ Day*.
7:20 a 8:0Oa 8:10 a 3:40 a
9:30 a Icnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
-3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 0:20 9
5:10 p 6:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a . 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 aJ10:_Oa>
8:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:03 p 6:209
6:10p 3:3Op and 7:33p|
5:00 p Santa Rosa. [
7:30 a " 10:40 a|10:2O a
8:00 a Fultoa. ?:33p 6:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p f
Windsor. "~"~~"~
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburz. 10:40 a 10:20 «
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 p 6:20 9
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 allO-2O _.
8:30 r) 8:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:33 p| 6:3) g
I j Wllllts and { j
7:3Oa[8:0Oa| Sherwood. {7:33pf 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 a! . 110:40 all0:20 a
8:30 p| 3:3»p| Guernevtll*. | 7:33 pf 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 a| Sonoma. I 9:10al 840a
5:10 p| 6:00 p| OUn Ellen. | 6:03 pj 6:209
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. (7:03 pj 6-.20 9
STAGES connect at Green Braa for San
Quentln; at Santa Roaa for White* Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skarr»
Bprlngs; at ClOTerdalB for Use Geyser*. Bocr.e-
vUle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprlao. KelseyvtUe, Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay, Lakeport. 6artl«tt
Springs and Like County Hot Springs- at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springy
Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter V_lley, John Day's.
Ktveraide. Lleriy's. Bucknell'a. Sanhadrta
i Heights. Hullville. Git's Hot Springs. Halfway
: House. Ccmptche, Hopkins. Mendoclno City
Fort Bragg, W«stport and TJsal; at Wllllts for
Fort Brass. Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood
for Canto. Covelo, Lay tonvllle,_^ dimming?
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frultland.
Dyer. GarberviUe. Camp 5. Pepperwood. ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rataa.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all polnu
beyond S«n Rafael at half ratee.
, Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chrcnlcl*
I bulldlnr. x
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYJIJI.
" '¦ G»n. Manager. Gen. Pass. A*i._
THE WEEKLY XALL
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Bu'mited to cmc^ol
H LE1YES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS M
S3 at f):.'H> a.m., through la 3 day«. Bg
ra With diner and all trapping.. H
Other Santa Fa Trains:
9-?o£EM ror 8tockton - Freano, Baker-floM.
lioop: SlJ Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00p.m. For Stockton. '/.'.'.-'
8 :00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
Ean Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.; aUo 27 South 1st. Ean Jose.
P^gP^| To SAN RAFAEL,
K^^||^ ROSS VALLEY,
l^^^^p MILL VALLEY,
Ig^^^^ CAZADERO. Etc
SUBURBAN 8ERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at tTui
7:45. »:25. tf:10. »:5O. 11:00 a. m.; 1:43. 3 aa!
4:35. 6:15. 6:50. 6:30. 7:15. .9:00 and 11 .-33
p. m. -
.Arrive at San Francisco, dally, tt M-tp
7:35. 8:15. 8:50, 9:35. 10:5O a. m.; 1:30. 2 -Si
4:25. 5:03. 5:42. 8:22. 8:57. 7:40 and U^ia
p. m.
tDally except Sunday.
For. Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; alao Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m., and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way station..
•8:15 p. xnu. Saturdays only — For Cazadaro.
etc.
5:15 p. xn., dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales, etc. :
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st.
• FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt-'Tamalpais Railway
Lt. S-a yr-neiieo - jJPSSfoJ~_ Ar. faa Pnachf
Vk. toj» 8and-ji_ /%g|]|ifl\ jaajiy»_ JfOiyT
1:4 5p" 1:45p >§|1P^ oigiiP ""sTa^
**ta**W *'3*-,v ¦• «*torf»J» H:12p"
»Ti-6r.TitTC_r V-' K-T-a>lp-iatoMmT-nq
''Small I C5 « Market Sx.,(North Shore RailroadJ
WriOB J aad Savsauto Fsuv, Foot Market St.
I RO °MS AAD BOARD— Con tinned.
I ROOM and board in French family. 1728 Sut-
1 ter et.
TURK. 11G1— Rooms with board.
WASHINGTON, 1G1S— Ilandpome, newly fur.
par. suite; single rooms; conv.; exc. table.
WANTED — Working pirl to .board and room
In private- family. 021 Jackson st. ; rear.
'_£ ROOPI-TO. X ]
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid and
"repaired; low prices; all work guaranteed.
Chicago Roofing Company. F. HERRMANN.
Manager, €00 Second at. '
PHYSICIANS AND STTBGEO-7S.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office an<J residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th, particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 10731,4 Market st. .
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary. St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easeg cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 20t Sutter.
SEJVTN^MA^HlNTES^A^D^STDTPilES.
ALL manes; 2d hand. $2, $5, $7, $9; new, $4,$S;
drop beads. 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Cc.. 145 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 3796. j
DOMESTIC — The. machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
LOCK Btitch and automatic; The White Grand;
two machines In one; at the new retail of-
fices of THE WHITE CO., 915 Market St.
ALL kinds eecond-hand $3. $5. $8; ifllshtly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
ewing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold find repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission.
9JOU3HT J O0T.7. "aoujo tjouwq IIBOJ* psAjaDaj
suoudijosqns pub riusuibsjj-Isapb aaiJISSVlD
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shiped. 723-
731 Howard Bt.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Cen. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.:
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Poat and Powell ets. : tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
, dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore tt.: phene Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STOP D SINKING.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form
mailed In plain package: has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
TOLEASE.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber shop. ' -
SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
hl.hcr and l«wer prices; rentals $2 50. Tb«
Typewriter Exchange, 530 California 8L
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. B09 Market.
VIAVXj
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone Eagt 282.
>r. DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND notice — Claremont Oil Company on
Dec. 1, 19iJ4. will pay a dividend (No. 6), j
amounting to $4500. equal to lc per share
on its Issued capital stock. Transfer books '
close Friday, Nov. 25. 100-1. at 5 p. m., pay"- j
able at company's office, room 731, Mills ;
bldg.. San Francisco. GEO. J. REMING- !
TON. Secretary. " '
LZGAL 3TOTICE3/
NOTICE is hereby Riven that the Mission 1
Hotel Bar fixtures. B. Gamma, proprietor, at ]
3305 and 3309 Mission St., has changed ¦
hands; nil bills must be presented Inside of ;
5 days from date, November 13, 1004.
PROPOSALS.
SAN~^TtANCISCO. CAL., October 17, 1904. —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., November
10, 1U04, and then opened for the construction
of an emeigency hospital at Infantry Can- I
tonment. Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.. in-
cluding plumbing. Government reserves the
rliht to reject or accept any or all bids In
whole or In part. Information furnished on
application to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant !
Quartermaster General, Chief Quartermaster, j
EAN fF-RANCISCO. Cal.. November 7, 1904. — '
Sealed proposals, , In triplicate, will - be re- ]
celved here until II o'clock a. m. f November j
17. 1904. and then opened for constructing j
eea wall and repairing concrete walks, in-
eluding necessary grading, at Fort Mason, |
California. Government reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all bids In whole
or In part. Information furnished on appli- \
cation to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quar-
termaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
UMTTED STATESjQOVERNBIEWT.
NOTICE of Restoration of Public Lands to
Settlement and Entry— Department of the j
Interior, General Land Office, Washing-
ton, D. C. October 7, 1004: Notice Is here- '
by given that, on -September 20, 1904, the
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to ,
settlement the public lands In tho following
described areas, which were temporarily
withdrawn for forest reserve purposes; and
that the said public lands bo restored to set-
tlement on September 20, 1004. will become
subject to entry, filing and selection at the
respective United States Land Offices for
the several Land Districts .in which the
lands lie. viz. : Vlsalia. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Marysvllle, Susanville and Redding,
California, on January 31, 1905: Township
twenty-eight (28) South, Range twenty-eight
(28) East; Township twenty-eight (28)
South, Rango twenty-nine (_0) East; Town-
ship twenty-seven (27) South, Range -twen-
ty-eight (28) East; Township twenty-seven
/ (27) South, Rango twenty- nine <2D) East;
Township twenty-six (_G) . South, Range
twenty-nine (29) East: Township twen-
ty - six (26) South, Range thirty (30)
East; Township* twenty-five (25) South,
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
ship twenty-live (25) South, Range thirty
(30) East; Township twenty-four (24) South,
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Township
twenty-four- (24) South, Range thirty (30)
East; Township " twenty-three '(23) South,
Kange twenty-nine (29) East: Township '
twenty-two (22) South, Range '"twenty-
nine (29) East; Township twenty-one (21)
South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
ship twenty (20) South, Range twenty-eight
(28) East; Township twenty (20) South, Range
-twenty-nine (29) East; Township nineteen
(19) South, Range twenty-eight (28) East;
Township nineteen (19) South, Range twen-
ty-nine. (29) East; Township eighteen (18)
South, Range twenty-eight (2S) East; Town-
ship eighteen (18) South, Range . twen-
ty-nine (29) East; , Township seventeen
(17) South, Range twenty-eeven (27)
East; Township seventeen (17) South Range
twenty-eight (28) East; Township seven-
teen (17) South, Range twenty-nine (29)
East; Township sixteen (10) South, Rango
twenty-six (2(5) East: Township sixteen (16)
South. Range twenty-seven (27) East; In
TowDahlp sixteen (16) South, Range twenty-
eight (2s) East, Sections four (4), five (5),
ulx (6), eeven (7). eight (8). nine (0), and
Sections fifteen (16) to thirty-six (36), both
Inclusive; Township fifteen (15) ¦- South,
Range twenty-six (_C) East; Township -fif-
teen (15) South, Range twenty-eeven (27)
East; In Township fifteen (15) South, Range
twenty-eight (23) Eaet, Sections three (3)
to nine (9), both Inclusive, sixteen (16)' to
twenty-one (21), both inclusive, and twenty-
eight (2S) to thirty-three (33),. both inclu-
¦ slve; Township fourteen (14) South. Range
twenty-five • (25) -East; Township fourteen
' (li) South, Range twenty-six (26) East;
Township fourteen ¦ (14) South, . Range
twehty-eeven (27) East;" Township thir-
teen (13) South,. Range twenty - four
(24) East; Township thirteen (13) South
Range twenty-live (25) East; in Township
thirteen (13) South, Range twenty-six : (26)
East, west half of Section four (4), Sections
Jive (5), elx (0), seven (7), eight (8), : NW ft
of Section nine (9),. Sections seventeen (17),
eighteen (IS).- nineteen (19), twenty (20), and
Sections twenty-five (25) to thlrty-slx (30)/
both Inclusive; Township twelve ¦ (12) South,
Range twenty-^our (24) East; In Township
twelve (12) South, Range twenty- five. (25)
Eaet, Sections four (4), five. (5), six (6), seven
(7), eight (8), nine (9), . Sections sixteen (16)
to twenty-one (21), ¦ both Inclusive, all of
.Sections twenty-two (22), twenty-three - (23),
twenty-four (24), lying south of Kings River
and Sections twenty-flve (25) . to thlrty-slx
(36), both inclusive; Township eleven (11)
South. Range twenty-three (23) East; Town-
ship eleven (11) South, Range twenty-four
(24) East; In Township eleven (11) South,"
Range twenly-flve , (25) Eaet, ' Sections five
(5). six (G), seven (7), eight (8), nine _ (9),
Sectione sixteen . (16) 'to twenty-one (21),
- both Inclusive, and • Sections twenty-eight
(28) to thirty-three- (33), both Inclusive;
ToXvnsnlp ten (10) South,? Range, twenty-two
(22) East; Township ten (10) South, , Ranee
-Wt-w--M_fcX»-->-rr-^-Jfc^^iiih*»-tft«-afc-- J^S-»--T-f^-r-fi ¦¦¦*¦- I»r_«-J lit- -
i ROOMS TO IiET — Pnm. and TTnfnra.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane— New j
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold i
water; electric lights; only first-class house !
in locality; rooms §1 60 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK house, 14S Sixth St.— Rocms
20c to $1 ptr night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1. $150 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; bouse open all night!
AVON.. 473 Geary — New house. Just opened;
; BJite and single rooms; private bath.3; upe-
tial rat-s to tourists.
AKDELL HOUSE, 15 Page— Large furnished
room*, $1 25. $1 50 week; housekeping, $2 up.
I BELMOND House; over Owl drug store;'2 en-
'. trances, 1120 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water In every' room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
J BKYANT, CIS — 1 sunny unfurnished rooms;
»unny; rear; rent $9.
I CALIFORNIA. 12C1— Nice, uunny room; run-
; niag water, large closet; gentleman or laay.
I EDDY, 210 — Two front sunny rooms, suitable
for 2 gents, cr man and wife.
l EDDY. 432 — Nice furnished rooms; all con-
veniences; central; reasonable.
1 EDDY, 404 — Large bay-wludow NE. cor. suit*
or clngle room; quiet, private flat; eun all
day.
: FELL, O!S — Lars* furnished sunny front al-
cove room, suitable for 2; also single room,
b3th, etc.; walklns distance.
I FIRST. 31T — Small front furnished sunny
rcom.
j FOLSOM. 1107B— Furnished front hall bed-
room.
j .
GEARY, 646 — Large, nicely furnished room,
suitable, for 1 or 2 people; phone; reasonable.
( GEARY. 643 — Large front room; elegantly fur-
, nishecl; suitable fcr two; reasonable.
I GEARY, 222CB — Nice 6unny room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 nlcht; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
i GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished, eunny front i
suite; also single rocms; $1 5O to $7 week. !
I GREEN. U«2» — Large rooms; hot and cold
water, ca*. marine view, cheap, furnished;
vrith or without board.
! HOWARD, 715 — Large, sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $L day and Jl 25 to $5 week.
! JONES, 207— Sunny front and back single
rooms, from f2 to ?3 per week.
i JONES, CCS — Nicely furnished, .large, sunny
room.
' : JONES. 943. nr. Pine — Sunny nicely fur. scru-
pulously clean, comfortable, convenient; refs.
i KEARXY. 229— Sunny rooms, en suite or sin-
gle; rent reasonable; phone Black 4440.
LARKIN, 500 — A small sunny furnished room;
reasonable.
! MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 30— Nicely furnished front
room; suitable for two gentlemen.
METROPOLITAN' Hotel. 129 Third St.— 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
?2 to ?S per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rocmlng-house In San Francisco j
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
; water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths _nd ele-
I vator service day and night to Its guests.
' lOSSXON. S25— First-class rooms; newly fur-
nished house; Just opened; 1, 2 or 3.
' MISSION.- 1S15— Frcnt and back parlors, suit-
able for doctor or light housekeeping, with
use of kitchen and dining-room.
i — . _»
j MONTGOMERY, C25 — Space to let.
j NINTH, 141— Sunny furnished room for two
gentlemen; ether rooms; private family.
OAK. 510— Nicely furnished room, suitable for
two gentlemen.
j O'FARRELL. 571— Newly furnished, sunny
room; urlvate family; running water.
I PINE. 827. near Powell — 1 large sunny room, |
j suitable for one or two: reasonable.
I • • , — . . !
I PINE. 1733. block from Van Ness ave. — New- ]
ly furnished room; bath; phone; reasonable. ;
! ROYAL HOfSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights; j
I reading-room, Bmnking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms jxrr night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 |
to $s; m.;nth. *S to $30; elevator on ground I
. floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
I POWELL. lfMi — Larg* unfurnished room to
let at $6 month.
— — —
I SILVER, 122— Furnished room to let.
i SIXTH. 221 — Furnished rooms, double and
single, also housekeeping; ?1 50 up; 5Oc day.
STOCKTON. 41-45 — Nicely furnished sunny '
f ror.t rooms, also single, ?2 to $(i week. , ,
j SUTTER. 717— Sunny or back room; I
running water; 8 minutes' walk town; reas. !
! SUTTER, 8S1 — 2 swell front rooms, nicely fur- 1
nish«<3; connecting kitchen, bath; phone;
j cheap.
' TAYLOR, 511 — Sunny front room; has gas,
bath; 2 gents or married couple; $10.
! TAYLOR, 7C0, nr. Sutter— Nice sunny, fur.
front room; porch; garden; $11 month.
i THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND '
LEAVENWORTH STS. — POSITIVELY THE j
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW ;
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS, j
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICtS. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVEKY i
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR !
• ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK. '
I THE Earl. 19 Powell— Elegantly furnished
] rooms. 35c to $1 50 per night; $2 to IS per
week.
! THE Larchmont. SCI Sutter— New brick bldg..
finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
j UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms D5c to $1 night, $1 75 to $C week; elec-
j ' trie lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, readt-room; fr*e bus; baggage.
j VALENCIA, 210 — Large eunny room; private
¦ family. Call Sundays or evenings.
i * _______ ~~^^^~~ —
i WEBSTER, l.VvO — Sunny furnished room; bath.
; WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market—
j Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
', X>c to $1 50 nightly; ?2 to ?8 week; elevator; ¦
' elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage, i
I WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice |
furnished rocms for 15c per night up; ele- I
gant transient rooms, 00c per night. |
! ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receiveYat I
: Call Branch office, ccr. Duncan & Church sts. t
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- )
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has '
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Os«>n until 11 .p. m. •
BOOMS AND BOABD. _oo ]
HAIGHT, 1455 — Large sunny bay-window
room, running water; board optional; pri-
vate family.
j NICE sunny front room, with or without
¦ board, for gentlemen. 3174 Twenty- fourth
j #t., near Howard.
i GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031. near Jefferson
i Park — Sunny rooms; bath; private house;
: ?20-$23; 2. $32-$35 month.
SUNNY furnished .front room, for one or two
gentlemen, 'with breakfast. Apply 1352 Web-
ster *t. «»
HAIGHT. 232 — Large sunny eulte; running
' water; grate; second floor: corner house.
'; LARGE double room, with board for two; $50;
bot water. 306 Leavenworth st.
BOARD -without rooms. 580 Valencia st. .
CALIFORNIA. 1280— Room and board; hom«
cooking. -
COMORA (The). 621 O'Farrell— Large grounds,
sunny rooms; superior table; reasonable rater.
I ELLIS. 914 — Sunny front room and board.
ELLIS. 1436— Rooms to let; sunny, cheerful
and reasonable; board if desired.
1 FURNISHED rooms, with board. 330 Tehama
I street.
GENTLEMAN to room and bf.rd; $20 month;
¦ home comfcrts- 1C90 Mission st.
GUERRERO. 114 — Sunny rooms, with good
board : very reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 1453 — Rooms and board; home
• comforts; convenient cars; Jewish family.
ELLIS, 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with ] very
best French table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Best rooms, table and
scpiice In the city for the least money. '
HOWARD. MIA— First-class board and room.
tingle or double. ..$5; week : American family. >
LARGE front parlor, suitable: for. two 'gentle-
men, with good board; $50, mo. "„ 1150 Turk.'
NINETEENTH. 3651— Furnished" room, with
ar without board.
:
U_nTED_ STATES GOVERNMENT— Con.
twenty-three (23) East; Township ten (10)
\South, Range twenty-four (24) East; To wn-
bhip nine («) South, Range twenty-two (2_)
East; in Township nine (9) South, Range
twenty-three (23) East, that part of Section
eighteen <1S) lying south of the San Joaquin
Riv«-r, Section nineteen (10), that part of
Section twenty (20) lying west of the San
Joaquin River, that part of Section twenty-
nine (29) lying west, of the San Joaquin
River. Sections thirty (30) «and thirty-one
j (31), that part of Section thirty- two (32)
j lying south of the San Joaquin River, that
I part of Section . thirty-three (33)* lying south
I of the San Joaquin River, Section thirty-four
(34) and S >£ and N W % of Section thlrty-
flve; Township eight (8) South, Rango twen-
ty (20) East; Township eight (8) South,
Range twenty-one (21) East; In Township
eight (8) South, Range twenty-two (22) East,
Sections seven (7) to thlrty-slx (36), both
Inclusive, Township eeven (7) South, Range
twenty (20) East; -in Township seven (7)
South, Range twenty-one (21) East, Sec-
tions six (6) to eleven (11), both Inclusive,
Sections fourteen (14) to . twenty-three (23),
both Inclusive,^ and Sections twenty-six (26)
to thlrty-slx (3G), both Inclusive; Township
six (t!) South, Range'nineteen (19) East; Town,
ehip six (6) South, Range twenty (20) East;
Township nvo (5) South, Range nineteen (19)
Eaet; Township five (5) South, Range twen-
ty (20) East; In Township ten (10) North,
Hange eighteen (18) East. Sections one (1),
two (2), eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13),' fourteen (14), twenty-three (23), twen-
ty-four .(24), twenty- five (25), twenty- six
(26) and twenty-seven (27); Township nine-
teen (10) North, Range seven (7) East; Town-
ship twenty (20) North, Range .even (7) East;
In Township twenty (20) North, Range eight
(8) East, Sections one (1) to thirty-three
(33), both Inclusive; Township twenty-four
(24) North, Range two (2) East; Township
twenty-four * (24)' North, Range three (3)
East; Township twenty-four (24) North,
Range four (4) East; in Township twenty
(20) North, Range tifteen (15) East, Sections
two (2), four (4), five (5). six (6) and eight
(8); In Township twenty (20) North, Range
sixteen (10) East, Sections two (2), three (3),
eleven (11), thirteen (13) and fourteen (14);
S % bf Township twenty-one (21) North,
Range fifteen (15) East; Township twenty-
• ohe-(21) North, Range sixteen (1C) East; In
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range
fourteen (14) East, Sectione three (3) to ten
(10), both Inclusive, /fifteen (15) to twenty-
two (22). both Inclusive, and twenty-eeven
(27) to thirty-four (31). both -inclusive; in
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range six-
teen (10) East, Sections one (1) to three (3).
both Inclusive, nine (9) to sixteen (1(5). both
Inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
(28), both inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty-oix (3G), both inclusive; Township
twenty-two (22) North, Range seventeen ¦ (17)
East; Township twenty-two (22) North,
Range eighteen (18) East; in Township
twenty- three (23) North, Range fourteen
(14) East, Sections thirteen (13), twenty-four
(24), twenty-five (25) twenty-six (2C), twen-
ty-seven (27), twenty-eight (28), thirty-two
(32). thirty-three (33), thirty-four (34).
thirty-five (35) and thlrty-slx (3(5); in Town-
ship twenty-three (23) North, Range fifteen
(15) East, Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(IS), both Inclusive; in Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range sixteen (1C) East,
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13) nnd fourteen (14); in Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East,
Sections one (1) to five (5), both inclusive,
and Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36),
both Inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
North, Range eighteen (18) East; In Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North. Range nine (9)
East, Sections ten (10), eleven '(11). twelvo
(12), thirteen (13), fourteen (14), fifteen |15),
elxteen (16), twenty-one (21), twenty-two
(22), twenty-three (23) and twenty-four (24);
In Township twenty-four (24) North, .Range
eeventeen (17) East, Sections-one (1) to four
(4), both Inclusive, E Vi of Section five (5),
E % or Section eight (S), Sections nine (9)
to sixteen (1(5), both inclusive, Sectlona twen-
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27), both Inclu-
sive, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thirty-six (30), both inclusive; Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North. Range
• eighteen (18) Eaet; In Township .twenty-
five (25) North, Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections one (1), two (_), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), twenty-three (23), twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25); Townehlp twenty- five
• (25) North, Range seventeen (17) East;
Tcwnship twenty-five (25) North, Range
eighteen (18) East; In Township twenty-six
(20) North, Range ten (10) East.r Sections
one (1), five (5) six (C), seven (7), eight (8),
nine (9), twelve (12), N M, of Section thir-
teen (13), Sections fourteen (14), elxteen
(16). seventeen (17). eighteen (18). Sections
nineteen (19) to twenty-three (23), both In-
clusive, Sections twenty-six (2(5) to thirty
(30), both Inclusive, and Section thirty-five
(35); In Townehlp, twenty-six (20) North,
; Range fifteen (15) East, Sections one (1).
• two (2), three (3), N Vi of Section five (5),
' N Vi or Section six (C), and Sections eleven
! (11) and twelve (12); In Township twenty-
seven (27) North, Range twelve (12) Ea.««t,
I Sections : twenty-three (23) and twenty-four
(24); In Township twenty-seven (27) North,
Range fourteen (14) East, Sections eight (8),
nine (9), fifteen (ID), sixteen (18), twenty-
, two (22), twenty-three (23), twenty-four
(24), twenty-flve (.5), twenty-six (2©, thlrty-
| five (35) and thirty-eix (30); Township twen-
ty-eight (28) North, Range nine (9) East;
in Township twenty-eight (28) North. Range
thirteen (13) East, Sections twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25); in Township thirty-
four (31) North, Range ten (10.» V/est, Sec-
tions seven (7), eight (S), nine (9), slxteec
(16), seventeen (17), eighteen (iS), nine-
teen (19), twenty (20), twenty-one (21),
twenty-eight (28), twenty-nine (29), thirty
CiO), thirty-one (31), thirty-two (:>2) and
thirty-three (33); In Township thirty-four
(34) North, Range seven (7) West, Sections
twenty-five (25), fhirty-flve (35) and thlrty-
bIx (3C); Township thirty-four (34) North,
Range glx (6) West; Township thirty-four
(34) North, Range five (5) West: N % of
Township thirty-four (34) North. Range four
(4) West; Township thirty-five - (35) North.
Range five (5) West; Township thirty-five
(35) North, Range four (4) West; Township
thirty-five (35) North, Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-five KS5) North, Range two
(2) West; W y* of Township thirty-five (35)
North, Range one (1) West; S % of Townehlp
\ thlrty-slx (36) North, Range four (4) West;
Township- thlrty-slx (33) North, Range three (3)
West; Township thlrty-slx (3(i) North, Range
four (4) East; Township thirty-seven (37)
North, Range four (4) Eaet; Township thirty-
nine (39) North, Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-nine ((39) North, Range two
(2) West; In Township forty (40) North,
Range eight (S) West, Sections two (2), three
(3) ten (10) and fifteen (15); In Township
forty-one (41) North, Range eight (8) West,
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), tifteen (15), twenty-two (22), twen-
ty-three (23), twenty-four (24) twenty-flve
(25), twenty-six" (26), twenty-seven (27),
thirty- four (34) and thirty-five (35); In
Township forty-one (41) North, Range seven
(7) West, Sections two (2), three (3), four
(4). five (5), 6lx (6), seven (7), eight (8),
nine (9), ten (10), sixteen (16), seventeen (17),
eighteen (18), nineteen (19) and twenty (20);
all of Mount Diablo Meridian. California.
W. A. RICHARDS, Commissioner.
Approved: THOS. RYAN, Acting Secretary
of the Interior.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING. *
MiELiToURNETlnTitute. ValTN^sslLno^Marketr
cures: estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the oubllcation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
j eons authorized to have the same published.
Notices ¦ restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
1 free of charge. '•
BORN.
! BECICMANN— In this city, November 4.
- 1004, to the wife of Herman H. Beckmann,
a daughter.
DOXEY— In this- city. November 11, 1004, to
the wife of Joseph Doxey. a son.
DUGGAN— In this city November 10, 1904,
to the wife of William Duggan,, a son.
TONNINNI— In this city November 10, 1004,
to the wife of J. Tonnihnl, a daughter.
, MARRIED.
BLOCK— "WILSON— In Grass Valley, Novem-
ber 12, 1904. by the Rev. John . A. B. Wil-
son. Andrew Block Jr. of San Francisco and
Sadie Belle Wilson of Gras3 Valley.
DLELD. . <
Biro, Edward Johnson. Julia
, Qiabot. Mary A. '"X Kilday.. William J.
Chabot, Seraphln ..McMahon, Timothy
Christensen. Annie Miller, Adella J.
Church, Elizabeth . Pfarrer. Anna" M.
Curley. - Bridget •- Rodgers, Elenore
Dunn. Martin M. . - Russell, Mary
Ehlers Charles G. - Steeie Hannah
¦Flitner, William Stevens,. Charles E.
Granfleld, Matthew : Sullivan. Johanna .
£ Gilfether. Owen j Thomasen. Peter A. .
. Inglls; Charles \~ Tonner. Ferdinand . •
BIRO^-In this city, November 13, 1904.
Edward Biro, boloved ion of Julius Biro, a-
, native of New York, aged 8 years 3 months
, and 15 days. *•' g ¦
CHABOT— In East Oakland, Cal.. November
,12. -1904, Mary A., widow of, the lat*
'Anthony Chabot, -a native of Massachusetts.'
C^Friends are invited to attend the
' .funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday) after-
noon, . November 15, at 2 p._ m., at her late
residence, 1 104 East Fifteenth street. East
Oakland. Interment private. . > t
CHABOT— In this "city November 13. 1904,
Seraphln," . beloved husband- ¦• of Clemence.
Chabot, and . father ' of - Bertin- and ¦ Alice
. Chabot." and ¦ brother - of Cyprlen, • Alme,
Celeatln, : Marie. Matllde ; and Fellcle
; Chabot. and son-ln-Iaw of • Mrs. • H. Wenger. '
a native of France, aged 35 years 4 months .
, : and - 22 ' days. - :'*-..
(CFrlenda and acquaintances are.respect-
. fully: Invited to atend the . funeral Tuesday,
November 15. at 9 a, m., from his law resl- :I
: dence. 617% Valencia street.'. between Seven-
teenth 'and- :- Eighteenth, v thence ;to- ; Notre 4
..¦ Dame des Victolres Church, where . a solemn '
. rcaulem high mass will be celebrated for the I
, repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by car-
riage.
CHRISTENSEN— In Alameda. November 13.
1904. Annie Serena Christensen. widow of
the late C. ChristenEgfi. and mother of Mrs.
C. Laphan. Dr. G. A. Christensen, Henry
Chrletensen and Dr. E. C. Christensen. a
native of Norway, aged S4 years. (Minne-
sota papers please copy.)
CHURCH— In Alameda. November 13, 1904.
Elizabeth Church, beloved widow of the late
M. E. Church, a native of New York.
CURLEY — In this city, November - 10, 1904.
Bridget Curley, beloved wife of the late
William' Curley, and loving mother of
Thomas P., Martin J., Mary D., Nellie F.
and the late J. W. Curley, a native of
County Roscommon. Ireland, aged "S years.
ICFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at » a. m., from her late resi-
dence, southwest corner of Baker and Fil-
bert streets, thence to St. Vincent de Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing at 9 :30 a, m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUNN— In Oakland, November 12, lOOi.
Martin M. Dunn, beloved husband of Ma-
- tilda Dunn, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years 9 months and 1 26 days.
E7"Friends are respectfully Invited 1 to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), from
St. Frances de Sales Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will bo celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery..
¦ EHLERS— In this city, November 13. 1904,
Charles G. Ehlers. dearly beloved son of
Fred and Johanna Ehlers, and brother of
William, Henry, Fritz, Alma and Walter
Ehlers, a native of California, aged 0 years
1 month and 29 days.
ZZT Interment private, Tuesday Novem-
ber 15.
FLITNER— In this city. November 7. 1904,
Frank William, beloved husband of Mary
Flitner, a native of Maine, aged 57 years
and 1 month.'
•IE?: Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servicea
on Tuesday, November 15, at 1:30 p. m., at
the parlors of th<« Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission .street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GILKETHElt — In this city, November 12, 1004,
. Owen, dearly beloved husband of Julia Gil-
fether, dearly beloved father of j Frank J.
and Gus J. Gilfether and Mrs. J. Callaghan,
and brother of Frank, Daniel, Thomas and
Margaret Gilfether, a native 'of Boston,
Mass., aged b'4 years 11 months and 15 days.
(D'Friend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Monday), at 8:oO a. m., from his late
residence, 110 California avenue, .thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the reposo
of his soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRANFIELD— In this city, November 12,
1904, at the residence of his parents, 27
Chesley street, Matthew L., beloved son of
Mary and William L. Granfleld, brother of
Madeline and the late William R. Gran-
field, and grandson of William and the late
Jennie Granfleld and Jeremiah and Mary
Dillon, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 3 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day'
(Monday), at 1 p. m., from the residence
..of parents, 27 Chesley street, between Har-
rison and Bryant and Seventh and Eighth
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
INGLIS— In this city. , November 13. 1904.
Charles, IngllB, a native of New York, aged
42 years. A member of Schuyler Lodge
No. 147. I. O. O. F.. of Utlca, N. Y.
CX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). November 15. at 1:30 p.m.. from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON — In this city, November 13. 1904.
Julia, wife of Peter Johnson, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 4S years.
IC?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains '¦
at the. parlors of J. C. O'Connor *i Co. 767
Mission street. • -
KILDAY— In this city. November 13 1004, ;
William J., beloved ¦ husband of Susie Kil-
day. ami fathe r of William and Helen Kil-
day, and son of James and Catherine Kilday
and brother of James, John. Lizzie, Nellie
nnd Agnes Kilday, Mrs. W. Flahaven and
Mrs. T. O'Dwyer, and "brother-in-law of
Mr. and Mrs. George Hartmann. a native
of Boston. Mass.. aged 43 years.
IDrNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McMAHON — In this city, November 12, 1904
Timothy McMahon. a native of Canada
aged C3 . years. •
MILLER — In San Jose, November 12 1904,
Adella J.. dearly beloved wife of John H.
Miller, and mother of Bessie and Mary
Miller.' and daughter of F. L. Courvoisier
and sister of Mrs. M. Bardellinl and
Ephraim B. and Fred J. Courvoisier a na-
tive of Vevay. Ind., aged 4» years » 'months
- and 10 days. .
PFARRER— In this city, November 12, 1904
Anna Mary, beloved wife of the late Bene-
dict Pfarrer. and mother of Alex R and ,
• Charles ;Theo. Pf surer. . a native of Switz-
erland, aged CS years ~ months and IS days.
CJ' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services*
Tuesday, November 15, at 1:30 p. m., at
the lesldence of her son, 3514 Twenty-first
street, between Dolores and Church. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
RODGERS— In thU city, November 12, at
the residence, 38 Bruce place. Elenore be-
loved and only daughter of Edward' and
Mamie Rodgers, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 2 days.
RUSSELL — In this city. November 11. 1804,
Mary Ruraell, beloved wife of Antone Rus'-
sell. a native of Austria- Hungary, aged 54
years 4 months and 22 days.
C7Frlend« and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
November 15. at 1 p. m., from Charles J.
B. Metzler's undertaking parlors, C36 Wash-
ington street, thence to the Nativity Church
Fell street, between Franklin and Gough
i for cervices, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery
for Interment via train at 3:30 p. m. sharp
from Third and Townsend streets.
STEELE — In this city, November 12 1904
Hannah, beloved wife of Thomas Steeie. and
mother of Daniel. Thomas, Edward and
John Steeie, Mre. James Kelly and the late
William Steeie, slater of Owen, John and Jo-
seph Curtln and Mrs. Michael Murphy, and
cousin of Mrs. Kate Shannon, a native- of
England, aged 44 years. (Boston and Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at »:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty &. Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
¦ brated for the repose of her soul, at 10
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. - ¦ ¦
STEVENS— In this city. November 12, 1904,
Charles Edward, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Stevens, and father of George John
and Lottie Stevens, a native of Sweden
aged 71 yeara. -*
OrrServlces private at hte late resilience
42 Theresa street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 11 1904
Johanna, beloved wife of the late Daniel
Sullivan, and mother of Thomas, Daniel
Mary, Katherine, Nora and Alice SullN
van a native of Dingle, County Kerry. Ire-
land, aged 54 years. .
ETFrlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m.. frcm her late
residence. i37% Minna street, thence to St
Joseph s Church, where a requiem hl-h
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. "
THOMASEN— In this city. November 13 1904
Peter A. Thomasen. a native of Norway'
aged 53 years. A member of Court Califor-
nia No. 4. Foresters of America.
KTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McFadden, McBrearty &¦
¦ Green. 1171 Mission street.
TONNER— In this city, November 12 1904
Ferdinand Tonner, beloved husband of
Amanda Tonner, a native of Germany, aged
65 years 6 months and 1 day.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the serviced to-
day (Monday). , at 2:30 p. m., at th«
chapel in I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137
Mission , street, between Seventh and Eighth
Please omit flowers.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
¦ james McGinn & co.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers—
214 Eddy st. Tel. South 676.Henry Waddington's greyhound Torn
King came out of the Southland and
•Ji-feated the pick of the coursers of
ihe West in the J3D00 John Grace cup
Make yesterday at Uniyi Park- The
tp<»rt throughout the day was of the
M-r.sational order, as the hares were a
i-trong lot. Speed, stamina and game- j
•..•-.ss were required to carry a dog j
Lhrooffh the desperate running. A large |
attendance witnessed the day's sport.
The deciding , course was between j
Tom Kii^ and MeVey, and the brace of j
Ereybotxnds ran for one minute and 1
Jifty seconds before the red flag sig- j
raling that Tom King was the winner
v as displayed by the Hag steward.
McV«y was the first to show in front
af:er "they left the hands of Slipper
Jim Grace. After they had traveled
one hundred yards Tom King drew
level and then showed slightly in front.
The hare bent down the field slightly
and McVey secured the first turn by
favor. He also made the second and
third and then placed Tom King. The
latter quickly ran up a commanding
sequence, performing in a determined
manner. McVey seemed to tire badly j
at this stage of the trial, but carqe i
.again strongly at the finish, when he
outgamed Tom King. The latter had
f>o great a lead to be overcome, how
ever, and was declared the winner by
a score of 16 to 7-
The spectators cheered both winner
and loser as they came off the field
after their gallant struggle.
Jack Dennis* The Referee showed
great speed early in the day, leading
Charter Member and also Quita, the
latter by six lengths. He then took
matters easily and was beaten.
Grafter, the Montana flyer, beat the
stake favorite, Valley Pride, in the sec
ond round. During the trial he collided
with the dog-catcher's horse and in
jured his leg, so that he had to be
withdrawn. fj '«*¦*
That the public dearly loves a tried
and true champion was demonstrated
when Sacramento Boy won the conso
lation number. The old dog has two
cup victories to his credit. If his speed
was as keon as his heart Is stout the
younger dogs would have had a hard
time beating him In the big event.
The pur.=e stake was won by Agile
Spurt, from the kennel of G- La # cy
Crawford.
The dogs ran true to form through
out the day, there being but few up
sets. The results in detail, with Judge
P. J. Reilly'is official scores, follow:
John Grace Challenge Cup: Second round —
Quita brat Princess Savoy. 15-12: The Referee
heat Charter Member. 11-7; Hudson beat La.
Rosa, 0-8; Renegade Apache beat J E H, 6-3;
Rocked AsIm-j. beat Cranberry Sauce, 12-6:
Kalisp"! beat Barge, 14-6; Tom King beat
IVar Gast->n, 9-5; Richard Anton beat Traiee
Maid. 13-8: McVey beat Rose of Gold. 4-2;
Humboldt beat Belle Free, 3-2; Pomona beat
New Home Boy. 18-4; Tom Hooker beat Little
Plunger 7-5; The Duke beat Orslna, 4-3; Pa
noche beat Sherman, 8-7; Lost Chord beat
Vina, 6-0; GraXton beat Valley Pride, 8-6.
Third round — Quita beat The Referee. 12-7;
Renegade Apache b«at Hudson. 15-0; Rocked
Asleep b«at Kallspel, 10-0; Tom King beat
Richard Anton, 2-1; McVey beat Humboldt,
2-1; Tom Hooker beat Pomona, 4-3; Panoche
beat The Duke. 0-4; Lost Chord a bye, Graf ton
withdrawn.
Fourth round — Quita beat Renegade Apache,
4-2; Tom King beat Rocked Asleep. 10-7; Mc-
Vey beat Tom Hooker, 7-3; Lost Chord beat
Panoche, 8-3.
Firth round — Tom King beat Quita, 4-3; Mc-
Vey beat Lost Chord, 4-1.
Deciding couri»e — H. \\ aldington's Tom King
(Rock Island King-Irma) beat J. H. Rosseter'n
(names) McVey (Fetter Free-Dawn), 16-7.
The Purse: Second round — Haphazard beat
Gambit. H-4; Racing Auto beat Quicksand, 8-2;
Agile Spurt a bye, Frif-ndlesa Boy withdrawn;
Tillie It beat Kagle Bird, 12-5; Mickey Free
beat Rector, 18-2; Doc Burns b*at Rockei*
Arm, 5-4; Runaway Actress beat Wild Turkey,
21-C; Rich Array beat Duhallow, 14-7.
Third round — Racing Auto a bye. Haphazard
withdrawn; Acile Spurt beat Tlllle R, 5-0;
Runaway Actress a bye. Mickey Free with
drawn; Doc Burns beat Rich Array, 9-7.
Fourth round— Agile Spurt beat Racing
Auto, 4-1; Runaway Actress beat Doc Burns,
4-0.
Decldinar course — G. Lacy Crawford's Agile
Spurt (Cavalier-Merry Maiden) beat W. Grelch
en's Runaway Actress (Fortuna Fa vent e-
Brllllantlne), 7-6.
The Plate: First round — In Time beat Aeo
lus. 7-8; Carlow Boy 'beat Muggsy, 8-5: Sir
Lipton beat Galveston, 11-8; Colored Lady
beat Ragged Actor. 6-3; The Rival beat Miss
Lucille, 19-6; Sacramento Boy beat Tralee
Las?, 9-7: Belle Marie beat Honest John, 12-4;
Young Fearless beat Lucy Clair, 7-4.
Second round — Carlow Boy beat In Time.
5-2: Sir Lipton beat Colored Lady, 17-9; Sac
ramento Boy beat The Rival, 13-3; Belle Marie
beat Young Fearless. 10-10.
j Third round — Carlow Boy a bye, Sir Lipton
withdrawn; Sacramento Boy beat Belle Marie,
8-0.
Deciding coarse — D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy
(Winged Foot-Tlpperary Lass) beat L. Corder*s
Carlow Boy (Gladiator-Mac's Rosebud), 4-3.
Our Eastern selection of frames and
moldings for i fall trade now In. Better
and more beautiful . than ever before.
8anborn. Vail & Co. • .
Picture Frames.
J. U McCarthy, E. McCarthy. R. G. Xlchols.
V. A. O'Nell, J. Logan. T. Krtlln*. FrM Sher
ry H. McKevitt, O. Lyons, W. H. Gossip, c.
A.' Arata, John A. Speck, L. H. Clar. Otto
Hess, B. Boyle. jtRH 1HHT1!1MHD]|
BENICIA, Nov. 13.— Henry Chris
tie, a baker, was found dead in his
delivery wagon last night His neck
was broken. It Is believed that he
was stricken with apoplexy and fell
in such a way as to cause the fatal
injury. The absence of bruises on the
man's head, however, haa caused bub
picion of foul play.
posedly Due to Fall In an Apo
plectic Stroke.
Death Is Caused by Broken Neck, Sup-
BEXICIA BAKER FOUND
DEAD IX HIS WAGOX
The members of the Olympic Athletic
Club held their last cross-country walk
of the season yesterday, and, as usual
with them, had an enjoyable time. They
went to Ingleside in two special cars
and then made their way across the
reservation of the Spring Valley Water
Company. After reaching the beach
the athletes donned bathing suits and
dashed into the breakers. This whetted
their appetites for an elaborate lunch
eon, prepared by the veteran clubman
Jim Logan, and by Messrs. Hammer
smith, Benedict and Moore. The chow
der was pronounced a treat.
President Harrison was in his element
during the long walk and set a smart
pace' for the younger members. Those
in attendance were:
President William Greer Harrison, Captain
M v L. Rosenfeld, H. V. Ramsdell, R. A. Clou»
tl«r, Charles Jenkins, J. F. Cunningham. Percy,
Levy, A. Fuhrman, M. Brandenstein. E. Me-'
Kevltt, T. B. Settle. L. Inglls, J. W. Staple
ton, G. A. Griffin. C. V. Clough, F. W. Holl
man, A. C. Kellogg, A. H. C. Mau. T. A. Ner
ney, F. McBumey. J. A. I'latt. C. Bemache],
E. B, Pearce. J. I. Walter, 8. Cavlll, S. I*.
Pool, L. H. Pool, Arthur Castelazo, A. F. McD.
Craig, E. M. Stack, H. C. Ramsay, E. rJ.
Benedict. R. McArthur. 6. 8. Herrlck. J. Scott
Leafy.' W. M. Herrlngton. B. J. Benedict, T.
I. Fltzpatrtck, Luke* J. Flynn T. J. Powers.
W. 8. O'Brien, A. Schmltt, J. A. Hammer
smith. B. Reardon. _JDr. V. O. Veckl, . F. R.
Butz, Charles Yates Jr.. L. F. Kelly, E. J.
Anstett. E. Goeller. J. C. Settle. 8. Bchnalt
tacher, H. A. Rosenquist, < L. J. Hammersmith,
George James, R. - McGlbbsn, L. G. Triebel,
L. Kullman, Irwin' Holmei, M. Veckl, A.
Klelnhaus, H. L. -Atkinson/* E. A.^McCarthy,
8«un'Berg-er, : N. C. Paddock, Francis Galley,
Frank E. Mason was the hero of the
day in the re-entry match of the Gold
en Gate Club, making the high score of
LC3 rings In his ten -shot record, being
23 1-3 points out of a possible 25. He
iilpo made the best bullseye in Captain
Sube's prize contest-
John Gefldn in the Oermania Club
rolled up the good score of 118 rings in
live ehotB, being the highest in the cJub.
Gustaf Schulz again proved to his
<omrades of the Norddeutscher Club
'hat he knows how to find the center.
He carried off the Captain I* Slebe gold
i::*<5al for Bcoringr the best three center
fhotM during the year. Mr. Schulz won
the same medal last year.
In the medal shoot of the Irish Vol
unteers Sergeant P. L. Mahoney proved
high man -of the company, with 45 rings
The closing: event of the year in rifle
circles was held at Shell Mound Park
yc-Fterday and proved a successful ter
mination of a prosperous year for
markemen. A large number of riflemen
who had not visited the ranges in a
long time put in an appearance and en
tered into the contests with their old-
Ume zest.
Marksmen Terminate Suc
cessful Season With a Good
Day's Work at Shell 3Iound
President Harrison Sets a
Smart Pace Across Country
for the Younger Members
SEASON CLOSES
ON THE RANGES
Shell Mound Pistol and' Rifle Club, monthly
practice shoot — L: V. Prates 368. J. Cobby 805,
J. Logue 304. L. R. Prates 852. Bullseye shoot
— H. P. Klinkner 7H. L. R. Murphy 8, R. C.
Holmquist 10, J. OuttenberKcr 12. H. Skinner
14, W. Thompson 14, R. S. Wlxson 10H, Dr. B.
Roche 21. Dr. L. V. Frates 21%, H. Burni
26^ J. Rlngen 31, O. Paulson 37 >4, J. Cobby
38%', W, A. Slebe 38%, C. Pries 41%, W. A.
Peterson !•», D. Hopkins SI, J. Logue SI, B.
Lorenzen M. J. Poulsen 61. Captain L. Slebe
G4. C. Jacobsen 64 V4. Dr. Farnham 66, H. Vo
gel 66. A. Thompson 67, F. Dupllssa 67%, F.
O. Schullerta 68%, T. Burr 71%, H. Wlnd
muller 73, F. Mante 78. .
Redmen's Shooting Company, monthly medal
and bullseye «hoot — Champion claws. Herman
Schult. 392; first claas, J. A. Mohr, 886; second
class. C. G. Strlppel. 382; third class, D.
Tamke, 340; fourth class. H. Kortzen. 330;
best first shot. Henry Schulz. 24; best last shot.
C. G. Btrippel. 25. Bullseye shoot — Henry
Pchulz won Captain Elebe's medal with 824,
Herman Schult 572. John D. FVldennann <J27,
F. Werlen (548, C. G. Strippel 763.
Company A, Irish Volunteers, monthly medal
shoot — Captain n. P. Phllgate 40. Michael Dun!
SI. Lieutenant Thomas McXaboe 33, Sergeant
T. J. Shea 29. Sergeant D. Harnedy 29, Ser
geant P. L. Mnhon»y 45, Corporal M, O'Neill
44, P. Mannion 35, P. O'Kelly 30, Thomas
Monyhan 31, John Caldin 20, Lieutenant Jl J.
Sullivan 30. Sergeant P. J. Kenny 28, Sergeant
Joseph Goughran 18, Corporal Patrick Purcell
1ft, Corporal Thoma* Shaughnessy 14, Corporal
Thomas Connoley 18, John Coehn 12, T. 3.
Crowe 10. James Daley 32. -
mann 35, C. Schilling 48, Corporal A. Diet
rich 20.
to his credit. He was closely followed
by M. J. O'Neill with 44.
In the contest of the Germania Club
some good scores were made. F. P.
Schuster and George H. Tammeyer
each shot 225 rings 1h their ten-shot
score, D. B.' Faktor 224 and Otto Bre
mer 223. The day's scores:
San Francisco Schuetr»n Vereln, monthly
competition shoot — A. Lrnaire 175, B. Helno
JS7, F. Doell 204. F. Henzel 183, H. Stelling
31*7. John G*fkin 206, G. II. Bahrs 187. R.
Si»ttin li'O, Fred Brandt 1S.S, F. P. . Schuster
A. Schaefer 181, D. Huntemann 182, H.
Zech«>r 188, Otto Bremer 202. Otto Lemck« 20&.
D Salfleld 175. A. Uoraholdt 197, H. Meyer
J87 Monthly medal *hoot — Champion class,
1> B. Faktor 231; first class. Otto Lemcke 210;
second class, not filled; third-class. D. Hunte
mann 21$: fourth class. A.'Schaefer 2<X).
GTinania St'huetttn Club, monthly m*dal
nh not— First champion claws. F. V. Schuster
22.% 219- U. B. Faktor 22t. Otto Bremer 223.
220- M F Blaeso 222. 207. Second champion
olac's— O. II. Tammeyer 22S; W. F. Blaaae 213,
2U°- Fred Brandt 214, 208. First class — WI1-
Iia"-n Burichol-Jer 21S; II. StelUn* 211, 200.
Second clasg-A. Jungblut 213. O. H. Mahrs
"Of. II P Nelson 207, M. Kolander 204. Third
aUM— D. 'Huntemann 209, 202. Best first shot
— D. Huntemann 25. Best last shot— Otto
Bremer 25. .
Golden Gat* Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition: Rifle— Gold medal. William Ehren
pfort 197; silver medal. MJ. White 2W3. H.
P. Nelson 200. Bronze- medal. T. L. Lewis 102
Medal bart— G. Tammeyer 225^ 215. Re-entry
mitch-F. E. Mason 233. 2^ : M. KoUnder
226. 219; W. F. Blasse 220, 219: O. W. Max
well. 2ti&. Piitol competition— Charley Becker
M. M. Kolander 60. Bron l« me £ a l ~J- «&•
Lewis 48. R«volver-MJ. White 91. 8i. fi«.
W. R3; W. J. Prltchard 02. 00. 89 8J, 82.
G. K Frthm 89. 91; B. Sommervllle 84, Hi.
£1 fit * i. * iJtt'tfrr 74
korddeutscher Schuetzen Club, «ontt»U
bull«eye .hoot-O. H. Bahrs 80 polnu William
Gottechalk SOO. John L*nkenan 837. F. P.
Schurtw 871. D. Schlnkel 423. G. 6e&uls.4S».
William Doell (CO, Henry Meyer 706^ J. P«
terV 725. John Gefken 788. Aurost Hohmana
909. F.nathjens 972, Herman Huber »S2. J.
WoVbcke !*8: Captain Blebejnedal. G. Schul*.
Independent Rifles. • monthly medal •hoot—
F. Phohay 4J, Lieutenant H. Ooetjer Jr. 84.
W. Goetjen 21. A. Ludemann 43, Benreant B.
I). Hllken «. Sergeant L. Mayer 32. B. Rah
laad 33, Benreant M. Moenning 21. E. Marzolf
24. T. Lorensen 25. R. Wichrowskl 21 3. H.
Behlmer 41. Berg;e*nt C. Andxewi 48, P. Volk-
OLYMPICS ENJOY
A LONG TRAMP
SALT LAKE, Nov. 13. — The five
mile automobile race between -Barney
Oldfleld. and Bert Fuller was not run
to-day. Fuller's machine being out of
order. Several exhibition heats were
run, but only slow time was made.
Oldfleld and Charles Burmau, together
with their manager, leave for San
Francisco to-morrow.
Oldfleld Starts for This City.
The Occidentals defeated the Pick
wicks at association football yester
day on the grounds at Ninth and Bryant
streets by a score of 5 to 0. Although
the score would make it appear that
the game was somewhat one-sided, it
was closely contested and the interest
Of the spectators never flagged.
The grounds were In anything but
good condition. Tufts of grasa and
weeds repeatedly deflected the ball
and interfered with the players. While
the Occidentals clearly had the best
of the game from the start, the clean
ness of the playing was noticeable.
The lineup:
Occidentals. Position. Pickwick*.
Rushton O A. E- Bowcoclt
Milne t R. B F. W. Bowcock
Tlerny L. B Klrvta
Anderson R- H. B Shedden
Lydon C. H. B ....ln*annl
Mathlson L. H. B Bowdon
Goodlet O. R ...Williams
Oracle..'. I. R ..Warm*
Hayes C. ¦ F ..McKes
Taylor .' I* F Wattera
Hodre.:... a I* .....RoberUon
Occidentals the Winners.
The successful teams were George
and Neil Baker and Horace Mann and
Robert Drolla. The Baker brothers
won both of their matches easily, but
Mann and Drolla had harder going.
George Janes and Herbert Long,
holders of the cups, were beaten in
the third round by Hall and Sobey.
The latter were 15 above scratch,
while their opponents were 15 back
of scratch. The handicap proved
about right, as all three sets were 6-4.
The scores:)
Second round — C-i Gardner and S.
Gayness (scratch) beat J. Davis and
J. M. Baker (15 3-6), 11-8,. 6-2. Third
round — Hall and Sobey (16) beat G. J
Janes and H. Long (owe 15), 6-4, J
'4-6, 6-4; Baker brothers (owe 15)!
beat Guerln brothers (16). 6-2, 6-4;,
R. Drolla and H. Mann (3-6) beat C.
Gardner and S. Gayness (scratch),
6-3, 3-6, 6-2; A. Brabant and E. Fin
negan (scratch) beat M. Long and H.
Gabriel (3-6), 6-2, 3-6, 6-2. Semi
finals—Baker brothers (owe 15) beat
Hall and Sobey (16), 6-1, 6-1; Drolla
-and Mann (3-6) beat Brabant and
Flnnegan (scratch). 6-1, 6-3.
The handicap doubles tennis tour
nament which commenced on the
Golden Gate Park courts a 'week ago
was completed yesterday to the finals.
The event attracted an unusual num
ber of spectator's, who were treated to
some good tennis.
Interesting Matches Are Played at the
Park In the Handicap Doubles
Tournament.
FOUR FLAYERS ARE LEFT ¦/, ;
IN FOR TENNIS FINAL)
Southern Stars Rout Brownies Twice
and Gain First Place.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13. — The
ANGELS ASSUME THE LEAD.
On the cricket ground at Alameda
the Vampires beat the Eagles three
goals to one. Lees. Ramsden and Rob
ertson putting the ball through for the
winners. The losers played a surpris
ingly good game. The teams lined up
as follows:
Vampires. Positions. Ea*l«»-
Rolfe Goalkeeper Rlchur
Harwood Right Back Bennett
Patersen .Left Back F. Sholt«
Glarner Right Half Back. .Dirks icapt. >
Turner Center Half Back ....Lancaster
Jaques Left Half Back Cole
E. Lecoutleox . Outside Right. • Moblaai
Ramsden Inside Right L*»
Lees Center Forward Churchill
Robertson.... Inside Left Klser
Wilding Outside Left ,.W. Sholt«
In the third day's matches for the
1904-1905 championship of the California
Association Football League the Inde
pendents beat the Albion Rovers yes
terday two goals to one at Freeman'a
Park. Golden Gate. The Independents
scored both their goals in the first half,
the first one in the first fifteen minutes
of play. E. Fay kicked ' one of them
and Jones the other. The Independent
team included Antrobus, Krauskof and
Nolan, in place of Forbes and Mc-
Graw, who have gone to Seattle, and of
Ellis* whose back was hurt in the pra
vlous Sunday's match.
The Albion Rovers played a grwd
game, although their team Iacke4
Shand, Anderson and E. Orton. The
Rovers' goal was scored by McArthur/
who worked the ball from the center of
the field, carried it down and *hot it be
tween the posts. For the winners the
Fay brothers played their usual strong
game; Duncanson was good at half
back and Antrobus in the goal. The
teams lined up as follows:
Albion Rovers. Positions. Independents.
Lowe Goalkeeper Antro ius
Todd RlKht Back Armstron*
John (capt). Left Back Krauskof
Sully Right Half Back Nolan
Bayne Center Half Back. .. .Duacan3on
Jonen l^-ft Half Back Ballmaln
Bradley Outside Right.... J. Jonea
McArthur Inside Rlnht T. Fay (eap»»
G Smith.... Center Forward P. Fay
Martin Inside Left ...E. 1-ay
Why ta Outside Left Hlgglns
Independents Defeat Albion
Rovers at Freeman's Park
2 Goals to 1 in Good Game
VAMPIRE TEAM
BEATS EAGLES
The Seals were lucky to get away
with the morning game. They were
bad in the field and managed to com
mit six miscues. The Siwashes fielded
far better, but Wheeler was the mys
tifying kid with the bases decorated.
San Francisco landed for two in the
first, another in the second and still
another in the third and these were
barely enough to win.- The score:
Seattle — ! San Francisco
AB. R. H. P.A. ! AH. R. H. P.A.
V'Hltn.cf 5 1 2 S 0 Hllbrd.lf 3 1 0 1 0
Hohlr.ib 3 0 0 :« 4 Meany.rf 2 0 0 3 1
|)lnty.:tb 4 0 0 0 0 Irwln,3b 4 1 1 13
Frisk if 3 1 0 3 1 .VBrn.lb. 4 1 2 13 1
Hnksp.e 4 0 2 3 0 Waldn.cf 4 0 2 2 0
Smith. rf. 4 112 1 'And*n.2b 3 (» 0 2 5
Frmn lb 4 0 l> 5 O Gchnr.es .1 0 0 A 2
HuII.hV. . 4 0 18 1 Gorton.c 3 12 2 0
i>hleld8,p 4 0 0 0 4 Wheelr.p 3 0 10 2
Totals.35 ~3 ~6 24 11 Totals.29 4 8 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattla 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 0—3
Base hits I 0 0 1 1 0 2 1 0— fl
San Francisco 2 110 O 0 O 0 x— 4
Base hits 2 2 4 0 0 0 0 0 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Stolen base— Smith. Errors — Van Buren 3,
Meany, Waldron, Anderson, Shields, Hall.
Two-base hits — Van Buren. Waldron, Blan
kcnihlp. Smith. Sacrifice hits— Meany. First
base on errors— Seattle 3. San Franclaco 2.
First base on called balls— Off Shields 2, off
Wheeler 1. Left on bases — Seattle 7, San
Francisco 0. Struck out — By Wheeler 1. Hit
by pitcher — Hildebrand. Meany. Frisk. Double
plays — Van Buren 1 to Gochnauet: Mohler to
Freeman. Passed ball — Blankenshlp. Time of
same — One hour and IB minutes. Umpire —
McDonald. ¦ -. - K/
The Morning Game.
FRESXO, Nov. 13. — This was
Pitcher Overall's day. Fifteen hun
dred people, including an excursion
from Visalia. his home town, saw him
pitch one of the best games he ever
twirled. Fifteen Commuters were
struck out by him. Oakland's lone score
was made by Francks in the ninth after
the game was Tacoma's. Sheehan's
batting and base running were fea
tures of the game. In the third inning
he got a two-bagger and on a hit by
Casey and Dunleavy'a error scored. In
the eighth he got a hit and stole sec
ond. Casey was walked and Xordyke
got a hit, scoring Sheehan. On an
overthrow to second Casey scored. On
a bad throw to third Xordyke scored.
The score:
Tacoma— I Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle rf 4 0 O i) 0 Ganly, rf 3 0 1 1 0
Shehn'. 3b 4 2 3 1 2 Frncks. s 4 1 1 1 1
Casey, 2b 2 1 1 1 1 Dnlvy. If » 0 0 0 0
Nrdyk.lb 4 12 8 2 Schlfly.2b 2 0 0 5 4
Lynch, cf 4 0 10 O'KruRr, cf 4 0 0 2 0
Raymr, s 4 0 0 10 Strelb, lb 3 0 2 9 1
M'Lgn, If 3 0 10 ODevrx. 3b 2 0 0 0 3
ilopn. c.1 0 0 15 3 Stark, c. 3 0 0 S 2
Overall, p 3 0 0 1 3jBchan, p3 0 0 1 2
Totals 31 4 8 27 11 Totals. 27 1 4 24 13
RCN8 AND HITS BY INNINGS.
: Tacoma 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 3 x — 4
Baee hits 113 0 0003 x— 8
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1— I
• Base hits 0 00011011—4
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Sheehan. Casey, Ganley 3, Dun.
leavy. Errors — Hogan, Schlafley, Stark. Two
base hit — Sheehan Sacrifice hit — Devereaux.
First base on called balls — Off Overall 3, off
Buchanan 2. Struck out— By Overall 15, .by
Buchanan 4. Wild pitches— Overall 2. Left
on bases— Taccma 5, Oakland 4. Time of
came — On« hour and fifty minutes. Umpire — '
Brown. i'/'-'.V
Giant Tiger Pitcher Breaks All Rec
ords on the Coast. i-..^-
OVERALL FANS FIFTEEN MEN".
The blue and sold will have a much
better start next year than this in hav
ing a nucleus composed of experienced
men. This year's defeat will also have
a salutary effect on the general stu
dent body in creating a sentiment that
a victory must be Secured next season at
any cost. Coach Hopper has demon
strated that he is a gridiron alchemist
and if he and Greisberg are retained
next year, as they should be, the
chances are that with the working ma
terial now in hand they can turn «>ut
a championship eleven.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 13.
There wasnever a happier collection of
youthful humanity than the student
body of this institution is to-day. The
great victory over California was not
unexpected, but the . achievement is
none the less glorious on thai, account.
It marked the successful culmination of
moths of arduous labor on the part of
coaches and players, and was therefore
well deserved.
The football squad spent Saturday
night at the St. Francis Hotel In San
Francisco, and returned to the univer
sity at noon to-day. The team is. of
course, exuberant over its feat. The
men have two post-season games and
cannot yet break training. It is hoped
they will keep in trim to win these
contests and close the football year
with the luster of their achievements
undimmed.
BERKELEY, Nov. 13.— The members
of the varsity football team spent the
day after their defeat at the hands of
the cardinal in their homes and frater
nity houses, nursing their wounds and
trying to "forget it." Not one of them
was Berlously injured by the' mauling
which Stanford's giants administered to
them, but there were sore places
a-plenty for Berkeley men to salve,
and the day was principally given over
to this work.
Prentiss D. Gray, left guard of the
team, went into the game with a broken
rib. but despite the rough handling he
received and the fact that he was taken
out of the game in the second half,
Gray's injured member was not serious
ly impaired nor made worse.
Captain Stroud smashed while on the
line until flesh and blood could stand
the pressure no longer, lie showed the
effect of the pounding In a bruised and
blackened body, but of lasting hurts
there will be none in his case, nor in
that of Stern, Force or Heitmuller.
* There Is to "be a reorganization of the
men on the campus to-morrow after
noon. Those who -wish to play in post
season games will go into light train-
Ing.
It was the greatest gridiron battle
in the history of Western football.
Neither team ever played as rapidly
before nor was so much attention paid
to the fine points of the game. There
is still a chance for greater speed and
this will probably be the principal ob
ject of next year's coaching.
The wonder grows that two such or
ganizations should be turned out by
the rival colleges in the same year.
Stanford furnished an example of
almost ideal team work. The cardinal
eleven was not an aggregation of stars,
but a perfect working machine. The
game showed that while- Stott is not
individually the equal of Bansbach at
quarter, he increases the effectiveness
of the eleven by giving It additional
speed and cohesion. The cardinal
will lose several of her best men this
year, but that is' not in any way in
dicative that Lanagan cannot turn out
a better team r vear now that real
football is known west of the prairies.
The megaphones, the pennants and
the ribbons have all been locked away,
but the great football game between
Stanford and California is still being
fought over by the partisans. It is
conceded by every one who saw the
contest that the cardinal was justly
entitled to its victory. California has
a splendid eleven but Stanford had
its master. There is disappointment
over the result at the State University,
but the blue and gold cohorts are not
allowing the dust of defeat to choke
them.
Authorities Praise the Ma
chine-Like Team Work of
the Eleven From Stanford
FOOTBALL GAME
IS DISCUSSED
There is nothing like starting off
right, and as the major portion of the
speculators at Oakland track on Satur
day came away with the money they
will cross the bay this afternoon pre
pared to give the bookmakers another
pleasant time. The fields are not heavy,
and H looks as if four or five favorites
might win. Still that unseen percent
age that is unfathomable may come to
the relief of the ring.
Quite a number of old footlight favor
ites will start, among the number being
Albula and Matt Hogan. The two-year
old events look the most open and
should furnish excellent betting propo
sitions. •
More than likely the public will have
an opportunity to judge of the merits
of Jockey W. Davis. The youngster
was taken to the New York tracks from
St. Louis an unknown quantity, and in
an incredibly short space of time be
came the reigning sensation, almost de
throning Hildebrand as a public idol.
He comes to California under contract
to ride for "Walter Jennings and was
due to arrive at Oakland last evening.
It's pretty late in the season for a cel
lar ball team to take on a sudden burst
of speed, but the Seals probably labor
under the Impression that it is better
late than never* They faced the warring
hosts from the village of Seattle twice
yesterday, and twice these tossers of
the north came in just a run behind.
At paklanrl it was 4 to 3, and at Recre
ation Park the finish was 1 to 0.
Joe Corbett and Dick Williams mixed
in the second great slab fight of the
week yesterday afternoon. Corbett was
far and away the best, for he won. A
scratch hit beat the former hero of 1
many a blue and gold struggle. Just;
one little run in the second inning set
tled the entire contest— a hard one for
any pitcher to lose. ':'-.'¦;.
It was old Wooden Shoes Andy who
ushered the round in for the Seals after
two were dead. He landed on a skimpy
hit to third, which Delehanty could not
handle in time. Wheeler soused a good
one out to center and started the fans
yelling. They kept on with that yell,
for Wilson was there with another one
— nearly to the same spot. Andy hot
footed and landed at the pan a second
before the ball. That was the tale of
the only run of a great game of ball.
The only time the Seals were in dan
ger of breaking it irp was in the sev
enth inning, when Corbett lost the plate
and walked Frisk. Smith and Freeman
in a row. Russ Hall was the man to
rely on for something, but the best he
had was a foul, which Captain Irwin
devoured, and the calamity was thus
averted.
Seattle — San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
V.nH, cf4 0 O 1 O'Hldbd. If 3 O 0 1 0
Mohlr, 2b 4 0 1 2 3 Heany, rf 4 O 1 1 0
Dlhty 3b 4 l> O 0 4|Irwin. 3b 4 O 1 3 0
Frisk If. 3 0 0 1 O.V Brn,lb 3 0 0 11 0
l*Bhy c. A 0 0 2 BlWldrn. cf 3 0 0 2 0
Smith." rf.1 0 0 1 O'Adrsn. 2b 3 110 1
Fremn.lb 2 0 0 If) 1 VVheelr, s 3 0 12 5
Hall s . 3 0 0 0 5 Wilson, c 2 0 1 7 0
Wlllms.p 3 Oil 2 Corbett, p 3 • 0 1*0 4
Blkshp, cOOOOO ~~ZZ~
Totals. 28 1 6 27 10
Totals. 29 0 2 24 18
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 101000000-2
San Francisco... 01 000000 x— 1
Base hits 0 3 1 0 0 1 0 1 x— 6
SUMMARY.
S'Olcn bares— Mohler. Irwin, Corbett, Blank
enship. Smith. Krror— Delehanty. First baso
on error— San Francisco. First base on
called balls— Oft Corbett 4. off Vvilllama 1.
Left on bases— San Francisco 6, Seattle b.
Struck out— By Corbett 7, by Williams 2. Hit
by pitcher— Wilson. Pa?sed balls— Wilson 3.
Wild pitch— WilliamE. Time of game— One
hour and fcrty-flve minutes. Umpire—McDon
ald. - -, • ¦-->
": . W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Loe Angeles. 53 40 .570 Seattle 47 51 .48O
Oakland 56 43 .56<1 San Fran 44 60 .46<J
Tacoma ....'.66 43. 666 Portland ....34 63 .331
Davis, the Star Eastern
Rider, Will Make
His Debut.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Angels took both games from Port
land to-day. Both games were played
in" the afternoon and the first was the
easiest sort of victory for the locals.
The only enlivening features were an
exchange of compliments between
Flood and the umpire, for which
Flood was put out of the game, and a
home run by Cravath over the left
field fence. Jones pitched a strong
game.
In the second game Simons was put
in to pitch and in the first inning the
Angels scored enough runs to win the
game. Mason, for the locals, was wild,
but kept the hits well enough scat
tered to save the game. Score:
Loa Angeles — i Portland —
AB. R. H. P.'A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Bernd.cf 4 2 2 2 0 Dren'n.cf 2 _l> 1 30
Flood,2b 10 0 1 OMurdk.rf 4 0 13 0
fcmith,.1b 5 0 0 0 y:Thtnn,i.'b 10 0 0 2
Cnee.c.lb 3 2 0 6 0 Heck, 3b 4 0 1 1 0
Crvth.rf 2 1 I 3 J Shay, ss 4 0 0 3 4
Chs,lb,2b :l 1 1 I 1 Frary.lb 4 0 1 11 0
floss. If 10 13 0 Xadeu.lf 3 10 0 0
Tomn, ss 2 O O 0 1 Kellky.c 4 1111
Jones, p 4 0 0 0 1 Starkls.p 4 0 0 0 2
Spies, c 2 2 2 12 0 *pncr,2b 2 0 12 2
— n i i | m \ . , . . _ _, , ,
Totals 30 8 7 27 4 .Totals 32 2 6 24 11
RLXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ....02 3 02 001 x— S
Base hits, 12 1 0 1 0 0 2 x— 7
Portland 0 0 O 0 2 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 2 O 0 0 2 1 1 0 0—6
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Chance 2. Cravath 2, Chase 2.
Errors — Chance, Ross, Frary 2. Home run —
Cravath. Three-bas* hits— Spies, Bernard. Sac
rifice hits— Spies 2, Toman. First base on
erro.-s — Lcs Angeles 2, Portland 1. Left on
bases — Los Angeles 7. Portland 7. First base
on called balls — Off Jones 4. off ' Starkalls 7.
Struck out — By Jones 0. by Starkells 1. Double
plays — Cravath to Chance; Jones to Chase to
Chance. Passed ball — Spies. Wild . pitch —
Stark<>l!B. Time of game — One hour forty-five
minuter. Umpire — Perrine.
SECOND GAME.
Los Angeles — Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd.cf 3 O 1 1 0 Drnan.cf 4 1 o 4 O
Flood. 2h 3 1 1 1 u Mrdck.rf 4 1 1 1 O
8mith.3b 3 113 l'Spncr,2b 4 0 2 11
Chancc.c 2 1 1 8 l» lieck. 3b 4 1 1 O O
Crvth, rf 2 1 1 1 0 Shay, ss. 3 1 1 0 1
Chase.lb 3 111 liFrary.lb 2 12 6 0
Rose, If. 1 1 0 2 ONadau.lf 3 0 12 0
Toman.ss 2 110 OJKelcky.c 3 0 111
Mason, p. 2 0 0 1 OiSlmons.p 3 0 0 0 2
Totals. 21 7 7 18 2* Totals. SO 4 9 15 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles S 0 0 2 0 x~~ 7
Base hits 4 0 0 2 1 x — 7
Portland 1 0 1 0 2 0 — 4
Base hits 2 0 3 2 2 0 — »
. SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Bernard. Errors — Flood (3),
Murdock, B»-ck, Shay. Three-base hit — Chase.
Two-base hits — Beck, Toman, Frary- First
base on errors — Portland 3. Left on bases —
Los Angeles 2, Portland 9. First base' on
called balls — Off Mason 1, off Simons 3.
Struck out — By Macon 6. Time of game — 1:10.
Umpire — Perrine.
First race — Whoa BUI, Lurene
Berendos.
Second rac<" — Entre Xous, Mlzpah,
Baboo.
Third race — Albnla, Oronte, Oor
galette.
Fourth race — Montana Peeress,
Glenrlce, Canejo.
Fifth race — IVlhani, Silvcrskin.
Head Dance.
Sixth race — Matt Hojjan, Aunt
Polly, Bell Reed.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race. Futurity caurse, thr««-year-olds
and up. selling. * .
(7393)'Pure Dal* (Madison) 103
74o2Whoa Bill (Eppinger) 104
Wfl Lurent (Prltchard) 107
T312 Battdor (Fine) lot
(73S9)Berendoa (Gr«en> 107
6708 'Inspector Munro (Fox) 101
7318 'Rose of Hllo (EHerd) 103
7112»Cloche d'Or (CoSey) 103
Vulcaln (Ezell) lOti
(7270) 'Profitable (Winters) 1<J2
Second race, five furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse, maiden fillies.
. . . . Frtncew Zula (Forbes) ton
7394 Anita Knight (Spratt) ICtt
6828 Emily Callahan (Humphry) 10S
.... Entro Nous (Nealon) ....103
. ...Glendene (Jones) .• 105
7401Tarcoola Belle (Miller) lo*
7384 Identical (Stevens) 10ft
.... Maid of Fermoy (Fox) 103
.... Babou (Ferguson) 103
Sun Rose (Appleby) l'»*
Mixtres* of Rolls <Rowe!l) 10.%
!>«&.-» Lily Goldlr.jc (Stanfleld) 1OS
63S7 Mlzpah (Summers & Co.) 105
Third race, six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, purse.
(737S)Sol LJchtensteJn (Madison) I'M
6599 Albula (Umun«y Bros.) 103
7336 Bugden (Cleal) 1«»
6727 Oronte (Piedmont Ftable) 10.1
6726 GorgaJette (Fitzgerald) 104
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up. selling:
7J0fl 'Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 07
7403 'Canejo (Ellerd) 07
B7B2 Play Bal*. (Daly) »7
740:: 'Montana Peeress (Coffey) »7
7400 Flying Torpedo (Eaell) 1™
7400 Lone Fisherman (Barclay & Martin).. 1C5
6412 *Rene fLamasney Bros.) »7
T838 "Gleni-ice (Cree) 1O4
7389 "Tanhauser (Hayes) 93
Fifth race, five and a half furl!cnr», two
year-olds, colts and foldings, purse.
(*736)Head Dance (El Prlmero Stable) lfi«
Bearskin (Skinner & Co.) ....103
(7401 )£-llverskin ( Brlnkworth) 112
6015 Corn Blossom (Rowell) 1OT8
A Munkoriay (Doss & Co.) '.1O»
0724 Salable (Blaslngame> .....ton
6724 Squire Johnson (Miller) Wi
«712 Indicate (Summers & Co.) 1OT
7401 Pelham (Henshall) ; 100
72S9 David Boland (Balrd) .• 109
Sixth race. Futurity course, three-year-olds
and up, selling.
7306 Aunt Polly fjudge) 1OT
6733 Olympian (Schorr) 110
'Komombo (Cross) 103
7314 'Mlmo (Sheridan) 1M
B650 »Waterspout (Smith) 83
(7308)*Doublet (Fountain) 10«
7345 Step Around (Tupper) 107
(7200) Bell Reed (Fitzgerald) 1«>7
(7.T4T)Allce Carey (Ferguson) 10O
(73l3)Dora I (Wentworth) IKX
7134 Matt Hogan (Magrane) 109
BY FRED E. MULHOLI4ANDI.
Lets Northern Sluggers Down With
Pair of Scattered Hits.
HOW HORSES
SHOULD RUN
AT OAKLAND
JOE CORBETT 'SHINES ON THE SLAB
Fields Not Unwieldly
and Class Is Well
Represented.
Seals Give Smashes Double
Beating in One Day.
FAVORITES SHOULD SCORE
AT EMERYVILLE TO-DAY
SOUTHERN HOUND PROVES FLEETEST OF COURSERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.
Second Place Goes to McVey After a Series of
Sensational Trials on Union Park Field.
HISTORIC JOHN GRACE CUP STAKE
IS TAKEN CLEVERLY BY TOM KING
WINNER AND RCKKEB UP IN' THE JOHN GRACE CUP ST&KE, WHICH WAS DECIDED AT UNION COURSING PARK
rBSTEBDAY BEFORE A LARGE ATTENDANCE OF SPECTATORS. THE EVENT ATTRACTED THE FLEETEST GREY
HOUNDS IN ALL THE WEST AND PROVIDED EXCITING RUNNING.
11Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia..
Druggists. 60c Cask. Richard & Co.. 106Clajr.«
• When one is* afflicted with rheumatism,
to obtain relief as ¦ speedily, as possible is
the first i consideration ; take I Lash's 'Kid
ney and Liver Bitters. ? •
DENTAL EXAMINATION.— The nefct ex
amination by the Board of Dental Examiners
•will be. held In .this city December (35. Those
wishinc ; to take the examination - can ' obtain
full- information "from Dr.' F. G. Baird. -50-
Sutter street. -"..-'•>'.. -'¦
Women Make a Hough House.
Kate Atherton and May Harris,
while under the influence of liquor
yesterday afternoon, went to- a room
in the Hobson House on Kearny street
with two soldiers. A _ fight soon
started and the Atherton woman be
gan throwing things out of the win
dow from the third story into the
street. A crowd quickly gathered and
Policeman de Guire appeared on the
scene. .He arrested the two women
for disturbing the peace and being
drunk in a public place. The Ather
ton woman's hands were so badly cut
with broken glass that she had to be
sent to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. The soldiers escaped. Both
women were among the "drunks'* re
leased b-" Police Judge Cabaniss yes
terday morning.
Art School Supplies.
Drawing pencils and papers, drawing
instruments, draughtsmen's supplies.
Inks, sketch pads, oil colors, drawing
boards, thumb tacks, crayons and eras
ers. Always the best. Sanborn, vail &
Co., 741 Market street. *
Kopta Quartet's Concert.
The . Tschaikowsky piano trio, op.
50. was the^novelty of yesterday aft
ernoon's Kopta quartet concert at
Lyric Hall. The trio, "dedicated to
the memory of a great artist," Rubin
stein, was given for the first time here,
and developed/ as a work, of excep
tional beauty. It was played admir
ably throughout by Mr. Kopta, Mr.
L-ada and Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt. An
other number- of much interest was
the two Dvorak waltzes, of. which the
manuscript is in possession of only
three quartet organizations, the Knei
sel and Kopta quartets among: them.
They proved, beautifully played, the
most popular work of the afternoon,
being:, enthusiastically ¦ e,ncored. The
Beethoven . Quartet, op.- 18, opened
the programme, and was rendered in
sympathetic and graceful fashion.
The next programme : of the series
will be given Sunday afternoon, De
cember 11, and will have for its chief
feature a new piano quintet of Aren
sky's, that will then be played for the
itflrst time here.,*
A large class of boys and girls, who
for some months have been receiving
instructions from the Sisters of the
Holy Family and 'the clergy of St.
Francisc Church, received the sacra
ment of confirmation yesterday at St.
Francis. ..; .- T
Archbishop Riordan administered the
BATE WOMAN HOBBED HIM —Ed Ford
cf Sacramfnto met llrt. Jessie Marson In
Pratt A: Ti^roey's Orienta. saloon on Mason
Ftreet Saturday night. He went with her to
227 Taylor street early yesterday morning and
Htsr informed Pnlirt-mT Hurd. Fosajay and
6n--ith thet the woman had stolen frTm him
SlOti in cold and a gold match box valued at
S1O. The woman was arrested on a charge of
crand larceny. Her room was searched a.nd
the was also searched at the City Prison, but
no trace of tht- coin or match box was found.
Ebe say* she is a recent arrival from Seattle.
BnrBett'* Yanflla Extract Is sold
ty all the best rroctrs everywhere, try It. •
CONFIRMATION
OF CHILDREN
sacrament, assisted by the Rev. Ter
ence Caraher. the pastor, and his secre
tary, the Rev. Father Cantwell.
The_ Archbishop dwelt upon the na
ture and effects of confirmation and
exhorted his young hearers to per
severe in the high resolutions which
they had formed.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies
his Grace gave the benediction of the
Blessed Sacrament. assisted by the
chancellor, the Rev. Father P. Cum
mins, as deacon, and the Rev. Father
Redahan, O. S., sub-deacon. The Rev.
Father Caraher was master of ce»e
monies.
The Rev. Father William E. Mc-
Gough had charge of the . children In
the church during the confirmation
and Miss Anne Lacey was godmother
for the girls and P. A. Buckley was
godfather for the boys.
Besides the clerey already mentioned
there were present in the sanctuary
the Very Rev. Joseph Sasia. S.J.: Very
Rev. Henry H. Wyman, C. S. P.: Rev.
John Nugent, Brother Xenopleon and
Brother Bernard of St. Mary's Col
lege, Oakland. , , *
Following are the names of the con
firmed: .
Boys — Andrew Columbus Panella, Albert
Francis Joseph Petterson, John Michael Brown.
Walter Raymond Carr, Lawrence Aloysius
Ruff. Edward- Aloysius Remy. Casimir Francis
Stevenot, -Ambrose Edward Bellando, Carmel
Joseph Sweeney, Thomas Francis Joseph Duf
fi-, John Paul Dapelo. William Joseph Cook.
Raymond Aloysius Vaequez, 'Joseph Patrick
Garcia. Geoj-ge John Crotton. George Richar.l
Cohen, David Stephen Andrew Raggio, John
Francis Garrlgan. Fra.nci B Timothy Flynn..
Gecrce Aloy£ius\Spiller. Charles Florence Mc-
Carthy. John Richard. Bazzini. Thomas Joseph
Dt-lehar.ty. Howard James Schase, Edward
Charles Read, Georce Stephen William Gore,
Lfto Edward Bogan. Milton Ernest Joseph Pe
terzon, Luke Leo Terence Kelly. Raymond
William Thomas Ryan, Martin John McAn
drews, Leslie Anthony Allen, John Joseph
Robl. Henry George Leldig, Walter Edward
McMahon, William Pa.ul Klatt, William Au
gustine Holland, Charles Francis Relnhardt.
Charles Daniel Hoar, Henry Moyce, Edward
James Aloysius Ryan. William Patrick Dele
hanty. PHnlo Anthony Riccadonna, . Albert
John Selna, Oscar Julius Dryer, Joseph Antone
Daviner. William Alorsius Scott, Joseph John
Gastel. Thomas B. Meader and Henry 11
Etandish. - ."
(iirle — Kllzabeth Mary Catherine KrimphofT,
Emily Cecelia Messmer. Alma Frances Hyn«s
Ann JoEenhine Bernadette Brady, EJizabfth
Gertrude Humphreys, Ethel Mary Theresa
Aflaras, Mildred Mary Black. Elizabeth Mar
garet Mary McDcvitt. Louise Clare Bazzlnl.
Carmehta PhHomer.a Cohn, Mary Veronica
JLeal, -Ocilia H. ¦ Bering:. Catherine Rose Couna
han, Winifred Clare McLaughlln, Edith May
Page, Josephin* Cecilia Robblns, Mary Eliza
beth Ann Read, Louise Clare Dubols. Kdith
Catherine Hahwyler, Charlotte Frances Rah
.wyler, -Ann Gertrude Smith, Mabel Agnes
King. Ethel Dominic Davis, Edith Elizabeth
Lync-h. Rai>ha*la Agnes Wllmes, Hazel Mary
Ferpuson, Catherine Anne Sherry, Elizabeth*
Cecilia ' Duffy, Irene Clare Boyle, Madeline Jo
sephine Norton, Edna Veronica Garrett, Alice
Frances McSv.-egran t . Emma . Cecilia Fields,
Mary Margaret - Petrlcevich. Elizabeth Agnes
Clark, Dorothy Lucy Bercovlch, Julia Florence
Gomez. Honora Mary Sullivan. Florence Fran
ces Shaw, Mabel Josephine de- Martini, Alma
Beatrice McNuky, Lydia - Anne Petrlcevich,
Josephine Elizabeth Buckley, Edna Frances
Petrouilla Wrlxon, Louisa Ellen Modeste, Vir
ginia Agnes Marchl, Agnes > Elizabeth Mary
Cohen, Gertrude Rose Capuro, Myrtle Clare
Gillen. Liicy Cecilia Arjo, Marion Elizabeth
Devlin, Ann Isa.hel King, Margaret Cecilia
HuKhes.i Mary Clare Young, Flora. Clare Irene
'McCormiek, Elizabeth Agnes- Tekinie, Adele
Frances Landresse. Alice ; Elizabeth ,: Maxwell,
Ann Olga Elizabeth Krausse. Margaret - Made
leine Vasquez, Hose • Elizabeth Ferrea and
Charlotte Lucy Glover.
A grand carnival ball will be given
at the Mechanics* Pavilion next Satur
day night by Aerie No. 5, Fraternal Or
der of Eagles. The announcement of
the affair has already created great in
terest, and it is expected that the Pa
vilion will be thronged when the or
chestra begins to tune up. Prizes
amounting to several thousands of dol
lars have been offered to those who ap
pear in the most attractive costume.
San Francisco Aerie No. 5 was or
ganized February 19, 1S99, with a char
ter list of ninety members. It now con
tains over 2000 Eagles. Since the aerie's
organization it has given many pleas
ant social affairs, but the members ex
pect to out-do themselves at the com
ing carnival ball.
The Pavilion will be «specially deco
rated for the occasion, and an extra
large orchestra will be hired. The com
mittee in charge is a sufficient guaran
tee that the affair will be a brilliant
success. Its member are: Jerome 'A.
Bassity. chairman; Gustave Pohlman,
secretary; David Becker, Charles
Mitchell, Charles G. Nagle. D. E. Ang
lum, J. P. B. Jones, Charles McClain,
Eugene Casserly and Edward H. Buck
ley.
Georges Dupuy Will Lecture.
Georges Dupuy, x the well-known
French writer, who has been in thia
city for several weeks, will lecture on
"The Desolate Island of Martinique"
at the meeting 1 hall of the Cercle
Francais in the Hotel Savoy to-mor
row night. Dupuy has already lec
tured to the French-speaking people
of the city on "The Land of the "Virgin
North."
HEXOWXED GUESTS.
prestige in the memorable Blaine cam
paign. The incorporation of the league
as a social club did not tfcke place until
1SS3. The club in its onward march to
its present comfortable position has
seen some dark days of adversity. On
more than one occasion the outlook wa3
decidedly gloomy. Republican leaders
who had been honored by the party and
to some degree enriched by the emolu
ments of office gave the club no sup
port and spoke sneeringly of the loyal
and true members as "chair warmers."
Others took offense because the man
agement insisted on the payment of
just obligations and resigned without
liquidating the debt. The stalwart rep
resentatives of the league were not dis
heartened by the conduct of the delin
quents, but applied themselves to the
task of recruiting new members in the
city and extending the benefits of the
institution to Republicans of the inte
rior.
The hospitalities of the Union League
have been extended to many eminent
men of the United States. Presidents
Harrison, McKinley and Roosevelt have
been honored guests of the league.
The apartments in the Palace Hotel oc
cupied by the league for so many years
did not afford sufficient space for the
increasing membership, hence a propo
sition was advanced during Colonel
George H. Pippy's first term as presi
dent for the purchase of a site and the
building of a house on Stockton street,
between Post and Geary street3. After
a full investigation the project was
abandoned on account of the magni
tude of the financial requirements.
"When the Pacific-Union Club resolved
to build a new home Mr. Burbank.
owner of the house which this club
was about to vacate, entered into nego
tiations with the Union League, and
the result was a long lease of the prem
ises by the league. It was ascertained
that the sum of $20,000 would be re
<ruired to provide new furniture and
equipment. That sum was immediately
set arart for such use as the directors
deemed advisable. The Union League
Is now on a plane of equality with oth
er prominent social clubs of San Fran
cisco, and there are Indications that the
city membership will be materially en
larged.
One new feature is a ladies' annex.
The Stockton street entrance to the
clubhouse will be used by ladies who
may be entitled to the privileges of the
annex. It is the purpose of the directors
to give club functions in which the
"wives, sisters and sweethearts" may
participate. Limited space in the old
quarters on New Montgomery street
was an obstacle to such functions.
MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE OF AERIE NO. 5, ORDER OF EAGLES. WHO
ARE IN CHARGE OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR GRAND CARNIVAL. BALL. AT
MECHANICS' PAVILION NEXT SATURDAT EVENING.
Gottlieb Hopp. formerly a sergeant in
Company K of the Coast Artillery,
irsade complaint to the police yesterday
afternoon that he had been robbed of
52250 on Saturday night. Hopp was in
such a condition of intoxication that he
remained unconscious for seventeen
hours at the Central Emergency Hos
pital, and he is unable to give the de
tectives any clew to the thief.
Hopp was retired in Honolulu four
months ago. He says he had saved
the money that was stolen from him,
and that it represented the earnings
of thirty years' service. He says
he carried $2000 in greenbacks in an
inside vest pocket and $250 in gold coin
in his trousers. During the afternoon,
h* says, he left his room at 232 Hyde
street and went to the Presidio. Early
in the evening he returned to the city
in company with Samuel Amsler of the
Thirteenth Infantry and the pair vis
ited several saloons on O'Farrell street.
The last resort they went into was that
of Henry Frusteck, on the southwest
corner of O"Farrell and Stockton
streets. Frusteck says Hopp became
abusive and was thrown out. He
¦walked up O'Farrell street in com
pany with Amsler and when near his
horn* 3 became suddenly unconscious.
Amsler eays he placed the man in a
doorway for about ten minutes for the
purpose of learning where he lived and
that if he was robbed it was during this
time. Amsler was taken to the Central
Police Station and Questioned by De
tective Bailey, but Hopp refused to
allow any suspicion to be cast upon
him.
Ex-Soldier Declares That He
Was Bobbed of Over
Two Thousand Dollars
SAYS HE LOST
LARGE AMOUNT
If Eva Williams- is the "Duse of
vaudeville," Augusta Glose is the Re
jane. That is, that is her kind of pos
sibility. Miss Glose has adorned vaude
ville for the hoary period • of three
wekes. though it takes the veteran's
eye to discover her variety infancy. If
it were not for the Murphys and the
Kellys, acushla, Miss Glose would, in
fact, headline the Orpheum bill this
week. She dees the "girl that walks
like this." sings the baby girl song, does
an Anna Held ditty. Been done before?
Precisely. It is Miss Glo3e's way of do
ing the things that is the point. Her
baby girl is a real baby girl singing
about a rag doll; nqt one of those won
derful pickled infants that tempt tAjthe
sympathetic brickbat. We've air seen
her girls that walk, amble and sidle
"like this," and her French chanson is
of the rarest of delicate deviltry.
About her singing, as Miss Glose her
se'lf wittily preludes, she "talks" her
songs, but with much vocal agreeable
ness and with the refinement that de
lights and refreshes throughout her
work. She plays, too— accompanies her
self in a fashion that shows the accom
plished pianist. Altogether Miss Glose
counts up "class," chic, a rare comedy
vein and a delicate and unusual beauty
among her equipment. By next week
the young woman will have learned to
wait for the numerous laughs that fall
to her share, and also to get rid of a
certain breathlessness in the tempo of
her work.
After, it is the, clan Murphy, not to
speak of Kelly, that howlds down most
of the Orpheum boards. The Murphys.
however, are new this week, Mr. and
Mrs. Mark Murphy, who bring an en
gaging sketch entitled "Why Doogan
Swore Off." A rollicking, jovial, whole
hearted Irish pair — who would evident
ly "rather be micks than kings" — are
the Murphys. By a process as delicate
ly logical as bludgeoning a hint into a
burglar, the lady in the sketch makes
her unsober spouse believe that he has
murdered a Chinaman. He has come
.home in a wheelbarrow. He went out
the night before to a fire. He becomes
convinced of sin under his wife's tactics
and abjectly repents. She then extracts
a promise from him never, never more
to. etc. Then she tells him he is guilt
less of Ah Lung's death. An uproarious
curtain falls upon Doogan, firmly en
sconsed in the wheelbarrow demanding
to i e returned to the unfinished festivi
ties. Mrs. Murphy as Joolia has to sing,
and is good fun to listen to, and both
are clever low comedians.
For the rest, there is a mind-reading
pony of the Carlisle dog and pony
troupe that is very clever. Then John
T. Kelly in his "Senator McPhee" helps
the Irish to beat the Dutch again tHfe
week, and it is what our sporting editor
would call a "knockout." The Ramon
niers, acrobats, do a "little sensational
trapeze work, and Canfield and Carle
ton and Jeanie Fletcher continue.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
» * *
"The Fatal Wedding" began a
week's run at the Grand Opera-house
last evening with a good audience.
The play is a touching story of a plot
ting woman, the separating of a hus
band and wife and the final happy
ending of the action.
"A Friend of the Family" furnished
the usual big Sunday night house at
the California Theater with an over
abundance of laughter last night. The
comedy is well known in this city, but
whenever it comes it is sure to be wel
comed. It v was as well received as
ever last night and made a hit that
was genuine. The piece abounds in
all manner of funny happenings, being
founded on a domestic row, in which
all the members of the family and
plenty of outsiders are strangely
tangled up.
William Friend, the well-known
comedian, who plays the part of the
abused husband, was at his best last
night. He is a genuine funmaker and
can adapt himself to a difficult role
with the greatest ease. ¦ Harry Cran
dall, as th<f minister who toyed with
the flowing bowl, is much of the
show. His acting is worth going miles
to see. Miss Thais Magrane, the lead
ing lady, gave a good account of her-
Velf, as did Mies Dudley in the role
of the domineering aunt and Eugene
Redding as the fiery French Count.
The principal characters were well
supported by the other members of
the company and the play runs very
smoothly in every comical detail.
The managers of the California
Theater are having trouble about
booking- '"The Runaways." the show
to be put on next week. Last night
Frank O. Miller, owner of the show,
informed the managers of the house
that he would take his attraction off
if they did not sell the seats on the
$150 basis. He claimed that as the
price his show played to throughout
tho East and demanded it here. Man
ager Ackerman informed Miller that
the regular price for the best seat at
the 1 California was 51 and that. he
would not raise the prices for any
owner. Miller and Ackerman all but
came to blows over the affair. Miller
says he will sue the California man
agement in the courts arid take his
show off their list; .
The Union League Clutrof San Fran
cisco, which was incorporated July 18,
1SS9, is now, with a membership of
nearly one thousand, comfortably and
luxuriously established in its new
hotn.e, corner of Post and Stockton
streets. The south frontage on Post
street affords an unsurpassed view.
The spacious house was for many
years occupied by the Pacific-Union
Club, and there are many who regard
it as the ideal club site of San Fran
cisco. >V^
The league was instituted to support
and Inculcate the principles of the Re
publican party; to promote loyalty to
the Government; to further and by
social, moral and political influences
assist in advancing the cause of good
government and the honest and pa
triotic administration thereof.
DIRIGO CLUB.
Among the original or charter mem
bers of the Union League were many
young men who were actively con
cerned in the formation of the re
nowned Dirlgo Club, which gained
The Murphys and Kellys Aid
in Clever Programme of
of Fun — Other New Plays
Institution on Equal Plane
With .Other Social Clubs.
Ladies' Annex Is a Feature
MEMBERSHIP IS LARGE
MANY TAKJNG FEATURES
Accomplished Actress the
Star of a Good Bill Pre
; ?) sented at the Orpheuni
Improved Quarters in Which
to Inculcate Principles
of Loyal Eepublicanism
CARNIVAL WILL BE HELD
BY EAGLES AT PAVILION
Aerie No. 5 Is Preparing to Give
a Brilliant Ball.
AUGUSTA CLOSE
IN VAUDEVILLE
UNION LEAGOE
IN NEW HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1904.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thanksgiving
Make your. thanksgiv-
ing table abound with
food dainties, tempt-
ing, palatable and
who^some.
7 Malaga raisins (big fat
ones.) Smyrna figs ( mam-
moth size.) Spanish olives
(immense ones.)
Plum pudding, (French,
English, American.) Sweet
apple cider (no acids.) Mar-
rons Glace (in syrup and
brandy.) Huyler's and Low-
ney's candies.. \
More Holiday Gro-|
ceries. New Goods — |
Jus£ Arrived. .
Nuts, ripe olives, mack-
erel, cervelate sausage, Bis-
marck herring, truffles:
Apricots, prunes, chestnuts, Poto-
mac roe herring, mince meat, pick-
led figs, citron, cranberries, shelled
almonds, German cheese, Bar le
Due currants, cleaned currants.
Carving sets, game shears,
• American, English, German.
Monday Toesday Wednesday
Creamery Butter
'Fresh Made, 2 Ib sq, full weight
Kona Coffeey-reg'ly 25c lb 20
AsparagUS- Formerly 30c can 25
Enough for four, no waste doz 2.9 J
Crab Apple Jelly-Home Mads 20
Pure fruit and sugar, reg'Iy 25c jar
Royan Sardines 1254
With truffle and pickle, reg'Iy 15c can
. Corn and asparagus — this
season's pack — back to old
Olives Farcies-French sml27^
Spanish Olives stuffed with anchovies
reg'Iy 30c, 55c bot .• Ige45
Puree de FoiS GraS-Teyssonneau
Goose liver pate, reg'Iy. 25c can 20
Smyrna Layer Figs ; 12#
Just arrived, reg'Iy 20c Ib
Green Turtle Soup 10
. Hickmott, this low price to Introduce It
reg'Iy 12Jc can, guaranteed pure green
turtle stock
Eagle Milk-Dozen lots only 1.65
Lea & Perrin's Sauce ipt22j4
Genuine Worcestershire pts 40
r reg'ly 25c, 45c bot
Food Chopper-Universal 1.25
For raw or cooked meats, fruits,
vegetables, four knives, reg'Iy $1.75
' HOLIDAY LIQUORS*^;
Cognac-F. o. p. 1.15
Hennessey, our bottling
$6 gal, reg'ly $1.50 bot 4.50
Whisky- GB& Co. 1893 1.00
Old Crow Bourbon -, 4.00
Hermitage Rye ,reg'ly $1.25 tot, t$ gal
Irish Whiskv-i star Killycroy 8
DistlllefsVCoL Ltd., reg'Iy $1 bot
Spanish Sherry 50
Topaz, reg'Iy 75c bot, $2.50 gal 1.85
Beer-Everard pts 1.35
Canada malt lager, qts 2.10
reg'Iy $1.55, f 2.35 doz
White Wine-California gal 55
re?'lv 75c gal, allowance for iemty bottle
" fl'Jd, , 1 3.75 doz,_ pts 1 .50, qts 2 40
12,000 pounds import-
ed Smyrna figs a r -
rjyed. '-Extra fancy
stock. Good ton
everybody. ;
London Layers-special Ibl2*
ADVEKTISrotEXTS.
IMPERIAL JAPANESE GOVERNMENT
6% Sterling Loan, Second Scries,
Due October 5th, 1911.
The undersigned are authorized by the JAPANESE IMPERIAL
\ GOVERNMENT to issue the above LOAN, and hereby offer for
public subscription £6,000,000 of the above bonds at the. price of 88 -
I per cent and accrued INTEREST, NEW YORK STOCK EX-
i CHANGE USAGE, which is the approximate parity of the LON-
DON ISSUE PRICE. £j£j
\ THE SUBSCRIPTION LIST will be opened at the various of-
fices of the undersigned at 10 a. m. on NOVEMBER 14, 1004, and
J will be CLOSED on or before NOVEMBER 22, 1904. The under-
signed reserve to themselves the right to close the subscription list
at any time without notice and to reject any subscriptions and allot
smaller amounts than applied for.
PAYMENTS FOR BONDS ALLOTTED is to be made in
5 NEW YORK funds, as 'follows:'
i On application .' ..$ 25.00 per £100 Bond.
On December 5, 1904.. $25.00 per £100 Bond.
On January 5, 1905 ?397-3i per £100 Bond.
; :
TOTAL •. •,.'... $447-3 1 per £100 Bond.
FORMS and SUBSCRIPTION BLANKS and Further Details
regarding this Loan can be obtained at the offices of the under-
fcigncd:
I KUHN, LOEB & CO., William and-Pine Sts., New York, N. Y.
NATIONAL CITY BANK, 52 Wall street, Nev York, N^Y.
-NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE .IN NEW YORK, 31
Nassau street, New York, N. Y. . ,
S NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO, cor-
ner Pine and Montgomery streets, San Francisco, California v
¥ | Colored Dress Cioods |
I We quote a few lines from our large J
I stock of dress goods. The following items |
1 will be found to be among the newest k
I materials for the season's wear. «
I "Panne Cheviot" |
I An imported French Fabric; cheviot weave, highly finished in M
fi plain and mixed colorings; a suitable material for stylish street a
1 and walking dresses. , The dress pattern $12.00 fi
1 Tailor Suitings ~ [f
8 We are showing a new assortment of designs and colorings in M
M oar "Devonshire" and "West of England" Suitings, all mannish f|
m styles; 56 inches wide, pure wool and extra vaIue$|.5O yard H
I "Crystal Crepe" |
8 44 in. wide, crepe weave, wool texture, small dots of silk wot- fl
1 en in material all the new fancy and staple colors. $1.50 yard W
a *' Crepe de Paris ** a
£j 46 in. wide, silk and wool "Crepe de Paris," high lastroas fin- jj
9 ish, soft clinging texture, new shades of browns, grays, modes, jj
1 tans and blues. $2.00 yard '4
1 Waistings |
H , Novelty wool waistings. the latest styles, in Crepes, Granites 1
1 and Embroidered -Mohairs, new patterns and colorings. I
1 60c to $1.00 yard I
I I Chalys f
5 For this season we have imported a large stock of this popu- H
8 lar material and are showing a varied assortment of designs; fj
B small neat patterns for children's wear and fancy Persian styles «
D for kimonas and house gowns, ' 60c yard fj
Black Dress Goods J
I Black Figured Crepe de Paris J
( I A soft clinging Silk and Wool Fabric with small neat designs, *
1 Black Figured Samite 1
wf A handsome silk and wool material with high silky luster, t
jl small designs, 44 in. wide. $2.00 yard I
J Special 1
0 Black Iron Frame Etamine, 46 in. wide. H
§ Regular value $1.25 yard. $1.00 yard g
I Order by Mail f
S Our Mail Order Department is perfectly equipped to ade- Q
B quately serve the wants of those who live at a distance. Or- g
H ders filled promptly. Samples sent to any address. U
a ¦ H 4L JL & • ¥ ¥^L ff# 3
' lll 1 tol2l Post Street -^^z^J^r )
rOfi* » ?*?:* M ???»?? MTDi
K
h
*¦
*¦ -
t> :
>- >
: / Faultless \ |
: I Quality J t
+
" HTLBERT MEBCAyTTLE CO.. -*¦
» 13ft-ltt Second St.. S«n rr«nci»co, C«l. .+.
„ Ttlephtme Private 313. _^.
ADV^TlSjra^JTS;
FOR THANKSGIVING"
Some Decided Novelties
In our
China and Glass
Department
So suggestive of. Thanksgiving
Our assortment for this sea-
son is replete with the newest
and best ideas.
Choicest and most exclusive
patterns.
Moderate Prices
Guaranteed
S.&G. Gump Co.
113 Geary St.
/l V p crfcct Fitting IJ.^i *
fy Eyeglasses '0?
j At Moderate Cost (\
V 642
Mellin's Food is endorsed by the phy-
sicians. Hundreds of doctors are
using Mellin's Food in there own fam-
ilies for their own children. If Mel-
lin's Food is good for the doctor's baby
it ought to be good for your baby.
Let us know if you would like to try
Mellin's Food and we will send you a
sample bottle free of charge.
- MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MAS3.