. ¦-«>.¦ - *• • ¦
don't get the chance very often' to' free
my mind. You'll say now that shows
I'm lonely/ but I think you'll - under
stand when I get through that there's
a great difference between 1 bein* alone
an' bein* lonely. Some of the loneli
est folks I know lives in the same house'
right in the same families with a lot of
others, an' some of the least- lonely
ones lives off In some little house all
alone. It ain't all in bein'. where other
folks is, unless the other, folks ¦ is your
kind of folks. , I don't mean "old maid"
an* "widow** now. I mean the kind of
folks that thinks near enough like you
do to make it easy gettln' along: with
•eni. . . Religion is the thing 1 ( that makes
the most lonely .lives, an'i, it makes
most of , the other, kind, too. You take
a great big family, where all the folks
thinks just. alike except Just one, an'
if that ain't the loneliest place in : all
the 'world- for that one I : miss - my
guess. Then you • take a little home
where there's just, one,, an' *he- gets
along well . all . by « himself \'ca.use , he
don't have no one to .dispute ; with
about, religion, or folks' characters, or
none of the disputin' '¦¦ subjects.' Some
times you find the other kind, that
can't agree with himself about religion.
Kobinson. Crusoe, was \that7~kind. " He
was just .. as lonely as could f be. an'
only, because '. he couldn't agree? with
himself about religion, an',- as » I re
member, he spoiled the best part" of his
story stickin' in his own worries ' an*
disputes with himself. , ; , ,. ¦-... •:. \ ¦'.
" "Now,; I agree pretty- well; with my
self, so I don't get lonely^, Butsay, did
you ever stop to think about how many
words there - is mean lonely,- ah'
now- few* to say the -other 'thing? '-I
hope •it, ain't-* 'cause «. there's ."iso" many
more lonely folks than* there is the oth
er k kind. ; tet's^see... there's > lonesome,'
an* • forlorn,"" an' '.solitary," an'.- desolate,
an' friendless, " but ' I've'. never; heard ' the
word -yet Uhat; means 'just' the- oth^r
thing.,: i .. ' i'r : •:;, ,;-¦ .' : ¦ .^-?? r;::
' " 'Sornowt-Ivhope iyou-.won'tvgo5off
with the '. idea -in your head • that i I!m > a
lonely old maid; 1 you've ifollowed.
what Tve been tellinVyou.II think I've
shown* you-that .I'm; not -lonely "an* ; I'm
not* that'-kindl';^*- 1 --'.'„*> ¦'-*• ; "" p • "-:¦ \V< %
•¦ !' Just 1 then i he £ broke* In-, to" say«some
thin' -Ididn't : auite:catch.*. ":,.*¦> -
can drive up beside us: then we can
visit all the way to the picnic. We
won't meet : nobody, an' it's easy to pull,
out if we do. 1
' ? "An' ; we drove on to the . picnic
ground,.'a-visltln'. away as fast as we
could talk, me an* Tom White. { Tom's
wife never was much of a- talker.
V "After, dinner i when we ,was settln*
'round. visitin', Jim .. suggested we take
a walk-up the ravine, j I remember just
what I' said to v him an* everything
about it. . - t " ..
" ?N?w. what do you want to walk up
that old .ravine, for? gj Must think 'you're
young again, , to 'go clirhbin' over those
rocks. : You've . never been there ? -Why,
that's :> - so,*- you moved * here' after you
wasimarrled; didn't! you? Well,' you'd
have been { there j if iyou was , raised
around 'here. All the.young folks goes.
It's- -the " worst ,• place, -or ; best place
(acc,prdln'i to how you look at'it) for
engagements; that;, ever" I * J heard : of.
Why," I- remember one f %picnlc- where
there iwere either; seven or. eight ravine
engagements,? an* all turned- out pretty
.well,' too.- , Oh." yes, s I s'pose I might as
well ; show • you ; the * ravine. - Folks will
easy now.'. I was -Tausy wrappin' up
hi3 ankle for some little w.hile an* when
I got done (I'd been doin' some thinkin*
too). I says real 'Slow. *Do you know.
Jim, if I hadn't told you ; I wouldn't
marry you, I'd almost change my
mind?' He said somethin' I couldn't
catch. 'What d'you say? .You put on
the best pair of socks you ' had ? Well,
Jim, if you think you can stand; it to
wear | whole socks an' - to carry han'k'
chief s • that ain't • rags, .why— well, .you
can tell your. boys, when, you take 'em
that cake, that they might just as 'well
begin "to get used to ray cobkin'. '" ;
CHAPTER II. v
t The Wcddin' Trip.
"Why,; come rights in. and take. off
your things. 1 1 haven't seen you since
before I, was married.- I guess you was
theonly one outside of the family that
knew -I 'was going* to be. * Set down.
do.'~ What's 'that? .Came over to near
about the weddin'- trip? Well, .there
ain't \ much to ! tell,- but \ I'll tell ' you
what; there Is. .:
"You. know, the day -we went .to the
..• HSBBfiRfl ' a'
•* *I don't s'pose you ever thought
about it, but do you know the reason
why .' there's - so many unhappy mar
riages? It's all because the folks don't
think beforehand, an' one of the "old
znaid** kind marries another of ' the
game " kind, an* of course they: can't
get along together. Or two "widows"
marries, an* they mighty • soon get
tired of each other's *pala.very -.ways.
But you won't never find an unhappy
marriage when two of the *^rnen an*
women" kind gets married. *A ; "widow"
en* one of the "old maid** kind' may
get along all rigftt together, » but you
}ttin one of .the, other, kinds,; an*.- there's
«are to be a pretty hard time for -the
"An* then, when I was started, I
lcep* right on. I don't remember Jes*
exactly what I told him, but I'll tell
you as near as I can.
a a * n YO,' I 6ays, 'I won't marry
|\| y°u.' Then I went on, *I
I e'pose you think that I'm
V a lonely old "maid, an'
you're only askin* me to
carry you out of your kindness of
heart.' He started to say somethin',
but I says, 'Now don't interrupt me.
You'v e had your say an* now I'll tell
you a thlnsr or two. If you think I'm
mistaken I guess ni have to tell you
first what an old maid Is. Then 111 tell
you sonietbln' about loneliness an' be
ia' lonely, an* I guess you'll change
your m'nd about me bein' one of that
kind.
" "An old maid Is any livin* thing,
male or female, human cr horse, cat,
pig, or chicken, that's so finicky, so
p'ticular about some one little thing
that don't really amount to much, that
he don't pay no attention to some of
the really important things of life.
Take thu.t cat out there on the fence. I
always call her cy "old maid" cat.
She'll set an' wash her face by the
hour while her five kittens is as thin
an* hunsry-lookin* as rails. If she'd
cet out an' hustle, I'd be inclined to
respect her an' I'd drown some of the
kittens to help her out. but goodness,
thinks I, "God help them that won't
help themselves." I won't help 'em.
An' I've got a hen that takes so long to
find a. place to make her nest that she
don't get time to lay no egss. Then
there's neighbor— well. I won't name
no names — but he's the worst "old
maid" I ever see. He spends all his
time keepin* his fence an' front of his
barn an' house lookin' fine so's folk3
•will say how smart he is, but you ought
to Eee the weeds back of his barn.
Guess he thinks it saves plantin' a
willow windbreak back there. Now
they're good samples of the real "old
maid." So you see that Just not bein'
married don't maka a body an "oil
maid." Why, it's born in 'en. As the
book says, "Some folks is born old
maids, some is born widows, an' some
few." mighty few, I'll tell you, "is
born meD an' women." I doa't under
take to explain that about the "wi
dows," but I guess it means that just
as some folks is born so awful finicky
(them's the "old maids"), so others is
born kind o' paiavery. an' soft-saw
dery. a-n' always shinin' up to people.
Them's the "widows." Not that I'd
e&y anything against real widows.
There's some that's all right, but when
you stop to think about it. them few is
the kind that's born "men an' wo
men." '
A Lonely Old Maid
CHAPTER I.
one that's "men an* women" kind.
The '"old maid" or the "widow" : can
stand it.
. " "Now I'm s'prised that you didn't
tell me you. loved me. All the others
did. An* some of 'em swore I was
the first one they •ever .loved,- an' one
or two of 'em had been married for.
twenty years, too, when their, wives
died. Well, .thank goodness, that
shows you ain't the "widow" kind.
An' you never said anything 1 about me
bein' the only one that could take hold'
of your two boys, an' straighten 'em.
out. That's another proof that ¦ you .
ain't' the "widow" kind. .
"New, let's see if you're " the "old
maid" kind. "Old maid" men. when
they go sparkin', shine their shoes an'
grease their hair, an'- get fresh shaved,
an', buy a new buggy, an' tie ribbons
on the whip, an* all the time there's
buttons off their vests, an', the harness
is tied up with string: on the off side
where the sparkee can't see it, an'
their shoes ain't shined at the heels, an'
their necktie's pinned together, an' lots
of little things like that. . Now, I can't
accuse you of any of these^ things, for
you look just like, you did' when your
wife was alive, shoes never even" 'iled,
shaved -once on an' election "bet, same*
oJd buggy that ain't been washed since,
the Jbig rain* at- campmeetin', - hazel
switch for. a whip, an'.- so on. < Well, I'm
slad you ain't the "old* maid" . kind.
I'm conceity enough to think I'm one
of the" "men" ah' women" 'kind," an' I
won't so much as think of -marryin'
one of the other kinds. No, I . ain'tr
thinkin" of marryla' • you. You 'seem,
to be one of the "men an'! women",
kind, too," but I told you I wouldn't
an' rm\ goin" to stick to. it/
"Now I'm goin' to' say" a little about
loneliness. Yes; I know I'm talkin' a
good deal, but you see • what yoa'd
have to stand -if I married .-you* I
"The Second 3Irs. Jim," by
Stephen Conrad, presents the
mother-in-law in a new lizht.
The Second Sirs. Jim is a some
ntst unusual type for fiction,
but her out and out fun and
her threwd. kindly, sweet na
ture will cire her at once a
hl~h rank as a funmaker. en
tertainer and homely philoso
pher.
-. " 'There' j rc-mes ' Tom "." White's team
behind ;us. Jrive slow, so't . I ccn talk
with/ his folks.. Oh, I. can talk with you
most' any- time." seems like. Say, . you
drive on one side of the road,- so Tom
" *I guess"; the. old cow ..won't- pet into
.the '.garden - while (I'm gbnc^ VI do hate
fixIbV.the"*': fences > when i she .does break
.through.i 6O.U>put ; it*, oft* till she eats
everything' I've gothv You've ir gfct a
ydodfgarden?"' What's that-to/.me? Do
you-'want^me ,tii set out' an'.- walk ?.
. V.'V'Xow,'; I'm ready to start. Did the
boys like ' the cookies? I made an ex
try'cake' when I" was 'bakin' for the
pienfe, you can^take. to 'em when you
go home. What's that? Seem to like
my /cpokin'. do they? Well, anybody'd
like*somethin*,to eat after bein' starved
like Vourvboys/ls,.an' without anybody
to care for 'em/>. When your first wife
cooked so ¦ nice, ~ too, *an* then for them
to come down : to ; hired .man's cc-okin'.
AriVitheir, pa off galUvaritin*. "round to
picnics! an' /such, so, they don't get no
ca're',tohome v i No,; I won't marry you,
an'' If 'you ; . say .another word about it
before. we get home .to-night, I'll set
out.an'vwalk. : " -; -. - . . -
.•\*What'S' that? "• Oh, will I go to the
picnic- * next . Wednesday with you?
Well, now, '•¦ don't it seem to you, that
after vl've give you the 1 mitten you'd
better riot. waste any more time on me?
¦Time flies, you know. Hadn't you bet
ter tie- ribbons on 'your ' whip— your
: switch; I mean? There's lots of nice
girls; that won't get to go to that.pic
nic so: you'll have plenty to pick from.
; You won't,y : eh? .Well;" I'll go , then.
Come yearly.',. ' ,;
• ". 'On.-. don't you want 'to take-some
"to" those boys of yours? No,
want them to g«t used to
¦my'tcopkin*. I didn't' know you had
spurik. ; enough to r think of that. You're
¦more the "men an' women" kind than I
. thought. > No, ;l'won't think it : over.
vAn*. you^ needn't < plan to "pop", : again
next .Wednesday. What's f that? You
won't^come unless you can? ¦ Well,
you ''needn't -come, then. It'll save roe
gettlriVthe" dinner ready.- You're comin'
•anyhow, 'cause: I .promised, be you?
Well,':i : won't go. . Cbmin* anyhow, be
'you ? ; .-.Well,*, if . you- come. come, early.' -
.. :^'On Wednesday .morning "I hadn't
hardly got my work done up~ when he
•drove- up. I'll tell you what I said, for
"s?omefway:l: remember pretty well
;" everything that' was said and hap
• pened that day.- •
V'-'VLand^sakes. you did come early?
Why, I haven't got the work half done
' t up yet. How's the boys? In mischief,
-as" usual, I s'pose.. Only thing I can see
to do is to hustle 'round an!
¦gretVsome fc-ol girl to marry -you. I'm
sorry I told you about the "old maids"
- an' * the "widows," though, * for I'm
\ afraid* it'll make you too. p'ticular.
4 Well. -it's too late now. No, you
.Tp^edn't- hitch your horse. I'll be right
\ out. S ; ; '¦*..{' '¦/'.¦-¦'".:[¦ • :
' "As - soon * as we was started. I told
the boys 9 they'd"' better [ take off their
coats, -an 1 "shoes -Jan r * stockln's. There
wa'n't any > use of ; their sufferln' all
day. They'd -suffer enough when they
got to 1 town" with their shoes on. So
they • besan - to ; feel • a little* more ' com-
"He kicked a little at first, but I
made him practice till he could say all
I told him just as if he thought of it
himself. -I told him, 'Don't you let the
boys know but what you thought of,
the whole thing yourself. I know you
wouldn't have thought of takin* the
boys, but let 'em think you did. There
aiq't no reason why the children
should be left at home alone all day,
plannin* mean things to do, an' doin'
'em, while their pa is off gettln' mar
ried. I believe in takln' 'em along an'
makin' 'em have so good a time that
they'll look back on the day that their
stepmother comes as the beginnin' of
the best time they ever had In all
their lives. You can tell 'em not to
say- nothin* about It. an* If they keep
still/ then nobody won't stuff their
heads full of nonsense about step
mothers.' Seem's if some folks don't
have nothing better, to do than .try ¦ to
make other ' folks' children unhappy,
any way. The only reason why step
mothers is hated so Is . just 'causa
gran'mothers an' hired; men. an" help
an' ; all . the others -without nothin' else
to. think about stuff ..the youngsters'
heads' full of yarns. An' I told him as
be drove off: 'Now, there ain't no rea
son why you should come here again
until the mornin' of circus ' day. I'll
have enough to do packin" my stuff.
An* don't bother about the dinner.
I'll see to that. Be here early "cause
it's a long ride to town, an* we want to
get married before the parade comes
01T so'3 to have that off our minds.'
He kind o" kicked on not comln', but
I'd set my mind on it. an' so he
agreed.
"I'd seen enough of stepmothers an"
boys in my time to know that I wasn't
goin' to. have them boys feel toward
me the way some boys does toward
stepmothers. If they're handled right,
from the start, they can't help but
come out right, an' I made up my mind
that I'd do my best to handle 'em
r'ght. I was sure Jim wouldn't inter
fere, 'cause he said he was goin' to
kind o* leave the boys to me. They'd
had a little too much ,'pa' durin' the
last year an* a half. An' I went into
the thing with my eyes wide open. I
knew if Jim tackled 'em Sunday after
noon after they'd finished that fried
chicken, about bein* married, that
they'd agree, an* it's lcrts easier on tha
father to say nothin* of the step
mother when the children ain't raisin*
objections. Then I depended on the
circus to do the rest. Jim said they
hadn't ever been to one. an' I kind o'
wanted to see it myself, so I didn't
see why all of us couldn't see it to
gether. An* I thought it no raore'n fair
that the boys should have a chance to
see their 'pa' married." Then besides.
everybody knows that If you really
want to get to know a couple of boys,
all you have to do i3 to take 'em to
the circus, or county fair, or anything
of the- kind that's handy. I knew I'd
know , enough more about them boya
after that day was over to more than
pay for takln' 'em. an' knowin' is the
biggest part of raisin', as you'll find
with anything, turkeys, or chickens, or
boys.' . ' ; '
"On the day of the circus, about half
past seven, the three drove up in a
two-seated buggy that Jim borrowed
for the day. The boys was fixed up so
they looked pretty good, an* they was
so uncomfortable they could hardly set
still, for they had on their heavy
woolen suits, an' stiff shoes, for tha
first time In months. I guess. The
boys didn't get out, but Jim came in
an' carried out the big 1 basket of lunch
an' dinner I had already, an' then I
went over the old house just to look
at it for the last time. Ev'rythins
looked kind o* bare, an* the boxes an*
barrels ¦ made the rcorr.s look kind o'
different, but I wanted to say 'Good-by*
to the place just the- same. Then we
went out an* Jim says to the boys,
'She's the one that's goin* to be your
ma.' I'd told him not to use the word
'mother* to the boys, 'cause maybe
they might want to think of me as
their 'ma.' an* of their dead mother as
•mother." • an" there wa'n't no use in
mlxin* 'em right at the*start- I knew
beforehand which was which of the
boys, Jimmie the' oldest,, an* Frankle
the 'Other. I didn't want either of the
boys to ride? in the seat •' with' me.
'cause it would, spoil his whole ride, so
I says- to ¦ Jim. 'Hadn't you better ride
in the back* seat with me. an' let Jim
mie drive? Then we! can talk better."
I- knew the boy was achln* to show off
how well he could drive, an* I knew by
the way he held the lines that he knew
just 'what he was doln'.' Jim always
drives a -good team.' I s' pose he wants
a team that can make up for the time
' he loses .with, his slowness.
picnic when Jim sprained his ankle or
didn't sprain it. I don't know' which,
an* dasn't ask him for fear he'll think
he was clever enough to fool me^ well,
that day was Wednesday, an' when
Jim begin talkin' about our betn' mar
ried I told him I'd marry him two
weeks from the next Saturday, an' that
would give me time to pack up my
stuff, an' give him time to tell hi3
boys, an' to let the hired man off for
a few days. It was Just as well not
to have him around to put the boys
up to- meanness an' to* stir up the
neighbor .boys to shivaree us. So I
told Jim to be sure not to tell him at
alL An* then, too, the weddin' would
come at a time when it wouldn't in
terfere with the farm work. "As to>
tellln* the boys, I asked Jim to stop at
my house when he went to town the
next Saturday, but not to say nothin'
to the boys about me till after that.
"On Saturday he stopped an* I
packed up a fried chicken I had ready
an* some cake. I didn't send the cake
the day of the picnic Forgot all about
it. An' I had some rreserves an*
seme other things in the basket. An' 1
says to Jim. 'Now to-morrow is Sun
day. The hired man will be away for
the day. Now just set this stuff be
fore the boys, an' I guess they'll en
joy it. Then you tell 'em that the
woman that you're goin' to marry sent
that cockln* for them to try. They're
old enough now to have things like
that talked over with 'em. Then
you can go on an' tell 'era that you're
goin' to get married on Saturday the
week after next, an' that you're gotn*
to take them an' me tc town, an' you
an* I'll be married first an' then we'll
all ko to the circus.'
. "I didn't hear a thins, so I slid right
dow'n where he was, over brush an'
rook, an' all. Then I say3, 'Now, I'm
down here, can't you speak? Thank
goodness, you can talk. Now, where
are you hurt? What is it? Talk
louder. Oh, don't you dare to go an'
faint. HeTe, this cold water will bring
you round. It's the only han'k'chief
I've got with me, but I dc-n't care.' He
muttered something. 'What? Your
ankle? Now, how am I ever to get you
oat of here? Well; if you ain't an ex
asperatln' man, takin'a woman to walk
up the ravine, an* then fallin* over the
cliff an' sprainin' your" ankle! Here,
stand ¦ up! You're shammln'! Now
walk!' He tried tc an* nearly fell
over. I cried out, 'Oh-h-h. don't look
like that! Does it hurt that bad? Give
me your knife. I'll cut your shoe! Is
that .better?; -Here, wait V a minute.
Give .me" your han'k'chief. . Is that all
the han'k'chief you've got- with. -you?
That ain't a han'k'chief at all-VAn*
your sock! Why, you'll have corns an*
blood-poison, an*;I don't know what ; all
'the' matter with you. - JWearln*" socks
that ain't got either, heels 01-.I toes!
Well, if yo'u gc-'.'iouma like this," goin*
¦ to picnics, too, with such lookln* socks
an' han'k'chiefs, what; must your, poor
boys have to stand? An' they'll have
corns all their lives If their feet ain't
"I was talkin' away as fast as I
could to keep him from proppsin", for
I knew he was goln* to. when he
slipped an' went right down out of
sight. I yelled, 'Oh-h-h.' Jim. what's
the matter? Are ycru hurt? I told
you to look out for rollin' stones. How
can' I get down to help you? Why
don't you answer?' ... . .
" 'Here's the place where the paths
divide. Well take the' middle one.
Don't many -take that, 'cause the rocks
is so rough. . But you can help me.- I
want to show you the little waterfall.
Most folks that come up here don't see
that. They, turn off ' on . one of the
other paths. Look out '' for . roilin'
stones. This is a bad place, but you
would come. I remember the first time
I came up here I didn't see the water
fall. Didn't know there was one till
I'd been up here a dozen times, I guess.
An*. I must have seen ; the waterfall
about a dozen times since that. It's an
awful pretty place, all water, an' moss,
an* ferns, an' greenery. An' it's too
cold fc-r snakes. There's lots of snakes
on the other paths. That's why there's
so many engagements. *The girl sees a
snake, an' the man- kills it, an' cut3 off
the rattles for her. It works sure. Al
ways fetches the girl.* .
talk.- though- An* I walk home to
night if you say a" -word about-"pop
pin'," remember . that. - How many
times have I been up the ravine? X
don't know. I don't keep a notched
stick. Most always went. up with some
one of the "old maid" or "widow"
kind, though.
The Sunday Call Magazine
THE W SECOND MRS. JIMto, bo the old man got more work out
o* him than if he was s'pdsed to be
workin*. ;Ah'I guess the old man got
so he couldn't see quite so sharp when
he found the boy was really workin'.
But anyway he kept up the thrashin'
.long enough so Joe turned out one of
the best workers I ever see an' he's
got just, about the best lookin* farm
around the whole country now. I don't
knew. whether he keeps to his father's
way of bringin' up boys or not, but
he's . got a big family of 'em.
"Well, I told Jim this an' he agreed
to let me have my way an', so far as
I can see, it came out all right, for
habits is like horses. Them that others
breaks for you ain't half so well broke
R" em you break for yourself."
.CHAPTER IV.
A' Cure for Strikes.
iod. mornin'. Thought I'd Just
in an* set an' visit awhile. Jim had
to come to town to stay all day an' the
boys is off to school, so I didn't have
nobody, to talk to, nor much work to
do.: Work? Why, I've got it all ar
ranged so my work ain't very, heavy.
We don't keep* a girl, but the hired
man's gone now an' there's Just four
of us to cook for. An* the boys helps.
Goodness, yes. \ Before we was mar
ried, Jim an' I \ talked it over. Yes,
I s'pose I did do most of the talkin',
but, anyway, we agreed that the boys
was to help in the house all they could
when we didn't have a hired girl. Jim
said- they wouldri't, but gracious, Jim
don't know* his own boys well enough
to know what they'll do an* what they
won't do. I . never have any trouble
gettln* 'em to do things. So now they're
lots of help.
"I tell you It pays to start right when
you're gettin' married. That's ; one
trouble with gettin' . married young,
'specially for glrlsl They don't know
what they want, nor how to get It If
they do know. But you take a middle
aged woman an* let her get married an*
she's a mighty poorstick- If she don't
. know Just what, she -wants an* get it.
I'll admit "there's/ one advantage in
gettin' married young.- If you're goln'
to be r* happy you'll be happy lots
longer, but then, there's this disadvan
tage, if you ain't goin' to be .happy,
you've, got that much 'more time .to be
miserable In.,' But when you get mar
ried at middle age, if you're goln' to be
happy, you. can be twice as happy,
'cause you know • better how to be
happy- an* you know enough to have
an -easier time 1 , an* If you ain't goln'
to, be happy you won't be quite so
miserable as If you didn't know how to
have an easy time an' you won't be
miserable , so long.
"Yes, I set the. boys to work the first
day. after I came. I told Jimmie he
could help with the dishes an' cookin'
mornin's an' noons the first week an'
Frankie would help at night an' they
could * turn it about the next week.
First thing Jimmie said, 'Why, I never
helped cook In. my life an* I don't like
to wash dishes.'' 'Well,', said I, 'who's
goln* \\xt do > the '• cookin' an' washin'
dishes when you • boys goes campln'
over to the lake?' Now the boys had
never; been" an' I knew, they was Just
crazy to go^ 'Oh, .ma,' they says, -'can
we go? Goody!'. It was a.day's ride to
the lake an* they couldn't ketch nbthln*
when they did get there, . but gome of
the older boys of the neighborhood had
been several years before an' the younjj
a body can't break a habit himself. I
ain't a-goln".to break it for, him. Oh,
yes, I'll do what I can to help him,
but I won't"' go so, far aa to do the
breakin*.
'.'"Well,. I. smelled, t'bacco; on Frankie's
clo'es one day. an* I knew the time had
come. So that night just before sup
per, .when* he came runnln' in from the"
barn,, I happened to be; In the butt'ry,
so he didn't see. me, an* he spied a,
kittle over the stove, b'ilin' away .with
the cover tight down over it; I wasn't
lookin', so Frankie ups an" lifts the
cover an' sticks his nose I down /.to smell."
Now., of course, I might have put up a
sign,, 'This Here Stuff Is T'bacco, Bein'
Boiled, for Sheep T Dlp.\ but. I didn't
think It was necessary to advertise the
1 actir an' besides, them that keeps thelf
noses out of narrow cracks don't usual
ly get 'em pinched. But Frankie cer
tainly.; got his pinched, or . worse, for
when I come out of that butt'ry, there
he laid oh the floor, with; his eyes
shut, a-hollerin* at the top of his lungs.
I got him fixed up, so his eyes quit
smartln'. but by that time the t'bacco
steam began to get In; its work ah* ihe
was ; Blcker*n ; ever. Jimmle was. ; - Both
of ,'em got the. dose on empty stomachs,
too, 'so v they got 1 It for keeps. You
know desperltV diseases needs desperit'
remedies. \ .
, VSo, I've been a-chucklin' to myself
ever sincer * thinklh' how- them boys
have saved V me ; all the worry about
their; ever gettin 1 - to usin* t'bacco. Why,
they're, .worse ..than Jim, now. They
can't !eyen ride; to, to'wn behind a man
that's ;smoklh' % without bein' sick.
"You know, when r I first said some
thin* to "Jim ¦'¦ about their beginnin' to
smoke, he - says, : \ "Well, I'll < thrash It
out of \ 'eni. iTou just ! let me ketch 'em
usih* thejBtuff.an' I'll fix 'em.' 'Thrash
nothin',' says I, an' I ups an* tells him
'. about"'- anY" old; neighbor of ours years
-ago .that didn't believe "in thrashin*.
He said ' that there wasn't a thing in
this world that thrashl n' /was good for
but Just \ to make young : ones 'go an*
do again the thing they - was bein'
thrashed" for; doin'. ¦ This ;old man had
so tired an* excited. An' I could almost
guess what his dreams was, for my
head was runnln' over full of pink an*
green girls, an* big bears, an' weddin'
rings. an cute little dogs, an' bands,
an 1 'Get your concert tickets,* an*
-Lemo, lemo, ice-cold lemo!* After
awhile Jimmie dozed off, an' we drove
on In quiet. The teams ahead an' be
hind turned off, one by one, an* soon
we was left alone on the road. I was
half dozln* myself as I hugged Frankie
up close to me, an' Jim was noddln* on
the front seat
"At last, the horses turned out, an'
stopped in front of a gate. Jim
climbed out, • wakin* Jimmie in doln*
so, an* we drove up to a house. Jlra
got out again, handed the lines to Jim£
tnie, an' said, 'Hold 'em. I'll be out in
a minute.' He lifted Frankie down, an'
the boy waked up as his feet struck
the ground. Then Jim unlocked the
door, an', scratchln* a match, lit th»
lamp. Frankie. came In with me. an'
with his eyes about half shut, started
for the stairs. As he opened the door,
he said, 'Good night, ma;' then I
heard him stumblln* up the steps.
"I dropped into ,a rockln'-chair, for
I was dead tired. It's no small day's
work for a woman of my age to ride
twenty-five miles, get married, an* go
to the circus all in one day.
"Pretty soon Jimmle came In Just
ahead of his pa, an* dropped his shoes
In the corner, threw his hat oh a chair
an' with the words, 'Goo' night, pa,
goo* night, ma,' he stumbled up the
stairs after Frankie. Then Jim came in
an' dropped Into a chair, an' pulled off
his shoes. 'Well, I guess our weddln'
trlp's over,' he says."
CHAPTER IU»
••Desperit Remedies.
"Well," well, I'm glad to see you.
Come right In an* take off your things.
You're lookin' pretty. well. Seems like
I ain't seen nobody for weeks. Just
the boys an' Jim to talk to, now the
hired man's gone. An* the. boys ain't
been Just the most happy folks the
last while. They've been feelin* kind
o* sick. What's the matter? Oh.
nothin* serious. But I've been settln'
here chucklln' to myself Just thlnkln*
how Ihe two o* 'em got their come-up
pance. You know when I came. here
when we was married! . the , boys
(they're fourteen an' twelve), seemed to
feel all right toward me, ! an* called me
"Ma,' an' I liked 'em real welL But you
see while Jim didn't have nobody but
hired men around, the boys had been
kind o* neglected, an* I noticed some
thin*-was up soon's I come here.
"Pretty 'soon, one day I smelled
fbaCcoon JImmle's clo'es. The hired
man wasn't 'here then and the boy
hadn't been off to . the neighbors,
though one or two of . the neighbors'
boys had been over here, an* Jim don't
smoke,, so I knew Jimmle was begln
nin'. : Well, 'I don't know' as you knew
it, but I hate t'bacco. You knew it.
lie, you say? No, not that. It was to
have t'bacco smoke blowed in my ear.
Now Jim don't smoke. He can't stand
the stuff. He got too much once when
he was little.
"Right while I was in the midst of
it came a rap on the door, an* thlnk3 I
to myself, 'There's one^ of those old
peddlers. All week when I've wanted
some new tins they haven't showed
themselves an' now -when I don't want
nobody around an' 'specially when I
don't want nobody to come in that can
smoke, I'll bet he's come.* But It was
JUBt a little neighbor girl come over to
borrow somethin'. • v
"I kept a-settln* there a-howlin* an*
moanin', an* sayin'. 'I wish there was
a man around this place. Nobody to
smoke when I get the earache, an* it's
the only thine that'll cure* it If I only
had a pipe— but, no, I can't j blow in
my own ear, can I? What am I «oin' ;<
to do?* An* • I kept on cryln' ran*
moanin'. Jim offered to " go f or v the
doctor," but I wouldn't' hear to it, an*
began scoldin* about how next time I
got married I was goln' to 1 marry a
man, an* not an old, granny that was
•fraid to smoke for fear of smellin' his
breath up. •
"Pretty soon I see Jimmy tryin' to
screw up courage to Bay somethin', an'
I says, 'What Is it, Jimmle? j What was
you goin*« to say?* He looked- kind o'^
Bldeways at his pa an' says, 'I got a
pipe, but I ain't got no t'bacco.' •'•Well;
you skip out in the woodshed)' 1 says JU
'an*' you'll find a bag of t'bacco hangln*
on the, rafters, . .the. middle . one. •' "I
brought It along for sheep-dip.*
"In a "minute he comes back with the
bag an' a corncob pipe he'd bought off
the hired man. The t'bacco I'd smelled
on his 'clo'es didn't smell as if 'twere
very strong, an' I. thought" he must
have .got hold of . something mlld. : But
there wa'n't nothin* mild about trl*
still* I had out there'in- the' woodshed.
It smelled. like burnih' rubber an" ol'
boots an'.shoein* horses. I wrapped
my head up tight, except just the one
ear, so's ;I couldn't smell the awful
stuff ah' Jimmy started out bravely,
but I wasn't.relleved till' I saw that
the boy was gettin' all he could stand,
an" just a little more. Then I {came
'round pretty- quick: an' flew 'round an",
got the supper an' called 'em In. They'd
gone out to N do the 'chores then. • But
Jimmy' didn't comeJ What was the
matter, you say? Oh, I knew what was
the matter with him,- an' ; soon as I
could, I started oiit to find him.
"I found him In the barn,' doubled up
on a pile of sacks. ' '¦ He'. -'didn't have
strength enough to tell me, to go away,
but I knew he, /wanted to. It '.wasn't
dark yet, so I could still see what i he
looked like. An* I j knew' by his .looks
that the earache wasn't the only thins
that t'bacco had .-cured. I .'never* see
such a lookin*' boy. .; You , know, how
those copper-colored .•,:. freckles • of his
would look on ' > a , kind '• -. o* olive-green
background. * You've heard', of . . people
turnln 1 . green with envy. Well/Jlm
mie's wasn't envy.- . - • ¦ -
half he' had .was mine an* I wasn't"
goin' to skimp myself an* try to get
along on the butter an' egg money like
so many women do.
"That's another -trouble with gettin'
married young. The poor girls know
how hard up they be an' that both of
•em have to skimp an' save all they
can, an* so the fool wife does the house
work, an* makes the butter, an* tends
the garden, an* maybe feeds the pigs,
an' always gather the eggs, an' take3
care of the chickens an' turkeys, an*
picks the fruit an' cans it, an' maybe
helps milk, an' cuts an* husks corn, all
so's to save money, an' how iruch does
her husband skimp himself? He has a
hired man to help him, an* for his wife
to do the cookin' an' washin' for, an*
he works fourteen or sixteen hours a
day. An* he always has money to
spend when he goes to town. But his
wife! How much money does she get
to spend? Just what comes from the
butter an* eggs, an* that she takes to
run the house on. Instead of turnln*
that money into the common fund an*
then drawin" out what she needs, she
gets along on that little egg an" butter
money an* the man gets into the bad
habit of thinkln* that's all she needs.
So it comes harder an' harder to get
anything more than that out of him.
An* by an' by when the children come
there's the children's clo'es, an* her
own, on* dozens of other things, all to
come out of that egg an" butter money.
Well, you've seen so many cases just
that way that I don't need to tell you
about 'em.
"Now I made up my mind that I
wasn't goln' to depend on the egg an*
butter money. That was goln* into the
common fund an* the household ex
penses was comin' out of that same
fund. Oh, it was new for Jim, but you
know there's two times to get a man
to agree to things, an' of course, after
he's agreed to 'em, it's a poor stick of
a woman -that can't make him hold to
'em. One of the two times Is when
he's just married. That does for young
married men. The other time's when
he's courtin*. That's the time to get
things out of widowers. So Jim an' I
¦understood Just how things was goln*
to be run before I even set the day.
I told him that when I said what he
should plant on the 'hill forty,* or the
'corner eighty,' he could tell me how to
run things In the house, an* not before.
Henpeckin' him? Not much! An"
besides, If a man is henpecked right he
don't know It an' thinks it's fun.
"Yes, both the boys la in school now.
You thought Jimmle wasn't? Oh, that
didn't last long. Come school time last
month an* Jimmle said he wasn't goln*
to - school. Just had. a girl for school
teacher an* he'd stay out an' help
"round the farm an' then go the winter
term. So Frankie went alone the first
day. The next day was rainy an*
Frankie started out alone. Soon's the
breakfast dishes was cleared up I says
to Jimmle, 'I'm glad it's rainin' to-day.
You can't do anything outdoors, an* I
want you to help me.' It was just
pourln', but Jim had to go to town on
business an' so we was left alone. We
started upstairs to that big room over
the kitchen, you know. It had been
used for a storeroom, an* my plan was
to clean that We moved everything
out an* then we started to scrubbin",
down on' our hands an* knees. Queer
time to scrub, you say? Oh, we never
used to go In there, so It wouldn't get
tracked up, an* I says to Jlmmia.
fortable, an* I noticed, though I didn't
Jet them know I did, how they'd turn
around an* look at me. I didn't blame
*em. I was jjoin\ to study them that
day, why shouldn't they' study me?
If you've got to live all the time In the
same house with folks, it's Just as well
to know all you can about 'em.
"Pretty soon I opened up the basket
yf 1-uneh. I knew they hadn't had
much to cat at home ¦ that mornin"
Ciufo Jim couldn't cook very well, an*
besides they hadn't had time. An* I
ihousrht they'd better eat now while
they was on the road 'cause there'd be
too much to see after they got to town.
They eat as if they hadn't had a thing
since the chicken I sent 'em. -
"The eircus was at the county-seat,
.\n' I don't believe that either one of
ihe boys had ever been to the place.
Ml the town they knew was Just the
:tt!e village three or four miles away
rrom their home.
"There was Just crowds comin' in
from all directions, so the road got
pretty crowded, but there'd been a rain
the night before so the dust was laid,
an* we made good time.
"After awhile we got to town an'
drove up in front of a store. Jim
wanted to get somethin' before we was
married. I don't know -what, the ring,
maybe. We left the boys settin 1 in
the buggy, an* went into the store.
Thry ha<J plenty to see. an' Jimmie
had his hands full w&tchln' out for the
team. When we got Into the store,
Jim said he wanted to go an* get
Ehaved, but I says. 'No. eir. we ain't
sroin' to wait for that. If you can go
all the time without bein' Ehaved or
havin' your whiskers trimmed, you can
get married without. It's pretty near
time for the parade, an* we'll just
have time to get married before that.
I don't want the boys to miss a thing
that they can possibly see to-day.' I
was glad he didn't say anything while
we was in the buggy about bein'
shaved, 'cause it's just ae well that the
boys shouldn't know how their pa
has to have things said to him once
in awhile. It kind o' keeps their re
spect for him. don't you think?
"The circus was to be at the fair
grounds, an' the minister we went to
lived up that way, so we drove right
up there, an' was married, just the
minister an' his wife an* daughter an'
the two boys bein" there. Then they
asked us to stay there at their house
an' watch the parade from their
porch. It was a mighty good place,
'cause the whole thing had to pass
right by, an' we watched it till it all
got past, then we went over on the
other side of the block an' watched it
come back. I never see Jwo boys en-
Joy anything more than they did that.
We had hitched the team in the min
ister's yard, an' after the parade we
drove up to where the circus tents
was up, to see the man walk the tight
wire, an' to see the girl go up in the
balloon. I thought the boys would go
up, too, an* when we drove over in the
shade of the trees by the fair-ground
fence to eat dinner they couldn't any
more eat than they could £y. I made
'em try, an' when they got done there
was sume more of a hole In the big
basket of lunch I'd brought. Jim had
bargained with the minister to put the
team in his barn, so after we'd finished
eatln', he drove off with the team an'
the two boys. I knew they'd rather be
with him, an' I waited at the gate for
'em to come back. They got back
pretty soon, for we wanted to see
everything, beglnnin* a* the sideshow,
an' takin" the rest In order. We was
about the first to go into the side
show, an' we stayed there till we heard
the man callln', 'Menagerie now open
in the big tent* Then we went in to
tee the animals, an' stayed there till
almost time for the show to commence
In the ring. I had told Jim to get re
served seats when we was downtown,
bo we had plenty of time an' no hurry-
In*, an* 'twas worth all it cost extry.
I thought we all might as well be com
fortable, bein' it was the boys' first
circus an* my weddin* day. We Just
got into our seats when the show be
gan. Jim sat on one end of the row,
with Jimmie next to him, an* Frankie
next to me. They hadn't found time to
say much to anybody, either Jim or
me, their mouths was open so much of
the time. I had 'em leave their coats
in the buggy, 'cause it was so hot, but
they had to have their shoes on to
keep from bein' hurt when they was
stepped on. So they was fairly com
fortable.
"We all enjoyed the show. It was the
firet big one I'd ever seen, an' Jim was
kind o" gettin' acquainted with his
boys a little. He seemed kind o'
su'prtned to hear some of the things
Jimmle could tell about the animals in
the menagerie. Read 'em In a book at
school, an' remembered 'em, too. I
thought the boys would split laugbln'
at the clowns, an* I'd set an' watch
the boys half the time, an* Jim some,
an* the show the rest. I see pretty
near everything, but It looked kind o*
different lcokln' at It from the stand
point of a stepmother with two boys
to raise.
"Finally, when the trained dogs come
on, Frankie could hardly stand It I
was lookin* at somethln' goln* on irj
one rlng.-an* Jimmie was talkin' to his
pa, so Frankie, when he see them little
dogs on the platform In front of him,
he says, 'Just look at 'em, Jimmle,' but
Jiinmie was busy, so he turns to me,
'Just lock at 'em.' I was busy lookin'
at somethin' else, so he grabs my hand
an' says, 'Just leek at them dogs, ma.'
That brought me to, an* I turned to
ward him, but I see he'd noticed what
he'd said, an* looked kind o' sheepish,
and didn't look at me, so I pretended
not to notice what he'd said, an* pretty
soon he felt all right again. In a min
ute it slipped out again when he see
he dogs tumblin* an* thought I didn't
ce 'em. I was too busy lookin' at the
: iv.g at my end of the tent but I beard
!Um when he called me that An' after
:hat it Eeemed to come as natural to
::irn as you please.
"After whlle^the men come 'round an'
¦was sellin* tickets for the concert after
ihe shew. Jimmie loves music, an' he
asked his pa If we was goln' to stay
for that 'It's only ten cents, pa,' he
says. Jim said, 'Ask your ma," an!
Jimmje turned to me,' an' says, 'Can
we stay for the concert?* I didn't hear
hljr- 'cause I was lookin* hard at the
girl Ewingin* by ber teeth, an' he says
again. 'Ma, can't we Btay for the con
cert r Then I told him, 'Yts,' an' Jim
cot the tickets.
"While we was waltin' after the show
was over for the concert to begin, we
all got up to stretch ourselves, 'cause
even them reserved seats was kind o'
hard, an* when we sat down again,
Jimmie was next to me. He didn't
have much to say while there was any
did you? Well— I made up my mind to
let Jimmie break himself of smokin'
Just as quick as I could. Didn't take
me very long either to make, up my
mind how to do it. One - evenln' (we
didn't have no help, you know) one
evenin', Jim an' the, boys ¦come .h,ome
from work. ' The hired man -was away
for a few. days." They'd been at some
light work; that day, so ; I knew they
-wouldn't be so awfully hungry. But
when they* got home, there I wajB _in
the kitchen, settln' on the * floor,
moanin'- -with the earache. I'd started
to get supper an' had Just got it, where,
nobody else couldn't take hold of . it
an' get nothin'. You know how supper
is,- or any meal. If you leave it at
Just the Tight time, nobody else can't
take hold an' get anything/without
startin' all over again. Well, I'd' just
got to /that time, when -the earache
come on. ; • . '
"The boys come rushih'-.In . soon's
tliey got the horses unharnessed an'
there I was, settln'. on the floor*, with
my head/wrapped up In a flannel rag.
I must have been a sight, but I ; didn't
care, so long as I carried out my^plans:
There I set an' moaned, an* groaned,
an* Jim an' the two boys flew. 'round
like chicken's ! with their heads ; cut off,
tryin' to relieve me. But there wa'n't
nothin' they could do for] me. There
"was Just one thing I wanted; 'Just one
thing I knew would cure trie.'" Sweet
music goin' on, but he talked as fast
as could be whenever there was any
thing else on the platform, an' maybe
it was wrong, but I was always lookin'
some other way or somethin' so he had
to say ev'rythins over an' say 'Ma' to
catch my attention. I kind o*' liked to
hear the sound o' that.
"Well, after while, the whole thing
was over, an* though.** we tried to stop
in the menagerie tent to look at the
animals,, they drove -.us out* of there,
an* we walked down the street to
where the team; was. The boys an*
their pa hitched up. an* we started
home. As soon as the boys climbed
into the buggy I told Vem to take oft
their shoes an' rest their feet, so they
wouldn't be so Bore they couldn't walk
on them next day. Frankie was rldin'
with me. an' Jim and Jimmie was in
the front 6cat The horses was a lit
tle too excited for Jimmie to handle,
an' besides it would be gettln^dark be
fore we sot home, an* Jim would have
to drive then. We opened up the bas
ket, an' the boys ate rwhen they could
find time, between their talks, an' \fe
had a mighty happy time for awhile.
Then I noticed Frankie wasn't sayin'
so much, an 1 I slid my arm around him
where he sat up stjfr an' half asleep.
bobbin* around with -the Joltin' of the
buggy. Pretty soon he snuggled down
next to me an* was sound asleep, an'
I'd feel him sigh once In awhile, he was
"As you can guess, Jimmie wasn't
very good company for several days,
an' he ain't acted Just the same since.'
I think ; it's" ah , improvement- He never
suspected- me, though, an*. I f heard r^him
tellin' the new hired man the other/day
that:,he .wasn't- goin' to .smoke.' "He
guessed If? his pa could !-get • along all
his life . without [ smokin'' he could. An*
he guessed his* pa, was Just as good as
anybody's pa; smoke or no smoke.' Then
I 'knew. he'd, broke., himself. . ; .
"I didn't -worry about Frankie" He's
the littlest one. , He's twelve/ I klndo'
thought when .the time ; . come..; for
Frankie to. learn to smoke I could let
him break himself like Jimmie did. If
not the same way, some other Just , as
good." There's lots of ways for -dolri'
things when your whole heart's set
on doin' 'em'. Now Frankie Is always
snoopin' 'round. . He .'never used to
come into the kitchen when there was
anythln' b'llih' on the stove but what
he'd lift the cover to see what It was.
That is; -when I didn't see him. Of
course,/ he stopped pretty quick when
1 see him.' "¦ ';<-. '•• ?¦.'! ».'•'.«*
"One day about, a week after Jimmle
got his fill of. t'bacco. Jim heard
Frankie tellin' the; hired man that he
bet The could smoke an' not .get sick
like Jimmie did.:. Jim told mean' I
knew it was time, to let Frankie break
himself of the t'bacco habit. ; Of course,
I won't break people of their habits; if
'Thls'll make a fine place to spread out
the feathers from the beds to air while
we wash the ticks.' Well, Just after
w e got started scrubbin I had to go
down an' tend to my bread an' I left
Jimmie down on his hands an* knees,
scrubbin' away. There's one good thin?
about both those boys. Like their pa
in that; if they once get started doin'
a thing they don't stop till they get It
done. I had Just got my bread In the
oven^when I heard a shout outside. I
stepped out on "the. porch an' there was
one of the neighbors' boys on horse
back. 'Got anything to send to the
boys?' says he. 'I've been to town an'
got to go right by the schoolhouse on
the way home.' 'There's Just Frankie,'
says I. 'Jimmie didn't want to go this
term-' 'Oh, I didn't know. I hain't
started yet. Where's Jimmle?' says he.
I told him he was doin' some scrubbin'
for me an' you ought to have seen
that boy's face. It broadened into a
grjn like an apple, cracked in roastln*.
Then he said. 'Well, I thought maybe
you'd been bakin' an* wanted to send
somethin' to the boys. It's quit ralnin'
now. But— Jimmie scrubbin'!' An* he
turned that horse an' went off down
that road lickety-larrup.
"Pretty soon down come Jimmie an'
I must say he'd done the scrubbin'
well. I had a good dinner, ready an'
we had a right good time there that
afternoon. It was ralnin' harder again
an* Jimmie read to me while I worked.
Jimmie had rather read any time than
eat, hut they didn't have a single thing
'round that house to read when I went
there. I had some things packed away
in my boxes, though, but I hadn't un
packed hardly anything yet. I got out
some papers, though, for Jimmie an'
he reads fine for a boy that ain't had
no more chance than he has.
"After while Frankie come home an*
If he wasn't a sight! Mud from head
to foot, all over his clo'es, an' all the
buttons off his waist an' most of 'em
off his pants. I asked him what was
the matter an' he said, 'Bill Jones'
(he was the neighbor boy that stopped
at the house) 'Bill Jones come to school
this afternoon an' said that Jimmle,
our Jimmie, couldn't come to school
'cause he had to stay at home an' scrub
the floors. I told him he lied an' he
said he seen him. An' then he tried to
lick me for sayin' he lied, but he
couldn't, an' he's bigger'n me, too.'
"Then Jimmle says, 'Oh, ma, was
that who you was talkin' to this morn
in'? I was goin' to ask you an* I
forgot. You didn't tell him what I was
doin', did you?* I told him I had an'
he felt so bad he almost cried. Just
then their pa come home an' so they
had plenty to- do with the chores an'
unharnessin' an' all.
"Next mornln' Jimmle come In when
Frankie was gettin' ready for school
an' said, "Ma, put up dinner for me,
too. I ain't goln' to have the boys
think I have to stay at home to do
scrubbin'.' I went an' got out a tablet
an* leadpencll I'd been savin* an' put
'em with his dinner pall an' when he
started lookin' for his slate I said,
• 'You'd better not take that. I hear this
teacher's goin' to have a class- in al
gebray. You've been clear through
your arithmetic, hain't you?' ." 'Yes.
twice,' says he. He likes that best of
anything except Just readin*. "Well,
then, If you're studyin* algebray, an' I
guess you might as well go Into the
class If. they Is one, you don't want to
be usin' a slate an' pencil like a primer
class boy. An' I got an old algebray in
one of my boxes . if they use that
kind.' ...•:.•' \.;; ;-?¦" . , . • .
"After he'd got started I called him
back an' told him that seein's the next
week Tuesday was his birthday, if ho
wanted half a dozen of the neighbors',
boys to come an' spend the evenin*, I'd
make candy. I guess they hadn't ever
made much of birthdays.
"Then he started off on the run, to
catch up with Frankie. an' I guess he
run all the way to school, for he was
one of the first ones there, the teacher
told me afterward, an* when she got
there he was holdin' one of the biggest
boys down on the ground (he'd finished
with Bill Jones) an* was sayin", Tes, I
was scrubbin' yesterday an* I learned
how to do it so well that you'll have to
do a lot of it yourself to get clean.'
Then he'd scrub the boy's face with
mud an' fill his ears. That put an end
to the boys sayin' anything about
scrubbin'.
"Well, the next Tuesday came 'round
an' we had an early supper so's to have
time to get things ready, for the boys
was comin' early. Pretty soon they all
come, seven of 'em, three families. Bill,
Jones among 'em. They'd all forgotten
or at least didn't say nothin' about tna
ecrnbbln". | I made candy an* the boys
cracked nuts an* I never see boys hava
a better time. After while Jim .went
to bed an' the boys was play In' games
In the kitchen, so I slipped away. I
come back soon an* when the boys
quieted down after a game of blind
man's buff, I saya, 'Jimmle, don't you
want to show the boy 3 your birthday
present?' His eyes stuck out. That's
so,' says I. 'I forgot to show It to you.
Just go upstairs. The boys can go with
you an* you'll' find It In the old store
room. There's a light up there.* They
all started, Jimmie ahead. I heard 'em
all talkin' all the way up the stairs.
Then I heard the door opened Into- the
storeroom. Not a sound for a second,'
then If Babel itself wasn't turned loose,
I don't know what It was.
"What they saw when they opened
the door was that great big room with
a little flre In the fireplace, an" on one
side of the room was a bed with a rug
in front. In front of the fireplace wai
a little round tabje with a good big
lamp on it all lit an" an easy rockln 1 
chalr beside it. On the table was a
book, 'Ilo\>inson Crusoe,' opened at the
picture of Crusoe's flndih" the loot
print, an" on a little bookcase on the
wall was two or three others, 'Wood's
Natural History.' an' 'Arabian Nights."
an' "Pilgrim's Progress,' an" 'Treasure
Island," an' some old back numbers of
Youth's Companion, sewed together.
Or the floor beside the fireplace was
a woodbox. on one side, on the other
was a box of nuts, with a hammer
stickin' up in it an" an old flatiron
fastened up in one corner. An" last
but the first thing the boys saw, was.
over the fireplace a pair of deer horns
that used to be my brother's, an" on
"em rested the rifle that Jimmie had
been teasln' for so long. Below that
hung a sign, -This room presented to
Jimmle on his fifteenth birthday*
"Pretty soon I heard the door opened
at the head of the stairs an" heard;
Jimmle say. 'Just- look around, fellers
I'll be back in a minute." Then I heard
him come runnln* down the" stairs. He
corne runnin' across the kitchen to
a son named Joe, the laziest boy I ever
set eyes on. He wouldn't work. Money
couldn't, hire him to work, except Just
when he wanted to. "Finally the old
man .says, 'Joe, I'm goin 1 . to make a
gentleman lout of you. ¦¦-. From \ now '"Cn'
you're not" to do one stroke of work,
an' : if- you dp I'll: thrashV 'you;' } Well,
Joe forgqt; that ah' one i day when '.: the
whole farm was hustlin' to get in some
hay before it fained the boy went out
to the* field to help. The, old man" see
him"' at ; work an' he comes down the
field on: the. run. 'See. here,', he says,
!didn't Xtell 'you noV to work ? You'll
spoil your, clo'es" an' get your h'andsall
rough. Remember what I told you?'
An' he took the boy over to the fence
corner; an' if he didn't tan* his hideTll
miss my guess. But It didn't do no
good. Next week his brother an* him
was goln* fishin', an 1 Joe pitched in an'
helped his brother. , The old man
caught him again an' Joe was sore for
a week. -That made Joe mad an' he
began to work on the sly Just to show
his pa he could work if he wanted to.
You know the old 'man would see the
work'- done an' know that the ' hired
man didn't do f it, an' Bill— that was
Joe's brother— didn't do it, so Joe must
have done | it, but • he wouldn't j thrash
him unless he caught him at it, so Jo*
got to doin' more an' more without the
old man's flndin' it out an* a boy can
do a heap when he thinks he oughtn't
boys was all crazy to go. Says I,
"What I counted on, was that you. an*
Frankie would learn to cook so that
when you do go you won't have to eat
cold victuals all the time, like the boys
did last time. An' you know the cook's
always boss on a campln' trip. An'
your pa- said he thought in August
some, time you could be spared.'
"Well.' I didn't have no more trouble
with them boys about cookin', an* now
they always, do the dishes. It's all In
gettin' boys started right an' keepin'
them on ; the right, track by keepin'
somethin' -ahead to look forward to.
Only reason any boy ever got off the
track is Just "cause his folks didn't care
enough, or didn't have gumption
enough, to keep him lookin* forward
to somethin? all the time. It's easy
enough to drive a hungry cow behind
a wagonload of feed If she don't get a
chance to ketch up, only you got to
watch out that somebody else don't
give her the feed you ought to give
her.
"Then, too. I been gettin' some new
things, to make my work easier.
Washin' machine, an* flatirons, an' a
lot of things. Before we was married,
when Jim was talkin* about his bank
account, I says, ""When you go to town
for the license, Just bring along anoth
er checkbook." Then when I need any
thing I won't have to ask you for
money.' Course when I got married
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.there's fourteen of us here. That'll
make a good number, an* we can meet
here, in Jimmie's room, just as well as
not.' Then . Frankie broke in, 'An* we
can have it secret an' have passwords
an' grips.' Well, that brought 'em all
around. If you want to get hold of a
boy of the age of them bc-ys, just get
up a club with passwords an' grips, an*
badges, an' maybe a secret whistle, ; an f
if all the boys don't fall over them
selves to get in I'll miss my guess.
"So we organized the club, an' we
give it a name. I can't tell you what it
is, 'cause it's secret, but we, Jimmie,
an' Bill Jones an' me, made out a'con
stitution, an' made nominations for the
officers. Maybe we did have a lot to do
with gettin' it runnin', but somebody
had to, an' I didn't want the boys to
have the idea that the teacher had very
much to do with startin* it. We nomi
nated Eddie Harris for president. He
was one of the quiet kind, but I knew
he belonged to the Good Templars, an'
so knew a little about runnin' such
things. The boys, Bill an' Jimmie.
kicked at givin' it to him, but I told
'em they had to have somebody that
knew somethin' about runnin' things
like that, an' there wasn't nobody else
that knew but the teacher an* me, an'
neither one of us could hold office ac
cordin' to the constitution, nor vote
neither. I kind o* thought that since
we was goln' to have an election" ev'ry
month, some of the other boys might
get it into their heads to run for presi
dent, an' they'd think sines Eddie got
the office by beln' a Good Templar, that
they'd have to join the Temple an* so
learn how to run things. An* there
wasn't one of 'em there that 'twould
hurt to Join. If they took the pledge
now maybe they'd stick to it, an' it
would keep 'em out o' mischief at least
while they was in it. An' I thought
maybe the Temple could hold onto 'em
when once It got 'em, an* that was
worth tryin'. >^;:
"The constitution was adopted just
as w-e had it, an' the officers elected.
Then the teacher said since we didn't
have anything in the constitution
about badges, he'd like to furnish 'em
for the club. Since we were to. study
birds, an' such things, he knew of
something that would be all right. It
wasn't anything to wear, but we could
carry 'em in our pockets, an" he didn't
think anybody else would have any
like 'cm around here. The boys all
cheered him at this offer, an* then I
made another suggestion; Says I,
"We've made our plans for a weekly
meetin' for Friday nights. Why can't
we have what we might call a field
meetin' Sunday afternoons from three
to five? Most of you will be through
your dinners after church and Sundey
school by that time, an' It'll give us
two hours in the woods an\ fields, an'
let you all get home in time" for the
chores. The teacher can tell. us about
the things we see, that; we -don't know,
an' we can start from here.' They all
finally agreed, though some of 'em
thought their folks might object; but I
knew If the folks thought they ¦ was
with the teacher an' so long as they
wasn't around- in the way at home
those Sunday afternoons, . it wouldn't
make no difference to . the folks where
they was. Then the teacher said he
could have the badges ready for Sun-,
day, 'cause : he was goin' • to town the
next- day.' — .
"It" was pretty late that - night ,wh.en
the meetln' broke up. Must ' have been
eleven, an' i I ¦" told * the boys to say . to
their folks that I wouldn't let ¦ 'em. stay
that late again. -An'. I warned 'em not
to let .out the secrets "of the I club; an*
so they went home feelln'j as big, as
could be, the whole eleven of , 'em, the
teacher feelin' good « over; the! different
way the boys treated him, an*, the boys
all proud of bein'. In - the club '-, right
from the start, an' plannin' on things
they was goin' to do. V .*.-•
"All the boys was , on hand ; Sunday
afternoon," an* It was : a beautiful day.
We spent two hours In , the ;•: woods,
studyin' empty birds' nests, an* tryinVto
see how: many of 'em we could -tell by
the way they looked In winter, '•' an', the
teacher gave us all our badges. - He'd
collected . different ; kinds ': o' coins once,
an' A he "had a lot' of I those * old white
cents : with . anTeagle < on ,'em.' '.You * re^
member .'em, 'don't" ; you? ''Bout 'war
time, • I- guess. An" he give ; each of us
one. of ,'em.. .Only, one of the ; boys; had
ever seen one of 'em, an* .'they! was all
as careful .of 'em.^An', some of the boys
was tellln' . about _"- brothers i that ; was
comlnVto school next week, an*. wanted
to join, but ; we'd set ' the * limit" on" num
bers at ; fifteen ; who : could; vote, ? an' * so
only.. three" could get 5 in, 2 an'/ 1 \ advised
the boys to wait till they'd been runnin'
a ; month"; or'so ' before they, took : in 1 the
other three. * ' . ; : -
.''On jMonday^ m'ornln' • Bill -Wood*: an*
Jack Smith showed '.. up at school ' about
half-past ten,*. an' ~ tried i toV.take> the
back . seats * Just \ like - they ! always had.
"At supper an* after supper I kep'
him a-talkin* on outdoor things, an' he
seemed to know all about how things
lived an' I could see plainer than, ever
juet how he was goin' to win his way
through that term of school.
"The next day after he an* Jim had
started for town, I got Jimmie to tell-
In* about the carryin'-out the year be
fore. He didn't see it nor Fiankle
either, 'cause they had the mumps
then, but he knew all about it, an' it
was just as I thought. Bill Wood an'
Jack Smith always came late in the
mornin' an* if the teacher said any
thing, they sassed him, an' finally they
got all the other boys to help carry
him out an* to keep him cut for one
day. That broke up ths school. Jim
mie said that. those biggest boys was
goin* to start a week from the next
Monday, an' so I arranged ray plans.
"The next week I told Jimmie . an*
Frankie together to ask all the boys
In school that was thirteen err over to
come to our house on Friday night to
make candy, an' I sent a note to the
teacher, too, askin' him. I didn't tell
Jimmie that I asked the boys so" they
could get acquainted with the teacher,
'cause there wasn't no use of scarin*
'em away. They was all glad enough
to come. Ever since Jimmie's birth
day he'd had more visitors, an' the boys
always seemed to think I was different
from their own folks. Of course I was,
but their folks ought to have had sense
enough not to let 'em find it out. It
don't pay to let your boys get to think-
In' you ain't quite so good to 'em as
somebody else's folks is to them. But
most of the other folks never thought
anything about tryln' to keep the boys
at home, an' was glad enough to get
'em off out of the way.
"They all came, every last one of 'em,
on Friday night, an' the teacher, too,
but they shut up like clams, an' so did
he. They didn't have much to say till
we got to makln* candy, an* then I got
him to tellln* about how diflerent kinds
of sugar is made. The boys got kind o'
Interested, an* when he switched off
from that an* began tellin' 'em about
some fun he had one spring makin'
maple sugar In the big woods over be
yond the county-seat where the wolves
still howl at night, an* the farmers
can't keep sheep at all, on account of
'em, I saw he had the boys where I
wanted 'em. Pretty soon he mentioned
the birds in the woods insugar-makln*
time, an* I broke right in. I hated to
spoil his story,, but this was just the
chance I wanted. I asked some kind o*
foolish questions. You know a man
never feels like tellln' a woman any
thing until she shows how big a fool
ehe can be by askin' questions -that
don't mean anything, an' then he ex
plains in a toplofty, way. Well, I
wanted the boys . to combine .with the
teacher answerin' me, an* I -got Just
what I wanted, for they all begun to
talk at once, an' went on namin'" birds
that stayed all winter, an' got. all
TKorked up. ; Then ; I "¦ got ,'em switched
off to * somethin' else, an' the "¦¦ teacher
got started on that, an' they were" all
breakin' in : an' askin' ; questions, an*
generally feelin' good - an' friendly
when I sprung my plan.^QHMBHH
"Says I. 'Why, these are all new
things ¦ to me. An' to most ; of :; us; I
guess. Why can't we have a little club
to meet here «• Friday ¦¦ nights; an' talk
over, this kind o' things? Le's see,
btg as ne was, an' he didn't look as if
he had any too much strength for his
size. But Bill an' Jack hadn't started
in to school yet. They never did till
after the others had got nicely started.
Then they came In an' kept the whole
class back till they got ready to bust
up the school, but when I see him a
comin' aio-ng with my boys, not lookin'
much bigger or older than Jimmie, I
just made up my mind that he was
goin* to teach out the term if anything
I could do would help him to do it, an'
I was pretty sure L could do somethin*.
"I waved to the boys (Jim hadn't got
away with all the cookies) an' they all
climbed over the fence. I shook hands
with the teacher an' then gave 'em all
a cookie apiece, an' that boy looked as
pleased as our boys did." We was
standin* there talkin', an' Jim had just
thrown down the last shock when I see
a mouse run across the ground under
where the shock had been. The teach
er saw it an* quicker'n I ever thought
he could move he'd dropped on the
ground in front of it an' caught it. He
looked up at me from where he was
kneelin' an' says. This Is "a new one.
I never saw this kind before.* An* then
he went on to tell an' show all about
the little thing, that laid tremblln* In
his hands. I could see the boys was
interested, an' 'specially Frankie,
whose eyes Just shone, as the little
teacher went en to tell how the mice
lived in the summer an* winter, about
their nests, an* what they lived on. an*
how their enemies chased 'em, an' be
fore he got through, the whole plan for
breakin' up the carryin'-out scheme
came to me. The boys hadn't- talked
much on the way home. Didn't have
anything to say to the teacher, an* he
felt a little shy at goln' to a new place,
but now, the three were as friendly as
could be, an' we all had a Jolly time as
we went home to supper on the big
wagonload of corn.
but the teacher tol&.'em if they, came'
late they'd have to take seats farther
front, 'cause the back seats was taken
by them who had been there right
along. They wasn't ready to; do their
mean tricks the first day, so they took
seats farther front, but they tried^their
best to ; stir things . . up' all -week.
Luckily It: rained one or two days 'an'
they never": pretended :' to go;to*school
except~ln nice weather, so the teacher,
didn't have them to bother him all the
time. They tried to lead the other, boys
around like they used to, but they 'all
had so much to think about with their
club plans,- an' showln* each other their
badges, an* givln* the "grip, that they
didn't have no time to bother with
these big bullies.
"On Friday night we laid out the
work for the club for the winter. The
teacher an' I had kind o f taken that in
hand, an' each of the boys, or some
times two together, had somethin' to
work up. Bill Jones an' one of the
other biggest boys had a list of all the
birds they saw in the school district in
December; another two had to make a
list "of all the trees In a little grove
near the schoolhouse, an' so on. An'
the teacher told 'em that he'd met a
friend in the county-seat the Saturday
before, ah' that this man was goln' to
s'prlse the club with somethin' if they
kept runnin' In good order for a month,
an' did good work.
"On Sunday, afternoon we had a big
storm, so we had our field meetln* in
doors, an* most ot the boys was there.
"On Monday the big boys who wasn't
members : of the club tried to stir up
the club members, but the"y couldn't
make any : headway at that, an' they
didn't have nerve enough to carry out
the teacher alone, an' they wasn't isure
the boys. wouldn't help the teacher in
stead of workin' against him, so they
wasn't very good-natured an' handled
some of the little fellows pretty rough
on . the way home that night.
"On Tuesday , night both of our boys
come home lookin'-. as if they had been
run through a thrashln' machine, an*
when. they got over. their excitement ao
they could tell about it, this Is what we
heard:
"At recess that afternoon, when some
of: the club boys was off in one corner
talkin' about club plans, an' showin*
their badges, an*, tryin* the ' grips, Just
to; keep 'em In mind, one of the big
boys that - had Just come to school
walked over to the crowd of club boys,
ah\J plckln'i out: the "; littlest - one, ' that
happened to be Frankie, he began goin'
through his pockets, an' after flndin'
the eagle cent, he ; put it in his pocket
an*' walked: off. Now Frankie ain't
afraid of nothin' that walks, an* while
I don't believe in boys fightin', I'm glad
he ain't. So Frankie, just as the fel
lerstepped out ;the door, run ah'
Jumped up on his back (he wouldn't
have caught him that way If he could
have got him any other)," an down they
both Went, : the" thirteen -year- 1 older, an*
that big hulkin' seventeen-year-older in
-one pile, 'Jimmie heard Frankie
forhim; an', come a-runninY an' one of
the", other , big . boys, not club : members,
come, :' too, 'i an' ; then all the club . boys
come, an* one other outsider, an' they
: had it hot an' heavy there for a while.
The teacher tried to stop 'em/ but' there
wasn't | any stopping till those I three big
fellows; ; all' that; there was' there '- that
day, was so" completely licked that they
sneakedy off home,;.: givln' Frankie's
badge first, 1 though, an',, they never- even
came back for; their, books. .
• * "That f fight- made i the folks, or some
of 'em, - at ; least; 1 kind - o' [ down : on ': the
"club, bufall- the" boys ¦ came to i meetln'
just ; the . same,> though - they ' wasn't, a
very good-lookin'.- lot,- with ¦ their black
eyes,- ". an V scratched - faces, ' an' all they
could : talk ¦ about 'was that \ fight,* an 1 • I
: knew,? if i the ? club! didn't \ hold '^together
another ; day £that the teacher
be carried; out -that winter.' ,
: , «- "But club ¦' did ! hold - together, , an*
when, V after :•¦ we'd .' been < runnin' * Just a
\ month;* the teacher's \ friend 1 from t town
>came out an*, give a talk on birds.with
ma glc-lanterh ; pictures, : all : In • ourj^ big
; kitchen; the « boys was ¦ the ; proudest lot
of youngsters, i An', the next week .when
" the !?. paperi come ¦ out ? an'," 1 pub
lished %'A"' List ;¦*" of ' Birds . Observed £ In
School i District . No. « 6, - Town ? of . Wes f t
: Grove," during; the ¦ monh \ of ; December,
- f by ;• Mr. >Willlam* * Jones j and \ Mr.*; Henry
.Williams,'- you .- couldn't * touch y those
\ boys ;. withfat ten-foot i pole/? unless." you
ha DDened : to > be •; in * the ; club ; yourself
an* was goin* to have your own list
published soon.
"An* our Sunday field days was just
fine, an'I learned a lot about weeds in
winter, an' birds in winter, an' mice,
an' all such things, in winter, an' boys
all the time. Just from trampin' 'round
the fields with that club, an* when
along in January the teacher told us
one night that he wouldn't be with us
after that term as he had a school
nearer home that paid better for the
next term, but he'd be willih' to come
out for Sunday afternoons If the boys
wanted to keep up the club, of course
they did, so we're goin' to have our
club meetin's all spring.
" "An'- the last day of school, we're
goin'., to. have the first exhibition
they've had in 5ur district since eight
years ago. Couldn't have no exhibi
tion last days when the last days de
pended on . the time the teacher got
carried out. But now, the G. O. C. of
the Sixth School District, Town of
West Grove, will have full charge of
an annual exhibition to be held at the
schoolhouse of that district on the third
Friday In February, an' I wanted to
ask you to come out to visit for awhile
an' _be there for that. Mr. William
Jones is president of the club, an' has
charge of the affair, an* our Jimmie is
goln'- to be on the programme. It's all a
secret yet, but you'll like It. Maybe I
did plan it, now you say so, but don't
you think a mother ought to have a fin
ger in the pie?"
CHAPTER VI. -
- Manasin' Jim.
. :."Why, how do you do? Ccme in. It
seems good to see somebody agalnrnow
that Jim an' I's all alone. Oh, yes,
we've been that way ever since school
started up In town. An' we don't have
the hired man in. the. house any more. \
I tc-ld Jim' when we was first married
that I thought It was better to get a
. hired man that was married an* let
him live In the old "house on. the place,
than to. have a happy-go-lucky, here
to-day-an'-away-to-morrow young fel
low, : that , never would be around when j
-we wanted him, an' would always be
puttin', the boys up to tricks," or leadln'.
, 'em;; Into mischief of ; some kind. An'
when I reminded him that the boys got
to smokln* from the > hired man, he
agreed .with me," so now we have an'old .
settled-down' married man,' an' it saves
my .work cookin', for an.extry one, an*
then , there's - a ; good ¦ workin' woman
handy If , I : need anybody to help with
the work. Of course it costs '• a little
;more, an', the older -man maybe can't
.get quite so much work done, but what
he; does do better done,' an' it | makes
lots of difference with the boys about
meanness, an*- gettin' bad habits. ¦
"But we don't see enough 'of 'em now
-*• so we can tell whether : they're • any
meaner, or not. They're away from
¦ Monday mornin* till Friday 1 night.ev'ry
; week.' - 1 had t a nice job gettin' Jim to
let ; 'env go,' but ; they're • goln', an* he's
¦ as * proud * of .'eni ' now.' as .can be. - You
see when the school started this fall at
. home J here," I > made up my mind i there ;
" wasn't : no ; use I of • the nboys ; goln'. t Our
. country, schools . don't amount to much,
4 an' s -"of ; course ';vre ' can't : expect . 'em r to '
when ,we don't -payi no j kind lo'- wages.*
Teachers don't -get : much more '„ than
enough to pay, their, board," an'.: so ; any
body that's any, good as a teacher; like
the man', we had last winter. Just quits
; anVgets a town school some where." An'
then; when ! boys , gets : along , to fourteen
? an 5 sixteen r like -Frankie r an' v'Jlmmie,
they * learn I lots r^more ] :', meanness > than
anything ', else. S Of * course, * they, have
time to, , 'cause them that's regular has'
toVwalt an', drag; along for". them j that ;
stays out half the time, so it's just as
- well ¦ to get the boys into town ; school
"1 where they'll have to hustle to keep up.
iThe main worth' of goin'- to school any-
"I didn't say nothln* more about the
boys goln' to' school. I'd started the
subject long enough ahead so we would
have plenty of time to settle th? thing
before school opened, but the next day,
when I did the bakin' • for the next
week,' I cut" down on the cake and
cookies, an' everything except Just
what we had to have. When we came
to set down to the table to supper there
wasn't any cake, or any preserves, the
first time at supper we hadn't had both
c-n the table since we was married.
Jim looked kind o* red when I told the
boys, when they asked if I hadn't for
got somethin', that, their pa had Just
been tellin' me about some plans for us
all that he was makln*, an* if they wa3
to go through all right, we'd all have to
help, an* the best way we could do It
was ta cut down on things like . cake
that take so much butter an' so many
eggs. The boys wanted to know what
it was an* I told 'em ; about the farm,
not the school. • Frankie didn't look
very cheerful at the Idee of havin' a
farm of his own. ; He hates farm work,
an' it don't seem: as. if he can ever do
any work right in the field, but you let
him doctor a sick chicken, or a - calf,
an' he's perfectly happy. I told 'em
that I hadn't known. till Just a little be
fore about the plan,. or I. wouldn't have
been so reckless in cookln', an* I went
on talkln* about hew nice it would be
for all of us to work together savin". It
wouldn't be so hard on any of us that
way. They agreed to it, an* seemed to
stand goin" without all right, but Jim
never j seemed to , get enough to - eat
without just' the things that we didn't
have on the -table <¦ any • more, so he
didn't get. along so well as the boys.
"Then on Friday mornin" Jim said to
me, 'Hadn't you better bake , to-day so
.we: can go to "town- to-morrow?* .'I'd
made * him > understand before this that
If he" planned on my; goln' to' town on
Saturday, - bakin' ; day, he'd . have to let
me know beforehand that .we was goin'
so I could do my bakin* Friday, though
• my .work was . lots lighter., now that I
didn't'have cakes ; or pies: to "make. .¦ I
told him I couldn't afford to go. . Says I,
'If I go now," I'll have to have the. hired
; man's wife . to", help ! me get the work
done next ; week. anV we can't afford to
hire.' Jim didn't say ; no more. » but' he
stayed * to home - himself : on : Saturday
an' . the boys : had to : stick ', pretty close
to-. their work , that ; day. . On Saturday
night • I .counted ;up xwhat we saved ; by
goin' 1 without \ some of the- things, ; an',
the - boys : looked as 4 If : they ? felt i pretty
*- **An* then I wanted 'Jimmie to see a
little bit of town life so he'd feel how
much better the country was, an* want
to stick to the farm. He's just fitted
for that. Frantie always said ever
since ha was a little feller that he -was
goin' to be a doctor, so I knew he ought
to have a? good a chance as he could
so's-to g£t aheart the faster.
: "But Jim kind o\ balked. when I sug
gested it. Of course, we was alone
when ' we talked the thing over. We
agreed when we was married never to
talk anything over before the boys that
we might disagree , on, without havin'
It settled beforehand, 'cause I didn't
think it was a good thing for them to
hear any arguments we might have. If
they sided with their pa, they'd think
I was stubborn, an* if they sided with
me, an* I knew they most always
would, they'd think their pa was stub
born. So it was fairer to their pa than
to me.
"Well. Jim didn't think he could
spare the boys. It would mean hlrin*
another hand, an' then he couldn't
spare the money. Board In town cost
ready money,' an* he didn't have any
too much. An" besides, he was plannin*
on buyin* the 'joinin' farm as soon as
he could, so the two boys could each
have a good place when we stepped
out. I could see he wasn't to be con
vinced, an' I never waste words argu
in\ Thinks I. 'Words is just words, an'
when you've said- it. why, you've Just
said it, an' it's got to be done yet, but
if you do It. why, then it's done." So I
told him I didn't think he'd treated me
fair in not lettin* me know he was
countln* on buyin* . that place. Of
course I did know it, though he hadn't
never told me. 'Taln't Just the things
that a man tells a woman that she
knows. If It was. we'd all be the big
gest know-nothin's you ever see. But I
wanted him to feel that he hadn't been
fair, an' I told him I could have helped
him if I'd only known It. I hadn't been
near as savin' as I might have been,
an' ev'ry cent counts twice when It
comes to savin*.
way is tha hustlin' to keep up. It never
dees -the boy any good, to go to school
that's away ahead of his classes an*
has time to set an' plan deviltry. Of
course Frankie an* Jimmie are bright
enough, but they haven't had the regu
lar work like they get in town, so
they'll have their hands full.
artmcd rr,y r.eck an* pulled "my head
dnvn an' kissed me right on the lips
i-Ti' I JTeJt more'a paid for all the trouble
CHAPTER V.
A Finder in the I*ie.
'Good afternoon. Yes. I've corae to
Bpend the lime while Jim does some
buyin he's got to do. "Why, I ain't seen
you fcir.ee away last fall, when I was
h-ro Just after Jimmic's birthday. An'
there s so many things happened since
then that I dor."t know just where to
Lcsin to tell you about 'em. But I'll
begin with our school teacher an* the
Viiy things has be*-n goin' at schooL
•¦1"<ju know we had a girl teacher last
fall en' b -nil the boys went an* they
£ut Z'j they iiLeii her pretty v.ell. This
winter ve gux a man teacher, couldn't
have u girl 'cause the school has al
ways been so tough. Why, ev'ry win
ter till ihis one for a long time the
teacher's been carried out an' that al
ways broke up the school. An* I
fc'l>oEe if it hadn't been for me the
school would have been busted up the
same way this winter. But it wasn't.
1 made vp my mind that cmr boys had
lest enough schoolin' just through the
meanness of some of the big boys an'
tiree they have only seven months in
the year, take it all in all, there's no
use of their losin' any of It. An* then
it ain't very good for the boys an' girts,
even if they don't have nothin* to do
with the carrytn' out. Just to see things
smashed up the way they usually do.
I know I don't want Jimmie an'
Frankie to see any more of that kind o'
rumpuses. They're just old enough
now so they're likely to get the notion
into their heads that any property,
just 'cause it don't belong to any one
man, ctn be smashed up without it
bein' wrong, an* I don't intend they'll
cce any cf that scrt of thing. They're
pretty tvillin' to stay at hctne nights,
noV Jinmie has his room just ths way
he wants it an' they have plenty to
read. An' if they stay in nights, then
school is about the only place for 'em
to learn devilment an' there's no need
of 'cm learnin' it there. I told Jim
right at the start that our boys was
goin' to stay at hcnJe nights unless we
went out together. It's juat as much
fun for the young folks if they an"
their folks goes together if only they're
used to it an' it's lots better for their
bringiri' up.
"As soon as school started, I began
cskin* the beys about the teacher. I
wanted to know what kind of a man
he was. It makes lots of difference
how the boys h&s to be treated at home
if you know how they're treated at
EchooL An* it pays for the folks to
know the teachers they get for their
youngsters. A real good man can do
more harm in a school with his goody
goody ways, if the folks at home don't
know how to work against him, than a
common ord'nary man, bad as he may
be, that's real wide-awake, an' up to
a!l the young ones' meanness, than any
c-f your good, meek, half-asleep kind,
that cer.'t know how' to handle the
boys, an" thinks they're all as good as
he is. The boys will get more real
meanness from tryin' to get ahead of,
an' gettin' ahead of, this kind, than
they'll ketch frcm. one of the other
kind.
"'Art' it pays to know the teachers for
other reasons. Maybe the teacher will
set in a fix some time an' just need
somebody that Is on the outside lookin"
en, to tell him a thing or two, an* it
don't never hurt a young man to have
eomebcrdy older to give him a word or
two cf advice. Of course, the advice
has got to be give to him in a nice
little capsule of Cattery or a sugar
coated pill, like other bitter medicines
is gix-e in nowadays.
"Well, all I could find out was that
the teacher was one of those young
men who was savin' up money to go
to school on, goin* to be a doctor, an'
echocl-teachin' was the only Job he was
fct.-crg enough to do an' the quickest
way to save xip money. He wasn't
very big, an" he wasn't the kind of a
man that can bluff cut a crowd of
grea.t big husky country boys, so I
kind o' feared for him. He lived over
to the county-seat, en* couldn't get
home at all except when some farmer
from our way was goln* in on a Satur
day. I pumped the boys ev'ry eight,
an' tried to piece together all I could
hear. I couldn't make much out, an'
to I made up my mind I'd see the fel
low. On Saturday Jim was goln' to
town to the county-seat, eo I told
Jlrr.mie Friday mornin' to tell the
teacher that, if he wanted to go, he
should come over to our house an' stay
all night an' go In with Jim the next'
day. I reckoned I could get pretty well
acquainted Trtth him in one evenin', an*
then I wanted our boys to get to know
him better. I might have had him to
board at our house, but there's such a
thiiig as knowin* the teacher too well,
ax* I didn't want our boys to do that,
eo I eaid I couldn't board him, an' be-
Eides I didn't want the Job of boardin'
another an* puttin* up a separate din
ner ev'ry day. This havin' the teacher
around may be all right, but it ain't
fat the same as bein" alone, an' the
boys get to knowin' him too well, an*
he knows them, an* they feel that he
knows all about when their pa
thrashes 'ern. That's other folks' boys
v/here the teacher boards, not ours,
'cause ours hain't needed It eince Jim
an* me was married. An* it kind o*
hurts a boy's pride to have his ma pet
him when the teacher Is around, an*
yet he ought to have a certain amount
of pettln'.. So I didn't want him as a
regular boarder, but I knew I could
get to know him pretty well in one
evenin', an' I thought after one week
of school he'd be about ready to let
out, 'specially when it was the first
time he'd ever been away from home.
"On Friday afternoon, Jim was out
In the field huskin' corn. It was the
fint week in December, but It was
pretty fairly warm, an* he didn't have
much left to do. Got most of It done
in the warm weather In October, but
rains come on, eo he had some left. I
went out to take him some hot cookies
right out of the oven. He does like 'em
eo well, an* there he was, all alone, half
a mile away from the house, an' it
wasn't the warmest work, huskin' that
frozen corn, either. • No. I don't usually
bake Friday afternoons, but I hadn't
noticed that the cookie jar was empty
till after noon that day, an' the boys
always look kind o' as if they was
cheated If they don't find plenty of
fresh cockles in the Jar when they
\-isit it when they think I don't know.
An' I don't see no use of disappointin*
•em. They'll have disappointments
enough in this world later on, without
their havin' too many now. an* I ain't
coin* to disappoint 'em needlessly, eo I
baked later than usual. '. ¦¦
"It was after four before I started
out, an' I stood there talkin' to Jim for
come time, an' after while I see . the
boys e-comin*. There was a little slen
der fellow with 'em, that I knew must
be the teacher, an* I thought to myself,
'How long will he last when Jack
Smith an* Bill Wood start In to school?
Why, cither one cf them was twice as
"I didn't see nothln* of Jim all after
noon except when he come in from ths
flew an hitched up the team an'
drove over to the neighbor's that owned
the farm that he was countln* on buy
: ». H f ot baek * ust before sapper.
an J»e looked a little less grumpy than
he did at noon. We sat down to tho
table, an* It did look kind o* bare with
out cake or cookies, or sauce or pre-
"At dinner he didn't say no more
about the thing 'cause the boys was
around. Of course, if he'd asked me
I d have told him that it was a waist
that I was makln* for myself, though I
might not have told him I was makin*
it Just to wear to that Old Folks* pic
nic. But I was. Just the same. But he
dldn t ask me. an* he kep* on gettln*
more an* more stirred up about my
sewin* for the neighbors, Jnst to save
money so as to buy another farm. If
he'd seen the goods he'd have known.
If he d been a woman, that I wasn't
sewin* for ills' Jc-nes, for she couldn't
wear that color, but he didn't see the
goods, an* If he had. bein* a man. he
wouldn't have thought about snch a
little thing as color.
"Jim didn't say no more about the
picnic then, but he wasn't quite the
most pleasant person to live with all
week. Seemed as if cake an* preserves
an* such had been keep in* him sweet.
On Thursday mornin* he went to town
on business. After he was gone, I'ftxed
up a bundle of dress goods an* went
down to one of the neighbors. She had
a waist pattern that I wanted to use.
an* she was pretty clever at cuttin*. out
dresses. I always make my own
waisu. but I can't never get the skirts
to hang right, so I hire them made.
Change work with this neighbor, or
somethln*. When I got the waist cut
out I started home, but I wasnt goln*
to lug that bundle back through, the sun
an* dust, so I says. Til leave this here
an when Jim goes past you send it up
by him. Just say there's the stuff you
said you'd send up.*
"Well. I got back an' started dinner,
an after while Jim come dxivin* up. I
went out to meet him. for I needed
some of the groceries he had. an* he
handed down the bundle. He looked at
me kind o* quee^ an' says, 'What's
this? Mis* Jones said to tell you It was
the goods she was goin* to- send up.' I
said, "Oh, Just some sewin* I'm gotn' to
do.* He looked mad. an* asked. 'You
ain't doin* any sewin* for her. be you?
You needn't think you're goin' to take
in sewin' !' An* he started to take the
bundle out of my hand, but I walked
into the house. I knew he'd been
thlnkin' all the way up to the house
that somethin* was wrong wtth that
bundle (it would take him about that
long to get as stirred up as he was),
an* I was Just as well pleased that he
rtui think I was sewin' for the neigh
bors to save money for that 'Jcinin*
farm, even if it did hurt his pride to
have his wife take in sewin'.
happy over It, but Jim didn't even
thank me for tryln* to save.
"Just a week from the next Wednes
day came tbe.OJd Folks* picnic at tho
county-seat, an* Jim, I knew, was plan
nln* on goln*. He hadn't never missed
a picnic since they started havin* 'era
fifteen years before, an' when he men
tioned it to me that Saturday night, he
looked kind o* surprised when I told
him that I'd planned on' doin' some
coiorin* that day. that bein* ths only
day I could borrow the bis kittle an* I
couldn't afford to hire the colorin* done.
An* besides. I didn't think we could af
ford to go. We couldn't go without tha
boys, that was understood. Why, it
meant the loss of the work of foor an*
the team for one whole day if we went,
an* ev*ry cent counted toward that
•jqinln* farm.
THE : SAN FRANCISCO^ SUNDAY^CAHi
JOE ROSEXBERC&
not IS I
£^y wear the w*
/A new kind of (jf 1
n Knit m
f\ Underwear? M '
LJ) "Mo Hocks that roam tiss MJI\
GqA waltey free\. 4X&
JyM To slaughter I condemn; ffffl, -
£(/ Taaght by tha power that MflL
V v I Itarn to pity thtm." v|t
\ fey Wiij be aa accospHcs to yt
| MURDER?!
it i . Tear by ytar seUnea makss r I
J? •' many new discoveries. Vow • I
u| Cotton Is King j j
In Especially for this cnjtr- ' I
V wear. Xt Is -warmer, mot* V I
f i ab «ort «nt, yet cooler, nan- I
// trrltatlnir to the most «»a»t- i \
H tire skin. YelTet feeling U 3
> This cotton is rrowa eat J 1
of elean eartn, tmder brijrit >\\f
1 - Southern skies. It Is nature's \J
own fabric. So . mwh for 1
cotton. Vow for Its use. \
Our underwear Is aand. [I
flTitiaed, carerul atteattoa H
J riven' to every detail, c&t to l|
f coaforsa. to the body, patens >U
/ Jersey knit, Ugtct, medlsm fi
f I and heavy wdjrat. I
I I Wests, Tishts, Pants. (J
COKBZVATXOV BUl'tS, A
" VI mads tor Women and CnQ- 1 \i\
•A dxen, high neck and Xocnr Vf
'. A sleeves, nijrn neek and snort JL
I *i sleeves, tUrnts and pants V
Y.t Trenen oand, kase or ankle v?
hX l«a<tn. Hi
SM XiABXSS»TBaTS,TXOXT8 . 1
K y or PAJTTH, 5Oc a tfarment. / jl
«¦-., CHX&DHSVS, small and * /I
jp:\ medium sixes 25c ,1
|(J\ larger sires S5 C Jl
yi;J, Tfou can "naif your under- J
y-'-f wear expense and doable Vf
f\\ your satisfaction by wear* 4
fw \ taem.' ; . ¦ - \\
l/v\ OBXT to 1>« had in th» II
f/Mdty at Jl
.P ROSENBERGS
6A/'8i6 Market Street. £%>
% II O'Farrell Street,
/J> Bulldnuf. .jfeL*: \lf^
ff\n 2S*U orders [_ £lS *SM
%\l Solicited. jJrfL.^smelied thlngsburnln', anVJim come ln :
after eatin' any he/.' looked '< % kind::o'
drawn -like an* dissatisfied. 'I* kind « a* •
pitied him; but; etui* I thought rl- was' 1
sufferin' for his-boy.iBOiWhy shouldn't
he ? t Jimmie .< come ; In \ several I times ? in •
the forenoon,. to, seecme,; he said,; but he
spent; more * time '. in * the kitchen ¦¦ than
iwith me. 'I was| feelin' better in the af
ternoon,; but; thought I'd better] atay, in
bed.i I had ; some ) of my-;own cooKin'. '.
.where I could get at;H,.so;I". wasn't. so",
bad off as : the others. ;- 1 noticed;Jim
mie looked as If he wasn't really enjoy- •
In', his meals, anV I; pitied; him, -but I '
thought v he" could stand It a' few, days
how. better ".than rail; his, life afterward.
Kind o' like havin' a. tooths pulled.' It
hurts like ; ev'ry thing - for. a minute "or
two, but that's lots better, than 'havin'
to stand the.tpothache for a year.or so.
p "Wednesday come and went, an' Jen
nie still tried' to keep things goln'. I
noticed Jimmie didn't- come to the
house quite eo often.' -An* both him an*.
Jim looked -hungrier \than ever. ;- On;
Thursday; mornin'' I. was :• feelin' eo
much, wqrse that I had Jim stay. In with,
me while: the young it oiks had break
fast. .This : meal .was the turnin' point
of mywhole scheme, so I was "anxious
It should go all right. An' it went.
When she called Jim to breakfaet he
said he was eoin'-to stay with me, an* I
told.him-my eister would be there so
he could take Jennie home before noon,
an' : my sister could ;cook- betten'n I
could. 'If, It was only half ,so good, I
wouldn't be i kiekln', after' these last,
few- days,' Bays" he.
•'I- had the room ¦» doors open so I
could hear from the dinln'-room, an 1 I
couldn't hear nothin', so I had. to get
up-, to see how things ¦ was goin'. . I
peeped through the crack of the door,
an' there the two sat,; Jennie at the
head of the ¦ table, an' ¦ Jimmie' across
from her.-i Jlmmie looked aa slick as a
tin whistle.' He always. did. From the
time he wai little he was always Just
so p'tlcular.,: He-used to ask me to put
on faded r patches on his overalls in
stead of new, pieces, bo they wouldn't
show so. He ? wasn't proud, • but they
didn't look so well.. He didn't care for
their beln' patches, ¦ but he objected to
the contrast." An' he was always Just
so. But Jennie, she hadn't half .:
combed her hair, an 1 her shoes wa8 un
buttoned, an' I could see two buttons
off her waist in the back, an*. I noticed
Jlmmie didn't look at her 'very often.
He would try to drink some /of the
coffee, which couldn't have. been very
hot. 'cause it didn't steam like It,' an 1
then he'd draw a long breath; an' try,
one of the biscuits. That seemed to
just about, let me see, fifty times three
hundred an* sixty-five. Is about eight
een thousand, and three meals a day is
about somethin' over fifty thousand.
I'd worked it out beforehand, so I had
it all' ready. - I watched him close when
I said that about settin' down to the
breakfast table, but he didn't seem to
suapec' nothin', so I went on. I talked
pretty plain to him. It was right I
should. I owed it to the boy an to my
aelf to do it. . 'An* say the first three
hundred and sixty-five days there'll be
Just you two at the breakfast table, lr
you don't have no hired man boardln'
with you, an' after that, there'll be a
new little face ev'ry year or so, an^
eome of the faces will be like yours an
some like hers, an* there'll be sickness,
an' sorrow, an' some happiness mixed
in with It. Maybe agood deal of hap
piness If she's the right one, but there'll
be mighty little If she's the wrong one.
An* all through it Jlmmie was aa sol
emn'as an owl, an' said when I got
done, 'Mother* (he's called me mother
most always since he was fifteen),. 'I've
thought out all that, an' there's Just
one girl that I want, an* I'm goln* to
have her If I can get her, an' If you
can help me. all right, I want you to do
It. but If you can't, I'll go it alone, but
I'r.i goin' to keep on tryin*."
"Well, v.Iien I see he was in earnest.
I told him I'd help him all I could, an'
told him I thought he might make
his. plans to be married Christmas
time, but not to say nothin' about it to
nobody.. Only one thing he must do,
he must keep away from the girl, an* if
¦he happened to meet her, he must act
kind o* cool, an' as if he thought he
could stand -U if she didn't care for
him. He almost refused, but I says,
•All right, then, no weddin' for Christ
mas,' an* then he come 'round, mighty
quick. ' Only he said he didn't think he
could act that way, an' I told him It
was a case of got-to, nothin' else.
Seems so queer to me that men can't
act and put on as if they was Just the
opposite from what they Is. when a wo
man has to do it all the time. *,»\
'"He seemed to feel lots cheered by
our ride, an* the next Sunday afternoon
I sent him away over to the other side
of the county. No special errand, but
there wa'n't no use his hangin' 'round
that- girl, an* the drive wouldn't hurt
him. Of course, he thought the errand
was a do-or-dle matter, or he wouldn't
have felt like goin*.
"On Tuesday the next week I put on
my things an' went over to one of the
neighbors that knew this girl's folks
pretty well, related some way, I guess.
I just dropped In to visit awhile, an' to
get a pattern for a new kind of apron
she had, an' of course I wanted to start
the good- work. Now I've always'
thought this neighbor was a good
spreader. Just as you're the other kind.
nobody but Just our own folks. He
didn't say a word, but ¦ he didn't need
to, from the '-' way Jr. he ,'v eat. I ? really
thought he'd i die, an'; Jim t was just , as
bad. ..They both eat till I thought even
the: table wouldn't be: left.- .
"How did it come ; out ? Qh, Jimmie's
buggy stayed in the shed an' his mare
Jn the pasture the next Sunday, an' the
next week Jennie went to a picnic , with
another fellow, -. so Jimmie ; didn't feel
as if Bhe-was'breakin' her "heart over
him.. - . ,. :'c.>vh:,.V. '¦ -\ : : ; .".
. '.'I tell you the best way to cure love
elck : young, folks. Is! Just to! plant 'em
elde by side an' let 'em- pee. each other,
In . fair weather, an' : foul • weather, sun
an' rain, an' }f; they can stand that for
a few " days they can , stand, it for a
lifetime. Most people: can't keep on
their- company manners : more than a
day at a time an* after that day is the
time that does the work.''
CHAPTER VIII.
A Woman's Wifes.
"Why, good afternQQn. I'm awful
glad to see you, Haven't. s«en you to
have a -visit with since I : don't j know
when. Two years, is It* ' Well." several
things has happened elnce then. Of
course, If you lived over. In our neigh
borhood, you'd know all about . 'em.
At least the neighbors there think they
do. : . But I ; came over Just to free my
mind, I've Just got through about the
hardest plan to work that I ever under
took. You know how hard it Is to do
anything without tools that you can
depend on. Well, it's a sight harder to
do with tools that thinks they know
what they're doin' all the time, an 1
you're afraid they'll go ahead an'
spoil all your plans! ,
I'You know I've always taught .the
boya to come to me whenever they got
in trouble. . Real trouble, I mean/Oh,
no, I make 'era stand little things by
themselves, but whenever I see" 'em
worryin' fQr some little time, I usually
manage' to give 'em the chance to tell
me about It, an* If I can't help 'em out,
well, they're pretty near'; past helpin',
though I do say It myself. ,. ,
"JJmmle had been kind o' blue an'
ftidgety an' tljed»lookln' for some little
time. All right again? .Well, you Juat
wait till I- get through an' you'll know.
I stood it havin' him around that way
till I thought It was pretty near" time
neck. One reason's cause I'm feelin* so
good. .[. Why? Oh. Just you wait till I
get done* an' you'll know.
"Well.at this picnic that I was at,
this girl that Jlmmie liked so well
started in gettln' the tables set for din
ner. I could see by her busineas-like
way that she knew what she was doln'.
I'd never met ? her before, but I knew
her folks bank for three generations.
She took right hold, an* she ran things.
She didn't boss 'round. "My, no 1 That
ain't the way to run things! She Just
started the poor, sticks that wasn't any
good at help in* off after water an' ferns
to decorate the table, she said. * I knew
that it was Just to keep 'em out of the
way. An' the .worst old crank In the
lot she got i to ' makin' sandwiches. I
heard- her tell ; this one that she could
cut the nicest, thinnest, even slices, an'
that old crank Just swallowed It all In,
an',, believed 'it.. Catch anybody gettln'
round me that. way. -She just kept
things goin' that way till she had the
dinner all. fixed," an' the. folks down, to
the table, an" she played those folks off
against each - other ', (the old crabbed
ones, I mean) till she got 'em all seated
'round the table cloth, so r that each one
thought he was the one person in that
crowd that was ¦ bein' • honored by the
way the seats was placed.
"I saw she had her eye on. Jimmie, so
as soon as dinner was over, an' I heard
her say, 'Well. I helped get the dinner
on. Somebody else can get it picked
up,' I calls Jlmmie an' says, 'I want
some of that peppermint that's frowin'
down by the spring In the next pasture.
Will you get me some?' He' looked
kind o'-as if he had some other plans,
but he said he would. I thought it Just
as well- that she shouldn't think she
could whistle, an* have Jlmmie come,
like as if he was a puppy.
"I paw him start off, an' then I got
to visitin'. There was some folks that
lived over where I used to, an' I had
about twenty years of ketchln', up to
do, an' I had to hear all about the folks
that had died, an* got, married, an' all,
since I'd left there.' Then one old man
got started on a long-winded yarn (I
thought nobody else would ever get a
chance to talk again) - an' \ I began
thinkin' about how -that girl, after
she'd got the dinner,'- Just "walked out
an' left the rest to do their share. An'
I made up my mind then an' there that
she was the right kind. There's the
awfully willin' kind that'll work an'
work an' never seem to know when
they've gdt their share done. Then
there's the kind that knows ¦ when
they've done their, share.: an' stops
when they get it done. That's the kind
I like. I believe it's as wrong to do
more than your share of work as It Is
to shirk your share. One . way, you
cheat somebody else out. of the chance
to. do their share, an' the other you
force somebody else to do your share.
An' I don't know but cheatin' is the
worst of the two. I know I'd rather do
the shirkin'. An' I could see that she
knew when she'd done her share.
"Come time to start gettin' ready to
•go home, an' somebody began yellln
for the young folks to come back.
all come In wagon loads, so there
wasn't -to be any leavln' the young
folks to come home in their buggies
when they got ready, an' besides most
of us had our chores to do. Well, I be
' gun to look around for. Jimmie. I never
needed to look for Jim. If he ever got
out from under my feet I was glad
enough. Frankie was In town, In the
doctor's office studyin'. Pretty soon I
see Jimmie comln' up the hill, an' who
should be with him but that girl, an' as
I live, he didn't have a sprig. of pepper
mint. I didn't say anything when he
come up, but that girl, she looked at
me kind o* sassy like, ajj' I could have
hugged her right then an' there,, when
she said, 'I gueas Jimmie forgot all
about the peppermint, but here's some
I brought for you,' an', she pulled out
from the front of her shirt waist a lit
tle smitch with about three leaves, an*
handed it to me. Jframie didn't have
nothin' to say all the way home, anV
he'd shut up like a clam if I. so much
as mentioned peppermint for awhile.
' . "So you see, I knew the girl, an' I
"felt as bad as Jimraie did about it, only
I knew It was the best thing for him
that she wouldn't. hay e him first askln'. s
It's lots more worthwhile havin' any
thing if; you have to. work an* scheme
an' contrive for a year or so gettln' it,
than if. it , falls into your arms first
thing. : ; .
"I told Jlmmie that the best thing he
could do was to keep away from her.
Ofcourse, he didn't want to. I told
him, « of \ course, that I thought there
"was nicer girls, an' glrla that wquld
make him better wives, an* that he
: ought to remember that he was goln' to
havethe farm, an' that he'd be one of
• the best catches in the county, so he
ought ; to" look around; ; an* not I get '
snapped up : by somebody that didn't .
,have anything at all.' Maybe. 1 stretch
ed the ..truth when I said what I 'did
about better wives an' nicer girls, but
• if. a mother ain't got . the right to
stretch :, the . truth for her boy's sake,
who has, I'd; like to know?
, !. "Then I began real serious-like askin*
him. if he'd ever, stopped to think what I
. it means to get married, >n* to give" up
. , all .the ; flirtations, with other girls, * an'
Just stick .to one. An', if, he thought
\thls girl .was the one girl that he'd like
I to set down to breakfast with, an* din
ner, an', supper, , too, for the rest of bis
life. ¦ ;Just ; think,' says I, there are
three .hundred < and • sixty-five days .-in '
, a year, an'.? three meals In the day , ; ah*
you'll . live iat least fifty years, so you'll
"have to set down to the table with her
When . I want a thing kept, an' I'm
pretty near bustin" holdin" it in, I come
over an' tell you, but when I want a
thing spread, an' well spread, an'
spread without beln* mixed In the pro
cess, I go to her. She tell3 everything,
but she tells it straight. . If I want the
thing well mixed an' stretched before
it's spread, I go to another neighbor.
She couldn't tell any thin' straight If It
was only two words. Well, we got to
talkin', an' she happened to mention
the girl, an' said somethin' about Jim
mie's goin' with her. an' I says, kind o*
careless . like, 'Oh, he ain't goln' with
her any more; An' do you know, I
don't care If he don't go with her? She's
a nice enough girl, but — well, I've got
some other plans for Jlmmie.' There
was a new family moved into the town
ship over east, an' I knew she'd think I
was thinkin' about one of them girls.
The next day I sent Jimmie over to the
new family's on an errand, an" the day
after that ray spreadln' neighbor
hitched up an' drove over to where the
girl lived that Jlmmie wanted so bad.
"Well, there was a picnic the next
week, an' Jlmmie took one of the new
family's" girls, as I told him to. He
didn't have a good time, but what's
one. picnic more or less, when there's a
lifetime's happiness at stake? The next
week there wag another picnic an" the
girl was there. Jlmmie had gone with
me, but he got away durln* the after
noon. I went down after some of that
peppermint that'Jimmle hadn't got for
me the time, before, an* while I was
comin' back (I was alone, havin* man
aged to get away from Jim for a Uttle
while, though he did look kind o' lost
without me), who should I meet but
Jimmie an' his girl, an' her hair was
kind o' mussed, an' her cheeks was so
red, an' Jimmie's eyes twinkled so, an*
yet he looked so sheepish, that I asked
Just this way, 'When's It goln* to be?'
An' Jlmmie burst out, 'Christmas. '. I
sent Jimmie on ahead, teilln' him I had
a few things to say to the girl, an*
while we was talkin', she says, "The
' only reason I give him the mitten the
.first time he asked me was Just 'cause
you folks was so well off, an* I ain't
got nothin'," an* I was afraid you'd be
thro win' that up to Jlmmie all the time
when we was married. But when you
told. Cousin Jane, what you did about
me, that made me mad, an' I made up
my mind. to get him in spite of you.'
Then I laughed, an' said, 'Well. I'll try
to get along with you for Jimmie's
sake.'
- "An*, that's why I come over to-day
We want j you to come to the weddin*
Christmas. I know it's a long time
ahead, but it's the last. big doin's we'll
be havin' on the old place, for Jim an*
IVgoIn* to move to town the. first of
the year so , that Fr&nkie can have
somebody to look out for him."
THE END. ' -
be worse than the . coffee, so he'd try
some of the fried potatoes. My, how
mussy they looked in the dish! He
passed his cup back once ¦ for some
more v coffee. -He liked coffee, an' I
didn't see how he could stand it, but I
guess he thought' he :had to drink It
anyway. An' before: she could fill the .
cup she had to brush back some strag
glin' hairs, that looked as: if they was
goin 1 Into the cup, an' I see Jimmie
scowl, an' I thought -what a great big
difference it- makes ' whether you see I
'the N llght hair fluffln' 'round her face'
when you're .settin'. beside her on a" 1
moonlight night, or on a mornin' from
across the breakfast table. ' '¦¦
"Then^JImmie'd; try to talk! I al
ways made the boys talk at meals. I
don't believe in' folks settin' down ah*
feedin' themselves as if they, was stuf-'
fin* the business end: of a thraahln* ma
chine.. An' all Jennie could say' was
just nothin', an' giggle, only she; didn't I
feel much like gigglln' ; now, she. was so
cross. Then Jimmie gave up an' sat
tryin' to eat an' not sayin' a word, an';
1 thought again how much different the
same giggle sounds when you 'hear ' It *
in the ; moonlight ¦ or oh : Sunday, after
noon, -when ev'ry body's: careless an'
happy," an', when : you ; set opposite that
same giggle at the breakfast table ev'ry,
•day. •"•.-•.,
. "Finally Jim made such a fuss that I- ,
was afraid j the | young folks would hear
him, 'cause' I wouldn't; go back- to, bed. .
do' you know, he ; really thought I .
was sick all the tlmean' I didn't dare;
tell, him what I was t tryin'. *; to do for
fear he would give it away?' So I went
back to | bed an'.: Jimmie . come" in | to see
how I was before he went off to '.work.
He looked hungrier than ever an' I
pitied him. ;.: I -almost wanted, to reach ;
under-the pillow an', give him some "of -
the cookies that I had to, nibble" on be r
tween- times, vbut-Ii thought iti better >
not to. -Then he started off to work an' ¦.,
I knew that he iwas; quite cured when
I i see him start off ¦ to the other; end of
the farm \ In: spite of what ; his father
had planned' for>hlm ; .to: do .near the
house;.
'¦"About 'ten o'clock sister ! drove up, ;
all ; alone,? an' i she .brought : me v'round
In - short : order. v; Or. at least that was 1.
whatr Jim :".thought. Of t course.'Ii told
her .what was .up. An',' she cured i me';
rigLt'away- an'; at eleven i Jim -started'
home Kwith^"Jennie an',) right r; glad :she .
was to get; away,. AThenVwe' pitched in
an' if .we didn't \ have ; a' rousing old : din- *
ner f for,thdse, two; menlwhen" they come .
to 1 answer i the Hbell ! : v Jimmie :was t as :
pleased 'as ¦ could ,bei to i; see mej^up: an'
around.>. An!* he' looked' mighty; relieved •
when «he looked .around '.' and ' didn't • see '
for him to come to me. I see one day
he was tryin' to arrange it so we could
have a good talk together, so I planned
for him to" take me to town. I don't
know of a better place to talk than in
a buggy. An" then I "kind o' think
Jimmie's more used to talkin' on such
subjects as he was goin' to talk about
when he's out drivin'. . So. we started
out for town, an* as v soon as We got
started he begun. I don't remember
juat what he said, but the substance
was that he wanted my advice about a
girl that, he'd been goin' with, 'an' he
thought she; was the only one for him,
an'. she seemed , to like him, but when
he popped the question she give . him
the 'mitten, an' the poor. boy ..was all
broke up. He kind o' stammered an'
get ' so' mixed up that I had to guess
about half he was tryin'to say, but I
knew \ most -of It ; before, so it didn't
make a difference. ' Of course, I
couldn't. let him" know, that I knew It at
all, f cause it's Just as well* sometimes
that' the men should think ..we women's
as glow an' dull 1 as they be. I kep' on
askln' questions," an'he kep* on feelin'
worse an' worse.. I knew the boy was:
pretty. badly smlt, as I thoroughly apv
proved of the girl. Of course, I knew
her. There ain't ," a girl in our part r of
the country; nor; many. In ? other : parts
that I don't know; An' I know whether
they ever look ; at I my boys, too, an' I
know: ev'ry one of their famines back
as far as when they; first come, to .the
county, anyway.- Why, 'a mother's got
to . know them things. ' . How's ; her boy
goin', to be. happy. if she don't see that
he gets; the ; right girl?,. Of course, I
never interfere when a boy's .: in love,
but it's Just, as well not'tolet ; him!get'
in | love with ; a' girl that ain't the right
one. * I don't know what boys does that •
ain't got no mothers; or is so ¦ far away
from: 'em that' the mothers can't /know
the girls the boys knows.'- But usually,
if the: boy.; is right; smart, he'll ;look
around an', finda second mother, who'll
kind o'.:take the, place of the one that's
gone/ or ain't -there," an".help : >him£"out
when. he needs help. *
. "As ; I wai sayih', I knew, the girl. I'd
been, to a picnic once rwhere' she was/
Picnics?. Of course we go to picnics, as,
long as weican stand to ride in. rockin'
chairs - In Uhe~ backs 1 of * 4 wagons, or .can
stand to ' be dressed long , enough i to get j
to the picnic place and back, an' I have
heard of ; one old man who always '< had
acottook'along In the, back of the wag
gon;' so, if , he had to, « he ; could s lie down
all K the : ,way I home. * What's • picnics ; for ;
but '.to' go- to ?/ An' do you ithink'the
young i folks •: is goin' > to ? have •¦ all " the
fun?" Well— seems as if I 'couldn't stick
to : what ' I'm ;tellin' ! to-day to-. save my
an' wanted to go for the doctor. " Then
I told him that all we needed to worry
about was for some one to do the work
till my sister come on Thursday. I had
felt the spell comin* on, so I'd written
for her. But we'd have to have some
one to do the cookln' an' look after me
a little, 'cause the men had their work
to do around the farm.- So I told him
to go over an' see if Jennie couldn't
come over an* stay till my sister come.
I. said somethln' about that she ought
to be willin' to come, an' Jimmie
blushed like anything. But he started
off, so as to have her back by dinner
time. After he was gone, I got up an'
hid away some more of the bakin' I'd
done the Saturday before, thinkin' it
Just as well that Jimmie should have a
Plenty of his girl's cookln'. You know
since Jimmie had been workin' on the
farm, we didn't have any hired man,
so I couldn't get the hired man's wife
to help out.
"She came 'back with him, an* they
found me In bed, restin' a little easier
than when he went away, but it was
pretty near time for Jim to be home,
an' Jimmie had left some work that
had to be finished.. so they both had
to go to work. It was kind o* lone
some layin* there flat on my back, but.
I'm willin' to suffer in a good cause, an*
if that wasn't one I never see one. ; The
girl had her conceit right with her an'
went to work to get a big dinner, i I
could smell It when she some in to Bee
how. I was . gettln' along. I hated to
have bo much good., victuals go to.
wast«. an* yet I thought of, my plans,
an' I can give up a good deal to have
my plans go through.
"Jim come home before dinner, an*,
for a minute was pretty badly scared,
but I calmed him down, an' finally, per
suaded him not to think he had to go :
for the doctor. I told him we could get
along all right till my sister come,- an',
then she'd bring me, round all right.
"Jennie looked smart an', chipper as
could be at dinner, an' I guess it wa'n't
more than half spoiled, an* besides
there, was some.'of bakin 1 left, but I
knew. . that would run out at suppert
time. Then . she would have to make .
bread or . biscuits. I hoped she'd . try
both. I could • hear ' Jimmie come in
ev'ry once in awhile durin' 1 the after
noon an* stop an' talk a while with the:
girl, an' finally after what seemed like
days, supper time came. All I had /was
tea an' toast; an', the. tea was too weak
an' the toast was cold. But I ; remem
bered the other; martyrs,' . an' ' thought
how glad I ought to be to get even' that
much. ' Before gettin'-up. time : next
mornin', I made up my mind that, most
of them that's wha,t they- call 'chronic ;
invalids' is really : sick, so sick of layin'
'round that they're so weak they can't:
get uj>. : - •
.- "I don't think breakfast went ' off ' so
very well the next mornin', for-. I-
on the next farm, th© Hawkins :. one,
you know, the one we didn't buy, an*
was pretty well acquainted before ever
Jimmie come home to , stay. > Then he
went to one of their parties, an' pretty
soon his little '.¦ drivin' mare an', new
top buggy was workin' nights an'. Sun- :
days, an* even then it seemed as if they
couldn't keep up.: Of course, I knew all
the time what. was goln' on, an 1 .- while,
of course I knew It was one of the new,
folks, I hardly thought that Jlmmie
would be such a • fool as . to take ' the;
least likely one of the whole lot. But •
that's Just like a boy. looks- Js all they
think about.- Well, of course, I'd been
over to visit 'em, an' I -kep' my eyes .
open. Any woman that thinks any
-" thing of her sons keeps her eyes open
when there's girls around that there's
any* ganger of her boys takjn* a shine
to. Ah' J noticed when there was any
work to be done, that the oldest girl
was called onto do It, an* that the one
that Jimmie wo* so sweet on was. late
In comin' down to meals, an' shewent
•round the house tWleven o'clock with
her shoes unfastened, an* her-, hair
wasn't. combed till the dinner-bell rang,
one mornin' I was there. I -don't be
lieve In that sort of thing, an' my boys
ain't used to it. at least not since I' Ye
been their ma, an*. I knew that Jimmie
didn't ever see that side of the girl's
character. • ..
"Jlmmie kep' on gettln' worse an'
worse smlt, an' finally -I made .up .my
mind it was time to do somethin',
They wasn't engaged yet, I knew that,
but they was Just on the point of bein'.
Anybody with any kind o* eye .can tell
when a young couple is Just on • the
point o' bein* engaged. I don't know
Just how it is. but if you ever see a
couple together, or see one of 'em
when the other is spoken of, you can
always tell.
"One week I wrote to my sister an
asked her to come an' see me the next j
week Thursday. I knew she'd get
there about 10 in the mornin', an' then
I began carryln' out the rest of my
plan. I got Jim to arrange the farm
work so that Jlmmie could be around'
the house for two or three days Just
before my sister come, not loafln'. but
workin' near enough the house so he
could come In two or three times In the.
forenoon, an' the same. In. the after
noon.
"On Monday mornin 1 after ! Jim had
gone to town with Frankie, I was
taken sick so I couldn't do anything.
I rung the dinnerybell for Jimmie an'
then went into the house an* dropped
onto the lounge in the slttin'-room. He
come In on the run, an' found me
stretched out on the lounge, an' he had
to help me to the bedroom. I wasn't
so sick as I was Just weak. I told him
I'd been havin' such spells for some,
time before, for he was awful scared,
Bervea, or anything except Just the
most common things, that we Just had
to have. We hadn't had any cake for
almost two weeks, now, an' sauce only
once when we had company. Jim
looked around over the table, an" then
he says more' n I ever heard him say
at one time before, 'Ma, I guess we
might as well have all we want to eat,
now, again.. I told Hawkins this after
noon that we« wouldn't want his farm,
wouldn't have 'no -use for it. An' • to
morrow, you can" do your bakln' for
that picnic next Wednesday, 'cause on
Saturday we're coin' to town, all of us,
to get the boys some clo'es, an'- to ar
range for a boardin'-place for 'em; so'b
to be ready when school begins. "Ap'..
you can send Mis' Jones' sewin'- back I
an' tell her you ain't goln' to do It. 1
An* then I said, for of course I had to
have the last word, 'Why, pa, that sew-
In* is the waist I'm makln'-to wear to
the picnic next week-' "
CHAPTER VII. -
A SlartjT to the Cause.
"Good mornln', I'm right glad to sea
you. Thought since Jim had to come
over here to attend court that I'd come
along and spend the day. Oh, yes, I'm -.
well. You heard I was sick? Yes, the
report got around. I did have to have
some help for awhile, but we're all all
right again. The boys? Oh, they're
both well. Frankie is In the high
school In town. Stays In from Monday
till Friday. Jimmie's helpin 1 to run the
farm. 'How old is he?' did 3"ou say?
Oh, Jimmie's 19, now, an* Prankie's 17.
He wants to be a doctor, an' eo we're
givin* him the chance. Jlmmie wants
to stay on the farm, an' he's doin'
right well, too. Jim seems to be gettln'
eo he don't care If he don't work. Talks
about movin' to town, an' I expect he'll
want to give up the farm to Jlmmie as
eoon'a he gets married. . . -
"Oh, no, he ain't thlnkln' of gettlri*
married, now. He was thlnkin' pretty
serious awhile ago, but he's got all over
that. Of course, he wouldn't have got
married right away, he's so young, but
he would have got engaged, an* he's the
kind that don't back out of anything
when be gets started, so I s'pose he'd
be wantln' to get married pretty soon
if I hadn't been sick. An' that's what
I come to tell you about. It seems so
good to have one place where I can
come an' talk without it's beln" spread
all over the township. Of course, it
comes handy to have things spread
once in awhile, but this ain't one of
'em. An* it's no fun talkin" to Jim
about it, for he don't seem to under
stand. But Jimmie's different. He can
understand, but this ain't a subject
that it's best to talk to him about.
"What am I talkin' about? Well,
ain't I goin* to tell you Just as soon as
I can? Now I'll start at the beginnln*.
Last year when Jlmmie come back
from town school, an" made up. his
mind to stay on the farm, he found we
had some new neighbors. They was a
whole parcel of 'em. mostly girls,' with
a Ehifless, ol* t'bacco-furnace ol a
father, an' a dragged-out, washed-out,
ol' mother, an* the whole lot of 'em
went slantin' along like as If they was
R-anin' up against the wind. An' I
kind o* suspected they had consump
tion, the whole kit an* bilin* of 'em. but
I wasn't sure, an' I ain't yet But the
girls all looked slick's could be, when
they was fixed up. All had yaller hair,
an 1 pink cheeks, an* blue eyes, that's
bright an 1 pretty now, but Just you
wait till they've been through what
their mother has. or any other woman
that lives on a farm, an' they'll have
that same dragged-out, white-eyed
look that their mother has.
"That's one trouble with boys gettin'
married. They dom't look far enough
back even to see the mother. The girl
herself Is the whole thing with them,
an* three-fourths of the time they don't
seem to think that 'like mother, like
daughter, like father, like son.' an'
when they ain't happy after' they're
married, they blame ev'rybody bul
themselves. Just s'pose they was out
buyin' horses. "Wouldn't they expect
to get a crib-bitin', kickin* colt if the
mc-ther was a crlbber an* a kicker, an'
the colt had been raised with the
mare? An' yet they don't use half the
Judgment In pickin' out their wives
that the commonest fool does In buyin'
his horses an' cattle. If it's good pay
in' policy to have pedigree cattle, on'
registered horses, an even pigs, why,
in the name of common sense, ain't It
a good payin' policy to know what your
wife's folks was, whether they was the
kind that 6tarved out everywhere they
ever lived, or whether they really had
gumption enough to do things an'
make a livin'? An' you can't depend on
the kind o' houses the folks live In to
tell anything about it. Some of these
here log cabins back in the woods
turn out better pedigreed youngsters
than some of your swell' houses in
town. You've Just got to use your
common sense 'cause the finest regis
tered cattle don't always have the best
stables. That; is, use what's a wo
man's common sense! Seems like that's
a man's uncommon sense. Well, It
seems as if when I get started on this
subject I never can stop, an* I don't
get the chance to talk very often on it,
for Jim Just laughs, an' of course I
can't talk to the boys. There's things
that It's Just as well not to talk to the
boys, but that ; don't mean that you
mustn't Impress It on 'em some other
way. But I'll go back to what I was
tellln', now. BPSkBQW
"When Jlmmie come home he • found
these new neighbors. They'd moved in
THF;/ SAN SUNDAY-: CALL.
For the purpose of encouraging California and Western writers. =Each' Week for the Best* . No story will be considered that is less than 3500 nor more than
by offering a consideration for short stories equal to that paid by the . •. _^. •«* era "«• ' tKaa words in leneth The length of the story must be marked in
best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown dF^ f» |f tTfck &!&* «T^ *W^ a^vl a]| nisin figures '
writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con- ' i&^ %**& f[ Jtf |f W " >§K | fl | ||sf p "gurcs. .
test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best JT^ jf^ j| j| X^^ £ , h sclection of stories names wi U not count. The unknown
story submitted. There is no section of America more fertile »n ma- •• .-^- ¦»•» . . . - v «,_-_ 4.1,.. e *m.» , f1 .j;- ff -«. the nonnlar author
terial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to give spirit to the writer wilK have the same standing as the popular author.
material at hand than is California and the West. Therefore the Sun- ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ - - ¦ '¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ J , B' 'f* : » . t . r -1. e j r«-n i- *^ _ _.„ _«_,.
day Call offers $50 for the best story submitted each week by a West- Mmk. ffHU .^^^ >^^^ r *£ S ° ne ° f - the ° biCC . ? %? £c S nhlJl L rnnT;^
ern^ writer. Stories of Western life and Western characters will, as a #lllb ¦ B*~ W^^ ?f Westem WltCrS C? - 8 ? ne wm h? 2rfl w O P rth thr^ter'f Slme
rule, be given the preference, but all strong stories, and especially Si^ M^SL IK H P#^ If a story earns publication it Wl ll be well worth the writer s name,
strong stories by new writers, will receive careful consideration. Ilsl§i>H»w_ ¦¦)¦¦¦ . ¦ fliS^ • Wm'^t *3^^fet«^ ' j -i 1} j ™ .
Each story will be iudeed strictly upon its literary merit. Type- ' ; r^^H&" •' "' -^B ' S^ IS J^^ Stories not accepted will be returned at once. Those selected
written cony is the easiest to read and will receive the first consider- m|t|| E§i MM- i*¥&L Msk fFftWWii wiI1 be P ubllshed one cach week -
ation from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand- <fraHp'^f$* ' , ' '' ' r ¦^HBHr ..-.'-¦ ; -i: '-•. ¦ ';..-: r->/-fu .#; f '-^v- :-*'.' ' . " r - v '
writing if you cannot afford to have it typewritten. l&iiS/ This fiction contest will be continued indefinitely.
Fifty dollars in cash for a story of not less than 2500 words and ||||p- ¦ mtSmk' % '. . ' • : .'"^^ c j. ''?•;"" .' ; -..•.. VI / • . ¦ -, : -.
net more than 3.S00 words is approximately $17 per thousand words, .•'¦-,..... ,...,-, ~~. : ' ; '•¦ - i : An author may submit as many manuscripts as he desires, but no
or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading magazines — — Submitted tO tllC one writer will be permitted to win more than three prizes during the
for the work of any but the very best writers is rarely more than . ¦ •¦• ?jww*«ivi«a v contest.'* '
two cents a word, more often one cent and a half, and generally one w w ' <^ v « S L ¦" ' a w* «m jfik. AW W V/II
crnt. With the majority of magazines the writer, after his story is ac- ffj W a i^wl H» - ' S *^ H M Always inclose return postage. No manuscripts will be returned
cepted, is compelled to wait until the publication of his story before \S B 1^3 H J& $3i%k H Wl. m J^k H U unless ccccmpanied by return postage.
he is paid, a period of seldom less than six months, and usually from \JP & du^ <fflT<Sb -A *^j0 & aib tBaOy tfaew VIII
nine months to a year. The stories accepted in this contest will be . '• ' ' . "- ; • Write on one side of paper only; put name and address legibly on
paid-.for immediately upon publication, and will be published on the V 7 :'r '¦ " - ¦ ¦ - i ast r, age a nd address to the SUNDAY EDITOR' OF THE CALL.
first Sunday following the iudping of the week's manuscripts. <TT^ P""* > £Y* f*^ SAN FRANCISCO CAL./UST such a yarn as Archibald
Clavering Gunter delights in is
"The Closed Book." a/ mystery
tale by William Le Queux. Though the
plot Is thoroughly Guntherian, It must
be admitted that the popular wizard of
the yellow-back sh'jcker has more lit
ers, ry style than Mr. Le Qu^ntx, and
this statement xnay be taken for what
It is worth.
Jtiis* author, who ttyles himself "Le
BORGIAS
in a Mystery Story
y^EADERS may remember the
¦ jf£ book. "My Mamie Rose." which
appeared last autumn with the
name of a new writer upon its cover-
Owen Kildare. The sub- title of the
book was "The Story of My Regener-,
ation," and it narrated the rise of the
author from the depths of New York's
slums to the clean, thinking llkeJof
one of the higher social order. A re
markable story; was this, remarkable,
too, the fact that it was written by ; a
man who had not known how to spell
or write his. name until within a" scant
two ' years " before -. the "'appearance '¦ of
his first written* words ¦ In "print. : No w,
in ' the ¦.interval -the "appearance
of another novel * from the pen of this
Belf-pturged," . self-lettered ], man. r -4 there
appears > email "volume of . his , first
fugitive ¦-' wri tings, contributed "to the
Sunday editions ; of : New- .York'v papers
when Kildare was 'feeling; the first Im^
.kildare:
tHe Bowery Writer
/TAKE it as a personal grievance
that a grudging publisher has made
me wait, these many months . before
sending me a copy of George Allan
England's poems, "Underneath . the
Bough." However, consolation comes
in the reflection that poems gain little
enough recognition from reviewers,
and that even though a tardy one, per
force, . this brief estimate of some ex
ceptional verse may lead others to read
and ' be charmed.
» Mr. I' England's verse is not notable
for originality, save in the realmlof
the j bizarre. His poems Yof life and
, death, of of pesslmlstic\ re
flections : upon the value of human en
deavor and human Ideals, bear the In
fluences of Swinburne", De Musset and
even: that Decadent of all Decadents,
Paul Vy'erlaine-' It isras a stylist that
England achieves^ high excellence. His
sonnet forms, the ballad ? and ' the dif
ficult rondeau are made under his hand
more perfect in technique than, a- great
part Tof the verse * sung by contempor-j
ary bards.j-A certain musical lilt- and
harmony ; of .thought with movement
give; to England's creations the rip^
pling,' flowing. movement; that we look
for in the poetic fantasies of Rossetti. • . ;
j-^MERSON HOUGH— he of "Mis
/^ slssippi Bubble" fame — allows
himself to wax exceeding melo
dramatic In his last novel, "The Law
of the Land," by name. This ele
ment, in conjunction with two other
reprehensible errors in good judg
ment, comes very near to spoiling the
story.
The author has chosen for the mo
tive a question which must be handled
with very soft gloves under all circum
stances^ — the present day race problem
In the Far. South. Further, he Jbas not
approached his subject in an equal
spirit of non-partisanship; In too
many places the glaze of fiction runs
v^zy thin and impassioned argument
betrays the opinions of the writer un
disguised. Of course, some of the
greatest novels have been aimed at the
correction of social wrong and it is
considered well within the province
of the sU .y writer to, turn his pen to
this high aim. but it is a grave ques
tion whether or not Mr. Hough has
shown good taste in' thus running' a
rancorous probe into the very,, center
of one of the sore spots of oar national
ioiji.il structure. -
The major part of the tale's action
has for its theater ; the plantation of
one Calvin Blount. situated in the very
ENGLAND -
Writes Sweet Verse
THE LAW
of Black Vs. WHite
<y^ERHAPS a well known New Yor*
BJ book reviewer has approached the
'* task of criticizing Marie" Corelli's
latest, "God's Good .Man." in- a
way the most practical if not the most
orthodox.: He handles the book in
terms of bulk, as one would figure up
on a carload of potatoes or invoice a
shipment of sheep. The story co-n
pnses 523 pages of fine print, closely
set, - 4 50 .words ; to the page, being the
average arrangement; i in some of f»«j
dialogues each of the interlocutors d*
l;-ers himself of : from 300 to 500 word3
without pause for breath; many of the
author's reflections upon life and things
occupy space of "a thousand words cr
more. Titanic Is a good word u b*
ust ti in' summing up. .this effort.
Need it be said that though I* hav«
hkd; this book on . my desk for thres
weeks, a recent night, of * strenuous
reading barely sufficed to close the
ten days' effort at completing It— and"
that with several jumps over . Mi<5
Ccreili's assertions of the [ego, numer
ously; bespattered' through the narra
tive. This, with attention divided be
tween a' dozen'other, books simultane
ously, .t was : wont to, breed a /slight
pi ejudUce^ 'may be, ] against ; "God's " Good
Man." ll '- am ; free? to .acknowledge " the
fault, -but humbly -enter, the • plea f of
extenuating circumstances before con
demnation. Is passed, t Suppose you had
to read "Tom : Jones," par. example, in
; the intervals .of preparing a* legal brief
for '¦• submission .to court,' or of tearing
COREkWS
"God's Good Man"
New Books Received
" THE COMMON LOT— Robert Her
rick; The Maemillan Company. New
York; illustrated; price fl 50.
THE MASQUERADER — Katherlse
Cecil Thurston; Harper A Bros., New
York: Illustrated: price Jl 50.
JAPAN— AN INTERPRETATION' —
Lafcadio Hearn; The Maemillan Com
pany, New York: price 12.
LIFE OF SHAKESPEARE^ — W. ' J.
Rolfe; Dana Esles A Co.. Boston;
price $ 3.
JEWISH ENCYCLOPEDIA. Volume
vm— Published by Funk A TVagsaBs
Company. New York; sold only oa
subscription."
LITTLE ALMOND BLOSSOMS^ —
Jessie Juliet Kr.oi: . Uttle. Brown A
Co.. Boston; Illustrated: price $1 59.
CHATTERBOX FOR 1304 — Dana.
Estes & Co.. Boston; Illustrated; price
$1 25.
IT ALL CAMS TRtTE — Mary F.
Leonard; Thomas Y. Crowell A , Co..
New York; illustrated;* price 60 cents.
LITTLE-. METACOMET — HezekJabi
Butterworth; Thomas Y. Crowell A
Co., New York; illustrated; price 60
cents.
THE PRINCESS THORA— Harris
Bur land; Little. Brown Jc Co.. Boston;
illustrated; price $1 50.
THE CLOSED BOOK — William Le
Queux; The Smart . Set" Publishing
Company, New York.
COMRADES IN ARMS — General
Charles King; The Hobart Company.
New York-
OLD ENGLISH BALLADS—Wil
liam Dallam Arms; the ~ Maemillan
Company, New York; Thumbnail Clas
sics series: price 25 cents.
STORIES OF THE GOOD GREEN
WOODS — Clarence Hawkes; Thomas
Y. Crowell A Cot. New York; illus
trated: price 60 cents.
DOROTHY'S SPY — James Oti»:
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co, New York;
illustrated; price (50 cents.
7 HE book "Guns, Ammunition 2nd
Tackle," which is brought out
in Macmillan's American
Sportsman's Library under the gen
eral editorship of Caspar Whitney, is
full of meaty things for all followers
of the gun and rod. The practical
and the theoretical in matters . of
small game shooting, the teachings of
experience in handling the rifle either
at the target or in the woods, and the
latest wisdom culled from the modern
Izaak Walton are herein garnered into
a satisfying storehouses of facts.
At first off Captain A- W. Money,
who has, according to his own word,
burned more powder and shot more
game than any man living, contributes
an exhaustive review of "The Shot
gun and It3*Handling." Incidentally
Captain Money confesses to having
been twice shot through carelessness
and having inadvertantly put shot
himself into three men and two boys
during the course of his career as a
sportsman, so the first and foremost
law he gives voice to In reference to
handling a gun comes with authority.
"Let any amount of game escape
sooner than run the slightest risk of
blinding, maiming or killing a human
being."
Captain Money draws interesting
comparisons between the class of
shooting done by Englishmen and
Americans. Over in the tight little
isle a sportsman has his pheasants
reared by hand, "or by a complacent
hen, rather, fed and counted by a
careful gamekeeper, and shot per
schedule . at an estimated" cost "of %»
a bird. . In this country the veriest
shaver shoots his rabbits and squirrels
fancy free and therefore - when he
grows to manhood he "outpoints his
English cousin at' every turn, accord
ing to this authority. The plentiful
quantity , of our game and the free
dom allowed to those wishing to hunt
It account for our superiority In
marks mans nip.
Two articles on the rifle, the prac
tice and theory of its use, by Horace
Kephart and W. E. Carlln. seem to
to give' every possible crumb of infor
mation concerning! that valuable arm,
even down: to the "algebraic determina
tion" of -its .trajectory of fire.l In "dis
cussing - the : killing power of * bullets
Mr. , Kephart comes out^ strongly, for
the "soft; nosed" variety in^that such
guarantees t a more -certain mortality
than the ] high speed, hard missiles.
For devotees • of the gentler art of,
fly fishing "The Artificial Fry." by
WISDOM
for All Sportsmen
Lee A Shepard of Boston hax» in
their extensive list of holiday books
many that should have a strong' appeal
tff. little folks. In "Jason's Quest" D.
O. S. Lowell has retold the ev«r nsw
story of th« Golden Fleece In th« hap
piest manner. Spirited IHustraUons
serve to make the book en« of double
value for children. "Jack Tesfleld's.
Star," by Martha James, is a boy's
etorjr of achievement under dlCcuItles.
Very good and not a bit after th« man
ner of the Sunday school book. "Mai-
Ing the Nine" Is the athletic young
ster's particular prize. Though this is
primarily & story th« author. A. T-
Dndley, has Incorporated in it some
sound technical advice ea the great
game which win not be ¦pnrned by any
amateur batsman or "•moire.'*
"Puss In the Corner" Is a. pictun*
book for very young readers— a. puzzle
look In fact. Uany elders who remem
ber the Joys of lying comfortably on
one's stomach and working out the
picture puzzles ta the back of old "St.
Nicholas" wd-buy this for the young
sters at home. Dana Estes & Co. of
Bostonfare Its publishers. They are
also the people who bring out "Chat
terbox," last bat not least In consid
eration. This old standby defies re
view; it is simply "Chatterbox." and
Eke the sign on the patent breakfast
food box — 'nough said.
heart of the "Black Beit'^in tne river
bottoms of Northern Misissippi, where,
as that fiery gentleman himself says,
tht- whites are living on the top of a
black volcano. The author has con
jured urra situation — not unusual, we
admit — wherein the brutal negroes un
der the leadership of a voodooistic
"queen" commit acts r of desperate
fiendishness against the handful of
whites who represent the thin line of
law and order in the district. In re
taliation the whites even exceed the
blacks In the cruelty of their reprisals
and to the uninitiated dweller beyond
the border it seems that "the law of
the land" Is naught but the conspicu
ous absence of all law.
Against well meaning but mis
directed enthusiasts of the North, who
are constantly urging upon the negro
his right to share in the Government,
Hcugh lays all the blame for the con
ditions he depicts in his novel. He
would have it that such agitators have
even wrought in the minds of the
ignorant blacks the dream of a black
republic In the South; that they have
caused the negroes to have faith in a
John Brown redfvivus. Here is the
Southern whites* protest against the
attitude of the North:
"But we denounce and always will
denounce that false decree which say3
that black Is white; that inequality is
equality; that lack of manhood is
manhood itself; that the absence of a
hearthstone can mean a home; that
the absence of a home can mean a per
manent society." •
Hough Is evidently sincere in these
sentiments and nothing- of the poseur
can be detected In his attitude. But in
the working out of the clash between
white and black in the story he In
troduces situations which certainly
would well adapt themselves, to the
10, 20 and 30 cent "home of refined
melodrama." . A. score of murdered
negroes sit stark along the benches
of their flooded meeting-house," with
alligators rasping their grisly way
across the slimy floor. (Green cal
cium and shivery music.) Or again,
the booming o'f an African war drum
in the canebrake and the chanting of
barbaric tribal incantations by citizens
of the United States, black albeit. This
borders on the sensational, to say the
least.
(Bobbs-Merrill Company; Indian
apolis; illustrated.)
Chevalier" and whose portrait includes
the impression of some, cross or other
of the Holy Order of Thingumbob, has
despite all this a fearful and wonderful
power of invention. He takes for the
motive of his tale the old convention of
hidden treasure, but the key to its find-
Ing is something entirely novll in the
record of light fiction, and for that he
must be praised. Nothing less than an
ancient codex or memorandum, which
poisons the reader even as It yields the
secret of hidden treasure, Is the pin in
Le Chevalier's plot machinery upon
which all is balanced.
On the blank pages of an ancient folio
of forgotten lore which the narrator of
the story had picked up from the cel
lecticn of an antique dealer in Florence
there is written the confessions of one
Godfrey Lovel, one time secretary to
the infamous Lucrezia Borgia and co
conspirator in many of that Jezebel's
poisoning plots. This memorandum o£
the old villain details the particulars of
many of the mysterious deaths that
signalized the pontificacy of Alexander
VX and ends with a description of the
hiding place cf the famous Borgia jew
els, as well as a key to the finding of
fabulous treasure that had been' hidden
by the monks of Croyland in England
In anticipation of the raids of bluff
King Hal's monastery levelers.
But this same Godfrey Lovel, true to
his profession of poisoner, has Impreg
nated the leaves of this book with some
of his favorite essences, so that the
possible reader will- never live to seek
out the hiding places of treasure which
he T*m« revealed. Of course, then, &
grisly path of mystery and destruction
follows through the Chevalier's tale of
the reading of this deadly book and the
eventual uncovering of glittering gems.
The shadow of the Borgias fails
obliquely on every person implicated in
the hunt for their misbegotten pelf.
A good story thie, but one that suf
fers in the telling.
(The Smart Set Publishing Company,
New York.)
pulse, of: the n?w life, and thought.
"The Good of the . Wicked" it is
named. '. J --
Of course this ; Owen Kildare was
made much of when first he began to
tell Vof the V life Jthat £ei had lived in
Bowery/dive andU the*: : Bleecker street
gam Dling "hole, and by certain of the
newspaper editors .and writers of New
York he was treated as a gifted freak
of the social order — u man to be lion
ized in the sanctum and double-lead
ed in the paper. Under all this wall
meant flattery it seems that the man.
who had once been"- "booster" for a
dance hall on the Bowery had the
hard good sense to remain unruffled.
His first papers — brief sketches telling
of the life of the ! "submerged tenth" —
have little of the^self-conscious about
them and much that betrays the dia
mond in the rough. By comparing
these random first flights of Kildare's
genius with the real literary finish and
neatness of workmanship displayed in
his subsequent book, "My Mamie
Rose," one can deduce an interesting
lesson in the normal growth of the art
of written expression.
Through, all of these sketches there
can be found the old Kildare where
the varnish of -newly acquired culture
has not yet glossed over. "It was a
swell place, all right.", and "we beat
the whole bunch"— then in the next
breath he has caught himself and
swung to the other extreme of ma
chine-made phrases from story books
about, "misty vapors ascending from
the fields" and such. Everywhere the
newly made man and budding writer
is searching*, trying after* what is ap
proved and paring off that which re
mains from the. thought and habit of
the old order of things.
, Were these the sketches of some
one other than Kildare they would
not hold attention for five minutes.
for in themselves they have little
worth.- But as indicative of what per
severance and a powerful will for -the
best can unite \ to do for" one from
whom every joy of life had been de
barred by the circumstance of birth
they have a claim to careful and ap
preciative reading.
(Baker & Taylor Company, New
York.)
Frederick Lawrence Knowles has
boiled down Captain Marryat's "Peter
Simple" to a size and consistency com
mensurate with youthful assimilation
and put it forth under the title, "The
Story of Little Peter." The original
"Peter Simple" Is unquestionably one
of the best sea tales In English,. and
this abridgment of it to fit the appreci
ation of little readers is a commend
able work. * Dana Estes & Co. of Bos
ton publish the book.
The poet's conception of death admits
nothing of the fanciful, the spiritual;
It is steeped in realism, grim, maybe,
to the length of repulsion but powerful,
wonderfully powerful. Witness this
sennet addressed to three Peruvian
mummies— "The Royal Council," It is
named.
Eowed be three tijue-gaiwcl hea'is fax thought*'
rrofeucd
; -Oa crackltnj breast, ca fleshle» hands, ea
• .._. * knees
Sunk in the depths of end!<ess reveries.
Whilst fooiUn sue and fretful earth epJa
\ round.
I Br nisht they counsel, argue, plan, expound
And held hish cocrt as one* by tropic seas; ]
liy Jay , they rishtly take tfceir royal ease
T As fcttrth these whom death no mere, can
- - fcocnd.
- . Easre'Kin? and ye two ComwIHors of State.
t i»n yea with. Ignorant. living eyes. ,
«Ye fear no death who be already dead — . -
* i Time ¦ pricks you not. nor haste. Te ait and
'-- S?i* wait.
Each thoujhtful. passionless and very wise.
With shriveled bones and parchment -ccrered
head.
Another conception of this tangible
presence of death, "Carmen Mortis,"
incorporates a realism too strong to be
poetic, for it Is disgusting, though
wonderfully imaginative. Mr. England
should not let this appear in a possible
second impression of this volume.
Passionate love exhibits in some of
the poet's songs a burning
The transitory glory of beauty and
youthful transports strikes from. Eng
land, as from De Musset, a note of
dole. The following, after Ronsard in
the French, gives, expression to the
poet's feeling:
Co mi, sweet, away! Come, se« the rcse.
Now tfcat the day draws sear Its close.
See whether It b« Jaded srrown— .
Whether at evenins fall away
Those leaves that opened to the day.
Or dies their blush, so , like thine own.
Thou seest. d«ar krve. Us beaaties cass.
Its wasted petals fail, alas!
In one short hour. It may not bid-*.
Unkind • In troth is Mather Earth,
Since dawn fives such a. flower its birth.
And Death draws nich a: eventide.
So. sweet, rcy darling', hear my voice,
I bid thee. in thy youth, rejoice!
Before thy fragile peta!s clcae
.Gather thy blossoms while thou may.
With time they fall and fade away.
As droops at nisht the withered rose. *
In addition ' to this dominant strain
cf love and death this little volume of
verse Incorporates some very sympa
thetic bits on nature. The presence of
several translations from earlier lyric
pcets in the Italian, French and Span
ish adds to the book's worth.
''(The Graf ton Press. New Jork; price
$100.)
jryOUDAT books for children
£^£ continue to pour into the lap of
the reviewer in a flood unabat
ing. Stories for older boys and girls.
comical books of- strange animal3. il
luminated picture-books for toddlers
— the number and variety of these
Christmas offerings to the yocng la
the land seem to be legion.
One of the sweetest and tenderest
stories for juvenile readers that has
been written since "Captain January"
had 5ta first circle of devoted admir
ers is Ruth McEnery Stuart's
"Sonny," a book written eight years
ago and ever DODular. For the pres
ent season The Century Company has
brought out the story in a new dress
with attractive illustrations from the
pencil of Fanny Y. Cory, the clever
illustrator of children and childish
scenes, lira. Stuart's little book haa
gone through fourteen editions, and It
bids, fair to be fresh in the hearts of
children ten vears hence as it was the
month after its first appearance.
•9 *R. UPTON* SINCLAIR, anew
f^/M arid a very young writer — he
•/ rJL is yet well this side of thirty
has essayed the monumental
task cf writing a triology on the
Civil War. His first novel. "Mi
r.aswg.s." which has just been published,
deals with the train of events that hur
ried the country on to the "Irrepressible
ccniict'*: the second, "Gettysburg.**
¦will catch the tremendous struggle at
izs climax and the last. "Appomattox."
is designed to reflect the dying Sicker
©f the last cause. Certainly a re
markable task it is that this young
novelist has set for himself. He has
yustb on his side and, to judge from
the first of his triology. enthusiasm in
great measure; something noteworthy
should be found in the completed
wcrk.
Mr. Sinclair's "Manassas" is not an
historical romance based on a great
rational movement such as Church-
Ill's "Tie Crisis." or "The Crossing 1 ';
it fs." rather/ a romantic" history with?
more cf the element of history in it.
than of romance. With only the slight-'
ert web of a plot for a foundation the
author has attempted a comprehensive
jFurvey of Oe^ tangled skein. of events
that led the arrayed forces of slavery
and abolitionism into death grips. His
i;or>' d:2ers from the legitimate his
torical narrative only in its feature of
a close and intimate reflection of the
sixrial aspect of the great moral strug-
gle that preceded the kindling of the
war torch. The romantic coloring of
the strife — an element that is missed
by the -RTiter of history— is in Sin
clair's book the real cause of being.
This method of fitting romance so
closely to history that nothing of the
latter may be obscured has its .fail
ings, very plainly manifested in "Ha
nassas." Viewed strictly as a novel.
It cannot be called g»i because the
unities cf the novel are made sub
ordinate to the sequence cf historical
events; they axe even made to strain
themselves into alignment with the
ta.me- As a navel, "Manassas" fail3
again because cf the discursiveness
compelled by the author's attention to
the recital cf history- Whether under
the guise of long and irrelevant dia
logues cr frankly adduced as matter
divorced frcm the advancement of the
plot, the author has page after page
cf material that is not fiction, in any
eerse cf the word, but pure history.
The few characters he introduces, like
? he very flimsy plot, are mere shadows.
Eut as a careful and impartial study
cf tie complex series of events that
carried the country from the Missouri
Compromise to the day of the great
rent at Bull Run Mr. Sinclair's book is
Inspiriting reading. He has caught the
psychology cf history. If the term may
be used, the Inner workings cf Inspira
tion. «sg*estion and Impulse, which had
their rsarlfestatlons la the hurried
sweep cf events. The eddying currents
of thoexfct. which found expression in
the balls of Congress. la fiery Southern
barbecue and Northern council of the
"underground railroad." the author has
traced. All cf the elements of discord
between North and South that united
to drive them arunder are tersely and
TlgsrcTigly outlined. Perhaps with the
exception cf Thomas Nelson Page's
books co novel has photographed so
rclnutely acte-bellum spirit in the
Eouth.
Elcce Sinclair's story hews so closely
to the line of historical record the play
cf dramatic Incident has no great part
in It save as an elaboration* upon actual
events. There are two incidents, how
ever, wherein the titular hero cf the
tale come* to the fore In stirring ac
tion — one the hound hunt after an es
caped slave, ard the other the battle of
Bull Run, cr Manassaa, as the Confed
erates termed the field. In both these
opportunities the author exhibits a
virile pen for dramatic action. .Stephen
Crane's battle picture. The Red Badge
of Courage," Is no more vivid than Sin
clair's panorama of Bull Run; the psy
chology of strife in both- is equally well
done.
So much for "Manassas." If young
Mr. Sinclair holds to «tis project of a
trioiogy novel readers may live In
pleasurable anticipation. Let us hope,
though, that In "Gettysburg" and "Ap
pomattox" tliere win be no shadows for
characters— either flesh and blood or
none at sJL
(The Macrsiiian Company, New Tork;
price ?1 30.)
up the hall carpet in aousecleaninij
tirre.
Iti a liturgical preface of some length-
Hiss Corelii prays : sarcastically to be
delivered from the hands of the crlt-es.
"From willful misquotations, 'from
sentences garbled and random'v sec
firth to the public without context,
continuation or conclusion, in attempt
to do Injury to both the story" arvl !ta
writer. from the novel-skimmer's
epitome, abridgment synopsis or rua
ning commentary • • • may an
honest press deliver me."
This is comprehensive enoasi*. bit
ter enc-cgh. and of course the di.ihon?st
critic shrivels before it and draws in
his herns- In all contrition, then, and
with due humility, he ventures t> ask
ML-s Corelii to deign an answer to one
or two questions that disturb hij small
iiueTiect:
Is the Good Han in this story :he
only Churchman Miss Corelii could
ever tolerate, and if so, was it because
ho read Epictetus?
Did the Rev. John Walden's good
ness lie in finding utter abomination
In » everything appertaining to ?b<2
leisure class ?
If the Bev. John Walden shared
Jliss Corelli's beliefs concerning the
present condition and future spiritual
state of orthodox religionists would he
long be holding that comfortable "liv
ing" at St.' Rest?
Lastly— and this not a bit frivolous —
did Maryllia have appendicitis?
What Is the plot .of the book? But
that is interdicted, you see. by the au
thor's litany In the preface— "from the
novel-skimmer's epitome," etc I can
say. that there is a plot and that it is
one rich in incident. -The author calls
her work a simple love story - and
simple It is. -' A- ; rural '"- community In
England is the setting and individuals,
some urban, -y^me rural, the person
ages, i The ¦ story differs from many of
Miss Corelli's former novels in that it
does not convey any burning mea tag*
of redemption to a sin-ridden wo:!i
But no opportunity is let slip for get
ting in a slap at some of the writer's
favorite scapegoats. Miss Corelii is a
sterling good hater and now that
Queen Victoria is no longer 'able to
stand sponsor for her literary style by
marked favor, the lady who conceived
of the sorrows of Beelzebub, finding
herself without royal protect*) n in a
harsh world, assumes the offensive
with startling acerbity.
(Dood. Mead & Co., New York;
price $1 SO.)
A STRONG
Ante-Belltixn Novel
John Harrington Keene. covers th*
ground most satisfactorily. Mr.
Keene devotes a pood part of his ar
ticle to a discussion of the dry fly
fishing such as is practiced almost
universally on the still. slow-Sowing
streams of England. Thi3 tots little
known and highly specialised form of
the sport seems to have its attractions:
one cannot but wonder what kind of a
figure an American Cy fisherman
would cut on one of these limpid riv-~
ers, where a leader must be as spun
glass and the fly light as thistledown
to deceive the all-seeing beauty below
the surface.
(The Maemillan Company, New
York; Illustrated; price 12.)
?
BOOKS
For Youn|Readers
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
WHAT PEOPLE
ARE READINGchased by a bull- Worse was to come.
I was within forty rods of the spot
selected when I fell Into a hole and
a drove of hawgs ran over me. I had
the poem in my pocket, and somehow
It fell out. and upon my honah, suh.
one of those Infernal hawgs seized and
devoured it. My physical and mental
condition when I reached the ground
was totally unfavorable, but the Judge
was no better. He had fallen over a
log. tumbled into a creek and got
chased by a dawg.
"I have heard it said by the seconds
that there was humor in the situation.
I don't know as to that, suh. though
I did smile at the Judge and he at me.
However, we were there to fight, and
the seconds were measuring off the
distance wh€n a doctor appeared and
stopped the proceedings. He said the
Judge was coming down with chicken
pox and that it would be inhuman to
go on to a finish. I am not an Inhuman
man. suh, and so that duel was put off
again and is still hanging fire. My poem
was eaten by a razorback hawg, and
I've really forgotten the Judge's criti
cism, but on the first hint— the very
first breath — that he is ready to carry
out his part of it I shall be there.
"Meanwhile, suh — meanwhile, as I see
that the thermometer stands at 9S de
grees, and as a mint julep seems to be
the only thing that goes to the spot In
such weather—. Yes, suh — thank you,
suh. A very tall glass, if you please,
and plenty of ice in it."
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McCrare.)
NATIONAL DANCES
train and was soon' at his office.
"'Mawnln', Jim/ he said as I ap
peared. ' . ,
" 'Mawnin', suh,' I replied.
" 'Any mo' poems V
- " 'No, suh. I have turned to some
thing else, suh.' :
"'Gwine into hawgs?'.
:" 'No— into duels." Judge Harper, my
errand heah to-day, is to challenge you
to meet me on the field of honah.'.
" 'But for the land's sake, why? -You
and I . have been friends ' for the last
ten years— the best ; of friends. :. Don't
get no wheels into your head, Jim.'
" 'Suh, you • criticized, my poem and
called me an ass, and if you refuse my
challenge I shall publicly insult you.
Send your friend to Majah Gordon.' ;
"The Judge/ wouldn't? believe, for
some time that I in earnest, 'but
When he realized that I was, he
showed his gameness. He accepted
the challenge and named pistols,, and
we were to met In two days. ; v The
coming duel aroused the wildest', ex
citement, but it didn't 'come T off. ' I
caught my f oreflnger^ In j the doah and
badly injured it, and for, the first time
In ¦'. my life I had • to j a .postpone
ment of a dueL.- We. put? It 'off % f6r. a
week, but the day befo* It was T to. take
place the Judge fell over.a'dogronithe
sidewalk and hurt 1 his ,back; He of
fered to - go ;. to the field and ?. be Hied
upright to a tree while he flred,^ but,
o t course, that would have been ridic
ulous. I granted him ; a week In which
tc • get well, ' and,! then', another queer
thing happened. >~a; boy; on the 'street
threw a stone and injured my.eye/and
the Judge insisted on my taking two
weeks to get * well in. I offered to
fight that duel blindfolded, but , he
wouldn't hear of it."'.
. . "The two -weeks were up within two
days, rand I was indulging in target
practice, -when the Judge was taken
down .with the : mumps. Yes, suh, a
regular case . of the \ mumps, •> and
mighty bad ; at that. : He .was willing
to meet me with his Jaws tied* up; in
a clean rag, but I wasn't -bloodthirsty
enough to insist. The duel: had to be
postponed" forj three weeks, and after
the I first/week < had ; expired the Judge
telegraphed me to come over, and brin^
the-Doem. I went, and as r we shook
hands he said: v ; •*: / -< ;
"/Jim, . I, want to hear that poem
again./ Maybe. I did you injustice. 1
" 'Suh, do : you want to • insult me', a
second time?',* I' demanded. :. '
. ;>".'Not at all.*- Perhaps I was off that
day and^cpuldn't 'appreciate poetry.' .
. "I finally decided. to meet him half
way "and went ahead and (read ! ; flve
verses. ; Then' s he ~ stopped / me . .:• and
fainted away jest : like i a woman, and
when 5 , he [ recovered- hehad' the; cheek
to ; tell; me : that - was s all \ owing jto i my
poetry. . It ;,was ithen, \ suh-r-lt ¦ was , then
that I determined not to spare his life;
and' that .the ' duel j must ; be ! fought : at
the date named/ even If we (were : both
carried- to ; the • ground on, stretchers.^.,;
~ ; occurred ; to .-¦ call ' f or r fur-,
ther; postponement.*;; When } f the . day
dawned • I , set Jout for the spot selected,
intending "¦¦ to "be , first* pn T * the : ground.
That : has V been f iny v practice,
suh. ;.; Beingi first on"; the ground jhas a
great » moral i influence ; on : your oppo
nent/v ¦¦; He ,-¦ attributes * an '% Intensity.; of
determination to you that shakes his
nerve. 4£lnf climbing ' a fence I got a
fall, and ; in" crossing < a '.field SI i was
££^> N a hot day. sun." observed
f J Colonel Busker, as he re
y^J placed his glass with <jne
( hand and wl^ed his mouth
vrith the other, "on a day when the
thermometer marks 98 degrees In the
ahade, a mint Julep goes right to the
•pot. mih. as nothing else wilL It Is
fortunate for America that she grows
mint. I have sometimes thought that
she owes her greatness to It. Wher
ever you find mint you find patriot
tem.
"As to my duel with Judge Harper,
suh. It came about because of a poem
—¦the only one I ever wrote. I had
lectured several times on the battle
of Lookout Mountain, when my . old
friend Colonel Ross suggested | that I
write a poem on the same subject.
I gave the matter come thought and
then began th& work. It was to be
something to live for a thousand
years, and I took It slow and wrote
only when r felt like it I was writ
ing off and on all winter and I finally
completed the task. There were 120
I onr-llne verses, suh, and every line
was a picture by itself. That poem
breathed romance, courage, love, bat
tle,' patriotism — all that Is bravest and
best In man. It deserved to go down
|to: : future generations in letters of
gold, end I may say without egotism
that Its loss, by accident, was almost
a national calamity.
t*When I had finished the poem—
when the laet line of the glorious trib
ute to my comrades in the wah had
been written, Buh. I took the train and
Iwent down to Catsville to s read the
whole to my dear old friend Judge
H*rper. He knew I had been at work,
and "he h*d. vrrittrn tr.e encoaraelne
words. The Judge asked me to his
house, and after we had partaken of a
cocktail or two, I etarted in to read the
poem. .To my Intense surprise, I had
not yet finished the first verse when
the Judge made a criticism. I had made
•attribute* rhyme with 'distribute,'
which Is. perfectly poetical, but the
Judge thought different. In the second
vene he suggested three changes; In
the third verse four, and in the fourth
verse he claimed to find false syntax,
bad rhyme and something like sacri
lege. Four verses were all I read.
" "Go ahead, Jim,' says the Colonel
as I stopped.
" *i have finished, Buh.' I stiffly re
plied.
" 'But there are 116 more verses.' •
"They are not for you. Judge Har
per. You may know all about law, but
I'm euah you know nothing about
poetry.'
t " 'Colonel,' said, the Judge, Tm dis
appointed In you as a poet, but that
needn't break our friendship- You are
a soldier and a statesman, and we'll
let It go at that*
"But I couldn't," exclaimed the
colonel. "His unjust criticism ' rankled;
and I ; found . myself growing ; cold ' to-,
ward him. I bade him an icy good-day
and returned home, and it is Just pos
sible that ¦ I might . have forgiven him
had I . heard: no more of the poem
through him. . A week '. later ' he ¦ was
talking publicly about it and saying
that It was the lamest thing he ever
heard. In brief, sub.; the Judge strong
ly, intimated -that I was a moonstruck
ass for wasting time on a poem Instead
of attending - to my, garden. When ] his
words were~ repeated to me I took the
DANCING is said to have orig
inated under the skies of the
Pharaohs; it manifes'ted itself at
first in sacred sciences, severe
and hieratic: in the processions of
Apis.
In the course of ages it became in
terwoven, with all the expressions of
popular life, reflecting the passions of
man and translating the most secret
movements of the soul into physical
action. From the solemnity of relt
gious rites, from the fury of warfare,
it passed to the gayety of pastoral
sports, the dignity and grace of pol
ished society.
As early as the year 2545 B. C. we
find traces of the choregraphlc art;
no antique race gave themselves up
so eagerly to it as the Greeks; gait,
movements, even \ immobility, were
alike subject to ,its laws. This art
was so esteemed in Greece that chorus
masters or leaders were recruited
among the first citizens of the .com
monwealth.'" Their dances were very
numerous. and all derived from three
fundamental types, the sacred, the
military and the profane.- -In the
Hormos, I a sacred da~tce in honor of
Dian,a, all the youth of the two sexes
performed it unclothed, but without
offense to modesty, their attitudes be
ing chaste and beautiful. Such was
not the case in regard to profane
dances, which were often marred by
buffoonery and even by indecency.
Ritual dances were highly honored
by the Hebrews; David danced before -
the ark of the covenant in the choir
of the temple at Jerusalem; the Levltes
sang as they danced to the sound of
stringed and wind instruments. We
have also many other Instances of
public ceremonies, such as when Da
vid has slain Goliath, and Judith
bringing back the head of Holofernes;
they were all welcomed by dances.
The arts of Greece soon degenerated
after their migration to Rome; after
centuries of folly, which brought the
downfall of the great race, -dancing
disappeared; ' it is, however, to. be
traced again during the persecutions
of the early church, among the first
Christians. In the Church of St. Pan
eras at Rome there still exists a sort
of stage on which we are told priests
and worshipers Joined in measures,
led by the bishop. The Council of
Trent was concluded with a ball of
cardinals and bishops; but. at last a
papal decree abolished It in churches
and cemeteries.
National dances are generally a typ
ical expression of the race or epoch,
from which they originated. The
beurree of Poitou ' and Auvergne In
France is looked upon as a heavy
dance, somewhat coarse; the stamping
of sabots or wooden shoes is a char
acteristic accompaniment, marking
every third beat of the measure; it la
grave, and well becomes these rude
peasants. The modern wild cancan
needs no description, .being well
known. '
All Spain, indeed, thrills to the notes
of the fandango, pre-eminently the
national air, and one that accompanies
a step so ardent and so graceful. Men
and women, young and old, acknowl
edge its power, over the soul of every
Spaniard. The young, men spring to
their places, rattling castanets; the girls
are remarkable . for the willowy lan
guor, and' lightness of their : move
; ments, beating the exactest time with ¦
tapping heels. Partners tease and en
treat and . pursue' each other by turns ;
suddenly the music stops! , and each
dancer .shows his skill by remaining
¦ absolutely motionless, : bounding again
into the full ' life of the fandango as
the orchestra strikes up the measure
'i to triple time, intoxicating and seduc
* tive. ;.'.:.', ¦ . - : ¦ .; ; i'i-i:?; :
: - Let . us pass to the azure skies . of
Italy, .where we .' find the tarantella,
' which "owes its . name ' to ; the - great
spider, whose' bite was supposed to be
-cured only by - dancing to the point of
. exhaustion." - One hears ' at the . dusk of
day the ¦' tambourine, i with Its small
bells, and the castanets. It is the tar
antella! At first rather grave; the part
' ners bow; to '. each I other, '. moving apart
to meet again: " While . the tambourine
'. accelerates Its rhythm,. the dancers fol
lowing' It gradually/ at ; first swift, "- then
quicker and : ending In a frenzy, • as if
- all were ;' delirious from*:, the Insect's
sting— -this, whirling. Is sometimes kept
\ up for hours,* until the performers stop
. from sheer exhaustion. ; Very different
Is the -"klllie-kallum":* or "chlllle-cul
,-lum" of the Scots, who, as all old hardy
races, delighted in dances of a warlike
character," such '» as "* the; sword : dance.
.= It x is ". always 7 a L > part of their » holidays :
-and merry making.^; The evolutions are
complicated and 'require activity, agil
? ityj of I finished'; description : and a .keen
> ear- f or } time - and ' metrical proportion.
; besides ; the \ graceful ;' flinging i over and
( around I a ;• brace ? of .: claymores,
,• on the, ground,'. without touching or dis- :
';- placing them. ¦ Loud exclamatl ons, war
like howls, wavine of arms and crack-
rattles clanking at knees, hands
clinched and elbows bent, the proces
sion prances slowly around the sacred
stone, where they spit the snakes upon
the ground, emitting a strange cry.
half grunt and half wall. Then follows
a squad of devout old crones, carrying
baskets filled with finely ground corn
flour, which they scatter in profusion
upon the snakes as fast as they are
thrown down. A second division of
Indians then grasp the snakes con
vulsively In great handfuls and rua
with might and main to the eastern
crest of the precipice, where they are
released.
ing of fingers are the accompaniments
by which the dancer stimulates his own
exertion3-to the fierce skirling of pipes.
It is to- Ireland we must go for the
jig in all its vivacious activity, the
Irish race, possessing a natural taste
for both music and dancing. The lively
jig has a marvelous Influence over the
Celtic temperament which no alien
dance could in any way replace for
them* It has so strong a hold upon
them that few gatherings take place
among "the "peasantry without it. At
the numerous fairs groups of youths
will always be met with, merrily foot
ing it to the "breakdown," accompanied
with many stirring whoops and much
flourishing of shillelahs. We cross
over to the extremity of Europe — the
Russian* turns and turns to a slow air
of the balaleica, on the fiat of the foot,
moving shoulders, arms and hips
clumsily. He thumps the ground with
his heels, at first very slowly, then with
increasing speed, with his hands on
his hips and his chest erect.' This done,
he drinks a cup of scalding tea and be
gins again, but no longer, alone. A
partner presents . herself and, without
touching each other,' the two perform
a pantomime, the motif of which Is the
eternal theme of coquetry. The girl Is
coy and the lover pursues her; she
throws down a flower, he picks it up
and strives to catch her. It is only In
the Russian army that choirs exist. At
the head of each regiment is a squad
of the best singers, who while away
the hours of marching by popular songs
that make the men forget their fa
tigue.
We now turn from Europe to the
land of the Erahmins. When an Asiatic
wishes to honor a guest, she shows him
his Davadassi (Bayaderes Is the name
only used by Europeans) ; it is the com
pliment of his hospitality. Their cold,
plastic beauty harmonizes admirably
with their dancing, which consists of a
.succession of statuesque noses. A sort
of quivering motion of their naked
feet causes a Jingling of the golden
rings and bells with which their legs
are laden, and this metallic cadenced
sound at last produces a curious effect
upon the ear and the nerves.
The Egyptian and Tunisian Almees
differ greatly from the Bayaderes, for
the very essence of their dances is ob
jectionable. -In Java the Tandak are
born in the fortress of the Sultan;
these virgins lead a very retired life,
and from their* birth and situation at
the court are held in profound respect.
The genesis of the Cakewalk, like a
famous birth, is "wrapt in mystery,"
and like . many other good things it
comes from the United States. The
"walk" and the barn dance, beyond all
question, have • their origin In the
plantation sports; the latter took place
in the barn at the end of the harvest,
accompanied by banjos and "patting
juba," for the special enjoyment of the
slaves working in the fields; while the
prize walk was among the household
servants, who rather looked contemptu
ously on their rustic brothers. The
handsomest couples paired off, and be
ing dressed in their best they entered
Into the competition. A French paper
describes in the following amusing way
the "cakewalk": "How to define this
dance for which no rules exist? It Is
the triumph of personal improvisation;
its characteristic step reminds us of a
poodle being forced to stand i on its
hind legs; the dancer advancing by
little hops and leaps, holding his hands
exactly as the dog. would its front
paws,. curving his back in the most ex
aggerated fashion possible."
¦ Among the North Americans of yes
terday Cwe mean the aborigine In
dians) the custom of dancing was very
prominent in their social usages. The
Iroquols tribe alone had thirty-two dis
tinct dances, of which the Buffalo, the
Feather, the Sun and War, were es
teemed the highest. .Unfortunately the
native races and their ceremonies will
soon be a thing of the past. One dance,
however, still. occurs, and can be seen
in all Its glory and perfection, once
every two years; It Is the .weird Snake
dance of the Moquls. The snakes used
in these heathen rites are caught
eight days before. The young Indians
go to the north, the west, the south and
. east- -After being captured .the snakes
' are kept concealed. The head medi
cine men alone know the secrets which
keep the reptiles from biting, and the
¦ remedies to use in case of bites. On
the appointed day the procession be
gins and one is at once bewildered and
. horrified at the long column of weird
figures, marching two by two," holding
slimy, wriggling snakes between their
'teeth! .The head of the* reptile is
' held' toward .the , right, the . object ; of
' this being very. -. manifest, as on that
side marches another" column of .In
dians, holding eagle feather wands In
their hands'/with which they tickle the
heads and . Jaws of * the : snakes, thus
f ," distracting - their attention from those
~ ln'.whose teeth . they are " grasped so
i. firmly. '.' The actors ; have i their ": faces
painted black ; from '-. brow to upper
"lip,, where; 1 ghastly -white' begins and
continues ; over" ; chin f and . heck; With
THEi SANV FRANCISCO SUNDAY I CALL!
COLONEL BUNKER
HE TELLS OF A POEM AND A DULL
AD VERTISEMCXTS.
MME. YALE'S
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
...•CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, ptmfics,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially. • !
BCma. Tal* nyi! A Uttt. Abaemd
Blossom Complexion Cream s&ffoM -
be EDpUad every tlrna tha f»o«
; and haada »r« wasliad. It rmovta
thm dust, soot, scrimm. mmnt ajxt
rnmnOrm frost thm interstices ef
til. *Xtn and makes the rorf»c«
smooth aa velvet.
A daily necessity af homa and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, .or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu?
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects tha skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the elements Prevents
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
and that purplish hue due to «x-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the .fire out more
quickly anything else,
soothes, heal3 and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and every mem-
,ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural beautifier. A. grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
Jent for massage purposes. Now
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in two sizes by
OWLDKUGCO.
(Both Stores)
11 28 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and QQ CTREATING NERVOUSCHILDREN.
(Mrs. B. N. M.)— The manifold duties
of a mother, are ceaseless ¦ at : best, but
when she * is ' confronted with 7. nervous
children a cool, clear head . and " a firm
hand: are essential If annoying; explo
sions are 1 to be_controlled. tmili
tate . against the : health and * peace ' of
the t parents as * well; as the children.*
Different temperaments mustibe close-"
ly : studied." and individual peculiarities
determine * the ' method ' of , control and
A COOLING WASH (Mrs. E. B. L.)—
The annoying prickling sensation
which you feel when very warm and
without the slightest visible signs of
rash is a trouble common to very stout
people and Is largely due to the acid
nature of the perspiration. The Irrita
tion Is most readily relieved by bathing
in conjunction with the application of
pome soothing toilet preparation to
cleanse and cool the overheated sur
face of the body. Four baths in Hie
.tub weekly and a sponge bath every
morning and alternate evenings before
retiring should keep the skin in ex
cellent condition without enervating
one. After drying the body rub on the
following lotion, which is both cooling
and tonic In its effect. . Take one-half
ounce of gum camphor, eight ounces of
best alcohol, one-half ounce tincture of
benzoin, two ounces of best cologne and
one pint of perfectly soft water. Dis
solve the gum camphor in the alcohol,
then slowly pour In the water, cologne
and lastly the benzoin drop by drop.
Shake well, strain through fine muslin
and bottle. Pour a small quantity in a
saucer and apply, with a small sponge
or with the fingers. Be particular to
change daily all garments which come
in direct contact with the body, avoid
ing wearing any material which sheds
lint. Silk and hard twisted Usle thread
undergarments are delightfully cool
and least objectionable in this respect.
Lace- .trimmed corset covers, - etc..
should be laundered without starching,
otherwise the tiny stiff points : of the
lace are very annoying when the skin
Is sensitive to the slightest touch.
TO DEVELOP THE CHEST AND
ARMS (Agnes).— Realizing the dlflS
-culty and objections to be met in gain-
Ins permission for attaching exercising
outfits to the wall by a girl who boards
-away from home. I give a simple
method .for strengthening the chest
and ¦ arms '.which;: can be performed In
: one's own room without the aid of any
appliance except \ the ¦ ordinary armless
TO REDUCE THE ABDOMEN (Sa
rah B.) — A full abdomen can be reduced
by regular massage, and the contour of
the figure restored by simple harmless
methods, which win benefit the general
health. The massage roller Is an inval
uable aid and can be freely used by
very delicate women, who might find
long exercise too fatiguing, but the
roller should* never take the place en
tirely of physical exercise. The roller
Is applied with the skin lightly covered
by a thin undergarment or towel. The
pressure must be^ very firm • to break
down the fat cells/ and each movement
must be repeated from seventy-five to
a hundred times over, each section of
the body traversed. The object is to
take the blood from the parts, hence
the movements should be. lengthwise of
the muscles, not crosswise. Grasp "tha
roller In the right hand and start at the.
waist line, reaching as far back as con
venient. Just above the right hipbone,
and roll over the obliquus extemus
muscle toward the left diagonally; to
the center of the base of the abdomen.
or short muscle, known as the pyra
mldalis. Start' again a trifle higher,
continue in the same direction "except
to stop in the center higher up by the
width of the roller each time, until the
last path traversed will be very short
and terminate almost on a line with the
waist line. Each time the • roller Is ap
plied In: higher movement it should be
placed an inch or two higher over the
waist line. When the , right J side has
been completely covered reverse -the
movement on 1 the left side. Next mas
sage the . abdomen . up and down
through the center, keeping the pres
sure very. firm. .Continue the > roller
massage morning and evening for sev
eral weeks until a decided reduction Is
noticed, which is usually about the end
of* the second month. : Faithful work
will Eurely bring results. ~
Answers to
Correspondents
and chatter, will be followed by high
temperature, Ios3 of appetite and peev
ish illness, which are decidedly inju
rious to the child, so it is best to keep
him in ignorance of parties and pleas
ure trips until the last minute, when he
win enjoy the diversion planned with
the least nervous exhaustion. Games
which can be played while seated at a
table are best for hot weather, and
they should not be too difficult, or they
will worry the. excitable child. When
outbreaks of nervous temper occur,
scolding and punishment only aggra
vate the situation. Try to be calm, out
wardly at least, and insist - upon the
child resting In a quiet room until his
composure" is restored. Sitting quietly
in the room yourself, engaged in some
light work or with a book, will by force
of example help to soothe the frenzied
little brain and induce repese. The ca
pricious appetite must not be pam
pered. Plain, wholesome food daintily
served must be insisted u*?on at all
times. Keep the children In the open
air as much as you can. but avoid hot
suns and long walks. Short walks and
games interspersed with frequent rests
are best for nervous children.
THE girl who possesses an unfor
tunately email income but a
large amount of pride should
remember i'zsl one thing when
she sallies forth to buy a tat.
Get It one thing or the other. Avoid
the commonplace as though It were a
deadly peat. And cf a truth. It Is. for
ncrh!rg places its stamp of disapprov
al eo quickly and with so niuch force
as the ordinary.
On all hangs you may hear advice
as to this, that and the other. All
doubtlessly good enough, but rarely
ever absolutely apropos, and so It has
ccnie to pass that Miladi Wise permits
nine-tenths cf what she hears, to go
in cne ear and out the other. The
remaining tenth is sound, eolld sense
zz.i she rarely ever fails to profit by It.
There was a time, but thanks be it
was long ago. when the girl »who
worked, or who had to count her pen
nies, considered it her bounden duty
to go about in a dull color, made In a
Cvll fashion and worn In a dull way
as well. Anything and everything to
get a/c-ay from the conspicuous. Skirts
were neither long nor short, blouses
neither tight nor loose, hats neither
email nor large. In the mad rush to
avoi£ extremes, every art was sacri
ficed and the result was little short of
a nightrsare.
It took years to accomplish the
change, but here it is and her* it is
going to Etay. The sensible girl figures
out in her mind's eye that brown, blue
or black is the most becoming color
she caji put on. and that once decided
ca-tlsfaciorily she carries out a certain
policy. Her tailor suit Is a navy, her
afternoon frock a new blue and her
evening gown a lighter color, but still
binding Itself to her color scheme. And
then, and only then, does ehe realize
what an Immense disadvantage ehs
has been laboring under. For the first
tine in her life her belts, gloves and
ribbons match everything she puts on.
Fersooth. how can they help it, for
etch and every one has been selected
cr. the blue, brown or black line, and
for once in their lives they dwell
£E-.iib!y ride by side, instead of fight
ing like fiends to see which can kill
the other.
The crowning glory of a pretty, chic
costume is the hat. and rest aseured
it cither makes or mars it. A beau
tiful frock, exquisite in every partic
ular, may be ruined fcjvan unbecoming
color or shape, tnd on the other hand
a simple gown may be brought out
end range to look its very best by a
subtle something that seems to radi
ate from the finger tips of a skilled
milliner.
The girl who has a bit of ingenuity
tnd her wits about her can manage.
s.nd very nicely, too, on two hats a
eecson- One must be large and the
other small and as different as day
is from night. . *•. ..-.
In the first place, every one abso
lutely needs a small tailored hat,
made of silk or velvet, in fact, of any
of the materials that chance to" have
caught the eye of fickle Dame Fash
ion. The trimming must be severe
and something that will - stand the
wear and tear of every day weather
and every day usage, for the very
minute headgear commences to droop
Its head in a silly fashion as though
it were afraid to face the world it is
fit for nothing else under the sun
save the rubbish heap and the sooner
it is relegated there the better.
Of coarse, there are veils, and 111
admit they certainly do cover a mul
titude of sins, but they cover such
a multitude of worn-out, made-over
factory girls that it Is rather discour
aging to even attempt one. Besides,
after a good stiff fog or a shower
they present such a miserable bedrab
bled effect that they are Infinitely
worse than none at alL
So much for one hat. The other
should be something fluffy and airy
and altogether pretty. In the color
scheme, if one wishes; but unless
there is a decided preference ft is far
better to get an all black one. for It
Is not only more fit at the time, but
wears far better in the lonp run. for
It may be almost shabby and still re
tain its rwagger and its smartness.
Then, too, the possibilities of a
large hat are numerous. One day it
may be a dashing Gainsborough trail
ing its feather coquettishly over one
ear and the next it may be a demure
poke bonnet trimmed with an arm
ful of sweet faced flowers. With a
twist it turns itself into the stunning
Napoleon, with its rosettes of many
colored satin, or again it remains ab
solutely round and unassuming, yet
withal very sweet and effective-
Bat do have pity on your friends and
yourself when the remodeling bee gets
In your bonnet. Study your own face
and Its peculiarities and then frame it
accordingly. The Napoleon that rests
so jauntily en your next door neighbor's
hair may make a perfect fright of you.
There is something very severe about
many of the winter hats, and If you
lind they are too trying, trim to the
lily effects, for they are not only sweet
and glrliso, but charming as well, and
the girl who can stand the bewildering
amount of fluff-fluff will discover to
her everlasting Joy fh*,x ehe has suc
cessfully slipped two or three years
from her shoulders.
Don't be the girl who Is In too much
of a hurry to put her hat on properly.
It Is smashed out of shape here and
mashed down there, and when all is
tied it looks as though it was ready to
go on a flying expedition of Its own.
The first gust of wind that chances
along sees a bit of fun ahead of it and
away It goes in a bee-line, and up goes
hat. hair and hair-pins. When it is
jammed, supposedly in place again.
and pinned down eo securely that it
gives the impression that scalp and all
have been pinned too, it generally, re
poses at an angle of about forty-five
degrees, that is, to say the least, is any
" thing but fetching.
Nothing is : qttlte eo disastrous, quite
so demoralizing to one's appearance as
a bit of millinery, that seems intent on
visiting when It should ' remain quietly
and serenely at home. And the smaller
¦ it Is, the score obstinate and the .worse
looking it gets. The picture hat pulls
up Its moorings and strays whither.' it
will and it actually stares one in the
face and defies . questions ' and * com
ments of all kinds. It may be vastly
unbecoming, but so far as one knows,
it Is . hot out : of place ;' and i about ; one
In every twenty are willing to take the :
chance of finding out,* even to; satisfy
a burning, curiosity.
Butnot so with the runabout. When
it slides to the side it deliberately;
leers at passers-by and extends * cor- '
dial welcome_ to come : right_along and •
. ' . -..
have a confidential chat. Deliberately
and with malice aforethought, it slides
on and on until it sits just over the
ear, where It attracts all the attention
it possibly can.
Occasionally it takes it into its head
to move back over the pompadour as
far as it can, and if there is any
thing that brands one as - coming
straight from the backwoods any
quicker than ¦ that, I should . like to
know what it is. And it isn't content
with exploring on its own account.
either. The soft, pretty hair about
the forehead must go along, too. and
then all the mischief that it can think
of being done, it rests content.
When you're going out take time
and enough pins to squelch these lit
tle pranks right in the beginning. Pin
and repln If need be, but don't trust
to luck and your hat, for both will
desert you and you'll go home thor
oughly tired out with the tU3s!e and
disgusted with yourself and the world
in general.
BEHOVING FRECKLES (Frances).
Summer freckles, incident to a Ion?
voyage, are cot difficult to remove and
will usually vanish without treatment
after cool autumn weather begins.
However. If you wish to hasten their
departure yo-j must protect ths face
from strong sunlight by wearing a
chiffon veil and carrying a parasol on
every possible occasion. The clever
woman has long since discovered that
both are very becoming, hence ths use
of them will be no hardship. Refrain
from open air bathlnsr. for the actioa
of the ;un on skin wet with either salt
or fresh water win bring out the blem
ishes In greater numbers and win tan
and burn the skin as welL Keep the
skin exquisitely clean at an times and
protect it during the day by light ap
plications of toCet powder. Do not.
however, attempt to cover the freckles
by this means or dab the face with
glycerin or cold cream previous - to
using the powder, all advice you have
had. to the contrary. This habit, gives
a woman not only a decidedly "made
up** appearance, but the face Is seen
to be oily and quickly accumulates and
holds floating particles of dust which
dog and* poison the pores and bring
eruptions and other blemishes. As a
harmless bleacb lemon juice is the best
remedy for summer freckles and It may
be applied several times a day provid
ed it Is diluted and does not Irritate
the skin. This effect must be deter
mined by - v tha user. . To obviate . t*i«r
musslness of lemon skin or sliced lemon
press out enough juice from large
well ripened fruit to fill a wineglass,
add a pint of rain "trater. two tea
spoonfuls of violet tcilet water , and
thirty drops of simple tincture of ben
zoin.' The last two Ingredients not
only Impart an agreeable odor but act
as a preservative. Strain .through fine
muslin and keep In a bottle having a
glass stopper. . . Should the skin get
sensitive from* the action of the add
omit its use for a day and apply cold
cream. The skin must always be per
fectly clean and free from powder. be^
fore. using the lemon lotion.
cane-seated chair. Wear only Iocs*
bath slippers to protect the feet and
a erymnasiuxn suit ccnsistln? cf bloua-*
and knickerbcckers; failinr this a low
necU. sleeveless knitted under
vest and short petticoat of thin mus
lin win answer very we!L The main
point is to wear nothing which will
prevent' the free use -of the muscles.
Always ventilate the room Just pre
vious to the exercise to insure pore
air and do not forget to breathe deep
ly, which will materially assist in
strengthening the muscles, aside from
the immense benefit of increased oxy
genation cf the blood. Place the chair
in an open space about four feet from
the wall, grasp the front edge of the
seat firmly with the right hand and
the top edge of back of chair with the
left hand; stretch the less backward
away from the side of chair resting
on ths toes with heels against the
wan or any firm object, keep the body
rigid and by bending the arms lower
the body until the upper part of abdo
men or walst-Une touches the chair
tdS^l then raise by straightening '.ha
arms. Of course the greatest strain
comes upon the arm which graspa the
front edge oX chair. Then reverse tha
movement by standing on the opposite
side of. the choir placing the left hand
on front ei.se of chair and right hand
on back of chair. Practice only a few
minutes at a time at first to avoid
strain and overfatlgue. It may be quite
impossible to kee:> the bcdy and arms
rigid at first, but a few minutes' ex
ercise each day will soon show a de
cided control until you can easily hold
the prescribed position.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
the , approach , to", the danger , line. The
child who; keeps quiet and Jlien sudden^
ly^collapses : under physical ¦ exhaustion
Incident to sudden ;, excitement needs
the most watchful . care to . guard
against : -. such . extremes, for when - a
breakdown does occur It i3 very severe.
as the D«nt-up feelings cave . worn out
the ¦ little - body as > well as .the -nerves.
Again, another child ja rendered almost
br~quite* hysterical over joy J or sorrow;
Indeed," the former! Is more to .be* dread
ed.; "Anticipation * of pleasant events . for
days,' such "events -' meaning . romping
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOWs5k£ O wn ite T ° PPOSlte - wears a
J? ve^ «n Tl S " k coat and «er hat
ha^LTa trlmraed - Her plainness
?£AX?SS? ? ndin >* Place there Is
fs ?etch?n ty pict *"esquenes S which '
severe i^' even - though it be not a*
made 8 ;r t .° ne W ° Uld P»«*ure\» tallor .
plentifully than the proverbial flowers
of May. Seal brown and sorrel brown
are used together.
But whatever be your suiting, let it
be a soft wool. And it is undoubtedly
smart to choose something with a hairy
surface. There are thin, pretty, soft
camel's hair goods that are moderate in
price and there is all the family of
¦ zibelines. One can surely find some
thing in these, "or. if c/ne prefers to do
so, there is always serge to fall back
upon.
Fine Materials for Suitings.
Serge and camel's hair, zibeline and
broadcloth are all very fine for the win
ter shirt waist suit. And there is
another material. And this is the soft
fancy wool goods that lie upon every
counter. There is no special name for
this goods. It might be a cashmere
were it a little lighter and It might be
a camel' # s hair were it a little, woolier.
It is simply a fancy wool" "goods and
just a? pretty as it can be for the win
ter, shirt waist suit.
How to .Make Your Own Gown.
Now as to the making up of your
gown. Be sure to make it a two-piece
suit- Let the lower part be a skirt and
let It be tight around the hips and full
around the foot. The box-plaited skirts
are excellent. Let the box plaits be
very small all the way around the hips
and let them be stitched flat, right
down over the hips and half way to the
knees. From the knees let the skirt
flare nicely.- This is both sensible and
fashionable.
Let the upper part of your suit con
sist of a shirt waist. It should be made
upon the accepted shirt waist models,
rather loose in front and very tight in
the back and on the hips. Below the
waist there should be a little skirt
coming down just over the hips. Or
the coat can be a little longer, as long
as a Louis XV coat.
The shirt waist suit, when made with
a, little skirt like this, very closely re
sembles a coat and skirt suit. And,
on very cold days a washable shirt
waist can be worn underneath. Made
in blue camel's hair cloth and cut so
as to be open at the throat, such a
suit is considered one of the smartest
of the season.
% And, speaking of winter shirt waist
suits, one. must mention again the new
shirt waists that have been made for
the royal bride, Princess Cecelia. The
Princess, who has Just seen her. eigh
teenth birthday, is devoted to the shirt
waist, and one of her prettiest suits
¦ is made of brown broadcloth, with fit
ted skirt 'and shirt waist. A Louis XV
skirt is fitted to' the shirt waist. And
this costume will be one of the smart
est in the royal trousseau. .
The New London Coat.
1 All England is wearing the seven
eighths cloak. It comes almost to the
heels and it Is made of melton, serge,
broadcloth and heavy men's suiting.
It is a masculine looking coat when un-
in the waist arid full again in the
skirts.
But, though It is a season of coats
and of severe modes, it is also the sea
son of shirt waists and" there are new,
shirt waist suits to delight every heart.
" Here, is the new shirt waist suit just
as it will be: seen.
It is a winter suit and it is made
either of velvet orof soft wool goods.
There, came- fancy wools specially for
this purpose and if you want to be
smart you will look around until you
find a soft wool that will just suit your
purpose. liHi!
" The colors from which to choose are
pavement" gray, granite, London^ smoke
and gun metal gray. Or you can have
a blue and, if you so elect, there is
navy blue and there are the Roman,
Russian, gendarme, cadet and deep sea
blues. Any blue is good as to wearing
qualities and almost any blue is fash
ionable. •. »
In greens one can go Into spinach/
bottle, invisible, sage and ' leaf green.
Anil as for browns, their name is many
—for browns have sprung up more
. . ¦ . ¦ ¦' . - * ¦ ¦
by inheritance „ and : which' have - been,
since her marriage, locked in the saf e"
In the vaults in the Kremlin sat Mos
cow. . ' ¦ - ¦ ¦ '_;"-'/¦ : ,-.
"The laces, which are old, will cause
a lace revival, for they, are the, heavy,
picturesque laces of Russia, showing
wonderful, coats of arms, Interwoven, <
and strange scenes with little land
scapes and animals all * wrought by
band in the thread'of the lace. .
"Why. does Cecelia come to Paris for
her trousseau? So the Berlin modistes
demand. But the Paris dressmakers re
ply that she comes here . to purchase
certain parts of it that cannot be pur
chased elsewhere.
"Her wonderful flying- neck ruffles,"
made of silk muslin and of chiffon,' #re
all bought here. And she has ordered
several fur necklaces, one being a'con
ception in silk 'ruffles and sable tails.
She has also bought a fur necklace
made of ermine with; a reverse side
of mink. But for the most part '. she
has ordered the flying silk ruffle, the
big, loose, fluffy thing, which is so be-,
coming to the throat of any woman,
hand, madame disappeared into an in
ner • room, where billows ' of . silk ' ruffles
lay upon -every, chairtand littered 'the
floor/ .•¦!.'.".' - . ¦
Waistslto Be Worn Looser. .
¦ '. In the gowns of the royal trousseau,
as well as in othergowns, there, is one
thing very ' noticeable, and : that * is seen
in the shirt waists. These are made
very, much fuller and larger than they
were. The shoulders are as sloping "as
ever, but the waists are fuller and that
which is a thirty-eight inch^ bust of this
season would have been marked forty.
Inches a year ago.
It-is largely in the manner of cut
ting?. The long low shoulder seam
makes the bust fuller and there is a
certain shapeliness, to the bust Which
makes the figure seem broader. All
the waists have Gibsonian lines and
there is less ; fullness . at the belt line
and a great deal more across the bust.
The coats share this same peculiarity
and the newest of the coats are im
mensely broad across the shoulders and.
full in the arms, while they are tight
THeXsAN^FRANGISCO: ; SUNDAY I CALL. '
and which the French, as no one else,
know how to make. - "
"One of her handsomest ruffles was
made in this very establishment. ; It
had an iridescent effect. Little flounces
in dark blue were alternated ; with
flounces in white and - In J gray. ¦ And
the reverse side was faced .with' sdar
let satin, for it was one. of those flat
neck ruffles which bind the throat so
closely.
"It I takes a great many ; modistes to
prepare a royal bride. And that :1a "i
why all" Paris and London are in; a
scurry, for^the engagement .was a sud
den ,one, and; the wedding comes all
too soon from the standpoint of -the
overworked modiste. ' >;"".
"Tell you more?. Impossible, madame,;
foi \ I must ? hurry " away; to superintend
; the; making of a* great silk picture ; hat;'
all : ruffles, ', to; match - a ' ; great ; silk neck
boa." And, with; an airy -wave of 'the
BY AUGCSTA PRESCOTT.
LL Europe is at work upon the
f I trousseau of Cecelia, bride-elect
£j of the Crown Prin.~e of Ger-
JL many. "It is not every day that
a future Empress marries," confided
one modiste to another as she ordered
her work girls to put an extra row of
hemstitching in the ruffles of a deep
greecn taffeta gown.
Gowns have been ordered from all
over and each country is to furnish its
epeclalty.
Trom America the Princess will pro
cure her sailor hats and her washable
ehirt waists. The firm which has this
contract in hand will send the first
epring shipments of these goods.
And from the United States she will
procure her shoes. All her dainty
house dippers— and the Princess has
the tiny foot of the Russians — will
corne from the United States. Here
alto she will procure her pretty art
nouveau silks, and the will get her
belts here. Surely a long distance to
come for one's trousseau, but nowhere
else can one find one's own specialties
as in America.
Then from London the Princess will
procure her tailor-made dresses. All
the beautifully fitted cloth gowns will
come from London. And from Paris
che will get. her hats. Her embroider
ies will come from Japan and her lin
ens from India. She will wear the
laces of Ireland and France. And her
evening gowns will be made In Vienna,
that home of the artistic dressmaker.
For her trimmings ehe will visit Ber
lin, an 1 ! particularly for her bead work.
Here she will set all the pretty little
odds and ends which are of ,such great
assistance In the designing of a hand
some gown, and -which the women of
3<eriin make so deftly. And with these
the. Princess will manage to secure as
tine a trousseau as can be got together
In the wide, wide world.
There Is a story whispered about
' that the Kaiser, anxious to secure a
handsome outfit for his future daugh
ter-in-law, offered to 6et aside a sum
for her trousseau. But this was firmly
though kindly, refused" by the Duchess
of Meckleuburg-Schwerln, mother of
the Princess, on the ground that it was
wholly unnecessary- The Duchess, by
the way. is one of the handsomest
¦women in Euroi»e and by far the,be3t
tiresser in royal circles. As a Russian
Grand Duchess she was known for the
magnificence of her wardrobe. It was
she who conceived the idea of having
one gown made in each capital of .Eu
rope. And this is being carried out
faithfully, each modiste making a gown
•which Ehall be ideal. The Paris gown
is a fluffy creation in pink and black.
WTieu she weds Germany's
future Emperor, Cecelia will bfe
gowned in historic laces, but the
prettiest gowns of all lie in the
numerous trunks now being
packed for her Royal Highness.
Shirt waists and shirt waist
suits and wonderful long cloaks
to be worn for da}* and dinner.
Paris Ireland, England and
Russia ransacked to supply the
newest fashions for the coming
bride.
with countless bands of white velvet
ribbon no wider than a straw.
Her Trousseau Is of Blue.
"The Princess / is immensely fond of
laces," chatted a Paris couturiere to
your correspondent, the other day, in
a smart "Maison" on the Rue de la
Paix.
"You will notice this," and she spread
out upor her slender fingers a bit of
lace line as a webbing.
"We shall take this fine lace and ap
ply it to an antique lace bolero. And,
then, we shall set a flounce of real point
lace underneath. It is all in* cream
color, as you see, and it is to be worn
over a handsome grown of turquoise
blue.
"The Princess will "not have many
evening sowns, for life in the German
l>alaco will be yerj* quiet and her Hi^n
t ness will wear pretty neglige-js and
handsome street dresr.es rather than
elaborate party gowns.
"The trousseau of the Princess Is
nearly all in blue," chatted the modiste,
lifting a gown of navy blue cloth from
a chair. "She selected blue out of
compliment to the Kaiser, whose favor
ite color it is. The Kaiser loves blue In
all its shades, and Princess Cecelia has
ordered that it be the keynote to her
trousseau. One lovely gown is all of
blue spotted net over blue silk, while
the bodice is in blue taffeta, with net
over it.
"The Princess, who is very young,
will wear her first trained dresses after
her marriage. One charming carriage
dress is in military blue, trimmed with
pipings of Oriental silk. There is a
vest of Oriental goods and. for a coat,
the Princess will wear a handsome
Louis XIV coat with long tails and
handsome stiff cuffs lined with scarlet
"Many of her gowns have a touch of
Bcarlet.' It may be only in the buttons,
or In the facings, or in the pipings, or
perhaps there is the slightest touch of
scarlet in the lining, visible only when
the 6kirt is lifted or when walking. But
It Is a fact that the scarlet note is seen
In almost everything.
"The Princess wears the fashionable
English seven-eighths coat. : This coat
is not so fashionable in America, where
a shorter coat is more to the liking of
the active American girl. But in France
and England and in Germany it is the
coat of. the year.
"What will the Princess do in the
matter of sleeves?" you ask.
"Most of her gowns are made with
high shoulder, puffs slightly, modified in
various ways. One of them has the pull
caught around^ the arm by. a ribbon
tied in a . bow. Another has the puff
tucked and brought in ' tightly..; to the
arm. And another has lace set Into the
puff, making It less pronounced.
Her Laces and Xeck Ruffles.
"Will the Duff sleeve return? I am
often asked. Most certainly! :
"You ask regarding the number of
gowns of the bride of the Emperor-to
be. Weil, the English royal family
have been generous to thePrincess and
bo have the Russians,' and ' it ' is likely
that she -will take Into Germany the
handsomest trousseau ever given a roy
al bride. Her beautiful Russian mother
has sent to Russia requesting. the Czar
to Bend her the ' laces, : which are hers'
trimmed, but it can De given many
feminine touches.
A seven-eighths broadcloth coat of
deep brown was faced with white satin
with a wide band of antique lace cov- .
ering the satin. The collar was a
square affair in Persian cloth and the
cuffs were made of Persian. Great an
tique 3i!ver buttons trimmed the front.
Gray Is worn a gTeat deal, as well as
brown.
. It was old Grimes who used to wear
&n> old gray coat all buttoned down be
fore. And the woman Gf to-day is copy
ins him. Her newest cloak is in pave
ment gray and it is buttoned from the
chin to the floor or almost to the floor.
Its buttons are handsome metal but
tons and its trimmings are gorgeous
effects in Roman, in Armenian, in Hun
garian and Scottish plaid. Many are
the different kinds of goods used to
trim these gray cloaks and there is no
limit to either the color or the variety
of material. One handsome gray cloak,
was trimmed with medallions in red,
yellow and blue.
What did women' do before the Per
sian and other Oriental stuffs came in?
Howdld they dress? How did they get
along for cuft*s? "What did they do for
collars and belts, for stocks and lin
ings, for facings and foe trimmings?
How did they manage to make effective
vests and by what manner of means
did they contrive the cunning little
yoke effects and the gorgeous appliques
which are so much the style this sea
son?
The importation of the Persian stuffs
marked a wonderful advance In the ar
tistic quality of woman's dress, and
when the domestic manufacturers took •
It up and outrivaled the foreign makes,
then. Indeed, the results .were fine.
One can now at a very little price buy
enough handsome silk in the -wonder
ful Oriental colors to strap a gown, to
pipe it, to trim it with bands and head
ings and to make the neatest of vests
and cuffs. Or one can go in more heav
ily and make the gown largely of this
material. [
A woman who is known for her taste
in dress is wearing a suit all In pave
ment gray. There is a gray cloth suit
with skirt that Is tight around the hips •
and flaring around the foot. Over this
falls a three-quarter gray coat, but
toned with handsome silver buttons.
And, then, there Is a pavement gray
felt hat, rather floppy In Its outlines
and trimmed at the side with & bow of
black silk. A pair of long gray gloves
completes this costume.
A very becoming suit is In green
serge, strapped with brown silk and
trimmed with mink for winter wear.
Green and brown make a very smart
suit. .
There Is, a pretty combination which
is becoming: very popular. Gray is
jvorn, relieved by dashes of robin red
breast red. The gray coat is faced 4
with this vivid color and a gray felt
hat is made lively by gray wings set
smartly in the front.
For walking up Fifth avenue of a
morning when all the world of fashion
is out for Its constitutional, there come
very smart gray felt. hats and hats of
brown felt. These have large irregular
brims and they are untrimmed save for
a wing, which is set right in the mid
dle of. the front. One very pretty brown
hat. turns up In front and is caught
.with a wing.
But the .tailor-made girl i 3 a different
creature from formerly. Once she wa3
the very type of severity, while now
TROUSSEAU OF THE BRIDE AND THE
CROWN PRINCEonly to his own Inherent pre
disposition in their direction, but also
to the ran-r^TTi impressed upon him In
his earlier years that only by their ex
ercise could he hope to enter Into that
exceeding great reward which all young
Americans are Informed awaits them
somewhere along Jhe road. That Is to
eay, he believed that If he stuck >to
business and . didn't rob anybody dur
ing cf3ce hours he would soss \day
have money enough to endow a couple
cf colleges and support
case of dyspepsia* all liis own. Those
are high Ideals anu but few can attain
them, but they are always there never
theless.
The* theory on which William Henry
was nurtured in his Infancy was that
the day was constructed with twenty
four hours la order that a. man might
be. able to sleep eight hours and still
have sixteen left for labor; meals were
supposed to be taken standing tip. Fur-:
thermore,he was Inoculated with,. the
idea that the man who sticks to "a thing
the longest is the chap who win be In
side the money when the race is fin
ished. The proper logical application
of this gens of wisdom would; make the
humble and unobtrusive but very ef
fective porous plaster, the model of "the
world in Jmattersj of industry. 1 It isn't
always safe to apply inaxlms regard-;
less of the ideslgns "of .their inventors.""
Seme maxima belong to unions, and
Wn.T.TAM HENRY was a youth
of great industry and fidelity.
He owed these qualities not
"With the" cheerful end in view of.
gradually crowding his employers out
into the cold, cold world William Hen
ry set to work to learn all the ramifi
cations of the grocery business. He
was sorry for the families of the old
men, but they must take their chances.
In these days of strenuosity in the but
ter and eggs business no man could af
ford to sit around and wait for fortune
to leave her'card at -his door. If they
preferred the grand stand when the
ponies are going around, or the cracker
box ; on the" sidewalk when the liars'
club is In session, It was their lookout,
not . his.". He had his __ plans laid to give
them r a pension and" keep their wlve3
and children from coming to ; actual
want,; but didn't think that he = could
be expected to do any better than
that.
Having made up his mind that there
was nothing to it for htm but the con
trol of that grocery store in the quick
est possible time he got -busy with
his destiny. When a. fat woman came
In for a package of .washing soda and
. three pecks of dried apples he nearly
tore the top off the counter In hl3 haste
to wait on her, and his manner'was an
exact ' Imitation • of Lord Chesterfield at
his^best. In consequence he wa3 t fadle
princeps among" the^ housekeepers of
the -town, and little": girls ; spent their
pennies in his place' just; f or^the pleas
ure of ; seeing* hiin bow them > out with
a bag * of " horehound * ; candy. 1 f. It must
not ."* be "°auppos'ed : that the^ , pronrietors
were entirely", blind as to what Iwaa eo
ing .* on. i- They ;t didn't ¦' know : just -' how
long it'would be before they,would be
gin ; to .draw % their " pensions. • but < they
could 'make < a ; rough but tolerably ac-
was William Henry would have been
content to settle down in such an easy
berth and put : in the rest of his life
pleasing Indulgent employers. Not so
William Henry/- He had hardly be
come firmly established in his position
on the front seat \ of the .wagon before
he noticed that the men who paid him
his seven per every Saturday night
appeared '. to . be. Interested- in almost
anything except the business "on which
they were supposed to subsist. For in
stance, they were 'never too busy, to
sit down " on a cracker box and swap
lies with some tiller of the soil .about
the' campaign of 18T6 or the high' price
of . iwtatoes In * Cleveland's first ; admin
istration. If there ; was a dog fight, or
a horse'race or a political meeting, or
any. other kind of an Intellectual treat
being served out anywhere in town one
"or, thfe'other---and usually both of them
>-%wasable to be In attendance^. 'Mean
while : William Henry was left at .the
helm.';
•As he had been ¦ instructed by; " his
dear '. teacher in his youth, Willianr
Henry saw In these loose business
methods of his employers a chance to
make himself solid .in; the business.
Had : h^ not been told ._ that . keeping
everlastingly .at it brings success; also
that : labor con/iuers \ all ; things' — In-.'
cludir-r the laborer.'," It is needless to
state "that /William'. Henry, .wasn't
aware of^ 'the: above, amendment to the
latter \ proposition/. TIf he had \been r he
probably" wouldn't ,-have .believed jtt.
The only way to be. sure of a* man be-" ;
lleving -what you tell him ; is * to "¦ find
out firsts what he; believes:^ then tell'
him* that. There may. be other, methods,*
but they have never^been made public.
curate guess that William Henry had
two or three trumps up his sleeve and
that their hands wouldn't be worth
holding when the game was all ready.
Still they kept on !n their career of
tlme-kllllng and mild, slx-for-a-cuar
ter dissipation. Perhaps they thouzht
that possession was not only nine points
of the law but also a winning hand tn
the grocery business. At any rate they
didn't appear to b? sitting; up nights
wondering how they could live. on the
pension that William Henry would al
low them after it wa3 all over.
It's all over now, and our great and
unimpeachable regard for the. glorious
cause of truth compels us to state that
the game didn't ¦ turn out In Just the"
way that William Henry had planned.
He had it all fixed to consent to take
over the business as soon as his late
employers should be poshed Into bank
ruptcy; when it occurred to ; him that
it, took caSi^to buy a grocery store. He
wasn't organizing a steel trust, and
real money -was a sine qua mm. Wil
liam Henry's Intentions were the best
In the world, but he was short on the
sine qua non. Maybe you think that he
borrowed the cash at an easy rate and
started another place to put bis erst
while employers . out of business, i It
would have been nice if he had. but he
didn't. On the contrary., he Is still de
livering butter and eggs, a! though his
wages have been raised to fifteen t>er-
The son of one of the old men Inher
ited the business and seems to be mak
ing a living out of it.
; What William Henry has - learned
would . be , very useful If he .were only
aware that he. had learned it. At any
rate, he haif demonstrated to other ob
servant * youths - that - the ; man .who
works Is "of ten worked at the same time,
and that the ¦ fellow .who sticks to . his
last may -. frequently be found j, stm
sticking In the same old place when the
day is rfnnr Tffj M I' JUi^jJffft^jfiffY ' \\ i Ji '¦
r (Copyright, 1904. by Albert ¦ Brftt.) ;
only . work eight hours a day;'tthcrs
knock off Sundays and holidays and
Fridays in Lent; only a few work right
along through the year, rain, or shine,
without regard to race, color or pre
vious condition of Inaptitude. It would
appear that "WUllain Henry's brand of
maxims belonged to- a union and were
on strike at that.
By way of breaking Into "Who's
Who" William Henry accuired an In
terest in the front seat of a grocery
wagon at J7 per. It wasn't much, but
most of us begin low. down in the
scale— most of : us stay there, .too. HIa
duties- were • admirably adapted to
bring out the qualities of fidelity and
industry, to which we 'have carefully
alluded' hitherto. ". In the "morning he
was allowed to sleep till almost 5
o'clock before It was time to sally forth
to the barn and clean : and , feed jthe
horses, . wash the wagon, and ; perform
other simple, bucolic atunti.. Then" he
was permitted to open the store, sweep
the " floor, dean\ the windows : and ) set
out the apple barrels .where, they could
be seen without „ being ; appropriated.
At Intervals during J the day,- he * re-.
peated these acts with I variations, such
as^ tying up^ packages -of ; brown' sugar/
and filling Jugs with molasses. ":Hls~
employers being naturally kind-hearted
gentlemen," ". always /¦ made :" a ; point of
giving him. his afternoon off. so that he
could spend it riding around town and
incidentally dropping ; a/< few ? groceries"
here . and ¦ there ? about '} the Z village^
Often" and often he didn't have to stay
out later -than' lljjo*clock/at jnlght 'and!
'once or twice.:, he ¦ • could '¦ remember, he ;
was through by 10:30. " •
A young, man less strenuous ? than
"You- are very modest In your de
mands," she laughed. "Chopin you shall
have until you cry for mercy. Come
on!" vV.. '.- - " -.".
They made their way to the little
music-room far down the corridor, and.
to" Streeter/a unutterable delight they
found it quite deserted/' Streeter turned
out the lights and lighted two little
'red -shaded candles on the piano.
"Just right now for the fifth noc
turne," he said as he surveyed the two
to find some interest in the attempts
of the other guests to amuse them
selves.
In sheer desperation he was perus
ing the "want column" when he saw-
Miss Gale come down the broad
stairs. He was by her side in a mo
ment.
*'I wanted to claim you before Mrs.
Potter kidnaped you or some one
else dragged you off to dance." he ex
plain ~.<i laughingly.
The girl smiled amusedly and shook
a finger at him.
"I can see at a glance that you axe
bored to death and in search of diver
sion at any cost," she said.
"Your diagnosis Is correct," said he.
"I am suffering from that unhappy
malady — or I was until I caught sight
cf you. You know that it was because
you recommended this place that I
came here. Now you must do your
best to dispel the fflocm that has de
scended upon me.
"What shan I do?" she asked light
ly. "Introduce rou to some of i Mrs.
Potter's proteges or get Mrs. Van
dent to give you the personal history
cf every oae here?"
"I think," said Streeter. "that Chopin
In the muzic-rocm would be the best
antidote." _ = : j"*?;- ;
leaned forward In his chair and spoka
very softly.
"It was a very liretty dreaas." h»
said, -one of those intangible bits e£
happiness that makes one loth to
come to prosaic earth agafn. Ther*
was one thing about thosa dreasaa.
however, quite different fxoxs this par
tial realization."
-And what was that?" she asked.
"The piano and the little- red-shad-,
ed candles — and— and you ,wer* la my
own house,** he said.
The nocturne grew a trtfia tecdar.
The girl's glance was tnrnsd to th»
other side of the room.
"What a presas2.ptn.O03 drears!** sia
said.
"Was it?" said Strseter ma*i!r. •!
couldn't help dreazrtfag It. yoa lcao*r."
There was a Ions pause. Then ha
said slowly:
"Perhaps It was prgam.i-rao-aa. Ton
see. I wasn't asleep whea I dsea=isd
It."
The nocturne came to an abrapt
ending. The gtrl rose from tha pianro.
"You're not angry?" taid Streeta*
In alarm.
~N-no." «he said
*"Thea — then.** he be«*n aa* nalts4
miserably- "Tell cie.**__h» . said. *M»
dreams go by contrary T"
The girl had reached the door, gha
turned, and even In the dim light ha
could see the deep color In he? cheeks.
"Not — not day dreams.'" aha' almost
whispered.
(Copyright, 13C4. by T. C. ilcClure.)
*^r LL day long the hsavy leaden
f I cicuds bad been threatening
r"~j rain, and toward evening it
» I began, very rcftlv at first, but
'* gro-arirg steadily in volume until
at S o'clock it was a veritable down
pour, rattling steadily on the tin roof
cf the hotel piazza, and beating against
the windows in spiteful fashlnoru
It wai cold, too, and a cheerful Lre
crackled and sputtered sturdily in the
tig fireplace in the hotel cfSce: but
despite the fire and the lights and the
gay chatt*r cf the guests congregated
in the tig palm-lined room, the effect
cf the stcrtn outside was glaringly
evident. A cold, rainy evening at a
popular summer note! is something to
be remembered — and avoided.
Near the fireyT--^ at a score of little
tables the energetic Sirs. Potter had
started a game cf prosressive euchre.
and in the big hall the orchestra had
be«s pressed into unwilling service
by seme cf the yctmger guests, and
t-v* rtraina ef. the latest popular
waltzes and the sound cf shufSing feet
drew mary people thither.
Streeter, lounging In a chair near
the desk, alternately read a morning
•pa.per — for tie third time — and tried
She began another nocturne, even
more softly, that it* might not Inter
rupt their conversation.
"Breams ' very seldom corae true,*"
she said, and' whether or not her tone
wa3 mocking Streeter was at loss to
dfclde.
He silently listened to the nocturne
and studied the girl's profile Intently,
but the profile was non-commlttaL He
spots of color In the gloom.
The girl ran her fingers over the keys
and Streeter drew a chair near her and
sat down. She. began to play the fifth
nocturne very softly, and Streeter,
leaning back comfortably, watched the
pretty profile outlined faintly by the
candlelight. And as he listened to the
rain beating against the windows be
realized the good that a 'seemingly HI
wind had blown him.
The nocturne died away as it had be
gun — very softly, and he drew his chair
Into the little circle of light.
"The only trouble wtth that noc
turne," he said gravely, "is that, like
all things temporal. It comes to an
' "Are you fond of them?" she as&ed,
"1*11 play another."
"Do you know," he said Quickly,
have of te,n dreamed of some such sit
uation as T*~*T "^MfjUinWt 1
"A Ion?, dreary evening- at a storm
bound summer resort?" she laughed.
"No," he said seriously. "Of a piano
and candles with little red shades, and
of you playing nocttumes to me like
this."
But the master Knows when he is gaining;
Not lost, if he gets into place;
But none e'er won out by refraining—
So stay with it, you'll win the race.
v ; T —ELEONORE E HOEFT.
And you 11 win the race— put why falter—
There's chance on the stretch, if you try;
E'en the best horse; when checKed by the halter,
Has lost and you Know reason why.
There's a way you can dp-?to stay with it--
Success 'will attend you some day;
If it promises good for the«3olng£,
Stay with it— it surely -'will pay.
Have you heard of a^ weaR heart e'er winning?
A tasR wants a man to complete;
And to give up is unto a sinning,
Stay with it, and through the last heat,
STAY WITHpiT. -
WHAT DREAMS MAKE COME
srs'orxG - their young lives away.
I BXXGED ¦WTTH LOMGIKG TO BE A GS EAT ACTOR AND VTEXSL X FTTH COT J. A ft.
THE OIfL.T STRICTI.T PROPEH SPECIALTY FOB. STAK ORPHAN'S ON THE ROAD.
Copyright. 1304, by Charles Dryien.
Some dope to that effect was handed
out by the Sunday school superintend
ent. The trorupe would entertain with
dialogues and Moody and Sankey
hymns in the Methodist church, dur
ing which those in need of orphans
scheme dear to the heart. They'll
queer It either through stupidity or
pure cussedness.
The heralded approach of one car
load of orphans, assorted sizes and
sexes, shipped out from the slums of
New York to Mudville, III., for distri
bution among childless Christian
homes, set the small brains of Bill
and me In a dizzy whirl. Our Joint fund
of information concerning the orphan
business -was somewhat limited. , It
firetl us with the spirit of emulation
to learn that some children like our
selves — they called them orphans —
were speeding Westward, ho! behind
a snorting locomotive and would pull
off a highly moral and entertaining
show in the town. ;¦
Ridiculous aa it now seems, I fairly
paired with desire to shine as an oS
cially declared crphan and be given
away to some kind family after doing
Jay towns in a special car. My
brother Bill shared this lofty ambi
tion. TVe botn -arantsd to become or
phans and win renown on the lyric
stage, ar.d would have done so, per
haps, Lai not Bill crabbed the propo
eitlcn. Never let relations in on any
gEFORE leaving Mudvtlle behind
in this series of confessions it
may be well to tell of the only
time I ever bulged with, longing
to become a great actor and wear a
fur collar on my coat. My earliest
Impressions cf the drama, which
hinged cs crshaia as* tfc* ray but
terfly life they led. broke out In me
at that uncertain age when infants
are first aiiicted to thoughts. Every
kid at soae time or other mass out
& stage career.
There I trod on the end of a loose
plank the fraction of a second before
Eill arrived at the other. His toes
caught and forward he plunged along
the raspy boards on his tender frontis
piece. The slide peeled a wide, thick
strip of skin from his forehead, nose,
lips and chin and also ruffled the epi
dermis on his wishbone. Had my
brother a flat face to start with there
¦wouldn't have been any of it left.
Bill's hand3, being safely stowed in his
pockets during the mishap, escaped in
jury.
When we reached the church the
This point was still . unsettled when
the talent arrived one sharp autumn
night, and me and Bill, quite purple
vrith ingrowing exilement, set off to
see the show. We wore our Sunday
school regimentals, and, busy with 'the
thought of a glorious future, ran all
the way to the church, except for a
brief halt, occasioned by BUL Before
starting he carefully entombed both
arms to the elbows in his trousers
pockets. Thus we sprinted along side
by each, as brothers should, until we
struck a crossboard sidewalk, which
sometimes fiew up in sections and
smacked people in the face.
Pending the arrival of the private
car and its distinguished contents," me
and Bill talked in our sleep, mostly
about orphans, and dreamed night and
day of what we should do when suc
cessfully embarked upon a similar ca
reer. The theatrical features of the
business alone appealed to us— -the
wild, tumultuous ride In the cars, the
street parade behind a band and the
plaudits of admiring congregations.
Bill was stuck on doing a blackface
turn, while I held that a genteel song
and dance in pink velvet knee breeches
and flowing cuffs was the only strictly
proper specialty for star orphans on
the road.
could inspect the band and pick out
some trouble. A New York mission
society had engaged in the nobla
work of scraping mislaid waifs from
abodes of squalor : and misery and
mixed ale of the metropolis and find
ing them a refuse in the hospitable
homes of the Middle West.
Many towns and villages in that
plenteous region threw open their
doors to the little strangers. Car after
car did the mission send out, until
thousands of firesides and reform
schools reared refractory monuments
to forgotten dead In distant burial
grounds. But the supply far exceeded
thi demand. In time the tide of East
ern orphans flowed elsewhere, but not
until Mudville had done ' Its "duty - by
listening to' a Moody concert In San
key repertory and promptly adopting
the entire batch-
us. nothing can atop tL
While the majority q! mailers ax%
steady men with- large famUiea and
other minor troubles, a hobo mechanic
now and then fell off a passing freight
train and asked for a jc b in our sho^.
This struck 'me as as' Ideal existence,
skating around the world with a union
card, unhampered by care or baggage.
In search cf a fresh aand heap, like
the tramp printer, the. molder carries
little more than his hands and trade;
the ahop supplies the rest.
One white-haired ruin, who lingered
for a grubstake ax Mudville had wres
tled with a touch of jimjams in most
manufacturing towns* of note on the
map and had not yet woortd up his
Itinerary. To me he. was a regular
Christopher Columbus of a molder —
a man to .emulate la ell save the Cow
tog; bowl special::--. I>runSc or sober,
his only enemy wa3 ti*e shop foreman
as a class, and, for tiie Ufa at me. I
couldn't see" why. because that hoary
old hobo was such a nice man.
In coars* of time- the foundry and
the village became too tight for me.
I felt like a No. 10 foot Is a No. S
shoe, and imagined I had corns on my
Intellect. * They say it Is the way all
young fellows, In. whatever walk of
life, who are j full of tabasco as the
start and think they can bat .330 or
better tn the big league. So a: soft
17 I slipped my cables and set forth
to ebb and flow on the tide of events
Ilka a water logged corncob In a dead
eddy.'
Next week finds m« btrsislnr the
red plu3h to Omaha, where I ixll ta
wtth a feznala bunko steerer and »*n
blighted some.
tousled, blinky orphans stood in a sort
of minstrel first part, singing their
young Iive3 out. There was i no "ap
plause and neither did 1 aee axsy bou
quets passed over the footlights. It
was a bum show from, a spectacular
view. The little band was In charge
of a tall, narrow man, .. the pallor of
whose face was . heightened jj by the
Inky blackness of his beard. At the
end of the first song. lie handed each
child a yc-ice troche and gulped one
himself. I attributed his bleach to
the troches,- but more likely "basket
lunches and blue mass pills had much
to do with that drumhead complexion.
For some reason the show fell with
a D. S. thud. It must have been on
account of BUI, who certainly did not
appear at his beat. No matter which
way he turned Bill seemed to be peep-
Ing roguishly out from behind a
blood-red post much too 'small ..for
rilm. And. the pine splinters sticking
to his tear-gummed cheeks did noten
hance the boyish beauty of my only
brother.. When the adopting exercises
opened two or* three women turned
Bill down— said" no doubt" his parents
were murderers and that the police of
New York had done the worst thing
possible shipping him. out West.
Finally a dear, dim-eyed old lady,
who had known him all his life, wiped
Bill's skinned nose and offered him a
Christian home and burial of the
same kind in case he needed one. At
that he got mad and swore out loud
In the Methodist church, thinking he
had a right to do so because we were
Presbyterians. I chided' Bin with a
left hook, and when the sextan got to
us we were locked tn a brotherly
I- will gloss gently over the one re
gretful period cf my life— the time sac
rificed in the academic halls of
Mudville. The only lasting bene
fit"/ gained at . that , process was
a'y. pair of bowlegs. caused by
carrying . ; heavy Iunche3 to schooL
Some,, of the boys in my. class even
failed to impair the shape of their legs,
which makes me think I did pretty well
after aH. The temple of" learning har
bored nothing of Interest to me, except
my dinner pail and the soft pine desk
of that day. On the lid of many a desk
I carved my name, after the manner of
transient guests ; who registered at the
"water tank near, the depot- Bur for this
early amassing- of useful knowledge and
the anatomical curves I would not men
tion the schooling.
-When I was 14 the family agreed It
was time to make good on the lunches
by feeding my own features. The Ides,
was not original with our fblks. It has
been worked before. As understudy to
a ' fat tronmolder I Joined . a get-rich
quick concern, that paid : me $3 per
week for ten hours* toll per day right
off I the reeL i All I had to do was to
fashion molds In sand and pour hot
metal into them. Easy money. It isn't
There was but one result. The restau
rant blew up, leaving i the proprietor
nothing In the way of assets 4 but a pile
of parboiled feathers In the back yard.
Our gifted financier went in for thirty
days, but that didn't help the caterer.
He was plucked. If this expose of the
grasping orphan Is of any assistance to
Mr. Hearst, the noted Trust Buster, he
Is : welcome to it. There are no trusts
at- Mudville. ; .
clinch under the pew next to the pul
pit. The chill night air of the street
killed the last theatrical germ Jn our
systems ' and so 7f ar as I know Bill
never made another attempt vto go
upon i the stage. Neither did I.
One of the male orphans who lodged
in our midst was 'a born financier, be
ing, quite likely, the unclaimed progeny
of an Eastern captain of Industry.
Thathe missed the Wall-street train
ing of his ancestors was plain,' for the
first dash into the realms of trade
landed him in JaiL Had "the boy re
mained in New York and been brought
up tn the way he should go. it's dollars
to breakfast food he would now be at
the head of a trust. He had the
merger principle and knew how to cor
ner everything In sight.
This orphan was adopted by a Chris
tian family and he used the piety of
those foster parents to cloak his vile
conspiracy. A little Mudville man,^
who desired merely to live, opened, a
little restaurant. Every night or so the
orphan descended cnthehome cf the
restaurant man and stole a chicken.
which he sold, through an accomplice,
to. the caterer. With the proceeds of
the sale the orphan feasted on fried
chicken at the cafe next day. paying
for the same with the coin the proprie
tor had coughed up for his own poul
try. Besides the chicken, the villain
absorbed vast quantities of mashed
potatoes and gravy, bread, butter and
liquids, for which the caterer had paid
out money to people who did not dine
there. And for every cash meal the or
phan got | one on credit.
Those were happy days In the foun
dry because I had not learned to loathe
the perverted genius who Invented
work and had forgotten -to take out a
patent on it. Being an enthusiastic
kid. I ¦ carried home bags of sand and
molded things — mostly lead nickels — tax
the cool of the evening. But there was
no demand far that sort of coin, and I
closed up my mint at the suggestion
of the village Icecream man, who had
a pull "with the constable.
Ambition. stirred me, too, for I hoped
to become a foreman some day, and
ait for hours on a nailkeg. thereby
staggering common, workmen with the
belief that I knew' so much about the
trade it made me ache to carry it
around. That dream was only a pipe
which soon went out, but my name ap
peared In the directories of several
Iarga cities linked is small type to the
words. Iron Molder, and the street
numbers of fierce boarding houses. So
I - am not utterly unknown to fame,
after all, a feeling shared by the man
who haa once seen bis name in print,
though the occasion *for It be nothing
more than the delinquent tax Hat. If
we are to have greatness thrust upon
every country boy who picks up- a snap.
Seme o* U3 are exceptionally bright Jn
the matter* of avoiding- the gilded
goods. • .' ¦„ * .•'.... -
For three years I diti blackface turns
in a pile of black, sand, learning: the
trade. Not a few of the caatlron stove-
Ieg3 I built when- a boy are still leaving
footprints on humble kftchen floors—en
during' tributes to my budding genius In
the gentM craft of molding-. Whatever
bad breaks I have since made in other
lines cannot r wlpe out the fact' that Z
was a fair -to middling rr. older at the
finish. - - *-•.¦¦•¦-..: -..- ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,; SUNDAY CALL.
ON AND OFF THE BREAD WAGON
BEING HARD LUCK TALES AND DOINGS OF AN AMATEUR HOBO
FABLES FROM THE FOOLISHMY DEAR PROFESSOR— I have been told by Uncle
Silas, who is now visiting me, that you were disappoint
ed in my letters; that you hoped I would write to you,
my old professor of sociology, on topics which would
show that I have profited by my opportunities to study, in
a-great city the science in which you grounded me at the Sacchar
ine Academy. I am glad to have this frank criticism by you, and
equally would have welcomed it if you had made it" to me instead
of to my uncle. But I do not admit that my letters lack sociologi
cal value. I do not recall that in any of your lectures, nor in the
text books, the science of social phenomena — sociology,— - was de
fined as social development of the lower strata of society, rather
than in the strata nearer the top. Concerning the latter I cer
tainly have written to you at length. And why riot? Is it, as the
political demagogue, the sensational press, would have us believe,
that the lower classes alone are worthy the consideration of
thoughtful men? No! In botany, do we neglect the rose be
cause of its beauty ;,the violet, because of its ; sweet perfume ?
Why, then, complain that my letters have'beem largely about^tjie
roses and violets of society, instead of ill-smelling; weeds? The
latter have their uses and their place, no doubt, but have not the
rose and violet as well? -
Uncle Silas is disposed to be merry at ¦ what he asserts is a
great change in my views of life, which . he attributes to the ¦ fact
that I find myself possessed of greater aptitude for agreeableness
to people of my own class"than to the submerged class of whom I
once, he reminds me, thought. so highly— theoretically..
"Reuben," said Uncle Silas to me the other day, "the only time
you attempted to address an audience: of the lower class you had
to thrash your hearers before vthey would listen to you. V You find,
t ... ..¦ P • . ... ... - • - .. . ¦ -.1
however, that, audiences of your own class will listen to you with
out the help of the police to make them do so, arid therefore you
have become an aristocrat, a butterfly of fashion, a devotee of -the
futile 5 o'clock tea, a connoisseur in the arts, a follower, of the foibles
of the day." ' ". . ' .;
Sincethe arrival oi Uncle Silas I have been engaged more than
ever, if possible, in society duties. He s is, as you are aware, a
preacher of the gospel of doing things, and, in truth, does every
thing" but sleep; thus, finding^ it possible to work all day^ with af
fairs in the financial district arid. participate most of the' night in af
fairs of the ; polite set in which~L am now a notinconspicuous mem
ber. His sister, my dear Aunt Sarah, claimed" his evenings exclu
sively for a time, but of iate he has accepted engagements I
have rriade for ; him, and these usually include Mrs. : Lacquerre and
her' daughter ;, Frances. This was after Uncle Silas : remarked,
"Pear;Sister Sally"--mearJng my aunt-— "isfa bit too persistent; in
mulling the ; subject of \ your rriarriage ? to ¦ her daughter to be en
tirelyentertainingto a "man somewhat. inclined to mull the subject
of his own marriage." vN V }
"WHat !" I exclaimed, laughing at the -absurd \ thought. "Are
you.; seriously thinking of ; marriage, ; Uncle : Silas?,""
; ¦ "Why not, Master^Impertinence ?"^he -• responded.; "The '¦- rto.
sonl'ninot^married*is because I've not-had'time.to commit matri
mony.' I've been too busy making, my own; fortune and increasing
yours; to give* the hour; I; suppose one sliould: devote to the choice
of a wife— or finding a girl who'll have him. I believe I could
take an hour off for the purpose— if I got up uncommonly early one
day." ggSPili? - "
"I . have often thought of your marrying Mrs. Lacquerre, Uncle
Silas," I said to him, "and with pleasure, for she has been such a
good friend of mine ; but, really, it will be a*cruel turn to deprive
me of my best chum. Couldn't you find some one else who would
suit you as well?"
He replied," looking at me whimsically: . "That is the most
selfish speech I ever. heard. Here are you, making suit to the
daughter, yet you want also to retain* the mother as a friend — an
unmarried friend! However, if you seriously object to my marry
ing Mrs. Lacquerre, and depriving you, thus, of your chief adviser,
promoter, chum and guided I will look around this little old island
of Manhattan to see what else offers. ¦> You promise not to object
to my second chbice, whoever she may be?"
I responded in the same half serious vein that I would urge no
further objection, but that I could not, with fortitude, think of Mrs.
Lacquerre marrying. . • ¦ ¦
In truth, such was the fact. Although I am still decorously
pursuing my suit for the hand of Miss Frances — with no more
success than at first — -it ir. with her mother I find myself n;ore
often thrownin companionship.
But here am I, my dear professor, writing to you, although
my groom informed me some time ago that my saddle horse was at
the door, and I must be off on a promised canter through the park
with Mrs. Lacquerre. Miss Lacquerre will not accompany us, as
she has promised to lunch witji Uncle Silas in the city, and after
ward attend with him a meeting of bankers, whereat he is to
make an address. My engagement calls, so y I shall postpone the
conclusion of this letter until a later hour.
It is a later day instead of a later hour, but I assure you that
my time has been so filled with matters of the greatest importance
that no thought of letter writing has been possible. And, as you
shall see, the affairs which have occupied my time were of a sin
gularly distracting nature. I spoke of the canter through the park.
When it was over Mrs. Lacquerre graciously said I might lunch
with her and entertain her until the return of her daughter from
her engagement with Uncle Silas. I experienced lively pleasure
from the prospect of an uninterrupted afternoon with the lady.
At lunch and for a time afterward we talked of affairs relating
to our social plans. Our plans, L say, for during the last few
months we have, insensibly, merged our plans; she advising and
helping me with mine and making them part of her own, I holding
myself ready at all times to assist her in any way a man may be
useful in such .respects. But soon we were talking of other things,
of her wish to travel abroad again, and the hindrance Miss Lac
querre was to her plans. "I wish, Reuben," she suddenly exclaim
ed, and with unusual earnestness, "that you'd hurry up and con
vince Frances that you are the man she should marry and take her
off my -hands. Then I'd have leisure to do a little independent
planning for my 'own amusement. Won't the girl have you?"
Some emotional impulse made me ask, "Then are you so anx
ious that I should'marry Frances?"
"Of course I am," she replied stoutly, but she blushed as she
said it, and I quickly insisted. "If Frances married some one else
it would affect your liberty as well as would her marriage to me."
"To be sure," the lady assented. "But I'd like to have Jhe
thing over with. I could marry, too, if Frances were off my
hands." ,
"And would you then marry?" I asked with meaning.
"That is not for you to ask," she replied, and I saw, as.
much from her tone as her words, that she understood the per
sonal application of my question and was steering away from an
embarrassing topic. In short, my dear professor, I will say in so
many words that Mrs. Lacquerre understood me to ask; by indi
rection, if there were hope for me in her favor should Frances
marry some one else. The situation was involved ; I was the
avowed suitor of the lady's daughter, yet confessing that my old
love for the lady had returned— if it had ever gone !— and half con
vinced that the lady looked upon me with approval, certainly
with more favor than upon, the occasion of my astounding first of
fer of marriage to her. But what could I do? I was bound to
pursue my suit of the daughter so long as there seemed a chance
that I might succeed. Yet. I was tortured with doubts as to my
'standing in the heart of this lady I truly loved, but to whom I
was in honor bound not to make another proposal of marriage — cer
tainly not until I should be finally refused by her daughter. It was
in a most unhappy state of mind that I said to Mrs. Lacquerre:
"If it should turn out that I am so far from your daughters ideal
of a husband that I must abandon my suit for her hand may I be
gin to try, humbly and patiently, to win your love?"
. Mrs. Lacquerre's pose of manner is brusque good nature. She
is disposed to deny any sentimentality, affects and seeks to convey
the impression -that she, is as hard within as she is polished out
wardly. I, of course, long ago saw through this mask, saw that
she is a lady susceptible to many emotional moods, is as sentimen
tal as she is witty, and affects otherwise to 'prevent appeals to that
concealed side of. her nature, yet, knowing this, I was still unpre
pared to see tears in her eyes as she replied to my question : "Oh,
the^ deuce of it is, Reuben, that you need not begin to try to win
my; love— you've won it already!"
Then, to my immeasurable surprise and distress she began to
weep, and .hurried from the room. I sat in a daze of happiness
until she returned, and smilingly said : "There! I've made a fool of
myself, and perhaps it's done me good. It's all over now — I hope it
is; for I've* powdered my nose — so we'll never speak on the subject
again. Now let's talk about- — the weather."
I understood, 1 and plunged into talk of impersonal subjects/but
:..we were 1 progressing indifferently when a servant entered and
gave Mrs. Lacquerre a telegram. She opened and read it, and
became as one stunned. Seriously alarmed, I. rose to go to her as
sistance, for she seemed likely to fall from her chair, but sudden
ly she began to laugh, somewhat hysterically, crumpled the tele
gram into a ball, tossed it to me and, for the second time, hurriedly
left the room.
The telegram, dated Philadelphia, read as follows :
"Frances and I married this afternoon.
"SILAS LARKMEAD."
Dear professor, Mrs. Lacquerre and I are to be married in &
rmonthr.r-'.'-itvwiir'take that long to perfect our plans ; for, although
the.weddirig will riot be a "large" one, as the saying is, still it must
. be perfect in- all its details socially. After the wedding we sail for
Europe, whence you may hear from me sometimes in the future
; Very, truly yours. . REUBEN LARKMEAD. "
THE SAN: ;FRANGISCO SUNDAY GALU
ADVENTURES OF REUBENBy the second week in October the
most likely candidates for the varsity
are given places at the training table.
"There is nothing peculiar about tha
training table." said Trainer Moulton.
"except that UteTmea are given sound,
wholescrr.a fc-od. Tobacco and Cquors
of all kinds are forbidden. There Is
absolutely so truth in the rumors that
in some of the Extern colleges the men
are allowed beer and ale throughout
the season- No one who has given, th«
matter any study can dinr that alco
fec-Uc drinks are injurious to the »y stein
when speed and endurance are sought
after.
"A man's stomach ia the tiiag that
the trainer must consider first ef alL
Improper nourishment, or the Improper
araoont of proper nourishment, will
throw the whole system out of order.
Fcr instance, allow certain Interior
muscles to gather en fat, and yoa Im
mediately ImpUr a maa'a wind and
weaken h!s staying qualities."
The training rules are simple, but any
deviation from teem means summary
diarrxissal frcm th^ squad. The three
chief rules are these:
Every man must retire at 11 o'clock.
Erery xaan must di3£exse iritn the
us« ef alcoholic lftxuora.
•^riVEN frcm fifty to one hundred
[ / indrviiual combinations of braira
WT ani trawn, to develop the eleven
>„ that sin make the moat effective
aggregate combination of oCen-
Eive ard <iefe^£l\-e warfare that the
university can produce — that is the
task that at present confrczta Coach
Lanagan and Trainer Mcultcn down at
Stan'c""' 4
It's net a spasmodic, happy-go-lucky
performance, this whipping a big var
eity football team into shape. The
player who., in the calcium light of
thirty thousand eyes, kicks a goal cr
makes an end run cr breaks the iine
£.=<; turns doubtful suspense into glor
icus victory may seem to act like an
automaton; he instinctively seems to
know what to do and when to do it,
and jrou trcsier, when it's all over,
hew he ccuIS have dene otherwise.
But back cf it all there lies a story of
deadly earnest and hard wcrk. Not *.
detail has b«n overlooked nor an
emergency left unprepared fcr. There
may. indeed, be a tide in the affairs
of every gridiron performer, but the
ccach thinks otherwise. He is an in
carnation ef the doctrine that football
genius is but the capacity for hard
Ts-crk.
At Stanford as at Berkeley, the big
inrercc!l»giate garr.e every November is
the great crest cf the year. On the red
latter day cf tie game all men are kin.
AMERICA'S GREATEST FOOTBAIvL TEAM-
By "Walter Camp
For one tackle there is Newell of
Harvard, who figured as the star tackle
of three All-America teams.
The other choice would be Hector
Cowan of Princeton, a captain and one
of the most powerful men who ever
played the position- He figured on the
All-America team the first year of this
roll of honor, but would have filled the
place ia ths previous years had there
been such selection made.
For guards the choice would be
HefCelflnger of Yale, selected for the
All-America, teams of 1S8S, 1839 and
1890. and that phenomenal guard.
Glass of Yale.
Truxton Hare of the University of
Pennsylvania, in the All-America teams
of 1J97, IS3S, 1S33 and 1900. under other
conditions would undoubtedly have
been an equal selection to these two,
and would have been chosen as many
years as he played on any first-class
team, but he was not played as a
guard, but in moat of Pennsylvania's
big games was called upon to do prac
tically all the running (all. at any rate,
that was effectived with the ball, and
on defense to -*m out from his position
at aruarii and tackle men who . gtjt
around the end, and, finally, added to
all this, he was called upon to do the
puntin:?. A man with such versatility,
If be had ten good- men with him.
would have been able to pull out a good
many victories for his team, but forced
to do all the work himself, and with
abilf*v to always be with his. runner,
whether in striking the line or after the
runner was through, and his strength
in dragging that runner along, meant
many yards for his team.
Gordon Brown of Yale also a selec
tion for four years on All-America
teams, would be . chosen without a
doubt were it not for the phenomenal
giants already noted.
Heffelfinger of Yale has stood out
for years as the king of the guard po
sition. He was a most powerful maa
in build, without any superfluous flesh.
and was a remarkably fast runner. So
fast, ¦ indeed, that at one time, when
Yale was in great difficulties as to the
question of securing an end. the pro
ject was considered of playing. Heffel
finger at the end of the line, and he
was quite fast enough to perform the
work, being even from bis position In
the line one of the . first men to ret
down the field under kicks. He was
not only a strong player, but a strat
egic one, and he had studied the possi
bilities of ¦ his position until he had
made far more -of It than had ever
been made before. He was not used In
running with the ball, because Yale's
system has always been based ¦ uoon
the idea that the guard. If he perform
his work properly, has so much to do.
especially In defense, that it fs hardly
worth while to exhaust him unduly .by
giving him more running to do on the
attack.
Glass of Yale ¦was on All-America,
teams ths only year he played and was
the reliance of the Yale line in that
year, always being ready, f ortunately
for himself and the team, to perform a
good deal more than the lion's share of
the work. Like Heffelfinger, he carried
no superfluous weight, but was a fciz.
poor support, it was more than could
be asked.
choice for the All-America teams for
three years. Both of these men were
captains and successful captains.
Frank A- Hinkey of Yale was one of
the most remarkable ends that ever
played the position In this country. He
was on the All-America teams of 1S91,
1S32. 1S93 and 1S94. He secured his
position at Yale when a freshman, and
although he was by no means athletic
in appearance nor of muscular build.
h* displaced all tbe other candidates.
This frail appearing man, weighing but
147 pounds, was probably the most
ft-ared by his opponents on account of
his ability to diagnose and get through
any kind of Interference that was sent
against an end. In addition to that he
pessessed that most valuable charac
teristic of an end, intuition as to where
the plays were going and ability to be
always on hand when the ball came
down. His career was one of steady
progress, resulting In his final cap
taincy of the Yale team.
jCampbell of Harvard was the choice
of the All-America, team in 1839. 1900
and 1501. He was a man of muscular
build, although not as heavy as some
of the more modern ends which the
recent changes ra rules are developing,
but he was very powerful and fast in
getting down the field. His especial
forte was in assisting his own runner
In attack, and in . this he stood oat
above all other . ends of his time- « In
fact, it is upon this quality that "he
would be given the place. There were
few ends who might match, him ia de
fensive work or In getting down the
field, and none of them were quite his
equal in tackling, while his particular
Kelly of Princeton and the All-
America halfback of 1S36 and 1857
would make a fitting mate to ilc-
Clung", while the fullback position
would go to Butterworth of Yale and
the All-America man on the teams of
1533 and 1894.
fCouvrfcrht. 1904. The Independent.)
powerful man. with tremendous speed
and willingness. In contests la which
he playci he was easily the most
marked man on the field, and In both
attack and defense playing such a
game that his fame traveled wherever
the sport la played.
Center is a more difficult position to
select, but Lewis of Amherst and Har
vard and the All-Aznertca teams of
1SSS and 1333 has a shade the better of
It when everything i3 considered. He
was an accurate passer, strong in both
attack and defense, and particularly
active. Corbin of Yale would have
been chosen, but the day of his su
periority antedated these selections.
For quarterback Daly of Harvard
and West Point and the All-America
teams of IS 93, 1S93 and 1900. and
skipping one year, for two years fol
lowing practically the sole winner of
the West Point- Anna polls game for
his side, has the longest and most
phenomenal record of any- of the
quarters. Beecher of Yale, one of the
best remembered- quarterbacks, ante
dated the selection of the All-America
teams.
In the back field, McClung^of Yale,
of * the All-America . teams of 1SS0
and 1391, was the best, all thlng3 con
sidered, of any of the men who stood
is the uosition- '
One end would be Hinkey , of Yale,
who was the choice for that place on
tht All -America teams for four years.
There is no other man who has cov
ered that position in such a way as to
be thus chosen or recog-nized.
The other end would be filled by
Canto bell of Harvard, who was the
WHEN asked to eelect an all-
America, team of the all-
Anierica * teams — that Is.
to piik out the stars of
seen a. palaxy of players as
have made names for themselves on
the gridiron since the original selec
tion of this kind — the task seemed at
fj-rn Impossible, says Walter Camp in
the Independent. And It is impossible
if one were to guarantee that this
ttarn, when finally chosen, should be
able to work together and be success
ful withoui considerable practice.
Having seen an all-star aggregation at
New Haven on the occasion of the
Yale bicentennial, although It includ
ed players as far back as those who
represented Yale teams in 1S75 and
18TS. actually smother the regular aec
ccd eleven of the university, I believe
that even such a team as this might
b+ able, after some practice, to get
tcpether and play a powerful game.
Nevertheless, the present selection Is
intended to cover more nearly the men
r/ho are regarded by football enthusi
asts as the best men who have played
i.t the various universities during these
many years.
The freshman takes his seat besiie his
set-ier brother and dia^no«es the situ
ation with the seasoned composure of
a veteran collegian- On that day. three
months in ~~>ge, cr three years, cuts
little figure.
It is no welder, then, that the whip
ping cf the big- team into shape is
watched with absorbing interest. The
evolution year after j-ear of the raw
recrcit from an unknown Quantity to
the padded wender in the red sweater
with the big "S" is, with a few slight
variations, v«ry much the same old
story- It is only the eequ*l that Is ever
No sooner does the player find him
self familiar with the elementary tac
tics cf the ?is« than he is plunged
into the thick cf it- There is at first
the prosaic catching and passing -f the
ball, there is blocking and tackling,
tarkiins and blocking. Then husky
Ogata bejrin to dodge and dive and
circle about h!m. K* feels every mus
cle tingling, evcrj- brafncell brought
into fecticn. As the season advances,
the days grow shorter, and the shadoxra
on the gridiron prow long and faint.
By this ilnae.he has gone through the
various match g-an-.es, he has made the
Team, and before he knows it the
Cfesse, the Biz Game, which above all
.-ifc*rs must be wen. is at hand.
" irut this process of evolution is too
complex ta te summed up in a few
sentences. From the tinze the men sign
\ip tor th* sguad until the call to the
big game is a neriod of eight cr ten
weeks. During that time material has
to be weeded out and molded Into
shape. There can be no fa
voritism. Every rr.an Is given to under
stand that merit alone counts. The
American university is the most demo
cratic institution in the world, and the
football field is the most democratic
part cf the American university- It is
democratic, yet the training of the big
team is a graphic Illustration* of the
law cf the survival of the fittest. Not
that there are any weaklings among the
candidates; among the fifty who signed
vp tor the varsity this year at Stan-
ford every man may develop some
strong points peculiar to himself. But
the big team demands the best of the
best.
As soon as college opens in the fall
active preparations begin for the com
ing intercollegiate game. In fact, no
?ccner is one gme over than specula
tions are afloat as to the outcome of
the next contest — speculations which
must, however, be of an ethereal na-
ture. While it may be foretold with
reasonable certainty how many of the
old men win return to college, the loss
of one or two players may be irrepar
able. Even after the eleven is some
what definitely formed into shape al
lowances have to be made for acci
dents to the players, and for that fatal
Nemesis to many an aspirant for the
big S — the ax of the committee on
scholarship. These are the things
which combine to throw an element
of uncertainty up to the very final out
come.
The signing up of the men for the
squad marks the formal opening of the
football season. The event is not per
mitted to go by without appropriate
ceremonies. It is made the occasion for
th« first outward manifestation of col
lege spirit o( the year, and the speeches
that are made and the cheers that are
given for the success of the year's team
are distinctly characteristic of college
life. Nowhere, can you find such a col
lection of lusty, yelling humanity as at
a college football rally. There ia a spon
taneous enthusiasm about it an reveal-'
Ing the moral support that is behind
the players— the kind of support that
edges a man an to give his university
the best that is in him. Let the rooterd
give the "big varsity" a few times, and
every man forgets his own individu
ality—forgets everything but the team
arid victory.
The first two weeks of practice mark
the first stage in the evolution of the
gridiron performer. During this period
he is instructed in the rudiments of- the
game and pat through light and easy
work. Fifteen minutes of ~gym" work
dally serve to loosen up the muscles.
On the field the work consists In punt-
Ing, catching, falling on the ball, and
other light exercise. This year nearly
eighty men turned out for the first
football practice of the season. The
candidates were divided up into two
sctua<j3. irrespective ef freshmen or old
men, and these were in turn divided
into those tryin? for backfield positions
and those trying for punts, while the
ends, tackles and guards were started
down the field, two at a time, after
the ball. Besides this, there was the
handling cf kicks, and running down of
punts by the iine men-
Two or three weeks after the opening
of the season the match games with
outside teams begin, and the football
season U in full swing. It ia not. how
ever, until about five weeks after the
work of training has commenced that
the varsity begins to form into shape.
By this time it is pretty well settled
who will make the -team, although a
man may not be certain of his position
before a few days of the game.
The team now begins to work more
and more on the offense, where team
play 13 more essential. Where there is
individual playing, the team may pre
vent their opponents from scoring, yet
would find it dif3cult to sccro them
selves. But with the development of
the team into a unit the offense is
strengthened and the chance of scor
ing Increased.
At thi3 time the team begins to de
velop from a collection of individual
players to an aggregate whole. They
begin to get what Yost used to call the
"football instinct." The plays are
rounded out well, and there is a dash
and vigor that arouses the enthusiasm
of the bleachers, i The bleachers are
there to give moral support and en
couragement, and they play a mighty
part in the deveto-pment of the team.
Let the bleachers let loose a few old
style yells, and yoa notice immediately
the increased dynamic of the players.
The bleachers are there" to yell, and
the players are there to play football,
and it Is wonderful how much a yell
can do sometimes to urge on a touch
down.
Every man must dispense with the
us.: of tobacco.
"I come with the sane ell soc? about
training rules," said Trainer Jlsulton
at .the opening rally. .*"I wast to em
phasize one thing — that a3 seen "as a
nan sis^s Ids came here to-night ha
goes into training, and hs nr-s-. keep
th* rules faithfully. I know it means
hardship, but the game and the finish
are well worth i:. To th? new men I
want to say that I can tell If you break
training rules even if I don't see you do
It. Your work will show It on, the field.
and the firsc thing- you know you -will
be taken c2 th» field and you won't
know why. -You can't succeed any
ether \sayT'
Much depends upon. the_ spirit la
•which men. go about the •work. "Three
things." said Coach Lanagau. "should
be Understood as being absolutely es
sential to success. The first of these
13 good spirit. This means that when
a fellow ia told to do a thing he must
do It right away, and he must do it
in the best spirit. In the second place,
we must have a crowd of men that
•will fight. There ar© plenty to fight
fairly hard, but thi3 year we have nien
who will do- a little better than their
best. This was well illustrated during
one of the recent games. In that gams
there was a man who had not kicked
more than forty yards, but when It
s-as up to him he kicked sixty yards.
That's the kind of men we want.
Finally, the men must absolutely kee?
the training rules. They must not
smoke cr chsw. and they must be la
bed by 11 o'clock. Any one who breaks
these rules will be sent from tha Cell
at once."
"Itfsa peculiar thing." said Trainer
Moulton. "that In the development of
every team there is a certain period
when the men grow stale. Toa can't
account for it. but you can always fig
ure that a month cr so before th» b!g
game the team slumps. The prelimin
aries show up poorly, and ther* seems
to be a general retrogression.
"As to nervousness, my ex^vrirze*
has been that the men will shew mcr*
scare Just before a preliminary thaa
before the big game. The team never
shows up at its best at a preliminary.
It is only at the big game that ta* a«
are lined up for royal battle, and It Is
oc!y then that each maa brings out th»
best that is in hira."
An incident is teli by ens of the old*
time players which shows that football
men are cot the crsly ones who ! gst
nervous en the night before the game
The team had beea taken ta en* ef
the country botsl3 la th» neighborhood
to rest up before the big contest. The
hotel was crowded, and It was taxpes
sible to find accommodations f^r all
the men. There was on* room, how
ever, which was still vacant, hut whlca
the landlord refused to let out under
any circumstances. "When cressed for
a reason, he explained that the bus
occupying the adjoining room was so
extremely nervous that h» could not
bear the slightest noise, and that he
had paid to have the room adjoining
his own kept vacant. After much ar
dent argument the landlord finally con
sented to hare two ef the players oc
cupy the room, but -only on the solemn
premise that they refrain from T-piV+wg
the slightest disturbance. Everything
went off according to the progranime
until one ef the men. while retiring.
drc-pped one cf his shoes with a terrific
thud. loud enough to be heard around
the house.
There were moments of agonized sus
pense. Fifteen minutes passed by and
our player wa3 congratulating hfcrself
having thus easily escaped, when a
nervous, jerky voice from the adjoin
ing room blurted out. "D-d—damn It.
why d-d -don't yea hurry up and drop
that other shoe?** .'
There comes a time at last when the
prr-ces3 cf evolution Is complete.
Months of toil, grind and hardship
h-ve amalgamated into a mechanism
a3 nearly perfect as anything human
can be. eleven separate entitles that
had nothing in common save grit, de
termination and strength. The heart
breaking hour and a half U at hand
which 13 tw test the metal that has
been so long tempering. The "Big
Team" has been whipped Into shace.
THF SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL
WHIPPING
A BIG TEAM
INTO
SHAPE: Blocker, t ,SuIsun;.'Helen --^Nagle, Santa
Rosa; ".Freda - Faude, " 2529^.McAllister
jstrjeet.r San-": Francisco; ' Fred'Musso,
San >. Jose; Ellsworth Mellon. '379 Alca
traz-1 avenue. Oakland: Fred Hewer.
Agnew; < Etta Lowe, Agnew; Howard
Cuyler,;' South Berkeley; Ralph Has
kins, 332 Eighth avenue. San Francisco;
Flora Senf, Sacramento; Albert Bangs,
3505 Twentieth street, San Francisco;
Ruth.' Benson,- 1214 York street, San
Francisco; : Emma .Tubbs. 1224 York
stfeet.^.San^Francisco; Gladys Schulte,
915At Dolores '/ street, San Francisco;
KateV: Brown, 33S Capp street, San
Francisco; Charlie Rosso, 114 Silver
street,'- iSan Francisco; Alice Magary,
919 Valencia street, San Francisco; E.
Callahan,. 1051. Guerrero street, San
Francisco; Manie Smith,.. 318 Utah
street, San Francisco; Mabel Morrison,
1324 Filbert street, Oakland; Willie
Tcrwnsend, 1806 West street, Oakland;
Evelyn : Dei trick, Berkeley; Frank Ed
m'dndsor., Berkeley; Ransom .. Harring
ton.f.Berkeley; Alma Dann. 550 Thirty
fifth street, Oakland; Aubert But-
neau, 3S35 West -street, Oakland;
Fannie Martin, 1142 Adeline street,
Oakland; Frankie Murray, Sausalito;
Phillip Murray, Sausalito; * Willie
Matthews/Sacramento; Eva Rickard.
Sacramento; Grade Rollins. 1105 Wil
low street, Oakland; Edith Powers,
Lodi; Freddie Caler, 3739 Seventeenth
street, San Francisco; Hazel Bailey,
Agnew: George Wihr, 11 Metropolitan
avenue, San Francisco; Charlie Rol
lins, 1105 .Williow street, Oakland; Ed
na Schulte, Alameda; Kathryn Slevin.
1096 Treat avenue. San Francisco; Neal
McGettigan, 823 Fell street. San Fran
cisco; Paul Dewey, 1525 , Scott -street,
San Francisco. . . v. '•'
MWp^^Xm$^^Sm^^i&^ To-Day^
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
street, . San Francisco; John Till, '¦> San
Rafael; '.Dorothy. Nolan.^24 Henry
etreet, San /Francisco; Anna Laddish,'
Benicia; Earle ' Laddlsh; Benicia; Flor
ence Haringtou, 238 • Shotweil street.
San , Francisco; 1 -Alice ,Magerty,' 425
Ofaenery street; San :, Francisco;' Frank
Curran,'; 3122 - Washington \ street,' ,v San
Francisco; Eugene ., Klrgari, >,-.; Benicia;
Sterling!; Coulter," Santa Rosa; * Marlon
.., Once , more; that . pile ¦ of books apes down j by the full number of 150 , and .150 prize workers are one
book i happier.iv' But there are I more books where those came from, i and you all, have a good, fair chance at
tliemao-day.'h: • ; , : ' ' • ¦" ' ¦ ' >:^ : v'-": s '; £•"{•¦{ ¦'¦ ' ~i y .^i
\ '.'There arc -represented here the names ofjeisht parts of the human anatomy. They are all familiar
terms; almost all of them of parts visible to the eye— in fact everything from palate to joints. In a week or
so the Puzzle xEilitor. intends to. Rive itlie entire list of prizes to those who have worked hard the last month,
or. six weeks' buf who- haven't' been lucky cnoush to win.
. K E3IEMBER THE RULES COXCERNIXG -PICTURES. Don't send in untoncd proofs or stamp
photos. uh!-ss they are very plain. "Those who • work . liai-d but are so unlucky as to just miss inay get theb?
picture in ; as a reward for: trying. Pictures never appear at the same time with the names.
THERE TARE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PIUZES, and this is what you must do to win one ol
"them:"- '-.; :: '¦'>'¦ ¦ ~1 "¦ '. .: ¦ ¦ .. ~ /
¦¦•¦'•¦* ¦<«» ¦ •>.. . ¦• ' ¦¦ - - . ¦•r.'J-.:* 1 :-.. ¦ ' '¦ ;':¦-<:¦_- ; ; '-*-! ¦ ~.~
."'Find the « names, of parts, of the; body on this pase and write them out in the space, opposite the
proper : corresponding numbers •'provided; for tlie purpose in the coupon on'this page, as . per directions;
fill in the coupon with your, name" and- address and ' the ; prize you dcsb*c— If- you Vin— and send ; the cou
pon-to the EDITOR OF THE XA3IE PUZZIiE PAGE, Sunday Cail,i San Francisco, CaL i- 1 '.'}f, ''¦'¦.'. -
: R^JE3IBER-- T To 'the IJTRST ; ONE ; HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the eight
puzzles: correctly, '-.'one ol these ONE -HUNDRED'/ AND FIFTY BEACTIFUIi PRIZES will be awarded.
'; Arid don't foi-jjet this next point,^because it is very important: ;ALL ANSWERS aiL'ST REACH THIS
OFFICE BY* FRIDAY NOON.^^ This gives all those In the country an equal chance to compete. Read
. everything : on : tills pa'ge, to bo ¦ sure that you overlook • nothing ; that will help you to win a prize. -
THE -NAMES OP XHE LUCKY WINNERS WILL^BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
; WEEKS. FRO>i. TO-DAY, November 20.
. These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose if you solve all tho pcu
iles correctly: . * ' C'-'^J
Teh Gems From Kipling; Beautiful Joe, by. Saunders; Black Rock,. by Conner; Abbe Constantin, by
Halevy; ; A^ : Fine ; Sea : Story for .Boys; ; Uncle Tom's Cabin, by; Stowe; Prince of the House of David,'; by In
gralium; ; Imitation of \ Clirist, . by Thomas aTvempis ; ' Adventures of ' a Brownie, - by;, Mulock ; Alice in i Won*
* derland,*; by Lewis Carroll ; - Black Beauty," by ; Sewell ;' Lit tie Lame Prince, by 3Iulock ; Sketch ' ' Book, by
• Washington '-: Irving ; Window ; in A Thrums, by Barrie ; Tom Brown's . School . Days, by Hughes ; • E vangeline,
by ; Longfellow; - Old Christinas," by Irving; Lady of ¦ the "Lake,, by - Tennyson; ¦ Bryant's - Poems ; - Treasure Isl-
S. J. Volosing. 25 Clara street, San
Francisco; 1L G. Varney, 940 Myrtle
street, Oakland; Percy McGuire. 902
Treat avenue, San Francisco; Berna
dine Brei, Corning; S. Balk, 2031 Hyde
street. San Francisco; Grace Proiser,
1520 Twenty-third street, 'Oakland; H.
Muhr, 967 Broadway, Oakland; Helen
Powell, Hay wards; Henry Russell, Los
Angeles; Edward Kemp, Suisun; Rose
Brown, 875 Church street, San Fran
cisco; Ralph Brown, S75 Church street.
San Francisco; Margaret Williams,
Alameda; Marion Aver, 3724 Seven
teenth street, San Francisco; Archie
Seymore, Santa Rosa; Leny Powers,
174 Guerrero street, San Franci«co'
Charlie Attwood, 2312 McAllister street*
San Francisco; Edna Murphy, 2528 Mc-
Allister street, San Francisco; Gladys
Attwood, 2G12 McAllister street, San
Francisco; Rudolph Trautner, 2540 Mc-
Allister street, San Francisco; Dorothy
Hoogs, €14 Sutter street, San Fran
cisco; Walter Granicher, 2335 Market
street, San Francisco; Florence Steiter,
324 Duboce avenue, San Francisco- aI
Windele. 453 Fillmore street, San Fran
cisco; Florence Xickelsburg, 1911 Sac
ramento street, San Francisco; Harold
Hicks, SSS5 Clay street, San Francisco-
Frances Marshall. San Rafael; Willie
Crowd!, 7C9 Hay.es street, San Fran
cisco; Gertie McMahbn, Berkeley ¦ Wil
liam Walters. San Joser*Vl!;£inia Stark."
2432 Jackson street, San Francisco; ' S.
Southwell. 1505 -Polk street. San'Fran
cisco; Flora ;pistfelder, 155 San Carlos'
avenue, San (Francisco; Irma Smith
S11A Ehotwell street, San Francisco-
Irene Pacheco, San Rafael; M. Mc-
Leod, Sausalito; E. Mundell, San
Rafael; Eva Gibbons, 1321 Sac
ramento -street. San Francisco-
Eddie Graham, SCO Shotwell street.
San Francisco; Juanita Schiller
Sacramentp ; , Katharine Hahn, Alameda •
Hazel Horton. Livermore; Ernest Wat
eon, KayVards: Maud Russell, Hay
wards; Arthur Schram, 1112 Lake street,
San Francisco; Nellie Sterling. 879 Eddy
tlreet. San Francisco; Wilbur Wadams
Santa -Clara; Leo Wade, Alviso; Edith
Vandre, Vallejo; Ward Durgin Berke
ley; Edna Daley, 322 Eureka street. San
Francisco; Jimmie Clark, 2318 Bryant
Etreet, San Francisco; Ellen Murray,
Hoes; Louis Murray, Ross; Irma Grise
ga, 914 Bryant street. San Francisco-
Dodd McRae, 1152 Mission street, San
Francisco; Florence Harrington, 238
ghptwell street, San Francisco; Josie
Ke,iblsen, 821 Pacific street, Alameda-
Franklyn^ Morris, 150 West Mission
Etreet. San Francisco; Leonard Jacob-
Bon, 1227 Golden Gate avenue, San Fran
cisco; Meroyll Dunn, -4 Waller street,
San Francisco; Guy Young, -Alameda;
Hubert Hynes, Sacramento; Alice Man
lc-y, Alameda; Horace Walling, 1218
Jones street, San Francisco; Sadie John
son, San Rafael; Olive Johnson, San
Rafael; Theo Threlfall, Stdckton; Ger
trude Blanchard, San Jose; C. L. Tll
don, Alameda; Agnes Breckwoldt, Peta
luma; Gilbert Brierley. Agnew; Leon
ard Coombs, Agnew; Leo Andrade, San"
Bafael; Wayne Lewars. Berkeley: Ber
nice Johnson. Stockton: Mary WyckofC.
3115'^ Treat avenue, San Francisco; G.
Wenderins. Berkeley; Selma Fraser,
Sacramento; Mathew Cooper, San Jose;
Helen Carney, Chico; Allan Lloyd.
Berkeley; Marie Pretou. 1046 Folsom
street, San Francisco; Hertha Zeller.
Napa; T. Coburn, Berkeley; Walter
Graft, South Berkeley: Louis Fri
ent, 729 Clayton street, San Fran
cisco: Alice Kleupfer, 1321 Fifteenth
street. East Oakland; Annie La
roche, 413 Nineteenth street. Oakland;
Frances Murphy, 2528 McAllister street,
San Francisco; Tillie Terrts, Sacra
mento; Agnes Valentine, Ilaywards;
Adele Durieux, Vallejo; Jack Attwood,
2512 McAllister street, San Francisco;
Kate Johnson, Stockton: W. Robinson,
S25 Ashbury- street. .San Francisco;
Charlie Robinson. 825 Ashbury street,
San Francisco; Helen" Jonas, 524 Ellis
street, San Francisco; Vera Sullivan,
A^nexr; J. 'S. Read, 240 Chapultepec
¦ » . •
{"1>jHESE are the names of the lucky
I 150 prize winners in the puzzle
I contest of October 23, the names
JL jf parts of a wagon:
These Are
tSie Lucky
I5O Prize
Winners \
in tlie Puzzle
Contest
October 23
(THE SAN; FRANCISCO SUNDAYr CALIi
NUME PUZZLES
| Solve the Puzzles,
$ Fill Out the Coupon
\ and Send It to
| the Puzzle Editor,
I Sundav Call, S. F.
>,
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Can.
San Francisco:
Below hi their proper num-
bers' please find my solution of
the parts of the body terms hi
this week's puzzles s
©••••••..••...«•# •-••-••»«« .. « . .
7><...............,.. a>aa , s^ (
November C, 1004.
s
v
; Stato — • « <~~~ >''.
| If I wh» I choose for prize ino_textno_textno_textno_textjCarye and Smatt . S3cquestSj Wisely
&n vested, 97foney /or 9P/any
as Well as Jfospitals and Jfomes
FEATURES OF THE. GREAT, PUBLIC CHARITY OF PARIS.
My family has no claim on me and can raise no objections. They have
shown me only envy and. jealousy. It is with a sense of utmost gratifica
tion that 1 leave what I have to people who have done me neither good nor
harm."
Some seek' an atonement One suicide. writes: "If I have resolved to
leave this world it is because extreme weakness no longer allows me tc.
bear bravely the load of my slow and painful existence. My remorse *rt :
committing an act. contrary to religious law leads me to hope that God will
forgive meT* ;38BH
General de Laumlere, killed before Puebla In the Mexican War, was
pursued by compunction for having left a tailor's bill unpaid. "I beg my
father." he wrote, "to seek in Paris one- Jaquet. who was'ray tailor in 183L
I think I must owe him 500 francs. If he or his heirs can be found 1SQ<
francs are to be given them. Otherwise 2000 shall go to the Paris poor.**.
Mew Plan Under Consideration.
Some slight dissatisfaction Is expressed on the part of the poor as to
the management of their property, and a project is now on foot in virtue of
which the method of distributing money may be somewhat modified. The
minimum income allowed is. indeed, only two and a half cents a day given
to those who have other means. This sum. it is said, is too insignificant to
be of any utility, and yet It Is distributed so generally as to represent at the
end of each year a vast amount which might have been of real value to a
more restricted number. /
It is, therefore, proposed to divide the poor into four classes— the first,
those incapable of work and without any resources, numbering 6000, to re
ceive $6 per month; the second,. those able to work only a little or having a
very modest income, numbering S000, to receive $4 per month; the third,
those having employment or an Income just sufficient to keep them alive,
numbering 26,000. to receive $2 per month; and the. fourth. 15.500. Including
widows,- divorcees and women abandoned by their husbands, from $1- to $2
per month, according to the circumstances. These classes represent, of
course, only those who depend entirely or largely upon the public funds,
and would not cause prejudice to the other branches of the administration.
For this reform more money than now exists would be required. Nearly
$1,000,000 In addition would "be i needed each year; and the Assistance Pub
lique is waiting for some more legacies .to come In before approving Km
¦ plan.'
i for the poor. ' Over $3000 is spent each year on the care and extension of
museums to instruct the poor; $2000 on books for them, and $2000 in giving
them postage' stamps to communicate wltl their .relatives. No less than
$155,000, is devoted exclusively each year. to helping poverty stricken moth
ers, who might be tempted to abandon. their young children from inability
to feed them. . .
All septuagenarians have the right tola minimum pension of $2 per
month. .Others,, old or weak, or. poorly .paid, their employment,
draw pensions * of from $1 to $4 per month. ; If they fall 111, they
have theirphyslclans at their, call; if the case is serious, they have hospitals
and sanatoria at their disposal. Fifty- thousand Parisians depend absolute
ly for their income' upon this system; lOO.OOO^are more than h-lt. dependent
upon'it. , Six'thousand children are supported, ,hour- :, fed and educated;
20.000 are furnished with means while left with relatives or friends.
Fortune Left for Sugar Plums.
Although the Assistance Publique has. generally speaking, a free hand
in managing the rich estate' of the Paris poor, seme testators have speci
fied precisely what use is to be made of their money, while others have Im- .
posed conditions, failing the fulfillment of which the sum would be for
feited. Hospital beds and scholarships are the uses most frequently or
dered. Butothers^are of more y unexpected natures. One worthy woman, who
died an oldmaid, left an income" of $40 to be given each year as' a dowry, to
some deserving girl. Numbers have since {followed- this example, leaving
sums varying between $40.and:$200 to be ; given as dpwries for marriage or
learning; trades. YvA sentimental widow bequeathed $134 per year to be spent
In* buying sugarplums for the poor. More ..' practical, : a man named '; Moreau
left $1£ per year;for buying! flannel shirts. ,' . ;
* General Fabvler. a hero of the Napoleonic wars, made the Paris poor
his residuary,' legatees on the condition 'that ' the , following epitaph be
placed as an "eternal reproach r on" his tomb: "To the unhappiest of moth
ers." One *tO£tator founded' three perpetual hospital • beds on condition'
that at the headrbf; each should stand -statues of ' four saints— Damien.
Cosmo, Martin and Margaret. One" o f .'- the ; principal benefactors,"' ; named
Boulard, left* his "great fortune on the sole understanding that those ben
'efitlngbyhls^charity should celebrate his birthday each year by eating
f rica3seed ; chicken. . ¦ ,
Quarrels-. Cause Some Bequests.
Family.' quarrels are. responsible for many large bequests. General de
Feuchcres ¦¦¦¦ lef t?. to the Paris poor $2,400,000. the totality: of his wife's dowry.
He. had 5 ; thought 1 he wa3 marrying : a i royal i Princess, and found out too late
that^heihad' been .duped.' and In-hls'" Indignation- he refused to see her
again;or* touch 1 her money. * A" vitriolic old; maid named Bonai me penned
iherUvillv'asHfoI]ows:jgHBBM4R>KHKMtt9wVHpBH8 *$BHS*lSB8ft8|
• "1 ; wish i that i after my- death -all', that I own shall be sold for. the poor.
LONDON, Nov. 5.— Minna Shippard.
the fashionable nerve specialist, is
starting a health camp in the desert
under the shadow of the Sphinx.
"Desert air," she says, "is dry and
health-giving, and I purpose to form a
party of London women who will live
in tents like -Arabs. The members of
the 'party will undergo the treatment
as invalids. They will live and sleep
in tents and get all the benefits of un
equaled desert air."
Desert Air for the Nerves.
LONDOM. Nov. 5.— The. Town Coun
cil of Ealing Is .to be asked to build a
municipal home for bachelors. Colonel
Menzles, a member of the Council, is
the author of the scheme. He declares
that there is a real want in Ealing for
accommodation for bachelors. Young
men find great difficulty in "Inducing
families who can provide c<JmfortaB»e
quarters to take them In.
The proposal is to build a home to
accommodate about fifty bachelors,
•with dining-rooms, sitting-rooms and
bedrooms.
Town May Build Bachelor Home.
PARIS. Nov. 5.— A model hotel for
women and girls, erected in Paris by
the nephews of the late Jaques Stern,
the Marquis and Marquise Chassefourt-
I.aubat and M. and Mme. Langlade.
was opened this week before a fash
ionable assembly. M. Georges Picott
{he philanthropist, and Prince Augusts
d'Arenberg spoke. The exterior re
sembles a grand hotel. The rooms cost
10 cents a day and a good meal, with
wine, 13 cent3.
Model Hotel for Women in Paris.
PARIS. Nov. 5.— The strike of the
theatrical supers has been successful at
the Gaite des Varieties and the Olym
pia. The terms demanded have been
conceded. The male strikers demanded
liberty to retain moustaches. Isola
Brothers offered to supply barbers to
shave them gratis, but the supers ex
plained that it was not parsimony, but
esthetic feeling, which prompted the de.
mand.
THEATRICAL SUPERS MAY
RETACV THEIR MUSTACHES
On the back of the carriage was now
inscribed "Married at last." The sig
nature was the same.
Meanwhile some ribald scribe had
scrawled in chalk upon the back of
the bridal carriage, "Not married yet,"
and • signed it sacrilegiously with the
name of a well known gentleman whom
no persuasions can lure to his home.
Once again the bridegroom made his
way to the chancel steps and this time
he did net ' wait in vain. The bride
kept her appointment, the marriage
vows were exchanged and the happy
couple, drove away for the honey
moon.
The best man hurried to the bride's
house, only to find that she had gone
down, town shopping earlier In the
morning. From shop to shop he traced
her until he saw a carriage with a pair
of grays waiting outside a barber's.
He rushed in to find the hairdresser
sporting with the tangles of Neaera's
hair. " Hurried explanations followed.
How could a girl go to be married,
without a coiffure worthy of the occa
sion? asked the bride. The barber said
nothing, but pointed to his work as an
ample justification of the delay.
'At length the bride yielded to the
best man's importunities and fixed an
hour in the afternoon for the cere
mony.
"When 12 o'clock struck the bride
groom fled from the church amid the
giggles of the waiting congregation
and, sitting down upon the curbstone
outside, bitterly lamented his loneli
ness.
The hour of 11 had been decided on
for the marriage of the son of a local
tradesman to a young heiress. The
day had been fixed several times be
fore, but the bride had shuddered on
the brink of matrimony and the wed
ding had been postponed.
LONDON, Nov. 5. — An impatient
bridegroom and an equally impatient
congregation waited in vain for the
bride in a Salisbury church yesterday
morning.
Bride Keeps Groom and Congrega
tion Waiting While Curls Are
Beins Fixed.
VIENNA. Nov. 5. — A vulgar squab
ble before- the law courts is "Interest
ing all Austria. The suitor is Clotilde.
the youngest daughter of the mor
ganatic marriage of the late Arch
duke Ernest and Laura Stublitz. Tho
defendants are all her imperial aunts,
uncles and cousins, who are trying to
keep tlje estate which she claims. Pour
children came of- the Archduke's mor
ganatic marriage. The eldest was a
¦weak-minded girL The eldest son.
Ernest, was cashiered from the The
resa Military Academy for running too
deeply into debt. He sank lower and
lower, and 'became an omnibus driver,
a copyist of plays for theaters, fell 111
from want and died, leaving several
children.
The second son studied law, but com
mitted suicide to avoid death from
consumption. The fourth child, Clo
tilde, a circus rider, now claims her
father's private estate, and seems like
ly to win her suit.
Clotilde, Youngest Offspring of Mor
ganatic Slarriage, Brings Salt
Against Imperial Relatives.
DELAYS WEDDING UNTIL
COIFFURE IS IN SHAPE
AUSTRIAN ARCHDUKE'S ESTATE
CLAIMED BY CIRCUS RIDER
LONDON, Nov. 5.— The Duke of Marlborough bitterly resent3 the sale
in the picture shops of the duchess' portraits by Helleu. The other after
noon he went into a Bond-street shop and demanded by what risht the
proprietor put the duchess' picture in his window. The shopman explained
to the angry duke that Helleu had the copyright of the picture, and that
dozens of the duchess" portraits already had been sold.
The duke left, declaring that he would take steps to prevent Helleu from
selling any more of the duchess' portraits, remarking that he was paid for
the original, and had no claim to make further profit out of a private por
trait.
Something like consternation has been created at "Woodstock by the
report that the duke intends" to close Blenheim Palace for two or three
years and leave the whole, place in charge of caretakers, the duke's family
living at Sunderland House. Blenheim was closed by the late duke for sev
eral years, owing to money difficulties, but when the present duke married
Miss Vanderbilt it was considered a sure guarantee that Blenheim would
be kept open. _ .' ~
The explanation offered here is that the duke and his father-in-law do
not get on together, and this, it is declared, is not "W. K. Vanderbilt'* fault.
but the duke's. It Is known that the duchess felt bitterly over giving uo
country life, as her happiest moments are passed at' Blenheim with her
children.'
PARIS, Nov. 5— Rich, indeed, are the Paris poor! They possess in their
'own right real estate bringing in abouf $300,000 and stocks and bonds bring
ing in $250,000 per annum; they enjoy from various sources a clear in come of
over $7,000,000; they have at their disposal hospitals, sanatoria, asylums,
schools, lecture-rooms and private physicians, pensions for old age or illness
of disability— and all this not, as In other cities, to*1>e solicited as a favor,
but coming to them as their due after the simple formality of proving them
selves paupers. ; • .•
The truth is that no Parisian need be a pauper unless he wants to be.
The fact that from a total of 2,714,068 inhabitants 500,p00, or nearly one-fifth,
are largely dependent upon the general" revenues and institutions of the ad
ministration for the poor would seem' sufficient evidence that whatever the
number of beggars one may meet in the streets few really require help.
"While the Paris poor came by their wealth honestly,- through donations,
legacies and state and city subventions, the care of the vast' property thus
represented could naturally not be left to the poor collectively, or to any in-,
dividuals among them. So an organization known as the Assistance Publique,
with officers appointed by the Government to look after the paupers' wealth
and invest it and distribute Its revenues in the fairest possible way, was de
vised. That was nearly a century and a quarter ago. and through subse
quent revolutions, republics and monarchies it has continued to the present
day, with few modifications in its line of conduct, save that the sums to be
handled have quadrupled in recent years. •'?**£
Great Wealth in'Keal Estate.'
At the time of the revolution in 1793 a law made it obligatory for the poor
to. receive each his share of the general income. But the directorate decided
that forcing money, upon people was a little too radical, and the rule was
established, still in force, that the money and privileges belonged to the
poor, but they must apply for it and prove their poverty. .
The real estate owned by the Paris poor and controlled for them by the
Assistance Publique" represents an area of nearly 3.000,000 square feet. Thirty
years ago the area was almost double this figure, but in view of the increased
land values the administration judiciously sold here and there and invested
the proceeds otherwise. The property includes seventy-seven large houses in
Paris and numerous farms in the suburbs, as well as 346 gardens and grounds
in Paris. The houses are rented for $200,000 as schools, factories or apart
ments, whereas the grounds are leased at $82,000 for all possible purposes. By
the ingenious leasing of privileges, such as passage through certain grounds,
w-lndows allowed in the walls of adjacent houses, etc., an additional $5000 a
year is netted.
The hospitals, asylums, home schools and other establishments run for
the,benefit of the poor from their own funds necessitate numerous inciden
tal expenses' such as printing, sewing,, the manufacture of shoes and
brushes and market gardening. The Assistance Publique found that it cost
practically no moreto slightly Increase the output and -by selling the sur
plus ther«um of $90,000 per year.is now realized. Even the leavings of bones,
grease, peelings and bread from the various establishments are preserved
and sold; "netting. $13,000 -annually.:"
Use to Which Money Is Put
.There is need for. every penny of this money, the expenses attendant on
the comfort of .the poor being enormous." To begin with, there are thirty
two hospitals in" Paris and twenty-eight asylums, some in the capital and
others rest-resorts at the seaside or in the mountains, which must be looked
after. Then there are pharmacies, butcher shops, laundries, supply stores
BLEflHEItt PALACE MAY BE CLOSED
Duke Resents Helleu's Action anP
Will Try to Check Him.
SALE OF PICTURES
OF HIS WIFE STIRS
MARLBOROUGH IRE
MILLIONS IN STORE
FOR NEEDY.
GENEVA, Nov. 5.— Within the last
three months no fewei; than 270 dogs
have been chot by- Italian customs offi
cers on the Swiss-Italian frontier
while in the act of smuggling tobacco,
furar and salt from Switzerland.
It has beccine almost impossible
for men vo carry on smuggling: without
being caught, and consequently they
have taught dogs to do the work. The
animal is first taken to an Italian vil
lage near the frontier, where he Is pet
ted and well fed.
After some weeks of this the 'dog is
taken to the nearest Swiss village,
where he is half starved, and where a
man in the uniform of an Italian cus
tomi officer gives him an occasional
beating. B^B
After a few days of this treatment a
parcel of tobacco is fastened to the
dog's collar, and he is set free.
' He immediately makes for the fron
tier to reach his home on the Italian
side, and when he catches sight of an
Italian customs officer he remembers
his beatings, and does his best to avoid
comic £¦ near him.
SMUGGLING DONE
BY THE ITALIANS
BY USE OF DOGS
Pages 17 to 24
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, . NOVEMBER 6, 1901.
PARIS POOR BY THE LONG ESTABLISHED SYSTEM OF PUBLIC CONTROL OF PAUPER FUND ARE TRULY RICH
Pages 17 to 24• Manltou Tribe had an open meeting
in Red Men's Hall last week which was
The.;Odd^FellQws?of; this ;r.itv.im«.
Odd Fellowship;
Supreme President Mrs. 'Jeffreys,
during the month of October, paid^of
ficial to^; the ' following ." lodges ' of
the .of the ¦ Forest:' ; : ;t to Pio
neer. Lincoln," Mlzpah;^ Magnolia ; and
Friends of the Forest.
;>.The'funeral ofUhe/lateiMrs. Tiha;L.
Kane, * the ; first grand presldentjbf /the
Native] Daughters' of;' the* Golden'- W«st,
took ¦ place on 'the ; Iast^ Sunday? in 'Octo
ber in lone, ; the f ormer^hbme of the de
ceased.;.^" The- remains -\were.' brought
from -Ventura, the-' place of : her demise,"
by. railto Livermore,\where*there Iwere
in .walting^MrBr Lilly^ 6. Relchlih'g Dyer,
the"fourider76f the": order; Miss Laura J.
VraU»»,' ; ; , arrand'--. secretary; -Eliza*. -''D.'
' Home Council on the last Wedn^rtav
In October had a social In its hall In
the Odd Fellows' building which Us
attended by many people, who were^n!
tertained with an excellent programme
of interesting numbers, alter which
there was dancing. nich
Supreme Councilor Tugwell is in the
southern part of the State vtaittag
counftlio of tha ordar. »«»»w«5
/;On the; fourth Saturday in October a
new. council of the Order of Pendo with
a" good charter Hat was instituted at
Stege; Contra Costa" County.
Golden Gate Council at Its meetlne
last week initiated seven strangers
At the last meeting of the council at
Richmond, Contra Costa County those
members of the team who lost "in the
contest for candidates paid for an "lab
orate supper, which- was greatlv *n
Joyed by the losers as "well Is fhe w'Sl
Order of Pendo.
The members of the Ladies' Auxiliary
and a committee, from .each.. of i the
local lodges met with the Past Dic
tators' ':'. Association in the Alcazar
building November : 5 for * the purpose
Norman Lodge celebrated the twen
ty-fifth" anniversary- of its institution
by/, a dinner.-on. the^ last Tuesday .in
October, in the " B'nai : B'rith J, building:.
There were- many ladies 'as well * as
knights, present, apd the grand officers
were ; In attendance. .William Saalburg
presided aai toastmaster. The toasts
were : "Norman . Lodge," 'Jacob . Gans;
."Supreme Lodge, K. of . H.," Maxwell
Crowe; "Grand Lodge of California."
P. v L. Archibald, grand dictator;
"Future of the Order," Thomas Jphn
stone, grand reporter; "State of the,
Order," F. W. Zehf uss ; "Our Country."
E. F. Joy; "Benefits of the Order,"
p. jl> Joyce; "Great Good "of Fra
ternity." Ben I. . Solomon, . arid "The
Ladies," William Saalburg.
Knights of Honor.
'Gate Council at Its last
meeting had two candidates to initiate.
Oakland ; Council last week was .vis
ited by the State senators of the ' order
and the general' deputy. After the ini
tiation of several strangers there were
talks '; for the of ¦ the order,"/ with
much encouragement for'* future : work.
Union Council 'will, at Its fnext meet
ing, have ten 'strangers .to*' initiate. .On
.that r night General - Deputy Wilsan 1 will
install S. P. .Holden asTsecretary - and
"Ashley Farless; as treasurer.*. :
On November 17 El; Capltan ; Council,
the home -council" of ..General ."Deputy
Wilson, will ; make the /record of .".the
State;for a" single, council— namely.tthe
initiation of. fifty; or, more: strangers, 1
the t majority f of ;. these being \ recruited
from the Woodmen of the World, \w ho
were, induced to . appreciate the /fact
that- It 'is wise to carry, fraternalHn
surance in two fraternal associations/
The -*-' person -who ~ led them ,'-r into that
frame* of mind is the 'general ."deputy.
This initiation ' will 1 be made : the occa
sion of a gala^night. : : N -1 '•.'¦• '
California . Council, at Its last
meeting In October, received . three ap- !
plications for membership. The' mem
bers are working hard to reach the 500
mark. ' ... JMfWtfffliJwHffi
The visit of Senators Cuthbert,
Field and General Deputy Joseph A.
Wilson to the council of the National
Union in San Jose on October 19 ; will
long be remembered with pleasure by
all who attended. The meeting place
was crowded to its limit and, the 'J, en
thusiasm manifested has seldom. been
equaled in a council of tnls order. The
members : promised to Increase ,* he
council by fifty within a short time)
The general deputy, with t*at remark
able modesty which has alwayjN char
acterized him, said 'that as the^ council
has a; membership of 200 an/. 'is will
ing to work it might as welt make the
increase 200 instead of 50. ~
National Union.
On the fourth Saturday in October
Burnaby Lodge, Order Sons^. of St.
George, gave a smoker in the Laurel
Hall of the Shiels building in com
memoration of the anniversary of the
battle of Trafalgar and in memory of
Lord Nelson. There was a large gath
ering of members and invited guests to
do honor to the occasion. The hall
was lavishly decorated with! British
and American flags and banners. The
programme of entertainment included
selections by the orchestra, vocal se
lections by Messrs. Stott, Dllllng, Dr.
Abbott, Fred. H. Everett, Taylor, Al
lison, R. Welch, Channing and Peters
and apprentices from -British ships in
the . harbor, the . latter: Joining in
choruses. Messrs. Emmons and Taylor
entertained with instrumental selec
tions; Austin Lewis, president of Al
bion Lodge, delivered an interesting
address on Lord Nelson and the cause
of the war with France. This was
listened to with marked attention and
he /was frequently applauded. Cap
tain Leale told first-class stories, Judge
Frank H. Kerrigan gave a short talk
on experiences on the bench. Trustee
W. H.'- Williams contributed humorous
selections, Julius Kahn told of his ex
periences . while in "Congress, and* be
tween smokes a collation and refresh
ments were served. The evening
closed with the singing ol "God Save
the King" and . "America.'' President
T..Wood was chairman of the evening.
Empress Victoria,., Lodge, Order
Daughters of St. George, will give an
old-fashioned English tea party Jn Red
Men's Hall 'on the night of November
21. The following committee made
all arrangements to have this
one of the most pleasant functions of
the kind ever given by the lodge: Mrs.
J-, Putney, ; chairman; Mesdames , E.
Witts, t A. Creba, . E. J. Williams, S. E.
Johnson, 1 H. -Williams, .*E.*< . Harrison",
Emily; Harries, H.i; Fisher 'and M.
Jewit. - ( -.:. :,. . .".. ~~~S- ...'..
The programme of entertainment In
cluded' the folio*.. ing. numbers: Piano
solo, Miss N.Wilkes; vocal solo,.Mlss
Grace; instrumental duet, Messrs. Riffe
and Gerransf, vocal selections, MissM.
Williams ; recitation, Mrs. E. Harrison ;
vocal solo, Miss Swanson; instrumental
trio, yiollh, .cornet : and piano, > Miss
Gretchel, M . ter : Gretche! and Master
Hauser, and ballads by. Miss 'AngHs
and Mls? r .*StbcktHn. .Mrs. A. E.. Creba
was the chairman • of '. the evening ' and
Professor Gerrans presided at the
piano. -
Improved Red Men.
A few evenings ago aeventy-thre©
members of Court Golden Gate of the
Independent Order of Foresters paid a
surprise visit to Past High Marshal J.
P. Murphy at his home, 2103 "Bush
street. The aurprisers carried with
them hampers of good things for the
inner man, and there was also an or
chestra. The object of the visit waa
to congratulate Mr. and Mrs. Murphy
upon their return from the session, of
the High Court In San Diego and to
further congratulate Mr. Murphy on
his election as a delegate to the Su
preme Court, which is to meet in To
ronto. Canada, In August, 1905. There
were dancing, frames, songs and spe*ch
making. -M. Murphy, 84 years of
age, acted as toastmaster, and he was
"the youngest in the bunch." After a
collation there* was a dance and all had
a Jolly good time. Those who were in
the Murphy home that night were: Mr
and Mrs. J. P. Murphy, Miss B. Mur
phy, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Emmons, MI33
May Emmons, John Emmons, Mr. and
Mrs. G. W. Kuss, Miss Florence Kuss.
Mr. and Mrs. James Murphy, the
Misses Lorise and. Alice Murphy, Mr
and Mrs. a: Probst, Mr. and Mrs. m!
Kalmin, Mr. and* Mrs. J. Hayes, * the
Misses Nellie .and Flossie Hayes* Mr
and Mrs. J. Makowskl. Mr. and' Mrs!
E. Beard, Mr. and Mrs. R. Rosa Miss
Gladys Ross, Mr. and. Mrs. J. Delano
Miss Ethel Delaney,~Mr. and Mrs
Bowles Miss G. Hultman, Joseph Del
laney. Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Young the
Misses Rosine and Louise Youn^'wM
Ham Murphy. M. Murphy, O. Spofgeon
Mr. and Mrs. J. Smith. Mr. and Mrs'
A. Spenser, Miss A. Holbrook Mr ami
Mrs.. J.B.- Wilson; Mr. and Mrs *
Wheeler, Miss J./ rfayes, R Hav£
Miss B. Qumlan. ' Mrs B V
White. Miss Nellie White V q m «^'
the^Iiases G. and R. A. Bancroft A*
Anderson. • ' A '
Independent Foresters.
Order of St. George.
Native' Daughters.
The amount of money paid to benefi
ciaries of deceased naembers of the An
cient Order of United Workmen in the
jurisdiction of -California during Octo
ber was $52,000.
All the lodges of the State outside of
San Francisco celebrated the thlrty
'sixth anniversary, of the foundation of
the order by entertainments on Octo
.ber .26. Those* In* San Francisco cele*
brated | on October 31 by! a grand enter
tainment and ball in Native Sons* Hall,
on which occasion .W. H. ¦ Jordan, P. S.
•M. W.; was chairman and D. S. Hirsh
berg, D. G. M., ! vice chairman. Grand
: Master Dunton addressed the meeting, '
-in addition to the programme of music
and song. "
- s.Alt& Lodge, A. O. U. W., and Silver
Spray Lodge, D. of H,; recently gave
a Joint entertainment In Mangels'* Hall.
There' were many, to enjoy, the pro
gramme; and the dance: which' followed.
The grtfnd recorder reports receiving
encouraging reports from "all parts of
the' jurisdiction, and states that the
number of initiations r during October
exceeds that of any ' previous month
during. the current year.
On November, 16 Valley Lodge' No. 30
will have an open meeting for the mem
bers and their < lady relatives and
friends.- ¦
Spartan Lodge gave a grand enter
tainment in the" Social' Hall of the A.
O. F. . building "on the last 'Saturday In
October, on which occasion' the follow
ing programme - was" successfully . car
ried* out: Mandolin and ; guitar; selec
tion, Dr. E.' J.\ Broad, F. la Torris and
J. la.Torris; recitation, selected, Olivia
Kingsland; "Annie Laurie;*': Harmony ;
Quintet : Sopranos— Mrs/ A. ,T. Fletcher,
Mrs. ; John '; Madden; altos— Miss ; Mabel
f Gordon, Mrs. Robert Llojm ; plano^ Miss
Edith Adams; 'contralto- solo," "Home,
Dearie,' J Home," \ Mrs. Johh^Madden;
VShoogy Shoo," Harmony Quintet; so
prano ; solo, ;¦;, "Song; of the i Violet, " Mrs.
A. . T.'; Fletcher; f 'Love's \ Dream," Har
mony^Quintet. This was rollowedby a
dance. \ Dr. George Gunn was the 'floor
manager and A.^R Fletcner his assist
ants, ¦ .'_;' "\ - -. :', ;¦-¦;;- .' : ... . ' ' ; ;. : ; ." *""
.' .Carnation Lodge of -"the- of
Honor had a. very pleasant party in the
..Western Hall of - the ¦ \ Shiels building,
. wtierr there was presented an interest- ;
Ing i programme' ol
"after, which*; there was j dancing : for two ;
This ; lodge/is '] progressive and
anxious to make a good showing in the
matter, of social >'f unctions.'
District Deputy Laughlln, assisted by
L. ; E. Eldred., is getting up a' class for
adoption in*Tuolumne/there.being.fif
ty- two " : applications secured within a
week.
.Arrangements are being completed at
Santa Paula for the adoption of a class
of fifty strangers.
¦ State Deputy Da via has assigned A.
I. Adams to the Jurisdiction of Arizona,
A new camp of the Royal Neighbors
was instituted in Oakland last week.
Goodfellowship Camp' at. its last
meeting had an attendance of ninety
seven .members, who ;. witnessed the
adoption of several" candidates. This
was followed by an : informal smoker,
when story-telling,' "• cards, \ short ad
dresses and refreshments and smoking
material was in order: ; This camp now
has a membership of 191.
A new^carap of the order is being
organized at Healdsburg, another at
Caspar and there are several in process
of organization.
Goodfellowship Camp of the Modern
Woodmen of America, at Its meet
ing on. October* 4, adopted three
strangers with the aid of its degree
team in a creditaBle manner. This camp
has a committee that is arranging for
a surprise smoker, which Is to be given
shortly. This camp has received the
applications of twenty members of thfe
order who are members of camps In
other jurisdictions, but are now resi
dents of this city. -, •
. Occidental Camp, at Its last meeting,
adopted four strangers, "who. were
picked up in the forest, and admitted
five by transfer.
State Deputy J. O. Davla has sent out
135 letters to that number of neigh
bors of the order who are members of
camps In localities outside of San Fran
cisco, asking them to obtain transfer
card3 and place such In a local camp.
Occidental Camp Is reorganizing its
degree team.
The head camp having omitted call
ing an assessment for October has de*
elded to'do likewise for November, so
the record for the current year is four
assessments skipped, which means an
aggregate saving to the membership
of $3,200,000. .
Modern Woodmen.
Santa Rosa Assembly, which already
hag a large membership, is making ar
rangements to initiate a large number
of the citizens of that city and if It
does what it inn arranged for it will be
the banner council of the Jurisdiction.
Lincoln Assembly of Berkeley ini
tiated five strangers at Its last held
meeting.
Stockton Assembly at its meeting last
week initiated eleven candidates.'- .,- -
San Francisco Assembly received
eight applications at its last session
and it expects to initiate fifteen candi
dates at its next meeting.
„ Blaine Assembly No. 14 of San Fran
cisco Is having a large attendance at
each meeting and it boasts that it will
lead the older assemblies In a short
time.
Guerneville Assembly is working to
secure a prize offered in case it secures
and Initiates twenty-five candidates in
sixty days.
McKlnley Assembly will give Its first
public entertainment and dance In Its
hall on the night of November 23.
Washington Assembly No. 3 had a
surprise social and b'anquet in Scandia
Hall last week, and this was fallowed
by a banquet. There were many guests
present, who enjoyed the hospitality of
the assembly.
San Francisco Assembly No. 1 of the
Americans after the transaction of the
business of the last meeting, which in
cluded the initiation of several candi
dates, there was the organization of a
whist club for the purpose of a winter
tournament.
The Americans.
: At latest. accounts^ Past Presidents
Conrad - andGett- were ih:Philadelphia
ahdj Julia Tanner was In Chicago.
Keith, past gVand president, acting for
Grand President Ella E. Caminetti, who
was on a tour of visitations in the far
north and unable to reach the place of
interment in time, and several other
members of the order, who showed
their respect . for the dead. At Tracy
the mourning party was met by Miss
Fullen, a charter member of Ursula
Parlor, of which the deceased was a
member, and Mr. and Mrs. Louis At
kins, members of Mrs. Kane's family,
and they formed part of the party of
escort. At Stockton the members of
Joaquin Parlor, No. 5 'were at the depot
with" beautiful floral offerings and ac
companied the. remains to the next sta
tion. At lone the members of Chispa
Parlor met the mourning party and ac
companied, it and the remains through
»the city, of lone and two blocks beyond,
at which- point .they were received by
the membership of Ursula Parlor, the
mother chapter. Upon arrival at Jack
son on Saturday evening the remains
•were taken to the Methodist Episcopal
Church, where members of Ursula Par
lor acted as a _ guard of honor during
the night. The . church, which was
draped in white; with ferns and smilax
;to offset the: monotony of one color,
.stands, on; the -site of the late grand
'president's once home. The following
day there was the service of the order
at the uttered request of : Mrs. Kane
that when she died she wanted the ser
vice of the Native Daughters held over
her remains. The floral offerings were
many and most elaborate. The remains
were then taken from the church and
laid &V rest by the side of the father
. and mother of the deceased in the fam
ily plat in the cemetery of lone.
The entertainment that was given
by Las Lomas Parlor, N. D. G. W., on
the last Fridayin October in aid of Its
fund for the sick. In Mission Hall, was
a decided success and was attended
by almost as many persons as could
conveniently get into" the hall. The
programme was a most pleasing and
entertaining one and the following
who contributed to the pleasure of the
evening were heartily applauded: Mrs.
Ida Varney, Miss Margaret McGovern,
Miss Mattie Farris, Miss Mayme Har
ryhauser. Mrs. C. W. Kiernan. Miss
May Layton, Mrs. "Siddie P. Daggett,
Miss Therese Melbourne, Mrs. Emma
Schofleld, Miss Kittle Whelan, the
Occidental ? Quartet, Little Anna Dris
coll and Frankie Dakin of Fremont
Parlor and her. '; pickaninnies. When
all did well. Miss Dakin and her lit
tle darkles, In. a plantation scene, won
the heartiest applause and was forced
to give encore after encore. Miss
Dakin was the recipient of many flow
ers. * After the performance, there was
a ball under . the direction of Grand
Trustee Anna : F. Lacy as floor ." di-,
rector, assisted by . Lillian . Kern. .
Sans Souci Parlor gave an, enter
tainment and ball in Golden Gate Hall
last week. There was a- programme
of entertainment by, professional-tal
ent, i then dancing until midnight.
- The celebration .of , flag [ day/ In Ra
mona Parlor, on .the night . of the offi
cial visit'.was' a- very "deliehtfur affair'
and the 'prbgrammeiincluded - % ,the foK
lowing ; • numbers :' '< Vocal^ solo, v "Our
Flag.'r.Clea^ ; L.v -Upharn; • trio, "Co
lumbia's Banner , on the Sea," -Annie
Scott,' Fannie Carpenter/and> Florence
Carpenter; - ¦ vocal solo, : , "My Own
Uni ted :¦ States,'.' }: Sadie : E. ~ Davenport ;
reading,^"Betsy Ross," ; Jennie ¦ I.", Hale.
This lastwas a fine' literary, production
and a;; glowing \ tribute; to .-the ; woman -
who H made w the ,V" first V . ."Star's /; and
Stripes.''/ * Among - the . grand 'officers
who were/ present .were; Grand ' Presi- :
dent ; Mrs.' v. Caminetti, :•.; Past Grand
President Dr. • M. ; ; Bertola,' Grand
Trustee Aga D.^Lander and Grand Sec* '
retaryj Laura J." Frakes.
Buena; Vista Parlor; had 'a very In
teresting? and : patrlotlcf'progra'mme on
the ; occasion! of the • observance', of ; flag
day. .The ; programme was < followed ¦
byj the" serving: /; ,_of . .a "luncheon,'; Ihen
there vwas ¦ whist, ' at which
Minnie i Daly won ' the first -prize.
. Mary -Crawford, recording secretary
.Winona : Parlor. ,'Arcata; accompa
nied' by', her: father,- is ; on her, "way.
home; after spending several 'weeks in '
theEast.
Manzanita Council, the banner, coun
cil of the jurisdiction, will - be . officially
visited this month by Great Pocahon
tas Mrs. Annie M. /Bliijs and other
great chiefs. On that night there will
be work in the adoption degree and the
team will, on that occasion,, endeavor
to outdo anything in the past 'in the
line of adoption. '
Wyandotte Tribe, recently, instituted;
had its first open. meeting and social'
in Its wigwam, Encampment Hall, 'Odd
Fellows' building, last .week iandi it
proved to be a delightful affair. There
was a large attendance, a good pro-,
gramme of entertaiifment and a good
time for all.
On the night of November 16,.Altah
mcrs Tribe will have a members' "good
time" night in the Golden Gate avenue
wigwam, when there will be corn and
venison in plenty for every member of
No. 87. The members of this tribe are
all working hard to have a large class
initiation on the night of November 30.
The committee in charge of this mat
ter is composed of, Frank Hardy,
George w. Baltic, A. C. Nathan, Dr. H.
L. Lacoste and J. Harry. Hutaff.
The new council of the Degree of
Pocahontas, organized by G. H. Stein,
will be instituted shortly after the re
turn to this city of Nettie Wilson, who
was chosen to be the first Pocahontas,
but who .was taken suddenly '^11 and
had to go to the country for the benefit
of her health. :
Arapahoe Tribe, -Improved Order of
Red Men, announces that it will, give
Its "annual war dance" in the assem-'
bly hall of the Red- Men's building on
the night of the .23d -of November.
There _ will be specialties between
dances. . '- * .-" - .'¦"¦¦:.•'" ¦.'.'¦• v : ".¦;:¦•':
attended by a very large number of
ladies and gentlemen, who were en
tertained with, a very pleasing pro
gramme of numbers after William
Schwartz, the chairman of the evening,
had made an address of welcome. The
numbers included a piano overture by
Professor Brown;, song, Miss •"- Q.
Fletcher; instrumental duet, Marjillias
brothers; vocal selections, E. .Marjil
lias: cornet solo, :E. Brown; » vocal se
lections. Arthur Fletcher: piano\solo,
Irene Cantor. After the programme
the hospitality of the. tribe made itself
manifest, and then ¦ there • was a social
hour. The function was jj managed) by
the committee of arrangements to a
most pleasant -termination.- - The <- com
mittee ; was composed . of William
Schwartz, Dr. M. Newman, C. L. Legg,
A. T. Joel I and G. Gsemmter.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge at its last held
meeting initiated three candidates and
at the close of business had a very, en
joyable Halloween party, including
games of the season, music and songs.
"Templar Rebekah * Lodge had a very
pleasing "party "in the; Odd Fellows'
building on the" last Saturday in Oct
ober, .under the. direction of the com
mittee ; on social-" events, ' composed "of
Mesdames Lottie^; Carson, Leddy, But
ton;. Holmes' and } Dennett and Messrs.
Button, and | Monroe.. The .attendance
was large and 'all-had a very pleasant
evening of j enjoyment."; The even
ing "closed' wj^h^lancing and. the'iritro
duction of : games j In^ keeping, with , the
season.'',/ '; .^' ¦&{•;;''&' '¦_"•' "¦>v':/. : 'v /•¦/.• " ¦
' The members' of - Walhalla Rebekah
Lodge' have v ",them3elyes' 1 Into
the' Walhalla^SocIai;'Club.*" which has
arranged, for a snowball party In Union
Square Hall on the" night of Novem
ber 10. ¦ '-: - -VT-'
discovered a new • entertainer^ in the
person of Dr. George-T. Compton, who
is "a natural born" prestidigitator. His
initial appearance- in that line before
the Odd Fellows was in Fidelity Lodge
a. short time since,' on the occasion of
the jollification meeting, and his en
tertainment was of such an astonish
ingly clever character that, he electri
fied his audience.arid he'Tfras voted one
of the best entertainers .that has ap
peared in a lodgeroom Iri; many months.
j Mission Rebekah Lodge will give a
"tramp . minstrel show" . .in \ Excelsior
Hall on Saturday 'evening,' November
12. This" ; Is to. be something hovel 'in
the line of. fraternal entertainment.
PERSONS THAT ARE BECOMING PROMINENT IN XOCAL FRATERNAL CIRCLES.
Last week Pioneer Lodge celebrated
its removal from the A. O. F. build-
Ing to the Red Men's building by a
house warming after the close of the
business session. During the session
there was read a letter from the su
preme president, who thanked the
lodge for the active work it has done
for some time past. In this she art
nounced that if the lodge will secure
a certain number of candidates and
initiate them within a stated time the
Supreme Lodge jwill give Pioneer a
handsome bonus. The lodge decided
to do what it can to secure the bonus.
Before the close of the session the
lodge initiated four, strangers and re
ceived two applications. After the
close of the lodge there -was an ad
journment to the dining-hall, where
a supper was served, . after which
there was a return to the lodgeroom
and there was dancing for two hours.
Last week the supreme president
paid an official visit to Laurel Lodge
in Alameda and the visit was a pleas
ing one. % Upon every occasion when
the supreme president paid an of
ficial visit she was showered with
beautiful flowers. ~*
Olive Branch. At each place the *«u
preme officer and those who accom
panied her were received" with a gen
uine fraternal welcome and they were
shown how well ea<*h set of officers
could do the work of initiation. To
the credit of each there was not one
that was deficient in the memorized
and ritualistic work. The reports of
the several lodges as to membership
were most satisfactory and showed an
unusual increase In membership, as
well as in finances. It also appears
that the supreme body is not only In
a healthy numerical condition, but
that its treasury has more -than $1000
to the good.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Mary
Thoman paid an official visit last week
to New Century Circle, being accom
panied there by many of the grand
officers, Supreme Sub-Chief Companion
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, Deputy Supreme
Chief Companion John J. Cordy and
many members of other circles. There
was the initiation of two strangers
and. then comments on. the -work and
remarks by the head of the order, by
Mrs. Atwood, Mrs. Tucker, G. S. C. C;
Mrs. Kemp van Ee, G. O.; Essie
Kragen, G. T.; Mrs. M. Cartwright,
grand trustee; Jacob Label, editor of
the Foresters* Review; E. C. Stockof
Robin • Hood Circle. Sarah' Beversen,
D. G. C. C, and Past Chiefs Elizabeth
H. Drendell and Margaret Lemme.
During the evening Mrs. Thoman was
presented a costly cold meat silver
fork, Mrs. Kemp van Ee, deputy for
the circle,- a crystal fruit dish, and
Mrs. Atwood, S. S. C. C, a large bunch
of flowers. A collation followed the
close of the meeting.
James G. Blaine Circle will have an
evening at home and dance in the
social hall of the Alcazar December 14.
Bay City Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America will have a
Christmas party in the social hall of
the Alcazar December 13.
Century Circle, C. of the "". of A.,
in the social hall of the Alcazar build-
Ing on the fourth Saturday in October
was well attended and was a very
pleasing fraternal gathering..
The anniversary dinner given , by
Court Sunflower was enjoyed by . a
goodly number of the members and
several, invited guests. Among those
who figured as after-dinner speakers
were Judge F. H. Kerrigan, a member
of the order, and Julius Kahn.
Court- Barbarossa, Foresters of
America, gave its twelfth annual ball
in San Francisco Turn Verein Hall, on
Turk street, last week. It was well
attended and was another of those de
lightful social events which . have
gained an enviable reputation for this
very enterprising court. The affair was
admirably conducted under the direc
tion of the committee of arrangements,
composed of Henry Haab, William M.
Lewis, Ed Nordhof, John Krumholz,
F. Zucker, C. Scharenberg, Au
gust Scharenberg, H. Braunagle and
Michel Sancito.
San Francisco Tent No. 13, Knights
of the Maccabees, had a smoker at a
recent meeting in the Pioneer build
ing, when, under the direction of ' a
committee, consisting of Past Com
mander O. V. Leroi, S. W. Craig. J. H.
Sampson and Harry Knox, a very in
tejrestlng programme of entertainment
was presented. The object of this was
to bring together the old-time mem
bers in order to have them become
acquainted with the recently "initiated
members. It was one of the best af
fairs of the kind ever given by the tent.
Mission Hive of the Ladles of the
Maccabees will give, a ball in Mission
Opera Hall on thejiight of November
10. A good programme of dances and
excellent music, with attentive com
mittee, will make the affair a pleasant
one. This hive has set aside the fourth
Monday ,of every month as a special
entertainment night.
The Maccabees.
i The grand dictator visited the lodge
In Sacramento last week and addressed
it at some length for the good of the
order.
Grand Dictator Archibald, who re
cently returned from a visit to the
lodges In the southern part of- the
State, reports that the lodges are all
doing: well there, particularly the one
in Los Angeles. It is arranging for an
open meeting . in the hope of securing
a number of candidates.
H. H. Barnea, who was appointed
special organizer for this. State, was
taken suddenly ill while, in Bakers
field and he was forced to return .to
his former home in St. Louis, where he
is now. BBS
of completing arrangements for the
grand entertainment that is< to - b9
given on .the 17th of that month in
Golden Gate. Hall 'under the auspices
of the Ladies* Auxiliary.
Ogihif, Miss Mae O'Keefe and "Will
Wallace took part. After the pro
gramme there was dancing for two
hours. L. L. Baker was the floor man
ager and G. W. Stewart and F. A.
Klein his assistants. The affair was
admirably carried out under the direc
tion of the committee of arrange
ments, consisting of William A. Lynch,
J. G. Gains. G. W. Stewart, M. Cutler.
H. B. Simons, W. A. Bosde. F. A.
Klein. J. J. Ryan. T. G. Klein, E. W.
Haugby and L.- L. Baker.
At a recent meeting of Osceola Cir
cle of the Companions of the Forest of
America the drill team of New Century
Circle, at the request of Sarah Bever
sen, deputy for Osceola, exemplified the
ritualistic work in an impressive man
ner in the presence of a large number
of the members of the order. Under
good for the order there were interest
ing addresses by Deputy Mrs- Bever
sen. J. Label, editor of the American
Forester Review, Grand Trustee Mrs.
M. Cart wrlght, Mrs. M. Lemme, Eliz
abeth H. Drendel and Mrs. C. C. Laus
ten. The serving of refreshments fol
lowed the speech making.
The smoker recently given. by Court
Magnolia was one of the old-time free
and happy affairs and provided pleas
ure for the many who crowded the
meeting place of the court. Those who
contributed to the joy of the evening
were: The Graber Mandolin and* Guitar
Club, B. Barnes, J. Cohen, J. Regan,
I Scharff (D. C. 11.) , Judge Frank H-
Kerrigan, Julius Kahn, James L. Gal
lagher and others.
• For some time there has been talk
in Forester circles of organizing a mil
itary branch of the order. The initia
tive was taken by Junior Court Pride
of the Golden West of this city, which
has organized a drill corps officered
by a captain ranger, senior and junior
archer. The drill will be by threes,
under the instructions of Captain
Ranger Elliot M. Epsteen, and it is
expected that in a very short time the
members of the court will be able to
give a display drilL There are but four
junior courts in the order in the Union
and three of these are located in San
Francisco. The membership is limited
to minors between the ages of twelve
and twenty-one years. It Is expected
that Junior Court Pride of California
will organize a similar drill corps, in
which event there will be a friendly
but strong rivalry for prominence.
Court Palo Alto gave one of its old
time socials in Golden Gate Hall last
week, when an excellent programme
was presented for the entertainment of
the many who attended. Every num
ber was of a high standard and en
joyable.
The entertainment and dance given
last .week by Martha Washington Cir
cle in Golden Gate Hall was a brilliant
affair and it marked another social suc
cess for that very energetic circle.
Pretty decorations, excellent music and
a pleasing programme of choice num
bers added^ to 'be, refutation of the
circle for social functions. The pro
gramme Included the following num
bers: Duet. Misses Rose Levy and
Josie Horn; black face sketch, J.
Davis; violin solo, S. Augenblick; reci
tation. Miss Grade Rotholz; vocal se
lection, Miss Irene Worms; recitation,
Lee A. Craw; child artist, Gladys Hol
bert. The programme was followed by
dancing and was carried to a happy
terminatiqn under the direction of the
following: Executive committee —
Charles. L. Licht (chairman), Mrs. H.
Davis (secretary and treasurer), Miss
H. Moses, Miss R. Adams, E. Barry, J.
Licht, L. Herman, M. J. Glass, E. S.
It&acs. Floor committee — E. S. Isaacs
(director), Aaron Lewis (assistant di
rector), Miss Rose Goodman, Miss
Maud Adams, Miss Lena Katz, Miss
McLean, Miss Rose Strom, Miss Essie
Kragen, Miss Adeline Siess, Miss Min
r.lc-Lasky. Reception committee — Mrs.
Gottlieb (chairman). Mrs. Voger Mrs.
Ubhaus, Mrs. Kemp Van Ee, Miss
Mabel Burchell. Miss Bertha Pincus,
Miss Rose Henry, Miss Pauline Lewis,
Miss Sprlnza Katz,
The following official visits have
been arranged for a "number of the vis
iting committee of the Foresters of
America:
Dr. Charles M. Troppmann, grand
recording secretary, announces official
visits and will charm the, members of
the order with his eloquence as fol
lows: November 9, Court Bay City;
November 10, Court Yerba Buena; 14,
Court Teutonia, Sacnunento; 15,
Court Harmonie, "Oakland: 18, Court
Barbarossa; 23, Courts Winters, at
Winters; December 2, Court Schiller,
Stockton; 5,« Court Mokelumne, at
Lodi. and 13, Court Colma at Colma.
Grand Senior .Wood ward H. L. Simon
visited Court Palo Alto "officially on
October 27. He will visit Court Gen
eral - Lawton November 9 and Court
Washington on the 17th.
Grand F.' — *.ary John J. Cordy visit-'
td Court Donner at "-uckee on Octo
ber 21, Court James G. Blaine, Octo
ber 28 and Court Live Oak on No
vember *>|9HHQBSS9 BEQBpKtf
The social that was given by New
Then followed the presentation by E.
C Stock of Court Sutro Heights, on
behalf of Court Zenith, of an emblem
atic gold fob charm to Past Presidents
Ll* I- Baker and W. A. Bode for their
earnest endeavors in behalf of the court
during the time each filled the office
of chief ranger. This was followed by
the presentation of a one-act comedy,
"What Tears CanDo," In which Harry
de Lassaux, Miss Mae Sullivan, Will
The entertainment given on the third
Saturday in October by Court
Zenith of the Foresters of
America in celebration of the
seventeenth anniversary of its institu
tion was enjoyed by more than 30'J
persons in Golden Gate Hall, which was
prettily decorated in the colors of the
order and American flags. William A.
Lynch, chairman, briefly told of the
purpose of the assembly and of the
progress of the court during: the years
of its existence and then called upon
those who had been selected to enter
tain to carry out their part of the pro
gramme, which was as follows: So
prano goJo, Miss I?ose Broderick; mono
logue. Miss Mae O'Keefe, tenor solo;
Will Ogllvie; contralto solo, Miss
Maude Crabtree; monologue, John Hol
land; duet, Misses Birdie and Cecilia
Treanor. •
JHE::SAN^FRANeiSeOBGAEE ; £:SUNDAY;§NOVEMBER 6;;190^
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18LANDSCAPE BY CADEXASSO, WHOSE WORK/ IS ; NOW ON EXHIBITION IN THIS . CITY.
that now given by our fair compa
triot. There are forty-two water col
ors and — what would you call those
done with Rembrandt sticks? They
carry the delicacy of water colors and
the depth and richness of oils, but are
neither. ... Perhaps they are both;. ..but
what would one call them? Tve cast
out many a line for a name, but hook
ed none.
• Her '"Lantern Lights" is a thing of
beauty, both -In color and treatment,
with these elusive • Rembrandt sticks
the medium. Two fat Japanese cherubs
stand revealed in the sifted glow of
red * and yellow, lanterns-^-so rich a^nd
warm and tangible! One, of the
most- admired •""of ..the 'Japanese
glimpses is " "Rainy Day House
keeping," where ¦ a bunch of rosy
little babes scramble and climb over
a cart stalled in a cherr>' garden, with
what on the plains is called a "lean to"
hard , by for shelter when the clouds
should loot»e' their tears again. 'Twixt
showers v there shines a , pink i glow
through ; the ? summer- clouds, like : ""the
pink that lies deep In an opal.' And the
pink blossoms : take on the tinting of
the, hour, while the ': green of- the
shrubs end trees is crisp as fresh let
tuce. That picture was the favorite
on : the , day^ of riiy visit. , but there are
others, notably- the pictures portray
ing ¦ the mother ': love of Mme. Butter
l'y, that are niost appealing.
i The drawing, as a' matter of course, is
clever,* but ' the ' coloring, the sentiment
arid the serenity^ of them all," with "The
Window Seat": my humble 'choice, make
the : Helen Hyde exhibit . a thing of Joy.
And 'when , you ¦ visit 7 it don't overlook
the Each picture is held 'in
the close ; embrace of .a work of art in
teakwood or In' cryptomerla, with ¦ spe^
cial '.design for. each, drawn by the
clever- artist ¦/ herself." And ;¦ no; line ',is
there • but . tells fa ! story. And,' by ; the
way, 'tis not uninteresting to those who
£j"^J~"[ N all civilized communities; art
f|| follows upon the heels of;com
j'mercialism, and, In proportion
JJ<A-4to its appreciation of art is the
\ civilization ~ of a \ community
measured.. Then let the gods
be, thanked '"that San" Francisco ' is
awakening to the appreciation of art—
likewise : that* art. is : native to -the /air
arid soil and. thatf. the children of Cali
fornia are its handmaidens. - 'If /you
don't believe that art is ; absorbing a
lot of local* thought— and it's- a 'hard,
.wrench for cynics .to believe, a, good
thing of their, home town— just walk up
.Post street one of these autumnal days
arid' behold the ' feast of color and form
and story spread out in Vickery's; Clax- '
ton's, . Elder's, Kennedy's .' or '' over " at •
Schussler's. There ; ls^ ; given to : the
passing .throng: a hint of the ; painted
poems within.'. ••
Of all v . times, ; no time for exhibits' ft
more opportune ; than, now, for ; Christ
rriastlde; is ""nigh, '; and V as ' for weddings,
they^re. as "-.thick/ as \ cherry/ blossoms \ In
spring. ' Therefore to the -gift /seeker, •
let .it;, be- suggested- that hd v wander
into the studios, .where on Saturday
afternoon ' one " is always " welcomed " in "
good Bohemian \ style,*, or intoXthe 1 gal-~'
; leries s . where : the * artists ."place'.' -their
pictures.,; ;,'..: /-¦¦"¦_ , ?.: ; /;, ;
: /'But' pictures cost more than I- can'
says' j a gift /purchaser. ; .¦- Now'.
\ herein' lies; the/ wrong : impression, that
\ pictures ;kre*ail high-priced commodities ;
r to bejpurchased.'bnly.by; the, rich. '.Thefe;
are in all > the leading /studios arid '^gal-,
'leries / hlgh'/^class / bits /frbrii I local
i brushes ,. tb'';be ; at * a* fair,}' figure,^
'; arid^ pictures ; that icitrry^withVthein ¦> the
. riew'l note 'of , Western '-.virility.'// / : • .- '-'
? _¦ Now.Ta /gift Tof (one\ot (these^inspires;
- the 1 , artist's'hand Uojhigher^effqrt, v ; pro-.
moted J largely,/, through * a^tranquillity
wrought by a full cupboard and a liqui
dated rent; educates the recipient and
her friends, and promotes a reverence
for^and" a knowledge of art.
.Giuseppi Cadenasso has been plying
his brush with avidity, and many beau
tiful '^stories of nature in her rarest
moods. have been wrought out for such
as I love ; them. The mystic lights' of
early .' morn, mist-draped, enter largely
into : his theme. • Then, too, his rainy
days show the gray atmosphere'breath
ing: of: wet grass and hay new mown.
And -where, In 'all God's universe, is
sweeter odor?* The rose? Yes, unde
niabiy". sweet, but of a 'sweetness . that
abundance I brings satiety. Not so the
refreshing sweetness of the '¦. morning,
with- its wet grass, the dew still swlng
iriglon^the blades ere the sun lures it
aVaj". .'itis this exquisite quality that
Cadenasso ¦» gets, and that, like Thad
deus;Welch; distinguishes , much of his
supremest efforts. There is. a tangible
odor.* to i Ithese ,, pastoral pictures— that of
the ; freshness : and gladness and 'tran
quillity^ fouiid in the fields, the qualities
so fmuchV needed by the " hemmed-in
dwellers- of ;the city. At -Paul Elder's,,
on '¦ Post^ street, ¦ yesterday ; a ¦ delightful
reception " 'was held in I the rooms : so
redolent" of^the beautiful, where sweet
"music attunes the soul to ¦ a full appre
ciation! of 5Uie messages k from ; ; nature
that], Cadenasso fain •¦.would, tell. And
seek Jout, {good j friend, "Eucalyptus -In
the^- Morning's . Lights" ere you go : to
pray-Vt will ' make you . reverent.
V, Equal> Jin:, importance to the Cade
nasso /exhibit .is the\ Helen Hyde
demonstration next door, , at . Vickery's,
which'will open in I Chicago on' Novem
ber IS. ".And, therefore, there are no
days 'ito Vwaste in : planning. Go and
"you'll fnotj. taste ' the regret. For per
¦ haps '£; never':, before , in'- San Francisco
haj? there ' been , fo> wide and so > exqul
siteja- presentation of Japanese life as
love Miss Hyde to know that she
"lifted" a medal, first prize, at the re
cent exhibition of art in Tokio.
The followinc pictures constitute
Miss Hyde's collection:
1. "Horl Kiri Iris. Garden"; 2,
"Daughter of the House";" 3, "Cherry
Trees, Edagawa"; 4, "Cherry Trees
(raln)/Tokio"; 5. "Teasing the Dar
uma"; 6,: "Confidence"; 7. "Last Jap
anese Victory"; 8. "Red Umbrella";
9, "Children's Festival"; 10. "Re
signed"; 11, "On the Stairs"; 12, "Lan
tern Light"; 13, "Pictures in Flame";
14, "Yellow Umbrellas"; 15, "August";
16. "Sewing"; 17, "Tweedle-Dum and
Tweedle-Dee"; IS. "Summer Morning";
19, "Garden Bubbles"; 20. "Uncon
scious"; 21, "Soap Bubbles"; 22,
''Window Seat"; 23, "Gossips";
24, "Banzai Lantern"; 23, "She
Went to the Cupboard"; 26,
"Washing Day"; 27, "Wistaria Ar
bor"; 23, "Five O'Clock in the Morn
ing"; 29, "Cherry Blossoms"; 91, "New
Year Decorations"; 92, "Bit of My
Tokio Garden"; 93, "Rainy Day.
Housekeeping"; 94. "The Kettle's Lul
laby"; 95, "A July Morning"; 06, "The
Priest's Chair"; 97, "Expectant"; 98.
"Asleep at Last,"; 99, "Miss Pear Tree
Comes to Call"; 100, "Playing Blocks";
101. "Asters"; 102. "Peach Blossom":
103, "Waiting a Bit."
Miss Nelle Church Beale and Miss
Isabel! C. Percy are doing some mighty
clever work at their new studio at 31S
Pine street. Like the rest of the artist
folk, ; they are "at "home", on Saturday.
. Maynard Dixon has gone housekeep
ing with Martinez. Their, studio at 723
Montgomery street Is, full of interest—
and things worth seeing and knowing.
They expect to start [ for Mexico next
month.
Francis McComas . has ; gone to Santa
Barbara, whence he may.be depended
upon • to bring back . some * ftnrtnna^J
studies. /
•BY LAURA 1 BRIDE POWERS
RARE ART SEEN IN HELEN' HYDE EXHIBIT
"Cache Mirere" Is" the Latest to Tide
Over Until the Winter Cos
tume Is Bousht. .
PARIS, Nov. 5.— The latest freak in
Paris fashion is the "cache mirere," for
the autumn between-season weather.
These charming wraps, to supplement
thin dresses and hide makeshifts before
the. winter costume is bought, are made
in luxurious materials,- falling' in folds
like classical drapery. They are most
suitable for drawing-room use. The
sleeves generally are mere holes for the
hands to peep through. ¦'. •^u<,V-i
Shirt waists continue to be worn with
fur garments quite as much as with
The Milky Way.
The Milky Way is, I believe, a mon
ster coal chute of stars, all pouring
into the heart of the sun to keep up
its energy. That theory is as good aa
any other. The whole thing is guess
work. When a man seriously con
templates the wonders of the solar
system his mind approaches vacuity.
His head feels light. Thought be
comes dizzy. Drunk on astronomy!
We are told by those who have got
nearest to the order of creation that
the sun is 100,000,000 years old. The
statement is perfectly safe — like John
Watch-Me Gates' stereotyped bluff —
"Bet you a million." — New York
Press.
B. Thayer and company in "Sweet
Clover." ' ,
• • • - - ...
"Prince Karl," to' 1 be . put on : this
week at the Alcazar, . will be 'the new
company's first adventure Into the ro
mantic drama and should prove highly
Interesting. . , v '
>• • ¦ •
At the Grand 'Opera-house "Pretty
Peggy" continues to find ¦ excellent
houses. It is one of - the best . things
seen recently -at the Mission street
house and should not be missed.
¦ • , ¦ • .. ¦,«"•, v^
"Her Marriage. Vow," the. new melo
drama at the Central, to open to-mor
row night, seems .to hold all the vari
ous brands of sensation that flourish
up there. . . ;, •;,
John T. Kelley, ; last seen * herewith
Weber & Fields, will make, his .'.bow in
vaudeville this afternoon at .the/.Or
pheum; The funny man. will appear in
a. farcelet, entitled "Senator^ McPhee."
, '\ • -'¦•'./ • • •
Fischer's Theater 'will reopenito
morrow 'evening as' a ,• "high class
vaudeville house." The Kin-Ners,
equilibrists,' will be the star perform
ers and , the . limit prices are ten and
twenty cents.
"The Messenger Boy".; is beginning, to
30 at the, Tlvoll, though it does" not ,yet
come up to vits 'author's first - v success
here— ""The Toreador."
The Fetching Brothers, with their
. charming .sketch, "A Musical Flower
Garden,". will emigrate from the Or
pheum-to the Chutes this week.
r^.j'i^ « * *
- Mr. ' J. Gilmour's Hamlet at the
'Majestic this week suggests that one
will be'.kept busy chronicling things up
there. / An eminently thoughtful, schol
arly-and-poetic conception I found it,
• as ; 1 afterward found Mr. GHmour him
¦4 self eminently^ that kind of - person.
The .matter of his' chat I regret
must; remain until I have more space
.forJtUhanto-day. Suffice to say that
it. ranked^with the mqst considered,
sympathetic, acute and lucid Shakes
pearean discussion that I remember to
¦ have heard. '; Mr. Gilmour on the actor's
"art. is, ho less interesting, as I, hope to
"The County Chairman," to be given
at the Columbia Theater to-morrow
night, is the flrs,t of the George Ade
efforts to be seen here. The produc
tion Is in the nature of an event. The
rire of George Ade Is one of the most
interesting phenomena of late dram-
The truly rural will hold down the
California boards to-night, with Otis
The Majestic offers this week the
favorite play, "An American Citizen."
Howard Gould, In the leading role, will
no doubt repeat his success in the other
Nat Goodwin part in "When We Were
Twenty-one." J. H. Gilmour will also
be in the cast.
PARIS HAS NEW WRAP
' FOR BETWEEN SEASONS
\V. A. SABIN. THE CALIFORNIA ORGANIST, WHO PLAYED AT.THE ST. LOUIS FAIR.
show. But if. you have not yet «een
the Gilmour Hamlet, do not miss it. The
actor's reading -of the soliloquy alone
is worth the going.- It is a poet's read
ing of one of the finest poems In the
language. The conception is further
powerfully dramatic and the treatment
a nne-blendirig of the best modern with
the best of the traditional methods.
tailor-made Jackets. They are slightly
pouched in front and close-fleeting in
the back. The sleeves are full in the
upper arm and tight-fitting In the fore
arm. Hungarian sleeves also are much
favored.
Muffs are very large and of a long,
cylindrical shape, made principally of
sable, ermine and chinchilla. One seen
this week at Max's was fitted with a
set of small toilet articles in a recep
tacle at the back opening by means of a
flap.
The following letter from Wallace A.
Sabin will give a much more pictur
esque account than I possibly could of
an event of exceptional interest to us
that took place at the World's Fair last
week. Mr. Sabin. as every one knows,
is organist of St. Luke's Church, and,
as some do not know, was the Califor
nia representative of organ-playing at
the World's Fair. Mr. Sabin writes me:
"I thought you might like to know
something of my doings at the fair, so
here are & few details. My recitals took
place last Monday and Tuesday, Octo
ber 24 and 25, the management cour
teously giving me the 'hour of honor"
for them, 11:30 a. m.— that is at which
time the Guilmant concerts have been
given. It was most gratifying to me
that, though the hall was* colder than
charity and so very many other attrac
tions were going on outside, the large
audience remained almost in toto to the
bitter end. It was actually so. bitter
that my fingers almost froze to the
keys! Another thing that pleased me
much was the. fact that not only the
lighter things gave pleasure, but at the
end of the prelude and fugue in D
minor (Bach), when one naturally ex
pected Just polite acknowledgment, they
recalled me so often I thought I should
have to repeat it.
"The organ was completed only a few
days before I arrived at the fair. You
know it is California-made, of course,
which reminds me of my amazement
that so little comment has been made
on the fact. The instrument is certain
ly immense in all senses of the word —
beautiful in tone, balance and action;
in fact, in all its features, and is in
spite of its inevitable complexity (there
are 140. stops) not difficult to manage.
"I had much less time than I could
have wished to get familiar with it. We
poor victims who had to play were
obliged to get in our practice when we
could. One man would have It from 9
p. m. to 12 p. m.; the next from 12
p. m. on; In fact, the organ is going
twenty-four hours in the day. Then
when one did get one's turn there were
all ports of annoyances, amusing
enough In the recounting. People would
form a ring around you, with requests
for favorite hymns and for anything
•with a tune. Then they would ask hosts
of questions and swamp you in ejacu
lations, until finally driven off by the
ever watchful Scott-Brook.
"On Sunday, when I really thought I
should have peace, !o! they put up
eighteen stoves in the hall, silently, of
course. However, in the evening I got
another "go" at the organ, and In the
morning felt reasonably sure of. my
work. This destroyed any fear of nerv
ousness, and I am glad to feel that I
really did myself full Justice — in fact.
I never remember playing so well. And
the next day was better, if anything.
The programme was more popular and
took better. I was especially pleased
as being the only California organist to
be heard at the exposition I naturally
¦wanted to be a credit both to my State
and myself."
I am sure Mr. Sabin will pardon this
printing of his St. Louis adventures. I
found it so interesting that I wished to
share it. I have since seen the organist,
who is full of the splendors of the
California organ. Recitals have been
riven twice a day at Festival Hall,
where the organ stands, and by many
of the most famous organists of the
time. Alexander Guilmant, the well
known French organist, contributed no
fewer than forty recitals. Middelschulte,
one of the biggest figures among Amer
ican organists, and Edwin Lemare, per
haps the most eminent of English
speaking organists, were also among
the players. The programmes have
been remarkably good. In only a few
instances— and these Mr. Sabin says
bear alarmingly celebrated names — has
there been any playing to the gallery.
The audiences, again, have been grati-
fylngly large and appreciative. It may
interest to know that 10 cents at first
and afterward 25 cents wastcharged
for admission. v ' *
And, as our Calif ornian representa
tive says:
'There are now a great many more
people that know that an organ does
not consist wholly of a front row of
pipes; that something besides the 'Old
Hundred' has been written and can be
played on it. and that an organ has
been built In California of which any
builder might be proud."
Here follow the Sabin programmes,
on the first of which will be noted two
compositions by Calif ornians. Mr. Sa
bin himself and W. H. Thorley. and
two arrangements by"Californians. the
Grieg "Cowkeeper's Tune," adapted by
Dr. H. J. Stewart, and the Wagner
"Rienzl" march, arranged by Edgar
Stewart-Kelley.
Recital given October 24— Introduction
and Allegro (Bache); Toccata and
Fugue in D minor (Bach); Barcarole,
fourth concerto. (Sterndale). Bennett:
Bourree in D (W. A. Sabin); Canzona
(W. H. Thorley); Toccata, fifth sym
phony (Widor); "Chimes of Dun
kerque" (Carter), Turpin; "Ase's
Death,". Cowkeeper's Tune, arranged by
H. J. Stewart (Grieg); march, "Rienzl"
(Wagner), Kelley.
Recital October 25— March in E fiat
(Schumann), arranged by W. A. Sabin;
Prelude and Fugue in D major (Bach) ;
Fantasia in E fiat (Saint-Saens);
Adagietto Minuetto (Bizet). from
"l'Arlesienne Suite," arranged by W. A.
Sabin; "Funeral March and Song of
Seraphs" (Guilmant) ; "Jerusalem, the
Golden," hymn time with variations
(Spark); Andante in G (Batiste): se
lection, "Merry England" (Edward
German).
Just what, besides a "front row of
pipes," the Los Angeles organ consists
of,' the official programme of the con
certs announces as follows: "The grand
organ in Festival Hall is the largest
and most wonderful organ in the world.
It was built by the Los Angeles Art
Organ Company of Los Angeles, Cali
fornia, It is 63 feet long, 30 feet deep,
50 feet high. It has 140 speaking stops,
99 mechanical movements, 10,059 ' pipes,
ranging from % inch to 37»,2 feet in
length. The largest pipe weighs 840
pounds and is 17 inches in diameter.
The largest wooden pipe measures 23%x
28 inches inside and weighs 1735 pounds.
It has a set of tubular chimes. The
combination switchboard has 1616 elec
tric switches, capable of producing 17,
179,868,183 distinct tonal combinations.
The organ contains 130 miles of electric
wire. 1SG0 magnets, four motors aprgre
sratinp: 23^ horsepower, fills 12 large
furniture vans and weighs 250,000
pounds."
It does not here state that there are
five manuals — choir, great, swell, solo
and echo, and that all this is probably
going to Kansas after the fair.
»
ONE OF ADK'S PLAYS
TO BE SEEX HERE'
TOR FIRST TTME
Concerto G minor (Saint- Saens):
theme and variations, F minor
(Haydn); "Des Abends,* romanze. P
sharp minor (Schumann): etude, op. 10.
No. 5 (Chopin); serenata, presented to
Enid by the 'composer (William
Mason); "Fruhlingsrauschen" (Sind
ing); theme and variations (Enid
Brandt); tartanelle (Nlcode) ; polonaise,
E major (Liszt).
Enid Brandt's recital, postponed from
last Thursday, will take place on
Thursday evening next" at Steinway
HalL Many people are desirous of
hearing what this wonderful little lady
has done within the last year. She
seems to have made something of a
sensation in her concerts in New York,
in which she appeared some time ago,
and her work has doubtless gained im
portantly since then. Twelve years
F-nid now counts, not many considering
the following programme, however it
is handled:
It is rather unkind of Mr. and Mrs.
Fred S. Gutterson to go over to Berke
ley to give their first recitals since
their home coming. One wanted to
hear them. One wanted to hear what
Harold Bauer and Pablo Casals, with
whom this clever couple studied in
Paris for the better part of a year,
have done for them. But they must
needs pass us by for Berkeley. They
are to give there a series of three Tues
day evening recitals, on Tuesday next,
on December 6 and on January 10> at
the home of Sfr. and Mrs. Allen F.
Fr-eman.
On Friday evening next the first con
cert of the Minettl Orchestra will be
given at the Alhambra Theater, and
the event is awaited with much inter
est. The orchestra numbers upward of
100 players, and contains in Its person
nel most of the well-known amateurs
of the city. .". very interesting pro
gramme has been provided. If the
work of the orchestra at all equals
that of last season it should prove an
excellent evening's entertainment. As
sisting the orchestra will - be MI33
Grace Freeman, Miss Katharine John
son, Miss Grace Muller and Miss Wini
fred Wright. The programme will be
as follows: Auber, Maxaniello Over
ture; H. Vieuxtemps, Ballade et Polo
naise, tolo for violin; Massenet, Le
Dernier Sommeil de la Vierge, for
strings; Bazzini, Symphonic Poem
Saul; Bizet, Carmen Suite.
so became in last Sunday's reading,
with the result that the listener was
tired out in attempting to follow the
lost 'lines of the string structure
drowned out by the pianoforte."
"Mrs. * Mansfeldt, for the time
seemedto have overlooked the very
quality that , made her playing in the
same quintet so interesting last year,
viz.: the nice balance of tone between
the sonorous pianoforte and the less
resonant strings. In order to cope
with the mere noise (that is the proper
word) produced by the heavy baas of
a Steinway grand with open pedal,
the strings should have been at least
doubled; and even then the cello would
be mostly inaudible unless reinforced
by a contrabasso. Sinding can scarce
ly have intended that his string part3
should be lost whenever the pianoforte
bass gets a chance to let loose. Had
that been Intended— that the" strings
should merely support the pianoforte
part in a display of virtuosity and
overwhelming tone — the parts would
have been written quite differently,
viz.: in masses and broad effects, and
not in polyphonic treatment, imitative
figures and so on.
"Quite true it is that the pianoforte
part of the quintet is of itself very
showy, but that is only additional rea
son why the pianist should exercise
great discretion, in order' that the
.quintet may remain a quintet and not
become a pianoforte concerto with ut
terly inadequate accompaniment. It
; I am both glad arid sorry that "Pret
ty, Peggy" kept' me < away -from the
Kopta Quartet? concert Tof last Sunday
afternoon! I hear on unimpeachable
authority of a very good performance
of the Mozart quartet (No. 12, in G).
"a little cold and perfunctory In the
first movement, happier In the menu
etto. beautifully warm and sensitive
in the andante) and charmingly deli
cate and refined in the finale." The new
Svendsen '-'movement is ; characterized
as a "charming, ; ingenuous thing,
played admirably." The other novel
ty, the Corsenago Scherzo, is frankly
dubbed rubbish \ of .most ambitious
aort, but of such exemplary badness,
apparently, that it 'were good to hear!
But I am glad* to have missed the
Sinding quartet, the performance of
¦which was perhaps the chef d'oeuvre
of last year's concerts. One of Its
most pleasing elements, it. will be re
membered, was the discovery of Mrs.
Oscar Mansfeldt, before . known only
as a soloist of the brilliant order, as
an ensemble player of- peculiar deli
cacy and discretion. Her work of last
Sunday, whether the result of unwise
counsel or what not, seems to have
been in curious and unlovely contrast
with its last season's distinctions. Here
is my informant again— whose 'Judg
ment cannot be questioned in the
matter:
.. ¦ .. , ,¦¦,../•. ¦ : -..r ¦,•...->¦{ -•/,-¦ ..¦•.-.. --.¦-¦. - -* - ¦- ¦ " . ¦¦ -- .-¦.<-¦ • .. -.. '
THE SAN; FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19There* are also large plates of Mrs.
Patrick Campbell in the "Sorceress."
Viola Allen in "A Winter's Tale," Oti3
Skinner in "The Harvester.". Anna
Held In "Higgledy Plggledy,"* Henry
Miller in "Joseph Entangled.", scenes
from "The Sho-Gun? and from "Fan
tana." "Love's Lottery." Is
Business" and -"The Coronet * of the
Duchess." There are also single por
traits of Edgar Selwyn. H. Reeves
Smith, Annie Irish, William and Cecil
de Mille. Rose Stahl. Mr. Tree as Cal
iban, George Ade, Katherlne Gray
Odette ..Tyler, Robert Edeaoa and
Blanche Buckner. ;
A prominent feature of the Theatey
Magazine for November Is a most In*
terestlng Interview with George Ade. la
which the successful dramatist, whose
Income from his royalties exceeded last
year the salary of the President of the
Unitd States, makes a declaration of
principles In regard to his ambitions
and future work for the stage. Another
readable article Is an account of the
artistic career of ' Mme. Schumann-
Heink, the Wagnerian singer, who has
recently made her debut In American
comic opera. This is illustrated with
rare portraits of her at a very early
age. fffflPfiffiflp
Ada Patterson continues the delight
ful chats with players, her subject this
month being Annie Irish, and Aubrey
Lanston contributes : a charmingly
written article. on Mrs. SIddons. Mont
rose J. Moses continues his^ papers on
"Famous Families of American Play
ers./' . This . month's Installment is
devoted to the Sotherns. An arti
cle entitled "Curiosities of Dramatic
Criticism" is , likely to arouse
some comment for some of " the
blunt truths it tells, and there 13 an in
teresting account of the gift of a the
ater by a philanthropist to a town In
Minnesota. The pictures, as usual, are
very elaborate. The story of David
Warfleld's . great success. "The Music
Master." is told completely in picture
form, and so Is George Ade's comedy,
"The College Widow."
ITEMS OF n«TEKEST
IN THE NOVEMBER
THEATER MAGAZDTE}
Helene Irwin, Miss Marjorie Patterson
and Miss Julia Evans.
Then, "with the fall of the shadows,
came the crowning event of the day—
the Draper dinner dance at the Bohe
mian Club, given In honor of Miss Elsa
Draper, one of the bevy.jof lovely buds.
As an exemplar of elegance and Rood
taste, and fun without formality, the
affair was a success. Among
the merry-makers who toasted the
health of the maiden fair were: Gen
eral and Mrs. Charles Austin Coolldee.
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Freeman. Colo
nel and Mrs. George Andrews. Mr/and
Mrs. R. H. Postlethwaite. . Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Findley, Mr. and : Mrs.
Alexander Heyneman, Major and Mrs.
John Bigelow, Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Wil-
Har, Dr. and Mrs. Alfred Baker Scald
ing, Lieutenant and Mrs. -Clarence
Carrigan, Mr. and Mrs. William. Horn.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis »S. Beedy. Mr. and
Mrs. Allan Knight, Miss Ursula Stone,
Miss Etelka Williar, Miss Emily
Wilson, Miss Charlotte Wilson, Miss
Maude ': Payne, Miss ' Dorothy Dustan,^
Miss Maye Colburn, Miss Effie Mor
ris, Miss Edith Mau, Miss Ethel Shorb,
Miss Erna Hermann, Miss Mabel
Watklns, Mies Alice Treanor/ Miss
Edith Treanor, Miss Mabel Luce, Miss
Alys Miller, Mies Agnes Miller, Miss
Buraey Owens, 'Miss Edna Davis, Miss
Sybtl^ Hodges,' "Miss Florence Yates,
Miss" Ruth , Morton, Miss \Edith Red
ding, Miss Aiice Andrews, Miss Elsie
Clifford," Miss ' Edith Berry, Miss Ge
neva "Feblger, Miss Margaret Postle
thwaite, -Miss Susie Gould of New
York, "Miss Florence Gibbons, Miss
Elsie Dorr, Miss Doris . Batchclder,
Miss Gertrude Russell, Thomas Bar
bour, : - Enrique - Grau, Edward M.
Greenway, George Hall, Frank Owen,
TfankiKing; Admiral Farenholt; U. S.
N. (retired); General Biddle, U. S. A.
'(retiredi; Du Val Moore, i Joseph/ King;
Colonel ; Parker West, U. S. A.; John
Polhenius, William • T. . Goldsborough;
Captain Frank Winn, U. S. A. ; Early
Miss Elise Postley and Ross Ambler
Curran were' wedded in the Church* of
Heavenly Rest. Prominent « in the
wedding .party' was' beautiful Mrs v
Sterling Postley, formerly Miss Cook
of this Western .town/ who has tried
hard to live down the popularity be
stowed [upon ;• her . by Duke : Boris, who
pronounced her. the prettiest woman
he. had met in Yarikeelarid. : Mrs." 1
Horatio 'Cook, mother/of ; Mrs; ? Postley,
wen t 'on to the wedding , and * rumor i has
it that she. herself ¦ will become; a: bride
ere lemg/ the denouement; of a' romance
Craig; Major Stephenson, U. S.'.-A'.;
James Cameron, r Ernst Fuchs, Dr.
Pressley, Willis Davis, George Her
rick, • Philip Paschel, Paul Jones, Wal
ter" Bates ;-;Dr..; Louis Brechemin' Jr.;
U.* S.~ A.;\ J Ralph> Renaud,. Sherril
Schell. Leslie Harkness; Colonel Pitch
er, U. ' S. * A. ; "' Captain S. / L. Faison,
U. S. A.; Sidney Pringle, Covington
Prlngle, ;• Ernest*' McCormlck,, Hewitt
Davenport, . E. Courtney • Ford, Pro
fessor La ndfield, Campbell: Shorb,' Rob
erf Craig, Frank Jones, Herbert Jones,
Harvey Bass'etC Edgar Van Bergen,
Willard Barton, George R. Field/ Rob
ert. Berkeley, • Rayj Judah,' Harry Hunt,
Arthur Fennimore, .-; 'Arthur : House,
SOCIETY WOMEN AT HOME AGAIN, AND A BRIDE TO BE
Mrs. .Willis Davis formally presented
her ? - lovely I you ng ; daughter, Miss- Edna
Davis,*; to ; the smart ; set at a tea/ like-;
wise her niece, ' Miss Sybil Hodges, and
a<; beautiful^ scene^waa - ' the- drawing-"
On Wednesday—what "a . rblessed
change from overworked Tuesday—'
Mrs*. • . Mayo Newhall , was hostess * at
dinner in . honor fqf Miss Eels ; and John
Babcock, whose nuptials are soon ; to
be 'celebrated. ,'."• ' *
begun on; th'e other. side of the ocean.
Thursday night brought the long
looked-for and long-wlshed-for Wln
shl p-Dillon wedding, thus - bringing I to
a fitting climax a pretty bit of romance.
A" striking looking woman at all times,
Miss Dillon made a - fascinating . bride.
And. maids," list ye! That exquisite
robe was made in San . Francisco, and
a ; health to the bride for . the" fine spirit
displayed therein, and may others take
heed and follow a worthy example. .
The ceremony was, as in all Catholic
services, solemn and Impressive, and
was- celebrated at ; an altar, \ a-gleam
with; candles, ; Illumining a wilderness
of , white blossoms.r ' _;¦}"« ',_ . ; " j.
¦'. And this at the foot of a Murillo Ma
donna.; Cute . little maids were'the floral
bearers/ Miss Margaret Casey and Miss
Kate Crodar, In , their little
white frocks.. The attendants,
Miss Caroline Fosgate, : Miss
Collier, Miss Grace . Spreckels, Miss
Ethel * Moore V and . Miss ¦ Patricia Cos
grkve, were chr rmlrig In ; pink chiffon
froc!v> ' and • bearing ; carnations. The
home V decorations were superb, thou
sands of * blossoms having been culled
to i grace '- the , glad faff air. ' •_ ¦".-¦'¦
'Among the guests- who dined with the
gallant officer and his bride were: Miss
; Caroline '• Fosgate,' MlssV Sara Collier,
Miss Grace" Spreckels, -Miss Ethel
; Moore, Miss Patricia .^Cosgrave, , Pay
master % Ball, 1 --U. * S. N. ; ' Dr.' and I Mrs.
Reginald Knight Smith, Lieutenant Lo-
To bid them godspeed, Raphael WelH
named as his guests of honor on Wed
nesday last Mr. and Mrs; - John C.
Wilson.' The Bohemian Club red room,
with its'" rich dressing, was further
heightened • in beauty by the lavish
distribution of ' roses. Miss Grace
Spreckels, Miss Helen Wagner, Mr. and
Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr., Barbour
Lathrop, E. M. Greenway, Edgar Miz
ner. and Raphael W eI11 unanimously
and severally expressed* sentiments be
fitting the hour. SpS^S
The perfection of the Itinerary which
the Wilsons have selected lies aa much
in its elasticity as In the countries
themselves. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson left
San 'Francisco yesterday, and with btit
a glance at Chicago \ and New York
will- set .sail from Boston on the 18th.
There seems to be' small need of an
excuse for fetes these merry, busy
days, but every event is made a ralson
d'etre. The "comers home" are wined
and dined, the out-going ones are
"tea-ed," the stay-at-homes are given
receptions— for what? Stability, per
haps. " But, with It all, the' spirit of
affection and true good fellowship
abounds and whatever the cause, West
ern hospitality and generosity seem not
on . the wane.
• • •
On the same afternoon Mrs, Frank
Sullivan entertained at luncheon in her
beautiful home on Washington street
and Van Ness avenue, with handsome
Helen Pettigrew the guest of honor.
Miss Pettigrew's wedding takes place
on the 9th.
• • *
room at the hour of five, with both
maidens beside their embattlements of
flowers.- -">'^ iv^ivV'
Society loses one of its favored
members for the winter in the de
parture of Mrs. McKlttrlck, who has
gone with her father. General Shafter,
to his Bakersfleld ranch. The hos
pitable home on Pacific avenue,
though left under charming guardian
ship, will miss the geniality of the gal
lant general and of Mrs. >tcKlttrick«
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Welch, who hava '
taken the Shafter house, will open
their doors frequently through this)
season.
* * *
To-morrow the St. Francis win b«
the scene of a brilliant reception to
be given by Mrs. Grayson Dutton.
Dr. William A. Martin entertained
ai dinner yesterday In honor of Major
Shlete and Dr. and Mrs. Shlels. The
affalr v took place at the Palace, covers
being laid for fifteen.'
The return of Miss Maude Younger
after so long an absence from home*ls
a cause for much warm welcome ¦ and
will be further celebrated by many af
fairs In her honor. Though several of
this city's fair daughters are. well trav
eled and conversant with European
manners and ideas, there are few. who
desert for so long a period as has Miss
-Younger. She has positively prolonged
her foreign stay into years, so that San
Francisco Is little more than nominally
home to her. Still, she will enjoy her
stay with old friends, even though there
is small likelihood of her taking per
manent residence here.
with the advance of the season. Wed
dings, teas and luncheons are following
fast. One of the small though pleas
ant affairs of the week was that given
last Sunday by General and Mrs.
Charles Austin Coolidge in honor of
Lieutenant Campbell Batcock. U. S. A.
Army affairs are , rapidly Increasing
All-Hallows' Eve, even In this prac
tical age, . lays claim to . numerous fol
lowers who willingly, even if timidly,
peer into the unknown. The grown
folk, take .stranse delight, too. In dis
secting, the charm. With this object In
view, three hostesses gathered about
them thirty or more, uninitiated on Hal
loween. The home was -Mrs. Brom
well's and aiding her were Mrs. Joseph
Kelly and Mrs.. George Borneman. 'Tis
said these "children of a larger growth"
were ; as • happy and well-pleased with
the entertainment as a younger 'gen
eration- might have been.
The departure of Mrs. Warren Olney
with her daughter, Miss Ethel Olney,
while a matter of congratulation, for
them is still a cause for regret among
their many • friends. But - the spirit of
"speed the parting guest" is upper
most, and amid the farewells there
have, been recently many affairs of
pleasure given to the two travelers.
Mrs. and Miss Olney -will tour Europe,'
stopping in many Eastern cities en
route. Mrs. Warren Olney Jr. recently,
invited several of the closer family
friends to bid adleux. Among those
who received with her were Mrs. Ed
ward von . Adelung, Mrs. Walter Hart.
Mrs. Louis Bartlett. Mrs. J. . K. Mc-
Lean, Mrs. Bayata, Miss Wellman and
Miss Mary Williams.
Though 'tis paradoxical . that buds
should blossom in winter time, the
truth of this matter still asserts Itself,
and every day proclaims a new flower.
Miss % MarJor!e Greenwood Josselyn
(what a pretty name!) made her pretty
bow to the world of merriment yester
day. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Josselyn
held tea and received the congratula
tions of their many friends for this
winsome daughter's introduction. In
January Mrs. and Miss Josselyn will be
at home on second and third Fridays.
If there's a handsomer young matron
In town than Mrs. Louis Pierce It has
not been my good fortune to see her. A
few days ago she lunched at the St.
Francis, wearing a white embroidered
cloth gown, with a large white hat and
violet veil— a Whistler picture.
Miss Isabelle Kendall is the most
sought after maid in the burg over the
bay. On Wednesday she was enter
tained at cards in charming fashion by
Miss Noelle de Golia, the following con
stituting the receiving party: Miss
Clarisse Lohse. Miss Edith Downing,
Miss Bonnie Downing, Miss Elsie Klm
ble,; Miss Letitia Barry, Miss Evelyn
Hussey, Miss Ruth Kales, Miss Lillian
Isaacs, Miss Anita Oliver, Miss Lucre
tla Burnham, Miss Ada Kenna, Miss
Jessie Fox, Miss Myrtle Sims, Miss
Carmen Sutton, Miss Marlon Walsh,
Miss Nicholson, Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld
and Mrs. Louise Allender.
Miss Maud Smith and her mother,
Mrs. George Law Smith, have returned
home full of reminiscences of charm
ing hospitality in the East. In all the
larger cities the ladies were delightfully
entertained, but with all the allure
ments of travel they were "glad to get
back"— the San Franciscan's refrain.
Friday night was the gladdest, mer
riest night of ' all, for* 'twas genial
Ned Green way's birthday. As on all
other natal days within the memory of
his friends, Mr. Greenway gave a din
ner.
Then came the first big dance of the
year, the Friday Night Assembly. And
¦what a lot of little fluttering debu
tante hearts were abroad that glad
night at this their first ball, and bless
ings on them for their happiness.
pez, U. S. N.; Lieutenant Babcock, U.
S. A.; Miss Gertrude Eels. Miss Leon
tine Blakeman, Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss
Florence Ives, L. M. O'Brien, Captain
Wilson, U. S. A.; Richard M. Hotaling,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton, Dr.
and Mrs. Alfred Baker Spalding.
Quite the largest afternoon affair
that has taken place at Mare Island
for many moons was the tea given by
Mrs. James H. Glennon oh Tuesday in
honor of her pretty daughter. Miss Isa
belle Glennon. Among the guests were
the following: Admiral and Mrs. Bow
man H. McCaJla, the Misses Stella and
Lilly McCalla, the Misses Frances and
Gra^ce Thompson cf : San Francisco,
Miss Alice Bacon, Mrs. Bacon, Captain
and Mrs. Benjamin F. Tilley. Miss Ed
dyn Tilley. Miss Mexrcfee. AIIbs Frances
Waggener/Dr. and Mrs. Manly H. Si
monda, Miss Williams, Captain and
Mrs. Henry Bull, Captain and Mrs.
Taussig, Naval Constructor and Mrs.
F. B. Zahm, Miss Courtney Collins,
Mrs. Richard Cutts/ Naval Constructor
and Mrs. McEnteet_CaptaIn Day, Chap
lain and Mrs. McAllister, Miss Wil
liams, Ensign George Brown, Miss
Shorb, Miss Olive Craig, Lieutenant
Arthur B. Owens, Lieutenant Pritch
ard, Mrs. McPherson, Mrs. Alexander
McCracken, Miss Ruth Gedney, Mrs.
Murtagh, Mrs. Shorb, Miss Caroline
McDougal, Mrs. Hall, Mrs. McCrea,
Howard MeCrea, "Ben" Tilley, Captain
¦^ootee. Captain. Sherman, Paymaster
yds C. Kerr, Paymaster Goldsbor-
Tuesday also recorded the nuptials
of Miss Harriet King of Detroit.
Mich., to Lieutenant "Jack" -Raymond,
Second Cavalry, eo well known as an
attache of the Presidio. Many will re
call the young officer whose family was
exceptionally well known hereabouts.
Then there was the luncheon* given
in honor of Miss Ursula Stone, the
dainty debutante, by her mother, Mrs.
Bertody- Wilder Stone, and a fascinat
ing little affair it was, full of the fun
and frolic of maids at the debut age.
Among the guests were Miss Ursula
Stone, Miss Elizabeth Llvennore, Miss
Carol Moore, Miss Helen Bally, Miss
Newell Drown, Miss Rhoda Pickering
and Miss Marie Pickering..
Tuesday was the card party of Mrs.
George Rodman Shreve at the Century
Club, where a goodly gathering wooed
luck amid a bower of chrysanthemums
and green things. Among the guests
were: Mrs. Robert Hooker, Mrs. Os
grood Hooker, Mrs. Mayo NewhalL. Mrs.
Garceau, Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mrs.
Louis Monteagle, Mrs. L. L. Baker.
Mrs. George Grant, Mrs. Frederick
Beaver. Mrs. Madison, Mrs. John Part
ridge, Mrs. Wakefield Baker. Mrs. Rob
ert J. , Woods, Miss Houghton. Mrs. S.
E. Dutton, Mrs. Ira Pierce. Mrs.
George Moore. Mrs. Frederick Tallant.
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, Mrs. Samuel
Buckbee, Mrs. Pond, Mrs. Wilson. Mrs.
Warren Clarke, Mrs. Douglas Watson,
Mrs. Russell Wilson, Mrs. Frederick
Luett, Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Frederick
Kohl, Mrs. Mabel Jacobs, Mrs. William
Sherwood, Mrs. Henry Clarence Bree
den, Mrs. H. A- Williams,- Mrs. Schwe
rin, Mrs. Roe, Miss Bothin. Mrs.
Thomas Benton Darragh, Mrs. Bull,
Mrs. Drysdale. Miss Bolton, Mrs. Wal
ter Treat, Mrs. Kellogg, Mrs. Whitney.
Mrs. George Boyd, Mrs. Edwin Di
xnond. Mrs. Robert David. Mrs. Mans
field Lovell, Mrs. W. P. Fuller. Mrs.
Hyde Smith, Mrs. Frank Bates, Miss
Bates, Mrs. Gerberding. Mrs. William
Kohl. Miss Kohl. Mrs. Eaton. Mrs.
Chauncey Winslow, Mrs. Ryland Wal
lace. Mrs. N. G. Kittle, Mrs. Austin
Tubbs and Mrs. William Taylor.
Behold the busiest week of the win
ter! And thus is the gay season on!
Monday started the ball a-rolllng' with
the duff dinner to Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Wilson. It was given at the Palace,
with striking accoutrements of flowers
and music. Among the guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. George Downey, the
Misses de Young, Miss Pearl Landers,
Miss Helen Wagner, Miss Ethel Hager,
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Spreckels, William
Downing. Richard Hotaling, Edward
Greenway, Edgar Mizner, William Mc-
Lean and Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff.
Blessed is the burg that has near it
an army post — it gets a vast amount of
style from it in the way of clever men
and buttons and braid. Likewise is a
fisher-town lucky that hath for its
front yard a harbor big- enough to
mother the ships of nations that come
a-visiting from afar; because their of
ficers are gallant fellows, and interest
ing. The little diflVulties of speech,
such as were encountered when the
Lena's officers became temporary resi
dents of San Francisco, cause scarcely
a flutter in these polyglot days. But
how blessed, indeed, is a burg that hath
both an army post and a naval station
at her elbow! Ah! little maid and
thooigrhtless matron, eliminate from
your party lists the handsome chaps
who serve our Uncle Samuel and
nee how puny your teas would look,
and your dances. Besides, these posts
are so prolific of husbands. Now, that's
not an unimportant factor.
On the 15th another tea will b'e given
at the^same hours, to which a laree
coterie of friends will be bidden. The
receiving party on Tuesday last con
sisted , of Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith,
Miss Carol Moore, Miss Eliza Kline.
Miss Charlotte Wilson, Miss Lucy Gwin
Coleman, Miss Josephine de Guigne.
Miss Olga' Atherton, Mrs. Clarence
Carrigan. Miss Edith Treanor. Miss
What a red-letter day was— last
Tuesday! It was on that eventful day
that Miss Maisie Langhorne was pre
sented by her mother, Mrs. James Pot
ter Langhorne, at her Pacific avenue
home. During the hours from 3 to 6
the charming little maid made her ini
tial curtsey, amid banks of madrone
berries.
ough and many others. Miss Glennon
was daintily gowned In a fluffy white
,frock, and a mass of flowers and pot
ted plants formed a pretty background
for her girlish figure. >— :
In Gotham wedding bells are ringing
for fair Californians, for on Tuesday
Mr. Chandler. Dr. Hale, Dr. Noble,
Lieutenant Owens, Dudley Sales,
Frank Brosvn, Ernest Crook, t Hugh
Owens, Ralph Owens, D. Volkman.
William Volkman, Lindsay Scrutton,
Ralph Owens, Air. Mainwaring, Frank
Corbusler, James Towne, Richard
Micou and Lieutenant Jamieson, U.
s. a. :&>¦>¦
THE SAN/iFRANGISGOgGALI^^SUNDAY, 6; 1904.
INFLUENCE OF ARMY AND NAVY
SMART SET
20Fatalism takes all force out of life.
; Four more s charges were booked at
the,. City Prison against Mrs. Grace
Squire '- yesterday, three for burglary
and one for grand larceny. The bur
glary charges are for entering the
residences of Peter Hoy, 1105 Laguna
street; Mrs. A. H. Reiner t," 823 O'Far
rell street, and Mrs. Ollie Blazier, 305
Jones street. The " grand • larceny
charge' is for^ stealing a purse contain
ing two $50 -bills, a pearl necklace
and gold pencil from Mrs. C. V. K.
Willets, 1001 Golden Gate avenue,
'while she was in the Emporium.
The cases against . her for entering
the! room of Mrsr Verlie Campbell, 123
Turk street, and the apartments of
Mrs. Charles Oldag, 1291 Turk street,
were called in Police Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday and continued till next
Thursday. Mrs. Squire's husband
visited ' her : several times in prison yes
terday. She told the ; police that as
soon "as she had a talk with her hus
band* she would make a Jull : confes
sion, but ¦ yesterday she informed De
tective -Regan, that! her attorney : had
warned her that if she said ; anything
to ;the police - - any one else he . would
throw up her ,case.
Three More for -Burglary, One for
Grand Larceny and the List
Is Still Growl iiij.
CHARGES ACCUMUIaATIXG
AGAIXST »IRS. SQUIRE
hai, China, Carmencillia fell in love
with a wealthy and: influential Scotch
man. Harris begged » her repeatedly
to give the" Scotchman up and return
to him, but she refused. •
Harris* drank heavily to drown his
sorrows.* He left Shanghai, on a
steamship, intending to return to his
home in Chicago. He arrived here on
October 17 and it was learned" that he
imbibed freely during the voyage. He
kept It up on arrival here and was a
familiar figure in the tenderloin. Dr.
W. J. Jackson, who was summoned to
attend , him last Thursday,' expressed
the opinion that he would .die in a
few hours from alcoholism, which
was. causing paralysis .of the heart.
Captain Burnett will '. communicate
with the police authorities of Chicago
and ask them to notify Harris' rela
tives of his death.
A' mam may b« loud and yet not
saj- muchnBBagflMMMHaBgHHMlMM
The Colma Congregational Sunday
school will hold- a rummage sale at
865 Bryant street" on November 13,
14 and 15. Contributions of-furni
ture, clothing, and bric-a-brac wlll.be
received at that address joi\ by, ; the
Rev. E. J. N Singer at i the Y. M. ;C. A.
building. The proceeds-will go to the
fund for building a church at Colma.
Will Hold a Rummage . Sale.
The First English Lutheran Church
will hold a bazaar at the church par- j
lors, Geary street near Gough, on No- j
vember 10, 11 and 12. ; An attractive j
entertainment will be given every j
evening while the bazaar lasts. While |
the programme has not yet been com
pleted many attractive features are
already* promised and those In charge
ot the affair . expect "... to announce |
others. .. j
The McKinnon , Memorial Associa- !
tlon will hold an open meeting at j
Steinway Hair next Friday night |
Judge Frank Murasky ! will make an '
address in which he will tell of the;
purpose of the association.. Colonel j
Barry will speak of the character and ;
personality of • Father McKinnon and 1
General Woodruff will tell of the work '
achieved by the soldier-priest in the ;
Philippines. The League of the
Cross Band will furnish music,
Bazaar and Entertainment. j
Will Hold Open Meeting.
L.ADT MACCABEES WILL. DANCE.—Mls
r.on Hive No. 1H of the Ladles of the Macca
>ee* will givt a ball to its members and friends
a Mlfslon Opera-hall en Thursday evening
lext. The committee la charge will have a
trst-class programme of dances.
Promote the secretion* of the urine
tn<l renew the enervated kidneys by
tp-.r.tr Lash'e Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
The Technical Society of the Pacific
will hold meetings at the Mercantile
Library building on December 1, 2
and 3. Many interesting papers will
be read by experts. Some of the sub
jects to be covered are: Hydro-electric
power development and transmission
in California, water power and elec
tricity in California, engineering, and
the law, trade schools, phenomena of
machine operation, fuel oils and the
reclamation of tidal areas. A ban
quet will be held on the last day of the
convention.
Will Discuss B\g Problems.
Mrs. Sarah" Kleis, a prominent
member of the Rebekahs, passed away
quietly at her home In Chico last
Wednesday. She was the daughter of
Judge Hall of Chico. She is survived
by three children, " all boys. Mrs.
Kleis faas a native of Wisconsin and
54 years old. The degree of chivalry
was conferred on her by the order of
which she was a member.
Prominent Kebekah Dead.
PART II. •
Overture. "Robespierre" LJtolflf^
tmerican sketch, "Down South". . .Myddleton
The Ride of the Hussars" Splndler
Selection from "F1or p <>dora" Stuart
(rand fantasia, "Martha" Flotow
"America."
PARTL
darrh. "Ya> Boola" Hirsch
>verture. "Orph*u«" Offenbach
1'aJts. •Fairies' Whl*per«".W. Fa Kretschmer
Jornet solo. "Carnl\-al of Venice" (with
variations)
Alfred Arrlola.
Introduction third act and bridal chorus
from ¦•Lohenarin" ~ Wagner
The following programme will be
•endered at the park to-day:
Mu«>ic at the Park.
This year the memorial service of
the San Francisco Lodge of the Pro
tective Benevolent Order of Elks will
be held, in the Tivoli on Sunday, De
cember 4, at 2 p. m. The oration will
be delivered by Judge Harry S. Mel
vln of Oakland Lodge, and the eulogy
will be by F. C. Gibbons of the local
lodge. The following named compose
the committee of arrangements: John
S. Partridge, W. M. Abbot, C. W. Nev
in, D. E. Stafford, E. Godchaux, W.
H. Leahy, W. M. Dickie. C. L. Beck,
R. A. Messerole, W. M. Ogllvie and T.
F. Prendergast.
Elks Memorial Service.
George P. Farmer and John A. H.
Umbach were booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detective Bell and Police
men Moriarity, Wilson and Tobin on a
charge of robbery. The complaining
witness is Charles Blocker, clerk In the
checkroom at the St. Francis Hotel.
Blocker and the two defendants lived
in a lodging-house at 28 Eighth street.
Farmer, who was employed In the en
gine-room at the St. Francis, occupied
a room with Umbach. Blocker says
that last Sunday night about 9 o'clock
Umbach knocked on the door of his
room and entered. After lighting a
cigarette Umbach asked Blocker to
show him a photograph that he kept -in
his trunk. Blocker opened the trunk
and took out the photograph.
The trunk had been left open, and
while Umbach was looking at the pho
tograph he gave a peculiar cough and
Farmer came into the room. Blocker
6ays that Farmer pulled a revolver out
of his pocket and pointing it at Blocker
said: "Now we have got you just where
we want you. If you don't give us some
money we will blacken your character."
They began to empty Blocker's trunk,
and while one carried his clothing and
other articles to their room the other
kept him covered with a revolver. After
taking his watch from his pocket and
leaving him nothing but the clothes he
was wearing they left the room, threat
ening to kill him if he said anything to
the police.
Blocker was so afraid of their threats
that he kept his mouth shut, but when
they called upon him at the hotel late
Wednesday night and again threatened
to blacken his character unless he gave
them money he determined to notify
the police the following day. This he
did. Farmer was arrested on Friday
and Umbach yesterday afternoon. In
their room and on their persons when
searched all of the property taken from
Blocker was found and it was booked
as evidence against them.
Charles Blocker Says That
George P. Farmer andJohn
A. H. Umbach Held Him Up
CHARGED WITH
BOLD ROBBERY
Small Boy Disappears.
Mrs. Hutchings, wife of Thomas
Reed Hutchings, living on Powell
street, near Lombard, notified the
Harbor police station yesterday that
her 11-year-old son, Lloyd, had dis
appeared last Thursday. Hutchings,
who is a lumber longshoreman on the
water front, left home on August 1
and has not been seen in the city
since. The mother thinks her hus
band haa taken the boy away. Hutch
ings is a drinking man and left home
under the influence of liquor.
¦ m ¦
When a Princess appears in public
with her mother she wears an apolo
getic look which every one under
stands.
This breaking down of the strict
wall of censorship and giving to ,¦ the
public the news, regardless of cost,
illustrates what is being done to give
the public reliable news of the great
current events in the world's history.
It has been the policy of Melville E.
Stone, now head of the Associated
Press, to use the cable as freely as a
school girl would use a free telephone.
Formerly but a few words would have
been wired around by way of London
and full accounts would follow by
mail. Now, without asking for per-,
mission, reliable correspondents send
thousands of words direct from the
seat of war.
The correspondent haa been absent
six months gathering this information.
A correspondent is kept at Chefu and
the news he sends out, though reliable,
is not authoritative, owing to the
secrecy of the Japanese Government.
The Japanese, finally realizing that the
Associated Press was carrying noth
ing but reliable news, finally permitted
the correspondent at the front to send
through an uncensored message de
scribing in detail what had been done.
He immediately chartered a boat, went
to Chefu and handed his copy to the
Associated Press representative there,
returning at once to the firing line.
From Chefu the story of the battles
was forwarded to Shanghai, thence to
Hongkong, where it was relayed to
Manila and turned over to the Pacific
Cable Company for transmission to
this country.
For six months a representative of
the Associated Press had been with
the Japanese army before ; the " forts,
enduring the hardships of a soldier's
life, subsisting on the same fare as
the sturdy little fighting men and tak
ing the same risks. During all this
time not a word had been heard from
him by the officers of the association.
Suddenly there came an -intimation
that there was to be a Btory.
Without waiting to "query" as to
the number of words he would be per
mitted to send, this enterprising news
gatherer placed a message on the wire,
which in its condensed form consisted
ot 4374 words; when the articles,, ad
jectives and conjunctions were sup
plied at this end of the line there was
a graphic descriptive story of about
7000 words, giving the information
•which people have so eagerly sought
but heretofore have been unable to
obtain. To show the enterprise of the
Associated Press arid its willingness
to obtain the news at whatever cost
no better illustration ttan this is re
quired. The cable tolls alone for the
4374 words at 36 cents (gold) per
word Is a considerable item.
One of the greatest achievements of
modern journalism and one that shows
the far-reaching effects of combined
efforts, was the story of battling before
Port Arthur; printed in The, Call of
Friday morning. A graphic;descrip
tion of one of the greatest sieges the
world has ever seen was carried by
cable a distance approximating 8000
miles. The message was the longest
one that has ever been cabled across
the Pacific.
. Captain Burnett detailed Detectives
Brai? ' and Mulcahy on the case and
yesterday they submitted their report
to him. They ascertained that Harris
was a theatrical man and had been on
a tour of the Orient, the Philippine
Islands and the Antipodes. In his
company was 'a very beautiful woman
known as Carmencillia, a serpentine
dancer. Harris was deeply In love
with her and she seemed to recipro
cate his affection.
While the company was at Shang-
Unrequited love seems to have
caused Sherman Harris to com
mit sculcide in his room at
the Metropolitan Hotel 129 Third
street, , on Friday. He, was found
in an unconscious r condition t and
taken to the Central Emergency 'Hos
pital,- where he died. Death was sup
posed to have been due to opium pois
oning. An autopsy ivas made on the
body at the Morgue, but as the cause
of death could not be determined the
stomach was sen 'o the City Chemist
for analysis.
Tlipusands of Words Are
Sent by Wire USder Ocean
Without Regard to Cost
She Prefers AVealtliy Resi
dent of i Shanghai, Which
Starts Him on a Debauch
LONG CABLE MESSAGES
ENAM0KED OF A DANCER
How' the News of the Battling
Before Port Arthur Was
Gathered and Distributed
Sherman Harris,; a Theatri- i
cal Man, Supposed to Have J
Swallowed Dose of Opium
MARKS AN ERA
IN JOURNALISM
PRETTY WOMAN
HIS UNDOING
THE , SAN FRANCISCO" 'CALIi, NOVEMBER' 6, 1904.
21
#5* t^*- .-¦.'is"* $& ¦
|l Sunday Dinner I
P'L atthe • •£;
II Terrace Garden fl
Vf; A delightful experience to /
-A$ those who enjoy the Master- I
>f pieces of Chef and Musician. I
r 1
M. I HUNGARIAN v TABLE D'HOTE, \
|C% > ORCHESTRA 6 to 8 p. m.. \
'*?$%&. Under BernatJaulus One Dollar \
T*3jVv7% ._ O Direction of \
>"*»? J 1 **™*^?^ HAGUE RESTAURANT, CO. \
% r^J&L-rz/^ B. WILSON. Prest. , j
¦ t frifc" T V-T5?r "•?• 121-127 Mason Street. > «
i 02Dy ] # . I
APVEgTISEttEriS.
IHHHIHHBHHHHH
j Wrinkles j
! Shriveled I
1 ¦
¦ •••OKIIjU** • ¦
¦ "After using 5
iSfit a few appli- q
4&§J9ft) cations of q
fl^g^ Lola Monter B
C£ty »v C« me I have ?
-^t^J?^" Jr astonished H
"^n^'JJt jS^ m y iriends *
*^_ $J ¦with a clear, ~*
— vw . smoath com- S
plcxion." 2
A lady 55 q
o E »«*Tot.oe<r. succeeded in B
l r emoving *
E wTickles from her face bv using J ,
g LOLA MONTEZ CREME. It wiU g
5 do the saine for you. To the young |
1 face it gives fresh charms, to the old sj
2 renewed youth. Pot 75c, lasts three Q
B n.o-.ths. AU druggists. ¦
I TRIAL JAR. Ladles sending this 3
I ad. and JOcwiil receive a jar of LOLA ?
¦ MONTEZ CREME, a box of Face B
j Powder and a book of instructions. H
e Mrs. Nettie Harrison's ¦
I 4-DAY S
J HAIR RESTORER g
r W:il brine tack the natural olor. S
5 Grey .-.r fade-! hatr rf stored permanent- "•
a is- without inconvenience aiid with no B
I <li«i«jrr<?eaMe after effects. Not a <!>••: d
1 ;« ¦-•-.-¦ : leaves no *e41:nent and does n
1 not TLJike the hn\r sticky. $1.00 v*t =
2 bottle. AT: dnireist*. «
! Mrs. Nettie Harrison g
I DERMATOLOGIST. jg
¦ 140 Ceai-y itreet*, San Francisco ¦
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ebbubS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The WHITE If/UlCC
lie Will IE liuL^C
I& JLJft Juf 1 f JlJiJl JL JLd JL JL v-f \J m^J Sue
Attention is Directed to a Display of Novelties Suitable for
«* HOLIDAY GIFTS
COMPRISING •
Electric Lamps ;
Hall, Mantel and Desk CIocKs \
Living Room, Library and ;
Parlor Furniture
Bronzes, Marbles, Terra Cottas |
Miniatures, Enamels,PhotoFrames
China and Glassware
...and in addition... :
Many other interesting Objects o! Art at
...REASONABLE PRICES...
' ---T ,-, , i-.-urjvi.-un.^uTj .-_¦ J
>r Cor.Post & Kearny Sts*
Mondys and Fridays XfT, Christmas Orders.
bet 2 and 4 p.m.. Kearny r and Sutter Sts. consuitour
Private Lessons by ' " . ' '^^ '. Winter Catalogue
Appointment. >•/. Store Opens 8.SO Jt. M., Closes S.3O P. M. for suggestions.
Great Closing Out Sale of our Entire Stock of
Imported Bronzes, Pottery and Glassware
¦ :; . • At 1 / 3 Off Regular Prices ¦
(Second Floor Kearny St.) V
The sale starts on its second week, .with even better advantages than before. New goods,
selected prior to our concluding to close out this' department, have arrived and many choice
pieces are now on sale. When you consider that our regular prices are more reasonable than those
asked far similar goods elsewhere, *the great importance of this offer will at once be recognized.
Real Bronze Statuettes ; . Bohemian Decorative Glassware
One-Third Off OnejThird Off
Bronze Cabinet Ornaments Hand-Carved Karlsbad Glassware
* „ One-Third Off ¦ One-Third Off
Choice Kayserzinn, Novelties Handsome Vases and' Bowls
One-Third Off One-Third Off
Fancy Metal Objects of Art Fancy Clocks and Candelabra
One-Third Off One-Third Off
To - morrow Morning we Start 'the Selling ol
$2.50 and $3.00 P. D. Corsets, and
$2.75 and $4.00 T. B. Corsets* at.. $1.50
"- ?" (Third Floor Kearny St.)
A great many ladies will be interested in this sale, for it's seldom that the genuine P. D.
Corsets are offered at a price so low. They are the best French Corsets made — none fit better,
none more cpmfortable. The sale includes a large variety of straight front models — some made
of Sateen, Italian Cloth and Silk Twill in plain black, and black with fancy colored figures, in
sizes 18 to 26. The J. B. Corsets are of Sateen and Coutille, in black and gray, sizes 22 aw rr\
to 30. Corsets that sell regularly at $2.50, $2.75, $3.00 and $4.00 per pair, to-morrow 4>>»>JU
1 - . >
Grand Opening, To-morrow, of our
New Fancy Notion and Jewelry Department
This is one of the most important announcements of the year.» We have been for months pre-
paring for this great event, and to-morrow this department opens with unquestionably the most
comprehensive assortment of novelties ever shown in this city. There are Opera Glasses, Lorg-
nettes, Reading Glasses and Opera Glass Bags, in the very latest ideas — Exquisite white stone
Brooch Pins, in effects you've never before seen — Handsome Neck Chains, Bracelets, Hat Pins,
Jeweled Combs; Belts and Belt Buckles, odd and unique. And there is a. profusion of choicest
Silver Novelties and Leather Goods. Everything. entirely new and a| the most moderate prices.
To Introduoe this New. Department, we Will Offer Monday:
$8.50 Pearl Opera Glasses at $5.OO
Oriental Pearl Opera Glasses, in medium and large size, with finest quality French lenses, gold *- nn
plated slides and exquisitely finished —worth regularly $8.50 a pair, special to-morrow $3,UU
Ladies' Walking Gloves Boys' Good Sweaters
A Noteworthy Dollar Value At a Very Low Price
(Pint Floor Kearny St.) (Third Floor Kearny St.)
Here Is an excellent opportunity to obtain a first-class, A special lot of Boys' Sweaters go on sale to-morrow —
stylish, guaranteed Kid Glove tor.a dollar. In appear- made of fine quality wool, with rolling collar; colors navy
ance, shape ind durability it cannotT>e distinguished from blue, red, royal blue and black with neat stripes, also
a $1.50 glove. In all colors— tan, mode, some In solid color bottles, with striped collar
beaver, red v slate, navy, brown and white— Vl nil and cuff s — all sizes 4 to 14 years — excep- VI (][]
perfectfit; warranted /P l>uu tional value <V ¦ ¦»"
Fashionable Allover Laces
l»" At Reduced Prices for^Monday Only
(First Floor Kearny St.) *
Exceptional values in the most up-to-date Allover Laces for waists and yokes. We have not
waited until the end of the season to present this opportunity, but offer it now, when demand is
greatest. These prices for to-morrow only : •
Lierre Lace Allovers, In cream, 24 inches wide, , - Venise Lace Allovers, In white or cream, 20 Ins. ~ ft
floral designs; regularly $1.00 yard, at OOC wide, scroll and floral designs; were J1.40 yd.now^ * .UU
Venise Lace Allovers, in white, cream or ecru, Q - Venise Lace Allovers, in white or cream, 20 ins. t -
i8ins. wide, many designs, were $1.25 yard, now.\.oOC wide, small medallion patterns; were $i.65yd,now$l*id
Ribbed Underwear — Our Own Importations
. v 1 *.,, (Mala AisJe Kearny St.)
\.rl Our Ladies' Knit Underwear Department with its immense assortment of new, seasonable
garments, offers to-morrow these exceptionally good values :
Ladies' Ribbed Cotton Vests, fleeced, in white, . Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Vests, made of wool.wlth just
heavy weight for winter wear. Pants to match, each 50C enough cotton so as not to shrink; extra heavy,each?l.&D
Ladles' Ribbed Merino Vests, in white or gray, fine Ladies' Australian Wool Vests, with Pants to match,
soft quality; will not shrjnk. Pants to match, each f 1.00 fine quality; very satisfactory garments, each. . . . SloO
Ladies' Ribbed Cashmere Vests, in white or natural, Ladies'Silk andWool Ribbed Vests, In white— just £';*-_£
splendid for cold weather. Pants to match, each. . . $1 »25 the thing for ladles who cannot wear all wool, each 51.75
ADVEltTISEMENTS.
B.XATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO
Adjoining: Call Building-.
VICI KID SANDALS.
Neat and Comfort ble.
When you buy Shoes it • is a
great comfort to know that you
can depend on the word of those
who sell them. In buying Shoes
here you have that confidence be-
cause you know our guarantee is
behind every pair we sell. In ad-
dition to that we guarantee our
prices to be the lowest in San
Francisco and the quality of our
Shoes the best. Honesty and
square dealing: show the^r good re-
• suits in our immense business.
VERY SPECIAL LEASES THIS
WEEK: Ladles' Splendid Quality
Vlci Kid Sandals, made with neat,
'comfortable- toes? flexible hand-
turned soles, dressy coneaye heels
and neat strap with bow over in-
step. A perfect house Slipper for
all occasions. Sizes 2% to ' 8.
Widths B to EE. PRICE BD-
BTJCED FOB THIS WEEK. ..!S."»O
CHILDREN'S SPECIAL SALE.
• Just^adapted for this season of
the year. A duplicate line of Shoes
placed on sale at greatly reduced
prices. - Children's and Misses
Box Calf Lace Shoes., made with
heavy doable extension soles, wide
coin toes and tips, circular vamps
or straight, -foxings and either
spring heels or new- low school
heels. Widths C to EE.
REDUCED SAI.E PRICES:
Children's \ sixes, Vici Kid, - 6
Chiidren'V>'lies.' B.oi" oiir.' 8^to
wBa T^^Sj w\ ' . Oil w w
mm ' , v£fi$f%&^
YICI KID CUBAN 1 HEELS.
The, kind we guarantee to wear,
and very: handsome In design.
Ladies' Fine Vlci Kid Lace Shoes,
made with' stylish coin toes and
patent 1 tips, flexible sewed soles
and'high. Cuban heels; they come
in f either '- bright • kid tops or ; dull
mat *kid tops, ' and either full
' straight foxings or. circular vamps
with' heel foxings. Sizes 2% to
S Widths B to E. -Regular $2.00
and $2.50 values. OTIS SAXS
PRICE . . . • • • • • • • • •> •••SI. 55
WEAK WATEBFBOOF ALAS-
KA SEAL SHOES, FORMERLY
hot.h FOB 84.00 AND 35.00. OTJB
PRICE QNI.vl.S3.0O and S3.5O
¦ Our new winter stock of. Over-
gaiters and Leggings has just; ar-'
-rlvecL"-.", Special -,, Sale this - week.-
LadiesV Fine Quality Black . Cloth
Over-gaiters, made - with > seven
: buttons '¦' and 1 adjustable straps.-.
Siisos 2 .to --7.I-- SALE PRICE, A
PAIR [-:.'. . . .....:.. ... .... ..25c
HAIL OBDEBS FILLED.
B. KATSCHINSK!
1O THIBD ST., San Francisco.
"Let the f^J , /W£k
GOLD -pi <i^
DUST _3==4_ m®*£P
and avoided by everyone about the household'
£f©£,H. ES&&T
makes it seem like play. It cuts the dirt and grease, lessens the work
fully one-half and makes the dishes far brighter and cleaner. Try Gold
Dust once and you'll never be without it in your kitchen.
OTHER GENERAL I Scrubbing floors, washing clothes and dishes, dear.foff wood-
USES FOR I work, otl doth, silverware and tir. ware, polishing brass work,
GOLD OUST I : cleansing bath room, pipes, etc.. and making tho bncs: soft soap.
Made by THE N. K. FA1RBANK COMPANY, Chkajro-Makers ol FAIRY SOAP.
GOLD DUST makes hard water soft
T- ¦¦•-¦¦--¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ - . ¦ . • . .-Townsend's California Glace frulta In
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.»
i Special information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men to th.
Press Clipping Bureau (Allena); ¦'&¦&£,
iforala street TeUohane Mala ifllx •
A very graceful form . of .wrap which
will ' be seen a good - deal - during the
winter season is known in Paris as the
pelisse Russe. It consists of a 'straight
coat ; reaching about eight 'inches below
the ;'. waist, below V which" it Js put into
deep folds. ¦ The seahi between the skirt
and 'body portion! is hidden' by "a, broad
band of i velvet, and . the same ¦ decora
tion.":outlines\the'*wide • 'pagoda sleeves.
The front is distinguished by long" stole.
$haped ,'revers,% which ' are richly orna
mented .with motifs : of ; passementerie
and j cords 'and tassels, j which also ap
pear'on the velvet epaulettes ¦ which
head the; sleeves. : As * a . rule ' this • par^
ticular style ' of , coat Is \ carried out ; in
the ':; richest ; velvet or r satin and * lined
withT.white or, dellcately,'tlnted broche^--
Philadelphia : Record.;- - : „
GRACEFUL WRAP.
,-.'• "So for six months my diet has been
nothing but grass. Now I am in per
fect physical" condition. I never." all, I
feel strong, = and warm,, and 'fresh, and
1 Have forgotten what it . Is _to have a
headache. Besides I am unaffected by
the meat strike."
"Senor," he said In Spanish, taking a
mouthful of what remained in the large
tureen, "I am a Spaniard. I went to
Cuba from Spain fifteen years ago. Be
fore I was long on the Island my
health gave out.
Vt.'Starve yourself,' said my- physician.
•Eat potatoes,* said he; 'eat potatoes.'
I grew sick of potatoes. 'Then chew
grass,* said the doctor; 'nice clean
grass, and drink water.*.
His story is corroborated by the peo
ple with whom, he lives. He himself
accentuated this tale by eating about
a quart of fresh grass for the "gentle
men of the press" out of a two-quart
soup tureen.
- Senor Eusebio Santos, a Spaniard liv
ing In Brooklyn, thrives on a diet of
grass alone— just plain, ordinary grass,
which he plucks in the park with his
own hands- His only drink is water.
. , With . Kuroki Watson hanging upon
its fiaitks arid : harassing it ."dally iwith"
dashing ¦ attacks, arid with ; Kuropatkin
Bryan •* heading -• for \ the 'silver country,
the reorganized Z Democracy,',' does * not
know whether it Is 4 advancing or re-
Ireating.— New ''¦ . York'*. Tribune.'; ' " • -L
v . The Colorado has proved herself to be
the swiftest ; armored cruiser afloat, and
it ¦ \?is ' not ; surprising, ; therefore.^ that
Dewey shag requested : . her. for his : flag-;
ship .during the winter* maneuvers. ';'; In
matters \ naval /nothing lessVthan t the'
bestj satisfies' iDewey, ¦ and ; thejAriiprican
people] want; his I pennant ftp Afloat over
"tb e ; hp.stl— Ne w ¦• YorV ,TH bu no. '¦ : .
The simple regimen: at Sing, Sing is
believed to have* saved the life i of , "Al"
Adams', ¦ the "policy king." This' ought
to 1 ' encouraged the public" ito"; send some
other /men- of the Adams •* class to that
noted health ; resort— New ':- York Trib
une. - JttBBKSjjjfiliS • -
Watson is impartial: in hitting, heads,
but hejisfat I' 1 his! best'; .when* raining
blows on the Esopus "Sphinx."— New
York Tribune. - - :
' If "Elijah" Dowie really- goes- up In
an airship _ a lot • of mean persons will
hope for a suspension of -that old -rule
that ."All • that goes up must -come
do wn."- Washington ) Post.
'"The prospect that Alton* B. ; Parker
will be the .next President of 'the Unite'd
State,", says the Albany - Argus, -"steadi-j
ly ;' and " visibly improves." A marked
»:opy of 'the Argus ought to '¦ be : sent* to
Mr. Bryan. ' He needs "cheering ":, up.—
Chiracs Tribune. ':"'¦-"¦': :/• --'¦"'¦•'¦ '"¦
, Although John L. Sullivan is now on
the water wagon there has' been no un
usual excitement over the fact at Can
didate Swallow's headquarters.—Atlan
ta Journal. . j
Russia's Baltic squadron is ' now
afloat and it \ is up to/the Japs 'to
show how long it will; be permitted
to remain there.- — Milwaukee Wiscon
sin! ¦ ' ' . / ¦ ;¦';. ' ¦'¦-'¦;."¦' •'- '. '.•-.'•
The : winning of the championship by
the Bostonswas a vegetarian : victory.
Beans defeated tenderloin^— Chicago
Tribune. ,
HE LIVES ON GRASS.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S note to the powers, proposing a
second peace conference at The Hague, has met with a
favorable response from the nations. The President has wisely
chosen the time to move forward" toward the future peace of .the
world and redflce the chances of war. The British-Russian arbitra
tion is an object lesson, which will cause this second conference to
eclipse the first by extending greatly the issues that may be with
honor submitted to arbitration.
The rate of progress toward peace may be estimated by the
fact that ten years ago the British public would not have tolerated
the submission of the North Sea affaiu to arbitration.^ Even as late
as our Spanish war, .which was really caused by the sinking of the
Maine, the American people would have hooted an i administration
that would have suggested arbitration. It is \ not \ forgotten that the
American branch of the Universal Peace Society was compelled
to retire from public .view and conceal itself because it exchanged
notes with the Spanish branch, looking ,-. to a peaceful solution of
the issues that soon culminated in war.
Another fact is of the greatest interest. Peace is made by
soldiers. Grant was, a man of peace and promoted it, though the
greatest soldier of the age. President Roosevelt has served ; his
country in arms, has taken part in war and is accused by his
enemies of loving war, but he becomes the instrument of a great
movement toward the world's peace and permanent tranquillity.
When the International Peace Congress waited on him in Wash
ington and received his assurance; that he would call this seronr*
KISSING BUG — Subscriber. Sacra
mento, Cal. The cornenose, or "kiss
ing bug,"- is a bug of the predatory
family Reduviride, called giant bug In
the Southern United States, where it is
a pest in houses. It Is three-quarters
of an inch long, black with red patches
on the side, of the thorax at the base
and apex of the wing covers and bands
on the side of the abdomen. The young
much resemble bedbugs, to which they
are allied, and at all ages are fierce
biters and bloodsuckers*, preying upon
Insects and attacking sleeping persons
and animals. The bug seems to breed
in the nests of mice and the insects
are prevalent in the Mississippi Valley
and In the^troples. The name "assas
sin bug" has been given to the whole
family by Comstock by- reason of their
cannibalism and rapacity, and to cer
tain species, especially Mealnollstes
and Reduviride* personat us. which were
specially abundant In the Eastern
States during the kissing bug excite
ment of the summer of 1898.
THE PRESS "OF THE NATION.
A SECOND PEACE CONFERENCE.
:V.jA dainty dressing gown is a necessity
for a woman of taste; it may be. quite
charming and elegant without losing its
useful character. There .was a; time
when .there was little choice between
the frivolous peignoir fand the uncom
promisingly hideous or gaudy \ striped
garment, but in these days of beautiful
and inexpensive fabrics there is no ex
cuse for any, one- to wear unbecoming
colors. "Something serviceable" means
to many people chiefly an absence of
color.- A deep, rich 'shade, h6wever,
looks clean and fresh much longer, than
a nondescript' or dingy hue.-. The pre
vailing'color of the bedroom should 'be
taken into" consideration when choosing
a j dressing gown. It if no more trouble
to choose the right* shade and secure a
harmony in your room." A simple gown
of fine, serge or amazon cloth, with a
border of galloon, is pretty and is .very
easily-made.; .
PEDDLERS— H. S., City. There la
an ordinance of the Board of Super
visors of San Francisco which says:
"It shall be unlawful for any ped
dler or person pretending to be a ped
dler, for the purpose of selling or pre
tending to sell any goods, wares or
merchandise, or any article, material
or substance, to ring the bell or knock
at the door of any residence, dwelling
or building, whereon the sign bearing
the words 'No Peddlers' is printed, or
afflxed*or exposed to public view- Any
person violating any of the provisions
of this ordinance shall be guilty of .'a
misdemeanor and upon conviction
thereof shall be • punished by a fine not
exceeding $500 or by imprisonment In
the County Jail for not more than six
months, or by both such fine and im
prisonment."
In many cases, where soft fabrics
like crepe de chine, velours and mous
sellne are being used, the. skirts will
be allowed to fall in long, straight folds
from waist to feet, the bodices being
also very simply but picturesquely ar
ranged with full folds coming from
the shoulders and crossing in front
under a deep waist belt of soft silk or
satin ribbon.
"Walking skirts will remain short and
full. There are those who »hint at a
lining of buckram in the hem, to be
succeeded by whalebone, with possibly
steel as a last resource. Between a
steel-stiffened skirt and ~*a crinoline
there is little difference.
Full skirts will be worn also in those
gowns that are intended for smart oc
casions, although the pleats and gath
ers will be more simply arranged than
hitherto, while flounces and frills will
be fewer in number.,
HOOPSKIRTS COMING.
ROOSEVELT CABINET— A. C. R..
City. The names of the members of
they Roosevelt ' Cabinet were published
in this department on October 26, 1904.
THE San Bernardino Chamber, of : Commerce '• has. officially con
demned' the proposition to authorize the issue, of $2,000,000 in
bonds to 'complete the San. Francisco seawall and pay y for it
out of its own revenues.; This action was .instigated by a. colonel
somebody who informed the chamber that it is a scheme ;to increase
the value of the ''vast estates ' in this town left by- C. P. ¦ Huritington
and James. Fair.. The only ••.estate in California leftby; Mr.Huntihg
ton was a town ilotin Berkeley. Mr. Fair's water-front; property is
not" near the proposed seawall, but lies on the north side "of the
city beyond Meiggs. wharf.' • '
It is surprising that business. men should be misled by such
prejudice. The chamber solemnly resolved that if the State- is going
into harbor improvements they must be made in - Southern Cali
fornia! The Scripture saith that afool may;be brayedin a mortar,
and his folly will not depart from him. No amount- of trituration
would do the San Bernardino Chamber of Gommerqe anyfgood. The
State is not going^to do anything to San Francisco harbor. It is not
going to do anything to the water ' front of this city. It is simply
going to give the water front -authority to i mprove « itself and pay
for ititselT. If the same sort of proposition is made in behalf of any
water front in : Southern; California, there is no man north of the
Tehachapi small enough' or, fool enough to oppose it.
VOTE : FOR' THE SEAWALL
INVESTMENTS— S.. Bakersfleld.
Cal. -This department does not advisa
any one as to "Hie best institutions in
which to invest "money."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DAINTY DRESSING GOWN
. Ribbon cuffs are a, novel feature of
some fine evening coats. .
A lovely creation in biscuit broad
cloth (it looks white in the evening)
shows -the very broad sleeves to be
gathered into correspondingly • broad
cuffs. And these cuffs are of ( ribbon.
Of the very broad ribbon but one width
is required, the pretty, : figured stuff
being draped down to a width of five
inches. In this way .. : nearly .three
fourths'- of a yard would ' be required
for each sleeve. The delicate: greens
and pinks are especially exploited on
the ivory grounds of these lovely rib
bons. Naturally, the - striking novelr
ties here suggested do not exhaust the
uses to which ribbon is-put, though the
others are not as surprising.
RIBBON CUFFS.
conference, the press of the country, and especially that ; part of
which opposes him politically, deprecated his proposition a'sall-timed,
on account of the war between Russia and Japan' < The President
was wise not to heed this i advice, 4 The present war furnishes an
argument against, war -that -has' impressed" the world, and the Presi
dent strikes at. the moment when his call for peace "is .sweetest in
the ears of all nations. " ' r " ; ' •. "
If California continue this policy, and the State of Washington
exempt American ships, we will see the benefits of Congressional
help go to Puget Sound, and they will not be /elt in San' Francisco.
This city and those around the bay and all on our coast should give
n unanimous vote to this amendment and carry it. Let our' own
flag be free in our own ports, as foreign flags are.
'"INHERE should be no opposition to the constitutional amend
f ment exempting American ships from State and municipal -tax-
A ation. The State of Washington, in behalf of the great ports
on Puget Sound, sought to effect this exemption by a statute. But
the Supreme Court ruled that it must be done by constitutional
amendment, and such amendment is now pending there and will bo
adopted next Tuesday.
It cannot be possible that Californians want to put the penalty
cf heavy taxation on the American flag in their seaports, while our
maritime rival removes it and leaves the flag free of penalty in its
seaports. Our ships compete for cargoes with foreign ships which
pay no State or municipal tax. When ours are burdened by that
exaction and foreign ships are free that competition is not on equal
terms. It would seem as though argument in the matter is unneces
sary.
The proposition is so plain a feature in the general policy of re
storing American shipping that its simple statement should be suffi
cient. Let it be remembered that after the amendment is adopted
the Legislature must provide for its operation by statute, and in
such statute every safeguard can be placed that will prevent improper
bestowal of the exemption. We should certainly make San Fran
cisco and all California ports as free to our own ships as they are to
vessels flying other flags. The equity of it is plain to all who choose
to see. American shipping interests are asking Congress to aid
in restoring the American merchant marine. Anything that Con
gress can do will be materially nullified by States which exact local
taxation from American ships.
COPTRIGHT. 1904. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW. YORK EVENING . MAIL.
EXEMPT THE SHIPS.
The dog Is a great pet and the family,
hoping to save its life, took it to a
veterinary surgeon. He recommended
that the animal be chloroformed to
death, but the owners would not agree
to this and urged that he save its life
and heal its limbs. The dog was put
under treatment and is now almost re
covered. A rubber foot is being made
and will be attached to the Injured
limb. It is expected the dog will have
almost as good use of its artificial foot
as of the original. > ,..
A rubber foot is being made for an
Evansville dog and before long the ani
mal for whom it is intended will be
able to put four feet on the ground.
Th3 dog belongs to -Jabez Woolley.
A short time ago he got in the way of
a streetcar and lost one whole front
foot and the toes of the other.
RUBBER FOOT FOR DOG.
Nut Cakes— Cream one-half cup of
butter and one-half cup of sugar to
gether, add two well-beaten egg yolks,
one-half cup of water, and one and a
half cups of flour sifted with two level
teaspoons of baking powder. Add the
stiffy beaten whites of two eggs and
one cup of floured nut meats. Bake In
small buttered patty pans.
French Chocolate — Break a square of
chocolate into small pieces, mix with
one-quarter cup of sugar and two ta
blespoonfuls of hot water; cook until
smooth. Heat four cups of milk In a
double boiler, and when at the scald
ing point add the chocolate mixture
and cook ten minutes. Beat a cup of
thick sweet cream, sweeten it a little
with powdered sugar and add ten drops
of vanilla flavoring. When the choco
late is poured into the cups put a
spoonful of the cream on each.
Potato Border — A potato border for
warmed-over meats or curry of mutton
makes it seem much more than if the
potatoes were served plain boiled. Cook
the potatoes in boiling salted water,
season well with butter, moisten a lit
tle with milk or cream, and fill a
buttered border mold. As soon as set
turn on to a dish that will stand the
heat of the oven for a few minutes.
Brush over with a beaten egg, set In
the oven to brown and fill with the
meat, fish, or whatever is to be served
in this way.
William Harper and Miss Peni Dur
ham, living near Centre Cross, Virginia,
were marriei recently, the Rev. Mr.
Kerford of the Baptist church officiat
ing.
Miss Durham had been bedridden
about fifteen years and for most, of the
time was unable to walk. Harper was
a widower, having married a sister of
Miss Durham. He felt a deep interest
in his sister-in-law and was frequently
a visitor to her house. A short time
ago Harper told Miss Durham. that if
she would get up and walk he. would
marry her. Thereupon she made art
effort and succeeded, taking her first,
step in years. She gained strength and
Mr. Harper led her to the altar.
The bride is about 35 years of age and
the groom 45.
OFFER TO WED CURES.
FOR THE TABLE.
•*^A? ROUND an apple's kernel-core of white
/l_\ I saw a, colored ring— mysterious sight —
tender pink; it formed a halo fine
As Nature's pencil only could design.
Is it the memory of , the roseate blush
That May had painted with her artist brush
Upon the hearts of myriad blossoms fair.
Which breathed their grateful souls upon the air?
Within a matron's heart still brigtly glows
A sacretf fire, of- which no mortal knows.
Is it the memory of her girlish love.
Which rises, incense-like, to heaven above?
That love unfolded in her spring of life.
When joys around her bloomed with promise rife:
Each blossom bore Love's tender roseate hue.
Now memory knows those colors to renew.
— Syracuse Post-StandarA
A SEMBLANCE.
President Roosevelt has no other course open than that which
he has taken. The infamous charge was against him personally. It
not only aimed at his private character, but put the President of all
the people in the attitude of a low and criminal conspirator, making
truck of the power of his orifice. His rejoinder clears the air. No
man in the country doubts the -absolute truthfulness of his state
ment, and none knows its truth better than the distinguished sland
erer whom it puts in the pillory. Judge Parker has disgraced him
self and degraded American politics. He has taken his own meas
ure and exposed his size to the whole country. He has humiliated
his party to such a degree that its vindication is possible only by
doing what the national committee has not the courage to do, by de
manding his resignation from the ticket. If this were done' the
party would prepare itself to step into popular confidence.
But it will not be done and self-respecting Democrats will have
no other way of vindicating their manhood than by helping swell
Roosevelt's majority, doing a patriotic service by making it plain
and emphatic that this country has never had a President capable of
the infamies invented and verbally peddled by Judge Parker. All
good citizens wish that the campaign could have closed without the
>hameful incident for which Judge Parker is responsible. He has
dignified Tom Watson and even Debs,* the Socialist, neither of
whom has walked in the wallow where he has chosen to wade.
NO President has ever been more mindful of the limitations and
proprieties of his office than President Roosevelt. Scarcely
any has been more virulently assailed with personal charges.
V\ r hcn he was charged with inciting the Panama revolution and was
dragged daily in the mud of denunciation by the Democrats in Con
gress, he sent all the papers, orders and facts in the matter to that
body, accompanied by a special message in which with admirable
self-restraint he said: "I hesitate to refer to the injurious, insinua
tions which have been made of complicity by this Government in
the revolutionary movement in Panama. They are as destitute of
foundation as of propriety. The only excuse for my mentioning
them is the fear lest Unthinking persons might mistake for acquies
cence the silence of mere self-respect." /
Now tha£ he is a candidate for the Presidency, he has been
subjected to an unusually slanderous attack from an entirely unex
pected source. If it had been made by a partisan pre^ss, or the
underlings who support Judge Parker, it would not have deserved
nor had his attention in a public way. But it had a higher source.
It came from the Presidential candidate of the Democratic party,
who has reiterated it in many speeches in which it was made a
leading feature, to the exclusion of matters of principle and policy.
Though the campaign has lacked in salient features that caught pub
lic attention, this conduct of Judge Parker's astounded the country.
He outdid the yellowest and most sensational of the Democratic
press. Even Colonel Watterson, whose affrighted soul . has seen
terrible visions, laid down his picturesque pen and quit the field as
a sensationaiist when Judge Parker entered it, charging the Presi
dent with engaging personally in a scheme to blackmail money for
campaign uses.
Not only this, but Parker charged that to the vile element of
blackmail was added the President's promise to his victims of im
munity in the commission of illegal acts in order to recoup them
selves for .the amounts he forced them to disgorge. No self-respect
ing man, and certainly no candidate for the Presidency, would make
such a charge in the. absence of proofs. Judge Parker had no
proofs. He was challenged to produce them and failed to do so.
He fell back upon the extraordinary proposition that the President
could do the thing charged, which was evidence that he had done
it! Suppose Judge Parker had been charged with horse stealing,
bigamy, forgery or any other statutory- crime, wath no proof except
that he could do it, and, therefore, had done it, -would not the coun
try have revolted against such campaign tactics? Yet his charges
against the President are of exactly that character, and their repeti
tion in one tirade after another has put him out of the company of
gentlemen.
**T^ T far the most interesting wom-J
Plan's club will be* the one to bej
*-^ organized in a nearby city, the j
members of which will be prohibited to
talk of servants, sickness or dress," she
said to her friend while taey were par
taking of their luncheon tn a local res
taurant. ; * .
The friend at first thought it was aj
Joke and laughed, but when she saw
that her companion was serious she
asked:
. "Will you please tell me what they
will talk about? I can't think of any- j
thing more interesting to women than,
that."
"I'm certain you did not mean that
statement. There are, a great many
other things women can talk abouV"
"Well, the poor women. Imagine how
they must feel when they have new
gowns on and they are just dying to
ask one another where they were made
and what the dressmaker said about
the material. Well. I should think that
I'd rather like to attend one of their
meetings."
"Well, I'm going to one of them and
I'll take you along. One of the pros
pective members told me tnat they ar
ranged an excellent programme, which
they will present as soon as the club is
formally organized."
"Did she tell you of what it con
sisted?"
"No, not exactly;, but I imagine it
"Oh, I know these can be made fun
of, but the idea of these women Is to
show the general public that they can
talk about 'other things besides dress,
sickness and servants. They have
probably been tormented about their
conversation, and I should not be sur
prised if they would in time organize
a political study club Just to spite the
men. It may probably cure them of
teasing the women again."
. "Well, one thing I can tell you, that I
feel .very sorry for the husbands of
these^ women. I am certain that th»
club will not meet with as much suc
cess as the members will like it to. I
wish them luck."— Newark Advertiser.
will be about book3, travel and sights
they have seen."
"How In the world they will be able
to refrain from talking about the
heroine of a book, who probably wears
beautiful gowns, or about various
women they have seen while traveling
I can't understand. There are various
ways of talking about dress, servants
and sickness. I once heard a woman
talk about medicine and disease in such
a manner that it would have convulsed
a statue. Don't you know it isn't the
subject that matters half so much as
the manner of its treatment? Then.
again. I heard a woman talk about her
cook in a way that would have been
good enough to tell before a large audi
ence and have it convulsed with
laughter."
ROOSEVELT'S REJOINDER.
THE TIGER'S TURN NOW.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPUKCKKLS-. Proprle7o7
ADDRESS AIJ. COMMUNICATIONS TO ,,„„„.-,..
joiix mcxaugiit. <^Zll — y.i^r
rr^ILICATIOX OFFICE THIRD AXD MARKET. STREETS. SAX FRANXISCO
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 6, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, " SUNDAY, .NOVEMBER 6, 1904;
WOMAN'S CLUB MEMBERS
WILL REFRAIN FROM
TALKING ABOUT DRESS
22cided. I wud get out iv that onhappy spot
at wanst — ncx' year some time. I wud lave
thim onhappy people to bask in their own
wretchedness.' he says, 'as soon a.?, they
ar-re in condition to be, free, which may be
riiver/ he says. 'As f r th' rest iv me views,'
he £ays. 'what d'ye want?' An' there ye
ar-re. . Wuddcn't that fire th' heart iv anny
Dimmycrat? Wudden't it almost fire th'
heart out? I tellye, Hinnissy. that if ye
wud not see this counthry overrun 'with
cormorant thrusts an' Dimmycratic thrusts
without a coat to their backs, if ye love
ye'er counthry betther thin ye'er party an'
ye'er a Dimmycrat, ye'll vote f'r Alton B.
Parker, th' people's choice — nearly.
"I will lightly skip over th* other candy
dates. Thomas H. • Watson, th' candydate
iv th' Popylist party, is in th' race to stretch
his legs an' improve his voice. It is doin*
him good an' he will get th' Popylist vote,
as well as his own. Eugene V. Debs, th*
Socylist candydate, stands a good chance if
somebody don't get out an injunction again
him. I raymimber him kindly." because it
was through him that me frind, Grover
Cleveland, was injooced to sind some Swede
sojers to shoot at me whin I wint f'r me
mornin' sthroll in th' Stock Yards. If Debs
is ilicted all th' money in the wurruld will
be divided among th' people, .afther Wall
street has been helped. If yc vote f r Debs
ye vote f r a good man, an' I will sometimes
call on ye whin ye are not vi'ient. I will
on'y refer briefly to Ransom X. Swallow,
the Prohybitionist candydate, hence th*
name."
"Ye needn't go on," said Mr. Hennessy.
"Well, that's all I have to say." said Mr.
Dooley. "Ye have all th' faxts. Act ac
cordin'ly. On'y raymimber in markin' ye'er
ballot that if yethry* to vote Fr Debs fr
Prisidint an' th' Prohybitionist candydate
f'r Vice Prisidint. whose name escapes me
f'r th' moment an' I hope longer, ye are
HT>le to. break th' pencil."
''How ar-re ye* goin' to vote?" asked Mr.
Hennessy.
"That," said Mr. Dooley, "is between me
an' me conscience, an' I'm not sure I'll aven
tell me conscience this year."
Copyright, 1904, by McClure, Phillips & Go.
WRITTEN pOFt THE GALL BY F. P. DUNNE.
\ \ 7 ELL> " said Mr * H€n "
\ /% / ncssy, "It's almost here."
XJ \j "What's that?" asked
"iliction day," said
"Oh, so it is." said Mr. Dooley. "To be
sure. I'd clane f'rgotten. It's ayether here
or it's just past, or something. Well, what
about it? D'ye want me advice?"
"I do not." said Mr. Hennessy.
'I thought not." said Mr. Dooley. "An'
ye don't need anny. No wan does. A man
makes up his mind how he's goin' to vote
about th' time his father was born an' niver
changes it onless he is indepindant, an' thin
he spoils his ballot or thries to vote in th'
wrong ward. Nevertheless, Hinnissy, I'm
poin' to give ye th' binifit iv me advice. I'll
give it to ye if 1 have to lock th' dure an'
throw ye down on th' flure. What's pol
ljtical advice f'r if it's not to be given? I
have more iv it thin I can use. I've been
sccumylatin' it f'r years.
'"In th' first place, ye can't make a mis
take. Th' issues ar-re clearly marked.
There are none. All th' candydates are fear
less, pathriotic, conscientious, willin', good,
poor fellows, fr'm what they tell me. Th'
counthry wud be betther off if anny wan iv
thim is ilicted or defeated. Th' counthry
wud be betther off no matter what hap
pened. It's a betther off kind iv a counthry,
annyhow. I know yc have it in ye'er mind
to save it, but, ppeakin' f'r th' counthry. I
wish to say here an' now that ye needn't
bother about throwin' it anny life pre
sarvers. Th' counthry. me boy, is swimmin'
on its back, smokin' a seegar and havin' th'
time iv its life. Anny wan who tries to save
this counthry is in f'r a good lickin'. So,
me fellow-citizens, ye can go to th' liv'ry
stable or barber shop, whichiver temple th r
Goddess of Liberty has choose in ye'er pre
cinct, an' vote with certainty that yc have
not sthruck a fatal blow at ye'er beloved
counthry. Go into that sacred an' smelly
c-jpboord. seize th' pencil firmly in ye'er
hand, make a little prayer f'r guidance,
shut ye'er eyes an' jab at th' ballot. Ye'er
IN A TALK ABOUT THE ELECTION NEXT TUESDAY MR. DOOLEY GIVES LIBERAL ADVICE TO VOTERS OF COUXTRY
instincts will detarmine where th' pencil
will land. Ye* can't go wrong, even if th'
vote is counted. In fact, Hinnissy. ye wua
be doin' nawthun' that wud make George
Wash'nton or Abraham Lincoln. mad it ye"
didn't vote at all. Fear nawthun'. If th'
counthry thought ye cud injure it, do ye
think we'd let yc vote? '• •
"On th' ballot ye will find rwinty candy
dates f'r th' highest office in th' gift iv th'
American people, except County Threas-.
urcr. I can raymimber five rnesilf.
"Thaydore Rosenfelt, th' Republican
candydate f'r th' Dimmycratic vote, was*
born iv an' ol' Quaker fam'ly. Arly in life
he sowed his Quaker Oats, but nawthin'
come iv it. He was idjacated at Harvard-
College, where th' kicks come, fr'm. an' at
th' age iv 14 he entered pollytics. Th' list
iv kilt an' injured was published at th' time.
In pollytical life he endeared himsilf to all
be his quiet manner an' ca'm judgment* to
such an extint that th' leaders iv his party
were ondecided whether they ought to
make him Vice Prisidint or merely dhrown'
him. They chose th' former, because he
cud swim. Be superb statesmanship in that v
lofty but reniote station he txecome Prisi
dint iv this here nation. With his recent
histhry ye ar-re familyar, Hinnissy. JSo am
I. So" is he. I will not speak further iv it.
He is issintually a man iv peace, devoted
to his fam'ly an' cxtramely' fond iv his
books. Durin' th' Spanish "war he sarved
his counthry as a thrained nurse. • batin' ¦
Clara Barton to th' top iv San Joon Hill.
He is th' author iv th' cillybrated saying':
'Pericarditus alive or Rassely dead,' which
was aftherward changed . to 'Pericarditis
alive f'r fifty, thousan' or Rassely dead
broke.' • His motto is. 'I mean no harm.'
His fav'rite spoort is twinty questions. His
fav'rite pets, are th' bird iv peace an' th'
round robin. If ye vote f'r Thaydore Rosen
felt ye need not fear that ye'er act will em
broil or fry this counthry in a Europeen
*toar. He won't need it. He is f'r peace at
anny price, on'y'th' iliction expinses may be
so heavy he may not have th' price. If ye'er
vote is f'r all that an American holds dear,
f'r honor, f'r manhood, f'r the high ideels
REV. WILLIAM RADER.
list, the table pig, the man who never
behaves in public places, whether- 1 in
a hotel or a church. It may be seen
in the fellow who easily loses his tem
per and "sasses back," in the many
painful evidences of a lack of self-re
lance and self-control.
It may be seen in the ill breeding
of women who are Ignorant of taste
in dress and in the social expressions
of real intelligence.
' "Ladyhood is an emanation from
the heart subtilized by nature." To
hear a pretty girl laugh and talk with
painful loudness, to see the evidences
of vulgarity in dress and manner, is to
lead to the conviction that training in
behavior was neglected in the home,
or the school, or the social circle.
Behavior has to do not only with
society, but with life. It is just as
necessary to be polite in business as
it is in society. Many, a man is a bear
in the »one and a Chesterfield in the
other. Quoting Emerson again: "The
highest compact we can make with
our fellow, is, 'Let there be truth be
tween us two forevermore.' "
Our culture will be open to the
charge of superficiality until it per
meates behavior in the drawing-room,
the streetcar, the theater, the funeral*
the wedding and business. Worship
itself Is behavior. It Is being polite to
God. It is a proper behavior in the
presence of the Eternal. The first
school of politeness is v the home; ' It
is a question whether children who
are impolite at home will ever be
trained in grace of courtesy outside
of the home. I plead, then, for the
cultivation of a, courtesy which
smoothes down the wrinkles of busi
ness turmoil, oils the machinery of
trade and helps men to live together
as brethren, not as beasts. I plead
for the old, simple virtues of the lady
and gentleman, not for elaborate
adornment and superficial culture, but
for the genuine cultivation of the true,
good breeding are equally necessary
to make you welcome rnd agreeable
in conversation and common life."
Politeness to the English people is
a custom. Because It is a custom it
sometimes loses its influence. The
barber furnishes his shave and. the
waitress her service with a conven
tional but certainly effective "Thank
you." If you were to strike a cock
ney on the nose he would probably
reply with a "Thank you." Naturally
it was an Englishman Who said of
Christ: "He was the first true gentle
man that ever lived." Politeness is
kindness of manner; it is art and re
ligion in one. It was Goldsmith who
said of Johnson that he had nothing
of- the bear about him Lat his skin.
To be a gentleman is to be a Chris
tian, for manners are simply the char
acter turned inside out. The manners
of a people may be seen in the in
dividual, in the toothpick man, the
spitting man, the streetcar monopo-
phian, but the robust man of the
¦Western plains, uncultivated - but
rugged; not refined as to expression
in social life, but with a big, warm,
manly heart. 1 He is as manly as the
swift pony he rides. However, it is well
to hold to the general rule that the
manners of a people reflect the spirit
and character of that people. A scholar
may or may not be refined. Some
scholarship is like raw sugar — it has
never gone through the refining pro
cess. Once I took tea with one of;
the great men of the worU. Fancy
my surprise when he poured his tea
i::to the saucer and supped it up like
a child. That little act illustrated his
character and gave me entrance into
a strangely mixed personality.- The
basis of good manners is character
which has been touched with culture.
Chesterfield somewhere writes: "As
learning, honor, virtue, afc absolutely
necessary to gain you the esteem and
admiration of mankind, politeness and
ARE the American people im
polite? This is a question
often asked by travelers,
who, coming in contact with
the people of other and older
nations, are tempted to draw com
parisons not always favorable to the
American people. Doubtless the
older section of the world are better
behaved than the newer communities.
This is true in our own country, but
it does not follow that where men
arc better behaved they are more vir
tuous. It is a rule, but notv without
its exceptions, that manners indicate
the man. They are the thermometer
of character, the outward expression
of the moral nature, but sometimes,
as Emerson says, "they form at last
a rich varnish with which the routine
of life is washed, and its details
adorned." The strongest type -of
American has the poorest manners.
He is v not your well-dressed New
Yorker, nor your pretty Philadel-
BY THE REV. WILLIAM RADER, Pastor of the Third Congregational Church.
THE MANNERS OF A PEOPLE
forty-flve, varying in amount. from $500
to $125,000 and aggregating $550,000.
Significant it is that the twenty-nine
.gifts for endowments— many being pre
sented : in the lifetime and' others
through a will— make a total of $693,000.
It is beginning ' to be generally under
stood that in order that the " public
library may accomplish its 'highest
purpose as an educative force In the
community, it must have permanent
funds of its own. Taxation has its
limits in every city and so pressing
and so Imperative are municipal prob
lems and school extensions , in every
growing place that the. library has its
appropriation not - infrequently ¦ trim
med , down^ to but lit' le above' starva
tion ; point. The higher institutions of
learning could not exist were it not for
their endowments. The "people's uni
versity," as the public library is often
termed, needs a like assured support.
With this rapid glance at what the
whole country is doing for, free- librai
rles, it is in order to Inquire what is
California's' record of single * in
dividual or organization dona
tions, as shown by this t
ican Library" Association report?
But little space will be required for. the
answer. Excepting the additional gift
of $15,000 from Andrew B. McCreery'for
the completion of ; a , branch library, in
San Francisco, and • with the further
exception of twelve Carnegie -gifts
amounting , to $135,000, there are but
three offerings recorded. One of these
was of $500 from Louis Einstein, to the
Library to be expended for
books; another of $850 from the Santa
Cruz Improvement Society to the Santa
"Cruz Library, and the . third of $1000
from Nelson Carr to the Santa Rosa
library The reported individual gifts'
of money or property to California free
libraries in 1903 : were likewise three in
number, while in 1902 there . was \ but
one, exclusive of the < -.rnegier bestow
ments. ; ""* r
It can hardly be denied 1 that ' this
record of j-'indlyidual gifts throughout
the State of California is insignificant,
especially when ; it Is remembered '' that
a generous stranger has given to* Cali
fornia within- the last twelve months
more than fifty tlmet . much. ; . :
What then is the reason for this lack
of 'liberality? Is it because California
la poor? The \ long list of ." prosperous
cities arid counties havingfbut 'moder
ate indebtedness and a vision of "an as
sessed valuation for the* whole State of
more than one and ; a quarter billions
of dollars forbids this -suspicion. Is'it
because ¦ Californians are ¦ not ; of gener
ous nature? Perish the Idea!
.. Glance . ct the ¦; Ions line , of . gifts be-
stowed on parks in *the large cities, on
churches and societies, and the frequent
moderate sized sums and the princely
benefactions conferred upon schools,
colleges and universities, and there is
no room for such a doubt. One of the
State's prominent men has Justly writ
ten, "The Calif ornian" loves his State
because his State loves hint, and he rei
turns her ; love with a fierce affection
that men' of other regions are slow : •
understand." ~ : Seeking further for the
reason of this , general apathy in the
extension : of public ; libray equipment,'
may, it not be found in the_^ failure to
grasp the true Idea of the public libra
ry as an : elevating. . refining power in
our modern life? - Does the great public
yet ' broadly/ understand that the free
library Is one of the four mighty forces
that ; are so , wondrously leavening .and
advancing civilization— the , press, the
puipit, the school, the library? When
this view is realized In. all its breadth
there will be a - change, and men and
women of moderate means, as well as
those ; of ; wealth, . will glady : present
their offerings to forward this imper^
ishable influence for / the uplifting !of
mankind.
An example of ; what is realized
when these large views'- prevail * may
be in the financial T exhibit of the
public ' library Boston. At different
periods i -about - thirty, donations ; of
amounts from $100 to $100,000 have
been given to this library, so that the
city of Boston is now the holder of
nearly $400,000 of trust funds for this
purpose. The income thus
realized is of almost incalculable value
in promoting the Intellectual and
moral life of that community:
It is gratifying to know that the San
Francisco Public Library has already
received one gift of *500 and two gifts
each of $1000, to be held In trust. The
liberality of holders of wealth in San
Francisco is certain to find expression
hereafter through' many more 'dona
tions to this • library. Of the smaller
libraries of California the Marysville
Jibrary has thus far profited .most
from remembrances through bequests.
This library has had at least five or six
legacies. of $1000 each from residents
who have known of the difficulties it
has encountered and , have thus been
willing to extend permanent help. In
this particular direction of the acquisi
tion by libraries of ' bequests members
of the legal profession can occasionally
render the finest assistance, for many
a testator when drafting his will de
sires suggestions as to appro ved ¦ pub
hcp beneficiaries.
'-The impulses of women's clubs alsp
are invariably exerted in behalf of
generous* contributions to public
libraries ' and in many localities "¦> no
other Influence is so strong In their
maintenance as well as their organiza
tion. Library clubs and library asso
ciations are each year finding larger
opportunities for service. The press,
too, ia the firm friend of the public
library and no worthy effort for its
welfare falls of its notice. Its readi
"ness to chronicle every donation ia of
great assistance in the cultivation of
the spirit of giving.
As a concluding suggestion it may
not be inappropriate to refer to the
need of establishment of a. branch
library in San Francisco somewhere
in the neighborhood of McAllister am 1
Fillmore streets. The nearest branch
libraries to this locality are respective
ly on Sacramento street, near Fill
more, and on Noe street, near Market.
This distance is so gTeat as to render
them unavailable to many Intervening
residents. Messrs. Fhelan and Mc-
Creery have provided the city with two
beautiful branch library buildings. Is
there another citizen who will recog
nize in the opportunity of erecting a
third one a privilege that may not be
lightly esteemed? Or It may be pos
sible that some of the women'* clubs,
those organizations which are con
stantly wrestling with knotty prob
lems and which seem to take supreme
satisfaction in "accomplishing the im
possible, may lead the way in such an
effort.
WHY are not Californians
individually generous to
free public libraries? Is
it true that the;- are
not? For answer let ex
amination be made of
report of gifts and bequests ren
dered to the American Library As
sociation tor the year ending May
21. 1304. This body has Just held
its annual conference at St Louis,
October 17-22, and before it was pre
sented the most complete account ob
tainable of the late library donations.
Because of Epace limitations this re
port does not quote gifts of less than
IVfO. By the eaid report it appears that
the gifts of the year in the United
States to free public libraries alone, ex
clusive of the Carnegie donations of
$1,500,000. amount to $2,282,000. These
came from 110 single individual givers
or families uniting in single gifts. The
sums given range from $500 to $300,000,
¦and have been bestowed chiefly for the
purchase of library sites, for the erec
tion of building* and for endowments.
Xo account is taken in this article of
scores of other valuable gifts of rare
books, maps, manuscripts, paintings,
portraits, natural history collections,
collections of minerals and coins, an
tique docks and memorial windows
which have been presented to public
libraries. This article also disregards
all mention of numerous donations to
societies, schools, colleges and univer
sities, which swell the total sura given
in twelve months to American libraries
of all descriptions to 137,318 volumes,
and of money contributed to $6,103,137.
, Some of the ififts to public libraries
are of almost priceless worth because
of their rarity, as, for instance, a pre
sentation to the . library In Suffleld,
Conn.,* of 2000 volumes comprising one
of the richest antiquarian libraries in
that State. Another of 531 volumes re
lating to the history of Indiana, pre
sented to the public library at Indian
apolis, is said to be the most valuable
on this subject in existence.
* Ten of the donations are for memo
rial library buildings, and they vary
from $3500 to $70,000. It is interesting to
trace the development of this desire to
perpetuate an honored family name by
linking it with ah institution which is
so powerful for human uplifting anu
happiness. Not a year passes in which
the name of father, mother, husband,
wife, son or daughter is not thus ten
derly handed down- to: future . periods.'
California has but one memorial free
library building— the Beale Memorial
Library at Bakersfleld, erected in mem
ory of General Edward F. Beale. -
The • reported number of bequests of
money and property for the year is
Small List .of Donations to California Institutions for Year Ending May 1904.
GIFTS TO PUBLIC LIBRARIES
Scales are now made of such fine ad
justment that they, will weigh^ th©
smallest hair plucked from the 'eye*
brow. They are triumphs of mechan
ism and are inclosed in glass cases.
The glass case has a sliding door, and
as soon as the weight is placed In the
balance the door slides down. The bal
ances are cleared and made ready for
further use by pressing a button, which
slightly raises the beam. Two pieces
of paper, of equal weight can he placed
on the scales, and an autograph writ
ten in pencil on either piece will cause
the other side to ascend and the needle.
which indicates the division of the
weight even to the millionth part of a
pound or less, win move from its per
pendicular. '
Weighiog an Autograph
moral nature expressed in manners
both gracious and good. Such a cul
ture is not likfe the polish on the shoe,
but like the gleam of a precious stone
struck through 'and through with aa
arrow of silver light.
THE * SAN FRANCISCO: CALL:^SUNDAY, NOMEMBER -6/; Jiofc
. SWALLOW—^"1 will on'y refer briefly: to Ransom
K. Swallow, th' Prohybitionist candydate, hence th' name."
DEBS~~" Eugene V. Debs, the Socylist candydate;
stands a good chance if somebody don't get outan injunction
again him;'";; ; ¦../.-. . j .
WA TSfQAf-T"Thomas K. Watson, th' candydate iv th'
Pdpylist' -party, is in th' race to stretch his legs anl improve his
voice. .It is 'doih' ;him good an' he will -get ' th' Popylist vote as
well as his own:" ; * - ¦_ ;
PARKEF?~" Alton, Blank Parker was nommynated
be th' Dimrnycrats to capture th'~ Raypublican vote, which
sthrangely enough, has not been 'consistently: dimrnycratic in
past years. : -A At th' arly:/ age , iy fif ty£ Judge f Y: he" it is",
appeared ¦ on th^'pbllytical horyzon' an' since thin. for
six months atjeast'rie i has steadily grown on bntil now he is
beginnin' to -talk an' has all his teeth but; riot so many^ashis
opponent or so few'as his companyon on th' Dimmycrat ticket."
7?OQS
felt, 'ye^need; not ;fear^
counthry in, a; Europeen war^vHp won't: need- it. : He. is \fr
peace at' anny price, on'y th' iliction expinses" rnayjbe soheayy
he may. not have ; th' price. - If ye'erryote .is f'r all : that an
American 'holds'dear, f'r honpr^f'rm
iv cityzenshjp, - ye'll vote : V r^Jh^dore^'Rosenfelt. :¦ : But- he'll
take'it ayehif it isn't. ta^ anyjkindivvote;"
MR. DOOLEY'S ESTIMATE
OF THE
PRINCIPAL CANDIDATES.
iv cityzenship..* ye'll vote f'r Thajdore
Rosenfelt. But he'll takc.it aven if it isn't.
He'll take anny kind iv vote. '~y A # " ' . "
"Alton Blank Parker was nommynated
be th' Dimmycrats to capture th' Raypubii
can vote, which, sthrangely enough, has not
been" consistently dimmycratic in past
years. At th 1 arly age iv so. Judge Parker,
f'r he it is, suddenly appeared on th' pollyti
cal horyzon. an' since thin, f'r six months
at least, he has steadily grown, ontil now
he is beginnin' to talk an' has all his teeth,
but not so rrianny as his opponent or so few
as his companyon on th': Dimmycrat ticket.
Judge Parker's candydacy was first heard in
a whisper, which soon swelled into a roar
fr'm Willum Jennings Bryan. He is a
manly, courageous: man, as his goold tilly
gram wud tend to show. It r-read as fol
lows: 'Boys, if ye've nommynated me an'
there's no backin' out. I'm irrevocably solid
f'r th' goold standard.' Judge Parker is a
frind iv th' wurrukin' man. an*" numbers
such labor leaders as August Bilmont an'
George Foster Peabody among his closest
assocyates. He rayceives thim often as
they "" come up in their overalls fr'm th'
bank. Manny people ar-re opposin' him
because they think he is a man iv too de
cided opinyons, an' wan who. if ilicted. wud
plunge th' counthry into a great an' disas
trous sleep. I won't go that far. While I
think, Hinnissy, he prob'bly exceeds th'
bounds iv caution, ye must raymimber that
he is*a young man. an' that his judicyal
thrainin' has made him a little teeny mite
radical. I'm sure ivry Dimmycrat heart
was fired be his utthrances las' week. 'I am.'
says he. 'irrevocably f'r a goold standard,
but wud sind best regards to Willum Jen
nings Bryan, he- says." 'I denounce thj tariff
as acrool an' un-American nicis*sity.' he
says. 'I abomynate th' thrusts. Oh. if I
had wan here now — I wu.dden't do a thing
to it. But there ar-re good thrusts an' bad
thrusts. - I wud not desthroy thim. What
good wud that do? I wud coax thim.' he
says. 'I wud tache thim to ate out iv th'
hand. If they et th' hand, that wud be their
mistake,' he says. 'As f'r me views on th'
Ph'lippeens,' he says, 'they ar-re very de-
23ditions, "on* the Conservative^side. He
urged Sir "William to give up his radi- [
ca.1 ideas.
"You've ; got the land," replied Sir
William laughingly, "and you'll ; stick
to it, and I shall stick to my . ideas."
Stick to them he did, and they "carried
him ; far— to the" Chancellorship of the
Exchequer and \ the leadership of his
party t in the House of Commons. And
ultimately the land ca'rne to him) too.
\ Behlrjd that lies a sad romance. .When
Colon'el-Harcourtdiea— he and Sir Wil
liam' despite their political differences
were ; the roest of friends— the estate
passed to his only. soh.\ Aubrey ... Har
court. When a young man this" son had j
been engaged "to a young'lady of great I
beauty' and 'intellect, Miss Llddell' a j
daughter/ of '• Dean Llddell of Oxford. |
The' wedding day had 'been fixed, but
i within, a. few. hours of the time that the !
ceremony was, to .take, place 1 she 'sick- I
ened ' and ; died: For- r.early twenty \
years Aubrey Harcourt ; remained ' true
to her memory. /And thus it came
about that, Sir William Harcourt.inher
ited f as his nephew's , heir the magnifi
cent family; seat, Nuneham Park/ which
cow passes to . '. "Lulu" Harcourt. ';.*'¦.
: *The * crowning disappointment* of - Sir
.William's life -was '. his -> failure • to attain
the : Premiership.* 'He never .quite got
over, that. After Gladstone's retirement
of. ail men in. the party he' had; the~ best
claim* to thV office. He hadj earned it by
long years of brilliant "arid faithful; ser
¦vice.^ But : Queen Victoria,"- without con
sulting, an'y,of the party leaders, passed
the veteran ; over and ; bestowed it on 'a
much younger, man— Lord Rosebery. Sir
William would ' have . been : more than
human he lip.d not found some con
solation in seelng ; the' failure which hia
then successful 'rival; has since made of ,
his ".. political - life,".! flocking -by himself 1
and "plowing a lone furrow." [
=-.' Ttie; Swiss military authorities are I
; about^io adopt' khaki for soldiers' uni- .
forms- ¦' ; ; ..:= ¦;-._ -.-._' ¦¦-:;.. :,
The general delivery of the, main.
Postofflce on "VVashington street will
be open from 8'a. m.to 1 p. m. on
election .day. . Only the .forenoon car
rier deliveries will be made. The reg
ular » holiday, schedule, of street letter
box, collections will be. in force.
Election Day. at the Postoffiee.
Fall hats. 2904. ;i;?t arrived, nobblw
tb&a ever. Torn Dillon & Co_ opp.Pal*c«.*
Many would rather be In sin than
out of style.
OPPOPEP LIMITING SPEED.— The Sun»*t
District Improvement Club filed a protect yes
terday with the Supprvisor* a*ralnFt the pro
posed ordinance limiting the fpeed of street
cars to eight mile* an hour. ..
VALUK OF MRS. ZEILE'S ESTATE.— Th#»
estate of Mrs. Sophie Smith Zetle. lat* wife of
Frederick W. Zelle. president of the Mercantile
Trust Company has been appraised at $122.-
P05. of which »112.00O Is the valuation given
to an undivided one- fourth Interest In th« resi
due of the estate of Carolina Smith d» Sant*
Marina. •"-, * ¦
Francis L. Cook, Jeweler, 1712 Mar
ket street, got a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest of Joseph Martin on a charge of
felony embezzlement. Cook says he
engaged Martin as a traveling sales
man and gave him a dozen gold-filled
watches, valued at $223 50, as sam
ples. That was several months ago
Does N'ot Return Samples-
and he heard nothing about Martin
till a few days ago. Martin is in In
dian Territory and will be brought
back.
LONDON, Nov. 5. — As the succes
sor of the great man who has Just
died, Sir William Vernon Harcourt, his
son, Lewis Vernon Harcourt, is the
subject of much interesting specula
tion. The question is often asked:
"Will he ever become as famous as Mis
father, the last of the Parliamentary
gladiators?" At present he has given
little promise of it. He was elected to
thd House of Commons only last
March, at about the same age,. 41, as
was his father when he made his debut
there. But at that age Sir William
had already achieved renown . as a
vigorous controversial writer and at
the bar had amassed a fortune of be
tween $150,000 'and $200,000, which
enabled him to retire from his practice
and launch himself on the uncertain
sea of politics. Thus far the son has
been known only as his father's pri-
EON OF A FAMOUS ENGLISH
STATESMAN. "WHOSE CAREER '
IS BEING EAGERLY WATCHED.
This and phrases of like purport
are said to have been repeated in a
"loud, boisterous, violent and insult
ing manner," and she was detained in
the store for a long time and subject
ed to a search. Mrs. Van Curan de
clares that the accusation was slan
derous and false. Her attorneys are
Dorn, Dorn & Savage.
"You stole $15 from the cash register
and I am going t<* call a policeman
and have vou arrested."
A demand for $10,000 for mental
suffering and damaged reputation is
made by Virginia Van Curan and her
husband, W. A. Van Curan, in a suit
filed yesterday against J. Cibllich.
Mrs. Van Curan was employed as a
clerk by Cibilich and on November 2,
In the presence of C. E. Quivey, the
defendant is alleged to have said.
airs. Van Curan Says Employer False
ly Accused Her of Stealing
From Cosh Register.
The following "were pall bearers: J.
8. Webster. Gavin McNab, Rolla V.
Watt, Smith Anderson, • John Mc-
Naught, Charles E. Green,. John Mc-
Dermott and J. Balnarus. Mrs. Pol
lok's three children, Allan Pollok, for
mer manager of the St. Francis; Mar
garet and Jean Pollok, followed the
remains to their place of rest.
A quiet and impressive funeral was
that of Mrs. Jlary Pollok held yester
day at the First Presbyterian Church,
Van Ness avenue and Sacramento
street. Here hundreds who knew and
loved the dead womaji' gathered to
pay their . last tribute of affectionate
respect. The casket was literally
buried in masses "of flowers. The pas
tor of the First Presbyterian Church,
Rev. William Kirk Guthrie, paid an
earnest tribute to the departed and
then to the solemn strains of Chopin's
"Funeral March," the casket was
borne from the edifice. The remains
were laid to rest at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
Hundreds of Friends Attend Impres
sive Services Held at the First
Presbyterian Church.
WOMAN" CLERK SUES FOR
DAMAGE TO REFUTATION"
MR5. POLLOK LAID TO REST
AT CYPRESS .1AW.V CEMETERY
?-<. ."I' can't, stand' Harcourt,7. r said ; a Lib
eral V once; '.,"he • uses ; such ''¦ strong" lah
guageiwheh' yoirf/disagree * with > him."
Hi8 ; temberjj^hen': ruffled, was ; at • times
none of jthe, sweetest-V. At a momentous
sitting,; iie' once ; described j.the • latVlSlr
George' Osborne Morgan as "a; fool.". On
another "occasion' he i'called-; Lord Ran
dolph 1 Churchill ,"k' little ass" ¦ in a whis
per , every \ one ¦ could hear. ,) But^ such
ebullitions were "passing. He i. never cher
ished .malice , or; harbored'a grudge.',
"rHe' thrice* refused a peerage! v He even
objected", at y_ being ; knighted '"when; ap
pointed ;' Solicito'r '. Generaljv biiti his -po
litical \ chief,"* Gladstone.^insiated'i on ; it,
andjwlthlarbad'gfacefhe^accepted; the
honor. :; At , one* time . his elder \ brother,
Colonel .' Harcourt. 'occupied; a seat in
the House,' and, true to : . the "family tra-
/ A In 'politics; ;he! was a'ma
jestic type of the ' born 'aristocrat. 1 / He
stood ,.'ove'r : - six! feet 'and.;: was* built
throughdutfqn?the"-same;massive scale.
Nofmari descent showed in; every line
of his face. ; Both, the. Vernons and .the
Harcourts: trace; back 'their ; history '< to
the C time" of ; the : Conqueror,
with: whom : they 'came: tb' Britain. v? The
-Harcourts have . played- important; parts
inl English i national* history/' from ¦- the
time of the ;battle of Hastings. Thereis
still i a" I Norman ' branch', of; the 'family,
headed 'by/the_ Due 'd'Harcourt. Scions
of {he famous' house* ha\*e figured lathe
forefronts of ; French' history,- noj fewer
. than , four -of \ them \ having -ibeeh^ maf
shals of iFrancel ; V;.r V-.1, .. vY ; ¦'
OF.rNORMAN; DESCENT.
.-, In one important respect he may be
said not only to^ have- followed his
father's example, but to'have bettered
the instruction. Sir William's second
wife, who survives him, is a. charming
and brilliant American woman, daugh
ter: of John La throp Motley, the* his
torian. "Lulu"' Harcourt has begun
his matrimonial career with an Amer
ican wife. Five years ago he married
Mary Ethel, the eldest daughter of the
late Walter H. ' Burns of New York.
She was'an heiress and brought him a
fortune, but it was a love match for. all
that; there being no title or prospect of
one to figure In the matter. 1 Another
American marriage had > previously
taken place among, the Vernons, the
titled branch of. the family. Lord Ver
non.. the seventh Baron," married a
daughter, 'of' Francis C. Lawrence' of
New York, and the present Lord : Ver
non, a lad. of 16, is her aon. ,
Partisan friends were not more con
spicuous than political foes at the me
morial services . heldv in: .' Sir William
Harcourtrs. honor..' Their ; presence was
a tribute not- merely to the eminent
character' of 'his public service, but to
the^ popularity 'of \the ; man- himself.
The latte#; was a_ matter of slow
growth. Only Tin" recent" years" have
those v. who : differed V .'from •;. him pbliti-^
cally ' come', to recognize' that this Titan
of debate,- so masterful, vehement and
dashing, of ; speech, so : ready v v with the
brilliant and biting. epigram, was really
a man of 'the .most generous and kind
ly'feeling. : But" ln-the -Parliamentary
arena, he : fought, only to',,win and as
sailed .those Uyho"- opposed him : with
merciless ferocity.. His ancestors had
been - mighty - warriors -and*- the "same
fighting blood filled . his vei ns. ,
vate secretary and general understudy.
From the doughty veteran he has re
ceived the be3t of political training,
but he* lacked the stimulus of having
his own way to make in. the world.
In features he closely resembles his
father at -the- same age. but, he has
none, of thie latter's masterful aggres
siveness and love of • conflict. Because
of his gentleness and urbanity he was
dubbed "Lulu" at school and as "Lulu"
Harcourt he has been familiarly
known ever "since". \ t It is not a nick
name that suggests*, future greatness.
But men have gone far in public life
who were no't aggressive and despite
the handicap of an effeminate nick
name. , Of this Arthur Balfour, the
Premier, to whom .Lord- Uosebery
sometimes- contemptuously refers . as
"Pretty Fanny," is a conspicuous ex
ample. And -so, though "Lulu" Har
court has nothing *pf: the political
fighter : about him, he • may yet realize
the great hopes. which his" father en
tertained of him. ; ; -.-
HIS WIFE. AX AMERICAN'.
"As a result of this action they have
had no -trouble in collecting from the
city the amounts which they paid for
these purposes" and which the courts
have since declared.. to have been
illegal; .while the smaller taxpayers
have not been able to collect what they
paid, owing to the fact that they did
not file a protest against paying the
game'at the' time at which they paid
their taxes. In this year's taxes there
is included a tax of about 12% cents
on-each $100 of assessed property, or
$1 25 on each $1000 of assessed prop
erty, for; the : purpose of paying the
interest on the new bonds to be Issued
for .public improvements and for the
redemption of the same. The matter
has been carried "into the court, the
claim' being advanced that it was im
proper and illegal to include this item
in the:tax levy of this year.
''Should the courts uphold this con
tention the city would be compelled
to refund the taxes so collected and
those who had filed a protest at the
time of paying their taxes would. have
no trouble in collecting the rebate.
Had it not been for this extra tax,
which had to be collected for the pur
pose of these bonds this year, this city
would have had oneof the lowest tax
rates in its history. The rate would
have' been under $1 53 and taxes
would have been less < 'instead of
greater "than formerly. As it is the
tax rate is about the average tax rate
for the past few years, namely, Jl 65,
and yet the city is raising about
$1^000,000 .for public improvements
and public improvement bonds in ex
cess of the , amount raised for this
purpose heretofore.
"The ffrct that this city is enabled
to raise this year the sum of $1,000,000
for bonds and public Improvements
without increasing its tax rate is due
entirely to the fact that the assessment
rcll , was increased this year on real
estate $87,000,000. Without this in
crease in'/ values all taxpayers would
have been compelled to pay taxes at
the rate of about $1 80, or an increase
of $1 50 in taxes on each $1000 of
property.
. "WASHINGTON DODGE,
' "Assessor."
Assessor- Washington Dodge yester
day; issued a statement calling atten
tion ;to j the" fact that the tax levied
forj the *; interest; and sinking* fund of
the bond issue is now before the courts
for adjudication as to It3. legality and
advising that taxpayers file a formal
protest against that portion of the levy
when settling' 1 their obligations with
the city.V Dodge's statement, which is
se.lf-explanatbry, follows:
<: To the Taxpayers of San Trancisco:
"The first installment of taxes on
real estate is now due. Many taxpay
ers, : especially the smaller taxpayers,
will*, pay without question or pro
test " the amount called for by
their .' tax ' bills. The majority,
if not - all,' of these , taxpayers
are ignorant of the fact, that the le
gality of a. part of their taxes is open
to question, and the courts have been
called upon to pass upon the matter.
Should the courts decide that a por
tion : of "the taxes for this, year have
been illegally levied, those who' pay
the .same • without protest may be un
able to secure a repayment of this por
tion of their taxes by the city. # .
¦"'Many of the banks, our largest cor
porations and taxpayers are. now pay-,
Ing their taxes under protest, so far
as the amount in dispute is concerned.
In this -'matter they are following the
same course pursued by them in the
disputed tax raised for a new hospital
and for sewers. . .
Refunds Hinge on Formal
Objection Being Made to
Items Open .to \ Question
PORTION IS IX DISPUTE
Issues Statement
Thatv Courts Are' to Pass
oh Legality of Bond Levy
DODGE ADVISES
TAX PROTESTS
THE SAN FRANCISGO. "GALL, ;5UNDAy; ; NOVEMBER .6,-1904.
Harcburt's Son Give^ Little
Promise of Greatness. ;.
FATHER'S SEAT BIG FOR HIM
24
ADVEimSEMENTS^
Great Bargain Sale
Ladies' Suits, Skirts, Coats, Waists,
Dress Goods, Silks and Fancy Articles
Exceptionally successful purchases of Eastern manufacturers' stocks
have enabled us to inaugurate a wonderful bargain sale in many leading
lines of merchandise, details of which will be found below:
SPECIAL SALE OF SILK EXTRA SPECIAL DRIVE
AND VELVET DRESSES m BLACK AND COL -
$27.50 for a $35.00 Value.
They are the new full blouse ORED SILKS at 39c Yard
styles, neatly -trimmed. Come in • ,. ¦ • - - •¦„-.
crushed. or plain velvet, embracing Including black taffeta and loui-
the latest ideas'. " sine; also fancy silks in stripes,
brown, blue and green. Worth 50c 75c. $1.00 per yard.
TOURIST COATS „ WAT « T o PFrTA7
$14.50 for a $20.00 Value SHIRT WAIST SPECIAL
An exceptional opportunity to #4.85 for a $7.3O Value.
WBIM^ " eW VCSt S ' yle St rS ca' din^ikht'^/n? fcS£
DRESS GOODS SPECIALS ££§ 5 . rose - tan - rescda - S " ecial
$1.00 and $1.25 Tailor Suit-
ings 69c. RIBBONS
-''The lot includes fancy tweeds. 200 pieces plain taffeta ribbon
new ¦ zibilenes. mens mixed suit- just received; good heavy quality-
ings. .English worsteds, etc;: all beautiful luster; air colors, black
pure wool; 42 to 48. inches wide; an( j w hite; full 3% inches wide,
all newest, colorings^ and stylish This is a regular 20c quality,
weaves. Sale price, 60c. . ; -,- On Special Sale at llif*c Yard.
$1.50 BLACK VENETIAN ¦ <°*
CLOTH,'- 95c Yard MUFFLERS
An extra heavy twilled back The season for mufflers is on
quality : that requires no lining; w j t h us and our stock is the best
every threadvwool; 52 inches wide; { n t h» city. We have them plain
both jet 'and blue black; panne f rom *t.25 to $3.30 each— these
satin -finish; sponged and shrunk' , we s ta m p free of charge. Beauti-
free of charge. _ ful assortment of hand-embroi-
Sale price, °->« ? - dered mufflers from 92.3O to $3
, 85c SILK ; LUSTER AL- each.^- Great variety of patterns to
: ; PACAS, 49c Yard. j choose from.
Very serviceable for separate, roc ORIENTAT TAPTTQTPV
skirts and shirt waist suits, the ex- 5°C U^1£.I>J 1 AL I AFU,5>TRY
tra heavy iron frame weave; .very 33c.
and_nevv bhie. . 50 inches wide and suitable for
Extra-25 pieces fancy wool couch covers portieres, cushion
waistingl, . all colors; .50c Quality. t0 P s ' ctc - Sold evcr^vhere for S oc.
39c per yard. . . On sale at 33c Yard.
ART." DEPARTMENT i SPECIAL— 50 Dozen Pure Linen Circular Cen-
ter. -Pieces, bleached, \with scalloped embroidered edges, and drawn work
centers stamped and unstamped; the entire lot on special sale. Note the
prices;. . .,.'.
6x6/l^}^c; '9x9," 20c; " 12X12,' 25c; 20x20, 5Oc; 24x24, 65c.
rnrr Embroidery Lea«oni. Tuesday* and rrldays from 9 to '13 at COCC
rnCU ,. -. Stamplar.on all matarlals pnrc&asad hm." rntt
ADVERTISEMEyrS.
FOR THE COMPLEXION FOR IRRITATED SKIN
d^y^^-^%^ rough, and oily 7»V V~\ "^i *^ fl * m^* tions »
W&^^^^ skin and bad Av >J^7 *° d ch * fln S». instant-
complexions Lfa&^ZX l 7 relieved by warm
V. ;^*; ** **f prevented by X^LJt^* Avi ** ths Cuticur*
Ivf^tiw U^ I hot baths with f 1 1| Soap and gentle
\£* i - r " "^i/ Cuticura Soap, /^J5fA . TSs* anointings with Cut}*
> *«*^ *\m*r - preceded by vV—^n3«» cure Ointment, purest
UshtappllcmUoos of Cuticura Ointment, of emollient skin cures.
FOR SCALP AND HAIR FOR EASY SHAVING
/T3jv ' Shampoos s of Cutl- /£3^ f^ 1 * emollient, san-
/ ««^w cnrn oa P and light wL-sd &" »tlve, antiseptic
/ BY P^^Sv dressings of Cati- !^i**L J ¦ P ro P ertIe9 oi Cuti-
/ Hi cura stop falling cura Soap, -when
1 lagWMrt hair, remove crusts, /^J7\£X<\li assisted by Cuti-
V V it*'® scales .*nd dandruff, ClClft^r^V cura Ointment,
Kv VTviy^ destroy hair para- Xv/W 1 ** render it vastly
WK Yvf sit "' soothe Itching \L6?i«5SJl^ superior to all other
* A V surfaces and make f^^E^S^ shaving soaps for
the hair grow when all else falls. tender, irritable, hnmory skins.
For RED, ROUGH HANDS F 0R BABY RASHES
* —"^ sore, red, < ' Sleep for akin-toT-
• f-*-** rough \ JdHfjt^. ' i turedb*bi8s and rest
tjs \ZP h.ind.s on l &^-5k&S A for ttred mothers,
fj *^J retiring I j^"X JLf^^'^m'batha-wHh
«Y ,^ '^^ j'-i'/T.-?- ln a hot *'^"^^=^ l^nl Cntlcan So *p and
,W . ' ' -,' . solution anointings
. of Cuticura Soap, dry, and anoint freely " \s* I r3| 1 with Cuticura Oint-
with Coticnra Ointment. "Wear old "* * *^* " ment, purest of
gloves or soft bandage during night. emollient skin cures.
FOR SHAMPOOING FOR WOMAN'S EYE
/^j^^^S Noth'lng like -^^^*^ The emollient,
f "SWvT I I Cuticara Soap to >^^' r * BBig^fe gx sanative , aatl-
At JLk i | c^ ear tQ e scalp of «^\_, ,-^i septic, cleansing,
J crusts, scales, purify Ing, and
iJ'r^s^^^^^vT and dandruff, to /4^ffSC beautifying prop-
•»L^ — jc_&5fc \ prevent itching Q^.^"»O^y ertles of Cuticura
M a "d irritation, Soap and Cuti-
\~" -~ and promote hair cura Ointment, render them of priceless
N. , .sss^ growth. To be varae to women. Special directions for
followed by light dressings of Cuticura . a great variety of uses.
TWO SOAPS FOR ONE PRICE
"I used to think that Cuticura Soap was cxcluaively a skin soap, but I
find on using it that it is the most delicate and refreshing of toilet and bath
soaps as well,— : two in one, so to speak, — and as such appears to me to have
decided advantages over any skin soap or toilet soap with which I am ac-
quainted. I feel tb&t many ladies who are as yet unacquainted with these
facts will ¦ thank me for making this public statement."
t;T: Maud Fbances Kyles, 635 Prospect Place, Brooklyn, N. Y.
MSr Send for " All About the Skin, Sca!p, and Hair.'* Potter Drag ft Coea. Corp.. Boston.
United States Senate, Washington, D. C. K|
K, J I have used HAYNER WHISKEY for medical purposes in my family and have fc|£|
am fonnd it very satisfactory. I believe it to be a number one m$t
I] TK£ 0KLY WKISKEY WITH A HATIOHAL REPUTATIOH FQ3 11
P HIGHEST QUALITY AKD PERFECT PURITY. M :
r-"^ e have one of the largest distilleries in the world. We are the largest bottlers of Egg]
Ki"? W- — fe A ~\ "whistey ia the world. We have more whiskey in our eight '¦ Bonded Warehouses than '
T^ liy^ecwsH aay other distiller in the wotld. .. There is more HAYNER WHISKEY sold than any other gSg|
I* I af^^S*' 0^ brand of whiskey in the world. We have been in business for 38 years and have a capital. WR'
\~':\ '^wj^ufum °^ $500,000,00 paid in full, so you run no risk when you deal with us. Your money back «£&
U.\ ' {jjfiPpsil at once if you are not satisfied. Don't forget tHat HAYNER WHISKEY goes direct from "our Bs3
\'i llf^l^ri^^ distillery to you, with all its original strength, richness and flavor, thu3 assuring you of
i-M perfect purity and saving you- the j enormous 'profits of the dealers. You cannot buy •' B»
t^li i^/S'?^v%\ anything purer, better or more satisfactory than HAYNER WHISKEY, no matter. how fi|3
P jSilllilL SMREOT FR0l» OUR DISTILLERY TO YOU 1
Mf^MI?^ fe^B^pk Saves dealers' profits. . Provents adulteration. H
W^§^^^^m IT EXPRESS CHARGES PAID BY US ' TjT '.¦. 'Hi'
SSS^r?ilffi^^re AIIR YIETCCD We will send you FOUR FULL QUART B0HLES of HAYNER M
iS^^^SgS^S^xaP'S* UUIl Uri Ell SEVEN-YEAR-OLD RYE fpr- $4.00, and .we^ ; will Ipay^the ?iV8&
l*^'£^jt^^^l^^^rt>i!^fe^J express charges. ;Try.'itrand,ifjyou don't find it all right and as good as you
*^^-^-T^^|^^P«^*J^ri^l evcr use d or can buy from anybody else = at any price/: then send it;back : at'-our :r"ngj
expense, and your $4.00 will be, returned to you by next; mail.'" Just .'think
Vf^lC^SJ'^^^m^^S!3^ offer over. How could it be fairer? If you are not perfectly satisfied you are 1^
; f '-^>r-'> ¦ not out a cent « We ship in a plain sealed case, no marks to show, what's inside. : -\Mm
Vl fM. i0M£k^W^a\ ¦ CD CC * BEAUTIFUL' GOLD-TIPPED GLASS AND W-gJ KT C B
WMii^^f^^S^^^M " ' "!"¦"'' ?°R KSCREW -. ? EH T. WI T H T9 U ?..9?P EI * ¦ ¦ "™!"^- VM
?i.?5a^r-~ ~&S&Z*'*32pS3Br Remember, a Hayner quart is an honett quart of 3a ounces, 4 to the gallon, just one-fourth Wm
pS^^SSdp«^>y{ PaSS^^^^ more than in bottles of other brands, really reducing our price just that much. Bjja
p! EST K H D THE HAYNER DISTILLING COMPANY D ? n SiT i
H^4« ST. LOUIS, MO. ST. PAUL, MINN. DAYTOH, 0. ATLANTA, QA. • JH
BSM AP\ T EHTI SE3LEXTS.
I WOMENJ APFAREL EXCLVS1VELY ]
Vj.1 7 G EARY STK^E^y
•i^M? There is a reascm why RansohofTs has become the WfcJ
H*S?/M favu^te of exacting dressers. The new gowns, suits, Jftt^i^
*£ Ox5 coets and waist* of our recent late purchase, which 9*«L«i«
M/ff have been added by every express, present another fc/CL Q
3\M link in our ever lengthening chain of exclusive models. . B>« „
fyju The new garmeats represented embrace a" wide diver- J ;¦ »J i|'-v"
ftra . city of styles, materials and colorings, reflecting the kV*
K/fl highest achievement of designers of a world-wide rep- W^A
bfH utation. It is a difficult task— in fact, almost impos-
Bra sible2-4o make a description of them in a newspaper H^»
f±A& advertisement, therefore we desist from doing so, but eM*
WM ask you to call at the store. It will be as much of a PTMa
irM pleasure to us to show you the newest things as we H\kI
M/V know it will be to you to see them. We wish to cm- fjLxl
jjfyfl . phasize the fact that we also carry the largest variety g\S
EjH in medium price garments, which receive the same eJvQ
B/fi attention as to detail of execution as the most expen- faNi
IfD We call your attention to the tailored suits in R^fl
I/O . Cloths, Chcviotst Velvet! and mixtures in both the ,
As long coats and short effects. : V- |k|
f M Prices range from *25.OO, ?3O.OO, ?35.OO, g\J
M 94/O.OO and up to J?1 »T».OO. g\J
/1| The very latest models are the Redingote and the |I|
/1| ¦ Pacquin Coat Suits in Velvet, Cloth and Cheviots. M\|
M Prices from $85.00 to $1J>5.OO. gw j
jk Reception, Dinner and Ball Gowns in Chiffon Taf- a^v
tfH fetas and Crepe de Chine, Messaline, Velvet and Lace, W\i
fl/tji from $42.OO. 95O.OO, and up to H
W >9 Coats for Street and Theater wear. Latest models f|N|
Ifl at very moderate prices. Ifvfj
M ...A REB1ARKABLE... M
M ...SPECIAL... H
K/h In Silk Waista, consisting of Chiffon Taffetas and 0^ra
'; nil Messalines, in white, champagne and light blue. Most fi\s
•niH elaborate designs. Entirely new. Regular prices would jR/m
Pg ) be $3S<» to $4S0O. Monday at and $22.50. U& B
iffjii CLOSING OUT ALL OUR OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS gf
tfsfk v In Black, Gray and Natural. % B&Si
[f^ljk AU S35.00 and $40^0 Boas at R5"22
IS fjJi All S.^cwx) Boas at 51.».OO g*«^|
ryK^g AH S20XX) and $35.00 Boas at >?1O.OO B^y^iSBIG REPUBLICAN GAINS SHOWN BY THE FINAL CALL-GERALD POLL GIVE ROOSEVELT THE DOUBTFUL STATES
TROOPS POUR INTO INNSBRUCK
TO STAY AUSTRIAN RIOTERS.
' -'-¦ ';( . '• - liV> - ¦ I ..... •
Attacks upon. Italians continue and gendarmes use the bayonet in beating
back the mobs. Soldiers guard the consular representative of King
Victor Emmanuel and authorities will proclaim martial law in district.
Student Outbreak Seals the Doom of the Triple Alliance
. NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— -District At
torney Jerome announced to-day that
he expected on November 1 4 to begin
the trial of Nan Patterson, who is un
der indictment > for the murder > /of
Caesar Young.- Miss Patterson is nov
in -the Tombs - Prison in default of
$20,000 bail. ¦:...- _. .. . . y\
READY TO BEGIN TRIAL
OF VNAX" PATTERSON
SALT LAKE, Nov. 5. — In Utah the
campaign this year has been marked
by a renewal of the old fight against
alleged church domination of politics.
In the latter days of the campaign the
feeling engendered by this movement
has grown in bitterness. How much
strength will be developed at the polls
by the American (anti-church) party
is problematical.
Both Republican and Democratic
leaders confess themselves entirely at
sea. The Democrats, while conced
ing the State will be carried for
Democrats Concede the Defeat of
Their Electoral Ticket.
ROOSEVELT HAS UTAH.
VIENNA, Nov. 5. — The attack upon
the Italian students at Innsbruck
Thursday occasions great solicitude
here. There is no attempt to disguise
in certain official circles the apprehen
sion that the relations between Aus
tria and Italy, which have been
strained for some time, are now near
the breaking point. It Is well known
that the anti-Austrian feeling
throughout Italy will be greatly in
creased by the unfortunate events of
Thursday, and the public feeling,
which has long been excited under the
propaganda of the Dante Alighieri
Society, may become Inflamed to a
war pitch. There can be no doubt
that, notwithstanding the earnest ef
forts of the German Emperor and of
Count von Bulow to pour . oil upon
the troubled waters, the triple alliance
is practically at an end. The trouble
was revived recently by the failure to
renew the commercial treaty between
the two countries. The Hungarian
Government opposed the renewal be
cause of the competition of Italian
¦wines and produce, and the Italian
•Ad Austro-Hungarian governments
twecn Student*.
Officials Fear Result of Battle Be*
MAY LEAD TO WAR.
An important conference was "held
between Sfgnor Tlttoni, the Italian
Foreign Minister, and Count Golu
chowski, the Austrian Foreign Minis
ter, at Abazzia in April. There had
been an urgent demand by the Italian
citizens of Southwestern Austria for
the establishment of a school at Trent
for the purpose of teaching Italian lit
erature, law and history. This matter
was considered with great care at the
Abazzia conference, and the Austrian
representative declined . to establish
the school at Trent, because of his
fear that it would increase the anti-
Austrian spirit in that section, but he
compromised " by establishing an Ital
ian faculty, at . Innsbruck. This . had
the effect of exciting the German-
Austrian students, and there has been
constant trouble between the two
groups ever since,' culminating in the
riots' which have Just taken place.
In July an important Italian nation
alist demonstration - took place at
Trieste, and as a result ¦ the police
searched the rooms belonging to a turn
vereln society and discovered a number
of bombs.
The Premier, Dr. von Koerber, : to-day
were afraid to go under a modus vi
vendi. There was constant complaint
in the southern provinces of Austria
of ill-treatment of . Italians by the
German element, and of like ill-treat
ment of Austrlans in Italy, which cul
minated in a series of disturbances
throughout Italy some time ago, dur
ing which the escutcheons of the
Austrian consulates in several large
cities of Italy were 'disfigured.
CONFERENCE IS HELD.
INNSBRUCK, Nov. 5.— Rioting on a
large scale recommenced at noon, the
gendarmes using their bayonets. Troops
are coming in from a distance. There
is eome evidence that the authorities
¦will proclaim martial law. There is a
body of troops posted in the neighbor
hood of the Italian consulate. f
DENVER, Nov. 5. — Governor Pea
body, Republican candidate for re
election, will close a "whirlwind tour"
by special train with a meeting in this
city on Monday evening. The Dem
ocrats held their last big rally in Den
ver to-night. United States Senator
Thomas M. Patterson making the
principal address.
The issue to be decided at the polls
next -Tuesday is clearly defined. Gov
ernor Peabody, in his speeches, has
explained and defended his course in
expelling the members of the Western
Federation of Miners from Cripple
Creek and Tellurlde by military force
and has pledged himself to the same
line of action in future if re-elected.
Alva Adams, Democratic candidate
for Governor, has promised not to
take sides in labor disputes and . to
hold the troops subordinate to the
civil authorities should their services
be required.
Both the Republican and Democrat
ic managers profess to expect large
pluralities for all their candidates, but
impartial observers consider the re
sult in doubt as to State officers and
Congressmen, with a probability that
Roosevelt will carry the State.
Peabody's Attitude Toward Jllners'
Federation Is the Issue.
BOTH CLAI3I COLORADO.
Dr. von Koerber telegraphed to the
Burgomaster of Innsbruck as' follows:
"I deeply deplore not only the victims,
but also the excesses of which your
town, ordinarily, so peaceful, has be
come . the scene. I consider It the first
and foremost duty of the Government
to restore complete tranquillity, In
which I count upon the co-operation of
the Common Council . and the good
judgment of all the thoughtful Inhab
itants." '
A memorial demonstration for the
victim of the rioting at Innsbruck,
Prezzey, the artist, who was killed by
a bayonet thrust Friday, will be. held
November 7 in the lecture hall of the
Vienna University. The German stu
dents of the high school decided to
hold a protest meeting the same day.
The War Minister announces after an
inquiry that it is doubtful if Prezzey
was killed by the gendarmes' bayonets,
and consequently, a post-mortem exam
ination of the remains has been or
dered with ,the view of .securing expert
evidence regarding the nature of the
wounds.
A dispatch from Innsbruck published
here . says a railroad official has been
severely wounded by a bayonet thrust.
"The deplorable events at Innsbruck
can only determine the Government for
the present to direct its efforts to the
adoption of vigorous measures for the
maintenance of public order, and this
it will enforce bv-all the means at its
disposal. At the same time, however, it
is impossible ' to adequately condemn
the extravagant agitation which has
preceded the disturbances . and which
has undoubtedly invested them with
their passionate unlawful character." :
DEPLORES EXCESSES.
replied as "follows to. the dispatch of
Herr Erler, the representative of Inns
bruck in the Reicherath.who yesterday
demanded that the Premier remove the
Italian faculty and holding the Govern
ment responsible for the consequences
in the event of its refusal:
THREE • FOREIGN MINISTERS WHO
ARE STRIVING TO SAVE THE IM
PERILED TRIPLE ALLIANCE.
Maryland is still doubtful and the
returns will show some Congressional
gains for the Democrats.
Delaware is ' probably Republican,
and Rhode Island, where there is a
great State campaign in . progress, is
believed to be Republican on na
tional issues and Democratic on the
Governorship.
A Republican drift is Indicated from
the Rocky Mountain States.
The Call-Herald estimate of .the
electoral vote follows: Roosevelt, 264;
- As the campaign closes in Wiscon
sin it begins to look as though Gov
ernor La Follette would be beaten, but
the State will go for Roosevelt and
Fairbanks. The canvass was the most
exciting the State has ever known and
the question of the election of La Fol
lette depends on whether he can get
Democratic votes. Roosevelt's plur
ality in the State Is estimated at about
40,000. ' '
WISCONSIN FOR ROOSEVELT.
'The Democrats of New Jersey are
much encouraged and expect to elect
Charles C. Black Governor. There is a
stiffening of the Republican vote on
the Presidency, and the Indicated ma
jority for Roosevelt in the State Is
now placed at ?3,000.
The indicated plurality for Stokes,
Republican candidate for Governor, is
.3700. This is a drop of 50 per cent
in one week and shows that the Demo
crats are gaining as the end of the
campaign draws near.
Judge Parker's tour of Connecticut
has given the Democracy of that State
much encouragement and the State is
more doubtful than at any time dur
ing the campaign. The indications,
however, are that the electoral vote of
Connecticut will be cast for Roosevelt
and Fairbanks. ,
West Virginia, which was last week
classified by The Call and Herald as
uncertain, with Republican leanings,
has apparently swung to the Repub
lican side of the fence. The informa
tion which comes from the State is
that it is strongly for Roo3evelt.
Indiana is still the scene of the
greatest battle in the Middle West-
Both parties are hard at work and
well supplied with campaign funds.
The State is placed in the Republican
column.
The Democrats are better supplied
with money in this State than has been
expected. The amount they have avail
able for use on election day is placed
at $350,000. The Republicans have more
money, and it will be a battle royal in
the rural counties.
The Republican managers are claim
ing New York State for Roosevelt by
£S,000 and for Higgins by 40,000. The
Democratic committee estimates claim
the State for Parker by 11.000 and for
Herrick by more than 60,000. The Dem
ocrats expect Parker to carry New
York City by 425.000 plurality and Her
rick by 149,000.
NO MOKE DOUBTFUL. STATES.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5. — With the
Presidential canvass virtually fln
ishori, the betting on the election of
Roosevelt is 5 to 1, and surface indica
tions point to his success at the polls
on Tuesday next. The Democratic
managers, however, are confidently
claiming: victory-
The Call and Herald have collected
information from the so-called doubt
ful States as to the manner In which
the campaign is closing, and there aru
few changes from the situation of a
week ago.
New York State is in' the balance still
on the Presidency. The State apparent
ly is strongly. Democratic on the Gov
ernorship. It is possible for Higgins
to 'be defeated and for all his asso
ciates on the, ticket to be elected. Both
parties have been very aggressive dur
ing the last week of the campaign, and
this has added to the interest in the
fight. .The sensational passages be
tween President Roosevelt and Judge
Parker "have placed the trust issue to
the forefront of battle.
Issues raised in platforms, in speeches
of nomination, in letters of acceptance
and in literature of the national com
mittees were swept away in a day and
upon the brink of the election the par
ties confront each other with the asser
tion and denial of the two candidates
as the leading feature. What others
have said or may say and what man
agers may claim or deny all goes for
nothing in the face of the remarkable
spectacle of two Presidential candidates
closing a contest with public utterances
of such vigor and directness that no
one can mistake their meaning.
The issues upon which the campaign
has been fought have changed. The
personality of the President and his
public acts, the policy of the Republi
can party on the several questions be
fore the people, formed the basis of
Democratic attack and Republican de
fense.
The campaign just closing has devel
oped into" one of the most remarkable
in recent times. The unusual features
of a candidate attacking his opponent
in office and. forcing him into making a
direct reply, followed by a rejoinder
from the candidate, is a novelty, and
furnished the main topic of conversa
tion where politics were discussed to
day!
The probablitiy is that the next
House of Representatives will be Re
publican by a safe working majority.
CAMPAIGN'S NOVEL. ENDING.
The Call-Herald estimate of last
week" was: Roosevelt. 257; Parker,
159; ' doubtful, probably Republican.
18; doubtful, probably Democratic. 3;
uncertain. New York. 39.
A majority of the Electoral College
is 239.
Parker, 159; doubtful, probably Re
publican, 11; doubtful. probably
Democratic, 3-: New York, uncertain
on the Presidency. 33.
"If there was any doubt of the
source of this great campaign fund
it is no longer a matter of suspicion
for EHhu Root,' the former Secretary
of War, frankly admitted last night
that the trusts and corporations were
heavy contributors. He denied only
that -the total amounts thus acquired
or . utilized were as large , as in
previous years. Moreover the Repub
lican candidate himself denies only
that definite immunity from prosecu
tion has been promised trusts for their
assistance.:
, "He declares that he is merely to
give them a 'square deal,' as the
term may be interpreted, not by the
laws of the land, but by himself. -It
is plain that when the time shall come
to determine what a 'square dear
between the Government of the Unit
ed States and the contributing trusts
really the beneficiary of the gener
osity of the latter must either recog
nize their services or confess himself
guilty of base ingratitude."
. Judge Parker never had a more en
thusiastic audience /than that in
Brooklyn to-night. He had not in
tended to make a speech to-night un
til * the ; President issued his statement
defending the' administration from
Judge Parker's charge. The Judge
was engaged most of the day in pre
paring his answer.
; Before taking 3 up his manuscripts
Judge Parker, said:
.' .; "This % is the last opportunity before
the election I will have to talk to a
considerable * number of Democrats at
one time. It gives me pleasure to be
able . to say that the outlook is /very
promising to-night. The party; is in
better condition' than it has been for
a 'number 'of- years." ' V"; . • . .:•
ELIHU ROOTS SPEECH.
"He is in a position to "know what
contributions have been made to the
Republican National Committee. If
there had been no trust contributions
he could easily have said so. He did
not say so. He cannot say so. He has
waited until the closing hour, of this
campaign to make easier the pretense
of an answer. But It is not an answer.
It is a confession with a plea of avoid
ance'addressed to a generous people.
" 'That contributions have been made
to .the Republican committee, as con
tributions have been made to the Dem
ocratic committee, is not the question
at issue. Mr. Parker's assertion is, in
effect, that such contributions have
been made for improper motives in
consequence of the act or in conse
quence of Improper promises, direct or
indirect, on the part of the recipients.
"That is the only . paragraph in
which President Roosevelt touches
either directly or Indirectly on the
question as to whether the trusts have
made contributions to the Republican
campaign fund. It is almost in terms
of admission that the trusts have con
tributed to' the Republican fund. In
associating the Democratic campaign
fund with the Republican campaign
fund the President attempted to so
associate the two that a denial of his
assertion could not be made without
implicating the Democratic commit
tee.
the money subscribed in this
way, that they have already ex
pended, but there shall be no
mere such contributions. I will
I jc-ln Parker in an effort to protect the
i ballot of the honest citizen from being
I overridden by merchandise ballots.'
| "If he had said that it would have
sounded like the Roosevelt we once
had known. And if he had followed
it by acts In explanation of his words
, it wo-uld have been of far less conse-
I quence to the people which one of us
| should be elected than it is now. But
he did not do it. He shut his eyes to
what was going on and since that
time there have been frequent meetings
of the trust magnates and the moneys
have, been spouting into the treasury
all, the more' freely and all the more
¦plentifully because of the attitude tak
en by me and which, it is true, I have
enforced. from day to day.. The. Presi
dent does not ,deny the contributions
now.' This 'is what he says:
Here the speaker quoted at great
length a speech of October 24, in
¦which he first raised the issue. He
continued:
"You have learned from its reading
that the purpose of that address was
to warn the people against the cor
rupting of the electorate by tariff
bred trusts and other monopolies. It
contained no criticism of the Presi
dent. It simply called attention- to. a
notorious and offensive situation — a
situation which presented to my mind
the greatest of the moral issues of the
campaign; yes, of many campaigns.
If he had said on the, day after the
delivery of my address, after the con
sultation about it which he ,and Sen
ator knoxIhad:'Yes, I never thought
of it before, but Parker is right.
Why would a trust bring money
out, of its treasury, money belonging
to its stockholders, consisting of
women and children, as well j as men
of both parties, unless its . purpose is
to get something in return, something
which its officers regard as more thai*
an equivalent for the' money' taken out
of the treasury? Now, he is right, and
I am going to stop it 81 Perhaps; the
national * committee cannot " pa"y ; back
Judge Parker said in part:
"The main purpose of my address to
night is to call attention to the fact
that in his strange, belated reply to my
speech of twelve days ago, the Presi
dent has not met the issue created
since the platforms were adopted,
namely: Can the trusts purchase the
election? Whatever results may follow
from hi3 address, the campaign fund
can not be interfered with. It has been
raised."
"I regret to say to you that it then
seemed apparent to me, Mr. President,
that you regarded the election of more
importance than the checking of this
evil."
TEXT OF THE REPI/S\
claration with a statement directed to
the President personally to the effect
that he (Parker) had issued a request
that no money for campaign purposes
should be received, directly or indirect
ly, from any trust: that he rather
would be defeated than to be fettered
in an effort to accomplish reforms that
were sorely needed. He charged the
President with refusing to co-operate
in the checking of the monstrous .evil.
Judge Parker closed that part of his
address directed to the President with
this sentence:
reason of Mr. Cortelyou's former po
sition as Secretary of the Department
of Commerce and Labor, should have
said:
•'I will join Parker, in an _ effort to
protect the -ballot of the honest citi
zen from being overridden by merchan
dise ballots."
The assertion was made by Judge
Parker that his charge that contribu
tions had been received by Chairman
Cortelyou from the trusts was- not de
nied by the President's statement. The
Democratic candidate followed this de-
NEW YORK, Ndv. 5.— Judge Par
ker, in a speech made at a reception
tendered him by the Kings County
Democratic Club in Brooklyn to-night,
asserted that the issue "whether the
trusts can purchase the election" had
not been met by President Roosevelt
in his reply to Judge Parker's speech.
After stating what his position had
been in that spee-ch, Judge Parker said
that he had made no criticism of the
President, but that 1 he had simply
called attention to a '"notorious and
offensive situation." " The Judge . said
further that the President, after ' his
attention had been called to the rela
tions . which • might- '.exist between
Chairman Coftelyou -and- the -trusts by
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Republican Majority in House of Representatives
Claims Former Speech
w
Contained No Criticism
of the jrresiaent.
As Campaign Nears
Close Chances of
Parker Wane.
PURER MAKES EVASIVE
ANSWER TO ROOSEVELT'S
SCATHING DENUNCIATION
TUESDAY ELECTION WILL
BE ONLY A FORMALITY
Continued to Page 26, Column 3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco tor
thirty hour* endlnr midnight, Novem
ber «: •
San Francisco and. vicinity — Cloudy-
Sunday, probably sbowerm by night;
freeh southerly winds.
A. O. McADIB.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Drasa Wayne." Matlnw
to-day. 7
CALIFORNIA— "Sweet Clover." Mati
nee to-day.
CENTRALr^-"Tho Worst Woman la
London." Matinee to-day.
COLUMBIA— ••GlitWrins Gloria."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
GRAND — "Pretty Peggy." Matinee
to-day. 1
MA JKSTIC— "Hamlet."
ORPHECM — Vaudeville. Matinee to
day.
TIVOLI — "The Messenger Boy."
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES- SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, '¦ NOVEMBER 6, 1904— PAGES 25 TO 36.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. .-. 159.Scandinavian Customs Union.
A strong movement is on foot in the
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 5. — Roose
velt will have a . majority of nearly
300,000 In Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania's Reply to Texas.
Normal Vote In Louisiana.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 5.— A nor
mal majority will be polled for the
Democratic electors.
Florida's Democratic Majority.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. Nov. \ 5.~
FJorida will give the ; usual Democratic
majority of about 20,000.
Maryland Result Cannot Be Foretold.
Arkansas In Parker Column.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark, Nov. 5.— The
Democratic managers claim that the
State will give a Democratic plurality
of not less than 50,000. ,
CHARLESTON. S. C, Nov. 5. — In
South Carolina the election of the
Democratic- electors and members -of
Congress is a foregone conclusion.
Parker Sure of. South Carolina.
PORTLAND. Me., Nov. 6.— In
Maine a .plurality equal to that given
in the State election for Governor
elect Cobb, jvhich was 27,000, is con
ceded to Roosevelt. ¦
Maine Will Be Consistent.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. , Nov.' E. — The
Democratic managers claim all State
officers and ten Congressmen. The
State, is expected to give Parker the
usual large Democratic majority.
BOISB, Idaho, Nov. 6. — Tha Demo
crats have made the Mormon question
their main issue In Idaho. A plurality
for Roosevelt is conceded by most
Democrats. ' v-t-v
+
Ten Democratic Congressmen.
Mormon Question In Idaho.
CONCORD, N., H.. Nov. 5. — Senator
Galllnger, chairman of the Republi
can State Committee, predicts a plu
rality of 15.000 for the Republican
ticket. K • :;V,," ¦
New Hampshire's Vote.
The price of human hair is rising.
This year's crop of hair must be con
siderably below the average.
One of the commonest ways of giv
ing fictitious value to stock, and of
selling large quantities of worthless
certificates, is by paying large divi»
dends not out of the actual earnings
of the company, but out of the money
paid by stockholders for their stock.
Stockholders and others, believing
from these dividends that the com
pany is actually prosperous and earn
ing money, either increase their hold
ings or buy stock at high prices, only
to find later that it is worthless. The
penal code provides that the directors
of a corporation who perpetrate this
swindle are guilty simply of a misde
meanor. Equally serious is the action
of directors In knowingly making and
publishing false statements or reports
as to the financial condition of the
company of which they are trustees.
Whittaker Wright (the great com
pany promoter who committed suicide
after being sentenced, to hard labor for
issuing false balance sheets of the
wrecked London and Globe Finance
Corporation) ,was convicted in England
under a statute substantially similar
to this section of the Penal Code. He
was sentenced* to seven years' penal
servitude. Under this New York law
the maximum penalty which he could
have received would have been one
year's imprisonment or a fine of $500.
In dealing with offenses by criminals
of previous good social standing we
rarely look beyond the offender himself
to consider the welfare of the commu
nity. Iff for example, a. man steals,
and, after his indictment for the crime,
his friends or relatives repay the
amount of the theft, in America that
la the end of the matter, and the i of
fense committed against criminal law,
devised as a protection for the public,
is entirely negligible., The greatest
bank wrecker in American criminal
history 'now lives undisturbed in New
York. He never served a day In jail
for a defalcation of 56,000,000. The in
dictments against , him were all dis
missed a few years ago. He even seems
to have returned to some sort of social
position and the society columns of the
New York- Times, commenting some
time ago upon a reception at his New
York home, alluded % with becoming
gravity to certain Canadian guests as
friends whom their host and his fami
ly had made " "during ; their long stay
in Quebec!"— The Atlantic •
New York Penal Code Makes Stock
Swindling Only a Mis
demeanor.
SMALL PENALTIES
FOR FINANCIAL CRIMES
PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Nov. 5. —
The next General Assembly will elect
a United States Senator to succeed
Senator Aldrlch. Neither State chair
man would give out figures on the
general result to-night,, though both 1
made claims of victory.-
Rhode Island Claims Conflict.
commercial and industrial circles of
Sweden, Norway and • Denmark to
establish a Scandinavian customs
union. It is believed thereby the eco
nomic interests of the three countries
would be much advanced, as unitedly
they would present a power whose
weight would tell in trade relations
with foreign countries. The union
would thus be of much benefit by stim
ulating and strengthening the produc
tion of the countries, providing tetter
transportation facilities and obtaining
good foreign markets.— N. Y. Commer
cial.
Talk about embezzlement — a certain
Atchison woman has been embezzling
her husband's groceries for her kin
for years.
facts that Judge Parker is making this
false appeal to cover the fact that he
and his people are gathering in money
which they expect to use unstintedly
in New York, Indiana, West Virginia,
New Jersey and Connecticut
"Attacking Theodore Roosevelt as
a friend of the trusts is like attacking
Abraham Lincoln as the friend of hu
man slavery.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Nov. 5.— In
only one Congressional district is a
fight being made, and Congressman
Burnett (Democratc) is certain of re
election. He is opposed by a ticket
put up by the Populists and Repub
licans jointly.
Only One Contest in Alabama.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 5. — In the
Ninth District J. M. Ashley, the Re
publican candidate, has been making
a vigorous campaign, but it is con
sidered generally certain that Georgia
will return a solid delegation of Demo
crats to Congress. -
Solid Democratic Delegation.
Roosevelt to Exceed Bell's Plurality.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt,
Nov. 5. — On Tuesday in Vermont only
Presidential electors will be voted
for. Bell (RO was elected Governor
in September by 31,555. plurality, but
the Republican leaders say that
Roosevelt's plurality will be larger.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 5.— State
Chairman Van Orsdell of the Repub
lican State Committee said to-night
that Roosevelt would carry Wyoming
by 8000 majority. Chairman Hamm
of .the Democratic State Central Com
mittee declined to make any predic
tion.
Wyoming Loyal to President.
"Judge : Parker's /first charge against
the President is pne. r bf. wicked and de
ceitful coliuslon, the v second one of in
famous blackmail, 'and while they are
wholly inconsistent ' with each other
their Inconsistency is not . bo much a
matter of concern as it is that these al
legations should' be substantiated or
the penalty for malicious slander meted
out to their author. -.
"The President haa met these mon
strous accusations . with the dignified
scorn becoming a^man respected and
honored enough to receive a unani
mous nomination for his exalted of
fice. It is 'a matter of common noto
riety that the chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee was chosen
because it was hoped to. carry Indiana
for Judge Parker by the very meth
ods', he now affects to deplore. It is
likewise a matter of common noto
riety that Messr. Hill, Belmont, Ryan,
Sheehanand McCarren, who are Judge
Parker'B , chief backers, can only be
such in the yery.'way in which Judge
Parker now professes to attack. It is
also a legitimate deduction from the
which was addressed by Senator P. C. j
Knox. The announcement that Senator ;
Knox would reply to Judge Parker's ;
charges and President Roosevelt's ,
statement In the same connection had i
stirred interest to a feverish heat and
the hall was crowded to the doors. Sen
ator Knox said, in part:
"The exigencies of a losing campaign !
have driven our adversaries to substan
tially abandon the attempt to convince
the people that they stand for anything
better in the way of governmental poli
cies; than we do, and we now have the
humiliating spectacle of a candidate for
the Presidency of the United States go
ing up and down the land deriding his
opponent and repeating slanderous
tales of such a preposterous character
that the party organs which originated
them had, until fathered by the candi
date himself, almost abandoned them '
for very shame. I I
"The man who made these charges is
the candidate of the Democratic party
for President of the'United States, Al
ton B. Parker, a hitherto i respectable
and respected Judge and gentleman,
¦but as a candidate -the product of a
compromise between Tammany Hall, !
William R. Hearst, David B. Hill, W. J.
Bryan, the solid South and the worst
element in Wall street. He was syndi
cated by these people for the purpose
of taking advantage of an alleged ad- ,
verse feeling in business circles toward i
President j Roosevelt because President j
Roosevelt- had the provisions
of the. anti-trust law. ,^
"^hatra. 'pitiful, fall "it was, when this
dignified", gentleman was Induced to re
peat^arid^enlarge upon the ' base slan
ders of partisanship.
-not- every man in America
know-, that ':the; hold that .Theodore
Rbo"sevelt; has upon is
•largely; because of , his love of- fair play
and^ his -courage tcKsee that 'there is fair
play; because neither threats nor coax-
Ing rcotild; prevent .him from 'enforcing
the - law -when the . -Iaw-6reaker8 were
the richest' : and most 'influential men in
the lsina?;-:;'i> v,'j'-:tl"V. •*:- '. :-.:¦¦':.;:
I
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 5.— One of the j
quietest campaigns of recent years ;
closed to-night with a large and en- I
thusiastic meeting at Old City Hall, I
TOPEKA. Kans., Nov. 5. — The Kan
sas campaign has been peculiar in
that little attention has been paid to
national issues. The contest has been
fought out on State questions. The
Democrats have concentrated their ef
forts on the Legislature and the of
fice of Sttfte Treasurer, conceding the
State to Roosevelt.
Kuitfas Ignores National Issues.
Senator Brands the Can-j
(Mate's Charges Against j
Roosevelt as Slanderous I
Republicans Claim Missouri.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 5. — The Republi
can State Committee declares that the
Republicans will be victorious on both
the State and national tickets. The
Democratic State Committee asserts
that the entire Democratic ticket will
be elected by from 50,000 to 75,000
majority, and that. the national ticket
vote will not differ materially.
QUIET CAMPAIGN IN OREGON.
Republicans Estimate Roosevelt's Plu
rality in Excess of 30,000.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 5. — To-night
witnessed the closing of the least en
thusiastic campaign in the history of
Oregon, no special celebrations mark
ing its passing. Neither of the big
parties has put forth the customary
energetic efforts, the result in Ore
gon being a. foregone conclusion. In
this State it is simply a question of
majorities. Republican leaders esti
mate Roosevelt's plurality in excess of
30,000v but Democrats concede him at
most 22,000. There are no Congres
sional, State or county offices to be
voted for next Tuesday, but the vari
ous counties will vote on the matter
of prohibition, with little chance for
the success of the Prohibitionists.
MAY GAIX A SENATOR.
MAY HAVE TO STAND
TRIAL SECOND .TIME
Democrats Hope to Win the West
Virginia Legislature.
PARKERSBURG. W. Va., Nov. 5.
The Republicans seem more confident
than the Democrats of carrying the
State for the national ticket, but the
Democrats show greater 1 hopefulness
on the State issues. Much interest
centers In the Legislature, which will
elect a successor to Senator Scott, and
it is admitted on both sides that there
is a possibility of the Democrats hav
ing a majority of that body on joint
ballot.
Report of Medical Board Will Deter
mine the Fate of Lieutenant
Richards.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5.—Lieuten
ant George S. Richards Jr., Twenty
third Infantry, who was tried on
charges of duplication of pay accounts
and acquitted on the gTound that he
wa.s mentally irresponsible for the al
leged irregularities at the time, will
be retired if the reported disability
sfill exists, but if not there will be an
investigation of additional charges
filed since the recent court-martial.
IVveridse's Start in Life.
¦ Albert J. Beveridge was called upon
to earn the living of the family at the
age of ]2 years. At 14 he became a rail
road laborer and at 16 went mto a log
ging camD and was soon put in charge
if the men. With $50 which was loaned
to him he enured De Pauw University.
— New York Commercial.
Connecticut Debatable Ground.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Nov. 5.— The
growing impression .among conserva
tive men the past few days that this
State, as Judge Parker declared on
Thursday night at Hartford, is ac
tually debatable ground has resulted
in an outburst of political activity that
has not been equaled in all the busy
weeks which have just passed. The
Democrats express themselves as con
fident that Judge Parker's visit gave
the impetus needed and made sure the
St^te for the national ticket. The re-
KNOX SCORES
JUDGE PARKER
No Change In Mississippi.
JACKSON, Miss.. Nov. 5.— Missis- !
sippi will go solidly Democratic on:
Tuesday. ' I
Will- Give- Roosevelt Big Plurality.
SEATTLE, !Wash. t Nov. 5. — It is
conceded in all. quarters that Roose
velt will carry *the State of Washing
ton by a plurality estimated at 20,000
to 30,000 votes. The re-election of all
of the Republican Congressmen is also
conceded. The contest between Mead
(K.) and Turner (D.) for Governor is
keen. Large sums are being wagered
ac even money on both candidates.
Kentucky Conceded to Parker.
LOUISVILLE, Nov. 5. — Conserva
tive • estimates place Parker's plural
ity in Kentucky at between 10,000 and
15.000.
. AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 5. — Texas Is ex
pected to poll 350,000 votes out of a
possible 530,000 registration in the poll
tax pamphlet. The Democrats will
elect a full Congressional representa
tion.
Texas Safely Democratic
The campaign for the State ticket
was the most strenuously contested
r.nd bitterest in many years, surpass
ing in these respects even the historic
campaign of IS 94, which resulted in
the loss of the State to the Democratic
party.
i NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— Ending in
"excitement and fevered 'interest, ". in
violent contrast to the tameness of its
! earlier stages,, the campaign . in # this
j State for the selection of national elec
tors and State officers closed tornight.
When, the last. word. had. been .spoken
and all the work had been done both
i sides claimed the State for both the
.national .and State tickets. . The, Re
publicans, while admitting that Hig
gins* vote might be lower than Roose
velt's, declared Uhat their— candidate
surely would be elected. In reply the
Democrats said they not only would
elect Herrick, but would carry the
State for Parker. *' ' . ? j
Extraordinary l^ortsbyBotfi Parties
to Carry the State.
NEW YORK'S BITTER CAMPAIGN.
"'"BOSTON, , Nov. S.-r-It is generally
that Roosevelt, will carry
this State and the chiQf interest is in
the size of the vote which will be
4fixen. William L. .Douglass, the Demo
cratic nominee for Governor, .who is
-'opposing Governor Bates, Republican.
Last yea,r. Governor Bates carried the
State by a plurality of 55,984 over Wil
liam A. Gaston, Democrat. The Demo
crats rely largely upon the personal
ity and record of Douglass, assuming
that the latter's position as a large
employer of labor would have much
influencel •'
Old .Bay State for Roosevelt.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 5. — Senator
Dick, chairman of the Republican
State Committee, ' has issued the fol
lowing statement: ' \ .
"Indications are,-that the total vote
of Ohio will "exceed that for Presi
dent in 1900. when it reached l,049,j
121. From reports received from ev
ery county chairman we feel warrant-,
ed in predicting a plurality for Roose
velt greater than Ohio has aver given
a Presidential candidate."
Roosevelt's Plurality Will Exceed
* That Given to McKlntey. <¦
OHIO TO MAKE A RECORD;
Jersey Leaves Doubtful Column,
TRENTON, N. J., Nov. 5. — Deduc
tions from the claims of the rival
managers of both parties indicate that
the electoral vote of New Jersey will
be given to President Roosevelt by at
least 16,000 majority. . ->
Roosevelt, claim their State ticket will
be elected because of the* inbvement
of disaffected Republicans toward the
American party and .thait Uiey will
also carry the Legislature. : : whiph will
elect a United States Senator, this win
der. Republican State Chairman Spry
claims an overwhelming majority in
the .Legislature. ; • . V . • - ' \,-
Continued I From . Page 25> .Column 7.
BALTIMORE, Md. f Nov. 5. — Both
campaign committees claim Maryland.
suit hinges on the labor vote, which
is regarded as an unknown factor.
FINAL CALL=HER ALD POLL
INDICATES A STRONG DRIFT
TO THE REPUBLICAN TICKET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
26
OPIE BEAD
Will contribute a series of arti-
cles to the SUNDAY CALL
commencing November 20, enti-
tled "Jottings of Old Jim Juck-
lin." The first story will be "ON
HELL'"
Be sure you eet THE CALL
and follow this series of articles
carefully. ; "¦;-, .-;
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
Catarrh
Invites .Consumption
It weakens the" delicate lung: tissues,
deranges the . digestive organs and
breaks down the general health, j
It often causes headache and dizzi-
ness/ impairs the .taste, smell and
hearing and ejects the voice. -
. Being .institutional" disease it re-'
quires a constitutional remedy.
Hood's Sarsdparilla
Radically and permanently cures ca-
tarrh of -,the rose, throat, stomach,
bowels and more delicate organs and
builds up the whole system.
No ; substitute for Hood's acts like
Hood's. Be sure to get Hood's.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mail-
ed on request. C. I. HOOD CO.," Lowell,
Ma-UL'- ¦ • ••• . ' '-¦ • ¦ - - -.-¦ ¦. ¦•,.
ApymmsEMEyrs. *. . ¦
g-___S3S-BD B -B_-S_St-Bc_B-S3EiC_B---aBSC-' B| 'B---a--_l-C--S-i_iM_a__3___S--D-fe
Do You Want, to Save
Money? Look at This x
To clean up stock and make room for new goods
now arriving, we offer
25 % OFF FOR CASH
On all Odds and Ends. Come and see for yourself.
Combination
Hair Mattress fi , ve t sheIves - writin ?
_ ,. . . ,, . , desk, etc.; a beauty; ,- <r^_Jj
Genuine Mohair; 30 lbs weight; „„ , t „ . c . , i ¦•-HT v 'Vc
strong ticking; regularly $15.00. "gular $22 0 o. Special (f^;^
Special $8.95 $12.50, ggi-lq
-*^rP '' F?«- * Dresser Jfa i
lw Brilliant r , . . . wWif
__ Jfr »__ c* Golden - oak fin- HtVAxK.
StOVe ish, swell front. (J&&JI
10 years ' g^ar- French plate mir- -jg^^^
twice e value - S P e - ! £*£S2|[
||12^# $27.50 cial this week - !p3~|
*£- >|_ $1 down, $1 S^R K_l *
week. S*w •*_»%/- -
A7P SC or 5 h <& -Furniture and Carpets for 87-50 Cash and 81-50 per
V / fc.Week. We make a specialty of furnishing flats complete. We
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO.
336-342 POST STREET
ADVKKTISKMEXTS.
THE ROOT OF THE 5IATTER.
He Cured Himself of Serious Stonmcli
Trouble by Getting Down lo
First Principles.
A man of large affairs in one of our
ITominent Eastern cities, by too close
attention to business, too little exercise
and too many club dinners, finally be-
gan to pay nature's tax; levied in the
lorm of chronic stomach trouble; th^
l allure of his digestion brought about
a nervous irritability, making it impos-
sible to apply himself to his daily busi-
ness and finally deranging the kidneys
and heart.
In his own words he savs: "I con-
sulted one physician after another and
each one seemed to understand my
case, JLmt all the. same they each failed
to bring about the return of my former
digestion, appetite and vigor. For two
yeans I went from pillar to post, from
one sanitarium to another, I gave up
smoking, 1 yuit coffee and even re-
nounced my daily glass or two- of beer,
but without any marked improvement.
•'Fritiids had often advised me to try
a well-known proprietary medicine,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and I had
often perused the newspaper advertise-
ments of the remedy, but never took
any stock in advertised medicines Jior
could bc-li^ve a fifty-cent patent medi-
cine would tout-h my case.
"To make a long story short I finally
bought a couple of • packages ' at the
nearest drug store and took two or
three ta.biets after tacli meal and occa-
sionally a tafclet between meals, when. I
felt any feeling of nausea or diseom-
lort. :"v-'
'1 was Eurprised.at ihe end of the
first week to note a marked improve-
ment in my appetite and general health
and before the two packages were gor.e
1 was certain that Stuart's Dyspei>sia
Tablets was going: to cure completely
and they did not disappoint me. I can
cat and sleep and enjoy my coffee and
cigar and no one would suppose I had
ever known the horrors of dyspepsia.
"Out of friendly curiosity I wrote to
the proprietors of the remedy asking
for information as to whait the tablets
contained and they replied that the
principal ingredients were aseptic pep-
Bin (covernment test), malt, diastase
and other natural digestives, which di-
gest food "regardless of the co-ndition of
the stomach."
The root of the matter is this, the
digestive elements contained in Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets will digest the food,
give the overworked stomach a chance
to recuperate and the nerves and whole
system receive the nourishment which
can only cu-me from food; stimulants
and r.erve tonics never give real
strength; they give a fictitious strength
invariably folio-wed by reaction. Every
drop of blood, every nerve and tissue is
manufactured from our daily food and
if you can insure its prompt action and
complete digestion by the regular use
of so good and wholesome a remedy as
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, you will
have no need of nerve tonics and sani-
tariums.
Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
have bt^en in the market only a few-
years, yet probably every druggist in
the I'nited States, Canada and Great
Britain now sells them and considers
them the most popular and successful
of any preparation . for stomach
trouble.
{•. ADVERTISEMEBfTQ.
We Make Clothes Like These
To Order and GuaranteeThem
The quality of our made-to-measure suits is so thoroughly good that we offer a liberal
First, we give your money back if you are not pleased. You don't hear of other tailors
doing this.
Second, we repair, sponge and press all clothes free of charge as long as the garments are
in service. )
We do this for two reasons — to establish the faith we have in our suits and to protect the
Come in, look over our clothes — take some samples home— examine them carefully— com-
pare them with others — select a pattern that pleases — then come in for your measure.
If you are not entirely satisfied when the suit is finished you are only out the time actually
required in looking into the proposition.
. Could we say or do more to prove the value of the^ suits? ... . . . ,. ; J
The prices range from $10 to $35, and each price within the range is fully one-third
lower than that asked by other tailors for the very same quality of garments.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers through our self-measuring system — write for
blank and samples.
Special for Monday and |-V Tkl \ A f(f\ _Tfc i^tl C» dTTk We sell the best dollar hat
Tuesday-Pajamas of mad- B| II I A) M 3 f in San Francisco. See them
ras and percale in plain ' 1^- r J W y xa/ w \^ _
shades and striped effects; ' "^ m our show wmdows to-
regularly $1.50. Special at 740 Market Street, Corner Powell morrow and judge for your-
$1.00 a suit. and Eddy Streets. | self - '
*r*** tf_-^ -^ * m £ ' ' "*
fe-^= : "^' ; "" •••"••¦'•• - : -•¦•-•• •¦ r * 7^.ffg|*fc
• •¦ . San Franeisio. Emjday', November 6, 1904. v ' ..
A good many trasies on the Breuner ledser that have been there for yeare.
. "QUAUTY". baa kept them there.
~ :5 ?S!ii5ililiiivv/
The mirror quite
an attractive feature
A much more attractive folding bed than many
I selling at a similar price, because of the attention
given to such details as the mirror, carving and; small :
shelves on top. Finished golden and provided with a
very durable, comfortable woven wire. , A double bed
and easy to handle. Price $31.50. .
Fifty miles freight charges saved on your furni-
ture if } r ou buy at Breuner's, remember.'
I (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareGRIDLEY, Nov. 5.— A large audience
greeted Duncan E. McKinlay at the
opera-house here to-night, the meeting
being the last the Republican Con
gressional nominee will address in the
Sacramento Valley. • The gathering
was an appropriate ; ending for the
splendid campaign of logic and f".ct
which has marked McKinlay's utter
ances on the platform, for the reason
that dozens of voters in _ this section
had refrained from deciding upon a
choice for Congressman until they had
heard both candidates. The masterly
address of Mr. McKinlay to-night,
dealing with the principles of govern
ment, the policies and , purposes of the
Republican party and questions of "na
tional moment, rather than a discus
sion of personal ambitions and qualifi
cations, took tb.3 audience by storm.
McKinlay spoke nearly two hours,
covering every question at issue be
tween the two great parties and deal
ins in terms, of hisrh Draise with the
Duncan E. McKinlay Discusses Issues
of the Campaign.
BIG RALLY AT GRIDLEY.
There are 200.000 Finns in the
United States.
RECEPTION FOR FATHER YORKE.-«Tlie
members of the Men's Confraternity of St.
Brendan's Church, composed of more than 400
men. will tender a reception to Father Yorke
at St. Brendan's llali. Fremont and Harrison
Btreets. on Monday evening:.
JUVENILE OFFENDER ARRESTED.— Eu-
E^ne Samisruet. 14 years old, was arrested by
Policeman fottie yesterday and detained at t!i«
City Hall station p«n<1inK the capture of hlo
three companions. All four v/ere implicated
Jn the holding up and robbing of a newRhoy
last Sunday morning at I^arkin and Market
streets. They got >1 r>5 from the newsboy,
whose name is withheld until the other boys
are arrested.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5. — The officials of i
the Southern Pacific Company have ;
come to the conclusion that the acci- !
dent to the Atlantic Express at Pey- !
ton, near Martinez, Friday night, was j
not the result of a plot to wreck the j
train. The obstruction which the en- >
gine struck is believed to have been i
accidentally placed on the track. ;
Trnin Wreck Accidental.
The boys of . the newly organized
Golden Gate Junior Tennis Club held
their first tournament •¦¦yesterday on.
tho nark courts. It was a class sin
gles event, in which the contestants
were divided into three classes. Miles
McLoughlin carried off the honors in
the first class. II. Strachan won the
second, and the third class was un-
The players were' well classified,
with the exception' of R. Strachan.
He won all of his matches easily and
proved that he belongs properly in the
first class. - Play in the other two
classes was exceedingly close.
In the first class there were only
three matches actually played. All
three were close, two of them going
to three .sets. In the finals McLaugh
lin and Martinez were evenly matched.
McLoughlin lost the first set, 6-4, but
won the second and third sets by a
finished. Easton reached the finals,
where he will meet the winner of the
Crane-Gunst match..
First class — M. McLoughlin beat H.
Getz, 6-4. 6-4; Martinez beat Levin
son, 6-3, 3-6, 6-4. Finals — McLough
ljin beat Martinez, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Second class — J. Strachan beat T.
The scores follow
score of 6-4. 7-5.
The best match in the third class
was that between Easton and Morris,
who met in the semi-finals. Easton
lost the first set, but won the next
two by a small margin. Crane and Lev
inson also figured in a close and ex
citing match. After losing the first
set. 6-4, Crane won the next two, 6-2,
8-6.
Riordan, 6-1, 6-3; R. Strachan beat
W. Marcus, 6-0. 6-2; R. Van Vliet
beat Sonntag. 6-3, 6-1; R. Strachan
beat J- Strachan 6-0, 6-1; Van Vliet
beat Wilder. 6-3, 6-1. Finals—Stra
chan beat Van Vliet. 6-1. 6-1.
Third class — Hoenigsburg beat Nel
tor by default: Maggs beat Stewart,
6-2, 4-6. 7-5; Garcia beat Abbot, 6-0,
6-0; Crane beat Levinson, 4-6, 6-2,
8-6; Gunst beat March, 6-2. 6-3; Mor
ris beat Regal, 6-2, 6-2;. Hoenigsburg
beat Levy by default; Garcia beat
Maggs, 4-6, 6-3, 6-1. Semi-finals —
Gunst vs. Crane, unfinished; Easton
beat Morris, 4-6, 7-5. 6-4.
YOUXG TENNIS PLAYERS
HOLD FIRST TOUKXAMKXT
YREKA, Nov. 5. — William H. Al
ford spoke on the trusts and imperial
ism at the Democratic rally In the
opera-house last night. His speech
was well received.
Alford Speaks at Yrcka.
Given Farewell Dinner.
Dr. George Franklin Shiels, who is I
soon to depart for the East, where he j
will reside in the future, was the hon- j
ored guest of the faculty of the San j
Francisco Plyclinic last evening at a j
farewell dinner given at the Palace j
Hotel. The affair was presided over •
by Dr. W. A. Martin. Among those j
present at the dinner were: Dr.!
George Franklin Shiels. Dr. W. A. j
Martin, Dr. M. Regensburger, Dr. G. j
W. Merritt, Dr. Louis Bazet, Dr.
Krutzman, Dr. J. W. Shiels, Dr. J. T-
Watkins, Dr. C. M. Cooper, Dr. A.
O'Niel, Dr. L. Porter, Dr. F. B. Camp
bell. Dr. T. V. Serviss, Dr. H. L. Ryf- j
kogel, Dr. A. H. Wright, Dr. J. H. |
Evans, Dr. A. Zobel, Dr. A. J. Black, j
Dr. C. D. Levison and Dr. Ernest j
Johnston. i
"Colonel Heuer has no favors to ask
of the people of the two districts, and
while Mr. Bell is telling of all he ac
complished in Congress as a matter of
fact during tho period since Colonel
Heuer has been a representative of
the Engineer Department of the Gov
ernment on this coast there has been
no man in the "State of California who
has worked more faithfully, persist
ently and successfully for the inter
ests of all than has he. In one day he
has done more for California than Mr.
Bell could do in a lifetime. He is not
involved politically, personally or so
cially, but Is simply performing a ser
vice with which he is entirely familiar.
"Between those two men then the
Issue is made. Which one are you to
believe?"
" 'I tell you and you may accept it as
true, that it was through my applica
tion to the War Department that I ob
tained this money for the improvement
of the upper river. All I know is I got
the money. Now, let them use it for
the best advantage of this river.'
"I have one brief reply to make to
this and It comes from the lips of
Colonel Huer: 'Mr. Bell's statement
that the Sacramento River allotment
of $22,00 was secured by him is not
the case. Th«? allotment was made by
the Secretary of War from a three mil
lion dollar appropriation placed at the
disposal of tbe Secretary and allotted
upon indorsement of General Macken
zie, Chief of Engineers, upon my rec
ommendation.'
"We now come to another amazing
and most astounding claim of the gen
tleman who is seeking your support.
This is in connection with the appro
priation of $22,000 for the work on
the Sacramento River. Listen to what
he says in connection with that:
"As to the issue created by the state
ments of Mr. Bell and contradicted by
Senator Perkins, the people of this dis
trict have the open records before
them, records documentary, but, best
of all, the record of California's senior
Senator, which for more than a quarter
of a century has been open to the peo
ple of the State of California, under
stood by the people of the State of Cali
fornia and approved by the people of
the State of California because it has
been an honorable, effectual and ex
ceptional one.
"Mr. Bell holds for himself the exclu
sive credit of having secured for Cali
fornia the construction of a Govern
ment collier at Mare Island, and his
reason for so doing was to strengthen
his cause, to bolster up his candidacy
and to give a justification to you for
supporting him.
"As a matter of fact, in the words of
Senator Perkins himself, when it comes
to the construction of the collier on the
Pacific Coast, Mr. Bell had absolutely
nothing to do with the matter.
COLUSA, Nov. 6.— The campaign was
brought to a close here to-night with
a grand Republican rally in which bon
fires blazed, two brass bands furnished
music and hundreds of rockets and
roman candles were sent skyward. A
special excursion train was run from
Sites. The speakers of the evening
were Hon. Judson C. Brusie of San
Francisco and Ernest Weyand, Repub
lican nominee for the Assembly in the
Twelfth District. Mr. Brusie spoke in
part as follows:
WELL-KNOWN REPUBLICAN ORA
TOR WHO ADDRESSED CITIZENS
OF COLUSA.
Congressman Needham was followed
by Senator John F. Davis of Jackson,
who made one of the most eloquent
speeches ever heard in this city.
Congressman Needham will address
his own townspeople at Modesto Mon
day night, when he will be given a
royal welcome home after nearly eight
weeks of campaigning.
Only sixteen hundred persons who
could be seated heard Congressman
Needham in the Barton Opera-house,
but had the theater been three times
as large every seat would have been
taken. When Needham appeared the
cheering did not subside for almost
ten minutes. The Congressman made
a powerful speech, appealing to the In
telligence, sound judgment and patriot
ism of the audience and the ovation
given him at the conclusion was even
greater than that at the opening of the
meeting.
FRESNO, Nov. 5. — Congressman
James Carson Needham, whose cam
paign during the past two weeks has
been a veritable triumphal tour, prac
tically ended his /speechmaking here
to-night, and the city was absolutely
Needham mad. During the early even
ing many special trains pulled into the
'city, bringing delegates from Laton,
Conejo, Oleander, Reedley, Sanger,
Kingsburg, Selma, Fowler, Clovis, Mer
ced and Madera, the latter the home
town of Judge Conley. More than a
thousand men participated in a great
torchlight parade through the principal
streets, every man wearing a golden
silk badge with the words "Roosevelt-
Fairbanks and Needham."
Special Trains Carry Many Visitors to
Hear Congressman.
XEEDIIAM AT FRESNO.
splendid personality and record of
President Roosevelt.
McKinlay addressed a very attentive
audience on the street at Biggs this
afternoon. His visit to the lower por
tion of Butte County has had good re
sults and will add much to his ma
jority.
"The campaign has been conducted
with a much smaller fund than any
previous Presidential campaign for the
past twelve years. The fund this year,
although made up of contributions of
more than 4000 persons, has been
about one-half as large as the Re
publican fund when President McKin
ley was elected in 1896 and about one
half as large as the Democratic fund
when President Cleveland was elected
In 1S92. Every part of this fund has
come from voluntary contributions,
made without demand, importunity or
pressure, and without any agreement,
pledge, promise, assurance or under
standing, expressed or implied, regard
ing the policy or the action of the ad
ministration, or looking to any benefit
or advantage to any contributor ex
cept the benefit which will come to all
business and to all our people from
the continuance of Republican poli
cies and Republican ascendancy.
"To the great body of public-spirited
citizens who from their means and by
their personal efforts have aided in the
arduous labors of the campaign, I re
turn the heartfelt thanks of the com
mittee of 1904."
"To all supporters of Roosevelt and
Fairbanks: The Presidential cam
paign has reached its final stage and
the reports to the' Republican National
Committee from all parts of the coun
try seem to be as complete as it Is pos
sible for ante-election reports to be.
Upon these and the information that
the committee has been able to obtain
I am satisfied that the Republican can
didates for President and Vice Presi
dent will carry every Northern State,
with the possible exception of Mary
land and Nevada, and will not have
less than 314 of the 476 votes in the
electoral college.
NEW TORK, Nov. 6.— Chairman Cor
telyou of the Republican National
Committee late to-nigrht Issued the fol
lowing statement:
Governor Pardee Addresses
a Large Audience
at Napa.
Says Eoosevelt Will Carry
Every Northern State With
Possible Exception of Two
... t : ...
NEEDHAM VISITS FBESNO
PEEDICTS BIG VICTORY
Judson C. Brnsie Disproves
Claims of ; Congress
- man Bell.
Secretaiy Cortelyou Issues
Statement Telling Voters
of the Cost of Campaign
REPUBLICANS Of COLUSA
CLOSE THEIR CAMPAIGN
SMALLEST FOND
USED IN YEARS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER, 6, 1904.
27
ADVEKTISK3EEXTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It Is In
Preserving Health and Beauty.
Xearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it is not a
druq: at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking:, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion*; it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
willow charcoal and other harmless'
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting
lozenges, the charcoal being mixed
with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of It is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, but on the contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels, and to clear the ; com-
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
and throat; I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them: they cost but twenty-five cents
a box at drug stores, and, although
In some sense a patent preparation, yet
I believe I get more and better, char-
coal in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges
than in an-, of the ordinary charcoal
tableU."
Roos Bros. Special -:- Roos Bros, Special -:- Roos Bros, Special
P'TheAmericanBoy"
AAiriKlL-A o mUo I rUrULAK iWALjAZ/liNc rUK BUio JmtSll&mSSSS^ivStt&y
"THE AMERICAN BOY" ...FREE.., AMERICAN BOY"
BY SPECIAL CONTRACT with the publishers, Roos Bros, will give. six months' subscription to the
14 American Boy" to boys whose clothing is bought in our clothing department This is an enterprise
that will surely delight all boys and meet the approval of parents, for "The American Boy" is a
publication that inspires nothing but good.
G. "THE AMERICAN BOY" MAGAZINE is a clean publication; it never contains either in text or adver-
tisements anything that can in the least prove objectionable to the most particular parent It is a maga-
zine that awakens manly instincts and instills worthy 'ambitions; it \z entertaining, instructive, pure.
Easy Conditions A Delightful Present A Well Pleased Boy
All that Is required is to maks a purchass of $3.50 n 9 more charming or delightful present could Roos Bros, qntllty Is so well kno-vn that parents
£**?£ bo" fl^|SfiSl%l|ldi P° ss3b * be mads t0 »y *y for Thanksgiving or and guardian, ma 7 rest assured that the boy will
to a six months' subscription to "The American, Christinas than some article of clothing coupled be doubly pleased— prcud ef his new clothes and
Boy," absolutely free. with this subscription. delighted with his mugiTijt*
TO INTRODUCE "THE AMERICAN BOY" TO THE HOMES OF SAN
FRANCISCO AND VICINITY WE OFFER THE FOLLOWING SPECIALS
At $3.50 At $3.50 At $4.00 At $5.00 At $8.50
Sailor Suits in Navy, Royal, Double - brsastsd, all-wool For the little fellow from . A Great Ccat — Yes, a very A Special in Long Pints
. Brown and Red Serge-trim- ; two-piece suit in Blue Cheviot: 2 / 3 t0 - 8 *5*j* of a ? s -F ancv &t*A coat value f cr boys 7 Su its-Fancy Tweeds-clev-
. ... ,, ... .' ¦ F . , • Overcoats— Navy and Royal to 15 years— long cut— in Ox- , . , , ,
med with five rows white sou- a , sQ , n large variet]e5 of mU _ Blus _ fuH i ene th— valvet col- ford Grays and fancy, stylish "^ cul -e!«nly tailorsd-
tache braid— pants full Silesia turcs ln Brown and Gray— lar— braided front— regulation „ Tweeds— velvet collar— bsltsd double a=d single breasted
lined and taped — ages 3 to 10; . ¦ . ¦ buttons— belted back — O.K.: back — up to date; value $6.50 styles — pee-too trousers —
worth $4.50. , agss 8 to 15; worth $4.50. worth $5.00. and $7.50. worth $10.00.
"American Boy" Special. "American Boy" Special "American Boy" Special "American Boy" Special "American Boy" Special
$3.50 $3.50 $4.00 $5.00 $8.50
Mailorders TJ f\ f\ Q • "D T) f*\ Q Mailorders
Entitle Boys to a IY V/ \J O JO J\ \J O. Entitle Boys to a
.Subscription T r t-% ¦ Subscription
I Kearny at Post. I r
APVEKTIStanEXTS.
WIRELESS
TELEGRAMS
Marconi Makes Important
Announcement.
NEW TRANS-ATLANTIC STATION TO
BE THROWN OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
FOR COMMERCIAL BUSINESS JAN-
UARY 1st.
Several Large Sailing Ves-
sels Now Equipped.
Of all Inventions ever made, wireless
telegraphy is unquestionably the most
wonderful and is called upon to render
the greatest service to mankind.
But few, even among: the best posted,
have even a faint idea of what already
has been accomplished. The Marconi
eystem of wireless telegraphy is now
used every day all over the world. It
has already been tho moans of savins
bui.dreo's of lives and millions of dol-
lars of valuable property.
The Marconi system has numerous
stations in operation in the United
States. Canada. England, Germany,
Italy, Belgium, Holland, France, Spain,
India. China. Russia, Chile. Africa.
South America, Congo and a great many
other places. The Marconi system is
used every day on all the steamers of
the Cunard Line, the lied Star Line, the
Krenoh Line, the Belgian Line, the At-
lantic Transport Line, the IJeaver Line,
the Cunard Line, the Red Star Line, the
Haml'urp-American Line, the Holiand-
Aineriean Line and many others.
It hat? been officially adopted and sub-
Bidiztd with hundreds of thoasands of
dollars aiid is prominently in u?e on all
the principal men-of-war of the leading
Governments of the world. By the
Marconi system wireless telegrams are
fleshed through the air to and from
eteamers thousands of miles away. In-
credible p.s this may seem, nevertheless
it is a fact.
W'i arc living in a remarkably pro-
Cressire age. Any one who has been to
the World's Fair in St. Louis has seen
with his own eyr-s and doubts no longe»>
the wonderful and practical electrical
inventions which are to-day replacing
the slow-going methods of yesterday.
The New York Central Railroad is ex-
pending J40.000.000 in electric locomo-
tives to replace the steam locomotives
on its lines. By this method San Fran-
cisco and New York will within a short
time be only two and a haJf days apart.
Professor Goldsborough, Chief of the De-
partment of Electricity at the World's
Flair, in his report on the latest inven-
tions stated that wireless telegraphy is
the most interesting If not the niost im-
portant invention of the decade, and is
to-day thoroughly and successfully es-
tablished commercially. "It is used far
more than people realize in communica-
tions between stations on land and upon
sea." Newspapers are now published
every day in mid-ocean from news Hash-
ed by Marconi wireless telegraphy to the
trans-Atlantic steamers.
I^lectrical Inventions offer the greatest
opportunities ol our age to those who
have the foresight and tJie courage to
Invest their savings In these latest time,
money and labor saving inventions.
L;rpe fortunes have been made by those
who invested in Edison Electric Light
and in Bell Telephone. The shares of
the Kdison Company increased from $100
to J4000 in one year. The profits of an
ori?i:i:il investment of $100 in Bell Tele-
phone are to-day more than $200,000.
Marconi securities, takeji now, offer as
great an opportunity.
The co.st of installation, of mainten-
ance and of operation of the Marconi
system is so small compared with that
of thf* cable and wire systems that it
can afford to transmit messages for less
tlian half the price of the old systems.
Therefore it stands to reason that the
public always gives the preference to the
cheaper rate. <
Marconi securities have increased 100
per cent during the past twelve months,
a greater increase in value than any
other security in the same time.
Our sale of Marconi securities has
been so successful that within a very
ebort time the stock will be all nold out.
TI:'- Marconi Company is earning money
every day. Its "ship-and-shore" busi-
ness wi!l soon amount to several liundrea
thousand dollars a year. Its trans-At-
lantic stations alone will earn enough to
pay annual dividends of at least 150 per
cent.
As a consequence of increased assets
nnd revenues resulting from the recent
opening f«f several new and important
stations, we advise you now that the
price of Marconi certificates will be fur-
ther advanced any day from $6 to $7
without further warning-.
If you have read tbe newspapers this
past creek you must have seen that Mr.
Marconi, who arrived recently in the Unit-
ed States, announced to the world that
the new trans-Atlantic station will be
thrown open to the public for/ commer-
cial business on January 1. Immediately
following; this most important event in
the history of the world, there is no
doubt WyaX Marconi securities will be
worth from two to three times or more
\\\c present pri'-p. In view of the above
J'acts. you Should lose no time in secur-
ing a!! you can afford to take.
Send immediately for our free 20-page
Illustrate,] pamplilft containing the most
ccmplete information on the Marconi
Bystetn. its uses, the field of its opera-
tions, the record of its achievements, its
marine service, its list of nearly 250 sta-
tions in operation all over the world, and
Knowing its earnings and enormous pro-
Jits. Th>» time to buy is now. so investi-
gate at one/ 1 . If you wait you will be
too late. "STonr opportunity will soon be
gone. t
Th» stock is full paid and non-assessa-
ble. We receive subscriptions in blocks
of 20 ••?•rtitieatrs at $0 each for cash or
on easy payments.
\V> will send you with our pamphlet a
copy of the Mii-Ocean Daily, a news-
pw; rr published on board' passenger
Mfami-rs on the Atlantic. Send for it to-
day — riirht now — before you throw this
paper away — otherwise you might forget
it. A posts] card will do.
You an* welcome to «-.all at our office
and see the Marconi instruments in ope-
ration.
Address all communications and make
ell clierVijt payable to
F. P. WARD & CO, Bankers
408, 410 and 412 Crcsslsy Building
San frrnrUco, Cal.
JCew Tork. Chicago. Plttsburg, St. LouTs.
Philadelphia.
Too can write i:s in English. French,
German, Italian. Spanish or Scandina-
vian.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montgomery Street.
Capital paid op S 600,000
Civi.iEnds \i\\ ta depositors . 1,656,226
RCHAS. CAUPT. rr-tlient.
ATSTUUR LEGALLET. Vlc*-Presldent.
I.KON BOCWUKKAZ. Secretary.
JOHN* GINTY. A6£t. Secretary.
SZSEOTOSS:
Dr. E. Artisuet, Chse. C"arpy. Leon KauCman.
O. Boiio, J. U. Clot. A. Itoos,
Leon Hocqufraz. J. M. Dupas. A. Lecallct.
J. A. BerrTot. J. S. GotJe-au. J. J. Mack.
Inu-rest paid on deposits. Loans made on
Real Estate End approved securities. '
PDTTQUT7C FOR barbers, ba-
D 11 U Oil HO *"*• bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewer*, bookbinders, candy makers, cancers,
4y*n. Sour mills, foundries laundries, paper-
hangers, printer*. . painters, eho* factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCUA2TA2T 2SOS,
Brash Kan uf acturers. COS Sacramento St.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xs tho only euro for K>rvous sad
Bronchial ASTEMA.
Tour Druggist or at 598 HAIGHT ST.,
San Francisco. Cal.
Weekly Call, SI per Year
: ¦ _^___^____ AD VERTISJaiEXTS.
The Magnificent State Capitol Building of Alabama.
r\NE of the most wonderful .^___^___ HM __..^._______i____«___ Postmaster of Mobile.
medicine is the multitude COVCrilOr Of Alabama Commends Hon. P. D. Barker. Postmas-
of indorsements which Peruna . Peru-na. * er ° f^ IO K bi , le> ! " a reCCnt letter
is receiving as a catarrh cure In a letter dated July 26, 1899. written from Mont- rr ° m Mobl - e - AI- *- says:
from men of national impor- gomery, Ala., Governor Joseph J. Johnston says: "Allow me to send to you my
tance tt , . n o , testimonial as to the good ciual-
The most distinguished men- ' J°' n Congressman Brewer in commending mes ot peruna. i have used it
of the United States have no Peruna." — Joseph J. Johnston. for the past three month3 and
hesitation in lending their in- ¦ fl" d * s » m 08 * excellent
fluence to assist in letting the , tonic."— P. 1 D. Barker,
public know of the merits of Peruna. runa as an excellent tonic, and it Is rec- | y s M ars f| a l Northern District
• Nearly one-half the people are In some ommended to me by those who have used _ r nnnnr tt' « f!>^>,,i *„,
!MiE?iSui Mwm m. sood mmmmmm |p^™ip?^^
tional import that the people should Registrar United States Land Offfce ,JJ dS?me somuch
Know or reruna. ,,,«,„„„ x> a \Hon. Robert Barber. Register United good that I cannot speak too highly of it.
Catarrh is an American disease. Pe- gtates L&nd Offlce> wrUes from M(mt . R for & ghQrt and
runa is an American remedy improved rapidly from the first
Catarrh is a result of changeable cli- some Ume jj haye been & gufferer " rea much a riacd at
mate Peruna is a result of long and frQm catarrh Jn lta . lnci lent stage , so ¦ £ h lck and % ffective CU re."-Dan
careful experimentation much so that j be=ame depre ssed and Cooper.
£§p«g|^H^ ass k.'sssjs R-rr., 1 ".^ S *¦ pi •£*£ °— «•
membranes. Peruna enables : the nerve remed j , t a falr trla j and Hon. L. J. Bryan. U. S. Marshal for the
centers to repel and expel the catarrh Jm ve# Itg effects werc distIn ctly Southern District of Alabama, writes:
from the system. ' beneficial, removing the annoying symp- "I have used Peruna for catarrh a
Catarrh is a systemic disease and cur- toms &nd wag ticularly good as a short time and have also had several
able only by systemic treatment. tonic" Robert Barber friends try it and they all pronounce it
The remedy that cures catarrh must * " tne best ca tarrh remedy every put on the
aim directly at the depressed nerve cen- Collector Of Port. market. It cannot be praised too hlgh-
ters. This is what Peruna does. Hon. J. K. Burke, Collector of Port, ] y ." l_ j. Bryan.
Redeemer Of Public Monzys Mobile, Ala., writes: If you do not derive prompt and satls-
Hon lohn C Lef twich. Redeemer of "Peruna I cari recommend as a fine factory' results from the use ofPerar..".
pJbTic Mone|S whose office is in the mediae. It has been used in my fam- J^g^flSffifeaSSS
Postoffice Building, in a letter written ily and as a tonic it is excellent. I take Ohio and ho win g , ve you the beneflt ot
from Montgomery, Ala., says: pleasure in testifying to its fine quali- his "valuable advice gratis. All corre-
"I tak# pleasure in recommending Pe- ties." — J. K. Burke. spondence strictly confidential.The fact that the chairman and di- !
rectors of British" railways are not, as
a rule, htgh salaried experts like the
presidents and vice president .of 1
American roads has made the posi- ¦
tlon of general manager on British ;
railways one of the first importance. :
The salaries paid by the great British
companies to their general managers
range as high as $30,000 a year. "The
first discovery that any one makes on
being appointed to such a post," said j
Sir George Findlay of the London and I
Xorth western, himself one of the best j
of English . railway managers, "is • that ;
if the day consisted of • forty-eight |
hours instead of twenty-four, "and !
¦every hour were devoted to his office, !
his time would etill- be insufficient to J
meet the demands on it."- One of the!
maxims Sir George laid down for
economizing time was: "Always make
a point of refusing, except, of course.
In special circumstances, to see chance
callers."— New York Commercial.
The General Manager Is "It."
Since the decree of the Czar in 1S99
depriving the people of Finland of their
constitutional liberty. 150,000 Finns
have come to the United States. New
comers are looked out for by the Fin
nish Exiles' Club, at Battery Park.
New York. Ten per cent of Finland's
population of 2,000,000 is now in
America.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5. — To-day's
rather dull trading in stocks was
largely in. the hands of room traders
and their uncertain mood left small
impression on the market. The tone
of the market was decided by the
United States Steel stocks. These
were affected by realizing and the
traders sold In consequence. There
was a rally late in the morning on
covering of shorts, but prices eased
off again in sympathy with the late
decline of a point of United States
Steel preferred. The decline of 1%
in Amalgamated Copper was an addi
tional iniluence in affecting a market
which, was still largely given out to
the industrial specialties. There was
no marked pressure to sell the stocks,
but the disinclination to proceed With
speculative ventures until after the
election left little sustaining power.
There has been a halt In the spec
ulative activity of the stock market
this week and a reactionary tendency.
The week's movement' of; prices, how
ever, was irregular and mixed, the list
at one time moving in unison and va
ried- by occasional 'reactions both
ways.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va., Nov. 5.
D. J. Samuel McCue, for two terms
Mayor of Charlottesville and for many
years a lawyer at the bar before
which he was tried, was to-day found
guilty of murder in the first degree
on the charge of having killed his
wife. This verdict carries the death
penalty.
When the verdict was reached Mc-
Cue showed no signs of emotion, but
when his little daughter, with eyes
reddened by crying, climbed upon his
knees and hi? relatives moved near
him. tears streamed down the defejid
ant'B cheeks and the anguish he felt
wap depicted on hJs face.
Th.? crime was committed on the
OAKLAND, Nov. 5. — As the close
of the Presidential campaign draws
near Republican meetings and rallies
are being held in all parts of Alameda
County and there is little doubt that
this county will fully uphold its repu
tation as a stanch Republican strong
hold by polling a big majority for
Roosevelt and Fairbanks. . Republi
can leaders in all parts of the county
are confident that Roosevelt's major
ity will be as large as any ever re
corded here for a Republican Presi
dent.
Close the Campaign.
Proximity of Presidential
Election Has an Effect
on the Dealers in Stocks
Former Mayor of Virginia
Town Is Adjudged Guilty
of Murder in First Degree
NOOSE AWAITS
A WIFE SLAYER
SPECULATORS
MOVE SLOWLY
night of September 4 last. Mr. and
Mrs. McCue had gone to church, re
turning home about 9 p. m. Shortly
afterward Mrs. McCue's dead body,
clad in a night robe, was found in a
bathtub filled with water. McCue
cla'lmed that he had been knocked
senseless and his wife probably killed
by some one who had. entered their
house while they were away.
Anna Gould. Countess de Castellane.
has some much-named children. They
, are named in a petition signed by the
Countess as Marie Jean Jay George
Paul Ernest Boniface de Castellane.
Georges Gustave Marie Antoinette
Boniface Charles de Castellane and
Jason Honore Louis Sever de Castel
lane.
America means to pay full and
proper respect to all international law
and usage, as her prompt action In the
Guerney case shows. But just the
same she does not expect the gentle
men who come here in diplomatic ser
vice, to act as If superior to all law.
There are two sides to most of the lit
tle flurries like the present one. —
Philadelphia Press.
Two Sides to the Flurry.
MODESO, Nov. 5. — The Superior
Court to-day committed Mrs. James
Bonett to the Asylum for the Insane
at Stockton. She killed her husband
Tuesday nfght after losing her mind
through excitement caused by religious
revival meetings at Turlock. During
the examination she continually pro
claimed she had killed her husband
because it had been ordained by God.
Modesto Woman, Who Murdered Her
Husband, Is Judicially Declared
to Re Insane.
MRP. BOXETT IS COMMITTED ,
TO ASYLUM AT STOCKTON
Offers of Firms to Complete Work at
¦ Marc Island Considered Exces
sive In Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 5. — The
Bureau of Yards and Docks probably
will reject all the bids that ware re
ceived last Saturday for the corrVple
tion of the big drydock at thf* Mare
Island Navy Yard. The bids are con
sidered excessive and .if the contract
j were made on the basis of these figures
j the cost of the dock would far exceed
i the original estimate and the amount
{ available for the work.
! It is probable that the work will be
j carried on by yard labor, except in
certain parts, such as furnishing: the
electrical material and building the
caisson, which would have to be done
under contract.
Nir\V BIDS ARK WANTED
FOR NAVY YARD DOCK
The dedicatory exercises com
menced at 2:30 p.'m. Mayor J. Thom
as presided and at his signal the stars
and stripes were hoisted by jackies
from the U. S. S. McCulloch. She
band played the 'Star-Spangled Ban
ner" and a salute of twenty-one guns
was fired when the flag unfurled in
the breeze. The school children of
Sausalito sang the "Red, White and
Blue" and waved small flags.
Chairman Thomas then introduced
Captain J. C. Cantwell, who. after de
livering an eloquent address on the
history of the flag, formally presented
it to Sausalito.
Town Trustee W. J. Martin followed,
and In an eloquent address accepted
the flag on behalf of the citizens of
SAUSALITO, Nov. 5. — To-day was a
gala one for Sausalito, the occasion
being the presentation and dedication
of a flag and pole to the town. The
merchants took a half holiday and the
residents gathered at the plaza to at
tend the exercises. The flag was pre
sented to Sausalito by Captain Harold
Cloke, who was recently stationed at
Fort Baker. Captain Cloke was one
pt the most popular officers at the
fort and married a Sausalito belle.
The pole was presented by William A.
Boole of the Boole Shipbuilding Com
pany. It is tall and massive and can
be seen from many points around the
upper bay.
Sausalito. At the conclusion of the ex
ercises the school children were given
a candy feast.
The Hag pole will be of crreat benefit
to yachtsmen and fishermen, as the
weather signals will hereafter be dis
played from it.
SCENE ATTENDING THE RAISING AND tTNFURLING TO THE BREEZE OP
THE HANDSOME NEW AMERICAN FLAG PRESENTED TO THE THRIV
ING TOWN OF SAUSALITO BY ONE OF HER PUBLIC SPIRITED CITIZENS.
The accident was due to a dense fo^.
A southbound passenger coach, which
was a few minutes late, stopped to al
low passengers to get off, and a work
train following closely crashed Into it.
A northbound passenger car ap
proached and stopped at the scene, too,
and also was rammed by a closely fol
lowing work train.
Both the cars in the first collision
were smashed to kindling wood and the
passenger car which received the Im
pact of the second accident was badly
shattered, but was run to the city.
Among those severely injured are:
Motorman Seamans of the work car.
body badly crushed, will probably die;
Thomas Wilkinson, foreman of; con
struction, leg broken; Oscar Dalton.
shoulder dislocated; Thomas Galvin,
foreman, ankle Injured, cheeks torn
open; II. Dalton, scalp cut, wrist bro
ken; J. W. Dalton, neck cut. shoulder
sprained; N. A. Dalton. leg bruised;
James Lorenso, arm sprained; Joseph
Lorenso. leg injured; E. C. Mitchell,
right ear torn, body bruised; Allan
Shaw, leg sprained, hand cut; M. An
derson, face cut, hip injured; Jack
Barnett, badly bruised about head;
Thomas Mulligan, bruised on body.
L.OS ANGELES, Nov. 5.— The most
serious accident in the history of the
Pacific Electric Raihvay Company's
Interurban system occurred about 7
o'clock this morning at Willow Brook,
a station on the Long Beach line, ten
miles south of Los Angeles. Forty-eight
persons, according to the company's
official list, were injured. Of these
fifteen were passengers, two were car
men, one was foreman in charge of a
work crew and thirty were Mexican
laborers employed on construction
work by the railroad. No one was
killed and physicians in attendance
upon the injured to-night believe all
will recover. The majority of tho.-»e
hurt suffered from cuts, bruises, con
tusions and a severe shaking up.
though several sustained fractures and
sprains.
"George P. Adams Esq., Registrar
of Voters. City. Hall, City — Dear Sir:
We beg leave to acknowledge your
favor of November 2, with regard to
the action of the Department of Elec
tions regarding the names of persons
submitted as being illegally on the
Great Register of this city and county.
"We are pleased to know that the
work done by us is appreciated by
the Election Commissioners, but note
with considerable surprise your state
ment that our lists were not carefully
prepared and were, as a matter of
fact, erroneous in a majority of cases.
"Out of a list of about three hun
dred and fifty names in all submitted
by us to date, not including Chinese,
you have so far only claimed that we
were mistaken in thirty-seven. Un
der the present showing, therfefore, it
would not appear to be a fact that we
were in error in anything like a ma
jority of cases submitted by us to you.
It would be remarkable, indeed, if, in
preparing lists of this sort with the
limited time at our disposal, they
should be absolutely free from error.
The sources, however, from which we
have derived our information are
sources in which we have the utmost
confidence, and every list of names,
before being submitted to the Elec
tion Commissioners, has been very
carefully checked and verified.
"Referring, particularly to the names
of those persons as to whom you claim
we were in error and who are claimed
by you to be properly upon the Great
Register we have no desire to deprive
any of these gentlemen of their re
spective rights to vote at the coming
election if they are properly enrolled
on the Great Register. And if these
persons have, as requested by us, been
cited to appear before the Election
Commissioners and have then and
there, under oath, proved to the satis
faction of the Commissioners that
their names were properly on the
Great Register we are entirely satis
fied with the result.
"Referring to the list of Chinese
submitted by us to you, will you kind
ly inform us whether, in investigating
the legality of the registration of these
Chinese, you have ascertained wheth
er those under 31 years of age who
appear on the register were interro
gated and out upon their oath
as to their' ability to read
the: '.constitution in ; the Eng
lish language • - and write .their • own
names.' As vou will recall from our
former communication' upon this sub
ject^that .was the, point of our' criti
cism against the registration of Chi
nese and our criticism about this Chi
nese registration was not directed to
a question of residence.
"We hand you herewith an addi
tional list, containing names of par
ties registered from various locations
in the city, who, our information
causes us to believe, do not reside at
those places at the present time. We
would respectfully request in this, as
in previous cases, that these parties
be Immediately cited to appear and
show cause why their names should
not be stricken from the Great Regis
ter. Respectfully yours,
"MERCHANTS* ASSOCIATION.
"L. M. KING. Secretary."
The Merchants* Association yester
day transmitted to the Registrar of
Voters an additional list of 202 names
of persons who are reported to be il
legally registered. The association
also addressed" this important com
munication to the Registrar:
"SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Nov. 5.
Physicians in Attendance on
Victims Are of the Opinion
That All Will Recover
REGISTRAR IS SILENCED
FORTY' -EIGHT INJURED
Merchants' Association Hot
After the Men That Are
Seeking to 'Vote Illegally
Sausafto Is Presented With a Pfap
Serious Accident Occurs on
Electric Line Ten Miles
South of Los Angeles
GUNS BOOM SALUTE
AND CHILDREN SING
MORE STUFFERS
ARE DISCLOSED
CAKS COLLIDE
IN DENSE FOG
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER «. 1904.
28
ADVEHTISKMEXTS.
C. V. WAGNER & CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants,
115-117 BUSH STREET.
CANNED FRUITS AT AUCTION.
ATTEIN-riOIN!
EXPOnTEES. DEALERS. HOTELKEEPEKS. BAKERS. RESTAURANTS. GROCERS,
STEAMSHIP COMPANIES, RAILROADS AND CONTRACTORS.
JUST IN 1 TIME FOR YOUR THA\KSGIVI\G AND HOLIDAYS
22,860 Cases
of the well-known high grade
Canned Fruit and Vegetables
Seiected an4 rut Up In the Napa Valley, CaWornla. Will Be Sold AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904
At 11 o'clock A. M., by Catalogue.
Removed Direct From the JCapa Cannery for Convenience of Sale to the Premises
25 Battery Street.
Between BCsh and Piae : .Ban Franciico. . California.
Cnrirfjrtinsr of Standard, Extra Standards. Extras. Solid Packs. Peaches, Apricots, Black
and White and Royal Ann Cherries, Green Gaps. E« K Plums. Blackberries, Tomatoes. Etc.
REMnilBER Date, Hour and Place of Sale: Thursday, November 10th. 1904. 11 o'clock
A. U. ;» battery Street, bet. Bush ana Pine, San Francisco.
C. V. WAGNER & CO.. Auction and Com mission Merchants.
116 Bui,h Street. Ran Francisco.
MAX COHEN.. Auctioneer.
• - APVEKT1SKMEXTS. _^^
Have Been Spent to Give Liquozone Free to the Sick.
¦ We have bought a 50c bottle of Liquozone— and given it free to each of 1,800,000 sick ones. And we
have spent over $1,000,000, in one year, to announce and fulfill this offer. May we buy you a bottle to
show you the wonderful product which warrants an offer like that?
Before we bought the rights to Li- suit is to get into a liquid, and thus sick humanity than all the drugs in Dandruff— r>rcp«y stomach Troubu
quozone. we tested it for two years, into the blood, a powerful, yet harm- use combined. E^enST— Erysipeu, ?l!t£reuu>w" b1 **
through physicians and hospitals, in less, germicide. Another result is to .We paid $100,000 for the American Fevers— can stones Tumors— cic*r»
this country and others. We proved create a vitalizing tonic with which' rights to Liquozone; and the British gotT^*!! 0^!^! » varicocei*
it in all kinds of germ diseases— in no other known product can compare, rights sold for a similar sum. Those A u afseases that berhT^uh ' ££r^u is.
thousands of the most difficult cases l/:il c Incirlp Pa« mc are tne highest prices ever paid for flammauon— au catarrh— an contagious dis-
obtainable.. And we cured with it IYH10 lll^IUC vjCI II155. similar rights on any scientific discov- th * result9 of lm P ur# or poi»one4
nearly >cvery . disease which was con- The great value of Liquozone lies cry. We tell you this fact because it in "nervous debility Mquozone act* as a n.
sidered incurable. in the fact that it does what oxygen illustrates the value of Liquozone. A taliz « r . accomplishing- what no drujs can da
We knew then that the product was does. Oxygen is the "vital part of air, product whose rights can bring a FlPSt KOttle Fpee *
of vital worth to humanity. We knew the very source of vitality, the most price like that must have very great Tf „_ , . T . . ,
-that everywhere there was sickness essential element of life. It is the merit— must be of very great worth „-" f «-.^ 'f liquozone. and have
which Liquozone alone could cure, blood food, the nerve food, the scav- to humanity. ««« k!t« "» Please send -us the 1 cou-
¦ and. suffering which, nothing, but Li- enger of the blood. It is oxygen that Germ Hi«;en«5e« L " D . e ' OWl >Vc will then send vou
quozone could stop. We knew, that turns the blue blood to red in the T h "!? " 1Sea SeS. an , O rd ere »n a local druggist for a full-
thousands died daily whom Liquozone lungs; that eliminates the waste tis- These are the known germ diseases; sized bottle-a 50c bottle-and will
could save. ¦ sue and builds up the new. Too lit- j" *"<*?*" m %S r *^ poisons which PJJ the druggy ourselves for ,t Thi,
But what was the best way to quick- tie oxygen always causes lack of vi- f" m . s . c . r " te :. e are \ he peases applies only to the hr»t bottle, of
ly let the sick, ones know it? . How tality. An excess of it gives sirength *° whlch medicine does not apply, tor course— to those who have never
could we get this help to them at to every function of Nature. Sr? 5 ' li Thl, . t u- «
once? How could we best convince Oxygen is [also a germicide. The t A " , tha . t medicine can do for these The acceptance of this offer places
them that. Liquozone did what medi- reason is that germs are vegetables; U°" bl f 3 t 1S /° aCt aS fI ? tOnic ' aid ' n * JSil, t« ™ obIlgatlons -, We s ™ply
cine never could do? and an excess of oxygen-the very life ****** to overcome the Rerms. But 0 , c °nv,nce you; to let the prod-
Wc decided to buy the first bottle of an. animal-is deadly to vegetal £?> e SJS^ Th™ ™ ' "" d °-
and give it free to every sick one we matter. .. ta m \- t - They , d , e . p end . on the Patients Then you can judge by results as to
learned of.. -,We, would let the prod- Liquozone acts like oxygen. But it "" 5 ?Ji OT * nr Vh" f^w WCrC K P !f" 0 " Ish , f to * on }™ e - :
uct itself prove its power. So we pub- docs more than oxygen, because U is f" lbed f for J hc^ e rt troubles ' n ? b ? dy vn « t u t °?? r ltSeIf J shouId convince
lished thi? offer, -again and again, in stable. It carries its virtues into the S?JI-°L g " I ? s - t JS w t J venr Kg°dp h ]r- you that Liqnoxone does as we claim,
nearly every newspaper in America/ blood to go wherever the blood goes. ?»«an knows that thev call for a We would certainly not buy a bottle
• The.result is- that millions use Li- It is a remarkable tonic-the best ge r micide^ Si 81 !? lt l f. y0 1 li there was an V
quozone now. Your own neighbors, thing in the world for you. Yet it Liquozone alone can destroy the doubt of results. You want these re-
whercver you are. can tell you about is a germicide so certain that we pub- ca . use of f i hcs . e Irt Rubles. It goes suits, you want to.be well and to keep
it. And half the people one meets, in lj s h In every bottle an offer of $1000 where ver the blood goes. No germ *ell. Then be fair enough to your-
any part of America, know some one for a disease germ that.it cannot kill. 5?" * scape Jt ' "wi^J 14 ! 8 - Tn ? ° «t li, acccpt ° ur offer .to-dav. Let
whom Liquozone -has cured. The discoverer of Liquozone has disease germ which can resist it. Dis- "* show you, at our expense, what this
m«r^ ¦ • w the v-eat nroblem nf killing eases which have resisted medicine for wonderful product means to you. ,
What Liquozone Is. d iVbSy^SiidUnS^S ars i?S d a ! TVZ L Li T- one ' and , u w°™ costs w and :
Liquozone is not a medicine. It is tissues," too. And' there is no other " n J U 5 CS T « "t t t Y^i of^tl C j"° nCV " CUT OUT THIS COUPON 1
not made by compounding acids'; or way. . Any drug that kills germs is a f» reS '. [n . a . n / -^ff' ° fa " y dl scas f ! n «" «"» er fc maT , not ap^ r «S? nu
gas-larg ? ly oxyg™ K a S -bv . pro- any ma, knows to «nd the caus. of %£?*> " " "'• fiS^^TSSiSSC'iU^
cess requiring immense appartus and any germ disease. Absces*-Anaemu Kidney Disease. wl " "apply m« a coc. botu« free 1 wm
14 days' time. Each cubic. inch! of 'Li- i\U.,<» si'^+iW*^' ™™; b £ la , La Grippe tak.it.
quozone requires the use of 1250 cubic Nine NatlOnS HgfrSS.- ¦ iSTx^U,
inches of gas.. ; r -;* ¦ ¦ • . Now use Liquozone. The product is Bowel Trouble* Malaria— Neuralgia •
Liquozone is the result of a process, more widely employed than any medi- g£fu£puon da «?S^?S2nSu We "
which, for more than 20 years, has cine ever was; more widely prescribed cone— croup piaurisy— Quinsy «i*"*"'Xi"**^".V J v
beenthe constant subject of scientific by the better physicians. And no one cat^rh^cSncer scroruu-s™ wiu " Olv ' fa " addre«^-writ. plainly.
and chemical research. The main re- can doubt that it is doing more for Dysentery— Diarrhea skm Diseases * Lion^Jf-io 1 ,*^ «r hospital not y«t u«ia«
jU^^I Ki^unone wm d« giaajy «ujpU«d for a ttsZm
The greatest sale ever held in this city— and the most successful. But there's 1
a reason— it's the faith of the people that counts, and we have never broken it*, i
The contractors adding several more Stories to our building have disappointed |
us, and we have been obliged to c'ear our stock to make room for our holiday |
goods. This week we add carpets and draperies to the big sale. Do not miss it. 1
LIBERAL CREDIT TO YOU AND EASY PAYMENTS. 1
Your Pin Money Will Buy Any One of These ||
1 1 I A H
I . $5.50 RATTAN ROCKER M^; $3 .;^ 0 f NAB ? L^? B f ED ~ 6. $30.00 FOLDING BED- 1
c, i i_ i Made with strong durable frame, T, , , , , .., . B
— Mrong: basket weave, but gives any size. C1 *7C Golden oak, mantel top with mir- H
with the body's weight. A great This week 1 . 1 J ror. Patent dust proof mattress. Ad H
comfort chair for tired tf*^ qp ' justable to avoid crowd- CO/Yfifi §
people. Now $C.OD 4 . $ 2 5 COUCH - Of "Chase" ing of bedding. Now. : 45^ v » vu i
__^_^^^_^^^_^^__^^ leather, spring seat, clipper edge, mmm—— —————— — i^^jB
1 warranted not to peel or (TIC t\(\ ° m
2. $8.75 CHIFFONIER- »ack. Now 7. $7.50 HALL STAND- I
Made of cedar, golden finish. Five —^"— — —^— — — — — Golden oak, 66 inches high; dia- y
drawers with locks and keys and 5 - 51-75 to $3.00 ARECA mond-shaped ' mirror. Umbrella H
brass handles. Very jg 05 E£gS^^^«§ and cane rack and brass 75 |
large. Cut to 'P J * OJ ing thsm out at ...... 75C hathooks. Now- . . . . .*•*•« J |
« Carpets-Great Bargains-Draperies l|
gggi^ $6.00 FUR RUGS 28x64 in ctes. A great thing f^g flBl i j
lr*^if Ia id blacks Aai ccmbination blacks and 75 &£$*& I 1
fllM Shio' LEHIGH $3^50 ARABIAN CUR- " IMM \'
mm Brussels a^ t , tains jsjssjs^jss Jlmm, ii
equaled west of Chi- p-< n Your choice of straight tf« p^rn '&/ /M |V Kl ''S^ \ \
\3*S9J(Z$3P cago. This week on /SP or fanc y eHects. Per J^I./J •^r^li ltl§fl§ £ j
your floor ; the yard C fc/ W pair *r v t "WwiW 1 g ;
SI. 25 LEICESTERSHIRE VELVETS 20*20-lNCH ORIENTAL CUSHIONS j
Handsome Oriental stripes, tassel on each corner, *¦*** Mi
Soft, high pile velvets with beautiful luster, and a f^r* floss filled; lots of them- " J)lJ(* M >
*i habit cf "wearing forever. vj^r* Now ' >, :':-./:: ii
V£Z&£2 y - $4.50 ORIENTAL COUCH COVERS 11
rOc LINOLEUMS Of the best pulverized ¦« Three yards long, 60 inches wide, fringed; tf^^n §1
: cork and linsred oil, ZtSf* good weight and reversible; e'egant colorings. "%/,«, /^ B
made to list, this week; the square yard, laid ... Now... iJM-i* t QTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SUNDAY;: NOVEMBER 0. 1904.
29
The Emporium Advertisements Are Contracts It's Time to Buy for Thanksgiving. Paris Panel Photo by Bushnell Free
Between the store and the public. They consist of carefully stated Fi7ie and immaculate Iine7is, well 'polished silver, glittering -"glassware With every suit or coat bought in the Womerfs Department;, with
facts — the truth plainly spoken. Two things that we constantly try and pretty flowers do much to enhance the enjoyment of the holiday every suit or coat for boy or girl bought in the Juvenile Department;
to impress on the minds of the public are, that better qualities than dinner. Things seem to taste better when daintily served. If you with every trimmed hat bought tn the Millinery Salon. You can
we sell are not obtainable anywhere at the prices, and that a little are nol ready % for -Thanksgiving in all \ these particulars our series of use the order to Have either your own photo taken or that of some
money goes a long way here. Every item quoted is reliable, every Thanksgiving sales this iveck will enable you to supply the missing friend, but two orders will not be accepted by Bushnell for pictures
promise made is carried out. things at much less than regular prices. . of the same person. • This is last week of this offer before Christmas.
Thanksgiving Dinnerware Saie Thanksgiving Linen Saie Thanksgiving Saie Siiverware
Manufacturer's Sample Line— Less Than Half To the many who have already become steady patrons of this Piated ware fropt the "1847" makers, at about half
>£-n_ A fortunate buy just in time for Thanksgiving Sale. A man- department words of explanation as to the merits of our values will not < Sales of Spoons, Knives, Forks, oto. /^Sr^
ufacturer's agent sold us his entire line of samples, decorated and be needPth To those others who may not yet be among our regular ' There must be a number of these articles that you will need Y jg*2&ky
V- >*#^v> Plain white semi-porcelain ware, at a fraction of their real values. r .._ tnnw _ nff nhWurance that here th-v nvw fin,-, the finest for y° ur Thanksgiving dinner table, and your table on many
<ig5*»^ „ Of these pieces there is only one of a kind, and we .customers xve offer an assurance that here they may find the finest, other occas , ", t is K a bi c i os ing out purchase of quadruple • \iX
TT^T £f have marked them at half and less than half W as well as the medium-priced, grades of Belgian. Irish, German, p i at ed silverware from the- International Silver >4/^
3fWf f^fcS ular selling rnces. To these we have added some great Scotch and Austrian linens, carefully selected as to values and styles Co., makers of "184?" Rogers Bros, goods, con- A*a Si J
£ V V\ \ W[ Piates-Dccorated and Bowl.— Fancy decorated. 20c and priced only as 1 he Emporium with its enormous volume of busi- sistmg of assortments as follows: \ff J / (/ JaUm
j^S. \ 1 \ \'j plain whl - t ff I worth styles loo ness can afford to price merchandise. Our great linen values for the $1.75 traj's for 95c $3'.;o pickle cas- }¦ MwS^ I It" J&vBK&i
SgSgb. \| \ J}'- W each°...7.°....?!?7o Meat piate^-iG-inch deoorat- coming week will fully substantiate these statements. -^> 50c trays for 25c tors $1.38 CJp^5fc ) SK^i^a i /^BiBP
V^S^k 1 [Jf'f&ZZS&fr* Saucers— Odd pieces. |? oT fo" 1 " '°55c Fine Satin Damask Sets - As choic, as the HfmstiUhed NapKins-i6xi6 inches. German $4 oo travs for $187 $3 °° pickIe r caS "
w^gifpi^ sa?.-^^ [«n-t- f^£;t^ 8 libI - ."""¦. f= . ; r ki ". d '.' h : i :": k .™ i! : J 4 T< JS lt : f o r sf r :::::::: i¥ **™ w<*Z£^ sS^§5Jw8w
' V«Srf^r Quart Pitcher.— Fan- a $10.00 100-plece set for 12 , 4 ,/. , d , Jth set <2C.OO u MoO trays for $1.67 tors $ T .6 7 ~^««Sa.\4^^lw
JCtiSrvsSh^ p T, s r« v v;-"v;-»f' 45 *^3^^^;JiS:SS MflSK^rJ^iii 1^" ? iootr^ for •••• 50c $5^0^; castors 7 .... $ 29 o
/W^a^M^*^^ to 75c; each 20c Enrtirt Setal-Porcelata »taner cloth set. $25. OO T/ « f h q % V «T^« $6.00 travs for $3.16 $15.00 soup tureens. .. .$8.95 /?'// \V
T/A/ ? "i A • TeretaW Dl.He.-With covers. a ve% r^se^heap 3x3-^ round cloth, set. S27.5O Vr'^T^l'T * f #"52 $32-50 tea sets. ...... .$18.75 5 IO0 ° bake dishes. . . . .$5-35 f II V^
W"' A Sf^ftff^'St^ reduc^^^^.^^ D T? Din T Set, B:;,, linen, b0^re d £* £»£• ; ". ; '. |^| f^-sets $ ? , S4.00 creamer. - . -|x 95 /' A
1 \. each, for 35c . • • ¦ _. _ . • cloth* with dcztn napkin* to set— . $27.50 tea sets.. §14.35 syrup punters. . . .«i.ya 1 t-j
i i V Butter Di-he—Covered, also 2x^0^ $5-00 2-piece sets. ..... .$3.75 f^o butter dishes $2^5 g
ft i\ covered Suear Bowls, worth orations, traced • gold han- 2x2 '^-vard coth, set. . . $5.4* these- -.-_, $3.00 card receivers. .. .$1.58 Sl.50 breaktast castors. »oc wm
fi '.' \ T5c to $1.00 each 3oc dies; our leader at $10.90; ax -,-yard cloth, set. .. .$&. SO S2.25 eight-quarter sire... .,»I.7S $2.00 card receivers Sr.oo ¦ $1.50 spoon trays 87c 1 1 W
ffl \\ Sal^t?°^o^han y don C bic at th d e special this week .... .?13.9O . 2x f^. vard dotb tet . .. S8 .2tj 5 3 .oo 8x10 5 «t . . .. . . .$2.t 6 $8.50 fruit bowls $5.95 60c napkin rings 33C
M jl Lie prices- H s^f*D^Si- ?dSS"v S dl^ Hemstitched Sets-Very choice, cloth 3 yards $3-5° **" ««• • • • • $2 8& $5.00 fruit dishes $3^5 Closed out the entire .tock of spoony forki, etc., of the mannfteturers*
Ml* 1*%n 9flr OStt orations;' worth $30.00': this • long, with doz:ri napkins, for .. $t 6.5H DirnfV Cloths- One « z- only in :he,e, very S4.50 fruit dishes $2.85 Western agency. They are Rogers & Bros, itar brand, in the latert «p-to-
50o Grarr Boats— Fancv deco- L f ' „ ' whi t ' Week ' 31 ' 9 ° H « mjtifched Set «~ Sa:in d"™*. cloth, wlth h avy doube damask, Hi%4Z$ regularly §5-00 smoker set $3.95 dlte P attcrns ' at about 2 5 F« ««t less than regular prices.
rate"^r this sale ??:. .25c M r ? t ed "1 ™iT<£ worth mor^ Samples Cracker Jars dozen napkins toe:- j 3 . 50, this week . . . . . $2.78 $3-00 mustard pot $1.17 $1.30 set, 6 teaspoons, 95c
Turkey Set _ Law 21 -inch than double the sale prices- - Ice Pitchers Tobacco Jars, a^yard cloth set ... £5.25 Napkins- Highly mercerzed, 20 inches square; $3-50 sugar bowls $1.6 7 $2 50 Set. 6 dessert Spoons, $1.70
Turkey Platter and 12 Plates. fOnfO 7St! S U * S ' Cake Plates, etc., less 23/-yard coth, set . . .35.75 instead of Si 7 « dozen ths week «/ 9fi $4-OO sugar bowls $2.OO o en ».? Afnrkc «1 in
in the rich flow, blue with WUO WO.fOB than half regular prices. Tea Cloth*- Hemstitched damask— , M " T Jjt . L ' 91m^ S $3.50 spoonholders $1.67 5-Z.5O Set. O forks, $1.70
, picture of turkey on each Ba«in and Pitcher —Newest _ set— Tinted and 3 6x 5 6-inch size, each. . . SI .2*5 Napkins — Irish linen, 24 inches square; in^ead -Hj O O call bells 4SC $2.60 Set, 6 tablespoons, $1.90
Piece; then pieces ror.. $5.75 shapes;^ be-en^ap- Sa^ador Ber^S.WTint^ d^and £g^gg£tf . f 2m25 of Sa ; 7S a a«.,n, this week . *2.#ff I3S whiskey flask^ i,! i?!^ $2.60 Set. 6 tableforks. $1.90
Salt, and Pepper.— tancy Dec- are at— v.-£ . dlsh a . n( J i^ a " f $1 qT fo? Tray Cloihs~Sz= 18x27 inch«, bleached Napkins- Extra fine, 24 inches square, the $1.00 salts and peppers. 50c John Rusiell Celebrated Table Knives— White celluloid A- -»-»
BS?pjS^?!!!?.^iiiS $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 .\!?^ .. ..} .^l German damask, hem, itched, each.. 35O S 3 -°o kind, thi, we.k. dozen . .52.45 | 2 . 7 S tea caddies. . . . . . .$I. 7 8 handles, steel blades, a |f. 50 set for $1.28
S&le Ribbons 14c jilll Model Hats in French Room Mom $"23.&Q Laces and Trimmings
20: all-Silk taffeta ribbons, 4 inches Hnts from famous Paris and New York makers, that have served their purpose as models, although not one of Half Pi*BGO
Wide, in all the leading Shades— White, has been exactly copied-eveninc; hats and street hats- large black hats trimmed with white <&f££ fftl fi Beeinnin* Monday- All short lengths broken lines
cream, black, two shades light blue, two $§§1? plumes, lace hats trimmed with feathers; turbans and jet toques; hats that were marked up to MO, all now *P®*2*W and oVsecs%f this year's most f«hionab:= dress trim-
Shades ll^ht Dink turaUOise nile SCarlet X^-JT Stylish Hats — Made of v;lve: anJ More «• 4.95 Ha-s of velvet, trimmed Children's Hals — Trimmed with Children's Ready • to- Wear Hats— mings, such as Pt. Venise laces, galloom and bands, Pt. de
maiselayender. etc.: a splendid quality- 1 f^*&r &£^£$$M —Sr^, 1 '^ g <^p|^tg p3$%SS%£$^ S^^SS^SgiSSBS^^S
ribbon A'Orth buying; Monday Only, yard . . 14O «ilk and pompons . . . $7.5G in the city at . . . ..,?*»» 5 . . . . . ... $2.50 St.25, S1.50, $1.7d allovers and passementeries, drop ornaments, etc., etc., half price to close.
Muslin 7V^o HH |Ipl§|i I Extraorainary ***»¦ Women's aSSS?SRrSSiS oZesTGoods
bleached muslin, no dress. 71/ r¥^^v S« the do11 carl y and t0 E et thc dol! $M&aUU SffliU Elgin, Illinois, the best g- 1 ' -A These exceedingly attractive
ing instead of ioc a yard " f*2 /AWJ^Vf/X chca P* Monday only, the 22 inch . . !t/ " - . •••: butter put lip in firkinS, r^«yo»* < * 1 jl black^aterials that were here-
Double Bed Sheets -Lownes', of price com- iff^Mm pictured, full jointed, best qual- j^ff WOrth 27#C lb f Oil Special toforeM.lO to 51.25 the yard—
bined with quaity .$ real cheapness, that is Tf'// + V 'YT P a P lcr m^che body, pretty bisque / . r«y *\ /r£k ' colo MnnHow inr» Tuc- -<' mistrals, camels-hair suitings.
• hat makes our linn finish bleached sheets, W / ( \\\L/ head, with sleeping eyes, pearly OT I ' /ffiJPiS?BB»^L\7* '" j iVlOHUdV ma IU.S" >3l i i j!> Venetian cloths. Sackings, Can-
8ix 9 o inches, such a bar f ain-at, each \ \\A te=:h, full woven mohair wig, sewn SS^C vas weaves, fancy Armures,
pn-ow^sclGood'^hid.'/sx^' inched /{ H\ net, fine shoes and stockings and /^^^HHRUrwSHiBi^^ Same g^de of Butter in ,-lb. cartons, for 22Kc Panama SUitinRS, mohairs.
rich . We I \ \\ Ia ce trimmed chemise. Wou.d be a ' I'firS \\\ H^M^raT^ T?**kW WBs3' ' "1 V '"' 't/'/i'A Evaporated Crf ami - Carnation, L : ly, Pet or Alpine, 3 tins 25o granites, etc. — for the tWO
Turkish 'Towels -Bleached/ hea^y "one-, our Ul U leader any time at our regu'ar price | "iiW , \ W I' ' 1 W^^SSS' \' 'A '¦ \ Coffee -Best Mocha or Java, our regular 35c qua ity (some stores days Only, yard . • T7 SZ *¦%
«ellkncwn, 5 cmaU Monday and Tue" V^f^ » very special value to- f I K \\ UW^WHbwX l^"1^ V 'Mft < \ B^J-iVi^ \ , "T' 1 . ' '^" " ' *£° ' *&&
. , ' ' />« K^sg * 3 /r ,»-,-.--,-, I /// \±\Jii>ir I^Mi AA 1^1 aSW KL3- 1 :! IV/'A BaGOn -B:st Eist:rn sugar cured, me: and bin, lb . . .1Sc
di^ " ch ' • • • 2/c P|f morrow $1,70 ' I // ) S^^ n'lB'^Am'^Er' ll?-? ! "fi ¦ ' ft Standard Fruits -i-lb. tns good quality apricots, pi ars and plums, These beautiful suitings, formerly
""^ — — — — _. »*«? Drtssed Indestructible Dolls- Can be y// TO /\ Vj.^W"' ' \\ [•'-• m •* r'.-'JI r.-gularly 15c, tor . . . ... . . . . ; /Q c to ji.75 the y\'»rd— lace rta-
BltttGi*ick P3ifei*t1S dressed and undressed. yaL*WYf 25 * L^^S* If!' iLf^^ 2 °* ''" ¦•*'4^//) Household Ammonia — Parsons', the dime size, 3 for . . . 25O mines, silk ?nd wool mistrals, voiles,
our/ f!Aiifta<i/nt« Biby-lanH do! s, 14 inchrs hhh, Sf-25 /i^/ I /3?i fT-M^TV IlC -ll lK -=• C^?' BahbittV Laundry Soap- 25 bars •. . . . S1.OO novelty hairline stripes, Q g>^^
*tnu BJS&lin^cSlUr 3ab ; ._. and Babyj in white drcsS) S j m 25 / /F7j J H \ \\\ I "" r " ; Vr\ Scotch Oats— Pjckagc .. .....••'• fOc fancv eta n in?s. etc--for £?£f£?
fOf* DeCe tilbeff* To «y Ba!) y» in w^' lte dress » St.25 it il \ rS\\\\ \~"~- •IV^ t <~"'wv Sago and Tapioca -6 lbs 25o the tuo days onl.. yard
. , - , j Biby-!and Boy, 14 inches high, $f m 25 ill I I JjBI ' 1 \\\ f '"'*'"- illl' '^'.i. Frncy Caroina Head Rice, 2 '< lb. sack . . ... ... . 23 O I ~™^ B ™" ¦""" ¦"^ mm^ mm
Are ready in the pattern depart- Biby- and B-auty, i6>< inches. 52.25 //II W " \\ IV it^SLj^ Carolina Rice Fiakes-2 packages . . 25c Three Great Values '
ment. mam floor, near stairway to Aunt Dinah, so inches high, $3. OO J I / J 1 1 I I K^L. fK'^tflvW^. Lemons— N;w crop, per iozV .'.'.. / . '. . v . .". ; %5c ' t^SSlL* 'BH *-%*** f 4
ladies' parlor. The December D:- Baby-'and Lady. :o inches hhh, $3.50 S?V, f I I '•"'•' T 16 * If I \^^^S< ' j/^'* 1 u'V : -^3^ Pium Pudding- Gordon and Dilworth's .. . ... .• . . . *&5B§t KJ&gJ Wm
iineator is indeed a beautifui magazine, Our Doll Doctor— b ready to mend any broken legi, arms, /y J \ \\ J] I'A W^ /P ? 'i : 'i ; Av\l ' v I. ' J A * * * * 3 lb * tin 60o f 2 Ib - 4GC, 1 lb. 22o Mnndav and Tunndav
, • f ,, c , (¦ .. j • head, or other parts of disabled dollies, on short notxe, and at \/ fl I A \\ /,/ 1 \-^^X7l-^ J '•'V A'% Yacht Club Oysters— FuU weight, tin 2to '"Onaay SnU I UQSnay
brim full Of good fashion advice, reMonaWe prk et. Y ffl 'I ll X i / 1 \ V^W-^iff-^ 1 "fcrfc^& Mince Meat-None-Such, makes fine mince P i«, package . . Wo For the two days only, we again offer
charming stones and snappy articles. 'H \ Us/ A 1 % # V^**' t*lltir''W'' ( T Port or Sherry- Good graie, gal S5o thc 4°. c Quality, white rfJQ 0
Singe copy 15c — yearly subscription &2.QO PBCtUPGS §1»O3 V_V B y^ vi V^ jKentucky Belle Whisky- Guaranteed maight bou'bon, fbll Habutai silK, at yard . - £a%sJ\m
SI'OOm Wonderful va.uc for Monday only — fine assortment of imitation y^jLr^^ — •*»^_^^ , > — . quaiti '. . . .*. ;i.... .",;.-'. '4 55O For the tWO days, your choice Of a
A year's subscription to the Delin- Pastd subjects -beautiful landscapes, etc s.ze .10x14 inche?, $27.50. $30.00. $32.50 and $35.00 4^O^S Cider -Motf. Sweet Apple, gal 38o Tariety of tTening shade, in the pretty and
~*r nr ;. . l.'M,..;ft f U,. ,„„ ,^^ m framed in a 3 «^ inch wide gold frame, with bra?s corners, one of T, % , . 1 - 1 S&4maiUP Welch 3 Grape Juice Q.uart bottle 45O. pint 25c effective iMatelas e weave, so d?strabie tor
ui-i rg that any woman th . best pic / ur . y^ a wc have cvcr offered) at to . morrow . s Suits, for thlS Sale, Special ........ m T Mmm^ Cherries Maraschino— D. & G., oti 5Oc evening waists, reguarlv 85c per yard 68c
wou.d .ike. price ........ ..:..'. Ij.. :-;:'.. .'. S1.G9 S22 SO Cheviot Suit*? in Verv nret- tf % iSI&£ Whiskies— Pauljones or Champion, bottle 7SO Extra Fine Black Taffeta— The guaranteed
""""— — — —^ — —^ — — — __ v^^-.v/v viiwriv;i ywij F »^i- *fo ff & Claret - Extra table win:, gal . . . .' 4Oc kind, re-uljrly S 5 c a yard, tor the two
ThanksiMivinu Sale Culinary Mrtides y designs, saie pnee cocktaiu-A.i kind,, e^ soo^ 25c days .... 530
4 - r Fru^ndJ.-liyPresses-For making \ Immense underpriced purchases of manufacturersVstocks-liun- Cm«A^' il^—r—^^^M^ #S^1 V^-^#
_^^*^\ cranberry sauce 35 C dreds of new winter suits and coats— have been received for another S M2£iT2tift$Ser$ tyimUU Y arts
-^aT^-^gTL V>j -^5^ Pudding Molds— Tin with tube in rousing sale at the /owest prices of the year. Work in the manufac- _
r^- 'wL . ~i^~L y^^^^^^^ (prf- >\ c:nter and l] s hi ""'"s covers for turinn world is very slack. Two and three weeks ago, when our Axmmsfer Garpets— Alexander Smith & Co. makes, JSSKEH3?*
Vfc^W V V^f^7/''/^ f^"i^^^^ £vv^\ l our Thlnks s'y in s P lum buyer was in New York, such tempting inducements were made that heavy pile, in patterns suitable for parlors, dining-rooms, HgSfes^^iiia g;
Uftf \W££8m Y^UO* r J .in™ 350 he bouoht in excess of the amount ever expended at this time of the halls and stairs— sewed, lined and laid— at &* ***% I^^^^wAhiI
•Q/^p^S l y^^4d^SP^4JJ^^ --^ 2-quartsize. . . . vear for women's garments- Last week was our banner suit week, the astonishingly low price, per yard . . . B|^^S^^W|Hjl.
f| \ I C *58^L* r f 3 " q M rt !ze ' " ' • 5Og but the coming days' record will surpass it if pretty styles and low Tapestry Brussels Carpets — The well known Devon cxrade, in
&J <«=>, 1^ P^es influence you. _ ¦ Kl t Kl , K appropriate designs for parlors, halls and jg B§l8$?ffi|^^
&, J L „.. „. . _ t „ to-date manner, a complete line cf The $22.50 Suits !or $16.00 are made of cheviots, in black, blue and brown— stairs— sewed, lined and laid, per yard . . . . "&C M $5/^3>-»-«!
«l.a S food chop- Chafing Dish, Turkey Roasters-Th-. 51.50 Scales for h ; gh gracic coff . e makers t0 usc on single-areasted coat with fitted back, fly front, trimmrd with »tin-pip=d strap., inaid velvet col- c Rnis — All- WOOl reversihie CnV)\^ of finp^r Ori^nt^l II mi •JMS **%*$$&*>
pen fb. Thanks- h! S hy nicke put- «!e 2 ra" t d Crown, fjmi - wd h ; the tab e- lar, silk braided in pretty design, i 3 -gorc ki!t skirt - the best value ite -45 ffift WS^fiiP 1 **
gi^ngmincemeat; ed^d i. attrac- T" » ch^k on th' The 6-cu ? N -«.. S 7.50 we have ever given, at ... ...... ... V. ........ tyBHS.MU designs, Can be USed On both Sides, which means double '^/
th: celebrated uni- dve wrought iron b-u 1 do ihr'd butch-r and gro- Th: 8-cu? »ixe.. /y. «U Handsome Scotch Mixture SuitS"^ the latest short-coat wa.king-sui: styles. »«* :
rerwl kind} will ,,„ . ,T r— „ '. . ' F ., The 10-cup size. J2.OJ ntfd back has belt, th= front double-brea ted and trimmed with pretty metal buttons, new self IOX3O IHCn SIZe 9UC each • ,
cut .ny food or ; tand ' atb ; ttoi «,- «Ol we.gh, U? Decorate Your Sideboard with a n-ce collar and cuff,, haCe finish of tailor-stitched velvet, high kilt skirt, a 27x54 inch size $1.75 each Carpet RU8$— Size 9x12,
ZllXur T £ r_ r o^ n :.st.OO H;:;:*-^ S^Zl^r^SZ sukthat wouM V-f r " dily for 36x72 inch size. $2.75 each styles worth «5.00.
";£„:: }:§5 SSC = pr^ thngnewLsttraC - ii-^ R-i^Ueawz inches, beautiful Orlenttl.de- tor $20.00 each;
Sponge Cake Fomt- Timbale molds and irons, baking dishes, Chafing Dsh-s $3.50 to $20 kilt skirts; the coat suia are velvet and braid trimmed, in pleasing designs &*££? g%f% M - nS ' a vanet y 0 f patterns to choose from, each . - . StyleS Worth $18.00,
and a full line of imported kitchen ware novelties. " . 5 O'clock Teas $1.50 to $15 that you cannot resist buying during this sale- S30 to J35 values .. . *p££a%Ju9Jt*i3 . . $4m00 for $14.40 each.
L%ath"% n Goo3i s Safe of Finest FMrniiurc at a Reduction of 25 Per Cent 2S£1£i'
•Peggy romP-ris • Bags, J0 :t leather Put Your Kncos Under Some Choice Mahogany on Thanksgiving— You Can Save One-Quarter Now Jl'nnrJ^t'Zaia
stock, swagger handles, moire hn- - • , ¦¦ ¦ . .- . -f -,.¦¦-. *.**-* - "" " **OrSBW O3IB
ing. purse to match, black, brown The great November . sac ot the finest furniture _^J This Complete Dimn|-Boom Set only^f f 7/ * 17.50 fuU-«e Iron B.d . .......... .513.50 Our new models of " Smart Set " the latot
or tan worth<I.2C. OC/j Produced by American makers is now on in earnest. the china cabinet, $37. 5O; the sideboarc, f^^^>^r?»gjf 5ao. 00 full-size Iron Bed . . . $16. CO and be^t corset, that have b-en prci^-d to th-
< 2 -o ••Peeev from Pari«" 'Ba E s Wc arc bound that thc P co P ;c oi San Francisco <^^^^mk%' $33*50; the ub.c, $26.50? the $28.50 fnll-sze Iron Bed . . . S21.4'* Ia dy of fa«hion, hare just arrived, aad we a.~
* *' o* 7-5- and vicinity shall become familiar with the class of ' chairs ' $2.OO each; the carver. $4.5O. B^^^SSaff ?4=>-oo uH-i, z - iron B.-d <^ 7 "^2 P«p«e* »&** short or tall, «out or deader
H^r,W l ,;--'graV«*. braid. '-"-- "rrlcd by The E m poH u m. and ,o ,h,t end | • | M | C be b 00£ ht .. a who.e or ,ep,r,, =:> , «L^TB| K^O.S'BwtKiiite-; ! .' .T .' IfS-fo £ "r£££ £*££.
ed hand:e, moire .ilk linin», con- °*« 2 5 F" «nt rcducnon lint., further nonce on /UpA^llla jBSsaa [i" iTT.bO 575-»» Birdieje M.ple Beirjom S« $36.75 bone or r«li m indotractibfe. TL: m
u-cing pane, card case wd ¦rod!- honareds of piec !s of fine iurniture. which were ' I gV^l . .OBfi M flS;^^^ j^8 JfeW > gS« 1 -^ i iiS? V"'°° S?«l^l»?t'3!S>m V. " " ' ¦"• ' " «k! 'In pi» ™clnn«. *«pt d« ««. b phee,
i., £ ..a 8 ,' bo-e. « a .pecUilv !„ »^X » P« «m under 0! her .ore-, price, « our jftfMA ,ff I^^^^t /W|^^^^^ fe" G^^ ? k^ ?.** ! ! ! ! ] \ SSolSS £ USS ££2V£ **« "" *•
price SI. 35 regU ' ar pnCC$ - ill-^-^iUJ I A Ky ! yi8P i S 1 J M tmV&&^kM, S(>-.S°™^-^O^C^^V>™*\^e)..a>5O>65 " ' '* r.« : « • r • t.
Music RJi.l-GenuineMorocTos'ock. '"5' 00 M«h W Extension Tab:. S93.75 VM~W \\ LU • 13^^n^mB^^&lW I fe^^^^^S J .8.50 Weathered O,k Smoking Cabinet ... . $21.40 S7 5O°^
MisSCS' 5CC and 65C Hand-DagS—MoifC .- coo::> OoUcn OjIi Hand-Carved Sideboard . $150.00 \ J fl Cfjai '^j'^a^^BOTln^IllTiri U^ I V 557-50 Upright Folding B.-d . .$43.40 the hose supporters, and other slight difT:renc=s
ir.ing, pur.C to match 35c Jl '5-° 3 GS.dcn OjIc Hind-Carved Sideboard . .$131.25 ' J ; If I T "fJN I /i J|~ | " 5" 5.00 Upright Folding Bid 386.25 at S5.OO.
CflllflrTinH Cuff Pnrr*— Fine Morocco $6 5. 00 Golden Oak S:d aboard. $48.75 . # A I f K . * J J 165. 00 Biriseye M.pe Wardrobe $123.75 iLm~ n -4~* n^m^a**
t : n boi!°,,een «'<"»"*»""»»-«*« • ¦ • • -^ yWaailW.- . . ...; i..- J' : .].,;-,.. . *;. ¦ ' ', «'5-.?» "'-^, W^b, .. ........ .^63.75 Hflf^Hce
rHiMrrn-.'vi.n'n W W'^^sOP NOW ' LlnOS MtiStG Saie : ¦¦¦'' 4*^~****^ y : '-l*~2^' ' * Women's Felt Sample Line The balance of ajobber*»samp; e line of im-
Coii-psing S^g?S5S** Vl^mcnfs Tuesday ~/Z>^ JU^ / , WMk Juliettes 83c
watch case containing handed Co'- Four b,g successes, regular, yherc^ 5 c Yflf f* } jfitiUM ¦»*/*&' Ml'- M'MSf ' S r£r'^ m£h™ not all ,i«, ¦„ each style -colors black,
lapsing cup 4O C "o new Covert Coats, each, for the two days . . f Qq 'J-^ #^»^ fl^tiJ /LJl jMsMJfsMMi flossy lining/ flexibh ,o!es, low th , hnd> H e was throngh with »nd fancy brocai«-on sale this week.
Jewel Boxes SzfHan itock, with '" r^ e ncw midseason Karama, song or two-step, by Mabel Me- JM M A^<^^L^^ m MKrVAS tr &S& / & / BrE m M comfo;tible htrls, full round them so w: paid him just half ? 10.00 styles $5.0O
lock and kev ' T/l effects, the best values Kinley. VV, : . » *CALIFORNIA f Q" TAnftF^T- ' M '¦' ' " '^1^"""^*^""^*"^^^^ t0M t better than the usual the"" worth, plain effect* and 4 7 eo ttr'es *"7 75
. « . " 91. OU ' A'ways in the Way, song by Chis. K. Harris. ¦ V*|»LII-UKI>ilA& . UAHUtO I?. -^^ fancy stripes tizes io»i and 1 1 J7.3O ity.ei J)J«/O
Misses' Chatelaine Bags-In genuine , ; ,1 or tobe h.d in town. ..; Dow J ,„ the Vale oi Shenandoah. .ong br" , |M | |M ||nnM«iUlir i " M^ "- 00 6«*«; Monday and 1^ ""'J "' V ,6.00 ,t>le. «3.OO
regular Sl.oo, ipecUl. . 53O . . . $1O *nd 5/5 Ch«. K. Harri.. "^fk^^P^^^^^^^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST.STORE. Tursiay 8Jc . . ..... 12)iO 1 5- 00 style, S2.BOgrAt,ftha .half-yearly meeting ..of <¦¦ th«
Rhodesia 'railways it was stated that
321 miles of line had been opened for
traffic. The trunk lines south of the
Zambezi '.were thus ; finished, and the
Gweto Selukwe and Matoppo branches
had also; been completed. The total
railway system open for traffic was
now 1309 miles. The bridge over the
Victoria Falls was being erected, the
construction of the extension north of
the river had begun and the permanent
way -material was being carried across
by a cableway concurrently with the
building , of the bridge.— London Engi
neer.
South African Railroads.
I well remember one case before a
Justice In which I acted as respondent's
counsel in a criminal action and In
which an older and ¦ well known attor
ney was my. opponent. As I thought
then, and a$ I knpw now, the law and
the evidence was well In favor of "my
client, and at the close of the argu
ment I looked with great confidence for
a prompt acquittal. Judge of my as
tonishment when my unfortunate client
was found guilty and sentenced to thir
ty days In Jail. I promptly entered an
appeal, and furnished -"retles to pros
ecute the same. Before I left the court
room the Justice took me aside and
said: "Young man, I kinder thought
ye were right, . but I knowed Judge
W (naming my opponent) is a
sight older'n you be, and a sight better
lawyer'n you be, and so, of course, ¦ 1
gin him Judgment"— Leslie's Monthly.
The County Justice.
Dr. F. F. Knorp. 15S4 Market st., has re
turned from the Eart and has resumed practice.*
There will be a rally of Greek-
American citizens on Monday night
at 8 o'clock at Woodward's Pavilion.
Members of the Greek-American Club
will meet at the headquarters of E.
A. Hayes on Powell street, near Eddy,
at 7:30 o'clock and escort Mr. Hayes
to the pavilion. .!••/><
Greek-Americans for Hayes.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 5. — Hav
ing at a previous • meeting- expressed
much dissatisfaction with the San
Francisco seawall project, the local
Board of Trade reconsidered its objec
tions and finally adopted resolutions
Indorsing the seawall amendment by
a unanimous vote. The resolutions
declare that the seawall will entail no
expense upon the taxpayers of the
State and that the contemplated . im
provements are absolutely necessary
to retain for San Francisco her su
premacy over more northern ports,
maintaining that city • as the" chief
point of entry "of the Pacific Coast to
the great and manifest advantage of
the entire State. The resolutions fur
ther declare that' the board heartily
approves of the project and calls upon
the voters of this section to give It
their assenting vote.
Board of Trade Reconsiders, Its Ob
jections nnd Adopts Resolutions
Indorsing the Amendment. ;/'
•, At a special meeting of the Cham
ber of Commerce yesterday afternoon
the following resolution was adopted:
"Whereas, we believe that the Judi
ciary should be kept entirely free
from political or any other influences,
however remote, which might* impair
its efficiency; and
"Whereas, we are of the opinion
that a man who has shown his fitness
for his office, where issue* of policy
are not Involved, should not be dis
placed except through promotion;
therefore the Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco has
Resolved, that we hereby respect
fully recommend to the citizens of
San Francisco for re-election as Su
perior : Judges j the incumbents, name
ly: James M. Seawell, James M.
Troutt, Frank J. Murasky and Frank
H. Kerrigan. .
Seawell, Troutt, Murasky and Kerri
gan Are Commended.
IXDORSE INCUMBENT JUDGES.
SAX BERXARDIXO FAVORS
THE SEAWALL PROJECT
The members of tne Union 'Labor
party and their friends rallied in the
Central Hotel 'Hall, 532 Third street,
last nigjit. The hall was crowded to
overflowing before Temporary Chair
man Thomas Egan called the meeting
to order and hundreds who sought
admission were turned away. Charles
A. Siskron was introduced as perma
nent chairman, made a few remarks
laudatory of the Union Labor party
nominees and urged all union men to
stand together.
Congressman E. J. Livernash fol
lowed, making a strong appeal to
union men to beware of influences
which were seeking to create discord
among them. He' pointed to the rec
ord of the men already elected by the
party and gave promise that those
elected In the future would work for
its best interests.
; Brief speeches were made by Dan
iel Burchard,. Charles T. Conlan,
James . Gallagher and Frank J.Mu-
Candidates of Party Express Views
Before Large Audience.
UNION LABOR RALLY.
such that when I return at" the end of
two years I know you will say, 'Well
done, thou good and faithful ser
vant.' "
F. J.'MIenke. F. V. Severance and
E. F. Treadwell, candidates for As
semblymen In the Thirty-third, Thir
ty-fourth and Thirty-sixth districts,
respectively, also spoke.
WOODLAND, Nov. 5. — Peter Vell
strup, defaulting Treasurer of Shaw
nee Tribe of the Order of Red Men
of this city, was arrested late this af
ternoon on a charge of embezzlement
on complaint of Samuel Neff, a mem
ber of the tribe. It has developed from
an examination of the books that Veil
strup's misappropriations, covering a
period of several years, aggregate
about $972.
Defaulting Treasurer Is Arrested.
NAPA, Nov. 5. — The Republican
campaign in Napa closed to-night with
a great demonstration, street parade
and overflow meeting. The opera
house was crowded to its utmost ca
pacity to hear and cheer Governor
Pardee and the magnetic Thomas B.
Dozier of Shasta. Percy S. King,
ncminee for the Assembly, presided.
Governor Pardee made an Instructive
and convincing- address. Mention of
the name of Duncan E. McKinlay
aroused the audience to a great degree
of enthusiasm. Pardee paid special
tribute to the ability and matchless
energy of the Republican nominee for
Congress.
Thomas B. Dozier followed in a
masterly speech, in which he exposed
the silly claims of Congressman Bell.
Tremendous applause greeted the ut
terances of the orator.
Chief Executive of the State Delivers
a 3IasterIy Speech.
XAPA CHEERS GOVERNOR.
Mr. Dozier followed with a splendid,
manly speech, in which he set forth In
detail the attitude of the Democrats as
to the retention of the Philippine Is
lands and the necessity of supporting
President Roosevelt by the election of a
Republican Congressman. The speaker
also sustained the President in relation
to pension order No. 78 and closed with
YOUNTVILLE, Nov. 5.— The finest
ovation ever accorded a visitor or pub
lic speaker at the Veterans* Home was
given Governor George C. Fardee here
to-day. The Governor, accompanied by
his wife and T. B. Dozier, arrived at
the home on the 10:30 train and spent
the morning inspecting the institution.
On the arrival of the Governor in the
home,, grounds the men were formed in
line 'and saluted the chief executive.
At 1 o'clock Assembly Hall was crowd^i
ed with enthusiastic veterans eager to
greet the Governor. ;.
Captain Albert Brown acted as chair
man and introduced the speakers. It
was some minutes before the Governor
could speak, owing to the enthusiasm
of the men. Governor Pardee paid a
glowing tribute to the statesmanship,
manliness and worth of President
Roosevelt and spoke at length of the
principles at stake In this campaign.
During his discourse he remarked that
he could not find it in his heart to
apologize to anybody for exercising his
right as an American citizen to free
and Independent speech, and referred
to the fact that the Governor of Ore
gon had come to California to speak
for the Democratic party and Republi
cans had not objected, and said that
he was on the rostrum to-day in spite
of the protests of Democratic friends.
"It makes a whole lot of difference
whose bull is being gored." said the
Governor.
Governor Addresses Enthusiastic Meet
ing in the Home at Yountville.
a reference to the prosperous condition
of the country generally. During the
afternoon each time the name of Dun
can E. McKlnlay was mentioned for
Congress it was followed with enthusi
astic cheers and applause. At the close
of the meeting there were three cheers
given for the speakers and the Repub
lican party.
rasky, candidates for Judge of the
Superfor Court. With the exception
of Gallagher the candidates merely
introduced themselves. Gallagher,
however, made a bitter attack on the
Citizens' Alliance and warned his
hearers to beware of it.
William Mindham, candidate for
the Assembly in the Twenty-eighth
District, made a brief talk, promising
fealty to the cause of the workingman
if elected." An address by • Mayor
Schmitz followed.
,The Mayor made brief reference to
the strike of three years ago, at the
conclusion of which he was elected to
preside over the affairs of the city
and pointed to his record as evidence
of the fact that the workingmen
could choose from their . ranks suit
able men. "While we have as yet no
national ticket," he said, "we have a
solid party organization and it is the
duty of every laboring man who val
ues his freedom to stand by it."
VETERAN'S HEAR PARDEE.
With unabated patience the Repub
licans of the Thirty-third, Thirty
fourth and Thirty-sixth districts
waited for the coming of E. A. Hayes,
candidate for Congressman In the
Fifth District, at Rolando's Hall. The
hands of the clock pointed to 11 be
fore the standard bearer arrived. His
coming was the .signal for enthusias
tic cheering that lasted several min
utes. In a direct and manly manner
the candidate outlined his attitude on
the labor question, and said:
"I know what it is to labor myself.
I was brought up on a farm, where
we worked not eight or ten hours a
day, but sixteen. My father died and
left my brother and I with a mortgage
on the farm at a time when We "were
trying to work our way through col
lege. We went back to the farm.and
worked, and yet we managed to grad
uate. The last harvest time we had
we worked till 11 at night.
"My heart is in the same place as it
was twenty-five years ago.
"When I bought two papers at San
Jose I immediately raised the wages
and reduced the hours of 'my em
ployes. That was done before I was
a candidate for Congress. If you send
me to Washington my conduct will be
Kepublican Candidate Knthusisticnlly
Greeted at Rolando's Hall. __
The coming department athletic
events on the new grounds at the Pre
sidio are attracting a great deal of at
tention. The construction of the grand
stand, for which the Government has
appropriated $350, will be commenced
to-morrow. Captain J. J. Bradley has
charge of the programmes, which are
to be unusually handsome. Besides
photographs of the leading officers of
the division and the department, the
programmes will contain many beauti
ful views of the recent maneuvers that
took place this fall at Camp Atasca
dero. About $600 in prixes is to be
awarded.
The Twenty-first Infantry, Colonel
Charles A. Williams commanding, ar
rived at Oakland'late Friday night, and
early yesterday morning the tugs Slo
cum and General Mifflin conveyed them
to the Presidio wharf and by noon they
were all comfortably quartered in the
cantonment recently occupied by the
Twenty-eighth Infantry. Colonel Wil
liams and his regiment will be here un
til February. They will sail for Manila
some time that month. Colonel Wil
liams' adjutant, Captain W. M. Mor
row, is a son of the late Colonel Mor
row, who commanded this regiment for
many years. He is a brother of Major
Henry M. Morrow, judge advocate, now
stationed at department headquarters..
Colonel Pitcher and the Twenty
eighth Infantry will depart for Fort
Snelling to-morrow morning at 9
o'clock.
The young man's father, G. S. Rich
ards Sr., who is an official of the
Standard Oy Company, came here from
New York to assist in the defense of
his son. Colonel William L. Pitcher was
president of the court-martial and Cap
tain John J. Bradley was Judge advo
cate.
Lieutenant George S. Richards Jr.;
who has been on trial at the Presidio
for duplicating his pay accounts, has
been acquitted on the ground of in
sanity by the court-martial that tried
him. Lieutenant Richards, who must
now leave the service, was tried upon
three different charges of duplicating
his accounts, submitted both here and
in the Philippines.
HAYES CHEERED IN MISSION.
Lieutenant Richards Was In
sane When He Duplicated
- Accounts, Decides Court
The following are the names assumed
by noted Britons when traveling incojr
txito: King Bdward, Duke of Lancaster;
Queen Alexandra, Mrs. Stephens; Prin
cess Charles of Denmark, Miss Mills:
Princess Louise, Lady Sunbridge: Prin
cess Christian, Countess Gravenstein:
Princess Henry of Battenbenr. Lady
Carlsbrooke; Princess of Wales, Count
ess of Killarney; Duchess of Con
naught, Countess of Sussex. Empress
Eugenie travels as Countess De Pierre
fonds and the late Queen Victoria used
the title Countess of Balmoral.—Chi
cago Chronicle.
Incognitos of Xoted Britons.
OIL MAGNATE'S
SON ACQUITTED
The Republicans of the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District had a rousing meet
ing at Richmond Hall last night. E. A.
Hayes, candidate for Congress from
the Fifth District, was the principal
speaker. He opened by saying that he
in no way sought the nomination. The
convention had forced it upon him, but
now that he was in the field he wanted
to be elected. He said there were no
strings on him and that he had made
no pledges of any sort or kind.
"There is but one clear cut issue in
this fight," Mr. Hayes continued, "and
that is the continuation of the policy
of protection as represented by the
Republican party, which has been in
power for the last forty-four years,
with brief exceptions. Forty-four years
ago this month Abraham Lincoln
(great cheering) was elected President,
and then began the noble record of the
Republican party. Every progressive
policy that has since been made has
emanated from this party.
"There were then 31,000,000 . people in
this country, and now there are 82,000,
000. This country Is now the richest,
most prosperous and most powerful
country that the world has ever known.
During this period the country had
but one setback and that was during
the regime of the Democrats under the
guidance of Grover Cleveland. You all
know what a terrible financial crash
came while he was in office in 1893.
Now, if you want our progress to con
tinue, vote for the party that has
served you so long and so faithfully."
John . McGlynn was chairman. Stir
ring speeches were also made by Major
Kyle and Frank McGowan. The Stan
ford Quartet sang a number of selec
tions.
Enthusiastic Meeting in the
Mission Applauds His Eec
ord on Labor Question
PEOTECTION JUSTIFIED
Candidate for Congress Tells
Kiehmond Voters of Pro
gressive Kepublican Policy
HATES PLEADS
FOR PROSPERITY
THEv SAN- FRAN6ISCC>::GALL,- SUNDAY, NOVEMBER f>, 1904.
30
. , -.-.-.- L -.-.-.-.-jss£j^S5^sssgy?!v u ..-_^ .
NEWRRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIOINAL remedy that "kills the D«ndru!f Germ."
<5OING>1 aoiNG!! GONE1H
tsutcae inu un it. lonaoi mu. un rr. too uti fm Kmt. • ~ *
A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY **'j>««« *»»<*»»*., N«*b re -, »££«• *-
Drat Slam. U00. Sntf 10c, sta*. t» KBnciK CO,0ejt I. fetr* Met. ftr ism*,
AJPyUCATIOlU AT WWII IMUMT aAi^y, noy&
d ___ADraRTISJSaiENTS.
What Sulphur Does
For the Human Body In Health and
. Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to :
many of us the early days when our j
mothers and grandmothers gave us our
daily dose of sulphur and molasses '
every spring and fall. j
It was the universal spring and fall j
"blood purifier," tonic and curerall, !
and, mind you, this old-faBhloned rem- !
edy was not without merit. J
The idea was good, but the remedy!
was crude and unpalatable, and a large '
quantity had to be taken to get any j
effect. !
Nowadays we get all the beneficial j
effects of sulphur in a palatable, con-
centrated form, so that a- single grain
Is far more effective than a tablespoon-
ful of the crude sulphur.
In recent years, research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur
for medicinal use is that obtained from !
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold '
in drug stores under the name of j
Stuart's Calcium "^Vafers. They are j
small chocolate coated pellets and con-
tain the active medicinal principle of
sulphur in a highly concentrated, ef-
fective form.
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and |
maintaining bodily vigor and health:
sulphur acts directly on the liver, and
excretory organs and purifies and en-
riches the blood by the prompt elimina-
tion of waste material. V,
Our grandmothers knew this when
they dosed us with sulphur and molas- »
ses every spring and fall, but the cru- ,
dity and impurity of ordinary flowers!
of sulphur were often worse than the
disease, and cannot compare with the [
modern concentrated preparations of j
sulphur, .of which Stuart's Calcium I
Wafers is undoubtedly the best and
most widely used. if.
They are the natural antidote for
liver and kidney troubles and cure con- j
stipation and purify the blood In a way [
that often surprises patient and physi-
cian alike.
Dr. R. M. Wilkins while experiment-
ing with sulphur remedies soon found ;
that the sulphur from Calcium was.su- |
perlor to any other form. He says: j
"For liver, kidney, and blood- troubles, !
especially when resulting from const!- '¦
pation or malaria, I have been sur- 1
prised at the results obtained from 1
Stuart's Calcium Wafers. In patients
suffering from, boils and pimples and |
even deep-seated carbuncles, I have re-
peatedly seen them dry up and disap-
pear in four or five days, leaving the
skin clear, and smooth, j Although
Stuart's Calcium Wafers • is a proprie-
tary article, and sold by druggists, and
for that reason tabooed by many phygU
ciana, yet I r know of nothing , so safe
and reliable for constipation, liver and
kidney troubles and especially In all
forms of skin disease as this remedy."
At any rate people who are tired of
pills, cathartics and so-called blood
"purifiers." will find in Stuart's Cal-
cium Wafers a far safer, more palat-
able and effective preparation. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H^KSkj: %?w s '¦'"*' '' ¦¦¦¦' /•¦'& ' y *JWjmBbhBHBBB|j
This is quite a good, picture of Miss
Kate Erhardt. who lives at 518 Fig ave-
nue. Santa Barbara. Cal. Miss Erhardt
had suffered for years with di stressing
asthma. It is needless to describe
asthma to the unfortunates who suffer
from this awful disease. All sufferers
from asthma realize what it means to
smother and cough and fight for breath
as the majority of these sufferers have
to do when a bad paroxysm of asthma
Comes on. Miss Erhardt suffered from
the worst form of asthma for years,
was taking all kinds of medical treat-
ment, which did her no pood. She came
to the EJoctro-Chemic Institute. 118
Grant avenue. San Francisco, and took
Just six week* 1 treatment. In that time
she wm thoroughly cured of her asthma
and has now returned to her home in
Santa Barbara thoroughly and perma-
nently cured. Such cures as this is con-
stantly adding additional proof that the
Electro-Cru'mic treatment does cure
diseases which in the past have been in-
c;irabl<? under the ordinary medical
treatment use<l for them. Any one is at
liberty to write Miss Erhardt and she
will be only too glad to substantiate thin
statement in every particular. Such
cures as this explain why the Electro-
Chemic practice Is now the largest spe-
cial practice on rhe Pacific Coast. It ex-
plains why other physicians with a few
electrical Instruments are trying to imi-
tate Electro-Chemistry: Such cures
should make It plain to all sufferers if
they desire an absolutely reliable treat-
ment th< y should try to go to the orig-
inal institution, the El»»ctro-Chemic In-
stitute, which is meeting with such un-
qualified success. The spwtelists of the
Electro-Chemic Institute invite all suf-
ferers to call for free consultation, ex-
amination and advice. The afflicted
should remember that the Electro-
Chemic practice is the most successful
treatment known for the cure of Ca-
tarrh. Consumption, Asthma. Bronchitis
Deafness, Ringing Ears. Rheumatism
Paralysis. 'Locomotor Ataxia. Neuralgia'
Cancers. Tumors. Old Sores. Eczema
CyspepKia. reiver' Trouble. Kidney and
Bladder troubles, Rright's Disease
Piles. FiPtula. Con»tlpation. Headaches
Dizziness. Insomnia, Epilepsy, Stricture!
Prostatltis. Female Irregularities, Mis-
placements, Ovaritis, Pain in Back
etc. The Electro-Chemic Institute is
centrally located at 118 Grant ave-
nue, corner of Post street, San Fran-
cisco. There are private apartments
set aside for ladles and gentlemen, and
the office hours are daily from 9 In the
morning until 5 in the afternoon, and 7
to 8 Rt night, and Bundays from 10 in
the morning until 1 in the afternoon
The Elcctro-Chemlo treatment is abso-
lutely painless. Small children and
even Babies are now taking it without
the least complaint. It Is the most won-
derful treatment known for shattered
nerves, and in those bad cases where
the physical strength Is all gone the pa-
tient Is built up and made stronger and
thoroughly cured so quickly that it is
almost Impossible to realize the change
In the sufferer. All are welcome, but no
Incurable cases are accepted.
(J visit DR. JORDAN'S great 1/
Museum of anatomy?
$ ¥&3. DR * «KDA!t-D!SEAIES OF KEN A
\ 1 &S^ C<*m\XAtimi fret «cd .tried, printt. \
$ I Xftt? Tr«™«M prr«on.li f or br 1*n«. A A
\ 8 W tI i*»"«" Cm* in Try cmaawtn. T
T * I fl ' «**»»««. MAILED FKU. ( A V
\ (L #. iiIm>'i kMk tmt m—l ... \
V BB. JOjtPAH^A^O^Wl Murtf t«U,8. F. 0
EP YOU XEED HELP
To Make tbat winter suit, an-
swrr oor EmpIoTinent Wanted
Ads.
Reliable seamstresses at rea-
sonable rates.
AJPVERTJs^^nvra.
Sorosis sboca for Boys acd / «)
Giria arr hy^icmallT a«iapted to tl*^'jBHSgn®fA. \V ill tM I
5itc e»r play to the feet of frol- f: " % : .|^^m^n5^W- \-^f I ptf 4 V : §
I ""so^THe^tc^cr pe^ "'"''*H|^k1™ 'Mp''''!
1 the foot to brcatbe frcdj, thus BShKwKJVJww'W ¦
I kocjics Jtin » dry, cool atmos- g^||J -IV^^S'-© I
I 9i^pfc to wbom -tncTKy « no ! '=||\lllv . |
I oujccT prcfo- Sorosis because it RWJM^ I <\\i\lSX B
R is tbe beat shoe money can bay. i^S^W^OT » W. Ww li\ n
B Asaocg the wrzrers of Sorosis Vm'vW $% '^i*lV II
I (frotn oor London books) are: P^^Ml? [\f\\ wW^^\ I
I 216 POST 51 ** — -^> 50 THIRDS I
| No. 1. COMBINATION BOOKCASE — NO. 3. BIN1NO CHAIS — Solid oak. No. 6. MUSIC CABINET — Golden No. 6. SADBXJS SEAT
H Golden finish. Roomy bookcase. Con- o-olripn finish T*ra«v»r» harfc ~,v « " k An . nnv ...... *„ BOCXEB — Solid oak, gold- tf» ¦ *%p
M veniently divided writing desk. 8 OI<J en finish. Braced back... oak and mahogany finish. An en flnlan . PrIce \U Zj
IS Three roomy drawers. tfiQIC " SS5Jfl "?ihi SSft'i? <C11'^. exceptionally practical design, so H^* #t- ~
| Curfo cabinet. Price.. JZ8.7i> ffiS? £5* *!*'. .?f , *M&* arranged that the music can be N o. 7. SH>EBOA*»-Solid oak. *ol<5-
M „ „ „ '"'* 1' J_ ;*r found at a moment's notice. en finish. Beautifully carved. Top
| No. 2. FABLOB TABLE — Solid oak, No. 4. PEDESTAL TABLE.. £-ft. a avan r «n m tr * ra «r decorated with bevel plata mirror.
ffl golden finish. Turned «•¦* -g n drawer. Golden <rin An ..seven roomy , "*4i g g\ One drawer lined for C1H OC
kg legs, rigidly braced with J>I.IJ) oak. Box top. High- fifi e«- 1 hornughly well V I ft f\i» silver. Ample room for ilV-QJ
I shelf. Price 4»*.*v/ ly polished. Prici. ._ H«"» VV made. Price •pilrAJl/ n n€n . Pri C9 4»* /#Ul '
§2 nyftJENwff tfB8^B3flSte». VflftS^lffiSt^. jyffitfrjjft3% v^
3 Covers, Table Covers, Bed Sets, Por- Floor coverings that show ihs master hand of the artist. All the l t #»w«.nfv tnn »n<t Snttnm' h M »«
H*- a r ,. t\ ¦ u • best factories represented. Designs are- exclusive. Wiltons. Axminsters. ozl^cs evenly top and Bottom, heats
M tieres and- Lut Draperies shown in Body Brussels, Velvets. Tapestry Brussels, insraln. Fiber Carpet. Lino- water quickly. We guarantee it for a
I this Department. We cater to every j^™-. Oilcloth and Matting at lowest prices, as the following Items will perio<1 of twQ years /
¦ taste, and would respectfully request agate pbo-brttsssls __ Thor- bbussels cabpet — a {,.od Terms, $1 down and $1 a week.
H that vou allow US to fieure on vour oughly sanitary and moth proof heavy weave in choice colorings.
H ¦ , carpet; reversible; each side a Designs both Ori- CjlZ — "~~"~ ~— — ~ -" — — — -^— — — — —
n work. different color effect, jp ental and floral. Per fSi/2C
B The best low-priced car- S^C. ** ard T% _. x2— . —
Eg ret on thf mnrket. Per yd. vwv A2MI2JSTEES — A choice lino of K.PT\T1T1C^
H FIBER CABPET— The latest thing effective patterns. Eorders »o A^^MM**^
M Yr -in. j-fc-in. j-fc-t>-*-« r In floor covering. Suitable for match. Fine deep pile. The soft
M AVCOliOm V bedrooms. Designs very effec- blending of colors gives the ef- !%**-». jiiiiMtj..!
tl -^ww.-w..-^ tive. Colors are cheer- t nl/ fect so much sought after llcUfll LlllSrlL
1 .Salesroom p u eV a y n a d rd. ha f monlo . U3 : 47/2C p i e r o y i a e r n d ta !.^ 8 :..$i 22& *"v«* ¦*«*«¦>
i w*.«ww. w w tapestbtt BRUSSELS — with *** * %ULd Hundreds of houses and flats listed.
a . , ... _ , borders to match. A choice se- CARPET SAMPLES — These are '
Eg A Uepartment where you will nnd lection of designs, both Oriental manufacturers" samples of late It is our earnest endeavor to improve
KB Tiimrlr»»r1c' nf CtAA PJerpc zx\ nrirAc and floral. An excellent /n design, in Brussels, Velvets an<$ ,. . .
H hundreds ol Udd Pieces at prices grade wm glve gQod t\$Q Axminsters. Come in yard and this service, and none bat experts are
m from one-fourth to one-third less their wear. Per yard *" quarter lengths and make a very , . _ , _,
M , - i T f i ~i • t~- body Brussels— Artistic de- effective rus. Values range »nn employed. Service absolutely free. If
Eg regular value. If you are looking for signs. Effective coloring. This up to $2.25. Special. /SC ¦ ,
H snnipthinir *o fill in a vcorner some- is a ¦ make of carpet that is too while they last >.. ¦ fcr *' you are in search of a house or flat.
|i someyiing .onu in a corner some we) , known to need descrl p tlon _ MATTIKO RUGS— Exceedingly ar- . . , . .. ,-
gj thing for a Wedding or Anniversary Nothing will equal **¦* -• -*I/ tistic. Effective coloring, sr* taIce advantage of this Department.
I present, you will find it here. j $J? r . w « ar ;. . . P ". Good fr«h, flber^ Size ()5C U will save you time and trouble.
ADVERTISEMENTS. >
N
New Trunks
and Bags
Arriving ., every,.. week. , Our .stock,
of trunks, suit cases and leather
goods is absolutely without peer
in the city. We would be -glad
to show you our line of goods
even if you don't buy. Come and
see us.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis StreetGOVERNOR PARDEE ISSUES
THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION
In Accordance With Custom He Sets
Apart November .4 as a Pub
lic Holiday.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. p.— Governor
Pard^e to-day issued the following
Thanksgiving proclamation:
"Wbereas. the people of the State of
California are peculiarly blessed in a
beautiful land, favored beyond meas
ure—a land where, the, best things of
every dime are plenteously at hand—
and Providence has guided us to build
a commonwealth founded firm in the
principles of Magna Charta and the
moral law, so that to-day we are a
contented people, secure in our liber
ties, sane and God fearing in our daily
life, .without disastrous inner. di8sen-
sions or class strife, and amenable at
all times to the dictates of Justice and
tho rules of fair dealing; and
"Whereas, we have had during the
past year bountiful 7 harvests " of many
kinds, our varied manufacturing in^
dust ries are prospering and our ma
terial welfare generally, is greater than
ever before, with possibilities more
hopeful and alluring than those vouch
eafed to any other people; an<* \
Begin Work on New Church Edifice.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Nov. 8.— Con-
; "Now, therefore, I, George C. Par
dee, Governor of the State of Califor
nia, in. .accordance with custom and
with the proclamation of the Presi
dent of the . United States, do hereby
appoint and set apart Thursday, the
•-¦•-: :'..¦'¦ -' % ' ' :¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . _ ¦
"Whereas, we realize that all we are
and all we have as a people is by
favor of the all-loving God, whose con
tinuous care is the basis of our wel
fare,
24th day of November, 1304, aa a pub
lic holiday, on which all public and all
but the most necessary private busi
ness should be laid aside in order that
cur, people may have opportunity to of
fer up their thanks to God for his past
mercy and as one people supplicate for
a continuance of his favors."
perior Judg* E. & Hart t»-digr t» ftj
tr-in rrn ax Isa 0. imfii
Burglar Receives Heavy Sentence.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 5.— Henry
Jones, convicted of burglary in the
first :'. deer** wu le&Uoead tar Su-
struction was commenced yesterday
on a stone church building for the
First Presbyterian Church of this
city. The structure will cover a
ground space of 100x60 feet at the
corner of Marsh and Morro streets^
JHE SAlvT a-"R ANCISCQ -CALL, : . SUNI^YSKWeMbM ' Kl l^K
31
IF IT IS A QUESTION
Of locality with yon,, consult oar
TO 1SETP COLUMNS. Apartments
and rooms In all portions of the
citv advertised.
1'KAGERS I PRAGERS PRAGERS 1 PRAGERS ' I ' . PRAGERS . I: PRAGERS , \ PRAGERS
- ; : : ; — : _ — '" ••¦ x : ' •¦ — '*¦ - •-- '•-•-- - — • '¦ • ¦ '¦••"• — — — : — :, .- " ¦ — . - ' . _ : ; ; ¦- : ;
—^ - - ¦¦ ¦,.-....,,¦¦¦ - ¦- - ¦¦¦-,-- ... - : ¦ • - . ¦¦¦•,., -. ¦¦ r ~ .-.¦¦ ¦¦. -¦-. -„•¦-¦-.¦•¦ .. - ¦ ¦ ¦¦ .-.,.. ¦ , - - ¦ <¦ _ - ¦¦ ¦ - - . ,- , ,.
S*'?16'rf&'^^K& |fl r IK « w «• jj r\' B A' A 1 ¦ ITS "¦¦'"'- "¦•• "¦' W * v- morning papers VKft tf% B^Wf !
¦&&Mi¥lp i"fiv Holiday Goods Are Already Crowding Every ™£Z; miuiuip'
\ VS'j Ai>»ior>S BEUABlE in our new candy - r ' ¦' * ' - ¦ ¦- "- ¦" "' • - - ' ; -' '• * ' ';¦¦ ¦ *^ ¦- • * and Liquor \SL /n>*AY^ gCMAtU^C
I Jf MA&KET&tlQNESSZS. dep (^ e J t loor) ' .¦ v ' . .?. specials. p Aj£/8(£7&tfQ&$*l&
1 SATIN MERVE1LLEUX PIOOIP Of TfaJS MflHlllipth StOFe» * TO Mfllte ' BLACK LINING SILK
I This is another one of those great special offerings """ "~* ""^ mmmm ~~ mmm ~T mmmm ~T mmmmmmm^ m^^ mm mm mm^ mm^ mm ammm ! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ~ mm ~ mm —^- mm ~ m^— m ~^—~ m ~ m^^^—~ mmmm ~ mmmmmmm ~ m a ¦ • t T j-
3 for Mondav in this department. It is a 20-inch extra ,• * :> : ' ? -. :* Hi " .".: ' Ihts offering is for Monday only, and it consists of a 19-
3 heavy Satin MerveUieux that is very desirable for waists, *^k jp *%*Vl %XF -^^jC£» f^ • A fl • inch, strong, black lining silk that never has HO *
3 evening gowns and* com lining; the colors are \ §CO^ft^ irt?* 1 P^lTi WP ilTl^Y 1 KPCl^lBMC HAt^CT^m^ sold tor less than 45c It is excepttonally U N fi i
brown, tan. navy, royal, reseda, old rose, cream. A Ji\AJ^IIlI &Vl &£l^rlll V V X* VIIVS l\Vd£tfllvdd £j€ll J^C&Bll^ Rood tor drop skirts, ruffles, pleatings, etc. /Ml ;
cardinal, garnet" turquoise and corn. Monday / if/^ ' - '• -..--¦ ..-.-¦ ..¦¦¦.... :¦¦¦-..¦-: ..-- ¦ ...... >....., . ... .,,, q^ Wo one can afford to miss this grand money /I 11 (I »
our entire $1.25 lines will be reduced to I 7 W " • • saving opportunity. Our price 8
(Main Floor) ¦ •.¦•.. ¦ • ¦• , J , <Maln Floor) |
Proof of Otir Money-Saving Power, , l Scotch Flannels 1 Notion Specials. J Hats Trimmed Free Monday
¦ 2 ;. .- (Main Floor) ! ' .(Main Floor) . *^'* '^ •' •""" ITVit ' : ~ ' 3
Aii Records m Cloak and Suit, Department, tt 2-s&s SS^.-.-S!^:;5B O^trirh PlUTI^^^ ilipdivfrPfl I
iSrOKei\ illiSoeaSOn ' m^J^f^ n lt SU lF e Hi /%r' •Corduroy-Fine grade. .» yard.... 5c. ' (Second Floor) p
. " .second Floor) BuS^'Snl ett.° f ThSe iKp tJ^!^^f^^^^Si ¥ffc. The choicest trimmings arc to be had by shop, -^\ p
'..V . • . . ,. -..-.. • ¦ • - -. , flannels are 33 Inches . wide ' /^m]\J Hair Wn*— Box 200 Hair Pins— the • p! pers who attend this sale early Monday. }J . £
If ralue> in the most styltsh and exclusive idea* in women s wearing apparel are aoa we a great Dargam at, , largrest. ever sold — for 5c r-\ %t 'n __„. j«^««. n i «>_- >./ " . »i
con.idored, t.^orr. .w b^a banner dav. a yard ......... H»^ Pin^-With .Sterling silver top- f^^Ui T , OT / nC8S // 1^«W« K
— •— - I art* r^rillnr«^ wortn -oc, each lOc u- « •?E^MN5\ Oitrlch. Pompons — Has 26-inch Fine Quality l\L-*ll*S&^\ M
miT , ' ' l^ace OtOCK CrOliara Hat PinB— Fancy— regularly 2 for V v 't^BSS«S* larse bunch of soft Black and White SfS^^^V 5 H
COAli> - ' .-; ! (Main Floor) n ~= c: no^, 2 for ": ¦ • •••"• ••••• 1 •>« ' aigrettes— colors black. Plumes; worth 512.50 ¥§£&£.* \*J B
The coit shown in illustration will be on special sale Monday at nearly one-half These Stocks have Point Gaze fan- -^SS^wSSSU: SSclff?. . .^lO^ "¥ W®P nlSe^'and^pale' Sue- du^d^ 001 ™" $9.98 1 B
pnce. Jt is made of strictly all-wool Oxfords, double-faced platd tf*ck cloaking. It is cy tabs that are now being ~+ - -Pin*— Black and colors— 100 in a fh'l r ' regular *8 50 and $9 00 aucea to * •-« A
4S<X&!£, double-breasted, has a deep military cape, loose worn so much. They come ; in ' fin cube..: 5e \ki^^^_ " values- special *A 40 *8- 50 « J9.50 and J10.00 A^tt. H
-£$®m^ back belted/aud a miUtary collar turned back e^wo^&e ; ?&£\ %{?! LV " "St^S? l ™7?**}^ ™*!iS2 fiW^ at. ...!.. . SP .... $4.48 «™^» »«jg 1
r^*&^r<**£f ¦ cufts * and the collar » cuffs an<1 bcIt arc ot rompou — Black and $7.48 ,g^*£m' gj
'^?S&^l green velvet. We have them in misses' and worn- By popular request. "Little Helene," the Wonderful Child r^^f «S5farly nl ai ifoo- S >7.50 and "jiio'o" Plumes; W^lg^r^ S
ri^T ~J> en> S izes-IM4, 16 and 3^, 34, 36 and 38. Ihe mimic, wiU reappear Monday. hmmmSl trT^cLl^t.^coqo- 20 lvh« 'iong; u ti WM%^k?i l\
4y *iJ—^3. <*9^<7 r!Ce 1S to low and the coat so extraordinarily Honr^'a \ nnd i n'rfnck pw™ ,?»;«««« aJ^^^^^ 7 • i/.3O reduced to «JH.3O K
Irrm good and desirabl^e that we are certain, they will not -- 000 - •»« and ,*00 Ponapon^- u 50 and ,5 00 Shaded I
!#/ / l^W last the entire day. Therefore come early A , ., Five Great Music Hits on Sale. S,»" k and $1.98 Plumes: brown, green *^liW I
fe4> :::: $6.50 -ggfr, « - B -^g. .--^ w-*. «- Mfta^ -KrS-^ SSfi^.SS I
Wgf ,4P»^#' SUITS. - • "Summertime in Dixie Land" 1UV "Blue Bells." . M^Wi3f&»r$ aBC »< 50 Black and w h"» I'fiSw^wH/ @
;4^m 'P'-^ " There are a number of broken lines and sizes (new). * each. < ; A Bit o' Blarney." jf&£gr7$&$- 81 * 60 Extr * 1<arsr8 slz « h/,^^ "" Re " $2.48 • MsP^^aF^ S
y?sL- ¦> /\ in our suit section, varying from size 3-' to 46. We have also arranged to place on sale Monday 1000 standard selections LkH^W®^ ?n Ut O tf rlc J 1 Poni P oa »r- aucea to .......... rj
r t^^t/n There are not all styles in all sizes; hence these [ 3 f or 25c rr^fw' white '9C * 3 - 5 r ° Bunch of Tips ; i^^*\f^'^l^£
l3-T \tnr "***%£* *». «a. «» ?i4. 05 . Toilet Specials Jewelry Specials iSKHr "•-— $2 ' 19 «|S^^ |
T 7 " ' ¦"¦—" \ \ Y 7 ""^^— I Regruiar $^5.00 suits now •"? 17.4 5. (Main Floor) . (Main Floor) MB^V'^^^^ &nd whlte only - • * 2 - 50 jf un d h hi' Tlps ~ W
//i /.':.-:- fl 1 \\ : '" j Regular $30.00 suits now $19.75. Perfnme«— 1-oz. glass stoppered bot- Brooch Pin— A very handsome gold- I LOBSTER PLUMES. onfy .•. a ° . .T. . . ? 5i»98 ?W»=^^^^»* y
TT 8 1^^ T .SAMPLE WAISTS. . 1 ' * SiSy S."^"'" «^ f W iSliV SSSn^fiS «-W Bunch of eg. 1
-V, 1 * I m \ \VVL==- To- morrow you will have a chance to secure a special Monday 1 duced from J 100 and 75c for 7QC white .haded «ien Tips— Special at. . 03C HwJS&r fj
I-;, \ \ \ % ¦! splendid high-grade waist at about one-half CartUe Soap— Lon* bars 2 for i»5o thl S ° cca « ion to u • V • , plain ' black and plain .$1.00 Bunch of Tips- W§F I
• ... ...! /i, A \ V^ 1 he line is a sample one and consists of silk, flan- t»wu« Bogp-^n? wrs, < ior.^nc Tea Seta— Very handaome four-piece L____^^^»J white; special flO c, ( Black, white and ,iq« W£i» r &1
' r'^ 1 \ \V V nel, mohair, albatross, nun's veiling, etc. Everyone : T W ' W5r?S, Be ff Speclal—thla Sw-f'ifitSi^t. a h t£££ fl'J.I*^?!? *I^.3U colors: S9c and ** 3 I» 1 i H
— —^* ../ 1 \ I Xi- 1 * r .1 • j- j j-rr r i R t° be had at the Drug Counter, to silver plated on a very nne nickel • • _. _. . __ r*
£^jr/- : Jg3 : V V |yj is out of the ordinary and every one different from right of. main entrance— 8 for.. S5c silver: this set will wear indefl- . NeW Trimmed KdtS M
k *^2E^^^hte^lJ^-»' l 1<? <>lur " ,,,ATVTXT^ cutbtp Seaa Pencil*— 1 dozen rubber insert- JIO^O; MondaV only?? \7 7S Pretty Rolled Sailors in felt, velvet and Velvet Hats in large, swagger shapes; they B
¦ ¦*! %>^S§§S^^C"V- ,. WA1 T K tNG SKIRTS. iiA ed Lead Pencils— special Monday. • silk; they arc nicely and stylishly trim- have facings of silk and ribbon, and £3
< %Jy$7Tllfw®!8Ss . Fanc V f Mannish Mixture Walkmg, Skirts, in -a dozen... 8c Salt wft Pepper Shaker.— These are me d, with long breasts around the are trimmed with birds, wings, breasts ll
•— -^^ZMfilJ '^^-< the new pleated and kilted effects. They are some- Violet AmmonU — Regularly U. Ky sterling silver topl ?> f n crown; they are easily worth $7.00; they and ostrich plumes; they cannot be B
thmg entirely new; worth $7.50; to be «C JtC 25c a bottle; special... *^C arfworth 75cf on S Mon-' 4SC have been reduced one- fl» O C A bought Elsewhere for less AO 1
*> »ad Monday 4?v/.*±w/ "4711" Soap— Special, a cake ..124c day at * w _ half «J>«J.«JU than $8.50; special Monday H
Special Gathering of Beautiful r K !g^C D^ s w "!tL?° Us j '^h"™ 11 H °t y^ B on!es Don't, Delay Buying Your Winter I
New Silks and Dress Goods J^otJ-fh^ ¥*:<?$$%*> .^wio Underwear Another Day I
(Main Flnnr) mache bodv. bisque , .u«-« iTr*-. Papier mache body, 2 quart Dot fiWp W
. , . .. head, sleeping eves, of these d< ? lls lcft ' sleeping eyes' the ««, special.. *IOC . , ;.?** ¦- (Main Floor) gfij ~J?rt«fiE*»tf • |
The materials are the season ii most popular ones. The various lines curI j either they are 25 inches m K . . J "' . ". ... __ QnAri'ilc fnr M<»n Wnmon onrl TKIMfon B
have been sifted down, making some stand out above the others. bSe or height and have kid - ""js and legs of this bot- ggg bpeCWlS tOf AlCn. WOmen and Children ; p
axe wl^constuute this sale. „ f bd bisque head £"*»«£* «d wmter^Xff ]^7^
JAPANESE SILKS-.^ inches wide: in all the popular colors; sSngs;^ regular value S we have ever tie's? sp^ciah. 68C P-es that are certain to be satisfactory in every instance. |
? cream and black: this silk is in great demand now for fancy price $8.50; cannot cvcr y do11 has lts lace been able to offer. „ r .. KI MEJ J- TT A W\ tt • WOMEN. rj
'\-«>rk for the holiday season. We hare a complete assort- be bought anywhere stockings and fancy It sells regularly These bottles are Heavy Cotton fleeced Underwear that Union suits, wool and cotton mixed; this R
vdtcx of all shade* \ vard .. CiDC at our low tf C QC slippers; ff -i OP at $1.65. Spe- flO ver y welcome these always sells at 50c a garment, and is con- is a medium weight garment that will give g»
I PEAUDECAROL-Black^nd cream; a soft :,i,fc of the same order P" ce *>»*> special at.. 3^1. S^ cialat 98C cold winter night, »*gf ; a| f V'hese^armem" .^rSd^^ki^h^ol"^ I
S aTeJar\fc^aiuy^^^^^^ I If You WiU Visit, This Department Monday We Will Show You & Vhffi "»d doubl J S 5 " orife ResuIar $I75 valae: salc $150 1
4 VELVETEENS— J2-inch black and colored Velveteens, that have I HOW tO EnOHOmiZe Oil Dainty DmnerWOTe drawers. Price 4I5C Black : Merino Tights— They '' are perfect 1
silk finish, close pile, and in all the different shades. Spe-rn (Third Floor) Wright's Health Underwear — The best fitting and the color is warranted not to U
•— — . cia'i at. a yard .,,...,... >¦•.••«.•,«?• v VV . " /fi£?^*^ss. wool-fleeced qnderwear made; it has crock; ordinarily sold at $1.50. fl*| <5C ||
BLACK TAFFETA— More of that popular srnaranteed black Taf- /*&*-> ,/^^H*^^^,^^ o^W/^E-r^n^^S^S /^tW^^> \ warmth, durability and sanitary qualities Special at 4U.&J H
feia at nianufactnrers' prices to-morrow. . This silk will not split />?«^^M^&»^ ¦•^^¦/S^&^^^^^^3=Wr'^^^»A and has few equals. Regularly sold QQ^ Vega Silk Vests, in a Swiss rib; they |
nor^crock, and is to be had only at Pragers. Special, a LX / -f ' WvwW$k ' S-J^S^Pra^fe^^^T^I&til Wt\ at $I °° * Z* rmcnV > 5 P ecial at UC come high neck, long sleeves and high neck ll
- vard -¦ r* - W^s, V. : vr-*^ ri "'^2i3v<S^ ; J^>^^S^^I^\vMkV^fe. *. J* V Cooper's Worsted Derby Ribbed Under- and short sleeves; coiors are CM OC M
BI-ACK TAFFETA— A special 27-inch Black TaiTcta. that is fully | \^^^^fcy->-Jp}^^ wear, in solid blue color, that is -guaran- pink, and cream. Special at. ... K
guaranteed to give satisfaction.. It is a good value at .QQ^ \ s^i^J^^/yCj^y^ *$£*' tec<^ ast; e s^| rts nave French neck Vega Silk Tights Ankle length- the 6
$1.25; our price now /Ov . x> -< r * jLa^g^' K^Jy *^^-^ and silk facing; the drawers have rein- colors are pink, sky cream and black 'An 9
DRESS GOODS. . C OTT AGE.. DIN- with gold knobs and han-' SALAD BOWLS — 500 forced seat; covered seams and patent exceptionally good 'offer at.... CIIAr!
COLORED DRAP D'ETE— 45-inch colored Drap d'Ete, in all the NER SETS — Complete ' dies; -regular price $5.00,, .. handsome Austrian China adjustable waist bands; they are perfect ,_ 4>1.1U U
desirable colors; is worth 8 S c a yard. Monday, a eg Reduced to.. «3 CA Salad Bowls-worth $1.00; lour'SriS CiT/1 Imported Swiss Ribbed Lisle Vests in a B
>ard JO^ • DOrcei ;; n . P -.' . they are handsomely dec- regular value. $1.25. Our price J1 QQ medium weight; they come in cither high II
ALBATROSS— The famous Botany Mills Albatross, in all colors, Plam %vmte Porcelain m COTTAGE V DINNER SET orated; have tinted edges : " "~~tV™'t*™"' '*'* -vv neck and long sleeves or low neck and U
black and cream; suitable for evening gowns, waists and plaited tancy shapes, with raised —Complete service for six with assorted floral sprays CHILDREN. short sleeves; color white only; they QPi el
skirts. It has no equal; new shades are now in; a yard Ll)^, scroll work on the edge; people; entirely new shape in the center; they have Boys' Merino Vests and Drawers, in a always sell for $1 ; special Monday at OJC |J
-4UC regular p r i C e is $4.00; —they have dainty floral gold lines and come in good winter weight; the colors arc nat- Merino Vests and Tights— in good winter 0
ZIBILENE— Black, Colored and Luminatcd Zibilene. for fall suits; special Mon- tf*> CA ' sprays, pink flowers, with sizes », 9 and 10 inches in ural or camel s hair and are for ages Cfl- weight— these garments are of the "Me- i
this i« a rich, silky materiil. which gives tone to the fffAft day at I green sprays. Perfect diameter. You may have 6 to 16 years. Price fcJVV, rode » n,ake, and are perfectly fln- C 1 AA M
costume; a full range of staple colors; price per yard .^l.UU t imitation of Haviland dec- your choice Mon- RQ Children's Swiss Ribbed fleeced -lined ne Ji": u^. ejr i2S. e & aS^JLS^S J1.UU|
NER T SETS^cU^ uS^g^pSffi: DINNER' PLATES-Pulin |
Boys' Furnishmgs, I Important Offering in I Groceries, Liquors I Sale of Framed I s I hbB SJfSS^ Out SS2S £r I
Snits and Overcoats Bedding (^ Waistings and Delicatessen Pictures of^»a2Ms3ns^
'^•cona a ioor> (Main Floor) • T : : ' (Fourth Floor^ (3rd Floor) • m dainty Stripes; they are over the shoulders; one Is and attractive style; has a full fjj
We ran outfit the hnvs f^om head to foot t-l 1 t- , *~\ . .1 faced with Persian strios* trimmed with three rows of blouse front and the yoke ha* H
;« ?!, c nfl , u,nLn? ™ nr,V M Z These are the most staple lines, and every Our customers are not slow . If you are in need of a- pretty the CU F S frY n, a A to narrow ribbon and silk braid; small tucks with strap* ovtr g
in this one department Low prices and fluctuation of the market must be taken ad- in realizing that rhev ran pe* picture for a dininjr-room or sit- „ \ u. , T C d^ tO .the other ls .mbrotdered in the shoulder; the front ts trim- H
high values are offered in every instance. vantage of to be able to offer the riaTif ? realizing mat tney can gL- P xcr uje 10 r a a ining room or sii match; regularly sold |Q^ dainty floral designs; they have med with wool braid; Itbutl
ri p- \aniage 01 to De aDie 10 oner tne ngiu "best duality of ting-room dont fail to visit this at 35c; special at.... 1/C full sleeve and tmy cuffs and pored skirt: its >H n am ¦
CAPS - goods at the right prices. This is one of "ie very uesi quaiuy ui department Monday. There will j^, »iicw*i ai.... -rv Uned tnr0Ofh0 ' uL , Reru . colors ire navy U 2 1(1
A new line of boys' fail golf caps; made our strongest features. goods at prices much lower be found one of the most attrac- Child's Coat lar $6.00 value. We are asking a nd b rown: h n t } % £ J J 0
of good materials and pretty patterns; this CaUfornia Blankets-Made of fine all wool; than elsewhere. Besides this, tive lines of beautiful pictures ; ever (Second Floor) Just one-hair •»-^ tsloo. 8aU prioe T fj
15 .a line of caps that is worth dou- 2Qr» . these are heavy, close woven and .will the "usual shoppings induce- displayed. There are two styles. £ Qf & . hea InlOntS Sfaort* Coat* Infants' BU)S Q
ble the ¦ money; Uur price Y M j stand hard usage. Here area few ments" are given with every An Oval Flemish Oak Frame, smooth cloth, with a four-point This little Coat Is also made (Second Floor) U
Boys lam O bhanters, in new tall prices: -„„!.,.. with ' ffilt ornaments. This has cape, trimmed with fancy silk of Bedford Cord: has two large _. ... . H
styles: they come in handsome colors; I «., o - •- -« *~ ~~ purchase. ;, • ¦ ¦¦^^"j^JJS Mine subiects and 5 ra L d , \ nd e l lt , hn }£ nB - « -la box pleats in . the back and These bibs are etrt m g
»V»J W* Wn «ellinw for "-r Re * l- 10-4— ?•?•»•> 12-4— ?•>••><> 14-4— $7.5O > ; ; J; pretty truit and game suDjects, and double-breasted, with two row* front and two smaller ones on pretty shapes and are of a I
!, y^ 4bC ii-4t-?4.05 i 3 - 4 -%G.ZO 15-4-^0.50- We have now made complete is 15^x19^ inches in size; our, of fancy, buttons down the the side This gives it a full- .g 0O d quality of linen, and §
duced to -x*/V * -' ot < "? arrangements for nromnt and pr ce and your choice of T>^ front; it is lined throughout ness In the skirt. There ls a £_"««.. rn™« n ( .*;ff •«;«». n
wwaitt <5TTTXQ Comforters— Our values in Comforters ran arrangements ior prompt anu ;' ft ,T «, " * < :" //C and comes in brown, blue cape over the shoulders trim- nave five rows of stiffening; P
- \, KH r?ru??" t u not be fexcefled I We^ca?rv everv W?nH qUlck debve " es - A number . of any of them f GV, and green col-^tj o med with braid and ribbon; It every one of them ha* a I
Extra heavy fall khaki Suits for boys; no \ oe excenec. we carry every kind new wa gons have been secured a Flemish Oak Frame with ors: f lxes * *' e UX 1« *n white only; it ls for neat desitrn in the cen- B
they have either plain coats or m and sty le manufactured. We^have them that will be used exclusively for ivorv ornament? Th s s h nrfce^ JT-^re" iB^VO children H om 6 CO 05 "er- ordinarily sold 1C |
Norfolk styles w,tn long trou- C| ?t? "°?o** £> O^' * ' * ' * ' Spcdal "^einthis department. a^J^h "ubjeefs and is S* §uced P^e..^ * m . on * hS .'° .* . 7 ! a " >t>2.Zi> 5"^^.?;.;!!: ISC 1
sers; now M 3 * •«*•* up lo ' ° 22 r^ j nc h e s in size. It is a big _ „ . g
TOPCOATS. I Waistings— A large number of pieces of Telephone Orders tO value at $1.75. Our tf«1 M\ "fraliW HaV OnHflQ 111 RlP* VariPtV " I
Bovs* Reefer Top Coats, in Qxfords and new fancy. waistings in the neatest. Private Exchange 606 Price 4*1. W TSf^ IVaill/ «^ajT WWW 111 1115 ? <*Al\j*,j JJ
Sr^^^te^JliW : - f We have special derks.to recede ART ROOMS. , / &^ The Kind That Keep YOU Dry.
ular price peciai ai . win be Qn ba in CQunter , ' them and who will Rive your order A . . beautiful Art ( women'. Bato-Proof Coat^-In a big assortment, including all the n.**,t
TROUSERS. - in the main aisle Monday at . . . . OC the same care and attention that Roo'ms is certain to delight you- WTT^ : Sfyles iTEaterials and tailoring; these are to be found in our Cloak
An extra «ood quality boys Knee 1 rou- J ¦ would be given yourself. xvooms i> tc ' ldl " lu ><-»". VM^^Jff and Suit Department on the second floor. • J«fir5Cafcs
.ers, in all sizes; special for Mnn-/n Arnold's Flannels— 36 inches wide; the here copies of masterpieces as well ¦ N fiT*\ w«,^ f»«Mii.i_This h a S«-lnch Coat In -J&SS&Fl -.
day and Tuesday f*3C name Arnold is too well known to See Monday Morning Papers for as popular posters are to be found. h ¦El\l " WorlteJ TnnL^J material, in Oxford TaS. »
SHIRTWAISTS I dwell up<m here. These flannels are Specials. We do framing ot all kinds. i C-JiU\ olive and neat herrin K -boae this Coat £giii»*>^& ,
Boys' "Mothers' Friend" Shirt Waists the finest made and are now being "" "" — -^ I M\ Soth Ua fr?nt;"it» d rg* vah^ls §10 00 !8H&M\l/
and Blouses in a number of new /. 5 shown in a number of new pat- |C A ll ..-.'. .; 7~^~ f f \\\\ 513.60; special at V* v »^ v P^T/IB? \«W
patterns for fall; price **3w terns; special, a yard 131 ; ; . \\ } m " k«'» Oravenette.— This la the famous Priest- JJ .V/f VTvIa^ '
~ Eight, Different, Styles in Women's Shoes ChUd> ( s 2n Y?f o s 0 ? ) r Suit JK^W^fcr;*^ 1 1^!!^ N^l^k
P&? (Main Floor) These suits are made of 1^1 ii &T ¦ / M U A ''T*" 1^^^
/ r a time this line of women's pleats in the front and three S^ 'S^' V^& <^ > <£L /^T Boyi' Coats— These are Rubber Boj*' Coat«— Bes t '/?r ffvi
/ V 3,, high-grade Shoes is shown W.^V^V I in the back. The waist t3 PfflBw^ ~. 7 ? '^UJP ? ? / • Coats, in full length, thav we ar I saving you 25c on /Jx ' M \
/fek, in this city. It has just WJa^^ffi^S lined and has little turn- r ¦Hi -¦' <v . generally sell for $2.00; we each garment; tf*«V9C ¦¦ BLJ&
been received from the fV^^\ over, white linen collars and VBL? -AL?H!i4V ; S.\RJ&L'IABL^ have iaarked the CI7C our price Is $&,£,») "^-^^-P®^
«L § InP'SSi %, I Sf sr SST b is F MARKETS tJONESSTS. \ S: »£!-*« L« . . „ ..
KS K^'»fc';, u t,^fi a "r^ «f «gp« -a.- Jkh HJI; AU the Shopping Indncements That Have Saa < S5S?-Jiy I "-rS K^_^>
5JS.^.g»^.7. . Ol : , c "^ . . hg ! la . . . L * v : . . Y .T. $2.50 g?:r<i«| Made This^tbre Pedlar Are StiU Here ¦ aggf -iMf r «Sg* D """' * >ff^- ** ?X% ,7a f . t 50 ?.' nd ..! 8 ?«CTWO MINING INCORORATIONS.— Articles
of incorporation were filed yesterday by two
more Nevada mining companies, the incorpora
tors being the same as those In the companiet
Incorporated en Friday. The otosl Gold and
Silver Mining Company has a capital stock cf
J 1.1 20.000 and the Brunswick- Savage Company
S.'!36.000. The directors of both concerns are
A. F. Coffin. C. Hirschfeld, Herman Zadig,
Oeorge C. fc'nelder and B. F. Shaw.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 5.—Lieu
tenant General Sakharoff, reporting
under to-day's date, says that no fight
ing occurred last night. There was
some skirmishing, however, on Novem
ber 3 and 4. On the latter date the
Japanese opened a heavy artillery fire
on the village of Shanlanza. The Rus
sian losses were insignificant. Rus
sian mortars on November 4,bombard
ed the village of Oudtilatza, about
two-thirds of a mile south of Shakhe.
The Japanese lost many men. General
Sakharoff. says that the Russians are
cannonading heavily ' the village of
Sinchingpu, while the Japanese are
bombarding! Khanshan and Kaolitun.
MUKDEN, Nov. 5.— The Russian and
Japanese armies are now so .'close to
gether that maneuvering is almc-st im
possible. The Japanese are confining
themselves to occasional night attacks,
during which they shell the villages
occupied by the Russians. ' In these
attacks they wounded several Russian
officers.
•.. In return, parties of Russians have
penetrated the Japanese villages at
night, causing temporary panics. , On
one occasion' the Russians succeeded in
throwing two bombs into the Japanese
officers' quarters.
It had been reported > here that "the
Japanese would determinedly attack
Port Arthur on November 3, 'the Jap
anese Emperor's birthday," and it is
believed that Field Marshal Oyama is
awaiting news of the result of this
attack before advancing against Gen
eral Kuropatkln. The Japanese al
ready have received large reinforce
ments.
After a week of almost spring-like
weather, the thermometer fell 20 de
grees last night and the. first snowfall
of the season occurred to-day.
VENTURA LIMA BEAN CROP
BRINGS JOY TO . FARMERS
Tiiough Smaller Than Last Year's
Yield, Output of This Season
Means Wealth . to'. Growers.
VENTURA, Nov. 5.— The lima bean
crop is all harvested arid ; iri,the ware-:
houses. Contrary to expectations, the
output Is a handsome one, reaching. the
splendid, total of 340,000 sacks. This is
more than the mo&t sanguine farmer
on by at least . 100,000
sacks. Last year the output went
over 500,000 sacks, but. the prices
obtained this year are so much
better than ! . last year's that the
farmers will make up in price what
theylack in quantity. Prices so far
obtained are $1 per 100 pounds. Last
year the" price barely; reached $2 50.
BURGLARS LEAVE KEY. — Burglars en
tered the Majestic Cafe, which i» contained in
the Majestic Theater building on Market street,
near Ninth, early yesterday morning and made
their escape with nearly $C>0 from the cash
register. The crooka must have been disturbed
In their operations, for they departed leaving
a skeleton key in the door and without even
relocking the entrance.
LONDON, Nov. 5. — Hon. Richard
Strutt, son of Lord Rayleigh, has
made a radium clock which will go
for 2000 years without winding up.
In this clock small pieces of gold
leaf are electrified by means of a very
small quantity of radium salt. It
bends from the metal substance and
keeps on moving under this influence
until it touches the side of a vessel.
At the moment of contact It loses its
electricity, upon which it springs back
and Is electrified again. The repeti
tion of this over and over again is the
whole secret and Sir William Ram
say considers it might be expected to
go on, barring accidents, for a couple
of thousand years.
Drm't miss Socialist final grand rally Monday
nlKht, Alhambra Theater. Brilliant speakers.*
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 6.— Governor
Pardee has been petitioned to pardon
Mrs. Margaret E. Galivan, who is serv
ing a six months, term in the Saa
F*rancisco County Jail on a misde
meanor charge. The woman is a vic
tim of drink and her friends claim \Z
she is released from jail they will* take
her to San Jose, where she will be prop
erly cared for.
Petition for Release of Prisoner.
GUNS THUNDER
ON THE SHAKHE
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Timepiece Invented by Son
of English Lord Will Run
for Two Thousand Years
Travelers on the Blumenberg launches
from Antioch report the marshes full of
English snipe. Take a trip on the Santa
Fe if you want to get some good shoot
ing. Ask at 641 Market street. . • n
Scads of Snipe.
Two great explosions, apparently of
magazines, were heard on November 2
near Yuahpaofang.
On the night of November 3 the Japa
nese occupied a fort, since called Ichi
nobe, owing to the fact that it had been
bravely captured by that general. Three
field guns, two machine guns, three
torpedoes and many /other, trophies
were captured. The Russians left forty
dead. ' ' .
A vigorous bombardment with naval
guns was delivered at noon on Novem
ber 3 against the east harbor, dockyard
and other points, as a result of which
TOKIO, Nov. 5.— It is reported that
the Japanese have occupied Wantai
Hill, sunk several transports and set
fire to a battleship at Port Arthur.
Wantai Hill is one of the extensive
semicircle of 'forts defending Port Ar
thur. It is situated in about the center
of the semicircle, between the Antz
Mountain forts and the Sunchow forts,
which are situated on an adjoining hill.
The capture of Wantai Hill, it has been
pointed out in dispatches from Port
Arthur, means the dividing of the east
ern fortified ridge. The Japanese had
previously and unsuccessfully attacked
Wantai Hilr, particularly during the
latter part of August.
Delayed advices forwarded from Port
Arthur between November 2 and No
vember 4 say that two steamships of
about 3500 tons each anchored in the
west harbor were sunk by the Japanese
heavy guns, on November 1, and that
the following day another steamship of
3000 tons was sunk.
MAKES CLOCK
FOR THE LAZY
SMITH BECOMES DESPONDENT. — Harry
Smith, a native of Brooklyn, N. Y.. becoming
despondent because he failed to secure work.
took a cold plunsre yesterday Into the waters
of the bay. He was fished out before he suc
ceeded in making fish food. He Is now receiv
ing nourishment at the Emergency Hospital.
The Consul General speaks the
mandarin dialect and the professor's
services will be required as interpreter.
From this high authority it is hoped
to get something definite as to whether
Although Ng Tow Chow, assistant
president of one of the Six Companies,
gave a very good description of Chi
nese marriage customs in Judge Cof
fey's court yesterday, its . application
was hardly satisfactory as proof of a
law governing marriages in China. On
this account the hearing was con
tinued until next Thursday morning,
when an effort will be made to have
present the Chinese Consul General
and Dr. Freyer, professor of Chinese
literature at the University of Cali
fornia.
Consnl General "Will Be Called to
Testify as to Marital Laws
In the Orient.
CHINESE DIGNITARY TO TELIi
ABOUT jrARIUAGE CUSTOMS
the Chinese laws are codified and what
their purport is without, as Attorney
Hill suggested, sending to the Em
peror for a certified copy.
a fierce conflagration occurred near the
east harbor. The fire raged from. 12: 15
to 4 o'clock. The same day the fire of
large-caliber guns was directed against
H fort at a height of 200 yards, and the
nDrthwest._watch-tower.<' Heavy ,dam
a"ge"was caused by the bombardment
on both the fort and tower. A Russian
field gun placed at a vital point east of
Keekwan Mountain was struck by a
Japanese shell and destroyed.
Xogrs Men Capture Wantai
Hill, Sink Transports and
Damage One Battleship
Liehcs & Co. Receive Grand Prize.
ST. LOUIS, Xov. 5. — (Special) — H.
Licbes & Co.. the San Francisco fur
house, have been awarded the grand
prize for fur rugs, a very line exhibit of
which is made in the Forestry building
at the World's Fair.
PEORIA, 111., Nov. 6. — A sensation
was created this morning when It was
announced that the basing price of
whisky had dropped from Jl 24 to
$1 23, a drop by successive stages of
5 cents In about two months. The
continued dropping of the market has
created a sensation in the ranks of the
independents, who are convinced that
the trust has begun a war of exter
mination. The usual basing price is
around 51 SO. When, therefore. It
drops so low as the present figure it
usually presages a bitter war. Whisky
men are reticent as to details, giving
the reason as strong competition.
.For some time past the war for
business between the trust houses in
this city and the three independents,
Woolner & Co., Corning & Co. and
Clark Bros. & Co., has' been particu
larly active. The fight has been car
ried on between the independents as
individuals and collectively against
the trusts. Well informed whisky men
are of the opinion that the war has
just begun and that the price may go
still lower. All the local houses are
running at full capacity, grinding
nearly 100,000 bushels of corn per
day.
When the announcement of the re
duction was made on 'change, scenes
of wild excitement ensued. There was
a hurried conference of the independ
ents and an effort was made to forbid
the publication of the figures. It was
declared that the cut was not bona
fide. Finally the quotations were tak
en off the board and no official quota
tions appeared to-day.
Samuel Woolner of Woolner & Co.
denied the quotation was a bluff on
the part of the trust.
The trust decided two months a??o
to engage in a war of extermination
and gradually worked the price down
to the figures announced by Frederick
Kingsiner, the trust manager of Pe
oria, this morning. Samuel Woolner,
the man generally credited with being
responsible for the first break in the
price, was frantic when the figures
were announced. He asked Kingsiner
to recall the price, but the latter re
fused.
No whisky was offered publfcly at
the price announced to-day.
JAPANESE GAINS
AT PORT ARTHUR
Emperor Nicholas during an audi
ence with British Embassador Har
dinge last Sunday, declared in the most
positive terms that there were Japan
ese torpedo boats in the North Sea, Ap
parently Denmark was impressed by
the same belief. The Russian Em
press Dowager, who was then in Co
penhagen, naturally did not fail to
communicate to her father the com
munication received by her from St.
Petersburg. This would account for
the extraordinary precautions adopted
by the Danish Government in detailing
warships to escort the Baltic Sea fleet
through Danish waters.
Another remarkable story is current
in well informed circles to the effect
that two balloons were seen hovering
over the Skagerack while the Russian
fleet entered the North Sea. These
were said to have been manned by
Japanese with the object of watching
the Russians, and, possibly, of drop
ping explosives.
No hint of suspicion is expressed in
any responsible quarter that the Brit
ish Government was in any way re
sponsible for the alleged machinations
of the Japanese agents.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 6.— A sen
sational report is current here, attrib
uted to a high authority, that Russia
will undertake before the International
commission to prove that the Japanese
Minister at The Hague actually organ
ized an attack on the Russian squad
ron and will produce an intercepted
message sent by the Minister, contain
ing complete evidence that such
was the case. There is said to
be good gound for believing the
report to be true. There are
many indications that the Russian
Government has been long in posses
sion of strong evidence of a Japanese
plan to Intercept all of Admiral Rojest
vensky's warships. This explains the
willingness of Russia to submit the
case to an International arbitration.
Announcement Made at
Peoria Creates Excitement
Among Combine's Eivals
Intercepted Telegram Ee
vealihg the Plot Alleged
to Be in Czar's Possession
"WOBBIES INDEPENDENTS
MESSAGE IS /EVIDENCE
Said to Haye Proof' That
Tokio Diploniat Planned
Attack Upon . Squadron
Competition Brings About
Eeduction in Cost of the
Liquor That Presages War
WHISKY TROST
CUTS PRICES
RUSSIA SPRINGS
NEW SENSATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER (;, 1904:
32
OPIE EEAD.
Will contribute a series of arti-
cles to the SUNDAY CALL
commencing November 20, enti-
tled "Jottings of Old Jim Juck-
lin." The first story will be "ON
HELL."
Be sure you get THE CALL
and follow this series of articles
carefully.
ADvmrrisKMEyTs.
PER3IAXEXCE OF CUKE.
The Chief aicrit.
Many BO-called pile remedies will af-
ford the user Blight temporary relief,
and the majority of sufferers do not ex-
pect more than this. Women especial-
ly, after having tried every preparation
recommended for the cure of Piles,
have come to the conclusion that there
is no cure except by an operation. This
Is rightfully viewed with dread, be-
cause of the shock to the delicate ner-
vous system of v.omen, and many of
those afflicted have resigned them-
selves to the situation -with never a
thought that there is any help in sight
for them.
We invite the attention of all such to
the experience of the lady whose ad-
dress is piven below.
"I feel it my duty to recommend the
Pyramid Pile Cure, for after suffering
ten years with a most distressing form
of Piles I am entirely cured, thanks to j
this remedy. Any one doubting this j
can write to Margaret Brady, 156 j
Whitman St., Cleveland. Ohio." :
Ten months later she writes "I am !
glad to say that I am still perfectly !
free from Piles and have not had the j
slightest trouble since I first used your j
remedy. I am well known in Cleveland j
and have advertised Pyramid Pile Cure
extensively here. I take pleasure In
doing so as it saved me from an opera-
tion, "which I always dreaded, and you
are assured the remedy can have no
firmer advocate than L"
Testimony like this should convince
the most skeptical that Pyramid Pile 1
Cure not only cures, but cures to stay 1
cured. It Is In the form of a supposl- ;
tory; can be applied in the privacy of j
the home directly to the parts affected 1
and does its work quickly and pain- j
lessly.
Druggists sell this famous remedy for !
fifty cents a package, and we urge all !
sufferers to buy a package now and j
give it a trial to-night. Accept no Sub- i
stitutes.
Write Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, '
Slich., for their little book on the cause j
and cure of Piles, which is sent free for ,
the asking.
(jffaTPRTNTING lei i
f/ Ax. Cut Prices | !
You are sure to be pleased with my 1
work. Others are. The quality is
right and the price is way down.
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6 10c i Roll of 12 15c 1
PRINTING:
Solio finish. .3c-5c i Vclox finish. .3c-6c j
Buy np ANSCO CAMERA. Has
quick and powerful lens. Is accurate !
and easy to operate. J$:i.OO up.
CTKO Printing Paper prints by
gaslight. Gives clear and beautiful
detail. Try it.
DAYLIGHT LOADING riLMS —
The best made. Popular prices.
CONKLIN'S SELF-FILLIKG PEN j
Fills by simply pressing a spring, j
K*eps the ringers clean. Does not !
drip nor sweat. Always ready. |
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MAEKET STBEET. OCP. riftb. j
EAN FRANCISCO.
— _ . !
l!; MERCHANT TAILORS. ?!; |
fy 622 Market Street. 1} !
X\ Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HotsL «
1 1 SAN FRANCISCO. g
i{ Novelties in Imported Wear <j
S?5i33\A/E; AK TVVEN \
&3 rfea DR - HALL'S REINVIGORATOn I
KB ¦¦ J stops all losees and unnatural dis- I
i I charges Jn 24 hours. You feel an j
lyg Ef?g improx-ement from the first deme. j
W? fj T We have »o much confidence In our !
f«xr «*ife> treatment that we offer Five Hun- !
5E> iri&f- dred reward for any case we can- ¦
H "~** i * not cure. This secret remedy cures '
lost power, nightly emissions, wanted organs,
varleoeele. rleet. strictures, kidneys, falling '
memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhea, dls- !
<-ase ct the rroftate glands and all other terrl- '
tie effects of ttlf-abuse or excesses, which lead i
en to consumption and death. Positively cures i
the worst cases In old or young of that mortl- '
fylng- condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed $2
per bottle: three bottles. $5. Guaranteed cure
eny case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL !
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. !
Also lor eale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. Send
for free book.
OCKAX TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11),
Kan Krancipco:
For K.tchikan. Wrangel,
Juneau. TreadwelU, Haines, ;
Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11
a. m.. Nov. 1. 6. ll. 16. 21. j
26. Dec. 1. Change to this I
company's steamers at Seat- j
for Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend, '
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, South Belli neham. '
.Bellincnam— 11 a. m.. Nov. 1, 6, 11, 16. 21.
2C. Dec 1. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoxna to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 6, 12, 18. 24, 30. Dec. 6. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Nov. S, », 15. 21. 27, Dec S. !
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo« Angeles «.nd
Kedcnde). San Dieco and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a, m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Fan Pedro), Santa. Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San eirr.eon. Cayucoa. Port Harionl (San
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Nov. 7, 15, 23, Dec 1
Coo« Bay. » a. m.. Nov. 3, 11. 19. 27. D*c. S
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlin. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
calla. Guaymas <M«.), 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
I: reeerved to change «»am»>rs or calling dates
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery «t- (Palace Hotel). 10 Market ft., and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Ofice 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent
K» Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Butter st.. win
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 31Z
qccamcs.s.co.sKM
S. 6. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Ey<Jn*y Thursday. Nov. 10, 2 p. m.
F S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Nov. 19. 11 am
E S.MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 23. 11 a. m.
J.D.SFEE(mSfcBEOi Ca. Acts., TiCtCt fflfiw 643 Mir-
tii mm CScg 323 Kartei si, Pier 7. Pacll: ;l
tCKPAG.VIE QZVIZK.LX TRLKBlTLLJTlUl
DIRECT LINE TO, HAVRE-PARIS , -._
Sailing every Thursday lnetead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier vwfJ
42, North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
1TRAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FCGAZI & Co.. Pacific Coast
Arents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Por V. S. Wavy Tard and TaUaJo. .
Sirs. General Frisble, Monticello and Arrow
8:45 a-m.. 12:80 p.m., 8:15 p.m., 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays 8:45 a. in..'
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. 7
a.m., 9 a_ra., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m. Sun-
£*>*. 7 a-m., 8 a.m., 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pier 2
ft Mission ft. ; 1 hece Main 1508. HATCH BROS
¦ *____-_ ;..-_.; ADVERTISEMENTS. ._. — ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ "~~~~Z
Might as well have the kind of a home you want right from the start.
pzat^^^^^^^^- j)i v id e aiaree snra into 52 eqnal parts and how very insipificant it looks.
' -•'¦• ''-m_ '¦¦ _». • - ¦ • _«3Jfcw \f^L **"** '*** "^
I Egjfe'll"^^^^ l FABLOB STTIT OF THREE PIECES. 8287 * fi »L5 5jf A *' SSw^hM^th^SSi
2 -'* — — -4f5? \ Beautifully carved frames, richly polished, but lfs the up- S3.-5. Lai rger "tan ine usual
B f^SsSr - -~r. -^T7^^ holstery we're particularly proud of. It is covered In an all-silk Golden oak. polish- f^«°f n ches In dlamete?
H g^.- — — . _Z^ tapestry of the daintiest shades. The beauty of the upholstery ed. quarter-sawed. Is 2<*nche • ta *»«£•£
S pt5F^- -=S3£" is not confined to the covering— it's In the making, beneath tho Stands 34 Inches in As turay. ***&* al ?£
$ i^if _ _^^S covering, where the real worth is placed. Everything securely height. Colmnr, Is 4 table, posts are -^ In.
I )J^^ = *L g a tt^^/ ir^ -I fastened— best of springs and hair filling. I Inches In diameter. | tnicK, strongly oracea.
SPLEHDID BUEEATT, .SIO.(K). ~--=-£§Sa^*^ < r : =^-' , l j^ "t^rfi L^^^§£=l^y? \%&+^-^~^**^^ZZ^^tf
Luh ;_ j F rij . \^. EXTENSION TABLE, J ([ (^jgjgggt8
III I 1 1 Illllf $20m T JhMfll Wi^^^^^^i
II IL i|j j i JIJ J ¦ i Pedestal extension tables— tables Beautiful design, rich = ¦¦¦^^iTii fVrl WsiJ & \5^ •" . i
C Y$. m^^Jj^M vSUil with tho single massive center polish; all the conveni- S^~~2r^ffi Rj&% -^=^=7-— -—• ¦ ~.
'*tLi*Amt..Ti* : i*^"^*"* column are rarely offered for less ences of a large side- 1 ll i|,-^ »<gS| e , ¦ ¦ «
I than $30, and this one is quite board, without heaviness j Vyi likji : IT^T-Sso »««^i'-'^| i
— »IL as handsome as any $30 table you that usually is found in fcrt£r-. VjM |HN rfi;/'^^} $5rz^ 3 1 '
«U ever saw in your life. It extends sideboard designs. u ff^ \W IT.^a '. \ '- 1 _j
to six feet. Beautifully propor- Credit? Of course! *• |< jLtJ , ,
COMPORT FOB BABT, 81 .OO. tioned and richly polished. Credit for everything. (FpJ P ' " 3>a <i»^-= =^3g
It is made of white maple. - t«U«. «.-t T>r»r*Vin? C t~\ TIT -*- V)
dainty, yet strong; 2 feet wide. 42 TT . GaS TaDOVTCl, (^Zf^3^3 KOUK±.K I* U M- -,V «.„„-,*
inches long. Rails are higher than H KT^^ T?r\T>T *1 *7C THE SXDEBOABJ>, $22.uO.
usual, 14 inches above the mat- W^is Dadiator SI 00 FORT, $j./0- Solid uolden oak. massive trench
tress. Stout wire mattress goes WsM KaUUUUr > llUWl n .. • . t . „„_ plate mirror; just the kind of a
with it of course. IWHhiftS Cl AX Made of Don t judge the com- sideboard that is commonly sold
_ _ __^— Rlllii , l>4:> - ; quarter- fort by the price. Big, for $35 around, town.
-JRilS-1 £S^f1 : JEiS'S /^fte 5^
tfBBTTTT Pqi : .,,v. -'\* < *WZ$Q^ i n c h e s in ly construct- U^- * or carvea \vooa seai. t I I (] L3 ) ll
/' =^ -height. ed. LL Golden oak finish only. V**^~ >^L J I
|/S*-^. Y PoBitively no mail or telephone orderi will be accepted for any of the«e , «rx=jLz£f~$c Jl
fcpjw7*|^-t) "C\\ advertised nrticlea. V*.v7' P^^^^^^rtlT^^^^\
COMBINATION BOOK CASE AWT) I a^H&OTBBn I • IM* <1 * Ew H i M ' A B HH I^wL *3h Sal ENAMELED BED, SO.oO.
COMBINATION BOOK CASE AND PF&^PlBfiM I * 1^ B^ JSf A j V I lifJi « W\ ev?r et tlr|1 ' d ** W '** • hout our cle * al
¦:y-. .::: DLSK, »1. i.,»\f. U&B/iKfrJSfSMItlB, .jjL jti^, m^in m^lpw,,,n4 T '^_l_3j_3— l-£l_ JmSmmOmmjLj b^ds; so many to chocae from that the sub-
Low as the price is, it's well made and lMH[j|teMjBBBy^^W^^MHW^WW^W^^^TTTWff%^PffTyr^T^F^~ w^r*rr a '. t t .' rry^^a j, ct " can 't be exhausted. This rr.e (In three-
•W'cll finished. Low as the price is, vou Rnixlr n z~» *-% <c m ~w~£E- Hs0*~- JC1 I M #^T~^=T#?-. quarter or double) Is a fa!r exa.-nple In price.
can buy it on Stfrlinp: easy terms'— a «-»Jr»*— C-»O^ * MC rrm — y^9 m-m—m<^ m «_ »-^ • Jn a ,, over wort h(r.e«!.; massive r^st* an«l flll-
dollar down and a dollar a week will do. »ng; beautiful design.
ADVEltTlSEaJCENTS.
'" T //^jflBL Grew This Hair
;H^^^n PROVE IT.
*y'BCTByi?¥*^"^^^y^mwWPWW remedy ever discovered. It U a natural food
liiiSiiisis^ and a Tfholesomo medicine -for both the hair
K : f^^^^^^gBBpBPlH^|-^ '. - SpSyfSJIia&yS moro genuine "Is In your hair than a gallon of
PPCC To show how «priekly Danderine acts, we will
rllfcfci send a large sample free by return mail to any ono
who sends this advertisement to the KnowltOD Danderine
Latwt Photo of PRANOea MARIE KNOWLTON, Co., Chicago, with name and address and 10 cents in silver or.
Af Fo5r Year*. : . 880 Gafft*Jd Boulevard, Chicago, stamps to pay postage.
SSar^&^y REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
..A New Department.
; •
Having added anotiier floor and doubled our
facilities, we now announce the arrival of a large
Stock of Colored Garments
Being the fruits of an extended visit of our Mr. ' :
Kennedy to Eastern cities. Suffice to add, the very
latest arc shown, as
..Every Article Is New..
R. T. Kennedy Company,
1106 Market StreetRachel , Abel; ; reading of minutes; ad
journment. ' ¦"¦ . . ' '
Then followed the social 1 hour and a
reception to Mrs. George Law Smith,
when the'Palo AJto K Club" entertained
the visitors royally, ¦ providing a de
lightful luncheon.* ;At"4 carriages were
in waiting and every visitor was
whisked^ around^ the"" university town
and- the 'campus, \ green' with* the grass
of. premature aprtng: . -¦ -.' •'-' .'
_ A. visit. 'to. r the chapel," filled. with the
light of - the dying sun/ the - great organ
sobbing Jn .the .choir,', wasia -thoughtful
and inspiring moment not soon to be
forgotten. Taken all x in all the third
convention of the bay district clubs
was a famous success, due in great
measure to the energies of Mrs.. A.; E.
Osbourne, the district vice president,
and the clever women of the Palo Alto
Club— they're trumps.
Henry W. Delhom of 865^ Market
street had seen and marveled at the
work of stellar professional conjurers,
but after his experience early yesterday
morning with the Misses Nettie Mason
and Mae Adams he tactily, awarded
those ladies, -amateurs as they were,
the palm for clever prestidigitation. He
had laughed heartily at the discom
fiture of the man whose hat was ap
parently torn to . tatters by the stage
magician and he never failed to roar
with mirth at the remonstrances of the
man whose gold timepiece was being
rammed home in the blunderbuss of the
same maker of mystery. But he did
'not even smile at the sleight of hand
performed by the Misses \ Mason and
Adams at his expense. The owner of
the hat or the watch always had his
property restored in as good shape as
when the wizard received it, but Mr.
Delhom never got back the two $5 gold
pieces, for which one nickel, and one
brass telephone slug were deftly sub
stituted in his right-hand pantaloons
pocket. Perhaps that, was why -he neg
lected to smile.
While he is inclined to believe _ that
th6 trick was performed by Miss
Adams, he swore to a complaint which
charged Miss Mason also with petty
larceny, and she was the only one ar
rested, probably because she could not
sprint as fast as her companion.
It was in a saloon at Fourth and
Minna streets that Mr; Delhom met the
two ladies, and although the time was
3 o'clock a! m. he consigned himself to
dalliance. He purchased drinks for
them^ endeavored to avoid discrimina
tion in his tenders of attention, con
versing with them alternately lor with
both at once. At'no time was-. he aware
of a strange hand being in his pocket,
which made his surprise ¦ all the
BASE METALS ARE DEFTLY SUBSTITUTED
greater when he discovered the baser
metals instead of the gold. He in
formed the ladles that the quickness
of "hand had completely deceived his
eye and requested that the golden
coins be restored to him to enable him
to pay for the last round of liquids.
To his astonishment and grief they
.laughingly besecched him to cease
"kidding." When he asseverated his
seriousness they waxed indignant and
told him that, he ought to be ashamed
of himself for suspecting them of such
a thing. Then they arranged their hats
with the aid of the backbar ' mirror,
scooped up their skirts and stalked
forth Into the night. Mr. Delhom pur
sued, but Miss Adams outstripped her
comrade and escaped. As the missing
gold was not found in Miss Mason's
possession, Mr. Delhom believes that
Miss Adams took it.
Judge Mogan continued the case till
next Wednesday, by which time Miss
Adams may also be in the toils.
James Flanagan, accused of stealing
5200 from Jerry Delberti, will be given
a hearing to-morrow before Judge Ca
baniss. Mr. Delberti says that in a spirit
of philanthropy he allowed the defend
ant to share his room ' at 229^ Sixth
street Friday night and that when he
awoke in the morning he found his
guest absent and $200 missing from the
trousers pocket in which he had placed
it before retiring.
Syen Dors, a Swedish mariner,
averred before Judge Fritz that Robert
Moftett, a marine fireman, waylaid and
tried to rob him Friday night at How
ard and Beale streets. The hearing
was continued till to-morrow.
Her, esthetic sense, cultivated through
a complete course of Laura Jean Lib
bey, chafed under' the commonplace
name bestowed upon her at the bap
tismal font, and she called herself
Gladys Freeman and tried to make oth-
Feminine Fingers Abstract His Gold
SLEIGHT OF HAND WORK
ASTONISHES MR. DELHOM
Mrs. F. H. Reed, prsident; Contempo
rary Club, Mrs. C. *L Ward, president;
Corona Club. Mrs. Robert Wallace,
president; Daughters of California
Pioneers Club, Mrs. Sydney Palmer,
president; Laurel Hall Club, Mrs. Ella
M. Sfxton. president; Pacific Ccast
Woman's Press Club, Mrs. E. J. Foster;
Papyrus Club, Mrs. C. Fresbie; Alter
Ego Club, Miss Ida Lee Spencer, presi
dent; Irving Club, Miss Juliet Grennin-
Ker, president; South Park Settlement
Mothers' Club, Mrs. Papadaches, presi
dent; San Jose — Woman's Club, Mrs.
A. P. Murgotten, president; Fort
nightly Club, Mrs. F. H. Eastey, presi
dent; San Mateo — Woman's Auxiliary
Civic Club, Mrs. A. B. Ford, president;
Thursday Club, Mrs. C. H. Kirkbride,
president; Sonoma — Sonoma Valley Im
provement Club, Mrs. R. P. Hill, presi
dent; Vallejo — Woman's Improvement
Club, Mrs. F. W. Gorham, president;
Watsonville— Woman's Club, Mrs. B. F.
Nance, president. •
Now these talks — which in some
instances expanded just a trifle beyond
th% time limit — ranged from literature
to household science, taking in civics,
social economy and landmarks along
the way. And let it be proclaimed in
the market place that by 12:30 the
whole programme was at an end and
the delegates en route to luncheon — a
charmingly arranged affair, for which
the visitors were amply grateful.
At 2 p. m. the afternoon session was
on, with the following features:
Report on finance; nomination of dis
trict vice president, Mrs. F. W. Gor
ham elected; nomination of member for
credential committee, State federation
meeting, Mrs. Kennedy of the San Jose
Club elected; nomination of member
for nominating committee, State fed
eration meeting, Mrs. Geraldine Frisbie
elected; five-minute reports on "For
estry," Mrs. J. J. Scoville, Mrs. E. H-
King; "Civics," Mrs. J. H. Doane; "Ed
ucation," Mme. Emilia Tojetti; "Cali
fornia History and Landmarks," Miss
Eliza D. Keith, Mrs. Laura Bride Pow
ers; "Club Extension," Mrs. R. P. Hill,
Mrs. B. F. Nance; "Libraries and Port
folios," Mrs. Florence Kendall;,"House
hold Economics," Mrs. Katherine F-
Bingham; "Reciprocity Bureau," Miss
'Tor Woman's Club," Mrs. J. S. Lakin,
president: response from delegate, Mrs.
Laura Dride Powers; report of creden
tial committee; rollcall of delegates,
Mrp. M. M. Steuart, secretary; greeting
from State president, Mrs. George Law
Fmith; threo minute reports from club
presidents of clubs in the San Fran
cisco district; Calistopra— Civic Club,
Mrs. Fannie Scott, president; Eureka—
Wednesday Club. Mrs. Ella Robbins,
president: Monday Club. Mrs. Walter
Dixon, president; Hollister— Idle Hour
Reading Club. Mrs. A. D. .Shaw, presi
dent; Na.pa— Now Century Club. Mrs.
O. E. Clark, president: Study Club, Mrs.
L. A. Maxwell, president: Palo Alto
Woman's Club. Mrs. J, S. Lakin. presi
dent: Potaluma — Woman's Club, Mrs.
J. Williams, president: Corona Literary
and Social Club. Mrs. E. Crowhurst,
president; San Francisco — California
Club. Mrs. E. P. Scheil; Clionian Club,
PALO ALTO, Nov. 5. — There was an
awful chatter In the air when the
southbound train pulled in this morn
ing—a merry chatter— for aboard were
fifty delegates to the third annual con
vention of the San Francisco District
cf the California Federation of Women's
Clubs— fifty of them and a lot of chatty
alternates and friends.
And they had a lot of things to talk
about, these busy clubwomen, for the
"stunts" of twenty-nine clubs for a
whole year had to be disposed of be
fore the setting of the sun. How's that
for condensation?
The delegates were graciously met
a i the depot by the members of the
Palo Alto Club and escorted to the
flower-decked clubroom, where the see
ei en— which proved a social and edu
cational stimulus— was held.
The affairs of the day were begun
under the benign influence of an in
vocation, pronounced by Mrs. G. R.
Alden. Mrs. A- E. Osbourne, the dis
trict vice president, followed with a
spirited welcome to the delegates and
friends, who were further welcomed in
good Palo Alto- fashion by the Hon.
Marshal Black, whose name shall go
down in history for "conspicuous brav
ery in the field"— as he was the only
man within the sacred precincts and
he remained several minutes after his
eloquent address had been given
voice.
Then came the following programme:
By SallF Sharp.
Mrs. George Law Smith,
President of California Or
ganization, at Session With
Mrs. Osbourne in Chair
LAXGE ATTENDANCE
OF DELEGATES NOTED
Third Annual Meeting of
San Francisco District of
the State Federation Pro
duces Good Fellowship
CLUB WOMEN
CONVENE IN
PALO ALTO
until his removal to a cell upstairs.
Police Judge Mogan and Superior
Judge Murasky put their heads to
gether and decided it would be best
to defer the proposed nuptials of 15
year-ohi Rose Salazar and 19-year-old
John T. Allington untile some new
phases of the case can be properly con
sidered. So in accordance with that
decision the girl has been placed in
St. Catherine's Home and the hearing
of the charge against the boy con
tinued till next Wednesday.
The young couple were found in such
a compromising situation that their
marriage was deemed the only avail
able means of saving the girl from
shame and the boy from the peniten
tiary. He was willing to become a
benedict, but as he is a minor and his
parents reside in New York, the wed
,ding could not be effected until they
were communicated with. Then it was
ascertained that he had no means of
supporting a wife, as he is a dental
student and dependent upon his rela
tives for maintenance. When the two
Judges interrogated the girl with a
view of ascertaining whether her
parents would be willing and able to
Manufacturing sorrow Is one of the
worst of sins.
Tony Pistanto, who has allowed a
little Mexican woman to support him
In idleness by working in a cannery,
will be sentenced to-morrow by Judge
Mogan. He was beating his paramour
in their squalid home at Jackson and
Kearny streets when Patrolmen
Holmes and Dajr.srett arrested him.
Elsie Edwards and Frank Bird, who
came from Vallejo and stole blan.<ct3
from a Sixth-street lodging- 'ire. were
given six months apiece by Judge-
Mogan. The woman is 20 and the man
22 years of age, but they are old in
depravity.
• • •
If the boy is convicted as charpr«"i the
girl will be kept where she is until a
home with a respectable family can be
found for her.
house both her and a husband she in
formed them that her home influences
were responsible for her waywardness,
as her father lives with a woman to
whom he has not been wedded and her
mother is similarly attached to a man
who does not call her wife.
Frank Schweitzer, charged with
drunkenness, was suddenly seized with
a fit as he sat in the cage of Depart
ment No. 3, and he uttered , a yell that
scared , his fellow prisoners almost to
the panic point as he dropped to the
floor, where . he writhed convulsively
Judge Mogan dismissed the cruelty to
animals charge against C. C. Moss, who
was specifically accused of plucking
chickens ere they were dead. The pros
ecution failed to show that the defend
ant had not used proper means to exe
cute the birds before he began to de
nude them of their feathers. V. O.
Harbaugh, an expert called for the de
fense, testified that Mr. Moss pierced
the chickens' brains, which was a more
humane way of killing them than by
slashing their jugular veins. It inci
dentally developed that Mr, Moss can
kill and completely pluck chickens
in less than one minute.
• • • ' .
• • N •
was accepted. *
Dr. Glover, summoned as witness in a
battery case before Judge Fritz, stated
that he ignored the first subpena be
cause there was no interne at the Park
Emergency Hospital to take his place
while he was absent. The explanation
There. are fourteen children in the
Wright family, occupying 2817 Twenty
fourth street, .and William, 20 years of
age, has made life so unpleasant for his
brothers and sisters that they had him
arrested for disturbing the peace. He
told Judge Cabaniss that drink was the
cause of his bad behavior, and to prove
that he intended to reform he submit
ted to having Clerk Barney Conlan
swear him to abstain from even sipping
intoxicating liquor for one calendar
year. Then he was reprimanded and
dismissed by the Judge.
• • *
The united efforts of four stalwart
men were required to keep Ellen Coch
ran, middie-aged and intoxicated, In
subjection until the patrol wagon ar
rived at Columbia square, where She
was arrested for disorderly conduct,
and two more able-bodied bystanders
had to be enlisted to assist in hoisting
her into the vehicle. Judge Mogan has
given himself until to-morow to decide
just how long the woman shall remain
in jail.
Jesse D. Parsons of 675 Mission street,
who spent in riotous living the money
his wife obtained by begging, was
given thirty days by Judge Fritz after
he had applied for and been refused a
jury trial. '
• . .
ers so address her. A practical police
man, however, brutally insisted on reg
istering her as Mary Mahena, the cog
nomen prescribed by her forebears, and
under that title she was accused before
Judge Cabaniss of having embezzled
two diamond earscrews, valued at $200,
from L. J. Parra of 231 Oak street. Mr.
Parra displayed a written contract by
which the defendant pledged himself to
return the ornaments to him on de
mand, and he informed the court that
she had broken that covenant. She will
tell her side of the story next Satur
day. Her figure is short and well
rounded, her features are comely, her
coiffure is of old gold tint and her age
open to conjecture.
THE SAN FRANGISGO GALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
33
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uricsol,
the only cure for
Rheumatism.
If you tre suffering from rheuma-
tism there is a chance for you to be-
come absolutely cured. You may
cure yourself and do it quickly if you
will lay aside your prejudice and
skepticism.
Every San Francisco drugpist sells
Uricsol, the well-known remedy, and
we hereby authorize them to guaran-
tee a cure.
Uricsol cures rheumatism in the only
possible way it can be cured.
Uric Acid and Ucates are the cause
o{ Rheumatism. These are deposited
in the tissues, blood vessels and joints
of the body.
These deposits must be dissolved
and eliminated from the system be-
fore a cure can be accomplished.
Uricsoi is a solvent of these and
tones up the system, stimulates the
kidneys, liver ..nd bowels and thus
drives them from the system.
Uricsol is harmless, and no injuri-
ous results can possibly come to any
part of your body.
Write us to-day for booklet con-
taining recommended diet for rheu-
matics.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.
Los Angeles, Cah
&%tiJ9cu£aAiwm>
fFcnicct Fitting (j.^ '
Eyeglasses IM
M Moderate Cost (\
V 642 'Harke.tSt
Woman
f, \- A *">Y \ U Interested and should know
•. i ~>i W.i| about ttif wonderful
MARVEL Whirling Spray
Th * new T «r»«»i *>yru«». lnitc-
ftjy.c^i^ t\(,naT.d£urtion. fcf«t— S»f-
i«l y«er <r»rrl»l for It. \. /£) -•?*^?~**^'
MABIKL, accept no Nl^f
ether, but urnd stamp tot S(t, # r *^%>\>
ll^jstratedbook-»r»I»4. Hri»«» .VS. # WjT
fall pa.rtacrJ»rs and direction* In- A/'/. / 'm
?Aiuable t>> ladies M A ItVIX tO.,*^/,, V
« l rm.rU. imi, Sew \*rU. **^"Jr
162 New Montgomery, Baa Francisco. Cal.
Wliilam Hatteroth (LAfllei* Depu), 224 Setter.
Union Drug Co.. 400 butter and 100 Stockton.
Oatrood Brothers... 7th aad Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy ..119 Ellis
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
¦ "> "" 1 - j£3& Never Too Late to Save Money
t^^SL. Then start to trade at the Price
V & f| jf jf| ffyfc &¦ H M ffi if Bf Ff^B^^J^^ - SIl_J «L J^~il^ji5k 55*23iPl York buyer enables us to put on
• «*f^titt<«» gf&jj&jtjhk sale 5°° gowns, no two alike; made
I y/y///j / - k yjf XT ATv.TC? K>?/"\lvl C*\/ t Ik t \//m tK nA/*Tmn> T *£PPKEfvufj?iK9c5sl*sk ot f^ e est mu5^ n an d cambric;
matm«Wk* tA ~ S M0NEV 1N YQUR P0CKET -^A ™3SS-;PSI>
KlJnBrW'"" Honest Goods at Honest Prices. 1 -^J^ =25,2-^-
rinA\\TitdilMtmMmMim °™^n ( No premiums, no prizes, no fakism. Full values for your money or jf\ "- ;c <&**&• °^ an(i cn^ *£{«
yUAL 1 1 1 tdSlmi |f I Wff ffl//m^^=--- - — ' your money back. Invariably you will find you get, more than that at C^y^) $i.oo'quaiiVy*"odd'an<i'end pri«
liSfsffl^ T5e Price Cutter's. • - C^< ti>c
> •> ' ''?, fif-gr — 1 ' |'|! [iwj i\\ijv If ! uWM ' ¦ $1.2; quality, odd and end price '
OUR. WAY For Stout Women. Ladies* Gloves. You'll Be Proud of Yourself %^'^^;^ "^i"^k ££
J: iiT! I ////// wMv^?^^^r^*^ " ' ' ~ U cre are some extra sized stock- Nowhere in 'Frisco can you buy As an economical shopper when $1.1O
l?v[V/v/y/raMtfi^^'"^T' Of doinff business is one vou'll in £ s ior you » made of fast black, these but here. The SOROSIS, you come and inspect some of these Many more not in the paper, but
l ? ™|/7/,7//.flSffl!™pJ// like There's no hesitation no Sen Island thread, with white soles; known for fit, finish and wearing um brellas. plenty in the store.
-J~£i^ : TOSWTO^ AU is action at T5i Price l f Ilc kind that will not burn your qualities. Made of French lamb- - Q3 UMBRELLAS, ladies' and v n ; TTrf j TJnripr^™
\l ±- v * ¦ C«fw/;TO»ffim$r CutteV's. We're here to satisfy you £ et ' extra wide and very -"elastic/ skin, stitched back; two patent , covered with Italian twill «V"*"Ca UliaCrwear.
*T \S f '//Hfflf in every way- in variety and wor- excuse for not having^ one of clasps; ,n brown, red, mode, tan. » • rainproof and Compare our pnees with others
v-. J*EbTvN 7 ///lfin 1 -V thiness of goods; in prices; in fair, the best stockings made' when you black and white; every pair stamped clo } n > wmen is rainpruoi auu o f t h e same quality and theii you
W^S^JjJ' ///VS : : ' upright treatment. Our record for <= an buy them for. .. ....A pair 35c . Sorosis on the buttons; fitted and stainless, steel rod and steel frame, find how reasonab i y we j^u.
Jg'ffiSS^^lh^ W '¦ over twenty years is one we're proud LADIES' HOSE— Made of all- warranted. Price ft.OO the kind that will not blow inside CHILDREN'S VESTS— Made of
« I I U t o( ' Come and see if it. is not. so. wool cashmere, stainless black; CHoveg cleaned by a Cry procen, 5c P* out; natural wood and sterling English thread, medium weight,
.Jt^^SS^] I ' ' elastic and velvet finish; a comfort H , .. * ct ir r 11 trimmed handles. Many designs to Swiss ribbed, high neck and long
— r^jmi' • ' giver for tender feet. Price. ..2«c . IlCrC S tnC LatCSt MOCK COliaT choose from Price ...7."5c sleeves; in gray and white. Pant3
I .^r.^ea^^rs^mmi \§t8 There IS NO Limit tO the n ,. . Tnwm AU t A ¦ and Tab. Sale sarram Basement |° m^ ch - French band and ankle
tei^ffiPJii Variety ol Dolls Don t Worry About Ovr • run Paris SS^i!^ .^a^SS^S
\™*P*' Ce < u U£^fflgm>^*MY That we can show you this week. n O SI^ry, lace, .with raised patterns in yine u "^ u .f , . n ¥ LADIES' VESTS— The cele-
1/bAVoreFflR.'-' Wlin Ml A commission merchant or im- For Quality, Fit and Wear There's f." d st^ effects. If you pay four. To those who need a Corset— brated Hazelton make, high neck
Cr/\tJAK*£t'~Z' Will W porter's samples, among which None Better. • times this price you could not get^ a Showroom samples, such as the and long sleeves; made of 70 per
tC(/nvMY^ M/ there are no two alike; from the Here are some children's/ made ncher collar than this for - " >c French P. D. Royal Worcester, cent wool; jersey, knit. Tights to
\(f' ' smallest that is made up to the of fast black Egyptian thread, dou- Stvlish Women Wear Neck a tla ' Majesty's and J. B.'s; all match, jersey fitting tops, ankle
size of a child. Here is one of the ble heels and toes; also double r / . *""*" " WUI llwvn> of this season's styles; also some length; in gray or white
ah • /* r „ nai h mai Vf : , , -, , -•,'/• ,'C • thread knees;all sizes.. A pair lOc LtiamS of the new shapes for 1905. Made ••;•; Lr;*-_v;;^V^o A ? armcn * 85c
All 01 OUT rail RlDDOnS IlaVC .With blonde hair, bisque head, ' Made of large and small gilt of embroidered batiste, fancy satin LADIES' VESTS— Made of pure
Arrived cyes that open and close : Queen Many New LaceS and New beads, highly polished, patent brocaded, also sateens. They are Vc S a Sllk « h| K h neck and lon »
» V „ . , Lillian bonnet, with Lady Leslie !)-;««* '.¦-,¦. clasps, real in looks, but not- in 'made of the best materials and sleeves, swiss ribbed Tights to
And a prettier collection you have wool jacket made of French flannel, r 1^** pr j ce , p r ice «5c boned with whalebone also some match, same quality as above, jersey
never seen. with deep sailor collar; silk finished To • Please You Here This Week. with aluminoid If you are one of the fitting tops, ankle length; in pink,
ALL SILK PLAID RIBBON for dress; also shoes and stockings; 12 VALENCIENNESLACE— From 0! What Avail Are LOW PriCCS lucky ones or if we have your size, blue, cream and black. Price....
£:i?a;K p n 4 h r..!?? g :.. 5O ?.. quam r:.. sa .^ ™«« Q«*y ? h . . %i$lMg^M "LAbiEsVcblifJNl 4 /^
imported kind. \ ou know how __^____^^_________ pearl edge A piece of 12 vards IIere IS a Ladjcs short petticoat, SUIT— High neck and long sleeves,
silky they look. Width No. 7 • t - or ° " * . . . lOc »n?de of colored striped flannelette, ankle length: the Oneita make; the
]<>c a yard WtimffiggSft f\rtf* HrkI tf Tnvcunx T "\ ' r\? " VtViV 1 t ril "»»«l with a deep hemmed *9SBS ! &5m f\nr% Hnni* kind that buttons across ths shoul-
• , WVEH U " C " 0Ur Trl^htiS^ tv; '~7 1 flounce and yoke of heavy cambric. §^^ llOlir ders: ~ v \ Australian wool or the
Another Pretty Ribbon. |f ftPi w "£l ma«S different oattcrnsfo PHce X ' V Wmm .unshriSaWe kind; medinm weight;
Made |O f extra, heavy silk taffeta, J/M W MIC... SI^?"i; iifS"r e^^PriS FUe YOUT Claim for Some Of f/Wli extra low is the price for thg
3^ inches wide, in flower and Dolly Yf U'l From nine to for Monday only A yard 2c t, " g 10 }L J? .. B ' 50me 0I ,^/ K -J B e t w e e n the garment $1.00
\arden effects; also double row ot ajBBMBaifl ten we will put on , u , OV FR f AfF OR MFT ltieSC lianaKerchlCIS. WBBSS&m hour s of ten and v v , . .. T^ trtrt r,,** »
satin edge. For sash, millinery or gaaMaaiagga sale some HAND r AL ' UVLI< L^ Lb UK Nlil— n^vnLTPrn.rrc MgffWSWWgJ eleven o - c i oc ], , ve YOU Vote IOr the PTICe LUttCr
WMM$MiiM*ilB mmszjBMmmB s LADIES . l^r^^t^, '««¦ v^ues.
Scy fi Cra SS r ° f raL. b^ h™d^ %$£. «* '" «"»• ««»^ narrow hems.UCed. fuUsUcs ZT S^TS^iS^X
Blbboa B.w. Tt«l Pt« »7 Expert.. beautiful colored paintings on " llltc - ' ncc A yard ...e "7. .25c the openwork lace effects, per- *™.i ™.,,h. furthest
By Every Day's Express t Sg^ Have You All Your Winter (£'."^'£5!'^! 12^C "Wes- jacket. ' of
i aAv vi T-n^n %\ the price we ask. rnce yjn If not, here's one. Priced low and elaborately embroidered. some Little ItCmS at Little PriCCS. satin bound, buttoned with military
» n !r;^ior aiT «;it "ft'h very chic. Made of Scotch flannel, slightly imperfect— that is, a loose tape measures— 60 inches long, frogs; the entire edge finished with
Tan'Sc fcattritiihinK 'aho'a HATP.BB- no r ,ice d able rC with d .hc he n r a e ked U ev h e a 1oc " »~^™»$3S3Kif&- If- crochet pearl pattern. Price.. ?1.1=
hand made bmtonhole a. each end i^\g0&B$$$£ ilSTmiKu^ 1 bacl ta"gray! ™!S "q^ On sale"! 'o'uV ba°r- Ladies' BdtS.
tor tying ribbon or Windsor ties tra strong steel pin. Price 4 for.. Tic green and tan.* Price. »Sc gain tables l-5^« SArETT PIWS— Nickel plated, also You would euess they are worth
through. In white, pink, blue and b /2 black; in large or small sizes VlOUl . a 8 u e ss inev arc w °" a
I black. Price.... .il.">e dbess shield— dressing or hair comb— X.ADIES' hose supporters -I A dozen 3c a higher price when you see them.
Nainsook covered, vegetable lined. Made of unbreakable rubber, with The kind that attach to the cor- PEARX. BUTTONS — Clear white; Made of extra heavy grosgram, in a
r.-o T_ odorless and washable; full size highly polished teeth; the kind that sets. Made of fancy frilled lisle elas- the good heavy kind, with three and soft effect • full «? inches wide; with
CUme *" • ..ApalrJSc will not scratch or pull your hair; full tic; double button clasps; in pink, blue four holes. Price A dozen 5 C , -irln min mptal hurtle in a trian.
And Step into one Of our EIDER- , i . 8 inches Ion,. Priee l| c and blaek. Price A pair lOe \ 1^%^^ b^ OX lSu.
DOWN KOBLb, and we know you I Afi° nAflFlinrnfl SHELt haibpins— scissors— Q AF 3 nftAPSkinp^A Price 23c
will want to take it home with you. IrIs 8<Bi^rE-EyE4l"lli Made of real tortone, 3 inches long; 7, 8 and 9 inches long; made of Ger- HBOa UlPvLSyOLPI" "
Made of all wool ripple cloth, deep B S I B* II UU L II U LBl 13 in i}^-f ir^Ut and crinkled kind; In man steel with different shaped han- §¦ II 003 l« Ml 88 II A TIME-SAVER MENDING TIS-
<;ai1nr rnllar with crochet etWe- ¦BaaB ¦¦*# *^ »¦¦»¦#¦¦¦ 1 %» amber, tortoise and black. Price..,.. dies; the kind that can be sharpened ¦Blflfl HWWlillULlIU SUE — For repairing or hemming la-
UUL THE PR.CE CUTTER • • . . -A dozen lOc and wil, C u, Price UUL THE PRICE CUTTER *SB?.?*
long cord with tassel to belt at the 0 e .. , . _. ,, n ,_ „ p DARNING COTTON — TOOTH BRUSHES — .- A package 5c
waist The good fitting kind, gen- Olu MaiTO it. II U harreil St. . Ma< J e " f . sl nsle and double twisted Finely polished horn handles, with 816 Market St. II 0'FarFell St. WAX— Superfine quality: for smooth-
rrnnslv maHe- in nink hlne red »ht^W«« sn 'rTHT^m thread. AV omen who have used it clear white sanitary hog bristles, put ing the Iron or other purposes; finished
crou?J> made, m pink, wuc, rea MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. recommend it to their friends; in . in by Ray's patent to keep them from MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. with a wooden handle; cloth bound,
and gray, rncc Jp.s.ou v -* all the new shades. Price. 3 for. .'.*>« falling out. Price 15c v ' J Price 3 for 5c
ADVEIlTISEMEyTS.
1 fitiiiy i up-to^A^k
The above cuts represent beds selected from
two carloads just received. They combine a hand-
some bookcase with leaded glass doors, cabinet
writing desk, etc., the contents of which are not
interfered with in the least when bed is opened.
Quarter-sawed oak, French bevel plate mirrors, high
polish finish, cable supported springs. Our house
has always undersold others, as we are the only
furniture store in this city that has no rent to pay.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET £S£! ,
GRAPE-XPTS.
A Nice
Little Dishof .
Grapie-Nuts
and Cream.
Toothsome
and Delicious.
Look In each pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Road to Wellvllle."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Q Necklaces \$-
of Fine
Oriental
Pearls
• . _ . '
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and
Silversmiths - I
r* 104-110 Geary Street V^\Would Change Xanie of Avenue.
ALLEGES DESKRTIOX.— Oakland. Nov. A.
Suit for divorce was begun this afternoon by
Mrs. Lillie Remillard against Frank Remillard
on the ground of desertion. They were mar
ried in Oakland. July 10, 1S93. There is one
child, Edward. 7 years of age, of. whom the
mother ask •> the custody.
The Trans-Siberian Railway has at
no time since ifr was opened -been able
to handle all the freight offered It. Not
being standard gauge, rolling stock
ready made cannot be bought in other
countries. Its mileage is 1 about the
same as that of the Pennsylvania sys
tem.
BERKELEY, Nov. 5. — Citizens of
Berkeley have informally protested to
officials of the Oakland Traction Com
pany against the use of closed cars on
the* Telegraph-avenue line/ which is
the principal thoroughfare Into Oak
land. The cars probably will be trans
ferred to the San Pablo line In defer
ence to the protests, as men from the
latter line are now being taught how
to use the air brakes that are a fea
ture of the. closed cars.
Object to Closed Cars.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5. — Arrangements
are now complete for the grand an
nual masquerade ball of California
Lodge No. 2. Order of Hermann Sons,
which takes place at Germania Hall
on Saturday evening, November 12.
The committee of arrangements has
secured a large number of costume
and door prizes, and as the members
of the lodse are vying with one an
other in the disposal of tickets, the
affair should be one of the most suc
cessful events of the season.
The members of the committee in
charge of the affair are:
' A. Engelhard t, chairman; D. Vogt,
treasurer; J. Tillmann, secretary; C.
Will, G. Bode. A. Grimm, H. Mohr
and A. Springer.
Every son and husband 13 thinking
It Is about time for some of the fruit
to appear on the table which was put
up during the fruit season.
HERMANN SONS TO GIVE
-ANNUAL MASQUERADE BALL
Praying lips cannot square up for
profane living.
"Poker, even along the old lines of
'a gentleman's game,' "• writes O. Z.
Newmeyer of Chicago, "never paid in
the nature of the play. Just as soon
as it might have paid just that soon it
would have lost its claim to gentility.
In the old gambling-house where rou
lette and faro paid their certain per
centages 'to the house' only the unin
itiated patron sought these places to
recoup his fortune. Gambling un
questionably does not pay. Even
where the question is asked as to the
profits of the bookmaker or the faro
dealer the same statement holds good.
'Easy money' is double winged. In
mast cases the man who drops a doK
lar bill but of his pocket is luckier
than the man who finds it. In the
one case the loser may pinch and
save In a dozen ways until he has
made more than good his loss;- on
the other hand, the finder, flushed by
.his good fortune, may bo tempted to
squander $5 in appreciation of his
'luqk.* A few months ago one of the
most noted gamblers in America went
, through the bankruptcy courts with
his chief listed asset a pipe. Gambling
does not pay."— New " York Commer
cial.
Gambling: Doesn't Pay.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5. — An order re
straining the Cooks' and Waiters'
Union from maintaining pickets in
front'of the Cottage restaurant at 473
Tenth street was made by Judge Mel
vin this morning on complaint of P.
J. and Julia P. Martina, who claim
that the pickets are seriously injuring
their business. The hearing for a per
manent injunction will be heard on
November 18.
Restrains Cooks and Waiters.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5.—^The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-da^: Robert E. Ter
williger, 22, and Sarah A. Midgley,
20, both of San Francisco; Harry W.
Herrick, 44, and Edith V. Howard, 24,
both of Oakland; William H. Stombs,
over 21, and Anna E. Westermann,
over 18, both of Oakland; Carl M.
Sorensen, 23, and Mary A. Lawrence,
19, both, of Haywards; Edward B.
Gilson, over -21., San Francisco, and
Emma S. Davies, over 18, Berkeley:
Vivian C. Sears, .42, and Martha J.
Lundy, 55, both of San Francisco;
John W. Wesendund. over 21, San
Francisco, and Katie I. Fahy, over 18,
Menlo Park; Frank. G. de Lancey, 24,
and Alma B.- Schweicler, 22, both of
Oakland; Edward M. Armstrong. 19.
Oakland, and Enos Ablgren, over 18,
Berkeley, Fred G. Bartlett, over 21,
and Elizabeth S. Vizelich, over 18,
both of Stockton; William E. Pimen
tal, over 21, and Vera W. Hose, over
18, both of Hay wards;' Frank. E. Da
vis, 24, and Margaret Kelley, 23. both
of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
Inspect our new brick warehouse, ready to re
ceive household goods exclusively Nov. 1. Only
brick warehouse In city. Bekir.s Van & Storage
Co., 1016 Broadway. Oakland. Tel. Main 007.*
The Coroner has set the inquest in
Hall's case for Monday evening at 7
o'clock.
An examination of Hall's body
shows that death must have been in
stantaneous. The deadly current en
tered the neck at the base of the
brain, and probably the unfortunate
painter hardly felt the shock. The
wires which caused his death were
primary feeders for incandescent
lights and carried 2000 volts.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5. — Broken
hearted over the sudden and terrible
death of their son, the parents of Hi
ram H. Hall, the young pole painter,
who was electrocuted yesterday while
at work for th*» Oakland Gas. Light
and Heat Company, have ordered the
body sent to Santa Cruz to be laid to
rest near the home of his childhood.
Benson W. Hall, the father of the un
fortunate painter, is a well-to-do
rancher living near Santa Cruz.
Neither he nor his wife knew of the
death of their son until the news was
broken to them by Theodore Hall, a
brother, who was working with Hiram
•when death came so suddenly. The
parents at first could not realize that
the boy who had left home only two
weeks before had been stricken by
death.
NEWS OF SON'S DEATH
BRINGS GRIEF TO PARENTS
The superior jury has arbitrarily
awarded medals to some of the State
buildings. The California commission
was surprised to learn that ltj struc
ture had been given a siliver medal.
A silver medal was given the magnifi
cent Missouri building. California
doesn't care as long as Its products
are well recognized, but Missouri is
making a great commotion, and one
would judge with Justice, noting the
grandeur of Its building, which Is one
of the several family rows expected
during the closing days of the exposi
tion.
California exhibitors are chafing
over the delay in issuing an official
list of awards. There is nearly a
month of the fair left and the exhibi
tors wish to hang banners over the
prize winning articles to let the world
know that the merits of these articles
made them worthy of prizes. The
awards were about to be officially an
nounced by the exposition officers,
without regard to the national com
mission, when that body mildly re
marked that it would like to know
what was doing, as a matter .of cour
tesy, if nothing else. It has had all
the awards in its keeping for some
time and has been very dilatory in
the matter of giving them out finally.
Most of the protests .made by Cali
fornia visitors will be heeded and sev
eral of the awards made will be raised,
adding more gold medals to Califor
nia's list. There will be no reduction,
as far as known, so all grand prizes
and gold medals awarded to California
will probably stand.
SLOW JURY OF AWARDS.
"Here are some of our best ban
anas," said Governor Brady, holding
up sheaves of barley. From a market
basket he took large specimens of
vegetables and said there was a vast
acreage in Alaska capable of produc
ing these and the cereals shown.
tural development of Alaska and the
millions of consumers of flour iri China
and the rest of the Orient- All that is
necessary is to create a demand for
American flour, among the yellow
hordes, he said. If each one of them
consumed a half barrel of flour a year
the result could easily be foreseen. He
pictured Sitka as a great commercial
city, driving a thriving trade with the
Far East, and said the Government
should pay attention to its harbor.
OAKLAND. Nov. 5. — The mem
bers of Court Oakland No. 46. For
esters of America, will give a prize
whist tournament at Pythian Hall on
Wednesday evening. November 9.
Play will begin at 8:30 p. m. The
committee in charge of the affair ha3
offered eleven elegant prizes, to be
awarded to the players who make the
highest scores.
Foresters' Whist Tournament.
Frankenstein lives at 516 Fifth
street, and a few months ago married
a girl of 1C. He is twice her age.
Within the last few days she began
an action alleging that he had locked
her out of the house and refused to
eupport h*r.
He appeared before Judge Melvln
to-day and obtained .a modification
of a restraining order keeplns him
from withdrawing $200 he had in
bank. He said that this was his
working capital, and If he was kept
from using the money he would have
to so out of business. The order
prayed for was made, and he will be
allowed to use the .money until the
time comes for him to make an ac
counting in court.
OAKLAND, November 5. — The fact
that he saw a man hurriedly leaving
his home by a rear window it is
stated by Louis Frankenstein to be
the real cause of discord between
himself and his wife, who is suing
him for non-support. She says it was
her cousin, and Frankenstein has told
her to produce him. The stranger left
In such a hurry that he left his hat,
anfl Frankenstein says that he wants
to fit It on the "cousin."
Incident Causes an Unpleasantness
Between Husband and Wife, as
Matter Is Unexplained.
SEES MAX DISAPPEAR
THROUGH REAR WINDOW
-Master Tom Wogan gave a "stag
party" to fourteen of his young friends
on Friday evening, the day being his
thirteenth birthday. Getting into one's
teens is almost as important as reach
ing one's majority, and the prepara
tions for celebrating so momentous an
occasion were quite up. to' the mark.
The lads enjoyed all sorts of games
and also the birthday feast, that was
all that a boy's heart could desire.
Prizes in the different game contests
were awarded, the lucky ones being
Dick McC'lure, Edward Martin, Donald
McClure and James Barrett., Master
Hogan's guests included Arthur Gould,
James Barrett, Donald McClure, Paul
Barrett, Arthur Cunningham, Dick
McClure. -Willie West, Gustave Beck
ert, Fillmore Adams, Herbert Beck
ert, Edward Martin, ' Granville Mar
tin, Richard Hammond and Justin Mc-
Carthy.
Under the silver bell beneath which
they piighted their troth fifty years
ago, Mr. and Mrs. William Sayer Snook
stood to-day at the close of a half
century of wedded life and received
the felicitations of relatives and
friends. Their children and grand
children were there and helped to re
ceive th"e score3 of. guests who throng
ed the prettily decorated rooms to lav
ish not only golden wishes but precious
gifts upon the happy pair. Four sons
and four daughters have blessed the
wedded life of Mr. and Mrs. Snook,
one of them being Charles S. Snook,
the university Board of Regents' legal
adviser. The daughters-in-law and
daughters who assisted their mother
in receiving to-day were: Mrs. O. M.
Tupper, Mrs. E. W. Williams, Mrs. E.
L.,Wemple, Miss Snook, Mrs. G. W.
Snook, Mrs. F. W. Snook, J. A. Snook,
Mrs. C. E. Snook, Miss Helen Tapper
and Miss Mildred Snook.
On the evening of the same day : the
Merriman residence on Hillside ave
nue will be the scene of a large recep
tion planned by Mrs. Harry Thomas
in honor of the golden wedding anni
versary of her parents, Dr. and Mrs.
A. F. Merriman; and on Tuesday will
l>e the Kleiman reception and the
Ebell luncheon — also important social
events.
Wednesday will bring another lunch
eon for Miss Kendall and her bridal
party, given by her mother, Mrs. F. I.
Kendall, and . Miss Florinne Brown's
luncheon to Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf.
The East Oakland Kindergarten "at
home" and the Oliver dinner, where
Miss Kendall will again be the honor
ed guest, will occupy the attention of
the smart set Thursday. With various
smaller affairs tucked in between those
already mentioned, the coming week
promises to be a strenuous one for so
ciety's devotees.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5. — There Is scarce
ly a cranny in which another social
event could find a resting place In the
maze of functions scheduled for the
next two weeks. Such a busy fort
night it will be! And dainty Isabelle
Kendall, whose wedding day is fast
approaching, is responsible for much
of the activity. In the smart set, for
few brides-to-be have been more feted
and entertained.
On Monday next Miss Clarisse Lohse
starts the ball rolling with what prom
ises to be the jolliest kind of an af
fair at the Piedmont Club house. On
this occasion Miss Kendall will share
the honors with Miss Hopps of Georgia,
and the little teahouse in the park will
be the scene of a luncheon for the host
ess and a dozen bonnie maids.
The production of "The Star of
Bethlehem," an arrangement of the
old English miracle play made by Pro
fessor C. M. Gayley, Is to be made on
November 16 by the Ben Greet com
pany of players. The company is to
come to the university soon to re
hearse the play.
The cast for the curtain-raiser for
the junior farce has been announced.
"Some Idiots — and Others" will be
produced by the following juniors:
Frank Somers, Stuart Chisholm; Fred
Wilson. Lawrence J. Kennedy; Billy
Leighton, Edwin Rust; Daisy Winter,
Gladys Meyer; Kitty, Bertlne Wollen
berg. Myron Ware received the prize
for the best poster, A. B. Titus for the
programme cover.
Every rooters' ticket to the big foot
ball game has been sold, the last pre
cious pasteboard going this morning.
Colonel Edwards predicts that every
seat on the bleachers of the new field
will be occupied on November 12.
The fourth semi-annual banquet of
the civil engineers who are or have^
been associated with the university is
to be held at the Occidental Hotel in
San Francisco to-morrow night.
J. A. Donahoe has given $50 to the
university as a contribution to the
fund for the publication of the re
markable photographs of nebulae ob
tained by the late Director Keeler of
the Lick Observatory-
Marian Morrow, a "member of the
junior class, fell from her horse at
Durant'and Telegraph avenues last
night, sustaining minor injuries. She
was taken to the Kappa Kappa
Gamma Sororiety, of which she is a
member, and later was removed to
her home in Oakland.
Professor L. J. Demeter of the Ger
man department Is organizing a quar
tet from the student Deutscher Verein
that will render songs in German.
Freshmen gun lists are being made
out at the armory and the men are to
be given their guns at the drill next
Monday. The armorer reports that
the military department is about 200
guns short and that it will be neces
sary to send a requisition to the War
Department for the weapons.
A new road, 230 feet in length, is
being constructed on the campus, lead
ing from the main road to the agri
cultural building. The road will be
macadamized.
BERKELEY, Nov. 5. — The Women's
Mandolin and Guitar Club of the uni
versity is to provide the half hour of
music In the Greek Theater on Sun
day afternoon. A. W. Black will di
rect the club. Songs will be given by
Miss True Aiken. Following is the
programme: Traumertin's Mandolin
and Guitar Club (Schumann); "Aeolin
Harp Sounds" (Pomeroy); two songs,
(a) "I Know Not Why" (Bingham),
(b) "Ah! 'Tis a Dream" '(Hawley),
Miss Allen', with cello obligato by .Mr.
Henry and accompaniment by Miss
Fouldes; "A New Flower Song (To
bani); •"Nearer, My God, to Thee."
Cottage No. 10, the most dilapidated
building on the campus, is being torn
down. It was known as Recessa Sana
torium and has been in disuse for
some time, an eyesore to all.
The subject of the James Bryce his
torical prize essay contest has been
announced. It is "The Making of the
Treaty of Guadaloupe Hidalgo on Feb
ruary 2, 1848." The committee in
charge includes Professor Bernard
Moses, Professor H. Morse Stephens
and Hon. James Bryce. Mr. Bryce
will act as final examiner of the es
says.
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
SOCIETY IS BUSY.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Among the special addresses to the
congress was one on Alaska by Gov
ernor Brady. It proved of great in
terest to the delegates and will result
in many of them looking more deeply
into the possibilities of the Immense
peninsula. -*
"Governor Brady is here with his
fruits and flowers and bananas," said
President Kerens facetiously, "and will
tell you all about Alaska."
The Alaskan chief executive drew
for his hearers a dream of empire that
created some smiles then, but may be
prophetic. He talked of the agricul-
POSSIBILITIES OF ALASKA.
"If this congress is to further the am
bitions of the Mississippi Valley only,"
was the cry of the Californians, "let it
be called the Mississippi Valley Con
gress, and the Pacific Coast will drop
out."
The Pacific Coast stayed in, though,
and it carried every demand agreed
upon by its delegation.
An effort was made on the floor of
the .congress by Delegate Fletcher to
have H. D. Wood, secretary of the~San
Diego Chamber of Commerce, indorsed
by the congress as a special represen
tative at Washington in the fight for
the naval station. Judge Gresham of
Texas opposed this, saying that *he
committee of five sent by the Trans-
Mississippi Congress to Washington
would see to the furthering of all the
projects indorsed by the congress and
that that body should not weaken its
influence by scattering and standing
behind sectional representatives. De
bate was cut off through an agree
ment that Wood should be a member
of the committee of five.
San Diego Is anxious to secure the
naval station. San Francisco will sup
port the southern city.
When the coast men began putting In
their resolutions favoring added coast
defenses at points along the whole line
from the north end of Washington to
the south end of California, the prose
cution of the improvement of Oakland
and San Pedro harbors, the creation of
a Secretary of Mines, the further im
provement of the San Joaquin and Sac
ramento rivers, the setting aside of a
section of virgin forest on the Eel River
as a park, the changing of the home
stead laws applicable to Alaska so 320
acres could be taken up there by each
homesteader under certain conditions,
the making of a sectional survey, of
Alaska and the establishment of a
naval station at or near San Diego, the
other delegates listened in wonder.
They were being awakened to the fact
that the Pacific Coast, with its great
metropolis by the Golden Gate and its
other big city at the south, cut a big
national figure, and that the Missis
sippi Valley was not the only section
on the map.
SAX DIEGO GETS PLACE^
There seemed to be an Impression on
the part of the members not from the
coast that the only thing worthy of
consideration was the Mississippi Val
ley, and a desire was shown to bring
but two projects prominently to the
front — that of deepening the Mississippi,
maintaining its free navigability from
St. Louis to Minneapolis and otherwise
improving it, and that of -improving the
harbor at Galveston. The Californians
soon saw that the delegates from east
cf the Pacific Coast wished to subor
dinate everything else to these two
propositions, that they might be placed
before the national Congress with more
prominence.
COAST IS HEARD FROM.
The congress, composed of leading
men from every part of the West, is
pledged to support these resolutions
with its committee at Washington and
to use every honorable means to have
the Congress of the United States leg
islate the suggestions contained in
them into actualities.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILDING,
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 5.— The recognition
received by the Pacific Coast at the ses
sion of the Trans-Mississippi Congress
just closed was not obtained without
hard work on the part of active Cali
fornians here. The congress was forced
to recognize the greatness of the Pa
cific Coast and the imperativeness of its
needs by such men as Frank J. Symmes,
A. Sbarboro, General N. .P. Chipman,
A. G. Booth, Rufus P. Jennings, Fred
L. Koster, John G. Brady, H. D. Love
land, J. A. Filcher, W. H. Weilbye, Ed
Fletcher and others, who succeeded
after some struggle in securing the
adoption of every Pacific Coast resolu
tion offered.
BY PAUL' EDWARDS.
In the new building will be Profes
eor Charles Woodward, head of the
entomolijrical work; Warren T.Clarke,
assistant superintendent of farmers*
Institutes, and Henry S. Quayle, who
will all move from the Agricultural
building.
Scientific war against mosquitoes will
be waged by the entomological depart
ment of the university when Its new
building is erected and the desired ap
paratus and other equipment 13 pro
vided. The Regents have practically
agreed to spend $5000 for the erection of
a temporary building for this depart
ment, which will relieve the over
crowded agricultural building.
The new building will be situated be
tween the Spreckels physiological labo
ratory anfl the present agricultural
building, and will resemble the latter In
design. It will be perfectly equipped
to carry the investigation of insect
pests.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 5.
"In open convention Cronin gave his
solemn pledge that he was in the fight
to win; that he would not withdraw
from the ticket, but would steadfastly
continue as a candidate until election
day, all in accordance with the ex
pressed wishes of the delegates com
posing said convention to the effect that
Democrats should be nominated for of
fice whenever possible. Notwithstand
ing his pledge, said Cronin withdrew
from the ticket at the last moment,
when it was too late for the Democratic
County Committee to fill the vacancy.
The withdrawal of Cronin under the
circumstances has given rise to all sorts
of rumor, the most persistent of which
is to the effect that said withdrawal of
Cronin was the result of connivance
with and in the interest of said Fitz
gerald.
"This letter is written for the pur
pose of advising the Democratic voter3
of said Supervisorial district of said
Cronin's conduct in the premises, so
that Democrat's generally will know
that the county committee is not a par
ty to any understanding between Fitz
gerald and Cronin or the friends of
either, and to the end that the Demo
cratic voters at said Fifth Supervisorial
District may draw their own conclu
sions from the facts herein set forth
and cast their ballots on Nevember 8
as their consciences shall dictate."
John Mitchell, the Republican nomi
nee for re-election to the position of
Supervisor of the Fifth District, has
addressed a circular letter to his con
stituents, I in which he replies to the
anonymous literature that has, been
spread abroad attacking his political
record. Mitchell affirms that the "cir
culars are a tissue of misrepresenta
tions where they are not downright
falsehoods," and that they emanated
from one man, Stuart McMullan. Con
tinuing Mitchell asserts:
"Stuart McMullan is the son-in-law
of a candidate for Supervisor in tho
Fourth District in opposition to my
colleague, H. D. Rowe. He is the same
Stuart McMullan whose claim for $20,
000 for commissions on property he is
alleged to have pointed out for assess
ment was unanimously rejected by the
board, which claim he still- hopes to
collect. The present members of the
Board of Supervisors are a bar to the
collection of this preposterous claim.- I
invite candid examination of my of
ficial acts and am willing to abide the
judgment of my fellow citizens who
will take the trouble to ascertain, the
facts, but I protest against being
judged by the false and malicious state,
ments circulated anonymously by a
man whose grievance is that the board
kept his unclean hands out of the treas-
A. F. St. Sure, vice chairman, and I.
J. Muma, secretary of the Democratic
County Central Committee, have issued
an open letter in which they charge D.
W." Cronin, their party's nominee for
Supervisor in the Fifth District, with
breaking the pledge he made when he
was named as candidate for the place
by withdrawing from the contest at the
eleventh hour, when it was too late for
the County Central Committee to fill
the vacancy. St. Sure and Muma im
ply that Cronin's retirement was the
result of connivance with George Fitz
gerald, an independent aspirant to trfe
office. Following is' a portion of the
letter:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' 1016 Broadway, Nov. 5.
"Should crosses be stamped in the
circles at the head of two different par
ty tickets the ballot so marked would
be void."
"Should a candidate be the nominee
of two different parties and a cross be
stamped after his name in the circle of
both parties the ballot so marked should
be counted as one vote for that candi
date.
"Should crosses be stamped after the
names of two candidates for the same
office, where but one candidate was to
be elected, the ballot so marked could
not be counted as a vote for either of
the candidates for that office, but oth
erwise the ballot should be counted as
marked.
County Clerk Cook has also sent out
printed circulars containing instructions
to voters for their guidance in marking
their ballots and extracts from the Po
litical Code relative to voting. A circu
lar letter has been sent to each voter
notifying him that his name appeared
oji the . Great Register of Alameda
County and calling his attention to the
inclosed instructions and*card.
As . a final measure of precaution
against mistakes by voters in marking
their ballots the County Clerk has is
sued the following general instructions:
"A straight ticket may be marked in
two ways, either by stamping a cross
in the circle at the head of the party
ticket or by stamping a cross after the
name of each individual on the ticket.
"In case a voter wishes to vote for
one of the ten, Republican Presidential
Electors and one Democratic Elector he
should vote for each of the ten indi
vidual Electors by stamping a cross
after the name of each of the nine Re
publican' Electors and one Democratic
Elector. Should he stamp a cross in
the circle at the head of the Republican
ticket and then stamp a cross after the
name of one Democratic Elector, the
ballot could only - be counted for the
single Democratic Elector, as the elec
tion officers would be unable to deter
mine from the ballot so marked which
of the Republican Electors the voter
intended to scratch. It would also be
impossible to determine which Elector
he had intended to vote for with the
exception of the Democrat after whose
name the cross was stamped.
"Two crosses stamped after the same
of a nominee could not be considered as
a distinguishing mark, as the theory
and intent of the present law is that
marks of identification can only be
made with something, other than the
voting stamp. A ballot marked with
two crosses afler the name of any
nominee would not be void and would
have to be counted as a vote for that
candidate.
County Clerk John P. Cook has com
pleted the work of sending out sample
ballots to .voters registered for the
Presidential and county election, and in
addition to the ballots he has furnished
all possible information to facilitate the
work of the election boards. Each voter
has received from the County Clerk a
card on which Is printed the number
of the ward and precinct and the loca
tion of the polling place at which the
voter must cast his ballot. Voters are
requested to take these cards with them
to the polling places and to hand them
to the election officers at the time they
record their names. ./•/•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 5.
The City Trustees will be guided by
the resolution of the Board of Health,
and as the Litter body has declared
against the hauling of Oakland gar
tage Into Alameda it is probable that
the Trustees will revoke the local
wagon licenses of nearly fifty Oak
land scavengers.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 5. — Action will soon
be taken by the City Trustees to pre
vent the hauling of Oakland garbage
into this city and the dumping of the
wnste and filth along the Bay Farm
Island road. Several protests have been
filed with the Trustees against the
carting of outside garbage through the
local Jthoroughfares, and the Board of
Health, after Investigating the mat
ter, adopted the following resolution,
which has been transmitted to the City
Trustees and which will be read at the
meeting on Monday night:
"Resolved, That the carting of Oak
land garbage through the public streets
cf Alamed.i and the dumping of said
garbage within the city's limits is un
sanitary and "a menace to the public
health.
""We therefore recommend that the
carting of Oakland garbage through
our public streets and the dumping of
Oakland garbage within the city's lim
its be Immediately stopped, Inasmuch
as the children of Bay Farm Island,
going to and from school, must daily
travel through swarms and swarms of
poisonous flies that Infest the putrid
dumps along the Bay Farm Island
road, thereby endangering the chil
dren's 'health and the general health
as well."
After a trial Angelus was acquitted
and he enlisted in the naVy and went
aboard, the Iowa. The money, how
ever, that had been borrowed on the
home was soon to become due. A few
days ago the lad's term of enlistment
was up and when he drew his pay he
had saved enough to pay the debt of
$250 with interest. He says that he
will remain at home with his sisters
until the longing for a life at sea
moves him to re-enlist.
Soares said that he was shot as he
was going in at the gate. He said that
he recognized the masquerade and was
about to leave when he was hit in
the side with a bullet. The boy said
that the old man was bothering his
sister and would not desist.
Minnie Angelus -who shot him, but the
boy confessed that it was he who
did It.
Supervisor John Mitchell
Issues Reply to Slanders
Concerning His Record
Mission Building at Fair
Draws Only Silver 31edai
to the Surprise of All
Cards Are Issued Specify
ing Ward, Precinct and
Location of Polling Place
Adopts Resolution Against
Carting of Foul Waste
Through the Public Streets
Soares was 62 years of age and the
father of a family. He lived not far
for Angelus and his two sisters. He
tried to get Minnie Angelus to marry
him. One day young Angelus told the
old man his sister wanted to see him
and that evening when he called John
received his sister's suitor dressed in
her clothes. In making a dying ctate
merrt the old man said that it was
OAKLAND. Nov. 5.— With the sav
ings of four years of 'work J. J. An
gelus, a sailor boy from the battleship
Iowa, appeared at the County Record
er's office this morning' with Attorney
P. J. Crosby and lifted a mortgraBre off a
strip of land he calls home near Cen
terville. The .money was borrowed to
employ attorneys to defend him
against a charge of having killed old
man John Soares In defense of his
sister in 1900.
Scientists Will Make Syste
matic Effort to Find
3Ieans of Extermination
WILL USE NEW BUILDING
J.J. Jingelus Who Shot John Soares
Back From Cruise on Warship Iowa
LETTER EXPOSING HIM
GUARDS AGAINST ERRORS
FIGHT FOE RECOGNITION
HEALTH BOARD ASSISTS
Sailor Boy Returns to Lift Mortgage
Entomological Department
of the University to Wage
War Against the Insect
Democratic Coiinty Central
Committee Avers Nominee
Has Broken His Pledge
Alani^da City Trustees to
Stop Oakland Scavengers
Hauling Into the Town
Trans - Mississippi Congress
Pledged to Aid Important
Projects in California
County Clerk John P. Cook
Prepares Information for
the Guidance of • Voters
PLAN TO FIGHT
MOSQUITO PEST
EXPLAINS USE
OF THE BALLOT
SAYS CRONIN
IS A QUITTER
STATE'S CAUSE
WELL BACKED
SAVES HOME WITH MONEY
EARNED AT SEA.
WILL OPPOSE
GARBAGE MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, -...-NOVEMBER 0. 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
New Dramatic Club Formed.
BERKELEY, Nov. 5. — Fifty "prom
inent students organized a new Uni
versity Dramatic Club in North Hall
this morning under the direction of
Professor William D. Armes of the
English department. A committee of
nine .was appointed to prepare a con
stitution and by-laws, which will be
passed, upon at a second meeting next
Friday morning.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 5. — Residents
along Railroad avenue have inaugu
rated a n^vement to have the City
Trudtee? change the name .of Rail
road avenue to Lincoln avenue. The
thoroughfare is known by the latter
title east of Park street, and it is
proposed to have the avenue so des
ignated ¦ to its western extremity.
The matter will. be brought' to the at
tention of the City, Trustees next
Monday night.
34
¦ A^5Ji4jfeJ^ E3 Every woman covet* &
loss of thcir'girlisb forms
Wi$!tkJ$ \*ff&*. jt&Vt* after marriage. The bearing
, ¦ All of this can be avoided!
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tha
use of this Wonderful
book , telling all about m^^n
this linimsnt, will be sent free. J^"™ 'jsgfa J5^rjpwfc ma^% &!
Ite BraM Regular Co., Attak Gl HT Sm^BsB^g
A P VERTISEMEXTS.
5 Ci-L^BRATrn %9
Women who suffer every
month from Irregularities,
Backache, Cramps, Ner-
vous Headache, Insom-
nia, Poor Appetite, Indi-
gestion and Dyspepsia
ought to try the Bitters. It
will do you a world of good.
Thousands of women have
found this true. Try a bot-
tle to-day and see for your-
self. At all druggists.
WASTED — At once, names of every per-
son in California who will organize and dis-
tribute printed matfr to repeal the State
compulsory vaccination law; wrlt« now and
f »nd any Caudal aid. E. C. CAMPBELL,
eecrctary of Ami-Compulsory Vaccination
- Ixerue 21M Aenby ave., Berkeley, Cal.
2 ADVERTISEMENTS.
•'I Trrlte to let you know ho-w I appreciate your
Casc&rets. I commenced taking them la«t Novem-
ber and took two ten cent boxes and pasned a tape-
worm 14 ft. Ions. "Then I commenced taking them
ac&in ami Wednesday. April 4th, I passed another
tap« worm 23 ft. lonf: and orer a thousand small,
worms. Previous to iny taking Cascarets I didn't
know I had a tupe-irurm. 1 always had * small
appetite." .
Win. y. Broirn, 184 Franklin St.. Brooklyn, K. T.
j^tiffifrjSk ' Best Tor
;: CANDY CATHARTIC _^^r
' Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do flood,
Never Sicken. Weaken or Gripe. 10c. 25c, 50c. Xever
sold Id bulk. The genuine tablet stamped COO.
Guaranteed to care or your money back.
' Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 594
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXESAt a meeting of the phrenologists in
London Dr. Hollander said that pedple
suffer from slight inflammation of the
brain were sometimes far better,
brighter and more clever with diseased
brains than under normal conditions.
The contracts for repairs to the
United States army transport^ Logan
has been awarded to the RIsdon Iron
Works. The bids were as follows:
Dundon Boiler Works, 55397; United
Engineering Works, $5280; Fulton
Iron Works, $4996; W. A. Boole &
Son. $4600: Union Iron Works, $4560;
Risdon Iron Works, $4179. The Ria
don Irop- Works, to' which was also
awarded the' contract of repairing the
big dredger Mexico for $10,000, will
complete the latter work .. in . eleven
days.
Rlsdon to Repair the Logan.
The State of California, through its
counsel. Attorney* General U. S. Webb
and George A. Sturtevant, has agreed
to pay the.claims of eleven plaintiffs
for bounty offered for coyote scalps.
The State some time ago refused to
pay the plaintiffs on. the ground that
the scalps were fraudulently obtained.
The several plaintiffs sued for their
money in the. Superior Court at Sac
ramento and won. The State appealed
from the verdict, but the Supreme
Court denied the appeal. The amount
to be paid over is $22,685.
State Will Pay Bounties.
If you are looking for new duck
grounds, where .the best shooting in the
State may be had, take a trip on tha
Blumenberg launches from Antloch
along Sherman Island. Ask the Santa
Fe at 641 Market street. •
Something Doing With Wild Ducks.
James Simple, a laborer, living at
614 Howard street, was found wander
ing: aimlessly around In the neighbor
hood of Sixth and Howard streets
early yesterday morning by Policeman
Desmond. He told the policemen he
had been beaten by tvo unknown men,
but he did not know where. He was
sent to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. His nose and # right eyebrow
were cut and bleeding and It was
thought that his skull had been frac
tured. The police are Investigating
the case.
Assaulted by TV. 3Icn.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 5.— Frank J.
Murphy, attorney for "William Buckley,
who is to be hanged next Friday for
the murder, of George Rice in San
Francisco in 1901, has petitioned Gov
ernor Pardee for another reprieve of
thirty days.
Buckley Asks for Another Reprieve.
Attempt to Rob a Bank.
MONMOUTH, Or., Nov. 5. An at
tempt was made last night to rob the
safe of the Polk Bank of this place.
The doors of the safe were blown off,
but the coin chest resisted every effort.
About $l",0 in silver was all that the
robbers secured. "The robbers escaped.
Suits for divorce were filed by Wil
liam J. Jordan against Annie J. Jor
dan for Infidelity with an unknown
man; Lucille Robinson against George
H. Robison. neglect; Margaret Schim
mer against Frank Schimmer, neglect.
Judge Kerrigan' granted a divorce
to Lucille Schmoll from George
Schmoll on the ground of cruelty.
When Mrs. Schmoll sued in May last
for maintenance her husband accused
her of staying away from home and
frequenting dance halls.
A suit for divorce on the grounds of
neglect and cruelty was brought yes
terday by Pauline Breeser against
Gustave Breeser, who, she says, has
about $3000 and a half interest in a
saloon at Ea.«t and Merchant streets.
They were married on September 16,
1903, and have a child 3 months old.
One of his acts of cruelty is said to be
Insistence in repeating stories of his
"times" with dissolute women, with
whom, his wife says, he constantly
censorts.
With the second year of her mar
< ried life not yet ended and a 4 months'
I old babe to care for, Mrs. Lillian M.
i McMurphy finds it impossible to live
! longer with Frederick W. McMurphy,
j owner of a half interest in the Pacific
; Coast Boiler Works. Yesterday she
" sued for divorce. For eighteen months,
i she says, he has been coming home in
j toxicated and sullen, calling her vile
' names and making unwarranted accu
•; sations. This brutality, it is, alleged,
j was done in the presence of his three
I children by a former wife. Their own
j child was born July 24 and when.it
j was three months old he was showing
it to a friend, and, being drunk, let it
drop, injuring Its head. Mrs. McMur
phy says she has left him three times
j because of his abuse and returned on
i his promise to reform. She demands
i S100 a month alimony or $7500 out of
I his interest in the boiler works.
Mrs. Lillian McMurphy Sues for Di
vorce and Half of Husband's •
Business Interests.
Some time ago it was reported ex
clusively in The Call that Compere
had found the parasite needed. He
saw in Spain orchards with hundreds
oi apple trees in vigorous bearing. The
codlin moth existed in these orchards,
but the parasite was there, too, and so
vigorous and effective that, although
it was proved that the codlin moth had
been there for thirty years, the farm
ers were surprised to find that it ac
tually existed in their orchards. This
is taken to be a satisfactory proof of
the efficiency of the parasite.
Eggs and one or more mature para
sites are in evidence in the headquar
ters of the Horticultural Commissioner
in the ferry building in this city. They
are objects of the greatest interest to
Messrs. Ehrhorn and Cams of the quar
antine service of the State. The eggs
are beginning to hatch out. Abund
ant food^ has been provided for the
maintenance of the parasites when
they begin to feed. In a few months
colonies will be sent to Infested or
chards in all parts of the State and
then the most impqrtant experiment,
horUculturally considered, that has
ever been tried in the United States
will be made on a large scale. If Cali
fornia succeeds the other States of the
Union will eventually, no doubt, take
note of the newcomer.
The parasite that is expected to ex
terminate the codlin moth in Califor
nia and ultimately, perhaps, through
out the United States, has made it«
first American appearance in San
Francisco. It came in charge of the
Horticultural Commissioner of the
Slate of California. George Compere
d.scovered the parasite In the apple
orchards of Spain. The codlin moth
that the parasite is imported to at
tack is the source of the falseftearted
ncss of apples. The codlin moth
causes an annual loss of many mil
lion dollars by inflicting upon the
farmers of . the ; land bad apples in
large percentage of the total crops.
Nothing that has yet been tried has
prevailed against the moth. Even
faithful obedience to the fruit-grow
er's commandment, "Watch and
spray," has availed little.
mony. If the "<Var Department re
fuses to name a commissioner then the
t.-ial v. ill be resumed.
UKAVLXWOKTH, Kans., Nov. 5.—
When the marriage annulment suit
of Lieutenant Sidney S. Burbank
against Mrs. Concepcion Vasquesa
arae up in the District Court here to
«lay an agreement was entered into
for the appointment of a commissioner
Ut co to the Philippines to take testi-
Lieutenant IJurbank's Annulment of
Marriage Suit Hangs Fire Pend
ing Departmental Action.
BOILER-MAKER'S WIFE IS
WEARY OF MISTREATMENT
Tbe most enjoyable short trip around tha
bay la by way oX Sau«alito ferry and North
Shore Electric trains to Mill Valley, Corte
Madera, Larkspur, ErcaUt. Boas Valley, Fair
fix or San Rafael. Only 25c to 30c round trip.
Fifteen boats and trains daily in each dlret
tlon. Mount TatnalpaJs, Bollnas Bay, I>a*u
niiac. Camp Taylor. Point Keyes, Tomales Uay
and Russian River district also furnish de
lightful day excursions. See th« autumn colors
In the hills. Apply at ticket office. €50 Mar
ket street, for copy of "Short Scenic Trips." *
Sunday Short Trips.
AGREE TO ALLOW ARMY
OFFICER TO TAKE TESTIMONY
First American Appearance
of Star Parasite That Is
to Save the Apple Crops
CODLIN MOTH'S
SLAVER COMES
W. H. Bancroft, who has been ap
pointed to the position of acting gen
eral manager of the Western system
of ¦ the Southern Pacific Company*
pending the selection of impermanent
successor to C. H. Markham, arrived !
here yesterday from Salt Lake City |
and is staying at the Palace Hotel, j
He will assume his duties here, on or!
about November 15 /and in the mean- |
time he will give his attention to busi- j
ness maters of a personal character.
Bancroft is now general manager of
the Union Pacific road west of Green
River, the Oregon Short Line as far as
Huntington and of that portion of the
Southern Pacific east of Reno, so that
in assuming the rrianagement of the
Southern Pacific lines from this city to
the Oregon State line, Reno and El
Paso, ,he adds a considerable burden
to his present responsibilities.
Among railroad men throughout the
country Bancroft is regarded as a very
cajjable operating official and it would
not surprise many, notwithstanding
stories to the contrary, if he was even
tually made a permanent general
manager of the Southern Pacific. He
said yesterday that he was absolutely
v/ithout information as to who is to be
General Manager Markham's perma
nent successor. Bancroft has made
frequent trips to San Francisco during
the time he has been connected with
the Harriman lines and is familiar
with the system wh*ich is soon to be
given over to his charge. He was ac- |
companied to this city by I. 0. Rhodes,
purchasing agent of the Oregon Short
Line. ;
Expects to Assume Duties
Resigned by C. H Markham
on or About November 15
HAS A BIO TERRITORY
W. H. Bancroft Arrives From
Salt Lake to Take Charge
of the Southern Pacific
NEW MANAGER
IS IN TOWN
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. NOVEMBER 6, .1905!
35
ADVKitxi^KaiEyrs.
Cures Grip and
What, "77" WiU Do!
"77" win break up a cold.
"77" will check the Grip.'
"77" will stop Influenza.
•77' will relieve a Cough. .
"77" will cure Catarrh.
"77" will heal Sore Throat.
"77"* will prevent Sickness.
"77" la a small vial of pleasant pellets
that fits the vest pocket-^ver bandy.
At DnifKitts, 25 cents each, cr trailed.
Humphreys' Medicine Co., Cor. William and
John Streets, New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The hair
of your head
The hair of the head is
far more sensitive to
climatic changes than is
u«uai!y .supposed, and this
fact is peculiarly apparent
in California.
When the hair becomes
dry, brittle and falls out
and dandruff forms upon
the scalp it is an absolutely
certain indication of
diseaf-cd conditions, which,
nnlets promptly treated,
will result in baldness.
Coke Dandruff Cure is
the only remedy thus far
discovered which.wi!l not
only remove dandruff, but
trill positively grow
new hair.
That it will do so has
been proved by thousands.
It is a perfectly pure
liquid, free from even a
trace of sediment, sulphur
or any injurious ingredients
whatsoever.
It is delightfully refresh-
ing, and under its benign
influence the hair quickly
regains the softness and
gloss of youth, and a new,
vigorous growth takes the
f>lace of that which has been
ost.
Coke Dandruff
Cure
Ask your druggist.
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. 0PP. MASON.
FINE LEATHER VIOLIN CASES.
PfllarA D0N ' T FAIL 'TO
j COURT Lounging
rind room, the EMPIK3
auu parlor. th«
r.-~~A PALM ROOM, the
lirSflU LOUIS XV PAR-
Hn+af* DIES ' WRITINO
Hotels room-
The Ear Association of San Francisco
Recotr-mend tor Reelection as SUPERIOR
JUDGES tbe Present Incumbents
Names Are
J Altr 8 M. SE A WELL
JAMES K. TEOUTT . *
FSAZTX J. MXTKAEKT
JPMAjriC H. KEaaiQAJT
Schools and Colloycs,
EMM
LEADIXO BT6INXSS COLLEGE OP THE
WEST.
Over 24 Poet »t., 8aa Frasdaeo, Cal.
Ertab. 40 yeaj%. Open entire year, dajr & aliht.
Writ* £or circulw* (free).
: : •'" A31USKMKNTS.
; In conjunction with: J>
) i\ Orpheum Theater, Los AugelM. ,'<[
• ji Orpheum Theater. New Orleaxis. jv
1 < Oi-pheura Theater, Km«ai City. V
i < Orpheum Theater, Omaha. >'),
! / Orphetim Theater. Denver. */,'
I * Orpfaeum Theater. Minneapolis. K
J Orpheum Theater. St. Joseph. '.]>
< Columbia Theater, St. Louis. V
* Columbia. Theater. Cincinnati. <S
' Grand Opera-bouse. Indianapolis. |>, ;
'»]> Chicago Opera-house, Cnicaso. i'',
X Olympic Theater. Chlcajro. Jj'
<> Haymarket Theater. Chicago. i'/,
V Majestic Theater (now building). Chi- J,
• ',•, caso. r
<S {,
v> <
j!j! Weak Cemmcnelnc THIS AFTER- .
t\\ MOON. Norsmber 6. i
I THE SHOW OF THE j
SEASON!
' -i ¦ - i'f t
Tha Principal Comedian of Weber and J>?
! ; Flalds' New York Music Hall Stars. ,'i
John T. Kelly and Company I
: In his Original One- Act Comedy. I',
; "S1SCATOR MePHEB." ' J>
TWELVE NAVAJO GIRLS I
I; Including THE TWO ROSES. !j[
GANFIELDandGARLETON I
\'i In Their Original Absurdity. '\>
| j "THE HOOPOO," <|<
WEE JEAN1E FLETCHER
Fr«« Glasjrle. ' «!
The Scottish Nishtlarml*. ];<[
REED AND SHAW I
Muscular Marreli. Ji;
THE MISSES DELMORE I
I In Vocal and Instrumental Selections. '>'<',
I -— •:
! HALLEY AND MEEHAN I
j !; Black Fmce Comedians <>
i ¦', Last We»k of tha Champloa Lfcujii ','<[
\> Producers. . < r S
Watson, Hutchings, Edwards |
j and Company 1 1
Presenting "A VATJDEVI1XB EX- '>'/> i
| CHANCE." Jj; j
I . SPECIAL— Election Returns will b« *)',]
t read from tbe stagre Tuesday night. - " JJM
i < .• ly,
S Regular Matinees Erery Wednesday, <,s
' i Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. [¦<'
! 5 PRICES— 10c. 25c and COc <'<',
UNION
COURSING
1! PARK
P. J. SXZZAT Jndzo
| JAS. T. OSACS SUpper
TQ-DAY, SUNDAY, NOV. 6
Glass and
Reserve Stakes
64.N0MIN1TI0NS-E4
| ....
$1000 pSS&b $1000
TRAIN SERVICE.
I Trains leave 'Third and Townwnd streets' at
10:13 a. m. and 1 p. m.. stopping: at Twenty-
; fifth and Valencia streets fire minutes later.
! Returning after tha last course. 3aa Mateo
electric cars every four minutes to park en-
trance direct.
INGLES1DE
COURSING PARE.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coursing will begin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until the last winning fl»» goa* up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
AH lllssion-st. cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which, go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Jadre.
EDWARD SHDRTSTAG. Slipper.
Hlffh-Class Specialties Sr«ry Afternooa
and ETenlngr In the Theater.
PETCHIN'O BROTHERS; SAMSON AND ZAC
CKO; HUEGEL BROTHERS; • ROBINSON
AND JONES: HUGH MeCORMICK; MABEL.
LAMSON AND THE AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH. -
SPECIAL — Children visiting the Chutea Sun-
day mornings, when Sultan, the untamable
I lion, performs - with Captain Hendrlcks in the
! Zoo, will be gtven tickets for the Miniature
; Electric Railroad. Ferris Wheel and Galloping
Horses WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.
i AMATEUR WIGHT THTTKSDAY.
i Look Out for the JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
I ADMISSION,-. 10a | CHILDREN 5e
1 When Phoning Ask for 'The Chutes."
ADVEKTISJ^JEXTS.
>HgDBBHHBBBaBBBBBBKBBWHBBBBBBsiBBBBHa«««BBsil
—MONEY SAVED—
We are Wholesale Manufacturers, therefore in a position to sell at.
Lower Prices than any other house. .*. .*. .'. .'. .*. .*. .'. .". .",
NEWEST STYLES AT ALL TIMES
$20.00 Suits We Sell at, $12.50^
NOVELTY TOURIST SUITS of newest b ack, brown and navy mix-
tures, collars and cuffs velvet trimmed.
-$30.00 Suits We Sell at, $20.00
Equal to any $40.00 made-to-order garment ; fancy blouse, exquisitely trim-
med, rich material.
$12.50 SILK LINED JACKETS at. $8.50
> $12-50 THREE-QUARTER LENGTH TOURIST COATS at... $ 8.50*
5J5.OO SILK LINED NOVELTY COATS at .-....' $ 1 OOO
S40.0D EVENING COATS, our price $25.00
; ...SKIRT BARGAINS... ,
34.00 ALL-WOOL VALKING SKIRTS, on sale at $ 2.50
$6.50 DRESS SKIRTS, new cut, stylish trimming, at $ 4.00
$20.00 FANCY ETAMINE SKIRTS, with Silk Drop Skirt, special $12.50
£^^ 1142-1146 Market Street
, ; c — <
<HaHHBaBBaBBBBaHggBaBBBBBBBBBailBBaBBaBBBaBE3i
IT IS THE OPPORTUXITY
We Make That Makes Us.
Take tl.e time and opportun-
ity to read our EDUCATIONAL
COLUMN; then write for cata-
lo*rnes.
••••••^•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••oc
• ¦ • ¦ v -¦¦¦•¦ ¦¦ ...;¦¦ -* ' •' '.. .. . _
S ',", DISTINCTIVE FEATURES of Onr
I Tailor-Made Garments
• STYLE, FIT, QUALITY
S LOWER PRICED THAN ANYWHERE
• • ' - • •• ¦
i q It is and always has been oar aim to produce and sell better goods
! e at less money than an be purchased by any other house. See .our
§ SPECIAL OFFERINGS FOR THIS WEEK:
0 Toilnr Maria 'Quite NOVELTY DRESS COATS at . .
8 lailOhMflOB OUITS - .S25, S35. S40, S42.50 and S50
1 It Rn' M rf (Kii ||^ated jack- TOURIST JACKETS-Silk lined
S IS and SiS.O* gets withheld ....... . .$7.50 $8.50 and $1Q
j q collar and "
; • cuffs; velvet or cloth trimmed pleated FUR COATS - - • .' •
!• skirt; newest Scotch mixture; black, j 2 0" $25 $35, $40, $52.50
I © My y Mdbrown - Lowest iiarbet prices.
IS 8$l7.30 2nd$2J.y]0i|Bw e sm FUR QPES and COLLARETTES
!g n with drop One-third less than Reg. prices.
i© shoulder effect, trimmed with tucks t-ttd CTADtC f> Rfl in SQC
j g and fancy braid f made of, fine quaUty rUK blAKtb ... U.W tO 4JS
! 2 Venetian, cheviot or crepe cloth in In great Variety.
j shades of brown, navy and black.
j| |$25.Qjaid$30,o7]£r,,£X' > SKIRTS
j S 9»Wte m.toi.1. withtanfy ve'rteff'rt: G ~ d 1"^^ WllU f# o S o ?1
ii ? °'""- ««>»*¦»»• DreBSlIrt ,:..:. .Sso «.%*!"?
S CHILDREN'S COATS— Great values at $5, $6.50, $7.50, $8,50, $10
• 1230, 3232, 1234* MA KKET STREET.
ADVEKTIfiI^MF^-TS.
(^ ¥ T^J 7 «=»— / a sT\ i sTls W i^ 8
LJ I V 0F®Sm r AkIS I
Dry Goods "^^^P Company. I
Handkerchief Sale |
Our complete line of imported, specially selected, dainty and snappy «
ideas now on exhibition. fy
Real Armenian Lace Trimmed J
Handkerchiefs |
In exclusive designs and makes, shown only by this house. g
Coided and Embroidered Border Handkerchiefs |
Embroidered Center Handkerchiefs |
French Hand Embroidered Handkerchiefs |
Real Lace Handkerchiefs g
Embroidered Initialed Handkerchiefs |
40 Styles to Select From, g
SPECIAL VALUE |
Hand Hemstitched and Hand Embroidered Initialed Handkerchiefs, »
made on the finest hand-woven spider linen lawn; seven *CA*% S
designs; assortment now complete; each JVJC a
'
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
Geary ted Stocktea Streets, Unkn Square- o
ADVERTISEMENTS, v-;
iMf $k*0
This Week's Specials: '^^Uf 2 ?^
¦49^1 1 ¦ PABLOB CABUJET— Just ft I I If /\j
' !l!l<ii.' I ' ag Pictured; 4 ft. 9 in. a ft h 4 / / jj
£pr" ?X- <t> high. 2 ft. S In. wide. ' \ 9 i 9 i 3 B
~J \ T'l^r^ finished v in genuine ma- J I C t -£Jy
hogany, and - polished. S^* "
• m "^ Till "| French, plate \7 CA -~-,'^-
I glass, 8x12. Price V««yW JE^*1F^7\V
I Sells . reg-ularly for 112.50. lC^^JJi\\ jr\
¦*"'' ' v i. I This will make an excel- ff^^'^^xi 1^
; S« **f lent and acceptable; . tf • h ""
I 1 Christmas present for any &
II 8 . .. • . of . , your, friends or rela- KTTCHE5T OHAIE3 —
U. I tives. We have an endless ? ust *? sh ° WI », ln P. 1 ?"
'.^I5#?Ll variety of Parlor and Mu- \™&£* r ? ul " '"
£Ar 1 1t"- JB l^ sic Cabinets, Desks, etc., Only. 4&C fc3Cll
T~ i snitabla for Christmas _•• •^••; , _ , . . ,
t~-~ ~~* r- ii "a i » Thls Chair i» finished in
presents. Call and select the w hite natural
I your eofods how, and sanie wood. Not more than
will be delivered you for *' s ? ld \° a customer.
¦ it ¦ V. ril ,i. tm .« Positively not 3old to
9 . Christmas. dealers.
• BOOK SHELVES — Solid oak.
" ' iiTjtl^ixi'fc^fct^ftSSfcs^ golden finish, can be used
]^5p5j2j* iS^i/ J i*l&*^i/£/J A^SV^ 1 *^ Cannot be duplicated in other
y 1 1 WH/M fl n/af 'l^^l^3l'\v SATTTttDAY rriGHT SPE-
-xate^^^a^^^-ijila^^^y rl of iwqEAiN cabpet, aii-
, ... '''^flpM^^^V l\\|t W* rnrnlsh Houses Complate-
*. ' ' . • l l ! liil'ff^cS»>^J • **' ' AH " Caxs Xiaad, to Our
~ * \ - . " v "'tiVi Stor#. - Conntry Orders . So*
EASTERN OUTFITTING GO. 1320-1328 mm st.
|GRAN_DSSgg£
MATINEES TO-DU AND SATURDAY
LAST WEEK
JANE CORCORAN
8npported by
ANDREW R0B50N
la France* Ajrnar Mathews' Picturesqn*
Plar.
PRETTY PEGCY
ELECTION SSTUXBS WU1 B* Read
i Tram the Stage Taeaday Night.
OIVE WEEK ONLY
Next Sunday Matinee
The International Succe«».
THE FATAL
WEDDING
With the OrUtn&l Cart.
FOPUItAS PBZCXS
f*M 1IMBI Jl a! ftuoiOH.
WUUUIHJ91 A wm m,s
TO-NIQHT £f«I
ISADOKE RUSH
In Um hlUrloua f*rctcaJ eocnadT.
'GLimanro ox-oaiA.*
TWO WEEXS. MONDAY
HENRT W. BAVAOS ©1Sar»
VV> awanoB axjbt*
I HP
A Jl HHm* Cwn«lT Dram*.
COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
(Not a musical comedy.)
Prwcated by a Powerful and Pvrfeedr BaN
anead Cast of San Francisco 7aTorttra.
/-^GALIFORNIA-n
; MAT1XBB TO-DAT.
ifMsra. Schafer aad Croai pnwnt
OTI3 B. THATER and GERTRUBS
BON-DHILX.
f In tli* Beautiful Pastoral Ctomsdy-
Drain*.
SWEET CLOVER
First Tlrao Her* After P1v« Tears of
Enormous Eastern Sueeees.
For tie Saturday eight performance
of tills piece tha stadents ef Stanford
University nave purchased 160& seata.
ELECTION RETTON'3 TUESDAY
NIQHT.
Kaxt Sunday Matinee — The- fortousty
funny farce, the bis hit of Jast year.
A PniZND OP THE FAMILY.
B. W. BISHOP. Lesse« and Manager.
Si tcmsTght z
GOULD A GILMOUB IN
H /V AV L E X
"Th« grreateit stock productten erer «iv«n
la this city." — Aaaton Stevens.
BTARTINO MONDAY NIQHT.
Oliver Morosco offers
An American Citizen
ELECTION* RETCRXS will b-» r»«4 between
acts Tuesday night.
SECO3TD WEEX
Of tit* irreat Musical Comedy Triumph
THE
i MESSENGER BOY
BEGINS MONDAY EVENING. NOV. T.
A SUPERB SCENIC SENSATION.
! A SPLENDID TIVOU CAST.
Usual Ttvoll Drioes 23c SOe, TSc.
Seats always selling:; Only Hat. Saturday.
ALCAZAR^a"
General Manax?r.
MATINEE TO-DAY — TO-HIGHT
A Play of Thrillinar Interest.
DRUSA_WAYNE
TO-MOSSOW inQBT — O5E WEEK
A. C. Ounter't Delightful Comedy.
PRINCE KARL | m,
Election Ee turns Tu*sday S&ht!
Etsjs. 2b» to TSc. Mats. Sat. A Sun.. 23c to SOe,
Mm.. Nov. X*- — Clyde Fitch's Great Play.
THE CLIMBERS
Tor the Cm tlma la rtorit.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 531
axArorsx to-dat
TCKXIGUT-LASX TIJtfE >"
of the English melodrama,
"THEWOBST WOMAN IN L0ND3H"
JJONDAT NIOHT- and ALL. NEXT WEEK.
Matinees ' ?atard*r and Sunday.
Sensational comedy drama In four acts.
••HER MARRIAGE VOW"
Fizht for Uto «a Ute »r*di>lce!! . Two foil
slxe trains on the stage!! Brimful of hlianoua
burner!'. A *Teat scenic sensation!!
nnircc .Evenluo • 10c .« to 5?°
rniWCj MaUnees 10c. 13c 25o
TONY LUBXLSKI. General Manager.
AN IMPORTANT EVENT.
GRAND REOPENING
TO-MORROW (MONDAY* EVENING at T:SO.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE AT POPULAR
PRICES. -
I 1OO ELTldL 3 I
To orchestra and baleoay.
Afternoons at 2:3o. and two perfonnaacos
•verr eventnz «t 7:30 and 9.
Continuous Saturday and Sunday matla*»
from 2 to 6 o'clocli.
Greatest Vaudeville Acts for th« prices Is
the world.
New moving pictures specially imported from
Europe.
; Entire laterior and exterior magnificently r«-
'•¦ decorated.
GRAND ILLUMINATION TO-XIGHT. -
WeeMy Call $1.00 M YearTrapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 00c flask. Richard & Co., 100 Clay.*
Sir George Newnes," Member of
Parliament, is having built' for him
at • ' Newcastle-ori-Tyne a 1300-ton
yacht of the turbine type. '
Don't miss Socialist final grand rally Monday
night, Alhambra Theater. Brilliant speakers.*
SEEKS DAMAGES FOR BRUISES.— W. F.
Howe yesterday sued the Geary-street 'Railroad
Company for $299 damages for" Injuries al
leged to have been received on the company's
turntable at Market and Kearny streets.
The plaintiff says one of the company's cars
was revolved on the turn-table and struck him
en the ankle with great force, bruising; and
lacerating the member and shocking plaintiff,
who Is 65 years old. '
Wedding Invitations printed or enslaved:. Ed
ward Knowles Co.,' 24 Second »t. v nr. Market. •
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on November 29 at San Francisco
for the position of civil engineer and
superintendent of construction, quar
termaster's department at large. Age
limit, 20 years or over; salary, $1600.
Apply to the United States Civil , Ser
vice Commission, Washington', ". D. C,
or to the secretary, of the board of
civil service examiners, postofflce, , San
Francisco, for application form 1312,
which should be properly executed
and filed with the commission at
Washington.. , w ; , >\
Civil Engineer Wanted.
Rob Bank of $3000.
ST.CLOTJD. "Mi-nn , Nov. S.—BtirKLsxs
entered the bank at Becker, to
day, broke open the safe 'with nitro
glycerine, secured $3000 Is currency
and made their escape on a hand car.
Conditon of Channel-Street Sewer.
The Board of Public Works yester
day filed a report with the Supervisors
that the Channel-street sewer is in
good condition except between Fif
teenth and Sixteenth streets, where it
is badly cracked, owing to the cars
of the Southern Pacific Company pass-
Ing over It at that point. At the cross
ing of Eighth, Kansas and Division
streets the electric, conduit of. the San
Francisco Gas Company projects into
the sewer, and, acting as a dam,
causes the street to become flooded.
The company promised to remove the
conduit, but has not done so.
In Justice to Collector Lynch it must
be said that up to a year ago" the de
partment at Washington rated the ac
counts of his office high for accuracy
and -regularity, but the fact that $4600
could be withheld by one employe
shows that something was wrong with
the department bookkeeping.
United States District Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth" returned from the
country yesterday, having been sum
moned to his office by an urgent tele
gram from Washington. The telegram
instructed him to investigate and prose
cute George A. Wright and all other
persons In the office of United States
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch
whom he might discover to have been
short in their accounts at any time, Ir
respective of the fact that the short
ages may have subsequently been made
good.
Mr. Woodworth said yesterday that
he had not had time to familiarize him
self with the case of Wright's shortage
of $4600, but would immediately look
into the papers and have a conference
with Special Revenue Agent Bert M.
Thomas. He added that several days
would probably elapse before he would
be 'ready to move in the matter, and
that if he then found that a crime had
been committed he would lose no time
in prosecuting the guilty parties.
It is believed that Wright is not the
only offender in the office. Others be
sides him wagered money on the races
and were so unfortunate as to pick
out the wrong horses. Others frequent
e dthe crystal palaces of the tenderloin.
These, however, made good before they
were dtected, but whe nthe tide receded
Wright was discovered high and dry in
the fierce white blaze of publicity.
It has been pointed out that the
greater number of John C. Lynch's ap
pointees were selected at the dictation
of leaders of the party machine in this
State, and there has been much com
ment among business men as to the
careless methods prevailing In that of
fice. A well-known business man in
formed'a Government official recently
that on one occasion he was handed a
greater value of stamps than the
money paid by him called for, and that
upon discovering the error. after he had
left the revenue office he returned and
refunded the excess. He said that the
man who gave him the stamps was un
der the Influence of liquor.
These and other matters displaying
carelessness and incompetency have
been reported to Agent Thomas, and In
consequence his investigation will be'
directed not against Wright alone, but
into the "affairs and management of
every branch of the office. . -. .".
TJ. S. Attorney Woodworth
Beturas on Government Or
der to Pursue' the Frauds
WILL PROSECUTE
DEPUTY WRIGHT
George Blanck and bearing the alleged
signature of Judge Troutt.
Vulicevich used to hang around the
Police Courts when they were ,.at the
City Hall,, and. in December, 1894,- he
obtained money from a man by threat
ening to arrest him on a warrant pur
porting to have been signed by Judge
Joachimsen. He was arrested for ob
taining money by false pretenses and
was sentenced to serve three months in
the County Jail. In August, 1895, he
was convicted of vagrancy and sen
tenced to serve six months in the
County Jail. While serving that sen
tence he was allowed to leave the jail
occasionally and take a stroll down
town. This caused a scandal at the
time.
Geese are plentiful at the present time
and large flocks are occupying the shal
low ponds along Sherman Island. If you
want to go to Sherman Island with your
gun ask the Santa Fe at 641 Market
street about the Blumenberg launches
from Antioch. *
Wild" Geese Plentiful.
The most elegantly appointed hotel and cafe
In San FrancUco. . Rooms single and en suite;
M private baths; phone In every room. Hotel
Clarendon. 043 Post St.. opp. Olympic Club. ¦
Two indictments were presented, one
against Juan Sanchez for stealing cer
tain jewelry from Thomas A. Pearce at
the Presidio, and the second against
Olaf A'nderson for beating and wound
ing a Kanaka, John Saunders, on board
the schooner Vine on July 1, 1904.
Postmaster Jensen had refunded the
$1421 held by him, and the Jury took
pity upon him and his family and con
sidered that he had been sufficiently
punished by reason of the exposure and
consequent disgrace. The petty smug
gling cases were dismissed because the
punishment was too severe for the
Charles A. Jensen, charged with hav
ing while Postmaster at Cordelia failed
to deposit $1421 38 with the treasury of
the United States on April, 1 27,. 1804;
Charles Saxon and Howard •Qulmby,
charged with haying unlawfully as
saulted a United' States' teacher at
Hoopa about January 1, 1904; Hong
Fat Company, charged with having vio
lated the hydraulic mining law on June
9, 1904; Isaac Smith, charged with
smuggling 199 cigars on September 1,
1904; H. Thompson, charged with hav
ing marooned a mariner on August 4,
1904, at Punta Arena, Central America;
Frances de Souze, charged with smug
gling two dressed ostrich feathers Octo
ber 31, 1904; George Nichols, charged
with smuggling 100 cigars on September
1, 1904; D. J. Callaghan, charged with
smuggling thirty-six silk caps on July
1, 1904; Geronimo Rodriguez, charged
with having uttered a forged United
States Shipping Commissioner's certifi
cate on July 11, 1904; John Leslie,
charged with having disposed of sub
sistence stores of the United States on
August 12, 1904, to F. W. Arnold for $3.
and Joseph de Benedetti, charged with
violating section 5426 of the Revised
Statutes.
The United States Grand Jury broke
the record yesterday in the matter of
passing over charges. Out of thirteen
cases brought before it only two indict
ments were found. The eleven cases
ignored had been presented during the
absence of United States District At
torney Woodworth in the country on
official business. He was very, much
surprised yesterday 'on his return to
find that so large a number of charges
had been ignored. The eleven cases are
as follows:
When searched at the City Prison a
check for $2 50 purporting to be signed
by "E. A. Hayes" and drawn on the
San Francisco National Bank, was
found in his pocket, besides an applica
tion form for appointment as Inspector
at the coming elections in the name of
About a week ago Vulicevich passed
a check with the same signature on P.
Besson of W. D. Ewer & Co., employ
•ment agents. 610 Clay street. The check
was for $2 50, but Besson only ad
vanced him 52. It is expected that many
others will be heard from. ,
S. W. Vulicevich "was arrested by De
tective Egan on Friday night and
locked up in "the tanks" at the City
Prison pending further investigation.
He has been in trouble before, and this
time he is accused of passing a number
of fictitious checks on saloon-keepers
and others on the water front. He has
been using on the checks the names of
candidates who are seeking the suf
frages of the electors.
Vulicevich succeeded- in passing three
checks, each for $2 60, drawn on the
Anglo-Californian Bank and purporting
to be signed by Judge J. M. Troutt, on
E. O. Wilkens. saloon-keeper at Wash
ington and Davis streets. He was so
pleased with his success that he pre
sented Wilkens with another check for
$10. also purporting to be signed by
Judge Troutt.
The body of the man who ' died of
carbolic acid poisoning at the Central
Emergency Hospital last Friday
night was identified yesterday as that
of Mario Musso, a teamster residing
at 1407 Dupont street. He had been
despondent for several days.
Identified as Mario Musso.
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Haight & Masonic av.»
S. W. Vulicevich Makes Use
of Xames of Candidates
in His Swindling Game
Eleven Charges Passed Over
and Only Two Indictments
Are Found bj r That Body
The Board of Public Works yester
day removed John 'Hayes, keeper of
the Sixteenth-street corporation yard,
and F. G. Carpenter, assistant super
intendent of street sweeping, from
their positions and appointed Peter
F. Sheehan and W. J. Shaughnessy to
the respective places. . .The board as
cribes no reason for the removals
other than that they are made for the
good of the service.
The board gave the owners of the
house standing in the middle of Beach
street, between Hyde and Larkin, one
week to remove the same, with the
alternative of the building being torn
down by the employes of the board.
Says Changes Are for the Good of the
Service, and Jlubre Two Ap
- pointments. • •
FEDERAL JURY
BREAKS RECORD
OBTAINS MONEY
ON BAD CHECKS
compelled him to leave Egypt and come
to America. He lived a while, in New
York and tried to get a' position." as sur
geon in the American army In the
Philippines, but in this he failed. Dur
ing his residence In this city he lived in
the "What Cheer House, barely havng
sufficient means to keep body.and soul
together and too proud to make his
wants known to "his fellow Jews.
BOARD OF WORKS ORDERS
REMOVAL. OP EMPLOYES
T>r. Jacob Pollatsek, a physician of
high attainments, graduate of the Roy
al University of Budapest, former sur
geon of the Sultan of Turkey and a dis
tinguished linguist, whose name Is bet
ter known in Egypt than in San Fran
cisco, , died at the Harbor Emergency
Hospital yesterday morning from the
effects of poison administered with sui
cidal intent. In his sixty-third year,
broken in health, friendless and pov
erty stricken, he chose to abandon a
struggle which seemed to him hopeless.
He was found on Friday unconscious
In a cheap room at the "What Cheer
House which he had occupied for the
past fifteen months. From there he was
taken to the hospital, where he died.'
Among his effects was found the fol
lowing note:
"11-3. f 04J
"To the Honorable Coroner— Dear Sir:
I feel it is the end. I beg of you as
tutor of the dead no{ to have rested my
remains in the so-called Potter's field.
Should it for any reason or another be
shown that this, my last wish, is un
feasible, please surrender my cadaver
to some medical college (of good stand-
Ing), to their disposition, and not oth
erwise, as nobody has a right to inter
fere. The last wishes of a dead man
should be respected.
"Coroner, moriturus te salutat.
' "Fuit.
"DR. JACOBUS POLLATSEK.
"All these are my documents at
tached. I am a citizen of this country."
His papers show that at the age of 38
years, on November 23, 1878, he received
the degree of doctor of medicine at the
Royal Scientific University of Buda
pest, Hungary. He was house physician
to the Ottoman Sultan in Turkey in
1878, and in December of that year was
a surgeon in the French army. Later
he acted for a year or more as quaran
tine doctor at Port Said. In 1897-98 he
lived in Cairo, Egypt, and perfected
himself in the knowledge of the writ
ten and spoken Arabic tongue, and he
received from the Jewish community
of Cairo a testimonial in the French
language thanking him for his unpaid
services to the Jewish poor. Toward
the close of the year 1898 ill health
Scholar, Linguist and Hn
nianJtarian',He Passes Away
Without Help or Sympathy
AVELL KNOWN IN EGYPT
Dr. Joseph Pollatsek Gives
Up Hopeless Fight and
Kills Himself With Poison
LEARNED MAN
ENDS HIS LIFE
fHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6. 1901.
36
_, MISCELLANEOUS.
Eye Beauty and
Eye Comfort
Bright, eltvr and healthy ey»» makt or mar
wary a face; the other features may b« ever
so comely. A pair of w«ak. rod. Inflamed or
twitching «ye» will spoil all beauty.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S
EYE W- WATER
The Greatest Eye Remedy
in the World,
Makes weak eyes strong, red. sore, patxrol <K*-
charrlng or dlneaacd «y«s well. Rests tired
eyas. Perfectly harmless. For children or
adults.
Price BOc. By mall Co. If your dronlat
doesn't keep it order direct from G«orx* May-
erle, 1071 Market street* San FVandsco. O«orn
Mayerle's antfisepUe eyeirlau cieaaen. 2 tar 2Se.
A WONDERFUL. REMEDT
SISTER MART BAPTIST, Stater.of Merer
Grass Valler. writes: "My «y*» bar* muci
Improved by the uae of O*orB« M*y»rl«*s O«r>
man Eye Water, and I heartily ladors* It."
USED ON1.T ONE BOTTXJB.
"1 have used a bottle of Oeerr* Majretf*'*
Oman Eye Water and It haa belpad ra» woo-
derfully." —Charles Morraa. Rocklm, «"^T
CURED HER KTES.
Mr. George May erle—Dear Sir: Toor Br«
Water.bu entirely cured my erei after y«*ra
or suffering." Tour resp*ctfuUy,
MRS. IDA LABAimtT,
Valler. Huznboldt County. Herada,
$200.00 REWARD
Tor thm nmmt aad conviction oX tsy
party ox parties ohtaialivr moaiy by
falsely r«pr*s«&ttzur toenualrt* as
OBOSOS U1TXALS, t&e Ocxxasa Bx«
pert Orrtlclaii. or at hl» mat '
AT>VT;KiigTr\< HM'IHI.,
BEWARE
Of a cough, especially of infants
and delicate children. Don't wait
until the cough becomes hard, the
throat inflamed and the lungs and
bronchial passages congested.
Avoid cough remedies that contain
opiates, stupefying drugs and dan-'
gerous anodynes. They only
quiet the symptoms—drug the
cough into silence—but that is not
curing. A weak place is left to
cause trouble later. A remedy
must be used to subdue the in-
flammation, stimulate the secre-
tions, soothe and heal the irri-
tated membranes and cure the
cough to stay cured.
"Adams'
Irish.Moss Cough Balsam is such
a remedy. It enjoys the indorse-
ments of many physicians, \who
use it in their daily practice. Sold
by your druggist at 35c and 50c
bottle. . ?
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT& Co. 1 O'CONNOR, MOFFATT& Go,
We are showing the season's
newest, most exclusive styles
in all the cloths
French and English Broadcloths
The finest weaves In all the latest' shades of champagne, tan. brown.
wide f.T?.\! : f??! n .f! 1 . d .. w . h . u ?-...?. 4 ..! I ! < : h ??$2.00» $2.50, $3.00 yard
Amazon Cloths
A very large assortment of ail the new shades In English Amazon
Cloths. All-wool, well finished and an excellent wearing Cf Cf) V7 ,f*H
fabric for Tailor Suits. 60 Inches wide yOTU
Covert, Cloth
Superb quality heavy English Covert Cloth. In the stylish Tan shades.
This material is extensively used for the new Corset Jack- Ci Cft vrtrH
ets. 62 Inches wide... •< * 1 '* JU yOTU
Mixed Cheviots and Coverts
TTw correct cloth for golf and short walking skirts for winter wear:
in mixed shades of brown, gray and blue. 64 Inches wide.. CJ QQ ynfd
English Corduroys
Best quality sllk-flnished velvet Corduroys, in the wide cord: for street
wear; all the leading colors of navy blue, brown, green, drab, «1 f>Q ynrtl
mode, black and cream. 22 Inches wide * •»
" Domestic Department. ? Underwear
damask cioths— Men's Heavy Aus-
10 patterns bleached, all-linen, bordered
Table Cloths, good strong quality. 2x2% trait an W O O 1
yards. S2.OO- 2xS yards SIS. SO . _
Full size Napkins to match, doz..S^.^5 Shirts and Draw-
napkiits— * . ers> natural color;
All-linen, fine, heavy, bleached, full size . I
Dinner Napkins, In pretty and neat de- size 30 to 50.....
signs. - Dozen 82.5O S1.5O
LOOK DAMA8I—
. Strong, all-linen loom Table Linen. "Will
. bleach quickly ;... 5l)c Men's Heavy Aas-
huck towels— : tralian Wool
'/ • Soft, heavy, all-linen Huck Towels, hem- cu* *. -.-.j ti— -
med and hemstitched, white and red bor- Shirts and JJraw-
ders. Dozen 83.00 ers, scarlet; 34 to
I TABIS UKEH- 4 g fl.75
Extra good grade, pure Linen, satln-fln-
" Ished,' full 72 Inches wide. In choice pat-
terns. Yard 81.OO Ladies' Heavy Aus-
BLA5KETS- tralian Wool
.California white "Wool. Blankets, medium " ' '-. . _,
weight: size for *i beds, pink and blue bor- Vests and Pants;
' i, der . s - Each 83.75 scarlet; sizes 34
& '¦ The largest and ' best assortment w« have W V •
¦ ¦ " ever shown.- All new patterns In white
. and ecru. Nottingham, colored Madras and T . • » xi
corded Arabian. Pair S3.OO Ladies Heavy
bate towzls — • Fleeced Cotton
Full size bleached and unbleached hemmed Vests and Pants
Towels. Each / 25c ... -. n '
( \ Q ankle length.. 5Oc
Shop by Mail II /g/2^ „**/*/
If you live out of %*jW%&T/TlV %Si .
the city you can shop |r Jf/f /70 tM *¦
Just as satisfactorily _..nr^rjY^/^feZ?J
by mall . as If you 4 P"JJ
were here in person. %^
Our Mall Order De- , 8% *» Z*tSSB^^^7&r 4T>
partmenf Is perfectly -1^
equipped to adequate-
l^r^ur" ot M» to 121 Post Street.
OPIE BEAD
Will contribute a series of arti-
cles to the SUNDAY CALL
commencing November 20, en-
titled "Jottings of Old Jim
Jucklin." The first story will be
"ON HELL." '
Be sure you get THE CALL
and follow this series of articles
carefully.
"The Life of Napoleon"
trUV/'f Tflk ' si— arW i^~ sr— ¦ i la/tiTPn nFFFO The coupon
mfii W FRFF T LIMITED GPFEK below wlll
IffiwAi' ... : *'J' ! ; ;I, llsLL. • bring you a complimentary copy
Yi^Sjfr- ' ¦ ££?) "¦ ™" "¦"" — — " of thc Interesting life of Napoleon
Tj>o5i •¦ •• \^J if it is signed and mailed to us
V 'f$\ -~* ;¦ \*H at once. Promptness is necessary, as we have only
Y?*.;'. : " %• '*. \ q a limited number of copies for complimentary distri-
yi-4 r *~ *^^!k ''•I bution.
IP* r '-' r -£lli^^' 7 The llfe story of this ?reat f ! gure in the T orld s
KvS>" -'- r - : -?*Z3lt&i history is as inte»esting as a novel. Here you can
JOOt! ¦;•;-.;- -" ~Zk follow the rising fortunes of the Man of Destiny,
y^V^Sv.r« . ,/..-i*<gL_ and trace the influence of his powerful Intellect upon
the events of his time. Accounts of his campaigns
/ — "-7 I X J^V^fcy^ "' " **' '" are given, with the story of his last days at St. He-
'"¦/ 1 \. Sffiz^^r lena. This biography is by J. R. Seeley, Professor of
1- \ ¦^•y&Z^'^ Modern History, at Cambridge University.
h \ }%£ .^^ We 8end thls com P lete Life of Napoleon to make
| % yp' O * /dr-* you acquainted with the Encyclopedia Britannica —
\ » /\ fj /"T") & ' the New "Werner Twentieth Century. Edition. In this
I / \ ft ( iS ( / connection we have an unusually attractive offer to
\ \ // \kJ ) i make you by means of which you can obtain this
w \J tS f ereat reference work at a saving of fifty per cent on
J * / >. ipJi the publishers price and can secure the entire set
V . of • thtrty-one volumes upon making a first payment of
. • . ....... ji.oo, 'the remainder. to be paid in. small monthly pay-
_>^.. nniTnuiir/l C7Cut out this Coupon and Mall TO-DAY. T3
SOME FACTS ABOUT THE ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA^
ffllt is the only Encyclopedia that ever paid Tea Thou.^d DoUar. for a .
single article, or Six HnnoVed Dollar, a page for written ™j"« n nt \\l \M\m ASSOCianOn>
It Is twice the sire of the smaller Encyclopedias in regard to the a ™°j U^ B^Uin.,
of reading matter. If printed in volumes of ordinary size and tjpe. ana oi P»rrott BotHing,
300 pages eTch it would require 500 of ¦ueH book, to contain the matter m MABKT BTBBBT, tAN raiMOISOD.
embraced in this edition. . .
This Encyclopedia contains 73 oomplete course, of »e**^ff and G *" tlemen: , ; t
in Literature. Astronomy. Law, Geology. History. Medicine. Mechanics, ana P i ea se «nd me your complimentary
other lines of equal interest and value. With each set there is suppnea * -Life of Napoleon." together with sam-
gruide to Systematic Reading and Study, occupying one volume. p , 8 p, BeB and run particulars of the
Twelve Thou»a*d niurtration. and Maps are included in the set for the N>w Werner Twentleth century Edition
purpose of illustrating the text. The enure set Is printed om . clcar t5pe on Encyclopedia Britannica.
a superior grade of paper, and Is handsomely and durably bound. , *=
This is rot only the best, but also the- cheapest - Encyclopedia^ Modern E
m-thods of publishing and dltribution have so revolutionized e " 1 ° d ?_ th ?*
the Sew Werner Twentieth Century Edition of this superb E "c>clopedia is
within the reach of every man or woman who can. spare ten cent, a day. STREET
If vou will mail da the coupon, signed with your name and address, we
will send you. absolutely free, a handsomely printed and n u " d na c ,°P y ° d -"£ TO1:VN •
"Life of Napoleon" a-s it appears In the Britannica, also sample P^^" ,£,'
particulars of the entire set. We do this to show you how c°mprehens£ ely A
and interestingly subjects are treated in this Encyclopedia This offer is made -"«
only to responsible men and women. No children nerd apply. Call Bureau
TO1 out the coupon and mall lt'HOW-to-da y --if you want to secure a
copy of the life of tills K rf-at historic rharaoter— absolutely FRLL. — „« i—
APVEKTISEMKyrS.
World's «< „ 1
Record Vfl^AC I
Breahing* & 1^*C>3 |
Dinner Sets 1
China I
Grorlc^rv ¦ ¦ •¦ •-' H
Glassware 1
Ornaments 1
Prices never so cheap I
Need the room |
for I
New Holiday Goods |
Come early |
just to look. I
Great American Importing Tea Co. 1
Money Saving Store. Q
H 861 Market 213 Sutter ' 1419 Polk hi
M 140 Sixth 1819 DWlsadero ™3 Larkin U
H 475 Haixht 3006 Sixteenth £gg Hayes I
¦32S5 Mission 521 Monte'y ave C2 Market ¦
¦ZOOS Fillmore 2510 Mission 460 Fourth ¦
[ 366 Third 2732 24th 206 Third H
ADVEK'HSEMJEXT&
>gg^6&, magnin's reliable wear, Jsteb,
We arc showing the most complete and authorit-
ative collection of exclusive wearing apparel for
women, children and infants tjiat will be seen in
San Francisco.
Ladies' Underwear Dept
FLANNELETTE GOWNS, exceptionally well made; the
product of our own workrooms; pink and blue C*| and
stripe and solid colors V' °P-
FLANNELETTE UNDERSKIRTS; deep rcalloped ruf-
fles; our own manufacture; pink and blue stripe. ¦^¦^Zfin>
good value at OUu
LADIES' BLACK PETTICOATS, made of Italian cloth;
deep flounce trimmed with ruffles. An .excellent I
value at yUJbO
. LADIES' BLACK PETTICOATS, some made of mercer-
ized moreen, others of Italian cloth; with deep, C^i C\(\
accordion-plaited flounce; tucked ruffles .*.... *pi*Ovr, '
Ladies' Hosiery Dept
LADIES' BLACK HOSE, in a large variety of lace effects;
fast color. Regular price 50c pair — Special — three Ql AA
pairs for xjH.UU
The IMagnin Waists.
Our collection embraces exquisite waists for evening wear
and waists of French and Saxony flannels; in plaids, stripes
and colors; in plain tailored and fancily trimmed effects.
LADIES' ALL-OVER LACE WAISTS: our own
manufacture: transparent drop shoulder yokes; fffk
sizes 34 to 40. $i 0.00 value — SPECIAL yOiOU
918-922 Market St. No Branch Stores
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
V , A Most* Important .^>
Sale of Petticoats
$1.50 values for 98c
£5£J$§l Too much cannot be said of
the importance of this event.
j • V "C We are constantly in the mar-
jf j\* ket, but it is very seldom that
TrB^i^^vX we are a^ e to °^ er sucn a bar-
yTjjl^^ They are made of black Ital-
/yl^SL^ ian cloth. There is no skimp-
(l Wmss&i m & — every skirt is cut full.
JA^HmRIH Some of the flounces are accor-
.-Mfflni^WBmB deon-plaited, others have the
J^^ffMgW^^\ ' gathered flounces. These skirts
"^™^HHWi are extremel > r wel1 finisncd -
Every detail is perfect. We
would have no trouble in dis-
posing of them at $1.50; they
iCflSaSEjSfflSS^KS^ are worth every cent f>Q
« e Of ct^ $1- 50 Corsets
Separate Skirts
Great* £P a^^ks^^si j^Si wtti /!•%
Values tfr %Jr 0 %J \Jr <B> xcajr \&
DRESS SKIRTS— No matter r f .
how much you expect, a The last 200 o/ those dam*
surprise awaits you. These aged in last month? s storm.
skirts are made of cheviot ,-, ,' , ., .
and broadcloth, in both navv The last 20 ° o£ those corsets
and black. The flounces are that were damaged in last
.. in the full flare effect, the month's rainstorm — about
• trimmings include taffeta enough to last during the
strappings and fagoting. morning, so come early. We
a Th n ey d. "Ve^t h ~ bined a » the M
values at ..... \ 11 1 1 1 1 and made but one P nce f or
. . ' U • all. There are all sizes and
WALKING ' SKIRTS — Just all the Princess hip models,
about the most ' stunning both long and short. Here's
creations we have shown your last to get
yet. The material is the new these $1.50 * corsets 1 A
mannish cloth in mixtures of (very slightly dam-
black and white. The little aged) at ..........
.- trimming ideas are- fetching. ~
They are"; "extremely well THE CORSET DEPART-
tailored, arid you can cer- MENT is located on the
tainly use . one A r Aft third floor in a well lighted,
at this special \ H _ M II commodious corner — a very
price ¦". '.'. pleasant place.
See Other Announcements in Chronicle and
;-'•' .:•/-¦ : -'V " Examiner. ; ": *; ¦OAKLAND, Nov. 5.— While out J on
a picnic with her Sunday school class
Lillie Bridgman, 11 years of age,
slipped into, the reservoir at Red Rock
quarry,' near ' Blairs Park this after
noon and was drowned before help
could be summoned. Her little sister
was with her .when ;the fatal accident
occurred. The .unfortunate child \was
the daughter of EdwardC. .Bridgman
of the' firm of McCully & Bridgman,
mill men. - .
Iilllle Bridginan, '•AVhlle at a Picnic,
Slips i and Falls Into Deep
? Water.
TATTLE GIRL DROWNS.
IX RED ROCK RESERVOIR
The brothers had also witnessed the
first will. Mrs. Watson was the favor
ite of Miss Dolbeer among her kin, and
the greatest surprise was manifested
on every hand except by Mr. and Mrs.
Watson themselves when the opening
of the testament: revealed that she had
been completely 'overlooked.' There had
been some small family differences be
tween Miss Dolber/and her kinfolk, but
the strongest relations of friendship
existed'with her favorite cousin. And
In the test of that bond. of friendship
Mr. arid MrsJ Watson graciously, joined
with Miss Dolbeer In her purpose to.be
stow her .' all, virtually, on ; Miss War
ren, 'who had been a steadfast com
panion through ', years of grief and ill
ness.
a fortunate circumstance for the pro
ponents, as it 'fortifies that document
immeasurably. . «
Republicans Hold Rally at Tiburon.
TIBURON, Nov. \ 5>— The Repub
licans of Tiburon "'¦'closed their cam
paign to-night withVaViarge and en
thusiastic meeting, ys^eeches were
delivered by Senator S. H.
Olmsted, E. B. Martirielli and L. C.
Pistolesi.
Notwithstanding determined effort to
maintain secrecy, it transpires that Ber
tha M. Dolbeer's will now being con
tested In Judge Coffey'8 court was the
second testament she had executed. In
her first will it was her purpose to be
queath almost half a million dollars to
her cousin, Mrs. Douglas Sloane Wat
son. But she changed her mind, de
stroyed this will and made Etta M.
Warren, her lifelong companion and
most Intimate friend, the chief bene
ficiary of the estate, worth more than
$1,000,000.
It has always been suspected that
Miss Dolbeer had made another will,
in which there had been a different dis
position of her wealth than that set
forth in the instrument she executed in
April last, four months before her fatal
fall from a seventh-floor window of the
Waldorf-Astoria in New York. But the
persons who were aware of the fact
sealed their lips and the existence of
another will was never definitely
known.
While the-, news of a prior will is
startling, it can have no effect disad
vantageous to the will It is now sought
to probate. Douglas Sloane Watson,
husband of the relative who was de
prived of approximately 5500,000. wit
nessed the execution of the last testa
ment, wherein Miss Dolbeer ignored his
wife and transferred the bulk of her
estate to Miss Warren.
The Watsons have ample means, are
high-minded people and the action of
Douglas Sloane Watson in acting the
part of witness to the instrument in
which Miss Dolbeer displayed a radical
change of purpose -indicates that he ac
quiesced in the new disposition of the
estate. His brother, Arthur B. Watson,
was the other witness. They could
have entertained no such question - of
Miss Dolbeer's mental condition at the
time as is raised by Adolph Echander,
the uncle whose contest ' of the will ; is
now on trial.
The Watson family had no complaint
to make against the large bequest to
Miss Warren, though the most I of it
was taken from what had originally
been intended as Mrs. Watson's share.
They , deemed It right that ' Miss Dol
beer should distribute her wealth as
she saw fit. That the .Watson brothers
attested to the genuineness of the sig
nature of Miss Dolbeer's second will is
"American art amounts to a deal
more than most Americans themselves
appreciate. One object of our proposed
exhibition «s by eliciting the opinions
of good judges here to awaken our own
people to a recognition of the fact that
we have progressed in some respects
beyond the European schools and have
etruck out for ourselves on distinctive
ly American and original lines."
Snell and his wife, who is also a tal
ented artist, have > been spending the.
summer in Cornwall, and when they
return to New York will take with
them many studies of the picturesque
Bcenery of that region. One of Snell's
companions during his sojourn was Tol
man, head of the Providence Art
School.
"If we hold an exhibition here, and at
r repent I see no obstacle in the way of
satisfactory arrangements being effect
ed," said Snel!. "I am certain that Eng
lish critics and artists will be surprised
at what we have accomplished in add
ing to thp range of effects attainable
by a medium whose limitations have
heretofore been regarded as definitely
fixed. We shall show them pictures
that, without much evidence before
them, they would believe it would be
Impossible to paint with water colors
alone.
LONDON. Nov. 5.— It is probable that
London will this winter be treated to
an exhibition of water colors by Ameri
can artists. Henry B. Snell, president
of the flTew York Water Color Club,
under whose auspices it is proposed
that the exhibition shall be held, is now
here making arrangements for the leas
ing of a suitable gallery for the pur
pose. Snell has popularized in America
a method of water color painting which
is almost unknown here. Its chief dis
tinctive feature consists in the employ
ment of stiff brittle brushes in place of
the soft sable kind used by English
water color artists. Specially prepared
paper is used, and the color is laid on
with little moisture. Bold arid vigor
ous effects are obtained, which are
commonly found only in oil paintings,
and are in striking contrast to the soft,
conventional treatment which charac
terizes the English school.
Seen on the steamer before he came
ashore. Me Wade said there was ab
solutely no truth in the charges. He
was reluctant to discuss the matter be
fore reporting to Washington, but he
said the charges were trumped up' by
certain persons whom he had occasion
to have before him. They went over
to the British , possessions and for
warded the charges from there. On
learning of it. the American colony and
missionaries sent. reports to Washing
ton approving the course of Consul
General McWade-'fMcWade has been
in China for five. years and was pro
moted -for merit: '|He Is very bitter
against the ! people^ who made the
charges against" him, i
TACOMA, Nov. 6.— Robert Me Wade,
United States Consul General at Can
ton, China, was among the passengers
arriving this afternoon on the steam
ship Tremont from the Orient. He is
on his way to Washington, D. C., to
answer charges of malfeasance i'n of
fice.
YOUNG WOMAN WHO LOSES *."00.-
O0O BECAUSE BERTHA DOLBEER
CHANGED HER MIND.
Exhibition of Water Colors
to I5e Made This Winter
in the English Metropolis
Consul McWade Back From
China to Answer Accusa
tions Made Against Him
Mr. Redding was cordially received.
In part he said:
"Ladies and gentlemen, fellow parti
sans and, I trust, a few Democrats—
I call now for the Democrats, because
I know that after Tuesday the Demo
crats will be scarcer than Japanese
torpedo-boats in the English Channel.
After that eventful day I look to find
a stuffed figure in the park museum
labeled 'Democratus . simplex.* And I
want 'you to help me establish the cor
rectness of my prediction.
v "That ; we should help to scatter our
Democratic - friends is a - duty. Three
hundred and , twenty-five years ago ..' a
ship dropped anchor in a harbor of
California, ,'a nameless land then, and
later the admiral of the fleet, who was
Drake himself ,">• filed a report with his
Government,! that, of England, that he
had hastened away from this land that
as far as the eye could reach was bar-
Joseph D. Redding, lawyer and club
man, delivered a speech on behalf of
the Republican party and its candi
dates at the Alhambra Theater last
night that was out of the rut. Emerg
ing as it did from the maze of tariff
and financial theories that have been
hurled right and left for the last few
weeks it was refreshing. And the audi
ence — a large one — demonstrated its ap
preciation by frequent cheers and out
bursts of applause.
Julius Kahn, Republican candidate
for Congress in the Fourth District,
was chairman' of the evening. He was
introduced by General George Stone,
chairman of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee. Prior to introducing
Mr. Kahn, General Stone made an in
teresting prediction. "I predict," he
said, "that California will send a solid
Congressional delegation to Washing
ton, that we will have an almost unan
imous Legislature- and that we will
carry California for Roosevelt by a
plurality of 60,000." The prediction
roused great enthusiasm.
"I am here to-night to introduce to
you a man.. that has traveled 3300 miles
to get home to vote," said Julius Kahn
in introducing Mr. Redding to the audi
ence. *'That is. a pretty good kind of
a Republican and a pretty good kind
of Californlan. I'm sorry he does
not live in my district, because I know
that if he did he would vote for me
with the rest of the ticket, but I have
the satisfaction of knowing that as a
resident of the Fifth District he will
help swell the majority that will place
my colleague on the ticket, E. A.
Hayes, in office."
MAKES A PREDICTION.
Judge Melvin was heartily applauded
at the conclusion of his speech. After
three rousing cheers for the Republican
leaders .the meeting broke up.
The speaker then compared the trade,
conditions and the workingman's wel
fare during the Democratic and Repub
lican administrations. He quoted sta
tistics showing the increase in savings
bank deposits during the Republican
regime. He deprecated the Democratic
attempts to stir up sectional animosity
for political purposes and urged Re
publicans to vote solidly to keep the
Democratic leader on the farm at Ea«*
pus.
He ended with a glorious tribute t»
the Republican candidates, California
and the nation.
TRADE CONDITION'S.
"The next speaker, ladies and gentle
men, comes from a county that can al
ways be relied on to give the nation a
good Republican vote. He Is conver
sant with the conditions over there,
and I take pleasure In introducing
Judge Henry S. Melvin of Oakland."
Judge Melvin first spoke of hla re
semblance to E. Myron Wolf, and re
gretted that the Commissioner was un
able to speak.
He said he regretted that Judge Par
ker lost his head in the^Jast few days
of the campaign and descended from
the highly personal esteem Republicans
formerly felt for him. He referred to
the President's letter and said that it
gave the nation an excellent idea of the
man. . The speaker, next attacked the
policies and promises of the Democrats
and the ambiguous statements of Judge
Parker on so-called militarism and im
perialism.
On the question of protection he'
quoted Parker's letter, in which th»
Democratic candidate for President
said that he believed the tariff should
be gradually changed. Judge Melvin
showed the inconsistency of the state
ment by asking if the voters would
care to have laws passed for the grad
ual suppression of crime and the occa
sional punishment of crlmina.s.
ance Commissioner E. Myron Wolf,
who was suffering from a severe cold.
In introducing Judge Melvin, Chair
man Kahn said: *.V-?'
Montana to Elect a Senator.
BUTTE. Mont., Nov. 6. — With the
close of the~ Presidential campaign in
Montana the- various parties In the
field are devoting their energies to
Silver Bow County,, the stronghold of
the Democracy. The coming Legisla
ture will name a United States'Sen
ator to succeed Paris Gibson.
Judge Henry S. Melvirt of Oakland
was next Introduced by Chairman
Kahn. He' sx>oke in place of Insur-
"The character of Mr. Roosevelt
may be best determined by the opin
ion of foreign diplomats and rulers
whose duty it is to study the leaders
of the nations, and nowhere in Europe
are words spoken of Roosevelt except
in commendation of his character and
genius. And a. man may also be
judged by the character of the com
pany he keeps. Look at the men
that surround President Roosevelt.
No man in the world's history has so
adroitly made himself the master of
the diplomats- of the powers as has
Mr. Hay. And in Elihu Root we have
another of the great men the Presi
dent has surrounded himself with- \ I
will say that, in my opinion, the next
fifty years will see no such timber as
that from which Mr. Roosevelt has
drawn to make up his Cabinet. His
judgment of great men determines his
own greatness."
JUDGE MELVIN* SPEAKS.
Mr. Redding next paid a splendid
tribute to President Roosevelt, whom
he has known since childhood, and
told of how he boxed with Roosevelt
once and how Roosevelt hit him a
"wallop that made him see more stars
in a second than he could see at the
Orpheum in a week." As to imperial
ism, he said he was damned If he
knew what it meant unless it meant
the acquisition of territory, which
policy the Democrats first Inaugurated
by the Luisiana purchase during the
adminstration of Jefferson. In con
clusion, Mr. Redding said:
TRIBUTE TO ROOSEVELT.
ren and forbidding. He had heard
that there were stretches of green be
yond the hills that lined the coast and
that gold existed far in the interior.
But he did not believe the tale and,
unfurling his sails, turned the prows
of his ships homeward.
."About a year and a half ago an
other man was here. He, too, made a
report upon what he saw. He said he
had found two million people living In
a higher plane of prosperity than any
other similar number on the face of
the clobe. He said he had found a
new empire, a land that faced the
Western sea, and that was destined to
dominate the commerce of the globe.
This man, my friends, was Theodore
Roosevelt. Stand by this man that
knows you and knows your needs. It
is your duty to yourselves and to the
great State we are all so proud of."
JOSEPH D. REDDING WHO ADDRESSED A LARGE MASS-MEETING AT THE ALHAMBRA THEATER LAST EVE-
N1NG ON BEHALF OF THE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES. DWELLING AT LENGTH ON THE PERSONALITY OF
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT, WHOM HE HAS KNOWN FOR MANY YEARS.
DENIES TROTH
OF THE CHARGES
LONDON TO SEE
AMERICAN ART
The use of forty Standard voting
machines at next Tuesday's election
will not be interfered with by the suit
brought by E. T. Harvey in the inter
est of a rival device, to prevent the
Board of Election Commissioners and
other city authorities from accepting
and paying for the machines under
the contract. Judge Sloss yesterday
sustained the demurrer of the defend
ants to the complaint, giving the
plaintiff ten days in which to amend.
The order to show cause why an in
junction should not issue was dis
charged. In the brief of Reed & Nus
baumer for the plaintiff the' question
of accepting the machines was not
mentioned and it was presumed that
that part of the action was aban
doned.
According to the brief of John S.
Partridge for the defense the action
remaining was one by which a tax
payer sought to enjoin the Supervisors
from passing a demand under a con
tract for payment for goods in ad
vance of their acceptance and before
any demand had ever been presented.
It had been demonstrated, said the
brief, that such a writ would not lie.
The Supervisors had undoubted pow
er to order payment for voting ma
chines. Having this power, , it was
for them to determine whether the
machines were up to the specifications
and comply with the requirements of
the statute. Certainly, said" Partridge,
the court will not presume in advance
that the Supervisors are going to vio
late their oath of office and accept
machines not up; to the contract. If
the plaintiff's rule were adopted every
disappointed bidder would seek to en
join the board from paying for sup
plies and compel the court to take
testimony as to the character of those
supplies.
The plaintiff's attorneys argued that
the law was violated in that the ma
chines did not perform certain acts
required by the law and that as the
question went directly to the consti
tutionality of the law. the court alone
had "jurisdiction.
Action to Stop Payment for
Mechanical Voting Device
Not Sustained by Court
MACHINE SUIT
KNOCKED OUT
NO EFFECT ON CONTEST OTHER THAN TO AID PROPONENTS
Mrs. Watson Is Poorer by Half a Million Because Miss Do/beer
Changed Her Mind in Favor of Miss Etta Warren.
Of the hold-over State Sen
ators the Democrats have only
five, and General Stone figures
that only two Democratic can
didates for the upper house will
be elected. The election of six
ty-seven Republican Assembly;
men is predicted. According to
this calculation the next Legis
lature will stand:
SENATEj ASSEMBLY.
Republicans. .33 Republicans. .67
Democrats 7 Democrats 13
THE State will give Roose
velt from 50,000 to 55,
000.
The Republicans will
elect all their candidates for
-.Congress.
They will elect all candidates
for Senator with the possible
exception of two.
They will elect Assemblymen
in the* following districts:
First. Fifty-third.
Second. Fifty-fourth.
Third. Fifty-fifth.
Fourth. Fifty-sixth.
Fifth. Fifty-seventh.
Sixth. Fifty-eighth.
Seventh. Sixty-third.
Ninth. Sixty-fourth.
Tenth. Sixty-fifth.
Eleventh. All In Los Angc
Twelfth. Ics County.
Thirteenth. Seventy-sixth.
Fourteenth. Seventy-seventh.
Fifteenth; Seventy-eighth.
Seventecth: Seventy-ninth.
Eighteenth! Eightieth.
Nineteenth. Eleven in San
Twentieth. Francisco.
Twenty-first. Fifty-ninth.
Twenty-second. Sixtieth.
Twenty-third. Sixty-first.
Twenty-fourth. Sixty-second.
All in Alamcda.
GEORGE STOXE.
Chairman Republican State Cen
tral Committee.
LUST WILL COSTLY FOR HER COUSIN
STONE EXPECTS
REPUBLICANS TO
SWEEP STATE
Pages 37 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
' - J^gr-iea K _'"- -y«^f»
SPLENDID RALLY HOLD AT ALHAMBRA THEATER WHERE ORATORS ADDRESS CHEERING HOSTS OF REPUBLICANS
Joseph D. Redding and Judge IVflelvin
of Oakland Discuss Personality of
Roosevelt and Pay Him Full Tribute
Pages 37 to 48first downs and was penalized twice for
Harvard rushed » 66 times for 163
yards, kicked five "times for 155 yards,
had 20 first downs and was penalized
six times for 30 yards.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Nov. 5.— Yale
closed her practice schedule of football
games this afternoon by defeating
Brown 22 to 0, the score being three
touchdowns, with, goals, and a goal.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 5.—Pennsyl
vania 22, La Fayette 0.
LINCOLN. Neb.; Nov. 5.— Nebraska
17, Iowa 6.
MADISON,' Nov. 5.— Wisconsin . 36,
Belolt 0. |
COLUMBUS, Nov. 5.— Illinois , 46,
Ohio State University. 0. .
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— Chicago 68,
Texas 0. . '
PRINCETON TIGERS CONQUER
STURDY WEST POINT ELEVEN
BOWLING GREEN ATTRACTS
CROWD OP ENTHUSIASTS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 5.—
Stanford, 57; Utah Agricultural Col
lege, 0. Eight hundred college men and
women came out to-day to see the last,
preliminary game . of football. The
score would seem to indicate that they
saw a fine, fast game, but such is far
from the truth. Utah proved an un
worthy foe. Had the university men
played the kind of ball they should be
playing at this end of the season the
score would have been above the hun
dred mark. The Utah " men, though
playing.a hard, gritty game, were not
only, unable to advance the ball, but
their ltne did not hold against the furi
ous onslaught of the faster Stanford
backs. They were unable to punt and
were downed in their tracks on Stan
ford's kicks with a regularity that soon
became a steady habit. Though great,
broad-shouldered fellows, they have yet
to learn the meaning of team work, of
line bucking, of punting and of end
runs. A scrub team of preparatory
youths could have beaten them by a
larger score. This explains a
slight feeling of gloom hangs over the
campus to-night. After the Oregon
game the university men were jubilant,
but to-day's contest leaves an unpleas
ant feeling of uncertainty.
STANFORD'S PLAY IS RAGGED.
The varsity's, work was undeniably
ragged. It was hard: it was fairly
rapid; but at times, instead of there
being two teams in the field there were
twenty-two men and the scrimmage
looked like a class rush. This lack of
team work may prove the weak link in
Stanford's armor. The interference
there was little or none of it, and to
the fast ball carriers themselves must
be given almost the entire qredit for
the victory. An end run or two was
tried occasionally for sake of variety,
but straight line bucking and tackle
plays were the great gain gainers. , The
quarter-back run was tried twicej once
for loss and once for a good gain. S
The pleasant feature of the game was
the lack of fumbling among the cardi
nal players. Weller was the only of
fender. The cardinal ends played in
good shape, and Utah could not gain
around them. The Mormons' few yard9
gain were made through the Stanford
guards. Stanford made ten touch-
Beats the One to Four Choice Reser
vation at Latonla.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 5. — The Club
Members' handicap at two miles and
a quater was the feature at Latonla
to-day. It was won by Neversnch.
Reservation, the 1 to A favorite, fin
ished second, being beaten a length.
Three favorites, two second choices
and an outsider won. The track was
fast. Summary:
First race, one mil*— Olgantlo iroo, Banta
Lucia second. Dod Anderson third. Time
1:41H.
Second race, six fartonrs — Golden Enamel
won, Kurtzmann second. Scotch. Irish third.
Third race. CInb Members* Handicap two
and a quarter mil»» — Neversuch won. Reserva
tion second. Curate third. Time 3:53%.
Fourth rare, seven furlongs — Estrada Palma
won. The- Regent second. Sir Gallant third.
Time l:27Vi.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth mll«» —
Schoolmate won. R?qu!ter second. Marry Pio
neer tUlrd. Time 1:48.
Sixth r»c«. flv» furlong*— Mon«t won, Ec!a
second. Herlld third. T1m> 1:01ft.
Boxer Frankie Neil Home Again.
Boxer Frankie Neil, who made a
triumphal sweep of the boys in his
class in the Hast, only to lose his
hard earned title to Bowker. the
English champion, returned to this
city yesterday. He Is still disappoint
ed over the outcome of his bout In
England.
No tournament matches . were
played by the Scottish bowlers yes
terday in Golden Gate Park. The at
tendance on the green was rather
lighter than usual on Saturday after
noon. Several good foursomes were
played, the best of which was that in
which G. C. Patterson and J. W. El
der defeated John T. Dare and J.
Stott. The former won by the close
score of 21 to 18. Another close
match was that in which H. L. Tick
ner and A. A. McVicar beat J. C.
Moffatt and J. H. Black. The score
was 21 to 17.
J. Reid and Andrew Wilkie beat
Dr. Gunn and T. Millar; 21 to 13, and
James Gray and M. L. Crowe beat
Joseph Gray and J. McLachlan, 21 to
14.
HANDICAP FOR NEVERSUOH.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs: purse; maidens;
two-year-otda:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
Even— Blucher. 110 (Redfern).. 1 22 14
S to 1— Sup. Court. 107 (Gannon) 2 1% 21
lOotol — Red Ruler. 110 (Walsh). 551 3h
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner J. R. Keene's b. or br. c. by Klngs
tcn-Falry Slipper. Ken, Courier, Chimney
Sweep. Yorkshire Lad. Bill Bailey II. Bella
Siirnora. Only One. Ismaillan. Blu« Pigeon.
Grand Duchess. Saladin, Salt and Pepper,
finished as named.
Time 1:5* 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, L. V. Bell's b. g. by St. Gatlen-Tur
tnoil. Persistence II, Dekaber. finished as
named. ¦¦
FIFTH RACE^ — One and an eighth miles;
handicap; all ases:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
3 to 2— Grenada. 12U (Gannon) . . 4 2b 12
3 to 1— Cloverland. 113 (Red fern) 15 2 2
II to 5— Lord Badge. IIS (Crimna) 3 3 2 3 h
Before the largest attendance ever
gathered to witness an Academic Ath
letic League football game the Lick
eleven won the championship from
Oakland High School yesterday on the
Presidio grounds. The game was a
hard-fought one from start to finish.
The Lick men found their opponents
much stronger than they anticipated.
Neither side scored. in the first half,
but in the second half Lick carried the
hall over Oakland's, goal .line twice.
Moullen kicked the first goal but missed
the second. The final score was: Lick
11, Oakland 0.
It was a slow game and not an inter
esting one to witness. Lick was in
much better condition, than Oakland,
and toward the end of the game the
boys from across the bay put up a
ragged defense. In the first half Oak
land more than held its own. Coach
Cavanaugh'g' shift play, which was
worked so successfully against Palo
Alto, failed utterly yesterday. Coach
Bishop of Oakland taught his men how
to stoi> this play, and they did it eveiy
time Lick tried it. Oakland had a slight
advantage in the first hulf, but neither
side came close to scoring. Oakland
tried. a field goal from the twenty-yard
line, but the ball was passed badly.
The feature In this half was a thirty
yard run by "Chick" O'Connor, Lick's
left end.
The Lick eleven went into the sec
ond half realizing that it would require
its best efforts to score a single touch
down. The Mission boys hit their gait
soon after the commencement of the
second half, and from then until the
end of the game everything went Lick'3
way. Thev got the ball on their own
thirty-yard line, and by bucking three,
five and ten yards at a time carried tht
ball over the ltne for a touchdown. The
pace told on the Oakland boys, and
after each down time had to be taken
out for, them. Snell and Merritt hit the
right side of the Oakland line hard and
often and always for a good gnln. Snell
hurdled the line and scored the first
touchdown. Moullen kicked the - goal.
Score. 6-0. . :>7
After the first score Lick seemed sat
isfied and the game 'resolved itself into
a punting duel. Lick had a decided ad
vantage in kicking, but Oakland
handled kicks much better than their
opponents. After several- exchanges
Lick secured the hall on Oakland's
forty-yard line and again commenced
hammering the right side of Oakland's
line. Lick's backs were fierce and tore
through the fast weakening Oakland
line almost at will. Snell. Lick's f ull :
l/ack, was reckless " during the second
half and was the chief ground gainer.
Hall, who took Seminario'a place at
left lna.lt. carried the ball over the line
for the second touchdown., He went be
tween tackle and guard for three yards.
Moullen missed the goal. -Score, 11-0.
The last touchdown was made two min
utes before the game ended.
The winning team will play the Los
Angeles High School for the champion
ship of the State. The teams lined up
as follows:
Lick. * i Position. Oakland
O'Connor. Schmidt L — E— R •.. 8pangler
¦ ' Cushman
Main......./...... !-¦ — T — R.... Becker
Moullen... L. — G — R Langen
Hotchklss (c.K Center .Bramhall (c.)
Keenan R — G— L. ...:.:..... Davis
White .....:....... R— T— L.- Doxler
Deacon... R—E—L. ;....... Malcolm
Golcher. ¦ Diet*: .... Quarter. . ...:;. Ghlradelll
&;mlnarlo. Hall . . . L— H— R • • Jacobus
M<"rritt ............ It— H — L. ........ Jackson
Sn*ll .-.".: Fullback. . . : Livingston
Umpire, and refere* — "Pete"- Smith and
"Billy" Reid.- Score— Lick .11, Oakland 0.
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Bay View
hardica?; all ages:
Betting. Hors«. Weight, Jockey. 8t. *i Fin.
7 to 2d— Israelite. 103 (Schilling). . 2 2 1 " i 3
5 to 2 — Ascension. Ill (Hildebnd) 112 2
Time, 1 :2»5. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner. J. R. Keene's ch. c. by Isldor-Starltght.
Two starters. ; - *; ¦-'";.;¦
"Chick" O'Connor Makes
Sensational Rao.
they held for downs. Friezell kicked
outside for a ten-yard gain. On the
first scrimmage Lasater bucked
through Nevada's line for a touch
down. Force missed the goal.
California kicked off forty-five
yards and Friezell punted back
to^ center. Snedigar came back
twenty-five yards before he could
he stopped. The home team car
ried the ball up the field to within
three yards of the opponents' goal and
fumbled. 1. Hart fell on the pigskin
and Friezell punted thrity-nve yards.
Lasater, Meade and Snedigar were
good for from five to eight yards apiece
on every play and the first named was
finally sent through for his second
touchdown. J>asater, incidentally, is a
much niora consistent ground gainer
than big "Jim" Weller of Stanford.
Force succeeded in kicking the second
goal. - _¦;
CALJFORXIA IS PENALIZED.
After The third kickoff California got
the ball right on top of the visitors'
goal and was then penalized for hold
ing. Force missed a try at a field goal
and Friezell ma.de* a free, kick back to
center. The blue and gold players
then pushed the leather through for the
third touchdown, making one fumble
on the way. Force missed the goal and
the half ended.
California started a second team in
th* last half. : The men were like ice
wagons two-thirds of the time. The
line of scrimmage wandered back and
forth and ueither goal waa in any very
great danger. Kitrelle and Friezell
each missed attempts at ileld goals. It
was in this half that the sagebrush star
skirted California's right end from his
own twenty-five ya'rd line to that of the
home team. Shortly afterward he
made a thirty-yard run on the other
end. Ke was in every scrimmage and
frequently hurdled the line oh the de
fensive to stop center plays. The game
ended with the ball in Nevada's pos
session on her own fifteen-yard line.
Coach Short of the* visitors said he
thought Ciilifornia was speedier than
Stanford, but that the cardinal show
ed better team -work.
The line-up follows:
California. Positions. Nevada.
Howard. Kitrelle. . L— £>— R Standerwlck,
Westall
Heitmuller I*— T— R C. Hart
Gray, O'Toole Li — G — R Menke
Stroud, Haffey..... Center.. Hamlin. Husstnan
Stern, Kerr R — G — L. Smith,' Chlfam
Force Foster R — T — L A. Steckle,
Freeman
Elliott. Oliver. Hen
ry. Coogan R— E — L... .<*.". Knox
Eoothe. Belknap,** -
Whitman Quarter Jones, Parker
Mt-ada, Evans Right Half Frieull
Snedigar. White... Left Half I. Hart
Lasater, Sperry » - ¦
fSoymon Fullback -Klein
Referee. ' Hamilton; umpire, Oliver; timers.
Brown and Lf*ivltt. • Halves — 23 minutes.
Score— California Hi, Nevada 0.
downs and kicked eight goals.
Stanford kicked off to Utah at the
sound of the whistle, but recovered the
ball a moment later, when the Mor
mons were forced to kick after two un
successful attempts to gaip through
the cardinal line. With the pigskin on
the Utahs' thirty-yard line Weller
charged through center for ten yards.
Chalmers followed with eight more,
and then Dole surged outside right
tackle for the first touchdown after
only two minutes of play. Smith at
once kicked the goal. After that touch
downs came fast and furious. Utah's
men, being unable to once* make her
downs, were forced to kick whenever
the hall was in their possession. The ,
fast Stanford backs tore through their
weak line and outside their tackles for
long gains. Chalmers waa the particu
; lar cardinal star and he made the sec
ond touchdown in ten minutes. The
team lined up:
Stanford. Position. Utah.
Clark. Butterfleld. L — E — It Kadlita
Sl-rott V L— T — R Mortenson
Van Sickle,
Thompson L— G— R Matsen
Hyde Center Ptteraea
Koosevelt. •' .-./ .-' : %
Monzincro R — G — L, Nelsen
Shields R—T— U...Madsen (capt.)
Smith. Preston.
West. Stanford.. R — E — L. Roberta
Bansbach. Stott. .. Quarter S. Hansen
Dole. Trowbridge.. L — H-*-R WangshanX
Chalmers. Brennan R — H — L. Jardine. Rich
Weller, Bogle Fullback. . .Egbert. Hansen
Referee — Professor C. L. Lowers. Umpire —
R. J. McFadden. Timekeepers — M. J. Bartell
and Major Collins.
The blue and gold football team de- J
feated Friezell of Nevada at Berkeley
yesterday by a score of 16 to 0 in Cali- j
fornia's last practice game of the sea
son. To be sure, there were other Sage
brushers in the visiting squad, but they
did not offer much opposition to the on
slaughts of the home eleven's backs
nor carry the ball beyond the line of
scrimmage on the offensive. The tow
headed child of the desert was in a
class by himself, and his work yester
day won for him a niche in the temple
of fame to be dedicated to football he
roes. His sixty-yard run around the op
posing right end on a fake kick was the
most spectacular feature of the con
test. Ke also made many other brilliant
plays, which were not so readily dis
cernible from the bleachers.
AfThe next interesting feature of yes
terday's game was the discovery that |
the men who have been circulating the
rumor that the blue and gold squad
had gone stale have a painful disregard *
of the value and sentimental beauty of j
truth as she is generally known. Dur- 1
ing the first half the home team was j
speedier and more spirited than at any.j
time before this season. The second
eleven, which took the field after the in
termission, was slow, but none of the :
twenty-ttve men on the field showed the j
apathy which is characteristic of stale
ness.
California tried some new formations j
and plays, and most of them j
admirably. Booth did surprisngly well
at quarter and probably earned for
himself the opportunity to get into the .
championship contest. The interference
was better than heretofore this season, j
and there were sporadic cases of team
play. Coach Hopper might save his pu
pils from defeat next Saturday by find
ing some man to kick goals. Force has
thus far carefully kept concealed any j
ability he may have in that direction.
PLAYEiiS ARE IXJURED.
Booth put Smith of Nevada out of the
game. When the two men came togeth
er head-on the attendants went out to
pick ur> the remains of the little chap,
and the crowd could hardly repress its
amusement when it was learned that
the bis fellow was the injured man.
Jones of the visitors had his wrist
sprained or broken, and Hamlin, also
from across the border, had his hip put
out of joint. There was little willful
roughness in the game, but those Cali
fornia backs hit the line like a ton of
brick and something had to give way.
The- three touchdowns were all made
in the first'half. California kicked off
and when Nevada had worked the ball
back to center, one of her men fumbled.
Howard fell on the ball. The blue and
gold eleven hammered the visitors
back to their three-yard line where
Visitors Are Unable to Withstand Onslaught of
Stanford Men, the Score Being 57 to 0. .
Eieven Shows No Signs of Staleness, Defeating
Nevada Handily by Score of 16 to 0.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs ; two-year
olds; selllnz:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. 8t %. Fin.
7 to 2 — Danseuse. 94 (Sperling).. 1 12 1ft
60 to 1— Esterre. M (Schilling) 2 SH2H
7 to 2— Belligerent. 101 (Travers) 3 4 h 3 h
Time, :5» 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. W. Eastern's b. f. by Sir Modred-Paa
Seul. Dazzle, fancy Dress. Lang Dolan. Ot
sego, Nellie Russell. Highborn, Foxy. Appland,
I'ncas, Ralbert, Bert Arthur and White Stone
finished aa named.
CARDINAL DEFEATS UTAH
CALIFORNIA IN FINE FORM
NO SCORE IN FIRST HALF
High School Elevens Are
Evenly Matched.
SECOND RACE— One mila; thre«-y«af-old»
and ud; selling : .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
IStoB— Kickshaw. 97 (Crtmmlns) 1 1J 12
5 to 1— South Trlmble.lOti (Mrtln) 2 2 1%2 4
4tol — Akela. 102 (Hlldebrand)lO 8 1 3 b
Time, 1 :40 3-8. Start bad. "Won handily. 'Win
ner. A. Simons' b. g. by Ornament- Eixarra. ¦
Topic. Homestead. Prince Salm Salm. Out «f
Reach. Brigand. Simple, Charter, Briartaorpe,
Ethics and AUrlght finished aa earned.
There was Another sensation as As
cension made' a wide turn into the
stretch, but the race did not depend
upon the ground she lost at that time,
as Israelite came up on the inside, re
sponding well to* a hard ride on the
part of Schilling. At the last furlong
pole Ascension gave evidence of having
had enough. Israelite passed her with
in the last hundred yards and won
easily. The time of the race, 1:26, be
comes the best Aqueduct track record
at seven furlongs. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three- year-olde and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 2— Invincible. 108 (Schilling) 1 1% lift
S to 1 — Emergency. 102 (Crmins) 6 2 2 2 %
14 to 5— Right &True,108 (Trvers) 6 3 ft 3 2
Time, l:2O. Start good. Won cleverly. Win
ner, Albemarle stables" ch. c, by Hlmyar-
Bracelet Astarita, Counterpoise, Pat Bulger,
Et tu Brute and Hakem finished a* named.
AQUEDUCT, Nov. 5.— Israelite and
Ascension were the only starters in the
Euyview handicap to-day. Mr. Keene's
colt opened at 2 to 5 in the betting and
was backed .down to 7 to 20. Those who
bet on him experienced a fright, for
the c:>lt got tangled up and Ascension
shot away from him in the first hun
dred yards. When the odda-on favorite
reallr settled down into his stride it
was apparent he held his opponent
safe, for he gradually reduced her
lead. • '¦¦-•> ¦ '.
The officials of. the California .Polo.
and Pony Racing Association held their
annual meeting some days- since and
made ambitious plans, which should re
sult in the marked development 'of the
higrh-class sports they foster. The most'
important step in this, direction was
taken when Robert L^ighton of Van
couver. B. C. was engaged as perma
nent secretary. Mr. Leigh ton ' is '. a
genius in this line, there being. no. more
competent racing secretary in all
America. He has been secretary of the
ICorth Pacific Fair Association, for the
last three years, but from now on he
Tvill devote his whole time and atten
tion to the association's interests, as it
is the intention to hold polo tourna
ments and race meetings at frequent
intervals, not only in ' San "Francisco,
but in various portions of the State.
Rudolph Spreckels. who is an enthu
siast on pony racing, has been elected
president. The other officials "are:
Charles W. Clark, first vice president;
Francis J. Carolan, second vice presi
dent; R. M. Tobin, treasurer. The di
rectors for the year will be Thomas A.
Driscoll. Lawrence McCreery, Charles
W. Clark, F. J. Carolan, Rudolph
Spreckels, R. M. Tobin. W. E. Pedley.
John Parrott and R. Cameron Rogers.
Messrs. Spreckels, Carolan, Clark,
Pedley and Walter Hobart will form
the racing committee, while Messrs.
Driscoll, R. M. Tobin, McCreery, Praed
and Rogers will serve in a like capacity
for the polo interests.
It had been planned to bold a polo
toumamenf and race meeting during
Thanksgiving week at Del Monte, but
as satisfactory arrangements could not
be made the venue had to be changed.
Charles "W. Clark then kindly placed
his private racecourse and polo field at
San Mateo at the association's dis
posal, which offer was gladly accepted.
Mr. Clark is having extensive improve
ments effected, and on account of its
convenient proximity to the city a large
patronage is assured. The dates will be
from the 23d to the 2Sth inst., the races
being scheduled for Thanksgiving day
and for Saturday, the 26th. A large ;
number of ponies have been in train
ing for some time past and good racing
is assured. The offices of the associa
tion are room 21, 421 Market street, and
the secretary will be pleased to afford
all information to intending members.
Mr. Spreckels has a string of ten
ponies in training. Walter S. Hobart
has five, F. J. Carolan five, Charles W.
Clark five, Lawrence McCreery three
and there are others in various stables.
The Southern California owners will,
as usual, send up strong strings.
There will be a match game of polo
to-day on the club field at Burlingame.
No admission is exacted, spectators be
ing welcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Sportsmen Arrange Several)
to Be Held inj
Various Parts of State
Israelite's Backers Have a ,
Scare When Ascension Is
Leading Heavy Favorite
RACING PONIES
IN COMPETITION
STARTS BADLY
BUT WINS RACE
LICK DEFEATS OAKLAND IN HARD-FOUGHT FOOTBALL GAME
LICK 11, OAKLAND 0 FOOTBALL CALIFORNIA 16, NEVADA 0
TIGERS 12, CADETS 6 STANFORD 57, UTAH 0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
(Photo by E. A. Rogers.)
?CHICK" O'CONNOR, LICK'S LEFT END, WITH THE BALL STARTING IUS SENSATIONAL THIRTY- YARD RUN OUTSIDE TACKLE ON A TRICK PLAY.
LAWRENCE. . Kans., ' Nov. 5.—Uni
versity of Kansas 24, Notre Dame 5.^
SEATTLE, Nov. 6.— Washington 12,
Idaho 10. - .;;¦/,
ANN ARBOR, Nov. 6.— University of
Michigan' 36, Drake, 4. . , .
. CLEVELAND,. Nov. 5.--Case School
21, Ohio Medical College 10. ' ......
\ : } LAFAYETTE, Ind., Nov. 5.— Purdue
34, Indiana Medical College 5.
CHICAGO, Nov. 97,
Oshkosh 0. tmtlift'ffWWiffifl
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 5.—Har
vard and Dartmouth fought without
score to-day- with the honors of the
game slightly in favor of Dartmouth.
Both teams put up a strong defense.
Harvard reached Dartmouth's nine
yard line and lost the ball on downs,
and Dartmouth met the same fate on
Harvard's 18-yard line. It was a rush
ing game, with spectacular end runs
and little kicking. Dartmouth rushed
fifty-six times for 164 yards, kicked
three times for 108 yards and had 18
WEST POINT, N. Y., Nov. 5.— In one
of the fiercest games of football ever
seen on the gridiron Princeton to-day
defeated the West Point cadets, 12 to 6.
ITHACA, If. Y.. Nov. 5.— After Cor
nell had easily scored 50 points against
Lehigh this afternoon the visitors made
a touchdown in the last few minutes of
play, making the final score 50 to 5.
The game was played in a drizzling
rain and on a muddy field. ;.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 5.—Pennsyl
vania defeated Lafayette at football
with the score of 22 to 0. All of the
points were scored in the opening half,
after the visitors had spent their'en
ergy. . .
38
APVERTISE3CENTS.
I SAY I
CURB
-A.3STJD I DO
CURB
DE. O. C. JOSZ.EV.
The Lea-ding Specialist. !
TO WZAK BQBXT.
A thorough understanding as to ths
nature of an ailment i* thf first essen-
tial in lt» successful treatment- Be-
cause this firet essential has been
lackirur tho*<> functional derangements
commonly known a* "weakness" have
never lw-»-ri pcrmtnently overcome by
the methods <-r>mmonly employed among
physicians. "Weakness" is not a ner-
vous disorder demanding a tonic sys-
tem of treatment, but is merely a
ejrnptojB of chronic inflammation or
congestion in the prostate gland. This
condition exlsto as a result of early
elimination or some improperly treated .
contracted disorder, and requires care-
fully directed local measures only. Un-
der roy treatment all perts of the or-
ganic syFteir. are quickly restorrd to a
normal st&te. which results in full er«t
complete return of strength and vigor.
I i My Fees Are Fair and You j
I; Can PAY WHEN CUBED
X core with ttsvurrlnar success
Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele, Sis-
eases of the Prostate Gland. Us-
natural Losses, Stricture, Conta-
gions Blood Poison and all Dis-
eases Common to Ken.
Consultation, advice. Interesting pam-
. phlet. "Live All Tour Life a Man,"
• nd colored chart of organs, all fre«.
rithtr at office or by mail. Home treat-
ment is always certain and satisfactory.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEIM
Corner Market and Kearny sts.
Private entrance. 702 Market et.
¦ 1 t
Hourt— Week day"?, » a. m. to 8:."0
p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.
. BUY A HOME NOW/
AND BETTER YOUR FUTURE
Choice offers for your consid-
eration In to-day's REALTY
COLUMNS of THE CALL.
y^^^?* / Gentlemen : — I wrote you some time I contracted Catarrh and suffered to \^^6fe^jffly
j^- ; Js^i 5 %!d< l U& ?S°i giy in g v<ra an account of my suffer- ribly with it for 25 years. It waa so bad i|*l^ffl \
with an awful case of Catarrh. I that I had lost my hearing, sense of taste, fj% "
;^^^^^^^/^M had all the symptoms that accompany as well as being nearly blind. I tried van- pw^^raS
this disease, such as mucus dropping in ous medicines and specialists, spending a j^^lSj^^^S^Si
the throat, a constant desire to hawk large sum of money with them, but with ft&jfy jJBH§JBBlS«v-
T^llsiilcs. /P^" an<^ sp^' ec^ a 5 °f dryncss in the throat, no perceptible results, so I abandoned all 5*^3 ¥*§£&) W**
cough and spitting upon rising in the other remedies and doctors and began . -«33e m
morning, scabs forming in the nose, which required much ef- using jour S. S. S. I took three large bottles and one small
fort to Wow out; sometimes causing the nose to bleed and bottle, when much to my joy I found myself a well man. All
leaving me with a sick headache. I had thus suffered for five my senses were fully recovered, and after fifteen years I ass
years. ¦ As soon as I heard from you, I commenced to take happy to relate that I have never had the slightest return of
S. S. S. as you advised, and after I had taken three large the ailment. I am now 75 years old and enjoy good health
bottles, I noticed a change for the better. Thus encouraged, I for my age. I cheerfully and gratefully recommend S. S. S.
continued to take it, and in a short while was entirely, cured. as the remedy that cared me of Catarrh.
224 Randolph St., Richmond, Va. Judson A. Beixcm. Fordyce, Ark. I* S. Locjtridcb.
If winter is to be dreaded for its snows, icy, cutting winds and damp, unpleasant weather, it is more to be
dreaded because it brings with it the most annoying and disgusting of diseases — Catarrh. The changed condition
of the weather brings on "bad colds" which irritate the. inner skin and tissues, and they secrete an unhealthy
matter that is absorbed by the blood and scattered all through the system in its circulation, and at the first sign of
winter the patient begins to "hawk and spit. " All the mucrns membranes and tissues of the body are affected by
this disease, and the filthy, poisonous matter finds its way to every part of the body, making the sufferer dull and
half sick all the time. The head and eyes have blinding aches, the stomach bloats, the hearing is often affected and
S^jsra-w ; ¦' jfKBm^ in its worse forms the soft bones of the nose and head are destroyed. Local ap-
jjrffl^raa /(i!&8*&xi r /^ cat^ ons such as sprays, washes and inhalations can do no more than give tern-
lUsSa*!^ l^*»»v^ porary relief, because the blood is constantly circulating through the system
T^j^ffly loaded with, these filthy catarrhal poisons, and it must be purified and cleansed
feZ—jaB fe|Z/^i$l >e^? re a cure can be e fi«cted. S. S. S., a purely vegetable remedy, cures Catarrh
k y its invigorating, purifying action on the blood, and the catarrhal poisons are
carried. off through the proper channels. S. S. S. makes the blood rich and
strong, and as it circulates through the system it carries healthful properties to the organs and tender tissues,
the mihealthy secretiQns cease, and the whole system- is renewed and built. up' by it. Don't let a "bad cold'*'
become chronic Catarrh, but at the fi:*3B»sym^om begin the use of S. S. S. and fortify the system against it. Onr
book on The Blood will be mailed free, and our physicians will give special advice to all catarrh sufferers who
mite, without charge. THE SWIFT. SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA. GA.The- assertion, • of the Baltimore
American that the practice of tipping
will not be abolished because^ "there
Is not moral courage enough in the
country" is a severe impeachment of
the national virllity. k If the nation has
not moral courage enough for that
what Infinitesimal sign will measure
for the courage it does possess ?—
Pittsburg Dispatch.
Courage at a IJow Ebb.
Darius Motorist , Sets Many New
Marks, but Falls to Beat; Riser's
Time for One Mile.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 5.— Twelve
world's records were broken by Bar
ney Oldfleld in his automobile to-day.
Oldfield failed to beat the one-mile
record of 52 4-5 seconds held by Earl
Kiser, his best rryle being 55 seconds.
He lowered all previous records for
two and three miles and those from
eleven to, twenty 'miles inclusive.
The present records and the new
ones made by Oldfleld to-day are aa
Miles. . Previous Record. Record
2 1 :53 2-5 1 :51 1-5
3 2:472-5 2:47 •
11 10:29 3-4 10:18 1-5
12 11:273-4 11:15
ID ............. 12:253-4... 12:121-5
14 13:23 3-4 13:09
15 14:21 14:05
16 15:20 2-5.... .15:01
17 1«:17 15:57
18 17:14 ie:5:{
19 is:li'v ...'.........17:402-8
20 19:082-5 .'.18:45 2-5
BARNEY OLDFIKLD BREAKS
TWELVE WORLD'S RECORDS
A| Non-Swearer's Vocabnlary.
I cannot swear, I have an ulcerated
throat and I am wearing a mustard
plaster. I am far too ill to swear."
said Mrs. "Watkin. when charged at
Slough recently with, using improper
language. Mrs. Watkin admitted that
she had called her husband a blear-eyed
Kaffir, a Bashl-Bazou.k. a Bulgarian
atrocity, an ugly monkey, a baboon,
and," says the reporter, "every other
animal in the zoo." — Pall Mall Gazette.
Keserv* stake — Miss Domestic beat Pasha
Kln=. Ked Brick beat It W. Hunter Raine
bent Fire Brick. Concord boy beat Youjig Ker
ry Pippin. Cascade Boy beat Lord Melbourne.
Helen Hayes a bye. Sunny South withdrawn;
Mount Eagle beat Gallant Glancer. KolUng
Boer t*>at General Fremont, Belfast beat
Craig Lad, Forest Fire beat Lily Wright, Belle
Lloyd beat Hermit, Lucy Glitters beat Piker,
Jerry Wright beat Haddlngton, Rose Tree beat
Intruder, Commercial Traveler beat Gold
Lily l"ure Pearl beat Pathfinder, Crolx D beat
Uuncan. Blue Craig beat Sliver Cloud. Doreen
beat HaKllacci, R*d Hot beat Alcatraz, Pepper
Jack beat Equator, Maid o' the Glen beat
Clarice. Picadllly beat Rusty Anchor, Pasha.
Pleasant beat Smller, Mark Twain beat Nellie
M, Bob R beat Trevathan, Klntla beat Poin
cetta. Lulu Girl beat D Bv Courtly Guest beat
Joe Hill, Little Mercy beat Ftee Costa, Rock
lln Boy beat Medley, Pursuer. beat Agitator.
Second round — Miss Domestic ¦ beat Rod
Brick, Concord Boy beat Hunter Raine, Mount
Eaxle beat Cascade, Rolling Boer beat Helen
Hayes. Forest Fir* beat Belfast, Belle Lloyd
boat Lucy Glitters. Jerry .Wright beat Rose
Tree, Commercial Traveler a bye. Pure Pearl
withdrawn: Blue Craig beat Crolx D, Doreen
beat Red Hot, Maid o' the Glen beat Pepper
Jack, Pasha Pleasant beat Picadllly, Bob R
The hares at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday were a strong lot and
an unusual number made good their
escape. The Montana greyhound
Klntla proved one of the day's sur
prises, defeating the 2 to 5 choice,
Lulu Girl. He Is expected to do well
in to-day's running. Pasha Pleasant
is also showing good form and is ex
pected to get well into the stake.
There were a number of upsets for
the talent. Rolling Boer beat the 1 to
4 choice. General Fremont, Miss Do
mestic beat Pasha King; Concord Boy
beat Young Kerry Pippin; Lucy' Glit
ters .beat Piker; Mount Eagle beat
Cascade; Maid o' the Glen beat Pep
per Jaek, and Bob R beat Mark
Twain, aH at 2 to 1. The day's re
sults in detail:
beat Mark Twain, Klntla beat Lulu Girl.
Little Mercy boat Courtly Guest, Pursuer beat
Rooklln Boy.
MONTANA GREYHOUND PROVES SPEEDY
The Commuters are keeping abreast
with the Angels and the Tigers in the
greatest baseball pennant race Califor
nia has ever known. Lohman's fight
ing tossers fought the Siwashes t6 the
finish yesterday and beat them for the
fourth time without a break. By turn
ing this trick, Oakland is tied with
Los and Tacoma. and will
probably be the team to beat for the
flag, as the injury to Eagan will put
the Tigers out of the going.
Buchanan got into the game after an
illnes? of many days. Some of the
fans were a bit skeptical and afraid
Jimmy would not make good. He set
a*ll fears aside when he entered the
'box and began to pitch shutout ball
from the getaway moment.
"Brick" Devereaux's low throw to
Streib in the third inning let Williams
through with the only run for the
Siwashes. Buchanan's twisting was
perfect in every inning. He had his
control just as of yore and he mixed
'em up in such an effective manner
that the best the Siwashes could get
was three hits.
Williams tossed a splendid game for
Seattle, but he had only an amateur
in the person of young Oswald to hold
his offerings and the lad could hardly
fill the bill. The Commuters managed
to sneak in a hit or so whenever /they
got men on the bases and in this way
three runs were coaxed over- the
plate.
Outside of the pitching of Buchanan
the game was devoid of any startling
feature. Kruger is back at work again.
With his full team in the field, Lohman
thinks he can take two from the Si-*»
washes to-day. Lohman would like to
see Sandow Mertes, the New York
Giants' center fielder, in an Oakland
uniform. The score:
Seattle— , Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VanH cf4 0 0 1- 0 Ganly, rf 3 1 0 10
Fremn.lb 4 O 0 12 0 Frncks, s 1 1 0 0 6
Dlhty. 3b 4 0 1 1. 3 Dnlvy, if 3 1 11 0
Frisk, If . 3 0 0 1' 0 Schlfly,2b 3 0 2 0 0
Smith, rf 4 0 1 3 1 Krugr, cf I 0 1 5 0
i iswald, c 4 1 0 2 2 Strtib, lb 3 0 , . 1 15 0
Hall. s.. 4 0 0 2 3 Devrx, 3b 3 0 0 0 2
Dlmas,2b 2 0 0 1 2 Stark, c. 2 00 5 0
Wlllms.p 2 0 114 Buchan.p 2 0 0 0 5
Totals. 31 1 3 24 15 Totals. 24 3 5 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS '.
Seattle ..0 00 0 10 0 0 0—1
Base hlta. ...... 0 0 ¦ 1/.0 O 1 0;0 1 — 3
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 10 1 x — 3
Base hits 2 10 10 1.00 x— 5
-SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Williams, Dunleavy, Schlafley.
JErrors — Oswald 2, Devereaux, Francka, Schlaf-
\V. L. Pct.f W. L. Pet.
Oakland . . . 51 40 . 5«0j Seattle 45 45 . 500
Tacoma ... .51 40 ..V;d .San I- ran . . . JS 4S .442
Los Angeles. 47 37 .5«0l Portland . . ..t-5 5o ..iio
The weak apology for an exhibition j
of the national pastime played at I
Recreation Park yesterday was prob
ably the worst of its kind ever de
cided in this city on a Saturday after
noon. It contained absolutely noth
ing that would go to enthuse a fan,
and abounded In the worst kind of
baseball. San Francisco won, score.
5 to 3.
The handful of bunkoed fans who
shivered on the bleachers devoted
most of-, its time to saying unkind
things to the men who were endeav
oring to play ball. At that their en
deavors did not get them much, for
each and every one of them went
about h!s task in a sort of half-heart
ed way, and was probably thinking all
the time about what was going to be
passed out at the supper table.
The Seals managed to win the
game by giving Mr. I. Butler, man
ager of the Brownies, an awful beat
ing in the fifth inning. Every man
on the team woke up for just a mo
ment and nearly half of them took a
sound wallop at the sphere. In con
sequence, four runs loomed up and
after that Brother Joe Corbett did not
trouble himself about pitching in his
most gracious manner, for he saw
there was no necessity.
The Seals played a game that
should have entitled them to second
money. They made the rankest kind
of senseless blunders at the critical
stages, and only providence and lack
of ability and baseball sense pre
vented the Brownies from running
tfie score up so hieh that no one could
touch it. The game was without one
redeeming feature.
, Portland — ' I San Francisco —
AB.n. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
DrnarwcM 0 3 .1 - 2'Hldbrd,U 3 1 0 fi 0
Shay, s..B 0 O 3 2 Meany, rf 3 112 0
Ndeau If 3 1 0 3 n Irwtn. 3b 4 1 1 2 0
Beck. Ib2 O 0 11 0 V Brn.lb 4 1 25 1
Km*, rf. 4. OOO O'WIdrn, cf3 11 0-0
Tinkle, 3b 4 0 10 .",'Adren. 2b 4 O 2 3,3
Spncr. 2b 2 1 1 1 :t Gorton, c 4 0 0 8 2
Frary, c. 3 10 3 0'Gochnr, s2 0 0 11
Butler, p 3 0 1 0 2 Corbett.p 3 0 2 0 3
•Kellcky. 1 0000
Totals. 30 6 0 27 10
Totals. 31 3 6 24 12
•Batted for Butler In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland. 0 Oil 0 0 '1 O ,0— 3
Base hits 0 0-1.2 1 0 1 0 1 — 6
San Francisco... 1 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 x — !>
Base hits.. 2 10 1 4 1 0 0 x— 9
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Irwln, Van Huron 2, Waldron,
Spencer. Errors — Gochnauer 2, Van-Buren 2,
Hildebrand. Two-base hits — Corbett. Waldron.
Sacrifice hits — Beck, Drennan. First base on
errors — Portland 3. First base on called balls
— Off Corbett 4. off Butler 4. Left on bases —
San Francisco 6. Portland 8. Struck out — By
Corbett 6, by Butler 2. Hit by pitcher—Na
deau. Double plays—Gorton to Irwln. Drennan
to Spencer, Drennan to Beck; Passed ball —
Gorton. Wild pitches— Corbett 3. Time of
Brownies Avc Beaten « in a Ragged
. and Lifeless Contest.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
SKALS GET TO IKE BUTLER.
Doyle Takes His Place nnd Loses
Game for the Tigers.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 5. — Hard luck
for Tacoma, good luck for the An
gels and the pitching of both Newton
and Keefe were the deciding elements
in to-day's ball game. The Angels
won out by the close score of 3 to 2.
An unfortunate accident robbed
Fisher of the services of Eagan for
the remainder of the season. In
stealing second base Chance ran into
Eagan r.nd broke a bone of the fore
arm of the Tacoma man's left arm.
Doyle succeeded Eagan at short, and
his errors gave Los Angeles two runs.
Newton pitched great ball. Keefe
was succeeded by Ovorall in the sev
enth at his own request. Attendance
3000. Score: -_V r
Tacoma — Los Angeles —
AB.R. II. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Dyl,ss-rf 5 O O 1 I Bmrd.cf 4 1 2 2 O
Cas«?y.2b 3 0 12 4 Chase,2h 4 0 0 13
Xrdky.lb 3 118 4 fc'mith.Sb 2 0 1 2 (>
Easan.sB OOOOO Chnce.lb 21183
Shehn.3b 4 0 2 11 Crvth.rf 3 0 0 10
I.,ynch.cf 3 0 0 1 0> Ross. If . 3 1 0 4 0
McL.ln.lf 3 0 13 0*,Tomn.s3 4 0 12 1
Grahm.c .1 O O 7 •» Spies, c. 3 O O 6 1
Keefe. p. 2 O 0 1 1 Newtn.p 3 0 0 14
Hogan.rf 4110 0
Ovrall, p 2 0 0 0 0 Totals2S 3 5 27 11
Totals. 32 2 6 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNING3.
Los Angeles 1 0 O 0 O 2 0 0 x— 3
Base hits .? 0 2 0 O 1 0 0 x— 5
Tacoma O 0 O 0 O 2 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 1 1003OO 1—6
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Chance. Cravath. Ross, Nor
dyke. Errors — Chase. Toman, Newton. Doyle>
(2). Sheehan. HiU made oft Keefe. 5. Two
base hit— Nordyke. Sacrifice hits — Chanc*
(2), Cravath. Ross. Lynch. Graham. First
base on errors — Los -Angeles 2, Tacoma
2. Left on bases — Lob Angeles 7, Tacoma 6.
Bases on balls — Oft Newton 3. off Keefe 1\ oft
Overall 2. Struck out — By Newton 6. by
Keefe 2, by Overall 2. Double play — Spies
to Smith. Time of game— 1 :55. Umpire — Per
rlne.
Mrs. Cooney to-day left for ths
islands in the power launch Frances
to make a search for her husband's
body.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 5. — Cap
tain Colice Vasquez. of the launch
Peerless returned from Santa Cruz
Island this morning with the news of
the death of S. W. Cooney of Grand
Rapids, Mich., who had been In Santa
Barbara for his health since last April.
Cooney, who was an expert sailor and
fisherman, went to Santa Cruz Island
several days ago with a party of
friends and camped at Ladys Harbor.
He spent most of his time in a small
skiff fishing and last Monday left for
the fishing grounds.
Cooney's friends became anxious
when he failed to return Monday night
and instituted a search. They found
no traces of the missing man. but \ateT
his skiff was discovered, bottom up,
on the beach. Cooney wore heavy
rubber boots while out fishing and it
io surmised that the boat upset and
the boots rendered Cooney helple33 in
the water.
Friends of S. W. Cooney of Michigan
Fear That He Was Drowned Off
Santa Cruz Island.
OAKLAND KEEPS
FORGING AHEAD
"TRUCK" EAGAN' BREAKS ARM.
GOES OX FISHING TRIP
AND FAILS TO RETURN"
lfjr. Two-base hits — Kruger." Strelb. Sacrifice
hits — Francka 2, Delmas, Dunleavy. First
base on errors — Seattle 2. First base on called
balls— Oft Williams -1. oft Buchanan 2. Lett
en liasf-s — Seattle C. Oakland 5. Struck out —
Ky Williams ". by Buchanan . r >. Hit by pitcher
— Schlafley. Time of game— One hour and fifty
minutes. Umpire — McDonald. ,
frame — One, hour and fifty minutes. Umpire —
Brown.
Criticizing the Democrats for omit
ting all reference to the navy in their
platform "at the suggestion of Senator
Tillman for the statesmanlike reason
given by him that the navy had no
votes," Secretary Morton advocated
trie upbuilding of a navy second only
to that of Great Britain In size and
to that of no nation in the world in
point of efficiency.
"I believe," he said, "that a navy so
formidable will preserve the peace,
and I believe, in a navy so well pre
pared for limes of war that war will
never come. My conception of the
American can be stated in three words
— construction, instruction and de
struction. I believe we should
TALKS OF THE XAVY.
"Do not be a Democrat or Republi
can cither because your father is one
or the other. Think for yourself. Make
up your nind whether you want to
march with the party of victory or
whether you prefer to align yourself
with a party whose disorganization and
defeat is insignificant when compared
wth its demoralization in victory.
"The Democratic party charges us
with being extravagant. They
claim that our army is too
large. our army represents in
each soldier about 1300 Inhabitants.
This they call militarism. I do not
believe the Democratic party would re
duce the army if it was in power to
day."
party stands for progress and pros
perity.
"I believe in the upbuilding of our
merchant marine. I believe that, ex
portjng as we do more goods in ton
nage than any other nation of the
earth, we should own and operate more
ships. Our greatest weakness in trans
portation is on the seas. We must de
vise some way to show the world that
we can triumph in the carriage of
freight by water just the same sis we
have over land. To the people of
Maryland especially should our navy
be dear. No American can go to An
napolis and see those 82:> young mid
shipmen without being proud of his
country. I am sure that I voice the
thought of the best people of Mary
land when 1 say that it is proud of the
institution that equipped for the ser
vice of their country such men as
Dewey, Sampson and Schley."
build as good ships as any
body. 1 they should be
first class in every particular. I be
lieve they should be as well armed and
their guns should be as large and that
each ship should have as many guns
as the best battleship of ny other
nation. I believe that our officers are
just as gallant, just as brave, just as
skilled as the officers of any other
navy. I believe that our officers are
the best educated men, as a class, in
the world. I know that our enlisted
men are now nearly all American cit
izens. I know that they are the best
clothed, the best sheltered, the best
fed and the best paid men of any navy
in the world.
The South Side Republican Club
held a high jinks at its hall, 3*46
Tenth streeti last night in honor of
George B. Keane. its choice for Sen
ator in the Twenty-third Senatorial
District. Louis Berger, president of
the club, acted as chairman, and
Robert McCann as secretary. After
opening remarks by Louis Berger Mr.
Keane made an eloquent speech. Ed
ward L. Nolan then addressed the au
dience on the issues of the day. Fran
cis McNamara, candidate for the As
sembly, made a speech which was
well received. Remarks were also
made by John J. Mahoney, H. Mc-
Mann and others.
Both Haskins and Byrne are young
men with many friends, and, though
the Republican leaders predict the
election of Haskins, the Democrats are
not willing to concede. the correctness
of their position. They point to the
fact that not only is Byrne a native
son of unquestioned integrity, but that
he has two nominations, either one of
which would insure him a large vote.
Altogether the contest is an interest
in and Byrne intf?nds to fight it
tfirough to the finish with every pros
pect, he says, of defeating his oppo
nent.
« .
Kcane Is Honored.
There is an interesting contest go
ing on in the Twenty-fourth Senatorial
District between Philip J. Haskins, the
Rc-publican nominee, and John P.
Byrne, the Democratic and Union La
bor candidate. This is the only even
numbered Senatorial District that has
a fight on this year and this was occa
sioned by the death of George F. Wil
liams, who was elected at the last elec
tion 1 to represent the district in the
Senate.
Ilaskins and Byrne Working Hard In
Twenty-Fourth District.
CONTEST IS INTERESTING.
"In a letter -written on August 17
by Judge Parker to George F. Parker,
under whose supervision the Demo
cratic campaign book was being pre
pared, he especially enjoined Mr. Par
ker from permitting anything getting
Into the book which reflected in any
way upon the honor and Integrity of
President Roosevelt. This letter was
considered of sufficient importance by
the Democratic managers to be repro
duced In the press of the country and
there is no doubt that it created a fa
vorable Impression for the Democratic
candidate. Since then, with defeat
staring him in the face. Judge Parker
has on several occasions made most
cerlous charges, not only against the
President's intelligence, but against
his sincerity. To be blunt and brief,
he has charged both the President
end Mr. Cortelyou with levying black
mail upon the corporations of this
country by attempting, to extort from
them campaign funds with the under
standing that with contributions they
may purchase immunity from of
fenses already committed or yet to be
committed.
MOST INFAMOUS CHARGE.
•'This is a most infamous charge.
It is a charge which we most indig
nantly and emphatically deny. There
I? not one iota of truth in it. With
out doubt some of the large corpora
tions have made contributions to the
Republican campaign, but so have
others to the Democratic campaign. I
have not the slightest doubt that in
fome cases the corporations may have
contributed to both parties. But Judge
Parker's statement that the chairman
of the Republican National Commit
tee was selected for the purpose of
and has succeeded in levying contri
butions upon unwilling subscribers or
that he has received contributions
from large corporations on any kind
of conditions of immunity, is absolute
ly false. I do not know which is the
most atrocious, to be guilty of such
a charge or to make it and not be
able to substantiate it.
"Judge Parker in his speeches fre
quently refers to the pure and unde
filed stream of politics from which he
emerged and was advanced to the
New York judiciary. Judge Parker,
if I am not mistaken, was closely as-
Fociated with the managers that elect
ed David B. Hill Governor of the
State of Xew York. I do not see how
any man can be identified with Dem
ocratic politi( : i the State of New
York without knowing- more or less
obout the working of the Tammany
machine, and where is there in all this
country or in any country a more
paring and conspicuous example of
levying tribute than the practice of
Tammany in New York City? To
charge Republican campaign manag
ers with adopting Democratic prac
tices that now prevail and always
have prevailed in New York City is
doing nothing more than to try to
throw dust in the eyes of the people."
MAKES SI'KCIAL APPEAL^
Morton dwelt on the inability of the
Democratic party to administer its
own affair? because of dissensions in
Its ranks, one section heading toward
gold and one toward free silver; one
toward free trade under Cleveland and
one toward protection under Gorman,
and others toward an iirome tax an«l
Ft ill others away from such n tax. The
Democratic party, he added, "is a
conglomerate mass of discontent, an-1
if properly analyzed would probably
show 40 per cent prold Democracy. 40
per c*»nt silver Democracy, more than
a trace of brass and the rest popu
lism, socialism and every other kind
of ism. '
. Continuing. Mr. Morton said: "I
want to make a special appeal to the
ymn? men to vote the Republican
ticket. Why associate yourself with
an institution with a record
of only three victories in fifty
iears? Why not identify- yourself
with the party that is doing things?
The Democratic party stands for dis
aster -and defeat. The Republican
HIGHJLANDTOWX. Md.. Nov. 6.—
Secretary *of the Navy Morton address
ed a large Republican audience here
to-night and was listened to attentively
from beginning to end of his remarks,
being frequently applauded. The fol
lowing is an extract from the Secre
tary's address:
After arraigning the Democratic
party for what he declared were its
paramount issues — free silver in ISOl',
Imperialism in 1900 and "th>* Repub-
Lcfcn candidate for President. Theo
flore Roosevelt." in the pr^ct nt cam
j.a'gn — Secretary Morton took up the
Parker charges against th« President,
•aying::
At Republican State headquarters in
this city the prediction is made that
Roosevelt's plurality In California will
exceed 50,000. It is predicted further
that a solid Republican delegation to
Congress will be elected. It is also fig
ured that the Republicans will carry
all but two of the State Senatorial dis
tricts and elect sixty-seven of the
eighty Assemblymen. On joint ballot
the Legislature will probably stand:
Republicans 100
Democrats 20
The Democratic campaign managers
do not concede Republican success in
the First, Second, Fourth, Fifth and
Sixth Congressional districts. At Dem
ocratic headquarters the claim is made
that Bell will carry the Second District,
but figures by counties are not given to
support the claim. The % Call obtains
from Democratic sources Bell's own
figures. He claims these majorities:
G lenn S75
Colusa 775
Tolo 250
Lake 150
Mendoclno 150
Xapa 400
Total 2100
He concedes that McKinley will car
ry Sacramento by 700 and Marin by 500.
Ke counts a stand-off in Yuba, Butte,
Sutter and Sonoma, and thus figures
out a majority for himself of 1000.
The Republican State Committee pre
dicts that McKinlay's majorities will
be:
Butte 200
Sutter 100
Sonoma 400
Mendocino 150
Yuba 100
Sacramento 800
Marin 700
Total 2450
It Is figured that Bell may get these
majorities:
'Glenn 150
Colusa 500
Lake 100
Yolo 200
Total 950
Each party claims Napa County by a
small majority.
The Republicans contend that Mc-
Kinlay will be elected by 1500 majority.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins was at Republican headquarters
yesterday. He gave a glowing account
of the great meeting in San Jose night
before last, saying:
"The numbers assembled and the en
thusiasm manifested reminded me of
Governor George C. Pardee and Dun
can E. HcKinlay will address the peo
ple of Santa Rosa to-morrow night.
Thousands of citizens will assemble to
hear tne Governor and greet the elo
quent nominee for Congress.
th» remarkable demonstrations of the
Blaine campaign."
Senator Perkins will speak at Chico
to-morrow evening and any Butte
County Republican who doubts the ac
curacy of The Call's statements re
garding: the collier for Mare Island
navy yard and the appropriation for
the Sacramento River may obtain the
Senator's opinion by asking for it.
Defends President and Says
Parker's Charges Do Not
Contain One Iota of Truth
Complexion of the Legislature
ADDRESSES BIG CROWD
Gain of Three Congressmen
/ Is Now Predicted.
Secretary of the Xavy N Paul
Morton Makes Strong Reply
to Roosevelt's Detractors
REPUBLICANS OF CALIFORNIA
ANTICIPATE SIGNAL VICTORY
PRAISES WORK
OF HIS CHIEF
THE SAM FRANCISCO: CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6. 1904.
39
OFFER TO WEAK MEN
Do you want to be Everybody Admires
"A Man Among / \ ' rJ$$$L]:- >. and Honors a
I WILL PAY "1&QOO FORFEIT
For a case of Nervous .Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism. Lame Back, Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease (that has not gone as far as
Bright's Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, or any weakness which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric Belt, with electric suspensory tor
men (no charge), the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced.
Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice
for three months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any man of his age. ' .: _
I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be strong and vigorous. Even that man I can make
better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his- strength I can make as good as he ever was.
I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I caM stop all drains upon his vitality in ten days.
A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed. whp is easily dis-
couraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which
the Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies. _ . .
The whole force of vitalityin your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any
manner my Belt will replace it and will cure you.
Mr Harry IT. Jackson Vaileton, Cal.. writes October 1: "Although you are a stranger to me. my heart warms toward you as a great benefactor and friend, and I am
more than' aratetu! to you. Already 1 feol th» vigor of new life' in my body; no aches and no pains. I wish you every success In your work."
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
useless doctoring. I get such letters every day.
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man.
I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after
everything else has failed are my best arguments.
J. i\ Barney, 110 Oak Ft.. San Francisco: "I can speak a good word for your Belt. It has done all I asked for It. It has cured my lame back and when I first got the
Belt I could not bend over to pick up a pin. '< .' ' „ ¦ • , ,, . . r- - -
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, come-and-go pains in his shoulders, chest and side, bciatica
in his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt .will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exi?t where my Belt is worn.
Mr. J. L. Balrd of Orland, Cal., writes October 13: "My back Is entirely well, ami I would net take $1CO for my belt If I could not get another. It Is the best thing on
esrth for a lame back." " % ,
And these "old" men. these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or even if they haven t — these men who for one reason or an-
other feel that life has lost its spice, that they arc getting old too fast, I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth again.
I'll never forget when Mr. A. Crawford of Pokegama, Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: "When I wrote to you last I
told you to send me a Belt to make an old man young, and you did. I am seventy years old, and since I have worn the Belt I feel as strong as I
did at thirty-five, and can do as good a day's work as I could at that age." Jt was two years ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is
one I just got from him:
"In reply to your letter I am glad to say that I am just as much in favor of your Belt as I ever was, for it has been a remarkabls help to me. I am seventy-two years old.
but I do not look any more than fifty. Am enjoying perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have been doing right along, as I realize that but for It I should
have been dead and buried by this time." ¦ • >-". - _ * v . .' ....'- ' . ¦*-* ¦» r t . .- , »-. - ~ .
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughhn s Electric Belt.
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be. can you a.sk any better proof to make you try it? Is
there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must
try it. In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their 1 future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not to be
It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no
sting, no burning, as in old-style belts. i : " .,/ V J^. :'.;.¦_
Come and see me if you can. I have a private consulting room in which I will explain my method of treatment and, perhaps, give you the
names of some of your friends whom I have^ cured. :.;v; : Y ;
Send for my beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. I send it sealed free. Cut out and send this ad.
DR. M. C. McLAUQHLIN, 906 Market St., Above eiiis San Francisco
V '¦••* • Office Hours: 8 a, m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Street. I.cs Ansreles, 131 South. Sprinar Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK MEN
A S12 HOaSi: TEEATKEHT FKEE
For 10 days' trial and approval
fa s»i «P» Mto.v OK? PK KFECTED
tV'ff~ J 'JZQi"l*% vacuum tr«at-
H«l i (tto\\ xv nient wil1 BEVEI.-
0 TOW y&Z&j/j?* OP HJ5W MPE
i^^^^^e^ ° A N3 EJTEBOY
nl <*"/£/> a frV «< AND r ULLY be-
%£*X>Y^ r sf/j! f J STOKE THE FIRE
18- QN3M?rS *k°Jiooe or
fif - YWP < Vis* 7i OU ™: J t is also
N% • ««• > |f a g r the only positive
flSOUAHEtglg wnn u ?,7em£g
f— PCPfTCT UQETHPAL »*Ct>CATtON ' ¦-^¦i>
Used with our Soluble Medicated Ur*-
thral Crayons, quickly cures all draJns or
discharges. Stricture. Premature Decav
w.;.k or irritable Prostate Gland, etc!
For Varicocele we combine our special
BUSPEKSORY and COMPRESSOR. Don't
fail to investigate this. Our physicians
are known to be strictly reliable and ex-
perienced specialists and cure BI.OOD
FOXSOXf and all diseases of men by mod-
ern methods. Don't delay. Examlnarion
and demonstration free. For our VAC-
UUM DEVELOPED or our special treat-
ments call at our office only for the pres-
ent. DO SOT WRITE— CALL. Hours.
S to 9; Sundays. 10 to 1. EXALTE A?.
FIiXAZrCE COkPAWY. € OTarrcll street
I U I IDT II U C I
g ...... |
« HERE IS ANOTHER OF OUR CURES. «
§"I was cured of rupture over a year ago and feel as if I had g
never been ruptured. Seven treatments were sufficient. S
rt "I. LEVISON of Levison Bros.. Rocklin. Cal." g
8 Our cure is safe, sure and practically painless. No- time is lost. '<>
S Ask any of the following gentlemen : Rev. Sidney Wilbur, 1319 *«
£ Octavia St.. S. F.: Peter Smith. 616 Fourth St.; W. J. Ramsey, 511 S
O Hayes St.; C. E. Howard, 7.*8 Mission st.; W. D. Evans, 1319 Oc- o
S tavia st.; Solomon Hirschy. 308 Monroe st., San Jose; E. G. Hursch, §
§ '3668 Twentieth St.; M. Bounsall, Calistoga; G. W. Stoddard. 702 ¦§
8 Tenth St.. Sacramento. Hundreds of other addresses will be fur- a
S nished. Call and see us. o
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE I
§ 1344 MARKET STREET, S. F. ;|An English Inventor claims to have
found a process of making flannelette
garments non-inflammable and at the
same time antiseptic
FINGERS NIPPED BY PLANER W n
McComb. 106. Fourth street, and E. A. Collin
<S32A Eighteenth street, had the misfortune
yesterday to run their right hands under a
planer at a mill on Bryant street. Each lout
two fingers from his right hand. One followed
the other to th.; Emergency Hospital whsr*
Dr. Hill dressed Uwlr weunda. V ' wnere
Lotta J. Underhill; cornet. A.. F. Rob
erts; piano, &Iiss Lillian Bennett;
violin, C. H. Blank.
Prisoner Tries to Starve Himself.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 5. — Joseph Nlcovich,
aged 19 years, who has been In the City
Prison since October 28 -for the alleged
theft of two bicycles, has not tasted
food for eight dayB. The officials can
do nothing with him and his condition
is serious. He refuses to talk.
Percival W. Clement, former presi
dent of . the Rutland and Vermont
Railroad, arrived here yesterday with
his family from the north In a private
car. They are on their way to the
Yosemite Valley and will be "one of
the last parties to visit that resort this
year.
George Rose, the well known book
maker, and his wife arrived from New
York yesterday.
Captain C. F. Shoemaker, who is in
charge of the United States revenue
marine, and Captain J. C. Moore,
chief engineer of the same depart
ment, arrived from Washington yes
terday and are at the California'.,
Richard Dwyer, the well known
turfman, who is to act as starter at
the coming meeting of the New Cal
ifornia Jockey Club, arrived with his
wife from the East yesterday. They
are registered at the St. , Francis.
Dr. J. F. Curran of Los Angeles is
at the Palace.
Nicholas F. Sargent and wife of
Portland are at the Palace. : • ';
Captain Newell of the United States
ship Saturn is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Jefferson Pkagway & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov 7
BTtha Cooks Inlet Sc Way Pts Nov. 10
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 11
Santa Ana. .. Seldovla & Way Ports. Nov. 10
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 5.— The change
of murder against Dr. E. C. Balnbridge,
a local physician, accused of having
caused the death of Aggie Fleltz by a
criminal operation, was dismissed In
the Superior Court, to-day on motion
of District Attorney A. M. Seymour.
Bainbrldge was tried several weeks
ago, the jury disagreeing, and Sey
mour said he did not believe another
trial would result In a conviction.
Murder Charge Is Dismissed.
RICHMOND. Ind., Nov. 5.— Charles
E. Shiveley, supreme chancellor of the
Knights of Pythias of the world, to
day named a military commission to
investigate the charge of partiality
brought against General James R. Car
nahan. head of the uniform rank. The
charges were made in connection with
the awards in the drill contests at the
biennial convention of the order at
Louisville last August. The commis
sion will meet at Indianapolis on No
vember 15.
points Military Commission to
Probe Carnahan's Action.
Supreme Chancellor of Order Ap-
Floor manager, George G. Bolsson;
assistants — D. B. Wyllio, William Fen
none and William E. Foley.
Floor committee — S. P. Kane, James
Thomas, . George Lovejoy, Robert Los
sius, George Berry. D. Murphy, W. A.
Duffey, Ray Estudillio, C. A. Krist, Ed
die Sullivan, Al Croffort; Harry Good
man, C. A. Pitts, Alfred Borman, Mae
Curran, Mary Estellito, Myrtle Champ
lin, Annie Drolette, Lottie Decasper,
Tessle Maloney, Kitty Daley, Mae Mur
phy, Eva Laughlln, Emily Norton, J.
J. Norton, E.'H. Herget, Max Gold
man, Dan Beban, W. Johnston, James
Ewers, Joe Morino and Charles
Grader. "
About 10,000 people coming at dif
ferent hours attended the annual
grand ball of the pressmen, which
was held at Mechanics' Pavilion last
night. It was not till the morning
that the enjoyable occasion was
brought to. a close and the pressmen
were complimented on having 'the
most successful public dance of the
season. The management was of the
best and unpleasant' features were en
tirely eliminated, though the crowd
was very large. .
A goodly sum was realized for the
fund with which provision will be
made for the convention of the Inter
national Printing Pressmen's and As
sistants' Union of North America that
is to be held in San Francisco next
year. The following ars the members
of the joint committees from the local
unions which carried out the arrange
ments of last night's affair:
Ball committee — James Garrett,
chairman; Ed McGenity, George W.
Lampman, George P. Maloney and
Daniel Doggett.
Reception committee — J. J. Phil
lips, chairman; Adolph Wilkle, An
thony Fay, Robert Davis, Frank Fas
sler, Harry Barber, F. H. Gough, Wil
liam Griswold, John Covaevich, Joe
Walsh, John Denehy, Charles Chase,
William E. Doran, William Fisher. A.
E. Boyle, T. Zingle, W. T. Eager, L. P.
Schuler, James Schoonmaker, J. L.
Lockwood, T. J. Dlnan, W. H. Eager,
M. J. Ryan, H. Borden, Emlle Dingle,
1.. Boutes, Thomas Mulcahy, J^ de
Wise, H., Davis, F. J. Cunningham and
James Galton. /
Dance Continues Throughout the
Night and Affair Proves a
Great Success.
Rev. F. A. Keast, pastor of the Ep
worth Methodist Episcopal Church,
will preach this evening jn "The
Christian and His Vote, or the Coming
Election."
At the Fourth Congregational
Church this evening Rev. E. L. Walz
will preach on "A Better City." Goub
lier's "Song of Praise" will be sung by
Mrs. Greenleaf-Krueger.
Rev. G. A. Hough, the new pastor of
the California-street Methodist Epis
copal Church, will address a body of
young men at the auditorium of the
Young Men's. Christian Association
this afternoon. He will use for his
subject "The Wonders of the Law." A
special musical programme will be
given..-. .•r".v.::l-.' : 'y;?:;>';" :
Rev. Joseph Mulligan will preach at
the 10:30 o'clock mass this morning In
St. Ignatius Church. Rev. John For
han will preach in the evening. 3|§g
At the Emanuel Evangelical Church
this evening . the following musical
programme will be given: Organ vol
untary, "Spring Song"; hymn, "On
ward, Christian Soldiers"; Invocation;
barytone solo, "Cross and Crown,"
Rev. J. George Gibson; Scripture
reading; soprano solo, "The Lord Is
My . Shpeherd," Mrs. Nina" Lyon Dal
ton; prayerand Lord's Prayer, chanted
by congregation; cornet solo, "And Old
English Hymn"; congregational hymn,
"Jesus,- Lover of My Soul"; tenor solo,
"The Heavenly Song," J. E. Erlcksbn';
Scripture reading; "Gloria Patri,"_ con
gregation: violin solo, "Longing"; no
tices; soprano solo, "Adore . and. ' Be
Still," Miss F. E.; Walbey;- offertory,
"Contemplation"; barytone solo. "The
Better Land," Rev. J. George Gibson;
short sermon; hymni "My Country,
'TIs of Thee"; benediction; recessional,
"Cuf us Aninam March." Organ, Miss
Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the How
ard-street Methodist Episcopal Church,
will preach morning and evening. His
subjects are "Unbelief and Despair"
and "The American Voter and His Re
lation to the Saloon on Election Day."
"A National Civic Crime." is the
topic Rev. F. M. Larkin, pastor of the
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church,
will preach on this evening.
"A Unique Ministry" and "Fair
Dealing" are the morning and evening
subjects of Rev. W. P. Stanley, pastor
of .the Hamilton Methodist Episcopal
Church.
Rev. J. H. N. Williams, pastor of
Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis
copal Church, will preach this even
ing: on "Political Parties and Their
Policies."
Part second of Mendelssohn's "Eli
jah" will be given by the choir of
Trinity. Church this evening:. The
soloists will be Miss Ftynn. Mrs. Wars
hauer, sopranos; Miss Fairweather
and Miss Lawrence, contraltos; Mr.
Eosekrans, tenor, and .Mr. Olssen.
barytone. Miss Grace Courtney Jen
kins, violinist, will assist Louis H.
Eaton, organist and director of the
choir.
Able Speakers to Discourse on Topics
That Deal With the Duties
of a Voter.
PASTORS WILI; PREACH
OX INTERESTING THEMES
WILL, INVESTIGATE CHARGE
AGAINST PYTHIAN LEADER
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
November 6. |
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2 ,
Centralia.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amJPler 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt l:30p|Pler 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 amlpier 11
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 10
November 7. I
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .... 5 pm'pier 20
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am' Pier 11 I
San Pfdro.. Humboldt 4 pmlPler 2 j
J. Hisslns. j Los Angeles Ports. 11 ami Pier 2 ]
November 8. I
G. W. K!de: Astoria & Portland 11 am'pier 24
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghra 4 pmiPler 10 i
November 9. |
Northland.. Astoria & Port!and| 5 pm'Pler 27 I
Eureka Humboldt » am Pier 13 i
Doric Chirr. & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Arctic Humboldt 8 amlPier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30p|P!er !»
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pmlPler 2
C. Nelson.. Los Angele* Ports. 2 pm'Pier 20 I
ChehaHs... Los Angeles Ports.|U amJPler 2
November 10.
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. Lindauei Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier" 2
Sequoia Willapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 20
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Ca! San Diego &. Way. 9 am Pier 11
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPler 21
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am|Pler 2
November 11. - •*» .,:]
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier 8
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13 .
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9 i
Coos Bay.. San Pedro * Way. 9 am Pier 11 ;
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. Pier —
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B Pier 16
November 12.
Acapulco.. N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Ammon Hamburg &. W Pts 10 am Pier 19 I
Argo Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
November 13.
Columbia.. Asfrla & Portland 11 am Pier 21
November 14.
N. Fork Humboldt . 12 m Pier 20
November IS. ' >
Manchuria. China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
November 16.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 9 am Pier 11 j
PRESSMEN'S GRAND BALJj
ATTENDED BY THOUSANDS
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Elizabeth. ... Coquille River INov. _ 6
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Nov..' 8
Coicnado San Pedro Nov. 6
Certralia Grays Harbor Nov. 8
F. LeKgtt Humboldt Nov. 6
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Nov. 8
G. I.indauer.. Grays Harbor Nov. 8
Newburg Grays Harbor ; Nov. «
Arctic | Humboldt Nov. «
Chlco Coquille. River Nov. 7
N«rvt.(ian I Honolulu & Kahulul. . Nov. 7
City Puebla.. i puget Sound Ports [Nov. 7
State of Cal. . ; h=an Diego & Way Pta.lNov. 7
Corona 'Humboldt Nov, 7
Eureka j Humboldt Nov. 7
Del Norte '-Crescent City Nov. 8
Memnhis j Hamburg & Way Ports|Nov. 8
Coos Bay j San Ptdro i Way Pts. Nov. 8
Pomo i Point Arena & Albion. INov. 8
C. Nelson j Seattle & Tacoma. Nov. 9
Northland .i San Pedro Nov. 9
Marchuria. .. j China & Japan.... Nov. 9
Arcata i Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 9
Ammon (Seattle jNov.- »
P.»'ukwater. . Coos Bay |Nov. 9
Homer I San Pedro INov. 9
Pomona Humboldt INov. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. .JNov. 10
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Nov. 10
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 10
Barracouta... New York via Ancon. Nov. 10
All or,cc Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 10
Argo Eel River Ports Nov. 10
S. Monica. . . Grays Harbor Nov. 10
North Fork.. Humboldt ..V Nov. 11
Bonlta Newport & Way Port*. Nov. 12
Coptic China and Japan Nov. 12
Umatllla. .... Puget Sound Ports. Nov. 12
Redondo Portland & Astoria Nov. 13
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 15
Peru New York via Ancon.. Nov. 16
Aurelia Portland & Astoria Nov. 16
TO ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
il20th Meridian— Pacific Time.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 5 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
;*ratur?s are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati «4-42i Philadelphia .*><>-42
lioston 34-4<> Washington 5S-4*
Jacksonville 72-.') 1 * New York *2"*5
St. I>cuis 68-40 PittsburK ,.«J2-40
Clilc-ajro 5S-44 Honolulu. H. I...bO-«4
New Orleans 08-541
SAN FRANCISCO 60 " 54
The following are the seasonal rainfall* to !
date as compared with those of the same date
la?t season and the rainfalls In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. .Season.
Ftr-ka Trace 5.71 4.98
Rod Bluff ».»k> ».13 0.66
F»cramento <>.0<> 5. BO O.49
Sen Kranciico ... <>.<«» "-M °- ott
Fiesno U.0O 5.04 O.OO
Independence <>.0<> 0.47 «».<2
S L Oblfpo 0.00 4.W 0.02
Li* Anrele* 0.00 1.13 0.43
£un Dirco O.CO 0^15 »¦"'
tjif: coast record.
~ o S K O 2? !?
STATION?. ~ i; j3 gS ?"
Carson ..30.14 SS 2« S Cloudy .00
Kureka .SO.16 iJO 4« S\V Cloudy T.
Kresno 3<».12 «2 S« NW Pt.Cldy Am
S. E. Far:illon.:tO.lS 5ii i>l NW Clear _.0«»
Flagstaff :M>.12 «k 10 X Clear .CO
HotateUo ::<t.l« (10 2 . 8 Clear .1H»
Ii!doiM?ndence . ..:. .. 42 •
I.os Ang?le.«..3O.os 72 48 SW Pt.Cldy .0*>
Mi Tamalpam.30.19 51 4:i NW Cloudy .<»0
North Head.. 20. 00 M 46 !>E Cloudy T.
J'htxnix 30.0O 78 54 \V Clear .<»
Point P.eyes...SO.l."i 5S 51 NW Clear .«h»
Portland 30. OS M> av SK Rain T.
Hed Bloff 30. IS C2 44 N Pt.Cldy .00
Koeeburg :io.l0 r>'» 40 S Cloudy .00
Sr-acramento .\30.14 »W 4S NW Clear .00
Bait i-A'AP SO. 12 <«> 3fi NW Clear .00
Pan FrancIsco.3it.lK «>> 54 W Clear .00
P L Obt«po..30.12 62 48 W Pt.Cldy .00
i=an Uiejo 30.04 »« 5« NW Clear .0t>
t^a'tle 3it.ru r.2 40 PE Rain .02
Kpokane 3O.18 54 34 XE Cloudy .00
Tatoo^h 23.9;» ."2 42 SE Cloudy .40
\VaHn Walla. 3(t. 14 TM 34 SV\' Cloudy .0(»
WInnrmucca .Sn.i* fiO 24 SW Cloudy .00
Tunm 2f».itS M 50 NE Clear .<"'
WEATHER CONDITIOrra AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A moderate <llsturbanc<» overlies the north
err coast and conditions are fa\-<r>rab;e for
slicwers Sundav over the northern half of the
Pacific Coast.
There has been i/^t I'.ttlj change in temper-
Porecevt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours r-ndlns midnight. November «:
Northern California — Cloudy Sunday, with
showers in northern portion; fresh southerly
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; light
stuthwest winde.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday.
I-robably showers by night ; fresh southerly
' Los'"Anffeles and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday;
; freth southwest wind.
Sacramento — Cloudy Sunday; possibly show
ers by night: Tresh southerly winds.
Fresno— Cloudy Sunday; light northerly
W ' n<1S ' A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
One by one the whaler? come home
with their same. The Narwhal, Jean
ette and Thrasher, which arrived Fri
day, each brought down 10.000 pounds
of bone, oil and skinF, but the little
steam whaler Alexander. Captain J. A.
Tilton. came in port yesterday from the
Arctic with the prize catch of the fleet.
She has 13.000 pounds of bone, 660
pounds of ivory. 10j3 white foxskins. 79
red, 64 blue and two silver foxskins.
She has 49 martin skins and 54 white
and 8 brown bearskins. The Alexander
also has 7000 pounds of bone belonging
to the whaler Bowhe&d and 500 caught
by the Kate Smith. These vessels will
remain in the Arctic this v«nter.
Two gailors of the Alexander, John
Smith and James Hawkins, deserted
durins the spring: at Cape Prince it
Wales. The vessel was moored to a
cape of ice and was 2S0 miles away
from the nearest port, but the tvo men
concluded to travel, go one night they
put un all their extra clothes, jumped
on the rocking ice floe and headed
Fouth. After suffering great hardships
from cold and hunger they arrived at
Nome and joined the army of
penniless men there. The Alexander is
moored at the head of Union street
vharf. and just astern of her is tht
Narwhal, while next in the line is the
Thrasher. Captain Tilton of the Alex
ander first commanded the Thrasher
and was her skipper for Hve successivV
years. He then took the Narwhal for
two rears. He has been captain of the
Alexander for threo years.
The Narwhal brought down 2000
pounds of bone for the Bowhead in ad
dition to the Alexanders 7000 pounds.
Since sending these consignments away
the Bowhead has captured throe whales.
The Alexander's catch will bring her
owners in over $65,000.
Old Captain Bill" Hurt.
Wiiliam Dietericksen. an old employe of the
Shipowners' und Merchants* Towboat Com
pany, m^t with an accident yrstcrday morn
lrjt on Vallejo-ttreet wharf which vfU prob
ably i>rove fatal. The olJ skil>pt-r has been
• ctins niRht watchman of the tug office. He
»i, -m the d<j<k whrn a newspai-er iniiii
»*ron came down to the pter. <."aptain 11111.
¦ s was his habit, climbed into the wafon to
help luad the bund!er cf papers Into an tiwait
irg launch. The horse started suddenly and he
mas thrown violently to the ground. His skull
was fract'jpfd and ht sustained other severe in
juries. He was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital. He is not exacted to live.
For fifty years "Old Oantaln Bill" has been
known to nearly esviy se* captain who has
come into this herbor. He was born in Den
mark 83 years .»eo. He hit<?d the English
because < t Nelson's defeat of the Danish
fleet. He came to this country and was em
ployed by th» Griffith Tuff Company, the pre
<1*-<-essor of the Shipowners' and Merchants'
Towboat Com!»ny. in 1833. Old Captain Bill
wss a U\cly towboat skipper, but in his de
rMninK years was kept fmrloyed as a sort of
watchman for the < ompany. The old man
wr>F bf a kindly disposition and having no
fam!!y he ea\< "much of his money to help
those" be hart taken a notion to assist. He
was very strict in r^jrard to work of men on
The torn bouts «nd woull even rive the superln
t'-nd^nt of th-* t-ompany a dressing down with
his sharp tonrue if things did not run
smoothly. The officers an<i men always
rrumorrd "Old «'aptaln Bill" »nd took his
•¦coldinr* with mock humility. The kind old
man will be missed If his call has come to
tow out to the shoreless sea.
Water IVont Notes.
The contract for repairs to the bijc British
tfreitper Mexico has been awarded to the Ris
d->n Iron Works for $10,000. The other bids
w»-r*: Fulton Iron Works, $24,075; Union
F.ncin^erlr.c Works. flXJSO; \V. A. Boole &
Fon. I17.0M: I'Tiion Ircn Works. $11,408.
The Arioric-an-Hawaiian steam freighter
California. Captain Dew. cam» in port from
Seattle yesterday to finish loading for New
\fier beine'laid up for five months the Pa
. ihr Mail rttanwhip < - ity of Para resumed
her jiiaie on the Panarr.a rim. sailiriK jrester
<5ay n^on for the south. She Js commanded
by"«"aptain «•¦ V. Brown and carries 3200 tons
of carp>- :>nd fifty-five passengers, of whom nine
are (.'Mtii-f*. In h/*r car?n is a consignment
of WH tons of corn for <iuatemala. whore the
crop of that commodity this season is short.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN
Ad»!a:<5», at 30s (A
Matters of Intrxvst to Mariners and
Shipping Merelianls.
The British thip Balmoral Is chartered for
lymb*r from Puget Suund to Mfllxiurne or
A Cargo for Mahukorui
The schooner Clg* wrs • lea red yesterday
frr Mahukona, Hawaiian Islands, with an as
•irted ctrgo. valued at $io.:»42 and incIudinK
the foiiowirjt:
S2S bMs flour. IC77 ctls barley, a ctls wheat,
43647 lbs bran. 10,148 tb» middlinps. 14.'. bal.'s
hay. 101 S lbs bread. T.CW lbs rice. 1930 Ihs
*orar. 13 rkfs paurte. 27.V( Jbs salt. '.',' rMm
t»b!e preparations. 11 ) krs potatries, 4 lihl»
vinegar. 5 t.kjs grocerir? and r'ovisions. 13(><)
l^s Urd. 'H rs canned goods. MS !b>> bean?.
?•?<» lbs f-o^nrh. 4 rkc* onlrns. 10 ;>krs dried
fiuit. jr« a o bbls salmon. 09 pk»s wason ma
terial. 11 a and Fh-vj, 125 cs coal oil.
56 bx* *^*v. 3 rr dry Roods. f>3 rskffs paints,
V»0 reflwried posts. 3 cs carbide, 20 sks coal,
WW bricks, 190 !bs tobacco.
Exports by the Panama Steamer,
Th" Fteamer <>.ty r,{ Para Fvil*d yesterday
tor the lRthmuE of Panama and way ports
«-ltli a gprwral mer< han^ise rarer*, valued at
JU7.17*. to be distributed «s follows: For
Mexico. M1W; '"er>tral America, ¥34>77; Pan
ama. ?4.*'2O: New York. $T'».r>2: <*^lotr.bia. J«S;
Ecuador. *L*4W; Jamaica, SH4; England. $49"i;
Scotland. ?2>>; Gennar.y. *r>«. The following
were the. rrincinal (shipments:
To Mexico— 4'» crtis ;>")tatoesi. i'6 pkc* croce
ries and provisions. 11 os <snnM goods, 62
rals wine. r><>4 lbs spioes. 12 pkKs olives. 13
rkr» dried fruit. 1.1 pkrs fr**h fnitt. 29 rkgs
paFte. 1<«> lbs tfa. 2} 4 lbs bread. 2'i2 1b* rais
in». 5«K<3 ft lumber. Kl \>kcr machinery. 49
kegs nails, 12 cs arms an-1 immuaition, 1«
bars iron. V, talea cakum, s <-s <ltuE!>. 2 cyls
•c'.<J. 7 t.kRs paper.
To Central America — 3"7 this flour. 47SG
rtlx forn. 2** i> canned goods, l."» pkes gro
cri«-s ami ntirrtrlcr*. '£VV\ lbs tea. 40.430 lbs
f»!t. ian5 tfaa <Jr;<vl fn;it :.T.H» lbs mi' •<•*. 12
fkCr i<a>-te 2"f> «-rts |«oTatorF. 14 rrts onions.
S43 c^l» <: >-r wine. 14:$<» 1»* cr«lfii>h. 422 lbs
ham ar.<1 har.-n. .Vhi«» Ihw rice. 22 pks^ frenh
fnilts. l.VKt ib« Uid. B5 rs whisky, :w m
beer. 7 !>k|ri« taMe preparation?. 27.72S lbs
tallcw. M.K>4 f« Juirber. 10 bale* haps. 4
bslef leather. :S." cs 3 r ; b> oil. 41 iikfrs pai>er,
111 r»kf» paints, in bales nakum. 10 pkgs
tor,flng material. S coily rope. 473 sks coal,
inon n>fli-<v;<l tie*, c bxs «oap. 7 pkgs dry
for^lf. lir.«CIV» lb< rernent. '."'. eks coke.
To Panama— "¦•!* bbls Hour. 1.1.5:»4 lbs sugar.
1»U» rtts iH/tat<v>«. 1!h» rrts nn|on!«. Tm» rrtii Kar-
Uc. 14.' ilw «lil«r<l rrult. C pkg^ dr>- Tvh, 48 cs
mltiTSl »«trr. 15? . c* canned jroorljt. at cs
table ptrjiaj/itionF. 4't.7f'7 ft lumber, 4 <-h arms
«n<1 mr.mupltlrn, 11 pkt? acid.
To New York — MS.6S6 pals wine. 0S.ril7 lbs
bfans. 13*7 cs cann<"<l salmon. K>f» flacks «juick
»ilver. 70 fkK cattle horns. f.$7 Ihs dry hides,
ISft bales Junk. 10 pkjjs printing ink.
To Colombia — 9 bills flour. 4 pk*s paste, l
1'kc raisin*.
To Ecuador — r.M> bblp flour.
To Jamaica — 3 cs canned Roods. 9 pke- dried
fruit. 3 «• table prepa rations. 1 cs wine.
To Ene'.and — 46<>S lbs dried prunes, 8 cs
rsrned eoods.
To Scotland— S cs canneJ Roods.
To Germany— W» cs dried fruit and 1 cs
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Stmr Bonita. PreMe. San Pedro and way
ports: Pac Coast S S Co
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka; Pac Coast
S Stmr° Whlttler. Dickson. Portland; Union
°'sch?Olga, Waldwick. Mahukona; The Chas
Nelson Co.
SAILKD.
Friday. November 4.
Ptm r Fulton. Panzer. Bowew Landing
r Saturday, November 5.
Sitmr City of Para Brown Ancon. etc.
Ftmr North Fork. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendoclno.
Stmr Argo Dunham. Eel River.
Ptmr Mandalay. Smith. Crescent City.
Stmr W H Kruger. Nordberg, Eureka.
Stmr National City, Hammar. Fort Bragg.
Br ship Scottish Moors. Tedford. Queens
town.
n*r rhip Altair, Reimrs, I>on<lon.
Fr bark Emllle Gallln*. Courrlge?. Queens
°Schr Western Home Welden. Coqullle River.
Schr.J A Klose. Mercer. Coo^Jllle River.
Srhr Transit. Kiitbom. Grays Harbor.
Schr Antelope. Christensen. Eoreka,
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT I>3BOS— Nov 5. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Homer,
hence Nov 2; sohr Taurus, from Portland;
etm r Santa Cruz; from Port Harford.
Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Rival, for Ventura; schr
Dora Bluhm. for Eureka.
\rriv. d Nov Z> — Stmr Shasta, hence Nov 3.
ASTOR.1 A— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 3; stmr Redondo, hence Nov 2 via
Eureka. '. ' '"¦•
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr Santa
Clara, from Valdf-x. - '-'"-
SailP<l Nov 5 — Jap stmr Kanagawa Maru,
for China and Japan. Nov 4— Stror Farallon,
for Ska p way.
Arrived Nov 6. 4:30 p m — Stmr Asuncion,
from Astoria.
TACOMA — Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Nevadan. for
San Frar.elseo.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr
tfewaboy htnee Nov 3.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Pedro.
PORT HA KFORD— Sailed Nov 4. 10 p m—
Htrar ('nn« Uay. fnr San Pedro.
VENTURA — Arrived Nov 5 — Stm r Rival, fm
San P« dro.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Nov 6 — Schr
Churchill. hen«-e Oct 25.
REDONDO — Sailed Nov 5 — Stmr Acme, for
Sun Francisco; stmr Coronado. for San, Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH I SLAND— Paused Nov 5 — Stmr
Ncvadan. from Tacoma for San Francisco;
bark Albert, fm Lahaina for Port Town*end.
PORT ANGELES — To rail Nov 6 — Schr For.
est Home, for Santa Kosa.lta.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr
Norwood, from Seattle.
Arrived Nov 5 — Srhr Alpha, hence Oct 23.
Sailed Nov 5 — Schr Defiance, for Honolulu;
ttmr» Olympla and Newburg, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov C — Stm r Eureka, he
Nov 4.
Sailed Nov 3 — Stmr Francis H Leggett. for
San Francisco.
Palled Nov 5 — Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
ci«co.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 5 — Stmr Sa
moa, hence Nov 4.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 5 — Stmr Empire,'
hence, Nov I.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 6— Nor «tmr Ti
tan!a, for Nanalmo.
HARDY CHEEK— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr
Marnhfleld. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNS END— Sailed Nov .1 — Schr
I Manila, for San Francisco; schr Ensign, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Nov
4— Ship Bangalore, for San Pedro via Balti
more.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 5. 9 a m— Br stmr
Coptic, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
IQUIQUE — Arrived Oct 20— Br stmr Ashantt
from Antofagasta. to load for New York
I'L'NTA ARENAS— Arrived Oct 20— Ger
stmr Anubl*. from Hamburg for San Fran
cisco.
SALAVERRY— Sailed Oct 4— B r etmr Coya,
for New York »v." * v
GUAYAQUIL— Called Oct 19— Ger etmr Ser
bia for Hamburg.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived Nov 5— Br stmr
Athenian, from Yokohama. <¦
Sailed Nov 5 — H B M stmr Grafton for
Plymouth. England, sailed on 24 boure' notice
under special Admiralty orders.
Passed In Nov ."' — L'r «mr Wyefield, hence
Nov 3 for Nanalmo.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 5— Btmr La
Tcuralne. from Havre.
Sailed Nov 5 — Stmr Zeeland for Antwerp*
*tmr Campania, for Liverpool; stmr Neckar'
for Naples; stmr Siberia, for Kingston; stmr
Minnrhaha, for London :y stmr Astoria for
Glatpow; stmr Patricia, for Hamburg.'
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Nov 5— Stmr St Paul
from New York. '
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Um.
brla. from New York.
j LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr Celtlcu
t from New York.
Sailed Nov &— Stmrs Victorian and Lucania.
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr Vaderland
f Op New York. * ¦
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Nov B — Stmr New
York for New York.
GENOA— Sailed Oct 31— Stmr Corea for
New York. Nov 1— Stmr Nord Amerlka for
New York.
BREMEN— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr Cassel. for
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr La Lorraine
for New York. '
NAPLES— Arrived Nov 5-gtmr Sicilian fm
ARRIVED
Saturday. November 5.
Stmr Callfornian. Dow. 82 hours from Bel
linKhem; put in to finish loading.
Strar Bonlta, Prcble. 63 boura from San
Pe«!ro.
Stmr Prentlss. Ah!«trom, 26 hours from Eu
rfV«.
Ptmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 82 hours from
day* Harbor, bound south; put in to Und
ps'*rnsrem.
¦\Vhnl stmr Alexander. Tilton. 14. days from
t'pn'aska.
?hi»> f?t» r of Hwrli, Lindberg. 18 days fm
Karluk.
Hrh r A F Coats. Morris. 13 days fm Everett.
CLEAHED
Saturday. November 5.
Stay City of Part. Hrown. Ancon via Mexl
in and Central American poru; Pac Mall 3
8 Co.
Ftmr (,'u. m Thomas, Victoria, B C. etO'
P»c Coaet S S Co.
The Tims Hall on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at neon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge:
Branch Hydropraphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
November 5, 19C4.
Time Ball.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Franc-fcco „
Bay. Published by official authority of the
• Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front 'Misaion-rtreet wharf) about 25
minutes lat»r than' at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the came at both places. - •
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER «.
Sun rises 6:41
Sun pets .'...6:00
Moon rise* 3:16 a. m.
D Time . |Time| ITlme Time
£ Ft. I -I Ft. [ '-' Ft. -i Ft.
? L W |H Vr\ |L W H WJ
"c 3::i7J 1.7 10:00 6.9 4:2C — 0.3 11:18 8.1
7 4:10]' 2.0 IO:3» 0.0 5:13—0.6
H \Y| L W H \V L W
8 0:101 5.0 5:00 2.3 11:20 6.0 0:00—0.7
» | 1:00| 4.9| 5.4S 2.7112:00 6.8 6:49 0.7
10 I 1:071 4.8i ti.'M', :i.0!12:4:i 5.5 7::«»| — c>.5
11 2:501 4.71 7:24! 3.1 1 1:30 5.2 8:2S<— 0.2
12 | 3:4»i| 4.7| 8:25|_j5.2j 2:24 4.8 9:20| 0.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninst tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive titles of the
day In the order of occurrence a» to time; the
fourth time column gives the lftft tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heljrht. and then the number
given Is subtra'cted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. • ."
Sun, Moon and Tide.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr Bel
sravia. from New York.' ¦ v, a
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Nov 5— Stmr
Sib.iia::. from San Francisco via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
; ;¦„:¦¦.• OCEAN STEAMERS. 7»-.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr St
Paul, from New York, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr Iver
nia. from Boston, for Liverpool.
GLASGOW — Sailed Nov 5 — Stmr Numldlan,
for New York; stmr Siberian, for Philadelphia.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Nov 5 — Stmr New
York, from Southampton, for New York.
Weather Report.
ALEXANDER BRINGS IN RICH CATCH
"Old. Oa.pta.in. Bill," a- Olia.ra.oter on tlie
Water Front, Is Fatally . H-u.rt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
40
RAILWAY TRAVEL
|LMiTEO TO CH!C:<y~.oli
i LEAVES KOKDAYS ind THURSDAYS !
9 at O:'IO a.m., through In 3 dayi.a
[a With diner and all trapping*. tl
Other Santa Te Trains:
7,:5o»'Sl For stc « kton . Fresncs Bakersfleld.
8:00 p'. m'.J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4 :00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:0U p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 441 Markat «t. and Ferry Depot
San Franclnco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.: also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
i^^l^^^j CAZADERO, Etc
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at tT-ufi
7:45. b:25, »:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; i : «. 3^'
4:35. 6:15. 6:50. 8:30. 7:15. 8;oo and 11:33 !
""Anivs at San daily, at t«:4»v !
7:85. 8:15. 8:60. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 1:30 2 : 55 -
iiS: 6:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 aid uffj !
P. IB-
tDaily except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5-:15 p. m. "^
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. in. dally — Caiadero and way station*.
' 8:15 p. bu. Saturdays only—For Caxadero.
etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «50 Market st.
VSRBX— Union Dcfiot. toot of m..^
: j RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I Tt»ihi» !«•?« and »r» «t»«
7°CT^WlSAN FRANCISCO.
V* »• *fc=]t ~jtl *¦<>» OCTQBM iS r>0l
' V^*^<bS/ F*«»t Dxpot
I \jy <Toot of MarSet Street >
: \ h'*"n — MAIN LINE. - a»»it«
i 7.00a Vacartlle. VViuier*. Kiunser / **"»
: 7.6Oa Bealeta. Elmlra and Saeramento.. 720<*
! 7^0a Vall'Jo. Sapa. Callatox*. SanU
' ICoaa. Martinex. Saa lUmos 620»
7 30a Nlle«.Trscy. Lnthrop.^toclt:on.... 7 20i»
• t 00a Snail* K*pr.-«t — (Vii\ I>»»H>.
Wllllam». Willow*. ?Krnto. i:od
BlnlT. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 750»
I 8 0OAD«»U. Woodland, KnlgnW Undlng. .
! MarjiYllle. Oro»llle 7-5O
8 30a Martinez. Anttoeb. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton. Xswmao. Lo» Banoa,
Mendota. Armooa, Hanford.
VliallA. rort«TTi:i« 4.2tl#
! 130a Fort Co it a. Mode* to, Mereed.
' Fretno. Oo»H#n Junction. U»a-
» ford. YUalta. HaS^naeld 4.5«»
I 839a Miea. 8«n Jo«e. Ltrermore. Stock-
ton. (tMIl:o«>. lono. 8acrametttoi,
I SlaryiTille. CUlco. Ued Blalt .... 4.Z0*
• 33a Oakdalo. Chlne«e. Jamettown. So- A9nm
I norm. TBoliimne and Anctlt..... «•«£
»COa Atlantic Express— Oirden and Eait. 8 ZUP
I ».30a Richmond. Marline* and Way
Statlont , .-••. •••«»
1 10.00a Tbe Orerland Limited — O*dea.
! omaa*.Chlc«o.l>«aTtr.K*«»aa
City. St. Loula i? loZ
I 10.00a VaUeJo...^ ••-; «2-2«*
10.00a Lot ABK<rle« Pa«icn«er — Port
Coita. Martlne*. Byron. Tra«r.
Latnrop. Stockton. Mereed.
Kayroond. Freino. Gotnen Jnnc-
t!on. lUR.'ord, Lemoore.- Vlf»U».
BakPT.a^ld. Jx>a An«»lM. ...... !•«£
t?0O«i Hayward. Nllea and Way Station*. 3- 20j
i ti OOP Sacramento ni»er Steamert tti.OO*
1 3J0P Benlcla. Wlntera. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knighfi Landtngu
Marysvlll*. OroTllle aad way
tuuona »5-5s*
S30P Hayward. Nllea and Way Statlona.. 7-B0P
3 30P Port Coita. Martinez. Byron,Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton, M o d e • t o.
Merced. Berenda, ?Te«no «ad
Way Stations beyond Pom Coit* 12-20*
400PMa«lnex.Si«nnamco,ValleJo,Kap».
CalUtORa. Santa Roa*. . ,f±9*
4 OOP Nlles. Tracy. Stockton »0*0*
4 30P Hayward. Sll«». irTinifton. Saal tS.JOA
Jo»r. Lltennor* I III.Ma
EOOpTda Owl LlmlWd— Newman. Lot
Banoa. Menduta. Fresno. Tnlart.
Bakeriaeld.LoaAnKSlea. .....~ ••BOA
t6 30P Bavward. Nile* and ban Jo»« Z 2 2 A
6. COp Hayward. Nile* and San Joaa 9 50a
6.00P Eaitern Exprew— Omaha. Chicago.
Ueuver. Kansas City, til. Louli.
Martlaez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Co! fax. T.eno. stparks. Muntollo, / m ' mn
0>sdea .:. 12-80P
t.OOp Vallelo. dally, except Sunday.... I -j tn.
70CP Vallejo. Sunday only.. I
7-OOp Klchmond, San Pablo. Port Coeta.
Martinex and Way station* ¦ 11.20a
7-OOPBeno Paaaeaetrr — Port Costa, Ba-
nlcls. Sataan. Elmlra. Dixoa,
Darls. Sacramento. Sparks. Tono-
pah. Keeier and Way Station*... 7.50a
8 05p Oregon A California Express— 8%>
nmento, Marysvtlle. Reddtng.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-SOA
9.1 Op Hayward. Nile* aad San Jose (Soa-
dayonly) 11.80a
COAST LI N E Marrow baa*-*).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-1 Ba Newark. Centervllle. San Joan,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa m
Crux and Way Stations 5 55*
T215# Newark, Centerrllla, Saa Joss.
New Almmlrn. 1.08 Oatos.Feiton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Station* f10 55»
4.15P Newark. Saa Jose, Lo» Gato«...|
«9-30p Hunters* Train (Saturday only)—
San Jose and Way Stations t7-2S»
COAST LINE (l*road Maa<re).
y (Third and Townsend Straeta.)
0.10a Saa Jose and Way Stations. 8-SOp
7.00a Ban Jose aad Way Station* 6 40p
8 00a New Almaden (Tuev, Frid.. only). 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster— Ban Jose, SallBM.
San Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa
« Margarita. San Lnls Oblspo,
Gnadalnpe, Gaviota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Mon-
talTO. Oxnard. Bur bank, Los
Angeles 10-30*
800a Gl'.roy. UolUster. Caatrnvllle. Del
: Monte. PaclSc Grore, Surf. Lon>
l poc 1030«»
8.00a *>*!» Jose. Tres Plnos.Watsonvllle,
Capltola, bauta Cruz, Pacllle
Oro*e. Salinas. Sad Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10s
10.30a Saa Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11 30a San Jose and Wav Stations 7.30:*
2 .1 5 P banJoieaud Way Stations 8 3S*
3 CLP Del Monte Kxpress— Santa Clara,
Ean Jo»e. Watsonvllle. Santa
Cruz. Del Mont*. Monterey.
Pactfle Grore 1215»
OOP Los OitM, Wright. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, rta Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge t10 43a
J-30PVa1fncla St.. South San Franclsce*.
Burilne.-.Tnr. San Jose. Gllroy.
I Hoi lister. Tre» rinos '10-4Sa
4 30p *an Jon* and Way Station* r8 00*
t5C0P SanU Clara, 3«n Jose. Los Gato*.
, and prtaelpal Way Statloa* (ex-
cept Sunday) tg.OO*
I |B.30p B'*aJos»aDdPr<nclpai'n'ayStatIon* 19.40a
i 6 46P Sunset Exprsss.— Uedwood. Saa
1 Jose,G!lroy,Sallnas,rasoKobIea,
; Ban Luis UblRpo. Santa Barbara,
' Los Aiisrlei. Pemlnz. El Pasot
; St-Louls. New Orleans, NewTork 8 Ifl*
B.45pP»J»ro, WatsoaTtlle, Capttola.
: haata Cruz. Castrortlle. Del
* Monte, Paclnc GroTe 10-30*
18>15p tauMateo,Berrsford.Belnioat,Saa
; Carlos, Ue-iwood. Fair Oaka,
! Menlo Park. Pslo Alto tf.JD*
8 30p ?»n Jose aad Way Station*. 8-38a
' 8 COp Palo Alto and Way Station*....... 10.15a
11.30p 8onth San Francisco. MUlbrae.Bar-
lincarae. 8aa Mateo. Belmoat.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto...... *s 4?»
«11S0p Mayneld, Mouauta Vlsw, Suaay*
vale. Lawrence. SaaU Clarm aad
Ban Josw ;.„ t>.43»
A for Morn int. p for Afternoon,
1 laaday excepted. t Sunday only.
«¦ Saturday only. b Monday only.
ibioD* at all atatio** oa Sunday^
CALIFORNIA KORTBWESTEBN RY. Ca
Tilinroa rerrr. root of Uarfco* Stro«t.
: bait rsAS Cisco to sax xataxtt*.
I WEEK DATS — 7:30. »:0O, 11:00 a. m.; V2:3i.
3:30, 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extr* U19
at 11:3U i>. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 ». m.
SIT NI> ATS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:30L 8:80.
S:00. 6:20. 11:80 d. m.
SAW RATAEL TO 8AS 7BA3TCZ8OO.
WEEK DATS— «:05. 7:35, 7:00 »:30 11:1*
a. nx: 12:50. 3:40, 0:00. 8:20 p. m.
1 Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 aad 6:33 ». ra.
SUNDAYS- «:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. ra.; 1:40. S:4«.
I 4:05. S:C3. 6:28 p. m.
i Leave j In ESact I Arrtr* ~~
; San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. ( Baa Fraa.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- | Sun- I W«ek
Day*. I daya. | Uoc | daya. | Daya.
7:30a 8:00a »:10a, 8:40 •
9:30 a IcaacU. 10:40 a 10:20 •
S:SOp 3:30 p ;.. 6:C5 p 6:2O a
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 pj
T:30a ~ 9:10 a 9:4O«
8:00 a Ncrato, 10:4O a 10:2O *
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:06 p 6:20 a
5:10 p 3:30 p and , 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Roaa. j
7:30 a ~~ 10:40 ajlO:20 a
8:00 a Fultoa. 7:35 pi 6:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p ( "
Wlndaor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbnrx. 10:40^10:10*
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:80 p G*yaerrllle. 7:30 pi 6:20 s
Cloverdal». ]
T:.1fla 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p| and Uklah. \ 7:35 p| 6:20 9
I ) Wllllts and i i •"
7:30 a| 8:0O a| Sherwood. \ 7:35 pf 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:0Oa| [ToT^O a]10:20 a
3:?.0p| 3:30 p| Gncrne-rille. | 7:3a p| «:20p
! 7:30 al »:0Oa! Sonoma. I 9:10a! 8 4O a
I 6:1( >pI 5:00 p|» Glen Ell«n. | 6:08 p| 6:2O p
! 7:30 a 8:00 a! IJ0-.40 a|1020 a
3:30p 3:30pl Sebaitopcl. I7:35p|«:a>p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulnhur
Springe and Mark West Spring*: at Lytton for
Lytton SprinK*: at Geyserrlile for Ska«K»
Sprlnga; at Cloverdale for th« Gnysers Boon*,
vjlle aad Greenwood: at Hopland for Dunran
Spring. Highland Spring. KetseyylUe
bad Sj.rlnics; So.la Bay. Lakeport Bartlett
Sprtnirs and Lake County Hot Springs- at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Spring
Blue Lakes. Laurel r>ll Lake. Witter Spring
Upper Lake Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's
Riverside. Llerly's, Buckneir*. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr-. Hot Spring HalrWa?
House Comptche. ¦ Hopkins. Mendoclno at y
Fort Braggr. Westport and rsal: at Wlillta for
Hearst and Sawyer.; at Sherwood for Fort
Bra«. Canto. Covelo. LaytonvlUeTOmmiln«
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hnbbard FrultlTS'
«d er Eu G reka erVtl * e - C * m * *' *%&^£a£k
dueed U *rl*t.* t(> Monday r( »n«»-trip tickets at rs-
be^nd 5^^.^.^,^^ *»"
buTldlnV ° fflC# ' Market • trMt - CfcroBleU
JAS. L FRAZIER. R. X . RTAN.
"en. Manager. Oen. Pass. AgU
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
J T> B S " y T? i> - jfffljK-- JrTtoTfZiZr
Uuuixj* 4:35? "aa-ard*r» ll r i-»r
MuSrarityfar 1^55^ Mni^
¦a ysss^j^ttgA.
Weekly Call, 51 uer Year
Free Next, Supday With
Tflj ¦ "SUNDAY GALL
The second superb picture in the incomparable
series of Magnificent* Reprodactions in original colors,
of Famous Paintings from the noted art centers of the
world, by the Great* Artists of all nations and of all ages,
now on exhibition in the Palace of Fine Arts at* the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
w3m^E0tSS^S^^^m * ¦¦¦.¦>%¦ •¦ ¦ i55^eBt '¦*& -v*" J "**•-' -^i ¦£" ' *^^fi ~^¦- • "•£/&* -fi^y^ ¦ p ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦--'¦¦¦- -¦* ¦¦-• ¦> <¦ - '-¦-¦- - ¦ - 'x^fiatsft^
BwfiSwH^^^Hl^B5p5iBiE8MBo^^^a^^«^^ftictff^?^' z'M - ¦¦ ¦^ i * '^ytTBtfeS?, '-^^ k*^ *^S*» **^ >^ ¦¦ ¦¦--¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ - - . ¦. . •
a jS-. k ¦*--** **>.-*v M ¦¦ ¦¦- ¦¦ ¦*¦¦ > ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦• ¦ *i3*£ J" '¦"¦ ¦¦* >fiS ¦"•¦¦-¦ tfit&k •'" J^Lli. "38J5j ¦¦ % ' ¦..¦•:,-:.¦ ¦ %&4&Q .\ ~ ¦
"FIRST STEPS," by Giacomo Mantegazza.
This beautiful picture, which is the work of the celebrated Italian art-
ist, Giacomo Mantegazza, is one of the best ever produced by this artist.
The human interest in the subject, as well as the wealth of color, make it
I most attractive to every lover of a fine picture, in which a beautiful child
is the central figure.
The artist has depicted the most lively interest on the part of the
whole party watching the little one's first efforts to stand alone and to walk,
and in the portrayal of the gorgeous costumes of the figures, as well as
the magnificent furnishings of the apartment, he has produced a most
pleasing picture.
These new Art Supplements are universally pronounced the finest and most valuable ever given with
any newspaper.
The demand for them is enormous and unprecedented. The only way to be sure of getting them is to
see your newsdealer or newsboy and V ' .
1 SpeaX for THE SUNDAY CALL in Advance !
SOLD BY ALL AGENTS, DEALERS, TRAIN NEWSBOYS. ETC.
•;::". '¦ -. _"*i._ : .NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: I Loans $1,139,870 500
decrease $2,407,100; deposits $1,106,152 400* de
crease $8,281,800: circulation $42,485,500, de
crease $663,400: legal tenders $77,850,700, de
ereasf $1,691,300: specie $231,299,800. decrease
$7,000,400; reserve $309.150.GO0. decrease->$8.
751.700: reserve required $299,081,100, decrease
$2,070,450; surplus $10,112,400. decrease $6,
681.250.
Weekly Bank Statement.
Cold-storage Butter, is quoted still lower,
but the fresh grades remain unchanged. There
are still large lines of creamery- of popular
brands, but deteriorated by lying a long tirn*
on the floors, which the trad* are trying to
work off. This Butter, fancy as to brand,
but no longer as to - quality, will have to be
got out of - the way before the market will
steady. In the meantime. If cold storage con
tinues pressed for sale at declining quotations,
there will not be much chance for steadiness
in fresh goods. Some houses • are reporting
less depression : in newly arrived creamery and
are anticipating a steadier situation ere long,
but the present condition, is one of continued
demoralization. - - ¦
Cheese continues firm, with stocks moderate.
./Another advance in. ranch Eggs, is reported
and fresh Eastern are also quoted higher. At
the same : time dealers report- that : the hotels
and -restaurants can no longer afford to buy
the 5 costly ; ranch and have transferred their
purchases to ' Eastern and storage good*. This
cuts -into the local demand, and in conse
quence . the market is not cleaning up as eag
erly; as It has for several weeks back., It Is
etlll- practically bare, however, as receipts are
light. : -
> Receipts were 38,400 lbs Butter. B31 « case*
Butter, Cheese and E?bs.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed , and Fine Crushed, «. 25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, flne 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit i Granulated, -de: Beet . Granulated
(100- Ib bags only), 6.90c; Confectioners' A 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C.
6.40c; "D," 6.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, BOc more; 50-lb bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels!
€.BOc; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos,
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7*i©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%©7%c. according
to quantity. ¦ - - ¦ . . , \
OILS^ — Quotations, are for barrels; for case*
add Be; Linseed. Blc per gallon for boiled and
40c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' A A. cases. $1 10«fl 12: Lucol. BOc for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut cases.
C6@80o per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels,
56c for Ceylon and 65c for Australian ; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm OH. 63c; extra bleached winter Whala
Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra winter
(trained Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil. 63c;
pure Ncatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatafoot XM1.
C3c;, light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Faint
Oil. 31c. .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; 1 Pearl .Oil. In cases. 19%c: Astral -19%c;
Star,19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized- Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
16c; In cases 22%c; Benzine, in bulk. ISc; in
cases. 19%c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c:
in cases. -31c.
TURPENTINE — Sic per gallon In cases and
75c: in drums and Iron barrels.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New -Wel
lington, $S: Seattle, $6 BO; Bryant, $6 60;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 60; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke,
$11 60@K< per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks:
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 60 per short
ton. •
BAGS— Grain Bags. $5@3 25; San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine, 7%c:
Fruit Bags, 6%@7%o for white and 7c for
brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
Poultry closed the week with the market
dull and quite • a' heavy surplus of Western
and domestic stock unsold. Six cars of West
ern were marketed during the week and
toward the ¦ end handlers experienced con
siderable difficulty in effecting clearances,
even at greatly reduced prices. LJve Turkeys
and Geese were in good request right along
and available supplies of those ' descriptions
cleaned up readily, from day to day.
Game was In good request and all descrip
tions cleaned up quickly. Hare, Gray Geez»
and most kinds of Wild Ducks were higher.
POULTRY — Live -Turkeys, 16@18c for old
and 21®23c per lb for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@2; Goslings, $2®2 25; Ducks. $4 5003
p£i dozen for old and $5@>6 for young; Hens.
$4@4 50 for small and $5@5 50 for large: young
Roosters $5@C 50; old Roosters. $4®4 50; Fry
ers ' $404 W> • Broilers. $2 50@3 50; .Pigeons.
$1 50: Squabs.' $2@2 25. ¦ • '
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $3@7 per dozen;
Canvasback $3@7; Teal. $2 BCX33; Sprig, $2 30
@:S 50; Widgeon. $1 50®2 25; Red Heads,' $2 50
®3 50- small Ducks, $1 50@2; Gray Geese,
$3 50@4; White Geese. $1 50@2; Brant, $1 50©
2 50; Honkers. $3*3:5: Snipe. $3 for English and
$1 50 for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare, $1.75;
'Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 60 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Chicajjo.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts 400;
steady to lower. Good to prime steers, $6@.
6 90; poor to medium, $3 75@5 SO;- mockers
and feeders. $2@4 15; cows, $1 4004 30; heif
ers, $1 75Q5; canners, $1 25@2 25;. bulls. $2®
4; calvea. $3@7; Texas fed steers/ $3 25<g/S;
Western steers, $2 90@5 45.
HOGS — Receipts. 16,000; Monday, 11 000; 5i$
10c lower. Mixed and butchers, $4 SOS5 15;
good to choice heavy. $5 O5@5 25: rough heavy,
$4 75@4 80; light. $4 80@5 10; bulk of sales,
$4 «0®5 05. ':.& ¦-£:-;,'>.
SHEEP — Rocetpta 1000; sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 25@4 60;
fair to choice mixed, $3 00®4 10; Western
sheep, $304 40; native lambs, $4©3 63; West
ern lambs. $1©5 CO.
Kansas City. . . VV
KANSAS ¦ CITY. Nov. 0. — CATTLE^—Re
ceipts 1000; steady. Native steers, . $3 50@
6 25: native cows and helfera. $2 25@4; bulls,
$1 75®3 25: calvea. $2 26©5 50; Western
steers. $3@4 50; Western cows, $1 50@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, COCO: weak to 5c lower;
bulk of sales, $4 76@5. H«a,vy, $3@5 10;
packers, S4 80<S5 06; pigs and light, $4 40®
4 90.. fc
SHKEP — P.ecelpts. 1000; steady. Muttons.
¦$3«fS 25; lambs, $4 25@5 70; range wethers,
$3 50®4 40; ewes. $2 60@3 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Nov. 6. — CATTLE — Receipt*. 300
unchanged. Native steers, $3 76@6 25; West
ern steers. $2 0CK94 50; range cows and heif
ers, $2 25@S 50; stockers and feeders, $2 25®
HOGS — Receipts 6000: market lower. Heavy
$4 bO04 95; mixed, $4 7o@4 90; .light, $4 85a
4 00; pigs, $4 25<g5; bulk of sales, $4 87V.&
4 90.
SHEEP — Receipts, none; steady.
CATTXiE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO, Nov. B. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries 15 / 3'23%c; dairies, 14®>19%c. Eggs,
steady at mark, 16%®19%c. Cheese, easy, 10
@10%c
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
Trading Very Fair, bnt Fluctuations
Few and Narrow.
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchange
waa rather above the usual Saturday volume,
but fluctuations were fewer and narrower than
on the preceding day. The North Shore bonds
were dull at $33 50. buyer 3. only $1000 sell-
Ing. There was rather more doing In the oil
shares and the Tonopahs also recorded fair
! transactions. Tonopah Belmont leading ¦with
! a substantial advance to 88c.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 50,235 shares, valued at $25,331. the lead.
Ing sales being as follows: Associated OH.
35.060 shares; Home, 2875; Independence
8200; Junction. 1600; Monte Cristo, 3200- Oil
City. 4000.
Ex-dividend yesterday: California Wine
Association. 60c; Onomea Sugar. 20c; Pacific
Lighting. 35c; Imperial Oil Company, regular
monthly. 20c per share, amounting to $20,C00;
Thirty- three Oil Company, regular monthly,
10c per share, amounting t» $10,000.
; A News Bureau report says of the Home Oil
I Company: "It Is yet undetermined whether
the November dividend will be declared. It
Is reported that the company will sink one or
two wells to obtain water for pumping • pur
poses, in which case It seems probable a divi
dend will be suspended. Dividends have been
declared- close up to receipts and the failure
of water for pumping purposes In October
cawed a falling off in production. Hence tha
dividend limit was not reached In that
month."
The Julia Consolidated Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 3c per share delin
quent December 8.
The gross earnings of the United Railroads
of San Francisco for September 1904 amount
ed to $617,642. an increase of $78,446 as com
pared with September 1903. For the nine
months ended September 30 1904 the gross
earnings were $4,917,010. an Increase of
$336,434 as compared with the corresponding
period In 1903. '
Central Eureka Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 7c. per share, amounting
to $21.000. ' payable November 10
The Sovereign Oil Company has declared s
regular quarterly dividend of l'Jc per share
amounting to $7500. payable November 15*
The Sterling Oil Company has also declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 7c per share
amounting to $17,500. payable November 15*
Captain N. T. Smith, treasons of the South
ern Pacific Company, has Informed a repre
sentative of a trade Journal that the Southern
Pacific Company had absolutely i>o interest
either present or prospective, in thv> stock or
bonds of the North Shore Railroad Company
and no Interest of any kind in the road The
North Shore official statements for November-
December. 1903, and January-February 1904
ehow that after paying operating expenses and
fixed charges for the four months there was a
deficit of $93,453; after February no state-
I"! 1 } 1 *. °. f ,,fSn? lngs were 1SBU ed; February ran
behind $30,643.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Nov. 8—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I *Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.-lOe^lOC^iMs qr cp new.130%131
4s qr reg...l06i41069il33 qr coup... 104% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W.5s. — — Oak T Co 6s. — 121
Asso Oil 5s. 82 — Do 5s 112 113
Bay CPC Bs. — 102% Do con 5n. — 103
Cal C G Ss.102%. — Oceanic S 6s. 51 —
Cal G & B g Om Cable 6s.l20% —
m & ct Bs, 81% 82% Pac G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-st C Ga.Ui% — P E Ry 5s.. — 105
C C "Wat 5s. — fl9 P & C H 6s.lO4 —
KdL & P Cs.125 — P & O P. 6s.ll4%113
F & C H 6«. — — Powell-st Cs. — —
Geary-st Bs.. 50 Sac EG&RSs.lCOU —
H C&S 5%s.lC5 — SF & SJV5«. — —
Do 5s ....IOO — Sierra R Cs. — ; — . '
lion R T fls.104% — S P of A 6s
L A Klec 5a. — 103% n»C{» 10S»J —
L A Ry 5s.. 115% — (1910) 10©;4 —
L A L Co Cs — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — (lJ)05)S r A. 101 101 «
Do gtd Ba.101 103% (1905)Sr B. — —
LAP lem 5s.l0l — (1906) 104 K —
Mkt-st C «s.U6 t— (1912) — —
Do lem Bs. — 117 SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
MVft MtTSs.103 110 Do stampd.1O7»6 —
NRR of C6s. — 107 S P B R es.lS4Ul.r5U
Do c* 11«% — S V Wat es.104% —
N P C R 5s.lO5',i — Do 4a ?dm. noi;i0014
X C Ry 6s.. — 112 Da 4s 3dm. M>H —
N C P C 5». OS%102% Do s mt*4s B»% —
N S R R Bs. — ' — P tkn Gv*KR«. JH —
OG L&H Bs. — 110 tT G * K 5s.ln2*4 —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 im of PP 4s. 83U —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 35 iPort Costa... — —
Marln Co... 53 61 «|S V Wat Co. 39 33%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.- 3% S!i B P O 4 E. 68% 57
Mutual E L. 10% 11 Stfcn G & E. — 5»4
Pac L Co... 59% 60U U O & E Co. —
INSURANCE. .
Flrem'a Fnd.310 340 1
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 130 |L P Jk A. .. .130 —
Anglo-Cal-. . S3% 8fi%!Mer Trust.... — -233
Bank of Cal. 423 424%|Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F National. — —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — Sav £LSo.. — 100
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California-..— 199 (Presidio 39 —
Geary — 40 }
POWDER.
Giant 63%— JVjgorit — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian' C. 6fi?l 67% Makawell C- 27*; —
Honokaa S C 15 >4 — Onomea S C. 3n% —
Hutch SPC 9T4 lOYt Paauhau S C. 16 U, —
KUauea S C. 2% — {-;_
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 90% 09«i|Oceanic S Co. 3% 3%
Cal F C A. 99U1«> "Pac Aux FA. ,4% —
Cal Wine A. — . 79 [Pac C Borx.138 157%
MV& MtTm. — 105 |Pnc S Tel Co.- 110
Morning Session.
Board — .:'-¦ '¦
. 50 Alaska Packers* Assn 99 50
10 Giant- Powder Con 63 75
15 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 67 00
200Honokaa S Co 15 50
1C0 Honokaa S Co 13 37Vi
800 Makaweli 28 CO'
75 Paauhau S P Co 18 50
23 Paauhau S P Co 1<S 37^
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 250 lbs* 4%@4 : !ie;
under 140 lbs, 4%@4%c; soft Hogs, not want
ed; Sow«, 20 per cent off; Boars, 00 per cent
off. and Stags. ' 40 per cent off from above
quotations. _ ... ; . : ., *¦ -
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7tf@7%c; cows and Heif
ers. 6%@6%c; thin Cows. 4S5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c per lb (gross weight.)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes. 3<S3%9
per lb (gross weight.)
LAMBS— $2 50@2 75 per head.
Wholesale rates from- slaughterers to dealeri
are as follows:
BEEF — 5@7c for Steers and 4®5o per It
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 5%@7c; small. 7@9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7 % %c; Ewes. 8®7o pet
pound.
LAMB— S@9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6@Sc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Most kinds Of miscellaneous vegetables were
In free supply and weak, Summer Squash,
Garlic and Okra being the only descriptions
to show any firmness. Fancy Tomatoes did
a little better, but there was no Improvement
In poor stock and leaking lots were freely
offered at 10c per box. :>:.¦-...
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 40®
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 30 per ctl;
Rive r Reds, . 75@85c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes,
75@S5c per ctl.
ONIONS— $1 25@1 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— String Beans, l@2%c per
lb: Wax Beans 2@3c per lb; Lima Beans.
4%®3c pe r lb; Tomatoes, 20@C0c per box;
Summer Squash, $l<frl.25 per box; Cabbage, 05c
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 25@
40c per box; Garlic, 4%c per lb; Egg
Plant. S5®4"Oc per box; Dried Peppers, nom
inal: Green Okra. 75@85c.pcr box; Green Pep
pers, 25@50c per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard
Squash, $10® 12 per ton for round lots.
Burbank Potatoes continued to arrive freely,
particularly from the river districts, and mar
ket conditions remained the same as reported
almost daily of late. The market is running
along In a groove and dealers do not expect
any improvement for some time. Four cars
of Sweets came into an already overloaded
market and prices were shaded. Onions con
tinued firm, particularly fancy stock, which
moved freely on shipping and speculative
account.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO, Nov.. 5. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, easy: winter patents, $5 :>0^>
5 40: straights. J4 90@5 20; spring patents, $5 10
©5 CO; straights, $4 70<£5 20: bakers', $3@4;
No. 2 spring wheat. $1 12@1 14; No.
3. $1 12®1 13; No. 2 red, $1 16@1 18;
No. 2 corn, 54%c: No. 2 yellow,
68%c; No. 2 oats, 29%c; • No. 2 white,
31%c; No. 3 'White. 30@31%c; No. 2 rye, 80c;
good feeding barley, 37(g38c; fair to choice
malting, 41@52c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 10; No. 1
Northwest*! n, $1 16; prime timothy seed. $2 60;
mess pork, per barrel. $11@11 05; lard, per 100
pounds, $7@7 02%; short ribs sides (loose),
$6 87%@7; short clear sides (boxed), $7@7 12%;
whisky, basis of high wines, $123; clover, con
tract grade, $12.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, harrelB. 18.200 15.000
Wheat, bushels 88,300 45,300
Corn, bushels 78,000 211,100
Oats, bushels 124,700 106.800
Rye, bushels 8.000 18.900
Barley, bushels 119,100 10,300
Cash Grain and Provisions.
There ! Is nothing new under this head. All
three markets rule firm and in excellent shape
for sellers.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %©lo under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c: light 0%er Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9%c for flight*
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10%c; Salted •Veal.
ll%c; Salted Calf ll%c : dry Hides, 17c; dry
Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
25@40c each; short Wool. 40® 65c each; me
dium. 75®«0c; long Wool, $1@1 50; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for
medium. $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Sklnsi — Dry Mexican. 30c: dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large, 60c; medium, 35c; small 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4©4%c "per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; Grease, 2%@3c. 1
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 9311c; Southern, 8@9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9@lle; Middle Counties, free, 12@14c;
do. defective. 10© 12c; Northern free, 12@14c;
do. defective, 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 16®18c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 2S%#31%c per la.
Hides,' Tallow. Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— Close: Money on call
¦¦¦•...'. no lo»ns. Time loans steady. 60 and
»*' days and fix months. 3%@4,per cent. Prime
jn< rcantile paper. 4© - 4Vi per cent. Sterling ex
<iianpf steady, with actual business in bankers'
hi!!s ct *4>^H^g4.6»j5O for demand and at
M K{7<)/tH.v"i75 for 60 day bills; posted rates.
SIM', aud $4 S7; commercial bills, $4 83j?
4 s.Vj.
Bar silver, o&c.
Mexican dollars, 46^»c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
heavy.
Xwr York Stock LJsU
E. F. Hutton 6l Co.. 49U California ctreet,
E&u fcYancisco, members of the New York
fclock Exchange, lurnish the following official
<iuotationb ot that Exchange:
fc*.:tt. j £tockb — .Hifch.Low.l Bid. I AeIc
'Afiams Express. j ] ,240 |244
£2.ti0u.Anialg Copptr ..; 73%; 71*»i 72%| 72J4
iAm Can Co ; j j 7% "l t
I Do U?d I I I 47 I 47H
l,4«o Am Car & Fy Co; 27% t 27% I 27%; 271*
lOO, Do p'd I M T »t MT»| S4%| Mii
100, Am Cotton Oil.. I 30^ 3s>^ j 3<>«-,j 30%
i Do pfd 1 1 80V»l «"
(Am Dist Tel j | \ 25 27
200|Axa Express 210 :210 ;2U8 212
dwArn Or Twine Coj 8 j 7%; 8 | 6* 4
200: Am Hide &. L. .j 5%j 5%j 5% 5%
( Do pfd j 2O I 22%
100 ; American Ice .. 8% 8 | 8 j 8%
400; Do pM 38 35% 35% 3tT*
(Am Linseed | 13 14
] Do pfd 34 -38
1.20") Am Locomotive. 23?%i 2S% 28% 28*i
HO Do pfd 97-,| 97% 96 98
JAm Malt 5 5H
I Do pfd 22 22T-4
S.WjAm Bm & Rf Co 74 73% 73*; j 73vi
100j Do pfd 111% 111% 111 IIM4
7.&00 Am fujrar 14«i s 14."> 145 145%
i Do pfd 137 139%
,Am Tel & T Co 141%'142%
Am T.,b pfd 144U.J145
100 Am Woolen .... 18V» 18»£ 18 18%
Do pfd 84i; 66
100 Anaconda 104% 104% 102 104
{Ann Arbor 30 31
I Do pfd 60 64
6.100: A T & 6 F 85«i 85>i «o*» 85%
4n«>[ Do pfd 101% 101 H 101 10i%
2,&uC> Ba.lt & Ohio &4», 94>i »4 94%
i Do pfd I 95 95%
iBay State Gas. I >;| 9-3S
«.500'B n T 67% 66*4] G7 I 67%
iBrook Un Gas 220 224
JBruns D & 1 8 8%
IButterick Co 50 51
SOOCinada 60 1 (Wit; 68
600 Canadian Paa .. 12$H ! 12S% 12SVi I28»i
1.000C & 0 45 44% 44% 44 Ji
'C A A 3G 39
I Do pfd 80 85
jC * E I pfd 130 145
jC I & L ptd 80 30
7,900 C ft G W 23% 22^ 23% 23^
100 Do pfd A G2 I 62 60 64
Do pfd B 23% 34
100 Do debs 85^ 85% S8 gR
200C St N W 194 J194 1193 194%
1,M9'C M 4 St P 171%!l7O%'l71 171%
I Do pfd 183 !l82 <180U'183%
80.10OCRI & P tnew) 33%! 32% I S34t 33»i
I Do pfd 73 72%| 72=4 73
Do 4s 76% I 76%
100 Chicago Term... 10H 8 10%| 10%
200; Do prd 23% 23% 23 23U
SOOChlcaro Un Trac 9% 9 9% 9%
i I.K> pfd 37 37%
C C C & ft L i «4 H5
I Do »>fd 112 114
fCleve I^or & W «5 75
I Dr. rfd 90 |12O
T.lOO'CoI Fuel & Iron.. 43% 42% 42% 43
SO0! Do nfd 78»4 76 77 .."...
4(J0'Col Hock C 4: I. 14% 14% 14%! 14%^
nocicol Southern 12-1 22% 22 «; 23 ;
100' Ho let pfd ... M«j 54%j 54 K>
Uio! Do 2d Dfd ...I Z3K 33% 33 3.J%
eOO'Ccnsolldated Gs 216% 21C 21« 216%
iCon Trb Co pfd 1 124 125
6.100' Com Products .. 19'i! 18% 19% l»'.i
WK>' Do pfd 7« 7« 7« 77
2nr»'T>! & Hudson... 1S4 llM 1K1^ 1K4
2O0 D L, & w '.115 315 305 " 320
ifX) D * R 0 23^4 2»'4 30 30%
::oo! no rfd 82% 82% R2% ss
|De« M & Ft D 23U 25%
30f» : Detroit X'a Ry.. 74*i 74*; 74 " 75
lOft'DetroU Scuthern 4', 4?i 4% 4^6
200' Do rfd 8»i 9U 0 9M
'Diamond Match 140 141
800 Distill Security*: 36 35Ti 3«
I Do Bonds ! 75 751J
lOODuIuth S S & A! 11 II 11 11*;
1«K>) Do pfd 10 lfl 1K% 20
20.4Wi Erie 39«J I 39 29^ j .13%
'i^ : 1>o Ist pr<1 ¦¦• T2 ' I 711 4 71%! 71%
200, Do 2d pfd ...I 61% 01% tilii MU
EiTH 1 60 CZIL
Li*» i'" 1 i so «r.
jOn Chemical 49 53
i<WGep El«-.tr!c".".'.'i73'.i 173% 173>4|173
|Ot Northeni rfd.! lfll iyxi
C.SXiO Ore<-n Con Cop. I 24%l 24% 24«i| "4%
20fi:Hocklnr Valley 80 I S.f» RO 8.1
200: Do rfc- I W! I RR s*t f&ij,
-•Oolllinoi? Central .:i42T4ll42«i 142T4U4.1
.oo.Inter P&t>er ( i«i^ i« iki^I 18%
1OC.i r>, r ,a 771, 77 j/ 77 7B i 7H n
JOO'Intcr Powrr ....I CO 60 53% «O>i
>W Pump ! I 3S^ 39
....... j Do pfd I |79 R2
100;Iowa Central ...! 27% 27«i *»7U 27T4
1001 Do Pfd ! 43 1 «| Js^ 49 k
....;..!K»nawha X- M...J ! ."uii
LWO'KC. Fti=& M pf<i! kj ! soiil soa; ri
WlKsr. city Smith. I 23V. j 2»>i! 2J»>! WU
;»oo! D« vfi ... !-....!.....! w»*;i £1
'K"0kuV Jk D»M.I '.....I J5 i 1714
!l*<?i«i« Oai> r'*d.' i 1 nT'Mioo
'Lake Krie & W.I ! | S5 j :>.r.
I Do pfd ' 1 JlOO -102
il/in* Island 1 1 1 RR j on
I.OWVX * N* 'W2riJWJ%jl32^!ISl
4Cf>'MaTihattan I1C1*;J161U lGlHiie*
..tManhBt Beach. |..... ..... »H 11
The Bean market Is not as firm as it was
several weeks ago and every few days quota
tions for some description or other are shaded.
The latest shading is in Small White, which
are cow not quoted over. $3 30. The market
continues quiet, the only movement being th«
shipments to the Southwest mentioned fre
quently during the past few' weeks. Receipts
continue to show a large percentage of goods
damaged by the early rains. ...
BEANS— Bayos. $2 76@3: Pea. $3 IOCS 25:
Butters, $2 75@3; small White. $3 15@3 30;
large White $2 40@2 65; Pink, $1 75@3 15, ac
cording to condition; Red. $4 25*34 50; Lima,
$4 10@4 20; Red Kidneys $4 50@4 75; Black
eyes $2 60@2 70 per ctl;' Horse Beans, $1 85
<g2 40
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 76®5; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax, $2®2 75; Canary. 6%
®7c; Alfalfa, 15%@16%c; Rape. 1%®2%c;
Timothy 5%c; Hemp 3%@3%c per lb; Millet,
2%<@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 75@2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75^2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
25 Paauhau S P Co 1« 23
60 Paauhau S P Co 16 12«i
25 Spring Valley Water Co 3t» 25
$l,OCt> Cal Gas & K G M ft C T 5a. «2 HO
$3,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 105 CO
$1.(100 N P C R R » per cent 106 60
$l,C0O North Shore 5 per cent b 3. 93 5O
$5,0C0 S P of Arizona (1D09) 103 CO
$5,000 U R R of S F 4 per cent 85 S1Y%
Street —
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 90 50
100 Makawell 28 CO
$5,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent.113 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask,
Bay CPC 6s. — 101 »SF & NP 5s. 112 112^
B L Wat 6s. — U4%|S P C R 4s. 93 108
Cal NW 5s.. 113% — IS P Co 4% 9 .l01t; —
M C Wat Ss.lCO — Sun Tel es...H4 1 i —
His I Wks5s — 1C5 Do 5a . 106V4 —
SF Drdk Ss.112 — Suttr-st R3s.lC4. —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 2tt |Lon& SF Bk. — 60
Amer Bis Co — 00 | Mat Nav Co. 60 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — INev Nat Bk.20O —
C Jockey Cl — 112%IN S R R 5s. 9«-J —
Cal Powder. t30 145 IN Cal P Co. 9% 19
Cal Ship Co. — 21 I Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal T I A T. — 1S5 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak 60 72%|IOOF Hall A 6% —
Chutea Co .. 5 5*i!Orpheum Co. — 16*4
City ft C Bk — 12l> ! PacC Cas Co. 135 —
Cyp L Imp.. — «%IPac Sur Co.ms —
East Dynm.. — 375 iParaf Paint.. .*» —
DptPwd pfd — 85 IS K Drydock. — «
Do com ..40 50 [SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
FN Bk Oak. 12« — Is J Wat Co.103% —
Fischer Thtr 5>5c — I SO & MTsrbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.107 IIS I Swiss- A Bk..ll3 —
Oas Con A.. 1S% 19%: Truck Elect.. 11% —
Hono P Co.. 24 25 I UR InC pfd. «O 62
Do pool .. — 27 I Do com ... 12% —
California Stocks and Oil Exchange,
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 75
Associated Trust Cert 25 ....
California Standard 1*
naremont 77% 85
Four ....•.¦•.¦.....•....•.. 57 ¦ • • . •
Fulton 75 IOO
Kanford 185 00
Home "S "•*
iT'dependenc* •*' 32
Monarch {at ArtzortO ".'.'.'.'.'. " 25
Monte Cristo 72 75
Occidental of W Va *H
Oil City Petroleum 57
Senator .- - s(>
Sovereign 33 Xi
Sterling 1 2 no 2 15
Twentv-eUht 10 54> 15 001
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Impt 125
Fischer's Theater «*» tort
Northern Cal Power » 5« 1« tW>
Truckee Electric 11 0O 12 0O
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Cal Standard tt
100 Fischer too
100 Home 7O
200 Home «*
Ifioo Home •. *r
120O Junction 1*
500 Monte Cristo "•"*
2000 Oil City Petroleum 58
10,637 Associated Oil 29
Mining: Stock?.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
500 Alpha 13! 100 Potosi It
10O Best & Belch. 1 051 1W> Potosi 12
SCO Chollar 18f 700 Savage 27
100 Gould & Cur. 13 2C0 Union Con . 50
300 Mexican 1 25;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
\lpna 14 lSUulla n? oh
Alta OS 05UustIce OS 08
Andes 25 21Kentuck 02 nt
Belcher 22 231 Lady Wash .. K 04
Best & Belch.l 05 1 15iMcxlcan 1 20 1 25
Bullion 1» 20| Occidental ... 74 "ft
Caledonia 3« SS'Ophir 2 35 2 to
Challenge ... 17 19! Overman ..... 13 1*
Chollar IS 10'Potost 11 12
Confidence ... SO R5! Scorpion f)7 09
Con Cal & V.I 7O 1 75! Savage . .' 27 2S
Con Imperial. 01 02!Seg Belcher... «*5 07
Con NY OT, C5i Sierra Nev... 27 2O
Crown Point.. 07 IW Silver Hill B0 51
Eureka Con.. — 50' St. Louis .... OS 10
Exchequer ... 42 4H?yndicate OH or.
E. Sierra Nev 0:{ f 5' Union Con 48 SO
Gould & Cut. 12 13'Utah 08 09
Hale & Norc. 68 "OfYellow Jacket. 18 19
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session. , 9
400 Gold Anchor. 221 500 Ton Midway. . 4ft
300 Jumbo Ex .. 20) 300 Ton Ohio 32
ICO Mont Ton..l 92%!120O Ton Ohio 33
500 Paymaster .. 03t 20O Ton of N«r...» 25
300 Ray & O'Brien C7l 100 West End .... IT
2000 Rescue 10[
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah. '
• Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev..» 00 9 50| Rescue 08 IO
Mont Ton ...1 90 1 03! Ray g. O'Brien — 03
Ton Exten ..1 85 2 CO 1 Pay master ... 02 OS
MacXamara . 2« 28' Little Ton ..30
Ton Midway.. 40 — |Esperan»a 01 02
Ton Belmont.. 83 —I Gold Anchor.. 20 —
Ton N Star. .. 17 I9'QuIncy 11 — .
West End ... — 17! N Y Ton Con. 10 —
Ton Gold Mt. — 18!
GoldHeld.
Sandstorm .. IS 2U Jumbo Ex .. 2O 23
Red Top 11 14! Vernal MIn ..09 —
Ooldfleld Mhk — ISfGoIdfleld 86 —
Jumbo 44 43'
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sal»~ on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
10O Black Butte.. 20'2C00 N Y Ton .... It
25O Cent Eureka. 1 50' 1O0O Red Top .... 15
100 Columbia 25' 500 Red Top IS
200 Golddeld S6f 50O Ton Belmont.. SO
1500 Jumbo Ex... 20; M0 Ton Belmont.. «
50 Jumbo 45' 1500 Ton Belmont.. S5
50O Jumbo 44' 1300 Ton Midway. . 4r>
200O MacNamara . 2«l 250 Vernal C©
1500 MacNamara . 27!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Adams 10 111 Mont Ton-.l 92*i 1 9S
Black Butte. 21 — 'N* Y Ton OTJ O5
Blue Bull .. — 2S'N Y Ton Con 11 12
Booth 10. — (Paymaster ... 02 —
Columbia 23 23'Quincv 11 —
Diamondfleld. 36 42! Ray Exten . . — CS
Esperanza ... — 01! Ray * O'Brion — 1O
Goldfield Bull — 14! Ray Tonopah. — " 14
Ooldfleld D.. — 20! Red Top 12 IS
Goldfield OB — 20' Rescue Oft it
Goldfield Nev 57 f.SlRothwell IO
Ooldfleld M.. — 2n;sandstonm ... lf» —
Golrtfleld R L — 07[Ton Belmont. . Kl SS
Ooldfleld S P — lS'Ton & Oil 13 2<>
Ooldfleld Ton. — ll'Ton Cash B. — 12
Gold M Con. — C2'Ton Exten ..1 S5 1 $V>
Kazel Kirk.. — 12jTon Gold M. 17 1*
Jim Butler.. 43 60'Ton Midway.. .T«J 40
Jumbo - . 47 — tTon of n>v..9 nn J ;.*
Jumbo Ex .. 1» 20tTon N Star.. 1« ¦
Little Ton .. .*-% — I Vernal 00 1O
Lucky T»m.. 02 05(West End ... 13 1*
Hams and Bacon are reduced %c all around,
the reduction to take effect to-morrow. The
market continues dull, here < and elsewhere.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c pe r lb for
heavy. 10%c for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar
cured; dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12%®12%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 12@12»4c; Mess Beef. $10®10 50
per bbl; extra Mess. $10 50® 11: Family. $12®
12 50; prime Mess Pork. $14 50: extra clear,
$23; Mess. $17 60; Pig Pork, $26; Pigs' Feet,
$5: Smoked Beef. 14c per lb. :=• .' ".
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 909%c for pure; half-barrels, pure, Ohifi
9%c; 10- lb tins. lOtfc; 5-lb tins, 10%c; 3-lb
tins 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8Jic; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Provisions.
New York Money Market.
Hay continues weak and receivers report the
demand slow. Some very poor lots, damaged
by the early rains, have sold down to $2 50®3
per ton during tJ^e past few days. There is
no further change in Bran. "¦ t
BRAN— $18@19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 60©2S per ton.
SHORTS— $18@19 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23024 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50® 32 50;
jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $23(824: Cocoa
nut Meal. $24(R25; Corn Meal. $31@3l 50:
Cracked Corn $31 60@32r Mixed Feed. $22 50ff
23; Horse Beans. ' $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. . '¦
HAY— Wheat. $10@16; Wheat and Oat. $1O»
14; Cat. $9@12; Barley and Oat. $8@U; Volun
teer Wild Oat, $7® 10: "stable. $9@10;. stack,
$5 50®7; Clover. $7® 10; Alfalfa. $0@12 .per
STRAW— 35060c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 8fr£
5 10 usual terms; Bakers' ¦ Extras, $4 70*35;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
MIF.LSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $2 75 per 100 ll<s;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Bice Flour,
$7- Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $C «0;
Oa't Meal. $4; Oat Groats. $4 25; Hominy,
$S 60#3 85- Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
Wheat $3 75; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, 'f 3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $tt 7507 50: in
sacks $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes'. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5. — Early In the scission
sentiment in the wheat pit was rather bearish.
The depression was due to a variety of
reasons, the principal one being lower cables,
more liberal receipts Northwest and rain
reports from Oklahoma. Pit traders were fair
sellers at the start. Initial quotations showed
losses, December being down %c at $1 11^4.
May was off ijc to }£c to %o
to V>c at $1 10% @1 H14. There was
a fair demand from commission houses,
but the volume of trading was com
partlvely light. The main cause of Inactivity
was a desire quite generally expressed among
traders to hold aloof until arter the holiday.
A partial revival of interest occurred during
the latter part of the session, the market be
coming quite firm on moderate covering by
Ehorts. "-."'•
Part of the buying was due to a local crop
expert's report which, while admitting that
winter wheat conditions are generally good,
claimed that the drought Is severe in Kansas.
Reports of sales of cash wheat for Buffalo at
half a cent ove r the price of the May delivery
caused some additional covering. Just before
the close the Decemher option sold up to
$1 12% and May to $1 11%. Final quotations
on December are %c higher at $1 12. and
May closed li'SUc up at $1 11%.
There was a Jight scalping trade in corn
over a narrow range of prices. December
closed %@«c up at 48%«N8%c.
In the oats matket trading was very quiet.
December closed a* 28%c, %@Uc up.
Provisions were Xasy early, but firmed up
later At the close January pork was up a
shade', lard was 2%c higher and ribs were a
shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 1 11% 1 12',i 1 Hi, 1 12
May 111% 1 11% 1 10% 111%
July 97% 98% 97% 97%
Corn No. 2 —
December 48% 48% 48% 48%
May 45% 45% 45% : 45%
July 45% 45?4 45% 45-)i'
Oats No. 2 —
December 28% 2S% 28«4 28%
May 31% 31 >4 31% 31%
Julv 31 31% 31 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 47% 12 57% 12 47% 12 55
May., .12 50 12 65 12 50 12 52%
Larff per 100 lbs —
January 7 07% 7 07% 7 02% 7 07%
May 7 12% 7 20 7 12% 7 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 50 6 52% 6 50 6 50
May 6 62% 6 tS2% 0 62% 6 62%
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balances, $148,009,240; gold, $83,-
S00.598.
Dried Fruits. Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
The New York Journal of Commerce says
of that market: "Probably never before at
this time of the year since the business In
California Dried Fruits assumed Important
proportions have available spot stocks been
so short or the outlook for additions to tha
supply so uncertain. The latter condition Is
due to the interruption of the process of cur
ing fruits by the recent unfavorable weather
on .the, coast and subsequent delay In ship
ments. This Is particularly true of raisins,
which as a late crop suffered more than other
fruits from the effects of early rains."
The condition of the New York market ap
pears In the first column.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7%@10o for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
6%@7%c for White and 6%@7c for Red;
Peaches, 7%@8%c per lb; Pears. 7®12c;
Plums, pitted. 6@6%e for black. 7%®8Vio
for red and 7@8Vjc for yellow; Flgj, 2-crown
bricks DOc; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown, 60c; 6
crown «5c; bulk white 2?i@3c: black, 3Uc.
Evaporated Apples 5@7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%@1%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2ViC basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. v o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters $2 25®2 50; Dehesa. $1 30@l 33:
London Layers. S5c®$l 10: Loose Muscatels, 4.
crown, 4%c: 3-crown. 3*ic; 2-crown, 3\4c;
Seeded 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4^,c;
Seedles's Sultanas, 3!4c per lb.
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12©
12%c; No. 2, 10ffl0%c: No. 1 hardshell. 12c:
No 2 10c: Almonds. 16©17c for Nonpariels.
14@14%c for I X L. 13@14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts, 607c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@3;
Chestnuts, 8@12%c per lb for California and
12%@14e for Italian.
HONEY — Comb. 11%®13c for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. B%@
6c; light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark. 3©
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb. .
NOTr YORK, Nov.. 5. — Total Import* of dry j
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $14,753,662.
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were $5,S30,878 gold and $276,965 In sil-
Imports of specie at New York during the
week were $28,093 in 'silver and $2S,2S. In
gold. . .
Exports and Imports.
Nicaragua— Nominal. Stock, 025 bags: 11%
©13%o for prime to fancy washed: 9t;«jlO%c
for fair to strictly good washed; 8%@9Hc for
good to superior unwashed; 9%@10c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock 19.612 bags) and Mexican
(stock 6S2 bags)— 13%@14%c for fancy wash
ed, nominal; 11%©13c for prime to strictly
prime washed, nominal; 10%@llc for strictly
good washed: 10®10V4c for good washed; 9%@
9%c for fair washed; 8@S*;c for medium:
5«i®7%c for inferior to ordinary; lOViSlUio
for good to prime washed peaberry; 9%<gl0c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9U®
9%c for good to superior unwashed.
Receipts of Produce.
, FOR SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5.
Flour, qr sks... 6,224 Rolled Oats, ska 233
Wheat, ctla 4.522 Wool, bales 25«
Barley, ctls ..». 26.823 Shorts, sks 230
Corn (West), ctls 1.1001 Tallow, ctls 230
Rye, ctls 703' Leather, rolls ... 162
Beans, sks 9.7771 Hides, No 1.613
Potatoes, sks ... 4.8041 Pelts No 2.575
Onions, sks 4.11 1 Lime, bbls C37
Bran, aks SCOi Paper, reams ... K33
Middlings, sks .. S93!Wine, gals 63,825
Hay, tons 391 [Quicksilver, flsks. 172
Straw, tons 4S| Raisins, bxs l,04»>
Hops.-bales 02] Sugar, ctls 010
Cornmeal (West), i Brandy, gals .... 1,530
ctls 400'
OREGON.
Flour, qr «ks... 7,026! Potatoes sks ... 565
Oats, ctls SSOlQhop Feed sks.. 1.2C0
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 400|Oats. ctls 500
Barley, ctls .... 756|Bran. sks 3.833
tion at iresent. and prices are somewhat nom
inal. Figs axe in slowly increasing demand
at the previous low range of quotations."
LontJun Layers, for which the demand Is quite
active. Interest in Malaga clusters continues,
but business for Immediate delivery is re
s-trietrd fcy the paucity of spot supplies. There
is on!y a small jobbing demand for Peaches,
but the limited supply keeps the market firm.
Apricot* a-re scarce, but receive little atten-
Mail a4v!ce« from New Tork say:.
"There is a little freer movement reported
In Prunes on orders from country buyers, but
purchases are rarely more than 25 or 50 box
lots. Spot supplier of Prunes available for the
ftilicg of »uch orders are light, tb« arrival*
continuing on a small scale, while the bulk is
deliverable to Jobbers on orders placed some
time eince. The Santa Clara Valley market is
developing a decidedly better tone, which is
attributed mainly to the reported destruction
of fully 60 per cent of the crop in outside dis
tricts This is said to be throwing into the
valley orders from outside packers who early
*old on a very low basis and now find them
#elv»s ur.able to make deliveries out of the
crop* in their own districts. Some sellers of
fc&:.-.£ Clara Prunes for first half of October
fhlpment at low prices have got an extension
Ot time from buyers and are buying the goods
or are turning over the business to others
•uho are willing to make all October ship
ments on the basis of the original purchase
price. Offerings of coast seeded Raisins for
epot or forward delivery continue light, but
the majority of jobbers seem to have enough
goods bought Jor the present, and th* scarcity
of supplies Is without effect upon market
prices except to keep them very firm. There
are few fancy seeded out of the old crop to be
had. Buyers do not s^em to be interested in
• 'alifornia loose Half ins. but these are not
being urged. There is a great scarcity of
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5. — Cotton futures opened
steady; December, 9.74c; January, 9.83c; Feb
ruray, 9.8«c; March. 9.95c; April 10c bid;
May. 10.05c; June, offered, 10.03c; July, 10.05c
bid.
Futures closed steady; November, * 9.87c;
December, O.SOc; January and February, 9.&9c;
March, 9.95c; April, 10.00c; May, 10.05c; June,
10.03c: July, 10.07c.
Cottcn spot closed quiet; middling uplands,
10.15c; middling gulf, 10.40c; sales, 21 bales.
New York Cotton Market.
LoesJ Baak Oeaxlnts for th« week Jnit
•cd»4. compared with th« c™™ 1 *??*}** £!?*
of la*t year. «h©w a ra4« of $1.64... 9*. being
$3.1.363,512. a«ain*t $31,721,718 in 1903 Tt«
elearlrrs durtcg the eame week in l»02 were
$26 S93 784 The flrure* tor 1902 represent the
cLarlngs for five <Ja>s only, a* election day
in that year was a State holiday and the
banks were closed.
Bank Clearings.
NEW- YORK, Nov. 0. — Business in S metals
to-day showed the usual Saturday falling off,
although the general undertone of the market
continued to display a decided firmness. ¦
Spot tin waa quoted at $28 S7%@29 95.
Copper was quoted hither on the outside
prices by some of the larger 'dealers.' Lake,'
$13 76®14 12%; electrolytic, $13 75®13 87%;
casting, $13 5O(8>1S 75. . Vvrr
Spelter, $5 35® 5 40.
Lead. $4 20@4 50.
Iron — Strong . and unchanged.
Xew York Metal Market.
Feed. $1 05®l 12%: • Brewing and Ship
ping. (1 15®1 17%; Chevalier. %\ 17%©1 22%
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Bewlon 9 to 11:30 \. m. •
• Open. High. ¦ Low. Closa.
December ..»1CO% $109% $1 09% $1 09%
May 1 00 . 1 09 .1 08% 1 08%
• OATS — Stocks and offerings continue ample
for-all current needs' and -the market Is quiet
and unchanged. : . •
White, $1 4C@1 B6»4; Surprise $1 55®1 60:
Red for feed, $1 32%@1 45 for' No. 1 and
$1 22%@1 30 for. No. 2; extra fine for seed,
$1 42%01 50; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 45(&1 60 for seed. ' -i >•
CORN — Considerable Western came in last
week, but stocks ¦ were light and It was all
needed, .hence ..the market shows- no change.
There are no offerings of any .consequence
on 'Change, as receipts '¦ pass from receivers'
to buyers'- hands almost immediately.
Western Facked. |1 45@1 50 for Yellow $1 45
©1 50 for White and $1 45 for Mixed; Califor
nia large Yellow. $1 45@1 50; small round
do $155®1C2%: White, .. nominal; Egrpilan.
S1*3G©1 45 for White, and $1 25@1 30 for
Brown. £ .
RYE — Continues firmly held at|l 37%@
1 42% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctL
CASH BARRET.
¦ Exchange and Bullion. " ;
¦-: Vtf local;
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. ..' — $1 Sl>4
SterHn* Exchange, sight — 4 87-
Sterling Exchange, cables ". — 4 8S
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 07 Vi
New York Exchanpe. telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — — 88
Mexican Dollars 45V4 @ 4t< r.
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris. 1.5.15%
New. York on Mexico 5 215 Va
Paris on London 2S.11
Berlin on London . .20.35^
Wheat and Other Grains. *
WHEAT-^Llverpool , • futures , xrere lower.
Chicago was. several fractions' higher, with
no new features torreport. ¦ • ¦-. ..:
..This market was slightly higher, as : far as
futures were concerned, but the -cash grain
was quiet and unchanged. ' The situation was
featureless all around. , • •
". ., - : . CASH .WHEAT. \
California. Club, . $1 45@1 62^; California,
White Australian, $1 5B@1 62V4;. Northern
Club. »1 45ig!l 52%; Northern Bluestem, $1 60
©1 62% per ctl. ¦ ; , • ,
FUTURES. , . .
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
• Op«n. High. Low/ Close.
December ...$1 44% ?1 45>4 . $1 44% $1 45K
Mar ........ 147 147 147 147"
BA.RLET — The week closed on a qulat and
featureless market. ¦ :_'¦¦
LOCAL MARKETS.
Liverpool Hop Market.
• LIVERPOOL, Nov. 5. — Hops in, London, Pa
cific Coast, £S@8 15s.
Wall-strcd stocks irregular and easy.
Cotton weak.
Local stocks and bonds have a good
Saturday's business.
I. < Kill bank clearings increase slightly
ov«t last year.
Wheat, Barley and other zrains con
tinue quiet.
Beans Inactive nnd casing: off. Haj
and Bran weak.
Potatoes and Vegetables in free supply
and weak- Onions firm.
Poultry dull, with considerable left un
sold. Game firm and cleaned up.
Active Sunday demand for fresh
Fruits.
Stocks of Raisins and Dried Fruits in
New York very light.
Butter still in excessive supply and de
moralized.
Cheese and Eggs In moderate supply
and the latter still Mgher.
Hams and Bacon marked down
So chance in I jard.
Wool, Hops and Hides still firm.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Coffee market reported quiet.
SU3I31ARY OF THE MARKETS.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels $S($3 00
per box: Seedlings. $2@2 25; Valendas (old
crop). $3 50®4; Lemons, $2 50® 3 for fancy,
$1 75@2 25 for choice and $1 25@1 50 for
standards; Grape Fruit. $2@2 50; Mexican
Limea. $4@4 50 per case; Bananas, $2®3 per
bunch for Central American and 75c&$2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples^ $2 50® 4 per dozen.
FIGS— 50c£$l per box.
GRAPES — Table varieties, C0®S3e tor
crates. 30050c for small boxes and $1 25®1 75
for open, boxes.
APPLES— $1 B0®l 63 for extra fancy. $19
1 25 for ordinary fancy, 50®90o for choice and
25040c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellls. $1©1 25 per box;
cook'njr varieties, 40©75c p«r box.
PERSIMMONS— B0@00o per box. *~* I
POMEGRANATES— 50@60c for small and
$1@1 75 for large boxes. ¦-•• > '.y ¦
QUINCES— 20340c per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 4@7c per lb
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $S@8 50 per bbl
for Early Black and $10 for New Jersey and
Cape Cod Late Red; C009 Bay. |2®2 75 per
box. u'sf*.
¦ Trade in fresh fruits was active under the
extra Sunday demand for local and near-by
account?, but supplies of nearly all descrip
tions were .well up to requirements and price
changes were few and slight. There was a
scarcity of Strawberries during the early
trade and availabl^VsuppIles cleaned up
quickly at a small advance. The day's re
ceipts of Malindas were not delivered until
the afternoon and most of them were turned
over to peddlers at the Inside quotation.
Huckleberries were in excessive supply and
hard to sell. Apples continued to arrive
freely, three .fresh carloads of Oregon stock
being marketed. , Prices were unchanged, but
it was difficult to obtain top rates for any
thing, as handlers of consigned stock were
shading quotations In order to effect -sales.
Grapes did better under light receipts and a
good demand for shipment to the north. Some
fine Isabellas sold up to $1 per crate.- A
straight carload of new Navel Oranges from
Portervllle was on eale and the market was
a little- weaker, with $3 50 an extreme figure
for well -colored stock. Several- small ship
ments were received by various houses from
the same : region. Tangerines from Orovllle
were selling at $1 25 per 20-lb box..
STRAWBERRIES— $7@U per chest for
Longworths. $l(g.2 50 for Malindas and $3©5
for the other lante varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
APRICOTS— Are attracting a better price.
Choice. t>%©10e; extra choice, .10%@16%c:
fancy, 11015c.
-PEACHES— Are dull. Choice are held at
939%c; extra choice. 9%@10c; fancy. 10%@
lie. -. - . ¦
EVAPORATED APPLES — Rule steady.
Common, 4%c: prime. 4 : ;4@J>c; choice,' 5(g5V2c;
fancy, *J@G%c.
PRUNES — Are generally firm. Quotations
range from 2c to 6%c, according to grade, f
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — The market for coffee , futures
closed steady et an advance of C'S'IO points.
•Sales, «S7.750 bags,, including*. December, «i.'J0@
«.H5c; February. 7,10^7.200; March, 7.1!(>@7.2iic;
May, 7.40«i 7. 45c: September^ 7.7.1c. Spot mm:
No. 7 invoice, S%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 10
@13c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm. Fair refinlne, 3^gc;
centrlfiipal. 90 test. 4 7.16c; molasses sugar,
3%c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Strong. Street nrlces: Ex'.ra
creamery, 24@24>4c; official prices: Western
factory, comir.cn to choice. 12M<610c.
EGGS — Finn, unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
Pacific Coast 1904 cron 30@3Sc; 1903 crop,
Z<m-Ur: olds, 14(??17c.
HIDES — Firm. Galveston, 15c; California,
19c.
V.'OOL— Firm. Domestic Ikcce. S2su:j. r ic.
The i-ate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%@3 per cent and for three
months' bills 3 per cent.
IMetropol Socur .! 82 1 81% Sl%| 81%
5.900 Metropol St Ry. 122TO122'i 122%ll22 a i
1.700'Mexican Central I 17%| 17*i l"5r 17%
JMinn & St L...J .. 56>i B8H
Do 1st pfd 94 05
200 M St P & S S M 9H S | 91Vi «1 SI1 H
Do pfd 146'/j 14S»-i
1.4oo;Mo. Kan i- Tex. 31%] :»t 31-% 31%
1,100) Do pfd 58^i r.8«ri 58% 53
8. 100< Missouri Pacific IO3»4 102% 102% IW*
Nash. C & St L 131 l"2>i
SOOlNational Lead . 25 24% 24% 25
1001 Do pfd 9S 98 »7 Vi «S%
20C1N R R of Mx pfd 40 39*4 39% 40« A
National Biscuit 4'.t 49%
Do pfd 111% 11'-%
i N .1 Central ... 1S4% 1S5%
600N T Air Brake . 135% 135 135 l.*7
8.300:N Y Central lOB'.i 134% 135 13514
I IN V C & St L 35% -"57
Do 1st pfd 110 116
Do 2d pfd 70 75
N T Dock 12 16
N Y N H & Hart 194 1V>5
2.200 N Y Ont & W .. 42U 42 42 42Vi
2,300;Norfolk & West "72% 72Vi 72^ 72%
Do pfd ." 90 95.
100! North American 80% 96% 90 86%
(Northern Secur K*Vi 105%
Omaha 147 160
Do pfd 188 190
O S L 4« 104 104,%
SOOjPaclnc Coast ... 80 79 79 80
I Do 1st pfd ... 100 1C5
200! Do 2d pfd 84 83% 84 85
300'Pacific Mail 40 39ii 39% S9T4
3S,100iPenn R R Co .. 135% 134% 134% 134%
MOO Peoples Gts ... 10SU 107% 108 1CSU
Pero MarquetU 75 80
Do pfd 77 77%
....~. P C C & St L 73% 75
Do pfd 95 98
600 Pressed Steel C. 32% S2 31*4, 31%
Do pfd 79% 80
Pullman Car Co ...220 227
2,200 Ry Steel Spgi Co 28% 28 27% 2S&
700 Do pfd 96% 97
8,400 Re&dlnr 73U 72% 72% 73
Do 1st pfd 86% 87
100 Do 2d pfd ' 79 ' 80
8.600;Republlc S & I. 14H 13% 13", 14
2 'lS2L I Jf pM BS1 * 8<H * M 6S ' i
400 Rubber Goods . 22% 22% 22% 22%
Do pfd S3 86
2.S00 Slcsa S S A I Co. 54% 54 64% 54%
•• Do pfd 97 99%
St J & O I 14 15
Do 1st pfd ... 51 53
Do 2d pfd 25% 27
StLASF 1st pfd 70 73
Do2dpfd.... 63 62% 62% 63
2,000j8t L & S W 23% 23 23«4 23%
1.700| Do pfd BO' 49% 49^ 50
3.800iSouthern Pacific. Gl 60U 60% 61
100 Do pfd 116% 11C% 116 116>4
3,300,Southern Ry ... 34% 33% 33% 34
Do Dfd 93% 94%
Standard Oil 645 648
Standard R & T 2 2%
8,500 Tenn Coal & Iron 64% 62 63% 64
2.200!Texas P L T Co 37% 33 •£ 36% 37
2,2O0JTexas Pacific ... 34 ?£ 34% 34ft 35
(Third Avenue 130 132
IToledo R & T Co 24% 26
Toledo St L &W 29 29%
Do pfd 48% 49'
400 Twin City R T.. 106 105 105 106
l.lOOjUnion Bag & P 9% 9 9 9%
Do pfd 68 6Sii
16,200 Union Pacific .. 110% 100% 109" B 110
200 Do pfd 95«i 95^4 95 95%
Do conv 4s 110 110%
United -Copper 6U 6%
United R of S F 17'i 17%
Do Dfd 61 14 61 V>
Do 4s S5H S5%
l.COOiU S Ca?t I Pipe 14^4 14 • 13% 14%
I Do pfd 65% 05% 65". 05%
100|TT S Express 113 118
• 1,800 U S Leather ... 13% 12'i 13 13%
400' Do pfd 92 91 92 92%
200 U S Rubber 27% 28
Do pfd 83% 8»%
70,100 U S Steel Cor... 24 23% 23% 23%
Dl.lOOj Do pfd ...... 83 82 82*4 82%
l,3C0,Va-Car Chem Co 38% 38 39 3S 1 -;
500 Do pfd Ill's 110% 110% 110%
2,600 Wabash 21^ 23% 20% 21
800 Do pfd 42% 42% 41% 43
Do d«-b Bs 65 65>i
Wells-Fargo Ex 237 245
100 Western Union.. 91% 90% 90% 91
IWestinghouse 170% 171
I Do 1st pfd 186 195
W & L E 18>,i 18%
Do 1st pfd 45 46%
Do 2d pfd 26% 27
1,300 Wisconsin Cen .: 22% 22% 22% 22%
100] Do pfd 45;4 45% 45% 46
41t>,600 — Total shares sold.
Xew York Bond?.
U S ref 2s reg. .m^'L & N unified 4s. 102
Do coupon 104fnlMan con gold |s.l(i5%
Do 3s reg 104%IMex Central 4a... 72%
Do poupon 104%! Do 1st inc 21V4
Do new 4s reg.i:i0%!Mlnn & St L 4».. 97
Do coupon 130 VM.' K & Texas 4s. 101%
Do old 4s reg.100%1 Do 2<3s 85
Do coupon 10<)«%lNR of Mex con 4s 79%
Atch gen 4s 102% N Y C gen 3%s..l00% :
Do adj 4s 93 IN J C gen 5a.... 135
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S% Nor Pacific 4s 105
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 10:: Do 3s 74>i
Do 3^s OH Nor & W con 4s.l01
Central of Ga. 5s. 112 |OSL 4s & partlc.104%
Do 1st inc 93 IPa ccnv 3%s 101%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l05%| Reading gen 4s... 101%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 80% I S L & I M con Ss.115%
C. B & Q new 4a. 9S%!s L & S F fg 4s. 87%
CM 4; SP gn 4*.110Ul^t Louis SW lsts. 97%
C & NW con 7s.l27 [Seaboard A L 4s. 83
C. R I & Pac 4s. 76U)Ko Pacific 4s 94%
Do col Cs S9%|!?o Railway 5s.,..118H
C.C.C & SLgn 4a.lO3 T« & Pac lst8..121H
Chi Term 4s 82% Tol. Et L * TV 4s. 80%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 74% I Union Pacific 4s.lC5>^
Colo & So 4s St%! Do conv 4* 109%
C F & I con 5s. 81% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 8fi%
Den & Rio G 4s.lO2 Wabaah lets 117*4
Erie prior lien 4s.lO0% Do deb B «5'
Do gen 4s 88% W & L Erie 4s... 91
F W & D C lsts.110% Wis Central 4s... 92
Hock Val 4%s...lOS%
X«v York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 221 Little Chief 03
Alice 60 Ontario 3 50
Breece 15!Ophir 2 35
Bruns Con 05! Phoenix 12
Com Tunnel .... C9;Potoei 10
Con Cal & Va... 1 60! Savage. 24
Horn Silver 1 30! Sierra Nevada..... 24
Iron Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 28
Leadville Con..,. 02| Standard 1 85
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— I United Fruit 105
Call loans 203|U S Steel 23%
Time loans 4®5 Do pfd «L&2%
Bonds — I Westing Common.* 83
Atchison 4s 101%j Mining —
Do adj 4s 93U Adventura 5%
Mex Central 4«... €3 JAllouer 14
Railroads — Amal Copper .... 72
Atchison 85%|Amer Zinc 13%
Do pfd 140 lAtlantlc 16U
Boston & Albany.252 Bingham 33%
Boston Elev 153 Calumet & Hecla.620
Fitchburg pfd 138 Centennial 29
5Iex Central 17% Coppe r Rango ... 63%
N T. N H & H..lO?%lDaly Went 12
Pere Marqnette... 75 Dom Coal BS
Union Pacific 110 Isle Royals 25%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 7'
Amer Arge Chem. 19 Michigan ft«
Do pfd S0%'Mohawk BS
Amer Pneu Tube. 6 I Mont Coal & Coke 5
Amer Sugar 145 |Old Dominion ... 20%
Do pfd 138 lOsceoIa 90
Amer Tel & Tel.l41V,| Parrot 27%
Amer Woolen ... 17%'Oulncy 105
Do pfd R3% I Shannon 8%
Dom Iron & S... 16 Tamarack 125
Ed Elect Ilium.. 240 (Trinity 14S
Gen Electric 173,% U S Mining 23%
Mass Electric... 13 IT S Oil 10%
Do pfd .... KWJUtah «
Mass Gas 41%IVIctorIa 454
Un Sho» Much... M- IWInona 11
Do pfd '31% I Wolverine 89
London Closlns Stocks.
Cons money 87 »-I6[n Y Central 138%
Do for acct 87% | Nor & Western... 74%
Anaconda • 5% ! Do pfd 93
Atchlton S7% Ont & Western.:. 43*4
Do pfd 104i;i Pennsylvania 70«
Bait & Ohio. 87Vi!n&nd Mines 10%
Can Paciflo 132% Reading 37%
Ches & Ohio 40% Do 1st pfd 43
Clii Great West.. 24 H Do 2d pfd...... 41
CM. Mil & St P.175%|S O Railway 38
De Beers 1SU! Do pfd »6%
Den & Rio C... 3H4iSo Pacific C2%
Do pfd «4lilUnlon Paciflo 113%
Erie 40%| Do pfd »7%
Do l«>t rfd 74 u S Steel 25U ,
Do 2d pfd B3%| Do pfd R7*4
111 Central 14«%|Wabash 2*%
LouU * Nash....l3fi%i Do pfd 44U
M K & Texas... 3S I ¦ . ;. v |
Bar silver— Steady, 2C%d per ounce.
Money— 2%@2% pe r cent.
PORTLAND, Nov. 5. — Wheat for export-
Walla Walla $l@82c: bluestem, 84@S5c: val
ley, SC@S7c. For Eastern, markets— Walla
Walla, S4c; bluestem. S7c.
Northern Wheat Market.
> ; / OREGON. '
N'orthei n Business.
SEATTLE. Nov. 5.— Clearings, $907,057;
balances. $194,537.
TACOMA. Nov. 5.— Clearings. $463,589;
balances, • S59, 619.
PORTLAND, Nov. 5. — Clearings, $554,004 - L
balances, $t79,454. ¦ - .. - <
SPOKANE,-' Nov. 5.— Clearings, $531,275;
balances, J47.242.' ¦ . " ¦
EGGS— Ranch 47i.i®48c for large white se
lected, 44®47c for good to choice and 37%9
42%c for common; cold storage 25@30c; East
ern, 25028c for choice. 22@24c for standards
and 19S21c for seconds.
Eggs and -5800 lbs Cheese.
• BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 21%®23c
for extras and 19©21c for lower to medium
grades; dairy" 17@~20c; cold storage, 18@21c;
store Butter ,14@lt>c; Eastern cubes, 18@22%c;
Eastern ladle -packed, 15#16c;
CHEESE— 12@12%c for choice ¦ mild new
and 10@llc for old; cold Btorage. 10%®llc:
Toung Americas. ll%@12c; Eastern, 10©15o
perlb
"Two hundred and seventy-two bags Cos
ta Rica, 120 Nicaragua, 5096 Salvador. 843S
Guatemala. 102 Mexican and 52S4 various. In
all 1S.312 bags.
"Market closed quiet."
Costa Rica — Nominal. Stock. 1284 bags; 14$
15 He for strictly prime to" fancy washed;
12%@13%c for prime washed; ll%®12Vic for
good washed; 11%® 13c. for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10@llc for good to prims
peaberry; 11®12%c for good to prime; 9©10%c
for >falr; 7%<g8%c for common to ordinary.
Salvador— Stock. 7740 bags; 13@14c for
fancy washed, nominal; 11%@12%c for atrlctly
prime washed, nominal; 10'iflllc for good to
prime washed; 9@0%c for fair washed; 10®
11 Uo for fair to prime washed peaberry: 9%®
10c for good to prime semi-washed; OH^O^c
for superior unwashed; 9V«c for good green
unwashed; 9%©10e for good to superior un
washed peaberry; 5%©7%c *or Inferior to or
dinary. 1
9c per Ib. No orders taken for less than
•eventy-flve barrels or its equivalent.
COFFEE: — C. E. Blckford's circular gives
the receipts at this port thus far. this year
at 207.651 bags against 23S.S52 for the same
time last year. The sales from first hands
were 193,069 bags, against 229,137. The stock
In first hands November 1 was S4.52O bags,
against 34.722. The world's visible supply
November 1 was 14,330,708 bags, against 13.
918.131 last year. The circular says:
"This and other markets have presented no
interesting features during October, the month
being a dull one and. where quotations have
undergone any change whatever, are slightly
lower as the net result of thirty days* slow
business. ' Local conditions are as previously
stated, trading having been confined almost
wholly to coffees salable below 10c, while top
grades continue neglected and decidedly
weaker on offers to sell.
"Brazil conditions are foreshadowed to im
prove, to the extent that the receipts at the
two ports it Is thought will steadily diminish
from now on. leading naturally to. a monthly
reduction in the world's visible supply for
some time to come if those conclusions 1 ' are
borne out. as is likely. October receipts at
the ports were about 1.445,000 bags; Novem
ber figures - are estimated to-day at 950.COO
to 1.000,000 bags.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 12S4
bags Costa Rica, 525 Nicaragua 7740 Salva
dor. 19,610 Guatemala, 632 Mexican and 5455
various; In all 35.505 bags.
"Deliveries from first hands since the 6th
ultimo Include:
grades, combing and clothing. 20@27%c; -light
fine. 17@21c; heavy, fine. 12@17c; tub- washed,
23<g3Sc. . ¦; . ' - . • .
ihe s.\x; frangis^oscall,>ssunday; November: g., 1904.
WHEAT — Receipts. C0OO bushels; root Srra.
No. 2 red. $1 IflJ.^.f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Du
luth, $1 25 f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Mani
toba. $1 10% t. a. b. afloat. * Options were
str-msr nil day, closing 14c net advance, i Sales
Included: May. $1 12 7-1 6@1 13. closed fl 13;
Deo-trher Hosed SI 17W,.
UOPS— Firm SUte common to choice. 1904
crop, 31041c; 1903 crop, ;;i@36c; olds, 14@18c;
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1800 barrel*: export". 6400 barrels; market dull.
Minnesota patents, $6SC 40; Minnesota bakers'
$4 «!0Si5; Western patents, $5 6006; winter
straights, $5 3S@5 €0; winter extra, $3 60@
New York Grain nnd Produce.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Whett— Dec' March. May
Opening 7 2% ' T 4% .. 7 31:
Closing ...7 2% 7414- 7 3Ji;
PARIS. . x;-', : ;
Wheat — Nov. Mari-Jurie.
Opening 1*3 65 , 25; 15, -.¦•
Closing ...23 70 25 15 ! '
Flour — . - -¦¦ ,*¦**¦-;¦• L\
Opening 31 05 1 V. 32 85*:
Closing .....31 10 .. 32 85 .
St. Louis Wool Market.V,
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 6.— Wool, -steady; medium'
BflSCELIiANEOUS MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
AUCTION SALES
BIG SALE second sale o? 616 SALE
©O HEAD
MODOC
HORSES
Consigned toy JOHN COLLINS and A. U.
DICKS of Oregon.
GliNTLE WAGON HORSES. STYLISH
ROADSTERS. MATCHED TEAMS. FIND
SADDLE HORSES, Will Be Sold Without Re-
serve or Limit.
THURSDAY. Nov. IO. 11 a. m.
AT WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
220 VALENCIA ST.
E. STEWART. Auctioneer.
Every Horse will be guaranteed to b» u
reuresentrt!.
#\_ Don't -forget the big sale Tuesday. No-
>3a» vember 8, at 11 a. m.. at H4O Folsotn
st. of a lot of gocd. cheap horses and brood
mares; also a large assortment of wajtons. bug-
gies, carts and 40 set* of harness; 1 fast
pacer. WILLIAM CLOUOH. Auctioneer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tein Oh ADVANCE
IK TE2T SATS
November 15th. price of Big Elk Gold Mines
Co. stock will advance to five cents per sharp.
Present price. 2 cents) i>er share. ca*h or In-
stallments. Par value $1.CO per share, non-as-
sessable Are dcvelODlrsr 4f> arrest of rich gold
land in tha famous Goldfield District, close to
the largest producers. Own all oar property.
No debts. Are developing property and hav<>
struck good cr» body. . therefor- nrtce win ad-
vance to five cents per share — 13(> per rent on
November 13th. and steck will be withdrawn
entirely when we reach the high grade ore
bodies which we feel sure wijl noon be opened
up tn cur shaft. Now is t"i» time tn g*t | n on
this exceptionally good property at lowest pos-
sible price. Fortunes mad? every day in Gold-
field, and we may strike it any day. "Write or
wire at once for particulars, and reserve stock
at present price, pending your Investigation or
call. •--¦¦¦¦ •
W. BAER EWI.VG. LOCAL AGENT
716 Italian American Bank Bids;.
San Francisco. Cal. ' .'¦ j»'TffM 'SAN. FRANCISCO iO£l^" SUNDAY, '0, : l904:
42
SEAL ESTATE — OITT — POR 3AM.
» ¦¦' '¦ " "' * """
BALDWIN * HJOWELL.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
City Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Bend us your name and we will : forward
you> without any cost to you, our booklet,
"Buyer and Seller." containing a complete
list or cholc» real estate holding* for- sale.
$15,000— RS NTS $1500 PER YEAR.
Splendid business holding: vicinity Of McAllis-
ter and Gough sts.; large frontage; substan-
tial frame building, containing stores and
two flats above; see this at once.
Exceptional home lota. .; .
Swell frontafaa. t ' • ¦ . . .
No flats allowed. ealV
Unsurpassed neishbofnood. . ,
Fronting the "Homo Residence Faxk"
Now beinK laid out.
$l0u,0w to be expended.
Two flne corner lots.
Five crackerjack Inside lots.
Washington street,
Jackson street • , •,
And First avenue. -
30- foot inside lots.
Corners, 60 feet by 100.
Six elegant new flats of| 4 rooms each,
every room ltghx and sunny, at a bargala;
within 6 minutes of Kearny, and Market sts. ;
dose to 6th et. ; price reduord to $8000; rents
low at $S1 per month ; o)st $0600 a few
months ago; 3 ft. brick foundation ; modern
sanitary plumbing; cement- sidewalk: patent
water closet*, etc; high basement; with
small expense could be made in two flats.
$7000; price reduced; must be sold for ab-
sent owner; splendid lot for a residence; 50x
127:8%; Jackson «t., near Central ave.; see
this for a flne building site; $4000 mortgage
can remain.
Just listed — Fine residence of 8 rooma,
bath-; furnace, hardwood floors, beam ceil-
ing; lot has 124 feet frontage; high, sightly
elevation; splendid view; Stanyan street;
qrlce $8009.
Two nice little flats, each of 4 rooms, rent-
ing for $24 per month; lot 26x114; located on
2tith st.. block from the Cactro-at. cars;
O. K. first-claes small Investment.
New 2- story modern residence^ containing
8 rooms, bath; brick foundation; stone steps;
price $6500; Fell et.. near Fiilmare-at. cars.
NR business corner; Devlsadero and O'Far-
rell; extra tine frontage and depth; 37:6x100;
new building would pay handsomely on this
site; present frame Improvements of no great ,
vaJua; rents $50.
Sunset and Richmond Districts.
We have a sptendkl Ust of houees. cottago* !
and flats, besides our list of building lots, )
that can be purchased on easy monthly pay-
ments, only requiring a small first j pay-
ment down. Call at our branch office, cor-
ner of H st. and 7th ave., and be shown'
around: horne and phaeton at your disposal.
Office open Sundays. Lots from $100 up, S«e
us before buying elsewhere.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Poet St.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDING LOTS. ' BUILDING LOTS.
BUILDING LOTS. BUILDING LOTS.
PRICES CUT.
PRICES CUT.
BUENA VISTA PARK LOTS.
:: ' BUENA VISTA PARK LOTS.
GOODALL TRACT. GOODALL TRACT.
LOTS FROM S1S5» UP.
These superb buiWing lots, fronting on De-
vlsadero and Waller sts.. offered at these re-
markably low figures to effect immediate sales.
Devlsadero St., southwest corner of Waller St.,
32x100 feet.
$aaooc
Lots fronting on DevUadero St.,
27x100 feet,
12300.
Lots fronting on Waller st.
- 28x100 feet.
$2250. 1
Lots fronting on Alpine St.. Just off "Waller st.. .
25x110 feet.
$1S<5O.
Streets all bltumlnlied, cement sidewalks.
TERMS — One-quarter cash, balance on flat
mortgage, at <J per cent per annum..
THESE TERMS UNEQUALED. ¦-r %
Apply at office for further particulars and
plat.
$3950— FORECLOSURE SALE.
Howard »t., near Eighteenth: substantial 2-
story house of. S rooms and bath; lot 25x»5;
must be sold this week.
$3850— Capp st., near Seventeenth: substan-
tial 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath; Jot 25x
121! :(i. ' . *
i $2250— Sacramento . st., north side; 25x92;
very choice.
$4000 — Corner on Laguna st. ; 2 flats, 4 rooms
( each; rents $33.
; $13,750— Secured rents $135 per month; de-
sirably situated. In the Western Addition; 3
' handsome modern fiats of 7 rooms aad bath
each; sunny key lot. 23x100; mortgaga of $7000
can remain If desired.
$175— -Just a little bargain; Thirtieth avenue,
i close to tho park; 25x120; $10 cash, balance $5
'¦ per month.
I $3900 — Filbert St.; cozy modern cottage 5
• rooma and bath; In vicinity of Presidio; lot 25x
107:0; easy terms If desired.
$3900— Langton st., near Howard; lot 43x73;
fl ust Jfc« place for U small flats.
$16|BQ0— Page st.. on the Panhandle: 3 mag-
nificent flats of 7 rooms and bath each: rents
$125 per month; must be seen to be appreciated;
i lot 25x137:6.
13850 — Close to Market and Sanchez sts.; 3
tenements; rents $34.
$3oO<> — Bargain; corner lot; northeast corner
Grove st. and Presidio ave. ; 26- or 30x100; only
2 blocks from the park; Just the place for Q or
•j flats. ; : v;'s'r- '-''X'y
Get My Catalogue for November.
F. B. SURRYHNE, 138 Montgomery st.
SPECK & CO..
Selling;. 209 Montgomery st. Insurance.
Leasing. Rents collected.
$4u,ooo — Vicinity Fourth and Fotsom ¦ sts. :
6S:9xlt>o feet. 2 frontages; pays 6 per
cent net.
$20,000— Fine 33-ft corner north of. and within
2 blocks of Market St., 9 new flats;
rented for $2580; pays over 16 p«r cent
net. ,
$20,500 — Polk et. business property; 30-ft. lot;
rented for $152 50 month.
$14,000—3 elegant, new, modern flats; desir-
able part of Western Addition; 33-ft.
lot; rents $1440 yearly; -want an offer.
$13,600 — Fine south of Market Rt. business cor-
ner, on Folsom st.. close In, with good
Improvements; income $1236; lot 25x90.
$13,250— New Richmond flats, close In and near
Golden Gate Park: rents $137 50 month;
bank mortgage $S500 can remain; lot
48x120 feet.
$11,250 — 3 Western Addition flats, within few
! blocks of City Hall; 25-ft. lot; renting
for $1260; 57000 bank mortgage can re-
main.
$9, 85©— Splendid new Western Addition flats;
25-ft. lot; rented for $1110; a good buy.
$.4,600— South of Market st lnYestmcnt; pay-
Uwr 17 per cent, net; flats; 23-ft. lot; a
splendid email investment
$2,250 — A pretty new cottage In the Mission,
5 rooms and bath: lot 25x100; corner.
CHOICE LOTS.
$33.000 — Superb comer, 137:6x128; finest resi-
dence site In the city; unsurpassed mar-
ine view.
$13,500— Fine lot on 11th st, near Folsom; 60s
20Q; make offer. . -
$1,500 each for very choice lot* in Richmond
district, close to main entrance Golden
Gate Park; on 4 car lines; nothing bet-
ter in vicinity.
SPECK & CO., 200 Montgomery at,
Opposite- Mills building.
E. H. LANGE & CO..
2ft Montgomery st., room 23.
$6, 650— 825-827 Cole st.. between Frederick
and Cart; 2. new modern flats, 5-6 rooms;
lot 25x1,00; cheapest flats In Western
Addition; cost of building $5000; rent
$52 6Q.
$17.000— Vallejo st., nr. Hyde: 9 small flats,
4-5 rooms each; lot S3xlS7; rent $163
per month; always rented. •
$7,750— Harrier-Bt. , near Bryant; 6 new flats,
4 rooms each; rent $31.
£• H. LANGE & CO..
¦" 28 Montgomery gt, room 23.
FOR sale — Three new, extra welt built, very
handsome homes; we cannot describe them in
this ad, but we Invite all ; homeseekers and
the general public to Inspect them; open
every day. Owner an premises, 853 to $57
Clayton st, 3 blocks south of Haight st
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY? .-.¦.¦ ¦¦ -
Buy a lot in the city of Richmond, just across
the bay. where the '¦ Standard Oil Company,
Santa Fe Railroad and other big corporations
are spending millions cf dollars.
LOTS ONLY $5 PER MONTH.
Call for maps. free.
RICHMOND LAND CO., Crocker bhjg., g. F.
PINE, near Taylor; 3 flats, 7 rooms,' bath each.
$3300— Church st. ; 3 flats.
flCOO— 30th at., near Dolores; lot 50x114.
$3000 — Waller-st residence, 8 rooms, bath.
$TC0(J — Church, ear. Day; store and flat; part
vacant • ' ¦ '
Snap— Waller, nn Shrader: tot 85x93; fivs
days only.
PATTERSON, room 202, Examiner bldg.
BE A I. ESTATE — CITY — TOB BAH.
LYON A HOAO, I 19 Montgomery sC
Send for our printed list of property for sale
In all wcttons ot the city. __-
IIAKOAIN. COTTAGE IN
$850-OwiKr must sell: K 0O< "v'Y.«^4n-
l^.story cottage: 7 rooms; lot 25x100; Con-
necticut st.: don't fall to «««»"»*•„-,-«
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER
$22/)W-Renls $2t0fi; brand-new 3-story
building at « flats; 8, U and 7 r. and ».. . D . e *"
tlfully flnlsh'd; 8 china closets for eacn nai
wired for electricity; In fact, everything rlgnt
up to onufT; abundnnce of sun and llgnt.
• FLATS NEAR MARKET.
$M0O_Two sood. substantial £J»{» -SiJitton-
7 roam* and bath; In very f»£ (U S? ld iHS e {
one block from Market; rents $600, street
bltunitnUfil. .««.«.xt
GOOD BUT IN MISSION.
«27no— Two-#tory building of 7 rooms ana
bath; arranged for two flats; J two _ Bln ,w o «rth
rent *aD; handy to Ca*tn> and Twenty-fourth
st. care; spe this at once, as II . l» good.
PRETTY MISSION KESIDENCL-
14400-Brand new residence of 7 rooms and
bath; near Castro and Twenty-second sts..
m 'FLA°TB r NEAR GOLDEN GATE PAR£
»ea&0— KentJ $«38: two new flaw. « JJ"f *
rooms and bath; all ">"«* ra kl l !!JE r ?J a g5fi as "
street bltumlnised; within one block of Golden
a O00 P DiNTEREST. SOUTH OF JfAMCT
f 3300-Bent $4S0; six small flaw In a sec (
tlon that always rents; In vicinity of_ Th ra
and Bryant; the.e ar* a fine permanent In-
vestment; see them. _.._«,
MISSION FLATS- «.„,•*
$7000— Rent V $720; two dandy i^Vhln«^raod-
rooms and bath; v«ry sunny: •*«nrU» ln * ™o^
ern; lot over ao feet; two t™**^-^^
views: handy to Twenty-second and Guerrero
"*" C L?ON * HOAO, llfl Montgomery st.
FINE RgSIDENCE 1OTS.
CLOSE TO TOWN.
$1400 TO $2250.
Go to-day without fall and s«» the ,&?*£>
on Devlsadero St.. bet. Duboce ave. (13th st.)
and Hth st. Take Halght-st. cars, at •« *t
cither Scott or Devlsadero st. Lots onj \y
two short blocks away, We ar« m
here very fast, over 30 sold. Branch *«£» °f
property. Many flne. new houses *£»**
Where can you get a flne lot so olos* to the
city as you can now buy In this block^ at
from $1400 t 0 $2250. on easy terms. «•»•«:
ber. the views are grand; streets Wtumlnljed
and accepted by the city: everything r"4r*"
> building; property so close to the twlnew
center of a great elty cannot remain at the
present figure, asked for tttsjand.
- 116 MONTGOMERT ST.
$100 CASH |10 MONTHI ,Y.
$850 to $050 each. Beautiful level loU on
10th and 11th aves.. between J and K sts., , wUy
two blocks from Golden Gate P» r^. n . 5^!j-
graded. macadamiied and «*wered. Fine views
overlooking park and ocean. B"J*-L b &* ¦ g
once. Values are as sure to >ncre"« J»«« "
San Francisco is to grow. U wp,** J™T ow »
fault it in a comparative short time T<« »«•
these lots worth apreat deal more ««»{«»£ [
some one else making the money. The terms
are so easy there Is no excuse for TOU- Don t
neglect this opportunity, but see the land at
° nC<S " LYON & HOAO,
116 MONTGOMERY ST. m
GOINO FAST. OOIJfO FABT
Lots In the block bounded by Haight, Ash-
bury. Clayton and Waller sts. are going \ery
rapidly, one-half the lots already sold^ »«"er .
be quick: this i» the last of^he Panhandle)
blocks and It will very soon be gone: where |
can you buy a lot that Is as good an Invest-
ment or that will ray as good Interest when
Improved? * Price $2650 and upward. Easy
terms If d*slred.
LYON & HOAG,
. 11C MONTGOMERY ST. '
TITLE W&URANCir AND TRUST* COMPANT.
i MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING* TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
WHEN REAL ESTATE IS BOUGHT THE
PURCHASER In more interested In the title !
than in tha land its«lf. The land only repre- >
neflta so much soil which may be bought at
less than a dollar per load. The title repre-
sents the right to occupy without molesta-
tlcn and the right to sell, transfer and de-
vise by will.
"I'LL MAKE ASSURANCE DOUBLY SURE
and taka a bond."— Macbeth.
THE ONLY 8AN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete Io.
caltty plant or copy of the real estate rec-
ords, constructed especially for Insuring real ;
eatate titles like modem plants of New Y»rk, I
Boston, Chicago and Eastern cities; reason- ;
able rates; reeular trust company business
tranycted under State charter; all matters (
conmUed and managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES: i
WILLIAM ALVORD.
; President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Prea. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Osticat Co. l
T>. N. LILIENTHAL
Manager Ai'elo-Callfornlan Bank. I
W Alt REN OL.NEV. ;
O'p»y St Olney, Attorneys and Counselors, i
CHARLKS TAOR. j
l'ar», "'•Cutchrn * Knight, Attorneys. '
A. T. Pl«">TTS. :
Mjrr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING. i
Capitalist. W0 California, st. |
SELECTED. LIST— Low Prices.
$2.W— Half value; 3 fine level lots, corner,
75x100, at Inarleside; coat S-JOO.
$tKO— A snap; lot 27:dxll4, on 25th St., near !
Castro.
$650 — Large corner, $6x100, on the grade, San
Joe ave.. at Ocean View., ' ;
$2230— Beautiful lot. 25x120, on Devlsadero i
at., nr. Haight; flne location: street finished. ¦
; ?1500— "Well built cottage on State at., near !
, 17th. with 5-room cottage; lot 25x125. i
$2200 — Want offer: 7-room and bath, new
house on Elizabeth St.; near electric cars.
$3700 — Pays 12 per cent on investment: four
neat flats near 5th and Fohom; lot 23x80;
rents ?37 SO; - tenant X years.
1 $5000-^Bljr lot. 30x137:6. with plain 2-story
7 rooms and bath, and stable; Steiner st.. near '
Page. I
$(1000 — 2 houses; lot 71x120: on Greenwich -.
st.. near Flllmore; make an offer. :
$6500— Large lot and cottage on 8utter St., >
1 near Fillmore. ¦ ;
$8000— Modern hay-window 2-^tory house, 10
rooms and bath: larre lot. 42x137: choice part ;
Western Addition; all In fine order; rare bar- >
gain: house alone cost mere.
. $14,0<VV— , 4-story brick on Clay st.. near Du- •
pont: 35-ft. front: rents ?15fK"»: a anap. j
$22,fXHV— 3-story modern building, store and '
flats. Hayes st.. 2 blocks from Market; good ¦
1 income. ¦
$33,500 — Cheapest' piece of business property j
I on Kearny st.: 3-story brtekj particulars at
office.
ROTHERMEL ft CO.. 507 California st.
B. GETZ. Room 22. Chronlele Building.
OWNER AND DEALER.
New Bloch on the Grand Ocean Beach!!!
Graded Lots Ready to Build or.
; Quality and Price* Tell — Easy Terms!!?
Superb View — Call tor Map and Ptaarrams.
Richmond District— Choice Graded Lots!!!
Greatest Bargains Ever Offared^ — Easy Terms.
$250 to $500— North of the Park Lots!!!
Opp. Bpreekels Lake and Near Chutes— $8 ma
' $350 to $1200— Sunset Heights Lot* $3 mo. up.
$350 to $300— 19th ave. Boulevard Lots, $3 mo.
j |75 to $350— Ocean Heights and Oceanalcto
I Lots. }5 Month.
New Block In the Excelsior Homestead!!*
$150— Splendid Level Lots— Just Think at It!
Get a Homo on Easy Terms — City Water.
575 to $100— Ocean View Level Lots, $5 month.
$1000 to $5000— Cottages and Houses on Terms.
Chronicle Bulldipg, .1 . .'.,y
Call at my of rtce. Room 22. Second floor.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BARGAINS.
$40C0— First ave. and Clay «.j elegant large
east corner. 2S:4%xl01:2; street tou feet wide
and accepted: no other corner as cheap; large.
Improvements to be mads In the neighborhood.
Only $3250 for a. Quick sals; 2 elegant lots,
23x127 :SV; «ach; on south side of Jackaon St..
bet. Spruce and Maple, sis.; fine view and very
cheap; adjoining flne residences.
RICHMOND.
$7500— Clement and lath ave. : large east cor-
ner, lot 120x2%; very cheap and rapidly en-
hanclnx In value.
Only $5000— 1C lull lot* In block bounded by
ISth and 19th aves.. C and D sts.: adjoining
the park: don't miss this cfcanee.
ROBERT J, MERCEK & SON. 412 Pine st
$10,000 — 3 NEW modern Hats. 8 rooms each;
rent $1200 per annum; 263-70-72 Fred-
erick et.. bet. Ashbury and Clayton.
$10,000 — S new modern flats. <t rooms each;
marine view; 2178-8^82 Fulton St.. bet.
Cola and Shrader; rent $1210 per annum.
$2,600— New 5-rnom cottage; modern Improve-
ments; Lomlon st., ntar Brazil.
$1.000 — New 4-room cottage; China ave,, near
Mission st. Apply
J. H. KRUSE,
Twenty-third and Staotwetl sta.
$1400 — TERMS ir desired ; 3&-foot front; block
of l»th and Valencia; street work complete
The Dolan Co.. 1607. Market, opp. Franklin.
DOWNTOWN business corner; best In city fo*
price; cheap; 00 agents. Box 4159, Call.
BEAIi ESTATE—Crar—rOB BAXS.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery st..
Mills Hutl.llni-,
MARINE VIKW.
EXTUA LARGE LOTH.
Overlooking the Golden Oate. Tw«nly-*ev.
with ave., north of Lake st. Th»s» lots #pp««
elally adapted for homts, being 37 ;0 ft. wide
by a depth of 120 f««t; price I130O each: r««b
or terms; street work and ' sewer completed.
Agent on land Sundays to show lots.
$».B00— Ellls-st. c<trn#r; BoxPO f«ts positively
, th« beat bargain offered on this str*«C
$16.000— Ellis St., li«mr Polki ?u«>«tantlal Im-
provements; lot 27:0x120 feet to rear
street; fine Invcitmnnt.
$23,000— Suitable for bulld*rs! price reduosd
from $.10,000; marine view property}
corner Filbert and llrod«rlck sts.j lot
270x137:0 feet; street work donej will
make 12 tine lots it subdivided; a bar-
tain,
$7,000— Shrader st.. near Carl; 2 fine' new
flats, r.-T rooms and bath; Just finished;
every modern convenUnce; rents $'M) p«r
month: both flats leased; lot 25x100 feet;
an exceptional bargain.
$16,760— Leavenworth st.', near Washington,
large two-story and basement house ot
about 19 rooms; beautiful marine view;
ideal location for sanitarium: large lot.
is7 -.0x137 :C feet; exceptional chance to
buy, as the price l» remarkably low,
$8, 000— O'Farrell st.: key lot. west' of Fill-
more: lot 60x137:6 feet; excellent loca-
tion for an apartment-house or flats, and
the price Is below anything In this
section. . ;¦•";'
$8,000— Shrader st.. near Golden Gate Park
Panhandle: residence Just finished:
•very modern Improvement; 7 rooms ana
bath; lot 26x100 ft.; very artistic
$25,000— Beautiful marine view residence on
Washington st.. near Locust; thorough-
ly modern In every respect: containing
all up-to-date conveniences; lot oox
127 :8% feet.
yi- POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
CRRAM OF THE PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
SITUATE ON COLE. SHRADER, GRAT-
TON AND ALMA STREETS.
FIRST SUBDIVISION.
/ Streets and lots graded, macadamized and
sewered: every lot ready to build on. For
further particulars, prices, etc., inquire at our
office. Special Inducement offered to builders.
$2,000— Ashbury st., near Hayes; lot 23x106:3
feet, adjoining Golden Gate Park; sewer
and tas connections made; a snap.
$B, 000— Devlsadero, near Halght: residence, 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
$17,000— 2d-st cqrner. nr. Harrison; 70x95 ft.;
flne site for modern business building.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
° f "sHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
21S and 220 Montgomery st.. Mills bldg.
VON RHKIN REAL
$150,000— Corner on Sutter. near Leaven- J
worth, having three frontages; improve-
ments consist of modem brick building with
stores, and apartment-house above, renting
for $1175 per month.
$ir>,OCT> — 30x100: Polk, near Washington: in th»
best section of this rapidly growing business
street.
$11 000— 2axS0; Fourth st., near Folsora; Im-
provements consist of two-story house with
store and flat above? there has been no
vacancy in the last four years.
$7500— 23x107 ;6; Sacramento st., near Spruce:
2 modern fjat» of 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
renting for $60,
8Sxl25; a corner In the most desirable portion
of Van Ness ave.; in one or two lots.
$0000— A corner on Castro and Seventeenth
sts.; 48x00; Irregular.
$•0,000—61 :3xl2O; cor. Sacramepto and Stelner:
Improvements consist of cottages and flats
renting for $13260 per month; street work
accepted.
$3750— 30x117 ;6 to rear street; Valencia, near
25th; elose to the depot of the S. P. R. R.;
best business locality In the Mission.
$23,500—113 feet on Market st. running throush
to Church: the very cheapest buy In this
locality; suitable for store or flats.
Two modern marine view flats. Just completed;
rents $82 50 per month; must be sold at once.
$30,000—40:9x137:6: north line of Bush st..
near Mason; Improvement!! consist of a
lodgins-house renting for $150 per month.
$12 000—57:6x60 to rear street; cor. Unton and
Mason; Improvements store and flats renting
for $89 60.
$S500 — 60x122:6; Treat ave.. near Twentieth
at.; six 4-room flats renting for $75 per mo.
" HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rent* Collected and Entire. Charge Taken of
Property. •
$12.500— Three new flats near Hatght and Ash-
bury; modern every way; « rooms each;
mortgage $OC0O at ft per cent can re-
main: rents $1200.
$10,000— North side Jackson, near Buchanan:
good house of S rooms and 2 baths; lot
36x117, to rear street.
$8 500 — North side of Vallejo, near Polk;
good house of 10 rooms; coat $12,000 to
build: mar be altered to flats profitably;
very flne view of bay; lot 45x170.
$13 CM) — Fine house: 'Leavenworth. near Clay;
9 rooma and bath: laundry In basement;
building In first-class condition: view ef
Golden Gate from rear,
$6,500 — Octavia. near Broadway; good house
of T rooms: nice view of bay from front:
bare lot la worth the price; 26x137.
$8,000— NE. corner of Larkln and Lombard;
29i6xllO: has superb view of bay; street
work all done; neighborhood growing
fast -^ «
$5,400— Inside lots adjoining above; 27x110;
Hydo-st. close by.
$7.000 — Lot SW. corner La.rk.in and Lombard;
. 26x109; flne view at 'Golden Gate from
side and rear.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 823 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN A STETSON.
317 Montgomery st., near Pine.
. . Telephone Grant 137.'
Real Eetate Agents. Rent Collectors.
City Agents German American and Phoenix of
Hartford Fire Insurance Companies.
G«t our monthly circular; it contains lists
of all kinds of properties for sale in all parts
of the city, also houses, flats, etc., 'to let.
Two Special Bargains..
- Elegant Modern Flat.
$18,600— Rents $1380: Webster st.. near Sut-
ter; Just being finished ; very light, sun-
ny and airy and thoroughly modern.
A Fine Corner Investment.
$4.750— Rents $468; Mission warm belt; two
good bay-window flaU; brick, founda-
tion; bandy to all ear lines.
I BALDWIN & STETSON. 317 Montgomery st.
W. B. McGERRY & CO..
230 Hush st.. Mills Building. Ground Floor.
$14,000— Ellis St., close in: 0 fine, modern
flats, 6-ft-tJ. 3-4-4 rooms and bath eaoh:
lot 25:9x120 to rear 'st.; rents $115.
; month; mortgage $5700; this is on» of
- 'the beat buys, in Western Addition.
$12,000— Beautiful modern house of 11 rooms
and bath; lot 27:9x120 to rear street;
Pest st.. Inside .Van Ness ave.
$8,000— Corner on Eighteenth st.. near Mis-
sion; 30x85; 2 flne fiats of 5 and 0 rooms
• ' and house of 6 rooms; great buy; choice 1
property. .
$6,000— Pwt st.; north side: very flne finished
6 rooms and basement cottage; lot 37:0
xl37.
$7.000— Vallejo St.; 2 bouses; )ot 50x90; mort-
gage of $4000 can remain.
$7500— Three tine flats. 4-8- 6 rooms and bath:
Eddy st.. close to Fillmore: rents $7ea
per year; tljese are first class.
JOOST & HERINOHI, Real Estate. Insurance.
320 Bush st. Phone Clay 123.
Chance for Everybody.
' $1 per week — ¦ — $1 per week.
No cash required.
.FINE " ¦ 5 .
CHOICE,
' CITY- LOTS.
¦¦ Near car line; bed-rock pricea; hound to ad-
vance In value; title perfect. .
JOOST & HERINGHI. Real Estate, Insurance.
*ji,\ ¦ 320 Bush st. Phone Clay 123.
CHEAP* LOT— -.-¦-¦—- ~ • ¦ ¦•-¦. ..'¦'-'
?.-'$10,down; $5 ' oannthty; - price- $2TfO; 1 block
% : from > Castro st. car. 4192 Army st., near
¦* Castro. »•-.- . ¦ v
$1850— COTTAGE B rooms, on 23th st.
I $2e00— New cottage, 6 rooms, bath: on
•.^RlcUUnd^ave; easy terms. Apply 3297 Mission.
REAi; ESTATE-— CTTT—rOa 8ATJL
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO..
Real Estate Agents.
13S Montxomerr st.
choice Investments. •
$15.000 — Western Addition Investment; twelve
handsome modern flats. 4 and 5 rooms;
all rented: $4500 yearly.
$35.000— A Western Addition NW. comer: ele-
gant and modern flats;' $3000 a year.
$30,000 — Stxth-st. corner: large lot and good
improvement*; stores and flats; pays
little over tt per cent; this is an oppor-
tunity to make a good buy on one of
the best streets in the city.
$20,000— Flllmore-st. business property; good
improvements; stores and flats; $1300
a year; cne of the safest Investments
on the market.
$17,600— Harrison-st. corner: lar«e lot: fair
Improvements; all rented; $1303 a
year: pays 0 per cent net.
$18,000— Webster-dt. flats; new and fln-ly fin-
ished: $1830 a year.
$14.000— Close to main entrance to Golden Gate
Park; four modern Cats of 5 and 6
rooms; pay $1330 a year and always
rented: large lot: sun in every room.
«13,000— North side Halght; 3 fln« modern flats;
$13i)0 a year; always rented; this offer
is a snap.
$12.000 — Close to Market st.; three handsoma
modern flats; $1330 a year; nearly 10
per cent net.
•10,000— Mission NW. corner: store and flats;
rents |9tfO a year; very food trapi-ove-
ments.
$3,300 — Close to Ooldcn Oate Park; two very
attractive modern flats; *'¦»*> a year.
$4.500 — Good Western Addition investment:
key lot. 27:4x120; two frontages; rent
$40; pay* 10 per cent net,
$9.000 — Twenty-second •».. nr. Guerrero; feat
good flats; rent* $51 V** »n»nth.
$4,600— Harriet St., with • farye UA ao4 good
fiats; paying $tt a wentb; over 12
per cent.
$8. 686— Natoma-rt. flats; to ««•« condition;
brick foundation: p*rtai $«*» • 7«**.
RESIDENCE*.
•17.500— VaJlrJn St.; haodsom* r«sM»nee ef 11
rooms; grand martne vtew.
$3.000— Presidio Heights ; thorwtfJtT madera
and attraatlv* 4<roaro ivTueev .
$4,000— Mission hone of 8 room*; modern
plumbing: beautiful garden and fine
view; befor* buying-, look at this.
•3.800— Johnson ave.. elose to Point Loboi;
flne two-atery house ef 7 rooms.
$3,000— McAllister st.. ur. Golden Gate Tart;
very pretty aauiero eotuure.
$2,800— Fir*, Mission eottage, near Castro-st.
ear line: 0 rooms and bath; lot 28x114.
$1,880— 80- foot lot and cottage; nerth side
35th st. ; a bargala far home seeker.
*l».0C0— Magnificent marine *lew Jo*. In Pre-
sidio Heights; wtAe tHw; cannot be
cut off: choicest neighborhood: 40x110;
or can sell 80 feet for $23,000.
$5.500—^car Guerrero and 23<J: Mxll4: snap.
$5,000— Presidio Heights lot: runnins; to Pre-
sidio wall: magnificent view; nothing
In the market better than this.
$2,200— Mission snap; 49-foot lot. nr. 17th st.
$750— Lake-it, lots; values rapidly r1 tins'.
only ons Inside and on* corner left.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS A CO..
138 Montgomery it.
HOOKER A LENT. 1* FO«T W.
$140,000— Ktarny-st. business blockj stares aad
of fleas; brick building; one of the pest
corners la the city.
$7o.00O— Brick building: rents $300 per month;
downtown on Post St.; lone leass.
$?0.000*-Clase to Ellis st.; IsiM* location;
larg« building; stores and apartments;
rents $430.
$33,000— Second-st. corner, near Market: large
lot: 2700 square feet; grand sit* to
Improve.
$50,000— Corner, wholesale district, near Mar-
ket st. 4*00 square feet.
$33.000— Near Batter and PoweU its.: reats
$292: large lot. 43x137:6.
$20,000— New building; rents $195; near De-
vlsadero and Oak sts.
$15,506v-Corner east of Flttmore and McAl-
lister sts.; stores and fiata; lot 40x90.
$12,B0O— Corner, half block from Market it.;
4-story building;: rents $104 30.
$10 000 — Stcond-st. business property; stores
snd flats: rents $08; lot 23x100.
$10,000 — Brannan st.. near Second; 50x80;
stores and flats: rents $63; bargain.
$7,500— Bryant st.. near Third; 4 flats; rents
$34; lot 40xS0; bargain.
$7,200— Two brand new corner fiats; up-to-
date: on car line; 5 and 0 rooms; grand
view; sun all day.
$7,000 — Rents $72 60; business corner near
Eighth and Folsom; stores and flats.
$6.000— Flats: rents $83: near Sacramento
and Central ave.; S-story buildinc.
|5,Q0O— Uclon-st. business property, near
Powell; store* and flats.
1 1 S0O— Residence: Mission warm belt, near
Valencia St.: 8 rooms, eta.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post »t.
C. M. WOOriTKR CO.. 6U MARKET ST.
$12.000— A southeast corner, near Plercs and
Union sts : unimproved: streets bltumintzed
and sidewalks cement; 123x120.
$8500— Three new, elegant, modern flats ef 6
large sunny rooms and bath each; renting low
for $1CSO per annum; on McAllister SC. near
Baker; lot 23x100.
$33. OCO— Three 2-«tory and basement bouses
on Turk st.. close In; larye lot. &QxS7.8; worth
nearer $45,000; an opportunity for Investors.
$.5250— Uuion-st. residence of 10 rooma and
bath; near Jones st. ; magnificent marine view;
by assuming the 6 per cent mortgage $2300 will
buy this property; worth $8U0O; Urge lot. 27:6x
120.
$35C0— Rents $430; 8 well built fiats, near
Ninth and Harrison tts. ; lot 23x33; Joins tha
Xlnth-st. frontage; a great buy.
$10,230 — Howard St.. between Third and
Fourth; lot 25xS0: Improvements. 2-story houw
of 9 rooma; should b* raised and store built
underneath; vacant land in this block sold lant
week for over $3UU per front foot.
$4250— North side ef N'atoma st., near 8ixth;
2 flats. 4 rooms and a rear house; rents $4tS:
lot 22x73: a few dollars spent on palntiiur. etc..
would sell this property for a big advance.
$8300— Rents $9Ca: 7 well hunt flats In excel-
lent condition: on th« east side of Harriet »t. ..
the rear of this tot Jojns the rear ef the Sixta-
su frontage; large lot, 60x73.
$330©-~Three new. modern flat* ef 5 rooms
and hath each; in an exceptionally fine neigh-
borhood, where property la always rented to a
high class of tenancy; r«nts> for $960 per an-
num, or over 11 per cent; placts a mortgage on
this of $4500> and make over 1? per cent per
annum; lot 25x123; near Cuboce Park.
$7500— Fays over 14 per cent: corner near
Fifth and Folsom ata.; & flats; rents fcr $1CKS
per annum; Ur?« lot. 43x3O; this le a bargain
and la just what you are looktag tor.
C, M. WOOSTER CO.. «iS Market at.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
LQT8 $10 PER MONTH.
LQT3 $10 PER MONTH.
PRICK *.»0 EACH.
NO INTEREST, NO TAXES.
CASTRO ST.
I>IAAX6NT> ST.
GLEN AVE.
DOUGLASS »T.
SURRBT ST.
CHENERT ST.
SEE THESB LOT8 TO-DAY — 17 HOCSE3
RU1LT AND IN COUR3H OS 1 CONSTRUC-
TION ON THIS TRACT.
WATER MAIN3 LAID. STREETS
GRADED. SEVERED AND MACADAMIZED.
ALL. READT TO BUILD ON. ONLT A FEW
STEPS FnOM THB CARS. CONVENIENT
TO STORES. SCHOOLS AXT> CHURCHEa
TAKE GUERRERO-ST. CARS, GET OFF AT
CHENERY AND CASTRO ST9. REPR-AV
EENTATIYE ON GROUNDS EVERT DAT.
RIVERS BROS., 203 MONTGOMERY ST.
W, J. OUNN.
B3O CALIFORNIA ST.
Savings Union Buildlrur.
$1700 — Union; sunny side: 2?:0xlU>; marine
vtew: a. bargain; ready for building.
$lSOO'for both— 2 lots, 23x120: Eleventh at?..
east side, near Point Lobos av«.; tho
cheapest lots In Richmond; ready for
buildlns; graded, macadamized and sew-
ered; a flne buy.
Extra, wtll built residence: sunnyside of street;
In Richmond: 3 rooms and basement: In
perfect condition; a pretty home; efferad
on account of departure; a bargain can
be obtained; cars pass.
The. cream of Paclfia Heights building sites In
subdivisions to suit buyers, with a pano-
ramic marine view, ready for building:
street work accepted: one of the lots sold
arvl $30,000 residence about to ba erected;
call at office for particulars.
W. J. GUNN.
C3O CALIFORNIA STT
LOTS. 29x120. en 41st ave.. near K st., on $10
monthly payments; na taxes, ao Interest; the
only installment lots In this location; elosa to
G. G. Park and octan boulevard, c. V.
MOORB. 9Z1 Market a;., room. 308.
OCEANSIDE cottage; a bargain: neat 4-rocm
; cottage on 49th ave.: lot 25x114; $1800; $100
caah. balance Ilka rent-
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California st.. San Francisco, CU.
A $2000 HOME built to soft you, lc- tooluded,
any location, on $1 23 per week. ICatnal
Horn* Building AssocUUos. 427 Croaale/ bid.
JOUX P. SPKECKELS {
Address Cotrnrunicatloris to
JOHN 31CXAUGI1T. . .-•-•» •Mgg? ger i
\V. J. MARTIX Bnslneaa Manager j
TELEPHONE. j
Ask tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department Tou Wish, j
PubllcaUrn Office Market and Third. S. F. |
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st I
DWivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75 !
Cts. P<r Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : M --
DAILT CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 y**r...fS.w»
DAILY CALL tinclud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4. W ,
DA ILY CALL— By Single Month • « |>« !
BUN DAT CALL. 1 Year ftjU .
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year - • • J ;J~ i
f 13ailv %S SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN /iunday 4 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. { w^Siv 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTEP.S ARE J£™° mZED j
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eercplo Ccj>i*s will be forwarded when re- .
quested. ;
Mail subscribers in ordering chanr^ of aa-
(rm should be rarticular to give both NEW <
A^CD OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a .
prompt and correct compliance witn tn«tr re-
«'.*eet 1
OAKLAND OFFICE: 1
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3 j
BERKELEY OFFICE: j
21 43 Outer Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: ;
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton J
NEW YOHK NEWS STANDS: j
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 I
TTrlon Squar*: Murray HH1 Hotel; Fifth-avenue!
Hotel and Hoffman House. :
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: j
ShermsLn House: P. O. Xews Co.; Great |
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium j
Hctel; Palmer House. I
¦ j
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KUOG.VESS. Marquette Building. ;
<Lcng Distance Telephone, "Central 2019.") j
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: 1
eTSPHEX B. SMITH So Tribune Building I
NEW YOI1K CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE or tho San Francl.«co Call. }
ccrw Market and Third struts: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10P« Market street, opposjte Fifth; open until
!1 p. m
627 Montgomery street corner Clay; OFen until
9::«) p. m.
SCW H£r<T5 street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fiC9 McAllister etreet; op<»n until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larktn street: oiwn until 9:30 p. m.
1 ?41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
30i: El-yvrnth etr-et; open until 9 p. m.
Jf?iC Valencia strert: ojwn until 8 p. ra. ;
y>nrtTwst corner Church sad Duncan streets; j
epfn until » p. m. 1
2^'Q FIllnv>re street; open until 9 p. m. j
5XAI. ESTATE—CITY— FOB SAU3.
CAGE. DEAI.KY & CO., J
i.iil Estate Acents. Houses Rented.
Rents Collected. i
638 Market St., cpri. Palace HoteL j
ISG.000 — 75 feet rnwjtage on iiixth St.. not far j
I from Market: 25 feet mnaing through
io rear street 1&5 f*rt; the property
erflj improve xvith three-story buildings, (
stores and rooming houses: three new I
f!a.t*. on rear street* permanently rented |
et $275 per month; mortgage of $13,OUO ,
tan remain; pays 8^-s per cent oa net j
investment; downtowa holdings of this !
nature are a I:::- M Impossible to find; |
proj>erty beirur sold to clcae an estate. J
•63.000— A grand holding on Van Nees ave; 1
improved wita a ihoroufchly modern .'{- •
rtory bulldlr.jt; under secured lease for ¦
ten years at $450 per month for the .
ftret five years and $300 per month, for j
the remainiiyt five years. j
$32,50M— Dowr.twr. Investment on Sacramento i
ft. running through to Commerrial; 3- j
story brick building, containing store
and lodFirjr- house above, aleo 2-siory
brick buildine oa Commercial tt.. two i
•lores and lnd«in£--house above; targe j
area of crouad; rent veo low at 924U0
, er anaus.
$22,000— A larce business corner situated in
the Western Addition; two stores and
elx flats; rent extremely low at $1C7 per
month. :
$*ti,O0O— Reduced from $30,000; large area of
ground. 50x105 feet: rents $203 £0 per I
n:"..:h; on Folsom St.: destined to be- '.
come as vaJ.ua.ble as Mission Ft. prop-
erty. I
$10,000 — O'FarreH St., near Buchanan; 34x137:6
feet; lot with an elecac^ 11-roooi house i
thereon; could be reconstructed Into
fiats to Day a handsome revenue. •
{3.500 — A business corner on Union St.; pay.
!:.p a handsome rate of Interest; store
and Cat and larce barn.
$7.500 — Three-etory dwelling of 15 rooms and
2 baths; fitted ui> for two separate
families; two kitchens, two seta of dou-
ble parlor*: r«ot $65 per month; mort-
Kage cf $5000 can remain,
$2,500 — 150x105 ftet en th* corner of Twenty-
eeeond and Vlcksburg sts.; euperb ma-
rine and panoramic view; a positive bar-
gain at this fifure.
$5.600 — Minna St.. pear Seventh: four tene.
meat flats of 4 rooms each: rent $44
}r«r mosth; tecaat» pay promptly in ad-
vance.
$5 500 — Busia<>se property on Clementina at.:
ttoi» mith thro* beautiful living rooms,
with -a new. modern fcit above of five
rooms and bath; wooden mantel*, gas
trat<*s, modern in every resjject; rented
fcr $47 50 per month; nxsigage $2200
can remain.
$5.500 — A baiKain on Puttw Et.; store aad
flat above of six r'Kims.
$5,500— Two beautiful flats on Xoe at., near I
Nineteenth: !>-<i rounds and poreclaia j
baths; thoroughly modern: iras grates. |
wooden mantels, tiled sinks; rent $47 50 i
per moctjj.
$4,8CO— Rent $4.8 per month: a Fnap in South
of Market st. Investments: two fiats of
4-5 rooms: double cottases In rear of
3 fir..' escb and high basement, also
baths: situated on Lancton s-t.
$4,000— A XE. corner south of Market; lm-
ppoveo»nui consist of two fiats, barn
and Etable to accommodate 1 horses; j
k-Jso cottage of 5 rooms and hath, etable
with 2 staJIs and wagon ebed: lot «)Ox<jO
?eet. I
sjCge, dealey & co., '
CSS Market St.. ocp. Palace Hotel, j
CE.VTEU & SPADER. ~ I
11 MoEtsomery St.. Lick House block.
$!).3OO — Three r.ew *lat» <>n Masonic ave.: 7
rat.ms in each: r*nt* $72 .V>; lot 25x100.
$5.000 — Two up-to-date flu*. 5 rrx>ms e&cb.
on Ma^onJf avt; rentf $45: 2."xl0fl. '
%-.(.*. — BroiTlrk «t.; three nvdern flats; rents I
$65; lot 25x100. :
$6,000— Rents $50; two flats and stable, on I
Twf-ntieth. rear Valencia; lot 2SX114. j
$10, COO—.- Make offer; fcur modern flats on Do- t
lotr-s st.. near Seventeenth; rents $-S5;
lot .Vbrl2T>.
$2M. O00— Rent* $2400: five new, up-to-date flats j
on I'ine. close to Van Neas a.ve.; lot I
27x120: two frontaees. . •
$2S.*<\k— S'K. huslacfs comer on Valencia et..
c-Gfifistir^ cf »tore» and flats; renting I
lew at *175 a month: can be Increased; j
lot COxW, with vacant lot in rear. 25x>5.
$7.M0— Rents $75; snap; three new fiats, elx !
rooms each, oa Carl st.. near Clartcn;
lot CTxlOO.
$4.OfX) — Two Tats, four rooms and bath each;
r*nt» $3*; lot 25x95: location Twenty-
*»oood ft., near Fol»r>m.
$8.750 — Two ue-w up-to.date flats Bearing
completion en MlrhU-an ave.. cloae to
Richmond Jordan Tract; 6 rooms In
each flat: both flats, rented at S75 per
mouth; choice lot. 33x90; take Sutro
cars to property.
$«.2S*— Rents S53; twe new flats north of
Market et. : choice location; S and 6
rooms; lot 75x113.
$<5.«X>— 5n»t>: »w, ut>-to.-date residence on
Fell et . ne*r Fillmore. cevatatniwe nine
¦unry rooms; cr>en plumbirg, electric
wiring, etc.
$2.flOO--Wry cheap: cottagre of 5 rooms on
Capp at.; rents «22; lot 26x115.
CENTER & SPADER.
MARINE VIEW LOTS. """"""
Corners and Inside lots In block bounded
by 4<*h and 47th av«*.. C and D (Fulton)
isfs.. half block from the Fulton-st. entrance
of th* park. 2 bloek» from the beach and 3
blocks from the CUS House. The«e lots are I
sheltered from the winds and offer all the
attractions one can desire. The city baa ap-
propriated out of this year's taxee funds to
cpen op Fulton st. from Its prenaot terminus
t> the ocean, ao.4 when tills is .done these
lot* will raor» than double la value. No
better specnlatlve property to be found in
th«. city; you can buy them on easy terms
from us v and deal with the owners direct.
Interest « per cent. Our representative is
on the jrround on Sundays. Take Cliff Houxe
oar <O'Farr»-ll-»t. 2!ne), g«t off at the life
earing station and walk one block east. The
blnck fa fenced and lias our signs on.
WEZSSBEIN BROS. & CO.. Owners,
616 Eicr»Bwnto si.
LOTS IN WESTERN ADDITION. ~
Twenty-«txth rt.. rear Dolores.*
Twenty-third et.. near Castro.
I'-ancf.n st.. bet. Sanchez aad Church.
Richmond Iota for sale on most favorable
monthly payments, as cSeap as others sell
thna for cash. Homes built as yon desire
them, to b*» paid for with rent money.
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO..
HOME PROVIDERS.
CJ6 Sacramento M.
$7750— 1KVEST in the Mission Warm Belt;
S2300 csRh. b8tance monthly payments: Dew
three-flat buildlr.es. 6 rooms and bath each;
two Iron tare* : iacome ?570 per annum; Capp,
Twar 26th. Henry Felge. IOCS Capp et.
$7500— WESTERN Addition house and lot, 8
room* and bath; make offer. Apply F. Hoi-
tan. £17 California et.
BEAfr ESTATE— CTTT—rOB SAXB. ! _
DAVIDSON *, LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st.
Keal Estate Agents. Phone Main 123.
. Kents collected. Opp. Mills bldg. entrance.
LOTS.
$125 per front foot; i-residlu UelgbU choice
. building lota; marine view can never be
obstructed; absolutely tha cheapest lota
ever put on the market; near Walnut
aud'JackEon sts. M0WsqaJpa8&aB|
$300— Low 35 ft. front on CorUand ave.;
- all level; street work done; almost, given
$700— Lot's 2«xl33 ; on sunny side of Chenery
st.. near Randall,
$1,400— bargain; lot 27:6x123 on Hartford st.,
near lath; sunny side; elegant view; on
"¦" cra.de; nioe and level.
$1,800 each— Choice sunny lots; Clayton st.,
- ' ' near Panhandle; cheap. - ,
$2,300— Lot 26x110; Frederick st., near Bel-
. . vedere.
•3000 only for choice 1 2$ ft. building lot on
sunny side Webster st, near Bush.
where they sell uor $5uoo; we can loan*
$2000 on this. .
$5,500— Large 35 ft . lot on Pine st, near
Buchanan; room for 6 flaw; only $1000
cash; we can carry you for $4B0O; fiats
on this will net Is per cent.
$3.330 — Clay st. sunny s(de, near Baker: lot
25x100; all ready to build; an ideal lot
for flats. ¦
$13,750— Reduced this week from $10,000; big
lot. . 70x120; the very best location for
flats or apartments; in the most central
and valuable residence portion of the
inner Western Addition.
COTTAGE BARGAINS.
$3,930— Guerrero-st cottage, almost new, 7
rooms,- bath; sunny and modern In
every detail; heavy mortgage; your
- own terms; lot 25x100.
$5,600 — Very pretty new colonial residence on
6th ave., near Lake st., of 9 rooms and
large basement; handsomely deoorated
inside j * large lot, 26x120; every j room
$6,250— Rents $878; a most tempting buy; 4
' ¦..- very cosy flats, 5-6 rooms and baths; el-
ways rented; very moderate rents; big
lot; building Is extra well built, sunny
and up to date; near the Park; you
can buy this for less than $25(M> cash;
we can carry | $4iR>0 mortgage and It
will pay you over 18 per cent net on
the cash payment.
$6,800 — Rents fV-Jo; artlstlo shingle flats; new
and very pretty; 6-0 rooms, baths: sun-
ny garden; large lot, 25x100, in exclu-
sive neighborhood; near the Park; we
can loan $3600 on these at <i per cent.
$8.000—^Rents $012; 4 sunny new flats in Mis-
sion warm belt; 0-)} rooms, baths; very
pretty Inside finish; low rents; lot 50x
100; actually cost $o750; positively a
bargain.
$11,900— Ronts $1440; these are beautiful; 3
model flats, 7 rooms each, baths and
¦'"¦ ' every convenience and Improvement
that money can buy; spacious sunny 1
rooma, handsomely decorated; large J
rear garden; could not be duplicated
for $15,0uO; only 2 years old; . select
residence block; near Clay and Webster.
$16,000— Rents $1038 positively; 6 sunny ele-
gant flats of 5 rooms each; Just com-
pleted; facing Duboce Park; the very
best of construction and most expensive
interior finish; pays 18 per cent on the
caah required to purchase; large lot and
elegant garden.
INVESTMENTS.
$5,150— Guaranteed rents $tVK>; 8 flats of •'$
rooms each ; rented for I only $30 pei
month; big 60x75 ft. . lot; backs up to
Sixth st; no vacancies In 4 years; there
is $2000 profit on a quick turn in this.
$13, SOU— Large lot, 55x120; on sunny side of
Fell st.. close in, with 65 ft. frontage
on rear street, with 3 modern 8-room
bouses and room for 6 flats on rear;
can be bought tor small cash pay- j
ment; the land alone Is worth the ;
price; will actually pay over 20 per cent !
on tho amount required.
$80,000 — Solid 4-story and basement brick on
key lot on Pine St.. close to banking
center; rents now $2200; can be doubled
whe-n lease expires shortly; $10,000
mortgage.
$33,000 — Kxtm busy 87:6 ft. corner on 9th st.,
cloue to Market; stores and flats paying
6 per cent net; a bargain. <
$45,000— (JJllt-edged business corner. 75x00; in- I
side 6th st.; 2 blocks from Market; 5 j
stores and apartments above; should be .
remodeled and enlarged and lessee of- I
fers double present rent of $3360; per- !
emptory sale to close ('State. ;
$66,500 — Handsome 4-story and basement new I
brick building on sunny corner on 3d j
st:. In stores and apartments, with all |
known modern appliances and conv«n- ;
'.'«<¦ iences of a strictly first-class structure)
ever}' room spacious and sunny; guar-
anteed lease now pays over 9 per cent;
$33,000 mortgage at 6 per cent.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 207 Montgomery -st.
MADISON & BURKE, ~ ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1853.
.10 . Montgomery et. ...... ;Opposlt« Lick House
1$10,000 — Corner on Qctavta St., near Sutter;
.* .flats renting for over 9 per cant; lot
60xS7;6- "
$18,600 — 2 fine -new flats, on Washington St..
near fine park; 8 and 9 rooms and bath;
rent $ltif>0 per annum.
J520,000--Powell »t. business property: 65-foot
-.front, running through to • rear street;
old Improvements paying $1260 per an-
num; fine property to Improve.
$10,750— Page st; 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7
- rooms and bath; annual rent $000.
$0,000 — Store and flat. 0 room's ' and bath
above, on Oak st. : rent $630 cer an-
num: this la worth Jooklnx into.
$6,000— Bryant St.. near Third; modern flats;
well rented: lot 25x80.
i $4,250 — Leavenworth st., In choloe location;
house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x70
feet; rent $3tSQ per annum.
$S,000 — Folsom et.. rear Seoond, north side of
street: larre lot and house of 13 rooms.
j $3,100 — Harrison st.. near First; house rents
$lti; lot 20x63:9.
— ¦*— r-LQTS — *^— —
$4,100— Fillmore st., near' Grove; lot 25x107:6.
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTT.
$5,000—2 modern flats; 6 rooms and bath
each; near Market and Guerrero sis.;
rent $504 per annum.
$5,000— Two flne lots; Beulaa st., near 3tan-
yan: 00x137:6.
$2,450— Lot 25x125 on fine street, near Du.
boce Park and Stclner st: flne lot for
flats ; all new imDrovements on the
block.
$1,976— Harrison at., near 28th: fine cottage,
6 rooms and bath: lot 25x110; cheap.
$4.500 — Chattanooga st.. near Twenty-third;
large lot, 65x117:8 to rear street.
$5,00^— North Beach investment; 4 flats; rent
$504 per annum: large lot, 40 ft. front,
on Bay- st. 1
Lots 27:6x137:6 on Sutter St., between Stclner
and Pierce.
Building lot*. NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Buker at,: in sizes to. suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT8L
Vo you realise that the growing city of San
Francisco has . only : small area of
Ocean Beach 7
Astounding prices wfll be obtained for lots
fronting the ocean In near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000— Uno»»iructed . ocean and park
view. Lota on ¦ easy terma. None like
them in this elty. Selling; rapidly, at
our tow prices and terms. Don't
mlsa this opportunity; see
them to, day.
$100 to $350— Near park and ocean; $0 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceanslde Branch Office on
. corner H at. and 47th ave, open dally
. . and Sunday. ¦
$300 to $1100— Choicest Sunset and Richmond
, . lota. On Installments.
$100 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots,
near cars; $5 monthly. •
$1250 to ' $3000— Modern cottages in Sunset
Richmond. Oceanslde and Mission;
eaay terms/
8OL GETZ A SON. Owners and Dealers.
, Room 64. fourth floor. Chronicle bldg.
$43<HV-O^RO&M bouse; ¦ 2 lots: 400 Fair Oaks"
$3400— $500 down; new house, 8 r. and^:
Freelta *ve, ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ .¦:.- ¦:-¦ ~ ¦ .. . ."
$1600— $400 down; new cottage, 4 r. and b •
308 China ave. ¦ • • ¦-..'. ¦ . ~ ¦
$1300— Cottaga. 5 r. and b. ; on Folsom st
terras. D. COFFIN. 2328 Mission,' w. 21st
$2200— BAY-WINDOW, 7-room cottage; 4 lots
oa 4 ccruer; ornamental hedge. - vegetable and
flower garden: •• barn, chicken-houses,, etc:
terms easy. ' ' - - -¦ -..,»«¦«? •
A' cozy eettacre. 4 rooms, large basement,
chicken-houses, etc.; only $1100.. - ".
, Choice level lots. - $200 each. ' .- r • ¦• "C
THISTLETON. 21% Sadowa St., Ocean View,
$250 EACH— 5 lots, 25x7Q. 17. Roscoe st., i first
street to right of. Crescent ave.; Mlsslon-at 1
¦ .
REAi gSTATE — <Sm— TOB SAIiB.
O H UJVIBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
j AUCTION t
I AUCTION
; Of Investment, residence and unimproved
I properties will be held Tuesday. Nov. 15. 1904.
• at our salesroom. 20 Montgomery st., at 12
j o'clock noon.
ESTELLE M. DUMONT ESTATE-
Executor's Sale. *
Subject to confirmation, by the Superior Court
821-3-5 Turk st. 87:8 west of Leavenworth;
Improvements consist of 3 houses of 8-7-9
rooms and bath each; rented nominally for
$102 60 per month: splendid holding to im-
prove: bank mortgage of $14,500 at » per cent
can remain; lot 60x87:0.
M. MeKSNNA ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR SALE.
1779 Fifteenth st. bet. Valencia and Guerre-
ro; improvements consist of two-story dwelling
ef 7 room* and bath; lot 25x100; eubject to
confirmation by- the Superior Court. .
S.VKAH RTAN ESTATE.
Administratrix Sale.
309 Castro St., between 16th and 17th: im-
provements consist of a bay-window cottage
of 6 rooms and bath, brick foundation, etc.;
Ic4 25x87:6; subject to conflrmatlon by the Su-
perior Court. !i..
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDED CK
1408 McAllister St.. north line, bet Pierce
and Scott: improvements consist of an elegant
aiyi substantially built residence of 15 rooms,
bath and servants' room, etc.: large grounds,
garden and lawn; nicely situated: lot 3T.xl37:8.
RICHMOND DISTRICT PROPERTIES.
No. 1.
893 7th ave.. nr«r C st: new cottage of •
rooms and bslh; nicely finished ; rent $23.
No. 2.
«04 C «t.. near 7th avs.: new cottage ot T
rooms and. bath; nicely finished; rent $30.
No. a. •
C00 and 602 C st. cor. 7th ave.; two new
flats- of 6-5 rooms and bath each; rents $50.
No. 4.
T43 C st. bet 8th and 9tb aves.: new mod-
ern cottage of 7 rooms and bath; rents $30 pe*
month.
No. 5.
732 C st. bet 8th and 9th aves..: modern
dwell!ni of 7 rooms and bath; rents $30 per
mosth.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
2717-19 24th, St.. bet- Alabama and Florida;
Improvements consist of. a. two-story building,
containing store and flat of. 6 rooms; rents
$37; lot 27x104:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
1330 York St.. bet 25tb and 28th sts.: Im-
provements consist of a bay-wlndovr cottage
of 6 room* and ba/h: lot 26x100:, bank mort-
gage of $S00 at p per cent can remain.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
406 30th st. bet Sanchez and Noe: Im-
provements consist of a two-story bay-window
dwelling of S rooms and bath: tot 25x114.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
. 20 Montgomery st
G. H. UMBSEN & CO. 20 Montgomery st.
Rest Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$19.000— Rents $IS31 per annum: elegant cor-
ner on California St.; modern apart-
ment house of 23 rooms and bath; se- 1
cured lease: lot 25x5S:3- '
$13,000— Reduced from $20,000; rents $1350 per '
annum; near Pine and Leavenworth sts.; !
improvements consist of 3 large dwell- j
Ings; large lot 57:6 feet front; a, splen- ,
did renting location. j
$15,000 — Cents $1122 per annum; a splendid '
piece ot property, close to railroad ;
depot; double oottaze ot 7 rooms each: ¦
store and 2 flats: a corner with 3 ;
frontages: brick fcundation. etc.; 33x160. j
$15,00<>— Rents 150O per annum: noar Geary 1
and Las-una itc.; 3 modern flats of 6-7 ;
rooms and bath each: lot 27:6 feet front, i
$14,000 — lunts JlCMf per annum: near Bush !
and Leavenworth sts. ; double bous« of 1! \
rooms and bath each; bay wiridows ; .
brick foundation: substantially built. ,
$13,000— Rents $1500 per annum; Washington
st.: 3 modern fiats of 7 rooms and. bath .
each- in desirable residence section; tot
25x102. :, ¦
$10.500— Rents $030 per annum: 3 new. sunny :
fi3ts: 5-C rooms and bath each; near j
MUj-inn and Twenty-third; large lot.
35x122:0, ;
$?,000 — Rents $7<5* per annum: Larkin st.: •
close to California st. ; 2 bay wiadow
flats of 5-*> rooms and bath each; lot
25x100; a good buy.
j^SOO — Rent $«jCt) per annum: 2 flats on Fill- t
more Bt.; 5-6 rooms and bath each; j
rented very low; lot 23x110. '
$6,150 — Ftilton et., near Scott; a cozy" bay !
window residence of 8 rooms and bath; ;
handsomely finished.
$4780 — Rwits $510 per annum; Treat av». ; 3 :
desirable flats of 5-C rooms and bath '
each and stable In rear; lot 25x112:8;
2 frontages. J
$3,500— Rents $4S0 per annum; cloe* to Sixth !
and Folsora sts. ; Improvements consist i
ef 4 tenements In good order and ateadlly :
rented; tot 25x80. :
$3,25!) — Rents $420 per annum; near Eleventh .
and Folsom sts.; Improvements consist •
of dwelling. 2 flats and stable; large .
lot. MxSl.
$2 250— Gwrrero St.; cheice building lot f or |
residence or flats; desirable location; lot |
23x125. !
For • further particulars of the- above and ;
for the B<"al Estate Record, containing list of j
properties for sale la all parts of the city,
Inquire at our office,
inqu re UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery St.
Real Estate Dealers and Auctioneer*.
HOAG * LANSDALE.
10a. Montgomery et.
SAN MATEO. SAN MATEa
•El. CERRITO PARK.
EL CERRITO PARK.
Never before offered except in Urge acreage
pieces, small holdings nor at acreage price*. 1
A chance to buy a suburban lot In the most
beautiful catural park in the world, enriched
by years of care: containing and surrounded
by magnificent country seats; a chance that I
will never be offered again because there
Is no tract to compare with El Cerrlto: 22
lots sold In tlus last five days. Send for
booklet. mai> and prices.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
Mr>dern residence on 45-foot lot; commanding
i magnificent vtew of the entire bay; this Is
; without question the best marine view resi-
! ijoncc f"r the price: particulars at office;
I price $l*.00O.
Just about finished: two beautiful homes on
corner lot overlooking the park; «ach house
has 50 f«"* frontage; 8 large rooms; ser-
vants' rocm and basement; nothing llk«
them in the city: car line pas*es; superb
view; np-to-date In every way} built by day
tebot : price $«X)O to $S500i
See Fifth and Sixth aves., against the Pr«sidlo
wall; grading is done and bitumen street
' wcrk briny completed: no flats: secure your
; choice Jn this beautiful property.
Cheap — Mission cottage on Bryant ave.. near
1 Twsnty- fourth at-, 6 rooms; lot 28x100; only
1 $1850.
i MISSION INVESTMENT.
' Northeast corner on Minna »t; lot 25x90 feet;
store aad fiats; rents $52 per month; price
$0000.
Ser.d for our list of lots. In all parts of the
HOAG & LANSDALE.
: 108 Montgomery St.
! A. J. RICH & CO... REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
! 112 MONTGOMERT ST.
t $6,500; — 2 flats. Broderick St.. near Fell; rents
$60 per month: lot 25x26.
$7,500—2 flats": Frederick st. near Cole; 5 |
' and 6 rooms and bath; lot 25xl&7:6.
I $21.000— r Folsom st investment. Rear 5th; lot
; 50x90; stores and fiats; flne Income.
j $12,000— Broadway and Tayloj st. corner: 27:8
: xl23. to rear street; residence and cot-
i tage. house and lot.
$35,000— Firimoro Rt.« near Sutter: large lot,
; 50x100: 4-story buiWlny. renting for
$i."73 per month.
$6,500—2 fiat;: Scott et, near Ellis; rents
$5S per month: lot 23x90.
$4.500 — Washington st. Dear Laurel; lot 25x
112:6; make an offer.
$S,30»— Jackson et residence, near Baker; lot
25x100.
$l,?50 — Southeasterly corner California ave.
and Virginia st: near Mission st. car
line: 23x70.
$27,000— Mission anfl 24th st«.; northwest cor-'
ner; larg« lot, 128x117:6; three front-
ages.
$14,000— Haight st.: thre* flats: rents $1060
per annum: lot 80x137:6; between 1 La-
guna and Buchanan. .
$26.000 — Broadway «t. investment nr. Kearny;
lot 60-ft. front; rents «3OO per month.
$7,500 — Pin* *t. residence: ft rooms, and bath;
near Baker; lot 27:0x187:6.
$9,000 — Offer wanted; Sacramento st/ resi-
dence; 0 rooms and bath; latest modern
Improvements; lot 2S:9xl0O; must be
sold.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
I £3 PER month; great bargain In the Exoel-
( sior District; price $200: short distance from
1 Mission st. cars; proposed c«r shops ot the
I Untied Rallrcads only a short distance. Me-'
! EWEN KROS., 118 Montgomery at
I $5 PER month will buy a flne level lot at
Ocean View, all ready for building; fine op-
i portunlty to get a nice building lot cheap;
' close to proocsad car shops of the -United
I Railroads: fhsi-claaa buy. McEWEN BROS.,
j 113 Montgomery st. '
! $2250 — BARGAIN; Sacramento at; lot level,
all ready for building; best buy in tha dls-
trici: make offer. McEWEN BROS, lib
Montgomery st. ...
$40<j0— MISSION flats In rood order: must be
sold; chance to get a good bargain cheap.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
POINT RICHMOND
Is the fastest growing town
on the Coast to-day. . ¦
Million* being expended there.
Land is rapidly Increasing In value.
Now is the time to buy a lot there.
All level. $5 per month.
McEWEN EROS., llg Montgomery sU
ONLY $140 per front foot; sunny side of street;
In Mission warm belt: no fogs, qo winds; lot
4VxlCO; en Howard, n^ar 14th st. ; for resi-
dence or business It's an O. K. Investment.
THISTLETON. Ocean View.
FOR sale — Bargain; northwest cor. 15th and
1 CoHlsgwood sts.; store, 8 living rooms, flat 0
j rooms, bath: stable and wagon-shed; size of
1 lot 28x75. Kce owner on the premises*THE ;SAN :KRANGISCO CALL-:SUNDAY,- NOVEMBJiR, 6;- 1904:
43
ALAMEDA ADYERTW'TS
AIuAMEDA BEAI. ESTATB.
~IF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR RENT.
SEE THE LEADING AND RELIABLE
AGENTS. WE GUARANTEE SATISFAC-
TION.
$1500 — Good 4-room cottage: excellent plumb-
ing; lot 40x125.
$1800 — 7-room 2-story house In good condition;
windmill and tank; lot 50x150.
$2250 — Near) up completion; 5 rooms, reception
• hall, bath and pantry; combination gas
and electric fixtures; cement cldewalks,
etc.; $750 cash, balance same as rent.
$8250— Also In course of construction; 6 rooms,
modern in every particular; lot 40x125;
$500, balance $25 per month v
$5500 — Very swell home of 12 rooms on Ban
Jose ave.; lot 50x150; the owner of this
property Is going- East and owing to this
fact some cne will get a bargain.
Building lets a specialty.
Entire charge taken of property.- Rents col-
lected. •¦ - - . ¦ - ¦ . : '¦:>¦¦':- *«
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
,:?-: 1422 Park st
FINE BARGAINS in HOUSES and COTTAGES
$600 — i-room cottage; near Versailles station.
S13C0 — 4-room cottage; near Park st
$13G0 — 5-room cottage: -Buena Vista ave.
$1600 — 5-room cottage; Fountain Bt.
$1800— 5-room cottage; Eagle ave.; $250
down; balance easy payments; snap.
Cottage and two flats; west end; lot 100x125;
rents $27 00 per month; offer wanted. -
$2500 — Cottage and house near San Jose ave.;
rents $25 per month: good Investment.
$6C00 — Fine investment In business property;
rents $720 per annum; leased for 5 years.
Choice lot on Sherman st. near Bay; 75x150
Also a flne line of other property; give us a
call and lnsnect same.
E. D. JUDD * CO.,
1424 Park St.. Alameda.
AZlAUESA HOUSES TO LET,
¦ "¦» I "I, ' ' '""[ ' '"¦¦'
NEW? sunny, upper flat 6 rooms, gas, elec-
tricity, large separate porch; lawns; 2 min-
utes from trains; electric cars pass door; $30.
2117 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda,
AI.AMEDA COTTAOES TO I.ET.
RBADY for occupancy; a new 6-room cottage;
lot 50x108: terms: mak« an offer. See owner,
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st, Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEBHELET BE AX ESTATE.
FAIRVIEW PARK.
A BEAUTIFUL TRACT OF LAND,
Situated on the SE. corner of beautiful Berke-
ley, divided Into 50-foot lots. These are offered
at the tow price of $900 each.
Terms, one-fourth cash, balance 1, 2 and 3
years.
These prices Include all the street work and
sidewalks and tree planting.
Only 2 years agro the Berry & Bangs Tract
was opened up at $1000 per lot; to-day these
lots are selling at from $1750 to $2500.
The Falrvtew Park Is Just south of the above
and equally -as good.
Buyers at to-day's prices will surely double
their money. Maps and other information from
JOS. J. MASON,
On the grounds, or Berkeley station.
ARE YOU SATISFIED
TO RENT?
Many eyes are turned toward BERKELEY:
in fact, all California is amazed at our city's
growth. No other city in the State has made
the same advance as BERKELEY in the last
year.
A HOME IN BERKELEY!
BERKELEY Is THE great HOME city of
California. WHY? There are hundreds of
reasons. . Chiefly because it is 35 minutes frem
San Francisco, with a 5-cent fare; its mag-
nificent schooling facilities; Its air of refine-
ment . and culture. Would you not prefer to
bring up your little ones In such environment?
THINK ABOUT IT!
We take the greatest pleasure and pains In
showing- property, of which we have' a large
; and attractH-e list. Especially we invite in-
spection of the McGEE Tract.
HOUSKS, LOTS AND BUSINESS PROPER-
. v TIES.
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shattuck ave.
BERKELEY.
At KEY ROUTE Terminu*,
JUSTER & BAIRD. ~~"
$2550 — New 5-room cottage; terms.
$2750— New 5-room cottage; terms.
$2850— New 6-room cottages; terms.
$2850—7 rooms; new house.
$3000— 5-room cottage; convenient.
S3W0 — 6-room house: near station.
$3000— New 6-room house; easy terms.
$3000 — 6-room cottage; North Berkeley.
$3150— «-rooni house; fine location.
$3500 — 6-room house; close to train.
$3500 — S-room .house; nice place.
$3750 — C-roora house; flne location.
$3750 — 7-room house; a bargain.
$3775 — 7-room house; South Berkeley,
14000— 8-room house; lot 100x125.
$4250 — 9-room house; 50x135.
$4500 — 7-room house; North Berkeley.
$4750 — 9-room house; east of Telegraph.
$4750 — S-room house; North Berkeley.
$4f^00 — 8-room house; Piedmont ave.
We also have fine residence lots in all parts
of town. Including the Fairvlew Park Tract,
Hopkins Terrace, Berry-Bangs,
JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck ave.
BERKELEY,
$5000 — 10-room house; 1 afire tn fruit: barn
and blacksmith shop and wagon shop; 2
forges going all the time; take Inventory
of stock; terms; first-class location; 20
miles from Ran Francisco.
$7500 — 10-room i#odern colonial' house; center
of Berkeley; cost more than $9000; can get
loan of $5000 on this; Investigate.
$5500 — 9 rooms; acre of ground;, stable, etc.;
this must be sold; party wanting to leave.
$1100 — Lota 50x135; adjoining lots selling for
$1500; central; new buildings; party wants
to raise money immediately; a snap.
$500 — 40- foot lot; street work done; central;
owner says sell; adjoining lots $700.
$2200. $2700 and $3500— Choice colonial houses;
new; never been occupied; grand views;
terms like rent.
Office open to-day.
-•1SGRIGG & HARRIS,
Dwight way.
Northwest corner of Shattuck ave. j
HERE ARE YOUR BARGAINS.
$WX> — Nearly an acre; high ground: flne view;
within a mile of U. C.
$600— Attractive lot; near in; 48x130 feet;
street work paid; tftrms easy.
$900— A nice we6t-front corner lot. 50x130
feet; near In;' paved streets.
$1350— Nice, modern 3-room cottage; bath,
pantry: nearly new; includes street work;
terms easy.
$1975— Good 5-room cottage; corner lot; paved
streets: near Key route.
$3000 — Splendid new «-room house, near Key
v route; $300 cash.
$4700— An elegant, modern home, 10 rooms;
choice location; close in; handsome
• grounds; easy terms.
Two good lots in North Berkeley, with flne
view; exchange for house and lot.
Borne flne acreage at San Pablo, suitable for
building sites, orchards or factories.
LYMAN ALLEN, 2120 Center St., Berkeley. .
" SPECIAL BARGAINS. *
$2700— New fl-room house; In ttne . location;
street work, sidewalk and fences all In;
this is a snao. '
$3500 — C-rootn house, nicely tinted walls, good
hardwaj*. electrio lights, fuel gas; . every-
thing about it ia complete; a bargain.
Are you Interested In lots? If so, we have a
corner on macadamized street for $675; ln-
8ld«s lots for $450; street work done; others
for from $650 to $3000; fine locations; we
have many bargains in' houses and lota
¦ -- ranging from $2000 upward ; please give us
a call and be convinced.
F. H. LAWTON & CO..
Phone Derby 1102. 2147 Center st.
CHENEY & CO..
REAL ESTATE, INSURANCE.
WE BUY. SELL AND EXCHANGE. •
WILL BUILD YOU A HOME, SMALL PAY-
MENT DOWN. BALANCE SAME AS RENT
FACTORY SITES ' IN WEST BERKELEY*
WITH TRACK FACILITIES.
A FEW CHOICE BARGAINS IN LOTS
CHENEY & CO.,
TEMPORARY QUARTERS AT ROOM . 12.
UNIVERSITY SAVINGS BANK BLDG.
HOMESEKKEHS AND INVESTORS — A
. WORD: - -
THERE ARK OTHER WAYS OF MAKING
MONEY WITHOUT HAVING IT ACTUALLY
COINED FOR YOU— WITHOUT TAKING
ANY RISKS WHATEVER— BY JUDICI0U8
PURCHASE OF BERKELEY REAL ESTATE
—THAT'S. ALL. THINK IT OVER. ¦
Central Real Estate Co., Berkeley,
' . ¦ • c»x. - . . . r.-'-V-:; '„-•.-
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
\'_ ¦ __ r BB'»r«'7 iT '' H y REAIi ZBTACT.
$6200— If you are looking for a good home In
the best residence district In town, see
this at once: 9 rooms: modern In every
respect; south exposure; near Euclid ave.
and U..C. grounds...
$5500— Another model house of 7 rooms In the
Scenic Park; very complete; must be seen
to be appreciated. "\
$5250—8 rooms; large lot; east of Telegraph
ave.. near Dwight; a bargain; must be
sold.
$4500—10 rooms; large lot: centrally located;
lots of bouse for a little money.
$4250 — 10-room house on Vine St., North
Berkeley; above the R. R.; south expos-
ure; or will rent for $35; water free.
WE HAVE OTHERS.
COME JUST TO LOOK.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
FRUITVALE APVERT'B'TS
rBPITVAItB BEAI. ESTATE. ' _^
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. ¦
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
Office one-half block from Frultvale station.
$600 ca&h; beautiful home of 4 large rooms:
high basement, concrete foundation; flne well
of water: all set out in small frulta; will
make a tine chicken ranch; no cold fosrs or
heavy winds; nestles at the base of the foot-
hills; street cars, schools, church and post-
offlce close by; flne sandy loam soil; nearly
¦ one acre of ground; price all told $2000; this
is a snau.
$2250— Chicken ranch; new house of five
I rooms; chicken houses and yards; young fruit
; treea; large, flne shade trees; nice creek; flne
location; close to echool and street cars: lot
125x200,
$2100— Splendid house of. 6 rooms and pan-
tries; flne well, also city water; fruit trees
and flowers; all surrounded by a fine picket
and wire fence; lot 100x200.
$1150— Nice rustic cottace of 4 rooms; high
basement: flne well of splendid water; chick-
en houses and yards; property nicely fenced;
close to cradod school, postoffice and church;
. lot 50x100.
$4250— Beautiful home: 2-etory house with
6 lartre rooms, elegant reception hall, large
bath, pantry; artistically finished; stable;
summer- house covered with vines; beautiful
lawn, abundance of flowers, family orchard;
street and newer work all done; grand view
of foothills and bay; in the heart of town;
one block to electric cars; close to flne school;
lot 70x230; price, all told, $4250, one-half of
which can remain.
Small payment down and easy monthly pay-
ments can be made on any of my properties.
Fine lot on Frultvale ave., 40x120, $000.
Choice corner, 50x123. only $750; street work
done; . sewered.
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY PAY-
MENTS.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
flne so.ll; grand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no i cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only
$75 each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per mouth.
.CHAS. F. LEE, 1222 Frultvale ave.
H. 1 BARKMEYER. 1206 Fruttvale ave.. Frult-
> vale, Cal. Tel. Brook 1721.
$900 — Reduced from $1100; cottage of 3 rooms
and closets; lot 75x256; all fonced; good
well and pump; terms $100 cash, balance
$10 per month; 4 blocks from car line;
convenient to school.
{950 — Plain house of 3 rooms; large lot, 50x
265; extra good well and pump; 2 blocks
from car line and 10 minutes' walk to
local train; terms if desired.
$1300 — New co^y cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
porcelain tub; electric lights and gas;
sewer and city water: one block from
school and electric car line; 5 short blocks
from local train; terms ¥300 cash, balance
like rent.
$1650—Han<isome cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
closets, pantry, galr high basement; lot
37:6x100; small barn and chicken-house,
flowers and fruit trees In bearing; 3 blocks
from Frultvale station. .
FOR SALE IN EAST OAKLAND.
$1500 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath:
pantry, closets and «as; elegant location;
on car line; street work and cement side-
walks -.ill complete; near school and 4
blocks from local train; easy terms If de-
sired.
$20CO — Modern two-story house of 6 large
rooms and bath; lot 40x116; street work
all done; terms ?»">o cash, balance $23
per month; this Is a bargain and must
be seen to be appreciated.
$350O— 4V4 acres of good land, mostly in bear-
ing orchard; house of 5 rooms, pantry
and closets; good well, windmill and
tank; bam and chicken-houses, brooder-
. house. Incubator, etc.; situated In upper
Frultvale; 15 minutes' walk to electric
car line; easy terms If desired. For par-
ticulars apply to . ' ¦ • " ¦ .
< -" " HENRY BARKMEYER,
• 1200 Fruitvale. ave., Frultvale. Cal.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY. ,
¦ ¦¦¦ : • ' Incorporated In 1S80.
REAL ESTATE, INSURANCE AND MONEY
: TO. LOAN. . .
VALENTINE G. HUSH. President.
S. R. THORNE. Secretary.
First National Bank S. F., Treas.
The Facta of the Case Will Surprise Some of
You and Interest You All.
MANY ROADS.
The safest and surest of them all is the
Real Estate road.
Nowhere has thia truth had stronger proof
than In the growth of Fxultvale.
Everybody investing In Frultvale real es-
tate has made money.
Three principal causes of our growth here
are:
First — The high rents of the city.
Second — The certainty of steady advance In
present values. • ., .
Third— The cheap prices here now.
We have a large Hat of modern
3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 room houses for
sale 'on very reasonable terms.
It matters not whether you have $100 or
more to Invest come, now. and let us help
you to locate your family In Fruitvale.'
REMEMBER. WE HAVE
LARGEST LIST,
CHOICEST LOTS,
LOWEST PRICES,
EASIEST TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Cor. Bassitt and Putnam Sts.,
Frultvale, Cal.
Phone Ash 587.
W. E. RUDELL.
' Real Estate and Insurance.
Corner Frultvale ave. and Washington st
THE FOLLOWING PROPERTIES ARE A
FEW SPECIAL PArtGAINS:
$»S0— 'Cottage of 4 rooms, with city water
and sewer; 6 minutes' walk from Fruit-
. vale station; 1 block * from car line; 1
block from school; this property rents for
. $10 per month; as an investment this
looks Erood.
$1450 — Small chicken ranch; about 1 acre of
ground; h.ouje of 6 rooms; good water;
some fruit; close to car line; terms, part
cash.
THE ABOVE ARE 2 GOOD BARGAINS. I
ADVERTISE SPECIALS ON WEDNESDAYS.
Money to loan for building: purposes.
W. i E. RUDEI-L, Real Estate and Insurance
Corner Frultvale ave, and Washington st.
Frultvale, Cal.
OFFICE OPEN 8UNDAY8.
M. C. GIBSON. l«2fl FRUITVALE AVE.,
NEAR EAST FOURTEENTH 8T.
PHONE VALE 290.
OFFICE OPEN EVENING. S
$250 WILL buy the outfit of a 6-acre chicken
and fruit ranch which cost over $800; ranch
for rent Includes rood H-room house, barn,
2 wells and- windmill*; tanks with water
pipes; rents for $25 per month; or will trans-
fer a 2-year lease and use of outfit for $35
per month. •
Also the outfit of a 10-acre chicken ranch,
with stock and fowls, at ITpper Frultvale.
.t. W. WILBUR & CO..
*„;¦•>*.- Dlmood. Alameda Co., Cal.
• BPECIAL
FOP. THIRTY DATS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 8- cent fare. Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;'
depot on tract; lots from $60 to $200; $20 cash
and balanoe $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train: b*st located property on 8an Leandro
road; graded school on tract Apply to 8. S
AUSTIN. 1101 - Twenty- third . ave.. Oakland.
$24CO BUYS a flne <J-room house, with 3 large
lots: hen houses.: 28 tws In bearing; nic«»
place for chickens; flne water: a great trade
I have places from $2000 to $9000. M." H.
KENI8TON, cor. Hopkins ' and Feralta ave
- Dlroond P. O. ;
86x145 IRREGULAR lot. close In... 1.. $300
•30x145; &¦ minutes' walk to local,. .-;... $800-
136x145; 2 blocks from 'Postofflee $1300
100 bargains In the Real Estate Index. Send
for It; It's free. JUD3.QN & CO., Frultvale.
"A ' SNAP for' cash— 200 acres (unincumbered)
'¦¦• nnust '¦ land Northern 'Cal., or exchange for
Oakland, • Berkeley or S.F. residence proper-
ty. ; OWNER, 875 3Tth st. Oakland.
FOR sale— $2760; it cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot 40x150. Apply
to E. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third »ye..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVEBT ; S'M ? TS
OAgLAlTD REAL ESTATB.
TAYLOR BROS. A CO..
REAL ESTATE. INSURANCE AMD
,.«. „ FINANCIAL AGENTS.
1236 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
Teleuhone Cedar SSI.
COTTAGE CENTRALLY LOCATED.
$24CO— Six large rooms; lot 33x127 feet; close
to Adeline- station, on Chestnut it;
. will pay $300 rent per annum; cost for-
mer owner $5500. Owner's buslnen
transferred, thereby necessitating imme-
diate sale.
PERALTA HEIGHTS HOME.
$3750 buys this beautiful 7-room colonial
home; erery possible modern conven-
ience; southeast frontage; lot terraced
about 3 feet; surrounded by an elegant
class of homes; only 5 minutes to 12th
and Broadway and 40 minutes by the
new 4th avenue Key Route train to San
Francisco; bouse Just being completed:
any slight changes desired could now
be made to suit purchaser. This is in-
deed a bancalru
¦
BROADWAY INVESTMENT.
$12.000— Corner on Broadway. 50x75 feet, with
a good brick building on it; necessity
compels the owner to immediately dis-
pose of the property. Offer wanted. We
respectfully invite investigation, aa th«
L . \ location and price will be a surprise
that no one should overlook.
.,, FLATS OR APARTMENT SITE. -
$11,000— 125 feet on Madison st: corner; with
large 12-room residence, which can ba
moved to one side at a cost of $300.
bid for which we already have, leaving
j 5x100 feet on the corner for bulldlns
purposes. The vacant ground alono
should sell for the price asked for th»
entire property. Adverse financial con-
ditions necessity immediate sacrifice of
this prcperty. Only a small amount of
cash necessary, aj the present mort-
»age Is about equal to the price asked.
TOUARE IS THE MARKET FOR
PROPERTIES OF ANY CHARACTER IN
OAKLAND OR ALAMEDA COUNTY KIND-
LY MAKE YOUR WISHES KNOWN TO US.
WHERE COURTEOUS SALESMEN AND
yREECONVEYANCE WILL BB AT TOUli
Office «pen Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
TAYLOR BR03. & CO. '
KARL. H. NICKEL.
Rooms 62 and 63. Bacon buildinx.
S3C0— Or $12 eer foot for lot on north side
of street: within three block* of Key
Root* station: one far* to San, Fran-
cisco; will build on these lots on the In-
stallment plan; best and cheapen lota
for San Francisco mechanics.
10
KARL H. NTCKEL.
$12 50 per foot less than prevaillas tnarket
prices for a flne corner lot on the
heights: one block to car line; sur-
rounded by handsome residences; sacri-
ficed In order to obtain cash for use in
business; offered at this price for short
time only; If you don't want to use It to
build, buy It for a speculation.
KARL H. NICKEL.
Four acres with substantial Improvement* on
elevation overlooking bay and hills; an
Ideal home for man with large family
or one desiring a country home; off ere J
at half Its value.
93
KARL H. NICKEL.
$4000 — Beautiful house of 7 rooms; new: lot
40-ft. front; within four blocks of Tele-
graph-ave. Key Route station.
25
KARL H. NICKEL.
$2200— Lot 125x156, with small cottage, shed
and chicken coops, fruit trees, shrub-
bery and flowers; In Frultvale.
. Rooms 62 and 63, Bacon building.
KARL H. NICKEL.
E. 3. STEWART A CO..
100S BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$1600— $200 down and balance like rent will
put you In possession of a nice 5-room
cottage; bath; large b&sement; sunny side
of street; close to cars and trains.
$2200 — A new cottage situated on Piedmont
hills: slightly elevated lot; sunny side of
street: 5 large rooms; large lot; near
Key route; latest improvements and ia
a pickup at this price.
$2100 — A bargain; one of the swellest bungalow
cottages In Oakland; within a few min-
ntrs' walk of Key route or street car; 5
large rooms; hath; north side of street:
lot 40x120 feet: street work all done;
cement walks; can be bought on easy
terms.
$3200 — A chance for a beautiful home on
34th st.: right near Grove; 9 large rooms,
double parlors and dining-room; stationary
tubs; porcelain bath; lot 50x100 feet; with
barn, berry bushes and conservatory; thia
i? an ideal home; sickness causes owner to
sacrifice.
E. J. STIBWAitT & CO..
1C0S Broadway, Oakland.
$1850 Snap.
JI.S50 Snap.
$1850 Snap.
$1350 Snap.
$1850 Snap.
Modern 5-room high basement eottas<* on 2V,
foot let — between Grove street and Sam Pablo
avenue.
Always rented.
Fine Investment
• - A Decided Bargain.
HOLCOMB.
314 San Pablo Ave..
Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$2400 — Reduced from $2900; owner and
builder financially embarrassed; must sell:
cottage of 5 rooms, bath: all modern con-
veniences, with 9-foot basement, constructed
so as to w made into a flat ot B roomj
more; lot largo and sunny; right near Key
1 Route station at Fortieth and 8an Pablo:
j only 27 minutes to San Francisco; terms, 35i»
cash, balance mortgage at low rate of In-
terest. Remember, the house Is new, mod-
ern; first class. First come first served.
J B. MYERS. 1003 Broadway. Oakland.
*
$3830— REDUCED from $4300 for a qalck sale;
house is new; colonial; 7 rooms and hath:
open plumbing; combination gas fixtures;
paneled dining room; in fact a thoroughly
substantial up-to-date handsome residence;
lot 50x125. with a terraced lawn; 80-foot
street; first-class neighborhood, near Tele-
graph avenue and convenient to Key Route
station; less than 80 minutes to San Fran-
cisco; space too expensive to say more; to
see It means to buy It; terms. $500 cash; bal-
ance, mortgage.
*J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland I
LOTS within walking distance of Key route
ferry electric train; only a few Installment
lots now on hand; first come, first xerved:
terms, $100 cash, balance on time, with, prH -
« liege of paying In *full at any ttma. Ad-
dress RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY. Key
route station. Fortieth st. and Telegraph
ave.. Central Oakland.
AN exchange for East Oakland property or
will sell for $4750; this Is a fr-room resi-
dence, with modern conveniences: large lot
70x135; abundant shrubbery and flowers;
only a short walk to Center st. station;
must be seen tr> be appreciated. RICHARD
J. MONTGOMERY. Key route station. For-
tieth st. and Telegraph ave.. Central Oak-
land^
$2300 — 6-ROOM house, close to center ef elty;
nice neighborhood; bank sale for mortgage.
$1750 — 6-room houw: lot 33x120; well and
windmill; near- Key route on 34th st.
$1300— 6 room's and bath: street work all done;
1 block to Key route station.
10 rooms and bath; lot 50x100; Key route.
near Grove st
C. E- REED. 468 El*v«nth st
, Phone Red 6891.
$1000 C\SH. balance $20 monthly: 6-room
Eastlake. tH-story cottage; mbi< youns &«**•
trees-' good well of Al water, also elty
water;' 8 lota fenced: 100x200; two front,
ages; deep, sandy, loam soil; away from
fogs and cold winds: over 200 homes gone
up In three years; near street cars and two
flne school houses: an ideal site' for a hom«:
call and see it: you will nee a delightful
spot Call or send for circular. 453 Seventh
st odd. Broadway station, Oakland. Car-
rlage free. H. Z. JONES.
PROPERTT WANTED— VACANT AND IM-
PROVED. IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING
YOU WANT TO SELL. 8END ME FUL1*
II^P^lH^IT^g- T^P-TO^TT^
BUYEB FORH-. HAISMJTH
834 THIRTEENTH STREET.
THREE small flats; Twenty-second St.. near
San Pablo avenue; $2(l(ifl; mike offer; rented
$2>>: must sell quick. 802 S*r#nklln st.
HOUSE 7 rooms and bath, high basement. I
block from S. P. and 4 blocks from Key
route ; lot 55x135. 006 Sixty-first »t
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page 44,
BERE^LEYADVEBT^^NTS
BERKELEY REAL B8TATHL
Branch Office of
VS. M. DODGE & BON
of Oakland.
2131 CENTER ST., BERKELEY.
We have opened thia branch of our Oakland
office for the sale of a special list of Berke-
ley properties for which we are EXCLUSIVE
AGENTS.
BUILDING LOTS
At Dwight Way Station. Berkeley.
EASY TERMS, prices $800, $900 tt $1000 EACH
See these lots to-day; j our signs are ON
THEM. Located on Shattuck ave., Fulton and
Ellsworth and Ward and Derby sts., where
these streets cross. Lots 44 feet or 00 feet
frontage on north or south, east or west sides
of above streets. ' -
CALL OR WRITE FOR MAP OF TRACT.
$650 will buy a finepunny lot on Deakln st,
near Wool gey; 45x125; cheapest lot of-
fered In this locality.
$600 per acre— 15% acres In North Berkeley.
$1000 for Shattuck avenue corner that will be
suitable for business purposes soon; 40
feet frontage; near Dwight way station.
Branch Office* of S. M. DODGE & SON of
? ¦ • Oakland, -
2131 CENTER STREET,
. Or th« Oakland Office, 1160 BROADWAY.
See Chronicle ad for additional list.
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY.
$3250— New 2-story colonial house; 8 good
rooms, bath.- etc. ; dining-room and library
paneled and finely finished In hard -woods,
. with maple and myrtle: gas and elec-
. trie lights ; street work done: cement
walks laid; nicely located on main ave-
nue, 1 minute from Aahby station; small
each payment, balance Hike rent, (1926)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station, 8outh Berkeley, i
Opeu Sundays. Carriage In attendance.
$1250— Nearly new cottage; 6 rooms, bath,
patent toilet: brick chimney a*d founda-
tion; lot 30x110; cash $250* and easy
monthly payments. ' — (1924)
$1500 — 1 ',6-story house; 6 rooms, bath, etc.:,
well, windmill and tank; lot 40x133; street i
wcrk done; cash $,$00, $20 monthly. (104S)
$2£>00-*Nearly new cottage; 0 room< bath, etc.;
high basement; electric light; lot 33x135;
1 minute from station: easy termis, (1938)
$2750 — New V/j- story cottage; 6 rooms, bath,
etc., 2 toilets*; lot 40xl3G; all street work :
and walks dene; near Dwight way; easy |
tarms. , (1939)
$3S00 — Modern 2-*tory colonial house; 7 flne
rooms, hall, bath, etc.; up-to-date
: . throughout; well located corner on Tele-
graph ave. , . (1941)
H. D. IRWIN. South Berkeley.
Carriages in attendance. Open . Sundays.
SNAP — Almost new 5-room eottag-e, bath, pan-
try, mantel, city water, all fenced and cross-
fenced; lot 50xl0o; price $15OO; terms $150
cash, balance $18 monthly; two blocks to
electric cars and station.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin
Station, South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — Five-room cottage, bath, pantry,
stationary tubs, good well water, also city
water, stable, chicken-house, pigeon-house
and fenced and cross-fenced; lot 50x125; price
$1500; terms ?15O cash, balance $!(> monthly.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH, Loriu
Station, South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — New 5-room cottaze. bath, pantry,
gas and electrio lights, pretty mantel, China
closet, tinted walls, stationary tuba, street
work done: larxe lot; two blocks to Key
Route; price $2400; terms small cash pay-
ments, balance same as rent.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin
Station, South Berkeley. ¦
ONCE in a lifetime cottage, 6 rooms and bath,
city water, pantry, China closet, brick foun-
dation, high basement, stationary tubs,
chicken-house, fruit tree*, flower garden;
lot 150x135; street work and sidewalk done;
price X2300; \ terms $100 cash, balance $25
monthly.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin
Station, South Berkeley..
i '~~- ALBEE & CORYELL,
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN KEAL ESTATE.
$1,100, 51250 and S1500— Several large lots
centrally located; excellent view; near
electric cars; Berry-Bangs Tract. '
$600 to $900 — Several very desirable lots
with flne view; Hopkins' Terrace Tract. ,
$1,500— Beautiful lot. oor. .Warring, Channlng
and Piedmont ave.: 5Uxl50; best view
¦ - of bay and hills; a real bargain.
$1,800— 5-room house; large barn, windmill;
- lot r>Oxl35; east of Shattuck, near
Dwtzht way station; a snap; easy
terms. ¦ - . .- •
$4,500— New house, 8 rooms; south frontage;
near Key Route. - '.-... '¦• < ¦'"
Best business corner in Berkeley; we have It
for a few days at $300 a front foot;
¦»tood building on... same 'will ' pay 10"per
cent net on investment. .
$14,000 — Fine business property: centrally 'lo-
cated; paying good dividends; will In-
crease tn value. .
Other business property, many residences
and residence lots, well located, at reasonable
prioee. We are always pleased, to show prop-
erty, and are at your service by appolntm«nt
or otherwise. ¦
ALBEE & CORYELL. 2139 CENTER ST.
"Z " HOMES AT BARGAINS. .
$5000 — Home at a bargain; large 8. room house,
, almost new, on Benvenue ave., :>«ar
Dwight way; lot 50x160; beautiful lawn
and flowers now erowine;.
$3000— 8-room house, within one block of the
• College ave. car line; street work done.
$3100 — Must sell;- 6-room cottage; Oxford st.,
between Virre* and Rose; lot 40x135; near
station,
$3200 — 6-room house- (new); lot 45x137; four
blocks from Berkeley station: $500 cash,
. balance easy.
R. A. BERRY * JCO.,
guccesKor to Ch«ney . & Berry.
P. O.#Block. Berkeley Btatlon.
Real Estate and Insurance. Notary Public.
WHY pay rent 7 We will, build you an elab-
orate house or * modest cut t acre on easy
terms, same as rent; tell us what you want
and we will submit plans.
Bargains in improved and unimproved prop-
erty In -all parts of Berkeley; lots In the
San Pablo Villa Tract $300, one block from
station and electric cars; Just the placo for
a coay pottage.
H.EDBMARK & JACK CO.,
3217 Adeline at, So. Berkeley.
City office 11 Monteomery st.
$600 EACH — 2 flne lots In good high location:
flne view.
$800 — Fine let 50x136. on Grove St., near
Vine: must be sold at once.
$1100 buys a beautiful corner lot In North
Berkeley: «tre«t work done.
$1000— Good Wt. 60x185, oa Arcb «t, near
!¦ »>dar. ¦ . . . •
$2000 — Nice 5-room home one block from Shat-
tuck; good lot.
$2750 — Brand new 6-room house; five minutes
from station.
See us this week for some excellent bar-
gains in lots. - : -
NEWTON & NEEDHAM.
2131 Center st. -
¦ .
$8500 — INCOME property netting 12 per cent;
one block from university , grounds on the
south.
' Will exchange for Berkeley unimproved prop-
erty, a beautiful ' home In Fruitvale; 8-room
house and servants' lodge; lot 76x160; one block
from cars. -. •
MILLS, the Real Estate Man,
HOPKINS TERRACE. ~~
Situated on the hills at North Berkeley;
reached by electric, car. line; 850 feet above the
bay; beautiful view*. The cheapest choice
property <n Alameda County, Maps and other
information can b« had from •¦-,-, .
' JOS, J. MASON,
Cor. Shattuck and Center it, Berkeley, *
Or 421 California st, 8. F,
$1200— FINE corner on Aahby ave., near cai
lines and trains; street work all done.
$1000 — Fine lot on W,ebster st :„-. = >
$700 — Fine corner on Fairvlew st.
LITTLB & WOOLSBY.
¦ ¦¦'-./.:£ 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
-43500— ¦ " '¦¦ ¦"¦
A CHOICE home on Delaware st, Berkeley; 9
rooms and bath: lot 40x135; new and modern:
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty. .¦.•¦.¦¦-"•• ¦: . ¦ • ¦
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO.. (Ino,!.
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st, .
Oakland. <:vr
$3150 — NEW, modern, 7-room house; J5 min-
utes from North Berkeley station; high
ground: flne view. R. -A. BERRY & CO.,
Postofflce block, Berkeley.
, A BARGAIN. ~*
Large lot. 60x135; .price $470; near North
Berkeley station.^ p hale ,
1511 Shattuck ave. 2515 Shattuck ¦ ave.
Phone Mason 219S. Phone Derby 1022.
-'. ¦.••-¦!. '¦¦-• ¦': ¦" . A - SNAP! ¦'".'¦ - :¦¦,-¦¦ •¦¦ / : .
New 2-story. 6-room house; within one block
of station, 2 blocks of cars; lot 40x115; street
work complete; price $3000; $400 cash, balance
$17 50. per month: less than rent . .^
' MORAN & S^ IN ' B^gter Station.
GRAND I opportunity; city and ! country : life
combined; new 7-room house, all modern im-
provements: 15 , minutes', walk* from North
" Berkeley station: high ground, -.fine ..view,
.cheap- R. • A. .BERRY & CO.. Postoffice
block, " Berkeley, ,',, . - • . \ ¦:
9 ROOMS; modern; lot 40x75; fine location m
¦ South ¦ Berkeley; 4 blocks from Key route;
$2600; $200 cash, balance like. rent.
":,--,.-/:¦ - W. N.--RU.SSELLV-. •
301 California st. San Francisco, /Cal.
BEAX ESTATE— COtTBTTBY— Tor Sale.
£25.000— INCOME $6000; Merced County;
122 8-10' acres; SO acres peach and grapes; 6
acres alfalfa: 17 acres grain; 105 acres un-
der Irrigation; modern 10-room house, with
gas aad all conveniences: new large barn;
sulphur and fruit houses and all equip-
ments of a well ordered orchard; live stock,
poultry, farm Implements, etc.. included;
house on gentle elope, commanding magnifi-
cent views; one mile from town, R. R. sta-
tion and school.
LYON &. HOAO, COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
116 - Montgomery 8t.
$4500 — FOR eale or exchange for Ban Francisco
residence property or vacant lota, a corner
lot 50x85 ft In the city of Healdsburg,
Cal.. with store building, 30x40 ft. and a
complete stock of groceries (Invoice $1200),
horse, harness and delivery wagon; a new
7-room residence, furnished complete with
common furniture. Including a $300 piano;
value of all, $4500: will clear It, or $700 can
remain on, property for 1 year at 8 per cent
Addresj box 102, Healdsburg, Sonoma Co.,
Cal. - .¦.(•;• •
A BEAUTIFUL home In the Mendocino Moun-
tains overlooking the whole Ukiah Valley
that will pay large Interest on purchase
price; only 3 miles from R. R. station; prop-
erty consists of 2S0 acres timber and range
land. 36 acres of which are In full bearing
fruit trees, nuts and berries, which are
watered by large living springs; plenty of
water; will net $1500 this year and Is getting
better all the time; price $7000; half cash,
balance on easy t*rms. For full particulars
write POAGE & WOODWARD. Uklah. Cal.
! A SNAP for caBh; 200 acres of the finest land
I In Northern California. ALEX. MURDOCK.
875 Thirty-seventh St.. Oakland.
ME 171. 0 PABX EEAL ESTATE.
j MENLO PARK— As pioneer specialist In prop-
erty from San Mateo to Menlo Park, and
about the Stanford University, my knowl-
edge of what constitutes proper prices may be
presumed to be fairly good, to eay the least.
To Intending purchasers I now say that
equal value for $1000 has not been offered
In villa sites In this vicinity since the found-
Ing of the Stanford University.
And now PLEASE NOTE: I am directed
by the owner to change twelve beautiful
foothill villa eltes into cash, and In order
to do so quickly to offer them for $1000 each,
first come first served. Some are well wood-
ed with beautiful oaks, and all have water.-
piped through a 6-inch main. All are less
than two miles from Menlo and less than
two and a half miles from the university.
To those without the full amount on hand,
the local banks will loan 2-3 of the purchase
price. Address EDGAR C. HUMPHREY. 707
Call building, or Palo Alto. :
HAYWABDS BBAL ESTATE.
6TANTON Tract $150 to $350 per acre; tracts
from 8 acres to S>0 acres.
$0500 — 10 acres flne soil; house of 7 rooms;
barn; tank house and mill; chicken houses and
yards: 4 acres alfalfa; close to railroad and
echool.
$5000 — 10 acres: house of 5 rooms; bam:
chicken houses and yards; tank house, mill;
plenty good water; 7 acres In variety fruit and
berries; 3 acres alfalfa; close to R. R. and
school.
$3200 — Good ranch, 60 acres; some improve-
ments; incubators, brooder houses and all
farming utensils, including horses, gro with
place; 4 miles from Haywards.
Variety of fine chicken ranches, from $1200
up.
RAMAOE & STANTON. Real Estate and In-
surance, Haywards, Cal.
JSABT^MAjCgO^BgAI, __ESTATE. _
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo eleotrls
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fos belt and Just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff" will Join
the main line; tO-foot lots from $400 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes in front of every lot; pure
artesian wetl water; 175 lots sold since
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot In this desirable section; take the
electric cars and get off at "LOMITA
PARK" and investigate; maps sent on ap-
plication.
6ELBY. RODGERS & CO.,
Tel. Main C73. 116 California st
FOUR large lot* In San Mateo. near depot,
$350 each. Box 4C9S. Call.
EMEBYYII1I.E BEAIi ESTATE.
$4000— LOT, 100x100; 2 cottages, 4 rooms each,
basement; bargain.
$1600 — New cottage of 4 rooms, basement.
$65« — Lot 48x100; railroad station.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market St.. S. F.
SAN EAFAEL BEAIi ESTATE.
AN acre home In San Rafael, 10-room resl-
Uence. $3100. W. B. EASTIN, 408 California.
P ARSIS AND BAJffCKES TO LEASE.
2<> ACRES; house 6 rooms, furnished; barn;
stable; chicken houses: for a term of years-
cheap. JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market 6. F.
HE All ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
TWO stock ranches to exchange for San Fran-
cisco or Oakland property; one of 320 and one
of 1UO0 acres. P. C LASSEN CO.. 466 Tenth
St.. Oakland. Cat
FOR txchar.ee — 160 acres clear, level, culti-
vated land in Kr«-»n<> County at one half ac-
tual value, for Oakland or S. F. unimproved
lots. C. F. MOORE, 827 Market St.. r. 309.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. property
for ranches J. H. EDSON, 14-*fi bacon
b!ork. Oakland.
ZSAL ESTATE WAHTBfl.
I HAVE $20,000 to invest in vacant lots in the
Richmond District; will take It in small lots
or take a larger lot If price is right; no
agents. Address box 4C54, Call office.
PBOFEBTT WASTES.
WANTED — A ranch of about 10 acres; must
be cheap and ne&r railroad station; state
terras ar.d price when answering. Box 4756,
Call office.
WANTED— Lots ia Richmond District, be-
t*e*n lCth and 21st avvs; owners only. C.
F. MOORE. 027 Market St., room 309.
LOCATION close to railroad for manufactur-
ing concern; muit contain 20,000 square feet.
Box 4771. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTWTS
ALAMEDA SEAL ESTATE;
DO YOU WANT A HOME IN ALAMEDA?
DO l'OU NEED A NICE BUILDING LOT?
DO YOU WANT TO SAVE 10 PER CENT?
IF YOU DO. call and see our bargains. We
buy cheap, we sell cheap and on easy terms;
call and view the properties; we are offering
the best and cheapest ever offered.
A Few of Our Bargains.
?750— Fitie lot; SOxlKf; worth »1200; a snap.
flZV — Fine lot; 50x117; very cheap.
fWX) — Fite lot; 50x101; corner cost $1700.
¦ J1200 buys fine 4-room cottage; lot 25x150.
$15U0 buys fine 5-room cottage; 40x125.
$lfe00 buys hne cottage; 4 rooms and bath;
lot o3xl5U; fruit and flowers.
Specials — Specials — Specials.
See cur beautiful 6-room cottage (new), with
all latest improvements; perfect in arrange-
m«.-nt; together with lot, only $2250.
$2500 buys lew 5-room colonial cottage; cor-
ner lot.
$2450 buys eUgant new 6-room cottage; lot
00x208.
$2760 buys new ft-room lH-story house; lot
30x'^0S.
*35ot> buys elezant 6-room colonial house;
large lot.
Nothing like it in Alameda at pripe. Homes
at all STices: easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
T«*l. Alameda 4iK>. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY. ;>
A HOUSE FOR EVERYBODY. ? f< t
Thirty lota from Sit) to $10 per front foot;
five minutes from Flfth-et. station; $50 down,
balance easy , terms.
Homes from $1000 up, on terms; must be
eeen to b« appreciated.
FOR EXCHANGE.
/ A fine 7-room house, modern, for San Fran-
Cisco property.
Modern 5-room cottage; lot 35x132; between
stations on narrow and broad gauge; $2100;
only one-flfth cash, balance on terms.
New 6-room cottage; lot 37x100; flne garden;
?lti0o; one-fifth cash, balance on terms.
One-story and • basement cottage; upper fiat
pays Investment '
A. R. DEN KE. WOO Webster et. Alameda,
m qr
C. A. POMEROY, II Montgomery st, San
Francisco.
IF you want something extra nice on the fin-
est N W. corner at the west end, come and
Gee us; 10 rooms; Queen Anne house; hot
and cold water upstair* and down; gas and
electricity; fine bath; double parlors; large
hall and oak stairway; grate and mantel;
larse attic and basement; - stable; lawn;
trees and flowwt; $7500. >
HAWKS & MEHRTENS,
1000 7th st., cor. Railroad ave., Alameda.
HOUSH on Central ave., 7 rooms,' nearly new,
$2000.
4-room house near Chestnut Bt, $1500.
-House on Lafayette st, flne investment,
$1300. \
2-room flats; rents for $19; only $1200. •
GEO. L. LEWIS, 1518 Park st
OAKLAND ADVEBT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKIAND BEAI. ESTATE. i
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4G0-4C2 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
PIEDMONT VILLA SITES.
A superb property. Just being offered; 4 lots,
¦ .-, 100x200 each; In same block are four
$20,000 to $40,000 homes; another mag-
nificent residence soon to be constructed:
a view of and from this property will
convince you..
A BPECIAL BARGAIN.
$8,000— Held at $10,000 5 years ago; San Pablo
ave. business corner; 13tfx209, with
double frontage; subdivide Into eight
.'it-foot lots; in rapidly growing business
. section, with all trade facilities; Investi-
gate this. ¦ ,\ .;-,
* A CHEAP LOT CHEAP.
Fine 60-foot lot on West st, near 40th; Key
route ferry line; only $600; see it.
CHICKEN RANCH. DAIRY or SPECULATION
$3,650 — Nearly 4 acres: fronting San Leandro
road; modem building; store and &-room
Oat; insured $2500; subdivide 36 lots;
•n»p. "--i.:
COTTAGE CHANCE.
$1,750— Neat bay window cottage: 4 large
rooms; baih: basement; 40x134: street
work complete; near Key rout« and S. P.
stations; bargain. -¦ —
RESIDENCE^.
$12,500— Magnificent home In heart of city; 12
rooms; In same block with three $20,000
hom»s and only 600 feet from business
center: the choicest close-in residence
property, with business future. In Oak-
land.
$7,000— Splendid Lakeside residence; 10 rooms :
4 mantels; furnace; double parlors ; 5
bedrooms; attic; basement; 50x150; deco-
rative plants; 4 blocks to 14th. and
Broadway. . -. ,
$8,000— Beautiful 2-story. 7 rooms; 4 bed-
rooms; hardwood floor; steam heater; .
shrubbery; 60x125; charming elevation;
sunny exposure; near Linda Vista.
$5,500— Fine modern colonial, 8 rooms; strictly
up-to-date; fully furnished with hlgn-
grade appointments; north side; 50x100;
choice location; convenient to Key
route; near Grove st.
$0,000— Pair new modern flats; 5 rooms ana
bath; rents $50; near 27th and Telegraph.
$4,500— Sj-lendid Telegraph-ave. residence; 8
. rooms; choicest location; close In; $3100
mortgage.
$3,300 — Pair new corner flats; 6 rooms; rent
' $35; near local station; $1000 cash.
$3,500— Modern 2-story, 8 rooms and bath;
near Market-st. station; north of itn st;
$500 cash, balance to suit.
$3,500 — Modern colonial, « rooms ana batn:
rich finish; curly redwood; 33xlOO;
sunny exposure; near 3Bth and Market
and Key route. «
$2,600— Modern shingled bungalow; 6 rooms;
porcelain bath; basement; combination
fixtures; basement; driveway; 37:8x120;
near West st '
$2 100 — Modern house. 8 rooms and bath; laun-
Mdry basement; SOxlCO; street work com-
plete; 4 blocks to Santa. Fe depot; gen-
uine suap. .
$1,400 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms: 2 toilets; street
compute; 25x133; near Key route.
$1,150— N«at cottage. 5 rooms and bath; rent
*12: convenient to R. R- yards: cheap.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 8th 3t ¦
FAR SALE-
OAKLAND.
Piedmont. OPPOSITE
Piedmont. THE GOLDEN GATE.
Piedmont.
Piedmont.
ELEVATION 380 FEET.
Piedmont. ¦
35 MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
Piedmont. ¦ ¦
Piedmont. ¦
PIBDMONT IS SITUATED ON
THE HIGH GROUND IN OAKLAND.
Protected from the winds. Above the fog.
Atmosphere clear, bracing and dry.
An Ideal spot for those troubled with colds
or weak throat. •"
15 minutes from center of Oakland; street
cars evrry ten minutes.
35 minutes from San Francisco. Key Route
ferry trains every 20 minutes.
Convenient for business men having Inter-
ests In San Francisco.
Piedmont commands CO miles panorama of
San Francisco Harbor, the bay, Its Islands,
the mountains and Golden Gate.
?25 to $40 per front foot, any frontage;
depth from 125 to $200 feet
The moat beautiful and conveniently sit-
uated residential subuib on th« Pacific Coast.
Houses built on payment of 20 per cent of
totat coat of house and lot, balance monthly
*%3dress THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
1213 Broadway, Oakland.
14 8ansome st, San Francisco.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Ine.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$4500 — A flna large bouse of nine rooms, bath,
every convenience; cost tbis price to build;
located f-n Linden «t. near Fourteenth;
this Is ths cheapest property ever put on
the market; close to trains; rents for $40
per month. /
13500— FORCED SALE. ' $3500.
Reduced from ?.'5S5O to make quick sale:
lot 5Oxll5: house worth $2350 for $2000;
7 larte rooms finished In modern stylo;
this ulace MUST BB SOLD.
, 142
$33JO— Elarant taomb on Thlrty-sevunth st.
fGrant ave.). containlnc l» large modern ]
finished rooms: 3 bed room* and servants' ¦
room on second floor; parlor, library, one i
bedroam. dining-room and kitchen on low.
er floor: lot 42:6x115, leaving room for |
driveway; Just four minutes' walk to Key
Route; property in this section increasing
In value rapidly.
$1000 Cash, balance same a* rent; the coziest
little house built tbis year now ready;
reception hall, parlor, dining-room, nice
sideboard and mantel, library den with
seats, book cases, etc.; tinting effects
that are pleasing: kitchen, pantry, etc.;
3 fin» bed rooms. 3 closets, bathroom with
up-to-date fixtures: lot 87 feet front;
fencing, walks and lawn complete; easy
walk to crQKstown Key Route trains: 35
minutes, to San Francisco; In Linda Vista
district; see It; keys at office.
beautiful" buildino bite.
$1200 — Lot 40x140, on north nine Euclid ave.,
near Adams st. ; situated on BIS. slope:
- commanding unsurpassed view of bay and
hill*; i» an Ideal soot for a little home;
best neighborhood.
• 1122— —
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT, Ino,
ICtJf" BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
FRANK V) LEE,
Oil BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$2500— $800 each: 2- story corner house. 8 rooms
and bath : Chestnut st. : bargain.
$700— Buys two lets in South Berkeley; 90x100
feet; street work done.
BARGAIN.
$3850— Buys a beautiful 12-room house with
two baths, pull shed floors, fine shade treea
in the heart of Oakland; select neighbor,
hood.
$2500— Buy* house of six rooms and bath; Just
finished; lot 40x100; $500 down, or will
rent for $20 per month; located at Golden
***" MANSION WITH
Whole block. 300x300. overlooking- Laks Mer-
ritt: magnificent view of four counties:
there are walks and drives, spacious
lawns, ornamental trees,' marble fountain,
finest whole block In Oakland; price $30.-
. 000, ¦'.- :;-,'."
$27 60 per month for rent of 8 rooms and
bath; newly papered aad painted: In the
heart of Oakland; select neighborhood.
Furnished flat— lower— 51S.
For sale — Half Interest In the best grocery
business in Oakland; price $4000.
Cents' Furnishing and Clothing Business.
Firm- Class (large) Dry Goods Business.
Partner with $20,000 for dry goods business.
A business In which $500 to $1000 Invested
will Day 10 cer cent per month.
We will sell your business.
We will sell your real estate.
We will rent your house.
For quick returns list with us. 3 J
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
Successor to FRANK P. LEE.
- 911 Broadway. Oakland. I
i i
6 ROOMS: modern; lot 30x100; In Piedmont; 3
blocks from Key route; fine neighborhood;
$1000; $100 cash, balance like rent.
Nice modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt: close to new street car extension,
which will enhance value; 7 rooms;. lot 55x232;
$3150; $200 cash, balance like rent. '
0 rooms; modern; lot 60x100. lying high, with
cement retatnlng wall; In East Oakland; neai
new Key route service; $3500; $300 cash, bal-
ance l'ke rent.
Mansion in East Oakland: 14 rooms; 6 lots;
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
$6500; easy terms.
1 W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California st. San Francisco, Cal.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
.We have bsen exclusively authorized to sell
on easy .t*rms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under f or*c.lpsure of mortgage. .
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If yoa want
a bargain call or write \tm for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1062 Broadway. .
BEAX ESTATE — CITT— FOB SAXE.
fOilE MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK. -
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choloeet lota, Excelsior Homestead Tract;
level as a billiard table; on. grade; close to
fine school and MIi«sion-st electric cars;
bound to double In value.
$10 per month, no taxes, flne lots, near
Ocean Boulevard: best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas.
26 Montgomery rt.. r. 8. Phone Main B704.
FOR tal». 8 colonial bouses, 6 rocma, bath
and basement: beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: east side of Tenth ave., near
I gt. Sunset. Hallett A Gee, on premises.
FOUR level lota, cheap. Csean View. 1 block
NE. R. R. etatlon. Apply Sunday. 482 Eddy.
MODERN bathrooms flAed up; estimates.
Ahlbach & Mayer. Plumbers, K36 Howard st.
BEAI. ESTATE — COOTTTBT — For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLET.
euocessors to
/^,,«^ W ' J - WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
t ~~. EXCHANGES.
The town that has the "SNAP" to It: the
section that has the most fertile eoil In the
Ban Joaquin Valley; fine rcafis; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10 acre
Jots; only 2^4 miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards:
•ou rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep:
•chool ca the tract: $75 per acre. This will not
last over 30 daye; firat come, first served.
A *J<*&«£f land void for $125.
$12,000— Only 2 miles Sebastopol; electric
ears pass place; 100 acres, of which 15 are
B * e -ring' apples; all level, rich, sandy loam,
adapted to hops potatoes or corn: 2 good
fcousea, fin, barn, sheds, poultry-bouses and
outbuildings; complete set farming tools; horses
eajleattle with place.
»28OO— Close to rvuJurr.a, 1 mile station; 10
acres rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful eaks; modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
rood bam, poultry -houses, outhouses; horse,
eow, 6ft hena. buggy etc.; will add 1J acres
adjoining if derired; see this quick.
$10.000 — Close to Geyservllle; M acres rich
Xtuseian River bottom; great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard. 12 prunes. 23 acres fine alfalfa: large
»ew barn. We offer some of the finest farms
in the world tn this superb section; let us
drive. Trou around.
12500— Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family orchard; good
house and outbuilding*; well fenced; Investi-
gate this.
$4000— Close to Petaluma; 24 acres rich.
sandy loam in potatoes and asparagus: some
orchard and garden; fair 7-room house; out-
buildings; refused $9000 for 17 acres adjoining
r.ot so good; half cash.
I1S00— Close to' Sebastopol; 10 acres fine
land; 4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden;
6 acres young apples; half cash.
$500 down— 160 acres and use of 40 more; 2
tnlles cf postoffice; in Sonoma County; rolling
land; 8 acres vines; orchard; finely fenced;
building alone cost $2000: house 7 rooms; barn,
waj-on-shed. poultry-houses, yards; 1500 cords
wood; seme stock, furniture; price $2500.-
$400 down — tO-acre dairy and poultry ranch;
2 good dwellings; barn, poultry- houses. Incuba-
tor; 6 cows, 15 Angora goats, 2 horses, buggy;
tools; 10 tons of hay; only 1 mile of town; in*
veetigate cuick; $2000.
$SSOO — Only 1 mile of Bay wards: SI acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard: modern
bouse 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in county.
•acre cost $4000; fin* view; this Is the best buy
In the vicinity.
5C500 — Close to Callstoga; 80 acres; 45 level.
productive loam sell: well fenced and croes-
fenced; plenty flne water; flne prune orchard;
pood house, barn and outbuildings. We have
a large list of desirable homes In this locality.
Let us drive you around.
$2650— Nerth of Watsonville; €5 acres, 8 acres
full bearing apples, 9 in grain; fine berry
pa tea; 40 acres timber; flowing stream; 9-room
house: large barn and granary; water piped to
buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices In this
vicinity. See a few.
r,.v*i — 8 milee of Santa Rosa and near eta-
tSon; Russian River bottom; 25 acres: 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; pcultry
houses; •«• this, and if you want only part of
tt will sell unimproved portion at $100 per
*cre: if you want to raise corn that will make '
the Kansas article "side etep" see some of our i
home? on the Russian River.
tlT-iSO — 24 acres, near Watsonville; 200 apples;
C acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
train; 5-room cottage: barn, outbuildings.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sonoma
City; 9 acres fine grapes, 15 years old, balance
;<srs and assorted fruits; tbis season's crop
- esjqr $700: no buildings; forced sal? ; simply
make an offer.
$1500— All level, 10 acres. 2 miles of Calls- I
ic«a; small orchard; good bouse and barn; 2
wells; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modest!; 20 acres up;
half cash.
$50 u>-.r acre— Near Lodl, on the Woodbridge
canal.
$1200 — 10 acres in vine and fruit belt near j
I^<3!; jE«TiHy loam; 5-room house and barn. '
$2500 — Near Santa Cruz, 60 acres rich alluvial i
soil; $ acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres j
grain; balance timbered pasture; S-room house. !
barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list en the coast.
WHITE A BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
Prcperty Exchange a Specialty.
FOR farms, mock ranches, orchards and vlne-
ya.r<5 lands c&ll or s«nd for catalogues. Ro- '
thermel & Co.. £07 California st.
Several tracts of redwood timber lands;
ltf» to 10.000 or more acres.
$75 an acre — ISO acres tule vegetable land,
producing larfre crops potatoes, corn, beans,
«tc. ; rent for $* an acre; on way to Stockton.
Sl&w> — Improved ranch; 1U3 acret, with
good house, barn, orchard and vineyard ;
spring and cr**;lf water; plenty of wood; east
cf Ft Helena. Naj.a County.
t-2!A) — 13-acre fruit and poultry farm, with
I morn house and barn; all in orchard and
vineyard; neer Por.oma; a nice home. ;
$2500 — Level valley farm; 30 acres; near >
Santa, Rosa; with a house and barn.
$3000 — 5 acres; 1 mile from Fruitvale sta-
tion, with house and barn and fruit; very ,
cheap suburban home. '
$2750 — Nice home farm, near Haywards; 4 i
acres; all in fruit; modern cottage. 5 rooms f
and bath; barn and poultry t>heds; includes j
boPEe and buggy, all implements; call for
particulars. \
H.W— Nice improved farm, 40 acres, on i
Guadaloujje Creek, between San Jose and Los '
Gate?; house 6 rooms and barn; orchard and |
vineyard; include* horse, buggy, cow, poul-
trr »i".d imslements; make offer. j
$6300 — Spiendid farm: rich valley land;
half mile from Napa; 50 acres; nice- house
end barn and 25 a?res in paying orchard;
•ee this.
f 1 50 an acre only — 1S0O acres on Russian
River and at railroad station; In Mendocino I
County; several hundred acres level bottom j
tnd plateau land; rich soil for grain, alfalfa
and fruit; r»-st is hill, pasture and wood
land; nearly enough wood to pay for the
land.
f 15,500— Fine stock ranch: 3400 acres; <fn I
U:it» of railroad, north of Willits; with good !
buildings; several hundred acres farm land; I
running water a,nd thousands of tan oak and l
wood: mast sell to dose estate; terms about i
half rath. i
HOTHERMEL & CO.. S07 California Et '
FOIi SALE. ~
C6J00— 5% seres in the city limits of Pets-
lama: 4 acres fine orchard, all bearing; hard-
r.::l£» hou«« of 5 rooms, bath and pantry;
hot an4 cold water; high baeement; rln«
wiodmtU and tank; water piped alt ov«r
p!are; good barn; IS chicken-nous**, bxoou^i
er* and incubators; low chickens, i cow, l
h'.rw, bufST ar-d w&gun; 2 sets harness;
ail farming tools; sandy loam; beautiful !
view; no airenta. Address P. O. box 44ts, |
PetjJuma, Cai. .'".' ' ¦
$25 PER acr« — 320 acres of choice fruit oi
lable-grape land, suitable for subdivision-
Sacramento County. " \
$3<M- 10 acres of choice fruit or vine land; !
wcui<j also mak« an ideal poultry ranch; nicely f
locaied; rlo*e to school.
$::©<*> — tt> acre* of choice tahJe.grape land !
near the lovru ot Oall.
Orain MUM-hes from 4*> acres up to 1000 to
re*,t on tiharv*: \i of crop: Sacraaiento Ct>.
Addrore U» 15. Gait. OttL
FOR sale at a bargain if «iold at once 12%
. acre*, a little rolling. 5 mil^s from fountain
V:«.w. (i miles fruia Palo Alto; house I large j
rocm*; large barn. Ftalls for 20 horsee: two '
ttju-inct of fine water; all land can be ]
Pw.n-fced: K.iod tcr tr*ee. vitws. etc.; good plaeu I
for cbh kvnH. hag*, etc. Address O. E. BIGE-
LOT\ . iicur.Uiui View.
X"Vi— Seven acres of land tt Pleaaanton. Ala-
n.tdi C-JURty; tin in bearing fruit mostly
pruues; nc* ootu: B e 4 rooms; good barn, hen-
tiouM.-sj lor w) hens; ZU> hens now on hand-
fartnlns tods, fruit dryers go with the tlae-'
C. K. MArJSHALL. 1070 liroadway. Qaktoj:
6ALK or exchange for city property; sacrifice-
lii acret^ Kapa Co.; CO acres In cultivation :
fruit vines and grain; fully equipped and
wtj-.ng; beautiful place: gentleman' IT home !
KHAPBURNE. 405^Montgomery t° I
im0^-» ACKES. 6 crchardThouse. part furnT- 1
ture. « cows, mUk route, horse, wagon barns I
fa*y toote. c-hickens. water. Address' F. G
Los Gatos. CaL •
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS'
Scad postal for catalogues of the uit Ian*
bargains ia California. C. M. WOOSTER CO
Ci8 Market st CO -
UOOO chanc* to get a horn* in Alameda
Co.; only 12 acre»; in Loganberri** straw-
berries, etc Call or address X>r. TRL'KUav
:iOS Hearst buUdlnr, city. T~7 •
MENLO — 10 acres; grand view; noble oakn-
half price. Box 4530. Call.
25 ACRES. Improved. Alameda Ca. for sale or
exchange. MRS. MTRPHY. 436 Parrott bid.
A EIG psylng delicatessen to trade for email
BKHUJtaiA ranch rldnity Lake Co. HSi. Call.THE SAN -FRANGISCO CALIi^ SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
44
\j^^^ CHAWCES. ,
| FREE.
• • FREE.
' -FREE. •¦->.;-
A— $1000; half Interest in old established real
«state office: . Investigate; a rare chance.
R. U. WILKE. 2U% Kearny st.
- ¦ •
RESTAURANT and cafe close to Market and
Powell »ts.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business; best -class of,
patronage; owner encaged ln other bus! -
nets; must sacrifice. Se« R. G. WILKE.
'MU. Kearny st. ¦
A— $600; ROADHOUSE with 7 furnirtied rooms;
rent $20; 6 years' lease; very best location;
on San Matco road. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4
. Kearny st.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R.- G. WILKE. .26% Kearny St.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $125; lease; stock will in- |
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once;, rare chance. R. G.
WILKE; 2H\i Kearny ut. ; ¦¦ ,
A— $2000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building: place estab-
lished years; doing a first-Vlass business;
about $70 p«r day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE, _0V4 Kearny st.
A— $1350; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce store; I block from Palace Hotel;
daily receipts from $30 up; horse, wagon;
place clearing $200 per month. See R. O.
WILKE. 20Vfr Kearny st. . < ]
A— $900 — CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth »t., living rooms; rent $30; leasa;
a good paying place; bargain. - Se« R. G.
"W1LKE. 20 H Kearny st.
A— $l. r '00— Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness la known for 23 years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny «t.
A— $1600: CORNER cigar stand on Ellis St.;
leace; a good paying place: location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N. Y. ; a sacri- ¦
flee. Sea R. Q. WILKE. 2C»<. Kearny at.
A— $6500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
corner: rent $30; best location; business pay-
ing well. R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market St.: net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
ln eight. See R, Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 block-
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $800; CORNER saloon: rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ___________
A— $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acre*
of land; h6use of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2650: HOTEL of 30 rooms: rent $100; lease:
with flrst-claas paying saloon ln manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 2tt% Kearny at.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; cloie to depot; ln lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2C%
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $23;
daly receipts about $20: best location north of
Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. .6% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about J2S00; a well established and
flrst-claes paying business. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phona Folsom 1846.
A grocery and bar. located on busy street;
large stock and good fixtures; Al trade; 3
nlco living rooms; bargain for $850. See
BROOKBANK.
$150 buys. br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and
milk depot; 3 nice furn. rooms: cheap rent;
a bargain. See BROOKBANK. 917 Market.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober. Industrious man who
can Invest $300 and services; he will give In-
terest ln business clewing $200 per mo.; ref-
erences exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
S350— PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on Market st. ; elegant fixtures: full stock;
money-maker. Bee BROOKBANK. ¦
___ __________
SALOON license — Saloon license. See BROOK-
BANK. ___J - -
$300— PARTNER: must be honest, sober, re-
liable. See BERG _ POPP. 313 Kearny st.
$C50 TO $10,000 — Saloons that will stand Inves-
tigation. S«>e BERG _ POPP. 318 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT. - also delicatessen stores, at
bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
F. L. SKAGQS & CO.
Leading Western Hotel Brokers, 28 Mont-
gomery st., S. F. ; phone James 6301; hotels
for Bale and to lease throughout the West;
hotelmen Invited to call.
BAY SHORE REALTY CO..
Phone Mint 2986. — 1206 Market st.
BUSINESS ADVISERS.
HONEST man. full charge, cigar stand; $20
week; apply 10 to 12 and 1 to 2 Sunday.
1200 Market, it., room 5. : v-
WE Incorporate and float stock#companles; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT _ CO.. Elllcott square.
, Buffalo. •
$000— RESTAURANT; great bargain; fine loca-
tion; good business; party going East; also
list of saloons. Eltel & Carroll, 212 Kearny.
$17,500 WORTH of capital stock ln new cor-
poration now being organized, can be bought i
for $7000; a legitimate Investment that will !
pay from 8 to 10 per cent first year; respon-
sible party can become a director ln the
company: subscriptions received from $100
up. Address box 1405, San Francisco Call.
FOR sale — A beautiful summer and winter re-
sort ln Frultvale with park attached which
sublets for $100 every Sunday to association:
hotel has 20 furnished rooms, also cafe and
restaurant: long lease, cheap rent; prica
$1500 if sold within 10 days. Apply to W. E.
RUDELL, Real Estate, Frultvale, . Cal.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted ln mechanical
business; light work; ehort hours; no previous
experience required; $15 to $35 a week each.
47 G«ary St., room 2.
FOR sale — Country newspaper and Job office;
owner leaving , State; a good bargain. Ad-
dress box 1407, Call office, Oakland.
$1500 — DRUG store ln Oakland: central loca-
tion; Ibw rent: established business. J. H.
CROTHERS, 400 Twenty-fourth st., Oakland.
PARTNER wanted — Business man; office and
outside work; small capital; big Income. Box
4744. Call office. ',
CANDY store; good location; must sell; come
make offer; choice of two. 1427 Market st.
GOOD furniture store; 3 living rooms; big yard;
brick building; rent $18. 848 Howard st.
LADY or gentleman with $300; can 'insure big
income. Box 4875, Call office.
PARTNER ln first-class saloon. Inquire SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN, Sacramento and
Sansome sts. .
COALYARD for sale; investigate; fine location;
doing a good business; owner leaving- city.
Address box 1494. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Immediately, a captain with $1000
to take charge of small vessel. Address box
4511, Call office.
SALOON licenses for sale at Washington
Brewery. . .
FOR sa!e — $2000, livery stable; across bay; good
. stand.. 212 Eddy st.. downstairs.
NEWSPAPER — Best-equipped newspaper and
job plant ln one of the best towns ln South-
ern California; most Influential Republican
paper ln the county. Box 4420, Call office.
100 LOTS free — Applicants sending stamp will
receive deed of lot, slxe 25x100 feet. Suburb,
New York. 20th Century Realty Co., 8 Wall
Kt.. New York. ¦
NEW Arkansas oil .field— G. M. Bailey. Mis-
souri Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock,
Ark., can get you an oil lease, trifling ex-
pense. Fortunes from future safe leases.
PARTNER— Detective and collection; estab-
lished business; small capital. 1014 Broad-
way, • room 25, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted ln the furniture and uphol-
- sterlng business; capital small. Inquire 1714
• Polk st. . ¦
$275-^-aCT1VE man as . partner: -. established
- business; duties easily learned; sure profit of
$S5.a month to each. 632 Market St., r. 0.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
'ply San Francisco Call office.
BLACKSMITH | shop in * mountain -• town for
sale; no : competition. Box 4533, ; Call office.
SALOON ' license, ' stock and fixtures for sale;
make offer. 7 1912 Marketst.
OYSTER grotto and • chophouse ln business
street for $800; rent cheap. Box 4065.- Call.
XiODOrwO-HOXTSES FOB SALE — Con.
A— CAMERON _ CO.. Phone South 105O.
3 Eddy *t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rocmlrg Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. • -.-
An uD-to_date downtown house; rent only
*S 50 per room; -¦< light and iur.ny rooma;
eleciMe ilshw and elevator; has 108 roomi.
well furnished throughout; now clearing *o50
to $430 per month; make offer; owner must
leave city; only with us.
I2S rooms: cheap rent; long lease; flrst-etas-
up-to-date downtown house: well furnished;
clearing $30O to $UOO per month: must sell
on account of other business: only with us.
Model apartment-house. 2 and 3 rooms each-
rent Is cht-aD; elegantly furnished: 5-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness.
Wetl located house clc«e In. with cheap rant:
two years' leaae; furniture and carp«t» la
JlV" 8 condItl °n: will guarantee to cla«r
*MO Der month now and can b« mad* ta
clear *;•«>; fine business proposition.
_ —————
• -room modern flat; close In; wetl furnished;
cost $C0O; a bargain if sold at once; $250.
1J0 rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elerantly furnished and equipped-
cheap rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month; close In; full of nlc« paopla; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution ot oart-
nership.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and el.gaatly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; 2n* proposition:
good leas«.
Have new. modern 82-room hous«; — _t 1373;
eleetrlc liirhts. elevator, eornar: •-ery__l7>«
up-u-wdata; owner will «__>axur» for lm-
: ?^SI5 <1 P~P«rty neighborhood San Jama; v_Ju«
21 room*; cheap rent; c«ntrs_: good fur-
niture and carpets; cleara $100 p«r month;
must leave city; rnaJca an offer.
W rooms; bast downtown commercial hoc-* in
city; clearing now $300 per month; r»«ry-
thlng flrst-cla_» condition; will trad* for
Oakland. Alameda, or Barksley prooerty or
ranch In California: must leara crty.
9-room flat; rant only $50: water fraa; •**
furniture; good carpets: mart sail; prtc« $400.
What do you think? 31-room apartra«nt-*ious«:
rent only $130; where you can clear $55 per
month: no work; this you can gat for $1100;
wlf» at hospital.
10 rooms: rent $65; good farnitu— • and oar-
pets; always full; must sat) within next tm
days: leavlns; city: make offer.
60 rooms; new. modern building: elegantly tar-
nished; close in; full of first-das* p*or>U:
clearing a handsome; profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
We have IS beautifully furnished room* ta
fine block on Post St.: full nicest kind oif
roomers; new and modern throughout; br!rur»
In nice Income: furniture in oak, brrdsay*
maple, velvet and axmlnater carp*ts; eoert
$1800 to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city: big bargain. $1200.
45 roomi. rent only $123; first-class location:
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month: always full:
S4W> bUJr ln Clty ' account oC "ickness; prlc«
30 rooms; newly furnished thro_rhoat; fl—»_
year lease: dcwnt-.iwn; fine. respectable.
money maktnr house; part down; balance
reasonable Interest.
3* room-; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
al! ln fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $130; reduced to $2300.
Large list of real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchanse- or tradi always on
hand. CAMERON 3 Eddy St.*
HOTELS..
?250— 8-ROOM house; rent $16; « rooms rent
for «30 50. 110 Minna st.
BOABDITTG rOH C~__DB_3T.
KIND-HEARTED lady with a grown child
would like small child to board; mother's
car«. MRS. WATTENBERG. 237 Minna st.
A mother's care to child. $lf> mo.; nr. school.
Mrs. M. Wallace,Fltchburg.Elmhurst,Ala.Co.
"WANTED— Child to board; reasonable. 3033
Twentieth st.
PRIVATE family would board llttl* girl 4 to
8; good home. SS5 Oak st.
CXiAX-tVO-TAlTTS.
AA — THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
FREE FREE FREE
If not correct. '
His regular $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
BLANCH A RD.
The eminent
Clairvoyant — Psychic — Mystic
Tells your full name, what you calied fo».
whom and when you will marry, reads your
entire life from Infancy to old age.
He gives advice on business, love, court-
ship, marriage and tells of your friends and
enemies: removes evil Influences, reunites
the separated and causes speedy and happy
marriage to the one of your choice: cures
disease ?nd lost vitality without medicine;
locates mines, buried treasure, oil estates.
lost or stolen goods, absent friends.
HE SEES ALL. TELLS ALT..
460 GEAKT ST.. BETWEEN TAYLOR AJ~>
MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS— 10 TO 8 P. M.. DAILY ANT> SUN-
DAY.
RICHARD MATO.
CLAIRVOYANT.
At * glance, before you have a ehane* to ut-
ter one word, he tells you what you cam* foe
and what you want to know.
HE TELLS YOU . •
HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS,
Whether I your present business Investments
will be successful. No matter what may b*
your hope, fear or ambition, call on this gifted
man and find relief. His descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real aa though they
stood before you. He tails you everything,
good or bad: you hear the truth and nothing
but the truth. If you are discontented, un-
happy, discouraged, unsuccessful or ln 111
henlth. call on Professor Mayo and hm will aid
you ln Ufa's greatest blessings, health, wealth
and happiness. Satisfaction guaranteed or no
fee accepted.
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONT3
DOLLAR.
421A Ellis st. (Prl-ate) Flit. Hours 19 _ m.
.<f • to 3 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD THB ~A_TOC3
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. ntxt Exam-
iner bldg.: she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied wltlk
life or have domestic, lore or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice ln all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
g guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Blaclc 4269.
MME. LANGE — Just returned; can gtra yon
advice in your trouble by her genuine Egyp-
tian sympathy, palmistry -nd spiritualism;
possesses the genuine magical magnetio mir-
ror and crystal reading 1 , which shows t-M
correct picture of future wife or husband:
sever falls; convince yourself: readings, 23a
and up; 10 to 8 d. m. ; also Sundays; cures
diseases by her strong sympathy. 49 7th st.
FROM all sections they come to witness the>
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would it not
be a relief to know how you win succeed, to
be relieved of the matters that are troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 423
Eddy st.; three separate reception parlors-
lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ¦
OCCULT Truth parlors at 208 Bills st, U
where you get correct information on all
affairs of life; satisfaction guaranteed- terms
within the reach of all: look at the window -
attractions every half-hour after 3 o'clock'
the bodiless child: Ardroe. the Greek wonl
der reader. MME. LOBEUN". manager.
ISMAR. Egyptian Se-re-s. The Vendotne, 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phona South 1141.
MM . E -v / OR , TER ;, cl * lnr °-«t. medium, bora
with double veil and second sight; tells past
present, future: 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm^
Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr.and palm •
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.- l_ 5or :
O. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.'
Mrs.A.ILKronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant card
reader: when others fall try m «;readtn__ 25c
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave. ; tel.Larkln 4207!
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 23c cp. 8 Ellis at., near Market.
PKOFj JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; ! to I) p. m. 512 Jessie st.
ROSALIND, world renowned spiritual cial— -oy-
ant. psychic, palmist. 10 Powell (The Earl).
MISS WARD; clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts. The Vendome. 1104 Market, r. 21.
OLDEST lady palmist ui) card reader ta clty-
Udles 25c: gents 50c. 26%. Kearny. r._O.
| MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card remdtog. tea
leaves; 23c up. 612% Eddy it.; no _i£
CAEPET BEATTlfO AJTD CULL* T SO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop: prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 303 Market St.:
phones Main 122 and Hush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work j
eend for SPAULOING'S Pioneer Carpat-beat-
' ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40. |
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S~Superior Carpet Beating Works.
ZZ3 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
MITCHELL'S. 210 Fourteenth St.— First-clans
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 7t-
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394 GEO. WALCOM ft CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH~&~cb.. carpef-beatlng 'works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
CLOTHING BE" OV ATI~O.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1: scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 4fl);
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OTOCES.
BAD tenantK ejected for $4: collections m&de;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery »L. rooms 9-ll>. Tel. Main C58O.
EOD PING-HOUSES fOBSALS.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entranoa,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and roomlng-houets for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND
A 37-room house on Ellis St., only 4 blocks
from Market; fine location; elegantly fur-
nished, right up to data.
A SWELL ENTRANCE. STEAM HEAT,
HOT AND COLD WATER.
Profit $175 monthly; only $1500 cash neces-
sary; near first-class restaurants.
EVERT MODERN CONVENIENCE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
"SUNNY HOME" FOR SALE.
NEAR Post and Leavenworth.
Isn't that a flno location?
RENT $4, profit $4 per room; 23 rooms.
Permanent roomers, of course.
PRICE $S0O down and $S0O on time.
MARION GRIFFIX.
WOULD TOU like to bank $211 monthly?
We offer you such a house.
Price $3200.
YOU WILL GET
Easy Terms
For quick action.
THE OWNER wants to take
A Oii-room house
That we offer for $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN ,
Cordially invites you
To Investigate.
A 12-room house
Reduced to $400 cash.
Central; rent $30.
Income over rent. $47.
All men roomers.
Not a 1st clacs house.
But it's reliable.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition for some enterpris-
ing lady, or gentleman of education and re-
finement; new and modern houee of 66 rooms;
partially furnished with a fine grade of fur- 1
niture. draperies and carpetings; rent only j
$5 per room with a 5-year lease; price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SACRIFICE SALE of
the handsomest and moat modern
apartment house of ISO rooms In San
Francisco: new and beautiful fur-
nishings that cost $16,000; will take
$7000; properly managed will pay
47500 yearly profit. It is the greatest
bargain ever offered. No cards.
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and MODERN 7-room flat, north of
Market; furnished new In September; rent
$27 50; price $450; hair mattresses.
NEAT,
NEW,
CLEAN.
2 See MARION GRirFIX.
$1450 — 40 ROOMS; house poorly furnished:
forced sale; good opening for right
party. MARION GRIFFIN.
$2500 — SO ROOMS; well furnished apartment
house; corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays well.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$2000— 38 ROOMS; hotel, clearing $150
monthly: very select boarders; owner
sick; will take small rooming-house in
exchange and time on balance.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$750 — 16 ROOMS: rent $50; same ownar for 12
years; nice location for roomers or
boarders; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT HOUSE of 46 rooms.
NEAR HOTEL GRANADA.
RENT 1J150.
INCOME $175 monthly over expenses.
PRICE $3000; terms easy.
Agent from this office go with buyer.
MARION GRIFI-N.
GREAT SNAP.
ALL YOU NEED Is $300 cash.
14 rooms; •¦. ¦ i
7 blocks north of Market street.
Price down to $750. Easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
16-ROOM HOUSE.
Highly respectable. Near Post and Mason.
Clean and -In eood order. Rent $75.
Profit $75 monthly. Price $1200.
MARION GRIFFIN.
200-ROOM HOUSE.
For exchange for real estate.
Partly furnished. New and modern.
Should clear $1000 monthly properly man-
aged. Price $9500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
FOR SALE.
36-room house: downtown :flne furniture. $5000
24 rooms; central; everything new, $1600;
$S00,cash.
80 rooms; downtown: transient $2500
14 rooms; Sutter St.; transient $1000
100 rooms; all rented; fine furniture, $10,000,
$6000 cash.
30 rooms; corner house; very swell .... /43500
San Francisco Credil Co., 10 Turk st,, 1st fir.
LIST, of great bargains; from 7 to 200 rooms;
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodging-
house. 377 acres land in Santa Clara County,
also 2 Oakland lots; good-paying country
hotels and roadhouses. Money loaned on
furniture. EITEL _ CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
CALL, Investigate why 22-room house is for
sale; money-maker; cheap rent- lease; price
low; good location. Manila, 73?H Howard.
0 ROOMS: rent $30: piano: good furniture; all
rented; Income $45; net $G00; call afternoons;
no agents. C52 Folsom St..
ROOMING-HOUSE of. 1O nicely furnished
rooms for sale; always <ull; good location.
894 Geary St.. cor. LarBTn.
HOTEL of 150 rooms at a sacrifice ; also 7-
room sunny new flat: worth investigating; no
dealers. Box 1607, 1008 Market st.
ROOMING-HOUSE cheap; no reasonable offer
refused; Inquire Monday, 10 to 4. 282 Turk.'
WELL furnished 7-room house, cheap rent, at
a bargain; call Sunday. 205 Second st.
HOUSE. 11 rooms, all sunny: permanent room-
ers ;lease;sacriflce; fail, health. 30 McAllister.
SIXTH. 30*— 12 rooms: rent $30; great sacri-
fice: must fell. Call 12 to 7.
EDDY, 124 — Transient house for sale.
$350—10 ROOMS, furnish*- 1 ' —at $40; must sell
at once. 13 Tenth st. '
OAKLAND ADVT'SM'NTS,
OAKXA-fT) BOOMS TO LET.
LARGE sunny clean front room, with alcove,
cu*«t. Kinte and bath; 3 minutes" walk from
Key route; for renpect— bio gentleman only;
$0 per month. 070 Thirty-fifth et.. Oakland.
OAXO-AZTX) HOUSSXXSPTHO ROOMS.
TO rent — 3 sunny rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; no objections to children; price $12.
Apply 712 Eleventh et.. Oakland.
OAri-ND rOBNITJBE FOB SAEZ^
TO-MOKROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. gchelha-s. llth «t..cor.»tore.O.kland
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MUL TALLET ~~ *T. -«"- «— ~.
$30l>— $30 CASH— BALANCE $10 MONTHL.,
buys a. big lot in the enly tract In popular
Mill Valley where lots can be bought on
' euch easy terms; within a stone's throw
from the station: en uraded streets; water
mains 1_M; grand redwood and madrone trees;
thousands of dollars have been spent on im-
provements; many artistic and expensive
homes S-ave been erecteJ.
128 LOTS SOLI) UP TO DATE.
Agents on the eround Sundays. Send Tor
illustrated booklet.
116* Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
San Francisco Advertisenrts
CHURCH SESVICrj-B. _-
FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, southwest
corner Geary and Franklin sts.. Rev. Brad-
ford Leavitt, minister — Junior church and
Sunday school are at 10 o'clock, Rev. Brad-
ford Leavitt and C. A. Murdock, superin-
tendents; Sunday service is at 11 o'clock;
there Is no evening service: Mr. Leavitt will
proaob; subject. "The Uplifted Life"; mu-
sic by quartet, under direction of H. Breth-
erick, organist. All ara cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Twentieth
and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valencia st.
oar.) — The Rev. C. Calvert Smoot. minister.
The Sunday school meets at 9:45 o'clock,
Mrs. L. A. Covel superintendent. At the
morning servlca at 11 o'clock the Rev. C.
Calvert Smoot will preach his inaugural ser-
mon; subject. "The Influence of an Ideal."
Music by orchestra and choir under the di-
rection of Mr. Jablsh Clement. All cordially
invited. No evening service.
GRACE Church, corner California and Stockton
Ets., Rev. David J. Evans, rector — Celebra-
tion of Huly Communion, S a. ra. ; litany
and celebration. 11 a. m.. with sermon by
the rector. Offertory, "Pralee Ye the Lord"
(Roesinl). Musical festival service, 7:45
p. m. : Motet, "Lord God of Our TSalva-
tlon" (Ernest Load); barytone solo, "Tha
Fall of Jerusalem" (Blumner); solo, trio,
reclt. and chorus, "The Wilderness"
(Goss); quartet from "Attela" (Verdi); of-
fertory. "While We Have Time" (Stevenson).
At this service all seats are free. Organist
and choirmaster. William H. Holt.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough st». — Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett, D.D., rector. Holy
Communion. 7:30 and 11 a. in. Morning
prayer at 11 a. m.. sermon by rector. Spe- i
cial musical sen-ice at 8 p. in.
OALIFORNIA-ST. Methodist Episcopal Church,
corner California and Broderlck sts. — The
pastor. Rev. George A. Hough, will preach
morning and evening to-day. Mis* Smith
will »lng. Sunday school at 0:45. Epwcrth
League at Q:80. Miss Speacer, a returned
missionary, will lead the league. A cordial
welcome to all. All seats free.
t SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
The sacrament of the Lord's supper will be
administered at 11 a. m.. preceded by suit-
able address. At 7:30 p. m.. the pastor. Rev.
James H. N. William s. will deliver a pre-
election ttrmon on "Political Parties and '
Their Policies." j
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner I
Twanty-flrat and Capp sts. — The Francis M.
Larkin, Ph. D., pastor, residence S16S Twen-
ty-first et. Services, 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
-Sunday-school, 12:43 p. m. Morning service,
reception of members and the sacraments. ;
Evening service and oermon by the pastor. |
Subject. "A National Clvio Crime."
CENTRAL M. B. CHURCH. MUslon St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh — Tha pastor. Rev. George I
W. White, will preach at both the morning |
and evening services; Sunday school at j
12:45, Rolla V. Watt, superintendent; Young
People's meetings at 6:15; good music; seats
free. All welcome.
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento st.. R«v. William Kirk
Guthrle, pastor — Sen-ices at 11 a. m. and !
7:30 p. m. ; the pastor will preach at both j
-ervlces. Sunday school, 9:40 a. m. ; j
Christian Endeavor, 5:30 and 6:30 p. m. ; I
Wednesday. 8 p. m., midweek service;
Thursday, 8 p. m., monthly meeting of the
Men's Club. All are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Jackson
and Flllmore sts. — Rev. John Hrmuhill, D.
D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock;
Rev. John S. Maclnto-h, D. D., will preach.
Evening aervlce at 7:30 o'clock: Rev. Hugh
W. Gllchrist. D. D.. will preach. Sabbath
Fchool at 9:30 a. m. Christian Endeavor
meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wed-
nesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are cor.
I dlally Invited.
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twen-
ty-third and Ca»x> sU.-^Pantor, Rev. Ed-
ward K. Strong. Public services for divine
worship at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Bible
school at 12:30 p. m. Endeavor Society at
6:30 p. m. Strangers welcome at all services.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St., ;
bet. Buchanan and Webster — Rev. I. C. |
Meserve. D. D.. pastor. Morning worship
at 11. preceded by Sunday school at 0:30
a. m. Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:45
p. m. Evening worship at 7:45. In the I
evening the pastor will deliver a patriotic I
address on the topic. "Patriotism, Real and
True. Just Now." Come and rest and wor-
ship.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D. D..
pastor, will preach at both services. • At 11
a. m., topic. "A Crown of Thorns." Bap-
tiwn of children. Reception of members and
holy communion. At 7:45 p. m.. topic, "In-
timacy With God." All are cordially invited.
THIRD Congregational. 15th St., near Mission.
Rev. William Rader, pastor, will preach
at both services. At 11 a. m., "Unseen De-
fenders." At 7:30 d. m.. "Influence of
Christianity on European Ideals." third in
series on "Messages From the Old World."
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy St. — Rev. C.
A. Cock of Bloomfield, N. J.. Dreaches, 11
a. m. aid 7:30 o. m. Bible school. 2:30 p.
m. Christian Endeavor meeting*. 6:30 p. m.
Prayer meeting. Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. All
are cordially welcome to these services.
Seats free. ..;•.'
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, ' Central
block. 223 Sutter «r".. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.;
«ubjoct of- lesson -sermon. "Mortals and Im-
mortals." Sunday whool for children at the
same hour; Wednesday evening meeting at
8 o'clock: free reading-room. 206 Kearny st.
rooms 009-510; all are welcome.
THE PEOPLE'S CHURCH meets Sunday
evenings at 8 o'clock In Elks' Hall. __.'{
Putter et. : subject this evening, "Democracy
of Nahva": message by Mrs. J. J. Whitney;
partor. Mrs. Anna L. Glllesple; residence
1101 O'Farrell st.
CHARLES MONTGOMERY, president Califor-
nia Prison Commission, will conduct services
this evening in the Jerry McAuley MUbion,
824 Howard st.: subject, "Sin. Selfishness
and Crime Increasing and God's One and
Only Remedy." Mrs. Alslng will sing "For
Ever With the Lord." A poem will be read
upon "Rum. the Curse of Hell." All are In-
vited. Seats free and no collection. Meet-
ings every night.
AN opportunity to hear Rev. G. A. Hough on
"The Wonders of the Law," to-day at 3
o'clock in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association; music by A. A.
McMillan, soloist, and the Robson orches-
tra. A!l men welcomed.
BUDDHIST Mli-Fion. 807 Polk st.; every Sun-
day. 11 a. m.. service and sermon. To-day,
Rev. K. Horl will speak on "The Eternal
Life."
M_ETI_TQS — SUOTPAT.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY: messages from your
friends this evening; People's church: Elks'
Hall. 223 Sutttr st. Mrs. J. J. Whitney's
office. 12^6 Market «t., room 14.
"WONDERFUL" public healing of sick by
Rexradlo TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. Come
early to avoid crowding. RADIUM HALL*
7h3V4 Market st.. corner Fourth.
A. O. F. building. 102 O'Farrell et.; below Al-
cazar; to-night. Professor Gee, medium. In
his *tartllnj». mystifying tests; Master Wil-
lie Falconer, cornet &olo; 10c.
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred p. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for elate writing, clair-
voyant. OfHce. 1112 Eddy. 'Phone Scott 687.
TESTS. I. O. O. F. bldg.. Remembrance Hall.
2 and 7:30; Mr. Wilson. Madame von Walt;
7:30. H-rgrave. Dr. Cowan; 10c.
MRS. EBERHARDT. circle to-night. 10c. 207
. San Jose ave.. bet. Twenty-fourth and Twen-
ty-fifth ets.: reading dally.
CHILDREN'S Lyceum every Sunday. 10:30 a
m.. at Mkt _ 7th, Odd Fellows; No. S, frets
library.
MRS. STODDARDS: select full test read tse-
nscza, 2Sc; 8un., Tuea.; sittings daily. 278 0th
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
O____C__> RBAXi E8TAT3.
A. 3. SNYDER.
Xttel Estate Broker and Ixaler.
4C7 Ninth Street.
$5000— East side of Grow St.. north of 32d;
-p:end2d hoiaa ot 7 rooms *n<l _U_; l—rn.
J250O— Cot_jr» homo in splendl** condition;
terms can be secured if desired.
__— — I
\
A WIST STREET COTTAGE.
t2250 Lot 2_xl«0; cott»»« of 5 rooms ana
bsxh.
TEU-GBAPH AVBNTE PROPERTY.
SSxllfi; Drico M7U0; house of 8 rooms and
EIGHTH STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$200 par foot; we have secured, after much
effort, an option on a piece of property on
nirfcih et- at $2uO per foot; this Is the cheap-
est do— mown j-roperty to be had; »ee this
at oaca.
11800— Korthw«st corner; suitable for flats;
lot &—30; rlx-t In town.
Nor_ 23th «t-; lot C-xlOO; $52 50 per foot.
S lots left «n tie north slda of 30th st. at
$23 SO per toot; -_xl40.
A. J7~SJSTDER,
Heal --state Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth Street.
BMO & IXUX-U iormtuir of Fruitv_le. have
«st— b_— .ad aa office at 1200 Broadway. Oak-
l«_d. rooms * and 10. They h«~a soma
choioe suburban homes and acreage to show.
C&U aod ret list
$2750— Hoose cf 7 roc— s; on street ear line;
¦treet work aU done; cement walks; fine
grounds.
A iplsadld reeldanoe; f— e bam, large
grounds. fruit trees acd shrubbery In pro-
fusion; this plam must be seen to be appre-
cJ«-tc<l; will sell cheap; must be sold; come and
let us -Sow you this place, then make an
cSter. We are g^rg to sell this property this
week at som « prtoe; good reason for selling, so
com* and. see it.
A tine tome in ESmhurst; 2-_tory house,
windmill, tack, barn, chicken houses and
yards fruit trees; everything in fine shape;
lot 00x280 feets Just the place for a country
beme; Dear etreet car line; prica no object,
owner majru coll It and wa will. too.
ZZMQ — 2% acres of choice land; a corn mand-
lnr view of S. F\ Bay; cottage of & rooms;
Cne well of water; pu— p; good soil; land
Um Al.
(2000 — t-roc— cottage, near R- R. station;
new house, built one year; lot 25x125; some
shrubbary plasted and walks made.
ELROD * HULL, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
Phone Rad 683L
THE prettiest bungalow you ever s»w : 2 blocks
from Key Route station at 40th and Grove
sts.; situate on Apgar St.; pretty, new
neighborhood; bou9e never oocupled; com-
plete in every detail; easy plan of payments.
The real estate and buildings owned by
tha Pacific Press Publishing Company, front-
ing llth. 12th. Castro and Brush sts.. will be
sold in subdivisions; full particulars on ap-
plication.
$560— Very pretty building lot; 28x132;
•unr.y frontace; 3 block* frcm San Pablo
avenua.
$1900— New, pretty cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; electric lighting; lot 36x100; near San
Pablo avt. and first S. P. station from San
Francisco. '• I
OEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. !
- i
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$30Ort will buy 110 feet frontage on Vernon \
Heights, near Senator Perkins' ; commanding <
fine view; street work done; a chance for
builders or specula tors.
f. ''•<*) — Lot 00xl2<>; on 22d St., near Grove;
very centr&l.
J.1500 — Beautiful residence lot on corner of
Filbert snd ICth sts. ; high terrace; elegant
surroundings: 33:2x100. ;
S17&0 — i',i);r» lot on Orange et.. Oakland
Heights; &0xl^3; Cne view; b-Mutlful houses I
ail around.
«•¦.-•" will buy a 50-foot lot en 33d St., nesj-
W«.st; tr_b it guick.
$13M) — Extra chole* sunny teir aced lot on
Myrtle st., near lith: 32x100.
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE. 112 Broadway,
Oakland.
ALDEN REALTY CO.. 5184 Telegraph ava.
Phone Black 6481.
$550 — Lot 50x171; sewered: near Key rout*.
J.'.Mi — Lot 05x150; on Claremont ave.
}:.'.'«• — Best business corner on Telegraph ave.;
must be sold; owner going away.
$3000 — 5 rooms and bath; lot ClxllO; nica
grounds: on Telegraph ave.. near K*j
route; can be bought on terms to suit.
$S0<> — 8-room houre; street work all done; lot
02x120; in Berkeley.
$10 a rront foot In Piedmont, near Key route
derot and school.
$20 front foot on Telegraph a\*e., near Key
route; etreet work all done.
FIVE lots on Rose st.. eait of Telegraph, near
Idora Park, for eala for $»0; within 5 min- !
utes' walk of the Key Route; street sewered. !
but not macadamized.
Lot on 33d et.. between Grove and West; 6Ox
100 feet; flS per foot.
Lots oa Snyder and Burton aves.; Sd block
west of fc?an Pablo, for $6 per foot.
Lots on Grove St.. between 30th and 31st; east
frontage; $32 per foot.
Lots in Yoakum Tract, short distance from
Haywards electric; $3 per foot; 100 feet*by
100 for $300.
W. E. BARNARD.
476 Tenth St., Oakland.
READ THIS AD BY
THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
A eplenfiid paying Investment.
New and all modern flats.
Four fiats of t> and 6 rooms each; lot COx
100; all rented, $96 month; eestral to Broad-
way.
Also 2 modern flats of S and 6 rooms, well
located on a corner near Broadway, for
$5f«'O; all rented. $50 month.
Also 2 fiats and a 9-room residence; renta
$S2 50 month; pric« $8000.
Also 2 new, modern flats, near Telegraph
avw.; 6 large rooms each, at $7000; rents $70
month and a bargain.
THB ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250 — NEW 4-room cottage; lot 50x130: near
bead of Lake Merritt; 300-foot mineral' well.
$26OO~-BeauUful 5- room cottage; perfect
condition: all street work done; sunny ex-
posure.
$350 will buy three lots on Allendale ave..
near Redwood road; surrounded by new
homes. .-
T. V. PORTER, 466 Eighth st.
DO YOr WA-\T TO SELL YOUR PROP-
ERTY? IF SO LIFT IT WITH
WILLIAMS 6t PARSONS. ' .*
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT BROK-
ERS.
401 I3TH ST.. COR. FRANKLIN.
TEL. RED 663G. OAKLAND.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
Four new and all modern Rats, 5 and «
rooms; all rented. $36 a month; very central to
ail cars and Broadway; also 2 modern flats 3
Works to Broadway and central to heart 'of
city; rented $50 month; price $5000. THE AL-
DEN CO.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home in Piedmont:
fine neighborhood; good location: near car
line; will sell cheap: must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th sL
$3100 — FOUR cottages of 5 rooms each; lot
100x100; bank mortKaxe $22o<>: rent $38 per
month; near Fortieth et.. Key route.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
1O5& Broadway.
6 ROOMS: larre barn; big cellar; lot 50x150;
fruit trees and chickens; make otter. 416
East Twenty-third st.
T"">K asle — On Sherman St.. 4 blocks from Tele-
graph a.ve. station. Key Route: 2 new 6-room
cottages, an 8-room colonial house and a <>-
room bungalow. K. NELSON, owner, Wind-
sor Hotel, room 34, Oakland.
NEW. modern house of 8 larg« rooms; on Thir-
tieth ft., near Telegraph ave. : sun all day;
Interior beautifully fininhed: let 40x140; also
7-roen. new 2-story bungalow; a banrain
Pee own-r. F. P. WRIGHT. 507 Thirtieth St.*
NEW houw cf « room- and basement; handy
to university and cars; built for a home; will
eell house at cost and let below market value-
terms. A. L. GREEN, owner. 14M Broad-
way, Oakland.
IF you want to buy or eell anything In the
•'ay of real estate come to 422 Klcventh st.
ne_ r Bros d way. Oakland. ¦
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BIG new catalogue of desirable vacant houses
Jurt out; Mud for it. GEO. W. AUSTIN
10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
oa_t.a»_ rpBaxsaxD houses"
GKOVE. 1417— Beautiful home; 8 rooms and
bath; entirely modern; -plendidly for.; piano-
cne location; adults; call before 3 p. m.
; BTTSTNES3 CgANC-g— Contlnnad.
A— CAMERON &.CO. --Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chance?.
FOR sale — First-class bazaar: located in thriv-
ing . location, city; flno plateglass windows;
store fixtures; large stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doing good business, clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; sick-
ness; snap; price $3500. ,
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city In California; 50 stalls;
rent only $75 per month;, well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring., cause of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st. y^y.
FOR sale — Stptionery. school supplies, dress
linings; well located; cheap rent; doing good
business; 3 living rooms; stock will Invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. .
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real es-
tate, roomlng-houres and business chances.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FOR sale — One ot the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement business* In
S. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
frcm $500 to $J<00 per month: trial given If
desired; part down, CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; .horso and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Several goods business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry, ice-
cream, manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy at. - ¦ ¦ '
MAKING DOLLARS GROW
Is a trade. ' .
Our manager took $1500 supplied by farm-
ers, doctors, clerks, clergymen, women, etc.,
in Belfast, Me., and in an honest, profitable
business earned and paid them through Bel-
fast National Bank
$330,000 00 IN CASH IN IS MONTHS.
That's history; all the proof you want.
EVERY DOLLAR EARNED $200 00.
Would you like to have had a few dollars
In that deal? If so. history is repeating
itself. We hava a great co-operative busl-
¦ ness growing fast. We have 4000 share-
holders; we want a few more. Send for our
20- page book. "A GUIDE TO FULL POCK-
ETS." It's FREE. You can Invest $1 or
$100. No chance for loss. No get-rich-qulck
scheme. Just a great profit-making business,
managed by a man who knows how to make
It pay. That's all. Don't miss this chance.
Nutrlola Co.. 142Z W. Madison st.. Chicago.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to jell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Volsom 8468.
BIO PROFITS— Send for booklet. "Guide to
Success": valuable information to large and
small investors on grain markets; great op- '
portunltles for large profits in wheat and
corn;' accounts of $20 and up accepted.
Logan & Roach, 43 Commerce bldg.. Chicago.
WOULD YOU BE SATISFIED
By having It proved to you conclusively that
we earn and pay large monthly profits to big
and small investors, without risk of any
kind? Particulars free by writing W. H.
LATIMER, 411 Walnut St.. Philadelphia, Pa,
FOR sale — Launch business; owing to C. A.
McNeill being suddenly called East and de-
tained Indefinitely, the established buslneaR,
launches, etc.. of the C. A. McNeill Launch
Co. Is offered for sale. For particulars In-
quire at office, Clay-st. bulkhead.
CALL route for sale; good route in Alameda.
Apply to this office or call at 1813 Pacific
ave.. Alameda; take broad gauge train, get
off at Grand st. station, Alameda; call be-
fore 12 noon.
A— DELICATESSEN; will sell very cheap;
owner leaving city; big profits; cash trade;
part cash, balance easy payments; write to-
day. Box 3899, Call office.
A RESTAURANT doing a paying business,
having a fine equipment, a good location and
long lease, can be bought for $3000. Box
1500, Call office.
40 CENTS Invested In our coal mine to-day will
be worth $1 in a year; guaranteed by rail-
road bonds if desired. Box 270, Minneapolis,
Minn.
COMPETENT business man. with $5000. as
president of a good substantial company;
can clear $10,000 first year; investigate this.
Box 4760. Call.
ON account of long illness, will sell delicates-
sen store: transfer location; doing good busi-
ness; will take country or city property in
exchange. Box 4762. Call.
$10S0 BUYS business worth having; easy; only
3 hours' work week; profit $100 mo.; gentle-
man's position; snap; monopoly; am leaving
city. Call at shops. 609 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — To Invest $2000 in a corner gro-
cery and bar: place must be worth the
money. Address, with prica and location.
box 4501. Call.
WANTED — Partner with $300 to Invest In best
paying business in San Francisco: you must
investigate this to appreciate its value. Box
4512. Call office.
$7000 — FOR sale, half Interest In wholesale
and retail wine and liquor business: fine
bar trade; trial given. Box 4471, Call.
FOR sale^ — Best paying shoe shop in city; will
sell cheap; makes from $30 to $40 week.
2140 Flllmore st.
AN INCOME FOR THE FAMILY.
Dividends that will pleaue you. Address
701 Drexel bldg., Philadelphia, Pa.
FOR sale — 10-cent vaudeville theater; clearing
$200 weekly: excellently located; on best cir-
cuit. Box 47S3, CalL
PHOTO supply sU>re: good locality, city; will
exchange for Oakland or Berkeley property;
evenings. 7:30 to 9:30. 2531 Mission st.
WANTED — Lady of means to Join physician
in manufacturing business; good profit. Box
4534, .Call office.
WANTED — Three men with $1500 each; cut,
rriml extract and market tanbark; selling
19 cord; make $20,000 yearly. Box 441S.Call.
$1500 CASH or realty syndicate certificate;
corner grocery family liquor store: no op-
position; best location. 1U99 Post st.
$3000— BEER bottling plant; well established;
will give easy terms if desired. Box 4523,
Call office.
WANTED — To buy saloon or grocery and bar:
give price and location; owners only. Box
4701. Call. . '
FOR sale — On account of sickness, small
branch bakery and delicatessen store. 2790
Mission «t. .-.'--
$1000 — CIGAR stand; near theater; best loca-
tion north Market: $600 stock, cash regl.<rter,
machines: big trade; long lease. 1007% Mkt.
$115— CORNER cigar stand: fair stock; rent
$5; good .trade; bargain., 1007% Market st. ,
FINE paying drygoods store, with lease; own-
er leaving State; no agents. Box 44S1, Call.
FOR sale — Cheap, dental parlor In good loca-
tion. Box 4742. Call. ______
|,S.">0 — CIGAR store for sale; downtown and
very central. Box 4405, CalK
PLACE for lease; fitted for a cigar stand;
good location. Box 4006, Call.
MAN and wife want to buy a notion store
close to school. Box 4102, Call. . -.
RESTAURANT at 814 Hayes St.: price re-
duced; owner wishes to leave city.
GOOD, 'paying delicatessen store for sale,
cheap. 1209 Flllmore st.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar. Inquire
North Star Brewing Company. ¦"
GROCERY and saloon: 645 Valencia, cor.; good
business; selling account of ¦ other business.
CIGAR stand; good stock. Inquire 125 Third
. st. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
dressmakers and seamstresses.
McDowell system of dresscutting
receives gold medal . above all others at St.
Louis exposition: fits every form; follows every
fashion; everything from basting to designing
taught; best course In millinery given on the
coast: patterns cut to measure. ¦ ..
McDOWELL .SCHOOL, 1019 Market st.
JUST from Paris — MME. OLGA, dressmaking
for ladles and misses. 327 Geary st., opp.
St. Francis.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
¦ Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion. : sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
¦ art's button and buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
MEETnTPB— BTJITO AY— Continued.*
I>R. SIMMONS, automatic writing, trance and j
healing medium; readings 1 to 5. 147 N:nth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. Mrs. Seal lecture, 10c. 619 McAllister.
GKAND* tests, Scottish Hall, 8 p. m. ; Max-
well, Ilovet, Wrenn, McKee, Samuels, others.
MRS. HARLAND'S test meetings, evenings;
to-night, 10c: bus. read., 50c. $1. 148 Sixth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall 3.15 McAllister St.— Mrs. C.
I J. Meyer; s»it. dally; tests to all every eve.; 10c.
CinCLK to-nlslit. 10c. PROF. SABLICK. Egyp-
tian occult, dally 10 a.m to 8 p.m. 700 Ellis st.
V G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 118 Sixth at.
MEETINGS — THEOSOPHIOAIj.
THE Thecsophkal Society. Academy of Sci-
ences Hall— Public lecture. 8 p. m., by Mr.
Thomas Prime; subject. "Thoughts Are Llvjg
Ing Thinss." Music by Professor W. H7
Llpscombe. ¦
SUNDAY _ECTTJB~S. ,
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening Electricians' Hall. 35 Eddy st. : mib-
Ject. "Enlarging Our Usefulness," followed by
view? of a visit to Japan (new); free tickets
will be distributed for X-ray exhibition at
sanitarium Tuesday evening; remember tho
question box; special muslc^ '
GRAND final rally of Socialist party Monday;
ove of election: Alhambra Theater: 8 p. m. .
brilliant speakers; come early. "/ (
O N* ORLOW'S lecture, G. O. (upper) Hall:'
"The Problem of California's Greatness.
Piano and vocal solos: 8 p. m. Admls. free.
CARMEN'S Hall. 310 O'Farrell; to-night at 8;
Franklin Jordon of Colorado; subject. The
Campaign as a Socialist Sees It ; tree.
HARRY GAZE at Golden Gate Hall to-night.
S p m.; subject. "How to Break the Habit
of Orowin- Old." Admlselon free.
MISS FRANCES E. EPEYER of Minneapolis
will speak at Golden Gate Hall to-day, 11
a. m. Subject. "Tha Joyful Life.'
DR. BETIERO. free lecture. East Parlor.
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter St.: "Life and
Religion In India." 8 p. m.
DR COLLINGE: subject, "Inspiration"; Wel-
come Hall, Odd Fellows' building. 8 p. m.
•^ MEETING NOTICES. £
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. .v_BS_fct
0 F.— Brothers cf the lodge w111 3vPS|rE_S
kindly attend the i uneral
obsequlen of our late brother, *™"_r.,
JAMES LORD HOMER, under ausoice. of
the Pioneer Society, at Flonwr Hall. «i
Fourth et.. at 2 p. -..THIS SUNDAY.
Nov. 6. ARTHUR BEHREND. N. O.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
THE Swedish Lodge Odin No. 393, ,_jjjgr_s*.
1 O. O. F.— Meets every WED :£:_5S|WS_%
NESDAY NIGHT In Fraternal -^$S$&??
Hall, Odd Fellows' building. Vis- «~«~«-
lting brothers always welcome. •
GEORGE G. MOREN. N.- G.
SWAN CHYTRAUS. Secretary.
MODERN Woodmen of America, Good- V*ffl*"K
, fellowship Camp 9633. *M. W. of A., I w
i meets every MONDAY NIGHT at |v*w j
Electricians' Hall. San Francisco. Ln
Y.\ H. EDWARDS, V. C.
w. J. ELLIOTT, Clerk; office, room 627
Emma Spreckels building.
THE California Debris Comn«ssion, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from J. McGrath. In Red Rock mine, j
at Howland Flat. Sierra County, Cal., drain- j
Irs into Slate Creek, which reaches Yuba |
River, and from Douglas 9. Cone and \
Charles L. Reynolds, In Smith's Blue Gravel j
mine, near Ono. Shasta County, Cal., drain-
Ing into Jerusalem Creek, which reaches
Sacramento River, gives notice that a meet-
! ing to receive any protests will be held at
room 96, Flood building. San Francisco.
! Cal.. Nov. 21. 1904, at 1:30 p. m.
i THE semi-annual election of the Mediums'
Protective Association will be held SATUR-
DAY EVENING. November 12* at 267 San
Jose ave. T. O. K. DRYDN, Secretary.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cants— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AD OPTION.
] A PRETTY baby girl for adoption. Dr. Funke
traternlty villa, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
i »— — ¦— ¦
AGENTS .WANTED. V
WANTED — Experienced, successful local and
out-of-town representatives to aell the easiest
: and best advertised stocks on the market on
i the Installment plan; no mining, oil or get-
! rich-quick scheme, but legitimate dividend-
paying securities in great demand: insurance
. and building loan agents can easily earn
from $50 to $100 a week. Call 409 Crossley
building.
AGENTS — Here is corker; only pancake grid-
dle in world, will bake square cakes; turns
them; bakes six each time; 100 per cent
profit. CANTON GRIDDLE CO., Canton. O.
FOR one dime we will send you 200 printed
names of firms that buy names and ad-
dresses. Pacific Mall Order Co., 120 Sutter
St.. San Francisco.
LADY agents to handle sure seller: married
women and widows preferred; liberal com-
missions. 629 Third st., upstairs.
$18 WEEKLY and expenses to men with rigs
to sell poultry compound. Imperial Mfg.
Co., dept. 54, Parsons, Kans.
j PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders,
i Pacific Agents Supply Co., 1220 Treat ave.
I LADY agents wanted everywhere to : sell
I Kemp's Suppositories. 1312 Market St., r. 316
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, lfl pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year, for $1.
ATTOKNE~S-AT-_A~r.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a fpeclalty; quick: quiet; no money needed:
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free: collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.
R. W. KING, Attorney-<\t-L«w, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor; entrance room 611; established 26
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce; costs $12;quick,qulet;advlce free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful ; open evenings. 927 Market St.. room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings, 819 Market st.,r.33. j
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 827 Market, "room 204
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
ASTROLOGY.
CONSULT Astor. famous New York astrologer;
man of ability. 037 Market St.; booklet mailed.
ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly-
10c. 25c, 50c. 1C02 iTarket, St. Nicholas:
also Wlshart, ICth and Washington. Oakland.
AUTOMOBILES.
"B" MODEL Cadillac, used three months,
complete with baskets, lamps, extra tires
etc.; price $900. 513 16th et.. Oakland.
WANTED— An automobile In good running or-
der; reasonable price.- Box 4004, Call office.
1904 WHITE touring car: used five months-
will rell cheap. Apply 2618 Laguna st.
STEAM locomobile. In good order, cheap- have
no use. Inquire 473 Valencia st.
3ALM OP FIGS. » ~"
POSITIVELY cures all .diseases of women;
tumors and cancer; recommended by phy-
Klclans. Local office. 804 Larkln st.
—,^ w^
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 5Oc-
plates. $5; full eet; all work painless and
warranted. . Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLTJM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8. per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.l4.1sf
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;filllngs, 25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st
to comer Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed ' by the New. York den-
tlsta . Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 96» Mission, cor. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call." IK pages.' sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY, NOVEMBER G, 1904.
45
CI.ArnvOYA^rrs — Continued.
A— WAN OF
ps Venn: gift.
POWER OF
PROFESSOR ELSMERE.
8 offices— _20 O' Farrell— 3 offices.
— — _
DISPLAY OK PHENOMENA THAT IS A
PUZZLE TO fcClEXTISTS.
MAGNETIC CLAIRVOYANCE THE SECRET
OF IXUN'GS THAT BEAB THE STAMP
OF THE SUPHRNATUKAU
PROFESSOR ELSMERi: has been for nearly
a gunrtsr of a century before the people of
the United States in a profesFional way. He
raea-NM daily letters of gratitude from all
iiarts of the world for services rendered. He
has never chanced his methuds, and stands
hither in the hearts of his fellow citizens to-
ri av than ever before.
DO YOU WISH TO KNOWT
How you eta hav* good luck?
How you can succeed In business?
How you oan make your home happy?
How you car. conquer your enemies?
How you ran rr.arry the one you choose?
How §ncn you will marry?
Hew you can conquer jour rival?
How you can make any one love you?
How you can mend your family troubles?
How you can remove bad influence?
How you can control any one?
How you can make _is<tiint ones think of you?
How you can settle your quarrel?
Hew you can hold your husband's love?
How you can keep your vifc'a love?
K!srr.<»re tells ell emi never ask* quf-stlons.
POME GEXIINi: TESTIMONIALS.
NO NAMES EVER PRINTED.
My husband <.air,<> l.ark through your power.
God bless you.
I secured a food position just as Professor
EHsmcrc said I wou'.d.
My rhe_mcu>ri v:*r cur?d by Profe»sor El«-
mere. He is marvelous.
You loc-ated iny hufband. lo*t many years;
nor hcrr.e.
I eo'.d my real »htate through Professor Kls-
m*>re. He's wonderful.
You reafl rr.y life wonderfully by mail; saved
me trouble.
I bought lsr.il through Profrssor Elsmere and
found m'nerals on It.
I cot married through Professor Elsmere and
I cm r*frfectly happy.
My lover r-turr.od tn nie through Profe-sor
Elsmere in eix day*.
I rot an old ssta&S In Europe through Elsmere.
I won cay suit for SSOh) thrtnigli the professor.
Oo4 bless you.
F" r prediction cam" every bit true; glad I
saw you.
Invention was ma dp a success by Profes-
Fcr Klsmere.
One visit will make him your friend.
Ninety-seven persons in every hundred come
through recommendations of othTF. whlrh
fact VTov*t h(f> merit* more than all hlgh-
frnun«Jinc advertisement*.
A FKCRET YOU SHOULD KNOW.
THE POWER TO CONTROL.
Many people are themselves conscious of
th, i>csse. c sicn of magnetic forces by which
they are able to influence or direct others, but
t!;ey also realize that they can but imperfectly
Vi«e- theee r;ar\eleus pifts. To such people
Professor Elsmere can be of untold asulstance
by dirertmjf the development and irrowth of
Tneep hidden farces, thereby enabling the po*-
*r««(>r to «o r*rfect!y control these forces that
b» enn by th«tr assistance govern the condl-
t: r r,s about them.
PROFESSOR ELSMKRH.
3 otflce-— 3_C OTarrell — 3 office-.
San Francisco.
Hours — 10 A. M. to R P. M. Open Sunday
All ocntu'.tations strictly private.
A — A— KHIRON.
GREATEST LIVING CLAIRVOYANT. AD-
VISER on business, law. love. maTiape, di-
vorce, all affairs; reunite* separated, helps
the troubled; t<*;i 6 your full name, what you
<«ll«»d for, »hnra and when you will marry.
rtads your entir* life from Infancy to old
app; frlviiiF names, dates, facts and fiRures;
"otTes youth ar.<5 lost vitality, cures dls-
'as.'s; lnw fe*. 50c. Hour* — 10 a. m. to 8
| m.. t03I Market st.
MRP. HrRR (forr n»riy Mm-. Anthony}. — le-
4ium *n-3 l!f* rt-der,' 32 Ritoh St.; ladies 25c,
r»r.t!— T!-~ti We.
MR?. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: rtttincs daily. 10S 6th St.. rooms 1-2.
MHS BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 El'ls St.
THI? M and :w- entitles you to life reading
st IS Hxth st.
E?CUTUALIS-^
1NGA THERSSE BHAGRESf. the best psychic
in the city; I have thousands of testimonials
as to my ability to rtad the future; call and
I will trlve you a trial reading of your life
fre^. lft Ewirc place, on west 6lde of La-
» ¦-. n.. between Suiter and Post: no si£n.
ALL those s:ck and suffering, take notice: I
will, commfnciiyc Monday, trpst all new pa-
tient* fr<-«- until benefited: hours 12 to 4. Di-
vine Hr-aler. 9«01 Golden Gate ave.
ARKIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
sis. famous psychic for elate writing; clair-
voyant. OfSce. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 8S7.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
l.fe reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
M. BIRD'S circle tf>-niglit. Tuesday and Thurs-
day evenings; sittings dally. 23.1 Larkin st.
TKST To-iight. LOc: clairvoyant readinirs. 25c;
horoscopes oart. Mme. EUerspicken. 142 8th.
MRP. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, lilt read-
er; cir. evgs., K»c; read, dally. 836 Mission.
C V; MILLER'S materializing Eeance to-day,
l:C0 p. m.. fl. 10«4 Bush rt.
r»KAD trsnee medium. 114 McAllister st.
MRS. CHINDLE. materializing seance Eun-
(!ay tv#., 5<V:. 22* Ellis st.
MRS. GORDON, business medium and life
reader. 132 8irth ft.
C. MAYO STEERF. trance medium. 305 Larkin,
room 49; readings 1 to S; tel. South 319.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, lti pares, sent te any address In the
C_tt«< Btates or Canada one year for Jl.
PAT.MTSTBT.
U ME DEVAS. palmirt and astrologer; Llebes
friiUc.. 13» Pott nt. Hours 10 to ft.
EDUCATXOHAX*
LEARN the profession of optometry. the sci-
ence of fitting eyeglasses: the Alpha College
of Optometry. 16*4 Market St., is a thor-
oughly practical training school for opti-
< .nr.*, fully «rquir>p«"<l with scientific instru-
ments, authorized by the £tate to confer de-
g-w* in optics: ten free scholarships; day,
»v»-ni-g and cf>rr»-spon<l«'nr« courses; highest
references; send for prospectus.
SHORTHAND— Why pay hifh prices to learn
old tedious eyjtems when you can get the
latest and best for ti and be on familiar
tf-rc&s with It In a week? Better than any
!•"• ¦¦• course; no Enacting; no ruled lines: ten
free scholarship*; r^fer» > n<"« > s, Hon. Judges
Kerrigan. Ooffey ar.d Troutt of the' Superior
< 'curt : the f'hiHT of Police, Fan Francisco.
__tX»NEr A MILLS. 15M Market st.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
schocl for university, law and medical col-
leges: refs. President Jordan or any Stanfoni
::•>!->¦ r . day. evening se»icns. Pbelan bldg.
E. R. ATRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: f 5 month: life scholarship
$M>; K>sil!ons secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
XUOOaOUSU nn<J drug habits can be over-
cotne by breathing exercises; poise is mas-
tery anil the secret of self-control is breath
control.' A 4 dregs box 4730, CaJl, Oakland.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; jwsitions guaranteed.
Hf n<l for catalogue. Native Sens' building.
A— "Single page methf^d"; no text-books; twice
the progress In artlthm^tlc. bookkeeping. short-
han«l. -tc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1281 Mkt.
ENGINEERING— Civil. *lec.. min.. mech". sur-
vey. aseay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 738 Mission.
BOOKKEEPING, Ens., math., etc; day and
«-ve. ; Individual instr. 305 Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, termer pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
CLASSES in ehort wtory writing and Journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldf.; terms verr reasonable.
YOUNG lady having had nine years f experi-
ence In teaching wishes position as kinder-
garten teacher. Box 4025, Call offlce.
MEALirS BUEINEfeS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
Established lb-3; largest in the West; send
for circulars.
UIOH School mathematics; coaching by new,
r-ufY methods; evenings and by mail. 20
Hartford «t-
HTAGE dan»-<-- that are hits comoo«*d and
taught by SAIDEK GERARD BUOBEE, 1O&3
Busn at
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand,' typing, bookkeeping; £S mo.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
'•tge. r>. Market ft. Send for caUlocue.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female—Con
A WOMAN wishes to take washing at home;
reasonable. 32* Fremont st. i
A FEW more engagements for massaging .tho
hair and complexion, or in the sick room;
phyeician'B reference. Box4487, Call offlce.
A LADY wishes to do plain sewing. 635 Val- I
lejo st. '
A LADY wishes washing. 4 Alice_st.
A COMPETENT woman would like general
housework; Is a good plain cook. Box 477_,
Call offlce. .
POSITION by young woman as demonstrator
for good firm. Box 4521, Call.
WANTED— A position aa cash girl. Address
2 Morria ave.
A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a few
i more customers at home; flrst-class work,
| at reasonable prices; plenty of work to see.
547 Myrtle ave.: phone Scott 995.
WOMAN cf mature years, refined; position as
working housekeeper desired. Box 4777, Call.
A RELIABLE woman wishes work in the
morning, or would help with invalid and
do mending. MRS. WRIGHT, 207 Eddy »t.
JAPANESE, young (rtrl, wants position to
do housework and wait at table; good
wages; room out. Call at 32014 O'Farrell st.
A 0SOOD woman, understands her work, wants
houseclf&nlng by day. Address box 4779,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman with small
child; permanent place as cook In country.
570 Harrison at.
A YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter
deslree position at office work;, good refer-
ences. $6 week. Box 4489, Call offlce.
WANTED— Laundry or sweeping; $1 60 a day.
Call or address MRS. K., 864^ Mission st.
near Fifth.
A WOMAN would like to <Jo washing at home.
Call 724 Minna st.
A LADY wants work by the day $1, car fare;
reference if needed; can do housework. Box
4MO. Call offlce.
WANTED— By experienced milliner, work at
home or will visit ladles' home. Address
Milliner, 362 Third st
A REFINED, educated American lady wishes
position as housekeeper; best references. 1C0
Belvedere st
WOMAN wants housework by day. Box 4740,
Call offlce.
POSITION as housekeeper. In apartment-house,
swell rooming-house or up-to-date hotel,
where experience and tact are required, by
refined, educated young lady. Box 4492,
Call office.
YOUNG woman wants work by day: quick
worker; good laundress. Box 4495, Call.
WANTED — A position by a thoroughly com-
petent peamstress and upstairs girl; no ob-
jection to country; references; wages $25 to
$30. Box 4497. Call offlce.
( THOROUGHLY reliable woman wants place
of trust or work by the day. 462^ Tehama.
LADY wishes housework and washing by the
day; also would like to take work at home.
8.">A Converse st., off Bryant, between
Eighth and Ninth.
' WANTED — Children's sewing and dolls to
dress, GS2 Linden ave.
' COMPETENT dressmaker wishes sewing In
family; splendid fitter. Box 1608, 1008 Mar-
ket st.
1 SCIENTIFIC massage by a graduate of the
"Weir Mitchell method; sprains, fractures and
dislocations a specialty; references if de-
sired. Box 4785, Call.
GOOD seamstress would like to get sewing In
families. 231 Eleventh st.
S FRENCH woman wishes to work" by the day;
any light work. Call or address E. B.,
1424*4 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper would like posi-
tion. 2157 Addison st. Berkeley.
NORTH German governess would like to take
care of children; plain sewing; make herself
useful; terms reasonable; references; city or
short distance in country. Box 4522, Call.
GOOD Japanese girl wants a position at plain
cooking or housework. K. I., 1S06 Stock-
i ton st
! ¦ I,,
A GERMAN girl wants position as nurse for
child 3 years or over: speaks perfect Ger-
man and English: plain sewing; wages $25.
Box 4443. Call.
; , :
1 EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer and
typewriter desires position with some reliable
firm; law! work preferred; salary moderate.
Box 4454, Call. '
A GERMAN woman wants to do washing,
house-cleaning and Ironing by the day.
Pleas? call 280 Harriet St., between Har-
rison and Bryant. ."
REFINED younRr woman wishes situation as
housekeeper, nmall family, or tend children.
Address 2512 Railroad ave.. Alameda. ¦ -vrv-
RESPECTABLE girl wishes general house-
work; small wart; city or country. 612A
¦ Octavla St., near McAllister.
DRESSMAKER, flrst-class references; street
and evening gowns; by the day. Box 4727,
Call offlce.
A YOUNG girl wishes a place to do light
housework and to care for baby. Box 4877,
Call offlce.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 50; dresses altered; perfect
fit guaranteed. Box 4440, Call. .: .'
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situa-
tion; housework and cooking; wages $25.
65114 Minna st, near Seventh.
A JEWISH girl wishes position as cook In
Jewish family. Call 22S Seventh st
GFRMAN lady wants position as housekeeper.
Box 4442. Call offlce.
COOK and second girl would like to work to-
gether In a family: city or country. Address
916 Grove st, Oakland.
WETNURPE wants place; references. MRS.
B.. 1405B Pacific St.
HONEST Japanese girl wants a situation; plain
cooking and light housework. K. A., 1S06
Stockton st.
JAPANESE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral hourework and plain cooking In small
family; $5 or $6 a week. 1225 Fulton st.
JAPANESE girl wants position; general house-
work and helping to cook In a small family.
N. H.. 292 O'Farrell st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister et.
EMPLOYMENT WAZTTED — HALE.
PRINTER, all-round Job compositor, desires
position in city or country. Address box
4445. Call.
BOY 15 wants situation. 1419% Mission st
SITUATION wanted In offlce. a! J_7i B06
Bush st ¦
YOUNG man wants night work. 289 Fell st
YOUNG boy wlshen place In wholesale house. I
Call or address 589 Haight st.
YOUNG boy wishes any kind of work or to
learn trade. Call or address 689 Haight St.
STRONG young man wants any kind of work.
1185 Market st. Jewelry store^
YOUNG man wants to .. learn watchmaking.
1615 Poet st. ¦
WANTED — By an experienced draughtsman
a position in a local architect's offlce; ref-
erences and bonds furnished . if required.
Addrees box 8338, Call offlce.
YOUNG man want* position, offlce work or
collector; best of references. ¦ J.- C. ¦ SNY-
DER. 448 Presidio ave. ¦' -
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes work by day.
Box 4419. Call office^
BOY wants a situation In a store. 1419 Vi
Mission st
EXPERIENCED hardware salesman wishes
position to travel in northern part of the
State. Box 4432, Call offlce.
POSITION as polisher. Box 4453, ; Call office.
YOUNG man well educated, accurate and re-
liable, with knowledge of bookkeeping and
business experience, wants position; ; refer-
ences. Box 4447, Call. " ¦
BARBER wishes work on Saturday. 637 Eddy
.street . >
WANTED— A position as . bartender. Address
box 4446. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED — Position by a first-class Iron, steel
and brass chipper. 217 Clara st, mornings.
CARPENTER will do work by tho day or con-
tract 738 Vallejo st
BOY would like to learn plumber's trade. DAN
RACIK, 256 Natoma Et.
BY a strong boy to drive wagon. 672 Noe st.
DREDGING engineer wants position.' construc-
tion or running dredger. Box 4876, Call.
WANTED— Work by a flrst-class painter,
paperbanger and tlnter; city or country.
Box 4460. Call ofnc-.
RENT $18; modern flat 5 large, sunny rooms,
bath, large conservatory; nicely furnished;
J2S5: worth dcuble. Call Sunday. 10 to 4.
flat B, 1322 Valencia st.; no dealers. _>?:
$500— A SUNNY well-furnished corner flat;
9 rooms; cost $750; rent $45; good Income
above rent. 624 Taylor st.. corner Sutter;
Call 2 to 5 p. m.
NICELY furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath:
all outside, sunny rooms; cheap; parties
going East. 1083 Turk st.
FOR sale — New S-room flat; nicely furnished:
a great bargain; owner leaving town. Apply
W9 Bush st.
FURNITURE of 5- room flat, complete; cheap;
rent $16. 1714 Harrison st.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat; cheap. 323
Jones «t.
FOR sale — Furnished flat; 7 room* and bath;
cheap. 9S6 Post st. ' .
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale; top flat;
gas; rent reasonable. 544 Jessie st.
FUBNITUBE WANTED.
Tabe levy. -———.
! Salesroom. .11.15 Market st. Tel. Jeseie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture,- etc., until you get his estimate.
I WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc, 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4463.
nj-t-TlTUKE FOB BAXiE.
OFFICE furniture for sale, cheap — Contents of
three offices, consisting of typewriting desk.
Remington machine, three tables, book-
cases, filing cabinet and chairs, all in use
less than one year a*nd in first-class condl-
. tion. Call at 421-423 Montgomery st.
TO sell cheap: a walnut double bed and mat-
tresses; in fine condition: or exchange for
_ folding bed. 3924 California st.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 813
4-ROOM apartment, newly furnished; modern;
central; aprtnt. 720. The Iroquois, 524 Ellis.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms. $125; must sell; as
a whole or In parts. 115 Jones st. - -•---*-• -
A WOMAN or girl for' Arizona; must assist
with children and make her-elf generally
useful: party to be seen in San Francisco.
Call after 9 Monday at MISS PLUNKETTS.
425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A COOK for a small family In city, $35; must
assist with plain washing.
A nurse with some little experience for an
Institution, $25.
A cook and second girl for private family
In Benlcia. 130 and $20.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
A GERMAN girl to assist In the care of grown
children. $30; also a French nurse who un-
derstands the care of children. $30.
A capable young Catholic woman to care
for children, $30.
A waitress for a restaurant, city. $7 week.
A waitress for a commercial hotel In coun-
try, $25, board and room.
A Protestant second girl for San Jose, $3O;
a young, strong second girl for Oakland, $25.
see lady hero Monday.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st,. nr. Powell.
S COOKS, city and country $30
Cook, hotel, Shasta County $40
Chambermaid and waiting, country $25
Waitress, hotel, country, fare paid $20
Second girl and nurse, German only....$2O
Becond butler, city J40 ;
First -class seamstress, Los Angeles $12
Waist finisher, Los Angeles $8
Chambermaid and waitress, city $25
Seamstress for an Institution « $20
Cook on & ranch., $20
Man and wife for a dairy $50
A large number of house girls on Monday.
$20-$25-$30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT _fc CO., 334 Sutter.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD COM-
PANY (Inc.) Phone Main 5046.
8 girls to stem and pit cherries, $1 day.
Young lady do housework, 2 In family, $25,
room and board.
Girl, housework. 2 In family, $20.
Stenographer. $75.
Girls to do burnt leather work. $12 week.
Many other good positions) open. Call at of-
flce.
Offlce open Sunday from 9 a. m. until 3 p. m.
New Demokrat bldg.. 51 3d St., rooms 9-10.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT AND OVERALL OP-
ERATORS AND A LIMITED NUMBER TO >
LEARN. STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER !
GOUUH AND GROVE STS.'
A— WANTED— Girls ,to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now; i
three positions to flll Immediately; positions
guaranteed -at S10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions aa
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches nalrdressing,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours"
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices, 133 Powell st.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free. Enclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co., 8 12 Ninth St., Philadelphia. Pa-,
NEWMAN AND LEVINSON
Require thoroughly experienced salesladies
for their Ladies' Muslin Underwear Dept.
Liberal experience absolutely necessary.
Apply Tuesday. Superintendent's Offlce.
LADIES, we will teach barber trade free to 6
more ladles and pay them $10 each for first 8
weeks; call or write. JNO. A. MOLER'S
Barber College (correct number), 644 Clay st.
LADIES— $7 tf» $10 weekly doing plain sewing
home; material free; stamped addressed en-
velope brings particulars. Union Co., 1215
Filbert St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
LADIES to do piecework home: we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope tc Royal Co., 34 East Mon-
roe et., Chicago. ; •;
8TEADY woman to work for family of three
In country; small wash; wages $15. Address
box 93. Centerville. Alameda Co.. Cal.
INTELLIGENT lady canvassers, fluent and
convincing - talkers; easy seller; big money.
Call MRS. BARRON. 1680 Mission, nr. 13th.
LADIES having embroideries, drawnwork, Bat-
tenberg, to sell; alao to do order work. Ad-
dress Ladies Exchange, 34 Monroe. Chicago^
COOK and general housework; n nail family;
$30. Call mornings. 123« Sherman St.. Ala-
meda; Morton station, narrow gauge.
LADIES — Earn $10 weekly copying letters
home. Address for particulars National Dis-
tributing Company, Albion, Mich.
LADIES— $30 thousand copying letters; > no
mailing to friends or furnishing addresses.
Gem Art Co.. dept. 301, Chicago.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 10O writing short let-
ters; stamped envelope for particulars. Ideal
Mfg. Co.. Cassopolls. Mich. . -..-<¦:.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Market
street,
EXPERIENCED saleslady In ribbons, veil-
ings and neckwear. GREENBERG &
GREENBERG. SI to 37 Grant ave.
LADIES for steady home employment: $S to
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.. room 618.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 656 Mis-
slcn st.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay. «5« Mission St.. third floor.
WANTED — Every girl who sings to try CHIC-
LETS for her voice. ¦ •
GIRL wanted take care of baby and light
housework. 1114 Buchanan st.
WOMAN accustomed to handling country
trade. Box 4474, Call offlce.
OPERATORS and button-hole maker; work by
¦ power. 1623 Mission st.
WANTED— Japanese nurse. Call at saloon,
03 Third street.
A GOOD German girl to help with light house-
work. Apply at 1005 Buchanan st.
FIRST-CLASS flntrher on pants; steady work.
1O4 Kearny St.. top floor.
SIX clever children fcr singing and dancing;
novelty act 525 Turk st.. room 3.
WANTED — Bookkeeper and typewriter; . send I
answer with full particulars. Box 4755. CalL I
YOUNG jflrl with some experience to fold.
EDWARD KNOWLES CO.. 24 Second st.
GIRL wanted for dressmaking. 1235 Folsom
street
MILLINERY apprentices wanted. BUTLER,
I SCHUTZ A CO.. 723 Mark-t st
1 EPPCATIOITAI.— Continued. |
PRIVATE lessons in telegraphy: rapid suc-
cess assured to students. 240 Scott, near
Haight. ;:--./ ¦¦'.'
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN, 1155 Larkin. gives thor-
ough, successful Instruction In piano and vocal.
SPANISH for business, dally lessons, $1 a
week; 4 to 9 p. m. Room 42, Parrott bldg.
SPANISH <?:.-> fsrs and private; 5th successful
year of teaching. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
KENT Law School; day and night; send for
particulars. 636 Parrott building. .,%•:'
EPANISH,French,etc.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
j of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1S71; ablest profs.
i GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
mandolin club. $1 per month. 828 Haight st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr.' Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor*ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. O. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight;
individual lnstruc. ; all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave., S. T.; 75-page catalog on request.
CHEAPKST and~best In Ameri .-a— The Weekly
Call 1ft purrs, sent to any address In the
Vnlt'ed States or Canada one year for ti.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
•upplies t-est help promptly; city or country. !
B. IMi'ItA, S38 Sacramento. Tel.Jan-.es 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell «t.; tel. Main 5752. j
JAPANESE-Chlnene Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
t*it help. Frtte Tamagakl.mgr. Tfl.Bush 859. I
' CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at ,
! L-on Seung's, 4U',4 OFarrell; tel. East 426. •
I —_____________——_————_———————_———«__-__-—-_-_--_—-——- ,
' RKLIABLK Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5168. I
! CHINESE and Japanese help; ectab. 20 years, j
j Tel. Mam 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay, j
I jCMPMTMEMrT_JW^NTOD-_FEMAI ; E 1 j
• A SWEDIPH waitress with superior references
wants a place as parlormaid and waitress;
also a capable Danish housemaid, with best
of references from her last place, wantv a
situation. Call or address MISS PLUNK- ,
ETT, 423 Sutter st. Phone Main 5472. ;
i AN English girl, young, good references, ivante
a thuation to care for children: town or ;
country. Address MISS K. PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter «t., near Powell. ]
A GERMAN nurse, with best of city references,
wants a situation to care for infants, or
children somewhat grown. Call or address
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
! WOMAN wishes employment at housework by
the day, half day or hour; $1 per day. Box
4156, Call.^ .
j DRESSMAKER wants sewing to do at home.
1620 Castro St.
' WOMAN wants work by the day. 1377 Eddy
street. _^
' WANTED — Position in hotel linen room. Box
4121, Call office.^
! WOMAN wants pofltlon as nurse. 1377 Eddy
street.
i A CAPABLE elderly lady wishes to take
charge of grown children: no objection to
country; German Instruction if desired. Box
4720, CaJU
WOMAN wants work by the day. 561 Jessie
street.
WANTED — Position to do plain sewing. Box
| 44S0. Call.
' AN experienced woman would like work of
any kind by the day; $1 60 a day; from 8
to 5. 737% Howard st. ; call 3 days.
i WANTED — To take gentlemen's laundry by
competent person; flannels washed with care.
Please call 3275 Harrison st.
, SWISS girl wishes work by the day or month:
no Sundays or evenings; work Is clean and
neat. Call M. B.. 1052 Pout -t.
i COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con.
hnements. Invalids; cheerful, painstaking, re-
liable- references; moderate terms. MRS.
KING. 1159 Turk et.
I A YOUNG lady would like to take care of a
i small rooming-house; experiment. Call at
; 1103 Mission st.
I WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 8H
Salnufc et.. oft* Pacific, near Taylor.
: GERMAN' governess wishes country position;
thorough musician: experienced teacher;
I j'iano, plnjdnjr. German and English branches.
literature. Miss Wagner. P. O., Frultvale.
I ¦ ¦ i
; A YOUNG married lady would like to learn
to play piano. Box 4478, Call.
i BY refined middle-agcd woman, working house-
keeper for widower; good cook. Box 4465,
! Call office. V> !
i DRESSMAKER, experienced, excellent cutter
and fitter, would like a few more engage-
ments by the day; terms reasonable. Box
4464. Call offlce.
WANTED— Plain sewing. 528 Jescie st.
i A WOMAN with large family wants washing
or f.-winK to take home. 15 Germania ave.
¦ CONTRALTO einger wishes position in church
choir. Box 60, 305 Larkin st.
I COMPETENT woman wants housework by the
day; washing, ironing, etc. 41 11th st.
i A YOUNG srlrl would like to do housework.
506 Union »t.
( A YOUNG girl wants position to do house-
work. Box 4483. Call offlce.
! A WOMAN wants work by the day, $1 50.
i 493 Shipley rt. ¦
STENOGRAPHER, thoroughly competent. 4
years' experience In large commercial house, i
desires to change position; understands book. !
keeping. Box 473«. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day.
2023 Mission st.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home. Box
4735, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by young colored woman
to assist in housework or work by the day.
Call at 16 Stockton place. .:,:
i WANTED — Situation as seamstress. Address
G. H. L.. box 4728, Call office.
WANTED — Plain sewing to take home or go
out by the day. H. A.. 310 Eleventh st.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wants posi-
tion in private family; cooking and house-
work. 1024 Howard st.
A RELIABLE woman will care for tnvalld or
elderly person; Is good reader and corre-
spondent; patient and cheerful. Mrs. Smith,
8 Pine place, off Pine St., near Mason.
EXPERIENCED fitter and desljrnpr wants
work by the day In families; rapid worker;
street and bouse dresses. DUNEAN, • box
38, 305 Larkin street.
11.* N and wife want work on ranch; can take
full chan re of same; best of references. Box
4600. Call office.
! LADY wishes work by the day; plain sewing
I and mending. MRS. McDONALD. 815H
j Natoma Et.
! FIR£T-CLA£S eewer would like sewing by the
'¦¦ day or at home or will take a Dlace as
1 n-amnrcss in private family. Address 2
Perlne place; phone Scott 1324.
A YOUNG woman would like washing and
> mending to take home. 71.JV/ Minna st.
I DRESHMAKER. thoroughly experienced in all
branches, also children's clothes; $1 60 per
I day: private families. O. L., care of oOO
I Castro st.
I REFINED, experienced child's nurse wishes to
take charge of Child past 2 years; ' Santa
1 Barbara or country preferred. Address M.
; A. C., 714% Larkin «t.
COMPETENT woman desires cooking and
i downstair work in American family. 219
! Hayes St., near Franklin.
GIUL would like place ae saleslady in store
• Call 24 Wetmore st.
WOMAN wishes work; dressmaking or plain
sowing. 92tf Washington .st.
A LADY wants plain sewing to do at home
Room 17, 173 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED i and reliable young lady
would like position aa saleslady In dry-
goods store. Box 4526, Call offlce.
A WOMAN wanU work by the day; washing,
ironing and boueecleaning; $1 fiO and carfare
Box 4773. Call offlce.
A LADY wishes position as housekeeper. Box
4C26. Call office.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Pajce 7931.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po-
sition as cook or housework in a small fam-
lly; city or Alameda. Box 4493, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position in hotel linen room. Box
497B. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position «*• housekeeper in hotel.
Box 4775. Call oyce.
WANTED— By a young girl, a position In a
dry goods etore as saleslady or wrapper; no
experience; email salary. H. M., 362 Third.
IMPLOYBTEBT WASTED — Mala— Con.
YOUNG man wishes Position as gatekeeper;
racetrack. Box 4878. -Call.
WANTED — Job In hardware store after school
and Saturdays by boy. Box 4466, CalL
WANTED — Work in afternoon. Box 4469,
Call of flee. S_. . - :
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work. Box 4102, Call.
YOUNG man, cood worker, steady, reliable
and temperate; anything where he can ad-
vance;: reasonable wages. Box 4714, Call
offlce. Oakland. -^
MIDDLE-AGED man wants place: private
family; good all-round man; gardening,
cooking; reference; wages moderate; used to
horwei. Box 4715. Call offlce. *
WANTED — Position or superintendent of saw-
mill; be«t of reference. Address box 4662,
Call offlce. San Jose.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants position for even-
ings, Saturday and Sunday. Box 4737, Call.
BOY wants work of any kind; no night work.
Box 4473. Call offlce. ' .
BOY wishes a position as errand boy. Box
4475, Call office. -
CARPENTER wants work by Job; first-class;
non-union. Box 4739, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position as porter. Box
4733, Call offlce.
A GOOD stage man, who knows his business;
painting or cementing; will run a gang. 'Ad-
dress Elliott Murphy, 711 Grafton ave.
YOUNG man. willing to work, best of refer-
ences, wants position, . either as salesman or
collector In a mercantile house. Box 4472,
. Call office. .
BOY wants Doeltion In an offlce. Box 472tS,
Call offlce. '>¦ V
A COMPETENT bookkeeper want- a ponltlon;
good city references. Box 4721, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position as hardware
clerk. Apply 1532. Eddy st.
WOULD like position of any kind, where a
knowledge of offlce work and willingness
to work is wanted: am 34 years old: have
Eastern references. Box, 4722, Call offlce.
A BOY warti a position aa errand boy. Box
4723, Call offlce. '
WANTED— Position as -errand boy. Box
4C53. Call offlce. . '
A YOUNG man, sober, reliable, capable, of
good address, references, wishes position as
traveling salesman; any line except cigars,
liquors. Box 4741. Call office.
A YOUNG boy wishes a position as an errand
boy. Inquire box 44S4. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man. married, wishes a position as
a clerk In a grocery and tend bar or
drive wacon. Box 4498, Call offlce.
WANTED— Steady position by first-class
watchmaker and Jeweler; Northwestern Cal.
preferred. Box 4499, Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLAES upholsterer and carpet layer
will work by the day or piece. 927 Eddy
St.; phone Larkin 3094.
YOUNG German, steady, honest and Industri-
ous, desires position at anything; best refer-
ences. Bex 4758, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and salesman, 24, understands
stenography and typewriting, wants position,
city or country; can furnish cash bond. Box
4759, Call offlce. ; ; ;'. v
WANTED — German boy - would like place as
¦ porter. Box 4528. Call offlce.
PAINTER, paper hanger and tlnter; has tools.
Address Painter, 1620 Eddy; phone Scott 1S48.
CARPENTER desires work; contract or other-
wise. 2027 Taylor st.
YOUNG man, married, desires position where
sober, reliable man is wanted as driver, col-
lector or assistant bookkeeper, or anything.
Address box 4778. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS young Japanese cook , wants
steady work In a nice family, city or.coun-
try. I. SAKI, 640 Pine st.
A MARRIED man, aged 44, good health and
habits, rapid and accurate with figures, prac-
tical executive ability for in and outdoor du-
ties acquainted with shipping and mercantile
business, can furnish city references from
last employer and cash security, desires a
situation regardless of location. Box 4527,
Call offlce.
A STRONG young man wishes situation as
porter or drive wagon: not afraid of hard
work. Address C. A., 741 Tehama st. V": T'
NON-UNION blacksmith with Al recommenda-
tions wants work with responslbile parties.
1626 Russell St., Berkeley. _ .. ; .". .-.-•r.-
YOUNG man wishes a position in a private
family or private stable; understands ;the
care of fine horses: can give best references.
Address box 1498, Call offlce, Oakland.
CARPENTER, non-union man, wants work: a
good finisher; wages reasonable. Address
• box 1196 Call office,- Oakland.
A STEADY young man. 24. wants position
driving wagon; experience and reference.
Address C. P. W.. 2 Hayward st.
MACHINISTS' helper wants position in a gas
engine machine works to learn the trade: 7
years' shop experience. Box 451W, Call.
POSITION— First-class cellar man. 308 Sut-
ter st. ;
COOK 25 years' experience, all-round, wants
small hotel, etc. H., 619 Pacific st.
AN all-round candy maker wishes position.
Box 4745. Call.
WANTED — A position as bartender. 8.
WOLF. 36 Fourth Bt.
AN American unable to do heavy work Is
anxious for employment. Address Associated
Charities, 628 Montgomery et.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes work of any kind
around private place; handy, all-around
man; small wages; object, good home. Box
1499, Call offlce, Oakland.
A COLORED man wants work as houseman;
.can-do plain cooking; can drive team; has
references. W. CHOCLATE. 18 Seventh St.,
room 19.
A RELIABLE middle-aged man wants situa-
tion as man about place; is honest and Indus-
trious. Call or adddress JOHN BAKER, 058
Mission st.
POSITION to do paperhanglng and painting
by day or contract. Address 1185 Market et.
WANTED — Place as harnessmaker. Box 4636,
Call offlce. ¦ " ¦
BOOKKEEPER and cashier desires position
with a reliable firm; or will write up sets
of books. Box 4767. Call offlce. •
FIRST-CLASS engineer wants steady position.
Box 4532, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by boy of 14; can use
typewriter; Is learning shorthand. Box 4485,
Call offlce.
DRUG relief clerk desires position. Address
box 4491. Call offlce.
A TOUNO ' boy wishes a position where be
may advance himself. Box 4496, Call - office..
A NEAT, willing young German wants a po-
sition as waiter or help In bar; willing to do
anything. Box 4764, Call.
GERMAN, 40 years old, married, wants posi-
tion as plain bartender: not afraid of work.
Box 4731, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 4757,
Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN of good address wishes engage-
ment with nrm as traveler or collector; good
references as to character; cash bond jf re-
quired. Address J. M. ALVARES, ' 781
Ellis St.. city. ¦...-¦.- ;
A NORWEGIAN, age 34^ sober, reliable and
well recommended, desires a position as
tally clerk, : watchman, or any- position of
trust; has experience in lumber trade and
ehlpplng, and is a. all-around' handy man;
• a steady position preferred; 6 years In last
place. Box 4444, Call offlce. ¦
AA — A "FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger,
. tinter and gralner desires work by the day or
. Job; first-class work. guaranteed; good work
very reasonably done. Address 1454 Devisa-
dero st.
AA— A COACHMAN wishes a position; under-
stands gardening, milking; handy with tools;
good horseman and driver; best of references.
Box 4463, Call. . ¦ . ¦ »
A NEAT, willing German. handy In most
anything, good driver, knows city well,
wants immediate employment at living
wages. Box 4441. Call offlce.
A GARDNER, competent man In all branches,
young and energetic, wishes position in prl-
, vata place or otherwise. Box 2202, Call
branch t of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
______ ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ; i —
GROCERY 1 and bar clerk wants- position: 10
years' experience. : Addrees t F. E. M., 867B
¦ Howard xt. .
POSITION by man and wife to do Janitor
work in offlce building, store or lodgerooms;
references If' required. Box 4417, Call office.
SITUATION wanted — Estimator, draughtsman;
practical mill man; well up and experienced.
Address box 445S. Call.
WANTED — A situation as cook:' Is also a good
/baker. 14 V4 Bernard »t., off Taylor,
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman: references. I.B.. 756 Folsom st.
ffi-IiP WAITTEP— yCMA--E~Conttnned.
EXPERIENCED free hand burner on leathlr;
bring samples. LORD'S. 307 Kearny st.
GIRL to learn typesetting; advanced to first
place; $4 week at start. 516 Commercial st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, worklnsr housekeeper
care 2 children. T. Murphy. 3_TJA Tehama.
WANTED — Operators and finishers on pants;
good wages. 1142 Howard st.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work: refer-
ences. 2311 Broadway; apply until noon.
WANTED — Young girls 1 to work In studio. Ad-
dress box 4748, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS trousers finisher: steady work;
references required. Address box 4717. Call.
A HOUSEKEEPER wanted; good home; small
pay. Box 4782; CalL,
WANTED — Young woman who is aa experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between ft
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. 1
OPERATORS — First-class operators on coats,
etc. CLABROUGH. GOLCHER -t CO.. 21
Second st. ¦ . ~'~.7 ¦
GIRL or young woman for cooking and light
housework; small family. 1791 McAlUlster st.
STEADY girl to assist in bakery. Corner
Union and Mason sts.
WANTED — Ladles to learn barber trade: only
8 weeks required: hairdresslng and manicur-
ing taught In four weeks. MOLER BAR-
BER COLLEGE. 649 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Ladles to do piece work at home;
steady employment: good pay; experience un-
necessary. Call Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927
Market St.. room 401.
GIRL to assist In hou*«work ; must be good
cook: wages ?2O. 3824 Army st.
HEI.P WA.TTEI>— MAI.E.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
806 Market st.. room 325, fifth floor.
Office Closed on Sunday.
Bookkeeper's as&istact $15 to $23 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store KI5 week
Bill and entry clerk 415 weelc
Drug clerk. $12 wee'.t
Checker $15 week
Timekeepers $15 week
Accountant $13 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $13 week
Two shipping clerks 115 week
General office work $15 week
Hank clerk (bond required) $25 week
Ycunpr man, learn dentistry $10 we«_
SOti Market st., room. SZi, fifth floor.
AT NAT. EMPLOYES' RECORD CO. (Inc.).
Phone Main 5044.
Advertising solicitor. $123.
Printers' salesman. $10 week and commis'n.
Driver. J8 week and commission.
Drummer, hosiery and underwear, this State.
good salary; exjwnses advanced.
3 porters with knowledge of offlc* work, $10
week.
Alaska placer miners only a few mere
wanted. $30 day.
Coupon salesmen, $4 day.
Salesmen, bonds and stocks, good salary.
Many other good positions open; call at
ofnc*.
Of flea open Sunday from 9 a. m. until 3 p.m.
New Demokrat bldg.. 51 Third st., r. ft- 10.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 4C9 Bush st
Office open to-day (Sunday) 10 to 12.
25 laborers and teamsters, State of Nevada,
$'- 50.
Call to-day Ship Monday
Paatry cook, helper on range, hotel, city. $«O.
Butcher, no slaughtering, country hotel, $33
and found; must bring own blankets;
Experienced butter and ess outside sales-
man; $50 mentb and commission.
Bread and cake baker, country shop, $15 wk.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 4-0 Bush st.
(Otwn Sunday 10 to 12.) ¦
AT HORD & SMITH 1 S.
Contractors" Agents. 95 Third st.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
BIG COMPANY.
$3 50.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
Carpenter, city, $3 50.
Teamster, bay shore. $2.
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.
Phone James 5576. «12 Merchant st.
Want a flrst-class saw flier and hammerer for
large manufacturing company.
One flrst-class plumber, $4, 8 hours, steady
to good man.
One good paperhanger and painter. $3 50.
2 carpenters, $3 50. 8 hours, country-
8 single band miners. $3 per day of 8 hours.
long Job. ship to-day.
One harness washer, city, $80.
A SECOND butler for a good, steady place in
city, $40; referencea. Call Monday at MISS
PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
GOVERNMENT positions — More than 15.000
appointments last year; chances better than
ever: thousands we have prepared have been
appointed. Write for circular J-l. giving list
of positions, salaries, examination-, sample
questions, etc.. to National Correspcndenc«
Institute, P&clflc Coast Office, 027 Market
at.. San Francisco. Cal.
MEN — The original JNO. A. MOLER hu
opened one of his famous barber colleges at
644 Clay St.; trade taught in 8 weeks: tuition
earned while learning; constant practice; en-
pert instructions; positions guaranteed. Call
or write (correct number) 644 Clay st.
OFFICE man for manufacturing company for
Pacific Coast: will net $4000 a year: $50©
cash and reference required. MANAGER
HUGHES. 381 Wabash ave.. Chicago. 111.
NATIVE SONS. ATTENTION— WE WANT
. IMMEDIATELY HIGH-GRADE SALES-
MEN TO WORK; CITY TRADE: NO
OTHERS NEED APPLY. CALL ROOM
225. PARROTT BUILDING.
WANTED — Salesman. men's famishing de-
partment; one who has had experience In
that line; no others need apply. Call a» S.
N. WOOD'S. 740 Market st.
YOUNG men everywhere!, copy letters horns
evenings ; $9 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 12.
Box 1411. Philadelphia.. Pa.
ANDRE'S of flee. 317 Stockton st. — 2 second
butlers wtth references, $30 to $40; man for
private place. $35; utility man for hotel. $20
and found; dishwasher, $25. and others.
MEN and women to learn th«» barber trade;
it won't cost you on« cent: w* teach you
free at HAIGHTS BARBER SCHOOL. 611
Commercial »t.
WE want a married man. not over 23, to
travel; with other qualifications hs mart
1 neither smoke nor drink; salary and ex-
penses. Box 4470, Call office. *
$200— BARBER shop for sale; 2 chain: cen-
trally located In a popular resort on th«
coast. Address J. GOETZ. Pacific Gro>-«.
Monterey Cow. Cal.
WANTED — Toting man as working bookkeep-
er In carpenter shop. 3373 Eighteenth st..
near Mission.
WANTED— Boy from 18 to IS years of ¦««
to learn the dry goods business. Apply b«-
tween 0 and 11 a, m. at HALE BROS'.
AN experienced camera salesman wanted. Ad-
dress, statins' age, expertenca, salary, r«f-
erences. box 476S. Call office.
WOOD carvers to study modeling. BIGGS-
THANEL INST.. J st. and 47th av«. : Mon-
day, Wednesday and Friday evenings.
TAILORS — A good . sjemeraJ tailor wanted for
the country. Arnntein. Simon & Co., Mar-
ket and Second sts.. San Francisco.
HONEST man. full chair* clirar stand. $-0
week. Apply 10 to 12 and 1 to 2. Sunday,
1200 Market St., room 5.
GOOD finisher, cemer.. work; steady work;
good wages. 1937 Alcatraz ave., Lorin.
Berkeley.
WANTED — Salesman to solicit the trade on a
ready selling specialty. Address box 4477.
Call office.
WANTED— Every | golfer to chew CHICLETS
on the links.
DETECTIVES — Shrewd men everywh^r*. Tralm-
Ins Dept.. U. S. Detective Agcy.. Milwaukee.
WANTED — Boy. 9 Montgomery st.
DRUG clerk for relief work; forenoon onlyi
state wa.es. Box 4320. Call office.
WANTED — An outside salesman by a whole-
sale house. Box 4770, Call offlce. -
FIRST-CLASS Jewelry engraver wanted;
steady position. . Call 906 Market St.
WANTED— Experienced cigar salesman, with
established trade; salary. Box 4743, Call.
WANTED — Boy about lfl to assist hi rrocery
• " store. Apply 1555 Devlsadero st.
COATMAKER wanted; steady work. 3056
Twenty-fourth st. . .
WANTED — Man to learn & good paying trade.
Apply 115 Jones st.
ERRAND boy wanted. P. CKNTIMERI &
CO., 109 Grant ave.
ONE man to learn the barber trade, absolutely
free of charge. 751 Mission st.
WANTED— Man cook for dainty lunches.
Apply 470 Ellis st.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pace Forty-Six
! EMPSOY-CTirr WA-TTEP— Mala— Con.
RELIABLE man, thoroughly experienced in
wine and liquor business, cellar and store.
wishes position. H. ENGEL. 3S7 Turk St.
STRONG young man. 29 years of age, and
wife, with 2-year-old boy, would like steady
employment; man is good all-round farmer;
wife will do cooking and housework. Ad-
dress A. HURYCH, 19% Moss st.. between
Sixth and Seventh.
A YOUNG man wants situation as grocery
man or grocery and tend bar: 6 years' expe-
rience; wages no object. Address box 4433,
Call office. - '
A JAPANESE wants to wash dishes every
night. GUI, 1410 Pine st..- San Francisco;
phone Hyde 171. **
JAPANESE boy wants a situation to do work
as a laundryman In family, city or coun-
try. NAKA. 18 St. Mary's st.
JAPANESE couple wish positions, man good
! cook, wife waiter and housework, in city, or
country; wages $50 per month. 467 Hayes
st. K. SHOJI.
JAPANESE, a well-educated youth, want.
any kind of position; can cook well; $5 up.
HENRY K.. 403 Dupont st.
JAPANESE, . young boy, wants a position to do
housework or make beds; has good experi-
ence SUGUKI. Cll Bush st.; phons Black
0034'.
AN honest Japanese, flrst-class cook, wants
position In family; experience, 10 years;
wages $8 week; haa references. HARRY,
1 Central place.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation In a
nlc« family: waits at table. HARRY
KAGAWA. 316 Kearny st. -
JAPANESE man and wife wish positions for
. house or garden work In city or country;
references. 621 Jessie st.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school-
boy. ITO, Japanese Mission, 1304 Post St.;
phone Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy or housework. S. FAGAYA. 1303 Polk
st. ; tel. Larkin 482.
JAPANESE cook and wife want positions;
wife to do waiting on table. MIRIKITANI.
405 Jessie st.
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants a situation as
a schoolboy. WILLIAM XAITO. 812 Bush.
A JAPANESE, experienced cook, wants posi-
tion, housework. G. Y.,20 Lewis place.
A CHINESE cook would like a position In a
flrst-class hotel. 1110 Stockton st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EXCHANGE.
WILL do painting or papering for shotgun.
W. E. PARKER. 1425 Willow st.. Alameda.
KODAK wanted In exchange for commercial
graphophone. Box 4734, Call office.
rUTAlfOIAXr.
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (INC.)
1172 Broadway, Cor. 14th St..
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 S8
Issues .
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
Office — No. 14 Sansome street,
San Francisco, Cal. ' / ¦
HAVE you a business and need capital? We
incorporate and promote your tbuslness. CON-
SOLIDATED AUDITING CO.. 300 Mills big.
WAITED— To purchase Realty Syndicate cer-
tificates MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-103 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed;' mining or patents: stock
sold: strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Writ* A. F. HARASZTHY, B22 Crossley bdg.
CHEAPEST and best In America — Th« Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address la ttt*
United States or Canada one year for tl.
riiATB TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-59 Geary
st., on the square.
MISSION. 2728, near Twenty-third— Modern
unper flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $30.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 Cal-
ifornia st^
VAN NESS ave.. 2527-29, nr. Union St.— 2
modern upper flats; 8 r. and b. each; marine
view ; rents reasonable. -
PIERCE, 2035 — Very reasonable to reliable
party only; elegant up-to-date 6-room flat;
abundance of light; investigate this.
|40 — FINE, sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath; 2
attic rooms and basement; modern. 142S
Green st., near Van Ness ave.
LARKIN, 1930. 1936, 1944, near Broadway —
New modern flats 7 and 8 rooms; rents re-
j duced to $30. $35, $37 50.
FLAT of 7 sunny room's and bath; Mission
warm belt. 3435 Twentieth St., bet. Howard
and Capp^
LYON, 501 — Sunny upper corner flat of 9
rooms and bath; reasonable to responsible
party.
|20 — NEW upper flats, 5 rooms and bath; 214
West ave.; electric lights, gas; modern
throughout.
BAKER, 504 — Three modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms; $27 50 and $32 50; Panhandle.
CASTRO, 673, near Twentieth — Sunny flat; 6
rooms, rtable, basement; rent reasonable.
CLEMENTINA, 43«H — Light, sunny, 8-room
flat; gas; rent S20.
DIAMOND, 43, near Seventeenth — New sunny
modern upper flat 6 rooms and bath; open.
ELEGANT middle 7 rooms; modern: sun
every room; large garden. 1357 McAllister
FLAT of three clean, sunny rooms; rent $S.
1839 Mission St., near Fourteenth.
FLAT to let — 4 rooms and bath; grood a« new.
2518 Polk st.
FIFTEENTH, 2282 — Basement flat. 4 rooms;
$13. Apply on premises.
FOLSOM. 2G78— Sun all day; 5 rooms, bathr
two mantels; suitable young couple: $24.
GREEN, 206S, near Buchanan — Desirable h>w«
er flat, 7 rooms and bath; rent reasonable
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on L VON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
MASONIC ave., 13t>9, nr. Halght— New flat, 6
rooms, bath; swell location; rent $30.
NEW modern upper flat; 5 rooms _nd bath;
rent $22 50. 8825 24th st.. near Church.
NEW 2-story upper flat, 5 rooms: modern;
bright. 630 Central ave., near Fulton st.
NICE clean flat, 6 rooms, bath; rent reason-
able.. 1011 McAllister St., near Lyons.
PROSPER, 35, opp. 16th., bet. Market and
Sanchez— Upper flat: 5 rooms, bath; rent $23.
SEVENTEENTH, near Castro — Modern sunn;
upper flat, 7 rooms, bath: basement; $27 50
STANYAN. 8li] facing park— 7-room. new,
sunny flat: choice location; rent very. Teas.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3552. near Guerrero — Lower
flat 4 rooms and bath; large basement.
|19 — FLAT 5 sunny rooms and bath. 2S67
Twentyr fourth st. . . .
$20 — SUNNY 5 rooms and bath. 1203 Gnerrero
st., cor. Twenty-fourth. "
$27 60 — NEW Park • flat, 6 • sunny rooms, on
car line. 223 Parnassus ave.. near Stanyan.
A WEEK'S news for 6 ctnts— The Weekly Call.
¦ 1« pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 par year.
TEATS TO aET— -fTO-fI8aOBP. _
FURNISHED fl-room flat; upper; Broadway.
.i near Laguna; piano; no children. Room 57.
SprtnK Valley bldg. .
FURNISHED flat; bay-windows; garden; bath:
gas range; laundry. 434 Bartlett st., 2
to 5 p. m. ...
A 7-ROOM furnished flat with 3 boarders as-
sured. Box 4732. Call office.
POWELL, 816, nr. Calif ornia— Elegantly fur.
sunny 3-room flat; grand marine view.
JONES, 1652— Desirable upper flat, completely
furulahed: 4 r. and b.: rent $25.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
46
BOOMS ' POB HOUSXEEPXISrO.
BRYANT. 444 — Two sunny rooms for house-
keeping: one single for lady.
BUSH, lf.85— Large housekeeping room: run-
ning water. $10; also other furnished rms.,$J.
EDDY, 17DG— Sunny rooms, completely fur-;
I nlshed; gas. bath; yard.
! FRANKLIN. 151.*— Sunny front newly 'fur.
j rooms: housekeeping; bath, phone; $20; ref.
I GEARY, 1225-rNlce, large, sunny rooms for
I housekeeping: choice location and excellent
j view; very reasonable. ¦ 1
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Furnished rooms j
for light housekeeping.
GROVE. 32— Three unfurnished connecting
rooms.
! HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant.
I sunny housekeeping rooms for two; exclusive;
kitchen; reasonable.
j HOWARD. 701B — Two housekeeping rooms, 1
front f gas, bath; ill. Call to-day.
HOWARD, 719%— Sunny furnished rooms for
j housekeeping; respectable; no trans.; adults.
1 ————————————————————————————————————
HOWARD. 822 — 2 suites housekeeping rooms;
also single; gas and coal stoves.
HYDE. 1540 — Sunny furnished rooms, house-
keeping, single or board.
JACKSON, 941. cor. Mason— Furnished or un-
furnished housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 323 — One sunny small room for cne:
light housekeeping; $1 75 week.
KEARNY, 104^ — Three unfurnished rooms; bay-
window front; sunny; $20; adults; references.
KEARNY, 305, corner Bush— Nicely furnished
roomn. also housekeeping rooms and bath. >
KENILWORTH. ccr. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments ; steam heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny furnished 3- room suites; steam heated.
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LARKIN, 502— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
LARXIN, 819 Vi — Nice sunny room; every con-
venience for housekeeping; $10 per month.
LEAVENWORTH. 515 — Sunny, housekeeping
rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 1911. near Green— Five
6unny furnished housekeeping rooms and
bath; phone; fine marine view.
'LIBERTY, 2 — Large sunny room and board
for 2; running water; Mission warm belt
MARKET, 737 — A suite of furnished house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
MARKET, 1735 — 2 rooms completely furnished
for housekeeping ; rent $12.
MCALLISTER. 943— Two or three furnished
rooms for light housekeeping.
MISSION. 561. near Second — Bedroom and
kitchen, completely furnished for hkpg.
NICK Housekeeping rooms. Apply 2015 Bush
street.
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water and bath; $10.
NOE. 483 — Two handsome housekeeping rooms;
$15.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA, 1311 — Sunny front alcove room, for
light housekeeping 1 .
O'FARRELL. 445 — Furnished rooms for house,
keeping.
O'FARRELL, 1229— Newly furnished house-
keeping or single rooms; rent very reason-
able. '
ONE unfurnished rcom for housekeeping, also
one partly furnished; must be pleasant,
cheap; give price. Box 4494, Call offlce.
. i
PINE. 827, near Powell — 3 sunny furnished
! housekeeping rooms; gas range; rent reas.
I PINE. 923 — 2 newly furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms- reasonable.
POINT LOBOS .ave.. 113—4 sunny outside
eonnecUng rooms; large yard.
POINT LOBOS ave., 113 — Four sunny connect-
rooms with yard.
POST. 9O."i — Largs, convenient housekeeping
room; gan range; $9 50.
POST, 1015B — Handsome, newly furnished. 3-
room apartment; phone; running water; no
children.. /
SACRAMENTO, 1490— Large sunny furnished
front housekeeping suites, $15-$25 month;
running water.
SANCHEZ. 509. near Eighteenths — Large, sun-
ny bay-window sitting-room, alcove bedroom,
kitchen; reasonable.
SCOTT, 300, NE. Page^ — 2 extra sunny rooms,
newly furnished for housekpg; reasonable.
SECOND. 149 — Rooms for housekeeping; large !
and sunny. j
SECOND. 231 — Two sunny corner, front house- j
keeping rooms, single or connected, with coal
stove and eras stove. ,
SOUTH PARK, 137 — Furnished rooms for
housekeeping. •
SUTTER. SSI— 2 sunny front rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $25.
SUTTER. 1S0S — Two unfurnished rooms with
gas, range, bath, running water, gas; pri-
vate family.
TAYLOR. 911 — Furnished suite, gas' range.
$12: 2 attic rooms, gas range. $9; 1 room. $7.
TWELFTH. 145 — Suites of 2 and 3 connecting
rooms for housekeeping..
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367—3 front housekeeping
rooms'; in the Mission warm belt
TURK. 200— Nicely furnished, eunny rooms and
kitchen.
VAN NESS ave.. 1021 — Bay-window front
suite: grate; reasonable; room with cloeet
kitchen, $10: phone.
WALLER, 71 — A sunny suite of rooms In new
house, furn. complete, $16; phone Page 7931.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ET. LOUIS. 1575' Jackson — Marine Tie—; 8-4-»
rooms: fum. or xmfur.; r»f». T«l. E— >t 1350.
BOOMS TO LET — Porn, and Unfnra.
X^ THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL. DOWNTOWN: 15O rooms; 33 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 60 TO $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS, 75o TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. . L
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
820 Mason st. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just comDleted; entire house
newly renovated; sun in rooms all day.
MCALLISTER, SO— Very large, sunny room; 1
double and 2 single beds; gas. water; also
nice, large pack parlor.
ATKINS, cor. Third st and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights: only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 CO week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth iL— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 60 nlgM:
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
AURORA. C08 Folsom, cor. 2d— Nicely furn.
sun. rms; run. water; elec lights; $1 50 up wk
BEAVER, 12— Furnished rooms, single or en
suite; one block from Castro-st. car.
BRYANT, 518 — 4 unfurnished rooms; sunny;
rear; and yard; rent $9.
BELMOND house: over Owl 'drug store: 2 en- '
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric I
lights; running water in every room: 2OO
rooms; 25o to 60c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
JONES, 207 — Furnished rooms from $2 per
week to $.*>; front sunny suite.
BRYANT. 412 — Sunny furnished room. !
BRYANT, 562 — Furnished rooms.
BRYANT, 7t"S — Furnished single front rocm
to let.
BUCHANAN. 1510— One large sunny furnished
roons. .
BITSH. 1255 — U'.onu for cne or two; private
I family: bjttli.
! EDDY, So (The L^unston) — Newly furnished
j rooms; best transient house. In city: 50c, $1.
1 EDDY. 4«2 — Nicely furnished rooms, with all
conveniences; choice location: reasonable.
ELLIS. 661— Furnshed room to let.
ELLIS. 663 — A sunny • furnished room.
ELLIS. 663 — A sunny furnished room.
HO TXSE S TO LET— nTH-WlSUED.
PACIFIC ave.. 15*05— Handsomely furnished
houtre complete for housekeeping; furnace
and all modern conveniences; splendid
neighborhood. Apply on premises.
A NICELY furnished S-room house; sunny
corner; piano. 12 to 4. 1308 Laguna st.
HOWARD. 2130. near Eighteenth — 8 rooms. .
bath, etc.; well furnished; rent low.
HOUSE of seven rooms, well furnished. 11S3
Oak et.; rent $45.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore et
HOUSES rUBWISKED— FOB SALE.
A BARGAIN if taken at once; 8 room «, part-
ly furnished. 515 Leavenworth; leaving city;
call from 11 to 4 o'clock.
A BARGAIN — Newly furnished «unny 14-room '
house. <J42 Gcarj- st; phone Polk 2S52.
15-ROOM house for sa!e cheap account of
! sickness. Apply £15 Geary et.
HOUSES WA~fTE~« — FURNISHED.
WANTED — Furnished house or flat of 5 rootr ik.
Address, with full particulars, box 4103, Call. ,
! HOUSE-CLEANING QgglCES.
JAPANESE hourccleanlns company and shoe-
maker. 618 Goujh et; phone Howard 3583. |
COTTAGES TO LET.
j FIVE-ROOM cottage to let: lwnt $16. Inquire
Elizabeth, bet. Drummond and Douglass.
HORSES AND WAGONS.^
I a 30 HEAD of work and driving horses, 8
lar.o mares, 1 fast pacer, 2 saddle horses,
baineis, v.-ngons and buRgies; must be sold;
will exchange. Comer Fifteenth and Shot- |
well sts.. near Folsom. I
1000 STREET and stable blankets, also 500. j
¦ plush and wool robee, will be sold at cost by
' the San Francisco Saddlery Company for the
next six days to advertise the place. 017
Market st. I
TEAM of Jot black horses, 17 hands, 5 years
old, weight apiece, price $700; broken
single or double; sound and true. JOHN DA-
VILLA. Jones ave., Elmhurst, Cal.
A VERY handsome driving mare, bicycle tire
buggy, harness, all in flrst-ciass order; this
must be 'seen to be apreclated. Apply to
ot.t ler. 164 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Milk wagon; 2 business buggies,
i new; elngle express wagon; 2 fruit wagons;
I butcher wagon: 2 delivery wagons, almost
new; cheap. 1219 Pierce st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 100 Stevenson, g. F.
COBBLE-SORE, footsore horses for soft re-
claimed river lands; fair prices paid; must 1
be sound. Box 4488. Call; tel. Main 767. \
I A SACRIFICE: rubber tire open hack; rood
: condition: new harness. HARRY WELLER,
1200 Market et.
ADDEP.LEY'S stable sheepswool sponges; $2.
$2 75 $3 50; chamois and dusters. 307 Mar-
ket st. S. F^
A BARGAIN— Horse, buggy and harness $125.
212 Valencia st. S. F.
j $20— YOUNG horse, buggy cart, single wagon 1
j and buggy harness. 2723 Bryant st. j
WANTED — Road^or quarter horse; state par- j
ticulars; lowest cash price. Box 4874. Call. |
A COVERED wagon for sale; also wagon top.
: 320 Noe Et.
i BOARDING horses: reasonable prices. Elm •
i Boarding Stable. 214 Elm ave.
¦ AUCTION sale 70 horses. Thursday. November i
10, 11 a. m., 220 Valencia st. j
FOR sale — Fine new business buggy; also eolid ,
tcp delivery —agon; cheap. 523 Fulton st. ]
FOR sale — Fresh family cow; gentle. £915 Fol-
¦am Et, near Cortland ave.
¦ FOR sale — Fresh family cow. gentle. 3115
Folsotn st, near Ccrtland ave. !
1 FOR sale— 5 second-hand express wagons, one
Elngle truck. 233 Beale st.
i WANTED — A good team of horses. Box 4503. i
Call offlce.
I I
! GOING out of business; new and second-hand ¦
wagons eold cheap. 1GS0 Mission st. nr. 13th.
'¦ AUCTION eale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
¦ WAGONETTES, eurreye, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th-Vblencia.
i ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
S Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church cts.
' A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions hat
been opeced at 100S Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
¦ LOST AST) POUND,
I REWARD — Black spaniel, white bread: an-
ewers to name of "Teddy." 775 Fourteenth.
I LOST — Marquise ring, rubles surrounded by
<lla— icnds. Return 1765 Pine St.; reward $20.
; $5 REWARD fcr return of black Cocker
spaniel to 1201 Jones st. ; license 3620.
' LOST — Fro— 412 Twenty-sixth avenue, young !
shepherd dog. ;
i LOST— By poor woman, $20 piece from Battery
and Market to Sixth and Harrison. Reward
if returned to 014 v. Harrison st.
! WOULD party that found black cocker spaniel
on Ellis-st. car return same to 1433 Etelner
J sit. and receive $10 reward?
i LOST — A good appetite by not using CHIC-
j LETS.
I $5 rewsrt — Male Llewellyn setter: equare-
ehaped black left shoulder. 185 San Carlos ave.
I ¦
XJMXNCHES FOB HXBE.
C. a! McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
et; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
! an
! MATRIMONIAL. j
! GENTLEMAN. 49 years old, sober and Indus- I
trious. no bad habits, has property and a
j fine Income, would like te meet a refined,
educated lady about my age; one that would
appreciate a good home. Address box 4005.
Call offlce.
A RF.SPECTABLE widower, no family, good
positicn, desires acquaintance of widow or
! working g'.rl about 35 years of age, with some I
means; correspondence confidential; object
; matrimony. Box 4535. Call office.
1 A YOUNG lady with some money, home-loving
: and amiable disposition, would like to corre-
; epond .with a sober. Industrious gentleman;
object matrimony. Box 4502, Call offlce.
YOUNG man (widower), no lncumbrances. has
eo~ ie cash in bank, would like to correspond
' T.ith a young lady; refined; object matri-
mony. Box 4101. Call offlce.
1 GENTLEMAN (57), some means and steady
work, would like to meet a lady matrl-
j menially inclined. Box 4404, Call office.
! REFINED lady with established business
I would correspond with gentleman of means;
1 mutual. Box 4165. Call office.
1 A LADY with a nice house in town near San
Francisco wishes a kind husband. Address
j box 4M0. Call office.
; MISCELLANEOUS — POB SALE.
I BOILERS, engines, %tl-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~
N Repair it with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
j needs no painting or costing; good over old
• : iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
1 j ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
• i FOR frale — New and second-hand billiard and
, j pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
I with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission st
! I AN elegant assortment of diamonds Jewelry
, I and sealskins for rale on small weekly pay-
¦ ; ments; goods delivered on flret payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
BEAUTIFUL male St. Bernard dog. 2% year-
old; full pedigree, registered; won 1st prize
in show al Denver, Colo. P. MURRAY
025 Harrison st. '
¦ i A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
, etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
. JEWELRY CO.. ->5 Stockton , tj^'" AUA f* p
; PIANO, good, sweet-toned upright, $00; no fair
offer refused. Address, or call during day-
! time. MAJOR REID. 273 Natoma et
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPEH
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
' TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 nalr-
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay expresi
, charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
! DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
. monthly payments. DEREMER'S 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs. k
; ELASTIC stockings "$2! Factory. 107 O'Farrell
ft. removed from 40 Ellis. J. W. Hopewel I.
L^. D ,T wls , l 3«^ Vi 8e " dlff erem wearing apparel.
Call at 1104 Market st. room 24: no dAi.rm!
[ MACHINERY— Bonght. Sold. Exchanged.
WANTED — Second-hand" swing saw and
I planer. JOHN T. GRAHAM. NW. cor. Pre-
I cita ave. and Alabama at
j ' ' ...- !.. - *
1 MATT3ESSES AND F1Z.J.OVTB.
TO oidei : renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
! piccrfiO- excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
HHOS.. H"^-."4 Howard st. : phone South 'JUi.
LIONET TO LOAN..
' —MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.) —
! ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN...
1 INTEREST 5y. AND li PEK CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.: phone Main 5024.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~
e01-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,'
See HERMAN MURPHY.
.:._•. WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on \
' 1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 400, Can offlce.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 463 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity ; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages cr on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
000 Market; tel. Malu 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
'security; easy payments; large business in 48
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 , Stockton st,
near Market.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
• 2 per cent per month.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 907 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
PRIVATE^ — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st, rm. 21.-
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan &
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg: phone Main 3214.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 633 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned Ealarl«*d people on notes without
Indoraer. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $1COO; will pay $100 premium and
2 per cent per month interest; $50 on prin-
cipal and Interest paid monthly; money se-
cured. Box 4746, Call.
$250O LOAN wanted from private party on real
estate: Point Richmond; gilt edge. Address
box 1501, Call offlce, Oakland.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mussard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chlckerlng — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case, 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ &. SON, 1G O'Farrell st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month: one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SCO Hayes st.
INVESTIGATE our new rent or purchase plan;
$2 50 per month up. 237 Geary st
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private patty.
301 Eddy tt.
$00 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap
HORNUNG, 210 McAllister at.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st
80HMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnwayup: Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrel 1.
orriCEs Aia> stobes to j&et.
THE MAJESTIC.
MOST CONVENIENT, SUNNIEST, BEST
LIGHTED OFFICE BUILDING IN UPPER
MARKET ST.; LARGE HANDSOME OF-
FICES FROM $12 50 PER MONTH UP,
INCLUDING FREE JANITOR AND
ELEVATOR SERVICE, HOT WATER
AND ELECTRIC LIGHTS: " BEING
SITUATED ADJACENT TO THE JUNC-
TION OF MARKET, NINTH, LARKIN AND
HAYES STS.. THE EXCELLENT CAR SER-
VICE AFFORDED MAKES THIS THE MOST
DESIRABLE LOCATION IN THE CITY FOR
PHYSICIANS AND DENTISTS. APPLY ON
PREMISES OR TO SPECK & CO., 200 MONT-
GOMERY ST.
— — — - 1 : .
FOR rent — Desk room or half of fine suite
offices. - 436 Croesley .building.
' 3PE~tSONALS.^^^^^^V^
FOR men only; every man who is weak can
add many years of happiness to his life by
using Cactus Cure; It cures all vital weak-
ness, nervous debility, atrophy, stricture,
varlcocele. etc.. by stimulating the blood
supply; it feeds end quickly build- up new
tissue; that's Cactus Cure; gives great vigor
to all men; an outwardly applied ealve
which rejuvenates and permanently sustains;
one application proves Its merit; write for
free trial box or send 50c for $1 box. Cac-
tus Product Co., 364 Slbley building. Phil-
adelphia, Pa.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
ting?, bagginess of eyes or any blemish of
the face, Mme. Gillingham invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and im-
proved method, known to no other in this
city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton St.: write for booklet.
Ml ELLA* HARRIS" French liquid powder;
gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off; send
only $1 and test it for yourself. M. Ella Har-
rla. chemist and skin specialist, 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'; ao.
cept no substltute.Star Remedy Co., 1X13 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk st, 8. F.
INFORMATION wanted as to whereabouts of
SAMUEL DUPRE, palmist: sometimes works
at barber, trade. Kindly inform Madame
Clarvolna, 727*4 K st.. Sacramento, Cal.
EONG writers and poets, a successful song: will
make you rich. We write , music to your
words, tomnleto and arrange compositions.
Walnwrgiht . Music Co., 84 Adams, Chicago.
WE sell, revise, arrange your songs, stories or
poems. " For particulars. * Author's Manu-
script Assn.. Dexter bldg..' Chicago.
ROYALTY PAID ON SONG POEMS
and musical compositions: . we arrange and
popularize; particulars free.. Pioneer Pub.
Co., 704 Baltimore bids., Chicago. III.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st '
YOU. can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
¦ down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
STIHNITURE CO_ 310 Post st. near Powell.
PEBSQ—ALS— Continued.
"R— E— X — R— A— D— I— O'S"
B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N.
PUBLIC "FREE HEALING" before audience
TO-DAY. 2 "and S p. m. (Office hours 2 to 7.)
RADIUM HALL. 78.11,4 Market and 1 Fourth
(corner Market and Fourth). '
i — — — _______________________
"NON-MEDICAL" humanized Rad urn power li
(solely) used in lirxniiiin's treatments; no
medicine, no medical Instruments used.
"NAMES" and testimonials of patients al-
luded to BELOW shown at offices.
"DEAF MUTES"— Several recently made to
hear and SPEAK what they heard: Numer-
ous witnesses, one belns Mr Butler, well-
, known S. F. CHRONICLE representative.
"TOTAL DEAFNESS" Rexradlo finds to be
a. mere BAGATELLE; nearly every case
begins to hear "whispered" words after
Si 3 «econds J 4 treatment (Deaf mutes the same.) \
"OSSIFIED" LADY. Mrs. Knowles, 379 BarT-
J?ixVT b X (one) trpa tm«nt had her locked AN-
CH1LOSED joints made freely '"movable"
several weeks ago; no "relapse,"- but still
further progress to date.
"BLINDNESS" deemed lmmlnentr within 3
days -Rexradlo restored good sight.
"LEAPING" CRIPPLE; paralysis; dragged
foot, limb nearly "powerless"; 10 seconds' j
treatment and I LEAPED before audience." '
"LONG DISTANCE" HEARING. My ear to- !
tally deaf from childhood: by 1 treatment
heard (whisper) at 70 feet."
"FEMALB WEAKNESS"— My trouble was
quickly removed by Rexradlo.
"CANCER" disappeared In one hour after
Rexradlo's '(one) treatment.
"UP IN THH AIR" In elevator with man
having "crooked" arm (rheumatism). Couldn't
etraighten It. Rexradio was there, too. and
by "moment's" touch straiffhteprd It before
descending elevator stopped. Editor of TOWN
TALK was present. Witnessed by me —
- WILLIAM ORMSBY.
"BEDRIDDEN"— I saw Rexradlo treat man
for years "helpless" In bed, had to be
"lifted" In and out of bed; Instantly rose
(unaided) from bed. Other similar cases.
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment straightened
my "bent" limb (rheumatism).
"TYPHOID FEVER"" overcome by only 2
treatments; no RELAPSE. — Knott. 112 Fell.
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXI A"— Couldn't stand un-
supported; 1 treatment Tuesday and Instant-
ly stood, walked "unsupported."
"ANCHYLOSIS" of knee; couldn't straighten
leg or move knee; did both Instantly.
"HE SEES" objects (outlines) at 3<) feet;
eyes "blind" 7 years (1 treatment Tuesday).
"RRXRADIO'S" 1 treatment entirely removed
my "dropsy" and straightened limb.
"SUICIDE" avoided: protracted disease ren-
dered life a burden; often thought of sui-
cide, after spending largely, vainly, for re-
lief; then Rexradio made quick, complete
cure, months ago; no RELAPSE.
"REXRADIO" rescued me quickly from th»
_flery purgatory of "neuralgia.*
"ANCHYLOSIS of joints, knees, ankles, hips,
toes, fingers, wrists, elbows, shoulders, neck, j
etc., which others deem 'Incurable.' have
often yielded to Rexradlo's very 'first treat-
ment' " Testimonials shown.
"PAINS" of all kinds (neuralgia, sciatica,
rheumatism, gout, etc.) usually have been
expelled by Rexradlo's "first" treatment
Proofs — Numerous testimonials.
"KESURKECTION" excepted. BROKER, one
of our leading citizens, recently (publicly)
said: "I have seen Rexradlo do nearly in-
credible healing wonders In my offlce. I
verily believe he can do almost anything but
RAISE THE DEAD. I am ready to put up
my money on It."
"$1000 FORFEIT" if above digests of cases arc
not "genuine." Stacks of testimonials.
"NOTE THIS"— Names of all above patients
given at offices to persons similarly afflicted;
we. object to "publication" of their names.
Above "digests" of cases refer to results of
"first" treatment, which benefits usually be-
come perfect and permanent after a few
"further" treatments.
"REXRADIO" can and does DO ALL HE
CLAIMS TO DO. HE FEARLESSLY CHAL-
LENGER COURTEOUS (CRUCIAL) INVES-
TIGATION.
"CONSULTATION" given free. TERMS for
treatment to suit circumstances.
"PUBLTC HEALING" before audiences free to
poor TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. Rexradlo also
publicly gives every one in audience desiring
It a "sample" of his peculiar healing power.
Bring your paralytics, mutes, etc. (worst
cases). Come early to avoid crowding. RA-
DIUM HALL. 7ST5',i Market st. and 1 Fourth
(corner Market and Fourth).
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twir.e In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st, Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
sels, tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory.
602 Market st. Oakland: take West 8th car.
ADVERTISING WORLD, Columbus. Ohio, a
monthly Journal of Information, plane, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, emab.
1899. 2122 Flllmore st; phone Geary 2053.
GOLDEN GATE, 300, corner— Laundry, bar-
ber shop, cigars, tobaccos, newspapers, suits
cleaned.
LADY will travel with Invalid as nurse and
companion to Manila. Box 1623, 100S Mar-
ket 8t.
WHITE— Call at once. BLACK.
WHEN you are thirsty chew a CHICLET.
Electrolysis massage parlors, 319-320 Stan-
King bldg., 121 Geary st. Mrs. Holshouser.
FOR fine watch and Jewelry repairing try the
MILTON JEWELRY CO.. 257 Sixth st.
Expert furniture repalring.pollshlng; upholster-
ing; carp.lay'g. Towey's,370Fell.PhonePaBCl453.
H. ANDERSON. 26 O'Farrell st. — Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 611A Leavenworth st. be.
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 720 Market st
ELEGANT suit« to order, extra pants or fancy
veets, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st. bet Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton,233 Geary.r.3S.
TAILOR.MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor.Bush and Dupont
> MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color;$l at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Marfict st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 D. m. • '.'¦
PHYSICIANS AKD STTBGEOWS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, — Office and residence.
1021>& Market st. bet 6th and 7th. partlcu-
- * lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty. '
DR. BALL, 107315 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctoi" — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay st
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
PAFERHANGI-Q, PAI~TI»Q. ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 10C7 McAllister St.; tel. Fell 2403.
<:-.-**. --;.:• PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, t» Hnbart bUlg., 532 Market st.
''_ P~BCgASI~R AGZSTCXEB.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. IVib Larkln et. room 40; tel. South ."in.
3A-ATOSI— H.
CONROY Sanatprlum and M a tern Ity^H : osp! tal7
2S12 Sacramento st. ; terms very reasonable.
TO LEASE. . . ;
MODERN brick apartment-house of 140 rooms,
with baths." to let; close in; 6-year lease: Al
proposition. See SPECK & CO., 209 Mont-
' turnery at.
JJ^SCM-LAjreO— S— rOBJAJUE- 5°£^
:
• H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.'S 2d-hand
machinery for sale list this week:
70 h. p. returp tubular boiler, all ••omplctP.
ready for business, n-.th '¦'>•* h. p. »t<?ani en-
gine with ail necessary fittings .$j(iu
100 h. p. heater (exhaust) ?"5
; 35 h. p. return tubular boiler, wiih -j n ; o .'';
horizontal engine (plain) $325
54 in. by iC ft. boiler (Cal. Boiler Works) and
11x10 automatic Atlas engine $000
12XTS1/4X1OX12 Worthlngton duplex, compound
pump, with a certificate of Inspection Trom
any horse doctor In the land $200
A good one like the above (in size) $500
10x12 compressor (duplex). local make.
Al $450
We have an ungodly amount of boilers, en-
gines, pumps, hoists, supplies, oils, packing,
hose, belting, special machinery, wire cable,
ere buckets, railroad Iron, air receivers, oil
tanks, etc., etc.
Don't wait to see something appear In these
columns before you will attempt to buy;
write us; we don't send you enough letter
to make It look like a package of "id-class
matter; we Just answer your questions. If
! you feel as though you forgot to sew up your
j pockets before you come In our place, stay
away; we don't want you; we have enough
; to keep us in flea powder for about two
weeks at least.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
A legitimate second-hand supply house, San
Francisco, Cal.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold, j
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
| 1 40 H. P. firebox boiler; complete; new.
I 1 Worthington compound pump, 500 gal. win.
j , 1 Worthlngton pump, 0x4x0.
1 Worthincton oil plant: complete.
1 dishwashing machine; complete.
1 10 II. P. G. E. motor; new.
1 Lane planer. 27x12.
1 30-in. extractor.
i 1 20-ln. extractor.
1 16 H. P. enclne; complete.
1 lot of laundry machinery.
WM. SPECK, 421 Market st. room 37.
ROCKING HORSES GALLOPING HORSES
FOR SALE FOR SALE. '
Up-to-date Christmas Present
Manufactured on Premises.
No worthless toy— built for durability, pleai-
ure and comfort of children.
Pi Ices very reasonable — will be sold to chll-
I dren on weekly Installments If desired. Call
and Investigate for yourselves.
E. G. LIND. C75 Harrison st.. near Third. «
FOR sale' — Thoroughbred Gordon setter; cocker
spaniel dogs. 1202 Haskell »t, cor. San
Pablo ave.. Berkeley.
$25— THOROUGHBRED Jersey heifer, three
months old: weaned; registered stock. 1190
Sixty- seventh St.. Oakland.
FOR Bale — Large family ark; modern im-
; provements. 631 California st, room 10.
GAS engines, 9 hp. Bay City Iron Works,
Oakland.
THOROUGHBRED fox terrier pups for eale.
247 Thirteenth st
FOR sale — 13x19 Gordon press; in good con-
dition. 635 Merchant st.
! NEARLY new King Vibrator. 1011 Sutter st.
LOCKSMITH'S tools for Eale cheap; have no
use for. Inquire 473 Valencia st.
I WASHING made easy: new fluid formula, 60c.
Joy Supply Co.. S04 Taylor st.
1000 SHARES of the Gray Gander Oil Co.
j very reasonable. A. II., Box 4774, Call.
' LAKGF. frrsh Durham cow; good milker! g«n-
tle; $40. 1400 Florida, cor. 26th st.
1 FRESH cow for sale; milks 4 gallons day.
: 170 Randal! st.
j ~~
; BICYCLE for sale. Call at 214 Harriet st.
i $450— SEALSKIN coat; will sell reasonable.
STEIN. 1054 Howard st.
; $4 — SINGER sewir.t; machine for sale; In good
working order. 60S Ellis st.
THOROUGHBRED dachshund pups. 5 Jurl
st., off San Jose ave., near Guerrero st.
' NAILS, 100 lbs. 2d-hand and unused, cheap.
Box 44'JO. Call. .
j THOROUGHBRED Irish setter pups. 1114
Vermont *t.
32-FOOT yacht; must be sold; cheap. Box
4455. CalL
BTOVES disconnected and connected. $2 60;
plblng, gas fltg. 409 McAllister; tel.MInt .3056
NEWFOUNDLAND. St. Bernard dogs. 2 mo.
old. for sale cheap. 917 Van Ness; basement.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; oak; I
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission, near 15th. i
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade; \
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 623 Market st.
Wallpaper. 3>ic: paint, $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan,i:>02 Webster:tel_Steiner 3071.
BAFES and cash registers, new and second-,
hand. L FREEMAN. 1325 Market st
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers, lnclud-
j ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st.
1 ID-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
I FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN, 13S Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third :tel. Main 413.
DF.SKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard ,& Breck. 131 Post st
SAFE?- New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 30" Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all Ftzes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
i MISCEI.IAITEO~S WANTS.
AAAAAA — BUYS any amount good second hand
clothing: special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 022 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious stones bcught for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 4C3. Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
WANTED — Second-hand cylinder music box;'
state price and number of tunes. Box 4738,
Call offlce.
WANTED to buy pool table. R. E. NICKEL,
1908 Woolsey St., So. Berkeley.
SECOND hand upright piano In good order;
no dealers; state price. Box 448U, Call.
WANTED — Two gas engines from 1 to 6 horse-
power. Box 4524. Call offlce.
.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 3916.
- — — —
Levy & Rsdlcr, highest price for gents' cast-off,
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
MEDICAL.
; LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR U.
H. WESTON. offlce, 305 KEARNY ST. *
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male t-oubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st, opp. Oth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities ; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
i DR. S. GOODWIN, well known specialist on
diseases of women, has returned after 4
months' sojourn in Europe, during which
time she visited a few of the leading sani-
tariums and maternity hospitals, and Is now
located at 412 Taylor st, near Geary.
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
sold: price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price f5. By express only
1 on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS
' wholesale druggists, Seventh and Broadway'
Oakland.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELI— -All who are sick or
¦ in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints ; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st
' LADIES suffering from lrr egularltles. sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
. st; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
' DR. ind MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method of treatment 1126 Market
LADIES — Kumrounds safe. sure, never falls-
$2. tHIeason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.'
, DR. ROSKN. residence 2995 Folsom st corner
' 26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
. FINE opportunity to party who wilPfuTnlsn
$1500; glit-edge mining property. 47S4. Call.
I I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
. property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
. FOR sale — Rich copper mine/ Trinity County*
will bond. Box 47CD. Call • V
JBJCL^WAJH^D^JKrAJLE— jCon«a?_«*_
•.—MURRAY & READY. C-M-<S0 Clay *t.
Ptcne Main 5»4S.
Leading Employment and I_,bor Agents.
WV stwrak the German. French. Italian.
Sca'ialnav-.an. Ur<yk, Spanish, tflavonian and
Danish languages.
TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
Sj__l£.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
60.000 Men Work. " Increase 60,000.
Coal Miner*. Free Fare. Coal Miners.
Oregon fctate. Oregon. State Oregon.
10
Coal miners for a good mine; biK wares.
Ehlp to.day. Fare refunded. Ship to-da>.
WASHINGTON.
Coal miners for State of Washington. $3
GOL1*) 3 AND COPPER MINES. SILVER
MINES. N ,j!i £"
6 hand miner*, good quartz mines, »»- a".
4 mJnen>. go'd mire. $:«O.
CONCENTRATOR MAN.
Concentrator man. sood gold mine, f ,5.
I' S. '
GOVERNMENT WORK. __.._.
NEVADA. STATE NEVADA.
$1 FEE SHIP TO-DAY. _ $1 FEL.
20 teajn>ter*. 1! and 4 hon*f. ?75.
20 laborers no experience needed, $75.
SPECIAL!
NEW WORK. J
13 teamsters for nw mark in center of min- j
Ing district. JfCO; fare $1 IKJ: ship to-night.
MURRAV & HEADY. CJ4-O! Clay st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MECHANICAL.
5 hardwood carj>enttr— . $3 75 day: 4 carpen-
ters, f3 50 day: blacksmith, country. $**> j
and found- 3 bench hands. $90; machine I
hand. plan:rg xnlil, t'-i •">•;.
HOTEL HELP. I
B ecci.% 4 waiter?. 7 kitchen hamls and
dish war hers, hutchpr?, bakers.
FARMS AND DAIRIES. :
ST farm hands; C milkers; 9 choremen; 7 j
ehoreboys, city end country.
. 6 stablemen.
FOR A BIO RANCH.
10 plow teamsters, good ranch, all winter's
Jcfe, $40 asd found.
'. ~~~~ i
SPECIALS. !
Harneu— laker, ranch, fare $1 SO. $40 and
found; carpenter, finisher, city, $4 day;
tailor, country shop: 4 young men, factory,
1 city; bookkeeper and etenorrapner. country:
• butcher, country shop: camp cook. 20 men.
rear dty. $35 and found; working foreman,
ranch, south, $85 to $40 and found.
MTRRAY & READY. 034-0:6 Clay st.
» —
SPECIAL— NEW WORK.
FOREMEN.
foreman, carpenter, to run rang of 13 men
on concrete form work. **e hoss here.
, WALKING BOSS.
Walking boss for constructVm gang, $63 fd. j
THESE ARE GOOD.
Assistant nunse, country institution. $S0 fd.
Ward master, country place, $30 found.
3 carpecters. Santa Crui County, good Jobs,
$3 tO day.
3 experienced foundry helpers, city Job.
MINERS.
I 4 tciners. gold mine, Nevada. 8 hours,
1 C3 60 to $4.
2 miners, run tunnel, fare 25c, $2 60 day.
Carpenter, ranch, fare $1. $40 found. !
Camp cook, near city. $50 to $C0 found.
Farmer end wife, Marln Co.. *ee boss here,
SZO and found.
Milker and wife, near city. $50 and found.
Butcher, country shop. $.J0 and found.
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 6.04-636 Clay St.
— ' I
|250 — FOR eaie; snap: 2-chalr barber »hop: j
ehclce location: good business: sickness cause ;
selling. See Coleman. 606 Mutual Bank bldg. j
.WANTED — A large manufacturing concem
ai>cut to open distributing depot in this sec-
• tion desires services of responsible man to J
take — anasremen t; salary $1S"O per annum |
and commissions: applicant must furnish j
Crst-class references and $1750 to $2500 cash, j
ra erchandin* furnished. Address Manufac- i
turer. care Nelson Chesman Company. Chi- i
cage. 111. I
WANTED — Manarer crockery and house fur- I
Rifhlng goods by department store In North- i
era California: we want an active man. one ,
who car. push a department and who has '
executive ability: address in own handwrit- :
Ing arid rive full particulars; applications
trcatt-d in ccafidence. Apply box 44.12. Call. ¦
WANTED — Uanar'-r stationery and Jewelry de- I
pariinem by a department store in Northern I
California; « want an active man, one who
can pufh a department and has executive \
ftbitity; address in own handwriting and give •
full psrtk-ulais; applications treated in con- j
f.dciice. Apply box 4451. Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks j
required: or.ly institution teaching the ten- !
ferial art. Call or —rite for free catalogue, i
Special offer. Moler Barber College, # C49
Sacramento «t. •
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for ¦
Goverr ;rnent position?. Apply for free cata- |
lorue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond- '
e-ce In-t;tute. Grant bldg.. 1035 Market st. |
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know '
that nd Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has I
¦ ¦1<1«rd 100 new rooms to the Denver House, i
217 Third st.; 2. r <0 rooms: 25c to 5Oo p?r night. ;
WAN'TKD everywhere — bustlers to tack Elgns.
distribute circulars, samples, *tc. ; no can- •
vascinjr- — >od pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago. I
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman. ,
Apply between 9 end 11 a. m. at HALE ;
BI'.OS.'
TWO good, experienced solicitors, city or coun- !
try: new goods: very liberal terms. Apply •
room 721 Starr King bldz.. 121 Geary st
WANTED — Schoolboy to carr y morning paper •
north Market st.. east Powell; no Sunday i
work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
WANTED— Men to fill T.5O rooms at 20c per i
night; clothes closets, hair mattress; electric j
light in every room. CS1 Howard st.
B. F. Barber Collere. 741 Howard St.. wants all !
young men to know that It has the finest
•quipped school west of Pt. Louis; red. rates, j
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- *>5c :
to 60c. £C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d 'ats . |
or 11 Third Et. Examiner building.
TFTY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50 '
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 60; we pay express '
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
MAN or woman to open photo, studio; no car>-
ltal required. Box 44S9, Call offlce.
BARBER shop for tale on Market st; good j
shop. Apply Call offlce.
MEN to learn the detective profession. 937 i
Market tt.. room 104.
•AILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of t
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Eteuart st j
FOR tale — Well located barber shop- good
transient trade. Box 4S81, Call.
COATMAKER and pants and vest makers far i
country. REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter et. j
irfEESENGER boy about 14 In offlce. Apply
room 4. 320 California et. ;
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun- •
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st. j
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where shoes are re* !
paired by machlrery; sewed soles 10 min.. 75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hande) f or
ehips. HALLBERT. W7 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments i
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Mont— y., r.413." j
PENSION atty.. E.A.Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bldg !
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G. A. It !
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar- '
ket— 700 rooms; U5c night; reading rooms- '
free 'bus and baggage t 0 and from ferry, j
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at I
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
JL BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception i
of advertlsexnentfl and subscriptions has been i
opened at lOOSXMarket »t.. opposite Fifth '
Open until 11 p. m. ' :
ALL sixer men's shoes, slightly damaged, half j
Price. 5€3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SALES2IE~ WAJTED. "j
SI i£F E^ I T L * «P« ri ' >n c«l calendar salesmen!
for 1005 to carry best combined line calon- '
<Ia— sr.d noveltieg before public: maklnr '<
contracts now. Apply, with full particulars
about yourselves, Ppotswood Specialty Co i
Lexir^ton, Ky. "*
WOULD you. with pocket sample only, like to ¦
make $200 to $400 commission weekly « I
eome do? If en. write E. L. BROWN. 512
Roe bldg.. Et. Louis. Mo. j
WANTED — Clear salesmen In every locality
experience unnecessary; rood salary and ex*
Newark" Cily EMA:CUEL C °- Statloa J -
EXPERIENCED falssman to eell esUblisb-d
line to retail trade; liberal pay and expenses,
E. M. ARTHUR CO.. Detroit Mich.
JgQJTSriS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of house* to let; send fcr cir-
cular. G. H. VMBSEN A CO.. 20 aiontgomery.
PACIFIC ave.. 1042. near Polk St.— House of
<t rooms and l>ath; rent $25. VON* RHFIS'
KEAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California st. !
JACKSON. 15S0, near Larkln— House of 8
rooms »nd bath: ?45. VON RHEIX RFA1
KfcTATK CO.. 513 California et. "^~»^
TOR tent— To party buying carpets and wm«
lurniture. ileaj.ar.t 7-room houisc, bsth; con-
venleut 943 McAllister ft.
OAK. &37. near Stciner— Desirable house: 8
roo:rs aad bath; rent reasonable.
TO let — Rear bcuse of 4 rooms: 1ZZ2 Larkin.
Apply 1S3O Larkin st
BOOMS TO LET — rnra. and Unfn— >.
ELLIS. 7(39^ — Neatly furnished front room, sutt-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
i ELLIS. 1436 — Choice cozy corner rooms, with
or without board; reasonable.
l "
! FIFTH. 405 — Sunny, newly furnished room.
i FIFTH. 403 — Sunny furnished room; bay win-
dow; new corner flat.
FJLBERT, 616*3 — Furnished and unfurnished'
rooms. > *
FURNISHED room to let. Apply at 103
Hyde «t.
GEARY. 50, top flat — Furnished room; cen-
trally located; gas. bath; lady or gentleman.
GEARY. 1143^ — I sunny rooms, single or en
suite: newly and attractively furnished: all
conveniences: private family: central: reas.
GEARY. 1512— Furnished room, bath; board If
desired.
GOLDEN OATE ave., 303 — Room to rent.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 635 — Rooms ta let.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 930 — Unfurnished rooms:
larse alcove front room facing Jefferson
Park; bay window.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1033— Nice sunny room s
to let; near Jefferson Park.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1206 — Two nunny front
rooms: separate entrance; yard; $13 75.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GREENWICH. 811— Nice famished room «.
HAMPTON place. 18— Furnished room*;
quiet; central.
HARRISON. 403. cor. Fremont — Koum newly
furnished: nice, runny rooms; housekeeping
rooms; electric light and gas.
HARRISON. CIS — Furnished roosts*
HARRISON. 830H— Nice front room for gentls-
man. $2 per week.
HARRISON. 1702— Furnished room to It.
HOFF are.. 12— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 664 H— Front room for ~ «n and
wife or two gents; light housekeeping; $12 80
HOWARD. 713— Large, sunny room* at low
rates; 2So to $1 day and $1 23 to $3 wk.
HOWARD. 860— Rooms to ltt.
HOWARD. 1772— Nicely furnished front room
to let. -
HOWARD, 1772^ — On* sunny furnished bar •
window room.
HYDE, 210— Furnished rooms.
HYDE. 410 — One sunny room.
HYDE. 509— Nice furnished rooms; good loca-
tlon and reasonable.
HYDE. 810. near Sutter— Large furnished
room. $7 a month.
HUGO. 531. near park — New. sunny, modern
flat; 5 rooms; tinted; $23; water fr— .
JESSIE. 82— Nice parlor to rent: $12.
JONES. 307— One room.
JONES. 94.1 nr. Pine— Sunny nicely furnished
scrupulously clean, comfortable convenient;
reference.
KEARNY. 215— Nicely furnished front room
to let.
LACUNA, 910^ — Handsome parlor auite for
couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen; furn. or unfurn.
LIBERTY, 504. nr. Castro— Mod., sun unfur
parlors: 4 con, rms. : adults: ref.; warm belt.
LILY ave.. 134^ — Nicely furnished room, private
family; gas; bath; phone; rent $3.
! MARKET. 7C5 — Furnished rooms to let.
j MARKET. 917— Furnished rooms.
I MARKET. 104» (The Falmouth) — Sunn7 rooms-
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MARKET. 122S— Rooms. $1 50 up; first -class:
transient.
MASON. 1627 — Furnished rooms to 1st.
MCALLISTER. 339^ — Newly furnished sunny
back parlor; phone, gas and bath; home
comforts.
MINNA. 153 — Furnished rooms ta let.
MINNA. 455 — A large, sunny room.
MINNA. 659A— Furnished rooms.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st «0O
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day
$2 to $3 per week; the only new and modem
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has offlce on ground floor, hot and coU
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and el<*-
vator service day and night to ita guests.
MISSION. 141— Nicely furnished quiet room-
ing-house.
MISSION, 838 — Furnished rooms t» let.
MISSION. 36S> — Sunny front room to ltt.
MISSION. 1T23H. near 12th— 4 tunny famished
housekeeping rooms, bath and laundry. $16.
MONTGOMERY. 127— Furnished rooms to let.
MORRIS are.. 106 — Furnished room to let-
NATOMA. 460^—2 connecting rooms for 3 or
3 men; private: gaa; bath.
NOE. 077 — Pleasant comfortable from room.
OAK. 42. near Market — Largs sunny nicety
furnished front parlor to let.
OCTAVIA. 411— A small room to let. $3 a
month. ?. | ;.¦*.
OCTAVIA. 1232— Bunny front salt*. $15.
O'FARRELL. C36 — Sunny furn laaed roam:
quiet block; sear business center. % .
O'FARRELI* 671 — Newly furnished sunny
room, suited for 2; prtrat» residence.
O'FARRELL. 1335— New sunny corner suits;
$16. . -.
O'FARRELL, 1520, near Buchanan — Larg*
well-fum. room, suitable for 2; also a furn.
middle-size room, $6; bath; phone: private.
PACIFIC ave., 1543— Large well furnished front
and rear rooms for gentlemen; rent $12. $10.
PAGE. 1630— Parlor suite; other rooms; fur-
nished and unfurnished; southern exposure.
PERRY. 223— Rooms to let.
PINE. 1735. close in. nr. Van Ness — Elegantly
furnished In red or blue, with all modern
conveniences: phone, etc. ; priv. fan i.; cheap.
PINE. 2020— Room to let.
POINT LOBOS ave., 115— Four sunny outstdn
rooms.
POINT LOBOS ave.. 115^-Four sunny outsid*
rooms; gas and water: $10. |
POLK. 3.115. comer McAllister— A large sunns
front room and small cocking plac*. $12.
POST. 962— Sunny front rooms: water, gas.
phone; $8 mcnth; rear rooms $5 month.
POST. 951— Two lar«e sunny rooms to let*
newly furnished. Call after 2 -p. — i.
POST. 1011 — Room to let.
RITCH. 236— Furnished rooms.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis-Incandescent lights-
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 33c to $1 30- week *2
to $S; month. $» to $30; elevator OTT_roOTd
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: batS?
SACRAMENTO. 1611-Neat and sunny room.
also rear room; private family; gentleman.
SAXSOME. <gl— Rooms to let. ~f-
S 'ro1>m OSE * Ve - 2(37 - A «">¦* furnished from
SIXTEENTH. 3053- Room for gentleman.
SOUTH PARK. 125— Furnished rooms to let
STEVENSON. 547-Furnished rooms. ,
ST g^tfem^ X - 635 - Sunn y Planed room fo,
- _ - _^__ ¦
BUHNER. 18— Furnished room.Whal stmr Belvedere. Captain Tilton, from
Fox Island ' bound in. almost went ashore near
Point Bonlta. Captain Tilton eent word ashore
and the tug Reliance Immediately went to his
assistance. MSSjRRfPB!
¦ ARRIVED.
* Saturday. Nov 6.
Stmr George W. l Elder. Randall. 61 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 49 hours.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs. 4# days from Ta
"whal stmr Belvedere. Tilton, 22 days from
Fox Island. -
SAILED. ;-;
.. Saturday. Nov 5.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, , for . Saa Pe-
Pasadena. Henrlcksoo; for Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 0 — Stmr Nor
wood from Seattle; %chr Sausallto, hence Oct
".I- schr A. B. Johnson, hence Oct 23.
Sailed Nov 6 — Stmr Centralia. for Hoqulam.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nor , 5 — Stmr Jefferson.
fr Saned l Nov &— Stmr Excelsior, for Valde*.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
I_TE SHIPPING IXTELtLIGEXCE.
Wafsonville Loses Pioneer Citizen.
WATSONVILI—, Nov. 5.— Timothy
Sheehy, a native .of Cork, Ireland, and
a pioneer resident of this city, died this
morning, aged 90 years. Deceased came
to California in 1849 and engaged in
mining^ subsequently removing to this
valley, where he followed farming, ac
cumulating a fortune. He is survived
by two daughters and three sons.
Muresca, the fast mudlark in the
string of M. D. Miller, died at Oakland
yesterday.
Captain Forsee, the capable Pinker
ton official, who will see that the legal
turf advisers wear their hats straight,
reached here from the Middle West
around noon time yesterday.
Another carload of horses from Kan
sas City reached Oakland last even
ing. Johnny Schorr was represented
by Olympian, Ananias, Volta and Gold
en Buck.
j. o. Keene, a newcomer out this
way, brought The Gadfly and Repro
bate and will* also train Mansard and
Peter J, the property of Mrs. S. S.
Rogers. In the car besides were two
two-year-olds owned by Gil Curry.
Johnny Schorr had a successful sea
son, on the Chicago tracks. As usual,
Frank Reed will do his riding.
The stables of Tom Ryan and W. E.
Cotton are due to arrive at the track
across the bay to-day.
Johnny Cella, a popular blockman of
Chicago,- is here, ready for the open
ing. Johnny will handle the coin for
one of the field books, while John Troy
looks after the other one.
Al Koenlgsberg, manager for Tich
enor & Co., dropped in from Kansas
City last night. Al made more than
$20,000 booking on the Chicago track.
Unable to stand the pressure longer
Eddie Kauffman, the well known bet
ting commissioner, bade good by to the
East and registered with the batch of
fresh arrivals on yesterday's overland.
Notable among the turf arrivals yes
terday was Starter Dick Dwyer, who,
in conjunction with Jake Holtman, will
dispatch the fields at Oakland and at
Ingleside again the coming season.
Dick comes hpre direct from Kansas
City, where his brilliant work with the
barrier was the redeeming feature of
an otherwise dull and dreary meeting.
As in former years Mrs. Dwyer accom
panies her husband to the Coast.
At a meetins called by the stewards
of the Pacific Jockey Club and held
in the rooms of the New California
Jockey Club yesterday, Thomas H.
Williams and Adam Andrew of the
latter association, and W. E. Dunn of
the Los Angeles Jockey Club, were ap
pointed members of the license commit
tee. Thomas H. Williams was appoint
ed special license steward for the New
California Jockey Club. A. T. Van de
Vanter and W. E. Dunn will act in a
like capacity for the Kings County
Fair Association of Seattle and the
Los Angeles Jockey Club respectively.
The rulings of these three special stew
ards will be subject to the approval of
the regular license committee. All
fines collected will be remitted to the
Pacific Jockey Club, the money to be
used as hospital expenses and for the
relief of needy and indigent horsemen.
Dr. Dunn, track physician for the
New California Jockey Club, is lying
dangerously ill at his .home" in Oakland^
suffering from'typhoid pneumonia, Hia
many friends are greatly concerned
over his condition. • .
Bookmaker George Rose, a stock
holder in the Los Angeles Jockey Club,
is in town, and he pictures a glowing
success for the southern meeting.
George will put on a book at Oakland
in charge of Sam Shaen. 'Sam made
money in the Eastern country, but is
glad to get back on his native heath.
Stewards of Pacific Jockey Club Meet
and Appoint License Committee. -
Scliorr Stable Arrives.
STARTER RICHARD DWYER
HERE FROM KANSAS CITY
The Blossom ranch, consisting 3f 25,
000 acres, has been sold by the C. M.
Wooster Company to the California
Realty and Trust Company for the es
tate of R- H. Blossom. This ranch will
be subdivided into 300 to 500 acre farms
for grain and stock purposes. .It lies
nine miles west of Red Bluft.
B. Getz reports the following: sales*
for the month of October: Lot 25x100
feet on the southeast corner of Moscow
street and China avenue, to Victor
Maena; lot 25x120 feet on the east line'
of Forty-eighth avenue, 225 feet north
of L street, to Henrietta Sechrist; lot (
25x120 feet on the east Una of Forty-';
eighth avenue. 250 feet north of L street,
to Henrietta Paahburg; lot 25x75 feet on
the northwest line of Madrid street, 75
feet northeast of Persia avenue, to John
C. Tippet t; lot 25x120 feet on the east
line of Nineteenth-avenua boulevard,
150 feet north of I street; to Mary Bo
den; lot 25x100 feet on the west line of
Head street, 175 feet south of Sargent,
to Catherine Smith; lot 25x100 feet on
the southeast line of Moscow street. 100
feet northwest of China avenue, to
Katherine McDade; lot 23x100 feet on
the southeast line of Moscow street, 73
feet northwest of China avenue, to
Robert W. English: lot 50x100 faet on
the southeast line of Moscow street, 123
feet northwest of China avenue, to Vic-.
tor Maene; lot 50x100 feet on the north
west line of Paris street, 150 feet north-,
east of Brazil avenue, to Meta Egbert;'
lot 50x100 feet on the northwest line cf
Edinburgh street, 200 feet southwest of
Brazil avenue, with Improvements, to
M. M. Odenthal; lot 50x120 feet on the
east line of Twenty-third avenue. ISO
feet south of California street, to Mary
L. Smith; lot 50x125 feet on the north
line of Montana street. 200 feet east of
Capitol avenue, to Margaret M. Ams
ler; lot 50x120 feet on the east line of
Twenty-third avenue. 200 feat north of
L street, to William L. Funk Sr.; lot
75x120 feet on the east line of Thirty
sixth avenue, 323 feet north of D street,
to Robarts & Taylor; lot 25x120 fact on
the west line of Twenty-third avenne.
275 feet south of California street, with
improvements, to Joseph Ronr; lot 25x
100 feet on the northwest line of Vienna
street, 25 feet northeast of Brazil ave
nue, to P. Christensen; lot 25312) fe»t
on the west line of Twtnty-flrjt ave
nue, 250 feet south of Clement street,
to Katherine Glrard: lot 50x120 feet on
the west line of Forty-seventh avenue;
200 feet north of P street, to Miry D.
Wright; lot 50x120 feet on the weat line
of Forty-seventh avenue/ 250 feet south
of 0 street, to Gilbert Lick; lot 25x120
feet on the south line of O street, 107:6
feet east of Forty-eighth avenue, to
George tV. Moore: lot 25x100 feet on the
rrorthwest line of Madrid street. 27-> f«-*t
southwest of China avenue, to Ilukla
Zetterberg. ISmS
The following sales are reported by
Sol Getz & Son: Lot 50x120 feet on the
east line of Forty-eighth avenue. Ocean
boulevard. 275 feet south of S street, to
H. V. Ramsdell; 25x120 feet on the west
line of Forty-fifth avenue. 150 feet nortb
of I street, to A. J. Nagle; 25x120 feet on
the west line of Forty-seventh avenue,
75 feet north of T street, to Margaret K.
Smith; 50x120 feet on the west line of
Forty-third avenue. 100 feet north of O
street, to Eva Schlanker; 50x120 feet on
the west line of Forty-seventh avenue.
275 feet south of S street, to Harry V.
Ramsdell; 50x120 feet on the west line
of Forty-third avenue, 150 feet north of
O street, to Reinhardt Knuth; 25x100
feet on the south line of J street. 30
feet east of Thirty-sixth avenue,. to Jo
seph W. Goodhue; 25x120 feet on the
east line of Thirty-sixth avenue. 230
feet south of J street, to Clarence M.
Goodhue; 25x240 feet on the east line of
Forty-fifth avenue, 100 feet south of U
street, to H. R. McCoy.
Doran; lot 23:9x137:6 on the south
side of Haight street. 90 feet east of
Clayton, to H. Hogrefe; lot 25x80 on
the northwest side of Bryant street.
220 feet west of Third street, with im
provements, J. A. Colleton to J. Co
misky; lot 24x87 on the north aide of
Bush street, 49 feet east of Central
avenue, R. T. Parsons to William J.
Taber; lot 50x120 on the east side of
Eleventh avenue, 100 feet north of
K street, McEwen Bros, to A. Keogh;
lot on the east side of Fourth avenue,
135 feet north of C street, S. N. Nor-i
ton to Catherine F. Hill; lot and lm-^
provements on the north side of Four-i
teenth street, 91 feet «ast of Devtaa
doro, Realty Improvement Company;
to William J. O'Connor; the southeast
corner of Waller and Ashbury streets.
35x106:3, estate of Julia Leahy to M.
A. Taylor; the northeast corner of!
Devisadero and Fourteenth streets,
from S. A. Born to H. N. Hobbs;.lot
31:6x87:6 on the south side of Pine
street, 61 feet east of Central ave,nue. ;
John Hayes to W. J. Tabor; lot arid
improvements at 1311 Scott street,
from Patrick Ryan to L. D. Stoff, and
the northwest corner of Devisadero
and Fourteenth streets, from the
Realty Investment Company to W. P.
George.
Hoag & Lansdale report the follow
ing sales: Southeast corner of Four
teenth and Sanchez streets, 50x125
feet. Mrs. Louise Barrohllet to Mrs.
N. Hansen, for $8000; lot 25x120 feet
on the west line of Fifth avenue, 580
feet north of Lake street, to E. W.
Brown, for $2625; lot 32x120 feet on
the east line of Sixth avenue, 405 feet
north of Lake street, to Charles
Fisher, for $2100; four lots on the
¦west line of Forty-eighth avenue. 225
feet south of I street, on private terms;
lot 74:4^ix63 feet on the north line of
Fourteenth street, 153:10% east of
Market, to W. F. Porter; two lots in
the Bonnie Brae tract at Saratoga,
Santa Clara County, to F. K. Ledyard.
Baldwin & Stetson have issued a
monthly circular that contains lists of
properties for sale In all parts of the
city, also houses and flats to let.
NEAR THE OCEAN.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5. — New York
may have a hypnotic hospital if the
nascent American Institute for Scien
tific Research receives the support of
wealthy philanthropists. Connected
with it will be a laboratory where the
effect of mental suggestions may be
studied scientifically and a dispensary
where the poor may be treated with
thought for aches and pains.
These are some of the plans which
Professor James H. Hyslop and his as
sociates have in mind and he -intends
in a few days to get several prominent
men for trustees of the new institution.
The professor holds a charter for -the
American - Institute of Scientific Re
search, which is a society for the study
of mental states, with the view of al
laying human suffering and curing
mental and moral diseases.
Special Dispatch to. The Call,
Help of Wealthy, Philanthro
pists Is to? Be Asked by
Those Back of the Scheme
SCIENTIST SEEKS AID
The following sales have been effected
by G."*H. Umbsep & Co.: For Margaret
and Mary Moran, lot 25x75 feet and Im
provements on the northwest line of
Shipley street, 125 feet- southeast -of
Sixth, $3750; account of the California
Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany, lots as follows in Po
trero Nuevo block 121: North
east corner, of Twenty-fourth and Ver
mont streets, 25x100 feet, for $2400; lot
on the north side of Twenty-fourth
street, east of Vermont, $1000; three
lots at $900 each and two at $950 each;
the northwest corner of Twenty-fourth
and Kansas streets, 25x100 feet, $1250;
on the east line of Vermont street, 25x
100 feet, from $800 to $875; the southeast
corner of, Vermont and Twenty-third
Btreets, 25x100 feet,. for $1000; lots 25x100
feet on -the south line of Twenty-third
street, east of Vermont, from $675 to
$700; the southwest corner of Twenty
third and Kansas Btreets, 25x100 feet,
for $1000, and on' the west line of Kan
sas street, south of Twenty-third, from
$550 to $775.
Sales have been made by O. D.
Baldwin & Son as follows: Homeseek
era' Loan Association to T. V. Galassl,
lot 25x100 and house on the west side
of Broderlck street, 170 feet south of
Haight, $5500; David F. McGraw to
Max Fox. lot 25x100 on the north side
of Clement street, 70 feet east of Thir
teenth avenue, $1100; Helene Hew.
etcke to Chris K. Christensen, lot 50x
105 and cottage on the west # line of
Church street, 114 feet south of Nine
teenth* $3850; Mary F. Davidson to
Edwin B. Smith, lot 32:6x116:3 on the
northeast corner of Devisadero and
Lloyd streets, $5700; Norman Parrish
estate to Edwin C. Young, lot 102 :6x
137:6 on the south line of. Green
stree't, $10,250; Alexander Boyd to O.
C. Cappleman, lot 20x120 and im
provements on the south side of Jack
son street, 45 feet west of Davia. $12,,
000; Frederick Boese to Chris Pet
ruslch, lot 25x73 oh the west line' of
Angelica street, 320 feet south of
Nineteenth, $1250; Mrs. Kata Liebig
to Mrs. Elizabeth C Becker, lot 25x
85 and cottage on' the south side of
Twe-nty-f ourth street, 75 feet east of
Homestead, $2000; Oscar C. Capple
mann to client, lot 40x100 on the
north .side 'of Sacramento, street, 35
feet east of Presidio avenue, with five
flats, $9225; Mrs. L. M. Achilles to
John W. Lee, lot 25x114 and cottage
on the south line of Hancock street,
155 feet east of Noe, $2250; Francis E L
Redfleld . to G. de Luca and N. : Fer
roggian, lot 128:9x77:6 and five
houses" on the southwest corner 'of
Taylor and Filbert streets, private
terms, and Mrs. Fanny L. Tyler to
Mrs. Elsie M. Mansfield, ; lot 25x137:6
and cottage on the south line of Cali
fornia street, 156:3 east of Webster,
$4750.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report
the following sales made during- the
last week: Marine; view lot on" the
north line of Pacific avenue, 137:6 feet
east of Broderick street, 50x132 :7H
Thomas Magee & Sons report in their
Rear Estate Circular that 553 sales of
real estate took place in San Francisco
in the month of October, and that the
total represented by all was $6,073,630.
This included the sale of the Oelrichs
properties to a syndicate for $2,600,000. j
The Interesting announcement is also
made that the syndicate mentioned will i
soon begin to erect buildings on the |
Oelrichs lands that are not already well j
improved.' The . building contracts for!
OctobeV amounted to $1,398,524. The I
mortgages and deeds of trust recorded
amounted to $4,260,525, which beats all 1
records in San Francisco. The releases'
of mortgages represented $2,399,152. j
Through the agency of O. D. Baldwin
& Son, Mrs. R. N. Strohn has sold aj
half-interest in the Pacific Warehouse I
property, at Front street and Broad- j
way, comprisng three fifty- varas and i
improvements, for $80,000, to her sister^
Mrs. Mary Carter.
Madison & Burke represented the sell
ers and Speck & Co. the buyers in a
deal by which Louis C. Buck and Mrs.
Mina. Seller transfer to M. Ahrens for
$42,500 30x137:6 feet and three-story
brick building on the south line of Bush
street, 137:6 feet east of Grant avenue.
Christian Girsch has sold the south
east corner of Sacramento and Locust
streets. 37:6x100 feet, with store and
flats, for $16,000.
The C.M.Wooster Company has sold 450
acres of the old Boggs ranch property^
in Colusa County, with orchard, orange
grove, alfalfa fields and residence, to %
W. A. Yerxa of Minneapolis for $45,000;
also 225, acres opposite for $20,000 to Dr.
C. E. Congdon of Jamestown, Tuolume
County; forty acres to G. R. Souter for
$2200, forty acres to D. C. Woodring for
$2400, forty acres to V. O. English for
$2000, acres to Daniel Shell for
$600, sixty acres to W. W. Sunbury for
$5400, forty acres for the El Mirador
Land Company at Windsor to P. J. S.
Montgomery of Tulare for $4000; forty
acres of the same tract to W. D. Hof
fins and E. Cardin, both of Seattle, for
$4000; twenty acres to J. A. Guilford of
Chicago for $2000, and twenty acres to
C. A. Wood of Chicago for $2000.
Hoag & Lansdale report that within
five days they have sold twenty lots in
El Cerrito Park, San Mateo County,
and that there is much inquiry. On or
before November 15 work will begin on
the driveways. -^
F. B. Surryhne reports sales In the
Goodall tract in the two blocks bounded
by Buena Vista avenue and- Alpine,
Waller and Devisadero streets.
The Columbus Savings and Loan So
ciety will erect a building to cost $50,000
on the northeast corner of Jackson and
Montgomery streets for banking pur
poses.
E. W. Crellln will build a six-story
brick structure on the south line of
Mission street, 100 feet from Fourth. £ !
Bovee, Toy & Co. have leased the
fourth floor of the Aronson building, at
Third and Mission streets, to the East
man Kodak Company for $18,000 for
five years; the" store at 214 and 216
Grant avenue to the Berteling Optical
Company for $15,000 for five years; the
third floor of the building at the south
west corner of Second and Mission
streets to Steinberg & Kalisher for the
Progress Investment Company for five
years at $12,000; also for Leo & Michael,
the second floor of 112 and 114 Sutter
street; also four offices in the building
at Third and Jesse streets.
SAMPLE TRANSACTION'S. . .
Lyon & Hoag report . the following
sales: Northwest corner of Ashbury
and Waller streets, 125x150 .feet, to
Robert D. Cranston; lot 60x100 feet on
the west side of Ashbury street, 90
feet 'south of Haight, to. a client of
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.; lot 35x
122:6 on the west side of Folsom
street, 149 feet south ¦ of Seventeenth.
John Auld to William Speck: lot 25x
101 on the east side of Lotta street,
125 feet south of Parnassus . avenuo,
George A. Raymond to H. Huepedon;
lot on the west side of . Nineteenth
avenue. 75 feet south of S street,
Catherine Kobelein to W. T. Howes;
lot 25x123, on east side of Belvedere
street. 100 feet north of Waller, LI M.
Baudoln to A. Burkardt; lot 25x114 on
the south side of Twenty-third street,
230' feet east of Castro, D. Murray to
M. H. Nixon; lot on the west side or
Shrader street, 125 feet north of
Grove, Thomas Barry to A. Cohen; lot
25x125 and improvements on the east
side of Douglass street,. 145 feet north
of Nineteenth, Sage Watson to Marie
Thome & Kilpatrick have closed the
following sales during- the past week:
Northwest corner of Turk and Frank
lin streets, 52:6x80, with improvements,-
W. W. Sessions to Thomas B. Lynch,
for $25,000; house and lot on Sussex
street, south of Chenery, 25x110, Ida
Jacobson to William Forrest, for $2050;
lot on north, side of preen street, 129
feet west of Van Ness avenue, 27:6x
137:6, A. P. Hotallng & Co. to J. B.
Dcspaux, for 53500; lot and improve
ments on east side of Mission street, 55
feet south of Twentieth, 40x95, W. Goeg
gel to !A- Bond, for $10,500; house and
lot on east side of Alabama street, 73
feet north of Twenty-fifth. 26x75, F. M.
Thompson to John .Kelly, for $1300; lot
on north line of Green street, 184 feet
west of Van Ness avenue. 27:6x137:8, to
S. Larsen for A. P. Hotaling- & Co. for
$3500. >•:*• */: ¦^y:>--:;>^:±>
.WESTERN ADDITION.
The William Cranston Company has
sold to. a client the northeast corner
of McAllister and Fillmore streets,
72x87:6 feet, for $33,600. This sale has
peculiar interest in the fact .that the
same property was sold at probate sale
for the estate of Louise N. Babcock to
the highest bidder for $29,800. The re
sale at an advance of $4000 is an ex
ample of the confidence in the» market
to-day and the active demand for
choice holdings. G. H. Umbsen '& Co.
represent the sellers.- The William
Cranston Company also, reports the sale
of a cottage on the east line of Twelfth
avenue, 20Q feet south of Lake street,
and lots, each 25x120 feet. The sellers
¦were Nichols & Rushton. T. B. Draper
has bought from Owen McHugh,
through the William Cranston Com
pany, two lots on the north line of Mc-
Allister street, 102 feet east of Central
avenue, and has begun to erect aix
modern fiats thereon.
Baldwin & Howell have sold at auc
tion for William J. Dingee. adminis
trator of the estate of Alvinza Hay
ward, thirty lots in the block bounded
by Greenwich, Lombard, Octavia and
Laguna streets and eight lots on the
east side of Octavia street, between
Greenwich and Lombard, for a total of
$40,630. In many instances the prices
were considered very low and the
probability is that some of the bids will
be raised in court. The first lot offered
was the one at the southeast corner
of Lombard and Octavia streets, front
ins 31 feet 3 inches on Octavia street,
with a depth of 100 feet on Lombard
street, which was purchased by Charles
M. Mohaupt for $2350. The four ad
joining lots, each 25x100, on the east
side of Octavia street, sold for $1000
each to Paul and Charles M. Tleburg.
Walter E. Field paid $985 each for two
lots on Octavia street, the remaining
one having been purchased by Mrs.
Dougherty for $1000. On the opposite
side of Octavia street three lots, each
25x106:3, were sold for $1050 each. Two
of them were purchased by John Musso
and one by Edward I* Rittore..--' The
lots on the north line of Greenwich
street ranged In price from $875 to $980
each and were bought by the following
Jacob Heyman Company.
George W. Spiller, Mrs. Theresa E.
Sims, Wilhelm Nellsen, Thomas B. Con-
Ion, Charles M. and Paul Tieburg' and
Louis Gemiaini. On the east side of
Lagun^ street^ between Lombard and
Greenwich, two lots, each 25x106:3,
were sold to Frederick M. Volght for
$1010 each. Lombard-street lots sold at
prices ranging from $975 to $1145 each
and were bought by the following
parties: Edward and Frank Kelly.
Margaret and Helen.. Fagat, Frank
Slmonart, St. John E. McCormick,
Lillie T. Swales, Mary Bazzinl- and
Frank J. Klimm.
HAYWARD PROPERTIES.
feet, Irving M. Scott estate to E. .C.
Horst for" $20,000: residence belonging
to E. H. Mitchell, 3851 Clay street,
west of Maple, 42:6x1278% feet, to
James Henry Fannin Jr. for $16,000.
lot on the northeast corner of Clem
ent street and Twentieth avenue, run
ning to Nineteenth avenue, 240x200
feet, $12,000, Russell to Hebrew
Home for Aged and Disabled; lot on
the east line of Second street, south
of Harrison; 83x130 feet, Hooper to
Raphael, for $l0,000r lot and im
provements on the' southwest corner
of Sacramento and Lypn streets, 29x
100 feet, Walter to Mackay for $9500;
lot and improvements on the north
line of California street, 117:6 feet
east of Stockton, 20x60 feet, Ronco
vieri to Wille for $8000: lot on the
west line "of- Ashbury street, 90 feet
south of Haight, 60x118:9 feet, Lyon
& Hoag to Gassner for $7200; lot on
the south line of Clay street. 112:6
feet east of Cherry, -26x102:8% feet,
Clinch to Mitchell for $2750; rear lot
on Devisadero street, 100 feet south
of Geary, 37:6x45 feet. Hammersmith
to Jones for $2000; lot on the west
line of Seventh avenue, north of Lake
street, 25x114 feet, Anderson to Re
gensberger for $1850; lot on the east
line of Tenth avenue, south of I
street, 25x120 feet, Jennings to Kear
ney for $1000; lot on the east lino of
Tenth avenue, 135 feet south of I
street, 25x120 feet, Jennings to Gard
er for $1000; lot on the east line. of
Tenth avenue, 160, feet south of I
street, 25x120 .feet, Jennings" to'
Strecker for $1000. Shainwald, Buck
bee & Co. have this week collected for
their clients on last year's taxes, on
which they protested, over $17,000,
which they are now paying: out to
them.
Institution Where Cure by
Mental Suggestion Will Be
Tried Planned for Gotham
David P. Belknap, for many years
a resident of this city, one of the
founders and the first president of the
Bohemian Clut>, formerly deputy
county clerk, and partner in the law
firm of "Winans & Belknap. died yester
day evening at his residence, 2201 Ful
ton street, at the age of 79. Mr. Belk
nap came to California, in 1S50 from
New York and had oeen identified
prominently with San Francisco since
that time. He leaves a widow. Marion
H. Belknap, a son. Edwin S. Belknap.
who is a New York playwright and
lawyer, and two daughters. Florence
and Marlon. Announcement of the
funeral will be made later.
Build!! Contracts for a Month Sipify ffiiici Improvement
October Record Very Large
NEW HOSPITAL
FOR HYPNOTISTS
AGED PIOONEER
PASSES AWAY
AT HIS HOME
REALTY SALES TOTAL IN MILLIONS
-:¦¦_•¦.¦-. ¦ ' ¦ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1904.
Experiments made by the scientists
appointed for the purpose by the
French Government ; show that the re
sistance of the atmosphere to the mo
tion of a highspeed train often amounts
to half the total resistance which' the
lecemotiye must overcome. . ; - .
47
Rolla D. Fuller 21. Oakland, and .Estelle
M. Croone 19 2CC1 Union street.'' '
b George E. BajrtbSft. 40, city, and Nora Fay.
SO. 22. Garden avenue.
Richard Waloron 27, 2812 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Ann* StiUman 20, city.
Charle* II, Vitalini, '4S, 233 MontRoraery
avenue, and Mary GhiosM. 20. JC9 Greenwich.
Louis H. Hayef, 27. Presidio, and Laura
Knisht. 2:> 2<;i2 Lombard Etreet.
Frank P. Hcln 24" 3143 Steiner street, and
Marie A. E'.lioti. 21. 1«."25 Clay etreet.
William P. Walsh, 48. 44 H Rausch street,
and Jane Kcimode. 54. 44 ',4 Rausch street.
BIRTHS— MAEBiAGES— DEATHS.
Biith. marriage and death notices sent, by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in :: t either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ¦ -
Bon.v.
BRADT— In this city. October 31. 1904. to the
wife of Hichard Brady a son.
CONDON— In this city. October 28. 1J)O4. to
the wife of J. 1). Condon Jr., a daughter.
DOLAN— In this city. November 4. 1004. to the
wife cf John E. Dolan. a daughter.
FORREST— In this city. October 28, 1004. to
the wife of George A. Forrest, a son.
GERRAN— In this city, to the wife of Wil-
liam H. Gerran. a son. - '
LAMBKHT— In this city November 3, 1004,
to the wife of William W. Lambert, a son.
McDONALD— In this city. November 3. 1904,
to the wife of George A. McDonald, a
daughter.
MOLUS— In this city. November 4. 1004. to
the wife of Albert t. Molus. a daughter. .
PORTER— In this city. November 4, 1904. to
the wife of H. P. Porter, twin sons.
MAKlilED.
COCHRAN— BRADY— In this city.
5. ISM, at *?t. James Church, by the Rev.
Father Lynch, Robert E. Cochran of Weav-
erville and May E. Brady of this city.
ER1CSON — DAVIDSON— In this city. Septem-
ber 27. 1&04. by the Rev. Robert K. L. Craig.
J. Edwin Ericson and Eva I. Davidson, both
of this city.
LUCKENBACH— MOSS— In this city, October
13. 11HJ4. by the Rev. William Rader, Harry
Luckenbach of this city and Mary Josephine
Moss of Oakland.
McGOWAN— STERN— In this city, November
3. 1904. by the Rev.. William Rader. Daniel
W. McGowan of Arcata Humboldt County,
Cal., and Lulu E. Stern of San Francisco.
MONELL— BERGER— In Oakland. November
5. 19t>4, by the Dev. Dr. Morrison, Frederick
C. Monell of San Francisco and Hilda Bergtr
of Oakland.
ROSE— CROOKS— In San Rafael, by the Rev.
A. E. Ulrich. Sain W. Rose of San Fran-
cUco and Jean B. Crooks of San Francisco.
SIMPSON — HENRIX— In this city October 1»
li»O4. by the Rev. William Rader. George A.'.
Simpson of Los Angeles, Cal., aad Hen-
rietta S. Henrlx of this city.
Dlt_; ~~~
Belknap, David P. Landstrom Esther M.
Bennett. Mrs. Cath- Leith. John
erln« MeNamara. Catherine
Bourke. Polly McNulty. George S.
Bridgman. Lillian Mathebat. Leon
Byrne. Henry D. Mauerhan. Nellie A.
Carr. Pete r Michau. Louis
Chavanne. Albert Oliver Manuel
Cook. Albert H. Rausch, Walter
Dabovich. Nicholas Restanl. Angela
Edmonds. Stephen Schwind, Magdelana
Ehrlich, Herman Singleton Mrs. A.
Giordano, Nicolas J. Snowgrass. Mrs. J.M.
Griffin. Bridget 6trubel. Valentine
Hildebrandt, Marga- Trenary. Fay
retha Turner. Annie B.
Heydenaber. Adella Von der Nienburg, H.
Homer. James L. Well, Henry
King, Arthur C. Woodside. Jeanle
Kopf. Henry V.
BELKNAP— In this city. November 6, 1904,
David P. Belknap, a native of New York.
N. Y.. aged SO years.
BENNETT— In this city, November 4. 1904.
Mrs. Catherine Bennett, a native of Dublin,
Ireland.
CC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 7:45 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 325 Hayes street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at S a. m.
Interment Sacramento. Cal.. on the arrival
of the 10 o'clock train from San Francisco.
BOURKE— In this city, November 4 1904,
Polly Bourke. beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. C. Connell. and loving sister of Daniel
E. Bourke and Joseph Connell. a native of
San Francisco. A member of St. Teresa In-
stitute No. 20. Y. L. I.
EyFrk-nd* and ax-Quaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
November 7. 1904. at 9:30 a. m., from her
late residence. 1008 Jones street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross CemeteryJ
Young Ladies' Institute, St. Teresa Insti-
tute No. 20^ — Sisters: You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late past
president. Sister Mary B. Bourke at 9:30
a. m., Monday, November 7, 1904. The mem-
bers will also assemble at 8 o'clock this
(Sunday) evening at her late residence.
MIES KATHERINE BAXTER. President
MRS. M. E. GANNON. Rec. Sec.
i BRIDGMAN— In Oakland, November 5, 1904,
I Lillian, beloved daughter of Edward C and
; Maggie Bridgman. sister of Harrj" Etta and
Eddie Bridgman. and twin sister of Flor-
ence Bridgman, a native of Oakland aged
11 years and S days.
BYRNE) — In this" city. November 3. 1904
Henry D. Byrne, beloved husband of Ella
Byrne, and son cf Kate and the late James
F. Byrne, and brother of Frank. Walter W.
and Alfred D. Byrne, Mrs. M. E. Hubbard
and the late Georsre W. Byrne, a native of
San Francisco, aged 39 years and 6 days.
A member of International Shlngiers' Union
No. 1.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November (j, at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 866 Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CARR — In this city. November 4. 1904, Peter
Carr. brother of Alexander and John Carr,
a native of New York, aged 31 years 7
months and 18 days.
CHAVANNE — In this city. November 5 1904
Albert Chavanne. a native x>f Alsace' aged
b2 years « months and 8 days. (Sutter Creek
papers please copy.)
CTRemains at the parlors of H. F Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Funeral and interment private.
COOK— In this city. November 5 1904 Albert
IL. beloved husband of Ella Cook, and be-
loved brother of Fred R. Cook, and son of
Mrs. E. M. Anderson, aged 37 years and S
r5 ys - ,A member of Oregon Lodge No. L
£C of P.
ETThe funeral will take place Sunday
November 6. Interment private. Odd Fel-
Iowb' Cemetery. v
DABOVICH— In this city, November 3 1904
Nicholas, beloved husband of Mary 'Dabo-
vich. and loving father of Mrs. M. Slmrak.
Mrs. Tomo Sargentich of New York. Mrs
Nicholas F. Sargentich of Portland. Mrs
Adam L. Vercevlch and Dudley, Drusilla
and Stephen Dabovich. and grandfather of
Mrs. J. B. Bilafer. Genevleve and Sylaverlne
blmrak. Miliza Sargentich and Gerald Dabo-
vich. a native of Sasovich. Bocche di Cat
tero. aged 84 years 10 months and 15 days
(TJ^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 2<CS O'Farrell street, thence to Rus-
sian Catholic Cathedral for services. Inter-
ment Servian Cemetery. San Mateo County
EDMONDS— In this city. November B 1904,
Stephen, beloved husband or Margaret Ed-
monds, loving father' of Stephen T John J
Lenore and Frank Edmonds. Mrs R. H*
Flaherty and Mrs. T. C. McCarthy, and
brother of Mrs. James Regan, ot Half moon
Bay. a native of County Gal way Ireland,
aged 65 years.
r7"Ki-ienu« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. ltllO Baker street thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Croas Ceme
tery. :. -
EHULICH— In this city, November B 1804
Herman Ehrlich. a native of Germany a*ed
J 5 y ?H?- £, member ot Carpenters' Union.
Local T*o. --.
CTRemalns at the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company 247K
Mission etreet. near Twenty-flrst.
GIORDANO— In this city. November 4 l»Qi
Nicolas J.. beloved son of Luca and' Annt«
Giordano, and beloved brother of PetMrT
Giordano, a native of Now Orleans apTd
15 years and 18 day 8 . (New Orlean7 paDen
please copy.) , w«r»
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. CALL.ACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannaran tt Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEHS
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Teli phone South £0.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Erabalmers——
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 1C7.
5 Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth «t. '
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
I "" ——— — — — — — —^— _^___ ___^___
F. J. Monahan. Manager. ' Tel. Mission 31.
i MONAHAN. O'HARA & 00.
! FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEHS.
2X.0-2ZU Mission tt. near Nineteenth. ' *
| Ban Francisco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN «c CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Kmbalm«r»— -
214 Eddy st. Tel. South -576. .
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 6, 1904. at 0:30 *." m.. at
41 Tehama street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
GRIFFIN— In this city.' November 4, l»04.
. Iirldget, beloved wife of the late Patrick
'Grlifln. and beloved stepmother of Mrs. Kate
Hurley, and srandmother of Harry and
Charley Ryan, a native of County Waterfora.
Ireland.
IC:--Fi-iends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral to-daj
(Sunday), at 12:15 p. m.. from the parlors or
Pacific Undertake!*. 777 Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILDKBRANPT— In Alameda. November- 4,
1904, Marearetha, beloved wife of the late
Henry Hiidebrandt. and beloved mother or
Mrs. James Nelson. Mrs. Dr. William C.
Shipley and William H. Hildebrandt. a na-
tive of Leeste by Bremen, Germany, agea
VI years 10 months and 4 days. -
C'FHendfl and acquaintances are re »P«2»
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) November 7. at 12:30 p. m. irora
her late residence. 1023 Morton street, near
San Antonio avenue. Alameda. thence oy
electric funeral ca r to Cypress Lawn- Ceme-
tery for Interment, leaving foot of MarKet
rtrtet. San Francisco, at 2:45 p. m.
HEYDENABER— In this city. November 5,
l!)0i. Adslia, dearty beloved daughter of An.
nle and Henry Heydenaber, sister of Marie
Heydenaber and granddaughter of Gu?tave
Rastedt. a native of San Francisco, aged
months and 2 days.
E? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 1:30 p. m.. from the residence
of her parents. 61«»4 Lombard street, near
Powell. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HOMER— In this city, November 4, 1004.
James Lord Homer, brother of Harriet A.
Homer, and uncle of J. H. and Grace I,.
.Llvermore, a native of Amesbury, Mass..
aged 76 years. _ f
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sundaj.
November 0. at 2 p. m.. from Pioneer nan,
on Fourth street. Funeral under the aus-
piefs of the California Pioneers; . InteTnle "j
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero struts.
KING— In Berkeley. November 5. 1904. after a.
brief illness. Arthur C. King, formerly of
Chicago and Detroit, aged 59 years.
JCyintcTment Detroit.
KOPF— In this city. November *. 1804. Henry
Vincent, joungest and beloved son of Ve-
rona and Henry A. Kopf. a native of San
Francisco, aged 16 days.
LANDSTROM— In Oakland. November 3. 1904.
Esther Marion, daughter of John J. and
Maria Landstrom, and sister of Ragnhlld
Landstrom. a native of Oakland, aged 1
month and 21 days.
LEITH— In this city. November 3. 1904, John
Leith. beloved »on of Louisa and the late
Donald Leith, a native of San Francisco,
aged 49 years 3 months and 15 days. A
member of California Parlor No. 1, N. o.
G. W.
ICTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral fcunday,
November 6. at 1 p. m.. from the parlors
of Bunker & Lunt. 2606 Mission street, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third
(Mission Masonic Temple), under the aus-
pices of California Parlor No. 1, N. 3. tr-
W. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery-
McNAMARA— In this city. November 5. 1904.
Catherine beloved wife of the late Bryan
McNamara, and loving mother of John F.
McNamara. Mrs. Martin Kehoe and Mrs.
Thomas Martin, a native of County Limer-
ick Ireland, aged 72 years and 6 months.
|L?" friend 3 ani) acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 a. m., from her late resi-
dence 40A Erie street, between Mission and
Howard Thirteenth and Fourteenth, thence
to St Charles Borromeo's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9:30 a. m. Inter-'
ment St. John's Cemetery. San Mateo. on
the arrival of 11:30 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
McNULTY — In this city. November 5. 1904,
George S., Infant son of George and Rose
McNulty, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 daj-a.
MATHEBAT— In Alameda. November 5, 1904,
Leon Mathebat beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Antolne Mathebat. and brother of Vincent.
Alice and Alfred Mathebat. a native of San
Francisco, aged 19 years 8 months and 20
days.
MAUERHAN — In Oakland. November 3. 1904,
Nellie A., beloved wife of John Eugene
Mauerhan. daughter of Mrs. Amanda M. F.
Ward, and sister of Mrs. S. J. Cooley, Mrs.
Hattie A. Pulver. Mrs. Alice M. McDonald
and C. D. A, and J. N. Ward, a native of
Minnesota, aged 31 years 1 month and 19
days.
CTFrifends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 p. m., at her late
residence. 531 Nineteenth street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
MICHAU— In this city. November 5, 1904,
Louis Michau. beloved husband of Mar-
guerltte Michau and stepfather of Albert
Calice. a native" of France, aged 53 years
and 4 months.
ICyFuneral notice hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue. . ,
OLIVER— In this city. November 3. 1904,
Manuel Oliver, a native of Asore Islands,
aged S3 years and 13 days.
H3"Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
November 7. at 10 a. m.. from the parlors
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RAUSCH— In this city, November 3, -1904,
Walter, beloved son of Ernestine Rauscb,
a native of Germany, aged 26 years 9 months
and 20 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 6, at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
i under the auspices <>£' Bartenders' League,
I Local No. 41. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
RESTANI— In thin city, November 5, 1904,
. Angela beloved daughter of Pfetro and Rosa
Restani. and sister of Camerlina and Mary
Restanl. a native of San Francisco, aged
7 months and 25 days.
SCHWIND — In this city, November 5. 1904,
Ma?delana Schwind, dearly beloved wife of
Marx Schwind, and beloved mother of Mrs.
: W. Durchrau and Annie, Albert and Louis
Wiedemann. a native of Germany, aged 45
years 5 months and 16 days.
(T7Remalns at the funeral parlors of th»
H. F. Maass Company, 817 Mission street
SINGLETON— In this city. November 4, 1904,
Mrs America Singleton, mother of Mrs. J.
H. Jones, and grandmother of Mrs. Phil
Langenour of Knights Landing; Cal.. a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 82 years.
SNOWGRASS— In this city. November 5,
1004, Mrs. Jennie M.. beloved wife of the
late R. B. Snowgraes, and mother of Perlle
Snowgrass, a native of Chico, Cal., aged 31
years 11 months and 1 day.
_"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday) at 11 a. m., from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street. Interment private In Holy Cross
Cemetery.
6TRUUEL— In thiB city. November 3, 10O4,
Valentine, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Strubel. and beloved father of Fred-
erick J.. Frank P.. Philip W. and the late
George Strubel, and grandfather of Lydla,
Marcella. Ethel and the late Clarence
Freddie Strubel. a native, of Germany, aged
74 years 10 months and 19 days.
_-Fr!enda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 p. ra.. from the family
residence. 1400 Silver avenue, near San
Bruno avenue, thence to All Hallows Church,
corner Sixteenth avenue and N street South,
for services, commencing at 1 p. ra, A re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of Rls soul Monday, November 7,
commencing at 9 a. m., at above church.
Friends are Invited. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
TRENARY — In this city. November 3, 1904,
Fay. beloved wife of John F. Trenary, a
native of Illinois, aged 18 years- 8 months
and 1 day.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral eervices
Sunday. November 6. at 10 a. m., from thft
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2173 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment . Mount Olivet Cem-
etery, by carriage. , *
TURNER — In East Oakland, November 4,
1904. Annie Brewer, wife of George Chase
Turner, daughter of George C. Brewer.- and
sister of Mrs. Carl S. Newcomer and T- Vln.
cent and George Allen Brewer, a native of
Kingston. Ontario. (Kingston. Ontario, and
Eldora Iowa, papers please copy.)
ttyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral SuDday. November fl. 1904,
¦ at 2 p. m., from the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, corner of Twelfth avenue and East
Fifteenth street. East Oakland. Interment
' private. Please omit flowers. .- .,
VON DER NIENBURG — In San- Bernardino
County. CaL. November 3. 1904, H. A. von
der Nienburg. beloved son of the late Cath-
erine M. and. P. N. von der Ntenburg, and
I brother of Mrs. G. Bulter, Mrs. O. Schroed-
; er, Mrs. Hlllebrand, W. A. von der Nien-
burg, Mrs. Ida A. M. Mangels Mrs. Johanna
Roe* and the late Mrs. E. Schumann and
Mrs H. . Botger. a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 36 years 2 months and 21 days.
(New York papers please copy.)
CTFrieods and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inrlted to attend the funeral Tuesday,
November 8 at 2 p. m.. from Union -square
Hall 421 Post street. ¦ between Powell and
Mason, where servlcea will be held under th«
auspices of Germanla Club. Remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission'
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment private. Please omit Sowers.
WEIL— In Alameda. November 5. 1904 Henry,
beloved husband of Helena Well, and father
of Benjamin, Albert, - Julius. Emir and
Beckie Weil. Mrs. -B. Levy and Mnft T. V.
Uchtenstehi of Sacramento, a native of
Germany, aged 74 years 6 months and 12
days. -¦ • • ¦ •¦' • • -¦ ' . •
(C7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:15 a, m., from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street. Inter,
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
a,- m.- train from -.Third and Townsend
streets. "Mff'llf^inBHnWM'MW JIM
WOODSIDE^ — In Alameda. November 4, 1904.
Jeanle daughter of William J. and Marian
Woodside, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged
18 years and 6 mont>*
ICXFuneral private.
TCOST^ TO LST — X*nro. Raft - TJaliiXii.
TAVLOU, lUr. — Nice mite cf rooms.
TAYLOR. I'M — Sunny bay-window room.
TAYIXJR. M5R — Handsome eunny room; suit-
able -; runnins water, pus. bath: ?lit.
rnHAMA. C2— Furnished rooffif.
TnilAMA. 72 — Pleasant furnished rooms to
let-
TEHAMA. 217— Rooms suitable for working-
men or Kirls; cheap; housekeeping if desired.
TEHAMA. TTIV* nfisr Fourth — Sunny furnished
ro.im; single.
TUK FT. KATKRTX. CORXER KLLIS AND
I.EAVKXWOHTH PTP.— POSITIVELY THE
E£UXXt_ T IlOOMS IN THE CITV: NE'.V
BAKtTABT HAIR MATTCKSSES. BATHS.
BLCCTItlC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODE_! CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOniS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larohmont. 361 S'Jtter— New brick bllg..
Sliseljr furnished; hot, ocld water. «t#am heat.
jjrivll««» to baths: $2 SO to $5 per week.
TO let— A larje furnished room. Arp'y 15S*
Ru&h fctrcet.
TfRK, S09— A fumifhed rof-m.
TfRK. SCO — Two connecting rooms for lady;
private family: choice location; no ripis; $10;
reference* exchanged.
TWENTT-SIXTH. CWlfV-Room to letS
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — «0C
rooiss 35c to $1 n.pht. (1 73 to JC week; elec-
tric lijrbts <no *as). running water in every
room; elevator. read--room; tre« bus. barrage.
VALENCIA. 23 0 — Large sunny room; private
family; call Sunday or evenings.
VALENCIA. 11^2— Sunny newly furnished
rooms; reasonable; r.ew flat.
VAN KESS av<?.. 1021— Nicely furnUhed room.
VAX NESS. 11'2. cor. Geary— 2 furn. rooms;
front; eunny; fS and $14; all accommodations
WEBSTER. S12— Furnished rooms.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
V ft convenient and respectable ; 700 rooms;
S5c to SI 50 rJshtlr; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec lights: reading -room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms for 15c per night up; e>-
ger.t transient rooms, 50c per eight.
ADVERTISEMENTS. «ubBcription» received it
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
COOKS AND BOARD.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031, nr. Jefferson Park
— Sunny ro^ais; bath; private house; good
board; f20, $23; two. t32, $30 month.
HOTEL COMORA, C21 O'Farwll— 2 south sin-
gle. 2 sunr.y suites, with bath; superior
table; billiarc!s :
IKAVEL1., S18. opp. Hotel Fairmount— Ele-
tract!)* fnr. sunny rooms, en suite or single;
excellent board; refined family; marine view.
WANTED — Refined young lady to share apart-
ment rooms with musical Btudrnt. Box 4531,
Ca!l office.
i;i>DT, 722 — Elegant parlor suite, with board
all modern Improvements.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with best
of French table ko&rd-
HAIGHT. 332— Large sunny suite; runnins
water: grate; second floor; corner house.
¦ -HOTEL MCALLISTER." Van Nees and Me-
Allifter — 1 runny single or 2 choice suites.
HOWARD. MIA — First-class board and room,
f'.ngle or double. $5 week; American family.
LARGK double room, with board for two; $50;
hot water. SOC Leavenworth st.
NICELY furnished sunny front room, wltl
t>_rd\ 4-.:.A _inna it.
ROOM and l>oard; reasonable, 304 Stelnei
str***.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
607 California— See rma. learn prtce«.try table.
Tt'RK. 115»— Nice large furnished room for !
or " pcr.tlemer, with board; reasonable.
BOOKS AJTS BOARD WASTES.
WANTED — By English gentleman, two fur-
rithed rooms, with breakfast and dinner,
near park, or residence with pood private
tamily: ref er<_-noes ; state terms: no board-
inK-housos communicate. Box 4476. Call.
BOOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 2 furnished rooms for light house-
keeping, Nov. 17, by young man and wife,
in private house north of Market; must b*
reasonable; state price; b<>*t of references ii
desired. Address box 41S2. Call office.
REFINED youj^ couple (no children) desir<
2 light housekeeping rooms with private fam-
ily: permanent; reasonable rent. Box 4448
Call office.
TWO healthy men wish furnished room in top
jtTrj" with privilege of sleeping on flat roof.
Box 44r.7. Call.
SOCIAT^
TROLLEY parties, ctabs. fraternities. look
her*; a chance to make merry; cozy daaci
hall and dinners to suit any pune at Ir>
Gardens. Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car slnea. Make arrangements at room 211.
Mulrhod building. Market and Larlcln ¦_
t>i: W JLJf Q MACiiLia IIS AJD SUPPUES.
THE balance cf cur shopworn sewing machlnci
win be dosed cut this week at about ,oat-
third usual pricea; this is the chance of a
lifetime to buy the best machine on earth
at Ittxta price. \Vhlt«- Sowing Machine Co.,
new retail office 915 Market st.
ALL maKec; 2d hand. $2. 55. $7. $3; new. *4.«8;
drop heads, S drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
£. M. Co., 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC— The rr.arhme for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
prioc; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Marjtet st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second -hand $3. $2, $8; ¦lightly
used $10. $15. $20; you know where the dolli
swing In the window. 1061 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 c*nts— The Weekly Call.
16 E*re< la wrapper, for mailing. $1 per rear.
__BTOllAaB^AK5_WABEHOUSES : _^
A— EM PORIUM 8torage & Van Co. : furniture,
household goods stored, moved, cfaiped. 72V-
TS1 Howard »C. nr. Third; phoo« Grant lfft.
CAPITA!* Vaa ud Storage Co.. 8 Eddy St.;
phone Mist 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIEPjCB-RODOLPH Storagt * Moving Co., of-
tie* Post and Powell sts. ; teL PrL Ex. . 371.
CONEJLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. .133 Oolden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
P€LPy. 2320 Ft 11 more St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Mont'f-omerjr
st. : tel. Main IMP. Shipping at cut rates. .
STOP DEIITEIHO.
GUARANTEED cure; send 60c; tabtet~forni
nzaited in plain package; has cu'-ed thou-
tar.da. L. _ C CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
38 TTyE-wrRirras aztc> sxtppltes.
AN exc-puonally good No. 2 Remingtonr^y'o.i
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriter Exchange. 538 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
WrbrtT Typewriting Inrpec. Co.. S08 Market.
ST6X&M that ha» oct failed a elngle day in
in yemim: can l<e operated on any track- |2fK
capital pays ovpr ?2O day. O. B. PAIrKER^
Uii Gfary rt., loom 43.
yiAVx.
A WAT to health; mothers' and daughters'
1 '' *? o}aet f ™*- w »1te for It.
. VIAVT CO.. Van Nets. Phone East 282.
STTTTTl_nrQ ABD 3T____3fa.
MELBOURNE InsUtute. VanTcesVand Market!
can*: estxb. In S. T. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m!
MAltlUAGE L1C_VS_J.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
y>v trday:
llarttn P. Stanovich. 23. 803 Montgomery
c venue, and Rosie Faccini. IS. 1403 Kearnr
August C. BJver 61. $02 Indiana street and
I-ouii-o Mueller, 41. C<5 Cumberland street
Ua«ano Crtscl. 23, 014 Francisco street 'and
Uiuseprina Deluca. 20. S14 Francisco street
Paul <^rhon«. 2(5, ::<5» Chrstnut street and
Kittir Hennrtt. 2*. '-X0 Chwtnut Ftr**t
r'rank <). ICd™. 2S. Baden, and Maude L
Benson. 22 city.
Charles 3»vimport, 42. 13C7 Mason street,
and Caroline Eva_ 40. istn Mason street.
Joseph Joseph. 21. 1834 Buao street and
Theresa Mfyer, IS. 12tB Mission street.'
Eherman E. Holladay, 21 Oakland and 1I_'
toelle Sparkj. 18. Oakland.Mrs. Sarah C. Bigler, known among
Mormons as "Saint Sarah," has Just
died at Plymouth, Utah, at the age of
ninety-eight. She was one of . the
earliest converts of Joseph Smith and
was one of his closest friends until his
death. Twice, in the early and trou
blous days of Mormonlsm, she helped to
eare the founder's life.
Don't miss Socialist final grand rally Monday
night, Alhambra Theater. Brilliant speakers.*
NIAGARA FALLS, Nov. 5.— Miss
Carrie Wahl, daughter of Mr. N and Mrs.
Adam Wahl of this city, is believed to
have made .a sensational attempt at
suicide in the Niagara River this af
ternoon. Her rescue was thrilling In
the extreme. She now lies in Memorial
Hospital in a precarious condition. She
re'fuses to make a statement to the
Coroner and even her own mother has
been unable to extract' from *her a rea
son for her act.
¦ Miss Wahl was employed in the of
fice of the Natural Food Company.
After the noon hour she left her work
saying that -she did not feel well. An
hour/ later .she was discovered floating
down the river, several . hundred yards
above. the brink of the American Falls.
Some boys on Willow Island heard her
"With the daring of veterans in crinie,
two boys yesterday afternoon perpe
trated ¦ one of the most sensational
burglaries that have recently engaged
the attention of the Mission police.
The scene of their operations was at
the residence of Charles Evers, a team
ster, 309 Shotwell street, within .a
stone's throw of the Seventeenth
street police station. Jewelry worth
$100 was stolen. ; The thieves were seen
by persons living in the rear of .the
building and Detectives Graham and
Fitzgerald have an excellent descrip
tion of the culprits.
. Shortly after the ; noon hour yester
day Mrs. Evers left home on a trip
down -town.- About an hour later two
women • living immediately in the rear
saw two boys mounting a ladder in the
rear, of the Evers residence. These
BOY BURGLARS
RANSACK HOUSE
SAVED FROM DEATH
AT NIAGARA FALLS
DESPERATE GIRL'S PLANS ARE FOILED
screams and saw her clutch wildly at
the rocks of the old Wing 1 dam at the
head of the island. They called for
help and Arthur Brady and George
Haney, who were working near at
hand, responded.
At- the risk of their lives the men
made their way out on the rocks and
waited until the woman came near
them. Both men were in imminent
danger of being swept into the rapids
and over the falls, but they plucklly
made their way forward and finally
Haney succeeded in grasping the
young woman by the hand. With
iSrady's help, he pulled her upon the
rocks and the two men then began the
task of getting . the now unconscious
woman back to the 'shore.
The ! rocks were slippery and . both
Brady and Haney went into the water
several times, but In each' Instant
they clung to the rocks and prevent
themselves from being drawn into the
swift current. .
J^M W" 1 !? reaChed sol!d foo »n S
with their burden the woman was
placed in an automobile and taken to
Memorial Hospital. The girf'a coat
and hat were found at the foot of
Fourth street, where she had evidently
placed them before her desperate at
tempt at suicide.
The Story of a Penny.
There is an old saying. "A penny
saved Is a penny earned." A truer axiom
was never uttered. If you get into the
habit of putting away the money
you otherwise spend for nothing, that
money is really earned. Saving Is the
great secret of financial success* Begin
to save and observe the result. You can
r-oen a savings account with $1 with th*
Phoenix Savings, B. and L A.™? 61©
California street, receiving 4^ per cent
Interest, compounded seml-annually On
term accounts 5 per cent is allowed, pay
2*»' e "" nl -* nnuanv - Paid-up capital. $1 -
2.10.000:. guarantee capital! J200.000 The
directors are: A. A. Wotir| na r*h nr i»« n
Bishop, s. Prentls ¦' Smith. oSSe C*
?»HH^ a i n> Ga^ n Mc *a*>. Charles k
Ladd; Clarence Granje. managing dire*.
.The- boys are r described as -being
about 14 years, of age. Theyiwere clad
in 'brown overalls and' lieht shirts. '
neighbors called to the lads, but re
ceived no response. Nothing more -was
thought of "the "matter "until* the burg
lary was reported... -
i Mrs. Evers returned « ; home about 5
o'clock and? upon entering her bedroom
was' startled to find a heap of laths
and plaster scattered over the room. A
gaping hole in the deiling, two hatchets
on the bed and a burning candle on a
dresser told the story. . An examination
of the bureau drawers disclosed the loss
of two gold- watches, a chain and
locket and stick pin.
The police. were immediately, notified.
The] detectives found the burglars had
entered the blind attic of the house
through . an .outside ,• trapdoor,' which
was reached with the : ladder. : A hole
was chopped through the bedroom ceil
ing and tho house was then; ransacked.
Every; drawer was examined, but only
the valuables were taken. During a
search of the china closet with a can
dle the shelf paper was set on fire and
considerably burned. In their haste the
thieves overlooked $30 -hidden in a,su
gar, bowl. 5 ;. ;
cisco, while on a visit to France a few,
months ago, saw in the flesh the man
who was long ago accounted among
the dead. The recognition was com
plete, for the San Franciscan had
known Keefer well in his gala days
about the Palace Hotel eight and ten
years ago.
The tourist was leisurely making his
way about Paris when he met Keefer,
who appeared to be idling along in a
stroll. The latter returned the greet
ing, but immediately became frigid and
moved away. There, could be no mis
taking of the identification, it is said,
and the friends of Keefer give credence
to the sensational information that
was brought back from France.
The theory of murder was generally
accepted by the folk of Calaveras, and
the many friends in San Francisco
would listen to no other explanation
than that of foul play. Keefer was en
joying all the best things of life, his
fortune was rapidly growing 1 , Jt was
believed, and his buoyancy of spirit
was such as to preclude the idea that
he was himself responsible for his
strange disappearance. Suggestion of
suicide was regarded as utterly unten
able, and there was absolutely no rea
son, it was argued, for him to run
away. These surmisings almost led to
a direct charge of murder agannst a
suspect.
Keefer'8 sister. Mrs. Martha Davids,
•whose home is at 422*4 Seventh street
in this city, continued for years to
prosecute a search for some trace of
her lost brother. She, too, believed
that he had been murdered, but there
could be no avenging of the crime, for
cot the slightest clew was ever discov
ered to lead the detectives beyond the
dilapidated hat.
The years rolled on and Mrs. Davids
and the friends who had aided her
Kave up the hopeless search. Every
avenue of investigation had been ex
hausted, every possible theory had
been worked out, and the devoted sister
at last reconciled herself to the harsh
conclusion that she would never, learn
how her brother came to his death
nor who accomplished it, for she was
firm in the conviction that he met
foul play when walking: alone among
the foothills, engrossed In the constant
plannlngs of his Napoleonic brain.
Keefer had made no disposition of
his property Interests. There was some
real estate In San Mateo County and
other property, valued altogether at
about $3000. But in addition to this he
tad many thousands of shares in the
Calaveras Mining Company, which he
had promoted with such picturesque
ness of method and of which he was
the manager. This 6tock, however, be
came Involved In litigation with A. B.
Thompson, whom Keefer had Induced
tc join him in the venture.
A f«w weeks ago Mrs. Davids . ap
plied to the Superior Court' for letters
of administration on the estate of her
brother. Seven years had elapsed,
and, as the law provides, she' asked to
have him declared legally, dead. The
case Is pending now, and as if a mes
sage from the dead, the report Is re
ceived that Keefer is alive and well,
spending his days In a quiet home fn
one of the suburbs of Paris.
A trustworthy citizen of San Fran-
No man ever set a hotter pace In San
Francisco than "Windsor A. Keefer.
'So mining promoter was ever more
bold in his exploitations. No person
ever dropped more suddenly from the
sight of fellow men and buried himself
more completely in impenetrable mys
tery than he did almost eight years
ago. And now, when it is petitioned
to have him declared legally dead,
comes the startling: — almost grew
fome — announcement that he is enjoy
in? the Quiet of a secluded life in
Paris.
The last that had been known of
Keefer was at a mine he was develop
ing 5n Calaveras County on a grand
fccale in 1897, and no further than the
finding of his torn and battered hat
on a side hill could the detectives go in
their efforts to ascertain what had be
come of him.
rORMEn CALIFORNIA*?. LOKO
MOURNED AS DEAD, SAID TO
BE LIVING IN PARIS.
WINDSOR I KEEFER,
LONG THOUGHT DEAD.
IS LIVING IN PARIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', ; SUNDAY, NOVEMBER G, 190*.
48
HALE'S. | • BALE'S. | HALE'S. . I HALE'S. I HALE'S. '
THANKSGIVING and CHRISTMAS— the issues to be con- vice, Right Prices, Satisfaction. It's an open book, but between ¦ _
Pyrography sidered now, and seriouslv, (for THANKSGIVING is only a little the lines there is a world of interest. New limner SdS
Chrlstmas-Haie's. over two weeks away and'CHRISTMAS next month). It's time to _,. When you think of Hale's think of , « j*^ AU Specially Priced.
¦ , • : , . • , , . , r ii r . • • . i Think of the extra advantages such buying does bring, nun*- rrockerv store is reailv
W ,h C V° U f hT," d an \u° c s th f O r b tlS C u thC u h ° PPmg PlaC K C J h ° 0Se CarCfUlly ' f ° r Jt S mo 5V mP ° rtan what they mean to you. - £g e^Sh aH the strength
think of both the others, for this to buy where you can buy best now than it is at any other time of Santa Claus has studied the issue at hand carefully. He has of six . store buying back of it
th^'founh^oorb ready all the vean You want to be sure of the things you give. You want made Hale's his .California headquarters for the Christmas cam- Lots o f W omen have been sur-
sorts°of thin« r to burn. to make your money go as far as you can. Elect a safe store;' one paign. See what that means on the third floor in the toys and priscd to scc its extent and scope
tSMltisMg&X^ you can put your t r ust in; one whose energy and know.edge and t^^^Z^^^f^i £LZ£.
mo d rrow I \S VantaBe for >OU tO tO " pOwer WlH be directed toward helping you to get as good as can Study platform, study policies, study goods, study prices. Com- Here's a
Netu Stools at 6or be had and s P end as littIe mon ey as possible. pare Hale's with others. Compare this Hale ticket and cast your Cottage Set, $17.50:
They're 15 inches high, with an 11- READ THE HALE PLATFORM: Good Goods, Good Ser- ballot to-morrow where your best judgment dictates. ig J^^^g^S^^"^
inch top, tripod legs, strongly ~T~. ! '' ' ~^ ¦ •» s ° ld edse; thin# liKht wel8rht Havtland :
Christmas opportunities this fourth f *>J*~ rO'.iii";-"''/' "«>i i ni «\t\\ ¦ . *llf!l 11*1 1» *T lit* i,,. x ....nitm t\\ V\ •»¦*• « *% *• *¦
floor department is. offering. /|L\\ I' llfllf !•• *\\\W% ' \W 1 U''I| '* 'Hi .' '1 ' '' '' < |' I|ffl V\ M Dinner Set, $16.65:
/// l\ . .1 ||| • 'I I ' t- ' j' 'I I • - ' S \\\ 'ill 100 pieces In English seml-porceUln.
/'I y S\ I I I J ". ' J Hj ttv 'vi with green floral decorations, under-
Orrfpr hv TYliil ua m it 1/ ul VI ' aze<^» a^ 8>old, hand traced.
Christmas Next Month. IS#\ \ S** 1 - J 1 C* .^ AJl^\^ * B _*-*. t-m. fl -,-*.' If \ fM eo° pfefw oV English semi-porciua.
If you live at a distance it isn't a bit /F U K I | (T|T |^| Q T f\ f* T ji A 1 f$ fj I ' | B o[ d al ef^ou? &«£!?**!* '%%
too early to do your ordennp now. I W \ \^S » * %.- JL ¦ jlI JL \*Jr JL Qy JL M. JL Pv-X JL v -*> .>jl from.
If you will send us your name we will \J 0 r~"^ *** / \ j "D1 ?•? t-o fine
send you our new Christmas book. It I y S9 t «? ;V * '• ' :^ ; # V^ # • T% CT*W J. TJF t * I / blatters, Ogc.
is filled with gift hints for every one I y ft tl H A/ tl ft Iff tl e fl tl H ' itiftti/^O Tfl riflV f fJPfTJ fit tlCLLQ 5 "N. / 20-Inch ones. In whlta semi-porcelain,
and economies. \/^ •/Zillt IT LLJJtKlflb, HULL %**llU,fll*& LU JLJLty XllGliL IXC XXtX.CC; »J fancy shape, neatly embossed.
. Table linens that are all linen. See what a variety there is and look at the newness and -
RllV 1 g\jr W/ O I \r t f-l Q* Pur « white cloths, dainty and spick, span and snowy. Linen: all linen, means more now than it has meant VJICdL LU DUy
I_>lii LUL VVallVIlIt *JJIV11 IO a ny year before, for with advance methods it has become so easy to slip a little cotton in that wont be detected.
" -•'•' -J m vt»>— . (They even make whole cotton cloths now that an expert can scarcely tell from linen.) A lVT^kmir T^*»5#-t-i ma/1 KI o4-
4-n Coll af CO O^Z As weavers grow more adept and importers grow more careless we are growing more careful. Our experts sub- /-\ nCW 1 FllllillCU lldL
IU tjCll dl «pXr* / O mit them to microscopic examination to prove their texture and worth and truth. And importing in such quatltles .
, . "« .'i V j i as we do (more than any wholesaler on the Pacific Coast) brings you rare advantages, not only in price, but in ex- q. .. . , , , H ; f mo«f #»lar»nraf»
Many Of them should be $5-00, and lOW elusive patterns. See some of these beautiful cloths to-morrow, how natural the flowers and leaves shine out of tha vjet inc piCK OI tne pretlieSl, most eiaDOrate
_, , . T^ . weave. It's wonderful when you think not a bit of color has been used to shade them. stvle<? tfi#» "H"a1*» mi11Jn#»rv **nrt> Tia« «rirtvtrn tUla
priced at that. They're in gray,, brown and jj Thank ivi Hnen time> a time we have prepared especially for, for we know you are H le "T7 T a t f
Oxford mixtures. Some of them are full plait- thinking linens now as you think them at no other time of the year. We want you to think of season and pay nearly half and less than half
ed, with straps of the same material at the Hale's. Two big windows full that will interest you. See them to-day. than Hale low prices.
hips. Others have each seam tucked and fall First —
loose at the bottom. Others are seven-gore.d Splendid Table Cloth, $2.15 '** Hemst'^ed^amas^c^ot^an^nap- "ty 44.75
skirts with full flare tucked hips, fancy pocket Ifs a pattern doth r, -, way a J ound> all j^ 2^ g£| in ch set. C jo£er. S to g^ for hats that are worth $io.oo. Yes, many
effect. Lengths 39 to 43. Waists 23 to 30. yards long. See what a sturdy quality it is, and how pretty the. patterns yalds"^ at ss!oo to $16.50. ' of them you will have hard work to du-
A ,i, t <;_ ft . are. There are only 35 of them to start with. We don't expect to be able When you think of linens we want «i:~i . a «t ~. -kt k t-i
All at $2.<) D . to tcll of them again $ 2 I5 , you to think of Ha ie's. plicate tinder $12.00. r*o two alike.
no^? e SJm?%? k !K»^? tK wiSK £SK IS Napkins, $z.x 9 dozen: . ' Table Linen, 5 oc yard: O Q o fi nn
°to asfcfflfeiSSiS yo B u ut wan? aTi^wSkS §&»?,& 7 V 1 a gS cb .ft a S "SS? ?»»" 800 Yards 62-Inch Fa y * 1 0.UU
skirt surely see them at $2.96. One of the biggest te^? Qualities ud to *5 00 d.MM Another 66 lache« wide at 65c yard, , .
Bastern makers turning to spring work let our New ler Quanues up to *3.ou aoxea. wJth napkilis to matc ii at $1.75 dos. ,_, -a w»' a a ior "atS that are WOrth S18.OO and $20.00.
York office have all the skirts he had left. Because 70 inches wide at 75c yard, with I *lHlP> I lflf^fl A- AC T *u- c t i. a l * • •
we could take them all he made the price better than Table Cloths $1 7C* napklni to match at $2.00 doz. Up 1 ClILMw 1_^1UV~11 9 "T"TW In tniS lot there are many imported
we expected. His loss is your gain and ours. See v w ' s»*«/o. 72 incheE wlde at $li25 to $2.00 l .' jiu**i_\li. e t^-,
some of the skirts in the window to-day. All linen, bleached. 2 yards long, doz. l t ' s damask that js always sold model hats that have come from Paris *. hats
' ""ii)°™lin°Zi ~ Dauerhaft Linens glMgffii^^S P" Wh ' Ch '»-e trimmings alone would ordinar-
«w t . -i • - -*-- «V ! % many pattern cloths elsewhere as That are made specially for Hale's. ber of good patterns. U Y cost more, let alone work and the hundreds
WOOl WaiStinSTS, 3SC Yd. you will find here It's a fad of ™ t a *| e c?~ prlcef. DS™blV?In!n 8 ?they Spice in this splendid Thanksgiv- of miles they have Come and the dutv.
° 7 *^ ours to have a splendid choosing, have taken their name from their qual- ing offering. When the 800 yards t - '.-„..••
.„..._ •'-_"- For we know lots of vou like to ity. Beautiful linens, but you have to are gone there will be no more at Its an event filled with extraordinary meaning
28 Inches Wide, in Bright New Patterns. ££ with the border all -f^them to understand their worth. 44c yard. . »«£««!•
Here are the new creams, striped and mercerized around. They're much prettier H ' titched clotn . $1JlOs <»««»» Ta^Dama.k.^Oc when -^.w-an^ants^new^^ want^t as
figures, and black and colored grounds. Fancy ££&*£?¥££?%£ at BSE titc^Ii.sff JX*& ?£t T^V^l\ 8S Iffi S^SSS th°e f
self patterns, a beautiful waistmg. Still better yet: a yard, long at lon^ at $2.00 to $10.00. 3 yard. wid j^ n e quality. 6O0 yard. biggest millinery business we have ever had this
The right styles, the right weights for winter jg£ • T«d. *«, at ,4.90. All lon^at ,3.50. to a perfect beauty at q q gjj. We a^^showlng our^appreciatlon of your
A little lot for the maker. Too small for him to bother to-morrow. You know you are welcome just to look
- with A big lot for us and a big opportunity for ; ; Hats of velvet and B ,& and fur and trimmed wtth
you. Share it to-morrow at 35c instead of 75c a yard. pompons, aigrettes and big plumes, every color and
(Christmas Interest Increases at Hale's.) ever >" «hap^, at half-price and less. $4.75 and $10.
n T\??n E " ?3c T he Doll Furniture— Ready Bleached Musim, 6c
Beautiful ls;ew Shaded Effects. . » • oc •
It's an imported ribbon, a shaded effect, 5 inches ClaimS FirSt JUtefltlOn TO-MorrOW 36 lncheS WJds
wide. Beautiful blendings from tan to brown and How much of it there is and how good and how the children will be delighted. That must 36oo Yards of It. It Should Be oc Yard.
cardinal to green and the bluette shades and haye been what Santa c , aus thou ht when he was ma king it. He is getting to be a better work- Jt's" a fine soft finish, a pure bleach for underwear,
other lovely combinations. man ey r y ou ca^ gee j fc in these little dresser stands at $1.00, oak sideboards at 45c, era- It>s a q uallt y that should sell at oc. It's a quan-
*Z2^^*nJ&t£l^&^£l£YiSZ dies at 25c, and chairs at 10c. Here's every article of furniture for the doll baby, just as complete, gr opportunity brings us so we can sell it at 6c.
%$£ Ke r SthJ a?St£ce^t?. O o^rt«X i ust as P erfect as those bi^ er P ieces mamma a "d Papa use. llong with:' firSt "^ to - morrow raornin^
at 23c a yard. They're all out on the third floor to-morrow.
Santa Claus is demanding more and more room every day. Already he has taken the fourth floor for the 73x90 Sheets at 38c— Blankets at $3.45 pair—
¦ velocipede! and trlcyclei and other wheeled toys. „' , „ , - .. Made with a 3eam 11-4 size for double
CHRISTMAS NEXT MONTH. It's time to do some lively planning now. See the windows to-day and visit down the center, but beds wool and cotton
_ i; ; ;; V,...'-' the third floor to-morrow. Here is . , look at the size and mixed. It's a regular
A f*T— I f\(\ m" I QnACTf*l^C - W r« m J. ' +C\ J • the <l uaIlt y- They sell $4.50 blanket at $3.45.
/\rL-iUUiii 1 apcbiricb I nfQ of r H iirniTHFe ll)c fivin 2Sc resuiany at 50c. to- „* -.„,„ '»«¦•**,.
*r LU15 Ul 1 UIIUIUIC 1UC dllU **\J\* morrow 720 of them at 9° X 99 Sheets at 65c —
See at Hale's what you have read of in the u . A * x °? here is Doll ' s h }& . chair » in tall, enameled in red or white, with gilt trimmings. Or a 10K in. »¦ b?d th s e i 1 *"! est Th O e?r2
': chair with little arms, enameled in red or white, gut trimmings.., . Pillow Cases at 10c — bleached: regular 75c
magazines. . At 25c a doll's cradle, with high sides, enameled, 18 in. long. And at 25c set, mattress and two pillows Bleached, regular l2VJc sheet at 63c.
We knew vou would want to see them that fit the cradle. An antique oak dresser for the doll 25c, with swinging mirror and three drawers. It's 11 % 50x36 at la^c. Cotton Blanket at 48c—
¦:.':.. i?.r ¦ in. tall. An oak cradle, 17 in. long, with rockers and wire mattress 25c. Hint after hint for the little girl's Christ- wh't^ R^'d «!n ii« s 52x76. with colored
We have made it Our business to bring them mas. Prices that mean more now than they ever meant before. Crocheted and hemmed sTvYn g^lSO SirV
+r» "PVjjnfMcrr* frtr vr»n Doll'e Iron Be- S1.25: , i:V < Dre««er, 85c: and ready for use; 76 They're gray in color'
IO San rranciSCO ior you. 24 , nches long wlth ' fancy head and foot piece, enam- Knameled in white, hard finish, has three drawers and x87. 48c
The name is suggestive of the beauty of the patterns eled in green and trimmed with gilt, with heavy wire swinging top mirror.
and harmony of the colorings. They are made mattress. $1.25. Cnild'« Kitchen Table, 45c: _____________________ - JL i^.
more "worthful" in the sturdlness of the threads «»••.«; »..„, llnn . 13 inches tall, of oak. with drop leaves. CHSXS*
that have been used and the closeness and durabil- Brewer Btanaf, 91.00: -;...- :¦¦.•-¦ ..-I n,«^»- •n T t.«.< nn t.m. «r..
Ity of the weave. And "Art Loom Tapestries" cost Of antique oak/ 27 Inches. high, three large drawers, cwl ° ) ' l k wiS iSv^ 4320 PieCPS rhiMrpn'Q
no more than the tapestries with the ''art" left out. with brass trimmings and swinging mirror. Oak. with two leaves. ,y TJ^U riccei. V-niiaren S
We want you to come and see them. See this — Sideboard, 45c: ... . . O O TT M J M ». An . M UT^IC T\ • ¦• •
Of antique oak. 17 inches high, with mirror and long ; DoIIat50C 1/llClCrWCar llail PriCC, IOC
TnUia Ctwf>r nt A(\n shelf, also drawer and lower compartment with two # ., r , T ; v . ~ •
1 auic vuvcr txv tut. doors.* '•.: That s indestructible, with felt body and celluloid The greatest children s underwear opportunity of
Quarter size, for small tables, nearly 36 inches Doirii Settee. 15c: head, nicely dressed with hat to match, 10% inches the year; an opportunity to buy boys' and irirls'
sqnar*. n«. knotted fringe, two-toned reds and l££5F" «" ameIca '" "' *" a Wh '"' W " h S ' U *¦'£$?*>* <""'¦ s "« la1^ » r '« d '^, new winter weight garment, and to pay about
greens, and mixed colors of red and green. The DoU'b Bed, 45c: •• a Handsome full jointed doll, with papier mache half-price. 4320 plain white merino vests, pan-
4-4 size is 50c and 90c; 6-4 at 60c, 90c and $l. S o; \ 1 «d^r^e^wl™\Si:' PU " SS&i^S^JSMSpSr e^io^ffl taleta and drawers, heavy winter weight, perfect
8-4, big enough for the dining-room table, from Boll's Dininar-Boom set, 200: '' v . - \'.(\??\ curls. 21% inches tall. J n every way.
?I.2S to $2.50. °- bamb0 °' a table and four chairs. ' ; . v. O — -— — ' O The shirts have silk binding around the neck and down
Conch Cover»-50 in. wide by 3 yards lone, at $1.45, •. « .— = J ! p'kntiTnd drawP^V^^h^J^J* flnlshed , ¦«»*
«17B and S2.00: 60, in. wide by 3 yards lonx at " iT. n and. drawers are shaped and narrowed, close-
nio KSd BOO They're in the OrteAtil ' • ,c?**r»« t rx fitting ankles; every size from 16 to 34; for children
&t^^" er^sJS r d£l£* flSng? 1 !?^! % ft- -f^*. R*M Ut+f\i A £±*t AC Safety PmS, lC DoZen from I to 14 yean; every piece leo.
Art toom Portiere.. 83.00-4 yards long and the width JUC IUl GIXI UrUlUCI 1CS Safety, pins are nickel, sizes I, 2 and How it happened? That's another story The
for folding doors, with heavy knotted over-throw A « r\tt-r\ n ~ TT™;,2Yi v Tmnnrtanf 3> And here are values arc what you are interested in. On sale
fringe; come in red. green or blue. $3.00 pair. AU Uttering Unusually important. Tubular Shoe Laces. 80 dozen — 4-4. 6-4 to-morrow on the bargain table in front of the
Sllkoliae. 7Hc yard — 40 pieces of 12% c figured silko- • ;¦ v ' , -..•-.• , , . , ... ' . . and 6-4 lengths. elevator, main floor,
line. 36 in. wide; special to-morrow at 7 J£c. 10c for embroideries worth ISC and 20C, in a Splendid variety Side Elastics, 80 pair — Fancy frilled .
'¦¦-¦ v ! 'L^~ . . .. o • a • c * *-~ Qt/ • ~u "« elastic. In red, pink, blue, black and --•%'¦
of patterns, cambric insertions, Swiss edgings, 2 to 0/2 inches orange. • ~^ — —
r Am&T "H ' t* - t to * Vi *Hp ' Corset Steels. 3o pair — In black or drab, _ ' :
/&/ (£) " Hundreds of yards of dainty, all new styles, all exceptionally low priced. Corona Brass Pins, 2o paper— They will _., _ A#7
/M/^ rfm=^* t&^aL* AU the cmbrolderles one of the f °remost importers had left after filling all his Ba "°i n R U (Cotton— 6 spools 5c J^rsfo J8W jf£S$b®^F''+
/£&/ /&"[ s* " ' Jp=**d^=^ At 18o yard — EmbrO i der i M worth 26c At 5c yard — Cambric and XTalnaook Em- Stockinet Dress Shields, 5o pair — sizes 1', A*sjff /&*/ J^^*^**^ Nfca^ Ygfjj&r "gj^^pp
/gB?/ "* _^iTm.<n.JZ \^r and 33c, cambric, awiss and nainsook, broideries — 2 to 4 in. wide; insertions, 3 and 4. ***—-* -^*~-
UfSi -frfZT *JxLBrmn (JOOMJ^,*^ 4 to 10 in. wide; insertions 1M: to 3% ' 2 to 1 in. wide; worth nearly twice as Children's Hose Supporters, 5c pair — g * - ,«¦; (m^n SiS>S>n.*+
wm—m m* -* "^ , in. wide. much. J Small, medium and large sizes. **** y +*W**<j^0»*~
ADVKKTISE3IKNTS.
For driving
Centemeri
Cape Cloves
Very Durable CV
Heavy S:ams VJ^J
? Sizes 6 3 to 10 Ik PAIR
\ IV GRANT AVE.
Bet. Geary and Post. Sts.
& I M__1IMMII«»WII ¦¦MIIMI