LEILAH KIRKHAM YARDE-BULLER IS DEAD
PHOTOGRAPH OF HOTEL HALLWAY IS SHOWN TO JURY
MRS. PHILLIPS TELLS MORE
OF HER QUEST FOR BONUS
IN the midst of despondency over her failure to relieve herself of the .legal restraint imposed upon her by a
court of justice, Lady Yarde-Buller, a former California belle and later a favored attendant at the court of
St. James, died yesterday at the Livermore Sanitarium.- Her life was fraught with many happy and many
sorrowful incidents, that eventually contributed to shattering the. brilliant mind that once entertained nobility.
PASSES AWAY IN A SANITARIUM AT LIVERMORE
Strange and Dramatic Career of Former
Belle of San Francisco Finally Closed.
Continued on Pace 2, Column 2.
HONOLULU, Nov. 9. — Mrs. Mary
Bcker Reinhart. a member of a well
known Hawaiian family, died at her
home in Hilo last week of consump
tion. She had been suffering for some
tfme, but refused medicine, or physi
cians* care, relying on Christian
Science
• Refused Medical Aid.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15. — The
Comptroller of the Currency haa is
sued a call for the condition of na
tional banks at the close of business
on Thursday, November 10.
Call for National Bank Reports.
Continued on Pagp 2, Column S.
San Franciscans at the Fair.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 15. — The following
San Franciscans registered recently at
the ; California building^ at the World's
Fair: J. C. Landsberger, Mrs. E. B.
Cousin, .E. F. Tway and family, Mrs.
R. L." Mann and C. C. McDougall. . J
"Ah, you don't know me, magistrate?
You're like the rest of the fine fellows
who- were my friends In the old days."
he said. "You can't see In the name
less street peddler that you call a beg
gar Schuyler Van Ness of old Dutch
stock, the Union League and Universi
ty Club man, who lost J8.000.000 In that
hellhole of Wall street twelve years ago.
That's right, send me to Blackwell."
But Magistrate Cornell did know him.
As soon as the man before him spoke
he recognized In the shabby, trembling,
shambling prisoner a . vestige of the
dashing Schuyler Van Ness of other
days.
Van Ness had some little ; scented
beans from the Philippines, ' which he
said he was selling. Magistrate Cornell
sentenced Van Ness to the Poorhouse
for begging.
NEW YORK. Nov. IB.— Schuyler Van
Ness, of the aristocratic Dutch family
of New York, once the possessor erf
$8,000,000, was a prisoner before a mag
istrate to-day, charged with begging.
ONCE HAD MILLIONS;*
XOW IX A POORHOUSE
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 15.— Social cir
cles . of Butte are much exercised over
the marriase of Miss Mollie Walker,
one of the society belles of the city,
and a member of one of the best known
families of the State, to Glen Harring
ton, son of Fayette Harrington, a well
known Butte banker.
Two weeks ago Miss Walker was en
gage* to rrfarry Clyde M. Graves, a
millionaire clubman of Spokane. = The
wedding had, been set for o"ne week
hence, a trousseau had been made and
practically all of the final J arrange
ments completed,' when Miss Walker
announced that she had concluded to
marry Harrington, the sweetheart' of
her school days, whose engagement, it
is said, the young lady broke when she
became ' engaged to Graves. >
Friends say Mrs. Walker's opposi
tion to the attentions of Harrington
caused the, girl to assent to the offer
of marriage from the- Spokane clubman
In order to procure a trousseau in
which she could . be married to Har
rington. - ' »
The couple ;.will spend . their ? honey
moon in New York and abroad.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
Butte Society Belle Ee
fuses to Marry Million
aire Spokane Clubman
Mordecai Jonr?s of White Salmon
narrowly escaped death in a desperate
encounter with a black bear. He had
crawled into a thicket where bruin
was making ml:icemeat of his two
dogs and fired twice at the animal at
close range. His third shell .missed
fire and th<» beast turned fiercely upon
him. Qul<k!y injectinjr a fourth car
tridge Jones discharged his rifle with
its muzzle against the bear's face
This fourth shot ended bruin.
Jones and his wife have killed
twenty bears in that neighborhood.
Thomas JefTey. while pulling freight
to Polly Crossing in October, espied a
black bear in the water. Having no
weapon, he saized a pole having spikes
on it, threw the pole over the bear's
neck and held Its head under water
until the brute wa? drowned.
TACOMA. Nov. IS. — <Prom many di
rection* come stories of a bear at
tacking: settlers. At Dawson two
weeks ago Mining Recorder Wadleigh
tras chased by two cinnamon bears
•which he met on the trail between
Dawson and Glacier Creek. Bears are
eo common there that Wadleigh
thought nothing of them until they
began running toward him. He ran
to the nearest tree and pulled upward
his 2 40 pounds of avoirdupois as rap
idly as possible. As he reached the
first limb the bears stopped at the
base of the tree to Inspect a bottle of
tvhlsky which the Dawsonite threw
down. W.-tdleijrh climbed to the high
est- branches, remaining there in the
cold ten hours. In the meanwhile the
bears had retreated.
"Now, mv friends, what of the fu
ture? Upon the ruins of the disinte
gration of the Democratic party will
arise an organization built up by re
sourceful and able agitators, whose ap
peal will be to discontent. It must be
our task that there shall be a minimum
of discontent and a maximum of sat
isfaction."
"What elected Roosevelt? The an
swer is as clear as revelation: Roose
velt elected Roosevelt. Jfo personali
ty-in American public life ever stood
out to distinct in individual character
istics. In emphatic traits, peculiarly his
own, and in outspeken confidences with
the whole people like President Roose
velt. The qualities which his enemies
caricatured were the ones which en
deared him to his countrymen. He
holds his commission freer from pledges
or obligations, except to the people
who elected him. than any of his pre
decessors.
OWEGO, N. Y.. Nov. 13.— Owego
never has. seen so many men who are
prominent In public life as "vere as
sembled here to-day In response to the
Invitation of Senator Platt to his buck
wheat breakfast. Senator Depew, Con
gressmen. State Senators and Assem
blymen, some accompanied by their
wives, were present at the Ahawga
House. Senator Platt's home in Owego.
Neither Governor Odell nor Governor
elect Higrsrins attended, the latter be
ing ill-
Senator Depew was one of the after
breakfast speakers. In the course of
an address he said that Senator Platt's
twenty years of leadership would stand
in political history aa uneaualed in its
absence of factional strife within the
party and the glorious victories of the
party. Referring to the election Mr.
Depew said:
FRESNO, Nov. 15.— For the sum of
$500 Mrs. Lovey Berry agrees to marry
Mahlon Levis, an aged and wealthy
resident of Selma, and when he dies re
linquish all claim upon any portion of
his large estate. Articles of agreement
to this, effect. signed by Mrs. Berry on
the 12th or this month were filed to-day
in the County Recorder's office as a
premarriage agreement. It Is further
agreed that upon the death of Levis the
whole estate shall go to his children. A
license to wed was issued the pair sev
eral days ago.
Mrs. Berry is the widow of William
Berry and has lived more than forty
years, while Levis has lived the allotted
three score years and ten. He has four
children, two sons and two daughters.
He is a well-known Selma man and a
prominent citizen. He is said to be
worth $75,000.
Special DUpaich to The Can.
The closing chapter In the varied ca
reer of a one* beautiful belle of Oak
land and later a favored .visitor to the
court of St, James, Lady Mary Leflah
KIrkham Yarde-Buller, was written by
death at an* early hour yesterday morn
ing: when the unfortunate woman
passed away at the Livermore Sana
torium.
Death came to Lady Yarde-Buller a
few hours after her long: battle for
freedom from the restraint that had
been placed upon her by a court of
justice had been lost. Frail In mind
and body, it needed but one blow to
bring her to death's threshold and
that came when the court a few days
ago refused to grant her absolute free
dom from a guardian . under whose
charge she had been rebelling for a
number of years.
Lady Yarde-Buller had been an in
mate'of the Livermore Sanatorium for
some time. It, was there that she rose
from a sick couch to attend her case at
court a week ago, and it was during
this proceedings that she contracted a
cold that aggravated an attack of
Bright's disease. She was told that her
condition was helpless. Despondent
over the failure of her hard fought
case, and- tired of a life that had been
fraught with alternating pleasures and
disappointments, she laid her head
again upon her pillow and patiently
awaited the end that came not tardily.
3IARRIES BOYLE BLAIR.
Few women cf the day have received
more public attention or crowded more
exciting experiences Into a short life
than the unfortunate woman who
passed to eternal rest at Livermore
yesterday. - - . •
As pretty Mary Leilah Kirkham.
daughter of the late General R. w.
Kirkham, at . one time quartermaster
general of the United States army, the
dead woman will be readily recalled by
the older, members of Oakland society.
Ppeci&l Dispatch to Tn« Call.
TORMER SAN FRANCISCO BELLE
"WHO DIED YESTERDAY IX THE
LJVERMORE SANITARIUM.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15. — "Dismissed by
President Roosevelt on charges of scan
dalous conduct and for the .good of the
service," was the announcement which
came from Washington to-day as an
anti-climax In the suit for breach of
promise brought by Mrs. Fannie Foss,
a pretty cloak model, against Surgeon
Charles B. D. Lord of the United
States public health and marine hos
pital service..
The sweet revenge for which Mrs.
Foss declared she sued came more
quickly than she had dreamed. The
breach of promise action had nothing to
do /with the dismissal, which had been
determined upon before the suit was
brought.
The charges against Dr. Lord related
to his conduct In San Francisco, it was
asserted, where he first met Mrs. Foss.
On Monday she filed her suit for $50,000
for a broken heart.
It was learned to-day that Dr. Lord
has a wife in Biddeford, Maine, who
was Mrs. Annie Ingersoll before her
marriage to the handsome young sur
geon. Mrs. iiord, with her mother-in
law, was in New York a few days ago.
Upon their return to Maine tb-day they
declared the suit for breach of promise
was ; a blackmailing scheme. Richard
Ingersoll, Dr. Lord's father-in-law, has
announced his x purpose of coming to
New York to help fight the suit. : ..
Mrs. Foss said to-day:
"I am through with gold lace and
unifqrms forever. My affairs of the
heart have certainly been disappoint
ing, when the charmer has been a fol
lower of the sea. I met Lord during
the : Haines oburt-martial and he
seemed to take an interest in my case.
I do not want money, but will press my
suit for. revenge." ¦
Mrs. Foss, who is a handsome young
widow, is a Californlan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Agreement Is Signed
Witt Wealthy and
• Aged Fiance.
Exciting Experience
oi an Official
of Dawson.
BUCKWHEAT
CAKES FOR
HIS GUESTS
VENGEANCE
OF WOMAN
TRIUMPHS
LOVE, NOT
GOLD, WINS
THE WIDOW
"WOMAN Oi'ER WHOSE ESTATE A CONTEST IS BEING WAGED AND PHOTO
: GRAPH OF HALLWAY IN WALDO RF- ASTORIA. FIGURE 1 INDICATES
."WINDOW THROUGH V.'HICH HEIRESS PLUNGED TO HER DEATH; LETTER
A. DC/OR TO MISS WARRSNS ROOM.
BEARS MAKE
TROUBLE FOR
TRAVELERS
Attorney Pillsbury led Mrs. Elizabeth
C Phillips through a Ibng^nd search
ing cross-examination yesterday morn
ing concerning her interviews with the
executors of Bertha Dolbeer's will for
the purpose of inducing them to pay
her a bonus of $15,000, to be added to
her -bequest of $10,000. It was brought
out with the force of greater detail that
she made the strong suggestion to' them
that if she should testify in behalf of
thf» contestant Schander she would
give much aid to his case.
While Mrs. Phillips had sought to Im
press on the executors that her testi
mony would be dangerous to the will
and that it would be valuable for the
contestant, she was not so solicitous
concerning her own legacy of $10,000.
Her explanation en the stand was that
she was under oath, must tell the truth
concerning Miss Dolbeer's mental con
dition, no matter whether she would be
deprived of her bequest of $10,000 or
not.
MAKES STOIJT DENIAL.
Attorney Pillsbury finally put the
question bluntly:
Hav e you no contract with the contestant
that you are to receive the amount of your
legacy If Uie will Is broken?
I have none.
Have you no understanding with th« con
testant as to what you shall receive?
I have not. I think I answered that yes
ttrday when I aeUd I had neither been bought
nor scld. .,
A flashlight photograph of the hall
way on the ninth floor in the Waldorf-
Astoria Hotel, showing the window
through which Miss Dolbeer suddenly
disappeared and fell to her death
on July 9 last was Introduced in
evidence yesterday and shown to
the jury. The window is but
two feet from the floor. Miss Dolbeer
was standing on a smooth marble slab,
which is a part of the rioor, and her
footing was therefore somewhat uncer
tain. It being very easy to slip.
On the opening of court in the morn
ing the cross-examination of Mrs. Phil
lips proceeded as follows:
Did you not tell Mr. Mugan that you would
compel MiM Warren to disgorge $25,000 before
you cot through with the case?
I did not.
• Was no mention made of $25,000? ,
Y«s. I thought I was talking confidentially
to a friend who sympathized with me and I
told him I thoucht It was very unjust that
Miss Warren's mother, whom Miss Dolbeer
hardly knew, ehould have ?26.000 while I, who
"had helped to rear the eirl and was of kin.
waa left only $10,000.
• Did you say to Mr. Mugan that Miss Warren
would have to give you 116.000 in addition
to your, bequest or you would see to It that
•he didn't set the property? ,
I did not. I told him that I could j easily
break the will If I would tell what I knew of
Miss Dolbeer. but I made no threats
Did you go to Mr. Johnson, attorney for
the . contestant. Schander, or did he come to
you in the first. Dlace?
Mr. Johnson telephoned to me and asked
if he might pee me. I told him I would see
him. '
What did you tell him?
I told him nothing. I fished around to ascer
tain what evidence he had on which to base
his case. He was not transparent, however.
He seemed to be fishing to get something- out
or me, but he didn't.
At subsequent Interviews with the
attorneys she had discussed the testi
mony she would give.
Attorney Pillsbury plied the witness
with questions concerning a visit she
made to Executor Mugan, at which
time she plainly stated her grievances.
She first protested against allowing
Miss Warren to occupy the Dolbeer
home on Pacific avenue. She also com
plained to him because he had held up
Miss Warren at the funeral of Miss
Dolbeer, showing her much deference,
while ignoring others who were of kin.
The witness also found fault with Mu
gan because he had given her no ad
vice as to investment of money, while
he had favored Miss Warren very
much in this regard.
Thomas Saywell, a gardener, was
called for the contestant to testify
concerning the death of Mrs. Dolbeer,
mother of testatrix, in 1879. He i was
the first to break into the room where
the bodv lay. with a bullet wound In
the temple and a pistol at her side, r
The deposition/ of Catherine Lee,
taken for contestant in" New York,
where she is employed as assistant
housekeeper of the ' Waldorf -Astoria
Hotel, was taken upj She had charge
of the rooms occupied by Miss < Dol-
JILTS FIANCE
FOR ANOTHER
Reports were circulated to-night that
Pelletan, Rouvier and Maruejols- are
likely to resign the portfolios of the
Ministries of Marine, Finance and Pub
lic Works, respectively, but there is no
confirmation of these rumors. Conser
vative opinion is that the Cabinet will
be strengthened by the removal of the
chief source of the present discord.
News of the resignation of Andre
created a sensation, owing to the in
tensity of the recent controversy. The
opposition to the Minister hailed the
resignation as a 1 great victory, which
would speedily lead to the fall of the
entire Ministry.
"While proud of the work to which
I have devoted my best energies," Gen
eral Andre wrote, "I "have too much
love for my country and the republic
to accept for one moment the hypo
thesis that I am' the cause of disunion
within the Republican majority. It is
by the united action of this majority
that the Ministries of WaJdeck-Rous
seau and Combes have saved the repub
lic from the perils confronting them,
and it is thanks to this continued union
that the Republican party will achieve
the gTeat task before it."
The letter concludes with affection
ate adieus to General Andre's col
leagues and thanks for their co-opera
tion.
Premier Combes laid the letter be
fore the Cabinet meeting, and an agree
ment was speedily arrived at to invite
Berteaux to succeed Andre. The Pre
mier presented Berteaux to President
Loubet at 6 o'clock this evening and
the announcement of the chance was
thereupon officially made.
PARIS, Nov. 15.— General Andre re
signed the portfolio of Minister of War
and Henry Berteaux, a member of the
Chamber of Deputies, and a successful
broker on the Bourse, was nominated
as his successor to-day.
This change in -the Ministry is the
culmination of fierce assaults upon the
administration of the War Office, in the
course of which the Chamber of Dep
uties was the scene of^ frequent wild
disorders,' including the recent. personal
assault upon General Andre;;_".These
events stirred ?r^publle^a^high pitch
ot-eTciternerni/r'pftrticu^arly army and
political circles, where succession of
duels evidenced the bitterness. General
Andre reached thfi . decision to resign
only this morning, and immediately dis
patched a letter to Premier Combes.
The t&tt of this letter, which was giv
en'out to-ni^ht. asserts that the at
tacks against the War Office were
merely a device of enemies of the
Government' to undermine the republic.
Bourse Broker Is v Appointed Head
of the Republic's Military
Forces.
Enemies Claim It Heralds
DowDlall of Combes
Ministry.
Sensation Is Caused
by Unexpected
Resignation.
ANDRE OUT
OF FRENCH
WAR OFFICE
THE THE ATEHS.
AI/CAZAll— **Tfc« aimSn*"
CALIFORNIA — "A Mend of tt« T&m-
Hx-"
CESfTBAI^-^Wladierter/'
COLUMBIA — "Tb* County Chairman, ~
•CHUTES — V«wJerin».
FISCHER'S— V*od«Tin«.
GRAND— -*"n>« FaUl WwSatar.**
MAJESTIC— "Heart* Ailama."
ORPHEUM- Vaua«TllI*. Matta** to
day.
TIVOU— '-Th» Memeaser Boy.**
THE "WEATHER.
Tcncitt made !n San Francisco (or
thirty fconrs *n<?l"g midnight, Kovein
bec 15, ISOii
Baa FVaadaoo and vicinity — Fair
V>eCr.tn£t.r; treth west wind.
O. H. X7TLLBOK.
Locil Porccuter,
Temporarily la Cbarre.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904/
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 169.
The San Francisco Call.HEDDING. N<n\ 13— John, Clark, a youn*
unmarried mlnrr, committed aulcide In bis
cabin in Delamar last night. He used a re
volver.
Another Carload of Trunks,
Valises and dress suit cases just arrived
—carload rates save. money and you' get
the benefit.' Lowest ; prices, -and • best
iroods. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market
street. . ¦•
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 1 5. — Ger
many has demanded the.' payment of
an indemnity, the degradation of the
officer and the punishment of the men
concerned in the assault on Herr Eck
hardt, the German ; consular agent at
Urfa, who was severely beaten ' by
Turkish soldiers.
GERMANY DEMANDS . THAT
TURKEY MAKE AMENDS
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15. r- Under
orders of the -War Department First
Lieutenant James M. Petty of the
Twentieth Infantry, now In this city
on a leave of absence, of which he
availed himself at San Francisco, will
proceed to Columbus Barracks, Ohio,
and^report in person to the command-
Ing, officer, of that port for assignment
to* duty with the detachment of re
cruits . to be sent ' to Fort Worden,
Wash. Upon arrival at Fort Worden
and the completion of his duties with
the recruits Lieutenant Petty will pro
ceed to Join his regiment in the Philip
pine Islands. .
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL, BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— News was
received in Washington to-day which
shows that a conspiracy was recently
directed against President Amador of
Panama. It was the purpose of the
plotters to seize President Amador,
throw him into prison and assume con
trol of the Government. President
Amador learned of the plot and frus
trated the plan.
As a result of these advices, the State
Department has requested the % Navy
Department to keep a warship in isth
mian waters. The cruiser Dixie, now at
Colon, will remain there until further
orders.
There is a tendency In some quarters
here to believe, that the conspiracy had
in part the purpose of putting Panama
affairs in a turmoil before the arrival
there of Secretary Taft. Until after
Taft's mission is concluded, the bat
talion of marines now on the ¦ isthmus
will not.be withdrawn. It ls the desire
of Secretary Taft that everything In
Panama remain just as . It has • been
until he has had an opportunity to get
a close view of. the situation. •
Conspirators Had Planned
to Overthrow Amador and
Take Over the Government
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 15.— The
American Consul at Kharput, Dr.
Thomas H. Norden, has been Instructed
to proceed to theTurco-Perslan fron
"tier and watch the operations of the
Turkish and Persian authorities, who
have undertaken to arrest the Kurdish
murderers of the American missionary,
Rev. B. W. Larabee, who waa killed
in April last.
Despite the Forte's repeated promises
to the American legation not to permit
venders of Bibles of the American Bible
Society to be molested the local author
ities at Angora, Trebizond and Ordu
still detain : venders, seize their Bibles
and threaten to arrest any one. at
tempting to sell them. The legation,
therefore, has addressed a more im
perative note to the Porte, calling at
tention to this non-compliance with In
structions which the legation has been
assured were given. The legation de
mands a prompt settlement, failing
which' the matter will be referred to
Washington.
The efforts made to obtain permis
sion for a resumption, of the exca
vations of Dr. E. S. Banks, director of
the University of Chicago expeditions,
have thus far proved unsuccessful.
Robbed by Two Masked B£en While
on Ita Zmat Trip on
the Grounds.
ST. IiOUI8, Nov. 16.— It has Just be
come known from the exposition po
lice station that two masked men held
up and robbed a train on the minia
ture railroad at the World's Fair Sat
urday night in true Western style, se
cured money and valuables amounting
to about $100 and then escaped.
The train, containing the engineer
and three passengers, was making Its
last trip and was crossing a deserted
part of the grounds when suddenly two
masked men with drawn revolvers ap
peared In the shaft of light thrown by
the headlight and called to the en
gineer to stop. The train immediate
ly came to a standstill, and, while one
robber covered those aboard, the other
relieved them of their money and
valuables. Jacob Vannlch, a ticket
seller for the road, was arrested to
day on suspicion, but was released on
bends.
MINIATURE RAILROAD
AT THB FAIR HELD UP
Interference With American
Missionaries in Turkey
3Iay Be Taken Up Again
Decide That the Public Should Pay
More for Ita Tlmnksziv
irtff Dinner. *
NEW YOTtK, Nov. 15. — Warren
County fanners, who raise great num
bers of turkeys for the Eastern mar
kets, are reported to have formed a
trust and unanimously decided that
the Thanksgiving fowl ls worth more
this year than heretofore. The pres
ent price is 28 cents and a raise to
SO cents a pound is expected next
week. ; ¦ u '
PANAMA PLOT
NIPPED IN BUD
FATCMXZRS IN THE EAST
FORM A. TURKEY TRUST
TROUBLE NEAR
WITH SULTAN
beer and Miss Warren during the stay
that ended with the death of Miss Dol
beer on July 9. •
MISS WARREX CLOSED WINDOW.
The witness had seen Miss Dolbeer
and Miss Warren several times that
day, but noticed nothing strange In
the manner and conduct of the for
mer. She saw both hotel guests at the
windows looking into the airshaft, and
about five or ten minutes before the
fatality, Miss Lee said, Miss Warren
closed the window while Miss Dolbeer
was standing in front of it.
The reading of the deposition was
interrupted by the court, inasmuch as
the original copy has not arrived from
the East, the attorneys using copies
forwarded to them. Miss Lee's testi
mony will be completed as soon as the
court's transcript arrives.
Next came the deposition of Joseph
Edward Smith, house detective of the
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. He was noti
fied of the death of Bertha Dolbeer a
few minutes after It occurred and was
the first to reach her body lying at
the bottom of the airshaft. Presently
Dr. Gibney arrived, but their efforts
to revive her were unsuccessful.
Cornelius J. Sullivan's deposition, he
being the detective who was summoned
freni the station to Investigate the
death of Miss Dolbeer, was next pro
duced. He described the window
through which Miss Dolbeer disappear
ed almost like a flash. Into the air and
light shaft. Two windows close to
gether admit light and'air to the hall
way from the shaft.
The trial will be resumed this morn
ing.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— The New
York end of the Dolbeer will contest,
involving nearly J2.000.000 and con
sisting: of the taking of testimony by
Commissioner Robert P. Lee. acting
for the San Francisco courts, ended
to-day. The last witness examined
was Daniel W. Packard, a reporter,
who swore that Dr. Homer Gibney
had told him that Miss- Dolbeer was
merltally unbalanced and had while
in that condition jumped from the
Waldorf -Astoria window. -"
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
IS, PHILLIPS TELLS,
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 16.— Vice President
elect Charles W. Fairbanks, unaccom
panied, arrived to-day from Indianap
olis and was met at the Union station
by President' Francis of the exposi
tion and Colonel J. G. Butler. The
party proceeded to the St. Louis Club,
where breakfast was taken, after which
Senator Fairbanks was escorted to the
World's Fair.
Senator Fairbanks stated that his de
cision, to visit the exposition had been
made hastily and that he would not
be able to remain more than one day.
He will go East after leaving St. Louis,
to see the Yale-Harvard football game
on Saturday.
After the "World's Fair officials had
met Senator Fairbanks, he was escort
ed to the "Yellowstone Park Coach."
A large assemblage of spectators ten
dered him a rousing cheer as the driv
er's whip cracked and the "Vice Presl?
dent-elect started on his tour of the
grounds. President Francis personally
directed the .course of the coach.
The party was then driven to the
French pavilion. Here a toast was
proposed by Commissioner General
Gerald to "America's prosperity." At
the Brazilian exhibit Speaker
Joined the party. The meeting of the
two Republicans was marked by a fer
vent handclasp.
The Senator again mounted the
coach and the main portion of the ex
position was traversed. The largest
crowd of the day assembled on the
plaza and as the vehicle wheeled past
the Louisiana monument a cry went
up, "Speech, speech." Not until the
coach was out of sight on its way to
the German house, where the banquet
was held, did the crowd, satisfied that
the Vice President-elect would not
speak, disperse.
NEW YORK, NovT 15.— The Associ
ated Press has received the following,
and before giving it publication its
authenticity has been fully verified by
cable from Rome:
ROME. Oct. 30. 1904.— Editors of the As
sociated Press: You have my full permission
•to print the Inclosed and give it as wide a
publication as possible. Your truly,
MARQUISE DES MONSTIERS.
Dear Editor: It may Interest some of
your readers to know that the Marquise des
Mongtlers-Merinville, formerly Miss M. Q.
Caldwell, who. it will be remembered, founded
the Roman Catholic University at 'Washington
seme years ago. has entirely repudiated her
former creed.
The statement that the Marquise
founded the Washington University is
erroneous. She did, however, contrib
ute $300,000 for the erection of the di
vinity school connected with that in
stitution.
The Marquise des Monstiers-Merin
ville and her sister, the Baroness von
Zoodwltz, are the daughters of the late
William S. Caldwell and his wife, who
was a Breckinridge of Kentucky.
Shortly before his death Caldwell be
came a convert to Roman Catholicism
and left his children to the care of
Roman Catholics in New York, whom
his wife had met In church circles. The
younger sister married some fifteen
years ago a German nobleman, a Luth
eran, and has since then also -left the
Roman Catholic communion. The elder
has been in very bad health for some
years.
On the death of her father, Mary
Gwendolin Caldwell inherited $2,000,000.
On October 19, 1896, Miss Caldwellwas
married to the Marquis des Monstlers-
Merinville, a French nobleman. In St.
Joseph's Church, Avenue Hoche, Paris,
by Bishop Spalding of Peoria, 111., the
guardian and administrator of the es
tate of Miss Caldwell, assisted by
Father Cooke.
At the time of her marriage, Miss
Caldwell was a very handsome woman,
about 35 years old, and a devoted Ro
man Catholic. Seven years previous to
her marriage Miss Caldwell was en
gaged to Prince Murat, grandson of the
King of Naples. The engagement was
broken because the Prince Insisted that
half of Miss Caldwell's fortune should
be settled upon him.
The Divinity Colleg© of the Roman
Cathollo University In Washington ls
known as the Mary Gwendolin Caldwell
hall of divinity. .',.'
MERCE1?, Nov. 15.— A local paper is
responsible for the statement that il
legal claims upon Merced County have
been presented by Superintendent
Smith of the Whittier Reform School,
and that charges have been drawn up
against that official and forwarded to
the Governor at Sacramento. The State
law provides that the county from
which boys are committed to the re
form school shall pay $11 per month for
each person committed during the time
they remain at the school. County
Auditor Cook, it is said, claims to have
discovered that Smith has presented
claims against the county for an allow
ance for two boys who are not now in
mates of the Institution and who have
not been such since August 15 last.
The two boys in question are Robert
and "Dock" Shaw. They were commit
ted to Whittier from this county in Sep
tember, 1902, since which time it is said
the county has paid $11 a month for
each of them, upon monthly statements
by the superintendent or the school to
the effect that the boys were still there.
Recently it is said Auditor Cook
learned that the Shaw boys were in
Fresno. He went to see tnem and se
cured their affidavits stating that they
were released (not paroled nor dis
charged) from the Whittier School
August 15. The claims ror August and
September, it is claimed, were filed Just
the same, and the claim for October
maintenance Is now on file, together
with a statement that the boys were
paroled October 31. The boys returned
from Fresno to Merced County to live
on the 8th of this month.
The older of the two boys. It Is
claimed, also makes affidavit that for
five months prior to August 15, when
he was given permission to go to Fres
no, he worked for a farmer near Whit
tier named E. R.' Gulardo, and that he
saw Giiiardo give Superintendent Smith
a check for $50 for his services. During
those five months he visited the school
but once, and then only stayed one
night.
AudltoT Cook, it is averred, fortified
by affidavits proving all these asser
tions, Bent a letter to Governor Pardee
to-day, laying the facts before the ex
ecutive and requesting that an Investi
gation be made.
Marquise Des Monstiers-
Merinville Announces Her
Return to Protestantism
Merced Newspaper Charges
Whittier Eeform School Of
ficial Filed Illegal Claims
Vice President-Elect Drops
In on the Officials of the
Exposition for a Day
BACK TO FAITH
OF HER YOUTH
FAIR VISITED
BY FAIRBANKS
Texas Prophet Anounc«*s QUlfor
nlan's Future Election to
Presidency.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15. — The follow
ing card will appear In the Herald to
morrow:
For twenty years I have guessed th» Presi
dent of the United States and I predict that
; O. H. Maxwell of California will ba the next
President. His' platform will b* the reclama
tion of the arid and overflowed lands of th*
West. Maxwell will break the solid South and
carry some of the Southern States.
P. C. JACK9OX.
Former Confederate Soldtar.
LAmta. Tnaa. Xov. 10, 1904. \
¦ • ¦
KEDDCCO. Mot. 13.— "Jaelf Bratfy. m
teamster, was crushed to death under •>
wagon load of hay, near Harrison Onlch. Uat
nlnht. Ha waa thrown from the drlv*!** <m t
by the OTwrtrntof of the wagon. Th* vehicle
fell upon htm.
HIGH HONOR IN STORE
FOR GEORGE II. MAXWEMi
INVESTIGATION
MAY BE MADE
On her. return, she gave a most fas
cinating description of the picturesque
life of the Italian Robin Hoods. And
thus ls manifested the restless, ad
venturous spirit of her who has made
nations marvel.
; Perhaps the most dramatic Incident
of her, dramatic career was the death
of Valentine Gadesden In London.
One soft summer night, as she sat
at the piano singing a sweet lullaby,
with Gadesden by her side, each hap
py in the presence of the other, the
tragedy of her career occurred.
The song: over, she turned to her
companion, only to" find that he had
sunken to the floor and her song had
fallen upon unheeding ears.
Screaming, she caught him up In her
arms, called to him to speak to her, to
open his eves once more to hers, but
the appeal was vain, for death had
stolen from her the man she loved,
even, while she sang. And when in the
morning her servants appeared they
found their mistress wan and dishev
eled upon the floor, holding In her arms
the cold form of her devoted .friend.
"Go!" she cried, as they entered, "Go
and tell all the world that Gadesden
Is dead." •
It was during this spell of weari
ness that the vivacious American
learned of the presence of a band of
brigands in the mountains that rose to
the east* and rumor had It that the
chief I of the band was a picturesque
Neapolitan, handsome, brave and ten
der to women.
Here was a respite to a restless
spirit.
Before the day broke, mistress, /maid
and man-servant, 'with provisions,
clothing and a few trinkets for gifts,
had set out for the brigand camp.
j When the carriage approached the
fastnesses of the banditti, Lady Yarde-
Buller alighted, advanced alone toward
the astonished outlaws and extended
her hand to them In friendly greeting.
Not many minutes elapsed, before the
handsome chief had greeted his fair
visitor, warmly, bidding her welcome to
the camp and extending its hospitali
ties. With alacrity, she accepted the
proffered courtesies, and with her maid
and man-servant, remained in the for
est home of the outlaws for a week.
ping much of the time at quaint, out
of the way places, where her artistic
temperament had . full swing. In Flor
ence she had been feted and toasted
and courted and seemingly was weary-
Ing of the monotony.
AWES THE BAXDIT CHIEF.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Prince
Sadanaru Fushimi, a near relative of
the Emperor of Japan, who has ar
rived in Washington as the guest of
the nation, to-day called at the White
House and conveyed to the President
the good wishes and friendship of the
Mikado and the latter's hope for the
President's good health and happiness.
The Prince's address, which was in
Japanese and interpreted by one of
¦his suite, was brief and bespoke closer
stronger relations between the two
countries. The President, in his re
sponse, gave assurances that this sen
timent is shared by the American peo
ple and wished the Japanese people
prosperity.
Shortly before 10 o'clock Prince Fu
shimi and his suite were driven from
the Arlington Hotel to the White
House. The Prince occupied the state
carriage of the Japanese legation, Mr.
Peirce and Mr. Hlokl riding with him.
The suite consisted of A. Sato, grand
master of the Prince's household;
Count S. Terashima, Major Mlhara.
Mr. Watanabe, master of ceremonies
of the Emperor of Japan; Dr. K. Rok
ku, physician to the Prince, and Sho
shunka Matsuka, third secretary of the
Japanese legation, who met the Prince
at San Francisco.
GREETED AT WHITE HOUSE.
, Prince Fushimi was attired in the
uniform of a lieutenant general of the
Japanese army. The other members of
his suite wore uniforms pf their grade
in the army or diplomatic corps.
As the carriage of the party, headed
by a platoon of mounted police, swept
into the porte cochere of the White
House It was met by Colonel Charles
S. Bromwell, the military aid, and
Captain Campon Marslow, the naval
aid of President Roosevelt. Assistant
Secretary Pelrce presented the Prince
to them and the party then was con
ducted Into the White House. The
Prince and his suite were ushered Into
the Blue Room, where in a few min
utes President Roosevelt, accompanied
by Assistant Secretary of State Fran
cis B. Loomis and Secretary Loeb,
greeted them. The greeting between
the Preeldent and Prince Fushimi was
cordial.
COURTESIES EXCHANGED.
The presentations were made by Mr.
Peirce. Prince Fushimi said In part:
His Majestey, the Emperor of Japan, charged
me to convey to you his earnest desire that
the historic relations of amity and j^od feel
ing, which have always, alnoe the «rkys of
Commodore Perry, united the great republic
of the West with the empire of the legendary
East, and which have contributed In no Ismail
measure to the progress and prosperity of
Japan, may grow still closer and stronger with
the passing years, and I assure you, Mr. Presi
dent, that I believe I Interpret the sentiment
of my countrymen when I add that the words
of his Majesty flnd a ready echo In the hearts
of his Majesty's loyal subjects.
The President's response' was as fol
lows:
It gives me unfeigned pleasure to meet your
Imperial highness and to hear from yon th»
expression of the friendly words of his Ma
jesty, the Emperor, and of the people of Japan
toward the United States of America. I as
sure you that these sentiments an* reciprocated
by me and by the American people. Ever
since the empire of Japan — at the invitation
of this country — entered upon the career of
modern and International progress which has
led to such brilliant results the relations of the
two countries have been those of unbroken
friendship. I pray that these relations may
continue forever, growing: always more friend
ly and more- extended, ana I trust that this
visit of your Imperial highness may result in
that Increase of mutual good will between this
republic and the empire of Japan which will
naturally come from more intimate acquaint
ance and wider knowledge of each other.
I beg you to convey to his Majesty, the
Emperor of Japan, my grateful appreciation
of his valued expressions of amity and my
best wishes for his health and happiness and
the prosperity of the Japanese people.
A GUEST AT DIXXER.
The President and Prince Fushimi
then chatted animatedly for ten min
utes. Their conversation was conduct
ed through an interpreter and related
principally to Japanese history and lit
erature, with incidental reference to
the Russo-Japanese war, In which
Prince Fushimi has played a conspic
uous part. The Prince expressed him
self as pleased and surprised at the
knowledge the President showed of
these subjects.
Prince Fushimi and his party left the
White House under escort of Colonel
Symons. The President later returned
the call of Prince Fushimi, driving
from the White House to the Arlington
Annex In an open carriage surrounded
by policemen on bicycles. Accompany
ing the President were his secretary,
Mr. Loeb, and his military aids.
After the President left the Prince
took an automobile ride over the city,
escorted by Colonel Symons and Mr.
Pelrce. At the White House to-night
the Prince was the guest of honor at a
dinner given by the President. No
ladles were present
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— Air possibility
of a peaceful settlement of the war
fare In the Prohibition party was de
stroyed to day through charges by
John G. Woolley and other Prohibition
leaden*, made in Woolley's publication.
This followed Oliver W. Stewart's.ac
tion In bringing suit for $5000 against
William E. Johnson. The latter is as
sociated with Woolley In the publish
ing business. He is accused by th«
chairman of the Prohibition National
Committee of having slandered him.
Accepting the challenge Woolley has
come forth with an attack of six print
ed pages directed against his neighbor
and fellow temperance worker, charg
ing Stewart with having wrecked tha
Presidential campaign conducted by
the party. Secrets of the Prohibition
ists are given to the world, including
the Information that Dr. Swallow, who
ran on the ticket for President of the
United States, "has been trudging
about the country on a campaign tour,
footing the expense bills with borrowed
money and acting as a collector of
campaign funds for the chairman."
Aside from the treatment of the Pres
idential candidate at the hands of th»
advocates of temperance and the pov
erty stricken variety of campaign he
was forced to make, it is disclosed that
there has long been so little harmony
in the ranks of the leaders that a
"peace committee" was established to
endeavor to maintain tranqulllty. A.
A. Stevens, chairman of this body; Dr.
Samuel Dickie, national treasurer of
the party, and vice chairman A. G.
Wolfenbargcr are cited as having "re
vised, corrected and approved" the at
tack and expose. In It at Iea3t 515.00O
of the total campaign fund of $52,000 is
alleged to having been dissipated tn
"schemes and personal vengeance and
private gain."
Is Assured That Sentiments
Are Reciprocated by the
Citijens of United States
Dr. Swallow s Race for the
White House Financed
With Borrowed Money
GETS CORDIAL WELCOME
KEVEALS PARTY SECRET
among whom she once reisrned as a
belle, and the news of her death, when
it reaches England, will revive in the
minds of many members of the nobil
ity many conquests > in which the
woman figured in an interesting way
at the British -court, where, she was
often favored by attention from the
same -Prince of Wales who is now
King of Gr,eat Britain.
General Kirkham came to California
in the early days, shortly after- his re
tirement from the army, and here he
amassed a fortune, which finally
passed to his two daughters. Mary
Leilah Kirkham became the wife of
Boyle Blair, who, as an attache of the
British diplomatic service, was making
a tour of the world and. while stopping:
over in San Francisco, enjoying 'the
hospitality of the Bohemian Club, .met
and wooed the pretty maiden of Oak
land. Their honeymoon terminated in
London, where the handsome Mrs.
Blair quickly attracted attention by
her beauty and brilliancy of wit. and
was soon welcomed into the most ex
clusive of society.
In the midst of her social glory
news came that Blair had died, and
a few months later the cable heralded
the announcement of the fair young
"widow's marriage to Walter Yarde-
Buller, the brother, of Lord Church
ston. to whose title he finally succeed
ed, thus bestowing upon his bride the
rank of a lady at court. Lady Yarde-
Buller's second marriage was not a
happy one. Although she strove hard
to make' herself a pleasing mate to
her lord, he soon tired of his matri
monial adventure. They separated
and as the months passed It became
public knowledge In London that the
young wife was slowly learning to love
another, a man whom she had pre
viously met in this country, a design
ing fellow, who had delighted in prey
ing on women and had successfully
preyed upon the misguided one from
Oakland. Valentine Gadesden was his
name, and it was his name that fin
ally was associated with that of Lady
Yarde-Buller In the suit for divorce
brought by her husband.
COURT GRANTS DIVORCE.
The suit of her husband was the
beginning of tedious litigation, in one
branch of which she contracted the
cold that - caused her death. There
were emphatic denials upon the part
of Lady Yarde-Buller and counter
Continued Page 1, Column 6.
charges as to the amounts of money
involved in settlements upon both
sides. . In the midst :ot the long-drawn
out troubles General Kirkham died
and shortly afterward Gadesden passed
away. , With «the death of these two a
portion of the litigation ceased, but
only to* branch out in new directions.
The separation betwen Lady Yarde-
Buller and her husband became com
plete under order of the English
courts; Lord Yarde"-BUller went from
London to South Africa in the British
service and Lady Yarde-Buller "took
up her. residence in Oakland with her
two children by her first husband.
Troubles multiplied and the woman
who was once the reigning belle of
London regal society passed into the
custody . of the courts of Alameda
County and a guardian was appointed.
There have .been several guardians at
different times and there has been
endless litigation . over the custody of
her ladyship, and her estate. No
• sooner would one guardian be ap
•pointed by the court than contests'
would be begun by others who thought
they should be in charge of the person
and the property of Lady Yarde-
Biiller. Finally, she \ became seized
with a desire to control her own prop
erty and she brought suit to be re
stored to competency.
PLEADS HER OWN CASE. \
The trial a week ago was remarkable
In several ways. Lady Yarde-Buller
made her own plea to the jury and bo
well did she : . succeed that it took a
mass of expert testimony to show that,
while thoroughly competent in the or
dinary sense of the word, she was at
the same time morally irresponsible.
Her own son testified to this effect,,
and yet remained with his mother
every day during the trial, the most
loving affection existing between them.
Lady Yarde-Buller was again remand
ed to the care of Mr. "Wright as her
guardian and Dr. Robertson. These
two had agreed that upon Thanksglv-,
ing day she should be allowed a great- 1 .
er measure of liberty than before.
There is still about $250,000 of. her share
of the old Kirkham fortune, that will
go to her heirs. One son is dead, and
the other, Ralph Blair, 5 will come in 1
for what is left. Besides this son, , she'
leaves one sister in Oakland.
Lady Yarde-Buller's life was. filled
with many exciting , incidents, notable
among which was one in Italy. While
her beauty was yet "at its height, she
set out on a tour through Italy, stop-
Conveys to Him Good Wishes
of the Mikado and of the
People of Island Empire
John G. Woolley Joins in
the Attack Upon Prohi
bition Campaign Manager
SCANDAL RENDS
ANTI-RUM CLAN
FUSHIMI MEETS
THE PRESIDENT
LADY-YARDE BULLER DIES
IN A SANITARIUM AT
LIVERMORE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
2
No Pain
Is so severe that it cannot be relieved
with Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills.
It is the only infallible remedy known
for. the relief and cure of every kind of
pain, headache from any cause, neural-
gia, rheumatic pain, backache, sideache,
menstrual pains, muscular pains, stom-
achache, toothache, etc.
If you are subject to aches and pains
of any kind, take
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
When you feel the first symptom coming
on. Tou will be entirely relieved from
the attack. They are pleasant little tab-
lets, but they do the business — besides,
.they, are absolutely harmless.
. "I have used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills
for three years and they never fail to re-<
lieve my nervous headache and neural-
gia. ' I have learned to get the best of
the attacks by taking a .tablet in ad-
vance."— RACHEL J. JOHNSON, Albu-
querque. N. M. .
If first package does not benefit you.
tell your druggist, and he will refund
money.
25 doses, 25 cents.- Never sold In bulk.
t
thai
Itself"
IMPLY PRESS '
/ '^ y^3pS&Jw^lL BAR
The most* perfect fountain pen yet pro-
duced. Dots not soil the finrers. never
sweat*, ls aJways ready and doe* not drip.
If you u M a Conklin on«re you'll never
have anything but a Conklin Pen after-
ward. Prire £3.O<> and up.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES of all
. kind* at popular prices.
ANSCO Camera* are hlch rrade- and al-
ways dependable: $2.00 and up.
CYKO Photo Paper Insures p<i-fect de-
tail. Print* hy artificial light. Try Jt,
KODAK DEVELOPING AXD PRINTING
AT Ct-'T PRICES.
Printing — Eolio finish, 3c to 60; Vclox
£r.ich. 3c to Oo.
Developing— Roll of «!x. lOe; roll of
12, 15e.
Cameras of all kladf repaired at moderate
* prices.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITT8. The Stationer.
1008 MAEZET STREET, Opp. Tilth,
SAN FRANCISCO.
visit DR. JORDAN'S ducat J
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
(1 CB icniutxRK.toi.e!M7i*,s.rcii.A
\ SJ Tfce Luntt Aaumlcal Museum in t*e \
it _< Al ' W-rl *- *»—*•—>• m Ulf rnntr.rtrri A
X. PaCT <«••«•— ""- 1 Temr^ W rt. oldc.t £
O IS Q 1 •• ">« Ceiit. L.t. 3* jetn O
A ti*tf*b CR. J8RDAN-0ISEASES OF KEN 6
A f C5^53 Con»tilt«fc>B fr». lad Krictij prtntt. \
U I iF&R T '"*°" pmonmlij or t>r letter. A Q
T I y "flK /nwm On ¦ nttj cMtnilimkit. T
dti Off «. Wffe » *¦»*••*. rsjLSSSPBVaf A
\ i ft H «tl««bl« baok far sn| \
V t>n. JOBDAK «V CO.. let! Market Mt.,8. F 9
Always Remember the FalT/tam*
laxative Kromo Qmmne
Caret a Cold in One Day. Crypto 2 Days
\Q. y/^JC^7rv^tr%^00 bos. 35c
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAR9TT ST. Kstabllsbed
In ISM (or the treatment <i ITtvate ¦
Dlntuei, I/nt Manbood. Debility or
(Jixrase wearlnrr>n tody and mind and
Skin Diswieee, The Poctorenres when
others fall. Try him. (liarpes low.
<urr>|;nariinlrril. Call or writ*.
Or. J. W. t>IllRO\. Bail l'rar ysco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD tj£E DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: jrlves health and
• u*rcth to sexual organs. Depot. 823 Market.
ADVERTISEMEST^.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Has won srucceea far beyond th© «fleet
of ad tci Using only.
Its wonderful popularity ls ex-
plained by its unapproachable Merit.
Based upon a prescription wWch
cured people considered Incurable.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Unites the best-known v«getabl» rem-
edies in such a way as to hare cura-
tive power peculiar to itself.
Its cures of scrofula, eczema, psor-
iasis, and overy kind of humor, as -oretl
as catarrh and rheumatism — prove
Hood's Sarsaparilla
the best blood purifier ever produced.
Its cures of dyspepsia, loss of appe-
tite and that tired feeling make It th*
greatest stomach tonic and Btrengrtla-
restorer the world has ever known.
Begin to take it TO-DAY.
TTJUXXS STATES BSAXTCS.
STATEMENT
OF THB '
CONDITION' AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
London Guarantee and Accident Company
(LIMTTEO.)
OF LONDON, IN E^OI^NT>. ON TITO
3Ut day of December, A. L>. 1908 and for
tho year ending on that day, mm mad* to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the Stat« of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of aecttona
810 acd 611 of the Political Coda. eondea«e4
as par blank furnished by th* Commissioner:
ASSB7TS.
Cash Atarket Value of all Stocks
and Boada owned by Company.. $1,144,342 Tt
Cash In Company's Offloe 1.730 93
Cash In Banks 123.70O 00
Interest due and aocrued on Bonds
and Mortgage* 13.1S4 SI
Premiums In du« Courts of Col-
lection 193.743 M
TMal. assets U.iT^.iXtt S3
LIABILITIES. — -— — •
Loeaea tn prooesa ot Adjustment
or in Suspense $18.9«? 38
Losses resisted. Including expenses 12,873 Oo
Gross premtures on Risks running '
on* year or less. Jv.vj.rjO 54: re-
Insurance 50 per. cent 44S.S39 7T
Gross premiums on Risk* running .
more than one year. I1S.O1S 14;
reinsurance pro rata . : n gjt -pi
Special reserve- for unpaid loases... 3M'3- a oo
Commissions and brokerage due
and to become due 62.801 71
ConUnfent Reserve (Liability De-
P*rtxnent) 100,000 00
All other Liabilities ZT.lH w
Total liabilities ll.02S.0Qg 10
INCOMX. ~~
Net casb actually recciva* for
premiums «j ,<>, ,>«, _,
Received for Interest and dividends *"•""* »»
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sourcts 28,870 23
Total lncoms ..jl.233.S83 1»
EXPENDITURES. ~"'~
Net amount paid for Losses « 473.451 xj.
Remitted to Home Office :* i£v.- it
Paid or allowed tor Commission TO - a "' la
or Brokerage o^.. „.- ,_
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other >wo °°
charges for officers. cl«rk» etc is mo t-
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 17 34a 73
All other payments and expenJl- *••*»» ••»
tUre " • 201.144 g7
Total expenditures $1,116 787 u
A -»5:^ ASTERS - Untte<1 States^anagtr
Subscribed and .worn to before me. this Jith
day of January, 1004. "*
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Publia.
ACCIDENT AND LIABILITY UNXJl
EDW. .C. LANDI3.
418-41S California st.. San Fraadseo* CaL
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
louslilSOir 7^
TROUBLE Al DOM'T KNOW IT
fTrni^l, ' fill 1 if^
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Seht Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sick-
ness and suffering than any other disease— therefore, when
through neglect cr other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to
continue, fatal results arc sure to follow.
Vour other organs may ncid attention- but your kidneys
most, because they do most and need attention fi.-st. •
41 -you are sick or "feel . fcadly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swomp-Root. the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, be-
cause as soon as yoiP kidneys begin to get better they wi 1 help
ell the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of symptoms of which are— obliged to
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and pass your water frequently night and
bladder remedy, is soon reaHz.d. It d^^^irr^n mpassmg.
Mands, tne highest for its wonderful headachCf backache, lame back, dizzi-
curci of the most distressing cases. n e S s, poor digestion, .sleeplessness,
Swamp- Root will set your whole sys- rjervousbess/ heart disturbance due to
tern right, and the best proof of this bad. kidney trouble, skin ' '. eruptions
is a'trial.' from bad blood, neuralgia, rheuma-'
m cottage ST., helrose mass. tism, diabetes, bloating, irritability,
dear snt: jak. iith. 1904. wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
cr ¦"STiSS^'tSSbi 1 : 2W3&5 ™ ™" « f . fl« h j. salIow complexion, \ or
j«jr it tx><axne ro eevere ani complicated that Bright S disease.
I fufferfd cveryUiins and was much aiarmed— jf VQur water when allowed to re-
my Ktic-neth and pow«r was fast leaving me. *• 3"ur waicr, \vncn allowed 10 re
i saw &n &dvma*ment of Ewamp-Root and mam undisturbed in a glass or bottle
wrote fcMting for advice. I began the use of f or twentv-four hours forms a sedi-
Um m3S3S and noted a decided Improvement. Iur l wcnl J r : I " ur HOU "> lurms a seal
aft»=r tukirc Swamp-Root only a short time. \ ment Or Settling Or naS 3. ClOUdy ap-
• i continuurd its use ar.d am thankful to »ay ; pcarance, it is evidence that your
to_tf very «ure about inis i had a doctor exam- ! kidneys and bladder need immediate
lac eome cf my water to-day and he pro- I atfention.
nounced it all right and In eplendld condition. _ - . , • .
• - i know that your Swamp-iiDot ls purely bwamp-Koot is pleasant to take and
v<»f^table and <Joe« not contain any harmful Jc for sal^ at Hrncr <tr»r^« tVi^ wnrM
<Jr UF 5. Thanking you for my complete recovery 1S - I'*, 1 ( 8 StOreS tfte «orld
ma3 recommendlnr Swamp-Root to all sufferer* over in DOttleS OI tWO Sizes and tWO
1 tm - v> .'y '""tXSSf* i^^: prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
-I. c. RiciiARDSox." cmhcT the namCr Swamp-Root, Dr.
Swamp-Root is not recommended Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
lor everything, but it promptly cures dress, Binghamton, N. Y., on every
kidney, liver and bladder troubles, the bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.—In order ( O prove the wonderful merits of
bwamp-Koot you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable infor-
mation, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and
women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root are so well known
dial our readers are a< vised to send for a sample bottle. In sending your
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say you read
this generous offer m the San Francisco Daily Call. The genuineness of
this offer is guaranteed.Continued on Pago 4, Column 1.
The delegates representing the trade3
unions of the United States presented"
more than fifty resolutions to* the ex
ecutive council at yesterday's session.
These were in turn referred, for action
to the various committees appointed
by President Gompers.
W. J. Gilthorpe and A. F. Porter,
representing the Brotherhood of Boil
ermakers and Iron Shin Builders, intro
duced a resolution preferring charges
of violating the federation ' constitution
against President Gompers, Secretary
Morrison and the executive council,' in-,
eluding Vice Presidents James , Dun
can, John Mitchell, J. O'Connell, Max
Morris, D. Hayes and John B. Lennon.
The charge is that the officers issued
a charter to the Bridge and Structural
Ironworkers, violating a section of the
federation constitution, which says
that all applications for. charters shall
be. referred to closely allied crafts for
inspection and correction. The charter
was delivered by the officers despite
the protest of the' boilermakers and a
dual organization along the same lines
is the result.'";"
Federal Union No. 9611 petitioned the
federation to urge active legislation
for- the exclusion of the Japanese and
Chinese.
The Portland Federation Trades
MANY RESOLUTIONS.
delegate from the Florists' and Garden
ers' Union of Chicago. The committee
on credentials recommended that he
should be seated. Delegate Spencer de
clared that Mangan was not a florist
and gardener, but that he really was a
member of the Steamfitters' Union of
Chicago, a body that has been discred
ited by the federation, and that there
was trickery in the case. After some
talk It was voted to give Manga'n the
privilege of the floor of the convention
to make a statement. Mangan said he
did not care to speak and that he would
be contented to have the matter re
ferred, back to the committee on cre
dentials.
President Gompers then spoke in fa
vor of referring the entire matter back
to the committee on credentials. This
was done.
.Delegate Tanquaray objected to the
seating of B. Cohn, the delegate from
Kewanee, 111., on the ground that Cohn
lives in Chicago and is not a member
of the Kewanee Central Union. This
protest also went back to the committee
on credentials. After some discussion
the delegates of the structural iron
workers were seated, there being only
one vote in dissent, that one being by
W. F. Gilthorpe.
The committee on the president's re
port recommended indorsement of the
suggestion that a committee shall be
appointed to confer with the Typo
graphical Union in reference to an
eight-hour day; and that the sugges
tion regarding the defense fund should
be referred to the proper committee.
Fraternal Delegate John H. Richards
of Montreal made a. short speech and
a report relating to the labor movement
in Canada was submitted.
Some time was devoted to discussing
the report of the committee on rules
and order of f business. It was decided
to have no half-holiday for the conven
tion on Saturdays. The daily conven
tion hours were fixed to be from 9 a. m.
to noon and from 2 p. m. to 5:30 p. m.
President Gompers read a telegraphic
report which was In substance that an
eight-hour day and a minimum daily
wage of ?3 had been agreed to by the
owners of mines In the Telluride, Colo.,
district, and said: "Despite occasional
setbacks that may occur the future is
ours."
While the committee on credentials
was making its supplementary report
President Gompers, seeing that there
was a chance for more or less acri
mony. Judiciously called John Mitchell
to the chair and went down on the
floor of the convention and there found
ample use for skill in smoothing over
difficulties. This was the first time
that . John Mitchell has been in the
chair during the convention. Like
Gompers. he- has a prosperous.appear
ance. He is several years younger than
Gompers. He sported a pink carna
tion on the lapel of his black coat. A
diamond ring sparkled on his left hand.
His attire was given variety by a gray
waistcoat- He used the gavel to call
the convention to order much more
sparingly than does Gompers. He was
in the chair some; hours.
Next to the Schardt case the contro
versy about the right of A. F. Mangan
to sit as a delegate drew the most fire.
Mancan came to the convention as a
MITCHELL PRESIDES.
Schardt is prepared to fight for rec
ognition, notwithstanding that the
committee on credentials has turned
him down in a report submitted yes
terday. A warm contest on the floor of
the convention is therefore one of the
expected features of the proceedings
to-day.
Yesterday afternoon the convention
adjourned its general deliberations aft
er a short session. President Gompers
reported that resolutions had been re
ceived for consideration. Secretary
Morrison held up a thick bunch of res
olutions and was about to read them
when the plan was changed. An'In
vitation was given to all who had res
olutions that they wished to present
to turn them in to the committee on
resolutions.
In less than an hour after the aft
ernoon session was called to order the
floor of the convention hall was turned
Into a great committee room and a ma
jority of the regular committees were
engaged In hearing suggestions, com
plaints, resolutions and generally get
ting In hand the preliminaries of the
business that is to be transacted at
the present convention.
At the afternoon session of the con
vention Michael Davitt. the Irish lead
er, was escorted to the stage of the
convention by a committee. There he
was greeted with cries of "Davitt, Da
vitt, speech, speech." Davitt -spoke
very briefly and expressed sympathy
with the federation.
Vice President Duncan reported thr
doings of the executive committee of
the federation during twelve months.
The report was so long that the read-
Ing took the greater part of the fore
noon. The committee on rules submit
ted a code for the government of the
convention. It was adopted.
Many dissensions were revealed In
attempts to unseat some of those who
were present as delegates, the basis of
which was found in supplementary re
ports of the committee on credentials.
After a brief discussion it was decided
that the most interesting contest or
all, that involving the seating of Wil
liam G. Echardt. president of the Chi
cago Federation of Labor, shall be
brought up before the convention this
forenoon.
The American Federation of Labor
temporarily dropped speech making
yesterday and began to pave the way
for the transaction or me real busi
ness of the twenty-fourth annual con
vention.
The matter of leading interest sub
mitted, yesterday to the convention of
the American Federation of Labor
was the report of the executive coun
cil,. Which' was read by Vice President
Duncan. It furnishes a general view
of the workings of the federation in
the last year and gives details of the
general situation that was shadowed
out on Monday in the reports of
President Gompers and Secretary
Morrison. .
Duncan reported for the council
that a conference was held in 'Wash
ington to determine the line of de
markation of. various unions' Jurisdic
tions. The council resulted in the ap
pointment of a committee to con
sider the jurisdiction of the Brother-?,
hood of Boilermakers, Iron . Ship
Builders' and the Bridge and Struc
tural Ironworkers' International
Union. The conclusions that the com
mittee, consisting of Vice Presidents
Duncan; O'Connell and Spencer,
reached were as follows:
. First— Smokestacks are awarded to th«
The International Brotherhood of
Teamsters recuested the executive
council to Instruct the Brewery Work
men's Union to surrender by transfer
the card of all drivers members of
the Teamsters*.
The Central Labor Council of Los
Angeles asked the president to ap
point a special organizer for the
State of California, to work for one
year, beginning January 1, 1905.
The cement employes of Ocean
View asked the board to appoint a
man to organize the cement workers
into a urrton.
The Riggers' Protective Union pe
titioned the executive. board to adjust
the differences between the riggers
and ' the brldee and structural
ironworkers.
The City Firemen's Protective As
sociation of Pittsburg, Pa., asked
that steps be taken to organize the
Fire Departments throughout the
cities of the United States for the pur
pose of obtaining shorter hours.
The Watch Case Engravers' Asso
ciation resolved that it shall be the
only recognized body of watch case
engravers and that the label of the
organization be the official label.
SPECIAL ORGANIZER.
Council of Portland, Ore., asked that
the labor exhibit at the St. Louis Fair
be moved to Portland for the Lewis
and Clark Exposition.
The American Brotherhood of Ce
ment Workers petitioned for a charter.
The Sacramento Federated Trades
Council asked to have the local union
of machinists alfillated with the cen
tral body. It also asked to have the
boilermakers and iron ship builders
affiliated with the central council.
The Texas State Federation com
plained of the pay check system in
vogue in the lumber districts of Texas
and asked that a special man be ap
pointed to investigate the conditions in
that region.
The Washington State Federation
asked that the president's, secretary's
a.nd treasurer's reports be printed and
circulated among the delegates before
the convention meets In sessions here
after. The same body also asked that
the seventh and eighth vice presidents
of the federation be members of the
building trades and that the executive
board furnish financial aid to weak
and struggling central labor councils.
The Wood, Wire and Metal Lath
ers' International Union entered a
resolution disapproving of firms vio
lating agreements and attempting to
disrupt labor organizations.
A matter of general interest was re
ported In reference to the declaration
By the efforts of the council aa
amalgamation was effected between
the International Association of Allied?
Metal Mechanics and the International
Association of Machinists. A confer
ence has been arranged between the
American District of the Amalgamated
Society of Carpenters and Joiners and
the United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners of America.
For quite a tlm« ther? has been consid
erable dispute between the Seamen's Inter
national Union of America and tha Interna
tional Longshoremen's Association regarding
certain features of Jurisdiction. We have had
a number of conferences with the representa
tives of both organizations and have arranged
for another conference to be held In this city,
when It is hoped that a workable agreement.
to the mutual advantage of both organization*,
may be adopted.
Concerning the controversy that
touches San Francisco in the disagree
ment between the Seamen's National
L T nlon of America and the Interna
tional Longshoremen's Union, th«
council reported In full as follows:
In a controversy between the United
Mine Workers of America and the Coal
Hoisting Engineers It was decided that
th« charter of the Coal Hoisting En
gineers should be withdrawn; that all
existing 1 contracts of the engineers
should be maintained by the miners;
that the miners should accept with*
out initiation fee all coal hoisting en
gineers in good standing, and that rep
resentatives of the two organizations
should meet to carry the decision into
effect.
MINING CONTROVERSY.
the decision and the charters of the central
bodies of Chicago". Indianapolis and Washing
ton. D. C, have been revoked and those bodies)
Informed that Immediately upon compliance)
with the decision their charters will b« re
newed.
The disagreement that resulted in
the revocation of the charters of the
central bodies of Chicago, Indianapolis
and Washington, D. C, being the con
troversy in which the Chicago Federa
tion of fLabor Is now concerned before
the present convention, was argued by
the council, with decision as follows:
We thereupon decided that those central
bodies ' which failed to comply on or before
November 1 with your decision and the terms
of that circular issued In conformity there
with should have their charters revoked on
the date named and directed President Gom
pers to issue letters to this effect to these
recalcitrant central bodies. The date set has
expired and compliance has not been had with
A dispute took place between the
United Metal Workers and the Bridge
and Structural Iron Workers. Vice
President Spencer and John A. Flett
were selected as the representatives
of the executive council to determine
the questions at issue. It was decided
by the council that coppersmiths prop
erly come under the jurisdiction of the
Amalgamated Sheet Metal Workers'
International Association. Secretary
Sherman of the United Metal Workers
has entered a protest against the de
cision.
The conclusions were ratified by the
council, but they have not been fully
enforced by the organizations in inter
est.
Fourth — Assembling and erection of the
frame and plates on safety deposit vaults is
avarded to the International Association ot
Bridge and Structural Ironworkers.
Brotherhood of Boilermakers and Iron Ship
Builders of America.
Second — Gasometers, steam, air. gas or
water-tiEht tank work, with the frame work
to the coplnff of the outer tank. Is awarded
to the Broherbood of Boilermakers and Iron
Ship Builders of America, and the guide frame
work above the coplns of the outer tank Is
awarded to the International Association of
Bridge and Structural Iron Workers.
Third— Erection of rib, girder and angle Iron
work in connection with coal hoppers and ash
chutes In buildings u awarded to the Inter
national Association of Bridge and Structural
Ironworkers.
Many Resolutions Are Received to Be Considered by Delegates
Status of Chicago Federation to Be Settled on Floor.
SCENES IN TFIE CONVENTION OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR AND DELEGATES WHO ARE DAILY IN ATTENDANCE AT DELIBERATIONS.
' Gompers spoke of the decision of an
Illinois court which declared the Illegal
ity of the contract between labor
unions and employers. He said that
until the Supreme Court of the United
States had passed upon that contract it
could not be declared illegal. He said:
"I have the greatest respect for the
Supreme Court of the United States,
but it once rendered a Dred Scott de
cision of which we are not proud. It
is composed of human beings like our
selves. I come to you to preach the
gospel that you be true to the cause of
unionism. Be proud to be a workman
vfith your diploma of honor In your
clear card of membership in your
union. You are the grand army of
peace. To you it is given to work
out the solution of the greatest problem
In the world's history. This great labor
movement cannot die out. It cannot be
crushed out. Work and pray, pray and
work that success shall usher in the
day whose full noon sun shall proclaim
"Deace on earth, good will to man."
"The workman has the duty first to
perform a fair day's work and he ought
to have an Influential voice in de
termining what a fair day's work con
sists of. The trades unions do not limit
output. The trades unions do limit the
hours of labor and expect during the
hours of employment that the work
man shall give a fair day's work. It
comes with bad grace from the employ
ers of the United States to charge that
the trades unions limit and restrict the
output when it is borne in mind that in
the whole world the workmen do not
work with half the speed and the skill
of our American workmen. It comes
with ill grace, I say for such a charge
to be made In the light of this fact."
"It was not eo long ago that when a
workman discussed questions touching
his hours cf employment, his labor or
what not along this line he was brand
ed with an iron, cast into prison and
hanged. If it is the Idea of the Citi
zens' Alliance to crush out the spirit
of organized labor they ought to have
begun with our grandparents. Men
and women have come to learn that
these mean and little-minded people
foolishly think they can crush them
out. The struggles of labor have been
from time immemorial, but in our time
the struggle has taken on new form.
Now the worker uses his reason and his
intelligence.
John B. Lennon was cordially re
ceieved. He sajd he had met many trade,
unionists who seemed discouraged
over the situation. But the speaker
asserted that as a fact to-day there
was a better understanding of the real
meaning of labor unionism than ever
before In the thirty years he had been
a union man. He thought the agita
tion about the "open shop" had 1m
ptlled workingmen to solidify them
selves. In his own trade — Journeyman
tailor — there were more union shops
than a year ago. He insisted that the
"open shop" means a "closed shop" to
all labor unionists. Said he: "The
father of the open shop, D. M. Parry,
could not have had a hearing if trades
unionism did not exist and exist to
*ome purpose. I cannot understand
the economic theory of the man who
organizes to lower the wages of the
people upon whom he thrives.
"On this coast you have to be the
pickets to prevent the influx of cheap
labor from across the Pacific. We will
give you all the help we can. But it
is essentially the duty of the people
of California, Oregon and Washington
to make that fight. We depend upon
you to see that this country Is not
flooded with this Asiatic labor."
Great cheering followed the intro
duction of "the Little Giant of the
labor movement," as Samuel Gom
pers was styled by President Petry
when he escorted the leader to the
front of the platform.
Gompers said there was some satis
faction in trying to live the life in
which one believed. He declared it
was the lesson he was trying to in
culcate, that lesson in unionism of try
ing to help fellow men. He continued:
"The movement of organized labor is
so vast that much time would be nec
essary to present it. The enemies of
labor are constantly attempting to in
still the vires of prejudice and Ignor
ance in the minds of our fellow tollers.
You notice clearly ringing through all
of our speeches the advocacy of man
hood that shall make stalwart, intel
ligent men of the American working
man.
"I believe there is not an organiza
tion of men or women that can be so
easily persuaded to do the right as
organized labor. There is not an asso
ciation whose sympathy can be so eas
ily touched as the hearts of trades un
ionists. Labor has meekly submitted
to wrong, injustice, oppression and bru
tality for centuries.
"Colorado certainly has spoken, but
never so distinctly as California will if
it Is ever put to the test and has to
wipe out the anarchists in this Golden
Gate of ours.
"When the Citizens' Alliance takes it
upon itself to dictate to the employers
and to the employe I say that It is
more than the people of this country
will put up with, and the leaders of this
organization are destined to the great
est defeat that ever was meted out to
any set of men.
"Have you ever considered how much
better it would be for us who have to
eat and wear clothes and wear them
good If we made them ourselves? It
would do away with the strike and the
lockout, the boycott and the picket.
This is what we must look to for our
salvation, and when we get possession
of what we eat and what we wear we
won't care what the Citizens' Alliance
does during "its working hours."
LENNOX SPEAKS.
had kept on and consumed my time as
I would never miss a chance to hear
them. /
"We who are in the trades union
movement on this coast have no apol
ogies to make for being on its side. We
have no reason to hide having been in
Jail for this cause as others have to
hide the reason for which they had to
serve time.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— Oakland gave
a royal welcome to-night to a score of
distinguished labor leaders. Men at
the forefront of the ranks cf organized
labor were the guests of the unions of
this city at a great mass-meeting at
Gerniasia HalL For weeks, anticipat
ing the convention of the American
Federation of Labor, the east side lead
ers had been preparing for a demon
stration in honor of the visitors who
represent many hundreds of thousands
cf toilers in the United States,
The delegation from San Francisco
was - welcomed at Fourteenth and
Franklin streets by a host of marching
union men. which escorted the guests
to the hall with much music and flre
works accompaniment. Among the
party were Samuel Gompers, president
of the American Federation of Labor;
Frank Morrison, secretary; John B.
Lennon. treasurer; John Mitchell,
James Duncan. James O'Connell. Max
.Morris. Thomas I. Kidd, D. A. Hayes,
D. J. Keefe and W. J. Spencer, vice
presidents. Charles W. Fetry, presi
dent cf th* Central Labor Council of
Oakland, was chairman of the recep
tion committee and acted as president
of the evening.
Upon the arrival of the train from
San Francisco a procession was formed
under the leadership vi Marshal J. B.
Boven. Bands composed of members
of the Musicians' Union. Branch Local
So. 6. were interspersed through the
line which was composed of represen
tatives of the Bricklayers, Millmen,
Cooks and Waiters, Barbers. Electrical
Workers and all other unio-r.s' locals
affiliated ¦with the American Federa
tion of Labor.
A FIXE MARCH.
Th<? march was down Broadway,
through Kighth street to Germania
Hail. The reception committee was
composed of C. W. Petry. D. C. Craw
turd. \V. E. Berry, J. B. Bo wen, Joseph
Rebc-ii. J. Hooker. \V. Gray, E. Rem
mer and Joseph Scott.
In iho train uf the long line of march
ing esrorts was a throng of people that
oruvidtiti IT I 1 hi i in Ha.ll to tne limit of
eiar-fi!ng: room. It was an enthusiastic
•iiiaierue and made much demonstra
tion as speaker after speaker of na
tional pune was presented.
As aa overture, the consolidated
bands rendered a. symposium of patri
otic ami national airs. The platform
mu embellished with flowers, potted
Dl-ants and paJuis. a tastc-fui setting to
the score of unions" banners that
graced the Ftuge. President Petry
called the meeting to order in a grace
ful speech of welcome, during which
he referred to the honor that had
been dore Oakland by the presence of
the esteemed leaders who were here
to-night. Continuing, said Mr. Petry:
"On this •platform to-night there are
tr:en who are pioneers In the labor
world. They have grown prematurely
old and rrayhaired in the work for hu
manity, on behalf of the trades
unionists of Alameda County I thank
them for the crark they have done in
oehalf of the betterment cf the human
race. We owe them a debt of gratitude,
and it is with most heartfelt apprecia
tion cf that work that I and we, all
cf us, take pleasure in welcoming them
to Oakland.
URGES TENACITY.
'"Trades unionists of Oakland, give up
nothing for which you have fought.
Let me call your attention to the
golden rule of trades unionists, 'All for
one and one for all.* "
Chairman Petry introduced John P.
Mead of Brockton. Massachusetts, aa
the first speaker. Mr. Mead said:
"This audience indeed an inspira
tion, it demonstrates that trades
unionism moves, lives and has ltd be
ing. I was much Impressed with tht.
remarks of your chairman after read
ing the circular just read emanating
from the Citizens' Alliance. I do not
believe that the trades urions of this
country owe an apology for their ex
istence.
"I shall not attempt to discuss
trades uninniFm. I take it that you
have learned In that hard school of ex
perience the lesson which has now be
come old. I can only say with the late
Mr. Gladstone that 'the trades unions
are the bulwarks of modern democ- I
racy.' i
"There is only one more thing I want
to say. and I believe that this little ad
cress of mine would be left unfinished
if 1 did not say a word about the or
ganization of the purchasing power.
You to-day hardly realize the power
you have in your «wn hands in stand
ing together on the proposition of the
union label."
President Petry presented Frank K.
Foster of the International Typograph
ical Union from Massachusetts, who
said he was glad to have the oppor
tunity to exchange greetings with fel
low-trades unionists. Further Mr. Fos
ter said:
"Tiu- lime for apology for trades
unionism has long gone by. It has
justineci its existence by its elevation
o. humankind. It is constructive. The
old rule was that the wage earner
should bear all of the burdens of ex
istence. He must be blind who does not
know what trades unionism has con
tributed to humanity.
UNIONS FOLLOW FLAG.
-Your trade may follow the flag, but
trades unionism also follows the flag
\\e beg to assure men who assume to
control and direct affairs that organ
ized labor is not a temporary phenom
enom. but a permanent fixture In so
ciety. It will not be driven out by de
cree of Legislature, writ of injunction,
of the bayonet of the militia. " !
"It is an inspiration as we have trav- '
eled frcm one commonwealth to the
other to watch the development and
growth of trades unionism that I be
lieve is the bulwark of the nation."
P. IJ. McCarthy, president of the
Building Trades Council of San Fran
cisco, was introduced. During his ad
dress, he eaid:
"I feel somewhat embarrassed follow
ing such speakers as you have just
beard, and I should feel grateful if they
LEADERS ARE FRANK
Speakers Say That
It WiU Follow
the Flag.
UNIONISM IS STABLE
Gompers Welcomed
by Enthusiastic
Thousands.
THE American Federa
tion of Labor Conven
tion yesterday 'began
to dispose of business on
hand by getting important
matters before the "commit
tees. The executive council
made a report. Many reso
lutions were read. Michael
Davitt was present and ex
pressed sympathy with the
work of the federation. Last
evening leading men of
the organization addressed
members of the federation
and* others in Oakland. Va
rious entertainments were
given hi this city for vis
itors.
EXECUTIVE COUNCIL SUBMITS REPORT J$MD COMMITTEES BEGIN THEIR WORK
LABOR CONVENTION DEVOTES A DAY TO BUSINESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALLV WEDNESDAY/. NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
3
' A
» Roast Beef. fil
Material* : — Two or more ribs Jrfffi^
or a heavy piece of loin; salt, >¦( yj-j|
pepper, flour, a piping hot oven. t/*g*a
Lea & Perrins 9
Sauce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning:- Add to each pint of gravy one tabJespoonful of Lea £5.
Perrins' Sauce. The aroma and taste of gravy thus
seasoned will add zest to appetite and relish to the
rout. Try it and be convinced.
JOHS DUSCA!f*5 SOXS, Agent*, NEW TOUT.
v - v ;RESORT AGAIN RAIDED.— The police
made another raid last night on the resort
at . 622 • Jackson street and arrested thirty-four
women. All were released on baiLIMMMWS
'.: COLLINS ESTATE— A: petition for letters of
administration upon the ei tate of Peter F.
Collins, who died . November 9, leaving propl
ert- valued at ?&5f>o\ wa» filed yesterday by
Joseph B. Collins, Mary J. Sweeney and Mary
3. Collins, children of the deceased.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 15.— While Detec
tive Pickering was placing Charles
Morton under arrest this afternoon
orr a light criminal- charge the/ 1 latter
pulled up an iron hitching post and
attempted to crush the detective's
head. Pickering disarmed Morton. ¦'
Tries to Kill Detective.
$2.00 buys a card index drawer, 500
record cards and 25 guide cards. Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and good print
ing. Sar.born, Vail & Co., 741 Market at.*
Card Systems and Cabmets.
, . An . attempt . was made by Major
Gomez ' Castro and others- to incite a
revolt" at .{he* Realengo School of Artil
lery, but this was unsuccessful. The
Government Is' receiving much praise
for,. the energetic measures taken to
suppress the disorder.
RIO DtE JANEIRO, Nov. 15.— The
revolutionary movement has been
crushed and order is completely re
stored. Senator Lauro Sodre and Dep
uty Barboza " Lima, leaders of the
movement, have fled. Other leaders
have been arrested. Many persons
have been killed. or wounded.
The students of the Military School
revolted yesterday evening and de
posed the commandant, General Cos
tallent. This was followed by secret
meetings held at the. Military Club, at
which Generals Olymplo, Sllvera, and
Travessos were present. General '.Tra
vef=sos was appointed to succeed Gen
eral Costallent. The whole school, at
about 8, o'clock in the evening, under
command of Oeneral Travessos, march
ed on the town, but were met by a de
tachment of soldiers and military po
licemen. A serious encounter followed,
duriirj" which. General Travessos g was
wounded and his horse killed under
*iim. His adjutant was killed. The
cadrts.then fell back and occupied the
hills in the neighborhood of'tHe school.
At 2 o'clock in the morning the sol
diers and police, supported by the war
vessels, attacked the cadets' position
and at 5 o'clock the cadets, being with
out a leader, surrendered. They \yere
all. placed In prison. . ¦
Garden City Prisoner Makes Escape,
Lieavlng Note Tliankiug Turnkey
-. for His Kindness.
.SAN. JOSE, Nov. 15. — J. S. Potter,
who yesterday was sentenced to five
years in San Quentin for murderous
assault, sawed out a second story win
dow in the county jail last night and
disappeared. He left a note thanking
the iailer for his kindness.
SAWS WAY TO FREEDOM
FROM SAN, JOSE JAIL
Quickly Stamps Out the
Revolutionary Movehient
and Arrests the Leaders
BRAZIL PUTS
DOWN UPRISING
that his wife had gone to San 1 Fran
cisco. 'I love you. I love all blondes.
I don't know why it Is I love all blonde
young girls.* he exclaimed while I
struggled to free myself. Then Brad
bury said in a threatening tone, 'You
had better keep still.' "
Attorney Hosmer took the witness,
but up to the time of adjournment did
not shake her testimony. The case
will be resumed to-morrow morning.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 15.— W. B.
Bradbury, the millionaire who was
held to answer In September on a
charge of criminal assault preferred
by his housekeeper, Mrs. C. Hanifln,
appeared for trial to-day before Judge
Lennon. Bradbury was represented by
Attorneys T. ; Kierullf and John Hos
mer. District Attorney Bovd is con
ducting the prosecution. Most of the
day was spent in securing a jury, the
panel not having been filled until 3
o'clock. Bradbury had ,with " him in
court a number of private detectives
and Detectives 'O'Dea and Mulcahy of
the San Francisco police.
The case was opened for the people
by District Attorney Boyd reciting
what the people expected to prove
against nradbury. Mrs. Catherine Han
ifln was called as a witness. She told
how she and her husband had been
employed by Bradbury, the husband
to oversee Bradbury's Tanch and she
to do the general housework. She said
that on August 20, about 6 o'clock In
the morning, the old man became gal
lant and tried to kiss her. She shook
him off, she said, and he, to placate
her, offered her $5 and told her to
hide It where "Eddie," her husband,
could not see It. This, said the witness,
she indignantly refused.
The old man came back later and
offered her a new dress, said Mrs. Han
inn, which she also refused. He then
left her. Later he returned to where
shd was working in the storeroom. "He
threw his arms violently around me,"
sa'd the witness, "and told me 'that
he had sent my husband away and
; It is admitted by those best informed
that at leaat one member of the new
court will be appointed from Alameda
County^ and Judge Greene's friends are
making a strong effort to see that his
candidacy is given the ' fullest consid
eration by the appointing power.
Judge' Lennon of Marin, whose
friends were anxious that he should
receive appointment to the rrew bench,
has announced himself as not being a
candidate fpr the office. 1 Judge Lennon
has, informed these friends that were
active in hls*behalf that he is better
satisfied where he is. Furthermore, he
says, he was elected to serve the people
of his . county for four years . and he
considers it his duty to show to them
his appreciation of. the confidence they
have reposed in him. Hence he will re
main where he is and where he can do
the most service for those that elected
him to the office he now holds.'
United States Senator Bard will ar
rive in this city. this morning. . He will
go, as usual, to, the Occidental Hotel.
Many ' prominent Republicans have
been looking forward to this opportu
nity to visit the Senator, and as hi3
stay this time will be short It Is prob
able that the hours he spends here will
be busy, ones for him. '
ONE FROM ALAMEDA.
"Hundreds, yes,' thousands, of the
Democrats that lent us their aid at the
election voted the Republican ticket on
November 8 ; last for the first time . in
their lives," said General Stone. "To
many it was like casting aside the re
ligion they learned at their mother's
knee to take up a strange one. Give
their good, act a chance to grow upon
them and in their consciences they will
soon find defenders for their aid of the
Republican cause. Don't let us crow
over these people that so splendidly
aided us and In time they will come
out into the open and admit that at
last they have found the light and have
emerged from the darkness of Demo
cratic philosophy."
Colonel Pippy's views were the same
as those of General Stone. The ques
tion of^-the ratification meeting was
discussed with them in every light and
in the end their views prevailed. So
there will be no blazing of flambeaux,
no blare of seventeen bands, no retell
ing of the oft-told tale of tariff and
gold, of progress and prosperity.
Among the' most prominent Jurists
yet to be mentioned for appointment to
the bench of the new District Courts
of Appeal is Judge W. E.- Greene of the
Superior. Court of Alameda County.
Judge Greene has been on the bench .for
twenty years and is favorably known
to every voter of his county.
General George Stone, chairman of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee and Colonel George H. Plppy, pres
ident of the Union League Club, were
opposed to the meeting and their line of
reasoning finally found the most ad
herents. It was pointed out by them
that the great victory of the Repub
lican party in California was not due
alone to the Republicans, but to a
great mass of Democrats that deflected
to the party of progress and will prob
ably stand by it in future years "if it
is not rubbed in too strong," as Gen
eral Stone put it.
GIVE THEM A CHANCE.
That the great victory of the Repub
lican party at the recent election was
a ratification in itself that should
satiate the desire of the most enthusi
astic member of the faith is the general
opinion, and, as a result, the proposed
parade and meeting of the victors has
been abandoned. Some of the members
of the Union League Club were in fa
vor of holding the celebration and were
active in making preparations when
other counsel prevailed and the plan
was dropped.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
RATIFICATION
IS ABANDONED
ARDENT LOVE
OF BRADBURY
The sluicing of the ruins, which haa
been going on since Sunday, ceased
to-day. - Nothing of importance was
found. The . community here to-day
is no wiser than it was on last Thurs
day night when the brutal crime was
committed. . The shocking murder has
greatly upset and terrified many
women and children of the town and
houses are being closely guarded be
cause of the fear the crime has
aroused.
In speaking of the tragedy, J. M.
Lowell, an old time resident of Au
burn and a great friend of Julius We
ber, the murdered man, said: "I
knew Weber a long time. He was a
quiet, law-abiding, peaceful citizen.
He was very fond of his family.
Adolph was a puzzle to him. While I
cannot say that there was any enmity
existing between father and son,
there was always a certain strange
ness between them." .
AUBURX HOMES GUARDED.
"Weber was not the least bit ex
cited," savs Goldenberg. "In fact, he
was cooler than usual." : .
District Attorney A. K. Robinson
moved that the preliminary hearing
be held to-morrow morningr at 10
o'clock, and, this meeting with the
opproval of Adolph's attorney, It was
arranged that the hearing should go
en at that hour.
Nothing new was developed in the
case to-day, although It Is reported
that the District Attorney, Sheriff
Keena and Coroner Shepard have all
been placed in possession of valuable
evidence. The Coroner's Jury will meet
again to-morrow night, when Mrs.
Snowden, the aunt of Adolph, will go
upon the stand. So far she has had
very little to say, but there is no ques
tion but what she will prove a splen
did witness for the District Attorney.
The trousers that are supposed to have
been worn by Adolph on the night of
the tragedy prior to the burning of the
duelling, andt.whichT^wrtnrew into the
building through a window while the
fire was In progress .have been care-'
fully examined bv Dr. J. Francis
White. -The physician reports " that he
found stains upon the trousers, stains
made by human blood. Dr. White
made a most careful examination, but
he asked the District Attorney to send
the trousers to San ¦ Francisco. This
was done and the garment is now be
ing, examined by an expert chemist of
that city. *m
Joseph GoldeWberg, the clerk in Co
hen's store, from whom Weber bought
the trousers, says that Adolph came
In at 6:55 and asked for a pair of
trousers. Goldenberg picked out a
pair and handed them to Adolph, who
took them to the back of the store* and
put them on, paying the clerk $2 60 for
them. Adolph then rolled up the old
pair and the clerk took them and tied
them up in a piece of paper and Adolph
left the store with the bundle. The
whole Interview did not last more than
ten minutes.
AUBURN, Nov. 15.— Adolph Weber
appeared for arraignment this after
noon before Judge E. O. Smith. No
action was taken, tho preliminary
hearing: being: continued until to-mor
row on request of the District Attor
ney. *
Young Weber came Into the court
room accompanied by his attorneys,
B. P. Tabor and S. J. Pullen. He was
dressed entirely in black. He was as
cool and' collected as ever. Occasion
ally during: the brief proceedings .a
sarcastic smile would nit across his
countenance. Once when making a
remark to his attorneys his face was
Lighted up with a smile. He took the
keenest interest in the proceedings and
to look at him no one for a moment
could Imagine that he was In any way
connected with the terrible crime with
which' he Is charged.
As soon as the court waa called to
order Judge Smith read the charge
accusing young Adolph with the mur
der of his mother, Mary Weber. A
death-like stillness existed during this
recital, but young Adolph sat with his
features fixed, his countenance immov
able. The accusation that he had
killed his mother had no visible effect
on him.
ILEARIXG IS POSTPONED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Physician Who Made Exam
ination of Garment Worn
by Lad on Night of Tragedy
Makes Startling Discovery
BLOOD STAMS AEB
FOUND ON TKOUSERS
Youth Accused of Terrible
Crime Appears Before the
Bar of Justice Without, a
Tremor or Sign of Feeling
by the New Orleajjs central body that
a labor paper published and edited by
a member of the International Typo
graphical Union is unfair. The coun
cil set forth Its attitude as follows:
FAVOR FREE PRESS.
TVe do not undertake to ear that the state
menu ccaiplalned of, as pu6ll»aed by Editor
necilns. are Justified or otherwise; we are
not in a position to know, but whatever the
expressions may have been, the untrammeled
fiwdom ef th« press is so important to the
well being, not only of organized labor, but
to human, civilised life th»t no conceivable
circumstance can arise that can warrant
trade unionists, in their orsanlted capacity,
'c place aipubUcatlon upon a "boycott" list for
the expression of opinion.
President Gomper» has communicated to the
New Orleacs central body to* this effect, but
the central body has neither rectified the wrong
nor complied with its f repeated promises to
I answer the complaint made. In view of these,
facts we recommend that unlesa the New Or
leans central body remove* from it* unfair list
the United Labor Journal within thirty day*
after .-the clo** of this convention, and *o no
tlSe* the president of the American Federa
tlcn of Labor, the charter of *ald central body
ehall be withdrawn.
¦ A conference was arranged between
the Brotherhood of Painters, Deco
rators and Paperhangers of America
and the International Association of
Amalgamated Sheet Metal Workers to
agree as to who should do the glazing
work on roofs, skylight* and sashes.
The Amalgamated Association of
Street and Electric Railway Em
ployes of America surrendered to the
International Brotherhood of Elec
trical Workers of America Jurisdiction
over men who do electrical work In
connection with the operation of street
railways.
A conference has been arranged to
take place next January of the Na
tional Union of Shipwrights, Joiners
.:nd Calkers of America to""consider
differences. ,
A long account of the controversy
between the Brewery Workers, the
Engineers and the Firemen was given
by the council. The Intensity of the
contention among them did not lessen
any in a year, "notwithstanding the
action and decisions of the conven
tions of the American Federation of
Lobor and despite every effort made
by us to bring about a better state of
affairs."
THE BREWERY WORKERS.
The substance of the recommenda
tions of the council in this matter Is
as follows:
1. That the Indorsement of all firm* d>
rlared unfair by the Brewery Workers which
have been approved by the American Federa
tion of Ltbor be v/ithiirawn.
2. That no application for tho Indorsement of
the Brewery Workers to regard any firm as un
fair shall be entertained, received or Indorsed.
3. That the Indorsement of the American
Federation of Labor ef the label of the Inter
national Union of United Brewery Worker* be
and the same 1* hereby withdrawn.
And that these several actions stand as the
deeUion'of the American Federation of I^abor
until such time as the Brewery Worker* or
ganization cornea to an agreement with the In
ternational Union of Steam Engineers and .the
International Brotherhood of Stationary Fire
men, cr complies with the decision cf the
American Federation of Labor.
President Gompers suggested a con
ference between the Amalgamated
Woodworkers' International Union
and the United Brotherhood of Car
penters and Joiners. Some corre
spondence was exchanged. The hold-
Ing of a conference to settle differ
ences was also urged by the council.
Much epace was devoted to a report
by the council relative to the happen
ings connected with the miners in Col
orado and letters written by William
D. Haywood were read. The federa
tion Invited the Western Federation,
of Miners to affiliate, but affiliation
has not been effected. Hayward wrote
to Gompers on October 22. 1904, that
"we have, up to the present time,
been unable to get Governor Peabody
or his military henchmen into the
Federal courts." The council de
nounced the actions of officials in Col
orado. A paragraph about Colorado
that the council included In Its report
is as follows:
It Is perhaps euperfluous for us to say how
•hocking was the constant recurring news of
events as they developed In Colorado. In com
mon with all our people, we were chap-lned
and felt a erase of outrage at the course pur
eued by the public authorities of that State.
had ample opportunity of making an ln
vert-sauon while in Colorado, and found the
charges and complaints against Governor Pea
bo<iy and the Citizens' Alliance and their co
horts fully sustained.
JX SAX FRAXCISCO.
Concerning the Sa n Francisco cen
tral body the council reported as fol
lows :
It is regrettable that a:i the trade union-
Continued From Pag© 3, Oolninn 7.
An excursion of the delegates to
Vallejo will take place next Wednes
day, the 23d inst. The steamer H. J.
Corcoran will leave this city at 9 a. m.
At Vallejo a reception has been ar
ranged which includes a procession
from the boat to the Vallejo pavilion.
A luncheon will b« prepared by the
Vallejo ladies. Speeches will be made
by the Mayor of Vallejo, President J.
B. Dale of the Labor Council, President
Frank Devlin of the Vallejo Chamber
of Commerce, Samuel Gompers, James
O'Connell and other members of the
federation convention. The visitors
will be taken to Mare Island after the
luncheon and will view the. Government
plant. The party will return to San
Francisco in the evening on the Cor
coran.
Last evening Richard Cornelius pre
sided at a reception given by the Car
men's Union. President Mahon and
Secretary Orr of the International or
ganization. Henry Fisher of the Tobac
co Workers' Union and T. L. Lewis of
the Mine Workers made speeches.
Electrical Workers' Union No. 161 was
visited by Henry Sherman, grand sec
retary, of Washington, D. C, M. J.
Sullivan, grand vice president, and
Charles Burns of Detroit, with a full
representation .of the delegates who are
here to attend the convention of the
Pacjflc Coast Electrical Workers, which
holds its annual convention at the
same tjm«_ as the American, Federation,
of Labor, tr,
Sheet Metal Workers* Union No. 279
was visited by Daniel. B. Heron, busi
ness representative of the Amalgamated
Sheet Metal Workers' organization, and
P. J. Downey, treasurer, of Albany,
Nj y.
The District Council of Retail Clerks,
composed of the Shoe Clerks* Local 410,-
Retail Clerks' Local" 432, Drug Clerks
472, Grocery Clerks' Local 64S and the
Salesladies' and Milliners' Local 616,
will tender to the international officers
and delegates of the American Federa
tion of Labor a reception and dance
this evening at Golden Gate Hall. The
guests of honor will be President John
R. O'Brien, Buffalo, N. Y; Secretary-.
Treasurer Max Morris, Denver, and
Hermann Rfrbinson, New York. ~>'i
A reception waa tendered the inter
national officers and delegates of the
Stationary Firemen's Union last night
by the members of Local 86. The meet
ing was opened by David Mawson.
president of the local union, and brief
addresses were made by both members
of the local and by visiting delegates.
The affair was Informal. Among the
speakers were C. L. Shamp of Omaha,
Nebr.. international secretary-treas
urer; Timothy Healey of New York, in
ternational president; J. B. Conroy of
St. Louis, first vice president; J. W.
Morton and T. Westoby. The commit
tee in charge consisted of J. Smith, T.
Carmody and J. Mawson. The speak
ers were Introduced by D. Ellison. A
pleasant feature of the evening was the
solo by Phoebe Dunn- and fancy dan
cing by Meda Thornton.
The retail clerks will give a recep
tion at Golden Gate Hall and the
Barbers' Union will give its represent
ative delegates a smoker at Shiels
Hall. S2 O'Farrell street.
The convention will ba In session
at 9 o'clock this morning-. At 1:80
the delegates will be guests of local
organizations on a trolley ride over
the city. It is possible, however, that
this will not Interfere with the regu
lar afternoon session. In -the evening
the Brotherhood of Painters will give
a. smoker to their representative del
egates at Pioneer Hall.
SEEING THE SIGHTS..
A strong appeal was made by the
council for funds and It was report
ed "that the failure of the unions to
require the contribution of higher
dues and the consequent absence of
any fund is the cause of strikes and
lockouts that could and would be
A-erted."
Hope was expressed by the council
that - the Structural Building Trades
Alliance will "bo conform Its work as
to co-operate with rather than deviate
from the make-up and purposes of
the American Federation of Labor."
A recommendation was mads for tho
appointment of a committee by the
convention to consider the subject of
uniformity in by-la wa of central
bodies. A long list of business houses
in the United States was reported aa
"unfair."
i«U of .UUt city tr* not attached to the San
Francisco Labor Council. Conference was held
eonw ti&e last year (or the purpose of form
ing all union* Into another central ' body and
charter applied for. However the San Fran
cisco Labor Council did not believe that the
move waa In the interest of tho labor move
ment cf the city or of th* labor movement in
reoeral. and declined to carry oat the agree
ment, and protested against the issuance of
such a charter. We have advised that a con
ference be held between the representative* of
both parties during; this convention, in which
we ehall be glad to participate, either in whole
or by representatives, for the purpose of de
termining: what course Is best to pursue In the
premise*.
WEBER BOY
NOT AWED
BY COURT
l/L/iV V Ely I IKJiy t^LJ 1 o
IN BUSY DAY AND
COMMITTEES WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 16.^1904.
Overland Train Jumps Track.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 16. — The
westbound overland passenger train,
known as No. 3, which left here at
8:40 o'clock this morning for San
Francisco, by way of Stockton, was
derailed a short, time after leaving
Brighton, a few miles out of this city.
The locomotive, baggage and mail
cars left the track. No one was hurt.
The remaining cars of the train were
brought back to Sacramento and sent
to San Francisco by -the Benicia
route.
FRESNO. Nov. 15.— Because Rev. A.
W. Hare, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church of this city, said that he
had been informed that $3000 had been
used to colonize the Fifth Supervisor
ial District and purchase Democratic
votes to defeat Judge C P. Walton and
elect W. D. Mitchell to the Board of
Supervisors, the reverend minister was
called to task on the street this morn
ing by Mitchell and a struggle ensued
In which Hare sustained three- broken
ribs.
The fight in the Fifth District for
Supervisor was a warm one. Mitchell
was running on the Republican ticket
and was opposed by Judge C. P. Wal
ton, a Democratic candidate Indorsed
by the Prohibitionists and th* majority
rule factions. The church federation,
composed of the members of the Min
isterial Union, stumped the county for
Walton. Hare. made a somewhat per
sonal campaign against Mitchelf. This,
with his statement last night that cor
rupt methods had been used In Mitch
ell's fight, angered the successful can
didate.
The minister and Mitchell met in
front of the Grand Central Hotel this
morning and Mitchell, when approach
ed by Hare, said: "Our political differ
ences are settled, but not our personal
ones, ' The divine was expecting trou
ble and squared oft for the fray. Mitch
ell struck him a blow in the ribs, fell
ing him to the sldewcflk and then kick
ed him, breaking three of his ribs on
the left side. Just below the heart.
Mitchell was placed under arrest and
released on his own recognizance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BREAKS RIBS
OF A MINISTER
TONOPAH. Nov. .15. — The badly
decomposed body of a man- were
found in the tunnel of the Xorth Star
mine to>day. He was evidently mur
dered, the skull being fractured.
Judging by the condition of the body
the crime occurred about six months
ago.
About the waist of the corpse was
a money belt, -which had been, cut
open in two places. The mark of a
Seattle clothlngr store In the hat found
near the body is the only thing by
which identification is made possible.
Remains of Murdered Man Found In
Tunnel of the North Star
ailne.
SIX MONTHS' OLD CRI3IE
REVEALED IX TOXOPAH
4
FREE FREE FREE
'WITH .
SUNDAY CALL>
SMALL ADS. '
A Ten-Pound Sack of .
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
;• Flour on. the Market.'
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From -
"FIELD TO FAMILY.'*
Free With Every Small Ad in
. ' Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page, for Further
Particulars. '
'¦*> "^ ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Don't take drugs to cure germ troubles, for
drugs never kill germs. Liquozone alone
can do that, and the first bottle is free.
Germ diseases are caused by germ $ioop for a? disease germ that it can^ ggroff-Driw . g^ h T £™*£- '
attacks, or by poisons which germs not kill. The reason is that germs are Eczema— Ery«tpeia« Tpbercuioaia
create. And they cannot be cured un- vegetables; and Liquozone — like an S e Jl er 23Sf" stonej Tumors— uicera
til the germs are killed. Medicine is excess of oxygen— is deadly to vege- O onorrhea_Gie«t woS !*Dis««*e.
not~ for these troubles, because medi- tal matter. c. ah diseases that bwia with r»w— *u in-
cine cannot kill inside germs. Every There lies the great value of Liquo- tS^jTS^gf^li^'ff^'i
physician knows this. zone. It is the only way known to wood. rapurt or p 01 *""*
Liquozone alone can end the cause kill germs in the body without killing f» nervous a*bmty Uquozone acts as a n.
of a germ trouble. It docs all that is the tissues, too. Any drug that kills UUatr - •<*omDij»*>in« what no dru«, caa do.
necessary — all that can be done. Dis- germs is a poison, and it cannot be 50C Bottle F^Pf***
eases which have resisted medicine taken internally. Medicine is almost . L w *\' cc
for years yield at once to Liquozone. helpless in any; germ disease. It is if you nee< j Liquozone and bvo
And it cures diseases which medicine this ¦ fact ' that gives Liquozone its neV er tried it, please send us thl
never cures. Don't cling to the old worth to humanity. And that worth coupon. We will then mail vn«
ways blindly. The germ cause of dis- is so great that, aftei testing the prod- order on a local druirjnst for a f m
ease is a newly discovered fact, and uct for two years, through physicians , size bottle, and we wUl oav the rfr
it calls for new treatment. Let us and hospitals, we paid ?ioo,ooo for the gist ourselves for it This is ou f "
show you, at our expense, what Liquo- American rights. gift, made to convince you- to sh °
zone can do. t Lg GeriTI Diseases. J™ Ljquozone is, and what it
MMiMBi mmmM
mm^M mmm
«?71 S'f ? ili if .2" and forever. That is inevitable. Mr «„.„ „
stant subject of scientific and chem- Althma H rever-maa.^* iAHS B ?T2. tri *li u » noi « ; • &t"«V£
ical research. >; Absc«»-An»«nla Kidney Diseases T?y}. «• » Me bottl* fr** l »iu
The result is a liquid that does what If 0 "^ 1 " i^ arrpp«
oxygen does. It is a nerve food and Bright-* Disease liv.TtiSwm V — ~ ?— ...........
blood food— the most helpful thing Jn Bowel Troubles Malaria— Neuralgia
?Iip wnrW'tn wnii Ttc >fT»/-tc or* m-r CouKha — Colds Many Heart Troubles • •••••..;....
the world to yOU. Its ettectS are CX- consumption Files— Pneumonia
hllarating, -vitalizing, purifying. „ Yet Colic— Crow Pleurisy— Quinsy KM*" HH"a';y;;,y,'""'"«v
it is a vermicide so certain that we ConatipaUon Rheumatism » °'* a wv * "" »<Mrw»— wrtt» plainly.
ur w g i?**i a t Catarrh— Qancer Scrofula— SyphUU An» nhvioi. v ' '
publish on every bottle an offer of Dysentery— Diarrhea Skin DUeaats UewzaZ? iiii \- °', i, 08 * 11 * 1 «*»-T«t turn*
: ¦' t . —.<*««*«"• wui m gladly supplUd tor a tasu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PCTTIXG IT STRONG.
But Doesn't It Ixxik Reasonable?
This may read as though we were
putting it a little strong, because it is
generally thought by the majority of
people that Dyspepsia in its chronic
form is incurable or practically so.
But we have long since shown that
Dyspepsia is curable, nor is it such a
difficult matter as at first appears
The trouble with Dyspeptics - is that
they are continually dieting, starving
themselves, or goir\g to opposite ex-
treme, or else deluging the already
overburdened stomach with "bitters"
•after-dinner pills." etc., which inva-
riably increase the difficulty even if
In some cases they do give a slight
temporary relief. Such treatment of
th* stomach simply makes matters
worse. What the stomach wants is
a rest. Now. how can the stomach
become rested, recuperated and at the
yftme time the body nourished and
sustained ?
This is the e.-eat secret and this is
itlso the secret of the uniform success
«;! Stuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets. This
is a comparatively n#w remedy but
:!P success and popularity leave no
<1oubt as to its mejiu
The Tablets will digest the food
any way, regardless of condition of
stomach.
The sufferer from Dyspepsia, ac-
cording to directions, is to oat an
abundance of good, wholeso/ne food
and uce the tablets before and after
each meal, and the result will be that
the food Trill be digested; no matter
how bad your Dyspepsia may be be-
cause, a* before stated, the tablets
will digest the food even If the stom-
«ch is wholly Inactive.., To Illustrate
Qvr meaning plainly, if you take 1800
eraJns of meat eggs or ordinary
food and place it in. a temperature of
9S degrees, and put with it one of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, it will di-
gest the meat or eggs almost as per-
fectly as if the meat was Inclosed
within the stomach.
The stomach may be ever so weak
yet these tablets will perform the
work of digestion and the body and
brain will be properly nourished, and
at the same time a radical, lasting
cure of Dyspepsia will be made, be-
cause the much abused stomach will
be given, to some extent, a much
needed rest. Your druggist will tell
you that of all the \ many remedies
advertised to cure Dyspepsia none of
them have given so complete and gen^"
eral satisfaction as^ Stuarfs Dyspep-
sia Tablets, and - not least in impor-
tance to these hard times is the fact
that they are also the, cheapest and
Rive the most good for the least
money.
. _ ¦ . . f \ ,^- ~- -¦..'¦_::' ; advertisements. -_ • _ --' ¦
Sljis^M? M OVA L SAL E\^ff""
tS!SBSSIBS3SllBBSBBtKt tfSOl idr vis^ Brjs JsE9 KtsB jksj Bfjaj e£Ji v.-n jjl' ,4* \vSsSt 1 1 1 *Jr\so3^
I ""teKsr 1 *- ; Superb Carpets at Prices !Ma«. * 34 - 00 1
H This is the most superb Axminster " 12x9 AXimilSter, <r-OO CTf) fl
1 "V^f— »n exquisite weave. <T | 75 - - . -« • J20. Removal Bale Prico S> 6 "» JW 1]
¦ $2.50. Removal Sale Prico . H> •••••* A U* «%. A ««* #% 1^ *¦% A 1% « «* 0%. \~ rx r» j n f I
il Bigelow Axmlnsters. that, make tillS & $25
I H A most excellent carpeting in a large - ,?>»;- &-s^._ _ ¦•,-- \OvQ T^maeHnf Rmicaoic N
i variety of newest patterns. Cl TfC U/T^-^ :- ri AA S M «i * 12X9 TapeStTV . OrUSS81S, H
52.00. Removal Sale Price 3>1.^ jR^OItl6HtOUS V^1OS1I1£ ' I 125. Earnova/ Sala Prlca J | Q^Q ||
H^ O^Si d stSl ddleSeX — X" 55 . QxfRoxbi^Brissels, fl
Many, novel designs and original bor- IIIMVAt* ? It ft 1 ? X7 ' IW * Removma 8al * prlc * $10.50 U
Sft -?:."-! $1.25 UppOrmnity. i2x9 kas'^r Rng? $11 00 |
An *£g£t '^SfiSftSt* and Our determination to sell our Carpet stock before lea^
®ra3SU^ffi£-$1.10 I ing this affords a Carpet buying opportunity that I IH c_' -^- I
Saxony Axminsters. « positively withouta parallel. It is the sort of a chance | JS^SSSTkSSL^iS^ \\
t^V^^SSTiS^SS^^i ( that people who would cover their floors beautifully and S^xBiSf^r^feSS^r;
Vr*?:.^™?:*}. 6^*?^ $1.00 economically are waiting for. All the standard makes &ia^ 8l oTihe?a!* Qtl " " M *" '** §
Eg Bigelow and Lowell. are represented in our comprehensive display. The 30% reduction. jl
I Astrong^^eTrScilg-everyde- range of designs and combination of colors are un- I Hn^Ienms fl
I Re r movai o s o aie s pri?e e> n^' $1-35 equaled. As for prices-they are of a nature that no InlQlfl Linoienms.
. a Removal Sale Price f -i r In Imitation Hard Wood Patterns.
I Whittall and^Leicestershire thrifty home furnisher can resist. Ifift^iJSffSi. Price.. <r, 6O
0 Body Brussels. There are purchasing inducements of a sensational char- 5> * «Ov
a This extremely serviceable weave in , . "7 .• t1 .. , $1.85 — Removal Sals Price.. Cl
\\ beautiful patterns and designs. $1.50. acter in every department. Our collections of * f *T »
1 Removal Sale Price $1.25 WK • ' *K ' H.BO— Removal Sale Pric«..<£| £$
I Roxb'ui^ 'i'stinson Fumitlire, CarpetS "Prated Linoienms. |
fl Tapestry Brussels. ~ Pun line in an rr*de«. \\
H This Is a most popular carpeting and «- • «»* mm «k $1.00 — Removal Bale Price A^r*
I RYrnovi^a^P^e 20 ;,..^: $1.00 Draperies and Wall Papers s^Removaiski^Pric;:::::: f qI
1 Sanford and Smith Tapestry r T^iiRVmovai'skiiPT'ice:::::: 55 C
H Brussels. ' are rich with money-saving chances. The time to buy '"i; " — *i*iV ¦•*^ s "*"t""
1 i I ngr^.i%"Re£vJ"SS B PriS90c j « while we are here. In a few weeks we move to 34 to Carpet ond UnOlemn
M — • 52 Ellis St., near Market, with an entirely new stock. Remnants.
] 8^ -Wire TapeStry tmrw J- mMm .±^i. t u, mxMLUi *r V ,*., vll^*i->- l ..,*,uuL u .u.^.**^^ , L . i — , mBUgr^w Bring us th« measur* or your
ii CarDGtS |f* Mln "^"^^ _lT_-ii.~ ¦»* PI ¦?**» room "^^ we'll show you aston- t
B Has always been a strong seller H rj •fI'^^* cl H cf H Th*r« i« a. hie ««*r>rtTn»nt n* i
| at 85c. and unheard of bargain | | _ ILj -^^ gM /3ft MR «* |S> £* gg iffl I "S be£ JnKfi in eft^floor f
B Price ....^?™ !^...f !?65c i 11 |i HI H H^ !J B i &\ H lf?£ B " R covering— 20 yards and under, tj
B 64&65tA MARKET ST. keX&my IThe fellow who doesn't like veal has
no business - to ¦ play- the • prodigal 'son.
It's a sure sign that a man is grow
ing: old -when he begins to tell you he
feels as young as he ever did. BBS
There Is nothing new In leather goods
that you cannot find In our store —
trunks, dress «ult cases, valises, wrist
bags and pocketbooks for ' fall trade —
all new designs now in and lettered In
gold free of charge. Sanborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
Leather Goods for Fall Trade.
The man who is willing to go to
heaven alone may find he Is going the
other way.
SECRETARY GETS JtrDGiTEXT.— Justice
of th« P*ac« L&irson yestanlay gave Judgment
for JSJO In favor of Miss K. 1L Rooney. who
«ued the "Western Correspondence Institute for
services rendered. The president of tS« con
cern Is T. Dunham, who was shot by T. Vf.
Caste<*l. the latter afterrrard committing «u*
cide.
Representative Dalzell, after stating
that protection was one of the prin
cipal issues In the last campaign and
that he had voted for it, said:
. "It Is hard to discuss the matter at
this time, since it will be Impossible
to revise the tariff for more than a
year." MSHHBBB
Representative' #Dalzell, ; the "high
priest" leader in the House, is already
concerned at the White House indi
cations of .in attempt at tariff reform,
and, although he goes no further than
tc say that th?re is no need" for a
change at present, 'It is believed he
will be found lighting any change in
the next two Congresses. He is op
posed to a tariff commission and any
extra session for tariff revision. Rep
resentative HeDburn, one of the ultra
protectionists, of Iowa, talks in a
similar vein. Both insist that the tariff
was an ispue in the recent campaign
and that the people spoke very em
phatically apainst any change.
The situation is not unlike that
which developed at the beginning of
the struggle for Cuban reciprocity
three years ago. President Roosevelt
found himself opposed by every high
tariff man in Senate and House. The
entire House leadership of the Fifty
5ixth Congress came here to fight the
Executive's proposition for reciprocity
with Cuba. One after another they
were won over by the President, but
th< bill died in the Senate. Mr. Roose
velt won his point, however.
The coming struggle, under the
changed conditions which the Presi
dent's tremendous victory has brought
about, is likely to be one of the inter
esting phases of the new administra
tion.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON*.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— President
Roosevelt is not likely to bring about
a change in present tariff schedules
within the next two years without a
struggle. Even now it looks very much
like a tariff %var within the Republican
lines, with the President on one sidy
and the 'high priests" of high protec
tion on the other.
Ppeclal Dlspatr h to Tho Call.
Postmaster General Payne presented
the matter to the President, who gave
orders that Brownlow should be dis
missed from the service. Prior to
Payne's death no action was taken on
the case, and it became an inheritance
of Postmaster General Wynne. When
Wynne took up the subject he induced
the President to consent to allow
Brownlow to continue In the service,
provided he should withdraw his offen
sive statements to the Postmaster Gen
eral. Brownlow's accounts had been
found to be correct and Wynne told
him no reflection had been made on his
Integrity. Despite this assurance, how
ever, Brpwnlow. in a letter to Postmas
ter General Wynne, refused to with
draw the statement he previously
made. An order for his' dismissal was
signed to-day.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— John L.
Brown low of Tennessee, a clerk in the
Postofnce * Department . who. aoted-as
disbursing officer of the department at
the St. Louis Exposition, was dismissed
from the service to-day by order of the
President. Brownlow was charged with
Impertinence and Insubordination and.
as he declined to withdraw his offen
sive language, his dismissal followed.
While Postmaster General Payne was
alive, he wrote Brownlow directing that
he -end to the department a statement
of his receipts and disbursements. In
response Brownlow forwarded the ag
gregate sums of his receipts and dis
bursements. The Postmaster General
then ordered him to submit to the de
partment an itemized sAtement of the
money he had handled. This Brownlow
declined to do, accompanying his re
fusal with statements . to the Postmas
ter General which were considered of
fensive. He evidently felt that the de
mand of Payne was a reflection upon
his honor.
Postoffice Clerk Dismissed
for Using Objectionable
Language to His Chief
High Protectionists Would
Oppose President - if He
Sought to Make Change
LEADERS DIFFER
ON THE TARIFF
DROPPED FROM
FEDERAL POST
MANILA. Nov. 13.— Later 'details re
ceived concerning: the recent ambush-
Ing of the Thirty-eighth Comnany oZ
scouts on the ea3t coast of the Island
of Samar show that the native out
laws planned and carried out a raid on
the town of Oras In the vicinity. Dur
ing the engagement, which followed the
attack, fifteen were killed. Seven of
the townspeople were lost while making
their escape in a launch which found
ered. The scouts later'retaliated and
killed fifty of the outlaws.
The Sultan of the island of Maran
thc powerful Datto of the Lanao Dis
trict, has surrendered. Marantao has
been the rendezvous of all the re
bellious Moros in the neighborhood of
Camp Marahul. In a raid which they
made upon the troops last August they
were repulsed with a loss of thre«
hundred killed.
Retaliate Upon the Bandits
of Samar, TVho Had Killed
Fifteen Persons in a City
SCOOTS PUNISH
THE OUTLAWS
Professor Alexander G. McAdle of
the San Francisco Weather Bureau.
M. E.. Phillips .of the University of
Texas, Professor William L. Bray of
the University of Texas and others de
livered addresses at the night session.
Resolutions, credentials and perma
nent " organization committees were
then appointed.
When the California delegation ar
rived they Intended to fight Portland
and Denver for the 1905 meeting, but
they decided to-day to work for Los
Angeles for 1906 and help Portland this
year. Denver also withdrew from the
fight for next year's meeting.
Oklahoma secured approval'to-day of
the geological survey for its great
mountain park project to- reclaim two
and a quarter million acres.
• The Mexican delegates resolved to
day to ask the congress to give them
official recognition and an effort will
likely be made to make the congress
international. •' .. -
mit, but they are absolutely the only enea
which deprive me of that great satisfaction
and I must content myself with b«ir.g with
you, though absent from your meeting.
I extend sincer* wishes that the most com
plete success may crown the Intelligent asd
patriotic work of the Illustrious congress over
which- you preside, and which will undoubt
edly Influence powerfully • the solution of the
many problems relating to Irrigation and the
forest . industry. The Gorernment thus un
derstanding It. the Department of Foments
and some of the governments cf the States of
this republic will be duly represented in that
assembly by their respective delegations. I
am very truly your*. PORFIRIO DIAZ.
Gifford Pinchot was followed by E.
Benjamin Andrews, chancellor of the
University of Nebraska, and H. E.
Williams, Assistant Chief of the United
States Weather Bureau; William E
Smythe'of San Diego, Cal.. and F. W.
Newell. Chief of the United States Re
clamation Bureau.
General Diaz's letter was as follows:
Hon. William Andrew ' Clark. .President
Twelfth Irrigation Congress— Dear Sir: I have
received the. courteous and esteemed invitation
which you were kind enough to extend to ¦ roe
for the . Interesting meeting of the National
Irrigation Congress, which wilt be held from
the 15th .'-to the . ISth of next November In
th* progressive city . of El Pases Tex. As
much for the importance | of the transcendant
matters ' which - will* there ' be treated of as to
reciprocate the kind consideration with which
you i favor • me, I would take ' sincere pleasure
In attending if my official duties would per-
This afternoon President Clark deliv
ered his annual address. Letters were
read from President Roosevelt and
President Diaz, and Vice President
Corral of Mexico, also letters from all
the members of President Roosevelt's
Cabinet. There were two letters from
President Roosevelt. One said in part:
"The best use of the public land is
that made by the man who has come
to stay. You should make yourselves
the guardians of the future and pre
vent the waste of the great national
resources of the country."
He said irrigation and all other in
terests of the country were Interlaced,
as irrigation would make the , "West
prosper,' and if the "West prospered it
would cause other sections to prosper
as a result. The' other letter said:
, "I wish it were possible for me to ac
cept your kind invitation to attend the
National Irrigation Congress to be held
at El Paso. I need not state to you the
deep interest I have in the cause of na
tional irrigation. Irrigation Is in very
fact one of. the means. for national ex
pansion which is most important.
"Wishing you a very successful meet
ing, I am yours truly.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
WORD FROM ROOSEVELT.
valuation of property has Increased tenfold
since 1S70 and the population eightfold. This
1« a typical example of what irrigation has
dow for portions of California and marks the
possibilities ahead of other communities In our
State.
Fresno Is by no means the most spectacular
example, however. South of Tehachapi a
great civilization has been built up—prosper
ous and cultured, sprung - from the desert-
That beautiful land is one of the show places
of America and the one classic example of
the marvels of irrigation. From this southern
country there were shipped in 1903 over 27.000
carloads of citrus fruits alone. 141 carloads of
wine and brandy and over C000 carloads of
green vegetables. Outside of San Francisco
the bank clearances of Los Angeles exceeded
those of any other city west of the Rocky
Mountains. Here the fullest possibilities of
scientific irrigation have been reached.
What stupendous things may .be expected
when the whole State has" measured up to Its
possibilities in the same way! What would
happen to the territory now embraced In
Glenn and Colusa counties were It developed as
Fresno County or Southern California has been
developed? These counties <once the single
county of Colusa) have over B0O.O<X> acres Im
proved -almost as many acres as has Fresno
County, and the land Is at least as rich as
that of Fresno County. If, Instead of only
40CO acres under Irrigation, these counties had
30C.OCO acre* under irrigation, as In Fresno
County we should expect to see the value of
their products reach $10,CO0,0C0 Instead of the
$5,C00,COO now produced and to see their popu
lation more than three times what It is at
present.
If. instead of measuring the possible pro
gress of thsse two counties by what has been
done In Fresno County, we should take as
the possible llmit^the region about Riverside,
where 10,000 people live upon i:t.O*X> irrigated
acres, we should have over 200,000 people
thriving upon the fertile soil of these two
Sacramento Valley counties.
If Ihe twelve million acres lying In and ad
jacent to the Sacramento and San Joaquin
valleys' which are capable of irrigation had
water upon them we could reasonably expect
a population of six to eight millions instead
of the threa hundred thousand we now have.
We could look for yearly farm products worth
over four hundred millions Instead of the fifty
millions now produced.
At least one-thinl of California's one hun
dred millions of acres can be irrigated. And.
with her snowless winters and her genial sum
mers, these thirty millions of Irrigable acres
ought to have, and will have In the years to
come., a population of at least twenty-five mil.
lions of happy, contented and prosperous
people.
1SC1 as first lieutenant in the Sixth
Minnesota Cavalry. He was then IS
years of age. He was B^ven a com
mission In 1S66 as major in the Ninth
United States Cavalry. He was head
of the Cuban Evacuation Commission
and in January, 1S93, became Military
Governor of Cuba. He succeeded Ma
jor General Davis as commander of the
Department of the Philippines, where
his administration has been eminently
satisfactory.
Nurse McGee, who returned on the
Thomaf, ¦went to Japan in October of
last year with eight sister nurses.
They were griven a royal welcome in
Japan and were assigned to the great
hospital at Hiroshima. Dr. McGee was
appointed to the highest grade in the
Japanese Red Cross, with. the rank of
a military officer. She visited the hos
pital ships and was the only woman
of the Red Cross to set foot In Man
churia.
Dr. McGee is a daughter of Profes
sor Simon Newcomb and her husband
is in charge of the anthropological ex
hibit at St. Louis.
Among the passengers on the
Thcmas were:
J. F. Wade, major general, United States
army: W. A. Mann, najcr, rener'al staff.
United States army: Mrs. W. A. Mann, J. E.
Maxfleld. major Signal Corps. United States
army; llrs. J. E. Maxfield and child; J.
P. Wad*, captain. Second Cavalry; F. W.
Cole, captain, quartermaster's department;;
Douglas MacArthur. first lieutenant. Corps of
Knsineers: U. S. Grant III, first lieutenant.
Corps cf Engineers: W. H. Rose, second lieu
tenant. Corps of Engineers: Ferdinand "Wil
liams, second lieutenant. Corps of Engineers;
R. C. Moore, second lieutenant, Ccrps of En
rirpers; J. T. Sayles, first lieutenant. Eighth
Cavalry: Mrs. J. T. Sayles and child; A.
J. Gr*er, first lieutenant. Twenty-eighth infan
try; Mrs. A. J. Greer. F. L. Case, first lieu
tenant. Twelfth Cavalry; F. P. Holcomb. first
lieutenant. Fourteenth Cavalry: Mrs. F. P.
Holccmb, two children; N. D. Andersen, first
lieutenant. Twenty-eighth Infantry; W. R.
Pnpo. second lieutenant, Seccr.d Cavalry: Mrs.
W. R. Pcpe: C. R. Street, second lieutenant,
Eighteenth Infantry; C. H. Fulton, second
lieutenant, Philippine Scouts; R. T. Oltrer,
superintendent dental surgeon. United States
army; B. R. Woog. first lieutenant. United
States Marine Ccrps: C. Campbell, first lieu
tenant. United States Marine Corps; Mrs E
TV. Clark, wifs of captain. Eighteenth Infan
try; Mrs. J. L. Hine*. wife of captain. Twen
ty-third Infantry; Mrs. "VV. \V. McCammon
Mrs. H. G. Trout, Miss Trout. Mrs. T. H
Turner, Mrs. Sommer* Miss Sulnon; F. Le J.
Parker, captain. Twelfth Cavalry; M. C. Tyler,
first lieutenant. Engineer Ccrps; J. L. Schley,
first lieutenant. Engineer Corps: C. F. Long
consulting dental surgeon. United States army
Mr?. T. C. Leboand. Mrs. G. McD Weeks
Miss L. L. Wallace: D. H. Mahan. commander-
United States navy; Mrs. Mahan. Miss Ma
han. Mrs. Rittenhouse. Mrs. H. T. Porter
Master Porter. J. C. Pond, Dr. A. N McGee
Miss E. B. King, Miss Adele Xceb, M!ss E r!
Kratz. Miss G. Russell. Miss A. Mackereth*
Miss S. E. Xewell, Miss M. E. Cooks
DISTINGUISHED ARMY OFFICER WHO RETURNED ON* THE THOMAS FROM
THE PHILIPPINES. WHERE HE WAS CHIEF OF THE MILITARY ESTAB
LISHMENT UNTIL RELIEVED BY MAJOR GENERAL H. C. CORBIN.
Let us set how this advance in material
propperity coincided with an advance In the
use of irrigation. As might be expected.
Southern California leads. In the percentage of
improved acreage under Irrigation, with the
San Joaquin Valley a clcse second and the
Sacramento Valley a poor third. The number
of Irrigators routh of Tehachapi In 1000 'was
10,254. with 603t for the San Joaqttln Valley
and only 2799 for th» Sacramento -Valley.
What a future for the great Sacramento Val
ley, when her Irrigation possibilities are real
ized; when, instead of less than 5 per cent of
her Improved acreage under Irrigation, she
has nearly 25 per cent, aa In Southern Cali
fornia; .when her' fertile farms will bring In
a profit of over $20 per. acre and the average
farm la reduced from a square mile io tho
fifty-six acres which prevailed In 10CO in the
irrigated districts of thhi State. It is easy to
see that hundreds of thousands would be added
to her population and millions "to her wealth.
Th« communities In California .'that, have
taken ' up Irrigation have become prosperous
beyond all ordinary bounds. The communities
that have neglected their opportunities for
Irrigation have missed a golden harvest. Take
the county of Fresno. In the - middle of th«
San Joaquin Valley, « ofcee > practically, an arid
plain. Thirty, years ago the total area onder
cultivation was 21,536 acres- and the- total
value of farm products $299,163. < .The s same
territory.': which now includes lladera as well
as Fresno County. In 1900 had under Irriga
tion ¦ alone . over .100,000 acres, and • the tatal
value of farm products was nSarly $l0,r,00.0no.
Fresno County ¦ I* ¦ the largest', rat*in-shlpplnsr
center " In i the United States. : sending .. out Jn
1903 over CCO carloads of raisins and over 1000
carloads of fruits of all kinds.' '-The 'assessed
IRRIGATION AND GROWTH.
California stands first among the States -of
the Union In irrigation development. In all
points denoting; progress In irrigation she l«»d»,
with the single exception of the number of
acres irrigated, in which she is slightly be
hind Colorado. She has SOCO more irrlgators,
however, than Colorado and the value of h-?r
irricattd crops exceeds Colorado's by. $17,000.
(JX» While the average value of Irrigated
land in the United States is $42 53 per arre. In
California it Is $M> 19. The average value per
acre of irrigated crop3 for th% arid States is
$U 81. In California it Is $2S 47.
And California has just begun. Her Irri
gated acres number about one and one-half
millions of her one hundred millions of total
acreage and the products therefrom are valued
at $!2,00O.CC0. It Is estimated that In the
great valley drained by the Sacramento and
San Joaquin rivers and adjacent thereto, to
say nothing of tho entire southern one-fourth
of the State and many other portions thereof,
there are twelve mtllion acres capable o; Ir
rigation. So there is room yet for progress.
Some portions of California are more alive to
the value of Irrigation than others. South of
Tehachapi. In Southern California, Jm^at'-xi
is prized as the very life-blood of the country.
To the north, the San Joaquin Valley Is cum
ins to depend more and more on irrigation
as the only snjre producer of crops. In the
Sacramento Valley the old regime still holds
sway although the awakening is near at hand.
This lesson Is having Its results, viz: that
those sections of California where irrigation is
most used have had the greatest growth In
wealth and population, and are receiving more
bountifully the good things of life.
In Its natural resources of Siil. climate and
water supply the Sacramento Valley is one of
the most favored places In the United States.
What has been its growth in wealth and popu
lation as compared with the slightly less fa-«.
vored' San Joaquin and "with arid Southern
California? In 1*70 the Sacramento Valley had
a pcpul3tion of 101.003,' Its real property valu
ation was $23,313,380, and the value of- its
farm products was over ?16,fi0O,00O. The San
Joaquin Valley had a population Of 45,150. a
real property valuation of S13.736.S22. and the
value of Its farm products was abcut $9,000,
0OO South of Tehachapi the population was
•J4.24S. the value cf real. estate $6,500,000 and
th<> value of farm products a little over $1,000,-
Irrigation began, and we have the following
reversal of conditions In 1000: The Sacra
mento Valley has* increased one and one-half
times In population, four and one-half times
in land valuation and a little less than one
and ore-Kalf times In the value of farm prod
uts: the San Joaquin Valley has increawd
three and cne-slxth times in population, eight
times In Ian I valuation and two and one-half
times In the value of form " products. South
ern California has Increased ten and one-sbtth
times in population, twenty times In wealth
and over twelve times In value of farm prod
ucts.
There Is. /perhaps, no other State or Terri
tory Jn the Union whose varied physical char
acteristics so w^ll Ulustrat; what irrigation
can accomplish for the general g-ood as does
my State of California. Her hundred million
of acres extexline from the latitude of
Charleston on the south. 763 miles north to
the latitude of Uoston. embrace within their
limits an extent o£ country which varies in
annual rainfall from zero to sixty and seventy
inches. In these portions of her Sierra Nevada
Mountains where millions of acres of magni
ficent pines clothe their nakedness, and in
those i>ortion3 of her coast range where other
millions of acres of great redwoods tow-er ten
score feet toward heaven, the snow and ralif
fall are am?le to feed the streams running
through the valleys and to furnish Irrigation
water for all tin year. In the great valleys.
tho rainfall varies from twenty inches to four
or five, according to locality. But through
them comes the Sacramento and the San
Joa<ju!n and a half hundred of their tributaries.
tso that these valleys may be irrigated.
The so-called deserts (the eastern parts of
San Bernardino, itiverslde and San Diego
counties, each larger than many of the Suites
cf this Union) netd only water to make them
fruitful almost beyond belief. The Colorado
River, the Nile of the arid West, every drop
of whose water falls u:>on United States soil
and. tnerefore, belongs to the people of the
t.nited States, can be made to brine wealth
and population to these apparently Inhospitable
wastes. Imperial. In San Diego County, flva
years o;o a desert, now has SO0O inhabitants
and those formerly desolate acres now raise
such crops as, astonish even us of California.
Even the M» ave Desert, whose sands drift
hither and yon, the sport of every passing
breeze, needs but the irrigating ditch to make
them support a teeming population.
I heve a notion that this Government could
not spend money to a better . purpose than by
providing irrigation works In such ari4 places
as thoce of the southwestern portions of the
United States. And I confidently look to see
th; day when the national appropriations for
irrigatlcn will go hand In hand with those
for navigation, rivers and harbors, fortifica
tions and the army and navy. While all these
are -necessary. irrigation is also necessary-
And. while they make possible our national
existence and increase our population and
wealth irrigation makes them certain. Con
gress could, in my opinion, do nothing that
would so ourely add to our national prosperity
as would the expenditure of large sums In
lrrisation works. . .O
CALIFORNIA IS FIRST.
ADiDKESS BY PARDEE.
Responses were made by Gifford
Pinchot, W. C. Johnson of Denver, C.
[A] Carlisle of South Bend, Ind., and I.
L. Smith of Hood River, Or. Senator
Newlands of Nevada, Governor Pardee
of California and Governor Morrison
of Idaho also delivered addresses at
the morning session. Governor Par
dee spoke as follows:
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. 15. — The
twelfth National Irrigation Congress
was called to order to-day by Senator
W. A. Clark of Montana, its presi
dent. The hall was decorated with
the colors of Mexico and the United
States. The attendance was fully up
to expectations. Music was furnished
by Mexican bands, Including one spe
cially tendered by President Diaz.
The morning session was devoted to
addresses of welcome and responses
thereto. Congressman W. R. Smith
of the Sixteenth Texas District extend
ed a welcome on behalf of the State.
William B. Phillips spoke for the
State University and Captain T. J.
Beall for the city.
Her bottom crusted with barnacles
tnd-her sides at the water line show
ing e. ragged fringe of emerald-hued
marine vegetation, the army transport
Thonias arrived yesterday afternoon
from the Philippines. Poor fuel and
a foul hull conspired to lengthen the
trooper's voyace and she reached port
Just too late to pass Quarantine. She
¦will be visited by the Quarantine of
ficials this morciror ar.d at 8:30 o'clock
the trrny tug Slocurn will take off the
cabin passengers. The vessel will dock
a. little later.
The star passenger en the Thomas
was Major General James F. "Wade.
the former military commander of the
Philippines, who lately "swapped"
commands with General Corbin. Cor
fclu left here recently on a transport
for the Philippines. General Wade
will leave in a few days to take com
xr.and of the Department of the East,
over -which Corbin presided-
Another distinguished passenger on
the Thomas is Dr. Anita Xewcomb
McGce. president o f th e Association
of Spanish-American War Nurses.
Nurse McGee offered her services to
the Japanese Government and for half
s. year has been caring for sick and
T.-our.ded Japanese and Russians In
the Mikado's hospitals and on board
the imperial hospital ships.
ILLUSTRIOUS XAMES.
Among the officers returning on the
Tfcomas are three men bearing famous
raises. They are: First Lieutenant
E'ouglas MacArthur of the Engineer
Corp^, a son of Major General
ilacArthur, commanding the Depart
ment of Ciflifornia; Lieutenant U. S.
Grant, also of the engineers, a grand
son of General and President Grant
and son of the present General Grant,
and Commander E>. H. Mahan of the
r.avy, brother of Captain A. T. Mahan,
the well-known writer on naval sub
jects.
The Thomas has on board 128 cabin
passengers and 463 troops, of whom
twenry-six are general prisoners.
General Wade says that the troops
row in the Philippines are merely on
garrison duty and that the military
government has been, abolished except
::i the iloro district, where there Is a
combination of military and civil gov
ernment. General Wood, who is Mili
tary Governor there, is also Civil Gov
ernor. In the other parts *>f the archi
pelago, says General Wade, the civil
authorities are in full control.
The general does not believe there is
«ny danger of any widespread trouble
In the islands, but thinks the natives
Tiill bear a lot of watching. Of in
dustrial conditions in the Islands the
former military commander speaks
without enthusiasm and deplores the
lack of money to build the roads nec
essary to open up the country so that
the most could be made of Its agri
cultural possibilities.
DEVELOPMENT LIMITED.
General Wade considers the* Fili
pino bright to a certain point only and
believes that in the course of time
they may show themselves fit to be
trusted with responsibilities. They are
apt to abuse authority an5 their de
velopment seems possible only to a
certain p^int.
General Wade entered the army In
Shows What Has Been Done
in Southern California
and Northern Valleys by
Use of Water on the Land
WILL LAND TO-DAY
GOVEMOE PABDEE
. TELLS OF STATE
Famous War Nurse
Is Home Again
From Japan.
Annual Session Opens With
Several Experts Present.
Letters deceived From
the President .and Diaz
SHIP QUARANTINED
Is Star Passenger
on Army Trans
port Thomas.
IRRIGATION
THE THEME
IN EL PASO
GENERAL WADE RETURNS FROM PHILIPPINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
Uricsol,
the only cure for
Rheumatism.
If you rre suffering from rheuma-
tism there is a chance for you to be-
come absolutely cured. You may
cure j-ourse'f and do it quickly if you
v.-iii lay aside your prejudice and
skepticism.
Every San Francisco druggist sells
Uricsol, the well-known remedy, and
we hereby authorize them to guaran-
tee a cure.
Un^sol cures rheumatism in the only
possible vray it can be cured.
Uric Acid and Uratess are the cause
of Rheumatism. These are deposited
ir. the tissues, blood vessels and joints
of the body.
These deposits must be dissolved
and eliminated from the system be-
fore a cure can be accomplished.
Uricsol is a solvent of these and
tones up the system, stimulates the I
kidneys, liver ~nd bowel;, and thus !
drives them from the system.
Uricsol is harmless, and no injuri-
ous results can possibly, come to any
part of your body.
Write us to-day for booklet con-
taining recommended diet for rhea-
tratics.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.
- Los Angeles. Cal.
®CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE VftRBANTED
(f\ 6 B l\ B &% Ammunition. Hunting- aai
yyisV SHI'.HVK * BARBER CO..
.J3 Market «t. and 521
Kercy «t.
IA/. T. HESS,
ZTet&ry Public aad AttorseT-*t-L*w.
Tenth Flocr. Room 1015. CUus EpreckeU bid*
Telechen* Main 083.
Residence. 1802 McAlllrter mt.
Residence Telephone Face 8641.
|ASTHMANOLA|
1st tie calr cure for Hcrrotis) uA
Broactlal ASTHMA.
Tew Dru«rirt or at 508 HAIGHX BT^
Eu Fraadsco. Cal.
:_ -' t THE ¦ EMPORTXTM. THE EMPORIUM. - 'P 135 EMPORIXTM.
* ' ' -«
g The Rainy* Day +_ m> -~ Accounts Can *
i Shopping Place \j&? Af f / '• Be Opened $
& 'Eveirthias for home or proud dL^sZv£* &4?ffr'fJf 1 }Y IUJFf/^ By responsible parties. ¦*
tf u- t under on: roof. All city cars \&y M £ &>*k^ M M (W^ isr^&WMl^ Accommodation 3 o - d ay
Jf pan the door or transfer to can that CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- M f^f^^ w " accoantJ. Apply at OUT •*
k > do. As easy to shop here on a BrmaGGSBBSE^^^^^^^ Credit Bureau. Mnxaniae of- \
V rainy day as when the sun «hinei. -l| "i!jL!ll*"*" AMERICA'S CPANDEST STORE r.-. doer %
f ; *
I 2Oc English Torchon Laces So a Yard |
* 1500 yards of fine wash lace, in new patterns, suitable for underwear, children's S
| dresses, curtains, etc., worth from twice ,to four times the sale price, are ready :5
£ for to-morrow's selling. The patterns are taken from real Torchon, Cluny and %
* Medici laces, and include both heavy arid light weight. Widths 2 to 4}4 inches, with inser- BSg* %
*£ tions to match. Worth up to 20c a yard. Wednesday and Thursdav only *^Cr >i
I SI 7 .50 Siik Shirt Waist 60 C Damasks 4?C :5
j; &U2&S $9*75 @||S%j3 And other Very special J
** Chance broueh: us 1 20 of these prettv t9@§»^3^*? -"
I suits to sell for $9.75. To-day «nd f^S^ linen values for Thanks- J
J Thursday, and the balance of tic week, JRsJ/ Vivlng and Xmas Tables 'I
it if quantity lasts. y?^vv\vV ' . Vr,
$ The maker desired to d»- //.WvvSftk V. "^ "^ " tin - H " °f*f M J ths kin^ $
* poieof his entire stoek before /£• £ CvTH that add cheer and refinement to your dimag-room and V
» beginning on his spring line,. /r\fci£}2flU [° thC P ' e "T °. f . 7 .°° r **??£* " ? the time of the JS
{• We bought every suit that he /v^/ JggW ' nO . Cl1 'T™*.' "£ / °^ ' ' • ** *"* $P= " '?
*' had on hand all of which I cial cut prices, b.-ginning Wednesday morning. ' ;„
* ¦ , . ,. , Ik \ft/ ilM . • - Bleached T«blc Damajk— From the German loonsj, fiae wen final), !€
J were made within the past 30 VV*T _ "* f in two width* .ad many de«gn, of we.ri a5 , * -|
y days. I NSj^i*''/' J 6°* kis* 1 , 5* lnehe* wide jf
£ Thsv come in pretty pin » f&rdw . 7°* **** 6 3 ' mch ** w * e o4o s
I do,, .nd rftah. ph. «np.,, ¦Min N ' Pkl "l^r."^-^cC^..*f.28 |
g in green, brown, gray, garnet >// |YvJ, j: |s.oo «yU», »4x»4 inches, dozen . . $J.43 %
£ and biack. / iM \vt# : V Fine Damask Set»—Henuti:che(J, an Sxis doth, *9 £~ '*
£ Very dainty house dresses h £^\V^tV whh <J«ea napkiai; worth J7. 50 »et . . . . mf7&m 0 %J -*
£ these, and many women will /• Damask Dinner Set— Iran flax; clcth three yards Jonjr, with doxm x
?> « , j • I F< / "T'i:-" \ A napkins, for $4*75 i with zii-xard cloth. £& Mf ¦&
* wear them on ths street during j K-^'iV* > S ie* <*»-¦¦•«*#, ,2. &$~&'a£}l& *
%¦ the winter months. Even as ,'¦'¦' '{ V ; { % 4 «^Vl — — i^ — — — — — *
J an investment to lay away for M£|<£ \fjg?£}) SCISSOrS 18C COiiibS 12%C 2
i Ticftni Wil i-k P I y ° atObU7 To-day full nickeled scissor,, Lady's 2Gc Shell Back *
*; one of these .i.k^Q y g- Avith fancy oiid. : zcd han- Pnmh, in f«.,r «f th, *
J dres,ei«on>.^*/0 ««. i« *. Jtf. 4 * «* «»* Combs, in four of the . ;
tf The Sale of $5.00 to $5Z5O Dress and Walking lix.-t; so:d regularly for 15c and newest shapes, at
J» — : ; ; 35c, the best scijtot vabe we about half regular price; It
* Skirts for $3.25. S5.00 an1 $7.50 Ends Tonight hare erer offered at- . . .18O to-day only, each . . 12&O J
y I '<*
I* S1.5O Eiderdown Men's Rubbers 2Oc Bars Castile 5
* Sacques $1.23 /N^k^ > 48 C Soap, 2 for 23c *
£ A little early tor Chritmai, but not to j (• \ ,-, Genuine Italian Castils Scao— A fia: article £
H. % >on to tuy, for the stock is complete now j v **^>w The 75c for either toilet or bath; Wednes- _.. *f
*£ in both Azc* and cj!ors. This particular 'O^" 1115 ***-' zni Thursday only, 2 ban . ifdC •*
i sicejut is nude of all-wool eiderdown in ¦iujfai style 1^'^^^^"™ 1 '^™ "^
fy blue gray, pink or red; ; J». la.ge «U«r col- . rubber*, sizts ' 7 to GrOCCfieS, LiOVOrS *
* lar, fljwmi 1 ejv:i, bound around wth ¦ ° _Z* ,< . , m ¦> ' rr ttr j j j 'rr y £
Si black Itaian doth and hearij applied; rJk «>« Wednesday and Thursday, For Wednesday and Thursday *
I • . , Children's Shoes r £^^Jpg&t£g° $
*\ Toy Spec fats , ""^"PL, 42 C snu«^ boet: e . .jsg ;?
g For Wednesday 1 v^. Hand-iumcd *o:es, peanoriKns, 3 X fo^T. T?. . V 2so 5
J? Parents who hare Christmai jifti to buy ("^^^-^^Ta patent leather Sand Soap- Strylcer's, 15 bars. . . .50c *
£ fjr the children: Are you following our ad- V T M? Jj j natent KtW Nutf ~ *" llxsd or P Iain » V 0^^- • -15C JC
, vert'Stmentj cay by day? Probably among . ,• . Teas — Uncaored Japan, Oolong, English X
5- thi many special offers that we are mak- leather facings, pretty little shoes Breakfast, . new crop, choice pickings, *
Ik" in; in die toy departmtnt, to induce early that will give good wear. Worth pound 4OC .%
«f Christmas trading and avoid, the terrible* ha'f as much ag«n as the Wednes- Sal Soda— s s pounds. 25o X
?» crujhri ot previom years, you will fini the , , • ° • . ¦ California Cheese— .\KJ, 2 penads.. 35c 'Z
i very thing* you though: of c tying at a quarter da ? " lC P" CC ' 8 Z$ 2 tO jl JJ" Borax Naphtha Soap-6 ban ... .2So \
tf to a third less than they will be later on, to- V. . ' *4-2C Yttlowstone Whisky— Foil q^artj.^J. 05 X
£ morrow. v.Vv _ ' _ , Port or Sherry— AAA, cur rejular $1.50 ft
tf Carpet Sw:eper»-That work m perfectly KitCtten 3nU wines gallon • • . St.»5 $
l regM. Wedn^."- IOC C^^a^^l^ 5
I DonSw^S-White e = l s^gfortwo r J*O V*™**^ B? ok -—^^^ ;|
K "feVdif ,'e w/d 9 n«Jar 1 8C ' «** £* of ****** ™r warrant Herald Rye Whisky-Full «»t . . Q5o X
instead of 2 3 e, Wtone»Jay . .. IOb kitchen, butcher, skinning, sticking bread Heck White Wine -Instead of 53c eaUon 9
* DolVs Go-Cart— Varnished fancy reed body and .m-at kntTe S 6 to 10 inch blades, in 4Oc 'I
J, 6x8 inch iteel whtes, rofflei parasol top. hardwood handles, some with nickc'-plated Hunter Rve Whisky- Bot-Jo .. Sl-OO '%
$ reguarly $ 1. 50, Wednesday _- /ffj ferr<e» and »il»er bolsters, uotth ap to Assorted Cordials— Bott-'e .,. . . . 75c X
J? /.;:./..-. &M.US9 75c each, to-day and Thursday . .25O A. V. H. G"n Large black bottle. $1.38 '{
. _ " ADVERTISEMENTS. ||r
frnM Good Gutilery P§K\ \ \\
u Makes Carving S-I&av Mi
|$nf$!l We have the largest assort- •£>
I inVA JiuSH ment. of Carving Sets. Poultry Shears, Bird Carvers —
( IJP LlViVi ma^ e °f tne bcst steel, with handles of Pearl. Buck- (
Mm PlMi horn> Ivorv « Bone and Celluloid. :::::::: <
nHW/ff/ffli Set With Buckhorn Handles. Mounted Wllh Off nf\ /
Sterling fcliver Trimmlnjs as Pictured . . pO.UU '
11 See Our Thanksilvlni Display for Ideas on Table I j ;
I Appointments— In our NEW ENGLISH ROOM M
|; 122-132 SUTTER ST. \Ins pact our mw brick warehouse,- ' ready, to r«
cetv« household goods exclusively Nov. 1. Only
brick warehouse in city. Beklns Van & Storage
Co.. 1018 Broadway. Oakland. Tel. Main 907.*
STUDENTS DEBATE. — Alameda.
Nov 15. — Next Saturday evening the debating
team of the Alameda High School will. meet a
team from the San Jose High School in a
forensic contest to be held In the auditorium
of the Girls' High 8chool in San Francisco.
The question to be debated Is: "Resolved,
That tha United 8tates should prevent by force
If necessary, any further acquisition of ter
ritory upon the American continent by Euro
pean nations." The Alameda debaters will be
Frank O" Brian, Roswell Dague and Jerome
PollUer. i , . *
Woman Recovering,.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— After exam
ining the wound of Mrs. Laura Camp
bell, who was shot by her husband
Saturday night, Dr. S. T. Stratton
stated this morning that he believed
the patient was on the road to recov
ery- No indication of blood poisoning
has manifested and It was from this
that the greatest danger lay.
rOR TAXPAYERS' CONVENIENCE.—Oak
land, 'Nov. 15.— Th« offlc* of th« Tax Collector
at the City Hall will be open •venlnr* until 9
o'clock up to November 28. whtn the first
Installment of taxta become* delinquent.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: W. A. Mar
lin, 43, and Clarice S. Conkey. ; 23,
both of San Francisco; Woodward J.
Martinez, over 21, and Fannie • E.
Tyrrell, over 18, both of Berkeley;
Frederick J. Kinley, over 21, Healds
burg, and Mabel Parker, over' 18,
Berkeley; Paul Boruttan, 41, and Jo
sephine A. Brains. 30, both of San
Francisco; Morton M. Tuft, over; 21,
Alameda, and Florence L. Stewart,
over 18, Oakland; John W. Hanson,
44, and Anna Osthing, 33, both of
Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
YOUNG GIRL. OF SELMA ,
VICTIM OP SAD ACCIDUrCT
MUNICIPAL. BONDS IN BERKELEY.—
Berkeley, Nov. 15. — At a meeting: of the Town
Trustees' last night Trustee Hoff introduced
a resolution fixing the amounts to be voted
upon for municipal Improvements when a bond
Issue Is submitted to the public as follows:
Town Hall and site. SlOO.OuO; wharf. $4.1.000:
parks. $2(>,P0O: fire equipment, $40.00*); manual
training, $20,000; street equipment, $7000.
KNION THANKSGIVING. — Alameda. \ Nov.
15.— Union' ThanknglvlnK services will be held
by the local Protestant: churches -this year in
the First Presbyterian Church, Rev. Frank
I,. Brush, pastor. Special music will be ren
dered by an augmented choir. Kpv. Oilman
Parker of tha First Baptist | Church will de
liver the sermon at the services, which are to
commence Thanksgiving morning at 11 o'clock.
ALAMEDA ADVANCES. — Alameda, Nov.
15, — It has been decided by the board of di
rectors of. the Alameda Advancement Asso
ciation to Issue an illustrated book of one
hundred pages advertising this city. The work
of compiling the volume • will be commenced
Immediately. T. A. Bonstan has been ap
pointed official solicitor for members and col
lector for the Advancement Association.
Piece of Steel From Tool in the Hands
of Her Father Destroys
Maiden's Eye.
FRESNO, Nov. 15. — Miss Evy Lit
tle, a Selma girl of 16 years, this
morning lost her right eye, the eye
ball having to be removed. She was
watching her father, J. M. Little, open
a keg of pickles and as he struck one
of the hoops a small piece of steel flew
from his hammer, striking the young
girl in the eye. The bit of steel
pierced the eyelid, entered the eyeball
and was completely lost to view.
Medical skill could not save the eye
and it was removed this afternoon.
Miss Little Is resting well.
Oregon Visited by Storm.
ASTORIA, Nov. 15. — A storm of un
usual fury raged last night, and this
niornlng, but this afternoon., the
weather quieted down- A considerable
portion of the jetty at the mouth ol
the Columbia River was carried out by
the heavy seas.
CANNOT START FlJiE.— Oakland. Nov. 15
After having made two unsuccessful attempts
to burn hi* way out of the Uvermore Jail
Frank Wllse was brought to the County Jail
her* to-day and has been placed in an Iron
tank. He Is belni? h»ld to answer a charge
Tor steallnr a bicycle.
JOPLIN. Mo., Nov.. 15.— An explo
sion at the Independent Powder
Works at Webb C>t>, near here, to-day
killed William Qmvn of Carthage
and Byron O. Dranstetter, who lived
near by. Dalton Trim and G. M.
Goff, employes, were badly hurt.
Two Killed in an Explosion.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15. — The will of
Mrs. Margerita Hilderbrand of Ala
meda, which leaves a fortune of from
$200,000 to $250,000 to her three
children, was filed to-day for pro
bate by Attorney Asa V. Mendenhall.
Leaves Large Estate.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15. — The annual
convention of the Alameda County
Sunday-school Association was begun
to-day, services being held in the'
Calvary ¦ Baptist Church throughout
the day and evening. There were 112
delegates present. Rev. H. B. Mow
bray, Rev. Dr. Boardman, Rev. Madi
son Slaughter, Charles F. Fisher, Rev.
Charles T. Walkeley, Rev. George
White, Rev. D. E. Potter and Presi
dent Eli McClish of the University of
the Pacific read papers and partici
pated in the discussions. Reports of
officers were made by President I. N.
Halliday and Secretary Charles F.
Fisher. " '. - . ';
Gather In Convention.
Nearly $1,000,000 In cash is dis
tributed among his two daughters,
son-in-law and nephew. In addition
valuable real estate and mining prop
erties, stocks and bonds are bequeath
ed to' them. Other relatives are to
divide $100,000. Several thousand
dollars are left to charitable institu
tions.
PASADENA, Nov. 15. — The will of
the late Eldrldge N. Fowler, a multi
millionaire, who died at Pasadena on
November 7, has just been probated
here. The will disposes of property
worth many millions of dollars. His
widow Is given $500,000 in cash and
valuable real estate.
Will of Eldrldse N. Fowler Leaves
Fortune to Widow. Danghters,
Son-in-Law and Nephew.
DEATH BRINGS RICHES
TO CAPITALIST'S RELATIVES
OAKLAND, Nov. 15. — Ross Van
Horn, former principal of th^ Pan Ra
fael High School, who is suing his
wife for divorce, naming Adolph
Knopf, a Berkeley student, as a co
respondent, spent the day on the wit
ness stand to-day telling the court
how his suspicions were first aroused
and what he did to verify them. He
was subjected to a searching cross
examination by Judge J. J. McCaf
lerty of Seattle, who will continue his
questioning in the morninc
Husband Tells «f His Doubts.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 15. — S. Healey,
an employe of the Petaluma', and
Santa Rosa Railway, was stabbed to
death by another employe of- the
road, named Patrick Hickey, at Stony
Point to-day. Hickey says the knife
thrust was accidental and was given
while he was separating Healey . and
another man, who were fighting.
Sheriff Grace arrested Hickey. To
night a Coroner's jury charged Hickey
with murder.
Quarrel Between Quarrymen at Stony
Point Results In Death of
S. Henley.
KNIFE TnRUST ENDS
THE LIFE OF LABORER
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15.— The school
teachers of Amador County are hold
ing a county institute at the State
Normal School in this city. This is a
new departure In the county institute
work. By coming to the Normal School
the teachers have the benefit of more
lectures and addresses than if thev
stayed at home, and besides have a
chance to observe the methods of the
school. Sixty-five teachers of the
county are present.
The Institute organized this morning
by the election of Professor G. A. Gor
don president, W. U. Greenhalge and
L. B. Wilson, vice presidents, and Miss
Alice E. Gartlln secretary. The in
stitute will be in session three days:
Sixty-Five Educators Assemble In
Garden City and Hold Their
Annual Institute.
AMADOR COUNTY SCHOOL
TEACHERS IN §AN JOSE
The funeral of Martin M. Dunn was
held this ? morning at St. Francis de
Sales Church, where solemn high
mass was celebrated by Rev. Father
Baachab of San Francisco. A short
religious service at the residence,
536 Twenty-fourth street, was con
ducted by Rev. Father Cranwell of
St. Mary's College. At the church
Rev. Laurence Serda acted as deacon.
Rev. Father Lally as sub-deacon and
Rev. Father Cranwell as master of
ceremonies.
. OAKLAND, Nov. 15. — Funeral ser
vices for Mrs. Mary A. Chabot were
conducted at her residence on East
Fifteenth street this aiternoon by Rev.
C. R. Brown of the First Congrega
tional Church. The body was placed
In the vault at Mountain View ceme
tery, but later will be taken East to
be interred in the family plot at Lynn,
Mass. Hundreds attended the funeral
services. Mrs. Chabot was the. widow
of Anthony Chabot, a wealthy and
prominent pioneer of Oakland.
Funeral Service for Woman Who nad
Been Prominent In Social Life
of Oakland.
FRIENDS MOURN AT BIER
OF MRS. MARY A. CHABOT
OAKLAND, Nov. 15. — The special
committee on municipal water supply
has completed the mailing of 17,500
letters to the voters of Oakland, re
questing them to signify by marking
Inclosed cards for remailing to the
committee their opinions as to the
Bay Cities Water Company project
and that Involved in an underground
rupply from the artesian well district
at Niles. The committee expects to
receive enough replies to enable it to
rubmlt a report to the City Council
Monday night.
In connection with the work of the
committee City Councilman G. E. Ait
ken has Issued a statement urging
the public to support the Bay Cities
proposition. Aitkon Bays h<? believes
If the people vote bonds for the Bay
Cities plant that a municipal water
supply can be installed in two years.
Water Committee Awaits Replies to
It« Request for Opinions on Mu
nicipal Supply Propositions.
FTNICTTES MAILING
I.FTTET* TO VOTERS
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15.— Harry Elliott,
who killed John W. Sherman In this
city on October 27, 1901, was to-day
given his freedom. After three years
in the Agnews Asylum Elliott was yes
terday restored to his mental capacity
and ordered into the custody of the
Sheriff for trial. To-day he was
brought into court, and on motion of
District Attorney Campbell the charge
of murder against him was dismissed.
In making the motion for a dismissal
of the charge to-day District Attorney
Campbell said a conviction would be
impossible at this time. He said that
Bessie Bray, the chief and Indispen
sable witness, who was saved from
ruin by Elliott's act, is now living hap
pily with her mother and cannot be
depended on to give any testimony
against him.
Girl Who Caused Crime Does Not
Want to Testify Against Slayer
¦ of Her Husband.
MURDER CHARGE AGAINST
HARRY ELLIOTT DISMISSED
The convention opens to-morrow and
will continue with evening sessions for
about ten days.
PORTLAND, Nov. 15. — Accompanied
by " the Governors of two -Atlantic
States and the dean of the University
of West Virginia, together with dele
gates from twenty-six States, Aaron
Jones of South Bend, Ind., master of
the National Grange, arrived in Port
land to-day on a special train. With
Jones are T. C. Atkeson, dean of the
University of West Virginia, overseer;
N. J. Batchelder, Governor of New
Hampshire, lecturer; F. B. Norris of
Sodus, N. Y., chairmah of the executive
committee, and C. J. Bell. Governor of
Vermont, secretary of the executive
committee.
fSovernors of Two Atlantic States and
University Dean Attend Nat :
tional Grange Gatherinsr.
XOTED MEN FROM EAST
DELEGATES TO CONVENTION
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 15. — Police
detectives to-day recovered more
than $1000 worth of jewelry and other
valuables secreted by David Kiniry,
burglar and murderer, who was cap
tured in this city about a week ago.
A key to a. deposit vault was found
on Kiniry's person when he was ar
rested, and the detectives to-day lo
cated the box in one of the local
banks.
Much of the property in it has been
identified. J. Ross Clark, vice presi
dent of the Salt Lake Railway, whose
house was robbed some time ago.
identified some of the property as his.
Dr. H. C. Hibbard of Pasadena, who
lost heavily recently in a burglary of
his residence, recovered from Kiniry's
loot property which he valued at $800.
Several other parties were able to
identify stolen valuables among the.
plunder.- Jl cpnsi.derable^ quantity
still remains unrecovered'-V - r.
Nearly $1000 Worth of Stolen Jewelry
Recovered and Restored to Vic
tims of Burglar.
The Freshmen Gymnasium Club of thirty
men has been consolidated with the regular
Unlversity of California "gym" club. A
meeting: of the two organizations was held
this afternoon, when speeches were made by
members of both clubs.* Boxing Is to be a
feature -of !M« new orgnnltatian. as the faculty
has given permission. There are about seventy
members In the new club. O. J. AnJoS will
have charjre of the wrestling classes and LL
11. Nlshklan the boxing- classes.
Mrs. May L. Cheney, appointment secretary
of the' university,- has returned from the East,
where she attended the convention of the Na
tional Association of Collegiate Alumnae in
Bt. Louis aa a delegate from the California
branch of the association. The association to
which Mm. Cheney was a delegate and before
which she read a paper, is to meet In San
Frandsoo In 1900, her efforts having secured
the choice of the Pacific Coast city as a meet
ing place for the convention.
It. Valentine Brlfaut. commissioner for Bel
glum to the St. Louis exposition, visited th*
university yesterday. He expressed himself as
gTeatly pleased with educational methods In
vogue at the university and as a result will
offer several suggestions for the Improvement
of educational work In Belgium.
The flrtt "op«n house" of the term Is to b«
g1r*n by the Associated Women Students on
next Saturday afternoon at Hearst Hall. The
seniors and sophomores are to act as hos
teuses.
Professor Durand, head of the engineering
department at Stanford, made an Inspection
to-day of the laboratories, the- steam, hy
draulic and electric machinery and the new
power plant on the campus.
The Spanish comedy, which was to have
been produced by the Spanish Club to-morrow,
has been postponed to Monday, November 21.
because of the "Star of Bethlehem" production
to-morrow.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. — Th« weeltlr College
of Commerce lecture was given yesterday by
Walter MacArthur, editor of the Coast Sea
men's Journal of San Francisco. He dis
cussed the so-called labor problem, giving the
laborers' side of the case.
Amons the first nighters to see "When We
Were Twentv-nne" last evenlnp wer* Mis*
Jane Crellln, Mlsa Mona Crellln, RoR«r Friend
and Hiram Hall. , The W. H. McKlnnong en
tertained a box party.
The third lecture of the university course
by Professor H. Morse Stephens will take
place at Assembly Hall to-morrow afternoon
at 3:50 o'clock. His subject will be "Lafay
ette." This lecture course was inaugurated
by the^Teaehers' Club, of which Miss E
Eherman Is president. Miss M. A. Sullivan
treasurer. Miss M. E. Norton secretary and
Miss Margaret Wythe librarian. A class In
French history will be formed at 3:30.
The Sons and Daughters of the Maritime
Provinces hrld their regular monthly meet
ir.r last night at California Hall. There was
a fine attendance and the members enjoyed
an excellent musical and literary programme.
Delegates were present from the Canadian
Society and their proposal to amalgamate with
the pnns and daughter? will he % discussed at
the next meeting. December 12. Details of
the Canadian election returns were read by
Mr. Grosvenor and there were addresses by
Dr. Patterson and Dr. Kelly.
The Ghirardelli home on Market street
housed a merry party to-day during the
luncheon for Mifs Jessie Barstow. The decora
tions of the email but artistic dining-room were
unusually pretty. A basket of red roses and
ftrns stood in the center of the., table, stream
ers of ribbons and smllax radlatlnc to each
place.' I»ainty sachet • bags. Inscribed with a
guest's name and bearing a water color sketch
of some old California mission, were pretty
souvenirs of the occasion. Covers were
laid for Mlxs Barstow, Miss L. Ghirardelli,
Mrs. V. Ghirardelli of San Francisco, Mrs. A.
Vanendan. Mrs. Robert Duncan. Mrs. Chris
Jor,-ren?on, Mrs. n. F. 81mmons, Mrs. I* Bar
stow, Mrs. I... Wines and the hosiers.
Mb* L<oulse Hr!1 was hostess at a large
tea this afternoon at her home on Thirteenth
rtrwt. It was a brilliant and pleasant affair.
In Miss Hall's receiving party were Miss
Lillie Keed, Miss Gertrude Rufsell. Miss Bes
*ie Haven*. Miss Lillie Isaacs, Miss Rachel
Morrow, Visa Kathryn Kutz, Miss Ruth
Moughton, Miss Hose Kales. Miss Cecil Har
rold. Miss JefMe Crals, Mlsn Evelyn Hussey,
Mlfg Marlon Walsh and Miss Carolyn Palman
teer.
Mrs. Afa Mendenhall was the honored guest
at a very delightful affair to-day with Miss
Eda Curdts In the role of hostess. Miss
Curdts entertained her guests at the Mehr
manns' pretty home on Grove street and
cardu was tha order of the day. Arnonjf those
afked to meet Mrs. Mendenhall were: Mrs.
George Humphrey. Miss Carrie Miller, Ml?s
Grace Lanpley, Ml*s Lotta Hopkins. Miss
Cornwell. Mrs. Harry Williams, Mrs. A. Dal
zlel. Mrs. William Westphal. Mrs. Stephen
Tiipp. Miss Alice NelnOn. Mi.-s Helen Nelson.
Mrs. James Ireland. Mrs. A. P. L*ach, Miss
Vera Movacovlch, Miss Lou Curdts.
Another wedding of equal social Interest was
that of Miss Mabel Cooley and Frederick Gow
ing this eveniriK. The homo of the bride's
mother, Mrs. M. V. Cooley, on Telegraph ave
nue, was the scene of the wedding and a very
pretty scene it was. Green and white consti
tuted the color scheme, vines and bamboo
forming a bower, across the front of which
v.as a . delicate arrangement of white tulle
and chrysanthemums. The attendants were
attired In the chosen color*. Misc Bessie Clow,
the maid of honor, wearing white and the
t ridesmaids. Misses Anna and Margaret
Franck, green silk mulle, the three gowns be
in« made alike with accordion pleated skirts
and full bodices. They also carried similar
showers of asparagus fern.
The bride' u town was of white silk messa
ltne, elaborately made with shirrlnga and lace,
the latter being unusually handsome.
Chester Noble attended the groom and the
UFhers were Stanley Smith and Arthur
Wheeler. Rev. E. E.» Bak&r of the First
Presbyterian Church officiated.
Mr. Gowing Is a mining man of Arizona
and he and his bride will reside there.
OAKLAND. Not. 13.— In tho midst of rrtat
yellow blossom* the nuptials of Mis* Evelyn
Crali and William L. Pattiani were solem
nized this evening-, Juit the members of the
two families witnessing: the simple ceremony.
The twain were made one by Dr. C. R. Brown,
pastor of the First Congregational Church.
The bride ia an aristocratic looking- girU
with dark eyes and hair, and bar gown of
satin xnessaUne was extremely becominc. With
, its deep, transparent yoke and beautiful lace
berthe. Its triple sklft and corded shin-ins;, it
was one of the handitome bridal gowns of the
season. A veil, held in place with natural
oranse blossoms, almost enveloped the white
robed figure and a shower of lilies of the val
ley completed the costume.
Miss Jesde Craig attended her sister, her
town of taffeta being- a charming confection
of tucked bilk and lace. She carried white,
carnations.
L»r. C. O. Oilman was best man.
During the marriage ceremony the bridal
party stood within an arch of greens and
v\ bite chrysanthemum, while elsewhere, on
the tables and In artistic corners, were chrys
anthemums and uth«r rarer . blossoms of me
prevailing golden hue.
A larce number of guests attended - the re
ception that followed the ceremony.
The bride is a daughter of Hugh Craig, the
well-known Insurance man, and. is a clever
and cultured young woman. Mr. Pattiani has
cOOb been & resident of Alameda and Is well
.known in the business world through his a»
s^iation with the wholesale drug flnn; Lang
hy it Michaels of Ban Francisco,
Mr. and Mrs. Pattiani will reside In Oak
land on their return from their honeymoon at
•'i-> Twenty-first street, where the g#oom has
:.tteJ up a charming- home. They will be at
home to their friends Wednesdays after Jan
uary 1.
AUTUMN WEDDING
-^ »
KIXIRY'S BOOTY IS FOUND
BY LOS ANGELES POLICE
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Vast Sum W T ill Be Used to Perfect
Railroad Properties in State
m of Oregon.
PORTLAND, Nov. 15. — Three million"
dollars will be expended by the Harri
man lines In Oregon during 1905 in
improvements and general work on the
maintenance of way 'and structures.
This estimate does not Include the
$500,000 to be spent on the alterations
of the car shops in this city, the cost
of fifty miles of" road now beine laid
in Cow Creek Canyon, in Douglas
County, or the cost of ties to be used in
the 140 miles of new' track to be laid
in Southern Oregon.
The amount will be spent in the lay
ing of track in Southern Oreeon. re
ballasting the road between Portland
and Huntington, and replacing wooden
bridges with those of steel in places
where it is impossible to fill.
MILLIONS TO BE SPENT
ON HARRIMAN LINES
BERLIN, Not. 15. — Emperor Wil
liam's extensive canal projects, re
jected by the Prussian Diet in 1898
and 1901, are to be realized in part
at least. The canal committee of the
Diet, composed of the leaders of the
parties controlling the Diet, has de
cided to support the measures for a
canal connecting Hanover with the
Rhine and for using the Weser for a
canal from Hamlen downward, pro
vided Bremen will stand part of the
expense. Tho .canal will use about
sixty miles of the existing Dortmund
Ems canal and will have two outlets
into the Rhine, one from the present
terminus of the Dortmund Ems canal
to Ruhrort and the second down the
valley of the Llppe to the Weser. The
use of Lippe River for a canal will
also be carried upward to Hamm. The
total length, exclusive of the Weser.
will be 165 miles. The cost will be
about $5,000,000. The vote on the
Berlin-Stettin canal and other projects,
was postponed. "¦
The committee's action is regarded
as Insuring the passage of the meas
ure through the Diet in Its present
form. The bill embraces a center
party amendment, giving the Prussian
Government a monopoly of propulsion
in the canal by tug or electrical mo
tors running along the shore. It ap
pears that this amendment was the
only thing which saved the bill, since
it genders the measure acceptable to
the part of the Agrarian element that
Hopes to compel the Government to
keep freight rates high enough to
compete seriously with railroads and
thereby prevent the cheap transpor
tation of agricultural . products and a
consequent encroachment of foreign
grain from the German market.
Baron von Zedlltz, who was the
leading spirit of the opposition to the
canal bills in 1899 and 1901, Is now
trying to persuade the conservatives
to support the present measure in or
der to. close the breach between them
and the Emperor caused by the re
jection of those bills.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
PERSONAL.
C. A. Canfield, the well known oil
man of Los Angeles. Is at the Palace.
Dr. W. C. Wile of Da'nbury. Conn
is at tho St. Francis.
Attorney W. H. Hatton and wlfo of
Modesto are at the Lick.
I* F. Moulton, a prominent rancher
of Colusa. is at the Grand.
H. Malloch. superintendent of the
Marysville woolen mlUs. Is at the
Grand.
State Superintendent of Public In
struction Thomas J. Kirk is at the
Palace.
Irwin Griffith, a mining man of Sut
ter Creek, and his wife are registered at
the Lick.
/ Former Territorial Meteorologist C.
Lydecker arrived from Honolulu yes
terday on his way to the East.
J. Dole*, who is engaged in growing
pineapples In Hawaii for foreign con
sumption, arrived here yesterday.
Alexander Young, proprietor of a ho
tel in Honolulu which bears his name,
arrived from the islands yesterday and
is registered at the Occidental.
John Morrlsey. manager of the
Orpheum. and his wife returned last
night from a visit to the St. Lou.s ex
position and are at the Palace.
E. E. Paxton of Honolulu arrived
at. the St. Francis yesterday. He has
come to San Francisco to take charge
of the planters' shipping interests
here. He Is accompanied by his wire.
Among the arrivals on the steamship
Alameda yesterday from Honolulu was
Allen Herbert, who is on his way u>
Sweden, where he hopes to interest
farmers in a project to settle in Hawaii.
N. S. Mullan. one of the assistant
managers of the Palace, and his wife,
who have been in the East for several
weeks, returned last night. Their ar
rival was followed by the departure
on an Eastern trip of Assistant Man
ager O. Rich and his wife. The lat
ter will be absent about six weeks.
Hon. Rene Halewyck. the Belgian
Consul at San Francisco, leaves to-day
for the East on official business, his
main object being to arrange for the
co-operation of American producers*
with the management of the World s
Fair to be held at Liege in Belgium
next year. On his way to Washington,
where ha will visit the Belgian Min
ister Baron Moncheur. he will stop at
St Louis to meet Mr. Russell Stand
hope, the special delegate to the fair,
appointed by the Belgian Minister of
Industry and Labor. Mr. Francotta.
Patents for Various Devices Granted
to Residents of Golden
State.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15. — The fol
lowing patents were issued to-day to
Californlans: George W. Arper, Oak
land, oil burner; Horace F. Brown,
Oakland, reducing ores; James C.
Clyde, San Francisco, air brake; John
P. Elspass, Los Angeles, pulverizing
mill; Elizabeth McDonald, San Fran
cisco, combined box and wallet; James
C. Rlley, Los Angeles, suspensory;
Albert H. Mooser and O. H. Root,
Grass Valley, posting proof and bal
ance books; Louis- Sachse, Oroville.
gold-saving apparatus; Thomas Strain,
Placentia, fruit grader; Isaac G. Wa
terman. Santa Barbara, electro-mag
netic valve and valve controlling
mechanism and system, electrical
valve controlling mechanism, electric
switch, electrical contact controlling
float; Frank V. Wright. San Francisco,
levee protector and making same.
CallTornians hx New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15. — The follow
ing Californians arrived in New York
to-day:
From San Francisco— W. L. Cor
son. at the Breslln; M. R. HIgglns, at
the Imperial; A. C. Mizner, at the As
tor; W. H. Murray, at the Cosmopol
itan; T. H. A. Ford, at the Cadillac:
S. B. Welch and wife, at the Ansonia;
Mrs. Bruns. at the Herald Square:
Mrs. Faxon, at the Vendome; J. Shot
well, at the Herald Square; Mrs. G. H.
Siebe. at the Astor; L. Slosa, at the
Holland; Mrs. G. E. Starr, at the-As
ton «!'
From San Jose — J. G. Enright and
wife and Mrs. J. Enright, at the New
Amsterdam.
From Santa Rosa, — J. KImball, at
the Grand'Union.
From Los Angeles — Mra. L. Booth?,
at the Normandie; J. N. Hayes, at the
Albert; Mrs. A. G. Hicks, at th© Nor
mandie; Miss I. Lacy, W. Lacy and
wife, at the Imperial; P. Tlorve, at the
Astor; A. J. Allen, at the Broadway
Central; J. E. Keppel and wife, at the
Grand Union.
SMALL SUM IS OFFERED
FOR BUILDING AT FAIR
MASKED BANDITS HOLD T7P
WYOMING GAMBLING HALL
Believed to Be the Same Men Who
Robbed Bank at Cody and
Shot Cashier.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Nov. 15. — Two
masked . bandits entered Charles E«1 7
wards' saloon and gambling house in
Thermopolis early to-day, lined all the
dealers and players against the wall
and secured all the money and valu
ables in the place. The amount of
plunder is not known, but It ia believed
to be large. It is thought the robbers
are- the men who attempted to rob th*
bank at Cody a few weeks ago and
killed Cashier I. O. Middaugh.
Structure That Cost $15,000 Will
Bring Only $150 Because It
Must Be Razed.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 15. — In a re
port just received by Governor Par
dee from the State Commissioners at
the St. Louis Exposition It appears
that the California building, which
cost approximately $15,000, cannot be
sold for more than $150. less the fur
niture, on the fair grounds.
This Is accounted for by the fact
that this building, as are the others,
is located in a public park and will
have to be removed or razed to the
ground after the exposition. The
Commissioners also report that pieces
of furniture costing $10 each cannot
be sold for more than $2 each, and
that $75 doors are well disposed of
at $40.
BAPTIST YOUNG PEOPLE'S
UXIOX ELECTS OFFICERS
Gay Arrested Second Time.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 15.— John H. Gav.
one of the wealthy men of this citv.
was arrested this evening on chars*
of assault with a deadly weapon upon
Ell Smith, a colored man. Gar was
arrested upon a like charsre several
months ago, but the c^ise was dis
missed. It Is now beinsr prosecuted
anew. Gay gave ball and was released.
TACOMA. Not. IB. — The sawmill of the a
P. Perry L«mber Company on Clear L»k«'
about three miles north of Tenlno ha* h»»^
destroyed by fir*. Los«. $23,000. '
lineman Badly Injured.
FRESNO, Nov. 15.— While at work,
on a telegraph pole near the Calwa
winery L. T. Ruiz came in contact with
a live wire and 1000 volts Dassed
through his body. Dr. A. B_ Cowan,
who Is attending him. says that Ruie»
condition is precarious.
Church Workers Assemble in Pasa
dena and Choose Their Leaders
for Ensnlnc Year.
PASADENA. Nov. 15.— The Baptist
Young People's Union In annual State
convention to-day elected Henry D-
Shultz. Los Angeles, president; Mrs.
Horace Overton, Glendale, first vice
president; Mrs. C. x J. Banks, Paso
Robles, second vice president; George
P. Cortner, Redlands, third vice presi
dent; Miss Agnes Stltt, San Diego,
fourth vice Miss Ethel
Blackburn, Alnambra. secretary; Wil
liam Clatworthy, Los Angeles, treas
urer.
It was decided to hold the next an
nual session at San Diego.
The Police and Fire Commissioners at
their meeting Friday are expected to
take steps looking toward a reorganiza
tion of the department. President Mc-
Elroy said to-day that he had plans In
hand" which he would probably present
to the board in an official wav.
It Is riot apparent now that Attorney
Loach's demand for further evidence
will be met.
Prosecuting Attorney A. P. Leach
made an official statement to-day con
cerning the failure to prosecute former
Sergeant of Police Charles E. Clark,
and difmlBsed Policemen C. W. Ham
erton, J. F. Stahl and Lee E. Andrews
en charges of tbeft, growing out of the
exposure of pllf ering among merchants
•tores. Leach declares flatly that with
out more evidence he cannot issue com
plaints. In explanation the prosecuting
attorney points out that no attempt
was made by the police authorities to
get evidence against the men that could
be used In court. .
In his statement of the situation.
lA'&c'h said:
A* yet no «rK5ence ha* b~n obtJLine^ '^'^
will warrant the issuance or complaints
at : «ani>t\£y police officer. The most essential
.£££ £*J?crtmln»l pro^cutien i. .ic .prove
it. commission of aa cfTense. the matter of
provmr the offender bein* only secondary.
In ih*» »«« I have a* yet been umW*
to locate one merchant who can say that on
or S SZ particular urn. any article .ueta
ac ha* t>e*a mentioned by any officer, la h ¦
statement to the chiel. wa» taken rroro his
T.ace oTU.lne.s. TO. article* uXta by these
officer, were «o ln»Hnlflca.nt and »o small .n
value that thev wer. not miesed by tn« own
•ra. The consequence 1. that with th. excep-
Soi ioMlStuot we h»ve abeolutely no
evidence a«aln»t theee effloer.. outside of the
•vatemeot. ~-*» by thetnaelvee aa to their
tn Th2£ r Vatetnent« were obtained by the
Chle' acfl the cartatna without a thou*ht or
criminal proaecutlon. but with the eole purpose
of ctrttlaT ** the bottom of the matter and
with a Tie* of ridding th. department of all
ilahoneet offices*. Having no knowleige a?
to lust what they had done, and hav.ng re
vive.; no r»s>ort» from merchant* a* to any
¦rtloles •totoa. they were compelled to resort
to promise*, as well as to threats in order to
induce the »-Jsp«Jted men to tell the truth.
Tb. exception to which I have just reierred
1* th. ca*. of th* pot of paint, which It is al
leged w»a taken from the Cuswell Taint Com
pany But even In that case I have been in
formed that Mr. Buswell cannot swear that
the pot of paint was taken from his. place of
tuslnee* at that time.
By the way. the taking °- that paint led to
the discovery of the peculations of the offloers.
The pot cf paint was taken on the nlrht of
October 18. The officer who Is supposed to
have taken It tu «een to place some article
in the doorway of the Blake & MofHtt build
in* After he had l»ft the premises Investi
gation developed the fact that the paint was
tn the doorway where he had been Been. This
matter was reported to Sergeant Lynch, who.
in turn, reported It to Chief Hod K ktn». result
ing 1n the lnve«t!fr*tlon* and the confessions
of the officer*.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 15.
Despite the fact that the old miracle
play of Professor C. M. Gayley's is to
be produced indoors to-morrow instead
of on the stage of the spacious Greek
Theater at the university, there has
been no diminution of interest in the
production nor any cessation of de
mand for tickets. Had the skies re
mained clear and the sun shone as
usual the Greek Theater would have
been used /ind Ben Greet's company of
English players would once again have
made that place resound with their
sonorous voices, this time in "The Star
of Bethlehem" instead of "Hamlet" or
"Everyman." Harmon Gymnasium is
to be the scene of the production of the
miracle play. .Two performances are
on the programme, one for the after
noon and the other for. the evening of
to-morrow. Rehearsals of the ' play
vere held there to-day by Ben Greet
and his company. They are enthusi
astic .over the lines and the possibilities
for picturesque effects in the situations
devised by Professor Gayley. Their
enthusiasm is shared by Mr. Greet,
who has arranged to give productions
of "The Star of Bethlehem" through
out California, following its Initial pre
sentation at the university.
Berkeley .Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 16.
Deserted by a husband ' who had
abandoned her after a few 'weeks of
married life. Bessie Bash" Howell was
granted a divorce to-day from Gardi
ner Howell, a young man whom she
met on a train and was urged to accept
by her mother, who believes In love-at
flrst-sight marriages. The young di
vorcee is not yet 21 years of age.
: Gardiner pretended to be a million
aire and for a Bhort time lived up to
his pretensions. He deposited a check
for a large sum to the. credit of. his
prospective bride at a Berkeley bank
and a few days later they were mar
ried. The check proved to be bogus.
Gardiner proved to be addicted to the
use of morphine and was detected
stealing a box of the drug at a store in
Lorin. In order to escape punisnment
for his offense he ran away.
Gerda Taft, who was granted an in
terlocutory decree of divorce from An
son C. Taft a year ago, was given a
final decree to-day on the ground of
neglect and desertion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Coll,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 15.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. — It devel
oped to-day that more than half of
the senior class of the University of
California is involved In the alterca
tion with Captain J. T. Nance, mili
tary instructor, over his order to the
students to march with dignity Into
his classroom. For disobeying orders
Captain Nance has informed the se
niors that unless satisfactory explana
tion Is made offenders will be dropped
from this class, and that means that
they will get no degree's, for President
Wheeler has declared that , Captain
Nance, representing the United
States Government, must be obeyed.
Sixty-three seniors are concerned
in the flghL Their names were made
public to-day for the first time. Cap
tain Nance's official list, coming di
rect from his office, gives the names
as follows:
D. & Adams, O. S. Adams. M. B. Badt, W.
F. Baroes. J. R. Cahlll, E. Cebrian. C. L..
Crerwder, J. 1^. Dobbins. L. A. Glarnbonl, E.
A. Gibbi. R. M. Gilscn. W. T. Hale, C. L.
Harcrave. J. L. Harris, H. M. HlckB, O. C.
Hill, C. B. Uopklns. F. J. Joubcrt, C. E. K«l
sfy, J. J. LJvesey, H. B. Lyon, M. E. Marka,
H. Ma»h«ll, J. H.' Morln. L. E. Morris. J. S.
Mullen. C. A. K>whall. W. A. Newman, B. 8.
Norton, B. H. Painter. B. O. Pickard. R. C.
Powell. J. P. Prendergaat. B. W. Ramtaur, S.
Raney. M. J. Samuels. W. A. Schmidt. G. F.
Schultz, K. W. Ehay, H. H. Sherman Jr., C.
A. Shuey. F. TV. Small, J. G. Smith. E. J.
Snow, H. E. Squire. W. J. Eteel, E. K. Strong
Jr., A. C. Thode, O. Tlnneman, Van Bokelen,
J. F. von Loben Bels. A. P. Wa«n*r, B. R.
Captain Nance is now preparing a
report to the university authorities.
It is believed that, in accordance with,
his attitude taken at the beginning of
the affair and maintained since, he
will recommend the dropping from
his class of nearly all the sixty-three
students who failed to give him satis
factory explanation of their conduct.
Captain Nance said to-day: "I have
nothing to say now about the matter,
but when all is settled the the news
papers will get the story In official
shape."
Captain Nance said: "Give me the
names of the men who prevented
you." The men regarded this as an
attempt to make them "peach" on
their comrades and refused.
The men made answer yesterday
in person to the charges preferred
against them by Captain Nance.
Nearly all said they were prevented
obeying the order of Captain. Nance
by those who composed the mob of
riotous students on the campus on
that famous day.
W»Jk«r, A. J. Warren, J. "W. Welty. A. TV«p-
P«r, B. O. Wetrel A.. P. WhJt«, B. E>. White,
J. O. White, W. W. Whltton, O. A. Wltle, R.
C. Woodburn, C. W. Toun«b«rr.
In ths list is J. G. White, president
of the College Young Men's Christian
Association; W. T. Hale, editor-in
chief of the University daily, The
Calif ornian; Mervyn J. Samuels,
business manager of the Pelican, and
others who lead in student affairs.
Ben Greet's Actors to Be
Seen in the Production
of "Star of Bethlehem"
Great Rivers to Be Used to
Furnish New Avenues of
Transportation in Empire
Officials' Efforts Go , Only
to Force Alleged Pil
ferers Out of Department
Bessie Bash Howell Finds
j to Her Sorrow All That
Glitters Is Not Gold
ENGLISH IDEA EEVIVED
Must Tell Why They Did Not Obey
When Commander Ordered.
HIS WEALTH MYTHICAL
DIET CHANGES COURSE
Seniors Are Cited to Appear
Miracle Play Arranged for
Indoor Performance by
Professor C. M. Gayley
NO COMPLAINTS ISSUE
Prosecuting Attorney Says
There Is Xo Case Against
the Disgraced Policemen
Bride of a Few Days Free
From Stranger Whom She
Married on Short Notice
Some of the Emperor's Pet
Projects, Eejected Befpre,
Will Be Put in Operation
CAPTAIN NANCE HAS THEM
ON HIS CLASSROOM LIST
IS NOT GIVEN
THE EVIDENCE
UNIQUE DRAMA
aT UNIVERSITY
MORE CANALS
FOR GERMANY
DESERTED WIFE
GETS DIVORCE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL, WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
or
Stomach Diseases
MEANS :
Discard Injurious Drugs
use ""; i j
A Harmless Powerful Germidde
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to r*y postage
on Fu$ Trial Bottlt. Sold by leading
druggists.
NOT aCNVIRC WITHOUT WT SiaMATURCI
C1O PRINCE ST.. NEW YORK.
«rm ro« r on booki i t on Rational Tmatmht
ADVEItTISE>IENTS.
"¦¦' ¦" *™ ' ¦" Us w llDOUt Culldrgjj * it
fs\ mm mm mm * S er na * Ur e to lovo
OW Ijflv mmm JEv Em d^r mU Am9 mmmm Smm my^^^Ty ft* jfl f/N 1 ,-, -
per. The critical orfeal tbnrii which tb. expectanYSolkr mil
pass, however, is so fraught with daad, pain, snfferino Zi j
that the very thought of it fiU. her wM? .pfflSL "dtrf^
There is no necessity for the reproduction of Hf e to be- #.?»* • c ,
or dangerous The use of Mot£er-S Friend so £££ fc^Sifa
the coming event that it is safely passed without an? dalger
great and wonderful • **«*« b cx. inu
of women through ;-:._
the trying crisis without suffering. B^^ & m
Sf nd for f;?a book containing Information Sb i&Q E2 dPtek IMEfc 49t/f
« priceless Talce to all expectant mother*. Jjf MB MSm BmBi Hf KM mTwJ
The Bradfield fogulatsr C** Atlanta, fia. SI U MS §3 &&/
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1010 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 539.
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
'¦ , A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
¦ Flour on the Market.
Every . Detail i of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From
. "FIELD , TO FAMILY."
Free With f Every rimall Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.Hull Fishermen Deny Statements
Made by the Russians.
HULL. Nov. 15.— The inquiry which
Great Britain conducts on her behalf
into the North Sea affair opened to
day. It is being conducted by Vice Ad
miral Bridge and Butler Appinwall,
whrrse report will form the basis of the
liritish rase before the international
<-omrnis*ion in Paris.
The testimony of the fishing crews
w-as-4aken to-day. It developed nothing
that has not already been forecast in
the press, except that one or more of
the trawlers started to flee when the
foremost Russian ships fired blank
Khcts. and that when they ignored the
warning to stop eolld snot was used
This might explain, but. in the British
view, does not justify, the attack upon
th* trawler fleet.
There was nothing in the evidence to
bear out the Russian claim that the
Baltic fleet was attacked by torpedo
boats, and the witnesses asserted that
the fishing vessels carried neither con
traband nor arms. It was claimed that
their craft was too small to permit '
There was a, marked falling off in
the demand for Japanese bonds at
the Nevada Bank yesterday. The
amount subscribed during the day was
$202,400. The sum secured Monday
was $919,100. The total loan for
which application has been made in
San Francisco is $1,121,500.
The people who subscribed yester
day numbered 107 and all of these
loans were for comparatively small
amounts. It Is expected that the en
tire $60,000,000 which the Japanese
Government wishes to borrow will be
slightly oversubscribed, as the bonds
are offered in London and New York
as well as In this city. The first loan
proved more popular, although it was
sought on less advantageous terms.
President Hellman of the Nevada
Bank says : that he thinks San Fran
cisco has done very well in subscribing
for more than a million dollars* worth
of the securities in two days. It Is
believed that the requisite amount will
have been secured by the end of to
day, an intimation to that -ffect
having reached here last night.
LONDON, Nov. 15. — Subscriptions
to the Japanese loan were closed at
noon to-day. It is stated that the
bids for the $30,000,000 in bonds
offered in L*ondon aggregate
S300.000.000.
Subscriptions for Second Day Amount
to a Little Over Two Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
DEMAND FOR JAPANESE
BONDS SHOWS DECREASE
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 15. — The
Canadian Pacific Steamship Company's
steamer Athenian, formerly a United
States Government transport, it is re
ported, sailed from here Sunday with
a contraband cargo for the Japanese
Government According to the Infor
mation received the vessel is carry
ing a shipment of 300 tons of cotton
for the Government arsenal at Tokio.
Fears are entertained for the vessel's
safety, as Russian agents have advised
the St. Petersburg authorities of the
nature of the Athenian's cargo.
Vessel Leaves Vancouver With Cotton
for the Mikado.
CONTRABAND FOR JAPAN.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE THIRD
JAPANESE ARMY. BEFORE PORT
ARTHUR. Nov. 15.— It is reported that
a wound received by General Stoessel
has necessitated his confinement In a
hospital; that he refuses to relinquish
the command of the garrison and that
he has issued orders to the troops to
die at their posts rather than surren
der.
It is said that the spirit of the Rus
sian troops has been dampened by con
tinuous work, the lack of supplies and
the hopelessness of their ability to
Port Arthur Commander's Wound Is
Said to Be Serious.
Foreign Minister Delcasse called at
the Russian embassy to express his
condolence with the family.
Lieutenant Nelidoff commanded
the hospital ship Orel, attached to
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's fleet.
The ship was fitted out in France un
der the personal supervision of Mme.
Nelidoff and largely through contri
butions from French sympathizers
with Russia. This morning Admiral
Rojestvensky telegraphed to Mme.
Nelidoff, thanking her for her efforts
for the equipment of the Orel and later
h<- telegraphed the tragic news of the
death of her son.
PARIS, Nov. 15. — The Foreign Of
fice was informed to-day from Dakar*
on the extreme point of Cape Verde,
of the death of Lieutenant Nelldoff.
son of the Russian Embassador at
Paris.
Death of the Commander of tho Hos
pital Ship Orel.
STOESSEL IX HOSPITAL.
several instrumental solos. The enter
tainment will conclude with a comediet
ta, in which Mrs. de Lasaux, William
Ogilvie and Miss Mae O'Keefe will play.
The entire proceeds of the affair will
be turned over to the McKinnon memo
rial fund. Seats are on sale at Sher
man & Clay's music store, general ad
mission 50 cents, reserved seats 75 cents.
age. was to-day quarantined. He also
was constantly with Garfleld.
The Washington Board of Health
took up the case to-night and fumigat
ed the Bureau of Corporations.
Garfleld played tennis with Mr.
Roosevelt this afternoon, not having
been Informed that the smallpox cases
were in the bureau.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 15. — The County Board of
Supervisors this afternoon appointed O. W.
Jorres as County Assessor to succeed J. D.
Ru?h. who died in office a few weeks ago.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— President
Roosevelt has been indirectly exposed
to smallpox. The disease broke out in
the Bureau of Corporations, of which
Garfleld was the head. Burr J. Ram
age, an attorney in the bureau, was
taken to the pesthouse yesterday with
a marked case of smallpox. During the
last week he was in constant communi
cation with Garfleld. and during that
time Garfleld has three times been with
the President.
Ramage for a week complained of
feeling ill. Yesterday he summoned a
physician, who pronounced it a bad
case of smallpox.
Another clerk in the bureau, who
boards* at the same place with Ram-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
We are agents for "Winsor & Newton,
makers of the best artist materials la
the world. New stock of -pyrography
goods and new things to burn. Saaborn.
Vail & Co., "41 Market street. •_
Artists* Materials.
$3.00 Round Trip, Saturday to Mon
day.
. The abov« low rate affords a splendid chanc«
to visit one of California's greatest Winter re
sorts. Pleasure is king at Santa Cruz, and
social clubs and other organizations will find It
an Ideal place at which to spend the end of
the week. Military Land cencerts Saturdays
and tfundsys on the beach, mammoth casino,
pleabure pier, boating. Ashing and hot salt
water plunge bath*. Beautiful drives along
the beach or among trtes and flowers and a de
lightful cllmats, sunshiny and warm. Tickets
on sale. Saturday at Third and Townsend sts.
depot cr 61S Market st., Southern Pacific
office! *
EXCURSION TO SANTA CRUZ.
President Eoosevelt Is Indi
rectly Exposed to an At
tack by Smallpox Germs
EMBASSADOR I^OSES SON.
Russian spies who have surrendered
report that the rations have been re
duced and tho wounded are greatly
emaciated. The shells for the artillery,
partly filled with wood, do not explode,
which shows that the Russians are
short of ammunition for their heavy
guns.
The capture of the eastern fortified
ridges will mean their surrender with
in a couple of weeks unless the gar
rison repairs to isolated forts. This is
impossible during cold weather, while
the lack of food and ammunition ren
ders a desperate resistance unlikely.
make any successful defense of the
fortress. It is said further that many
of the Russian soldiers are ready to
surrender, but that thev are kept at
their posts by officers, who threaten
them with revolvers, and that several
soldiers, who were suspected of a de
sire to desert, have been shot as a
warning to other would be deserters.
The Japanese now believe that the
garrison has almost reached the limit
of human endurance.
PEKING. Nov. 15. — Wn Ting Fang.
former Chinese Minister to the United
States, is prominent among those to
whom the Dowager Empress has dis
tributed honors in celebration of her
birthday. The honor conferred upon
the former Minister consists of per
mission to ride horseback in the For
bidden City, a privilege rarely granted.
Special Honor Conferred Upon Wn
Tine Fans by the Dowacer
Empress.
Following are some of the stars on
the programme: William O'Brien,
tenor solo; Miss Mangan, mezzo-so
prano solo: Miss Minnie Christen, con-*
tralto solo: Miss Carrick, piano solo;
Mrs. Fitzslmmons, harp solo; Herr
Bromberger, cornet solo.
Besides these there will be two special
ties by well known professionals and
The general will tell how the brave
chaplain followed the boys over the
rice paddies under a hail of Mauser
bullets; h/>w he starved and- suffered
with them and how he braved the
cholera arid smallpox to comfort the
dying.
Judge Frank Murasky will introduce
General MacArthur and will act as
chairman of the evening. An excep
tionally fine aggregation of talent will
furnish the rest of the entertainment.
Signor Avendano, late of the Tivoli
grand -opera troupe, has cheerfully vol
unteered to sing some of his best arias.
A benefit will be giv^n at the Alham
bra Theater to-morrow evening to help
swell the McKinnon memorial fund.
One of the features of the affair will be
a eulogy on the work and character of
the dead chaplain by General MacAr
thur. The general knew the former
chaplain during troublous times in the
Philippines and like every member of
the Eighth Army Corps admired and
loved him.
FACES DANGER
OF CONTAGION
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 15. — A dis
patch from Mazatlan, Mexico, says
that the schooner Napoleon, which
left that port on September 17 bound
for Lapaz, Lower California, was lost
In a storm. The captain, N. M. Savin,
a son of the owner of the vessel, and
the crew were drowned.
The Napoleon Goes Down on Her Way
From Mazatlon to Lower
California.
The Russians have been considerate
in their treatment of the dead Jap
anese warriors. This recognition by
both sides of the benevolent care of
the dead still further marks the aban
donment of primitive practices in war
fare.
This humane practice, which was
initiated by the Japanese and which
apparently was calculated to secure
consideration for their dead, has "met
with applause from the Russian army
and undoubtedly will be imitated
whenever the Russians are in posses
sion of the field over which a battle
has been fought.
MUKDEN, Monday, Nov. 14. — The
Manchurian Army Vestnik, published
under the sanction 'of the Russian of
ficials and the only newspaper printed
at the theater of war. gives details of
the' scrupulous care shown by the Jap
anese for the relics and other effects
of the Russian dead found on the bat
tlefield and tells how the Japanese
have forwarded such effects to St.
Petersburg. The paper highly com
mends this action and announces that
General Kuropatkin recommends that
all his commanders shall observe a
similar practice regarding the Jap
anese dead.
tion for Dead Foenien.
Japanese Set Example In Considera-
31AY NOW RIDE HORSEBACK
IN THE FORBIDDEN CITY
TALEXTBD SINGER WHO WILL BE
HEARD AT THE McKINNON MEMO
RIAL BENEFIT TO-MORROW NIGHT.
CAPTAIN AND HIS CREW
LOST WITH SCHOONER
BRITISH NORTH SEA INQUIRY.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— The Dally Tele
graph's correspondent with the Jap
anese army before Port Arthur, de
scribing the attack of the Japanese on
the eastern fortified ridges on October
30, rays:
"The terrific and continuous bom
bardment, night and day, from October
?" to October SO, culminated In a won
<5erful artillery practice, quite beyond
description. With appalling rapidity
countless bursting shells mingled their
smoke into a dense, oscillating mass of
vapor, laden with earth and gleaming
with flashes of fire, the climax being
reached at 1 o'clock with a tremendous
fire of shrapnel across the broken
breastworks of the fortresses.
"Suddenly every gun ceased firing
and the Japanese infantry rushed out
from their parallels before the hills had
ceased reverberating with the thunder
of the cannonade from seven separate
quarters against the Rihlung, Keekwan
and Panlung fortified ridges. The at
tack was simultaneously developed
without a single premonitory feint,
fully 4000 troops dashing out pellmell
•.vith fixed bayonets, waving standards
and rending the air with shouts of
iianrai!' "
The correspondent details how the
various Japanese attacks were checked
by the big moats and the terrible Rus
sian fire, which rapidly depleted their
ranks, notwithstanding a clever cover
ing fire of Japanese artillery, and ,
ea ys : ;
"It -was moit remarkable, even in- I
credible, but fully substantiating the |
eunr.ises of their ability to withstand i
the fire of the heaviest Japanese ord- •
iiar.ee. how the Russians, despite the
previous bombardment, replied from
their fortress guns, although over 1S00
500-pound shells had been fired that
day. not counting thousands of smaller
projectiles. Before half an hour had
elapsed and after losing 600 men, the
Japanese abandoned the attack against
the south Keekwan fort.
"By 4 o'clock the Japanese fire dimin
ished in intensity and the assaults
ceased shortly before sunset, when fire'
broke out Sn the new town of Port Ar
thur; and at nightfall the Japanese
opened a shranr.el fire on the eastern
rfdge to cover the retirement cf their
isolated assaulters, whose situation
was critical between the east and the
pouth Keekwan forts. The total Jap
anese casualties exceeded 2000.
"Although the assaults failed in the
capture of the main objective they ab
solutely unmasked the eastern Russian
positions ar.d their strength. The cas
ualties are relatively small, for al
though seven regimtnts were engaged,
not half the troops issued from the
parallels, owing to the attacks being so
Fkillfully manipulated and finally ceas
ing. For strength the Russian propo-
Fition was unassaultable, and it would
have been useless to endanger double
the force and incur double the casual
ty in the same assault.
"Aftef dusk the Russians sortied and
recovered the ground lost between the
south and the east Keekwan forts.
They recovered the fort at 10 o'clock in
the evening, but General Ichinoye gal
lantly restormed the hill and. despite
250 casualties, expelled the Russians by
sheer dash and courage. Indeed, his
Personality won the hill for the Jap
anese.
"After having captured the capon
ieres (covered galleries) of the East
Keekwan forts, the Japanese engaged
in a bloody fight in the underground
passage, slowly winning the vitals of
the forts inch by inch, despite the
bombs and mountain guns of the Rus
sians defending the casemates. On
November 6 the central and fort sec
tions of the caponieres were gained.
The work, however, is progressing
tlowly, owing to the nature of the
ground."
The Daily Telegraph's Chetu corre
sponder^ g'ves rumors of renewed
Japanese attacks on Port Arthur with
15.000 troops between .November 2 and
€. with 1200 casualties. The Daily Tel
egraph, however, does not credit these
rumors, because of evidence that the
foregoing dispatch was filed on Novem
ber 6 or later. November 6 still re
rr.ains the latest dat^ of reliable news
from Port Arthur. -
Fall at Port Arthur.
More Than Tiro Thousand Japanese
AWFUL COST OF ASSAULT.
HUMANITY ON BATTLEFIELD.
CHAXSIANTUN, Manchuria, Gen
eral Kuropatkin's Headquarters, Nov.
IT.. — A Japanese advance is daily ex- |
pected. Large masses of their troops
are moving eastward and the Russians
are expecting them to strike at their
left flank.
An attack upon the fortified village
of Endowuniulu, not far from Sinchin- j
pu. two miles west of the Shakhe Rail- '
road station, and fronting the right '¦
flank of the Seventeenth Corps, was
carried out brilliantly during the night
of November 10 by the Second Brigade
of the Thirty-flfth Infantry division.
The village had been captured the
same morning by the Japanese. Sub
sequently the Russians abandoned the
place.
At nightfall the brigade silently
marched out and deployed. Four bat
talions were detached for the attack
and several companies of riflemen were
ordered to move from the right, left
and rear of the village. The men were
told not to fire, but to charge with the
bayonet. Two battalions were left in
reserve with eight guns.
A simultaneous advance was begun at*
10 o'clock at night. The assailants hur
ried forward and encountered a deep
ravine, which they crossed. They then
rushed on the village. Not a shot was
fired. The Japanese were completely
surprised, while sitting in the streets
and huts, eating their suppers. They
lied before the bayonets.
As soon as the Russians occupied the
village they brought up a battery. The
Japanese tried to recapture the place at
break of day, but were repulsed. The
Russians, however, were compelled
later to abandon Endowuniulu as the
retirement of the third division ex
posed them to a flank attack.
Jnpanese Will Strike at Kuropatkln's
Left Wins.
"Nan's" trial was to-day postponed
until to-morrow. She looked healthy
and appeared graceful and easy in
court to-day.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— Snapshot
photographs of J. ¦ Morgan Smith will
be introduced in evidence at the trial
of "Nan" Randolph Patterson, his sis
ter-in-law, for the murder of "Caesar"
Young, which will begin in the crimi
nal branch of the Supreme Court to
morrow morning to determine whether
he is the man who bought the revolver
with which the bookmaker was killed.
Assistant District Attorney Rand, who
will represent the people at the trial,
regards the identity of the purchaser
of the revolver as one of the most vital
points in the case. If he . can prove
that it was bought by "Nan" Patter
son, or by any relative or close friend
of the accused, his chain of circum
stantial evidence will be complete.
Stern, the pawnbroker* who sold a
revolver to a man accompanied by a
younar woman on the morning before
Young was killed, says he can identify
both if they are brought before him.
He has already declared that "Nan"
Patterson was not the woman.
He was taken to the District Attor
ney's office shortly before "Nan" Pat
terson was indicted for murder , and
there saw J. Morgan Smith. Smith
was Immediately subpenaed to appear
before the Orand Jury, but the .next
day he disappeared and the prosecution
has not been able to locate him.
Confronted by this obstacle, Rand to
day executed a flank movement on the
defense. Messengers from the District
Attorney's office were sent scurrying
about town, looking for recent photo
graphs, preferably snapshots, of J.
Morgan Smith. It is understood that
several excellent likenesses were se
cured.
MASSLXG FOR FLANK ATTACK-
to take torpedo tubes aboard and op
erate them.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
The cajnain of the Chines© cruiser
Haiyung was the first person to gt> on
board of the Ratstoropny. He he!d a
brief conference with her commander,
after which the Ratstoropny came fur
ther into the stream and anchored In
the same spot that the destroyer Rye
ehitelni occupied last August before
slie was cut out by the Japanese.
There is evidence that the Ratstorop
ny will disarm here only as a last re
sort. It is believed that she hopes to
elude the Japanese destroyers, which
pursued her to Chefu.
The Ratstoropny brought a number
of copies ot the Nova Krai, a Port Ar
thur newspaper. In one of the Issues
it Is slated that while a Japanese de
stroyer was laying mines on November
II she was surpnsced by the battleship
Retvlzan and sunk.
CHEFU. Nov. 16. 8:20 a. m.— The
Russian torpedo-boat destroyer Rats
toropny put into this harbor this morn-
Ing. Firing was heard a half hour be
fore she entered the harbor. A snow-
Ftcrm and & high wind was prevailing
at the time and it is believed that the
Russian vessel, under cover of the
6tonn, had attempted to escape from
Port Arthur.
Photographs of Fugitive
Will Play an Important
Part in the Proceedings
Japanese TbrpedoBoat Destroyers
Unsuccessfully Pursue the
Fugitive Slav Craft.
TRIAL /TO BEGIN TO-DAY
Prosecution in "Nan" Patter
son Case Cannot Locate
' Erstwhile San Franciscan
RUSSIAN WAR VESSEL ESCAPES
FROM PORT ARTHUR AND FINDS
TEMPORARY REFUGE AT CHEFU
MORGAN SMITH
YET IN HIDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1904.
Speakers to Tell of. Father McKinnon's Life
EULOGIZE BELOVED PRIEST
7
PRAGERS ¦
Highest "Quality" and Unexcelled
Service Is Building Our Reputa-
tion for Groceries and Liquors
(Fourth Floor)
Only the most dependable goods are sold over our counter*. W«
aim to give the best quality for the very least money. A complete
service of delivery wagons insures prompt receipt of all goods
bought. Orders will be received over our Telephone Private. Ex-
change .606, and filled carefully and satisfactorily.
Groceries Liquors
BakinrPowdtr — Tower Brand — pure Cl*r«t— "Prasers R«Ilabl«" — B
cream tartar and baking •!«« year-* old — gallon ....«** -w
soda— 1-lb. tin OUC
Butter — Firkin Creamery — r Yarmouth — P. C Rossi — Cl flO
sold by the lb.— per lb » 1C best Italian — 8 bottles.. H> * «W
Pineapple— Extra Hawaiian — sliced
— finest goods packed — tin 1Q r Cryitalllsad Book and B y a —".5Se
* v £. G . Lyon's best— bottle. . J J g
Him— Klngan's sliced — boile<O£f»
pound *¦«** Bourbon — Old »rid« — «2 ftQ
Tomatoes— Index Brand — best ff r straight goods — gallon.. H**'»v»w
standard — tin * w
Jams and Jellies — Home-made — Bourbon or Bye— Old Crow — 10
Tower Brand— all varieties «- years old— worth $».O8 Cj. f\f\
—3 glasses JC a gallon— special at. ... 3>*». W
Great Towel Specials China and Glassware
(Main Floor) (Third Floor)
£arre Kuek Towels — Mads of a Cut Glass Salts and Peppers — Thesa
high-grade Mick; have soft finish. are very handsome; have sterling
are washed and ready for use, and silver tops and many pretty de-
are 20x40 inches in size; <tft~ signs to select from,
regular $1.50 a dozen; to- INC Thanksgiving special, a £3C
day. each •-T^T pair
Hemmed Itlnsn Towels— That have Cfclna Dessert Plates — Elite china
red border; these are good wear- plates — several choice dec- t rt_
able Towels and worth -1^1 orations; worth 65c to S*c; l±*jC
at least $2.00 a dozen; 1 /2C special at *'^
special, each Caka Stands — Polished Glass Caks
Heavy linen Towels — This is se- stands. 10 inches in dlam- #%p»
cured at a big saving and we are eter; rea i value 50c. /3C
thus enabled to make this excep- Thanksgiving sale price. ..
always* s°o7d Pr at e ' sSif'Wp O1 »" Saertet— Made °« beautifully
Si^-J n?«f,^ ?*,! «li*.« 1 Sr» dear ?l*tss; worth tf* f g\f\
£.«;», To-day the price IJ^ $1.25 a dozen. Thanks- M.NlJ
Is. each ... % giving offering t 1iVV
Great Sale of Neck Ruffe
(Main Floor) reduced for this Thanksgiving of-
A hundred Silk Pleated Chiffon *?eck fering to Be each.
Ruffs — The very swellest styles -¦ ¦ ¦ »»=»=—»
made this season. We are selling HnmP^nnn StntmCT^
them at half the price; some less «OIIH»pUI! OUllUlg*
than half. They come in black. These Suitings are in mottled
white, black and white and white grounds of navy, brown, green and
and black. pray, with hair line stripes. We-
Prices $2 50; now HI .19 nave an immense assortment for
Prices $5.00; now «1 .OS the holiday trade, and noth- *\'2
Prices $6.00; now 92.48 Ing Is better for children's ££C
Prices $3.50; now 8».O8 . wear. Our very low price V "
All the shopping inducements that have made this store popular are still here
AI>VKRTISEMCXTS.
327P4J1NS
3Irs. Chas/Evans ? 2301 Clin-
ton Are., Alameda, Wins
the .Harvard Piano That
Has Been on Exhibition in
the Show Windows of
the Wiley B. Allen Co.
A few weeks ago we published in the
dairy papers that a certain number had
been placed Inside a beautiful new
Harvard p5ano, and sealed: that any
one could send In the number of their
old piano or organ, and that the near-
est number to this sealed number would
receive, in even exchange for their old
one, the beautiful Harvard piano.
No. 32794 wins— the sealed number be-
NOW COMES SOMETHING NEW.
At the present time and up to January
1, we will conduct a CLEARANCE
SALE of pianos— fine high-grade pianos
-7-some used, some brand new but styles
discontinued, and others up-to-date In
every respect, will be wonderfully dis-
counted In price during this sale. The
golden opportunity to buy a good piano
is at hand. See us quickly about it
NOTICE THIS:— A coupon will be
plven to every piano buyer. A drawing
will be made at 11 o'clock New Year's
Eve. The lucky coupon holder will re-
ceive our check for whatever amount
may have been paid In cash on the
piano purchased by him. If only a $10
installment has been paid, the check
will be $10.00. If any one pays $1000
cash for one of our finest Art or Grand
pianos, our check will be made out for
$1000. Whatever money is paid in on a
piano between now and 11 o'clock on j
the evening of December 31 will be re-
funded to the lucky coupon holder.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.,
931-933 Market st., San Francisco'.
ADVEKTISEMEXTS. —
1^ The Wiley B. Allen Co. J s |
This is the 3d Day I Great Piano Sale = .' §
Have YOU Bought* One' of These Pianos? a |&
This is a great opportunity and the prices are unprece- ~ "* AN U
dented in comparison to the remarkably high character of = qJ YoUFOTOI
the instruments on sale. These pianos have been accus- — This is certainly the ¦__ . ,_, •
tomed to the best care, and our piano experts have put them in such good best opportunity re- . llrnCCj OT} lCl"ffl%5
condition that they will be serviceable for years to come. In fact, you cently presented to you . l«i ell A »*JV/\¥f
could not distinguish some of them from brand-new instruments. - tQ sec^ re a pianQ eq (, al _ I|j}3t 'Will OUIl I UU
We make the terms exceedingly convenient for you during this sale, v 1 ff _ n j a5 . a n » w 1 ¦ • •
requiring Sio.oo as first payment on almost any piano you wish. "^7 - b . , .. , •¦•" ™^^BOs^b»^
M ¦ ,. one, at almost nail the
jTTgirrjjj|rffi^^ ffifflm'ginifl"**^ style of new pianos at the lowest price ever quoted H
?:-¦/. here on a piano of equal merit. :::::: §|w
fa 1 Everett Baby Grand— (The make that 20 Beautiful New Pianos — Mahogany, 1 Wisner Parlor Grand— Mahogany bent rim
S Madame Nordica uses.) Mahogany case. Walnut and Oak Cases, double vc- case. Last one of the Mau- (?»rr»n \k
Mm Used only in concerts. We <[»/aa neered; ivory keys; ' practice pedals. vais stock. Regular price $1250. J^SSII *-|
dgggs have others like it for $900. •nll|lll Discontinued case designs, but hand- Now tyUW i'-A
llpK This one ™ some. Very reliably made. Never sold Everett — Mahogany case, discontinued i3
HJ i Chickering Baby Grand — Bought six for less than $300. No stool (fir A design. Last one of its kind and could Itf
||I months, used not at all. Ma- tf»T7r or cover free with this lot. not be duplicated. Been selling (MQ r ff
Eg hogany case. A rare bargain.. . Each w VIWV same kind for $600; this one !S^A^ Jvi
§9 .......:. .-Vvf .", 1 Wellington Upright — Mahog- $i + r offered WUU |v
|*j 1 Geo. Steck & Co. — Mahogany case, any case. Very slightly used. ]b|4*\ 3 Simplex Piano Players — New, ebonized jfjj
jrjM apartment size; brand new. d^^JT Regular price $300. Now " w cases. One of the best play- (M^T f«
fcSr Never sold for less than $500. * Ludwig & Co. — Art case. Model for ers on the market. Price $250. Al|») J ¦•'1
pl Now T <. * Pan-American Congress. Can- (t^/r Now .;. ..'. V* at/ J|
KS i 1 Chickering Fancy Case Square C^tJ no } be toltI fr . om new# (Don't J^Shn . We have hundreds of other excellent m,
s|1 Grand ... . ( »pOiJ f a ji to sce this.) Now ™ ww pianos at equally great reductions. M
n YOU MAY WIN A PRIZE On. December. 31st, at II o'clock, a check will be given to someone for all the money that has been \A
H '• 7 paid on any piano purchased in our warerooms at 931-933 Market Street, between November 15th and 0
|Fg the" closing hour of this sale— December 31st. Coupons will be issued, a drawing made, and the one holding the lucky coupon will imme-. jvj
raj diately receive our check for whatever money has. been paid on the piano purchased. If you have only paid $10.00 as first payment on the Iri
B; piano you will get $10.00. If you have paid $1000.00 for one of our fine art pianos or a Grand, you will get a check for $1000.00. ' We are ~Jm
Em going to'make a present of any money that may have been. paid on the piano to the lucky coupon holder. ty*FatheT— If you don't stop; your noise,
Til chastise you. /
Small Boy— Hum, putting on airs
bet it won't be nothin* but a common
lickinV
TOTOQ AMERICA.
SHE WOULD MURDER THEM.
Bobby— Say, pop, what are popular
songs? 4
Pop— The kind your sister doesn't try
to Bins.
Sleepy Ike— Hey there, Weary, what
cher doin* in dot water?
Weary— Dat doctor what gave
dese pills said I must take "em in
water.
SHOCKING!
A nobby two-pieced tailored street suit of brown serge,
trimmed with stitching. Brown velvet finishes the broad col
lar and the cuffs. A white shirt waist and fancy white vest are
worn:
S~^\ HANGES are proposed in game and fish laws that will appear
I . to the people as a monopoly in the interest of professional
»^"^ sportsmen. It is proposed to make the sale of any game
illegal, but to permit its killing. True, the bag is restricted more
than under the present law, but it is exclusive and the public is
shut out.' We think a far wiser measure and more agreeable to
public sentiment would be a law prohibiting all killing of game and
taking of trout for a term of years, treating everybody alike. If
this closed term be for five years, the conditions at its end would fix
the limitations upon the taking of game. Such a season of uninter
rupted increase of game would greatly increase our game birds and
animals, and give the gun and gunners a rest.
We know of no way in which a law permitting killing of game,
and denying its enjoyment to the general public, can be made to
seem right or be made popular. Preserves and exclusive privileges
are detested in every country where they exist. No doubt something
is to be said in their favor by those who propose the change, and
they should make themselves heard, if they have aught to say that
will bring to their aid the public opinion which will be found neces
sary to pass the law they propose.
It is believed that under the present law much slaughtered
game is spoiled unused. When a hunter kills three deer, as he is now
permitted to do, part of the venison may spoil. If he were per
mitted to expose and sell it in the market it would be saved and
consumed by those who desire that food and are now denied the
right to buy it. This would not be pot hunting, and use of the meat
would not increase the slaughter. We believe the people think the
present law is sufficiently exclusive, and that if there is to be any
change it should be to close the season for five years.
GAME AND FISH LAWS.
Copyright, 1904. by F. H. Sweet.
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
THE State Board of Health of Kentucky has passed a rule put
ting the plush seat of railroad cars under the ban because of
its possibilities as a nncrobe breeder. Another Eastern author
ity has attempted to condemn the public telephone as a fruitful
nesting place for disease germs. Barbers advertise antiseptic
shaves, haberdashers sell medicated hat bands, grocers advocate
germless breakfast foods. Is the world growing germ mad?
Not long ago Professor Alfred Rosenbach, a noted Berlin
scientist, published a book, "Physician Versus Bacteriologist," in
which he declared that if the bacteria mania is allowed to con
tinue its full sway the whole social order of things will be radically
changed, and for the worse. As it is, all of our sympathies for the
afflicted are put to rout at the first cry of contagion. Every one of
our instincts of brotherly or fatherly affection is blunted by the
fear of the ever-present bacillus. Those supposed to be thejJis
seminators of harmful disease germs are shunned as pariahs, despite
all bonds of family affection or social ties. Fear of infection is- un
dermining the whole fabric of social intercourse according to the
view of this German doctor. WxZ /
Recently a high French official from one of the islands of
Oceanica was turned back from this port because he was supposed
to be suffering from consumption, and- it was held by the Govern
ment officials that his passage across the continent would be a
menace to the lives of the people of the United States. Again, one
of the railroads of the West has provided special cars for suf
ferers from this malady and in these they must ride or not ride at
all. These two circumstances' alone instance the length to which
the microbe mania has warped human judgment and weakened
human sympathies. It is to be hoped that the inevitable reaction
that must follow this far swing of the pendulum will not be long
deferred.
THE MICROBE MANIA.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION.
For the first few days Ryland was
thoroughly interested in the novel
v/ork and was there when « school
opened and remained until it closed,
and by the time the novelty began to
You will design the schoolhouse — of
logs, you know— select the books and
make out a list of the apparatus neces
sary."
"But hold on," began MI6S Collin
wood, the merriment in her face
changing to sudden dismay.
"No, no," hurriedly, "it is absolutely
necessary. It is the— the examination,
you know — er, to take the place of it,
I mean. I have felt worried about the
school books, for, I never went to an
American~School, you know. . I couldn't
refuse, of course, for they -are all splen
did, hardworking people here, and it
would help~them! I thinkjve will make
a great success of it now."
"I hope so," faintly.
He looked at her keenly.
'Of course, I shall help you all I
can," he reassured her. "The first few
days I expect I had better even help
with the teaching. Some of the young
people can speak broken English and
some cannot speak English at all, and
most of them are only half civilized.
But I've been here several years and
understand them and they-all like me.
I think if I go to school with you a
while and tell them hunting 'stories,"
and perhaps take one of my half-wild
horses there for them to give exhibi
tions on and try to break It during
recess it might keep them more tract
able. But suppose we go over to the
Rikshons' now and arrange for your
accommodation."
One week later school commenced
on log benches and a desk under the
trees. Ryland_was there with an in
exhaustible store of hunting and ani
mal stories to bribe the scholars' at
tention and with a vicious .horse
fastened to one of the trees, which
was to be common out of
school hours.
IT is to be hoped that the State Grange will not permit the sub
ject of tax reform to lie dormant during the coming .session of
the Legislature. The people at the late election adopted the
amendment to the constitution which exempts about $40,000,000 of
personalty from taxation. As the exempted tax will fall upon
assessable property, it is highly necessary that a reformed system
shall properly distribute the existing and the added burden.
The proposition to raise the State tax entirely from corporations
and State licenses, exempting them from local taxation, and ex
empting realty and personalty from State taxation, has the merit of
being long past the experimental stage. In many of the larger and
older Eastern States it has been long in practice, and the results
have so justified it that neither corporations, State licensees nor
individual owners of personalty and realty would think of aban
doning it. It takes an afflicting friction out of local politics. ; It
saves the expense of the annual equalization of valuation and levy
between the counties, and puts an end to the annual, and often un
just, arraignment of the Board of Equalization.
That board has to enforce a valuation that will raise the
money required by the fixed expenses of the State and the extra
appropriations made by the Legislature. In doing this it must deal
with corporate valuations and county assessments. Naturally, the
counties want as much tax as possible put upon corporations, and
these want as much as possible put upon the counties. This
causes annual crimination and charges against the board of favor
ing corporations at the expense of the people. Under the system
proposed by the State Grange the amount of money to be raised
for support of the State government being known, the Board of
Equalization will have to deal with corporations and State licensees
only, much to its relief and to the ending of a great deal of friction.
" Such a change will put local expenditure of public money, and
local taxation to support it, on such a basis that expenditures will
be more economically made and better guarded. The corporations
and State licensees can be relied upon to do all the watching neces
sary to secure economy in the State government. Governor Pardec
has* more than once given out his opinion that this change should
be made, and it is not unlikely that he will deal with it in his an
nual message. It is purely a question of scientific taxation. No
one has any ax to grind in the matter. In Professor Plehn, of the
State University, the Legislature will find an expert on the whole
subject of taxation, whose statements of fact and conclusions of
science can be relied upon. This is a great public question. If the
coming session devote its whole time to it, and. produce a solution
in line with experience, productive of public economy and con
clusive of the friction that affects politics unfavorably to its morals,
it -will be amply justified.
The State is no longer a pioneer commonwealth. Its primitive
conditions are long past. Its wealth of all kinds is rapidly in
creasing. Its simple forms of property have been' replaced by
complexity. The duties of the Assessor are increased by the
multiplication of industries and the development of resources.
The garments that fitted its frontier conditions are a misfit now,
and should be cast off for those of ampler cut. All of these consid
erations have appealed to the State, Grange, representing the rural
population, and it has entered upon a reform campaign in a most
temperate and reasonable manner. The Legislature cannot afford
to ignore its appeal. Nor, do we believe, can the cities of the
State avoid" manifesting their interest in the subject. They have
every reason for supporting the grange in the discussion.
In the next Legislature are many strong men. It promises to
develop talent for the full discussion and proper conclusion of such
an issue as this. The knowledge that such a subject is" to come be
fore it will influence favorably the election of Speaker of the House
and the appointment of committees in both branches. .When
there* is nothing ahead for a session but small and routine matters
the organization is made according to their measure. But when
great matters like this one are in sight the measure of the organ
ization is controlled bv them.
believe I would know how to conduct
an examination. You see, it's like this.
The men out here are very busy people;
and, as I'm the only shiftless one, they
have a habit of loading all the offices
upon my shoulders. On second
thought," the relief on his face becom
ing complete, "I am glad you have ar
rived so early. These things naturally
fall into line with a teacher's duties.
Covers were laid for fourteen, and
the decorations were of pink carna
tions.
Besides Miss Reis and Mr. Huie
there were Miss Jewett. Miss Adele
Martel, Miss Charlotte' Hughes, Mis#
Miss Lillie Reis and Henry
Thompson Huie, who are to be mar
ried on Saturday, were the guests of
honor at a dinner given by Mr. and
Mrs. I. Lowenberg at the Palace, Ho
tel last evening.
Yesterday was a favored day for
luncheons, a charming one being given
by" Mrs. G. Frederick Kohl for Miss
Anita Harvey.
Pink was again in ascendency for
the decorations, and this, too. Is the
prevailing shade for table affairs.
Those who enjoyed with Miss Har
vey the hospitality of Mrs. Kohl were:
Miss Helen de Young, Miss Sallie
Maynard, Miss Marjorie Josselyn.
Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith, Miss
Christine Pomeroy, Miss Maud
Bourn, Miss Emily Wilson, MIsa
Charlotte Wilson. Miss Elena Robin
son, Miss Margaret Newhall and Miss
Helen Cheesebrough.
Miss Cornelia Campbell of Sausallto
will entertain Miss Caroline Merry of
Central America next Tuesday at tea.
• • • ?
• A five-hundred party will be given on
Thursday afternoon by Mrs. N. P. Cole
to the young ladies of Irving Institute.
Twenty or more of the pretty maids
will be in the receiving party, the af
fair to be held in Utopia Hall. .
Miss Bessie Ames will return to town
by Thanksgiving. She has been on an
extended European trip, though she is
at present in Chicago.
Miss Caroline Quinan, who has been a
much feted maid, will leave us bn No
vember 25. Before reaching her home
in South Africa, Miss Quinan will do
considerable sight-seeing through. Eu
rope, upon which tour she will be ac
companied by Miss Edith McDonald
and Miss Hess Pringle of Santa Rosa.
• • •
In the receiving party will be: Mrs.
Ernest Phillips-Wynne, Mrs. Edward
Pringle, Mrs. Fremont Older, Miss
Frances Jolliffe, Miss Grace Llewellyn
Jones, Miss Anna Holden. From 2 to 6
are the hours.
A collection of hia paintings will be
on view, among which, notably, are two
fine portraits; one of Miss Gertrude
Jolliffe, the other of Miss Grace Llewel
lyn Jones.
The affair, which will be one of
prominence, by reason of the - master
hand involved, is receiving the marked
approval of the following personages as
patrons and patronesses: Mrs. Emma
Shafter-Howard, Mrs. McKlttrick, Gen
eral Shafter, James D. Phelan, James
W. Byrne. ,
A genuine art-feast Is in store for the
lovers and patrons of the brush, among
whom are many of our society folk.
Matteo Sandona, artist and sculptor,
will be "at home" in his studio, Larkin
and Union streets, on Saturday after
noon, November 26.
They talked for half an hour longer,
making plans and discussing hopes;
then he noticed the bulk of unopened
letters in his pocket. He, took them
out. one by one, and read them, still
talking, and making comments on
what they contained. The last was
from the same solicitor as the first,
written two days later, but mailed in
time to reach the' same boat It read:
"The late Baronet's injuries, at first
thought slight, developed alarming
symptoms yesterday, and he died this
morning^ You succeed to the title.
Please come, at once."
She was Just closing the door when
he arrived, and something in her eyes
as she greeted him changed his in
tended brief farewell Into: "Suppose
we stop under the trees a little while.
Miss Collinwood. It is so pleasant
here now; and besides, I have some
thing I want to tell you."
"Under the trees" had been their
favorite talking place, and he found it
even more. difficult to speak the words
of farewell . there than he had at the
schoolhouse door. Several times he
forced them to his lips, but looking
into her eyes and listening • to her
voice he could not give them utter
ance. England and the three thou
sand pittance were slipping farther
and farther away, and America and
this girl beside him were becoming,
nearer and more indispensable. She
was telling him of some of her am
bitions and hopes, and the indomit
able courage was firing his own veins
and making simple what had before
seemed insurmountable. He had
thought this girl his dearest friend;
he now knew that she was infinitely
more, and in this land, or anywhere,
it would be easy to make a living for
the woman he loved. Suddenly he
reached out and took her hands in
his, strongly, and she did not resist.
"Miss Collinwood — Elinor." he said
steadily, "will you marry me?"
And she. after a moment of silence,
but not hesitation, answered quietly,
"Yes."
It was this that took him straight
to the schoolhouse. Miss Collinwood
was more to him than all else in
America, how much more he had not
realized until he decided to leave.
pall he had become even more thor
oughly Interested in the teacher.
Among ¦ his letters from England
two months or so later was one from
the family solicitors/ the opening
paragraph of which read: "It is our
painful duty to inform you of a tead
accident which befell your Cousin
Robert and the Baronet while testing
a new automobile. Robert was In
stantly killed and the* Baronet some
what injured. He is already better,
thanks to his rSbust constitution. This
makes you the heir and the^Baronet
directs that you dispose of any inter
ests you may have in America and
return home immediately. Robert's
allowance of £3000 a year will be
yours if you reside in England. We
may add that the Lady Ellen is stay-
Ing at the hall."
Ryland read the letter thoughtfully,
but on the whole with clearing face.
Only that morning he had received
an intimation that a, mortgage would
b<» foreclosed on his ranch unless the
interest be paid 'Immediately. That
would leave him practically penniless.
His natural bent was for quiet and
his books. He doubted if he could
make a living in America, or any
where for that matter. The only thing
was to return and accept the £3000,
and, incidentally, Lady Ellen.
Once decided, he thrust the rest of
the letters into his pocket and started
out to say good-by to his friends.
When something disagreeable was in
prospect the less" procrastination the
better.
The six dugouts and store in sight,
and a few more isolated dugouts be
low the horiaon, comprised Cattleborro,
dignified with a tri- weekly mail and
having Ryland, as the most literary
man of the community, and the recipi
ent of the bulk of the mail, its custo
dian.
As the wagon drew near he saw that
it contained a second occupant, and
presently that the second occupant was
; a woman. Then the wagon drew up
in front of the dugout and the woman
descended, disclosing herself to be
scarcely more than a girl, and such
a girl as Cattleboro had never seen
before. Ryland made a quick step
forward, the pleasure on his face min
gled with a good deal of wonder.
"Where can I find a hotel, sir? Is the
schoolhouse near? Will you be kind
enough to direct me to Mr. Ryland's?"
the girl asked, almost in a breath.
Ryland's wonder became sudden com
prehension.
"You are « Miss Collinwood?" he
"Well, suppose you step into the dug
out a moment I will get the mail and
then come in and explain. I am Mr.
Ryland."
, Outside the dugout was like the
others of the country; within the simi
larity faded. Skins and Indian blank
ets concealed the rough walls, and
there was a profusion of books and
periodicals. The girl's eyes flashed a
friendly recognition toward some of
the titles; then Ryland entered with a
little package of letters and papers
in his hand and with a troubled look
on his face.
"I'm sorry you didn't wait for me
to write again," he said. "The fact is
we haven't any schoolhouse yet. The
boys are busy rounding up and brand
ing their cattle Just now and so it's
been put off. And — er, there isn't a
hotel or boarding-house in the whole
country. The only thing I see is for
you to go to the Rikshons' dugout,
only a auarter of a mile from here.
I think they will be able to squeeze a
room for you; and they're good peo
ple, though Mrs. Rikshon cannot speak
a word of English. My idea was for
you to board with Stanley, but 'his
wife is East Just now and thev won't
move into their dugout under a month.
Why didn't you wait until I had some
thing definite to write?" pathetically.
The girl laughed.
"I suppose it was because I liked
your letter describing the country," she
replied. "I wanted to take a vacation,
and it occurred to me this would be
just the place. I could see the people
and get some Idea of what school du
ties are. You see, this is to be my first
attempt at teaching. As to the Rik
shons, I think we will get along very
nicely together.",
Ryland's face showed his relief.
"Then it will be all right," he de
clared. "I'll corral— call the men to
gether, and we'll put up a log school
house for you just as soon as their rush
work is over. We've already selected
a fine clump of trees to build under.
And in the meantime, if you wish, we
can arrange for you to teach the chil
dren out of doors, under the trees.
There will be no rains at this season."
"That will be delightful," she cried,
eagerly; "only," her face falling a lit
tle, "I haven't secured the position
"I give it to you now."
"Without examination?"
He looked embarrassed; then
laughed.
"Why, yes, I think I'd better. I don't
__ IXAND, younger son and only
f^ two removed from a title, stood
li^ in the doorway of his dugout
I \ and gazed across the prairie.
\ Ryland's gaze went idly along
fences and over his few scat
tering cattle, and then returned to the
object which had brought him to the
door — the mall wagon.
TAX REFORM.
Miss Alicia Dufficy, daughter of
Judge aiJd Mrs. M. C. Dufflcy of San
Rafael, was married yesterday to Dr.
David Friedlander of this city.
Xhe ceremony took place at the
groom's home on Jackson street.
The University Club will be the scene
of a' luncheon to-morrow given by Mrs.
Sidney Pringle and Miss Moore to sev
eral of their friends.
Mrs. Russell Wilson will entertain at
luncheon to-morrow in honor of her
daughter, Miss Charlotte Wilson.
Mrs. Robert N. Carson and Miss Car
son will be at home- to-day at 2S06 Van
Ness avenue.
¦ • ¦
To-morrow night tha promenade con
cert takes place at the Hopkins Insti
tute of Art. The fall exhibit promises
to be of unusual worth and this data
marks one of the season's society
events.
A. verr pretty luncheon was given
yesterday by Mrs. Francis J. Sullivan
in honor of Miss Alice Bacon.
The home at Van Ness avenue and
Washington street was attractively
decorated and the table, with pink
roses, was very charming. Eight guests
were entertained.
• • •
Mrs. Charles Deering entertained
twelve guests at luncheon yesterday
in her Broderick street home.
Yellow chrysanthemums and cand»
labra, shaded with the same color,
made a pretty and effective table dec
oration.
.-:•¦¦-.-•• •„
Ututenant Eugene R. West will soor*
laav- for his home In Virginia to re
cuperate after a long illness.
Mrs. Louis Sloss and Mrs. William
Kohl are at Paso Robles.
The wedding of Miss Evelyn Craig
and William Fattiaal took place last
avenlnff in Piedmont at 7:30.
It tL marriage ceremony only tha
family were present
Rev. Charles Brown of the Firs?
Congregational Church officiated Th*
bride gowned in white satin and car
ry in* lilies of the valley, was at-
Swly her sister. Miss Je^
CraUr whose gown was yellow. TTi«
£oim was served by Dr. Charles
GI H n ung within and all about were
branches of orange blossoms.
At 8-30 a reception was held ana
nearly a hundred ou*> arrived to
offer their congratulations. .
A unique dressing of the house
was at once very artistic, the draw
ing-room being made to resemble a
Sfest of redwoods.. The effect of
all this was extremely P™"*
Upon returning from a wedding trip
of a fortnight Mr. and Mrs. Pattiani
will live in Oakland.
WPl*n Bailey. Mr. and Mrs. Ernest
ftoSo^M? Jewett. Irving Moulton.
Alfred Ulienfeld. Henry -Tho^j
son, Albert J. Lowenberg. Mr. and
Mrs. I. LoWenberg.
BY SALLY SHARP-
BY FRANK H- SWEET.
THE SMART SET
NORTH AND SOUTH-A. M. I*.
City. What is generally known ad
Special information suDoliad *•!*• *
-sssExasasrLsy* 1 !
POSTAL CARDS— A. O. S.. City.
Postal cards were first used in Ger
many. On June 8, 1873, Congress au
thorized the issue of postal cards, and
the first were issued in May. 1873.' »
Higher latitude does not seem con
ducive to long life, as more people over
100 years old are found in mild climates
than in any other. According to the
last census of the German empire,, of a
population of 65,000,000 only seventy
eight have "passed the hundredth , year.
France, with a population : of 40,000,000,
has 213 centenarians. In Scotland there
are forty-six, Sweden has ten, Norway
twenty-three and Belgium flv*.
Centenarians of Different Nations.
.Telegraph Plant.
A peculiar East Indian tick trefoil,
which is a species of desmodlum. gets
its name from a queer electric disturb
ance traveling as a current of action
among Its leaves. Each leaf consists of
a large terminal leaflet and two smaller
lateral ones. These latter rise and fall
spontaneously like the arms of a sema
phore, "taking about three and a. "half
minutes for each complete revolution.
It may be easily cultivated in conserva
tories. '¦¦•'• •'. . • ¦ ..."¦,...
A London jeweler has made a collec
tion of ancient forks used in England,
which show some little known facts
about the table manners of a few cen
turies ago. The forkB, which are of solid
silver, date from the sixteenth century.
In many cases the designs in all this
time have scarcely varied in any detail
and the forks look like those which
might be bought to-day. The old forks
were a great luxury In their time and
wer» only used by the aristocracy.
Old Forks./
HOW SL.EEP THE BRAVE—Sub
scriber, City. The following lines:
How eleep the brave, who sink to rest.
By all their country's wUbes bleat!
are from an ode by "William Collins, a
brilliant lyric poet
Southern California is that portion of
the State south of the Tehachapl line in
n r *K < T ounty - ud Northern California
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
My mother takes me in her bed
When I'm afraid at night.
And holds me in her nice, safe arms
All warm and snug and tt*ht;
And says there's not a single thing
For little boys to fear,
In day or night, because there's God
Who's always very near.
I know he is • • • .but then, somehow
When It's so dark. . I do
Just love to hold my mother's hand,
-And hug and kiss her, too.
—Harper's Magazine.
There is rejoicing in the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Allen Paul of Houston and
physicians are marveling over the- cure
effected in the case of Katie Paul, who
had been afflicted with St. Vltus dance.
The child was taken to Galveston and
was required to take one bath a day in
the gulf, being wheeled into the water
In her chair, against her will.
At the end of a month of dally surf
bathing she was brought back to her
home completely, well.
Travelers from Arabia tell us of a
plant which prows there called the
laughing: plant on account of the pe
culiar property of Its seed. If these be
dried, ground to a powder and eaten
the effects arising therefrom are"simi
lar to those produced by the excessive
use of liquors. The consumer shouts,
laughs and performs wild antics for an
hour. Then exhaustion sets in and he
falls into a deep sleep, from which he
Wakens with no recollection • of his
strange performances.
SANCTUARY.
CURES ST. VITUS DANCE
A LAUGHING PLANT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN P. EPRECKKLS Proprietor
"" ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO '
JOHJf^lcXAUGHT -^- - Manager
PUBLICATION CFFICB r ... THIRD AND MARKET BTRKETS. BAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 16 t 1904
THE SUCCESSION
"MISS OOLLiIXWOOD — ELI
NOR," HE SAID STEADILY,
"WILJi YOU MARRY ME?"
8Tbe Jchn Brezner Coiasosy will
hold a. series cf everi=^ receptioia at
la Iarje establishment, 25 1-2 SI Geary
•rreet. Tie rece 5 tio=a will beri2
next Friday ntcfrt aid be ccntlrL^ed
in-is£riti»Iy. No sales inn be mad' 1
oa ttese occaaiona, th* pcrpoee or th.e
" a **^^X sinrply to grive the public
an op-pcrtiraity to inspect leiaurelv
what ia «ald to be th* "handaoniesx
furniture store ia the city."
In order that these aiTalra Day b*
niade pleasant «o=ie well known nssi
ciaia have been ensured to perrons
for the r=«sts- Followlns are some
cf those who arueax:
Hiss Kat# Coridon. contralto: Pro
fessor John 3iarqxaLrdt violinist: I* \.
Larsen, barytoiie ; the Knickerbocker
Quartet, orchestra under the direction
et Fred L Eppateia. Adstittaac* is
fcv ¦-¦_--•¦-- - -
Receptions Are to Be Held ax the Bfc^
Furnitttre Store Every
JOHN BKETXER COMPANY
WHX EXTEKTAEf 31AXY
?X th* last t-— -~r of ta« aodttr
ti.« fsr^Twtsy lut cf efficers w»« of
idally asnecrced ta act darjrg the
«=aui=^ y««x: T. C Lawsca. cresi
£*z.U Jamea C. Fyf s, Cat Tlce presi
des t; Douglas R, WUsoa. treasurer;
G«^ry» St. John Breraaer. recording
••cretary; Dr. T. L C. Barr. assistant
reccrdlr^ «ecretaTy; R. D. OolQuhoua.
financial secretary; Wllliana Carnie.
assistant fmascial aecretary; William
Fairgrie-re, librarian: Eanuel Irving.
Andrew 3£cNalr. William. Nlccl. R. T.
McBean, James S. Webster, trustees;
John M. Duncan. James Kay, Joseph
Gray, boarl cf relief; Dr. W. F- Mc-
Nstt. physician; Rev. Wllliana Kirk
Gcthrie, chap^ia.
The cr=zai barcuet d the SL Jm
dyer's Sedrzy win b« h«Ia 1= the Pal
ece Hc*rl ca Ei. Ar/rWi day, No
-«=ib«r $3- T- C Lttwwa wiU act «J
v»« trr_jur:er a=d Zssjzs will t ¦» re- i
t^e-s^Mi. to by Jcha SfcNaayfct aad |
ether well teo^rs epe&lcers. Dnriny j
the b*rx;u.et lively Ecctch airs will t* !
liscocr»»4 ace at ia ccncicaica all
wl^ adiotffri to ta« Anericaa room,
~h*r» win b« enjoyed to ths
r-^m.'-m c f a EeottUa orcaescra.
Afaer Basqcet aad Sptecbea mx Che
Palace Hotel Dnrytng Win
Be Enjoyed.
SCOTS lSTIX CELEBRATE
DAX OF PATEOX SAEST |
EuLHAGSS FOR DEATH.— LH2* "Wilson
yestarfay «ued thm Called EaUrcads far 13,
13S r>-> — .tf** tar th* deals of her hsabaad,
wiiJteb. she stars, rsstiltad from, lsinrtes r-ceived
oa October 21 by t»ts«- ran. ov«r 1st a car
of eae. S£ar!ret-stre*t T1t?<*, at Ifaaon and Ttrric.
Expel harmlessly, thro-o^ii the natural
channels, all impurities from the system
(cr circulation) with La3h's Bitters. •
Michael Carey, residing at 413
Eleventh street, was knocked dowa by
a McAllister street car at the cross
ing cf Jones and McAUistar streets
yesterday, receiving injuries about the
head and face and a possible frac
ture of the skuIL He was treated at
the Emergency Hospital by Dr. Plak-
Knocked Down by » Street Cto.
CALIFORNIA
CLUB DISCUSSES
THE JUVENILES
Picture Frames.
Our Eastern s«Iectioa of frames and
mouldings for fall trada now in. better
and more beautiful taaa ever before.
Sanfcom, Van & Co. ,~ - • « »
iTnch intgrest was maiaifested ia the
rccng man's ta3c and that cf Mrs. H
L. Baldwin, who gave a terse and in
telligent revlssr cf the Jzveril* Courts
cf th« East. _"
cne was op*n to censure for neglect cf
duty. az.d was liable ta arrest and fine.
Just as Ccnstable Jim was preparing
to call the derelict *o account, he
stepped suddenly, wheeled about and
exclaimed: "G«et I can't call that feller
down to-day. This's election day."
And thus d-scretioc aatMtxtffomS. duty,
even as in governments cf children cf
larger grewth.
"What Jaccb Riis Eas Doze as a Clt
iien. fcy Ed-xard V. E:is, was a dear,
¦unafTectsd. simple exposition cf the
Tcrk cf h^s father, whem the sea hen
?atly tdmlres ±z.£. he isn't afraid ta
w -~r ta
The California Club. Mrs. A. R. Cct
tcn prurient, held an interesting ses-
Bioo yesterday, when Dr. Dcrothea
S£< ore talked apoa "Success With Our
Boys," illustrative cf the manner of
ffovemiig ten tad lads ty permitting
them to govern i themselves. The stcry
was lighted ty seme cleverly told anec
dctes. cne cf which was as follows:
Elecucn day in the camp was at
hand and Jim, the constable, -was a can
didate fcr Mayer. 'Walking along the
model street, the lad observed that th*
raofcits had not been fed — surely nst
SUES FOR IN'SUKAXCR. — Jo&a. A. Eeda
ta«y«r yeatercay «ned to rsco«^r $1-5, CCO ea an
lssorasce policr tasued ia. liTO ty th* Ualca
Mntaal Li;« tiauraacs Ccnipaay ot Ma Vr.n. Tha
C0UC7 was taJtso. act b7 J^nfi3taa P_ Ea-i.i
meyer. wSa died Jammry 31 Last. ha*fcyc aaVS.
C19 oaser to die claintiS In. t;i.j caaa in, Txt
ceznb«r. 13-.3. ' Its copgnnr taj refused po.; r 
¦Bfc
Divorces were granted by Judge
Hcrasky to Leonie H. Kelsey from
Nicholas E. Kel3ey, failure to pro
vider Arthur Bryant against Bertha
Bryant, desertion; by Judge Slosa to
H. Kazariau from Lucy B. KaBirian.
desertion: byJudgre Graham to Kate
Lindner from Fred Lindner, neglect;
to E. A. Headersoa from Mary Hen
derson, desertion; by Judge Kerrigan
ta CaWn S. Smith from Littie Smith.
Mary E. KnanL who married Peter
Knaul In this city ta October, 1374,
yesterday 3ued hina fcr divorce en the
ground of ' desertion. " He left her
tare* years ago. Other suits for di
vorce were filed by Charles T. Reeve
against Mary E. Reeve, desertion:
Mary ' L. Hayes against Timothy
Hayes, cruelty; Grace D. Wilder
against Eugene T. WUdsr, desertion.
Carrie May Duke was granted a di
vorce from Captain of Police TTjomas
S. Duke by Judge Hsbbard yesterday.
JJesertioa was the -cause set out ia the
'complaint. They were married in
Alameda ia 1S3S. Duke owns con
siderable realty oa Tremont aveaeue
and Freeloa street, aad the property
interests of the pair were settled out
of court.
The interlocutory decree of divorce
granted on November 2, 1903. to
Laura 1L Cumberland from Joseph
Cumberland was set aside by Judge
Sloss yesterday aad the actioa dis
missed.
Property Interests Are Settled On*
of Court — Separations Granted
aad Softs Filed.
CAPTATS" OF POLICE DUKE'S
WIFE GRANTED A DIVORCE
each, aad every instrument cf oar Saa
Francisco retail stock right wh*r» It
stands, and we ar* going to do it. li
every reader of this announcement whoa*
home la without a fine piano could realize
the situation as it is. every on* of thes%
fin* ami ccatly Instrument* wcwid ba sold
out b«fore 3ims«t TueatiaT-
We want buyers to-morrow for the
ehoiorst and most costly styl«» mi tls»
must fanccs and leading- highest- gratia
American makes — instrument* s'ich as
cannot ordinarily be secured for less
than $330 and $£>0. They are cow of
fered at virtually half price, on payments
to suit ycur convenience.
All the remaining bpatitif'il brand* n«w
Kimball. Hasietor. Decker, L«-rtsr. Schu
mann and also a largre nuaab«r of sllyiit
ly us*d makes, among- them Stetn-way
and "Weber and Fischer ami other fametl
instruments of the Pcmmer-Eiiers retail
stack, are included In this greatest piano
sacrifice ever known ia thi3 city.
For $21?, en payments of as little ts
$5 a rncnth. we will turn you over now &
piano that caiact b* sold ta th«* cniinaxy
retail way far leas than HZ1. or «vea
$050.
$14* takes choice cf a nTimtwr cf reg
ular $275 styles, circle* of mahcs-iay.
walnut cr oak cases, all fully warrantad;
terms $5 monthly.
Other styles in plainer cases for as lit
tle as $127 and $113.
As previously anncunced. d*finlt« ar
rangentent3 wera mad* last week where
by we have given over our leasa ca these
premises, and ar* to vacate the sazi« tlia
caoment tfi.» n«-w owners are ready with
materials to cosmesca active operation*.
VT9 are here simply by sufferance now,
tut hop* to gain enough tima ta clcs«
out the remainder of the stack, so as to
have nothing to stor« cr ta ship else
where.
But you must realixa that plan3 ia
voiTlni? th.» <6ip«*o.d:ttir» of millions (tha
new crnce boildtiig ta ti> fc« tie very fin
est in tha We«t> cannot tie delayed; and
if you ar» thinking of taking advantag*
cf the money-saving cpBortunity her*
presented you cannot aJTord putting off
cosiiay even for another day.
The landlord's loss is your gats. "Wa
are tn a pcaition to oCer taa meat astan
iahins' ctrs.ces^ton.3. In. ordar to cioae ont
Do not put cir effrrrtrrg tf ycrs hjrrs s=7
pcasibl* cse far a piano cr & piano play
er. VTi mean business now and co r»a
socabta effar will b« wruaed. Orders by
T-Vn cr telegrapa cr Icng-distanee tals
thone will receiTis mest careful attentica
and wa guarantee OTy-rs a: a dlstaae*
ta« saa* thomujh satlsiacticrt that ther
waulii raceiva by cailias- at ti* stcra !a
person.
Rsoaemiwr the *ddr-ss: POinC^S
ETLSR3 1TC3TC CO^ O3 MorScat stree?.
between the Examiner bcHding and tha
Palace HiteL San Fmnclsco's t»^t-3t.
best and csalrespcnsiil* piano dealers.
Ntiraer^ua ffss:iin« Piaaolas ar* !a
clu«iati la this sal-, as well as s<st*t*1
Asseliiae^ Ce**«*liA.i.^. Slaaplaxas antl
ctlier E2ak?s cf "Piano Players." it prices
indicated above. .
Even at these enormously n£zc*£
prices w» agre« to include tl> worth off
nxuaic roll^with every tnatrursent «oli,
If yoa buy a piano and a Player to
gether we will siv« a ftrrthsr rwJrrct!oa
of 13 p«s e^n: oa :>.¦» total prica ai taa
A sreax btjf aiOTrr t-cuiwl^ plaso. $1*3.
As Eatsr fca fa=cr walnit. *21J. As er
cellect Posinter-EIler?. $1J2; a Byroa
Manzy. mahogany. $I-»2. A E^nssSnrr.
$137. Another, very eloboriie case. $H7.
and scores of' others too cum-roua to
nienticn. all at correspcndln^ raduacienst
PLATSSS A2TB 3nT3ZC
A Stirling cprtyh;. racd erdsr. $*.?.
Bell pianos $32. Naws.in Brothers $13.
another $133.
Here *r» faur nisi* Stein way pianos,
tak* your nick far .Ml*. $245. $135 aad
Jisi. r«sp*ctrv«lT- vV*3i»r ptaaca. & aie«
one for J1S*. another IZZ7. A very chaic*
(very siistitiy used) csahcgairT CaMn^t
Grand "Weber. $15 T. Voa« piano ::•.*.
Fischer $1*5, Fischer $231; Fiachtr. mast
*Iabcrat5 stria. $247. Stager $13?. $1*
c; $15 dawn and JS cr II a.ccata j .
cur«a one.
Tike your choica cf a Ty.!r-<iagea «!?•
gant New 3ca> KT^'ja?! tpri^hts at a
saving cf almost half their rtguiar ratal!
values.
$I3t ca paysr*nt3 ef tl acrtiTy. m»
eur-sa th« choicest cf XtZS and $4»<) rr^
tigiita. anperb Instruments ta both. tos«
and cjiststraeticT!. all of thess tha vary
latest of easa iiai^z3.
nrrssnoATs niiH tsiczs.
WANT3 TO C.OJCEI. SHAJLt* TAXS3L—
Tax CcUactsr Snlta y-3tsrd*r wat a. IeCsr to
th« Supervisors' Ftaiaci* CCdaattSea wrseat£=*
f.«t a rsaohrUon >e passed ¦nfhrrfsirig can
ceUatloa at ih* exats* tax (Sue on oaaeciirwd
jwrsccai property ta. all cases ir!i«ie «ucii tax
inoiau to 1*3« than 2 eeata, ;'."'•
At the request of a large number
of Germans and German speak£ng
people of this city interested in Ger
man Uteratare Professor Goebel of
Stanford University will deliver a se
ries of lectures between December 1
and February Zi. 1305, In the hall of
the Centurv Club on Batter street.
The subjects are: 1, "The Origin of
the" New Literary Movement in the
•go's"; 2, "The New Lyric"; 3, "The
New Fiction" r 4. "The New Drama";
5. "Gerhard Hauptraaa," and 6,
"Friedricb. Nietzsche." On the occa
sion of each lecture there will be a
musical programme, in which Mr.
and Mrs. Flckensher will take part.
These will be assisted by ether talent.
The lectures tsUI be ender the direc
tion Cf a cemmittee consisting of Mrs.
Caesar Berthau. B. Broemel. Charles
Bundschu. F. W. Dohmarn and Dr.
H. Kreutzemana.
German Lectures.
There are few mere genuinely popu
lar wemen en the American stage than
Hilda Thcmas, who this season is the
ieadin? comedienne oi B. C. Whitney's
•"Show Girl" Company that comes to
the Grand next week- Her Marguerite
in the English burlesque of "Faust Up-
To-Date" is well remembered, and she
was also oce cf the prominent people
in Rice's "Evangeline," g^ing frcm ths
latter to Frank Daniels when the "Zye-
Brcw Comedian" played "Little Puck.**
Miss The mas for & few seasons took a
fiyer in vaudeville, where her peculiar
talents as a comedienne and impersona
te r were fully arpreciazsd
la "The Show Girl." Miss Thomas
portrays the part of Meg Webbington.
a stranded character soubrette, and as
sisted by Lou KalL she will give a new
and la-shafcle rpecialty. In "The Man
in fie Mocn" scng she is assisted by
tba entire chorus with special electrical
effects.
IXADtN-G CO3fSDrrTS"N-S CT5* TK3
.-SHOVT GrPJL" COMPACT TTHICH
OPSX5 H.^ZRS XZXT "• *• "-^
A circular letter will be issued to
obtain opinions regarding the re-ceding
cf Tcsemite Park and the Maripoaa
big tree grove to the United States
Government. The board is practically
on record as favoring this step, but
wishes the opinions of others before
taking final auction.
Colonel John P. Irish offered what ha
th<r,\n rr.»y be a solution of the prob
lem. - He said he had observed that the
farmers ia California would harvest
their crops with a header which nip
ped off the portion of the wheat bear
ing kernels and left the straw In the
ground. The heads would then at ence^
be sent to the machine, threshed cut
and sacked. In the Eastern. States.
Tv-here the kernels have a larger pro
portion cf gluten, the crop is cut from
the ground with a reaper, bound, stack
ed and allowed to season before bein^
threshed out. In order to test his
theory he says he has made arrange
ments with a person who will cut half
his croD with a header and send it at
ence to be threshed out and will use
a harvester oa the other half. The
ground Is identical and all conditions,
aside from the reaping and sacking,
will be ec.ua!
William H. lHHs told cf his experi
ence in harvesting hay. Ha said that
he had noticed when the hay was left
in ths field it would bleach out. but
where it was stacked ui> after drying
out a moist wind would cause It to
become green again. H* thought the
theory of Colonel Irish worthy of trial
and agreed with fti-p that the kernels,
under certain climatic conditions,
might draw additional sustenance from
the 3tra«rs after cutting.
Oa motion of ilr. Mills Andrew P.
Hill cf Saa Jos<3TVaa appointed cfll
cial photographer for tfie board. He
called attention to the fact that ths
majority of photographs of California
distributed through the East are made
at the instance of th* railroad com
panies to attract tourist traffic and ac
cordingly show only the scenic fea
tures. The industrial end, he said,
was of far greater Importance, but
had never been fully illustrated. Mr.
Hill promises to take a number of pho
tographs illustrating farm and hom«
life in the State.
A communication will be circulated
urging Congress to enact such legis
lation as will afford "relief from the
unjust discrimination in tariff rates
established by the railway corpora
tions, resulting in undue preference
and advantage to certain localities and
sections, and certain descriptions of
traffic, and consequent undae- prefer
ence and disadvantage to ethers; al3O
to Drovide effectual means of protec
tion to the public from the imposition
cf unreasonable and oppressive charyes
for the performance cf public services
In the transportation of passengers and
property as common carriers."
In consideration of the $2.COO.0CO bonds
vcted for harbor improvements the
manager was instructed to make in
quiry regardinar the establishment of
a free public market, for which the
Legislature has already provided.
General N. P. Chipman made a
lengthy report regarding the exhibits
at the St. Louis exposition. In his
opinion 'he State has received more
advertising- there than ever before. The
work of the commissioners was com
mented oa and they were highly
praised for what they have done.
At the meeting cf the State Board of
Trade yesterday afternoon the subject
cf improving the quality cf California
wheat was brousht up. This matter
h^g beea discussed by a committee
from the State Board and representa
tives of the Merchants' Exchange. Cal
ifornia wheat, it has beea found, is
lacking ia gluten and, the problera ia
to discover the exact cause.
Ia their contest they say that their
father for tea years* had beea physi
cally «n>j mentally weak and depended
childishly oa hi3 wife's Judgment. For
that period, they say, he was prac
tically a prisoner in her hands and she
refused to allow him to- see his frtanda
and relatives except on rare occasions,
and then always In her presence. They
say that she Interfered with their
business, and domestic affairs and
ma.de harsh, and unjust accusations
agrainst them. TLey cha/ye her with,
having dictated the will made by Horn
and declare further that "3aid Frances
Horn ia othsrwue known as Hetty
Green, a person of peculiar tempera
ment,"
Besides the contestants, two child
ren aad a grandchild of the deceased
live ia Washington. D. C.
"Whether Frank J. Horn, who died
October 20 at the agre of TO yaars, left
$400 worth, cf Je-welry and clothes and
521,500 ia cash aad realty, may be a
question to \ be settled ia the contest
of his win begua yesterday by his chil
dren, llary Becier aad John P. Horn,
through their attorney. "Walter E.
Dora. In a will dated September 10,
forty days before his death, his wife,
Frances Horn, was earned as sola
legatee * and administratrix, without
bends. This will was not filed for pro
bata untn October 31, three days after
ilrs. Becker had petitioned for letters
of administration.' statiny that no will
had beea found. Ia her petition ilrs.
Becksr said that Horn owned I3CC0
worth cf realty, SIOOO worth of per
sonal property and had $11,300 la
bank. "When the widow filed the will
for crofcata she declared that th* tes
tator left only Jewelry and clothes ci
sr-all value.
The testament seems to bear out th.9
widow's statement. Horn said there
in that ha had his children in mind,
bat could only leave them his bleaa
ing3, because he owned nothing but
Jewelry, which he wanted his wife to
have. He said that when he married
her she owned realty which Is la her
name, and ha made the admission, he
said, in order to protect her ia the
enjoyment of the .property. "I re
quest my dear children to refrain from.
contesting her ri^ht to the same," he
wrote, fcu: the children ignore bia
wish.
A. L. C. AtMnson, Secretary of Ha
waii, arrived here yesterday from Hon
olulu on the liner Alameda and left last
nigiit for Washlnytoa to confer wltii
President Roosevelt and tha Secretary
of the Treasury regardmy the second
million dollars, of the public Improve
ments lean authorized by fce Legisla
ture ia 1303.
The first mJUfon dollar3 was Coated
in New Ycrfc by Governor Carter, who
was then Secretary, of tha Territory.
The bond3, which. b«ar 4^i per cent In
terest, were ta&en. by New Tori finan
ciers at 100^25. This good figure was
obtained largely owtns to the ordar
made by Secretary Shaw rscogidzlns
the bends as security for deposits of
public money in. national bank3 tip to
SO per cent cf their par value.
Governor Carter has received an. in
timation, that the Secretary cf the
Treasury Is disinclined to grant a simi
lar favor in the case of the second mil
lion.
Without the renewal cf the prtvCeys
Governor Carter Is afraid the second
l3su« will not sell on equally favorable
terms. It was decided, therefore, to
send Secretary AtMnson to- "Washiasf
toa to plead Hawaii's cause and to se
cure the favor of the Secretary of the
Treasury's official countenance for the
second installment of the Territorial
loan. The- first 11,000^000 ha3 been almost
all expended oa much needed public
improvements.
Vindication ardl a. verdict for J1S00
Crwa CSee Jury la Jcl^e GraLkan'3 co-crt
yesterday broti^Jit & 2zsh of pleaacre
¦a^ii « tri^rr:;hi-t izaile to the counte
nance of OctATrre Tabor, -orlio sued for
$30,000 dastaj?e« from tie p*»r«c^3 who
tad tcrae«I her o^'er to a pclicernaj; en
a false char?* cf steslir.s a w atcli. Ths
<l«fer.dar.ta w^tB Chirie* HL Ro?<H^ r a
retired sea. captain, cor^easirs to fity
tT» yexirs and ?:t>*2 to suy times: fcia
si«tfr, Teresa. Ffcrtser. ar.d h<?r tr^s
ba-d. George W. Siri-er, the ctro lat
ter b«ir^ proprietcra of the Hotel
ReglSA. v&tn ilrs. Tabcr suffered her
hull lffT.lt too cs. January 21, last-
Tie jury Tra5 hardly f-fteea dilutes
ia arrivi^s- at a ccrd'jslos. In the wo
ma~ 5 - fiTcr, and after the v»r*iict tvaa
ar.soc:«d the defetniants aaJted Cor a
¦tsar cf ex-OTtion.
The trial cf the case xraa besua. last
Ttt^sday ard tWAUj^frt iocr EoQ days —
*uH cf catertainment. Acccrdtng to
Urs. Taacrs story the captain prom
ised to ziarry her a few days after
their first r=.eet:ng. She visited hin at
ti» hone, rer^F inisg all ni«-hr. under
th* eye cf kis hcaaefceeper. Yestsrday
the tocaekwper. Mrs. Bishap-. dcclare-l
that she left the captain's service be-
rause ehe objected to ilrs. Tabor'«
visits. The captain vehemently denied
that he had erer- asked the fair plain
tiff to be bis wife. "Why. how cocid I?**
h^ said. "I wai a nan->d man.*"
Et.t— r-aticn prcved that he had
bees =rr.*i bet his Interlocutory
divorce was three months old when
ht met Sirs. Tabcr.
Itosers vrxs also certain that he had
%aot laid a. hand" en Mrs. Tabor -srhen
fce xort's her irp to the chrmers' ruca a:
i c'tlocjt in the domins- to tell them
thai fce thousrht she had his watch.
Ke was Jnsttntd in the mspicion. he
thought. becacsc« he had been In no
other person's presence, and had tecn
ta a. restaurant with her. Ke said, too.
that he <iid not tell the policeman to :
her to a «taticn.
Ltartrur crts»si-exar=.ination by ifr. I
Treadwell tx d<veicp«d that Rogers had '
t2.lc.s2. ilrs. Tabcr and his housekeeper
to Sanjrzlretti's cne nigrirt. He dran.<
considerable tone, and wben they left I
the reataarant he tzmed In a fire
alarm. He declared he did not kno-sr
what it was. itr. Treads eil asked him
if fee ciimN^d t_*v» ptjie. but he was cer
liin titx lie had not so disregarded i
his City-two years.
Former Fiance and Proprie
tor« of Eegina Hotel
3Iust Pay for Mistake
President Chipman Makes an
Exhaustive Keport Eegard
ing Exhibit at^ St. Louis
A. L. C. Atkidson Is Sent
to the Mainland to Place
Another $1,000,000' Loan
Says Wife Owns the Property
and Has Only Blessings
lor Sons and Daughters
WILL 1LAKE EXPERDLENT
TESTAMENT IS QUEER}
COIN AM) VINDICATION
TO CONSULT ' PRESIDENT
Colonel Irish Suggests to
Board of Trade That Use
of Headers Is Injurious
Twelve Men Favor the Fair
Plaintiff in Her Action
for F*lse Imprisonment
Children of Frank J. Horn
Contest Will and Allege
Woman's Undue Influence
Hawaii's Secretary Arrives
on Alameda and Leaves
at Once for Washington
SEEKS A PLAN
TO HELP CROPS
WANTS TREASURY
TO BACK BONDS
WIDOW GIVEN
WHOLE ESTATE
HILDA THOMAS
TO APPEAR IN
"SHOW GIRL"
JURY'S VERDICT
FOR MRS. TABOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
9
WhPn cm s^ ou^ a^ once .take your-
self in hand, if yc,u would avoid
YOU OOll t serions illness. Everyone, at
.-•- times, feels out of sorts, dull,
Feel Well listless, with a don't-knerw-
what's-the-matter-with-me sort
of expression. It may be your stomachy possibly your
liver, perhaps your bowels or kidneys. You can't just
say which. Then it's a good time to take a course of
Beecham's Pills are famous for improving the gen-
eral health. A few doses will make a marked change
for the better. They give new vigor to the Digestive
Organs, cleanse and regulate the Liver and Kidneys,
purify the Blood and tone up the
Nervous system. Beecham's Pills YA#" 1 1
are worthy of your confidence. Will
Nothing but good results from Tftni^ v
their use. They have benefited ¦ . V"^
thousands and will help you. "Yoil *-LJe)
I -j~y txieni.
Sold Everywhere In Boxes. IO cents and 25 cents.
A Big Banner Bill
[ Sir. aad acrs. at»k ITzrzhj; Car^tW
! Ocg» aad ?ntn; Aaysjta GIsaa; T^jw
ZasiC3l«rs; T-calT» 2Txt»;o OSrla;
CaT*«!d sad CazS«tea; Vn 7tn.s'«
rt*tcirr sad
;OH3 T. ttt.t.t A2TD CO3C7AXT.
Ij.7. 3ar=r±iT as«: 9Ba£ax. Prtcaa— 13c. Sa
ALCAZAR 5^™*
TO-3TZSST— AXX> THIS W H HI .
**Cacr9ans vtta X<-«r T:rx gaac**— d.utifc-
cte.
* Kxtnartrnartly Ca» parfarTaaae*.** — C&C
¦?'-i7 *<i tt u ir-ju aaccM.~ — v**— *->*»
C7la FtSsa'f Pow*rf5l P!a7.
TFe Climbers
Sr«.. 33e ta 73a. '* f -*» *»* A m^^ _ S3a ts 39a.
Ta*alBjt»la» imk. OTT 3£-2CDAT— CattaJ
THE VH1AGE POSTMASTER.
Ta« Rnt ef Sast^: CbgiwSw* SCO 27!z%£a £a
2C«nr Tocic. Ttrtm Tears ta ta« T*»«
L—CALIFORNIA-^
BZTTXIt THAN M2DK3NX FO*
WHAT AILS YOU.
"AFRlEHDOFTHEFAMlLr
TH2 BZS HT7 of £asC «— — » 1
WIta aa ZLm«i;eenjtI Cut ef -v»3
iao^ra Ca-»«rtt*»: WiUtaat 3T*.»cA. Hay-»
rr OsadalL X&s?a« P. i wtiTT*'T. «t:.'n
Wee<isl<ie. T!ai» Mojrxi t. E«l«a Trac-
ers. Vxiju* VUIlem LcdZ* vjhttu
y«xt Scadu Pa2tlT«Iy t*t»
Crt»taml X«w Tar* CXfias Prslaatisn.
AKXHTTR DCTfX Ia t5« SSaS«rs as<S
jllx-a * Tv-,...,.,....... tta.'MO MTattm:
'H*""' l i*"jr*— r^ THS &TTXA'WAT2L
FtrR tecr aC ti« l*xaiam C< ilXO
SHOW CTRIA Or«r T3 PUr»rs.
A BUtadid Sssv Srtsr AJttrnaca bS
•W'l'^r tx tad Ta— ttrr.
VG3TT T *~. TO 533
TBE JOBNSTOWN FLOOD,
TH2S E23CWT3IO S^SiSATtOT? Of CtrTST
EZ-OT> aad ta« TCaipS H3.
A »y-'» H-K TO BS FOEGOTTSTf s^SCTACS^!
A3CATSCS SLIGHT THwHSOAX.
f Apagggtoy -ioc csiLPass -s«
BASE BALL.
SAN FRANCIScTvs. PORTIAND
AT KDCSSATTO:* PA2S.
Eiata aati Harrlsca st»
TO-DAT *ail all ma** days, i 7. s.
JUNOAT, 2:3* P. 11.
I^ADXES ySS3 THT33I?Ar AXO TTLZ**XT.
AJraje* «ai«» rrf »g»m *- * Btaektatt sC
AD V I^tiTISK^ITlN TS.
CASTOR I A
Pox Infi&tj a&d Ciildrsis.
Tfo Kin j Yea Ha?s Always Ecsghl
Piilarp DONT PAIL TO j
j COUHT Lcuagiaj
51 fi fl moza. the EMPIR3
uuu parlor, tfat
r 3 PALM ROOM, ths
iirStld LOUIS XV PAS.
UUUU LOR. a=d the LA- ;
H A 4.«t^. DIES' WKITINQ
j Hotels eqom- ;
AH l is±Jii ia.
TZXSS WXZZ .
Of the Great itaafcal Cciaedy TWasisa
THE
MESSENGER
BOY
~A SUPERB SCEJTIC S2N3ATI0?r.
A GREAT TTVOLI CAST.
Prsdastias titixlaj iai S I rJ 1 1 j
3j«sial Tian4asi7ia<r Xxt. XS3333r3TSl B0T '';
CarraT Tltmll Prlc«s — 23c. 50c. 73c
Seats alwaya aeni-iy. Ras. mat. Sarjrli7.
3?SCIAL-3uin>iT ArrSEJT005. 50T. 23ti
3C3CC. FA3XIZ! 73A2TCXSCA.
Grm C?e:» U U W 1 A
Prices— 23c. 50c. 73c. n.
1 — I
Market Street. Xaar Ojhi^,..Pboc« Scnta SS3
TO-2T1CHT — at.t. 1'^;^ WSXa.
Tr<!ni«itiaiia Prwiuctlfin of t&» S.:st: <jC AH
M:3 '. tor? I Dnsai.
Winchester
StsrUas Stctr cf Lavm aad "War.
FTi'Wnff gcsalc E2actat HUartcTM Co«ae<!y!
T2CB MXUTAST Ti.tT.T.t
TEE TOUTSCr O13LZ, SFTS
THS ?23ILiI3G SIDE 70S XrETS.'-
PH1CE23 — Eve. 10c to 3Cc; ITjira. We, I3c 23c
ThaaJtajlTina- "Weelc. JTot. 21. First Pro&zc-
tioa Hare at tse Stujjendcwi Meiadraraa.
"QliXif O? THE WaiTii SEfcATES." j
Bad!
Sew J?$A~ Joeksy !
California J^ Club
. GAKJ-A2*I> TRACK..
- Conuatacfas SATUBnAT. 3T<rr«mS«r 13. -
•pincfpj «y«T week day, raia or solaa.
Baces start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For Bpeeial tralas steppiag- at tae track taka !
S P Ferry £cot of ILirket strwt. at 12-;CQw
I2:3ti liOO-. I-^l> or 2:t)0i. BeturaiaK traiaa
!<•*»-} Use tracic st i:l') »2ii 4:t3 5. bl an<t
tianietliateCr »£t«r th* Iaat raa*.
THOMAS H. WHXtAiia. Pr«al<i«nt.
1 PB31CT W. TBEAT. 8«cretMT.
Merciless Slaughter of Players to
Continue Till AH Are Gone.
Nineteen Fine Ones to Find
Homes at Once,
Plxno ScHin? Abo Resumed £n Famnt Now — Dcnrn Go tte PHca
— Ercty New aad Used Rano Mast Go— No Matter
i What the Sucriftcr.
A Oocd StUXisz TTDdaaf Oc«a for SS3 — Cisic* ef * t-rt 3w B«n Pl*ac* f rr $33
Saci— Xlsff»=.i rUeier. fI47t * Xss* EaScraf Oa*. S383 — Warns*. C34
izi SS37 — ~ »b«r CX7x«d) (T try Cicic* Xasor*B7 CaMart Omd), J357.
¦
C2de« cf 7<nc StafavaT*. S343. $318. $133 aaO, TIV% Ttaey at^scxaj Cc:.thU3
•»-»^i>»rf TTszis^rX S332 — Aao«3«z. Plate. Cu«, Tta« r=a».
Saia — SosaT* PSaaoa as SZ3, oa. S4S, £?o»
Aa«t23a.S34. $143, Ste.: rUaola. IU3. $134. $233. «cS Ota«s* $63. $73. $33. JUS.
irrc* — ra.Jis« Tcxzsa «f Pmranst .. Wto D-«rtr*i — 8ter«
O?«s £t«Z7 "S'-t^i TVZ Sili Closes.
COLUMBIA S^ 1^
LAST FIVE NIGHTS
3IATIXS3 SATCHI3AT.
•Thi * Pclitlciaa aa2 I eaa't att *. C«-"*
Henry X!". 5a7a*» Pr«»«it» Gecrr» AdVs
Qnaiar Cfcrneilr Erxsa.
1 COUNTY CHAIRMAN
Last TS=» Scalar
B«x!=!=» ITat itradxr. Oar!«« BL ECST-
>i«-rt Preaessa
MAXINE ELLIOTT
-
Ia Ca Oria Tlt-h Oaseir.
KCEIR. O"^?TiT "WAY
SSAr SALE ESGTS3 TO-H0a2OW.
FE2CE3 «X «» It. T3c 30»
Special Jbfiut TtaaitasiTts» E«7.
GRAND. SS5I2
THIS WEEK ONLY
JIATECES SATtTSUAT.
The btCTgational Scccea
the FATAL
WEDDING.
NEXT SUNDAY MATDOLE
The Show Girl
TES BSST 05" * rT - GIHI. SHCT5T3.
H. "W. BTsKO? 1 , Lessee c=iS SCxs&cv.
TO-NIGHT TO-HIGHT
Olirer 3Coroaeo O2>rs
SOVASD Q OTTTi7> J H. GZXJIUUift
imt era atiiwrtle TJs*»£er Coinpaay Ia Cut
bst«nael7 cnoticnal drmsia.
HEARTS AFLAME
He&pp«araac« irfADE£ KT<f!?CK.
O5« MATCHES .* O^f
>-e3X— "TAJCDfG OF H2a-E3C~
TAKE AN AFTERNOON OFF
Or Com* To-Slaft* sad S*« tn»
GSE A-rr5T TATOSTILLE rX37O33B-
ASCE I3T AT.T* TBZ WOSLO ?O1
TSZS PXZCES:
10c and 20c— No Higher.
Tea Hew TTTAT^TitH KRS Eiitj W««i.
Aftezaoon. PerfoT-n»n<nt« as 3 so.
Twle* Zaci irtxii. as 72O cad 9.
Ccs.tJa.iiatrs Per£cr=iaa.ce3 ca Saruiaj
aad Snadar. frosx 3 to 5 O'CIoci o. ss.
aad f rcsa 7 PatU 11 O f CIoc^ at VlsfitX.
cxzxjixss io czsrts at azj, txscbs
And to asr part of tba tJMAtar.
Os!r tense il^ciajtn? acaciutdly N'-f» »^«<
T3T3TTCXJT7C TQB»BAKBXBa. B-V-
hatues. hi*T'i*>* u ol «•>
brewers, beckitader?. cinttz makart. >»«y~m_
dy«rs. floor ailli, fimadrtea. laoadz&ca. s*s«r-
. hsssoa. pristara. sstat««%. also* taetoctaab
, amnraaaTt bzos,
1 Srxii acsasractsnsi. 009 Saezuicaio t%N'EW TORK. Xov. 15. — Thomas J.
Thorpe, right tackle of the Columbia
University football team, has been
elected captain for the season of 1905.
Thorpe Will Captain Columbia.
INAUGURATES NEW DEPARTURE.— The
entertainment committee of the Young Men's
(Christian Association Is to Inaugurate a new
departure in the way of giving first-class mu
fi^S.ls.v* 1 ' The first of these concerts will be
KKtn next Friday evening by vthe First Regi
ment band. N. G. C. -¦ A most : delightful pro
gramme will be given, and the full band will
appear. Admission 10 cents. The . programme
will commence at 8:15 sharp In the association
auditorium. • ¦ • . ' • • • • •
Boxing Instructor de Witt Van
Court of the Olympic Club is prepar
ing a programme of six events to take
place in the club gymnacium on the
30th insL Sam Berger, the amateur
heavyweight champion, will meet an
unknown: ¦ Andy Gallagher and Jack
Sullivan will clash, and Kirchner and
Walsh will also box.V In addition to
these heavyweight contests there will
be other exciting bouts.
Olympic Club Boxing.
f -
Two Stakes at Ingleside Park.
Two stakes, a class event and a re
serve, will be run on Saturday, and
Sunday at Ingleside Coursing Park.
The draw will be held Thursday night.
There will be no coursing ""at Union
Park this week.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15. — When the
men who managed the big football
game between the Stanford and Cali
fornia football teams la*t Saturday
•ccunted their cash returns last night
they found the total amount realized
from the sale of tickets was $30,304.
Such a report was made by the man
agement to-night to the executive com
mittee of the Associated Students of
the University of California:
The money will be divided equally
between the universities after the ex
penses, amounting to about $1000,
have been paid. The executive com
mittee voted to give big "C" sweaters
to the following men of the football
team, who had not hitherto been
awarded the coveted insignia of foot
ball prowess: Kerr. Boynton, Elliott
KIttrelle. Mead, White, Kern. Haffey,
Sperry, Lasater, Foster and Boothe.
Saturday's Gate Receipts Reach a
Total of More Than S30.OO0.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 15. — Oakland
opened here to-day in a series of Bix
games that probably will determine
the winner of the second half of the
season's championship. Oakland won
by the score of 6 to 1, because of
Jones' magnificent work In the box.
Newton started in to pitch for the
Angels, but was in bad foxm and gave
way to Baum after six runs had been
scored. Baum pitched a remarkable
game, only two hits being made off
his delivery In seven innings. Both
teams were on edge and some bril
liant work was done by the infields.
Score: : '- ' • -
Los Angeles — Oakland — /
AB.R. H. P.A. ABJfH. P.A-
B^rnrd.cf 4 0 0 2 0 Ganly.rf 3r I 1 3 0
Flood.2b. 3 0 14 6 Franks,*^ 12 2 1
Smlth.3b. 4 0 0 11 Dunlvjr.lf 4 12 0 0
Chance.c. 4 0 1 S 0 fib»fly.2b '4 ¦ O 0- 2 3
Crvath.rf 4 0 0 10 Kruirr.cf 4 l j i- o
Chase.lb. 4 0 0 11^0 Strelb.Xb 3 1 ,0 10 1
Ross.lf... 4 -0 0 2 0|Devrx.3b 4- 0 1..1 2
Tnman.s. 3 111 ljByrnes.c S 10 7 0
I5aum. p.. 3 0 10 1 Jones.p... 4 0 0 13
Newton.p 0 0 0O0 ' — ' — __¦
Totals. 33 6 7 27 10
Totals. 33 1 4 27 81
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles ......00000001 *O_i
Base hits 0 0 1 0 0 O 0 2 1 — (
Oakland 1 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 o— «
Base hits .'. 1 4 1 1 0 0 0 , t» 0—7
SUMMART.
Stolen bases — Toman. Kruger, Etrelb. Errors
—Flood. FranckST Schlafley. Hits— off New
ton 8. oft Baum 2. Three-base hit — Dunleavy.
Two-base hits — Dunleavy. Kruger. First base
on errors — Los Angeles 2. Oakland 1. Left on
bcres — Los Angeles C, Oakland 2. ¦ Baoes on
balls — Off Newton 2. Struck out — By Newton
1 by Jones 7, by Baum 4. Wild pitches —
Newtoo. Baum. Hit by pitched ball — Strelb,
Flood. Time of rame — 1 hour and 55 minutes.
Uaicires— McDonald and Brown.
Wins Quite Handily
Pitches Brilliant Ball for Oakland and
JONES FOOLS THE ANGELS.
LARGE FOOTBALL RETURNS.
The club's new rooms have been en
tirely renovated and refurnished- on
an-elaborate scale and have been.pro
nounced by many who have inspected
them to be the most attractive of
their kind in San Francisco.
The new quarters of the Transporta
tion Club on the ground floor of the
Palace Hotel, formerly occupied ' by
the Union League Club, were thrown
open to the members last night. About
200 persons attended the opening and
were loud in their praise of the work
accomplished by the house committee
In making the club's new home one of
the handsomest In this city. After
the members had been . welcomed and
given an opportunity to inspect the
premises President George J. Brad
ley called them together in the re
ception-room, and addressed them
upon th'e great progress made by the
organization during its few months'
existence and proudly announced that
notwithstanding the heavy expense
thajU'had been Incur*x»d it was free
from debt and enjoyed a rapidly ln
¦creasingf membership roll.
At the conclusion of President
Bradley's remarks the members spent
several hours enjoying the entertain
ment provided for them by talented
members of the club. Refreshments
were also served In the elegantly
equipped dining-room, where ' the
members will hereafter meet at noon
to discuss railroad matters over a
club luncheon.
Future Home in the Palace
Hotel.
Railway Men Formally Open Their
TRANSPORTATION' CLUB
IS IX NEW QUARTERS
Second race, six furlongs — Herllda won.
Green Gown second. Lady Ellison third. Tims.
Xil5.
Third race, one mile — Swift "Wlag won. r>.
L. Moore second, Outwai third. Tim*. 1:41 1^.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs— Ed
Tlerney won. Major T. J. Carson second. Just
So third. Time. 1:21U-
Fifth rare, one mile and an eighth — School,
mate won. Copperfleld second, Cheboyran third.
Time. l:M*i. A
Sixth race, five and a half fnrlcnys — Free
booter won. Fireball second, Manfred third.
Time, 1:07ft- - '
CINCINNATI. Nov. 13. — Latonta results:
First race, seven furloszs — Ethel Davis won.
Trepan second, Benmora third. Time, 1:2S.
Latonia Racing Results.
master third. Time, 2:17 2-5.
Third race, flvp furlongs, selling — Fancy
Dre«s won, Danseuse second, Dazzle third.
Time, 1:02.
Fourth race, the Rosylyn handicap, one mile
— Orthodox won. Ocean Tide second ¦ Little
Em third. Time, 1:40 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Akela won.
Kickshaw second, Prlnc* Chin? third. Time,
1:41. a ,
Sixth rac< aix ' furlcngs — Red Fox won,
Uncas second. Applaud third. Time 1:10 2-5.
Rapid Water a Winner at Aqueduct.
NEW TORK, Nov. 15.— Aqueduct results:
First race, six furlongs — Rapid Water won.
Old England second. Missing Link third. Time
1:11 4-5.
Second race, one mile and flve-slxteenths — Go
Between won, The Southerner second. Auro-
uncertain at this time of the year.
The directors are in favor of making
arrangements early next year to have
the champions In the competition at
San Rafa.el In September.
A new set of by-lav/g was read last
night and will be voted upon at the
next meeting. G. H. Busch was ap
pointed to succeed J. D. MacGavln as
a member of the tournament commit
tee. The champion will leave in two
weeks for a trip around the world. It
was decided to make every effort to
Increase the Interest of the lady raera
btrs of the club in the game. To this
end a mixed doubles tournament will
be held shortly.
The directors of the California Ten
nis Club held their regular monthly
meeting last night. The secretary of
the club read a letter from the Los
Angeles tlub in regard to bringing some
ttt the Eastern champions here to play
next month. This was decided to be
impracticable as the weather is too
Tennis Officials Decide It Is Imprac-
tic-able to Have Them Perform
Here During: the Winter.
DECIDE NOT TO BRING
OUT EASTERN' EXPERTS
Totals 29 1 « 27 i:;' Total? 32 0 5 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. .
Tacoma .0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 x— 1
Hits 0 2 2 10 10 0 -x— 6
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Hits 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 1—5
SUMMARY.
Stolen bsses — Mohler. Casey. Errors — K«efe,
Mohler. Two-base hit — Sheehan. Bases on
balls — Off Keefe 1. Hit by pitcher—Blanken
»h»p. Struck out — By Keefe 2, by Hork 5.
Left on bas»s — Tacoma 4, Seattle 5. Time of
frame, 1 hour and 23 minutes. Umpire, Per
rine.
Mohler Lets Lynch Score on an Error
in Second Round.
FRESNO. Nov. 15. — Great ball was
played to-day. While brilliant plays
were scarce, the work of both teams
was uncommonly good. The feature
of the game was the steady pitching
of Keefe and Hogg. Nordyke was in
disposed and Lynch played his posi
tion in great shape. Tacoma won, 1
to 0. The lone score was made in the
second inning. Lynch got a scratch hit
and was advanced to third on Casey's
hit. He scored on Mohler's error.
Score:
Tacoraa — ] Seattle^ —
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rt 4 O 1 0 OVHtn.cf 4 0 12 0
Shehn.3b 4 O 1 2 1 Mohlr.2b 4 O 1 1 "2
Casey.2b 3 0 14 4 lHht y.:$h 4 0 0 12
McLm.lf 3 0 1* 3 0 Frisk. If 3 0 0 0 0
Lynch, lb 3 1 1 12 1 Bknahp.c 3 0 17 0
Rnymr.ss 3 0 10 4 Smith, rf 4 0 1 2 1
Tr.oms.cf 3 0 0 3 0 Frejnn.lb 4 0 0 10 1
Hocran. c 3 0 0 2 0 Hall, es 3 0 0 1 1
Kr-»f', p 3 0 0 1 3 Hogg, p 3 0 1 0 2
Sidney Dillon, sire of Lou Dillon,
the first trotter to reach the two
minute mark, left Santa Rosa Satur
day afternoon by the Southern Pa
cific for Xew York, where he will go
under the hammer at the Old Glory
sale in Madison-square Garden on
the 21st inst. At the same sale Arion
(2:07%), whose two-year-old record
of 2:10% to high wheels has never
been equaled by any other two-year
old even with the aid of a pneumatic
sulky and a wind shield, will also be
offered. There Is much speculation
as to which stallion will bring the
most money. Arion was sold by his
breeder, Senator Stanford, to the late
Malcolm Forbes for 1125,000. This
is the highest price ever paid for a
trotting bred horse, but that waa in
boom davs, and he cannot be expected
to bring more than a fifth of that sum
now. The sale will be a noted one,
as sixteen highly bred and well
known stallions have been consigned
to it, among them Idolita (2:09 U).
Directly (2:03^), Delmarch (2:11%),
Jupe (2:07^) and others. Directly is
a pacer and holds a champion record.
In 185)4 he paced a mile in 2:07% as
a two-vear-old, a mark that has not
been beaten since. He knocked a
quarter second oft! that record as a
three-year-old, but was on the shelf
for three years and was reckoned a
cripple until George West took charge
of him and reduced his mark to
2:03 Vi in a race.
EXHIBITION BY SWEET MARIE.
Lovers of the harness horse lit Los
Angeles are waiting for Thanksgiving
day to give the champion mare Sweet
Marie (2:04^4) a grand reception.
The Driving Club of that city will hold
an afternoon of matinee racing on
that day, and William Garland,
owner of the mare, has promised to
drive her an exhibition mile. She
reached home in the pink of condi
tion and does not bear the faded out
appearance that most campaigners
have at the close of the season. Her
rugged strength and vitality are re
markable.
Monroe Salisbury, th$ "king maker,"
reached home some days since from his
successful campaign with the East View
Farm Stable on the Grand Circuit. It
was the largest money winning stable
out this year, wfth, close to $50,000 to
its credit. Charles' de Ryder, the
farm's principal reinsman, stood sec
ond only to Ed Geers in the list of
money winning drivers. Geers drove
for many different owners, j ¦
¦ Since McKinney left California there
has been considerable rivalry among
horsemen as to which owns the best
bred son of that horse. C. A. Durfee.
who owned the stallion, thinks he has
the ( heir apparent to nis throne In a
tve-year-oid by McKinney. dam the
great brood mare Elsie, dam by Palita,
two-year-old record 2:16, and four
others, st-cond dam Elaine(2:20),dam of
Iran Alto (2:12%) and three more, third
dam Green Mountain Maid, dam of
nine trotters with standard records and
also of the great Electioneer. The colt
is «jn*r of the handsomest two-year-olds
McKinney ever sired.
BIG MOXEY WINNERS.
Eleven trainers have won more than
Ndlson is 'practically in condition for
the fight at the present time. He weighs
about 134 pounds and can take off the
few extra ones in short order. He 13
doing the best he can in the condition
line over at Larkspur and it goes with
out saying he will be in perfect form
when the time rolls round.
"If Nelson wins," said Coffroth, "he
would pot make such a good drawing
card as Corbett for the simple reason
that his victory would in all probability
be a long drawn out one and the spec
tacular end of it would be lacking. On
the other hand, should Corbett knock
his man out in a decisive manner, he
would show the knowing ones he is still
there and then a second meeting with
Britt would prove a battle of the first
water."
Coffroth would also like to see Jimmy
Gardner in the ring with Britt, but so
far he has been unable to get any kind
of a satisfactory line on the Lowell
wonder. It looks as though Coffroth
will hold out till after the Corbett-Nel
son mixup and take a chance with
matching the victor against Brltt. The
victor will in all probability be badly
punished— nearly as much so as the
vanquished, and therefore may not be
quite fit to enter the ring witnin a
couple of weeks.
Corbett is faithfully ridding himself
of several pounds of superfluous flesh at
his training quarters. He •vfceighs 137
pounds and, still looks like a miniature
heavyweight. ' He is doing more real
hard work for this 'fight than he has
performed for any other encounter In
this city. If he keeps up the pace he
should enter the. ring on the 29th fit
and ready for the best man of his
weight In the world.
Teddy, Murphy, manager of Nelson,
announces that he will have a goodly
wager down on his man when he
clashes with the Denverite. Murphy fig
ures that the betting will be about 10 to
7, and says he will place a couple of
thousand of his own coin on the Nor
wegian. He also expects to act as a
betting commissioner for several well
known Eastern sporting men who like
Nelson's chances. A few wagers have
been made at odds of 10 to 7 in Cor
bett's favor. ¦ •
The fight fans are still waiting for
the Yosemite Club to discover some
likely young man worthy of a set-to
with J. Edward Britt for the December
date of the club. Manager James Cof
froth finds the role of a discoverer a
difficult one to play. Light and feather
weight pugilists who have the reputa
tion of giving the public a run for Its
money do not lurk in every ' hamlet,
so it can readily be seen Mr. Coffroth
will be forced to resort to some allur
ing bait in order to capture the lad who
will make the fighting Brltt extend
himself.
The winner of the Corbett-Nelson
bout still looks rather good to Coftroth.
He would like to see Corbett triumph
over the battling marvel from Illinois,
for he figures that if Corbett can win
decisively the latter will again be re
stored to the good graces of the San
Francisco public and, with added con
fidence, would give Mr. Britt a good
time for a fair portion of twenty rounds
at least.
Alex Greggains announces he will
turn forth several new boys at his
regular monthly boxing show at
Woodward's Pavilion on Friday night.
Here is the card: George Peterson
(champion) vs. Billy McDonald, at
145 pounds; Harry Tenny (champion)
vs. Harry McCloud, at 115 pounds;
Ben Crossley vs. "Soldier" Relger, at
145 pounds; Harry Baker vs. Eddie
Kehoe, at 115 pounds; Joe Williams
vs. Billy Carroll, at 122 pounds; Kid
Christie vs. Walter Harris, at 128
pounds, and Harry Riley vs. Joe Gor
man, at 145 oounds.
Fast Amateurs 'Matched.'
DECEMBER DATE
YET UNFILLED
SIDNEY DILLON
WILL BE SOLD
-10.000 each on the Grand Circuit this
year, as follows:
E. F. Geen $43,735
Charles ds Ryder 38,223
George Spear 24.£k>
W. J. Andrews 23.830
W. L. Snow 10.835
A. L. Thomas 17,722
Robert Smith U.'J'M)
Scott Hudson 13.43.1
Alonzo' McDonald 13.13O
A. P. McDonald 11.20.-:
Haver James IO.OoO
James de la Montanya has reached
home from his trip on the Grand Cir
cuit. Ho is accompanied • by the well
kn«:wK trainer Jack Currv. driver o*
the famous pacer Prince Alert (1:59»4).
Curry piloted Mr. Montanya's good
mare Tuna (2:08%) in many of her races
this year and drove her to her record,
v.liich is the fastest heat bv a four
year-cld thia season. Curry will re
main in California all winter and may
handlf- a few rurners until the train-
Ins season for trotters opens in earnest.
Frcrilr E. Wright of Sacramento, w! o
was an amateur driver a year ago,
raced .all through the Pacific Coast thia
year and showed himself one of the
cleverest relnsmen on the circuit. Hl3
campaign was quite a profitable ona, as
he started in twenty-eight races and
was never outside the money and won
two-third3 of them. Wright -will send
his good pacer Kelly Briggs (2:00U) a
mile against time at the next meeting
of the Sacramento Driving Club. Ha
should beat his record.
Force is a member of Sigma Nu, Skull
and Kevs and the Golden Bear socie
ties, and is one of the most popular men
in the university. He is 21 years old,
six feet two inches in height and
weighs 174 pounds. , «
Force haa played in two games with
Stanford, as a varsity man. Last year
he went into the game in the second
half, having been substitute fullback
and tackle. This year he played as
regular tackle throughout the game.
His work was brilliaxit and consistent,
and though hammered repeatedly by
Stanford's killing tandem plays he
¦withstood the fierce pounding and re
mained In the game to the end.
The new California captain's football
experience began at the Colorado
School of Mines, where he played for a
number of years as tackle on the North
Denver High School team. He was a
tackle for two years on the Denver
Wheel Club team.
BERKELEY. Nov. 15.— James A.
Force, who was elected captain of the
varsity football eleven at a banquet in
fan Francisco last Monday night, was
conceded to have the coveted position
in his grasp, there being practically no
opposition to his election. With Stroud
and HeitmuUer out of the team next
year. Force was the former's logical
successor. His election was by accla
mation.
FOOTBAU* PLATER WHO WILL
CAPTAIN THE CALIFORNIA
ELEVEN NEXT EEASON.
Walter S. Hobart has a number of
smart ponies in training:, including
the famous Silver .Dick, i
General A. W. Barrett will act as
presiding judge at the race meeting.
Major J. L. Rathbone and John Par
rott have, been invited to act as stew
ards.
Rudolph Spreckels' string of ten
ponies will be brought down to-day
from his Napa establishment, where
they have .been in training, and will
be stabled on the Clark place at San
Mateo.
On the two days of racing a special
train will leave Third and Townsend
streets at I- o'clock, returning after
the last race. The fare will be $1,
which will include admission to the
track.
W. E. Pedley is due to-morrow from
Los Angeles with fifteen ponies. The
best of his string are Carlotta and
Queen Rucker. H. S. Praed and F.
D. Hudson will also come north. They
will ride in the races and will also
play polo.
The polo games will be played on
the Country Club field a.t Burlingame.
The private race course of Charles
"W. Clark is undergoing a transforma
tion under the skillful touch of Sec
retary Robert Lelghton of the asso
ciation, assisted by D. W. Donnelly,
Mr. Clark's representative.
The finishing post has been moved
down the track some distance, thus
allowing a longer stretch run and
making the finishes more spectacular.
The track has been reduced to a
width of thirty-five feet, which is pro
nounced ample for pony racing, in
which the fiel»ls are seldom large. The
space saved will be used for parking
the other traps, from which the spec
tators can have an unobstructed view
of the course.
Exciting Sport Promised When Uie
Thoroughbreds in Miniature Start.
The officials of Ihe California Polo
and Pony Racing Association are en
thusiastic over the prospects for their
meeting at Burlingame during
Thanksgiving week. There will be
three days devoted to polo and two
to racing.
POXY RACING AT SAX MATEO.
EATRLES FOR TO-DAY.
First race^ — Six furlongs, three- year-old* and
up. selling.
7402 "Lady AthellnfC (McLaughlln) K»
6700 Molto (Shannon) 10
7407Vulcala (Eiell) 105
7306 Myrtle H (Hertxell) 102
7345 MoKketo (Wilson) I 03
7168»Conger (Kirk A Co.) 97
6002 Shorty Kane (Miller) 9*
KM2 'Ubbie Candid (Appleby) *'
712OCrUcli (Gruwell) 101
7301* 'Box Elder <Moran> I0O
(7326)*Karabel (Bottger & Harmon 10+
64S7 Blackthorn (Fink) 1"5
Second race — Seven furlcngs, three-year-olda
and up fillies and mares, selling.
7415 Monia (Ezell) 103
'Briers (Rowell) 100
7403 'Penzance (Stover) OS
7402 'Northwest (Clifford) 9*
7405 Ishlana (Henshall) 101
(K30S)AlIopath (Lamasney Broa.) 107
e»0O»Anirad (Coffey) 10O
7406 'Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 102
Third race— Six furlongs, three-year-cldi «rul
up, selling.
7347 Estado (Tanner) 10>">
7412 *Mlmo (Sheridan) U*
. fi350 Cousin Carrie (Burger) 102
7407 Lurene (Moonnead Farm) 1"3
73»;» Dotterel (Lynch) lC-»
(5711 "Flaneur (Biancht & CoO 07
7400 "Oronte (Piedmont Stable) 10«>
7347 *D». Sherman (Hopper) 10O
7340 Step Around (Tupper) 1C9
7412 Bell Reed (Fitzgerald) 109
(4316)»Bronz» Win* (Fountain) 97
6G4l)Bard Burns (Judge) 105
Fourth race — One mile, all agea, handicap.
7404 Bombardier (Skinner) l«t
6620 Last Knight (Lamasney Sros.) 103
Stroller (Brinkworth) 112
6744 Grafter (Blaslngame) 108
Fifth race — Five •furlongs, thre*-year-olds
and up, purse.
7344 Redan (Strobel) 11*
7300 Hurrah III (Smith) 10*
Belladona, ( ) 11*
6625 Military Man (Ferguson) 10-j
(fMW5) Honiton (Ryan) . .' 104
(74C5)AndreW B. Cook (Stanfleld A Ellis). . 10.1
7317 Misty's Pride (Jones) 107
7416 Kenllworth (Stover) 107
*.-... W R. Condon (Ezell) 117
&KJO Adirondack (Shannon) 1»4
("400)Albula (Lamasney Bros.) 117
Sixth race — One mile, three-year-old* and
up. sellinc
7418 Meiatersinger (Henshall) I1O
710ti 'Foxy Grandpa (Coftey) 10O
72«7 Prince Blazes (Balrd) 107
7410 'Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 102
S35t$ 'Ethel G (Klein) 07
(7410)'Canejo (Kirk A Ct>.) 103
6738 Constable (Stockton Stable) 107
7307 Gaucho (Garden City Stable) 103
•Apprentice allowance.
Elliott looked to have a splendid
chance In the handicap, but was sore
and none of the smart ones purchased
any pasteboards on him. ¦
Jim Murphy, who raced a string of
horses In California several seasons
ago, among others being Buck Massie,
was a visitor at the track yesterday.
Jere Dunn, the well known New York
turfman, whose mare Sunny Slope was
a sensational performer some years
ago. was about the ring and paddock
yesterday. This is Mr. Dunn's first
trip to California and he thinks the
track across the bay one of the most
perfectly appointed ones he has ever
seon. The Eastern horseman has a
small but select stable at Oakland.
On December 10 the firm of Burns
& "Waterhouse will sell twenty-two su
perbly bred yearlings at Oakland track.
Among the stallions represented are
Eddie Jones, Altamax, Figaro, Take
Notice and St. Avonicus.
Through the defeats of Diderot and
Judge the books partially recouped
some of the losses sustained on Sat
urday and Monday.
McLaughlin put up a vigorous finish
on G. W. Trahern and had Sullivan not
drawn his whip at the paddock the
result might have been reversed.
Ink. which finished third In the last
event, was as good as 60 to 1 in the
betting. x , ¦•-'}•.
,TJie Lamasney entry was well played
for the show.
Revolt, winner of the first race, was
bid ud from $400 to $600 bv Joe Ruiz.
Vic Gilbert retained the mare.
Charley Henshall arrived from Chi
cago yesterday. His stable preceded
him several days.
TRACK NOTES.
On the strength of her showing in a
race last Saturday, Sea Voyage looked
far and away the best in ihe five Vind a
half furlonpf scramble for two-year-old
fillies. The bi^ speculators eagerly
snapped up all the 7 to 10 hung out
against the Miller entry, and it proved
a gpod investment. Piloted by Knapp,
she scored with plenty In reserve
from Lillian Ayres, the mount of
Davis. Fntre Nous ran third, after
leading almost to the stretch.
Charley Ilenshall's Meistersinper
created quite a flurry during the betr
ting on the concluding race of the day.
Opening up at C, the odd* fell to \\b,
but the "Wagner horse did nothing to
warrant the plunge.- "Kerry Patch"
McLaughlin rode the' favorite. G.
Trahern, and, after a duel through the
stretch with Fille d'Or, earned the de
cision by a scant length. Lloyd Foun
tain dropped in third with Ink, a rank
outsider from the Lamasney barn.
Mountebank made a joke of the first
six and a half furlong sprint, galloping
in at odds of 7 to 1. Diderot, which
with W! Davis in the saddle was in
stalled favorite at S to 5, .looked as if
he had been rusticating at the sea
shore, lasting long enough, however,
to dispose of Sugden for the place.
Galanthus was not ready:-
SEA VOYAGE A 'WINNER.
Not all of the short priced ones the
talent backed met disaster, however.
Elrodun. Sea Voyage and G. W. Tra
hern, three choices, registered first. The
attendance was good and the betting
brisk.
A catch-as-catch-can assortment of
platers lined up in the opening event
with Brennus starting a 17 to 10 favor
ite. "Big Bill" Knapp had the leg up
on Revolt and, outbreaking his field at
the start, won all the way. Bell, astride
the first choice, moved up by degrees,
beating out Red Damsel for the place.
The winner was quoted at 8 to 1
throughout the betting.
There were ten starters In the
maiden two-year-old affair with two
hot ones developing in .Edrodun and
Phalanx. The former with Sheehan
in the saddle finally closed favorite and
was in front from start to finish.
Andavari, a 10 to 1 chance, took the
place from Thn Reprobate by more
than a length. Phalanx ran green, but
Mill do later on.
THKEE CHOICES REGISTER.
Of course the track at Emeryville was
in a sloppy condition yesterday and.
Just as when the Police Commissioners
meet, everybody looked for something
to be doing. There was, but the long
est priced winner of the afternoon, Ven
ator, eluded the sharpshooters.
Dr. Rowell's gelding made one of a
company of six starting In the three
quarters of a mile handicap, and was
friendless and neglected at 25 and 30 to
1. Judge, from the McAlester string,
carrying Michaels and 105 pounds,
struck the public fancy about right, the
price dropping from threes to 8 to 5
favoritism. Neither Elliott nor Kenil
worth were accorded a smile, though
Royal Rogue had a few admirers. It
proved a two-horse race from the start,
Venator and the favorite giving the
others the slip. The despised outsider
possessed all varieties of speed and, ex
cellently handled by Anderson, downed
Judge a couple of lengths at the wire.
The show fell to Royal Rogue. . .
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
OXE RUN SETTLES THE GAME.
Error — Van Buren. Two-base hits — Runkle,
Shay. First baee on error — Portland. First
base on called ball — Off Thielman 1. Left on
1 a«os — San Francisco S. Portland 6. Struck
out — By Barber 1, by Thielman 1. Double
plays—* Thellman to Kellackey to Beck; Irwln
to Anderson to Van Buren. Time of game —
One hour 30 minutee. Umpire — Christie.
The Seals got their only run in the
third spasm, when Gorton, Barber and
Hildebrand each tore off hits. "With
a full house Thielman issued his soli
itary pass to Irwln, forcing Gorton
home with the run. The Seals again
filled ud the sacks in the seventh on
three straight hits by the same men,
but this time Pat Meany had nothing
but a little pop fly. which Shay gob
bled. Walter Christie, the popular
Berkeley trainer, umpired the game
and wielded the indicator like a past
master. The score:
Portland— I Pan Francisco —
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Cman.cf 5 10 3 O Hldbnd.lf 4 0 2 3 0
Mrdck.rf 5 0 12 O.Meany.rt 4 0 13 0
Rnkle.3b 4 0 3 O 3 ! Irw!n.3b 3 0 10 6
Beck lb 4 0 O 12 0 VnBn, lb 4 0 1 12 0
f?hay. 8.. 4 1 1 3 4 Wldrn.cf 4 0 15 0
4 12 3 3 Andsn.2b 4 0 0 2 5
Ndeau.lf 4 0 12 0 Gchnr. s 3 0 1 0 2
TCllcey. c 4 1 2 2 2 Gorton.c 4 0 0 2 0
Thlman.p 4 110 2 Barber.p 4 12 0 4
i 'Wheeler 10 10 0
Total».M 5 11 27 14J
I Totals.35 1 10 27 17
•Batted for Gochnauer In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland O O 0 O 0 0 5 O 0 — 5
Bai-e hits 11100O7 1 0—11
San Franclsoo ..001000000—1
Base hlU 013 002 30 1—10
SUMMART.
The fielding was fast and sharp, al
though the diamond was wet and slip
pery. The game was played in an hour
and thirty minutes and was full of life
in each spasm. The Brownies played a
grand game, just like a big league
team. Danny Shay did some fielding
that would have made the St. Louis
fans proud of him, cutting off at least
three hits bv his good work.
Mr. Barber was an effective young
pitcher a&ainst the Brownies at Oak
land yesterday until Danny Shay ush
ered in the seventh spasm -with a re
sounding two-cushion shot out to left
field. Danny's example was straight
way followed by six other young men
and when thev all got through taking
rides on the offerings of Mr. Barber
It was curtains for the day. Score —
Portland 5, San Franolsco 1.
The Oakland ball field was never vthe
scene of a prettier nor a more spectac
ular batting bee than the one pulled
off in round seven. Every man who
advanced to the plate took a swing
on that sphere and zing! it went every
time. San Francisco was lucky to get
a run. although Jake Thielman was
stung for ten safe bingles.
The Seals had the game sewed up
and ready for delivery when Danny
fc'hay waded into a fast one in the sev
enth. It went to the left field for two.
Then Spencer laid down a bunt and
Kellackey did likewise, creating a full
house. Nadeau hit and Thielman hit
and Murdock hit and Runkle hit ana
between them* all they sent in five
runs. Each and every hit had the real
brand stamped upon it and each
counted.
OAKLAND, Tuesday, Nov. 15. Weather threatening. Track sloppy*
741«. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling: 4-year-old» up: value first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. K. %. *• Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7350 Revolt. 4 (V. Gilbert) '... 103 ~3 !7! 14 15 1 1 1 % (Knapp 8 *
7400 BrennuB. 4 (Judge & Co.).... 104 1... 4h45212$ IBell «j? t 2
• 403 Red Damsel. 5 (Mrs. Russell).. 109 7 ... 2 12 1%3 3 3 4 IHolbrook .. 5-2 7-
":«(> Educate, 6(5. A. Hoppas) 104 2 ... 3^3% 62 in |McBride .. 8 "
7403 Silurian. 0 (Lamasney Bros.).. 68 6 ... 7 4 8 2 4 4 5 4 |Herb*rt ... » "
7400 Dr. Snorb, J. (W. McNames). 104 5 ... 6h 63 64 66 ISulHvan ... •*> ">
7400 Achilles. 5 (J. J. McCabe) . . 106 8 ... 8 7 7 7 Kunz * J|>
6735 L. Rowell. 4 (Elm wood Farm) [113 4 ... 5*4 Pulled up. iDomlnlck.. .| 10 Ia
Time. :24«4. :49, 1 :16vl. 1:23%. At post 1H minutes. Off at 2:13. Revolt, place. 3; "how.
3-2. Brennus. place 7-10; show, 1-8. Damsel, show, 3-5. Winner. ch. m by bt.
Carlo-Anarchy. Trained by V. Gilbert. Scratched— Bronze Win*. Sir ** >u S aI i,,J? ta > r.
good. Won all out. Next two driving hard. Winner bid up from »4©O to 1600 »y
Musto A Ruiz. Retained. Revolt vu getting very limber at the clow and B«"ej nu *
might have won with a stronger ride. Red Damsel Is a coquette and miflu na\e
been only flirting. Keep her on your visiting list. Educate lacked speed. Silurian
can do better. Achilles may do on a sticky track. Lady Rowell couldn t walk in
the going.
7414. SECOND RACE— Five furlonga: purse;mald. 2-y.-o. colts & geldings: value 1st. $325.
Index Horse and Owner! WtjSt. %. %. 94. Str. Ftn. Jockey, j Op. Cl.
.... Edrodun (Lagoria & Co.).... OS! 1 ... 1 1^1 1 1111 J. Sheehan. 2 11-5
Andvari (Mrs. Knapp) 110 2 ... 2 % 2-tf 2 1 2 1% W. Knapp . 8 10
.... The Reprobate (J. O. Ke«ne) 98 7 ... 44 44 43 3 Kunz 10 ••
LIIHtus (J. Hackett) 110 3 ... 3 1 3 }, 3 n 4 »* Vlckery ... 20 8
....¦ Phalanx (Moormead Farm)..*. 113 9 ... 8%8%5n 52 Domlnick .. 3 5-2
6081 Baker ( J. J. McAlester) 104 6 ... 7172 66 66 H. Michaels 8 10
7401 Chestnut (A. Roan) 103 8 ... 9 10 9B 73 74 Reed 2O 3O
6279 Calculate (Blasingame Bros.) 107 4 ... 62 52 82 82 Oosswalte 12 1»
6762 Gild <T. E. Jones) 101 5 ... i»6HB8 94 Herbert .... 12 20
'6647 Glacoma (R. A. Smith) flOl 10 ... 10 10 10 10 Greenfield . 10 """
Time. :24, :50*i. 1:03%. At post 2 minute*. Off at 2:30^. Edrodun. place. 1; show 1-2.
Andvari. place, 4; show, 2- Reprobate, show. 1. Winner, b. g. by Eddie Jones- Miss
Rowena. Trained by J. Murphy. Scratched— Forerunner, FUher Boy. Start gooa.
Won cleverly. Next four driving hard. Edrodun looked all In. but drew away
hit with the whip at the paddock. Andvari did well. LUlltus a fine-looking colt wltn
good prospects. Phalanx ran green, but has the looks and will be heard from later.
under this hetdlngaba^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^,^^^^^ ,-..— ¦— — ~
7413. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlong*; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. WtlSt. ~*. W. %• Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op- Cl.
740.". JMountebank. a (Keating) lOt 3 1 % 1 1 12 IS ,15 Sullivan ... 8 T
Gi'Jl Diderot, ti (Santa Fe Stable). 100 4 2 1V42 3 2 5 2 3-2% Davis S-5 3-*
731)6 Sugden. a (J. Sturgeon) 104 2 3^3 2^3 2 31&3 2* Herbert ... 8 12
17400) Hipponax. a (A. C. Dean) 100 7 7 4 n 4 I«i4 2-4 4 |Holbrook .. 4 7-2
7050 Galanthus. C (Mrs. CofCey)... 1OJ 1 4 n « P I>i5 4 0 « Fitipntrick 3 S
llonla. 4 <L. H. EzeH) 1OT{ 5 5 V. 5 h 7 64 64 Barrett ... 20 60
73'.*? [Miss Culver (Bckhelen & Co.).|lC0! ti « h 7 ¦ 0 y t 7 7 Crosswaite 8 "*
Time — :24i;; liOVi. 1;1B%; 1:23%. At post Off at 3:02. Mountebank, place
5-2; show 1. Diderot, place 3-fi; show 1-3. Sudden, show 5-2. Winner, ch. g.. by Mon
tana-I'ert. Trained by W. Keating. Scratched— Hindoo Princess, Moccrtto, Nullah.
Start >?ood. Won In a gallop. Second and third driving hard. Mountebank revels in
sloppy going and was the only one ready. Race will do DiiWot good. He looked high.
SuKdcn should have, been second 1 . Hlpponax carried stable money, but made . a poor
"shewing. Track nutted Galanthus. but 1 }£_^"°5 j J^L e^^Li?!l^ w iI!2^5 J : 1?!£5!?'-.jx j -o-..
741». FOURTH ICACE— Six furlongs; handicap; all ap:»: value to flryt. $400.
Indexl Horse and Owner. • fwtjSt. *i . ~ Vi~ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
tH-W I Venator. 4 (H. E. Rowell) |102| 5 ... 11 1 % 1 Vn 1 2 | Anderson .. 10 25
7405 Ju.igv, 3 (J. J. MeAlester) 105 3 ... 2 V4 2 2M.2 3 2 4 |H. Michaels 3 8-3
7405 1 Royal Rupue 5 (J. Xealon). . 105 4 ... 3 2 3 1« 2 3 4 3 1^|J. Jones 5 16-5
7405 Christine A. 08 1 ... 4rk5 3 62 43 I W. Knapp.. 10 20
tata Elliott. 4 (M. J. Daly)... 114 2 ... 6 V C « 5 V> !W. Daly... 8-5 0
74<)5 Kcnllwoith. 6 (H. Stover).... 113 « ... 5 1^4 % 4 4 6 JDcmlnlck ¦ 2 7-2 •
Time — :2I, :49Vi. 1:15. At posts minutes. Off at 3:.5O. Venator, place 8; show 3. Judge,
place 3-5; show 1-3. Rogue, show 1-2. Winner, ch. g.. by Brutus-Playful. Trained by
H. E. Rowell. Start good. Won cleverly. Second drivlnjr. Third easily. Venator
outfooted fudge from the Jump. Latter swerved when Mlcha-ln drew the whip eighty
yards front* home. Rogue can do better on a dry track. Chrlstln» A can down cheaper
onei. Elliott took the "neelngr Emeryville" car. .JCenllworth oft badly.
7417. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; purse: 2-year-old fillies: value first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IV.'t St. Vi. %T %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. OpI CK
7401 Sea Voyage (Mrs. Miller) |10O 2 ... 2 2 2 4 2 2 1 2«£ W. Knapp. 7-10 3-5
8007 Lillian Ayres (P. McAuliffe). 101 6 ... 4 1%4 4 32 22 Davia 6 7
7408 Entre Nous <J. C. Nealon)... U>o 1 ... 1 1V41 n 1 n 3 2 J. Jones... 4 16-5
5991 Bologna (Parker & Co 112 4 ... 3 h 3 3%4 3 4 7 Sherwood . 2 6
7401 Alone (Summers & Co.) 100 5 ... 56 57 55 5 5 McLaghlln 8 20
6700 Duplex (J. Touhey) 101 3 ... 6 6 6 6 J. T.Shehn. . 15 20
Time — :24, :51»4. l:10i«. At post 1^ minutes. Off at 3:55^. Voyage, place. 1-4; show, out.
Ayres, place, 2; show, 4-5. Entre Nous, show, 7-20. Winner, ch. f. by Pirate of Pen
zance-GIadness. Trained by J. Stem. Start eood. Won very easily. Second driving.
Third stopping badly. Sea Voyage improved the health of the talent. Lillian Ayres
ran a nice race. Entre Nous tired in the stretch. There must have been some skin off
Bologna, for she ran like a homemade sausage. Duplex no mudder.
TVlS^ sT5^H~RACE^7T^f'im r le?r^^
Index I Horse and Owner. wTstTtt '. %"! %T~Str. Fin. Jockey! OpI ClT
7404 G.W.Trahern. 5 (Sumrs & Co.) 104 4 • 4 1 4 \%% % *1 1 % McLaghlln 6-5 4-5
(7406) FUle d'Or. a (J. D. Kenyon).. 100 5 3 1»43 1^»1 1^1 n 2 4 F. Sullivan 5-2 9-2
7400 Ink, 4 (Lamaaney Bros.) 112 3 64 7 G%53 3H Watson 15 3»
6728 Byronerdale. 4 (J. M. Crane). 109 6 2 H 2 % 4 2*44 2V44 % W. Knapp. 5 5
7329 Inabelllta. 4 (J. Ronaldson).. 08 7 7 R 4 .". 2 S n 5 3'i!L Fbuntin 15 4<>
7400 Melsterslnger. 5 (Wright) 102 2 1V41h3n62 01 jKunx 6 6-2
.... Plrateer. 4 (Parker & Co.).... 106 1 5 2^6 5 7 7 7 |Sherwood . 20 6O
Time— :25, -.50%. 1:10%. 1:44. 1:50%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:25. Trahern, plac*. 2-5;
show, 1-5. Fllle, place. 6-5; show, 1-3. Ink. show, 5. Winner, b. g. by Rear Guard-
Rhetta B. Trained by G. Summers. Scratched — Formero. Start good. Won In a hard
drive of three. McLaughlln made Sullivan on Fllle d'Or draw his bat and that blow
sent father to the almshouse. Ink dropped from an airship at the end. Byronerdale
was shorter than Ringllng Bros.' dwarf. Melsterslnzer quit In the first round.
TV. U Pet. I "W. I>. Pet.
Oakland 57 43 .570 Seattle 47 52.475
Tacoma 67 43 .570 San Fran. ...44 51 .463
Los Angeles. S3 41 .564|Portland ....35 63 .337
Cr. W. TRAHERN. DOWNS
FILLE D'OR DRIVING
STANDING OF THE CL.UBS,
Waiter S. Hobart's fleet pony, Mari
gold, won a sensational quarter-mile
running race yesterday on F. J, Caro
lan's private track at Crossway's
Farm, Burlingame, defeating Law
rence McCreery's mare, Lucy Glitters.
The time was 25 seconds. Marigold
won by half a length. Hobart put up
$1100 in stakes to 5800 on Lucy Glitters
by McCreery. The ponies were ridden
by amateur Jockeys and the race waa
witnessed by a large gathering of so
ciety folk, though the event had been
kept as quiet as possible.
Both ponies figured in the pony races
of last season and are entered for the
Thanksgiving: day meet at C. W.
Clark's track. McCreery is not satis
fied with the outcome of the race and
another for $3000 a side will be run on
December 4.
First race — Lady Athellng, Black
thorne. Libbie Candid.
Second race — Ishlana, Allopath.
Anirad.
Third race — Dotterel, Bronze Wing,
Cousin Carrie.
Fourth race — Stroller, Bombardier,
U rafter.
Fifth race— Honiton, Andrew B.
Cook, Mlsty's Pride.
Sixth race — Canejo, 3Ieisterslnser,
Foxy Grandpa.
BY FRED E. 3IULHOLLAND..
Mountebank, an 8 to 1 Shot,
Runs Circles Around the
Redhot Favorite Diderot
Contest Is Decided on the
Private Track of Francis
J. Carolan at Burlingame
Thielman Gives the Seals
Their Only Run by Pass
ing Invin With Bags Full
PILE UP FIVE TALLIES
SOCIETY IN ATTENDANCE
ELLIOTT. OUT OF FORM,
IS A DISAPPOINTMENT
Form of the Horses
in the Running
at Oakland.
Marigold Defeats Lawrence
McCreery's Lucy Glitters
in Special Match Race
In the Seventh Round They
Trim 3Ir. Barbers Curves
for Seven Clean Bingles
With Anderson in the Saddle
and 30 to 1, He Defeats
Judge for the Handicap
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM. CHART
BROWNS HANDY
WITH THE BAT
HOBART'S PONY
FLEET OF FOOT
VENATOR SURPRISES THE TALENT AT OAKLAND
OAKLAND AND TACOMA
ARE TIED FOR FIRST PLACE IN THE PENNANT RACE
AND STRUGGLE BECOMES MORE EXCITING EACH DAY
FORCE CHOSEN
TO LEAD THE
BLUE AND GOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
10
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
i : A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
Flour on the Market.
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From •
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
K Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.' :¦;/
See Small Ad Page for Further
, . Particulars. '
| ADVERTISEMENTS. A?/
New Trunks
and Bags
Arriving every week. Our stock
of trunks, suit cases and leather
goods is absolutely without peer
in the city. We would be glad
to show you our line of goods
even if you don't buy. Come and
see us.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis StreetSun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and «eodetlc Survey —
Tims and Height of High and Low Waters
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. Pier.
November 16.
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
Arctic Hnmboldt 0 am Pier 2
TJmatilla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 20
N. Fork. . . . Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Samoa..... Los Angelea PortB. 12 m Pier 2
November 17.
J. Higglns.. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
Callfornlan. New York direct Pier 25
Centralla. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 8 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 18.
Montara.... Seattle direct . 4 pm Pier 8
Redondo Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 0
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier' 2
November 19. :
San Pedro.. * Iumb <> ld t ••• ••••••• 4 pm Pier" 2
Arcata. .... C ° O! ' »• & Pt- Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Breakwater J Coos Bay direct. . . 5 pm Pier 8
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena £ oln V, A , rena L •• 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... ? T an Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... " on ° luIu . ••; • H am Pier 7
Cy. Panama N. Y. via Ancon. . 12 m Pier 40
Aurella....- A T 8t ° r^,*? Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Eureka 5 1 u , mbo ' dt T 0 am Pier 13
Manchuria. nlna M & J«Pan. . .. 1 pm Pier 40
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 20
November 20.
S Rosa.... Sa " Dfe K° & 9 am I Pier U
b. Kosa.. November _ 21.
_, _„ Humboldt 1 -30 n Pier o
<•«*• Harbor. ...;.• 2 pr£ P.er 2
Qu"n ...-: Pu 4 et Sou " d Ports - 11 am|Pler 9
fju«>en November 23.
Coronado... * Pm Pier 10
Newburg;. . . ST;f'L H w bo £l 4 pm Pler 10
Sequoia.... Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
Bonita ewi i ort , * W * v - • 9 *™ Pier 11
Columbia...! Astoiia & Portland 11 am Pier 23
: Wcyomber 24. .
Jeanle...... Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pm Pier 20
• November 25.
Marlpoea. . . Tahiti direct . . 11 am Pier T
. - FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. J Destination. Sails.
Santa Ana.... Seldovia & Way Ports. Nov. 16
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 16
Jefferson. . . . . Skagway A "Way Ports. Nov. 18
Farallon...- •• Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 10 !
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 21
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 23
Pilot boat Pathfinder returned to port this
evening, having blown away her Jib last night
In heavy SE gale.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— The Br stmr Sikh, from
Yokohama, for Hongkong, . ashore at Shan
haikwan, came off at clgh water and is re
loading. A""-
BELLINGHAM, Nov. 15. — The stmr Shaeta
arrived here this morning, making the passage
in e8 hours from San Francisco. The stmr
Olympic arrived, 67 hour* from Saa Francisco,
beating the Shasta 1 hour. .
HONOLULU. Nov. 15.— Governor Carter
has peremptorily ordered wholesale liquor
dealers not to sell liquor to people suspected
of violating license law, and refuses to renew
the licenses of wholesalers who disobey. Car
ter's action is not sustained by the local laws.
Orders police to start strictest possible crusade.
Per Btmr Wyefleld — Had a Bucceseion of, SSE
tales for last three day».
Per bark Santiago— Nov 8, In lat 84 N, long
140 W, carried away th« malntopsall yard in
a strong southerly gale.
VALPARAISO — Arrived Oct 18 — Br itmr
Anglo-African, from Tyne.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Oct 23 — Br itmr Ar
dova, • from Manila.
PERIM — Passed Nov 1 — Br Btmr Keemun,
from Clyde, for Port Townsend.
TEJiERIFFE — Passed Oct 10 — Ger stmr
Amasis. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus.— Arrived Oct 23— Schr
Ariel, from Port Natal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Sailed Nov 15 — Stmr Phoeni
cia, for Naples and Genoa; stmr Bovlo, for
Liverpool: stmr Panonla, for Naples; Btmr
Bremen, for Bremen.
Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr Vaderland. from
Antwerp: stmr Ryndam. frcm Rotterdam;
Btmr Oscar II, from Copenhagen.
Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosee, from Bremen, Southampton and Cher
bourg.
LON DON— Arrived Nor IB — Stmr Mlnne
haha, from New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Nor 15— Stmr Kai
eer Wilhelm II, from New York.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Nor 15 — Stmr
Ventura, ' from San Francisco, .via Honolulu
and Auckland.
BREMEN— Arrived Nor 15— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II, from New York.
Memoranda.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. Dn»-
Cooe Bay Ban Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 16
Aurelia Portland & Astoria. ... Nov. 16
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 16
Titania Oyster Harbor Nov. 17
Del Norte.... Crescent City Nov. 17
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 17
Mariposa Tahiti Nov. 17
Queen Puget Sound Port* Nov. 17
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Nov. 17
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 17
Argo Eel River Ports Nov. 17
Breakwater... Cooa Bay Nov. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 17
Coronado Grays Harbor 'Nov. 17
Elizabeth Coqullle River Nov. 18
Chehalis San Pedn> Nov. 18
p Pr u New York via Ancon.-INov. 19
San Pedro. . . . San Pedro [Nov. 19
Jeanie Seattle & Taeoma .... Nov. 19
Corona Humboldt ., Nov. 19
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Nov. 20
G Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Nov. 20
Bonita Newport & Way Poru Nov. 20
Saxonla Hamburg & Way Pts. Nov. 20
Menes.. Hamburg & Way Pts. Nov. 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 20
Arctic Humboldt Nov. 20
S.Monica San Pedro |Nov. 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. I Nov. 21
State of Cal.'. San Diego & Way Pts. (Nov. 21
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor ..Nov. 21
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Nov. 22
City Puebla. • . Puget Sound Ports.... Nov. 22
Rainier Seattle & Belllngnam.. Nov. 22
S Barbara Grays Harbor Nov. 23
San Juan New York via Ancon.. Nov. 23
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 23
Northland.... Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 23
G W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. • . . Nov. 2S
Korea China & Japan Nov. 26
TO ARRIVE
RESIDENTS WANT LIGHT.— Residents
and property owners yesterday petitioned the
Supervisors to put up some lights on Fifteenth
street east of Church, and an arc light on to»
corner of Fifteenth and Dolores streets.
The rate of reinsurance- on the Norwegian
bark Kinn was advanced yesterday to 65 per
cent. The Sirene remains at 95 per cent: the
Troop at 25 per cent, and the Shenir at 5
j>er c«nt. - ' . ¦
Rate on. Kinn Is Advanced.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building wu dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
November 15. 1904.
Time Ball.
at Fort Point ' entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. •
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. ~NOVEMBER~T6.
Sun rises 6:52
Sun sets 4:53
Moon sets 0:34 a. m.
C ITime | Time] ITlme Time
£ Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
? |H W L Wj |H W L W
leTViofi] iTopfns 2~ii 7:6o a.s
.l. w Ih w !l w h w
17 0:52 1.6 7:51 T>.2] 2:0f> 2.0 8:05 3.8
IS 1:36 1.7 8:25 6.1 2:47 1.6 8:59 4.0
19 2:16 2.1*9:00 5.3 3:17- 1.0 9:52 4.1
20 2:53 2 2 9:2« 5.4 3:52 0.6110:37 4.3
21 3:31)' 2.4 9:53 . 5.5 4:2S 0.2 11:23 .4 2
22 4:07| 2.5 10:20| 6.6 8:05— 0.2|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order, of occurrence as to. time; the
fourth time column gives, (be'last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, •»
pometimea occurs. The heights given arc in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height and then the number
given Is subtracted from. the depth . given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Under the strain of the exposure of
crookedness in the United States In
ternal Revenue Office, Martin Lichten
stadter, the messenger, who succeeded
W. H. Dillard in the Internal Revenue
Office, has broken down and is now
under the care of physicians. For sev
eral days past he had been acting
queerly. More than once he had gone
into the office of John C. Lynch and
informed him that he would protect
him from George A. Wright or any
one else who might annoy him. Mr.
Lynch saw that he was laboring under
hallucinations and 'ordered him home
and under the care of his physicians.
Dillard's Successor in Revenue Oflic«
Succumbs to the Excitement of
Recent Disclosures.
IJCHTENSTADTER GOES
HOME TO BRACE XEKVES
SOUTH EEA ISLAND POLICE SCHOONER WHICH WILL SOOX BE LAUNCHED FROM BOOLE'S SHIP YARD, WHERE IT IS
EEING BUILT FOR THE GERMA-ViGOVERXXIENT FOR USE AMONG THE KAISER'S TROPICAL POSSESSIONS, FOR
WHICH THE NEW VESSEL WILL DEPART IN JANUARY.
Weather Report.
pkgs potatoes and onions 0000 posts. 78 pkgs
drugs 5C30 Bks bran. 1225 lbs coffeo, 655
canned goods 2 bbi« *nd 50 carboys acid. CO
bis hay, 470 kgs nails, iiOO hogs.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Although rshe left Honolulu two days
lifter the departure from the island
port of the transport Thomas, the liner
Alamefia, Captain Dowdell, arrived here
j-efterday eight hours before the army,
* learner put in an appearance. Aware
cf the tardy pace of the Thomas and
knowing the Alameda's consistent fleet
r.ees, the Government ordered the Phil-
Si'fine mails transferred from the troop
ship to the liner, and as a result of this
S'Tesight letters from those exiled in
Vnde Sam's Oriental possessions
leached and will reach their destina
tions twenty-four hours sooner than If
they had left Honolulu two days before
liiey did.
The Alameda was three hours late in
leaving Honolulu, but favoring breezes
iind a few extra turns of her propeller
f-aved her reputation for punctuality
tnd yesterday, before the mid-day
¦w histles sounded, the liner was tied up
at the Oceanic Steamship Company's
v. barf, all her passengers ashore and
The work of discharging cargo well un
der way.
The Alameda brought 151 passengers
nail £35 tons of -cargo. Although the
wind which prevailed for the greater
l>art of the passage was bound in the
Fame direction as the liner, it kicked
up. a nasty sea and from the lands
:rran'e point of view the weather
Throughout the voyage was dlsagree
nble. With such good care, however,
does Chief Steward Clark administer to
ihe comfort of his passengers, that,
foal weather or fair, experienced trav
elers prefer the Alameda to any liner
on the Pacific. She is a good eea boat
and when she leaves Honolulu at a
certain hour her passengers can figure
upon arrival here with a certainty un
known to overland travel.
Among the Alameda's passengers
vere the following:
A. L. Atkinson. E. T. Dow, J. D. Dole;
Mr. Gillis wife and child; N. J. Hoffman, A.
Jlerbert and wile, R. C. Lydeker, Jlrs. H. W.
Lake and sen, L. L. Mann. A. McKillip, E.
E. Parton and wife. J. J. Pratt, J. P^oss
r T.I wife. P. S. RIdmcre, Mrs. P. Watson,
I\ C. Wi-.'.tr.ey. Dr. AV. C. Wile. Alex Young.
Hawkins Breaks the Ring.
Timothy Hawkins, d«aier In sailors, and
rct.ll a few days ago a member of a ring
eJ fhipp'ng caster* organized to control the
tuslaem cf eupplying crewi to deep-«ea ships,
h&s stepped to the lore as a trust buster, and
. - o tcken of his smashing ability the cor
jier in saJlors no longer exists and the ring
1* not. Timothy has been reading the lile
cf Philander Kr.ox. and -when the "ring" sat
back for a higher bid from the captain of
The British ehip Gaigate. Timothy decided
that eomraiBEioE or blood meney, en the scale
considered worth while by the "ring," wa»
en iniculty dat the former Attorney Gen
eral would not have countenanced. Without
consulting any one, trusting to the guidance
cf "The Life of Philander Knox" and bis own
conscience Timothy furnished the GaJgate's
skipper wiih tweixe stout wdlonsen. charging
r r-. • : « 1 ' -. or a cent ot eommlsaicn. , - . ¦
"I'm doing this for the men. Cap. Poor
leUowa, they work hard enough for their
rocney; let th*m have it all. And a* far
as you're concerned. Cap, lf» anything Tim
cihy Hawkins has. P-osenfelt Is President for
four years more. Our dlr.key little combine
«.s doomed, anyhow, and Timothy Hawkins
c*-clfied that he would smash It up before
It got a grip like the Standard Oil hae. If
they aek you Jn Liverpool how you done it,
fust say this: 'I seen Timothy Hawkins and
fce dace the iKjaare thing by me.' "
Sister Schooners In Close Race.
The twin slerter steam echoonere Eha»ta
•cd O^risjsle, each commanded by a Captain
Xiamen, the Hansens being brothers, nave
Just finished a close race from this port to
Uclllr-ghasa. The Olnrplc won by a margin
ef cne hour. and. Incidentally, the sturdy lit
tle coasters established a new record between
thei>e ports for boats of their class. The
Olvrnplc's time »m nixty-seven hours. The
f hasta took an hour linger. The Olympic is
the older of the schooners, and her victory
T.as ecn^ethir.g of a turprtse. Both boats were
In ballast. When the veesels are loaded each
Itaneen will do his best to make the best time
<a the homeward run. The vessels belong
to the E. K. Wood Lumber Company.
C120th Meridian. Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15—5 p. in.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 44-30 Philadelphia 42-34
Boston 40-:t4 Washington 44-34
Jacksonville 60-42; New York 60-84
St. Louis 43-34 Pittsburg- 44-30
Chicago 44-32 Honolulu, H. I... 80-70
New Orleans 62-40
SAN FRANCISCO 62-54
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last ueason, and rainfall in last twenty
four hours :
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Sea«on.
Eureka 49 8.54 10.01
Red Bluff *....•. 36 9.49 2.57
i Sacramento 74 6.24 1.69
6an Francisco 82 7.85 1.57
Fresno 01 5.05 .19
Independence 00 .47 . .42
Bar. Luis Oblspo 10 , 4.69 .08
Los Angeles 00 1.13 .43
Ban. Diego , .00 .16 - .07
TH"E COAST RECORD.
I 17 If ** H I
STATIONS. I jjjjjjiiS fa g
f Ti r r I
Baker 29.98 52 44 STV Pt.CTdy .00
Carron 30.08 f>0 22 BE Clear T.
Eureka 30.12 60 54 8 Cloudy .64
Fresno 30.10 6S 44 NW Clear .01
SB. Farallon..30.14 60 67 "W Clear. .61
Flagstaff 30.08 64 14 W Cloudy .00
Pocatello 30.04 54 28 E Cloudy .01
Independence 29. t>S 70 84 W Clear .00
Ix>s Angeles.. 30. OS 68 48 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Mt. T.inmlpais30.14 55 49 W Clear .65
North Head... 29. 96 58 BW Cloudy .OS
Phoonlx 30.00 7« 38 NW Cloudy .00
Pt.Reyes Lt..S0.09 62 64 NW Clear .47
Portland 30.00 60 50 SW Rain .30
Red Bluff ...30.12 62 52 SH Clear .38
Ros>»b-.irg 30.04" 58 60 B Cloudy .44
Becramtnto ..30.12 66 62 NBJ Clear .74
Bait Lake 29. M 68 80 E Cloudy .00
Ban- Franclsco30.16 62 54 W Clear .32
S. L. Oblspo..30.10 66 48 W Clear . .10
Ban Diego ...30.02 68 CO NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.92 66 44 BE Clear .68
Bpokane 29.86 64 32 SW Cloudy .10
Tatoonh 48
Walla Walla.. 29.94 62 38 W Pt.CTdy .08
Wlnnemucca .30.00 64 34 S Clear T.
Yuma 29.98 74 42 NB Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm over British Columbia, this morn-
Ing has moved rapidly eastward. Light rain
fell from San Luis Obl*po and Fresno north
ward. In the Sacramento Valley and the
northern portion of th<? San Joaquln Valley
the rain waa sufficient to benefit plowing and
eowlnp. The weather is clearing rapidly over
California and Nevada.
The pressure has risen very rapidly over the
Pacific Slope during the day.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, November 16:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
¦wept wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
west wind
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; fresh west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Wednesday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair Wednesday.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster, Temporarily In Charge.
Recognition for Yonng Officer.
Owing to DI heaith, H. C. Wlnslow. purser
ef the Pacific Mail Company'* ate&mahlp
Vanchurla, ha« been granted a leave of ab
• ¦ nee and W. Robertsoa has been appointed
t«-mporiirily in hi« place. Robertson :s the
>ounF*tst purser in the Pacific Mall service,
and hie appojntment to the important position
rf rurser ol the giant liner, where the purser's
duties are of a weight and on a. scale in
V'T'.r.g with the vessel's dimensions, is con
cif*.rr*'cl a high tribute to the estimation in
•which he i* h^ld. Robertson's worth was rec
ogTi:*«>d «hen he «ai acting ca freight clerk
en the liner Siberia, and a little while ago he
*es tca^e purser en the Panama line.
Will Be Ready for the New Year.
The rascline echooner belnjr built by W.
A_ Boole & Ben (inc.) for the German Gov
ernment's u»e in the South Pea» will be
r*a<iy to go into corr.ml«»ion early in Janu
srjr. This trim 125-tcnner will be something
now in th« echooner line and will doubUesu
rrove of sxeat value in the administration
of the law among Germany's South Sea.
Islands. Fhe wiW have comfortable . quarter*
f r /r officers and for a number of native po-
I.'-e, by whom the will be used as a transport.
in Heavy Weather.
TY* bark Santiago, which arrived here ye«
t*rifcj- jrom Honolulu, encountered heavy
w*at.h«r during the pasnage, and on Novrm
b»r 6, in 2* north, 140 wgt. In a southerly
reJe. lost her mair.topmait yard. Fhe was 22
<Jay» on tbe passage and brought 11.057 baes
<t su£er.
City of Pnrbla's 'past Run.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
coarter City of Pucbla. Captain Jepeen, which
arrived yesterday' at Victoria from this port.
ros.de the ran in fifty hours, ¦ which Is within
two hours of ~ih« ' rwrd, made eeven years
ero, whtn the late Captain Dcbacy command
e4 tbe ve»d. ; '
Charters.
TJ»» British ship Hampton is chartered for
lurcher from Portland -to a' direct citrate port
at »l« Sd; Onuan bark Oetcrb^k. tame buM
neu from Hastl&jcr Millg to Callao at 35s;
British bark Ruihwrll, ¦ flour from Portland to
Cape Town at 23* 3d: echooncr W. H. aiarston,
ren«»ra.l cargo from ¦ tiiln port to Hllo.
Exports for Hawaii.
The rtewnw Neva/San tailed on Sunday for
Hanotola ana Kahuiul with an assorted mer
. bBnfllse canro valued at $21S».734 and Includ
iTwr the folio wine: ST7 bbls flour, 5890 ctls
g?aiS Sf^as saw;
t.;:S s jara«". jibs. ttrssSg
lbs cheese. 4M3 railroad ties. lt>0 c, »«o!ine
255 pk« fruits. 115 pkr* dry rood" *£$*&
dried fruit. 2S« cs and £23 pals whisky 40 rvi
lbs eoda, 1120 lbs butter, 12.740 lbs co^h
8J5 sks xaiddllnes. 217 cs eoap. J00 cs Dowrter
M coil. rope. T24S lbs beans! 403 bbls Ume'
ICQ tons pig Iron. 287 eteel platee, 30 cs cirarL
erd cicarettee. 700 lbs tea, 87 bbls and 7 cs
eaimon. 11 cs arms and ammunition P2 cs
turprntine. 114« pkps pipe. 10 drums dlrt'llat*
JO bbls pitch. » cs hat*. 150 bbls. and too y v'i
cement. 104 «al« brandy, B00 tks ««Jt Cs.-'s
rks rertillrerB, 12.810 ft lumber, 7 bbls tar
118 ca boot* and «hoe«, 68 pke« cotton do
mestics, 40 bdU Eheetlce*. 23 c» flanatls, 1C5
ARRIVED
Tuesday. November 15.
U S etmr Thomas. Lyrr.an, 31 da>-e 18 hours
from Manila, via Nagasaki 24 Va days,
Honolulu 8 days 2 hours.
Br stmr "SYyefleld, Watson, 4^ day* from
Nanairno.
Strcr Phoenix. Odland. 28 boom from Eu
reka.
Ptmr Pomo, Ahl!n, 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell. 5 days 22 hours
from Honolulu.
Etmr Argyll. Qilboy, hours from R«
dondo, uj> river direct.
Stmr George W. Elder, Raiulall, 66% hours
from Portland, via Astoria C5 hours.
Bark Santiago, Anderson, 22 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Newark. Hanoen, 21 hours from Bow
em Landing.
CLEARED.
• . Tuesday, November 15.. ¦
etmr Corcna.. Glelow, Eureka: P C S 8 Co.
Br bark Invrrciyde. King. Sydney; Hind,
Roljh & Co.
BAILED.
Tuesday, Norember 13.
Btmr Bonita. Preble. San Pedro and way
ports.
Etmr MaEirle.. "Whitney. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr BrookljTi. Carlson, Mendoeino.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, Eureka.
Etmr National City, Hammer, Fort Braxsc.
Etmr George Loomls, Badger, Redondo.
Etmr W. H. Kruper, Norberg, Eureka,
Stmr Greenwood, Wai tig, Westport.
etmr Gipsy, Gray, Santa Cruz
Echr Bessie K, Stark, San Vicente Landing.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Bolinaa.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov. 15, 10 p. m. — "Weather
haiy; wind ¦weet. velocity 6 miles per hour. I
SPOKEN.
Per tunr Alameda— Nov 12, in lat SI 25 Jf.
long 138 43 "W. Br Btmr Doric, henc«i for
China and Japan, via Honolulu; Nov 14 — In
lat SS 24 N. long 129 37 W, passed a bark
thougrht to bo Santiago, from Honolulu, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 13.
Arrived Nov 13 — Stmr Despatch, hence Nov
12.
PORT ANGELES — Arrived Nov 14 — Bktn
Robert Sudden, from Santa Rosalia; Br ship
Wanderer, hence Oct 21.
TACOSIA — Cleared Nov 15 — Ft ship Desaix
and Ger ehip Aldebaran, for U. K.
BELLTNGHAM— Arrived Nov IB— Stmr
Olymplo. hence Nov 12; Btmr Rainier, from
Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr Shasta, hence Nov 12.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr
James S Hlggini-, hence Nov 14.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 16 — Stmr Nor
wood, hence Nov 13.
Sailed Nov 14 — Stmrs Fulton and laqua, for
San Francisco; schr Annie Larsen, for Port-
Nov 15 — Etmr Norwood, hence Nov
ABERDEEN — Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr New
burg, hence Nov 12. .•-«.. ..
FANTA BARBARA — Sailed Nov 18 — Stmr
Coos Bay, lor Ban Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 14— Fr bark
Molier*. f</r Port Hadlock. ,.«_,..
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Nov 15-^Ft bark
Mollere. from Port Gamble; bktn J. M. Grif
fith, from Fan Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passwl Nov 15 — Btmr Mackinaw,
hence Nov 12. for Taeoma.
EUREKA — Sailed Nov 15 — Stmr Pomona,
for San Francisco. • "'l". <:
Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Eureka, henoe Nov
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Ban Pe
£ro.*b*>nce Nov 13. **&~J. VfX i; "''~
Sailfd Nov 15 — Stmr Francis H. Leggett,
for San Francisco; stmr Ban Pedro, for San
*FAN DIEGO — Arrived No* 15 — Stmr llan
dalay from Crescent City.
ISLAND FORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 15--Stmr Samoa,
from Sydney.
EASTERN PORTS.
NETV TORK— Arrived Nov 14 — Ship Henry
Villard from Philadelphia.
Bailed Nov 14— U S army transport Bum
ner, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTOFAGASTA— Arrived Oct 20— Br Btmr
Verrica. from Newcastle. Aus.
* MONTEVIDEO— Arrived , Nor stmr
Hanpeat, from New York.' ..._-¦ .:<..v-.,,-..
«alied Oct 31— Ger Btmr Totmea. for Ham
hnrr- Vov7 Br etmr Capa«. for Callao.
PORT PIRIB— Arrived Nov 10— Ger bark
Ifrnriett*. from Port Gamble .--''*—
W HELKXA- Passed Nov 12— Br »hip
Dnimeltan. from Hollo, for Delaware Break-
W ST r " LUCIA— Sailed Nov 14— Br itmr St.
Oct 24-Schr Eric.
fa DfflvESS^Pu»« »? 13-Ger rfmr
J 5 '^ , iJnce Aug 12, for Hamburg.
Oct 20-Br rtmr- African
Nov 12-Fr ship
a A n M^UR f G O^^ Fra N0V 8CO i5_Br ship Pe-
Nov 13-Stmr In
rfri^mha from! New York, for Singapore.
?T7ARD-ra£ed Nov 13-Br *h!p County
of Uall^w, from Port Gamble, for Ham
bu '? A V»Ti^N— Bailed Not 15 — Stmr Peru,'
for M fian Jratciiclf Nov 11-Btmr City of Para,
IO Hn\TKONO-ArrlTea Nov 15— Stmr Mon
wl£*S&^ oS&ber 13. via Honolulu and
Y to°iSrort 19-Nor «tmr Viking-, for HaJco-
prior
Nov 15— Br etmr Massapequa. from New York.
N. S. W.— Arrived prior Nov
15— Stmr Ventura, henc* Oct 2O._
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 4— Ft bark La
Fontaine, for Portland.
Bailed Nov 12— Ger «hip Oregon, for Port-
BAY— Sailed Oct 20— Schr Gam
ble, for Port Townsend.
GUAYAQUTL. — Arrived Sept 21 — Ship Age
nor. from Newcastle, Aut. ;
IiARWICH — Arrived Nov 14 — Fr bark Be
len. beuce July 1.
When Chief "Wittman returned from
the convention of Chiefs of Police In
St. Louis he spoke favorably of what
is known in Great Britain as the "fln
ger-print identification" of criminals.
It was brought to the notice of the con
vention by an inspector from Scotland
-Yard who said that in nearly two mil
lion cases not two could be found alike.
By the Chief's instructions the officers
of the identification bureau have been
studying the system, and yesterday
they put it into effect.
The mode 'Of procedure is to pour
some printer's ink on a pad and make
the prisoner press his thumb, second
finger and little- finger on it. Then the
prisoner presses his inked fingers on a
piece of paper and the Impression is
photographed. The photograph is
placed alongside the Bertlllon card
showing the measurements of the pris
oner, so there is a double identification.
"The Inspector from Scotland Yard."
said the Chief yesterday, "related a
case of two men whose features and
measurements were identical. One had
served a term for burglary and a sec
ond offense of the same kind in Eng
land means imprisonment for life. The
other was arrested for burglary, but
he protested vehemently, although con
fronted with his supposed photograph,
that he was not the man. The first
man was subsequently arrested andJthe
finger-print identification showed that
the second man was right. There Is'no
getting over it. A man's features may
change to a certain extent, but the
lines on his fingers never. The new
system will'help materially in the iden
tification of criminals and will be uni
versally adopted."
Leaves There Later,
but Beats Trans
port Home.
Has Been in Successful Op
eration for Long Time in
Great Britain and Europe
LINES DO NOT CHANGE
Takes Manila Mail
From the Thomas
at Honolulu.
Chief Wittman Introduces
the Finger Print Iden
tification for Criminals
POLICE ADOPT
NEW METHODS
STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA MAKES A SMART
PASSAGE FROM THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16. 1904.
11
RAILWAY TRAVEIj.
1 ' * * '
y^ r H > \ TnlM 1«m»t« aad »r* d«»
>>i < <Trr^f'JSy t» »rriT» at
Pj^^^Q8AN FRANCISCO.
V vV — 9^? Jo/ **o* Octumb a, rw*.
\4^fV Fun Ttxrvt
\2S (Toot of Market S«««.)
l.av* - MAIN LINE. -¦*"'"
7 00a v'Hcavllli'. Winter*. Rum*«y 1 60«»
7 00a Benida, Elmlra snd Saersmento.. 72D?>
' 730a Vallejo. Sapa, Callitogs, SaoU
Kosa. Martinez. San Kataon 8-20*
7 30a Sties, Tracy. Lathrop. Stocktoa.... 7.20*
t 00a Shuu ExpreM — (Via Darts).
William*. Willows, trmto. Ked
BlnO. Portland, Taeoma, Seattle 7-50*
> 00a Davis. Woodland, Knt^at* Landing.
MaryivUle. Oro»IUe 7.5Q»
8 33a Mirnaez. ADtloctL Byron, Tracy.
fltoeiiton, SswmiB. Loi Banos,
Mendcta. Armooa, Hantord, ¦
VUallfc. rortcrvllle *.2t>
8 30* Fort Costa. Modesto. Merced.
Freino. ttontien Junction, Uan- _
ford. VUalU. Bakerifleld 4.B0I*
1 8 30a 5Ue§, San Jose. Uvertnore. 8:o«S- ".
ton, ( t M lltnn), tone, Sacramento* ¦ . - __
. ,- MarjiTllle. CH!co. Bed Bluff .... . ,4.20>
8 30a Oakdale. Chlaete, Jamestown. So-
nora. Toolumnf and Angels ..... }*?„
8 00a A Mantle Exprei*--O>:<len ana Bast. B 2Q»
9-30A Richmond, Uarttnet i*i fi; ...
Stations :... 8-50^
10-OOa The Overland Limited — »»gdea.
Omaha. Chicago, Denver. E a nsas
City. St. Louis S 25**
10 00a V»ll^o_.^. 12.20*
10.00a Los AngMes Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byron, Trier,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goihen Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla,
BakersOeld. J^s Angeles 7.?0»
J200m Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations. , f 2U<»
HOOP BncrsmentnKtver Steamers til.00^
3.30)* Bentcts. Winters. Aaeramenta - r
'Woodland. Kntgftts Laiul!n«u
Marysvllle. OrovIUe and way
ttatfoni „..;...¦...... 10.50a
MOp Barward.Nties «nd Wsy Station*^ 7- 60*
3 30pportCo»U,MwtInez.Byron f TraC7, , ¦
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda. Fresn» and. ¦
Way Sutions beyond Pott. Costa 12-ZOp
4 OOp Martlnes.Sao IUmcA.Tallejo.Napa,
CalKtOga, Santa Rosa.... ' *i°*
4.00P Nlles. Tracv; Stocktoa. 10.20a
4.30f>Hayward, Sfilei. lrv:a«toa. Stil t850A
Jose, Llvermore | tit.SO*
5 OOp The Owl Limited— Newiaan. Los
Banos. Menctoia. Fresno. T ulars,
BaWertflrtd. Los Angelet. . M .... 850a
tB 30p Ilay wsr.l, Vtln ana ban Joto 720 a
6C0p .'layward. Nlles and San Jos« 9 &0a
600P Eastern Kxpress— Omaha. Chicago, <
Dearer. Kansas Clcy. at. Louis.
Martiuft/. Stockton. Qacramentoi,
Colfaz. Reno, Sparks, MoutelJo,
Octlen ; -. 12.63»
• .OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 « fl .
' 7-OOp Vallrjo, Sun<i*y only ¦ f . /3U
7-COp I'.lcnrr.itnd. san Pablo, Port Costa, •
. Martinet »nJ Way Station!...... 11.20a
7.00p Beno Pajsenger— fort Costa. Be-
- nlcta. Butiun. Elmlra. Dtxon,
Da vl«. Sacramentn, Sparks. Tone-
pab. K»f>F and Way Stations... ' 7 50*
8 05p Oregon A California F.zprets— Sao-
ramento, Uarysvtlle, Reddtng. '
Portlard, Puget Sound and East. B-50a
I.IOp Hayward, Nlles and San Jose(SnB-
dayocly) 11. 50a
COAST LINE Harrow Uaage).
¦_ (Foot ef Marjtrt Street.)
8.16a Newark. Centerville. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Crnx and Way Stations 5 55*
t2-1SP Newark. CenttrvlUe. San Jose,
New Almaden. I.os Gato*.FeItoa,
Bonlder Creek. Banta Crux ana
PrlneipslWay atatlons f13 S3*
4.16P Newark. Ssa Joie, Los Gatos.. A : ]| J|*
¦9 3Cp Hnnters' Train (Saturday tnly>—
San Joie snd Way Stations t7-2Sf
COAST LINE (Broarf bangs).
fJT (Third anil Tuwnsend Streets.) ¦
*'61Ca San Jose and Way Stations. B-30P
7 00a 8»n Jose aad Wny Hcattons..;.. ... 5 40"
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. enly). 410*
8 00a Tbe Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita, San Luts Oblipo,
Ouadalupe, Gitvlota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Mon-
talvo. Oxnard. Bur bank, Los
Angeles 13-33*
•.00a Gllroy. Uolllster. Castrovllle, Del
Monte, Paclflc Grove, Surf, Lorn-
poc 1030i»
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos.WationvlIle.
Capitola. Santa Crnz, PaclQo
Orove. Saitnas, Sao Lull O'oUpo
and Prtnrfpal War Stations. ... 4.10*
10.30a 8an Jute aud Way Statlaas 1.20:*
11 30a San Jose and Wny Stations........ 7-30p
2 15p Ban Jose and Way Stattons 8 38*
SObPDel Monte Kxpress — Santa Clara,
San Jose, Watsonvllle, Santa
Cruz, Del Monte. Monte ray.
Pacific Grove 12.15*
13-OOp Lob Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Crnz, via Saata Clara and t - : ~
Karrow Gange w .. fJQ 43a
8-30p Valencia St., Sonth San Francisco, ,. v , r ",
Bnrllngame; San Jese, Gllroy,
Hoi Hater. Tres Pino* 104SV '
4 30pP«o Jose and Way Stations t8 00a
t5-C0P Santa Clara, ban Jose. Los. Gatos.
' - and principal Way dtattons (ex-
cept Suuday) t9 00a
I6.20p San Joie and Principal Way Stations 59 40*
6 45p buDKft Express.— Hedwood. Saa >
« Jose.GUroy.Sallnsi.PasoKoblss. . ,.'..
Ean Luis Obispo, Saata Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlng. Kl Pmx
St.Loulu, New Orlpann.NewTork 9.194 ,
6.45P Pajaro. Watsonvllle. Capitols,
Santa Crnz. CastroTtlle. Del
Monte. Paclflc Orove 1030P
16-153 fcaDMateo,Beresforil,Belmonl,8an
Carlos. Redwood^ Fair Oaka, ; - >-
MenloPark. Palo Alto 18 4<U
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations. 6 33 a
800p Palo Alto and Way Sutions 10 15a
11 .30p South San Francisco. M tUbrae, Bar-
"ngame, Ssn Mateo, BelmonC
Ean Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t9 43a
«1130p Mayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Saau Clara and
Baa Jose 19.45*
A for Morning. P for After nooa.
IBundav exeepted. tSandayonly : -
<¦ Saturday only. 6 Monday only.
ibiuss at all stations on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbaxcn Perry. Toot of Maxktt Strati.
SA1T PBA2TCISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEKK DAIS — T.'M. 8:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12J3,
3:30, 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra trl?
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 : 50 and 11 :30 p. m.
8tTNDATS— 8:00. 9:30, U:0O a. m.; 1:30. S:3O.
6:00 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN ' R ATAEL TO SA2T 7SANCXSCO.
WKiiK liAYS— o:06. T:33. T:8O. 9:20. U:l*
a. m. : 12:60. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 aad 0:35 p. a.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:4O. 11;15 a. m. : 1:40. 3:40.1
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave ' I In Effect J Arrive
Ean Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. ) Ean FVan.
Week I Sun- I D*stlna- I Sun- J W*tk
Days. I days. I tion. | days. I Day»-
T:3Oa 8:00 a " 9:10 a! S:40 a
8:30 a Ienaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:80p 3:3i>p «:05 p! 8:20 9
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 p[
7:30 a 9:10 al S:4Oa
8:00 a Novato. lt):4n a 10:2O *
S:30p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 pi «:20 ?
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p)
I 5:C0 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 10:40 a! JLO: 20 a,
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 pj 6:20 9
8:30 p 3:30 p - (
I 'Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 aflO:2O »
I - ' • Lytton. j
8:30 p 8:30 p Geyservllle. 7:33 pf 6:29 9
{ Cloverdale. | ¦ .
7:30a| 8:00al Hoplanci 110:40 a!10:20 *
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 pj 6:20 9
I I Wllllts and II
7:30 a| 8:00 af Sherwood. |7:35prg:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 all0:20 »
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Gnernevir.e. I 7:33 p| 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 at Sonoma, I 9:10a| 9:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 pf Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pi 6:2<i p
.7:30 al 8:00 al |10:*0 a|10:20 a.
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Bebastopol. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 j>.
BTAGES connect at Green Bras for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark. West Springs; at Lytton tor
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Eprings; at Cloverdala for tte Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncs-j
bprlngs. Highland Springs, Kelseyrllle, Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Vklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, -
Blue Lakes. Laurel L*ll Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierly'si, Bueknell's. Sanhedrla
Heights, Hullville. Orr*s Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City.
Fort Sragg. Westport and Usal; at Wlllita for-
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwoo<J
for Canto, Covelo. Laytonvine, dimming?,.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Hnbbard. Fruitiand.
Dyer, Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood* Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcketa at re*
duced rates.
On Sunday — Roand-trtj> tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
taulldlns.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. B- X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Sal Francisco -—^t'v^m—. Fnacisc*
„ A-ix. fg?S3^Q^^ l:3»p •10:50*
9:50a 8:50a lS^3Sw 3:55p 8;55p'
i":'4'5'i»" l*;45?l 6:3'jp "e-J-j?
S*ari»TS 4:35p Sa.axd»y» 11:1 'if-
»TIa Sravity far V BtTmalpaistaimTallsy
TICIH 4 650 Market ST^(N'ortb Shore Railroad)
UnCXS j and Saus auto Ferry, Foot Market Sc
THE WEEKLY CALL:
$1 por Year.
ADVEItTlSEMiSyTS. '.
"Myfatherhsdbeen asnffprer'frnm slek headache
for the last twenty-five years snd nerer found any
relief until he becan taking your Cascarets. Since,
he has begun taking Caiearets he has never bad
the headache. They have entirely enred him.
Cascaretv do what you recommend them to do. I
will give yon tho privilege of nsinjr hii name."
E.M.Diclsson, li:o ResinerSt., W.Indianapolis, Ind.
f%M \*v fyj l" ho P> f^vv/ifrl*^
CANDY CATHARTIC
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Never Sicken, Weaken or Grip*, 10c. 25c, 50e. Never
¦old in bulk. The genuine tablet stamped C C O.
Guaranteed to care or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 508
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLI0H BOXES
p— — — — —^ — —— — — —^— —
OCEAN TRAVEL.
8 Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan, Wranjel.
Juneau, Treadwells, Halnes,
Sk&gway, etc. Alaska— 11
a. m.. Nov. 1. 6. 11, 16. 21.
26. Dec. 1. Change to this
company's steamers at Seat-
tle.
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
Seattle, Ts-coma. Everett, South BeUlnscham.
Belllnsham— 11 a. m./ Nor. 1. 6. 11, 1«. 21.
26. Dec. 1. Charge at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Taeoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry- •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30 !
l> m.. Nov. 6, 12, 18, 24, 30, Dec 6. Corona.
1:80 p. m.. Nor. 8, 9. 15. 21, 27, Dec 8.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dleso and Santa Barbara—
Banta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. •:;¦',
State of California. Thursdays, ft a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Bast
8an PedrO), Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Hartord (San
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m., Nov. 7. 16. 23, Dec 1.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. 3, 11, 19, 27. 'Dec 3.
For Ensenada. MagdaJena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlao. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
It reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery *t. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st.,and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Markets!
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Paclflo Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. ' Telephone Exchange 312.
occanics.sx».E«£
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Nov.19, 11 A.M.
s''S. MARIPOSA, for Tahitr, Nov. 25, 11 A.M.
g' S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Dec 1. 2 P. M.
J P.SPRECKILS&BEOS. CO., AjCtSL.Tlcket Offlca 643 Vir-
Ui freigut Office 327 Marftt si. Pier 7, Paclfc ic
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATL&NTiQJi.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS J>^k_.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <fteHpS»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier ¦~JT%~
¦ 42, North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & Co.. Paclflo Coast
AcentB. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Por IT. S. HaTT Tart and Vallejo. •
Etrs. General Frisble, Montlcello and Arrow.
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.,' 6 p.rn., 8:30 p.
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30. p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leave ValleJo.vT
a.m., 9 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun-
days, 7 a.m.. 9 a.m., 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pier a. i
ft Mission st. ; phone Main 1508. . HATCH BROS
¦VT« are selling; agents for "Waterman's
Id pa! Fountain Pen" and sole agents for
"Thft Marshall," the best $1.00 fountain
pen In the world. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1904-Taxes-1904
Notice is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by real
property and one-half of the taxes on
real property will be due and payable on
Monday, October 10. 1904, and will be
delinquent on Monday, November 28.
1904, at 6 o'clock p. m., and unless paid
prior thereto fifteen per cent will be
added to the amount thereqf, and that if
said one-half be not paid before the last
Monday in April next. -at 6 o'clock p. rn..
an additional five per cent will be added j
thereto; that the remaining one-half of
the taxes on all real property will be
payable on and after the first Monday in
January next, and wilt be delinquent on
the last Monday In April next thereafter
at 6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the time
the first installment as herein provided
Is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable at
the office of the Tax Collector, New City
Hall. •
N. B. — For the convenience of taxpay-
ers unable, to call during the day. this
office will be open continuously during
the month of November from 6:30 a. m.
; to 9 p. m., commencing Monday, Novem-
ber 1, 1904.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate thii
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Siened) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County of
San Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
North British and
Mercantile
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D.. 1903. .and for th»
year ending <~>n that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner ot the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
! CAPITAL.
' Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up in Cash J3. 437. 500 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $3,135,327 OS
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. 193.09S 40
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 14,782,303 10
Cash In Company's Office 24,632 64
Cash in Banks 713.093 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 75,173 40
Premiums in due course of Col-
! lection 357.6S3 74
Bills receivable, not Matured.
1 taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 27.815 43
I Due from other Companies for .
' Reinsurance on losses already
paid 380,77510
Agents' Balances 1,362,439 63
' Due frcm other Companies for
i Reinsurance on losses already
; paid. Life Department 22, IPS 43
Total Assets $21,274,610 24
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... 1 •
Losses In process of adjust- 1
ment or In suspense \ 11,163,809 42
losses resisted, including «x- ;. .
'¦penses i. ....". ....J ¦ •, . 1 < ;•.
Gross premiums " on •. Fire Risks 1 •'..-,• ¦:
running one year or » less, 1
$7,253,831 33; reinsurance 60 per
i .cent 3,626,915 67
j Amount reclalmable by the 'in-
sured on perpetual policies.. .. 13,845 44
Superannuation fund - 482,702 25
Due to other companies for re-
I insurance 760,90145
All oth»r Liabilities 144.729 19
Total Liabilities ............ jg.182.003 33
INCOME. "~
Net cash actually received' for
Fire Premiums $9,201,032 35
Received for Interest and Divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources S73.5B9 7*1
Received for Transfer fees 655 62
Total Income $9,777,287 75
EXPENDITURES. ¦¦ ~~.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including losses of previous
years) $4,786,234 55
Dividends to Stockholders 952,223 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1,590,237 16
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 1.479. 7T8 30
Paid for State. National and
Local Taxes 17.711 60
All other payments and expend-
itures 12.463SS
Total Expenditure* $S,83.S.6S8 40.
=====
r ire
Losses Incurred during the year.. $4,686,343 25
Risks and Premiu-m»| Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $3,476,162,530 $9,101,902 83
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 3,333,420.815 9.287,483 in
Net amount in force
December 31, 1903 3.071,811,845 7,253.831 33
TV. T. PRICE. Manager,
ROBERT CARMICHAEL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 12th
day of Anil. 1904. >
JOHN C. NEWTON. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
TOM C. 6RANT, General Agent,
212 PINE STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO.
CMICAG0 T |N<3DAYSi
I LEAVES DAILY AT93OA.M.H
I WITH OINERSANOaLEEPEBsK
"' Other Santa F« Trains:
7:30 a.m. I For Stockton. Fresno. Bakenneld.
Sloop: nl'J Merced - Hanford and Visaiu.
4 :00 p. m. - For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicaso.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
Ban Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.: also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
¦ To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
. _ Via Sansalito Tvxxy
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUOK.
Dtyart from San Francisco, daily, at f>:UL
7:45. 8:25, »:10. »:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45, 3:li
4:85, 6:15. 6:50. 6:30. 7:15. 9:00 and 11:15
p. m. . -'..
r Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t«;4<«;
7:35. 8:15, 8:50, 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 1:30. 2:a'
4:25/ 5:00. 5:42. «:22.. fl:57. 7:40 and Uaj
p. m. • ¦ ¦ ¦ ' -
tDaily except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:43 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 3:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a, m. dally-^azadero and way stations.
8:16 p. m-. Saturdays only — For Cazadero,
•tc ' . " .. - .
5:15 p. rn., daily, except Saturday and Sun-
day, ' for Totnales, etc
TICKET OFFICE — 650 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market «t.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
12
C-. AZBVOYAirrS— Con, tinned.
A— $ $ '$ $ $ $_ $ $ " $ $ •
Three offices, 326 O'Farrell street.
Open . every day and . Sunday.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
PROFESSOR HENRY ELLSMERE.
THE GREATEST LIVING EXPONENT OF
CLAIRVOYANCY.
WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTATION
IN EVERY PROMINENT CITY
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
HIS REPUTATION HAS BEEN EARNED BY
THE WONDERFUL POWERS HE HAS
SHOWN, AND NOT BY ADVERTIS- .
ING. AS IS ATTESTED TO BY
THE UNLIMITED NUMBER
OF TESTIMONIALS HE
HAS RECEIVED.
If you are Interested In any affairs of your
life; If marriage, sickness, deaths, changes,
travels, lawsuits, business transactions. Invest,
ments of whatever nature, wills, deeds, mort-
gages, lost or absent friends Interest you; if
you care to know what you should do to be
successful: where you should go and whom you
should avoid; If you desire to have domestic
troubles removed; your bitterest enemies con-
verted into your stancheet friends: In a word,
whatever may be your troubles, suspicions or
desires, visit Professor Henry Ellsmert and he
will aid you.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere has decided to
place his services at the disposal of tho people
of this city for special readings at the reduced
price of $1 a sitting.
Tais extraordinary favor will only be ex-
tended for a period of two weeks.
All applications by mall or special messenger
must positively be accompanied by the fee in
order to hold the appointment.
Tfce central location of Professor Henry
Ellswere'e offices and consultation roonr en-
ables busy people to easily reach him.
HIS ADVICE UNIVERSALLY SOUGHT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere's advice has never
been sought in vain in the great crises of life:
his counsel has always shone forth clear, lu-
minous and right; the tottering fortunes of
many a man have been saved from wreck by a
word from the lips of this wonderful man; in
the great game of business men have staked
their all on the dicta of Professor Henry Ells-
mere and won. Friends long separated have
been reunited through his instrumentality. The
proverbial "slip 'twixt the" cup and the Up
has been averted In thousands of instances
through his ability to read tha future. - Ro-
mances without »umber have ended happily
and the altar flres of love bqrn in countless
homes to-day becauF* of Professor Henry Klls-
mere's profound understanding of human des-
tiny. Obscura diseases have bean located by
bis psychic diagnosis and owe their cure to
his thorough -knowledge of the patient's special
needs.
DO YOU WISH TO KNOW
How you can have stood luck?
How you can succeed in business?
How you can make your home happy?
How you can conquer your enemie*?
How you can marry the one you choose?
How you can obtain perfect health?
How soon you will marry?
How you can conquer your rival?
How you can make any one love you?
How you can mend your family troubles?
How you can remove J>ad influence?
How you can control any one?
How you can make distant ones think of you 7
How you can hold your husband's love?
How you can hold your wife's love?
Professor Henry Ellsmere tells all and never
asks questions.
IF THERE IS ANYTHING HEREIN PRINT-
ED WHICH SEEMS IMPROBABLE
CALL ON HIM AND BE
CONVINCED.
Three offices — 320 O'Farrell St.. San Francisco.
Every day, 10 a. m. to 8 p. rn.
Open Sunday.
All Correspondence Promptly Answered.
$$$$$$$$$
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair.and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 5Oc;
G. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
telfer. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The. Weekly
Call. If. pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPIBITXrAI.ISM.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, life read-
er; cir. evgs-. 10c; read, dally. 836 Mission.
PROF. GEE. medium and healer: readings
dally; circle every night, 10c. 1206 Market.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phon* Scott S87.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln,
room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
CLOTHING KSNOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marclie, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. J Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery ft., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
•warranted 2O yrs. : crowns, $3 50; fillings, COc;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for. extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas irlven.
GOLD fillings. 7oc: silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.HewItt.2O4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISIIOLM, surgeon-dentlst,r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid., SOti Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up:flllings,25c*
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 960 Mission, cr>r. 6th.
DEESEMASEES AND SE&MSTSESSES.
McDOWELL* Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst end knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylr.
EDUCATlOIfAi.
\OCAL, piano and violin lessons: Italian
method for voice culture; all forms of tech-
nical exercises for piano and violin; send
for prospectus; Mrs. Bertha Oeser, vocal
department; Rudolf L. Oeser, piano and vio-
lin. C10 Apsar St., Oakland; Phone Lake
£92.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President .Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month; life scholarship
$50; pcsitions secured; day. eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Se/id for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
SHORTHAND — Astonishing, but true; you can
learn the best simplified system In leA than
30 days for ?.%; highest references? 10 free
scholarships. CONEY & MILLS. 1584 Markt.
A — "Single page method"; no text-books; twice
/ the progress in arithmetic, bookkeeping, short-
hand, etc. WESTERN BUS. COL., 12S1 Mkt.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College. 733 Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Man.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terma very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; send
for circulars. -
a— Gallagher"- marsh business col^
LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secureJ! ; R.' H. Webster, Pres.
PIANO lessons by experienced teacher, 50c an '
hour. Box Slli . CaVT offlce.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons SI. 82S Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
/Individual Instruct.; all branches; day, eve.
CHICAGO Business CollegX 15S4 Market— Posi-
tions,, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally.Miss M. G.. Barrett, 302- Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day "and
PARTINOTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcademy'
of languages, 1013 Post; est.l871;ablest profs.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents^ — The Weekly CalL
• 16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing, $ 1 per year.
EMPLOTHEKT. WASTED— Mais— Coa.
HARDWARE clerk, young married man. S
year3* exBclsnce retail sh»lf and heavy
hardware in East, wants position; best ref-
erences. Box 5l£. Call oftlce.
• : " . •
-GENTLEMAN of good address. speaking
English. Portuguese' and Spanish, wish**
employment with mercantile firm as traveler
or saJ*«man. Address J. il. A., box bm\
\VANT_D— Ky a respectable and responsible
man, work ad watchman. Janitor cr day
work; bandy' with carpenter an<l plumber's
tools; Al references. A«ldr»sa JULIUS. Utf
Second ave.. Richmond district.
A COMPETENT iran, single, wishes a position
near city, steady, to care for a place; expe-
rienced in oichard. good driver, garrtenir.g
and handy with carper.ter tools. AJJrei*
box 4S73. Call cf.ice.
STUDENT at'ending HeaM'i Business Ccllegc*
j wishes work of any k:r>d to pay expenses;
waiting at table or worn in store preferred.
I Address F. E. il., 1KB Hawthorne st.
A PLACE wanted by an elderly man; not
afraid of hard work; can take care of horse,
cuw or garden, chickens, etc. Call or ad-
• dress J. DALY, Laurere St.. San Rafael.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
room; good references. W. EOHLJNG. 417
Kearny st.
WANTED— Situation as grocery clerk; experi-
enced, reliable; best of references: city cr
country, country preferred; reasonable wages
satisfactory. Box 430, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position to milk cows, tend horse*
or take care of place; references. Address
GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominicaa Sl3tera.
Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sta.
JANITOR wanta position (anywhere) or general
work in or around place, or house and windo— >
cleaning by the day. cr other kind of work.
I. MEYER. 110 Hyde st.
RELIABLE, competent in many occupation*,
experienced sing!* German, wishes tiny kind
of work; reasonable wages. M. TRICK, 411
-Jackson st.
COACHMAN. 16 years' experience, wants posl-
' tion- city cr suburbs; can milk and d» gar-
dening if required: flrst-claas city reference.*
Box 823. Call office.
PLUMBER licensed and Independent, wanta
work from property owner by the day or
week; will give estimates If desired; has all
necessary shop tools. Bex 4SS. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted — Salesman wants pesitloa
on the road at once: six years' experience;
best of reference* Box SG3. Call offlce.
YOUNG butcher, used to have a route and
work In the shop, wishes position in the city.
Box 803. Call.
YOUNO man wishes position in faratl7; best
of references. G. HEART, 216 SIxta st.
AN experienced collector; also competent book-
keeper: best references. Box 4901. Call.
A GERMAN cook wants place in first-class
d*licacy store. Box 503. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wanta work of any kind. Boot
S84. CalL
NON-UNION, flrst-class. want* work tn city;
reasonable. Bex 883, Call.
NON-UNION carpenter, thoroughly competent,
wants work. Address box 1520. Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy, gentls and honest, wants •
position to do chamberwork in hotel or room-
ing-house: has good experience for several
years. KITA, 511 Bush St.; phone Black
S0T.4.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as waiter on
table in niea family: speaks English; best
of references. GEORGE, 813 Sutter at. ; tel.
Black 424^
A YOUNO Japanese desires a position as
schoolboy or half-day worfc tn Sausalito or
Mill Valley, speaks gooc IWA. P. O. box
ICO. Sausallto.
JAPANESE boy desires pobltlen as waiter or
schoolboy; understands English well. Tel.
Polk 37S2.
JAPANESE desires position as schoolboy or
housework; speaks well and has experience.
23SA O'Farre:i St. GEO. JOKOHAMA.
JAPANESE, honest. Intelligent boy. wants a
situation in email family as schoolboy;
speaka'Engllsh well. JODORI, 807 Polk st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a port t ion la fam-
ily for housework; can do Japanese mas-
age. YAMA. 350 Jessie *t. .
A JAPANESE boy, speaks English, ss school-
boy or house— 'orker at any place. R.
IKEDA. Japanese Gospel Society, 723 Geary.
JAPANESE wants position; house cook or
houseworking; experienced «s waiter: wages
$«. Apply WATANABE. 1S38 California st.
JAPANESE young man with experience in
laundry work would like position in private
family. Address T. T.. 030 Pine st
JAPANESE (good bey) wants situation ••
waiter at table in nice family. GEORGE,
813 Sutter st. Tel. Black 4241.
GOOD Japanese boy who can speak English, as
a pUin cook. GEORGE, 1304 Post st. ; poon*
Butter 4132.
CHINESE, good cook, wants a positloa In
family; wages $10 or $D per week. Address
7 Brenham place. R. FONO.
PLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an lcimans* list:
service absolutely free; take advantage or
this department; It will save you tisie and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 243-Sd Geary
st. a on tlia square.
COTTAGES, houses and Cats to Itt; erery de-
sirable vacant place In Ban Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
ycu a place: come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and th« locality; "w»
do thw rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1030 Market st., opp. McAllister.
DUBOCE ave., 257. near Market— Elegant new
modern flat (middle). 6 rooms, bath, etc.;
$32 50; key ups:alra.
NEW building: 2 elegant modem Sats; 3
rooms. $30; 6 rooms and attic. $33. Golden
G&te ave. and Central ave.
ELLIS, 82S — 2 larga parlors and kitchen for
physician, hairdresser or milliner; $30; re-
cently finished. -..»"•:'
NEW 5-room flat; price $2750; up to date; east
side of Central ave., between Golden Gate
ave. and McAllister st.
ELEGANT up-to-date new flats. 3103-10-13
. Clay st.. near Baker; 7 ar.a 8 rooms; light.
\ sunny, well fin. ; beam ceilings; rent reduced.
LARKIN. 1030. 1M6. 1!M4. near Broadway-
New modern flats. 7 and 8 rooms; rent re-
duced to $30. $35. $37 50.
FLAT of S or 8 room* to let. 38 Grove st.
HAYES. 1749. nr. Park entrance— Modern sun-
ny flats. 3 and 5 rms.. bath; SlC^to $22 50.
NEW sunny upper 6 rooms, bath, etc: marina
view; rent low. 1261 Vallejo st., near Hydet
UPPER part. 3 sunny rooms. S3 Brady, near
Twelfth and Market. V '
HYDE. 1731— Flat. 4 rooms and bath.
FT.AT of 7 sunny rooms tAid bath: Mission
warn belt. &405 20th st.. bet. Capp-Howari
JUNIPER. 33%. bet. Tenth and Eleventh, off
Folscm — 4 nice rooms; low r*nt.
TURK, 1505-1500, cor. Stelner— Mod. "upper cor.
flat, 6 rooms, bath. $,"U); 5 rooms, bath. $23.
UPPER flat. 7 rooms and bath. SSO Halght
street.
LARGEST list of hou?e» and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAC. US Montgomery »t.
F-A.TS POB SALE — rPKM.ISSCEP.
AJT-'ofter wanted on furniture of nlne-rocm flat
173 Oak St., near Gough.
NEW furniture of b. new 5-room flat for sale
cheap; warm belt. 6-JO Guerrero st.
Furnltur* of dosirabln sunny S-r. flat, nr.
Park; cheap rent; ?20; adults. 35 Tremont av.
COMPLETELY furr!3hc«! modern sunny flat. 6
rocms: 3 rooms rented. 877 Eddy st.
TLATS TO I.ET— yCTBlTIS-rBP.
DIAMOND. S13— Flat of 3 sunny furnished
rooms; hot and cold water.
717K17ITTTSS "WAIT TED.
ABE LEVY^
Salesroom, UC5 Market st. Tel. J««sle 761.
Don't sell your furniture, caiyets. offlce fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 2o.per cent more for furniture than
dealers cr will sell on commission. L. IL
BURP, auc. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 233A.
CA^L on Alfred Wollp«rt. 773 Mission st., be-
fore selling your furniture. Phono Red 4402.
EMPtOTMEHTjOTPICESI- ;
8 IMURA. S39 Sacramento. Tel. James 0—1.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seang's, 411 ',6 O'Farrell: tel. East 4-tf.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment . Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 01*3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; «s£\b. ?0 years.
Tel. Main 19^7. BP.ADLEY & CO.. City.
EMPiaTMEnT wahteii — F:c ?? A^!L
A GOOD American woman Is out of means
and alone and needs help Immediately, wi-i
go for light wages in small family for horn.,
reliable and honest; please call. lWHa
Third St.. room 10. ; - ,
A YOUNG lady stenographer, 4 years' "P* 1 " 1 "
ence. best references, wants position with
fair salary. Box 801. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as_ com- <
panion to children or lady; good Frencn
teacher. Box 610. Call. |___
RELIABLE Eastern girl wishes general house-
work; la kind to children. Address 61-A
. Octavia St.. near McAllister. j
AN elderly German woman (»peaks English)
wishes position; plain cocking; city or coun-
try. 650 Grove st. >
WANTED— Cleaning and washing by day.
Apply 474 Eddy tt.. In rear. .
GIRL would like position for housework In
¦mall family. Call 2248 Bush st.
YOUNG lady, good plain French cook, ona
month from France, wishes position in pri-
vate family; Oakland or Alameda. Box 1508.
Call offlce. Oakland. U
A YOUNG rlrl. Just oome from Finland, wonld
like to get a place to do general housework,
and she can't speak English. Please call at
822 Fremont st.
TOUNG lady of refinement wishes position as
lady's companion; city or country. Address
MISS A. L., Call offlce, Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS nurse for a baby wants sit-
uation; best references; no postals. Call
258 Vt Tehama st.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing
and housecleanlng. 01714 Natoma st., bet.
Tenth and Eleventh.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework; is good cook; city or coun-
try. 207 Minna St.. near Fourth^
YOUNO woman wishes work by the day,
washing, ironing or housework. Call 631 Sec-
ond st. ¦
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day, washing, ironing and cleaning;
jl 50 a day. Address box 4917, Call offlce.
POSITION as companion to an invalid or eld-
erly la>y on a ranch; references. Box 4996.
Call office.
POSITION as secretary and companion to lady
h by one who in all respects is admirably
suited to the task. Box 4871. Call office.
A SITUATION wanted by a young lady; would
like work 4 or 5 hours a day. Address 139 Yi
Clara «t.
CAPABLE and educated young woman wishes
position in good retail book or piano house.
Address box 486, Call offlce.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a situation
on a ranch. Apply 1165% Paclflo st, from
8 to 12 m.
A GERMAN woman, flrst-clas* cook, wishes to
work by the day; best o£ references. Box
418. Call offlce.
A LADY will care for a small child at h«r
home; beat of civ* guaranteed. Address box
8U3, Call offlce.
A GERMAN lady desires a situation a* work-
ing housekeeper or cook; country preferred.
Call CO* Octavia «t.
SITUATION wanted as workinsr housekeeper
in small family; city or country. 1204 Mis.
sion. basement.
YOUNG widow would like to keep house in
the country: small family: no washing.
Address 1125% Mission St.. room 2.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
¦washing, ironing and housecleaning. Call
2S0 Harriet st.. rear.
GOOD girl, with references, . wants place;
either housework or cooking; $30 month.
2112 Bryant st.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work by the
day; flrst-class laundress. Box 844. CalL
A WOMAN wants position for general house-
work: no postals. 2jC3 Bush st.
A LADY going out by the day; wasnlns and
ironing; no postal. 136 Sixth st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position in book bind-
ery. Apply 639 Stevenson st.
A YOUNG lady wishes a situation to do light
housework in a email family. 23OA Harriet.
A COMPETENT cook, housework girl, wants
situation: wages $25. Box 442, Call offlce.
A LADY wishes to do plain sewlns by the
day. 52C Montgomery st.
JAPANESE honest girl wishes situation to do
housework and help cooking 1 in small fam-
ily; wages $2 a week. 1400 Pacific ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPIiOYMEITT WANTID-MA-B.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, flrst-class
references wishes situation. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
COOK and wife for hotel or restaurant, city
or country, wish situation. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
ELEVATOR man, experienced, colored, wants
position. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d *t.;
Tel. Bush 405.
AA — A COMPETENT man wishes position in
private place: understands gardening, milk-
ing; haniy with tools, machinery; good
horseman and driver; best of references.
Box 834. Call offlce.
'FIRST-CLASS salesman, at home in shoe or
cloak and suit dept., 18 years' experience as
advertiser, wanta city employment; salary
no object to begin with. Address A. B. C,
IJotel Grcystone, C6 Geary st.
A — SITUATION wanted to take care of a pri-
vate place by a trustworthy man (Dane);
understands gardening, horse:*, milking; good
references. Box 4410. Call offlce. -
HANDY man wants situation In a prtvate
place; can take care of horses and drive
some, and knows how to handle tools. Ad-
dresa L. II. REINEL, 267 Mlnnx st.. S. F.
A HOTEL night clerk who understands check-
Ing day work, with best references, seeks
position In flrst-class hotel In city or out of
town. Address box 86H, Call offlce.
ACTIVE middle-aged man would like work
on country place; Is sober and competent;
' rin milk and make butter; wages $15. Box
616. Call offlce.
SOBER, reliable young man" wants pcsitlon In
Btore; any kind of work;' willing; good ref-
erences. 1017 ..Webster St., Oakland.
ELDERLY, active man as choreman or take
care of horse, garden and work about place;
wages $10 per month. Box 514. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work or any kind; under-
stands care of horse*, cows, garden, etc,;
city, or country. Box 518, Call offlce.
A GENTS' furnishing goods salesman, A No.
1 city references, wants position. Box 892,
Call offlce. ]
GARDENER wants position; is also flrst-class ,
horseman; sober and reliable; best city and 1
country references. Box S93, Call. j
piXt'ERIENCED male nurse would like posi-
tion to travel. Box COS, Call office.
SITUATION wanted for nrst-class Journeyman
barber; city cr country. Box» 609, Call.
COAT presser, young single man. stranger tn j
' the city, wants position. Box 870, Call.
BARBER wants position, steady; married
man; city references; u^ion. Box 89O, Call.
AN A No. 1 clothing salesman, with best ref-
¦ erences. wants position. Box P15, Call.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper by young
man; strictly eober; does not gamble; good
references. Box G02, Call office.- '
ATTORNEY who is an experienced bookkeeper
and stenographer wants position. Box 8a6.
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as city salesman for San
Francisco cr Oakland firm; Al references
Address Salesman. 610 Apgar St.. Oakland.
A COMPETENT man (German) desires posi-
tion: experienced in wine and liquor business
wholesale and retail. Address box BOO. Call!
HONEST, trustworthy, young man wants
steady position as gardener; reference* U re-
quired. Box 101, Call offlce.
IiODOIITG-HOTTSES FOB SALE— Coa.
A — CAMERON Sc CO, Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Elegantly appointed family hotel of 28 rooms;
furnished with everything of the best; no
better location in city; high-class people;
furnished new about 1 year; if taken at
once will be sold at % actual cost to furnish;
account of sickness.
Well located house close In. with cheap rent:
; two years' lease; furniture and carpets in
nrst-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fln e business proposition.^
-»•-. :-:•;-,, ____- y»
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $800
per month; close in; full of nice people; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership.
We have a number of special bargains In flats
of 0 to 10 rooms, new and modern: can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must
bo sold; either account of sickness or de-
parture.
We have 13 beautifully furnished ' rooms in
flne block on Post st.: full nicest kind of
roomers; new and modern throughout: brings
in nice Income; furniture in oak, birdseya
maple, .velvet and azmlnster carpets; cost
$1800 to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $1200.
An up-to-data downtown house; rent only
$5 CO per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator; has 108 rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing $330
to $450 per month; make offer; owner must
. leave city; only with us.
16 rooms: rent $6S; good furnltur* and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city: mak» offer.
128 rooms; cheap rent; lone lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
cftaring $500 to $600 per month; must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap r«nt; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
45 rooms, rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and good running ord«r; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full;
best buy in city; account of sickness; price
$4500.
Have a little 14-room boarding-house- on Geary;
nicely equipped throughout: all full and
clearing nice income; price $2000.
60 rooms; new- modern building; elegantly fur-
nished; close, in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; flne opportunity
to get an up-to-date tfiouse reasonable; sick-
ness.
Have new, modern 82-room house; rent $375;
electrio lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange for fin-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000. t
0-room flat; rent only ?50; water free; oak
furniture: good carpets; must 'sell; price $400.
Model apartment-house, 2 and 3 rooms each;
• rent is cheap; elegantly furnished; 5-year
lease; there ''are 00 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness.
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $250.
€5 rooms; best downtown commercial house In
city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property or
ranch in California; must leave city.
What do you think? 31-room apartment-house;
rent only $1.'H>; where you can clear $95 per
month: no work; this you can get for $1100;
wife at hospital.
Large list of real estate, roomlngr-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS.
FOR SALE.
3C-room house; downtown ;flne furnlture.$5000
24 rooms; central; everything new; $1600;
$S0O cash.
SO rooms: downtown; transient $2500
14 rooms; Sutter St.: transient $1000
100 rooms; all rented; fine furniture; $10,000,
{G00O cash.
30 rooms: corner house; very swell... $3500
Boarding-house. 8 rooms, nr. carhoyse.$.">00
Furnished house, 8 rooms. Mission $450
San Francisco Credit Co., 10 Turk st., 1st flr.
¦ " MITCHELL & CO. —
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 2081
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO.
A PARTLY furnished house. 18 rooms, sunny,
downtown, plain but neat; price $750; hav-
ing other property must sell. Make offer
exclusively with MITCHELL & CO., 1206
Market st.
LIST of great bargains: from 7 to 200 rooms;
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodging-
house. 377 acres land in Santa Clara County;
also 2 Oakland lots; good paying country
hotels and madhouses. Money loaned on
• furniture. E1TEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny.
$13.t — SPECIAL bargain: flat of 4 nicely fur-
nlfhcd rooms in good neighborhood, neai
Market f-t.; onk furniture, good carpets;
everything complete; rent $10; owner leav-
ing city causes the sacrifice. See BROOK-
BANK, 017 Market St., bet. 5th and Cth.
A GREAT bargain — House of 14 rooms; well
furnished; must be sold this week; offer
wanted. 242 Post st.
$300 — BOARDING and lodging house In deslr- '
able part of town at a sacrifice: good reasons
for selling. 101S Sixth ave.. East Oakland.
LODOI.VG-HOUSSS WANTED
"WANTED to buy for cash, lodging-house of
about 30 rooms. Address box 4406. Call.
"CABPET B-ATXNQ AHD ClEAT^e.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
lor cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rues also cleaned by compressed
air at Fhop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market »t. ;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become -iljgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-U57 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning .Works. 1800 HarT
riKon St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phono Mission 225. -„
MITCHELL'S. 245 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Oleantnn Co., 402 Suttcr st. ;
¦tel. Main 394 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 170^ Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mmb. M. "bernard" ~ ~^tiie "famous
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg. ; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals th"* present happenings and oortrays
events to occur In the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
. vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel Black 45G9.
FROM all sections they come to •witness the
. wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would it not
be a relief to know-how you will succeed, to
be. relieved of the matters that are troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE, 428
Eddy st.; three separate reception parlors;
lady attendants: hours 10 a.m. to S p. rn.
Permanently located at 28',i Kearny st.
after Wednesday. . '
RICHARD MAYO
The Man With Psychic Power.
Th« greatest living adviser on the continent.
FREE TEST. FREE TEST ' ,
To all who come prepared to have a reading. |
421A Ellis St., .private flat; hours 10 a. m. to
8 r>. m.
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104 ]
Market St., San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
u. m, to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to .J2; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant. > medium, born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
I present, future; 1.60c; g. by cards $1; palm.
istry full life read, $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fail try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
PROF. DAHL guarantees to tell your past,
present and future; names given; readings
50c. 1027% Market St.; hours 1 to 0 p. m.
PROF.- JOHNS, palmist, - psychic card reader,
25c and 50c. 2 to I) p. m. 17A 6th St.. room 1.
MME. . ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 23c up.; C12% Eddy st. ; no signs.
MME. MARSEAU. . card reader; , ladles 25c^
gents 50c. ¦ 045 Minna st. ¦ • . . :
THIS ad. 'and COc entities you to life. reading
at 125 Sixth Bt. •; . ¦
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 10S Cth st., rooms 1-2. '
fOBKJ}3SPRECKEi£^f.Vr6vrletm
Address Communications to
JOHX : aieXAUCIIT.^:T.^:y«oaser
\V. J. MAirnX .-~ .Ita stoess Manager
TELEPHONE.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct«. Per Week. 75
C:s. Pr Vcrth. Single Copies RCts.
Tern-.* by Mall. tacK-Uns Pot_ge (Cash With
DAILY CALL <includ. Sunday). 1 year. . -$S.OO
DAILY CALL «:nc:-jd. Bucday). 6 rocs... 4/K)
DAILY CALL— By Single _ontb '•£
BtJXDAV CALL, i Y«ar t-jjj
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year •• £±2?
T>ai!v S« *0 Per T»a" Extra
rOHEIGN j »££$ . Vl 5 Per Ye.- Jvtra
POSTAGE. , M -^ kly . j.co per Year E^tra
Aii, POSTMASTERS aM AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Caaplo Ccfies will be forwarded when re-
quested. ' .
Mall eubec.-.ber* in ordering change of_jd-
«— «s *fcou!d be rarticuisr to give both r.E\v
AND O_Z> ADDRESS In order to Insure a
proer.pt and correct compliance wlta tneir re-
~sss*.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
XOie Broaflway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tliS Center Etreet Telephone Nor_ 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
«A_Tt:__ TV. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Br*ntano. SI
Ccion Equan--: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel ac.3 Huffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hcte!: Tremont House; Auditorium
Betel; Palrr.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C CnORGE KROONESS. Marquette Building.
(Lor.s Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. fcillTH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORR3SPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
ECEINESS OFFICn Of the Sa= Francisco Cs.IL
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night" Jn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
XOCS Market street, oypcsite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; ©pen until
9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; rpen until 0:30 p. in.
C3» McAllister street: oi>en ujtil 9:30 p. m.
f!5 Larkln street: cpen untilf»:30 p. m.
J!Ml Mission street; cpen until 10 p. o.
li'f- Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p.m.
JO&e Valencia etreet: cpen until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
I20O Fi!!rn.-.re Ftreet: or>en until 9 p. in.
_._ETi:rO NGTICE3.
CALIFORNIA CHAPTER OF f~l
ROSE CP.OIX NO. 7. A. and A. I I
S. I:.. 669 Sutter st. — Called meet- ' ffi I
ing THIS (WEDNESDAY) K]
EVENING, tt S o'clock; seven- /I
t*-er.th degree; visiting brethren \l
cordially invited. 1_J
CUABLES JELLINEK. Sec.
ilOVNT ilORIAH LODGE NO. 44. F. «
and A. il — Called meeting THIS^/v
EVENING, at 7:ao/^/\
o'clock: second degre-e.
THEO. FR0L.ICH, Secretary.
CROCKETT L«d£A Nc. V.l\ V. and A. «
M. — Second Drsree THl^ <\VEDN"ES-YY
DAY) EVENING «t T:3U o'clock. By /V\
order of the W. M.
K. H. HcPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. ICC, F. and *
A. M. — Sc-cr.rjd c^cree THISVV'
< WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7 /V\
o'clock. H. J. OWEN, Secr*taiy.
UIEiilON LOLHJi: NO. 1C3. F. and r
A. M.— Sj^cial meeting THld^i/V^
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:U0/V\
o'clock; third, d^rif-e.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
YEREA BCEVA LODGE NO. 15, u^
I. O.O. F.— THURSDAY NIGHT. -:»A3£E2b
Nov. 17. tht lodge will receive ' : i*iy<C!t525?
and entertain Orif-ntal Rebfkah **^tag
Lodge No. 'JW; loJge meets at 7:."0 p. Bt,
S. D. HECK. N. G.
MAGNOLIA Lr"tfe No. Z r J, I. O. >.«•*«*«.
O. F. — The funeral detail will '&Z^izsSg
please assemble in cur lodgeroom
TO - MOilROW (THURSDAY), "**W
November 17, at J*:.'{0 a. rr... to attend the
funeral of our late brother, MORRIS
ISAACS, P. G.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
ORIENTAL REBEKAII LODGE ....-a^-,
NO. J<0 will jiay a pnoial und fra-_>^i<^^pt
t'-rnal visit to Yerha Buena^W^JJ. *»,?*';
Lodge No. 15. I. O. O. F.. on '^Sff.t*^
THURSDAY bVESTSa. Nov. 17; members
a!» reuufsted to asrerr.Me at I. O, O. F. Hall,
thirJ floor, promjaly £.t S o'clock.
UOUETT DEITZ. N. G.
PACIFIC Lo'ge No. :r.5. I. O. O. <li *~-^ v
F. — Fraternal visit to Porter --jSjpSiLii
Lodge. Oakland (Eleventh rt..
near Clay), to confer P^cond De- "'*K?;:&*~"
iw THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING.
Take 7:00 narrow-gauge boat.
J. S. MEE. N. G.
C. R- HOLTON, Recording Secretary.
ilOREE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O. _oj_ra«»
F.— Initiation THIS (WEDNES- .3>£ngn-c
r.'AV) EVENING, Nov. 16.— A t 3^S!?g|2i? ,
lull attendance requ*f-tPd. A
mj>eciai invitation to visitors.
GliORGE F. McMANUS. N. O.
C. BRIND, Recording Secretary. \
NATIONAL Union. Caiifcr- fcjSIS? E"—».
r.ia Council, meets 1 <">-
NIGHT at Pior.«?r Hall. >(¦ ¦¦ *ta
Fourth ~_. at. 6 o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially invited; initiation.
By order C. EEXDEU President.
C. H. VAN ORDEX Secretary.
THE Callfore'.a Debris Ccmmisslon, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from E. Santlrfo. in Santlrfo mine, near
Volcano. Anaaor County, Cal.. draining into
Gra.Es Valley C~?tk. whi^h reaches Moke-
lumrie R!vrr; from L. L"?lurehl and S. Mar-
zrra. In Ma*z*ra mlnf, near Volcano, Ama-
<Jor County. Cal., draining into South Branch
Sutter Creek, wMch reaches Mokelumne
River: from O. F.rgl»>. In Manila, mine, near
lpo, Shasta Coonty. Cal., draining into Dry
Crfik, whirh resche* Sacramento River;
from Gold Run M'.tiir.g Company, in Gold
Itun mine, near "Qulncy. Plumas County,
Cal., draining Into Spanish Creek, which
reaches Feather River, ar.d from H. A. and
A- A. Ha!l*t«a4, in MfRown mine, near
Spas:sh ranch. Plumas County, Cal., drain-
ing lr.to Spanish *>'-ek, which reaches Feath-
er. River, pivrs notice that a meeting to re-
ceive any protrrts will be held at room &6,
Ficod buJMlng. tan Francisco. Cal.. Nor.
E8, JSU. at 1 :."0 p. m.
AGEKTS "WAITTED.
VTANTED — A reliable man cr woman to man-
age a branch supply office for salesmen; no
Investment or canvasning required in posi-
tion: expenses advanced; weekly salary and
.'. per cent comciittFion. Address Manager
Supply Dept., Cth floor, Thompson bldg.. St.
Louis.
WANTED — Agents to ccnvass for household
necessities: good pay and steady work. C. '
F. ADAMS. 31S Ma*on st.
LADY agents wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's g-jppotitoriea. 1312 Market St., r. 310.
ATTOK3S_T-S-AT-_v_W.
A FRATTDfLENT divorce Ik dear at $12 and
Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a fi>ecia!ty; quick; quirt; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fws; advice free; collections
trade. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market *t.
R, W. KINO. Attorney-a.t-Ia— , Exam. bldg..
Cth floor: entrance room 611; established 20
j-fjirs:" ell courts', general court ond office
X^ictice; no fe«s in advance or for Vonsulta-
tlon: evening by appointment. Tel Red 3601.
AA— DIvorr*; CPstl $12; n-Jirk.qulet;advle« free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenirjrs. P27 ilarkrt »t., room S01.
AX/VICE free: divorce cortu t!2; no few or
costs in 0dv.1r.ee: all law business; offlce
oricn Saturday ovenlncw. 619 Market St.. r. 33.
L. fi. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; eonsulta-
. ticn free;f:o Tecs !a n4var.ee; open evenings.
ADOPTIOiJ.
A WELL-EDUCATED. mfd21e-aged coapls Jn
cosniortab.e circumstances, without - chil-
dren, wants to adopt' little girl, or boy pre-
ferred, aged from 2 to S year*; the people
eiw T- a fruit ranch Jn the healthiest part of
California. Full IcfnRsaUoa may be had
by addressing bor 604. Call offlce.
ASTEL1A CORE.
I>I NOLA'S Atthrat Remedy relitx-es instantly;
JOc. :5c, &Oc. 1(502 Market, fit. Nichola*;
•U«o vr.ttart, ICth and V.'jisliinitoa. Oakla— 4. '
BUSINESS CHAWCgS-^Conttoaej^
A— CAMERON & CO. South. 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquartsrs for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Flrst-class bazaar; located In thriv-
ing location, city: fine plat.-glass windows,
store fixtures: large stock; long lease; cheap
rent: doing good business; clearing 515O to
Sl'CO per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; sick-
ness; snap; price $oo00. ______
FOR «.a!e— Stationery, school 6U2plles, dress
linings; well located; cheap rent; doing good
business: 3 living rooms; stock will 'n^'ce
mere than price asked; pickneas; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds ot real state,
rcorr.'ng- houses and business chances. Cajii-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. : cheap rent; horses and wagons, all
equipments; Dresent owner ban made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to Clear
from $500 to SSOO per month; trial given if
desired; cart down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR tale— Fine little S-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; *iwu.
CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel: 59 rooms: rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 mile* from S. F.: fine, grow-
ing town: present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Several cood businesi propositions
for Investors, euch as flrst-class laundry, ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would b« P 1 *"'** 0 "l^i
vou call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
PARTNER— Detective and collection: "»»fJl
capital; established business. McDIAR-
MID'S, 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at Jackson Brewery, box 857. Call.
S125 CANDY and pastry. 3 finely fur. rooms
an<\ basement. 525 Taylor St., nr. Post.
PARTNER wanted In milk business; $150 mo.
to each. Box 840, Call.
GROCERY and bar in Mission for sale. Ad-
dress box 4701, Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy a delicatessen store; give
location and price. Box 4105, Call offic*.
BRANCH bakery and grocery; cheap. 4181
Twentieth et., near Castro.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call offlce.
FINE paying drygoods store, with lease; own-
er leaving State: no agents. Box 4481. Call.
A BRANCH offlce»of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOPGINQ-HOTJSEB FOB SAI.-.
— — —
—MARION GRIFFIN.—
406 Hearst building over "Examiner* en-
trance, corner Third and Market st«. ; te.l.
Black 3CC7. Hotels and rooming-houses for
eale. Free lift. We furnish abstracts free
and guarantee titles. .
~ —NO. 1.—
IT IS WORTH your
while to see this
20-room downtown
house: New golden
oak. birdseye maple
and mahogany fur-
niture.
AXMINSTER car-
pets and rich Ori-
ental hanelngs.
COST $45<K). but—
will take $2000; only •
$1C)O down and easy
installments.
PROFIT $152 r«r
month; Al transient
location: near Ellis
and Powell. MARIO y GRIFFIN.
NO 2. —
[STOP — THINK— In-
vestigate, as such an
. offer comes only once
in a lifetime; 32
rooms; a fine corner
on Sutter street; sub-
stantially furnished;
a splendid house; a
money maker: only
$1000 down and easy
payments.
MARION GRIFFIN.
COME IN AND let
us show you a- 21-
room house ' near
Leavenworth and
Post; well furnished
and as clean as a
pin. Net profits $37
monthly: If you want
' an honest house for
what it is worth see
MARION GHIFFIN.
" — NO.~4?^
PRICE NOW— $1800—
A 30 -room house;
profit $140 monthly
over — all — expenses:
easy to manage it:
the — roomers — are
honest working peo-
P 6 * . MARION GHiKFlN.
—NO. 5.—
PROFIT $48 MONTH-
LY: nice clean, re-
spectable > rooming-
house on the sunny
Bide; north of Mar-
ket: 14 rooms; price
TERMS $300 down"
* and $10 each month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 6.—
A 12-ROOM house
Reduced to $100;
Central; rent $30.
Income over rent $47.
All men roomers.
Not a flrst-class
house, but. It's re-
spectable. I
MARION GRIFFIN.
~"~ ~ —NO. 7.—
1MORTGAGED HOUSE;
mortgagee. who
loaned $000 on a
20-room house, -asks
us to get him an
offer; house has been
newly renovated and
—NEWLY C A R-
v
Clears 570 monthly;
easy terms if de-
6lred: a mechanics'
house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
___ _no. 8.—
BEAUTIFULLY fur-
Tilshed S7-room house
in best location in
this city. You need
but little money ;
I <$1500) to get pos-
session; clears $175.
MARION GRIFFIN.
i ¦'•; —NO. 0.—
ONLY $150 DOWN se-
cures a swell 12-
room house near
NOB HILL; bal.
($500) ON TIME;
fine furniture; elec-
tric lights.
MARION GRIFFIN.
v —NO. 10.— .
WANTED— A LADY
OR GENTLEMAN
O F EDUCATION
AND REFINE-
MENT -TO IN-
VEST IGATE A *
NEW AND MOD-
ERN HOUSE of 68
ROOMS: PARTLY
FURNISHED: ALL
1 BRAND NEW:
ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: PRICE
$3500; PROPERLY
MANAGED WOULD v
CLEAR $300
MONTHLY. I
MARION GRIFFIN.
7~ —NO. 11.— . ',¦'•¦•
NOTICE.
WE make exchanges
of all kinds. Let us
know what kind of
an exchange .you
would like.. Or If
you need money to
put in with your
-property on a trade,
we can accommodate
MARION GRIFFIN. V ° U *1 * Ort notlce -
406 Examiner building. -
12 NEWLY furnished rooms; central location
DAVID BROS., cor. Kearny-Clay, cigar store*.
DRUMM, 121— Lodging & boarding, house; 19
rms.: cood renting location: modern: chean.
AUTOKOSrLES.
WANTED — Good second-hand automobile;
etatc price, etc. Box 4008, Call office.
BUSINESS CHA N CS S.
1 RESTAURANT and cafe close to '.Market and
Powell «ts.; lease; place elegantly 'fitted up
and doin~ a large business; best class ot
patronage; owner engaged in other busl-
cru; i..j.-t eacriflce. tee K. G. WILKE,
-U\a K^arny st. ¦
A— $0W>; KOADHOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
rent ?2u; .*i years' lease; very best location;
on San Mateo road. See R. G. WILKE. 2«Vs
Kearny st.
A— ?245o; COKNEJl grocery and bar; 5 yearu'
leas.?; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value in eight.
&?e R. G. WILKE, 2t»V6 Kearny st. Vv ri
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
I building; net rent $12J; lecse; stock will in-
I voice about $12w: a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 20 13 Kearny Et.
A — $2000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block Horn Examiner building; placs estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $7i> per day. Particulars see R. G. 1
WILKE. 2tt& Kearny st. . I
A— 41S60; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce store; 1 block from Palace Hotel;
Jaily receipts from $30 up; horse, wagon;
pl«r<» clearing $200 per month.. See R. G.
WILKE. -Mi* Kearny *t.
A — $9CO — CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 2t>H Kearny st.
A — Sl.'-iO — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc., must be sold at once on
acccurt ot death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known tor 2S years u a good reliable
house. It. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
A— $6500; THE leading candy, icecream and
oyster parlor across tho bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2tiVa Kearny st.
A — J40CO; CORN lilt fc'rocery and bar: few blocks
ncuth of Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
venrt; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE, 26 Vj Kearny st.
A— ?300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks ,
frora Call building; a bargain. Call R. G. J
WILKE. 20 Vs Kearor st.
A — $S00; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call It. G. WILKE, !itf£
Kearny st.
A— $2G50; HOTEL of SO rooms; rent $100; lease;
with lim-cUis paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 2tiVi Kearny Bt.
A — $730; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fapcy groetry; 4 nice living rooms; rent ?2o;
daily receipt* about $-0; best location north
of Market, Call It. G. WILKE, 20Vi Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar en Fulton
St.; rent $t50; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2SC0; a wtll established and
flrst-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 >i Kearny st.
F. A. BKOOKBAXK,
BUSINESS AGENT,
B17 Market »t.. bet. Filth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom 1S40.
A GROCERY and bar, located on busy street;
large fctock and good fixtures; Al trade; 3
nice living rooms; bargain for $750. See
BBOOKBANK.
$150 BUYS br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and
milk dei>ot; 3 nice :urn. rooms; cheap rent;
a barsain. See BROOKBANK, 017 Marxet.
$C50— PARTNER for well-paying cigar stand
on Market st. ; elegant fixtures; full stock;
money-maker. See BROOKBANK.
$1^0 — Partner for well-paying restaurant; will
clear you $75 monthly. Ste BROOKBANK.
A FIXE grocery in Western Addition; new
stock; $oZ>(jO, or will take partner.
Salcon on Fourth et.. near Market; $1900.
Hotel of 50 rooms In good country town;
cheao rent; f2«00.
Cigar store on Third st.: rent $10; $300.
Roadhouse in San Mateo County, with 8
acreb good land; 1 mile from Redwood City.
A large list of business, rooming-houses
end h(.t«?'.s lor Eale and exchange.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny »t.
$775 BUYS a nice little grocery and bar;
good stock and fixtures: cheap rent. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007Mi Market St.
$D00 — LARGE iruit store and fish market;
h< rt.- and wagon; large stock; living rocmi.
1007)$ Market st.
SALOON men, attention! We have 2 good
•aloons on Sixth st. 1007% Market st.
$i25 — Partner, clear store, to take full charge.
WESTERN REALTY CO.. 1007 U, Market st.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for wbat you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market st.,
Rooms 416-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$15C0 — REAL estate business: a Ions estab-
lished unincumbered general real estate and
insurance agency of thoroughly reliable repu-
tation, doing good business; thoroughly
equipped; best location In Berkeley; answer
immediately; a sacrifice. Box 240, Berkeley
Gazette office, Berkeley.
$200 — RESTAURANT; snap: must be sold at
once. BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny et.
*$500 TO $10,000 saloons: good bargains.
$450 to $30C0 restaurants; good bargains.
$750 — Partner; business chance: triflers need
not apply. BERG Ss. POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$250 — GOOD chance for active man In estab-
lished cash business, suitable for a man
willing to do plain light work and be satis-
fied with $75 mo.; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co., B32 Market.
A FIRST-CLASS grocery business, with mod-
ern fixtures and good clean stock, in the best
section of the city; satisfactory reasons for
selling; exceptional opportunity; capital re-
quired, about $3500. Box 513. Call.
WANTED — One with $1000 to help Inventor
build a perfect machine and secure foreign
patents; American patent applied for; for
part interest in same. Please address In-
vention, box 517. Call offlce.
TOR rent — 2 acres of land; chicken houses;
house with 8 roomc. furnished. Including
piano; suitabl* for boarding-house and chick-
en ranch; $25 month: 5 minutes' walk to
depot. Apply 2207^ Mission st.
CALL route for sale; good route In Alameda.
Apply to this offlce er call at 1813 Pacific
ave.. Alameda; take broad gauge train, get
eff at Grand st. station, Alameda; call be-
fore 12 noon.
WANTED — Steady, active young man partner
with $330: well-established, pleasant busi-
ness that will pay him $150 month and over.
Call 1118 Market ft., room 3.
A PARTNER wanted with $12,000 to $15,000
in razh; he will doable his money In the
first 8 months; first-class security will be
given to him. 212 Parrott bldg.. S. F.
NEW Arkansas oil field — G. M. Bailey. Mis-
souri Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock,
Ark., can get you an oil lease, trifling ex-
pense. Fortunes from future sale leases.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in light mechani-
cal business: no previous experience required;
$15 to $35 a week each. 47 Geary.- room 2.
$900 — RESTAURANT; great bargain; fine lo-
cation f good business; party going- East; also
llet of saloons. Eitel & Carroll, 212 Kearny;
COALYARD In Oakland for sale; old eetab^
llshed; centrally located and doing a good
business. Box 1519. Call office, Oakland.
FOR se\r — Stationary, notions and icecream
' etore; living rooms, with 3 years' lease. Box
4602. Call offlce.
FOR sale or rent— Good established country
hotel; choice location. Owner, 237 Crossley bd.
j $5000 — PARTNER wanted in commission
1 house; principals only. Box 3700, Call.
FOR sale — Good route on Bulletin: 700 papers.
Apply 307 Lake st., Richmond District.
FOR sale — Restaurant; average $20 per day
r.2 Eishth Et.
WANTED— Lady partner for Portland centen-
nial. Call at 20>£ Seventh st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen and branch bakery; on
account of sickness; cheap. 2790 Mission st:
SALOON; stock; fins fixtures; 5 years' lease*
fine location. Grant bldg., cor. 7th, rm. 612.'
RESTAURANT doing a nplendld business for
sale; cheap. Call 604 Turk St....
$400— PARTNER, lady or gentleman. In fine
paying restaurant. Box 8S8. . Call. - ;
A FINE saloon and lunch house; large place,
with 14 rocmi* Inquire at 70 Stevenson it.
WANTED — Butcher shop with full equipment
Box 4408, Call offlce.
FOR 6aJe — Small Bulletin route. Inquire , Bul-
letin. K3 ' Kearny «t.. room 10.'
$1000 HALF partner, or $1900 whole; . 15 i
nvomi: bar: 8 years' lease. 210-212 East at. 'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
13
~~~ ; [ (Each Sack Inclosed in Paper Bag)
Vy' Given Away With Every Want*
I | Ad at Our Office. Or if Preferred,
I r*k cafltitffP \ Will Be Delivered to Your Home
/ llS^MlPilP^ B I l'\ SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR Is a new flour that has
/ *tfl*?ii^ lii ' I* it 0 Y^lWii'tf I \ proven a tremendous success. Every detail of its manu-
I c-^WM ** / r *~"" N N W W^ 1 \ iacture ia most carefully watched from FIELD TO
I fe»* /£¦ AS-> jfQ I) FAMILY. It is so named because it is highest in quality,
j ifc^ jf / i 4^^^ Qfil* I I * n color, in strength and in purity, and is always uniform.
I 3&J A /-?•$ \ V. SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR offers an extraordinary
I "®« ' j^JTz? .i *\ x X. l§pp? I premium to every consumer. Dividend stock without lia-
I | ct *%lbw jLfisx I I bility is given to every purchaser. For every four names,
I "SUMMIT SNOW," cut from the top of sack and pre-
\(^^^^^^^^hM^^^^^^^m^ ::^^^^^ I sented to the office of the Standard Flour Co., 133 Spear
"^R^^SmfiMF K "1 L I IjH WKJ^ 1 1 nlMMrV l|^ street, one share of dividend stock will be given. Each
g||j\|g£sP". /-fft^i^ {C^/X^yT)/7^7^^i * e Standard Flouf Co. is incorporated for $1,000,-
*^^ (^/7F7TVTf*^ i I '// / rJ/h KvJl \/ / 000, and an energetic campaign of publicity and sale has
H^lf/fkJi/Mj-^^ **^**^\rl^f been begun. Thousands of dollars will be distributed an-
t^SK^JtJyj 4 ** * • nually to stock-holding consumers. Bring your Want Ads
BlMDRftVP fl fe&^5 PROCESS * to our office and get a ten-pound sack free of this NO. 1
irqrflwv uu |g** c?Qc£5k • first-class family flour.
1 mm mm^^mm j Thnrsday, Friflay or SatnrflaT
\ * SAN FRANCISCO g j Cf TiyfC A V r A I I
EXCLUSIVE OrSTRIBUTORS Ifee 5 U Nil A I LfALL
I is§ lAj^y/iHiy b fbUUrC %$*$•' >\ tALL DUdlnliLdo UrrRylL
; :\ * mr " anq i T ACiriiei> greets
. - • TB Ai> EM AaK. Oakland Office - - - 1016 Broadway
Y
PEEsoarAxs--coiitintte>a. _ vr
"R-E-X-R-A-D-~I-<>'S"
v V BULLETIN.
"REXRADIO'S" PUBLIC "FREE" LECTUKO
AND HEALING. WITH HUMANIZED KA-
DIUM. TESTS. TO EVERY PERSON IN 1
THE. AUDIENCE DESIRING THEM "TO-
DAY" at 2 and 8 p. m. "RADIUM HALL."
783% Market and 1 Fourth st. CORN EH
OF MARKET and FOURTH. Bring your
SICK POOR.
"REXRADIO'S" office hours. 2 to 7 p. m.
Consultation "free." Terms to suit means.
"ALLEGED INCURABLE" diseases of ail
kind* treated by Rexradio.
'MEDICINE" and medical Instruments ar«
never prescribed or used by Rexradio. "only" 1
harmless. painless "HUMANIZED RA-
DIUM" power.
"NAMES" of all patients rsf erred to BELOW
are at the offices.
"HE LEAPS"— A cripple from PARALTSI3.
almost powerless. LEAPED frequently after
' first treatment in public hall. Numerous
similar cases.
"MILLS OF THE GODS" grind "slowly";
Humanized Kadium grinds diseases quickly,
often "Instantly."
"LATEST MARVEL" (last Thursday):
"Through a fall on* of my spinal bones was
displaced. PROTRUDINO outward. It fait
loose, slipped about under my hand: trying
to stoop caused severe- pain. After 2 treat- .
merits by Rexradio the bone went back to its
place; the spins Is now LEVEL to the eya
and touch." > '
"AGONIZING PAIN" for years (GASTRITIS);
"Doctors said I must die. Last Friday first
treatment Instantly ramovad all pains."
"ETERNAL SILENCB?' broken; several
DEAF MUTES have recently HEARD and
. . lntslllglWy SPOKEN words spoken to them
\ ia ordinary voice and WHISPER not only by
" Rexradio. but also by numerous persons in
his "public" audiences, whose signatures »s
WITNESSES are attached to th« testimo-
nials. Each treatment occupied 3 seconds
only. Patient's eyes win always "closed"
during speaking tests to prevent his "read-
ing" speaker's lips and "guessing" what ww
spoken. . ¦
"ANOTHER WONDER"— Last Thursday AN-
OTHER DEAF MUTE after 3 seconds/
treatment HEARD and SPOKE what was
said to her under TEST conditions same as
abov«. •
"LIGHT DAWNS" for BLIND man: "My
eyes for years barely knew light from dark-
ness. After Rexradio's one treatment I saw
the form of his uplifted hand, and the light
between his fingers when separated. I looked
out of window, and at 30 f eet - distinguished
forms of human beings, carriages, etc. All
this impossible before." Note — He saw tha
outline*; further treatment may restore his
vision fully.
"WATERS SUBSIDE"— "Within 24 hours of
Rexradio's first treatment the DROPSY en-
tirely left my limbs." m
"REXRADIO" fully CURED our rheumatism,
neuralgia, falling vision, paralysis, cancer,
"fever." gastritis, anchylosis.' dropsy, ulcer,
tumor. "Interview" us. <
"CRIPPLE WALKED." unaided (last week),
after first treatment; previously couldn't
STAND without «tron«s support; (LOCOMO-
TOR ATA XI A).
"LAWYER" (one of city's foremost) last weelc
lost his SCIATICA at Rexradlo's office, and
offers no reward for ita recovery!
"MINING EXPERT" missed his large CAN-
CER several weeks since; now wishes h*
had met Rexradio a year "earlier."
"REXRADIO'S" one treatment opened my
long CATARRH- closed nostrils and I
breathed freely.
"FUNERAL MARCH" to the grave was th«
dolorous tune my pulse played when "TY-
PHOID fever clutched me, but aft«?r Rex-
radlo's 2 treatments the tune chanted to>
David's anthem. "I shall NOT DIE. BUT
LIVE"; no relapse. K.. 112 Fell st.
"IN MY HOUSE" and presence Rexradio mad«
2 DEAF MUTES hear and SPEAK.
"REXRADIO" in my offlce, wonderfully
helped case* INCURABLE by MEDICINE."
(Physician.)
••FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH" vainly sought by
-Ponce de Leon is "found" In Rexradlo's
"humanized radium"; -'•friends say I loolc
20 years younger since he treated me.."
"OSSIFIED LADY" — Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bart-
let t Joints of limbs, arms, neck, etc., for
years IMMOVABLE: ALL MOVED FREE-
LY after ona treatment several weeks aiJ.
(See her.)
"LEADING CITIZEN"— After "first" treat-
ment lost all symptoms of many years' dis-
tressing disease that mad* life intolerable;
further treatments made wonderful cur»
PERMANENT.
"LEADING PHYSICIANS" have witnessed
marvelously successful treatments of total
deafness, paralysis, deaf mutes, neuralgia,
etc: names at offices.
"WONDERSTRUCK"— "Mrs. Knowles. th»
long bedridden, OSSIFIED lady, recently vis-
ited me; I found all her formerly solid Joints
freely movable; she grasped and shook my
hand — before impossible; I was wonderstruclc .
to se« the great change/^ ,
"ATHLETICS" — Rexradio Instantly helped my
PARALYSIS, and I walked, ran, LEAPED."
"ALMOST MIRACLE"— Recently I took *
DEAF MUTE to Rexradio; in 8 seconds h>
mads her HEAR and SPEAK numerous
words and sentences, which we- all under-
stood clearly. She also spok« for me. It was
-almost a, MIRACLE." — J. P.. 8460 20th st.
"REXRADIO" made my many years totally
DEAF ear instantly hear WHISPER at ?J
feet" ¦
"DOUBLE BARRELED" healing: WhilS)
Rexradio was treating a. patient a rheu-
matio person sat within 4 feet who de-
clared she felt the power pass to her and re-
move her pains. (A "frequent" occurrence. >
"STORED RADIUM" — Rexradio charged »
handkerchief with his healing force, which
was taken miles, laid 1 on lady in agony front
disease; in few seconds all pains left her;
sound sleep following.
"DISTANT HEALING" by Rerxradio has b#ea
wonderfully effective in numerous instance*.
"REXRADIO" instantly mad* my ANCHY-
- LOSED limb mov* naturally, and, I walked
freely." .
"MY TYPHOID FEVER" at its most DAN-
GEROUS STAGE was absolutely BROKEN 1
UP and fully CURED by Rexradlo's %
treatments, in on» day." — K.. 112 Fell st
"PARALYSIS" — Mjr nearly n«lpless limb and
arm had normal strength and abilities fully
restored by Rexradio's ona treatment"
"BLINDNES3 AVERTED"; natural stron*
sight established by Rexradlo's 2 treatments;
I now easily read SMALLEST PRINT with-
out glasses."
"THUNDER INAUDIBLE" many years to 9
of us; after 3 seconds' publlo treatment w«
both heard WHISPER at 30 feet; two prom-
inent "physicians" in hall "ap*uly" said th«
results wer« truly "wonderful."
"RUNS ' AND LEAPy^PARALTXED pa-
tient in presence ot above 2 physicians,
after three second*' treatment, RAN and
LEAPED. -
•'ELECTRICITY." concealed batteries, etc.
cannot account for Rexradlo's peculiar pow-
ers; TWICE he has met this objection by
inducing "skeptics" to PUBLICLY an 4
thoroughly SEARCH him in full view of
crowded audiences. On their declaring tha
search satisfactory, ho Instantly touched th«
totally deaf ear of th« chl«f searcher (skep-
tlc). who then owned he heard WHI8PEKEO
words.
"ATTORNEY'S" ANCHYLOSED UNBEND-
ING KNEE instantly moved naturally alter
few seconds' treatment •
"MEDICAL LIBERALITY" — City physician
said to audience: "I strongly advise thos«
Incurable by medicine to tak* Rexradio' •
marvelous treatment"
"REXRADIO" gives abors- results of FIRST
treatments, which may become "permanent"
by further treatments. "Nam^s of abov«
patients at offices.
"REXRADIO'S" fre« publlo healing TO-
DAY. 2 to 8 p. m. Offlce hours. 2 to 7—
783 *»* market, cor. 4th.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to lta natural color.$l at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, tn wrapper, for malHn». $1 per year
PAPERHAXGI2TO. FAXKTjLNO. ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 1O<37 McAllister St.: tel. Fell 2403.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-Iaw. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
PUBCHASI5O ACJEITCXES.
CLARA E JEWETT. • purchasing agent: etran-
try orders a specialty; corrcipondane* solicit-
ed. 305 Lark in St. room 4'J: tel. 3outa 319.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page 14*
jrai^_WAOTE1^^3iE---Continnea u
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Emr-loyir.ent and Labor Agents.
Wo tsp<-ak the German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1D03 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
00.000 Men Wcrk. Increase 60,000.
\- A-lvx J» JN a. mtb • '
CARPENTERS!
10 carpenters, housework, long job, fare
$1 30; $3 50; 8 hours.
INQUIRE ABOUT IT.
Carpenter, mine company, north, $60 and fd.
3 bench hands, country, $&0.
MINES.
GOLD AND SILVER.
10 hand miners, north. S hours. $D0.
Carpenter, mine. $2 day and found.
MISCELLANEOUS*
Grainer, housework, $3 50 day.
Vil'.man, furniture factory, city.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, ranch.
Farmer. San Luis Obiepo. $.15 to $40 and fd.
P-Jtoher. country shop. $30 and found,
l^iy. city factory. $1 week.
Cook, waiters and dishwashers, farm hands,
plowmen, milkers, ohoremen and choreboys.
Porttr?. bell and elevator boys.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 day st
CATTLE BUTER.
Experienced cattle buyer for a Urg* meat-
packing corporation; must have references;
$100 end found.
MURRAY A KBAPT. 634-g3g day St.
A— LATE SPECIALS.
READ THEM.
Blacksmith, carriage shop $3 day.
Boy to learn palntlnr trade; boy to lean*
machinist trade, city.
SED BOSS HERB.
Carpenter for mine, steady Job. so* boss
L here. $90.
r Choreman and gardener, s** boa hwr*, $30
I and found.
. BRIDGE CARPENTERS.
j 10 10 10
I Brldg* earpenterf for large company, $S 80.
MISCELLANEOUS. 1
Cook, country restaurant, $60 fouadj cook,
email house. $35 found; butcher, country
shop. $40 found; young man, butcher order
wagon. $35 found.
BENCH HANDS.
3 bench hands, planing mill, country. $3 50.
8 milkers, Colusa County. $35 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay stg
A — FOREMEN.
Concrete foreman, see boss here, good wmg*s.
Sloping foreman, grading outfit, $3 day.
TRACK FOREMAN.
Track foreman for new R, R., see boss here,
$4 day.
Foreman, carpenter, concrete) forms, Nevada.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MILLWRIGHTS.
8 millwrights, sawmill co.. long Job, $78.
CARPENTERS.
COMPANY WORK.
6 carpenters, factory, country. $2 23 fare,
$3 CO day.
HANDY MEN.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
" 10 men, handy with carpenter's tools. Oor-
ernment work see bons here. $75 to $90.
MAN AND WIFE.
Man and wife, run small boarding-house,
fare $1. $40 and found, see boss here.
Working foreman, ranch. $40 and found.
Stableman, country, south, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trad* in 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 648 Sacramento st
Lately moved from Clay et.
BAP.BERS, ATTENTION!
Wanted — Firet- class barber-Bhop doing good
business; 2 to 6 chairs; will pay cash for the
same AddreFs, with full particulars, box
471)2. Call office.
3-CHAIR ll>c barber shop for sale; rent $12 60;
prlee $150; taking in from $45 to $55 week:
2 chairs steady. Address 227 J st, Sac-
rcmaito. Cal.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail
end custom-house positions. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
CUTTER wanted; one with experience and of
good appearance; none but first-class men
need apply. 6. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market
TWO specialty salesmen; flrst-cla*s men enly;
call after 6 p. m. L. A. NOVELTY CO.,
19 Powell St., room 4.
MEN — The barber trade taught free; wage*
alter first week; new method. HAIGHT'S,
€11 Commercial st
WANTED — Educated gentleman competent for
encyclopedia work: salary $1000; references
required. 47, Academy of Sciences.
WANTED — Men to fill S50 rooms at 20c per
right; clothes closets, hair mattress; electric
light in every room. 681 Howard st
GET your choes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc 5C! Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st, Examiner building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid. :open till 9 p.m.
WANTED- r -One-cnalr barber shop; city or
country or opening. Box SS5, Call office.
YOUNG man to learn photography; splendid
proposition offered. 308 12tb ft., Oakland.
WANTED — Young man with $100 for good-
paying legitimate business. Box 887, CalL
YOUNG man to learn tailoring; ' room and
beard; email wages. 1908 Flllmore st
MUSICIANS to join brass band. 828 Bush
st. third floor. -v
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs, good furni-
ture; aisargaln. 262 O'Farrell st ;-. ¦-..-..
TWO young men; baxber trade taught free;
wages after first week. 751 Mission st
ERRAND boy to make himself useful In gents'
furnishing store. ROGERSON. 535 Valencia,
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st
MEN, learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st. •
WANTED — Man to learn a good trade; paid
while learning. Call 618 Merchant st
FOR rale — Well located barber shop; good
transient trade. Box 4SS1, CalL
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. £8 Steuart at
MEN wanted at 137 3d st, where shoes are re-
paired by machlrery; sewed soles 10 mm., 75c,
SAILORS and young men (green hands) tor
chips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION attj-.. CA.BuIIls. r. 40, Pbelan bldg.
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. It
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st... near Mar-
ket— 700 rocms; 35c ni^ht; reading rooms;
free 'bu« and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prire. SC3 Ml«y|on »t. bet. l?t and 2d sts.
SALESMEN.
SALESMEN— Every bank and business »onw •
knows us; our goods are salable; we can em- '
pic y a few more men on our new map of the
U. S. and World: large scale; clearly en-
graved; beautifully colored; frequently sells
at »isht :, new. plan of work of great help in
getting orders, many of our salesmen aver-
ajnar tTom $18 to $40 per week; no experi-
ence necessary; permanent employment
Write for full information. RAND, Mc-
NALLY A CO.. Chicago. III.
JTO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; nend for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
HOUSES TO IiET — fURNISHED.
OAK. 419— Completely furnished modern house.
10 rooms. .2 baths, garden and yard.
houses nmaisHED — pob sajve.
A GREAT bargain— House of 14 rooms; well
furniKhfd; must be sold this, week; offer
wanted. 242 Post Ft. f
House of 8 rooms, neatly fum.; all rented; no
real offer refuaed^ 902 McAllister. 1 to 1.
N~ICE furniture 7-room house: price $550. 943
McAllister at. -
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015* Van Necs a\-e.—
Thie first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for, families for the
season or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, wunny^and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant Cuisine highest order H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
N. T.. and Mow* Hotel, Honolulu.- •
JTT8.
ARISTOCRAT among pianos— the Gabler;
oldest exclusive, high-class piano in Amer-
ica; over 50.000 sold in the past 50 years.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.. S.
P.; 1252 Broadway. Oakland; manufacturers
of the Peerless Heine; largest stock and
greatest variety; installments and rents $2
up; prices from $25 to $1000.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mustard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable. '
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year. -
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order. -
Weber — Mahogany ease. 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up: easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ A BON, 16 O'Farrell st
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
cbaied. BCOTT-CURTA2. 560 Hayes st
ELEGANT uprtghts.new 4 2d-hand.$45 to $300.
Pierce' r Piano Factory. Market A 14th sts.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st -
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly nsw; a snap.
HORNUNQ. 216 McAllister st
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ * CO., 16 McAllister st
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
Fhonlnger. little u»ed. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
MATTBISSE8 AJTP PHIOVS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning;. HOPKH
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 216.
NTTBSSS.
SECOND ave.. 734, near Fulton — Home and
care for invalids and for mental and nervous
cases; phone Page 2508. .
N . . ... .•.??^?P-?-4^ i ?:
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tlnga, bagginess of eyes or j any blemish of
the face, Mme. Gllllngham invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other In this
city; demonstrator can be seen daily. 143
Stockton st; write for booklet
M. ELLA HARRIS. French liquid powder;
gives; face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub eft; send
only $1 and test it for yourself. M. Ella Har-
rls. chemist and skin specialist. 123 Geary st
THE Star Hair Remedy restoresgray hair, Im-
proves its growth.stops failing, cures dandruff,
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 133$ Po:Jc.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
' sore throat etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 40 Turk st. 3. F.
DENTISTS have found that CHICLETS have
splendid virtues for themselves and their
patients. ¦:>••
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY*, estab.
1890. 2122 Flllmore st; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down, and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post st, near PowelL
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market
H. ANDERSON. 26 O'Fsxrell st.— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 687.
SUITS to order on- installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st
EASY installments for Men and Youths BultJ
to order. Cc-operatlv Tailoring. 1117 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMO3. 1127
Market et.. bet Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine- diamonds; easy payments.
P. V.OARIN. 138 Montgomery »t
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.369 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary.r.83.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dre«« pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont
I MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country orders.. GOLDSTEIN* 4 CO.1733 Mkt
___ MONETTOJ&OAW—^to-tinued^^
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. COO Examiner building.
mSCELLAITEOnS — rOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 .Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it withelaterlte. in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
' pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying: modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK- BALKE-
CQLLENDER. 652 Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
TJNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st
FOR sale — Automobile delivery wagon; good
as n«w; cheap. Call a. FODERA'S. 626
Montgomery Ft,
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12. upstairs.
$40 — A FINE hammerle8s 10-gauge shotgun;
cost $250 new in England. 892 Lombard St.,
6 to 8 p. m. ¦ '
FOR sale^ — Second-hand shoemaker's machine;
fine Order; cheap. 407 Nlc/n ave., Fruitvale.
WANTED — Buyer for second-hand furniture,
books and clothing. 105 Fifth st, room 10.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. ¦ 370 Fell st.
DEEP-WELL drilling outfit; steam power.
William Edward & Co.. Ill Fremont st
STOVES disconnected and connected; $2 50:
plumbing, gasntng.409 McAlllster;tel.Mint 3056
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 023 Market st
Wallpaper. 3Hc; paint, $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merlgan.1302 Webster;te!.Stelner 3671.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers', samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sals for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN A TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN, 138 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third :tel.Maln 413.
.DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargafns. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st •
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont . st
CHEAPEST, and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent U any address In the
United States or Canjfaa one year for $1. •
MISCEI.1^AWXOTJ3 WARTS.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing;, special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 923 Folsom; tel. Folsonv8522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 829, .650 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought ' for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. room 4O6, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st ; phone Black 3036.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods.. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 3016.
Levy & Radler, highest price for gents* cast-off
clothing, shoes: tel. Red 1644, 615 Washington.
MEPI0A3^ — Contlnnea.
LADIES suffering from irregularities. Bick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
st. ;rellef guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
A word to the wise is sufficient.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBsT;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleaaon-Rugglea Drug Co.,Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT AMOUNT TO LOAN .'.
INTEREST 6V4 AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRT
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty,' probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN .LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-103 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main C924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
, .. C01-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages. Undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc:*; legacies,', life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN '
A reasonable amount on 'v'f F.\
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low~*rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get tenna Drake, 4C3 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 38 Geary, room 38.
HIGHLY respectable private place to • obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
906 Market; tel. Mala 1G44. Branch 19 Third.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITKD
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St.,
near Market.
A— THE Portland Jewejry Co., 25 "Stockton St..
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc.,' at
2 per cent per month. • ¦
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 623 Parrott Bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed, notes and other security. - 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at . low Interest; gold, - silver.
diamonds, pearls -and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'O. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
gonable Interest. A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan *
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg: phone Main 3214.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security: The White
.Co.., 42Q - California st.. rooms li and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
: us. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAlt Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to • salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
* . mo. : 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 J Kearny.
8 % ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
.; no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. a Eddy at.
ITIK REALTY SrNDICATE.
%;;tal paid in : $4,600.000 00
040.901 S«
Issues
Six t*r cent
Certificates
At sar.
Ornce — No. 14 Eansctn* street.
San Francisco, Cal.
DON'T rifk your money in questionable vent-
urpy when you can obtain "First Mortgage
C:,li Donfis* {^.rtl Men on downtown business
property) paying • good rate of interest and
el. fwure a* Government boiids; single bonds
SSOO 00 *ach: Interest payable quarterly; at-
torney* eecklror investments for clients and
trustees of esta.tr* should Invertirate this at
cnc«. "Bends." ST> Crocker building.
fr<T-n«SFrL mon»-y lenders will soon open
F.nnther effle* and cfTer an !nter«"*t and r°-
»-:tlra to the r-Elit man who can furnish
T*rt cf loanable funrls as wanted: tJiis Is
rn 'Kcepticnal opportunity to establish »
your.p rr.an in a round business, much like
barkinr: references required. Address box
If 12. Call offlc*. f.
¦VTAKTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate
certinoat««. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PAJCT. 107-10S Crocker building.
COUP ANTES termed: mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Ecjrtern connections; adrloe fr*«.
tr^te A p. HaRAPZTHY. E22 Cro««lfy bdg.
rXrEHTTTTBE FOB SALE.
UEMIT MATER pars highest prloes for fur-
nitiir*, carpets, etc 781 Mission; tel. Bush 813
grip ff Agrap— rsMALE.
COOK, small restaurant t3S i
6eccnd cook, restaurant W per week I
Man and wlf«, hotel, country >C3
4 cocks $25. *30
2 second girls 123. $30,
Housework Berkeley J-3
' Cfcajnbermald ar.d laundress t25
Chambermaid and ¦waitress, hotel, oountry.$25 '
2 waitresses, restaurant ...$6 &ad $7 we^k ,
Cock for Mountain View $25
Housework, city. 3 in family $30
And a large number of girls for housework.
city and country $20. $25
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. S34 Sutter.
A-WAXTTD — G'.rls to learn hairdreeslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
thre« positions to £11 Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
rchool in W«rt. 2S3 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to l«arn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
tris-.mers. salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
S10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors. 143 Stockton St.. r. IX
A — PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
end evening classes; ail parlor work at re-
duced pricee. 123 Powell et.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, even!r.gs or spare time and return to
us; r. mailing or caavasjlng; $9 weekly
earned, materials free; inclose *u»lf-addreF»ed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No.
W 12. Ninth et., Philadelphia. Pa.
REMUNERATIVE employment, moderate eal.
*.ry and libers! commissions for a limited
number of ladles; must b* well drewied. well
cduo«ited arid good cenversa-ticnallsts. Apply
<1-jrltit.' af:ernocn. r.v.rr. f/21, Starr. King bldg.
FOTHt girls; house work i call after 11 a. ra.
C12-613 Grant tmillUnr: South 104.
A NEAT your.jr Protestant girl for general
housework: frr.all family; wages $20. 2215
Van Ness &ve.. near Broadway.
TAILOP.KPS wanted. Apply GOLDSTEIN A
OO.'S. 7:i3 Market «t.
YOUNG e;rl to work In fruit stand. 254
Fourth st. »
WANTED— The Utttieat girl In town to ask
her druggist fcr CHICLETS.
WANTED — G-rl for second work s.nd waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WAIPT finisher ajr.i sleeve maker at 2014 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED — Girl frr h^isework; wages $20 to
?2j. Ajjfly 18 Chattanooga rt.
WANTED — Young girl for housework; email
family. Ap^ly 2'2S Wa&iington st.
WASTZP — A flrrt-elaBji Cressmaker; also an
an>rei:tiC€. 12<>Vi Hayes st.
Gir.L or moman for light hou»ewk. and care 2
-children. Call before 10 a- m.. 3S2 Geary Et.
LADIES for s-u-ady home employment; $8 to
$12 weekly. Err.ma Spreckels fcidg., 927 Mar-
ket «t. # room 618.
WAITRESS at 192S Market st.
TALENTED ematnur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. ra. Wednesday; salary no object.
APPRENTICE girl wanted on pants: pay
while lesj-r.ir.K. C2S Montromery, room 83.
HILP WAHTED — MAI.I:.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
606 Market street, room 325, fifth floor.
OfSc« hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $23 week
St»-nofrrapher $15 week
Minag-er department store.... $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker SIS week
Timekeepers $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $18 week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office work 115 week
Bank clerk (bond retrulred) $25 week
Yourjf man learn dentistry $10 week
feog Market et.. room 325, fifth floor.
AT HORD A SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents, &5 Tblrd st.
Elderly sum to milk 7 ows, $25 and found.
Siieei> herder. $30 and found, fare SI.
(>m&n or Swedish boy for caady factory, 19
w«*k.
. Elderly man for chores, prlvat* plax>«, $13
and foend.
Solicitor for tea and oeffee, big Inducements.
Amador County, teamsters, $2.
Ej'O~ salesman, country, $75; clothing sales-
man, . country. $25 a. week; grave: miner
S2 60 dajr; carriage painter for country; cus-
. torn eho«maJcer; farmers, $3O found; and
otters. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento «t.
AXDRE'S offlc*. 817 Etockton rt. — Gardener
end wife. $60; cook and baker. $40; waiter
$10 a week; dishwasher, $20; bell boy. $13;
young man to work in liquor store. $25
' • r. found; man to ie:.d horses, yard, etc.,
resort. I'-Z and found, ete.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
B«U boy, $15; cock. $S3.
TOUNG taen «very*'Ker«, copy letters, home
•ver.ir.pe. jfl £0 we«k. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W-12,
boa 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
A GERMAN or Swedish boy. living with par-
ents, sl* apprentice in retail candy factory;
peld while learning. MRS. M. E. DAT.
&1 O'FarreU st.
ERRAND boy tor drugstore; ags 12 or IS
years; no nlgtt nor Sunday work. Box 020,
Call office. n
¦WANTED — A boy about 18 to assist In s^"O-
C «T and drive wssoa*, experience neeeseary.
Box S21. Call cfSc*.
$50<>— f>TEAI>Y man for partner j n a jjo. 1
buelnm; large profit*: easy to learn. In-
vestigau^at^ £8.1 Fourth «L. barber shop.
FOR s«Je— Absolutely guaranteed 4-chalr 10a
bartHi- Fhop cheap; part cash. 627 Eaera-
:¦••:•-. rt.
CJ £* 1 . boys wanted. AppJy at S. X. WOOD A
CO/S, 74Q Market «C
A neat, reliable offlc* boy* Union
Lithr.-graph Co.. 22S Eansome st.
B t.^,? ER * "555*??! experienced man; Oak-
ride. Ceil Oakland Pier shop.
11 tinner for- bench work.
T. IEETER & CO.. a Second et.
W to !C^5£t H i^V^ l ttenfl hot lunch
indue, hi,
, hop for aaie~^
ABD VAQOH8.
FINE river bottom pasturage; , green feed ye»r
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, 8. F.
FOR sale, cheap, iron gray horse; weight 1250
pounds; work single or double. Inquire at
113 Welsh St.. near Fourth, R. F. J.
NEW and second-hand wagons, burgles, sur-
reys cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
TWO fine pandle top wagons for sale cheap.
150G Folsom st.
FOR sale cheap, all kinds of business wagons;
new and second hand. 1S03 Folsom st.
FOR sale — Pair of large draught horsss. Ad-
dress box 4504. Call office.
FOR tale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
elngle truck. 233 Beale st.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 16S0 Mission st.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and ha/nees
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, enrreys, buggies, wasrons, bar-
ness, work A driving horses. 15th-Valencia.
HOTJSE-CX.EAITIWO OFFICES.
JAPANESE houeecleaning company and shoe-
maker. 618 Gough St.; phone Howard 3583.
I.05T aitp rouin?.
LOST— On Haight-st. car. Market st., or in
Emporium, Monday morning, stick pin, white
cameo, Egyptian face set tn plain gold; no
particular' value save as keepsake; will pay
many times intrinsic value for return. 27
Noe st., city.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of CURTIS A. BOLTON. No. 241-
1466. Th« finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Dog; black and white; large, shaggy;
part shepherd; answers name "Go"; suit-
able reward. f WILLIAMS, 884 Geary at. ¦
LOST — Elk's tooth emblenv set with diamond,
engraved C. W. L— 218; $B reward. 1435
Park St., Alameda. ¦>'.,.>
LOST — Female pointer, last Saturday p. m.; li-
cense C99; reward offered. 311 Montgomery
avenue. '
LOST— Lady's gold watch, bet Grand Hotel
and ferry: liberal reward If returned to
Grand Hotel, Ban Francisco.
LOST — Monday night, small diamond brooch.
Return to 1223 Clay St.; reward.
LOST — Friday, young paroquet, from 3777
Twenty- third st.; liberal reward for return.
LOST— Diamond locket, containing photo; re-
ward. 1212 Pacific »t. '
LOST — Lady's gold watch; Initials "E. J. F."
Return to 092 Oak st. ; reward.
FOUND — Fraternal badge, 24th at. and Po-
trcro ave. REA BROS.
FOUND — Large reward of good health to
everybody who chews CHICLETS.
j U» PITCHES FOR HIBE. '
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Buah 634.
' MEDICAL. .
LADIES who are In trouble, or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex, can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no Day.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— Possibly I'm not ths cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM &
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confldeMn me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1; est. 14 years.
DR. E. O..WE&T. of Hce 305 Kearny at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«-
mi!« t-oubles and irregularities; instant re? I
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market st., opp. SthI !
MRS. >OR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 044 Post st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
- ciaUst, has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience in female complaints without a
- failure; no operation, no. drugs,; when others
fall see the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor at, near Geary.FEARS HER HUSBAND.— Samu.l M«rcer
r h ? Pe ."'^ 9 oa CWornU avenu.. wai a!rrS%
rt"L nl ?. ht v n col »P»»"« of his. irtf«T She
?i a l m ,? i}' r hu «&*n<* ha» repeatedly threatanSS
tocher and .*>• fear, bV^Hl iriySithto
Josephine McMenomin of. 118%
Langton street was arrested yesterday
afternoon by CMflcers White and Young
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children for negelect of her
three offspring. Stanley, the youngest
child/was taken to the Children's Hos
pital, as he was sick and emaciated.
It is alleged that liquor is the cause of
Mrs. McMenomin' s difficulties.
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
The application for a writ of habeas
corpus for the release of Dr. Thomas
F. Brennan. charged with the larceny
of over $36,000 from Rev. Father P. J
Grey, was withdrawn in Judge Cook's
w Uf M ye^ terday on motIon of Attorney
hV™ Cannon f °r the petitioner. A
demurrer to the Information against
Brennan was sustained by Judge Law
lor on Saturday and the case dis
missed. The ground was <hat the in
rormation had not been filed within
three years after the date of the al
leged offense.
Brcnrjnn Writ Withdrawn.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 13.
Stmr Mactfl', Whitney, 4 hours from Half
mcon Bay.
SAILED.
TuMday, November 13.
Br stmr Wellington. Cutler. Ladysmlth.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. Port Harford.
RETURNED.
Schr Bessie K returned to port on account
of bar breaklr^g. < '
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Failed Nov 15— Stmr Sonoma,
for San Francisco.
IiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Owen Mcllugh to Thomas B. Draper, lot on
N line of McAllister street. 162:6 B of Pr*-
Bidlo. (Central) avenue. E 50 by N 137-6- J10
Edwin and Helen S. Goodall to Maud 8 In
wood (wife of Arthur H.). lot on W line of
Parker avenue. 000:7 N of Point Lobos ave
nue, N 25. W 00. -8 25. E 02; $10. '
Louis N. Bandoln to Adam Burkhart. lot on
E line of Belvedere street. 100 N of Waller. N
23 by E 123:5y 4 ; flO. • :•• - -
Geortre H. Underwood to Ernest Bohlen. lot
on S line of Sacramento street, 62:6 W of
Laurel, w 25 by S 107 ;7^: ?10.
Paelflo : Improvement Company to John
Stlerlen,.- lot on W line of Clayton street. 175
S of Carl. S 60 by. W 100; $10.
Richard J. and Josle G. O'Brien to Louis
and' Mary .Unternahrar, . lot on E line of Fol-
Richard and Marie Flnklnc to Mary A
Ralney. lot on \V line of Fillmore street 87 •«
N of Grove, N 25 by W 107:6: *1O. '
Joseph and Max J. Brandensteln (trustees
estate of Albert S. Rosenbaum) to Maxwell
Levy, lot on NE corner of Vallejo and Pierce
streets. E CO by N 120; $3S«. ,
Julius and Ida Gollober and Ellis and Etta
Conn to Mark H. Morris and Abraham C
Karskl, lot on SW corner of Ellis and Plerco
streets, S 50 by AV 00: *10. *-«rce
City and County, of San Francisco to Wil
liam H. and Agnes M. Sexton, lot on S line
of Hal=ht street. 60 W of Devisadero, W 25
Estate of Louisa M. Babcock (by Charles D
Haven and C. M. Klnne, executors) td L. p"
Kerner. lot on NE corner of McAllister and
Flllmore streets, E 72 by N 87:6; $29 Quo
L. P. and Minnie O. Kerner to' Stephen
Hauser. same: $10. v
Cecelia and Gregory J. Phelan to Gresorr
Phclan et al., lot on W line of Van Veaa
avenue, 04 N of Oak street. N 20 by W 82 •«•
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15.
Mrs. Bertha Connens, the woman
who made herself conspicuous by
bringing flowers to the Morgue to
place on the slab bearing the body of
an unknown youth who committed
suicide at the ocean beach, will be ex
amined as to her sanity. She has been
calling at police headquarters, making
all sort* of absurd complaints and yes-
II **£ f he ., ral 2f d sucn a- disturbance
that Detective Taylor placed her under
-r»^ St ?. nd » to ? k^ ner to tne «nsane ward
at the Central Emergency Hospital.
Woman May Be Insane.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ole Olsen. a seafaring man em
ployed by the Alaska Packers* Asso
ciation, was knocked senseless last
night by two thugs, who attempted to
rob him. He is now lying In the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, suffering
from severe lacerations of the -scalp
and possibly a fracture of the skull.
Olsen, who while in the city makes
his home at 1237 Vallejo street,
stepped off a Hyde-street car shortly
after 11 o'clock last night and started
to- walk to his residence. When near
the door two men, who had been con
cealed in a doorway, sprang out and
one of them struck him' on the head
with a blunt instrument, felling him,
to the ground. The other attempted
to take Olsen's watch, but the chain
broke and the timepiece remained In
the sailor's pocket. The thieves were
frightened away before they wero
able to search their victim. As ha
had but 40 cents with him they would
have met with but a poor reward for
their crime. Olsen had been drinking
during the evening and is unable to
give a good description of his assail
ants*
men, Who Attempt to Steal
Ills Watch.
Ole Olscn' Is Assaulted by Highway*
SAILOR IS KNOCKED
OUT BY TWO THUGS
John C Saulters, who was tried be
fore a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court
on a charge of assault to murder and
was convicted of assault with a dead
ly weapon, was sentenced yesterday to
serve twenty-one months in the coup
ty Jail. The Judge took into consid
eration the defendant's previous good
character and the fact that he had al
ready spent about three months in
Jail. Saulters had a dispute with Bes
sie Mayes in her room at 111 Grant
avenue on August 24 and pulled a re
volver out of his pocket. Policeman
Conner had been summoned and dur
ing a struggle with Saulters for pos
session of the revolver it was dis
charged and the bullet entered tha
woman's shoulder.
John Wilson pleaded guilty in
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday to a
charge of burglary- He waived time
for sentence and the Judge ordered
him to serve five years in San Quen
tln. He entered the residence of Mrs.
Julia B. Coon at Fruitvale on August
9 and stole a quantity of silverware,
which he disposed of in this city. He
has already served two terms In San
Quentin lor burglary. and was only out
eight days when he committed the
burglary at Fruitvale.
Jail for an Assault With a
Deadly Weapon.
John C. SaultfTs Sent to the County
BURGLAR PLEADS GUILTY
AND GETS FIVE YEARS
Mining Stocks. !
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. !
Following were the sales on the San Fran- [
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yeaterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks. ;
200 Andes 21! 1150 Con Cal & V.I 05 i
3CO Andes 22 : . 200 Crown Point.. 19!
1C0 Belcher 17 100 Mexican 1 C5 .
200 Caledonia .... 33 1200 Sierra Ncv 34 ]
300 Challenge ... 131 400 Union Con.... 47 j
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
100 Alpha 1*1 1W) Confidence - • • 84 .
20<» Alta ..... Orti 20O Crown Point.. 16 ;
200 Belchi-r l"l 30«> Hale & Norc. 6O ,
100 Caledonia .... 35 .100 Justice 04!
200 Bullion 24 100 Ophir 2 15 !
1C0 Bullion 2 5 10O Potoai 03
200 Ohullar i::| 10i> Savage 23 j
100 Con Cal & V.I 70j 200 Union Con 43 .
100 Confidence ... 80:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.! Z Bid. Ask.
Alpha J " 15 ! Julla Ort O7
Aita ••• "•• 07! Justice 04 05
Andes -<> 22 1 Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 1* 18! Lady Wash ..02 04
Bfst & Belch.l 05 1 lid Mexican ......1 10 1 15
Bullion 24 25| Occidental ... 74 76
Caledonia.... ?~V 36- Ophir 2 15 2 20,
Challenge ... 13 14! Overman 12 14
(.hollar IS 14:Potosl CO V) i
Confidence... *5 .KM Scorpion «r» 07.
nsi Cal & V.I 70 1 7.".' Savage 22 24 !
(Ton Imperial. — Ol'Seg Belcher... 05 (n <
Con NY Ki ¦ US' Sierra Nev 3." SH
Crown Point.. 15 17' Sllvor Hill. ... 51 83"
Eureka Con.. — 50'St. Loute 0« OH j
Exchequer... 4-1 4"! Syndicate m (15 ¦
B Sierra Nev O.T r!>< T'nlon Con 5O SI J
Gould A Cur. 10 11 1 Utah 07 08
Hale &. Norc. 63 <U | Yellow Jacket. 15 17
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS. '
Morning Se&slon.
l?0O Brunswick .. 1T| 400 Ray & O' Brlen 08
500 Jumbo 50, HiflO Rescue 1(>
10f.f> Espranza ... 0111000 Ton Ohio 32 ,
2fW> Gold Anchor. 2f'l 10O Ton of Nev.. 9 00 :
100 MacNamara' . 271 lf*> West End ... 16 |
Afternoon Session.
200 Jumbo 50! 700 Ton Relmont.. 69
1100 MacNamara . 26 1C0 Ton of Nev.. 9 00
400 Ray & O'Brien 08 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev.. 9 00 9 25| Rescue 08 in
Mont Ton ...1 SO I SSITon A Cal 17 20
Ton Exten ..1 85 2 00! Ray & O' Brien — 07 '
MacNamara . v 26 271 Paymaster ... 03 04
Ton Midway.. . 36 33 Little Ton . . 45 —
Ton Belmont.. «» • 7i'.j Esperanza 01 02
Ton N Star... 16 17 Gold Anchor.. 20 —
West End ... — UlQuincy 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. 16 KIN Y Ton Con. — 10
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm .. — 2^j Jumbo 50 —
Re<t Top 11 13| Jumbo TCx . . lt» 22
GoUlfield Mhk 17 21! Vernal Mln ..10 —
Columbia — 2r>| Goldneld 61 —
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following w*re the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Adams 11:2500 N Y Ton Con. 12
6CO Black Butte. . 1712500 Paymaster ... 03
140O Bullfrog Mln. 51| 2CO Ton Belmont.. 70 '
200 Bullfrog Mln. B2| 3CO Ton Belmont.. G8 |
500 Goldfleld Mln «1 1 SCO Ton Gold Mt. 18 1
50o Goldfleld Mln 60 11 CO Ton Midway.. 37
1000 Gldfld Red L. 0«! 400 Ton Midway.. 36
15CO Jumbo Ex .. 201 500 Ton N Star... IS
100O MacNamara . 28' 2000 Ton N Star... 17
100 Mont Ton ...I W; 1C0O Vernal Mln .. 11
Afternoon Session.
00O Bullfrog Min. Til' ROf> Mont Ton ..1 82 1$
400O Diamondfleld. 2M 40O Mont Ton ...1 SO'
500 Diamondfleld. 24|inoo.X T Ton Con. 12 ]
COO Diamondfleld. 23! 50O Ton Belmont.. 70 I
1C0O Esperanza ;.. 01'2000 Ton Midway.. 3fl !
T.00' Jumbo Ex .. 2f< 10O Ton of Nev.. 9 CO j
1000 Jumbo r.0 1000 Vernal Mln .. 11
16,600 MarNmara 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Aek.t Bld.Ask.
Adams . . .¦ — 11 1 MacNumara ..28 27
Black Ants .. — .10 Mont Ton.l 77% 1 82\i
Black Butte. . 17 18 N Y T Con M. It —
Blue Bull M. — 271 Paymaster ... «2 03
I>ooth M Co. 13 — iQuincy n
Bullfrog Min. 61 ' — ! Ray Exten .. — 05
Columbia.... — 2fV Ray A O'Brien — 10
Diamondfleld. 23 —I Par Ton — H '
Esneranza, ... — 01 ! Red Top It '
Olp*v Queen. — 2r>!n«teue 09 10 j
Goldfleld BAB — l.MPothwell G M. 1ft BO I
Ooldfleld Dmd — 2C| Sandstorm ... 10 15;
GoldflelH Mln W» — !Ton Belmont.. B5 fa
Goldfleld Mhk 17 —(Ton & Cal.... 15 —
Gldfld Red L. — M Ton Cash noy. — 12
GoMfield S Pk — IS' Ton Exfn .. — 1 93 !
CJoMfleM Ton. — 11 1 Ton Oold Mt. 17 IS
Cold Mt Con. — 021 Ton Midway.. M 37 I
.Hszel Kirk .. OR —I Ton Nev. .8 87*4 O 12*4 '
Jim Butler .. 55 — ITY>n 1ST' star. .. 16 JS I
.Turrb'o — 51 'Ton Un'on .. — 11 ;
Jumbo Ex . . 20 — I T'nlte^ Ton . . — OS j
Little. Ton .. CO — 'Vernm! Mln .. <«» 12
Lucky Tom.. — 10' West End 10 17 I
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Chin Tai Chung, a Chinese residing
at 733 "Washington street, was stabbed
In the abdomen while attending a oer
formance at the Washington-street
Theater last night. The injured man
Is a member of the Chin familv and
says he does not know the name of hi3
assailant, but could recognize him if
he saw him again. He says he is not
a member of any tong and thinks he
was mistaken for another person. De
tective McMahon is of the same opin
ion. The Injured man was treated at
the Central Emergency Hospital, but
is bleeding internally and will probably
die.
Lee Ten Bow, a member of the
Chinese Lee family, was seriously shot
by Lee Tons:, sometimes known as
Yun? Quong, last nigrht in Baker
alley The shooting was the result
of anxrtd Quarrel between the wn
man and his victim. The Chinese
who did the shooting is a member of
Jhe Bin* Kong tons, and had sought
the life of Lee Bow for some months
PS The injured man claims that his as
arre.ttd »ome time ago for cairylns a
»i\ y iu%. h .'-?a^^ o^nr?o
Pa Two months ago Bow's room was
burglarized and he accused Tone of
stealing his clothes. Tons had for
merly roomed with him and had a
key to the room. The accusation an
£Ired his friend and a n R ht ensued in
which Bow hit Tong over the head
with a bottle. Since that time Tone
has been seeking the life of his hated
enemy
Last" night as Bow was walkinsc
from Sullivan alley Into Baker place
he was shot In the right thlfih by
Tong, who stood crouching In a door
way. Tong's aim was bad. and Bow
will live. The would-be assassin made
good his escape and is now in hidinar.
At a late hour the police had failed to
locate him. Bow recognized hla assail
ant and will swear to a warrant chars
ing him. The bullet was extracted
from the wounded man's thigh by Dr.
Pawllckl at the Central Emergency
Hospital. He says that Bow will re
cover.
Chin Tai Chung Keceives In
juries Which Will Prob
ably Cause His Death
STABBING IX THEATER
Lee Ten Bow Is Shot in the
Leg by an Enemy, Who Has
Long Songht His Life
MORE TROUBLE
IN CHINATOWN
August H. and Matilda H. Johnson (owners)
with B. K. Albertson (contractor and architect*
— All work except gas fixtures, shades, mantels
and tiling for a two-story frame building
(flats) on lot on E line of Rhode Island street,
100 N of Twenty-fifth. N 25 by E 100; $3300.
Holm & Nathan (owners) with Richard j
Htrring (contractor), architects Hemenway & ,
Miller — Fixture work, etc.. for third and fourth j
stories of building (Aronson) NW corner of
Mission and Third streets; $3750.
.cm. atreet. 102:5*1 S of Thirteenth. S 23. B
94.65. N 23.312. V**; 1 *' teuton C. Bowlo.
same: $10. „ irnhn lot on S
Johanna Haneke to HeiW > U o j church. E
line of Twentieth street. 80 E 01 <-«
25 by S 114; $10. Oliver to Charles
Joseph A. and Ell»beth Oliver w chyrch
Musane.-lot commencing »••»" N i«l:T.
street and 139:5% N of^Wtt©*^ W
SE 53:3%. SW 114. NW 21:1*4. s W-°™'
12 Exn,fy 10 S. K.rns to Harvey H-^f;J£
I^W^/n ?3 F8 E rr 2t N^ 2 T J nVo : $1 °"
William A. Kama to same. ¦??•; •»i Mn .
Hugo and Gertrude Urban to Maurice Ro*e n
berg, lot on S line of P» c L n( L> 8 i re SiV>
of Leavenworth. E 22:6 by S «8:«; *£• ,
William A. Karns to Emily & .£Sti N
on NW corner of Geary and Hyde •««¦• *
87:6 by W 87:6. quitclaim deed; ? 1 "- ft
Harvey H. Dana to same, same: *iv.
William Ede Company (corporation) ito Joww
Schoenfeld. lot on W corner » f * 1^ t
Minna streets. NW 45. SW 75, NW 35. »w
75. SE 80. NE 150; $117,000. gw
A. J. Morrison to Nat 1 -, 1 w«£i.on
line of Second street. 210 SE of Harrison.
SE 65 by SW 90: SS63O. Ijumi
Margaret and William McDonald to Jam*.
Cutely, lot on SE corner of Elg n "en '" *£?
Tennessee street.. S 75 by E 200: also lot °£
E line of Tennessee street. 125 N of Sierra.
N ?5 by E 100; $10- . __ w .
s s^n^wm
"3525 « l^to^^ William. ,ot .on
S line of California street. 32:6 E of blxth
avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10. _,.,,,,_
City and County of San Francisco toWUmm
Fagan, lot on E line of Twenty-fourth street.
150 S of Clement. S 25 by E 120; $ -.
Heber W. and Sarah J. Wltham to Alvln
B. Harrison, lot en W Una of Sixth avenue. 00
S of C street, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Timothy O'Brien to Ellen O'Brien, let on
SW corner of I street and Seventh avenue. »
23 by W 112:6; also lot on W line of Seventh
avenue 25 S of I street. S 25 by W 112:6; $10.
Annie Jennings (wife of George). Mary J.
Kingston and Thomas Jennings Jr. to Johanna
Strecker (wife of Adolph), lot on E line of
Tenth avenue, 160 S of I street. S 25 by E
120; $10. , „
Robert and Christine F. McMillar to J. M.
Stowell. lot on W line of Forty- sixth avenue.
175 N of K street. N 50 by W 120; $10.
City Building and Loan Association to Jen
nie Smith (wife of M. A.I. lot on E line of
Stanyan street. 75 N of Rlvoll. N 25:4 by E
100 Clarendon Heights; $3100.
Jacob Heyman Company to Fredolf J. CUu
sen. lot on S line of Alvarado street. 202:6 E
of Hoffman. E 37:6 by S US. lots S6 and 87.
Heyman Tract; $10.
.Thomas J. Atkinson to Denis J. Collins, lot
on NE line of Madrid street. 225 NE of Per
sia. NE 25 by SE 100. block 37. Excelsior
Homestead; $10. • _
Morris and Mollle Stlverstein to Edward C.
Lawler. lot on SE corner of Mansell and Lnl
verstiy streets. E 120 by S 100. lot 8; block 123.
University Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts-
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
14
PBTgSICIAUrS AJTO SITBQEOHS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office ano residence,
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th, partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. - '
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leaven worth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dts-
cases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
! treatment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter.
__TTPEWTBITEESJI.SrD STJPPiXES. _
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 530 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Web3ter Typewriting Inspec. CO.. 508 Market.
~
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 28Z
DIVTDEJTD KOTICE3. '
DIVIDEND notice— Claremont Oil Company on
Dec. 1, 1904. will pay a dividend (No. 6),
amounting to $4500 equal to le per share
on its issued capital stock Transfer books
close Friday. Nov. 25 1904. at 5 p. m.. pay-
able at company's office room 731, Mills
bldg.. San Francisco. GEO. J. REMING-
TON. Secretary. -
I.EQAI. NOTICES.
; NOTICE is hereby given that the Mission
I Hotel Bar fixtures, U. Gamma, proprietor, at
¦ 3305 and 3309 Mission St.. has changed
hands; all bills must be presented Inside of
5 days from date. November 13. 1904.
MAKltlAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
Arthur W. Templeman. 25, Los Gatos, and
Laura Hardwlck 22 Annapolis. Nova Scotia.
' Bdward R. Pierce." 33 Oakland, and Maggie
1 M. Fltzpatrick 32, 630 Laguna street.
1 Charles J. Davis, 34 SOS Fifth street, and
Margaret M. "Walsh, 25, 1101 California street,
i Rudolph T. Haas 24, 326 Eleventh avenue,
1 and Gertrude Beguhl 24 326 Eleventh avenue.
Jerry Whelan 25, 4C81 Eighteenth street,
; and Eva McMur'rough, 24, 446 Ninth street.
i William I. McCall. 40, Ftesno, and Mollle
Emerson, 3tt Fresno!
William B. O. Cammerer. 23. 115 Bernard
street, and Bessie Nichols. IS. 115 Bernard st.
Hazen B. Rich, 28. Long Beach, and Chris-
tine Chors 27, Spokane, Wash.
William H. T. Hule 21. San Rafael, and
Lillie M. Reis. IS, 2201 Sacramento street.
Michael J. Coleman. 28. 032 Minnesota
street, and Delia M. Connelly, 20. 2322 Cali-
fornia street.
Joseph W. Campbell, 21, Oakland, and Alice
Brown. 21. Oakland.
Charles M. Lee 21 1624 Hayes street, and
Shirley N. Peaks.' 19.' 1624 Hayes street.
David Harrington, 27. 479 Tehama street,
and Mary Murphy 23. 505 Devisadero street.
Arthur McGruder, 22, city, and Nellie Col- |
11ns. 20, city. ¦
Martin McLaughlin, 25. 14 Commercial
street, and May Batteate. 23. 14 Commercial.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must 1* handed
in at tither of the DUblicatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free cf charge. -
v MARRIED.
JOSEPH— MEYE.R— In this city. November 6.
1001. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Joseph Jo-
seph and Theresa Meyer.
DLUD.
Anderle, Robert J. landoway, Susana
Brown Felix. G. I^evlnson, Rosalie
Campbell. Agnes Lltzius. August F.
Cohane Laurence Lynch, John
Cook Nancy B. McGufflck. Wm. R.
Conlan James M. O'Neill. Catherine E.
Connot. Mrs. M. Park. Mary E.
Crocker, Emma H. Ruppert. Harry J.
Davis, George Shields. James
Diefenbacher, Augus- Sullivan, John J.
ta Tarr. Alvin B.
Ford Jerome Trees. Hannah
Froese F W. Wagiier. Christian I
Greer Sarah Weinberg. Mo.*es ,
Hughes, William Welnkey. Rosalie \
Isaacs. Morris Wheatley. Elizabeth |
Kilday, William J. White. John I
Knowlton. Elizabeth ' Yarde-Buller;Mary L. j
ANDERLE— In this city. November 15. 1901. !
Robert J. dearly beloved son of. Joseph and
Annie Anderle. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 2 months and 2 days. j
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services .
to-morrow (Thursday), November U>. 1904. I
nt 1 :•">'> P- m., at hts parents' residence. 553 I
Lombard street, thence to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. ".
BROWN— In this city. November 14. 1004, i
Felix G. Brown, dearly beloved husband of j
Sera Brown son of Elizabeth Brown, and
brother of Mrs. L. Jansen and Carrie B. '
Brown, a native of California, aged 40 years j
" months and 5 days. 1 A member of Callfor- j
nla Parlor No. 1, N. «. G. W., and Union
Lodge Knights of Honor.
|C?"Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to<-day (Wednesday), at 9:.'{0 a. m., at I
the parlors of H. P. -Petersen. 228 McAllister ]
street. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery. I
CAMPBELL — In this city. November 14. 1004, I
Agnes Campbell, beloved daughter of the ]
late Patrick and Mary Campbell, and sister
of Joseph. Patrick, Thomas»and Bert Camp-
bell and Mrs. Leo Valencia and Mrs.' Annie 1
Stumpf, a native of California.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes- •
day, November 16, 1904. at 12:30 p. m., from
the residence of her sister, Mrs. Leo Valen- j
cia. 1S22 Fifteenth ptreet, thence to Mission j
Dolores Church, where services will 'be held
at 1 P. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. 1
COHANE— In this city, November 14, 1904,
Laurence Cohane, aged 79 years. ;
CT'Frient.Is and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors
of Carew & English. 2!) Van Ness avenu*.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOK— In this city.' November 14, 1004. Nancy
B. .Cook, a native of New York, aged 77
years' 3 months nnd 3 days. . !
CONLAN— In Dlxon. November 12. 190-1, I
James M.. beloved son of John P. and the 1
late Mary E. Conlan. and brother of John |
W. and Samuel L. Conlan nnd Mrs. Frank i
Stanford, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
41 years 10 months and 12 days. . i
(TT'The funeral will take place Thursday,
at 8:.'!0 a. m.. from the parlors of Porter &
White. 423 Golden Gate avenue, thence to j
Bt, Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass 1
will be celebrated for the repose ot his soul, ]
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment private. 1
CONNOT— In ¦ East Berkeley. November 15.
1004. Mrs. M. Connot,' a native of Murphya, |
Calaveras County. Cal.. a&ed 51 years.
CROCKER— In Newport. R. I., July 20 1904, j
Emma Hanchett Crocker, wife of George i
Crocker, and mother of Emma Rutherford
Kearney. Alice Hanchett Ervlng and Alex-
ander H. Rutherford, a native o t California,
(ETFuneral will take place Friday, at :
10:30 a. m., from Trinity Church, northeast
corner of Bush and Gough streets. Inter-
ment private In Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland.
DAVIS — In this city, November 14. 1904,
George, beloved son of aames and Kosa
Davis, and brother of Raymond C. Davis, a
native of Chicago 111., aged « jearj 3
months and 27 days.
DIEFENBACHER— In Oakland. November 15,
1904, Augusta, widow of LouU Diefenbacher,
and mother of Charles and Minnie Dlefen-
,-bacher and Mrs. George Planer, a native of
Germany, aged 60 years 6 months and 10
days.
F 9Jy?— J n Conc <>rd. N. H.I November 13,
Ja'°V, J CT ome For( l. brother of Mrs. Captain
E. M. Freeman.
FJ R°Ef r E— In this city. November 14. 1904.
*. \\. Froese, a native of Prussia, aged 6t
BpTRemalns . nt Charles J. B. Metzler's
undertaking parlors, 636 Washington street.
GREER— in this city. November 14, 1904, Sa-
rah Greer widow of the late Samuel Greer
i^-i ? °i County Down - Ireland.
«tf nJ f lh n / Of the faml 'y are invited to
attend the funeral services Thursday No-
X^YJl- I 1 S-f?,"- at her late residence.
322 Hyde street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Trn^d^re'e^'al lES'lTE* " 3
H Vv^i H | ES ~i!l, thls city; November 14, 1904
H, Jh^T- o be i <n ; ed v huflban<1 or -«»e lale Sarah
'Mr* i0im nd fa , ther Of William T. Hughes
Mra.\\ llllam Wedgwood and Mrs. William
HENRY J.CALLACHEi? CO.
FUN ?o R £ L ,',? IRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
':.:'.» 20 FUtn "V oPPoolte Lincoln School .- '
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
-Funeral Directors and -Erabalmers .
*C°" nerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 187.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. .-'¦
James McGinn. •. ¦^Hrlenry^Hanseii^l
JAMES McGINN &. CO..
• Formerly ' With , McGinn Bros. '
T funeral Directors and Embalmer*
214 Eddy/ st. Tel. South 87C . •>
nr*T- ESTATE — CITY — POB SALB.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PAKK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growlnj: city of Ban
FrancUco has only a email area of
Ocean Beach?
Astounilnr prices will be obtained for lota
treatise the ocean In near future.
We oCer the only Exaded lot* frontlnr right
en boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000— Unobstruct'd ocean and park
view. Lota on ta«y terms. None like
them In this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terma. Don t
miss this opportunity; see
them to-<lay.
$100 to $350— Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Get off car at our Oc*ans!da branch office on
comer H at. and 47th ave.. open dally
and Sunday.
ICOfl to $1100 — Choioest gunset and Richmond
lots. On Installments.
U00 to H<X>— l*\t\ Excelsior Homestead lot*.
Near cars. $5 monthly.
flSSO »o $8000— Modern cottages In Sunaet.
Richmond. Oceaaslde and Mission;
«&sy terms.
SOL GETZ A SON. Owners and Dealers,
Rooa 54. fourth floor. Chronicle bid*-.
W. J. GCNN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
Savings Union BuildinsT.
$1700— Union «t.. on eunny side; marine view;
27:6x110; ready for building; very cheap:
adjoining lots celling tor $2500.
$l£0C — Eleventh ave.. east aide. 225 ft. aouth
frc:n Point Lobes ave.; S0xl20; a bar-
fain; {T&AeC, macadamized and sewered!
well located; fine buy for a builder to sell
act in.
$2050 — 13th aT»., W. side, near Clement: 2
lots 25x120; cheap.
$seoo— East line 21tt, S. from Lake; 90x120.
$2000— E. line 21st, N. of California; 60x120.
Cur. Clement ana 11th ave.; 75x120; call at
office for prlc* and particulars; a bar-
gain; choice lot, suitable for store and 9
Cats.
$580 — E. aide 21st, near Point Lobes ave.; 25
nta; choice lot for store and 9 flats.
zl20; ready for building; cheap lot.
A pretty cottage residence on Funny elde of 1
street In Richmond; everything perfect;
mell built, and as owner is going away
a bargain can be obtained.
Paci3o Heights building sites, with grand ,
marine view, the choicest, for sale.
W. J. GUNN,
530 California st.
COME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Cbeleert lota, Excelsior Homestead Tract:
level ac a billiard table: on grade; dose to
fine school and MiEslon-st. electric cars;
bound to double In value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocean Boulevard; best residence location
aouth of Golden Gate Park. Get the ctlldrea
one for Christmas.
W J. •WHITE.
20 Montgomery et.. r. 8. Phone Main 0704.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
' DOWNTOWN.
OVER 75x137:6.
EXTRA LARGE.
NF.AR TRANSFER POINT.
OFFER INVITED.
CAN BE DIVIDED FOR 2 BUYERS.
$2750 — LARGE S-room house, 47 Arlington St.; I
could be rr.ad" Into flats with very little
expens?: near Mission and Guerrero st. cars;
flT.V* morttape can stand. D. COFFIN, 252$
Mission St.. near Twenty-first. j
ENAP— FOR SALE
Lot 50x100; price $600; Felton St.. between
Sen Bruno ave. and Giiard St.. San FTandscc.
Inquire owner, 511 Broadway.
$1400— TERMS If desired: 30- foot front; block j
cf 19th and Valencia; street work complete. I
The Dolaa Co.. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin, j
A 12000 HOME built to euit you. U ¦ Included. J
•cy Jccatlon. on $1 £5 per week. Mutual
Home Bulldlnc Association, <27 Crosaler bid.
MODKRN bathrooms fitted up; estlmatea.
Ah:ba<-h & Mayer. Plumbers. R36 Howard st.
BEAI. ESTATE — COOTTTBY—For Sal*, j
WHITE & BAYLEY. ~~ j
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. LODI.
The t"»n that has the '•SNAP" to it; the
section that ha* the most fertile soil in the I
Ssn Joaquin Valley; fine roads; water trans- '
lortatlcn.
We are subdividing a choice tract in 10-acre j
lot*; only 2Ht mUea from town; surrounded by J
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards; j
soil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet d&ep; 1
school on the tract; J75 per acre. This will not !
last over M days; first come, first served. Ad-
joir.;n* land sold for $125.
$sr*«j — Close to Nspa City; 50 acres rich,
level land; :J5 acre« in orchard 12 years old; |
good fe-rocm house; large barn, windmill and !
tank: drying plant, poultry yards; horeea, cat- j
tie; farming tools; good furniture; fine income; i
half cash.
*1MX» — Close to Sebastopcl; 10 acres fine land; 1
4 acrw bearing prunes, berries, garden; 5 acres }
young ai>pl*s; half cash.
fifty down— 109 seres and ute of 40 more; 2 i
miles of postofflce; In Sonoma County; rcUtng i
land; K acres vices; orchard; finely fenced: I
building alone cost $2000; house 7 rooms; barn. I
wagon-ehed. puultry-houset. yards; 15<X> cords j
wood; tome Ftock; furniture; price $2500. ;
$400 down — 4(>-acre dairy and poultry ranch; ¦
2 good dwellings, barn, poultry-houses, incuba- j
tor: 6 cow?, 15 Angora goats, 2 horses, buggy; j
tools; 10 tone of hay; only 1 mile of town; in-
vestigate quick; 52000. :
$550i>— Only 1 mile cf Hayuards; 37 acres |
fine land; 4 acre? bearing orchard; modern 1
houte 6 room* ani bsth; finest barn in county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this is the best buy I
In the vit'.nity. i
$2«5<J — North of Watsonvtlle; 65 acres. 8 acres
full bearing apples. 9 in grain; fine berry
patch; 40 acres timber; flowing etream; 9-room
house; large barn and grar.ary; water piped to
buildings. We have a choice election cf fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
\lcir.lty. Bee a few.
tl'hOO — Close to Petalurna, 1 mile station; 10 I
acres rich loani; family orchard; among beau- j
.tiful oaks; modtni ccttage, 5 rcoms, bath; '
¦jood barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse, j
cow. fe'J h»ns, buggy, etc. ; will add 12 acres j
adjoining if desirt-d; F«e this quick.
$10, 000— Close to Geyscrville; 5S acres rich j
Russian River bottom; great hop land, or j
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard. 12 prunes. 23 acres fine alfalfa; large
new barn. We offer tome of the finest farms 1
In the world in this wjperb section; let us j
drive you ? round.
$2500 — Kesur Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12 j
acres pears in bearing: family orchard; good !
house and outbuilaings; well fenced; Investl-
rate this.
$1MO— All level, 10 acres, 2 miles of Galls-
toga.; email orchard; good house and barn; 2
*•:..-: n«-ar school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per acre— a miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up: half cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbrldge
canal.
?5500 — «0 acres, all tillable. No. 1 soil; fam-
ily orchard; mostly In grain; 6-room house;
good barn, windmill, blacksmith shop, poultry-
houeef; near school; fine team; Jersey cow,
pigs, laying hcn«, tools; wagon, 2 buggies; all
furniture; close to Santa Roea.
$2750— Foothill ranch of ieo acr«s; near
r . Clayton: £>"> acres fine plow land; house, good
barn: family orchard; terms.
$1700 — 25 acres, close to Calistoga; adapted
to vines and tr«ea; Jamlly orchard cozy &-room
cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres rood land, with new,
hard finished ccttage cf 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-hout*, 2 Incubator*, broo'leis; all ]
farming too!«; near Petaluma; price $2000.
$S5 per acre for sandy loam land, slightly i
rolling: 8 miles west of Petaluma: In tracts
from 5 acres up. We wi»h to call special at- '
tentlon to the choice homes we have in tbe vl-
cJnlty of Petaluma end want to have you
drive out with us and tee them. Photos at
this offlre.
$2000—25 acres, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa. 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land: 2 acres orchard: vineyard; creek. 1
wella; nice cottage 5 rooms; large barn; ;
fenced Into 4 fields; S poultry-houses, large
»-Ire netting yards. 150 laying hens; good hor*».
5 cattle; eprinr wagon, top buggy; 4 tens hajr;
easy term*.
$2000—10 lots at Ccrte Madera; 4 ralnntea
from depot; log cabin worth $1000. fine shake
cabin; 6table; fine suburban home; easily worth
$3300; hot and cold water throughout; modern.
$2950—04 acres, near Watsonvllle; 200 apples;
6 a -re* fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
grain: 6-rocm cottage: barn, outbuildings.
I12O0 — 10 acres In vine and fruit belt, near
Lodi; sandy loam; &-room houre and barn.
$2500— Near Santa Cruz. 60 acrea rich allurlaj
¦oil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room house,
barn.
Send stamp for the largest and moat diversi-
fied printed list oa the coast.
WHITE & BAYLET.
Successors to •
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st., room S.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
1S3 acres. Napa Co.: CO acres In cultivation;
fruit, vlaea and grain; fully equipped and
caying: beautiful place; gentleman's home.
SUADBfKNE. 4O6 Montgomery at.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Seed postal for catalogue* of the best land
bargains In California. C M. WOOSTER CO..
64 S Market rt.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerl » — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, rent to any address In tbe
Unite fl Elates or O"** M one ft-tx lor SL
BOOMS TOR HOTTSEgEEPTTTQ— Con.
TURK. 1605— Three large, nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; sunny; bath, porch,
stationary tubs; $12 month.
VAN NESS, 232— Nicely furnished sunny front
bay-window corner; separate kitchen; $18.
"WALLER, 71 — Regular dining-room and
kitchen of new house; fine view; sun all day.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
APABTMEITT HOUSES.
THE Everett Apartments, 823 Fell, nr. Fill-
more — Most elegant apartments in city; 4 j
and 5 rooms, furnished and unfurnished; sun !
all day; elevator, telephone; 535 u*p. '
COLE. 405C— Sunny furnished 4-room apart-
. ment: piano: very desirable; references.
BOOMS TO LET — Turn, and TTnfnrn.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK house, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to *5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
AVON. 473 Geary — New house, Just opened;
suite and slnele rooms; private baths; spe-
cial rates to tourists.
ARDELL HOUSE 15 Page— Large furnished
rooms. $1 25. $1 60 week; housekeping, $2 up.
ASH aye., 88, near City Hall — Large sunny
front for two men; also one, $5.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en- i
trancesi 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric ;
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week. '
CALIFORNIA. 1264 — Nice, sunny room; run-
ning water, large closet; gentleman or lady.
FIRST, 317 — Small front furnished sunny
room.
FELL, 64S — Large furnished sunny front al-
cove room, suitable for 2; also single room,
bath, etc. ; walking distance.
GEARY. 643— Large front room; elegantly fur-
nished; suitable for two; reasonable. > i
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c I
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room, i
GRANT ave., 7— Nicely furnished, sunny front
suite; also single rooms; $1 50 to $7 week.
HARRISON, 2410, j bet ween"~Twentieth and
Twenty-first— Room to let; $1 per month. !
HOWARD. 715 — Large, sunny rooms at low !
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
KEARNY. 229 — Sunny rooms, en suite or sin- j
gle; rent reasonable; phone Black 4446. j
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny single room, $5; single }
back room for housekeeping, $5.
MARKET. 3O49 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
$2 60 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $S per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
ln # every room and gives free baths ;_nd ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
NINTH. 141 — Sunny furnished room for- two
gentlemen; other rooms; private family.
PINE. 827. near Powell — 1 large sunny room,
suitable for one or two; reasonable.
PINE. 1733. block from Van Ness ave.— New- j
ly furnished room: bath; phone; reasonable. |
. , — . 1
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights; ,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- I
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 SO; week, $2
to $S; month, $s to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POWELL. 1902— Larg; unfurnished room to
let at $« month.
STOCKTON. 41-45 — Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, also single. $2 to $6 week. .
SUTTER, 717 — Sunny front or back room;
running water; S minutes' walk town; reas.
¦ — . 1
TAYLOR. 511— Sunny front room; has gas, I
bath: 2 gents or married couple; $10. \
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS. !
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV- I
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; KLEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 3t;i Sutter — New brick bldff.,
finely furnished ; hot. cold water, Eteam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
THE Earl. 19 Powell — Elegantly furn. rooms,
35c to $1 50 per night; $2 to $S per week. !
UNITED STATES, 12.j"Ed"dy. nearMarket— 400
rooms T>5c to $1 night. $1 7.1 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
UNION. 1945 — 4 unfurnished rooms nnd use of
bath.
VALENCIA. 210 — Large sunny room; private
family. Call SuDdays or evenings.
WEBSTER, 1.1C0— Funny furnished room; bath.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d Ft" near Market— i
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms; I
35c to $1 50 nightly: ?2 to $8 week; elevator; j
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage. I
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received Tt
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts. I
A BRANCH office of Tbe Call for the~recep-
tlon of advertisements and Fubscrlptions has
l>een opened at IMS Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY furnished front roon\ for one or two
gentlemen, with breakfast. Apply 1352 Web- I
bter st.
HAIGHT, 332— Large sunny suite; running
water; grate; second floor; corner house.
BOARD without rooms. 5S0 Valencia st.
COMORA (The). 621 O'Farrell— Large grounds,
sunny rooms; superior table: reasonable rates.
ELLIS. 1436 — Rooms to let; sunny, cheerful
and reasonable; board if desired.
OFARRELL. 1453 — Rooms and board; home
- comfortu; convenient cars; Jewish family.
ELLIS. 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with .very
best French table board.
CALIFORNIA, S07— Best rooms, table and
service In tho city for the leant money.
HOWARD, 841A— First-class board and room,
tingle or double. $5 week; American family.
ROOM and board In French family. 172S Sut-
ter et.
WASHINGTON. IRIS— Handsome, newly fur.
par. i>uite; xingle rooms; conv.; exc. table. I
HOOFING. j
ROOFS, eldewalks and cellar floors laid and '
repaired; low prices; all work guaranteed.
Chicago Roofing Company. F. HERRMANN,
Manager. GOO Second St. ]
EE-WTNG- MACHINES AND STTFKLXES. !
ALL make?; 2d hand. $2. $5, $7. $1); new,$4, $S- i
drop head?, Xt drawer, golden oak,?15; rented' j
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic 1
S. M. Co., 140 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3796. !
DOMESTIC — The machine for family uee; beet '
• 1* cheapent; second-hand all makes at any j
price: all kinds rented lowest rate*. Domes- i
tic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth. |
LOCK stitch and automatic; The White Grand-
two machines in one; at the new retail of- :
fices of THE WHITE CO., 915 Market st. :
ALL- kinds second-hand $3, $5. $8; slightly ]
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls '
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
. ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission et.
LJ ' I
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725^
731 Howard at., nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st • 1
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pren".;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and , stored.
1 PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
nco Post and Pcwell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 184Q. Shipping at cut rates.
i STTJTTE3ING AND BTAKMEEINft.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Nesa and Market,
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
STOP SBXXTKXira.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tabletform":
- mailed In olaln package; has cured thou-
aands. L. L, C. CO., 417 Hayward bldg., S.F.
¦ TO I.EA3E. ,.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. 'Apply at
barber shop. '
SAg MATEO BBAX ESTATXL
LOMITA PARK— On Una of San Mateo electrio
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff" will Join
the main line; 60-foot lota from $400 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes In front of erery lot; pur«
artesian well water; 175 lots sold since
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot In this desirable section: take the
electric cars and get off at "LOMITA
PARK" and Investigate; maps sent on ap-
plication.
SELBT. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main 673. 118 California, at
$4000— LOT. 100x100; 2 cottages. 4 rooms each,
basement; boreal n.
$1600— New cottage of 4 rooms, basement.
$650— Lot 4Sxl00; railroad station.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market at., a F.
EEAL ESTATE TO EXCKANQ21.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. property
for ranches J. H. EDSON. 14-.JJ Bacon
block. Oakland.
BAKCH TO XEXTT.
A SMALL place In the country for rent, suit-
able for an eld couple; house, with barn and
chicken yard; rent reasonable. Inquire 520
Grove st.
ALAMEDA ADVERT^M'TS
ALAMEDA SEAL ESTATE.
WHO wants a beautiful and complete new 6-
room cottage, worth $4000; now for sale for
$.'(2fH): lot 50x106; location first-class. Owner,
1243 Park et.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT ? S y NTS
BERKELEY HEAL. ESTATE.
NETV 5-room cottage; bath, pantry, high
basement; city water: ' gas and electrio
lights; main street; 2 blocks to station; lot
. 40x120: see this and you will be delighted;
'¦* price $2500; terms. $300 cash, balance $20
monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln station.
South Berkeley. Open Sundays.
ALMOST new 8 -rooms. 2 story; bath, pantry,
mantel, stationary tubs, hot and cold water,
electric lights; large lot; 2 blocks to Key
route and S. P. R. R. station; good loca-
tion; price $2400: terms $250 cash, balance
J25 monthly: open Sundays. O. A. - RU-
DOLPH. I^orln station. South Berkeley.
ENAP: 5-room house; bath, good well, fruit
trees, flower garden; lot 70x125; price
$1200; terms $3C0 cash, balance same as
rent, $15 monthly; convenient to station.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln station. South
Berkeley.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st., Berkeley; 9
rooms and bath: lot 40x135; new and modern*
runny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If declred; no trouble to show proo-
«rty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. ObsuK.
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth art-
Oakland.
$1300 — HERE Is a snap. You pay for the hou»e
what It Is worth and you get the lot, 25x150,
free at a local station across the bay; store
and 2 living rooms below. 6 living room*
above. Box 409, Call office.
BERKELEY— House to lease on large corner
lot; 12 rooms; every convenience; abundance
of trees, flowers, fruit; best location; near
College ave.; near electric line; rent $100.
Address J. E. B.. Berkeley P. O.
$31W) — NEW, moaern, 7-room house; 15 min-
utes from North Berkeley station: high
ground: fire view. R. a. BERRY & CO..
Postofflce block. Berkeley.
OAKLAXD ADVERTS'M ? T3
OFFICE, 101 0 BROADWAY.
OAgLAlTDBEAL ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT! "~~ ~~*"*~
BUILD YOUR HOME AND PAY
FOR IT IN MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS.
The Realty gyr.dlcate through the
Piedmont Building Association builds
houses to suit purchaser
on initial Dayment of 20 per c«nt total
cost cf house and lot — Balance
In monthly payments — interest at 8 per cent.
After Interest !s deducted the remainder
of monthly payment is applied on
principal, reducing both principal and
interest from month to month.
GIVE THIS MATTER YOUR ATTENTION.
We have lots ranging' In price from
$500 to J2<)00 — we build houses
of all ;irices — you can easily decide
how much your required home will cost.
All our property 1U-* near the Key Route
ferry lines and is within easy
distance of San Francisco.
SEND FOR MAPS AND CIRCULARS.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE. [
1213 Broadway, 14 Sansome st. |
Oakland. San Francisco. |
OAKLAND PROPERTY FOR SALE. i
$24uo — Reduced from J2900; owner and I
builder financially embarrassed ; must sell; I
cottace of 5 rooms, bath; all modern con- j
veniences, with 9-foot basement, constructed j
co bs to be made into a flat of 5 rooms |
more; lot larse and sunny; right near Key
Route station at Fortieth and San Pablo;
only 27 minutes to San Francisco; terms, $350
cash, balance mortgage at low rate of in-
terest. Remember, the house is new, mod-
ern; flrst-class. "First come first served.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
WE have clients looking for Investments In
Oakland property. If you have either houses
or lots for eale call at our office or mail us
full description and price.
C. E. REED.
46S Eleventh ft.. Oakland.
$5500 — AN elegant 8-room house and modern
bath, and lot 00x100: al' Improved In lawn !
and cement walks; house Is elegantly car- ;
peted and mostly furnished with first-class
furniture; po.«itively a sacrifice. See owner.
R. E. CALLAHAN. 2B Montgomery st.
— . !
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont;
fine neighborhood; good location: near car
line; will eell cheap: must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 673 36th st.
TWO lotn, 25xlOO. with cottage !n North Oak-
land, clore to Key route power-house and 2 >
blocks to local train: only $1000; investigate !
this. Inquire 2405 Telegraph ave. '
'¦ — f i
POB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargainTln "f urn£
ture. H. Schilhaas. 11th st..cor.atorc,Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem ? t3
__ BOOMS POB HOTJSKEEPINO.
A SUNNY floor of 3 room*, alcove and bath: i
completely furnished; Eastern exposure; 5 i
minutes' walk to Kearny st. Phone Main
3055, or apply atternocn 1809 Taylor st.
EDDY. 804 — Two aunny housekeeping rooms.
FOURTH,' 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single.
OEARY. 1225— Completely furnished suite for
housekeeping, bath, etc.; also 3-room cot-
tage with yard; $21 per month.
HOWARD. 1071 — 2 large unfurnished conneet-
ing rooms; modern ;» private family; cheap
to right party.
JESSIE, 323 — Large front parlor, gas range, 2
beds, $3 76 wk.; other rooms, $3 and $175.
KEARNY. 104^ — Bay window front suite and
kitchen; $20; eunny; adults; references.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room eunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
! KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine
Eunny furnished 8-room suites; steam heated,'
. electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable 1
MINNA. 546 — Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $3 to
$12; ens range; hot bath; adults.
POST. »62 — Sunny front suit* $15: pleasant
alnsle rooms S5, $8, $10; g&s. phone.
SCOTT. 800. near Halght— 2 or 3 extra «unnr
housekeeping rooms; low price.
STANYAN. 1009—2 sunny front rooms, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; 1 block from
Golden Gate Park; rent reasonable.
THE LAUNSTON. 110 Eddy— Newly furnlsh-
ed; best transient house In city; 60c. $1.
THIRTEENTH, 174—3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; adulU; $10.
TREAT are.. 878, near Twentieth — Two sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping ; $12 60.
"Hallinan. a native of Liverpool. England.
a«red ~ 64 years 11 months and 16 days.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 a, m.. from his late
residence, 13 Lafayette street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of hla soul,
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ISAACS— In this city, November 15. 1004,
Morris Isaacs, a native of Exseln, Germany,
aged 75 years.
ICTRemaina at Charles J. B. Metzler'a
undertaking parlors. 638 Washington street.
KILDAT— In this city. November 13. 1904.
William J.. beloved husband of Susie Kil-
day. father of William and Helen Kilday.
son of James and Catherine Kilday. brother
of James, John. Lizzie Nellie and Agnes
Kilday. Mrs. W. Flahaven and Mrs. T.
O'Dwyer. and brother-in-law of Mrs. and
Mr. George Hartmann*- a native of Boston.
Mass., aged 43 years J
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11:30 a, m., from his late
residence. 763 Sixth avenue (Richmond),
' thence to Eagles' Hall. 731 Market street,
where services will be 'held under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O.
E., commencing at 12:30 p. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KNOWLTON— In this city, November 14. 1004.
Elizabeth R. Knowlton, beloved mother of
Grace W. Knowlton and Mrs. Lyman M.
Welch, and sister of James H. Doollttle. a
native of Maine.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
LANDOWAY— In. Berkeley. November 15
1004, Susana Landoway. aged 67 years and
10 months.
LEVINSON— In San Jose. November 14, 1904,
Rosalie Levinson. beloved mother of Amelia
• L. Gates and Herman and Henry Levinson.
and beloved sister of Joseph Waldetein. a
native of Posen, Germany, aged 74 years.
i (ETInterment Hills of Eternity Cemetery
to-day (Wednesday) at 12:50 p. m.
LITZIUS— In this city November 14, 1904,
August Frederick, beloved husband of th«
late Caroline Litzlus. and- beloved father of
August C, Louis G.. William F. and Charles
H. Litzlus, Mrs. P. Hambley. Mrs. James
Hilton and the late Edward C. Litzlus, a
native of Hanover. Germany, aged 7b years
8 months and 2S days.
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m., from his late resi-
dence, 252 North avenue, oft Cortland ave-
,nue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city. November 15. 1904,
John, beloved husband of the late Mary
Lynch, father of the late Mamie. Hannah
and Michael Lynch and Mrs. Michael Cos-
teUo and brother of Mrs. Hannah J. Hunt,
I a native of Lakefleld, Klllarney, County
! Kerry Ireland, aged 78 years. A member
i of the Laborers' Protective Benevolent As-
sociation.
IDT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30, a. m.. from the parlora
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGUFFICK— In this <lty November 15. 1904.
at his residence 1769 Page street. William
R. beloved husband of Nellie A. McGufflck.
son of Elizabeth McGufflck, and brother of
J. R. and G: N. McGufBck of Oakland. Mrs.
Annie Goodspeed and Mrs. Frank H. Smith
of Stockton, a native of Cold Spring. N. Y-,
aged 50 years C months and la days.
E7"Interment will, take place to-morrow
(Thursday) at Stockton on the arrival of the
8:30 a. m. train from San Francisco.
O'NEILL — In this city November 15, 1904,
Catherine E. O'Neill, beloved wife of
Thomas B. O'Neill, mother of James Francis
O'Neill, and sister of James W. Kelly, a
native of San Andreas, aged 46 years.
PAKK— In thie city. November 15, 1004, Mary
Ellen beloved wife of William E. Park,
and mother of Charles H.. Jonathan T.,
William H. and Mary B. Park and Mrs.
Rhoda J. Lunney. a native of Illinois, aged
52 yoars 11 month and 'X days.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, November 17, 1904. at 10:30 a. m.,
at his late residence. 105 Andover avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemeu-ry.
RUPPERT— In this city. November 4. lfi04.
Harry J.. dearly beloved and only child of
Gporge J. and OIlie Ruppert. grandson* of
Francis and the late Warren C. Ualdock,
and nephew of Frank M. Ruppert. Charles
K. and Mollie BahiQCk ami Mrs. Birdie Ha-
ger, a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years
7 months and 16 days. (Washington, D.- C,
papers please copy.)
ICTTrienUs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at l:ot> j>. m.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment 'Mount Olivet Cemetery. 3
SHIELDS— In this city. November 15. 1904.
James Shields, a native of Ireland, aged 73
years.
SULLIVAN— In this city. November 14, 1901,
John J. Sullivan, a native of Spain, aged 43
years. s
C7" Remains' at the parlors of the Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking- Company. L"O
Fifth street. NoUce of funeral hereafter.
TARR — In Oakland^ Cal.. November 15, KI04,
Alvln B.. beloved husband of Leonora Tarr.
and father of Alvln E.. William N. and. Em-
- ma Tarr, a native of Canada, aged (JO years
4 months and 16 days.
TREES — In Oakland. November 15. 1904. Han-
nah, wife of the late Thomas Trees, mother
of Mary J Buchanan, and grandmother of
Marie Buchanan and Mrs. C. E. Pickering,
a native of Leeds. England, aged 78 years
7 months and 3 days.
WAGNER — In this city. November* 14, 1904,
at hlg residence, ¦f.'.'.'i Hampshire street,
Christian, dearly beloved husband of Frieda
Wagner, and father of Carl Wagner, a na-
tive of Wurtemberg. Germany, ajced ."is ytars
and 30 days. A member of San Francisco
Schwaben Verein and Germanta Lodge No.
171S. Knights, of Honor.
(E7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Thursday), November 17, at 1:30 p. m.,
from the parlora of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137
Mlssiort street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to San Francisco Turn Verein Hall,
353 Turk street, where cervices will be held
under the auspices of the San Francisco
Schwa ben Verein. commencing -at 2 p. m.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WEINBERG — At Goldflelds, Nev.. November
13, 1004. Moses, beloved husband of Rebecca
Weinberg. and father of Jeanette, Alice and
Joseph Weinberg, a native of Germany,.
(New York, Baltimore. Worcester Mass.,
and Norfolk. Va., papers please copy.)
ICFuneral will take place from 214 Spruee
street. Services and Interment private.
Please emit flower.
WEINKEY— In this city. November 14 1904,
Roftalie Welnkey, a native of California,
aged C6 years.
(tirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
strf thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WHEATLEY— In this city. November 14 1904
Elizabeth Wheatley. beloved wife of the late
James H. Wheatley, and sister of Mrs Em-
erett McEwcn, a native of New York' aged
70 years and 4 months. (Brooklyn, N Y
papers please copy.) " " "'
lC3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt»d to attend tho funeral service*
to-day (Wednesday), at 11j30 a. m at
her late residence. :«t)4 Seventeenth street
corner of Valencia. Interment private
"^"h" 1 "*^!], F £ U , ltVa i e - Nov «niber 15 1004,
.°v hn v^ h!tP ' DtIov e<J brother of Mrs. John
Abraham, 'a native of Chearsley. England,
aged t9 years 6 months and 0 days
T^ RI^ BU J- LER -.! n "vermore. November
k'ti 10M U Mar u y Lollah Kirkham Blair Yarde-
Buller. daughter of the late General Ralph
5 • and Kate E. Kirkhanv and mother of
Bi a al P r and the ' Arthur «•
CARD OF THANKS.
I desire to express my sincere thanks for
the sympathy shown and the many flo-al
offerings sent by my friends and the em-
ployes of the Southern Pacific car shops in
my late bereavement.
MRS. JULIA OILFETHER.Receipts of Beans were again liberal, being
7049 • sacks, making 19.2S4 sacks during the
past two days. Most of the current receipts
continue to show the damaging effects of the
early Tains, and choice lots are scarce. The.
market rules dull and more or less weak, ex
cept for Limas. which are firm* at the. slight
advance . reported yesterday. There Is nothing
new In Seeds.
BEANS — Bayos.$2 75®3; Pea, $3 10@3 25;
Butters. $2 73<g3; small White. $:{ 15«3 M:
large White. $2 4002 65; Pink, $2 7o@.J 15-
Red $4 2o<3>i 50; Lima. $4 lo®4 25; Red Kid
neys, $4 60®4 75; Blackeyes $2 t!0@2 70 per
ctl ; Horse Beans, $1 S5@2 4<j. .¦'<'.'
SEEDS— Brown - Mustard, $4 75@5; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25: Flax, $2@2 75; Canary. «K
@7c; Alfalfa, 15V4@ltiHc; Rape, - l',$B»it c *
Timothy. 5«ic:Hemp, 3«4@3»4c per lb'; Millet'
2V4@3Hc: Ilroom Corn Seed. $20ig^Ji per ton'
DRIED PEAS— Nllcs. *1 75#2 60; OrVen
Peas. $1 76@2 50 pe r ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Hops continue firm at the advance recently
noted, \ with buyers_ already contracting for
1005 crop at 17c. Ss noted yesterday. Ten
months ahead is a pretty distant contract and
is a good Illustration of the continued firmness.
"Strong, active and high" Is the report giv
en on Hides by "the local houses. Prices show
no further change. Receipts pass out of re
covers' hands as soon as they come in.
The Wool market is still ?*> excellent cdndl
tlon, everything being well cleaned up and
quotations very firm. Trade could hardly be
on r better "basis. 1
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls -and bTand* sell
about 1 ,4(fi"lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. 10c: light. fJVic; Cow
Hides, OV-c for heavy and 9V4c for light;
Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. lO^Jc: Salte.i Veal,
lie; Salted Calf. 11 Vic; dry Hldea. 17>/sc: dry
Kip 15c; dry Calf, 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
2.")iS?»0c each; short Wool. 40ffJC3c each: me
dium 75@0Oc: long Wool. $10150; Horse'
Hides, salt. *3 for large and ?2 50 for
medium $1 50<S2 for. small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides dry, St 75 for large and $1 25®
1 50 for medium, $1 for small, 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c : dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Sit Ins — Prime -Angoras. -75c: extra large do,
$1 23; large. 50c: medium., 35c; small. 20c. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4^c per lb;
.No. 2 ZVic: Grease. -2%©Sc: ...
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern Ofillc- Southern, 8@0c; Southern Moun 1
tnln. 9@llc; Middle Counties free. 12-3>i-»c:
Co defective. 10(fTl2c; Northern free. 12®14c:
do, defective 10@l 2c ;. Humboldt and AlenJn-;
clno. 16fl5i!<»e.neT lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 29@32c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Port Costa Water Company, regular monthly
30c per share, amounting to $1500. Presidio
Street Railway Company, regular monthly, 20c
per share, amounting to $2000. Paclflc Auxil
iary Fire Alarm,, regular quarterly, 10c per
share, amounting to $2201 30. California Gas
and Electric Corporation," regular monthly | 23c
per share, amounting to $25,000. Th* Ameri
can District ; Telegraph , Company, . 1 per cent
on the capital stock. Th* International Smoke
less . Powder Company, ¦ a - semi-annual- of - 4
ner cent ou.- the preferred stock; Th* United
Tjtates Express Company, -a regular semi-an
nual dividend of 2 per cent. -The Pullman
Company, a regular quarterly of $2. The Daly
West Mining Company of Utah, a monthly of
40c. The United Copper Company. ; a regular
seml-jnnual of 3 per , cent on the preferred
stock. / OH' companies paid dividends aa fol
lows: Four, 1 cent. $3000; Caribou, 7 cents.
$5CC0; Sovereign, 1>V cents, $7500;. Sterling. 7
cents. $17,500. ¦ :
California Fruit Canners' AssociaUon stock
It is reported that the Ewa plantation will
commence paying quarterly dividends of 2 per
cent March' 31 and -that- extra dividends hav»
been ordered fox November and December en
suing, which will bring this year's dividends
up to S per c«nt. There have been redeemed
this year SICO.UCO bends and $200,000 mors will
bo taken up ti*e flrst of th« year. leaving out
standing only $100,000,- which It )a Intended to
pay off. In the middle of 1903.
The following dividends were paid yester
day : ¦ - '
The . volume of business on the Bond Ex
change was smaller yesterday, but the market
was very interesting, as there w«»re a number
of sharp . fluctuations In weir known stocks.
The sugars continued very buoyant, with
prices generally higher, Hutchlnson selling
from $12 25 up to $14 12%, .Hawaiian up to
$74. Honokaa up to $17, Paauhau up to $18 73
and Makawell up to $31 23. -The great bulk
of the trading was In these sugar stocks
Alaska Packers became sensational again de
clining to $93. a loss or about ?4. Giant Pow
der was another weak stock, selling down to
Iftt). and Gaa and Electric sold off to $33 tr>u
The oil and mining stocks showed little
change worthy of note. !
Another Lively Market, With the
Leaders Fluctuating.
S^OCIv MARKET.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Nov. 15. — CATTLE— Re
ceipts, SSOO; steady. Native steers, $400;
cows and heifers, ?2 40@3 80; Western steers,
$4@8; cows and heifers, $2 40©3 SO; • Western
steers. $2 7503 75; range cows and heifers,
$2 2">@3 50; canners, $1 7502 25; stackers and
feeders, fl 25@3 90; calves, $2 50@5 50; bulls,
$1 75©3 75.
HOGS — Receipts, 9800; market 5@10c lower.
Heavy/ $4 60@4 70; mixed, $4 60@4 65; light,
$4 65(^4 65; Pigs. $4@4 60; bulk of sales, $4 CO
©•4 «5. ¦ " - ¦ ¦ , ' '
SHEEP — Receipts, 5000; stronger. Western
yearlings. $4 25@4 05; wethers, $4@1 50; «wes,
$3 75(24 40; common and stockers, $3(34 £3;
lambs. $565 75. .
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 15.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 111.000; market 5@10c lower. Native
steers. $3 75ij fl »*' ; native cows and heifers,
$1 50®5- stockers and feeders. $2 25SJ4 25; bulls.
$1 75S.1 00: calves, $2 50®6; Western steers,
$3©4 50; Western cows, $1 60@3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 17.0OO; market 6*3100
lower. Bulk cf sales. $4 50@4 75; heavy, $4 70
<54 80; packers, $4 tXK<j4 75; pigs and lights,
$4 2504 t55.
SHEEP— Receipts 1 , 5000; market strong. Mut
tons, $4124 50; lambs, S4 25@5 75; range weth
ers, $4(24 75; ewes. $2 50®l; Utah yearlings,
97 pounds. H 60; Utah lambs, 60 puunds. $5 50.
Omaha.
Kansas City.
CHICAGO. Nov. 15.— CATTLE-— Receipts,
1300, Including 400 Westerns; best steady,
others 10c lower. Good to prime steers, $5 90
66 85; poor to medium, $3 50@5 70; stockers
and feeders, J2@4; cows, $125<$4 45; heifers,
$1 76^5 40; canners. $1 25@2 40; bulls, $2@4 25;
calves. $3 50®7; Western steers, ?3 1C&5 15.
HOGS — Receipts, 83,000; to-morrow, es
timated, 35,000: market loc lower. Mixed and
butchers, $4t&@4 87ft; good to choice heavy,
$4 8094 90; rough heavy, $4 60§4 65; light,
$4 OO'cU SO; bulk of sales, $4 65©4 80.
SHEEP — Receipts, 22,000; sheep weaker;
Iambs steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 30®
4 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 6O#4 20; West
ern sheep, $.1 23<&<4 75; native lambs, , $4 25® 6;
Western lambs, $4 50<ST5 SO.
Chicago.
Hay dealers still report the demand for Hay
very Elow and quotations weak, though no
lower. The top figures quoted below are ex
treme and not easily obtained. Bran, on the
contrary. Is quoted steady, with a fair A«
mand. Rolled Barley is flrm in sympathy
with the raw grain.
BRAN— $18(319 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $2.'* 60©28 per ton.
SHORTS — $1S@>19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rollrd Barley. $23@24 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23324; Cocoa
nut Meal, $24@ 1 25; Corn Meal, |31@31 60;
Cracked Corn, $31 5Ot?32; Mixed Feed. $22 60@
23: Horse Reans, $30®40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 9Oc per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $10*915: Wheat and Oat. $10®
14; Oat $9 / g:l2; iBarley and Oat, $8Q)11; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7010; stable. $9@10; stock,
$5 50@7; Clover, $7®10; Alfalfa. $9*512 per
ton.
STRAW— 35060c per bale. ,
Hay and Fecdstuffs
cattijE, sheep And hogs.
There are no further changfes to report in
this market, which continues quiet and well
supplied with -all descriptions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lOl^c per lb for
heavy. : 10%c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and l-*%c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar,
cured Hams 12Vj«?12»4c; California Hams,
12©12%C'. Mess Beef, $10010 50 per bbl; extra
Mess, $10 50@ll; Family. $12@12 50; prime
Mess Pork ?14 50: extra clear. $22; Mew,
$16 50: Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb. j
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 0@9Vic for pure; half-barrels, pure, 0>4@
8%c; 10-lb tins, 10i4c; 5-lb- tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, S^ic; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces
8Vic: five tierces. 8V»c per.Ib.
I'povIsIoija.
Stocks — Sales. Hlrh. Low. Cloee.
Aichifcon L700 87 >i 86% S7
Atciuson r« 1.0°° 1^% 102^ 102 u.
Halt A Ohio 17,400 9S'* H~ 87%
IlaJt A Ohio pfd... 100 W 95 84^,
Ct-nadian Pacific... 9.100 133^ 132% 133^4
Central ef N J.... 100 181H WliJ 191 «i
& Ohio ... 20.200 4$H ««% **%
Chi & Alton 400 44 % 4* 43
Chi A: Alton pfd ¦ '• • • • &
<-M & G Western.. 19,100 ZSH 24% 24%
(Til A. North wrf.n. 500 C00»i 200 1*4^
Chi Mil A St P».ul. 17.600 174?, 172% 173fc
Chi Mil & St P pfd 1S3
Chi T & T 3.000 1214 11% 31
OU T & T pfd ... 1.600 24 . 23»4 23%
C C C & Et Louis.. W0 SS'i W5V, **H
Colo Eoutbera *.*00 24?, 23?, 23**
The etrrr.gth developed in a number of
Mocks wu mostly explainable from special
< .-. .:x s. Various rumor* of an early imp<.-nding
decision !n the ICortbern Securities cat* was
responsible for the slremrlh of the Harrltuan
t;roup. Rock Island was helped by its bend
«Ue». Amalga.n-j.ied copper enjr»yed the bene
fit of a further rise in the price of copper.
Th* <Je*ir* to realize persisted to th« last and
th# niarkpt clo«»d decidedly Irregular.
¦ • ¦¦•> wer* strong. Total ealee, $11,S70,000.
fnited State* bend* were unchanged on call.
New York Stock L-Ist.
«r transaction* for the day was not much
• hanged from those of - yesterday. The issues
oeait lr. continued to ehow great variety, and
many stocks :...«¦> i'.<ir reappearance on the
ttrvr- after a lor.g inten'al. Ratber^aiore con
t'.^eration was given to-day to the money out
lork. stitiioujfh there was email change in in
t*rf?t rule*. The tone of the- money market,
however, was harder. Th» w»ok'a gold outgo to>
>'uba wi'l be aa large as rxpected. Subscrip
tion* to the Japanese loan, a forthcoming of
fering of f26.O0O.O00 of New York City bonds
and to-day'« sale of $25,000,000 of Chicago,
Rock Inland and Paclflc Railway bond* indi
cate requirements on banking credits to be
rr.et.
t» the standard railroad list. Conspicuous
f. : *r '. did not show In a. laxg* number of
ftocks. but the representative character of
those In which It did had a reviving: effect by
.-:..;..•.-.: on th* general list. Considerable
progress was made in restoring communication
by telegraph with cutmld* speculative centers,
the Interruption of which was assigned &» the
¦ >>¦ of the lessened &ctix-ity in the market
..-•'-caj- But the market failed to recover
10 a high levfcl of animation and th* total
to take profits v ..:- niuch in evidence in the
majority of the utuaJly active etocks. «epeclal
]>- during the r..^rr.::. k . At the same time the
sensational advances In an inferior grade of
Uidusuiais end railroad stocks of doubtful
value kept the character of the speculation
under suspicion. In the latter part of th» day
there we* a considerable rt version of interest
NEW YORK. Nov. 15. — The reactionary and
Irregular movement of price* was nut gone
from th* msxket to-day and selling pressure
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was steady;
creamery, lti{J24c; dairies, l.V£f21c. Eggs, firm
er, at mark, 17% l S'J0%c. Cheese, steady, 10Vi
©lie.
Butter, Cheese and Krj?x.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $2 75 per 100 lb«;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, ?3; Rice Flour,
.$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $3 CO;
O.it Meal $t: Oat Groats. $4 25; Hominy.
f.t 60^3 So; Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $t; AVhole Wheat
Flour, $3 GO; Rolled Oats. bbls. $0 75®7 50; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5;- Split Peas,
boxes, $5 60; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
The millers continue to report a very fair
movement in Flour and all kinds of Mllletuffs
at previous prices. v
FLOUR— Calltornla Family Extras, $4 SO®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70®5;
Ortgon and Washington. Jobbing at fi'u I .10
per bbl.
I'lour and MillstufTs.
for sixty-day billn. Posted rates. $4 S5^
4 K7'i. rommeioifc] bills, S4 t3%04 S3»4. Bar
silver. SS«,c. Mexican dollars, 4€Uc. Qov
einmect bonds, »tea<Jy; railnjad bands, ftrong.
Scwr York Money Market
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Money or. call
steady, 2^3 per cent: closing bid, 2'i: offered
et 2*4 per cent. Time loaTis steady ; sixty
days. 3^ j«=r cent: ninety days and six months,
8%£33« per cent. Prime mercantile paper.
3 i .'54 1 a per ' cpc t. Sterling exchange firm,
«rtth artual ' .- r,- >¦•. in bankers' hills at
fl£87S0*488Q for (Jernand and at $4. 8*©«4.8405
i:asti:rx markets.
The weak and depressed condition of the
Apple market, so frequently noted of late, waa
still in evidence, and, although prices of choice
and fancy lots had another decline, the market
showed no sign of cleaning up. Some dealers
were still" asking $1 25 for fine .Spitzenberss
and Newtown Pippins, but there were plenty
of those varieties available at ?1 per box and
handlers were unable to effect clearances even
at the latter figure. Cheap fruit cut but' little
figure In the market, being neglected owing
to the abundance and reasonable prices of
fancy stock. Christmas Apples were offering
freely at $2 25@2 50 per box. but sold very
slowly. Berries were In moderate receipt and
generally firm, while Gripes were Inclined to
easiness. It was difficult to obtain over $1 50
for large open boxes of Grapes and there waa
Quite a surplus unsold at the close. A fair
amount of business was reported In other de
ciduous fruits and prices had but slight vari
ance. Trade In Citrus Fruits was checked to
some eStent by the threatening weather, but
previous prices ruled for all descriptions except
Grape Fruit, which was lower. The steamer
Alsmeda from Honolulu brought 3970 bunches
of- Bananas.
STRAWRBRRIES — Lonrworths. $10012 per
chest: Mallndas and Brandywlnes, $3tj3;
Cheneys, f^(§~.
RASPBERRIES— ?5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5<ft7c per Ib.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern $SSS SO per bbl
for Early Black and ?9 5<Mj10 . r >0 for New Jer
sey and Cape Cod Lat« Red; Coos Bay. $2@
2 75 per box.
APPLES— $1 25 per box for extra fancy. 8T«3
(gri for ordinary fancy, 60<e75c for choice
and 25«t40c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellls. $101 23 per box;
cookinsr varieties. 40tnr>a per .box.- .:.;.'.¦.•;
PERSIMMONS— 6S€?. r >o per box: •'.TT r -~.:.\.;,
POMEGRANATES— SOftWk- pr box.
QUINCES — 25(ftR0c per box.
FIGS — M>cffi$l rxr box-.
GRAPES — Table variotloB. CVSz$1 for rratM.
3«*25Oc for small boxes and $Kil 7."» for open
CITRUS FRUITS — Oransres Navels. $2 2>O<33
per box; Seedlings. $1 .'jOfil 75: Tangerines.
$1*25 for small and ?1 75 for large box»s;
Lemons $2 60©3 for fancy, $1 7S<Tj2 25
for choice and $1 2".<ai 50 for stand
ards: Grape Fruit. |2 2.Vf;2 BO; Mexican Llm?3,
$4i^4 TiO per case; Bananas. $'J®3 per bunch for
Central American and 76cfi$2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, ?1 50iff3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Xuts. Raisins. Honey.
The market runs along without much
change Fruits are firm enough, but not
active, and the movement Is mainly confined
to assorted care. The slow, almost imper
ceptible, improvement In Prunes continues. The
Honey market Is still very dull, with the large
line of Nevada frequently mentioned of Iata
still awaiting buyers. Raisins are also quiet.
as the packers are busy Betting out their
seeded orders and are not dolnp much new
business. Nuts are firm, with a quiet, steady
Inquiry, except California Chestnuts, which
are lower. ¦ • '
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 7'^HlOc for
Royals and «@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
«W@7%c for White and 6&07O for Red;
Pe'aches, 7%SS%c per lb: Pears. 7(fl:l2c;
Plums, pitted. tf®fl%c for black. 7 J -i@S'ic
for red and 7@S%c for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
bricks 50c; 3-crown 55c: 4-crown, 00c; 6
orown." Roc; bulk wh'.te. 2%-?3c: black, 3Uc
Evaporated Apples, 5@7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%<S1%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 190* crop f. o. b. Freeno — Im
perial clusters. $2 2fiffr2 50; Dehesa, $1 30@l 35;
London Layers. $1«H 10; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. "4Hc: 3-crown. 3%c; 2-crown, 3Hc;
Seeded 4%@5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4V4c;
Seedless Sultanas. 3'4c per lb.
NUTS — New Walnuts No. 1 poftshell, 12#
12%c; No. 2, lOfflO^c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c;
No 2, 10c; Almonds, lfi®17c for Nonpareils,
14ftl4%c for I X L. 13@14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for LaniniPdoc; Peanutf, 867e for
Eastern: Pecans, ll®13c: Cocoanuts, $4 .".Oft.",:
Chestnuts 7®10c per lb for California and
! 12^ffl3%c for Italian. ,
1 HONEY — Comb ll^^lSc for white and 1C@
lie for amber; water white extracted. 6^i«*
fie- light amber extracted, . 5@5%c; dark. 3@
4%c. •
BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb.
Colo Bouth l«t pfd. 1.000 60% . 6»J4 »H
Colo South 2d pfd. »00 37^ 38*1 Si
Delaware &. Hud.. 2.000 189 187 18. V,
Del Lack & West.. 200 333 833 825
Denver 4 Rio O... 1.200 34T4 84^ 34%
Denver & R O pfd. 300 67 86% 66^
Erie 60,400 40% 39% 39%
EWe 1st pfd 1.500 73» t 73V* 73^
Erie 2d pfd ....... 1.400 65?; 65 65%
Hocking Valley ... 1.000 83% 83 82%
Hocking Valley pfd 1,000 «09» "J0% 90%
Illinois Central .... 4,000 161 * 149^ 150
Iowa Central 11.000 32 31% 31^
Iowa Central pfd... 1.400 68 57 68
K C Southern 400 31% 31% 30%
K C Southern pfd.. 1,800 55% 64% 54%
Luuis & Nash 16.100 .1416. 139% 141%
Manhattan L 10,400 1(5(3% 165% 166%
Metropolitan Secu.. 2,700 83% 81% 82%
Metropolitan Et Ry 7.800 124% 123% 123J»
M*x C«nt 48,200 21% 1»% 20%
Minn & St Louis... 100 63% "63% 63%
M EtP&Slt Ste M. 1.100 92 61% 01%
M StP&SHStM prd 100 148% 148% 148
Missouri Pacific ... 18.100 10S% 108% 108%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 4,000 35% 35% 35%
Mo Kan & T pfd.. 3.600 64T, 64 63%
Nat R Mex pfd.... 600 ' 43 42% 42%
N Y Central 6.700 137% 136% 138%
Norfolk & West... 2,600 75% 74 76
Norfolk & W pfd 90
Ontario & Western 300 43 42% 42%
Pennsylvania 3.600 137% 136% 136%
Pitts CCtetL.. 300 75% 75% 75%
Reading 62.600 76% 75% 75%
Reading 1st pfd... 3.500 S3 87% 87
Reading 2d ptd 80%
Reck Island Co ... 78.900 37% 86% 37%
Rock Island Co pfd 8.400 61** 79% 61
Ft L & S F 21 pfd. 2,700 70 e9% 69%
St Louis 8 W BOO 25% 25% 25%
St Louis S W pfd.. 2.000 53% 62% 6ft%
Southern Pacific ..129.100 68% 67% 67%
South Pac pfd 24.000 118% 117 118
Southern Railway.. 24.200 36% 35% 36
Southern Ry pfd... 1,300 95% 95 95%
Texas & Pacific ... 2,900 3S 37% 37%
Tol Ft L & West. 200 81% 31 30%
Tol Et L & W pfd. 800 60% 49% 49%
Union Paciflc 177.500 115 112% 114%
Union Paclflc pfd.. 600 94% »4% 94
Wabash 2.900 24% 24% 24%
Wabash pfd 2,300 48% 46% 46%
W & Lake Erie ... 600 22% 21% 21%
Wisconsin Central.. 1.100 24 23% 23%
Wis Cent pfd 1.800 48 47% 47%
Express Companies —
Adams 240
American 215
United States 400 119 118% 118
Wells-Fargo 237
Miscellaneous —
Anal Copper 71.800 76% 76% 76%
Amer C & F 2,600 31% 31 81%
Amer C & F pfd.. 3.C00 8S% 87% 6S
Amer Cot Oil 9.300,35 33% 34%
Amer Cot Oil pfd.. 100 95 95 93
Amer Ice 400 S% 8% 8%
Arr.er Ice r>fd . . . . 400 3r>% 36 36%
Araer Lin Oil 4.80O 20% 1S% 20
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. 300 42 41% . 41%
Amer Locomotive. . 1.600 30% 30% 30%
Amer Loc.om pfd... 100 »fl% «?% 0S%
Am*r Smelt & Ref. 18.200 79"* 78% 79%
Amer S & R pfd.. 1.600 115 113T, 114%
Amer Sugar Ref .. 18.200 14S% 147% H7%
Ananeonda Min Co 2,000 120 117 118%
Brooklyn R T 50.SOO 70% C9% 68%
Colo F & I 10.600 47% 4C% 46%
Consclld Gaa 43.100 210% 218 216%
Corn Products 26.000 26 24% .'4%
Corn Prod »fd 1,««O «7%i. SI M>
Distil Secur • 200 37%. 3G% al
general Electric .. 1,200 1SI% I«>4 W?H
Inver Paper 700 22 20% 21%
Inter Paper pfd ... 2.400 70% 79 .9
lnt-r Pump «00 41% 41;/ 41
Inter Pump pfd ... 800 85 85 S4%
National Lead «00 25% 25 _^4:' a
North American... 8.300 103% 101 J02
Pacific Mali 4.7O0 48% 40 40%
Peoples Ga. .... 4 100 100 108% 100%
Pr4seJ St Car ... 600 35 34% St%
Tress St Car pfd.. rxio R4 83% 8j%
Pullman Pal Car .. C00 2:U> 230 227 ¦
Republic Steel .... 1.000 1 7 • 1^% l*j%4
Rrpub Steel Pfd ... 2,100 C4% ff{% 64%
Rubber Goods 4,800 25% 24% 24%
Rub Goods pfd ... ..-v •'••' •••— 2-
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 8.200 78% <j-H >*
T- «= T^rathe>- .. «,70O ¦ 14% 14% 14'n
r Swherpfd ;V: "'TOO P4 «3 »S«,
1- «? rtealtv . . 6,400 Sl% 80 81
U I Sr -" «0O 80% 30% 30%
U i> Rubber rfd . - «00 Rj% S.j% RUj
r S Steel 80.700 28% . 2i% IN-,
O 8 Ptel P fd 25.400 BS«, 87 « 87 ',,
Westing Elec •¦ ••••• •-;; *'*,,
Western Union .... 400 93 92% 82%
Total sales... 1.695.400
Xew York Bonds.
US ref 2s reg..lO4%j L &. N unified *»-l°i*
Do coupon 104%'Man con gold 4». 105
Do 3s reg 104%! Mex Central 4s... 74
Do coupon 104%| Do 1st inc.... 23»
Do new 4s re R .130%!Minn & St L **¦•*'
Do coupon l.-i0',!M. K & Texas 49.10-'%
Do old 4s reg.100%1 Do 2ds •- |bV
Do coupon U«i%iNR of Mex con 4s 80%
Atrh pen 4 S 102%!N Y C gen 3%s..lOOS,
Doadl 4s 94 IN J C pen 5s 13a%
Atlantic C L 4s. »9 jNar Pacific 4s.... 10..
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 10.5% ! Do 3s VJ'.IS*
Do 3%s 06 I Nor & W con 4s.l01
Central of Ga Gs.111% OSL 4« & Part^-^U
Do 1st lnc 90%iPa conv 3%s....lO3U,
r\* s & Ohio 4M,s.lO7'-j!Reading pen 4»...102U
r^i & Alton 3'*!?. 80% !S L & 1 W icon 8s.llb%
C B & Q new 4s.l01% S L & S F fg 4». P|>S
C M & PP en 4s.llO%iHt I>ouis SW lsts. 9<%
r" & NW con 7S.12S'-.! Seaboard A L 4s. 84^
C. R I & Pac 4s. 80%' So Pacific 4s 0.>%
Do col .Is 92%So Railway 5s 11S%
CC.C & SL*n 4s.lO3 iTcx & Pac lsts .120%
Chi Trem 4s 82 I Tol. St I, & W 4f. SI
Cons Tobacco 4s. R2%!Union Pacific .4s.lOH
I Colo & So 4s.... M» I Do conv 4s .....113;«
i Colf> F & I 5s.... 84 |U S Steel 2d 6f : i,«8%
I Den & Rlr. O 4s.l01 %i Wabash lsts 11^%
I Erie prior Men 4S.1O1 Do deb B 67%
! Popren 4s 91%! W & L Erie 4«. .. »1%
F W & D C lsts.lll !Wls Central 4a... 92%
Ilot-k Val 4Us...I10%!
\rw York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief 05
Alice 7<i|Ontarlo 3 r.0
| Breece 12}Or»»iir 2 00
• Brans fo-n HlPhoenlx 14
i cvwn Tunnel OSPotosi II
Ton Cal & Va... 1 .V>! Savage 20
Horn Silver 1 <>?¦' Sierra Nevada.... 20
Iron Fllver 1 90 Small Hopes 28
LeadvlIIe Con 02 Standard 1 40
Ilo«ton Stocks add Bonds. ;
Money— JU S Steel 27%
<~all loans 2>4'33! Do pH 87%
Time loans 4 @5 Westing- Common. 95
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchlson if 1°2 I Adventure 7
Do adj 4s 93 Allouez 19%
Mex Central 4«... Tl Amal Copper .... 76%
Railroads— Atlantic 20%
Atchlson S6T; Rinpham 3.1%
Do rfd :. 102 li Calumet & Hecla.700 •
Boston & Alban-2'2%! Centennial » 31
Boutin «¦• Maine.1«M I Copper Range ... 71%
P.oston Elev 153% Daly West 13%
FUchbur«r pfd 140 I Dora Coal R4H
Mex Central i'O'.i! Franklin 14'4
N Y, N II & II.. 199 iGrancy 4%
Pere Marquette 7"> I I*le Royale 31 U
Union Pacific 114 iM«ss Mining .... 7%
Miyoellaneous— iMichifran 10%
Amer Arge Chem. 19 ! Mohawk 55 .
D" rf<l 81 I Mont Coal & Coke . 4%
Amer Pneu Tube, fl \<~>]<1 Dominion ... 27
Amer Sugar ... .147'4IOsreola 95%
Dr» pfi 139 U'arrot 32
Amer Tel * Tel.144 IQulncy 11R
Amer Woolen ... 20 I Shannon H',i,
Do rfd 8fl I Tamarack ........158
Dim Iron & S... IS iTrinlty 16%
TA Elect Ilium. .24? !U S Mining 24%
Ma»« Electric... IS^iTTROil 11%
Do pfd M I Utah 45%
Mass Gas 41 I Victoria 6
United Fruit 10r,%'Trinona 12%
fn Sh~. Mach... M (Wolverine 107 .
Do pfd 31%!
Ijondon Closing Stocks.
Cons money. ..88 I5-16!x T Central 140
D.0 acct sSSlNo r & Western... 76%"
Anaconda 6%l Do pM B3%
Atchlson 89%!Ont & Western... 44U
Do pfd 105% Pennsylvania 70%
Rait & Ohio 100 iRand Mines HM*
Cnn Pacific 130U] Reading 3l)%
Cli*» & Ohio 4Sli| Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great W~t . . 2r,%' Do 2d pfd 4t
Chi. Mil & St P.17S ISo Railway 37
De Beers I8W Do pfd 98%
Dm & Rio G.. .. 3.M4! So Pacific 70
Do pfd ssVnnion Pacific ....11*5%
Erie 41H! Po pfd .i...... t)H
Do 1st rfd 7.'.%!U S Steel 2n
Do 2d pfd .V3% ! Do pfd ftO
III Central 155 fWabash "311
Ix>u!« *: Nasb 143H' Do rM 48i|
M K & Texas .. S6H' Spanish 4s 87%
Bar silver — Firm. 26% d per ounce.
Money— 1%®2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
ehort bills is 3 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 15-ieCT3 per cent.
Condition of tlic Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— To-day'« state
ment of the treasury shows: Available cash
balance. $144,280,307; gold. $S6,191,4S2.
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Cotton futures
opened eteady; November, 9.S5c; December,
9.90c: January. 10.01c; February, 10.05c;
March. 10.11c; April, 10.14c; May, 10.24c;
June, 10.26c bid; July, 10. 26c.
Futures closed barely steady; December.
8.63c; January. 9.92c ; February,' 9.99c; March'
"10.05c; April,. 10.09c; May, 10.07c; June'
10.18c; July. 10.2lc.
Epot closed quiet: middling uplands, 10.25c;
middling rulf. lO.nOo. Sales, none. -
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, Nov. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
26.400 barrel*; exports, 900 barrels; market
dull. \
WHEAT— Receipts. 36.600 bushels; epot.
ea*y: No. 2 red. $1 21% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth. $1 27% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, $1 OS f. o. b. afloat. As the
Exchange and /Bullion. t
Deranged wires in the East «" d f N^ ch^
rails Se^ Zrl^eTlZ^J^fn^f
o?r*ss varlluon. Silver was unchanged.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. $4.8416 |4 84Ji
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 8. g* «,£
Sterling Exchange, cables .... 4 87% m 8.*
New York Exchange Bis 1 ";--- °|« @ «£
N Y. Exchange, telegraphic. 0o «* 0.%
Silver, per ounce „ g > »
Mexican ™*£^Zj$u£ "* &
New York on Paris 6.16
New York on Mexico •*'*-*Mi4
Taris on London 2030^
Berli-i on London *v.ou W
. Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The market Is quoted
demoralized at 18. «d as a nominal quotation
For Wheat and Barley, usual European op
tirtrm The shippers are not in the market, as
op'rVe at present prices for grain
and ships Many of the combination ships are
preparing to go away in ballast as they can
1 not secure charters at the rates they ask The
chartered Wheat fleet In port has a registered
tonnage of 2i.C00. against 20.500 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged .1.5,5 tons,
against 127.100; on theway to this port. Ii4.
"''wHEAT-Russlan'sh'ipments last week wer,
heavy being 070,000 quarters, and this, with
a cable from Broomhall reporting prospects
splendid, had a tendency to weaken^ t he Chi
cago market, which was 2%c lower on the
day This market for futures was sympa
thetically weak and declined fe'glc on the
morning session under an active business. The
c^h grain was steady at the. recent advance
with no great amount of business and small
offerings. wnEAT
California Club, $1 r,O<gl 52^; California
White Australian. $1 OOfil 63; Northern CluK
non-> offering; Northern Bluestem, $1 62 W<$
1 65 per ctl.
.,-¦',- FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Onen High. Low. Clore.
December ...$144' $144 $143% $L 44
May 1 44"i 145 144?, 1 44* 4
2 p. m. Session.
Open. Hish. Low. Close.
December ...$ I 44 $144 $1.43% %\
May 1 41*; 1 44*i 1 4 4^ ~ 1 44^
BARLEY— Cash Feed continues firm and in
demand with a sale of 200O sacks at $1 12rt
on 'Change. Brewing and Chevalier grades
are quiet, the latter being neglected. There
was no particular change In futures yesterday.
CASH BARLEY.
Fred $1 W%O1 5 12^J Drewing and Shipping,
$1 liiqi \~\k\ Che\aller, $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. Hlsh. Low. Clo»e.
December ...?l 0»Vl $1 0»S $1 09U $1 00%
May 100 . 109 1 08% 1 OS?;
2 p'. m. Session.
May— $1 Oss; bi<l. $1 00 asked.
OATS — Dealers reported a very fair demand
for both feed and peed descriptions yesterday
at steady prices. Offerings are sufficient for
all current needs, though/ the stock on hand is
not unwieldy.
White $1 4-JV2®! B7%! Surprise, $1 6501 €O:
Red for Jeed, ?1 8J5%@1 45 for No. 1 and
SI 22'if/l 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42V*$I 50; Black, $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 45&I b'2V4 for seed.
COUN — The usual shipment of Western
came In yesterday, as will ba seen below.
About all of this Western Orn Is bought and
sold to arrive, so goes straight to the -con-
Bumer when It comes in. Hence there are no
offerings of any consequence on 'Change.
Western sacked. $1 45®1 50 for Yellow,
$1 4."{il &0 for White Rnd $1 4n@l 60 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 45@1 50;
small round do. $1 r>.">'i?l c»2Yj: White, nom
inal; Egyptian. $1 30«jl 4.1 for White and
$1 25©I 30 for Brown.
RYE— The market Is again higher, with
light off< rlncs. at $1 4001 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at about $2 per
ctl. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15. — Beginning with an
easier tone at the start the wheat market
gradually developed Into an extremely weak
affair. Easier cables and weather suitable for
the movement of the crop caused considerable
liquidation at the opening. Initial quotations
on December were unchanged to lower at
fl 13H«?1 13»b. May was off **®V*c at
$1 rsvi'l 13Vi- Wires to the East v.ere etill
working badly so that the ordinary market
Information came slowly. The world's ship
ments and visible supply statement that should
have been received Monday was still dalayed,
but early In the day information was received
from a private source that Russian shipments
last week were of enormous proportions, the
largest weekly shipments from any one coun
try. Although not coming from an official
quarter, the Information apparently had con
siderable effect and materially augmented the
selling pressure. Prospects of a big Increase
in the visible supply also counted against the
lorgs. A decrease of half a million bushels
in primary receipts was apparently altogether
Ignored. Neither was any attention seemingly
given to bullish gossip from the Southwest,
telling of exhausted supplies. Another in
fluential factor tending to depress prices here
wa* weakness of the Northwestern markets,
due to expectaion of a more liberal movement
of wheat from the farms. As prices fell
numerous etop-lofs orders were reachi-d, forc
ing prices still further downward. The prin
cipal selling was In the December delivery.
That option showed the greatest Iofs. the
lowest point reached. $1 «11. being. 2%c be
low the highest point* of th»> day. May sold
off to $1 119s. »• drop of l?s@2c. The market
closed almost at the lowest point, final quota
tions on December being 2»*c lower at $1 11.
May closed with a loss of l'gc at $1 H^-,
In corn the selling whs mainly of the De
cember option. The market closed practically
at the lowest point. December %@TsC lower
at 50V*c.
Trade In oats was exceedingly quiet. !>:
cember clo-ed %@ J /ic lower at 2h»4c.
Heavy receipts of hoe:s at the yards and
a curtailment In shipments of product* to the
East caused weakness In provisions. At the
close. January P"rk was off 10@12Hc, lard
and ribs were each down 2^'3 v 5 e -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article! — Op<-n. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December ... 1 1354 1 13% 1 » 1 11
May 1 «3 1 UN 1 "N 1 U%
July 88*i 0834 67 . 07
DecembeV 0 ..? 60^ fiOTji, 60 60 «4
May 46% 4«H 46 <6 ;
July 46V« *?>•% 45% 45;»
Oatfl No. 2 —
July 31*; 31 <i 31 «» 314
November •••• .... SiK-^
December ... 2<«i, 20 28«i 28%
May »1 H 31=H> 31 U 31%
Mecs Pork, per barrel —
June 12 60 12 F,2%i 12 55 12 67%
May 12 42)6 12 67^ 12 &7}£ 12 60
Lard per 100 pounds —
January .... 7 05 7 05 7 f>2H 7 05
May 7 17% 7 20 7 17Vi 7 17^
Short R'ibs, per 100 pounds^ —
January « 50 ft 624 0 50 6 CO
May 6 61) « 02U 6 «0 6 62 Mi
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, weak; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 Wvtl 14: No. 3, $1 10&1 12; No. 2 red,
$1 M'ligl 17; No. 2 corn, B5c; No. 2 yel
low, We; No. 2 oats, 29'^c; No. 2 white, 32V4c;
No. 3 white, .TOMl^c; No. 2 rye, XOe; good
feeding barley. 38S38V4C: fair to choice malt
inp. 40(j7V"2c; No. 1 flaxsc^d, $1 10'i; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 17^4: tnese pork, per barrel.
$11 lOfill 15; lard, per 1W» pounds. *ii 97%(&7;
short ribs sides (loos*), $•> fjT'Vi^ l-'.4; short
clear «ldos (fxjxed). $•> «7V-j'Cf7; whisky, basia
of high wines, $1 21; elover, contract grade,
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels '. 31.500 12.500
Wheat, bushels 87,500 44.600
Corn, bushels 325,600 3S.K0O
Oats, bUFhels 22X.70O 342.300
Rye. bushels " «,00rt 4,800
Barley, bushels 125,800 04.000
Fiitnro Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK. Nov. 15.— In metals the fea
ture Is the strength and activity of copper.
The London market reported advances with
spot closing at £66. 7s 6d and futures closed
at £66 15s and there was a good demand here
with most dealers asking considerably higher
prices. Lake ranges from $14 37^ to $U 82^;
electrolytic from $14 87tf to $14 75, and cast-
Ing from $14 25 to $14 62%. >
Tin was unchans^d at £132 6s 6d for spot
and £131 17s 6d for futures In the London
market. Locally the market was quiet but
firm at $2S 87H®29 16.
Lead was unchanged at £13 6s 3d In Lon
don. Locally the market was generally higher.
Some of the larger dealers are still offering
spot in full car lots at $180, but quotations
mere generally range from $4 60@4 70.
Spelter was higher in the London market,
closing at £24 16b and the New York market,
following the foreign advance, was also higher
at $5 45®5 50.
Iron closed at 51s 6d in Glasgow and at
45s 10'4d In Middlesboro. Locally Iron waa
firm ar.d higher. No. 1 foundry, $16 60@17: No.
2 foundry. Northern. $16@16 50; No. 1 foun
dry,' Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern
soft, $16 60*317. . .
New York Metal Market.
The weakness in Butter continues and. while
there Is no further decline, posted buyers find
no difficulty m getting all the choice creamery
they need at 20c. The market is still burdened
with large lines of creamery, which have been
piled up here for a week or ten days awaiting
buyers, and such stock, much of it of sterling
brands, has to be worked off for what It will
bring.
As already mentioned, a decline in Cheese
Is expected, though it has not yet appeared.
The production Is Increasing and dealers are
willing to meet buyers half way.
Receipts of fresh Eggs yesterday were the
heaviest toW a long time, being 71ti cases, and
prices declined again. Some houses did not
quote over 45c, and the day's ruling price was
40c, though 47c was frequently quoted. East
ern and lower grades showed no change.
Receipts were 23,700 lbs Butter. 71o cases
Eggs and 6400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 20®21c
for extras and lKitfHJo for lower to medium
grades; dairy, 176 i9c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. 10®14c: Eastern cubt-s, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed,' 15@16c.
CHEESE — 12@12%c for choice mild new and
10@llc for old; cold storage, 10H@llc; 'Young
Americas. 12@13c; Eastern. lC@lDc per lb.
EGGS! — Ranch. 45@-4"c for good to choice
and 37V4@i2^c for common; cold storage, 25fj>
30c; Eastern. 25<g2Sc for choice. 22tf24c for
.standards ami 10?{_lc for seeondB.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100- lb bajrs:
Cubes. A crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c:
Powdered. C.lOc: Candy Granulated 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 60; Dry Granulated, coarse,
tic: Fruit Granulated.- C>c: - Beet Granulated
(100-lb bafts only). 5.ft0c; Confectioners' A 6c-
Maenolia A. 5.6<ic; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C*
5.40c; "D." 6.80c; barrels, 10c more: half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags
l(io more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels'
fi.HOc; boxes. «. 75c: H. & E. Crystal Domlncw!
9c per lb. No order taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizea. $18®19- ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. *10@23: Lath 4
feet. $.!75*f»; Pickets. *17@25: Shingles. $2
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes, $14 for
split and $15 for sawji; Rustic, $3-'i@39.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 15.
Wheat, ctls 5rtO! Tallow, ctls 245
Corn.- ctls 853| Leather, rolls . . . S54
Beans, sks 7.049 > Hides. No. 701
Potatoes, sks ... 5.3-S2, Pelta. No .' 622
Hay, tons 1C2[ Raisins, bxs . /. . 8 300
Hops, bales 273 Sugar, ctls 3.940
Wool, bales -167J Brandy gals .... 2 500
Feed, sks lOiWlne, gals ......37S0O
Mustard, sks ... 31S|QulcksIlver. flsks ' 40
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1,000!
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7U9
7-lic per lb; White Lead. "U9"*ic, according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $40^41 50 for local u*» and
$;>'a:!S> per Hark for expert.
SALT — Bales. »Oc for common and $1 fr»r
granulated: Dairy. $5 50 per ton: Granulated
$«(S6 50- Half Ground. JOO-lb baga. $3 25- do
50-lb bags. $:{ 75; Rock Salt. $2 75(^3 In 10O and
$3 25 In 50 lb bags; Genuine Liverpool, $11 50
$12 50 and $1.'! 50 per tbn In packages of 224]
110 and T>0 lbs. resnectlvely.
COAL OH^-Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
lie: Pearl Oil. In ca.«es. lOHc; Astral 10»^c:
Star. lttHc: Extra Star. 224e: Elaliie. 2Rc;
Ko»'en«*. 21 '4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. Itfc: In cases 22Uc: Benzine, In bulk.
13c: In ca?e S . 19 Kc: RH-desree Gasoline. In
bulk 25c: in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrel?.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as t ollcws :
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and 4S5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6@7%c: small 739c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7^e; Ewes 6@7o psr
pound.
LAMB— 8@0c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 63So per lb.
livestock' market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered tn San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: . . ' .
CATTLE — Steers. 7t;@7%c: Cows and HeiN
ers. &?6@ttttc; thin Cows. 435c per lb.
CALVES — »®4%& per lb (gross weight). ,
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%®3»4c; Ewes, 303^0
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 92 50@2 75 per head. '¦ ¦
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 250 lbs,' 4%e;
under 140 lbs. 4%<H94e; soft Hogs, not want
ed; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per ce»]t
off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from above
quotations. . -
/'w> General Sierchandlse.
BAGS — Grain Baga, $5@5 25: San Qnentln,
$4 50; Wool Bags, 80832c; Fleece Twine. 7%c.
CANNED FRUITS — Following 1 are prices ror
the 1904 pack:
FRUITS gl §• •
Apples $1 55|1 30 $1 20 $1 10
Apricots 123 113 103,
Blackberries 160 135 123 1 15 |
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 10 1 80 1 63 .....
Do White 2 00 1 65 150
Do Black 180^165,150
Grapes, Muscat 1 25 1 10 1 00 90
! Nectarines .' 1 60 1 23 1 15 1 05
! Peaches. Yellow 1 73 1 85 1 £3 1 13
I Pears. Bartlett 1 90 1 60 1 60 1 30
Plums. Green Gage 1 35 1 10 1 00 90
Do Damson 1 40 1 15 1 06 I 00
P.aspberries 2 60 2 25 2 00 100
Strawberries 2 00 1 75 1 W 1 40
! CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lb.
standard*. 65®70c; gallon standards. 12; 3-lb.
i solid p?ck, 87>i'EK>0c: Green Peas — Petlts pois,
! $1 :*5: *xtra sifted. $1 15; standard sifted, $1:
standards. 8j@90c; Marrowfats, S5#S7Hc f.
o. b. San Francisco.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington, JS; Seattle, $« 50; Brvant. $6 80:
! Beaver Hill $5 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay,
. $5 50; Richmond. $7 60; Cumberland. $13 In
1 bulk and $14 2."> in sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 CO; Cannel, $9 / per ton; Coke.
!$U BOOM per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
! Hocky Mountain descriptions. $3 60 per short
; ton.
PACIFIC CODFIPH — Bundles. per lb.
! 4Vic; cases, regular, ?5 55; cases, extra large,
*i\c: Eastern style. 6»ic; boneless. 6%e;
••Norway,' 1 6\ie; "Narrow Gauge," C%c; "Sil
| ver King,". 7%c; blocks, "Oriental." 6ftc;
! blocks. "Seabright." 7c; tablets. 7Uc; mid
dles. 7'ff9V*c: fancy boneless, O'i^OHc: pickled
i Cod. bbK $S; pickled Cod, half bbls. $4 75.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows, 00 days or >4 per cent discount for
cash, ro sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14*£c:
Sisal. 9*ic: Duplex. 8%c; Bale Rope, 10?«9 ,
ll'«c per lb. ......
COFFEE— Costa Rica— Nominal; stock, 1234
bags; M015)Sc for strictly prime to fancy
washed; 12?4'913^c for prime washed; 11H9
i 1-^ic for good washed; H^^lSc for good to
! prime washed peaberry; 10<311c for good to
' prime peaberry: . ll'g'12«4c for good to prime;
1 li'rflOMic for fair; 7%<3S'»c for common to or
\ dinary.
Salvador — Stock, 7740 bags; 13@14c for fancy
1 washeil nominal; HH'512'Vic for strictly prims
washed, nominal; 10Vi@Hc for good to prime
I washed; Offfl^c for fair washed; 10911 for
! fair to pj-ime washed peaberry; O^SlOc for
' Kfxid to prime semi-washed; 9^!3O*ic for su
| pericr unwashed; O^ic for good green unwash
ed; O'a'alCc for good to superior unwashed
I peaberry; 5%<&~%c for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — Nominal: stock. 525 bags; 11H
i i&lS'io for prime to fancy washed: 9H©10Hc
; for fair to strictly good washed: 8%@SVic for
! good to superior unwashed; 9?^@10c for good
j to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatfmala (stock. 19.C12 bags) and Mexican
i (Rtook. VA'2 bags)— 13i4@14ijc. for fancy wash
1 ed. nominal- ll^fflSc for prime to strictly
prime washed, nominal; 10i4gile for strictly
' rood washed: lOfJlOVic for good washed: »hi9
i ft^c for fair washed: 8^8*ic for medium:
; 5*4«j"%c for Inferior to ordinary: lO'i'SlHic
' for good to prime washed peaberry; OVj'filOe
I for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9*-i<9
j U%o for jrnod to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Dealers continue to report a
; firm and active market. Sole, hravy. 2!)fi31c:
• extra h-avv. 31933c per lb; mMlum, 27^I23c:
lipht. 2Rff'JSo; Rousrh Leather. 280800', Harness
> leather, heavy .".Sffj^r for No. 1 and 32fi.14c
for Nn 2: medium, .loa.^c: light. 29«a5c;
• skirtlnK No. 1. 40t?42c: No. 2. 3«J?aS<?; Collar
'¦ Leather! lTfTICc per foot: Trace T^ather, 4O^
! 44c: Kip. unfinished 40 | &50c per lb; Veal, fln
¦ Ished. 50Q60C per lb": Calf, finished, 65c5$l per
' !b: Wax Plies, Iflftl7c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits 14^160; Rough Splits. SftlOc per lb.
. TANBARK— Ground. $25©2S per ton: stick,
! $l« 5O«?1S rer cord.
; OII^S — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
] add 5c; Linseed. 51c r^r Kallon for boiled and
j 40c for raw; Castor Oil. In case*. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers" AA, cases Jl lOiffl 12: Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut, case*.
OoiySOo per gallon: . Cocoanut Oil. In barrels,
Mo for Ceylon an ( ] .">c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Spfrm Oil. ft.Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. «.'*c: extra blpached wintp r Whale
Oil ."7c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil 7.V; No. 1 Lard Oil. 8Bc;
j pure NcatFfcot Oil. 7.1c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
> »:.".c: licht Herrimr Oil 42c: dark Herring- Oil.
' 4Oc; Salmon Oil. 34c: boded Fl?h Oil. ."7c: raw
Finh Oil. .'53c; boiled Paint Oil 33c ; raw Paint
Oil. 31c. • - /.•
was Quoted et-diviJend of 60 eeats per share
tn the board yesterday under the ne-w rule.
The dividend will be paid on November 21.
The Standard Oil Company of New Jersey
has declared a dividend of *7 per share, pay
able December IS. Last year a dividend of *V3
was declared for payment on ths same date.
To-day's dividend declaration make* a total
dividend for thie year of 36 per cent, com
pared with 44 per cent In 1903.
Late assessments are: Wabash Mining Com
pany, 1-& of 1 per cent, delinquent December
13; Oray Wing Mining Company. 8 oenU. No
vember 2S: Too West Vancouver Commercial
Company. 1 cent. December 12; Th* Oosford
Land Company of Kern County. $1. December
8; The Potrero Land and Water Front Com
pany of San Francisco. 15 oents. November 30:
The Pacific Gypsum and Marbl* Company. *3.
December T: The Great Dane Gold Mining
Company of Nevada County. 3 eenu, Decem
ber 9- The Esperama, Gold Mining Company
of Tuolumne County. 1 cent. December 19.
At a meetln? of the directors of the Hotn*
Oil Company Monday the regular monthly
dividend of 2Hc per share was P""^ «*
further dividends will not be paid untU war
ranted by the financial condition of the com
pany. Meanwhile an attempt W1U be mad*
to increase the contracting production by drtii
ln The n \Var«r e Shaft Association made • «u£
payment of 120.000 T«»t«day on the V*™&**
contract Just signed, this being «£e first In
stallment on the cost price of *3O.°<X>-, Tha
associaUon still has In lta treasury J23.000.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Xor. 15—8 *•!?¦'
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid Ask I Bid. Ask.
4. qr coup.. 106^1(^6% 1 4. V ep "•"•J^^ 1^
4a qr rea . .lOC^lOfl^iSs ar coup-..10*H —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AlaAWBs. - - OtkTCfUJO 1BH
Asso Oil 6s. — 89 Do Bs •••••"-% ~
Bay CPC Bs. — 102H Do con B«.l£.% —
Cal C G 8s. — — Oceanic 3 5«. 50 CO
Ca G & E g Om Cable 6..120H -
m&ct5s B M 83 PMOtate- 97
Cal-et C 5a.ll4Vi — P E to 5»-- »«»
C C Wat Be. M. — P * C H 6s.lO4 —
EdL A P 6S.123 — P * OR 6e.llO —
Lfry C .?Bf ' » - I£k62v&.1M 1004
H CAS 5&106 - SF & 8JV3MW H9*.
Do 89 .7..10O 10OH Sierra R 6s. — —
L A Ry BS..115H — (l«0 ---i- 109 * —
Do ltd 5S.1O1 103H <J|^' Sr B - t I7 u ~
LAP lcm Be.101 — <190«> t?I H Z
Mkt-st C «s.U8 — (1912) .....11* —
Do lcm 5s.ll«^ — BPC 1 eg 5j. — -
MV& MtTSs.tW 110 I Do ¦tajnPJ 1 - — ~
NRR of C6s. - 107 3 P B R «¦•}»*„ ~
Do Bs ....11SH — 9 V Wat es.104% —
N P C R S«. — 106 Do 4« 2dm.lOO —
N C Ry Ss.. - 112 Do 4, KM. »»H -
N C V C .'.s. 09 — Do If rntg*s WV, —
X S R R Ss. — 03 Stkn t**™"-**. ~
OG L*H 3». — ltO U O & B SelOSH —
0 w gta Bs. — ico I rrt of sf 4«. — —
WATER STOCKS.
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 3*i'S P G A B. B3»4 —
Mutual E L. »H 11 IStkn G * E. — 8%
Pac L Co... 58^5 — II O * * co « "~" "~.
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 323 f
BANK STOCKS.
Ba5l°of Cal.420 425 IMerch Ex.... B0 -.
• rm Pafe Dp.U9>4 — S F National. — — Xr
First Nationl — 370 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
: Ger S * L.233O — |Sav * L So.. — 1<»
Hum S * L. - - S« Sav Bk.. — 434
i Mutual Sav. — 100 Lnion T Co. . — —
, S F Sav U.615 ' — I
STREET RAILROADS.
' California .. — 10*1,: Presidio » — .
: Geary — *<> !
POWDER.
I Giant 61 — tVlgorlt — *%
SUGAR.
! Hawaiian C. 74 73 JMakaweU C.. 81 J4 —
I Honokaa S C 17 — • Onomea S C. 30^ 32.
! Hutch S P C 14% lJi'jlPaauhau 9 C. 19** —
j Kllaue S C. 3% 4U!
MISCELLANEOUS.
i Alaska P A.'^- »5 J Oceanic B Co. 3^ 8*i
:ral F C A.^- Sftiilpac Aux FA. 41, — ¦•
• Cal W«ne A. — 77 ' Pac C Borx.156 15.%
MVA MtTm. 03 102 I Pac S Tel Co — 106
Morning Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 9« 00
R Alaska Packers' Association... f>S CO
15 Giant Powder Con 51 5V
:<S Giant Powder Con 60 r.0
25 Hawaiian ComI & Sugar 71 0»>
SO Hutchinson S P Co 12 J« .
11O Hutchtnson 3 P Co IS O .
100 Hutchtnson S P Co 13 25
140 Honokaa S Co ".... !*][••.
2ft Makawell 31 0°
705 Paauhau 3 P Co IS CO
20 Pac States TAT (ex -rights).. 103 «>
164T 9 F Gas & Electric S3 CO
145 S F Gaa &. Electric B3 »>
4OS F Oas A Electric .53 75
50 Spring Valley Water Co 3J> 75 .
I $2 COO Associated Oil Co 5 per cent.. 98 BO
$1 000 Associated Oil Co 5 per cent.. 86 d>
i $1,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s.. 85 00 _ ,
' Afternoon Session.
I Board—
! IS Alaska Packers' Association... 93 CO
15O Honokaa S Co 17 CO
5O Hutchlnson S P Co 13 BO
\ 610 Hutchinson S P Co 14 Ort
15 Hutchlngon S P Co 14 IS**]
50 Makaweli 31 20
' * 100 Oceanic S S Co 3 62^
SHO Paauhau 3 P Co 19 15
115 S F Gas & Electric.../ 83 62^
$1 000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s.. 84 IT;
Street—
1*0 Makawell 81 OO
$5,000 Cal Gaa * El G M & C T 5a.. S3 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bav CPC 6s. — 101 ISF & NP 5a.ll:: ll^V
B L Wat «s. — 111*3' S P C R 4s. 9S 10T.
Cal NW 5s.. 11314 — 19 P Co 4Vis.l0t —
M C Wat Ss.lOO — Sun Tel 6S...114U —
Ria I Wk»5s — 105 Do 5a 105H —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — Suttr-st R5s. 1<>1 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . — 2i Lon* SF Bk — 60
Amer Bis Co — 80 Mat Nav Co. 60 —
Cal Cot Mlla 80 — Nev Nat Bk.200 —
Cal G&ECor. 49% 51 IN Cal P Co. 10 10U
C Jockey Cl. — 113 I Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Powder. ISO 145 |Oak T Con.. 75 — ;
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal T I * T — 16O Orpheum Co. — 16H
Cen Bk Oak 60 72Va PacC Ca» <>xl» ISO -
Chutes Co .. B 8 Paraf Paint.. S3 " ¦ — '
City & C Blc — 12O> Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6HS P Drydock — M
East Dynm.. — 873 ISF&SJ Coal. 17 1» 20,
DptPwd pfd — 85 B J Wat Cal0»H —
Do com ..40 — SO A MTrbt.125 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — ISo Pao Co.. 65 •¦— ¦
Fischer Thtr 1.40 2 |8wlss-A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — | Track Elect.. — 13
Gas Con A.. — 19 UR InC pfd. «1*4 —
Hono P Co.. 24H 27H' Do com ... 1« - —
BALES.
Morning Session.
BWd—
75 Cal Gas A Electric Corp 50 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Dividends payable to-day: Sovereign l^C
8terlinr 7c. Four Oil lc. Caribou 7c.
Oil Stock— • Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Ort .... ¦ 20 ¦
California fitandard ' IT ...." '
Chicago Crude 22 .....;:
Claremont ...' > «3H .:.:
Independence ' 3O ' S3 1
Kern (old) 1 4 75
Monarch (of Arizona) 25 ....
Monte Cristo 75 ....
Occidental of W Vs :.. C.T 04
Oil City Petroleum ......... 57. 54 •
Reed Crude 2 Ort
Sterling 2 0i> ....
Toltee — •••• .
Twenty-eight ..: 11 <*> ••••
Coallnga & Pac OH * Ga* Co 3T» ...^
lone A Eastern R R Co 10 0o ....
Associated Bonds 85 0O • *•••.
Morning , Sesrton.
1000 Junction •"•* J*
COO Oil City Petroleum •••• w
5O Fischer's — - J 22
S0O Chicago Crude ??,.
1 100 Monte Cristo (s 10) J>H
25 Sanitary Reduction 133
Afternoon Session.
Boar<1 — KMM .
100 Caribou * •*>
100 Twenty-eight Oir : 10 50
100 Twenty-eight Oil 11 00
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
TVall street stocks still Irregular and
unsettled.
I/ocaJ stocks lively and interesting:.
I>omestic Exchange weak. Silver as.
before.
Wheat futures lower and freights de
moralized.
Barley In good demand and steady.
Rye hiffher.
Oats and Corn firmly held at previous
Drices.
Hour and Millstuffs moving very well.
Hay weak and dull. Bran and Rolled
Barley steady.
l>rans quiet, with large lines of dam
aged stock arrivinc.
Potatoes still depressed with exces
sive arrivals. Onions steady.
Poultry and Game markets generally
in good condition.
Apples continue in heavy supply and
u-eak.
ltuttcr depressed, Egffs lower and
Oieese easy.
I>ried Fruits, Kalsrfns and Honey quiet.
>o further change In Hams, Bacon or
Lard.
Wool, Hides and Hops In excellent
tone.
v'attle, Sheep and nogs as before
quoted. j
Hie Weather and Crops.
The weekJy report of A. O. MoAfiie. section
director cf the climate and crop service of
the Weather Bureau, is s* follow*:
GENERAL BUMilART.
The temperature wu slightly above normal
In most section*, and th« weather generally
d»«x during the week, errept along the coast,
where partly cloufiy and foggy weather pre
vailed. At 6*a D1e«a the highest tempera
ture «r*r recorded !a November, 83.1 degrees,
. occurred on the bth. Hot, drying winds pre
vt'.lei :a Southern California.
In the central and Dorthern sections plow
¦:.j end r*tdlr.g are progressing rapidly anl J
a large acreage of irt'.r. Is te.r.g: planted, but
in •.:.«. * -j;:. the eoll ;s too dry. and very little !
work .» b«ir.g dene. Early sown grain in the i
renirai and :,.¦: -.:.«rr. sections looks remark- j
rl.j well and .- making rapid growth, with \
ir.d!catlcn» cf a large crop. Corn picking and :
potaf cigglng ere nearly completed. Partur
-ge is plentiful and of excellent Quality, ex
»*pt la the eoath, and etock Is in ccod condi
tion. The locg period of dry weather !n ]
•r.f-r-. California Is ir-.-:c-j«:j- affecting all
• - - ¦ -¦: t. and n>!ceasitates unuvually liberal
;rr;g«.tlon.
< ¦ <--.-g t harvest '• progressing rapidly in the I
I DrUTCHte diftrtct, where heavy ehlpnaents I
v.c-re cu.de durir^ the weelt. Picking ar,d ;
-h;ppt£g are a.o In proerew at Orovllle and j
.:; portions cf Southern California. The orange j
¦ r p is reported large and of excellent quality
la all ; -• r:» of Tulare Counlj-. CloverJaie j
¦ j,«"~ are developing »atl»l actoi lly. The '
r-isia crop la all under cover, except in a few !
; -». < >::\»* and walnuts are be:ng gath- >
*r<^l and olire pickling is in progress.
SACRAMEXTO VALLEY.— The temperature j
vtF ailgh'.l)- above normal and the weather •
gciierally clear during the week, with light j
. « la the roomings. The sell in some sec- ;
taona it becoming aomewhat dry for seeding. !
liut In most pieces pljwlng and seeding are '
? •••-.. racidly. A large acreage of grain ¦
will be rlanted If conditions continue favcr- j
able. Early sown grain looks well and is >
:n*klTig rapid growth; present prospects are |
rood frr a large crcp cf wheat, cats and bar- j
ley. Orai,g>-9 are coloring rapidly and give j
indication* of a large crop; picking and shlp
:rg ar« in progress in some places. Olives
and walnuis aje being gathered and the yields
are general!? good.
COAST AND BAY EDCTTIOX!".— Partly
cloudy and foggy weather prevailed during the
««-*-k end the irtnptratjre was nearly normal.
Oraln end graer made good gnAvth and were
never la better condition et this season. Rain
is needed eocn ;n the southern districts, but
:he *cll is still m excellent condition in the
o»T.tral end northern section*. Plowing and
fading are progressing rapidly and In some
; l*c*s toe rrain acreage is being largely in
¦ rfcaned. Green feed ie plentiful and stock la
ia (rood condition. The premature budding of
iruit trees is causing orchardlste some, uneasi
¦"'•**. Apples are nearly all gathered, and the
«-,live crop is being harvested. Orangres at
Ocverdtle are developing satisfactorily.
PAN JOAQflN VALLEY.— The weathT
rfurinjp the past wrpk hes tccn clear and sea- (
t-cr^bie. Wry little r'owing and ceding are t
f^ing done, owinjr to the <Jr>-nes» of the I
ground. Ralein < t.'ir »; it at>out finished, and |
the present Fea»i.'^ crop is being fciiij>i*"i rap- ¦
idiy to market. Olive parking continues.
Ortngf> picking it prorrfselng rapidly and :
large «hirment» are b^ing made; the lrult is j
cf fine color and F nr A *•«• Green feed is i
plentiful and rt.ick of al! kinds is In good |
4-ondltion and healthy. There in plenty cf i
water in the Irrigation ditches. Ram is needed I
sn all sectiorF.
POUTHEItX CALIFOnXIA— Warm, clear
and exceedingly iiry w. ather continued durinit j
ibe week, with drylnjr winds. whi<h rapidly \
ebsorbed the mcist'jie in the toll and newsei- )
tated a meat liberal um of Irrigating watrr.
The hifliest tpmi.erature ever recordej at San.
Dlcgo ia Novcrr.l.er, flo.l degr^ofl, oct-urred on i
the Sth. The Jrourht is seriously affecting |
I»oLatn*s and all mgttahle*. and green fesd i* t
rapidly railing-. Very little farm work is be- j
irg dene and the outlook for grain is poor, j
Oranit** are coloring rapidly end pirkinK is |
in procreas In some orvhards. Walnut har
\-e*t continues and is nearly completed at Ana
heim. - . -¦
i:UREKA SUMMARY.— Considerable plowing
stid needing is bcir.g dor.e. «Jran has a thrifty
tif-peararice; in ttn-e places oatu is six inches
high. Cattle is in fine condition. Iiain as- j
•¦nrrs pl»;'jty of feed for winter use.
LOS ANGELKS BBiSMART.—Uot, drjing j
» inc!« niott of the wetk w-rlously affi-ctf-d the |
growth of Vdt«tableft. Grai^ Is still f?reen in !
t-crr.e northern (-ectionf, but needs rain; pas
nirage ia dried up *ls*where. A large acre
8pc of »?ar-1en tnjck is Kir.g plar.tei. Seme
pi ag Had beans are already marketed.
___
Two cars of Western Poultry were marketed
and the receipts from domestic points were a
little In excess of 60 coops. The market was
generally in good shape, with all descriptions
selling freely, and old live Turkeys, young
Roosters, Fryers and Broilers were quoted
higher. All indications point to*a steady mar
ket for the balance of the -week. Receipts of
Game were about 200 sacks. Wild Ducks.
Hare and Rabbits were firm, while Geese
dragged at lower prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 17@20o for old
and 20^P22c per lb for young; Geese, per peir
$1 75@'2; Goslings, $2<g2 23; Ducks, $51?5 50
per dozen for old and $5®7 for young; Hens,
$4-50@5 for small and $3 50@6 for large; young
Roosters, $5 5O@6 50: old Roosters, $4®4 60:
Fryers, ?4 5»®5; Broilers, $3@4; Pigeons, $1@
1 25; Squabs. $2@2 25.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $3®6 per doaen;
Canvasbaek. $3@«: Teal, $2-&2 50; Sprig, $2 50
@3; Widgeon, $2ff2 50; Red Heads, $2©3:
small Ducks, $1 75<£f2; Gray Geese, $2@3;
White Geese, $1@1 75: Brant, $1 25S2 60;
Honkers, $3@5; Snipe, $3 for English and $1 50
for common; Doves, $1 25; Hare. $1 50@l 75;
Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails . and $1 50 , for
Brush.
Poultry and Game.
PEACHES — Are steady, with choice quoted
at 8©9>4c; extra choice, 9%@10e; fancy, 10V4
Cfllc.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet. Common, 3«i<g>4»4c; prime. 4 He; choice,
4*i<S5>4o; fancy, 6^®U^o.
PRUNES — Are In moderate demand. The.
market Is firm, with Oregon fruit pretty well
cleaned up. California varieties range from
2c to 6c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Show no change, belnc well held
at 9%©10c- for choice, 10"S4@10V4o for extra
choice and 11^15o for fancy.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 4c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 9-lGc; molasses sugar, 8%o.
Kenned, strong. i
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
EOGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice.
8 7-16c; mild quiet. Futures closed steady, 5
points lower; sales, 27,500 bags; December.
6.9567c; January. 7.10c; March. 7.25@7.30o;
May. 7.45@7.60c; July. 7.60@7.65c; September.
7.75®7.S0c. '
wire service wa» little better to-day the wheat
market continued dull. Weakened by bearish
Argentine crop news and lower English cables
the price dropped sharply and closed %Q2Y t c
lcwer. May closed at $1 13 13-16; July closed
at $1 02%; December closed at $1 1SH
HOPS — Quiet; State, common to choice. 1901
crop, 31@39c
HIDE!} — Strong.
WOOL — Firm.
the advance noted yesterday, with receipt,
moderate.
DRESSED MEATS.
holds very strong and prices are tending up
ward Quotations: '
California— Humboldt and Mendocino, 26i^@
27c* Northern Pacific, 24@26c; middle counties,
19®20c; Southern, 15@lCc. _ ¦ *¦"
Oregon^-Eastern staple, 19@21e; clothing, 17
Territory — Idaho fine, 16}£@19c; beavy fine,
16®17c; fine medium, l6«t®10c-
Wyoming— Fine, 17%@18i4c; heavy fine, 15®
16c; fine medium, 17%@lS%c. .
Utah and Nevada— Fine. 17(318o: heavy
fine 15@lSc; fine medium, 17HS'18c-
Montana— Fine choice, 21©C2c; average, 19<3>
20c; fine medium choice. 21@22c; average,
Colorado— Fine, 15<g"16e; fine medium, 16® '
17c. '
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wh eat— Dec ,, ****?%¦ PfZ-
Opening 7 2% . 4J4 - %
Closing 7 2% .4% 7 4y«, ,
PARIS.
Wheat— £<>?• Mar.-June.
Opening 23 70 25 25
Closing 23 70 25 25
ODerinfT 81 *° S3 05
St. Louis Wool 3Iarket.
ST LOUIS Nov. 15.— WOOL— Steady. Med
ium 'grades, combing and clothing. 20@28c;
light fine, 17022c; heavy fine, 13@18c; tub
washed, 25@38&c.
London Copper Market.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— Copper strong to-day on
New York advice., reaching C«%, but closed
easier al I €8% on realizations. Sixteen hun
dred tor.s were sold^
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND Nov. 15.— WHEAT— For ex
port: Walla Walla. 80c; bluestem. 85c; val
le Fo"Ea C st-Wflla Walla, 83c; bluestem. 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 15.— Wheat lc lower. Blue
i stem, &9c; club, 85c.
', Northern Business.
i SEATTLE, Nov. 15.— Clearings. $»75,433;
! b % a A n cOMA W4 N 8 ov. IS.-Clearlnss. $549,054;
I 15._Clearln g s, $799,512;
! 15-Clearlng,. $762,673;
j balances, $58,232.
in. in small quantities and sold at 4©5c per
pound.
POTATOES— Burbanks from th« river. 40®
65c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $.1 10@l S3 per
ctl; River Reds 60@70c per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes, 65@85c per ctl. • .
ONIONS— $1 75@2 per ctl. .
VEGETABLES— String Beans, S@4c per lb;
"Wax Beans, 4@5c per lb; Lima-. Beans,
4®0c per lb; Tomatoes, 4O@85c per box;
Summer Squash, $1®1 25 per box; Cabbage, 60c
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers. 25®
60c per box; Garlic, 4*6@5c per lb; Eg?
Plant. 50® 65c per box: Dried Peppers, nom
inal; Gree-n Peppers, 25®35c per box; Mar
rowfat and Hubbard Squash. $10<gi2 per ton
for round lots. - ,-'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
Ctontlnned on Page Fourteen.
The situation remains as for some little time
past. Choice Beef Is still inHirht supply, but
poor and thin. stock-. Is plentiful. .-There., is
sufficient. Mutton. Lamb' and Veal coming in
?- —— »:oil requirements. Hoira are firm at
Moat Market.
. Bogton Wool Market. -
BOSTON. Nov. 15.— The wool • market la
quieter this week, due to the fact that stocks
in the hands of local dealers have been heavily
reduced, many manufacturers having pur
chased freely for .future needs. Buyers now
find much difficulty in getting desirable. lots
of Druiu needed for th* mill" Tl»'m«i4«(
MISCEULAXEOUS MARKETS
The market ; for river Potatoes | 8 still very
much depressed." as the daily receipts are far
in excess of requirements and dealers- find it
Impossible to effect clearances, even at the
minimum quotation. Salinas Burbanks are
steady, particularly for fancy stocks. Sweets
and. Onions are steady at -the old quotations.
Miscellaneous Vegetables • showed but little
change. Wax and Lima Beans .were- higher
and Garlic, was > held at firmer rate*. ;Cholce
Tomatoes were i in - good . request and steady,
while - poor lots: continued to drag.-, . Cucum
bers and- Green. Pepper* moved very slowly at
itoW mrl«i»« t>««« f nun L<M A tier il a a TL'or^ oAw.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
fcs AUCTION £*
SATCRDAT, NOVEMBER 19. 1904. at li
o'clock,
At the Livery Stable of ADOLPR DOBRZXM-
SKT, NEWMAN. Cml.
-4O HEMO MULES,
Property of P. H- HOARB,
Weighing from 100O pounds to 1230 pound*.
All well broken. To be sold without r«s«rve.
hj L. O. CATSX. AucUod— r.
AUCTION SALE £r^
WEDNESDAT^Nor. 16. at 11 a. m., Arcmda
Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. Just arrived this
morning, on* of the best lots of heavy work
horses ever offered at auction, also six food
drivers. Must be sold to-day. ' > •
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auction— r.• CHRISTMAS BAZAAR.— The Ladles' Aid
Society of Memorial t Presbyterian Church
Fourteenth avenue South and Railroad avenue'
will open a Christmas bazaar in Masonic Hall
building to-morrow moyiinsr at 10 o'clock and
continue it through Thursday and Friday-
There will be tables of plain and fancy needle
work, bric-a-brac and other articles of use
and ornament in variety. There will be a
delicacy department. confectionery booth
tamale eaf» and other attractions. A fln»
lunch. will be served each day at noon.
The police are looking for Hose
Wood,' who is fraudulently collecting
subscriptions in the name of the Salva
tion Army for Its Thanksgiving dinner.
She is 30 years of age, short and
slim, light complexion, red hair and
wears a Salvation Army bonnet. She
claims to be a newspaper correspond
ent. All solicitors for the army are
provided with cards of official au
thority, signed by George French, pro
vincial officer.
Police Look for Impostcr.
M. "W. Zackman, representing
Hooker & Lent, real estate agents, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
Chun Mow Lun, a Chinese, on the
charge of disturbing the peace. The
Chinese refuses to give up possession
of a house at 30 Brooklyn street and
has a sign in Chinese posted up,
which translated, reads: "Any one
wanting this house must see me first
to the extent -of $1000." He claims
that he has spent that much money in
repairs on the building.
Will Xot Give Up Possession.
Prof. De Fllippa has removed his Academy of
Languages to his own cozy bulldlng.1013 Post St.*
Policeman Mitchell E. Burke was
fined $50 by the Board of Police Com
missioners las.t night for conduct un
becoming a police officer. He was
found guilty of refusing to make an
arrest and of trying to conceal his
name at the Central Police Station
from Lieutenant Wright. Policeman
J. L. Nelson was fined $5 for being off
his. beat. A special meeting will be
held Tuesday afternoon to take up
other citations.
Policemen Are Fined.
Darnett'fl Extract of Vanilla 1* th*
best, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. .."
Gives a Descriptive Lecture.
M. Georges Dupuy delivered a dram
atlo lecture last night under the au
spices of the Cercle Francals, Hotel
Savoy, dealing with the volcanic out
break at La Martinique and the hor
rors which followed. M. Dupuy hast
ened to the scene as representative of
Le Matin and had the advantage of
viewing the grim and fearful devasta
tion which has formed a tragic paga
In modern history.
A New Art Gallery.
We have, converted our picture room
into a beautiful gallery for the exhibi
tion and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels, etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially
invited. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. i^ •
Malice is sharper at the hilt than in
the blade.
FAI.1^: INTO BAT.— Arthur K«rr. a
plumber of Pan M&teo, either fell or Jumped
into tba bay from the end of Green street
wharf la« night. TTie watchman saw him
standing a!om on th<> «>nd of the wharf and a
moment later heard a splash. Kerr was fished
out ani exhi\,iU-A a powder-burnt wound on
his chest. H«> said he was shot, but as no
shot was h«ard it is believed he attempted to
Idll hlmsflf with a revcl\-er and, falling in
Ills attempt, tried the bay.
Although the firm are retiring from
business they will not leave the State, as
they have a ranch In California. On«
member of the firm remarked, "We shall
not leave California, the paradise of
America." •
The most beautiful exhibition of Ori
ental textile art was yesterday opened
for private view to the press, and the
same will be open to the public to-day.
This exhibition consists of about 200
Oriental rugs and carpets, the gems of
gems of the entire Orient, and are th«
private collection of Messrs. Tuzuk &
Co. of 24 and 2*> East Twenty-first street.
New York, and 230 Pest street. San Fran
cisco, who have been in business in this
city for the past four years and are now
retiring completely from business. Tho
firm have sold all their regular stock of
Oriental rugs at 230 Post street, and tho
galleries are now closed, but. as they de
sire to sell all their works of art, they
have taken the conservatory at the Pal
ace Hotel, where they will sell at auc
tion, to the highest bidder, regardless of
cost or value; their private gem pieces.
The auction is to be but for four days,
commencing to-day (Wednesday), at 2:30
o'clock in the afternoon and at 8 o'clock
in the evening, and continuing the fol
lowirs three days at the tame hours.
Every lover of Oriental rugs should
certainly visit the conservatory nt the
Palace Hotel to-day and see these mar
velously beautiful specimens, even if
they do not desire to purchase.
Sleeplessness. Indjgeftion and Pain are hor
rors that Parker'* Ginger Tonic will abate,
Parker's Hair Balaam aids the hair growth.*
Conservatory of the Palace
Hotel Has the Appearance
of an Oriental Temple
A VERITABLE
TREASIE HOUSE
Eleven Japanese and six Chinese,
tvho arrived recently on the Man
churia, were denied a landing yester
day by the United Staies Immigrant
Bureau because they were afflicted
¦uith trachoma, a contagious disease
of the eyelids. This is the largest
number having this disease that have
ever arrived here by any one vessel.
Trachoma on the Increase.
Russell Hall, a small boy residing
at 712 Laurel avenue, swallowed a
lead pencil two inches long yesterday.
The little fellow was marking on a
piece of paper when he placed the
pencil in his mouth to moisten the
lead. In some unaccountable way he
swallowed the pencil, point down
ward. He was conveyed to the Emer
gency Hospital and Dr. Hill will try to
save the little fellow's life.
Boy Swallows L/ead Pencil.
Tirey L.«Ford makes emphatic de
nial of the Hanford charges and does
not seem to doubt that he will be able
to prove the inaccuracy of the state
ments. Mr. Ford said:
It Is difficult to conceive how a man In
his right mind could p«rmlt himself to make
the statements Mr. Hanford has Incorporated
In his pleading. It is sufficient to say that,
la so far as they charre professional or moral
delinquency they are wholly, absolutely and
maliciously false.
W e had some differences about T>ecemb*r,
1901 arlsine out of a request on. Mr. Han
ford's part that I make certain untruthful
statements, which I. of course, refused to do.
Our relations thereupon came to an end. Mr.
Hanford then grave me a written agreement,
which was executed on January 17, 1902, In
which he contracted to pay me for my past
services. This agreement was made subse
quent to the alleged unfaithfulness attempted
to be set forth In the papers Just Hied.
The public is already somewhat familiar
win Mr Hanford's vagaries. The documents
bristle with misleading statements that it
would be Idle now to refute. The charges of
unprofessional conduct, I repeat, are inex
cusable and absolutely false.
Mr. Hanford has even gone so far as to mis
state the terms and character of my employ
ment but I will not anticipate the Judicial In
vestigation of the facts. He is a defendant
endeavoring to avoid the payment of a fee
and the performance of a written promise.
This attack Is one of the penalties to which
all men render themselves liable when they
seek to compel a crafty delinquent to meet
his Just obligations.
TIREY Ia FORD'S ANSWER.
commission for him, or.more than J50Q.
000, which he would have received had
Ford remained loyal.
He says that he was left the alterna
tive of suing the Eastern capitalists to
recover or taking what they pleased to
offer. He feared to bring any action,
he says, and accepted $130,000 for his
work.
The Sutter street shares were sold
for about $3,000,000 and the Market
street stock for ?14,000,000 and Hanford
says 3 per cent would have been a fair
Hanford alleges that at about the
time of the purchase, the question of
his services and compensation came up
and the Easterners, conceding that the
services had been valuable, Btill claimed
that a large part of the work had been
performed by Ford, and they were pre
pared to contend that Ford was not
acting for him in any manner. Han
ford replied that Ford had been em
ployed by him.
Hanford says that Ford was then
trying to obtain the position as general
attorney of the railroad companies as
soon as the purchase of the stock was
consummated and he was afraid the
statement Hanford desired might mili
tate against his chances.
At that time, he says, Ford was the
duly qualified Attorney General of the
State. Hanford considered him well
fitted for the service needed 'and dis
closed to him all of his plans. Ford,
he says, immediately and eagerly ac
cepted the portion:
The deal progressed to a point when
on April 25, 1S01, the Eastern capital
ists purchased all of the shares of the
San Francisco and San Mate,o Railroad
Company. Hanford then paid Ford
$8000- on account.
In January. 1902. the Eastern capital
ists purchased the shares of the two
other lines. During the deal he had in
troduced Ford to the purchasers and
their agents as his confidential repre
sentative and adviser, and during Han
ford'3 absence, they frequently corre
sponded directly with Ford on the busi
ness in hand.
• Tirey L. Ford, general attorney for
the United Railroads and former At
torney General of the State of Califor
nia, has been sued by Robert G. Han
ford for $370,000. Hanford says that he
would have received that Bum as ad
ditional commission for promoting the
sale of the stock of the San Francisco
and San Mateo, the Market street and
the Sutter street Railroad companies if
it had not been for Ford's alleged acts.
The promoter's big demand is made
In an answer and' cross-complaint to
the suit of Milton Bernard, as assignee,
for $25,465 alleged to be due for serv
ices performed by Ford for Hanford be
tween September 1, 1900, and May, 1902,
and interest thereon. Bernard's first
claim was for $12,000 as a balance due
on a demand for $20,000 for services be
tween the dates mentioned, and the sec
ond for $10,000 for additional services
rendered between January, 1901, and
May, 1902.
Hanford, In his cross-complaint, de
clares that the assignment to Bernard
was made for the purpose of concealing
Ford's identity in the suit and he says
that Bernard has no real interest in the
result. For that reason his counter
claim is directed against Ford in per
son. It is also contended that Ford's
agreement to perform the services was
void and unlawful as he was Attorney
General of tho State at the time."
As abstracted from the voluminous
defense, Hanford's story is substan
tially as follows: About September 1,
1900, he conceived the idea of interesting
capitalists in Baltimore and New York
in the street railways of this city and
neighboring counties, particularly the
San Mateo, Market street and Sutter
street lines. He thought if he could
bring about the sale of the shares at
prices satisfactory to the Eastern par
ties he would receive a large commis
sion. It would be necessary, said Han
ford, to persuade the local holders to
sell at a price that would seem profit
able to the buyers and the undertaking
would require as much work'here as in
the East. He would be compelled to
be absent for some time and would, he
said, need some one upon whom he
could rely to assist him and represent
his interests here.
EMPLOYS ATTORNEY.
Say S He Hired Attorney to
Assist and Charges Him
With a Loss of $370,000
By formally dissolving the engage
ment of Miss Fannie Black of 1316 De-
B. W. Hyde, an architect, convinced
Judge Cabaniss that he did not unpro
vokedly assault Mrs. A. Duriez, as al
leged by that lady. She testified that
when she visited the architect's office
in the Chronicle building to interview
him anent a disputed bill he roughly
seized and violently cast her to the
floor, but he averred that she called
him "a dirty old liar" and then lay
down and yelled for aid. Mrs. Duriez
manages a lodging-house at 143 Third
street. '
Mr. Morrissey. was bo seriously in
jured that when the case was called
before Judge Mogan a continuance
was ordered till to-morrow. Since his
divorce Schell. who is an upholsterer,
has been twice in prison for disturb
ing her peace. When his attorney
applied for ball the Judge acquiesced
by fixing the bond at $3000. The
charge is attempt to commit murder.
James A. Morrissey of 1216, Mission
street was awakened from slumber
about 3:30 o'clock yesterday morning
by sounds as if persons were scuffling
in the main corridor of his dwelling.
Springing from his couch he opened
his chamber door and a man and
woman locked in close embrace fell
into the room. Theirs was not the
interlock of affection, however, for
each was struggling for release, and
the accompanying converse was not
complimentary. In the woman Mr.
Morrissey recognized his children's
nurse, and the man he Identified as
Bradford T. Schell, her divorced
husband. While endeavoring to effect
theii* separation he was stabbed in
the groin and had his left thumb al
most severed by a knife in the
hands of the male combatant, but he
blew a whistle and managed to hold
his assailant until the police re
sponded. Then it was learned that
Schell had entered the woman's
apartments through a window and
was evidently bent on killing her when
she awbke and thwarted him as de
scribed.
The noliceman in the case averred
that Mr. Wilenski was cruelly pun
ishing one of his children when Son
in-law Strua interfered, whereupon
Mr. Wilenski pursued him with an
uplifted ax and afterward shot. at him
with, a pistol. But. the Judge catrnot
base a decision upon police testimony
alone, and said as much when he
continued the case until Saturday.
Among the witnesses were the re
spective wives of the principals, and
from their gestures it was evident: that
each lady was' loyal to the interests
of her spouse. Mrs. Strua even went
so far as to shake a plump fist at her
father, and subsequently she was*
seen to cling affectionately to her hus
band. Mrs. Wilenski was equally
true to the partner of her bosom and
similarly antagonistic to his accusers.
Other folks who testified untrans
latably were Zan Klick and his wife,
Sophia, and M. T. Arey.
Police Judre Conlan has driven
himself till next Saturday to solve
several vexing phases of the problem
presented to him yesterday morning
through the testimony adduced in the
case of John Wilenski of 31% Zoe
street, accused of attempting to mur
der his son-in-law, Isador Strua, by
shooting at him. The formal com
plaint contained all the enlightenment
that his Honor could obtain, for both
the principals and all the witnesses
are natives of a remote Polish prov
ince that boasts of a distinct dialect,
and not one of them could speak/ in
telligible English. The full corps of
court interpreters was called in to
aid in the hearing, but each of them
in turn confessed his linguistic abil
ity completely baffled. So the Judge
is undecided as to whether the com
plainant choked the defendant with
his feet or. was shot with a hatchet
in the defendant's hands. \
William Lawson, red-haired • and
lanky, was accused of vagrancy, and
when he emerged from the cage to
face Judge Mogan . a bedraggled
woman awaiting trial on a similar
charge exclaimed:
'•Well, of all things! Hello, kid!
Where the dickens did you come
from? Well, , if this ain't rich!"
Then came the disclosure that until
three months ago the twain were one
without benefit of clergy and that
William severed the illicit tie by sud
denly disapeparing. from his wonted
haunts. He did -not seem tb relish
the unexpected meeting with his for
mer consort, while she appeared to
enjoy his discomfiture most hugely.
She laughed so heartily when he was
pronounced guilty "thar she could not
present a face of due "sobriety when
the Judge remanded her, too, for sen
tence to-day. "
* * •
"We wuz in th' fo'c's'le," Seaman
Albaugh told Judge Mogan, "w'en th'
bo's'n sez, 'Tike hoff yer coats an'
turn to, ye bloomin' skulkers,' an'
w'en we hobjected' on accaourit of th'
day bein' th' Sawbath blest hif 'e
didn't 'aul hoff an' black my heye an'
bleed Bill's nose. ' 'Ard treatment
.that," I sez, an' if 'e ain't mide ter
be-ave hisself Bill an' me '11 leave th'
bloomin' ship." •.
The boatswain was pronounced
guilty as charged and the Sabbatarian
salts assured that he will be duly pun
ished when he comes up to-day for
sentence.
John Aulin, bo's'n of the ship Brit
ish Isles, battered William Buchmann
and Albert Albaugh, able seamen, be
cause they preferred rest to unneces
sary toil last' Sunday while the vessel
lay moored to Main-street wharf.- ..
William Drummond's combined Im
pecuniosity and opium hunger
prompted him to qualify as the mean
est thief on record. To obtain means
of appeasing his yearning for "hop"
he swindled a blind seller of news
papers at ¦ Ke.irny and Sutter streets
by buying his wares and paying for
them with brass telephone checks in
stead of nickels. /The papers thus
purchased "he sold again and bought
"dope" with the proceeds. * Judge Mo
gan unctuously sentenced Mr. Drum
mond to three months' i imprisonment.
As a result of a police raid on 620
Jackson street there was unwonted
nomenclatural euphony on Judge Ca
baniss' calendar. Thirty-two women
were charged with being inmates of
a disorderly house, and the list includ
ed eleven Mauds, nine Pearls, five
Blanches, four Roses, one Gladys, one
Ruby and one Jane, the latter being
a clerical error. Their attorney de
manded a separate Jury trial for each
defendant an* the Judge compro
mised by agreeing to have two of
them tried before ' twelve good > and
true men on November 28.
Aileene^Hill must answer in the Su
perior Court the charge of having sto
len Romeo Hale's $50 diamond ring
and presenting it as a love gift to To
maso Felepedas, Romeo's rival for her
affection. Judge Mogan fixed her bail
at $500 and augmented her- woe by
dismissing the accusation of vagrancy
she had sworn to against Tomaso in
retaliation for his denial that she
gave the ring to him.
Edward T. Wheatland's fiancee,
Miss Esther Cristy, testified that her
betrothed had plenty of money of his
own before he was arrested and
charged with having stolen $325 from
Mrs. Elsie Hilflsch, by whom he was
employed as a bartender at 249 Stev
enson street. Miss Cristy wore a sky
blue broadcloth with burned . yellow
braiding. She knew, all about Ed
ward's pecuniary condition prior to
his arrest, because the wedding day
was set and they had discussed house
furnishing, Judge Cabaniss contin
ued the hearing till to-day.
Mr. Fleming was promptly given six
months, double the term that the
Judge had Intended to prescribe. Ed
ward Ordway, who aided Mr. Fleming
in pilfering lead, was sentenced to
three months.
"Mahany, ye're a bum bull. If it
hadn't a-bin for Jimmy Kavanagh
I'd a-licked ye, an' a-licked ye good.
Youse fly. cops oughtah be a-plckin'
prunes, youse make me tired."
After adopting Judge Fritz's sug
gestion that he plead guilty of petty
larceny, William J. Fleming addressed
Special Officer Mahany, on the wit
ness stand, as follows:-
On the charge of selling liquor with
out license in his fruit store at Sac
ramento and Devlsadero streets F. Bel
docchi will be given a hearing to-day by
Judge Mogan. He wanted to plead guil
ty and pay a small fine, but the court
declined the proposal.
The jilted one chewed a stubbly mus
tache while the lady told her tale in
court, and he said not a word when the
Judge opined that it is a woman's pre
rogative to change her mind and ex
tend the mitten as often as she pleases,
nor did he permit himself to speak
when he was advised to return to San
Jose and study forgetfulness. Miss
Black fairly beamed her gratitude at
the bench when the decree came down
that she could not be compelled to re
turn the material love tokens bestowed
upon her by the unhappy defendant.
For a year Miss Black and Mr. Selt
zer were affianced. Their union was
considered advisable' for business as
well as sentimental reasons, for he was
a tailor and she a cleaner of clothing.
He occasionally came from San Jose to
see her, and so unchanged was her de
meanor toward him prior to her dec
laration of independence that the blow
came like a thunderbolt from an un
clouded sky. She abruptly told him
that he was of too nervous a tempera
ment to suit her and she considered it
wiser to back out of the engagement
than to consign herself to a life of marl
tal incompatibility. Instead of accept
ing his conge and donning sackcloth
he went and obtained a marriage li
cense, purchased a plain gold ring, re
turned to her presence and neurotically
renewed his suit. She was polite, but
firm, and when his pleading gave way
to upbraiding she caused his arrest for
disturbing her peace;
visadero street to J. Seltzer of San
Jose, ' Judge Mogan conveyed evident
elation of spirit to the lady, which was
not decreased by his Honor's supple
mentary opinion that she was not
bound either in honor or by law to re
turn the betrothal presents to their
donor.
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
GIVES HISTOKY OF DEAL
POLES PRESENT THE PROBLEM
Interpreters Also' Baffled
Wants Tirey L. Ford to Pay
Heavy Commission for Pro
moting United Railroads
HANFORD FILES
COUNTER BILL
QUEER LINGO PUZZLES
POLICE JUDGE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1904.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— The correspond
ent at Tokio of the Times says that all
accounts from .Port Arthur concur In
attributing the merit- for the the stub
born defense which is still being main
tained there / to General . Fock, who
commands the Russian left.
Gives General Fock the Credit.
16
MARKS BROS.
SALE OF
FLANNELETTE
GOWNS
AND
FLANNELETTE
SKIRTS
' SIX LOTS TO CHOOSE FROM:
Lot I— 50c Gowns — To- QQp.
: day ODll
Lot II — 75c Gowns — To- /I On
day ..... 40G
Lot III— 98c Gowns— To- PQp
Lot IV— $1.00 Gowns— 7Qp
To-day. ...... I ub
Lot V— $1.25 Gowns— OCp
To-day Oub
Lot VI— $1.50 Gowns— QCp
Today dull
Tbee« Gowns are mads of a splendid
quality of Flannelette In stripes and solid
. colors. Trimmed In good washable braid
and torchon lace. Cut extra full and wldo.
FOUR LOTS TO CHOOSE FROM:
Lot . I— 35c Petticoats— OC n
To-day .:.. Zub
Lot II— 50c Petticoats— QQ p
To-day 0 Ju
Lot III— 75c Petticoats— A Co
To-day ....... 4DG
Lot IV— $1.00 Petticoats P Q ft
—To-day..... Dub
Made with deep flounce; . aome are
trimmed with ruffles of torchon lace and
lace Insertion.
MAIL ORDERS PIMED.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 MARKET STREET
O'CONNOR^MOFFAtT^CO.
f C\VR importations for the Holiday Trade 1
are now complete and we invite an <
early inspection of the following lines of
New Goods suitable for
Holiday Gifts
Ladies* Fancy Bags
Fancy Opera Bags in Japanese damask, Japanese silk, Dresden •
silk and broadtail velvet <ri f\f\ i n C1Q f)f\ pirh
Prices range from..... Jl.OU 10 JI5.UU eaCQ
Feather Boas
A complete stock of fine Feather Boas in black, white, black
and white, brown, gray and fancy colors, length 45 inches
to 72 inches. Prices range tfiA CA f n C2C flf) p% c U
from . .iDlvii/V ii/ kpwi>»vw irCtv.li
Fancy Belts
Elegant stock of Fancy Belts in patent leather, crushed silk
and broadtail velvet in black and cfi/» I a C2 CZH t>ir\\
fashionable colors from 10 $D.DU K2.K&
Belt Buckles
Great variety of handsome Belt Buckles in oxydized, gun
35c to $2.50 each
Fancy Hose Supporters '
New line of Ladies' Fancy Hose Supporters in hook-on, round
and side, in fancy boxes suitable i. A C7 nn mi*
for holiday presents *3C lO jd.VV $dll
Handkerchiefs
Ladles' Linen Cambric Initialed Hand- $i nfl CI Rfi bos #
kerchiefs. X inch hems OliUU| Cl»0U dozen
Ladles' Hemstitched and Embroidered Sheer Linen Hand-
I erc . h !^ pu !.?! a . f^. bOT "::::::::::$!.5O, $3.00 fi^T 1
! Ladles'. Sheer Linen Initialed Handkerchiefs, en oc box#
X inch hems v L • L J do-en
Ladles' Shamrock Lawn Initialed ot en CO nn bos^
v Handkerchiefs. X inch hems 01. 0U, *O.UU dozen
Chlldren's'PIaln White and Colored Border oc. box. % doxen
Initialed Handkerchiefs. Fancy, bo«s *OV»inbox
Men's Linen Cambric H. S. ci en en Aft CQ flfl box *»
Initialed Handkerchiefs OliOU, 0^.4U, 9G.UU dozen
Order by Mail
Our Mail Order Department Is perfectly equipped to adequately aerve
the wants of those who live at a distance. Orders filled promptly. '
. _ \
111 to 121 Pbst Street >7^ feB *«Jb^
ygwMA^^^iiEviysQy.
ttearny and Sutter Streets ;
, ! j n ! ! 1 1 1 1 !¦¦'¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ **m ii 1 1 ¦»*«*»?«¦¦
: Qmm Exhibition or j
: Begins Today :
> —^— — —^— — — — — ~~ — ¦
' The annual advance display of Fancy Work starts ;
! to-dav in our splendidly arranged Art Department. ;
The rare beauty of the articles shown this season will •
! delight every lover of art. The newest suggestions, ,
• the richest ideas, the daintiest designs in Art Needle- . ;
! work are all here — a thousand and one exquisite pieces .
; appropriate for holiday gifts— and we will hold any '[
> article selected until you wish it delivered. ;
• The *Disphy %itt 'also continue \
\ daring T bars day and Friday. ;
; We bid you welcome, whether
yoa wish to boy or not \
•frM'4i 1 1 1 H II 1 1 II 1 1 1 II 1 1 H II *********** I ********
Qnfs PiiQhinrK hand embreldered and painted, beautiful
SOia v^Ubluuus, floral> convent jonal and poster designs,
in entirely new effects ; prices ranging from $5.75 to $25.00
Handsome Pin Cushions, ffi^^rSn/Tm:
broldered, prettily trimmed with lace, chiffon or ribbons, ,
from $1.50 to $15.00
Tm'iAt of net, swlss and scrim, also many of real lace,
l uiicl Jew very e | aborate| handsomely trimmed— a splen-
did variety to select from ; priced from $2.25 tO $35.00
Handkerchief, Glove, Necktie and Veil Cases,
new designs in various colors, hand painted and embroid-
ered. from ...$2.50 to $10.00
p^ nrv _\Vnrk Novelties of every description, both use-
J-ancy WOrK. rsuvciucs fu| an<J ornarncnT al — many
shown for the first time this season ; prices from 25c tO $7.50
T psthpr \ T nvplti^<; hundreds of artistically painted,
Leatner i>oveniws burnt ?nd aj3p , iqued articles, in
select designs to choose from ; prices ranging from. 25c tO $3*00
Art Fihpr Nnvp1tif><; something entirely new In
Alt UDer INOVeilies Qlove, Handkerchief and
Collar Cases, Photo Books. Scrap Baskets, Broom Cases,
Blotters, Letter Folios, Clipping Cases and many other
novelties, made from the fiber of tropical trees, by. natives
of the South Pacific Islands; priced 90C tO $3.25
Handsome Decorative Art Linens,
exquisitely embroidered by hand. The most beautiful collec-
tion of new designs ever shown by us ; priced
Doylies, from 50c to $3.00
Tray Cloths, from $3.25 to $20.00
Scarfs, from $4.75 to $30.00
Center Pieces, from $5.00 to $40.00
APVERT1SE3LEXTS. :";-}^:;
Everey time we raise the dust we lower the price. We are still building r.nd still in P| sj i)jc2
) need of room. We must make a place lor thftty more carloads of holiday Roods, and we [far <$$
' must do it at a sacrifice of our regular stock. All you have to do is look at the hundreds H? (mvij
$^-ftp of reductions, of which these are only examples, to realize how great the cut has been, l^^&ttl
3£}\b| Why not "fix up" the Dining-Room for Thanksgiving? A few dollars cash will do it all. -mSE ySH
brxiF 535 CHINA CLOSET ishod. Round cornered and' with *~ I^PkS
njO JK2 .... ... Ic.ivor — C feot long when ex- tt* C op Sf-i«!tSildG
gpg t £l J Y^ id SirE t ! nd : d :..^ r . ked .. t . h . 1 . 9 .. w !! k :: $5.85 $25 "SHERATON" BUFFET— P^S
Mm SJffiSs CUP AND SAUCER RACK A pcrfect >bcauty - Rich ' findy PHI
$»fcil make g Su proud^of afcout 5I-25. %i^^jV__^^!^^iM or dark - weathered finish, pgjg) fl
¦^^^ This week" the r0 ° m ' oak^ golden H "'.$ m Frcnch pIatc mirror top.
yP M*t Tn&rkea just — f Inith. - p Wwj Large table linen drawer, two EMf'^'H
|§H $23.50 piTuiaiS napkin drawers and plusii |i!j§!
jP?liPI . . , cups, and marked Uf\*L WCCK Inc " are C1 7 C A la W M
PJ|] ahO reduced.... at ;50C marked at just... frl/.bUg|g(|
AjDVEKTISEMEyrs.
4 Watch p
y Fobs
I Solid 14 Karat Cold
SOME WITH PLAIN
HARNESS BUCKLES,
OTHERS WITH OR-
NAMENTAL SEALS
OR LOCKETS . . .
iBohm-BristoICo.
(Jewelers and
Silversmiths \
/y 104-110 Geary Street y\
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO,
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
TALKING MACHINES AND RECORDS,