VOLUME XCVI— NO. 172.
PRTCE FIVE 'CENTS
BARONESS VON STERNBERG
UNVEIL THE STATUE.
Gin Or KAISER TO AMERICAN PEOPLE
TO BE DEDICATED WITH -DUE CEREMONY
MISS FANNY M. GOLBY, a bookkeeper earning a salary -of $50
a month, has pone wrong because of infatuation for Miss Dor
othy Morton, formerly of Fischer's. She is alleged to have stolen large
sums from her employers that she might lavishly entertain the actress. .
MISS MORTON'S CHARMS LEAD WOMAN TO STEAL
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— xne un
veiling of the statue of Frederick the
Great, the gift of the Emperor William
to the people of the United States,
which takes place to-morrow, will be
marked by an imposing ceremonial.
The statue stands in the grounds o'f the
new war college In this city. Seats
have been erected to accommodate
3300 spectators. The grounds' and
stands have been treated with an elab
orate and tasteful scheme of decora
tion, in which the German and Ameri
can colors alone have been employed.
The Baroness von Sternburg will un
veil the statue.
The ceremonies will begin promptly
at 2:30 p. m.. and will Include an invo
cation by Bishop Satterlee. an address
by the President, . remarks by General
Gillesple, Lieutenant General von Low
enfeld, Baron von Sternburg. the Ger
man Embassador, General Charfee
and the Embassador to Germany,
Charlemagne Tower, benediction by
Rev. Paul A. Menzel and music by the
Marine, the Fourth Artillery and the
Engineers" Corps' bands.
President Roosevelt will occupy a
* Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WIFE OF GERMAX EMBASSADOR
WHO WILL UNVEIL KAISER'S
GIFT TO AMERICA.
Continued on. Page 2, Column 4.
Continued on "Pace.2, Column •.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.-r-Clara D.
L.' Bowen has been appointed postmas
ter at Tillar, , Mendocino County; . Paul
S - Connors has been appointed -.: post
master at' North San :Dlego;^Wllliam
McFitz willlam > has • been « > appointed
postmaster at. Amboy. San -Bernardino
County. , '
New California 7 Postmasters.
. SACRAMENTO^ Nov. 1 .13.—Applica
tion was made at the Governor's office
to-day for a requisition for John Har
court, now.' in -custody in Lbs Angeles,
by Arizona officials.- He is wanted on
a charge of obtaining a large sum of
money by false 1 pretenses. Harcourt's
attorney has disputed the validity of
the . papers and the - warrant will not
be issued until this question is settled.
Says Papers Are Faulty.
Attending Physicians Are Administer
ing Oxygen in the Hope of Pro
: longing His Life.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 18. Al
though desperately ill at midnight,
Colonel Brecklnridge has shown im
provement during the last few hours.
• Oxygen is being administered and
It is believed he will survive until
daylight at least.
LUls Woman Who Rejected His Suit.
WICHITA, Kans^ Nov. 18.— John
3ates of this city to-night cut the
Jiroat of Katy MeCoghlan. a young
vidoTr. because she refuted to marry
iim. He then cut his own throtl. Mrs.
KcCoghlan is dead and * Bates U not
X£>«cted to live.
Sickness Compels Him to Leave Ban
quet Hall Before Completing His
Response to a Toast.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— Secretary
Paul Morton of, the navy was taken
111 to-night at the dinner of the Society
of Naval Architects and Marine En
gineers at Delmonlco's.
He had been . assigned to. respond to
the toast "The President of the United
States." as he represented President
Roosevelt at the banquet. The Secre
tary; had spoken but a few moments
when he excused himself and left the
hall. »
Former Rear Admiral Bowles, who
presided,: told the guests that Secretary-
Morton was ilL and -wished him to of
fer his regrets for leaving them 00
soon. The admiral said that the Secre
tary was not seriously sick, but did
not feel' well enough to remain longer.
It was said . later - that * Mr. Morton
had left for Washington.
Before Illness compelled him to desist
Mr. Morton. In responding to the toast
"The President of the United States."
eaid he was In favor of a navy of such
efficiency that no other nation would
undertake to seek an engagement with
Will Work Under Melcalf.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 18.— Luther
Conant Jr. of New ¦ York has been ap
pointed a special ; examiner in ¦ the ;Bu
reau of Corporations * in . the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor. ; Conant
has been : for some "years financial edi
tor of the Journal : of. Commerce and
Commercial r Bulletin ; of - New -York. : •;
COLONEL BRECKINRIDGE
IS SLOWLY PASSING AWAY
BERLIN, Nov. 18. — The German
navy officers are giving close study to
the possibilities of gas engines for
propelling warships. It is reported
that the Admiralty is having a rather
large vessel fitted out here for the
purpose of making experiments.
Most of the experts evince doubt as
to the availability of gas engines of
above a few hundred horsepower, but
they agree that they could 'displace
«t*am for auxiliary machines on board
ship for loading and. unloading, for
generating electricity, .for .lighting
purposes and : also for harbor boats
and canal " tugs. i ' . . V C ;', "1 i.
German Navy Officers Are Giving
Close Study to Possibilities of
New Motor Power.
NEW YORK, Nov. IS.— A revival of
business on the. railroads entering this
city has resulted within the last six
weeks in the re-employment of more
than 20,000 men, who were dropped
from the pay rolls during a period of a
few months ending with June 1 last.
At every railroad office in New York
and Philadelphia ..the statement was
''running- 'on full, time In every, depart
ment." or "will be running on full time
very soon." ;• •
Revival in Business Creates Work for
Those Laid Off During the
Summer.
PROPELLING WARSHIPS
BY MEANS OF GAS ENGINE
>"AVAI* SECRETARY MORTOX
IS SUDDENLY TAKEN ILL
RAHiROADS RE-EMPLOY
TWENTY THOUSAXD 3EEX
OAKESDALE, Wash.. Nov. 18.— Ly
ing on a sick bed unable to arise and
give assistance to her child,* her two
year-old son, whose clothing was
ablaze, was the agonizing experience
of a mother here to-day. The tragedy
occurred at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred -Olson, four miles southwest of
Baby Olson and his brothers and
sisters were this morning playing In
the house when the children found
matches. The elder children, of
whom there are three, lighted the
matches and the baby drew near. His
clothing caught fire. When the chil
dren saw the terrible peril of their lit-
tie brother they were panic stricken.
The baby ran to the bedside of his
helpless mother and she was obliged
to He there and see her little one
scorched and singed by the burning
clothing with no one able to give as
sistance. The baby died at her side
shortly after reaching her. He in
haled the flames and drew them down
bis throat into his lungs.
The other children are all young
and do not even know the danger of
playing with matches. The mother,
who has been on a sick bed for weeks,
was severely burned about the arms.
At noon to-day she was so weak she
was not able to speak above a whisper
and her life Is now despaired of.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Helpless Mother Unable to Aid Suffering Child
2TEW YORK, Nov. IS.— Out of the
wrreck of the United States Shipbuild
er Company there will arise a rehabili
tated corporation which, if the plans
sf Charles M. Schwab are fulfilled, will
Soniiaate the world's markets for ord
nance and armament and in the manu
facture of high-grade steel goods.
~I have already laid my plans and
they are beginning to bear fruit," said
Bchwab to-day. "The Bethlehem Steel
Uompaay is to tw» the greatest producer
sf fine steel In the United States. The
Bethlehem Company has long been
noted ss a producer of fine steel and its
irademark is a synonym of perfection
n the higher and finer grades.. It has
seen content to make armor plate, but
re are now rapidly going ahead so that
re will turn cut at the Bethlehem
plant all sorts of tools, guns, gun forg
nga and the like, which will require the
fcighwt grade of workmanship.
"Now it is my intention to make the
3ethlehem plant what the Krupp works
ire to Germany and Vickers' Sons and
Uaxim and Armstrong are to Eng
*nd. We have the plant, the men. the
narket and the capital. The Bethlehem
?!ant even during the prostration in
ise ste*l business during the last
rear has earned a handsome surplus
in its preferred stock. It r ¦ r- has
:0.000 men employed at its works.
There are fifty enjrineers and scores of
Iraftsmen constantly drawing and
uventing new guns, new tools and new
nachine* to be used in the cons*ruc
3on of these implements. We are con-
Jtantly enlarging and developing.
'"By retaining the Union Iron Works
n- the Harlan ar.d HoUingsworth
>lams we will be in a position to finish
1 battieship from etexa to stern.
"I notice a dispatch from Berlin stat
ng that the Turkish Government had
>laced an order for $10,000,000 worth of
irtillery in Germany. • England and
Trance. Why does not this business
tome to the United States? I hope thai
*hen the Bethlehem plant is workine
tt its best we will be able to capture
he business of the world."
Bpt&al Dtasdch to Ti* Call.
ST. PAUL, Minn.,* Nov.- 18. — A Fernie
(B. C-) special to the Pioneer Press
says:
Fourteen miners were killed at the
Carbonado mines, near Monissey, this
afternoon as a result of an explosion
of coal gas.
The disaster occurred in No. 1 mine,
ten miles west of Fernie. The work of
rescue was kept up all afternoon and
all the bodies have been recovered.
The dead:
A. R. JEXKIN'S.
LOUIS CARTER.
PETER KENNEY.
ALBERT JOHNSON.
PATRICK BOYLE.
WILLIAM PLATT.
MIKE GUSTICK.
ANTON PREBNOCK.
VENSLA VENECKA.
MARTIN TOMZACKT.
ANTON AND JOHN KROUDSOE,
brothers.
JOSEPH SUCHY.
JAMES GREENMAN.
SEES BABE BURNED TO DEATH
The dinner was given In the state
dining room in which the decorations
were Golden Gate and Carnot roses and
ferns. The United States Marine Band
furnished the music. Among the guests
were the German Embassador and Bar
oness von Sternburg, Baron von Dem
Bussche-Haddenhausen, Major Otto
von Etzel, the r Russian Embassador
and Countess Cassinl, Acting Secretary
of State and Mrs. Loomis, Acting Sec
retary of War and Mrs. Oliver, Secre
tary of Commerce and Labor and Mrs.
Metcalf, Admiral and Mrs. . Dewey,
Lieutenant General and Mrs. Chaff ee,
Major General and Mrs. John R.
Brooke, Major General and Mrs. George
L. Glllespie. Brigadier General and Mrs.
Frederick D. Grant. Mr. and Mrs. Elihu
Root, Mr. and Mrs. C. • Tower, Mrs.
Sheridan, Miss Pauline Morton and
Miss Edith Root.
At the White House to-night Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt entertained at
dinner the Commissioners of Emperor
William at the unveiling of the statue
of Frederick :he Great to-morrow,
Lieutenant General Lowenfeld and Ma
jor Count Schemettow. The building
was handsomely illuminated.
Germany will be represented by spe
cial commissioners In addition to her
Embassador. President Roosevelt, sev
eral members of his Cabinet, other
prominent officials and distinguished
citizens, besides a multitude of invited
guests, will represent the United
States. ?:.--•••;> A .:?¦
Lieutenant General von Lowenfeld,
Baron von Sternburg and the President
are timed to arrive on the grounds
within a few minutes of each other,
and will each be escorted by a detach
ment of cavalry. »
stand erected on the steps of the war
college immediately back of the statue
and facing it and the seats of the spec
tators.
Says His Plant win
Rival Krupp
Factory.
FrigtitfulDisasterOc
curs in a Mine
Near Fernie.
FOURTEEN
PERISH IN
EXPLOSION
"I admit" that there 13 something
wrong with the accounts. " was Miss
Colby's answer to her employers. -4
"What has become of the money?"
"I don't know," and then she tossed
her head as ii she were bored very
much. . ...
But when the detectives were
brought. into service in the ho;- 2 that
they might recover some of the missing
money Miss Colby made denial of be
ins short in her accounts. "If I have
made any mistakes," she said, "and tha
ADMITS TILE SHORTAGE.
It is understood that Miss Colby
never revealed her humble occupation
to those she entertained almost regally.
Her particular object on every occasion
was to entertain .Mrs. Conger, whose
stage name Is Miss Mortoa The ac
tress was Invariably the guest of honor
and the good things were, showered
upon her. Many dollars were expended
for candles of the choicest sort. There
were gifts of this and of that, and Miss
Morton had found a friend whose kind
ly attentions were most surprising. And
to cap the climax Miss Colby pur
chased an automobile for $1700 and pre
sented it as a gift to Miss Morton.
Miss Morton has been preparing to
take the machine with her to Los An
geles, but it transpires that there is
still J900 due on it and Lercari. Pera &
Co. will also have a claim against it.
Miss Colby was in hiding last night
and stanch friends whose sympathy
has been aroused rather than condem
nation were helping her to keep out of
the way. Several telegrams were sent
by Miss Colby to her mother in, Los
Angeles yesterday to come to this city.
Miss Fanny M. Colby, bookkeeper,
found «her stipend of $50 a month in
sufficient for giving theater and auto
mobile parties at a pace that wna
lavish and she gave way to the tempta
tion of making inroads on the funds
that were entrusted to her care by her
employers. Private detectives now
have her under surveillance while Le
cari. Para & Company, commission
merchants at 415 Davis street, where
the young woman has been a trusted
employe for four years, are having
their books experted to learn the
amount of the shortage.
Louis Lecari, the head of the firm.
refuses to talk of the matter, for ha
hopes that Miss Colby's mothfer will
make good any loss if he will not
prosecute the daughter, and It was for
this reason that he engaged private
detectives. But Charles Lecaxi, a
son, declares that during the past
fourteen months the bookkeeper has
appropriated at least 510,000. This
ii regarded as an unreasonable esti
mate, however.
Miss Colby's friends, among whom Is
Supervisor John Connor, declare that
she is not mentally responsible for what
she has done. They say she seemed
to be possessed with a strange Infatua
tion for Dorothy Morton, who was the
leading woman at Fischer's and who
left for Los Angeles last evening to
take the place of Isadora Rush in tha
Glittering Gloria Company. It appears
that It was Miss Colby who sent many
of the costly floral offerings that wer«
nightly handed over the footlights to
the actress. Night after, night tha
bookkeeper purchased a box at a cost
of $3- She gave theater parties, sup
pers and automobile trips on a lavish
scale, and her hand was more than frea
with money.
MADE PRESENT OF ATTTOMOBILE.
GUN WORKS
IS PLANNED
"Your Honor," he said, "my trou
bles began when I got the sugar plan
tation fever. I hated the thought of
hearing It said that my fath*-i had
made my fortune, and I asked*Vv$ to
send me to Honolulu to learri^ugar
planting. There were 300 young men
like myself on that plantation. We got
$15 a month and board and lodging. I
saved money for two years and my ap
prenticeship was -then at an end. I
was about to return to Porto Rico,
when one night my money was stolen
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— In the line of
prisoners passing before Magistrate
Whitman to-day was a young man,
whose features and carriage marked
him among his fellows in misfortune.
His name is Germanio Redetio Maltini,
and he is a son of a wealthy Porto
Rlcan merchant. He was found on
Broadway in a weak and sickly condi
tion by Policeman Platte and arrested
on a charge of vagrancy. His clothes,
which had been soaked in the water
and mud and caked in the dust of
many roads, bore testimony to long
suffering. He told a remarkable story.
while I slept. I complained to my mas
ter. He grinned and told me I was
lying. I complained to. the police, and
they laughed at me. Thinking It pifrt
of a plot to keep me there in a sort of
slavery, I refused to work until my
money was found.
"I was suddenly taken before a court
by my master and committed to a re
form school of Honolulu, where I re
mained for two years. They took away
my own name and gave me an English
one, George Brook. I escaped at last and
managed to secrete myself on one* of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
boats. They found me and I was put
among the firemen and ma'de to work
my passage to San Francisco. Finally
I got on a freight train bound East. I
was caught 100 miles out of San Fran
cisco and put off. Then I tramped un
til at last I got to New York."
For three days and nights Maltinl
tramped the streets of this city look
ing for work. Maltini *said he could
easily return to his parents, but pre
ferred to first earn money enough to
go back looking respectable. The po
lice have secured a position for the
young man.
Special Dispatch* to The CalL
Friends Plead That Young
Bookkeeper's Mind Is
Not Right
BOYS AH AUTOMOBILE
WEALTHY PORTO RICAN
TELLS OF HARDSHIPS
Says He r Was Mistreated in Hawaii
and Was Tramp in America.
Miss Nellie Wills said that soon after
Adolph was" brought to their home he
said, "I must go home; I think my
mother is hurt; I know my little broth
er is all right, because I brought him
out of the house myself."
"Miss Theodore Wills testified that on
the nisht of the ;tragedy she said to
Adolph, "It is strange that the burning
bodies were found in "the front of the
building away from the fire." Adolph,
she said, answered, "Yes, it was
strange." .
Miss Margaret Wills testified that
Adolph had told her that night that he
had I rescued his -brother and that: he
thought' his: mother was dead. ••••: .
Under Serlff - "W. L May testified that
when he arrived at the scene of .; the
fire I he found Mrs. ' Sriowden there
shrieklricMn .anguish and calling out
and beseeching . the men to go into the
burning ¦ dwelling ; and bring 'out : her
loved ones." ¦.-„,: .. -i'"- ,'.;' ' .'.' ' r ?!.?;"
(i i'Just'atVthiS; time," said ' May. >.Vth8
Robinson placed his hand upon Ta
bor's shoulder and in a second pande
monium reigned. Men and women
jumped. upon their chairs and trampled
upon each other in their efforts to view
the prospective battle. Judge Smith
hammered upon his desk and vainly
called for order and deputy sheriffs
made their presence known by rushing
toward the belligerents. In the midst
of the din and confusion Attorney Rob
inson addressed the court: "Your Hon
or." he said, "the fact that Mr. Tabor
is a one-armed man does not give him
license to break the rules of the court.
He must adhere to them." 9
Tabor sh-ok off Robinson's hand and
drew back his one arm as if about to
strike.* But the blow was never de
livered. Deputy Sheriff May announced
himself as an officer of the court and
threatened the attorneys with arrest
if they persisted In their childish ac
tions. The threat of arrest took all
the fight out of the attorneys and they
proceeded with the case.
Later in the day Attorney Robinson
took exception to a sneer by Tabor and
appealed to the ¦ court for protection,
and almost precipitated a repetition of
the disgraceful scene of the morning.
A warning from Judge Smith, however,
nipped the second wordy war in the
bud.
Very little testimony of value was
brought out at the sessions to-day. The
main witnesses were the three Wills
sisters. It was to their home Adolph
was taken .by Adrian Wills on the
night of the fire. The young ladles
were very nervdus, and appeared great
ly embarrassed while upon the wit
ness stand. None of them. knew Adolph
Weber except by sight. ,
WTLLS GIRLS OX STAND.
EXCITLXG SCEN^.
"Ko!" emphatically answered Lu
beck.
The answer seemed to please Tabor
mightily, for he turned to the District
Attorney and suggested that he "con
fine himself to the case at bar and to
cease running around in pursuit of a
rainbow — "
Robinson interrupted Tabor by Jump
ing to his feet and ejaculating, "Or re
ports circulated by the counsel for the
defense."
Tabor hotly responded, "The insinua
tion is false," and also rose to his feet.
AUBURN, Nov. 18.—Th© petty bick
erings of District Attorne^neliy Rob
inson, who Is prosecuting young Adolph
Weber for the murde- of; bin mother,
Mary Weber. and.'Ai\^r.';^^Jx Tabor,
young Weber's le^iT representative,
that have marked their everyday ap
pearance in court since the Weber trag
edy.-culmiaftted to-day in a disgrace
ful scene at the preliminary examina
tion of the accused youth. For & time
it looked as If the < attorneys would
come to blows, but they were prevented
by a deputy sheriff.
The altercation occurred during the
examination of D. W. Lubeck, vice
president of the Placer County Bank.
The District' Attorney asked the wit
ness if it were true that Julius Weber,
father of the accused, had paid any
money into the bank to cover the loss
sustained by the institution in the rob
bery of last May, with which robbery
young Weber has been connected by
rumor.
Er«ci«l Dispatch to Tte CalL
Entertains . Actress
on Very Costly
. Scale.
Officials Says Another Than Adolph
Carried Murdered Boy From
BurniDg Home.
LAVISH IN GIFTS
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 18. — Governor
Peabody Is expected to acknowledge
defeat soon, since Miss Sadie Kennedy,
a society belle, who made a bet that
he would be re-elected, paid her wager
to-day by scrubbing a flight of steps
in the Capitol before his eyes and In
the presence of. her fashionable friends.
The party reached the Capitol in an
automobile at noon and the loser hur
ried up the steps and through the hall
to the stairway In the, center of the
building. She carried a bucket in one
hand and in the other a scrubbing
brush and a piece of soap. "Without a
moment's hesitation she grot on her
knees s.nd began to apply the soap and
water to the steps. Every stroke of
the brush brought laughter from her
friends.
When the young woman got half way
down the stairs Governor Peabody
emerged from his private office and
stopped to watch her. »
Miss Kennedy looked up at the Gov
ernor and said: "I'm doing this be
cause you couldn't win."
Everybody laughed, and the Gover
jior. visibly embarrassed, hurried away.
Deputy Sheriffs Testimony
Contradicts T&at ol
the Accused.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Miss Fanny Col
by Faithless to
Employers,
Bet That Governor Peabody Would
Be Victorious and Lost.
Course of Justice Is
Delayed f Row
of Lawyers..
PAYS AN ELECTION WAGER
MISUSES
FUNDS IN
HER CARE
WORDY WAR
INTERRUPTS
WEBER CASE
DENVER SOCIETY BELLE
SCRUBS THE STAIRS IN
THE CAPITOL BUILDING
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at Sin Francisco for
thirty hoars, enfiln* midnight Novem
ber 13:
S*n Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Eattirday; llyht northwest wlad.
G. H. TVILLEON.
Local Forecaster.
Temporarily In Charge.
The San Francisco Call.
THE THEATEHfl.
ALCAZAR— '•The Climber*."
CALIFORNIA— "A Friend or the Fam-
CENTRAL— ""Winchester."
COLUMBIA— "The County Chairman."
CHVTES — Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville,
GRAND — "The Fatal U'eddlng." .
MAJESTIC— •Hearts Aflame."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI — "The Messenger Bor-'"
Matinees at All Theaters To-Day.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1904.BAND CONCERT.— The First Infantry Band,
National . Guard ' of California. . gave a concert
»t Y. ll.i'.-A. Hail last' nlsht: Bandmaster
Hollieter was In cliarge. . x' V
MUNICH. Nov. 18.— Felix Weingartner, di
rector of 'the Berlin symphony and
who. If was reported, had been' called to Xew
York to direct the ¦> Philharmonic- conctrts, ¦ says
the rumor Is incurred. ' .
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nor. 18.— Judge- E. W.
Wells of . Frescott ' has resigned • the office of
Attorney General of " Arizona . on account of
pressing private business. Judge J. .H. KJJibey
of .Phoenix has been appointed by Governor
Erodle to succeed him. ¦ • .-.--¦
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itching. Blind, Bletding; or -Protruding Plle».
Tour druggist will refund money If PAZO OINT
MENT laila to cure you in (S to 14 day*. 50c.»
WILLOWS, Nov. IS— The. Supreme
Court has just decided the' case of
•Gatze vs. Armstrong, which was. ap
pealed from this county and which
attracted much .attention during /its
trial in" the Superior Court. Mrs., Jo
hanne Gatze deeded her property in the
town of Willows to : E. v M. Armstrong
on his promising to marry, her. He
¦afterward-' deprived her. of the use of
the property and she sued for Its re
turn. The 1 Superior Court' decided in
her favor; and the Supreme Court has
just upheld its decision. v §|gS£
Supremo Court Restores to Widow
Proi>erty Conveyed to 3Ian Who |
Agreed to Marry Her. S
RECOVERS ESTATE SHE • .
DEEDED WHILE IN LOVE
SAN DOMINGO. Nov. 18. — The
United States cruiser Detroit, arrived
here to-day. from Monte Cristi, bring
ing the American financial agent,
John T. Abbott, who is supervising the
collection of customs dutie3 there in
accordance with, the agreement re
sulting from the claims of. the Santo
Domingo Improvement Company of
New . York against the Government of
Santo Domiijgp. .The Detroit reports
that the German cruiser Panther is
at Monte Cristi. .
The German Minister is expected to
arrive here shortly on board , the Ger
man cruiser Bremen. - Quie.t prevails
here. 3Bm&£g$$B8i§ifeB£il&^£^
Financial Agent, Abbott. AVho Has
Been Collecting Customs Duties,
on Board.
AMERICAN CRUISER DETROIT
ARRIVES AT SAN DOMINGO
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 18.— Governor
Miguel A. Otero and a large party of
New Mexicans, consisting of members
of the commercial clubs of the Terri :
tory, celebrated New Mexico* day at
the World's Fair torday. Governor
Otero and party joined in ajprocessiorf
with the exposition offlcials to the Ter
ritory building, where exercises 'were
held. Later a reception was held by
Governor and Mrs. Otero.
Governor Otcro of the Territory Offic
iates nt Ceremonies at the
'World's Fair. V .
MAN AND WOMAN'. FOUND
LYING DEAD IN A BUGGY
Ballet Wounds Indicate, That It Is a
fgSjSf Case oT Murder and
Suicide.
DETROIT, Nov. 18. — At Wyandotte.
near here, to-day two policemen dis
covered a horse and buggy standing
on the street with H. J. Hillebrand
and Mrs.. W. J. Miller of Detroit lying
dead in the buggy. .Both were shot
through, the head, evidently a case of
murder and suicide. Hille
brand or the woman fired the shots is
unknown. . :
• A letter found in Hillcbrand's
pocket and written by the woman re
cently told of an intimacy between
the two and"> warned Hillebrand that
he must be careful of her husband,
•who, she said, had threatened to shoot
him. The woman's husband says he
believes her refusal to .elope with
, Hi! lebra'nd caused. the latter to shoot
her and commit suicide.
NEW MEXICO CELEBRATES
AT ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
A dispatch from Shanghai Novem
ber 10 said that the representative of
the Bancue de Paris h.ad- offered 'to
start a bank with a capital of 10,000,
000 taela provided that the ' manager
and chief accountant should .be
French.
SALONICA. Nov. 18. — During the
night of November 17. at the village
of Zabagdya. near Ghevgeli, a .Bul
garian band murdered a priest named
Stoyan. together with his two
brother?. The murderers then set fire
to the house, burning to death
Stoyan's wife and child.
Murder a Prie.n and His Brothers,
Then Burn Wife and
Child.
Dr. G. A. White, who treated young
Weber, said to-day that he diQ not
have a very definite memory nf the
case, except that Weber was treated
for a few days for fancied injuries.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 18.— Adolph J.
Weber, the young man held guilty by
a Coroner's jury of the brutal murder
of his father and mother and sister and
brother in Auburn last week, was
treated for hypochondria in the Went
worth-Igo Hospital in. this city last
December., Weber was at the hospital
for ftvfe days. His aunt, Mrs. Snowden,
Hves at the hospital at the same time,
and was treated for p. case of appen
dicitis. • • ' - ¦'", •
Accused Boy Was Treated in Sacra
iiicuio for Hypochondria.
ATROCITIES COMMITTED
BY A BULGARIAN BAND
. President Hellman of the Nevada
Bank announced yesterday that the to
ta' subscription for Japanese bonds in
San Francisco amounted to $1,412,500.
Applications for more than $30,000,000
worth of the securities were presented
in the East. The loan in both the Unit
ed States and England was an unquali
fied success.
In London, the necessary amount
was ten times subscribed in one day.
In this country, applications were re
ceived for four days. The bonds pay
7 per eent and are practically the earne
as collateral. It is the second loan
secured by the Japanese since the be
ginning of the war, but if the conflict
continues for another six months, lo
cal financiers expect this country's
capitalists will have another oppor
tunity to invest their money in Japan
ese securities.
Bonds Are Received in Period
of Four Days.
Applications for $1,412,500 Worth of
nf the Kastoropny
ST PETERSBURG, Nov. 18.— At the
Admiralty here great pleasure is ex
pressed over the disposition manifested
by the commander of the United States
cruiser New Orleans at Chefu to join in
the protection of the Russian torpedo
boat destroyer Rastoropny against a
repetition of the Ryeshltelnl incident,
but this time the Russians were deter
mined to take no chances of their ves
sel being cut out and Commander Pe
lem's advices to the Admiralty-cou
firm the report that he was under or-
Slavs Determined to Prevent Capture
SHANGHAI, Nov. IS.— The Chinese
Government has refused the offer of
the Banque de Paris to advance money
toward the establishment of an Im
perial Bank of China in "return for
the control of tho same.
With Their Officers Turned
Down.
Proposal to Start an Inv»erinl Bank
CHINA P.EJi:CTS OFFER
O? \ FRENCH FINANCIERS
CHICAGO, Nov. 18. — Nearly all Ihe
testimony in the case of the Texas
Cattle Raisers' Association against the
Southwestern railway companies, now
being heard before the Interstate
Commerce Commission, has been tak
en. The attorneys for the railway
companies closed their case to-night,
but the commission will convene to
morrow morning to hear additional
evidence from the other side.
In the hearing of the case traiHc
managers, superintendents and officers
of seven raliroad companies testified
and without exception the rate3 were
declared to be exceptionaily low when
all difficulties were considered. One
of the witnesses did not think the
rates were even compensatory.
Conclude Their Defense Against Texas
RAILWAY MEN THINK
LIVESTOCK RATES LOW
Cntllc Raisers Before Interstate
Commerce Board. > '
Russian Shins Author Off Fakkeborjr.
FAKKF.BERG; Denmark. Nov. 18.—
The second division of the Russian*Bal
tic squadron has arrived here and is
anchored near the lighthouse. .
V'iiCv .,. ? . .
BAN FR ANCI.SCO PEOPLE
LEND JAPS BIG AMOUM
The second article provides the
mode of procedure prior to appealing
to the court and the third provides
that the agreement shall be con
cluded for a term of five years.
LONDON, Nov. 18.— The Anglo-
Portuguese treaty of arbitration, the
signing of which was announced by
King Edward at the state banauet at
Windsor Costle on 'November 16. was
issued to-night. It contains only three
artioler. The first article provides
that differences of a Iesral nature or
relating to the Interpretation of ex
isting treaties which cannot be settled
diplomatically shall be referred to the
permanent court of arbitration at The
Hague, providing "it does not affect
the vital Interests, independence or
honor of the two contracting states
ahd does not concern the interest of
third parties."
Text of the Anglo- Portuguese Con
tention of Arbitration Is
Made Public.
READY TO BIjOW UP VESSEL.
Mobilization of St. Petersburg Reserv
ists Is Expected Next Week.
ST. P^TSRSBUIIG, Nov. 19. 2:05 a.
m. — Efmperor Nicholas will leave for the
Caucasus, on December 3 to- bid farewell
to the Circassian cavalry. The mobil
ization of reservists in St. Petersburg,
it is expected, will be announced next
week. While the reservists of the pro
vince in which St. Petersburg is In
cluded were called to the colors some
time ago the actual mobilization at the
Russian capital has been postponed as
long as possible. . *.
It is reported on apparently grmd au
thority that the meeting of the Zemst
vos, which was scheduled for to-day,
has been postponed.
XEW TREATY CONTAINS
ONLY THREE ARTICLES
TO CALL OUT MO11E TROOPS.
Japanese Ofllcers Command Bandits.
HARBIN. Nov. 18.— The report is cir r
culated here to-night that 2000 Chi
nese bandits, under Japanese officers,
are moving toward the railroad com
munications below Tie Pass.
ST. P?:TEKiSBURG. Nov. IS.— The
newspapers to-day devote long articles
t<- praise of Lieutenant General Stoes
sel ard the heroic earrison of Port Ar
thur and to a general indorsement of
the movement started at Kieff for a
national subscription in behalf of th*»
families of the killed and surviving de
fenders.
Russian Press Praises Brave Stoessel.
WASHINGTON. Xov. IS. — Prince
Fuahimi. his party and his escorts,
left Washington to-day for St. Louis.
Before leaving, on behalf of the
Prince, A Sato, grand muster of the
household of his imperial Highness,
Prince Fushimi, made a statement re
turning thanks for the good will and
courteous attention shown him by the
people of the United States.
At St. Louis an elaborate pro
grariime for the reception of the
Prince has been planned. The Prince
and party is scheduled to leave San
Francisco, on December 28 for home.
As personal gift from the Mikado,
Prince Fushimi sent to Mrs. Rooseveit
and 5lrs. Hay, wife of the Secretary of
State; teakwood chests mounted in solid
silver, each containing costly silks, em
broideries, fans, carving and other ar
ticles of Ja»>anese workmanship.
Before Depart ing lVom Washington
He Returns Thanks for the Cour
teous Attention Shown Him.
PRINCE FUSHIMI STARTS
FOR THE EXPOSITION CITY
The discontent of the Koreans is in
creasinK. Oases of armed resistance
to the Japanese are reported. A fierce
northwest gale is raging off this coast.
POSS1ET BAY. Siberia, Nov. 18.— Ac
cording to estimates made here, ex
clusive of the garrison of their Yalu
River positions, the Japanese have
23.000 men in Korea, including 600 at
Gensan, 2300 at llamheung and detach
ments at Hamkyoung, whence scouting
parties k<> as far as Poukechen.
Cases of Armed Resistance to the tlnp
uncsc Are Reported.
KOItEANS ARE DISCONTENTED.
HKLL. Knglar.d. Xov. 18.— The Board
of Trade inquiry into the actual occur
rences off Dogger Bank on October '22
closed with yesterday's session and the
commissioners will report to the Board
of Trade as speedily as possible.
At the opening of to-day's session
the commissioneis and others paid high
tributes to the gallantry of the mem
bers <«f the fishing lleet. Dr. V.'ood-
J->oupe. representing th<» Russian Gov
ernment, feaid he would like to say in
*>ehalf <>f thos'; he represented how
much they regretted U hat had occurred
and how he agreed with the Remarks
concerning the bravery <<f the fisher
men. It would *;ive him the greatest
pleasure to convey the purport of those
remarks to the Ilttsslan G<->v<?rnment.
The curt then heard evidence "re
garding the financial circumstances of
in*? killed and injured fishermen and
those dependent on them and claims
were put in.
Commissioners Making Thorough In
quiry Into Dogger Hank Tragedy.
'"I met Miss Colby by accident." said
Supervisor Connor last night. '"She
had a position where she was earning
$1 a week. I took pity on her and got
her the position with the commission
firm. I asked her how she could afford
to go automoblling so often and she
explained that she was a selling agent
for the' company."
firm has lost any money my mother
will reimburse it. I have no money,
but she has a little property."
Miss Colby was at all times correct
in her habits, her friends assert, and
only the strange fascination for Miss
Morton and the desire to entertain the
actress in lavish style are given as the
causes of her downfall.
Lercarl and Pera are convinced that
while they have been trucking- pota
toes .and. hustling 1 fruit boxes in des
perate endeavor to make their business
a go; Miss Colby has been taking all
the profits to make spectacular dis
play as one who entertained actresses.
Her favorite method, it appears, was to
represent to her employers that she
had paid their accounts with other
firms and to appropriate the money to
her own use. Lercari's credit la very
good and the fact that he let accounts
run for a long time never gave his
creditors concern. By accident the firm
learned a bill supposed to be paid was
still owing and an investigation was at
once started. •
Secretary Hitchcock to-day denied
the report that the resignation of Com
missioner Ware had resulted from a
lack of harmony between himself and
the Commissioner.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— The ques
tion was raised to-day as to the date
when the resignation of Commissioner
of Pensions Ware takes effect.. The
resignation .was dated November 13 and
.was accepted by the -President the next
day. Nither in the resignation, nor in
the acceptance was any date specified
when*the resignation : should become
operative.' ; : .:> H'.' ; •¦*.' 7 ' <-•
¦ Secretary Hitchcock brought the con
tention concerning the. date of the res
ignation to the attention of the Presi
dent at the meeting of the Cabinet and
was told by him that he had made an
indorsement on Ware's letter accept
ing the resignation to take effect on
January 1. This has the effect of ex
tending the Commissioner's oface until
the time specified in the indorsement. -
in His Resignation Failed to
_ Specify Date. /
Commissioner of Pensions, However,
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
The Russians continue their spirited
sorties, using hand grenades in their
attacks upon the saps.
The Japanese* discovered, it is said,
the location of the arsenal and centered
thHr artillery Uro upon It. After drop
ping 'Mi shells in the locality they sue
oeedrd Jn blowing up the arsenal.
The Japanese are widening their saps
and are using them to move their guns
forward.
Tc»i;iO. Nov. IS.— A telegram from
MonJI reports the destruction of an
oth'?r Russian afsensal nnd magazine
at Port Arthur.
other Magazine at Port Arthur
Japanese Saitl to-llnve Destroyed An-
WAKE TO HOLD OFFICE
TO FIRST OF 'THE YEAH
LIBEL SUIT FILED.— Another milt for $r>0.-
CC!» for Ijbel was brought yesterday by Cray
Brothers "aj?alr.«t the owners and editor of the
Bulletin. The contractors complain of «n arti
cle published en Xovember 1. which they ««y 19
false, malicious and fematory and intended to
convey the meaning that they wer« Injuring
the city's credit.
MISS MORIOI'S CHARMS,
Under ordinary circumstances Young
would have to give six months' notice
to the Glasgow corporation, but the
municipality was so delighted at the
honor conferred on their tramway
manager that they agreed to release
him In order to enable him to at once
take up his duties in London. Although '
Young was not aware of the fact, Yer- ,
kes has been keeping his eye on the de- {
velopment of Glasgow's tramway ;
schemes, which are recognized as the j
best and most progressive in KUrope; 1
in fact Glasgow's tramways have abJ
ways been held u:> as a model for all
the trann\a> schemes of the country
and Young's name has been closely j
identified with their success. ;
Young's career is an example of men !
who have risen from small beginnings.!
He entered the service of the Glasgow!
corporation in 1875 as superintendent j
of street cleaning with about 200 men j
under his? control. When the munici- j
pality decided to run their own tram
ways his selection as manager caused .
no less surprise than Yerkes' offer :
caused. In his new appointment he will j
have the control of 3000 or 4000 men and
his salary will be a princely one. Or- |
ganlzation anc! attention to detail are i
Young's strong points and these are the j
qualifications that commend them- j
selves most to Yerkes when he has any i
important appointment to make. i
Young was the first president of the 1
Municipal Tramways Association and!
in that capacity he visited the United j
States investigating tramway methods;
in the different cities and towns I
throughout the Union. -It was during j
one of thes^ excursions that he came j
under the observation of Yerkes. . •
1 think It rlfj'ut I shouM let you know that
I have been unexpectedly offered an important
rest by Charles T. Yerkes. chairman of the
Underground Electric Railway, of t&ndon, a*
his rlRht-hand man la the control. of the tuDss
¦ nd tramways of hiu companies. . l^vasnot
locking- for a new flpld of operation.'* but this
proposition has come to rm» !n> puch- a way
that I coiiM not fln<3 any sufficient reason-for
declining it. , - ;.
LONDON, Nov. 18.— When it was an
nounced recently that Charles T. Yer
kes had appointed a provincial' tranv
way employe to be c his "right-hand
man" in the management of his mul
tifarious train and tramway schemes in
London, business men. generally looked
at one another in - amazement. -John
Young, the manager of Glasgow's mu
nicipal tramways is the lucky man and
it appears that his selection ; for. the
responsible position has come as a com
plete surprise to himself. On the 30th
of September last he wrote a letter to
the Lord Provost of Glasgow 'in "which
he said:
KEWIA APPOINTED MANAGER.OF
THE EXTENSIVE TRAMWAYS OF "
CHARLES T. YEHKES.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Mrs. Snowden will be the first witness
called and highly interesting develop
ment e> are expected. She occupied a
beat near the witness stand to-day and
took an intense interest in the proceed
ings.
Attorney Tullen said to-day that if
Adolph Weber was held for trial by
Jud«K Wraith he would immediately ap
ply fur :i writ of habeas corpus.
Weber was as cool and composed as
usual tu-day. although he begins to
show tho terrible strain he is laboring
under. He is much thinner than he
was at the beginning of the proceed
ings and his face looks tired and worn.
He said to-day that he was feeling well.
Hfi rlfcllned to he. photographed. He is
very anxious to read newspaper com
ments on the ct-.se. but is not allowed
to read them. He is also mutfi inter
ested in the pictures in the case that
arc bglng published and asked that a
collection of the pictures be made for
him. ¦ ¦i-'--V:4iit'X^
WEBER IX HOSPITAL.
She then went on with her house
hold duties and heard nothing more
from the Weber locality until the fire
broke out.
F. E. Brye testified that he helped
carry the body of Bertha from the
burning dwelling.
I>ate in the afternoon District Attor
ney Robinson offered in evidence the
statement that Adolph Weber made
before the Coroner's inquest Monday
night. In this statement Adolph said
that he had. carried his little brother,
Earl, from the burning building. No
testimony has yet come up that in any
way supports this assertion. The Dis
trict Attorney «nd counsel for the ac
cused entered into an argument on the
subject arid Judge Smith ended the ses
sion by announcing that he would take
the question of the admission of the
statement under advisement. The hear
ing was then adjourned until to-mor
row morning at 10 o'clock.
WANTS TO SEE PAPERS.
t May further stated that he only saw
four men on the porch. They were C.
Gear. Guy Luken3, Fred Landis and
George Ruth.' He was most positive
in his /assertion that he did not see
Adolpri at' any stage of the proceed
ing. _He could -not sweiir that Adolph
was not 'there, but he could swear, he
said, that he did. not see him.- '
This statement of May is in. direct
refutation of the statement. made by
Adolpii^tet, thff; Coroner's inquest on
Monday? rifght. jvhen Adolph stated
that he, hOself. had carried the' baby-
Karl out of. -the, burning dwelling:.sv - ;
-¦MrcVAmellai -Kcchenmacher
fied that t she . \Vi»s/tf"hear. neighbor of
the Webers andrthfit at <J;4Q p. m.,
last Thursday, £ht> heard some one
playing the piano in the Weber resi
dence. ! ' . •
body of- Bertha was . carried out
through the window. Immediately af
ter*'tile; bringing" out of the body of
Bertha George Ruth appeared at the
windo\f of the room with littlo Earl
in his arms. Ruth was nearly over
come by the smoke and he dropped
the baby on the front porch. As -the
fresh air struck .Ruth, it revived him,
and he stepped out upon the porch,
picked the .baby up and gave it to me.
1 taok -the^boy down to the lawn,
placed him in a chair and wrapped
lace curtains around him. The baby
was gasping for breath, and only lived
a few minutes. While I was bending
over the baby, Ruth rushed up and
said:. T did good work, I saved the
baby." "- • ; \
FOUR. 3IEN ON PORCH.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
WORDY WAR IN WEBER CASf.
It is probable that Russia will send
a fifth officer, detached from the trans
pert Kamchatka, to Paris. He will t»\?«
tify to sseinir torpedo-boats thirty mile*
behind the battleship division and to
wireless messages whith were ex
changed with the flagship.-' *
LONDON, Nov. 18.— Great Britain
has not yet accepted the modifications
of the North Sea convention proposed
by Kussia. The draft of the conven
tion, which has now ha<I an interest
ing career, is in London and proposals
s=n<I counter proposals on the rubject of
th^ wording continue to be exchanged
between the British Foreign Office and
the Russian embassy. A satisfactory
conclusion of tfc«\=e exchanges is antici
pated Fhortly, though it probably will
be next week before the convention 's
actually Pipnf-d. One of th^ chief dif
ficulties is to I'nd a satisfactory equiva
lent In French for the J^nglifh word
• bu "" e " ._
STILL TARING TKSTI.MO.N'i
§T. PETERSBURG. Nov. 18.— The
statement in these dispatches yesterday
that a supplementary article in the
Anglo-Russian North Sea convention
¦will cover any similar misunderstand
ings in the future was incorrect.
The French text, proposed by Russia.
which is a compromise between the
oiiginal English and the French text
proposed by Russia, is now under con-
Bideration by the British Government.
Great Britain Has Not Accepted Mod
ifications Proposed by Russia.
NORTH SEA CONVENTION.
Among the Americans here negotiat
ing with the Russian Government is
J. Wilson, who is trying to sell an in
vention of smokeless powder.
Theodore S. Darling, who has options
on the dynamite guns at San Francisco
which were recently sold by the United
States, is trying to negotiate their sale
to Russia with a view to their ship
ment to Vladivostok. ;.;;>;
SHELLS DROP OX ARSENAL.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 19.—Amer
ica is likely to profit, both directly and
Indirectly, from the execution' of 'the
large naval programme which Russia
is now elaborating. ' .-
The vital importance of the sea
power has been Russia's "bitterest les
son of the war, and the Government is
fully determined that the maintenance
of the empire's future position as a
first-crass power will be impossible
without an adequate navy. While
some of the contracts will be placed
abroad, owing to the limited facilities
of Russian yards (and it Is expected
that at least one big ship, will be con
structed in America), the Admiralty's
•plans will be directed toward ultimate
divorce from dependence upon foreign
shipbuilders by the organization at
home of vast shipbuilding, armor plate,
or'dnance and kindred industries.
for Russian Government.
Likely to Receive Oilier to Build Ship
LONDON. Nov. 19.— The Dally Mail's
Et. Petersburg correspondent says that
Lieutenant' General Stoessel's report
expresses a firm conviction that he will
b*» able to hold out at Port Arthur un
ti! the Baltic squadron arrives in
March on the condition that he is sup
plied with munitions and Ftores. The
Government, the correspondent adds.
has Instructed its agents abroad to
supply Lieutenant General Stoessel's
requirements at any cost.
ders to blow Up .the 'Rastbrophy if the
Japanese appeared off the harbor.
A31EKICA MAY PROFIT.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 18. — General Stocsgel has telegraphed to
Kmpcror Nicholas Uiat Port Arthur can hol«l out for several months.
Ml'KDEX. Xov. 18. — On the morning or November 17, after a long
silence, the distant roar of cannon was heard, but where the fighting
occurred Is not >et known. There J* no assurance yet that h means that
a general fight is beginning. No excitement is yet displayed among Rus
sian officers or Chinese here. . . ' . . ':•'*:'.'.
•WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— President
Roosevelt has ordered the Department
of Commerce to thoroughly investigate
the petroleum industry of the .United
States.- .The object is to ascertain
whether the Standard Oii Company' is
an illegal combination in resti-alnt of
trade. The Bureau of Corporations will
make the investigation. James R. Gar
flcld, commissioner c-f corporations and
a personal friend of the President, is
to have charge. The investigation is
to be more thorough than any trust in
quiry yet instituted.
The ; President, it is stated, has ; de
termlned that the Standard Oil' mbnop
o\y shall be broken, and anticipating
a Jong, hard fight he has issued instruc
tions that it be begun immediately in
order \ that : it shall be cc-mpleted be
fore his term of office expires.- ¦• .
. Special agents of the Bureau of Cor
porations ere to be sent over the United
StatO3 to make preliminary investiga
tions, as was done in, the case of the
beef trust. ; . , . "'
f-De'cial Dispatch to The Call.
STOESSEL STILL HOLDS FORTRESS
Will Be More Thorough Than
Anything That Has Been
Directed Against a"Trust
G AIRFIELD IN -.CHARGE
Soufid of Distant Conflict Does
Not Alarm Residents
Koosevelti Starts an Inves
tigation Into the Big
Rockefeller Corporation
ROAR OF CANNON
HEARD AT MUKDEN
INQUIRY INTO
STANDARD OIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 19. 19Q-4.
YEBKES' MANAGER
IS A FAVORITE IN
CITY OF GLASGOW
2
To Cure a Cold iniOne Day
Take Letxatlv* Bromo - Quinine -Tablets. -'All
druggists: refund the money If It falls, to cure,
£. W. Grove's signature la on'cach box. 25c*
Radically and permanently cure it-
strengthen and tone the- stomach and
other digestive organs for the natural
performance of their functions.'
"Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
request. C. 1. HOOD CO., Lowell. Maw.
Nausea between meals, belching, vom-
iting, flatulence, fits 'of nervo'us head-
ache, pain in the stomach, are all
symptoms of dyspepsia, and the longer
it is neglected the harder it is to cure it.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Distress
After Eating
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Isn't he fine," mur-
mured Cream Pitcner,
"rich, golden brown and
aromatic. It Is a pleasure
to £ive myself to Golden
Gate and crown him
with jjlory/*
"Think you 're the whole
show, do you?" growled
Sugar Bowl. "What is
coffee without sugar.
"I'm the one that adds
the finishing touch."
"There, don't quarrel,**
said Golden Gate, "it
takes you both to com*
plete the dream.**
¦ : : '/j: -••• •-¦ .
ftotfclnd does wrlth GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE but satisfaction. >o
priica— bo coupons — no crockery.
1 and 2 lb. aromo-tUhl lias.
Never sold la bulk.
J. A. Folger <SL Co.
E»tabli»Hcd Half % Century
San Francisco
.igf^vEvery Woman .
jfSS^Ss «\ v' • \V a, «» latertBtcd sn J shonU know I :
fc^"l"NiV\« a Cwtn abont tile wonderful
fi^t^«\\xU«« ¦ MARVEL Whirling Spray
•^f^GS^^-X. tiotiar.4 H-trtion. B«st— S*f-
1 ,. , Ht-Mint Conrwuent.
i>^«S^T^>i in !•»<<¦« Ia.1i1.ti7!
i.k j«r*r«r»'«t fcrlt. \, yKL__ — -^CT^-***
If hf ri\nno* »upplT th« V /«^y~;™ T^.-'ys
JWnVKL. »««i.-t b« MJrx " w **-S--^rv— ¦
other, but »'nd stamp for X j^>A;'\s
IIlnstratedbook-»»«i»<«. I»ciTe» \\. f ! '>f/jT
filU particulars ami t!irMT:..:n In- &. / M
Talti.ible to ladles M.»r.Vi;tca, v M,i ( j. S
41 FarbttOTr, ,\en lork. "*******
1B2 New Monizcmery. San Franciaocr. Cal. '.
William HAttferoUi (Ladies' D«pc). Tit 3utter.
Union Drue Co.. 4C0 Suttor nnd ICO Stocktoa.
Oicood Broiher*. . . .t£ ar.il £roadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 EUla
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Discharges.
A CURE IX IS HOL-RS.
P. ' ft PAT£NTSl J)
\g5r330 MARKET ST.SJ.>S^ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 sweeten, Dispels colds and I
;::|^^SiJ[ To refresh, . ., / headaches when 1
IH^^^^^w To cleanse the I bilious" or con- 1
.. Iff \ ' Effectually ¦ 1 For men, women I
W^^ )and GenUy; \ and children; 1
1&" iSSSSj^ There is only \ Acts. best* on I
fflf/ W0U§it one Genuine (§ the kidneys
| tj^^p^S^Hf : Syrup .of Figs; \ and liver
l^^^^^A to| get its bene- J stomach and
;; iSilSv:i21feliife:|. ficiol effects i bowels;'
Always buy the genuine —Manufactured by the I
Kl^tbulviUe, Ky. | . . Swv ""*n c ' s<:o » Cal - Hev/YorkJiX. I.
f :|| The genuine Sytxsp of Figs is for sale by all first-class druggists. The I
¦fcjV- full came of the company — California Fig Syrup Co.— is always S
1§ - printed on the front of every package. Price Fifty Cents per bottle.
7 HELLER & FRANK f'
clot'h'i Vr's
WE OPEN WITH THE
NEWEST STOCK. OF
1; COURSE jt NEW IDEAS W
2» IDEAS. IN FACT. GIVE '<§>
fTHE HALL MARK^O
OUR CLOTHES Jt MOST «£
MODERATE PRICES S
C>| TOO Jt CALL TO-DAY. R
gf TWON'T TAKE YOU 5
S OUT OK YJOUR WAY S
§ MARKETSTREET 3
g AND GRANT AVENUE %
pi * ' ... • H,Reception to British Delegates.
William Abraham, 11. P., and Mr.
FALL RIVER, Mass., Nov. 18.— The
news that the American Federation of
Labor has voted to raise $75,000 In aid
of the textile strikers was received Joy
ously by the officers of the various
textile unions and the strikers in gen
eral. The newspapers issued extra
editions containing the announcement.
The action at San Francisco is re-
Joyously Receive News of Action Tak
en by Federation of Labor.
STRIKERS ARE JUBILANT.
SOVEREIGN DYING.
Former Head . or Knights of Labor
Victim of Hemorrhage.
WALLACE, Jdaho, Nov. 18.— James
11. Sovereign ' was seized with a
hemorrhage of the brain this evening
and i&$ hot expected to live through
the night. Sovereign was master
workman of the Knights of Labor
durhrg their strongest period and also
served as president of the Western
Federation of Miners.
The seizure this evening came while
he was at- his home with his wife
and family. Medical assistance was
promptly summoned, but late to-night
the physicians stated that the chances
for' 'life lasting till morning were
small.
The following call for a convention
has been issued:
The fifth annual convention of the California
State Federation of Labor is to be held In Sac
ramento on January 2.
Immediately after the issuance of the call
for the California State Federation convention
the Citizens 1 Alliance issued a call for a con
vention of Citizens' Alliances to be held in
Sacramento on the same date as that of the
State Federation. , " . ...
All labor organizations eligible for repre-
Sacramento Gets Convention.
The delegates of the Amalgamated
Carpenters and Joiners' Union of Amer
ica to the convention of the American
Federation of Labor were entertained
by the members of local No. 800 in Car
men's Hall last night. After the regu
lar business session of the union
speeches were given by local aJid visit-
Ing members, refreshments were freely
dispensed and the visitors otherwise
entertained.
Charles A. Nelson, president of the
local union, was chairman of the even
ing. Among the specialties on the pro
gramme was a piano solo by Professor
Dellepiane, a monologue by Kenneth
McLean, sailor's hornpipe by R. Rin
toul, bagpipe selections by J. Bane,
solos by M. S. Morrison, F. Everett,
Jack Hood, George Larsen and S. G.
Nelson. An exhibition or boxing w.as
given by Robert and Joseph Lundie of
the Olympic Club.
The delegates who spoke were: Harry
B. Thomas of Cleveland. William Fife
of New York, ! Ben Forsythe of St.
Louis and P. H. McCarthy of this city.
The addresses were vigorous and stirred
those assembled to a high pitch of en
thusiasm. A note of warning against
the "open shop" was sounded and the
members urged to stand shoulder to
shoulder and fight together.
I The committee of arrangements,
which deserves praise for its splendid
work, consists of: P. Riddle, C. L. Nel
son, J. M. Pointon, W. H. Wyman, J.
Falconer, D. Sell . and J. Wilson.
Delegates to the Convention Are En
tertained at a Smoker.
RADCLIFFE-S SECOND TRIAL SET.— The
case of Harry Radcliffe. charged with the mur
der of Andrew Riley at Ninth and Sheridan
streets on June 28. was called in Judge Cook's
court yesterday to be again set for trial. The
Jury at the first trial stood nine for acquittal
ar.d three for conviction. It was decided that
th" second trial should proceed on December 7.
SANTA ANA. Nov. IS.— The Leaguo
of California Municipalities this after
noon elected as officers for the coming
year the following:
Mayor L. O. Stephens of Fresno,
president; J. J. Hanford of San Ber
nardino, first vice president: J. E.
Brown of San Jose, second vice presi
dent: H. A. Mason of San Francisco
(Incumbent), secretary.
Chlco was chosen as the place' for
meeting next year from among four.
candidates for the honor — Sacramento,
Chlco. Yreka and Santa Cruz.
Body Elects Xerv Officer* and Selects
Chico as the Next Meeting
Place.
LEAGUE OF CALIFORNIA
MUNICIPALITIES ADJOFRNS
A resolution in behalf of the Amal
gamated Meat Cutters and Butcher
Workers* Union was reported, asking
for an organizer at the expense of the
federation. The matter was referred
to the executive council.
Only one session was held yesterday.
Owing to the lack of reports from
committees, an' adjournment was taken
after the noon recess to enable the
committees to meet and consider the
matters before them. The convention
will resume at 9:30 a. m.- to-day..
We nroDose to give the milkers of Los An
geles County. San Dle*ro County and wherever
there may be milkers all the autonomy in
these matters that it is poselble to give them.
And I wifh to say in conclusion that it Is only
by extendlns th» terms of this charter so as
to cover the State that organization among
the milkers can be made possible at all. I
would ask the delegates to make it their busi
ness to make a visit of Just one day in thl*
State befor* they go to their homes and ne« if
our claim is not a Just one. and that some de
parture be made, If necessary, from the ordi
nary custom of th« federation in order to res
rue the men of that craft from the terribly
degraded conditions under which they are la
boring, w .'
Robert 5?. Maloney of Lawrence.
MaF?.. spoke in favor of aiding the
Fall River textile workers.
Frank K. Foster of the International
Typographical Union, a delegate from
Boston, favored giving assistance to
tho Fall River strikers and spoke at
length.
VOTE TO RAISE MONEY.
Federation Votes to Assist Strikers of
Fall River.
After speeches by Delegates Lennon
and Gilthorpe. the resolution with the
Driscoll amendment, that the federa
tion levy an assessment of one cent
per week for a period of three weeks
en every member, and after that time
tr. refer the matter to tho executive
council with power to levy further as
ffwmpnts, was adopted unanimously.
It is estimated that the assessment
will amount to about $100,000 in total.
The Milkers' Protective Union No.
S S 61 of San Francisco, in a resolution
Introduced by Frank Bricker, appealed
for action "'that will enable the milkers
«>f the State of California to organize
under a single head." Tho preamble
Boot and Shoe Workers' Union, Local
No. 39, gave a reception to the dele
gates to the American Federation of
Labor In Foresters' Hall last night. The
programme included addresses by both
visiting and local officers of the union,
interspersed with vocal and • Instru
mental selections. The hall "was crowd
ed and a hearty reception accorded the
speakers, whose remarks urging unity
of action and purpose evoked rounds of
applause. The members of the union
were accompanied by members of the
fair sex and at the conclusion of the
regular programme dancing was en
joyed. The guests of honor were: John
F. Tobin and C. P. Lovely, president
and vice president, respectively, of the
international body, and Charles E. Low
ell, Emmett T. Wall and John P. Mead,
delegates. The reception committee
consisted of James Crosby, William
Sullivan and Adam Smith. The pro
gramme was as follows:
Opening remarks. Past President V.
Stephens; address of welcome, O. F.
Toohy, president local No. 339; address,
Charles Woodall. president local No.
216; vocal solo (selected), W. Kerhan;
address.Charles E. Lowell; address.Em
mett T. Wall; address, John P. Mead;
vocal solo (selected), Charles Geen; ad
dress, Vice President C. P. Lovely; vo
cal solo (selected). Miss T. Cain: ad
dress, President John F. Tobln.
Interesting Addressees Are Listened to
. by Boot and Shoe Workers.
Resolved, That we recommend to Governor
elect Adams that, when he becomes Governor
of Colorado, his promises to maintain the civil
authority above the military be rigidly adhered
to, that In the future the good name of Colo
rado will not be sullied by acts of violence and
oppression, and -that the name of Adams may
stand out In bold contrast for the good as
against the name cf Peabody. whose acts are
known to have been in opposition to the best
interests of the people of Colorado and of this
country. .
Resolved. That the San Francisco Labor
Council, in regular meeting: assembled Novem
ber IS. 1004. hereby tenders to the Western
Federation | of Miners and the people cf the
State of Colorado our sincere congratulations
upon the defeat of Governor Peabody, and ten
der our best wishes for an administration In
the Interests of the people of Colorado; and, be
It further
The Labor Council last night elected
H. M. Alexander of the Typographical
Union and George Benham, secretary
of the State Council and representa
tive of the Printinff Pressmen's Union,
as representatives at the State Federa
tion convention to be held at Sacra
mento in January. John Golden,
president of the United Textile Work
ers," Union of Fall River, Mass.: John
Siangan of Chicago, J. C. Shaughnessy
of St. Louis. Mp.. and J. M. Malone of
Boston were introduced and each of
them made short addresses on the
cause of organized labor.
Open house entertainment will be
given Monday evening at the Alcazar
building by the Woodworkers* Union
to the visiting members, Thomas I.
Kidd, general secretary; H. D. Mul
cahy, general president; Richard
Braunchweig and C. Miller.
Journeymen Tailors' Union No. 2
will entertain J. B. Sherman. J. H.
Woods and other visitors at the Al
cazar building Monday evening.
The Labor Council adopted the fol
lowing resolutions:
H. M. Alexander and George Benham
Will State Labor
Convention.
GIVEN A RECEPTION.
ELECT REPRESENTATIVES.
Wignall. the British delegates to the
labor convention, will be given a re
ception at the Academy of Sciences Hall
next Friday evening under the auspices
of the Cymrodorlon Society. The fol
lowing evening, at fhe Occidental Ho
tel, the Welsh colony will give them, a
banquet, presided over by Professor
Thomas Price. Mr. Abraham Is a
preacher and will occupy the pulpit of
the Welsh Presbyterian Church, Four
teenth street, near Valencia, next Sun
day, speaking in English at the morn
ing service and Welsh at the evening.
and resolution in this regard were as
follows:
Whereas. Milkers' Protective Union No. 8<53l
of San Francisco has endeavored for some
years pan to thoroughly organize the dairies
in that city and vicinity, but such work haa
been rreatly imr>eded by reason of the fact
that thf»se dairies come into direct competition
¦with the products of dairies in other localities,
the employes of which are entirely unorgan
ized : and
Whereas, These latter employes refuse to
recognize the Milkers 1 Protective Union on the
Krrund that the latter has x\o Jurisdiction out
ride the limits o£ San Francisco; therefore be
It
Resolved. By the American Federation of
Labor, in annual convention assembled, that
the executive council is hereby authorized and
instructed to make such change In the seo
rraphical jurisdiction of Milkers" Protective
Union No. 8861 of San Francisco as'rhall en
able that body to organize the milkers of the
State of California under a single head.
GOES TO THE COUNCIL.
Milkers' Resolution Is Sent by Con
vention to Executive Body.
Some discussion took place, in
which the speakers were Sullivan,
Macarthur, Westoby. Devine, Mitch
ell, Zaring and others. A motion to
refer the matter to the executive coun
cil with a favorable recommendation
was lost. It was voted to refer to the
committee without any recommenda
tion.
Macarthur said in part:
Now I proijose to organize these people this
way, Mr. President and delegates: W« pro
pose that the representatives cf the Milkers'
Union of San Francirco and the orsanlzers of
the American federation be furnished with a
charter that recognizes their right to organize
the men of that craft throughout th« State,
and whenever a sufficient number of them are
organized to hold local m«»etings that they
fhall be given a certain amount of local au
thority and government in their respective lo
calities. It is not a question, as has been
suggested, of the few milkers in San Francisco
legislating for the entire State: not at all.
CARPENTERS ARE HOSTS.
Borden further said that the ques
tion of reopening the seventy-five mills
on Monday depends on the disposition
of the operatives.
Thomas A. O'Donnell, secretary of
the Wool Spinners' Union, said: "I con
sider the report from San Francisco
very encouraging. I think that the
manufacturers now will see the wis
dom of doing something to end the
controversy."
"The action of the American Federa
tion of Labor," said Secretary James
Whitehead of the Weavers' Union,
'•means added* strength and support
for the strikers and will be the means
of prolonging the strike if the notices
of the reduction are not taken down.
The next step now must be made by
the manufacturers. No concessions
will be made by the labor men."
Nine of the cotton manufacturing
plants which started last Monday In
an attempt to break the big strike were
shut down to-day. Three others say
they have made gains.
'"The assessment levied by the Amer
ican Federation of Labor will have no
effect whatever on the manufacturers.
They cannot and will not make any
concessions."
garded by most of the union officers
as the only step necessary to enable
the strike to be carried to a finish. It
is estimated that it costs about $10,000
weekly to conduct the contest against
the mill owners' association.
President M. F. Borden of the Fall
River Manufacturers', Association,
when told of the labor body's action,
said:
sentation at the California State Federation of
Labor convention who have not been notified
are hereby requested to correspond at once
with the California State Federation headquar
ters.
The California State Federation convention
will be one of the larpe?* and most influential
conventions of labor ever held In the State of
California. It is the destre of all interested in
the progress or labor In this State to have the
largest representation possible, and every ef
fort attained to that end will be appreciated by
the officer? and friends of the State organiza
tion. Yours fraternally and respectfully.
O. B. BENHAM.
Secretary-Treasurer California State Federation
of Labor.
DELEGATES PROMINENT IX THE CONVENTION AND WOMAN WHO URGED THAT AID BE GIVEN FALL RIVER STRIKERS.
The police in several towns have ar
rested Socialist agitators, who have
been trying to distribute among the sol
diers leaflets inciting them to rebellion.
The most energetic action has been
taken by the War Office to check even
an attempt to create disorders. The of
ficials are supported by public opinion.
ROME, Nov. 18. — An Impressive
meeting to protest against the Inns
bruck affair. was held to-night at the
Quirinal Theater. The stage was dec
orated with the banners of Italian
cities that are still subject to Austria.
Among the notable people on the stage
were BjornsjerneBjornson and his wife,
whose, appearance was greeted with
tremendous applause.
The theater could accommodate only
a small Dart of the crowd that sought
admittance, and the police were unable
to keep in order the thousands th'at
blocked the entrance. The troops were
called into service, and after much dif
ficulty succeeded In clearing the streets
in the vicinity of the theater.
All the speakers called on the people
of Rome to make a solemn and digni
fied protest, worthy of a civilized peo
ple Jealous of their rights, against the
killing and maltreatment of fellow Ital
ians, whose only offense was that they
stood for their race In history.- nation
ality and culture. The speeches were
frequently interrupted with storms of
applause, mingled with invectives
against Austria.
An order of the day embodying the
opinions expressed by the speakers was
voted by acclamation and amid cries
of "long live Italy" and "Garibaldi for
ever." The order voices the "protest of
Latin sentiment against German intol
erance, aroused and favored by the
Austrian imperial policy."
After the meeting the crowd, as If in
obedience to a command, made a rush
for the Austrian Embassy and Con
sulate, situated in the piazza Colonna,
in the center of Rome, to make a dem
onstration there. The incident had been
anticipated by the authorities and pre
cautions had been taken accordingly.
Practically the whole population of
Rome, except the Socialists and anar
chists, participated in the demonstra
tion. The anarchists published an or
der of the day, saying that according to
their principles, which do not admit of
differences between countries and In
dividuals, they disapprove of to-day's
meeting.
In several cities, especially Mi
lan, Turin. Bologna. Como and Spe
zia, reservists, called to arms af
ter the general srike recently insti
gated by the Socialists, have tried to
arrange a demonstration with the ob
ject of procuring their discharge. Only
a few men answered the appeal and the
demonstration was easily put down by
the authorities. Some arrests were
made.
Italians, Boused to a High
Pitch, 3Iake Demonstration
Against the Austrians
WOULD ATTACK
THE EMBASSY
Rezin Orr of Detroit, treasurer of
the Amalgamated Street Railway Em
ployes, traced the origin and growth of
trades unions. Trades unions, the
speaker declared, when disputes arise
only want the employers to sit down
and talk It over with them. Unions had
been of great benefit not only to the
working people, but to all the people.
J. D. Buckalew. third vice president
of the International Machinists' Asso
ciation, extolled the trades unions and
upheld the flag. He said the preach
ers could find 416 texts in the Bibla
which would enable them to tell the
truth In regard to trades unions.
H. J. Abrahams, international dele
gate for the British Trades Congress,
followed. He spoke of the Ensrlish
unions and their work. He said all
that the workingmen demanded was a
fair and equitable share of the wealth
which they produce Jointly with capital.
James Wignall. of Swansea. Wales,
organizer of the Dock Laborers of
Great Britain, said this was the best
meeting he had attended since cominsr
to this country. He was pleased to see
so many ladies present. Whether on
this side of the Atlantic or in the old
country, he said, we are all encased in
the same battle and should support
each other.
John Flett of the United Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners, discussed
the advantages of the union label, and
said if the people demanded labels on
the goods purchased they were enforc
ing demands for sanitary conditions
and good wages, and helpinsr the union
men. Industrial peace is the object of
the union, he said.
All the speakers were well received
and frequently applauded.
SAN JOSE. Nov. IS.— The biggest
labor meeting in the history of San
Jose was held in the Garden Theater
this evening in honor of a number of
delegates to the American Federation
of Labor Convention now being h?ld
in San Francisco. The guests were O.
A. Tveitmoe ef San Francisco; John T.
Flett-of Hamilton, Canada; James
"Wignall of Swansea, "Wales; Rezln Orr
of Detroit, Mich.; I. A. Clancy of -San
Francisco; J. D. Buckalew and. John
A. Lennon of Bloomington. III., and
W. Hockam Mahone and H. J. Abra
hams of Rudda Valley, "Wales. ' Sam
uel G. Gomper3 and John Mitchell were
expected to be present, but owing to
the pressing business of the labor con
vention were unable to attend.
The delegation was met at the depot
this evening by a reception committee
and escorted to the St. James Hotel,
where they had dinner. At S o'clock
four hundred members of various
labor unions assembled at the hotel
and escorted the speakers to the
theater. The Fifth Regiment band
headed the parade. A dozen carriages
followed with the guests and local
labor leaders and the local unionists
brought up the rear.
The Garden Theater was filled with
a large and enthusiastic audience, in
which were many ladies. The meeting
was called to order by E. J. White, a.
member of the Carpenters' Union. Af
ter a few words of welcome Tie intro
duced O. A. Tveitmoe, who made a
few remarks and introduced the va
rious speakers.
John B. Lennon, secretary of th»
Tailors' International Union, was the
first speaker. He referred to the open
shop. He said he was surprised that
such a cry should be raised in the
Golden State, for it means cheap la
bor and that means Chinese and Jap
anese labor. The union man does not
btlieve in cheap labor. The success of
the unions in San Jose in raising the
scale of wages, he said, contributed
more to the prosperity of the mer
chants than to the workmen.
Special Dieuatch tu The Call.
CHEER SPEAKERS
Mary Kenny O'SulIivan of Massa
chusetts argued for levying an assess
ment of one cent a day until the strike
¦was won.
Delegate Driscoll. secretary of the
Massachusetts State Federation, urged
that the federation should make an as-
F*-fcsment of one cent per week per
member for three weeks and then
lrave the matter to the executive coun
cil to lew further assessments accord
ing, to the judgment of the council.
Delegate Fitzsimmons moved to
limit the time for supplying money to
ten weeks.
Oolden appealed to the federation
for aid and support. He said that 25,-
C00 textile workers had been out on
tmke in Fall River against a reduc
tion of wages eince July 2o. He de
tired that the members of the federa
tion should be assessed one cent per
wek each to provide a fund for the
Fall River operatives.
Last Monday the doors of the mills
vtre opened by the manufacturers.
The workers accepted a reduction last
December, but could not accept anoth
er in July. Men, women and children
rebelled. Local and State bodies in
Massachusetts have already spent
J.GV000 on account of the strike. The
workers were now facing possible de
feat by reason of lack of funds.
Th« American Federation of Labor,
in Lyric Hail, yesterday, declared by
adoption of a resolution "that
the enemies of labor have
organized to aussist each other
morally and financially for the sole
purpose of crushing and destroying: or
ganized labor and the success that has
been attendant upon their efforts, if
allowed to continue unchecked, will
ultimately result in disaster to the la
bor movement; and that the oppon
«nts of organized labor axe becoming
more bold and determined, through
knowledge of the fact that the Ameri
can Federation of Labor is not a finan
cial institution."
Following this it was resolved that
hereafter a per capita tax of ten and
one-halt cents per member be paid
and that ten cents a month of this
must be set aside to be used only in
case of strike or lockout.
It was also resolved that, as the
existence of the International Glove
"Workers* Union of America is threat
ened "by reason of the continued at
tacks cf the Manufacturers' Associa
tion" the American Federation of La
bor should appropriate a sum of
money and loan or donate the same to
ihe glove makers to enable their or
ganization to continue its existence.
There is a disagreement between the
textile workers of Fall River. Mass.,
and the manufacturers of textile goods
in the city named. It was set forth in
resolutions that there are 35,000 work
ers in the textile industries of Law
rence. Mass., and that a small part of
the 25,000 is included in the ranks of
organized labor and it was resolved
to place in Lawrence a special organiz
er at the earliest possible time. The
conditions existing in Fall River.
Mass., were made a special order at
the morning session of the Federation
and a resolution introduced by John
Oolden of the United Textile Workers
Iras discussed.
COMMITTEE WORK
Warm Welcome
Is Given to the
Delegates.
Would Organize
California En
tirely.
MILKERS APPEAR
UNION MEN MARCH
Citu of San Jose
Greets Labor
. Leaders.
Textile Workers
in East Are
Assisted.
FEDERATION ASSESSES MEMBERS TO RAISE FUNDS FOR USE IN STRIKES AND ALSO FIXES
PER CAPITA TAX AND PROVIDES AGAINST EMERGENCIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
3
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
Flour on the Market.
Every Detail of Manufacture
. Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Fjree With Every cirnall Ad in
Sunday, CalL
See Small Ad Page for. Further
Particulars.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 5 — i Positirelr cared by
f* A D7TD 0 thcse Littie FilIs *
wHfli £Ll\O They a^o revere Dls-
f tress from Dyspepsia. In-
ITTLE filgesttoa and Too Hearty
IWPn Eating. A perfect rem-
I w m im ed y t cr Dizziness. Nansea,
PILLS* DroTC^esj. Bad Taste
t^-'.:.';!^;!. " I Toa^u*. Pain In tte Side.
' — 1 TORPID LIVES. THey
regr^ate tbe Bcrwei Purely Vegetable.
SMALL FiLL SMALL OOSL SMALL PRICE.
r CARTERSl clRE SICK ilhAUAcni: '
E3ittle Genuine Must Bear
0 IYH? Fac-Simile Signature
|P^-S.
baja California
Damiana Bitters
t £ A GKEAT RESTOIiATIVE. INVICiOILA.
*tcr tnd N«rrla«.
Tbe most wonderful ephroSUlae and Special
Tcnic lor tfce Sexual Ore&ns. :or both sexes.
Tfce Mexican Remedy lor DUeaaea of th«
Kidaer» and Bladder. SeUa on lta own cierlta.
NAEER, ALF-S & BHUXE. As-nte.
glS Market at., fi. g*.— <Send for Circular*.)
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>!M) EEABXY ST. Established
tn 1834 (or the treatment of l'rlvat*
li«a"". l/i«t Hnniwcl. Debility or
irearinfron hodyaod mln<1 atid
Skin Diufsse*. The Doctor cares when .
other* /all. Try b»n«. fbargr* low.
_ -.. - u.Cgrr'cuariinlrrd. On" or wrue.
Dr. 4. f. «IBQOX, tsu FmrJsco, Cat
A^y^
I w/fl Materiau: — Two tablespoonfuls \
\ \ °f butter, two tablcspoonfiils of ii^c. j:
flour, one pint boiling stock or jg[g§ J,
wa tcr, salt and pepper to taste. g^l t
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE? j
Seasoning :- — Before sending to the table stir in two tablespoonfuls of j j
. Lea ca Perrins' Sauce. Thb will add a .flavor which I
the epicure is sure to pronounce perfect.' |
JOHN DUJfCAlTS SON'S, Ajeati, KTW T02C j ICHICAGO. Nov. 18. — A dispatch to
night announces the sudden death in
New York City of Arthur Caton. a
lawyer 8nd clubman of this city. Ca
lon had gone to New Tork to meet ivs
wife, who had just returned from Eu
rope. The cause of death wia said by
the f hyr.'cians to be peritonitis.
Chicago Clubman Posses Away.
Austrian Statesman Says It Is Re-
sponsible for Country's His.
VIENNA, Nov. 18.— During the ses
sion of the Reichstag this afternoon
Herr Pernorstorfer, one of the Socialist
leaders, made a violent "attack on the
imperial dynasty. Referring to the
Innsbruck affair he alleged that the
highest Influence had been used to
prevent a harmonious understanding
between Germans and Italians within
the monarchy, adding that the settle
ment of national differences in the
Tyrol were now rendered impossible for
many years.
The speaker proceeded to refer to the
dynasty, which he charged with being
responsible for all the unhappiness pre
vailing in Austria. The members of the
Imperial family were not even promi
nent for personal qualities, he said. The
women, he asserted, are bigots, and the
men clerical partisans, mostly ignorant
and uneducated.
SALEM, Or., Nov. 18. — The remain
ing mill building on the North Salem
property of the Portland Flouring
Mills was destroyed by flre of incen
diary origin to-day. The loss Is $23,
000. The building was one of three,
two of which were destroyed by fire
on October 19 last.
Work of Incendiary.
CHICAGO, Nov. 18.— Secretary Shaw
has announced a call upon national
banks holding Government deposits to
the amount of 25 per cent of their hold
ings, 10 per cent to be paid on or be
fore January 15 next and 15 per cent on
or before March 15 next. This the Sec
retary estimates will bring Into the
Treasury about $25,000,000.
SHAW ANNOUNCES CALL
UPON NATIONAL BANKS
ARRIVED.
Frida^. Nov. 18.
Ship McLaurtn, Hammer. 96 Any* from
Bristol Bay. via Dutch Harbor 28 days.
SAIIjKO.
Friday. Not. 18.
Btmr Gu&lala. Kalrrili, Delmar.
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson. Honolulu.
Stmr Rejlpndo. Krog, Astoria.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed /Nov 18 — Stmr O C
Llndauer, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov IS — Bktn Newsboy, from Sant*
nosalla; schr Argus, from San Pedro; sehr
Nokomli, from San Pedro; schr Sailor Boy,
hence Nov 11: btmr Grace Dollar, hence
Nov.Il;. Btmr Santa Barbara, hence Nov 14.
ISLAND PORTS.
ONOLUL.U— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Korea,
from Yokohama and Hongkong.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Uma
tllla. hence Nov 16; Fr bark Guerveur henco
Nov 8; «tmr Victoria, from Seattle; aealins
schr Teresa, from Asiatic waters,
henca Nov 15 for Ladyiiniith.
MEMORANDUM.
VICTORIA, Nov 18— A French ship display
ing distress signals, French ensign half mast
and reversed, reported from Carmanah Point
at dusk, making slowly Into straits; name
cannot be made out to-night. Br ship Haddon
Hall »eported among bunch of ships storm
stayed oft Cape Flattery; she is bound here
for overhauling before going to Sound for
cargo. ,
HOLLAND FAVORS PLANS
. FOR PEACE CONFERENCE
Agreeable' to the Sueses'tlon of Hay
That It aieet at The
Ilaffue.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— The Gov
ernment of tHe Netherlands has for
.mally advised Secretary Hay that it
gladly accepts the suggestion that the
peace conference be reconvened at The
Hague. So far no formal acceptances
of thfe American invitation in its full
breadth have been received, but it is
thought that nearly all of the Euro
pean powers have already indicated
through their representatives here or
through the American Embassadors or
Ministers abroad that they accept the
President's Invitation in principle,
leaving to future negotiation the ar
rangements for the conference and the
limits to be placed upon its work.
A successful bazaar was held yes
terday afternoon and evening at the
Howard Presbyterian Church under
the auspices of the Ladies' Guild. Fol
lowing are the ladies who had charge
of the booths: Ladies' Home Journal
booth, Mrs. F. Williams, Mrs. S. H.
Taylor; domestic booth, Mrs. Bokee.
Mrs. Laflin, Mrs. Hamilton. Mrs.
Hoots; fish pond. Miss McCord, Mrs.
Page, Miss Ruddick; fancy booth,
Mrs: Fidis. Mrs. Douglas, Mrs. Arms;
apron bpoth, Mrs. Loveland, Mrs.
Watson; candy booth,. Mrs. Snell,
Mrs. Heyford, Miss Lucy; ice cream,
booth, Mrs. Burlingame, Mrs. Lucy;
lemonade booth. Miss Wilkie and Miss
Ross.
Howard Church Bazaar.
SCORES ROYAIi FAMILY.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
NEW TORK, Nov. 18.— The following
Callfornlans arrived in New York to
day:
From San Francisco— Miss Cam
panari and I* Campanarl, at the Marl
borough; J. H. Cropley, at the Bres
lln; C B. Jennings, at the Imperial;
II. McDennott, at the Rossmore; Dr.
J. M. Williamson, at the Gilsey; Mme.
Wellington, at the Marlborough; I* M.
Banna, at the Victoria; Mrs. J. C. Jur
gen, at the SL Denis; Miss Quinn and
P. J. Quinn, at the Sinclair House; Q.
H. Wilson, at the Grand Union; J. P.
Woolrich. at the Sinclair; Miss Hutch
ins, at the Savoy; I*. A. Peters, at the
Cumberland; G. F. Wools ton, at the
Grenoble.
Callfornlana in Xew York.
BUDAPEST. Hungary, r Nov. 18.— The
lower house of the Hungarian Parlia
ment to-day passed Premier Tjisza's mo
tion altering for one year the standing
orders of the House so as to allow
afternoon sittings from 4 to 9, in addi
tion to the ordinary morning sessions,
with the object of overcoming obstruc
tion and expediting 1 publio business.
The session lasted until 10 o'clock at
night, With evidences of rising temper
ature. ' Then Premier Tisza, in a speech
dealing . with obstruction, declared
there was no choka» between abandon
ing the nation to its fate or putting an
end to this comedyi
President of the Chamber de Perc
zel, in the midst of Increasing disorder,
tried to put to a - ote the motion deal
ing with obstructl&n, but was met with
howls of derision and screams. of pas
sionate protestation.
Deputy Rakosi handed the President
a paper demanding that the sitting be
closed, and on the refusal of the Presi
dent to accept the paper. Rakosi
threatened him wljth a pair of scissor*.
Many members hurried to President
de Perczel's assistance. Seats, books,
and inkpots were hurled at De Percsel,
and. insulting epithets were freely em
ployed. The opposing parties were
hardly prevented from Indulging in
fisticuffs.
Finally the President read the royal
rescript proroguing the House and the
sitting closed with scenes of the wild
est excitement.
James Stevens, who the police say
is a "rounder," was arrested yester
day by .Patrolman Patrick Curry ' at
the cornel-;. of Eighth and Harrison
streets on suspicion of being the man
who robbed; the Parrott mansion in
San Mateo on July 31. Although
Stevens . has not yet been formally
charged j with, \ the offense the ¦ detec
tive department is confident that they
have the right r man in custody.
The robbery ot the v Parrott home
was of a sensational character In that
the burglar gained an entrance to the
houBe, which was occupied by several
servants during the -temporary ab
sence of their mistress, and thorough
ly ransacked It -without arousing any
one. In all he secured about $10,000
In Jewelry and silverware, ~a portion
of which had been in the possesison
of the Parrotts fpr many years.
The robbery was discovered the fol
lowing day by the butler when he
proceeded to get ready for the family
Sunday dinner. A hurried investiga
tion revealed the fact that the burglar
had ransacked the entire house from
cellar to roof and gathered in valu
ables wherever he found them. The
police of this city were immediately
notified, but the burglar made good
his escape. Detective Armstrong has
been working on the case for several
months.
Attempt to Put an End to
Obstruction Precipitates
a< General . Disturbance
Detectives, After a Long
Search. Satisfied They
"Now Have the Right Man
TWO FACTION CLASH
AERESTED IN THIS
Police Believe He [Knows
Something About Bobbery
of the Parrott Mansion
Books. Seats and Inkpots
HurLed at the President
of the Hungarian Chamber
JAMES STEVENS
IS SUSPECTED
SESSION ENDS
WITH A FIGHT
PERSONAL.
A. Abbey, a prominent lumberman of
Guerneville and manager of the quick
silver mines near that place, Is a guest
at the Occidental.
Dr. MacLeod and wife and- 'daughter
of Shanghai, who have been visiting
Monterey, returned yesterday and are
registered at the Palace.
J. S. McCandless, a prominent resi
dent of Honolulu, arrived yesterday at
the St. Francis to await the departure
of the steamer for Hawaii to-day.
W. S. Tupper, J. S. Torrance. George
Cochrane and Samuel L. Baker, insur
ance men of Los Angeles, arrived here
yesterday and are staying at the St.
Francis.
Herman "Wittenberg:, president of the
Pacific Coast Biscuit Company and a
commissioner of the Lewis and Clark
Exposition, is down from Portland and
staying at the Palace.
T. H. Milllken of London, who mada
a futile attempt to explore Tibet sev
eral years ago and was subjected to
serious hardships and severe treat
ment from the natives,* arrived from
Europe last night and is staying at tha
Occidental. He Is on his way to Slng
napore.
Fred Brown of Peru is at the'Palace.
Dr. Hugh Ross .of Paso Robles is at
the Occidental.
K. D. Bishop, a business man of
Cleveland, is at the Palace.
C.-E. Horton, a mining man of Loy
alton, is registered at the Grand.
Dr. I. Moir, a Japanese physician of
Honolulu, is at the St. Francis.
W. M. Fisher and wife, well known
residents of Napa, are at the Palace.
W. "W. Tompkins, a banker of San
Anselmo, is among the latest arrivals
at the Occidental.
W. E. G. Saunders, who is interested
In mining properties near Laton, is a
guest at the Palace.
OBERLIN, O., Nov. 18.— Dr. E. B.
Fairchild, ex-president of several col
leges, Consul at Lyons, France, under
President Harrison, and cousin of
"Stonewall" Jackson, a close friend of
Wendell Phillips and Henry Ward
Beecher, and one of the founders of the
Republican party, Is dead here.
Dr. E. B. Faii-child Dead.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 18. — The North
Central California Veterans* Reunion
Association held its regular semi-an
nual gathering in. Turn Verein Hall
to-day. Its membership is made up of
the Grand Army, the Women's Relief
Corps, -Ladles of the Grand Army of
the Republic, Sons and Daughters of
Veterans and the Spanish-American
War Veterans of Santa. Clara and the
central coast counties. About 160 vet
erans and their families were present
to-day. The morning was given over
to a reunion and at noon a- dinner was
served. ¦
Reunion in San - Jose.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— After eigh
teen hours in an open boat six men of
the Philadelphia schooner Emily A,
Naylor were rescued by the schooner
Grenada, which arrived here to-day.
The Naylor was abandoned about 300
miles from Bermuda after a hopeless
struggle with the hurricane which
passed up the coast last' Sunday night.
The crew had been drifting about for
eighteen hours when sighted by the
Grenada. Their hurried departure left
no time to provision the lifeboat and
the men were In desperate straits when
the Grenada came to their assistance.
Six Men, Who Had Abandoned Ves
sel, llescued/»When in Despcrato j
Straits.
EIGHTEEN HOURS AT SEA
IN A SMALL OPEN BOAT
NEW YORK, Nov.- 18.— The Right
Rev. P. J. Donohue, Roman Catholic
Bishop of Wheeling, W. Va,, will re
ceive the major portion of the estate ot
Sarah H. Tfacey, valued at more than
a quarter of a million dollars, under
the terms of a will' filed -to-day. The
will requests that Bishop Donohue use
the estate to erect and maintain an in
dustrial school for unfortunate poor in
memory of the testator's grandfather,
Keating Rawson.'and two orphan asy
lums in memory of her dead brother,
Edward Tracey.
Bishop Donohue is bequeathed $1000,
together with all the books, paintings,
horses and carriages owned by the tes
tatrix for his own use. He is to sell
her rare laces and jewels and devote
the proceeds to charity.
Quarter of a Million to Found
Charitable Institutions. .
Mr*. Sarah II. Tracey Bequcatns
LEAVES IjARGE ESTATE
TO TILE POOR AND NEEDY
ROME, Nov. >3. — The municipaJIty
of Ascoli has by acclamation con
ferred honorary citizenship upon J.
Pierpont Morgan in recognition of his
action in restoring to th& city the fam
ous Ascoli cope. It was also decided
to~place a bust of Morgan in the city
palace; togetRer with a marble tablet
recording his generous action and to
bestow his name upon one of tho
principal streets of the city. #
Oeorge Stewart opined
that the chari?^ of vagrancy against
him was the outcome of a conspiracy
founded upon the Jealousy of Miss
AnastRSiH Johnson, who objected to
some Fiieht attention he had inadvert
ently bestowed on Miss Fannie Jack
*op. In his position of pianist in a
denoe hall for Afro-Americans only,
Mr. St*»wart told Judge Mogan, it was
•-xtremf-ly difficult, if not absolutely
impossible, for him to avoid "kimin'
more or less in contack" with the lady
habitues thereof, but he had studi
ouply endeavored to shun discrimina
tion In his treatment of them. As pre
rrtlere danseuse of the establishment
Miss Jackson was entitfed to a cer
tain deference which was not Miss
Police Judge Fritzs court was in
Lachrymose mood when Hugh Robin
son concluded hi? explanation of how
Iw came to be there charged with hav
ing battered the left Jaw of Miss Mollie
Amner of 620^ Natoma street. The
hvuch hid its feelings by bowing its
head, the clerk's desk audibly miiflled
and the attorneys' table purveyed the
ceiling. More than one semi-sup
j>r*-ssed feminine sob wafted from the
auditory. 4ir. Robinson himself,
Murdiiy bulk and shabbily clad, shook
uitji emotion as he narrated:
"Dis goil an' her sis," he faltered,
¦ are a-iryin' ter giv' yours truly de
cross. Moll der kin tell yer, ef she
*ants ter tall de iroot. dat I've bin her
Les' frleu'. Wen she ducks from home
ajj' goes ter woik in de dance hall, wot
ills 1 do but devoites meuelf ter save
her* charakter. I sez, 'Kid, you go
right back ter de eis an' 111 see dat
jei wants fer nottin'.' She goes, but
she's got der Barbary Coast, fever an'
I'm de busiest mug yer ever see a-try
ii.' ter keep her at home. I takes me
wages an' pours dem in her lap. Jest
ter keep her from a-buttin' back ter
de dance hall. Wat did 1 bust her
Jaw fer? Gimme time an' I'll git ter
dat. Y^r see I goes down to de house
<>n Natoma an' en me way der I buys a
steak. i»ez I ter Moll. I sez, 'Kid, cook
dis «»huek for de tree ov us.' meanin'
ter take her cis in on de feed. Weil, we
eats de steak an' hev a beer or two,
an' den Moll she starts de old talk
about hevin' de blues an' bein' t'h-sty
fer excitement. 'It's me ter de dance
hall.' ehe pez: and itV you nottin' ov
C^ sort." sez I. Den one woid borryed
nnudder, she a-giving me de woist she
iculd lay her tongue to. wid ms a-help-
Itf her. an" in self-purtection me nan'
may hev collided wid her jaw. But let
her tell yer wot 1 did ter reform her.
Ef 6he so on oaf dat 1 didn't make a
reg-'lar Rebel George ov myself ter
j'luck her from de burnin* she deserves
d<? limit."
When the Judge raised his head it
was to ask the defendant what his vo
cation was and how much he earned a
day. *
"It's de trut' fer you, Judge." paid
Mr. Robinson, "for it's me dat ain't
a-tryin' ter hand out de bull con ter
r.obuddy. I'm de chief porter In Cow
boy Mag's Joint on Pacific street, an'
me 8-ilary is four bits a day. Ask Moll
e>r ct I ain't good for four bits any
day en de week. Includin* Sundays."
His Honor did not ceem to be favor
ably impressed either by Mr. Robin
son's occupation or its emoluments,
and when a policeman explained that
the main, if not sole, function of a
porter in a Pacine-atreet 'Joint" is to
discipline disorderly customers by
ejecting them, there was a general and
1 erfectly visible revulsion of feeling
toward Mr. Robinson. It found ex
pression in a pronouncement of guil
ty, supplemented with a sentence of
thirty days' imprisonment.
"An' dis iB wot dey calls Justice,"
vailed Mr. Robinson. "Here I goes ter
joil an' she goes back ter de old life
dat I tries no hard ter save her from."
Richard • Hunter was pronounced not
guilty of the charge of burglary filed
against him by Morris Hunt- (colored),
who averred that soon, after his bed
room at 111% Minna street was plun
dered he law the defendant, who was
drunk and Incapable of motion, sitting
upon a near by doorstep and at once
concluded that he was the thief. It In
cidentally developed that "Mr. Hunt
himself had once been tried for larceny
and twice for other offenses, and, the
discovery did. not, tend to bolster his
very flimsy charge against the bibulous
Mr. Hunter.
DOCHRIKG ESTATK.— Hannah B. Doehrine
yestertJar i<eUUon«- for the admission to pro- i
bate of the will of Charles F. Doehrlng. who i
d I *<J November, U: leating an estate valued at
$.T5.o«iO. San Francisco realty in *ald to b*
worth $25,000 and Pet&luma lots $5000. The re
mainder is in cash aad securities. '
• ? •
"Dick" Dwyer, starter Of races for
the California Jockey Club, . averred
that all nags look alike to him when
they face the flag and that he does not
even know their names. So he advised
Judge Mogan to summon either the
president or the secretary of the club
If he desired to ascertain beyond perad
venture of doubt whether the horse
Hipponax performed In a certain event
on a certain day at the Oakland track.
It was the case of L. Allen, accused
of pool selling, that brought out Mr.
Dwyer*s confession. The complaining
policeman testified that he purchased
from the defendant a ticket entitling
him. to win a specified sum of money if
Hipponax won, and the defense claimed
that Hipponax was not entered in the
race to which the policeman alluded.
Further testimony will be heard next
Tuesday. /V
Miss Lottie 'Gonzales was awaiting
trial on a vagrancy charge In Judge
Fritz's court when Bailiff Conlan in
tercepted a note en route to her /ronl
a hangdog-looking fellow who, fled
when he saw his missive captured. It
was a lead . Dencil scrawl on a bit of
wrapping paper, and this is a literal
translation:
"kid git contined untill nex wek & 1
will bal you out shure."
Miss Gonzales disclaimed knowledge
of the man who sent the message, and
she waxed quite indignant when ! the
Judge remanded her for one week in
Order to afford the unknown an.oppor
tunity to make good his written word.
"If it hadn't a-bin for that blamed
fool," she exclaimed, 'Til bet you'd
a-Iet me go."
And the court said: "Maybe."
• - • •
Special Police Officer W. T. Carham
would not even consider Judge Ca
banigs* proposal that he marry Miss
Annie M. Malette of 379 Eleventh street,
who accused him of paternity of her
month-old babe and alleges that he be
trayed her by promising matrimony.
Her mother Bays 'the girl is 17 years of
age, but Carham declares she' is at
least five years older than that. The
case was continued. - '
LlKie Irwin, alias Bessie Hill, was
arrested eight days ago for vagrancy
and did not appear In court until yes
terday, because when the Jail officials
called "Lizzie Irwin" she neglected to
respond, for the probable reason that
no prior convictions were recorded
against Bepsie Hill. Judge Mogan con
sidered that she had' been sufficiently
punished for both her registered «ffense
and her attempt to evade justice, and
ehe promised to face him no more.
James M. Silvia, accused of vagrancy,
declared that he worked three days a
week as* a barber and "got drunk on
the elde." He will be released from
custody in time to don his apron this
morning.
William Hurley was driving a drug
gists delivery wagon on Market ntreet
when Patrolman C. T. Thompson ar
rested him for exceeding the le?al
limit and escorted him to prison, de
spite his explanation that he was hur
ryJng- with medicine to a patient, in
critical condition. J. Edward Hoff
man, a cigar merchant, testified that
the defendant told the truth, and
Judge Mogan dismissed the case.
Samuel Mercer's wife, an invalid,
was carried Into Judge Mogan's, court,
where she testified that her husband,
S.*muel, had repeatedly threatened to
kill her and his stepchild "at their
home, 85 California avenue, Bernal
Heights. She -is a sufferer from spin
al nervousness, but that fact, she
averred, did not prevent her spouse
drinking to excess and acting like a
madman when intoxicated. He kept
six fully loaded firearms in the house
and the Judge ordered that the wea
pons be produced in court to-day.
Bradford T. Schell, who seriously
stabbed James T. Morriesey, was sent
to the Superior Court to answer the
charge of assault to murder. Judge
Mogan fixed the bail at $2000. Schell
was beating his divorced wife when
Morrlssey" Interfered and was cut in
the left groin and the right hand.
George Dempsey, about 20 years of
age, five feet four Inches hi height
and weighing 115 pounds, was pum
meling a stalwart Chinaman at Mar
ket and Fifth streets when Patrolman
P. Murphy, six feet in his socks and
tipping the beam at 200 pounds, un
dertook to arrest him. As a result of
that undertaking the officer displayed
a badly bruised left eye in Judge Ca
baniss' "court* and. testified that the
united efforts of four able-bodied
peacye guardians were barely sufficient
to subjugate Master Dempsey, who
emerged scatheless from the fray. Af
ter the Judge had imposed a fine of
$30. which was promptly paid, if was
unofficially announced that the wiry
little man is a nephew of the late
"•Jack" D^mpsey, from whom the
world's middleweight pugilistic cham
pionship was wrested by Robert
Freckle3 Fitzsimmons and that he is
a highly esteemed member of the
Hawthorne Club's stable of fighters.
Despite his plea, Mr. Stewart was
pronounced guilty and will be sen
tenced this morning-. Since he retired
from active service as the cfiampion
colored cake walker of the Pacific
Coa-st he has posed as the chocolate
hued Adonis of the Barbary Coast,
and the police say that his occasional
piano playing has been merely a
"stall " to avert his arrest for wear
ing: gorgeous raiment and neither
weaving- nor spinning-
Johnson's due, but he could assure the
court that his dealings with the for
mer lady had never exceeded the
strictest formality. At any rate. Miss
Johnson's jealousy was unwarranted,
as he was not bound by any tie of be
trothal to her. ,
CRAWFORD.
BY JAM US C
Unique Distinction Is Con
ferred in Recognition of
His Act in Eestoring Cope
4
Exposure of His Vocation, However, Has
Effect of Spoiling Impression.
POLICE COURT SIGHS
NAME A STEEET F0E.HIM
JVill Place a Bronze Bust of
the American and a Marble
Tablet in the Palace
ASCOLI HONORS
BANKER MORGAN
EARNEST SYMPATHY
PROVOKED BY PLEA
OF HUGH ROBINSON
THE SAA T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
CHARGED WITH FORGERY.— H. C. Brad
ley was booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Policemen Cottle and Flynn on a charge
of forgery- He has been sending small boys
to groceries with an envelope containing a
check and a note purporting to be signed by
Borne lady asking that the check be cashed
and that the writer would call later and ar
range about It. Grocers who were approached
In this way were McCaw Bros., 401 Derisadero
street; Golder Bros.. 1416 Howard street, and
M. Radke. Polk and Fulton streets.
\aCKER8ON SHOWS INORATTTUDE.—
Mrs. Ella McPbenon. 130 South Park, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Fritz yesterday
for the arrest of Percy Vlckerson on a charge
of grand larceny. She say* that Vlckerson
came from Yolo County recently to look for
employment and ' as he had no funds her
husbaTrt. who knew the family, gave him frea
board and lodging till he could get a Job.
He disappeared on November 16. taking with
htm a diamond ring valued at $75 belonging
to Mrs. McPherson. <
4
polishes the delicate enamel, but does not
scratch, thus it prevents the accumulation
cf tartar, •without injuring the enamel, a
property found or.ly In SO20D0NT.
I F0KM3: LIQUID. POWDER, PASTE.
TOOTH POWDER
SOZODONT
TEACn ;i"i*i£ CHILDREN
A delicious dentifrice makes the tooth'
brush lesson easy. SOZODONT Is a fra-
grist liquid cleanser, penetrating the little
crevices ef the teeth it purifies them.
It's a common error
To plaster the aching back.
To rub with liniments rheumatic
joints
When the trouble comes from the
kidneys.
Doan's Kidney Pills cure all kidnev
ills
And are indorsed by San Francisco
citizens.
William Tinkler, expressman for
Gilbert Bros., residence 4.uH Clemen-
tin* St.. lays: "I have been laid up
in the house for three or four weeks
at a time and hav« been afraid to ro
to bed. because to turn caused excru-
ciating twinges. If I stooped I suf-
fered and if I straightened it was just
as bad. all on account of an aching
back. I had attacks of it for several
years* some of them so yirujent that
m ray endeavor to find relief I actually,
rubbed the skin off my back with lini-
ments. The la<;t medicine I used was
Doan's Kidney Pills. That is six
m6nths ago. I never felt better in mv
life thao during the time which has
elapsed nor at the present moment. I
owe this condition to Doan's Kidnev
Pills."
For eale by all dealers. Price so
cent?. Fo&ter : AIilburn Co.. Buffalo.
N. Y.. sole agents for the United
States. ¦>;;
ft-member the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
The Same MMake Is Made by Many
San Francisco People.
A COMMON ERROR
DOAX'S PUiLS.
ADVERTISESIENTS.
ADVE^iTISiDIEXT^
StLouisfair
Grand Prize
AWARDED TO
Walter Baker & Co.'s
fTho Highest
Award
over mado
in this
Country
tOOK TOR THIS
TXADS-XiES
m* fflGHEST AWARDS IN
4*5 EUROPE and AMERICA
A new Illustrated reclpo book
••nt f roo
¦
Walter Baker&Co.Ltd.
EttoblUkti nSo SOXCHZSTZX, MASS.
GHkTTe Satfef y
L * 8^S o^ eaw B**
Evtry Day in the Ycar^
Thousands of men are using Gil-
lette Safety Razors and refuse to
use any other kind. No stropping or
honine; required. Price S.1.QQ.
TEE STAB SAFETY is a convert-
lent and excellent Razor, also. Price
reduced from $2.00 to SI. 23.
STANDARD BAZOB3 — Uood ones,
as low ns 81.00.
POC3CET KUIVES— At various
prices, in great variety of high-grade
makfs. styles and shapes. Some ex-
cellent ones as low ns SI.OO
SAZOK STBOP3 that you can de-
pend on. T«»*' up.
2 bar* Williams' Shaving Soap.
Lie.
Razors ground and honed. Honing,
2.*>c
Mall Orders Filled Promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. tK PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET STSlEET. Odd. PiftH.
SAN FRANCISCO.
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
OCEAX TRAVEL.
e Steamers leaw Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11>.
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkaa, Wran«*|.
Juneau, Tread wells. Haloss.
Skagway. etc. Alaska— U
a. m.. Not. 1. «. 11. IX 21.
23. Dec 1. Changs to »>»««
company's staazners at B— ,1
For VicuJrta. VancouT»r. Port Towas^nd.
3«attle, Tacoma, Everett. South Belli n«ham.
Belllnxham— 11 a. m.. Not. 1. a. 11. i«, Jj.
id. Dec. 1. Chans* At Seattle to thU com-
>any« steamer* tor Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancoarer
j» C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Fay) — Pomona, 1:S9
> m. Not. 6. 12. 19. 24. 30. Deo. «. Corona.
l:SO p. m.. Not. 8, ». 13. 21, 27. Dee. S.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aad
ftodondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Btate of California, Thursdays. 9 a. nv
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Cast
jan Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cnu, Moa-
•rey. Ban Simeon, Cayucoe, Port Harfonl (3aa
I uia ObUpo). Ventura and Haeneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Not. 7. 13. 23. Deo. 1.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nor. 3. 11, 19. 27. Deo, g.
For Xnsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
"abo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
ialla, Ouaymas OJex.), 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain foMtr. Right
¦ reserved to change afamers cr sailing date*.
TICKET OPTICES— 4 New Mont«;otn-
ry st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Broad,
ray wharves. Freight OSe* 10 Markat st.
C. Jy. DTJNANT*. General Passenger Agent.
0 Market at.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Suttar st. wHJ
•all for and check barrage from hotels aad
?sldences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN USE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
it Paul Nov. 2f(»Flnrd, Dec.10. 10:30 a
'hltartelphla ...I>ec. 3iN>w York Dec. II
•Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LI2TE.
New Tork— London Direct.
VIntnka,Nov.2i'!.7:30 an;| Mlr.nftr.ab.-*,Dec.lO. # act
.lesaba .Deo. S 10 a.n 1 Manltru. Dec 17, 10 »m
DOiiirriOHT lihe.
Montreal — IJv*rpool — Short sea passage.
Canada December 10.
BED STAB LIHS.
TS&wr York — Antwerp — London — Parts.
Calling at Dover f->r London and Paris.
Croonland Nov. 2«;z*Henrl ."..Dec. 17
¦¦"inland . . . Dec. 10 Krooni.md Dec 24
WHITE STAB JJUJJ.
Krw Tort — Qaeenstown — IilyerpooL
lult!c.:Nov. 30. 11 am|Or*>anic.Dec: 14. 10 am
redric. Dec. 7. 5:30 am Majestic. Dec.21. 10 am
Bc»ton— Que«a»towu — LlTerpool.
Cymric ••!•••• Dw 21. Jan. 23.
jew yosx aitd Bosroar dieect
To the Mediterranean.
Ortraltar^^^Oenoa^Alexaaari..
tEPTBLIC Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 23
:RETIC Dec. 12. FVb. 4, March IS
FROM BOSTON.
tOMANIC Dec. 10. Jan: 23. March 11.
•ANOPIC Jan. 7. Feb W
r. D. TATLOH. Pa*senjr<»r A*enr Paclflo Coast
21 Post lit.. San Francisco. -
)CC9DICS«SXO» sguSSss
1.8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Not. 1!), 11 A If
I. S. MAH1POSA, for Tahiti. Nov. 25, n A.m'
!. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dee. 1. 2 P. it
.D.SPEECSILS St BROS. Ca, iJtS.,IlCS3l C2C8343 Iir-
ei rioint oac 327-Kamt sl, pis 7, Pacib >:
C0MPA85I2 6X5X31L2 TSAS3ATiA!ir:3Jl
jIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS , ".
6*IUns every Thursday lnsteaJ of -ATCft-9ft
Eaturday. at 10 a. m., from Pier "VrTTr'
42. North River, foot of Hcrton st.
First class to Havre/ $7o and upward. Seo.
nd class to Havre. $45 and upward. Osx.
IKAL AGENCT FOR tTJJlTKD STATES AND
•ANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson bul!dtng>.
few Tork. J. F. FUGAZI A Co.. Pacific Coast
igents. B Montcomerv a»enu«. San Francisco.
'Ictefts <to!d by ail Ttn'irfad T'"k»t Aysnts.
Tor XT. S. NavT Tar:l aafl Vallejo.
ttr». General Friable, jtloatlcello aad Arrow
-.15 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. ZU3 p.m., e p.m.. S:J0j[
n. Leave San Francisco Sundays 0:43 a-aiT
2:30 p. m.. 41 p.m., 8:30 p.m. Leave Valleja, i
-m.. 9 a.m.. 12:3a p.m., 3:15 p.m.. « p.m. Sun-
ays, 7 s_m., 9 s_m.. 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pier 2.
Uti«lon»i.; phone UalalSOo. HATCH BROS
The Wiley B.AIIen Go/s , yr I
case; cost $750. >. > /the Ludw7g S |
Good as tf57C X. &ll^%AJ IV\ DlTaOor^CC S There are two of I]
new $O4D >. llUW 18 8 T~ 8 %J |£i these styles discon- |
in>ugT^i fl _r rtr , n f \ ___ ||h[|| jT tinued by "the factory. |1
art case made for St. Louis r*^-~ 2— i*~ ¥\ «l lir ix/mi Price discounted ClOC I
Fair, Carved mahogany out- , CrOHie 111 1 O-Uay. We Will O n each. $ 1^3 \
side, Birdseye maple inside 1 Harvard— Fancy mahog^ f
and back. "Like a silk dress fceep Upeil Until 10 any case with the only orig- :
linedwith silk/' Can- CMV\ -.- ¦ . » ~~ ; — inal patent harp or mandolin
not-be duplicated Now*pWl/ O ClOCK lO-Nlght» attachment Sold for C0£3
1 Henry F. Miller Square—In , ; — — $450. Now ... *p£Qo
splendidxondition. tf^n .We have sold a large number of these i Common German c«oc
Worth $100 .Now. *p^ p j anQS this wee^ because people have Upright for ;$LD
Jr t 1Z™ n arlo j; Grand confidence in our word and method of 1 Hardman-Elegant carved
sale for ¦ $450 doing business. Our reputation is a guar- > mahogany case; largest size \
'(NOTE-This'pjanoisVmpiy superb.) antee that you will get a bargain when we \ f£ a e * 675 - I
' r Very .'Small Vpriaht Italian advertise any piano as a bargain. £ r lH Iet thls one §° $425
ark etc f " ° ° atf '$50 A f( : w of those reliable, standard $275.00 new 2* Gco.'stcck Vco.-New 1
; : l'Hazciton Bros.' Sciuare— pl^ n0S left * thlln ?u-° f eq , ua !«17C mahogany cases, apartment
Rosewood ZaseA dw ?* ™ VaIue ever Sold in thlS market *l size - Never soId under $500. 1
•YAttff at the price ••••••••••• ' * ' • * O§ * ' We have put these &fid g
rattling. Dargain4'* i r l^vr (no stools or corers free with thk m.) own t0 ZpoZi> |1
StaridanTSSOO 1 °" At^ m^^^^BSmmmmmmamaBBm\\ mm „ n,,|B Wissncr Grand— This splen- 1
pianos^oingat 3150 ; WIN A PRIZE % DecemI>Cf **> at " °' clock -
Double veneered hardwood S m ¦*¦*-*- be given to some one : for all the money that has cd In S. F. Will compaie favor- if
cases ' in mahogany and f b«en paid on any piano purchased in ouir warerooms at 931-933 Market Street, between /\_ ably with any Grand p'ano ffl
oak, Ivofy keys, prac- S November 15th and the closing hour of this sale, December 3Jst. Coupons will be issued, a \^ m ad £ { he PJ ice *l as J?" n B
tice pedals. (No stools drawing made, and the one' holding the lucky coupon Will receive our* ched* for whatever to sell at fiy-.co fi
or covert free with', '^f- money has been paid on the piano purchased. If you have only paid $10.00 as first payment on the piano, Now {pnr-ifv H
thin Jot.) . : -^r^ you wiU get * 10 - 00 - H you have paid $1000.00 for one of our fine art pianos or a grand, you will get a check for ., - SSfl §§
|li|§f|£" $1000.00. We are going^o make a present of any "money that may have been paid on the piaflo to the lucky coupon holder. H
S THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO, X I
¦^T' ¦¦¦'-- • 'WiAKivltl 5XREEX SAN FR.ANC1SCO §1Arrested for Selling- Pools.
Captain *of Police M. O. Anderson
is determined to stop pool selling in
the Mission. His detail of special of
ficers yesterday arrested Rudolph
Bernard, a cigar dealer , at Twenty
first and Valencia streets: Louis Tay
lor, a' cigar dealer at Twenty-ninth
and Mission streets, and William Mul
ane.
Phelps Heirs to Settle.
To. simplify the litigation over the
title. to some of the estate of Timothy
Guy Phelps, formerly a Regent of the
University of California, hl3 widow. Jo
sephine A. Phelps. Is preparing to pur
chase the legacies of the Eastern heirs.
Phelps left $20,000 to tx» divided among
the-, heirs of four sisters and two
brothers. One of the sisters, Permella
Harris, left nine heirs, one of them be
ing' Eliabeth Carpenter, insane, who
lives in Pennsylvania. Mrs. Carpenter's
guardian, Joseph Leggett,". yesterday
petitioned the court for permission to
settle her claim for (370. and as guar
dian of Blanche, Hazel and Nellie Shel
11 to he desires to settle their claims for.
Slllleacfc. *9
H. W. Hiller and W. H. Boren were
arrested at Redding last Monday for
land frauds alleged to have been per
petrated in Shasta County. The tech
nical charge against the prisoners is
obtaining money by false pretenses. It
is alleged that they induced persons
to file upon certain worthless lands
under the stone and timber acts, un
der the -promise that the claimants
would ' rceive IS for each acre. As
sistant United States Attorney Charles
M. Fickert left for Redding last night
to attend to the case.
Arrested for Land Frauds.
Mayor Schmitz has not as yet an
nounced the name cf the successor to-
Dr. J. C. Stinson on the Health Board.
His Honor has among- others the names
cf Dr. Charle3 G. Levison, professor of
surgery in th? University cf California;
Dr. Dudley Talt and Dr. A. S. Adler,
at present one of the City Physicians,
tmder consideration. The appointment!
hoTvever, may not be ma<le for several
days yet and another physician may be
the choice of the Mayor for the place.
Vacancy on Health Board.
A round-trip rate of ?t will be . made by
the Southern Pacific to Hotel Del Monte, tick
ets socd Bo'ns ¦Wednesday and Thursday. No
vember 23-24. and returnfng Friday, November
2T. Golden Weather makes Del Monte ex-
Cfptii-nally beautiful at this season. Golf, au
t'.rr-ohillns. ridinr. driving and all outdoor
recreations. ¦ Through parlcr car on 3 p. m.
train. Tickets at Third and Townsend streets
dep ct and 613 Market *tr««t. . • V
Thantegivins Day at Del Monte.
WOCTX> PROTECT SUAU, DAHtrSS. —
Oakland. Nov. IS. — Th- ordinance and Judiciary
committee of the City Council has referr»-l
back to the Beard of Health a bill to r«ffara:*
dairies on the jrcmnd tiat ths raeajur* de*-»
not discriminate ia fa^or cf owaers of ccs
cr two cows as acainst t$£ larjs datrie3 la
f.x'.-x; the proposed license, tax.
CR VDUATIXG CLASS ENTERTAINS.—
Oak'an-i Nor. IS.— The graduating clas« of
the Polytechnic Hiyh School gmve a mtastr«I
and vaudevtll* *&o-w at Foresters" Hall this
e\ -»Qine In celebration of the clese of the
srhool cours*. The entertainment was a suc
cess in everr . cartlcular ¦ and was well at
terd»d Ames* those who took part la the
show 'w«»r«: 'J. Kearney. C Hukenfcam. J.
I>Unx P Ntchofas. A. Cossrove. J. Brttton.
Miss J*sste Lambert, iliss Bunker and Miss
Pecdletcn. ". '.-'; . "
The ca«e of George E. Letcher of San
Jose, charged on complaint of Attorney
C. G. Narle with being a fugitive from
justice, was to have been heard by
Judge Cook yesterday. At the request
of th<» attorney for the defendant tho
hoarine was continued till this morn
ing. I^etcher is accused of committing
the crime of arson in Williams County,
Ohio, about twenty years ago. It is
said that an application will be made
to Governor Pardee for Letcher's re
lease- from custody.
Letcher Hearing: Postponed.
Health Officer Ragan reports that
dysentery is becoming prevalent in this
city and he advises extra precautions
fn th*r matter of food and drinking-wa
ter. Three deaths from the disease oc
curred during the past week and there
has been a number of cases in the
Almshouse and city prisons. Samples
of water nnd milk supplied to the city
districts were submitted for bacterio
logical analysis and the homes of those
vho have suffered from the disease will
be disinfected.
Dysentery Prevalent.
William Henderson, who pleaded
guilty to a charge of manslaughter in
connection with the murder of Po
liceman Eugene C. Robinson at Six
teenth and Valencia streets on Janu
ary 21, 1902, appeared for sentence
before Judge Cook yesterday. Hen
derson, turned State's evidence and
testified for the prosecution at the
trials of his co-defendants. Woods,
Kauffman. Coulter and Kennedy. He
has yet to testify at the trial of "Kid"
Goucher. This will probably be next
March, or as soon as Goucher is re
leased from the Stillwater penitentiary
in Minnesota.
When the case was called yesterday
Attorney T. P. O'Connor said he
thought: that in accordance with the
arrangement with the District Attor
ney Henderson should gef his free
dom. He understood, however, that
if that course were adopted the Dis
trict Attorney would arrest Hender
son for assault with a deadly weapon
upon Detective Taylor, i
The Judge said that Henderson had
fulfilled his contract and arrange
ments should be made to release him
on bonds. He asked Henderson If he
would be present at the trial of
Goucher. because if not he could be
arrested" anywhere and brought back.
Henderson answered that he would be
on hand at the Goucher trJaL
The District Attorney wanted a con
tinuance for a month, but the.Judg^
put the case over till November ,2$
for. final disposition.
Judge Cook Insists That Final Dispo
sition Be Made of the Case on
November 28.
HENDERSON ANXIOUS TO
; ¦ \ ¦ REGAIN HIS FREEDOM
An autopsy performed on the body
last night at the Morgue by Dr. Baci
galupi resulted in the finding of two
bullets In the head. One was Dehind
the left ear and the other, fired into
the mouth, had entered the brain.
The first bullet had not penetrated the
skull and would hardly have produced
"Heath or even unconsciousness. It i3
the opinion of the autopsy surgeon
that the case is one of suicide and that
Wildennuth, finding that the weapon
did not accomplish his purpose at th-5
first shot, fired the other.- which
caused his death.
JdiU3 Wildermuth was found dead
in his bathtub yesterday afternoon at
his residence. 319 Howard street. A
revolver was clutched in his right
hand and a bullet wound was in hi3
head. He owned a restaurant at 310
Folsom street and had been sick for
some time.
Sick and Discouraged Restaurateur
Seeks Grave as Surcease fdr
Earthly Sorrows.
3Iayor Schmitz and Various Candi
dates Are Amonc Those "Who
Made Cash Contributions.
The Union Labor party yesterday
filed a statement • with the Election
Commission showing that it expended
$142S 30 for hall rent, stationery, music,
etc.. durine its campaign at the last
election. The receipts . aggregated
J1437 25. to which the folowlir? candi
dates contributed: P. F. Roller, secre
tary of the convention, $104 23; Charles
J. Williams, candidate for Congress.
Fourth District. $250; Superior Judge
Murasky.'JlOO: George B. Keane, Sena
torial candidate. 524: E. J. Livernash.
Congressional candidate. 5100: James L.
Gallagher, $5.0; R- J- Welch, $24: Judge
Charles T. Conlan, $150; D. W. Burch
ard S'-O: Frank A. Maestretti, $10;
Mayor Eusene E. Schrnitz. $500; Police
Commissioner Thomas Reagan, $-0,
and various "amounts from others. The
sum of -SS95 remains unexpended. -
JULIUS WTLDERMUTH
ENDS LIFE WITH BULLET
UNION LABOR PARTY FILES
STATEMENT OF EXPENSES
AMOS WATKINS, assistant superin- j
tendent.
GEORGE MEUHL. draftsman.
* THOMAS JENNINGS, employe.
The injured include: John Ken- i
rcdy, struck by flying steel; J. G. Lo- \
gan, blown out of the wrecked plant; :
Max Wrabble. right foot blown off. In- |
ternal injuries, arm and leg broken; \
C. W. Grant, blown from third floor of j
building, body crushed, may die: Al- !
fred Cox. internally injured, will prob- j
ably die; Edward Boese, both legs ;
broken, will recover.
The- Pyle Company supplies llluml- I
nation for railroad coaches. This il- >
luminant is forced into small retorts, [
which when attached under the floor ¦
of a car will supply it with light for ;
months. In order to make this pos- ,
sible the retorts are subjected to an •'
extremely high pressure. It was such !
a tank that caused the first explosion. •
While wreckage filled the air, other |
retorts exploded in such rapid • succes- 1
Fion that it was almost impossible to j
distinguish the separate detonations. \
There were nine such explosions In j
all. and these left the plant In flames, j
which kept the fire department busy I
for several hours. The total property!
less 13 575.000. i
CHICAGO, Not. 18. — Four persons
were killed and a score Injured to-day
by a series, of gas explosions that de
stroyed the plant of the Pyle Electric
Headlight Company. The shocks of
thr- explosions were so severe that all
the buildings near the - demolished
plant were damaged and windows were
shattered for blocks, while persons
were thrown from their feet. Over
pressure is believed to have caused the
accident.
The dead;
RALPH WELLS, superintendent.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending November 17 aggre
gate 1.2S3.642 bushels, against 1,454,276
last week. 6,974,277 last year and 5,277,
672 in 1302. From July 1 to date the ex
ports aggregate .26.678,081 bushels,
against 64.S76.02S last year.
Business failures in the United
States for the week ending November
17 number 190, against 18 1 last week,
234 In the like week in 1903 and 201 in
1902. In Canada failures for the week
number 24. as against 25 last week and
16 last year.
Ravr wool is weaker, available sup
plies. being curtailed. There has been
Improvement In the jobbing distribu
tion since the election. Cold weather
will help seasonable goods.
GAIXS SINCE ELECTION.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say: Re
ports from the great basic industries
an? more favorable. and wholesale and
jobbing trade in holiday and spring
goods displays a more connden't tone.
Interior buyers appear more willing to
stock up and are meeting with fair
success, despite the fact that unseason
able weather, activity in fall farm
work and seme holding back by farm
ers retard trade and collections In the
West and Northwest. Cold weather at
the East and seasonable conditions at
the South induce better reports as to
final distribution from those sections.
Trade grene rally is showing g'alns over
corresponding periods a year ago and
the aggregate year's business in moat
lines will make j better comparisons
than at one time seemed possible.
Money displays remarkable ease,
crop moving necessities are about sat
isfied and a return flow from the coun
try is apparently in sight. Gross rail
way* earnings show a tendency to in^
crease late gains and to swell earnings
for the year to totals above those of
1303. Net returns may fall behind last
year, but only slightly.
Dry weather for winter wheat Is a
Caw in the outlook, but may yet be re
paired with seasonable climatic con
ditions. .':C^l-
From the highest forms of machinery
and other finished steel products down
to scrap and pig iron, there is evidence
of a bettor demand and an upward ten
dency in quotations.
Cheaper Russian wools are being
tried for clothing fabrics and a large
American attendance is expected at the
London sale next week. Failures this
week numbered 21?v in the United
States, against 243 last year, and 27 in
Canada, against 17 a year ago.
BRADSTREETS REPORT.
Foreign trade is exceeding the most
sanguine expectations. Official returns
for October make the value of, exports
$162,570,393, exceeding every month on
record with the exception of October
1S00. which reported only 1300,000 larger
exports.
N'EW YORK. Nov. 1?.— Dun's Weekly
Review cf Trade will say:
fiusiness was retarded this week by
the Etorms which interrupted tele
graphic communication, but the loss
was quickly recovered and retail trade
responded to- the lower temperature,
when a large jobbing distribution of
holiday goods occurred. On the whole,
conditions steadily improved. Confi
dence is increasing, particularly in the
steel and textile products, and building
operations are very vigorous for this
season, while mercantile collections 2re
more prompt. Farm staples are slight
ly cheaper in response to splendid dis
patches from agricultural centers, and
railroad blockades have delayed th«
delivery of grain and merchandise.
Railway earnings thus far reported for
November are 8.6 per cent larger than
last year.
Improvement Noted in the
Leading Industries as
Close of Year Approaches
Accident in Gas Plant in
Chicago Also Eesults in
Injuries to Twenty Others
i - Acting Chief Dougherty was author
ized to suggest a schedule of compar
ative weights and heights for appli
cants for positions as engineers in the
Fire Department and submit the same
to the Civil Service Commissioners.
Dougherty said that lightweight men
are preferable, as employes have a
tendency to put on flesh after enter
ing the department. One man has
gained fifty pounds and another forty
and it is impossible to get two men
of their size on the tail of the same
engine.
Charles Reinfeld of Engine 1 was
fined two days' pay for entering a sa
loon while on duty. James Bohean
of >To. 19 suffers the loss of three
days', pay for intoxication, and M. Cun
ningham of Chemical No 3 must give
up six days' pay for failure to respond
to an alarm.
Commissioner Boyne announces
that the department finds it almost
impossible to procure enough horses.
Ten buggy horses and from twenty to j
thirty engine horses are needed at j
once, fa- which a liberal price will be
paid.
John J. Collins, a truckman on No.
17, resigned and John F. Smith was
appointed to fill the vacancy. The ap
plication of M. J. O'Connor of Engine
No. 22 for a remittance of a fine im
posed was denied. Transfers were j
made as follows: John Hartford from j
stoker of No. 25 to driver of No. 33, i
and J. McNamara from driver of No. I
33 to stoker of No. 25; T. Cashin from
hoseman of No. 4 to No. 23.
Commissioners to Urge Matter Before
the Legislature — More Horses
Are Wanted.
At the meeting of the Fire Commis
sioners yesterday Commissioner Par
ry was delegated to Investigate and
report as to the best means of procur
ing a flreboat for the bay. He pro
poses bringing the matter before the
Legislature and will ask the repre
sentatives of all the bay counties to
join In and work for the \. ..ssage of
the bill.
Argument was had yesterday before
' • i States Circuit Judge Morrow
l several cases of the Otis Elevator
Company vs. Van Emon and the Van
Hrr.on Engineering Company on the
motion for a restraining: order. The
uint mad* bv the respondents is that
< elevator companies have
formed a trust to hold certain patents
ar.i have therefore violated the Sher
man anti-trust lair. The argument
on the other side was that a p-itsnt
- a monopoly by its very nature
. wid a lawful monopoly that could not
b« d:5turbed. The point was taken
'• -umi^r advisement.
Novelty in a Patent Case.
TRADE SHOWS
HEAVY GAINS
FOUR KILLED
BY EXPLOSION
WILL AGAIN ATTEMPT
TO PROCURE FTREBOAT
ATTORNET WHO IS UNDER ARREST FOR DRILI-ING AND ABSTRACTING
GOLD FROM T"WENTY-DGLL.\R PIK^ES AND WHO THE SECRET SEK VICE
AGENTS SAT COMMITTED A FEI-OXY SEVERAL TEARS AGO.
FALL RIVER, Mass., Nov. IS.— The
steamship Boston brought twenty-sev
en persons from the Mohawk, including
twenty-five of the crew and two wom
en, wives of officers of the Mohawk.
The night watchman of the steamer, a
Swede named iiarsen, was lost. It is
supposed he was burned to death.
the Watchman.
All Rescued From Burning Snip but
TAKEN" TO FALL RTVER-
An unidentified man. evidently a
Jew, 60 or €5 years old. killed himself
yesterday afternoon in Golden Gate
Park back of the Japanese tea gar
den. His body was found sitting in
a chair with a pistol clutched En the
right hand. He had gray side whis
ker? and mustache, gray or light
brows eyes, bald head and prominent
rose, very wide at the point. The
lothing was a gray plaid coat and
yest. pray striped trousers, black over
coat, gilt sleeve buttons, small black
string necktie and collar turned down
• the points. The collar bore the
laundry mark "411." There was
>thing else on the body by which it
might be identified.
Unidentified Man Suicides.
"For a time these drilled twenties fell
around like nuts from a shaken tree.
Bank cashiers, accustomed as they
were to the handling of money, took
the coins without the least suspicion.
It was only when the eagle eye of
Cashier Tom Burrs of the United
States Sub-Treasury fell upon the rim
of one of the drilled double eagles and
discovered that it had been tampered
with that cashiers were put upon their
guard.
"After Cary returned from the country
a few weeks azo he had net much capi
tal to work upon. Twenties were not
plentiful with him and he was working
at the rate of only one a day. when we
succeeded in establishing an impregna
ble case against him and took him in."
Agent Hazen found that much of the
drilled gold taken from the double
eagle? had been sold by Cary to Hugo
Lardecker & Co.. money brokers, with
offices at 11? Montgomery street. Mr.
Hai.en said yesterday, that he had con
siderable difficulty in inducing Mr.
Landecker to admit that he was the
purchaser.
The secret service men do not believe
the statement of Cary that he drilled
only at the rate of one double eagle
per day. Said Agent Hazen yesterday:
As soon as Cary left the place the
sleuths entered, examined the coin,
found that it had been drilled, and
marked it for identification, at the
same time requesting the young woman
cashier to keep the coin, to be used as
evidence against Cary. Then they
started out shadowing the lawyer
again. Since the arrest Butcher Weiler
has been visited several times by Agent
Hazen, who demanded the surrender of
the marked coin. "Weiler said that he
would give it up if Hazen would give
him $20 for it. Hazen offered to give
him an official receipt for the coin with
the promise that it would be returned
to him after the trial, when he. could
sell it for the bullion value of the gold
in it, which would be about $17. But
Weiler was obstinate, thinking that the
officer was trying to defraud him of the
money. It was in vain that Hazen
showed his authority and reasoned
with him that it was a hazardous un
dertaking to oppose Uncle Sam in any
request of that kind. Finding that
Weiler could not be moved except with
a legal crowbar. Hazen swore to a com
plaint yesterday afternoon charging
the man with being willfully, knowing
ly and feloniously in possession of an
altered and debased gold coin of the
United States. Assistant United States
Attorney Charles tt. Fickert drew the
complaint and United States Commis
sioner Heacock issued the warrant of
arrest. It was placed in the hands of
Deputy United States Marshals Ding
ley and Dryd<?n with peremptory in
structions to take Weiier and the coin
into custody.
LOCATE PURCHASER.
Lawyer James H. Cary remains in
Jail In default of the required bond of
$5000 and the United States Secret Ser
vice agents are picking up the threads
c-f what they term his criminal career.
United States Secret Service Agent
Hazen announced yesterday his dis
covery that a few years ago Cary was
placed under detention by the ilorse
Detective Agency for forging the name
cf Henry Bull to several checks, which
Cary presented and collected. Detec
tive Byrarn took a hand in the capture
at that time. The case was settled
without publicity on the payment by
Cary's friends of the sum collected c-n
the forged papers. Agent Hazen has
learned, he says, that Cary was very
well known, and unfavorably so. for
shady transactions in the Yellowstone
saloon and by Andy Wcods of the Au
ditorium. Mr. Hazen has learned also
that Harry Taylor, who committed sui
cide in this city a few ye'ars ago, was
a client c-f Cary and that Cary's un
fair treatment Impelled him to take
his life.
A comical incident in the coin drill
ing case Is the plight in which Leon
ard B. Weiler has got himself. He
is proprietor of the Sonoma market.
1307 Polk street. Haten and his assis
tant, Thomas B. Foster, were trailing
Cary last Tuesday, the day preceding
the lawyer's arrest, and saw him go
into Weiler's place and have a $20 piece
changed. •
THE COIN" FOUXD.
BUTCHER DEFIES "LAW
Benbow finally released his hold
¦n ;:h one hand and in imminent dang
er «f being: tossed from the car low
ered a second rope to the ground, and
was pulled safely down.
After an examination of the airship
Benbow stated that the damage was
very slight, only two spars being
broken. He can rr.ake the necessary
repairs in four hours.
When the airship's drag rope caught
in the tree the position of the navi
gator was extremely perilous. The fiy
:r.g machine was pitching and tossing
cr. the end of the rope, more than
eighty fe*t from the ground, and it
w.is only by the utmost exertion that
he prevented himself from, being
thrown from the basket.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 1. — The airship of
T. C. Benbow of Columbus was cast
loose in the aeronautic concourse at
the World's Fair to-day and it im
mediately ascended eighty feet. Just
after the fiyiixg machine was about to
dear the fence of the concourse the
anchor caught and held it fast- After
being released the hooks caught in a
tree and the machine after being up
fot only five minutes was brought to
the ground. There was only a slight
wind blowing. The machine landed
outside the concourse and was taken
back and housed in the aerodrome.
NEW YORK, Nov. I. — While bound
down Long Island Sound on one of her
regular passages from this city to New
London. Conn., the freight steamship
Mohawk of the Central Vermont Rail
road took fire early to-day off Hor
; tons Point, R. I., and was burned to
the water's edge. Her crew, excepting
| the- watchman, were rescued by a
! passing steamship and taken to Fall
River, Mass. It Is believed the Mo
hawk will be a total loss and that lit
tle, If any. of her. cargo will be saved.
| The liohawk left New York last
evening with a full cargo of general
merchandise. She had twenty-two
persons on board, including two wom
: en. As the steamer nassed Hortons
• Point the lighthouse keeper saw a
! blaze breaking from the boat and a
! few minutes later she was wrapped in
j flames. Assistance was near at hand
; in the shape of the Fall River line
! steamship Boston, whidh had closely
i followed the Mohawk down the sound,
¦ and those on board the burning-steam
! er, with the one exception noted, were
| taken off. The flames had passed be
yond control, however, and the Mo
'"hawk was abandoned to her fate.
} When dawn came the vessel was ly
ing fast on the bar off Hortons Point
• and only a portion of her upper work3
1 showed above the surface. This grad
j ually disappeared as the fire ate It3
! way into the hull of the boat.
Mohawk Burns to Water's
Edge and. With Her Cargo,
Will Be a Complete Loss
Weiler horced to Give
Up the Coin.
SHADOWED FORWEEKS
ALL SAVED BUT OXE
ROPES CATCH IX TREE
Machine Pitches and Tosses
and Aeronaut Is Almost
Thrown Out of the Basket
Sailors Have Narrow Escape
From Flames on Freight
Ship on Long Island Sound
Ascension From the World's
Fair Grounds Nearly Ee
suits in Fatal Accident
Old Forgery Case is
Brought to Light
VESSEL FALLS
PREY TO FIRE
AIRSHIP MEETS
WITH MISHAP
LAWYER JAMES GARY'S CRIMINAL HISTORY REVEALED
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19,- 1904.
5
"FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW. FLOUR.
The Newest and Best Family
Flour on: the Market. ,
Every Detail ¦* of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars. ¦
ADVEimsatEXTa.^_^
The more purely negatiTe soap is,
the nearer does it approach perfection.
Unless yon hare nscd Pears' soap
yon probably do not kpow what we
mean by a soap with no free - fat or al-
kali in it — nothing but soap.
Established ever ioo years.
P ART ro S | C™ SIC K HEADACHE.
ESittle Genuine Must Bear
|f 1VER Fac-Sinsile Sigr^tare
1PIU.S. -^ -«^*— ' -2
, ... .:.^ ".-'".- ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
. i *
j Free i Freei
Extraordinary Offer
1 HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
I To make their
I Holiday Purchases in the Month of November [i
j Free J25 HO P«c&a« • S7 50 vrorth of gc^ Free
fl with S )Z ' J * L ' U 4** ? JU jour own choice rree
I Frce $10 00 ****** • S3 00 wctth of Free
| with Y >UtUU Y J « UU your own choice r^^
I Fr : ee $5 00 P«ct«e. $t 50 worthof s Free
B with *p*J*VJ\J ypt.^JU yotir own choice * r^ e
I Free $9 50 Purcta* . 75c vorth of Free
a with * youy ovra choice L rcc >
I Free Cf ()0 Purchaje . 25r. worth of *?*? Free
M with 4>>*UU """"• Z~JC* your own choice h
S We want yoti to see our v-
I Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
1 and Newest Creations
I Elite Chinaware, Limoges China, French ;
I China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate !
a Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
j Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware,
¦ Novelties, and Dolls. ' \
1 Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest, [
}| Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected !
J from the Markets of the World.
i| Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts, !¦
I , Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates. ;
3 We want you to see our very reasonable priccs» I
9 We want you to come fust to lcok. *
U Take advantage of this yztj liberal offer. jj.
Il j CUT HERE CUT HERE
§ (\ - CUT OUT THIS COUPON, fcriag it to any of our stores before I
r| -j. Dec«nfe«f 10, 1904, and rtc«ve with each purchase as listed -
a • * above a very handsome present cfycurowa Klectioa. 2
I = SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Nov. 19 , 1904 = ¦
II Z • Ccnie fast to ioofc. f '
0 '- Bring this Cottpoa -with you to any of our stores. f-
H - , WOT GOOD AfTtR DtCCMBtfl tn. t9OA i
S CtTT HERE CI.T KE«K ]
§ Great American Importing lea Co. ]
9 C1TZ STOSSS: em
1 861 Mazket tt. 313 Sotter rt. 705 LarM3 rfc. 2732 S4t^ st. 1
3 140Slxtist. 20C8 Pillnore rt. 1-M Statin. 206 Tilrd rt. §1
1 475Haizttst. 355 Hayes st. 52 Mir>et «. 469 PoxmJi st. >¦!
¦ 1813 Devisadero tz. 3006 Sixt««atli rt. 631 Mcni3srcrier7 arc. 366 Ti-.rd is. SQ
a 1419 Polk st. 3235 *Ii3sica st. 2516 5I5ssi-;a »t. i
1 ' OASLAHO, ALAMXDi ASS BSSS£IST STO323: ;
I 1053 Waa&i&rtcn rt. 1510 Scrtsth rt. Beriele-, 3141 C«at«r rt ;
g 1185 33d at*. 616 X. 12ti tX. Alasieda. 1035 Park rt.
a - * I STOSSS XX OTHIS CITIES A2TO TO WITS:
j San Jcs-. 12S S. First wt. Saa Bernardino, 421 Thirf st. Leg Bcaci. 22) Pi=e av«.
3 Sacra tr^n to. 4C6 K it. Sm:i Ei:t*n. tCl ;:i:« <:. JlerceJ. 4W» Ma in *t.
i ?acrans<>nto. s«>4 J sC § S«J) Pi»«o. 922 Fifth st. N*sradaOty.Pic« stilas. bMff.
3 ?tnta ("rui. 14O Pacific *¦»«. SarLul»ObJspo.729H:ru»raat. Jl-dlam's. I* E. Statist.
¦ St>jcktf.n. 4*5 E. Main st. TTilare. Kcm at., near K. Santa llcr.tca. 227 Third »t.
3 Gilrcr. 13 N. Monterey »t. Virginia Cltr. t$ **. C at. Sin»Aaa 2f9 E- Fourti st. i
| Lo» Gates. East Main rt. Ventura. 2CS Main st. Vi^alia. Tit Main st.
1 • ?anL*andn?.Sar.I>oren2oav#. Crockett. , Wootflaad. 5SJ Mata «t ["
¦ Lc5AEj»«ifi>. 422S. Broadway. Lincoln. -12:; Main »t. :
9 Lc«Arr«»Ies,2323Pasa<le3a av. Winters. "Vnict^. » First st.
| Salt Lake, 24i Mala st. Rid^rocd City. Cfctca.TVSwy..b't. - Sd 4tth »t»
i Portland. -"St Washlnston st. Sutter Cre»i». CarscnCU>.Cars"i*st.nr.Klas. !
I Perttaa.l. 223 Flr*t St. Nar». 5 Main st. BriBT>»7n City. Main si.
I 5eatt!«. ?>CS Second ave. Petalaina. S2* Main «t- ¦ Mo*?»rr>. I<lth *t.. b»t- HAL
I S^attl*. 3C» PUe st. St. Hcl-na. Main «. OrovHIe. 3L» Meyers st. i
I Taccma. 9-TT C st Santa Rcsa. 411 Fonrtn st. Pram Acn-i»rar ¦•»•». ;
I 5pok»ne. 010 9prasa<» »r«. V«I>Jo. 333 Georgia st. ParkCi;r,Main st.SesieMs tj. £
I O?:ten S40 Twenty-ffMh st. Hayw4rrls.Bst..bet.Maln&l3t. F.p.iBIu.T.Main & Oak st*. J"
I Bafe-rsfleli. 1513 13th st. San Rafael, 8C3 Feu rth st. SaHnas. 2Tv* Main st. ?
I Fr*»no 1143 J s>t. Pasader.a. 19«> E. Cctora-io st. Qr*g-inClvy.il*in »t,so.3th. 3
I M-.rysvll#. X?2 D st. Astoria 571 Commercial st. He-»ldJlurg. J
I Pomona. 4'>2 "W. Second st. Eu*»ne. 30 E. Ninth »t. Placerviil*. ; :
j R»no 19 Comraerflil njw. Eureka, ccr. Fifth and F sta. Oc-an View. T'
I Rediitnv. 421 Market st_ Grass Valley. M Mill »t. •'aiisr- t» " ;
3 Riverside. Ml Main st. Hanford. VX> N. Ir^ln st. Soncn-a. ,]
I Our IOO Stores HelpUs to Help Yon. [
AD VERTJ SEM ENTS.
Saturday,
Nov. 19,
Ticket? will be so'd
by Southern Pacific
RoundTrip
Good from Saturday
to Monday, to
SANTA
CRUZ
Military band con-
certs on the beach,
hot salt water plunge
baths, mammoth ca-
sino and pleasure pier,
boating and * fishing.
Beautiftil drives and
¦walks and delightful
saashiny -nreather. Ask
for full particulars.
Southern
x 3.C1I1C
Third and Totvnsend
streets' depot, or 613
MARKET STREET.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great j?
iSUSEUl! OF AMTOHY*
Q Cfo -il 1U22K O. tat t'U'±. 8.I-W. A
lj A *-Vor d. W rirrrun or J»y rtrnmef^t £J
C £2^fi CH * *B22AH-C'SEASES CF KEJI *
0 fl if4i n "^"• r *« B - pcr-ontl-y er b» letter. A Q
» " y il IJ A«»« Oci m jre77 eKe us4crtaken. T
>" ii . ¦r-'* '-* *¦ «- riiii.o«ofav*f A
r ¦ I U\ ataaucr. w»rr.r- r*£S. { a V
A O 11 '«-•=•* t-e* tm n«O \
V t>B JOC3A.V A «•©.. ;^J 5f«rk»t KL.8. F. V
r/gj&Z&n MEHttiD WOMEN."
«\jjr3L^cCB£*^MEf Cm Blf G for cua»tcrai
jS*bW** 1 s» • **-*>g discii»rc«i,i2£*sin*ticBt.
fci&a GnMnztw. || irriU-Ucof cr ulrer»rioat <
SL*»S i* : « r_-:«-s~. of Diccai Dtabrutti :
rrwrt^WH Ps.:3;««». ats cot ulria- !
T7» » \ r -~ - f '~* ¦**'-*¦ "-'- '-* c»at or pei*ococs-
yfi|St "".sr:*"iT:.;.B|*^<s-j Sc-M by Drc( c^sta. {
>-7"«5< «-*•*- V»-~-« * OT "St is ;Si::i -»r*p5«t .
•^£b fc * «pr«M. prtpiid. Jar I
¦» OresI*/ nzt oa nssttt-
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
en Application. .
FSXSH A3T> SALT 302ULTS.
-EAE7 UCOrS A3TO SXTLIQHTS.
All kfni» r«p»ir»d. Olcb« £h«*t Metal Work*.
UTC-nrs Mission «. Phcne Main S4CL
ores.
I-CBEICATIXC OILS: LEONARD & TtJJS.
4ls Frcst »c S. K. Ptioo* M*!a ITU.
F C fTTfilTF^ PRINTER.
r- U ULUOrO. en Eastern* it,&7.
9 TrtAIMKodVllNo
f COOKING UTENSILS
If , This Departirient is the tnost complete in the ci:y. Every- ;
a thing necessary in art of cooking can be found here, even to i
% the smallest detail— novelties of all kinds. Ju>t now n*e are i
¦ showing a" fine line of Turkey Roasters. Puddinz Melds, Food »
f[ and Vegetable Chonoers. Mayonnaise Miners, Etc >
8 I See Cur Thzr.ksjirir.j Dtilaf tar li-as en Tab.9 j 1/
9 '¦'• * § * Aiocintments — in oar Item ErjQlrsb Room — _J ' 3
1 I r i:2£-i3:a sutterst. v jUNHAPPY WIVES.— Oakland. Nov. IS.—
Suits for divorce were besrun 'to-day by Rose
Batters»by arralnst John J. Battersby. whom she
cbanc»« trlth Intemperance and -cruelty; Mar-.
ofcia .\. «'ardos«y againct '.Anthony: I. Cardooey,
uif^lrip cro;Tii«l cf neclei-t. Sh«> has one. child,
of which -she n^ks, the custody.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18. — Senseless and
bleeding from a blow on the head, a
Japanese, unidentified, was found last
night at Fruitvale by Constable
Thomas Carroll who took the injured
man to the residence o# Frederick
Gay, a postal ' clerk. When he recov
ered'eonsciousness the -young man said
lie had been beaten and robbed, by two
men. Physicians attended the injured
man. .
Japanese Beaten and Robbed.
DEATH OF TWO CHILDREN.— Oakland.
Nov 18. — Chester Johnson, aged 7 years, died
this morning at the home of his aunt. Mrs.*
W. H. Hammond, in Fruitvale, where he has
made his home for the last year. The mother
of the boy liver In ban Rafael. Death was
caused by diphtheria. The S-year-old ssn of
Mr. end Mrs. W. V." Holloway dledUo-tiay at
the family residence. 1307 • Shattuck avenue,'
Berkeley. The funeral will be held to-morrow.
OAKLAND. 3« T ov. 18.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Walter Kem
mersoir, ov«r 21,'and Klttie Shannahan
over 18, both of San Francisco- John
J. Lawrence, 23, and Addle Hansen 19
both of Haywards; Jacob W. Ressler'
over 21, and ~Ada E. Glllmore, over is'
both of Oakland; George W. Klopn'
over 21, San Francisco, and Jennie E
Manuel, over 18. Oakland; Joseph s
Escobar 28. end Julia Silva, 22. both of
Oakland; Isador Mendelson, SO Port
land, and Sarah Bercovlch "9 Oafc
land: William Kincald. 32. and'j'ulia A
Summers, 25, both of Oakland
Marriage Licenses.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 18. — Mrs. Grace
Marand Fennessy, 28 years old, wife
of James E. Fennessy, proprietor of
Heuck's Opera-house, committed sui
cide to-night- by swallowing carbolic
acid: Recently her husband institut
ed divorce proceedings and, she has
been' despondent ever 'since.
Divorce Suit Too Mudr'for Her.
Remains of Mrs. Lauru C. Campbell
Arc Interred at Mountain View
Cemetery*
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— The remains of
Mrs. Laura C. Campbell, who died at
the Receiving Hospital fror- the effects
of a bullet wound received at the hands
of her husband, Lem Campbell," were
laid to rest to-day in Mountain View
Cemetery. The funeral services were
conducted by the Rev. Mr. Burgess,
pastor of the Second Congregational
Ohurch. *» , -
The inquest will be held at 7 o'clock
to-morrow evening at the office of Cor
oner Mehrmann.
VICTIM OF HUSBAND'S
BULLET LAID TO REST
Dr. A. K. Crawford, president: A J Smill*
vice president: D. Edward Collins. treasur^r :
Jchn C. Veitch. recording secretary; John Mc-
Millan, financial secretary; board of direct
ore— G. S. Lackie. Robert 1 Iowden ' \ J
Smilie. Robert Dalziel. James I? Low*' boarii
of relief— Hutfi Hamilton. James P. 'Taylor
James Hutchison; librarian. Frank C Rollo
physician. • Dr. A. K. Crawford; chaplain R«v*
J. K. McLean.
Banquet in Honor of Patron Saint.
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— The annual
banquet of the St. Andrews Socie'ty. In
honor of St. Andrew's day. will be held
at the Hotel Metropole on Friday
evening. December 2. At the last
meeting of the society the following
officers were elected for the ensuing
term: *
OAKLAND, Nov. IS.— The Board of
Public Works is not satisfied with the
appropriation of $6000 made by the
City Council for the erection of a new
fire engine house at Goldert Gate. Fire
Chief N. A. Ball reported to the board
tc-day that this allowance was not
within $1500 of enough to erect a
suitable wooden structure to take the
place of the ramshackle building in
use. Ball and the/ commissioners were
of the opinidn that it would be poor
economy to replace the wooden
house with one of wood. They con
cluded that if a new structure should
be erected it should be of brick, i
To the end that the Council may
consider the advisability of appropriat
ing $12,000. the estimated cost of; a
brick house,, the board referred the
proposed allowance back.
Ask Increase for Fire House.
Chairman Burton of the Congres
sional Committee on Rivers and Har
bors has called the committee to
Washington to draft a bill to be pre
sented at the next session of Congress.
Senator Perkins and Congressman
James McLachlan are members of the
committee.
OAKLAND, Nov. IS. — The Oakland
Board of Trade is taking steps to get
an appropriation for the deepening of
Oakland harbor and during 1 the early
part' of next week the harbor and wa
ter front committee, of the board will
hold a conference with Senator Per
kins' and Congressman Joseph R.
Knowland regarding the requirements
of Oakland harbor. It is the purpose
to have a uniform depth of twenty
five feet at low tide.
Board of Trade Committee to Confer
With Senzitor Perkins and Con
'.•>S.^i gregsiniin K&iowluntl.
SEEK APPROPRIATION' TOR
DEEPENING OAKLAND IIARB6r
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 18. — The
grievance committee of the Santa F3
engineers in session here is tryinc to
secure a settlement of the machin
ists* strike. It alleges that the equip
ment of the road as kept up by th<*
non-union machinists is .not satisfac
tory. The officials of the road deny
this and say they will not' resume ne
gotiations with the strikers.
Seek to End Santa Fc Strike,
-OPPOSE CONSOLIDATION.— Alameda, Nov.
IS. — The ¦ West End Improvement Association
has, put itself on record as -belnc. opposed to
any 'measure that - legislators may attempt to
put through at SEcramento with the' purpose
of annexing this city to Oakland. The presi
dent of the association has been authorized to
ar-point a committee to ¦watch the movement
that has been Inaugurated by the Oakland
Bo&rd of "Trade for the consolidation of that
city. Alameda and Berkeley.
¦ TO CONTEST WILL.— Oakland. Nov. 1!*.—
Some ot the heirs of tho late Charles H. Slicer
have given notice that there I* to be a contest
made over the eettleme.nt-of the estate of the.
deceased. He died -without leaving any issue
and left property valued at about > $10,000 to
Hugh S. Carpenter, a nephew, and his mother.
Other nephews and niecea believe they aro en
titled to a part of the estate and have given
notice to this effect. . ;'»'•- ;...*•
KXH1BITION OF POULTRY. — Alamcda.
Nov. is. — Commencing on . the llrst of next
month the Alameda County Poultry Associa
tion will hold a three Jays' exhibition of fancy
fowls at 1517 l'ark street. Two hundred
special prizes will be awarded to the beat blrda
In the various classes.
FIX SUPERVISORS' BONDS. — Oakland.
Nov. 18. — The five Superior Judges Fittins In
bank io-day met and fixed the bonds cf the
Supervisors for the coming year at ?l5.00O
each. ThJ» la tha same figure at v. hich they
'have been placed in pa^i jears, and th<>actlon
wa3 purely a formal one.
LAUNDRY WORKERS TO GlVK BALL
Oakland Nov. IS. — The local Laundry Work
ers' Union will give a ball Rt Forester's Hall
on Saturday evening, ¦ December 1<\
REMAINS ARRIVE FOR INTERMENT.—
Oakland. Nov. IS.— The remains of John Wlck
liam Leigh, a prominent Democratic i>olitlclan,
arrived in this city to-day and will be In
terred in Mountain View Cemetery.
OAKLAND NEWS.
•The resolution was adopted after a
lengthy discussion, participated in by
a score of the most prominent citizens
of Berkeley. A site on ,Shattuck ave
nue was favored by most of the speak
ers.
Resolved. That it is the sense of the North
Berkeley Improvement Club that the site of the
Town Hall should be changed from Its old
location to some place nearer the bu«in^ss
center of town, where It will be more" con
venient and accessible to the people of the
BERKELEY, Nov. 18.— A new site
for the Town .Hall of Berkeley has
been proposed by the Xorth Berkeley
Improvement Club, which, at its meet
ing last night, adopted ths following
resolution:
New Town Tall Site.
In a suit begun some time ago Whea
ton asks for an injunction to stop Kales
from digging up the drain which runs
under his back yard. Twenty years
ago the sewer was a necessity and
several of the residents of that part of
the city contributed money for its com
pletion. Kales says that it Is no longer
needed. He says that his neighbors
have no right to maintain it and says
that he has been forced to keep it in
repair himself In order to save his land
from being flooded. » " * ''
OAKLAND, Nov. 18.— W. M. Kales,
prominent in social circles, replies to
his neighbor, George H. Wheaton, in
an answer filed to-day to the action
begun by Wheaton because of a pri
vate sewer, which drains the palatial
homes of both in the Lakeside district.
The trouble over the drain has caused
a coldness between the two men.
Wheaton wishes to maintain what
Kales designates a nuisance and the
discord has assumed the dignity of an
action in a court of law.
Ancient Sewer Cause of Falling: Out
Among People of Lakeside
District.
NEIGHBORS GO TO COURT
TO SETTLE A DISPUTE
A proof of the extraordinary interest in Ger
man studies ehowii by students at the univer
sity i- found in the circumstance that in the
last three years four German societies have
been organized. Independently of each other.
The German department began this line of ac
tivity by foundins the Deutschcr Vereln In
31*02. and almost Immediately after two other
Ot Miian club?, the Sprechverband and Konver
zation Vereln. were organized. And lastly,
during the present. semeEtei. the Deutscher
/Clrkel was ' formed. Thi-se organizations have
the same principal purpose — to obtain conver
sational practice. German folk songs are suns
and only German Is spoken.
The half hour of music In the Greek The
ater next Sunday afternoon Is to .be provided
by the Glee Club. The programme is to be as
IoUqws: "Pralne," Glee Club; "The Chamber
of Sleep" (Stewart). Glee Club; violin solo (se
lected), W. C. Davis. '07. accompanied by Dr.
H. J. Stewart; 'The Two Grenadiers" (Schu
mann). Glee (Hub; •'Send Out Thy Light"
(Klein). Glee Club.
The new university dramatic association, or
i-nr.y.:- l at the eugsestlon of Professor W. 1>.
Armen, adopted a constiiction at a meeting
held in North Hall to-day. The association is
to iir-.xiuce a clayilcal play In the Greek The
atrr uurins the next frm, co-operating with
other dramatic organizations of the university
to that end.
The senior class h^ld its second annual as
mmbty to-night In Hearnt HalL J. M., Wolf
pohn was chairman of the general committee
in charge, and V. V. Bee the acted as floor
manager.
The old football field is to be used hereafter
for a drill ground. The fence has been re
moved and in other ways the field will be
made suitable for drilling purposes.
The third eerk;s cf lectures In French given
by ltobert Dupouey on Tuesday and Thurs
day afternoons arc proving eo popular that
the classroom I* not adequate to the size of
the audiences. His lecture yesterday on '"The
Cabarets of Montmartre" was beard by a class
that overflowed into the hall. A larger lec
ture room probably will be secured for the re-'
mainder ot th« course.
BERKELEY. Nov. If?.— The short course stu
dents in dairying have followed the custom
of other classes and have adopted & class pin.
Unlike the cuetomary pin. the bar bearing the
class numerals has been omitted and a gold
milk can. bearing the numerals '• '04" has been
EubFtituted. Dark blue Is to be the class
color.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Nov. 13.—
District Attorney Trowbridgre to-day
dismissed the cases of forty-three men,
mostly miners who had been charged
with complicity In the Independence
depot explosion and the Victor riot of
June 6 last. Two of the men had been
In Jail five months. Tha others were
out on bonds.
There remain similar charges against
seventeen men, including Charles H.
Moyer. president, and William D. Hay
wood, secretary-treasurer, of the "West
ern Federation of Miners, but it is
doubtful whether thesa cases will ever
be tried.
Since the election about fifty men.
who had been deported, have returned
to the district and have not been
molested.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Nov. 18. — Eugene
Chrlstensen is in the 'City Prison
charged with attacking and choking
Florence Miller and Lillie Fratls this
evening at the corner of Nineteenth
avenue and East Fourteenth streets.
The two young ladies were on their
w ay home shortly after 9 o'clock from
the Twenty-third avenue station,
where they had been making some
purchases.
At the corner of Nineteenth avenue
Christensen suddenly stepped out
from behind a fence and tried to
choke both girls. He then ran away.
He was arrested in a saloon by Police
man Arnest and identified by the
girls. On the way to the prison in
the patrol wagon he tried to get Po
liceman Henderson's revolver," saying
that he wanted to blow his brains out.
Men Who Ha'd Been Held for
Independence Outrage and
Victor Eiots Dismissed
MAN TRIES TO CHOKE
TWO YOUNG GIRLS
MINERS FREED
IN COLORADO
With two days gone since the returns
be^an to be received, there have been
6000 voters of Oakland express an opin
ion in the postal card canvass by the
special committee on municipal water
supply. At the rate the cards were
sent to t!ie committee to-day It is es
timated by Secretary * Edwin Meese
•¦that at least 8500 to 9500 returns will be
made before the close of the canvass
Monday afternoon.
It is intended to incorporate the re
sult of the canvass in the report which
will be submitted Monday night to the
City Council. That report will be prac
tically along the same lines as the
alatement to the public.
The members of the committee are
much gratified at the large number of
replies they have .received during the
canvass. To them it indicates a lively
interest among the citizens touching
the question of a municipal supply of
water. ?•'.*• I
No data concerning the result of the
vote will be made public until the en
tire count has been completed. Close
secrecy will be observed in this regard
that the committee cannot be charged
with trying to influence the returns.
Concerning the canvass, Mayor Ol
ney eaid to-day:
"The figures are very gratifying.
They are higher than I had believed
would be reached so early in the day.
That a great public interest is being
taken in the canvass there can be no
doubt. I should like to impress upon
voters the "fact that their signed bal
lots will be kept guarded from any pub
licity. As soon as the count has been
made the cards will betheld a month or
so and then burned. No citizen need
feur that his confidence will be vio
lajed." O.- ¦'•; :- ; .:v.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. IS.
-NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— Although two "j
full court days have been taken up in
securing eight of the twelve jurors who .
will decide the fate of Nan Patterson,
who is charged with the murder of
Caesar Young, the incidents in the
courtroom have tended to keep up in
terest in the case. The receipt of a
letter telling of an important new wit
ness was the principal incident.
The letter received was written in
'German and signed "L. Black." The
writer claims to have witnessed the
struggle in the cab and says .that he
saw Young turn the revolver against
his own breast and fire.
"I saw with my own eyes on the
morning of June 4 a man in the cab
with a pistol in his hand. A woman
was seated alongside him," says the
writer. "I saw the man raise the pis
tol, which was in his hand; I heard the
shot and ran as fast as I could. I kept
quiet until now because I thought you
had other witnesses, but for the sake
of the truth I must write you this. I
am willing, should the'occasion demand
it, and If you think it worth while, to
appear before Mr. Jerome and your--,
self and say that I-saw the man hold
the pistol in his hand. I am ready to
take an oath on this, for the sake of
Justice."
Thousands Reply in Postal
Card Canvass on Municipal
Projects for Water Works
Writes to Nan Patterson's
Attorneys That He Saw
Bookmaker Shoot Himself
CITIZENS POLL
MANY BALLOTS
OAKLAND. Nov. 18.— By the will of
the late Mary E. Knowles, widow of
Captain J. N. Knowles, she makes be
quests of more than she has to give
away, and while her estate was sup
posed to be worth many thousands of
dollars the" petition sets forth that all
of the property of which she dies pos
sessed is less than $5000. The explana
tion made is that subsequent to the
making of the will deceased gave away
her means instead of waiting to allow
it to be distributed accor'Ing to the
provisions she had made.
In the will she makes a bequest of
$10,000 to Ellen S. Gordon and provides
that the remainder • f her property is
to be distributed among her six chil
dren. As the property Is less than
$5000 the heirs will probably make
some other settlement.
Wliile Bequests Were Lnrge,' Estate
r . Cannot Satisfy Them, but .Much .
Has Already Been Given.
NEW WITNESS
IN YOUNG CASE
Rear Admiral Is Likely to Follow*
Colonel Hcek?r\s Lrail.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The fric
tion in the Isthmian Canal Commission,
made apparent by the resignation of
Colonel Frank J. Hecker. almost un
doubtedly will lead to the transfer of.
the board to a place of subordination in
the War Department. Secretary Tait
will ask that his department be gtven
control. If this Is done Rear Admiral
Walker, it is said, will follow Colonel
Hecker's lead and resign, for he does
not relish the thought of being chief of
a body controlled by the army.
Developments to-day go to show that
Chief Engineer Wallace is safe in his
position and that any criticism of him
by members of the board was due to his
wish to work faster than they thought
was necessary in an enervating climate.
WIDOW OF LATE CAPTAIN'
KN'OWLES LEAVES LITTLE
WALKER MAY RESIGN'.
The annual bazaar of the Fruitvale
Congregational church opened last
night at Armory Hall in Fruitvale and
will continue until Saturday night.
Quoen Esther Circle of the First
Methodist Church gave an entertain
ment this evening in the parlors' of the
church. The principal number on the
programme was a play, entitled
"Queen and a Kingdom," which was
presented by members of the circle.
The ladies of the Evangel Baptist
Church of Berkeley gave a colonial
bazaar this afternoon and evening at
Stiles Hall.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of the Broth
erhood of Railway Trainmen will give
a bazaar at Sunset Hall. 1684 Seventh
street, to-morrow afternoon and even
ing. Admission to the hall Is free.
The members of Temple No. 11, A. O.
U. W., will give an anniversary ball
at Workmen's Hall, Fifty-first street
and Telegraph avenue, on Saturday
evening. December 3.
The New Era Club of 'the First
Methodist Church will give an elabor
ate banquet next Tuesday evening in
the parlors of the church.
OAKLAND, liov. IS.— The Christian
Endeavor Society of the Market-street
Congregational Church opened their
unique bazaar, called the "Street of
Nations," last night and the affair
promises to be a great success. An en
joyable programme was arranged for
the evening and the various booths did
a thriving" business. The bazaar was
continued this evening. The booths and
those In charge were:
Fancy work booth— Misses Marlon "tt'eBt
land. Annie Chalmers and Mae Baudin.
Icecream booth — Misses EUna Be.ach and
Mabel Nlckerson, George Calg James McLeod,
George Westland and John GHI.
Candy booth — Misses Grace Calg, Grace
Brown and Grace Griffiths.
-Coffee booth — Misses Susie Fascoe and Sadie
Calg. ; ¦ '- . ' - " '
Lemonade booth — Misses ENie Campbell and
Sue Calg... ., ¦
Gypsy booth — Miss Marguprite Lernmor.
Fish i>ond — MiFsre Louise Calg and Gerti*
Campbell, David Calg Jr. and Mansel Grif
fiths. •
Bazaars Arc Well Patronized — Socie
ties and Lodges P{nn Events
For Holiday Season.
CirURCH WORKERS HOLD
MANY EXTERTAIXMEXTS
PANAMA, Nov. IS.— General Huer
tas, the War Minister, resigned to-day
and President Amador, by a decree,
accepted his resignation, leaving Huer
tas the rank of general, unattached,
but with a salary which is equivalent
to a pension. The army will not be
disbanded just now. Generar Guardia,
Secretary of the War Office and an old
veteran, has been appointed to the su
preme command of the troops. Every
thing is quiet now. The censorship on
telegraphic messages has been sus
pended.
General Huertas. in the letter ten
dering his resignation, protests against
the charges brought against him. say-
Ing that he and the troops have been
loyal, but that under the circumstances
(referring to American intervention)
and though they would dearly like to
tight, in order to prevent bloodshed and
to prove his love for Panama he re
signs his office.
The isthmians deplore the event be
cause General Huertas' modesty has
made him very popular.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. 18.— No alarm
is felt at the offices of the Panama
Canal Commission on account of the
recent disturbances on the isthmus fol
lowed by the landing of marines. The
members of the commission have been
advised fully concerning 1 the trouble
and to-day received a cablegram from
General Davis, Governor of the canal
zone, saying that everything is now
quiet.
Tenders His Resignation as
Fanaman War 3linister
to Prevent Any Bloodshed
Interesting results are beirtg secured
by the astronomical department of the
University of California in the use of
the photographic telescope, mounted in
the south dome of the new annex to the
observatory last spring. Drs. Crawford
and Gillihan are operating it success
fully in locating the "Watson asteroids.
The perturbations of the asteroids are
being calculated at the Students' Ob
servatory by Dr. Newkirk and Miss
Hobe, under the direction of Professor
I^euschner.
During the current month plates have
been exposed on every clear night to
two asteroids which are now in opposi
tion, and the asteroids have been found
on every plate.
The photographic telescope fulfills the
expectations of the members of the de
partment. The exposures thus far made
are from one to two hours and stars
down to the twelfth magnitude have
been readily photographed. It is ex
pected that on elear nights, with still
longer exposures, stars fainter by sev
eral magnitudes will appear on the
plates.
The photographic positions which are
now being secured by Drs. Crawford
and Gillihan are of the utmost value in
testing accuracy of the computed per
turbations.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Nov. 18.
President Wheeler had not seen the
military journal's statement, he said,
but rriade the statement that he neither
had written to>. Washington nor had
heard from Washington concerning the
students' affair with Captain Nance.
Captain Nance said to-day that he
had made no report of the affair to
the department at Washington. His
report to President Wheeler has not yet
been completed, being now in course
of preparation.
W. T. Hale, editor of the Daily Call
fornian, was called before the students'
affairs committee of the faculty to-day
and told that the tone of his editorials
would not be tolerated. Hale's edito
rial about the order of Captain Nance,
requiring the seniors to march In or
derly style'lnto his classroom, was par
ticularly objected to by the committee,
which deemed to think that the edito
rial was undignified and improper, as
the military class was referred to as a
"military kindergarten" and Captain
Nance as a "schoolmaster." Hale is on
the list of seniors whose cases are now
in Captain Nance's hands.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler to
day declared that he will not interfere
in the argument sixty-three members
of the senior class are having with
their military instructor about their
conduct three weeks ago in connection
with the riot on the campus over his
marching or,der, and that if Captain
Nance recommends that the sixty-three
students or any part of that number be
dropped from the class, for cause, he
will approve the recommendation, and
the seniors will be dropped.
The president said that he had not
received any communications from the
War Department and had not sent any
report of the affair to Washington. This
declaration was made by him in reply
to an inquiry about the correctness of
the editorial statement of the Army and
Navy Journal of New York, which re
ported, apparently upon authority and
without reservation, that news of the
students' riot" had come to the depart
ment at Washington and that the uni
versity authorities had then been ad
vised to drop the offending students.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street. Nov. 13.
HUERATAS GOES
OUT OF OFFICE
The Commissioners will take up the
case of Patrolman J. F. Sill at a special
meeting to be called by President Mc-
Elroy.
Applicants for examination on No
vember 28 to fill the eligible list of po
licemen are as follows:
A. P. Reinhanit. former policeman; Alfred
M. Poulter. sprmgmaker; E. W. Brock, clerk;.
Thomas A. Boyle, raftsman: C. F. Jorgensen,
raotcrman; Milton Emigh. John H. NedJerman,
John Hayes, rloth cutter; Walter A. -Hodge,
barber; Milo Mldin; Robert C. Powell, boiler
maker; Thomas C. Gallagher, teamster; C. F.
Chadbourne, oil man; Edward Pechart; Charles
A. Jac«M>n. clerk; John II. Carroll, tnotorman;
Harry E. Kastens, engineer.
The board did not fill the vacancy
to day caused by Sergeant Clark's dis
¦missal.
I'atrolman Shannon saw, Clark and Ham
erton get the paint from Buswell's. Special
Officer N. N. Goodwin saw the pot of paint
behind the wire door mat In a doorway of
the Blake & Mofatt building. Shannon and
Goodwin saw Clark and Hamerton In Becker's
Washington street market, CLark Inside, Ham
erton outside, standing guard. Clark handed
a bundle out to Uamertcn. Both went away
with bundles. Shannon saw Clark inside of
Cahlll's. 408 Twfi'th street, Stahl outside
standing guard, saw Clark come out with a
bundle and hide it In the doorway of the
Meirltt Hotel. Special Officer Goodwin caught
Stahl in Smith's book store on Thirteenth
street. Shannon saw Clark and Sill Inside
of Becker's Washington street market. Special
Officer Goodwin found a ham hidden behind
a door in a hallway of the Pleasanton Hotel
on Washington street.
He was asked if it was true that he had
been in Becker's market with Clark and got
a ham. He answered. "Yes." If in Bus
well's paint store on Broadway, Sparber's on
Broadway, and in a clothing store on Broad
way, as the sergeant said. Hamerton an
swered. "That's, correct."
Officer Stah] stated that Hamerton had been
With him in Steward's leather finding place
on Twelfth street and took some leether. nails
and shoe knives.
The report concludes with the follow
ing from Chief Hodgkins:
Officfr Hamerton was asked if what Clark
ha>l said was true and correct. He answered,
¦'Yes, it ww." •
At first Officer Hamerton emphatically denied
that f-e had ever done any wrong at any time
sirce he had been a police officer, stating that
a job was being put up on him and that there
was no reason why be should be so falsely
accused and that he would not admit that
he hai done wrong- and would face anybody.
Sergeant Clark was brought Into the office
and in the presence of Officer Hamerton; stated
that he and Hamilton went to Buswell's paint
store on Broadway and each got a ix>t of
paint, that he took his pot of paint down to
his boat. Hamerton hid his pot of paint in
the entrance to the Blake & Moffitt build-
Ing behind a wire mat. Turning to Hamerton
Clark said. "What's the u^e of denying it.
You told me some one took It and I guess
these gentlemen have it. 1 don't know where
It is, only you said it was gone. You and I
went into Becker's market on Washington
street and ea"ch took a ham. You and I
went into Sparbcr's hardw-are store on flrond
way and took some rules and tools. You
and I went Intw the clothing store on Broad
way, between Seventh and Eighth — the little
place that is now a fruit store — we took some
few little thinss."
In the report on the scene with Ham
erton Chief Hodgkins offered the fol
lowing:
IIAMKKTOX CONFESSES.
I never was in Steffanonl's, nor in Smith's
)>ock-s!cie. I was with Stahl In Ellison's, on
Broadway. Each got a fountain pen. I was
with Andrews in the Kastern Outfitting Com
pany's store. Andrews and I were in Wood's
cptlcal stor« on Washington street, near Thir
teenth. I was with Stahl in Kuss' store; tctfk
some oil and turpentine. Cahill's door was
open. 1 went iji'an.i got half a dozen curtain
poles; put them behind doorway in Merritt
Hout.e. I was with Stahl in a hardware, store
on Broadway, H. Sptj-ber. fc49 Broadway, be
tween Sixth and Seventh streets. Stahl got an
oilstone, J tock a fifhllne or something. Ha
merton anii 1 \*ere In the same hardware store
and got. some rules and. tools. Hamerton get
a gimlet. rul« and some tools. Hamerton and
I were in a clothing store on Broadway, be
tween Seventh and l^ishth streets.
Hamerton was in Beckci'a Washington street
njaik^t. Ilamertoa found the door Open. We
went in and each took a ham. I and Stahl
went in Flynn's f-tore when he was at Thir
teenth and Franklin. 1 don't know what he
took; think it was a boil of cloth. 1 got noth
ing. I have been in Cushing's grocery store
frequently with Stahl: also have been in with
Andrews. I wan In the Crescent ccrset store
with Stahl. Stahl and I took a couple Of 60
icnt umbrellas frcm a clothing store on Broad
way between Seventh and Eighth streets.
Somebody took that, and I don't knew where
it now Is.
Chief HodgUins gave the following as
a report oa Sergeant Clark's verbal
statement*:
I and Hamerton tvent into Buswell's paint
»tore on. Broadway and got two pota of j.aint.
1 ti^>k my pot «"•* J-ai"l down to my bout. Jla
tnerton jn;t his pot of paiat l-ehinrt a wire mat
in the docrway cf the U'.a'^t & Moffitt building.
The following is a statement in regard to the
things I liAve taken: I have been in the ICast
«-ro Outfitting Company's .place twice — once
with Stahl; got acme waists and gclf skirts,
fcbout cne year iigo — and also once with Clark
in Ea.*tem Outfitting Compasy; . got t>ome
w.iists and skirts.
Was in CuEhiDjt'* place several time* with
Clark, and tot provisions, butter and ergs.
In Cro-cent Ccrset Iicuse with Clark; got
t-ome stock ins* end corsets.
Was in CahiH's by myself, acd got a pot of
I*lnt.
«.m<-e in PniHU Brothers' bicknore witli
Clark; sot cne bottle ink. some pencils, one
Jountain per. • L.. E. ANDREWS.
Following is Andrews' statement:
Steward's leather finding place, on Twelfth
street. Herreant Clark and 1. and Hamerton
and I. took .-¦::.¦• leather, r.ai's and knives
each time, oik* each.
Cahill'i" paint s'.cre. on Twelfth etrert, be
tween Broadway and Franklin. Sergeant
Clark tock s»ome curtains; I nothlnr.
Flynn's <lry roods store, .corner Thirteenth
and Franklin aireetr. Took some towels, sma!l
piece of dress goods and t>onie stockings, Ser
geant Clark and I. once only.
Outfitting >tore. Thirteenth and Clay streets.
Tock a fckirt. featiier boa, silk w^ist and
*vrai\ alone and vilh Andrews, once each.
Becker's Market, on Thirteenth rtrcet. Went
in alone, but took noihlnc: went in with An
<lretrs and took a turkey, ence only.
Tfteodotr Gler'*. Vent in alonr. took two
flajiks of r.hisJcy; weat in once only.
On nearly all tn-cacion* Sergeant Clark went
ins.de wj»:!e 1 «.t<jod {ruard. he oiv^iing the
doors on mast ex the occasions.
J. F. 6TAHLJ
November S. i:kh, c p. m.
ANDREWS' STATEMENT.
Hardware etore on Broadway, between Slxtn
«jid Seventh atreets. Sergeant Clark and 1
tock nim tools.
Ellaron'c bookrtore. en Broadway, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, by same.
Took some pen-holders and magazines several
times.
Smith's flothinit ftore, on Broa«lway, be
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets.
Took some socks and underclothe*. Sergeant
Clark and I. once.
gteftaaonl's jewelry 6ton>, corner Thirteenth
§,tr**t and Broadway. Sergeant Clark and I
took seme spoons and opera-glasses, once only.
Wood's kodak place, on Washington street.
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, by Ser
geant Clark and I. lie took some films; I
nothing.
Paint store of N. P. Kuss. on Clay street.
t>etween Twelfth and Thirteenth. Sergeant
Clark and I. He took seme paint; I a putty
knife and brush.
A clothing-store on Broadway, between
Seventh., and Eighth streets, sweater, gloves
asd eockf. Sergeant Clark and 1. once.
Fmith's bookstore, on Thirteenth street, by
Sergtam Clark and myeelf. and my*elf alone.
Tock fmaJl articles and fountain pen, once
caco.
Also Oushing's (trooery, on Thirtetnth street,
near Clay, on several occasions by Sergeant
Clark an-1 myself, and also by Officer An
drews and I. Tork light Kroceriee. wach as
butter etrgs, tea, sugar, etc.. several time*.
Crescent Corset Hi>u*e. on Thirteenth street,
by £< recant Clark and I. Took some stook
::f«. gloves, handkerchiefs and gloves, two
or three times.
Moss* glove t,tore. on Thirteenth street. Took
Vmbrella and gloves. SJerseant Clark and I.
twice.
The first of the statements presented
to the board is that of Stahl, which
leads as follows:
I hereby mate a statement of the place? of
buuines* entered l?y myself and othe:« while
acting as a i>o!iee officer:
The Cm place was Kllnrberg's prooery,
on Wathinsrron Ktreet, entered by Sergeant
Clark. I keeping watch. Tock butter, esgs and
some tea i^everal time*.
Mayor Olney and Commissioner Tur
ner objected to the filing of the con
fessions as public documents until they
had been assured by President McEl
roy and Chief Hcrdgkins that the de
partment had no further evidence to
present to the Prosecuting Attorney.
Chief Hodgkins said he had been in
formed by the Prosecuting Attorney
that no complaints wuuifl be issued on
the evidence at hand.
Wheiva*. This Ixjani ucon evidence *atis
factorv to it. which ev|j«>nce included confes
tiont of puilt mad<- in the presence of Chief of
PJict Hcxtekins and Captain* Pct<rsen and
Vllsor summarily dismissed from the |»olice
fotve esm Clark and (.If fleers Andrews,
tsl&hl and Hamerton: ano. ¦wlvrea.!', all the
evldrnn- in thv rr.att'-r has been turned over to
the l*i>*ecuting Attorney for such action In
the tn*tt*r of criminal prosecutions against
the dlKrr.is-sed officeiB a* in his opinion is just
end yroi-er.
ne^olved. That this board has no further
jurisdiction in tHe premises.
Supplementing the confessions was a
statement from Chief Hodgkixu point
ing out the rase? where Policeman
Thannun and Special Policeman N. N.
Ooodwin had peen officers under sus
picious circumstances.
It was upon the motion of President
J. E. McElroy of the Police Commis
sioners that the confessions were given
publicity. President McElroy desired
them filed with the board as explana
tory of the action taken In dismissing
vhe Quartet from the force. In con
nection with that sten the board adopt
ed a lesolution touching the prosecu
tion on criminal charges. The resolu
tion reads as follows:
BOARD'S RESOLUTIONS.
OAKLAND. Nov. 18. — Confessions of
former Fergrcant of Police Charles E.
Clark, Policemen Le<> E. Andrews, John
F. iitahl and C. W. Hamerton. who
were dismissed from the department
for r-ilfcring in stores on their beats.
were made public to-day by the Board
of Police and Fire Commissioners. The
confessions of Clark and Hanu-rton are
in the form of verbal statements. Those
of Andrews and Stahl are written and
signed by each.
Stahl went into detail concerning tho
thievery, showing that Clark was his
companion in nearly every one of the
raids they made on the sho^s. An
drews' story was not at such length,
but was a straightaway admission of
part in the petty stealings. Clark
stepped to the front with his story, im
plicating Uamertcn.
There was a touch of the dramatic
revealed in the statements as presented
to tWe board by Chief Hodgkins. The
four men had been examined separate
ly by the Chief and Captains Petersen
and Wilson on election Jay. Hamerton.
who was tailed after Clark had told
his story, opened with strenuous de
nials. Clark was summoned and m
Hamerton's presence charged that offi
cer with having taken part in wine of
the thieving. Then Hamerton broke
down and admitted his wrongdoing.
Apparatus Which Calcu
lates the Pertur bauces
of Bodies in the Sky
Faculty and Told That
Editorials "Won't Do"
W. T.' Hale Is Called Before
Board Will Not Prosecute
ASTEROIDS ARE LOCATED
EDITOR OX THE GAKPET
Results Are Achieved by De
partment of Astronomy
at the State University
Make Statements to Chief
That Prove Guilt.
Commissioners.
State Executive Asked to Afford
Protection Through Bank
ASSETS. il\
REAL. ESTATE . . $6,560,528 22
This Hem consists of Teal property, at Its cost value, all of which is
situated In Oakland or In Its Immediate vicinity. We believe the value of
this Item to be considerably in excess of said amount, as Indicated by many
profitable sales, which the books of the company show amounted to $763,024
during the past ye^r. and by the considerable increase in the value of Oak- •
land and adjacent realty.
STOCKS AND BONDS...: 8.9SS.172 48
Tho main items of this account consist of 37.185 shares of the Oak
land Transit Consolidated, and 17.100 shares of the San Francisco. Oakland
and San Jose Railway, all.of which we find in the safe of The Realty Syn
dicate, free from pledge aVd representing- in each case a controlling in
terest in these valuable properties. The value of said stock is constantly
increasing, keeping pace with the rapid growth of Oakland.
The Income of the Oakland Transit Consolidated for the six months end
ing September 30. 10C4, shows a considerable increase over the sffme period
of, lfiO3. ¦ . •
The San Francisco. Oakland and San Jose Railway operates the new and
popular ferry line botirefn San Francisco. Oakland and Berkeley, known
as the Key Route. This business has proved profitable from the beginning.
The next item of importani-e consists of v the entire capital etock of
the California Improvement Company, which owns about 40<> acres of valu
able property, hotel and cottages, quarry and plant, etc.- Its income now
exceeds ?2r>00 a month. This property has. no indebtedness.
Other items consict of the entire issued capital stock of the Piedmont
Development Company, which has an Income of over $1200 a month, and all
the Issued capital .¦-•took of the. Mutual Investment Union, costing $20i,G20
and representing real estate of that value.
BIL.T.S RECEIVABLE, consisting of Mortgages, Contracts, etc.... 201.413 02
CASH IN BANK.; 290.783 51
Total , $tl,13O.«)5 23
LIABILITIES.
INVESTMENT CERTIFICATES $4,323,639 60
These certiflcates are Issued at par, bearing interest at the
rate of live per cent and of six per cent per. annum, and ma
turing ten. fifteen or twenty years after date, They are fully
protected by the assets of the corporation. . •
HILLS AND ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 4BS,O>2 lfi
MORTGAGES ON REAL ESTATE 7t>H,2«U 61 5,5*9,993 37
CAPITAL STOCK PAID IN ;.. 4.60O.0OO 00
SURPLUS W0.001 SO 5,540,901 8C
Total $11,130,895 23
• XV. H. KNIGHT
J. E. FARNUM.
JESSE B. FULLER.
Ex-Bank Commissioners of the State of California.
' San Francisco, Cal. October 7. 1904.
"We. have this day completed an examination of the books, accounts, secu
rities and properties of the Realty Syndicate, as set. forth in its ninth annual
statement, bearing date of September 30, 1904, and report as follows:
"We consider that the development and , prosperity of this State would be
promoted by placing all financial institutions under the jurisdiction of the
State Commissioners.
"Heretofore we have requested said. Bank Commissioners to take Jurisdic
tion over: the Realty Syndicate, but we were informed that they had no author
ity to do so. Thereupon, we requested several of the ex-Bank Commissioners of
this State to examine the affairs of this corporation. Herewith we inclose a
copy of their report of Oct. 7, 1904. Respectfully. > » ¦ ¦
"THE REALTY SYNDICATE. /"
-"(Signed) By F. C. HAVENS, Vice President. • n
"To His Excellency, George C, Pardee. Governor of the State of California.
The statement and report of the Syndicate is introduced with the remarks
that: >.; •;. t ¦..••¦
The following' letter, accompanied by a statement of the assets and liabili
ties of tHe Oakland Realty Syndicate, has beensent to Governor Pardee by Vice
President Frank C Havens of tho Syndicate: ' :J\
"Dear'Sir: The Realty Syndicate hereby requests you as Governor of the
State of California to recommend to the coming session of the Legislature the
enactment of a law that will place the Realty Syndicate and kindred corpora
tions under the, jurisdiction of the Bank Commissioners of the State of Cali
fornia.
STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
President of University
Says Seniors Will Be
'Dropped if at Nance ? s Word
NOVEL PHOTOS
OF TWINKLER'S
WHEELER NOT
TO INTERFERE
REALTY SYNDICATE SENDS
A REQUEST TO GOVERNOR
ACCUSED POLICEMEN CONFESS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
B un<J UK R. STEALS WATCHKS.— Oakland.
Nov. IS. — The residence of Mrs. *C. H. Osborn.
KB Thijty-flith strset. was entered th'.s after
noon by a burglar, who stole iwo sold watohe,
at<: « i.-1-M chain. -
Army Order.
.WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— Pont
Quartermaster. Sergeant Samuel. Colin,
at -Fort' Logan, Colo., is' to be 'sent to
Fort McDowell.- Cal., reporting on his
arrival for duty.
6
¦c«ite FREE . FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
Flour on the Market.
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every 'Small Ad in
• Sunday Call. .-
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars-
OAKLAXD.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1455 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I used Cascarnts and feel lii» tntwDsn. Ih*T»
beeu » «uSerer from dj»j>«pti» »nd toar i omci
for tho l»st two years. I ha»« been t*iin<j mMi-
J!?t*'!. d^ er in f b£? % could ftnd Bo re »« f «»»?
£?I*J!- ]J* tlnl fc * will recommend Cascarets tr»
my frl«nd» as tho only thing for Indigestion and
du£» Th Ch * ad *° k8 " p th0 bowel * ' a Cood con-
amoa. 1 hey »r« very nice to eat." •
Harry Stucfcley. iUueh Clmo*. P»>
J/bt ThG Bow^l^
CANDY CATHARTIC -'
v«!! c*i a t* Pa! S?al>!«. Potent. T«it« Good. Do flood.
On.,. . bn L k : Tb * Cenuine. tablet stamped CCC.
uuarsntaed to care or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 599
ANNUAL SALE. TEN K1LUQH BOXES
CARTERS! clRE S1CK he^ 0112 -
Kittle Genuins Must Bear
M PILL^ Fas-Simile SignaturepWniijwnni Rate*
Tt» rar» cf raiaaaraac* o«r ti« XsK »«»iaa
tar* ir-!«» tack. aurrTtrr yest«riay aad
aow ctasis at S r«r ceat. Tim Sires* ts
i_rt*4 ai S3 per eeat: ta« Trccp at 23 5«r
ce=t. i-ri ti« iiectr at 3 p«er ceax.
Wiw Frons NoOrs.
O Erersca. focrti cf2oer <rf taa array traas
pcrt EafJrt. taa betn '--3~«^T— *•* f> tie ii=;
i^ (^£S ca Uu> Ltqi X. i'aTf'a. wtso was
uetxriwd fraa ti* Oix, has been appotatad
: ..-^ c2L-er of us* Bafsrt.
Th« Bcatxx^r B_ C- WrjSt lett Her* y>sK*r
ia.3 for E"a»k* a r»w of tie ttaaaaw t^v— »
Tt«» ***i:-r.z tar* Jcaa aad TTinr'rr^p waa
CS tae >?rr laie y»st=rCay arteraoon.
Xka *:«w«r4 of ti«* •cScwatr Beaa^e S^. lylas
ar L«aai*rf-«tre«« waarr. feil O'.j.lmarl
Tiurscay siztx. A rr^sd ismjed la after
ti-i aad bet ler tie sai.crj of tae r»veuae cat
ti*r Ocidcs Gaz», was Uisscsed a b.:a£ aad
»-=t ta tie redesff. boca saea wxJl ia.v« fc*»a
Ti* s»-huc=«r Fearf arrixed y-st-a-lay. siae
tjtea «layv fi"jfii j^aad Foittt, iae brrai^at 2S. -
«b» gocTSrasterty sales were eaoorca
tjcrsd for tt»-La*i t«a days-flf ta* tnpL The
F»axi repots tiax ti* feny J«&a rx Spreckeia.
wtta iS«\eow eart^nft. left £aa<i Poiat Octae^r
27 £cr taia scrt.
That Freaca bark 3CarechaJ <••¦» V.rian. whi:*
r-aiafllasr t» «b Taarsday ai«at eff EIo=k
Pctet. lose ta i^-o^ aad forty fataocis cf
Ttor we&anser Jofca T. Stiller, wteics arrlired J
j«t*rixy ai Pert Tawrsead. rrsorts taat sae t
*u «ff TUitamc* fer t»o -mreeJcs. T»la!y try- f
la» t» eJKsr pert. St* spraa« a te »?"* t
ca»» c» ri» irtiinyC Slut will »a fraa Pur*. ?
Tiwasead ts TVTaaicw Jar regain. »
Preset taric Nctr- _«.=« <TArrrr. w^cH w»*
fc->:e: i=d t5# rm£l eo. tie port quartar ww«
brea. Tie S*rk <~!car*i
Trzci Ccca B»y. y-r»rtar rzarzlsf r«a l=ta tie
In Cotli5loc "ttldh French Bart
Captaia Bfa^rrcn Take? Cotsmxsd
Cactais Fraak E. S«a— ae~ «;tk Ser» ye»
i^fi—' 3<»«.da<Kl. irio »^s -ei _»ily caief of
2cer of tie Ccnic «u cai«' iricmr of tae
lia"^ 1 Oenaaaic iraea 5« r»eg. v»d pi-nactlca t=
t:s ?r-»eat c=aad. Ei« an>c?-r-;eat la a
pepdar ocs. as Ba.ise~ ii w«I Dkad beta r7
t^i tair^aate* aad ty ti» l*rr- »r=iy <rf reji
lar traaa-Pasiic traT«iers. *—J- wtta b^za ta
-^.— — «--« tie Ctpde* r»4 recctai^a wCI b«»
t=«i=ai=*S at a ai*a «taadari. Beaiaea ts
A* y3c=«»st earXaia ta t&» ¦errte« of tS«
Wsm Sult Eat
The auita broti?ht ajains. t*-e
steamer Sausaiito knd the North Pa
cL3c Coast Railroad Conizjany b7
James S- ilcCae ar.d Mrs. Catherine
Kail re artrueti and sub=iitted yes
terday in the United Scares District
Court. aicCue snui. to recover «)¦>.
€00 darsaeT^s for personal injuries al
leged to have been si^tained ta. a col
lision between the steamers Sausa
lito and San Rafael in November.
13*1. Mrs- HaH sued for 539.30'} for
t**e death of her husband in the same
accident. Geor?e W. Ta-sle Jr. ap
peareii far the cenparrj aad Harry
V. Mor»hoti3e for the Iibefctnt3.
were arr-sted list dxW by PcBeessIn
David ir- >^ T Ji 3 - 1- the talephorie bcoti
of a salcon at Ii> Po^reii street. Tie
men. It is alles^i- tad a k-y a=xi were
ittersptiss to cpen tie telephone b«3X
vtvs. arrestsd. Mazt talephose b^x-3
L= the vtctzity have b»e*s rotted Iaie£7
ind :he ct-j nies tmd-r arr-st are *ss-
P-sczsd. cf tein? the r=i:ty r^rtlaa.
5aa Fraaci3ct> frizzes. w»s r-ar-.-f »5» rxLl
r-.ai trscic cear CaaIp^•2 tii» =orai=» wta
r*o tu^ec he!** ta tia aeii. Et zxX i_»
CTra lli# »ii» dt'<r?trr-<*)tm
So5p*?ct?d of TTsefj.
3IcCue"» Case Sabmitted-
At a nr-wtinff of the Tamalpais Na
tional Parfc Associatioa Ii* Ld in tlie
o^ces of Elliot McAlIIscer in tie
Crocker buildins yesterday aftemooa
a comniittee ot sevea wu appointed
to attend a. nie«tir:? for the purpose of
protecting forest reserves in llirin.
County. It will be held to-daj In the
auditoriTira of tie Youn^ ilex's Cttris
fi.-,n Association. Tbe raer^bers of txre
eorataittee axe as follows: Sirs. Wfeme.
ilT Scoville. itias Parsons. ITias East
wood. Professor Drdler. Capcala He-
Dcaald and Sn5«rviscr Booth.
To Protect Forests.
Ttr»« fcrairad fretsax car» eeatraateg ti-tr 1
•saiie=rs ta ta» ataarfrsma'» turiea. aad ia )
j : - = «ae win carry 12O tec* c£. Scnr saii j
a -arc* »-«¦» — r cf local fr«l«at. Sh^ win. J
carry 173 caSla r*a»?rx^rs aad 7T3 AtS*".c%. {
3t5A3iCfciirus, WTO Carry Lanre Canr
TA« Px=tic 3Iai: Cc=p»ay's Ila*r Haacfea
r^. Cirtala S*=ad*rs. -win s*a at 1 o'clock
t^-da7 r_r th* CTi*=t *rit> aicot I3.W50 t^as of
r— ;tz. "T^t ataaczurta. arri-'rf IO?v«=5*r 3
•ttS :).'?<;o tea* cf c*rtt. Ta <iih:i*r»<' t2u»
¦ad T .!».-l ti* cstwari bocad freljSx iaj ta
?<]iT«d th« aJ=ao>t tacessaax labrr of a 'jl-t»
ar=y cf st-^-~i=TT«. aad tSasa »u f=ii=d ¦«-1ta
la tise tea days- frr tte «irr-iocklajr <rf tie claat
•T»mj=sti5. Ai X&w Tcrt Ltver5«H aa<i at
=i=T oti«r 3crt» bijrr car»-»3 are haadled
iscr* «aa:ty ta :=aea Less t^saw fcet srlti tie
.-,¦.*•¦;,**• »r:^c'tt a^xi:aii« at tie Padic
\(a_: -rharf tte diacaar»t3c »=«; Jc»dia« «f tS«
liaacaar-j. sray fc<! craatad a sctaii» p*rf->r=i
aare.
'"r-rrsj? CulMrae. E. E. Pic*i--. Mrs. O C
-_-¦-.-** a=d caii*. 5Ir». C. Rasswis. 3Ijs it.
-".a_-.<aj-i. Taataaa S«aaders. 3£rs. J. C'»fe<^rae.
Mrs. Vc- H-.lt. 3i. R. Via K-It. TJT. F.
T-.;ar«. J£>m E21sa^!i Vttt It-. M^Car
tir. G. !»- trijccx. G P. 'smccr.
Tb# ¦:<wii» »-——«•• 'r. Qyyry's liaer
»i-»*» .— »-ri j- r^Tlen, »tn aaS at II
c 'issc* ttt» =j3T^a» r^- H-?nniTiM- ?c« win
-arrr a CBS Tar*r» aad paas*aar?rs as failr'ws:
H^jr-> Br*=«r. Artiar Briers. E. 3£. Brrr-STi. J".
K. Er^rs. H.-S. Erii J4r». T. S. Ca=cte«HI.
"arter. Mrs. G-?-:rr» Cia^aaers. O. 'W.
r^yle. Br=r7 Cn.wfrr-1. ICas C. d* BnUe. J.
Paswcta. H«r=aa F«'-l".er. A. H. Eaaiersca.
Mrs. Kaaiersofi. 3fc-f. L. Hiiner. Jtiaa H^=er.
: SCtnt.aad. Kj» L«tiw! L*^r-rr». J. 3C Lyi
rs.t». 3£a«ter Lyd«at». ¦ _«» aad lafaat. A.
H ff"Tf» n»T. Alex Vj-V'TlCTg. Dr. J. Sfcrt.
LirK-r .\Lam<tia «^aI2s TtvDay
Kadcndc- «3ar Saata. Baxtara. heaos J&rr 14r.
soar Santa Bay. i«ic» N<r» 12; sta^- Gracs
*Xot * 14— Sear Ccrcaada. far Saa
Ft J| T 51iiA-Arr:Te<l X<rr 15-St=sr Asus^ca.
heace Nor 13; Xsr «t=r VEKax. Croia, Eaic-
Xwr IS— St=r Cslaniia. for Saa
F: tvTO3SH— Faaaed ta Nor IS— Br »t=r
•5C-»i"li-*taa. a«ac« Xarr 13. far Ladnralta:
sctr^aaSaa. teace Sw U f=r Per-. G«=3t*,
Paaaed. out N««- IS— Or sits TXaadabek.
—ai P"r- Ta-srasead. for Uaited Klaiicra.
w pw»ed Ja Xjv IS— Scar UaiatUI*. heac«
Uav 1* £=r Victoria; C S «tsir Stiasaaita.
Massed oat Kov IS— Stair J^aaie. far Saa
Frtaciaco: Fr bark D«ala. fcr Caired Sej
|<ia; scar Eeary S Hill, far TaTiiarataa; scfir
». 5C Bajrt«r. fcr Saa Fnaciaca.
POST HAGI^CK-Sailed Xov IS— Scar »»-
b ?OtD r POCJT— Sailed Oct 27— Brtt J .D
5^^ Xox IS-Bfca
•Saxlt. from Saa Fedm.
POKT C\M W^ — Sailed Sjt IS — scar Alic*
CSoke. far H-aacldti; ahiy Artatrr Sewall. fsr
Si R3D0?fI3O-Sai:«d Kor IS— Scir Fcrester.
*sr P"iT»t Sanad
* ArrtT-rf XaT 13— St=r Saat* Hialca. eras
Sas P»dr3. „_ __ _
cr^'p, > g^_ 4r: Lg»l JC<^r IS— Fr CarZ LJt
Tror" d' Am-rrae. frora Letta.
iOf psr*W>—. l UTt»ed Xor tS— Stair Chas
Velaoa a«ac» N'ov 17; scar Estier Bc^».
fr^Graj* Earfcar; stair Bcalsa. Craa Pwt
bailed" X<rr 13-^£t=r Bcaita. Cw Saa Fraa
cisra: scar S T AI«aaiar. fcr C0Ci=Wa EiT-r.
EASTEE2S POSTS.
XETW TOHS:— Arrrrei Xov IS— Br «tatr
Cacinaev from Iqalrpxe.
FOaEXGJT PO3.TS.
¦^rESTFOHT'— Arrt-ff-d BEsv 14— Br *Si3 Mar
1£ TOSoSiMA^Iai:*t Xoir 12— Cer «a^»
Veck. far Port T-Twesesrt.
* VALPARAISO— Arri-sed X«rr I*— Er «Bi3
SiaroM. frco. Pwt Soca.1.
jioJT— Caartered ta load fcr Saa Fraacfaco —
c>. srs;— Crusailer.
H.JLKOOATE— bailed Oct It— Scftr Da-rt»
Evaas. far Saa Fraartaco. •
ROTAL ROAI?S — T>> mH J»or 20 — Fr
L* Rociefaacxald. for Sydaey, ?t S "W.
CrEAN STS-tMSKS.
XETW TOKK — Arrtreil 3Tav 15 — Star Cxaaet.
Crini. Breraeo-
f.r^. i-LRPOOL — Sailed 1.5 — Stair Arrstf
aiaa^ ar Xe-w Tari.
PLTMOCTH — ArrtT«Kl X<rr IS — Stair aCattis,
frsta X«t Terk. fsr Easiurx-
XAPLES — Arrtrwt Xov tj — Stair Xecfar,
fcroia.GeEca.
HAM.BCFJ3 — Arrt-wsiJ X«r» 15 — Stair Patri
**¦* ftjiu. S«'» Tark.
eaOed Xcr 13 — Soar Ctercaa. Csr Saa Fraa
ctscor stsir Fraaci* H L^ssstr. fcr AatcrU;
xatr Aliiaac*. fcr Coo» Bay.
* POST TO'TrXSESD — eal>d Xov IS — Gar
stfp- "Waadafcek. for Queenstowaj scar Heary
K. Hall, far Valparaiso.
Arrived Scr Id — Fr fcark; t» Tucr <TAa
versne. from. L«ita: scar KMc. Crata Saata
P^salia.; scar PcUrta. freni Uacila.
COOl? BAT— ArrtTcd Xax 13— Stair Ktratr»»
&C£LC<! N<3V 14.
FORT BRAGG — ArriT-d X«v 13 — £tair
Brasjwtck. iance JCav 13.
Sailed Not 13 — Scair Natlcnal City, fcr «»t
Fraaciaco.
EASD«3S — ArrtT«d Nox is — Star Caico,
beac* Na» 14.
VE2TTTTRA— Sailed N<w IS— Star C3tefe^l«.
for Saa Fraacisco. .
Sail*! Sot IS— Stair Saa Pteirs. tar £aata
Barbara.
S.OTTA BAEBAKA— Arrtved Not - IS— Stair
!sta.te at Caltfarata. aeace Nirr II. and sailed
fcr £aa Dier*
GHATS HAKBOa —^Arrtrred Sew IS— Stair
Grace DoEar. teaca Nor It
ArrlT-ti Xov ¦ V* — Scnr ' Xokiaaia. frwa Saa
Pedro; «cir . Saflar Boy. benca Xor. II; bftta
N««sby. mm Saata Hasali*; btaa Gardaer
City. tenc« Jfov II; »car S W Bartleti. crcnt
ETTE32CA— ArrlT-d Kan IS— Stair Xortit
Fort: 5.i!i!»-- Nsr*- IS: *C=ir Francis H Le»c>»ct.
iseace So* Id. wita Br sits .%¦-» ma i ta tinri
Br sfela. Acaaiaa. Jleace Xov Iff. ia tir» af
strar Fraaeis H L*irr*tt.
Er stair Wyefield. Wats«2. XaaaiaiiS.
Stair Laiaae. Cartscn. Eareka. wita scir H
C Wriiit ta tow.
Stnr Redando. S-Tf. Astoria.
Stair F*iltca. Paaaer. Ea««ns r^»i»t>.y .
Star GUsay. Gray, afoaturey.
Fr baric afar»r=«n» JCraiaxd, L« Trrredle.
Syi=eT.
Scar A F Coat* Mcrri*. Grays Earbcr.
Schr H C Wrljit. Xletsea. BSireita. ta tow
cf «asr Laiaie.
Scfer Lottie Becnett. Hajeas«a. Vaaea«rr»r
aad Itraiqae.
li SPOH.FJT.
Oct 24— Lat 13 12 S. Ic»x 3S 29 "W. «taar
atj<>j-< free X«w Tcrt. fsr Saa T^raseiaca
aad Saa Dt«»r=. ,— ~
Oct 23— L*t 3 23 3, teat 33 W.- it-r N«
brukaa. frsia N>"»- Tark, fur Saa FraacJaco.
TELEG3.4.FHIC.
podtt Lonoa. >'o» is. i» p « — wise, sw;
T^iodty 12 n;C«» c«w icar.
JC3C3IXI-Oi2»CS.
POHT TOWXSSTfU. JScr IS — Scir Jc&a 7
XX«r. Crsia S»us Frsaciico Ort 14 2»r TUik
noaX arriied cere ts-day leaiiaj badl7.
DOMESTIC POSTS.
Starr Cbc« Bay. Joiasca. Saa P»dr^ ¦-<<
way ports; Padae Ccast Steajasbip Cctnaaay.
S^ar Rcw*craa». Jofcaaon. Hoccolsla acd
X£jc;«r«y; Ka^cn XiTlnSoc Conssoay.
Br uhla Scottisfi Lsiea,. St.rae. Londcm; R
Ldibman ft Ce.
Br ship Brxcadale. TouIcUs. Pert Tawaaead;
« ' mt ay. 3»tj». 1 ?.
Stair 3dxs>. Wiitaey, Halraiocc Bay.
Stntr Geo Elder. Raadall. Astorut «~-*
PcrtUad.
Stair Btte. 'W"efcaiaa. Eureka.
Scar Pcascaa. Swisses. Eureka.
Stair lacpia Jcrr^&cn, Seattle.
—
Friday. X<rr. IS.
Stair "Soyo. J^tra-a, 34 hcurs £tjc SBr-Jta.
Stmr Eiir«ica. Xcss^ru C3 !unirs trim. Etrrslca.
yrrr.r Oipay. Gray. *> icuri fnin. Mootere?.
St=r Ma«^. Wcitaer, 4 Hour* fccnx Half
zeec Eay. _
Ear» Aa:y T^raer. WartaaiJ. 13 dayj rroni
Fr baric Esc*. 1: j --. 7» days traa Xerw
caxtle. Aa. - , -• -¦-,
W~ialia« bari Jcha aad "WiatircB. 5acr«.
43 dar» Srssi OaJcatsic Sea.
EUxa Irssarl. =<:taridt. 12^ day« Crsn Eaa
afnriii
E.:ir On-rari. Asderssr.. a -iar* torn Baadoc
Scar Jcfca A. OLsea. 7 days frsn Esr-ka.
Scar Baseat. WUacn. 13 days froa. Gray*
Eirtcr ¦
Scir Cau E Folk. Heaciajjaec. 10 4ay» Craci
Cfeca Bay.
Schr Jennie GrtTia. GtSaoa. 3 icura trrna
Boila**.
S<:Jir Pfari. Scderiets. 13 days Craa. Sasd
Pttat.
, Sfbr ilxry Etta. TVetxe:. 43 ionrs n-=ra Pctsr
Area*.
Friday. K<?r. IS.
Er rtsrr Wy^SeLd. 'Warjon. yaaaj mo; 'Weat
«>ra F'a*! Ccaisaay.
Strrrr Oo *»V EH2*r. P-xadail. P^rtLaail aad
A»tsrta: £*a Fra-iciaco aad Portlaad Stsaaaiip
Ccdpaay. "
Sn=r Saata P^aa. A>xaader, Saa, Diajrs aad
iny ports: P*ct2c Gbast =tea=afat3 Ccinpaay.
Strnr Pcoscaa. STraascn. Esr»ka.; Padic
i Cease Steaaiaiii3 C&iac*37-
AKRXVED
SHIPPtXG rNTEXXJGEXCE.
TO » "-P i *» F*
,
*t~a—,-r- Fr-jni. ¦ Dne.
Cias. N>l*rc San P^-Iri 3Cow. B
A^rwi^a i Ftirtlaa.l & .u;i-Ji. . . . .V:». U
E*i Crescent City X:v. I*J
TT'sa^^ti ' Co^slII* Rlirer ... . -!>•<>*- 1*
n-»j"'!i Sej P»dr> X;v. 1^
T.taai* OTF«»r rUriwr ,Xuv. 1»
Peru Ne» Tsrfc via. AacoC-.iNov. 13
S*a P-tira [Scs Peiira Nav. IS
Corrjna. ' K^sbcldt Not. 13
Er-ax-water. . .' Corm 2ay X:t. 20
Coi->ca4o Gr»r» Eirtcr N'or. 2r>
5«;ioii TTi:^*;* Hartor X-jv. 2>
<3 Lii<lio«r. . Graj* Harttor Xor. 2?>
Bocita - N-irpcrt & ">V»» P31-J >*jv. 2!>
Cai-s=iai» P>rrt:aa.t * AJtcria . . . . N" ;v. 2t»
Arctic ; E=.£cI5t X:t. 20
W. Kr-artr. ... K^=bcldr ;Xot. 20
N -i-»<3O!i ¦ S*a r>«ir-> Xot. 2X
Cilct> Cc«;nllie arr»r .;Xcv. 21
Jeaaie 5— an.t & Ttraca. Not. 21
S^ic-joa. , 5yir>»r ±. VTiy Pcrta. Xst. 21-
St*o- of Ca:.. .San ri«T3 * "^l? Pt*, : N3-». 22
X^wturrx Grays Karoor >Tot 21
1i . JljtnC . • - • £*Ci LArf* G .Vj* ir.1 ... i.X
Ncrti F^k ... K^rrs hol.it ~Stv. 22
S. Mzzics. Saa F*dr> Siv. 22
P«=o Potst Ar»=* & Ansicn.Nw. 22
City Pnebia.-.-* P"=ist ?cuad Prjrta Xjv 22
Bi.-t'fr ' :- t :-.^ Jt E«Uici?£aai.. >'.;». 22
Pccicna. : EsaibuLdz X<:v. 22
E=r»ka. t. Hiaitoldt Sot. 22
3taotma.Tr ....'¦ Tacotna. Jinr. 23
S. Barbara. . . - Grays Hartor Xjt. Z3
Cteca Ea? • Si= Pe-iro & Pa. >-.-;¦». 2t
Pcirt Ar»=a. . 34*=do«:i3o 4 Pt. Ar^aa. >'jv. 2t
Saata P_3ia. . . Sa.i DEtsa i TTiy Ft* N"tt. 2t
Arr> ! £>! RlT»r Pcra >"yc. 2*
M€=es Histarr A TTar Pta. X:v. 23
G- W. Elder... P.-rtj~d A .^jt^ria. Ncv. 2S
Saa Jsaa IC*-w Tork vta Aacan. . >'ov. ;3
:¦- r- • ' Ci^aa A X»paa Xov. 2S
•J- Doilar 'Ira?s Harbcr Ss». 2H
X«i-pti3 : S*a.rr> X.jv. 2rt
Arcxra Ccc» Eay A Pt. Orftsrf. >*¦«?. 27
Csracao ' 3f-xiraa rVrts Njv. 27
t-'nazillA. ....,?"r»t Sctrad Ptrta.... Xo». 2T
Al.'',anrg ! Portia n.i & T!"ay Pt3rta.'Xff». 27
5ax3iia [ fTagrirery; & 'Way Pts. N*:v. 23
CtySylrey.. -•'-¦» T :r'x irta. A-iccn. . 'Xoi. 3i>
TO SAC.
St-«_=-r. r»atlaat:ca. | Sal^.' F^er.
=TCTC=i«r 13. : i
Mc^iiara [SeattSt firact | 4 peJPter 9
R*4cBd» ! Astcria ft Pcrtlaad 1 js: pter 2
Saa Pt-iro.-i Es=!scLdt 4 jta'Plur 2
Arr> 1 E>1 Hirer Ports : 4 pn: Pter 2
Pcxat Ar»=a. Fcnxt Arera. . . ; 4 pin Pl-»r 2
Coc« Eay.-. 5«a P><irj A VTay. • 3 aj= Pfta 1*
.*ar--~ii . - ¦ E^ccl-slu 11 a-31 Fl*r 7
CV- Paaa.ni X. T. vL» Aacca.. 12 s P'.«r 4>>
X=r»ila -.*.--¦ AstiTrU. & PcrLUiac!. 4 pa: Pl»r 27
Esn-ia. ,' E^sfccldr ' » aaa:pt«r 13
JCxscfesrtx. ; Chrrjs^ & Japaa ! I -s ?<er 40
CxiUcraias-i N^w T-r'x direct..' Pier 23
J BTor«=ib«r SO. 1
Ci^aa^a Cnjj Eartcr j 3 pofiPtar 2
"W. Kr»»r. ; Lea Aay^ies Pcrta.; 2 pes.Pi«r 2
S. Bou 1 Saa D;«!*n & TV 17. i j a~ ?l<r 11 i
; 3-«rre=3«r ZU )
EZi=a>fta..-;OMr3Se Ei-xw .... 3 rtaPler 20 i
Enaiwaier. Coca Ea.7 direct... 1 5 pa P*.er % '
Corse* I HssSctdt ,1— !>B?ti?r »
Q=ee= 1 Pa?st Soc=il Fttts. U u P'.«r 3
Ncrlilaac--, Lc» Aay?:ea P^rtj.'li »-i Fi^r 27
8- Xssic*-- Grays TT«- l -»7r [ 2 5m Pier 2
Ar^x : Cco» E. 4Pt Crf i*12 a Pier 13
i Scrt=s5«r S3. !
S. Barbara- i r^ Aa^-iea Pcrts.; 2 ?t= ?-*? 2
Arr^c E=5ctdr. ! 9 »si;pi^r 2
N-e^srr.-.;Gr»y, HirScr | 4 sn.Plsr l»
Bc=.-j. ..... r-^rpcrt & XVay..| » 4= Pier U
:CUasU *"1 AstTrta i Pcrtlaad 11 ar-Pler 23
, JaT«ais«r 34- !
Ccr^caia. ..! Orays Hartcr ! 4 per Pier 10
Fooctt*-...- HtiTstci'ic ........ .flt3O p P".«r 9
G. Lt-nfiTiCf' Grayi Harfeoc 1 4 p5i%« 10
Jeaale 1 Seattle tc Taconia. \ 5 51= ?".«r 23
Pciao Pt. Xrvrx ft xTtioo- «! ;t=. Pier 2 t
Stare cf Cil Saa Di-ff^ £ TTay.i 3 ja p*^-. n
ge<;^oi* ( WIBtSB Earbcr ...! 4 sm Plar 23
N '-E^L--- S.^^ ! 3a=Pter2O
Coptic : Ciiaa ft Jaeaa ; I pci^e- 4J
Cli J F*-eii" ) P^3-?t Soca-i Pcra. U aai Pier 9
Peru 3t T. rta Aacca. . !l2 ss j» jr 4a
Eainier : S*artl« ft E>rer«tt. r 4 pn > ff *)
STorcaier S3. i
O. "W. ELIer Asrccla A Pcrt^uid U ia'P!«r 24
! gcreaie 33. I
AZlaac* 1 Ear»fca ft Ccc» B. . S pa'PVr IS
Ta-* Time Bali on the t-nr»r of ta* F~ry
i-i'MiT »is .iropp«'l exactly »t at>ca ta-iay —
L e.. at ccca of tise LiCta nsrr-.iliaa. or at 3
p. m. Grweawlca tlai-. J. C. BCrlXST".
Li«ute=ij:t. U. S. V. ta ciarrs.
Erases H7-ir-rcrarfcio Cfice. 17. S. X.. Ifer
(rftaatJ' Eit~i^r^r». Saa Fraaclscn. Cai..
Ncv»ni£«r 15. 1W/4.
Time BaD.
C2.t?'i S*at«s CMst a=<S '>w»i*ti« Sarwy —
T:=« xzi Eeijit ci Kl«!i and Low W*:«n
ai F:rt p-xzt. estraace la Saa Fraadsco
Eaj. • PoMta&rf bT cficial asiicn^ cf ti»
S T i5*rtnt«iii*it.
JC3TE — T5« tl«!i a=i tc-r- ¦»s:er» cc-ar at
ta» city fr-:nt (1IlBston-T^r««t irt:arr.> a'o-?iit 25
— --:r-»^ * |f»- iaaa x; Fcrt Prjint; tie h*lif!iE
of till* ts tse i-iT. ¦ a- SotJi place*.
SATCROAT, JfGYEMBra 19.
Sua rs<*s : 8:53
Ssi3 *eta — - — 4:5ft
yizca i<:'-3 ":i> a. a
t7 Tlm^ '* '*^» TLsi^ littt^;
» ¦ rt I Ft. ; Ft. ! 1 rt
19 I 2:101 2.1 9 :•;<}* 3-T 3:17 - 1.8i »:3^. iTT
2!> | 2:3.": 2.2. 3.2SI 3.*: 3^32! 0. *S !•> :-"ST1 4.*
21 !• 3-2U' 2.4 »-.-,T 3.3. 4:2S 02 11:23' 4.2
22 ; 4-«>T- raft*a» 3.(J. 3;C0— O.i.,...!
•T •>•»• 4" 4:42 2."? l!):3.V 3<T 3:«,— -}.5
•% ' '):C2 4-^ 2.2V 17:1:2+ i_« 4:25 ikH
23 ' 1:W -t-3 *'*¦ 2. ? 12:07' 3.3 7;i3fr — i?.f|
NCTE — 12 ti« ab«nr« «rp«:3iUca of ti« -. :*a
"?axi7 morning a<l(*3 are la tae l*rt
haad coiuas aa.i ti«i ¦¦eenaCm tidus cf t!ia
day 12. tie crier it octnrr-scu u to time; th*
foirti tiays coi-an gi"»*s ti« last ti.l» cf ti«
ity -x::e;c -srSea tiers ar% Set tire« tidrta. a*
wjnietisies c«ccrs. Th* Swi^ats yiv«?n ars ia
i ::.--."" tc the sou2>iir:j5.j oi t!ie Vai^fl -"j:-m
Cjaat 5irv«»y diarta. «x:epi: wiea a. mirtoa ( — >
»;j^ pr^ct?<ii"r? ta«? faeisit. a3-i th.ua tae nuraii»r
ei«en la inttra^ted fram tae dspta jlTea by
ti» ¦jharts. The sL*2e aC r«i»r?ace is tie tseaa
o£ tie te»«r I«:w wafers.
?AN Pa*JCCtSCO. Saw; I*— 5 p. a.
jeramres ars n»pcrt*I for da prrviooa day
i frnm Eastern eitiff»:
t^a^irmntf M-C Xst Orleans 70-54
Boiftcn; .- .T-.^-t* P^iTa.tgljfela. 40-3.*
Jaciaonvtlle <5S^34 Tra»hir«t.:n. *i«-2?t
it. L.:iii» M-SJ 2Cc« Torit J54-.~O
CtrcsjT> Pittabury 5+-f>
S.V>" FSASC33CO TO-30
Thi? CdBswtsc »e» i^.* i<ia*cnal raLsfxIls ta
>ia;i». a.< ¦:orapar»>I with. th':w» c( *i3ie 'iati? laj*
2«?a=c3. and rxisfall ta !aat tmwatj-tixax ho'irs:
List This L»sr
Stin-.n.-! — 24 hcuri. • sea*Tn. w«jion.
Etir-iti -tot 7.<52 10-Ti
r*i eiun e«> t.'so 3. it
5icram«W : -•»> *.24 1.50
Sea Fni-icisco - Tr. T.^i 1.61
Fresno Tr. 3.«55 0.2>
tB&fpandfeiKe CO 'K47 0. C
5o=. Luis OblsTja 09 4.>«) ».l*
Ism A-!^*i« "» t.I-1 O.*3
; Sa=. Diein :„'; .€<> ».I4 ( <>.*?
THE irC'.tST RECORD.
_— - - - -- -
I t% il H f s 1
= ====«= * =.
STATION'S. - I=*3=§ *S ?
i »-»"—¦ -f r
¦ — — I a
- » » ' • I
3aker 3O.r: 4=~~3« ?T Clear" Ic«
*~a--~*.jn 31KL2 IO +4 W O«ar Tr.
¦ Eur-ia. -TO.OT 3<i ZZ N Clear .«
PrMi:*..,.*..*,!! «« 4» 3T5" CT«ar 'Tr
TTxjstar .... 25.38 it « 5TT Ct*ar .CO
l2ii*T>«!3.iiKic«. . .'. .. €8 ¦'.. ?TW Ct-ar .00
Lq» Aaf!!i«»..23.3« 74 SO S"V5T Cifar .CO
Jt: Ti2ia.;pai«.3«>. U 49 .. \W Clear .CO
9tacth K-od.. J». 14 43 42 SE Clondy Tr.
PSo-enil »..*« *4 42 STC Clear -CO
P-jcateilo 23. W Si> 4<> 5"W Clooiy Tr.
' Portend 3O.*» 32 44 S Pt.CUtr .22
Fl*4 BlaiT 3O.24 »H 3O JT3 C1«ar .0»>
; Rjseburi 3t). r 2 « N Clear -»
' Sa^nrs-cta ...TO. IS «2 4-t N^W tTlear Tr.
: Salt L*k* 25.98 34 3* NTT Clotuiy .00
Sis Fr*3cisca.3:>.2!> «> 50 N"W CI*ar Tr.
5aa L. Q5i3co..'Ttt.'>» «4 4rf X CI«ar .«»
; Saa Diearo 29.02 *S &> .VW CTomlr -CO
1 S«attl<- 3O.2f> « 4» SE CtaitiT .«H
! Spcicaa* 3O-.ZO 5+ 4t> SW Clear .OS
] Tat«j*h .W.*M 4H 4t> SE <?!nu.iy .04
I WaHa WmEa^J»J9 3<> 42 S"W <riear Tr.
: 'WUtaesiucTSi. ."O.l-i 30 2S 5"W CT«ar .04
! Tiia^i ...2».aS *2 « XTT O«ar .CO
: •wsatezh coxnrrxoxs axi> ceseilki.
. FORSCA3T.
Fair -!r»arh*r preirills jv«- tie PiaJc sTcp«.
•xcepc in Norch-WMtffra, Waaaiayun and tin*
'¦ Rociy Kcantain r»)?ion. »S*rt it ia clomi?.
: Lii~.; sho'w»r7 hiiv« fin<?c in ¦Waaaingtcn. Ore
; fzn. Iiia£o ami Mortiera N-vaJa.
TS.* pr»ssure iraa rtspa ra;M:y ( 7v»r ti*
' ecrt&westera pcrtica cf tie cocatry, asti CaCea
| oir»r Artzcna.
Th# tam5«»rature Saa fall«s cv»r N'ortiera
! X«Tiada. Itxhn i=(f Li* eastern, cordons c«
TVaabiagtcn and Orescn.
5*or~cajt —a :¦* at f*a Frarjcisco for thirty
h-iur^ ••zt\',~,g miiVr.'.giiX. Xov -m.5gr 13;
Xirtiera Calliami-i — B*air Saror^tay: Iiyit
ccrtiiwijst wiad.
Sciitiicrti CaETsnsia — Fair Sattiriay; lijtt
i west wis-.l.
Xe-ra.ia.— Fair Satariay.
Saa Francisco asii Tictsity — Fair Saturday;
j lijht cortiweat -wlati.
Lcb A=ysl»»» asi Tfclaity — Fair Satarfax; '
¦ Uxit west W,a<l-
SaTramejita anii vicinity — Fair c.iriir»»ay
Fr«sao and vldsirr — Fair Saar-iay^
O. H. WILLSOX. Lccal Forecaster.
TesEpcrariTy in Ctarr*.
Sen. Moon and TTde-
S'rirreT. f EestiEa^ca. | Sails.
Fara'.icn jkar»u * Wiy PoetSLpfixr. 13
Coczajr* C.ty. =Tur»»r i V«"ay Porrj_ Njv. S.
Doish^s. : iki^Tiy & ""ay Pcrta. Xa*-. 23
K-TT— ri.-i.fr .. . i £Vi<p»a7 & Wiy P^rtJ. :Xct. i»
TES SCHOO3CE2 rg'iPT.'gs i^
?ALK A>I> THE rREXCH iVRK
ili33 Condon, known as an opera
sinxer from one end of the continent
to the other and for her excellent
work with the Tivoli Opera-house
company, san.? for her first number
Meytsrbeer's beautiful composition.
"Nob!* Slgnor." from **Les Hugne
nots." Her next numbers were Tosti'3
"Seranata" and De Koven's "I Love
Thee So." Her renierin; of the songs
was "perfect and won enthusiastic ap
plause.
Tfae Knickerbocker quartet s num
bers were "Spanish Bolero" and
-Hush. To' Honey.** and for encores.
"Two Flies" and ¦The Little Brass
Band." Professor llarquardt's violin
«olo3 ' were -*Sotivenir d'Haydn™ and
Vteuxtemps' "Ballade and Polonaise."
L. A- Larsen saa? "The Charmed
Cup" splendidly and for an encore
"Two Grenadiers."*
Th<» accompanists were Mrs. Morris
Kramer. Mrs. Larsen and llr. Harst.
Tlie first social reception sivea by
the John" Breaner Company at its
establishment. 2C1-2S1 Geary street.
Ia3t evening proved to b* an event of
no small importance. Several thou
sand persons were present and en
joyed a splendid instrumental con
rert on ta^ first 2oor under the direc
tion of F. J- Eppatein. Many repre
sentative San Francisco families at
tended. On the top- Soor. which cad
b*»a transformed into a handsome
concert room, they listened to the su
perb sinsins of Mi23 K - ta Condon and
the selections of the ever popular
Knickerbocker quartet, the bass solos
of L. A. Larsen and tiie very artistic
violin solos of John ilarcuardt.
John Brermer Company Entertains
Iramen=e A*sembLr2e antl Kate
Coadon Score* Sixcc«s*5.
GRE.VT GATHEK1>*G AT
A>' E\"EM>'G RECEPTION
Moveiaeci* of Stean^r*.
(l^T.ti M»riil _-a — ?aci5tr Tlin-.V
H*«t3^3 Mfr* ta a <l_r»ci: Xltrai* purr •.:
To Load Laaib»?r.
T*« Br-.tr»C ship S«-cttiafr l*le* v*s T>a_-«"i
T«5rMr4i»T Cor I^-.nrfen. wttS O.12S
cl.'3 taru-T. vai-*d at J.S3.1S1. and ia.'iot> ft
Stiipin«*iit cf Barley.
t-!-iay i-c H— : :li «ta SBmtmy wttS BQt^MQ
rx.:.-r.-» at rrc-> cil ia 6di. val':i»-I a: i'-i~.Z''.O.
azJ <50t> «aHcE5 c£ gi^c!l=*. «a:^s4 it J>*.
Weather Report.
XEWS OF THE OCE.1N
The owners of sixty-one ships of all
kinds and slzss, r?^i3ter°d in San Fran
cisco. tTit plyi*ts rnostly in <:th«r than
California waters, have join^I forces
to recover ta^as paid -jnd«r pretest.
Tbe claims of thirteen individual and
corporate owners have been aasi?ne<i t-J
the California SMppins Cqenpany.
¦vfcich y«esterd.ir Sled <rait azainst th-^
city and county of San Francisco f-?r
Jli s o'>54. tte acgr-eza-ti of th* taxes
paid.
Copi" 1^ of ea.-h owtaert procest ar? at
tached to the btzDqp corrpLaint and it
appears that aocae of the vessels as
sessed have never been ta California.
¦waters, som* have noc been hare f>jr
two or tnre<; ytar3 and some soiled a
few wetis or a few days before the
Assessor came around. Some do a^l
their plyin? in Pszet Sound waters and
some in the sjoctety Islands. In th<»
case of all it is urxed that tie taxation
Is contrary to the principle that v?sse:s
shocrd b<? taxed where they ply instead
of where th<=»7 are earned.
It is costended that the la^v providin?
for the taxation of vessels where the>
are registered is unconstitutional; that
it is in conflict vnzH the e: restitution.
which, provides that property aiizll be
raxed where it is lorate-i on tne Crsr
Monday in March, aztd in tie case 04
the vpst^ls In q^estkm not one of ffim
wa * in California waters oa that day
of th ; * year. It is alleged that the law.
if v-jsiid wocld permit o£ dJCM* taxa
tion, because racy of tne ships are
taxed in other Stages.
The number cf vessels and ..he
anomt of taxes paid under protest by
-ach owner are- as follows: California
Sblppins Company, sixteen. Pg»>
Hind. Ebalpb & Co.. eizhte-n. |41'jOT1.
& SUBflc; three, SZEI5S: Albert Meyer.
four, $33C<M: Acdrew Anderson, seven.
J433 5S: California and Ores^a atearo
ship Company, seven. $2543 53: c-^-
\Tocwi Lumber O:.zr.pary, nice. H'ipn— .
Louis Scimltt. oce.«4K: Robert!. iy
aoa, facr. 'Sll^ 4S:- G«r?» H- Comas.
four. }C33.W: J- Fes3*?nden Ctari. one.
\?A 'jn: Fw Ci- Byx'cee. two. S232_l!>; Coast
Shipping Corr.pany. four. H^- 1 34-
Craft Levie<l Fp)n Are Eeg
istered Here, but Do Xot
Ply in These Waters
yOT IX THESE WATEKS
aici? c~ th* putt Bt2a T«st*rday after- i
"" .>"'¦' '"•^*- <**¦¦ *¦<**¦ -"¦ :s V* ?¦*•• f 1^
T ' *|* *^ '"^**^ T"3 — * *"*" CJ»»-~T-- W "»
h-ii s.= nrfltng tin? Au^-ls: 14.
-vh^. mSOx 3. carra cf saln-jru ah* left !
CftiMV fcr this pert. Hzs-ry -s-riti!r i
crcc^itrr»d gjad Septen'b'fr T. -with
ber midar sr^i:* ard her cr^-s- to a •
?^a.:e .-; =;^y. sh-i limped into ]>i--c2i ;
Bsrbcs.
Tt* cczj^-a.cra i-i-:r Trhioi tie «a.ri
crs tsii been e=^x??-2 hid expired a^d
th- =^a ds=iaLi:d«i thxi Captain Hi=-
pay ffim ciL Tb^ tJsey breed
tSsa ta 2a and xritt th«ir par ta tTi^tr
po.-kers riey trwk paasax* on a —!aii
yt«a=-?r Car S?attl». !-;a.vl:^r Cayratn
Kirrir Trfthoct rrT-e«- and wttb a '
• revteas, ndd-rleo ship" en tls hacdi i
Sf asey ta * San Fran-iisco bask has
'^iln* as an imntefiiat* tn^iin^; ,
•:* »3.zhazLff* in far a;raT Dntci Bar- ,
bor and as the banking facilir.i» t&eri \
act?-. Captain Ha=ar tad tn sell I
7-trt of his carg~> Ca ra.is« m^jn^y trj
pay &r r?pairir.? hi; ship and ta c:3Ter
Che !tt«r »xp«?nses of bis forced drtsn
tiao. Wlwa d* l!cLa^rin was ready
fcr s*a th^ Sicpp^r ccnab^d ti» b»?acli
for a crc-ar. Forf_-iatsly the steamer
Sci'xaTJt* -was tied -:p th«?n» and from j
&*rr «??<••«¦ Captain f-?a :-ir s^t a r.uni- '
v *^r f ~*r. T^ r 3 cp his coscpte**
~*—t h 1 ? hii ta tiki h* o>;zld cst
and tj".- 1 .z i =r-xT~.tirrs intsr^st-r-i i~ th^?
3fcL«"r:r were cr»a.tly r^IicT^d y^s
t»»rdar wbes th» ship iras ceyotted in
arTar»t:*Jy «r»-!nditicc
T::« r»T«::» carter H-^h M^r-sllorh j
towed ti* M--lAcrtn tnrr!-3A th- I
straits and aneS out to th» op«n s^s. and |
! - — th<*r* tc this port Captain Ham- I
mar and his scratc^ er?-y have brc-:r u .-. ;
- u .- v-es*?I in safety. Sne I«?ft Dutch;
Kirbcr «>rtcN?r ;*.
D«"rfi2» to B^
¦WTwe. *>»:rs* crr^'i lift tie srliee r-r* he
b»:*=* a. i**'jtr ta sailirr*. «X£i Uli-
F"r»< *i^l i* fcrpiy *?t— »?* •> his n»w bcsinaw
•- i: 3 w-ir— frsct dr;« Se Zi* ~.a—*
rii?r*> rhin t is" ¦ ¦ j Jest <ofcs f * | ~*'if <?n~i3er
d±i tn.T»l*r. «-«v« r»«-ir u> xtt^nt. Br-»wn
*u *TT**' < ti» «fc:; a ¦:¦•» *-r "» 5*r»ne!i
fc*rn; be PtBcr. ScuTid izr 57ri=«y E^ij C3T
crien H« lacked Jsat coe ma cr. Tliursdir
an*r2oee wise Ja.se. cr a. eww t£r«t.
c-«w t^x Ea ti« wxr»r ;rsnt lai^cc fiCT
'.ra^r :=v;jirrf ;.-.* w^r-aject* cf tie wliri
?^.d »t:':S «ir^='l —• rL*iU=j?T-» Car £*atr.««.
Benra.
r«ri«ct 5«=d B*T :t. C-cly t^=* I c*t *SJ
tcK. i='i I rever txk* * mis wSea I <:*3. s^c
«. t**ur."
"iaj. St-sr*r. I caa rat yro ce u t r*al
*-».- F—-*=»i of =;;a^. exyatn of x SI* *xi::=*
-ir-a ii-eiffii Bob Pujtw: H* » a
¦ - - ;_«• i- : .¦•¦»:» — ;-u-7 il J ' *~
iaL^ as beer wa. 'O<m«t^. ' *ajr* S*. i i "
y?ii fcsow at so:r-« r»i BeU*w ""¦ w-wiM I.'x*
k -r.* S3 w-.-ii s*T I f*r as iltt-mI Ica*
»rrrj» »: c =r«!?- - 'Nj. c»5.' «*.ti L 'I
-. - 'ret ti I bnz -sf asr cms ti»c I tiirit
=m=ca «B th« TC«)iMti;'.t bol^wmd. and
«.-¦; Us b«ccer?» w«r- cSoc-rtontac ta a
- . - »- '.a-m-a. t-j wier« tie t* Pp-Lkt j»ulj|
a; h»"r ancircr <-'*t*-^ Ot»t th» »;ii» eli:s!5«i
< -a^ aad. aiter erri*ri« ti« b.:as=an ta *:¦*
<:i.-»*^l w.ti ti» trKi. fat ssLrr.«d to v%Hi iTl
Wr i»c^c tii=4t ytjTi'r* *-«=*"' aai*d
a waigfcTrai wSa blocked hi» pars.
T- (Ska oait-. r= a jT**t cf ti»
¦-"¦re 'i =vy •— »-' =:•- Trj tag ;-it'«t- Zirsi?. "
ca^:a ir=a=«i*l ta b* taira aair>r».
*~= OH i«cic Cli* '¦^a a scractw. fic* 1 
rr«r. «"¦* the tasactsrxs <i*n<1x<i to i—
rr<»Trii •rsi:<l b* -aH«< en t» a5»t.»t is pcnul
bqc t=»» irrm^K-r :^r -?Ti=«7 a=-i ¦* 5*a.n;i»
ti* !*n<H=« C^-ai* '.e»i»^ aa=cr» a rut a*^~r
K.-fr«i r~— — T-y ¦: — ¦•; «a^ TT«ch<^I a 3t*rk<«t
¦CmcC car. H<» n?=i -rr T:ia rV-:«Ti 7»r:»rtaT
I'— ' '¦! asi l» «~rt=* ta 5^art> bj rx:L
Proprietors of Sixty-One Ves
sels Say Assessment of
Their Boats Was Illegal
MUTINEERS ARE PAID OFF IN ALASKA
SALMON SHIP McLAURIN ENDS HER EVENTFUL VOYAGE
SHIP OWNERS
SUE FOR TAXES
THE SAN" FRAXCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 19. 19<M.
7
Features
-OF
NEXT ~
SUNDAY'S
CALL.
THE SUNDAY CAU^S FREE PIANO LESSONS
FEIST LESSC.NL
By Prc£=S3or W. Scctt Grove cf Scrarrtcs, Pa.
First Insiallment, of M Donb!s Harness/'
By Asthcay Hope, the Celebrated NcveHst.
ANNO UNCEMEN T
The Call's $50 per Week
Prize Story Contest
"JH the Fountain of Trevi."
By Cera Cressey Crow of Stanisiass Cc=ty. CaL
The Fir3t Story ta Wns 85a 05ersd by The CaZ-
Who WiH Capnrs Next Weei*s Award?
"New EnglandThanksgicing Dinner"
What the Gccd Kacse-sife Served and Hot*
She Made the Variotzs Dishes.
"From the Book Press."
By Robert W. Ritchie. The Call's Lirerary Editcr.
"New Decorative Schemes for the
Thanksgiving Table."
By An=a S. Richardscn.
After the Thanksgiving Dinner-ffHAT?
OPIERE^D "OH HELL."
"Jottings of Old Lim Jucklin."
By OttIs Read— "On HcIL"
"Billy Patterpat"
By Fra=k K. S-s^eet.
"What Women Want to Know."
By Madge Mocre.
CHJtRLES DRYDEN.
" On and Off the Bread Wagon."
By Charles Dryden.
Poem—" Mistakes. "
By Elecsers E. Hoeft.
"Fables for the Foolish."
By Nicholas Nsrso.
"Snap Judgments."
By The Parses. »
Puzzle Page— Name Puzzles
I ;::;COMIC SUPPLEMENT;;;;"
Free Art Supplement
Brjson'sBeaatifsl Fianre k *lci2rican Beantiss"*
MR. DOOLEY
On "Intellectual Life"
"Jin Honest Man."
By Rev. Edward Neindsr, Ph. D.
TH P m^SSB^ 1 ' T \ r V- "^l T7
Mff and daily excursions in Pullman tourist
jf^jf sleeping "cars without change from LosW\
MB Angeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, San ¥m
BB Franci5co. Bakersn.eld ? Fresno, Lathrop, lam
MB Stockton, Sacramento and other California tl\i
points via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific I
h 3 and^Chicago & North - Western Railways f 1
i I through "#« g% O 1 0 A |5 f| 1/ //
|m I 49 yllevnvlv ////
l^k and the East. Fast trains. 'Excellent mm
%^ service. Dining car service a la carte. BB
IWk Choice of routes. Lowround-triprates-^K#'
Double berth to Chicago onl v $7.00.^^
J5S^^i^"^Si *- *- SITCHII. Sas«al l^Ktl ftciSz Coast. J\.iL»|j'j.ii«w */ 1 /
/^giTl^^5*Jrl C.*S.W.g ?^g:7Wart3tS^r t ilaeaaatt«. j^IjfJ»jlajH[
1 f 1 This Story Wins the FirstX
p Read $5O Offered by The Call S
I Story T^ 4 * £ T* * 1
Fountain of Trevi
To-morrow's By CORA CRESSEY CROW I
r Call 0^ Crows Landing, Stanisbts Coxsty. a
\ IVlagazin^ I
I Section mho uoai Take the $5O I
I L-p— — =— J Offered Next Week? jTownsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 7 IS Market St.*
Jiggs— That man over there who is
sneezing so much must have a bad cold.
Jaggs— He isn't sneezing; he's trying
to pronounce the names ot the Russian
generals. . *
AWJTUU.
Landlady— Mr. Jones just had dinner
and he didn't kick about chicken
being tough.
Boarder— That ' may be so, but you
know Jones is an athlete.
ANYTHING GOES.
It Is true that there were elements
of weakness In the Democratic cam
paign, but they become Insignificant
In the face of the tidal wave that
swept Rooseveltward. The people
plainly wanted Roosevelt and they
voted for him with a unanimity al
most unprecedented in American elec
tions. — Kansas City World.
and national administration, and If
he shall demonstrate that he Is not
dominated by the trusts by Instituting
a vigorous prosecution of every com
bination that is exploiting the masses,
we shall be additionally grateful.—
Houston Post
display the printed silk lining. Th©
skirt fits snugly, though not at all
tightly, over the hips, and below the
knee a full circular flounce i3 applied
in irregular scallopings, these and the
trimming straps being all piped with
suede that exactly matches the cloth.
There is a train of medium length, and
the entire hem is faced with velveteen
dyed to match the cloth, this forestall
ing the effect of wear upon the satia
surface of the goods.
as well. The John Forsythe
model shows an adaptation of the
Louis Quinze design, developed In a
deep rich dahlia red cloth, and the
dressy touches are offered in the cley
er way that braids are used In con
junction with lace stitches on the coat
and basque. There Is no collar and
just the hint of a vest down the front,
and the place usually occupied by the
darts is filled In with the braid lace,
the cloth being cut away beneath to
EVEN the severest of the tailor
mades are this season showing
dressy touches that make them
suitable for afternoon occasions
THE PRESS OF THE NATION:
Mr. Roosevelfe sweeping victory
shows that a majority of the voters
of the North and West are still arrayed
5n EUDport of the principles for which
the Republican partv »stands, for the
landslide cannot be ascribed entirely
to Mr. Roosevelt's personality.—Minne
apolis Times.
Whatever misgivings we may enter
tain as to the future of the South and
the welfare of the country, we can at
least hope that Mr. Roosevelt will be
steadied by the added responsibilities
which wiJl eoon rest upon him. We
6ha.ll all De glad if he -will sober down
and give the country a quiet, cautious
i i T-x OUBLE HARNESS," Anthony Hope's latest novel, be
\ J gins in the Sunday Call Magazine to-morrow. The
* — work of Anthonv Hope is familiar to all readers' of
fiction. Since "The Prisoner of Zenda" stamped him as one
of the greatest romanticists of the present day, he has held
his high place with a succession of equally powerful nov
els which have been popular successes of their day, notably
'•Rupert of Hentzau," "Captain Dieppe" and "The Dolly Dialogues."
In the present novel, "Double Harness," all of his keen insight into
human character, all his faculty for creating intensely dramatic situa
tions and his keen and polished word play, are displayed at the very
zenith of their art. This is one of the highest class fiction offerings
that the Sunday Call has ever given, and can be strongly recom
mended both as a novel of pastime for those who only desire a good
story and as a problem novel, dealing with a frequent combination
arising in married life, for those \vho v like their novel with a prob
lem. The novel will be published complete in four installments.
Another feature of interest is the publication of the first prize
story in the fiction contest, entitled "At the Fountain of Trevi," writ
ten by Cora Cressy Crow. Opie Read, whose stories of Kentucky
and Southern life are well known, begins a series of reflections on
topics of general interest in "Jottings of Old Lim Jucklin." The first
article of the series is entitled "On Hell," a title which is sufficiently
explicit. There are several special Thanksgiving features: "New
Decorative Scheme for the Thanksgiving Table," by Anna Richard
son, giving hints to hostesses for original schemes for table decora
tions: "After the Thanksgiving Dinner — What?" containing hints
for enjoyable pastimes for the evening; and "An Old-Fashioned New
England Thanksgiving Dinner," which will look familiar to those
who come from the land of apple cider, pumpkin pies and roast
turkey.
"On and Off the Bread Wagon," by Charles Dryden, continues ;
Madge Moore has a page on "The Girl Who Flirts" ; .Robert W.
Ritchie reviews current literature ; and there is the customary puzzle
page for the children.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
"Might be the Emperor William trav
eling incog.," she mused, as her aroused
glance took in the square-set shoulders,
clear-cut face and crisp hair. A few
months earlier it would not have oc
curred to her to notice a man in over
alls and blouse at all. Seen from her
carriage, they had been mere shadows,
by no means human beings. Now all
was different. Though she began to
suspect that the pursuit of knowledge
was only another of the endless make
shifts by which we strive to forget the
ennui of life, she had learned one cardi
nal fact— namely, that the humblest
worker shares all the most Important
things of life with the greatest po
tentate.
The young workman, meantime, had
dropped Into a corner seat, thrown one
leg over the other, and, with an arm
extended along the back of the seat,
turned a preoccupied glance out of the
window, thereby presenting to his vis
a-vis a profile that, to say the least,
bespoke absolute physical integrity.
His hands, she noticed with grow
ing wonder, though large and power
ful, were of the sort most frequently
seen protruding from the sleeves of
modish tweeds or knowing Tuxe
dos. Emerging from the sleeves
of a blouse they were nothing
short of startling, and Miss Sinclair
was stirred by an Interest that degen
erated Into curiosity. What manner of
workman could he be, who wore all
the habiliments of toil with the air of
one descended from a throne for an
hour's masquerading?
With an abrupt turn of the head,
uncannily suggestive of his having
heard her mute query, he turned and
received her puzzled glance full in the
face. For a moment they stared at
each other with- the undisturbed
frankness of a pair of children. Thei^
Miss Sinclair, with an acute recollec
tion of the newly, acquired fact that
the humblest of tollers is a person
and not a thing, withdrew her eyes,
while the man in overalls took his
turn at inspecting. It was for this
reason that she did not see the slight
twitch of the lips that had followed
the open amazement of her glance.
When, later in the day, she recalled
the little scene that followed, she
cculd not find but one excuse. It was
an upflare of that madness which a
certain philosopher had long since dis
covered as lurking In each and every
human brain.
A quick, resolute desire to know
who and what he was had seized her,
and for twenty-five years she had
been accustomed to getting what she
/wanted. Was he not. by every token
a mere workman — a man of the sort
that might come to — to fix the electric
She was listlessly thinking some such
thoughts as these one her way to a
lecture one day, when 'a man in overalls
and blouse boarded the car. Something
in the way he carried himself attracted
her attention.
In this wise the winter days marched
by, keeping step, it seemed to her, with
a grim, stupefying monotony. Whether
she looked backward into the past or
forward into the future, the view was
the same — a blur of gray days huddled
together by the perspective.
rather astounding size. This possibly
had something to do with the depres
sion of mind that drove her into the
serious field of sociology, the very rich
and the very poor being in practically
the same predicament. To have every
wish gratified is in effect as crushing
as to have no wish gratified. This is
as plain as a pikestaff, and it doubtless
had something to do with Marcia Sin
clair's unnatural thirst for knowledge.
In consequence, she might have been
seen almost any day that winter wend
ing her way up to Columbia, clad in
austere tailor-made gowns and carry
ing a book or two, as the "outward vis
ible sign" of her inward Intensity. So
ciology, she decided at the start, should
begin at 'home, and thereupon she
abandoned her carriage and took to
street cars, thereby seeing more of real
life than she ever had seen before.
FOR A MOMENT TTIEY
STARED AT EACH OTHER.
3OCIOLOGY was at the bottom of
It — but what was responsible for
the sociology, is beyond the writ
er's knowledge.
When the corners of a wom
an's mouth turn upward and the
tips of her fingers curl ever so
slightly backward, it is safe to as
sume that she was intended for the dec
orative rather than the useful purposes
of life. Dame Nature arranges these
little matters to suit herself.
Fate, by way of showing herself In
accord with Nature's intentions in re
gard to Miss Sinclair, provided that
young lady with a bank account of
* : 1 J.
THE seventh annual banquet of the San Francisco Merchants'
Association furnished material for study and reflection that
will attract attention throughout the Union. It dealt with the
jobbery and the crime that are features in municipal -government
and politics in every city in the country that is big enough to
tempt crime by the amount of spoils in sight. Therefore the sit
uation considered and discussed is a universal condition and in that
lies the reason why the interest in what was said will be general.
If only San Francisco presented the features that were de
nounced, this would be a city singular in its misfortune. But it is
singular only in the determination of this strong body of men
that these evils should be hunted in their last hiding place, and
that those who are responsible for them shall be punished. Presi
dent Symmes sounded the keynote in his introductory address by
saying that once the association was "satisfied in seeing that the
streets were well swept, but now we are determined to sweep the
polls and sweep them clean."
Mr. Loveland traced the effect of criminal politics into the cost
of municipal government, showing that the public expense of New
York City is greater than the cost of the civil government of the
United States, and that the municipal expenses of that city are
greater than those of Rome in the days of the empire. Mr. Phelan
declared that people feared the red flag of anarchy, but were patient
when over city government was raised the red flag of the auctioneer,
meaning that everything is for 'sale. Mr. McNab said:
r"In universal' suffrage, where the citizen acts he is his own
politician, and there is room for none other. The boss is the agent
of the absent voter, so constituted by neglect of duty. The only
practical politics I know of consists in voting. The rule of the
professional politician is minority rule. It is dependent on the
refusal or neglect of the majority to act."
Mr. Fairfax Wheelan described his effort to purge the primary
of fraud, giving details not before made public. Throughout a de
termination was expressed to push the prosecutions now on and to
add others, until the courts and juries have had a chance to join
the association and all good citizens in compelling fraud at elections
and crimes against the franchise to cease in this city. In every
speech rings the sentiment that all citizens must take a hand in
making elections what the law intends and the safety of the com
munity requires, the exact register of the will of the majority.
There is no doubt that the action of the association in prosecuting
the agents of fraud at the August primary was entirely instrumental
in securing the clean election in November. That proves the power
and. influence that proper attention by decent citizens exerts upon
those who will be criminal at the polls when they are not watched
and fear no punishment. Many feared that this activity of the
association would be sporadic, that it would be in the nature of a
raid into the stronghold of the enemies of good government, to
make immediate reprisals, and then would cease. But all such ap
prehension is set- at rest by the clearly expressed determination to
keep ceaseless watch and maintain the threat of punishment and
the power to make it good.
The peculiar charter of the city makes this more necessary than
ever. It furnishes a concentration of power which even the wisest
and the best of executives may fail to administer properly, unless
he is assisted by the honest and decent citizens of the community.
Perhaps the best of all the work proposed by the association is that
of keeping every citizen reminded of his highest civic duty, the duty
of voting at every primary and at every election. He may be sure
that if he fail to vote some stuffer will vote for him. The prosecu
tion of offenders by the association for crimes actually committed is
a function that may be temporary. But rousing the civic spirit of
those who offend by neglect of duty at the primary and the election
is a permanent function. In its annual meetings and in all ways
by which it may reach the public the association must make the
citizen who snubs the poll feel that he, too, is an offender against
good government. He cannot be punished for not voting except as
he stands his share of the punishment of bad, costly and corrupt
government. But as he visits that punishment also upon the inno
cent, upon the dutiful citizen whom he neglected to assist by voting,
he is doubly responsible and twicer-guilty. He is responsible for bad
government and for the suffering of its consequences by those who
tried to make it good by doing their duty. V;
The proceedings of the association at its banquet were inspiring.
They sound like a bugle call. They are like a fresh and wholesome
jrale that clears the air of its clouds and offensive odors. They dis
tinctly dignify and ennoble San Francisco, and sound far afield with
a note of hi^h purpose tliat-encourages the victims of misgovern
ment everywhere to apply the remedy by doing their duty.
BY KEITH GORDON.
Here Is Prettiest
Youngster at
the Fair.
SHE prettiest child in the Louisi
ana Purchase Exposition at St.
Louis is little Virgil Krell of
New York City.
Only two and a half years
old, he has the face and form of
an angel. He is two feet ten
inches in height and weighs thirty-four
pounds. His hair is a rich light gold,
his eyes deep blue, shaded with long,
dark lashes and eyebrows. His com
plexion is very fair and flushed with
pink.
Little Virgil owes his marvelous de-
Xavier Martinez and Maynard Dlxon
will receive this afternoon in their stu
dio, 72S Montgomery street.
To-day is the date for Miss Irene Sa
bln's formal appearance Into society.
A tea from 5 to 7 o'clock will be fol
lowed by a dinner given to the receiv
ing party with an equal number of
men.
The evening will be devoted to danc
ing in the ballroom of the Sabln home.
Miss Lillie Rels and William Hule
will be married to-day at 3 o'clock at
the brlde'B home on Sacramento street.
After a wedding Journey Mr. and Mrs.
Huie will reside at the Hotel Cecil-
An Informal tea will be given to-mor
row afternoon by Miss Elsa Draper to
a limited number of friends whom she
will entertain with simplicity.
• • •
Mrs. Reginald Brooke of London will
be the honored guest at a tea to-day,
given by Mrs. Burke Holladay at her
home on Buchanan street.
As Miss Ruth Holladay, Mrs. Brooke
was well known here and this event
will bring, many friends to enjoy a chat
with her.
Mrs. Pedar Brugulere entertained in
formally at luncheon yesterday at the
beautiful old Bruguiere home, 1800
Franklin street.
A guest of note was Miss Daisy Ren
dall of Los Angeles, who is a beautiful
society maid of the southern city.
The "Saturday Evening Dances" of
such wide popularity last season, will
resume, giving their first dance this
evening in Cotillion Hall. The pa
tronesses are: Mrs. Louis Monteagle,
Mrs. James Potter Langhorne, Mrs.
George Allen Moore, Mrs. Wakefleld
Baker, Mrs. George F. Ashton.
Mr. and Mrs. William Wesley Bm
nett are living In the house that was
formerly a part of the Robert Louis
Stevenson home.
Maren Froellch, the artist, is making
her plans for New York, where she will
probably go in the early winter.
The Princess Ibrahim, the guest of
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs in New ifork, is
a woman of some literary attainments
and said to have a decided ambition in
that direction. As the daughter of
Ishmael Pasha, the Princess is the
highest in caste of any Turkish woman
who has visited the United States.
Miss Lillie Lawlor has arrived in
New York, having been in Paris and
London during the past six months.
Mrs. John H. Boalt has returned
from a prolonged stay in Europe and
is living in a flat* on Broadway.
Dr. and Mrs. Russell Cool are re
siding at Larkin and Greenwich
streets.
The formal introduction of Miss Eu
genia Hawes will take place a week
from to-day at the Hotel Pleasanton.
Mr. and Mrs. J. .B. Schoeder will en-
tertaln at a tea in honor of their
daughter and a large number of guests
have been bidden.
Miss Hawes has Just returned with
her parents from a trip abroad and,
while she is reasonably fond of youth
ful gayety, is not at all on tha frivol
ous orderrner tendencies being, rather,
toward outdoor life and sports. Miss
Hawes is the daughter of the late Hor
ace Hawes.
Mrs. P. L. Wheeler will shortly leave
for Mexico, where she will remain a
few months. During her absence sho
will collect material for a book. Mrs.
Wheeler is accompanied by her two
children.
Mrs. Bacon, with her winsome
daughter, Miss Alice Bacon, leave to
day for their Santa Barbara home.
These plans were unexpected to the
many friends who have been arrang
ing dates for festivities in honor of the
visitors.
• • •
Among other affairs was a dinner
given on Thursday evening at the Bo
hemian Club by Barbour Lathrop to
Miss Bacon.
American beauty roses predominated
in decoration, and, mingling with elec
tric lights about the table, gave an ex
quisite effect.
Miss Bacon's marriage to Thomas
Driscoll will take place in Santa Bar
bara's old Mission Cnurcn about the
middle of January.
The guests bidden by Mr. Lathrop to
meet Miss Bacon were Mrs. Bacon.
Miss Lucy Gwin Coleman, Miss Stella
McCalla, Miss Loufse Redlngton, Miss
Cornelia Kempff, Miss Morgan, Miss
Elizabeth Livermore, Miss Lewis, Ed
ward Tobin, R. M. Tobin, Fritz Kempff,
J. K. Moffltt, Neal Power, Gerald Rath
bone, Drummond MacGavin, Thomas
Driscoll.
Emil Bruguiere Is enjoying the fruiti
of his toil and the honors that go with
success. His latest musical essay. "The
Baroness Fiddlesticks," will open on
Monday night in New York.
Mrs. James Jerome and Miss Jeroms
will be guests of honor at an affair
given by Mrs. E. A. Godfrey on No
vember 26.
Lieutenant C. M. Stone or the U. S.
S. Ohio, with Mrs. Stone, i3 at the Ho
tel Oliver for the winter.
Mrs. H. L. Van Wyck will entertain
at a euchre party In honor of Mrs.
James Jerome and Miss Jerome on
Monday, November 21.
The wedding of Miss Maybel Peck
and Alfred C. Urry took place on Wed
nesday afternoon, November 16, at the
home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick Peck.
The bride, gowned in white crepe de
chine, was attended by Miss Clarine
Mathieu and Miss Vlvienne Urry. who
wore frocks of pink and white.
William C. Peck served the groom.
Rev. Dr. Hays of St. r.uke'3 1 Church,
performing the marriage service, im
mediately after which Mr. and Mrs.
Urry left for Los Angeles, where their
home is to be.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION.
wires or solve plumbing mysteries?
Why, then, should she hesitate to ad
dress him? • ,
- Lifting her eyes, she leaned for
ward with the serene blaudness of a
queen addressing a subject.
"Pardon me" — the' voice was very
winning, but the dullest could not
have misunderstood — it was meant to
put an inferior perfectly at ease —
"pardon me, but I wonder if you
would think it very strange* if I asked
you a few questions? I'm interested
in labor unions," she continued, with a
beautiful directness, "and I should
so like to hear labor's side. Excuse
the personality, but you have the ap
pearance of a workman who thinks
for himself— who— -"
She got no farther, for something
in the man's face transformed her
into a picture of frozen dignity. Rip
ples of mirth seemed to be chasing
each other like little waves across his
quivering lips, while his eyes held a
hundred dancing smiles. Then sud
denly the lights went out and his face
was all humble, flattered gravity.
"I'll do my best, Miss," he replied;
"though as to having thought the
matter out for myself, I can't claim
that I have. Still, we — -us union men
— think labor ought to have a chance
and we're going to have it, too. We'll,
have capital on its knees to us yet!
We'll knock the props from under it,
and don't you forget it!"
With thinly concealed anxiety — the
anxiety of one who was playing a part
and who wondered if he had done
well — he watched the effect of his
words. But he need have had no
fear, for his listener had no standard
by which to judge him. She had lis- i
tened with slowly kindling eyes and
the general appearance of one com
ing into touch with the realities of life :
for the first time.
When at last the car halted at Co
lumbia she alighted with the convic
tion that the man in the blouse had
infused a new interest into life, while
he, as the car coasted down the hill
and into Harlem, stared blankly after
her disappearing figure for a second
and then burst into uncontrollable
laughter.
"The joke's on me," Axe confided to
himself ruefully. "It seems, then,
that blood doesn't always tell — and
that it does take the tailor to make
the man."
He glanced a( the address she had
scribbled on a slip of paper for him,
shrugged his shoulders and narrowed
¦his eyes thoughtfully, the outcome be
ing a decision that she needed the les
son. Besides, the corners of her mouth
were distracting! .
In the days that followed Miss Sin
clair was more and more amazed at
the intelligence, as well as the con
tradictions of John Clayton, electri
cian. His speech would flow on with
a smooth, elegance astonishing in a
man of his class; then, without warn
ing, break into the most ear splitting
errors.
"Hack-kneed phrases! Mere hack
kneed phrases!" he exclaimed fervent
ly in the midst of a discussion one day.
"You see, Miss, in your en-vy-ron
ment" — he accented the third syllable
strongly—" you can't see the things
that I see." Never by any chance did
he use her surname. Yet his manner
at times — in moments of self-forgetful
ness, she fancied — verged upon perfec
tion. Never in her life had she met
with such contradictions. And never
in her life, she mutely admitted to
herself at last, in a state of breathless
dismay— never had she met a man so
entirely interesting.
Of himself he spoke but little, but
sometimes, in the very midst of some
deep question, he would catch a soft,
absent, woman-look in the eyes fixed
intently upon him— a look that had to
do not with wealth, position or the
betterment of the working- classes, but
which made him grow strangely warm
and inwardly call himself a brute.
It was at a dinner party three
months after their first meeting that
the unmasking took place. One blind
ing flash of surprise when Mr. Harring
ton was presented to her, and then Miss
Sinclair was herself again.
"Well?" he murmured brazenly when
he found himself seated beside her at
the table.
"Pray, what is your real name, and,
if I may ask, do you regard life as a
bal masque?" Deftly she managed to
impart to the question tnat elusive
touch of insult, the use of which is one
of the most delicate arts that society
has to teach. But Harrington did not
wince.
"John Clayton Harrington, electri
cal engineer, who has a mind to know
street railways from the ground up,"
he . answered sturdily. At the answer
a sudden gladness leaped Into her eyes.
Her head was bent low, her voice
changed.
"I— I am glad. I should not want
you to b&r-inslncere!" (Copyright, 1904,
by Frances Wilson.)"
VIRGIL. KRELL OP NEW
YORK.
velopment to his father, John Krell,
who decorated the Missouri building,
and who made the New York building
one of the handsomest on the grounds,
says the New York World.
In various places and in divers poses
you may see the picture of little Virgil
on these buildings, done by the loving
hand of his father.
Since the little boy's birth the great
est care has been exercised in forming
the child's habits, in selecting his diet
and in having his baths at a certain
temperature. A sermon for mothers
might be preached on the result.
Every evening Virgil's father gives
him his bath and massage, and again
half an hour before retiring the child
is put through half an hour's exercise.
John Krell has not only been a father
of the boy but a drill master, a physi
cian, a playmate and a general monitor
as well.*
When the child was 3 months old his
father lifted him to the chandelier and
there the baby hung by his hands for
almost a minute.
This kind of exercise was continued
until he was 9 months old, when he
could be held by his feet and lifted
horizontally in the air with his body
perfectly rigid. He now performs many
athletic feats. \
He posed for the famous William
Dodge for decorations for the Majestic
Theater in Boston, Keith's Theater in
Philadelphia, the Empire Theater and
the Hotel Astor in New York.
To visitors at the New York building
in the World's Fair little Virgil proud
ly announces: "I am an American!
Hurrah for America and liberty!" To
emphasize this he waves a small silk
flag which he carries.
"In training my boy l have always
had him out early in the pure morn
ing air. There Is nothing better for a
child than this.
"I make him breathe deeply bo as to
fill his little lungs with it. This makes
his cheeks glow and his eyes sparkle.
"I send him to bed early, for I believe
that 'this saves doctor's bills and keeps
him healthy.
"I play with him every evening. We
have wrestling matches, tugs of war,
blind man's buff and many other
games that make the little folks grow
strong.
"I do not care to have him pose too
much. In fact,' I will not allow him to
pose at all unless his mother is present
to watch for any signs of fatigue.
"It is easy enough to raise a child
in a healthy, rational way if parents
would only take the trouble."
To' curb his wife's extravagant pro
pensities a citizen of Budapest is In
the habit of keeping her locked up In
a room of their, house except on Sun
day, when the shops are shut.
THE MERCHANTS* DINNER • '
THE SOCIOLOGY
OF
MISS SINCLAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
3OUS D. EFRECKELS. . .„ — Proprietor
ADDRESS A*.T. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McyATJGHT * Manager
riTELlCATION OFFICE .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY • NOVEMBER 19, 1904
BY SALLY §HARP.
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041, . *
8The actors are all experienced players
and have spent much time rehearsing
this stirring drama. The full dress re
hearsal held last evening: was a great
success. The scenery has been tur
nlshed by the local theaters and the
costumes have been specially made. The
price of general admission is 25 cents,
reserved seats 50 oents. Tickets will
be on sale during the day at the Al
hambra Theater.
CAMERA CLUB LECTURES PLBASB.—Th*
California Camera Club gave Its one hundred
and seventy-fourth lecture last night at the
Alhambra Theater and a large audience was In
attendance Mre. Edward Kemp was the.
elKaker and used for her subject "Quo Vadl«,"
which was Illustrated by stereopticon views.
£he gave an Interesting narrative, of the time
of Nero, and described how the Christians were
persecuted during those days. The views shown
tm unnwslly good. v3M|
Investor in South Dakota Concern De
clares He Was Deceived by Its
Prospectus.
Henry Julius Mueller alleges that
he was deceived by the glowing pros
pectus of the Continental Brewing
Company of South Dakota and he in
vested $1000, for which he did not, he
says, receive the promised gold 6 per
cent bonds nor shares in the corpora
tion. -Yesterday he brought «uit for
51500 damages against the officers of
the company, whom he names as Wil
liam C. Hamilton, F. D. Mitchell, Ed
Roemer, Daniel Wilson and S. M. Sny
der. The prospectus was circulated
in September, 1902. In big type it
named Bert Schlesinger, ex-DLstrlct
Attorney, as counselor, and the Crock
er-Woolworth Hank as depository.
The* plaintiff declares that Mr. Schles
inger was not counselor and did not
give permission to use his name, and
that no money was deposited at the
bunk- He says further that the com
pany had no real estate, plant nor
mortgages, as pretended.
SAYS BREWING COMPAKY
GAVE NOTHING FOR COIN
The League of the Cross Cadets have
arranged a grand presentation of the
popular military drama, "Shenandoah,"
to be given this evening in the Alham
bra Theater. The cadets have added
two special features to the Dlay. A
srand concert by the Regimental Band
will precede it and appropriate muslo
will be rendered during the acts. A bat
tle scene on an Immense scale has been
planned by Colonel J. E. Power and
George Nicholl, stage director of the
Central Theater. Three hundred cadets
will participate and it will be a plo
turesque and exciting scene.
The cast of characters Is excellent.
I TWO CLEVER PEOPLE WHO WILli
APPEAR IN THE CAST .OF
"SHENANDOAH."
BAN RAFAEL, Nov. 18^-The trial of
the suit for damages of Catherine Han-
Inn against W. D. Bradbury was re
opened to-day with a resumption of
Bradbury's cross examination by Dis
trict Attorney Boyd. The examination
did not change the defendant's testi
mony in a material way. Dr. Thorn
ton was called to testify to the million
aire's health. Mrs. Allen, one of Brad
bury's relatives, testified that the wit
ness Qulgley had denied to her that
Bradbury had committed any offense.
The defense then closed.
In rebuttal District Attorney Boyd
called Mrs. J. J. Pierce and Mrs. W.
White, prominent society women of
Fruitvale, as witnesses. They' both tes
tified that Mrs. Hanifin's reputation In
that town is good. Georga Lund, the
postmaster; Dr. William Beckwlth,
William Rutherford, John Lelth and
George Fredericks all testified to the
same effect. The parents of Mrs. Han-
Inn also testified to their daughter's
good habits and conduct. Tha case
was then closed.
District Attorney Boyd mads tha
opening argument to tha Jury. Attor
ney Hosmer began the argument for
the defense and had not concluded
when the hour of adjournment arrived.
The case will be submitted to the Jury
.to-morrow.
Thanksgiving Town Talk.
Town Talk's Thanksgiving number, an
illustrated, sixty-page magazine, appeared
this week. It Is. one of the most credita
ble of the many fine achievements of the
enterprising publishers. A notable fea
ture of this issue Is "The Hidden Mel
ody," a powerful and artistic short Btory
of characteristic bohernian life In the
American metropolis. The editor ha»
discovered in the author, Oliver White,
an American Murger who has oaught the
right atmosphere and who is a master of
moods. His story pulsates with the fever
of discovery and Impromptu.- In this is
sue begins a series of eloquent open let
ters to men of mark. The first Is ad
dressed to Theodore Roosevelt. The
Saunterer tells of Prince Fushimi's
flight from the local Four Hundred. He
throws some sidelights on the Dolbeer
will contest, retails some breezy Paclflo-
Unlon Club gossip, divulges the name of
the Harmony candidate for Mayor, tells
of Mrs. Carolan's meeting with a Prin
cess and the snubbing of Mrs. Howard
Gould by Lillie Lawlor. There is also
much news in the Saunterer's pages of
people In politics. In literature and on
the stag?, and. throughout, the paper has
the true Thanksgiving; flavor, being filled
with topical sketches and witticisms.
ESTATE APPRAISED. — The estate of Garri
son Oerst has been appraised at $33,011, and
consists" of cash, notes, stocks and bonds.
Search out \ all impurities and expel
them from the system throug-h the nat
ural channels by using Lash's Bitters. *
DOHRMANN INCORPORATES — Articles of
incorporation were filed yesterday by the Dohr
mann Commercial Company, with a capital
stock of $1,000,000. The lncorporators have
subscribed for $100,000 worth of the shares, as
follows: B. Nathan, $10,000: F. W. Dohrmann,
'$45,000; B. W. Paulsen, $7C00; A.B. C. Dohr
mann, $22,000; F. Dohrmana Jr., $10,000, and
H. Wiener. $25.000." _ '
BL PASO, Tex., Nov. . 18.— Tha
Twelfth National- Irrigation Congress
to-day adopted the report of the com
mittee on permanent organization as
submitted last night and the new pres
ident. Governor George C. Pardee of
California, took the chair and made
an address. All the officers recom
mended by thft committee were elected.
The convention adopted a resolution
thanking President Roosevelt for his
letters and for hie interest . In irriga
tion and approving his policy on this
subject.
Tha executive committee was em
powered to act as a committee on cre
dentials at future meetings In order to
eave time and ; expedite the conven
tion's work.
The following vice presidents and
members of tha executive committee
were named:
Nevada, F. Q. Nswlands. Reno; Utah, J,
H. Smith, Salt Lake City; Washington. Cyrus
Happy, Spokane; Arisona, Dwlght B. Htard,
Phoenix: Colorado, *F. H. Brandenburg, Den
ver; New Mexico.- Francis O. Tracey, Carlsbad;
Oregon. Thomas O. Horley. Pendleton; Cali
fornia, Sclplo Craig, Redlands.
Members of th» executive committee — Ne
vada. J. M. Jonas, Reno; Utah, T. J. Kiesel.
Ogden; Washington, H. C. Bcudder, North
Spokane; Arliona, B. A. Fowler, Phoenix;
Colorado A. F. Francis, Cripple Creek; New
Mexico, I*. B. Prlnc«, Eanta BV Oregon, A.
JC Wilson, Portland: Calif omla, C. B. Boothe,
Los Angeles.
Tha resolutions passed daring clos
ing: hours ware Important In many re
spects. One favors a repeal- of the
stone and timber act. Congress is
commended for withdrawing 40,000,000
acres of arid lands and 80,000,000 acres
of forest lands from entry, and the re
peal of the desert land law is urged.
Other resolutions adopted were those
opposing all Issues of land script; urg
ing the Government purchase of all
lands in the limit of forest reserves;
favoring non-interest-bearing loans by
the Government to an irrigation fund
to be used by the Secretary of the In
terior and repaid under the provisions
of the irrigation law; urging a law
permitting States to organize into dis
tricts for the sale of irrigation lands
and upon approval by the Secretary of
the Interior to be allowed to employ
the engineers , of the reclamation
service. .
Resolutions were also passed favoring
legislation to aid beet sugar culture;
urging an appropriation for forest
planting on denuded watersheds with
the view of increasing the value of
streams still flowing and renewing
those which have already disappeared;
urging a consolidation of all Govern
ment forestry? work In the Department
of Agriculture and approving the Lewis
and Clark Exposition at Portland, Ore.
Boothe of Los Angeles was re-elected
chairman of the executive committee
and authorized to select a vice chair
man. Tom Richardson of Portland was
elected secretary.
CATA1OGUES and CAR CARDS. — Gabriel
Printing Co. print anything. 419 Saoramento. •
Melba Is Coming.
• S. Kronberg, who is traveling In ad
vance of Melba, who will sing here In
February, arrived in town yesterday.
Mr. Kronberg promises an exception
ally Interesting series of concerts to
be given by the prima donna. Sha
will bring an orchestra of fifty pieces
and besides will have Mr. Gilibert, one
of the tenors that Grau brought here,
Von Hoose. and Sasall, a young harp
ist, who is heralded in warmest terms,
to assist her. The concerts are to be
given in the first week of Februarys
and there will be two performances.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
It is report •*4 ui>on The best authority that
the 2Ju.'jmain 'Vij^r Company will enter the
field <«f ore reduction on the Pacific Ccast upon
a «cal«- not heretofore attes:Dte<3, and will
actively compete with the Selby Smelting and
Lead Company and other smelters about the
bay. Custom ores will be handled and a
specialty will be made of the by-products of
tbe oreb handled. Sulphuric acid w'.ll b« made
in commercial ouantitise. and sulshur, zinc
arA ot_h»j- products, including fertilizing ma
terials, will be manufactured.
A ten-stamp mill has t»een erected
at the Canfield mine in Nevada Coun
ty, formerly known as the Grizzly Hill
gravel claim at the Blue Tent mine.
Enough work is going on to keep a
twenty-stamp mill busy.
The Nevada City Miner-Transcript
rays that the Jenny Lind Company has
let a contract for an upraise from the
lower leveL
Recent transfers of mining proper
ties are reported by the Mother Lode
Banner as follows:
Yesterday the final payment of 55000 was
made to the Doyle brothers for the Ranch
Th« option given by W. V. Cannally to H.
B. Tomr*in for the New Albany mine. Its
»rtf-T.ricn» and water ditch, provides that
Tompkln hsj> thirty days to examine the mine:
that fce must then p<§t four men to work and
k*-»p them to work continuously; that within
ninety £«vs frcm the expiration of the thirty
h: pay $5000 In cash, in six months a further
fiQ.OOO and six months thereafter the balance
of purchase oriee of $50,000.
A representative of the Hayward estate will
arrive In Sonora next Tuesday to receive pay
ment of $10,000 for the Denemcre, which will
be -ur-J-.es- i and operated, as etatei last
we«k. by a local ryndlcate.
W. P. Whippey and wife have bonded to J.
A. 8. HaskeK. Cor several years superinten
dent of the company's erceltlng operations at
Kc-swirk. eon to Hay Point, where he will
have direct charge of the plart ru>w in course
of reconstruction a.nd improvement. Charles
Murchlson and Philip Bossert. foreman and
assistant fort.Tr.jin respectively of construction
work st K«6wlck. were transferred to Bay
Point two (recks ago.
Siskiyou County is using electric
power and the fact is locally considered
of sufficient significance to be the sub
ject of special comment in the news
papers of Shasta County. The Redding
Free Press says that tTie late rain
storms have been beneficial to the
<juartz mines of SisKiyou County in
furnishing a supply of water for the
batteries, although not sufficient for
placer and hydraulic power. Electri
city, however, supplies the place of
waterpower to a great extent, by car
rying currents long distances from
heavy power streams.
Among the Siskiycn prants to use
electric power is the Mount Vernon
quartz mill, on the divide between
Greenhorn and Cherry creeks. This
plant is running steadily on electric
power from the Siskiyou Electric Com
pany. If the fdow does ' not prevent
the mill will be able to run all win
ter.
The Bully Hill Company at Delamar,
Shasta County, has recently put in a
new electric hoist that Is run by power
furnished by the Northern California
Power Company. The shaft of the
Bully Hill mine, so reports the Redding
Free Press, will be sent down 1500 feet.
It is now £,70 feet deep.
According to the same authority
thirty stamps are now dropping at the
Fairview mine in Trinity County and
the new power is working satisfactori
ly. A new battery of Ten stamps has
been added. Another battery of ten
stamps is in view, so that forty stamps
will be the size of the milling plant in
a few months.
Attention is called by the Redding
Searchlight to the movements of the
Mountain Copper Company in reference
to its new smelting plant to be estab
lished in Contra Costa County. The
Searchlight says:
One of the signs of me times Is the
steady advancement in the use of elec
tric power in the mines of California.
L«&rgre electric plants on the Mother
Lode have succeeded waterpower
plants and independence of operation
has followed. Electric power is doing
the work for the dredgers. In the
northern counties the ures of electri
city in mining are liberal. Coupled
with the processes to make profitable
low gTade ores, that formerly were dis
carded because there was no economi
cal way in which to get from them the
values that they held, and make profit,
the significance of electricity is more
apparent now than ever before, when
the future c-f California as a mining
State is considered.
A change has been made in the or
ders pertaining to mining lands In the
Klondike, under which quartz regula
tions have been amended. The right
Is reserved on all crown lands to grant
rights of way to Individuals or water
companies for the construction and
maintenance of works to convey water
for mining uses. In view of the general
interest in the Klondike the text of the
order by which the Council has effected
the changes is given In substance, as
follows:
Whereas, The regulations governing the dls
posal of the right to divert and use water for
mining purposes la the Yukon Territory, ap
proved by order of the Governor In council on
August 3. 1S9S, provided that the mining
recorder may grant the right to divert and
use water from any stream or lake, at any
part thereof, and the right of way through
and entry upon any mining ground for the
purpose of constructing ditches and flumes to
CGnvey such water; and.
Whereas, There is some doubt as to whether
under the provisions of the regulations above
quoted an officer of th« crown baa the au
thority to grant any right of way through
and entry upon mining, lands for which a
crown grant has been Issued. If sueh crown
grant conveys the surface as well as the under
rights.
Therefore the Governor General In council
is pleas*! to order that section Mo ef tht
quartz mining regulations shall b* and the
Eame is hereby amended by adding the fol
lowing provisions thereto:
"And all such patents com ej tug the sur»
face as well as the under rights shall reserve
to the crown forever such right or rights of
way and of entry as may be required under
any regulations la that behalf now or here
after in force In connection with the construc
tion, maintenance and use of works for the
conveyance of water for use In mining opera
tions." :'„¦"-"-'
While the mining dredges In Califor
nia are extending their field the dredg
ing process for the recovery of gold Is
doing good work in the Klonklde, ao
cording to the Yukon World of October
2a, which says:
Yesterday witnessed what was doubtless the
last eummer work in the way of mining to
be done in the Klondike this season. Ordinary
eluicing in open boxes ceased a week or two
ago. but the work of the dredge on discovery
on Bonanza and the steam shovel plant at
the mouth of Bear Creek continued without in
terruption until within the past twenty-four
hours, the water being turned off at Bear
Creek Friday evening and the fires under the
boilers of the dredge drawn last night.
"This season has be«n the longest w* hare
ever enjoyed since we first began operating
in the Klondike." said J. Moore Elmer to a
World man, "and as successful, too, as we
could anticipate. We first started the dredge
digging May 5 and have continued without
irterruption until yesterday, October 22, mak
ing the season one of unusual length. The
work has been very satisfactory and beyond
ecme needed repairs that will be effected this
winter -wo are in position to begin again with
th* arrival of the first water in the spring.
"The Bear Creek proposition has also turned
out very well and with the shovels w» have
handled a tremendous amount of dirt. The
greatest difficulty w e have had to contend
against at the latter point has been the water
which rues into the cut through the porous
strata of gravel direct from the Klondike in
such quantities that it has kept us busy pump
ing it out. Our pump will handle £000 gal
lons a minute and It has been kept going
at its fullest capacity. The cut will doubtless
fill this winter now that tha plant has been
shut down and It will be a tremendous task
to pump it out in the spring."
KLONDIKE IS DREDGING.
Throughout the Kooky Mountain region and
the J'aclflc Coast zinc ores occur tn greater
or Wv9 amount in many places, but the larger
portion of zinc ores exists as sulphide, and Is
combined with the sulphides of iron, copper
and lead. These ores, where the several sul
phides occur in finely disseminated crystals,
intimately intermixed, were, up to a short
time a«o. undesirable, as the zino was not
wanted by the lead smelter, and the lead and
iron were not wanted by the zinc smelter. The
elt-ctco-piagmetic separator, however, has made
a clean separation of these several sulphides
;¦•-::'.-, and as a result the waste dumps of
several districts suddenly became valuable for
their zinc, lead and copper contents, besides
at once rendering profitable a large volume of
ore In i>lace in the mines. Under the new
conditions and the stimulus £lven the output
ct zinc by the demand for it, that metal has
I*»con:« an imiK^rtant factor in the mineral
output of several Western mining sections
Colorado and Utah have greatly increased
their zinc output, and in British Columbia
zinc hat become a noted feature of Its mineral
production. In neariy all cases the zinc ore*
are chipped hundreds of miles to smelters for
treatment, indicating that this class of ores
will bear a long-distance transportation charge
and a comparatively high reduction charge and
still afford a profit.
The Mining and Scientific Press con
siders a subject of coast importance in
the discussion of the zinc ores that
have been discovered on the Pacific
Coast. In part it says:
Olenfler two pieces of land, situated next to the
Oo:d*n Rule mine, Stent.
TILE WEALTH OF NOME.
The Nome Nugget estimates the sold
product of Nome for the season of 1904,
; not including the spring clean up, at
i $3,000,000. Some of the facts and fig
ures submitted are as follows:
Sinire June V.I last the »ura of $3,251,065 40
in s-j!d dust and bullion has been entered at
i the Nome custom* houst fur shipment to the
} outside. The first shipment amounted to
$2SS,<37 45. and was Bent out on June 13 on
j the Ftfamshlp Oregon. All of this amount was
I from the spring clean-up, which was $1,333,
000. liesides the cold dust entered at the
customs hou."»e for shipment, probably $100,000
was seat to the outside through the pcstofflca
prior to the promulgation of the order of the
| I'cstofrice Department, which virtually (hut
, eft th<? shipment of considerable amounts of
I dust throug-h the pestofflce. It is practically
j impossible to 6ccur» accurate data aa to the
I gold production during the reason Just closing.
| It in probable that It will reach at least
I $.».0uft,ooo. or a total output for tha year, ln
[ eluding tiat realized from winter diggings,
' of a sum Blisrhily in excess of $4,000,000.
It is stated by those in a position to know
I that ut iti-.-i. $5<X>,OUO in dust and bullion is
1 jrwt to be shipped to the States. This will go
i out on the luFt steamers leaving Nome for tha
. season. The Nugget's estimate of the produc-
I lion of 18«3 was H.OOO.uOO, and the returns
from the United States mint practically veri
fied this estimate. The result of the present
season's work, in view of the existing circum
stances, the late spring and the lack of rain
at the beginning of the season, mining men
| say, is entirely satisfactory.
Nome District Makes Good Show for Season
Evidence in Sensational
Suit Is All In and the
Case Is Ready for the Jury
Conyention Thanks Roose
velt for Interest He Has
Displayed in the Snbjeet
DEL17EES M ADDRESS
PARENTS ON TEE STAND
Old Time Methods Give
Way to Improvements.
California Governor Takes
Up Duties as President
of Irrigation Congress
Women of Fruityale Testify
as to the Good Character
of Bradbury's Housekeeper
ELECTRIC POWER HELPS
MINERS OF THE NORTH
GIVE PLAINTIFF
KINDLY WORDS
PARDEE PLACED
IN THE CHAIR
LEAGUE CADETS
TO PLAY GREAT
MILITARY PIECE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARE.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Conrslsff wCl bectn at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue cnttl the last winning nag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES i l : $2000
All Mlsstoa-st. ears transfer to Guerrero
ears, which go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Judge,
f EDWARD gHORTSTAQ. SSjpeai
I OimfBYIiliiOllSE
Third "Week of the Musical Comedy Triumph
2s Messenger Boy
Lolar-'s gr»t teaiTaperm i\ I il U UUUU
Special Thanksgivia* Mat. MSS3I39£K BOY
Usual Tlvoll Prices— 23c, SOc, 73c
Seats always selling. Reg. mat. Saturday.
SPECIAL-SUNDAY ATTZS5009. 907. 2Ctt
iocs. TAsnxtn tbascxsga.
la DssiMttTs I f T r- | ,\
Onat Own LUvIA
Prices— 23c. 50c, 73c. II.
SEAT3 SELLING.
A Big Banner Bill
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Murp&y; Carlixlo'a
Doffs and Ponies: Annuta Close, and
tho Three Kam osiers, z^urt Tbnta of
tie Twelve Navalo Girls: CanSeld and
Carletonj We* Jeanls rietcaer cad '
JOHN T. raTTtT AITD COSEPA/TX.
Regular Matinees Bvery Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday axxd Sunday. Prices— tOo, 23o
and BOo.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Fiona Soutik S33.
MATINEES TO-DAT and TO-M0RROT7.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
Of Tremendous Production of tho Best of AU
Military Dramas,
WINCHESTER
Burling Story of Lor* and Wart
Excitisc Scenlo XSectsf
Hllartoos) Cbmstfyt
PRICES— Ev»s5n«t ,..1<M totfe
Matinees Ida. 13a, I3a
THANKSOrVINO WEEK. NOV. EST-^Ftrst
Production Here of the Stupendous
Melodrama*
Queen of the White Slaves
? Splendid SaoT7 Srery AfUzaoon «&4
Evenln* In ths Theater.
DON'T TAIL TO 823
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THE REIGNINO SENSATION OF CONEY
ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIR.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN BPECTACLB.
Eleetrlo Fountain Display To-2Hffli«.
ADMISSION., .,...10o [ CHILDREN ~.8o
Hew /TjKij Joctcey
California y&J Clob
OAKLAND TRACK.
Commencing SATCRDAT, November IX
Racing every week day. rain or shlna.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. stara.
For special trains stepping at th« track take
8. P Ferry foot of M*rk»t street, at 12:00t
12:30 1:00 1:30 or 2:00. Rsturntng trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:13 p. m. an4
Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H WILLIAM3, President.
PERCT W. TREAT. S«crgtarT.
Weiy Call $1.00 M! to
ALCAZAR "?te*
General Manager.
TO-STIQHT — MATS. TO-DAT AND SUW.
"Compares with New York cast"— Chronldo.
"Extraordinarily fine performance" — Call.
"Played It as artists should" — Examiner.
Clyde Fitch's Powerful Comedy Drama
The Climbers
Evgs., 23o to 73c Mats., Sat. A Bon., 25c to 50a
Thanksslvln* wee*. NEXT MONDAY— First
San Franctaco Production
THE VILLAGE POSTMASTER.
Tho Best of Rustic Comedies — 300 NU&ts la
New York, Five Years In the East
. EXTRA MATINEB THANgSOIVINq.
, CALIFORNIA sx
MATINEE TO-DAY,
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT
' Funniest of All Farces,
A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY
TO-MORROW NIOHT.
ASTSUS SUflA In
1 THE RUNAWAYS
Positively "Will Appear.
The Great New York Casino Musical
Extravaganza.
/\T $1 PRICE9
Thar* win t* No Sunday Mattne* for
This Attraction.
|! BIO DEMAND FOR BEATS.
f*rtl IIMBIA «!l F3MCISCIT3
yULUtifljSl A LHDIM THEM
MATINEE- TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY— LAST TIMES.
Georr* Ada's Comedy Drama,
I COUNTY CHAIRMAN
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
SPECIAL MATINEB THANKSQIVINO DAY,
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In the Ctyfia Fitch Comedy,
HEIR, O"WN" "WAY
SEATS NOW READY.
Sunday NlEht. Nov. 27 — German perform-
ance, "Groscstadtluft."
oRAND~iiiii]
JiAST HIQHT
MATINEB TO-DAY. *
THE FATAL WEDDING
TO-MOBROW MATXNXa
TtM Musical Tomfoolery.
SHOW' GIRL
THE BEST OF ALL. GIRL SHOWS.
HILDA THOMAS, BAM MTLIE and a
Salendld Cast.
MATXITEB TKASnCSGTTXHQ OAT
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIOHTt TO-NTOHTt
BUT TWO MORE NIGHTS.
Matinee To-Day.
Oliver Morosco Offcn
Howard Gonld— J. 0. Oilmonr
And the MaJ«stla Theater Company tn That
Intensely Emotional Drama,
HEARTS AFLAME
Reappearance of ADELE BLOCK. '
jj»xt Monday— "THE TAMINQ OF HELEN."
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manarer.
ALREADY THOROUGHLY ESTABLISHED.
NO ABATEMENT IN ATTBNDANCBL
Dellshted crowds attracted by ;
I #QPULflR
sshi RICES
I lOo and 2Qo |
NO HIGHER.
For choicest scats to see the Greatest Tea !
"Headllners" In any vaudeville theater any
where. Complete change of specialties week-
ly. Performances every afternoon at 2:3a
Twice each evening at 7:80 and 0. Continu-
ous matinees Saturday and Sunday from a to
5 and from 7 to 11 o'clock at night. Children
to any part of the theater. 10c. Only original
European^ moving pictures.
MISCELLANEOUS j8L>n;SEMEyT3.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. PORTLAND
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
TO-DAY and all -week days, 3 p. m.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
TOADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance sals of seats at B Stockton st.
POSTUM CEREAIi.
FOSTC3rS TRICK.
Hotr It Worked Wonders In One
Family.
"While I was a Tea and Coffee user
about eighteen months ago I happened
to pick up a piece of old newspaper and
eaw a letter tome one had written
about the gain In health by quitting
tea asd coffee and using Postum. and
as I was suffering with indigestion and
biliousness I decided perhaps Postum
would Ct my case, so I had Wife get a
package next day and make some.
"I had' been in the habit of taking
cold lunches with a bottle of cold tea,
but had become so bad I could not di-
gest them. In fact, I felt miserable after
every meaL Well, I quit t>oth tea and
coffee and after commencing to use
the Postum I began to feel better at
once and have not had a bilious spell
eince and nv more indigestion. I would
be more than glad to find something
that wouJd make me prosper financial-
ly as that piece of old newspaper did
physically.
"I know it was the cold tea that was
causing the trouble and the Postum
cured it.
"J want to tell you something about
my wife's condition:
"She had been a Ions time coffee
drinker and her feet were swollen so
badly that she could not have a shoe
o.n one of her feet at all and sometimes
not either of them, -ancr suffered ter-
ribly with constipation. She was treat-*
ed for kidney trouble, but the treat-
ment did her no good at all. and she
became perfectly discouraged. In a
6hcrt while after we began to use Pos-
tum and quit tea and coffee she began
to get better, and now she is as good,
healthy and fine * looking wife as you
will find, and I will leave those who
read this letter to Judge for themselves
what did It I want to say right here
we both are often asked what caused
my wife's health to Improve and we
never fail to tell them that it was us-
ing Postum in place of tea and coffee.
"We used to give our boy tea and cof-
fee and he came out witn a skin dis-
ease until his head was almost a mass
of scabs. We took away both tea and
coffee and gave him what we drank —
PoEtum — and shortly the trouble left
entirely, and all my children, like my
ivif«» and myself, are healthy and
Ktrcmg. and the best friends of Postum
you ever saw."
Look in x each pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Koad to W«UvUle>"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
kA disease neglected inevitably
Ta bs| means health lost. No one can
PH afford to be ill. Sickness is
costly, painful and dangerous.
Iba When you commence to feel
II run down, give Nature a friend-
ly lift Help it to throw off the
a H^a m. impurities that clog the system.
I I HI W Tb&e is nothing like
; /
to put the Bowels in good work- |j%
ing order, to repair the Liver, f^ll W II
to improve the Digestion and
banish Headache and Insomnia. H^^^^^^g-^
A few doses will make you feel S^ilS©! w law
like yourself e oeechams Jrills
will do this. They prove all 1 1|
they claim. They save time, M n |
worry"" and expense. B ¦ B WB
Sold Everywhere in Boxes. I O cents and 25 cents.
' '. ¦ . .- . ¦ \__
PRAGERS
I On Every Purchase of $1.OO or Over
There Will Be "Something Doing"
/
to the Amount* of $ 1 .00
Grocery and Liquor Specials This Evening Only
7 tO IO \J 140GJU *
Port, Sherry or Angelica | ™j&&^ Ba ZSZ 10 c
Wmes— Regularly J/ Wa-^box *"**
50c and 75c quart ijfjC st ?* 8d D * t^TT F ±?? r Fa " 3 iA/%
U..+-. c it %J\J^f Dates, stuffed with xmta — IDC
\ DOttle. Special... || reg. tSo box— gpecial iUV>
I Depart- \Mj aimbsozs reuablb giving
ments. {jT MARKET&fJONES >STS Now *
¦¦_-. I jMr. Clark's field has been made of regulation sixe
recently, but the new addition will not be In condition for
fast tournament play for some time, although it will be
available for practice. The grass is rather long on the
Crossways field of Francis J. Carolan, so that it is not
up to Its best standard at the present time. A strong
team of English players, headed by the veteran F. J.
Mackey. is expected over here early in the new year
There are also promises from Eastern experts that they
will pay this coast a visit.
The racing next week will bring out some new ponies,
of which much is expected, -"alter Hobart will start
Marigold for the first time in open competition here. This
pony defeated Lawrence McCreery's Lucy Glitters in a
match some days since and is credited with having beaten
Silver Dick. C. "W. Clark will also show a pony of great
pri/mise.
REPRESENTATIVE POLOISTS OF BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB WHO RANK WITH THE BEST HORSEMEN AND MALLET WIELDERS IN ALL AMERICA AND WHO WILlT REPRESENT THE ClrtJB IN", CHAMPIONSHIP MATCHES.
WANT ELECTRIC LIGHTS.— The* Univer
sity Mound and Bay View Improvement Club
petitioned th» Supervisors yesterday to Install
nin« . electric lights at designated atrwat cor
ners in the district nameO.
SAYS WOMEN ROBBED HIM. Pearl
Evans and Ruth Preaton, alias Clifford, walt
rt«se« in a dance hall at 001 ft Kearny street
were booked at the City Prison yesterday after
noon by Policeman Nelson on a * charge , of
grand larceny. They are accused by Edward
Schobcr. M0 Fulton street; of robbing him
of JGO in a room in the Prescott House
The Dolphin Boat Club is making
prep, rations for ladies' night ' at the
boathouse on Friday, December 2.
tor's card. This is called, a "choice
score" contest, and is quite popular
among the members of the Los "Ange
les County Club. As It is expected that
many members will enter for the
event, the contestants will be divided
into two classes, "class A Including
those who have handicaps of ten or
lbss strokes, and class. B including all
v/hose handicaps exceed ten strokes.
Prizes: will, be given for the best gross
and net scores.
The Town Council of Douglas, Isle of
Man. which owns Its own street cars,
carries school children between 8 and
8 a. m.. noon end 2 p. m. and 4 and 5
p. m.. for half a cent each.
Caroline H. Newman, formerly a
singing teacher in Laguna Honda pub
lic school, is now a patient in the De
tention Hospital for the Insane at the
City Hall. The woman's relatives,
who reside at 1570 Fulton street, had
her placed under the cdre of the hos
pital physicians subject to examina
tion by the Commissioners on Insan
ity. A hobby to go automobile riding
has so turned her mind that it was
deemed advisable to have her taken
in charge by the authorities.
Her Hobby Automobiling.
The golf season in Southern Califor
nia will be opened at the Los Angeles
Country Club with a tournament on
Thanksgiving day. The competition
will be over thlrty-Bix holes, medal
play. Each hole will thus be played
twice, and the better score will be
reckoned in making- up. each comoeti-
Japanese Merchant Decides to Share
Misfortune of His Spouse and ,
; Comfort Her.
; Necessary quarantine regulations of
| ten cause hardships. T. Nishikawa, a
Japanese merchant, has resolved to
share In his wife's misfortune. The
husband went back to Japan a short
I time ago, and returned on No
yember 9 by the steamship Man-
I churia. bringing his wife to this
{country to make her home
here with him. On the voyage she
I contracted trachoma, a contagious dis-
I ease of the eyes. Deputy United States
Immigrant Corrfmlssloner David J
Griffiths and H. A. S. Persch, inter
preter, reported* accordingly and the
j woman was denied a landing. The hus
; band was loyal and will accompany
her back to Japan and remain with her
until the disease shall have been cured.
Promotion Committee Officers Do
Much Good for California in
Course of Extended Trip.
Andrea Sbarboro and Rufus P. Jen
nings, chairman and executive officer
respectively of the California Promo
tion Committee, returned to the city
yesterday from an extended tour of the
East. They have done much to adver
tise the State and have accomplished a
great deal otherwise in behalf of this
section of the country.
At St. Louis the Californians induced
the members of the National Butter
makers' Association to hold their next
convention in San Francisco. In Chica
go Messrs. Sbarboro and Jennings
visited some of the officials of the Co
lumbian Exposition and got much ad
vice in regard to the World's Fair to
be held in this city in 1913 in com
memoration of Balboa's discovery of
the Pacific Ocean. In Washington,
President Roosevelt was visited and
congratulated upon his great victory.
SBARBORO AND JENNINGS '¦'. f
RETURN FROM THE EAST j
HUSBAND REFUSES TO
BE PARTED FROM WIFE
Pierre. C. Marque, proprietor of the
Enterprise Laundry,' who lived at 347
Edinburgh street, hanged himself yes
terday morning from a .rafter, in his
barn while demented. Several months
ago surgeons performed an operation
upon his head for the removal of a
tumor, since which time he had had
insane spells. About 10 o'clock yes
terday . morning his wife heard the
animals making a commotion in the
barn and sent an employe named 'Jean
Escolescolosses to see what was the"
matter. , He found the > dead body of
his employer hanging,-by the neck at
the end of a rope, the other end of
which was " attached to a rafter.
Marque was ."4 2 years old and a na
tive of France. 3
Pierre C. Marque, After Being Operat
ed Upon for Tumor, Becomes In
sane and Commits Suicide.
LAUNDRYMAN, DEMENTED, •
HANGS HIMSELF IX BARX
The course of the San Francisco
Golf Club on the Presidio Reservation
is still used by many of the members,
and handicap tournaments are held on
public holidays. On Thanksgiving day
there will be a handicap competition,
the precise nature of which has not
been settled yet, but it will be against
"bogey."
On election day a goodly number of
members turned out for a handicap on
the Presidio course, the weather being
highly favorable. The contest was
over eighteen holes against "bogey."
Two prizes were offered, and were won
by H. C. Golcher and Hugh Blackman.
Twenty-seven players entered, and of
these, twenty returned their scores.
The details are shown # in the table:
PLAYER. Gross. Hndcap. Net.
H. C. Solcher 5 down 4 1 down
Hugh Blachman 8 down 8 2 down
L. B. Edwards 11 down .14 3 down
A. Carrisan 9 down 12' 4 down
George Starr 0 5 down
F. H. Beaver 8 down 8 5 down
.1. S. Oyster 4 6 down
S. L. Abbot Jr 9 down 4 7 down
L. F. Montoagle 12 do vn 12 7 down
T. G. McConkey : 4 8 down
B. Kaymonvllle. 14 9 down
J.R.Clark 1 9 down
F. \V. Campbell 18 9 down
W. O. Wiyraan 1(5 9 down
W. J. Dutton : 14 10 down
S. H. Boardman 10 10 down
C. W. Bennett 10 11 down
T. W. M. Draper 18 12 down
J. Trllley 12 12 down
H. C. Breeden 10 down 8
Rolla V. Watt, handicap 12 strokes,
p?ayed only one round. R. J. Woods,
handicap 12; Leonard Chenery, handi
cap 10; S. C. Buckbee, handicap 16; R.
I. Bentley,' handicap 8; C. H. Bentley,
handicap 8. and Charles Christensen!
handicap 18, made no returns. No lift
ing was allowed, balls being played as
they lay. . >
Handicap "Bogey" Competition for
- Members Will Be Held on
Thanksgiving: Day.
GOLFERS CONTINUE PLAY
OVER PRESIDIO COURSE
Hornet-Occidental Match Off.
Ragles Engage Rovers.
The Albion Rovers will play against
the Eagles. As the teams cannot use
the cricket grounds at Alameda, the
match will take place at Freeman's
Park. The ball will be kicked off at
1:30 p. m., and Hugh Williamson will be
the referee. The representatives of the
two clubs will be as follows:
Kacles. Positions. Albion Rovers.
Richter Gualke<-t<r Lowy
Bennett Right back Martin
F. f-'hclte Left back John (cap.)
Dirks <cap.) Right halfback Sully
Lane-aster Center halfback Bayne
Colo ¦ Left halfback Jones
J.Iobland Outside right Bradley
L*-e Inside Tight Smith
Churchill Center forward Shand
Kts-r Inside left McArthur
V. Sholte Outside left Whyte
The Occidentals stand at the head of
the table of matches for the champion
ship of the California Association Foot
ball League, as shown by the appended
table:
CHAMPIONSHIP OF CALIFORNIA ASSO
CIATION FOOTBALL LEAGUE. NOVEM
BER 13. 1904.
Matches. I Goals. I
1 — 1
•a sJ r o tt >
clubs. fipjr i ?| I
* ', '¦ ? ; « »
Occidentals 3 .'! 0 0 12 2 6
Vampires 2 2 0 0 6 1 4
independents 3 2 1 0 7 6 4
Albion Rovers 311 210 71512
Pl-kwick* 3|1 2 O 1 7' 2
Oakland Hornets 20 2 O 1 90
Eagles 2 | 0 2 O 1 40
a practice game on the Alameda
ground, beginning at 11 o'clock in the
morning. Among the players available
to make up the Vampire's second elev
en are C. Lecoutieur, Gur.n, Will; Ca
mous, Mountz, G. Campsie, C. Campsie,
J. Campsie, Robertson, Max Weber and
Minto.
The most interesting and the most
Important of the three matches to be
played to-morrow for the 1904-1&05
championship of the California Asso
ciation Football League will be be
tween the Independent and the Vam
(fire elevens.
Tbe former won the Perpetual Chal
lenge Cup of the California Association
Football Union last year, defeating the
Thistles, which won the championship
of the league. The latter were the
runners-up for last season's league
championship. The Independents have
played three matches during the pres
ent season and have won two of them.
The Vampires have played two matches
and have won them both. The teams
will line up as foilovcs:
Infl^iicndtnt* Position*. Vanjpires.
Antrobus. ...."... .Goalkeeper Rolfe
Armstrong: Risht back Harwood
Mechels Left bark IVterwn
Duncanaon Right halfback Glarner
VaJlrihln Center halfback Turner
McGrau Left halfback Jaques
J. Jones Outside right. . .E Lecoutieur
T. Fay (e»o.) Ir.Fide right ...Kamsden
"P. Fay Center forward Lees
E. Fay Infido left Robertson,
Hlgffin* Outside left Wilding
The Vampire-Independent match will
begin at 2:30 p. m. to-morrow at Free
man's Park. Golden Gate, C. W. Irish
being the referee.
The Occidentals are set down to play
the Oakland Hornets on the ground at
Ninth and Bryant streets. San Fran
cisco, beginning at 2:30 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon, but the match has been
postponed. A match had been arranged
to take place to-morrow morning on
the Alameda ground between the sec
ond elevens of the Vampires and the
Occidentals, but this has been called
off. The Vampires, however, will play
Henry Waddlngton, whose greyhound
Tom King won the rich John Grace
cup, was the most successful of the
invaders. In addition to. this event
Tom King placed other stakes to his
credit. Mr. Waddington is an orange
grower and will not be able to come
north again until February, when he
will try to capture the California plate.
Ed Janicke, another man from South
ern California, won the Junior Cham
pion stake with Eagle Bird. He also
had a clever performer in Mt. Eagle.
The last coursing meeting of the sea
son in the Middle West will be held
to-day at Blackwell, Oklahoma.
T. J. Cronin has been elected a mem
ber of the California Coursing Commit
tee, as a representative of the Inter
state Coursing Club. Mr. Cronin stands
for all that is high class and honest in
coursing. His great youngr dog Blaze,
which won the Futurity, is being rested
in the country. He had some severe
running and his owner was afraid to
take a chance in starting him again
until he has regained all his strength
and vitality.
The John Grace Cup stake furnished
the best coursing seen here in years.
The best eight dogn in the stake work
ed their way down through the early
running and clearly demonstrated their
class. The Judging by P. J. ReHiy and
the slipping by James Grace were flaw
less, pleasing winners and losers alike.
For the first time in years the betting
on the final was at even money. The
course proved the accuracy of the bet
tors' Judgment, as Tom King and Mc-
Vey reached the hare on even terms.
McVey secured the first turn by favor
of the hare.
With the last of this year's events
out of the way the promotors are pre
paring already for the season to come
The Inaugural stake will be run at
Union Park on New Year's day The
California Plate will be run as usual
on Washington's birthday.
The coursing in this district this
week will be confined to Ingleside Park.
Two stakes will be run to-day and to
morrow, a reserve and a class event.
The likely winners look to be:
Reserve stake— Belfast. Limerick Boy, Lulu
Girl. Fortuna Ansel. Reckless Rose. Sherman.
Hermit. Helen Hayes. Gold Lily, Joe Hill
Cascade, Frisky Boy. Modest Beauty, sir W n
ten. Mabel S. False Alarm. Ready Address.
Muygsy. Cubanola. Piker. Lily York. M -unc
Rose. Maid of the Glen. John C. HeenajT
Class stake— Tom Hooker. Aglla Spurt.
Fretter. Reckless Acrobat. Conroy, Dear Gas-
V^' fS? a f°°- The Re;or ««- Hudson. Honest
John. Old Ironsides, Belle Free. Cranberry
Sauce, Freeport. Northern Alarm. J E II
Rich Array. Pasha Pleasant. La Rosa. Craw
ford Belle. Sofala. Quicksand. lone Hill.
The most prominent of the Southern
California leashmen who have had
strings of greyhounds here during the
past season have returned home well
satisfied with their icoursmg pilgrim
age.
Many good swimmers are being de
veloped by the South End Club, and it
is probable a mile race will take place
between Judge A. J. Fritz and T. I.
Fitzpatflck and a contest for the
heavyweight championship between I.
Tuchler and John Ross.
James P. Foley of the South End
Rowing Club has received a letter from
E.'.O. Gloss of the Portland Rowing
Club,' the well-known single shell man.
Gloss is desirous of arranging a race
,for . the sculling championship of the
Pacific Coast with A. W. Pape, the
holder of the title, at any time between
April and June of next year. Gloss,
though handicapped by a poor boat,
gave Pape a hard race some seasons
ago, and. In a new shell ¦ feels he can
do better than on that occasion.
Last Sunday there l was a race be
tween E. , Wolfe and A. Korn of the
South "End Rowing Club in*<outrigged
skiffs from the Mail dock to the club
house. The contest was close, Korn
leading by less than a clear length
when the. finishing-line was reached.
The members of the South End Row
ing Club are showing great activity in
aquatic matters. There is keen rivalry
between F. R. Berman's and Frank
Baker's crews, each wishing the honor
of representing the club in the junior
barge class at next season's regattas.
Two races have already been held be
tween the crews. On Sunday, the 6th
inst., Bergman's crew won. Last'Sun
day Baker's crew took first place. A
third trial will take place to-morrow.
The directors of the club intend to hold
contests' every fine Sunday. Light-re
freshments will be served at the club
house.
On Monday night at the quarters of
the Dolphin Boating Club, at the foot
of Hyde street," a meeting was held at
which representatives of the Dolphin,
Alameda and Ariel clubs were present
to discuss the formation of a new asso
ciation for oarsmen of this city and
neighborhood. A member of the South
End Rowing Club also attended the
meeting.
Temporary organization has been ef
fected, C. M. Farrell of the Dolphins
being elected chairman and A. Klhn
of the Alameda Club being secretary
pro tern. It was decided that the sec
retary should address letters to the
Olympic Boat Club ana the Stockton
Rowing Club, asking for- their co-oper
ation and membership, and to the Na
tional Association of Amateur Oars
men, asking for information in regard
to joining that body. The new organi
zation is to be named the Pacific Asso
ciation of Amateur Oarsmen and is in
tended ultimately to include all the
rowing clubs on the Pacific Coast. Two
committees have been appointed, one
to prepare a draft of a constitution and
by-laws and the other to reclassify the
oarsmen.
Last Sunday Commodore T. Jennings
of the Cr-rinthian Yacht Club, Port
Captain John T. Keefe and many boat
owners, w' h their craft stripped, were
on hand ready to pass into - winter
quarters in the lagoon behind Tiburon,
but the drawbridge was not raised.
It was claimed the proper tackle fc-r
raising the draw was not available,
but no difik llty has been experienced
in previous years on this score. J. R.
Savory and his crew worked the sloop
Juanita over from her Sauealito moor
ings to Belvedere Cove by the sure
but laborious process or Jayhawklng.
They found their labor had been in
vain. Arrangements will be made to
raise the bridge on some coming Sun
day.
F. Adams and Miss B. Cully, Will Allen
and Miss Hazel Hotchkiss, Neil Baker and
Miss M. Worcester. George Baker and Miss
Vera Crocker. A. Brabant and Miss I. Smith,
C. Dunlap and Miss Ethel Ratcliffe. George
Kuller and Miss W«d, Charles Foley and Miss
A Vodden, F. Guerin and Miss A. Beyfuas.
C." Griffin and Miss B. Valleau: G. Guerin and
Miss G. Myers. C. S. Gayness and Miss A.
Hess, G. Hall and Misa I. Mearns. Major Van
Vllet and Miss S. Van VHet, R. N. Whitney
and Miss Lulu Wegener, D. M. Lemon and
Miss V. Beyfuss. Sea and Miss A.- Sea, It
Parr and Miss M. Traverner. G. lyytton and
Miss Greenber~.
All of the best players in the club
will be in the handicap event and there
should be some interesting matches. It
will probably be Champion MacGavin's
last appearance on the tennis courts.
He is going on a trip around the world
and his stay may be ten years In
length. He expects to locate in South
Africa, where ,he will have little time
for tennis.
The mixed doubles tournament will
be the largest ever held on the coast.
While there will not be as much class
to the event as there is at San Rafael
there will be many more teams than
ever participated in a similar event In
this city. Already nineteen teams have
entered and there will probably be
more by Wednesday night when the
entries close. The best teams are: Will
Allen and Miss Hazel Hotchkiss, C.
GrifflrTand Miss Bessie Valleau and C
Dunlap and Miss Ratcliffe.
To-morrow the handicap doubles
tournament which has occupied the at
tention of the park players for the last
two Sundays will be completed. In the
finals the Baker brothers playing from
"15 back of scratch" will be opposed to
Horace Mann and Robert Drolla, who
will receive odds of . "three-sixths."
These two youngsters have played clev
er tennis throughout the tournament
and the steady Bakers will have their
hands full winning.
The finals of the first class of the
Junior Club will be played to-day. Miles
HcLoughlin will meet Harold Getz. The
former won the first tournament, and
if he is successful in. his match with
Getz the racket and case, offered as first
prize will go to him permanently.
The directors of the California Club
decided Tuesday, night to offer two
three-time cups to replace the two won
by Long and Jan.es. They will not be
competed for until next month.
The teams entered in the mixed dou
bles tournament up to date are:
There will be but little tournament
play on the tennis courts this week,
but two affairs are scheduled for
Thanksgiving day. The California Club
will hold a handicap singles for men
while a mixed doubles will be played on
the park courts.
The club will offer a silver loving
cup to be competed for next year.. If
more than one singles tournament is
held the winners of the different
events will play off to see who is en
titled to the trophy.
. Y. C. Lawson offered to donate a
prize each year for an event to which
only men 70 years or over are eligible
to compete. -There are six or eight
members of the club over the three
score and .ten mark and they are all
clever bowlers. An event of this kind
will be a novel as well as an interest
ing one.
Nine new members have been ad
mitted to the club. The roster now
contains over 100 names. The green
committee reported the green to be in
excellent condition and were liberal
in their praise of John McLaren, who
is responsible for the green's condi
tion.
At the quarterly meeting of the San
Francisco Scottish Bowling Club new
officers were installed for 1905. Y. C.
Lawson, who has been the club's pres
ident since its inception two years
ago, declined the nomination for
president. His club mates were anx
ious to have him again at the helm,
but Mr. Lawson's home will be in New
York after the first of the year and
he was forced to retire. Mr. Lawson
has served the club faithfully and has
done more for Scottish bowling than
any man on the coast. The vote of
thanks tendered the retiring presi
dent was well earned by him in the
last two years.
The new leader of the club is H. L.
Tickner. John Reid is vice president
and 11. D. Colquhoun secretary-treas
urer.
Greyhounds of Los Angeles
Carry Off the Richest
Stake Events.
Portlander Eager to Meet
Pape Next Spring.
GLOSS WANTS RACE
Two Special Tournaments Are
Scheduled for Decision
Thanksgiving Day.
Members of the Scottish
Club Laud Efforts of
Y. C. Lawson.
Corinthian Yachts Still
Waiting to Enter
the Lagoon.
BRIDGE IS NOT RAISED
TENNIS DEVOTEES
SHOW ACTIVITY
VAMPIRE ELEVEN
TO PLAY "INDIES"
OARSMEN FORM
ASSOCIATION
BOWLERS PRAISE
RETIRING OFFICER
SOUTHERN OWNEHS
HAVE SUCCESSFUL
SEASON OF SPORT
THE SAN FRANOfSCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER : 19, 1904.
RAIDERS AND POLOISTS WILL TAKE PART IN SERIES OF EXITING COMPETITIONS
WHICH WILL GO TO MAKE UP AN AMBITIOUS PROGRAMME
There will be polo on Wednesday. Friday, Sunday and
Monday, while the sprightly racing ponies will hold the
center of the stage on Thursday and Saturday. The best
known of the poloists will be Thomas A. Driscoll, Law
rence McCreery, W. S. Hobaft, R. M. Tobin, Cyril Tobin,
Joseph O. Tobin, W. E. Pedley, F. D. Hudson and John
Lawaon. It is expected three teams will enter the
handicap tournament and that there will also be a match
North vs. South. As the Burlingame field is at Its best
just now; all the matches will be played there.
Burlingame will be given over to the poloists and to
the^owners of racing ponies next week, when the annual
meeting of the California Polo and Pony Racing Associa
tion will be held down there. The polo will be played
on the country club field, while the thoroughbreds In
miniature will sport silk on the private racecourse of
Charles W. Clark. f
COUNTRY CLUB MEMBERS TO PARTICIPATE IN THE MIDWINTER ATHLETIC PASTIMES
10EXCITING SCENE OF THE SPIRITED CONTEST OK CRACK RIDERS AT THE PRKSIP1O YKSTFRDAY AFTERNOON. VIEW
OP ARTILLERYMEN LINING UP FOR INSPECTION AND ONE OF THE ARMY OFFICERS WHO ACTED AS AX OFFICIAL
IN THE FIELD DAY TRIALS.
A mar- who takes offense always
makts a pojr stlection.
ASKS PAY FOU PON'S JDPATH. — Alexander
Durbin yesterday suecl the Onel<1a Mining Com
pany,whl.-h operates In Amadcr County, for
J2(?,tf.O tciT the death «>f hlsi ron, Edwin A. Dur
hin. On November 21. liXC. youni; Lhirbin was
loading a tk'p'in the shaft when a rock fell,
killins him alir.cst instantly.
Fairbanks Will Attend Football Game.
I'lTTSBURG, Nov. IS.— Senator
Fairbanks and wife passed through
Pittsburg to-night en route to New
Haven, Conn., where they will see the
Yale-Harvard football ga'ma to-mor
rov.".
LECTURES ON DANTE'S "INFERNO." —
Mlsa Lueiln Eaves lecture! before an attentive
audience last titffht at 4|p South Park Settle
ment on Dante's "Inferiw." Miss Eaves spoke
on thft latter part of the poet's masterpiece and
her talk was Illustrated by Dors's beautiful pic
tures* flashed on a sheet. This course of Iec
turfs Is mcttinj; wiih public favor.
William Hellier, 70 years of age and a
member of the firm of Brandenstein &
Hellier, proprietors of the Occidental
horse market, was found dead in his
lodgings in the St. Clement's House at
271 Fourth street late yesterday after
noon. A Japanese bedmaker called the
,*ld man, but gettiilg no response sum
moned the landlady and the door was
broken open.' Death had ensued sev
eral hours before and is supposed to
have been from natural pauses.
Aged Horseman Dead.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 18.— As a result of
the preliminary hearing in the case of
Paul Bodenhamer, accused of embez
zling $10,000 from the suspended Coa
chella Valley Bank, the" defendant was
released. It was not shown that Bod
enhamer was responsible for the loot
ins of ; the bank. Officers have, been
trying for; several weeks to locate F.
S. Miller, president and cashier of the ,
bank, but without result. He Is sup-'
posed to be in Mexico.
Botlcnhamcr Is Released.
Jimmy Gardner Defeats Rube Smith.
DENVER, Nov. 17. — Jimmy Gard
ner of Lowell, Mass.,- to-night knocked
out Rube Smith of Denv-.r in the rlfth
round of a scheduled ten-round bout.
With" the exception of the second
round, when Smith floored
with a right to the wind, the Lowell
boy had the better of tho milling.
The men fought at 135 pounds.
A young man, aged 18 years, named
Elgin Trumbo, a late arrival from Colo
rado, who came here to obtain work,
while occupying a. room in the Golden
West Hotel last night shot a bellboy
named Raymond Carroll through the
wrist.
Trumbo was in his room with a light
burning when Carroll knocked on the
door and receiving no response called
another boy named A. Mason, who
helped hoist Carroll up to the tran
som for the purpose of ascertaining if
there was anybody inside the room.
Trumbo shot at him mistaking him for
a burglar and was afterward arrest
ed by Police Officer Handley and
charged --with an attempt to commit
murder. ,
Mistook Bellboy for Burglar.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday
for the arrest of six men accused of
violating the ordinance against selling
pools outside the race track inclosure.
policeman John Rudden swore to war-'
rants for the arrest of "John Doe," a
barber at 1551 Market street; Philip
Creba and "John Doe" Meyers. Police
man A.' D. Layne. against "John Doe,"
a butcher at 492 Hayes street. Police
man J. O'Dowd against "John Doe"
Taylor, Mission and Twenty-ninth
streets. Policeman F. E. Winters,
against "John Doe," a cigar dealer at
Turk and Fillmore streets.
Warrants for Poolsellers.
at H-'ixry Mcdoud and won out because
the latter infused to so in and mix it,
his only riosslbje clyinco. Youiitf Cho
ynskl w;<s giving Ben Crorsley quite a
focatin;; when lien threw his t-houlder
out vf its groove and the bout had to be
stopped.
Harry lioilly stowed Joe Gorm«±n
;.way in the third roum! Of a bout that
was either man's for ihe right wallop.
Gorman made a great light and was
vinnins when lioilly .shot out a right
ar.d followed it up with a series of
blows that ended it all. Kid Chrlsile
outfouarht Walter Harris, a dark one.
Billy Carroll was fjiven toe verdict over
Joe Wililams an<l Harry Beaker beat
i;ddie Knhoe <n ihe curtain-raiser. The
J>«>utf= v \'Tf- gfv&j under Ajex Gregpaina'
direction and drew the best house of
nny minor shew- during the present
year.
The remainder of the card v.as punc
tuatc-d with thrills ar.d heart palpita-
Uonft Harry Tenny kept jabbing: away
George Peterson showed again last
night thut b» Is 'Rough House" Mc-
Donald'? master at the game of fisti
cuffs. Just a month ago the welters
faced each other and Peterson gained a
victory bjr his steady founding' from
ih» dingr of the song. It was the sime
old story told oace more latt nigUt at
Woodward's Pavilion. Peterson used
rights and lof ts and never ceased hand
ing them to his inati. McDonald was
:!ie came <Ad rough house- kid.. coming
v-a.ck every lirue and waiting for a
ihance to l~n>1 ihe haymaker. Peterson
carpeted McDonald in the fourth for
the count, sending over a, right cross to
the jaw and all but winning on a clean
knockout.
usul Rctfljr Stows Gorman Away
in Three Rounds.
Harry Tt-nny Boats Harry McC'loud
rETEUSOS . TAK12S AXOTH ER
FALL Oil OF M(l)OXALI)
Manager Coffroth' will have a talk
with Xelson" to learn his views regard
ing a match if he defeats Corbett. Un
less he can do . this decisively he
would not be considered a good draw
ing card.
Young Corbett believes that as Britt
has a. decision over him when ther
weighed 130 pounds at . 6 o'clock
the return match should be at the
same weight. Corbett admitted that
hM t thought he could beat Britt at any
weight, while Britt said he knew he
could beat Corbett at 130 pounds. He
wanted the extra weight in order to
make tho work of defeating him
eupier. -?. ; -.-¦;-
Jimmy Brltt and Young Corbett met
! by appointment at the Seal Rock House
at the beach yesterday to discuss a
match for December in case Corbett
defeats Nelson this month. A peppery
discussion followed and for a time it
seemed James "W. Coffroth, who was
present, would, be the only Bpectator
at a $30,000 fight.
Britt told Corbett he did not like him
.and the Denverite assured him there
was no man in America he would rath
er administer a thorough thrashing to
1 than the Californian. Aftes a heated
discussion Britt. as champion, dictated
that the weight be IS2 pounds at 6
o'clock or 133 pounds at the ringside.
Britt did not seem to see that this is a
ridiculous weight at which to defend
the featber-welght title, especially as
he was a veritable Shylock in his deal
ings with the unsavory Gans when the
lightweight championship was in
volved.
Britt insisted on the lowest weight
accepted as standard in this class by
boxing authorities. In his own case
he fixes a weight in which none of the
authorities will uphold him. There
must be some line of demarkation. If
be made Gans do 133 pounds for the
lightweight championship he can
hardly expect Corbett to do 133 pounds
and call it the featherweight .cham
pionship limit.
Five Scottish Hall directors were to
be elected. The following were elected:
A. M. MacPherson, D. D. McRae and
J. M. Duncan. , For the other two three
had a tie vote, R. Gratto, James Gorie
and J. E. McFarlane, , and another
election for them will be necessary.
The other officers elected were: First
chieftain, D. J. McFarland; second
chieftain. P. F. Finlay; third chieftain,
James H. Duncan; fourth chieftain, J.
W. Cameron: physician, Dr. J. A. J.
McDonald; club directors, R. McD.
Murray, Neil Lindsay, Walter Reed, D.
McDougald and R. B. McClellan.
The annual election of officers of the
Caledonian Club was held in Scottish
Hall last night.- The attendance was
larger than at any previous election for
many years, as there was a keen con
test between D. D. McRae and J. A.
McLeod'for the office of chief. The bal
loting resulted in the election of McRae
by a vote of 82 to 43, and on motion
of the defeated candidate the election
was made unanimous.
D. D. Meltac Defeats J. A. McLeod
for Ofliec of Chief After a Keun
Contest.
The handicap at one and a sixteenth
miles and the two-year-old race .will
be the features of this afternoon's card
at Oakland track. Pclham and Silver
skin will meet in the latter event. The
day's entries:
First race, futurity course, three-year-clds
and up. selling.
Tli:: -lMueate (Hopper) '*]
<7311)V'p.uKhan (Hcrtzel!) »' *
741'.» *Uox Elder <Mcran) 1 ( Uj
7-Jl!0 Mor.ia (12z*H) 11;{
74W >Rmue Wins (Fountain) Wo
7il^ l>cr;i 1 fWellman) ll: »
733 1 Dr. I—>ng f Ta r.n«>n 1 ! '•
7407 J.urr-r.e iMocrmeail Karm) Il>*
<;7»'i Fcionius (Stewart) * !(;
742s 'Silurian (Lainasney Bros.) 10b
7t:'.i *KaialA:l cBo<mger& Harmon) 1U
7412 fVVatcrapout (Smith) WXI
Second race, ' six fjirlcngs, two-year-olds,
purse.
72J1 Hoolipan (Fountain) Ill
<74J J >Pelbam (Henshall) 100
7-S11 IndicJtf (Summers) 1C:J
l7401)Ellvendda (Brinkwoitn) 113
7401 l-'leetwootl < Knebelka Tip) IW
7401 bta Air (Mclaughlin) ....110
Third race. Futurity course, three-year-old
and up, selling.
7410 May Bali (Dily) 10S
741U 'Foxy Grandpa (Coffcy) l'HJ
7-Jlsi *MollJ (tlianr.or.) V 10*
7.V! •Dusty Millar <£jlieriJan>.T. 1(M>
<74:.'l»IJara Hums (O'Hourke) 1*1 J»
7tl2. 4 Aunt 1'olly (Judge) 1U
74UI 'Hindoo Princess (Poik; 1H
7330 tlctrsza (f'hlopcck), UD
7399 I.Ialtun Uving) 111!
3914 *Joe Krey (Schorr) n*
7402 *The Lieutenant (Stover) UK}
Fourth reco. cue and a sixteenth miles,
thrce-ycar-old* and rp. handicap:
74«'4 Foesi! (Parker & Thnaltes) .100
"i'SS Last Knight (Lamasney Bros.) 1HI
74'^ Stroller (Brinkworth) 100
7422 Grafter (Blaaingame) lu:;
731." (Jatoway (Clark) 02
(7^'^>nonibardler (Skinner) 10H
4I« Uarklvite (Fine) 10U
Fifth. race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, gelling: .
75l"J •Reeves (Lomasney Bros.) tOU
r,70'J VT..B:esfM (Hcmingray) 1 110
(?413>RevOlt <RuW . 107
7412 'Doublet' jfiMintatn) M
7 !"4 "Iloinalnafflpharelg) 1<V>
(7:;4fc)*Orro • JSUTLa (Ellerd) 102
(742fl)*The lllsnty (Ferguson) 110
7429 W. R. Condon (Ezell) 110
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
BPlMnr:
7418 Fille d'Or (Kenyon) 1<U
7430 'Ink (Lamasney Bros.) ".109
7403 *Oscar Tolle (Klunder & Burns) 10»>
<74.;0) Elliott (Daly) % ....120
(JlflO Formero rCauKhey) 102
741S 13yroner<lale (Crane) 107
<7<IH'»*O W. Trahern (Summer*) ..107
74.10 'Flying: Torpedo (Ezcll) .100
7404 «S.in Nicholas (Kow*tll) 110
740t> 'Heather Honey (Leach) OS
•Apprentice allowance.
CALEDONIAN' CLUB HAS
ITS ANNUAL ELECTION
BRITT DISCUSSES
NEXT MATCH.
TWO'YEJfR'OLDS
WILL MEET.
Reports have come to Berkeley that
Stanford may lose her great coach.
Lar.agan, next season, it being said
hia football work haa interfered seri
ously with the duties he has to per
form as instructor at Belmont School,
so that he may be asked ttx give up the
coaching detail. Should this report be
correct the University of California
men believe there will be little discus
sion before it is decided to not renew
the agreement, which has been in force
three years, ' obliging, the universities
to use only graduate coaches. i >?¦>'.
"Hopper came and coached the team
this year at great personal sacrifice.
It is practlcaliy impossible for many
men to make such sacrifice as he dia,
or as must be made if a man coaches'
the team properly. We are accordingly
handicapped in the wc-rlc of turning
out a winning team.
"Stanford, naturally, is satisfied witb
Lanagan; its coach, who comes under
the category of a graduate coach,' al
though he did not, I believe, graduate
from Stanford. The University of Cal
ifornia, however, haa .the task oC se
curing a new coach an its hands and
cannot expect to see Hopper again sac
rifice his work and time to coach the
team. Whether professional coaches
will be employed is another matter,
which will not be decided until after
careful consideration has been given
the subject. Mr. Decoto, Everett Brown
and myself constitute the representa
tives of California on the committee of
six, which is to discuss the agreement
in January. Sir. Decoto is la Washing
ton, and until his return nothing will
be done about the matter.".
Assistant Manager Leo Bishop of the
varsity team said to-<iay: "We are
limited by this agreement to an expen
diture of not more than $300 for coach
ing expenses, and It is not possible to
get a man who is worth while to give
up his business or professional duties
to coach the team fc-r such a meager
compensation, which, of course, is in
tended merely to pay his expenses. *
BERKELEY, Nov. 18.— As a result
of the decisive defeat of the University
of California football team by Stan
ford a week ago, it is deemed likely
by those who give most attention to the
college sport here that the plan of us
ing graduate coaohes alone for the
team will be abandoned next year, and
that the Eastern field will be searched
carefully for a professional coach who
may assist the blue and gold to victwy
in the intercollegiate game.
The agreement which the University
of California has with Stanford, by
which only graduate coaches are to be
employed by the universities, expires
on December «1, 1904. On the fourth
Friday in January after that date a
committee of six men, three from, each
university, will meet at the Palace llo
tel in San Francisco to discuss the ad->
visabiiity of renewing the agreement
or abrogating it. The constitution of
the associated students of the Univer
sity of California provides that the
agreement shall be in force until De
cember 31, and thereafter until a new,
agreement is adopted. ."*
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. IS.
Stanford's new athletic field, on which
the intercollegiate athletic events are
to be played alternately, is to be start
ed at once. "W^rk will have to be
rushed, for the atnletic field, bleachers
and surrounding grounds -must be com
pleted in time for thp bJg football
game, which is to be played at Stan
ford next year. A survey has been
completed and' the plans submitted to
the board-of trustees of the university.
Active work will begin as soon as suit
able Dlans are accepted.
Stanford's athletic field will be much
more extensive than the football
grounds recently built at Berkeley. In
one corner will be the gridiron, with
bleachers, costing about $21,000. On
another side- a. drained baseball dia
mond is to be put in,, and in another
corner a four-lap track fol- spring ath
letics. The handball and basketball
courts are to be in the new gym
nasium. Tennis courts and a covered
track, to be used In wet weather, will
be added. When finished Stanford's
athletic field will cover about forty
acres of ground. Part of the expense
is to be borne by the students, who
have already raised a fund of $9000.
Sixteen Stanford football players,
Coach - C. • D. Hauverman, Trainer
"Dad" Moulton and Treasurer "Dick"
Barrett will leave for Denver on Sun
day morning, where the cardinal
eleven is to play the University of
Colorado on Thanksgiving afternoon.
The Stanford varsity will not be the
strong team that defeated California
last week. Sprott, left tackle; Roose
velt, right guard, and Chalmers, right
halfback, will be left behind. Sprott
and Roosevelt remain because of pres
sure of work. The lineup of the team
¦will be: Captain Clark, left end; Hor
ton, left tackle; Thompson, left guard;
Hyde, center; Van Sickle, right guard;
Shields, right tackle; West, right end;
Bansbach* quarter; Trowbridge, right
half; Dole, left half: Weller, fullback.
Substitutes': Stott, Hazelwood. Crowe,
Butterfleld. and S. B. Thompson.
Noticeable interest has been evinced
by oil men over the anonuncement
yesterday of the incorporation of a
company for the purpose of introduc
ing rifled pipes, by which means it is
expected to facilitate the flow of tru?
sluggish crude petroleum in' its trans
mission to shipping points. The
statement that John D. Isaacs of the
engineering department of the South
ern Pacific Company was the inventor
of the new arrangement made him the
recipient of many congratulations.
Isaacs, however, refused to claim thi
entire credit for the invention, ex
plaining that Etickner Speed of
Berkeley, who is also an engineer in
the employ -of the Southern Pacific
Company, should justly share in any
credit due the invention, inasmuch as
Speed had worked jointly with him in
perfecting the project.
Credit for the Valuable Project • Is
Shared by Engineers Isaacs
and Speed.'
NEW GROUNDS
FOR ATHLETES
AT STANFORD
MAY SECURE
EASTERN MEN
AS COACHES
Mounted relay race — Won by P • Troop.
Fourth Cavalry; second. Fifth Company. Coast
Artillery. Time, 2 minutes 17 S-5 seconds. ¦
Mile relay — Won by the Pre«;olo team. Fif
teenth Infantry team s?cond. Thirteenth Infan
try team third. Time. " minutes and 4* seconds
220-yftrd hurdles: Final heat— Won by Cor
poral-Hunt, Slxty-flfth Company. Coast Artil
lery; Private Erwln. Company M. Ter.th In
fantry, second: Musician Cullen. Company B,
Thirteenth Infantry, third. Tim*. 32 »econd9.
21'0-yard dash : Final . heat — Won by Ser
ge*»tit Rice. Twenty-nlnlh Company. Ccast
Artillery; Sergeant Harnette. Company ¦ K.
Fifteenth Infantry, second; Corpora} Welsh,
Slxty-flrst Company. Coast Artillery, talni.
Time, 25 4-5 seconds. . .
120- yard hurdles: Final heat — "Won by Cor
poral Hunt. Siity-flfth Company. Coast Artil
lery; Private GlllesDie. Ccnn>any I. Fifteenth
Infantry, second: Private Wlllett. Company
A. Thirteenth Infantry, third. Time, 17 2.5
eecotuK
The banner event of the day was the
relay race between two artillery and
two cavalry teams. Civilians looking
at It held their breath fearing that
some of those active, reckless troopers
who mounted while their horses were in
a gallop and dismounted when the ani
mals were running. like the wind would
certainly break their necks. The race
went to the cavalry men, of course. The
gunners were a trifle slow in the starts,
while the troopers were — well as quick
as United States cavalry men are
known to be.
The rough riding exhibition was ex
actly what the name indicates. The
troopers did stunts that would make a
circus acrobat look foolish. They rode
with The recklessness of a cowboy or a
Cossack of the Don. Leaping to the
backs of galloping steeds, vaulting
over the backs of two running horses,
standing up on a running horse, these
Mere a few of the feats accomplished,
not a spill nor a misstep was made.
The light artillery made good the re
mark made by a well-known general.
"There is nothing so pretty as a field
battery in action." With a/jingling of
chains and a rumbling of wheels the
gun3 rolled into the field with the
horses on a gallon. A few notes -on the
bugle and they turned unlimbering in
an instant. Breech blocks were opened
with clickings and loads inserted. There
was^a hurried scampering back of the
gunners and then the crash of the can
nons. In another second it seemed the
guns were limbered and whirled to an
other part of the field.
» The finals of the hurdle races and the
100 and 220 yard dashes were run off In
remarkably good .time. Corporal Hunt
proved himself a Mercury in bras3 but
tons and blue, taking two first places
and one second in these events. He
rolled up the score of the Fifteenth In
fantry so that it seems that organiza
tion- has the athletic pennant
cinched. The baseball game between
the Presidio boys- and the Thirteenth
Infantry team was a warm contest till
the ninth inning. Then the Presidio
stickers located Pitcher Trueston of the
Thirteenth. When the smoke of battle
cleared the score read 4 to 0 for the
Presidio. The results:
100-yard dash: Final lieat — Won fcy Serjeant
Rice. Twenty-ninth Company, Coast Artillery:
Corporal Hunt Sixty-flrth Company. Coast
Artillery, second; Private Steward. Company
K. Fifteenth Infantry, third. Time, 10 2-5
aeconda.
The dashing cavalry men and the ar
tillery men divided the attention at the
department athletic contests yesterday
at the Presidio. The horses of the post
were entered into the games and they
seemed to catch the spirit of the affair.
They were good typical army horses,
not overbeautiful, but full of ginger
and sure footed as goats — active service
horses.
PIPE LIXE INVENTION'
INTERESTS TIIE OIL. MEN
First nice — Karabel, Bronze Wing,
Dora J.
Second race — Pelhani, Silverskin,
Fleet wood.
Third race — Aunt Polly, Bard
Bums, Hindoo Princess.
Fourth race — Bombardier, Fossil,
Stroller.
Iiftli race — The Mighty, Cerro San
ta, W. R. Condon.
Sixth race — San Nicolas, Elliott, G.
W. Ti-aJicrn.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL'S JtACIXG FORM. CHART
OAKLAND — Friday, JCov. 18. Weather fine. Track heavy. ¦
7431. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; puree; maiden 3-year-old3; value .first. $325.'
*f??' x l. Horsa and Owner. jWtlStTld. '-&. fc. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. cf.
S£« i?J 1M \ rane <Ma S™ne * Co.)....!10»'| 2 .." 14 1 2 1 2>.jl 4 'j. JonesTT. 4-5 1-2
ZkcS, «? rk \°. m l <J - To " hp y> flOli 3 ... 3 1^2 n 3 5 2 % >W. Knapp ; 10 8
«</<£ i? M " Bowdl ? h <Ble*m Brs.) 101 4 • ... 2 *i 3 5 21 3 2",i,Crosswaite 8 11
«aSO ; Instrument (Baird & Co.).... 108 5 ... 5 2 53 4 5 4 10 Reed ...... $. 15
«-'"ift £? tr , S ? < E 'mwood Farm) .. 101 1 ... 6 2^6 6 ' 5 4 5 4 Anderson... .8 20
-^> 'rl ea l X' GUbe «> 101 7 ... 4 n 4 1^6 1146 h Herbert .... 6 8
• W~ jEtna C (C. Spooner) 1Q3| 6 ... 7 7 7 7 Bell. ) 15- -60
Tim r; Z t' 4% :50> 1:17 » 1:2 *- At P° st 2 minutes. Off at 2:13. Magrane, place. 1-5; 'show, out.
Darksome, place. 3; show, 4-5. Bowdish, show, 1. Winner, br. c. by Balgo wan- Amelia
ju.ay. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched — Canonicus. Start good. Won easing up.
fv,i two _ drtvi ne- Magrane was fresh frcm the pickle Jar and ran as if he could do
things Darksome will brighten up when older at the game. FJea should be given
.^^2SSJj^S£5JS2i!55J^J-^!d^^ on a fast track and is likely looking.
Index Horse and Ownen iWttSt. H. *4. %. Str. Fin. j ' Jockey. - I Op. CJ.
-Ill Si' Jonnso " (Mr?. Miller).... 1 103|~l ~". 1 i',^1 1»J1 2 1 1HI W - Knapp .. 1-2 1-3
|4U Phalanx (Moormead Farm).... 107 4 ... 2 -1«"2 * t 2H2 lUiHelgesen ... 8 7
«411 A. Muskoday (G. \V. Dodge).. 106 3 ... 3 h 3 2%3 4 3 5 "j Anderson ... ' 8 10
-;;; |Rps6bourne (E. Wright) ....103 2 ... 52^54 4346 Kum ...... 4" 10
icli 12W <T " E - Jonp{! > 103 7 ...6 2 6 3 5 1%5 2% W. Davis.. 50 60
bf>16 |R. Mitchell (Summers Co.) .. 103 5 ... 4 5 4 3 6 2 6-3 McLaughln 30 ' 40
bi3b jCedarburg fAlhambra Stable).jlO3| 6 ... 7 7 7 7 |G.»BulIman.| "10 25
Tlme^ :2.">, :r.Hi, 1:10. At poet *i minute. Off at 2:37'4- Johnson, place, 1-5; show. out.
Phalanx, place, 1; show, 2.5. Muskoday, show, 7-10.. Winner b. c, by G. W*. Johnson-
Kawena. Trained by J. Stern. Start good. Won ridden out. Next iwo driving hard.
The Squire got off flying or he might not have wen. Phalanx ran a vastly Improved
race and will do better. Cedarburg no account In his present form. Muskoday has
-u^irrln^ can wln sh ° rt 'y- ¦ ¦¦ '
7433. THIRD RACE— Mile and 50 yards; 3-year-olds and up; selling; value to first, $325.
lndeX I ' _ Hor8e and O^"gr- 'WtjSt. Vi. %. %. str. Fin. | Jockey. J Op. CI.
7420 North WV-st. 3 (Clifford Co.). J>ej 7 6 1 4 a 3 I»i2 1 1 ns |R. Butler.. 9-5 ,7-5
<2K> ;Red Crofs Nun=e. 3 fD.A.Ros!*) Wj 6 1 J 1 1^1 1 M,l 1 1±2 4 |W. Davis.. 0 3
a-£l lEst^ir,, 5 (C. K. Tanner) 101 4 4 I}*:: 14 Z* 1^ 3 2%3 4 IFitzpatrick 12 12
• 424 JGaUcho. 3 (Gnrden Ctty Stable) Ofi 5 7 3 « 2V»« 5 4 2 4 1^|F. Sullivan. 15 25
7->i.. j July Gyp, a ( F. Holman) 88 2 5 4 5 1V.S2 5 fi 5 % {Herbert ... 10 25
£400 Stunts;. 4 (J. J. McAlcsten). . . 1061 3 II h 2h'43 6 4 0 5 H. Michaels 2 4
WU2 IHermenola. a (W. Cahill) OS 8 S 7 3 7 7 7 JMcLaughln 4 10
.4-4 il'rince Blazes, a (Baird Co.). 103] 1 2 1»£8 • [F. Hlldbrndl 30 60
Time— :25%. :5Ui. l:15'j. 1:44. 1:48U- At post l»i minutes. Off at 3:08%; North West,
place. 1-2; show. 1-4. Red Cross Nurse, place, 1; show, 2-5. Egtado, show; 2. Winner,
br. f. by Montana-Nina M. Trained by J. F. Oifford. Start good. Won in a drive of
two. Third easily. Butl<T. on North West, by butting ani kicking, finally threw a natural.
Th*- filly stumbled at the start.- Nurei- played for a killing. Kstado ran a nice race.
Stums sore as usual. Hermencia not ready. •Pulled up. : ¦ -
7434. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; 3-year- olds and up; handicap; value to first, $400. \
Indcxl Horse and Owner. IWt|St. X. %. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. I Op. CT.'
742a illonitcn, 4 <P. Ryan).;, J112 3 ... 13 111-2 1 2Vi|J. Jones...: 1-2 9-20
742.J lAlbula. G (Umasney -%os.).. 107 1 ... 5 1 4 Vi 3 % 2 n 1 Helgesen .. 8 20
.404 JCapt. Forsee. 3 (St. Eoxmnd S) 1O1 4 .... 1! i 2 2 li>2 Iii3 lHjW. Knapp.. 7 8
74O4 jArcade. 4 (\V. B. Jennings). .; 107 0 . . . <> 6 6 4 2'JlW. Davis.. 8 K
7416 IKenliworth. 6 <H. Stover) 107 5 ... 3 4 H n 4n 5 % | Herbert ...i 12 20
741C 'Judge .¦! (J. J. MoAlcster) |l06i 2 ... 4 1 5 2 5 U 0 ' ]H. Michaels! 5 12
Time— :^4V,. :49U. l:157i. At post 3Vi minutes. Off at 3:32. Honiton, place, 1-4; show
out. Aibula. place. 4; show, 1. Captain For&ee, show. 1-2. Winner, br. m. by Ormonde-
I>ibbertifiibbett. Trained by P. Ryan. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving hard.:
Honrton best. Arcado away poorly or ho would have been second to a- certainty.- Al
bula stood a lcr.g dri\r. Captain Forsee bore out under punishment. Going did not suit
Judge. Kenilworth sulked.
7435. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Indexl Hcree and Owner. jWtlS^. K. y 2 . %. Str. Fin. | Jockey, j Op. CI.
74m) :Ripper, 4 <W. LintonV (106! 8 6 2 4 11 2>il R 1 7 jMcLaRhlin 15 20
7421 !Flan*ur, « (Blanch! & Co.).. 97 6 4 h 5 h 5 4 2 Ilj2 1U F. Sullivan "6-5 "8-5
7424 iMeistfrsinger. 5 (Wright) 'lO5f 7 3 n 3 n 3 Y 2 4 »^ 3 %" Kunz . 4 6-2
•7421 !Dr. fherman, 6 <S. A.Hoppas). lOfii 1 Ih2'/i2n32 44 McBride ... 8 8
7413 [Red Damsel. 5 (Mrs. Rusreli). 10S 10 9n71 60 64 r>h Holbrook .. 5 10
7415 ISugden. a (J. Sturgeon* |113| 4 5n C5 4U5n 04 JDomlnick . 6 0
74C7 'Rose* of Hilo, a (J. J. EUerd).!lO6i 3 2 l^il u T '.'. 7 2 7 5 Herbert ... 15 20
7410 JMyrtle H, 5 <Mrs. Hertzel). .I105, 2 10 1 10 1 It) 'S 8 2 8 4 J. T.Shehn 20 50
6806 jP»tro!Ia, 4 (Belknap & Co.). . jlOljll 11 9 5 11 10 2 9 4 Fltzpatrck 20 30
7400 :GI1 Bias. 4 <H. L. Shannon).. I 971 5 8 lill S 14 9 1 10 8 F. Hldrbnd 40 60
«M5 ICarllee. G (L. Rede meyer). . - {11 1 1 9 7 2'^S ii 9 h 11 11 |Burlingme j 30 40
Time — :24*-,, :5O 1 -4. 1:1"S- 1 :3O^< At post 7 minutes. Off at 4:00. Hipper, place, 7; show,
."5. Flaneur, place. 7-10; show, 1-;?. Meisterfcln^er, show, 1-2. Winner, b. g. by Joe
Ripley-Salonica. Trained by B. Flaherty. Scratched — Lurene. Start good. Won easily.
Balance driving. Mclaughlin on winner stole a sneak on the others three furlongs from
home. Flaneur pocketed part cf the way or he would have done better. Melstersinger
had on his best clothes, tut couldn't make it. Red Damsel is a bad actress at the post
and got away poorly. Sugden had a tempestuous trip, which accounts for his showing.
Potrolia can do better.
74ISW. SIXTH RACE — One mile: selling: three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
luoead Horft ar.d Ov.nfr. IWtlSt. *i . %. %. Etr. FlnTj Jockey, j Op. CU
741^. 'Brpnnuf, 4 (Judee & Co.)....|ll? 3 3 2 2 5 11 13 1 lVJBell 5 «
7413 ! Vulcain. a <L. H. Ezfll) (122 2 1 % 1 h 2 4 2 2 2 1 \' t \ Anderson. 30 40
7410 iR'ne. 4 iLaraasncy Bros.) M14 8 9 9 6 4 6 U 3 ns IWatson ... • 30 40
<741!» Conger. 4 <J. J. Ellerd) J114) 9 "» »i 4 U .! U 3 1V1-4 n iHerbert ... 8 K»
74C3 C. Hallantyne. 6 <W.Ronldson) : 117! 4 «2 5^44 4h52 ISherwood . 6 5
742'> 'BrieiF. 4 ill. E. Rowoll) J114j 5 4 n « 4 ."> >J 5 n 0 6 [W. Davis.. 4-5 11-2')
iVolto. 3 (J. F. Schorr) 1141 1 71 72 72 78 74 |Ueed 12 15
734.'. 1 Decoy, a tMcMahon & Co.).T.!ll4| 7 « U 8 ', s 3 8 4 8 6 |McLaphlin 10 15
7413 it^idy Rowell. 4 (Elmwd Frm)119! 6 2 % 3 n 9 9 9 IDomlfllck . 30 40
Time— :2.V: 4 . :S1. 1:17U. 1:46. At post 4 minutc-s. Off at 4:27. Brennus, place, 2; show,
6-5. Vulcain, place. 12; show, 6. Rene, show. 0. Winner, b. g. by Bassetlaw-Peril
Trained Ly S. Judge. Scratched— Foxy Grandxa.. Start rood. Won easily. Next five
driving hard. Winner towroned his company. Vi'lcaln can still dance a bit on a soft
track. Too far for Conger. Ballantyne supposed to .be ready and played. Briers was
ti^rv sjnri so were her backers.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Little Fraud won,
Flipht second. Girl From Dixie third. Time,
1:01 %.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards — Varro
won. My AUre second, Eclectic third. Time,
1:45.
Third race, seven furlongs — Cigar Lighter
v.on, Jake Greenberg second, Mayor T. J.
Carpon third. Time, 1:26%.
Fourth race, steeplechase, full course — Rip
won, Thornhedge second, Allegiance third.
X!ire r - 4 :&>..-¦ *.'•..^».4< z*. »•"•*», =\ -• <- t- •_..«» ,. .: •
First race, one mile — King of the Valley
won, "Danube 'second, Idl% third. Time,' l:4l«i.
"Second race, five an#-a half 'furlongs — But
ln&ky' won. Python second, Etroud third. Time,
1:08*4.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 18.— Latonia racing re
sults: . '
Latoiiia Racing; Results.
Fourth race, six furlorurs — Monacordar won,
Gcldfleur secqnd* Preen third. Time, 1 :1S 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile; and sixty yards— Bin
Crockett won, Nult Blanche second, Silverfoot
third. Time, 1:4S 1-5. :
Sixth race, one mile — Jane Holly won,
Palme second. Cherish ; third. Time, 1:42 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs— Suffrance won.
Queen Rose second, BraVery third. Time," 1 ;17.
Third race, one mile and forty yards—An
dr«w Mac won. Coppella second" Charles "AV
Wood third. Time. 1:40.
BEN.VIXGS, Nov. IS.— Results of the races:
First race, seven furlongi — Brooklynite won,
Brlarthorpe second, Panlque third. Time,
1:28 4-5.
Racing at Bennfngs.
Although Champion Jeffries, who is
now at Spokane, Wash., with his theat
rical company, denies, that he has
changed his mind and has withdrawn
the color line, his intimates, in this city
assert that he is willing to fight Jack
Johnson, who isthe only man now be
fore the public witlv any claim on • a
match" with the big fellow.'
While Jeffries was performing at the
Central Theater some weeks since ef
forts were made to match,- him with
Johnson. He finally gave this as his
ultimatum: "I will fight Jack John
son if he will agree that the winner
shall take all the fighters' share of the
purse, and he must also put up $2500
as. a. side, bet."
Jeffries thought. Johnson wanted to
make a match with him expecting that
the loser's end would, be larger than
he could hope lo secure from beating
some second raters. ..To make Johnson
show his hand he first insisted oh "a
510,000 side bet, but \yas finally con
vinced that one of $2!>00 would show
Johnson meant business. Johnson and
his advisers have had this under con
sideration and it is asserted the men
will surely meet early next year.
Johnson is the'best man Jeffries has
met since Sharkey was fn his prime.
He is as big as the champion, is a clev
er boxer and a hard hitter. His game
ness has never been questioned.
Colored Boxer Is Expected
to Prove the Champion's
Most Formidable Opponent
SIDE BET IS DEMANDED
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD.
TO - DA Y'S SELEC TIONS
Eusrene Hildebrand. who from a
"hush" rider became the premier rider
of the country in a single season, was
kept busy shaking hands with old
friends nt the track yesterday. "Hildy"
rod<? 270 * winners on the Eastern tracks
'Sunns the past seiison and next year
¦i!l be seen in the colors of Harry
Payne Whitney at « large salary. He
will have the .mount on Stroller in the
l»nndi<-an this afternoon. Hildebrand
is a California product and it took the
Eastern turn scribes and critics sev
eral weeks to discover that the young
rter could ride. His stay here will bs
limited, as he is under contract to do
Uut ridins: for Jo»? Teajrer's i table at
the Los AnjreK-s meeting:.
"Jakie" Jones appears to be regain
ing his old form. He piloted two win
ners yesterday.
Harry Stover always said he would
never permit a boy wearing syjrs to
ride Kenilworth. The old brown horse
has grown so cunning of late that Har
ry changed his mind and Herbert tried
dull steels on the sprinter yest^-rday
without working much improvement.
Some useful pieces of horseflesh will
be sold at public auction in the pad
dock to-day. "'Butch 1 ' Fisher will dis
pose of F. E. Shaw. The Cure and
Gottlieben. Phaon, Jerusha and Tou
pee, the latter three the property of
Bob McGibben, will pass under the
hammer. Whoa Bill will also be led
into the rinjr.
barney Winter, an English layer of
odd?, is here on a pleasure trip.
The weights for the Thanksgiving
handicap will be issued on Monday
I.C'Xt.
Flaneur again disappointed his ad
mirers, this time in the seven furlong
Ff Ring run. for which the brown geld
ing ruled a pronounced choice. While
Fullivan, who had the mount on the
lirst choice, was deciding which route
lie would travel, "Kerry Patch" Mc
laughlin on the 20 to 1 shot Ripper
stole a long lead over the field. Flan
cur could not lessen the intervening
daylight and the outsider galloped in
lirst by more than half a dozen lengths.
Meistersinger, about which there was
considerable action, finished in the
show.
JCo" dividends were received by the
baxHTers of Briers, the 7 to 20 choice
for the last, a mile run, decided under
yelling conditions. :>he had Davis on
her back and at no time mingled witli
the leaders. After shaking off old
Vulcain. Brennus, ridden by Bell, and
6 to 1. proved an easy winner. Forty
tc one was laid against Vulcain. which
vas second. Rene at like odds took
The show position.
TRACK NOTES.
"Sharkey" Butler, a colored lad,
landed Northwest a winner of the mile
and fifty-yard selling affair, leading
out Red Cross Nurse a head with W.
Davis in the saddle. The latter's odds
v.*re hammered down from 8 to 3,
and the winner must have been days
;md days the best. Davis made all the
running with Red Cross Nurse. Had
lie taken the rail in the run home he
would most likely have cleaned up.
At the start Northwest stumbled and
Butler decided on going the shortest
way round. Davis* mount tired some
an the wire was approached and as he
had neither whip nor steels to resort
to, the first choice earned the decision
by a scant head. Stunts quit early,
»-hile Hermc-ncia appeared sore and
unfit.
l'LANEUR FAILS BACKERS.
This was followed by the win of an
other short -priced one. Squire Johnson
seemingly outclassed the other starters
in the colt race at five and a half fur
longs, and the layers were compelled to
rub 1 to 2. Fortunately for the layers
Knapp, who had the mount on the fa
vorite, beat his field away from the
barrier a couple of lengths. At the end
he was kept busy beating out Phalanx
with Helgesen up, A. Muskoday ran
third.
Honiton, the daughter of Ormonde,
owned by P. Ryan, made short work of
her field in the six-furlong handicap
yesterday at Oakland. The brown mare
Mas asked to pick ud 112 pounds and
¦«ith Ja.kie Jones in the pilot-house
wont to the post an odds on favorite.
She brushed off the other five start-
soon after Dick Dwyer sprung the
barrier, vinning all the way. Under
punishment Albula was brought from
behind by Helgesen, defeating the
weary Captain Forsee for the place.
Had it not been for the two "eagle
birds," Ripper and Brennus, the book
makers would have had an unpleasant
session. The first four favorites went
down the line, the different cashiers
being kept busy paying off. Finally
Flaneur and Briers failed *o make
connections, which relieved the tension
somewhat. The track was again heavy.
Magrane, the colt Bookmaker and
Owner Billy Magrane named after him
self, captured the introductory sprint
for maiden three-year-olds. The brown
fellow closed a 1 to 2 chance and won
in hollow fashion. Darksome, a 10 to 1
Fhot, with Knapp in the saddle, took
the place from Miss May Bowdish.
SHORT PRICED OOLT \VIXS.
Insists That Jack Johnson
Shall Agree to Forfeit
Everything if Defeated
Hildebrand Will Wear the Colors To-Day
JEFFRIES WANTS
NO LOSER'S END
Honiton Wins the Handicap at Oakland
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
Uncle Sam's "Warriors Show They Are True Athletes
CAVALRY MEN OUTRIDE ARTILLERY
TROOPERS IN HAIR RAISING RACE
JEFFRIES AND JOHNSON ARE EXPECTED TO PROVIDE SENSATIONAL RING CONTEST
IF THEY COME TOGETHER HERE MARCH OF NEXT YEAR IN CHAMPIONSHIP BOUT
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
12
BTTSIITESS CHANCES— Contlnaed.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarter for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Flrst-class bazaar; located In thriv-
ing location. Cttjr: fine plateglass windows r
etore fixtures; large stock; long lease: cheap
rent: doing good business; clearing $150 to
fl'00 ser month: trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; sick-
.ness; Enap; price $3500.
FOR sale — Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located: cheap rent; doing pood
business; 3 living rooms; stock will invoice
mere than price asked; .sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. .,
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real state,
rooni'ng- houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR sale — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F.; cheap rent: horses a.nd wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S0O per month: trial given if
' desired: part. down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR eale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot S0xl37 feet: all furnished; horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes" walk from de-
pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try' hotel: 59 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; oresent owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors such as flrst-class laundry. Ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
WANTED — Party with small .capital to Join
experienced man In best paying proposition in
the West; stand thorough investigation. Ad-
dress box 899. Call office.
NEW Arkansas oil field— G. M. Bailey, Mls-
eourl Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock,
Ark., can get you an oil lease, trifling ex-
pense. Fortunes from future Bale leases.
FOR sale — Good-paying bakery in a thriving
country town; price $1400. Apply A. C.
BOLDEMANN & CO.. 118 First St.
PARTNER— Detective and collection: small
capital; established business. McDIAR-
MID'S, 1014 Broadway, Oakland. -
FOR sale — First-class grocery and delicacy
store. 3601 Army St., cor. San Jose ave.
TO sell, trade or exchange, big paying deli-
cacy store; money maker. Box 41S6, Call.
FOR sale, cheap, cigar etand, if sold at once.
.Folsom and East ets.
Al SALOON; good stock, lease, fine fixtures.
997 Market gt.. room 104.
FOR sale — Flrst-class cor. saloon; lease, good
Btock. living rooms. 038 Bryant at. '^^
PICTURE- frame and art store; good paying
bus-lness; 3 llv. rms.; cheap rent-Box 4S70.CalI
RESTAURANT or any Fmall business In ex-
change. Address box 571, Call office.
FOR sale or to lease — A small printing office.
Box 545. Call.
J2S0O — FINE-PAYING corner grocery; good
bar trade; rent $40. Inquire 674 Valencia st.
$650 — FIRST-CLASS saloon and fixtures for
eale: no attachments. 324 Pacific st.
$5000— PARTNER wanted In commission
house; principals only. Box 3700, Call.
FOR sale — Restaurant; average $20 per day.
52 Eighth st. '<
WANTED — Lady partner for Portland centen-
nial. Call at 20% Seventh st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen and branch bakery; on
account cf sickness; cheap. 2790 Mission st.
FOR sale— Small Bulletin route. Inquire Bul-
letin. 233 Kearny st.. room 10.
$1000 HALF partner or $1900 whole; 18
rooms; bar; 3 years' lease. 210-212 East St.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at Jackson Brewery, box 857. Call.
$125 — CANDY and pastry. 3 finely fur. rooms
• and basement. 525 Taylor St., nr. Post.
PARTNER wanted in milk business; $150 mo.
to each. Box 846, Call v
GROCERY and bar in Mission for sale. Ad-
dress box 4701, Call office.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for Bale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
FINE paying drygoods store, with lease; own-
er leaving State; no agents. Box 4481. Call.
IODGIKO-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO., PhOne South 1050.
3 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Elegantly appointed family hotel of 28 rooms;
furnished with everything of the best; no
better location in city; high-class people;
furnished new about 1 year; If taken at
or.ee will be sold at % actual cost to furnish;
account of sickness.
Well located hotrte close In, with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture- and carpets in
first-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fine business proposition.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying 5500 to $600
per month; close In; full of nice people; bar-
gain If taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership.
We have a number of special bargains in flats
of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish- must
be Eold: either account of sickness or de-
parture.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post , St.: full nicest kind of
roomers; new and modern throughout; brings
In nice Income; furniture in oak. birdseye
maple, velvet and axminster carpets; cost
$1SOU to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain, $1200. ,
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
$5 50 per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator; has 10S rooms,
well furnished throughout: now clearing $350
to $450 per month; make offer; owner must
leave city; only* with us.
10 rooms: rent $<»; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
flays; leaving city; make offer.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month: must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central ; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
45 rooms, rent only $125; flrst-class location*
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full;
best buy In city; account of sickness; price
.- $4500.
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on Geary
nicely .equipped throughout; all full and
clearing nice Income; price $2000.
CO rooms; new. modern building; elegantly fur-
nished; close in; full of "first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
. ness.
Have new, modern 82-room house; rent $375-
electric lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date: owner will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets: must sell; price $400.
Model apartment-house. 2 and 3 rooms each"
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished; 5-year
lease: there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness. L •• ," .V^i
I' 7-room modern flat; close In; well furnished*'
cost $000; a bargain If sold at once: $250.
I 65 rooms: best downtown commercial house In
city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property or
ranch In California; must leave city, j
What do you think? 31-room apartment-house-
rent only $130; where- you can clear $05 per
month; no work: this you can get for $1100;
wife at , hospital.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or -trade always on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. ¦
MITCHELL & CO. '.'\
1200 Market st. Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO. ,
PARTLY furnished house, ¦ 18 1 rooms, sunny,
downtown, plain btfjr neat: price $750; hav-
ing other property , must sell. Exclusively
- with MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market st.
DRUMM. 121— Lodging & boarding house: 19
fine. : good rentine location;: modern; chcaD.
A-$ $ '$ $ JS $_ $ T"?"" * *
Three offices. 026 O'Farrell street.
Ope.n every <lay and Sunday.
10 a. m. to is v. m.
PROFESSOR HENRY ELLSMERE.
THE GREATEST LIVING EXPONENT OF
. . CLAIRVOYANCY.
WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTATION
IN EVERY PROMINENT CITY
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
HIS REPUTATION HAS BEEN EARNED BY
THE WONDERFUL POWERS HE HAb I
SHOWN. AND NOT BY ADVERTIS-
ING. AS IS ATTESTED TO BY
THE UNLIMITED NUMBER
OF TESTIMONIALS HE
HAS RECEIVED.
If you are Interested In any affairs of your
life; If marriage, sickness, deaths, changes,
travels, lawsuits, business transactions, invest-
ments of whatever nature, wills, deeds, mort-
gages, lost or absent friends Interest you; it
you care to know what you should do to be
successful; where you should go and whom you
should avoid; If you desire to have domestic
troubles removed; your bitterest enemies con-
verted into your stancheet friends; in a word.
whate\-er may be your troubles, suspicions or
desires, v?sit Professor Henry Ellsmere and ne
will aid you.
„ IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
Professor Henry Ellsmere has decided to
place his services at the disposal of the Pf°Ple
of ihis city for epecial readings at the reduced
Price of $1 a sitting.
This extraordinary favor will only be ex-
tended for a period of two weeks.
All applications by mail or epecial messenger
must positively be accompanied by the fee in
or 3^ r to nol( l the appointment.
The central location of Professor Henry
Ellswere's offices and consultation room en-
ables busy people to easily reach him.
HIS ADVICE UNIVERSALLY SOUGHT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere's advice has never
been sought In vain in the great crlaes of life;
his counsel has always shone forth clear, lu-
minous and right; the tottering fortune* of
many a man have been saved from wreck by a
word from the lips of this wonderful man; in
the great game of business men have staked
their all on the dicta of Professor Henry Ells-
mere and won. Friends long separated have
been reunited through his instrumentality. The
proverbial "slip 'twixt the cup and the Up'
has been - averted In thousands of Instances
through his ability to read the future. Ro-
mances without number have ended happily
and the altar fires of love burn In countless
homes to-day because of Professor Henry Ells-
mere's profound understanding of human des-
tiny. Obscure diseases* have been located by
his psychic diagnosis and owe their cure to
his thorough knowledge of the patient's special
needs.
DO YOU WISH TO KNOW
How you can have g<3od luck?
How you can 6ucceed In business?
How you can make your home happy?
How you can conquer your enemies?
How you can marry the one you choose?
How you can cbtaln perfect • health ?
How soon you will marry?
JHow you can conquer your rival?
How you can make any one love you?
How you can mend your femily troubles?
How you can remove bad influence? 9
How you can control any one?
How you can make distant ones think of you?
How you can hold your husband's love?
How you can hold your wife's love?
Professor Henry Ellsmere tells all and never
asks questions.
IF THERE IS ANYTHING HEREIN PRINT-
ED WHICH SEEMS IMPROBABLE
CALL ON HIM AND BE
CONVINCED.
Three offices— 326 O'Farrell St., San Francisco.
Every day, >10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Open Sunday.
All Correspondence Promptly Answered. ¦
$ $ $$$$$$»
SPIRITTJ AU3M. .
I, THERESB SHAGREN, well-known psychic,
gives short life sketch, 25c; full life reading.
$1. 19 Ewing place, west side of Laguna
St., bet. Sutter and Post; no sign.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
PROF. GEE. medium and healer: readings
daily: circle every night. 10c. 1206 Market.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln,
room 49; readings 1 to- 5; tel. South 319.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns. $3 60; fllllngs, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per 8et; extracting, 6Oc; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2: no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A. C.Hewitt, 204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist,r.l4.1st
floor, Phelan bid., S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up:fillings,25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
' to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DEESSMAKEBS AND SEAMSTSE3SES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
CLOTHING KENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r: 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 55.S0.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
rchool for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford,
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native' Sons' bldg.
SHORTHAND — Astonishing, but true; you can
learn the best simplified system In less than
30 days for ?5; highest references; 10 free
scholarships. CONEY & MILLS. 1584 Markt.
A — "Single page method"; no text-books; twice
the progresfe in arithmetic, bookkeeping, short-
hand, etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1281 Mkt.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college: new t large rooms:
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 73S Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. tnln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES m short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable. . r : :y,
HEALD'SBUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; send
for circulars.
A— GALLAGHER~^li~ARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
' vocal lessons »1. S28 Halsht st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
Individual Instruct.; all branches: day, eve.
CHICAGO Business College. 15S4 Market— Posi-
I tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M..G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANISH.French, etc. Prof. De Filippe'sAcademy
of languages.lCIS Post; est. 1S71 -.ablest profs.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
.^ EMPIiO YBEENT^ OrglCBS.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best helD promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, S30 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment i Office—^Japanese-
Chlnese help. 42G Powell st.: tel. Main B752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr. Tel.Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment - Office — Best help at
Leon Seung*g. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5138.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab.i20 years.
1 Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
PEMAI^.
EASTERN woman will do c »?« ln * s &2*K»£
hour: flrst-class work. MRS>. b^A^w.
til 2 Fifteenth at.. Oakland. ,
YOUNG lady with experience J»|" h « / t J£-
manent position as st \ n ° grap £t r *h 5174
writer; good penman. Phone Church bit*-
REFINED, well-groomed young l*'*? 1^"
position as companion to lady; excellent rei
erences. Phone Pine 1133. ;
WOMAN with a child wants a situation.
housekeeping. Call 118 Hayes st.
YOUNG woman for general housework In small
family; wages $20. Box 980. Call. ¦
GOOD steady cook wishes position: city or
country. 537 Ellis st^ .
STENOGRAPHER: young lady; 4 7**™' •*'
pcrlence; fast and competent. Box aw>. i-aii.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress bv the day; $1 00
a day; references. 330 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
companion or houseke#per in small family or
adults; city or country; no incumbrance. Aa.
dress Housekeeper. P. P.. station B. city.
YOUNG lady, go^d~platn French cook, one
month "from France, wishes position In pri-
vate family; Oakland or Alameda. Box 130b,
Call office. Oakland. .
WANTED— Position In private family to sew
and do second work; flrst-class references.
Box 529. Call office.
A GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or house-cleaning. -»-»
California st.. near Broderlck; florist.
YOUNG widow with a little girl 2 years of
age wishes position as working housekeeper
for ' refined gentlemen. Box 044. Call.
A REFINED American woman wishes situa-
tion as second girl and plain sewing In pri-
vate family: good references. Box 542. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young lady stenogra-
pher and typist; neat, accurate and willing.
Bex 523. Call offlc^e. _
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as com-
panion to children or lady; good French
¦ teacher. Box 519. Call.
YOUNG lady of refinement wishes position as
lady's companion; city or country. Address
MISS A. L., Call office. Oakland.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing
and housecleanlng. 917% Natoma st., bet.
Tenth and Eleventh.
YOUNG woman of refinement wishes to act as
nurse or companion for lady. Box 569, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work by the
day; flrst-class laundress. Box 844. Call.
A WOMAN wants position for general house-
work : no postals. 2503 Bush st.
JAPANESE girl wishes situation to do house-
work and help cooking In small family;
wages $2 a week. 1406 Pacific ave.
A JAPANESE girl wants a situation as plain
cook and to do hoasewcrk. A. B.. 539 Ste-
venson st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAITTEP— MALE.
ELEVATOR man experienced, colored, wants
position. CAL.'EilP. AGENCY. 14 3d St.;
Tel. Bush 405. .
ADVERTISING man, trained under Eastern
expert, wishes position; successful In news-
paper business; familiar with tvpe, building
and designing of ads and understands strong
features required. Box 941, Call.
EXPERIENCED#and reliable grocery man
wants position as clerk, salesman, collector
or handle grocers' specialties; well acquaint-
ed in city. Please address H. BRODERSEN,
coal yard. 441 OFarrell st.
HOTEL night clerk who understands checking
day work with "best references, seeks posi-
tion in first-class hotel In city or out of
town. Box 860, Call.
EXPERIENCED. trustworthy young man
wants position as gardener: handy with
tools; not afraid to work; tend to horse, milk;
references. Box 9S5, Call office.
POSITION wanted by married man who Is
familiar with general office work; refer-
ences and bond if required. Box 076, Call.
WANTED — A position as helper to a photo-
graph printer to perfect myself In commer-
cial photography. Box 914. Call.
FIRST-CLAPS New York valet would like po-
sition; work very reasonable for right party.
Address box 1604, 100* Market St.
A RELIABLE man desires any kind position
of trust; experienced in wine and liquor busi-
ness. Address box tiCO. Call office.
A YOUNG man, German, sober and honest,
wishes a situation as bartender. Box 1522,
Call office. Oakland.
MAN and wife want work of any kind In
country hotel. B. Desmond. 625% Howard.
WOODTURNER, first class, good shopworker.
wants steady position. Roehnlsch. 639 Jessie.
GENTLEMAN of good address, speaking
English, Portuguese and Spanish, wlshei
employment with mercantile firm as traveler
or salesman. Address J. M. A., box SSO.
Call office.
COMPETENT Swiss couple want positions on
small ranch; man good gardener and gen-
eral farm hand: wife good cook; best of ref-
erences. Humboldt House, Stockton st.
YOUNG strong man, 22 years old, 3 years'
experience in grocery detail, wants position
in grocery as clerk or In stock. Box 570,
Call office.
WANTED — By a German, position to milk
cows tend horpes or take care of place; ref.
Address GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominican Sis-
ters, Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
AN expert stenographer and typist (owns ma-
chine) wants extra work; at liberty after 4
p m. aud all day Saturdays; verbatim re-
portlng. Box 522. Call.
HANDY man wants situation In a private
place; can take care of horses and drive
some, and knows how to handle tools. Ad-
dress L. H. REINEL, 267 Minna St., S. F.
STUDENT attending Heald's Business College
wishes work of any kind to pay expenses;
waiting at table or work In store preferred.
Address F. E. M., 155B Hawthorne St.
PLUMBER licensed and independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
week; will give estimates If desired: has all
necessary shop tools. Box 4SS. Call office.
GERMAN, 23 years of age. st«ady and sober,
used to hard work, wishes any kind of, work.
Address J. F.. 125 Third St.. S. F.
SOBER, reliable young man wants position In
store; any kind of work; willing; good ref-
erences. 1017 Webster st.. Oakland,
YOUNG man wants work or any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.;
city or country. Bex 618, Call office.
GARDENER wants position; Is also first-class
horseman; sober and reliable; best city and
country references. Box S93, Call.
POSITION a» assistant bookkeeper by young
man; strictly sober; dees not gamble; good
references. Box 502, Call office.
ATTORNEY who Is an experienced bookkeeper
and etencgrapher wants position. Box 886,
Call office.
WANTED — Position as city salesman for San
Francisco or Oakland firm: Al references.
Address Salesman. 610 Apgar St.. Oakland.
HONEST, trustworthy, young man wants
steady position as gardener; references If re-
qulred. Box 401. Call office.
GOOD German carpenter, with tools, would
like work. CHAS. FRITHE, box 10. Allen.
dale_ Pottofnee. 1
FIRST-CLASS machinist wishes position. Ad-
dress C. CEDERBERG. 757 Harrison st.
WANTED — Position by a flrst-class nv?at cut-
ter: country preferred. Box 527. Call.
EXPERIENCED male nurse would like posl-
! ticn to travel. Box 503. Call office,
! SITUATION wanted for flrst-class Journeyman
I barber; 'city cr country. : Box 5C0. Call.
i BARBER wants position, steady; married
J man; city references; union. Box S30, Call.
1 ' — 1
YOUNG man wishes posltlosHtn family: beat
of references. G. HEART.TO Sixth st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
S84. Call. - ''¦:¦'
NON-UNION, first-class, wants work In city;
reasonable. Bex 8S3. Call.
JAPANESE good ' boy wants situation as
schoolboy in a small family: speaks English;
wages no object. H., 814 Powell st.
JAPANESE boy, speaks English, wants posi-
tion as school boy or housework In private
family. SAKAI. 12 Qulncy st.
JAPANESE young fioy wishes position to do
housework and plain washing. ODA, 417
Jones St.; phone Hyde 1675.
A JAPANESE " wants position at night or
morning work; speaks English. T. O.,, 1543
Larkln st. v
BTJSiyESSJPBAHCES.
A— $32^0; HALF Interest In manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on K. G. WILKE, 20 ha
JCearny St.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton; rent $53; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. O.
WILKE, 2ti^> Kearny et.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen: rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $1« per day. Particulars II. G.
WILKE, 26Vs Kearny st.
A— $900; CORNER grocery and bar, with 3
furnifhed rooms, on Harrison st.; rent $35;
place doing a good cash business In groceries,
8s well as In barroom. See R. G. WILKE.
JitiVi Kearny Et. <-¦*¦:'¦ '_
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay • and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. MM Kearny Bt.
A— SXO; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk tt.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to eettle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 2G^ Kearny Bt.
A — $SCO; CORNER ealoon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known aa a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease, In
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 2tm Kearny St.
A— $4000; CIGAR stand on Market st.. vicin-
ity Powell St.; 2V4 years' lease;* must be
sold at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 2G^j Kearny at.
RESTAURANT and cafe cloee to Market and
Powell ets.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business; best class of
patronage; owner engaged In other busi-
ness; must sacrifice. Bee R. G. WILKE.
26 Vj Kearny et.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $4o; store doing a large-cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A -~|SBOft: SALOON: about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent |125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200; I good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.'
WILKE. 26^i Kearny st.
A — $2000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 2«H Kearny St.
A — $900 — CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st., living rooms: rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
1 WILKE. 26^ Kearny et. '
A — $1500 — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must b* sold at once on
acc&urt of death; very rare chance, as busi-
nf-rs is known for 28 years as a good reliable
hou«e. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $€500; THE. leading candy,' icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $-ft)00; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
scuth of Market et. ; net rent $90; lease 4
vear*: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st-
A — $2f.5O: HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with tlrst-class paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
1 fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25 r
dally receipts about $20; best location north
cf Market. Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $35W); CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st_; rent $C&; living rooms; stock' will In-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first-claes paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A FINE grocery In Western Addition; new
stock; $3500. or will take partner.
Saloon on Fourth at., near Market; $1900.
Hotel of W> rooms In good country town;
cheap rent; $2500.
Cigar utore on Third st. ; rent $10; $300.
Koadhouse In San Mateo County, with 8
acres good land; 1 mile from Redwood City.
A large list of business, rooming-houses
and hotels for sale and exchange.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny Bt
$300 — RESTAURANT; great bargain; fine lo-
cation; good business; party going East; also
list of saloons. Eitel & Carroll. 212 Kearny.
$775 BUYS a nice little grocery and barf
pood stock and fixtures; cheap rent. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007% Market Et.
$500— LARGE fruit store and fish market;
horse and wagon; large stock; living rooms.
1C07M, Market st.
SALOON men, attention! We have 2 good
saloons on Sixth »t. 1007% Market St.
$125 — Partner cigar etore, to take full charge.
WESTERN REALTY CO., 1007% Market ft.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
017 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom 1S46.
$175 — PARTNER for well paying cigar etand
on 4th et. ; elegant fixtures, full stock; money
maker. See BROOKBANK.
$125 — Partner for well paying restaurant; will
clear you $75 monthly. See BROOKBANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to Bell.
J. W. JAQflTH & CO..
1312 Market at.,
Rooms 415-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
A PARTY with $5000 cash wishes two young
men about 25 years old with equal capital
to join him In buying an old-established and
one of the best paying businesses In this
city; must be In good standing and have
good bu.-Jiness ability. Address box 525, Call.
— — — •—
SUCCESSFUL money lenders will soon open
another office and offer an Interest and po-
sition to the right man who can furnish
part of loanable funds as wanted; this Is
an exceptional opportunity' to establish a
young man in a sound business, much like
banking; references required. Address box
1512. Call office. _^
FOR sale — $2000; rooming-house; 27 rooms;
rent water and gas, $75 per mo.: clearing
$100" ner mo.
$250 — Saloon, centrally located.
1, 2 and 3 chair barber shops, $25, $350
each. J. L. MULLER, 606 Seventh St., Oak-
land. ¦ »>
$1500— REAL estate business; a long estab-
Hfhed unencumbered ireneral real eetate and
Insurance agency of thoroughly reliable repu-
tation, doing good business; thoroughly
equipped; best location in Berkeley; aftswer
Immediately; a sacrifice. Box 240, Berkeley
Gazette office, Berkeley.
AN excellent chance for 2 or 3 men — For Bale,
a fine dairy; 2 blocks outside the city line;
the latest Improvements; 145 cows; 320 gal-
lons milk daily; all wholesale trade; cheap
rent and long lease. Apply in Call office.
$250 — GOOD chance for active man in estab-
lished cash business, suitable for a man
willing to do plain light work and be satis-
fied with $70 mo.; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest, Co., 032 Market.
FOR rent — 2 acres of land; chicken houses;
house with 8 rooms, furnished. Including
piano; suitable for boarding-house and chick-
i-n ranch; $25 month: 0 minutes' walk to-
depot. Appiy 2207% Mission st.
FOR rent— In new modern Etore, a hat and
: gents' furnishing goods dept; all ready for
stock: best location In city; must be good
I responsible people. Address 1071 Broadway
I Oakland. . ; *':
j $2On — PARTNER; chance for right man.
$4."0 to $3000; restaurants: good bargains.
( $r,o<» to $10,000: ealoons: good bargains.
I See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
J WE incorporate and float stock companies; wo
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Elllcott square,'
Buffalo. it.*»r
$750 FOR quick eale; centrally located restau-
rant, near depot. In Reno; $50 to $60 per
day; low rent, good lease; make offer. W.
LOOFBOURROW, Reno. Nev. <
ESTABLISHED office business In city, clear-
ing from $20 to $50 per week: no reasonable
offer refused: present owner must leave city
on account of 111 health. Box D03, Call.
A— $30< 1 : PARTNER wanted In light mechan-
ical business; no previous experience required;
$15 to t",5 a week each. 4,7 Geary, room 2.
SALOON — 28 furnished roome; dining room,
kitchen complete; liquors: 3 years'' lease;
reasonable. Apply 117 Uattery «t.. from 1 to 3.
RESTAURANT for sale on Greenwich St., be-
tween Baker and Lyon; price $350. Inquire
3101 Pierce et.
$4500 BUYS the best corner grocery and bar
in Western Addition with lease; rent $.47.
Box 960, Call office.
FOR sale — $2000; livery stable, opposite depot;
good business stand. Inquire at Landcraff's
VUla. Mill Valley. Martn Co... CaJ
E3BPIiOYMEITT^WAlTTEI>--^«ale— Con.
J/.PANESE boy, honest, speaks English well,
want3 a position as a school b^y cr house-
work: by letter. TAMURA. J. Y. M. C. A..
121 Halght st.
JAPANESE couple wishes a position In n!c<»
family: men flrst-class cook; wife wait at
table and do housework. S. OHARA, 4iT
Jcnes St.; piicne Hyde lt>75.
JAPANESE butler, valet or housewoTk»r.
'wishes position in private family: first-class
servant. A. YU. SUfa Stockton st.
JAPANESE boy desires position as waiter or
schoolboy; understands English' welL TeL
Polk 37.'?2.
JAPANESE, honest. Intelligent boy. wants a
situation In small family as schoolboy;
speakj English well. JODORI, SOT Polk st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position la fam-
ily for housework; can do Japanese mas-
age. YAMA. 35O Jeasle St.
TAp.\V r * c 'E boy n-anta to do any work, 9 a. ra_
toVp. m. Write to 1320 Pine st.
A JAPANESE b"y wants to do any work, 9
a. m. to 4 p. m. Write to 1323 Pine st.
JAPANESE wants position at night or mom-
ing work; speaks English. T. P.. 1543 Larkiru
CHINESE, gcod cook, wants a position In
family; wages $10 or $0 per week. Addresa
7 Brenham place. R. FONG. .
FIRST-CLASS Chines© family cook wants situ-
ation. S-.'« YOUNG. 734 Jackson st.
CHINESE, flrst-class hotel cook, wants a po-
sitlon. N\ IC-. 744 Sacramento st.
gI~A»CIAIu
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In **'%%%& S
Surplus 849,90194
Issues
81x per cent . .
Investment Certificate* .
At par. .|!,
' »J
Office— No. 14 Eansom* street. ¦ ¦*!
Ban Francisco. CaL
DON'T risk your money in questionable ?ent«
ures when you can obtain "First Mortgag»
Gold Bonds" (first lien on downtown business
property) paying a good rate of Interest and,
as secure as Government bond3; single bonds
$500 CO each: interest payable quarterly; at-
torneys seeking lnvestmenta for clients and
trustees of estates should inyestisate this at
once. "Bonds." 3D Crocker building.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndlcata
certificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PANY, 107-108 Crocker bulldinj.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents: stock
sold: strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARAPZTTIY. 522 Cross! »y b.igf
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and * ts to let: an Immense list:
service absolute . free; take advantage of
this department t will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-53 Geary
st., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place: come In and let us Know what
rent you want to pay and the locality: "w«
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1030 Market st. . opp. McAllister.
PAGE. 14.'" — Elesant 6-room flat and bi'.llard-
room: hardwood floors; rent ?30; new car-
pets for sal?.
SPLENDID modern Cat. 5 rooms, bath. $20.
334 Cumberland. near • Church, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth.
NEW 5-room flat; price $2750; up to date; east
side cf Central ave., between Golden. Gat»
ave. and McAllister st.
HUGO. 531. rear Sixth ave. — New modern sun-
ny flat; tinted: near park; $25.
JUNIPER, 3."U;, bet. ICth and 11th, off Fotsom
— 1 nice rooms; cheap rent.
NEW modern gunny upper flat: 8 room a and
bath: rent $22 5<\ .T-S25 24th St.. r.r. Church.
PIERCE. 2989 — 6 rooms, bath, gas aivj e!»ctrtc.
yard, basement; marine view. ,
A NICE, centrally located flat of 5 rooms an<J
10.1') Sacramento *t., above Powell.
BAKER. 2110— Punny basement flat, 3 rooms,
bath, gas; $12 f>n.
MODERN upper flat of 4 sunny rooms. 970
Sanchez st.. corner Twenty-third.
NEW sunny upper B rooms, bath, etc.: marin*
view; rent low. 1261 Vallejo St.. near Hyde.
UPPER part, 3 sunny rooms. SO Brady, near
Twelfth and Market.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON * HOAG. 118 Montgomery st.
FLATS 70S SALE — CTJBSIS— ED.
THE furnishings of a 6-room flat. 3 rooms
rented now for $25 month: the flat rent is
only $30; will s*ll for $220 cash. Call at
room 612. Grant building.
FOR sale — Furniture of 7-roora flatj Tery
cheap. 946 Geary st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, newly furn'sh-d: near coi\
O'Farrell and Mascn sts.: price $200; rent $15.
Address box 0S7, Call office.
NEW furniture of a new 5-room fiat for ia!«
cheap; warm belt. 640 Guerrero st.
Furniture of desirable sunny 5-r. . flat. nr.
Park: cheap rent; $20; adults. 35 Tremont av.
P U KM IT U US "WANTED.
___ ABELKvfi —— .
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessls 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will oell on commission. L. H.
BURD, auc. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2333.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission St.. N»-
fore selling your furnltur-. Phone Red 4463.
rURNITTJBE FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 813
WALNUT furniture of hish grade, etc., for
sale; no dealers. 255 Thirteenth st.
HELP VT AHTEP- -PSMA3JB.
jfeOOKS $39
2 men and wives $tJ0-$t>3-
Parlor maid and waitress $;»
Nurse girl, grown child < '.o
2 second girls $2O-$25
Nurse girl and assist upstairs $-_*O
Waitress, country hotel $2O
3 housework girls for country $15-$20-$25
Chambermaid and waitress, city $20
Woman with a child, country $15
Housework, private place. Mountain View. $-.15
2.1 general housework <lrls. city. .$2ft-$25-#::(>
Apply to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. S3*
1 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. I2H
Two waitresses, country hotel, $23.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill tanmedlately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
WANTED — Gir/S to learn millinery now for
fall season: both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $3; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions- to be filled lm-
mediately. Parlors. 143 Stockton st.. r. IX
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
manicuring, electric rnRisage, etc. ; six hour**
practice a day: guarantees positions- only
recognized college of Its kind on coast- day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
ducert prices. 133 Powell st.
AA— SOUBRETTE for vaudeville partner for
young man who has played Orpheurn circuit-
must have good voice and able to dance well-
state experience. Box 1CC3. iocs Market st.*
1 WANTED— Experienced lady canvassers. Ap-
: ply Johnson- Locke Mercantile Co., 123 Call-
i fcrntj ?t.
OPERATORS o"n"co->ts : fi^i^Ufn «ml~b%s"t
™Fh /m 1 " »? O « k CLABROUGH. GOL-
CUiAl & CO.. 24 Second st.
£•22 K , !rI »- Kfneral housework, plain cooking.
$2t>: 1 flrst-clasa operator on vests*, $2 day
Rocm 312. Grant bldg.; South 104.
WANTED— A glrj. jB>23 Stelner st.
YOUNG plrl to asslht in ho:s;work; ,ieep horn*
Call 712 Leavenworth rt.
GIRL wanted for light housework. Call at 73O
Folsom st. f .. : . .
WANTED— Clerks in the confectionery stores
to tell thilr customers to chew CHICLETS.
CO T a nor."5u-r r o tt c"ry* s T: entiCe - ~™wZZZ
WANTED— Office girl who can uso typewriter-
permanent; $U. occult Tempi*. 1013 Sutler.*
L^DGi^G^ojrjsESrO^J^J^E^Con.
—MARION GRIFFIN —
406 Hearst building over "Examiner' en-
trance, corner Third and Market st«.; tel.
Black 3607. Hotels and rooming-houses for
sale. Free list. We furnish abstracts free
and guarantee titles. .
— NO 1. —
IT 18 WORTH your
while to see this
. j-0-room downtown
house: New golden
oak, blrdseye maple
and mahogany fur- ••
nlture.
AXMINSTER car-
pets and rich Ori-
ental hangings.
COST $4500. but—
win take $2000; only
J>1000 down and easy
Installments
PROFIT $132 per
month; Al transient
location; near Ellis .
and Powell. MARI o N _GRIFFnr__
~ NC ||STOP - THINK-In.
vestlgate. as such an
offer comes only once
In a lifetime; 8«
1 rooms; a fine corner
on Sutter street; sub-
stantially furnished:
a splendid house; a
money maker: only
$1000 down and easy
payments.
MARION GRIFFIN. '
—NO. 3.—
COME IN AND let
us show you a 21-
room house . near
Leavenworth and
Post; well furnished
and as clean as a
pin. Net profits $97
monthly; If you want
an honest house for
what It is worth see GR;FFW .
—NO. 4.—
PRICE NOW— $1800—
A 39 -room house;
profit $140 monthly .
over — a 11 — expenses ;
easy to manage It;
the — roomers — are
honest working peo-
Pl6 ' *? MARION GRIFFIN.
~~ N ° PROFIT $48 MONTH-
LY; nice, clean, re-
. spectable roomlng-
Jt house on the sunny
w side; north of Mar-
ket: 34 rooms; price
$75C (was $1200):
TERMS $300 down
and $10 each month.
MARION GRIFFIN. ,
_ "_ N0 6 ._
A 12-ROOM house
Reduced to $400:
Central; rent $30. •
Income over rent $47.
All men roomers.
Not a flrst-class
house, but it's re-
tVeC 3 ' t- MARION GRIFFIN.
______
I MORTGAGED HOUSE:
mortgagee, who
! .*!'»:¦; loaned $900 on a
! i*" 1 .";¦?! 20- room house, asks
i*i?»l!«I»iT' us to get him an
;'-:.\i5T»f«;* offer; house has been
! Tljlf fX't'S" newly renovated and
* ••r*!riT; : —newly c a r-
: 'I.-;*! -I'' PETED—
! ". "'• Clears $70 monthly;
easy terms If de-
sired; a mechanics'
house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
* —NO. 8.—
BEAUTIFULLY fur-
nished 37-room house
In best location In
this city. You need
but little money
($1500) to get pos-
session; clears $175.
MARION GRDTFIN.
—NO. 9.—
ONLY $150 DOWN se-
cures a swell 12-
room house near
NOB HILL; bal.
($500) ON TIME;
fine furniture; elec-
tric lights.
MARION GRIFFIN.
* —NO. 10.— "
WANTED-A LADY
OR GENTLEMAN
O F EDUCATION
AND REFINE-
MENT TO 1N-
V E S T IGATE A
NEW AND MOD- .
ERN HOUSE of 6S
ROOMS; PARTLY
FURNISHED: ALL
BRAND NEW;
KLECTRIC
LIGHTS: PRICE
$3500; PROPERLY
MANAGED WOULD
CLEAR $300
MONTHLY.
MARION GRIFFIN.
————————
• NOTICE.
WE make exchanges
of all kinds. Let us
know what kind of
an exchange you
• would like. Or If
you need money to
put in with your
property on a trade,
we can accommodate
you at short notice.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Examiner building.
45 ROOMS, downtown, fine furniture..., $3000
24 rooms, central, everything new $S0O cash
30 rooms, downtown, transient $2500
14 rooms, Sutter, rent $57. . .' $1000
100 rms., all rented, new furnish., $6000 cash
30 rooms, fin-s corner house $3000
Bop.rding-house, S rooms, nr. carhouse $450
Furnishes house.18 rooms. Mission $430
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT CO., 10 Turk St..
first floor.
$135— SPECIAL bargain: flat of 4 nicely fur-
nished rooms in good neighborhood, near
Market St.; oak furniture, good carpets;
everything complete; rent $10; owner leav-
ins city causes the sacrifice. See BROOK-
BANK. 017 Market sL, bet. Cth and 6th.
LIST of great bargains; from 7 to 200 rooms;
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodglng-
• house, 377 acres land In Santa Clara County;
also 2 Oakland lota; good paying country
hotels and madhouse*. Money loaned on
furniture. EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale, cheap; on ac-
count of sickness; Golden Gate ave., nr. Lar-
kln st. Box B43, Call.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerl:a— Th« Weeklr
Cull. Hi pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one vear for >1.
C1AIBVOYAHTS.
MME. mT BERNARD-^ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma--
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bide.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or have domestic. love or business trou-
' bles, consult this great medium and you will
' be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
RICHARD MAYO
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
FREE TEST, FREE TEST
To all who come prepared to have a reading.
421A Ellis St., private flat; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. '
ISMAR. Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 110*
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
| day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME PORTER clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present future; I. 60c; g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted claJr.and palm?;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
G, $1; hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st.-
FREE, free, free— Prof. Dahl will give free
this week to show the public his ability.
1027^ Market st. ; , hours 1 to 9 p. m.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
.reader; when others fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladles 25c.
gents 00c. 545 Minna st.. ¦
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. " 612 V4 Eddy st. : no signs.
THIS ad. and 50c entitles you to life reading
at 125 Sixth st. - -':.-
MRS. SHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 103 6th St., rooms 1-2.-
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune,
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
TOE4jfG\yQ !
Address Communications to
JOIIX McyAUGICT.-V:-«V". «M«nager
\V. J. MAItTIX Biislnegs_Managcr
TELEPHONE.
A.k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Coa-
r.cct You BWtli i^e Department You -\Visn.
Putlicatirn Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Booa» SIT, to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier*7~2O Cts. Ter Week. 75
Cis. P<r Mcr.th. Single Copies 5 <^»-
Terms by Mail, lncludine Postage (Cash With
Order): «e <v»
DAILY CALL <ir.clud. Sundayt. 1 year...*J-W
DAILY CALL {lnclud. fiunday). *> mos... *; '
IXAILY CALL— By Month '?£
fVVPAV CALL. 1 Year f Xa
V.-EEXLY CALL. 1 Year - • • -^ — ' f - '^tra
rCREIGN J Sf^Vy 4 15 Per T*T« *****
POSTAGE. J j |££& P , r Yesr Extrs
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORLSfcU
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eaxrplo Cc*i«s will be forwarded when re-
quested. , .
MtU subscribers In ordering char-ze °^ ";
Area should be particular to give both NEft
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance witn tneir rc-
<ueet.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway '. Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tliS Center Street Telephone Nprtn <i
__— i
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Aetcrla Hctel; A. Bs*ntano 31
Caion Equar*: Murray Hill Hctel; Fifth-avenue
Kcttl and Hcflrr.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Phermen House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Kcttl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GHCRGE KI'.OOXESS, Marquette Building.
<Lcr.g Pittance Telephone. "Central 2G18. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHilN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON HeraJd Square
ETPINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. rn.
127 Mcntgcrr.cry street, corner Clay: open until
fl:80 p. m.
BOO Hayes street: open until 3:30 p. m.
B39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fl5 L&rkin etreet: open until 5:30 p. m.
ID4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1C« Eleventh street ; open until 9 p. m.
1O6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
S'jrf Fillrnore street: r»n»n until 9 p. m.
CHUECE SERVICES.
FIRt-'T United Presbyterian Church, comer
Golden Uate ave. and I'olk Ft.— Preachine
to-morrow (Sabbath) at 11 a. m. and 7:30
P. m. by the pastor. Rev. H. H. B?ll. D D.
Morninp theme. "Belief in God." Evening
theme. "MisMnns About the Mediterranean,"
ci« \ enth lecture on the Oriental trip. Sab-
bath echool at '.<:l~> a. m. Christian En-
dtavor SofietieF ct 5:30 and C:30 p. m.
Stranpers cordially invited to all tervicep.
J'«ws free. Courteous ushers' Come and
! ringr yewr friends. Music by a good male
quartet.
MEETIgQ NOTICES.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. «
M. — Called meeting THIS (SATUR- \j\f
DAY) EVENING. November li». at
7 ::;<> oVli-rk. Degree 2. By ord^-r of
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Sec
CROCK ETT Lodpe No. 139, K. and A. O
M.— Third Degree THIS <?ATUR- VY
DAY) AFTERNOON at 2:W ©clock, /V\
also st 7:15 p. m. By order of the
W. M. R. H. McPHERPON. Sec.
MISSION IyCiRe No 1W. F. and A. M. e
Bpecial meeting THIS (SATCRDAV) Vy
EVENING at « :3'.» o'c^iv. Third De- />f\
STt-. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
CRAFTSMEN'S Club* meet? THIS »
(SATURDAY) EVENING, at "^n*/^
©'dock. Masonic Temple. Master />f\
Mrfons cordially invited.
r.i.'D G. GUYETT. Secretary.
EAN FRANCISCO Loire No. 36ft. F. ®
end A. M. — Officers and members are> >tjf
hereby r."'!fie.j to attend the funeral /V\
at our Ute brother. DWIGHT COPE-
LAND ATHERTON. on SL'NDAY. Novem-
ber 20 1W4 at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Mission
M3FcrJr Temple, 20CS Mirslon etreet. By
order cf the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
ETFCIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS—
Notice is hereby given that a Fpe<~ial meet-
ing of the stockholders <-f the CENTRAL
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY will be held
on SATURDAY December 3. 1904. at 11
o'clock a. m. at tr.e oftice of pal-1 company.
12.'. Fouth Main Ft. [orer Well?. Fargo & Co.'s
Bank). Salt Lake City.. Utah, fnr the purpose
of considering and assenting to. or di?s*nt-
inj? from, the execution Cf a. new rnortgape
Pui-on the line of railroad "of Faid company
?'xter.iJing from a point of connection with
i«s original line Just north of the o^den
River, in Weber County, Utah, thence v.-rst-
«!!>¦ across Promontory Point and Great SaJt
I^sVe. through the counties of Weber and
Hox E!d°r. to a connection with the- original
line of raid company near and Immediately
vest of Grouse <7rrek. between Lucin and
Oartney t-tations, on Faltf line, a draft of
m-r,iih said proposed mortgage will be sub-
mitted at said mertlne.
E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived apr" cat ' oris to mine by hydraulic pro-
o-fs frcm B. Santirfo. in Santirfo mine, near
W.icano. Araador County. Cal., draining Into
Grass VaSley Creek, which reaches Moke-
lumr.e River; from L. Delucchl and S. Mai-
rera, in Mazzera rr.ine. near Volcano, Ama-
<Jer Ccunty. Cal.. draining into Sqwth Branch
ttitter Creek, which reaches Mokelumne
Ri\er: from O. Engle. In Manila min*. near
Igc, Shasta Ccunty. Cal., draining into Dry
Crwk. whirh reaches Sacramento River;
from Grid Run Mining Company, in Gold
Hun mine, near Qulncy. Plumas County,
Cal.. draining into Spanish Creek, which
reaches FeEther River, and from H. A. and
A. A. Hallstead, in M"Kown mine, near
FpRnish ranch, Plumas <~ounty. Cal.. drain-
ing xr.to fpaiitfh Creek, which reaches Feath-
er River, gives notice that a meeting to re-
ceive any rrotests will be held at room 06.
Flood *iuilr!ir.tr. fcan Francisco, Cal.. Nov
T*V 13ft4. at 1:30 p. rn.
AGTBTTS WAirrED.
LADY agents wanted everywhere to sell
Kerr.p'r Suppositories. 1312 Market et.. r. 316.
ATT0RHXT8-AT-r,AW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear $12 and
is no pood; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty: quick; quiet; r.o money needed;
no psy unless divorce i» granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees: advice free; collections
Bade. G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market st.
H. \Y. KING. Attorney-at-lav/, F.xam. bldg
Cth floor; entrance room 811; established 23
years; a!! courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consultm-
tioa: evening by- appointment. Tel Red 06OI.
AA — Pfvcrce; cost* $12; <ju'ck,qu1et ;ad\-lce free;
• a'l law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open everlrigK. 927 Market «.. room 301.
ADVICE frc-**; divorce costs J12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open EatunOar evenings. 811) Market st.. r. 33.
L. BJ CLARK. !C7 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
ASTgaiA CUBS.
DI N/6LA'S Asthma Remedy relieves lnsUntly-
iOc, 25c, f«Oe. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas 1
¦ tilto Wtthart. ICth and Washington. Oakland*
gOABarwo ros csildeeh.
WANTED — School children to board. m
WALLACE. Fitchburg, Elmhurtt, Alal
rrteda County.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
f.cr cleaning carpet* on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
eir et thop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market st.;
phones Main 152 and Bush »7B.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
rend for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Jr.e wcrks, 355-357 Tchama st. TeL South 40.
WES TERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning. 3c FRED IIAGE-
DORN U CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 210 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet ckanlng. 3c yard. TeL Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter sU;
tcl. Main 39* CEO. WALCOSC ts. CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
rwuwcable. 1703 Uarrison «t.; teL Mission 263.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
13
SgJCJ fffgro-mi a t. t , — ccattaued.
REMUNERATIVE ea^loVraeaV^oder*te"«*ar
ary end liberal commiseiofis for a lltnited
ciuabtrrt Udiec; matt b« well dressed. weU
efiuc«.ted and good conversationalists Accly
duri'ug afteraocn. room 521. Starr.Klasr tidg.
L^ SS £« steady home •taployraeat; $5 to
gj ««kly^ Eaan* tpreckeU bldg.. 927 Mar!
"EXPERIENCED operators oo ladies' waists;
best pay: steady work. 28 First et-
HEXP WAJTTEP— MAXS.
A-ilUERAV & READY. C34-S« Oay st.
Phcne Main 5»4i.
L*ad.ag Emplcrrnent aad Labor Agents.
We Fpeak t-he German. French, Italian.
rSS^P??*"" Gr ** lt - Spanish. Slavonian aad
Icarus h lasciages-
ey,«OO M*a Work, lacreas* t50.0O>.
MILLWRIGHTS,
a ci~rwrigfcts. sawnilll company, south.
MECHANICALS.
Fainter, for etaxk work, larse compaav,
couatrj-, *3 day *
BEXCH HANDS.
«b*ach hands, COCBtrjr planlaj; mill $3 50
Grainer aEd painter, fare 15c. $3 50 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-S36 Clay st.
A — COAL MINERS.
Or»f^n- Fre« Far*. Oregon.
r- 8 *
Coe: dners fcr a good niiae, well vsatilated.
n o ta*. ti ton. big nioaey caa be made oa
the Job ta Stat* of
FREE OREGON. FREE
FAKE. OREGON. FARE.
NEW WORK.
10 laborers, $00; 6 teararters. $80.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ctoresiaa. private plsxe. $30 found; mill-nan,
furciture lactory. city.
FAJUIER3. UILKERS, ETC.
£0 farsi haruls and pl>w teamsters; 6 milk-
ers; 6 caoreraen; 8 chorebcrs; pnvat* .and
rascfeas*.
Farmer aad wife. Oreroa, $40 aad fooad.
HOTELS.
4 «ockm. dty ar.d country; S waiters: •
kitchen hand* a.nd dishwashers; porters, bell
and elevator bojrs.
SPECIALS.
Cattle buytr. larje firm. $100 found.
Foreman, concrete work, see boss here. $3">.
Grading fcrenian, construction Job. $90.
Work:r*g foreiran, ranch and dair>-. $35 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 6S4-636 Clay et.
MINERS.
GOLD QUARTZ MIXE.
Asfirew Etelger. i/>as» write.
SPECIALS.
2 -¦¦*-•-.« Eicers. $*>; - hand rainers, good
tslae. $30: as*lnant curse. cour.ty instrtutian.
$-¦50 and found; wheel wrisrht, large company.
*30; 3 mlliwri^hts. sawmill conrnay. $;»0:
<".»*- washer, county institution. $25 found;
raiiker. Co'usa C-~«inty. $*0 and found;
butcher, country eh^p. $40 and found.
MURRAY A READY. «34-€3d Ciay et.
AT HORD & SMITH"e.
Ccrtractors' Agents, 95 Third st
B!ack5-rith's helper. $2 25. Bay Shore.
Man who understands irrigating and irriga-
tion pump*. $."¦•<>.
Cook, restaurant, $12 and m»als.
PiMlc'tor for tea and coffe*. big inducements
Man ta handle nerve medicine. $1 and 10
;-er cer.t ce-sisissicc.
Airador CouEty teajxsters, $2.
EBOE 6Eiesr=an. f73: clothing and furnishing
£-*•¦£? 5s:esTT.ar.. f2O we^k and commission:
bctler. S43 and fatntfl: blacksmith's helper
ar.d fl-»r man. f2 5O dav: milker and wi>e.
**¦.*¦ a-. i ?*s> and founi: secrvnd cork fcr ir*-
stltnUoa. $4J"> ar.d four.d: arvd ethers. J. F.
<rr.OSETT & CO.. CS Barrameato st.
A— AMERICAN* EMPLOTMrTN'T BURBAr,
&12 Ccmraerctal tx. Phone Bush <s33.
5 mir.ers, hand wirk, s^e b^es here. $2 CO
day; 2 farmTF, ?30 foun-i; *r.arb!e p«jliiher,
city. St 50 day^
¦VTAN*TE*>— Tour.? man who ia an experienced
<i*T goods bundle wrap->er. Apply between
6 and 11 a. ta. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Bright. n?at boy from 16 to 19
jears of are. Arr-'y between 9 and 11 a.
m. at HALE EROS/
WASTED — Tounc r.a.n who Is a thoroughly
exj;i«ri«>nc»d silk and <lrea» goods Bale^maii. i
Arr'T between 6 and 11 a. m. at HALE I
EP.OS. v I
i i
Vv' ANTED — Gtr.eral dry fvAa taan to iro to
Salinas. Apply between 9 aad 11 a. r.: _-.
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — 3 r**">d. brijrfct »rrand boj^e. steady j
posiUoo. at M. FEIED5IAN A CO.'S. 223 |
Po« tt.
V.'ANTT*I)— E^u<!ate<3 ir<?r.tJerr.an to visit Kr.all
towna and write shcrt articles for pcblica-
Oa»r$S3 p*r month. Box »50, Call office.
FHOE faleemen wanted: permanent positions
to neat e.fp«»arin*. Imt-class men. Call
*-ar?y. room €12. Grant building.
WANTED — First-class t=ill ha-d. who under-
Ft»n<i«> rarlcr work; no ethers need apply.
71% Mlssica st.
SHOEMAKER war.t«d a: 325 Masca: steady
work.
EXPERIENCED moving r;<-ture oporatT want-
ed to manage road »h?w. B5X €3». »_all.
LIVELY ycuti to atterd a dumbwaiter, also
relieve elevator bey. 23 Stocktoa it.
WANTED — Every tnan la town to chew
CHICLETS while riding oc his w!j**l.
BARBER war.t«l fcr Saturday evening aad
Su=4ar morrlng. IE52 Church rt.
HEN — The only original Moler Barber College
retches barber trade la 8 weeks; wages
etn.*.! »fc;le learning.
New quarters aad new appliances.
CaII or write fcr Illustrated catalogue.
Meier Earb<?r Collfsr*-. 649 Sacramento at.
Lately moved from Clay St.
A YOITNG man between 25 and 35, of rood
family ar.d b«5lne»» ability, in retail fcnsi-
r.«;«*: rr.ast invest at leart $0000; in addition
to salary will chare profits. Address bcx
;^, Call.
WANTED— -Good piano r*ad»r or faker who
'•-.' play for a road shoir for t'.r.gint: and
f.-r. -:r.s: rood salary to rt»rnt party: no
i.-rrjf: towns arcun-i the city. Call or
write to W. J. NEVECKER. 6M Grove st.
WANTED — Men to crepare for railway mall
and custora-houw pesitions. Apply for free
Stalosrae.. Pacific Corresroniience Institute,
¦at t\ig.. lUXi Market st.
"WANTED — L£bcsri?rs an<" mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. R»no Hcuse proprietor, has
•¦id»d 10O new rooms to the D*n»<r House,
2i" Third St.; 250 rocms; 25c to Me per eight.
WANTED — Tcur.g man fcr outside work; must
b* willir^ to hurtle: state previous employ-
rr.ezxls, a«e, r»ferpnoe». Bcx 5C8, CalL
GET vr.ur *ho«»s hilf-«oled while waiting; 25c
to Cue. 571 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St.. Examiner buildicc.
BARBER *hor* 'or sale, doing good business,
r- take r'artner: gickr.^M cau« s»'.lin?; bar-
cain. &¦-« Co'.eman. •500 Mutual Bank bldg.
WANTED — Men to fill S10 rooms at 20c per
r.lirht: clothes closets, hair mattress; electric
Debt in every room. t*l Howard st.
WANTTTD — A rood oyster cpener; $33 and
board to rirkt fr.an. Address Pete's oyster
hcuse. 21 \\. Ean Fernando rt.. San Jose.
MEN — The b»rb*r trade taught free; wage*
after ftrrt week; new method. HAIGHT'S.
«1 Ccmnserclal st.
TRY oar rr.fn'* «=ho»«. uni^n made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot -fora eh&es, $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 5d £t_. Exam. bid. ; opea till 9 p.m.
BARBERS — War.tM. to buy paying tarbtr
shop Addreea 703 Howard St.
FIHST-CL.APS par.tstnaker for th-« oour.try.
Apply RE1S3 BROS. * CO.. 24 Sutter st.
— .
A GOOD block butcher at 331S Mission st
CSEFTJX. coTEpeteat German. liquor store;
t»cd tar; state age and refs. Box 431S, Call.
MESSAGE bry for tea store: wages 14. Apply
£!>> Third st.
WASTED — Tcucg man with $100 for rood
paying !<-g:*.ir£ate bueir.esa. Box 857, Call. |
WANTED — 10 ncn-irnlcn electricians; 9 a. o '
lo 12 m. 4C3 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLAE? barber shep for .sale; doing
good business: owner retiring. 25S4 Market.
MAN to take orders for a newspaper aad
prtntlr.*. Apply 519 Filbert st.
ETRON'C" errand bey. about IS years old, foi
wholesale hcus«. Address box %2l. CalL
TWO young men; barber trade taught frse;
Trage* after first week. 751 Mlssioa st.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents: steady positions. 247 Fifth st.
MEN. learn the barber trace; tuition free to
lucky cr.e. 741 Howard st.
WANTED — Man to learn a gcod trade: paid
while learning. Call C18 Merchant et.
EAILORS and ordinary wiaffl fcr all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, r« Steuart at.
KEN' wanted at 137 3d et.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mla., 75c
SAILORS and young m*n fgreea hands) fcr
chips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law i»s AdjcstiBcst Co., *CS Mantgy., r.413.
REA_ ESTATE-— CITY — POg SAJJ.
THOMA3 MAGES A SON'S,
REAL EaTATB AQENT3.
And PahUshsrst of taa San Ftaa&aco Bcal
Estate Circular,
S MONTGOMERY ST.
FINE PROSPECTIVE BUYS.
$<51.C0O— Near Third and Markst st«.
$eo.WX>— Rents $4<SO a month, from ocly two
tenants; ons tenant under 5 yearsT lea**; clcs*
to Taylor st.; aa especially fia» buy.
$30, COO— Cles« to Vaa Ness; partly tasproTwl;
£ne site for family hotel or aparunrst-hocse.
$57,500— Larga lot on Saasoma st.; pertaaneat
tenant.
$35,000 — Half a 50-vara. right ia towa; tha
site for family hotel or aj-artraent-hous«. *
t*O.t") — Caitfomla-st. ccrner. near Montgom-
ery; good builliEg.
$45.w«>— 50 ft. troat, clo«» ta Market aad 3ta.
$45,000—30 ft. froat, cios* to Maxkat ami
Larkin sts.
$45, GOO — Corner c!os» to Calif oral* and Mont-
gomery; 104 ft- of frontag* on. twa streets.
$45,000— Geary st.. downtown; fin» new
building, with ocly f»j tenants under leases:
goci Income: a positively growing retail busi-
ness locality.
$41.CC0— Comer near OTarrell aad Larkin;
ur.iitr Ieaa« to grocd tenant.
$11.WX>— Corner near Laaveawerth asd EI'.ls; •
nearly 120 ft. of frontage oa two streets; tara-
pcraxy income nearly $150 month.
$40.000— Near Larkia and Sutter; «xe«::*n.t
sized loc and p*rmas«at spaes adjotatag; ls>-
prov«cnent» consist of largsi balldlac and*r
wm
f»0,OCO— V»o Ness eorn«rj mhrtantHJ bsSJ-
• lr.z; Is&sed at $250 a tacath,
$40,000— CIo«» ta nslon fsrry ««?ot* a«ar'7
40 ft. front; coversd wita frara* lnjTrovsraeaa
which pay a good temporary tacorn*
$36,000 — Good lot and fair Improvemeata on
one of the beat streets nortix of Market aad
dose to Maaon.
$35.00O— Geary st.. act far troa Ms sea; r"**i
thre«-8tor7 building.
$33, COO— Gutter it.: norta ¦&«, with n*r
fr;-i*a?»; rixst ta &• family bottl district.
A fine buy.
$32,300—70 fi ot froetag* oa tw* struts;
good brick btrtldrnj;; pays 124CO * y«aj*.
S32.300— ao ft. oC buildinr stt« nir ti» CXty
EalL
$30,000 — Mlssloa rt, eader !?**•( pays orrt
6 per cent now; la a growing locality.
$30,COO— Bush st.; nearly 70 ft. froet by
137:6 deep, with good frarsa hctisea walca pay
7 per cent now. Has the advanta** of havir.*
the slz«. being la a district whera a number
of flats could be bulit and easily r«at«d, or
aa apartzsect-hous* or a fasally hotel.
$2J.COO — Vaa Ness ava. comer; 34 ft. froat;
tn excellent locality.
$27. S00— Stockton st.; half a SO-vmrm; old tra-
proveraents now. Ia a locality whlca Is be-
ing sought aitar and is rabidly tuercas'sa; la
value.
$27.500— Turk st., eot far frota Yaa Ness:
excellent prosp«ctlv« locality; 55 ft. front to
rear street.
$24.0rt>— CSsilfomU*. St.: aearty «O fe«t front.
$20.300^ — Sutter •-.; closa to best aad most
progressive district: very good buililng.
$20,«X) — Fourth st-, 23x73. and lasprovstaeats.
120JKQ — Post •*-, north side, near Leavea-
wcrth7 30 ft. front; large hoase.
$19.000— Good lot aad 4-story frara* bolld-
1ns. cios« to Powsll. north of Market; 5 year*'
lease to one tenant; not m. t**:»r prospacttve
piece cf property.
$17.50O — Post St.. not far from LesiTwrwtjrte ;
two frontasea.
$17.5CO— 27 :« fe-t front on Post rt.
$17,C<X« — Rents $117 a tsontS: extra, larg* lo<:
well adaptei f^r maaufactartris; purpesea.
$13.5<O — Jort«a-st. lot, near Eidy; eheap.
$15.000— Polk-st. ccrner, 40 ft. froat; reata
$75 a moath.
$13.5CO — Bush st. right* dowrto-wa la the
hotel district: with fine large hons#: shott!1
h» improved to conform with the locaJlty and
would pay a goci and steady rite.
$13.CC<^— Turk st. : la the progresstr* portion ;
nearly 30 fe«t frcnt. Cheap,.
$14,000— Near Cill?ornia and Kearny. 40 ft
frnnt- r»nte«l steadily at $73 a moa*h-
$12,300— Hyde it., right la town; excellent
bu>.
J12.C0O — Polk-st. comer; splendid sit» for
stores and sm.iJl flats.
$10.0*» — L*rkln-«-t. corner; two-story build-
In?: rents now $47 3O; one steady tenaat.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 2S PER WE3*X.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lota. Exce'jior Horned ;ad Tract:
I-rel as a billiari table; on gn»d«.- cloae to
fine school and. Mission street electric cars;
bcrard to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fins lots, near
Ocean B^altvartJ : best residence location
south of G^Men Gate Park. Get th« children
cue fcr Christmas.
W. J. WHITE.
2C Montgomery "St.. r. 8. Phoc.» Mara 3704.
THOMA3 MAGEE A SON3.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
S MONTGOMERY ST.
EOWNTOWN.
OVER 73x137:8.
extra large.
near transfer point.
offer invited.
can be divided for 2 buters.
COZY home near park; S lar?r» rooms, larg»
basesjent. servant's room; fine brick man-
tels, conservatory: stable for auto; larsre lot;
all as good ss new; 3 minutest* waOc from 4
car lines. Box 4S71. Call ofSe«.
$275O — LARGE 8-room house. 47 Arlington »t. :
cooM be made into Cats wita very little ex-
pens-?; n?ar Mission and Guerrero st. can:
$1730 mortgage can stand. D. COFTIN. 232*
Mission st.. near Tweaty-grst. '
j.-jfitlO— COTTAGE. 7 roeffis. medarn: lat 25x110;
on McAllister st. J. W. JAQCTPH * CO..
13X3 Market St.. rooms 41S aad 419; teL
Fcl3om 34*3.
$14^0 — TE*!M3 If <5»s!r«3: 3«-ft- front; block
cf 13t!s and Valencta; street wcrk cora;?l««.
The Dnlan Co.. 1O7 Market, opp. *Fraak!?n.
A $2C0O H^l'E built to suit yon, lot lachid^t
any locatlrn. on $1 25 fcer week. Mutual
Home Build'.ng Association. 427 Crossl-y bid.
A NEW 5-rnom. residence. Just completed: s*e
owner. ECS Seventh ave.. Richmond.
$12."0— LOT on Dolores st.. near Twenty-sixth;
23x12.".. Accly K3 Valencia st.
HOUSES bu!!t cheao: p!ans free. Builder,
room 438. Parrott fcuiMiag.
STANT>.>iRD portable shower batni» sold" \>y
AhTbaeh & Mayer, planjb^rs. *.1*5 Haward »t.
SAS StATTJO REAI. ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK — On line of Paa Matso el-ctri-;
car» 43 minutes frcci Fifth aad Market st». :
outside the fo«; belt and Just beyond wh»r»
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutofT" will join
tb» mala line; 30-foct lots from $40u ap;
terms only $!•> dowT» and $10 a rno-nta: atmtr
sad water p'cea ia front of every lot: pu-*
artesiaa w«il water: 175 lots sold s'^<"»
August 1; an eTC^ptioMl opprrtanlty to se-
cure a lot ta this desirab!* section: take t*>»
electric cars and get off. at "LOHITA.
PARK" and investigate: maps s«nt on tp-
plication.
SELBY. RODGER3 A CO..
Te». Main 673. 1H Ca'lforn'a «t
M1I.T. VAt.I.rT T*~*~ *.
J2730 COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath: lot 73xlTO.
L of 40x120; beautiful view cf i?an Frandsro-
and bay; Sunny Heights. S minutes to depot;
sun all day.
For rent— Suit* ot rooms la the new Leal
building, suitable for lawyer, dr-ssmakins:
now rsa«ly for cccupaney- _ ,
S. H. ROBERTS. P.?al Estate. Mill Valley. C*l._
EEA1 E3TAT1! — COmrTBST — ?QT »¦
$1900— RANCH 1* acres, fenced with barb wlrs*
4 acres la white oak timber; 6 acres in apri-
cot orchard; also family orchard: nicely '••
cated la Santa Clara Valley. J. W. JA-
QUITH A CO.. 1312 Market St.. rooms 413
and 419. TeL Folsom 34*a.
SALE or exchanse for city property: sacrifice:
133 acres. Nap* Co.; 6O acres la cultivation:
fruit vtn«s aad grain: fully equipped SUXl
Oaying: beautiful place; gentleman s tore!-.
SHADBURNE. VA Mcctgotaery »t.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEXER3?
S*nd postal for catalogs of "J*^?* vji" 4
baryains la California. C. 3H. WOOSTER CO..
643 Market st. f
SEAL ESTATE TO E3CCgAHGB.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley cr SF prop-rt/
for ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14-13 Bacoa
block. Oakland.
PSOFZXTY WA5TED.
SEVEN or 8 roetn house cr flats wasted:
monthly payments; stat» particulars. 334
Parrott olds;.
TO I-EASS.
STORE to leas* at 111 Ellis st. Apply a:
barber shop.
UOAX NOTICES.
NOTICE la hereby given that th« Cna of
BORJES A BENSON, of 1001 Markat st, has
dixsolved partnership aad hereafter th» firm
w>Il bTknown as GEORGE W. BEN3ON.
All claims agajest BORJES A EENSOX
must be presented by the 23d of November.
I TriLL not be resoonalM* far any dabts con-
tracwd by my wife. MRS.- THERESA WAG-
NER she having; left my bed aad board.
LOCI3 WAGNER.
For Additional Classified AdTwrUUe-
juexxts See Page 14.
,HSI-P WAOTED- MALE- Contiimed.
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
806 Market rt-. room 323, fifth floor.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to S p. n.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $23 week
Stenographer ". $15 week
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $13 week
Tlm*ke*pers $15 week
. Accountant $15 to $25 we«k
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $1S week
Two ehlrpinr clerks $15 week
General office work $15 week
Bank clerk (bond required) $20 week
Young man learn dentistry '...$10 week
SOC Market Et.. room S25. fifth floor.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Builis. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post., G. A. R-
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 roonis; S5c night; reading rooms;
fre* 'bus and barg&ge to and froin. ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
b*en opened at I00S Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. tn.
ALL Bizet tn-n's shoes, slightly damasrd. half
Frtre r.Tl Miwcn st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
THOROUGHBRED running stallion, 13 hands
high, for sale. Address McADAMS BROS.,
Haseldean Cbttajre. Sausalito, Cal.
I FOR sale, cheap, lroa gray horse; weight 1250
pounds; work single or double. Inquire at
113 Welsh St.. near Fourth. R. F. J.
j FINE river bottom r-a'*urage; gr^en feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S. F.
AUCTION *ale cf horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. ra. 327 Sixth st
FOR sale — Ha*i<iscme pony; ride or drive; gea-
tle; $40. I31S Crov st.
NEW and second-hand wagons, bugs1«B, sur-
r»ys ch^ap. 100 Golden Gaf ave. -
TWO fine pandl* top wagons for sale cheap.
1306 Folscm et.
FOR sal<? ct^ap. all kinds of bu*:rpss wagons;
new and second hand. 1WVJ Folsim st.
i ¦ — 1
FOR sale — 3 second -hani express wagons, one
single truck. 2?A Beals et.
WAGONETTES, surreys. tmegieg. warons, har.
ness, work A driving horses. 15th-Valenda.
HOUSES TOJLET.
A — PRINTED list of booses) to let : send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery
FOR rent — Cheap, 7-rootn and bath and base-
ment house. 174S Hyde st. ; gas ami hot
¦w-at»r: very sunny: rent ?2n. Call F. L.
JANE?, room 22t. Mills building.
KOTTSES TO UST— ruaglSHEP.
A MODERN sunny furnished hot*??, 10 rooms.
2 bath?, garden, yarri ; whole, part. 419 Oak.
HOUSES FtTKSTSHED — PCS SALE.
Hcuse cf *• rocms. neatly turn.; all rented; no
reas. effer refused. 902 McAllister, 1 to L
E0TEX.S.
i HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van NeesTave^
This f.rst-class hotel, now beir:« conducted on
American plan, especially for familiee for the
?*ason or year. Location ia unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. Tfce rooms are largp, eunr.y and
cemf ortabTe: superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham.
N. Y.. and M'ana Hotel. Honolulu.
HOUSE-CLEANIKCr OFTICSS.
JAPANESE houiecleanlng company and ehoe-
rrsker. 61S Got-gh n. ; rhsne Howard 3^83
! LOST AHD TQXJJTD,
LOST — Wednesday, between 5:30 and 6:30
p. rn.. on Filitnore cr Castro st. car lines,
ruby and iiar^qt^ti cluster rinj; one ruby sur-
rounded wlthj/ten diamonds; ring was In
white velvet »»*> stamped ''Shreve & Co.";
$*) reward. Return to SHREVE & CO.
LOST— A crown carved Ieatner purse contain-
ing about $S. $3 being In srofd, balance in
rtlvpr: lost en Market et.. between Third and
Fourth, or on EHis-st. car b«t««<a Market
and t^xisaderc et*. Liberal reward if re- |
turned to cashier of The CalL
LOST — A pass bock with the Hlftenrla Savings
and Lean Society of Pan Francisco la the
names of GEOP.GE ZIETGLER or AMALIA
ZIDGLER. No. 2T.5-1213. The finder will
please return to bask.
LOST — Package containing account books and
j-ass Nx>k with California Safe Deposit Co.
Reward returned F— cm 12. 51 Third St.; no
questions.
LOST— On McAllister St., near Flllmore,
lady's white beaded handbax with violet de-
sign. Reward if returned to MRS. W. T
HESS, 1SC2 McAllister st,
LOST — On Jones st.. betm-een Pine and Clar. a
la-iy's watch and pin. Finder will be re-
warded for returning it to 320 Sa.-isome St.,
room 45, cr notifying where owner can call.
LOST — A cast-bock with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name cf CURTIS A. BOLTON. No. 241-
1469. T":« finder will pleas? return to bank.
LOST — Thursday evening on Sacramento St.,
n^ax Made, lady's silver watch. Return to
37M Sacramento et.; reward.
WILL the party who picked up a lady's hand-
bag at the Cosmos restaurant return same
immediately? She is well known.
LOST — Black bow tie, with diamw-d stud.
UATNER. 144 Union Square av«. ; reward.
LOST — A s^rr.e of tennis by a yount; man who
does not chew CHICLETS.
LOST — Irish ftter dog: white streak on chest.
Return to 17S2 Washington St.; reward.
LOST — Diamond locket containing photo; re-
ward. 1^12 Pacific st.
LOST — Tuwiay evening, short black cocker
spaniel do?. Reward if return 1201 Valencia.
LOST— Lady's gold watch: Initials "E. J. F."
Return to 902 Oak St.; reward.
3LATJWCHES FOB HTBE,
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st. ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush £34.
an-QiCAiK.
LADIES who are In trouble, or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their eex. can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees rt'.ief cr no Day.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When In
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at- !
tentica and no danger; I guarantee prompt I
results or no charge. Room 1; est. 14 y»ars
Dli. E. G. WEiT. office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male t-onbles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SH Market st.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
. complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years* experience. »44 Post St.
MP,S. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' bd«-
Cia'int. has returned from Europe; 25 years' •
experience In female ccmplalnts without a I
failure; no operation, no drags; when others
fail see the doctor and be content. Maternl-
i ty Home. 412 Taylor st.. near Geary.
i DR. G. W. O'DOXXELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femal*
ccmplalnts; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
OXYGKN masssjre treatments cure all nerr^
c's troubles. Office 320 Starr King bldr
121 C-arr st.: MRS. HOLSHOUSEK. Magi
netic Specialist.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
st.;relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
A wcrd to the wist Is sufficient.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. TeL East 687.
DR. aad MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method cf treatment. 1128 Market.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never falls;
$2. '~ileaaon-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 23SS Folsom St..' corner
2Cth: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
MATTBrSSXS AITD WLLOWa
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKQ
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.: phone South 216.
* loa-a-uS AJSTD toXetxaO.
"WANTED^ — Party with, $500 to Join promoters
In a new Golddeld mining company; choice
property secured, assaying $36 a ton, 619
Market «C. room 10.
aiTJSICAI. IHSTBTrarEirrS — Contlaaed.
SEW upright pianos sold on *¦" monthly pay-
ments. SCHM1TZ A CO.. Id McAllister at.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
ghonlnger. little used. Keege's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
•g trass s.
SECOND ave. 734, near Fulton — Home and.
care for invalids and for mental and nervous
cases: phone Page 2505.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tings, bagglness of eyes or any blemish oX
the face. Mme. Gilllngham invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other in this
city; demonstrator can be seen daily. 143
Stockton St.; writs for booklet.
M. ELLA HARRIS. French liquid powd-r;
tfves face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster: a great
favorite with actresses: will not rub off: send
¦ only $1 and test it for yourself. M. Ella Har-
ris. chemist and akin specialist. V.28 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at drusgrists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Ramedy Co.,1338 Fo:k.
DR. ROWELL" S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
core throat, etc. Sold by all drugsists for
over 20 years: prtce 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St.. S. F.
"REXRADIO'S" ads, this column. Sunday,
will greatly Interest you. Come to "Sun-
day's" free lectures and "public" healing,
2 and 8. 7S3H Market st.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, «*rtab.
1830. 2122 FITlmore St. *. phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 SO
flown and *1 30 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 34O Post st., near PowelL
DETECTIVE — Private detective: all classes le-
gitimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS. S16 O'Farrell. Pione Sutter 2634.
WILL the successful physician kindly allow
his fev«r patient to try CHICLETS to keep
the mouth moist?
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wairner, S50 Market.
H. ANDERSON, 26 O'Farrell st.— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 CO.. the tallora. 729 Market st-
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEM03. 1127
Market St.. bet Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1044 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.SS.
TAILOR-MADE snlt 17 50; dresa pants 12 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE coetumes play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores pray
hair to It* natural color. tl at all druggists'.
PHYSICIANS AHD SXTRQEOKS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 H Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases* of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073*4 -Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG 'HIM. herb doctor*,
treats all dlseaj-es of the human body; for
past four years at' 115-117 Mason st_, now lo-
cated at 607 Geary «t.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, th« famous) herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese berbsi 746-9 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's-
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sntter.
PAPEBHAJOIBO. VAXSrriBQ. ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 1067 McAllister St.; tel. Fell 2403.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA,' at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market St.
MONET TO liOAW. _
— MANHATTAlf LOAN COMPANY One) —
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5«* AND *J PEK CKNT
CTTT OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
E"»ccnd rrortsagss, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, prcbate realty leans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests tn property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bide.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlementa; no disappointments.
Cave expenses by dealing directly.
Ertate. second tncrt£ag;«*s, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests tn property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Eee HERMAN MURPHT.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate
- In city, town cr country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full Darticular8
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS —
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity cr Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call And get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; do
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages cr on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Oary. room 38.
HIGHLY pespectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
9C6 Market; tel. MaU 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 44
- principal cities. Tolman. S53 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.,
r.ear Market.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 23 Stockton St..
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc.. at
2 per cent per month.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
ccm. ; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 523 Parrott bl«J.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos ;no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; *^>ld. silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious ctones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward: rea-
sonable Interest. A. O. Colton, 717 Mllla bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
cenfd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you sea
as. Button Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
ETAIt Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, MS Kearny.
S % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 31. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorrer MORRELL. 008 Examiner building.
JUSCELLAITEODS— FOE SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bouj-ht, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
' H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beaie st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins tor saJa on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
.UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton «t.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear St.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st-'
VICTOR phonograph aad B dozen records; flrst-
' clasa condition; bargain. Box 859, Call.
- . — [ (Each Sack Inclosed in Paper Bag)
L/ "" *%j) Given Away With Every Want,
/ \ Ad at Our Office. Or if Preferred,
ISM \ wm Be Delivered to Your Home
/ S^SlWiPi 1 I £yjnf HlrW 1 ' \ SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR is a new flour that has
/ V^j^lJ^ljl'fi f| v* *• F H fc» i|r gay 1 proven a tremendous success. Every detail of its raanu-
/ C^*^^r /^ y$ *jL |F 1 facture is most carefully watched from FIELD TO
I Wvrl s* t vy, >iQ \ FAMILY. It is so named because it is highest in quality,
I |Py /f ' i jjp \ /*v. 17* in color, in strength and in purity, and is always uniform.
I yS^V-f \w <SL SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR offers an extraordinary
I 0^[^ .'<¦ a \^ v v ' • P re rnium to every consumer. Dividend stock without lia-
I 4&lM : l^ bility is given to every purchaser. For every four names,
I >^SS?0^f&^< "SUMMIT SNOW,"' cut from the top of sack and pre-
-^M \ 5^^^^^ *>f sented to the office of the Standard Flour Co., 133 Spear
1%M • sir eet, one share of dividend stock will be given. Each
iilwJlil& shareholder will receive a dividend of from 8 to 20
jjsifcg?*' /~7)7l~fi (X^ ) /~V~7/~}nt^& ' c Standard Flour Co. is incorporated for $1,000,-
*^^ C\/7f7r^ / 7f~^^[Jllir > j/hf[£}jl^&^^' ' I 000, and an energetic campaign of publicity and .sale has
{rjUVfffjf(/MAJj*** ' I been begun. Thousands of dollars will be distributed an-
** ' nually to stock-holding consumers. Bring your Want Ads
LIZ!} IMDRAVPO UjmA PRHPP^^ * I to our office and get a ten-pound sack free of this NO. 1
|p25* .rirnuvcu |pj -"^J^^"^ . first-class family flour.
ta#fes^ u lifsflay, Ffij cr SattT
\ SAN FRANCISCO '/ ,,,,
1 EXCLUSIVE 0rSTRl8UTORS '[ ISlC Owl^sO«r\ X C B //\L/lw
-?for.^ f I :
I STANDARD FLQUR CO. 11 call business office
J . \\ Third and Market Streets
-_L- — ! . Oakland Office - • - 1016 Broadway
TRADE MASK ¦ J .
PAETSffiBS WA3T2D.
"WANTED — Good partner for barber shop. 641
Seventh st-. Oakland.
ygBCfgAsiao ASEgcrES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
•d. 305 Larkin St.. room 4»: tel. South 319.
ALAMEDA APTEBT ? S'3TTS
AXAMEPA BBATj ESTATE.
$2200 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms; batb and
bajement: chicken houses: lot 25xl5O. J. W.
JAQUITH & CO.. 1312 Market St., rooms 413
&mi 411). Tel. Foisom £4f».
WHO wants a beautiful and complete new C-
room cottage, worth $tC0O: now fcr sale for
$1250; lot 5CxlC«: location first class. O**xer
1243 Park st. Alameda: terms $*0O cash.
$9 to let. or for sale $1000 — Four-room cottage.
3 Peaae ave.. Alameda: narrow gauge ferry.
BERKELEY ADYEKT ? S'NTS
,^^BEKKE1LEV REAX ESTATES.
—$:1SCQ—
A CHOICE home 00 Delaware St., Berkeley; 3
rocms and bath: tot 40x135: new and modern;
sunny exposure; tine view; «asy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
.REALTY RONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.),
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st.
Oakland.
FOR sale — Mcdern 6-room house, nearly netr,
near North Berkeley station; price $1500;
easy t°rms. Apply to owner, O. G. MAY,
2231 Cedar St.. Berkeley.
$3150 — NEW. mooeril. 7-rocm house: 15 min-
utes from North Berkeley station: hi«!i
ground: fine view. R. A. BERRY A CO..
Pcstcfflce block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVEKT'S'JUXS
OFFICE. 10ia BROADWAY.
OAKT-A2TP BEAI* ESTATE.
OAKLAND PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$2400 — Reduced from J29U0; owner and
builder financially embarrassed ; must sell;
cottage of 5 rooms, bath; all modern con-
veniences, with 9- foot basement, constructed
so as to be made into a flat of 5 rooms
more: lot large and sunny; right near Key
Route station at Fortieth and San Pablo;
only 27 minutes to San Fracc'sco; terms. $330
cash, balance mortgage at low rate of In-
terest. Remember, the house is new. mod-
ern; first -cUbs. First con* flm served.
J. 3. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
AN exceptional opportunity to secure a strictly
up-to-date and first-class apartAent-hoase,
centrally located, en a prominent corner; Iarga
net Income, which can be Increased: long
lease; parties with highest references only
need apply. HARRY L. HOLCOMB. 214
San Pablo ave., Oakland. Cal.
FOR sale — On Peralta Heights. East Oakta-.d
choice lot, 70x130 feet; sunny southern ex-
posure; all street work and sidewalk com-
plete: 3 blocks from the boulevard and lake-
2 blocks from new Key route car line with-
out change to ferry; 45 minutes to> San Fran-
cisco; low price If sold this month. B. H
WELCH & CO.. Ftfta are. and Eighteenth
st. Oakland.
WE have clients looking for Investments In
Oakland property. If you have either houses
or lots for sale call at our office or mail us
full descrlction and trice.
C. E. REED,
468 Eleventh st. Oakland.
$55CO— AN elegant S-roona house. and modern
bath, and let 50x100: all Improved In lawn
and cement walks; noose is elegantly car-
peted and mostly furnished with first -class
furciture; positively a sacrifice. Se« owner.
R. E. CALLAHAN. 28 Montgomery it.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In PleoTniont-
Cne neighborhood: good location: near car
line; will sell cheap: must b<* seen to be t>
prertated. Apply to E. MORRIS. C7S 3«th »c
OAgLA-NP rTTBaiTU&E TOM gAT/ *T
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Sciielhaas, 11th st ( cor.store,Oaklaa4
jttISCEI.I > AirEOUS — FOB SALS Cos.
DOES YOUR^ROOF~LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or iron
root? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and f#r valleys gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterlte Rooflnjr Co.. 71."i Market.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton gt. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form sboes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog; free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMERS 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
HEN pigeons, runts, crosses, homers, etc.;
stamp - for catalogue. C. WILSON °°J>
Stevenson st.
MODES* office glass partition, with large
sample shrine. Room 415, Italian-American
Bank bldg. ; appointment.
HANDSOME long Isabella bear boas- accept
$13; also white fox stole. 1006 Hal^ht st.
DEEP- WELL drilling outfit: steam power.
William Edward & Co.. Ill Fremont st.
STOVES disconnected and connected- $2 50-
plumblng.gasHtng.409 McAllister ;tel. Mint 3CC6
WANTED — Buyer for second-hand furniture
. books and clothing. 100 Fifth st.. room 10.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade-
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., C23 Market at.
Wallpaper. 3%c: paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merlgan. 1302 Webster;tel. Steiner 3CI1.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN*, 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door aash.
__plumb. material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market
FULL line of drummers* samples In grips and
trunks; for gale cheap at 25 Stockton St.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75 crJ
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $Z0; terms ~$5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting. nalntlne.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged T^ D*
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental-
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st. '
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches*
all slzeg. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
MISCTEI.IiAirEOtrS WAKT3.
AAAMA — Buys any amount good second-hand j
clothing; special price for fancy ladles* and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3S22.
AAAAA— Highest price* for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel Davis SZS, 650 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL -EBIiR & CO.. room 403, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3030.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessl« 3318.
Levy & Rjdler. highest price for gents* cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544, 618- Washington.
l^SICAI. IJSTBTrMEgTS.
ARISTOCRAT among ptanos-rthe Gabler;
eldest, exclusive, high-class piano In Amer-
ica; over 50,000 sold In the past 50 years.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st_. S.
F.; 1252 Broadway, Oakland; manufacturers
of the Peerless Heine; largest stock and
greatest variety; Installments and rents $2
, up; prices from $25 to $1CGO.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAIN'S:
Mussard— Small upright, fine order.
Fischer— Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling— Mahogany case; used 1 year '
Chlckering— Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new.
'from $95 up: easy payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ St SON. 16 OTa-rell st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. S60 Hayes st
ELEGANT uprlghts.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Pierce' s Piano Factory, Market A 14th sts.
$90 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly n«w; a snap.
HORNUNO. 216 McAllister .st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st
FLOUR filVPN WITH FACH 5MAI I - AD — — EU 11 h-^ TSTTtlWANTS APPROPRIATION MADE.— The
City Realty Company has petitioned the Su
pervisors to appropriate funds to perform
street work, in front of city, property, on
First, Second. Third and Sixth avenues, be
tween I street and ¦ Parnassus avenue, and on
Parnassus avenue, between First and Second
avenues. r"3f&j!NEi
FRESNO, Nov. 18. — In an uninter
esting game Seattle won from Tacoma
to-day by the score of 5 to 3. Thomas
of Tacoma was an easy mark, fifteen
being the number of hits taken off his
arm. His poor pitching .made, the
game all Seattle. Tacoma did not get
a look In until the ninth inning, when
Raymer got a dinky single when three
men were cm bases, scoring two runs.
Williams, pitching for Seattle, did fair
work. Score: '/ •
Seattle — i Tacoma —
' AB.R. H. P.A.) AB.R. H. P.A.
Van H.cf 5 14 2 0 Doyle, rf 4 0 0 3 1
Mohlr, 2b 3 0 2 1 5 Ehehn, 3b 4 1 2 3 2
Dlhty. 3b 4 12 1 4 Casey, 2b 4 1 1 4 1
Frisk. If 5 2 1 2 0 Nrdyk.lb 3 1 2 10 0
Blkshp.c 3 12 4 3 Lynch, cf 4 0 1,1 0
Smith, rf 4 ! 0 1 1 0 Raymer.s 4 0 112
Fremn,lb 4 0 2 15 0 M'Lgn, if 4 0 0 2 0 '
R.Hall. s 4 0 1 1 4 Grahm. c2 0 0 2 2
Wlllma, p 4 0 0 0 1 rhomas.p 3 0 0 O 4
Totals. 36 K IB 27 IT Totals. 32 3 7*26 12
•Mohter out; hit by batted ball. ¦
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 2—5
Base hits 1 0 2 10 2 2 2 5—15
Tacoma 0 0 0 01 0 0 0 2 — 3
Base hits .11 0010103—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen baaes-^-Mohler, Nordyke 2. Errors— '
Blankenshlp. Casey 2, Graham, Thomas. Two
base , hit— Nordyke. Double play — Doyle to
Sheehan to Casey. -Sacrifice hits — Delehanty,
Blankenshlp, Smith. Struck out — By Williams
S, by Thomas 2. Bases on balls — Off Williams
1. off Thomas 1. Hit by pitched ball— Mohler
2. Graham. Left on bases" — Seattle 8, Tacoma
4. Time of game — One hour and forty-five min
utes. Umpire — Perrlne. /
Seattle Batsmen Secure Fifteen Hits
Off the Tiger Twirler.
THOMAS AX EASY »IARK.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 18.— Lieutenant
Governor Alden Anderson, who has
been filling the executive chair during
the absence of Governor Pardee from
the State, listened to a lengthy argu
ment to-day In the matter of the war
rant for the requisition of George E.
Letcher of San Jose, who Is wanted in
Williams County, Ohio, upon a charge
of arson. Letcher was represented by
several attorneys from San Francisco,
who put up such a vigorous fight
against the honoring of the requisition
that Acting Governor Anderson post
poned action in the matter for two
weeks.
A requisition properly drawn up was
presented to the Acting Governor by
Officers Garrett Fox and C. E. Goodell
of Ohio. The papers stated that Letcher
had been indicted by the Grand Jury
of Williams County for the crime of
arson committed on January 4, 18S4.
Letcher resisted the requisition on the
ground that he was not in Ohio on the
date stated.
Vigorous Opposition to Warrant for
Requisition for Alleged Incendiary
Causes Postponed.
100 Bullion 24 100 Potosl 10
400 Caledonia .... 51 200 Savage 25
800 Cbollar 16 900 Sierra Nev. ... 44
400 Con Cal & V.2 15 300 Silver Hill.... 53
50 Con Cal & V.2 10 400 Union Con 5fl
300 Gould & Cur. 13 30<» Utah 09 .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. i
Bid. Ask. I ¦ Bid. Ask. j
Alpha 13 14|Julla 05 07 |
Alta 06 071Justice> 05 07 1
Andes 25 27 Kentuck 02 03 |
Belcher 21 23 Lady Wash . . 02 04 .
Best & Belch.l 10 1 15! Mexican 1 15 1 20 j
Bullion 24 25] Occidental ... 77 SO
Caledonia.... 50 52iOphir 3 25 2 30 '
Challenge ... 14 15!Overman ...... 12 15
Chollar 16 17lPotosl 10 12
Confidence ... 85 l>0| Scorpion Oft 07 ;
Con Cal & V.2 10 2 lSISavajre 25 26 j
Con Imperial. — OllSeg Belcher... 06 OS I
Con NY.... 03 05! Sierra Nev 44 45!
Crown Point.. 17 IStSilver Hill 62, Bt j
Eureka Con.. — B0! St. Louis .... . — ' 07 .
Exchequer-.. 45 40! Syndicate .... 0.T Of, ' 4
E. Sierra Nev 03 05 j Union Con 59 B7 1
Oould & Our. 12 14lUtah 09 10 :
Hale & Norc. 6rt 67| Yellow Jacket. IS 19
TON'OPAH AND GOLDF1ELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
30O Cent Eureka.l 50 40ft ruy & O'Brien OS
20f» Gold Anchor. 20 500 Red Top 12
lOCC MacNamara . 25 BOn Ton Midway.. 37
100 Mont Ton ...1 70 5CK» Ton Ohio 32 I
* Afternoon Session.
ROOrt Brunswick . . 12 1000 MacXamara . . 2*
100" Goldflfld Mhk 18 300 Ray & O'Brien 08
SOrt Jumbo 60 50<» Red Top 12
40« Jumbo 61 700 Ton Midway.. 33 !
im Jumbo 62 20O Ton of Nev. 8 87% I
10<> Gold Anchor. 20 1000 Ton N Star... 17
10(1 Mont Ton ...1 70 1000 Ton N Star... 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.AEk. Bld.Ask.
Ton of Nev — 9 12% Rescue 08 10 :
Mont Ton . ..1 *5 1 75 Ton & Cal 16 20
Ton Exten . .1 R0 2 001 Ray & O'Brien — 07*
MacNamara . 24- I'lil Paymaster ... 02 04
Ton Midway.. 37 30 r;tttle Ton ..45 —
Ton Belmont.. 6ft 72 Esperanza .... 01 02
Ton N Star... 17 18 Oold Anchor.. 20 —
West End . 13 — Qulncy ... 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. 10 18 N Y Ton Con. 10 12
Goldfield. .¦¦/•.¦-'?
Sandstorm ..12 15 Jumbo ...... 60, 65
Red Top 11 13 Jumbo Ex .. Iff 22
GoMfleM Mbk 10. —Vernal Mln ..00 II
Columbia.... — 20 Goldfleld — 58
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. -
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah. Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
«X» Bullfrog Min. 49! 2W< Jumbo «
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 51 vlC» Mont Ton ...1 75
1000 Bullfrog Min. 50 1300 N Y Ton Con. 12
1000 Esperanza ... 01 500 Red Top 12
30CO Goldfleld Min 57 500 Ton Belmont.. 69
1000 Goldfleld Mln 15#l 250 Ton Belmont.. 70
lOOrt GMfli Red' L. ."Ml 100 Ton Belmont. . 71
200 Jumbo 58 100 Ton Gold Mt. 1R
1000 Jumbo '. . rinm.V) Ton Midway. . •. 37
500 Jumbo cel.r.oo Ton Midway.. 38
Afternoon Session.
1000 Adams lOllOOO N Y Ton Con. 12
1000 Goldfleld Mln fiSllOOrt Red Top ..... 12
ROO Jumbo Ex . . 20[ BOO Ton Belmont.. 71
20O Jumbo ...'...¦ 041 1OOO Ton Belmont.. 72
2000 MacNamara . 24 1200 Ton Midway.. 37
500 MacNamaxa . 25 600 Vernal Mln . . 10
300 Mont Ton ...I 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Aak. Bld.Ask.
Adams'...;.. 00 . — MacNamara .. 24 ¦ 25 j
Black Ants.. — 10 Mlzpah Ex . . 05 — '
Black Butte. . 17 18 Mont Ton ...1 70 1 75
Blue Bull M. — 27 N Y T Con M. 11 13
Booth M Co. 12 — Paymaster ... 02 04 j
Bullfrog Min. 61 — Ray-Exten .. 05 07'
Columbia.... — 22 Ray & O'Brien 05 10
Dlamondfleld. . 20 — Ray Ton .... — 14 |
Esperanza ... — 01 Red Top 11 12 1
Gipsy. Queen. — 20 Rescue ... . 00 ' 10 1
Goldfleld B Bl — 15 Rothwell G M. 10 60 ;
Goldneld B&B — 11 Sandstorm ... 14 17 \
Goldfleld Dmd — 20 Ton & Cal 10 — i
Gldfld Gt Bnd 05' — Ton Cash Boy. — 12
Goldfield Mln 58 — ITomExten .. —1 f>",
Ooldfleld Mhk — 20' Ton . Gold Mt. i7. 18
Gldfld Red.L. — " OfljTon Midway.. 3« 37
Gold Mt Con.- — 0?lTon of -Nev.S 75 R 87%
Hazel Kirk .. — 121 Ton N St«r... 16 —
Jim Butler .. — 65! Ton * S Lake 45 ¦'' —
Jumbo '..:.'.. .62 fill Ton - Union .. — 11
Jumbo Ex ..' — ' 20IT7nited Ton ; .. — OR
Little Ton .. — 531 Vernal Min V.t. 00 H
Luckv Tom.. — 101 West End .... 13 —
Etolen bases — Chase. Newton. Errors —
Schlafley, btrelb 2. Home run — Moskiman.
Two-base hits — Flood 2, Bernard, Smith 2. Dun
leavy. Sacrifice hits — Chance. Toman. First
base on errors — Los Angeles 2. Left on bases
— Los Angeles 7, Oakland 6. First base on
called balls — Off Newton *, off Moskiman 2.
Struck out — By Newton 2, by Moskiman 3.
Time of game — One hour and forty-five min
utes. Umpired Brown and McDonald.
Los Angeles 00140000 x— 5
Base hits 11150101 x— 10
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0—2
Base hits 0 0 1 01 2 2 1 1—8
SUMMARY.
Totals. 32 5 10 27 0" Totals. 35 2 8 24 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles — I Oakland —
AB.R. H.P.A.j AB.R. H.P.A.
Brnrd, cf 3 1 2 R 0 Ganly. rf 4 0 0 2 0
Flood 2b 4 1 2 3 2 Frncks, s 4 0 0 1 2
Smith. 3b 4 1 2 0 3. Dnlvy. If 3 0 2 0 0
Chnce. lb 2 0 0 11 0 Rchlfly,2b 4 0 13 2
Crvath.rf 4 0 0 0 0 Kruger.cf 4 0 0 4 0
Chase, if. 4 0 1 4 0 Stretb. lb 4 0 1 6 O
Toman, s 3 0 1 0 3 Devrx. 3b 4 0 0 1 0
Spies, c 4 1 0 4 01 Byrnes. c4 1 2 6 2
Newton,p 4 12 0 1 Mskimn.p 4 12 14
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 18. — Moski
man's home run In the seventh inning,
with one man on a base, gave Oak
land the only runs they scored off
Newton to-day and saved them from
a shut-out. Los Angeles won by
heavy and opportune batting and
clean fielding. Moskiman was ham
mered for four runs in the fourth In
ning on consecutive hitting by five of
the local batters. Score:
Hammer Pitcher Moskiman for Four
Runs in' the ¦Fourth Inninsr.
ACTING GOVERNOR .DELAYS
ACTION IN LETCIIER CASE
ANGEL BATSMEN HIT HARD.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pace Fifteen.
Ella M. Leigh (wife of E. A.) and Margaret
E. Lees to Edward T. and Ellen C. Tanner,
lot on N line of Randall street. 2S2:9 E of
Chener— N 133 by E 30 block 29 same; $10
G. B. and P. Carrie Gllman to Walter
T. Blvlns. lot 15. block F/. French . and Gllman
Tract*; $10. " • .
- Franz A. Roddatz to James C. and Margaret
O"Brlen. lot on S line of Fifteenth avenue 178
Tillie and M. J. Rudolph Mohr to Alberta
Bell, lot on NE corner of Le« street and Hol
loway avenue, E 50 by N 100. lots S and 9,
block F. Lakevlew; $10.
Henry A. Linn to Mary Linn, lots 43 and 44,
block 21, Sunnyside; gift.
Hattie B. Steele to Anna-D. Joost. lot on
SE corner ftf Montana and Marengo streets, E
100 by S 125, bkek T, Railroad Homestead;
|10.
Charles S. Capp to Hattie B. Steele. same;
$10. v
Anna D. Joost to Edward P. McGarry, same;
$10. /
Jane E. and Sebastian Lintner to Frank X.
and Margaret O. Lintner, lot on XE line of.
Sixteenth avcr.ue, 50 NW of K street. NW 25
by NE 100, block 309. South San Francisco
Homestead; gift.
Julius C. Rels to Bay Shore Water Com
pany, lots 4 to «, block 67. lots 1 to 3. block
30. Rela Tract; grant.
Franklin R. and Emma L. Smith to Jacob
F. Kem, lot on SB line of Naples street 275
NB of ' Russia. NE 60 by SE 100, block 66,
Excelsior Hom«e.tead; $10.
Albert C. Aiken to George and William
O'Brien, lot on NW line of Dwlght street, 20
NE of GIrard. NE 25 by NW 100, University
Mound, quitclaim deed; $5.
George and William O'Brien to Leopold
Weinsteln, same; $10.
Frnnk Monteverde or Montevaldo to Giovanni
or John Montevalod, undivided half of lot
on E line of San Bruno road. 100 S of Bur-,
rows street S 75 by E 100. block C, Haley
Purchase ; $5.
Edw^ud T. and Ellen C. Tanner to Ella M.
Leigh (wife of K. A.) and Margaret K. Lees,
lot on N line of Randall street. 289 E of
Chenery. N 133. E 24, S 133. W 30, block 29,
Falrmount; $10.
William G. and Amada L. Smith to Jacob
Heyman Company, lot on NW line of Paris
street, 275 BW of Persia, SW 25 by N 100,
block 11, same; $10.
Mary J. afcd John Sheanon to Philip and
Mary Mullane, lot on W line of Folsom street,
ICO S of Seventeenth, S 24 by W 122:6; $10.
R. S. and F. A. Browne to H. B. GIlllB, lot
on N line of Washington street. 30 E of Wash
ington place (146:3 E of Dupont street), N
100 by E 37 :S; $10.
Edgar C. Chapman to William Edwards, lot
on W iin« of Stockton street. 68:0 S of Cali
fornia, S GS:9 by W 137:6; $10.
Augustus II. and Martha Green to Sydney
H. Peddar and R. H. Lloyd (trustees estate
of William A. Green), lot on SE corner of
O'Farrell and Jones streets, S 75, E 37:6, N
25 W IS*. N 50, W 18:6; also lot on E line of
Jones street, 75 S of O'Farrell. S 25 by E
€0- also lot on SE line of Howard street, 362:6
NE of FoiV> NE 25 by SE 100; $10.
Julia E. Kelly to Hugh J. Farrelly. lot on
SW line of Morris street, 155 SE of Bryant,
SE 20 by SW 75; S1O.
Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt (Howard) and Elfin
O. Heydenfeldt (Howard) to Peninsula Invest
ment Company, lot on R comer of Howard and
Eljrhth street* NE 137:6 by SE 137:0; $10.
Peninsula Investment Company' to Nellia
Clark, same; $10.
Frank H. Gould to Jacob V. Peteraen. lot en
E line of Rhode Island street, 50 N of Twenty
fifth. N 25 by E 100; $425.
George A. and Angelina Nlcholls to "William
Havani and Juhn E. Hill, lot on E line of
Fourth avenue," 200 S of Lake rtreet, S 25 by
E 120; $10.
Amelia and E. S. Benning to O. M. Gregory,
lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, 172 N of
California. S 20 by E 120; $10.
Emma Moore (wife) to Charles F. Moore, lot
on E line of Eleventh avenue, 100 N of Cle
ment street, N 25 by E 120; $1.
Addle S. Ellis to William Peacock, lot on
W line of Sixth avenue, 126 N of K street, N 25
by W 120; $10.
Alta C. Studloy to William M. de Wolf, lot
on S line of B street, 32:0 E of Tenth avenue,
E 25 by S 100; $10.
Emma and Alphonzo Harrington to James
and Krmlnia McLean, lot on E line of Sixth
avenue. l.'tC N of I street, N 25 by B 120; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to William Q.
Smith, lot on NW line of Paris street, 325 SW
of Persia. SW 25 by NW 100, block 11, Eaccel
elor Homestead; <10.
William and Ada Havard and John E. and
Margaret C. Hill to George A. and Angelina
Nlcholls, lot on S line of Sacramento street,
192:6 W of Laurel, W 27:6 by S 132:7m *10-
Eliza Montague to John Seeba. . lot on N
line of Pine strtet. 181:3 E of Lyon, E 25 by
N 137 :G; $10.
E L. and Josephine R. Hoag to Maurice
Echimetschck. lot on N line of Halgfrt street,
175 E of Ashbury. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Max J. Brandcneteln (truBtee estate of Al
bert S. Ro6enbaum) to Mary F. Lane (wife of
Frederick J.), lot on S line of Vallejo street,
165 E of Pierce, E 30 by S 137:6; $10.
George TV. Armbruster to Daniel A. McCol
gan. lot on N line of Vallejo street. 100 W of
Larkin W 25 by N 120; flO.
Estrflla C. Lies to Edward A. Lesser, lot on
N line of Hayes street, 76:6 E of Octavla,
E 01 by N ll!0; 510. • . '
- Peninsula Investment Company to Nelila
Clark, lot on NW corner of Webster and Geary
streets, W 'J8:9 by N 115; flO.
FRIDAY. NOV. 18.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Stolen bases — Beck. Drennan. Corbett, Van
Buren. Irwin. Errors — Corbett. Runkle. Stark
ells. Two- base hits — Nad«-au, Waldron. Three
base hit— Wheeler. Sacrifice hits— Runkle. Ir
win, Van Buren Gochnauer. Firet base on
errors — San Francisco 2. First base on called
balls— Off Corbett 1, oft Starkells 5. Left on
bases — Portland 4, San Francisco 7. Struck
out— By Corbett 11. by Starkelis 2. Hit by
pitcher — Irwtn. Double plays — Beck to Spen
cer to Frary; Runkle to Spencer to Frary.
Passed balls — Gorton 2. "Wild pitch — Stark
ells. Time of cam« — One hour and fifty min
utes. Umpire — Christie.
SUMMARY.
Portland 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 3
Base hits 210111010—7
San Francisco ..000100011—3
Base hits 0 0 0 1 1 00 1 1—4
San Francisco— I Portland — •
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Hildbd. If 5 1 0 p ODrnan.cf 4 12 2 0
Meany.rf 3 0 110 Mrdck. rf 4 1 1 1 0
Irwin, 3b 0 1 0 0 liRunkle.s 3 0 114
VnBn. lb 3 0 0 7 O.Beck. 3b 4 0 1 2 3
Waldn.cf 3 0 11 0 Frary.lb 3 1 O 11 0
Andsn.2b 3 0 O 1 6 Spncr, 2b 4 0 0 4 4
Gochnr. a 2 0 1 3 0 Ndeau. If 4 O 2 2 O
Oorton.c. 3 0 1 12 1 Kalky, c 4 0 .0 3 2
Corbt. p 4 0 0 2 4 Strkls, p 3 0 0 0 1
••Whler.. 11100
Totals.33 3 7*28 14
Totals. 27 3 5 27 12
••Hildebrand out; hit by batted ball.
•Batted for Gochnauer in ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Special Officer Pickell had followed
the murderers nearly four blocks, when
they stopped near I«afayette and Third
streets and shot him through' the
body. The bullet entered his abdomen
and passed out near the backbone.
Having fired several more shots and
effectively intimidated the pursuing
crowd, the fugitives escaped in the di
rection of the railroad yards that He
west of the Michigan Central and Union
depots.
DKTROIT, Nov. 18. — Patrolman John
Daley was shot down and killed about
midnight by one of two burglars, whom
he detected at work In the rear of Wil
liam Dledrich's store at 75 Michigan
avenue, and Herbert II. Pickell, a spe
cial officer for the Michigan Central
Railroad, was shot through the abdo
men and probably fatally Injured when
he ran to the policeman's assistance.
The murder occurred in tho heart of
the business district of Detroit in an
alley back of the corner of Michigan
avenue and Wayne street.
Patrolman Daley's revolver waa
found within a few feet of the store
window, which the burglars had partly
opened. Daley had evidently turned to
follow his assailants after he had re
ceived a mortal wound, as he fell on
his face a few yards off In the direction
which his assailants had taken.
One Killed and the Other
Seriously Injured in the
Business Part of Detroit
OFFICERS SHOT
BY BURGLARS
The Brownies were quick to land
on the offerings of Brother Joe for a
pair of runs in the initial spasm. The
Seals held aloof till the fourth, when
a series of hits, a boot by Runkle and
a couple of sacrifices let them have a
run. Cap Irwin tied it up in the
eighth by walking, stealing and ar
riving on Waldron's double over third.
Corbett walked Frary in the ninth.
Gorton let the next ball go through
him, sending Frary. to second. Spen
cer lined a slow one to Brother Joe.
He recklessly threw the ball out into
left field while trying to catch Frary
off third arid the latter came around
the turn with the one that looked like
a winner.
When Wheeler came up in the ninth
to take a wallop at the ball in place
of Gochnauer the fans felt glad.
Their gladness was transformed into
frenzy when little Georgie soaked the
first ball pitched out to the farthest
corner of the lot for a three-bagger.
Gorton flew out to Frary. Starkells
grew so elated that he executed a wild
pitch and let Wheeler shoot in. The
score:
There was too much dusk in the
vicinity of Recreation Park yesterday
afternoon after the ninth inning to
permit of any more baseball, so Um
pire Christie wisely bade the tossers
go to dinner and the fans to do like
wise. Both teams had amassed three
runs .and both were anxious to quit
when the umpire gave them the office.
There were several incidents of the
battle which do not happen every day
In ball games. For instance, Joe
Corbett winged eleven Brownies out
on strikes and then did the best he
could to toss the game away In the
ninth spasm. Wheeler came to the
rescue in the ninth with a great three
bagger and scored the run that cre
ated a deadlock when Starkells com
mitted a rank wild pitch.
W. L. Pet. 1 W. I* Pet.
Los Angeles. 55 42 .567 Seattle 50 52 .490
Oakland 5S 45 .503 San Fran'co.46 51 .474
Tacoma 67 4« .553 Portland 35 «i .300
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
RENO, Nov. 18.— Barney 'Oldfleld. the
automobiliat. came within three Inches
of losing his life on the Southern Pa
clflc Railroad reservation here to
night. He attempted to cross in front
of an approaching train which was
running at full speed. He was in his
large touring car. Charles Short and
Mart Johnson were riding with him.
The rider saw the train coming, but
decided to beat it. He pulled the
throttle of the machine wide open and
made a dash for the track. The next
moment the train was apparently upon
him. The sidewalk was lined with
spectators anxious to set a glimpse of
the famous automobilist. It seemed
certain death for the riders. Brave
hearted men turned their faces to hide
the horror of the awful sight.
But fortune was with Barney. The
machine passed over the track and out
of danger, the steam chest Just graz
ing the rear end of the automobile.
Oldfleld was not in the least nervous
when seen immediately afterward.
"Oh, it waa nothing much," he said. "I
knew I could beat the engine for I
have done It before."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Automobilist Dashes Across
Track in Beno in Front of
Flyer and Auto Is Grazed
SAVED BY FEW INCHES
Visitors Become Active Dur
ing the First Bound and
Start Off With a Lead
ELEVEN BK0WNIES FAN
Joe Corbett Nearly Tosses
Game Away, but Wheeler
Saves Day With Triple
Oldfield Has a Narrow Es
cape From Death in a Trial
of Speed With Locomotive
SCORE IS TIED
AT NIGHTFALL
TRAIN NEARLY
CATCHES BARNEY
Elizabeth and Thomas Gllsenan to William
Nelson. rerecord 903 D. 235. lot on N line of
Pcrker street, 200.50 W of Shattuck avenue.
W 50 by N 129.63, lot 18, block 10. map
Shattuck Tract No. 4, Berkeley; deed re
recorded to correct error In number of tract;
$10.
The Realty Syndicate to Edward Stahl (mar
ried), W 90 feet of lots 23 and 24, block 15.
McGee Tract, portion plat 67, etc., Berkeley;
$10.
Darlot and Margaret Densmore to Joseph
J. Mason, rerecord 985 D. 15C,- lot on W line
of Grove street, 100 N of Ashby avenue. N
40 by W 122.27, block 10, map subdivision
block 10, Central Park Tract, Berkeley; $10.
James L. and Mary C. Barker (per J. L
Barker, attorney) to W. J. Mortimer, lots 5
and 6. block 4, lots 1, 2 and 4. block 6, lots
0 10 to 12 block 5, amended map portion La
Lcma Park and Wheeler Tract. Berkeley; also
lot on N line of Le Roy avenue, beine SW
corrier lot 5, thence N 00. E 60. S 71.81, W
f.3.21 portion said lot 5, block 5, same map,
Berkeley; $10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to E. R. Williams, lots 13 and 14, block C,
Ciirrison Tract, and adjacent property, etc.,
Berkeley; $10. *
Charles B. and Effle Crane to Kate F.
Everett (widow), lot 9, block E. map 3. Hille
erass Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Portia E. and E V.'. Warren to Martin
Schlck. lot on N line of Eighth street. i2Eof
Jackson E 20 by N 100 being E 3 feet of lots
1 to 4 and W 23 of lot 28, block 83, Kellers
berger's map, Oakland; $10. _
Ephralm E. and Jane Klmball, H«nry El
liott and Marie and Peter Langbehn (husband)
<by H. P. Patterson. Commissioner) to Charles
W. Muller. lot on S line of Third street. 100
E of -Madls-on E 25 by S 100. lot 9. block 131.
resubdlvlslon of block 131. Kellersberger'a map.
Oakland; $356.
Harlow P. Bancroft to "William J. Ander
furen Jr.. lot 4. block J. Santa Fe Tract No. 2,
Oakland; $10.
William D. and Mary A. Moore to William
J. Cahlll. lot on NE line of Pearl street. 143
SE of Fairmount avenue, SE 1 by NE 60.
being SE 1 foot of lot 1 block D. map of re
subdivlslon of blocks C and E>. Flint Tract.
Oakland; $10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watklnson to Otis
W. Engs, lot 1, block A, lots 8 and 12. block
B. lots 11 to 13 block E lots 22 and 24. block
D. Lincoln Park. Oakland: $10.
Charles M. and Lena MacGregor to George
E. Fisk, lot on N line of Thirtieth strwt. 420
B of Grove. E 33:4 by N 140 portion of lot 87.
block 2035. A. J. Snyder's resubdlvlslon, por
tion of block 2036 map Rowland Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Asbury J. Russell et aL to Catherine B.
Merrltt (wife of Jamea B.), lot on E line of
Jackson street. 50 N of Fourteenth. N 10 by
E 150, and «U rights and Interests in and to
portion of Jackson street in front of said land,
Oakland; $10.
Millie E. Baldwin and Orovllle D. Baldwin
(husband) and as attorney to Sarah J. Sparks
(wife of Fred M.). lot on W line of Telegraph
(Humboldt) avenue, 93.42 N of Sixty-sixth
street (formerly Fairvlew avenue), N 46.71,
W 151.11. 8 45. E 138.52. lot 10. block 2. map
of O. D. Baldwin's subdivision of portion of
Woolsey Tract. Oakland; $10.
Gustaf Leaf (single) to Anton Williams, lot
on N lino of Channlng way. 60 E of Fourth
street. E 40 by X 100, portion of lot 17. block
127. Raymond Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Simon P. and Emma A. Davis to H. R.
Alton, lot on S line of Eagle avenue. 103:6
W of Willow street, W 52 by 8 147:6 lot
11. block 12, map subdivision blocks 1, 2, 3,
12 to 14, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
$10.
R. W. and Elizabeth H. Gorrill to Henry
C. and Julia G. Frandien lot on S line of
Thirty-first street. 197:6 E of West. E 32:6
by S 140. portion lots 14 and 15, block 2034,
Rowland Trart, Oakland; $10.
George E. Lawrence to Laura I. Lawrence
(wife), lot on NW line of Piedmont avenue
(Webster). 455 SW of Moss avenue, SW 101.
NW 103:4, NE 105, SE 221:7, portion plat 8,
Kitchcock property, Oakland; gift.
¦Walter and Fannie E. Frear to Kate E.
Johnson (wife of C. W.), lot on E line of
Grove street formerly Sherman. 303.60 S of
Cedar. S 50, E 145.44. N 50. W 145.33, lot
18. block B. Eureka Homestead, Berkeley; $10.
San Francisco Stock and Bond Exchange
(owners) with the California Woodworking
Company (contractors), architect . Fix
tures, furniture, etc moving of old fixtures,
etc., from old to new premises In Merchants
Exchange building on California and Liedes
dorff streets; $8240.
Pope Estate Company (owners) with William
5*. Wtlsoo Company (contractors), archi
tect' Albert Pissla — Steam heatins, sewering,
plumbing- and gas fitting, marble and tiling
for building on lot on S line of Sacramento
(Street, 275 E of Drumm. E 74:3. S lltf:U 3-16.
SW 01 :C 1-16, N 170:4%; 123,350.
Same owners with Joshua Hendy Machine
Works (contractors), architect same — Electric
Wiring, switches and telephone system for
same on same: $2170. ' ll"
A. H Hammond (owner) with Kern & Ei
bach (contractors), architect J- E - KraUt —
Painting, etc., for a three-story residence on
lot on N line of Broadway 137:0 E of Fill
mere. E 57:0 by N 137:6; $3225.
AInmcda County.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 18.
Southern Pacific Company (owners) with
Thomas Butler (contractor), architect John D.
Isaacs — Brick work for Mission Bay round
house on block bounded by Kentucky. Marl
posa. - Pennsylvania and Sixteenth streets;
$4320.
Builders' Contracts.
E of Q street E 25 by S 92:6. block 305,
O'Nell & Haley tract; $10. '
Alexander and Ada L Forbes to Bernhard
Getz. lot on S Une of Falrmount street. 37:6
E of Palmer, E 25 by S 93 block 15. Fair
mount; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 19. 1904.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
M LEAVES DAILY AJdISO A.M.M
Other Santa Pe Tralna:
7:S0 a.m. | For gtockton. Fresno. Bakersflold.
sioOp: Si j Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla,
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Orand Canyon
and Chlcaro.
Ticket Office* — «41 Market «t. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Jos«s.
l^fraHsj CAZADERO, Etc
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGfc.
Jjepart from San Francisco, dally, at T7;<*.,
7:45, h:25. »:10. »:5o. U:w a. m.; 1:45, S-.a,
4-3&! 6:15, 6:6U. «:3U. 7:15. 8:00 and U;^
at San Francisco, daily, at t«:4o.
786 8:13. 8:BO. 9:33. 10:30 a. m. ; 1:30. 2:U,
i:»I »:06. 6:42,-. 6:22. S:S7. 7:40 and nHj
P tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m. : alto Sat-
urdays at 3:10 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazadsro.
•tc.
6:13 p. m.. dally, except Saturday axid Sun-
day . (or Tomales. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 630 Market at.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market rt.
S002SS TOB aOUSEEEPIKO.
BROADWAY." 1005. cor. Jones— 2 fine «nfu r -
nlfh.d ccnnfotlnB room!.: gas; Pc^; 8 . 10
bath; marine rtew; tlS for nice ccuplt. take
Jacfcuon-tt. car to Jones et.
EDDY. ZO-tjltWtt floor: I nicly furnished
rooms; gas ranges; yard; reasonable.
EDDY. S04— Two sunny housekeeping rocms.
E! EVICVTH JOC — Elf-gar.t front suite and sin.
pie rooms:' complete for housekeeping: gas
ana bath; reasonable.
GEARY 12"5 — Completely furnished front puite
for ho'ufekeeptng; marlr.^ view; bath; sunny.
HOWARD 7i:»Vi — Sunny housekeeping rcomn,
and c.th'V?; rW pertabie :
HYPE. 102'' — Larre *unry ;"ror.t alcove house-
l;e*pins r<«rr.; ter.t >1C; 63s range.
JES?IC ""1— Larre. HS1BT. 'rent parlor, saa
i ar.g--.' 2 be.!5, M T5 v.k. ; other rooms, $3. $1 60
JONES, -uT — Two-rocm apartrjer.ts, also
fir.gle rucn-.s. for houseki^sng ; }2 00 and
J3 l-er weel:.
KHNILWOirTII. cor. Bu«h and I'o-ne 11— Three-
room euniiy arnrtmen:s: »leara b^at; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Ar-nrtmenty. 1340 Pine —
fcur.ny furr.ijhed 3-ro<>r;i suites; steam heated,
electric li&hted; fr*e batrs: rates reasonable
LAHTTNA. f>10 — Rooms for housekeeping; use
of kitchen.
MINNA. Z-iC — Furnished rooms, complete for
ho*J5ek*epiPK.
OAK. 117 — Ccmp'.eu fcr housekeeping. $3 t»
112; gas rar.ge; hot bath; edults.
O'KAP.P.ELJ^. 20S — 3 connecting rooms; gas
range: running water: tunny yard.
SACILAMENTO. 1490 — Front, sunny, furnished
ho-j»?kefp;r.g rooms; all conveniences; very
reasonable.
SJlXCBEZ. 500. near Eifhteer.th— Ivwre
sunr.y fittirg room; alcove bedroom; kitchen;
reasonable.
ETAXTAX. 1<X©— 2 eur.ry front rooms, fur-
nished for light housekeeping: 1 block from
Golden <Jat«.- Park; rent reasonable.
6UTTER. K3B— Housekeeping rooms.
THE LAUNJ-TON. 110 Eddy— Newly furnish-
ed; best transient house In city; 60c. $1.
THIRD. "20 — Housekeeping rooms; coal stoves
or gas range*; to rent cheap to quiet people.
THIRD. 440 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
Tt'RK. 1153— Nice rooms in new flat fcr hou?e-
WALI-ER. 71 — A furnished suite of rooms; sun
all <!a.r: tn new house; fine view.
BOOMS TO LET — mm. anfl HnfnT-n.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric llgrhts; only first-class bouse
In locality; rocms $1 60 week and up.
A — BRUNSWICK house. 14S Sixth St. — Rooms
25c to $1 r»r night, tl 25 to $5 per week and
Lgbt housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fl.'th st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 r.lgbt;
11 00 to $10 week; bouse open all night.
AVON. 473 Geary— New house. Just opened;
a^lte* and slrg'e rooms; private baths; spe-
cial rate* to tourists.
EELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances. 132t Market and 21 Turk — Electrlo
lights; running water in every room; 2D0
rooms: 21>c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. *I2— I-*r£* sunny room or suite to let.
BI'SH, H'Xi — Sunny rooms. furnished for
¦ housfkwping; gas? range.
CEPAR ave.. 117— Small funny room to rent.
FDDT. 801— Nice single room; also house-
k'*ring rooms to let.
ELEVENTH. 1 17— Furnished room.
I'irtST. HI7 — 2 connecting, unfurnished rooms;
larffe rlosrtf ; running water; no children.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. T.VJ — Nicely furn. rooms.
private fam.. for I or 2 gcr.ts: mod. con.
GRAND Southern. 7th anfl Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 Right; $1 CO to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
HOWARD. 715— Large, runny roorr.s at low
rates; 25c to (1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JONES. MC— Bay window and sunny; Junction
OTarrrll et. ; just renovated.
LACUNA, '.no — Unfurnished suites; mantel;
Rr«t-: *jS and $2O.
LAOUNA. 910 — Furnished single front room;
\r, r,i. ;
LARKIN, M>4 — Sunny single back room, coal
stove, running water. $5 a month.
LEXINGTON ave.. 1R4 — Furr.ifhed rooms.
LOCCET ave . 613— Room to let.
MARKET, :<Hfl <Th«? Falmouth) — Sunny rocms;
J2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. IS Tbird St.— 400
•Ingie and family room? 35c to $1 50 per day,
f2 to JS per w*-ek; the only new and modern
hotel and rocming-houee in San Francisco
that tia* office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, eiectrlc ligh:s. call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths u nd ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MONTGOMERY, ltt. <:jp. Occidental Hotel—
Nicely Jumithed rooms.
MIS?I"N. 35il— Nice furny front parlor, with
ure cf pvano; H2 month.
MINNA. OoIB— Nicely furnished room; bath
and pas.
OTARRKLL. 20»— Nicely furnished, sunny
front rocmf; alwj fingle; $2 to $4 week.
PINE. fc27. near Powell — I large tunny room,
cuitabie for one or two: reasonable.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12« Ellis— Incandescent lights;
rending-rcom. tracking -room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to |1 60; week. $2
to $*; month. $8 to $30; elevatcr en ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POWELL. 1PC2 — Larg-s unfurnished room to
Jet %t t* menth.
SEVENTH. 100— Large «!nrle room, furnished.
FE\'KNTH. 140— Furnished roome; bath and
»T»S. _^^
STOCKTON. 41-45— Nicely furnished sunny
front rcomr. al*o single, $2 to $6 week.
TAYLOR. 02-1. cor. Batter Ouany. pleasant
front ro.-n'g; ?*. $10 and J12 month.
THE PT. KATHRYN. COR~NER~ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
fUNNIi:ST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
FANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES B\THS
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Suuer— New man-
ajremrnt; mw bldg. ; finely furnished, with
hc>t and co'.d water, ete&m heat and baths;
fme location and reasonable rates.
THE CASTLETON. 207 Mason st. bet Ellis
ml O'Farrell— Elegant fum'shed rooms;
e'nele cr «-n suite.
TURK. 334— Newly furnished rooms, from $2 50
tn S5 a week.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rocms o5c to $1 night. Jl 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric Iichts <no gas), running wcter In every
room: elevator, read. -room: fr?e bus; baggage.
VALENCIA. 1310. between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth — To let. to small family. 4 un-
furnifhel rrx-.rr.t. with use of bath; larg«
basement; rent reasonable.
WEBSTER. 1M*>— Sunny furnished room; bath.
XTINClirfTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most rcn\-enient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S-'k: to $1 50 nightly; |2 to »S week; elevator;
»lec. Hrhis; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
. A3TX> BO ASS.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031. nr. Jefferson Park
—Funny furr.lfhed rooms, bath; priv. bouse;
excellent board. $23; two, $36 month.
fcUNNY fum.ihed front room, for en« or two
gemlerocn. wuh breakfast. Apply 1352 Web-
; t< r at.
LAGUNA. 910— Furnished suite and board for
gentlemen; ?-"» each.
LAGUNA. 310— Unfurnished suite and board
for rentiemen; $20 each.
EI.LIR. 45.T — Plea-.ant tunny rooms with ex-
cellent Frencfe table board.
BCNNY double and single rooms, with board;
running water. 300 Leavenworth st.
HAIGHT. 332 — Large sunny suite; runnlnr
vatcr; grate; second floor; corner bouse.
HOARD without rooms. 680 Valencia St.
CALIFORNIA. RO7— Best rooms, table and
tervlre.ln the city for the least money.
HOWARD. MIA— First -els a§ board and room.
•'.rsr:> cr double. (3 week; American family.
ROOM and board in French family. 1728 Sut-
ter rt.
WASHINGTON. 1 CT8— Handsome, newly fur.
i<ar. »uite; single rooms; conv.; exe. table.
BOOriNO.
ROOFS, cidewalks and cellar floors laid and ¦
repaired; low prices; all work guaranteed.
Chicago Roofirg Company. F. HERRMANN.
Manager. : COti Seccnd nt. ' '
SEWXlfQaLaCHrNES^AND^SCTPlIES.
ALL makes; 2d hand, $2. $5. $7. ?9; new,f4. |8;
drop heads. * drawer, golden oak.515; rented,
repaired: low?Et rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth rt.: tei. Jessie 379<i.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; beet j
Is cheapert; second-hand all makea at any
price: all kl"^ rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. lf-:l Jjlarket tt., near Sixth.
LOCK BtHeh and automatic; The White Grand:
two machines In r ne; at tho new retail of- i
flees of THE WHITE CO.. 1)15 Market St. I
ALt. kin.'.* »«-cond-hand $.1. $3. *8; slightly j
ut«-<5 Jl<> $lfl, SlH); you know where the dolls
swing In" the window. JC51 Market st. >
ALL klrd« bought, fold and repairing puaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBKCK. 1H15 Mission et.
STOOAQr AOT> WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture. !
househcld BO>-d« stored, moved, fhlppcd. 725-
7ai Howard Ft., nr. Third; rh° n<: Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., .1 Eddy St.: I
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOl'EU. pre#.; I
ftn.lture moved, pecked, shlpr^'J »n d stored.
riEKCE-ROnOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of- 1
flee Pc.<<t and Pcwell sts.: tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storape and Furniture Moving Com-
ron>. 2320 Fillmore ft.; phone Jackson 2S1. j
BEKINF Van and StcrflRe Co.. 11 Montgomery
pt.; tel. Main ISIO. Shipping at cut rates.
stop aKXirxiwa.
GUARANTEED cure; send 60c; tablet form: f
malW in olain package: has cured thou- j
ep.nds. L. L. C CO., 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
. TTPBWBITEHS AKD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally gorxl No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. 9-'<: other typewriters at
hlrher nnd lower^prlces: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, S36 California St.
ID-HAXD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
. Webster Typewriting Inapec. Co.. 608 Market.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. October 22. 19O4.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clo-k a. m.. Novem-
ber 22. 19O4. and then opened for construct-
ing small picket guard-house at entrance to
Fort Baker Reservation. California. Gov-
ernment reserves the right to reject or ac-
cept any cr all M<ls in whole or in part. In-
formation furnished en application to WM.
S. PATTEN. Affistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Quartermaster.
NOTITS to Street Contractors — The committea '
appointed by the property owners of Sun- :
set District hereby Invites estimates for the |
bltuir.inlslng and laying ol granite curbs on '
about thirty (30) blocks In above named dis-
trict. For further particulars communicate
with JOHN J. TVALSH. Chairman of Com-
mittee. 1713 Eleventh ave.
ETDTTEEIKG AMT^STAMMEBIKO^
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market,
cures: estab. In S. F. 1 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
HAK1UAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
John A. Hendrickson. 25. 2220 Twenty-third
street, and Marie Alvord. 20, Glen Ellen.
Abraham Rabenovltch, 29. 1130 Howard
street, and Sarry Segal. IS, 1130 Howard st.
John J. Fareira. 28, 11 Jackson street, and
Mary M. B. Vincent. GO. 15^a Polk street.
Ptter F. Warto, :!4. fi.V> Mission street, and
Charlotte Brauer. 24. 3344 Mission street.
Fred J. Hobert. 26. Chicago, and Ella M.
Overhouse. 22. Sacramento.
Oenrtre Nelnon. 4S. 1631 Tonquln street, and
Anna N. Z. Tayler, 2S, l«2y Tr>nquln street.
Herbert S. Martinez. 21. Berkeley, and Kath-
ryn A. Mahony, 18. 651 Hayes street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per*- 1
eons authcrlied to have the same published. I
Notices restricted simply to the announcement j
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BRILL — In this city. November 16. 1904, to
th<? wife of William H. Drill, a son.
BIRKE — In this city. October 22. 1904. to the
wife of J. Burke, a daujrhter. I
LAKE — In this city. October IS. 1904. to the I
wife of E<iward H. Lake, a daughter. I
MARIUED.
VK ZARATE— BRYANT— In this city, Jfovem- !
l-«r IT. HK4. by the Rev. H. A. Luckenbaoh. j
Albert Ortls De Zarate and Grace A. Bryant,
l*>th of San Francisco.
JO V— LAWS — In this iity, November 12, 1'JC
liy the Rev. H. H. Bell, John <3. Joy of Sa-
llna*. Cal.. and Alice Pearl Laws of this
c!ty.
NOONE— McLAFF"ERTY— In this city. Octo- !
ber l^, l'J04, by the Rev. T. Caraher. Charles j
Noone and Susan McLafferty, both of San
Francisco.
_ — —
Atherton. Dwight C. Greenhood, Bertha G.
Beers. Edith M-. Israelsky, Esther
Boyce, Asnes Jung. Nicola."
Cimero. Apolonia Knowlton, Elizabeth
Conn, Herman I/elgb. John W.
Ccnnellly. James McGann, Loretta M.
Donzelmann. John H. Moulton, Lorin
Dowd, Mary V. Moulton, Lorraine
Fernandez, Joseph Mueller, John Peter
Klschel, Harry Whitney, James J.
Gallagher. Lillian M. Wildermuth. Juliue
Greeiieberg, Becky Wittenmyer. Lewis
ATHERTON— In this city. November 18, 1904,
Dwlght C. Atherton,. beloved husband of
Lizzie Athertcn, and father of Warren 1
Atherton, and son of Rev. Isaac Atherton. j
a native of Wisconsin, aged 40 years and
3 month*-.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Sunday), at 2 p. in., from Mission Masonic
Temple. 2t>CS Mission street, under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Lodge No. ,;{61. F.
and A. M. Interment Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery. :
BEERS— In Salt Lake City. November 17.
1904, Edith M., dearly beloved daughter of
Mrf. S. W. Beers and the late Dr. Barrett I
B. Beers, and sinter of Mrs. H. M. Tucker I
and the late George Clifford Beers, a native 1
of San Francisco. ¦
|T7"Remains will be brought home for
'fcurial. Notice of funeral hereafter. j
BOYCE — In this city. November IT, 1304, \
Agnes Boyce. daughter of Margaret A. Har- j
rii? and Cornelius Walsh, and sister of George !
II. and James L. Walsh and Mrs. Josle I
• iberkotter. a native of San Francisco, aged j
«2 resin 1 month and 5 day*. )
C7Krlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral services I
Hundaj-, November 20, 1004, at 10 a. m.. at j
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors. J
Uitt Washington street, thence to Oakland 1
harbor ferry. 11 a. m. boat. Interment j
Mountain View Cemetery. j
CIRNERO— In ' Occidental. Sonoma County,
November 15. l»04. Atralonia Clrnero be-
loved mother of Mrs. Guadalupe Llsama a
native of Mexico, aged 64 years.
t-J" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu'.iy Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November IB. at 1 p. m.. from the mortuary
chapel of Julius S. Gcdeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue. th-nce to Spanish Church for
servk-es. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COHN— In this city, November IT, 1004,
Herman Cchn. beloved husband of the late
Fiura Cohn. and beloved father of Max and
Jennie Cohr. and Mrs. Charles Gross, a na-
tive of Exln. Germany, aged 83 years and 9
months. tl*cm Angeles pat>ers please copy.)
CyKnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow <Sunday). November 20. at 10:30
«. m., from tfce chapel of N. Gray & Co.,
SM Sutter street. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 a. m.
CONNELLY— In this city, November 17, 1904.
Jurors, beloved husband of Margaret Con-
nelly, and father of Jamea Connelly, Mrs.
John Thumane, Mrs. Albert Jones t Mrs.
Melvin Graham and Mrs. B. Thurstans, «•
native of Ireland, aged 00 years.
C"Fricnfi* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday). November 10, at 9:30 a. m.. from
6t. Charles Borromeo"« Church, corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where mass
••111 be held for the repocw of his «oul. Re-
mains at the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company. 2475 MliMon
street, near Twenty-first. Interment Holy
Crccs Cemetery.
DONZELMANN— In Oakland. November 17.
!aC4. John Henry, beloved husband of Anna
Donzelmann. a native of Germany, aged 7o
years 7 months and 14 days.
DOWD— In this city. November 17. • 1904,
Mary Virginia, dearly beloved daughter of
the late Hush and Annie Dowd, and sister
cf George and Alice Dowd and the late
Lottie Dowd and Mra. H Hints, a native
«jf San Francisco, aged 22 years.
C7.Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral Sunday.
November 20. at 1 p. m., from the parlors
of Valente. Marlni &. Co.. 1524 Stockton
suvct. near Gr*ea. thence to 8t. Francis
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FERNANDEZ— Ir. this city. November 11. 1904.
Joseph M.. beloved brother of Frank L. and
Anthony Fernandez, a native of Oakland.
Cal.. aged 30 years 7 montns and 25 daya.
(Sacramento papers please copy.)
CT-The funeral' will take place on
Saturday. November 19, at 1:30 p. m.. from
'¦"¦¦t RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
#Tr»t«» !««?• and »r« ttaa
t» arrive at
8 AN FRANCT3CO.
Fkox OcToax* •-«. 1904.
FlItBT D8T0T
rToot of Market Street >
i.» a t« — MAIN LINE. - «nnT77
7 00a Viacitvllle. W inter*, liuinwy / aji»
7.00a Bcnlcln, Elmlr* »a.t Sitcr-»:nrn-.'->.. 7-£0l»
7-30A Ysllejo. N»pa. CaHstoga. Saota
Kosa. Martinez. San Kamon 6 ?0a
7.30A Nile*. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton. ... 7 20(»
8 COa sh»m Exprr»s— (Via Darin).
Wllllami. Willows, trruto. Ued
Blnff. Portland. Tucnni. 8e«i;lo 7.53»
8 00a D«»U. Woodland. Knls^its Landing.
M*rjr»vt!le. OroTllle 7.5Q*
8-30* M*rt!ne». Anttocu. Bjron. Tr*cy.
Stoclcton. N'-wmnn. Los ISaaos.
Ment-tiv Arm > an. Hsnfort.
Vl»»li». Portrrville ... 4.2O
8 30a Port Cwta. Modesto. Mereed,
Freino. if<"'«!«"n Junction, Uaa-
ford. VImIIh. UakersilelU 4.50P
8-30A Nlles. 8»n Jo»e. LlTermore. Stoek-
ton.(tMllton>. «on«. S«cr»m»nto.
M»rystlii<*. Chlco. Bad litair .... 4-20»
8.30a O»fc<l»le. Clim«e. J»mc«iro»n. So-
nor*. Tno'umn* iincl Antrels «ZJ»
9 00a Atlnntlc Express— O?«!en sntl E»«. 520^
8-30A Richmond. . Martiaei and W»y
3utlom B5 °*
10 00ATh« Orerlsnd Limited — »'Kclen.
OmnliA. Chlcngo. Uenrer, Kansas
CUT. St.' Lou's il?SS
1000a Vnllejo ¦•--• '2.20m
10.00a Los Anjreles Pa»«enner — Porl
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Trarj.
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
Karmond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hsnford. Lemoore. V1m1!s.
Baker«Be!d. Los Ansele* 7.20»
f 2.00m H«ywsr<J. Nlles and Wst Stations. 3 2j»
tiOOP Sacramento Hlyer Steftmer*. til.00^
3.30P Benlcis, Winters. Sa.cramento.
Woodland. KnteUta I.nudlne.
MarrsTllle, OroTlllo and way
stations • lO-SUA
3JCPH»ywara.N;;e»«n(lW»y Stations.. 750*
3 30p Fort Costa. .M»rtioez, ByroD.Trscy.
Lsthrop, Stocktou, Modesto,
Merced, BerenHa. Fresno sad
Way StatloD.* beyoud I'orr. Co»ta l2-ZU»
4.GCP Martlnei.Saa R»ravo.VaIleJ<»J«ap».
Call»to«a., Santa Ro»» .223*
40DP Nlles. Tracy. Stockton ]g-20«
430P Uayward. Sile*, IrrlDHton. Saat t8.504
. Jose. Livenaore » til. 50a
6-COpTne Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Uaous. Meuduta. Freino. Taiar*.
BakertOeld.LoiAngsles. ....... 8-53*
IB 30p Hsyward. Nlles and fcnn Jo»« 7 .20*
6-OCp Uayward. Nlles and San Jose 9.50a
B.OCp £aateru Express — Uinana. Chlra«ro.
Dearer. Sm»«» City. Ut. Loula.
Martinet. Stockton, dacranienu*.
Col fax. Keno. Spark*. M. .niello.
Oiiden 1250»
t.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday... . I 7 - ,,
7-80P Vallejo, Sunday only f '" uw
7.00Phiclimond. ban Fal.lo, pon Costa,
Marttnes and Way Stations 11.20a
7-C0p Beno Passenger — Port Costa. Be-
nicla. Saisun. Elmira, l"ion,
Davis. Sicnmentn, Sparks. Tono
pan. Keeier and Way Statlonn... 7. 50*
8 05p Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento, MarytTllle, Kertainjf.
PortUnd, Puget Sound nnd Ext. 3-50*
1.10? Hay ward, Nlles and Saa Jose (San-
dayonly) 11-SOa
COAST LINE (Narrow U*n 3 e).
- (Foot af Market Street.)
••16a Newark. CenterTtUe. San Joae,
Felton. Donlder Creek. Santa
Crux and ITay Stations S 53*
I2-15P Newark, Centervllle. San Joss,
New Almnden. Los Caco«,Feitoa,
Boulder Creek, Santa crux and
Principal Way Stations MO 58*
4.1BP Newark. Ban Jose,'Los Catos...] : ]£.'ff2
•9-30P UunterV Train 'SaMrd.iv enly>—
ban Jose and Way Stations :7 25*
COAST LINE (Bros.: «.au*e).
' IW~ (Third an.l lownaend Streeu.)
*6 10a San Joteand Way Station*. 8.30*
700a Pan Jo»e and Way Station* 5.40?
800a New Almaden (Tups.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
8.00a The Coaster — San Joie. Salinas.
Saa Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita. Sun Luis Oblnpo.
<<u»iiahi;«\ i.iv'..t». Santa H.ir-
tars. San Buenaventnra. Mon-
: talTu. Oxnard, B urban k, Los
i Angeles 10-309
8 00a Gllroy. HoUlnter. CastroTllle. T>1
Munte. Pacific Grore. Surf, Lota-
poc 10.30
\ 8.00a *nn Joie. Tres Pinos.WatsonvlIle,
CapUola. bauta Cruz. PftclOe
1 (trov—. Salinas. San Lula ObUpo
i and Prlncip*. W»y Stntlona. ... 4.19*
' 1030 a San. Io«e and Way Stations 120p
! 11 3fjASaa Jose aad W»y t»tt\tiiin» 7.?0»
2-15P 6an Joe an J w»y Stations 8 33*
2. COP Del Monte Kxprt<»- S»ata Clara.
San Jose. Wntsonviue. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
P»clflc OroTe 12 15»
! 13 COp Los Gato*. Wrlsnt. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauice *10 45*
3 3Cp VulenWa St., Sunth San Francisco,
Bnrllne.ime. S*n Jose, Gllroy.
Hot lister. Tr*» Plnos 10 45*
430P^an Jo*e and Way Station* '8. CO*
t&.OOP Santa Clara. **n Jute, Lo* (jatos.
anil principal Way Stations (ex-
I . cept Sunday) tS.QO*
¦ IBSOp EanJotrandPrtnclpalWay Stations '.940*
b 48p buD*it Express.— Uedwood. San
Jose, Gllroy. Salinas, Pa»o Koblea,
San l.ii!» Oblspo. Santa ISarl.ara,
Lo* Ang'les, Pemlns. Fl P»»o.
St.LoaU. NewOrlean*. NswYork 910*
B45p Pajaro. Watsonv<!>. Ca pi tola.
Banta Cruz. CastroTllle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grore 10-30P
I 18.16P tau Maleo. Berr«for-l,r.olmont.R*n
Carlos. Hrdwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Pa!o Alto t6.43*
6 30pP»n Jo»e and Way Station! 6 3S*
8X0p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10 15*
' 11.30p8uuthSanrranclico. Mlllbrae. liur
'.lnxazne. bin Mateo, .>!::nnt
Carlos, l'rdwood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t9-43p
I «1130p Miytie'.J. Moantala View. Sunny-
rilf, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
San Jo»e t3-43»
A for . Morning. P for After nooa.
ttanday excepted tgnndayonly
• 6atnrday only. b Monday only.
SfatKDs at all stations on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTiiWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibnroa Terry. Toot of Markst Street.
SAK rSAKCXSCO TO SAIT RArAXL,
WL£K UAY&— 1:30. »:W. H:0O a. m. ; 12.M.
3:30. 5:10 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trla
at 11:30 b. m.
Saturdays— Kitra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ecu
BITN-DAYS— 3:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00 6:20. 11:30 p. m. '
SAK ' BATA£L TO SAK FSAKCXSCO.
WtEK DAisj— o:03. 7:33. 7:oo. U.JM. 11:1*
a. m.; 12:10. 3:40. S:00. S:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:03 and 0:33 p. xnw
SUNDAYS— S:W. 0:4O. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:44.
4:03. S:05. *:13 p. m. _^
Leave I la Effect 1 Arrtv*
San Fran. [ Oct. 2. 1904. | San FTaa.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I W*«»i
Days. | days. I tloiL | days. 1 Days.
1:30 a 8:00a »:10al8:40»
9:30 a Isnaciix 10:4Oal0:2O«
»:30p 3:30 p 6:0fl p 8:20 9
, 5:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 p[
T:SOa 9:10 al 8:40 •
8:00 a Xovato. 1W:4O a 10:20 %
8:30 p 9:30 a Petalum* 6:05 pi 8:20 a
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 pi
| 3 :C0 p Eanta Kosju I
1 so a W:4O aj 10:20 •
S:00a Fnitoa. 7:33p[*:2Ont
8:30 p 3:30 p 1
Windsor. |
T:30a 8:00 a Healdsbunr. 10:40 a 10:20 •}
Lyttoo.
8:30 p 3:30 p Oeyjervllle. T:35 pj «:2»H
J CloTgrdal». I
7-30 al 8:00 al Hoplan^ 110:40 a|ll>:» »
8:30 p| 3.30 pi and UkUh. I 7:33 pj B:20 9
' j J Wlllits and I I
T:3Oaf8:0Oa| 6herwood. | 7:33 p) «:20 9
7:30 al 8:0«tal 110:40 a|10:20 »
3:30 PI 3:30 pi OuerpeTtlle. I 7:35 p| 8:20 B>
7-30 al 8:00 at Sonoma. I 9:10 a! S:*0 a
B:10p| 5:00 PI Glen Ellen, I 8:03 pj 0:20 9
\ ~7~30'al~8":C0 al 110:10 a'10:20 a
' 3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:33 p| C:20n>
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quenttn; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lyttoa fo*
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skacx*
Syrlnss: * l Cloverdal* for the Geysen. Boon«-
villa and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Sprir.cs. Kelsey»Ule, Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakeport. Rirtl-tt
Bprlngs and Lake County Hot Sprtngs; »t
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Sprtam
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's),
Riverside. Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrim
Heights. HullvlUe. Orr*s Hot Sprtnga. Halfway
Home. Cotnptehe. Hopkins. Mendoclno City
Fort JraKs 1 . Westport and Usal: at Wliuta for
Fort Bragg. Hearst an.1 Sawyers: at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cumming*
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frultland.
Pyer. Garbervtlla, Camp 5, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •
On- Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all poiats
beycr.d San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C30 Market street. Chronicls
bulldlns.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAIf.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tam alp AjsjR a i lw ay^
L*. Saa fnacico *'• tnsuixt
Ctja 8aad«jT if^^T^K Saada;i ~¥ iiT D»yT
- 8:25a teSS+tia l: >'"!' •i«:»OA
6:3Oa O:5O A vS^^JCafflT i:55p 3:53i>
_ 11:OOa 4:25r ,...
l:45i» l:45r 't3§5r *»:'"" 6:«Jp
Saairdayi 4:35p Sjitordari llitXr
*TU Gnrity far y XI Tia^l?a.» ta Hill Ti^tr
TICIR 1 650 M AXKBT St^( Nort^'Shors Railraidi
OfFIUS ( aad Sausalito Fuutv. Foot Market St.
thT weekly call
&e>r Year. %
the oarlors of Valente, Marlnt & Co.. 1524
Stockton street, between Green and Union.
Interment Drivate. Italian Cemetery.
FISCHEL— In Lc« Angeles. November 13, 1004,
Harry Fischel, beloved son of Jennie Gean-
dettl. and brother uf Aususta Fischel.
GALLAGHER (nee Seyden)— Ln this city. No-
vember 17, 1904, Lillian M. Gallagher, be-
loved wife of James II. Gallagher, and
daughter of ¦ J. H. J. Seyden and the late
Dorathea Seyden. and slater of Mrs. J. P.
Carson tmd George H.. Henry G.. Arnold
R.. J. Fred. Julius. Alfred, Guttave and
Arthur Seyden. a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 years 11 months and 20 days.
IE7'l l "riend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
CSaturday). at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of.
the H. F. Maass Company. 917 Mission
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GREENEBERG— In this city. November 18.
1WH. Becky, beloved daughter of Mrs. A.
(Jreeneberg, and sister of Mrs. J. Constine
and Kaufman. Gertie. Wolf Meyer- and
Lazarus Greeneberg, a native 'of San Jose,
agod 24 years and 21 days. (San Jose papers
yleaae copy.)
E7*JCotice of funeral hereafter.
GREENHOOD— In this city. November IS.
l(tO4, Bertha G. Greenhood, beloved sister of
Hugo O. Greenhocd and Mrs. Karl Fornes.
ISItAELSKY— In this city, November 17. 190-1.
Ksther, dearly beloved wife of Julius Israel-
sky, and mother of Samuel, Harry, Milton,
Sydney, Annie and Helen Israelski', a na-
tive of Germany, aged 63 years. (Charles-
ten. S. C, papers please copy.)
C7"Fri«?nd<? and acnuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Funday. November 'M. at 10 a. m., at her
late residence. 131C McAllister street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, : by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:80 a. m.
JUNG— In this city, November 18, 1904,
Nicolas, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Jung, and father of Marie Kocour, and
Frandfather of Natalie Kocour, a native of
France, aged 55 years 5 months and 12 days.
KXOV.XTON-In this city, November 14. l!*O4,
Elizabeth R. Knowlton, beloved mother of
Grace W. Knowlton and Mrs. Lyman M.
Welch, xnd sister of James H. Doollttle, a
native cf Maine.
C'Thfl funeral services will take place
Saturday. November 19, at 1:45 p. m.. at
the residence. H016 Clay street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 p. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
LEIGH — In Monterey County, November 16,
1H04, John Wickham Leigh, husband of Ca-
mllle Bowie Leish, and father of Benjamin
W. Leich Chapman, Hamilton B. and Julia
Leigh. Mrs. Frank L. Adama and Mrs.
Lemuel P. Adams, a native of Richmond,
Va..- aged 79 years. (Virginia papers please
copy.)
Cfyinttmate friends and acquaintances are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
services this (Saturday) afternoon. Novem-
ber 19. at 3 p. m., at the residence of his
son-in-law. Dr. Frank L». Adams, 1230 Tele-
praph avenue. Oakland. Interment private.
McGANN— In this city. November IS, 1904,
Loretta May, beloved daughter of Frank
and Ellen McGann. and sister of Margaret.
Ellen, Julia and Alice McGann. a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 months and 13 days.
MOULTON— In this city, November 17, 1004.
Lorin Moulton, a native of Ohio, aged 56
years.
MOULTON-^In this city, November 18, 1804,
Lorraine Moulton, a native of Ohio, area 73
years.
MUELLER— In this city. November 18, 1904.
John Peter Mueller, beloved brother of Mrs.
August Berberlch, Miss Margaretha Mueller
and the late Henry Joseph Mueller, a native
of Germany, aged C4 years 9 months and 25
days.
"WHITNEY— In this city, November 18 1904,
James J.. beloved husband of Bella Whitney,
and stepfather of Lloyd Whitney, and
brother of John and Thomas Sheehan. Ed-
ward O'Connor and the late Annie E. Hall,
a native of San Francisco, ared 38 years.
lETRemains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Notice of funeral
hereefter. i
"WILDEilMUTH— In this city. November 18.
l!»O4, Julius Wildermuth, husband of Sophie
Wildermuth, and father of Julius, Charles
and William Wildermuth, a native of Ger-
many, aeed 63 years.
ICSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 20, at 12 o'clock, from Charles
J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlor*. CM
Washington street, thence to Druids' Hall,
413 Sutter street, for service* under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Grove No. 3 and
Hardnagei Chapter. U. A. O. D., and Inde-
pendent Rifles. Funeral at 1 p. m. from hall.
Cremation Odd Fallows' Cemetery.
WITTENMYER— In Martinez, November 17.
1H04. Lewis Cass Wittenmyer, husband of
Clara Lascll Austin Wittenmyer. ¦ and
father of Clara K.. John L.. Lucelne A.,
Ilene M. and Dan Wittenmyer, a native of
Indiana, aged 7G years 5 months and 2 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 20, at 1 :.'{0 p. m.. from Masonic
Hall. Martinez. Interment Martinez.BANK STQco-Sl
- A= X:: BkJIXiKBZta L P * A....li> --
; As&t-CMi .- vss — M*? Trist... — ra
Eaak cf Ca!.42:> 423 M*r:;-s Ex !<» — •
, Cal £if« Cy.l2u — 5P Xttona! — —
Fin- Xatical — 3^9
SAVTXG3 FAJTS-?.
G*? S * L.2»> — 5*t * L So. . — K*
} Kia 3 4 L. — — : ?-<= S*r E*. - — 4=4
I Jirnl sav. — ls» 'V=f"E T Co.. — —
I 5 ? SaT U.G5 €73 j
5TRHST RAHJ1OAD3.
• CaUfsrai* -. — 1'JO Prestlii 3* '—
¦ Geary — 4».«
Giaat C C, V;tat: — «'¦»
sugaK.
: Hawaiian C. 74 73 3&ixawe;! C 32
* HcockaA 5 C 17 : i 17*. Ora=:ea 3 C. 33 32-i
H^tch 3 P C 1> 13 \ Piasia^ S C- 13-« 19-^
Kliasea S C. 3H 3*«
MjCSLLAS SOC3.
I Alaska, P A- »34 9* : i Oeeiaie S C«. 3^ ?4
' Cai y C A- — 5^4 i"ac A=3 FA- «4 —
; Cal W>?e A_'7T — 'Faa C Bcrx-13«t !3?4
SALES
li:rai=i Scsssox
Eoard—
£> A'.jjiA Packers" A*soej.-:k>e-- . 97 €*
15 Hawaiiaa ¦':— ' A -.->r " • "• ¦
25 ¦ 1 . - -»i.x S Co - 17 3»»
Ztf Hocckaa. ? Co. « 1* IT »
3«> liccika* S Co 17 23
f C<S Hat^Scssca S P C> 15 «w
J- u uiiai«:i x: co
!•» Oeeaa.^ 5 S Co » Z
2«> Paaaiaa 9 P C> 1> 374,
!•*> PaJ Statw T * T «*x-r^ira>.lt>« ;»
1» S F" Gas * EUctrfe 55 2S
29 Ssr^y Vailey TVatfr Ca_ s S.. S3 73
> I. ¦!;»>* 1- CtaOl & --.JTi.- '.- l'A> 25
J S1.C1W P»rt2o Electro Rj Is !>?* 73
," Sl.C«:s> U 5 2 s« «at (T3C5«B!h caai-lM 3>>
Street—
ICO P»eiis Li«i5iiax .,.. «> •"»
¦ VKSXO Ca* G Gas & ?;'«*:• 1C>-
S2.«XO Sprt=« \-a^»y *» «W c=t«e» » 7S
S2?.«C»J l."alte<J R "R of 5 F 4 p*r cefit. S.5 23
A.:«r; a z Sesoics.
B-:*ri—
1» Ai-ii P»ci*rs' .u*wa.'::s. . . *» V»
3 Alaska. Packers" Asset Larion.. . >5 25
a»1TnniiYn * Co J7 23
5»> H:r..*ii » Cf>. b 3-- IT t"
235 Ha:cii3»3c 3 P C»- 15 *»>
2S»> Kiiaoe* 5ar»r .- ' j-= - a - : : -. C*. . . * 3»>
23 Occtatea. S^g%r Ca ..". IS 2?l
1"» Ctwrsea S'rjxr Co ...-. a #0
SM> ri'..:i. S P Co ; t» 25
I* Pa^ 3i«:-s T * T f«-r:j!us>_.t<V4 73
11* S F Gas * Electric 55 25
10 Ssri=* Vai>7 Wi:.r Co 2» 75
I S5.?O» Facile Eectric Rr 5 per ce=:..I.t» 75
S2*\>** Jr?>rt3g V Wat *»a arts* 4a.. S« 23
Street —
2P .Vjjka Packtrs' Associati-jc *! 39
25 Pac 5t*;ss TAT «*x-rljin»..l*»» i«>
i $3.€C»> Hawatrxa Cfts.', * S^ytr C« Ifli> 25
S3. f «» tnits^S R R of 3 F 4 ptr ceat. «S 25
S3».'««> Sprta* v Wat »ea t=t*» 4s go 3
CnlistcJ a«rnrittes.
>nscss-i-AXi:oc3 boccml
* «ii Ask.- Svl x, t
, Siy CFC Sff. SS> IC1 'tK * Nl» U.U2 112H
B L Wa: <Ss. — H4St 3 p c B M 15J^
«^i XIV 33..1IJ4 — 3 P Co 44S.15I4 —
JJC»tt&.W — Ssra T»l «*..U44 —
. Ri» r '.rki — 1<» ' Do 5. .....lt*I* —
SF I>n2k "•¦.:_ — '5«:r-«s w^» 104 —
iILSCELL.\X2X)C3 STOCKS.
_ Ala 5 Oj- . - — 25 ' :,-t 5? B3t — «
• Aaier BU C-> — 99 ' Ma; Xar «'c «> r
Ca: Ost ifUa *0 — :.\«r Xat Ei.2r#» —
C*l G*ECor. :•» 31 : X Ca! P Co. 1* —
, C Jockey CLi:*- — Oak Bi Sat.12»* —
Cat Pywi-rUW 143 tCwfc T Ce«-. 73- — . -"
. Ca! Shi? O* — H itOCP Kan A. £4 —
. Cal T I * T — I«> Or{>i>e«a C» — -I*S
. C»t» Bk. €tak » 724 ParC C»« O?. — tZS
. CS=te« Co .. i « ;p»c «-sr C^.:*-» —
C»ty * C Bk — I2S : Parar ?*iar. » —
• > T? L Isi?.. — *4'S P Dtpftsck. — «5
Eas* Dysn. — 375 .*sr*3J Ojai. 171, *»
r*?tPwsl SC — S J VVat Ca.itX»4 —
r>> ctjss .. *» — 'SO a MT^«x?.125 —
FX EX. CSak.t2» — ;?o Pa: Co... «3 —
Fischer Tirr — 14 9wts>-A Sk. t!.:4 —
I FrscS-A Ek-KC — 'TYcci Cert. 114 Htx
;G»*CcnA.. — 1» i U14 lac ofd C —
Hcao P Cx. 23-« — Po ccai ... M^ —
j California Stocfc aad OH Exchange,
oa stock— ma. ¦iTwi
J AjyvUc — * . . . *i
I Aseccfated Treat C?rti^at«««. 23 - 2»*
?"iKforaia STaadar-i IT !¦«
CarSttn * 6ft
CCx*i» Crsde 22 ..:.''
C!ir»=xst «o - i ¦ .„.
Fc^r *?
, K'a^ord* 1M «*
J ijesse ... . ..1. ......... 37 t- SS
J Jicearra <cf AHaiaa) ¦'2* ' ff ; »SLi«£l
j occif»=tai c» w va... ;:¦«'¦
S On City P*t-rTe r XB r. .... 3^*
j ScTereisa » p|«|i
| Ti^ty^tre^'-'- '."V.*.V.I.*III"; i'm .'....
; •;«,aii=#» * Pac-iiil Ca •", *• -
[ F^rty C^ Co 35 - *>
[ FjcSri*^*^ -. itiis - 13
J lir«» MaKts*CrUtc. • » TJH
{ a* jscr*r«i*3 - ' »
* C »'¦' II r.r^ lT-k- ? * 19 .... ........ 73
Afteracca i'. 1 ?.. -
S •- .¦ - i oi Cxltrrrai* C* £J - .
I«0» Ia.Ie?*w!*sc* *|
f.MInlasr stock*.
SAX rRAXCISCO STOCK r^CCHAXGS. .
PtoO«wt3< ¦<¦» tb* *»!.•» ea t!»» 3-«F"r«3-.
cisca Stock «ail . Ex r£a«u(e " Beawd yntrri*;*:
5»orat2« ¦ Se-sto-j — •_"csa^t xS*- !
-< •* Attd^SJ . 25? C*^> C"*ii# :.-.-... 2 3**
»»> Betrfjer"" 5i:!€»OpMr 2 ti
t l<rt B»!ci#r » 2«. Pww II
icr» Best A Belc^-I 13. 2> «> ?ferr« Xe» t*
J irj^ citcliar " I3 f y **•-¦"** — . >S
I 7e« Con Cat * V.5-C5* «*• "»nk i'«...:
!|35r> Cea Cal * ,V.2 I* I*'** fifes Cue J«»
3f»> jf«x??«3 ..'..-. 1 V* V> CcsJ: — *»
AfS«r*3«2 Sw4« — Cr=Mt_-«:k*_
' 2» Airf*» ..----- 3*' l<U-» Orrtd#3t»l ... 7»
j 25»« B««:i«T "22*- IC* Opttr j J *S»
! •*"* B**t * Belcil 13 t^ 1 * PctQai ....... 11
I _^ . . -
5- » it^'SCKX O. *-J» «* '» -•> »»
I* S5 J.utt-r pT« .. US5* *^ STIi «7^
L" < Steel 34.7SO 2> 27 27
" « excel pfd 7«.9«j* «S *7t 4 >7'*
tr-stinj Elee l.»T»> 17-4 *** 174*- 4
TS-tstera Isfc3 ... 4SO »2S S2 »2
Tc^il tales... 1. 57*. 50*-
New York Bond*.
V S re* 2s re»..IP44'L 4 X cni^d ts.lSJ
1 . --.._ . ..I;; 1 , il,.-. . .^ »:.i {*.:•"'
I>> 2» rVjr lC44:5Iex Cer-tnl 4i-.. 75^
LV» OBjtJ 1C44I Co 1st tee '*"•%
I>i Eset- 4* reE-UvHtKBMi *-¦ L. 4».- 87
t» ccspwi 13»>'-'1I. K & Trias 4S-10G
Dn» ell 4s r-s.l'«;\»' £>3 2ds s*'i
Do nopec l« i . NR o£ J«-:x »a 4i «
-V£C3 gr-a l< lC5!3t T C f«3 34s..lStWi
I>i ad! 4s MU.'S J C e*a 3s..-.l-3'»
Ai'^.=t*= C U 4s- G9*4 Xcr Pmcii-t 4«....IC5
Bait A OU» is.-lttTii, 1 D<» 3s 734
Do S'« 0« JX.'r i TT c«n 4s. 101
Cectral 'cf Ga Se.112 -Cr?Z. 4s *. partic.104'4
r» 1st !=< 92 .'Pa ceav 24» K-'i'-i
C*ai & Ohi> <•— s.lOTri! Rea Ire* »»-a 4S...ICS4
iTd i Aitca 3~*. «24 '5 1^ A: I M c^n 3*.ll5'i
C Big asw 4*.1O:H*S I> i 5 F fe 4*. *)
C.2J ft SF fa -Is-ll^;?: Lucis 377 tsts. 97 ? i
C & XW cca :cXStX4(SaitaEid A Z. •*«. OH
C, P. U Pac ««. K *«=-> Pa;t!ti 4a 9<5 l «
Do co! Ss 534' So Railway 5». ..IIS^
i" I'.'.' A SI^t: 4s Ifi3 ; T*x «: Pac tsts..lSl**i
>-il 1>ra 4<. IM [TO. Et Lt V,' 4*. «
'"-sa Tc*actro *s. TaciSc *».I'.S-i
Coio ft So If *S ; Do «i=~ ?« 114
Qsto Feel & I 5«_ « TS Sm«S 23 r«.. »4
Drt: t PJ-, G 4».1C1 fVTitaii tsts 117=4,
Erie prisr Ota «*.1CI ! C«> d*b 3 *^-*
n» rea 4» aiu'^- t l n.-i^ 4«... sa
F *;- 4- D C laestim%fVKii Oecrnl 4j... &2"i
Bock Val 4';?... tn
Xew Ycrk Mining Stock*.
Aia^is Csa Z¥ L^advU'e Cca ... *S
*-"=* SCUtXle Chief CG
Br-«ce 12 Oatario "13
Brsss Ceft 13 Ophtr I 13
i'cea Trarel f*'Ph<>Kiix 13
Cca C*I 4 Va... t SKSCttm Xevaia M
Beca BCrcr 1 53 ?=l»U Erje* 23
fcrra Stiver 2 23 =:2a.l*rl 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
ilcr*y — ;C 9 St»*: 2T=i.
f~a.U :-*r« 24«*4 Do pf,I «7H
T-=s* loaas ...4 g3 : ¦W«^:=z Ccmsarn- M54
Eccds— ( Xiai=»—
Atchiica 4s IOC .Adveatcre *'-s
IM *dj i* 9: ',A[':<?aei !•»
SI»x Cectra! 4s... 72 Aniai Copper 7»*i
RaCrcads — Kra*r Zlst 134
Ateh-son *?ht' ACactic 29
I>> pit t»-2VK=*ia=i T7H
B»:cn * A7ia.ny.2524 C*taaet 4b Hecla.63*
Bcetca A 3Car»-.l«34:Ceatec=lal 2»Xi
B--j*t~e ET.*t 154 CccreT P-irupe ... 71
Flr-hc^TT rfi !4<>«De.ry TVeit 1$*4
M«x Central 214 : ZXxa Oml 'T4
S' T. X H * H..T»i4 FraakUa 13
Csltoa PufOe 1144 Grac-ry 5S
V' ' — "aaecas — ' I«te R-rafe 2O"-i
A.nr*r Arre O#ai^ ! M»« M!atac 7
I>> pfd ,*;u Vichiuaa 34
*s*r Pn*= Tabe- SV^K-iawk 5«
*-=er Scyar I4*^ r «>;ri D^tEisioc ...
Dvpfa 14* jr^ceol* S5
A=#r T»I 4fc T«I.1« ?Parro« SS%
\5!*r "WoOa ... 21*i O-iiscy 15>
r>> rfi s«>' ?hatM>B T^
!>m Ir?-c * =... lf>4'Ta=arar»: I3S
Cd FJ-ct rr=..24r» Tristty T5%
¦?«a ESeetric t«f> :t* S Miaias; 24- t
!i*«s EZectri* 1^ 'f S OC SX%
r» r^.i ;«4 r rtah 453.4
Ka*« Gas ; 41 \nct7r!a-. 3*.
rcftwl Fruit I«7^'^n3oa* TJi.
L> 5ho» Mach... ETt,' Tr<jiv«r!=# teg
Do pfi 31
London Closing Stock*.
rcas f^r =c=#y- «S T « X 'T Central 12»t4
r>> fer aect.iS 3-l^Xor A W*st»ra... 7*J»
kZ2.cr.jvla. *\: Do pfj 94
itirfclsoc R3»!OBt * We*tera... 4.1^
tV> tfd 1C5J«. PecrsTrKaaiA 7»t
Bii: Jt Cfcij l«»Vi Ra=d Mi~s 1114
raa Pactic 13SV R«*di=* *»
:tes & Ohio ;ii. Do 1st pea 45
CM Great "^"'st.. as»i« r» 2-1 tfd »>»:
~il. JC! i St P.17«%*? RjJ»f 37
O- Beers l^H Ek> r« .* !»
Dea & Rio G 24VSO PaHSc 7!»
3o pfi «W f Vnion PuiS: li»
c>ie 4i r>, pfef s^
T>> 1st p<d 73t« C 5 Steel 2*H
DoSdrfd T^t I» ?fd C0-^
HI CestraJ 154 Wataaa 23^
Led* i Vish 14'V r>> pff 4»
tf K *r T»i.is... K^ spaalih 4» >74
Ear sH-s-er— Q^ilet. V.%, i -er oca^«.
Ji-!>*y — S£24 per ce=t.
Tie rate of discocsx ia Us* ctea ciarket far
dhort bills U 3 r«- ceat aad far tire*
zcatis' bills 2 13-14 per cr.zz.
Bank Clearings.
NEX rOKK, Xcr. Ml— Tte foCowta* tabie.
rcrytird by Bradstr-et. siows the baait clear
=T» at tie jriaciTSLi cities fcr ti* week »sd
¦d Xove=ber 17. wita tie s*r«ata«e of 1=
r»a*e au't d«cr«as-f as cta=pared witi :he
s*«>9ea£BC »eek lajt y-ara
-.,..., \\ — P«r=^«—
Vew Tjrk f2.2Tt.2no 5SJ 79* ""
r^ca^j 2Ii*a.731 13.5 .'.'.I
3c«tcc. 1W.821J32 17 I
?t^ad*:phia 123.i«.445 1<4 I.I.
•t. Lcxhm 7O.4G&,<»5 29J
rtit»U:rx aX74l.a>i 35.* . .
raa Fraac^sco .. 3S.C^1,772 13.5
i*:tl=:-;~ T:.»j*.tU 22! f> '.'.'.'.
.-actaaari ....... 24.1K.73O ».>
iOiasas dty 27.22a.5C7 1^.»
V.tt .-trieasa 2-.4^t.aS«» 13.*
M^2T.4« e.5 ....
Kisaea^clis 2^.3S«.l72 2>.l ....
3etrctt 14.4*«.*47 5.1
>tii*Ti!le 1ZS13-.344 2S.S
>=aiia S.CS2.CO1 *.5
ilUwaakee ».^33.C7 s».7 ....
?*nv;diace «¦-¦.:•.»••• 35
iu2ak> S.C7S.C73 IS.» ....
cdiaaapciU 7,«)»i.Tl» 21.1
it. Pad S-TVi-S-W II.*
-<^ Aajp^lss «.Sa2_e*2 14.4 ....
ft_ Josef* 3.»3w,»44 ' 7.t ....
>trser 3.734.342 «.3
3otemtai 5.»a«i.7w» 8J ....
e*nphis 7.J2S.^ll «.4
?*att^ 5.*13. c 3>j Its. 7 ....
iicfc=Krad 3 5—.£J« 2t>.2
Wasairi-tca .. 4.*+4.'5T < » 21.1 ....
Utiay .'. 5.17?!iSS XS.« II 1 1
PcrtlaTtd. Ore. -., 5,f-03.2S5 33.7
rcrt Wcrta 3.417.C*: 11.7
?&*£.?. G-n> — a.ti;.;i4 1.7
Stft Lake City... 4.74S.<X5 1.3
?TOria 3,S4t.c;; ».»
4.153.«a 17.3
?_»rh«ter largest ».*
iartferd 2.9IJ.417 22.2
<asiTiU« 2.S2*- V .927 l».l
>» 3«cta*» 2.30»v224 3.S
?pcka=< Wash... 5.22flL*l* 2».« •
racsTT* X347, < n7 47.3
jr^m P^rids ... 2.4.?1.41»> «.i
v<wfEaTr'ea 2.I31.«T34 34. *
Dertcn ' l.»^4.5.-» 7.1
::-'> Z.7
r =rta*Celi. 3£aac l.e«S.«2' 14.9 .-...
1.45SJ*.2 33.-»
Ms. ... l.*£I.I14 11.9 ...i
'.arujra, Ga. ... ZdZUZlt 21. «
"oe«?ka l.rT>X*y »j»
sc=s atr ~ i.K7.*n 12.7
: rrac3se 1.49.823 ....
ivxasviHe 1.70I.CK* 23.0
VUaslactJC. Dei.T iInJ2_-at ' TTl. 12I7
CciUCTille !.2I<VJi3» 23.7
r^Ttapiirt «2s,c;r
jRle P-ock UOS.tti 13.3
S-ilk-sTsarre i.f2»jK2 2>.5
••»II mrer 7C9,*»O ! 3S.1
liacca 73^.1 29.1
Kt#-I£a«. -W*. Va- . K&.$r.7 " 25-«
STlchita. 1.&T2.CU 23.7
'Vrcn -- - *rtl.ieo l*-3
S^.54"! " i.»
•triasaet^in = «4£52i 25.7
£aU=azooL'-:Ztc&. .34iil2 3:>.4 ,
r«a=«stcws SUU»» 19.2
feieaa 7V.Zm rt.5 :...
--nrctca -«3X*U 3.9
~ars^. X. D 72S.733 4.;
Vew .Eadf 3rd "-'¦-.:• - .... T2.f
rast= C*io - 5*3. «i> 17 3
rack^raTill-. r!». I.If^5W> C2.2
»wea ...... sax. eso it x
T*»est«r. Pa «S->.«^1 5.«
-.re-cstscrc Pm.... :27,i»4
Saekted. TU 323. «s« 15.1 ....
2i=Eh33r:m . SS3^» 23. 1 ....
tcriariisid Obi*. 42S.CW 1.2
>'<-,r.:=«r.:-. K.- 3OX123 1>.2
j^isrrr. r« --U7^e — a.*
¦ tcxtx FaUs. i 1 . £>- »»
lar^fleid. Oat>. - , !*».«S 15.7
Vcatsr. RI 2T2.fSC 2.1
autsesrfa*. nt: 2*3. -*42 «.« ....
Resect. r*i.... T<w.4--5> 5.2 ....
Kru^Jtt 15.737-JTr: 3>.«
Gohrcstn - l*.3V*.i»J»> 2.1
i 1 . C_ l.enjtSl 21.0 ....
:.-»ad Rapids ... 523.««2 '
Tctaif. tr. 5$x;etoi»m * k.s ¦ TTTT
Octsfde.X. T. t.C41.2SS.e=J .17.2 ;
l\taipea: -....--. 7.«77.23«i 4.1
Vtawa 2.tf<2-ti57 ¦ 1».7
£alirai I.»K2S> ..;. «.5
ra*b<e« - — 1.255.857 !?.!
"arcocrer, B. C_ I.«23.74» 1K.2
iaaiiltia l.5>7.ffl» 3.2
*«.Cca. Ctet K«««.iaj *.5
t Icbs*. X. B- »«2J=» .... ».5
"K^tsria. B. C-... TM.an .... 4 .C
Texzl*. Car..." . $3<<.lC!J.3i9 .*... 3.9
•Xot ia<rfvded In t«!caa.«e ccetalaisg
tier f.ests tia.= <-?*ariri«.
Couditic:! of- tl»c Treasary-
WASHING POX. Jiov. , is. — To-«t»y » treasuj
rr statercect: AralUb!* tufc b*£iace. 1113, - '
I1.S> V : (pEid. «4.e;2.447.
Xcw York Cotton -rfcet.
N'ETV TOKK." Xev. t«.— Orttia fstare*
f^'^d «t»«dr: December^ S.Cle; Jasnary j
.71e; Fthrcary. 9.75c; Marcft. 9.<2c; AcrlL :
».N$e; Hay. J.W- Ja=e ».0»»; *aiy, S.»*c:
-Vi«cst. *.7^-; S«;tenr.I»r. *.2Sc.
Futures trtos*d -steady: - Deveint^r. 3.Cfc;
February. 3.T5c; Sfar--i. S.S-lc; April, •.SSe.
May. ».twxr; Jjm. 9.S7;; JFttiy. ICr.
Spot eros-»l da!L 5 points iow*r- Dtddiia?
tipiinds. Ivc; Etd'iliri g*ilf, 11*.-J5c, s.ii«. 7'0
baits.
New York Grrin and Produce.
XEW YORK. Nr--. IS.— FIjOrR— Receipts.
I7>»<>: «o.:r;5. 13>.3n>. llart'l. cpii-ft *3d
C«rtlal!y 2<>vrer. lfrniw miTa rarETits, S f » ltiifs
¦". 35: d,-> bai?r? Si j".§4 tO>.
WHEAT — Receipts. lt).O:D. 5pct. «t«a.dy:
N"f> 2 r-d. 51 21 f. «. b aScat; Xo. 1 XortS-
T3 Duiuta. $1 2t*» f. o. b- a3c*t; Xc. 1 nar>i
lUatiuifca. SI CS% f. o. b. aScat. Optics* tad
a sc«» fcr»ccca tr«a'c usder b^aruh Are^a
tins win. weai cafcl-es and lib^nl Xirthwfat
receipts. Bec<>v-ert3* Iat-?r ca a scar- cf shorts.
fc*!?ed by a ksSM Md^m MUi»r r«pcrt lai
Western bajlas. tie — ¦> »a-« c!o«H»d ftrnt at a
rarti*I le. net adirar-re. Hay clc*-d. SI t-'i 1 *;
/3ly •-.. ¦<=!¦¦ $1 fcli- aad D».:«=b«tr clcveti *i IS.
HOPt— FIr=. '
HIDEf-FIre!. .
PETP.OLEwM— F:r=.
COFFEE— Future* cicsed steady. 15 asi »
pctat* lcw«r. Sales. *Z&* tar?- rvc-^ter. »f.«
§«-75.j; Jaaoary <i.S3c; J: . - 7f«7.«.j«:;CiLi7.
7.C<S7.2.V: July. 7.3C<g7.40e: Aac«*t. ..«c;
Sspt-:=b^r. 7.C0>57.33c: October. 7-3i37.iSCc;
Spct R;e. steady; Xo. 7 livcic*. S 7-l"5c. mild.
sttady-
StGAR-pjT. etrrrx; fair r«S=i=y. 4Se;
testctfesatj M tss*. i\c; LMilajaea sarar r 5%c.
R«~ed. scrcr.j; crushed. (J.15c; p>}"»-irsd. 3-iSc;
B L-TTKI;— Ccciasr? ¦*.
EGGS — Ur.'-.ts.^xvi.
DRIEU FRL1TS.
EVAFORA.TX31 APPI.ES — Ccntin:** qsiet on
l^it des^aad. Cucnoa -^tf* 1 *^; prfeae. 4 l ; c;
ch»jt.?». 3*S4c; fa=cy, «5^S»i4c.
PRUXES — Steady. Qaataticna ransa Cnsa 3
Vt <ic. acojfiint to grxde. -
APRICOTS— Firm- Ct*zi>:*. 3"-j^lCc; extra
rtscice. It>Jr 4 g:ii>uc: fxacf, llglic.
PE-KCHE^— Ftrrr. Ctoi>.-e. 9^9 ric; extra
chclce. Ofjiilu:; £icc7, I*4^Ui;
>"etr York Metal Market.
,XE*.»* TORS. Xot. 1«. — Dcnr^atic r=etal
ciariet «:cr:tiii3«i ririer 'itilet. bat siowca a.
ren-wal cf ftrrsz-esa cq th* i?a.iersM^ c" for
*:«ra aarksts. Tl3 was higher la Lcni'?a,
witr. kp(K ciceiai at £t~* 15s aad tetBTM it
£I-t2 C?. L«-caily i2i« niarket shewed a ftms
tort?, aithcujh iu«=«» repcrt»ii was irvler
at*. -?Fot was coated at S^» KG29 274-
Copper was also hish^r ta tb^. Lccloa niar-
Itet at Zi»i lft« fcr l*ot asd £'J7 (Sac; futarea.
LtKiiijr tie msxi^t rtiie<i £ra with. lake
it JI* &>6U >74: etectrr!lytJc at <Ii 5C914 75.
a=d ..¦ast:Es at St4 SSQM c:4.
Leaf was i siiie I<?w*r ta L»ind:a. closing
•: £1. 1'Ts "¦!. bet ?>=— iir.'i f.r— Jc^allj with
COatatSeBS ran?:=s from S4 2:?f?4 7<i.
?p«It^r was firta at £ZZ 5s "a Londco. Lo
cal'y tie r-.-irtL«: ».!*> was firm, ua-rtaas— 1.
ct!3in« at S3 5« «65 •».
Iron cl-w.d at 323 ia GU«o* i- i at 4< ! «
r^-.d la. Itiddlesfcera. Lixrally trca la ina.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Prorbion?.
CHICAGO. Xcv. IS- — Sectircest in. tb* wisea:
pit at lie cp-»ni=* «« fceariah. Cantrtt'itiaa
to the d<;r»ssicn were fc*<r cabtes a_3d a r*
fcrt cf irixral shfptaects fria. Arsetitioa.
X-.rthw-;itira rec-f;ta. wbtch tcr s<:me tina
fast fcav» b*»a raiaUer tfeaa fc-r the eom»
tp«-3iiiif ¦isij a year a?^, W'ire sosKwtai ia
excess to-day. This fact," takes ia cocsec
tlea with the ccsti=ire-i exrtilrzt weather Cn
tfc* movesient cf tie crop, tad aaoJi la d3
witt tbe hiiciai weakness. Op*oi=« q-=eta
ttcae cn D«t«:=fcer wst* -:C to S^S 1 :: a^
SI K>H tc »l ie^- May iras *»«Ta !,§^c to
S* at *1 IO^iJti IGH to SI 1C\. During tie
first. hsur ssUias wa* quite general, comrnry
sion Hctises - and t»it traders havisg picsKF of
GiTieri2«s cn. the rnarfces. Th* .ieinanii. hc*"
eTer. wa* e:=:par-itiv*iy light aai is. eocae
<;cerxe cri'^s <tecll^<i still farther Det^rs&«r
selilnt off la $1 Hi iliy reacted to tl l^i-
Li:«r. s<»n.:t:aect Is th* f.it fcecarie btllisii ir>i
c-c active coverisj by shnrts tie mariet ex
perienced a *ub#taz:ia! raliy. On* caa;* cf
tie improved demaod was a repor. frtwn. Uli
seapol^ cialnic* sales o? €0.C^> barrel* st
icir tben t>-d»y. Aosther factor »w 2 rtpcrt
cf *. £t- I-:, r tr*.ie >juraal sayiss there had
t«n r>j relief frcr* drougit cec<£:tio&9 :2 tie
Scutiwea-t. Oc tie adTance Deoember s»?id tip
ti> Si Ufa a£id 3Cay ta SL 11 * s . Tie fflferket
tlcseJ ir=r. »ic 2rtgi:-i- far D<?«:eaiber at SI 11 «%..
Hay cics^-J at >l liS»ei liS-
Ccra wi higher fcr D»ce=;5«r as
4>S<
t>eces;her cats cioaed a shad*- up at 2S^c-
PreTte.-".&» is-er* »a«v as a resalt cf litmral
receipt* at keg* a=.i lower prices at the yar-U.
TT»e rotate of tsLHSe-s was T»ry fljit. Jic
oary perk clceed 2'-.<^i; lower. Larl "¦-* ribs
were esi^rfe Jcwn -%<:.
The >a .i'.rc tstsres rasxM as faltf3'**:
ArUeles — Ops^. E«!s. Lew. Clos-i.
Wi;i: Xc. 2—
Dwdsfcer 1 10'-, l lit* 1 ii> 1 nt.
May 1 |«% 1 114 1 J« ¦•'-% 1 ll^i
Jsiy srs »s% »7-» as-j
C^ra. Xc. 2 —
D*ce=i«r Z>>\ 5O*4 43 «H
3i*y 45% 45T, 45^ 43^
Jdr 43^ *3t» 45S 45H
OaU X* 2—
XiAeober 25\
Dt«=iber 28^ 2S\ 2»H Sjt,
2iliy SI 1 * 31S Xt'-» 31-*
Jair SIij S14 Siu 3it
V«sa Pock. s*r bbi —
January 12 O» 12 CJ 12 57*, 12 »>
May 12 «3 12 7O 12 «2^ 11 C7U.
LM. ;«r lOO I£«—
Jasmary 7 «S 7 «T4 7 »» 7 fc^i
3i*y T 17V, 7 17^ 7 13 7 17S
si-irt Etfts. rer !!>• Ib»—
May « «2t, >t «5 « 624 * 155
Ca*h Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Xot. is.— Osi caetat&in were
as follows: F!«cr. easy; X->. 2 sprta* wt*at
SI !'>&! 15. Xo. 3. 51 «.S.S1 13: Xo. 2 -=d"
SI 134fsl 14\; Xo. 2 cora. SiS34-;: Vc -
y*IJcw. 37V.c; Xc 2 cat*. 2S4<; X.x 2 wh£te.
Sr^e^^ic: »>. 3 wfcit*. 51§lT3 t c: Xa 2
rye. TiVjc; «c>I f*edii? barley. 3«.§3SC<; jaj
t5 efceice maitiCJt. 42©52c; Xc. 1 fiaxse*.:!.
>1 1»; Xo. 1 Ncrtiwertera. |1 1*4; mess p.7rit
per tW. Sll 10«U 15; Emrd. p?r 1*> lie. « S3
£¦4 374: *hcrt rib* *44c* ulo.:««). t.-; 774"aVrt
clear Sui-s itoi«c». f«7igiiJ«74; wtttxkr.
ta-«is cf tlsrii wiaes. SI 24; closer, coctract
grade. S12 23.
.KilifZltf — ¦_ Reo«t;ts. Silpo^ct*.
Floor, barrsij ............ T7,3iT> * »«>»
Wheat. basfc*U 10C.«>4> 213 3a>
Ccm. toshers 343.CtiO 33 5f*>
Cats, bushels 13A.3»X> itfl.SjO
Rye. -.-;.-? 6>20O * SJ»
Exrlfr, ttishtla S5.»> ' U.&)
Batter. Cheese and Ess? 3 .
CHICAGO. X<rr. 1*. — Oa tie Prodoecj Ex
ciaare to-day the tetter market was «t*ad»
r-anieri»9. l*e-^4e: dairies. I3-@2I.-r: «rsi"
if;ady tc flrt=. at mark. l«4©274c: Crsts Ctc-
SCtESC ftrsts. 2*:; extras. 2s:; eh-ese. steady'
CATT1-E, SHEJIP AXD HOGS.
Clilcaso.
CHICAGO. Xw. IS. — CATTI-E R«c«irts :
4W-: ssea.iy. Seed to rrtis- srte-rs. *4
S 60; peer t* tr-di==2. « 7'>; srccker«
aod Cteden. JT2^I 13; eews. *1 23S4 *>-' £^
*rr. »1 75-53 23; careers, $1 23.^4 ZQ; " ba^s r
Jtij-t 23; caires, K Z&QG 73; W«t«ra s*.e-r« •
$5«i3 15.
H«>G3 — R<!cefFt«. 2I.CCO; *3-niorrow. 1S.WC; .
niark't avTSS 1 * &r lutlju. 2ftx«l ajai butchers* I
%h <Z&2 *3: -:•_<-' to cfeote* keai-y. S4 s»v»j ¦
4 57 l . : rciffh beavy. S* 45tJ-* <?; Ifghx. $4 O v a '
4 75: bntlk of sales. *t 7*^4 sa
SHEEP — P_*:e;pt». I0lC£O; »t«ep. stsajy: !
Ia~ts. strong- Goctl.ta c&oioe wethfrs. Si 23'
fair to choice isii?cl. $5 5C494 2j: We«f- !
•r= sJ'«»?. »."itJ5: n«pve Ia=ib». $4 SdgiJ 23; s
TVeaxira ias:^. St 3flP{3 75.
i\jn-a x \_icy.
KAXSA5 CfTT, Xor. 1?.— CATTLE— P.e- *
ceirvts, 2Cm>; etfaJz- Xatire steers, $:: zotl
« 2iS; natlre cctt^ anJ beifers. %'i Z^'o^Z: ">tcc-c- f
e« a=<i f»ed-rs. 12 253-1 10; bells. ** 73«,; 3tf : |
calT«:s. $2 5OJJ5 • : >: W«*tera ste«rs. ?i§* 75. f
\T«iter3 cexs. $1 SCifJ* C5. ¦
KOCi — Rew-ipts. Si'XO- &ark?t 5e to*«r, \
H<»»T. ** !8C^4 St>: packers.. f4 7Ci$t S5; pig* !
a»t Ujrht*. M i>:-S4 7».
SHtS?- Receipts. 4C0CV: st*adj-. Miittnasi. [
S3 7Cfi4 Si/: laiscrf. fl 23<g3 S3; 1 raa^^ wetit- t
«rs. S1S4 73.
Oiaaba.
OMAHA. Xebw 2&t. t«.— CATTLE— r>- }¦
c*tpts. SCO: carket r «r.erally stsatjy. Xa- 1
live st«rs. S3 7-#$ 33: cow* and teller*. $2 S3 !
Cl: W*st-Tn it-<rs. *: SO«S-t SO; Texaa st«-r». ;
$3 TJ-tt^ r*c** coir^ as»i fceifers. *2 23.1S j
.". SO; eaoaers. <1 734s2 25: steckers and feed- T 
ers. «3 50^4 CS; calves. fS 3O§5 5O; ixtlLs aad i
•:«-. «IS-^ S5-
K'XIS — ftfceipts, CCOJ; market. - sfcads to *• ;
I->w«r. Hea«T, *4 fZ^i 73: mixed. f+-i53«O"
4 73; Bjfcr. 54 G.<&* 7l>; ptrs. S^S S<>; bulk
c< sales. Jt »2** CTH
5HEE?—R--c?!fta. 93»»; =»rket <?x»i«r; ;
fV-ier* sttady. Western yearftoss. $t life
< e«; wtfers. $4 IC^-i 3»: •»«. M W-!|-t a>: I
ccr=ni«?c an«i sioefcers, 5^ 5O64 23; laaitw. $315 I
* 5<i
5USCTEL.LA2WEOCS 3IARKETS.
Fbreisn Fntnres.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— .. : De:. ' , *t»r- i
Opcittiur •#..»..... j • *H * <*"*\ r 2'|
Cioflln* •-• .... 7 1*» 7 5fi 7 3 ]
PARIS.
Wte-at— ' Xcr JJar.-Ja^.. i
OTpexiiar 23 «5 2> li
Cl«nn« 23 £> 25 15 j
Flier— - -j ¦ , ' ¦ ¦ -. ¦¦•..¦
C^#dr^ :...:.....*! C 33 Cl> '
O<*ia* ----- Si ft> C »
St. Louis Wool 31arket. ; !
ST. IJOCIS. Sa*. 15. — Wooi. stsadv to Sn». i
ProTialos*.
T£-"r» ia nfl'iiiae new. eitisr t«re «!r at
W"*st«rr» wan
CCRED JIEATS— Bmrs tQ^t V" Ib fcr
heavy. 10"-jc fcr Usbt EV<Hsa. 13c frr I'fSt.
Us far »itr» lisht «3rl 1*^ fss 1 *cyjr-esrr«l;
iirr Sait S£l*» !•>:: Belfies. lie; Eastern sayir.
care4 Kjt« lIH^IC^-r: CaU'rraSa Em.
12ail-,c: MeW Beef. #lwei<> J* p-r ti£; exrra.
M-«s. ¦$!«> 3e«ll; FamCy S12^12 5»>t . piraa*
l£«ss Pork. *14 3«?; e*tr» clear. fTI; iT-i*.
*I<i 5t»: P5s Pc-5t. *25; Pt»s" Feet. **-. ==??ieri
He-f. Me per fit
LARD — T»*r:*» q-zctt-i at "J-ic p!? Ib frr
Caitforrrfji eosLpnicd. 7c for Eart-ra cocs^cusJ
*=i S^d4« f» P"«; -a:. -Enrre^. pure. V>9
**»«; 10-Us tins. I9-*c; i-Ib ti=s. l**ic; 3-£b
t=s. l^vic.
COTTOLEXE — Ose fca'-f barre! SSe: -.•!?«»•
balf barrels- *H<: «=* t>rce. ¦»*»€. two tierces.
S- t c; CTe tierces. S^,e r«r 1^-
Hide*. Tallow. Wool and Hops.
EIDHS -Ofl> S3OX?— OsHs a=4 tr*a«b sen
aicst Ugic csier <;ub*atlC39. UeaTy salt-*!
S-~r« 'lie: nr-fdl-JE! »Or: llsAt. ¦**»«: *^«' r
H!-iW »H= f* Nitt a=4 9S< for IicM:
5ta?i. Tc; Salted Kip. l»*ic: S»lte4 Vejd.
lie: Salted Calf- 11 Sc; <irr H:<Se«. l7He: try
Kip I5o; <trr CaUL 2«3c: Steer»*^=». aaemrJicjn.
2Sg4.>- eaffh: sltoct Wccl. *J'8?3<: **cii: ise
4-52: TigSOc; Icwr Woo*. 1181 M: Hcrse
Hides, talt. ST. tiT Ur*» *=--i t2 »^ Is?
ras^-as. « K452 for r=*a asi »r fir < -iju:
Hcr««- HMts «lrT. *1 TJ f» !ars» *=<S T. tl©
1 &> frr rcedic=. *1 for snalL 5Ae for Ccit*.
Back Sit=»— Dry M<3?^a=. 3Sc: *lrT tatted
M»r.^*=. 2Sc- dry C*r*ral A=»rtra3. ST?c; Gcat
5i!3i — Prtate Aereraw 73c: «xtr». Urje ««.
tl »: !ari« Me;^sed'.aci. 33e: -xuilU 2Oc
TALLOW-Xo. 1 rendered. ±Q4H-= E«^
N> • 34c; Gr»ase. f^C^- •
wootr— Fall eU5 — S*a ica^iis aai 5>3oti
enx. >eil<c- Sccth-m. S4f3c: 5c^ti«r= Moca
taia. 9flgUc; MH2I* Coa=tl-* fr*e. !-5I«:
Co d«fec:?T» V'^SiZc: Xcrt^ern fr?* 12^14-r:
cc. difectiT*. 16©I2c: H3=bo:-J: a=< il?*i?
c«-o Iftfit^c r«r Ii. - ?
HOPS — 1*>4 CTC5. tae^Sc C>w Dh.
3Ieat Market.
Tbe sitaaticn recMiss i=cha=4r*I ?=;r^*»
cT <?TerjtJiirf; ctjcclio* S'^fS-.test fir ti* -i*
caat
DKESSzH> 1TEAT3.
VTh.^le«3l# rates frjta ilaujhTertrs t.3 i«4l*rs
are asioIScwj ;
BsZET — 5Q7c f;r Steers ail 4CSC- ¦t5«" -^>
fcr Cow». W
VEAL — r-ar?». «S7^ic: sniar 7^0c rer IS.
STTTTOX— Wether?. 7g7^-. Ewes. e©Tc per
-c:=i
PORK— Dr«»^ Kc«s €?.«c r«" »¦
LITESTOCK MKRKST.
Tbe foUowtap q-sctati.rss are tm ryoi- *w»i
IjT»atack <Je»tiere-« la 5aa Fruscisco. :«33 t&&
43 urcsf. ihrtskac* f^r Cattie:
CATTLE — Sts-r* 7t^©7^c: Caws' a?rf Heif
ers. SHe'Jijc: this Cows. *@2c per IS.
CALVES — l&f-je V> •yross weighty
5KSHP— W«ai-T». 3h©5*»c; 2T»?s. SUS^s
?«r Ib (yrras w«tyt;>.'""
LAilBS— 13 K«2 TJp*- tad.
HOGS— Lire Hours :*•> to 22» lbs. 4%c;
o=*»r 140 I^.. 4i;eiV: *oft Ho«s. =^t wast
ed: Sowj_ 2<> ;«r cect cS: Boar?. 5<> p*r ceat
o2. a=l £=»ys. Vi p«r cert off fresi ahO7»
qactatlciis.
General 3Iercbandiae.
BAGS — Grala Ea*s. SJJP t»; Saa Qaest-=.
H SO: Wcoi E^z* 3Cr3.12c; Fleece Twise 7*i«-
COAI^— W#nt=*tsts. |J» prr tm; Xew Wel-
Kcartcn. »»: Seattle, ft SOi Brra-r J4 20-
Be»T»r KEl (4 30: RcsSya. »7;- CCo« B»y.
»5 SO: Ki-'&^scnd. »7 »; C-^i-rTic-i -tli fca
bulk a= ; 414 3 b> - sacks; Pes=*yiv*ci* Aa
thra -.¦:• Jl*. Welslt Ar.tiri -:» U^f J13:
Welai Le=pL *11 50; Ca=ae^ fci per tsa; Cak-»
111 rr-s: •- -«r us t= tcUt a=<! *li to sacks:
Rc<i7 3f acstala cl*scriyrt?r~?. |S 5<> ;er sicrt
ton.
OIL5-r<J^ctatiarMi are fcr tarred ; far cases
*li 5c; Lirjeed. 5Ie pev r»i:.;a f^r fcciied aid
49e- fi»- raw; Caster OC. ts casesv Xol 1 79c;
Eakers" AA, cas« «1 1&5» 12; Lam Me for
bo-Jed a=d 4.<e for raw; Ci^aa X=t. eases.
OQMe I»r yaltai; Cbecaact Oil la iarr«.«.
SSe tar CertcG aa* 23c far Australian; extra
b>ac!sed wtater S^era CU. €S<: sarsrsi w^^^r
Sp-rrsi CJ. «3c; extra t>aci«d wirter XTaa:*
OU. 57c; cats?*: Whale Oil. 32S: extra waiter
«rala«l Larf CO. 73<r; Xol 1 LarJ, Cf£>. «Oe;
ptrre Xeatsfoct OU. 73c: Xa. 1 X-atsfcoc CO.
E3e; U«S:t Eerrtrir Ct! 42c: iJark H-rrt=c Ct!.
40c: BsbM Oit *4e; c:..fi FisS OSU S7c; raw
Fe!: OU. 23c; txal-at PaS:t QU. 33s- m raw Paiit
oa Jic
COAL OH>— Water WTtite Cca! O3 la lesli.
lit; Piarl Oa 1= casijs. 1»V-: A»tra! I3'^c:
Star. I* 1 "*: EStra iftar. 23^?-: EUia-. »-;
Eoreae 21 H^: D~:-4--»^s*d j?c.>** GasoUrev ta
balk. l"te: ia eajes. 22S«: Escxirre. ia ia^.
13c; tn iaj*«. 13 l s <r: S4-d-sres Gaacilse. ta
fcttTc 23c: 1= cases. 21c
TVHPEXTIX2:— *lc P*r yail^i ia case« as-1
73e in irsaa a-.-t frea barrels.
RED -VXD WHITE LEAD— P.-d Ij-ai 7^9
7»i- per tb; TTM:e L«i -U^H?. aaesrsias
to trcaatity.
BCGXB —^Tbe TTisirs Star E«2aizx Cc=
pasy «ric:€3 a* follows per ii. is. idVIb bar*:
Ccbes. A era«he<i a=d Bice Craahe^i. «.23c:
Powd«re>i. «.10«; Caady Grasulatnj ilOci Dry
Grasulated. e=<». »2c; Dry Gra=ciat«d. ocarse.
fe: Frctt Gra2ci»t*ci. Scr Beet GrasrijteiJ
<1O>-Ib. hays os^jl. S.Mte : Cottf«ctlc=er»' 4. «<-
Mi^rr :. 1 A. iCBc: ITxtr* C. 3.50c: Gofiea C
iiCc; "T>." 5.5»>:; carreU. 16c tasr»: half
barre's. 25-r store; bcxea. 3C« trore; 3*>-iis iagj
10c mere for all *.-:.•«. Tablets — Half tar-^'j"
C3«3c; boxes. €.7Sc; H. * & Crystal r-'-^f-vw."
•Jc per Bl Xu -jnler* talL>a Car Je«s t*aa «eT
eaty-4vi carrels <w Its etjaiTaiest.
Recetpt? of Produce.
FOP. FRIDAY. XOVEMBER 13.
Ftjcr qr *ks. ..21.SW? WceJ. fcalra ...;. 549
tvt^ai. ctjs 4.S«0< Feed, sks SSS
Barley. cti» 7.^« Tai!-rw. «!• 23
>"ii» ctls 1.2Si> Leather" rclls v>
3*az« j^* 5.473 Ride*. Xo 777
Pctatce*. sis ... l.^K: Pells. Xo r-UTZ
rtelccs. skj 2« U=e tfcis ' l«*
Bran sis ZV> Sv&ir. ctls !.»»*
Mi-Mliiyj. sis .. l_2f<> Rairlra bxj 2i€»^
Hay. toe* 42-?' Brazrfy. rai» l.«»>^
Hc?». bales « Wine saU .."... . 44223
WA3HTXGTOX.
Fleer, f? sis- -.!•>, *:»» FUxsee*. sk> ... 3.^13
Oats, ctls 3kCt»>
S-V3TERy.
Cats, ctls Gft Floor. ?r tka... «c*
STOCK 3IARKET
Trading Still EliceUenU but With
Fewer Variations.
A var.^J as3rrt3:f2t cf stocks wu dealt rs
', en tii B-ji^l Ejk t.i-±s* yesteriay. tai tie rsl-
T:r-ff of btisti-Me «-ij *ciall<r a=>3 ti* ffuctua
tJc^a were fewer *s>i narrower. Ti-re was
EMuJerat* tradl=ir ra th« wag%rr at abect tt«
, <r3ctaticas tt tie pr-c«ISEs <iay. Oa« »avj
£Il*ctiV «aa tiySsr. selltsg- c? tj JC3
A-i-ui Packers •<.. : frcia $37 l:-»i to &S2&.
Tee cil sfcarts ccBtiaras-i QSi*:. Tb<» Ctaa
•toei zri-.'rg joarerr si»wrt no change, trst th«
icafipahs w«r« Sns,i>i a--ttTe. with ticJaer
prtce* fcr «e7i»ral. nctairy i i— :•:. as will be
sees t> t?te list oc «a!e«. Ther- Is aa as»e9»
s:":it ef 2* oa Sccta Ecrtia II.- :ri Cs«=paay.
l.\-' >3aesrsest9 in: Tfc* Ta':t Ccsaol!
, <Ute-i Gold Sllalaf Cosipany cf X*-. > U Oes
: ty. t «a.l per stare. d^Uaqoertt Deeetsaer 2">;
Ulti3» M!ui=j Cctajaiy. 1 c*it per siarf. De
. c<=sfc«w li: Gr?at D«j:e GcW Vising Cccrj*.t7,
-"*» c»c*-* per share. Vvaazber »; Jastfce M;-..-^c
Company. 5 ceata per sfcare. P^csjiwr i; ;_»
!li '-- • Water Cotnc«ny. S3 CA y«r ffeare. De
cent c*r 13; S2f«r Cr«ek a»S Paaoci* Lia]
aad W»*r Caspar-y. Jl per afrare. December
15; Caltforaia- Fcrtma Oii Cssspmsj. 5 ce=ts
per »!sar». I>ce3ifc«r 13.
Aa *«5*a»T2*r:» cf $3 p»r share *u AfEseri^st
ye«?rfay oa th* :ip :»: stcck of th* E<^^l4er•
I-ia-i Cc-rspaajr.
Tbe K«T«=e3?ate Ulst=« Cr=sp*3y cf 3ootl«
Pat-iii ta^ .tjcIir^S a rsyalxr cacati^- ffirt
.i-»&4 of 23 cesra per share. ;«:i-:< Xoresi
cer 23.
Tim >>-.>-: :-. :a Ccpper Mlniit Cossjaay of
\T •-*.».- •» pa!4 a di«i.i*u<i cf a> cetts per - ¦ i.-«
yjsteriar. Tbe rats. was tie saire as that cf
tie t*»t prrxt«us -I. '. >ni -
It !s r»p«rt-tt that ti» Frctwrseri .«•-» cf tZ.
<K»X«W> 6 p«r ce-at I*-ye*r i-;-. i* ty the A£sska
»Pac5ter»" a«'--'.h •- ias an bees »BlwcT:fc«»i
fcr t»t* f ct cu u»tay :--i: Iesc^it<«e3: Bask «f
CaSfcrBta. Wells Faryo & CO-"s BboX. Cr^cksr-
WcelWvirtJi Xatioeal Bask aad tbe Saa Fraa
eisvo SaTi3Ss t'nioc Of tS» *I.it«)L€t»> «re-»
Btock that U t» b* ; . ' i *'..-¦"• >"'.!• leas i:r-a t/
t<:ea ttr>I*TWT:ttea *: par br sereral of ta*
fc»rr-<*t stcck!Mitlir3 of tie etstsarrr.
STOCK AX1> BOND EXCtt.V>GE.
fredat. x*r. i« — ; p, o.
CXITED STATES EOXDS
BiiJ. A«t-I B14 A»i.
tt <jr «ap..l':*^»l<«\ tf <;r <p Bew.tSOijUi
45 «r rey...t»:* : ilt'«Ti'-'«s q* eespt.. — —
HISCEULAXEOC3 BOXDSL
Ala A W i*. — — SC*« T Co Ca-litsii —
As*# Oil 5s. *" j t>» 5» 113 —
Bay CPC 3*-10:*.ierV I>» ecc --. !--.:% _
Cal C O Ss-lflCSt*" ,Oc*a=ie S Sa. » «»,
Ca* O 4 S c/ iOa CaJM* «*.I2Ui- —
ra Jfc « Jj. *4 — } P»r G Irs *s. — 57
»"4i-»; C 3».ll* '— [PERy 5»..lMt«ia!i
C C Wat 3». »J — :P * C H «•.!&» —
E^L.*P«».12i — IP A fj R b.mu __
F.4 C H «». — — Pow»I?-» €*. — _
G*arr-*t Se- *> — $$mc E-Ji?..N. '••• 10>>i
K C*i? *S*1«5 — SSy A SJV3a_U*ii _
Do ij 1W> — ~ s-Sierra R *». -_¦
Km R T rj :f r-. — rS P of A «a
T. A ETec Ss. — ICC^s ilSO> ir*r; _
L A Ry S*..m — * H»li» t»*4 —
L.UCo*- - ISPtfCb
Do gt* «*- — — • : »lS*3)=r A; — I^Jt; ;
Do *td StlOt l»ij' tI3C«>5r B. — — I
LAP lea S*lf>t — ? «1?C*» .....l»*»i —
Jlit-st C *m.U9 — i H2ZZ* 114 —
Do 1cm -*.«*% — |?PC t cr 3& — —
MVi M:T3*.:;V. H» [ Do «M=--i.l T,: >-.:
XRR «rf OS*.!':*^ — TS P B RT «tl«^t»i.
Do S* ii«»,_ £5 v'Was <S.l *\ —
X P C R 3s.ICSH - ! n»4i H=s.tCC\i _
V C Ry 3s..- — 112 t * Do ts C&a. ®s^ —
XCPC5*. SO — t Dor r=nti »t- —
X S R R 5». — M *Srfc». GAE>*«. S3 ¦ —
OG L*H i». — 1I« ff G * E 3iir-, —
O TV *td 5fc — ICO Jru otSFIf. — —
"WATER STOCKS.
Oostra Ccata — 33 TPort ¦Cowia... — —
3£aria Oa... — f» !5 v- Wat Col 33^ *»
GAS AXD ELECTBIC.
CtBt * F. 3». — t£ r G * B. Si^i —
MBtaal E U 1<>H tl «?tla G * E. — 54
Pas Z» Co... «» «liITOAECtt.— —
IX5CSAXCE.
rJceta'5 Fad.31* 32*
> • m VToirk !-tock* g*Ti*raIly l«7wrr.
Xei» York. 1'i.i'Ivaitse "till weak. SQ
%*t nf% matcriaiiy changed.
Ltx-al *i»»ck> enj bond* -till sell t»^1L
bat with fewer \-arfatiort><
Wli^ai quiet aad steed). Barley
Arrival cf a cor cf Eis<icrn t)ai.-.
liran and SIi»>rt« iOtr lii^iMT. Mitl
drs«inc on tlii- market.
Voctdas new fa Rcan* and Sctvl*.
Isolator* -till ta lar^c supply. Onion*
«irr:Ur hckL
IlctxHtp*s c»f I'oultry mnd«Tat<" aad o£
*icine liberad.
>'rtrit Riarkrt \rcn sopplicd atul qai^t.
Provisions fnsctitc and *»ithoat
feature.
Mipp*»*s of Meats saS.ieat for all
need«.
Better, Cbeese and ll^z* *tiil ,'...:._
dov.Tiw ard.
EAiTi^lX MARKETS.
-^— —
New Vork .'Iciw-jr 3Iarket.
NETT TOF.K Sar. 1;.— JI.=ey c= .-all
«t*tiX. tith; "»~*~i L'.i- ;'i; cCene-i. :'-»
Tt=^< l-auis. 5tea.i>; etrty da?s.
¦*"-*C3i, p^r cert: c:=«ry »iar» as-i «ti BWhl
3^»C* ><;r c»io Prt=« cser-castile r*i«". -t^S
*-? j«z c«m. s:*r:;rx *x— ¦*33:e «i »tr--^y.
•Si a-t^i; t=<:a-*s jr. L*nier< btBl at
Si 5'ri5i.< • ;r ie-ti^i Bad «t f4jMC9O«-*CS
for ••xtv-daj- fcCis. Pc»-.e-± rate*, t* -SC-*f4 *7'— .
'-Vrr.,-:<g-^a: tills $4 SCV Ear «U«r.. 3*'- 4 t
V^xic*a i::U.r«. CC^e Risia — Ocr«rr:=:--ts,
• :«a4j-. irrer^'ar-
Nev York *»:ocV Mark«-
M;vr TOiRJC. Kit. IS. — Th«*e »ii *^i ex
cised f:r-r &sri-t tt» tr. i---r -I t>-iaj'»
ft -a. =Lirs«. pr.idi*ily . «t:se to tie eecSfeaa-
:i "« *'.'.i cu\«-*r-. .n 5-^g*r aa-I
JUMtrraalrf Canier «itfc wi^ic-i last bUM'I
~.^i»t clc**<i. Bat ti-i ei*i wa» tf hT 1 cS the
cci'esest ty tie sace«*siv<e eettack* t3 5a«ar"«
*2.ru ta j-rt c;, ty tii« r*lap«<! ia AeII
ftrritei *>n«r ta: T*=ce»s*e Cc*I to a
BCJts ¦trier last aicit. tni ta ti« y.«:t:=« ef
'*~fT Faeiic to ca< extent ct a point. As
tte»* f—*i (IraM tb* raais CSree of y»st*r
c*n.y * I*te aii*=c« their *:iisturtV>n. fcai a
•cr^cj fTrr.?*.;r*t:<: e"-c^ ce th« g^cerai nr
ko. T>«r- wrt -o ctii'tr ia«7ver=«nt* of saf-
B ". :^X ; -rt*sc« ta art cpwari directi'3a to
cSact tti» tsSaes^-*. Tt»r* wa« aj»o a re
ri—-~.:.z. tt -;:'?r-t eivai.cr« ia *c=se cf the
- .-• : .*—"¦• ->t •bw Otg*. wtaei has rro»n 1
ta tat e a <iisi=ctiy csiavoraii* effe>rt on tb*
C»=erai »-»-*«> Tie iay'* r:«w# cf actual i
-- - • ¦ rj" ¦»-** Ml cr.satLrfactJr>"- The e»
*m*»=*rr eg »>"•-. «>X> ».l'iiti iiuil ETi4 for Parts
- -t.» «r.-l tl:* rrrjrri^f ef a r^teetica ta i
• -e -- .-•"* t*=i ttiteai^rt of tie fcea»y wftis- ;
<!n'»jL4 cf r^i fcr expert were wui^jut Ssfi-3- ¦
• - « 2i S0BC7 cmu'was taay *=1 barks
b* ¦ '-- '-r rt-? CS psr cect rate tr»«i <
- - .'tr ta piacrar aU ef Uwfr a«aiia£ie 1
:•» rerof*-* &T ti* t*ni* of tit* weef» !
¦ - -- - ¦ — t- fijr«» ftawrt a cor:- j
- - - . fckiitaee ts fawr cf this ceater ai«I !
ti» nti i-z>j-cci tii* «jf peasica c*yn*2ts ta ,
fist G»s — ¦; «^»!f en ti« j
r*rjes. Tfcn tzscsx -ctxtSlticn CSii-ca^J =a- :
btska as cf Xe^-trit'r I<>. ta acccrla=r»
*tt2 the call ef th« Cci=.rtrr;r>r. attr»- - t^i fi
• - - * ees=a*«. sj«i It was alleg-e.1 that Cti- i
ctf - . -. - ¦ **re *e*tna5 to pCa.e« «i-:r j
r f !cca» !b Wali srrset. Secretary i
-'ta"*'» cal" c;<rn r.«ticaal baaJct for return :
GsmsBSVtBX <l*p>Tetts »et a F*ric*i fr«
I . - — -..» a&i t>3» r«a#v<el tbe tracer- j
ta.^T r**irii-« tt wfci-t ta« bees - weif^^« !
-.¦'tify asarfcn CO as extesr. WTtth ¦
- - ¦ -t : -- ;i» ytr c»r:t of deposits fc»i«l '
• - Jt^sary 15, and caHi&c toe fcet .
¦•.- : :b^ r»dai=ii*r cf tie S23.O».- •
per eenx. ef hcMrsira left t,t as iate ¦
¦ ". Th* Jas.3ary relci cf frsi» frosi J
"¦ " '- *t wii tHF ta nave- »«. is. ta s«et |
EaSaXteast *=*i tie sorsiat e*a« cJ i
•--- r'T.Zf tZXZrJ VT.3 'k<t I« Iock»2 t« tO pro- j
-.id* fcr dSM werrsi tr«t*ila:cEt. A etol i=- .
; ---» an «a* ecsaari ty the rep.^rt» cf a larjc* j
* 1 iTIiimiI tasciaswa wtu> are fr^i-c i
tea red to tielr w*w* «ftrr fcavraf be«n la.ii '
.-=;? tlMc perscd cf retre=ci:=ie=£- Rail- |
r a : creec ea>-si=s-s »> far r»pcrte<I fcr the ;
Srs; t*«flc ia Xovt^iS«r are nj^et^i za show
"li; v-rr^ii'ratiy erce»^iiae: 25 f*r cesit. |
f-r^jtr-f^. wiii.. tje «sre«&«&ii=x week j
: -.«-. ari t&e »e«ssj week 1 ? earsir^s. r-c^jrei '
to-day, •^.irei Use jitgs.tr level well sate- :
n'-i»<l Bet tie prewar- ta take rrrCts was
:--- raea* (¦ ti* =irkt aj=ii carrvri -pdeea '
ta.ci.si.-ari repeatedly. Tts teaoSI ru a res
era! uowlac ef l-:*s^s at th* last, eTen ia 1
»tacits ti:at tai beec str-jrif. TS* rsarket
! ».-ajMr or t- artivt »?i;;rg sevetva.!. |
Beads were tcttwt aid '— >g~'t- Tctai aalc% |
;ar KaJaa, HftSMOOIt.
Crl'fd 5tatea_ facsaca were -— "-i-rx} ca call, i
New York Stock U&u
E :t*— . c a:-«. KLi'. L^w. Ctee. j
A'tda»c& ri.'iMl -7-* **^ W5H 1
AtrfeS»oc pfd I«.T(>> ICS^ 1"C*« IVS 1^ i
Belt A Ol:.; 10,70 M*» 971, 57^!
ti't « Oti» fia **
>>B«flw -gteiaei.— C^3tt> t»?» 134 - % ii4^i *
- J : ¦«"• isc~ iaci» i»i
: 4c OtiO 3J.1O0 51 3.>'-, 09
. t: *.- Al;:= :4> i?!, «3, «H '
ca - c. n i,zi. »r
cm * o ..vsters.. a.«eo — v ts--» rs--, . ;
Ctl *: Nc- -!W«*C. ;.»jl> *}! SDS
Cta ii:i t s: Fail. »..»> 173:- irt'-, 172'-, !
Qixa*«tPcM irrHj
CW Ter= * Trar*. I.«B» I«»l It 12^
ca r»r— i r r'l. r.7.» si rtt, 2t
•: o «r - :-. «•,'-, *>»» »-, :
--.:-•— 1.3.0 s^ s rj "
Sooti tstpfi. :.3<9 S> » I*H !
-,;:.-. il pfl. 2-» S7--, 37 »**
Dd I^.k A Wert :.. X»
r>r*er * P. G ... t«0 =3S S3S ~-\\
Dcerer t R G p?;. tM **:-, BS^ M i
74.700 «» S3-, sS'-i\
ew i*t ;-i r.rn 731, ni» 73 |
Kr* 2: ;:¦: I_»U> 5i^ 5^^ 54^
K:-;*:^ VaZ-r ... 2-* S44 *4 KRi j
Baekleg; Vaj til... 7<» »l . SC'i W4j
- Oescnt! ... I.408 IW4, It3«» :« I
::*a ->=:ral 1^»> SI** 51 Sfi'-i t
lew*. Centra: pfi.. «a> W 87 57 i
K C Sx^-— \js»i Zl 3»ji, 3O
K-Ceocti-ra yfd.. 2^2U> 5«ii 54 X3'— i
l-^il» * Xaah 1C'.7*> It>», l^i"-, US** I
Ma--.hxttaj; L «,«» 1<5»U !<:»* lC7»i }
Ketnsoetsa Sees.. Z.T» «C^i «: <t i
3£eTr3SM£:t*a St Ry 12,1<» 12i^ XT*S I-tH i
2f:r!i A 5i L^cJa... 3uO G £5. « I
M t:P*S:t St« 31 . l.*-.«J M »H 91
m etp&sxt 6 jc pfi =ao i« :t> i«7
Sf.«i-^rt PartZc ... C^>9 1C»*» I0*H I'"*'-*
il> Ka= * Texas.. 1.9C* 3SS i*i, it
X Ex: *T«;:i. S.«M» M^ C4 «4
X P. F. «C Stex rfi 7.50O 45 4-7*4 *«
X T C«t:.-x: 3.3f.»> 13*\ tS% US'.
Ssrfitt A testers ««» 7< : H 73 75
>>-:-:* * "sr pj* 9m j
Cru -a> & TTcrtera. , +2 l ii
W^r:rr:ra=ia €3JSIO 137H ISi?, 13S*. !
Pltrs C C & 9t I- X. TSii f
F.«a£.=* I«H.r-«> 77 ~ 73^ 73^ I
r -^;:-*:s:M ... i**» «s k» rrti |
r_-a-l^f =d pfd ... t.3o» «f>4 75-, 7»»%
Rork UUt4 O> ... Sl.7?«» 37^ «i* 3BU [
Reck Zslaad Co tM. fc.*» S3»» Pi «4 i
t: H S ? Ji r«. Srti O • . «*%j • fS' {¦
EtLodsE W V» ZH*i =5S S3t»
E; Lesu s ir I.40O 5»H ;5»i* &$H
Escttera PactSe .. «- «» C5H •«*. <U\
fewtfcera. Ea_"»-ajr— I0T.10* i?^. 35^^ C5— [
f..attfrsETi>a... i.:n> »-. ftiJi w-^ I
Teats & i^ofc ... UJ3M 38^ sn* C7H I
Tclftti W«t-. l.*;-i> 2=-« r2 Slli ?
Tef-E: LiW pM. 2.m» 55 S M 1 - I
Urtcr Pacii: ir=.<-'» 1 1 ;% i: » u*ij j
• - --. Ptnis p£*.: &*» «\ H!4 »--¦.
r/itaxt -5fO :**i 2t 2* "
v.*j»ts£ t.fj IZ-itO 4SW « «7
"ST * L»ie Ene . . . =S 33 n?»
Triasra^Ji O=tral.. 4 V?> rS 2«ti £4
W> <--=rt 2T.»* 4»S 4S^ 4S*
2fex C-ett Sl^m 221, ta«*
focti Pac Ffi .-.- 2.W0 lisU IIS 1I7>«
v^..^:. 0 : ...
Ac«r.a3 ---. .'. i<» .a« * rii" sis
raited «*jue» 12i
U"eHs-Far?» i')O 2*S t«* 2t»
. ilt»--"ila3«cs» — -•
AEl! C«H»r .... Ii«»> ««; T>«ii T3^
Aaser«:-*F 2.:'-> a', 3fr^ =o4
JLC=er C * F pTi.. «*;, s« KTH
Arser Cit O.: t.«X'j Z>| iiti 54 ' 4
asj^t ct: cm pfa 93 ;
Asser.Io* r-M .... «.*» JT^i 3Bi, 3T3T I
A-n«r I^a 4>J -... 300 tt*» 1>4 l»a*
Ara«T tjsresi T».ar» 22 - Sfft--- a»~>
Aa«r 1*>r~ra. p«.. «*» 5C» S6H »i»
A»a S A B 7, 73O «C"i 73i. 7>C
A=5«r S35»r rV.'..«»Jg» .I»tj 1P»V un t^
"AwxwWa ilra Oj - XIt<> T?> It>*~. n;
P.- ci.!;r. H T .... 17.- - Sa C5«; tgil
C i-~i:» F *. I ... 1»J»> rWi «r^ Kfr^
«"«!=3l4S<f <5«* ...... ».4C« TIV* 21« 21*
• -ars rnxSaet* I*.MW -*¦»» rt^ ,
«"or» Pn»4 b£J — 1>S» «ji, »rt . 75 j
I*fta f ecrrr- i T > 2*% 3* SHH ;
O*arral £3** t*3»*» J'C I*t»j M^l
I'trr PW?r - — — M"*) tl*i 29^ S3
Icr Pijp«r pf3/.: v*- 2 * 1 *.. •**• _ 7* ¦ \
i^rriflc Mitt r.'.-'Ji *n.r «>4 **% 4> '
*^cj«t»« C*s 4_*rt> 1«»^ 1< * x * l f >*t 1
hwr; sr <V ... >•> ~ «H
-.- ¦'¦ v' :*. ! 7.r« 77u iy% 75 I
SOfMABV OF Till: M-UtRETS.
Mr-ilunt srais^. eomafcue an.i doCttasC ?J&
2S<; jirftt fine. STfe-^rs; &r_airy ftae. ¦ l*ffl,«ci
ts&i waibe-i. 55C5S*»c:
Boston Wool Market.
BO»TO>". Xov. IV— The Circiniarttai Eiiltetia
will say jn-c«:rr-jw: Th* wool market is quiet-
Ba.-iS=««s is tt:«!*s»»- ar-J coa5c<!-.i |a .smiti Ifa«s.
Afl-vices frasi tt» West . ta<i-cai« a cessatiaa of.
trc tra.es ton for tfie 1*36 clip. Late forMsis
aiivtces bo«* aolcXer markets in Ain*r
i?s aad Atistral'a. Tfee icarkee everywlwr* i*
firp as-i endea t" Bw*P art hi?ti«- than *
wtek ayvx IicpiMtatSscs are tir*»r. b-jt are
a:t teid at hizfe pri«^ Tt* stdpeacata cf
w-:<i frora Bc*t.3a to- >i*"* frsm E«c«3ib«r 51.
19«Xi aceocd>=« tt> tie saxa^ aothinty. ar
2C«>.<5i!I.V i >4 poiia<is. a?a.te«t C-S>.4;*.32» p>-rcdds
for tfce'aaaie tis» las» year. Tb.* receipts ta
¦i-?:if are 2SS.9*^ ISJ pecrds. against 2*n.."S*O.1^2
• r - -iz.ti fcr tt-* sai!» p»rw»I last y*ar.
London Copper JIarket.
LDXIiOX Xot. IS. — Capper fins 12 tbe aar-
Juet to-day a&l * r"i<i asw-uit tt basvzess waj
tracsact-d Tweive hcn'in?d and «Ity tas«
was seM- Tbe ai^tai gto;^^ at 6«Sc
>"orthern Wheat Market.
OREGOX.
POE i TL.\N-D. Xot. !«.— WKE.IT— Wall*
AValia. »xport, - <i Gc; siinftre. SV:; Eastern raar
/ V.-.'kSHlXGTOX. ~
TACO1IA X'jt. I s - — WHE1A.T — Vaciasssd.
E.uf*tets. ??V:; cluf?. >^c-
Xorthcrn Dc*ines«.
SSATlXEi Xav. IA. — Clsa-tars, J7e5,»S.5;
tallies. *U!7.ll«f- ,._«^. i
TACO1IA. Xav. ti.— CIe*r:zg3» $377,963!
WttRSt J3D.t-tT- »-~»,.^,
PORTLAND. SW. 1?- — C»eartJiss. JTw.CW;
fcet-isc**. $'j*.»ii • ¦ _ , »^_^ „_
SPOKAXE. Xov. 1?- — Cleans^*. $>»>..a>;
talanc^s. JO«t4«3k
LOCAL MARKETS.
EIscban?c ami Ballion.
; \ Excfc*ns» oa N«* Tcri ccatiaces w«ak *ad
t >,_» t^r, oftcttmd-ra par rate vesteriay.
f gwrCsjini u-eSar.?ed. b=x Ccatfaest*! rales
? sStfW-i a, E.T3n*«r ef variations.
LOCAi»
• SIkSbx £i-hisi! sJx-.y day».»t «4 €? 5t^i
*5t*riic| Hicha^*' *:arSt * £• «*
' ~t«r"-i Eli+ic«e catUs 4 TCi t^t ST'S
-X^T^ExcSa^. s^t : ... GJ g C=4
•ISOrtr. 5«r now* ?--- — « 5j s i
IXTEKXATIOXAL. '
! X(w Tcrk « Farts - hil**
! Nrt- Tcrlt en Mexico --2T4
Farfs ca Lc="i<m -# S,J
. B-rrtti on Los.daa » r».3Ji
\Mieat aiul O:h«r Grain*.
f iniCaT-Ri^in fatcr?s wer» weaker.
' ' Cbitaso diclf=.?i. td sSmbI a: a ssnalt ai-
Taece-. Th* ITiHr 1 W«a* cC E. F. H-attaa «:
j Co. said : . , , - •
'•3Iark*t ope«d *Usit!y Ic-wer aa-f d»tit3-<I
rath*r sJrarplT •¦ E*P«ral eoasisstcc-hou**
• sellt!^ snhs^ineni\y r^axtias oa gooi fcnyic*
' by S*-.«tfcw«t<ni h-i<i«»s oq reports of «iai=az»
¦ltd wi^ser Wi«j£ &wts^ ta «CEttased >try
'¦ weatter. 3fi=«arcl_* r«p«jrts a p<scr cajh d#
' { ciand Tte re-pcrt-J «i* «- *t»tT tiicaaaal
: barrel.* of Fliur f= t&» iTtnneapclfs market
• ca^s^d ratiter s»I 607122 and free corerisj
i by s*lorts Tt« s»ci?--al sitoatioa remaia r
: practically td-oitarrs^d. Tie- ojq
i ditlc-n c-ii fc*r*llT 5» a factor at the EKxaent.
f T^* <i!" <r wea:h«r cattrrairy excites
• the' July octtoe ar.-i caa*es ur«*stnesa anucc^
' e'-ort* r*n«rally- W« feel-tfce isinw* ate rear -
' ket wi'l roJe wtthia BBrrew Itoits «aj still
' KdYta 'sale to sh^rp ba'.*«s cr pcrcta*t oa
t star?" br»ts f«r moderate prcSts."
Loral ! y there vu tiat'ciog k». PBtcr»*
: wet* firm, wi-.i f^w sellers. *=J the caii
: rrain was'iates as«i steady.
CAiH TVHE.VT.
Calircr=la CI3&- fl »gl 5*4: CaETaraia
; wii'e -iajtrsllaa. $1 <2Cfll <ii; Nartbera acb,
I tj:a^ oSttte*: Xor-.!i<ra Oocztcat, fl «'--«
; 1 « Per ctl.- F ._ c^
Sessfc^n. 0 to Il:5> a. sl
Op*Ti. KIs-S- t«w. Ckxf*
D-c»=S-r -.51 i*S Jl «S *t 43S U «'-»
ITiy ........ 1 JW v » *SS i « l«»a
2 p. fi. 5esaics-
Oj^n. Eica_ Lo». Clo i e.
I D»-etcb*r - -« * l -** 1 * * l ** * l 45
|h»i ;.. u-;i, 1 *««i 14454 j«-i
p^r."r — Feed was ana and fractionally
1 fcficSrer. ft»> s^cis cbsfe* fcri^Sit «elliry at
I jl 13-4 . Otherwise th«re wa» ootiiirur new.
T Bccir cas2 grain and futsres were- caiet-
CASH BARLST.
Fm4 II C«?»151 U*«; ErswiE^ t»i Siippi3^,
' $1 iig-l ITV: Chevalier. Jl IZ^fl 2*> F<tr ct^
FCTTRES.
sessioc '.' t-3 tl:S> a. ss.
Op*3 Kiri. Low. CIo««.
( December ...*t <»S $1 §»S V» O^ »» «H
, May 1 OSH I C>H 1 *^\ I (^**
, - . • p. ts. Scastak
D-*e«.l)*r-»I-«&?t.^^- -_,- . - ..
May— »1 t«»4.
O.VTS — The feature cf tie miriet yestrrlay
t wa* tie arr.ral of 45*> ctls from ttse East.
1 Tter wer* cot cioice-. t«tar dart *&i thin.
; Wietier there will be any more lmpcrt<«t from
• ih* East U net stated. Qsttc a Use o£ Wajii
| Eactoa Oata *!*> eac:* ta. Tlvs tsarket waj
¦ tjaiei: a=-5 cagharrgeg.
Wfcit* *l 42V.ftl iT^: Sarpnse. II 3igl 6>;
f Red fo^ feed. Jl 23U©I 43 dor Xo. I aad
L Jl KHfit 3/> ftr Xo. 2; ex-_ra i=e fcr seed.
I »1 -«2*-«l 5«>: Bi»c«t. *1 30>gl fcr f«*d asd
! Jl 4Ctffl <2H far s**d
«JORX — Tbere was n-Klifas a*w to r=p<:rt
' yesterday, tte ssuaE baslaess b*:r.? dcae at
¦ nacia!i3«d q«jtat!-r=-». *
W«Tt*ra ia»ietr. Jl -tj#l 50 Car T*l>;w.
Jl «t?l M J^' W»tt« ar.d Jl 45-81 IO f?r
I >tix«d; California !arr» Teri>», »I 4i&i r*>;
tsia'J wad <Jc. Jl 5igl Ci»; Wiit*. tja
: i=al: E?ypt:a^. Ji ««1 40 for Kilts ami
! Jl 17*i©: ' cr Eto»tl
RYE — *1 -IC^l 4^ per etL
BUCSWHEAT- Xc=ia*: a: abcxt J2 pet
tXL
Flour and JliUstutt?.
FIXJCK — CatLiortla Family Extras. J4 *C«9
I S ifr tts-^a! tmai: Baiers" Extra*, ft 7*g5;
i Cr-?=3& a=d vraaticy-io. j^btics a: Jtgi 20
, ter b&I.
1!II-L5TTTF5— Pr-.«s fa p»cka«r»» are 11
¦ fotJcws: Grahani Flocr. t£ 75- per ICO fb«:
Ry« Ftcur. tX 25: RTe Kfal. J.I: Rt.:» Ftoar.
: JT: Cera K»a!. JC 5O; extra, c-aas «to. Jt «O;
¦ O*t M»aT J4: Oat Grca^i. Ji 25: Haaiiny.
I J:: <0i6:j -»5: B»»rtwh«at -Ftosr. «4.25; Cra-iked
t Wt»a:. J3 T5; rarira. . *t: V.Tuit* \Tk-*t
I FlGnr. VZ 3O: Relied Oats bbi*. J« 73^7 3Or fa
:«acto. *4 25; Pear! Eariey. J5: ifilt Pus.
I bexts. I' Z>>z Grwa P»«. J5 i> per 1O«> Ib».
Hay and I'eed»tuff-.
Bras a 54 Sterrs w»r» maricM c? 20c. Mivi
;¦ lilir^* retrained ciU-hass?tJ.
R*:h<er raor» st-adis*ss ta Hay was report^.
| prbe locai d-'Eiitsd soctfnoe* RitSt. but Lo»
j Angeles U irawim oa ttis t=arket. wjiic& t«
i heifins thtass cut coss'ii^rably. D«a>rs say
' t!lat »r?!iTe soiae lianrtp «a«l -sr?a:lii»r-*taliwd
: Hay u still cotsfa; is n.-?«t cf tie wet Hay
i ha? J>««t£ *«:rk»il o— »ad will so:a cease ts
' Cijrure.
BRA3C--41S SCSIS'&S re-r ta=_
SHORTS — ffS Ii>til^> !•> p«r f;a.
FEEDSTCFFS— KoIE^d barley J2ig2 1 3O jwr .
I toa: CUcake Steal *t t&^ c:irt. jai SO©S2 5«>:
; JoMiiast J32; CQ.:caa-it Ciis. J^^l: Cccca
' n=t 34»ai. f2!g23: Cera Mea!. «I©31 3«>;
t Cracked Cora. J31 jfM":^: IXIxed Feed J22 JO©
i m- H«rs* B»a=s. »Jfgi»> per tea; Brcens
i Cera F*ed^ 5Oc rer <?tL
HAT — Wln-at. Jt«>6t5: WTieac and Oat. Jl>>&
I 14: Oat J2-SH2: Barley »t*S Oat. J.*©lt: Votua-
I t-er Wild Oat JieiC:- «afct-_ «*ei»> ; stock.
; J5 IC£7: e.eve"r. JTSi'"; Alfal.'a. $»012 per
~~ sTRAVT— SC-5K« per &a>-
L Bcan< aad Scet!?.
The situation inafrnip 1 as before acd prices
I i&jjw a> fcr*c«r TariatJon.
BE.VX.i- Saya». « 7»SJ: F*- a c^-n»in*i;
! Bitter. SS.^3 25-; > sssall TTMte, J-T 13^4 39:
j larte Wh:t?, « 4-C'@2 C: Piii. »2 73-sa IS;
¦ Red. $4 2;S4 Tj>. Lt=a. W UiQ* »; F.-d K«
, n«r«. J4 W; BUci«y*-«. J2 Of*? 75 ;er ct";
J Hwt Bea=.«. JI ».*«Q2 40.
SEEDS — Ero«9 il'istard. J; T«<gS; Telliw
. Mastard. jr; 23: Flu. J2tf2 75: Caaarr. * x i
l<n~-l Alfalfa. TS^OIK^:^:- Rap». I'iGZ^ci
; Ti=K0tJ£F. 5*ic: Keirrp. S-igs-vj* per la; iCF!»t_
{ Brccni Cii«a- See<i. S2Cg23 p*^ csa-
DRiiUJ f'EA^— XiEe*. Ji 72^^ Ziy. Gn*a.
I Psas.. Ji 7I-e2 &> ff^T ctL
i -¦-¦«;
Poiatoe?. Onioie an«I Vcsetablc?-
Fax>;y cZtriE.?* zt rfv?T PctiMes a !i: r .I«
t b<K»r <itrr:r!« tie early trade, a* tte b«3at
with fre?E» sirpcIJt* n» s**«ra! fccnr* I E*te.
i «j«cera: cfTjrin.?.» stowed eo tsipro»-»=:»rs£.
'•- however, tte rcirS*; -stin befsc badly cTfn-
L e^st'-J wirit . pctsr fio».*k. " farina* BurbssX.*
j were st'aclr" «t prev-txis prices, witlt trafle
' nssdsntf£7 actire. Tfcres car^ads cf Sweets '
; wer- ptit 41 **>. c*«aias a •Vcliae tn prices. '
: Fi3-y iJufcra ,w«re finely fc«£«i at tie recent j
I ad-.aa.-e.
Fr»i«!i cfferiiyr* «r roiscellaaeoxis re^«tati«» j
I were' ia gtye»S re*ra!-*r" and steady, white ear
riM-c-»er bits : of Tcinatoes. C&ricnben and I
: Oreea Peppers dras»ed' »e wartaa-ly rates. !
Scrs/t faacy Tf3?=«:c<s «afcj ta a peddUc? way 1
»t ft p«r box. ba{ t&e top qactatJca wu i
¦ «-casIC«rt;i aa extreme fcr g»c*r*i *S«ri2r» j
£.:=« Ecs Plant eaaie la frota Coacfc*Ila. 6af|
was co» «of<f. harts? arrived t«> tat* for t*>* |
" reirslar trade. " 3£iaJire«33s were -efferias a^aia I
aed ttA-t op to Sfic per peend.
POTATOES — BartaciE? fr*«n tie rf-rer 44©' i
1 7<Ce per.eti: 5"aIi=zj%Burbanks. Jl l&ei 35 p*- j
: ctt: Rt\*r Red*. «^7ec per ctl: Sweet Pcta- '
: f:*», €&e>5c per ctl.
: . OXIOX5— li^- » |»f etl for 'facer «ad I
Jl 23i&l SO pei «ac!t fcr cS Knits.
V1XIETABLES — Gr*«a Pea*. «?c i>»r fj»;
S^ris? B»ans_* *§4c r«r 1b; "Wax Beans",'
i r?j*rr -Urra a?o&«. t#Sc per Ib:- T#mato«*.
¦ 4C4»*5c T*i &C2r tf==so»W *ioa«t. «1?1 25 per
; r«rx: CaAbttKK. O? P*r ctl: Carr?t«; - 73c psr
»*<r!c: Cnsrc=:t><»rs. O*S3*>c r*r bm: larftc. 414 '
<?3o per R>; Ess Plant.; fl 2S.QI 3»> P ». r t«} S;
DTfed Fepp*rv cooiaal; _Gr«!«a Peppers 2i©
4Ctf P«r bcx; Marrow's; *nd HoSfc*r,i Sijaxsh. •
flCgt 1 ! i*f tea for rcfiisi Iota. . .
Poultry and (.lame. _
RsceSpta of deewstje Pooitry were air.^Ierate {
Famllr Retail Market.
.
Retaa prlcss have ciacar*! 6 31 fitti* *t=c^
bwt w«i. TH« b«t ranCb E«?s a=-i pack*!
Buster, are a little cheaper, fact oth«rw«#
ti*r« ts cotlsiar »»w Its Da-rr Pred'*:*. '_
Suvplltm oS £3=ra-r Vcsctaftlca *r* itCMHf
d*cre-astzs aod k£=«L* ar» Jtfstr^r. Frttit*
*r»-»tCl la yoo.1 sixpyfy a=d Taa*«rin-?s an
added to tte Hat.
Meats. F_-h PsKi!:ry *mi Game are still
s*KiB« at tte familiar qwotaiktns.
«^OAL. PER TOX—
TVelUastan J —©lOcCiX**
S«atH« t-fjM' V.-ellxsstca.*—*1> W
Rcalya $ —O 9 CO W-Uisstoa
Rickracc/J --* —9 9 »r Xst * —© S tO
C<kjs Bay ..S —© 7 53'
DAIRT PRODUCE. ETC- —
Batter choice.sq. —©«t B«t Raaei ... —1$*>
E>> sr:«d 3*635 Common. d<> ...4:<&«
Do p«cke«i. Th.—^23' itarace
Ch*«*, Cal l^fti?); Easwris ,.:S&3;>
CI««s*. Eaatera.2!iQ25:HcBfy. coiab. Va.—^li
Ofcwse. Swt*s ..li-ft^; D>>*ixtr*cti<l -. *§^>
E*5». 5«r dosea —
POCLTRT A>"D GAltE —
Heaa. Iarye. ea.e54J9O»Wi:te G<*se. «a.y?'g^:
Do amall 5ft^t» traar. each £>©:«*
Tocn?- Roosters j Rabfcits. etth. . .Kw3
eaca V5cg.il Hare- eacii —<&?*
OKI Roosters. e*-J0>ec3 Ers*U*& Seise, it —©**
Fry-rs. eici ...K.-e<r5: Coeswa do.-tESigC 50
Erciien. «aci ,.4»!-'55m! Wild Dacis, ad —
Tar!t»x3_ p <r iJj.r5.g5i>' ITiUard T^5^>
I>sci«. eaet ..«5.^e*l' Carvasfcack ..9Qt«*i
O«s#. eacij.. —«*1 5O 5cri^ *0<GJ»>
Gcslin^s $^g2 23." Teal ZZ&V>
Pi«T»-jC3, pair... —^5* R»c Heais *-<53«>
5ioabs» p«r p*ir.K<9»IOi Zi.S^Z
WCd Daves. iwt*l'30fSssall Duci* ...23^30
Gray Ge-se. n.ZO0<&
ITEATS. PER POUND—
Eca«J Be«I: iMottM Ctoc* .-— gi*
Cictce exits ..ISGVf Per'* -Cbops —SI5
Do pUfa ..-. .I'>8t;^; %"»al Ctitlet* liQW
Reast Veal ..ltH^IJ rvrned &»«f -H> *
Roast Porfc ..1CVO13-Beef 6tew *«l»
For^^tr t-asij>. —eitH: Olactcn. Stew ... £9 8
Hzn-iqtr LAinb-. —eu: Veal Stew l>>61i^
Fcreqtr Msk«.. &eiO> Sca» Meat ifel*
L»? llTttoc —a:<5 «««;? &;=ea <© —
Ta<irtela St«ai.lHiaTi Haau tse:*
Portrtse S:*ait..l*&:O Sioia l^g^)
Strtcia 5te*k..l2t;ei3 Peri 5a=?a?*..l2'«»il-
Rccnxi Strait..te®t*'-. fCJl!?5e.J Beef .-2G0 —
La=.S Cfrcpis :.U&9=0(I^rd l^b© —
fruets a>;d xcts—
Anigtr Pears. *a.tO«S23-Ora=*e». do«e= —
Atomtfs IC-OiO' Fancy 4<:©T5
Apples a.. \'Q 'it Caanaon 2»!'gr3t>
Cbe*tetrcs. I"o .. 13*i* Ptcsis lt> I« «
Cta=J3«rri*s. qt..l^*> Pears, ib *Q 8
P«*is —^?? plreapp'** eact.!3-6«<>
Brazil ?.*-its OS —: P>:=iecr3=at*s dx3)^4<>
Raaaaas. <lca . .ZZ&3Z. P-raisss^as. <iax»f»+>
Ceccanats eacJl. —-816; Qnicors £•© 5
Ftjrs. drt-d Ib.. fMt> Rat»ins. i!> 1«>9I3
D.J. fT•»^^a^-I2 I-.^T5'R»spfc«rr*-~«. p*r
Grap* Frcit.dx.73c«?T: drawer f^^
Grapes I& •S.^IO 5traw5errie».
Hcklw>6rrt£* tttICSI2H; c«r draw?r .. CZfiTZ
l^rr^aa iaz 2C«$> TSu»»rtse#. *?s.?^-"5>
Lizsss 'Jca 40^15 Wilicu. per B-13§C>
VEGETABLES—
Artlctci*s doi.:JC'3rWM3»tirci3rr?. X*.*-V*&3>
Beets. dc2>»a 1€'<© — Ocioos P*r ttt..2&-'-%
Beans, vhit* Ib. Mi — Ofcra -irted Ib-.^-fir —
Cotcre.1. c«r I&. Sg— ¦ Dc." yreea. tb-KJ^n^H
Dried O=a. n>. WPmatue*. p?r lb.m«2
Gre^a Lisia eiS « Parsaips ,p*r dx_15«f>
CaSbas*. »«ch -. 3*«:» Ra-iisi-a.'-iJ b<;i^t.-*e:?»
r«>ry. hea-i ... 542ie'S*xe. <*- bnch*»^MI —
Garlic «s*» > jeT Sb .--...I- *^ «
Gm»a P»pp<»r«.I5. IS S Scrrsats.' r<*r Ib.. —a ?
Dried Pepp»r» Sffteack =•«¦ Ib. —© i
'Esrz Plant. Ib.l&SI2s;^w»i»t P^tato<fs.n> —0 2
Gr»*n Peas.lSf.1'^12^, Tinn*. 4= bccfe».23<63i>
Ltzz-ar* per dcxiserir Turara* per dca. —fcl5
L*«i». dz t-ach.l^et'J{Tc=a'-C-s. Ib ZQ 3
FI5H PER POrXD—
Earraccota ..lC9:SVs.- r»cckor:d — 615
Carrs —0lKSea Eas» —«;:H
Ca.ti»h —«:2*i'» S=i»Its 1C4S12H
CcdisH —©t2»i-Scl«s .-...I0<ei5
Flci-id-rs lCif; —' £kat-s. «e£s I€<et5
Haltsct liS —i ?^cid —O —
K-rriti? •SlWTcceod Id9 —
Uatkerel l-'S —ITBrbot V.Q —
D»bc« ...12t,e— JTrsc: — ST5
Rccti?5» —^et^H VntfteSA IC<6 —
Salaos. fresh.. —©It*- Ctanis. yalicn ..»3T© —
Do sJEOked .. —»»>' Do hards!-.*!:. Tb **I9
?ar>li-e» •-aiC* CrawfesSs. r*rIM2C«:5
5&aii t(>g—'Crat* «3Ch ?:«?en
Strre^-i B»ss-.12i-eii >»3s*e^. !k tr-,©:3
P«rc& ICig— * Oy«-r« Cat. :».««»
Pc:r=pi2o ePeTJ 'Do Easterc. 'iz.CC'e^
id! ail d«crtpt:on.» aa*t w;:a & y»l is.<iT*TT
at steady prices. Ta* nia.rS.et was well cleaned
*jp at tile close aad Gees* x~i G€»!la£s wh»
iriyier. A car ef W*st*ra is expects! to-day.
Drs33*-i T-srkey* were ts. fair r-»v-Kst at ;re-
Ttea price*. Reo»l;tj w«r» afcotrt » cases.
Tfc»re w*re co cfe*=£»s la Gars*. Receipts
w*r* liberal stad :rad» v« rather qciet.
POlXTRT-lXo*l T«rk.»T* 216230 BW
Xo 1 aad 2C<622e »<r IS far \a 2; Live Tsr
k»ys. ITfi^jc far ?td »ad 2f*e22c per Ib fcr
yeca<; Geese, per pair. ii<i^ 23; Goslings. JJ IS
©2 5»>- D"-: »j S34f 3 3»> per dozea for eld asd
i"fj: for voGaf ; Hfzs. II i<v<S3 for str^a aad
S3 Ct>4* tar l*rgs; yacryr Kce*t?r*. $5 3»>Q
* Us- c2<J ftoeners. S4§4 3«: ¦ Frjwr*. *4 *O*si:
Br-fea $3@4: PiyfJC* Sl«l 15: S<Viafc«. $Z3
2 39.
OAllr: — Mallard Ducks. I-Vc-? p«?r desea:
CaaTasb*j:k. $*G*: T*»L tUii &>: Spri*. C S>
©3; Wldsees. $1 ~Z*$1z Red Heads. fig3:
saiaii Docks, n T3: Gray Gee**. SrgS:
Wiite Geese. *1S1 T3: Brast. Jl 25>g2 5>>:
Heaters. J.7E3: Saire. *J fcr E=?!;s'a *rd f I SO '
far OMEjaoa; Dcvw, SI 23: Kxre. 51 -Orgi ¦
RAitits. 12 far CottcataL's ard «: &> far
Brush. .
Batter. Gh*< and Egs«._
The jnoreraest ta «i!p Better to tie tast ta
clear oC the BUUtat to sesw exteat »t least. .
U beta? haavjered by tie Ucit of tste t» atl?
It la. Dealers «y that ti* Da*t»ra h*s«I>rs
was; Bhi soois fn ttrbs aad tier- are cose ¦
here. The j;rcp«3af was :¦> send eff * dcxea. i
cr fifteen cars of stora** soo4». witi a teata- ,
tive ear <rf fres?t is a f**>r. The =Mi;t»r will !
b« «ts!ed <rae way or tc* oti»r fn a tiiy cr -
two yro&abty. Mffiswtil* ti* trartet eoo- .
tiB3*« w*ak with Sc th* rulir.*- prt« fcr
cr«a=sery. wttii sccse extra socrfs tri=^!a« 2:. ,
Stocics ccstiB'j* excessive.
Cfc<«!« iiBff r 'l 'if w*ak. wtti !r.cre«:=^:tro- J
4-jcticn. t£!JO?!i there ts no fnrther «i*clfee.
T?ioc«3i Ez-j" are qoc»s-i atnict 1c low»r '.
atralc. ieoct srT»ca«:s ia ranch is rt;ort#«i. :
«s a sSiiprtcs detaa=L<l for »5* tstericr towns ;
h*s sprtra* cp wttfcia t&« past >J*y cr two^ .
R««t5ts ha*e eeajei c> lT>en»*s<». »arl i! tr^* r
isterior d-=a&i I keeps op it 2L»y «rt* t-> '
t»=porari:y eieci. ti* d»clla*. or a: l*a«t mil* .
1; crflre tra'fual-
R*c»l5t* w«re *1.IC*> tka Butt?r. -tTS ea**s .
E^es arti 5--.ICt> ;&» Cb«*».
BUTTER — Cr^a=i*nr a» fir^t caaii. 2C»g3c '.
for extra* as«l I>'gi»; for tcw»r to rcedrnn I
crxdes: dairy. tT$13<:: cei<i stcray-. cc=.?aai; ;
star" Bctf*r. ICifil*;; Ejl«*»t3 cuJw*. twisical;
East err U4te-pac4*-i. 1 3-5 1 <c.
CHEESE— USe.J^c *W etusf«» EiikJ oew »&*
I<>fillc for ofei; eot'i ¦•torare. loi-felli': To»i£s :
A3i*rtca«. lnaii'i^: Ei5t»rn l»3t.V- p«rr Ibi.
3GGS — Raise a. 42*jf?«e for c-_.-i to tioJc* t
atad TISe-Kc far cors3i.ia: ettld »tcr»r». CS»?» :
3Cc : East«m. S^SS^ far ctatce. Sieite .. far I
*:asijr-_ • aiisi 1*>?S1>: fev secocls.
Deci«lnon< and Citra< Frnit%. - |
The 4*y'« r*c»wpt» o/ ft»sli fmirs izu&z&iA j
fi«r cars *f Narel Cr»3g»«. Tour cars cf
Apcles *a<l oc* <*" eacft ni Lenecss a3»i Tac- ]
> TI»— - Oraa^es ac'i L*=cns were steeiij. ¦
part'CBtarly fte Iatt«r. at prertom ibKii. j
whfl» Ta:vr»rta«s w»r^ qrMte4 Igtt»t. Apples ¦
caved eff fair£j-_ tut wry f*w- «a!»» wer* r»- ;
potad aboT-e- SI jar Sex. altlwtrsti extra fan«y I
Newtown P^rjtis asd 5r^*-2?-fc'?^r* froca Ore
roa were «£;£ 2rn::T fc-M at *1 Raspber- '
rte* and Strawt*rrie* were la iircrea*»d #cp- 1
pty. and. a* t&e <*i?*ria,rs w»re r»R«raltr ua- >
¦ttractlv-. crf<r<» raoyed tower. OtTertsigs of I
Flys cc^»i»te>i ciitsSycf <od<ts and tuia and I
w?re sicstry o! p«cr «i!£allry. wh&-It acccKirtt* ;
tor ife* »H* rias* ©f prte^s. Trade- Is all
fetter tretta «a* •io^s aad tr:«i»s t*-l fcet s:ij!it «
•iTRAWBEHRiE? — Ij'Riworti.*. i*t?I3 p*r ?
«:h*»t: MaUndas ao.i Braatfirwtaes. Si't*; Clw- I
c«y?. H-gS
RA:-?3E^RIEa — t-t^« per «rh«-rr. ....":•
HCCKLEBSKRir?-*6V per Ilk.
CRAXBEHEIKS — Jriftieil pw-r ttf tor East* f
era and $I®r T5 p«r fccx fer Cocs Bay.
APPLES — *1 2S p^r fc»:x fcr -xira taacr. <3c t
<5tl fcr criiluarr fia-^r. . C«>ST>: fcr «ic!cs J
as4 2S<fi»Cc fcr ccsnsca.
FEAR^ — Wisz*r Xetl?T. $1 TT^l a> per b»w:
v'jiittc*" Tarfetl#s. f3»:<g J l P*~ bWL
PETR^lltMOXS — »t?'g»3c p»r bcx. '
QflXCK? — ZZ<$Z£n c»r — -t.
figs — Mce*i r*^ <»x.
GRAPE? — TaMe vari«!e» <0c«*l far crates.
?.*lTR«."5TF.riTS — Oracif!« Xar»;j. *i T3© •
; 75 r»»r tax: ?*«dlfTC». SI S*'S$Z T3; T»njr*r- :
fees SI fcr stsatl csd SI SO for !arx-» frox^: ?
L*niaes. *- 5C«« fcr farcy. f I 73^2 SI l
•or tlMfeie *=<* *• iiC» -*> f->r «and- f
ari*; Grape Fruit. *i^2 5O: aitxltat; Unm, ;
«iC4 5«> per ra*»: Banana?. *^£S per Iwasci far i
CentraE ArBsrtesa acii T3rg»i for Hawaitas; \
- ¦-
Dried Fruits. Xat?. Rai-in-. Honer.
A d«et£n* is Cii«*tBat» {« t&» cc"? ctaag* :
EBd«r tiH bead and tie mark*t erarttsoes ;
<itJ<t.
FKC1TS — Nrw crop — Apeteot»v Z**e£6c OtC *
Rcyal* aad »igt^r £cr Kocrpaifc*; Xectarts-es. I
t:i_ gmc f<ar WTiIt* aa<J <U^Tc fcr Red; }
P-acies. ;SSS^c p«r !S: Ptars. 7Stic; ;
Plssss. pitted- ftgUiic fsr track, is* fT*i«e =
far r«<S *=d TC«Hc for »«¦; FI*s. 2-crtjwn ;
trtcia Sw : ' J-owra 53e; 4-crowr^ fC-c: <- |
crowsC «3cr to!3c white Z%&Icz tttc>. 3?*c J
Evapcrateii Apples. 561c per R».
PRCXES— t^ei»ic per & for tt« fjar «lsw |
i!rf ;:jt barfs for. the lara-* size?.
RA.I51KS — 13*4 crop *. x b. Fr»«ao— las- "
pertat ctartrrs. SSSiQ? SO; Dr&ess. Si SE>S?1 S3; [
Lc&ion Lay«a. flQl 1»>: Loos* Moscatel*. 4- t
crowB. 4**«: S-crsrwa. 3»i«: I-ctowb. SH«: •
St*ied <S^5?i«: Ttetrrpeca"* Seed!««i. 4H«; "
ie*l!er« Sottaaa*. J*ie per K*. J.;
XUTS — New Vr*XaaZmf X<x 1 sofub-n. 1*9 \
«»ic;.X*. I. icew*s«: ?•*¦ 1 &ard*it*ll. I2r;.»
Xa 2. iec; AScMreBi*. I*91Tc for Xsiacarella. i
Itt31*«4* te I X L. I3«l*c far X* Ptu» CTtr% [
and lie ftr Lasyoedo*-; Peanota. «6Tc for ?
Easterr: Parana. IlfitS*': Ooo^miss. $-1 5C©3:
CtestttBts. 769c per li fcr CaJUcrsU aad 119
t»Ue for trikia.
HOXET— «>=V Xl^tJti: Or whit- a2i irsjt
He fer aaiiicr; water whir* «xtract«! V-i&
•c: U$ht *ail«- extrast*ij. 3$3t.?; &trk. i©
4!^c
sheswax— ngr»c p« is.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 19. 1901.
Continued oo Pace Yourteem.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
IAUCTION SALES
i
AT AUCTION
C*a HONDA T.^rr. 21. ar 1! c'cloci.
A: IXTERXATKBtAL KORSS MARKET.
Csrrer Tw»lf?a aad- Harrtifca ft*.
By erder o» F. L LAMPSOX 4f C«fcr«.
f I wiTl aeil >» he*.i #t BROXSX a.iri IX-
I brokers chout: tocnci horse?, tsj
I cr-c3^fn-u-»ut :» -iwwrt from Kr. L*rnpao»i a
j raaci. aad wtll arri»« at the TarS* Sarzrdsy
¦ nwraisff aad will b-«r a <!cse iaapectiea far
Tfet» sale wsU tee ceraicct«l «» «il =^ •»>•
¦ ia tie cast. Tier* wili b* so bom raiar»j-
J f»*»g;rt. If lie» are r-»ra=-«- ! s>»isd tS«y
; tcost t* rxsd. If rs»r%s.fed to work I prs-
I P«*? ta ihotr ti»r will work «r to sm!». - t
wfK at«> **S cu* HtXD^KE IIATCUHO
: TEAS! Or SORRSI. SIARSS. »at^W« f^r Crst-
t cUsj Krerr or for •I^crcr"" aise. a*i c» 4-
I year-obt colz. stred fry EVMsHeL oos of a staail-
I ar4 fcred cars; wocM enke a msi read
L icrse «sil I» Tery fajt: w«t»St. Il» ixk=*1jl
Abso *er««r»! rtcin. BVSIXE5S E0R3S3-
Tie tlov» st>:k ew aad win t« scul wr>
j cat reserre. • 5_ WATSIX5. AaeticaawT.
Sal^ ta»*s jla^-» r»:2 -:c «;::<•
J fe fe fe
:75 Horses for Sale
( • £ V. BTTTOX will seU a: PCSliC- ArC-
l T1OK cEVKXTT-FlVE HOR5ES. aa^
I cabrckea. weiciia* fmsa 1C»» to 1XO pcqpis.
TiJ* U t!»e fcarti a=«i la*t -rcts*r=t^=s of
'tie -tcatl* s«rsare acrses wajci will besoii
* •: a'j-ctice this »»»sea aral an» ta« best ali-
I Fcr?«se icrses rser c£T*r*l f:r tsis ca Oi
=: 1 r * - :
£*:e Tii*s PV»;e
TXTZSDAT. Xar. 22. at U a. sal. «». .
J. B. HOBJLS'3 3AL^TTARI>.
CORSH?. TSXTE aad EP.TaXT 5T*.
Hcrs** ca= be seea at y»rls from ?*rsriiy
actll day cf *aJ«.
20 HEAD OF ' fe
I Thoroughbred Yearlings
—FRCJI—
' ANTRIM STOCK FARM
Prc;erty cf Ciar»es Kkt. E*t.
f COX5i5TTXG OF SONS AXI> OACGHTZSS
OF IMPORTED KlSilST AVT> HSBJLUC.
1 Tie Graa>Jese L. -i.r.r arii Best Bred Cxi-
• j-.^-i fries This Fajra-ns Far=.
J T-. fce» sets a» PailU: AartSoa ffi:!»: EiM. 1-.
5 TCE8PAT EVZ^iiXa. THS =2I> NOV.. !>:¦*.
BesiSEis* at »:?* o»«iccx tharv.
; Occidental - Horse Exchange
5 2*« TKIKI> S'fR^.7. SAX FHaXCISCO
¦ .•rj ¦•«*• readr H-rrses a: salisya^i 5*r^r-
: day< 1*IS >"cr«!=ieT- . - -
J.OtSJ JIAGRAXH. A^ti:=«erPARIS, Nov. IS. — A dispatch to the- Temps
from Constantinople says negotiations have
b«en resumed for raising the American lega
tion to the rank of an embassy, >
Rabbi Nieto delivered an interesting
sermon last night at Congregation
Sherith Israel on-"Ezekiel,' in which
he told of his candor and power and
remarkable leadership. The rabbi said
that Ezekiel was not of the stock that
told the people what pleased them
most, but he took the course which
appeared"to him the right one. He
was fearless and rebuked all that was
corrupt.
Delivers Interesting Sermon.
Representatives of the banking syndi
cate which proposes to bid for a por
tion of the city bond issue at next Mon
day's meeting of the Board of Super
visors appeared yesterday before the
joint Finance and Public Utilities Com
mittee for the purpose of arriving at
an understanding regarding the d««
livery of the securities. 'The syudicate
includes the Bank of California, Mer
cantile Trust Company, San Francisco
Savings Union, Mutual, , Hibernia,
French, German, Mission, Security and
D. O. Mills National banks and a joint
bid will be submitted for a portion of
the issue aggregating $2,099,800. divided
as follows:
For the Mission Park. $292,000; for a
public library site in the neighborhood
of Van Ness avenue and Fulton street,
$739,800; for Golden Gate Park and Pre
sidio extension. $328,000; for a chil
dren's playground, $740,000.
It was explained that some of the
banks would want the bonds on Jan
uary ]5, 1905, while others would want
them at a later date in the event that
they are successful bidders. The banks
are desirous of escaping payment of
taxe3 in March on the money they are
reserving for the purchase of the bonds.
The committee decided to recommend
in a report that the board agree to de
liver the bonds or any part »pf them
on or after January 1G, 1905, upon five
days' notice being given to the board.
I It was deemed advisable that clean
cut bids be filed rather than compel the
| bidders to incorporate a condition as to
when the bonds shall be delivered. It
was also stipulated that all the bonds
bid upon must be taken by the success
ful bidders and be delivered before
June 30, 1905.
The committee recommended that the
City Attorney be directed to begin con
demnation proceedings for' the acquisi
tion of the various lands involved in
the bids of the syndicate. The Public
Library Trustees will be asked to rec
ommend a site for the new library in
order that similar proceedings may be
begun.
Successful Bidders to Re
ceive Securities On and
After January 15, 1905
AGREEMENT IS REACHED
Banking Syndicate Secures
Assurance From Super
visors as to the Delivery
DISCUSS BIDS
ON BOND ISSUE
INSOLVENT PAINTER.— C. H. Rankln.
painter, Sacramento, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday In tha United States District
Court. He owes $37S and has no assets.
Keep looking: young: and save your hair, its
Color and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
¥wj%m"b Ginger Tonic the beet cough cure. *
MOKNIEP. MATTER ARGUED.— Judge Gra
ham yesterday heard arguments- and took un
der submission the opposition of the -Hlbernla
Barings and Loan Society to the effort of Anna
Monnier. special administratrix cf the estate
of George Monnier, to withdraw money and
other personal property deposited by the de
ceased winemakcr In the bank. The bank con
tend* that Mrs. Monnier did not qualify as ad
ministratrix because her bend of $1000 was not
twice the value cf the property, as required by
law.
TO GUARD MINOR.— William Raubinffer
yesterday petitioned for letters of guardianship
over George W. Raublnger, 8 years old,- who
has a one-fourth Interest in the $10,000 estate
of his deceased
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE
BENEFICIARY AT TEA
The Home of Miss Forbes Is Deco
rated in Flags of Two
A tea for the benefit of the Sea
men's Institute was given at the home
of Miss Euphemia Forbes, corner of
Franklin and Pine streets, yesterday
afternoon.
,: A musical programme afforded
much enjoyment, among the numbers
being selections by the Lloyd quintet.
In the evening there was a dance.
The home of Miss Forbes was decorat
ed in flags. Old Glory and the Union
Jack being freely represented. There
,was a good attendance and -the Insti
tute profited very fairly.
For a persistent CourIi, Plso's Cure
for Consumption is an effectual remedy. •
A man named James Stephens, who
is supposed to have stolen silverware
from Mrs. Parrott's Menlb Park resi
dence some time aso, is at the Deten
tion Hospital and is watched by the
police. \ His malady is epilepsy. He
was brought from the City Prison at
6 o'clock Thursday evening.
Police SusDect Stephens.
Fred "W. Bradley, the well known
mining engineer, who was a victim of
the gas explosion at his v home on
Lieavenworth and Washington streets
Thursday, was reported last night to
be progressing as well as might be ex
pected toward recovery. A consulta
tion of surgeons held yesterday after
noon resulted in the decision that tha
unfortunate man -will recover his eye
sight, which it was for a time thought
had been permanently destroyed. It
will, however, be several weeks be
fore Bradley will be able to leave his
bed.
Victim of Thursday's Gas Explosion
Receives Pleasing Assurance After
a .« Consultation.
Weak Eyes cured by Murine. Cures
pink Eye and all inflamed conditions. •
SUKGEOXS SAi: BRADLEY
WIIiTj NOT LOSE SIGHT
The E. I. Du Pont de Nemours
Powder Company, through its at
torneys. E. S. Pillsbury and Pills
bury. Madison & Sutro, filed com
plaint yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court against ' William C.
Peyton and the Peyton Chem
ical Company, asking for the appofnt
ment of a receiver; for a temporary
restraining order enjoining respond
ents from collecting an alleged assess
ment upon certain shares of stock;
for an accounting and exhibition of
all the books and minutes of proceed
ings. The complaint also asks for the
cancellation of a certificate for 1000
shares of capital stock of respondent
and the issuance to R. S. Penniman in
lieu thereof and four certificates of
stock of said corporation, one for 950
shares of said capital stock in the
name of the E. I. Du Pont de Nemours
Powder Company,* one for twenty-five
shares in the name of R. S. Penniman.
one fpr fifteen shares in the name of
Frank Turner and one for ten shares
In the name of G. W. Reynolds.
It is alleged that the Peyton Com
pany borrowed $183,000 from the Du
Pont Company, $115,000 of which
falls due next month. Three thousand
shares of the common stock of the re
spondent are claimed by the com
plainant, the stock "being valued at
SI 00 per share. -
Attorney Marcel ! E. Cerf said last
night: "The Peyton Chemical Com
pany* and Mr. Peyton are solvent. They
can and will pay 100 cents on every
dollar when 'obligations fall due.-
Du Pont de Xemours Powder Com
pany Asks for Restraining Order
From the Circuit Court.
BIG SUIT IS FILED
AGAINST CHEMICAL FIRM
Chief Clerk Stevens Is Out.
Considerable surprise was expressed
among the employes of the Southern
Pacific Company yesterday when it
became known that W. H. Stevens,
for many' years chief clerk in the
ticket auditing department of the
company, had been relieved of his du
ties. Accompanying the news of
Stevens' dismissal was the announce
ment that C. P. Warren, who has been
in the employ of the railroad company
for twenty years, had been appointed
to succeed him.
With simple ritual service the re
ir.a.Ins of Mrs. George Crocker were
laid in their last resting place In
Mountain View Cemetery yesterday
afternoon. From Newport, R. L. the
body had been brought across the con
tinent that her wishes and those of the
family might be carried out. that it
might find eternal rest among the
gently rising hills in Alameda County's
most beautiful site.
In the morning funeral services
¦were held at Trinity Episco
pal Church in this city. It
was here that Mrs. Crocker
had worshiped and in this
church that she had worked earn
estly in Christian endeavor. Rev. Dr.
F. W. Clampett, the rector of Trinity,
conducted the services, assisted by
Rev. Dr. David McClure and Rev.
James Hulme. A quartet consisting
of Miss Flynn, Miss Fairweather, Mr.
P. J. Oksen and Mr. Chester Rose
kranz contributed the song service.
With much impresslveness the last
words were spoken over one who had
been one of the leading members of
the congregation.
The floral tributes were of rare
beauty and in artistic designs were
tenderest sentiments for the dead ex
pressed. Across the platform ranged
choice flowers in tasteful creations. On
the casket were heaps of the floral of
ferings. Friends far . and near had
cent their tributes and although, ele
gance was not marred by profusion
there "was proof of many deep friend
ships.
George Crocker and etepson, Alex
ander H. Rutherford, were present
w*th other members of the family.
About 160 relatives and intimate
friends in all were at the church.
Tbe brief services over the funeral
procession was formed and it proceed
ed to the ferry, where a special boat
¦vras in waiting on which the party -was
conveyed across the bay. At the ceme
tery the quartet sang and Rev. Dr.
Clampett spoke the grave service.
HOGUITS SUCCESSOR APPOINTED.— J. S.
JUcfcter hm.B b»en appointed fleputy Internal
revenue collector tt Fresno in place of S. I*
He*ue, wfoo rw^cned recently.
If any doubt has ever existed in the
minds of John Murdock's employers
regarding his integrity It was dispelled
yesterday afternoon. Murdock is the
driver of the Occidental Hotel bus, a
position he has held for a number of
months. Shortly after the noon hour
yesterday he entered the lobby of the
hotel and walking over to a desk he
discovered a big wallet lying upon it,
and with the curiosity that is natural
to all men he opened the red leather
case, which he discovered was filled
•with greenbacks. Murdock promptly
turned the -wallet over to Manager
Hill of the hotel and the latter pro
ceeded to count the currency, which
amounted in all to $1030. Inclosed
with the fresh looking bills was a let
ter of credit which was the means of
establishing the identity of the owner
in the person of A.' C. Stepany, an
Englishman living in Los Angeles.
Stepany was a guest at the hotel over
night and departed for Sacramento on
the 10 o'clock train yesterday morn-
Ing. It Is supposed that while ar
ranging for the checking of his bag
gage he laid his wallet on the top of
the desk and went off without it. As
he left the hotel about 9:30 in the
morning the wallet must have been
lying exposed to view on the desk for
several hours until Murdock found it.
The hotel manager telegraphed Ste
pany that his wallet had been 5 found
and the owner promptly sent Instruc
tions to have it expressed to him at
Sacramento.
Lobby.
Picks up a Wallet Containing $1030
in Currency in the Occidental
E. H. Harriman is preparing to ex
pend $3,000,000 during the coming
year In improving his railroad lines
in Oregon. One of the first improve
ments that will be undertaken will be
the relaying of eighty-pound rails on
the Southern Pacific line north of
Ashland for a distance of 148 miles.
This work, exclusive of ties, will, ac
cording to the engineers' estimates,
cost about $715,000. Another $110,
000 Is to be spent in reballasting por
tions of the tracks between Ashland
and Portland, and $70,000 is to be
used In reballasting the tracks of the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany between Portland and Hunting
ton, a distance of about seventy-six
miles.
Other construction work to be paid
out of the $3,000,000, appropriation
will include the building and repairing
of bridges along the Southern Pacific
line in Oregon, which will cost In the
neighborhood of $470,000, and for
similar work along the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company's lines
the sum of $406,000 is to be used. For
a number of months the Southern Pa
cific Company has had a large force
of men engaged in the canyons of
Northern California and Southern
Oregon filling: in the deep gaps, for
which millions of yards of material
has been used. It is proposud that
this work shall continue during the
coming year until the canyons have
been filled in and the company '.a af
forded an opportunity to abandon the
high trestles. The Harriman syndi
cate is already engaged In replacing
the old wooden trestles on both the
northern portion of the Southern Pa
cific and along the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company with modern
steel structures and the work will
continue through the coming year.
These many improvements. It 13 es
timated, will cost about $1,761,000,
which will leave $1,239,000 of the
$3,000,000 appropriation to be used
on other improvements along the
northern lines of the big transcontin
ental svstem. .
Railroad Magnate Sets Aside a Big
Sum for Improving His Trans
continental System, j
HOTEL) BUS DRIVER
MAKES A RICH FIND
HARRIMAN TO SPEXD
MILLIONS IX OREGON
The defendant's attorneys objected
and after argument the Judge sustained
the objection. The District Attorney
was allowed till to-day to file counter
affidavits and the Grand Jury was ex
cused from further attendance till Mon
day morning. »
"Well, then," £aid Byington, "we will
ask leave to put the defendant on the
stand to cross-examine him on his af
fidavit."
The technical flght made by Joseph
Rebstock to quash the Indictment
against him for violating the election
law by refusing: to administer the oath
to a voter whose vote was challenged
at the primary election while he was
acting as an inspector at a polling
booth opposite the Almahouse was con
tinued before Judge Lawlor yesterday.
The members of the Grand Jury who
had been subpenaed as witnesses were
present and ready to testify.
The argument on the motion was be
gun on Wednesday and continued yes
terday.' The point at issue was as to
whether the defense had the right to
file affidavits on information and be
lief as to the action of the Grand Jury
prior to the filing of the indictment.
The attorneys for the defendant quoted
a case in Xew York, where it was held
that such affidavits were permissible.
The Judge said that while he had
some misgiving as to the soundness of
the decision, he would like to hear
from the District Attorney on the point.
District Attorney Byington argued
that if affidavits were made on hearsay
testimony they would be clearly not
permissible. He admitted that he had
been unable to find any decision on that
point in this State.
The Judge thought In view of the
New York decision he must assume
that the practice of filing affidavits on
information and belief was valid.
Suits for divorce were filed by Adessa
Walker against James Walker, deser
tion; Clara Ellis against William Ellis,
desertion and neglect; George J. Bless
ing against Flora Blessing, desertion.
The Blessings were married in 1877 and
have three children over 20 years old.
Judge Seawell granted a divorce .to
Lucretia Flower from Theron Flower,
having taken the case under submis
sion on Thursday. Judge Graham
granted a divorce to Caroline Baum
back from Bernard Baumback for de
sertion.
Judge Graham yesterday granted a di
vorce to Jennie Clyde Harner from W".
B. Harner, until lately superintendent
of the Southern Pacific's commissary
department. Mrs. Harner charged
cruelty and Harner made counter
charges of the same purport. He, how
ever, did not press his side of the suit.
They were married at Denver in Au
gust, 1900. The wife said her husband
slapped her face in his office, before
strangers and complained of her atten
tion to her pet dog, which he poisoned.
He had a habit, too, she declared, of
arousing: her jealousy by talking of his
affairs with other women. Mrs. Harner
was corroborated by Mrs. Ellen Dibble.
The decree, with 525 a month alimony,
was granted.
A suit for divorce was filed yester
day against Joseph Pommer, dealer in
ladies' furnishings at 729 Larkin street,
by his wife, Eva, whom he married in
1S87. She accuses him or cruelty and
penuriousness. He had a habit of
throwing her ten dollars a week allow
ance at her feet, and on an occasion
when she bought an inexpensive dress
and asked him to pay for it he flew into
a rage and abused her in public. His
business, she says, is worth $6000 and
produces an income of $250 a month.
Besides this he has $1100 in cash and
$2000 in bonds. She asks for $100 ali
mony and $250 fees. They have two
children.
A few weeks ago Lola de Laica sued
Alfonso de Luca for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. In a cross com
plaint filed yesterday he makes a like
charge against her. When they mar
ried, he says, she represented that she
was a widow without children. After
the wedding he heard that she had a
husband and child living in Uexico. He
asked her for a proof of her widow
hood and she abused him. Then he
threatened to have the union set aside
and she threatened him with a razor
and struck him and told him to "look
out for her," because she had Indian
blood in her veins.
Simple Bitual Service at
Trinity Church ' and In
terment in Mountain View.
Judge Lawlor Decides Affi
davits May Be Filed on
Information and Belief
Railroad Commissary Man
Divorced Upon His Wife's
Accusations of Cruelty
MRS. CROCKER
LAID TO REST
REBSTOCK WINS
TRIVIAL POINT
POISONS DOG
FOR JEALOUSY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 19, 1904.
16
HAUS'S. I HALES. I IIALES.
direcii^mMScir" 1 bC rOmlCrC<1 fr0 "" 7:3 ° " ntil Oi? ° b ' V " ° 7ChCStra Under thC ¦
Tomorrow ««. -.an prim] Another "Wooltex" Event
the first winning picture of the . **• + %/- JLr- HP^ TV^^,
Santa Chitis 'contest. Watch \\\ G*TlS COatS I 0 = U&y
J or lt , To stir up the enthusiasm of every -??£> 2
T™, r~-~ * c ° mother who is thinking of getting her little ' *&£&£¦,
Toy Carpet Sweeper gir , a warmer wintcr » cozt> of gctt{n , it of
at 7C I O-Uay all-wool material, better made and of pay- K^^W^
ZTJSIV^S MM& ing as low as $5.00. Take this %LM
a perfect little Bissell's carpet Cort »t 85.00— The one in G'Tls' DreSSeS J^T TV /?*\
sweeoer iusr lilr*' th*> K?o- «n» the Picture. Note the * Jl . 1 ° VI ,,?*, //fill Q vk yftevv>
sweeper, just- like the big one style, the way lt fits At 82.95— A nobby little Y/at ° ,f /T\\
mamma uses. It has a good brush, and hangs. It's an ex- Buster Brown dress of /[J I , /JR
strongly -made, and will clean the act reproduction of r. serge. good quality 'T^? I I jh^Q
carpet. 7c. Third floor heavy cheviot coat from serge, too. Some with Mgg U |gp*-tT
Dolfcradt «S reed.'' with hood f°£ SSc Pl 2S colfar ""%*%?* hav^ jfiff O I lfT\
top hard wood rockers, 17% inchea J^» pl^J cuffs and collar of self COAT^J 1 ift
"^ S = iSS ftS <5^ o IMJ»
9n«'«? four.chairs. waist and piped with silk ties to match. f ° .9 J \)I^T
fcrmr Pi«n« ot«_t« .„„„„„. «^,.w dark red cloth. Sizes Waist ltned throughout. /, <t\ I f¥.
wlth^T'fcSST rosewood finish, 6. 8 and 10 years; color. sizes 4 to 14 years, col- // \[ Ln\
wun six Keys. gray-blue. It's a splen- ors— black and white // • 1 fl\
' did little coat for $5.00. checks, red. navy, sage L ( nji _Jk2
CnOCOiate Flldc^e ~ and bronn : a11 at S2.95.
VHUWU1UI.V i ""fe 6 I.onsr Touiiat Coat at At S1.95 — Russian blouse TV?a~tr«T>^
1 1h« 7=>r S7 - 50 — To flt Sirls 6. 8. dress, In plain Henri- MSI llS!..»f
4, IU5> io. 12 and 14 years: ctta. fancy mixtures. '63 IHvfV,
Fresh to-dav; regularly 2OC lb heavy cheviot, pleated pored skirt. Dress is III JHN'W
1 Ih? for o-r'tn rlav back, standing military lined throughout and THirfla///
,, ," r^, „/' » collar - turnover cuffs. trimmed with fancy Mfi Vkl/f
Molasses Kisses, 20c pound, a deli- insignia on the sleeves. buttons and braid; sizes : /J^L^ml
clous chewing candy. gray and navy. $7.50. 6 to 14 years. $1.93.
Underwear Opportunity AGreatSaleMannelettef
For Men Wnmpn ThilHrpn Wrappers— Prices start at
rui lyieii, .vvuiiien anu Further details in 'e*-
A general happening of more than usual interest for the tnninrr in dn.x>
whole family. Women's $1.^25 pants at 75c; men's merino gar- j, y> Q
ments 39c ; boys' union suits at 85c. There is more than one c? • 1 r^ n •
story back of them, but let the prices talk. w Special Drug Prices
¦trr >»r* A ¦», ..„!,.,. F° r special drug business to-day
Women S* Garments B< ?ialn U^h^e r me?inrv?s t ?s %J£fc and to show you the advantages of
Corset Covers at aSo-Knitted white. «d draw"™. Pantalets makin J^ d tore «
sHk ?rimmrne n - e sh:es n 4 s^nd 1^"' 25c Vest » at "c-Girls* heavy ribbed. regular buying place.
At VSc-WoSs sanitary woo"l vests $5"™ hite COt^ tOn VeStS * ; slzes 3 to 35c , for Camellln.-Ifs re«-
and pants, with silk binding around 1- > cars - ularly 50c.
the neck and down the front; sizes iir._). r*^^»v,««+«. 15 S n for , Usterln*— Regular
30 to 44 Men s garments 20c size.
$1.25 ; Otnnati at 75c— Plain white At 39e Garment-Undershirts and "c'orlycm'. Tooth Powder— Regular
£» ? 2i an W ° pants: a11 s^es from drawers in natural gray and camels- inl £>*«««.¦*«-» *.«»•"¦. »« " --
Bli^T^kts, 500-Ankle length, open ft?." 10 "- ™* 1 ™ "^ *» T^^ A^
h t%?l&T^t£ t&Sthl * C * COt - »* l *7 "--s?fle .'^^lAot^ *"'
Union Snit«. 45c-Heavy ribbed, fleece- blue and camelshair color^n^ in *•?*'**'' Perfume, 50c otmca-Rega-
lined cotton, ecru and silver gray. , e ana cam€lshair colors, not all larly 7oc; perfect, lasting odors.
n .., , ~ sizes. # pnje white Tar Soap. 83c for hox of 3
Children S Garments At 63140 a srarment — Wool mixed un- calces, together wlta Aluminum Comb
Boys' Union Suits, 85c— Heavy ribbed. der , sh A rts , and , u d f awe f s ' lnter , ~ lt 'l, <-'raddock's pure white soap.
fleece-lined cotton, open down the weight, in camelshair color only; all not black. Its better for the hair.
front; sizes 8 to 14 years. sizes. —
Girls' Union Suiti, 50c— Fleece-lined At 89c Garment— Vicuna wool shirts Feather Boas
cotton, ecru or silver gray; sizes 3 to and drawers. Drawers have strong ' _. . , * *-'"»**'
15 years. double gussets in seats; special value at lfieir Best NOW
At at |l 9 19 Garm^t-All-wool under- he^more r^^ChS^af
gg^^^^ ; & 30. A shirts^d drawers, in natural gray; j^S? i^Ut^fn^e S^«
/~v f • «j 1 • m nr • -j. -m m rw*\ r\. Beautiful Black Peather Boaa — Of se-
I n I I /I HAM C fVl 1 I 1 1 ti At*17 1 A-l 8Oir lected ostrich fibers at $10.00 to
•? •/ hoa« are of o«trich llTjer», hiar and
and Hats Trimmed Free o»^...t8iojotoBMo--i%»nd
-, . , • • ,1 xi t t 1 « 1 * yards long. Natural at S17J0,
Special opportunities all through the department make it 1% yards long. Black and white at
important to get' the little girl her winter hat now. 812 - 50 ' 1Ys yard3l0n -
Perhaps the most interesting item of all is this splendid lot of ±$f
They're pretty shapes, scratch felt and beavers, rolled or flat. Thev ¦*£& -^**^^ffri iTinnmi — "^
can be made into the popular Napoleon style with just a little bend and «... ""^
a twist. Think of them at 48c. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F.
ApVERTISEMEXTS. ,^ r,r^~~.™~~~~~~
100% Wool 100% Value
100% Quality
100% Tailoring 100% Cleanliness-
Brown's Clothing can look you squarely in
the eye, for the fabric is honest, honestly tail-
ored, honestly trimmed and honestly pr,iced.
It's time now to buy a winter suit or overcoat
for yourself, boy or child :: :: :: :: :: ::
MAN 5l6'518:MA»KETSX>I0 1 NTGoiiEBV TILLl °
ADVERTISEMENTS.
See Small Ad Page for" Further
Particulars.
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
Flour on the Mcirket.
A Ten-Pound Sack of
. SUMMIT' SNOW. FLOUR,
The -Newest and f Best Family
FREE FREE FREE
WITH Vi:
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OLD RELIABLE
BAY CITY
ESTABLISHED 1875.
1132-38 Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
NO PHQXE ORDERS TAKEN ON SPECIAL
... SA1.E DATS.
SPECIAL SALE
EVERT SATURDAT.
SHOULDERS of SPRING LAMB. p«r !b..5c
FOR.EX3UARTERS of SPRING LAMB, per
lb 7c
HIXDQUARTEatS of SPRING LAMB, per
lb lOc
LEGS of SPK1NO LAMB, per lb lOc
CHOICE ROAST BEEF, per lb...lOc ud ,«e
COKNED BEEF (tfct best). ' per lb ..tic
I4OAST PORK, per lb ........' .»c
i-EGS OF PORK, per.lb. .:......' lie
CP.OICE EASTERN' SUGAR CURED
HAMS. r*r lt>..'. ISHc
SELECTED EASTERN SUGAR CURED
BACON, per Jb.... lCc
SWEET PICK.LED PORK SPARE RIBS,
per lb „ Se
SIRLOIN STEAK, per lb. 12Uc
POUTERI1OUSB fiTEAK. p«r lb 15c
All klaC» of HAVBAGB8 at the lowest prices
•a thl» city, made '•> ottr own factory, the
larrcft in t!>e city.
Bic cut on price* of all other m— ta.*
Free deUvcry to aU parts of tb» <Xf.
I Oriental Goods |
| At Wholesale Prices |
B. We Offer Our Entire Extra Fine |
I Collection of I
I ORIENTAL RUGS i
I AND CURTAINS I
I 25% DISCOUIMT f
g From Regular Retail Prices i
0 We arc Sole Agents for John a
§ Crossley &. Son's Celebrated 5
g English Carpets. C
I ChasJUi&Co. j
1 Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. |
The Life of the Linen
Lasts longer — Is preserved — by our care
ful sanitary methods of washlns starctt
j injr and ironing. It Isn't one. two. thra
, time and out by as many visits of .
l shirt here. Our prices for laundry -wori
; are modest enough, still sufficient t
j warrant us in rendering efficient servic«
[united states wsm
1004 IIASKET ST3ECTJ.
> * Telephone Soutb 420.
Palace DOirr FAILTCJ
111/1 COURT Lounging
I aiifl S^*^ empire
Parlor, th«
yraiiQ L2s j s xv par.
LOR, and the LA-
Hotels SSoV* 1 ™ 0
MAKKS_JBROS._
SATURDAY'S
SPECIALS
25c Chiffon Puffs 15c
CHIFFON PUFF, like cut. comes In Red,
Green, Pink, Blue, Black and Brown.
TO-DAY WE PUCE ON (hf) QA
SALE. AT ...... ¦ q>O.OU
200 of Our MISSES' T^
COATS, Worth $5.00.
We maks this REDUCTION because we
want your BUSINESS. If you'vs been
buying elsewhere we want to put
temptation In your way that you cannot
resist.
This $$.'&&
Misses Go&t Jhjj^'
1 : P \iM§Fl///ABO(/T
\'\ \ ill^Q OX
WARNER'S RUST-PRGOFCOR- AO n
SETS, $1.25 kind., . '\jQ\j
Extended Hip-— Hose Sup- - .
porters Attacked. .
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 MARKET STREET
IRISH j
MOSS
COUGH I
BALSAM
PRESCKIEnD BY THE BEST
i PHYSICIANS FOR
ConsrfcB. Ccldi. Hoarseness? Bron< '.
cMtisx. Croup Is CMiarazs. - and :
All Threat and Iiuas Troubles •
Try a bottle to-day: don't wait 1111 the i
" doctor says -"CONSUMPTION." |
05c; 500 AT AXIi DKUQGISTS j
CURES IN A DAY
minimi iiiiiimmmiiii itT