VOLUME XCVI— NO. 156.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER .3, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE TmCATEM.
AI/TAZAR—"Eru«a "Warn* **
CALIFORNIA— Ha^rly'i Mi=atr-!a.
fffvni AT—'-Tha "Worst "Woman la
COLUMBIA—"GUtterta* Gloria."
CHUTES—Vaod*vll!e.
GRAND— "Pretty P»?7T.**
MAJESTIC—"Hanilet." Matia?* to-
ORPHEintf—Vaad*nil«. Matlne« to-
TIvbLI— '"rh* Mes^tureT Bot." .
JAPANESE CONFIDENT THAT LONG
SIEGE IS NOW TO END IN VICTORY
applied I for.: registration,- so X that'; they
could J. vote \ f ors School ¦* members
to state their age as "twenty-one plus."
Registrar ' George J.V.i Kinean; ; Demo
crat,"; and ?"J.'"f J.^Fannlng,",? Republican/
stated that i the ' tarst^woman to .register
said that ! she| had ; beeni lnf ormed* by,; a
Judge,; that i to"; say '/hat 'i she i was i past
21-,was all :that- was necessary. -— ¦
NEW YORK. . Nov. 2. — Miss . Alice
H. Rutherford, who. is to : become \ the
bride of J. Langdon' Erving. 1 on' Fri
day, has received. from her stepfather,
George Crocker, a wedding present -of
$60,000. Many 'other" valuable pres
ents have been received by Miss Ruthf
erf ord. whose marriage will be ; cele
brated . in the residence -of Mr.
Crocker. - ;' : x ¦ :' . ..."."•.-. . . .
Bliss Alice Rntherford Receives Hand
some Gift From Her Step-'
father, Geors-e~ Crocker.-
SIXTY THOUSAND ; DOLLARS
AS A -WEDDIXG PRESENT
Physicians Who Performed * Autopsy
on " Body Are of 'Opinion .That . ,
* , 3IurdeT Was Committed.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. ,2.— Paul
Winters." believed * to be ."^ from - Inyo
County.; was found dead near Colton
early, this morning by Frank Peters! a
rancher.; ;Doctors .who performed ; the
autopsy, on the body, are of ' the opinion*
that .Winters was strangled \ to death!
as -there"; are H marks • on his throat and
the tissues "of 6 % the*; throat are Itorri.
Winters" was'; about 35 . ; years - of age.
The "motive'* for - the crimed if a crime
was committed, was lacking.' A watch
and a few dollars in_ money were found
on-his body.. ';"''- ' ''¦- " '"'" ¦ "¦'-
War ' News Continued on ' Page 1.
Admiral Wise Soon to Retire.
Nov.; 2.-^^^^, Ad T
miral the '/"" At
lantic-trainingSsquadronVVwill-be , re
tired c from Z service 5 on !3 November"**-** 8.
He twill ; be i succeeded; In command*," of
the « sauadron sby > Rear "Admiral f R. 1 * B.
Bradford, formerly in command of the
battleship Illinois. r v.. ;''./'¦ \ . .; :. . =
"¦¦' The ¦ order ¦ reads that all persons
must' submit '; to a. physical examina
tion, arid,*"^ if they.: have consumption,
must not ; be; employed/. ; *' • ¦ ¦ I
WASHINGTON, Nov., 2.^-In future
persons ' suffering from . . consumption
will not, be; employed -iri United States
postoffices or pother' Government" posi
tions. -: from - which • they, are likelyilto
spread disease. • This; decision ' has ". been
reached* by -the i United States^'Civil
Service Commission and Commissioner
Cqbley -- has ; sent out an order > to ' this
effect.' ', "¦''•¦';-" .:¦; ¦ "."¦:' (
Scope of -an Order ¦, Issued by .-.- the
: United States Civil Service
Commission. ¦ ' - - ',
3nrSTERir. ST7KROCXDS
t DEATH OF PAUL WINTERS
COXSTDIPTTv-ES , BARRED '.
FROM FEDERAL PLACES
CINCINNATI.'; Nov/ 2.^-The election
officers In^PiecinctrA^f the Thirteenth
Ward were reprimanded' by] the fBoard
of L Elections to-day^ fori permitting forf
tj'^one '; out :¦ of ? forty-nine ; .women .-who
Vengeance, at 'the caucuses is threat
ened upon the candidacy of the "woman
or women! In whose interest the story
was circulated. " -, In ; ward 4. the names
of forty voters, - necessary j for,, placing
a candidate, la; nomination,, have -been
procured in.th* interests of Miss Leona
Pierce. Signers include v leading busi
ness and professional I, men; as •. well : as'
members ; of the clergy. : In ward * 5, J in
which Mrs.* Xewton Morganis a'candl
date, the ' women obtained five * signers
In three days ' and * the signers I were all
women.
To-day Miss Bigelow's ; friends learn
ed that the slck-unto-death story was
a myth and that she was in her usual
health. ' . -,: . ¦,
SPRINGFIELD. Mass.. : Nov. 2.—
The advent of Springfield society
women in* politics has been, accopa
nied by the introduction into the
school committee contests of new and
effective methods" of camp'aigning.
The nomination of Miss Elizabeth
Bigelow, al former grammar school
principal, was desired by - . the men
voters in Ward 5." A story to the ef
fect that there was illness in Miss
Bigelow*s family and the condition
of her own health was precarious led
to a tacit understanding that Miss
Bigelow was riot a possibility. At' a
meeting ; of a well-known women's
organization the suggestion that Miss
Bigelow be visited was. frowned upon •
one member stating -that it would be
"an unchristian imposition" to bur
den her with the thought of outside
cares. .... ... ••.
Special Dispatch to Th* CalL
OMAHA, Nov. 2.— Bitten by a green
snake when a boy. Arthur Wells, now
25 years of age, has developed a strong
aversion to anything and everything of
that color. To-day he. was taken to the
police station violently delirious, the re
sult of being shown to a room In a hotel
which was hung with green paper.
Wells' case is a puzzler. For thirty
y<?a\V he has had a superstitious
dreaJi of green neckties, green clothing
and especially green wallpaper. Green
leaves and green tres • only affect him
to a slight degree. His relatives say
that his aversion to the color Is the re
sult of the bite of a. sniair green snake
when he was young. An attack of ty
phoid fever which he had several years
ago he attributed to sleeping In a room
that was hung with green wallpaper.
In his delirium he believes his friends
are trying to poison him by feeding him
on green paper. He shrieks for help and
begs piteously. for those about him to
dislodge the green paper, which he im
agines has been stuffed into his nostrils,
his mouth and his eyes.
EyecUI Dlspetch to The Calt
Continued on Pa-e 2, Column * C.
Trro nizhts of Baldwin's Airship
' 3Iarr^d br Accidents.
ST.- LOinS. Nov. 2.— Two accidents
to-day prevented the long-distance
trial flight arranged by Captain Thom
es S. Baldwin of San Francisco to test
th» staying powers of his airship, the
California Arrow, and what was to
have been a speed demonstration
around a prescribed quadrangular
course of about, fifteen miles developed
Info a drifting exhibition- The Ar
row ftnallv landed in a cornfield four
rnlles;west of the aeronautic concourse
at the World's Fair, after the motor
had been disabled by an exha^ist cap
aj?ain blowing off when the vessel had
rfmuined its fight after the first break
down had been repaired.
Th- first accident resulted in the
Arrow being brought to the ground
about a mile and a half northwest of
the concourse. The airship was com
manded by a. • Roy Knabenshue of
Tcl*do. the hero of the successful
f.ights of Monday and yesterday. Cap
tain Baldwin had arranged to follow
the airship in an automobile, and
"»-ij«n the accident occurred and the
motor stopped he gave instructions
to follow the drifting aerial craft.
«.I u , s i. b l. fore P*«ing through the
V>c>lds Fair gat*».s a Jefferson Guard
ran to th- automobile and handed
Captain Baldwin a metal cap which.
he said, had fallen just after' it was
noticed that the airship was in troubl-
The captain explained the nature o'f
the accident to those on the ground
and s*id that the damage could be re
paired without bringing the airship
back to the aerodrome, providing
Knabenshue could land without usins
too much gas, and the trip b*> re
somed after the Arrow returned to the
concourse under its own power.
When Captain Baldwin reached the
Arrow the repairs were immediately
started and in less than an hour the
Arrow was again in the air. making
AT MERCY OF.. THE BREEZE.
After Thirty Years
Victim Becomes
Maniac.
Up-to-Date Method
oi Winning an
Til- A'
JDilcOUUll.
The / President tried- to mount., but
he" was; «o dizzy from the K shock 'that
he could ' not ; stand. It was some ,-time
before he regained the JTull control | of
his legs and arms. He then remounted
and rode - at a slow pace ,to . the 1 point
where his orderly was -waiting 'for
him.; • '"-- ¦ - ' ¦ ' "'¦' ;-' .;.:;:-:
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— President
Roosevelt had an J escape from death
so narrow, that It was almost miracu
lous by_ being thrown from, his 'horse
while, he ; was riding through the coun
try near Washington a' week ago^.last
Sunday afternoon. ., The j accident'. did
not become ; known .until '. torday. ",'.". The
President ..was approaching <a ; ' high
fence at top . epeed ,' when ¦- his , horse
stumbled and fell, throwing Roosevelt
off forward. -He struck squarely, on his
head and .was so severely stunned that
he was unconscious' for some time, Ibut
how long, he -does not know, as he was
riding ejitirely. alone. • When >he ;, re
gained his I senses he * found his 'horse
standing; near 'him.-- • - •>«:
By that time there was. 'a great
lump on the right side of the.Presi
dent's ' head _-and. blood was trickling
from a long but shallow scalp wound
above the right ear, " where his head
had ; struck a» stone a glandng blow.
The cut extended down .the forehead
and evidences of It still are there. ,.
?.The President; regards it as a miracle
that, his -neck was not broken* by the
force of his . fall. - If he had • landed • on
thejStone. which scratched his ; head in
stead of in the soft earth beside it- he
believes his - skull would have been
crushed: like" an: egg' shell. 'The Presi
dent ordered that not a. word should be
paid about his accident. He was at his
office .the .following; day, but for two
or,, three days only his intimate friends
or - people with - especially , important
business ' were admitted. . , /
: To I those . who \ have - noticed - the
bruises since doors were opened Roose
velt has given as an explanation that
he and fell while exercising.
A prominent official :told the' stqry to
show, how close Secretary . Hay had
been to the Presidency. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This; feeling was expressed 'to-day by.
[ a high' official,- Who. ¦, speaking of the
plight of the garrison, said: ¦'': ' . r "
•*¦ "Not until history. records impartially
the progress of. the siege of. Port Ar
| thur .will the world realize the heroism
of the stronghold's defenders and fully
appreciate the 1 iron : fortitude of - Gen
eral StoesseL It has been known for
Bome time past "that the garrison had
been so decimated, while the area to.be
defended is bo great, tfcat the men
: practically ; have been kept: In the
trenches and forts 'day and night,
sleeping and eating ' beside the guns.
With a Japanese force of 70.000 to 30,000
men hammering at the walls of the city
It has been necessary at all times - to
keep every inch of the works defend
ed with . thrf full - strength that could
be musteredJ When it Is ; realized al3o
that during these . months the . garrison
has • not had the best of rations, that
there has .been a -shortage of certain
kinds of drugs, that many of the men
are poorly clad for a campaign in win
ter, some idea of . the horrors of the
siege can be gained. The suffering of
the men is all the greater now that
is near. There has been no op
portunity of . providing . them.: with .win-:
ter .clothing;* even the fuel -supply in
Port Arthur ; is nearing exhaustion,- and
the poor, fellows, fighting day and night
mOhe'- trenches.? sleeping. on' the .cold
ground in their summer.uniforms. have
not , always ' the comfort' of a flre."
The * official I reports . from : Tokio," de
scribing the. desperate assaults on Port
Arthur, .beginning on ; October 26. have
created' visible depression-at the. War
Office. . The sustained character: of. the
bombardment -with siege 'guns and' the
breaching ' of -, the walls with under
ground mines, but above all. the fact
that .the. Japanese * Government, after
weeks of-; silence regarding the opera
tions of the s besiegars. has given , out
these reports before ; actual success ha s
crowned. their efforts.^ convince the mil
itary authorities that after, long prep
arations General No gi is not only mak
ing a * supreme : effort to carry the»for
tress,*' but ? feels*so confident of success
that the result of . the preliminary,oper
ations has been mad* assured.
-. They believe . the : assault I was I timed
t, ST\ PETERSBURG, Nov: 2.— Foreign,
re ports from Port Arthur are decidedly
gloomy. "While the authorities con
tinue to profess confidence In General
Stoessel's ability to hold out, the pop
ular feeling Is that the heroic garrison,
which already has made a historic de-^
fense, 'must * how be near the limit of
human endurance. - • ¦ •
VLADIVOSTOK. Nov. 2.— Great
excitement has been caused by the ar
rival in oort of a number of commer
cial vessels with,, much neMed sup
plies. There was a heavy snowstorm
to-day and winter is setting in.
British Cruiser? Trailins Russians.
LISBON," Nov. 2.-r-A message from
the Citavos signal station says that
fcur i Russian battleships and a trans
port and four. British cruisers were
sighted .at' "9 - o'clock this morning
steaming southward.
Supplies Reach Vladivostok.
Regarding the capture of Rihlung
and Sungshu mountains.' the report is
not considered • Improbable, but Jap
anese say that it -is not intended to
occupy East Keekwan Mountain. la
August the Japanese succeeded in en
tering East Keekwan fort, as was -re
lated In these dispatches at* that time,
but under the~ concentrated fire "of the
other forts they were compelled to re
tire. Japanese officers here say that it
Is -impossible to. hold East Keekwan:
therefore an' attack on that position is
•presumably only a feint.
When the Japanese occupied th©
Russian trenches on Rihlung Moon
tain it is said that the Russians turned
a current of water into the trenches,
but the Japanese held fast. Previous
to this Japanese sheila exploded two
land mines on Rihlung Mountain.
•Conservative Japanese, realizing tij»
intense desire of the -Japanese for goo J
news on the Eniperor/s birthday. *"*••
celved the foregoing reports with re
serve.
for, the announcement 'of the fall. of the
fortress to be made, upon the birthday
of the Mikado to-morrow, which, by
a strange coincidence*. is the tenth an
niversary of the accession of Emperor
Nicholas and a great Russian holiday.
To-morrow, therefore, is expected to be
marked by fate for a day of immense
rejoicing either for Japan or Russia,
according as the present assault- suc
ceed qr.falL
"A' Belated "dispatch from General
Stoessel submits the names of forty of
ficers for St. George's crosses.
CHEFT7. Nov. 3; noon — Japanese ar
riving from - Dalny to-day report that
the Japanese have captured Rlhhm?
Mountain and . Sungshu . Mountain,
which lies between the railroad and
Rihlung Mountain. They also report
that the Japanese have captured East
Keekwan Mountain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
P res id e n t H as C Jose Call Near
¦ ¦ ' i : ¦ : i • ¦ ' VA/ o o r^ 1 r% rt"t /"\ m SewSK^-tirP^aStF^^a
* * ? ¦¦'¦ »W W ¦ *"1 1*111 I \J - 1 I' 1 I 1 - • - •. ' -- j r ~ :¦¦«»¦¦«
.. • "„ ¦ V w C4.O I I I I I CjL Lv/ I I ¦
SNAKE BITE
DILATORY IN
ITS EFFECT
FAIR SEX
ADEPT IN
POLITICS
STOESSEL'S HALF STARVED AND POORLY
CLAD MEN REACH THE LIMIT
OF ENDURANCE.
HORSE THROWS ROOSEVELT
DEADLY . EFFECT I OF;'SCHRAPXEI^--A~- JAPANESE BATTERY ! ADVANCING UNDER -ARTILLERY.; FIRE NEAR TATCHEKIAO.
ST.* LOUIS. Nov: 2'.-^-While Captain
Baldwin of San Francisco, inventor of.
the California Arrow airship, and sev
eral assistants were returning' the sir-
Ehip frcm the place where it landed.
in St. Louis County. after its
unsuccessful flight. * to the
"Grid's Fair aeronautic con
t-«':ir*e, th- Rad rope .was- dragged
lr'73a -the hands of Baldwin's aiislst- '
arts and the airship broke loose and
Beared into the air. When last seen
th*» airship was drifting rapidly In a
northwesterly direction- • -• • "
The airship escaped at S: 15 o'clock
to-night just as the persons towing it
into -the concourse had reached the
immediate . vicinity of the place.
There was a trolley line to be crossed
and It was necessary pass the prow
of the craft over the trolley wire and
catch, the down-hanging rope and
then release the rope that hung from
the rear. \. ' '.' - ¦ ' - '
.In the darkness those manipulating
the .ropes, miscalculated and both the
front and rear ropes were released at
the same" time.' .
In a twinkling' the buoyant airship,
from which had- been taken Jwenty-
Cve pound* of ballast and which was
•not even incrtinbered with Aeronaut
Kn&benshue, shot uj>> and -was g*one.
In the dim light projected by the
nearest arc light the yellow balloon
loomed indistinctly* but for 'enough
space erf time to show that the light
wind was* earning it toward the
northwest.- ..-•"• • •
There • was absolutely- nothing for
Baldwin. Knabenshu-e and. the other
members of the party to" do but ac
cept the situation an-d* make the' best
•of .it.- After some little discussion as
to .the probable length of time the sup
p-ly of gas would sustain the -airship,
Baldwin said that he believed the Ar
row would descend to the ground
•tvithin ait 'hour. -The party then pro
'"'>i to thV concourse, where the
announcement that the* airship had es
caped caused general consternation
among th-e crowd that had. remained
¦expecting to see the Arrow brought
fcack^ .
Fsnocs Dirigible Balloon Disappears
¦ . at night and- Is Soon
Lest to Sight
Breaks Away Wbile Being
Carried to Its Dock
¦'at the Fair.
According to information which came to Washington to-day Count Lamsr
dorff has informed the American Embassador in St. Petersburg that* a special
commission has been instituted by supreme order, under -the direction of *the
Ministry of the Interior, for the purpose' of a" general revision of the pass
port regulations now in force. The Russian Foreign Office has a representa
tive on this commission, and Count Lamsdorff promises that the wishes of
this Government as set forth by the President in the foregoing .extract from
the instructions to our Embassador will be promptly presented, with favor
able and satisfactory representations.
. This statement of the case has not been without effect, and the depart
ment is encouraged in the belief that its representations will bring about the
desired result at no late day. . ¦ . ¦•;•.¦¦
visiting citizens. That the benefits accruing to Russia are sufficient to-coun
terbalance the Inconvenience Involved is/'opeix to. f3uestipn..frpm^the*practleal
standpoints-IB the yifcw of the t Pre?fftfiat it is not"e^y ; to^discern"the coniBen
sating-advantage to the Russian Goverl^e^tyinlthe'e^
tourists and men of business whose character and position in life are such as
to, in most cases, afford a guarantee against any abuse of the hospitality of
Russia., and whose intelligence and steling moral qualities fit them' to be typi
cal representatives of our people and entitle them to win for themselves
abroad no less degree of esteem than they enjoy in their own land."" -
In no other country In the world is a class discrimination applied. to our
"That such discriminatory, treatment is naturally a matter of much con
cern to this Government is a proposition which his Excellency will , readily
comprehend without dissent.
The instructions sale/ among other things:
"You -aill make knewwn to his Excellency the views of this . Government
as to the expediency of putting an end to such discriminations between dif
ferent classes of American citizens on account of their religious faith when
seeking to avail themselves of the common privileges of civilized peoples to
\isit other friendly countries for business or travel. ¦'-. 'S'-'-
A few weeks iago the President again directed the Department of State
to present the matter most earnestly to the Russian Government, and in obe
dience to his directions forceful instructions were sent to the American Em
bassador in St. Petersburg to lay the matter immediately before Count Lams
dorff. ;/- * 1
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— The State Department received a cablegram
from the American embassy at St. Petersburg which warrants It in the as
sumption that the Russian Government will soon agree to recognize pass
ports, of American Jews traveling in Russia.
Harsh and oppressive discriminations against American Hebrews who
have visited Russia, or who have sought to, have furnished the basis for a
vast amount of diplomatic correspondence between Russia and the j United
States during: the past twenty years. Up to the present time the United
States has been unable to secure any alleviation of the rigorous measures to
which American Hebrew citizens were subjected when they desired to visit
the dominions of the Czar!
Count Lamsdorff Yields to. Reason
"CalifoMa Arrow"
Sails OH Into
¦ . Space. :*/'.
President Roosevelt Scores a Diplo
matic Triumph. •
BALDWIN
LOSES HIS
AIR CRAFT
Russia to Recognize
Passports of Jews
From This Country
... . ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 3, 2:30 a. m.-— That the fate ]of Port Arthur will be decided to-day is the opinion of the Russian
general staff. . It is believed that the assault on the fortress, now in^prpgress, was 1 so 'timed that the final attack would be made upon the
birthday of the Mikado. Should this last desperate onslaught fail, "Gibraltar of the Far East" will be regarded as impregnable;
but there is no disguising the feeling here that brave Stbessel ? s glorious defense is about to end in disaster. . : '¦
PORT ARTHUR'S FATE WILL BE DECIDED BY TO-DAYS BATTLE
THE WEATHER.
Forecast ta&da at Ban Fnncisco for
thirty hours en£!sr midnight. Novem
ber 8. 1904:
B*n Frandsea tad vicinity — Cloody
Tharsdav, probably rmln by night; light
northerly winda. changing to ' fresh
southeasterly. A. O. McAPTTi,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call. NEW TORK, Nov. 2.—^It wai announced to
day, that the National City Bank will, on Sat
urday/ ship " $2,000,000 In ' gold - coin - to Cuba.
It -Is - understood - a larger shipment will ; b*
made naxt week. - ¦ "... ]/
Troops , on Their Way Here.
r^MISSOULA',, Mont.; Nov. .2.— A
trainloa d of - troopV of jthe Twenty-first
, Infantry on their' way from Forts Lin
' coin' and CKeough to ; the i Presidio vat
San^Francisco . passed "through: here
/: last: ; night. ;:i It • is ; expected that : the
Vwhole '< regiment i will : ; leave about Jan
' uary lr for 'the Philippines. ;.;. :-v ;-.;¦..
Syndicate Secures Portland Theater.
PORTLAND, Nov. 2. — Cordray's
Theater.' in this city has been sold for
$50,000 to a syndicate headed by New
York and 'Seattle capitalists. The
theater : will be : turned into * a : vaude
ville house. to be operated in -connec
tion with a • chain ¦ of theaters being
built or secured. by the syndicate that
will extend across the country.
Independent Producers Incorporate.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 2. — The inde
pendent oil producers of California,
after -their meeting to-day, filed ar
ticles of , incorporation .with the
County Clerk. The contracts have
been signed by thirty-five Independent
companies, mostly operating at Kern
River, and. representing a monthly
production of more than 600,000 bar
rels.
Twenty Passengers In j ured.
LAWRENCE, Mass.. Nov. J. — A
message from North Andover says
that a special electric ' car, carrying
the Salem Witches and Danvers Jolly
Tars,', two campaign companies which
participated in a Republican parade
in this city last night, while running
at a high rate of speed was derailed
and overturned. Twenty persons are
reported injured.
Cats the Throat of- a Ranch Hand in
*" a Dixon Saloon, and Then
Gets' Avray.
SACRAMENTO, ; Nov. 2.-rCharles
i Hourigan, '. a. ranch -hand,, was mur
dered to-night in the town of Dixon,
. Solano County, by, an opium < fiend
named George Hanscom. ; Hourigan's
' throat was slashed from ear to • ear
with a- razor wielded by Hanscom.
Hourigan was sitting in a saloon when
Hanscom "entered; and without , any
warning walked up .to - Hourigan,
pulled out ¦ a = razor : and began cutting
his throat' Hourigan was unable to
¦; defend .himself and fell to'^ the floor,
.bleeding badly from his wounds. He
died soon after. " . ¦ . ¦ ~
. About' a week ; ago Hanscom and
Hourigan had some trouble in the
same saloon' and Hanscom \ was cut ' on
i the left .wrist. Hanscom was arrested
! and ordered *¦ to - leave town. I" He was
not seen again. in' Dlxon until to-night,
when \ he ¦ sought revenge on Hourigan
by taking ;hls ': life.'.: . After ' Hanscom
killed $ Hourigan v he t made J his ¦' escape.
It; Is: believed became to Sacramento
and; the -officers here are on the look
out for him.
SAYS ""SCORES OP; JEWS • .
WERE HURT IN RIOTS
German Correspondent Sends Details
r of Alleged Trouble in Russian
-Town.
BERLIN, Nov. : S.VThe > Tageblatt
publishes a letter from ; Mohlloff, . Rus
sia,' in which it Is stated that the riot-.
Ing there, Incident to , the mobilization
of the -reservists, . lasted ' two days-
October 23 and 24. As a result of the
attack "on the '_ Jewish quarter, the
Tageblatt's correspondent says, twen
ty Jews . are in hospitals and 100 are
lying "wounded In ':. their . homes. Two
Government i officials have been sent to
Mohlloff. to Investigate the affair.
OPIUM FIEND i; ESCAPES
AFTER COMMITTING MURDER.
of tha Board of Election Commissioners The
promoters of th« petition surely knew, or th«y
should have known, what the legal require
ments were, and It remained for the Board of
Election Commissioners but to follow the strict
lettar of tha law— which duty was performed.
In scores, of cases whors tha spalllna; of. U>«
namea' was in doubt, that doubt was alwwvn
resolved In faror of the petition. . *
i In view, .therefore, of the severe onslaught
made by certain clergymen of this city upon
the Board of Election Commissioners the mem
bers of which are good citlzeniand men of
family, the attention of. th« entire clerey' is
herein directed to this matter and the earnest
request la made that - In the , full spirit of
fairness that muet actuate every teacher 'of
the gospel the. ministry. do thla commission the
Justice to Inspect the public records of this
department and examine the methods employed
therein, to the end that the truth may be
definitely ascertained . to * the • satisfaction ot
your respected body, and the public at large
, . A. CASE SUPPOSED. - ,
Had the petition ; been for a lower -" instead
of a higher liquor llcenae surely the gentle
men of the cloth would have wished to see
every signed name fairly passed upon, as was
the case In the matter of the petition in ques
tion. The • Board of Election . Commissioners
cares little for a braying press, but deplores
the fact that frenzied editors, themselves
overwhelmed -by a lifetime • spent In sin ' and
blackmail, . can enlist : the^ sacred functions of
the ministry in their - unholy, unchaste politi
cal warfare. . -¦-. ¦
Th« i commission presents i these . views ¦ • in
all sincerity , arid entire good, faith,, expecting
that when Justice It finally dnne the good men
of the cloth ' In San. Francisco, particularly
those who have yielded to ; first impulse and
unwarrantedly denounced . this ; department •
will '¦ cheerfully proclaim their ¦ error, - even as
they have heralded - the : misconceived offenses
of public f nrrnnts Tmismn8B Brm ' m TElilUlJatU
• Regarding the 240 vacancies that "still
exist inv. the .list of ..election- offices, to
serve on Tuesday ; next, ¦', the election
committee voted last night ; to draw
600 names , of i qualified "- citizens ) from
the great register. : After ; examining
the individuals .thus;, summoned ?:; the
commission decided i to , compel "them ' to
perform their civic duty and: thus com
plete ' the • complement of 1 election 7 offl-i
cers. The board -.will meet - again * at 4
o'clock this; afternoon- . : . T ?_ .^l'-- v*'-
Sues Newspaper Editor for Libel.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 1. — City Trus
tee Robert Callahan brought suit this
afternoon against Alfred Holman,' ed
itor and publisher of the Sacramento
Record-Union, for 120,000 damages,
$100 counsel fees and $5000 exemplary
damages and costs of suit for alleged
libel. Callahan's suit ii . based upon
the publication of a news article and
editorial in the Record-Union of Octo
ber 8 relating to an attempt to* have
the work of strengthening the Y street
levee done by day work Instead of
contract.
Minister Takahlra Improving.
NEW YORK, Nov.' 2.— Dr. William
T. Bull, after a visit to Japanese Min
ister . Takahlra's bedside at 8 o'clock
to-night, announced that Takahlra
was better than at any time since the
operation and had rested well through
the day. •• '-'~, -¦¦ - .
Andrew and Louis Walker, Fruit
Growers Near Newcastle, May ?
V;— Both Lose Their Eyesight.
p SACB/MENTO; Nov. 2.— Andrew
Walker and Louis Walker, brothers,
fruit growers near Newcastle, are in.
a" hospital here suffering from injuries
! from an explosion of dynamite this
morning, which may cause both to
lose their eyesight. Louis has both,
eyes entirely destroyed and Andrew
loses one eye, but may be able to re
cover partial sight with, the other eye.
They were painfully lacerated about
the face and upper part of the body
by the explosion. The men were en
gaged In blasting stumps from . their
orchard. A charge failed to go off
and . when they approached \ to set a
new. fuse the powder exploded with
terrific force, almost killing both men.
EXPLOSION OF DYNAMITE
BADLY INJURES BROTHERS
Fierce Fight Takes Place on Steps • of
Massachusetts Institute of -f
i Technolojry^
BOSTON, Nov. . 3. — At least twenty
five : persons were injured during a
clash between students of the Massa
chusetts Institute of Technology and
police reserves shortly after midnight.
Of the number twenty are students.
Most of the injuries consist of scalp
wounds and body bruises. -Four stu
dents and four officers were so seri
ously injured 'as to necessitate their
removal to hospitals. -Others were
treated at - near by drug stores and
private residence's. Those sent to hos
pitals were:.' Students Herbert O.
Spear, Frederick Backman, Victor
Gebnor, • H. C. Hlggins ; Policemen' B.
R. Olds. William A. Donahue, F. G.
*Rlch, C. B. Kelley.-
Many others, whose wounds were
dressed on the spot, left for their
homes without giving their names.
The ' trouble occurred on. the steps
of Rogers Hall, one of the Technology
buildings, on Boyleston street, where
the students -had gathered, following
the parade of the Republican clubs of
Harvard University and the Institute
of Technology. The police had deter
mined to | keep the students | from the
steps ; of the building and- when the
college men made a rush up the steps
they were met by the officers with
drawn clubs and a fierce^flght ensued.
The officers used their clubs freely
and soon many of the college men
were bleeding from wounds on ¦ the
face and head.' Hundreds of students
hurried to the support -of their fel
lows, and the police summoned assist
ance, .with the result that soon 160 po
licemen were engaged with four, times
as many students. It was half an hour
before 'the police were masters of the
situation: - - .
CODY, Wyo., Nov. 2.— Several bat
tles have been fought between the
posse and the outlaws who attempted
to rob the First National Bank of
Cody yesterday afternoon and who
murdered the cashier. The bandits are
still at large, although their capture
or death Is but a matter of ayfew
hours. ;>*•:
At dawn to-day the officers came
upon the bandits in camp on tha Gray
Bull, River^ sixty-five miles from the
scene of last evening's battle. The
robbers refused to surrender and put
up a hard fight. The horse of one of
the officers was killed and some of the
men had narrow escapes. The robbers
succeeded in. getting away. The posse
followed slowly.
The outlaws were again overtaken
on Enos Creek, thirty miles from
Meeteetee and eighty miles Jrom Cody,
and another fight occurred.. One of
the bandits was wounded in the thigh,
but his companions hoisted him into
his saddle and after a running fight
for ¦ four miles the outlaws again , got
away. *
A courier came in to-night* with the
news that. the murderers had been sur
rounded : in a forest on Cottonwood
Creek and that their capture is likely
to occur at any time. The outlaws had
been called upon to surrender, . but re
fused to come forth."
The timber will be closely, guarded
during the night. and the outlaws, will
probably be taken or killed by morn
ing.; If captured they will be. taken to
Cody and a lynching may result.
Colonel Cody arrived at Cody this
evening with his Indian trailers, scouts
and cowboys, • accompanied by a < party
of English noblemen and New York
clubmen. Cody will take ' the trail of
the outlaws at once. • His guests have
been invited to accompany, him • and
some -of the 'younger men of the party
will ; accept. ,
SCORE j IXJURED IX BATTLE
! '' OF STUDENTS AND' POLICE
Several Fierce Encounters
With Bandits, Who Tried
to Kob the Bank at Cody,
: Take Place -in; Wyoming
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— Charcoal tablets,
without doubter the same manufacture
as >; those Vused in the burning of the
Hegewisch plant, of the Chicago ; Car
and Locomotive ' Works, it is declared
under oath were found to-night, hidden
In the basement of the building adjoin
ing the livery; of Martin Farrell,-- where
Isaac N.'Ferry, the, banker;, accused of.
intentionally, burning the Hegewlsoh
plant, has stabled his horses for twenty
yearB. .'..'¦
With the affidavit of Liveryman Far
rell, the evidence presented by the man
ufacturers of the charcoal tablets and
the statement of the stablemen em
ployed in xhe livery, Fire Department
Attorney Thomas J. Johnson declares
that he Is not only prepared to prove
that Banker Perry secured the charcoal
tablets from Farrell's barn, but that he
knows where the slow time fuses used
In setting the fire came from.
The Board of Election Commission
ers met last night One ef the first
matters brought up was the high
liquor license petition presented by the
Civic Council and to the criticl&ro; made
in -regard to. the action, of this board
by the clergy of this city. It was de
cided to send the following communi
cation to ; the Reverends A- C. Bane,
John A. B. Wilson and th« ministry
of this city. Following is a copy of
the communication, which was signed
¦by all the members of the board:
Reverend Sirs— It having come to the «»<Ht c «
of 'the Board of Election Commissioners that
several ministers of the gospel to San Fran
cisco • have recently given utterance to de
nunciations calculated, to bring odium- upon
this department, and discredit upon- the pres
ent administration, a. protest U herewith re
spectfully directed to the local clergy -in its
The members' of the Board of Election Com
missioners, bitterly assailed as they have bev-n
by men of- your bory calling, are reluctant
Indeed to btlleve tfcat any minister of " the
gospel would knowingly, lend .himself to the
furtherance* of any plan conceived by dis
gruntled politicians to 'wreak vengeance upon
public fcervants who are honestly striving to
do their full duty. It is" equally difficult for
the Board of Election Commissioners to con
ceive at *ny churchman, honored and respected
as the leader of a flock and an expounder of
the truth, permitting- a hypocritical press to
strike at innocent dtlxens through the agency
of' the pulpit. With these strong convections
uppermost in their minds, the members of the
Board of Election- Commissioners herewith pre
sent themselves for your most solemn consid
eration as citisens who deserve to have their
statements heard before they- are wrongly
Judged, severely scored by the ministry and
published from the pulpit as being unworthy
of publJc confidence. ' • . • '
The most diligent inquiry on- the part of
the Election Commissioners falls, to disclose
that' those gentlemen of the cloth who are
publicly denouncing this. department 1 .i*ave felt
it Incumbent upon them to- make the -slightest
personal Investigation of actual conditions and
facts - before proclaiming to their congrega
tions that the Board of Election Commission-,
ers is an unworthy body. It Is therefore
deemed fitting that this remonstrance should
be prefaced with the declaration that the
Boaid of Election Commissioners has not
knowingly committed any -breach o* the law
whatsoever, -and is entirely Innocfcnt of the
copious political charges that have been
launched through the church in this. city. :
FAVOR HIGH LICENSE.
In the matter of the high liquor license
petition. • every member of the Board of Elec
tion .Commissioners happens to personally
favor a license higher ' than that now exist'
Ing. one Commissioner even advocating a'
higher figure than that recently suggested by
petition.. This liquor license petition was
decided strictly upon its merits. Its contents
were carefully canvassed and counter checked
.by a -corps of sworn and capable deputies, at
'least one of whortl uui "lathered a portion of
the petition In question. The Board of Election
Commissioners is happy to state that' it re
poaes. the- highest confidence in the Integrity
and ability -of Its secretary, the Registrar of
Voters, and In every ¦ clerk attached to this,
department, and the Intimation given out that
a single name, or any number of names In tha
high Jicense petition received : anything .- but
the fairest and most honest consideration -li
unwarranted- and .visits a most serious ln-
Juirtlce upon Innocent men.
For categorical- Information this commission,
respectfully represents : • ¦ • , -
(1) That the. original petition has not been
deotroyed as charged, but is yet on official file.
(2) That no person has ever been denied ac
cess to It, at a reasonable time, nor has any
person or element been favored in Its •Inspection.
(3) That the course' of verification .of signa
tures In the case of this petition; . was not an
unusual or exceptional proceeding, but a duty
enjoined on the Election Commissioners, and
had been pursued in the case of every peti
tion ever submitted' to this board.- whether
for the submission of ordinances or for ; the
nomination of candidates.
. ' (1) Not a single name of the many obviously
forged signatures, nor a single on* of those
claimed to be forged were subtracted from the
total number of names signed In ascertaining
the number of valid signatures of qualified
voters. " N ..•-¦¦-. ' • : ;
(3} Not a single name of the hundreds or
thousands petitioning for a withdrawal of th'etr
signatures from the high license petition . was
considered or deducted. ¦ >i aKa!3*****rW!fc)tl
(6) The .only deductions mad* were those
of signers who were found to be not regis
tered, or. who could not be locates.- • In ac
cordance with the usual custom three deputies
examined and checked each signature, «o that
the possibility of a mistake might be reduced
to a minimum. : Owing to the illegibility of
some of the "signatures'" occasional mistakes
may have occurred, but they -art very tew and
very far betw*een,^as a reinspectlcn of the pe
tition by the board and others -has disclosed. '
NOT, ENOUGH NAMES.
The ¦ petition ¦ on ' verification was : . found to
have -only. 6837.. properly authenticated signa
tures of registered voters, or 2017 lees than th«
number required by law, and ¦ was therefore,
perforce; rejected. IWHili \ T >WWti1ll||Wti W* '">!
We now respectfully Invite v you - to confirm
these statements, and thereupon to ¦ make Jus
tification for us, as some of you have already
dona, i |*|ll»il||Ti \tiM IIJIIW WM lUMHW'llltfciM ¦¦
; The fact that many tliniatures attached to the
petition were disqualified tinder the - law ; can
sot, a« j;ou know/ Ju»Uy b« laid at the door
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLON, Sot. 2. — Preparations ax* «n foot
throughout »h« Jsthmua. to celebrate the first
anniversary of the republic of Panama. • Th«
festivities wUl last tbre* days, beeiaalar to
morrow. . * - H3ffL2ljBtoRUi
Election Commissioners Ex
plain Action in Eejecting
Liquor License Petition
Charcoal . Tablets Found,
With Which Banker' Is Ac
cused of Burning Car Plant
"headway against . the breeze that had
blown it ' out of : its . course. ' and it
looked as though the long-distance
test would be made.
- Just before* the Arrow arrived at a
position over the concourse the motor
was seen to hesitate. Three or four
wavering revolutions followed and
then the silver-colored blades hung
motionless, .while the airship was
again grasped by the breeze and hur
ried back over the distance it had iron
in its duel with the wind. , ..
Knabenshue, undaunted by the sec*
ond break-down, hung far out over
the side of the aerial vessel and waved
his cap toward the hundreds of
persons thronging the aeronautic con
course. ¦ s . -.'¦¦-•
Higher and higher floated the air
ship, tha, breeze, which was blowing
at the rate of about five miles an
hour from the southeast, eagerly tak
ing hold of the helpless craft and
wafting it slowly -away from the sight
of those anxiously following its course,
1500 or 2000 feet below.
The atmosphere had been very heavy
all the afternoon, and it did not take
long before the California Arrow was
a tiny cigar-shaped object, almost ob
scured from view. As long as it could
be discerned, however, the crowd
watched its every movement, and sev
eral hundred persona remained at
the concourse until word had been re
ceived from Knabenshue that he had
alighted safely and that neither he
nor the Arrow had been injured be
yond the minor accident to the ma
chinery of the latter.
As the vessel -was near the con
course Captain Baldwin decided that
it would entail too great a loss of
time to deflate the bag and carry the
Arrow back to the World's Fair
grounds. Volunteers -were numerous
and Baldwin's plan of carrying the
Arrow back to the concourse by hand
was agreed to, and. with relays pf
bearers, the march was begun.
Knabenshue said to-night that he
had remained in. the air, although
drifting, as he could see the automo
bile following far behind.
"The only; trouble,'' he. said, "was
that the exhaust cap blew off. I lost
the cap twice and each time the mo
tor stopped dead and I was at the
mercy of the wind, which, fortunately,
was not very brisk." .
OUTLAWS
AND POSSE
IN BATTLE
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
Harrinum Buys Another • RaOroad.
PORTLAND, Nor. Z* — It is asserted
In railroad - circles here that E. H.
Harriman has purchased the Columbia
Southern Railroad, running from The
Dalles to Shaniko, a distance of sev
enty miles. The price paid is said to
be $1,400,000.
MOKE EVIDENCE
AGAINST PERRY
SAYS CRITICISM
DID INJUSTICE
BALDWIN LOSES AIRSHIP.
Russia to Ignore Japan's Protest.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 2.— Russia
probably will decide to ignore the
Japanese protest regarding Russian
troops wearing. Chinese clothing, as
Japan did In the case of the Russian
protest in regard to the Russian tor
pedo-boat destroyer Ryeshitelni, cut
out of Chefu harbor by the Japanese.
Zllinsky to Be Promoted.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov.; 2.— It is
reported that General Zilinsky, Vice
roy Alexieff's chief of staff, r will be
come chief of the general staff, suc
ceeding General Sakharoff, the pres
ent Minister of War, who was chief of
staff under General Kuropatkln, and
whose place "has been only provisional^
ly filled by General Proloff since. Sak
haronTs promotion.
Instructions Said to Have Been Given
T:- .; English Squadron.
LONDON. Nov. 3. —It is an
nounced from Gibraltar that the ex
periment In land and sea mobilization
is now concluded. According to a
story published in the Chronicle, this
alarming .experiment was the outcome
of new ideas which Admiral Sir John
Fisher has taken ' to the admiralty.
His contention is that the vessels In
time of peace are much less valuable
than when war is-iii the air. Accord
ingly, the Chronicle .says, he seized
upon the incidents of Tuesday as an
opportunity, to test the nerves as well
as the skill and efficiency of. the
forces. • .i
It is reported that the Channel,
Mediterranean and East Indian squad
rons have received instructions to
shadow Admiral Rojestvensky's fleet
throughout its progress. Admiral Ro-
Jestvensky is expected to arrive , at
TO SHADOW BALTIC FLEET.
1ILLJL. England, Nov. .2. — "That
George; Henry Smith and William
LtfsretX were, at about 12:30 «-- nv. on
October %2, while out fishing with
trawlers aboard the British .steam
trawler Craue.. with . Board of Trade
marks exhibited and regulation' lights
burning, killed by shots flred without
varnijig or provocation • from certain
Jiussi^n war vessels, at a- distance • of
about ¦ quarter of -a mile."
.This is. the. text of the jury's* verdict
a: the Coroner's inquest on the fisher
men victims of the- North Sea trag
edy. At the request of the British
.Government,. -represented by the Earl
of Dysart, .Secretary of the Treasury,
this, award v.as rendered by the llrst
court of" inquiry preceding the ses
sions of the international tribunal.
The Government asked the Jury not
to nnd.$i -verdict of willful murder or
manslaughter- because "d.elicate nego
tiations are going on which should not
be made niure difficult and it is not
desired .to let any one know they had
).' re- ju diced the etise before having
hear<j both sides."
COIKT ADDS A WOKD
' In consequence the jury set forth
the facts' proved by ' the evidence of
physician's, experts on explosives a.nd
the tratvJerg themselves. To the-ver
d.ict the Judge added the following
o'rder: •" • ; : * ' - "
. "On • this " occasion, probably the
rhott -momentous in the annals of the
British empire, the -jury would record
their appreciation of the efforts made
"by the Governments interested to ar-
rive at a satisfactory conclusion of the
matter, which, we fear, has no par
allel fii the history of the world."
Sf. George's Hall, a large auditorium,
¦which has, been especially fitted" up for
the- occasion, was quite inadequate to
ti'?ommodate the crowd that wished to
J:Ftfn to. ihe evidence. The interest wan
ii.ttnse £i d ther* was some excitement,
but no dmicnstration occurred.' A great
nurub.i « i j.t-opie gathered in the vicin
ity .^.f the Juilding to await the verdict,
till iht epspt inside the hall was illk.d:
TIt? iir-itish Government, the fioard of
Trade, the 'owners of the Gineeoek
fleei i.nd the relatives of th? Jeceasod
and wounded fishermen 'we're represent
ed by counsel, but the Russian <Joyern-
Dient di-i not participate. " . •-..--'
THOUGHT IT A SHAH FIGHT.
The proceedings occupied only about
three hours. The testimony consisted
of. medical evidence^ by which it was
proved that the death of Smith a^d
Leggett was the result of shell and. ma~
chine gun wounds; then an expert iden
tified fragments of. shells ' by private
marks, which he said were undoubt
edly Russian, and - the captains and
mate* of the trawlers told their stories.
These latter related that, while they
were engaged in their regular work the
£hips of. the Baltic fleet, in two squad
rons, emerged suddenly from the haze
and throwing the glare of their search
lights on the Gamecock • fleet without
warning and disregarding flare green
lights, the fishermen's signals, and
though then .within actual speaking
distance of one vessel commenced a
cannonade, which the fishermen at first,
not realizing the danger, enjoyed;
thinking it was a sham flght. The fir
ing lasted a half-hour. .
SAW- NO TORPEDO-BOATS.
To each of these witnesses was put
the vitaT .question regarding tb.e pres
ence of a foreign .vessel or torpedo
boat. Each with equal pdsltiveness de
clared that at neither time, preceding
cr' following the .firing, was any Japa
nese or -any foreign vessel seen4>y them
cr the accompanying fishing fleet, j It
was also stated that there were no
Japanese among the crews and that
none of the trawlers carried a-rma of
any kind. One of the skippers, replying
to a question by the Coroner, said that
curing the five weeks he was in the
North Sea he had" not seen .any war
ships until that night. .
ThKteiosed the evidence. Counsel for.
¦ . - . . . an*
the treasury then made the suggestion
with regard to the nature of the ver
dict, with which the Coroner agreed,
and without delay it was so returned,*
with an added expression of sympathy
for the relatives and friends of the dead
and injured and of appreciation of the
"calm and courageous manner in which
the fishing fleet remained at its duties
after the terrible experience." ¦
Tangier this morning. A British man
of-war at Malta is busily coaling, pre
paring to watch the Baltic squadron. .
The Daily Mall, in a letter from
Hakodate, describes Japanese schoon
ers as returning with valuable car
goes of furs, the result of raiding the
Russian fishing station at Kamchatka,
Commander and .other, island . rook-,
eries. There was fierce fighting with
the Russians and many were killed on
both sides. In one case, after a fight
lasting three days, the : Russians cap
tured three Japanese vessels, killing
half their crews, and . taking the re
mainder prisoners.
Japanese Retake
the Village of
Sandiapu.
ST. PETERSBURG^ *Nov., 3, 2:40
p. m.- — There *'. is -'much ' . anxiety ¦:. here
over the military "situation. Little
news has~ been- received from "Muk
den, General Sakharoff's . telegram .of
November 1 merely .indicating that
matters 1 were at deadlock
Shakhe. , The : Japanese ' have § made
spme tentative ; moves '.on both flanks,
which were. checked,"- but there are no
signs of : a- general !;advance' by their
army. '¦ ; '-• ; , >'¦ ;'¦.,«* • . . ¦
General . Sakhiiroff.' telegraphs that I
the Japanese have re'occupied the vil
lage of Sandiapu,. near the Hun River,
in front of the Russinn right flank.'
TOKIO/N9V. 2.— Manchurian head
quarters, ¦ in a report: dated November
.1, says: ' \ ....,-¦.. - .. - - ----- . v - ¦-. j
"On the afternoon of October 80, in
front: of. th« left ; detachments of the
left army, a force of the enemy con
sisting of a regiment of infantry, three
regiments of ¦ cavalry and two battal
ions of -artillery advanced from Liita
wentun, Hansantai and. the northward.
Our detachment, after a hard fight,
succeeded in repulsing the enemy. Our
detachment. sustained only slight loss,
while the enemy's cavalry lost heavily.
Fifty of the Russians lost their horses. ,
The Russian cavalry retreated in : all
directions • and .in disorder, leaving
thirteen dead. The left column' of
the left army on : the night of Octo
ber 30, seized and burned a village
about 400 yards northwest. of Cheng
llenpao." • ' . v /' . ' , .s,
GENERAL. OKU'S . HEADQUAR- ;
TERS, Tuesday,. Nov. 1.— There is little .
change in the positions of the Japanese j
and Russian armies. On Sunday last ;
detachments composed: of Russian in
fan try .and Don Cossacka attacked., the ;
Japanese cavalry on"; the .extremes left, [
along the Hun River, -but were driven!
back, leaving twenty dead soldiers and j
thirty horses. This Is the first time that j
the Cossacks of the"' I>dn "have taken 1
part in the operations. ' . -
"The Japanese line : now follows : the
bank of the Shakhe River except on the
extreme left, where -it '..crosses that
¦river. ¦ • '-, :1 - ' ''• '¦- '•¦ '"¦
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEADQUAR
TERS, IN THE FIELJV Nov. 2.-r
Whenever a Russian or a Japanese ex
poses hla head he draws the fire of an
opponent. The / constant exchange of
shots between the ' outposts continues
dally. The Russian casualties from
sniping are large. The Chinese are busy
carting in grain along and between the
lines- of- both armies,'- and' are almost
Indifferent to the shooting.': T:' ¦
ARMIES REMAIN IN
DEADLOCK ON
THE SHAKHE.
HULL INQUEST ENDS
WITH CAUTIOUS
VERDICT.
Witnesses Tell
. of North Sea
Attack.
DEWEY MAY SERVE AS A JURIST
TXTASHINGTON, Nw. 2.— No formal request has yet
.YV come, from, the .British Government for an American
;- - " ¦ naval officer to^sefve on the commission which will
inqmfeanto-tlie'l^ortti^ei^incident, but it is known that there
is a strong tendency: iri : Eonilon to have an American naval of
ficer on the : 'commission:^ Speculation is rife as to whether 'Ad
miral Dewey. would "servi.;.; It is understood that Russia and
England, each -will have a representative of its own Govern
ment, that these two will eac-h select a neutral representative
anid that the four thus chosen will select the fifth member.
ENGLISH FISHERMEN DENY ALL
STATEMENTS OF SLAV ADMIRAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO^GALU THURSDAY,.; NOVEMBER 3, 1904.
. BKLLINGHAM, Wuh. 1 ; . Nov. 1 2. — The Bteam-
I ehlp i Calif ornlan ' sailed , last ' evening ¦ for; New
¦ York, ¦. via" Ban Francisco, • with ; canned salmon
tnd» general etna. ,.'j -. . ...
2
. ¦« . To Cure a Cold in : : One Day
Take Laxative ¦ Bromo Quinine Tablets. Al
druggists refund tha monejr.lf.lt falls to cure
E. T W. I Grove's signature ia on each box." 20a
AD \" I£RT1SKMKXTS»
THE VALUE OF CJULAIICOAL.
Veve People Know How Useful* It Is In
Preserving Health and "Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that •char-
coal Is the safest .and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier In 'nature, but
lew realize its value when taken Into
the human system for' the same clea"ns-
hig purpose. • .
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it ia not a
drug at all, but simply, absorbs the.
rases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and. carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking" or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
tc< ih and further acts* as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh. , , *
Ail druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
i>« in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges;. they
are composed of the finest powdered
v.illow charcoal and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather In
the form of large, pleajsant tasting
lozenges, the charcoal being mixed
with honey. '
The daUy use" of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter • breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, but on the contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician. In speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients* suffering from gas In stomach
and bowels, and to clear the com-
plexion and purify the breath,- mouth
nnd throat; I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the dally use of
th*m; they cost but twenty-five cents
n box at drug stores, and, although
Ir. nome tense a patent preparation, yet
J believe I get more and better char-
coal in Stuart's • Charcoal ; Lozenges
thr»n in an- of the ordinary charcoal
£g°t)lct2." feBs96S&Eiii££
FREE ; FREE . FREE
, : WITH-
sunday call
want; ads;
;f ;:; A .Full-sized -Package of '
"'"'•¦ ' ¦''-¦'¦¦'•"* ALLEN'S ; -¦
BOSTON BROWN BREAD
¦.^.:. :--. = FLOUR.
,) Simple* to > Prepare.
-¦•• ;"¦£ ;.[•• Delicious 'in Flavor.
•A New England Breakfast.
. 'Free With Every: SmaL Ad -
in SUNDAY: CALL.
See i Small "Ad Page for. Further
: Particulars^ J.-j *: ;
. * ' ADVERTISEtCEyTS.
There is only One (^^^
Genuine-SyrUp of PlgS, \ ¥^F i
The Genuine is Manufactured by the '->^?lfeS^^|
California Fig Syrup Co.
The full name of the company, California Rlgf Syrup Co, W'^t^^^SL^^M^S
(s printed on the front of every pnekage of the genuine. F'^'k^f^^^^^^^
The Genuine^ Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original ffe|%^^^
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere K^fe^ :^^
' Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the Iraucfulent imka- rSSi'^^SSm^M
tions made by piratical concerns and somrtrmts offered by unreliable k&^kS^j^
dealers. ' The imitations arc known to act injuriously and should
Buy the genuine always 5 you wish to get its bcnefidaJ effects. i^!r^JIM fill
It cleanses the system gentry yet effectually, dispels colds and h**A*rl,^ %?^^"Slf :
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the \?i/^l§ I *H
I kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed ti^? f §il$ iH
by men, women or children. Marry millions know of its beneficial J&ji W&S&Viil
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It b the /Mtt i^l^^ 9
IUvfcvHfc, Kjc S^Rindac^Cal RcfftoA.
-yu- ¦•¦-¦ -;- ; ;¦¦'..¦ .-•¦.. \^^iy- WE rvir C!HU ffltCOTRl :•¦'..''•*¦ *i l> t**i?.?i s - < ?^
\ AT OUT PBXOB8 1
II I have no competitors In this boat- I
il nasa, so far as high quality of work. 1
' II compared wltb prioa. la eonorrnad. li
If Order now and you'll coatinu* to If
[k order in future. Her* ax* * t«w *|
Tk of my figures: ~- *f
M Developing; — Ron of 9, 10c; roll ef 41
II 13. ISc. Printing— Solfo finish. 3o to f I .
If 5e: Velox flnlsh, 8c to He. 11
11 USE DAYLIGHT 1>O.VDIXO FILM3. 1 1
I I sell them at .popular uiloca. 1 J
I. Buy an ANBCO CAMERA. Tn* I
II Ansco la one of the beat of modern II '
II cameras; SZ.OO up, - • - 'A -
If CTKO PHOTO PAPER rlras excel- 11
Iff lent results; none> better: pop. prices. ' II.
'if Try a CONKLtN SEtJF-FrLLIXO ¦
A, PEN: does not sweat nor drip; sav** m
¦ tha fingers from smearlna;; ftp.OO up. A
. B Main Orders Promptly Filled. . ¦
ft THAT MAN PXTTS (|
.1 ' F. w - PITT3, Tns Stationer, ft .
4l 1OOS Market St.. Abov« PowaU. ly
II ; SAN FRANCISCO. . ' C fM
Finding Pearls
Is rather dlfllcult in America and almost
Its eqnal Is the finding of pearly white-
ness in linen sent home from the ordi-
nary laundry. V
The United States • Is not an ordinary
laundry — It's an extraordinary one and
that "extra" is applicable to the quality
of work and cleanliness of every article
we send oat.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MAHJCET STXEST.
• Telephon* South 430. ¦
(fvrtif DR. JORDAN'S <mut4
(HUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
A C% 1331 XA2XZT 8t. tot. t \ JCi , t.J.UL 6
\ Tkm L«rwiAilwinl Ummmm to tlK \
6 flgEJ J CR. JaROAM-OISEASES OF MM 4
\ M 63*53 Con«lutlo« fre» mi ftrictlT print.. \
0 I >#>t B Tr««an«t pcnoull* cr b» )«tsr. A A
\| f 'S ¦ ***—• tW.lnir«.yeM«a»J.rt»i.eii. 7
dt HO • w »*t« for Foot. PliiLiiiaraT «f A ¦
V* r« H.maiAaB, maiuw mi. Uf
A fl ir »«iu»bl« b»ok for mrt) \
V Da<«BDA!l A CO.. 10(1 M»rk«t 8t.8. r. Y
CARTERS! c -^ sick headaICHE-^.
ISiiTTLE Genuine Must Bear
1 LY^B ¦ Fac-Simile Signature
¦ PILLS. j^* - . • m ¦¦¦-•OPENING J OF ' POST : STREET.-^-CUy > En
gineer. Wood ward filed a report. with; the Board
of. Works: yesterday 1 advising against the open
ing I of : Post I street I from I Central | to | First ' a ve
nues, as being undesirable at the present time.
HELSINGFORS, ! Nov. . # 2. >- 'The
Finnish ; elections ; for .Clericals,, one
of the four chambers of the Diet., have
resulted .In a surprise. :' showing an
equal , I division >. of .- the ?.. adherents ; ' of
what are known as the constitutional
and old Finnish < parties. ,5. The ) latter
are . supporters ' of : the " Russian regime;
Finns Support Russian Regime.
Erstwhile Head Tof the , Grand Rapids
Municipality Defends His
Course. "
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Nov. . 2.—
At the bribery trial of ex-Mayor Perry
to-day L. K. Salsbury, ex-City' At
torney and principal witness : for/the
prosecution in the water deal ¦ trials,
testified that Perry had said in his
hearing a number of times: .
"When men come here to buy city
officials we are justified in taking their
money.".: '.¦.'; \
set for. yesterday in Judge Coffey's
court, subject to a possible postpone
ment of the Dolbeer case. Mrs. Mon
nler and : her attorney, George D: Col
lins, were present, and so were young
Monnler and his -lawyers. Matt Sulli
van : and Theodore ' J. . Roche. > When
Judge, Coffey , overruled . a / motion for
continuance , of the Dolbeer case ";Mr.
Collins | asked him If the Monnler con
test would, be retained on the calendar.
The ; court replied, \ "1 .have' said nothing
about that," whereupon I the attorneys
went 1 to , Judge Graham '.to ask " If he
would. try the case In v hls department.
Receiving " a > favorable", asswer, they
made a stipulation f or I the \ transfer ; of
the . action s and I will ! so = move* in? Judge
Coffey's % department 7 to-day/r 4 If & the
motion Is - granted \ the ¦ flght s for; a half
of .the $150,000 . fortune lef t ¦ by the ; wine
merchant .will be before the
Dolbeer case : nears its; finish; ' .
FORMER MAYOR DEEMED
GRAFTING LEGITIMATE
MartJn-Pbipps Wedding.
LONTXDX. Nov.* 2. — Helen Phlpps,
daughter of Henry Phlpps of Pitts
burg and New York, and Bradley
Martin Jr. were married to-day at
KiJtarlity .Parish Church, Inverness-
Bhire. Scotland, by the Archdeacon of
London, Dr. Sinclair.
RETURNS PROTESTED TAXES.— City
Treasurer Mcl>our«ld yesterday paid back to
various claimant* the rum of $S7.602 €5 as pro
tested taxes fcr schools and hospitals, which
was declared Illegal by the Supreme Court.
NEW , ULM, Minn., Nov. 2. — Dr. . L.
A. Gebhard, a dentist, was found mur
dered <; In his office . here to-day. The
crime Is a mysterious one, aa no mo
tiye has been discovered.
- The chance visitor who called on
the dentist found the room in con
fusion, showing, evidences of a life
and death struggle. . Blood was spat
tered on- the walls and the" furniture
overturned. : The - man's , face " was
gashed In many places and a blood
stained ; knife and hammer. were found
near'the body. , '
Appearance of Room Indicates • Des
perate StrucKle With Unknown
Murderer. ,
DENTIST MYSTERIOUSLY %
' SLAIN' IX HIS OFFICE
TYPOGRAPHICAL. tJNION
IS. FOR EIGHT-HOUR DAY
The most Important proposition
voted on was- that establishing an
eight-hour day, beginning January 1,
1306; and ordering an assessment for
that purpose. ' It will be contested by
the United". Typothetae. The count
will be completed to-morrow.
.INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Nov. 2.— At
the headquarters of the International
Typographical Union it was an
nounced to-day that the referendum
has proceeded far enough to Indicate
that all of- the six propositions voted
for are carried except that one in-'
creasing the salaries of the president
and secretary.
STerr Role Jest Passed Will Go Into
Effect In Little Over
.a Year.
BOSTON. Nov. 2.— With perfect
weather and sea. conditions, the arm
ored cruiser West Virginia to-day, went
over the Cape Ann course for her offi
cial four-hour speed trial and devel
oped an average speed of 22.14 knots
an . hour. The contract with the
United States Government called for
a sustained average , speed for four
hours of 22 knots per hour.
The port engine could not reach the
highest speed attained by the star
board engine and this , affected in a
considerable degree the average.
New Warsliip Maintains an Average
of 22.14 Knots an Hoar In
Her Trial Trip.
CRUISER WEST VIRGINIA
EXCEEDS CONTRACT SPEED
The gondola is doomed. The mu
nicipality of, Venice has resolved to
purchase electric motor boats. Jra|
The injured: Martin V. Peeples, both
legs broken: Walter Peeples, injury to
back; Gilley Jordan, slightly bruised.
These are at the hospital. .
D. L.- Payne, a traveling man, of
Greenboro, was badly hurt, but may
recover, though his condition prevented
his removal to the hospital.
The north side of the reservoir, which
j is thirty feet high, tumbled over, fall
j ing upon the home and barn of Martin
Peeples. There were about 800.000 gal
lons of water In the reservoir, and- the
stream rushed northeast to the South
ern Railway cut and thence to Belos
Pound, a distance of half a mile. Four
tenement houses were washed several
hundred yards r~.d many of the occu
pants drowned.
The reservoir was situated about five
blocks from 'the center of the business
dl-trlct of the city and was surrounded
by a number of residences and several
small stores. It Is understood that the
structure had been condemned, but the
city authorities had failed to remove it.
CAROLINE MARTIN, a negress
CHARLOTTE, N. C. Nov. 2.— A res
ervoir of the municipal waterworks,
located near the center of Winston-
Salem, N. C, broke at 5 o'clock this
morning, causing the loss of nine lives
and the Injury of four or five persons.
The dead: " :
'MRS. MARTIN PEEPLES.
MRS. VOGLER.
MRS. JOHN POE AND 12-YEAR
OLD DAUGHTER. - ¦'--. :¦¦ ,: ¦:
MRS. SOUTHERN.
JOHN SOUTHERN.
MISS OCTAVIA BAILEY, aged 20.
LUCILLE MAONE. a negress.
Most* of the persons injured were
caught by falling ceilings and walls in
the houses near ; by. Stoves in stores
and dwellings were overturned and
many fires were started, but in each
case the flames were quickly extin
guished. The whole police force and the
fire department were called out.
Chief of Police Foley at once arrest
ed. William F. Ryan, foreman' of the
gang of workmen employed on the
blasting operations, and many ¦ wit
nesses are now held while an investiga
tion is being made into the cause of the
explosion.
The dynamite was owned by the
Egly-Bunty Construction Company,
.which is doing the blasting for the rail-:
road company preparatory ? to i the es
tablishment of the four-track system. ;
Those supposed to be fatally injured
are Mrs. George A. Harlow and Mrs.
Nicholson and child, four months old. '
There were 2300 pounds of dynamite
stored at the side of the deep rock cut
running from the western limits of the
city to. the New York, New Haven and
Hartford railroad station, which was
used for blasting a path for -additional
tracks. The explosion tore a hole in the
ground eighty feet deep, that is now
full of water from a hidden - spring,
wrecked the Bond street bridge over
the railway tracks and . broke all the
windows wlihln a quarter of a mile.
The force of the explosion hurled large
stones for blocks. Many houses were
shifted from their foundations, walls
were stripped of plascter and furniture
was splintered, j ; '.":: -..-¦:. r\ •- \
MOUNT VERNON, N. Y., Nov. 2.—
The explosion of over a ton of dyna
•mite under the Bond street bridge at 1
o'clock to-day shook the city and the
surrounding country within a radius
of five miles, killed at least one person
and injured nearly forty others, two of
whom may die. The. man supposed to
have been killed was an Italian in
charge of the dynamite.
Ton of Dynamite Demolishes
Property, Wrecks Bridge
and Injures Forty People
French; Clerical Writer's Xew Work
Is Attractlns Widespread •
• PARIS, Nov.' £.— Abbe Klein, a
prominent clerical writer, whose work
on "Americanism** and "Life of 'Dr.
Hecker^treate'd an agitation, has "Just
Issued a volume entitled "In 'the
Country of Strenuous Life." It la^ded
•lcated to President Roosevelt and de
cr'bes men, institutions and affairs in
the .United States. A chapter is de
vote.d to. the abbe's visit to the White
.House and "his interview with Presi
dent Roosevelt-
Owing to. the impending reorganiza
tion of the French church system the
book's exposition . of the-' American
church system Is attracting wlde
•pread attention.
Great Disaster Follows the
Breaking of a Reservoir
in a North Carolina Town
ABBE KLEIX DESCRIBES .-;: ,S
. VISIT TO WHITE HOUSE
• NEW YORK, Nov. 2. — Two persons,
who ate part of a pudding sent to a
theatrical boarding-house In West
Forty-third street, are dying In
Roosevelt Hospital, a third . is In a
critical condition and the police are
searching, that part of the city in an
effort to locate the messenger who left
the package at the door. It is be
lieved that the sender of the package
planned the death of the entire house
hold with an idea of revenge for some
unknown cause. Had the pudding
reached the dinner table, as was In
tended, the lives of a score of persons
would have been imperiled.
Three Persons Near Death In New
York and Police nt Work on
Mysterious Case.
RUSHING WATER
FATAL TO MINE
HAVOC CAUSED
BY EXPLOSION
DYING FROM EATING -
PUDDING SENT THEM
On April 14, 1882, continues the docu
ment, ¦ the mother; of -.George I Monnier
Jr., Anna Monnier and the ¦ boy ap
peared before a ; Judge, of the Superior
Court and the mother signed ¦ her : con
sent to the adoption of * the 'child -by
George and Anna Monnler. Then: En
order was made authorizing the Tadop
tion and an agreement was . signed by
Monnler and : his wife ' that- the boy
should be treated as alawfulchlld/'It
is also, claimed that -after,, that -time
Monnler acknowledged ; in writing "l tha t
the contestant was his own son. <
; TO ; CHANGE ;¦/
The trial of : the Monnier/ case was
The application to Judge Charles
Halsey for permission to adopt Charles
D. Dewey, aged three years and nine
months, was made by George and
Johanna M. Monnier on April 14. 1882.
It was stated that the child had been
in .the care of the petitioners and that
the consent of his mother. Mary E.
Darling, had been given for the adop
tion. It was also sta.ed that the boy's
father had been- absent from the city
and State for some years and liis
whereabouts was unknown. Dewey
was born on June 18, 1S7S. in - Santa
Barbara County. .
Consent to the adoption and - re
lincuishment of all maternal rights to
the child were signed by the mother,
and the signatures of the Monniers
were attached to an agreement where-'
by the infant was to [ enjoy all the
rights and be subject to all the re
lations of a son.
MltS. 3IOXXIER'S STATEMENT.
Crv the occasion of a motion for con
tinuance of the trial of the contest In
Judge Coffey's court Mrs. Monnler at
first denied that she had ever partici
pated in any adoption proceedings,
then said she did not remember such
an incident. Before that her deposi
tion had been taken for use in
the hearing and she testified that
George Jr. had been brought to her
home by a Mrs. Darling. -In support
of his request for a postponement of
the case the young man made an affi
davit stating that he had never heard
that he was not Monnier's son until
the widow so - testified and he desired
time to Investigate his parentage. The
identity of his father, . if it was not
Monnier. is still a mystery. --"- ..
The amendments filed yesterday by
the young man assert that' George and
Anna Monnier were married on Janu
ary 3. 1S63, and that on or about June
18, 1878, the contestant was born of ; a
woman other than Anna- Monnier. and
that George Monnler was his father. *¦>
During the year .1882, it . is ,said,
George Monnler publicly acknowledged
the child as . his own son , and received
him as such with the consent of Anna
Monnier into, the family and ;from
thenceforth ¦ until the day of Monnier's
death: September^ 4 last, continued
acknowledge him as his son and
treated him as if he ' ere a legitimate
child. • ,
An insi>:ctlon of the adoption rec
ords of department 10 of the Superior
Court discloses facts at variance with
Mrs. Monnier's statement that the boy
had not been adopted and with the
contestant's declaration that he is the
son of the deceased.
George Monnler Jr. now says he Is
the natural son of George Monnler
and a. woman other than Anna Mon
nier, widow of the winemaker, whose
will the young man is contesting. He
also avers that he was legally adopted
by the Monniers with the consent of
his own mother. These contentions
are set forth in legal papers Just filed
In the probate department of the Su
perior Court V by Attorneys Sullivan
and Sullivan. The name of the mother
and the identity of the Judge who
officiated are not contained in the
document.
!"ORTRAJTS OF LATE WELL-KNOWN WINEMAKER AND OF HIS WIDOW AND ADOPTED SON. WHO ARE ENGAGED IN
BITTER AND PICTURESQUE LEGAL BATTLE BEFORE JUDGE COFFET IN THE PROBATE COURT FOR POSSESSION
OF THE LARGE ESTATE. _ 7 V ' V.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 2.— Growing
somewhere in the vicinity of latitude
23' 3 north, longitude 129 26 east. Just
fourteen days' sail from Hon
gay, a French port located on
the Chinese coast south of Hong
kong, is a tree s spreading Its
branches above the bosom of the big
Pacific to a height of forty feet. Such
is the news brought by the British ship
Langdale. which has returned to this
harbor after an absence of nearly two
years. The log shows that this myste
rious mark," which is uncharted, was
sighted Sunday evening, September 4,
Just at dusk. The ship stood three
miles away and no nearer view was
had because approaching darkness pre
vented a small boat being lowered, but
to the crew the tree apepared of a
brownish color, a "dirty" brown, as the
salts describe it. It had seven branches,
which extended from the trunk. There
appeared to be no land at the base of
the. growth, and to all appearances It
might have sprouted from the briny
deep, but ..in the opinion of a few of
those who saw it the roots were Im
bedded in a coral reef. There are no
charted islands nearer -than 100 miles
to the spot. , The Langdale comes in
command of Captain Jones.
Special Dispatch to Th» Can.
After walking a number of miles Col
burn was overtaken by a conveyance.
In which he rode to Tonopah.
It Is presumed 'that Colburn was de
ported in consequence of his father's
active participation in the fight against
the Western Federation of Miners In
Colorado.
A dispatch from Tonopah says that
the spokesman of the party that es
corted Colburn out -of Goldfleld re
marked that the distance from Gold
field to Tonopah .was «nly twenty
eight miles, . and that he had be«&
forced to walk from Cripple Creek to,
Canon City, forty miles. . with his body
covered with welts.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 2.— News 'has
reached this city, from Goldfleld,' Nev..
that E. A. Colburn Jr. has been de
ported from that camp by miners and
warned never to return. He was not
beaten nor abused In any manner, be
yond being escorted- out of town. Young
Colburn is a son of Judge E. A. Col
burn. president of the Cripple Creek
Mine Owners* Association. Judge Col
burn was about • to buy ' property In
Goldfleld, but he. has now calle.d th»
deal off, and wired his son to return
home.
SAILORS TELL
STRANGE STORY
ESCORTED OUT
OF GOLDFIELD
Award In Favor of New York
Company.
SAN DOMINGO, Republic of Santo
Domingo, Nov. 2. — The Spanish Con
sul here, in behalf of the Spanish
Government and also of the Govern
ment of Germany, has presented a
formal p/otest to the Dominican Gov
ernment and the American Minister
against the execution of the arbitra
tion finding in the claim of the Santo
Domingo Improvement Company of
New York, asserting that the Spanish
and German claims suffer by the find
ing. - ' x
: .It is ..rumored that two German
warships are expected to ; -be - sum
moned here by the Spanish Consul in
conformity*, with the Spanish-German
understanding regarding the affairs of
both nations in these waters.
Kaiser Protests Against Arbitration
GER3IAN WARSHIPS MAY BE
SENT TO SAN DO3IINGO
I
vhen she .was an actress. He was
killed. in Texas. Her little daughter is
Y~ her first husband. The only time
ehe showed any ernof '- since her ar
rest was yec'-rday praing when' she
saw the. numbers . on her - photograph,
which- Is to be. placed in the "Rogue's
Gallery-" Then, she burst Into tears.
Mrs. [Catbrinc Oldeg, 1251 Turk
E.treet. swore to a complaint before
Police . Judge ' Cabaniss yesterday
.chargm? Mrs. Squire with burglary for
entering her apartments on October 20
and stealing' a diamond sunburst, dla-
V-chd ring frr.d rtick pin. Mrs. tsquire
v.-.as. Instructed a." arraigned era the
cha^ re and the case was continued till
.Saturday.'- She. will not be admitted to
ba!l. Other, charges are pending.
. From a pocketb'c jk found ' in Mrs.
Squire's -room It was learned that her
husband's name • ..'orman H. Squire
and that sh<3 had at one time- lived
in Denver. Squire is her second hus
band.. She married, her first husband
• Mrs.. Kennedy of the Hotel Higglns,
239 O'Farrell street, had a look at Mrs.
Eqylre yesterday.- While fitting on a
dress in a .. store at Post street and
C :ant avenue -about eight days ago
Mrs. Kennedy's satchel - as stolen. . It
contained 515, a gold bracelet set with
pearls and a silver pendL. She said
Mrs. Squire was about the height of a
noman she noticed near . her. There
are :. .her .piece's c"f jewelry and articles
yet to-be identified, j^ffi
•Peter Hoy. who has a Jewelry store
at 807 Market street and lives at 1105
Laguna street. Identified a solitaire dia
mond ring, a turquoise and diamond
cluster ring, gold nugget scarf pin and
horseshoe- pearl pin that were stolen
from his residence- last week. They are
valued at $140.
The police deem Mrs. Squire one of
the cleverest female crooks' that ever
operated 'in the city. They hope to
have all "the articles found In
her possession identified. Evidence
piled up yesterday when a
number of women called at police
headquarters yesterday to examine the
Jewelry found on Mrs. Squire when ar
rested and articles discovered, in her
room at 1178 McAllister street. ; : ,,
Mrs. AI H/Relnert, a dressmaker at
£23 O'Farrell street. Identified a new
blac": silk skirt- and wsist valued- at
,J75 and two pieces of silk that were
stolen from her show room on October
15 while -Bhe and her assistants w.ere
at lunch.
Mrs. Grace SQUlre. the cool little
woman, accused • of "eeve-al burglaries,
lost her eelf-possessicr for a moment
last night- and confessed to having
committed oire thelt. Mrs. OUle Blazer
of 305 Jones street Identified a «eal»kln
cloak which was found in Mrs. Squire's
room, though the cloak had been alter
ed. When granted an interview with
the prisoner Mrs; Blazer asked her how
the coat came to be altered. "Oh. I
did it," admitted the accused. "I cut
It down to at niyself." But" -this was
her only admission.
The / meet^ng also sent its congratu
lations to Lord Lansdowne and Count
Lamsdorff, respectively. Foreign Min
isters of Great Britain and Russia, bn
their reference of the Anglo- Russian
dispute to arbitration.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— The French
arbitration treaty, concluded yester
day, will be followed by a treaty with
Italy, which, it Is expected, will be
ready for signature early next week.
The French treaty, while not yet rati
fied by the' Senate and consequently
not in force, is believed to be so care
fully, framed as to Insure favorable ac
tion in the last stage. If this is so, it
will be the first arbitration treaty of
general scope to which the United
States has been a party.'
"The arbitration jrroup of the French
Parliament congratulates you for the
services you have rendered for the
peace of the world by your firm sup
port of the work of The Hague con
ference."
PARIS, Nov. 2.— The report of Jus
serand, French Embassador to the
United States, on the signing of the
Franco-American arbitration treaty
"was received by Foreign Minister Del
casse to : day. The latter will not sub
mit the treaty to Parliament for rati
fication until the Embassador's mail
report with the signed text of the
treaty arrive. However, the officials
here have made sufficient inquiry in
regard to the sentiment of the Parlia
ment to show that; the treaty will be
ratified promptly and, perhaps, unani
mously.
At the call' of Baron d'Estournelles
de Constant, a special meeting of the
Parliamentary group on arbitration
was held to-day to take action on the
Franco-American . treaty recently
signed in Washington. There was a
large attendance • of Senators and
Deputies. The following cablegram of
congratulation was sent to President
Roosevelt:
Old Papers Show
Adoption Was
Regular.
Congratulated by Members
of - Parliament for His
Efforts to Aid Mankind
Police Consider Her Clever
est Female Crook Operat
ing : Here for Long Time
SHE ADMITS OXE THEFT
ROOSEVELT IS PRAISED
As a Babe Charles E. Dewey Is Given by
Mother, Mary Darling, to Winemaker.
More Victims of Mrs. Grace
Squire, Accused of Burg
lary, Identify Property
French Statesmen Pleased
With the Hay-Jusserand
Arbitration Agreement
GEORGE MONNIER JR. IS
LEGALLY ADOPTED CHILD
COILS TIGHTEN
ABOUT WOMAN
PEACE TREATY
IS POPULAR
HkNI 'iiVirAtittiiiwMlt 'i 'i 'Mil 'iiiii ' Jii'hli MH i'< ' I i iiliMMHWMtiWllMs>>lln
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLr THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1901;
3
Neck and Neck! iif
Regals are now running a " neck and j^^~.
neck"raoe — with custom-made shoes. ' VS •
Regals are carrying a light weight — Aj/
only $3.50. " Jg»
Custom-made shoes are laboring under J "fl fcHwr?
a killing weight— $8.00 to $14.00. •hJrKSC
Your horse-sense ought to tell
gL^J^^ you what the result will be. The cus-
tom-made shoe is bound to fall out of
Sj^=2g3i53^ the race. How can it be otherwise ?
irjj^^y Regal styles are the exact dupli-
v)4f cates of expensive custom designs.
imf Regal materials are proved to be the same
v^. as in the most reliable custom-made shoes.
Regals look as well Regals wear as welL
Ji And now with quarter sizes Regals
All the new Fall and early "Winter 'styles are .
made in 36 quarter sizes and 8 widths, giving 288
fittings, insuring, a perfect fit in every style. No
high-priced custom bootmaker can do better than
this— -a lot of them can't do as well. i
Think once more of Regal style, Regal wear, 4.
Regal fit— and Regal price, $3.50 !
Send for Style BoolL Hail Orders promptly filled. '
Bold direct from tannery to consumer. Tha largest retaQ shoo boslaesa ta
the world. 80 stores In principal dtlea from London to 8aa Fraaedaoa a
MSrS STORE ' ~ C 4 V ED ( VTKr A WOMEN'S 8TOBS
Cor. Oeary and Stockton Sta. TllAnVUVU Cor. Geary and Stociton St«.
Oakland Store, ioio Broadway.
iLDVEBTISJEMENTS. '...."
PRAISES PE-RIJ-NA
•••• u ••• m ••••••»»» m m • m m » • •» a »•••»••••••••••»• m »» m m • 9
> wtrq*rpmr^m*mmmw** m *wimw9V**i9mmmmmmtmmmmimm999mrr**rv******i~*m^*mm**rmi*mm*mmmm^m.mm— mm . '
MISS JULIA MARLOWE
! Heartily Approves of Peruna for the Nerves.' ... ' \\
¦•«»>»» >»»««»• •»»»¦» •«»»«» • »»»»••»•••»•• •»¦«»« »»¦¦•••
IN a recent letter to The Peruna Medi- Digestion f urn!she> nutrition for the
cine Co. Miss Julia Marlowe of New nerve centers. Properly digested xood»
York City writes the following: furnishes these reservoirs of life with
• •••••• ••• • • • vitality which leads to strong-, steady
"I ~r~ ~I~A /« m.m.4m «,« -«- ? nerves, and thus notirt?hes life.
/ am ff/aa to write my en , peruna Is In great favor among wo-
. dorsement of the great remedy, njen. especially those who have vocations
o . i j ' that are trying to the nervea.
feruna, as a nerve tonic. I OO Peruna furnishes th.e lasting vigor for
!! SO most heartily." — Julia Mar- the nerves that such people need.
, . J t Thousands of testimonials from *o-
-'] lowe. f men in all parts of the United States are
»»»««»»««¦ ««»«».«»»>>«»•? belns* received every year. .Such unso->
Nervousness Is very common among licited evidence surely proves that Pe-
women. This condition Is due. to anemic runa is without an equal as a nerve tonio
nerve centers. The nerve centers are the and a vital lnvigorator.
reservoirs of nervous vitality. These ' .
centers become bloodless for want of _ «.«.«/_ „> 0__:__ * n jLJ-
proper nutrition. Buy a bottle of Feruna to-day.
This is especially true in the spring // yQU fa no f receive atl the ben-
season. Every spring a host of invalids - _*- , „ ...
are produced as the direct result of weak eflts from Peruna that yOU OX-
"This can be easily obviated by using *•**•*. "** *?¦ ' £• f f Ha *'
Peruna. Peruna strikes at the root of the man, Columbus, Ohio. • V <
difficulty by correcting the digestion. '
The New Song Is Catching On!
I - The Girl I Lofed Out Io tbe Coin West -
' chorus. 9S0 . - ¦¦-*•
X °^* * ',,**' l ***' *** """¦ Bb * •"• *onU . «f Blot . cm taU. I cm •
ffi"^^ * •' •*'• /¦ *=s". jii J ~~4 m JT^=\
rt^i^I'-c? I ?.?* c 11 E * a Fr »-ocls«> Is making a run on "The Girl I Loved Out Inth*
GoiaenAVest and Where the SUVry Colorado Wends Iu Way." These are the famoui let-
ter carrier sonrs which won the support of John D. Rockefeller Jr. for the composer* aa a re-
?™ ni, b ** u . tw »' ,»« l0<1 y- They are being aung at the Orpheum this week by Miss Caro-
t^ti?!^ 0 !* . Of e 8 ** D«toore. and at th« CaltfornU by Walter . Dorsey of Haverly'i
St. * v.*? (J .. th , I ? e encor « t ever T nlghU The songs are decided hits, and will soon be
hummed and m-hl»Ued all over San Francisco.
i««.^il' C0W £ 0y "?V2" '" "** lateet cr * x * M *** **»• E * st - n h" n ° w struck the Pa-
tJ55J??£; ,^iZ "^T* f i? ou .! £•««"•*« »» H*«n »way free with every copy of "The Girl I
tf^SSL vi . Jr* GoWen by every music house in the city.. These pictures cannot
be bought in the. art stores for less than 60 cents each. See them at the Emporium Bher-
S^J2*«* .* BeD K Cu £^* * 8on « ** mny muBie houae In the city and you will want one.
or ana SO cents to the Tolbert R. Ingram Muale Co.. Denver. Colo.; and obtain a copy of
m «onrs ana one of the picture*. You will surely want them after hearing Miss Delmor*
•>nd Mr. Doncjr •? t g them. -: STANFORD UNIVERSITY.; Nov.' 2
r^Large , additions;; have ' been made
to the ; glass collection \ in the
museum; ; through ' the kindness - : of
Messrs^Salviati . . and v> Camerino. i art
glass . workers of .Venice. ,.n.The; collec
tlomhas already :' become'; the -best ", ol
its : kind in -i the r :- United / - States. > and
with r the lot Just , received will «'con
tain i almost • every I known r variety ,, of
Venetian- glass.;: .¦::.,.-...- < &¦?
Venetian Gin ks Collection.
SHORTRIDGE AT IONE.
Socialist Candidate Speaks.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— Ben Hanford
of - New York, Socialist candidate for
Vice President,' addressed a largely at
tended meeting to-night at Ge.rmania
Hall. . Hanford, denounced the Repub
lican and Democratic parties as rep
resenting : the.* capitalistic class. He
said Socialism- offered industrial
emancipation.. Hanford. declared that
the cry of prosperity is . a false one.
Hanford presented the Socialistic doc
trine to be that. the people who do
the world's .work shall own the things
with which the world's work is done.
TWO PERSONS INJURED .
• IN A RUNAWAY ACCIDENT
RALEY IN THIRTY-SECOND.
Senator Discusses Campaign Issues
Before a Large Audience.
IONE, Nov. 2. — Charles M. Short
ridge, the self-styled spellbinder of the
Republicans, was greeted in this city
to-night by a most enthus!astic audi
ence. Despite the fact that the .day
"was a cheerless "one and cold, the hall
in which he spoke. was filled to over
flowing. Anvils boomed and bonfires
blazed in honor of the Senator's arrival
in the early attemoon.-
Shortridge was preceded by local
speakers, among .whom were Charles
McKenny, nominee for Assemblyman
from the Eleventh District. McKenny
was followed by Mr. Amick. candidate
for Supervisor, of this district. , Both
were heartily cheered.
Mr. Bergstrom then introduced Mr.
Shortridge. who at once made himself
acquainted with the 1 audience, and he
immediately let himself Into the spirit
of address. He referred to Roosevelt
as the "reliable," ¦ resourceful Roose
velt," and his remarks eulogizing Mc-
Kinley were the occasion for. rapturous
outbursts 'of enthusiasm. He closed
his speech, by commending "John Hay
and Theodore ; Roosevelt- in the highest
terms relative to . their action in the
Panama : matt er.HSHH -
Horse Attached to Boggy ' Becomes
. Frightened and Throws Out Occu
pant on 'Edee of -a Cliff.'
"SAN DIEGO,. Nov.. 2.— A thrilling
runaway at . La Jolla resulted in the
injury, « of two ' persons * and the death
of a horse. : _ ." ' .. '" ".'.'¦
A horse driven by Mr. Rannells be
came frightened at a, point- In the, drive
where" the/ road ; skirts a bluff,, turned
abruptly and threw Mr. and Mrs. Ran
nells } out, - ' landing them, on the brink
of'the^ precipice. The horse got: free
from the 'buggy, and ran to the [ Santa
Fo- Railroad crossing/ where he" fell
into the 'cattle guards and was struck
by ;. the : southbound f train :. and \ killed.
Mrs. z Rannells -was i seriously and -Mr,
Rannells " slightly 3 injured.
VISITS THIRTEEN TOWNS.
JURY EXONERATES MAX
; C WHO' KILLED [ HIS' FATHER
Democrats • Meet . and Hear Speeches
by Candidates of ..Their'. Party. '
.¦¦¦ A very successful meeting, of /the
Democrats .of v the t: irty-secofld Dis
trict was held .under* the auspices of
the Iroquois • Club at : Mannerbund i Hall
last evening., r The meeting ' was_ called
to ¦ order by.VWilliatn - H. Kline, : who in
troduced .William : . Cannon, : who. acted
as- chairman. ; "'Among those __who, acted
asiylce .presidents were J. J. Donovan;
James Behan. William Assmussen and
A." D. Pratt. . v
Speeches, t dealing /> chiefly with the
tariff; and ;.the « trusts, ¦:, wen . made ; by
Congressmen ". Livernash > and ; . ;.Wynn,
George candidate : for " the
Assembly, in ; the district ; \ Joseph i Holle,
who "¦ aspires >, to-be State : Senator, • and
r.-; P." . Troy. v .While ¦' awaiting v the" ar- J
rival' of * tne '. speakers X some j excellent
vocal solos were, rendered by Martin
Welch'.;--- ,;¦; . " '¦ ' :-¦¦ ¦ ¦'•'.'•'- '-":-.:'
:Troy in, is speech attacked the policy
of the | Republican party, 1 } claiming that
its .! tendencies ivwere- imperialistic .'and
not ' in „ " keeping /"^with % the f- American
spirit r of . freedom,* ; referring i chiefly., to
its ; attitude regarding the Philippine
Islands; - .'-.-"• ~"" " 1 : r
\<- Congressman \ Wynn .- promised "'to
faithfully.? support 1. the >, people sof .".the
State •: In the event of ; his re-election
Finds That - Shooting:. . Was Without
Intent" and, Recommends'
•? the L Release of tl Parricide. '
¦^VTACOMA, "u Nov. v ' 2.— Emil j; Carl
son^nightfehief operator fof the West
ern VUnion ;. Telegraph -office; who '! shot
his , father,, John , B.*, Carlson, in the de
fense of i his" mother and ; himself Mon
day : afternoon*. - was exonerated , by the
Coroner's Jury to-day. Neighbors . tes
tified' as ( to -' thVlQuarrelsome -and .vio
lent disposition \ of < the ' deceased. S The
jury found , the ¦ killing {.was : without
criminal ;> intent < and \> ; recommended
Em 11 ; J. '¦- Carlson ; be't!t not J; prosecuted.
Carlson was at once released.
Fairbanks" Put s In Another • Busy Day
• , ... In His Home'i State. 1
LAFATETTB. Ind-. Nov. 2.— From
Michigan City to Lafayette. Senator
Fairbanks'' special train to-day stop
ped at thirteen- different points.^ -In
his r first. speech of the day, at Michi
gan City he referred pointedly to the
charges , against ; Chairman ', Cortelyou,
contained. In 'the" recent speeches of
Judge Parker. All . of the Senator's
addresses 'were* warmly applauded.
At. Logansport -Secretary ; of the
Treasury Shaw Joined the party and.
after' "Senator "Fairbanks ; had ad
dressed the ' evening • meeting -. at . La
fayette, Shaw, spoke. His address was
largely- devoted to an exposition of the
benefits. 1 which -would.-. accrue .tof the
producers ,of .the country, from- a Jcon-f
tinuance of ;the- policy of protection.
Fairbanks Would Deprive Democracy
of a Senatorship.
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 2. — Chair
man Taggart ia putting forth his best
efforts to capture the Legislature,
hoping to be himself elected to the
Senate. • -
"If Senator Fairbanks is elected
Vice President and the Democrat*
carry the Legislature, Fairbanks wilr
refuse the Vice Presidency and ' re
main in the Senate.."
Thi3 statement, was made to-day
at the Governor's office by a high of
ficial, who refused to permit the. use
of. his name.
Discover a Body on River Bank.
REDDINO, Nov. 2.— Dan Dawson
and- Ed Hall, woodchoppers, -found
the body of an unknown man hanging
face downward from a snag that
stuck out of the river bank near Kes
wick ' this afternoon. It is believed
that the man was the comrade of the
unknown who was knocked oft the
bridge and -killed at Delta a few days
ago. ' .'-,.' - ' '
Jumps From Train and Is Killed.
FRESNO, Nov. 2. — Walter D. Ched
ester fell while Jumping from a mov
ing train yesterday and two of - the
wheels passed over his left leg, mu
tilating it so badly that he soon bled
to death.
MAY DECLJXE VICE PRESIDENCY
The principles of Abraham Lincoln" • admin
istration bave ptssee-aiMl blended with th*
prutctple* of that other xnartrr-Praldeat. Wu-
I ask all American* t j consider well » n <l act
••posi the Prrrniaenfs remark. "Tread softlr
fcPd carry a bljr stick." What man can deny
that that 1s a gooo motto? Champ dark and
others have seen fit to denounce the President
for making Use remsrk; but no patriot wants
to m* ibis, his native land, cringing In abject
cowardice before any other Government on this
*»rth. Just as an IndlvieusJ Is at a disadvan
tage and power!*** before the attack In the
dark of a desperado armed with jrun or knife
a© wt*iia ba this or any other nation that ner
teetetf to prepare Itself h» times of peace for
Adherence to the Monroe docrine has enabled
us. to s*cur« the rpen door Jn China has
Utcgfct Miwco, Turkey and Haytl to respect
ttm Bag. The Central American Intriguers
fcave boon compelled to cease thrir machina
tions, and as a result the Panama canal Is
under way. By the examples of American in
dustry and enerry the powers ¦ know that we
can pruduce statesmen as well as soldiers and
sailors. Wlim I Mil sis) Hit hi II 'llwamsissiii a
Tti« United States U a great world power
Our country Is to-4*y pre-eminent among the
foremort nations of the globe. And I believe
that so Ionic as we adhere to the constitution
Rhe Trill continue to stand pre-eminent
For many yoars past the Republican party has
been in cmUto! and has dealt with and settled
great mtcrral problems. The East Is in touch
with the Wait, and the result will be of'lact
iriK benefit. Nations that once -denied our
ermntry a commercial dUm now £tv« us the
moet prominent position.
A GREAT . WORLD POWER
Mr. Chairman. Ladies and Gentlemen: I
hope you will erteem St as great a pleasure to
lwt'n to ir-e as It Is for me to be able to speak
to you. We are meeting here to-night to dls
¦ uft the- lFsuts of an ejection that Is world
wide ii its Importance. Every power of the
earth -is awaiting the outcome of the vote upon
icsu^s- that affect international affairs.
In introducing Mr. Gage to the audi
ence Chairman McDougald referred to
him as the man that settled the great
water front strike and caused the re
turn to work of thousands of laborers.
This announcement was greeted with
cheers. After acknowledging his ap
preciation for the reception accorded
him Mr. Gage said in part:
Treasurer John E. McDougald pre
sided, being introduced to the audience
by Senator E. R. Woodruff, secretary
'of the Republican State Central Com
mittee. The" appearance of Governor
Cage at the speaker's chair was the
slgn&J for an enthusiastic demonstra
tion, for which he expressed his appre
ciation. Mr. Short was also warmly re
ceived, and Julius Kahn and E. A.
Hayes, who were seated on the plat
form, were cheered thrice and three
times more. Altogether the crowd was
an unusual one for- this campaign. It
demonstrated the fact that if sufficient
Democratic opposition could be found
it wu willing to enter the fray as of
old, and win out, too. It was not only
enthusiastic, but argumentative, in
support of the speakers' theories.'. The
bum of discussion in the audience was
often heard, and one man. grown too
excited, wm led to the street, where he
continued his harangue, with himself
the only interested auditor.
On behalf ¦ of .Republican principles
and xtepublican candidates ex-Governor
Henry T. Gage addressed a great audi
ence at the Alhambra Theater last
evening. - Supporting and augmenting
his argument was Frank H. Short of
Fresno, who delivered a ringing speech
in .the interest of the dominant party
and the men it has named for office.
San Francisco has '. before it the greatest
possibilities, the greatest opportunities for de
velopment and ' the greatest resources . of any
city, to-day. You may . study tb« conditions
along the entire coaet Una of the Pacific Ocean
and San Francisco Is the gateway of the west
ern world. In all that vast stretch of - land
that fronts the wofld's. moat 'majestic sea, for
the city that sits by < the Golden Gate there Is
no rival, and there can never be. : The citizens
of San Francisco . ought to be alive - to this
situation, to her greatness and , her oppor
tunities as a. city.* - They • ought to be Imbued
with municlpa.1 pride; they ought to have and
Insist upon official honor • and integrity. Wa
have no man too capable 'or. too 'large to ad
minister; the . affairs of thU ; city. None too
A quartet . followed Mr. Gage to the
platform and, its song concluded,"
Frank H. Short was introduced: ¦ In
part he said:
SHORT IS INTRODUCED.
And- as for the greatness and prosperity of
the United States, we should be equal- In
strength to any world power.. With wars In
tha Orient, rumors of war around tha world,
the moment may come suddenly when this
country will be entangled. I believe that the
United " States should be able to guard her
lntemaUoaaJ lawsuits- with the: speed of the
American batUe*hlps. the power of American
guns and the valor of . American soldiers and
sailors.
It in a matter of record that the only, time
Federal troops were sent Into a State to quell
disorder was under Democratic administration
an* in Colorado, where the treatment of . the
laboring man was infamous, I consider ' it
utterly Indefensible and anarchistic to blow
up people and property. Any man who re
sorts to such anarchy deserves the condem
nation of every honest man within the - con
fines of this country. ¦ -
One of the worst corporations ever 'existing,
whose trail is marked with . crime and lust for
gold, is the Standard Oil Company. It has
been under protection, but It carries a free
trsde commodity. • ' ¦
ATTACKS STANDARD OIL.
Who ever heard Davis or Parker saying any
thing against trusts" until after they . were
nominated? The records -will show what an
ardent trust man Judge Parker -" was. Ky
rendering two decisions of directly * opposite
construction be left a loophole for capital to
throttle labor in the American National Drug
Association ease. -XifjSttBMi! ¦ •
Parker says "protection foster* trusts" and
yet we can point to ' free trade England | with
trusts upon trusts. In our own country many
of the trust* that are fattening are not pro
tected.
Bryan has been eloquent on' the evils of the
trusts. I looked over the records of Bryan
during his two terms in Congress, and can find
no trace of any time where the former leader
of Democracy by word or deed attempted to
Introduce laws to circumscribe the trusts. On
a!l the trust measures looking to the curbing
of the evil the Democrats have voted Indus
triously with th« powers of corruption.'
The St. Louis convention is the only place
where the Democrats mentioned trusts. They
did not dare to nay a word on the money
question, although for eight years they de
clared the money question the paramount
issue. The party had to do something so they
dipped their pen In molasses instead of Ink
arnd wrote the plank in the platform for cam
paign purposes. It was not written in good
faith. Their conduct wu reprehensible and
any party resorting to aucb tricks should be
defeated.
The -President needs the electidh of .Julius
Kuhn in the Fourth Congressional District; he
needs the election of Duncan McKinlay up
ncrtb; he needs the election of Gillett, Hayes,
Needham and Smith, and he'll get the election
of Jim - McLachian of Los Angeles. . Do net
vote with wild hurrah for .Roosevelt- and. then
tie him hand and foot politically tjy electing
Democratic legislators. - . -~
Ham McKinley. And these principles are
blended' with the adminstratlon of Theodore
Roosevelt, and our President has been and will
txs true to those principles, which will be ac
cepted by the people on election day. The pol
ices of Republicanism will lead the republic
to loftier heights. At no time in history has
the United States been so respected as during
the seven years of McKinley and ¦ Roosevelt. -
JULIUS . KAIIX: IS NEEDED.
EX-OOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA AND -FRESNO ATTORNEY WHO WERE THE
• PRINCIPAL SPEAKERS AT A BIO REPUBLICAN MEETING AT THE
. AUUMEEA THEATER LAST EVENINO, AND THE CITT TREASURER.
At the conclusion of Mr. Short's
speech candidates for.' Congress Julius
Kahn and E. A. Hayes were introduced
and then, with ; three', cheers i for Roose
velt and Fairbanks ; and the j whole ' Re
publican ticket, the- meeting adjourned. 4
I "believe In'polltlcal leadership Our sue-"
cessful • administration* • are - not those of : our
timid, eafe, and no-called- sane and cautious
Presidents. Mr. Buchanan was safe, sane and
cautious, so- much so'that 1 . he could not posst
bly decide upon any deflriita course of action,
and, at -the end of his. very conservative • ad
ministration .the country was exceedingly un.'
eafe and the people nearly Insane. Probably
"»« Wea-. of leadership is. as well expressed In
Lord Macaulay's -dewcrlDtlon 'of the -battle of
Ivry n« anywhere in the -English language
King. Henry in addressing his soldiers aaid :
"Oh follow where my white plume 1 waves'
amidst the ranks of * war, and be . your - ori' '
flamme to-day the j helmet . of Xavarre " S In
two campaigns our Democratic friend's fol
lowed Wlllam Jennings •. Bryan where'er • his
silver plume might wave, amidst the ranks of
war; buu'.nowi sad : a»; angels' for the good
man's eln. weep to < record and blush to rive
It • in. they follow his hereditary , enemy
David . Bennott Hill.' » wherever his .bald head
tthfnes amidst the stacks 'Of yellow coin- their
orlHamme to-dsy is; a barrel- of Standard Oil'
It is really not to be wondered at that this
is called a -quiet campaign." and that the
usual Democratic enthusiasm is not : observ
able.- ' ••*¦.-, ' «- ., : : '?.-'-\' ' ' •, ' -.-.¦¦.-
Surely tha Republican nominees are ; th«
equals personally and In every other way of
the candidates - opposed . to theni. In addition
to this, they stand for the right policies — the
right principles, and for the right man : f or
President, Therefore if you vote for Kahn
and Hayes you vote for the Republican party,
you vote for California, you vote for San Fran
cisco,- -and . you vote right. "•:• : .
REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES.
In my Judgment it will be a calamity to
San Francisco if Roosevelt 13 not «lacted Pres
ident, but he will be and the calamity will only
he lessened If he Is elected and representatives
with views contrary to his and contrary to
nearly everybody else's ar«- chosen' to mis
represent San Kranctsco in . Congress. This Is
an important and serious matter. I : do not
want you to vote your . prejudices or your
personal likes or. dislikes 'If you . have any.
Make up your minds . what " is best for San
Francltco »nd you will already have decided
what is best for you. r B<» Americans and be
Californians, and vote . as such and you will
not vote wrong.
Roosevelt Is to be elected — the. Republican
party Is to be continued in power. Will this
city be better represented by men ' belonging
to the party Jn jiower and in sympathy with
the President or by men whose views are
antagonistic to thesu policies. , and who. both
an a matter • of politics and 'as a matter of
policies, are antagonistic to the President? -
The Democratic party does not stand for
these things. It ' promises . to cut down the
general expenditures of the Government on«
half — that means lets Improvement for ; our
rivers and harbors— less public buildings are
to be erected — less ships for the navy., are
to .be -constructed — less material, is ... to- .b«
used — less labor' is to be employed and " less
wages Hra to be paid. If ,,you believe ¦ In I the
policy of contraction — if you believe In the
economy that curtails, public Improvements —
If you are opposed . to the protective tariff —
if you want Parker elected— if you want Roose
velt defeated — If you want to return to th«
Cleveland administration, . bo much" loved" and
extolled by Mr. Parker, you ' ought • to • vote
for- Democratic Congressmen; but If you are
for Roosevelt— ir you believe in ¦ Republican
policies and want them continued, you ought
to vote for the men that believe in these
same policies — that will support Roosevelt and
will br supported by him, in order that we
may have our equnl share in tha Government
fend in It* benefits. . y -..V-,. -.--
ROOSEVELT WILL WIN.
You have two Congressmen to elect. Is It
good sense and good policy - that those - Con
gressmen should belong to the party in power?
Not only the party In power, but the party
that believes In : the policy of protection — that
believes in the development of our Internal
resources — that Intends to construct the ¦ Isth
mian canal and that understands 1 the oppor
tunities', conditions and neeila or this coast T
If you believe in these policies — If you believe
that they are the policies best calculated to
advance and develop San Francisco and her
material resources — if you do not loyally sup
port the men that- stands for these policies
you will be false to the Interests If you do
not give them your support and your vote.
tion of our situation and the stronger sjnn-]
pathy for our needs.
' Senator Knowland was most en
thusiastically received- and held the
close attention of the. audience
throughout his address. The speaker
convincingly answered the argument
advanced by his Democratic oppo
nents at. a meeting held here several
weeks ago, many of the' Republican
nominee's statements being, loudly ap
plauded. • Knowland called attention
to the benefits California had enjoyed
under Republican policies and spoke
particularly of what the building of
the Panama canal meant to this State.
He predicted that California, realizing
these facts, would roll up. a Roosevelt
plurality of more than 30,000 and
elect a solid Republican Congressional
delegation, j The meeting closed with
three rousing cheers for the Republi
can ticket.
"PORT COSTA, Nov. 2.— Under the
auspices of the Belshaw Republican
Club, the largest and most enthusias
tic meeting of the campaign was held
here this evening, the speakers being
Senator J. R. Knowland, Republican
nominee for Congress; Senator C. M.
Belshaw, nominee for State Senator,
and Harry Ells, Assembly candidate.
Foresters' Hall was packed, delega
tions attending from surrounding
towns. L. N. Buttner presided.
. Senator Belshaw was accorded an
ovation as he faced the audience. , He
first , took up the constitutional
amendments, pointing out the strong
and weak points in each. He then
entered upon an able discussion of
the issues of the campaign.
Senator Knowland Rays State .Will
"Give Roosevelt 50,000 Plurality.
. Candidates of the Union Labor party
held forth; a Hall
last night. - A band was in attendance
and struck up "We" Won't Go Home
Till Morning" T as each* candidate ap-'
peared. ¦ The - gathering -was- presided
over by Thomas Eagan, chairman of
the Union Labor County Committee.
Daniel W. -• Burchard, candidate for
Superior Judge, was the first speaker.
In a fiery manner ' he scored those
whom he declared maligned Mayor
Eugene Schmitz. "In spite of the lies
that have been told about him, he is
the soul of honor," said Burchard.
"There have been more, lies told about
him arid Abe Ruef r r.n would patch
hades a mile." ' \ , ¦ :
While Burchard was talking E. J.
Liivernash entered and .he crowd be
gan to call for him. Livernash said in
part: % .'. ;-
I • have "many other engagements, but I
want to drive a nail Into several lies before
I leave this hall. Every day new lies are'
leveled at me. . not because I am Livernash,
but because I represent you. I am not afraid
to come here and tell you so. I am not afraid
to go any place, not even to Dupont and Fil
bert streets. ' ... ' . , , •
¦ The Mayor and I disagree on several points,
but we are agreed on one thing— our devotion
to union labor principles. I stand shoulder
to shoulder with those who are battling for
unionism. ¦'- Let us all at this crisis stand to
gether. . , < At this point Judge Frank Murasky
entered and was cheered.) '
v -I- will now make a departure from the thread
of my discourse to pay a personal tribute 'to
a personal friend whom I have known from
boyhood. He is a man of high Ideals, ardent,
earnest and consistent: His name is Frank
Murasky. .'. Work for him and vote for him. -
I do 'not ' think- that you will fall me. X
hare an abiding . faith In. the manliness of the
working people. ' and the worklngmen 'consti
tute an ¦ easy , majority of the voters of this
city." I gave up a salary of '$10,000 a yeai
to stand for -unionism. If you do not return
me ! to Congress the loss will be yours. I
have nothing .to lose. Although calumnies are
spread, let us be calm. Calmness Is consistent
with great courage. Let us be silent : and
v6te our convictions.
Mayor Schmitz followed ; Livernash
and appealed for Judge Conlan's elec
tion as Superior. Judge.
Conlan said in part: "Thank
you for this reception. I have tried to
the .best of my ability while on the
police bench to deal 'out justice :.nd
fair. play. I purpose .to continue in
that same groove until the end,. of my
existence. I can repeat my
pledges.':
Judge Murasky said: "I find myself
embarrassed by those laudations. It is
not | consistent for' a candidate for Su
perior Judge . to talk politics. 1 can
only say that I, will live up to the
pledge ; I : made to you."
'¦ James Gallagher and Thomas Eagan
also spoke. '¦¦'¦¦. , ¦ . ¦ •%»:v.v' -¦¦*,
Congressman Livernash Has Praise
for Judge Murasky. . .
LABOR CANDIDATES TALK.
! Judge J.' A. Barham of | Santa Rosa,
a former Congressman, made a telling
speech on the issues, devoting the most
of his time to a discussion of the tariff.
He told his auditors they were voting
to destroy the prosperity now being en
joyed in casting their ballots for the
party of free trade. He compared
Judge Conley with Judge Parker, in
that both are making statements on the
stump that are absolutely without
foundation, thus winning, the ridicule
of .hundreds and thousands of voters.
Barham excited laughter and tremend
ous applause by saying he has advised
Conley, as his personal friend; to make
up his mind that he can best serve his
State and best preserve the respect of
his constituents by remaining on the
bench, for while he has made a good
Judge he has proved . himself a mighty
poor politician.
: The Democrats have given up the
hope of defeating Needham.
Needham will practically close the
campaign Saturday night at Fresno,
when the greatest rally of the campaign
will 'be held. Hundreds will go to the
Fresno ,-i meeting from surrounding
towns, and i the demand for .special
trains is so great the Southern Pacific
ordered extra cars from other points
of the road in order to carry the im
mense crowds to and from Fresno.
MERCED, Nov. 2.— This town dem
onstrated to-night that while Congress
man Needham's opponent for office. was
born here and the city is known "as ' a
Democratic stronghold it is the home of
many > Republicans i and hundreds "of
ardent admirers 'j3f.Nee.dham. A large
audience • greeted 'Congressman . Need
ham and accorded 'him an "enthusiastic
reception when he was introduced. Con
gressman Needham flayed" -the -Demo
crats for methods they are resorting to
in the present campaign, and his utter
ances along this line were loudly
cheered. ¦ • . '
Reception at Merced.
Congressman Is Given an Enthusiastic
XEEDHAM FLAYS DEMOCRATS.
The list mentioned in the foregoing
letter contains 142 names. The City
and - County Hospital precinct of the
Thirty-second Assembly District is
given as the abiding - place of sixty
one of the doubtful voters.
. -• ¦. ¦ ¦
PREDICTS BIG VICTORY.
George I\ Adams, .Esq., Registrar of Vot
ers, City and County of San Francisco — Dear
Sir: In addition to the lists sent you previ
ously we would callyour attention to the in
closed list of persons who, we are Informed,
do not reside at the places from which they
were registered on .the 13th of, October. -190J.
We would therefore respectfully request - that
you cite the persons whose names ¦ are given
in thin list to appear and show cause why
their names should not be canceled -from the
great register. Respectfully yours,
MERCHANTS* ASSOCIATION,
by the Secretary.
The Merchants' Association of San
Francisco is going forward with the
work of bringing to light illegal and
bogus registration. The following
letter was sent yesterday to -Registrar
Adams and the Election Commission
ers: .
Merchants' Association Sends Another
Letter to Registrar Adams.
LIST OF DOUBTFUL VOTERS.
. The Unique ' Theater was too small
to accommodate /the vast crowd and
overflow meetings were held near the
halL Assemblyman F.* A. Cromwell
officiated as president of the meeting
and leading citizens occupied seats on
the beautifully decorated platform.
The Governor's speech was forcible,
eloquent and convincing and created
the greatest enthusiasm. He was fre
quently interrupted by applause.
Colonel T. V. Eddy followed and de
livered one of the ablest addresses ever
heard here, j Neither speaker confined
himself to any one line of discussion,
but touched upon all the issues of the
campaign, enlightening the voters and
showing -them why the present ad
ministration should not be changed.
Petaluma will roll up a big majority
for the Republican candidates. Includ
ing Duncan E. McKinlay and F. A.
Cromwell.
" PETALUMA, Nov. 2.— Petaluma was
full of excitement and life to-night.
People flocked for miles to hear Gov
ernor Pardee speak on the campaign
Issues and later to grasp his hand.
Cannon boomed a welcome as the Gov
ernor alighted from the train and hun
dreds were there to meet him. Bands,
bonfires and fireworks htelped to make
the grandest' rally in the history of
Petaluma. .';
Special Dispatch to Tba Call.
Speaker in a Forcible and
Convincing Manner Shows
Why Roosevelt' Should Be
Kept at the Nation's Helm
capable or too large to represent It at home
or abroad. I therefore ask you to well con
elder to-niffht which one of the two great
parties stand* for those qualities favorable to
this .city's Interests, calculated to develop Its
resources and calculated to benefit Its'inhab
itants. Which policies will develop Its re
sources, which will ¦ foster Its interests, . which
will extend its resources.' -Which one of, the
Presidential candidates best understands and
typifies the Interests of the West? Which of
them knows most of the West and the Western
people? Which one has the keener apprecla-
Hon. J. N. Gillett, the popular and
able nominee^ for Congress in the First
District, was at Republican State com
mittee headquarters, Palace Hotel,
yesterday. Mr. Gillett will close his
brilliant and effective campaign in
Humboldt County. -
United States Senator George C. Per
kins will speak at Vallejo to-night.
Next Monday night he will speak at
Chlco. Questions asked at either meet
ing will be answered.
Governor Pardee, John F. Davis and
Frank H. Short will speak at Sacra
mento to-morrow 1 night The State
Central Committee is convinced that
Duncan E. McKinlay will be elected to
Congress in the Second District.
Julius Kahn is making a highly cred
itable campaign. He'does not descend
to ; personalities and never fails to en
ter "e protest when any one in the
audience attempts- to revile his op
ponent. Mr. - Kahn Is gaining support
ers by reason of -his .manly style of
conducting his canvass for re-election
to Congress. . -
To-night at; Masonic Hall, corner of
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues, the
Republicans of the .Thirty-second As
sembly District C will ¦: be addressed by
General. H.- A. : Pierce of Los Angeles,
who made a speech for, Abraham Lin
coln in Yolo, County -in 1860. '". Among
other speakers will be* Major C. W.
Kyle, E. A. Hayes, Senator R. J. Welch
and P. J. Boyle. Vocal selections will
be rendered by the Stanford quartet.
Republicans of the Thirty-third As
sembly District '.will assemble at Mur
phy's Hall, Ocean View, to-night. E.
A./Hayes,.F. J. Melncke, A. W. Leichti
and Frank J. Murphy .will speak. .
There will be a rally of Republicans
of the Fortieth. Assembly District to
night at Franklin Hall. Fillmore street,
near Bush. Julius Kahn, Gus Hart
man. Benjamin L. McKinley and Frank
P. Flint will, address the voters. 'Sen
ator Hamilton A. Bauer will preside.
Music will be furnished by the Orpheus
orchestra. Charles Oliver and Walter
Bailey will render some pleasing vocal
selections.. •. ,
and pointed ¦ to his past record. He
said that even if the, next House is Re
publican and he is returned, that .will
not affect his value as a representative
of the State, for when a man crosses
the threshold of the House of Repre
sentatives party; titles, are lost sight
of - and - he ranks 'according to what he
Is and what he can do. "Two years
ago," he said, "I asked you for your
votes, promising to serve you : faith
fully. I believe I have done so.
one has ever used any act of mine. as
a basis of- an attack, and this is a
record. of which I am proud."
Livernash made a strong talk for
Parker and Davis, concluding with re
marks en President Roosevelt, the
Election Commissioners and Abe Ruef.
He eulogized Wynn.
- The meeting was marked with en
thusiasm and adjourned with cheers
for the Democratic Presidential nomi
nees, Wynn and the nominees for Sen
ate and Assembly.
The second count, in the complaint
charges him with having presented
the certificate to an officer' of regis
tration In violation of section 5426,*
Revised Statutes of the United States.
; REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 2.^-Word was
received here • to-night ' that " a "deputy
United States Marshal from San Fran
cisco had gone to Halfmoon Bay to ar
rest Supervisor Joseph , da Benede ttt for
feloniously . obtaining a certificate of
citizenship ' for : himself and presenting
the same to the Registrar. Consider
able surprise. Is evidenced at this news,
as Mr. de Benedetti is well known and
highly respected.. He 'has held the of
fice of Supervisor for eight years. It is
thought', that there must be some mis
take or that it is" a political move
sprung at the last, moment to further
the interests of Mr. de Benedettl's op
ponent in the' Supervisor fight.', .. . - i
Nothing 1s; known here of the partic
ulars of the charge, but the opinion is
expressed thaf if the charge is made to
injure Mr. de Benedetti's chances .of
election it will have the opposite effect.
The complaint .charges De Bene
detti with having feloniously present
ed a certificate of his own citizenship
issued September. 1, 1873, which
showed on Its face that he had been
admitted as a citizen of the United
States, he well knowing at the time
that the certificate had been unlaw
fully Issued to him at Redwood City.
It is alleged that De Benedetti repre
sented under oath that he first arrived
in the United States under 18 years of
age and that he was a subject of the
Kingdom of Italy and had resided five
years In the United States next pre
ceding his twenty-first year, whereaa
he had not arrived in the United
States until he was 20. years of age
and could not" become- a citizen until
he had first declared under oath.be
fore a court of record renouncing hi3
allegiance to the . Kingdom of ' Italy
and declaring his intentions two years
prior to applying for such certificate.
Woodworth says he has received In
formation that De Benedetti has In
duced about two hundred Italian
aliens to procure certificates of citi
zenship by falsely swearing' that they,
had come to this country under the
age of 18 years and had resided five
years In the United States next preced
ing their twenty-first year. .Upon
these certificates, thus, feloniously
obtained, the aliens were placed upon
the Great Register of San Mateo Coun
ty. Benedetti'a ball was fixed at
$5000. : •".•:-¦'-,;-
Joseph.de Benedetti. • a wealthy
man and leading Democratic politician
of ¦ that county, a resident of Half
moon Bay, is alleged to be the 'prime
mover In the scheme. -Woodworth
has sworn to a complaint against Ben
edetti. A warrant is in the hands of
Deputy United States Marshal George
Burnham for service.
It is said that a plot whereby 100
votes were to be cast by aliens in San
Mateo County for the Democratic
candidates for Presidential Electors
and Congressmen has been frustrated
by the vigilance of United States Dis
trict Attorney -Woodworth.
LEADING CITIZENS ,
ATTEND THE KALLY
VETERAN OF MANY CAMPAIGNS COMING
Allegations Are That the
Accused Man Has Laid
Plans to Vote Aliens
MUST "EXPLAIN ACTIOX
Chief Executive of State
" Ably Discusses Issues of
Campaign Before a Large
and Enthusiastic Audience
Big Mass- Meetings Are
Arranged for Three of
the City's Districts
E' X-GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE and Frank H. Short of Fresno addressed an un
usually large and interested audience at the Alhambra Theater last evening. Republican
principles were expounded and Republican candidates eulogized by the speakers, and it
was- apparent from the applause that their arguments met with the fullest indorsement of the
audience. Mr. Gage made a forceful and picturesque speech. His defense of Roosevelt's pol-
EX-GOVERNOR WINS APPROVAL BY HIS FERVID EX
PRESSIONS OF LOYALTY TO THE PRESIDENT.
Uncle Sam Issues Warrant
for the Arrest of Joseph
de Benedettii San Mated
Kahn and Hayes Will
Speak To-Night
REPUBLICANS
OF PETALUMA
HEAR PARDEE
BALLOT FRAUDS
ARE CHARGED
DEFENDS ROOSEVELT'S POLICY
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO; . CALL; V NOVEMBER; ; 3,.- 1904.
GAGE AND SHORT DISCUSS ISSUES OF CAMPAIGN BEFORE REPRESENTATIVE AUDIENCE AT THE ALHAMBRA THEATER AND UNBRIDLED ENTHUSIASM PREVAILS
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DON'T HESITATE
The longer you put off "obtaining a
bottle of Hostetter's Stomach Bitter*
when . your, stomach is so. weak that
you cannot enjoy your^meals and^the
bowels are very constipated, the" hard-
er it is going to be to effect a cure.
fc|||j SfSSifcH \ should be taken
P^|®C^^Hs^ at l^ e vcry first
lif^^l- symptom. It will
"^^]^ save you a or
. bottle tt once.V; CEDAR 'Iowa..Nov.
AV. • J." ¦ Maxwell,' grand 'secretary^ of ; th'e
Order 9 of w RailwaV^Conductbrs,V.'»wa»
stricken "with,' paralysis ? to-day r- His
condition ; is; serious. - ... \_
Stricken With Paralysis.
Less Money, for War. Department.
Nov. - 2^-^The esU-;
mates 1 of the War. Department^ or!the
fiscal year ending' June.30,.1906; aggre
gate $103,686,780. This is ¦?$22,242.
612,less;than«the >. War;. 1 Department
estimate submitted' a '.years ago.' and
$3,882,388 less than, the total, appro
priatlons r imade ifor. the ¦.. use - of .- s the
War, Department for. the < current fiscal
year:endlng June. 30," 1905. •. *. .
HONOLULU. Nov. ; 2.— The Pacific
Mail Company's steamship Manchuria
has arrived here, having among : her
passengers •¦ Prince Fushlmi of \ Japan,
who is. en route' to' the United State3.
The landing of < the Prince -. was; the
occasion of ¦ a big demonstration. Sev
eralI. thousand Jauaneae followed ;'.'; his
carriage' in a street ¦ procession, which
included a number * of veterans of . the
war : between. Japan and China. 'To*
day : is • being: -• observed as a 'general
holiday - by the . Japanese residents of
Honolulu. i^BSSB^fi^BBBJ^^^^Sf
Big Demonstration in Honor of Dis
tinguished Japanese on Way
to America.
HAWAII ' GIVES WELCOME .:'
V - TO PRIXCE FUSHI3II
•ST. LOUIS, Nov. 2.— John A. Sher
idan, a former member of "the House
of Delegates, who waa indicted on a
bribery charge, convicted and sen
tenced to the penitentiary \ for live
years, • is dead at the Jefferson Hos
pital from tuberculosis. Sheridan was
not taken .to the penitentiary., as 'his
case was^ appealed to ; the'i Supreme
Court.' Another indictment," however,
waspendlng against him and his case
has been j set for trial oh\ November.
10. Eleven weeks ago he was taken
to the hospital. ,:
John A. Sheridan, Recently Sentenced
to Prison for Five Years,
Passes Away.
ST. LOUIS BOODLER FALLS.
VICT15I TO TUBERCtJLOSIS
Buoy Is Adrift off Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR, Nov. 2. — The
midchannel bar buoy has gone adrift
SAN- JOSE. Nov. •• 2.— There was a
head-on collision between freight No.
335, which j arrived from Salinas, and
a switch engine at the broad gauge
freight yard this afternoon. A hole
was knocked in the tank on the switch
engine, a flat car was split into kind
ling wood and a carload of mer
chandise was scattered on the ground.
No one was hurt. .
Engine Collides AVIth Freight Car.
WASHINGTON, • Nov. 2.— According
to a circular issued by the" Treasury
Department to-day, there were organ
ized in the United States during Oct
ober forty-three national banking as
sociations with a total capital of $2,-.
775,000, of which twenty-four had a
capital of $665,000, the individual capi
tal being less than $50,000, In 1 some
cases $25,000. These were incorporated
under authority of the act of March 14,
1900. In the same period nineteen oth«r
banks, with a total capital of $2,110,000,
were chartered, the average capital be
ing approximately $111,000. Banks of
the latter class were organized under
authority of the' act of 1864. ¦
A .summary by States of the banks
organized from March 14, 1900, to Oct
ober 31, 1904, shows the following for
the Pacific Coast division: ,
Washington, 10 banks, with a capital
of $625,000; Oregon, 15 banks, with a
capital of $500,000; California, 45 banks,
with a capital of $5,827,800; Idaho, 18
banks, with a< capital of $600,000; Utah.
6 s banks, with a capital of $305,000;
Nevada, 1 bank, with a capital of $200,
000; Arizona, 7 banks, with a capital of
$255,000; total for the Pacific States, 101
banks, with. a capital of $8,312,800.
Forty-Five, With . Six Million Dollars
' j Capital, Started in California in
' Last Four Years. >
SEVER Ali.SJI ALL BANKS .
ORGANIZED { IN THE WEST
FRESNO, Nov. 2. — Deputy Consta
ble Charles Strive ns, who resides hear
Jamison, had a narrow escape from
being killed this morning * during a
dispute with Caspar- Lilly, whom he
had employed to cut wood. Lilly ask
ed for a financial settlement and an
argument arose over the amount due.
Hard language was Indulged in and
suddenly Lilly seized a shotgun and
fired at Strivens, who dodged in time
to escape the buckshot.-- Lilly then
turned an'd ran and' Strivens started in
pursuit with a rifle.- On Lilly's .re
fusal to halt Strivens ' fired • and the
bullet struck Lilly on the head and
glanced off. Lilly then surrendered
and was locked up on a charge of as
sault to murder. . L
Rifle Ball Strikes Caspar Ully on the
* Head and Glances Off .Without .
. ¦•''. Inflicting Any Injury.
Odds on the national result were on
Tuesday forced down to a \*& to 1
basis. To-day the betting on the gen
eral result opened at that figure, but
closed at 5 to 1 on President Roose
velt. In the State fight Judge Herrick
was still a 10 to 7 favorite. Oddsof
2 to 1 were freely given and ¦ taken
that President Roosevelt would carry
his own State.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2. — With elec
tion day but five days off the betting
ring is beginning to grow excited and
large sums of money are being wa
gered. A regular betting post was es
tablished to-day. .
Rets of Two to One TJiat He Will
¦ Carry New York.
ROOSEVEL/T BIG FAVORITE.
THICKNESS OF HIS SKULIi
SAVES HIM- FROM DEATH
TACOMA, Nov. 2.— Because ' he was
carried from Ketchikan to Seattle
against his will, Rev. Thomas Jenkins
of Ketchikan has libeled the steamer
City of Seattle and asked the Federal
court to allow him such compensation
is it finds" proper. On October 10 last
Rev. Mr. Jenkins boarded the steamer
while it was docked at Ketchikan to
bid farewell to friends among the pas
sengers. The sharp blast of the whistle
soon informed him that the vessel was
leaving, and on rushing out he found
the gangplank had been pulled In. He
hurried on the- bridge, demanding of
Captain Nicolson that he be put. ashore.
By that time the steamer was well out
in the stream, and the captain in
formed him that it would be impossible
to land him. A three days' voyage un
der these circumstances' left the i cler
gyman in a very • unhappy state of
mind. He now alleges the. entire trip
was for him a period of the greatest
mental anguish. He left his wife and
children without saying farewell, and
was only thinly clad for a sea voyage.
He thinks the discomfort resulting
from Captain Nicolson's alleged ar
bitrary action entitles him to damages.
CHINESE RECOVERS MOXEY
STOLEN' BY MASKED ROBBER
Interesting Civil Action Growing flOut
of a Daring Robbery Is Tried
' at Weaverville.
REDDING. Nov. 2.— Ah Get, a Chi
nese, lg to recover $579 that he lost by
being held up at a mine near Junction
City, Trinity County, in September.. At
the time of the holdup the Chinese
cook had receipted for the coin, but
had not touched it, when a masked,
armed man, entered the room and
fcrced-him to deliver the money to
him. •
Ah Get brought civil action against
the mine owner for the recovery, of
the coin and Judge Bartlett, In pass
ing the case to the jury at Weaver
ville to-day, instructed the jurors that
if they believed the money was paid
over with the intention of taking it
back by force the Chinaman was en
titled to a judgment. The jury quick
ly, decided that Ah Get was entitled to
the stolen together with in
terest. - :i" ci <^" . '
Wrecked Steamer Is Sold at Auction.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 2,— The
wrecked steamer Boscowitz, lying off
the- north- end of Vancouver Island,
was sold at- auction to-day to Bullen
Bros, of Victoria for $6 2 5. The wreck-
Ing steamer Maud will save the en
gines and machinery.
Fire Destroys Storage Bins.
FRESNO, Nov. 2. — Fire destroyed
the storage bins and one building of
the California Produce Company near
this city this morning. The loss is es
timated at between $20,000 and $30,
000.
• There are seventy-five miners and la
borers In the mine dragging the sump
for the bodies, and it. may require two
or three days before any of the dead
can be recovered. - ' . /\ ' '- ¦
The victims, "who- were- miners and
laborers, resided in Nanticoke and most
of- them leave families.- They were
Poles or" Slavs, with "the exception of
one. John Kemper.
Those who may not have been killed
outright were without doubt drowned
in the sump, which is full fifty 'feet
deep with water.
No human aid could reach them to
night, and every man on the Ill-fated
carriage has been given up by the of
ficials as lost.
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. Nov. 2.— Ten
men were killed and three seriously In
jured by an accident at No. 1 Auchln
close shaft,: operated by the Delaware,
Lacka wanna and . Western Coal Com
pany, at Nantlcoke, early to-day. The
men were: nearly all on the mine car
riage to be lowered to the. workings be
low. The .signal was given to the en
gineer, who . began lowering the men.
The carriage had gone but a few feet
when the engineer lost control of his
engine, owing to the reverse levers fail-
Ing to work, and the carriage, with its
load of human souls, ten In all, dashed
beyond the Ross vein, landing nearly
1100 feet below ( the surface, and from
there they were precipitated 300 feet
farther into a sump.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. NEW YORK,. Not. 2.— On« of the
rcost rousing" receptions of the c«un
p&ign was tf v.en Judge- Parker to-night
at Cooper Union, where he addressed a
large meeting held under the auspices
cf t.he German American Parker Union.
The candidate was substituted for
<Jrover Cleveland, who waa scheduled
originally to address the gathering, but
'was compelled to cancel the engage
ment: All of the addresses were In Ger
man except that of Judge Parker. Carl
Sefcurz presided at the meeting.
The reception given" the candidate
ipcas • a repetition of others that have
b'een given him In New York. The
demonstration continued eight minutes
! before he was permitted to begin his
rpeech. • . .
•Cai1 Schurz in introducing Judgra
Parker said : • v k . : *-:
, It is but a few years since we were a'
¦ country ¦ ll\-ing in harmony with all nations
.fc«K:aute. we caught to do Justice to all na
ijca!«.' W> were the only nation free -from
a stasdirg arrr.y arid secure tn our own laws.'
t\"hat are we now? Under Republican rule w«
: have, reached cut for possessions. We have
¦shot down thoas who were allies in the' Span
-ish war. people who did net wrong us ia any
'wsiy. This party ha« redaced our country to
t^«- depth et buccaneers.
It has helped to rob a weak southern terri
tory en the Panama affair; has commenced
a y«:icy. which. If carried oat, will place us
•en a par with the European nations, of whom
ft' l» said *ach workman carries a soldier on
his. back.
Judge Parker's speech was almost en
.tirely devoted to the subjects of lm
perUnzm and militarism. He said:
' -When we «r>eak of the growth of an '4m
5>eriajl*tic tendency in th'ls country we do not
.n':«an that we have.- cr care to have, a ruler
with the tttle ni Ernneror at the head of the
«j.aenunent or a j>olitical constitution ab:>l
jshing the republic and establishing fon it a
r-.i~s*rchv. Borne' was substantially an empire
'Wore' Caeear's dictat&rsliiD. and France was
•ruled by an Imperialistic policy while,
Iionar>arte still called himself tne Cltlren Con
sul v\ i*»e French reooblic With us the ten
xienc} * taward irrnxjriallsm ia our <Jcvernmeat
¦irwk" tangible shaDe when this republic as
tUraed the po^er to rule over distant and alien
¦f-ountric* and populations, not only without
thrtr conntnt. but distinctly against their will,
and when, ocrre?pcndlng!y. the principles and
Ideals nt had inherited from the founders of
:t-at -republic cave way to ideas as to the
¦'liowrrsi of our <5overnment. which differed
Widelv from Abraham Lincoln's conception of
Ta "democracy, that tt was a "government * of
the people, for the people and by the people."
.When we annexed the Pml:p:ilnej It was
( !,inr not only with complete disregard cf the
rights and wishes cf the people thereof— a dis
jecard. a* abtolute as ever characterized any
f^'tfae conquests of the Roman empire cr of
•.he French empire under Nanoleon — but also
'.with a hardly l ¦-« absolute dirrerard cf the
»-ririt «f cur rresent institutions. The annex*
.-t.-on of the ialan-i* and the subjection by force
.r.the Filipinos righting for their independence
¦»»*¦ as different from the Intention of the
•Ja'.her* as fcoverBcnent by superior artillery i«
Ircm coiernir.ent by the consent of the gov
erned-. '
.. ' Whe.n we contemplate the moral effects ©f
t£e.- oottcy of cenauest and subjugation, as It
Now. what 'was that lesson? " That more
gess - should be mounted ? But did It not
occur to the Secretary that tbe real and far
more important lesson was a very different
one ? Only recall the circumstances under
which the Incident took place.
Great Britain, engared In a boundary dispute
with Venexuela, urged ' her contention with
The imperialistic tendency, armed with that
power will be all the more dangerous when
It Is at the •ame tUne armed with an ample
aupply of fighting material ready for action.
Untn . a very recent period we enjoyed the
priceless blessing of llvlnj In perfect, peace
and s«ourlty without bearing the burden of a
large army and c*vy costing untold ndHJjns
a year— a unique privilege of which other
nations groaning under' heavy military and
naval expenditures, envied us most heartily.
Our Imperialists now tell us that this must
cease to be »d. According to them, we must
have a much larger army In proportion than
before, ar.d our Secretary of the Navy as
sures us that we must have the biggest navy
In the world, whatever the cost.
Have you ever *een anybody able- to give
yon an intelligent and satisfactory reason
why we must ha\e those things? Some say
we must have them to protect our commerce.
I ask. then, has there ever been a elngle mo
ment since the year 'lSlO whin our commerce
suffered In the least from the want of a big
nary to protect it? Others «ay we must have
it to enforce the Monroe doctrine. Was there
ever before or since our Civil War. a single
occo*lon when the Monroe doctrine was, so
to speak, unable to enforce itself without a
big army or navy? Our worthy Secretary of
War. In a recent speech before the Union
League Club Illustrated— without thinking of
It— how unnecessary a big army and navy
Are to us for any of theae purposes. H« said :
"Under the second Cleveland administration
w« were by President Cleveland's mes?a?e on
the Venezuelan boundary question, brought to
the brink of war' with Great Britain. Now,
bow many guns do you think there were on
the coast ? There was Just one modern gua
mounted." . . •
' After the laughter called forth by that,re
mark had' subsided. Secretary Taft continued:
"That taught the P.epubllcans a lesson."
GREATER ARMY AND NAVY
The President may then force a war upon
the country In spite of the adverse opinion of
Congress. He may do this, keeping, as to the
exercise of his powers, within the letter of the
constitution, although flagrantly violating Its
spirit and intent. And he may do this, almost
sure of the subsequent approval and support
of Congress, which, when an accomplished
fact has i>ut our country In an attitude more
or less hostile to a foreign power, is usually
very reluctant to disavow our Government.
We have "an illustration of this in the his
tory of the Panama Canal, it being very doubt
ful whether Congress— even the Republican
part cf It— would have approved the policy
pursued b> the -administration, while the ac
complished fact easily commanded the accept
ance of the majority. ••
This power of th» executive is evidently a
very dangerous one — dangerous to the peace or
the country.- a« well as to the Integrity of our
institutions— unless the President cherishes a
conscientious respect for tbe constitutional lim
itations of his .power and an overruling desire
religiously to observe the spirit and intent as
well as the letter of the constitution, as well
as an Innate love of -peac- and fair dealing.
You may Judge for yourselves how dangerous
Is such a power under the Influence of the Im
perialistic tendency, with the lust of conquest
and dominion. Us love of adventure and ro
tary achievement and its progress to Impul
sive action 'and dramatic display.
This is only an initial attempt to dominate
public opinion in behalf of the Government.
But there will be more of It. if the Imperialis
tic fcp'rit is serciltted to prevail.
In this revpect we -must not fall to keep In
view the treat; power wielded by the Presl
d«m in the conduct of our foreign relations.
The Constitution provides that only Congress
shall have power to declare war. But it is
within th« power of the President, if be de
srres war, to create, by his conduct of our
foreign- relaticni. situations which make war
inevitable. It may happen that on such an
occasion Congress, having opposed war, would
no; consent to it if consulted beforehand; but
it -may be confronted by thing* already dons,
by accomplished facts, which make the es?ap«
from war exceedingly difficult, if not impos
sible.
Now. what does this mean? Democratic
government' Is essentially government by public
discussion. That discussion must be enlight
ened-by the knowledge of the truth as to mat
ten, of public • interest, the fullest possible
information to be frankly furnished by tbe
Government. It must. In order to serve its
end. be actually free; so as to Illume every
side of the question to be decided. And now
we are told that we should not freely discuss
a question of such stupendous Importance as
that whether the* United States should remain
a simple democratic republic or become a
colonial empire: that the principles of our re
public should -not be mentioned in connection
-with the matter lest our colonial subjects hear
of it. and that, as the administration knew
this business best, the people should leave it
1} the administration to determine the course
to be taken concerning it.
PRESIDENT COULD FORCE WAR.
' • It denies it Out with regard to 'the sub
jugated alien population. ' If tbe imperialistic
tendency cccttnues we shall soon have the
seme experience at home. In fast they are
already beginning to appear. . You cannot fall
to notice that whenever you quote the prin
ciples proclaimed in the Deolaration of Inde
peudence in connection with, the case of the
Filipinos you are fiercely assailed as un
patriotic citizens, who are stirring up our sub
jects to revolt. In fact, a member of the
administration, in speaking of the present and
fi ture of the Philippines, stopped little short
of admonishing us that every public discussion
o? that eubject — unless It be In entire harmony
with the policy ot, the administration — should
stop, fqr the reason that It might excite hopfs
among our "subjects" which the administra
tion is unwilling to gratify.
But let rr.e ask them as citizens of a dem
ocratic republic what the true source ot the
Just powers can be if not the consent of the
governed? Is It force? That would be des
potism. Is It wealth? That would be plu
tocracy. Is it the privilege of birth or posi
tion in society? That would be aristocracy.
What remalne. then, as the source of the Just
powers of free government but the consent of
the governed In its ranga and effect regulated
by telf.inade laws? You deny that and you
deny the vital principle of 'democratic insti
tutions. And imperialism does deny.lt.
TRUE SOURCE OF POWER.
haa been carried oa and Is now defended by
the Republican party, w« cannot but feel seri
ous aaxletv as to the permanence of demo
cratic institutions among us. The great prin
ciple* proclaimed by the Declaration of In
dependence — that governments derive their
Juft poweis from the consent of the governed"
— stood substantially unquestioned among us
until the imperial policy of conquest and arbi
trary rule over the conquered \wa» entered
upon. It was recosmlxed as the' very essence
or democratic institutions. Xow it is scoffed at
by many of the leaders of the Republican
party as a- srlitterlna: generality that has. no
practical meaning and application; as baby
talk, fit for the infancy of this nation, but
ridiculous in Its nresent state of power. .In
deed. It la perfectly logical for them to deride
and reject it If they meant to Justify and main
tain their policy of conquest and dominion.
Judge Parker was driven from Cooper
Union to Carnegie Hall, .where ' he { ad
dressed a meeting -under the auspices
of the West Side Parker Independent
Club. In his address _ he said: .< ;
What are the issues •'. upon which you are
called to adiuJge in this campaign?. "In. fact,
they are both few and simple. We have grown
tired of seeing Individuals made rich by legis
lation and we fear the " results - which - have
arisen and will arise from familiarizing: :¦ oar.
citizens with . the ¦ idea that wealth Is to be
acquired , through : Governmental : favoritism.-'-"' -.
' The inntant it Is recognized as accepted doc
trine that the Government of the United States
I a a dispenser of favors,', that Instant - It be
comes—I had almost said the;"duty7 of every
great combination . of capital to ' seek ' to con
trol the Government. The seeds of ¦ disease
were planted : among- us' by ¦< the undue , ex
pansion of the Idea of a protective tariff. "The
vlclou*' circle — undue protection, ' ' that ' riches
may.be unfairly acquired:; contribution of
riches so acquired, that .-undue' protection may
be ! continued and >xtended— became ,' but *too
soon established. Contrast 'this . for a-.mo
ment with tha, ideal of a republic and. do not
m-onder that " imperialism : haa followed * in ¦ due
course." ¦ --:¦••- »* "'¦¦ ¦-?.*¦.-.>.¦--•.•
The ' Philippines as. we have .; administered
them. ' the . Panama . canal - as :¦ we ', have .. ac
quired It. the possibility :» of . our .'suzerainty
over the South -American '.republics,: are /but
the ¦ blossoms 'Of- the • tree ¦ which • we '•' have
watered and . tended. V* - .-'•..'.-.' *-'i.-',-" ¦¦.•l-:,~"\
Judge i Parker, dwelt- upon ¦;< the 'exac
tions of the- trusts J and "continued: :
: -There Is still .-. another i page . to _tht . story.
TALKS TO WEST SIDERS.
Should we not divert our material an well
as mental resources to the building up of our
(treat country, which- Is capable of infinitely
greater development than it has bo . far at
tained, and to the solution of the political and
social problem which surge upon us? --
Should we not cultivate peace and friend
ship with all nations, scrupulously respecting
their rights ni well a* their legitimate feel-
Ings, spreading our commerce over the world
not at the cannon'* mouth, but by intelligent
and Industrious striving for superiority in
friendly competition as to the quality and pro
portionate price of cur goods?.
By *o doing we should present to the world
the Inspiring example of a truly free people.
peaceable, and orderly, self-respecting and
happy (n their freedom and prosperity.
Such an example will do Infinitely more to
advance our own welfare, as well as the peace
and civilization ot mankind, than tny num
ber nf battleshlns and all the splendor of im
perial power.
I ask rou in all soberness, is It not best for
i^J^f^A , W€ ".u bein;r and happiness . of our
VZwZ * nd , for "if Preservation of our free in
stitution*, to which we owe so much of our
growth in comfort, wealth and power, that. In
stead of influUlng our ambition in adventurous
policy cf empire and dominion over foreign
countries and alien populations: Instead of
squandering our substance In wholly unn«c»s
eary war establishment*, at Immense cost; In
stead of sacrificing: the great conservative prin
ciples and high Ideals we inherited from the
fathers to the false glitter of imperial great
ne«s. which at rII periods of human history has
marked the decay and perdition of republics;
Instead of provoking the distrust of all man
kind by the display of armed force : on every
possible occasion which raises 'a suspicion of
vague and hazardous , «ch«mes of restless am
bition lurking in the background— we should
return to the principles .and Ideals which dur
ing the first century of our national existence
have proved so Just and beneficent, so that
government by the people and for the people
may not perish from the earth?
A DANGEROUS PLAYTHING.
It will be apt to produce another perilous
effect. It has often, and not unjustly, been
observed that the frequency of homicide in our
country Is coming in great part to the habit
of many persona in carrying unnecessary • pis
tols on their persons. Likewise a great war
fleet, especially a new one that is not em
ployed in necessary duties, may become a se
ductive and dansrerous plaything. While Ita
advocates unre that it Is to prevent trouble,
it If- Just as apt. by Impulsive and reckless
handling, to cause mlschler. 'When warships
are too liberally flung about the world they
are occasionally exsowd to seductive tempta
tions and troubles. It may become a risk
rather than a nrotection.
You, Mr. Chairman, have had reason to
know what militarism ia and what It means.
You have seen and felt Its bllghtinr power.
The glowing lrrmulses of your young man
w. v y £ ur attach « 1 «nt to the spirit of liberty
which ban characterized Germany from the
days of Tacitus, your yearning for better
things for your country and the world— all
these would clash with martial glory and
power, the inevitable accompaniments of em
pire, whether real or only in shadow.
Your devotion to high Ideals soon earned yos
the admiration of your native land, and It has
been given to you to live in a time when your
warning voice has been raised to avert th«
first faint suggestion that the love of martial
glory and its dangers are not absent from the
greatest republic In the world's history.
. And you. too. the men who listen to me.
know either by your fathers or grandfathers
what martial glory means. It forced many of
you from home In the tender years of your
lives, whfn careful parental nurture was both
your need and your due.
This would have a most unfortunate effect.
Whether we entertain such . plans or not — and
I am confident a large majority of the Amer
ican peosle do not entertain tfcem — the world
will always be dlstruntful of our •, professions
of a Deareful disoosltlon. However smooth
our speech may be in favor of peace con
gress;* and arbitration courts, the world will
tee In the building of large navies, utterly un
necessary for defense, a threat of armed ag
gression — a transformation of the old republi
can policy into an empire preparing for war.
The result will be disquiet among nations.
Every sea Dower will watch with nervous
anxiety each unnecessary addition to our naval
strength, io see in It a reason for making a
corresponding addition to its own. And thus
the road race .in the augmentation of -war
forces, -which has become an oppressive burden
to mankind — tbe curse of the an — will be
stimulated by this republic, instead of being
discountenanced and checked by its good ex
ample of a truly pacific policy. This republic
will thus be a leader of. backward and most
baneful movements. Instead of leadlmr In
humane projects. ¦-.• . -• • .-• '
Now, what Is the les*on of this? Not that
we need big armies and navies for the* de
ftnse of our rights and the enforcement of
our Just demands, but that, whether | we are
armed or unarmed, I every European- power,
even the. greatest and proudest, will go to the
very extreme of possible concession to avoid
a serious quarrel with this republic. Every
sensible man knows that there is not one of
thos* powers which entertains ¦ the slightest
idea of attacking us; that they will readily
comply with whatever we can decently aak
for. and that if we are to have any conflict
with any one cf them we shall have to bring
It on ourselves, by unendurable provocation.
The simple reason is. that aside from what
moral love of peace they may cherish they
can hardly afford to have a serious struggle
with so resourceful and pertinacious an an
tagonist as this republic In view of the poe
s-Sbllity of dangerous complications at home.
Our absolute safety from foreign aggreitElon,
a.* every reasonable person will admit, being
thus assured. I may ask my sober-minded
ccuntrymen for what purpose large armies
and big navies— the characteristic tool - and
fsvorite ornament of empire — may be wanted
by us. Being entirely unnecessary for defense,
is the greatest navy In the world, or any big
navy, the coat of construction and maintenance
of which will run Into the hundreds of mil
lions needed or intended for any other .pur
pose? If not, then the building and main
tenance thereof Is a wanton waste of the peo
ple's money, wicked and unpardonable. - But
It It is designed for any other purpose what
is that purpose? The world abroad will but
too .plainly see In It a design of aggressive
movements on our part.
But what did Great Britain do? The -Tory
Government took President- Cleveland's re
monstrance into respectful consideration and
with graceful kindness assented to the arbitra
tion asked for. . . " -
Great Britain, the mistress of the seas, by
far the greatest naval power of the world,
proud and touchy, with a Tory Government
supposed to be the especial champion of that
prtde, was certainly net used to that sort of
treatment. She probably knew, too. that we
had only one gun mounted on a coast several
thousand miles long. No wonder that. a good
many people expected the British lion to break
out in ¦ a, warlike roar.
GREAT BRITAIN YIELDS.
characteristic posltlveneas. The President of
the United States stepped In a&d substantially
said -to Great Britain: "Stop! You will not
be permitted to Impose your will upon the
little American republic by main strength
without a word from this republic. This mat
ter will have to be arbitrated."
Kxtraordinary powers these, and marking
an extraordinary - faith of a people In its
elected chief executive. - And how has this
administration responded to -this . trust? It
placed at the head of this new department as
the first Secretary of the Department of Com
merce of the United States the private sec
retary of the President When the. campaign
opened the secretary • resigned his office, And
at the request and as the personal representa
tive of the; President became the chairman of
the Republican National Committee.' to bring
about, if it might be, the returnof his patron
to the Presidency. And lest any should err,
it waa at the time of his resignation author
itatively announced that at the termination
ot the campaign he would be summoned again
to the Cabinet to fill another Cabinet office.
I leave It to. you. to say , whether or, not, in
your estimation the vicious' circle is exempt.
Now, all of these are not conditions under
which free institutions can be preserved. We
are not yet prepared for empire. We still
intend that this .shall b« a republic, but it
behooves us to guard Jealously the liberties
which were' transmitted to us.- And if the
unscrupulous use of power by any party or
by any person becomes apparent It behooves
us -to check It by the exercise of the ballot,
the constitutional prerogative given us for that
purpose. And this without : regard as to
whether the exercise of unconstitutional powers
by an individual be malicious or tempera
mental.- -
An example la before us of how the effort
of the people to free themselves from a. bur
den can' be" seized upon 'by the unscrupulous
and Itself made the agency whereby the burden
Is bound more firmly upon their backs. '
The clamor of the people asalnst the trusts
rose to such a. point ; that recognition wu
necessary- A. new department of the Govern
ment was created by the. Department of Com
merce. To that department was Intrusted In
quisitorial power over the sp-eat corporations.
Its head the Secretary of. Commerce, was
made a Cabinet officer. But lest honest busi
ness Interests should suffer, lest unscrupulous
competitor* should take funfair advantage. It
was provided that the results, of the . depart
ment's investigations into the affairs of any
corporation should be confidential. Th»y were
ta be placed Mn. the first Instance at the dis
position of the President. - -
PARKER ASSAELS CORTELYOU.
Engineer Loses Control and
the Men Fall a Distance
of Fourteen Hundred Feet
Vessel Pulls Out From the
Wharf While He Is Bid
ding Farewell to Friends
DKOP WITH CAEEIAGE
Foreign Policy of President Roosevelt Severely Criticized
DID NOT LIKE VOYAGE
ESOPUS SAGE AGAIN BITTERLY ASSAILS CORTELYOU
Asks Damages for Being
Carried From Ketchikan to
Seattle Against His Will
Ten Miners Meet Terrible
Death in the Coal Dig
gings of Pennsylvania
CARL SCHURZ INTRODUCES
THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE
MINISTER SUES
STEAMSHIP LINE
DASHED DOWN
A DEEP SHAFT
PARKER CRILLS REPUBLICAN LEADERS IN A SPEECH WHICH IS DIRECTED AT THE BOGEY OF IMPERIALISM
THE .ISAN vFRANCISGO^GALIi,;;\THURSDAY,^NOVEMBER; 3, 1904.
5
ADVERT1SE3IKXTS. .
SICK HEADAGHE
r— - — I PesitiTelr enjred by
f\ * ITTT DC the S8 Llttle P" 19 *
\jf\ f\ I t f\Q Th? j also rcUere Dts-
mam tress from Dyspepsia, In-
B|H ITTLE dlfeCstloa and Too Hearty
eT. I \/ C" D Eating; A perfect iem-
Kb I V L IV cdj for Dizziness. Nausea.
f5 PILLS Drowsiness. ¦¦ Bad ¦ Taste
fe MB the MoTItl1 * Coated
KSfagM^B ' Toag-ae. Pain In tne Side.
m^^^' _J TORPID' LI V£K.'- They
reynlato Q»« Bowels. ' Purely Vegetable.
StIALLPILL: SMALL DOSE r SMAli PRICE.
CARTERS) cure sick HEADACHE::;?
sBrniE • Genuine Must; Bear-
i IVER • Fac-Simila Signature ,
H PILLS. >& ' -l^ m ' ' ~ : jj
;
"Ah, Mt,- Golden Gale.
¦ {^ad to see yon. Walk
rliht In," said Mr. Wise.
"I don't mind telling .
. you that my best ens* •
(omcrs won't drink any-'
thing bat Golden Gate
Coffee. • • : : i
•'And—now don't &ive -
this away— iood coffee
brings new, and holds
old, trade.
"Yes, you can. make
regular 30 day ship-
• ments so as to keep the
coffee fresh. Good plan
this packing roasted
coffee in aroma-tight
tins."
Nothlag' gees with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bat eatlsf actloa. Me
prises — ao cocpoBS — ao croclteryi
I mad 2 Ib. .rom.-tUkt tlum.
Never sold ta balk.- . . •,-"•'
Ji^ A. Folger <EL Co.
ELata b lieKed txm.lt m. Ce>mttirr
San Franciico
S*~^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i?_c«*i*g C29 eubm' st. Ksub:ub*d
«i^|«^2i;ii 1S34 for tbe treatia'Ot of l*rir»t»
Ft* Jj*JS^ £H»es»es. ls~l M«r,hoo<J. D< bl'.ity or
ISSg'^HS'''- 1 " 1 ** '"'ariogon Iv^rand mlnii and
%2£t*«i5$Sktn Dincsw*. Tb* Ooctorcur's wh»o
nthrnt fall. Try hln. «"haic* low.
r s iiJi«-i>g > eriir»« mnfanlfid. f«I! or write.
T*r. J. F. oi nno>. san Frar-dsco- CaL. .
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
• nsss a an> saz.t meats.
KC W»YI-S & Cl\ *blPP»=* Butcheri. 109
• A2' LylLj tt VV. aay. , TeL Main I»t
X.EAXCT XO07S A2TD SSTiaOXTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
U7«-117& Mission st. Phone Main St61.
OILS.
I.UEK1CATING OILS: LEONARD & EOIS,
41S Front t*.. 6. F. ; Phcne Mala 1719. ,_._
LC ' HHIlfiFC PRINTER.
We Sell the
• ' UvwU
underwear:
in the World at
Wholesale Prices.
SEE OT7S WUIDOWS.
Our compatltori have to charge you 2
proata — the wholesaler"! profit and tbelr
own profit.
We dutrare yon only J proflt, tjeeauje
the roods we do not manufacture oux-
¦elves we huy direct from the mills and
cot off the wholecalez'a proflt.
WE MAKE THE
Best Shirts
IN THE WORLD
And by Selling Them Direct
' from factory to wearer we
save oar customers at least*
25c on every shirt.
8EE OTTB W1SUOWS.
T
Oo«4i rrt«!y Ixekas^e »nd Xsaty Hifiadsi.
EAGLESON & GO.
780-786 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Imcx Anpelea and Sacramento.
Shirt Factory — 533-635-637 Xaxket St.-
No Breakfast Table
. complete without
The Cream of Cocoas,
The Most Nutritious •
. and Economical. .'¦ * 3
CUTLEIRY.
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
x48&*&aM MEN AND WOMEN.
JJERTbi t «. I 4»t^H dUchkrjM.lafisaimkUoaa.
B&B OivuimI \8 IrtltatloDt or olc«rnJoa»
JrVf Hitaitfiiun. of ma coat m»aibr»BMt
I»^ <m rrmn fHtt^ifc Psialest. mad sot sitxts*
KSlTKlElWSCHWmCa. f»at or poUoaoTis.
iflMA HttaXATl.1 RBR S«14 bj BracvlsU,
\M$mMf&%yi\\ I1CX or 1 tilths U.75.
¦e '^qg^GliP'ir H Cire.ilsr Hnt oa twuit
. OCEAN TRAYEX.
" ''.itfic-tf^v. Steamers' Jeav« Broadwar
JCy£" " wharves - (piers 9 and \X).
JSy^ ¦ 8a n Francisco:
Iuil9^l V^l For Ketchikan. Wrinse!.
II \X*S\ I I Juneau. Trwdwells, Hatnes.
1 \ \V£& I SkaKwar. etc. Alaska— II
VA. \\ Ytti *- "»•• Kov - !• *• -IK. 16. a.
2». Dec 1. Chaage to this
\ft5fjj^/' -company*! steamers at &e*t-
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port Towns»nd.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. South Belilnarham.
Bellinsham — 11 a. m.. Nov. 1. «, .11. 1«. 21.-
28, Dec. 1. Change at. Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
Seattle or Tacoma to ZC. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Hnmboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 6. 12. IS. 24. 30. Dec. 6. Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Not. 3. ». 15. 21. 27. Dec. 3. . '
For Los Angeles '(via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. - • .
State of California. Thursday-*. 9 a. m.
For Lea Angeles (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Craz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoe. Port Harford (Saa
Lais Oblspo). Ventura and Hoeneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Nov. 7, 15. 33. Dec. 1.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. 3. 11, 19. 27, Dec. X
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jon del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). JO a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. High:
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing da»-w.
TICXET OJFJriCES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace .Hotel). IO Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Prelffht Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
19 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Butter st.. win
call for and check' bargage from hote!a and
residences. Telephone Excaang* 312.
amsxxoav T.nns. : ;
Plrmotith — Cheroonrr — SontiazaBtoa.
•Fnlnd.Nor.l2.10:3O arolSt. Paul Nov. M
New York Nov. 19lPhiladeIphla. . ,.D«e. »3.
•Calling at Dover for London and Parts.
ATLANTIC TSASSPOBT U3I.
ITew York — XfOadoa Street.
Mlnneap.Nov. 12. 9 am|Mntnka.Nwv.2a7:30 am
Mcmnee.Nov. 19. 9 am>Mesaba..Dec 3. 10 am
soMiinozr zaars.
Montreal Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada....-..- Nov. 12!Southwark Nor. 19
« BID STAR USX.
JTew Tork — Aatwerp— iKjndon — Farl*.
CalllES at Dover for London and Paris.
Finland... Nov. 12!Kroonland ...*.Nov. 2A
Vaderland . Nov. 191 Finland . . . . . . . Dec. 10
WHITE STAS LCTE.
New Tork— Queenetown — LtnrpooL
Oceanic. .Nov. 16. noon ICedrlc. Dec. 7. 5:30 ara
MaJestlc.Nov.23. 10 am Oceanic. Pec. 14. 10 ara
Baltic. XoV. SO. 11 am' Majestic. Dec. 21. 10 am
Boston — Qu««aitown — Iitverpooi.
Cymric November IT
NEW YOU AXS BOSTOV OZBZCT
i To the Mediterraaean.
G1BHALTAB. HAPL23. 6S50 U ALSXA9SUA. ...
FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC .De<u- ». Jan. tt Feb. 25
CRCTIC. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March 1*
FROM BOSTON.
TANOPIC. ......Nov. 19. Jan. 7. Feb. M
ROMANIC :Dec. 10. Jan. 2S. March 11
C. D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
AaaodIdC 6P Ft\ "*"•"• **IM, •(*
flCcflillCd.O.Vile «*«•»« "» "MM-
W VVQiiiy <ji««v»« 0(KCJ llMk n1Mir .
8~ S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
"and Sydney.... Thursday. Nov. 10, 2 p. m.-
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 19. 11 am.
g'. sImaRIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 25. II a. m.
jji.SFSEGKELS ft BROSL Ca,UtS.,TicfetO3ci5a til- .
til- Ml oacs 329 Itaiisi St. Pier 7, racil: >l
COKPaSITIC 6X5X3ALC TTUHSATiiSTIWi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3
bailing ev«ry Thursday lnsteari nt -rfRfiJirA
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier -^n*^
42, North River, foot o£ Morton St.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. ?4.*» and upward GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES A.VD
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI &. Co.. Paclflc Coast
Arents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket , Agents.
Por TT.'S. ara^T Tajrd and /Tallelo.
Strs. General Friable. MontlcelJo and Arrww;
ft-45 a m.. 12:30 p.m.."3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m..
n,' Leave San Francisco Sunday* 9:43 a.m-.
12-30 p-m..'« pm.. 8:3U p.m. Leave Valtejo. 7
a ro . 9 a.m.. 12:30 p."*-. 5 P-™-. 4 P- m - Sun -
days. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. » p.m.. Pier 2.
ft Mission st.: phone Main 15«*. HATCH BRO8.
Weekly CalV SI 'nit Year
APyEBTTST^MTTlVTS^. -^1-j
San Francisco, Thursday, 3 November, 1904.
" . "Quality" Is the keystone In successful business huiWIne: "quality"
i . has made tbe growth of Breuner's the talk of. - tha ¦ Pacific ' Coast.
Axminsler Carpets
$1.75 grade for $1.25
¦ Including two-tone , reds and greens and Persian
V; tans. Some with borders to match; some without.
" Guaranteed quality and expert work people to do the
cutting, sewing and laying.
In buying carpets here you reap the benefit of our
;, intimate knowledge of the business in -all .: its,
branches, as well as being insured against unsatisfac- ;•"
;• -tory. treatment. ; • '«
'C (•Formerly the (^ifbrnia FurnitiirCiCo:)
26lCto Geary St., at Union SquareLEAVES ESTATE TO WlDOW.-^Oakland,
Nov.' 2. — The will of the late George D. Hall
was . filed ; tor probate to-day and shows that
he - leaves an estate • valued , at $13,000 : to his
widow, Louisa.' Hall.' ¦' She - had ¦ recently; se
cured letters of administration under ¦ the ' be
lief that her husband had left no will. Later.
however, she found one and now asks to have
it nrobated. The estate consists of ; #13,000
oath in bank and little else. y«a*«eS&gS$S^w r
. OAKLAND. - Nov.' " 2. -— ''Majah''
Waters, [the negro i ¦character, "who 'died
Monday night at the'County Infirmary ,'
will be buried -to-morrow afternoon at
1 ¦ o'clock r from ) Leitch & ; Henderson's
parlors, -; Eighth, street and i Broadway.
Funeral services will be '\ conducted '-, by
the Rev. O." E. ; Jones, pastor o£" the
African" Methodist ¦ Churcla. :
"5fajalj" Waters' Funeral.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— A. W. Martin,
70 years old, died on the , Seventh
street local train at 6: SO to-night
while on his way home at 1311 How
ard street, San Francisco, in charge of
William-' Younghouse, a nurse from
Providence Hospital. ' Martin ' haft
been sent there for an operation," but
Dr. L. L. Riggin, the physician, told
the old man that his condition was
too critical to, warrant surgery. .Mar
tin started for San \ Francisco,' saying
he would die at, home. He was a
Grand Army /veteran. The^ Coroner
took charge of. the case, r : '?' • v
Dies on Seventh -street Train.
OAKLAND, Nov.. 2.— Henry .Morse*
Stephens, . professor of history at' the
University of .California, --to-day gave
his. second lecture . in. the, course ; of-, the
French Revolution; '; Professor^ Steph-'
ens treated to-day, of Mirabeau as the
leader, of the. Third Estate in the Na
tional Assembly. . ;".
He traced the movement • from the
organization of the States TJeneral and
the subsequent secession of, the . Third
Estate to the events of October, 1789, •
when .Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette
were compelledto go to Paris. ',; '
* ' The third 'lecture "will';- treat of
Lafayette. It will be delivered Novem
ber 16. V ;
Delivers Second Lecture in His Course
on the French Revolution • to ¦-- ' •¦ < !
Oakland Center.
PROFESSOR STEPHENS
TREATS OF MIRABEAU
MarMace Licenses,
OAKLAND, Nov. — The following
marriage, licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Julius H. Dohr
mann, 23, and Mollie 'Smith, 18, both
of Oakland; Arthur L. Schaffer, 24,
end Ruth R. Harlow, 20. both of Oak
land; William F. Young, 43, and Mary
R. Hadley, 42, both of Berkeley; Car
rol L. McComb, over 21, and -Bertha
Cmith, over V*. both of Alameda;
•George PetradC- 26, and Lennie Hop
per, 21, both of San Francisco; Frank
Zeigler, 21, and Viola Redmond, 21,
both of Sacramento; Thomas B. Hop
per, 39. and Bertha Lucia, 39, both of
Oakland; Charles F. Sau.er. 6ver 21,
and Amanda Grodhaus, over 18, both
of Oakland. ' •
"If a man willtake a beating rather
than get drunk, I think 'he is a good
man. to let go," commented Judge
Geary. "I believe this man's story.'
He -is acquitted and : discharged from
custody." • '. .,..-'. - -¦ :
OAKLAND, Nov. 2. — Although five
persons, including Policeman McKee
gan, testified to-day in the Police
Court that^ Richard Remmelin, a street
laborer, was drunk on Monday when
he was arrested, acting Police Judge
W. J. Geary acquitted the man be
cause he told such an unusual story.
Remmelin . insisted that he had been
attacked by fellow-workmen who had
beaten him into a- dazed condition to
compel htm to get drunk "with triem.
To save himself Remmelin said he
took one drink, but that he-was suf
fering from the effects of the attacks
when he was Arrested.
"Laborer Tells Story in Police Court
That Wins Him Acquittal on. a
Charge of Drunkenness.
TOOK HARD BEATING -
, r : ; RATIIER THAN CAROUSE
' SECOND ¦ TRIAL 1 '-. BEGINS.-^OAKLAND,
Nov. 2.— The second trial of the suit for $35, •
000 ' damages .brought ' by Mary < Kennedy,; a
young -..woman. 7 for Injuries . received ' by - being
struck : by .: a * car, . which necessitated ', the am
putation : of ' her ' leg, was :; begun before Judge
Melvin to-day. In a former trial' of the case
a nonsuit was wanted. .,; w -• ,i--:
'-, CARRIED \ INTO SAN „ FRANCISCO.— Oak-,
land, Nov.' • 2. — The .. effort that ' has been \ made
to'-"! stop ,.i the ¦ construction • ¦ of ' the i so-called
1,'mlnes t road'.' . up ; to • Mocho Creek * from : Liver
more ¦' to ; the' ; raagneslte . mines .- has , been •" car
ried Into the ' San * Francisco courts.?. Upon : the
application • of -W." J. i Donovan Judge . Eloss - of
San I Francisco I has | Issued I a writ of I review to
be i heard i next "..Tuesday. :¦ This V question s> has
already;, been I settled I by I the Alameda ' County
courts, ? Judge : Ogden i having i ordered i the \ work
' NOISE • WORRIES MOTHER-IN-LAW.—
Oaklard.: Nov. 2.— Edward i P. . Wiehe • to
day sued George R M. Gray for $100 * dam
ages and to have a pumping plant declared a
nuisance. ¦¦.¦ Mr. Wiehe says that, the noise of
the . pump worries ¦ his mother-in-law, . whq • Is
not In ; good • health. • . -j'^8gMgtpB^ggftiifttH8>"*SM[
WJFE GETS BAKERY.— Oakland,, Novi. 2,—'
By the will of the late Louis Wunn,' who died
while on a trip to Germany, his widow,- Mar
garebta Wunn, inherits a piece of realty situ
ated at Twenty-sixth and Grove streets, which
Is valued • at $6000. v The : property Is occupied
as a store and bakery. '^ ¦».'- ¦;
¦ AGED '¦" WOMAN'S SUDDEN ' DEATH.—'
Oakland. . Nov. . 2.— Mrs." ' Henrietta. ¦ Rosen
berg,', wife of Jacob ' Rosenberg, r died • suddenly
last night : at her. residence, ' 1039 Linden street,
from heart' trouble.- Mrs. . Rosenberg was ¦ ac
tive I in i Jewish circles. . She .was 64 . years old,
a ' native of Germany. . : Her .' husband and six
children survive. tga«^ W.iffiltllMMMgMgftMa
MESSENGER BOT DISAPPEARS.—Oak
land. Nov.'. i. — John Halock, 16 years, old,
a Western 'Union Telegraph Company . mes
senger boy. residing at 1 1663 Sixteenth- street,'
has disappeared. He left the telegraph office
Monday morning to deliver a message and has
not returned. _ ¦, ¦¦ . ¦ <
PROFESSOR STAFFORD VERY ILL.—
Oakland, Nov. 2. — W. A." Stafford, profes
sor of mathematics ' at : the : Oakland High
School, residing ¦ at - 432 ¦ Waleworth < avenue,
was ' taken this afternoon to Fablola Hospital
for an Operation for aitbendlcitls.' \ His ' condi
tion is alarminsr.
JUDGE MELVIN. RETURNS.— OAKLAND.
Nov.* 2. — Judge Henry Melvin has returned
from - a campaign , tour - of a week spent : in
Humboldt County.* He toured that | county In
behalf of J.. N. Gillett, nominee for Congress,
and the Republican party generally.
MRS. BLASDEL'S FUNERAL.— Oakland.
Nov. 2. — The funeral of Mrs. Sarah J. Blasdel,
widow of former ¦ Governor Henry G. Blasdel
of Nevada', will be held to-morrow afternoon* at
1 o' clock - from the Blaadel residence, » Orange
avenue and • Eafet . Twenty- fourth street. Fruit
vale. • . •
PARISH FAIRS IN OAKLAND.— Oakland.'
Nov. 2. — St. Anthony's fair In East Oakland
was closed on All Saints night, but will run
for 'the rest of the week. St. Patrick's fair
at West Oakland cloned .Monday evening after
a successful run. ¦ • . . .... • ,,
ANNUAL BALL.— Oakland, Nov. 2.— The
annual ball of the Cooks' and .Walters' Asso
ciation will be held to-morrow night at Ger
manla Hall. The grand march will take place
at 0 o'clock, and supper will be served during
the evening. •
OAKLAND NEWS.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2. — The quarterly
convention of the Alameda\ County
Dental Society was opened this after
noon in the Physicians' building. A
dinner was given this evening. 1 Dur
ing, the day papers on technical sub
jects were read by Dr. P. M. Weuller
min of Chicago, Dr. A. F. Merriman,
Dr. R. E. Gilson, Dr. W. R. Hughes,
Dr. W. F. Schwaner, Dr. C. F. Jarvls,
Dr. J. L. Pease, Dr. CO. Edwards,
Dr. E. E. Lancaster, Dr. C. L. God
dard, W. L. •Friedeman, M. D.; Dr.
D. C. Gilbertson and Dr. J. F. Mc-
Math. . '
Dentists Hold Convention.
The pair were married at St.- Pe
tersburg, Russia, in 1882, and have
eight children. Of late Hollonquist
has been abusing his wife and last
night he not only kicked her down
stairs, but broke the piano. She had
him > arrested and then saw some at
torneys about bringing rfn action for
divorce. As, soon as he could get his
freedom he returned to his home and
repeated the performance and was ar
rested a second time.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2. — -Angry because
his wife had him arrested' for bat
tery, C. Hallonqulst returned to his
home at 2131 Oregon street, Berkeley,
to-day, after being liberated- on $50
cash bail and smashed all the furni
ture in the house. He was arrested a
second time and is now in the County
Jail here.
Frees Himself of Her Charge of Bat
tery and Returns to Vent "
Splt« on Her.
HALLOXQUIST REPEATS
THE ABU§E OF HIS WrFE
PORTRAIT OF THE WITNESS
TAKEN WHEN SHE WAS A
LEA DING OAKLAND BELLE.
"A' report that . Professor " E. . H.
Twight is to leave the University of
California is incorrect. Professor
Twight 'is to remain a member of the
faculty of the. University of California
and .to continue his valuable work in
investigating vine diseases, viticultural
methods and viniflcation. He will con
tinue also In his instruction of ..stu
dents in the principles of viticultural
"science."
i BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— A Quietus
wagvput I upon rumors:: that Professor
E. H. .Twight had resigned from the
university faculty when' th'e ' college
authorities made an* official announce
ment to-day, reading aa follows: "
Professor Twisht. to Remain.
Grinning Jack o' lanterns lighted the dark
corners and through the meshes of a huge cob
web the glowing eyes of a skull gleamed In the
duxk. Games, fortunes and' a bounteous feast
were all parts of a merry evening, and after
supper the young people danced until a . late
hour. Prises were given for the games, among
the lucky ones being Misses Margery McGlnnts.
Ruth Farley and Shirley Weber and Bain
Campbell. Among the invited ones were:
Emily Arlett. Margaret McGlnnls, Qenevieve
Sturm, Sylvia Salinger. Ruth Farley. Ramona
and Lucille Radcllffe. Ruth McDaniel, Shirley
Weber. Walter Thelin, Bain Campbell, Howard
Kinsman, Georce Mcllwayne, Fred B1r«1ow,
Hugh Helton, Leland Shay, Albert a and Otto
Kuerzel, . .' , ' - . T >
The Halloween party at * Miss ¦ Oretchen
Kuerzal's Monday evening was one of the. most
original and delightful affairs of that particu
lar season. Black cats and witches — myriads
of them, great and small — adorned the walls
and every avaiable nook.
Lovers of good music are looking forward
to a real treat next Tuesday, when Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Gutterson of Berkeley will ' give the
first of a delightful series of concerts. They
have Inaugurated a plan, unique here, of giv
ing paid concerts at a private residence. Mrs.
Allen G. Freeman having placed her beautiful
new home at their disposal for the series.
Mr. Gutttrson's art as a oellolst Is too well
known to need comment, and those who have
beard Mr*. Gutterson at the piano are eagerly
awaiting this opportunity to hear her again.
'She is -a pupil of Bauer, the pianist, who re
cently carried San Francisco by storm.
• • •
During the evening Miss Marie Gambruno
and Miss Amelia Pepplno were beard' In sev
eral pleasing, vocal numbers. '
Miss Ethel Bigelow and Miss . Emily Jones
were hostesses to fifty or more young people
Monday evening at a leap-year dance. Enter
prise Hall was engaged for the occasion and
made atti active with gay Japanese lanterns,
graceful pepper boughs and dozens of potted
plants. Over the table, where supper was
served, "a big red heart swayed from the cen
ter of a veritable canopy of hearts. Sweetpeas
and smilax adorned the festal board itself, the
whole effect being strikingly pretty.
The Daughters are now . getting ready for a
"loan exhibit" at the home of Mrs. Charles
W. Kellcsg. .
Oakland has' a great many old families with
precious and ancient heirlooms, which see the
light of day only on such occasions, so they are
always viewed with an awed and -reverent in
terest. Some of those entitled to distinction
as descendants of the first Americans are Mrs.
Ueorge W. Percy. Mrs. Harry Maxwell Mrs.
D. W. C. Gasklll, Mrs. Giles Oray.iJ Mrs. B.
C. Dick, Sin. George- Sterling, Mrs. A. S. Car
man, Mrs. K. M. Gibson and Mrs. G. Hllyard.
' The Daughters of the American Revolution
promise to become an active factor in this
beason's social activity, the local chapter be
ing prolific of plans for the winter.
The little Church of the Advent, which vies
with St. Paul's in popularity at euch events,
is to.b* the scene of the wedding, and those
who know say the bride is sure to be lovely,
her crown and other appointments are all so
artistic The "bridal robe * is of white crepe
de .chine, embroidered with pearl beads'. Miss
Huth Frierdon will be maid of honor and four
girt friends. Miss Julia Harrington, Hiss Kath
arine Lloyd, Miss Eadie McDowell . and Mlas
Alice McDowell, will officiate as bridesmaids.
Clifford House will attend the groom.
Cupid has been on a strike this week'evi
dently, or taking, perhaps, a much needed
vacation. At* any rate wedding: bells have
hung silent for days. To-night, however, they
will peal Joyously for an East Oakland bride,
Miss Myra Frlerson, who Is to wed J. ¦ Sher
man McDowell. The groom is well known
in this -city, being the buslne£9 manager of
the Tribune.
fund of immediate knowledge and what he !
has to say is sure to be said In an interest
ing way. ,
To- morrow evening Jack London Is to tell of
his recent experieaces In Japan for the benefit
of the Ucme Club. Aside from his personal
Interest as a successful writer Mr. London
comes to us fresh ¦ from the Orient with a ,
OAKLAND, Xov: 2.— While Russia and Ja
pan continue to furnish "sc&reheads" for the
daily papers they will continue to be inter
esting platform: topic*. . ~
Bj Zoe Green Radcllffe.
CLUB TOPICS.
MILLIONS LEFT
TO HIS HEIRS
SAYS RUSSIA
WILL DECLINE
Will of the Late Samuel
Alexander Disposes of a
Great Amount of Wealth
Fate of Eome Hangs Over
Slav Empire According
to Eabbi Eriedlander
The finances of the North Shore Rail
road, which recently passed to the con
trol of A. "W. Foster, president of the
California Northwestern, are in a bad
shape. Yesterday it became known
that the corapani had defaulted In th«
payment of its semi-annual Installment
of interest on Its bonded Indebtedness,
which was due the previous day. Lo
cal financiers are speculating; as to
what action the bondholders will take.
A. 'W. Foster, who succeeded John
Martin as . president cf the road, . Ad
mitted yesterday that tha Interest had
not been paid, and was unable to say
what move the officials of tha com
pany would make; but he did not give
evidence of any great uneasiness.
The amount due the bondholders, is
$87,500, representing the semi-annual
payment of 2% per cent on $3,500,000,
the latter being protected by a mort
gage on the company's property, held
In trust by the Mercantile Trust Com
pany of thl3 city for the Eastern syndi
cate that furnished the money for
financing the railroad project. Presi
dent Foster . admits that the North
Shore has -been unable to meet Its ob
ligation. • ¦ • .
He remarked that he did not think
that the bondholders' were worrying,
however, for no calls had been made
on the company's treasurer for the
amounts due them. When asked if he
was prepared to state when the com
pany would likely be able to pay the
interest President Foster said:
I really do not know when we can mak* this
'payment. The truth Is w* hav* bean strug
gling along, and the company has not. made
enough money to meet the payment. Under
the law we hare six months In which %o pay
the Interest before the bondholder* can fore
close. It may bj» som« time befor* the matter
la straightened out,- but I am hopeful of over
coming the financial difficulties. At present,
how«ver. the earnings of the road are barely
sufficient to meet the operating expenses of
the company. ¦ ¦
That the North Shore road was in a
bad way has been a matter of general
knowledge for some time In the local
financial . world, and ¦ this fact- Is sup
posed to have, prompted the John Mar
tin syndicate to undertake- , the dis
posal. of. the road. '. : \t .was ; first offered
.to the Santa Fe Company/.' which- re-j
fused it>on the ground, '"as"; stated* by.
Cap'afn A. H. J-aybon. assistant to,
President RIpley. that the -price ( de
manded by the Martin jyndL-ate waa
too 1 high, i ¦ Later j John \ Martin . went
Cast J and , shortly , after he left ¦_ this
city It became' no'.«M.. around ;that: : he
was trying to float the road on the New
York market. Meanwhile . savers!;. of
the 'original' combine ¦ which purchased
the road from th<? North Pacific Coa3t
Company withdrew, fjrom the North
Shore - Company and the financing of,
the corporation . devolved mainly on
John Martin and Eugene de Sabla.
A- deal' for the transfer of the road
to Foster .was 'effected In August '.last
and Immediately after he'fuccseded
Martin as president and selected a new
board \pt directors, the members -of
which 'are .his personal friends." ? •';
Although President Foster persistent
ly den fed that the Southern Paotfle. or
any -/other big corporation was behind
him;in-th& acquirement of the- North
Shore road, sttae local financiers^ were
strongly. Inclined to. favor, the- story
of the street that Foster was merely
acting for E. H: Harriman. Yester
day's default, however, would suggest
that the Harriman syndicate* is not
connected with the deal, for it }s ar
gued that Harriman would not" have
permitted the credit -of one of hia cor
porations to be discredited 'by a de
fault in the" payment of Interest to
bondholders. . • ' . * r . . -
The officials of the Mercantile Trust
Company, declined Jo make any state
ment regarding the failure of the road
to pay its interest. A prominent banker
volunteered the statement that he was
sure that President Foster, who stands
high In the regard of local banks, will
be able to get out of his present trou
bles with the North Shore. Of the out
standing bonds it was explained that
$2,500,000, while nominally first mort
gage bonds, cannot be foreclosed until
the prior claim of the first $1,000,000
has been paid.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 1.
Rabbi Frledlander told the ladles* of
the- Oakland .Club something;- about
Russia and the Crar^s Government to
day.,. The -'Rabbi declared -that the
Slav empire -would fall, as did Rome.
Dr. Friedlander declared that Russia
was an Asiatic and not a European
state; that the people, even the nobil
ity, were educated only In books, and
declared the Czar to be the greatest
dictator in the world. Said the doctor:
Geographically, ethnologically and politically
Russia Is to-day exactly what she was In the
sixteenth and seventeenth centuries before the
conquest; of the Baltic provinces by Peter the
Great, essentially an Asiatic state.. She has
nothing In common with Europe or Europeans.
This has been shown In her acts toward other
nations in - the recent troubles. - and by her
shifty and untrustworthy diplomacy. Russia
may have culture, but it Is the culture that
consists only of a knowledge of books and not
the,culture that consists of a knowledge of the
human spirit. ' ' ¦
3IIXER AT GOLDFIELD
MAKES' A VALUABLE FIND
Uncovers a Ledge of Radium and Is
About to Perfect Arrangements
. for Working the Property. /¦
RENO. Nev., Nov. 2. — Wllllajn
Moore, a miner, has uncoveretl a ledge
of radium at Goldfteld and has 'gone
to San Francisco to perfect arrange
ments for working the property.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway," Nov. 2.
The will of the late, SamvelT. Alex
ander, the millionaire Hawaiian sugar,
planter, was filed for probate this af
ternoon. Mr. Alexander died recently
in South^Africa, where he was looking
for sugar lands, and was buried on the
banks of Lake' Victoria Nyanza. His
estate Is estimated to be worth about
$1,000,000 and he disposes of It as fol
lows: -
To each of his brothers, William D.,
James M. and Henry M. Alexander, he
bequeathes $15,000; to his sisters, Mary
Alexander, Mrs. Annie Dicky and Miss
Charlotte. Alexander, $15,000; to his
nephews, Charles Frederick Alexander
and William G. Cooke, $5,000, and to, his
niece,- Helen 'Alexander. $5000; to each
of his children, Annie Alexander, Wal
lace M.' and i Juliette Alexander and
Martha M. Waterhouse, he leaves 1000
shares each of the capital stock of the
Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany and also to each of them 300
shares of Pala Plantation Company
stock. ieOSxvffliSWKi
' He appoints his widow, Martha Eliza
Alexander,' : executrix : of his .estate
without '-¦, bonds makes her the
residuary of his estate, be
sides what he has bequeathed. He also
ratifies a ' transfer of stock to his son
Wallace of his Interest in the firm of
Alexander. & . Baldwin, at Front- and
Market streets, in San Francisco.'
; Deceased was 'one of the ardent sup
porters of the revolutionary movement
in the Hawaiian Islands and aided
materially in their annexation to the
United Bt&XeBj<WKBKtiBBE8BB3BBB3&Bi
COMPIJ2TE CHURCH". PURCHASE!.—Oak
land.; .-: Nov. r. 2. — The . trustees "of. Asburjr
Methodist ' Church • South have completed the
purchase of the former Plymouth Avenue Con
gregational Church : property on Plymouth ave
nue near - Telegraph avenue. The purchase
price, $6000, Includes -the lot, church structure
and all fittings except. the pipe organ. •-.
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— Under or
ders of the War Department Private
J. B. Smith of the Twenty-fourth Bat
tery, Field Artillery/ at the Presidio",
San Francisco,', ; will be' t discharged
without . honor from the . army by the
commanding officer of his station on
account- of-, having become disquali
fied for service physically through his
own misconduct." 1 This soldier is en
titled, to - travel .pay. First Class ¦ Ser
geant Emil .Walter, of the. hospital
corps,. upon the expiration of the fur
lough granted him from ., the Philip
pines division," will • be sent to Fort
Apache, Ariz.; for duty instead, of re
turning to Company B of the hospital
corps at /the Presidio, San Francisco,
i Orders to. officers of the navy — En
sign D. Lyons > is detached . from the
Hancock . at* the navy -yard at New
York, November 15, and ordered to
the Asiatic station, sailing from San
Francisco about December 1. . « • Ensign
O. Hill is" detached from the Holland.
November 15, and ordered to the Asi
atic," station, * sailing • from San Fran
cisco December l.
. ¦ EXPERT IN LICENSE OFFICE.— Th« Su
pervisors'- Finance . Committee - has employed
Douglas j Yoang - to . expert ¦ the books : and ac
counts in the License Office for the purpose of
devltsln? ' a » new • system ' of recording " rMtlsta
for liceajw taxes. £j££EasraHBHnsttHinMM
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— The story of
two supposed tramps who turned out
to be train' robbers is x told here by
Samuel Hume, a Wells-Fargo Express
messenger, who has just returned
from his route in Oregon. He states
that the Overland freight, that pre
cedes the traJn he was on, was held
up by two men between Chico and
Biggs at 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. ¦»
He says that two men were discov
ered riding in a box car by a brake
man. . The train was stopped and the
engineer and conductor started to put
the men off. When they were all to
gether the tramps drew pistols and
held up the crew. While one man
kept the crew covered the other rifled
their pockets. A negro laborer lost
$50. It is believed that they intended
to hold up the train following them,
but their plans miscarried. Three
sticks of dynamite were discovered In
the car in which they, were riding.
Turn Tables oh Railroad 'Hands Who
Had Prepared to Eject
Them. v '¦';';?';
TWO TRAMPS HOLD UP
CREW OF, FREIGHT TRAIN
Railroad Company Fails to
Pay Amount of Semi-An
nual Interest on Its Bonds
; A new marine reptile, representing
a hitherto -unknown ; v form' .of swim
ming creature, has been" discovered In
the Hosselkus limestone in . the: upper
triassic ¦ of £ Shasta 'County, : according
to " Professor^ John v C" Merriam,. head
of the geological i department of , the
University. of California..
In a bulletin, -issued' to-day, descrlb-'
ing the strange creature, Professor
Merriam gives .the ; credit . for the dis
covery of the reptile J to Miss A. 'M.
Alexander,.' 'who, Professor
Merriam, "has not- only contributed
generously < to the- financial support of
the work on the ; vertebrates .-: of % ' the
marine: triassic, but -was -herself -the
discoverer ; of the : type specimen fur
nishing the largest- part of our inform
ation concerning, the group. "
The find includes.' the anterior two
thirds of the skull! and a: portion ; of
the temporal region; also parts' of over
thirty ' vertebrae, . numerous fragmen
tary ribs, the principal elements of the
pectoral and pelvic arches and a con
siderable portion of an anterior limb.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
- 2148 Center Street, Nov. 2.
There were signs of smoldering re
bellion yesterday when the seniors re
sented openly the order to form In
front of North Hall in what they called
"grammar school fashion." To-day the
The demonstration was a direct re»
suit of Nance's official order.
Issued yesterday, directing that all the
men of his class form In regular sec
tions, under the control of a "mon
itor," before entering North Hall,
where his instruction is given. .The
men had incurred the commandant's
displeasure a week ago by shuffling
into his classroom in what he called
"schoolboy fashion.". The commandant
determined to insure better order and
issued a. bulletin, assigning sections
in the classroom to certain bodies of
men and particular rows of- seats for
subdivisions of the section. Each dl^
vision had a monitor, who waa di
rected to preserve order. .
SIGNS OF REBELLION.
j . For. an . hour the throng surged be
fore the steps of j North Hall, defying
the university authorities and making
mock of all the .attempts devised by
the faculty to persuade them to i dis
perse. • .¦';¦ ..¦ •<__ ¦-- • •
PROFESSOR SHOUTS "COWARDS."
. Professor Setchell. one of the most
revered of the faculty, called, them
''cowards," referred to them as "men
without honor." bade them feel
ashamed and assured them that they
were bringing disgrace upon their uni
versity. He begged them to remem
ber that their "riotous conduct would
be known at Washington," and urged
that they consider the stain the uni
versity, name would bear because of
their conduct. He assured them that
Sacramento would know of the dis
turbance, and that it would be re
garded with dismay by the' State au
thorities. .
. 'The professor's remarks, fell, ap
parently, upon deaf ears. The crowd
of students that surged around him
yelled: "Down In front." They
whistled and hooted, yelled for the co
eds to "take off their hats." and cried
"Nancy — Nancy— we want Nancy,"
In derision -of their military in
structor, who acts as professor of
military- science and tactics.
W. H. Dehm, president of the A. S.
U. C, who was In the crowd, was
pelted with grass and hustled about,
helpless. •
BERKELEY, - Nov. ; 2. — No more
sensational: scene has ever been wit
nessed at the University of California
than, that provided this afternnon by
the students under Captain J. T.
Nan'-- mlliary instructor. A demon
stration took place on . the campus
and | three hundred of the captain's
class openly mutinied, ¦ refusing to
march into his classroom in the man
ner prescribed by him or in any other
manner! They hooted and; jeered
Professor. W. A. Setchell when he
sought to reason with < them, and
shouted.with joy when a mock. figure
of Captain Nance : , was put on a pedes
tal before them. '.-..-'.. . ... . /,. :
Captain Nance refused to discuss the.
matter until - he had conferred with
President Wheeler. . --,rv .••-:'". ',<''
The appeal was an impassioned one,
but was not heeded. Instead of the
revered and dignified professor speak
ing:, it. might have been the wind sigh
ing • along . the eaves of North Hall.
The men 'continued to 'Jeer and. hoot
and yell * their contempt for Captain
Nance and his. military order, :_
In front of Professor Setchell, not ten
feet, distant,, was again perched | the
youngster with the bell, and the^boy
again, rang It," to the crowd's 'apparent
delight. Not until the men were worn
out with their exertions did they, cease
and leave the, spot. Jt*"i"^7i' -»---u
"I thought there 'were some men In
this college," 'cried Professor Setchell,
"but I was mistaken. I consider that
you are cowards, without a sense of
honor, willing to disgrace .yourselves
and your university. I . see men here
whom I know and .whom I grieve to
behold In such a demonstration as,
this. Be assured that there will be
more to this and that the end is not
In sight for • you who are responsible
for this affair." ' > . ,-,;
SETCUELJi'S EFFORTS FAII*.
Captain Nance went promptly to his
classroom at 4 o'clock, but there was
no class to meet him. While he, stood
quietly in the 'classroom, awaiting de
velopments the faculty called upon
Professor W. A. Setchell. a beloved In
structor, to address- the mutinous stu
dents. Professor Setchell took his
stand in the center of the mob and
tried to make himself heard, but he
failed. . ;:¦•."-'-.";
At 4 o'clock a band of students ap
peared with a six-year-old boy in their
midst. The youngster was attired in
military uniform, with a huge placard
on his chest labled, "Captain Nance.
A military,, cap. was , perched on his
baby curls. In his hands waa a school
master's bell. On the shoulders of the
brawny upper classmen the child was
perched, ringing , the bell, while the
crowd, cheered and ] howled Its appre
ciation of the travesty upon Captain
Nance's alleged attempt to put the
classmen under "schoolboy discipline."
word was passed along that a demon
stration of a spectacular sort against
Captain Nance and his odious order
would occur at the time^set for the
first march of the men Into the class
room. A crowd gathered In anticipa
tion of the demonstration and fully a
thousand spectators witnessed the af
fair.
At tfce time eet for the entrance of
the students to the building: they were
a mob and not In military formation.
The feeble attempts of the monitors to
preserve order went for nothing.
Juniors, sophomores and seniors In
squads swept up and down the walk in
front of the building, -' pandemonium
reigning.
Clods of dirt and bunches of ' grass
went flying in all directions. Youths
with tin boilers beat them noisily.
There were ' vagrant yells that finally
settled down Into a steady call^ of
"Nancy— Nancy— we want Nancy!"
Appeal for Order Is Fruitless
NORTH SHORE
HARD PRESSED
Bulletin Issued at Uni
versity: Giving:
of tlie Unique Saurian
CBEATUEEIS DESCEIBED
Aijer Ralph ¦ Blair had testified
against hie mother she smiled at him,
and he took his seat at her request be
tide her. After the trial she spoke to
her guardian, Wright, -and he helped
her on with her coat and they left the
courtroom together. The case will go
on in the morning. g&Cjfl
"I* knew ther'e, $ere suits being
pressed- against, iiim and that he was
anxious "to get "rid of the .trusteeship."
answered Chapman, "but I had no per-"
conal .knowledge of the facts; besides
Lady Buller is -not an unsophisticated
¦woman: I believe she had 'some knowl
edge of the . racing venture. She -has
been on 'the track for many years and
can place a bet as well as I can."
Ralph Blair, Lady Buller's son,, took
the stand an'd said that he believed his
mother Incapable of managing her own
affairs. ¦" . *. .r\ . -
"Don't ytfU know > " continued Fitz
gerald, ."that Wakeman squandered the
»oney obtained from'. mortgaging the
building at 'Pina and Batter>' streets at
the racetrack; ttat he robbed her of
rnoney. -obtained from" the 6ale of 200
chares of tbe'stpek of the Bank of Cali
fornia, valued at between 5400* and $500
a share?" * ,
. *T>o you think i.t was evidence of san
ity for a.refined; cultivated woman to
be associating with Barroteau?" • .
"I«dld not kno\r. his -reputation at that
toe.". \ •• • ¦
*"Well, how do you account for the
•fact that you acted while as trustee as
attorney for Baron ' A. A. Barroteau
and attempted to get letters of guard
ianship for him?' • . •
"That was a move to" try and head
off the move you made" on this side of
the bay, "but you were too quick for
me." •• . ..: ,:¦'>¦¦¦¦::¦ --.¦:.
. "I" suppose you thought her perfectly
eane when- she made you trustee?"
fcskea Fitzgerald. . : . * '. .
• "I did," replied Chapman.
' "And you think she has been sane, do
you not?"
. OAKLAND, Nov. 2.-*-Apain have the
legal reserves of. the unfortunate Lady
¦Yarde- Duller been called to defend her
alleged right to be restored to capacity.
This afternoon Judge W. E. Qreene and
a- jury listened to arguments presented
by the lady's attorney in which, it was
desired to show that the' daughter of
the house of Klrkham Is able to man
are her own affairs. Some time has
passe J sinoe she was discharged from.
a J^nitnHnm where she was treated
for ."temporary insa.n5.ty." £*» y
' Lady Yarde-I^uller "was on the stand
In her own behalt and testified that
her guardian, George T. Wright, had
prevented her from visiting her son
.Arthur upon his death bed. The wit
ness burirt into tears"as she falteringly
.told the etory. The witness also testi
fied that she had reached the age of
.64 'years and that* the fortune amount
¦Ing .to nearly a quarter of a million
.dollars, left her. by her father. General
,'Kirkham, had dwindled to less than
half that sum through the extrava
gance of her husband, Edward Yarde
"Buller,; who tried to -maintain the dig
•nity'of a gentleman to the manner,
born by "trying to keep up three villas,
two in Europe and one 4n this State.
'"When I remonstrated . with him,"
she- addjed," "he replied that American
women seek titlea and must expect to
•have to pay something for them. He
treaied me* badly and .1 was -forced to J
'leave, him." . . *
" .-After Lady. Yarde-Buller's testimoay
•had- been given Attorney -Peter Dunne
rested his case. Prior. .to Her examina
tion, however, he. had placed upon the
•stand W. H. Chapman, the trustee of
her estate. Chapman tastified that the
o.rjly property • now owned • by JUady
BUller was "a building at the corner of
• Pine ', and ; Battery streets, occupied by
the 'wholesale firm . *oi Dlnkelspiel
Bros... which he valued at about 5115,
•0.C0. There, was a mortgage on lt» how
¦efer. for. $30,000. The building rented
for $500 a. month and out of this the
Interest on the. mortgage . had • to be
paid. . • . : • . • ¦
•' Chapman testified on direct examina
tion that he bt-lieved Lady. Duller
thoroughly competent to manage her
own affairs. Attorney Robert Fi'ti
.gerald, 'for the/ guardian, in his cross
eiamination' asked Chapman many
pointed' questions'. . ;¦'. :
• Trustee Chapman said that he had
sot; been- appointed .trustee solely on
' the recommendation of E. EL Wake
man, as Lady Yarde-Buller had looked
Into the matter of a successor for
"Wakernan on her own behalf.
Exciting Demonstration by Class
|l|fflrffl|r|Ca{it^lJ| T. Nance.
Professors Merriam Gives
Credit for v a Discovery
to Miss A. *M. : Alexander
Attorney Asks Questions About Her Estate
Students in Rebellion
Over Lock-Step.
Lady Yarde-Bofler Claims Ability to
Manage Her Own Affairs.
WOMAN FINDS
NEW REPTILE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 'NOVEMBER 3,-190*
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Full-sized Package of
ALLEN'S ' v
BOSTON BROWN BREAD
FLOUR.
-; Simple to Prepare.
, Delicious in Flavor. . .
;.;¦ A . Nrfw •: England i- Breakfast.
Free With' Every I Small Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
[ See Small Ad , Page ior Further
.**""' Particulars. {_
BEA]S T CH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAJOxAXTJ.
1010 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY.
21 4 S Center Street.
Telephone North 7T.
AIjAMKDJL • -
14S5 Pork Street.
Telephone Alameda 131.
. . . APVERTTSEMEXTS.
i Evaporated I
Y& always bears the above cap||
ra labeL It means the sameBj
SB as telling you that we §&3
back up its purity with a
$5,000 guarantee. PS
BSfl Made by the largest pro- Kl
J^g ducers of Evaporated KssL
AsB Cream in the world. **Cf|&
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
riunyadiJaBoT
\i 1~^2Z£>*L4 MY N* ME IS N PT
V E^f^T HUNYADI ONLY,
I |SS HUNYADIJANOS,
1 fe^sX^^N* THE ORIGINAL,
E r£v£T^ ONLYQENUINI
P W/L^*^S ANDRCUABLK
h Is Alway/i Reliable for
I CONSTIPATIONNEW • 5TORK, Nov. 2.— The following
Calif ornians reached New York to-day :
/..From San Franclsco-^G.; H. BUI at
the Albert, : B. " Blum', at .thn Hoffman
House, "A.* Gallatin ;'arid ; wife and Miss
Gallatiniatithe -Albemarle,:Mrs. L. M.*
Griffith at' the (Imperial,' G. S. Lehister
and wife at the Murray Hill,' Mrs. J. P.
Mayers at ' the - Imperial," Mrs. A: ; Over-/
holzer at the /"Victoria, L./H. Sherman
at j the Hoffman,' Miss t Clayburgh at the
Astor.t J.;M..: (Jaglierland vwife -at the
Algonquin*. G."^ Hewlett : and Wife] at the
Astor,-: D." ' O." 1 : Cur t Is \ at ' the Navarre, N.
J. : i Cavanagh - at itheyVendome, c F. -B.
Hall at the Grand .Union. H. L. Kahn
and- Dr.»W.;C.' Keck fat !the*Belvidere,
J. T. Priddy : at the Astor, Mrs. J. D.
Sp'reekels/;ind Miss L. Spreckels at the
Albeinarle. ¦ reftff
: From /Santa . Rosa — W. Cruthers at
:the'Normandie.
"/From /:. San /Diego — H. Bllney at the
¦Marlborough. :
// Frnrn'-IjOfjAncjeles— »W... J; Dennis at
the' St; ; Deni < 3, ;D.> Rirhe.rclson :and \y\(p.
atithe. Murray llili, J. Mackoll at the
Algonquin. H:/\Vineman at .the./\Vtil
uxstonr^i¦¦¦¦;•;¦ .¦". .-.:. ¦;;-; ";'<¦
Calif ornians In \ New ¦ York.
A lecture will -be delivered to-mor
row'night inJ"the f Y.:M. C. A; audito
rium': • by i : Professor ; G. P.. Foster^ in
structor, in . English in Dr. Grau's Ly
ceum. ¦; /.The lecture - will be ¦ illustrated
with views of: the Greek amphitheater,
and surroundings.'; A number of . the
association's : athletes will : assist . with
acrobatic"- 1 poses «'•*. and Roman ladder
work. -^Selections will ; be ; rendered by
the - Golden, \Gate -Quartet; and '/Miss
Florence Cloak • will ' give '; a' reading. " :
Lecture by Professor Foster.
The Manufacturers' and Producers
Association has received from Wash
ington a number of blue print draw
ings, together with specifications . for
a supply of , certain steel castings and
links to be used at Panama. Bids for
furnishing these articles will be
opened November 19. The Govern
ment wishes local dealers to , make
proposals on the supplies mentioned.
Dealers Maj* Present Bids.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 2:— The following
San Franciscans have registered 're
cently at the California building at
the -World's Fair: v
- W. ; Thompson, Mrs. Baxter, Mrs. A. ' Grant,
Q. W: Krelger. H. H. Mathews. . Mrs. W. E.
Horan. E. Rotherael, H. F. Antrem, C:> S.
Nee E. J. Kehoe, C. • Wilberton, A. B. Cald
well.v I... France, , Dr.' Cluness .and- wife, , F.
Rarnsome and wlfe,.E- H. Miller. M. P.~ Detels,
W ¦ E.*;Schult« ; and' wife, ¦ A. ¦ F. Brayton,
E.' 1j., Marshall, F.J. KIcrce and wife, T. K.
Harley, T. ; Culllgan, W.' Tallar, E. Bonnell
and family, R. Allman. A. Grant. W. H. Til
lin 1 and wife. T.= C. Taylor and family, A.
Isaacs and wife, S. Marks. Mrs. M. J. Heck.
Mrs. - A. ' Eichler. Mrs. Ehrhart, M. G. Game.
J. Vf.. Baker.'
San Franciscans Who Have Recently
Visited the Exposition.
Bolivian railroads are after Amerl-*
can capital.
WESTERNERS AT FAIR.
The Board of Health decided yes
terday to } make an appeal .' to the
Board of 'Supervisors for an allow
ance from the .urgent, necessity -fond
for; the County/ Hospital in' order ; that
the sick poor may be taken care of at
the institution. >• Deputy Health - Of
ficer •. Levy : says that ' many, deserving
patients are daily turned ; away l- be
cause there are no funds; for their
maintenance. The Board of Health
has ' been ! obliged i- to reductf ? the per
capita to fa*, very; low rate , and the ac
commodations are taxed to their ut
most capacity.
Many Patients Are ; Being: Turned
¦¦-: .'¦" AWay ; From, City," and* County
; .Hospital.
HEALTH BOARD WILL ASK
SUPERVISORS FOR FUNDS
You can order your airship to call
for you at „ 6 o'clock in the morning
if you choose. This is, the announce
ment made by the joint convention
committee representing the Printing
Pressmen's Union, ,the Webb Press
men's Union and the Union of Press
feeders and Assistants, which will give
a ball in Mechanics' Pavilion on Sat
urday evening. The boys have worked
hard to provide a good time for all
and expect to make the event one
which will be looked back upon with
such pleasant memories that- those
who attend will look forward to an
other of like nature.
Pressmen Will Dance.
LAWYER BROWN SAYS
HE RETURNED THE FEE
Matter of His Proposed Disbarment
Submitted on Briefs in ¦Circuit
Court of Appeals.*
The matter of the citation of John
K. Brown to show cause -why he
should not be disbarred. was submit
ted on briefs yesterday before 'the
United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals. Brown is a lawyer doing busi£
ness at Seattle. Several months ago
he received from • Martha H. -Shields
of Nome, Alaska, $200 for the purpose
of paying the necessary > expenses to r
ward enabling Mrs. Shields to make
a showing before the > Court of Ap
peals for the dismissal of the 'writ of
error in the case of Martha H. Shields
vs. Mongollon Exploration" Company
et. al. and to : reinstate the case : upon
the calendar. Brown neglected to file
the papersiand' Mrs. Shields' rights
were sacrificed, a [default "having been
entered against her. Mrs. Shields af
terward laid the. matter before the
court. , ' L T
Brown filed an affidavit yesterday
to the effect thafomJuly; 2,- 1904, he
repaid to Mrs. - Shields', ", husband ; the
$200 that had been, advanced.
Dr. Stoll Again Acquitted.
Dr. .Benjamin P. Stoll .was acquitted
for the second' time by the same Jury
late "Tuesday afternoon , fin ./Judge
Cook's court on the charge of, murder;
He shot: and killed. Dr. -Robert J.
Blake in ! the offices of Decker & ; Stoll,'
dentists, ; Phelan* building, in*' October,'
1902. A: plea of self-defense -was ! set
up. At; the first trial in'^January.
1903, the Judge erred in" instructing
the Jury to acquit and ithe; Supreme
Courts granted "a new trials on, an'ap
peal by the 'District The
jury was. only out about *a> minute. '
TWO SALOONS ATTACHED.-fAi'.wrlt. of
attachment was •served' yesterday : on Mrs. -L.
M. Mulrhead at the V Instance ¦; of \V. , H. Ar
tnltage on a disputed .claim -of $1920.',. The sa
loons at' 1CQ-1 Market: street and 2. Hayes. street
. were : . levied upon. . but' : . the w attachments ' were
later released •: upon: Mis. . Mulrbead.; ftllnuj a
bond ¦ t» - protect the arnountv.of •• Armltage'a
c!al:n. .'-'.'/¦. "¦'*;; ','¦''".¦, <'-' '
TEAMSTKH INJL'HKU.—Jeti '.- Mathers. ; a
driver vt a ' huiiiu 1 waccii. wen • knocked , -oit
his «rat . at the crossing of :Kourth ; and Berry
rtic*t» yet-tcrUay afternoon, receiving Injuries
lu th* «»lna I column ¦ by b?lns struck by one
of , the \vh*fh>." He, was tre-itcfl! at . »b» Knwr
cencj- Hcwltalbv !»»• vinkham. • :
Mrs. J. Gallriger of 2227 Pine street
announces the engagement of her
daughter Fannie to Edward K. Spotton.
And still doth Cupid emulate the busy
bee. ' No day goes by- that does not
bring with It the news of a betrothal.
The latest surrender to the little god is
announced by Mr. and Mrs. Davtd
Levin confirming the engagement ot
their daughter Blanche to Albert M.
Getz of the firm of Sol Getz & Son. The
young people will receive on Sunday;
afternoon. November 20, at 1123 Leav*
enworth street. 3Sj9Kg
The Polyglot Club held its first meet-
Ing for this season last night In the
United Arts and Crafts building. Under
the supervision of the president, Louis
D. Ventura, a. programme of excellent
quality was presented and engaged the
close attention of a large audience.
Some of the numbers were out of the
usual set lines,- notably a group of old
compositions ranging from 1620 to 1761
was played by R. A. Lucchesl on the
old dementi cembalo. "Claccona," for
violin and piano, played by Nathan
Landsberger and Mrs. Otto Bendix, was
artistic In beauty and execution. Th©
recitation" of a portion of Dante's "Par
adise" by .Miss Grace Llewelyn Jones
was an exquisite gem.. Her voice was
well suited, with its soft modulations,
to the extract, and an organ accompa
niment by Slgnor Lucchesi gave fine
coloring to the poem. Signor Ventura's
opening address was appropriate to the
occasion, and during the programme h©.
gave a French comedy bit that was ex
hilarating. Others who took part were
Miss Viva Hikey. Miss Mabel Vander
hoof, Mrs. P. de T. Evans, Miss Flor
ence Darby and Mrs. M. A. Tomkin.
At the entertainment at the Alham
bra Major General MacArthur, who
knew the soldier. priest in the Philip
pines, will talk on Father McKlnnon's
record during the war. In accepting'
the invitation to speak General Mac-
Arthur said that he was glad of the
opportunity of expressing his admira
tion of the chaplain's character.
The McKinnon memorial committee
will hold an open meeting on Friday
evening, November. 11.. It will be fol
lowed by an entertainment at the Al
hambra . Theater on November 17.
Judge Frank Murasky will preside
and Brigadier Woodruff. U. S. A., and
Colonel Thomas Barry will speak.
The : orators will advocate the estab
lishment of a memorial to Father Mc-
Kinnon. . ¦
Major General MacArthur, Who Knew
the Chaplain hi the Philippines,
Is to Sneak.
POLYGLOT CLUB
HOLDS CLEVER
ENTERTAINMENT
McKINNON MEMORLMj
COMMITTEE WILL MEET
Pound took the step that,. if he lived
long enough, was bound to result in the
lealization of his ambition by getting
himself elected a life member of the
Board of Aldrmen of the city^of Lon
don, several years "ago. Thereafter, all
; LONDON, Nov. 2.— That elaborate
but somewhat futile ceremony-^the
election of a Lord Mayor of London,
having resulted as every one previously
knew it would— Alderman Pound will
be sworn into office on November S as
the civic figurehead of the biggest city
In' the world, as Lady Mayoress his
wife will share In his, dignities and as-
Fist him in dispensing hospitality at
the Mansion House, which constitutes
the chief function of this once high and
stately office.
John Pound, now the Right Honor
able Lord Mayor-elect of London, is 75
years old. He inherited a flourishing
business from his father and. is very
wealthy. That Js the llrst and most es
sential qualification of a Lord Mayor,
for although his salary equals that of
the President of the United States—
$50,000 a year— he is expected to spend
twice as much more in giving sumptu
ous banquets, maintaining the official
residence in proper style arid setting a
generous example by liberal donations
to charities. As the Lord Mayor en
tertains the King and a host of other
dignitaries, and is invariably knighted
before his one year term of office ends,
the rewards are considered well worth
the price paid for them.
IN LINE FOR THE PLACE.
The Lord Mayor's bailiwick comprises
only a small portion of .London— that
which is known as the "city" — some
thing, under a mile Bquare in area with
the Mansion House as its center. The
rest of the vast human beehive. Is gov
erned by the London County Council,'
an admirable body that' does its work
in up-to-date fashion without any use
less - ceremonial paraphernalia. The
real Mayor of = London is chairman . of
that body. : But' the honors all go to
the • puppet Mayor, who, though shorn
of most ; of his ancient powers, Is sur
rounded.with more • pomp and cere
mony, show and glitter, stuff and non
sensethan the conrt of royalty itself.;
he had, to : do. was to sit tight and : wait
his turn. In due course of time he was
made Sheriff, filling that purely orna
mental office for -one year, and then
taking his place on the Mayoralty wait
ing list among those who had similarly
qualified for the higher < honor. The
election that precedes its final 5 attain
ment is such in name only." The choice
is invariably determined, by seniority.
The electors are not the ordinary rate
paying citizens,' who would,' if given the
chance, be 'guided -by their own" Judg
ment-as.to the fitness of a candidate,
but Freemen-Liverymen, members of
these medieval relics, the City Guilds,
in whose : eyes precedent ' is of all
things most saci'ed. And precedent de
cides for them to whom they shall give
their yotes. There is -never any con
test. .The man gets, the billet who
stands next on the waiting list. „
MERELY 'A FIGUREHEAD.
NEXT LORD MAYOR OF LONDON, "WHO WILL. SOON ASSUME THE POSITION,:
THE DUTIES'OF WHICH ARE SOCIAL AND • OF ALMOST- NO SIGNIFI
CANCE IF VIEWED FROM A POLITICAL STANDPOINT. :
Mrs. Bailey, besides owning a ranch,
leases land and ; raises profitable . crops
on it. A wonderful "cake" made by
her of fruits grown on her own place
has taken a gold medal and Mrs.
Bailey is proud of it. She ' has.become
famous in the California' colony ¦ here
because* > of winning - a special medal
through •: a unique and ¦ original idea.
There. are forty-one varieties of fruit
in : this "cake." It : is two feet in di
ameter and a. foot thick. It is really
not a- cake, but Is composed only .of
dried fruits sugared together. Several
gold medals have been taken: by prod
ucts In, the Sacramento Valley exhibit,
but there is' none that will arouse
more pride than the one to be sus
pended from '., Mrs. , Bailey's cake of
fruits, rn addition to ', taking a . first
prize, the "cake" will be accorded the
honor of having 'its photograph put in
the official book of the fair. ¦
Mrs.' Bailey has on exhibition some
cotton grown from seed she obtained
from Georgia last April.
PRIZE . WINNING CAKE.
"Also good, but doesn't carry as much
sugar as the other," said the Jury, and
they all nodded their heads in .wise ap
proval of each other as they smacked
their lips. ;
"And this?" and a third jar of the
same size was " taken down by Mrs.
Kennedy. . / .
"A fine pear, but grown in a some
what different soil and given less water
in the month of September than, the
others," said the Jury, expecting Mrs.
Kennedy to gasp at this wonderful ex
hibition of pear knowledge. ¦ ; ,
all one pear, gentlemen," said
Mrs. Kennedy, ; with a : meekness that
showed- she;', was .'not- remembering the
wisdom of the jury. "It took three jars
to hold it." This was a fact, too.
How many women in America grow
pears one of which will fill three quart
Jars? None outside California. '
Mrs. Hoppin has a ranch of 550 acres
in- Y0I6 County that knows only her
own superipttendency and that 550 acres
makes as much money each year as
any similar area about it farmed by
a man. Mrs. Hoppin is known as an
authority on alfalfa and dairying and
the results she has "obtained ought to
be enough to '- bring every Eastern
farmer to her locality.
These two ladies are .the widows of
the trio. Commissioner Wills is try
ing to get this fact as generally known
In St. Louis as possible! for he wants
to attract all the unmarried farmers
possible to the Sacramento display.
Mrs.! Kennedy Is lenown as a "practi
cal rancher." She is a large landowner
and grows fruit that has some size . to
it. When the horticultural Jury was
floating about looking for good things
it espied a' quart Jar of pears she had
placed in the exhibit made by Yolo.
"Very fine," said the jury, after it
had sampled.
"What do you think of. this variety?"
asked Mrs. Kennedy, taking down an
other jar. •-¦-¦-
The Sacramento Valley holds a
unique position at the fair because of
its three lady commissioners. In hust
ling they keep the -men at the exhibit
jumping to keep up.
Two of : the ladies, are widows and
landowners, who farm their own lands
and look, after .their own business af
fairs. The third 'has- a husband, but
she also has a business head of her own
and farms ..many, acres of leased land.
This attaches additional importance to
them. It also serves as one of the big
gest advertisements for the valley, as
showing what women can do therefor
themselves. The »Sacramento Valley
not only gets excellent work out of its
lady commissioners, -but it has in their
experiences a demonstration "of the" ex
cellence of its agricultural conditions.
PEAR TOO BIG FOR JURY.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILDING,
WORLD'S FAIR/ ST. LOUIS, Nov. 2.—
The Sacramento -Valley Development
Association' evidently believes .that the
era for the demonstration of woman's
usefulness in the fields usually, occupied
by men is here. It has shown its con
fidence in the ability of the fair sex a*
promoters by sending three. lady, com
missioners here to* assist Commissioner
Wills in the work. of exploiting ithe re
sources of the Sacramento Valley and
inducing emigration; to' that -section.
Two ! of -these, ladies ' have been here
since the fair opened. V; They are Mrs.
Elizabeth - Kennedy of - Butte County
and Mrs. Rose A. Bafley of Sacramento.
Mrs. Emily Hoppin Vof.Yolo County is
the third. She has just arrived, .but
has plunged into the work with "a vim
and is keeping abreast of her two more
experienced* sisters in the promotion
business. '
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Mrsi Kennedy, Mrs. Bailey
and Mrs. Hoppin Success
ful Farmers of California
prosecuting her. So resolute was he to
save her from prison that he permit
ted himself to commit the Indiscretion
of disturbing the peace of the court, for
which he was ordered into custody.
'Pa.tEo!man Heinrichs, who arrested
the woman the night of the stabbing,
October 1, and escorted her to the Re
ceiving Hospital for identification, tes
tified .rhat she cast herself despairingly
upon the cot occupied by the wounded
man and beseeched him not to prose
cute her. "•
"She dtdn't say anything of the kind,"
exclaimed Parker, jumping from his
seat In the court and angrily glaring at
the witness..
"Take 'that* man into custody and
May Parker, charged with assault to
murder her paramour. Edmund Parker,
by stabbing him. was discharged by
Judge Mogan because of the man's evi
dent .determination to abstain from
hippantly and audibly alluded to them
aj» "Spanish rubbernecks," said appel
lation meaning that Mr. and Mrs. Aion
zo had a penchant for obtruding their
attention where it was not desired.
•"Rubbernecks"'' was the cue for the la
dies on the benches. In an instant the
six of them were a-Jabber, nor could
they be 'silenced, until his Honor sue?
c»eded in raising -his voice above the
¦Jin and thundering an. order of dis
missal. Then the bailiff hustled them
.to the corridor, where their tongues
continued- to wag and entertain a large
congregation.
It was a statement by William Of-
Xeil, called for the defense, that opened
the jawfest. " He said that Mrs. Brash,
whot^e domicile adjoins that, of the
Alonzos in the North Beach district, had
routed decorum In the court o? Police
Judgx; Cabaniss and provoked hasty
"dismissal of the case wherein Manuel
Alo'nzo stood accused of disturbing the
i>eace of Mrs. Glara Brash. Witnesses
for the prosecution were' Mrs. Pauline
Pincus, Mrs. Josephine Lopez and Mrs.
Letjtia Gull. Testimony for the defense
was* adduced by Miss Blanche Gurte)
Mrs.C. Ecklom and Mrs. Manuel Alon
zo, wife of the accused. In seating the
witnesses th'e bailiff . placed those for
the prosecution behind those for the. de
fense, but ere the hearing was fairly
starttd it becamle obvious that the pre
caution was futile as -a preventive of
possible disorder, for the six ladies be
came • involved in. a discussion that
waxed loud' and acrimonious despite
the rat-tats 'of the bailiff's grarvel and
sharp rtproof from the bench. "The
seventh Voice, was contributed by the
complaining witness,- Mrs. Brash, who
vigorously resented an insinuation as
to her veracity from .a member-of the
opposition.
Seven women simultaneously talking
Al Mullijjan stood in front of v he
Hall of Justice at midnight and howled
contumely at the structure and every
body and everything connected with it.
Apked by Judge Mogan. why he did so,
Al said that when he compared the
time indicated ; by his watch with that
shown on, the face of the ' hall tower
clock he: found there -was; a difference
of one minute and seven and one-quar
ter seconds,' and" knowing, his chrono
meter to be.infalliblyl< ..rrect, he was
expressing his opinion of <-, the official
carelessness responsible*, for the un
reliability of the clock when; a police
man ran out. and scooped him In.
When the watch was offered in evi
dence, however, if shattered Al's plea
by showing only one hand'and'Obsti
nately refusing to tick. . Al was fined
X. ::,--;:-^v ¦ ¦ ¦ * ¦ ' ¦ ¦ - •:•
Frank Bell and Palino Prescott were
sweethearts until a mere "tiff" de
veloped into a breach that defied ¦ the
bridging efforts of mutual friends, and
the twain finally drifted completely
apart. They had ; not . seen each other
for several years until last.. Tuesday
evening, when they unexpectedly met
face to face at the intersection of
Jackson and Kearny streets. Frank
stared and bowed; Palino gasped and
curtsied. . Frank raised his hat and
smiled: Palino returned the smile. A
moment later they were amiably con
versing.
In the court of Judge Mogan yester
day Palino testified that -never in all
her born days had she ', witnessed a
more complete change of demeanor
than was displayed by Frank when she
informed him that she was a wife. The
information transformed him from a
cooing dove into a roaring, lion, she
declared, and if she did lay. hands upon
him it was Jn effort to quell ' his fren
zied upraidings rather 'than with in
tent to mutilate . his facial cuticle.
Frank, on the other hand, averred
that he was never more astonished in
his life than when Palino assailed him
after he had incidentally remarked
that he was contemplating a marital
union with a young lady whom they
both knew and • admire* - in the old
days. If he did repel Pallno's attack,
his action was purely self-defensive.
Then the policeman who arrested
Frank and Palino testified. that they
were clinched and punching, with free
right hands - when he found ; them and
that both of them hit" in the" com
pulsory breakaway. They *vill re
appear, to-day for sentence.
It was not his fault. John Smith de
clared, that the. horse he was driving
at 5 o'clock p. m. on Market street ex
ceeded the legal .speed limit. He hired
the animal, v.ith buggy attached, at
the Nevada Stables, he said, and so
long as he drove it westward it did
not seem to be particularly eager to
¦sprint* No sooner had he reversed the
direction of its head and commenced
the return Journey, however, than it
dashed forward with great gusto and,
tug and pull as he would at the reins,
he could not control its gait. After
hls'srregt and liberation on ball he
made some inquiry into the animal's
record and ascertained that it emulat
ed the tortoise' until its regular dinner
hour drew nigh and it was headed
stableward, when it outfooted the pur
sued hare. Judge Mogan patiently dar
kened to Mr. Smith's plea and prompt
ly dismissed the complaint.
Herman Meyers, arrested for enter
ing and plundering the room of Louis
Petroff at 118*4 Ellis street,
only a cheap pocketknife and thirty
cents as reward of his enterprise. In
his .possession, however, the police
found $50 wrapped in a silk "handker
chief marked "B" and they opine that
he" committed a more remunerative
burglary than that of which Mr. Pet
roff was the victim. Judge Fritz con
tinued the case till to-morrow.
Patrolman Maloney, whose beat is
Union Square, complained that his of
ficial lot would be much happier \t
Jacob Burko, fruit peddler, were com
pelled to keep his horse and wagon in
motion, as prescribed by ordinance. In
stead of doing that Mr. Burko allowed
his horse to occupy one spot until he
saw the policeman approach, when he
hastily attached a "nose bag" to its
head and averred -that he could not
induce it to travel while it was feed
ing. Repeated 'warnings having failed
to persuade him to cease his trickery,
he was arrested and the officer hoped
that Judge Mogan would abstain from
leniency in hi6 case. His Honor re
sponded by fining Mr. Burko $5. ,
Joseph Stokes and Frank Wilson,
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon.' denied that either of them
smashed a bamboo opium pipe on the
head of Joseph Conte, landlord of the
lodging-houee in which they dwelt at
637 California street. The pipe, they
explained, was used by them to prop
up a sagging portion of the mattress
of "their bed and it was fractured by
Mr. Conte casting Mr. Stokes violently
upon the couch. Mr. Conte and his
wife, Leontine, tried to evict the de
fendants and in the scrimmage the
pipe was broken. Judge Fritz reduced
the charge of aEsault with a deadly
weapon to plain battery and remanded
the defendants for sentence.
Three brothers, August, William and
Robert Huber, who came from their
home at Napa to make holiday in the
city, were fiercely battering each other
night before last at Clay and Kearny
streets when Patrolmen McGrane and
Davids separated and arrested them.
Their faces bore ¦ evidence of the
ferocity of their blows and witnesses
told the policemen that the flght start
ed at California and Kearny streets
and was kept up along the latter thor
oughfare' to the point of arrest. Wil
liam pleaded .that he was acting as
peacemaker between August and Rob
ert, who began quarreling over a "fam
ily affair," but Judge Mogan declined
to discriminate and fined each of the
combatants $5.
• a ¦•
charge him with disturbing the peace,"
said the Judge to. the bailiff, and the
order was instantly obeyed.
A pathetic feature of the proceedings
was the appearance on the V witness
stand of a crippled 10-:'ear-old» son of
the accused - woman "and one Johnson,
who is serving: a term in San Quentin
for counterfeiting. The unfortunate lit
tle fellow said he knew nothing about
the stabbing of Parker, although he
was in the house at 22 Tehama street
,when it occurred. W. S. Irwin, who
also was there at the time, testified he
did not hear or see Parker and the de
fendant quarrel.
"It is apparent that this man has de
liberately committed perjury to save
the defendant," said the Judge, "and I
regret my inability to hold her for trial
In the Superior Court. She is dis
charged."
AKE LIVEsG ARGUMENTS
When Judge Gets a Hearing He Dismisses Case
Three Lady Kanchers From
the Sacramento Valley
Help at the World's
Their Clamor Routs Decorum From
Oae of the Police Courts.
Post ol Pomp Awaits JoM Pound In London
NEW LORD MAYOR
TO TAKE OFFICE
SEVEN WOMEN TALK AT ONCE
WOMEN ASSIST
STATE'S CAUSE
THE: SAK^FRANCISCO jGALL,^THURSDAY/^NOVEMBER; 3, 190^-
7
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMPOETANT — Mrs. E. W. Suttle,
whose testimonial appears below, was
not able to attend to her work for a
year before taking the Electro-
.Chemic Treatment^ She is now busjr
everj r day. and is at her home only
.after .five o'clock in the evening and
on Sundays.-r-This Is more. home tes-
timony. Head it carefully. - .
|r^^^i??j^^^^»S : ' l^«^S"* * * ' '"<£$,?>']*'< . ' t
•f^g^^Jp^^yj^^ .7^^ ¦t.^* J' v ¦ .j:<. t r* ¦ .::
'**»'" ¦ - ¦¦.-..- '¦'?.. ; :*>
s^i>i?ff^kvSSSSS^eZ - -¦'¦ ¦¦¦'¦ . ' : U '¦¦ - ¦¦¦ ¦ ' . ' ¦&. '. ' ¦¦¦¦,
&'™*Z&>*£Wt6?3£c?f3? < '-'¦•¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ '. • .:.'.:.:¦
• :< When a" woman haa been told that to
¦*«a\-e.her life it will be necessary for her
to undergo a dangerous* surgical opera-
tion, especially • when two well-known
hospital doctors agree, that an operation
is t.he only help— to be quickly, thorough-
• >y :and painlessly cured at a trifling ex-
pense, such* a woman must surely be
frfatef ul> Well, the Eilectfo-Chemic treat-
ment 'has cured me after I had suffered
'untold misery for seven years and after
two, of the best family physicians in San
Francisco had told me that the* only
<hing that would save my life would be
.a surgical operation. 'I am" happy and
grateful to' the Electro-Chemlc special-
ists for my cure, and I want every suf-
f erlng. wjman to know of. this wonderful
new treatment — so 'painless — so pleasant
"—so- quick- in its effects and so cheap.
My case was -one .of those distressing
ovarian troubles. Tumors had already
.'formed and the pains in the lower abdo-
men were awful. The 'pains and weak-
ness in rty back .at ti^nes were almost
unbearable. I was dizzy, I could not eat.
I was Kick at" my stomach and at time*
could n.ot -Bleep. "My picture' at the top
of this artiale is quite gobd. My name is
Mrs. E. W. Suttle aTid I live at No. 182
Perry street, San Francisco. Any one in«-
terested tit my wonderful oure is at lib-
. *-rty to c#dl on me for further particu-
lars.
If Eleotro-Chemnstry had accomplished
nothing else but .the cure of suffering
women, keeping them off of the operat-
ing table, it would take a first, place
ampngst the greatest of modern dlseov- I
rrjf« -as a curative -agent, but Electro-
chemistry, is- tb« most successful treat-
m«it now <n- use for the cure • of Con- I
numptijon. Catarrh. Asthma, lJronchltis, !
•Ithruiratism. Neuralgia, Locomotor
Ataxia, F,alllrtg Sickness. Epilepsy, Diz-
ziness, He?dach»s. Spots Before th<* Eyes.
Piles. Fissure. Fistula. Stricture. Prosta-
.titis. Varicocele; Nerve Exhaustion. Oan-
cpijs. Tumors. Old Sores and. Abscesses,
Weak K*.art,.' Palpitation, Shortness of
Ureath. Insomnia, Blood Poison, . Skin
»lseaw/«. Eczema, Goiter! Swollen Joints,
Weak -Bpck. Kidney Diseases. Bladder
Diseases. Brighfs Disease. Diabetes, ete,
c,t™ * . ' *
Th«<.Elortro-Ch*»mlc oxamlnation Is the
most reliable -examination that any suf-
ferer c*n have. Such an examination
-/III rtuickly show whether a case in cura-
ble or not,- and this examination Is. now
abscJuMy fr<»e to any sufferer applying
at the* -Institute for 1L The Electro-
Cbemic- fnstHutp occupies nearly the
whcl« Jlr«?t fl«or of the large building at
318 Orant avenue, corner- of Post street.
The oftio- hours-are from nine to flv.e and
from s"\en to eljrht. dally: and from ten
to one on Punday^. There -are retired and
private apartments set aside for themale
and female patients. The Electro-Chemlc
Institute |r' the only Institution on the
Pacific C. oas t doing this work. The office
is centrally located at I IB Grant avenue,
and persons dcsirlnsr -o consult the Elec- )
tro-Cbcmic specialist* will do well-, to j
make nn mistake regarding the plac*.
The Elpctro-Chemlc hom»» treattnont-is i
very successful, and patients .who ar*
sick and who live at a distance should
try to come for persona! examination
when* ppssibje. Wh<»ii this can not be
don«». « short rtpscrlptlon of nrim-ipal
symptoms should -be In and full in-
structions regarding oxnmination nrid a,
home »*.''urK*» of the treatment will b<»
promptly lo*~- arded- free of <*harg<*. I
I Can You Write a Story ? |
I $50 for You if You Can. |
• ' >- S >"-;^ :^r-/,^' ...... ' O
• . For the purpose of encouraging California and Western writers, 9
g by offering a consideration for short stories equal to that paid by the O
j best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown 2
q writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con- 2
j 0 test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best 9
I © story submitted.. There is no section of America more fertile in ma-' o
;• terial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to give spirit to the 9
j 2 t material at hand than is California and the West. Therefore the Sun- •
j J day Call offers $50 for the best story submitted each week by a West- ®
J o ern writer. Stories of Western life and Western characters will, as a S
¦ © rule, be given the preference, but all strong stories, and especially 3
• © strong stories by new writers, will receive careful consideration. 9
¦1 • Each story will be judged strictly upon its literary merit. Type- •
'• written copy is the easiest^to read and will receive the first consid- •
• eration from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand- •
2 writing if you cannot afford to have tit typewritten. ' • 5
q Fifty dollars in cash fcr a story of not less than' 3500 words and a
9 not more than 3560 words is approximately $17 per thousand" words, 9
! O or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading maga- O
© zincs for the work of any but the very best writers is rarely more 9
© than two cents a word, more of. en one cent and a half, and generally ®
g one cent. With the majority of magazines the writer, after his 5
story is accepted, is compelled to wait until the publication of his 2
¦ q story before he is paid, a period of seldom less than six months, ?nd $
. 9 usually from nine months to a year. The stories accepted in thit 9
O contest will be paid for immediately upon publication, and will be <•
© published on the first Sunday following the judging of the week's •.
-g manuscripts. •
S Each Week for the Best, '_ |
3 ' - ' •
I ' I
O _-. ' -•_ ¦ O
g Submitted tri tKp e
|! SUNDAY CALL!
I . RULES. I
S « S
O No story will be considered that is less than 2500 nor more than o*
• 3500 words in length. The length of the story must be marked in O
5 plain figures. . . - ©
© F V 11 o
™ In the selection of stories names will not count. The unknown 5
§ writer will have the same standing as the popular author. 5f
• HI O
© As one of the objects of the Sunday Call is to develop a new •
5 'corps of Western writers no stories under noms de plume will be 2
? considered. If a story earns publication it* will be well worth the S
a writer's name. ,.
o 'M 5
• Stories not accepted will be returned at once. Those selected 9
9 will be published one each week. « ©
• v/ g
q This fiction contest will be continued indefinitely. S
• • .u'vi ©
© An author may submit as many manuscripts as he desires, but ©
2 no one writer will be permitted to win more than three prizes dur- ©
5 ing the contest. *?
• - A/n I
6 Always inclose return postage. No manuscripts will be returned o
© unless accompanied by return postage. q
• x/iii e
S Write on one side of paper only; put name and address legibly 2
2 on last page, and address to the SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE e>
© CALL, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. J
2^^^^^^^^^^^o^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^•^^^^^^^^©eQ^^^oS
FREE FREE.: FREE
.WITH ;'.#,?
V /SUNDAY, CALL/
JAVANT ADS.
A Full-sized Package of
. : ; - ALLEN'S: :-Mi-:-\ ' '
BOSTON BROWN, BREAD
, FLOUR.; v,
. Simple "to Prepare. '
. - Delicious .'in 'Flavor.
A New ; England :' Breakf £st. '
Free With "Every • Small Ad
. ; in) SUNDAY CALLV
See Smali » Ad : Page for : Further
' //TV Particulars..; ./
/." i • -' - NEW ADVERTISEMEyTS. - 1 - , /-, - - - -,,-,-„- -
-~^~ s^^~ % ~ > - — >^^~^w^~ * — »~ »^-~
<SO1NG-I GQNEHl
mneiBE iraTsmTT. womut wu ure it. wo uie r» toneae. t -
i\W R "ii— -/»•*»< Pavxv- wofthlew. but not many ol then wert 4«i«M 1 »
Don't Cry Fake
Tr^C teiore the «krobk «¦*!» VbaUneM :Mon«y back if '««tbbetonr .g***™ **
wa* discovered that most hair . remedies wer» dresslnr- Stops Jtchln? of scalp h»st«nt2r.
. Crag Stsres, $1^a. Sen 10c, staps, to MEBfldDE CO, Oept M. Ottreit, MWU ftri napie.
The ORIGINAL retaedy that "kills th« U«a4rirfl0crai."
AgP3^2 > JAT.IO3r3~AT PC OMIITEBtT BABBIT. BHOffl. -BACK TO THE FARM.
Mr. and Mrs. Mayo NewhaH enter
tained Miss Gertrude Eells and her
fiance. Lieutenant John Franklin Bab
cock, at dinner last evening. Covers
were laid for eighteen, and among the
guests were these young ladles who
will serve as bridesmaids at Miss Eells*
wedding: Miss Margaret Newhall, Miss
Helen Chesebrough. Miss Isabel Kit
tle, Miss Elizabeth Llvermore, Miss
Stella McCalla and Miss Maud Bourn.
Mr. and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson gave
a dinner last evening In honor of their
daughter. Miss Charlotte "Wilson, who
was at this event formally presented
to society. Of the many pretty maids
only those of this -season's blossoming
were bidden, making the affair strictly
one for debutantes. Those who en
joyed the happy occasion were Mr. and
Mrs. Wilson. Miss Charlotte "Wilson.
Miss Carol Moore, Miss Marjorie
Josselyn. Miss M&isee Langhorne. Miss
Ysabel Brewer, Miss Dorothy Eells,
Miss Nathalie Coffin, Mlsa Emily Wil
son, Lloyd Baldwin. Edward M. Green
way. Herbert Baker, Harry Stetson,
George Cadwallader, Oscar Cooper.
Percy King. Wilberforce Williams and
Sidney Salisbury.
The marriage of Miss Alice Ruther
ford, daughter of the late Mrs. George
Crocker, to J. Langdon Irving will be
solemnized to-day at the Crocker resi
dence on Fifth avenue. New York.
Owing to the recent death of the
bride's mother the affair will be of a
quiet nature. Miss Rutherford is to
have only one bridesmaid, her cousin.
Ml»a Beatrice "Wright, while the grroom
will be served by his brother. Van
Rensselaer Irving.
Another beautiful bride will go to
the 'altar this evening when Miss
Katherine Dillon is wedded to Lieu
tenant Emory "Winshlp of the United
States navy. Every feature surround
ing -these nuptials Is of a character to
incite keen interest. The prominence
of the two young people, as regards
wealth and social position, and the
elaborate preparation for the event
have kept society on the qui vive.
Paris is responsible for the trousseau,
which combines richness with exquisite
daintiness. The wedding, which Is to
take place at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. Maurice Casey, Is set for 9 o'clock.
The bride's attendants will be Miss
Caroline Fosgate, maid of honor; Miss
Grace Spreckels. Miss Patricia Cos
grave, Miss Sara Collier and Mls3
Ethel Moore. -&3E
Mrs. Hubert Dyer will offer her home
at 3716 Jackson street on Saturday for
a fair to be held for the benefit of the
children's medical ward. Children's
Hospital. Those who will assist in the
management are Miss Enid Turner.
Miss Ruth Turner, Miss Margaret Ari
derson. Miss Ruth Bradford, Miss Doris.
Bradford, Miss Eleanor Dyer, Donald
Bradford and Cutler Dyer.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Elvira Shuck and Dr. W. E. Janke. The
wedding will take place in the early
part of the new year. *
• •. •
Miss Maud© Younger, whose absence
In Europe has been a long. one. is In
to wn and will" remain here for an in
deflnite period.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carter Nichols
have returned from their wedding trip
and will soon be settled In their new
horn*.
Miss Laura Prather of Oakland and
Guy W. Waterbury of Sacramento will
be married on the 24th of this month,
the wedding to take place at 7 o'clock
at the bride's home in Oakland.
Miss Brooke Rose, who will leave here
on November 9 for a trip through Mex
ico, will entertain on Sunday afternoon
at tea at the home of her aunt, Mrs.
Selden S. Wright.
Addlson Mlzner. who has been on a
tour through South America, Central
America and various parts of tha
United States, has returned and is
meeting with much welcome on all
sides.
Mr. and Mrs. Truxtun Beale have ar
rived in town and are at the Palace.
Mrs. John I. Sabin Is preparing for
an elaborate afTalr in honor of her
daughter, Miss Irene Sabin, who will
"come out" for this winter's gayetles.
Miss Florence V. Smith and her moth
er, who have Just completed a new
house on Vallejo street, will entertain
at tea on November 10. making the af
fair a housewarming as well.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Tobln are leav
ing to-day for a New York trip.
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton and Mrs.
Ashton Stevens have gone to Santa
Barbara, where Mrs. Atherton will do
some writing for the Eastern maga-
BY SALLY SHflRP-
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALfi
JOHX D. SPRECKELS .??• '¦ Propriety
ADDRESS AU- COMMUNICATIONS TO mr..,.,-.
JOHN HcyAPGHT ? • • - Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE -. .....THIRD ANP MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
IHURSDAY : ....NOVEM B ER 3.1904
THEi SAN^FRANCISCOSGALIi, THURSDAYv^NOVEMBER'^3,^1904.
COPYRIGHT. 1904. BT SPECIAL, ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL..
Mrs. Morsel- Why don't you . limit
yourself in your drinking?
R. E.' Morse — I do, my dearsh; but
I set the— hie— limit so far off— hie —
that I get drunk— hie— before I reach
it. . ¦ '. '.
THE. REASON'.
THE MOODY END.
Hixon— There is no end to the wasps
out-here. ¦-•'¦
' /Dlxon ." (just stung)— There ..was i an
end to the one that just lit on me. -
It does not mean anything any more
when you . call a ; man V a Democrat '.un
less you specify what kind. There are
as many kinds '. of Democrats ; as : there
are forms of folIy.^-Springfleld Repub
lican.' "..'/¦. ":'.'. ! ';•'•• v
There Is fine Russian strategy In the
orders to the Baltic fleet to proceed
eastward by two routes, ] sot that the
Japanese navy .cannot . gobble " more
than half of it at once.^— Philadelphia
Tnquirer.^"
The Democratic party does queer things. Only infrequently
docs it 'attract- the sober attention of the 'country. It was moved
upon by wisdom when it nominated Cleveland, for he was a sea
soned politician,, with the qualities of a, statesman. He knew the
public issues of his time and could discuss them in clear, statement.
His opponents found him a foeman with whom combat was a vigor
ous experience. But his predecessor, General Hancock, was .all
that Cleveland was not. His profession of arms had isolated him,
and he had not kept in touch with the public affairs of the country.
No one disliked him personally.' He was an = ideal soldier, as Parker
may be an ideal Judge/. But in the course of the campaign 1 Hancock
floundered hopelessly and helplessly in his attempt to discuss public
and political issues. So plain did it appear • that ,he was not equio-"
T-HE speech of Secretary Hay in- Carnegie Hall, New York, is a
powerful, because reasonable, campaign appeal, that goes to the
substance of things. It is free from invective and may serve
as a missionary effort among Democrats, who feel the lack of any
real issue raised by. their party, and reviews temperately some of
the remarkable statements made i.n Judge Parker's recent speeches
from the porch at Esopus. . • .
One does hot need to attack the character of Judge Parker in
reviewing his* utterances: He has emerged from the judicial chrysalis
to spread his first wing in politics for nearly a quarter of a century.
He takes flight through, a new worlds He has not kept in touch with
events and is compelled to cram in order to have material, for use
in the speeches he must make to visiting clubs and occasional audi
ences. • . BsSSBEMBBEHri
JUDGE' PARKER WOBBLES.
IN the press of other political interests the people of San Francisco
should not lose sight of their opportunity to recast and reform
our whole method of electing a judiciary. For the first time in,
the history of San Francisco the pedple of 'this city have a chance to
lift the judiciary of the State entirely out of partisan politics. It is
a most desirable consummation and the opportunity should not be
lost. ¦ . ' -V . :
It is believed by the best thinkers that these two major Ameri
can institutions, the public schools and the. judiciary, should be en
tirely separated from partisan control. The education of, the people
and the administration of justice, to be best, must of necessity be
for all, free from influence and bias related to partisan obligations.
To secure this is possible only by r removing such management en
tirely from partisanship. How can this be done except by disregard
ing the party responsibility in election ? By common consent this
has been done here in regard to the judges, for, the first time in a
campaign, and 'if : that consent be carried successfully to the polls in
the election of Judges Murasky, Troutt, Seawell and Kerrigan we
will entirely, and for all the future, eliminate partisanship from the
election of judges. , \ '
When it is done here it will spread over the State. There seems
now no doubt that the people , will ratify the - constitutional :^ amend
ment for an appellate court, intermediate between the Superior and
Supreme courts. The men who sit, in the new tribunal must be the
flower of the legal profession. ; It must be a bench free from partisan
attachment or obligation. If we elect the-four incumbent judges ir.
this city next Tuesday, we- will? have -.made efficient preparation for
the choice of the best possible appellate bench.
The interests, the policy and the sentftnent at 'stake, are too
vastly important to be • lightly overlooked/ and it should be a matter
of pride with every citizen to help a movement so great in its promise
of public benefit, by voting for Judges Murasky, Troutt, Seawell arid
Kerrigan.
REMEMBER. THE COURTS.
The experiment made about a year
ago of employing Mexican porters in
Pullman cars has not been successful.
Forty Mexicans entered the service of
the Pullman Company and of that
number only five are left.
Mexican Porters.
•When-.such a person rises to rebuke an- upright man like Mr.
Hayes, and to pursue him with a sandstorm of lies and detraction,
it is time for decent, people to take counsel' together and consider
their dirty. When the Fifth California District gets its orders from
the tenderloin district of New York City it will be time for de
cency to go into a corner and die. When the pigsty of politics im
poses its smell and smirch upon a campaign in California it is time
to take defensive .measures. • •
We make, no a'pology for our treatment of tliese creatures.
Filth is not. less filthy by; calling if "matter out of place." By filth
it is attempted to defeat Mr. Hayes, who- is representative of the
class of men most desirable to enlist in politics, for their knowledge
and their high character. The source of this filth is an affluent foun
tain of all that is vile and repulsive in public and private life, and
any less statement of it would not be a plain statement, which is
what we desire to make.
SINCE his nomination, the Examiner has carried on a vicious,
filthy and false campaign against Mr. E. A. Hayes, Republican
no.minee for- Congress, in the Fifth District. Mr. Hayes lives
in Sail J<?se, and has been identified with reform in politics and polit
ical methods! .He has been and is a leader in all things that make for
decency. No honest man has ever questioned his sincerity and all
men know his ability and his superb fitness to represent his district
in Congress. • He is an able, upright man. .Because in San Jose there
are the vsual manifestations of human folly and vice common to
cities, and froin which none are exempt, Mr. Hearst accuses Mr.
Hayes, of responsibility for their existence. Mr. Hayes needs no de
fense. But whp is His accuser? 'Who and what is Hearst that he
*may accuse other men? . He represents in Congress the sink-hole
'district of Ne\v York City. He is one of the stenches that rise from
the cesspool of the filth and vice. of the darkest part of New York.
Wherever he has lived Jie has. left behind a 'trail of transgression.
. His path may be traced by the muck left by his feet wherever they
have touched the earth. He has corrupted politics, journalism and
social life. His career sweats disregard of the code of morals, and
the example be has set before others leads hellward for such as
follow it. ' /.•¦ ¦- '•¦¦ ';•_
THE ATTACKS ON HAYES.
"Again?" said the doctors at the
Poiyclinic Hospital, Philadelphia, as a
policeman carried into the building the
unconscious form of Ernest Haiman,
a negro boy, who lives at Dickinson
and Bouvier streets. . . ¦¦
, "Three times In ¦ week, % eh?" re
sponded the policeman.
Haiman had a gasoline "jag." He
was brought to the hospital In a like
condition last Friday and Sunday.. The
police say he Is a confirmed gasoline
drunkard, despite his youth.'
The boy climbs up the posts of street
lamps which burn gasoline, soaks a
rag in 'the fluid and inhales it until
the fumes overcome him. The "Jag"
usually last . only a short time. .
Gets Gasoline "Jags"
and* He's Only a Boy
ped mentally, nor by experience, for the office of President, that
business men became alarmed and without regard to party combined
and defeated him.
Judge Parker is going the same pace. While he confined him
self to abstractions he was tolerable. But recently he has stepped
off speculative ground and has been making speeches which dis :
close a mind unfitted for the executive duties and responsibilities
which a President must discharge. His discussion of fiscal matters
and of public finances show him' profoundly unlearned and amaz
ingly credulous as to pie management of the finances of the Gov
ernment. He is incapable of grasping such questions. Perhaps.it
is this inability to comprehend a fiscal question that led him to twice
support Mr. Bryan's wild p6ints of finance.
Secretary Hay points out Judge Parker's equally wild expres
sions about the Philippines, in which he undershoots and overshoots
with a recklessness that would scatter the bystanders if he were
handling a gun with equal recklessness. The people do not want
a credulous and wondering man for President, no matter how amiable
he may be. The Judge seems to be that kind of person and reveals
himself in the Esopus oratory that he is using in the closing days
of the campaign.
Since he has made these wobbly speeches there has evidently
been a new alignment in New York that has ended all doubt about
President Roosevelt carrying the State. Going to the betting as an
indication, after each of the Judge's speeches his backing declines.
The professional bettors are not moved by any impulse. They are
perfectly cold-blooded. Many of them in New York City are Demo
crats, but they are also professional students of chance and put up
the odds with a perfectly cold heart, as far as partisanship is con
cerned.
The business men are equally indifferent to party politics when
the issue is between a man who is expert -as an executive with a
level head and knowledge of public affairs, and one who seems
to combine a stolid and a credulous quality of mind. that would make
him an unsafe man in the office which he seeks. jThe judgment of
business men beat Hancock, with all his deserved military honors
upon him, and the same unerring judgment will defeat Judge Parker.
— , — ._ — ~j .. — — _ ._ — _, — — — _ —
ideht Roosevelt and'a Republican House of Representatives.
We don't want 1893 over again. We don't want another tinker
at the protective tariff, like that Democratic- nondescript which even
Mr. Cleveland- was compelled to. denounce as a' record of fraud and
dishonor. This Government is for the prosperity of men and not
for the jp'ins- of money alone, and men, and not money, will decide
The facts as made public now, from a variety of sources in
both- parties, amouh-t to a demonstration that the confidence ex
pressed by Judge Parker's managers, in the face of adverse condi
tions apparent to all. politicians, has no better foundation than this
alliance with -Rockefeller. But no Republican nor' independent
voter; is the least shaken by this situation. The faith of the Presi
dent is in the people and the faith of the people is in the President.
In this mutuality of interest there is an alliance stronger than could
be made by a combination of all the trusts- in the- country with Judge
Parker. The people want good faith, high purpose and clean politics
to .win, and they will "have it so next Tuesday inr the election of Pres-
The Judge's chief manipulator in New York City, Senator McCarren,
is known to be one of the Standard's political agents. When he was
interviewed' on the subject by a Parker paper he refused to make
answer. ' • '-.'¦•:•>.
•" • No one deiues'Mr. Rockefeller's right to favor whom he pleases
fof .the Presidency, and no one denies the subtlety of the Standard
OH trust in the use of money for political purposes. A majority of
the people, however, doubt the power of money to buy a Presiden
tial election. It. has never been done in this country, and probably
will never be- ddne. It is known of all men, however, that the
Standard Oil Company has supreme faith in the power of money to
do anything, and this faith accounts for its attempt to offset by
money the public lack of confidence in the Democratic party, and the
cras.s blunders -of Jtidge Parker. :;>/
The* alliance of Rockefeller and Democracy is nefarious, for the
reason that the party he is trying to reinstate in power has gained
what little popularity it has by denouncing the methods he is em
ploying" in its behalf. This implies a vast and vicious system of
false pretenses which must appall the thoughtful citizen. President
Roosevelt put the matter just as the people see it when he said that
he dia not wish any one. connected with Standard Oil to contribute
to his campaign, and declared that-any proposition from that source
to" contribute to. the Democrats . in Democratic States and to the
Republicans m Republican States was also vicious, for no contribu
tions, should be made .to either. ' From the beginning of the cam
paign" the' activity- of Standard Oil against the President has been
apparent. 'I Judge Parker's campaign in New York was opened by
.Senator- Bailey, who is believed by many to be a Standard man.
t-jORMERLY the oscillating quantity in campaigns was repre-
M serited by the Vanderbilts, then by Jay Gould, who testified that
I- in "Democratic -districts he was a Democrat and in Republican
districts a Republican. Now this pendulum sort of politics is rep
resented by Mr. Rockefeller and the Standard Oil trust.
Long before the nominations were made this year, it was made
evident by signs known to politicians that Mr. Rockefeller had
joined forces with J. J. Hill and other enemies of 'President Roose
velt to defeat him. The Republican National Convention was in the
hands of the people and nothing* could be done there. The fight, .a
.powerful and secret one, had to be made against the President as a
candidate, and must continue to the polls. The President secured
"himself agamst. treachery, by putting Mr. Cortelyou at the head of
the National Committee, and his campaign has been made open and
aboveboard. His support has come from the legitimate business
nieuiof the country, .allied with all the common interests of the peo
ple, iu'poh which he relies for the victory he is sure to win next
Tiiesdav, • ' • .
MR. ROCKEFELLER.
The yearly report laid before the
Austrian Ministry of Commerce by the
Vienna Chamber of Commerce and In
dustry'registers a great decrease in
the number . of . corsets manufactured
during the past year. It '. attributes
this decreaso-.to the publication of
medical opinion condemning tight lac
ing and also to the extension of the
"reformkleid," or ratlor. 1 ess.
All corset ctories have reduced t the
number of their employes and sorae
have closed altogether.
Corsets in Austria.
THE CAPTAIN-J.S., City. The cap
tain of a ship is always the captain or
master, even when he takes a pilot on
board. The pilot, unless the master
surrenders the command" of the vessel
to him, has no authority except to en
force sailing or steaming orders. The
best proof that the captain is the mas
ter of the ship all the time Is that even
should he turn the ship over to a pilot
he has the authority at any time to
discharge the pilot. .
SULLJVA^CORBETT— R. C. R.,
Scotia, Cal. The following in relation
to the 8uHIvan-Corbett fight Is from
the record of Sullivan: September 7,
1892 — John L. Sullivan- James J. .Cor
bett (212-17&); 5 oz.; $25,000 purse and
J20.000, stake; Olympic Club. New Or
leans; Professor John Duffy, referee;
Corbett got first blood In fifth round:
Sullivan 3 and 4 to 1; twenty-one
rounds; Sullivan lost.
AN AUGUST DATE— D. M.. San Le
andro. CaL The 23d of August. 1S30.
fell on a Monday.
Answers to Queries.
So -brief the time — so rain-dark with
. >; Love's tears;
So vainly for one gleam of grace 1
' . yearn,
With but one cry in all the dying years,
"Return, sweet Day, return!"
— Kansas City Journal.
The same sweet stars are in the heavens
of blue;
The same sad lessons Life hath still
I am aweary for the love of you;
Kind Day.' return — return! '
Return, O Day. j from out the vanished
years
Where now no fires on ruined altars
¦ burn; • '
I give you all Love's tenderness ana
tears;
Return, sweet Day. return!
Return, Sweet Day.
Potato salad— One teaspoonful of
mustard, one of salt, one of pepper
and the yolks of two eggs, mix to
gether and pour one teacupful of boil
ing vinegar into the mixture; stir and
let stand until cold, then chop one
onion and two stalks of celery until
very fine; add to. this half a dozeh
gcod-sized cold, potatoes cut in dice;
pour the dressing over potatoes.
Corn beef hash — Take one cupful of
cooked corned beef, two and 'a half
cups of boiled potatoes, one onion,
half teaspoonful salt, a dash of pep
per; chop all together till fine; then
put a lump of butter in frying pan.
put in the hash and add a little water,
cover and steam until very hot.
Almond cake — Half cupful of but
ter, two cupfuls of white sugar, four
eggs, one-half cupful of blanched al
monds cut fine; half teaspoon extract
of bitter almonds, one pint of flour,
teaspoon and a half of baking pow
der, one-half cupful of milk; one small
glassful of brandy: rub butter and
sugar to a cream, put In eggs, one at
a time, beating all the time; sift flpur
and powder together, . add to mixture
almonds, brandy and milk. • mix lr^
rather thick batter, bake twenty min
utes.
For the Table.
If you have leisure time during the
next six weeks make two or three
dainty slips fastened down the back of
muslin or China silk for house wear
next winter. If you are subject to colds
male them with high neck and long
sleeves and wear under them a Shet
land wool corset cover and petticoat.
Dozens of women use silk pongee,
which is durable and has a little body
in it. [.:':¦
The necessity of having a taffeta lin
ing for a thin house frock has gone.
In truth, it looks rather heavy and stiff
by the side of the exquisite linings of
China and Japanese silk.
The women who can afford only one
such lining make this up into a slip,
with blouse and skirt gathered at one
belt and fastened down back, cut either
high or low.
There Is still another class of women
who do not wish to afford even a slip
of China silk, and they should be de
lighted to know that they are equally In
fashion by wearing a smartly made and
trimmed corset cover and petticoat of
white muslin.
All of these fashionable edicts make
the house wardrobes for the average
woman a much easier problem than It
has been for years.
Remember that thin fabrics are
cheaper now than ever: that there Is no
reason to believe the styles In them will
change for • this winter; that flowered
and colored fabrics are more fashion
able than white, and that white cotton
net will be elaborately used next sea
son, .run through with silver or gold
threads, trimmed In blonde lace and
sometimes touched with polka dots of
colored floss. SihB
Thousands of women cannot afford
silk linings for anything. Other thou
sands are delighted that they don't
have to afford taffeta at a dollar a
yard except for the handsomest frock,
says the Pittsburg Press.
All in one with the reformation from
heavy clothes Is the abandoning of taf
fetas for linings. * except where velvet
arid elegant cl6ths are concerned." Lib
erty satin has been substituted for
evening gowns and china silk for house
wear.
A curious defense was put forward
in Paris the other day by a lawyer
when pleading for his client, a young
and aristocratic looking lady named
Madame Deline, a confirmed klepto
maniac, who was put on her trial for
the theft of a remnant of silk from
one of the large Paris drapery shops.
The prisoner had been condemned on
ten previous .occasions for similar of
fenses. Her counsel pointed out that
she had never stolen anything but
silk. The touch of this material, he
explained, produced a singular sensa
tion of fascination which Madame Dc-
Hne found it impossible to resist. The
truth of this, he continued, was borne
out by medical evidence and recognized
by the magistrate before whom she
was brought on the last occasion, who.
in spite of her previous convictions,
fined her only one franc The further
hearing of the case was postponed In
order that the woman's mental condi
tion might be inquired into.
Silk Linings Are
Not So Necessary
Cannot Resist Theft .'
When Touching. Silk
Xevia Item From, Esopus.— Judge Parker was the victim of souvenir hunters when a Jersey delegation
called to pay their respects. Anything portable that they could lay their hands on was taken, even
PARKER: "Don't take away my farming implements and live stock. Til
need -them in my business next month. ' ' .
8
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public mea by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's),' SO Cal-
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1042."*"'
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 71S Market st -NEW DELEGATE WHO WILL BE I
SENT BT THE POPE TO THE
PHILIPPINE ISLAND8.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY . RETURNS.— DU,
tiict Attorney Byington returned from his lone
vacation . yesterday i afternoon. : He • looks . well
and says he has spent a most enjoyable time.
From here he went to ; St. - Louis ¦ and ' after
doing; the exposition he. visited Cincinnati and
Cleveland. . From there he went . to the Thou
sand Iiles and down the St. Lawrence River
to Montreal and Quebec, thence home.
J. E. Heath, an Englishman, who
Is' the owner of considerable real j es
tate, became 'suddenly bereft of his
reason yesterday .morning and left his
residence at 3024 California street
about the hour when business people
were leaving their homes and rushing
for street- cars. , After Heath * gained
the sidewalk he ambulated in the most
reckless manner, totally -unconscious
of the ridiculous figure he cut, as he
strolled along clad in the scantiest of
apparel. He was coaxed into engine
house, 28, where he was detained un
til the arrival of the patrol wagon
from the : O'Farrell-Btreet police ,; sta
tion, when ihe was conveyed to tho
Detentlon Hospital at the City Hall,
where he was recognized 'as being a
parole patient from the Stockton Stata
Hospital: for the . Insane.'.
Xude Morning Stroller.
John McHugh of 1011 Polk "street
sustained serious injuries yesterday
afternoon by being knocked down by
a wagon while crossing Geary and
Powell streets. He was removed to
the Emergency Hospital, where . Dr.
Pinkham diagnosed his injuries as
fracture of the skull, together with
several lacerated wounds of the hands
and face. ¦ ';"V
Knocked Down by Wagon.
Frank Bills, an electrician residing
at 317. Mississippi street, while replac
ing an .electrical brush on the over
head trolley at the Union Iron Works
had his right leg badly lacerated by a
revolving cogwheel. While Bills was
reaching upward to make fast the
brush the running gear caught the
cloth of his overalls and hoisted his
limb up to the teeth of the wheel. The
Injured man was treated by Dr. Buell
at the Potrero Hospital, after which
he wap removed to his home.
Electrician cancht by Cogwheel.
POSTERS and BANNERS. — Oabriel Printing;
Co. print anything;- , 419 Sacramento st. •* •
The Inter Nos Club will give its sec
ond annual ball Thursday evening. No
vember 3, at Native Sons' Hall, 414
Mason street. Music will be furnished
by Fitzgerald's orchestra. The committee
in charge has spared neither time nor
expense to make this affair a grand suc
cess. *
Arthur Wallace, a carpenter resid
ing at 1126 Howard street, has taken
a vow that he will abstain from clam
soup for the balance of his days. This
vow followed after his having ab
sorbed sufficient ptomaine poison in
the last feast he enjoyed in a neigh
boring restaurant on Tuesday night.
A hurried trip to the Emergency Hos
pital saved his life after the doctor
used the stomach pump.
Found Ptomnlne In Clam Soup.
If you doslre the appetite and diges
tion of early years, take Lash's Kidney
and Liver Bitters. .. •
It was while engaged in breaking into
one of these devices last night that
young Salzmann was caught. He was
detected and captured by George
Adams, one of the clerks. The little
fellow kicked and fought for his liberty
like any adult crook would have done.
He had his pockets Jammed with the
coveted coppers. The other youngsters
made good their escape.
The youthful "burglar" was turned
over: to Policeman Hennebery and
taken to the Central station. When
questioned by Lieutenant Green Willie
admitted that he and "the gang" had
been stealing for weeks past from the
penny parlors. He denies that he ever
was allowed to keep any of the money,
but was made to turn it over to his
teachers, one of whom was a girl. He
does not know what she did with the
ponnles. He says that the other boys
used to give him a few pennies to pur
chase candy with, and then took the
rest home to their mothers, saying to
the parents that they found the coins.
The proprietors of themusee have
been annoyed by small thefts for some
time. Gum machines have been stolen
and brazen robberies committed In the
presence of a house full of persons.
On account v of the extreme youth of
Salzmann the charge against him was
reduced from burglary to petty lar
ceny. He was later bailed out by his
father, who feels keenly his small son's
position. The police have good descrip
tions of the other boys and the little
girl, and expect soon to arrest them.
Dickens' characters in his book, "Oli
ver Twist," the "Artful Dodger" and
Charley Bates, had but one preceptor,
Fagin. Little Salzmann says that he
was trained to steal by four other small
boys and a little sirl, whose names, he
alleges, he does not know. For weeks
past the gang has stolen more than $100
from the machines. The little thieves
open the lock boxes with keys when the
place is crowded and extract all the
pennies they can carry-
An 8-year-old boy, one of a gang of
young crooks, was arrested last night
for robbing penny-in-the-slot machines
at Bacigalupi's penny arcade on
Kearny street, near Washington. The
lad's name Is Willie Salzmann, son of
Peter Salzmann, a baker residing at 1
Kent street. The little fellow, whose
diminutive size would lead one to be
lieve that he is not more than six years
of age, brazenly admits that he was a
pupil of a gang of other small boys and
a girL
Hermann Schussler. chief engineer
of the Spring Valley Water Works,
occupied the witness stand In United
States Commissioner Heacock's court
yesterday afternoon and described
from blueprints and his own gray
cerebral matter the aqueducts, reser
voir and pipe line systems' at Sunol
and Niles. He said that the Niles sys
tem used in supplying water to San
Francisco was. abandoned on Novem
ber 27, 1900, and the newly construct
ed Sunol system used instead.
Schussler Describes Pipes.
LITTLE WILLIE,
ARTFUL DODGER
(POPULAR AND CHARMING SOCIETY WOMAN AND LEADER OF THE SMART
SET. WHO WAS GUEST OF HONOR AT LUNCHEON GIVEN YESTERDAY
BY RAPHAEL WEILL AT THE BOHEMIAN CLUB.
The secretary of state soon enlight
fned the astonished father, who, not
withstanding his great modestv, was
oblfged to end by accepting the position
of apoFlclic delegate to the Philippines.
ROME, Nov. 2. — Father Ambrose
Agius was recently appointed papal
delegate to the Philippines. He has led
a busy, varied life* in which he has
learned to take a broad view of persons
and things. He was born in Egypt on
September 17, 1S56. but was educated in
England, where he took the habit of
the Benedictines at Ramsgate in 1871,
taking his ,next degree at Sublaco, in
Italy, where is the chief house of the
Benedictines. This. degree was conferred
by Cardinal Monaco La Valletta, .who
climbed to the Holy Speco, which all
travelers know, to celebrate the inter
esting symbolic function.
Some time afterward Father Ambrose,
together with the two brothers Serafiri,
also Benedictines, founded a house of
their order at Malta, and as they had
neither money, position nor influence
lived there as real hermits. The holy
work, however, seems to have blessed
them, as they have all risen to. high,
positions in the church. One Seraflni is
apostolic delegate' In Mexico and thu
ether general of the Benedictln»3.
. A- few months ago Father Agius had
to go to England, and Pope Pius X in
taking leave of him said, "We will meet
again soon," and. In fact, two months
later. Just as Agius was about to board
a shlo to go to America, he received a
telegram from Cardinal Merry del Val
saying, "Drop even* engagement and
come to Rome."
Wondering and mystified, he arrived
in the Eternal City and immediately
asked an audience of the Pope. The
Pope met him smiling and said, "I con
gratulate.you most sincerely," and see
ing Agius' look of bewilderment adde-J
laughing. "I will not tell you what for;
I wish to leave that pleasure to his Em
inence Cardinal Merry del Val. Go to
him."
The room of Philip . Hinkle, 435
Eush street, was entered early yester
day morning while he was absent for
a few minutes and his gold watch,
valued at $90 was stolen. He observed
J. B. Cannon, another lodger, crossing
the hallway from his room as he was
returning. He notified Policeman. Max
Fenner, who found the watch In a
lot adjoining the . house underneath
Hinkle's window. • Fenner arrested
Cannon and Henry Daley, his room*
mate, and locked them in "the ta*W
pending further Investigation.
Suspected of Burglary.
¦'¦TL/ilU AJ» OPIUM JOLN'T. — Ser£eaat Ellis
lr. -" »v;.:»Ji .ra.'ioJ an " op:uol " Joint at 1117A
Jftocjctdn . street- -yesterday,, Three mes, ffll
.•»*:. ill j>r.Ti.v. - \VU)iaxn Zioberts and Frank
Cnuth. a£d. GeortfjL Reyn&d-i. a woman 24
i'jiira of age. were arrested. They were booked
at -tbe C.ty Prison a&4 released 'on bail. Two
l»>i.»it» . were e»i*ed. Tfyt wooxaa la a con
firt&ed' opiUm ;*fltnd" and haa been arrested
*£vfr*i t&sea. .
A Week of wedded life for Willianr
and Nellie Baeorrie was ended by the
Eudden and unexplained desertion by
the bride, and the husband now seeks
a divorce. Bacome complains that
they were' married on August 31 last
and one night a week later he came
home and found the house deserted.
His wife had taken his five-year-old
son with her and when he located
them she declined to return, although
he offered to take her home in a hack.
He now says that she had ulterior mo
tives in marrying him.
Eva Frances Frodsham wants a di
vorce from her husband, William
Frodsham, because of his cruelty,
which, she says, consisted of threat
ening her life, choking her, whipping
her with a cat-o'-nine-talls, throwing
a loaf of bread at her and slapping
her with a folded newspaper.
Other suits for divorce were filed
by Benson E. Lee against Sarah M.
Lee, desertion; Yetta Glassman
against Louis Glassman, desertion;
Lola de Luca against Alfonso de Luca,
cruelty; Palma C. Parkin against S.
H. Parkin, desertion and neglect;
Lucy Hadley Kelsey against Nicholas
E. Kelsey, neglect; Walter S. Johnson
against Alice M. Johnson, desertion;
Sarah McPherson against Osborne
McPherson, neglect
A divorce was granted by Judge
Hebbard to Ada A. O'Brien from
James A. O'Brien for cruelty.
Italo A. Calpestri, a clerk for Fu
gazi & Co.. says he was a banker In
Genoa, Italy, but was driven from
home and business by the cruelty of
his wife. Bendetta. Yesterday, through
his attorneys, Soderberg &. Walsh, he
filed a suit for divorce. In the land
of sunny skies they were married in
1888, and a daughter, now five years
old, was born, to them. It is said that
In June. 1902, the wife scratched her
husband's face and "threatened other
wrongs." In August following, be
cause of her circulation of false
charges against him, he was com
pelled to abandon his business and
leave for the United States.
Lucille Schmoll, who on May 17
sued her husband, George Schmoll,
for $160 a month separate mainte
nance, yesterday dimissed the action
and sued him for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. They were married
at Reno in April of last year and she
Eaid his abuse began a month later.
In a cross-complaint to her former
suit Schmoll accused his wife of fre-
Quentlng dance halls.
The demand of Lucy Loupy for
$100 a month pending the trial of her
suit for divorce against Jean Loupy,
one of the proprietors of the Pup ro
tisserie, is resisted by the . defendant,
who -filed an affidavit yesterday de
claring the restaurant to be worth
only $30,000, Instead of $50,000, and
its income $150 a month, instead of
$2000, as alleged by the wife. He
also says that the fittings are mort
gaged for $9000 and the indebtedness
of himself and partner is $19,155. He
says Mrs. Loupy owns $8000 worth of
realty, with an income of $81 a
month.
ITALIAN BANKER
WANTS DIVORCE
, Thejnas King Lee<?er of Sydney ar
rived, here yesterday and Is at the Oc
clftenat; Mr- Leederis a" 'Judge and has
•bfen trsLVeling througn'this tountry for
£qur ninths studying- the various
rtiethods pt treating criminals In the
lower "courts. " He will leave for Au
g'tralia en .thtf next steamer.
Count von Pfeil, a noted professor of
geography aikd.a delegate from Ger
niany to the International Geographical
Congress, held in St. Lou-is, arrived at
the -Palace yesterday. With a number
Ci other foreign scientists he has- been
visiting- *M.exico and .is now making a
tour of .California.
¦ H..C. Shannon, for fifteen years man
ager *of the Langham Hotel in. New
York, has been appointed manager of
rlje: Hotel Baltimore of this city.
Getfrge H. Root, •former chief clerk of
the S.tate Supreme Court, whe is now
engaged. In ruining In Nevada County,
and hjs wlf e are guests at the Lick.
T. D. McKay, who represents the
H^arriman steamship and railroad lines
in the Orient, returned yesterday from
a visit to -the St. Loiiis Exposition- and
Is bx the Palace. He leaves for Japan
on the next steamer*. '
.J. M. Davftison and Frank Phlscator,
who have been mining at Nome, regis
tered- yesterday at the Grand.
; .Captain Jt>hn Cross, the well-known
"railroad prompter, is up from Los An
geles ind staying at the Palace.
• Mrs. M. M.« Garwood of Reno, who
represents the Nevada. State Board of
Trade, arrived' at the Grand yesterday.
William Brasisford, . a' capitalist of
Salt* Lake, and" his bride are spending
their h&neymoon on the coast and reg
istered yesterday at the Palace.
Mr. a3id Mrs. John C. Dawson of
•Philadelphia are among the latest ar
rivals ax the St. Francis.
John L. Maher of the United States
revenue cutter McCulloch Is at the Cali
•fornia. .
Railroad Commissioner A- C. Irwin is
down -from Marj'sville and staying at
the Lick. • .
Charles. E. Morris, a prominent min
ing man .of Butte, Mont., Is at the Pal
ace.
-Thomas J. Kirk. State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, is at the Palace.
• Professor Campbell x>t the Lick Ob-
Fervatory is registered- at the St. Fran-
F. .H. Harlow of Boston Is at the Oc
cidental.
Rev. J. H. Meyer and wife of Chicago
are &\ the. Grand.
Congressman J. N. Gillett of Eureka
it ax the Palace.
Dr. F. JoKes of New Orleans Is regis
tered at the Palace.
. J. B.' Dougherty, proprietor of a hotel
at Durrsmuir. is. .at the Grand.
" W. F. Knox, a prominent lumberman
ef Sacramento, is at the Grand.
Grant Shyder, who Is interested In
mining at Kennet, is at the Palace.
PERSOXAIi.
"Yes, it Is true -that two members of
the Grand Jury have been approached
within the past twenty-four hours,"
said Foreman Lilienfeld last, evening.
"We know positively that the men who
tried to intercede in behalf of the com
missioners came as the representatives
of the administration. .That is all I
care to say of the matter."
The foreman made this statement on
information furnished him by the two
jurors in question.
"There is no use of their trying to
Influence me," declared Esberg. "I am
on record as voting to take steps
against the Board of Election Commis
sioners and I shall vote that way every
time the matter comes up. I believe
that the commissioners were guilty of
malfeasance in their failure to comply
with the requirements of law in ap
pointing precinct boards for the n»
cent primaries and that they deserve
to be ousted from office. They may as
well talk to the Rock of Gibraltar as
talk to me about changing my attitude
la •¦ the matter." - _. >„. . .
It Is said that the efforts to in
fluence Jungblut have been carried so
far as the making of threats against
his business interests.
Matthew I, O'Brien, one of the nine
Jurors who saved the commission at
the last session when the vote was a tie,
has gone East , on a business trip.
Wakefield Baker^ is expected to be on
hand ! to-day, arid if all the members
attend a vote of ten to eight is looked
for. According to the advice of As
sistant District Attorney Whiting
twelve votes are not required for an
accusation to remove from office, as
for the finding of an indictment. .
The Grand Jury will probably also
devote its attention to a report that
an attempt hasVbeen made to exert im
proper influence on two of its members-
Milton H. Esberg and Otto Jungblut—
to induce them not to vote for the pros
ecution of the Election Commissioners.
Two men called on Jungblut yester
day and sought to have him promise
that he would either vote against ac
cusing the board of malfeasance or
would remain away from the meeting,
so that a majority vote could not be
obtained.' The same men called on Es
berg, but he refused to see them, in
asmuch, as they announced that they
wished to see him on business connect
ed with the Grand Jury.
Esberg is treasurer of the Mose Gunst
Company. ' The visitors came to his
office in the Kearny street store. Jung
blut is associated with his father in
the billiard table manufacturing busi
ness.
Another effort will be made at the
meeting of the Grand Jury this after
noon to present an accusation against
the Election j Commissioners in an en
deavdr to have \ them removed ' from
office. Those urging prosecution of
the board believe they will have a
majority' and. that they will finally be
successful.
Matter of Accusing Board
. of :Malfeasance Will Be
Taken Up Again To-Day
3IAY \ BE INVESTIGATED
Esberg and Jungblut Tell
of Visits From Friends
of JElection Commission
APPR0ACH TWO
GRIND JURORS
THE SAN ¦ FRANGISGavGALU^ THURSDAY, 3; 190*.
WILL REPRESENT
THE VATICAN IN
THE PHILIPPINES
Mr. and Mrs. John C. Wilson, ;who
have been the recipients of much at
tention prior to their departure from
this city, were, guests of honor yester
day at a luncheon given by Raphael
Welll at. the Bohemian Club. The- Red
JJooin was" charming in decoration, pink
.roses scattered in careless profusion
piying; an. effect that .was picturesque.
Though >quite informal, the luncheon
was thoroughly delightful, and many
Xpaxls were offered for the health and
safety of the voyagers.
Mrs. Wilson looked extremely attrac
tive in a smart gown of brown.
¦ The route planned by Mr. and
JMrs. . Wilson is . one to be envied
by r any* sightseer, embracing as it does
tMe Nile, Mediterranean. Suez, with
an. automobile transportation through
Paris* and Italy, besides the tour of
all other important points.
Miss -Grace Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs.
J. D..Spreckeis Jr., Miss Helen Wagner,
Barbara Edgar Mizner and E.
M- Greenway were among those who
enjoyed the hospitality of Mr. Welll.
Mr.' and Mrs.* Wilson leave' here on
•Saturday, the 5th, going to Chicago
and New York, sailing from Boston on
the White Star liner Canoplc on No
'vember IS.
MR. A/ND MRS. J. C. WILSON ARE HONORED
. •.¦ AT LUNCHEON AT THE BOHEMIAN CLUB
RAPHAEL WEILL A GENIAL HOST
9
ru _ ij^A^CSEM3CTgTS : .
Effulgent Vaudeville!
Watson, Hntchlasr«, Edwards aad Com-
pany; the IKlssas Delaiore; Kallay and
Keehaa and Orpaeam Motion Picture*.
8nowt&r "The Widow and tha OnXr
Man." last Time* of t&a Petchiaar
Brothers; "Three Diunonas; SnUlvaa
and Pa«qnelena: Harvey Comedy Com-
pany and Owlay and KmrtaH.
R*ru!*r Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Price* — 10c. 23o
and BOc. i .: ¦.-. ¦-:.-...
I Commencir.at Pur.day Katlne*.
JOHN T. KEXLT A COMPANT
A&d Um
12 XAVAjo cnoa.
H. W. BISHOP. Ijtna** and Manager.
TO-STOHT AUD AU THIS WZZX
25 Cents I Igfig- \ 25 Cents
• OLIVER MOROSCO OFFERS
IOWAI9 QOXTXfS and J. X. OIXMOtra
AN1> THE
icajsstzo niAnx co.
In tbe Most Popular of the Shakespearean
- vi • > • Tracodles.
NIGHT PRICES. 25c to T5c.
HSXT — "AW AMIEICAN CZTXXEV."
The only stock house tn America carrying two
high-salaried leadlny men.
/-CALIFORNIA-^
"WHERE THS CROWDS ABB GODJQ.
HAVERLY'S
MINSTRELS ;
With the Funniest of All Mlnstral
Comedians.
•..BILLY VAN... t
*TTi« Assasstn et Sorrow."
And a Host of Other Bis Features.
Next Sunday Matinee — The Bis ° Pas-
toral Comedy Success.
"SWEET CLOVEat."
"With OTIS B. THATER.
First Time Here After Five Tears of
Enormous" Eastern Success.
Slxa-Claat Speciiltlea STarr Aftamooa
•nd Sranlnx In tha Theater.
TO-XTZOKT— ~
6AU AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding Wlt&
..NEW LIVING PICTURES..
LOOK OUT FOB THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
SZTiar BABT U02TS ZS THS SOO.
ADMISSION....... 10c | CHILDREN 5c
When Phonlns Ask for The Chute*.
MISCELLANEOUS AM V S l3l_fclN 'IS.
BASEBAiZ
San Francisco vs. Portland.
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts. '
TO-DAY and all w««k days. 3 p. m.
BUKDXY. 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAT AXD FRIDAT.
AdTanee sate of seats at 8 Stockton st.
P*U r a DOITT FAIL TO
1 alttU? " ge # th« ' beautiful
j COURT Lcnnging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, tha
ITf/Hin louis xv par-
U1U11U LOR. and the LA-
O J.~1~ DIES' WR1T2NQ
Hotels room -
~~~ 'LOCOMOTIVE JONES"——
November Sunset Magazine
It's by James Hopper, the famous football expert, .
who is now the coach of the Berkeley team. If you
have never enjoyed a Hopper football story, read
. this one. The illustrations are by a - football
Ana They re Good!
Read Grown Folks at School, The Girl and the •
Story" and pages of other interesting articles, stories
and verse by well-known writers.
' Thanksgiving Number -Richly Illustrated
SEND IT TO EASTERN FRIENDS
¦ — SOLD BY ALL NEWSDEALERS— —
; -'• . .• GRAPE-XUTS.
'. -*--*-- ¦.•-'.'
: • . tllffiTY- YEARS WAR.
\Mjen lUsht Food Was
'*" .;':• •. ' Adopted. ; *
' Tile right food "will make a man's
./body over completely, and cure th* old
alls.' A ¦•Danville man went through an
&CperJence phpwing iio'w true this is.
• : "*'ror. thir-ty years I had been
l.-trou-bled with" my -stomach so- bad at
tirnes. iu made me desperately sick. I
had to take- pin* and medicine aH the
tteie, v.hich made my stomach very
w#ak and headaches and oth.er mis-
er.es. made life almost unendurable
Three years ago I had an attack of
pain over my heart bo bad my wire
kej>t hot -poultices there for two
hlghts. -Took a lptmore medicine and
. finally got so bad I could eat. nothing,
at least I could eat it but would throw
.*U up again .in a few miriuxes. r tried
.pe.veral doctors, but got worse all the
tJ.me and' had; to be taken home from
the store at '-different limes.' I "was so
sick and dizzy I. could not walk a step.
• V I tell you. I know what it is to have
a weak, stomach and 'the strong medi-
cines simply [made m'atter.a worse.
• ••"! kept .oh getting weak and poor
af: the time, living much of the time
on a little toast and warm milk until
I wasted away so. that .all the clerks in
.m); «ore expected :me".to die. I tried
t verjihing inr .the way of diet without
*ny/su.ceess until two. years, ago, when
I decided, to give Grape-Nuts ten days'
• trial; ¦•; . ••• ?
. "5o. t:jstarted with- two teaspoonfuls
' of. -Grape- JCiits and .cream three times'
a. diy/ increasing to three teaspoon-
fuls, then, to four, and from the very
£rst day I commenced to improve, i
¦ gaining in weight air the time as well
as strength.- From that time It was
nothing, but progress, with me, for all
the old troubles disappeared; I got
entirely well and now weigh 180
pounds and feel as young as I did
thirty ye.ars ago.
, "The change in my nerves and brain
Is .wonderful because my memory was
vpry bad before and I was so nervous
tl y had to keep the children still all
the time, but when- brain and nerves
as well as stomach got exactly the
nourishment they needed from Grape-
Xuts they built up strong and healthy.
All of my family eat Grape-Nuts now
and the children are well and remark-
ably eturdy on It. We eat six boxes
cf it every week."- Name given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich. ••
Look In each pkg. for the famous
little book, "The Road to Wellvllle."
*.•_._ ' ' ' FRAQEB3 '
TO-DAY
On Every Purchase of $1.00 or Over
There Will Be "Something Doing"
To the Amount of $1.00
K*TTT COATS. comes In all sizes and Is one of ths
Mfsses* and Children's Rain Coats swellest coats shown this season.
and Mackintoshes; made of fine "s real worth Is $15.00; §10.95
navy, blue Cashmere. They have our price %?*\*m****
plaid linings and a detachable cape. -,_.^ «i-»-- tt>,,ii m >~~, j a , nr , t
r»n inoHai aai* tn-mnrrnv «?o «» •» JBuuier Plate* — tTill size aecorat-
On special sale to morrow S2.2o porce iain dinner plates In
ai different floral deslgrns; they are-
Ladies' sizes, made In CO 7<J very dainty and pretty and have a
the same style as above... V*"***' g O jd line on the edge. There are
T°H™; « OA t TO - , f KS^&^J^ 6 for 59c
Women s Tourist Coats ; . made of
fancy mannish mixtures: cut 42 Tea Cnps and Saucers — These are
Inches Ions. They have pleated a splendid shape and will match the
backs, are belted and have the new plates. They are worth at least
sleeve with narrow cuffs. This 'coat $3.00 a dozen, but are special to-
has a collar and double-breasted morrow ft fr\ r cq«
front; it also has patch pockets; It ° IUI ****t»
Special Reductions in Superb Millinery
(Second Floor)
The reductions we" have made throughout our Millinery Department
have saved considerable money for the lucky buyers who have attended
this sale. Every woman can see the values for herself.
SKESS HAT.
A fine fancy dress shape; elegantly made of Chenille braid and
shirred silk. This hat is worth at leant $1.00. Special at $3.48
Fancy Feathers. Haeckle Breast* In AQr
all colors: value $1.00; special at A **' 1 ' S& Xfr^5?g|^V
Military Pompons in all colors; worth 29C
Spangled Breasts; real worth 75c; , OQc @F^<38|Bffiil)i
extra special at fc*/w *^ -w > >3?v» Vfn
Natural "Wings in all shades; re- 29c Ix 3f frm
Fine Chenille Braid In all color*: iq r VxV
regularly sells for 40c; now '*"' &^nX^TF%^^
Extra wide Chenille; worth 11.00; JCJq - /// ™Vr//p}v&-^
BLATS fm^rfrtm ntEE.
We will trim any hat free to-day if the trimmings are bought In this
department, which means a saving of 50c to .5c. It .is a most liberal
offering.
F5s ! n
DEPABTMX2TT fl -| I JI Hi 1^ H T^ ¦ COaiPUSTE •
west op (I; s+L-Jr i A2rD "Q^ 108 ..
CHICAGO. g"^ ALWAYS RELIABLE DEPARTMENTS
p. i23a» |25O MARKET ST.^i. /o
AMUSEMENTS.
!?ULU EflJESa A LMIS3 THEA'.a
this -vr eeb: [ ohit-^—
NIghUy. Including Sunday— Matinee Saturday.
John C. Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley present
ISADOKE RUSH
And a Superb Company In the Farcical Comedy
Success,
Glittering Gloria
Beginning NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. .
- . George Ade^s Quaint Comedy. Dram*.
The COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
Presented by a Powerful and Perfectly Bal-
anced Cast of San Francisco FaTorltes.
SEAT SALE BEQIX3 TO-DAY.
GRAN_D8™g
"'Prstty Piggy* Pliuts Asiitatt."— Blksea*
PirUBgten, in Call. ,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND 8UNDAY.
This Week and Next
¦ I HP In France* Aymar
I A M L MatheW. Plctur.
JHIIL :, e*,ueplay.
CORCORAN PRETTY
Supported by flTflOV
ANDREW ROBSQN rtUUI
61 " POPULAR PRICES.
ALCAZAR^S
General lluutr,
TO-NIGHT- ALL THIS WKBK.
'MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Franklin Fyle's ReallsUo Drama.
\DRUSA\
I WAYNE]
A Story of Absorbing Interest. '
IJlllan Lawrence. John Cral*. Eauabeth Wood-
son and aU the Alcaaar Favorites.
Evening. 25o to 75c;^MaUnees »« to SOo.
Next Monday — First Time In BtocK. A. o.
Gunther'a Merry Comedy.
PRI1SCE KARL-
The Play That Made Mansfield Famons.
flTTftTIf I'K * TBUniPat— —
Premiere In San Francisco of th»
great London and New York mualc-
- al triumph In two acts, entitled:
X|_f C? I First Tlnve Anywbw»
** »— * I at Popular Prices.
MESSEINGER
Bf~% "V^ I First Time Anywhwl
V^ » _ I at Popular Prices. I
BY THE AUTHORS OF THE TOREADOR,
WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST.
Seats Now Sellln*— Usual TTroll Prloes.
25c — 50o— 73c — Only Mattne* Saturday.
CENTRAL''- ir
Market «t-. near Eighth. Phoo» South 58X
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WESSK.
. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First time here of the sensational melodrama,
THE WORST WOMAN IN LONDON
Great Scenic Prodnctlon, Thrtllln* Situ-
ations, Elegant CMtnmea. . the Murder. , the
Mansion of Crime. Revenge • at Last. Um
Bloody FUht,. the Bank Clerk's Sin. .
THRILLING ESCAPE FROM BURNING
BUILDING ON A WIRE STRETCHED IN
. MIDAIR TWENTY FEET ABOVBJ
THE STAGE 1 ! t
DDWEC Evenings.......'. lfto to 60o
rKIlt 3 Matinees. . ............ .10c, 15c, 2So
irbacT— "hi;» ha^^taqi; tow."
I* J
m.'°/6r<fte"«Bi ¦¦¦¦ ¦BHSBBSBBss* MaJCn^/
\Si<330 MARKET ST.SJ.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearCAPTURED THIEF, BEGS
OFFICERS TO SHOOT HIM
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 2.— Alfred de
Oro of New York City won the pool
championship of the world by de
feating James K. Keogh of Buffalo
by a score of 125 to 120 in the final
game." v
Pool Championship for De Oro.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 2.
The entries for the fall tournament of
the Chess Club closed yesterday with
eighteen men in the contest. As there
are : only nine men allowed on / the
team there ; will . be some close .com
petition in the " coming ' tournament.
Pour) of the old members . are ¦ back
in the -contest, but as they are men
who did not ' make the team last year
they iwitl . havey to play good chess ' to
get in the /club. There are also a
number of f freshmen trying for the
club.^ I
• ¦;¦:. All the : preliminary games will be
played before December '20. Presi
dent ;R. A.?. Fuller has ibeen corre
sponding : with! W. : E. 1 ; Neville of : San
Francisco o ; concerning - the • proposed
exhibition match '-, which 4 the .- latter '. is
to give under the auspices of the dub."
Stanford r Students Strive - for Repre
sentation on Team of Nine..
COLLEGE CHESS TOURNAMENT.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 2.
The fall field meet will ; be held on the
19th inst on the Stanford oval this
year if the weather is favorable." In
former years this meet has been a
handicap affair in order to encourage
new men to come out. This year a
scratch meet will be held.
This meeting will be an interclass
contest,' each ~ class entering a team
and the points being given according
to the men's class. .
Each Class Will Enter a Team in the
Comnetition.
TRACK MEET AT STANFORD.
Reserve stake — Confident vs. Rich Array;
Aggie W. va. False Alarm; Concord Tralee vs.
Tricksey; Gold Chain vs. Sky Van; Texas
Jill vs. Miss Lucille; Crawford Belle vs. Miss
Green; The Rival vs. Lord Brazen; Polka Dot
vs. For Gold; Sylvester vs. Una; Idaho Boy
vs. Cubanola; The Delta vs. Paul Dunbar;
lone Hill Vs. Reckless Acrobat; Ml Amlgo vs.
Story's Sister; ' Don Pedro vs. Real Pasha;
Adonla va. Aurella; Belle Marie vs. Glaucus;
Eden VaU vs. Prompto; Presto vs. . Runaway
Actress; Dorothy M vs. Frisco Lad; Golden
Garter vs.. Iodine; Laboring Boy vs.' Colored
Lady: Little Dainty vs. Texas Black Lips;
Sir Wlnton vs. -Ragged Actor; Tralee Boy vs.
Shadow : Wild Norah vs. Mollle Me; Slroc
vs. John Heenan; Liberator vs. Red Rock;
Royal • Spirit ; vs. Golden ; Fortune.
.. Class stake^ — Pomcna vs. Valley R Pride;
Frisky Barbara vs. La Rosa; Richard Anton
vs. Panoche ; Lucy Clair vs. Quita. -v.
A'collection of fast greyhounds are
entered in the Reserve and Class stakes
to be run on Sunday at Union Coursing
Park. The Reserve stake has fifty-six
entries and the Class event eight. ; ; Po
mona, Valley Pride, Frisky Barbara;
Richard Anton and other great dogs
will ; meet in the latter. Following is
the result of last night's.draw:
Stolen bases — Graham 2, Doyle,'. Nordyke,
Ruse, McLaughlln. Errors — Graham 2, Jones,
Mason, Nordyke. Hits— Oft Jones . 6, ; oft Ma
son 0. ¦ . Home run — Eagan. ~ Three-base hit-
Lynch. Two-base hits— Flood. Smith, Graham,
Ross/ Cravath.. Chase. Sacrifice hits — Doyle,
Graham. Overall, Casey, Eagan. Left on bases
— Los Angeles 6, Tacoma 8. » Bases on balls —
SUMMARY,
Los Angeles ...0-0 0 02 0 0 8 x— 10
Base hits 2 0 0 12 0 1 8 x— 11
Tacoma' 0 13 1 0 0 1 0 ,0— 6
Base hits 0 2 2 2 2 1, 1 2 0—12
Los Angeles— Tacoma—
A.B. R, H. P. A. A.B. R. H. P.A.
Bernd.cf 4 2 1 1 0 Doyle, rt 4 . 0 1 • 1' 0
Flood. 2b 4 2 2.6.1 Shehn.3b 000 0 1
Smith,3b 5 12 10 Nordk.lb 6 2 18 1
Chance.c 6 12 5 4 Eagan, s 4 1 2 11
Cravat,rf 3 110 0 Casey,2b 3 110 4
Chase.lb 3 11 9 0 Lynch, cf 3 1 2 40
Toman.s 4 0 0 1 3jMcLgh,U 4 0 2 0 0
Ross. If 3 1 1 3 0 Grahm.c 3 0 110 1
Jones, p 0 0 0 1 0,Overall,p 3 i 2 0 1
Mason,, p 3 1 1 0 0 — _
— — ¦ 1 Totals. 84 6 12 24 9
Totals.34 10 11 27 13]
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2. — Los An
geles took the first game of the final
series against Tacoma. The two
teams are nearly tied for , first place.
The score was 10 to 6. and the game
was won by the locals in the eighth
inning after one of the most exciting
batting rallies ever seen on the local
grounds. Overall had the locals com
pletely puzzled up to the eighth, while
Oscar Jones of Brooklyn proved. easy
for Tacoma. He retired in favor of
Mason, Morley's new pitcher from
Baltimore, at the end of the third in
ning. In the eighth inning Chance
started a batting rally and before the
third man was put out Overall had
been touched for two doubles, three
singles, made a wild pitch and given
a base on balls. These, together with
two errors by the infield, netted the
locals eight runs.
Mason, pitched a steady game.
Chance's work behind the bat was a
feature. Attendance 3000. Score:
Angels Get Wise and Inaugurate a
Great Batting Rally.
Sixty-Four High-Class Dogs
Are Drawn for Two Stakes
at Union Coursing Park
DRILL TOWER KJCHIBITIO^f.— There wtlt
be an exhibition this morning at. 10 o'clock at'
the Seventeenth- street drill tower for the ben
efit of Fire Commissioner A: Berx of Hono
lulu. • . ' ¦.
NO REST FOR POOR TIGERS.
Third race, six furlongs — Kurtzman won,
Jake Greenberg second. Early Boy third, t Time,
1:13%;
Fourth race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Thornhedge n won. Rip second, Trenct
The Mere third. Time. 3:02%.
Fifth race, mile and a half — Prism, won,
Barney Burke second, Prof. Neville third.
Time, 2:35.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Hetdel
burg won. Harpoon second, J. B. Smith third.
Time. 1:08.
First race, six furlongs — Determination won,
Whelcne second. Gold Splnk third. Time,
1:14%.
Second race, one mile — Varro won, Lena Reed
second. Olonetz third. Time. 1 :41.
Belles Commoner Breaks Down After
. Bein? Heavily Backed at Latonia.
CINCINNATI Nov. 2.— Thornhedge
easily won the feature event at La
tonia to-day, a handicap steeplechase
over the short course. Determination,
Thornhedge and Kurtzman were the
three successful favorites. Belles
Commoner broke down in the second
race after tfeing heavily backed. The.
weather was clear and the track fast.
Summary : s - -v v;
THREE FAVORITES REGISTER.
Third race, one mile, selling — Ethel "Wheat
101, Santa Luna 99," Hopeful Miss 99, Eclectic
First race, seven-elghthe of a mile, selling —
Artemesia 100, Rachel Ward 95, Hunterdon
100, John Doyle OS. LustJg 107. Frivol 96, Hick
ory Corners 96, Phlora 100, Vestry 105, Ethel
Davis 100, Thistle Do 109. Belltoone 100.
Second race, five and a half furlongs,
purse — Mary Eleanor 107, Martha Cella 104.
Trappist 107, Miss Jordan 107. Suzanne Ro
comorra 110, Mum 114, Monaco Maid 104.
Falma Belle 104. . ¦ "^ -*V
CINCINNATI, Nov. 2. — The; entries
for to-morrow's racing at Latonia
follow:
LATOXIA ENTRIES.
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, sell-
Ing— Harlequin 103. Whirlpool 101, Mcllvala
306, Milton Youne 108. Johnson 05, Shininjc
Star 106. Bis Beach- 106. Double 103 Omeaica
106, Flying Brook 98. Walsh .106, Fox . Bunt-
Ins 103. . ' '
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth, miles, handi
cap—Fonsoluca 107. Just So 87,. Early Boy- 88,
Varlora 95, Reservation 120. " :
Fourth race, • three-quarters of a mile
purse— Roll Over 103. Ethel Keckler" 103. Mary
Callahan 103. Ruth Parrtah 103. Fontesla Vf.
Longstraw 103. Tapiola 103, Marseilles real
Flori 103. Vallarambla 106. Chanida 103, Ber
nica 110.
99, Bell the Cat 97, Apple 87, Schoolmate' 99.
Senor 103. John II 08. . .- • .
Time. 1:14 3-6. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, W. A. Chanler"s ch. g. by Goldflnch-
Fleurette. Roderick Dhu, HUdebrand, Light
Note', Snow King, . Ivanhoe, Roderick, Pro
priety, Saladin, Salt and Pepper, finished as
named. . '.¦ •'. .".** --:.
SIXTH RACE^ — Six furlongs; purse; maidens;
twd-year-olds: -
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Gold Fleur. 100 (Travers) 2 HJ'Hi.
6 to 1— York. Lad. 112 (Redfern) 3 2 2 2 4
16 to 5— Courier. 109 (O'Neil) 1 31 3h
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Eagle, 105 (Travers) 3 3 1 11
0 to 2— P. Salm Salm, 101 (Davis) 5 2 h 2 4
0 to 1 — B.' of Bellemeade.98 (Crm) 2 4 h 3 h
Time, i 1 :40 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, G. B. Waller's ch. g. by Bathampton-
Trouba. Princess Atheling, Brlarthorpe, Toi
San, finished as r.ttmtd.
Time, 1:06 4-5. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, F. B. Hitchcock's ch. c. by Hamburg-
Pansy. Amberjack also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
the Remsen handicap for all ages:
Betting. Horee, Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
13 to 20— Dandelion. 100 (Davis).. 2 14 12
11 to B — Gamara. 110 (Redfern).. 1 2 1 2 3
5 to 1 — Pasadena. 117 (Martin). 3 3S 3 8
THIRD RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
for three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Huguenot. 101 (Hlldbnd). 3 3 2 1 h
9 to 5 — Champlaln. »6 (Travers).. 1 1 % 2 1&
5 to 1— Garnish, 09 ( W. Davis) . . 5 4 8 3 8
. Time, 1:45 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. Rowe's ch. k. by Knight of Ellers
lie-Moss Rose. Palette and Cloverland fin
ished as named.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles.
Aqueduct handicap— Gunflre'120, Dolly Spanker
120, Sonoma Belle 117. Israelite 99, Ostrich 98.
De Reszke 10S, Orthodox 104, First Mason 126
Colonial Girl 117, Agile 97. St. Valentine' 100.
(De Reszke and Orthodox. Hay man entry; First
Mason and Colonial Girl. Rowe entry.) -
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, selling —
Homestead 97. Glisten 97. Ethics 102. The
Southerner 101. Lord Badge 108, South Trim
ble lOti.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling, two-year
olds — Belle Dlxon 09. Ike S 107, Juvenaga 107.
Calmness S)6, Sufferance 104, Monacorder 104.
Flinders 00, Auto Hood 97. High Life 99, Con
suelo II 104, Druid 104, Foxy 108, Niblick 105.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds — Jen
nie McCabe 105. Prestige 07, Fancy Dress 105.
Long Dan 07, Ranger 105, Mirthless 100, Es
cutcheon 115. Zeala 105, Floralia 100 Pirate
Polly 105, Coeur de Lion 87. Listener 104. Ox
ford 10S. Miss Modesty 04, Kilties 103, Trap
per 115.
Second race, one ¦ mile, handicap — Colonial
Girl IIS, Jerry C 87. Ostrich 82. Grenade 108.
Orthodox 10tt, Sidney C. Love 102. Lord Badge
OS, Damon 07. War Whoop 90, Go Between 104
Graceful 04.
. First race, six and a half furlongs selling —
Counterpoise 110. Shipshape 105. Old England.
10W, King Pepper 105. Thistle Heather 100, At
wood 103. Belle of Milford 110. Satchel 110,
Lord of the Valley 103, Blue and Orange 110.
Monte Carlo 108, Olaf 105. Kickshaw 110, Pat
Bulger 112. Young Henry 112, Bad Penny 110.
Foxy Kane 113.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— The Aque
duct handicap will be the feature of
to-morrow's racing. Gunfire, Dolly
Spanker, Sonoma Belle, First Mason
and Colonial Girl are among the en
tries. The day's entries:
AQUEDUCT ENTRIES.
That . the team has been slumping
within the last two weeks Is a well
known fact. Their usual vim and
snap 13 absent and the men seem to
go at their work with marked Indiffer
ence. . Their work against the Nevada
team on Saturday will be watched
with Interest and. the effect of the
theater party and outing wjll also be
noted. •'¦- >. - - . ;
It has been arranged to give {ha
kickers a big theater party and din
ner on Saturday night- The follow
ing day they will be taken around' the
bay on an excursion steamer. ¦ T*hi3
little bit of diversion is sure, to go a :
long way toward cheering: up the
husky athletes and -making them feel
more confident and also to add a per
tain amount of ginger to. their work
in the final days of practice, which
are invariably trying on mind and
body. ' • -
Coach Hopper of the University ot
California eleven sees his charges need
some diversion and he ' proposes to
give it to them. It Is the usual thins
at this time of the year for the Var
sity kickers to take a sort "of slump,
as their training "has. "been trying and
the Strain always begins to tell some
ten days before the big game with;
Stanford. -
California Eleven Will Be Given 4
Theater Party nnd an Cmtlns.-
KICKERS NEED DIVERSION.
Time, 1:55 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, P. Backed b. h. by Lamplighter-Lena
Montrose. Brooklynlte, Reveille, Neptunus.
Lord Advocate, Aceful and Lord Melbourne
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles;
for three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
50 to 1— Bar Le Due, 97 (Olandt) 9 5*4 lh
5 to 1 — Brigand, 106 (Burns) 2 3 h 2 h
3 to 2— Namtor. 100 (Gannon).... 1 6h 3 1^4
By the New York" Morning Telegraph.
First race — Lustig, Vestry, Rachel
Ward.
Second race— Mum, Suzanne Roco
moro, Halma Belle.
Third race — Santa Luna, School
mate, Ethel Wheat.
Fourth race— Tapiola, Vollarambla,
Chanida.
• Fifth race— Reservation, Early Boy,
Fonsoluca.
Sixth race — Flving Brook, Milt
Young, Mcllvaln.
Condition of the traqk — Fast.
I/ATON'IA SELECTIONS.
CRACK HOUNDS
CARDED TO RUN
Totals.34 2 8 27 16! Totala.35 5 6 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS..
Portland ........ 1 0 3 0 0 1 0 6 0 — B
* Base hits .....0 1 1 1 0 2 10 0 — 6
San Francisco ..0 O0 O 011 0 0 2
Base hits 1 ¦ 0 . - 1 0 1 2 2 1 0 — ' 8
SUMMARY.
¦ Stolen base — Drennah. Error*— Gochnauer 8,
HUdebrand, Wheeler, Frary. Sacrifice hit —
Spencer. First base on j errors — Ban Francisco
1. Portland 3. First base on called balls — Off
Wheeler .4, oft Thlelmann 2. Left on bases —
San Francisco 8, Portland 9. Struck out — By
Wheeler 4, by Thlelman 3. Double plays —
Thielman to Frary, Runkle (unassisted), Goch
nauer to Anderson to Van Buren. Wild pitch
— Thielman. Time of game— 1 hour 4f. minutes.
Umpire — Brown.
¦!¦ — — : : — -.,--_?$.
San Francisco— ¦ Portland —
A.B. H. R. P. A. A.B. H. R. P. A.
Hlldeb.lf 5 0 0 3 0 Drenn.cf 4 2 2 10
Meany.rf 4 112 0 Spencr,2b 4 0 2 1 3
Irwin,3b 3.0 1 0 2 Nadeau.lf 4 0 0 3 0
VanBr.lb 4 0 1 11 1 Beck, 3b 3 1 2 0 2
Waldn.cf 3 0 10 0 Krug, rf 5 1 0 2 0
Andrs,2b 3 0 0 1 5 Runkle- s 4 0 0 3 6
Gorton.o 4 0 0 5 0 Ketlky, c 4 10 4 0
Gochnr.s 4 1 1 5 4 Frary.lb 4 0 0 12 0
Wheelr.p 4 0 3 0 4lThielm,p 3 0 0 12
Wheeler's wildness let in a run in
the first. The Brownies came up in
the third and broke It all up in jig
time. Three errors in succession, a
couple of walks and- a measley hit
sandwiched in resulted in three runs.
The game was bad enough up to this
time, but after that it was awful and
dragged along in a senseless sort of
way for six innings more. The score:
The two tramp baseball teams, San
Francisco and Portland, began the
most agonizing: and meaningless series
of, the year. yesterday afternoon at the
Eighth-street lot. - A - forlorn looking
bunch of? fans sat: gloomily on the
bleachers while the Brownies profited
by the fearful baseball of the Seals
and won.; 5 to 2.
If^ever there was a bad ball game
this was it. No life, no ginger, no
fast play and nobody cared. The
game had to be played and the play
ers had to play it, otherwise they
would not collect their salaries on
pay day. Had there been a chance to
be in some other, place it is a 100 to 1
bet the stars would not show up.
Wheeler, who was do!ng the twist
ing for the Seals, could not get the
ball over the plate and when he did
toss up a good one his fielders were
unable to check its speed even when
it came right into their mitts. Port
land fielded in good form, Frary be
ing the only man to make an error.
Runklp, at short, pulled off a few phe
nomenal plays, as did little Spencer,
who was doing the honors at second.
Canter llome.
Brownies Take Load in the Third and
Stolen bases— Dunleavy, Leahy. Errors —
Delehanty <2). R. Hall, , Delmas, Schmidt.
Three-base hit— Streib.' Two-base hit — Delmas.
Sacrifice hit6 — R. Hall, Ganley. First base on
errors— Seattle- 1. Oakland 3. First base on
called balls— Off C. Hall 4, oft Schmidt 1. Left
on bases — Seattle 9. Oakland 7. Struck out —
By Hall 5, by Schmidt 5. Hit by pltch«r —
R. Hall. Double plays— Leahy to Delehanty;
Francks to Streib. Passed balls— Leahy 2.
Wild pitches— Schmidt 2. Time of game— Two
hours. Umpire — McDonald.
The Commuters are after that base
ball rag and it will take a big league
aggregation to stop them. After.mak
! ing monkeys out of the heretofore in
vincible Tigers for the last two weeks,
they started in on the Siwashes yester
i day. on Ewing's own battleground at
! Idora Park, Oakland, and punched
holes through the infield and. the out
field. They were never headed and gal
loped home with the coin. Score 4 to 1.
"Pretzel" Schmidt handed the slug
gers of Seattle town a bunch that they
1 .were not used to. He had them all
breaking their necks after that drop
ball, but that was all they could do
with It. One run was eased over on a
wild pitch and a double bag. shot by
Delmas. After that it was Oakland in
every round. The three leaders are
bunched at the top of the list and
the prettiest race In years is on with a
vengeance.
Oakland got down to business In the
first inning and with Ganley out
Francks came through with a hit. but
was forced at second by Dunleavy.
Dunleavy stole second, went to third
on an error by Delmas and scored on a
passed ball.
Another run came through In the
fourth inning when Streib hit what
would have been a two-baser down into
left field. The ball got lost In the
grass amd he made third. Devereaux
rapped along one out to center field and
streib had plenty of time to score, but
Delehanty tripped htm up. McDonald
saw the work, and motioned Streib to
come in. Not a »sihgle Seattle man
kicked and Oakland got its second run.
Seattle scored its only run in the
seventh when R. Hall was hit by the
pitcher. He went to third on a two
base hit by Delmas and scored on- Van
Haltren's long fly.
Oakland cinched the game in the
eighth when, with one out, Kruger was
safe on an error by Delmas. He went
to third on Streib's hit, while Streib
got to second on the throw-in. Dev
ereaux scored them both by a line drive
over first base, one of the prettiest hits
of the season. The score:
Seattle — Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
VnHn. cf 5 0 0 1 0 Ganly.rf 3 0 0 0 0
Fremn.lb 4 0 1 7 0 Frnks, eg 3 0 2 2 3
Dlnty.Sb 4 0 0 2 3 Dnlvy, If 4 1 0 2 0
Frisk, if 4 0 2 10 Schlny,2b 3 0 0 12
Smith.rf 4 0 1 2 0 Krugr, cf 4 1 0 3 o
Leahy, c 3 0 15 3 Streib.lb 4 2 2 12 0
R.Hall,ss 2 10 3 2 Devrx, 3b 3 0 2 16
Dlmas,2b 4 0 1 3 0 Stark, c 4 0 0 6 1
CHall, p 4 0 2 0 4 Schmdt.p 2 0 2 0 2
Totals.34 1 8 24 12 Totals.30 4 8 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle • 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0—1
Base hits 2 10 0 11 1 1 1—8
Oakland ...: 1 0 O 1 0 0 0 2 x — 4
Base hits 1 0 1 2 11 0 2 x— 8
SUMMARY.
By the New Tcrk Morning Telegraph.
First race — Counterpoise, Thistle
Heather, Atwood.
Second race — Grenade, Colonial
Girl, Damon.
Third race— Trapper, Escutcheon,
Pirate Polly.
• Fourth race — .Israelite, Dolly
Spanker, Gunfire.
Fifth race — Glisten, The Southern
er, Lord Badge.
Sixth race — Druid, Juvenaga, Mon
acorder.
Condition of the track — Fast.
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
The TBank«g1vins handicap — A handicap for
tbr«!-year-oliis and upward at time of closing;
to be run Thursday, November 24, 1904; one
mile and a furlong — Little Wally, Leila, Evea
O. OcyroKe. Claude, Elliott, Mendon. Divina.
F.ylng Torpedo. Military Man. Barklyite. Mod
icunS", Tellow Ta.il, The Lady Rohesia. Martin
mas DaintS'. Oold Money. Sacredus. Vesuvian,
Arcade* Albula,' Padua, Ishtar, Captain Forsee,
Vettrano. Achilles. Colonel Anderson. Fowsil,
Ora Viva, Ananias, Blue Eyes, Bombardier,
Horatius, Telephone. -Kenilworth, Dalvay, Sub-
Brbsn Queen, Greenock.-
The Crocker Selling stakes — For three-year
ofds *nd upward at time of closing; to be run
Saturday, December 17, 1!*(M; one mile — Libbie
Oiuidid. Flaneur, Little Wally. Gateway. The
Major, L?ila.. SCorthwst, Maxtress. Erea G,
Ocyrohe. iiocoon, Byronerdale, Elliott, Sailor
Knct. Boufriere. Dr. ' BlsBell,- Divina, Fljing
Torpedo. Corddta. W. R.; Military Man. The
Mighty. Barklyite.- Modicum. Instructor, Dollie
H. Martinmas. The Lady Rohesla, El Piloto,
Vesuvian, Nlgrette. Arcade. Gold Money. Le
tola Sacredus. Mlsty*s Pride, Forest King.
Dun'cannon. Ink, Heather Honey, Leash. Harry
Beck.- R»ina : del Rio. Ed LUBurn, Magrane,
Coroner Xelly, Ishtar,* Padua, "Judge Denton,
Captain Forse*. Carat, Achilles. Royal Rogue,
• The Thornton stakes — For two-year-olds and
upward at time of closing; to be run Satur
day.' March 18, 19C5; four miles— Barrack,
Grafter. Major Mansir. Little Wally. Rio
Shannon. Ebony. daud«, Wenriclt, Orchan,
Flying Torpedo. Reolia II, Gaucho, Vaughan,
IrJc. Lairt. Kn.ig-lit. Morenjro, Arnea*, Veterano.
BkxJ'.y UbkI^ ThoriidaJe. Major Tenny, Colonel
Anderson. Captain Forsee. The, Fretler, School
mate, n»Fy ttre*t. Bombardier; Horatlus, The
ofiora L. Bugle Horn. Meist«rsincer, Irascible,
Glisten.
1 he Miphty. Modleum. Colonel Van, Instructor,
Nonie, Yellow Tali. Martinmas, Dainty, Gold
Money Letola. Arcade. -Vei-uvian, Beau Or
*m>n<J*-, Albula. Heather Honey, Magrane,"
Padua, Captain Foreee. Royal Rogue, Fossil,
¦J«idge. Fan XJcholas. Honiton, Romaine, Ana
nias, B!u»' Eyes.. Bombardier. Telephone. Ken
iluorth, .G. W. Trahern, La Figaro, Suburban
<ju«en. " • ?•¦'¦ '..'; • •
• Starter Dick Dwyer. probably the
most* popular starter in this country,
••will- arrive- here on Saturday. As in
lormer seasons Dick will alternate with
tlake- H.ollmari, both at this point and
at L<6s Angeles.
There were many fresh arrive ><= at
Oakland track, yesterday, the stables
of Dr. Rowell, Bob Smith. D. Zalin
sky, Slike Daly and Ramsey & Skin
iter, all from Kansas City, being among
the' number. Tobe Ramsey brings along
Harry Sl'iehaels to pilot his horses,
while 'Smith has the two clever light
weights Lawson and Sammy Green
field. Tne entries follow:
The Opening handicap — A handicap for three
vear-olcil: ard upward at the time of closing;
to be run haturday, November 12. 1904; one
mile — Grafter, Stroller, ¦ Gateway. Leila, Evea
G. Ocyrche, Laocoon, Claude. Elliott, Divina,
new Carjforriia Jockey Club for the
coniirg winter season were given out
for.pv.biicalion yesterday. Class is well
represented and though numerically be
iavr' the standard Bet by last year's
immense Kst in several instances, are
large eaough. to insure a season of
great fjport. The rich Burns handicap
.closed with 134 entries, among the
horKes represented being such splendid
pertoriners as Claudo, -the peerless
.ijointy,' Fossil, Elliott, Mendon. \V. R.
vfondon, FJying Torpedo, the brown
v.hirlwind Bearcatcher. Rockaway,
Veterano, High Chancellor, Arisbe the
crack ally from Napa Stock Farm,
Honiton. Bombardier. Kenilworth,
Flower King, Flo Bob, Lconidas and
Jack Ratlin. From such ah aggrega
tion of.'equine -talent as the foregoing,
one of the best fields that ever faee"d
Vhi-..Warrier in this section of the coun
'iry should be selected.
. A-gJance at the list of entries for the
r»c;b>;arid the C>3ks shows- a consider
able increase over last 5'ear. For the
W-ateih^use ciip and Thornton stakes
'the names ap'pear of such well known
t=Vaye.rs as Major Manslr. Veterano,
'inlying Torpedo and Bugle Horn.
"' ilany noted sires are represented by
;thelr K"t ambns the entries for the
Bell -stakes,, which closed with a llet
pf. »7,' and. also the Gebhart handicap,
with* 78 entries, both two-year-old num
bers. Xapa. Stock Farm finds repre
sen"ta"ti«o through some slashing look
ing; daughters of the English horse Sol
itaire, whose progeny brought such re
markably prices in the New York mar
ket the past summer, an unusual thing
for a young and untried sire, Walter
•Terjninsis, *\V. O'B. Macdonough and
'Harry Stover were also liberal nomina
tors. ' ¦ • N
The entries to the stake events of the
' The Waterhouse cup. ; two and a Quarter
mlleV: handJcap for • two-year-olds ¦ and. upward
nt time of clfsing; to be. run Saturday March
4; l!»05 — Barrack. ¦ Grafter.- Ma jor Mansir, Little
Wally, Leila, Rio Shannon. Ebony, - Chaple,
Byroneruale/, Mendon. - s Wenrlck, Orchan, ,D1
vtna, Sidonia. Mlropette,, Flying Torpedo, Reo-'
lla II, Gaocho. Royalty, ¦ Llllltus, Vaughan.
The Adam Andrew Selllnsr stakes; for two
year-olds and upward at time of closln*' to be
run Saturday. January 14. 1905; «lx and 'a half
furlongs— Cedarburg, Libbie Candid Ladv
Goodrich, El Otros, Flaneur, Salable' R L
Johnson, Azellna. : Brldce. . «j a rry Owen. Step
Around. Stroller, Sllverskln, Gateway Fisher
Boy, Yada. . Mogregor. Prince Brutus The Ma
jor. Modredlaw. | Northwest, Maxtress, Parting
Jennie, Maxctta, Ocyrohe, Evea G. Princesa
Tulan«5. . Kllioit. Sailor • Knot; Canonlcus ¦ Sldo
n!». - W. R. Condon. Spondoolix. Budget Mili
tary Man. The Mighty. Double Six. Instructor
:iiow«na, Sagittarius, Red Tip," Martinmas Sir
Brillar. Invader. Pelham, El Piloto Line -of
•1JLI e. Pickaway. Arabo, Arcade. Gold Money
Sacredus, Letola. Nigrette, Vesuvian. ' Misty'B
Pride. Albert Fir. One -Way. Beau Ormonde
Lady Bimbo, Princess. Zula, Albula, Solinus'
Relna del Rio. Lucrece. Ed .Lllburn Magrane
Cigarlighter. Sea Voyage, Sincerity Belle'
Squire Johnson. Princess Titanio, E. M.~ Brat
taln. Ishtar," Padua, Cloudlight, Coroner Kelly
Aeneas, Judge Denton, Lillian Aypes, . Achilles'
Bucolic. Morfta,' Saccharate, Royal Rogu?, Cap!
ta.m Forsee; Bard Burns. Bologna, ;Judg<!,Hal
nault. Fort ..Wayne, , San Nicolas, Corn; Blos
som. Venator. ¦ My Order. Introductor, Diderot
Jarretiere d'Or. Joe Frey, Ananias, 1 Sir Pres
tcn.' Rcmalne.: Madelln . Mangan. : Dragoon, Del
Carina. Mindanao. Telephone. Andrew B. Cook'
Alice Platt. Sterling Towers.*- The ¦ Lieutenant!
George P. McNear." Hulford,' El Paisano/ Kaloa,
Suburban Queen.- ; " " ," : ,.
The Llsiak handicap, for two-year-olds
and upward at time of closing; to be
run Saturday, January 21. 1305; one mile
Cedarburr. Felipe Lugo, Sals George Berry,
Etroller. Joyner, Gateway, Leila, Tom Slavln,
Oeyrohe, ES'ea G, Princess Tulane, Claude.
Elliott, Divina, Slleo, Sidonia, Borshesl W
R. Condon, Flying Torpedo. Bearcatcher,' The
Mighty. Military Man, Instructor/ Nabonaasar
Yellowtail. LUI!tu«. The Mist, Martinmas, Sir
Brillar. Invader, The Lady Rohesla. Line of
Life. Martinet, Sacredus, Dainty, Arcade, Gold
Money. Tocolaw. L»tola, Solanus, Rockaway
Vcsnvian.- Al Waddle, Albert Fir. The Gadfly
Beau Ormonde. Prlncees Zula, Edrodun. Al
bula. Lucrece. Magrane. Ed Lllburn, Gold
Enamel. Clpartlghter. Squire Johnson, Padua
Ishtar, Aeneas. Lillian Ayres, Achilles, Pasal
dena, , Sea Air, Royal Rogue, Captain Forsee.
Fossil. Bologna, Caliban. Judge, Red Cross
V^r^V- 6 * 11 N ' l , coIsLs - Corn Blossom. Sheilmount
Lady Kent. Hontton, My Order, Diderot Jar
r-tiere d'Or. Ananias, Esherin. 8t. Valentine
Kenilworth, George P. McNear. The Lleut^n
ent. Bombardier, Telephone.. Del Carina
S Whuicy'K.^^ B \ C ° Ok '
.The California Oaks, one mile' and" a furlong,
for three-year-old fillies of 1905 (now two-year
olds), to be run Saturday, January 28, 1905 —
Lady Goodrich. La Londe, Meada, Thompson's
Fairy. My Honey, A Lady, Fay Templeton,
Formita, Babow. Apollcnla, Maid of Termoy,
¦Vel. The Mist, MiEtresg of .Rolls, Storma, Lo
piola, Montolene. Amy ; J, Ruby, Esteila J,
Princess Wheeler. Marie J, Mary Pepper, Ethel
Barrjmore, Princess Zula, Tyrolean, Lucrece
Willa, Plrabella. Sea Voyage, Pirelia, Sincer
ity Belie, Cloudllght. Julia South. Onondulum
Ann Cramer. Lillian Ayres,' Linda Rosa, Sea
Air. Arisbe, Saccharate, Morlta. Morrlr.e; J. C.
Nealon. two entries, unnamed; Sanora, Bo
logna, Cotillion, Grade D, True Wing Elba
Chita, Persy O'Neal. Del Carina, Mabel
Bates, Mizpah. Giendene, Alone, S Loretta M
The Novice, Gosslper. Duplex, Velna, Pearl
Waters, Awakening. -
$10,000; the Burns handicap, one and a
quarter miles; to be run Saturday, February 4,
18C5, two-year-olds and upward at time of
closing — Libble Candid, Felipe Lugo, Barrack,
Grafter, Stroller. Little Wally, Gateway. Lefla,
Tom Slavln. Evea G, Ocyrohe, Chaple, Byroner
dale, Foncasta, Claude, Elliott, Canonicus,
Gallopoff, Harvester, Mendon, A Mu&koday,
Divina. Sileo. Sidonia, BorghesI, W. R. Con
don, Flyine •Torpedo, Barklyite, Gor^alette,
Bearcatcher.' Military Man, Modicum, Hooli
gan, The , Scribe, Tannhauser. Thaddeus Yel
lowtail, Lillitus. Martinet. The Lady Rhohesia,
Martinmas, • Luckett. Sacredus, Dainty, Ar
cade. Gold . Money, Rockaway, Vesuvian, So
lanus, Tocolaw, Forest King. Glid. The Gad
fly. Fleetwood, Ink, Last Knight, Heather
Honey, Ed Lilburn, Watercure. Grail, Padua,
•Ishtar, Arneas, High Chancellor, Veterano,
Achilles, -Pauadena. Lady Articling, Arisbe,
Captain Fornee, Fossil, Schoolmate. Caliban,
Judge, Ora Viva. Easy Street, Cora Blossom,
Honiton,. My Order. Diderot. Jarretlere d'Or,
Ananias, Esherln, Blue Eyes, St. Valentine,
Bombardier, Horatius. Telephone, No Remark,
Andrew B. Cook, Bugle Horn. Kenilworth,
Sidney C. Love, Flower King Flo Bob, Dal
vay. La. Figaro. Greenock, Big Beach, Dr.
Leggo. Whisky King, Suburban Queen, Jack
Ratlin. Leonidas. Glisten. . .
Bani Burns, Schoolmate, Caliban, Judge, Hal
nault, San Nicholas, Easy "Street, Introductor,
Clausus. Diderot. Jarretiere d'Or, Romaine,
Ananias, Joe Frey. Bombardier. Telephone, An
drew B. Cook. The Lieutenant, G. W. Trahern.
Suburban Queen, Greenock. Stroller.
The Christmas handicap, one and a quarter
miles, for three-year-olds and upward at time
of closing, to be run Monday, December -G,
1004 — Felipe Luc<\ Grafter, Little Wally. Ma
jor Mansir, Leila, ' Laocoon, Byrpnerdale,
.Claude. Elliott. Mendon. Divinla, Flylns Tor
pedo, Military Man, Uarklylte, Modicum. 1'ellow
Tail, The Lady Kohesia, Martinet. Luckett,
Sclauup, Dainty, Gold Money, Vesuvian, Rock
away, Arcade, Tocolav.-, . Sacredus, Forest King-,
Bsau Ormonde. Ink, Last Knight. Ed Lllburn.
Grail. Ishtar, Padua, Captain Forsee, Veter
ano. Achilles, Fossil. Schoolmate, . Caliban,
Easy Street, Blue Eyes, St. Valentine. Bom
bardier, Horatius. Telephone, Bujrle. Horn,
Kenilworth. Sidney C. Love. Dalvay. Green
ock; Jack Ratlin, Evea G.
The New Year handicap— A handicap for
tyo-year-olds and upward at time of closing;
to be run Monday. January 2, 11)05; one mlie
and a furlong — Codarburff, Felipe Lugo, Little
T.-ally. Stroller, I>ella. Evea G. Claude, Elliott,
Siemlan, Divlna. Flying Torpedo, Bearcatcher.
Military Man. Modicum, Yellow Tall. L'.llitus,
Martinman, The Lady Rohesla, Martinet,- Sac
redus, Vesuvian. Damty. Gold Money, Arcade.
Tocolaw, Eolanus, Kockaway. Forest King,
The Gadfly. One- Way, Fleetwood, Albula,
Oiristine A, Ed Lllburn, Grail, Watercure,
Padua, Ishtar, Captain Forsee, Veterano,
Achilles. Arisbe, Fossil, Allen Avon, Caliban.
Corn Bluseom. Honiton. DIderct Jarrietlere
<l'Or. Ananias. St. Valentine, Bombardier.
Hcratius, Telephone. Andrew B. Cook, Bugle
Horn. Kenilworth, The Lieutenant, Dalvay,
Flower King, Suburban Queen, Greenock.
The Follansbec handicap — A high-weight han
dicap for two-year-olds and upward at time of
closing; to be run Saturday, January 7, 18C5;
seven furlongs— Llbbie Candid, Cedarburg,
Emma Reubold, Felipe Lugo, Americano, ¦ Bose
Kitty. Sals, Bridge, Azelena. Garry Owen, Sll
verskin. The Major. Modredlaw, Parting Jennie,
Ocyrohe, Evea G. Elliott. Canonlcus, Golden
Idol, Sidonia, W. R. Condon, Spondoolix, Bear
catcher. The Mighty, Eckersall, Double Six. In
structor, Kantoon, Toledo, Sagittarius, Yellow
Tail. Lillitus, The Mist, Dollie II, Red Tip,
Martinmas, Sir Brillar, Invader, The Lady Ro
hesia. Line of Life. Arabo, Letola,' Tocolaw,
Snlanus, Gold Money, L4nd*ay Gordon, Arcade.
Sacredus, Vesuvian, Rockaway. Albert Fir.
Misn-*s Pride, One Way Beau Ormonde. Lady
Bimbo. Princess Zula, Albula, Reina del Rio.
Lucrece. Magran?. E<3 Lllburn, Gold Enamel,
eigarltghter. Squire Johnson, Tenneyburn. Sin
c-rity Belle, Sea Voyage, Princess TItania,
Ixhtar.. Padua, CJoudlight. Arneas, Lillian
Ayres, Achilles, Toltec, Pasadena, Captain
Forsee, R'>yal Rogue. Border Mark, Bard
Barn*. Fossil, Judge, Fort Wayne, Chestnut,
San Nicholas, Honiton, Diderot, Jarretiere -d'Or,
Ananias. Madeline Mangan, Bombardier. Dra
goon, Mindanao, Andrew B. Cook, The Lieuten
ant, George I'. McXear, Kenilworth, Cardinal
Sarto, Bob Ragon, Darksome, Cora Goetz,
Whiskey King, Suburban Queen.
The PaJaee Hotel handicap — A handicap for
two-year-olds and upward at time of closing;
to be run Saturday, February 11, 1905; one
mile and a furlong — Cedarburg, Felipe Lugo,
George Berry, Little Wally. Leila, Ocyrohe,
Evea G. Foncasta, Claude, Elliott Harvester,
Gallopoff. A Muskoday, Orchan, Divina, Slleo.
D'AIbert, Sidonla, Borghesl. Flying: Torpedo,
Barklyite, Bearcatcher Military Man, H&oll
gan, Tellow Tail. Lillltis, The Lady Rohesia.
Martinmas. Luckett. Sacreduy. Dainty, Arcade, j
Gold Money. Tocolaw, Solanus, Rockaway,\
Vesuvian, The Gadfly, Fleetwood, Beau Or
monde, Heather Honey. Grail. Watercure,
Padua, Ishtar. Arneas, Veterano, Achilles
J. C. Nealon (one entry unnamed). Captain
Forsee. Border Mark. Fossil. Schoolmate. Cali
ban. Ora Viva, Red Cross Nurse. Corn Blos
som, Sheilmount, I^ady Kent, Honiton, . My :
Order, Diderot, Jarretiere d'Or, Ananias,
Epherin. Blue Eyes. St. Valentine, Bombardier,
Horatlus, Telephone, No Remark, Bugle Horn,
Wiftarla. Kenilworth.
Secret practice will be held . on th«
gridiron next week. Secret signal prac
tice Is held In the Enclna gymnasium;
every night, and much secret scrim
mage work will not be needed. "
The eleven of the Agricultural College
of Utah, which is located at Logan,
arrived to-day and will hold regular
practice on the Stanford field until Sat
urday, when they will line up against
the cardinal men. • .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 2.—
The weather conditions were favorable
for fast football to-day, and the vax>
slty in a snappy game scored two
touchdowns against the second team.
Shields and Bansbach did not play with
the varsity eleven. Several of the best
men on the second team were also out
of the game, as they are being held as
substitutes for the varsity squad.
G. W. Smith, who was injured in
scrimmage' work two weeks ago,- 13
again back on the field doing heavy
practice. Both of the touchdowns made
in yesterday's practice were spectacu
lar, one being made by Chalmers after
a long run after catching a punt. Bren
nan made the other touchdown' by a
long run just outside tackle.
Both squads are showing improve
ment in form over last week. This is.
most notable In the formation of Inter
ference. . ' ."
SEALS PLAY LIKE BUSHERS.
Off Jones 2. off Overall 5. Struck out— By
Overall 8, by Jones 1, by Mason 2. Double
plays — Smith to Chance • to Chase, Toman to
Flood to Chase. Passed balls — Graham 2.
Wild pitches — Jones, Overall. Hit by pitched
ball — Cravath, ' Lynch, Time of game— Two
hours 10 minutes. Umpire Perine.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
•>;'•.!;•'. W. L.. Pet. W. I* Pet.
Tacoma 50 38 .568 Seattle 45 42.517
Los Anseles..45 36.556 San Fran ....37 47.440
Oakland 48 40 .546 Portland 32 53 .370
Daughter -of; Solitaire Will Start
STUOEHTS OF FORM
NAME THEIR CHOICES
Both Are Made After Some
Spectacular Kunning by
Chalmers and Brennan
Bar Le Due, at 100 to 1 In some books,
was the lucky winner | of " the second
race/ He was not the best horse by
any. means, for the favorite, NamfDr,
was hemmed in all around the far turn.
His backers were a sore lot of losers,
for, judging by the manner | in which
he closed through the last furlong,
Namtor should not have lost. Brigand
made a strong effort to- win, but lost
by a short head. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; for
Betting. ' Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Diamond, 113 (Redfern) 2 13 In
tito 1— Monet. 119 (Gannon).... 1 2 2 20
20 to 1— Race, King, 110 (Martin) 4 3 1%3 V,
Time, 1:13 2-5. Sta.rt fair. Won driving. Win
ner., E. R. Thomas* ch. c. by Hastings-Gold
en Dream. New York,- Mimosa, Gold ¦ Saint,
Teacress and Jack Ratlin finished as named.
JAMAICA,. Nov. 2.— To see the Rem
sen handicap run and to be in at the
close of the Jamaica | meeting more
than, the usual number of- prominent
Vacing men were present to-flay. There
were > only four starters in the stake,
yet they made a lot of trouble at. the
post. When the barrier.; was released
Dandelion * was well in his stride, • Davis
being in ther act of walking him up
when the signal wasgiven. This made
little or no difference in .the result, as
Dandelion had plenty • of speed and
opened up a. gap on both Gamara and
Pasadena. . This gap was gradually re-,
duced so that the onlookers concluded
that Dandelion was well served by the
shorter distance of five and a half fur
longs, w The race was won in- 1:06 4-5,
one-fifth : . of ' a second slower than the
track record.
Dainty and Bearcatcher Are
. -.'.:¦ Among the Entries.
Commuters Sustain . Winning
t Streak M Raw)lng Out
Mrti 1 1 Timpl 1 1 PTi t<v
ivi uii y i niiui y ill Loi
SCOEE TWO TOUCHDO^VNS
Bar Le Due. Scores - at 100 to.. 1
DANDELION IS RETURNED A WINNER
Varsity Eleven Plays Snappy
Practice Game With- the
Second Team- on Campus
SIWASHES FALL BEFORE
"PRETZEL" SCHMIDT
Remsen Handicap Marks
Jamaica Closing Day
RICH BURNS HANDICAP
ATTRACTS THE OWNERS
OF MANY EQUINE STARS
CARDINAL MEN
IN GOOD FORM
MANY HORSES ARE NAMED IN CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB STAKE RACES FOR THE WINTER MEETING
THE SANDER ANGISGpleALIi,^THURSDAY; l iNOVEMBER 3, ;a904.
Americans .Win , nt • Golf in Germany."
<>i BERLIN, ; Nov." 2.— The finals in the
tournament for; the golf championship
of I Germany;; were j played! here? to-day;
Thechamplonship cup was woriby.Dr."
GlgO. IWalker,* ' an , "American, 4 with
Franklin v H.y Mason, t the /¦* American
Consul at Berlin, runner-up.'.'-. ¦
Biff 'Price for a Son of McKinney.'
¦ SAN BERNARDINO, ; Nov. : 2.— John
A. f Cole, i owner, of ; the Rancho ; de Las
Flbres;5ln-; this "county, v has \ sold:) to
George 3 Soule : Newman of ,; New ; York
City, the j yearling; colt Macrose, : by Mc-
Kinney,"; dami Sweet '¦ Rose," f for.- $5000.
Macrose's ; breeding - is /equal \ to f that of
the best.* ' The % price he % brought is
the I largest: ever paid ? for "a< California
yearling. I, Newman- will take the ; horse
to ; New 'York. . ' : '.•-•. -:¦:•
. TUe California Derby, one and- a r quarter
miles; to "be run Wednesday' February ' 22,'
1905. three-year-olds of s 1006 (now two-year
olds)—Cedarburgr,' Paciflco, , : Capltanazor Boss
Eley, Salable; Ben Eric, R; L. Johnson, Garry
Owen, Silverslfin, Joyner. Fisher ; Boy, ' Mo
greeor; Prince Brutus," Modredlaw, ; Gallopoff,
A. Muskodoy, Slleo, D' Albert, Eacobosa, Ferry
man, ; The Borgian, s Bob Lewis. Eckersall;* Iron
Duke, Hooligan."'. Nabonassar. : LillltUB,' Pelham
Sir Brlllar,": Invader,' Montolene, > Lindsay ; Gor
don, I Amy J, Invoice. Conrled," Eatella J, Prin
cess Wheeler, Gild, ¦ Albert ¦ Fir, . Edgrecllff.'k One
Way, Fleetwood, Plotter, ; Princess Zula, Edro
dun, ! Imitation. - Lucrece,:; Bill Short, • Gloomy
Gus, Celere», Gold Enamel, ¦Ciffarlighter,* Squire
Johnson, Pef,'> Tenny burn, '. ; Royal | Sweepstakes "
Skeptic, Phalanx, Lord of the Heath, -Pasaflefta'
Oxitird, Bea Air. Arlsbe.Morita; J. ¦ C. • Nealon,'
ch. c by Bonria-Entcea (unnamed);.- Bologna
Baker. . Sam Tan, 'Artillery -Star,-, Corn i Blos
som, Down patrlck,' My Order, . Flavanus.-' Chita
Bearskin. Peggy :• O' Neal,-. Del - Carina," Maxnar,
Ara. Flatt, George P.~ McNear.' El Paisano. Bob
RaKon, Robert ; Mitchell, - Indicate, (Cardinal
Sarto, The 5 Novice," Loretta t. M. Z Royal » Red, 1
Pearl ; Waters."^ Dr. Leggo, * Big * Beach;* Ross
bourn, ;v HUdebrand, '; Greenaere, J Losiola, % Allen
Aron. .; ' t.>. ¦_¦ ; ;• ¦ • • ; ' ¦- -. • . ¦ ,
Luckett, Rockaway, Tocolaw, Sacre'dus, The
Gadfly, Ink, : Last Knight, Heather ' Honey, Ar
neas,> Vetcrano, Badly- Used. Major Tenny,
Colonel Anderson. - Captain Forsee, Mtrlnel,
Schoolmate, Easy. Street, -Blue ; Eyes,. St. ; Val
entine, Bombardier, Horatlus, ¦ Theodora L,
BukIo Horn, Constable, Bacchus, Gr WV.Tra
hern, . Examiner. Weisterelnser, Irascible
Glisten. .-,',.• ¦ - • -,-:¦¦' r ,
H. Z. ; Baker Says He Prefers . Death
to Beihff Imprisoned for Steal
ing; a Buggy. :
; SAN JOSE, Nov. 2.— Rather than go
to'.' prison/ H."' Z. Baker begged the offi
cers who arrested ' him this morning
to shoot him. >. Baker on ; Sunday night
stole " a • buggy ¦ f rom ¦ Frank Worrell ' at
Palo ¦ Alto.^ leaving in its place an old,
dilapidated , rig. 'The , theft was ' report
ed | to Sheriff Langf ord ' and last ; even
ing Deputy Sheriff Starblrd. found
Baker near College Park. Constable
Older- of Palo Alto -arrived to-day
with ! a warrant for Baker's arrest* and
withV Deputy* Sheriff Langf ord found
him -at- work on a • house in course of
construction.: He admitted his guilt
and \ begged the two; officers - to shoot
him instead ot ; humiliating ¦ him by
taking hlmT to : jail. Baker was taken
over -to Palo /Alto. •
Witness in 3Iurder . Case I Disappears.
REDDING,* Nov. 2.— The disappear
ance of a very, material Iwitness in the
case ! of ; Thomas .Waysman, who killed
Patrick i Philbin » at i Keswick, may de
lay ; the trial. .Francis Hilton, an eye
witness '>, to j: % the "shooting," : cannot be
found ;, and* officers : are scouring 'this
State and i Oregon for ihim.
10
¦
In July, 1S83, 1 began to break out trith
Eczema on ny head, legs and arms, and
began treatment with local doctors, but
did not get much relief. They said the dis-
ease had become chronic I then quit them
and tried various ointments' and soaps for
another two rears, but as soon as cold
weather came I was as bad off as ever, so I
finally decided to let medicine alone, and
' for twelve or thirteen years did nothing
towards curing the Eczema, except bath-
ing. This seemed to do about as much
good as anything I had tried. : t " . ¦'¦". v
During the time I lost about one-half of
tny hair. I began S. S. S. doubtful of a
cure, because the disease had run so long,
but soon discovered your medidne.was
doing me good, and continued to take it.
I used seven bottles,- when I was. com-
pletely cured; not having a single spot on
my body, which before was almost com-
pletely covered. F. C. Norfolk.
10x7 Hackberry SL, Ottumwa, la.
The head, feet, and hands are usually
the parts affected, though the disease ap-
pears on other parts of the body. While ex- .
ternd applications allay the itching and j
burning temporarily, it is the acids thrown
off by theblood that cause the irritation
and eruptions upon the skin. The acids
must be neutralized and the system cleans-
ed of all humors and poisons before the
jggt* -jg^k' y***v cure * s P crmancn t.
V* H ia teed entirely free
WL. HhL «k of Potash, Arsenic •
t®^ »^^ and other miner-"
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta; fia.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ..
EBBIBlHIIlllllHlllllllIIEIIlBlllliiimuiHI
| MANHOOD j
I ForMen Who Have Lost It j
Do You Want to <^"' r^j^. : • Everybody "¦
S B a "A Man \. ffjL^~ , . Admires nnd t?
u AmonffMen"? \ V v jn_ "" nnfg * g **** > rn' ¦
tfi write iO"i-/fly« v^^ nuL i / » ¦*^ • a&^00f a»a y^n nn* 1 )
I $1000 REWARD TO WEAK MEN I
q Let any man who is weak, broken down, old and decrepit In nnvsleal 5
H weakness, full of pains and aches; gloomy, despondent and cheerl£u£. B .
m any man who wants to be stronger arid younger than he feela let m^ ¦
H feit^iom) 1^ I^ai^ he feelS> and •" J 8ay tJlat X Can CUre hIm l wU1 *™ B
J3 I dont want money that X dont «irn. I dont need it, and am «»• 8
™ after it. -.'-But I am after the dollars that are now going vronz to 8
2 quest of health, took at all those poor wrecks of hnmaaity that u! ¦
S spending 1 all they earn on drujr«— dopa that is paralyzing- their vital or °
ijj trans— that have spent all they have earned for years without rainin* » *
g pound of: strength for the hundreds of dollars wasted. 9
b| TJiat is the money that I am after, because for every dollar I tair., » B
g can give a thousand per cent interest, and I don't want it at all .ir,»ii t H
" have cured you if you will secure me. I have cured so many ca« e , wLk* ¦
5 here that I can prove my claims to you. but if that proof is not ?nn,?i£ IT
M Til give you the names of men right near you— where you are I, tw 2
g| r fair? ¦33fgB£0tB0& ¦ ' wiai q
ti Most of the Belts that I am selling now are- to men who hav. k i ' " ¦
n sent here by their friends whom I have cured. I think that U n?. k n B
g evidence that my business is a success from the standpoint of ni™. li fit
« well as on the dollar side. "*~im or cures, a* g
; ¦¦ . : Just, lately I. have received letters of praise from these men- a
13 James P. Daniels. 109. Devisadero street. San Francisco He wa^ M ,,-^ M
B of a back trouble of 12 years' standing. " e was cured g
H . J. M. Gasftill. 220 Chestnut avenue. Santa Cruz. Cal. who *av« t /., * «
l^e^s^r^^Srs^"^^^ Lu^^w2 3
|S -Wherever you are. I think lean give you the name of » ma i -H
I » your town that L have cured. Just send me your address and let me trv ¦
i g This Is my twenty-fourth year in the business of pumping new v?m » ? CT
B worn-out humanity., and I've got cures in nearly every town oiTth« m a l° tO ¦
a Come and see meif you can and I'll fix you upfor I? Z P 'i, S
g fAi'i'r' |uSS;r^ * — V "° -"""^ ¦» 1
1 Dr. M.C. McLaughlin, ;2&2^«£sfc S
S - C? * Above Ellis. San FraaeiMo. U
H Office Hours— S a. m. to 8 p.'.m. .. Sundays 10 to 1. Not sold in drae •tores. H
fassaBiaaaBiBiBHiiBBBBBBaiHBBBBBBasaasBciBgaaaaaaasMemoranda.'
UVERPCOU Nov 2— The*. Br stmr Haver
ford.: from ' Philadelphia :. for this port, ¦ ran
ashore on Burbo bank -. while i enterlnar - the
Mersey. " Tugs ¦ are ,; standing ; by,- but an at-
Branch . Hydrographlc- Office. U. S. N.. M«r
chants*.' Exchange, ;San • Francisco. Cal..
- November 2, 1904. -..
The time ball, failed to drop to-day."-
<. J. C. BURNETT.
, ; Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in charge.
Ttma Ball.
BHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the* height
of tide U the same at both places. -
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8.
Bun rise* 6 :87
Sun nets 5:03
Moon rises ........'...1:47 a. m.
O Time |Tlme| Tim* Time .
£ Ft. t 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
* L, W III W[ It. W H W .
2 0:12 0.8 7:09 6.0 1:02 2.0 6:56 4.4
3 0:12 1.1 7:54 5.3 2:00 1.4 8:10 '4.6
4 2:05 1.1 8:&S 5.4 2:51 0.8 9:16 4.9
5 2:62 1.5 9:19 5.7 3:37 0.2 10:19 6.0
6 3:37 1.7 10:00 6.9 4:20-^-0.3 11:15 6.1
7 4:19 2.010:39 6.0 5:13 —0.6 ...... •
H W| L W H \V . L W
8 (0:10 6.0 6:00 2.3 11:20 6.0 6:00— 0.7
9 1 l-.OOl 4.9) 5.481 2.7^2:00 /t.8 6:49] ' t.7,
NOTE — In the above' exposition of the tides .
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and . the . successive tides of the
day In the .order of occurrence as to time;' the
fourth time column gives . the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs . , The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of th« United States
Coast Survey Charts,- except when a minua ( )
sign precedes the height, and thsn the number
given is subtracted from th« depth given - by
th« charts.- The plane of reference Is ths mean
of th» lower • low water*. . ...
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Nov.". Z
IT B stror Hugh McCnlloch, Rodgera, 8 days
from Dutch ¦ Harbor.' "' r-.-r -,.— * ,- r
Stmr W . H Kruirer,'. Nordberr. - 104 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 94 hours.
Snn. 3foon and Tide,
NOTE — The high and _¦ low . waters - ocotir at
tt« city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
Celled States Coast and - Geodetlo Surrer— :
Time an<] Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ' '^"pOWlRMMMB
tempt to- tow h«r off must be postponed until
high tide this evenlnjr. - Passengers landed by
tugs-' At ebb tide vessells hlgb and dry. The
accident happened during. thick fog, whll» try
ing to avoid fishing beats.- ¦ -.;•,..
A later dlraatch state* -the, vessel has been
floated. No ftlamage waa done, and vessel pro
ceeded. ¦ '" *
Per ' utmr, Unimak. .. from Karluk' Nov '2 —
Oct 17, towed ship Star of Russia, to tea from
Kariuk for- San -Francisco.. .-The ship Mai.
clutha previously rei»rted sailed for San
Francieco. was still anchored in ' Alltak Bay.
- . VICTORIA. B.C, Nov 2— The wr<ck of the
stmr- Boscowitx. lying at North Vancouver
Island, was sold by auction ¦¦ to-day • und • pnr
chawiJ by Bullen Brti. of Victoria and-Ee
oulmalt ¦ Marlns Railways for 1625. v Their
wrecking »tmr Maud will fetch away the en
cines and machinery. : . ¦;•¦ ;
GKATB HAHBCR. Nov 2— The mid-channel
bar buoy; has Kona^ adrift. >
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. BBS
The barkentln* Archer returns to Honcluhi
with ror*{rai cargo.
' — *• r
it-S Crftflp pn for Honoluin.
» J"h« rhl? Marlon Chileott was cleared ye»-
PIONEER'S MIND GIVES WAT.— A pioneer
named Eugene Abadle. who at one time was a
cattleman is Texas. Is now confined In a
cell at the Detention Hospital for the Insane.
TlV complaint «s made by • his son. who be
lieves his. father's mind has given . way
to hallucination*, among; them one of an
attempt of his children to kill him. His con
dition will be examined into by.Drs." McG«tti
ran and Rethers this mornlna;. when ha will
probably ' be committed - to one of the - Stat*
hospitals for tn« Insane. .
Special Officer Charles Mahnke
found two businerj buggies at the cor
ner of Jones arid Clay. streets yester
day afternoon. He. notified the Cen
tral police station. The vehicles were
the property.. of the City Front Sta
bles and they had been stolen by boys,'
who, tired of driving aimlessly about,
deserted them, where they were found.
The: police, have the names of .the boys
and three of '. them will be arrested to
day. Recently numerous complaints
of this order have been, received and
the nuisance has grown intolerable.
In many instances considerable dam
age has . been" done to animals , and
equipment ..and one of the harnesses
yesterday was v damaged $25.
Boys Steal Vehicles.
SAN FRANCISCO ..62-M.
The following are the leasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of tbe same date
last season, and the rainfall . in the . last
tweney-four hours:: - \ • - • ¦¦ , ¦ --.
L*ast Tbia Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 5.15 3.3S
R«d Bluff 0.02 B.13 .46
Sacramento . .-. 0.01 5.60 .12
San Francisco 0.00 7.53 .17
Fresno ......0.06 5.04 .00
Independence 0.00 .47 .42
San Luis Oblspo 0.01 4.49 .02
Los Angeles 0.00 1.13 .43
San Diego 0.00 .16 .07
THE COAST RECORD.
I fa il^l %% s
BTATION8. | |§]3|§ |- E
• — It <$ •
Baker 30.18 68 42 NW Clear .00
Carson 30.12 50 36 E Clear .00
Eureka ... 30.22 5S 48 NE Pt.Cldy .02
Fresno 30.06 64 48 NW Pt.Cldy .0t*
S.E. Farallon.30.09 59 55 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.04 56 4S BW Cloudy .0O
Pocat«Ho .....30.14 58 32 W Clear .00
Independence .29.08 58 42 N Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles ..29.86 74 hO B Clear .00
Mt.Tair.alpais 30.10 63 43 NW Clear .00
North Head ..30.06 54 62 SE Rain .14
Phoenix 29.82 82 50 E Clear .00
Pt-Reyss L't..30.O3 58 52 NW Pt.Cldy .10
Portland 30.16 5S 50 8 Cloudy ,10
Red Bluff 30.08 «4 44 NW Clear .02
Roseburg 30.18 62 44 NW Pt.Cldy .04
Sacramento ...30.04 64 50 NW Clear .01
Salt Lake .. .30.04 62 44 W Pt.Cldy .00
Ban Francisco.30.10 62 54 W Clear .00
San L. Oblspo. 30. <H t>6 44 N Pt.Cldy T.
San Diego 29.88 68 C2 8 Clear .00
geattle .......30.12 56 40 SE Cloudy .16
Spokane 30.20 66 46 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Tatooeh 29.04 54 46 SW Rain 1.16
Walla Walla..30.16 62 42 N Pt.Cldy T.
Wlnnemucca ..30.14 56 40 N Clear. .OS
Yuma 29.74 86 54 SE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A moderate disturbance has suddenly ap
peared on tbe northern coast, and high south
eapt winds are reported from the mouth of the
Columbia River northward. .
Snow Is falling In the high Sierras. /
There has been but little change In tempera
ture except In the northern end of the Sac
ramento Valley, where It i» much warmer.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty (
hours, ending midnight November 3:
Northern California — Cloudy . Thursday;
probably rain on the northern coast; light
northerly winds Inland; fresh southeasterly
winds on the northern coast.
isouthern California — Cloudy \ Thursday;
probably showers In tbe mountains; fresh
southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; warmer » west.
San Kranclsco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day, probably rain by night: light northerly
winds, changing to fresh southeasterly. .
Lo« Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday;
possibly light showers; fresh southeasterly
winds.
Sacramento — Fair Thursday; cloudy at
night; light northerly winds, changing to
southerly.
Fresno — Cloudy Thursday; litcht north winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
General Arthur MacArthur, TJ. S. A.,
commander of the Division of the Pa
cific, accompanied by Police Commis
sioners Howell, Hutton, Drinkhoiise
and Reagan, waited on Mayor Schmitz
yesterday afternoon for ; the purpose
of urging the closing of the saloons in
the vicinity of the Presidio.
It was explained that the saloons
ere operating without a municipal li
cense, which was refused by the for
mer Police Commission, owing to the
frequent complaints of riotous con
duct in the saloons. The present Po
lice Commission had also refused to
isyue liquor licenses to the saloons.
General MacArthur pleaded for the
closing of the saloons, which he said
were detrimental to the tnorab of
the soldiers. The Police Commission
ers and the Mayor agreed with Mac-
Arthur that the saloons -should be
c!osed. but the conference ended with
out any conclusion as to definite action
being arrived at.
' > * ' ¦ ¦ . ¦'¦ '.-V
Gencral Mac Arthur and Police Com
missioners Interview. Mayor .
Schmitz on Subject.
May Not Appeal- From Judgment.
The Board of Education has not de
cided as yet j whether an appeal will
toe . taken from the decision of the
Superior Court restoring Miss L. T.
Fowler to her position as principal In
the department and awarding her the
Bum of $12,000 back salary. President
Roncovleri stated yesterday that the
board would itself inquire Into Miss
Fowler's, claim \ and if it were found
to be a just one an appeal would prob
ably not be taken. Roncovieri «ays
there are no available funds to pay
the judgment, which Is the result of
a legacy left • by . a previous board
v/hich ousted Miss Fowler from her
position In 1399. . .'
BEGIN MOVE3IENT TO CLOSE
: SALOONS NEAR PIIESIDIO
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Trom. I Due.
Northland Portland & Astoria !h*ov. 3
Elizabeth Coquille River •. .iNov. 3
AureUa Portland & Astoria iNov. 3
Acapulco New York via Ancon..|Nov. •
Point Arena.: Mendoclno & Pt. ArenalN'ov. 3
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.tNov. 3
Jeacie SeatUe & Tacoma.....;Nov. 3
bi.ii Pedro... Huaibcldt l^'o^- 3
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 4
Califomian... geattle Nov. 4
Bonita ,. Newport St. Way Ports. Nov. 4
MBcklnaw Tacoma (Nov. 5
Chico Coquille River .!Nov. S
Corcr.»do San Pedro [Nov. S
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria INov. 5
S.Barbara... Urays Harbor iNov 5
C«ctralia Grays Harbor INov. .5
A!rarcc ' Portland & Way Ports.iNov. 6
G. I.indaaer. . Grays Harbor Nov. *
Newturg . Grays Harbor Nov. C
Arctic. Humboldt ...: Nov. 6
Ntvsdan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Nov. 7
OtyPuebU.. Puget Sound Ports.... Nov. T
Memphis Hamburg & Way Ports Nov. 7
gtateof CaT.. 6an Diego A Way PU.JNov. 7
Corona Humboldt INov. 7
Eureka Humboldt (Nov. 7
E«<tuota Willapa Harbor iNov. 7
Del Norte Crescent City ..|Nov. 7
Marchuria China & Japan Nov. 8
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 8
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Nov. 8
Arcata Coos Bay A Pt. Orford. Nov. 8
Argo Eel River Ports Nov. 8
Amraon Seattle Nor. »
I :r>-ii k water . . Coos Bay Nov. 9
Columbia Portland & Aatorla INov. 10
North Fork.. Humboldt INov. 10
Barracouta... New York via Anoon.lNov. 10
'Coptic China and Japan. INov. 12
; UmatiUa 1 Puget Sound Ports Nov. 12
Redondo j Portland & Astoria.. ..] Nov. 12
rV;i TO SAIL. £-•>-;£
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 3.
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports.l 1 pm Pier 27
Coot Bay.. San Pedro & Way.| 9 am Pier 11
Corona Humboldt ........... 1:30 p Pier 9
'Columbia.. Astcria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Pomo Pt. Arena &s-Alb!on C pm Pier 2
Ptate of Cal S«n Dltgo A. Way. 0 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
• BTovember 4.
Argo Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
N. Fork Huinboiat ". 9 am Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am; Pier 13
Elizaberh.. Coquille River .... 3 pmlPier 20
Breakwater Coo* Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier 8
November 5.
Point Arena Point Arena .. 4 pm Pier 2
City Para.. N. Y. via A neon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia.... Astoria Ic Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm'Pier 10
8. Barbara. Los Angeles P«rrts. 1 pmjPler 2
I Ean Pedro.. HumboMt 4 pmjPier 2
|Centralia.. Los Angeles Ports. [10 ass! Pier 10
November, e. } I
Qu*en Puset Bound Ports. 11 amiPier 9
•leanie Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm! Pier 23 I
Pomona Humboldt l:30p'Pier 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way, 9 amPler 11
November 7. j
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 amlPler 11
CHico...>.. Coqullle Rlv-»r 1 pm Pier 2
Bpnlta : Nem-port & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Kovember 8. !
G. VT. EJdei Astoria A Portland 11 araiPl-r 24
AHlance... Eureka & Coo« B. ...... Pier 1C
Rainier Seattle &. BUn^hm' 4 pm Pier 10
Sorember 9. . j
i Doric China tc Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Ncvadan... Hono. & Kahului Pier
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
November 10. ¦¦
Elerra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. Lindauet Grays Harbor 4 pm Pl»r 2
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
November 11.
City Puebla Pnjjet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
, November 12.
Acapplco.. N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Arr.mon Hamburg & W Pts 10 am Pier 19
FROM SEATTLE. ";
Steamer. ¦- Destination. I Sails.
Exeeleior Eeldovla A. Way Ports. |Not. 8
Dolphin. Skagway & "Way PortaJNov. 3
City Seattle.. Ekagway A Way Ports, JN'or. 4
Jefferson Sksgway & Way Ports.iNov. 7
Osttage dry. Ekagway A Way Ports. Nov. . 7
Bertha Cooks Inlet * Way Pts Nov. 10
Humboldt Skagway A Way Ports. Nov. 11
• ?
XEWS OF TOE OCEAN
, •
Water TYont Xotcg
' Th« rivesne cctter Hugh ilcCullocb, Captain
¦TLrxcr*'. arrived .In port yesterday morning
.from iSuten Harbor and anchored off Saus&llto.
faring the eight dajs. run the cutter ex
perienced the usual rough weather. She towed
tbe -whaler Mcl^aurin-. bound for this port, x>ut
of DiAch Harftor and through the Akutain
Pass. TfeV K^Culloch brings down two akel
ftosu. of wnales fcr tie National Museum- at
¦Wajthinirton. t>. C . .
.. / 'The ra»ol!ne launch Isabel caught Ere at
• • Eod»o Toetflay nirit and was sunk at her
" : -icooriEirs to prevent being iestroyed. A lamp
: '. was acdilestally overturced In tb« cabin and
••quickly tbe lnUrlor of the pretty craft was la
Siinej. Before much liara was done tbe boat
.* 'dropped below the surface of the bay and the
.- f.rt w'a«. qaenched: Th» vessel was raised yes
• terday tcornir« and will be towed here. She
¦ belongs to the Enea Fish Company.
¦.•¦•- . • ' '• '
McCuIioch In Port.
*, - c» York for Brts&ase.
• -Rejnsuraaee oa the French bark Bretagne
was iacrtaaed yestenlay £ron» 10 to 13 per
• jcert. £ie Is oct 145 days from Kobe, for
•Taital.
- The British Bfclp Troop is out *lgnty-flye
•' £jiT« Ircrn 2£an!U for St. Helena, 25 per cent.
<iuat«d fct 90 per cent the German ship
• Sirsae Is out 108 day* from Liverpool for Val
paraiso. ' ". -- : :-• __
' The' Italian ship Gaetaao Caaabono Is . 132
<l*y» cut from Sydney for Table Bay. 23 per
o*ct. . . -
Simlc to Qnencli Fire
Inothcr * -*?rdno Ship.
Ore Tsore vessel fcaa been sided to the over
due fleet and the -starts on tbe list quoted on
the reinsurance Boards *t 5 per cest. She 13
the' Itaii&a fc&rfc Shenlr. 150 days . oul from
Movements of Steamers.
\f 'P&ctac **»P . Steamship Company, sub
'n5^te4 estlsi&tes for the new wharves and
eteds"o> piers 42 and 44J "The*e are to be
cos£tructed lat th« ste&msMp company near
the. corner <tf Brannan *na First streets, at
k. totsJ' cost of $S35.S<;0. Tbe two piers Will
tost .$145,"W00 each aad th« sbed over pier 42
wiy cost eS4,000 whU« the shed of pier 44 wia
ec« »41 500. These «stiiaat«s d» oot Include
the ' coat of the c«aent. of which wul be re
quired ' In the construction of the cylinder
¦»harf supports over 40C0 tcoa.
' . The secretary "P* th» board advertise
¦£«* blis. /• :;:
cw Pacific Man Docks.
¦ At tbe sjeetiag of the. Board of Harbor
{^issioaers ¦•yesterday -afternoon • the cbJei en
rin«e>: aTter 'consulting with the officials of
, (120th Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 2—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boeton 52-32|New York ...\: ..60-40
Chicago 66-48) Philadelphia 64-40
Cincinnati 66-30! Pltteburg 64-42
Honolulu, H. I 8O-74 St. Louis 70-48
Jacksonville 74-60: Washington ..:.. 68-42
New Orleans ....68-C2i
Weather Rex>ort.
LUMBER BARKENTINE NORTH
WEST WHICH HAS BEEN
TOWED INTO EUREKA.
The board expressed disinclination
to consider the protest of F. Xelson.
a builder, against street work on Sec
ond" avenue, as it Is alleged that Nel
son makes much trouble . for the
building inspectors in erecting his
buildings.
A. B. Clute was summoned to an
swer the complaint of the Point Lobos
Club that the block on Third avenue,
between Lake and California streets,
has been impassable for six months,
owing to its being torn, up by Clute,
who has the contract to repave the
block. .. ----•;
The -claim of Joseph Baruh, a hack
driver, for 5112 75 damages by. fall
ing into an open trench was rejected,
a 1 ? the board contended that lights
had been placed at the danger points.
The protests against the Improve
ment of Parnassus avenue was over
ruled, as they were filed too late.
The City Engineer was directed to
investigate the complaint that debris
from the* plant of the Sanitary Re
duction Works ia being washed into
the 'sewers. The same official was in
structed to look into the petition of
the Santa Fe Company to construct a
spur track at Fourth and Kentucky
streets to connect with the tracks of
the United Railroads.
: Harry F. Sheehan was succeeded by
Thomas Moran as foreman painter
and Sheehan was reappointed a jour
neyman painter.
, The Board of Public Works yester
day awarded contracts for street
works on certain blocks on Twelfth
avenue south, Eleventh and Second
avenues, Twenty-first and Bryant
streets.
The board appointed Joseph Edel
mann and Clifford P. Bowie draughts
men in the City Engineer's' office and
accepted the resignation of Robert
Munch, draughtsman.
1 Joseph C. Nardini, stenographer of
the board, was granted a six (months',
leave of absence, having accepted • a
position as Chinese-inspector at El
Paso.
f ¦ Joseph E. - Casey :*was appointed
e. street and sewer inspector.
Rejects Claim of Hack Driver for
Damages From Fallinjc Into
a Trench.
Exports by the Umatllla.
' The steamer Utsatllla, which sailed on
.Tuesday for Victoria, carried an assorted jner
chandlse. cargo consigned to the port of des
tination asd the principal way ports valued at
114.177 aad Including the following: S3.S87
lbs dried fruit. 77.090 lbs raisins. S69 pkgs
fresh fruits, 26 pkgs freab vegetables, 377 lbs
2 cs cheese. 4334 lbs nuts. 30.&70 lbs malt.
€1 pkgs paste. 12 pkgs table preparations, 61
cs canned goods. 967 lbs coffee, 1S05 lbs spices,
60 gals wine, 628 lbs dried fish, 58 pkgs gro
ceries asd provisions, 133 lbs hops, 4 cs heney,
44 pfcgs oils. 6 cs drugs, 30 rolls roofing: ma
terial, 20 roll* paper. 9 bdls wlr«. 8 pkgs
10 pes iron. tZ pea steel. 8 coils rope, 10 cs
arms and ammunition.
The steamer alao carried tbe following shlp-
For Australia— 4332 lbs hops. 1045 cs 75 half
bbls salmon and Z2ZQ lbs codfish, valued at
$«750.
For FIJI Islands— 165 cs canned goods, 30
cs 3 half bbls salmon, 9 cs dried fruits, 450
lbs nuts, 247 lbs be*ns. 6 cs codfish and 10
cs table preparations, valued at $S7S.
For Northwest Territory — 42.1SS lbs dried
fruit, valued at (2628.
For Manitoba— 29.005 lbs dried fruits, valued
at S2123.
BOARD OF WORKS AWARDS
STREET WORK CONTRACTS
terday for Honolulu with 10,000 barrels of
crude oil la bulk valued at I22.4OX
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Deutsch
land.' from New York. , - : -, . ¦ .
QUEV'NSTOWN-rArrlved Nor.J— Stmr Teu
tonic, from N«^r York. -' - v . • ¦•_... ...
NETW YORK — Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Amster
dam, from
ADEN— Arrived Nov. 1— Br stmr Vulcan
from N«w York, for Manila. • lcma '
SINGAPORE— Sailed ' Oct SO— Span strar
Alleanta. for Liverpool. . ., ...
COLOMBO— Sailed Oct 80— Span «tmf ' Is'la
da Luzon, for Manila. • . ,
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed ; Nor 1— G#r tunr
Menes.for Ean Francisco. Oct 31— Ger stmr
Saxonla, for Ban Francisco. ¦ ;
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Oct . 31— Schr
Sophie ChristeoRon, hence, O<-t 9. .-.-¦.:-..
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 29,' and not Oct 2« -
as previously reported — Br stmr Gaelic, hence'
Oct 1. : ' . , : . :
: BUENOS . A YRES— Sailed Oct 27-^-Fr stmr
Amlral Sallandrouxe de Utnomali, for - .; -
•VicaXJRIA— Arrived. Nov 2— Stmr Tremont. 1 '
from. Honskonz; Br . . stmr Deucalion, from
verpoo . oclSJi . if STEAMERS. >•
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 1— Bark Nuuanu
from Honolulu. Nov : 2— Stmr Alllanca. from
Colon. - . - „
Railed Nov 1— Stmr Yucatan, for Colon.
H1LO— Arrived Oct IS— Bark Amy Turner
hence Pert 28. . • > . ¦ . • '
HONOIPU— Sailed Oct l*—6chr Defender
for S«n Francisco. - - - . ..'
LAHA1NA— Sailed Oct 20— Bark Albert, for
Port Townsend. ,
EASTERN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
Balled -Nov -1— Btmr Mackinaw, for Saa
Francisco: Ger itmr Ammon ; for Boll In sha m.
SKAGWAT-Sailed Nov l-Stmrj.ft>SoU;
for c#ftttl#. * - . .
PORT LO8 ANGELES— Sailed Nov 2— Br
ship Speke. for Australia. . '
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Nov 2 Schr
Palvator, henc* Oct 20; schr Zampa. hence
Oct 22.
SAN PEDRO^-Arrlved Nov 2— Stmr Bontta,
from Santa Burbara: schr Annie Lars«n from
Portland.
Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Bonlta. for San Fran
rieeo; stmr Mandalay, for San Francisco- stmr
Fulton, for San Francisco: stmr S*moa for
San Franoteco. . - - . ... .
REDONDO — Sailed . Nov 2 Schr Albert
Meyer, for Port Townsend: schr" R W Bart
lett. for Grays Harbor. ,"
Arrived Nov 2— Schr Forester, from Ballard :
stmr Acme, from Kurcka. ,
-SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Nov 2— atmr
Banta Rosa, hence Oct SO; stmr Coronado from
Grays Harbor. '
PalRd Xov 2— Btmr Santa TlorA, for San
Franrlsoo: stmr Coronado. for £an Pedro
PORTI.AND— Arriyr^Ncv 2— Sthr Halcyon,
henca Oct 25; renr Mnhokona. from Redondol
EITREKA— Arrtjcd Nov 2— Bktn Northwest,
from Port Hadlock, for San Pedro <in distress)'
Btmr Dispatch. • from Portland, for San Fran '
Cisco. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ •
fro^on^r^ NOT '-s™ amaranth.
BANDON — Arrived Not l_<5 c hr Advance
hence Oct 24. and not nchr Advent. Nov 2—
Stmr Chlco, hence Oct 27, via Bar Harbor
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed Oct 22— S-'hr
Louise, for San Pedro*
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 2, 2 a m— 8tmr
Portland, from Nome. • • • .
Sailed Nov 2, 10:30 a m— Stmr Dolphin for
Skagway. • '
Arrived Nov 2 — Stmr Farallon, from Skag-
DUTCH HARBOR — Sailed Oct 24 Ship Mel
Leurln. for Sa.n Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 2— Stmr Alliance,
hence Oct 25.
Sailed Nov '2— Stmr Whlttler. for Ean Fran
cisco. '
ABERDEEN — Arrived Nov i — Stmr Che
balia, hence Cct 81.
o< ArrKed Xov 2— Bktn John Smith, ''.h'racft
BELJJNGHAM— Sailed N Nov 1— Stmr Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
t , rO ?'Su BRA - G c O-S3i!ert .lov 2—Stmr Na
tional City, for Ean Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Nor 2, 10 p m— Wind NW
velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC
Sept 13— Lat 14 N, longr 26 'w, Br ship
Dursdale. from Antwerp, for Port Townsend.
Per whallnc bark Alice Knowles, Oct 2«
Lat 40 N, long 150 W, whalln* stmr Jeanette,
bound to San Francisco, with 10 whales.
Oct ?.(V— to miles NW of Farallon Islands,
schr H D Bendixsen, hence Oct 28. for Port
Blakeley.
Oct 2»— Lat 22 27 N. long 74 22 W. stmr
Advance, from New York, for Colon.
Oct lft— Lat 19 ft. long 25 W. Br ship Argus,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
¦ .'.. .Wednesday, Nov. .2.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson." Eureka.
Stmr Bee. Wehman. .Eureka.
Stmr Redondo. Kroe. Astqrta.'
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Eureka.
Stmr Ja« 8 Hlwlas,- Higreinp Fort Brag*.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Caspar.
Etrnr Coqullla River. Adler, Eureka.
Schr Jovph Rum. Gasky. O>;umbia River.
Sehr Mar>' C, Campbell. Bodeja.
Bchr Jenote GrifJln, Gibson, Boltnas. "¦
SPOKEN. . -
SAILED
Wednesday, Nov. 2.
Stmr Coos Bay. Lelaad. San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr State of California. N'tcolaon. San Dl
tgo; Paciflo Coaet Steamship company.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria and Port
land; San Francisco and Portland .Steamship
Cornpary. -
Br stinr Wyefleld. Watson, N'analmo, B C;
Western Fuel Company.
Ship nill« E. Starbuck, Wlnn, Newcastle.
N S W;W«lch A Co. . .- -• -
Ship Maricn* ChllcotC Williams. Honolulu;
M*uon -Navigation Tjjmoany. " .. ...-"- .
CLEARED
Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, Scullum. 34
days from Japan coast.
Schr Novelty, Hoffman, &*£ days from Coos
Bay. .
Btmr Breakwater. Seaman, 33 hours from
Coos Bay.
Btmr Monrara, Reilly, 101 hours from Ta
coma. . ¦ . - • -
Stmr Queen. Thomas, 59 hours from Vic
toria and Puiret -Sound.
-Stmr Unimak, Hansen, 9 days from Karluk.
Stmr Eureka. Jeasen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Hmner, Donaldson, 09 hours i from
Grays Harbor.
Ship Hawaiian Isles, Mallett, 28 days from
Honolulu.
Fr bark Emma Laurana, Plcheux, 74 days
from Ntrwc&&V.e, Aua.
Whaling berk Alice . Knowles, Montgomery.
IS days from Fox Island.
The Northwest was caught In a
fcfea'vy- southeaster. • Saturday night
when about thirty, miles north of this
p.6rt ©2' Trinidad. Her seams were
©pehed .arid she took water rapidly.
The captain, mate's cook and six sea-
Sien worked at the pumps, 'but the
water gained headway. The mate and
a seainan ro'wed to Trinidad and from
there! telephoned to the Tu# Associa
tion '-here for assistance. The tug
Ranker w^ent- out over 'the rough bar
tQ "• r«nder- assistance and when it
reached the North w.est she had eight
feet of water in the hold. Her cargo.
«r;pltoe lumber had kept- her afloat.
EUREKA, Jfov. 2. — The water
logged • barkentlna Northwest was
towed'' Into port thi3 afternoon and
beached near the shipyards. She looks'
cane the xtarsa for her trying experi
ence.* • y} : i
Lumber Carrier Is Cauzht in a Heary
Southeaster When OS Port
; . Trinidad.
BAIUtEN'lTXE NORTHWEST
• -IS TOWED tXTO ECBEKA
The trial of Harry Radcliffe for mur
der in Judge Cook's court was stopped
yesterday morning by the receipt of a
telegram from George I* Claytor,
Boulsbyville, Tuolumne County, that he
could not come to the trial. The tele
gram was handed to Assistant District
Attorney Ashe just after the Jury had
been Impaneled.- . ' ;
Ashe read the telegram to the Judge
and cald, "This man Claytor is the
principal witness for the State, and I
am unable to proceed without him. He
was regularly served with a foreign
subpena." ¦:¦ " : s -"¦' «
The Judge ordered an attachment is
sued against Claytor, to be placed In
the hands of a deputy sheriff, who was
instructed to leave by the first train
for Soulsbyville and bring Claytor
back with him. The case was then con
tinued till this morning.
Radclifle Is accused of murdering An
drew Rellly, a nodcarrier, at Ninth and
Folsom streets on the morning of June
26. Radcliffe made a statement when
arrested that his young wife had been
eick and he took her to Dr. J. J. Keefe,
his half-brother, living at 1306 Folsom
street. He left her on the corner, -and
after she had walked along Folsom
street a few yards she screamed and
came running back. She told him that
a man had insulted her. Radcliffe went
up to the man, who was Reilly, and
Reilly struck him. They grappled and
fell, and as Radcliffe was getting the
worst of the encounter he fired a shot
at Reilly. .
This statement was doubted when
Mrs. Reilly said she had not gone with
her husband to" Dr. Keefe. and , as a
mask was found in Radcllffe's pocket
the police accepted the theory that
Radcliffe. being out of work, had at
tempted to hold up Reilly. Claytor was
driving a milk wagon. He heard the
shot and .saw the defendant running
away.
Jury Impaneled in Case of
Harry Eadcliffe, Accused
of Killing Andrew Beilly
CLAM OF SELF-DEFENSE
.• October 2S the Alice Knowles spoke
the whaler Jeanette In latitude 40 north
end longitude 150 west. Aa the Jean
ette Is a steamer *lt Is considered
strange that the sailer Knowles should
precede her to port. The experience of
aU the "vessels homeward .bound from
Dutch Harbor was a succession of
Etrcng southeast sales nearly all the
way from the Alaskan coast.
crruisjngrs to the Japanese waters and
twenty-five sperm whales was her har
vest. . She had two boats stove, one of
Svjucjh was by a dylis whale. The boat
V : :as preparing to tow tbe prize along
side the bark" when. the whale threw Its
&ead- around, striking the boat and
j=plitGnK it into pieces. Several of th«
creV were slightly injured, but another
boat- In the vicinity picked the men
trpm the water. One large whale eank
and was lost after dying on the but
iace. an unusual occurrence, as whales
after dying on the water are not known
to sink below the surface.
." The Alice Knowles hunted In the
.waters north of Japan and the Bering
Sea and her season's work is thirty
three sperm and three right whales,
•which is the prize catch of the fleet.
The old hunters aboard the ships cay
that the schools are not only growing
enialler, but ths whales are becoming
triore tlaild. hiding away in midocean,
where they are harder to find.
• •' The : -whalins * barks Andrew Hicks
jld^- A2ic* Knowles arrived "In port
early; yesterday '' morning, making five
"blubber hunters home from the upper
iseas. Only 1000 barrels of sperm oil
was- the season's catch of the Hicks,
; but -t£e Alice Knowles brings down
•l*«00 barrels of oil i.nd. 3000 pounds of
VhaJebonel * The Hicks confined her
George L. Claytor Wires He
Is Unable to Be Present,
and Attacnment Is Issued
IVhaling Bark Alice Knowles, From Arctic Ocean, Brings
:: Into This Port the Largest Catch of the Season.
DAMAGED BARKENTINE NORTHWEST IS SAFE
WITNESS STOPS
MURDER TRIAL
THE ;SAN :FRANCISGO5:CALIi;UTHURSDAY,e:NOyEMBER 3, 1904.
11
Th« four-masted schooner Novelty, late Tues
"Aajr night ft-co Coo« Bay. hvag becalmed ln
eide of the heads with a .small kedre anchor
boldlie ber off the rocks at Lime Point. Cap.
fair. Hoffrnac made signals cf distress and th«
tut; .%:•. t towed -the endangered schooner Into
Uie bay. - - . • -
. TTl* -;.i-airrr l.'n'met arrived yesterday, from
¦wafiuk." -The C»ptain end crew at the ship
: Balclutha. wfcich Is at Alitop Bay. caae dawn
" on the etrscxrr. ' - .'. -
Louis Marino took a trunk, - net hit own
•away, from' tfcs fwry buUdtnc yesterday and
carried tt to 'a Commercial street' lodsirig
. house. He had Just broken It open in his room
¦rben' overhauled by Offlcers I-pun and Uenni
terry.;
-Harry Hanson. '» ¦ Noi irealaa longshoreman
.under tb*tnflaence of Ikjoor. slash**] his throat
• nzor on the • earner of Unimm and
*O!ay . ftr*ets at 3 o'clock yesterday morning.
? He had been drinking all night with II. Eug
leke and as the two men were rtindla* on
the street corner Hanson drew-ths razor from
h!k pocket and .cat hia wrists ar.d throat. He
.was taken to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where h» died last nirtt.
The -PartSc Mail steamship Acapulco is due
from Panama tculav.
FREE FREE . FREE
: SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Full-sized Package of ,
' ALLEN'S
BOSTON BROWN BREAD
FLOUR.
Simple to ! Prepare.
Delicious in Flavor.
A New Breakfast.
Free With Every Small Ad
In SUNDAY CALL.
See ; SmaT Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
I Aj3\ r EKTISEMJEXTS.
P^fjsr
• f
"It is always sunrise
somewhereL in the world."
Pears' Soap is sold all over
the world.
1 * Established i&.
RAILWAYTRAVKL. •
*Tnl« ltav* tuad ar« *mm
/yL<rfr>^rX U»»rT*T«at . »
/Jt^^^^aAN FRAIfOISgO. j
V^F^^VO/ '*** OcTa»«* a. WO*. •
\ 1 < < v^^»^r Tassr Difoi
\^S (Foot «t Market dertMSl >
t , A r« - MAIN LINE. - «b»it»
7X0a Vaaavtile. Wiutert. Kam»*r-..-... 7J0V
7 00a Bealcla. Blnilraand dacraflseato.. 7.20P
7-3OATa!lej«, »»?«. tallitofv Saata
Bosa, Martines. S*a Ramon..... I f0» .
7 30a Sllea.Tracr. Lathrop, Stockcon.... 7.20^
1 00a Shasta Bzpres* — (VU Da»!» ). -.
wmtaaif. Wiyowt. tFrato. Red
• ..-' -•-• BlaS. Portland, Taecaa, Baattla 7-5O.'
• COa DaTla. Woodland. CalghU Laadlsg.
'Mxrr«»Ul«. Oro»ill« 780»
8-SOa M srtlaer, Antloc i By-roa. Traoy.
Stocktoo; Ktwaum. Lo* Daaoa.
Maadots. . Armoaa, Hsafqrd.
YUatla. Pprterrllle *.Z0*
• Ma Port Co«u. Modeito. Mure**. , , •
y ';*.', Fretno.'Ooihen Jaaetloa. H»a- ___
ford, Jltalla. Baker*flsM 4J0»
M0a HUas. Baa Jos*. Ll»ermor-», 8tock-
- ton, <tatiltoo), leae, Sacramento,
MaryiTllle. Chtco. Red Bluff .... *20»
8 30a Oaid.Le. Chtitcae, Jameatawn. So- •
nor*.' Toolomm aad Ani-U ¦ ; 4 -*2*
.•00a AUanUcBlprsas— Ofdea and Baat. 8 20»
«-30a Btehmoad. i*artl»«i aad Waj ¦ .
SUtioas -• *W
10 00aTU« Orerhtad Limited — tigls*
..* Omsas, Chicago, D«arar,KaaaM '
io-ooatSK^.^:::::::.::::::::::^ tlS:
10410a Lm Aazslea Passenger — rort
" Costa, Martlnes, Byron, Tracy, ¦
Latarop. Stock toa, Merced,
H»f mo»d. rre«ao. Got hen Junc-
tion. Hanford: Leinooro. VUall*. • * ;
Bakersaetd: Lm Aagslea VSX* -
I2.C0m Harvard. Sties sad Way Statfcms. J-20* -
tiXOP Sacramento RtTer Steamers. TiLOU*
S-30P Beniets, Wlaten. Itenmgnt*,
WoodUnd. Kalghtt Laadlag.
MsrytTUle, OnnUU aad way _
•tatloas..; '•H?^
SJ5CPHaTw»rd.51Ieaao4W»j 8tatlan».. 7-50*
3 30 ppor »«;<!«». M*rUa«r. Brron.Traty, • .
- ¦ , v Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto.
./. Mereed. Berenda, Fresa« aad
• - Way Buttons beyond Port Coata 12-23*
4 COP Marltnt».SaaH»moii.Va;ieJo,Sapa,
¦ GalUtoga. Santa Roaa. 9 20*
4C0P511e«, Tracy. Stockton 10-204
4^0p Htyward. .Nlles. Lmagtoa. Saa t tffO*
Joit. Ll»ermor# f til. 50 A
BOflpTht Owl Umlud— JJewmaa, Lm
"..- - Basof. Mendota.rreiao.Tnlar*,
- BakeriSsld.LotAos.elei. 8-50* .
n J0p Hay ward. Vllet aad baa Jos* ..... 7.20a
BOOp Harvard. KUes.and Saa Jo»«....... 8 SOa
- BOCPKjMternExsret*— Uma&a. Chtcao. jMtgfli
DeaTtr. Kansas City, St. Loala,
Martinez. Stockton. 3*erament*
Colfaz. Ueno, bpaxkf, MonMllo,
... Ogdea : 12-50»
•.O0r Talle'o. dally, except Sanday.... I T Rfl .
7X0PV«ile1o.»aad»y only ......( 7 ' BQm
7-OCPKlcbmond. S«a Pablo. Port Costa,
- - Marila«i asd War SUtioai...... 11.20*
7-OOPEeoo Pasienger— Port Co«ta. Ba-
nlcA. Saiaoa. Elmlra. D'.xoo,
- ' DsTls. Sacramento, Sparks. Tone
¦ '- nah.Keeier aad Way Stations... 7.50a
- I 05p Oregoa * California Express— 8a«-
raoiento, MaryiTliie. BeddlaK.
Portlaod, Pngat Sound aad But. 8.SQA
fl.lOP B>rwtrd, Nllea aad Saa Jo§e(iua-
.^ dayonlr). 11 -SO A
COAST LINE <Jfarr»w Ua.g.J.
. ¦ . (Toot of .Martet Strget.)
•-UAKtvarSt. Ctnterrtlle. Saa Jom,
Felton. Boulder Creei, Saau
¦¦:¦¦¦¦¦ Cra , Md Wty Statloas 5-65^
t2-1 5p Hewark; Ceo t«r» !;:»,., San Joi*.
.: . Kew Almadea. Loa Oato»,F«lton. i V '.
• - ¦ - 'Bool4-r Cr»«k, Santa Cfu* aa4
Prlselsal Way Sutloas .; 110-55 a j
4.1fip Hswark. Saa Jose. Los Gatot..: -}
«33Bp Hoatert* Train (Saturday only)—
. .. Saa Joaa and War StaUoas ...... T7.28p
COAST LINE- <Br«a4 liaacsi.
• ET" (Tttlrd and , Towassad Strxta.)
8.10a Sa«Jo«e sad Wsjr Sutlont.. .._... 8-30p •
7-OOa Saa Joae and War otstioat l-40s> '
"8 00a New Almaden (Taet^ Frld.. only). 4.109
8.00a The Coaater— San Joie. Batlnaa,
- . ~ ¦¦ Saa Ardo, Paao Boblaa. Saat*
Margsrlta, Saa Lnla Oolip*.
Gaadalnpe. OaTlota, Saata Bar-
bars. San BnensTentara. Mod- *.
talTo, Oxnaxd, Bar bank, Loa
- Angelea. 10-53*
8 00a Onror. Holllster. Castrortlle. Del
Monte, Paetac Orore, 3arf, Lorn-
poc : ... 10409
8. COa 8«b Jose: Tret Ptnos.WttaoaTiile,
/ ,C»plto!a. Saau Crux. PaciSs
Grove, Salinas. 5au Lnla Obj>p«
aad Priaetpa; War Sutlons. ... 4-10»
10.30a 6aa Joie and Way Station!..!. . .... 1.209
lUOASan Jote and War Stations........ 7.30s
2 -15p s»n./ote and War S.taUoss 8 33*
SCOP D«l Home Kxprcaa — Santa Clara,
Han Jo**, Wat aoa Till e. Santa * - <
Crax. De! Monte. Monterey. *
PsclCoOroTe 12.159
t3-00p Lot Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek.
5*!}S* Cnz, t!» ?.*ati Cl»r» and *
• • JCarrowGtuw 113 45a
¦ 3 3CP Valencia St.. South Saa Franrlaco.
Burlingsme, Saa Joae. Gllrey. .
Bollliter. TresPlnoa 10-4Sa
4-IQpf I aa Joae and Way 8utioaa t8 00*
t&XOP Santa Clara. Saa Jo.e. Lo* Gatos,
. and principal Way Statloaa <#z-
cept Snnday) — rj 00* •
|B.20p kaaJeaeaadPrtacipaiWayfltstioas 19 HO* .
« AtP aaoMt Expresa.— Ke«iwa«4. Saa . -
.. . Jo(e.Gllryr.Sa!laM,PtaoR»klea,
' Baa Lots 'Ubltpa. SsbU Barbara.
. . Los Aogalw, Peon lag. Kl P»*o, '
6t.Loui». Sew Orleaa*. 5ewTork §13*
S.45pP»>ro, WitsoBTllle. Cspttvla.
. v Saata' Crui. CastroTlu*, Dei
- -::¦. Moate. Paclnc Grore; 10 33*
rft-IS* t>aaMsteo,Beresfor4,B«lmoBt.Saa
Carle*. Redwood. Falr.:Oaka.'
-. Masto Park. Palo Alto rt .4«» •
• 30p San Joae aad War Stations. 8K>
8C0pP»1o Alto and War Stations.: 10. 15*
' 11-iflp SouihsaaFrancMco. MlUbrae.Bur
Uagsme. Saa 'Mateo, Belmoat,
'- "&aa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaij,
Mealrf Part, tad f».o AHu t9439.
aiiSOPMaraeld, Mouata'.a View, siuanr-
¦ - vale, Lawrcace, Saata Clara and
SanJooo -».48»-
A for Morning. P for Affrnoam.
1 Bandar exc«pted t Saadar on! r
t. Satardar «nly. a • Monday only- r
lbtgp* at all cat toa* oa Sana.;.
|S^^^bs| To SAN RAFAEL
'^^^MM R0SS VALLEY,
i^^^fe^ MLLL VALLEY,
!^^^ra^fCAZADERO, Etc
via Satuallto Tarry
SUBURBAN 6EHVICE. STANDARD GACOE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at flx<>.-
7:45. a/A »:lu. 9:5o. U:00 a. m.; 1:43. 3:1.1.
4:35. 8:15. 5:5o. 6:30. 7:13. 9:00 and 11:33
Arrive at' ?*st Francisci% daily. «t !<:*''¦
7:35. 8:15. S:5O. 0:35. 10:3O a. m. ; 1:3% 2:09.
4.25. 3:06. 6:42. 6:2% «:5T. 7:40 and 11:13
p.m.
?Dally e>eept Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:43 a. m.; also Sat'.
urdays at 3:13 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sanday at 3:13 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. daily— Caxadero and war stat loos.
' 6:15 p. m.. Saturdays only — For Caxadero.
•tc '
3:13 p. rn.. dally, except Saturday aad Sun- .
day, for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFTICR— «6O Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of. Market st. . .
MT.TAMA^PAlS.RAlLWAYi
~ It. ha tnadum I JI^SLaw ¦ ir. l»a fjiaaa«s
%k. fan «raWM 4Sgf|»gV| 8a»daTt ~?l. Uj* '
k 8:25* KSf*ll X:30r »1O:5Oa
»:5Oa 9!6OAi\^C*5Biar 2: 3-5 P 3:33f
1':4*Sp"i l*:45rf \£2bi&' 6;ggp "'6:Vjr
UairiiTi 4:35p Saariaj* ll:I3p .<
•TuCnrtty Car Y it.TaaWyajj »KinT>347
TlCXir - 1 650 Majuckt ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
U/1CJ8 ) aad SaosaUTO Fsjulv. Foot J&uUt, Sc
W LT^ITED TO CHICAGO*
1 IEHES M01DATS »d THDRSDiYS H
H at !>:3O a.m, tbxxxagb. la 3
Switli Ciner and all trapping*. • fl
OtieT Santa F« Train* : ¦ '";,
T:30a. m.l For stooXton. Fresno, Baxersflald.
'lioOp. ntj *«-»*. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4 :00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand. Canyon
and ChlcatTa.
Tickvt Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
Iand,-Caj.: also 27 South at. Ban Jo«c.
CALIFORNIA KORTflWESTEHN RY. CO.
Tiouron Terry, Foot of Mark at Str»«t. \
SAir rsANCisco to saw eatael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:20, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
. 3:30. 5:10 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at ll:3O d. m. . ..
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. rn.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:80, ll:0O a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAS PBAHCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:06 7:33. 7:00. »:20. U:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40.' 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturday! — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00 t 9:40, 11:13 a. nx; 1:40, 3:40.
4:05. 5: OS. 6:35 p. m.
Leave I In- Effect J ArrtTe
San Fran. | Oct. 2, 1604. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Bun- I Week
Days. ) days. | . tlon. | days, f Pays.
~7730a sT0Oa[ 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Igaaelo.. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:06 p 6:20 p
0:10p 5:00 p 7:33 pj
7:30 a 9:10a! S:40a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma . «:0» p{ 0:20 p
5:10 p 8:30 p and 7:35 p) . . ~
| 5:00 p Santa Rosa. (
7:30 a - • 10:40 a 10:20 a
: ' (1 8:00a ¦; Fulton. : * 7:35p«:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p -' ( •
, , , Windsor.
7:30a StOOa Healdsbarr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
* , 1'. Lytton,.. .
S:30 p 3:30 p Oeyserville. 7:33 p 6:20 p
'¦ . Cloverdale. ' ¦ ¦
7:30 a 8:0O a| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p| and Vklah. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
~j Z I * WU11U and f j "
7:30a[ 8:00a( Sherwood. |7:85pl«:2Op
7:30a! 8:00a) |10:4Oa|lO:2Oa
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| Ouerrevllle. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30a! 8:00a! Sonoma, |9:10a| 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:C5 p| 8:20 p
7:30 at sioOal . - 110:40 a:i0:20 a-
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopot. | 7:35 p[ 8:20 p
STAGES connect at Green. Brae- for San
Quentln:. at Santa Rosa for White . Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville . for Skasrgs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vilte and Greenwood; 'at Hopland for Duncan,
Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyviUe. Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay, Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Vklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lake*. Lanrel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Vpper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's/
Riverside. Llerly's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville. Orr*s Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoctno . City
Fort. Bragg. Westport and Vsal: at WUIlts for-
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Bragg, Cahto, Covelo. Laytonrllle, Cumming-g,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Hubbard, Frultland,
Dyer. Garbenrille, Camp 5, Pc pperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. ¦
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sanday — Round-trip tickets to all poln*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. '
Ticket office. «50 Market street. Chronicle
building. .-?--
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAX. .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
ff LIMITED \
mm is a luxurious solid through train EVERY DAY
i§ IN THE YEAR, less than three days to Chicago W
Bh over the only double-track railway between thcll
MB Missouri River and Chicago. , Electric lighted It
l| throughout. Two trains daily via the |fl
11 Chicago, union PACinc il
11 AMD NORTH-WESTERN LINE. II
lam Direct connection for St. Paul and Minneapolis. MB
The Best of Everything. MM
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and full info*- jffjp
agent, or toTHE SANr FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY^ NOVEMBER 8, : 1904.
12
EMPLOYMENT WANT3SD--remal*-;Con
YOUNG Spanish lady~ wants position in doc-
tor's office; good penman; children's nurse.
Spanish, wants place In family: German
woman wants housework In timall family:
Bohemian girl seeks position in family.
' housework. etc. CAL. EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. 11 Third st. Tel. Bush. 405.
A SWEDISH girl wants a situation to do gen-
eral housework: a small family: $25 month.
Please call at 2661 Twenty-second st., near
Bryant.
¦¦I.
¦ MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wants posi-
tion; Is a good cook; willing to do email
washing; competent to care for children;
moderate wages. 794 Foleom st.
WANTED— Situation by a flrst-class. experi-
enced woman as housekeeper and all -round
worker; good references if required. Call or
address MA Natoma st.
J STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, now with
, . ; large wholesale house, five years' experi-
ence, desires .to change position. Address
M. S.. box 4724. CalL : .. ;
DRESSMAKER; high-daw work; city refer-
ences; $3 per day; fine designer and fitter.
Box 4430. Call office.
HUNGARIAN cook. 15 j years' experience in
Europe, wishes hotel, club or lunch place;
quick rush order. 413 Natoma. st.
A SWISS girl wishes situation as chamber-
maid and seamstress in private family or
cara of child. 306 Montgomery ave.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 60; dresses altered; perfect
fit guaranteed. Box 3797. Call office. •
DRESSMAKER would like a steady position
in private family; first-class in every partlc-
ular. Box 4629. Call office.
YOUNG lady would like a position at second
work; good references. Address box 4696,
Call office.
RELIABLE woman would like few families'
washing, chamber work or cleaning by day.
488 Geary; nhone Brown 32.
•EXPERIENCED nurse will engage by week or
month to care for Infant at its own home. ¦
Call 1441 Sacramento st., city.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references; as to charac-
ter, wants a situation. Box 4637. CalL .
TWO girls wish situations to do general house-
work and plain cooking. 124 Langton; rear.
TYPEWRITING to do. 309 Hearst building.
i -. ¦
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to do general
housework. 2631 Nineteenth st.
LADY wishes work as ladles' nurse, city or
country. MRS. RICKMANN. 105 Eighth st.
SITUATION wanted as a talloress. 275 Church
street. . ,
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; $1 50
and carfare. 3623 Nineteenth et.
VAN NESS. 1407— Position as caretaker of
rooming-house by a widow.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a situation
as a housekeeper. Box 4676. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as cook or light house-
work; across bay preferred. 1100 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, young lady, de-
sires position; $40. Box 4638, Call office.
WANTED^-Posltlon as cashier In restaurant;
best of references. Box. 4719, Call.
GIRL wants work In candy store. Box 4020,
Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position In
: law firm. Box 3627. Call office.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home. An-
swer box 3769. Cail office.
WETNURSE wants place; references. MRS.
B.. 1405B Pacific st.
JAPANESE woman wants position to do
housework and wait on table; good wages.
and room out. Call at 325% O'Farrell st.
A JAPANESE woman wants a situation as a
cook and housework. Address 1346 Turk st.,
tel. Pine 1116. NOEU.
JAPANESE woman wants position as general
helper. 1336 California st.
JAPANESE, first-class family laundress, wants
Job. T. NOGUCHI. 3500 Twenty-third .st.
subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and' Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tin
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 653 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALT!.
AA — A FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger,
tlnter and gralner desires work by the day or
Job; flrst-class work guaranteed; good work
very reasonably done. Address 1454 Devisa-
dero st. -
COACHMAN, gardener, wants situation pri-
vate family; flrst-class driver; can milk,
raise and care for chickens; strictly sober;
knows city well; first-class references. Box.
4061, Call office.
GARDENER, first class in all branches of
gardening, competent to take charge of gen-
tleman's grounds, wishes position on private
place; references. Address A. W., box 4S80,
Call office. > - ¦
A— SITUATION wanted to take care of a pri-
vate place by a trustworthy man (Dane);
understands gardening, horses, milking; good
references. Box 4416. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants situation to
take cara of gentleman's place; raise all
sorts of vegetables; temperate. Box 4063,
Call office. \ ¦
BOOKKEEPER— Rapid, accurate and reliable;
thoroughly up-to-date correspondent. Box
4062. Call office. '
CURTAIN and drapery salesman wishes situa-
tion; capable of managing department. Ad>
dress B.. 1423 Octavla st. • ' '.- .-• ;.j
STRONG young man. handy In all kinds of
work, wants position: warehouse or as a
Janitor. Box 4029. Call.
WANTED^Posltlon as porter or Janitor, or
will do house-cleaning; handy -with tools;
experienced. Box 4054. Call.
SITUATION wanted to take care of a private
place; carpenter by trade; trusworthy and
reliable. Box 4053, Call. - -
MEDICAL student (trained nurse) will ex-
change services for board and room. Box ,
4057. Call office. '
YOUNG German, steady, reliable and Indus-
trious, desires position at anything; well
- recommended. Box 4064. Call office.
SPOTLIGHT and picture machine operator;
long experience. A. S. B., 405 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS groom (English) desires situa-
tion. Box 4030, Call.
WANTED — Plftce to chop wood by the cord ;
cabin to cook and sleep in. Box 4032. Call.
YOUNG ! man deslre.8 a position as collector,
clerk or watchman, or any position of trust;
strictly temperate; no gambler; can place i
$1000 as security. Address for one week.
box 46S3. Call. . ,
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and re-
liable, with business experience and knowl-
edge of bookkeeping, wants position; refer-
ences. Box 4048. Call office. w - :_
SITUATION wanted by colored man as first-
class butler or cook In private family; Creole
cook; can give best references. Box 4050.
Call office. . '¦> ' ' ¦
BOOKKEEPER. 10 years' experience, also
executive experience, desires position with
-reputable city firm; age 30; references. Box
4428, Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits, 27 years of age,
wants situation in grocery store, deliver or-
' ders, tend bar. etc. Address M. E., box 4031,
Call office. * -
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and re-
liable, with knowledge of bookkeeping and
business experience, wants position; refer-
ences. Box 3766, Call office. ¦
YOUNG ' man , wants position In hardware
store, retail or wholesale; has had four
years' experience; good salesman; also un-
derstands packing. Box 4415. Call office.
YOUNG . man with 10 years* experience in
hardware business desires position; can 'give
. unquestionable reference, and recommendation.
Box 4623. Call office.
"COLORED TRIO." piano, mandolin and cello:
. flrst-class mualo furnished for dancing- or
l entertainments. Address 915 Seventh it.
" Oakland. % ,
BAY. I'm your man If yon want a sober. In-
dustrious, ' middle-aged. . married man as
watchman, choreman . or man to carry sign.
Box ' 469». Call office. .
MANAGKR. salesman and clerk' wishes steady
position; best of references and experience:
-also .well acquainted In city and can draw
trade." Box 3991. Call office.
YOUNG man. - master 3 languages . able cor-
responding clerk, fully qualified for position
of trust -and responsibility. ¦ wishes: to im-
'; prove ¦ his position. ; Box '3785, Call. - • *
GENTLEMAN wishes light work on ranch*
*• aaJary no . object. Box 4M9, r Call offlc*. • '
EMPtOYMEHT WANTED-- MAXS—Con.
WANTED — By a first-class, reliable, married
farmer, a position as working foreman on a
small stock, grain or fruit ranch; under-
stands ranch work In alt its branches; thor-,
oughly capable of taklnr full charge. Ad-
dress Farmer, box 4037. Call office.
EXPERT polisher; pianos, rtalr cases and
furniture; don't fall to *ee A. McANDREW.
traveler, landscape artist; up-to-date. Bo*
3647, Call. __
A YOUNG man who thoroughly understands
mechanical drawing desires a position as
draftsman's assistant or tracer. Address
box 3332. Call, office. | '
STRONG young man. not afraid of hard work,
desires a steady position: can furnish best
city references;, no salary objection. • Box
4672, Call, . • j
YOUNG Hawaiian gentleman wishes position
In photograph gallery: has had four ye*rr
•xperlenre; good all around man. Box 33T3.
Call offlcB. * ¦ __•
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper. (German). goo*
mixer, wishes situation, city or-country- Box -
4002. Call office. . . -.
RELIABLE man, experienced in wins and
. liquor business, cellar and. store, wishes po- .
¦Itlon. H. ENGEL,, 387 Turk st. .
GARDENER (single), expert in all branc»e».
wants situation. Address Botanist, box 149L
Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG German dishwasher wlshea position In
restaurant.' boarding-house or hotel. Box
4427/ Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS French, cook wants a sltua-
'tlon In a family: understand* -pastry and .
fancy work. 816 Leavenworth st. .-
YOUNG marrttd man. steady -and reliable*
wishes position In a wholesale house or a» #
a driver. Box 4022., Call office., .
WANTED — By young man. 22 years old. • .
posltlcn as elevator ' conductor. JOHN W. ;
ROBERTS, 116 Fourth St. . - ;
WANTED— Position by man- and wife; cooks:
thoroughly competent; note,!, camp or board-
Ing house. Box 4621. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as traveling salesman for
specialty: 6 years' experience; best of refer-
encea. Boot 4502. Call office. „
FIRST-CLAS3 mining camp cook, wants sit-
uation; used to handling larg» camps. E.
L."J.. 158 Sliver st. ... • •_,
YOUNG married man, steady and reliable,
wishes position as shlpplnc clerk. Box 3763.*
Call office. .-'..-.
BARTENDER wishes to get more experience
in flrst-clajs bar; wages no object ; good city-
references. -Bqx 3775. Call office.
WANTED — Copying- or addressing envelppes,
folding circulars: fair penman: steady wo»*
solicited. Address box 3629. Call office.
AN experienced. Gerrrfan gardener wants* po-
tit inn on a good private- place or -in nursery:
best of references. Address .F. H-. 431 Pln»,
CABINET maker, 20 years', experience, wlshe* '
to obtain steady position In factory or store.
Apply 253 Fell st. • • .
PATTERN maker (rftachine- and house): capa-
ble of taking 'charge In a foundry shop. Ad- .
dress FARQUHAR. 4? Eighth st. . .
SOBER, industrious man <m!adle-aged).' .wh»
can tern his hand to anything, ' wants wbrlc;
waxes $20. Address box .3779. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED, -married farmer, no children,
would like position In' country;, good- reconi-.
mendations. Box 3788. Call 'office. . . .
"WANTED — Paper hanging; arid painting by In-
terior decorator. Address- E. E. H.. box
3787. Call office. ' . :
GERMAN man who understands farming wt*Se»
work around Pleas'anton. Healdsburg or Wat-
scnville. Address box 36od. Call office.
YOUNG man who worked 4. years in hardware
store in Germany would like to have a posi-
tion in. the samer business, 123 Sutter sL s
WELL acquainted' business man desires 'a po-
sition as salesman, manager, and collector
• ' with a responsible bouse. 'Box 4040, CalL - . -
A RELIABLE man' wants position as night
.watchman; references! I. B., 756 Folsom St..
FIRST-CLASS .barber wants situation in th»
country. Box 4042. Call office. -
WANTED — A position as a. barkeeper. Box
4611, Call office. •
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet .la.yer will*
work by the day or. piece. Box 3614. Cap. .'
CARPENTER wants work by Job. ¦ Address
Carpenter. 192S Market st.-
COLLECTOR, best c-f . reference*, wants posW
tion. Box 4500; Call office.
SITUATION wanted' by young man as collector
or assistant bookkeeper. Box 3337. CalL
WANTED — Situation as foreman on ranch.
Box 4033. Call..
A FIRST-CLASS 'waiter wants a situation In
hotel or restaurant. Box 3601* Call office. ' '
A RELIABLE man wants- position as night-
watchman; references. Apply 320 Fifth st.
CARPENTER wants work by day: understands
plans. Address, box 3723. Call office. . .
JAPANESE couple want situations: man has
good experience, cook' 15 years: wife trait at
. table or do housework. ; OGURA, 423 Steven-
son St. :¦¦>¦'' •'•"."
JAPANESE -boy, gentle and honest, wishes po-
. si tier, as a schoolboy; .speaks English. Y.
MUYA. 326-32* McAllister st. ; phone 74S Fol-
som. ' ' . ,
JAPANESE cotipls want place in family; man
- first-class cook, wife wait at table and hoase-
work; have references.. Phone 1056. G. N
418B Larkin st.
GOOD faithful Japanese couple want hoose»
' work and cooking: wages- expected, f 10; board
themselves. Box 7269. Call office.
A JAPANESE wants to wash dishes, every
night. GUI. 1410 Pine st., San Francisco;
! phone Hyde 171.
JAPANESE wants position for moraine or halt
days' work; don't want room; references. O.
OTA. 130^ Fern ave. . . '
JAPANESE boy wants situation as help cook
in family In this city. K. TSXTRUMIZU. 438
Geary st. _.^V
JAPANESE wishes position as first-class cook
in ¦ respectable' family; experienced, many-
years; city, or country. H-. K.. 2O Lewis pL
A STRONG Japanese boy wants any kind of
work, waiter, porter or housework; naa ha<l
considerable experience. J. H.. 433 Sutter.
A JAPANESE wants situation at housework
or help- in kitchen; wages (12 or $15 up.
. Y. T.. 420 Powell st. . : - .
JAPANESE boy wants any kind cf work: ta
hotel or office. GEO. D. T., box' 4013. CalL
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook -wants place ta
private family.. OY ENI GOCK. 1112 Stock-
ton st.
CHINESE wants situation as cook In private
family; $35 ta $40 a month. SEE FOOT.
708 Jackson st. # *
A CHINESE cook, would like a position In a
first-class hotel. 1110 Stockton st. *
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position. Ad-
dress JIM. 717 Commercial st.
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position. Address
JIM. 717 Commercial st.
. TOTANCIAI.. .^
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BOND3.
Secured by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO (INC >
11 TZ Broadway. Cor. 14th St.. , -
Oakland.
i . ' •
THE 'REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital-paid In $4.«00.000 CO
Surplus ...> 840.90138
Issues
Six rer cent
Investment Certificates
At rar. '
Offlce^ — No. 14 Sansome street.
San Francisco. Cal.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents: stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free
Write A.' F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bdsi
r ;^ T ? 1> ~.T' > P urcnas « Realty Syndicate cer-
i^i^c^^b^^;^ XCOM^^
. ¦ ..* FTTSJ1XTUKS TOB HAXJ.'
HENRY MAYER pays highest price, for furl
nlture.carpeta. etc 733 Mission; ML Bush 813
' CLArBVOYAirrS— Contlnned.
REMOVED T; ~~~~~
A PHENOMENAL *& Mental Reading for SI.
, The great— ELLSMERE— Ellsmere— the great
Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the greatest
clairvoyant in the , world ; - tells your name,
what you called for, whom and when you will
• marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere Is dif-
ferent trom other clairvoyants, because he
does what they claim to do, things that are
beyond ordinary understanding, things that
seem impossible; he gives you -Information,
relief, success, satisfaction, power and con-
trol of any character affecting any one or
. anything past, present or future: he tells you
just what you may expect and what to do for
your best interests In any matter; he awak-
ens a natural . force within and around you.
Riving, you, a secret power 'to remove the
cause of any trouble, influence, unhapplness,
; disease, poverty, failure -.'or bad- luck that
surrounds you: he opens up a way for success
and .happiness you desire; a power to secretly
change the thoughts, actions, habits or Inten-
tions of any one, even miles away; remem-
ber, there Is no guesswork when you consult
him; If affair: of the heart or emotions, of
love Interest you, he gives exact and truth-
ful advico on all love affairs; he advises you
hew to settle lovers' 'quarrels and enables you
to win the esteem and love of any one you
desire.
3 offices. 826 O'Farrell st. 8 offices.
Open Sundays, every day, 10 to 8. Mail. $2.
MME.. PORTER, '•clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
.present, future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
. )«try fujl life read. $1. 803 Jones, near Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts. The Vendome, 1104 Market,* r. 24.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th st.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st.
. SPrBITXTAIJSM.
INGA THERESE SHAGREN, the best psychic
In the city; I have thousands of testimonials
as to my ability to read the future; call and
I will give you a trial reading of your life
free. 19 Ewlnsr dace, on west 6lde of La-
guna St., between Sutter and Post; no sign.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night; 10c; pri-
vate readings daily; come skeptics. 619 Mc-
Alllster *t. - - - ¦
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyant. Office, 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
MRS. BURR (formerly Mme. Anthony), ¦ medi-
um and life reader, 32 Ritch st.; ladies 25c;
gentlemen 50c. ,.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait. Home.
MRS. GORDON, business medium and life
reader. 132 Sixth s.t. ."¦ . ' .. ..
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, life read-
er; clr. evgs., 10c; read, dally. 836 Mission
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkin.
room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South'319.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
- warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c; sliver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist, r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;flllings, 25c
DR. R> L. WALSH has moved from' Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
' tlsts. Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 069 Mission, cor. 6th.
DBtSSMAKERS AND SEAMSTEESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIOHAI*. .
'A — THE Lyceum, an accredited 'preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution .devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
A — "Single page method"; no text books;
twlca the progress in arithmetic, bookkeep-
ing, shorth'd. etc.; West. Bus. Col., 12S1 Mkt.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 738 Mission.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Pheran bldg.;. terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
Established 1863; largest in the West; send
for circulars. • , ?
BOOKKEEPING, En*., math., etc.; day and
eve.; individual lnstr. 305 Larkin st.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market — Posl-
, tions, shorthand,, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
- LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bub. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN. 1155 Larkin. glvesahor-
ough, successful Instruction in piano and Vocal.'
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe's Academy
of languages, 1018 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
mandolin club, $1 per month. 82S Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. I Hln-
- man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
v individual lnstruc; air branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave., S. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
- EMPLOYMENT OPPICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
1 8. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel.Bush 859.
•CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Lson Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- I
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
r Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JEMPIiOYMEKT WANTED— FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS cook, 4 years' references,
city, also 2 first-class second girls, with the
' best of city references can be seen at J. F.
CROSETT & CO.'S. 334 Sutter st. ,;
RESPECTABLE girl wishes ' general house-
I work and small wash, city or Oakland. 612A
Octavia st., near McAllister.
A' YOUNG German girl wants upstairs or gen-
' eral housework in private family. . 1022 Sac-
ramento »t. '-, ¦ . - . v
A' REFINED young lady wishes position doing
upstairs work and, sewing; > flrst-class seam-
'/stress; .city, or; country. '¦/ Box 4059,^ Call. .:
A 'COMPETENT: laundress ¦ and '; housecleaner .
.•wants '. work at - $1 25" per • day; ' references. ,
_¦ Address 730 Natoma st. '- ¦ / \.T: V.'A
COMPETENT girl *lshes- position; s chamber
work and waiting; 'good references. , 1023
-, Larkin at. . . -'-.;- .- . ¦ -
DRESSMAKER, experienced, desires a few
more engagements by the day. - Phone Sutter
y 933-v : y ..:; -.; .- "-, ¦-'-., ;-'¦- " ' ¦ ¦-* : :..:¦¦',
A YOUNG ! woman wantsfa position for cham-
-¦; ber, work and care* baby. . 258% Tehama rst.
WOMAN 'wishes work by "the day. , 630 How-"
|| ard \ st. !$$%&$£&
YOUNG, healthy wetnurse -would .like to
nurse an infant;' best of references. Address
MRS.T A: < M.; . box 4695, Call. '
REFINED " young ? woman wants • position as
; ,; cashier. 7 613 Larkin st. ' :
LADY, wishes : a place to do housework; no ob-
;;'' ' jection 1 to ; the' country. >:' Address 273S Bryant."
ELDERLY lady, would ' like few hours' ~ Ughi
• .work each day. ; -, Box 4M5. Call office, . :-
BgSIITESSJ^AgCES.'
KEPTAURANT and cafe, clone to Market and
Powell bt». ; leaee; place elegantly fitted up
nn<i doing a large business; best_ clas* of
patronage; owner engaged in other bust-
ners; must sacrifice. See R. O. \VlL»Kfc.,
26% Kearny tV '
A— J5O0; CANDY store and icecream parlors;
living rooms; rent $15; location the best;
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
26 Ij Kearny et. '¦-'•""'- ' r
A— $«W0; ROADHOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
rent $20; S years' lease; very best location;
on San Mateo road. . See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et. _*
A— J245O: CORNER grocery and bar: 5 years'
leaee; rent ?40; Etore doing a large cash busi-
ness; location cant be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— #."i500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
bulMing; net rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about I12C0; a good paying, place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. Q.
WILKE. 26*i Kearny st.
A— S 2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years: doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE, 26ft Kearny st.
A— $1350; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce 'store; I block from Palace Hotel;
daily receipts from $30 up; horse, wagon;
place clearing 1200 per month. See R. t».
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $900— CORNER saloon, with cijar stand,
on Fourth st.. living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. __^__
A Ji.%0 — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. R- G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $1600; CORNER cigar stand on Ellis st.:
lease; a good paying place; location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N. Y.; a sacri-
flce. See R. Q. WILKE. 26^- Kearny St.
A— $6500; THE leading candy, icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $300: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon:
corner: rent $3©: best location: business pay-
Ing well. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
south of Market st.; net rent $90; lease 4
year*: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in tight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 block*
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny St. - - .
A— $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of. land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc; monthly income $1000: one of the
best business properties: about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ¦
A — $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 2«% Kearny st.
A — $1600: COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 60 boarders: fine barroom
mith good trade; cloie to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
* to retire. Particulars R. O. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
<5aiy receipts about $20: best location north of
Market sL Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st.; rent $60: living rooms: stock will in-
voice about 12800; a well established and
first-class paying business. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
10% NET INCOME. PAYABLE MONTHLY IN
ADVANCE I
Strictly modern two-story building on
northeast corner, one block from San
Pablo ave. and few minutes to City Hall; a
gold bond Investment: $13,000; can borrow
about JSOOO; title guaranteed.
. HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
314 Ban Pablo ave., Oakland, Cal.
$2500— FAMILY liquor store and park In S. F.;
in wholesale district: selling account old age.
1108 Webster St.. cor. Twelfth. Oakland.
flT.'O — SALOON and roadhouse. near Oakland:
8 rooms finely furnished and good piano;
large grounds: good location: this will bear
investigation: genuine bargain. 1108 Web-
rter Et. , corner Twelfth, Oakland.
$350— CORNER branch bakery and delicacy
store: best part of Oakland; 4 living rooms;
rent $16; bargain., 1108 Webster St.. Oakland.
$150— CIGAR store; living rooms: full value In
eight. 1108 Webster et.. Oakland.
$1650— RESTAURANT: the greatest bargain
e\er offered. Call 1108 Webster st., Oakland.-
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
D7 you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell. ' >,
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
1312 Market St..
Rooms, 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$1000 — CIGAR stand; near theater; best loca-
tion north Market: $600 stock, cash register,
machines; big trade: long lease. 1007% Mkt.
$150 — PARTNER; cashier In good paying res-
taurant; lady or gentleman 1007% Market st.
$200 — CORNER cigar stand; Al location; good/
stock and trade. 100714 Market «.
$30f) — PARTNER: muet be honest, saber, re-
llable. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny at.
$6Mt to $10.000— Saloons that will stand inves-
tigation. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT, "> p o delicatessen" utoren. at
bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
CALL route for sale; good route in Alameda.
Apply to this office or call at 1813 Pacific
ave., Alameda; take broad gauge train, get
off at Grand n. station, Alameda; call be-
fore 12 noon.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
- HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott square,
Buffalo. I
A RELIABLE porter for. flour room: must
have experience in flour mills: no drinking
man; state age and give reference. Box
44.50, Call office.
V»'ANTED— Man .with small capital in estab-
liihed and paying commission business of
years' standing; no trlflers. Box 1493, Call
office. Oakland. ' ;
BEST opportunity ¦ for a small Investment In
Oakland: just the thing for a good live man.
Call or write R. P. McDOLE. 141 Oakland
ave., Oakland. ' • ' \\
FOR sale — A half Interest. In bakery and cof-
fee parlor; first-class location and business
increasing. Address S. B.. box 620, Sacra-
mento, CaL
$275 — ACTIVE man as partner: established
business; duties easily learned; sure profit of
$S5 a month to each. «V!2 Market St., r. 6.
$900— RESTAURANT; great bargain: fine loca-
tion; good business; party going East; also
list of saloons. Eltel & Carroll. 212 Kearny.
PARTNER— Detective and collection; estab-
lished business; small capital. 1014 Broad-
way, room 25, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted in the furniture and uphol-
stering business; capital small. Inquire 1714
Polk st. ,
$200 — BRANCH bakery, stationery, notion,
laundry, cigars and tobacco, etc.; 4 rooms;
rent ?13. 1469 Fifteenth et. .
$S00— RESTAURANT, north of Market; close
in; good business location; fine trade; rent
$22 50; receipts $35. Box 4401. Call office.
BRANCH bakery,' candy and" notions; -nice
clean stock; snap for right party: leaving
city; bear investigation. 1509 Buchanan st.
FRUIT and groceries; good - location; cheap
rent: 3 living rooms: good business.' Apply
23 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
HAIR dressing and manicuring ' parlor; best
location In city: no opposition; owner leav-
ing. Box 4690. Call office.
$300^ — PARTNER In restaurant ." and cigar
stand; no experience necessary. 310 Folsom.
BOYS wanted. 14 to 16. Apply 7 a. m. 128
¦ Hickory ave, rear, third floor: refer, required.
RESTAURANT for *a!e. $250; call and ree; a
good bargain If nold to-day. At 310 Third et
WANTED — A. young grocery ' clerk with ref-
erences. .Box 4-44B. Call office.'
OYSTER -grotto and chophouse In business
street for $800;. rent cheap.- Box '4063, Call.
CIGAR stand; good stock. Inquire 125 Third
St. .. . - -:-.-¦ .:. .:' -.-.''¦ ;;. , - '. .' v •
SALOON and grocery, for sale: • Oor. 'Fifteenth
- ave. and Q st. south: established 15 years. .
ROUTE 12. -San Francisco Call,'- f6r sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office. ,: : <-.. _,.,--.-.
A GOOD chance to build raloon and roadhouse
en Govarnmeat land. Box -4123; Call office.
JOHN P. SPRiyKKLS^^Proprjetor
Address Communications, to
\V.' J. MAlinX . .- . . nastog^MtuiiagCF
" '. ¦ . ' TELEPHONE. .
Ask for- THE CALL* Th* Operator WUI Con-
. -Beet You With tbe Department You Wl*n.
••Publication Offire. ...Market end Third. S. F.
Editorial Room^..'...217 to 2?t Stevenson »t-
' Delivered . by Carriers. 20 Cts Per k - " 5
•Cts. P#r Mor.th. Finsl- Copi" 5 «•- .
°3>rn-^ fy Jisil. Including Postige <Caeh VI itn
Order) : „ -.
' J3A.1LY CALL Onrlurf. Sunday*. > «*•*• - -?" £!
r>AlLY CALL, <inrlud. Sunday). « moe... 4.W
DAILY CACL — By Single Month ••»£
J-lTNDAY CALL. 1 Year ?'XJ{
TTEEKLY CALU 1 Year i-.i™
>; * * twnr^v 1 Dally... $8 ¥0 Per Year Extra
Eoor2?r KKCr.TiS P'r T«r Extra
. POfcTAUt. J Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POgT-MAPTEIlS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
tamnle" Copie* will be forwarded when r»-
'*. quested. .
t . &fa;l : «ubsrrlber« in ordering: rbaiur* °t..£Sj
ir+tt should be particular to give both rsfc.vv
'AND- OLD ADDRESS in crder to Insure m.
. prcrj-.pt and correct compliance with their re-
cuett. - -
' " OAKLAND OFFTCTE: ¦
,i0:e Broadway Telephone Main 1083
'' BERKELEY OFFICE:
¦348 Crater Street Telephone Norta Tl
¦ Washington correspondent:
• EAMUEL W. WALL i . . : - . Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦;¦. Waldorf' Aeteria ' Hotel: A. Brentano. w
Felon Souare: Murray Hill Hotel; Frft»-av»nu»
" Betel and UoCman House.
'¦: " CHICAGO "NEWS STANDS:
. Sherman House: P. O. New. Co.:; Great
Northern. Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
. HeteJ; Palmer House.
' ..-.-" CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS Msrquette Butldln*-
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619- i ¦
• 3?EW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTXPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
.-. ' NEW YORK COP.RESPONDENT.
JC. C: CARLTQN Herald Square
KCFINEES OFFI<~K c'f the San rrancl»<« Call.
'.. -<*>rr*T Market aftd Third streets: open until
. : 12 o'clock fv*.T nicht In tbe year.
;'. BRANCH OFFICES:
• 100? Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
l£7 Mcr.tgorrn'ry etreet. corner Clay; open until
' - * :30 p. m.-
.800' Ha.yei> street; open until 9: SO p; m. •
'.CS9 McAllister ftr»*>t: cpen until 9:30 p. to.
€15 Larkin street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
JK41 Miff-ion street ; open until '1* p. ta- t
" 306 Eleventh streot: open until » p. m."
.'3086 Valencia street: open until » p. m.
JCortheart corner Church and Duncan streets;
¦ open until 8 p. rn.
ggQO F:Hrr.r,re rtrwt- wn tatll »'T». tti.
; • MSETIgfO 3TOTICE3.
: A REGTLAH mwttns of Yfrba Buena .m*
'• ' Lodfr<- of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. B
.'"'Scottish Rite of Fr**-masonr>'. will be t\
. -. h<d ' In Oominandpry Hall. Masonic e*~Zs>
¦•¦'Tfrnplf. «n THL'lLsDAY EVENIKG. t—^
• ¦^oiinlwr o. 1WM. at * o'clot-k. Uesrre^ 12th
' ' and loth. Visiting brethren cordially in-
' vited. HENRY BL'RXKK. See.
Mi??ToN Chapter No. T9; R. A. M. — fi ¦
. stat-.l meetlnr THIS (THURSDAY) VSf
•KVEKIKG. 7:M o'clock; M. M. de- /V\
: ' prce. By cr3er of the H. P.
'. JXO. Ft HILLMAN. Sec.
C>LIFORXIA Lodre Ko. 1. F.-&-A. O
• M., will rrcct THIS (THT'RSOAY) > SQf
• -:EVE>:iKG at 7:."0 o'clock; stated /v\
' .meotirr, FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
"TIDKI-ITY Lr.».ee No. 120. K. & A. M. •
' .'staivi nectiai this (Thursday)
' ¦ EVENING at 7:S<) o'clock. By crder /Y\
of th<2 W. M.
\ .' .. ¦ FREDERICK BARRY. Sec
I>OR1C Lodfe No." 2]fi. F. & A. M.— _
Sta-tPd -m?^tir.? THIS (THURSDAY)
" KVKNING. K o'ekx-k. By order of the
¦ Master. • J. R.. GOLDSMITH. Sec ' '
STARR. KING Lode" No. S44. F. & A. a
1 it: 317 Devi^aiJerc nt. — Stated meet- "VV'
Mr? THIt= (TIU'RS-»AY) EVENING /VS
At 7::*C.n-c!ock. H. F. WRIGHT. Sec.
CROATIAN Benevolent Society, Zvo- ,£e5m
nifr.lr !Cc . 01— Meeting THIS fh£x\
(Till RSUAY) EVENING, Novera- -ittl
¦'b».r :{. •IS'tl, at S2-O'Karrcll Et. "iSiy
. ' J. p. J=UTICH, Pres. -
F. HESSLKR, gee-.;-'
T-ITK nfxt regular meeting of the Laborers'
• . Protective Afsoriatitn will be held In Red
•Branch Hill. " IViZ MlFfion Et.. on FRIDAY
" p'ENlNG.Nov. 4. Until further notice the
" regular -meetins of the society will be held
on the firrt and third Friday of each month.
By •order of M. COX. President.
.- M. DOLAN. Pecretary.
£ AGBSTTB WANTED.
•Fin^T-CL-^SS agents want«d: can make from
- JITi'to ?.'•'.> it dar." Room 212, Parrott bldg.,
- I srr.fice houVs J) to 5 i>. m.
" LADY sisents wanted everywhere to sell
" Ktvp's Furp^sitoriFs. 1312 Market 'St.. r. 310
" : • ATTOBHEYSjAT-iAW ;
A 'FRAVDLLKN'i" divorce Is dear at«312 and
is r.o. jrocd; for 22 years I've made divorces
• specialty; quick; quiet; no money needed:
nc p.ay unless divorce is Granted; perfectly
"'.reliable; lowest .fee*; advice free; . collec-
. y.rynt ma<Je.. «.. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
CpNSL"LTATIC.X free, private and confidential ;
••_!» sdvano* fres: buctnees promptly and le-
• "<£ally iranEacteci; collections, mechanics'
• liens, tenants ejected; probate; loans on real
estate: safe,. -£oiyi<i investments at highest
. ratg-pf -Interest". 632 Market
R. .TT. KIN'G, Attornev-H'-Litw, Exam, bldg.,
". Cth^foor: entrance room «511: established 28
vears: all courts, ceneral court and office
practice : no- fees in advance or for consulta-
'tlon: evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA—^Divorce: co«« $1 2:quick. quiet ;advice free;
all law. business; no charge unless success-
ful: open' eveninss. S27 Market st.; room 301.
'AX)VICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
' cptts in. advance; all law business; office
. open Saturday evenings. 619 Market st.,r.33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs JI2; quick, quiet;
all law buf-in**?; no charge unless success-
ful; oi<n evenings. 927 Market, room 204
L. S. CLAIiK. 027 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free: no fee* In advance : open evenings.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Ren;edy rf'.ieveTjrtftantly-
Kk; 25c. V*-. 1602 Market. Et. Nicholas :
pjyo ICth and Washington. Oakland.
2OEEIDE. at-trclorer; f*j-ch!c occult and~a*l
trolrpical readings. 9 Mason Ft., rooms 1-2.
calm or nos.
POSITIVELY cures all diseases O f women:
tumors - and raneer; recommended by phy-
Kirlai,g. Lo-.al offio; Ujj Larkin tt.
30iEm:;G roE czilseek.
A GERMAN lady would like to board one
child; roeni for father. Box 4425. Call office.
OkRFCT BEATING AJSTD CtEAyXITG.
COMPRESSED" Air "ind" Vacuum ProceiVu^ed
. for ceamr-g carpets on floor without removal -
carpeu end rugs also cleaned by compressed"
air at t-.he-p; prices moderate. S F. Com-
, r-r«»sed Air Cleaning Co.. - 30S Market st.'
phones Main 152 and Burn 47».
WHEN you become 4!rgusted with your work
«>nd for SPATTLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing works. 3^-357 Tehama et. Tel. South 40.
TTKSTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1803 Har-
rison tt.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN &CO-; phone Mission 225 '
CONKLIVS fiuperior Carpet Beatinr Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth »t.— First-class
carpet rjeaning. 3c j-ard. TeL Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
f.l. Main 334 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
nriXJLFH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
r*ascaable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
CLOTHING KEKOVATIKO.
CUITS cleaned and pressed. SI ; scouring and
dyric* . Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 4fo;
phen* Dramm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
JiAD tenants Oected~fSTf4*; ' collectlSnirnKde:
clly cr couctry. Pacific CollecUon Co.. 415
. Jioctffcmery n., rogzns 0-10. TeL M%ln SSIO.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE— Con.
A— CAMERON & CO.. , Phone South 1050.
..¦3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.' '.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of ' Business Chances.
ISC rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
hot'tte; . elegantly . furnished and equipped;
¦ cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month; '.close In; full of nice people;
bargain rf taken at once; dissolution of
partnership. , '
0-room flat; rent-only $50: water free; oak
'. furniture; good carpets: must sell; price $400.
60 rooms:' new. modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; -fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house -¦ reasonable; , sick-
ness. , . . .¦ - •¦ ¦ :- . .
7-room modern -flat; close In;, well furnished:
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down-
town location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets: clearing -now $200 per month; If run
transient can dear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city.
.¦ * ¦ '
24 rooms; rent $143; new and elegantly fur-
nished; 'oak and mahogany; fine proposi-
tion; good lease.
12S rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.,'
21 rooms: cheap rent; .very central; good, fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city;; make an offer.
65 rooms; b*st downtown commercial house in
city; clearing, now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or . Berkeley property or
ranch in California; must leave city.
16 rooms: rent" $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
SO rooms; newly ; furnished throughout; five-
year lease: downtown; fine; respectable, mon-
ey-making house;, part down, balance reas-
onable Interest.. .
10S rooms: rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease; up-to-date/ downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bell and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged
to leave for Europe to settle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us.
45 rooms, rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full;
best buy In city; account of sickness; price
$«00. v__ . £
Have new, modern 82-room house; rent $375;
electric lights. .- elevator, corner: everything
up to date: owner -will exchange for im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
' $7000 to $10,000. v.
Model v apartment-hou8e. 2 and 3 rooms each;
rent Is cheap: elegantly furnished; 8-year
. lease: there are 90 rooms; every thins new
and mod-ern; you can . get bargain account
of sickness. -- ,
34 rooms: cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape rvflne little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. . ,
Large list of real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
' hand. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. : .
LIST of great bargains; from 7 to 200 rooms;
cheap rents. - To { exchange for a lodging-
house. 377 acres land In Santa Clara County,
also 2 Oakland lots; good paying country
hotels and roadhouses. Money loaned on
furniture. Eltel & Carroll,, 212 Kearny st.
NICE sunny corner. , 7-room flat; new furniture
and carpets;Kas and electric lights: desirable
location, north: Market:. 1007 ¥< Market St.;
FOR sale— Rooming-house 12 rooms; near Mar-
ket st.; bargain If taken this week; owner
must go East. Address box 4056. Call office.
SIXTH, 308 — 12 rooms; rent $30; great sacri-
fice: must sell. Call 12 to 7.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale. Apply at cigar
store. -82S Market st..-
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— THE FUTURE CAN; BE TOLD. •
FREE "'FREE FREE
If not correct.
His regular $5 reading thlr week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1, $1.. $1.. $1. $1
BLANCHARD. ¦
The Kmlnent <
Clairvoyant— Psychic— Mystic
Tells your full name, what you. called for,
whom and when you will marry, reads your
entire life from infancy to old age.
He gives advice on business, love, court-
ship, marriage and tells of your friends and
enemies; removes evil Influences, reunites
the separated and causes speedy and happy
marriage to the one of your choice; cures
disease arid lost vitality without medicine;
locates mines, burled treasure . old estates,
lost or stolen goods, absent friends.
HE SEES ALL. TELLS ALL.
460 GEARY ST.. BETWEEN TAYLOR AND
MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS— 10 TO 8 P. M.. DAILY AND SUN-
DAY.
RICHARD MAYO.
„•% /•'•¦¦ CLAIRVOYANT.
At a. glance, before ybu have a chance to ut-
ter one. word, he tells you what you came for
and what you want to know.
HE TELLS YOU
HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS,
Whether your present business Investments
will be successful. No matter what may be
your hope, fear or ambition, call on this gifted
man and find relief. His descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though they
Htood before you. He tells you everything,
good or bad; you hear- the truth ¦ and nothing
but the truth. If you are discontented, un-
happy, discouraged, unsuccessful or In 111
health, call on Professor Mayo and he will aid
you in life's greatest blessings, health, wealth
and happiness. .Satisfaction guaranteed ; or no
fee accepted. ¦ . ¦
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONE
DOLLAR.
421A Ellis st. . (Private) Flat. Hours 10 a. m.
to 8 j>.' m.
MME. M." BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant" and . business medium; perma-
nently 'located at 17 Third St., next Exam-
iner- bldg. ; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past,' re-
veals I the present happenings and ¦ portrays
events to occur In the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented , or. not; satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium' and you will
be told how to overcome them; -valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
. guaranteed: open Sundays. . Tel. Black 4569.
A— A— KHIRON. .
GREATEST LIVING . CLAIRVOYANT. ; AD-
VISER on business,' law/ love, marriage, dl-
* vorce, all affairs; reunites separated, helps
. that troubled; tells your full name, - what you
' called for, . whom and when you will marry,
reads your entire life from Infancy to old age;
giving names, dates; facts and figures; re-
etores youth and' losl vitality, * - cures dis-
eases; low fee, 50c. . Hours — 10 a. m. to S
p. m.. 1031 Market st.
FROM all-sections they come to witness: the
wonderful- demonstrations ¦ of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. ReadiDgs $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you will succeed, to
be relieved, of the matters that are troubling
, you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
* you may meet with better success ? I Then for
a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE. 428
Eddy st.;" three separate reception parlors;
lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.' .
MME. LANGE— Just returned; ?. can give you
advice In your trouble by. her genuine ; Egyp-
." tlan i sympathy, palmistry :- and , spiritualism:
. possesses the genuine magical magnetic mir-
ror ," and ¦ crystal reading, which shows the
. : correct picture of future i.wlfe ; or. husband:
never; falls;* convince yourself: readings, - 25o
: ; and, up;. 10. to 8 n. m. : also Sundays; cures
: I diseases | by, her strong sympathy; . 46 . 7th \ it.
ISMAR.v Egyptian Seer ess, .The Vendome, 1104
.Market St.. • San Francisco. -'. Office hours — 10
. s. m: to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. ; Phone South 1141. ¦ , ,;
MISS'ZEMDAR. young.igifted clair.and palm.;
* :. reveals love, marriage, business, etc. ; L. 50c;
;G.' $1| hours 10 to 9; names... 714 Franklin st.
A— Mme. Ravenna j reads life; business I advice ;
names given: 25c up.'8*EUls et., near Market.
MME. MARSEAU, card ' reader;' ladles,- 25cj
; gpnts, • 50c. ¦ f,45 Minna : st. f .'* -:* : .
PROF. 'JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read."
¦ ¦ er;. readings 25c: 2. to 9 p.. m.: 512 Jessie 'st
ROSALIND,. world renowned rplritual clalrvoy-
, ', ant.,psychic, palmist.'; 19 ; Powell* (The Earl)/
MME.. ODELL,'- clairvoyant,' "card < reading. » tea
.'..; : leaves; : 25c up.'J 612% : Eddy , st. : : no sign. ":, >.ij
MADAME VONSOR.V clairvoyant. ..medium.
:i» evening [circles.! 8 o'clock. ;« B08 >Eddy/ Btr^' ¦--"> >*
MME." GABRIEL from the 'East; palmist, card
v ;? reader.} 765 Market St., r. 2, opp/P^elaa bid.
BPCTNESS^CgAN<^BS---Contlaaea.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy »t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR 6ale — First-class bazaar; located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateglass windows;
store fixtures, large stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doing- good business, clearing $150 to
$200 per month: trial given: established 17
years; ono of best propositions in city; rick-
ness; snap; price $3500. .
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California: 60 stalls:
rent only $75 per month; well stocked witn
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy sL ¦ ¦ ', '
FOR sale— Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located- cheap rent; doing goon
business; 3 living rooms; stock will invoice
mow than price asked: sickness; price $1000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy 8t. '
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real es-
tate, rooming-houses and business chances.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. .
FOR sale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F.; cheap rent; horses and wagons, ai.
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 per month; trial Klven If
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished: horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $iuw.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. ' ¦
FOR sale— Several good business propositions
for investors, such aa first-class laundry. Ice-
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention: would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON- &
CO.. .1 Eddy at. '
CIGAR stand In Oakland for sale; good cor-
ner. Address box 4402, Call office.
RESTAURANT doing a fine business for sale;
reasonable. Call 604 Turk st. .
FINE grocery and family liquor store at bar-
caln; beat location. 1609 Post Et. ' ¦
A COR. grocery delicatessen, with 2 Turn, rms;
rent $15; 3-year lease. 1300 Church st.
PARTNER wanted in milk business: $150 per
month each. Address box 4630, Call office.
WANTED — A laundry route. Box 3648. Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over •'Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 8607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
DEATH OF OWNER causes QUICK SALE
of an extra well furnished 30- room
house. 4 blocks north of Market; clears $1'48
monthly; lease. If you want It;
RUNNING WATER
IN EVERY ROOM.
"marion griffin.
SALARY of $3 per day
GUARANTEED and you stay at home;
rent $55; roomers are mechanics; .
HOUSE ALWAYS FULL; 80 rooms;
/ price was $2600; reduced to $1800
on account of sickness.
EASY TERMS. MARION GRIFFIN.
ELECTION SNAPS.
THESE MUST BE SOLD
BEFORE ELECTION DAY:
20 rooms; rent $40, $550
14 rooms; rent $50; Sutter-st. snap.,
S3 rooms; reputable; clears $138 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 46 rooms.
Near Butter and Hyde sis.
Rent only $150.
Income $175 monthly OVER EXPENSEr
EASY TERMS. NO CARDS.
MARION GRIFFIN."
GILT-EDGED. .
' 20 rooms splendidly furnished
ONLY ONE SHORT YEAR AGO;
full of permanent roomers;. 3 years' lease;
owinc to ttancerous eickness,
¦ — — ¦ t ¦ . . ' ¦ .
owner will sell for half of the cost;
$1000 Is all the cash you . need.
MARION GRIFFIN.
WE RECOMMEND
A NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE
of 22 rooms on Post st.; rent $90;
income $164; full of select roomers;
extra sunny and extra well located;
price $1650; % cash 'and
LITTLE MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
' MARION GRIFFIN. . J . 1" '.' '-.
OVER $400 MONTHLY PROFIT.,
It's a HIGH-CLASS BUSINESS;
roomers must give*. ACCEPTABLE. REFER-
ENCES: no vacancies; furnishings new and
beautiful; RENT only-' $5 per room: long
• lease; we show you the bills and DISCOUNT
them $2500; S3 rooms with; electrlo
light*, electric elevator and all other
modern conveniences. - .
Exclusively with ' -
• ¦¦ ¦ - \ MARION GRIFFIN.-
NEAR' Post and Taylor; 16 large sunny .
outside room: rent $75.
price $1200; was $1850; some one
'.' will get a bargain; better investigate.
MARION GRD7FIN. . '
WORK? None for landlady"
in this 14-room, ¦ extra sunny house;. ; -• '
rent $50; eunny corner;' profit $50; .".•
crlce $1000; % down; 111 health '
causes owner to sacrifice. •
'.' -'. :\ i T MARION GRIFFIN.
• Suite 406, "Examiner" ; building. v.
FOR SALE. --. .. ' ¦¦,•¦?:.-•-¦¦ '.--."* .? ''--: -:¦-,.
36-room house; downtown;flne furnlture.$5000
24 rooms;- central; ' everything ; new, ¦ $1600;
$800 cash.. ' -. . '
30 rooms; downtown: transient;.;.... 1 .. $2500
14 rooms ;; Sutter et.^transient 1 ."..;. '..'.$1000
100 rooms^'all rented; fine furniture, $10,000.
•; v$6000 cash.:: i. '. . .--. ?¦ . -
30 rooms; corner. house:- very swell. ....$3500
San Francisco Credit Co., 10 Turk st.V.lst fir.
7 : ~~; - MITCHELL & CO. i -»- . v - ..'
1206 Market 8t.'-t«S!QW3iSgjSs Phone Jessie 298L
- Rooming and apartment houses,' hotels and
flats sold- to suit' purchasers; titles- fruaran-
:¦•-. teed. V ' .MITCHELL & CO. : ' ' r->
OAKLAND i house.'; 22 '$ rooms ; : rent • ¦ $60; ?\ oak
, furniture;^ leas*;; always, full: .good -carpets;
center. otr town: $300 cash.and'f>niall;monthly
V payments i secures it, 'MITCHELL - & CO..
:X20fi Market St.; ' r ; : / :¦ r
FREE— BOSTON BROWN BREAD. free=GRIDDLEFHE SAN FRANGISCO GALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER" 3 K 1904.
13
HOUSED AOT) WAGOKS.
FINE river bottom pasturage: grc«n feed year
round ; mar Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stebles, 190 Stevenson. S. F.
FOR sale — 5 second- hand express wagens, one
einsle truck. 233 Beal« st:
I BIG bancalns xn all kinds of steel-tire and rub-
[ ber-tlre surreys. 1503 FGlsam st.
ALL kinds of business wagons, buggies and
carts; cheap. 1504-6 Folsom st.
SO GOOD, cheap horses; closing out; must.be
sold at once. Fifteenth and Shctwell sts.
WAGONS, buggies, surreys cheap at 102
Golden Gate ave.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. ltiSO Mission Et.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horse?, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nes». work & driving horaes. 15th -Valencia.
¦r. HOUSES TO L|1V^
A — PRINTED list or houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 20 Montgomery.
MARY. 20. near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
; double parlors; $25. ¦¦ '.',¦-
_. HOUSES TO I.-T— rURITISgEP.
CENTRAL ave., 404, near Golden Gate Park —
Fuirished house, 1H rooms, bath, laundry,
garden: rent $75; call mornings.
LYON. 120—8 rocms. baih, piano, furnace; fur-
nished or unfurnished. Apply 504 Stelner
at.. 10 to . 1 o'clock. '-•¦¦¦"" . ¦¦' ¦
HOTT3--C-EAM-WQ OrPIC-S.
JAPANESE houeecleanlng company and shoe-
niaker. 61S Gongh gt.; phone Howard 35S3.
_OST AKO POTTirP,
LOST — Diamond brooch; four-leaf clover; Sun-
- day evening: vicinity of Broadwayand Scott.
Return to 49 Second et., room SI; reward.
LOHT — November 2; package of private papers;
of value to owner only; reward. SUtJV-i Har-
- rlson *t- - - -.'
j LOST — Bcok entitled "The Great Composers.';
f'U<i-f- return to subscription department. Call
business office; reward.
$5 REWARD — Male Llewellyn setter; square-
shaped black left shoulder. W.-B..B., 185
San Carlos at.
LOST — Western Addition, collie pup, 7 months,
whit* and yellow, long nose; return to R. \.
SBAP.BORO. 3401 Washington- st. reward.
LOST — Brown pocket .book; name Arthur W..
Kennedy Inside. Return 305 Larkln; reward.
LOST — On 24th St., bundle route cards. Phone
Jessie 144, Mr. McGauIcy,- receive, reward.
LOST — Gold watch, between Fourth ? and Sixth
•sts., on - Berry. 1338 Kentucky .st.; reward.
LOST— Lady's watch: Initials M. S. K." on
back. Return to 4S5 Eddy at.; -reward.
REWARD for return of black cocker spaniel
to 1201 Jones tt.
FOUND— That CHICLETS are- really de-
lightful. ¦-¦¦¦-
FOUND— Collie dog. Owner may call 229
Sixth st. -¦¦...•-'
-ATJNCHES FOB SISE.
C- A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO..' foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel; Bush -534.'
.¦¦;¦¦ . ¦ . '; ¦ _C_DXOAX>. ' : ¦' ;¦; _f_C;;,.i
LADIES desiring safe, sure .' and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; ray. methods
are painless and reliable;. no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION- AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17. years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. ., DR. WHITE,'
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8. .;',.
LADIES— If you are in trouble, confide in me.
-Relief for Irregularities.. ¦'¦ Hetp'for th« un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
th^se : conditions. I'm the onlztraRADUATE
physician here who can <. say. this. Call t or
¦ write. : Confidential. Est. 14 : years. ; DR - R.-
- H. WESTON, office, 305 KEARNY ST. : -V.' .
MRS. DR. KOHL,. reliable specialist for all fe-
¦ male t-oubles ¦ and irregularities ; instant I re-
¦ '.'. lief guaranteed. 1008% ' Market ; St.. . opp.v 5th/
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist . for ¦ all female
complaints and ¦ irregnlniitles ; .. instant • relief
guaranteed; 80 years' * experience.. 944 Post st.
1 DR. «ld MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
,- original ; method of : treatment. - 1126 Market.,
i MOlfEY TO lOAS-ContoBed
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan _
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg; phone Main 3214.
DON'T borrow money on salary until yon see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelryat 2per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 8 Eddy st.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
Indoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
_ ' /KTTfsricAj* iMsvKVja^rra.
Mussard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable. '
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chlckering — Mahogany case, perfect order. '
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up: easy payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, lg O'Farrell st.
RARE violins for sal»; Francesco Ruirgeri.
Dominlcus Montafruana. Sebastian Klots.
Ceasar Gigll, HERMAN MULLER. violin
maker. 2 Latham place; S. F.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chaeed. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
PURCHASER for fine Chase piano :nearly new.
Apply between 10 and 12 a. m.. 1649 Howard.
ELEGANT $4C0 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st. -
$90 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap
HORNUNQ, 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
* *°'d: <135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-313 Post st.
NEW upright Pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. 8CHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Btelnwayup: Chickering baby Vrarnl:
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
FBYSICXAIfS AND SXJRGEONS. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and~resTdence~
1021H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th. partlcu-
. lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and ' rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73«4 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st;, now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leay an worth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by. Chinese herbs. .746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
, positively cured; n«w methods;! week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 2O4 Sutter.
PAP-BHAKQINQ, PAJirrrffP. ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 1067 McAllister St.; tel. Fell 2403.
gITKCgAST-"O ASEHCUH.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln st., room 49; tel. South 319.
: pate wts.
INVENTIONS patented, **¦ P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bMg.. 532 Market bt.
PB0P0SA_S.
UNrVERSITT of California. Berkeley— Notice
to , Contractors. Builders and Material Men:
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for. performing. the labor and fur-
nishlng the materials for an addition to the
. Harmon * gymnasium, on the grounds of the
University of California, at Berkeley. Cal..
- and said bids will be received at the. of flee
of the Regents, South Hall. Berkeley.. at or
before 12 o'clock noon of November 5. 1S04.
No bids will be considered unless accompa-
¦¦ nled by a certified check or bond of bidder la
favor of the Regents of the University of
• California, equal to. ten (10) per cent of his
.' bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted the bidder will duly
' - enter Into a proper contract and give bond
- faithfully to perform the duty and obligation*
¦' in accordance ¦ wtth said - bid . and with - th«
' plans and specifications which are hereby re-
. .quired: to be a part of such contract. Tha
. right to reject any or all bids Is hereby re-
, •erred. By order of - tha . Commute* oa
Grounds and Buildings of the Board of Re-
gents. V.H. HENDEKfiON,' Acting Secretary.'
r_ATS TO LET.
.' * ' * " * ' ~ " ~ ".* ¦ .' "'¦ ' 4tm - • - —*^^-.— . ¦-..— ¦ ¦ ¦ i .
V — HOTTSES aad fiats to let: an immense list:
¦ • service aJocolutely free; tak* advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
' . trouble. Cortes Furtiiture Co., 245-69 Geary
, " -si., on Use square.
" CiiKAP rcr.t — Great bargain: new 5-room flat
• • .fcr rent. $2-"i per month ; sun all day : new
. furciKliinrs tor ss-le. I*urchaser has 'ad van -
„" ta«;e of $1M> paid 5>r present tenant. Apply
• - Sterling Furniture Co.. 1OS» Market st.
. IfYDE. 2646— Modem fiat. 6 rooms aad bath,
pa* and electricity; marine view; rent $26.
$21 SO— NEW P»rk flat, 6 eur.nj' wnw, on
_ War, lln*. 223 Parnassus av*.. r.e.ir Star.yan.
¦ £L"N"NT fiat. 4 rooms and bath* uo children.
• . C3 Dehon. bet. ICth .and 17th. r.ear Panchez.
fn2ro— ELEGANT. runnV. re— ft-roorn fl«t. t
*• Llocl: north of Market! 1C5 Noe »t.. nr. 13th.
TIARGEST liet r>f hou?«* ar! fiats to let. Call
• on" LYON & HOA.Q. 11C Montgomery !»t.
¦ 7-KOOiI mc<ierR f.at: cost |2(«"» to furnish;
f ' rent J50: derlrable ior*IIty; will s*ll for $1000
' If sold fc> Nov. 3. J. W. JACQUITH. 1312
" Market «., rooms 415-<10; Tel. Folsom 346S.
• $b(K) — A BUNNY wr'.l- famished corner flat:
"•• •» rooms; cost *7M>; ¦ rent $15; good Income
."' «i>cve rent. €2* Taylor «t.. corner Sutter;
'" Call 2 to 5 p. m.
.". MODERN, sunny, upper flat 7 largo rooms,
•carpets* and hangings nem- 11 weeks ago; a
• eacrifice. Call 917 Jones, near Bush, 9 to 4.
' .A. — IRJ5 bargain — A gorgeously furnished fiat;
. owner ' going abroad at once. 432 Eddy st.
.. . Phone East 10S5. -5"": * ' . ;>
6-ROOM -sunny flat: tastily furnished: rent
reasonable. 2S4S Broderlck. near Union.
•'FOUR-ROOM fiat; $75. 217 Tehama st.
MIDDLE flat, 6 rooms ar.d bath: furniture
and carpets nearly new. C30 Polk, afternoons.
" ELLIS. 927 — BsrgaJn; 6-room flat. fumlsheJ
-. comrlete; $1^5 if bold at once.
n_ tb to _— t — ?tj— jns__*p.
. -Fl_iT — Three rooms; bath; piano; complete for
housekeeping: no children: $25. 332 Hayes.
. rtr__rxTTj__ wajtted.
ABE LEVY.
Faleereora, 1I3S Market Et. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
•¦ • nliure. etc.. until you. pet his estimate.
WILL ray 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or wit! well on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc. 163t> Market: phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on. Alfred Woilpert. 773 Mission St., be-
• tore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
' COOK and second giri, same house $30-$2S
Cook, country hotel $40
'" Cook, no wash. Mill Valley $30
Housework, no wash. Ross Valley %3O
- -Waitress for students. Palo Alto $25
Houseglr!, 2 family. San Mateo S25
Second flrl. Ross Valley $25
Cook en a ranch $30
'teaamress for orpharAge $2i)
Chambermaid for orphaxage $20
¦ Waitress.' email restaurant $30
Nurse a-nd assist housework , $20
. Nurse.. 2 children '. $25
28 girls for general housework in the city,
also for Oakland and Alanjeda and country
farms $20. $25. $.;o
2 men aad wives $50
Apply to J. F. CROSETT — CO.. 334 Sutter.
•AT Cal. Ercp- Agency. 14 Third St., tel. Bush
405 — Middle-aged woman, housework. $20;
"• FOCUS wexsan. housework, nice fanily, $25.
. A — W ANTED — Girls to learn hairdreafing,
rnar.icurinr. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 wetk*: tuition $5 to those entering now ;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
" .«-uarante*d a.t S1O i»er week up; leading
school In'Wert. 233 Geary st., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
• fall, season; both *ea«ons taught from «tart
. to ftr.ish in cne ir.onta for $5; ixwiUoas as
tri_niej_ 6ale?ladiei«, makers, cuarantefd at
•yiO per week up: 7 positions tn he filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 StocJcton ?t.. • r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches hainlressing,
inanlcurir^. electric massage, etc; six hours'
practice a day: guarantee positions: only
recctr.ised college of Its kind on coa»t: day
and evening c!»*sps: all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
NEAT, refined middle-aped Protestant woman.
"general housework, cooking. In family cf 2
adult*.'- 1 child: wages $.10; call afternoons.
!<!» Howard st. "r.^i'CK ¦ ?'->;.
WANTED — 2 \est operators that can back
"vpsts: steady po'it-i^ns; power machine*.
• Apply 6. N. WOOD CO.. 49 Geary a.
AT Greenbaum. Weil _ Michel's factory". 531
¦ Mission «... experienced finisher to sew but-
ton* on shirts.
WANTED — A rood Swedlfh or German cock;
wages $20. C01 £temer St.; call forenoon:
'¦ariare.
MIDDLE-AGED lady as housekeeper: family of
two. Audrese box •J15»9, Call branch. _IuO
Kiilmore st.
"GIRL for housework. SI Cumberland st.. bet.
"19th ar.d 20th and Guerrero and Dolores.
WANTED— Every girl in town to give CHIC-
LETS to her little brother.
A CULTURED woman for hitch-class position:
training givtn. Box .'fl»00.' Call.
tXPERIENCED saleswoman: state salary and
experi«nce. Box 4031. Call.
GIRL wanted; app3y after 6:30 a. m. US
F-.rst st.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and jumpers; steady work
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. S214 Fremont st.
. Aj?ply to Mr. Devi*.
LADIES, we will teach barber trade free to 6
more. ladies and pay them $10 each for first 8
weeks; call or write. JNO. A. VIOLER'S
Barber Cc'lege (correct number), 644 Clay st.
WANTED — Ladies to learn barber trade; only
> weeks required: hairdressing and manicur-
ing taught in four weeks. MOLER BAR-
BER COLLEGE. €49 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Lafiies to do piece work -at home;
steady employment: good pay; experience un-
. -necessary. Call Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927
¦ Market st.. .room 4C1.
T5VO good, experienced solicitors, city or cocn-
t-ry: new goods: very liberal terms. Apply
room 721 Starr King blflg.; 121 Geary st.
PARTNER with r-aplt*4: dmiimaking and
hairfireadns; business. Box ,3792. Call office.
HELP WAgTED— MAM.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
S06 Market st., room 325, fifth floor.
: m OflHe hours, 9 ». m. to 5 p. m.
. Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
• Stenegraptoer $15 week
Manager department «t.ore $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk ....• $12 week
Checker $15 week
Timekeepers „ $15 we ek
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Ccllector $15 week
'Floor mtnairor $jg week
2 thippin? clerk* _ $15 week
General offlc-** work ". ... $15 week
Hank cier"k, ' bot.d required $25 week
Vcun«r men. Itzrn dentistry $10 week
*— U Market «t-. rocm 225, fifth floor.
AT "ilORD _ EMITH-s"
•^.ntr^toon*' Agents. 95 Third «t.
Carprrten, ntirtn. $3 50. steady work, house
>Y<i*lng rakn to care for few horses and do
chcres. iltv. $20 an<! found
root. *35 arid found, hotel, near city.
" - 6HORE.
_TR_ E FARE.
Six wwlcr' work. .•'.",
TVV-O scllcitors f^rTiiy tradeTneat young man
• <iairy pr^luce etore. $C3: mill yardman
and *i*p!ng cle rlc . tM an ;, tZ^^ln
STV 1 -? 1^ r V li r d: - rh °PP*". «talS
co.. U *O day; jack screwer. $*r, and board-
oil min to care for place; milker «nd wife
-.y.= _grg_ali£Ss5
WANTED — Man to make~h!m,«lf~ useful
arourd; »*ort dtstanee. in countrj-; $10 month
and found. Apply 212 Eddy tt., downstairs.
WANTED— Experienced wrappers! Apply 6o-
, perintend«mfi' office, PRAGEItP DEPART.
MENT STORE. Market and Jon** su.
PA NTH prewer. ROYAL PANTS CO __
Kearny st. '
BOT about 1« year*, for office work; apply fc*t-
3 and 5 p. a. Merchants'. Exp. Co... 15 gp«« r .
GOOD tailor, wanted en coats. Room 1, 27l<
Fourth *t.
! misce__lI»_ott_— fob saijb— «£5^
KLEGANT^ diamond ring, $50: terms $5 per
rconth. P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 31O.Third:tel.Maln 4U.
DttSKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st.; tel. South Sll.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand.' THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
MISCEX-AOTqTTS WAHT8.
XaTaa. — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothlng.Tel Davis 825. 650 Sacramento »t.
AAAA— BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladies .
men's clothes. 022 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., room 403, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 »th St.; tel. Jesste 3016.
Levy & Ridler. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN~ COMPANY^ (Inc.)^
" ..ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
.INTEREST Sft'AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
I... PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased. .
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.....
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
'.;**" Quick settlements; uo disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, - second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
••*¦ etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
. terests In property purchased. . . -
Courteous treatment. . Strictly confidential.
SjjHgtaaM&rVYV'hen You Need Money, ¦ -
See HERMAN MURPHY. ~
WILL LOAN
. A reasonable amount on '
1st, 2d or 3d ,
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low ' rate of . Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. ;
Box 490. Call office. ¦ ,: .
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without : secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
E any cne; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
¦ removal: no publicity; also ¦ on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages cr on any security; any
amount. O." W. . BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable - private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond?. Jewelry,- at 2
;•'; per ¦ cent • interest Baldwin * Jewelry * Store,
006 Market; tel. Mai.i 1044. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, * retail mer-
chants, teamsters. '. boarding-houses. . without
. security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg. c
ON salaries; Insurance policies, chattel ; rnart-
gages, > diamonds. - valuables. . etc. - UNITED
¦": LOAN v AND ! TRUST CO.. . 21 ; Stockton ¦ st.,
¦:' near .Market.' • . . ¦ :. ' -
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.,
; : loans money on diamonds, valuables, ' etc., - at
. 2 per ctnt per month. .
Leans on furniture,* pianos' and other securities,
: $2* up. without 'removal: -The North Ameri-
: can - Realty and Bond Co., 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 807 Market st.
• : LOANS FROM i $1 ; TO $10,000. ,
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
:• security; " diamonds or '. chattels: no : fee;.. no
' com.: cut rate. Cal Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent'on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: -no publicity; $25 up; quick,'
. quiet.' confidential. 26 Montgomery st., rm. 21.
TO salaried | people without security;, on furni-
" :ture, {Indorsed ; notes; and other /security. S.
" F. Discount 'Agency, , 14S " Phelan . bid*.
MONEY to loans at low Interest; ; gold, silver,
V diamonds, pearls'- and precious stones bought
at W.- J. HESTHAL'8,-10 Sixth »t. ;
! MEDICAL — Continued.^^^^
vTiLP^lFi^emaie^piris; best regulating pills
I sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
1 lnce and tablets; Price $5. By express only
en receipt of rrice. OSGOOD BROTHERS.
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. __________________
Dr7~S GOODWIN, well known specialist on
di«eaFes of women, ha* returned after 4
months' sojourn In Europe, during which
time she visited a few of the leading sani-
tariums and maternity hospitals, and Is now
located at 412 Taylgr st., near Geary.
j DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All "who are sick or
! in trouble consult this specialist on female
! - complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
• nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
' advice free. Office; 1018 Market st.
U.KDIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed: no drugs, no operations
LADIES— Kumround; safe. sure, never falls;
$2. «?leaaon-KuRSles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
I DR. ROSEN, residence 2095 Folsom St.. corner
j 2Hth: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
MATTEESSES^ AgP^PIHOWS. _
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldfehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
MI__I2T_RT. V
ALL one-piece frames. 1 Be; two-piece frames.
25c; sik velvet.' 60c. yard; long nap plush. $1
- yard; silk and chenili braid, 15c yard; mohair
telt. $1 yard ; French - felt, «0c yard: every-
thing at cut prices, j Fleur de LIs Millinery,
5S4 McAllister St.. near Franklin.
Mraxs awb ; Minna-a.
I MAKE 'a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. • P.- RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
UXSCX-ZtAKEOUS-— PO3 SALE. __'
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps.
• pulleys, .' shafting, .etc., .etc f ,< bought, sold,
rented and* exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 BeaJe st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-.
TOSH & WOLPM AN, 105- ID" Fremont st.
I DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? '
Repair it with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
needs'no painting or coating: good over old
• Iron, tin or shingles;' best for new roofs.
I ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market Bt.
1 FOR *ale— New. and 'second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; w« rent' tables
with privilege- of buying: modern bar- fix-
tures: cheap prices. "- BRUNSW1CK-BALKE-
COLLENDER," B53 Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamo'" '«,* Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small ••»»•-.-. My pay-
ments; goods delivered on first" payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.,- 21 Stocktonst. : ;
A— BUYS, sells or rents; gear 'machinery, en-
gines, hollers, i water pipe, shafting. : pulleys,
etc' WHITELAW.25.{-235 Hpear st.
A^THE (P.. J/- Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY. CO.. 25 Stockton st. - *•.-:..-'-
A SNAP — ie-ft cabin launch;- most seaworthy
.on bay: must sell; cheap. C. BACK, , 1503
Dolores at, •."...- - '. -¦ .• " ¦ ' • .-
Rp;PUTABLE place to-rent gents', full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince . Albert suits. J. COOPER,
; 21 Stockton st,- (formerly at Palace Hotel). ¦_
TRY our. men's, shoes at" $1 and $1 50 pair;
* foot-form ' shoes at $2 50; ¦ we pay ¦ express
.: charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog fry?.
DIAMONDS' 1 and Jewelry on' small weekly or
monthly. payments. iDEREMER'S. 137- Mont-
gomery st.. ¦ room '• 12. upstairs.: ; ' ¦*
ELEGANT -bookcase ; ; - sacrifice, i 235' Barlett
". .• street/ , - .¦:•'.-."¦."¦.¦.", . ;'' v ". ' : .' "
DOMESTIC sewing" machine: 7 drawers; '; oak;
- almost'new; cheap. ¦ lf»15 Mission." near 15th.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
.lowest prices.* Price Pump Co., 623 Market st.
Wallpaper. 3^c; paint.' $1 gal.; painting," whlt-
enlng. Merlgan,1302 : WebsterUel.SUIner 3671.
S A FES " and ' cash ; . registers, " new .* and " second-
hand.' I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market ; st. "" . V
BARGAINS i in ; 2d-hand ¦ cash ¦ registers,'. Includ-
' : Ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms.-" 14 Turk st.
2D-HANDvbldg.~ material :¦ lumber., door,. sash.
, . plumb.': material.' The . Dolan ¦ Co., l€07 , Mrkt.
FULL line of ..drummers' J samples In "grips and
¦;¦„ trunks ; \ for " sale "; cheap at . 25 i Stockton f st. ;¦.
AN sealskin ¦• for '¦' sale " for - $75J J- SE-
CURITY | LOAN* A TRUST CO., 21 Stockton:
_H~a» WAITTED— _TA_I^-^oatlyftd._
MURRAY * READY. 634-630 day st.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We si>»ak the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
I'aii«h langau: <«¦-.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
(H',000 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
BUTCHERS.
Block butcher, packing-house, $2 50 day.
Iiutfh*r and run shop, references, country.
2 sherp slaughter butchers, $60.
Blacksmith, general work, country, fare 20c.
t.2 50 day.
Blacksmith, mine, $G0 and found.
10 carpenters, city and country. *3 to $4 day.
P—ANING MILL.
3 bench bands, placing mill, country.
Machine and sticker hand, country. $3 00 day.
3 hardwood finisher*, youth, S3 75 day.
Paperhcrger. city job, $3 day.
ML' Kit AY _ READY, 6.J4-C36 Clay st.
PLOW TEAMSTERS.
25 plow teamsters, winter's job. $30 to $.15 fd.
2-1 lann hands. «-¦: to $35 und fd.: G milker*.
15 cbor^ir.en and choreboyn, ranches, private.
W OODCHOPPERS.
25 men to chep wood, good prices.
Working foreman, ranch, south $35 to $40 fd.
Blacksmith, mine company. $80 and found. .
4 cabin* t-makers, piecework; 3 tinners, city.
3 ironino!d»rs, $3 50 day; 2 broom-makers.
6 stablemen, city and country. $33 and fd.
to $70.
3 handy men on ranch. $30 and fd.
10 errand boys and boys fcr factories, $4 to
(C week.
1 COOKS. WAITERS.
I Cook., pmall hctel. near city, $35 and fd. ;
cook.
, Hotel, Alamcda County, $40 aad fd.; cook
for mine.
12 men. $40 and fd.; 6 other cooks; 5 waiters.
Kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc.
Married farmer, Napa County, $30 found.
3 men and wives; other jobs.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COAL MINERS.
6TATE— WASHINGTON— STATE.
J FARE REFUNDED. FARE REFUNDED.
1 10 coal miners, good mine: free from nas;
no powds r used; accommodations flrst-clats;
guarantee you $3 to $3 75 day.
ASK ABOUT IT.
MURRAY & READY. 634-O6 Clay st.
SPECIALS
6 teamsters for blK ranch, north. $40 found.
Wax thread machine operators, $2 day.
Second cook, city hotel. *45 found.
HardwooU carpenter, south. $3 73 day.
Cook, corntry hotel, fare 15c, $45 found.
Walter and porter, country hotel, Monterey
County. $."» and found.
Stableman, city, $C0; pantryman, mine.
BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, ranch, good
wases.
CARPENTER— SPECIAL.
Carpenter for institution near city, steady
job year around, $45 and board. . lodging
and washing.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st-
EXPERIENCED tallyman and lumber piler,
city; hostler, city. $60; ycung man for wine
cellar, city. $40 month.
CARPENTERS.
3 carpenters near city. $3 50 day.
GOLD AND SILVER— GOLD AND SILVER
6 hand miners, good mine. $82 50.
5 miners, gold quartz, Nevada. $90.
Conc«uitrator mau for gold mine, $75.
SPECIAL
NEW WORK.
15 teamsters fcr new work In center of min-
ing district.. $00; fare $1 90: ship to-night.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
XL S.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA STATE OF NEVADA
$1 00 FEE SHIP TO-DAY $1 00 FEE
20 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses, ?75.
20 laborers no experience needed. $75.
MURRAY & READY, C34-630 Clay St.
WANTED— First-class clothing salesman fcr
an out cf town store. Address box 40GO,
Call office.
FIRST-CLAFS feecitr fcr platen and cylinder
press.?. EDWARD KNOWLES COMPANY
(Inc.), 24 rVcond st.
TWO or thre* men to ctnraM from our
wapon*: steady work and good pay. C. F.
ADAMS CO., 31R Mason Ft.
WANTED — Schoolboy to carry mornlnir paper
' north Market ft., east Powell; no Sunday
work. Apply 13J3 Mission st.
BOY from 1T> to IS to ron errands and help In
bakery; oliance to learn Trade: hours, 8 to 6.
1^63 Geary «t.
WOOD working machine hand for Pine furni-
ture factory. 2147 Folsom St.-
WANTED — A man or bey to drive wagon and
cut meat. *4."5 McAllister *t.
VTAXTED — A man with a parched throat.
CHICLETS will 4<. him good. ,
A TAILOR wanted on custom coats; steady
work; Rood pay. 533 Natoma st.
2 GOOD solicitor* fcr road; expenses advanced;
call to-<"_y. 10 to 12 a. m. 819 Market, r. 53.
FOR oale at a sacrifice. 4-chalr 10c barber
shop: good location. 527 Sacramento st.
MEN— The original JNO. A. MOLER has
opened one of hi« famous barber colleges at
044 Clay »t. ; trade taught tn 8 weeks; tuition
earned wfcl'e learning; constant practice; ex-
pert Instructions: positions guaranteed. Call
cr write (correct number) 644 Clay st.
MTN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: only Institution teaching the ton-
forial art. Call or Trrite for free catalogue.
Special offer. Moler Barber College, 649
Sacramento st. '"•::- -.:- •• ..".
2 LIVE men who can furnish bond, horse and
waron; good opening for the right parties;
good money. Call at 510 Thirteenth et..
Oakland, between 9 and 12 a. m. t
WANTED — A reliable captain for a lumber
schooner; steady position: good pay: must
invest $100(1 to $20CA Apply 632 Market at..
room 23. .
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply fcr free cata-
logue giving particulars.- Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1O'»*. Market it.
LEARN barber trade at Hatght's; he teaches
you free in shops: only practical method;
wages while learning; don't mix us with fake
barber colleges-. 647 Commercial - eU
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 2W> rooms; 25c to tOc per night.
WANTED — Position •* porter or janitor, or
will do hous?-clean!ns; handy 'with tools;
experienced. Box 40M. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Jobhins; plumber and roof re-
pairer; state wagea and where iaat em-
plcyed. Box 3981, Call office.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at. 20c per
night; clothe closets, hair mattress; electric
light in every room, etil Howard et.'
S. F. Barber College, 741*Howard St., wants all
young men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of St. Louie; red. rates.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to CUc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and "d site..
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
TRY our men's *hoes, unlcn made; $1 and $1 30
pair: foot-form shoes. $2 51); we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
ONE first-class cake baker. Address I. S.
MULFORD. Eureka, Cal.
CARPENTERS, boatbuilders. helpers, laboring
men. 18th and Illinois sts.. Potrero.
2 BOYS about 20 years of age; special work.
607 Market St.
BARBER shop fcr sale. 1834 Market st.; at a
sacrifice: must be sold.
BARBER shop for sale on Market st; good
shop. Apply Call office.
FOli SALE — Well located barber chop; good
transient trade. Box 4661. Call office.
MALE pantsmaker for country. Apply , to
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 gutter Et.
ERRAND boy wanted at 259 Stevenson st., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
TWO young men. learn th* barber trade In
Bhop ttt*. 751 Mission st. .
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 323 Bush
st.. third floor, room 4. ¦ • , •.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st,
MEN to learn ' the detective ' profession. 997
Market st.. room 104.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr all parts of
.the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart xt. .
MEN wanted at 137 3d *t. where shoes are re-
paired by machlrery; sowed soles 10 min., 75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT.617 Jackson St.; ,
LABOR debts collected: suits, "attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy., r.415.
PENSION atty.. E.A.BuIlls. r. 40. Phelan bldg."
Past Com. Geo. H.- Thomas' Poet,- G. A." R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar.
ket— 700 rooms; 85c . night; • reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from f erry.'w
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
- price. 663 Mission . «C. . bet." 1st rand 2d ats.
PEBSOWAIS.
REXRADIO'3 BULLETET.
••REXRADIO'S"' free "public" healtn»s of
sick "to-day" (and " dally). 2 and S p. nau
RADIUM HALL. 7S3*i jiarket and \ l"ourtli
(corner Market and Fourth). '
"BEXRADIO" uses neither medicine aor
medical Instruments, h»als aolely by "ha-
manlzed radium.".
"OSSIFIED" lady (Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bart-
• iett), years "bedridden." _e!pleu. Joint*
Immovably crown together (lniiammatory
rheurratlsrn). after (one) treatment "frrely"
moved each looaened Joint and »tiU does.
Vlislt her. - " .
"TYPHOID FEVER"— Mr. Knott. 112 Fell,
was In height of raginr fever heat, gallop-
ing pulse, vomiting "blood"; 2 treatment*
"broke" the fever, opening pores and casting
out the virus by profuse sweat. Next day.
though weak, attended to business; few
days later went to mountains prospecting.
He gave Rexradlo large block of stock ta
rich mine, which he declined, feeling amply
repaid in saving a human life. Mr K.
says: "Tell the world I am ready to swear
Rexradlo*s marvelous power saved my life."
"KEXRADIO" Is now treating the well known
"Judge " for fever, with prompt, marked
success.
"BLINDNESS" feared: "My sight almost
gene, couldn't recognize face* at 2 feet or-
read 'large' pnat; 2 treatments aad 1 knew
faces at 50 teet and easily read 'small*
print."
"REXRADIO" in a few days cured my larg*
*'cancer"; no trace left.
"REXRADIO" instantly made m« breath*
freely through my long-closed nostrils' i'ca-
Urrh). - _'
"REXRADIO'S" 2 treatments, removed larg*
black and blus "contusion" (from burglar's
blow). '
"REXRADIO," in my house, mad* 2 "deaf .
mutes" hear and "speak" what I and others
spoke.
"REXRADIO" Instantly mad* another "deaf'
mute" hear and speak la presence of Mr.
Butler of S. F. Chronicle.
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment made my 15
years' "totally dear* «ar hear whisper at
70 feet. ' '
"REXRADIO" (says city M. D.) "wonder-
fully helped cases. Incurable by medicine. In
my offices."
"REXRADIO" (says second M. D.) "mad*
*deaf mute' hear and speak In my offices."
"REXRADIO" (a third leasing M. D. testifies
In writing) "in my presence made a totally
deaT ear. tn 3 seconds, hear distant *whis-
pered' words." " .
"LEAPINOr— Rntradlo testantly helped my
"paralyzed" leg and I walked, ran, "leap-
ed/^
•REXRADIO" Instantly made my • *anchy-
losed" knee Joint move freely. (Many more)..
"REXRADIO" made . my 17 years "totally
deaf" ear hear '*whlsper" at 73 feet.
"REXRADIO" promptly removed my (Inherit-
ed-) "gastritis"; I saw him do many won-.
ders. *
DEAF MUTE (one of many) — "Last week
after (only) 3 seconds' treatment. Rexradl <>
caused a (born) 'deaf mute' to hear 15 sen-
tences, 63 words (spoken and "whispered" ),
which patient Instantly 'spoke* tntelllglbly-
Each of *us* then spoke to patient with
same wonderful results. Get our address**
at office. Signed. Mr. and Mrs. de Sales.
R. Kennedy, J. Potter. K. Hall. J. Me-
Isaac, etc" • '
PHYSICIAN" 8 advice to Radtum Hall audi-
ence: "If Incurable by medicine, try Rex-
radto." — .
DUMB— Rexradlo made "totally dumb" man
Instantly speak well. Many witnesses.
"REXRADIO'S" two treatments fully cured
my "pneumonia" like magic
PARALYSIS — "His one treatment made me
use my disabled arm, leg, naturally: I ran.
jumped." -.
"FITS" troubled me many yean; Rexradio
mastered them weeks ago: only on* sine*.
"THUNDER" — Our ears "totally dear* even
to thunder. 10 and 33 years. Rexradlo "pub-
licly." in 3 seconds, made hear "whisper" at
30 feet: witnesses Included two, doctors.
••REXRADIO" Instantly enabled M_T_0l_<
alyxed." nearly powerless hand to lift 3O lbs.
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA" made me nearly
helpless. Last week, after (1) treatment I
stood, walked "unaided." raised foot to chair;
ta5osstbl«! before. -
"REXRADIO"' quickly cured my Urge "ul-
cer" and instantly my "total deafnesa."
"WOUND" — "I cut a large gaping wound In
my flesh to the bon«. Treated at night by
Rexradlo: in morning" it waa firmly grown
together, so I could do waahlng. etc
"REXRADIO'S" 1 treatment entirely cured my
chlM'^i "Infantile paralysis."
•¦REXRADIO'S" one treatment stopped "shak-
inr" of my chronic '*palsy."
"NOTE THIS" — Names and testimonials of alt
"above" patients shown at offices.
"REXRADIO'S" free PUBLIC HEALINO TO-
D \ Y 2 and 8 p. m. Come and see. Judge for
"yourself." RADIUM HALL> cor. Market
and 4th ("S3^ Market and 1 Fourth st.).
LADIES— If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
ting*, bagglr.ess of eyes or any blemish of
the face, Mme. Gillingham Invite* you to
call and investigate her wonderful and im-
proved method, known to po other in this
city: demonstrator can be seen daily. 1*3
Stockton st.:" write for booklet.
A LADY from one side of whose fac* I hava
harmlessly removed -wrinkles can be seen at
Union Drug Cc. Stockton and O'Farrell sta.
"Hints on Health and Beauty" fre«; cost*
' nothing to call or write. M. ELLA, HAR-
RIS. Pharmacist. 128 Peary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. ln»
proves Its growth.»tops UlUng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness,
cleanses scalp: at druggists'. hairdressers" : ao-
cept no substltute.Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Pol*.
DR ROWEL-'S Fire of Life, a sure cure fir
rheumatism paralysis, neuralgia, pneamoa a.
sore throat.' etc. Sold by al) druggists fir
over 20 yars; price 50c. Manufactured *o!elv
by ROWELL * BROWN. 40 Turk st.. S. F.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer In
carpet twlr.e In hank or chain, at lowe*e
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
RUGS m»ds from old carpets; Ingrain. bru»-
sels, tapestry and mc^ustte: chenille curtain*
woven Into new rug*. Fluff Rug Factory.
M2 Market St.. Oakland: take .West Sth car.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLE3 LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market at.
TOU can buy $75 worth of furnltu»» for $7 5 I >
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell
FANCY and silk dresses, carefully ws#hfti.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY. »M*h.
1S&9. 2122 Flllmore St.: pho»« Geary 203%
A. C. B-— Everybody chews CHICLETS, why
not you? '___ __.*!_ Z
Expert furniture repalring.pollshlnat; upholst»r-
tngTcarp.Uyjr. Toweys. 370 Fell. Ph&nePar*l42*.
H- ANDERSON. 2t> O'Farrell St.— Theatrical
masquerade and carnival costumer.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A L*avenworta St.. be-
• tween Geary and O'Farrell.' TeL East CT7.
SUITS to order on installments of Jl per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suiu to order. »xtra pants or fancy
vests, for $1* 73. Fred Wagaer. S5O Marktt.^
EASY installments for Men and Youths. -Suit*
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
SI a week: suits to order «15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. . GARIN. ; 13S Montgomery st
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1044 Mkt., under SI Nlchola*.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needl*. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Geary.r.39.
LADIES and gentlemen. yo?i win find best hair
tonic In the world at 1510 Sutter *t. r
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: drewi pant» »2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. cor.Bush and.Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlgj;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color;$l at all druggists*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Tl» Weekly CalL
"8 m»«* Inwnriiw. for malllnr *I r*r rtnr
TYPEWBTTEES A2TC> SXTPP—IXS.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
hlzher and . lower prices; rentats <2 *A The
Typewriter Exchange. S38 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold. rentM. repaired.
I Webster Typewriting Inapec Co.. AGA Market.
'w^^ y?*^^^ i-
A - WAY • to health; mothers' and daughters*
home treatment; booklet free; writ* for tu
VI AVI CO.. Van Ness. Pnon« East 232. '
Continued on Pa_c Fourteen.
cakes iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii liiiiiiii uant ads— free
•eeeeeceeeaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeieeeeeeeee^
| : W^ Wli? I The Old New England Customs ITD 1T1T •'
1 ri\|VI-V : : : Revived in California : : : 5_?^_____! il
• ' ' .^_^_ ¦ ' * ¦ ' ¦ -...— ' ; | ¦ assp
¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ t * f gfc
• Our^ Want, Ad Patrons May This Week Enjoy a Boston Sunday Breakfast, Free. $
•J |^MTOaBgB|Mi5S^WgB|ft*^^^^ Bring your Want Ads to our office and secure |g
8: \!-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^i & full size package of this immensely popular new \%
|t 5^^"^ '"^^^^^^^pl food preparation. It is the only Boston Browa jo
• BSfi^^^^^^%^ rea<^ F^ our * n existence, a pure food, and, like "The ? %
8* fl^'^^bf^^^^^^^^^ Call/' is wanted at every breakfast table. . It requires j|
V> f^k^^^^^^^/7/y^^^0^^^m ] 'm no an^ n 2 or kneading, merely the use of a little ?§
ei water simply mixed with a spoon, thus eliminating ?§
c! IMftll^^^ e usua l annoyance and trouble of preparation. |S
§? c; Pancakes and muffins may be almost instantly made. \%
\ »|m^v DIRECTIONS FOR USING ALLEN'S BOSTON : |
%t ml^W^ • C ~^^^^^^^fM BR.OWN BREAD FLOUR. !§
|S» iKIly TT«_ »__ I BOSTON BEOWJT BKEAD. - BEEAKPAST MUrPINS. J©
O? |_|.#^ O W% /^W-^M-ff#'^ Two cups Alleys B. B. B. Flour. % Two cups Allen's B.B. B. Flour. 2 ta- ,O
• * I HD^i^ & tM-^MM-^i cup New Orleans molasses andli; blespoonfuls sugar; 1% cups sour milk #O
©* : BS-fAmW J *«* Ji^_.^_~F-N W?if^M^^?W% tW& cups of cold water;- mix thoroughly. Put and 1 egg. Beat all together and bake , Q
»* ' &i£S\MV \vVV > thls quantity into two 1-lb baking pow- in gem pans twenty minutes, . #o
Si 1 aHAM MV- ' — ) I S J-^^^''^ / %ffi} k Wk der cans: have cans well greased and rill CHILDREN'S FT7DDI2TQ. tA
«' 1 EOTJvViW WvA ' ¦ — •^-^^^ZZZ- ///y/* : <WF^ about half full; put on covers; set up- T nto 2 cups of B. B. B. Flour stir one » _,
tL\ t S_HV\11 \W S \ -"^^^^^^ //$r$f.h 2_ right In steamer or kettle of boiling cup raisins. \i cup suet. 1 teaspoon- *X
X. ! &^&Kw ; v 1 <r^^^^^ fwwAWA water and boil 2 hours. Do aoflet wa- f u j O f cinnamon, 1 teaspoonful cloves; ?*¦
©* i S^AiVX »4 "¦>< f \ \ 'jZ^tys /'/''t&'X f^ ter sret iato the cans. To slice smoothly a( j(j 1 eg& ij cup x ew Orleans molasses tg
©? i 8^^R> W^^fv ) )^^?'^ / ( '//''ty dlp nlfe in cold water - and 1 CU P »weet milk. Steam 2 hours. .>•
I 5 : fell iW V^Mjj|_^%i^^d h J^H)4^\ T/l^ iffl- Scald 2 Se7?alTf^a^u r . Pour 1 1
S: Hilw r^/^Sfi £B ?n " oderatf oven about 30 min - ?"o^z\n\£T^v u^ h %^^ ?©
O» '"fiVvNt iW\C : ~i5^^3? ' *^S^ prunes into 2 cups Allen's B. B. B. Flour *O
©^ i P*B\\Xut' wv ' ~^^^^ 1^C' 's^S&S?' // '§!Hi* QBIDDIiB CAKES. and add *j cup N«*w Orleans molasses, '^
G* n— -*~" '-• '¦'- -^^V/''^-^^// / Wm One cup Allen's B. B. B. Flour, 1 egg, 1 cup sweet milk, 1 egg, 1 teaspoonful Tq
*£? KS\HjJv w\ \ K~ H /f^! Vl^^^-4 yy /%%?*'' *50i I 1 -* cup.s sour milk. Beat well together cloves and Vi a nutmeg grated. Steam jj
«? aW«V!& \V\\V fl 1 nU'Rtffi^'^W'MC'WM and bake on hot griddle. If the batter two hours. Serve with cream sauce. ft
S* _>^\*S'AV' fam^y \&**^^'1^^ffi < f/ WM seems too thick add a spoonful of water Figs, dates or raisins may be substi- Jg
§j hv§^ N TRADC ALLEN'S BOSTON BROWN BREAD FLOUR :|
®i Sliw^^^* t^ ALLEN'S B. B. B. FLOUR CO., Inc. *O
O* PACIFIC COAST FACTORY, SAN JOSE, CAL. \ •«
t 1 Any one bringing a Small Ad to our office j|
Ii 1^^^^^^ Thursday, Friday or Saturday :|
• J t • • ¦ • ¦¦:•¦¦¦¦•¦ ¦¦.-- ____ Will receive, Free, a full size package of this famous Flour. !g
|! ASK YOUR GROCER. FOR. IT -. —^ — = t|
If GALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS. ||
f! OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY ||It was announced that Meade'a
creditors appreciate the unfortunate
predicament, into which he has been
thrown by a combination of circum
stances and are ready' to 'offer him
every encouragement in his effort to
extricate himself. In fact, it Is be
lieved that his financial embarrass
ment is only temporary and that he
wlll.be able to proceed with the man
agement of the resort. He is secre
tary of the Risdon Iron Works and
succeeded to the ownership o« the
Byron Springs property after his
father-in-law . had failed
A bad summer season folio-wing
closely on heavy expenses Incurred tn
improving Byron Hot Springs prompt
ed L. R. Meade. the proprietor of that
well known resort, to call a meeting
or his creditors yesterday. The pur
pose was to place before them the
financial condition of the resort and
advise with them as to the best means
of straightening out the troubles of
the owner. A report that Meade had
failed was denied by him last night,
when he stated that the value of the
hotel and other assessable property
at Byron owned by him far exceeds
his liabilities..
3IEADE CALLS 3IEETIXG,
OP LOCAL CREDITORS
ST. JOHNS, Newfoundland, Nov. J.
— To-day.'s election returns confirm
the success of the Government. Pre
mier Bond now has eishteen seats
and the opposition five. In thirteen
districts the count has not yet been
received.
Government Snccess at Polls.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2.— The strike at the
Renton coal mines, owned by the Se
attle Electric Company, has been set
tled. The miners voted to resuma
work under the old conditions. Th«
strike was commenced last June.
About 125 men are Involved.
Coal Miners Lose Their Strike.
REDDING. Nov. 2. — While digging
around an old unoccupied cabin in tho
Lower Springs district yesterday two
miners found beneath the floor of the
cabin documents bearing the date
1853. It had always been supposed
that all the records of the alcalde of
Shasta had been destroyed by fire. The*
cabin in which they were found was
used as the first courthouse in this
county.
Miners Find Old Court Records.
Supreme Court Grants a New Trial.
NAPA.Nov. 2. — word was received
here to-day of the decision of .the
Supreme Court in the case of Stephen
H. Risdon vs. Enoch Yates, appealed
from the Superior Court of Napa
County. Judge S. K. Dougherty had
granted the plaintiff $767 damages for
an assault made on him by Yates. This
Judgment has been reversed by the
Supreme Court and the cause re
manded. ¦-., :
Manuel K. and Anita D. Valdes (both sin
gle) and tbe Oakland Paving Company (cor
poration) to Mary N\ Rayon (widow). lot on
SW corner of Elm (or Twenty- fourth) and
Waverly streets. S 109:6 by W 100, lots 10
and- 11, block 2257. map subdivision of blocks
2256 to 2258. Valdez Tract. Oakland; $10..
John and Agnes White (wife) to Patrick
Mulvlhlll, lot on K line of Telegraph avenue,
60 N of Shasta street, N 45 by E 150 lot
25. block B Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract,
Oakland; $10. " . .
George or - Geo. and Louis? J. Roeth (wife)
to I* G. Burpee, lot on N line of Walton or
Thlrty-nfth street. 392:3 W of West. W 74
by N 120:3. lot 26 and portion lot 25, block
M. property Central Land Company, formerly
Brown Tract, Oakland; also lot on N line of
Thirty-third street. 118 W of Market. W 75
by N 100.46. lot 17 and portion 18, block F
same, Oakland; also lot on. W. line of Market
strtet. 68.29 S of Thirty-third, 8 29 by W
116. block ¦ Q. ; sam«. Oakland; also lot on H
lino of Adeline street 10«:6 N of Twenty
¦i»th. X 7S. E 127. S 12. E 127. S 66. W 2=4
lota 2 and 13 and portion lots 4 and 14. block
N. map survey Northern Extension, Oakland -
$10. "
-William M. Butters Jr. to town, of Emery
ville (corporation), for street purposes only
S line . of Santa Fe avenue, 730 W of San
Pablo avenue. W 389.95, XW. 51.72. E 402. IS
S 50.02. . being . portion Santa Fe avenue In
cluded In limits of town of Emeryville, map 2'
William A. Butters ¦ Tract. Oakland Township:
$10.
• R.- M. -Welch to F. W. Hally and F. C
Fabens, ', lot '¦ on- 8 line of- Clement (Atlantic)
avenue. 60 E of ¦ Willow, E 30 by S 150, block
ltf. lands. adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; $10.
Alice H. '. Halght (widow) to Cora Ashton
(wife of Frank), lot on N lln« of Alameda ave
nue, 120 W of Para street. W 80, N 1X7 :6%,
E 89:9 6-10. S 153:4 1-10. Alameda; $10.
Jennie M. Walsh (Shannon) (wife of Martin
Walsh) to Janet Ingler. beginning at point on
W lino of 4.60 acres described In deed to J. N.
Webster et al., 77 D. 273. aforesaid tract being,
bounded S by Carpenter ft Clark Tract (for
merly Luelllng Tract) and W by Hlgley sur
vey of half-acre lots, said point being distant
59:9 N from SW corner of aald . tract, thence
N 23:3, E 50 to W line of Pease avenue, map
J. N. Webster's 4-acre lots. S 23 by,W 60 to
beginning. Alameda; $10.
Janet Ingler to Georgena Crosthwalte (life
estate) to revert to Mary;, E. Crosthwalte.
same, Alameda; gift.
Adaline S (Or Adallne or Adeline) Shanklln
(widow) to I. and Bertha Wollin (wife), lot
on N-llne of Tenth street. 100 W of Madison.
W 50 by N 125. portion of lots 12 and 13 and
all of lots 24 and 25, block 139, Kellersberger*s
map. Oakland; $10.
Albert Long (single) to Martha Long
(widow), lot on W line of Union street 210.2
N of Eighth. N 60 by W 115. lots 43 and
44. block 549. map blocks 649. 650 and por
tion of block 661, property Colonel John Scott.
Oakland: gltVW-^-^^'
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 2.
Edwnrd P. Flint to Mabel Wolcott (wife of '
Harlow E.). lot on S line of Thirty-first street. \
60 E of West, E 50 by S 80. portion of lots 1/
and 18, block 2034, Kowland Tract, Oakland- '
$10- ' I
Edward P. Flint (widower) to Emmellne M. '
Ebey (wile of George), lot on 3E corner of !
West and Thlrty-flrst streets, E 50 by S 80, I
portion of lots 17 and 18, block 2034, same,
Oakland; $10.
James and Martha Potts (wife) to Charles
E. Quigley, lot on N line of Sycamor* street.
407 E of San Pablo avenue. E 25 by N 98:5U.
block J. Kelsey Tract. Oakland; $lt>.
Gtorxe C. Holberton to Standard Electrical
Company of California, lot on NB corner of
Cornwall street and Shattuck avenue. E 160.04.
N 100. W 156.47, S 100.14. lots 1. 2 and 19,
map of McElrath Tract Oakland; $10.
George R. Williams to Henry G. BUsdel Jr.
and Lillian B. Bernard, lot on SE corner of
Orange avenue and Twenty-sixth, street. E 240
by S 90. map No. 3, Blasdel Tract. East Oak
land Heights. Brooklyn Township; $10.
. Sarah Jane Blasdel or Blasdell (widow) to
same, lot on SE line of Orange avenue, 90 SW
of East Twenty-sixth street. SW 150 by SB
240. same map, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Sarah S. Barstow to Anson Barstow (hus
band) lots 32 and 33, block A. amended map of
Teachers' Tract, .Berkeley; gift.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
same, lot in cemtery, Oakland Township; $t"S.
Frederic B. Chandler (by J. R. Folsom. at
torney) to John Longmald, re-record 4SS d. 203.
lot on NE corner of University avenue and
Grant street. -N' 250, E 33:8. S 124:8, E 48, S
124:8. W 104 -, to beginning, portion of range 4.
Hardy Tract.* deed re-recorded to correct error
In name of grantor. Berkeley; $1.
Alameda County.
Found Wandering About the Streets.
SALINAS, Nov. 2. — A few days ago
Constable Cano arrested a man who
was wandering about aimlessly at
Pajaro. The stranger seemed dazed
and was taken into custody, as he had
considerable money on him. It was
learned to-day that his name is Peter
C." Anderson and that he formerly
worked for the Paris Pacific Dye.
Works at Los Angeles. He has a
brother in San Francisco. The police
are trying to locate his relatives.
Same owner with William F. Wilson Co.
(contractors), architect same — plumbing and
gas fitting for same on sane; $1050.
G. Bergstrom (owner) with W. O. Peter
son (contractor), plans by owner — All work
for alterations to building at 216 Eureka street,
between Nineteenth and Twentieth; $1015.
story building on SW corner Bryant and
Rltch streets; $4364. •
George H. C. Meyer (owner) with A. T.
Epencfc (contractor), architect Hermann Bartti
— All work except plumbing and gas fitting
for a two-story frame residence with attlo
and cellar on E line of Lyon street. 100:4Va
S of Washington. S 50 by E 106:3; $10 88»
PITTSBURG. Nov. 2. — The prices
of all grades of coal have been ad
vanced 35 cents a ton as a result of
the increased demand for coal and
the strike of engineers in Illinois.
Coal Prices Advanced on Strike.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 2.— H.
Griffith was returning from Mill Creek
Canyon when he was hailed by .Mrs.
Alberto, who said her little daugh
ter wm dytns. Griffith took the child
into his buggy and began a race down
the steep canyon road toward Men
tone, but before reaching: there the
girl died and Griffith turned sorrow
fully back to the home and gave the
remains to the horrified mother. The
child had eaten raisins which had
been treated with arsenic to kill the
many squirrels infesting the neighbor
hood.
Been Treated With Arsenic
to Kill Squirrels.
Finds and Eats Raisins That Had
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— The* po«t
offlce at Peters. San Joaquin County,
has been discontinued by an order Is
sued to-day. The mail will be sent
to Stockton. /
Postoflice Discontinued.
LITTLE SOUTHLAND GIRL
IS "ACCIDENTALLY POISONED
— '• Mrs. L.. v; Breeze a (owner) . • with ¦ E. ¦ Owens
(contractor). -.architects Bliss & ' FavlUe — Al
termtiona and additions except .work on founda-"
tlan and - framing to second ¦ story.' to a two-
; Mary Da via (owner) with . H. Barrett (con-
I tractor), architect Thomas C. Butterworth —
I Repairs to bulldlnz damaged . by ¦ fire on " SE
line of Natoma street, 100 NE of Eleventh,
NE 25 by SE 75. M. B. 6: $980. , •-
Harvey H. Dana -. (owner) - with Columbia
Marble Company (contractors), architects Cun
ningham 1 & Pollteo— Marble wainscot, marble
i stairs, 'thresholds. Iron work, etc, for an eight
stQry - brick : building on • SE corner of Union
square I avenue - and Stockton street. 8 44 by E
70: $0000. .',
. .- Sams owner with A. Merle ; Company (con
tractors), architects same — Elevator cage, grille
'fronts, newol and rail filling; etc; for same, on
same; $1100. - rrcm»ffUnin>Mu>» "W ' " ' te-iiy.
Margaret McKenzie (owner)' with Clarencte
S.> Boden (contractor).- architect — Altera
tions ¦ and additions to * a . two-story 'frame
building on E ' line of ¦ Forty-slxtn avenue. • 100
S of i Point Lobos, S 50 by 120; »2627.
Annie G. Duffy to Mary F. Gibson, lot on
N line of California street, 103:l%,E of Oc
tavia. E 34:4% by N* 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Charlea
Harris, lot on N line of Butter street,, 27:6 B
of Laguna, E 27:6 by N 112:6; *— . .
Mary Molloy (or Malloy) to Hermlne Kauf
man, lot on S line of Lombard street, 156:3
E of Buchanan, E 25 by S 137:6. and lands
adjoining; {10.
M. Sheftel to Regina Bluraenthal. lot on E
line of Webster street. 87:6 S of Bush, S 23
by E 82:8; 510.
Grace J. and H. M. A. Miller to Ad« K.
Welnsteln. lot on S line of Oak street. 173 W
of Webster. W 2:6 by S 137:6; (10.
* William Ctowley to Esther Werthelmer, lot
on S line of Washington street, 181 :3 W of
Baker. W 25 by S 127:8Vi: $10.
Charles Werthelmer to Esther Werthelmer
(wife), same; gift.
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to William C.
Pavey, lot on W line of Ashbury street, 82:6
N of Halght. N 25 by W 100: $10.
George Schaefc-r to Carrie Schaefer. lot on S
line of Sacramento street. 192:6 W of Spruce,
W 27:6 by 8 132:7%; gift.
Olive M. Washburn to McKlnlay Orphanage,
lot on N line of Cumberland street, 205 W of
Church, W 50 by N 114; $10. v
Realty Improvement Company to Wilbur T.
George, lot 59, Lyon & Hoar's subdivision.
Mission block 120; $10.
J. F. and Marie F. Engelland to James and
Sarah M. Cole, lot on W line of Shotwell
street. 20:11% S of Twenty-second. S 23:3 by
W 96:6; $10.
David Deasy to Mary Deasy, lot on E line
of Bryant street. 110 N of Twenty-second, N
25 by E 100; gift.
- George S., William H., Grace M.. Samuel
M. and William H. Crlm 'Jr. to John and
Emma Jacobs, lot on SE corner of Twenty
third street and Treat avenue, E 60 by 8
80: $10.
R. H. Cross, Charles W. Steere. J. J. Rauer.
J. W. Schouten, Ferdinand Reis and Western
Iron Works (by H. J. Pelrsol. commissioner)
to Roger Johnson, \ lot on N line of Twenty
fourth street, 176:8 W of Ellen. W 103:3 by
N 114; also lot on S line of Liberty street, 135
W of Valencia, W 25 by S 115; $5150.
Elizabeth Clinton to Ethel Uncoln fc lot on NE
line of Second street, 25 S of Clementina. SB
20 by NE 55; $10.
Georse K.. Lucle H. and Minerva K. Frlnk
to Eugene Dasse. lot on SB line of Minna,
street 185 NE of Eighth, NE 20 by SE Cfl; $10.
Frank E. and Gertrud* Peabody to Charles
L. Tll-ien, lot on E corner of Brannan and
Ninth streets, NE 137:6 by SE 283, quitclaim
deed; $5. ;• '
Sam* to same, lot on E ¦ corner of Brannan
and Ninth streets, NE 137:6, SE 275, SB 11:8,
W 165:4. NW 167:7: $10.
Margaret E. Mulllns ¦ to Anna V. Saul, lot
on S line of California street, 32:6 E of Sixth
avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Frank J- or Francis and Alice P. Sullivan
to A. J. Galbralth, lot on SW corner of Sixth
avenue and Clement street. W 32:6 by S 100;
grant. ..--.".-¦
Annie L. and Anita L. Corbett and Sadl« L.
Jackson (Corbett) (wife of Austin) to Thomas
W. Mulford. lot . on SE corner of Forty-third
avenue and Clement street, 8 420:5, SB 13 :B.
NE 432 W'101; also lot on W line of Forty
third a-venu-*. 208:11 S of Clement street. S
190:9. NW (3:1, NE 193:9; $10.
Mary Xlhrlg to same, same; $10.
' Bay District Land Company to Grace O.
Clurk lot on W line of Third avenue. 150 N
of A street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Wendelen
and Louisa Weldner. lot on W line of Second
avnue 150 S of A street. 8 25 by W 120: $10.
Edward H. Silsby to J. W. Wright & Sons'
Investment Company, lot on SW corner of B
street and Thirty- sixth avenue. S 100 by W
120. quitclaim deed; $25. ; -
Frank J. McGlinchey to John H. Speck, un
divided one-half of lot on SE corner of Sixth
avenue and C etreet, S 200. E 120. N 00.62.
E 25. N 109.38. W 145; $10.
Ferdinand and Minna Hesthal to Jacob
Wetssbeln, - lot on NE corner of : Forty-sixth
avenue and D street. E 55 by N 140; $10.
Albert Meyer to Lizzie Carpenter, lot on 8
line of H- street. 32:6 E of Twentieth avenue.
E 25 by.S 100; $10.
Herman H. and Annie B. /Borchers to Sam
uel Mann lot on S line of K street. 30 W of
Forty-eighth avenue. W 30 by S 62:6; $600.
John Melerdlerks to George . Shea. lot on SE
corner ' of Nlnteenth - avenue and O street. S
206:9, E 240:4, N 219:8, W 240; $10.
Charles F. and Annie F. Coady to Paul and
Rosa. Jachowskl, lot on 8 line of Army street.
75 W.of dividing line of Precita Valley 81 and
84, S 100 by W 25. Precita Valley 84 and 85;
$10. '-'¦,;¦"¦¦ '• ..'¦¦.¦¦ "¦•-•'¦
' Unknown owners (by James GUleran. Super
intendent of Streets) to A. P. Roemer, lot on
S line of Brunswick street, 886 W of Gutten
berg W 65 by S 213; $55. ,
Same to P. Roemer, lot on SE line of Bruns
wick street, 445 SW of Humboldt, SW. 170 by
106:0- $53. : .
-McEwen , Bros, (corporation) to Martin • T.
Tellefson. lot on NW line of Madrid street, 150
SW of Russia. SW ; 150 by * N W 100, block
26, Excelsior. Homestead; $10.
~ . v ' . Builders' Contracts.
City and County of San Francisco to Ed
ward A. Lesser, lot on N line of Hayes street,
76:6 B of Octavia, E 61 by N 120; £— .
WEDNESDAY. NOV." 2,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.—Regula
tions of the Civil Service Commission
are to be applied, so far as may be
practicable, to employes of the Pan
ama Canal Commission. President
Roosevelt has so directed.
Civil Service for the Canal.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Baltic,
for Liverpool; stmr Utruria, for Naples.
' Wednesday, Nov. 2.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. San Pedro.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, Port Rogers.
Fr bark General Melllnet. Touchet, Queens
town. *'" -- r ¦
SAILED.
Wednesday. Nor. 2.
Stmr Pasadena, Henrlcksen, 30 hours from
Eureka.
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 2. — An or
dinance repealing the franchise of the
Pacific States Telephone and Tele
graph Company was introduced in the
Council of Portland to-day and re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. In
addition to rescinding the rights
granted to the present company the
ordinance provides that the franchise
be advertised and granted to the com
pany offering the greatest induce
ments.
May Repeal Telephone Franchise.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2. — Countess
Majoresky, who has just returned
from Nome, says she has a claim for
$200,000 against the Government on
account of hardships endured i&y her
self and husband through the actions
of William Gilpin. a rejected suitor
and Federal official.
Says Acts of a Federal Official and
Rejected Suitor Give Her a Claim
Against the Government.
COUNTESS MAJORESKY
RETURNS PROM NOME
"From September 15 to October 15.
while the colonists' rates were pre
vailing on the railroads, 30.000 new
residents went to California. The
committee takes pains to recommend
that no land be bought until a per
sonal inspection has been made." ¦ :..'."
• "It is expected that soon fully
1.000,000 acres of land will be re
claimed in the Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys. This land is now
subject to overflows. As an example of
the fertility of the reclaimed ground
in the State, Californiana sent to the
St. Louis Exposition the famous Hol
eteln cow. Juliana de Kol. born on the
reclaimed land and fed on alfalfa
grass grown there. The cow took first
prize.
Rufus P. Jennings, representing the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce;
A. Sbarboro, representing the Man
ufacturers' and Producers' Association
of San Francisco, and- F. J. Koster.
representing the Merchants' Associa
tion of San Francisco, constitute the
committee now at the Holland House.
They expect to go to Washington at
the end of the week and thence to
New Orleans and to El Paso. Tex.
"The California Promotion Commit
tee." said Jennings, "Is comj>osed of
representatives from the various com
mercial organizations of San Francisco
and has affiliated with It 145 commercial
organizations in the State. It gives un
biased information regarding. Califor
nia of Interest to farmer, merchant,
manufacturer, the commercial man,
professional man, tourist, homeseeker.
investor: in fact, all Information which
a stranger may desire.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2. — A delegation
of business men from San Francisco
has come to New York in furtherance
of a well organized plan to induce
homeseeklrg industrious people to
take up their residence in California.
Within a short time it is proposed to
establish here and in one or two other
large cities bureaus for the dissem
ination of information regarding the
advantages California offers. Plain
spoken literature will be distributed
and competent lecturers will deliver
illustrated talks on California.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 2. — Because
she bequeathed more than one-third
of her property to charity and an old
statute in this States makes a will
worthless under such condition the
California heirs of Mrs. Amanda W.
Reed, who died in Pasadena last May,
will contest her will. It Is understood
this old California law never has
been" revoked and the legal fight
promises to be interesting. Mrs.
Reed bequeathed $1,000,000 for the
establishment of a manual training
school in Portland, gave $10,000 to
the Throop Polytechnic Institute of
Pasadena and made many smaller
charitable bequests, on all of which
the contest hinges.
California Heirs Claim Testamentary
Document Is Invalid Because of
Bequests to Charities.
WILL OF MRS. REED K:%y*Z
IS TO BE CONTESTED
Special Dispatch to The CalL
! Jennings, Sbarboro and F. J.
Koster Working on a New;
Plan to Build Up State
{COMMITTEE IN GOTHAM
Bureau of Information of
California to Be Estab
lished in Large Cities
Thursday evening the Mexican resi
dents of, Los Angeles will entertain
Vice President Corral at dinner at the
Angelus Hotel, and later in the evening
he will leave for Hennosillo, Mexico.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2.— Ramon Cor
ral, Vice President of Mexico, arrived
in this city from San Francisco at noon
to-day. The train bearing the distin
guished Mexican and his party was met
at Santa Susanna Pass by a delegation
of prominent officials and citizens 01
this city. After luncheon prominent
citizens escorted the visitor to Mount
Lowe over the Incline -railway. To
night a public reception was tendered
Senor Corral at the Chamber of Com
merce.
Vice President of Meilco Is Given a
Public Reception by the Cham
ber of Commerce. V"
SEEK SETTLERS
IN THE EAST
SEVOR CORRAIi AND PARTY
ARRIVE IX LOS AXGEUSS
fHESANi FRANCISCO GALU. THURSDAY. -3r 1904.
14
.gSAX. E3TATE-CITT-rCB SAI.E._
' A'i"(TION
. • A DCTtOS "
TO-DAY,
TO-DAY.
"JPO-JJA Y,
THUICSDAT.
AT 12 O'CLOCK
NOON AT OUR
'OFFICE. 2. r . POST ffT.
:>\ liOULKVAKD LOTS.
JS BOULEVARD LOTS.
LCMBAim *T.
¦tiRi:i:.\"\vjcii st.
OCTAVIA BT.
LAOVNA ST.
' FOK ESTATE OK
*LV1NZA HAYWARD.
DCCCAS EXX
' ADMINISTRATOR'S SALTS.
BIG HARGAINS.
FINE LOTS.
$1500 AND LES5.
ONE-HALF CASH.
COME TO THE SALE.
DON'T MISS IT.
GREAT LOTS
FOP. FLATS.
WOULD RENT BEFORE
COMPLETED- -
•J5 PGST ST.
25 POST ST. i
TO-DAY AT NOON.
DON'T FORGET.
BALDWIN & HOWELL
BALDWIN & HOWELL
WILL- DO THE SELLING. I
.iv J. GVSX.
'• ¦ r»3<> CALIFORNIA STREET. I
" .. • :'¦ <SavinRS-L"nlon Building).
.U£50 — A grand lot. the sur.r.y northeast corner
• Cleinfnt ana l-'th ave.. ll'O feet on the
.. .• . funny sid* of Clement by 50 ft. on 1-th
ave. :. a erlfn<51d corner to Improve with
iVt.ore and *ti Rats; submit an offer: a bar-
pain can be had; the choicest corner in
•' Richmond.
tJSOO far but— —3 lots. 2.-JJC12O. en cast side 11th
.-: avf.. near Point Lobos ave.; a fine buy;
£rradf-a. Ftreef work done; the cheapest
v lots in Richmond: well located: east side
¦ ' js th-: lje?t sidt on avenues running north
• • .*nd south. ' • .
¦ %£a&-\ v. ell-built, fine-looking residence.
• ' "ninny Fide of streK, In Richmond; 5
' r«,iri, -large basement; a bargain; may .
- • ' t>e obtained' <>n account of departure: this ;
. "•«. is-.no lwuse built to sell again, but was .
-¦¦npM-urtid with great care for owner;
• ' c£H at of he and eee photograph of same;
really a i>retty home.
$]70{i — I'nion st..' sunny side; 27:6x110; marine ;
' - view; a- bargain; fine lot.
W. "J. "OCNM. • ¦ •
• . * • .. 530 CALIFORNIA ST. :
•ONLY A FEW LEFT.
. $1 25 PER WEEK.
. " . NO INTEREST. !
' Choicest loti In Use Exc*lslor Homestead 1
. Tract'; level 4s a billiard . table: on atreet '
. trade; close' to fine school; not far from th» ,
. .M— sion-stl electric cars; secure one as an ¦
• ' ij-.wFtr/.erj and by the time It is paid for it j
' will t*ve. doubled in value the way prices j
! i have sdvacc-fl during the p»st year: buy ;
• - tiCw before .prices become prohibitive la this I
rapid-ly trowir.z section. '
.W. J. WHITE. !
£6. Mcntgcn-ry St.. r.. S. Phcne Main 5704. !
,<5N,LY $140 r»-r front foot: sunny side of etreet: :
1 liiyi— hn warm belt: no fogs, no winds:- lot
• 4<'xiOti C3 Howard, n-rar 14th St.: for rest- ;
•dence. or .business it's an O. K. investment. 1
. T4IISTLETON. Ocean View. :
$2200— BAY-YV1NDOW, 7-room cottage: 4 lots:
nr a corner; tornamental hedge, vegetable and '
flo'wer gatden; barn, chlcken-hcuses, etc.; \
terms..caR>\ ,
' A'^oiy . cottace. -4 rooms, large basement
• cnickMi-lwuisfs, etc.: only $1100. :
• ¦Ch"i<-e ]?*cl lot*. $;;-0 each. :
j- •TinrTLKTON. 272 Sadowa M.. Ocean View. ,
OCBANSIDE .cottage, a bargain; neat. 4-room '
cottage on 4Sth-a\e.; lot 25x114; $1800; $100
cash,' balance llVe rent.
• W. N. RUSSELL.
S01 CaMfornla et., San Francisco, Cal.
jjiuid — BCKW cottage, 4 r.&b. :30K China; terms, j
- f 3 :;<><¦» — Cottage. 5 rocrns; 3C6O Folsom rt.
J^200 — l<)»rnr house; 305 Bennington;' terms. ;
$1000^- CornT lot: Sanchez & Palmer: terms. !
. D. COFFIN. 2528 Mission st. near '21st.
J$cr.Of>— A BAKGAIN; elegant residence, nine \
rootr.« and bath; just finished: in th> "best'
" ptrt of theclty. 015 Fell «.. near Fillmore. !
"Owner on cn-m'.ses from 1 to 3 p. m.
.FOR »ale — .1 colonial houses. 6 rooms, bath i
sr.d basement; beautifully finished, up to :
date'ahd e'ufiny: east side of Tenth ave., near :
1 ft! Euns.et HaUleit & Gee, on premises, ,
A> $2000 HOME built to suit you. If • included. '¦
.any looatlcn. on $1 _< per week. Mutual '
Horn Building Association. 427 Crossley bid. '
ALL work ' misrantecd flrrt cia-«s by AHL- '
KACfi & MATKR. plumbers. *M Howard rt. \
• . 1 !
SAN KATEO SEAL ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK— On line cf San MateiTelectria i
cars, ill minutes from Fi'.th and Market sts. ; I
ou£&» the foz belt and Just beyond where :
the 6. P. Co-'s- bay *hore ••cutofT* will Join I
ihe ir.a-n line; 60-foot lots from $400 up;
• terms 'only 410 down and $10 a montn: sewer ;
and water pipes in front of -every lot; pur* ,
• riff >an well water; 175 lots sold since '
Augtfct 1; an exceptional opportunity to se- !
cure a -lot in this desirable section; take the ¦
' 'eiectrie cars and cet c2 at "LOMI-TA j
P. ARK" and investigate; znaps sent on ap-
plication. •'-¦
frEXnY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main C73. 116 California «t
SEAL ESTATE — COTJ1TTBT — Tot Sale.
SALH -or exchenge for city property: sacrifice; •
li* acref. Napa Co.; CO acres in cultivation: |
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped and ,
iwyiog: bwitlful place; gentleman's home.
EHADBURNE, 405 Montgomery ft. ' ;
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! i
• S»nd postal for catalogues of the bert land i
•bafr.1 -r.r in t^llfomia. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. ;
€4S Market gt. . , j
. BEAT. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. '
CLEAR Oakland, Berkeley or S. F. property
fcr tancbes- J. H. EDSON. X4-»i Bacon
. Mark.
FSOPESTT WASTED. I
WE have a buyer for 5uO acres good vineyard '
land. Give location and r-rtce.
Also s buyer fcr ICO-acre stock farm: must I
have plenty of water: foothill land preferred, i
.A. R. SMITH &. CO., i^ I
121 Geary «t. room 301.
i S^OaAOEAOT^WABEHOTTSES.
TO lease for term of years, building for stor-
age and mfg. purposes: must be strong, suit-
able fcr heavy work; well lighted: about 100
feet cquare; 3 or 4 irtcries and- basement. »
Box SCO. Call office.
A— EMPORIUM Storage- Van Co.: furniture, i
hrmfehold goods stored, moved, zhlped. 725- !
7:il Howard et, nr. Third; phone Grant 18L !
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy ct: i
.pbene Mint 2941: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
rurnltore moved, packed, shipped and stored.
* : > • I
PISnCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
floe Pott and Powell t ts. ; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLINS Storage— Furniture and merchan- !
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126. •
PACIFIC Pierage and Furniture Moving Com' I
pasy. 2320 Ftllmore st.; phone Jackson 281. j
1JEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montromery :
• st.: tel. M«in 1M0. Phipplnir at cut rates. (
m ~i — — _=sa I
SEWIKOJIACHI1JES A17D SUPPLIES, i
THE sewing machine exchange of the coast is •
located at 316 Market st If you wish to 1
-buy. ren: or have your machine repaired
your wants will be promptly attended to by ;
the' Whit* Co., at the above number The *
While is Klrt«. ,: ;;-
ALL raajcez; 21 hand. $2. $5. $7. $8; new $4 fs-
drop beads. 5 drawer, golden oak. $15; rented!
rrpeJred: lowert rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.: tel. Je«ie 3T96? !
lOUIZSTIC— The machine for family use- best"'
ix cheapest: *eeond-hand all makes at any '
jirict: all kln<3» rented lowest rates Domes- I
tic office. UC1 Market ft., near Sixth. .
ALL kinrfg . *«i.-ond-hand $3. $3, $8; - slightly i
L«»d $10. $15. $20; you know where the dolls '
fwlng In the window. 1C51 Market «t. '
' — ———_—! j
_._^__STO_p_Dsraraso._^ j
GUARANTEED cure; sen* 60c; tablet form •
.mailed in plain package; has cured thou-
¦anas.' L, U C CO.. 417 Hay ward bldg.. S. F.
: AJiAMKDA ADVERTS'MTS
AIilSIED A COTTAGES TO _>ET.
COTTAGK ."> rooms, bath, completely furnished,
piano; adults; rent $30. 1530 Ninth st, Ala-
: meda. Mastic station.
! BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
I ; _ __
j BEBZELET SEAL ESTATE.
.V —$3500 — '-. ¦¦,".¦¦¦'
A CHOICE home on "Delaware st, Berkeley; S
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern;
ranny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Ino-J.
2172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth «t-.
Oakland.
u.ii.i, - .. . ....»¦
________
To close out my ho'dlncn in Golden Gate and
Kear Asnby station, on the Key route. I will
cell lots and build email homes on your own
plans for only $150 down.
M. L. WURTS & CO.. 1323 Broadway, op-
posfie Postofflce.
6 ROOMS: modern; lot 40x75; fine location in
South Berkeley: 4 blocks from Key rout*;
$26<J0; $200 cash, balance like rent.
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California st. San Francisco, Cal
BEBHXL_YJ3T0KES TO IiET.
BAKER'S oven, store, 4 living rooms, stable
for 5 or 6 horses; situated at Berkeley sta-
tion; rent $32 per month. MOHAN &
SWAIN, Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE APVERT'S'TS
rB.UrTVAJ.3G EEAX ESTATE.
~ FRUITVALE ReXl ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
Office, one-half block from Frultvale station;
$C0O cash; beautiful home of 4 large rooms,
high basement concrete foundation; fine well
of water; all set out in small fruits; will
make a fine chicken ranch: no cold fogs or
heavy winds; nestles at the base of the foot-
hills; street cars, schools, church and poet-
office close by; line sandy loam soil; nearly
one acre. of ground; price all told, $2000; this
is a sr.an.
$2250 — Chicken ranch; new house of 5
rooms: chicken-houses and yards; young fruit |
trees;' large fine shade trees; nice creek; fine
location; close to school and street cars; lot
125x200.
$2100— Splendid house of 6 rooms and pan-
tries; fine well; also city water; fruit trees
and flowers; all surrounded by a fine picket
and wire fence; let 100x200.
$1150 — Nice rustic cottace of 4 rooms; high
basement; fine well of splendid water; chlck-
en-houees and yards; property nicely fenced;
close to graded school, postofflce and church;
lot 50x100.
$4250 — Beautiful home; 2-story house, with
C large rooms; elegant reception hall; large
bath; pantry: artistically finished; stable;
summer-house covered with vines; beautiful
lawn, abundance of flowers: family orchard;
street and sewer work all done; grand view
of foothills and bay; In the heart of town;
one block to electric cars; close to fine school;
lot 70x230; price, all told, $4250, one-half of
which can remain. <
SrsaJl payment down and easy monthly pay-
ments can be made on any of my properties.
Fine lot on Fruitvale ave., 40x120; $900.
Choice corner, 50x125; only $750; street
work done; sewered.
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY PAY-
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only
$75 each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
FOR sale— $2750; it cost $3750; rents for S20
per month ; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAXP ADVERT'S'-m
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND _____ ESTATE.
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
EDDY, 499 — For rent, newly furnished, sunny
front rooms; running water: close In.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 939— Unfurnished room;
a large front room facing Jefferson Park.- . •
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
HOFF ave., 38 — A large sunny front room
for rent.
HOWARD, 715— Large sunny rooms at low
• rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 1207— Furnished room to let.
HYDE. 330— Large room: suitable for two;
private family; reasonable.
OAKLAND FKOFERTT FOR SALE.
$2400 — Reduced from $2900; owner and
builder financially embarrassed; must sell;
cottage of 5 rooms, bath; all modern con-
\-enlences, with 9-foot basement constructed
*o as to t« made Into a flat of 5 . rooms
more: lot large and sunny; right near Key •
Route station at Fortieth and San Pablo;
only 27 minutes to San Francisco; terms, 350
cash, balance mortgage at low rate of in-
terest. Remember, the house is new, mod-
ern; first-class. First come first served
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
J3S50— REDUCED from $4500 for a quick sale;
house is new, colonial; 7 rocme and bath;
open plumbing; combination gas fixtures; I
paneled dining room; In fact a thoroughly |
substantial up-to-date handsome residence- I
lot 60x125, with a terraced lawn; 60- foot
street; flret-claes neighborhood, near Tele-
graph avenue and convenient to Key Route
station; less than 30 minutes to San Fran-
cisco; space too expensive to say more; to
see It means to buy it; terms, $500 cash; bal-
ance, mortgage.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$1C-SO — Good 5-room ccttage and lot 37:6x150-
on East Twenty-first st, near Twenty-third '
¦ve.
$3oO will buy a 50x133 lot on Magnolia st
near Twenty-fifth. >.
J.-.-sO — 25^foot lot on Market st. near Twenty-
fifth.
$«50 — Another cheap lot; 25x125; on Twenty-
Ofth st.. near San Pablo ave. *
$2500 — Best buy In town; fine 6- room cottage
and lot 29:6x100; right in heart of city; see it
quick.
$605 — Lot 33:4x115; on Edwards st, between
Broadway and Telegraph ave. ',
$900— Choice lot; on sunny side of Thirty- I
fourth st. close to Telegraph ave.; 30x110 or i
35 feet for $1C5O.
$1150— Beautiful terraced loU 40x132; on Ver-
non street, Verncn Heights; grand view; ele-
gant surroundlcgs.
BELDEN. ,REAL ESTATE,
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
6 ROOMS; modern: lot 30x100; in Piedmont;
3 block* from Key Route; fine neighborhood- '
$1600; $100 cash, balance like rent. ' !
Nice modern house, nearly new; near Lake I
Merritt; close to new streetcar extension,
which will enhance value; 7 rooms; lot 55x
232; $3150; $200 cash, balance like rent.
0 :00ms; modern: lot 50x100, lying high,
with cement retaining wall; In East Oak-,
land, near new Key Route service; $3500; $300
cash, balance like rent.
Mansion In East Oakland; 14 rooms; 6 lots;
suitable fer ranitarium or private hospital;
$6500: easy terms.
• W. N. RUSSELL. ,-.
301 California st, San Francisco. Cal.
$700 CASH, $10 monthly till paid; well equipped
chicken ranch; rough cottage of 3 rooms; fine
large brooding house and Al brooder; 2 lncu-
batore; stable, chicken-houses; chicken runs;
fenced and cross-fenced; some young fruit
trees; good well of water: sandy loam soil;
away from fogs and raw winds; an ideal spot
for the raising of chickens or pigeons; a
grand property and a bargain: adjoining East
Oakland, near electric car; boulevard: fine
high-grade school; new buildings going up
all around: home-seekers anchoring here* 12
lots. ISOxSSq. all fenced; price all told. $1700;
call or eend for circular. 455 7th st. opposite
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free
H. C. JONES, owner.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland' proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION ,
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present .market rates. If you want
a bargain call on or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.
10S2 Broadway.
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont-
fine neighborhood; good location; near car
line; will sell cheap: roust be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th st
homes" homes. homes
Foi hcm»s near the Key route, see the
LANE CO.. San Pablo ave.. Key route. Oakland
IF you want to buy or cell anything In the
way of real estate comb to 422 Eleventh st
near Broadway. Oakland. . . . ""
OAK^ANl^PUKaiTjD'BI! FOB * SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains irTTurnN
ture. H. Bchelbaas. 11th «t..cor.storc. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
EOO^S TOE HOUSKEEPIirr}.
EDDY. 804 — 3- sunny housekeeping rooms with
bath.'
EIGHTH.. 112—3 unfurnished rooms; kitchen
furnished if desired ;• cheap rent
ELLIS. 325 — Two or three rooms for house-
keeping.
ELLIS. 570 — Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
phone, bath and gas stove. . - '
ELLIS, 736 — Large room ;; grate/ 2 closets $12;
also parlors and kitchen; modern.', Call 1 to 5.
FILLMORE, 213— Large . sunny ?. housekeeping
room*; hot and cold water; reasonable.
JACKSON, 1174— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; marine view; walking distance..
% » — ; ¦
JONES. 423 — One large, sunny room to let ¦ C
LARKIN, 139 — Furnished rooms to let
LAGUNA st, 910, nr. G. G. ave. — Wanted, oc-
cupants for sunny handsome parlor suite;'
unfurnished.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MCALLISTER, 2516 — Nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for gentlemen; bath, gas, etc.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 120 Third st— 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day, c
$2 to $S per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold (
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat j
In every room and gives free baths and ele- '
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MISSION, 836 — Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let.
MISSION, 2768— Nicely furnished front room
for rent
MISSION, 2342^ — Large sunny front bay-win-
dow room In new flat. .with running water
and lar^e closet: all new furniture; use of I
phone; references required. »
MOSS. 23 — 1 room to let >
PINE. 952— Beautifully furnished front con-
necting rooms: refined family.
POST, 0C2 — Sunny front rooms; water, gas,
phone; $8 month; rear rooms jr. month.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par,- t
lor: rooms per night 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on' ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BUTTER. Y17 — Front or back sunny room; run-
ning water, grate, closet; 8 minutes to town.
TEHAMA. 6S*-Room» to let
THE ST. KATHRTN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW .
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE, HOT AND COLD. WATER: EVERY 1
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 361 Rutter — New brick bldg.,
finely furnished; hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 60 to $5 per week. :
THIRTEENTH. 268, near Mission— Newly fur-
nished room to let; suitable for two; bath;
phone.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— WO
rooms 35c to $1 night,* $1 75 to $6 week; elec- I
trie lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
VALENCIA. 210 — Large sunny room: private
family.
VAN NESS ave., 796 — Newly furnished bay-
window room; gas and bath; reasonable.
VERMONT, 449, near Seventeenth— Sunny
furnished rooms : In new house. ' 1
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st, near Market I
. Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms*
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; freo bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard-^-Cholce
furnished rooms for 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms. 60c. per night
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received~~at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts. 8
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened - at 1008 Market. st opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. :m.--
ROOMS AND BOARD. '
FULTON, 1313— Large sunny room for gentle-'
man and wife or two single gentlemen; heat-
ed by furnace; references required; ' phone 1
Park«746.
BUSH. 709— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. : _
NEATLY furnished rooms, with . or without
board ;. reasonable. 123 Stelner. st '-.-,. . J
HOWARD.. 841A— First-class board and room.
single or double. $5 week; American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California — See rms. learn prices. try table.
VALENCIA, 936 — Large, «. sunny ¦ rooms; „ good
board; all conveniences; .wajm, belt-- -•
WASHINGTON. 1618— Strictly first-class ele"- *
gantly : furnished : rooms: : excellent-, table.
J^^^^^-J^^°-5?A-^ 1 ' - ,' i '; J ;0-.: l r~ \
TROLLEY parties, -clubs., fraternities.' look
here; a chance . to ' make merry r' cozy -: dance 1
hall and dinners - to suit . any purse at Ivy
Gardens. Ocean Beach I terminal > of : electric \
car 'lines.'. Make 'arrangements at room 2U.~
Mulrhead building. -¦. Market : and i Larkln \ sts. , ]
M "" MM^^^'~?7~'~**"* M *™*~^- M *-~-"*~-~-~-~-— ~ ¦ j 1
__¦--' _ _ "._ ¦ '¦ -S "¦ SA-CTATO-JTJ-I. ! ;; .-.v '.y , j
CONROY Sanatorium and Maternity Hospital ; I
2812 Sacramento at ; terms very reasonable. ; . ¦.
SPECIAI. tTOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby B tven that the Maria Kip
¦ Orphanage, of .520 Lake st, San Francisco,
has received the following orphan; and half
orphan girls from July 1 to Oct. 1. 1904:
. Louise Carmenlta, aged- 9 years; Evelyn C.
Nielsen, aged 7 years; : Saturnina Martin,'
.aged .10 years: Delores Martin, aged 7 years;
t Emma' B. Balrd, aged 3 years • 8 months;
Ruby Karl, ' aged ' 7 years 8 months: ' Zlna
Romley, aged 1- year 2 months: Bessie Tur-
ner, aged 7 .years;' Edna Turner, aged 8
. years; Grace Turner, aged 3 years 9 months.
STUTTEEING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE^nstltute.~Van~Nes3 and Market
cures; eetab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ' ¦¦• .
Sterling P. Jackson 28. 1534 Kentucky
street, and Margaret K. Jull, 27, 62 Cumber-
land street. < ..,
Robert E. Cochra'n, 31 Weavervtlle, and May
E. Brady, 21, 375 Bartlett street. ¦
Tham Allen, 22, U23 Eddy etreet .and Al-
mlna Breckwoldt. 17. 1164 Bryant street. .
Andrew T.'Boeart,' 30 350 Buchanan street,
and Lorcna M. Hiller, 29 Lynoneld, Mass.
Clyde Beck. 35, San Diego, and Clara M.
Hulbert. 26, 254 Fifth «treec
Otto Olson. 26, 152 West Mission street and
Jenny Erlckson, 2«, ,152 West Mission street 1
Charles R. Scheflin 21, 1750 Twelfth ».venue
South, and Nora Regan. 21, 1307 Sixth avenue
South. ¦- ¦
Norls Hovey, 24, Berkeley, and Cella Mul-
hern. 24, 420 Eddy street.
• Frank P.- Pinkham, 21. 412 Locust street,
and Mary E. Walshe, 18 3015 California st
Edward G. Chrlstenson. 23, city, and Leona
L. Lawrence. 18, 2S53 Twenty- fourth street.
Timothy L. O'Mahony, 29, 1032 Mission
street, and Mary Lynch. 24, city.
Clarence W. Welgler, 21. 108 Mission street
and Phebe Kennedy, IS, 108 Mission street.
Irvin B. Hushes. 34. Davisville. and Gene-
vieve Hunt, 3H. Davisville.
James C. McAbee. 26, Boulder Creek, and
May Hlckey, . 21. - Santa Cruz.
Wallie Klotzbaugh, 25, Oakland, and Nellie
Thomson. 20.- Alameda,
Frank M.' Pendergast, 2G, 2625 Nineteenth
street, and Eliza D. Bowman, 19, 2C66 Bryant
Anthone Duarte. 88, 1115 Clay street, and-
Emily McNally. 19, III514 Clay street.
William P. Doyle, 33. city, and Mary A.
Lawler. 24. Louisville, Ky.
Ralphord M. Seay. 21. 511 Dolores street, and
Addle M. Doud. 18. 707 Larkln street
BIRTHS— MAR^AGES— DEATHS. I
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN*.
BRAKE— In this city. October 31. 1904. to the
wife of F. W. Brake^ a daughter.
LEA— In this city. September 3, 1904, to the
wife of R. Lea, a daughter.
SMITH— In tbls city. November 2. 1904, to
the wife of Harper A. Smith, a daughter.
HANAK— BROWNSTONE— In this city, Octo-
ber 30. 1904. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Isldor
Hannk and Hattie Brownstone.
DIED.
Boone. John L. Larsen, George D.
Campbell. James Martin. E. J.
Cannon. Lizzie s McGahan. John
Coughlan. Johanna Reid. John
Deasy. David . Roemer, Albert
Dickinson. Elizabeth Rosenberg, Henriette
Dlvvcr, John Phemester. William
Farnsworth, Louise Waters, Patrick
Fass, Pauline Winslow, George D.
Hansen, Harry E. Zander, Walter R.
Judge, John J.
BOONE— In this city. October 31.' 1904. at his
residence, 3250 Twenty- first street, John L.
Boone, beloved husband of Annie L. Boone.
'and father of Annie, Ralph. Ren and Stan-
ley Boone .and Mrs. Olive Williams, and
grandfather of Grade Williams, a native of
Iowa, aged 61 years 2 months and 25 days.
¦ A member of the Loyal Legion. (Washing-
ton, D. C, New York and Cincinnati papers
pleaso copy.)
C7Friends and acauaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R. and ladles of Thomas
Circle No. 32 are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral, which will be held under
the auspices of George H. Thomas Post No.
2. G. A. R.. at their hall. 220 Golden Gate
avenue, this day (Thursday), at 2 p. m. In-
terment George H. Thomas Pest plat. Na-
tional Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. November 1, 1904.
James, beloved son of Hannah and the late !
John Campbell, brother of John. Daniel j
and Charles Campbell. Mrs. Rose McLean j
and Mrs. Fannie Colettl. and nephew of I
Charles and the late Owen Herald, a native f
of California, aged 25 yea~. A member of |
the Boilermakers and Iron Shipbuilders of
America No. 205.
ETFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited n> attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12:30 p. m., from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street, j
thence, to St. Rose's Church for services at I
1 P. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CANNON — In the City and County Hospital, .
November 2, 1904. Lizzie Cannon, aged 70
years. . ,
COUGHLAN— In this city. November 2, 1004.
Johanna, beloved mother of Walter and the
late James Coughlan, and sister of James,
John and Margaret Lawlor, a native of Ire-
land, aged 57 years.
1 (CFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 61 Clara street, off Fourth, thence to
St. Patrick'* Church, whore a solemn re-
quiem lilch mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEASY— In this city. November 2. 1904,
David, beloved husband of Mary Deasy, and
loving father of David and Catherine Deasy, 1
a native of Buttlestown. County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 47 years.
IC^Krlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 2341 Bryant street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repess of his soul,
commencing at 9 a. ¦ m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. • .; /
DICKINSON— In Uklah. October 29, 1901,
Elizabeth Dickinson, devoted mother of Mrs,
Margaret Abrams, grandmother of Harry
Abrams. and sister of John Bolton of Slloam, I
Ark., a native of Preston. England, aged 71 I
years. (Arkansas papers please copy.)
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited • to attend the funeral to-day
(Thuraday). at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Son. 1057 ' Mission
street, opposite new Postofflce. thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
V pose of her soul, commencing at 9 a, m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DIVVER— In this city,' November 1. 1004.
- John Divver, beloved father of Mrs. Nellie
Joyce, Mrs. Katie McGreehan, John Diwer
and the late Mrs. Jennie Deeney, a native of
Ireland, aeed 74 years.. . .
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co. 1233 Market street, near
Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem maas will be celebrated for the
. repose of his soul, commencing at 0 a. m.
' Interment : Holy Cross Cemetery. :
FARNSWORTH— In - this city. November 2,
1904, Louise : Farnsworth, beloved ' mother . of
A. K. Coney. - Mrs. Fannfe E. Marshall and
Mrs. J. J. McMonn. a native of Louisiana,
aged 75 years and i) days. . :» .'
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, November. 4, at- 10 a. m., from her
daughter's residence, '316 Clipper street". In-
terment strictly private. .Please omit flowers.
FASS— In this city, November 1. 1904, Pauline,
beloved wife of < A. S. Fass. and mother ' of
*• Nettle. Myra and Sidney Fass. and sister of
: Mrs. S. Israel, Mrs. F. Jacobson and Mrs.
¦ B. Mirsky, a native of Kogasen, Germany,
aged 47 years. (Sonora, Cal., papers please
copy.) -
C7"Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral this day
(Thursday). November 3, at 10 a. m., from
her.' late residence, 1238 Eddy street, be-
tween- Laguna and Buchanan, thence by
' electric funeral car leaving Eighteenth and
•Guerrero, streets at 11:15 'a. ni. to New
Salem Cemetery. for interment.
The : of fleers and members of Ladles' En-
deavor ' Society of Congregation Beth Israel
. are hereby -requested to attend t the - funeral
of -. our ¦ late sister, ; Mrs.' Pauline Fasti, on
Thursday, - November 1 3," . 1904, from her late
residence. 1238 Eddy ' street, at 0 :30 a. m.
: By • order ¦ of the president,
MRS. MAX COHEN.
¦ MRS. S. MEYER. Sec. - • --¦ .
KANSEN— In * this ' city, November 2, 1901,
Harry Edward Hansen. beloved . son of Mr. '
and . Mrs. ' Christ Hansen, • and brother ' of
' Hannah M. - and the late Mary • A. Hansen.
a native of Norway, aged 43 years, and 15
'•-'days." '¦'-., -¦- ¦ " . ¦¦-¦:; '.. ' ,'---¦ . : ; '. .. .-
JUDGE— In this city", November 1, 1004, John
." J. "••¦ Judge. • beloved . husband of Susie Judge
. : (nee Blumenberg), a native of Ireland, aged
. 5(i years. ; • - i- -
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
.. fully invited to attend the funeral: to-morrow
(Friday), at. 2 p. m., from the parlors of
; A. ', W..- Martin - & Co.. 319 CFarrell street.
< Interment •' Holy Cross - Cemetery. ¦> by .3. -30
-•p. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.'
LARSEN — In . Black = Diamond. ; Contra ¦ Costa
..' County, ! November ; 2, 1004, George D.,> be-
. loved husband of Ada. L. Larsen, 1 and son of
¦ George and Dora - Larsen/ a native of Easton,'-
~ iPa.v nge<! 28 years 3 months and 17*days. '
MARTIN— On .November 2.-1904, E. J. Martin
, ;of San:' Ante nio,'; Tex. ~:
McO AHAN— In ' this - city, November ( 2, 1004.
beloved husband of the late Mary Me-
F. J. Monahan.";' Manager. ' ¦ •" Tel. Mission 31.
;M0N-_H^N^0;H__R_^?<SclC0<
' funeral' directors t and- emb almers. •
2339-2341^ Mission * St.*. v near Nineteenth,-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fFrHay). at 8:30 a. m..' from Jiis late resl-
- dance. 1605*4 Jones *treet. thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a requiem" high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy
• Cros3 Cemetery. .'
PHEMBSPER— In this city; November 2. 1904,
Gahan. and father of Katie A. McGahan
: and Mrs. R. Hoey, a native of County Louth.
Ireland, aged 82 years'. ¦
ETFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
William. Infant son of Kate and the late
* Walter S. Phemester. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1. month and 22 days. * •;."'.-•- ¦{¦ ""
REID — In this city, • November 1, 1904. John,
. beloved husband • of Mary Reid, and father
of Andrew J., -William J., Margaret F.. Isa-
bella, Rose E. and the late Julia Reid, &
native of Dragneda, County Meatb* Ireland,
aged 64 years. (Tuckahoe, N. Y.. and Ho-
v boken. N.J., papers- please copy.)
CyFriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ . (Thursday). November 3. at 0 a. m., from
his late residence, 521 Seventh street thence
to St Rose's Church services at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROEMER— In Los Gat~ November 1, 1904,
. Albert Julius Hoeroer, dearly beloved son
of Mr. and Mrs. C. Roemer, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 23 years 4 months and 18 days.
(E7Fritnda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' »ervices
to-day; November. 3, at 12 o'clock, at Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, where the body will
be cremated. Train leaves Fourth and Town-
streets at 11 a. m.
ROSENBERG — In Oakland. November 1. 1904.
Henrlette. beloved wife of Jacob Rosenberg,
and mother of Mrs. B. Wolff and David.
Samuel, Sara, Ella and JoseDhlne Rosen-
berg, a r.at!v« of Germany, aged 64 years 5
months and 26 days. t
(CTFrlends and acquaintance* ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 p. m.. at the fam-
ily residence. 1039 Linden street, Oakland.
. Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Kindly
omit flowers. * •
WATERS— A requiem high man will be said
for the repose of the aoul of Patrick Waters
Thursday, November 3, at 9 a. m., at St.
Patrick's Cl-urch.
WINSLOW— In this city. November 1. 1904.
George D. Winslow. beloved brother of Mrs.
William C. Hull, a native of San Francisco,
aged 45 years.
ZANDER— In San Jc«e. November 1. 1904.
Walter R.. beloved brother of Louis C,
William H.. John J.. James O. and Edmund
Zander, and , neDhew of James Hayden of
San Rafael, a native of San Francisco, aged
2S years and 1 month. A member of Bakers-
fleld Aerie No. 93, F. O. B.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will ba celebrated for the repese
of his soul at 10 a. m., Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 'a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
ST. DOMINIC S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
CIATION — The monthly requiem high mass
for the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung
In St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 a. m.
BT. JOSEPH'S UNION — Semi-annual maas for
the deceased members and deceased friends
of the living members will be celebrated In
St. Mary's Cathedral, on Thursday, Novem-
ber 3. at 10 a. m. Sermon will be delivered
by Rev. Father Rlordan. S. J.
aoo_rs roR HotrsrroeT:------- — con.
GEARYT, 1225 — Fine furnished rooms; reason-
able: choice neighborhood; all sunny.
GROVE. 32—3 connecting unfurnished rooms.
HAYES. 734 — 2 unfurnished rooms, with uy ol
kitchen. - - ;
HOWARD, 701 B— Two housekeeping rooms;- ]
front; $11. Call after 5 p. m.
JESSIE, S23 — Large sunny front room \ fur-
nlshed ; housekeeping; gas range; $3 25 week.
JONFS, 023. near Bush — Sunny housekeeping
suite. Including kitchen and gas; $27; also
back room; sunny; $14.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Thre»-
room sunny apartments; ateam heat; can, loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
. Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.
electric lighted; free baths: rates reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 1011, "near Green — 5 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms;- bath, phone;
fine marine view.
LIBERTY, 502. nenr Castro— Modern sunny
kitchen, dining-room, bath, etc,; warm belt;
$10. . ¦
MOSS, 13, off Howard, near Seventh — 2
rooms furnished for housekeeping; adults
only.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults. ;
PIERCE. 3014— Three sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; gas and bath; rent $15.
PINE. 1909. near Octavia— Unfurnished large
double parlors with kitchen; two and three
room elegantly furnished suites.
POST, 962— Sunny front «uite. $20; also plea»-
ant suites. $12. $14. $16; single rooms. $8.
SANCHEZ. 600 — Front bay-window sitting
room, alcove bedroom, kitchen; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 12ft— To let, 4 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; no children. .',
THREE sunny unfurnished rooms; housekeep-
ing; close In; McAllister Ft. Inquire 833
Market st. Elite Dermatology Institute.
TURK. 834 — 2 nicely furnished large rooms for
housekeeping; gas range; running water.
UTAH. 538, nr. 18th and Potrero ave.— House-
keeping In. sunny cottage; gas, sink, hot
and cold water.
VAN NESS ave., 1407— Newly furnished parlor
floor: will separate; other rooms, $6 up.
WILLOW ave., 8, off Larkin, near Eddy —
Lower floor. 3 hskpg. rooms; no children. .
APABTMXBTT HOUSES.
ET. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson — Marine view; 3-4-3
rooms; furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. Eart 1350.
BOOMS TO IiET— gnrn. and Unfnrn.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms: hot and cold
water: electric lights; only first-class house
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
I— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, SI 29 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
VT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. We. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night
3EAVER. 12— Furnished rooms, single or en
suite; 1 block from Castro car.
3ELMOND house: over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — ElectricFlour and Mlllstuffs.
- Dried Frultfl. Nnts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS — New crop— Apricots. 7%@10c - for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; ¦ Nectarines,
64©74c for -White and 64@7c for -Red;
Peaches, 74@84c per lb; ; Pears. 7@12e;
Plums, 6®64c for black, 74@8Uc
for red and 7@84c for'yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks .50c; 3- crown, 65c; 4-crown, 60c; 6
crown*. 65c;. bulk white 2%63c; black, 3'ic
Evaporated Apples. 5@7c per lb.
PRUNES — l«B@l%e-per lb for tbe four sizes
and 2>/tc basis for .the large sizes.
¦ RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b." Fr*sno — Im
perial clusters $2 2502 '50; Dehesa. $1 30@l 35:
London Layers. S5c@$l 10: Loose Muscatels. 4.
crown,. 44c: 3-crown, 3%c; 2-crown, • 3^c;
Seeded : 4@5Hc; Thompson's Seedless. 4%c;
Seedles'a Sultana*, • 3)»c per lb. " ._ • . .
.' . NUTS — New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12®
124c: No.~2, 10@104c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c:
No - 2 • 10c: Almonds. • 16@17c ' for Nonparlels,
14(gl44c for I XL.. 13^11c for. Ne Plus Ultra
and lie" for - Languedoc; Peanuts,-. 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans.' ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5;
Chestnuts, S®124c; per lb for California and
124@14c for Italian. • , ; .
HONEY — Comb. 11 4@13c for. white and 10®
lie for. amber; -water white extracted. 54@
6c; light, amber extracted. '5®54c: dark. 3®
44c ¦-''¦¦'- ','' "¦ '. ¦'' ' ', * *
BEEffW AX— 27029c per lb.' -
WEDNESUAT. Not. 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.1 . . ' Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 1064107 |4s qr cp new. 130% 131}!
4s qr reg... 1064107 |Ss ir- coup. . .104 H105
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — |Oak T Co 6s-12O 121
Asso Oil 5a. 79 — | Do 5s 112 113
Bay CPC 8s. 101410241 Do con 5s.lO3T* —
Cal C G 68.1024 — t Oceanic S 5s. — TO
Cal G &.E g |Om Cable 68.1204 —
m & ct 5s. 80% 81 JPae G Im 4s. — 67
Cal-st C 5s. 114 4 — |P B Ry 8*.. — 103
C C Wat 6s. — 9941 P & C H 6a.lO4 —
EdL & P 03.123 — ' P & O R 68.1144113
F & C H 6s. — — Powell-«t 6a. — ; —
Geary-st 5a.. 60 — Sac EGAR5».10O —
H CAB 54S.105 — SF * SJVSs.1184 —
Do 5s .... — — Sierra R 6». — —
Hon R T. 68.1044 — S P of A «i
L A Elec 5s. — 103U (1900) . 10834 —
.LA Ry CS..U34 — - (1910) 10»% —
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — (1905)8r A.101 101%
Do gtd Ss.101 1034 (1905)S r B. — —
LAP lem 5S.101 — (1006) .....104% —
Mkt-et C fis.116 — (1912) .....114 113
Do lcm 58.1164117 " SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
MV& MtT5s.lO5 110 Do sta.mpd.1074
NRK of C6«.10«!4 — 8 P B R 6S.134U1S94
Do 5s -....118 — S V Wat 6s.lO44 —
N P C R 6s.lO6«41O74 Do 4s 2dm. — 100%
N C Ry 5s. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 93% — ,
N C PC 5s. 98 100 Dog mtg4s K>4 —
N S R R 5s. — Stkn O*E6s. 03 —
OG L&H 5s. 110 U G & E 3S.102U —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 UR of SF4s.* 83k —
WATER STOCK3.
Contra Costa — 33 {Port -Costa.:. — , —
Marin Co... 58 61 |S V Wat Co. S9% »%
GAS AND EX,ECTRia
Cent L & P. 34 S%'S K O * B. 56% 87
Mutual EL-'IO 11 (Stkn O A E. — 3%
Pac L Co... 59% 6OV4IU G ft E Co. —
._ INSURANCE.'
Flrem's Fnd.310 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NtlBk..l2« 130 lL P & A.... 150 — .
Anglo-Cal .. 834 884 !Mer Trust..:. — 233
Bank of Cal. 423 4425 Merch Ex.... 30 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F National. — —
¦first Nationl — ' — I
8AV1NGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — , Sav & L So. . — 100
Hum S & L. — ."" — ' Seo Sav Bk.. — 4fJ
Mutual Sav. — 100 .. Union -T. Co.. — —
S F Sav U.615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California. ..1084190 (Presidio ..... 38 40
Geary ......— 40 I
POWDER. /
1 Giants...... 634 63%|Vlgorit — 44
SUGAR.
Hawaiian CW-.tn- Makaweli C. 274 28 ,
Honokaa S C I4?i 15 Onomea S C. 30 ai
Hutch SPC — 8% Paaunaq S C. 13?» —
KUauea S C 24 44 -
MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska P A. 0*% 9S«iJOceanlc S Co. 8H 3«i
Cal F C A. »9KlQ0r IFm An FA. *i» —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
CHICAGO. Nov. , 2.-Reassurlng advices re
garding Anglo-Russian affairs and lower prices
Jn foreign markets were the main cause of con
siderable nelling of wheat here .when trading
began. Opening quotations on both the De
cembor and May deliveries showed losses the
former being off %©%. at $1 n tt^ 11%? Ma?
was down S®4 to H&%, at $1 11)4©1 uu,
Bearish sentiment, however, survived only a
brief period. News from the Southwest was
extremely bullish, numerous reports of dam
age by Hessian files and drought being re
ceived from various .sections of the winter
wheat belt. 8oras of the messages from Kan
sas were radical, declaring that the condition
of- tbe growing crop Is the .worst ever ex
perltnced ln Ihat region. In addition to the
poor showing claimed for the new crop the
movement or wheat from the farms continued
to diminish in volume. Arrivals in the North
west to-day were considerably less than last
year, while the total primary receipts were
about 20 per cent smaller than those of tha
corresponding day a year ago.
From the start shorts wer- active buyers De
cember steadily advanced until it reached
*I 134 and May reached $1 12%. Sentiment in
the pit then suddenly shifted to the bear side
During- llw latter part or the session tradinc
showed less animation, and the market lost al
most all of the early advance. The cause of
the Changs ln sentiment waa ' a report of ¦ a
local crop statistician,* stating that the condi
tion Of winter wheat In Ohio. Indiana, Illinois
Missouri and Kansas is | not so bad as a year
ago. . The market closed barely steady and
practically unchanged, with December at
SI 124 anJ May at $1 U!,Q>1 12.
In corn trading was mostly local. December
closed Ue lower at 489»'g4S4c. . , -.--
Oats were dull. December clewed unchanged
at 2S«ic '„ - . -7. s?: , ._.*_•¦
Provisions were strong from start to finish
Buytns; by a big packer caused an early ad
vance and covering by shorts later In the ses
sion lifted prices still higher. Tbe market was
helped by a small run of hogs at the yards. At
the close January pork was up 20c,* lard ud 5®
7%c and ribs 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
-'.Wheat No. 2— . - . . '
December ...... 1 11% 1 134 1 114 1 12Vi
May..;..'. 1114 112%. 111U/111U
July ../:.....-... 07 . oog 97 M
Corn Ifc. 2— - , -
December 48% 48% 48% ,• 48^4
May ........... 45* 45# 43*2 r «4
July-.....'...... 45$i 43%: - 45«i • 45i|
Oats No. 2— ,-- '*
December , 28% 29 2S4 26^
May...'. 31 814 SOT4 .. 31&
July ........... 31 314 30!i. 31&
'Mw Pork, per bbl— - .,%, , .'!"
'January ........12 424 W 674 12 424 12 674
iUy ....... ...ATM - 12 624 12 524 12 S7%
Lard.- per 100 lbs— _> . * .
January ....... 7 07U .7 174 ,7 074 7 124
May;...-- 7 12j{ 7, 23 7 -17^ .7224
Short Rib«. ¦ per 100 lbs— - . - - - . /*
January ...... .'fl 45 655 6 45 6 624
May. ........'6 CO* 6 674 6 CO ' C 63
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
u i'US 0 *" 1 »** M * fn G1 «W and 49s ln
Middlesboro. Locally iron was firm, and South
ern prices higher on the issuing price No 1
Northern foundry. $15@15 60; No. 2 Northern
foundry. $14 &U©15; No. 1 Southern foundry and
No. 1 Southern foundry soft, $14 SOg-15 50.
NEW iORK, Nov. 2.— THe London tin mar
ket reports further gains, with spot closing
£131 15« 9d and futures £131 5s 24? Locally
the market was firm at $28 874S29 174
Copper was higher in London, closing 'at £63
10s for spot and £62 17s tid for futures. Lo
cally the market Is firm in tone. Lake $13 ti-'M,
&%S&S£?. $13 * 2 * m3 87 *:
Lead, unchanged, at £12 12s 6d in London
and at $4 20Q* 45 in the local market -
s.Sl* l }? r Bnchan « (1 ln both markets, closing
Y k London and $5 35@S'4O in New
New York .Metal 3Iarket.
GRAPES — Table varieties. 6OJJ75C for
orates, 3Og50c for small boxes . and ?1@1 00
for open boxes.' . -'¦¦
CITRUS FRUTTS — Oranges. $4®4 60 per
box for Valenclas and $3@3 73 for Navels;
Lemons. $2 S0<@3 for fancy. $1 50*92 25 for
choice and $101 50 for standards; Grape Fruit.
$2 50@3;- Mexican Limes. :$4@4 50 per casa;
Bananas $2$3 per bunch for Central American
and $1@2 ; for Hawaiian: Pineapples. $2 G0@4
per dozen.
The Apple market was weak. for high grade
fruit, which constituted the bulk of the offer
ings, and several dealers were shading their
prices on the best imported stock in order to
effect clearances. Tbe car of Spltaenberge that
came In from Oregon on Tuesday was sold
out at $1 65 pe r box, 10c less than the original
asking price. Medium and low grade Cali
fornia Apples were well cleaned up, and deal
ers were expecting a scarcity of that class of
goods. . Receipts yesterday were about 7000
boxes, chiefly Oregon fruit. Pears, Persim
mons and Pomegranates - were eteady at pre
vious prices while Quinces were very dull.
Grapes were In moderate . receipt and prices
showed but slight change, although the de
mand was less urgent than on the preceding
day. The top quotation for large boxes was
obtained only for selected lots of the Muscat
variety $1 25 being tbe ruling price for the
general market. Citrus - and Tropical fruits
were moderately active, and Valencia Oranges
were held at higher ratea. New crop Navels
arrived rather freely from several sections and
sales of . well colored stock were reported at
an advance. New Se«dlln?s were offered at
$2@2 2.1 per box and met wtth a fair demand.
and attractive lots of new Grape Fruit found
ready sale at $3. . . *
STRAWBERRIES— $709 per chest for Long
worths and $2@3 for the large varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4©7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5©7c pe r lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $8@S 50 per bbl
for Early Black and $10010 50 for Late Howe;
Coos Bay $24?2 75 per box. ¦
APPLES — $1 63 for extra fancy, $10
1 23 for ordinary fancy. 63@U0c for choice and
30<!J50c for common. •
PEARS— Winter Nellls, $1@1 25 per box;
cooking varieties. 4(Vg"3c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 60c@$l I per box.
' . POMEGRANATES— 40©60c for - email and
$153 1 73 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 20@40c per box.
FIGS— 50c£$l per box. •
Deciduous and Ci tints Fruits.
The last Installment of 50 per cent, or $30 per
share, on the subscriptions to the new Issue of
S40.OliO.000 preferred stock of the Southern Pa
cific Company will be payable on or before De
cember 1. 1904. *
California-street Cable Railroad stock was
quoted ex-dlvldend of 73 cents per share yes
terday under the new rule.
The Orr Water Ditch Company of Reno,
New, has levied an assessment of $3 per share
on the capital stock, delinquent November 30.
Quarterly Interest will be payable to-day on
the 6 per cent bonds of the Edison Light and
Power Company.
Yesterday was another colorless day in local
stocks, trading being merely fair. Alaska
Packers sold at I9S&US 50. There was some
talk In the afternoon about the North Shore
Railroad not meeting the interest on its 5 per
cent (1942) bonds November 1, but as the com
pany lias six months in which to pay it in.
and I10O0 of the bonds themselves sold at a
slight advance over the preceding day's quo
tation, the matter attracted no great amount
of attention.. The bonds in October ranged at
|101©101 CO, and yesterday's sale was at
$99 75. against $99 50 bid on Tuesday. The
amount of bonds outstanding is $3,500,000, and
the interest is payable seml-annually.
The oil and mining stocks were quiet and
rather weak than otherwise.
Quiet Day.
Local Stocks and Bonds Have Another
STOCK MARKET.
December— No sales; $1 09% bid. $1 00% asked.
Open, High. Low. Bid.
May ........ $1 09%;$r00K *1 09& $1 0»*
OATS— -Choice clipped Washington White are
offering on 'Change at $1 55 and Washington
Surprise at 11 65@1 CO. Advices from Port
land say that no Eastern Oats have yet ap
peared tn that market, but that If sellers be
come too stltt to let go . buyers will go East
for supplies'- This market shows no change.
White *1 '40@l 564: Surprise. |1 56@1 60;
Red for feed. 11 324©1 45 for -No. 1 and
J1224@130 for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
II 4'i4@l 60: Black. $1 3(Kfl 33 for. feed and
$1 43O1 60 for seed. %
CORN— New Western Yellow is expected to
he on thla market in about two weeks. Other,
wise there is nothing new. • .
Western sacked, *V45@1 50 for Yellow. |1 45
@1 50 for White and $1 45 for Mixed; Califor
nia -- large * ¦ Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small round
do- 11 CS01 624: White, nominal; Egyptian.
|l"35®l 45 for Whlta «nd. 11 2501 30 . for
Brown. '
RYE— $137401 424 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 par ctl.
2 p. m. Session.
Feed. $1 0r.fi 1 124; Brewing and Ship
ping. II 15.31 174: Chevalier, fl 17}*@1 224
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. . i High. Low. ' Close.
December ..$1 004 »1 09% , $1 094 $1 0»%
May 1 09 ,1 09% 1 09 \1 09%
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 434. *1 43>4 .$1 434 $1 434
May .144% 1A4T4 1 44T4 144%
BARLET — Futures were rather higher, with
some trading at the advance. The cash grain
was in fair demand and steady. Brewing con.
tinuea dull, as several of the large malt houses
are- running on reduced time, and one '.a about
to shut down. .-
CASH BARLET.
2 p. m. Session,
- Open. High. . Low. Close.
December ..$1 43% $1 43T4 51 43V« $1 43^
May 1 45V4 1 45^ : 1 44% 144%
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
• California Club. $1 45ifl 62>4: California
White Australian, $1 55~@1 C2^; Northern
Club. $1 45@1 52 V,; Northern Bluestem, $1 60
@1 GiV, per ctl. . .'
CASH WHEAT.
"Market opened lower, tn sympathy with
Liverpool cables, but received support from
continued reports of droughty condition
through winter wheat regions and Heasian fly.
BroomhaU'* cable, reporting rumor, of duty to
be taken oft* by Spain on wheat early In 1905.
possibly added to early strength. Strength in
July option frightened the shorts into cover
ing causing a sudden bulge."
In this market futures were weak and quiet,
with more liquidation in December. The cash
grain was unchanged.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower.
Chicago was erratic, declining from $1 12%
to (1 11% recovering to $1 l."!i and falling
back to %\ 12%. The war scare was con
sidered over, but decreasing receipts and in
creasing reports of damage by Hessian • fly
caused a strong tone.
The Chicago wires of B. F. Hutton A Co.
'said:
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — ,$4 84J,
Sterling Exchange_sight ........ _— 4 87H
Sterling Exchange. "cabres'". .-.r*. — : 4 88V*
New York Exchange, sight ....-.;' — 07 Y*
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ' 10
Silver, per ounce •':•.••••• 7^^ b A*
Mexican Dollars • • • • 45# @ 48 .
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris ......'. 5.15
New York on Mexico 215^
Paris on London 25.12
Berlin on London 20.35%
Exchange andi Bullion.
LOCAL.
;;; . Receipts of Produce. .
- \ FOR -WEDNESDAY,' NOVEMBER 2~ *" '
Flour' o.r Rk.i. ..24,212 Feed, sks «r
Wheat. ctU 823 Leather rolls... Ill
Barley, ctls. ..... 7,173 HWes, No.. ...... -683
Oats, etls ...2.9.32 Pelts. No .... 210
Corn (West), ctls 600 Lime. bbls........ 182
Beans, sks 2.853 Paper, rms 177
Potatoes, sks.... 4,759 Wine gals 92,200
Onions, sks 26 Tallow, ctls. ..... 3
Bran, sks 800 Sugar. «tls....;.. 1,380
Middlings, sks .. 1.0B5 Quicksilver flaks. 5
Hay. tone 826lRaIslns. bxs S.600
Hops, bales .... 54'Broomcorn, bdls.. 190
Wool, bales .... 136|Brandy. gals 23
NEVADA. ?
Flour, qr «ks... 623|
OREGON.
Wool, bales..... 4|
LOCAL) MARKETS.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 22&«j:23c
for extras and -OfiUlU-c for lower to medium
grades; .dairy. • 17©20c; cold storage. 20@23c;
store Butter 14@16c; Eastern cubes. 18g22}$c;
Eastern ladle-packed, 13@16c.
CHEESE^ — 12@12^c for choice mild new
and lOfjllc for old; cold storage, lO'-iGllc;
Young America*. ll%@12c; Eastern, 10015c
per lb. . .
EGOS — Ranch, 45c for large white selected,
4214044c for good to choice, and 36®40c for
common; cold storage, 25@30c; store, nominal;
Eastern. 25@27c for choice. 22®24c for stand
ard* and 19{|21c for seconds.
The _ Butter market broke badly again yes
terday* and the . street was . thoroughly de
moralized. Thus far the decline,, sharp- aa it
has been, has failed to extend' the anticipated
relief, and the goods are as alow of sal* as
they - were when the ¦ market was 6c or 7c,
higher. Stocks . are excessive and dealers are
sending their' salesmen everywhere to find
buyers.
Cheese continues in good shape for sellers,
stocks being moderate. - ¦ ¦ -
Eggs are steady at the advance, with choice
ranch still cleaned up.
Receipts were 48,000 lbs Butter 534 cases
Eggs and 22.800 lbs Cheese. •
Butter, Cheese and Ea:gs.
Cal Wine A. 76 TO?i!Pac C Bont.156 137^
MV4 MtTm. —.105 I Pac 3 Tel Co. — 111
SALES.
Morning Session.
FToard — ¦
5 Alaska Packers' A»n... 9S 25
83 Alaska Packer*' Asan 88 CO
10 Anglo-Cal Bank JMJ CO
. $5,C00 CG&EOM&CT 5*» »0 73
5 Giant Powder Con 63 30
100 Honokaa S Co 14 73
6 P S T & T Co ex-rights 110 50
* 6 P S T & T Co. ex-rlghta 110 0»
200 S F Gas & Electric 37 0O
20 S F Gas & Electric..: 57 12t|
70 Spring Valley Water Co 39 23
Street —
262 Marin Co Water (B 13) «n PO
$1,000 North Shore 3*« 99 T5
Afternoon Session.
Board —
? 25 AlafEa Packen' Awn 8S 00
5 Alaska Packen' Assn OS 23
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 9S 30
$4.0CO C O & E O M & CT 3'» 90 73
10O Hawaiian C & S (B 10) «1 25 . '
100 Hawaiian C *S (B 10) 68 SO
$2,000 Hawaiian C & S 3's .....10<> CO
50 Honokaa S Co 14 97»4
25 Makawell 27 73
5 Makaweli 27 S7U
., 50 S FGm 4 Electric 67 0O
J3.000 S P A S J V 5's ...113 80
$2.(100 Spring Valley «'» .......104 62U
<t /S ?. pr * n * Y** Xey w «"*r Co 39 23
f*-&5 United R-R of S F 4's 83 37H
$8,000 United RRo(8F *m......... 83 23
Street —
$1,000 S P ox C «'» 0908. 3 A) .101 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. . ; " *
SfU^ 6 .«" 113 « — S P Co 4HS-101U —
&, c i w wk&^ ,5
SF Drdk 53.112 — Suttr-st R5..104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co 23 LonA SF Bk. - 60
Amer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nav Ca TO —
£ a f £i l J. tlls S2 — Nev Nat **¦**> —¦
Cal G&ECor. SO — NSRRCa »« -
C Jockey CL — 112*4! N Cal P Co.. 9\ —
Cal Powder.130 145 JOak Bk S*t 120 — ¦
Cal Ship Cft— 21 I oak T Con.. 75 —
CalT I & T— 133 IlOOF Hall A «% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 73 lOrpheum Co. — Mtt
Chutes Co .. — 5% PacC Cas Co.135 —
City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — «H Par&T Paint.. 39 —
EastDynm.. — 873 S F Drydock. — «3
DptPwd pfd — 83 SP&SJ Coal. 11XL 20
Do com ..40 SO S J Wat C0.103U —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — ISO A MTttbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 70o — Swiss- A Bfc..ll3 — '
Frnch-A Bk.107 115 Truck Elect.. 11% —
Gas con A.. lSft 19%IUR IaC pfd. 59t2 —
! Ho °o P Co.. — 28 j Do com ... 12& —
Morning Session.
Board —
$1,000 S PA XPRyV, 112 60
Afternoon Session.
IllilslEEEiii
Street —
600 Fischer- Rebxnann T Co 75
California Oil Exchange.
Caribou 7 m
Chicago Crude M "jo
Claremont 75 ****
%£??* - •* —¦ 183"OO
xiome ....................... (A 71J •
Independence zi
Kern River 1100 ".'
Monte Criato «« "^k
Occidental of- West Va. *. as A*
Senator so
Sterling j'jo 400
Superior j«
Toltec "io ¦
Twenty-Eight 1050 li'oO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 23 1 50
Fischer's Theater 75
SALES.
Board— ? I ° rBln= Sc *" lon *
21.923 Associated Oil ..................... _
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Twenty-Efeht Oil 10 (¥>
1000 Monte Crieto 70
Street —
5O Home ; i..... 65
3Ilnins Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCd STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
400 Andes 23i 1W Mexican 123
100 Best A Bel...l 051 100 Mexican 1 2tt
200 Bullion 1S{ 200 Ophi r 2 4O
' 60O ChoUar .... M\ 100 Savage a*
700 Con Cal A V.I 75; 100 Savage zt
100 Confidence .. 82! 2t*» Seg Belcher.. 07
2S0O Con Imperial. 01 10© Union Con.;.. 40
J00O Con N T 031 2tx> Union Con ... 41
200 Crown Point. 081
Afternoon Session — Coxnstocks.
10O Andes ....... 23j 100 Goxfld tc Curry 13'
3UO Belcher 23! 100 Gould A Curry II
2UO Best A Bel...l 10| 2OO Ophlr 2 45
2t>0 Con Cal A V.I 73; 200 Potosi ....... 12
10O Crown Point. 07j 10O Savage . . 23
1000 Con Imperial. 01} 40(7 Scorpion OS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. \ Bid. Ask.
Alpha 14 13 t Julta 07 Ot*
Alta 04 I*'. Justice 05 OfJ
Andes 23 26 : Kentuck 03 O\
Belcher 23 2fi Lady Washing 02 O*
Best A Belch. 1 OS 1 10;Mexlcan ......1 25 1 SO
Bullion 19 2Oj Occidental ... 74 7*
Caledonia ... 37 WlOphir 2 45 2 SO
Challenge ... 19 20|Overman 14 15
Chollar 19 20 Potosi 12 1.1
Confidence .. 80 83 (Scorpion 08 1O
Con Cal A V.I 73 1 *>0: Savage 2S 29
, Con Imperial. 01 02 s«< Belcher... 07 C9
Con N T 04 to Sierra N«r... » 20
Crown Point. 07 0S'Silv«r Hill.... 49 SI
1 Kureka Con.. — 5Oi3t. Louis...... 08 10
Exchequer .. 42 47!Syndlca'-« .... OS 03
E.SIerra Nev. 03 05 Union ffm...'. 40 41
Gould A Cur. 13 14 Utah 04 00
Hale A Nor.. 70 71 Yellow Jacket IS 20
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Momin.sr Session.
10O Gold Mohawk 201 100 Ton Extra. . . .1 *>
200 Gold Mohawk 19 100 Ton Belmonf. 73
200 McNamara .. 231 400 Ton Midway..- 37
600 Mont Ton..l S7%| 300 Ton N Star... 1»
IOOO N T Ton Con 10| 600 Ton Ohio 30
-.. . '. Afternoon Session.
1,000 Jumbo Ext. lS'lOOO Rescue 10
18,500 McNamara.. 23 f 40«> Monf Ton...l 87U.
4,000 Do (B 90).. 2411100 Ton Belmont. 71
1.000 N T Ton C 101 500 Ton N Star... 19
500 Qulncy .... 11 1 J 000 Ton Ohio 30
400 Ray A O*B. 07! 100 Ton of N»v.9 13Ji
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Toncpah.
Bld.Ask.} BldAsk.
Ton of Ner.. — » MRocue 09 K»
Mont Tbn...l 85 1 95! Ray A CBti. — o?
Ton Exten -.1 83 2 00| Paymaster ... 02 03
McNamara .. 22 24jLlttle Tonopah 30 —
Ton Midway. 3« 40tE«p«ra_a ... 01 03
Ton Belmont 71 75 Golden Anchor 20 —
Ton N Star.. 19 SOiQuincy l\ _
Wat End — 17 N Y Ton Con. 10 —
Ton Gold Mt. IS 20{
GoldScld. . ¦ '
Sandstorm . . 19 24} Jumbo 49 — •
Red Top .... 12 14 Jumbo Z^rtcn. 1» —
Goldfleld Mhk — WIGoldfleld ..... — - 8T
TONOPAH M3NINO EXCHANCJE.
Following wera the rales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange y«starday :
Morning Session.
200 Bunker H01..1 43[100O McNamara ... 24
2000 Jumbo 42| 100 Ton Belmont. 79
1300 McNamara ..23 SO Ton Midway.. 37
1000 McNamara .. 22 1
Afternoon Session. ,
250 C Eureka.. 1 42H 60 Jumbo ....... 45
700 Gold&eld .... S3 10O Mont Ton IPO
2500 Ooldfleld .... 56 500 NT Ton Con. 10
SCO Jumbo Ext. . 19 SCO Paymaster ... C3
1000 Jumbo Ext.. 20( 600 Tern Belmont. *• 72
1900 McNamara .. 2311000 Ton Belmont. 7.1
»400 McNamara .. 22 j 200 Ton Midway.. 37
10CO McNamara .. 2t 500 Ton A Cal.... 20
2000 Jumbo ... 43f
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask! . Bill. Ask.
Adams 0» lOtMont Ton 1 87H
Black Butt* . 19 — NT Ton OS 04
Blue Bull — 281NTTCon..^ 10 1J
Booth ......V 10 — iPaymastsr :..* 02" 03
Dlamondfleld. — 42iQuincy 11 —
Esp*ran_ .. — 01 (Ray Exten ... — ON
Ooldfield BAB — 14'Hay A O'Brien «6
GoWfleld Dia — 20tRay Ton .... — 14
Goldfleld G B — 20!Red Top 12 13
Goldfield of N 56 — (Rescue f» 10
Goldfleld Mhk — 23iRothwoll 10 —
Goldfleld R L 05 .... Id :. 26
Goldfleld S P — lSITon Belmont. 72 73
Goldfleld Ton — HIT A Calif. . ..'. 20 —
G Mountain C " — 02. Ton Cash Boy "12
H K Ooldfleld — 121 Ton Extension — 1 SO
J Butler Ton 43 601 Ton G Mtn... 17 . 19
Jumbo ...... 45 — (Ton Midway. ...38 37
'Jumbo Exten 13 20' Ton of Ner.» 12H 9 23
Little Ton ..30 —(Ton if Star... 18* 17
Lky Tom Con. — MM Vernal' of O.. W 10
McNamara .. 24 — I West End ... IS 14
SEATTLE, Nov. 2.— Clearings. $924,456; bal-
TACOMA* Nov. 2. — Clearings, $515,188; bal-
PORTLANb. Nov. 2.— Clearings, $709,709;
balances, f «0,893.' -
SPOKANE, Nov. 2.— Clearings, $001,735;
balance*. $1*0,309.
Northern Business.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues easy, with futures offering below epot
quotations. Common, 2®4%c; prime. 4@4Uc
choice, 5%6«c; fancy, «©ti&c.
PRUNES— Are arriving a little more freely
from the coast, but as these shipment* are
mostly contracted for there is no additional
pressure on the tpot market, which rules
firm at prices ranging from 2c to Stic ac
cordlnr to rrade. . :..-.'...
APRICOTS— Unchanged. Choice, 9H@l0c
extra choice, 10%©10^c: fancy, ll®15c?
PEACHES — Unchanged at SV*€?SV4c for
choice, »^@10c for extra choice and 12c for
fancy.
BUTTER— Very firm. Street price, extra
creamery. 22@23c; creamery held extra, 21 &@
CHEESE— Steady.
EGGS— Steady.
DRIED FRUITS I
The market for Coffee futures closed steady.
Sales, 22,710 bales. Including December at
6.80c; March, 7.05c; May, 7.30c; July, 7.45c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong. Fair refining, 3»i@
3%c: centrifugal 06 test, 3?je; Molasses sugar
Z\i%Z^c. Refined, firm.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,000; exports. 28,000. Market showed slight
ly improved demand and was steadier.
WHEAT— Receipts, none. Sales, 3,900.000
bushels futures. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, $1 19%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 24&
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 07fe
f. o. b. afloat. From opening depression, due
to ' more peaceful foreign news, wheat rallied
on a scare of December ehorts, together with
small Northwestern receipts, damage reports
from the Southwest, milling demand and Ar
mour buying. Later prices yielded to realiz
ing and closed only half a cent net higher on
December, while May was He net lower; May,
$1 12*i©l 13T4. closed $1 13X»; December.
$1 16H©1 17%, closed $1 17Vi.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL. — Firm.
HIDES-^Steady: " ' -
PETROLEUM— Steady. ¦ ' - ,
COFFEE— Spot RlOi qutet; No. ¦ 7 invoice,
8?ic; mild, quiet. . :
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Nov. 2.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 89c; club, S5c.
Northern Wheat Market. ;
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 2. — WHEAT — For export:
Walla Walla. 8l6S2c: bluestem, 84@85c: val
ley, 86®S7c. For Eastern markets: Walla
Walla. 84c; bluestem. 87c.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— Cotton futures opened
strong; November, 0.53c; January, 9.90c;
March, 10.02c; April, 10.05c; May, lQ.OSc;
June. 10.08c; July, 10.11c.
Futures closed steady; December 9.81c;
January. 9.89c;. February-, 9.95c; March. 10.01c;
April, 10.04c; May, •10.09c; June, 10.07c.
Spot cotton closed steady, 15 points advance;
middling- uplands, 10.15c: middling gulf, 10.40c.
Xew York Cotton Market.
The Poultry market had a weak tone, with
only large young stock receiving much at
tention. No more Western came In. but a good
portion ¦. of Tuesday's receipts were still on
hand and met with a sluggish demand.- Game
arrived freely and; as offerings were generally
in good condition, prices were well maintained.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old, 14@16c per
lb for Gobblers and 16@lSc for Hens; , young
Turkeys, 20<@23c sper lb; Geese, per pair, $1 50
@2; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks, $4 50®6 per
dozen for old' and $566 for' young; liens,
$4 50@5 for small and $5 50^6 for large; young
Roosters, $5 50®6; old Roosters. $434 50; Fry
ers $404 50; Broilers. $2 50®3 50; Pigeons.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3@6 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3<gfl: Teal, $2@2 50; Sprig $2@
2 60: Widgeon, $1 50© 1 75: Red Heads. $2@
$2 60; small Ducks. $1 60; Gray Geese,$3@3 50;
White Geese, $1 60®2; Brant. $1 60S2 50;
Honkers. $3{?5; Snipe, $3 for English and
$1 60 for common; Doves. $1€?1 25; Hare, $1 50
61 75; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 50
for Brush. .
Poultry and Game.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS, Nov. 2. — Wool, steady. Medium
grades combing and clothing, 20@22c; light
fine 16ig21c; fine, 13@17c; tub washed, 23@
37%c. , - ' ¦• '
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150, 000. 000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $144,862,552; gold, $62,391,020.
Condition of the Treasury.
, Fpreism Futures.
: LIVERPOOL
Wheat — Dec." March. Majr
Opening .... 7 4>4 7 5% 7 4%
Closing '... ~l*g ls 75 % " 70
Wheat— Jan.-April
Opening. Holiday.
Cloelns
Flour—
.......................
Closing
MISCELLANEOUS. MARKETS.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 8.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. «c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.90c; Confectioners' A 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C, 5.50c- Golden C
5.40c; "D." 3.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 60c more; 50- lb bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels'
6.50c; boxes. 8.75c; H. 8c E. Crystal Dominos,
9c per lb. • No orders taken ¦ for less than
seventy- five barrels or its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead 7%©
7*ic per lb: white Lead.. 7H©7%c. according
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19%c; Astral 13^c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 28c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline in bulk.
16c; in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; In
cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bullr 25c;
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags S5@5 25; San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags 30@32c: Fleece Twine. 7%c;
! Fruit Bags, 6&@7%c for white and 7c fox
j brown Jute.
COAL — Wellington, |8 per "ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, %S 50; Bryant, $0 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 60; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay,
$5 60; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13 la
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke,
$11 60Q13 per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 60 per short
tan.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 63c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10©l 12: Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut» cases.
€5<gS0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels,
58c foe Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter. Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c;. extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish OIL 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c
Bar silver steady. 20;&d per ounce. Money,
1^63 'per' cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is 2% per cent and
for three months' bills Is 2?i©2% per cent.
Do 2d pfd 62 Do pfd -.83%
Illinois Central.. 148 Wabash ". £2
Louis & Nash.... 137 Do pfd 44
M. K A T 31 ii Spanish 4a 88^
N Y Central 137%
Cons for money. S7%| Norfolk & West.. 73%
Do for acct.S7 13-16 Do pfd 83
Anaconda 6 H Ontario & West.. 43 %
A t chiron Sc Vs Pennsylvania .... - 70
Do pfd .... 104 Rand Mines 10%
Bait & Ohio 96Vi Reading 37%
Canadian Pac. T.. 131% Do 1st pfd :. 45
Ches & Ohio 4S% Do 2d pfd...... 41
Chi Gt W 24 Southern Ry .... 33
C. M & S P 176 Do pfd 97
De Beers 18 Southern Pac C2U
Denver & Rio Gr 31 Union Pacific 112^
Do pfd 84 Do pfd 97H
Erie 39 % U 8 Steel. 21%
London Closing Stocks.
There were heavy receipts of Tomatoes, and
prices ranged lower, with old and poor stock
offering below the minimum quotation. String
and Wax Beans continued plentiful and dull,
while good Ltmas were firmer.. The other
vegetables stood about as previously quoted.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 40®
70c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 30 per ctl ;
River Reds, 75<gS5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes,
75c@$l per ctl.
ONIONS — $1 25@1 75 per -ctl.
VEGETABLES — String ' and Wax Beans.
l@2c per lb; Lima Beans, 4@6c per
lb; Tomatoes 20@40c per box; Summer
Squash. S5c©$l per box; Cabbage. 60c p«r
ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 40@50c
per box; Garlic, 4%6?4V4c per lb: Egg Plant.
25@40c per box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green
Okra. eo@75c per box; Green Peppers. 25@50c
per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash.. $10
@12 per ton for round lots. \
Receipts of Onions were very light and the
market ruled firm at higher prices under a
good speculative and shipping demand. Re
ports from Oregon say. that the crop In that
State I will be light, and a firm market Is ex
pected for the balance of the season.. The
situation in Potatoes was unchanged, the mar
ket still being glutted with river Burban^s.
A freshly .arrived car of Sweets met with
ready sale, at tbe top quotation, while old
lots 'were still .'offering freely at 75@S5c per
cental. ... . ' . - - -.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
: Thero is no further change la Beans. The
receipts, yesterday, were 2853 sacks. They
have been decreasing steadily for some days.
• BEANS— Bay os. $2 75@3; Pea $3 10®3 25:
Butters $2 75@3: small White, $3 15©;< 35:
largo White. . $2 40®2 65; Pink. 52 75@3 25
for dry: Red $4 25@4 f>0; Lima, $4 101*4 20;
Red Kidneys; $4 50®4 75; - Blackeyes, J2 60®
2 70 per ctl ; Horse Beans. $1 83@2 40. *
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 75@3; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax. $2@2 75; Canary. 6%
@7c; Alfalfa, 15%®16%c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Timothy 5%c; Hemp. 3Vi@3%c per lb; Millet.
2%©3Hc: Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75®2 60; Green
Peas. $1 76@2 60 per ctl.. . . -
Beans and Seeds:
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40{J
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
. CATTLE— 6teer«.~7*i@7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. &tt@fl%c; thin Cows 4g5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c Per lb (gross weight.)
¦ SHEEP— Wethers. 3H@3-^c; Ewes. 3$3U«
per lb (gross weight.)
. LAMBS — $2 6OS2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live- Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4%e:
200 to 250 lbs. 4i^c; 130 lbs and tinder. 4Hc
over 250 lbs. 4 Vic; soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per certt off,
and Stags. 40 per cent oS from above quota
tions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealess
are . -is follows: ..
BEEF — 5S7c for Steers and 4©5o per It
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 5%S"c; small. 7S9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®7%c; Ewes. 6@7c pei
pound. ¦ '- -.."¦?¦
LAMB— S@9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6©Sc per Ih.
>-Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Nov. 2.— CATTLE— RecelpU, 7200;
steady to stronger; native «teers, $3 75i3>6 75;
cows and heifers, $2 50@3 75; s WesUrn steem,
$2 90®4 60- Texas steere, $2 75®3 75; range
cows and heifers, $2 25®3 30: canners, $1 75®
2 15: stockers and feeders, $2 25^3 90; calves,
$365 50; bulls and stags, $1 75@3 40.
HOGS — Receipts. 6500; steady; heavy, $4 80®
4 95; mixed. $4 82VS@4 S3; light, *4 80@4 90;
pigs $4 40®4 75; bulk of sales, $4 82^@
4 $714. i >: '""Vi ¦ ¦
. SHEEP— Receipts, 14.000: steady to strong;
Western yearlings. $4@4 25; wethers, $3 S0#
4 25- ewes, $3 40@3 90; common and stockers,
$2 60@4 10; lambs. $4 75#S .60.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov.' 2.— CATTLE—
Receipt* 14,000; steady; native steere, $3 5Og)
6 25- native cows and heifers. $2 25@4; bulls.
$1 75®3 25;, calves, $2 25@5 75; Western
steers, $3ii?4 60; Western cows. $1 60®>3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 14,000; steady; bulk of
sales, $4 70^5 05; heavy, $5S5 10; packers,
|4 85@5 05; pigs and light. $4 40®4 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000: steady; muttons,
$3 50®4 10; lambs. $4 25@5 75: range wethers.
53 50<S4 40- ewes, $2 75®3 60: Utah ewes, 101
lbs $8 55; Utah wethers, 88 lbs, $4 05.
¦ CHICAGO Nov. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 19,
000- Texans 4000; Western, steady to 10c
higher; good to prime steers, $5 00@7; poor to
medium. $3 75@5 SO: stockers and feeders,
S2@4 10: cowf, $1 50S4-15;-, heifers, fl 75©
4 26; manners. $1 25@2 25; bulls, $1 75®4:
calves, ?3®6 75. ' -
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 20,000; to-morrow,
19,000; 65 higher; m!*wd and butchers, $4 SO®
5 20; good to choice heavy. $4 95#5 30; rough
heavy, $4 60@4 90; light, $4 75@5 06; bulk of
sales. $4 85® 3 05. _^ • w
'¦ SHEEP— Receipts, 22,000: sheep strong.
Iambs steady; good to choice wethers $4 25-9
4 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 50^4 10; West
ern sheep. $3®4 40; native lambs, $4@5 85;
Western lambs, $4(3« 65.
Kansas City. «
Chicago.
CATTLE, 'SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO, Nov.. 2.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm:
creameries. 15@23c: dairy. 13%@18^c. Eggs,
firm at mark. 1G%@1S%c; firsts. l»<=:,P r » me
firsts 22c extras, 24c. Cheese, easy, 10@10^c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— . lUS Steel' 21>4
Call loans- 2@3| Do pfd ........ 70&
Time loans i@$ Westing Common. S*
Bonds — Mining —
Atch is ....102 Adventure 4%
Do adj 4s. 93 W AUouez .......... 14V»
Mex Central 4s.. e» Amalgamated .... 23%
Railroads — American' Zinc... 12 ij
Atchteon ; S6% Atlantic 16%
Do pfd .: 101%|Blngham 34
Boston & Albany. 231 Calumet & Hecla.610
Boston & Maine. 164 Centennial 29%
Boston Elev 132^ Copper Range..:. 64*4
Fitchburg pf d... 133 . Daly West ...11%
Mexican Cent.... 17% Dominion Coal.... OS
N r. N H A H.. 193^4 Franklin H>£
Pere Marquette.. »tJ Grancy 3%
Union Pacific 110% Isle- li^yale 28>i
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 7 '4
Amer Arge Chem. 1SH Michigan 10
Do pfd ........ 80 Mohawk 64U
Amer Pneu Tube. 6% Montana C & C. 5%
Amer Sugar 145H Old Dominion .... 27*.
Do rfd 136 Osceola G2
Amer Tel & Tel. 14841 Parrot 29U
Amer Waolen ... l^HIQulncy 104
Do pfd M^ISbannon "%
Dom Iron & S.. . U | Tamarack 124
Edison Elee 111.. 250 ITrinlty 16*4
General Electric. 174 U S Mining 24
Mass Electric ... 13 U S Oil ..... 11
Do pM 55H!Utsh 43»4
Mass Gas 41«4! Victoria 4^
United Fruit 105 IWinona U%
United Shoe Mach.54 Wolverine 99 ft
Do pfd 31%!
N'ew York Mining Stocks. '.
Adams Con -0<Ontario .'.,3 50
Alice ... 40 Ophlr 2 40
Brecce ...; 131 phoenix .......... 1 40
Comstock . Tunnel. <jO!Potosl .'. ••'< 10
Con Cal & Va... 1 C"»l Savage 25
Horn Silver 1 25| Sierra Nevada •••¦ 2T
Iron Silver. 1 051 Small Hopes,: J 2S
Leadvllle Con 02!Standard 183
Little Chief 05i
• SUMMARY OF TIIE" MARKETS.
tl'all "strt'ct stocks from one to two
poiyts. higher.
Cottco .arivnncea njuk-r a brisk bny
• lnc iiomitntl.
Loc-al -io-Ub and bonds not materially
Silver and FIxiiinnse rates about as
brfoiv. ' ¦
\VI»«*Mt. Harlej- nnd'tlic' minor •rralns
Gcn«-;"^l advance tn farinaceous MHi
st tiff k.
Bni t \ and Shorts lowr, anil Hay also
drclin«*d.
li.yn- atij Seeds a* previously quoted.
Rhtr Voiatoes still clut tlie market.
: IHifoM l»l£licr.
Poultry and QimB tliow little change.
Fruit uutrkrt will supplied and quiet.
Butter breaks U:idly. with the market
demoralized.
IZ^gs Knd Che«se etnidy, wlUi moder
ate SttM'KS.
provisions quiet, with no further
chaixses.
Another fellght advance in Hops.
. . New Y'ork Cotton Slarket.
The New Tork wtres of E. F. Huttoa yes
terday' caid:
¦ "The eha:?> advance of MM to 20 points which
tock place '!n the cotton market to-day was
Cii* to a continuation of the buying move
ment which developed here early Is the mom-
Ing -:..: wbiclt we tJjir.k has bi!<n influenced
cbieSy by the deielopnient of a much better
tf-:..^' j tcr tpcl cotton irevn domestic and
Suropcaa •p'-r-ners and nervoujiness over the
bullish report on the crop situation. The spot
markets were higher throughout the South,
with n_rly all re;*>rUng much better demand
•ind larger volume of business doing for ex
port end fccme consumption. The movement
cf the crop continues beavy and le certain to
""flflaPt throughout the balance of the month,
but ftfter .thai we believe tfcere will be a
eharp Vallir.g eff in receipts, as the South is
In t better petition to make the crop moder
ately an<J t» better advantage than It ever
has t*t?n. and it is our opinion that we shall
th<ij witness a rather general modification of
the rei'at exc<f£ive crop estimates to much
ttiure cor.i»tfr»'4itive tipures."
. Stock** and Bushiess.
Tbe New York circular of Her.rj- Cietrg says:
"^n addition to tfce AnKlo-Russian incident
¦ netfijr thock t^ tbe market was the rather
vin^-xpected exi>ort of cold to the Continent.
jJoni* cf lb« big Euroj^an banks show a de
¦. : of their gold reserve that requires re*
jJniiyhmint. and it is but natural that they
should draw upon the handsome surplus of the
I nitfi Fortunattly. w« can easily
*:>are a few mi'.lioE* without injury; in fact,
•* . ¦¦.•:.•¦ '¦-::. ..\ would be beneficial, inas
much us- it would tend to correct the abnor
r. al ease of monejf which has pre\'ailed here
tot eorri* mo.ith* part. In consequence gold
i-hirn-.er.t* had little influence upon the local
tr.arket.- nrtmithfftanding rnmors of another
Russian loan in Europe of $270,000,000.
• At the moment tbe market is in a feverish
sn<i t-xrUfcJ condition. Not a few stocks are
f*-!lin£ abov« ifaeir. intrinsic value, rises of 30
to 40 riointJ! being out of all proportion to im
frbved condition-!, either present or prospective.
Th« earnings of the Steel Trust for the last
ev-iarter. which were about one-half th- amount
of two years ago. show-ed that the rise in that
• ~ was lars^ly based en anticipation, for
tvhile there has been a most satisfactory lm
rrovec:em In iron trade conditions during the
r reseat menth. it was hardly sufficient to war
rant a ficubltnjr of prices Bince the low figures
o: 1903 for t*»e common and preferred. . Later
0-1 conditions rr-ay Justify these prices. In a
number of oth*r stocks the advance has also
l-4.n largely actlcipatory. d-?m«adlng not only
< aution but ciose fiiscrimination. Thus far the
advance has been very un*v»n, to the i«robabll
ftyia that th# cliques will gradually drop the
higfa Jevt-1 stocks and turn thrtr attention to
thosfc which Isavo been relativelr neglected.
', •' ¦';,."-.. THE OUTLOOK.
•There" are no indications of th«. present
movement ha%ing exhausted itself. Oood buy
fng j-\ -: ;-t on all eharp declines and stocks
have not yet pa**ed entirely from strong into
weak hands. The public have been buying
n:uch more freely, it is tru«; but no small
p^.rt of tb* recent activity he» been artificial.
ar.d the big icterests still retain large Hold
ings wfcich bare not .t*een marketed.' No **-
r>ous decline can be expected while business ih
iore«t« are on the ascending scale. Our farm
ers are TeJatively rich: <Mir manufacturers, es
p»"Cl4Ily of iron products, are receiving in
creased orders; cur railroads will soon be taxed
•V'.th fr^.cht: our banks are strong and well
!¦-:;::< d with funds; our bank clearings prove
lncr«*s<?d activity In all parts of the country:
our railroad earnings are growing: our labor
: '• •;> ¦¦•-: i-- lees senous. and our politics are in
a quietf-r ttate than for many years. There
is nothing, therefore, to cloud the financial
torir.o?v Just now unless It be aa outbreak of
wild circulation. This our conservative bank
ers are wisely endeavoring to prevent, not out
ef philanthropic motives, but because it would
Interfere with -ctb/er legitimate plans."
EASTERN" 3IARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2 —Money on call steady.
2ii'2J%.per cent; closing bid, 2; offered at 2%.
.Time loans, slightly firmer: sixty days, 3^3%
p»'.r cent; ninety day* and six_ months. 3%
%*t cent. Prim* mercantile paper. 4$i4% per
•. r\. gterling «xchar.ce etefldy, with actual
t'Ufilnees in bankers' bills at $4>C4i*5 4 •"AT,
.tor ' demand and $4.S3*U>^-4S.1h5 for sixty-day
tills.. Ported ra:--. $4 %5'S4 87%. Commercial
tills. $4 K5%Q4 S3%. Bar silver. 58%c Mex
ican dollars, 46% c. Government bonds, weak;
'railroad boc£g, lrrerular.
' ' ««»_»—«¦«*.
Xpw lork Stock Market.
N~W YORK. Nor. 2. — Dispatches from Lon
<rn tfc;s mornir.g reported that the war panic
ft m yes'^rdsy hsd entirely subclded and that
"there had b*en no rround for it any time.
There «-a# »oin* recurrence of uneaslncsa re
jortefl !n fcr*^n markets later In the day,
hat It had llu> reflection here. The locul
n.arScet r ••m» 1 to hare recovered Its equ&n
trali'y sr.d tTter feefllng the early demand
f r««!y •with r«ailz!r.g MLlej- the adranc« In prices
"*.-? tik>n up again.
¦ The (Uy* taarket prored decidedly apathetic,
however. as4 the successive advances which
v*r* tr.a^e at different points ::. the markets
CIS. Tjot .!r*uo« much srn;j.atheUe response.
The Hst tfia r.ot nv»^« decidedly in company
• t ««r i:c-.e iurirt the 6.»y. Thvrt wti con- |
prirupr 1 * faror shown In the «p«?u!2.tion to i
the tsiSuMrlals tr.3 tpeclalties, including a
r.usber cf lew grade Issues. Amalgamated
CrpfJer tii the feature cf trading and its rist
to • r.ew high level for the movement was
s ccctr.par.1«d by many rumors of a final set
t>ment of the loog driwn oat ccstert of
th* Montana bepper intsreata. Sasrulne trafle
estimates" also tielped the -stock*, eugar end
1J. S 8te*l preferrea co»t!r.t:ed to k*«p It
rcXr.pmjr.y. the latter in a moderate way. De
r.iala "of the current rumors of an option »•
cured cm tJ5« Helnr.e properties flid not check
th» p^'ement fa Am* Igm mated Copper. Erie
r.-i«" tr*~ feature of the railroad list and the
only news, to explain th» advance was a re
>>ort ths,t a eale-of a blo<:k of several mil
•1;<A« of tu convertible bonds had been ».f
'fertVa. There" was n» official eaoetlon for this
.¦report, but 'rumor* were circulated of the
extensive betterments upon which the pro
«-*-*ds of. the bend sale would be immediately
ls.:& ont.'- Th« earclngs were also said to be
'mproving fast.
** Reading was the cr.ir rtock to *h«w close
•— nratby with the movement of Erie. The
V.>4terri stocks were Inclined to hang back, ex
«-«:4 Rock Island acd Ur.Ion Pacific The be
lated rite Ui those awakened little fesponiw
i-fiVng thf cth'-r grangers ar.d Pacifies. A
new rumor wms aficat rtsarJSng the local trac
tion merger, iraklns tcrran at which control
€<f 81etropol:taq Securities had been acquired.
Etrensrth of cnifitlns and lend caused revived
rumoiK 61 a. >«d rcerg^r. Tne !eath»'r irtocks
rn.U'yed « period cf strength. There were
oflfi*r feature* cf minor Importance and of only
individual fiiroificanc*. There was a marked
filing: off In the activity of the market and
th» buying was inclined to dlsntnlnh tn each
etode. But th»r« vra.* little Increase of selling
pressure en. Ui» adraccrs and sentiment was
undlsturVMl. Mrvney contlneM eai»y. The un
•¦vtr.ne^s <>t the market continued op to the
oioslnt. trli!ch was Irregular.
Donds were Irregular. Total sales
value). Sfi.29O.0Cf>
f. e. St. 2» and new 4« declined % per cent
and tfc« c\i 4i> -i per e»nt on call.
. m New York Stock List.
K. T." Hasten t Co.. 4M California street.
San . Francisco, members of the New Tork
Ftonk Kxchanc*, furr.ish the following official
quotatlc-m of that Hxchan^e:
Ealeu. I : r>to.:k»— IIIlsFiLow.l Bid. I Aek.
.* Ailsms Express..! 1 240 |"C0
Amxlg Copper..., 74% 71'i 7S% 73«i
Amer C»n Co ..! I..... O i? '^if
i Do pfd , 47 ' 47U
- . lOOjAmer C t F Co 2ft^| 25^ 2^1/ *>?£
I X>o pfd 83 84
jAnw Chide J03 J05
-.] Do pfd SO f,,
* l.llWAmcr Cfttton Oil 82% 31f a 30\ 31 it
- Do pfd j 1 94" iM-i?
Amer Dlst Tel !..... 2<l«t 2S
....jAmrr Express. ..{ j cm' 210
(Aiuer Gra*» T O>i !-.... 7 ?u
; 100;Amcr Hide & Lj 5% 5-i r.% kv
SOO.Amer !« K%\ 8H « KSi
400! Do |'fd .- "7%j 87 3*1% .17
lAraer Llr.s*cd .. ... ..[...'.. 12% 14
'..I Do r<fd 3<j " 3^ ;j
SOC'Am^r Lofomoth-e "27 *i 27 27% I 27%. >
.;.: — I Do rfd 07% »7% I
WOlAiatr Malt ...... b% ft 0 I &*»
3,doOf Do pfd 22?i 21%| 22 I 22^
3,80«> Araer S & R Co 74^4 71% 7i?i •*?» ,
T:.'.^ Do P-'d tiau, 111^112 112 Ji
W!,3;X); Ainer Sugar 115*4 l«* 1*5;? JS*
. .. Do pfd li '^ 13! >
i AmrrT & T Co l«< JH
Amer Tcb pfd l«Vs 1«
600;Amer W^ien ... 18 K'.s «• Wj
200 Do Pfd S4 S3U, W^4 "li
3.300 Anaconda 106^104 10<J lOi
Ann Arbor 30 32
Do pfd 60 64
2+.S00 A T &. Santa Fe S6S< »5% *>*>¦* ,%>n
30d Do p.'d 101^1101% 101 Vs 1C2
B.2001 Bait & Ohio »4% 03^ »4 84
ICOj Do P« 05 95 04 »a
Dey State Gas 3-16 M J»
H.20OH RT 66% 65«i CO»u 68V4
K-Oj Brooklyn U Gas 220 220 220 224
30» Brunswick D & I t>\ 8 S»4 S%
iButterlck Co W>V» 51
Conada Southern C7*i 6SU
3. -W Canadian Pacific 129% 12SH »2V»s 129H
3.100C & O 44*4 «% * 4^> **?•
C & A 37 39
Do P-'d <> 0 64
C & E I pfd • 137«-i 145
C 1 & L pfd S3 90
22.«IO,C & O W...... 2iH »% 23% 24
-.. Do pfd A «% «
1,100 Ua pld B .... 36 34«i 34% 35
... Do debs 8« 90
BOUC & N W 195 194% 184 »4 195
23.00o'c M & St P 171H 17OV4 1«OT« 171
100J Do pfd 152 1S4
90.5tiO|C B I & P (new) 34% 32% 34% 34?,
6.9UO| Do pfd 74^, 73?4 74 74J,
I Do *s "8 1 j «fet*
l.OOOlChlcago Terminal 10% » T ,» 10% !<>;»
4.4C0' Do 'pfd 1 24. 21** 23ii .«
2,100iChicago Un Trac 10^4 »S »*i n 9 T»
aOCl Do pfd 38 37H 3'M, 36
C C C & St L S3% &5
..! Do prd U2 114
200 Cleve Lor & W.. 72 70 70
I Do pfd 85
19.100;Colo Fuel &. Iron 43U 42 42 42}i
Do pfd 73 77^
Colum H C & 1 1*^4 14%
2.400,Colorado So 22% 22% 22^i 22**
800 Do 1st pfd ... 55 54% 54^ 55
4.S00 Do 2d pfd Z2M 30% 32U 32H
4,200,Consol Gas 217 210 214^ 214»i
700 ! Con Tob pfd ... 125 125 . 125 125^
SOOJCorn Products... 17% 17% f<% 17*4
6.500 Del & Hudson . 185*4 1^3*« IS0V4 lS5*s
200 D L & \V 315 315 300 320
100 D & R G 32 SOH 31 32
1001 »Do pfd 83 S2& S2 83
300 L*s M & Ft D.. 25H 23Vi 24»4 25%
300'Detrolt Un Ry .. 74 74 73% 74%
700:Detroit So 5 5 *% 5
Do pfd 8V4 »
Diamond Match 13* 139
10,400'Distil Secur 36% 33% 3«% 37%
JDis Secur bonds ..'...* .74% 74 Va
Duluth 3 S & A ....: 12 12>4
Do pfd 19% 1»H
23S.100,Erie 40% 38«i 39% 39%
6.400 Do 1st pfd ... 72% 74ft 72% 72^j
2.400; Do 2d pfd 53 51% 52% 52%.
2.O0OE & T H 62% 68 61% 63
200l Do pfd .82 82 83 85
Gen Chemical 49 55
Do pfd 95 97
300 Gen Electric ... 175 174 174 175
'Great No pfd .. 192 19S
12,000Green Cons Cop 25% 25 25% 25%
Havana Tob Co 27% 28
Do pfd 40% 40%
300;Hocking Val ... $0% 80 80 83
Sno! Do pfd 8ST4 aS 87% 8S
1.20o!lllinois Central 143 142% 142% 143
3w Inter Paper 18% 18 18 1S%
COO! Do pfd 78 77% 77 .78
'inter Power ...". 61 63
300 Inter Pump 36% 36% 37% 38
! Do pfd 79% 80%
700 Iowa Central ... 27% 27 27% 2S
500; Do pfd 49% 48 4S% 49%
iKanawha & Mich 35 36
600 KC FtS & M pfd 79% 79 79% 79Ti
iKana C So ; 28% 29
900i Do pfd 62 51% 51% 51%
iKeokuk & D M ." 13 17%
'Laclede Gas pfd 81 100
[Lake E & We«t 32 35
I Do pfd 100 105
Long Island 58 59
4.5001L & N 134 132.% 133% 133%
3,S00;Manhattan 162% 160% 1«1% 1C2
{Manhattan Beach 10% 11'
SOOlMetropol S«cur.... 83% 82 82% 63
35.500,1^0-0 St Ry 1249, 122% 124% 124%
4,300;Mex Central ... 18% 17% 17% 18
300Minn & St L. . . . 53% 69% 09% CO
Do let pfd 146 147
7,300'M StP & SSM.. 83% 90% 93% 93%
IOOO;. Do pfd 149 146% 148 148%
«,100'Mo Kan & Tex. 30% 30 30% 31
2.0001 Do pfd 5S% 57% 58% 58%
; 12,400'Mo Pacific 103% I01S 103% 103%
..;.... |Na?h C & fit.L 130 132
12.700 National Lead .. 28 23% 25% 27
1.50<> Do pfJ 98 95 08 93%
X RR of M pfd. 40 41
V.: National Biscuit .:... .".'..". 4S& 49%
Do pfd j 111% 112i*
300 N J Central 1S4% 183 183 184%
IN Y Atr Brake. 135 137
4.600 N Y Central 135 133% 134% 134%
N Y C & StL 35 S«
....... Do 1M pfd 110 116
Do 2d pfd €3 -74
./ N Y Dock- 12 16
l.OOO; NY, N H & H. 193% 193 183 193%
1.900 IN Y. Ont & W.. 42% 42% 42% 42%
3.20OiNor & Western.. 72% 71% 72% 72%
I I Do pfd 90 94
SO0>'orth American 96% 96 95% 96
3,600 Nor Secur ...... 115% 115 114% 115
lOznaha ..i .-...147 150
Do pfd 186 190
|O S L 4's 104 105
2.000 Pacific Coast ... 80 77% 79 80
Do lrt pfd 98 104
1,700 Do 2d pfd ... 84% 82% 83 S4
ROO Pacific Mail 39 38% 38% 39
42.SOo:Penn R R Co... 137% 13CU. 137% 137%
5,100; People's Gas ... 109 108 10>% 108%
! Pere Marquette 75 ' 60
200' Do pfd 77 76 7fl 77
IP C C &. St L". .'. 73 75
Do pfd »5 98
l,400;Press Steel Car 30ft 80% 30% 30%
200! Do pfd 60 80 79% 80
iPullman Car Co 223 227
lOO! Ry Steel Sp Co.. 25 25 25 25%
i Ds pfd 85 ' 86
C.SOOiReadlng 74% 73% 73% 73%
200 Do 1st pfd ... 87% 87% 87U 88
' 100; Do 2d pfd . . .". 79 80
1.0001 Republic S t I 12% 12 12% 12%
700] Do pfd M% 5.1% 53 V4 53%
600;Rubber Goods ... 22% 22 22 22%
j Do pfd _ 83 85 '
1.000S. S S & I Co.. 49% 4<?% 4S% 49%
100! Da pfd B7 97 90 97
St J & G 1 14% 13
1.200 Do I«t p.'d ... 54% &3 54 M
1.600 Do 2d pfd ... 24 24 25% 26%
StLASF 1st pfd W ; 85
2.1W Do 2d pfd ... C3% 01% 63 «Hi
200jSt LAS W.... 22% 22% 21% 22%
4O0| Do pfe! 44% 4!) 4914 4!>%
1 17. 4W> Southern PaclSc. ni% i;0'i Clfs '•! \j
1.7CO! Do pfd liO 115% 116 116«i
e.^OO.Houtbern Ry ... M% S3** 34% 3J»;
200) Do pfd «4 93% 93% 94%
Standard Oil 644 *:\H
IBUndard U & T 2 2%
7,600;Tenn Coal & I.. 5S»» 67% f>S% 6S«,
....... ITexas P L T Co 28 33
8.000'Toxas Pidfic ... S4% 83% S3% 34
iThird Avenue 101 102
lOOlToledo R * T Oc 70% 2C«i 25% 2G%
200i Toledo BtLtW 30 29% 29% 80
¦ -400! Do pfd 49«i 49 49% 49%
700'Twln City R T. . 10G%|105% 100 10«
ICnion Bag & P 1 1- 7%
..*.... Do pfd es es
9C,9T<0 Union Pacific .».. 110% 100% 11(>S 110%
700 Do pfd .:.... 95 05 95 95%
Do conv Ci U0«» 110%
United Copper 5 7
United R of S F...V. ..... 10 17
200 Do pfd 60% 60% f!0% 61
Do 4a 85 85H
400<U 6 Cut I Pipe 18% 13 43 13%
600 Do Pfd »4 «2% 63% 64%
•4U S Express 113 119
61.200U S Leather ... 18% 18% 18% 18«
5.600 1 Do pfd »2% 00% 92 92%.
|U B Rubber 27% 23
700 Do pfd 84% 83% 8.1% 84%
5?.20f>U S Steel Cor... 21% 20% 21% 21%
84.000! Do jrfd 82% 81% S2% 82%
2.700|V T a-Car Chem Co 33% 3S .TS% 3s?i
2O0j Do pfd Ill 111 110% 111
l,200|Wabash 21% 21 21% 21%
1.000 Do Pfd 43% 42% 42% 43
I Do deb Bs 65% 6T.%
„ Wells- Fjuto Ex. 237 245
200] Western Union.. 91 90% 90% 01
1.0001 Westingtoouse ... 169% 163 1C9% 170
6001 W & L E . 19 18 N 18% 19
.......j Do 1st ptd 45% 47
Do 2d pfd 20% 27%
. 500 WlcconMn Cen.. 23 22% 22% 23
.......I Do pfd 45% 45%
1,434.500 — Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U 6 ref 2s reg.-104%|L &. N unified 43.102%
Do coupon 104% Man con. gold 4s. 105
Do 3s rcg 104% Mex Central 4s.. 70%
Do coupon..... 104%l Do 1st lnc 21%
Do n«w 4s reg.l30%fM & St L is 97 .
' Do coupon. UMHiiM. K & T 4».....1C2%
Do old 4« reg.lC»%t Do 24s.......... 84%
Do coupon 1C6V1INB of Mex con 4s 80%
Atch pen 4s 1C2%!N Y C gen 3%s..luo%
Do adj 4s.. 93 IN J C gen Cs. . -.-.134%.
AtlanUc C L 4s.. J»?5ilNor Pacific. 4s.... 104%
Bait & Ohio 4S..1OI I Do 3s ." *T4jJ
Do 3%« ....... 05% Nor A'W con 4a. 100%
Central of Ga Ss.lll'i O8L 4o & partic.104%
iDo 1st lnc 89% Penn conv «1%s...lOf%
Che* & Oblo 4%s.lO5% Reading gen 4i..lC2.
Chi tt Alton 3%s. S0% B L s I M con r.n.lHJ
C.B & Q n»w 4s. Wi\ H L ft S Ffg.4j. 87
C M & 6P gn 4a. 110%ISt Louis 6W ljtts. 90%
C A N W con 7s.l27 Seaboard A L 4s. SI %
C R I & P»e *• "6% 8o Pacific. 4s.;... 94«'
Do col Bs S9% Ko Railway fis....lifi%
C.C.O 4 PLgn 4S.102 T*x & Pac l*tF...]20
Chi Term 4s. 83 IT. ?t L * W 4s. «1
Cons Tobacro 4s. 74*il Union • Padfie; 4*. 103%
Colo & So 4i..... 87% Do conv 4S.....H0U
C F & I 5a...... SIVj U « Pt»*l 2d St.. bS,
Den & Rk) O 4s. 101% Wabash lsU ...;117
Erie prior lien 4i.l0l>; Do deb B. ...... 60U
Do ~n 4i. .•-..-. 83 JW & LE 4s....! 90%
F W & D C l«t».110%|Wli:Ctntral 4«,.:»2r
Hock Val 4%i.. .109: ' ' J
A still hlgh^ r ' rangs of prices is quoted for
Hops, and the market Is very firmly held, .but
quieter at the moment. Wool and Hides con
tinue strong.
HIDES AND SKIN'S— Culla and brands sell
about Va'ttlc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light 9!£c; Cow
Hides. 9Hc for heavy and 9^c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 10%c; Salted Veal.
ll%c: Salted Calf. ll%c; dry Hides, 17c; dry
Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c; Sheepskins, shearlinss.
2&@40c each; short Wool. 40@65c each: me
dium. 75ig9Oc: long Wool. *1@1 50; Hors«
Hides, salt, $2 75 for largo and $2&2 CO for
medium $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 CO for
'medium. $1 for small and 60c for Colta.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c: dry Baited
Mexican 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
• Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra - Urge do,
$1 25: large, 50c; medium. 35c; small 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4@4^c per lb;
No. 2, 3$£c: Grease. 2Va@3c
. WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin and South
ern 9@llc; Southern. S@9c; Southern Moun
tain 9@llc; Middle Counties, free, 12@Hc;
do defective 10012c; Northern free. 12® 14c;
do' defective, 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cirio. 16@19c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 28}4@31%o per lb.-
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
\$%c; 10-lb tins lOUc; 6-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins. lOtfc. -
COTTOLENE— One half .barrel. S&c; three
half barrels. 8%c; one tlexce. 8?»c; two tierces.
8}ic; five tlarces, S^e per lb. . .
consignments. Because of the unsatisfactory
condition of affairs most holders of hay. hare
announced their Intention to reduce their ship
ments, which will probably result in "an Im
proved market within the near future.. Almost
every one still predicts an open winter, which
in Itself does- not tend to strengthen the situ
ation any. •-•••• .
"During the past week some little attention
has been given our market by the Oregon
dealers, it having been reported that the hay
crop of that State is very short. There la
some possibility, therefore, of shipments being
made that way before 'the end of the season.
Should this come about we may yet have a
very Interesting market here, especially If
Southern California continues to draw on us.
"The better grades of Wheat Hay_are very
much In- evidence Just at present, with .the
result that the market on this especial grade
Is very soft, whereas the medium grades are
holding their own much better. Some.dam
aged shipments are still being made and- are
going at low- prices. "Other kinds show no
material change from the quotations given
during the last two weeks."
. ¦: BRAN— $1S«?19 per ton. . . -
MIDDI>INGS-r$23 5O®28 per ton.
SHORTS — $1S@19 per ton. '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal. $24025; Corn Meal, $31@31 50;
Cracked Corn $31 50®32; Mixed Feed, $22 50@
23; Horse Beans. $30@40 per** ton; Broom
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $lttg>15; "Wheat and Oat. $10®
14;"5at. $9@12; Barley and Oat, $9@11; Volun
teer Wild Oat, $7®1Q; stable, $9i?10; stock.
$5 50S?7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa. $9@12 per
ton. &
STRAW — 35@60c per bale. . ¦ . .
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 . spring wheat,
$1 1C@1 13; No. 3, $IOG@111: No. 2 red.'$l 15%
©1 174; No. 2 corn. 544c; No. 2 yellow, 574c;
No 2 oatsr-2»Uc:-No. 2 white. 31«i@32c: No.
3 white, ::(^31?«c; No. 2 rye, 754c; good feed
ing 'barley. 34@-1Sc; fair: to choice malting. 41
No 1 flax a€ed. $1 0!):;No. 1 Northwest
ern SI Io4 ; mess pork, per bbl, $11©11 10;
Hrd. per 100 lbs, $7 00@7 07*4 : short-rib sides
(loose) $0 00^7: ehort clear side3 (boxed), $t@
7 25; whisky. baals of high, wines, $124; clo
ver, contract grade, $12.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels . .\ .. 23.600 2.W
Wheat, bushels 1C4.O0O 161.000
Cornrbushels ™.™ 1C0.200
Oats, bushels . - 2 *;- 0 ™ 12^
Bye bushels 13.0C0 1,500
Earley. bushels ....;...-.. .136,000 64,500
THE SAN FRANCISCOr CALU THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1901.
j Cash ' Grain arid ' Provisions.- -' •¦ .;
CHICAUO. Nov. 2.— Cash Quotations wex« as
The market : continue* Inactive ..and - prices
show : no further change. ; ¦ .
"CURED MEATS — Bacon, -lie per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 134c fo r light,'
14@144o. for -extra' light and 15c for sugar
cured; «dry* Salt,: Sides., 10c; Bellies." lie;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13@134c: Califor
nia* Hams 12%ri©12?4c: Meu : B»f, $10010 SO
per ¦ bbl ;¦ extra Mess.' $10 8O@ll; Family, $12#
12 60; : prrme •. Mess - Pork; ; $14 60; » extra clear,
$23- Mess.- $1"; 50; Pig : Pork,: $26; Figs* Feet,;
$6: Smoked Beef.. 14c per.lb. . - -
.-; LARD— Tierces .i quoted 1 : at '. «4c ; per lb . for
California compound.. 7c for Eastern compound
jltuI aafllia for cure;. hali- barrels. Dura. 0U.3
Provisions.
; Hay and Feedstuff*.
Bran and "Shorts are lower.;' Middlings have
a very wide range, according. to quality. •
Hay, Is ; lower, and .very weak. /. The : high
prices -. can, no . longer be maintained, even * for
the choicest 'grades; as the demand has become
very, slow.v Straw. Is also, lower'and dull.
The clrcular-of .' Somere : & ; Co. >eays.*; "Ship
menls of hay -have ;been:ranging quite plenti
ful ' during ' the past i «ceek.* : the total amounting
to 3600 tons; as compared with 3000 tons for
the . week '.-• preceding-. ' ¦ Coupled ; with :¦ this i In
crease - In ' receipts ; has "i been ~ a somewhat i lea -
sened ; demand. -j so'afi the present writing . the'
market , Is ? In- anything but a: satisfactory , con
dition. The : bulk ; of all arrivals - hat ¦', been
curchasad has. very little cow oomlas: la an
The Supreme Court yesterday im
posed a find? of $100 upon B. Kelsey
for making a frivolous appeal from
the judgment of the Superior Court.
He- was codefendant with the West
ern Land and Title Company in a suit
instituted by ' . the Home Savings
Building 1 and Loan Association of Ala
meda. A demurrer to the complaint
was overruled and .Kelsey appealed
solely in his own behalf. The Supreme
Court says the law on the ' subject la
clear and concise and that the appel
lant should be able to appreciate that
fact. The appeal was supposedly taken
to protract the ltitgaUon.
i^netl for Frl volous Appeal.
A nun.ber ; of . farinaceous goods have been
advanced i<ic. the advance to become effective
to-day. ..-¦¦¦ •¦•. ¦--;-- • • ••.'«¦/- ' :¦. . ¦••¦
-FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual 'terms; . Bakers' Extra*. 94 70-gS:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing; at $4@4 CO
per bbl. ¥*Wjf^*iiHiH^jfW^''mff9tejW.<l])ffii
MILLSTUFFS— Prices - In package* are as
follow* :.. Graham Flour, >$2 75 per 100 Ihs;
Rye Flour - $3 25;- Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal.' $2 .10; extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal. ; $4; : Oat ' Groats. $4 20; Hominy,
$3 60®3 65; Buckwheat; Flour, $4 25;;Cracked
Wheat; $3 76; Farina, -," $4; .'Whole Wheat
Flour, 13 SO: Rolled \Oats bbls. $6 75@7 60; In
sacks $4 23; -Pearl Barley $5; Split , Peaa,
boxec! $6 50; Green Peaa. $5 60 per, 100 lbs.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15L ¦ Stngeriii and IPubllc^ Speaker* .will; find Plso't
Cure an effectual cure for hoarseness ; '.* ;•-
. ;Se* Edward Knowles Co. about" printing your
next catalogue. '¦' 21 Second st., , near Market.* '
i PAINTERiFALLSSOFF..SCAFFOLD—Rob
ert ..¦ Rix.'-;, a : , painter, v living b at •- 2304 ; Twenty
third .'«treet,/ fell -jfrom; a"-. scaffold •• yesterday
•while; at . work j on ¦ a^bulldlpff. at ¦: 1805 1 Franklin
street.'^; He > was taken ¦ to itheiEJmergency;Hos
pital': by; Offlcer..T. « F.j Connolly.-; He lwa« hurt
seriously ' Internally.' V .; ;T :. v^,- -: ; • ', . . ™ . >-' » - ; / >*. ¦ :.\
'•:] Fall _i" hats. ; 1904. /just Varrlved,; nobbier
than ' eVer.' Tom Dill on ' «fc Co.'.^ opp. Palace. •
. James >:Horne,'- a : member of,, the
Tailors', Unions committed suicide yos
terdayVrriorning/'t by .v" taking J'carboifc
acid r in % his ,; room .;at 1 173 ; Clementina
street, r He; had :been . drink'ng;h Avily
and! was despondent. Y He i wns a ¦ native
of ; England ; and;unmarried. f ¦•- - ¦•/. . ' ¦ ; •-..;¦
Suicide -of a" Tailor.
. C. Romero, ;; Consul General . for
Mexico, notified Collector. } Stratton
yesterday that ; the '. schooner • Carmen
cita,. formerly^ known as the. Jennie
Thelln of San f Francisco, « was no long-'
er : authorized ' or>'entitled to ' sair; under
the Mexican . flag. ¦ The * reason : given'
is that the Carmenclta^ clandestinely
engaged in hunting, and fishing *in
Bering Sea. • • ' r , '
Xo Lronger a Mexican Boat.
', , For an excellent "lunch., table; d'hote 'or. a l»
carte, with or without wtne,% visit The Claren
don Cale, 543 . Post at., j. opposite Olympic Club.*
'.'-i CHURCH • .u BAZAAK L SUCXTESSFUL,'.— The
bazaar ! at 'Trinity ¦ Presbyterian Cburch, ' Twen
ty-third t and •" Capp '. «tteets.'7 was ".the »cenc 4 of
much animation yesterday afternoon and even
ing. The managers * ar« '' delighted i with 'the
patronage * they ; have • received. ',? Last " evening
there was a splendid vocal and Instrumental
concert < and • thl» 'and to-morrow evening there
are to-be special attractions^: • >'¦-* "
r- Floating spots before, the Eyes, dimness
of vision,; wealt " eyes, cured;' by. > Murine
Eye Remedies. : 'A home cure for Eyes..*;
United States _¦¦/.:. District /At :or hey
; Woodworth has decided ; not to insti
tute .any* proceedings: aga'hs: airs.
Frances .de Soiize, . stewardess •; on
board ihe : steamship ;Slerra,"< for :hav- ;
ing coiiip ashore with; ostrich feathers"
uy rhf>r clceve.". He . is \of Uh* opinion
that Mrs. de Souze had"ho'cnn'nal-In
tent ¦ tt^.fcrhrggle'and'hasidirectaSHliit
all .-proceedings in the matter bo
dropped. ;'• : -
Mrs.Vdo Souzc Released.
Perry Alcott. was arrested last night
by Police Officer ' James Pearl on
O'Farrell street and charged .with
petty, larceny, at ; . the Central police
station. Tuesday might Alcott ' gained
entrance to a lodging-house at : ,742
O'Farrell street on the pretext of visit
ing a friend. After; he ' had left " the
premises Miss .Agnes Hagerty. -the
landlady," missed: her ,$50 gold watch
and reported the matter to Pearl.,;The
officer ¦ succeeded' in' tracing .the crlnie
to 'Alcott and when arrested last night
the. pawn' ticket > for, 1 the' timepiece was
found ' in his possession.
Watch Thief Is Arrested.
,.C. Romero, ; Consul General; for ; the.
republic •¦ of ' Mexico . at • this ? port, '• has
been appointed Consul ;Generallat 'the
port of NewrYork.; Dr. Plutarco>Or
nelas ; has 'beenj appointed "to succeed
him in this. city. . ;Thc business of the
local office is; still ; beingitransacted: by
General 5 Romero': and will ; be until * his
successor arrives,',the date, of , this ; > ar-.;
rival ¦ no t havl ng i been '"- announced \ yet.'
New; Mexican Consul Appointed;
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like vlsitingEurope without seeing Par
is. It ; is a leading feature of San Francls
co/.and; is the most - beautiful Jewelry
store in.the world: Visitors or purchas
ers are. equally; welcome. .: 221 Montgom
ery-street,* between Bush and,^Pine. "
To Visit ' San Francisco
A le^itimater-not so called— retiring
from business is now taking place '¦ at
Yuzuk & Co.'s, , 230, Post. street,, wlio; are,
selling their entire ; collection <of ex
quisite, rare and valuable * antique and
modern Oriental rugs '; and ; carpets' at
auction. The Junior, member of the firm
is to locate on a ranch, and the store
n«w , occupied by them 1^ for . rent, with
immediate possession. Ail lovers of the
Oriental textile art will regret that; thia
tirm. so : favorably known ; here for a
number of years/ is leaving San Fran
cisco; The firm of Tuzuk& Co. desires
it to be distinctly" understood that the
sale of this collection i at < auction is an
absolute! y bona-fldo auction ¦- sale* Noth
ing reserved : -< everything to : be sold , to
the highest '. bidder regardless of . cost or,
value, without .any" subterfuge whatso
ever. : The sale . takes . place . to-day, " to
morrow and Saturday at 230 Poststreet:
Mr. George H. Weigert. the well-kno^n
art auctioneer, is conducting. the sale..* >?
Closing of the Yuzuk Galleries.
THE. ART EVENT
OF THE SEASON
only possible object of the attorney for
the ¦; contestants In - conducting It was
to defeat. the administration of Justice
and by delay prevent the forwarding
of the commission's transcript to the
San Francisco courts, the trial-having
already been begun there.
This was "indignantly denied by the
opposition counsel, who agTeed to con
clude to-morrow if Dr. Glbney would
answer his questions promptly. .
JOINT CONVENTION
¦ ¦ , - " TO DISCUSS LICENSES
Members of Christian' Endeavor Union
arid Epworth League to Meet (
- in Alhambra Theater.
.A joint 1 convention -of the -Golden
Gate Christian Endeavor Union and
the" San > Francisco Epworth League
will be held in the Alhambra to-night.
"High License' Better^ Than Low Li
cense" will ; be the theme , and an ex
cellent programme^ has been arranged.
Music; will be rendered by I a chorus
under -the direction - of Carl Sawvell
nnd -the subject" will; be discussed by
able The programme in
full if as follows:.
. : Grand choral. "We Welcome Tou" (Sawvell),
chorus:- Scripture reading. Rev. U'J.- Sawyer;
Invocation, ' Rex. O. C. Adams. D.D. : choral,
"Praise Y«ths Father" (Gounod), chorua; ad
dress, "San Francisco of To-Day," Fairfax H.
Wheelan: address, '.'Greater San Francisco."
Rev. \E. -Nelander, *Ph.D.;» selection. "Lead,
Kindly Light." Knickerbocker Quartet: ad
dress, •*. "Public ; Servants - va. ; Public Opinion."
Rev. William Rader; address.* "A Saloon Boy-
'Hev." F. M. Larkin. Ph.D.; choral.
-'•Come.' Holy Spirit"^Sawvell), chorus, soprano
solo ; obHrato ,- by Mrs. c Grace -¦ Davis- Northrup :
address, "The Corner Grocery Saloon/' Rev.- W
M.'.white: address,' "A Juat Propoaitlon." ; RevI
G. ,V. -White, - D.D. : : choral. from
•TweKth Mas»"(Mo»*«). cboroa; choral, "Tha
Star-Eranjled Bann«r.V>* BK»Bri
:" Prince Fushlml, brother of the Em
peror of Japan, who Is expected. to ar
rive in this city on the steamship
Manchuria on "November. 8, will be
accompanied by the -following suite:
A. ; Sato, "Minister Resident; Count S.
Terashima. Lieutenant. Colonel S.
Mihara ;. N. Watanabe, master, of court
ceremonies; S.Miki, retainer of the
Prince; S. Takioka, officer of the im
perial household department; Dr.v'K;
Pokkaku, attending, physician^ Col
lector : Stratton will .send the revenue
cutter Golden s Gate ! to meet the distin
guished guests and will pass the barr-
H"zge .•without examination, i On board
the Golden Gate will: be* the Japanese
Consul, 'Japanese dignitaries from
Washington, D. C, and Deputy Col
lector" .William B. Hamilton, who will
extend the ! glad hand to i the Prince
on *behalf of the United States Oov
ernmmt. . ¦: • 1
Japanese Notables Coining.
Arrangements for the big field ath
lbtic.'sports of the officers and enlisted
men' bf the Department of California
that, are to take place* on the 17th :
18th arid 19th >df . this month at the
Presidio are about perfected. Captain
John J. Bradley, who has charge of
the programme, is working assiduous
ly arranging for prires to be award
to to successful contestants.
It is reported that no charges will
be preferred against Lieutenant Gran
ville R. Fortescue, who raised a'rum
pus in a downtown restaurant last
week and knocked out a hack driver.
Major- John P. Wlsser has had .the
case , under investigation, but , could
find nothing in the charges against the
young lieutenant to warrant a court
martial. VHBGHBQH
Lieutenant Granville R. Fortescue
Will Not Be Called Before
i Court Martial.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR BIG
FIEItD SPORTS CONCLUDED
- In; his - direct ' examination ; and dur
ing? the examination on Tuesday and
to-day. Dr. Gibney insisted that he
had never used the term ','sulclde" and
denied that Miss "Warren = had told
either.; Detective Sullivan '- or ' Coroner
Scholer anything .' which ~.. could have
given 'them the . impression? that Miss
Dolbeer's mind' was unbalanced or, that
she had " taken her- own : life. , The at
torney 1 for the v ; proponents... caused an
objection to.be entered. upon the'record
to .what he termed : the trivial nature of
the examination '< and declared that the
• NEW YORK, f Nov. 2.— The taking of
testimony ; In the Dolbeer ; will contest
waa resumed : to-day with Dr. Homer
Glbney again. as a witness under ex
amination. He was /closely questioned
regarding what took place on the night
that- Miss Dolbeer fell or ' Jumped' from
the window of her room In the Wal
dorf-Astoria Hotel. The only thing of
importance developed was the .admis
sion by the.witness that he had "per
haps" told reporters that Miss Dolbeer
might have been takon by a sudden
impulse and leaped ; from the window.
He said he had talked to half a dozen
reporters and just .what he • told them
he could not "possibly: recall.
Attorney for, Dolbeer Contestants Ac
cused of Causing Delay.
To satisfy Flexner's suspicions Lake
showed what purported; to be Jensen's
indorsement on the back of the check.
Fiexner is a depositor with the West
ern National ; Bank and he went
with Lake to , the bank and indorsed
the check as a guarantee that it was
all right, the amount V was paid to
Lake. In view of Flexner's guarantee
the bank cashed other checks for Lake
which had been signed by Trost to be
paid to customers, aggregating about
$1000. .
When the. checks went through the
clearing-house and Trost : was • notified
the ¦ forgeries^were discovered, Flexner
explained his share in - the transaction.
Lake is a" married .man and lives'on
Page street.' It Is thought that he is
hiding in the city.
Albert Lake, confidential clerk . for
Robert Trost, contractor on Army
street, between Mission and Howard,
is wanted on a charge of forgery. F/L.
Holland, assistant cashier of the West
ern National Bank, swore to the war
rant, for his iarrest yesterday morning.
Lake is accused'of forging the name*
of L. Jensen to^'an I indorsement on- a
check for $662 drawh^by Trost in Jen
sen's favor on the German Savings
and Loan Society. . Lake, as cohfiden
tiar clerk, got the check from Trost to
deliver' to Jensen. Lake then went to
Samuel Flexner, . grocer, 2964 Howard
street, on October 25 and got Flexner
to cash the paper.
• General fund — Miscellaneous: Salaries $2.
489.542 17. wa^es and labor $143,906 40. con
tracts, mipph*. etc. $1.300.6E»0 02. total $3,934.
741 49; Boajd of Public Work*— Salaries $150,
431 73 wages and labor $187,244 94. contracts,
supplies, etc. $3JH>.204 12. total $733,SS0 79;
sundry funds— Park, library, special funds,
etc. : Salaries $55,845 60, wages and labor $326.-
S56 45. contracts, supplies, etc. &14.16S 84,
total *S3fi.37<» 59; school fund— Salaries $1,060
tS'i $6. wages aji4 labor $107,934 20, contracts,"
euRpllea, etc. $\te.C3$ W. total $1,333,272 02.
Auditor Baehr yesterday filed with
the Mayor and Board of Supervisors his
annual report showing in detail the fin
ancial transactions of the city for 1903
1904. In a communication Baehr calls
attention to the different form of the
report from those heretofore rendered.
Baehr says:
By • the accompanying report the severaJ
Stems of the budget are no arranged as to
thow the purposes lor which they were raised
and the actual disposition of the moneys so
rateed. Thtre is also a summary of expendi
ture* showing the total cost or the municipal
administration for the fiscal year. It is mani
festly impossible for me to close, my books for
the year until all demands are presented and
disposed of. Many demands have been held
back beyond the end of the year for various
reason*-, h^nee the lateness of this report. If
sornt plan could be devised to call in outstand
ing: claims before the end of the year the finan
cial accounts of my department would be much
timplifled end my report presented on time.
The following is the general summary
of the disbursement of funds:
The committee decided to inspect
personally the proposed route of a spur
track along Second, King, Brannan
and •Townsend streets this afternoon,
petition for the same having been filed
by C. N. Felton, and the Draymen's
Association having objected to its
being granted. *
The committee reported in favor of
the recommendation of the Board of
Works that Fourth street, between
Market and . Howard, be -repaved and
widened at a cost of $17,500, and ordered
the preparation of an ordinance for
doing the work, - which will • be passed
to print next Monday. , •; /
The : work of repaving H street from
Seventh to Twentieth avenues at a
cost of $35,000 was • also ordered. The
contract for the work . had already
been awarded to the F. M. Yorke Com
pany, but was rescinded, because the
consent of the Supervisors had not been
obtained. The sidewalks on ' H street
were also ordered abolished as it is in
tended to bituminize it to the park
line. ' ' ' " .
Similar action, was taken on the
amended ordinance prohibiting the dis
tribution of handbills so that it will
apply only to' indecent literature.
During the discussion reference was
made to the recommendation of ex-
City Engineer Grunsky that Sixteenth
street be widened, but Captain Payson
proved that this recommendation was
subject to the grant of a right of way
on Sixteenth streettp the Western Pa
citlc' Company,' whose petition is with
the Board of Works f or- a. report. It
was stated that the 'surrounding prop
erty will be benefited -and the company
had agreed to install every improve
ment for smooth and level streets.-
The committee postponed' for one
week consideration of the proposed or
dinance submitted by Livingston Jenks
mailing- it unlawful for any. person op
erating an automobile to drain oil from
a machine upon the street.
The committee recommended the pas
sage .to print of the ordinance grant
ing the franchise and fixed November
30 as the ; day 'for hearing claims" for
damages.
D. S. O'Brien and M. Robinson, rep
resenting several protesting property
owners along the route of the road,
pleaded for, a continuance for one week
In order that their clients might be en
abled to present their claims for dam
ages. Captain A. H. Payson, assistant
to president of the Santa Fe Company,
objected to a continuance and held that
the committee should protect his com
pany from possible extortion. Payson
said that it was costing the company
$30,000 to eliminate Mariposa street
from the proposed line in order to meet
the protests of property owners af
fected.
The Supervisors Street Committee
yesterday considered the petition of the
Santa Fe Railway system for a fran
chise for a right of way along Fif
teenth, Eighth. Sixteenth and Seven
teenth streets, thence through private
property to a point near Indiana and
Eighteenth streets.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy visit
ed the Berkeley home of Otto Boedick
ker, a discharged employe of. Mack &
Co., wholesale druggists, yesterday and
succeeded in recovering about $600
worth of goods which the former em
ploye had stolen from the firm. Boed
ickker, who Is under ' arrest, was . a
partner in crime of Joseph Sturm, who
is held by the police on a larceny
charge. -He was taken into custody
last Friday while disposing of the drug
company's In his room in Ala
meda'JlOO wor.th of loot was found.'
Both Boedickker and Sturm will ; be
formally arraigned to-day. *
Boedickker : was discharged from
Mack & Co.'s employ about four weeks
ago. He says his dismissal was for no
other reason than that his father, had
once , been suspected of robbing a place
in Oakland. When he received his two
weeks' notice, he was so angered at
the action of his employers that he de
termined to secure vengeance .by help
ing himself to their wares. Sturm be
came his partner; and in two weeks'
time the pair succeeded in carrying
out about $800 worth of goods, which
they took to their -respective homes.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy
caught Sturm, who is also a former
employe of- Mack & Co., in the. act of
disposing of so: e of the loot on Kearny
street last Friday night and arrested
him. "When closely questioned, he im
plicated Boedickker- and said that he
had left the employ of the drug house
that he might be out of temptation's
way. At the time of his. arrest he was
working for an insurance .company.
The , detectives found" Boedickker-r'and
placed: him in the" "tanks" on Tuesday.
Yesterday they visited his | room and
were rewarded by recovering most of
the stolen property.- Articles of . every
description, such as are handled by:a
drug company, , were recovered. • The
collection in value: aggregated $600.
There were toilet ,' articles, cutlery,
cologne, batteries and drugs of high
value. Boedickker only awaited an op
portunity to dispose of them.
The joint Committee on Charter
Amendments, Public Utilities and
Finance will meet this afternoon to
consider Lunstedt's proposed resolu
tion calling a* special election on Jan
uary 5 next for the " submission of
charter amendments: affecting the ad
ministration of the Public School De
partment. The resolution provides
that, the sum of $12,000 shall be
drawn for the purpose from the ur
gent necessity fund.
The Democratic Supervisors are
disinclined 'to submit the amendments,
notwithstanding that the petitions re
questing their submission were signed
by a number of persons largely in ex
cess of the 15 per cent of the qualified
voters, as the constitution provides.
They- take the ground that there* are
no available- funds . for . the special
election and the urgent necessity fund
should . not be ' used for the purpose.
One of the reasons assigned for de
laying immediate' consideration of the
resolution last Monday was to ascer
tain from the Election Commission
whether it' has any funds to hold a
special election.
The committee will also consider
the other twenty-two amendments
which the Supreme Court decided
could not be submitted on November
8 nex.t.
Supervisors Will Decide To-Day
1 Whether Charter Changes Will Be
Submitted to Voters.
Warrant Is Out for Arrest
of Confidential Clerk of
James Trost, Contractor
Otto Boedickker, Discharged
Clerk of Mack & Co M
Tells Tale of His Downfall
Ordinance Granting Santa Fe
Eight of Way Is Favored
by the Street Committee
TO CONSIDER PROPOSED
SCHOOIi • AMENDMENTS
Shows in Detail Financial
Transactions of the City
for Fiscal Year 1903-1904
GASOLIXE TANK EXPLODES.— A rasollh.!
tank iu the basement of Goldstein A Co.'f
¦tore at 733 Market street exploded yesterday.
The fire was extinguished by Policeman "W. F.
Kru^fr before any damage wi« done. •
LAKE WANTED
FOR FORGERY
AUDITOR FILES
ANNUAL REPORT
COMMITS THEFT
TO VENT SPITE
WOULD AWARD
THE FRANCHISE
. . — ? " ¦ — — . '
IiAWYERS CLASH.
A question that Attorney PJllsbury
laid much stress on was whether the
talesmen Knew Louis Metzgery who is
in the lottery business, or any other
person who was giving financial sup
port of the contestant in promoting
this suit.* '
•'We do not know.Metzger," declared
Attorney- Hiram Johnson. .. ;;;': ;
Pillsbury also . made it appear that
Wilson . & i Wilson, i attorneys for Mrs.
J. Li. Moody, who was an aunt of Miss
Dolbeer. are giving aid to the contest
ant. But Johnson also denied this. The
report that Mrs." Moody is interesting
herself m the contest, for. the reason
that she would get a share of the estate
if the will Is upset, is not verified by
Johnson.
The talesmen examined yesterday
were the following: K. Lundstrom,
John F. C. Plageman, John Higgins, S.
reterson, Charles' A. Slack, Edwin W:
Briggs, Christopher Branagan, William
Henke and Michael Shannon/ v
The trial Is expected to be long drawn
out) for there are stacks of depositions
to read, the most of them" taken in New
Yorl;, wherein - the deponents tell of
Miss Dolbecr's conduct during: the days
preceding her fatal: fall from a sev
.enth-floor window of the Waldorf- As-'
toria Hotel. There . ar,e still more
depositions to come from the East, and
it was on this ground that the contest
ant's attorneys sought a continuance.
: Attorney Hiram \ Johnson told, the
talesmen that the question they would
be called on to - decide was whether or
not Miss Dolbeer was of sound and dis
posing mind when she made herwill in
April last, four months previous to. her
death. The questions he propounded
were of the usual order.
; Miss Warren, from whom attempt is
being • made to wrest a bequest -that
amounts to about $850,000, was not. in
court yesterday. At no stage of the case
has she yet set foot in a courtroom, but
her attorneys said that she would ap
pear as soon" as the introduction of tes
timony should begin.
Schander, on the other hand, was
present with hi? entire family, wife,
daughter and son. .The audience was
devoid of representatives of society, In
which the. case is attracting. much in
terest, largely because so many of 'its
fair members have: been subpenaed to
testify as to the 'mental condition of
Miss Dolbeer at the time she made her
will. Mrs. William C Mugan. wife of
one of the executors, did take a seat be
side'her husband for a. few minutes,
but soon took her departure.
There was nothing, more than exam
ination of talesmen yesterday, but
even ! in these' exciting proceedings
there were a number of sharp remarks
and biting retorts between the lawyers.
Nine talesmen were examined before
evening, but there will be.no accepting
of Jurors until the whole panel shall
have been exan.ined. It is possible that
the jury will be completed late this aft
ernoon. -
Judge Coffey declared an end to post
ponements and the Dolbeer will con
test went to trial yesterday. The long
delayed battle over the estate of $1,000,
000, j the bulk of . which Bertha Dolbeer
bequeathed , to .Etta M. Warren, her
lifelong companion,, was at last. begun
under auspices that indicate a' lone
and bitter fight.
The ! legal array promises much of
vigor and strength of combat.. For
Adolph Schander, the uncle who seeks'
to set aside the will on the ground that
the decedent was of - : unsound mind
when she executed the testament, there
appeared Hiram, and Albert' M. John
son; and Stanley Jackson, the latter a
recent , acquisition. The . beneficiaries
Miss Dolbeer named are represented by
E. S. Pi 11 sbury. Garret TV. McEnerney
and W. F. "Williamson. '. •
Miss Warren, From Whom It
Is Sought to Wrest the
Fortune, Not in Court
STACK OF DEPOSITIONS
Coffey Bef uses to Postpone
It and Impaneling
> of . the Jury Is Begun
DOLBBER CASE
GOES TO TRIAL
the: san;? francisco;-; CALii;: ;thursday;3-november 3, ; 1964:
16
.- Important Event at Hale's To-Day
Remnants Laces at Half
Arid less.
, 25c yard for 50c, 75c and $1.00 laces; 15c yard for'25c, 35c
; and.45c laces. .
; . Short lengths, and many pieces of new styles that haven t
' been selling,the way they ought. Some splendid ideas that must
- have been kept* in the background. If they had been shown
¦they wouldn't be here now, nor will .they be to-night at
v these new prices we have marked them % to-day. Half and less.
.JDress trimmings, but see what kinds there are and how many
uses you can put them to. ¦ ¦•. - :
At 25c Yard At 15c Yard
That are worth 50c, 75c and $1.00. For laces that are worth 25c, 35c'
Point Venisc galloons, medallions an d 45c. White silk Chantilly
and bands in white, cream and i accs , pretty designsfor fancy work."
ecru; silk Chantilly galloons and Wh; v ; se , trimmings in me-
escunal galloons in cream white. . * . . ¦, •... & . , ,
Chantilly and escurial laces in Mack dalhon sha P c « whlte «cunal and
silk. More than 100 different pat- chiffon galloons and separable me-
terns.' AU-at 25c. ¦ > dallion shapes. All at 15c yard.
More NeW <*HatS Otlt ?Christmas Next Month '
' Starting next Saturday
T/*»n«im7 nf C1 iC Hale's will be open every
IO a Uay at *P%3,4i> Saturday night till Christ-
_ mas. .
Swell ready-to-wear styles in black, brown We want you who only **t
and blue, champagne and green. But it isn't l£^ v ££&Jg%& a?
the colors, it isn't the fact that every shape Haia*.. we know you want
.' . , ¦ ¦ ' , ¦ . ' - to buy where you can choose
is here, every one new and good. It s the from the best and th« moit.
* t_ , , . ," • . t •• TOTS AND DOLLS, heaps
way they are made, what they are made- of O f them on third floor. Heaps
and how daintily they are trimmed that »£• ***? 'SSd £%££
makes them such nobby street hats; that "^^ ™™
makes us emphasize them to-day at $3.45. cycles ail up to th» fourth
flocr.
They are all hand made, all examples of PYROGRAPHY DEPART-
•how much more. this Hale millinery store Is jrgg^ °5 R S? x Jg^ r g
doing for you this year than it has ever done teach you how to bum th«
• b«f oVe. Tour appreciation Is making: it possi- prettiest Rift*. wednes-
ble. Women have told us that the S3A5 hats crdat™ A good tarais j
we have had out before were equal to $6.00 outfit as low as 91 *5. ¦
hats they had tried on at extfuilve stores. We O N f^HE J 1^URra StSor.
think these new ones that are out to-day are Oriental toys and puzzles.
...the prettiest. But. it's what you think that ££%„!£"¦ **** wt * of ta - .
counts. * See them to-day. $3.45. O * . O
7>^-fnch Stein at 29c A 17c Doll
. : Third floor to-day. ¦ ~. :¦'¦•.;."'«
* -a t t ; V, T?t ¦•? i , Over a foot tall.
• Onef of those blue Flemish stone ....
steins,'-', neatly designed, 'fancy With a bisque head, moving eyes
bright .metal top. A splendid 50c and hair stuffed body, and it's 1454
value for 29c. Third floor. A pretty inches tall. It would be a splendid
gift. doll for 25c. But we want you to
Maybe you have a friend who is cxpect the unuS ual from this third
collecting or one whose den 1 you floQr - tf „ $tor want tQ ,
would" like to add to. Christmas f ' . ' ... J
next month. ¦ P rchcnd * he ess unusaal-
At 45o— Steins neatly embossed in the ness of this Christmas doll expose
new colored designs, with pewter tion. " "
tops. -¦ • . • • ' ¦
At 65c — 10-lnch St«ln« In blue Flemish -—* jg^ >».
stone, embossed figures and mottoes; .« h»l dw
At D 95c^-Three Vtyl««. with embossed &P/(&r&£l&' G&fi^^ t^BS
¦ figures, ' neatly ornamented wltn /fff -^ '
fancy colored scroll. $1.25 value *=* \^C^G<D*k
-"-': -'.:'- ADVERTISEaiEyrS.
" » ¦ m A H nt X^KsBI - -
r-'"B3S * J L a.^J^'JWf-' j ' ¦
39 STOCKTON ST- KEAB WHXTTT.
T el epioae Main 6522, .-
• NO BRAN'CH STORES.
Greater Inducements Than E'/ar at Our
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
BUTTER. Los Banos Creamery... .sq 35c "'
Extra quality. Strictly fresh. • • =
RANCH EGGS, very bestqoalify-dz47%c \
MINNESOTA EGGS ....per dm 27#c
DRIED APRICOTS and PEARS. Ib 12%c
Reg. 18c. Fancy stock. .
Eastern Sugar-Cured BACON. ..Ib 17}£c .-."•
Rf?. 20c. A itreak of lean and a atreak
' > of fat. . :
MANZANILLA OLIVES. ..... .per qt 243c ¦
Re*. =5c Good mlxm. ' • * .- '..
GERMAN LENTILS.. . . . :3% lbs for 25c '¦
Ret. 10c Ib. . . .
JERSEY CREAM. .3 cans 25e. per dx 90c
. Keg. 10c can— fl.lC^ doi,
PLUM PUDDING- . ib-tlaa/ \
1 2 3-4
Special 2Oc 4Oc fi5c' 73e
Regular 25c 45c '65c 85c
R. & R. and O. &. O. brands.
CALIFORNIA FRENCH PEAS..2 cans 25c
Reg. .20c can. Cod«. Porrwood's p«tlt« ~
pols.
CAROLINA RICE, in 2% and 5 Ib cartons
Special ....' 20o. 40c
Regular 23o 00c
' Notblns finer obtainable.
EASTERN SYRUP, .gal can 60c. qt bt /5« '
Resr. 75c and 20c. Amber color — Savor
delicious. i "¦'•¦*.',
FAMILY BOURBON., .bot 60c.galS2.50 •
R*5. 75c and $3.00. Good and cheap'
MARQUETTE RYE.. .per bot 89c -
Re*. $L00.
OLD TOM GIN. ......per bot 75c '
Rer. $1.00. German Imported.
ROCK AND RYE. ' ...... per bot 60c
Re*., SSc. Par* Ingredients ;-car«»'coIda
WHITE WINE ... p 9r gat 40c '
¦Re*. 50c A Utht tab!* win*. * i B
Guinness' Stout and Bass' Ale.. dz $2.00 I
Reg. $2.15. The dec's bead brand. m \
f Perfect Fitting (f^ '
Eyeglasses t|
At Moderate Cost M- ;
V 642 'Warke.tSt
r *WFANTS^|iNVALID3^(
- " A babe in'the house is a well- 8 prin e
-of pleasure " if he is properly fed and
well nourished, then he is 'uappy and
"everybody is happy."
Your baby Will be healthy and happy
and a well-spring of pleasure, if ya*»
will give him Mellin's Food. m
Sample bottle sent free of charge, M
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
ADVERTISEaiEyTS. " _,_ __;-._ HBHKa^^^S^^^^^^B
Your Winter Suit or Overcoat*
. ¦ r '"&SJL" ' For Man, Boy or Child
.Where Will You Buy Them?
fc^^''^-.'^"'''-''^ 1 ?^"?^^^^^^^ will you Duy t ricrn . I hat s a. matter
' oi S re at moment to all who are interested in
S^ilKfi:i^^^^^&, securing a dollar's worth for a dollar. In the
; "I^P§^^^^^^^™ • Brown Clothing the inside— the part that doesn't
.^^^^^ft^^^S Wm show—is just as conscientiously tailored as the
outside. That's a point worth remembering
-^^§-^^^P^ ™^^ when buying your winter clothing. Goodness
¦ |ft?^^S^^S °f Quality and cheapness of price go hand in
JP Jjjfl ;" Men's $14 to $35
i ff ¦ .Boys' $7.50 to $25 ;
I ' W ' ' ¦ - ' ; " ' Children's. . $2.50 to $ 1 6,
. ., I&TULj TO J^-AiJbT
and Gray shades HfrOR-MA'DlfFTW b^ W # ~ NiSht *
from $2 to $8 310 31orlAKl%£ I 3 I. MONTGOMERY TiU 10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEWARE
Of a cough, especially of infants
and delicate children. Don't wait
until the cough becomes hard, the
throat inflamed and the lungs and
bronchial passages ; congested.
Avoid cough remedies that contain
opiates, 'stupefying. drugs and dan-
gerous anodynes. . They only
quiet . . the . symptoms— drug the
cough into silence— but that is not
curing. A weak place is left to
cause, trouble later. A remedy
must be -used to subdue the in-
flammation, stimulate the secret
tions, soothe and heal the irri-
tated membranes and cure the
cough to stay cured. -
Mtfamsl
Irish Moss Cough Balsam is such
a< remedy^ It enjoys the indorse-
ments of many physicians, who
.use it. in their daily practice. Sold
, by your druggist at. 25c and 50c
bottle. ;.'., .• - ~ ' :
//This Signature in Blue Guarantees]
I Ask for UEB IG COMPANY'S.
Hot simply- LIEBIC'S °
tJUST7AS ; (kiODS?ARE.W0RTHLEa
carters! cuee slCK HEADACnB -
Wittle Genuine Must Bear
l!y?B Fac-Siraile Signafire
a PILLS. j*> _*• -
AD VERTlSEaiENTS. :' : :;'
a mm 111 mi ¦< ¦¦ imwiwin
FREDERIGlS
REMOVAL
SALE «r
of ¦Furniture, Carpets,,
Draperies, Lace Cur-
tains and Wall Papers
is nearly over. In a few
weeks we will take pos-
session^ of oiir new store
on Ellis st. , near M arket ;, I
: Jos. Fredericks & Co.
649-65 1 Nlarkei St. "
• * > Opposite Kearny St. , S. F.