THE WKATHEB. \
s~ •'.-'¦"'', '• ¦ It'i
Forecast inade at Saa Frxnd»co for
UUrtr tours eafilas mldaisbt. Jforem-
Saa Fr»nd»co and vlclaJty— Clondy
Frliay. probably thowers: fre«!i south- ;
crly wtad. G. H. "WILLSON. t
local Fcrccaster.
MON UMENT TO M cK N LEY IS U NVEILED
WITH impressive ceremony the majestic monument that the people of San Francisco have reared in Golden Gate Park
to the memory of William McKinley w^^Mw^l^i: yesterday:. afternoon^ Addresses were delivered by- former Mayor
James D. Phelan, . Mayor E. E. Schmitz, Reuben H. Lloyd arid John McNaught., Over 5000 people* were in attendance.
Fleecy clouds that mottled the after
coon sky dulled with their shadows for
several moments the animated scene
at the unveiling of the McKinley
monument yesterday afternoon at the
entrance to Golden Gate Park pan
handle.' Then from under the mists
the sun shone bright and gloriously
upon San Francisco's tribute to the
memory of .the nation's martyr Presi
dent — one of -the noblest characters
history has ever marked upon the
memoirs of the American people.
The personality of McKinley has
made a lasting impression upon the
people. " About the classic statue that
Was dedicated to him by the apprecia
tive people of this city there surged 5000
men,'\vomfen ; and children who seemed
to feel a personal Interest in the pre
sentation <ft the monument to the
municipality. ¦
f Three years ago there wds. a sponta
neous resolution among the people that
the city-of -San 'Francisco should rear
a monument, to' the beloved President
whose 'death' had a few days before
been encompassed by the .'. assassin's
hand. Fund3 began pouring In where
a willingness was shown to receive and
DESCRIFTIOX OF 3IOXI3EENT
The monument stands Immediately
to the left of the entrance to the pan
handle, the woman's figure towerins
fifteen feet from the pedestal of gran
ite, the top of which. Is twenty feet
above the ground. The dense cedar
trees form a background against which
beautiful inspiration. The hronze fig
ure representing the "Republic" ex
tending the palm leaf of peace and
holdins the sword to. the side at rest
from the war thrilled. Strains of pat
riotic airs and brilliant addresses full
of the sentiment of the occasion stirred
the hearts of the vast audience to their
depths and the memory of McKinley
lived strong in that mighty concourse
of people.
Unfortunately Robert I. Aitken, the
scupltor, was not present to hear the
praise of his work. He Is in Europe
at the present time and it was regret
ted that he could not participate in the
occasi<fn wherein his artistic hand
played so important a part. The naa;
niacent symbolical figure and the gen
eral scheme of the monument ranks
amon; the best of the work that 13
winning fame for the young San Fran
cisco sculptor.
Address by James D. Phelan
and Oration by- John
JV1C1N3. U^Fil.
Invites "Mike" Don
ovan to Wliite ;
House.
American Doctor Is
Rewarded After :
Many Years.
Englishman Sarcas
tically Attacks
His Hosts,
Summoned to the Court
til the Rajah Tipo
Sahih bl India. '
Mr, Roosevelt Decides to
-Renew His Study of
.'-.the Manly Art.
in London.
Unusual Incident Marks
Thanksgiving Function •
Incident of the World's Fair at
>,- Chicago Has Romantic
Sequel.
Feels the Effects of Months : of Physi
cal Inactivity During the
Campaign.
Sir Edward Clarke Finds Fault
* J With Institutions in the
.United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON, Nov. 24.— The annual
' Thanksgiving banquet of the Amer
ican Society at the Hotel Cecil to-night
was marked by the "presentation of a
portrait of himself to f Etntassador
Choate. , The '1 picture was "painted by
Hubert Herkomer and was paid for by
subscription by the members . of the
sqciety. ... •. ... \ '
An unusual note for such a gathering
was introduced by Sir Edward Clarke,
who, in proposing Choate's health, sar
castically derided the title, "American
Social Dispatch to The Call
', NEW. t YORK, Nov. '24.'— President
Roosevelt has written to hl3 old friend.
Professor Mike Donovan, boxing in-
Strcgtorl at - the New '. York Athletic
Club, -asking him to go to Washington
anS" "try him out." He has been jso
busy with the' campaign during the last
four, months that he has had little, or
no time to indulge in his favorite form
of exercise, and he is eager to get back
into what he considers proper physical
condition. : Mr. Roosevelt also wishes to
. KITTANNING? Pa., Nov. 24.— Dr. C.
A. Flower, one of. the' oldest practicing
physicians of, the K^klminetas
has Jufet returned f«jm St^lxjuls., where
he was called" mysteriously -*fcf&ut*#
week ago. "^ He comes •laden witli ' rare
Oriental presents and with i documents
to show v that - he has 'been appointed
house physician . for life to" the Rajah
Tipo Sahib, a potentate of India,, who
after, seven years of- search, has found
the physiciamwho, at Chicago.'dragged
PRESIDENT
SENDS FOR
EX-FIGHTER
CRITICIZES
AMERICANS
AT BANQUET
SAVES FOOT
OF EASTERN
POTENTATE
MAYOR TAKES OVER
PEOPLE'S TRIBUTE
FOR CITY'S CARE
SCULPTOR'S MAJESTIC CREATION STIRS CONCOURSE OF THOUSANDS
SCENE AT EXERCISES ATTENDING THE UNyEILING OF THE McKINLEV MONUMENT AT THE PARK
him from \ under « the feet : of r a camel
and saved' his foot from amputation.
Dr. • Flower, while,! on the ; Midway /at
the 1 ( Chicago .; Fair in *1S93, rescued ; a
young Hindoo from the ; feet ¦ of a camel
and ; later 'dressed t his ;-. foot \ and-;pre
vented: another ¦ physician [' ;from ,, per
forming ant operation! " The" lad 'seemed
to. be a person tof note, and on, "the
Continued 'on Pnsre 2, ' Column 6.
haver his eldest son'- instructed" in -the
manly* art^arid he*requested Donovan
to\ recommend, a Washington boxer to
give the youth lessons.. '•¦_ --
, Donovan was in his fighting days the
Tniddle-rweiejht ' ,'champion and, has
taught^ many members . of the Four
Hundred the proper way , to handle
their ' fists. 'This .will not ; be the > first
* Continued 011 Pase 2,: Column 6."
hold them" until a plan of organized
effort had been' consummated. It was
a remarkable outburst of patriotic
and sympathetic feeling. And yester
day these people still deep in. emo
tion came to do reverence and acquire
greater = strength from the lesson that
was taught by the life of McKinley.
In * the molding of the ¦ sculptor and
the carving 'jot the stone to telT the
lesson of a man's life work there was
the monument Is in classic outline!
Simplicity marks the creation of the
: sculptor; the committee having warm
ly indorsed thii idea when he advanced
it to them. Simplicity and its strength
marked the life - ol McKinley • and the
monument was mads to give expres
sion to this phase of the President's
character.
The' Idea expressed is that the
Continued on Pare 2, Column 1.
Kadl Maclean Imperiled.
TANGIER, Nov. 24.— It transpires
that Kadi Sir Harry Maclean, com
mander of the Sultan's bodyguard,
had arrived within eigrht hours' Jour
ney of Tangier with his family when
he was oblisred to turn back, owing to
the hostility of tribesmen, who were
anxious to capture him. The British
wrent at Alezar succeeded Jn purchas-
. Bate 3Inrder Suspect Released. f
JOLIET. III.. Nov. 24.— jr.'.' W.
Wicks, the Pontiac liveryman,": who
was arrested as a suspect, in, the"? Bate
murder case. .' will be . released, I. as it
has been . clearly ¦ demonstrated - he : _ is
not "Dove.** .
ing Maclean's .safety from the' tribes- 1
I men. :¦...>. ....... i
Embassador," declaring that. the word
•'American", implied domination , over
the, whole . of \ the Western , Hemisphere,
which" the United \States".does not pos
sess .and is , not entitled to, as Great
Britain territorially had a larger power
en .the, American continent ; than ¦ the
United -States.; .He suggested that ; a
more suitable title would ;be "Unona"
Continued i on * Page 2, ; Column 5. -~ »
THE THEATERS.
AIXTAZAR— '-Th* VUIaye FMtmastw.-
CALIPOR?aA— "The Rusawsys."
CKNTKAZi — "Queen c: th« "TCTUt*
**'iv*s * *
COLUMBIA— "Her Own Way."
CHUTES — VandeTtlle.
FISCHER" S— Vaudeville.
GRAX&- "Th» Show GIpL"-
MAJESTIC — •.The Taintas or Helen."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "Lucia." * > :
PRICE FIVE CENTS
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25. 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. ITS.
The San Francisco Call.doctor's leaving some one pressed Into
his hand an oval metal with Arabic
characters. He was asked for his card
and gave a plain card, 1 without any ad
dress, and passed on.
• One month ago he was handed a let
ter containing a clipping from a West
ern evening paper, calling the attention
of one Dr. C. A. Flower to the fact
that if he would call at the East Indian
headquarters in St. , Louis and bring
with him the talisman which had been
given him in Chicago many years ago
it would be to his good. Last week Dr.
Flower found the" Rajah In/St, Louis.
He had the medal and when he showed
It the attendants prostrated themselves.
". The Kittanning physician' soon found
that the Hindoo lad whom he had res
cued in Chicago was now the Rajah
Tipo Sahib, and: that he wished to be
remembered. He ¦ had- sent presents " to
the .value of about 110,000 'to the physi
cian In America and had^ given instruc
tions tha,t the doctor should b_e found,
If living. x Dr! Flower also was given to
understand that he was wanted in In
dia at his ¦ earliest convenience to be
come physician to , the . Rajah's house
hold.'. Dr: Flower says he will accept
the'-Dlace/ \ • ¦ ¦
signifying United ' States of North
America. Having _in the first public
criticism here of the State Depart
ment's suggestion that embassies here
after shall : be called "American" thus
uttered a respectful protest against the
assumption of the larger name. Sir Ed
ward proceeded. to refer to the miser
able underpayment of American judges
and America's waste of energies in pro
viding for survivors of the Civil War
and in building . ironclads t which she
would never use.
Ambassador Choate. replying, said
that Americans were quite satisfied
with their name and then referred to
the recent election in the United States
as a splendid tribute to a great man.
Having remarked upon the regenera
tion of public lif e - in "America regard
less of party, Choate alluded to the
ever-growing friendship between Great
Britain and America as a reason- for
Thanksgiving, and added: "I asked
Lord; Lansdowne if ;he was, ready to
negotiate a treaty of arbitration.
"/'.Why,' said Lord Lan3downe, 'it
goes -without saying.' "
Continuing, Choate maintained that
many . things ¦ go without saying be
tween Great Britain ; and " the United
States; above all, that they should avoid
all possible causes of offense and settle
their differences r by peaceful means.
He paid a ; high tribute to : the Arch
bishop of Canterbury's "rediscovery "of
America" :and dilated- upon- the value
of visits to .America by such men as
the Archbishop and John Morley.
The J Archbishop/ of Canterbury, pro
posing President Roosevelt's healthy ex
pressed sincere thanks for the great
hospitality with' which he was received
In America.- He said; America' faced
problems greater .than the world had
ever 'seen, but by a' stroke of genius
had found the : man to conquer; the. dif
ficulties.^; : : .
' "We on ' this side," said r .the VArch
bishop, : "n6f t less \than';brbthers\to'i you
across"" the Atlantic, thank ; God- and
take courage . because^ the; destinies ; of
'America are safe in Roosevelt's hands."
Three hundred and thirty people
were killed In Chicago last year by
railway accidents. The average for
big: cities in the United r*-,tes Is eighty
a year.
Wife Sees Hnsband Assassinated
MOBILE, Ala., Nov. 24. — Salvatore
Pompimellak, leader of the^ Italian
colony at New Palermo, on the" South
ern Railway, thirty-eight miles north
of Mobile, was assassinated by Fran
cisco "Cirrincioi. a member of the col
ony," to-day in sight of the former's
wife and child. | The colony Is in a
ferment, there being partisans to both
sides of the trouble which brought on
the killinsr. and the authorities of
Washington County look for further
bloodshed.
Two Onslaughts End In Disaster to
Slav Detachments.
FIELD HEADQUARTERS OF
GENERAL OKU'S ARMY. Wednes
day, Nov. 23. — The Russians are
showing some activity in front of
General Oku's army. At dawn to-day
detachments attacked in two places
the left and center divisions. The cen
ter repulsed the attack immediately
and the left did also after a hard
fight. As a result of the repulse the
Japanese occupied Poutuen. The Rus
sians left many dead on the field.
RUSSIANS ATTACK OKU.
He was indeed a good as well as a
great man; in the solemnity of this
Thanksgiving day we can with all
reverence Include his memory among
the things for which we are grateful
to the God of nations. His was no
jingo patriotism with the cry "my
country, right or wrong," but the holier
patriotism expressed In the sacred
motto "God and country." To that
patriotism we as a people must attain
or our republic will go the way of
pagan empires. It is good therefore. to
have this , memorial ever before our
eyes, that we may never lose the mem
ory nor fail to feel the Inspiration of
the life of the great statesman who
in a crucial hour of our country fought
the good fight and kept the faith-
The speaker had stirred the audience
to the spirit of the occasion and the*£
was prolonged applause when he con
cluded. The band gave a concert for
half an hour, while the spectators
walked around to view the monument
from all sides and admire its impres
slveness.. Throughout the afternoon
the crowds continued to come to see
It is a part. of the established order
of the universe that the Influence ot a
great man lives. 'after, him and never
wholly dies.. Our thoughts and lives
are largely colored and shaped by
spiritual influences that have come to
us from far back .in the ages; and we
may be sure that the patriotism, the
humanity and the faith of McKinley
still survive in the world and will not
be without potent influence? in the
councils of the republic and the minds
of the people so long as the nation
endures. He served the republic with
a devotion inseparable from a_n equal
devotion to the welfare of humanity
itself. He was one of the great men
through whom God hath wrought great
things. In four years of office he freed
Cuba and established Its. government
in independence; he made a way f in
peace for the construction under Amer
ican control of an isthmian canal to
connect the Atlantic with the Pacific;
he established in Asiatic affairs.a policy
which all civilized nations must In the
end^ approve and uphold; he' extended
the domain of the republic far into the
Orient and gave to millions of people
who had hitherto known only anarchy
or despotism, the blessings of liberty
protected -by Jaw; , he. .won back to the
Union the "affections as well as the al
legiance of the South and made us for
the first time a wholly united people,
and above all he set an example of
purity of life which has Its honored
remembrance' In every American home.
That great appeal of "large, divine
and comfortable words" found a re
sponse in the hopes and In the hearts
of liberal men all over the world. It
Is not too much to say that civiliza
tion itself, hearing the speech, paused
to watch what action would follow,
to what higher heights of statesman
ship the great leader would lead us on;
and then, on the next day after that
speech, "the eagle, soaring in his jnide
of place, was by a mousing owl hawked
at and killed."
statesmanship. It was a plea for
greater freedom of trade, a larger
amplitude of commerce, for a closer
relationship among the peoples of all
nations, and for the maintenance of
peace through high courts of arbitra
tion. "God and man." he said, "have
linked the nations together; no na
tion can any longer be indifferent to
any other"; and, he added, "Our ear
nest prayer is that God will graciously
vouchsafe prosperity, happiness and
peace to all our neighbors, and like
blessings to all the oeoples and the
powers of the earth."
Last of the Three . JIurdertTS of
Georce Meyer Payi*^.,^
the Pennltjr..*?n.»
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Xov. 24. — Otis
Loveland, the last ot the trio of rob
bers who killed George Meyer, a
farmer, near Alton, Ohio, more than
a year ago, was electrocuted in the
annex at the Ohio penitentiary a few
minutes past midnight. The electric
shock was administered at 12:04 and
he was pronounced dead at 12:13
o'clock. • " *tfi'
Two shocks were administered, the
first falling to cause death, and the
electrodes were readjusted. When the
second shock was administered Love
land's body jerked and twisted!, the
straps not having been properly
fastened.
OTIS IX>VELAXD DIES ..
LN* THE ELECTRIC CHAIR
pressor and. command him: "In God's
name, halt!". .•¦'?.-'
The American people under the lead
ership of President McKinley under
took that championship, believing the
war would have no other, end than the
independence of Cuba; -but. nations no
more than individuals can control the
sequence of events. We see the begin
ning of many things, but we cannot see
the end of anything. That-little con
flict, so. petty in comparison with" the
mighty , struggles that began the nine
teenth century, ¦ has had sequences as
far reaching and as portentous of good
or. evil as the most prolonged and ter
rible of the wars of the great Napo
leon. It transformed the ocean-girt re
public into an ocean girdling empire.
It carried our banner beyond the sweep
of the Pacific, to far off islands of the
Chinese sea, and established it in per
manent dominion over millions of the
peoples of oldest Asia.
NEW EPOCH IX OUR HISTORY.
' So great a change in the relations of
the United States to the rest of the
world marked nothing less than the be
ginning of a new epoch in our history,
and our politics, both domestic and for
eign, will be forevermore affected/by it.
All experience teaches that when an
old order of things terminates and a
new order begins the factor of supreme
importance in determining the course
of political events is the personal char
acter of the dominant leader of the
time. .The course of the commonwealth
of England after the war between Par
liament arid King Charles would have
been widely different had Oliver Crom
well fallen in battle Instead of John
Hampden; the French revolution would
have had another issue had Robespierre
died in the early days of the revolt in
stead of jMirabeau; we all know how
much of- the success of our republic is
due to the fact that at the foundation
of the Union it had the leadership of
Washington; we know how priceless to
the side of the Union during -the -days
of the Civil War was the personal in
fluence" of Lincoirii Even so shall we
recognize the high good fortune that is
ours in having had during^the Spanish
war and at the beginning of our colo
nial expansion the guidance, the influ
ence and the inspiration of the leader
ship of William McKinley.
For the right performance of the du
ties imposed upon him by the emer
gency of the war and its consequences
the man was so well fitted by nature
and by training that it seems almost as
if he had been prepared for the work
by a direct act of Providence. He had
lived his youth in times when the stress
and strain of the most tremendous civil
war in modern history tried men's souls
to the uttermost. He passed at 17 years
of age from school into the army, and
there, amid a million valiant men, so
distinguished himself that despite his
youth he rose rapidly to high rank on
the staff of his commanding general,
winning promotion by faithful service
and by gallantry on the field of battle.
With the close of the war he entered
political life and ' was elected seven
times Representative in Congress and
twice Governor of Ohio before his ele
vation to the Presidency. So from first
to last his course was steadily upward;
there were no accidents in his career;
he atained the chief magistracy of the
republic untrammeled by promises or
pledges, becoming in the dullest sense
of the words the free leader of a free
people.
HIS PERSOXAIi CHARACTER.
Through the whole course of his pub
lic life he was noted for a singular
sweetness of disposition and courtesy
of manner. He had-in a high degree
the fine faculty of making and retain
ing friendships strong enough to with
stand all the friction: of party strifes
and of individual ambitions. His charm
was something more, than the attrac-r,
tlon of a -personal magnetism.". It was
the rich perfume of. the flower of a
chivalrous and sympathetic manhood.
His nature was full and fine In all the
faculties and graces of | the affections;
his- tenderness for - his wife shone out'
over the ¦ whole ; land and will be , long
remembered as one of the most beauti
ful love stories in the annals of his
tory; while his wider sympathies em
braced within their scope of genuine
friendliness, everv ; degree and kind of
men with whom he had any dealings
whatever, and seem to have been In
spired always by that touch of nature
that makes the whole world kin.
- Such was the man whom the votes
of the people had' placed at the head
of > the republic when, in the resistless
march of events, " necessity compellea
this country to destroy the last ves
tiges of Spanish empire in America and
in v Asia, and to- provide governments
for the various peoples thus released
from their . ancient rule. ~ Every great
faculty- of his . nature was ¦ summoned
to great action by the issues that con
fronted him. Well was, It then . for
him, for ua and for the liberated peo
ples of the redeemed i islands, that > he
had . so worthily lived and so .unselfish
ly worked throughout his entire life,
that at this juncture' he, had the -full
confidence of his countrymen and their
full ' support in the performance I of ; the
mighty task before him. That, confi
dence could not have been given to one
legs noble. than himself, and without it
the issues resulting from the war might
have been involved in partisan. politics
to disturb the country for : years and
Ippvc a direful heritage for future gen
erations. siBSBBSflBKwtflH
The- influence of his personal char
acter was shown • first in the , calmness
and steadiness with * which agitators
clamoring > for war. were . held back un
,til •; the, rightf ulness , of • our cause was
made evident to all.and the sober judg
ment' of the • whole people was with
him ; it was shown again in * the "; com
pleteness with which he. won the hearts
of -the people of the South and roused
among them .'genuine devotion- to the
Union ¦ so „" that when ; the = call ¦„: to farms
was^ heard -j there 'were L no - A longer-; any
slightest ''traces lot Jold ' ; divisions '> and
anjtgonisms, •- but : only/ a , , loyal % rivalry
ua to .which Sta.ta sJiauld. be first to £ur-
WORK OF NATIVE SCULPTOR.
sculpture, but also to awaken the con
cious spirit to high ideals of public ser
vice and of private life. Therefore,
whenever a new monument of a noble
sort is i added to the city, we should
rejoice and give honor to those to
whose liberality and civic patriotism it
is due.
For this monument which we have
assembled to dedicate the city is in
debted primarily to a spontaneous im
pulse of. the whole people. So dear was
William McKinley to their hearts, so
near was he to their patriotism . and
their pride, that when his death came
so untimely and in. a fasl.ioti so dread
ful, the emotions of the mass burst
forth in a well nigh universal demand
for the erection of a monument which
would bear witness to their love for
hfm as a man and to the honor in
.which they hold his high service to the
republic.
ALL CLASSES EAGER TO GIVE.
The intensity cf the* feeling prompted
the people to action without waiting for
organization. Contributions for the de
sired monument poured in. from all
sides upon the city authorities and
the newspapers, so that a considerable
sum was donated before even so much
as a committee had been appointed to
take charge of it. Affer the appoint
ment the contributions increased rap-
Idly in number and in magnitude. Some
of them were given in sums so large
and with such munificence of liber
ality that any community might justly
be proud of having citizens capable of
such splendid giving; but as the con
tributions came from all classes and as
the laborer gave of his earnings as
generously as the millionaire of his
fortune, it would be invidious to select
any for special praise. Let it suffice
to say that Avithin a space of hardly
more than three months, • without re
sort to any indecorous means' of rais
ing money, almost -without even the
form of canvassing, there was donated
a sum of more" than thirty " thousand
dollars by the free, prompt giving of a
patriotic people. That is a record in
which the city and its citizens can have
a juster pride than if the whole sum, or
ten times the sum, had been given by a
single millionaire. .
Recognizing the full value of the
spontaneous offerings of the people,
let us not forget to give due honor and
praise to the members of the executive
committee, who organized the work
and carried it forward- in a well or
dered way with such efficiency of ac
tion and such excellerice of artistic
judgment as to provide for us the
noble monument we are now to dedi
cate.
One further fact in the story of this
memorial touches our local pride. and
adds to our gratification. The monu
ment is the work of a San Francisco
sculptor, a native of the city, an artist
whose .original genius germinated,
blossomed and bore fruit under Cali
fornia skies, without the aid of for
eign training or inspiration. Surely
then we may look upon this new orna
ment of our city with a glow of Just
and genuine satisfaction, for from first
to .last it Is an outcome of our crea
tive' faculties and self-directed ener
gies. It is a city of our own making
that is growing up in magnitude and
in . magnificence around us. ¦ It was
founded by the enterprise of • our
fathers; we are advancing it by. our
industry and adorning It through the
impulses of . our patriotism by . the
at tit= tic triumphs of our native genius.
Far beyond the reach of local pride,,
far above the height of local patriot- :
ism, are the reaches and the heights
to which our minds are carried and
lifted by the memory of the great
statesman whose fame and service this
memorial is designed to commemor
ate; yet even in his story there are In
cidents that touch us closely. We re
call: that he dwelt for a while. in our
city, looked into our eyes, grasped our
hands, felt his heart beat responsive
to our love, spoke in warm com
mendation, of our achievements and
gave utterance to lofty and splendid
prophecies of our future greatness.
We remember that his hand 4 turned
the turf for the foundation of the
monument that stands in the heart of
the city to commemorate Dewey's
great victory in Manila Bay and that
it was his friend and colleague, an
other President of the United States,.
Theodore Roosevelt, who in ; his turn
broke the ground for this monument.
Thus we have local recollections to
bring his* personal influence near.; to
us and to give something of tender
ness. to the feeling with which we re
call the far-off greatness of his work
and the sublime heights of his illus
trious career.
WROUGHT WORLD DESTINIES.
It is most appropriate, from- the
point of view of the larger history of
the.wor.ld that he should have laid. in
this city the foundation of the me-'
mortal of the victory . In Manila Bay,'
for despite his many services- in'; our
domestic politics he will, be .remem
bered, by future generations .chiefly
because of hia connection with the
war In which .that victory was won; a
war* in which his personality as the
leader of the American 'people exerted
an Influence so potent as. to .'affect' the
destinies not of this country, only, but
of the whole .world. . - : .
William McKinley became President
of the United States at a period when
forces, unnoted but irresistible, . were
about to readjust the balance 'of " the'
powers of -the earth * and change the
front of this republic from the At
lantic to the ; Pacific. When the war
against Spain broke* out .no onei looked
for the acquirement . of any area of
conquered territory. It was absolutely
a war waged for humanity, alone.' The
evils in the island ; of . Cuba;, had
come intolerable to the civilized,; world;
The dreary story c of blood I and
was too cruel to beJonger^bDrne.^Hu
man sympathies could iTendure 'ino
more. Christianity, ..chivalry,' -civiliza
tion '. itself, .cried; put for^a; champion
to . stand . across ..the bath' of * the- on-"
martyr President builded much in
statesmanship to strengthen the' re
public and make the blessings of its
Government greater still. A mantle
hangs over the back from the should
ers of the figure and the proud head is
held high, but the features express
sadness — the sense of grief embodied
in the typixk-ation.
Besides symbolizing peace after vic
tory, with the strength of the republic
to maintain it. the palm leaf held forth
in the attitude of determination ex
presses a tribute to the success of the
work of President McKinley In guid
ing the affairs of the nation in war
as well as in peace. The left hand is
on the sword that is held to the side,
victorious from a war and always
ready to defend the republic, but In a
position of disinclination for conflict.
The foundation of the monument is
massive and of granite, as is also the
pedestal. In every way there is ex
pression of strength and power, the
figure of the "Republic" being the
most marked of all. The life work
of. McKinley is 'most happily
taught in its most powerful
aspects. That is the most im
portant feature to mankind of the man
and his personality is submerged in
teaching the lesson of the great good
he accomplished for fellow men. The
sculptor has brought this point out
strongly in representing so forcibly
that which the life of McKinley exem
plified.
AITKEX'S IDEA.
The departure from the monument,
customarily consisting of modeling of
the figure of the man himself, was
urged by Aitkei/and accepted by the
committee. The only portrayal*of Mc-
Kinley in the person is a medallion
carved in the front of the pedestal. On
either side are marked the years of his
birth and death. 1843 and 1901, and be
neath his name is inscribed in the
granite. On another Fide of the
pedestal is the inscription: "This
monument was erected by the people
of San Francisco, A. D. 1904." On
the third side appears: "Ground for
this monument was broken by Presi
dent Roosevelt May 13, 1903."
It was shortly after 2 o'clock that
the cords were loosed and the covering
of the monument was allowed to fall.
The great audience that former Mayor
James D. Pholan, chairman of the
monument committee, had Just called
to order was moved to applause at the
inspiring spectacle as the majestic
figure was unveiled. With Chairman
Fhelan on the platform erected about
the base of the monument were the
other members of the executive com
mittee — Messrs. William Greer Har
rison. H. U. Brandenstein, E>. J.
O'Leary. James M. McDonald, A. A.
"VVatkins. S. G. Murphy. Rolla V. Watt,
Robert H. Fletcher and S. J. S. Ca
hill. Others seated on the platform
were: Mayor E. E. Schmitz, R- H.
Lloyd. L. F. Byington, Judge J. M.
Seawell, Gavin McNab, Dr. A. A. d'An
cona, John McXaught, Andrea Sbar
boro. James P. Booth. Dr. Saulfield,
F. J. Sullivan, William J. -Hynes,
Franklin K. Lane. S. G. Murphy, H.
I. Kowalsky. and representatives of
the Grand Army of the Republic, Hor
ace Wilson, F. J. Turpin, A. J. Itsall,
A. J. Vining and Owen Gorman.
MR. PHELAN'S ADDRESS.
Chairman Phelan's address was as
follows:
Ledi»>9 and Gentlemen: We come -here to
day i» honor a great name in our country's
Alston'. The patriotic people of San Kran-
< T .-»»i4 Vnrv#> »r<H-tP<l a monument in memory of
President William McKinley, and we are here
to unveil it. You will remembr the visit of
the Presidf-nt to this city In May, 1901 — how
he was received by our people with cplendid
enthusiasm and bow he graciously participated
in «>nt«Tta!nment» and ceremonial* arranged
for him by hla Cabinet. His sojourn among
w having been prolonged by the !Ilne*s of hla
¦wif*. the pporl"* learned to love him and ap
preciate the virtue* and patriotism which sig
nalize! hie life; and. when h«s departed from
our o!ty you all know that he bore toward It
the most kindly feelings, which he frequently
exj>r«*Md.
Within four months after his visit to our
coa*t he vi> cruelly slain. The citizens of San
Francisco, rhocked beyond expmvlon. In their
profound gri*f and awakened : patriotism held
memorial exerdres on the day of hia funeral
San Francisco's majestic and inspir
ing monument to the immortal Wil
liam MTKinley.
I and resolved at that time to erect a monu
j ment to his memory in order that the teach
ings of hia life and death might not be lost to
future generations and that the people might
te reminded tor all time of his love of coun
try, his public services and his martyrdom. A
committee was appointed, popular subscrip
tions Invited and over $30,000 was collected in
a very short time.
The work of the committee Is now accom
plished. The monument you see before you in
the work of a native sculptor and the bronze
was cast in one of our own foundries.
The heroic figure typifies the republic. One
haud reets upon the sword which has Just been
put down, the war of the President's admin
istration having; been honorably closed, and in
her ru:ht hand she holds aloft a palm branch,
eymbclicai of peace following victory. The
palm is as well a tribute to the statesmanship
of the President, who brought the country
safely through one of the most trying periods
of its national existence. The ancient saying
has it "'Who earns the palm, let him bear it."
But short was the time allotted to our sol
dier-statesman to bear the honors of his tri
umph and the reward of his deVotlon.
So this figure of the republic, majestic in
its wisdom and strength, endowed seemingly
with the power to confer honors and rewards,
)h now grief-stricken in the pre^nce of the
I King of Terrors, .which no earthly power can
overcome. You will so* that sadness rests upon
her face and tears suffuse her eyes. She ii
the picture of a mother Inconsolable. Power
j less to «ave her son. «>he can but show her
grief while she murmurs his praise.
The sculptor has done an admirable work, •
and now 1 have the honor, on behalf of the ;
committee, to present this monument to the
city of San Francisco and commit it to the
care of the honorable the Board of Park Com.
mUsioners.
MAYOR ACCEITS MONUMENT.
After a selection by the band Mayor
Eugene E. Schmltz was called. In the
name of the municipality he made ac
ceptance of the monument and prom
ised that the city's government, and
particularly, the Board erf Parfc Com
missioners, would for all time preserve
with loving care the tribute to the
memory of the illustrious President,
that it may teach the lesson of noble
manhood.
"With deepest feelings of apprecia
tion of the worth of William McKinley
as a worker for great good in our na
tion and as the typification of purity
in private and public life," said the
Mayor, "as a meager expression of
friendship entertained by. us for. one
whose kindly interest was many times
shown us, I accept this magnificent
monument from you on behalf of the
people of San Francisco., Set at the
very gate of our great park, almost
in the very center of the city, where
the lesson it has to teach may be im
pressed on the greatest number of our
people, may it ever evoke the vivid rec
ollection of the kindly life, the exalted
abilities and the lofty patriotism of
our beloved President. William McKin
ley. May this monument for all time
stand to symbolize nobility of man
hood." ¦ '
Representing the Golden Gate Park
Commission, of which he is a member,
Reuben H. Lloyd undertook the imme
diate care of the monument and ex
pressed a hap^y appreciation of the
decision of the committee to place It at
the entrance of the park.
1 AN ADMIRABLE SITE.
"The commission has long desired
that there should be some marked fea
ture at the entrance to the panhandle,"
said Mr. Lloyd, "and the committee's
decision to follow the suggestion that
it be erected on this spot gave us much
satisfaction. We believe It a most ap
propriate selection of a site. Our park
is approaching the rank of the grand
est parks in the world and in time
it will be one of the brightest beauty
spots on the face of the earth. With
our equable climate every tree and
shrub and flower can be grown In
Golden Gate Park, and if the policy
of the present commission shall be
carried out In the future, as I believe
it will, every tree, shrub' and flower
found anywhere on the globe will be
nourishing here with us. ".-..;. "
"And what better inspiration could
confront the visitor to the park than
a monument to the man who. lived for
his God, his country and his fellow
men. How better could the visitor be
stirred than seeing symbolized the life
of one of the greatest and grandest
statesmen the world has ever known.
"This monument, stands as well a
tribute to the good citizenship and lib*
erality of those who contributed the
$20,000 toward the building of it. When
the movement was organized for the
undertaking a man was chosen as the
chairman of the committee who is al
ways to be found among those ready
to help out financially . and with his
labor in the beautifying and Improve
ment of our "city. May this monument
through all the centuries be an Incen
tive to young men to study and there
by be uplifted by the, noble life of the
Illustrious McKinley." '
31 H. McXAUGIITS ORATION.
Again there was music and more ap
plause, after which • John McNaught
.was introduced to deliver the oration.
He SDokeas follows : :
Of old It was said, "Man. never works
so like a god -as* in = the • building of a
city." The saying derives its value from
the fact that in building a. city man
bends the crude materials and rude
..forces of nature .to. his. .will .and
makes for himself a dwelling place fit
ted for the delight of his mind, as well
as for the comforts of his body. A well
built city^is a realization of human
ideas, through the exercise of human !
energies, and is so distinctly an arti
ficial thing that the builders of it may
not unreasonably be deemed to have
exerted something of . a genuine cre
ative power.' .'•¦-; -
Each citizen should, In proportion to
his means, strive to have his city
adorned with every structure that
tend3 to the -maintenance of .the high
est civilization and to the uplifting of
the mind In Joy, admiration* and '.rev
erence. Among such adornments none
fills a worthier, place than those design
ed to commemorate' great events or: the
services of illustrious 7 men, for they
serve' hot only, to please the eye through'
dixmity ef- architecture and grace 7 of
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Lite's Influence Will Endure
Policy Bearing Good F t ndt
Palm Leaf of Peace
a True Symbol.
Liberty Flourishes in
Expansion.
Forced Respect of Nations
It Takes, Place With Monroes
OUR thoughts and lives are largely colored and shaped by
spiritual influences- that have come to. us from far back in.
the ages; and we may .be sure that the patriotism, the hu
manity and the faith of McKinley still survive, in the wofld
and will not : be without potent influences in the councils of
the republic and the minds of the people so long as the na
tion endures. He served the republic ;with a devotion in
separable from a devotion to the welfare of humanity* itself.
He was one of the great men through whom God hath wrought,
great things.— Excerpt From; John Mc'Naught's Address. .
Humanity's Welfare
McKinley's Aim.
His Asiatic Doctrine
Guide for World.
GOD WROUGHT THROUGH HIM
SPEAKERS EXPOUND TEACHINGS A NOBLE LIFE GAVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1904.
Continued From Pago i, Column 5.
PRESIDENT SENDS, 1
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
LED HIS COUNTRY SAFEL-Y.
nish its auota of volunteers to follow
the flag to battle and carry" it to vic
tory.
Chiefly, however, the value of his in
fluence was shown when the time came
to solve the problems . of the Philip
pines. No other statesman could have
led the people of the Unit.ed States to
agree so nearly unanimously in the an
nexation of those far. off islands and
the acceptance of the responsibilities of
their government.. He led us safely
into this path because he made it clear
to us that it is the right path; that for
America, empire does not mean impe
rialism; that there can be an expan
sion of liberty as well as an expansion
of despotism: and that, when the stars
and stripes are carried across the seas
they take with them every guarantee
of present good and future hope that
they have held out to humanity since
first they were unfurled in the cause of
freedom bv the hand of Washington.
Like all great men, McKinley be
lieved the duties of life are decreed
for "us by an overruling providence,
and that in its highest sense history
is nothing less than the record of
God's dealing with mankind. Over
and over again, while the issue was as
yet undecided in the public mind, did
he impress upon the people that the
establishment of order in the Philip
pines is a duty which under divine di
rection we owe to humanity even
more than to ourselves. Once he
said: "Wherever we have raised our
flag we have raised it not for con
quest, not for territorial aggrandize
ment, not for national gain, but for
civilization and humanity." On an
other occasion he said: "Porto Rico
and the Philippines have come to us
in the providence of God and we must
carry the burden, whatever it may be,
in the interest of civilization, human
ity and - liberty." So- again he '* said:
"When the A mists fade away and we
see with; clear vision, may we not go
forth rejoicing In a strength which
has been employed solely for human
ity and always tempered with justice
and mercy, confident of an ability to
meet the exigencies that await us, be
cause confident that our course is
one of duty and our cause that of
right?"
Holding these high aims ever in his
mind, and mounting steadily to ever
higherplanes of statesmanship, his in
tellectual horizon widened as he rose.
In the end he became not the leader
of a nation only, but a great master
of world politics and stood unques
tioned the foremost statesman of his
time. When the ; long* menacing
problem of China precipitated itself
upon the world by the Boxer outrages,
civilization looked to him for light and
leadership; nor did it look In vain.
His declaration of American policy
toward China not only satisfied' the
interests of the nations, but cheered
the conscience of humanity itself, and
the time may yet y come . when the
American people will uphold the Mc-
Kinley doctrine in Asia as . they up
hold the Monroe doctrine inv America,
and make it an . honored, renowned
and enduring: part of an inviolable
foreign policy.
LAST SPEECH HIS GREATEST.
Then came 'af the Buffalo Exposi
tion, the great oration, in which his
genius expanded its luminous wings
to the fullest -and farthest flight of
CRITICIZES AMERICANS.
time that Roosevelt and Donovan have
boxed. TjVhen the former was Governor
of New fork he invited Donovan to Al
bany and they had a lively set-to In the
executive mansion.
"Mr! Roosevelt is an excellent In
flghter," said Donovan. "He knows the
game thoroughly and surprised even
me with his science. He is quick on his
feet, handles his fists well and does not
know what fear is. He lunges right in,
and the man who is opposed to him
has to do some pretty lively footwork
to keep away from him."
Continued '¦ From Page 1, Column 4.
SftVES FOOT OF POTENTATE.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;~
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c ! u: x s i v e
liigh-Grade Clothiers
Ke Branch Stores. No Agent*. >
GOOD-FITTING CLOTHES
ARE VERY, VERY SCARCE.
HERE'S WHERE WE EXCEL.
FIT YOU ACCURATELY.
THEN AGAIN WE'RE STRONG
ON. EXCLUSIVE STUFFS.
THAT'S OUT OF THE USUAL.
K e, a r n y S t r e e;t
T.h.urlo-w B J o c;k
APVERHSKMrTVT&
IM'KKESTEN'G, IP TRUEL
Ton Can Try It for Yourself and
Prove It.
One grain of the active principle In
Stuart's Dyspesia Tablets will digest
3000 grains of meat, eggs or other
wholesome food, and this claim has
been proven by actual experiment
which anyone can perform for himself
in the following manner: Cut hard-
boiled eggs into very small pieces, as
it would be If masticated, place tha
egg and two or three of the tablets in
a bottle or Jar containing warm water,
heated to 98 degrees (the temperature
of the body), and keep it at this tem-
perature for three and one-half hours,
at the end of which time the tgg will
be as completely digested as It would
have been in the healthy stomach of
a hungry boy.
The point of. this experiment is that
what Stuart's Dyspesia Tablets will do
to the egff in the bottle it will do to
the egg or meat in the stomach, and
nothing else will rest and invigorate
the stomach so safely and effectually.
Even a little child can take Stuart'3
Tablets with safety and benefit If Its
digestion is weak and the thousands of
cures accomplished by their regular*
daily use are easily explained when it .
is understood that they are composed
of vegetable essences, aseptic pepsin,
diastase and Golden Seal, which
mingles with the food and digest it .
thoroughly, giving the overworked
stomach- a chance to recuperate.
Dieting never cures dyspepsia, neith-
er do pills and cathartic medicines,
which simply irritate and Inflame the
intestines.
When enough food is eaten and
promptly digested there win be no- con-
stipation, nor in fact will there.be dis-
ease of any kind, because good diges-
tion means good health in every organ.
The merit • and success of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets are .world-wide and
they are sold at the moderate price of
50 cents for full-sized package in every
drug store in the United States and
Canada, as well as In Europe.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S <ircat#
# MUSEUM OF ANATOMY $
O MS U5XiCA2XXTST.tit.ttfcA?tt,f.r.Cc}
A >SL< L Y»««'AB»t«"u««l Mows in -it \
h Ksin 5 Bea ! l «»*""'- l *«-'—'ytfc.-.id.*f
O in> 1 b P ea » :iltwllk «Coi«. E»C3*y«rv O
d fifjg J CR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN A
A iT^SSyS _ Con » ulli rfoa traa ind itHrtty prW.te. \
V B &*4 fl !" M " n< ">* P'raiill, or b» letter. A A
U I !J I • Write fnc Book. r« ILtt« oral' »f A
\ H I . ¦¦AmmiAOK. MAILXD FXS.K. ( A 7
A O li- rateable book for mm) . » • \
V DO. Jordan * co. 1061 Market St..S. F. 9
Ahrays. Remember the Full J<ame
S QXStlVG y&l°OinO (^\12U1IS1Q
Cures «CoId in One Day, Crip in 2 DaysThanksgiving Day - Services Conti nued
"-Scarlet fever is practically, unknown
in7Japan._ Typhoid 'fever; is more! fre
quent; than ; in Europe, .'consumption
, yrbe . sacred* shrines of Japan, taken
as a whole, are; probably j their
try's most attractive' architectural f ea-"
ture. - Many! of »them y are'. very ancient
and are-j, valuable ;: as . illustrations < of
Japan's, art tn the past.
nooncr Dies From His Injuries.
-J. F. Hooper, the painter who fell
from a swinsring platform at Octavla
and Jacksen streets Wednesday after
noon, died at the Emergency Hospital
yesterday- The Coroner's offlce was
notified an! took the remains to the
A man trrald rather overlook bis sins
than overhear then.
Tramp Minstrel Show.
Mission Rebekah Lodge, L O- O. F..
will entertain Its members and
friends in Excelsior -Hall to-morrow
night with a novel entertainment
called "The Tramp Minstrel Show."
There" will be a programme ef up-to
date songs and ballads, also a few new
Jokes.
By order of Chief Wlttman Com
missary Shaw treated the prisoners
at the City Prison yesterday to a sub
stantial dinner of turkey, mince pie
and other good things. About forty
"drunks** begged Judge Cabaniss not
to discharge them till after/ the din
ner hour, but the Judge was obdurate.
Prisoners Eat Turkey.
A special union Thanksgiving ser
vice 'was held at the Park Congrega
tional Church, Hayes street, near
Lyon. yesterday morning. The music
was beautiful and the service, which
was special, .was - most effective. . A
large congregation was present.
Service at Park Church.
Gemilus Chasodlm to Entertain.
The Gemilus Chasodlm. or Hebrew
Free Loan Association, will celebrate
the seventh anniversary of its institu
tion' by giving an entertainment and
bill to Its members in Lyric Hall next
Sunday evening.
A union Thanksgiving day service
wa3 held, yesterday in Lebanon
Church, corner of Sanchez and Twen
ty-third streets. Lebanon congrega
tion was joined by those of Trinity,
Bethany and Holly Park churches.
The Rev. : Dr. Pond preached the
sermon. The clioir of Lebanon Church
contributed the music, singing, among
other selections, "O, Lord, How Mani
fold Are" Thy Works." by Barnaby,
and "Ye Shall Dwell In the Land." by
Stainer.
Tbree Congregations Join In Prayer
and Son? at Lebanon.
CHUnCIIES UNITE IN SERVICE.
Emmanuel Baptist Church, on Bart
lett street, between Twenty-second and
Tvrenty-third, held special Thanksgiv
ing » services yesterday morning, at
which exceptional musical selections
were rendered br the church choir.
The Rev. J. George Gibson deliver
ed a Thanksgiving sermon, in which
he dwelt on the contrasts of life —
tears and laughter, sighs and songs,
sorrows and thanksgivings. He spoke
of the blending of joy and gladness
and the banishment of selfishness at
seasons of good cheer and thanksghr-
The musical portion of the service
consisted of organ solos by Miss Lotta
J. UnderhllL cornet solos by A- F.
Roberts, piano solos by Mis3 Lillian
Bennett and Miss Alta Hawiey'and a
violin solo by C-' H. Blank. Bary
tone and soprano solos by Dr. Gibson
and Mrs. F. Thoronghman were given.
The" special Thanksgiving offering was
for the poor.-
3Icmbers of Emmanuel Baptist Church
Hear Fine Sfnsinj.
SPECIAL- HOLIDAY SERVICE.
Under the direction of Organist
t"arau*-l T>- Mayer a well arranged pro
gramme of sacred music, was rendered
at the Tncnksjlvins service at the
First Congregational Church. Post
and Mason streets, yesterday morning.
At the conclusion. of, the musical pro
gramme the Rev. George C. Adams.
D. D-, delivered a sermon on "Whom
the God of This People Chose." The
attendance was large and the offer-,
tory., which^ was . liberal. : will be used
for, charitable parpoJea.-^
Sacred 3Inslc Is Rendered.
The Rev. Dr. Clampett Delivers
Tbanksgivins Day Sermon.
A small but handsomely gowned
congregation assembled at Trinity
Church yesterday morning to partici
pate in the /Thanksgiving day services.
Though the singing of the choir wa3
excellent the 'programme rendered
was In no sense a special one. Nor
jvas any effort made to embellish the
service, though it was most Impres
sive and stately.
The Rev. Dr. Clampett. pastor of
the church. oSlciated- He also deliv
ered the sermon, taking his text from
the 101st Psalm, "Blessed be the Lord.
and forget not all his benefits.** He
called to* the minds of the congrega
tion'the great religious spirit that un
derlies Thanksgiving day and pointed
out that here in America Goii should
be ever praised for the benefits he had
In his beneficence showered upon the
people.
The offering at the service will be
! devoted to the benefit of the Episcopal
Old Ladles* Home, which Is in need
1 of financial assistance.
SERVICES AT TRINITY.
At County Jail No. 1 a large table
was spread and 123 prisoners, await
ing trial or who are to be sent to the
State prisons, were served. Superin
tendent John E. Sullivan was present
and Captain Archie Laskle was re
sponsible for the perfect arrange
ments and for the bill of fare. At
County Jail No. 2 Captain Quill looked
after the menu and the 262 prisoners
who were seated pronounced the din
ner one of the finest they had ever
eaten. Miss Hanley, matron, cared for
the women at County Jail No. 3. The
prisoners*, dining-room was decorated
with evergreens and the place made
as cheerful as possible. When* the
seventy- five Inmates were seated and
the good things placed before them
they had none but good words for the
Sheriff and for those who provided
for them.
The prisoners at the three city and
county jails enjoyed excellent repasts
yesterday. Turkey, cranberry sauce,
celery, pumpkin pie and other eat
ables were served in abundance. For
an hour In each place of confinement
revelry, as far as the rules would per
mit, reigned supreme and all ate to
their fullest capacity.
Prisoners Enjoy Sumptuous Repeats
Under Direction of Keepers.
THANKSGIVING AT JATL\
Don't pat on more airs than yoa eaa
conveniently get away with.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24. — The largest
number of steerage passengers, wtt*3
two exceptions, ever brought to this
port in one vessel came In to-day oa
the steamer Main from Bremen. Thers
were 2531 names on the steerage list.
targe Fnaseugrr list.
This ia an appropriate Thanksgfrtojr topic.
bec&oae every mercy bears a responsibility for
wise uae la God'* name. Unless there has beea
a due ackaowledrment cf God's ownership
thankagi-rtn* U a travesty. Gcd ha.* himself
placed as especial emphasis upon stewardship.
Let the camlnr year b* a year of thas'iuglv
lr.». because ef the exaltation of the Klnc of
Glory a« th* complete possessor of all things
asd ccraetres hi* stewards.
Th« Ereatest question of human latellisence
is, ""Who ehall aacend into the hUl of J«ho
xxh, and .who ahail stand in his holy place?"
It is th'/.c;- of all men so to do, bat Jehovah
Justly crtermices the ccodltlcns. These ar*
"clean t'l'^T asd a $atr« heart." dean h*™^
stand fcr honesty, and therefore only an honest
rt" say etacd before Gcd.
We are chars^-able with dlsbonesty and mal
feasance In office If. as stewards, we (1) regard
oat endowment aa oar own; (Z) appropriate to
oar own ptsrposee the income ef tiod*a posses
sion: (3) fall to consult God hi the adainistra
tion of < his property. No steward has cteaa
hand* whese tine is a.bsort*d tn eel£sh cper*.
Tions. whose opportunities for *ood are unreal
ized, who does not to the besc of hi* ability act
as atetan*r of God's beneilcenc*. •
Tb/e divine ov-nen&ip of all things Is as onl
rersally acknowledired theoretically as It ts de
nied practically. The ScrJ^ares dearly ex
press Gc8'« absolute and sole ownership of the
earth and Its d"»rell«rs. Xot en* moaent, one op
portoslty. cr.e dollar, is man's, except as a
rtenard for th* Almlshty- We are his by
creation, asd also becacse ef the dally mercies
» h.ch mjtort oar life.
The union service held at the "West
Side Christian Church. Bush street,
near Devisadero, was well attended
and the excellent musical programme
splendidly rendered. Joined in the
service with the West Side Church
were the First English Lutheran, Ply
mouth Congregational, Hamilton
Square Baptist. Centenary' M. E.
South and the First New Jerusalem
(Swedenborgian). The offertory,
which was a generous one, was turned
over to the Fruit and Flower Mission.
The Rev. Louis J. Sawyer of Hamil
ton Square Baptist Church, who
preached the sermon, took his text
from Psalm xxiv: "The earth Is Je
hovah's and the fullness thereof." In
part he said: .
Tfcia rsaisartic p»a!is. *ukj by the PTjceawion
which brought 'th« ark to the temple, is typical
J of the triumphal entrance of Jehovah into hi*
( spiritual kterdem.
Christian Church.
Unusual Service Is Held at West Side
SIX CONGREGATIONS UNITE.
The music, which was under the di
rection of R- J.^ Harrison, was effec
tively rendered.
Extracts from the solemn masses of
Cherubini and Wilcox composed the
musical portion of the solemn cere
monies. The splendid regular quar
tet was largely augmented for the oc
casion by a chorus of fine voices.
The services at St. Mary's Cathedral
were of a highly Impressive, order.
They consisted of a requiem mass for
th* repose of the souls of the de
parted members of the Young Men*3
Catholic Union. The cathedral was
crowded. The members of the union
came in a body and occupied seats In
the front of the sacred edifice.
Rev. Father J. F. Byrne of Napa of
ficiated and chanted the beautiful
choral portion of the service. The
s*rmon was delivered by the Rev.
Father Fleming of the Church of the
Sacred Heart-
Father Hannigan and Father Ramna
assisted in the services.
Men's Catholic Union.
Requiem Mass I? Solemnized by Young
SERVICES AT CATHEDRAL.
Thanksrivins Day Brin^ Together
Contin«*ntal Travelers. f
VIENNA, Nov. 2 4. — Embaasador
ar.d 3!rs. Storrer held a Thanksgiving
day reception to-day. The Embas
ndor'a residence was crowded with
members of the American colony at
Vienr-a ar.i many American tourists.
Secretary Hale and Mrs. Hale. Second
Secretary Rives and Captain Harris,
the military attache, and Mrs. Harris
assisted in receiving the gnests.
ROME. Nov. 24. — Embassador
Mayer this afternoon entertained the
American eclony In honor of Thanks
glvir.g «iar.
ST. PZTEP.SBURG. Nov. 24. — The
American *ag f.yt=g from the embassy
is th<» only official observance of
ThMV\ttUiiix day here. The custom
s-^T reception and dinner at the em
baisy were not given on account of
the absence 'of Embassador McCor
'safck in the United States. W. E.
Scvlth, a prominent American resi
dent of this city, however, gave a din
rer to the members of the small
American colony.
BERLIN. Nov. 24. — Thanksgivirig
day was observed by 200 American
resiients of Berlin with a banquet at
the KaiserhoL Consul General Mason
presided and addressed the company
on the prosperity of the United States.
A telegram of felicitation was sent to
the President,
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 24. —
Thark-glving day was generally ob
served fcy Americans here by a short
church service In the foreljn colony
stnd a holiday at "the American col
leges. ¦
Flags were hoisted over the legation
asd consulate buildings. There was
a dinner party to-night at Hissar,
Char?- Jay and other members of the
American legation attending.
OXFORD. England. Nov. 24. — The
Rhodes students at the university as
semblM for a Thanksgiving dinner,
to-night. Henry "White, secretary of]
the American embassy, responded to
the toast. "Th*» Day We Celebrate"*;
*>r. R. G. Parkin, principal of Upper
Carra-cUan College, Toronto. Ont. T to
"Absent Rhodeans From His Ma
jesty's Dominions'* and to the "Mem
ory of Their Benefactor." Sir Fred
erick Pillock responded to the toast.
• Our Sister University of Cambridge
and Our Universities of America." -
HAVANA. Nov. 24. — Americans re
siding in Havana held Thanksgiving
services and there was a ball to-night
at the American Club.
AMERICANS ABROAD
Chorus; readies. Miss Lillian 4 Nolan; chorus,
alto solo. Miis R2£ini Scfcneid'r; reading.
Mi«s Gertrude Cotter. Tableau. "Th« Irr.raa.im
late Conception." characters — Mary Immacu
late. MUs Clara llichaud: cherub*. Anaie Cro
nin. Hary O'Brien. Ida Eellins-er. itarF Mor
rison. Alma, Zorn. Alice Plttman, Dorothy
Manning. Oeorytna Burns, Irma Ealcycakl.
Dorothy Hallmeyer. Mary llatcar*. Chorus:
reading. Miss Mary Harmon. TabUau. "Tae
Nativity. B. V. M.." characters — St. 'Anne.
llisa Pla Berg*: any-Is. Gertruds Haadley.
Edith Klatt Grace McDonaM. Chorus alto
solo. Miss Alice Leahy; readizy, Mrs. A." Ren
nie. Tableau. '"Th* Presentation o* Miry."
characters — St. Anne. Miss Pla. Bsrse: St.
Joachim. Mrs. Bannon; the Blessed Virgin.
Dorothy Manning; the hisrh priest. Hiss Marion
Vernon; maids. Alzo Aubrey. Margaret Hunt.
Gladys White; ploca women 1^ terapU Mlas
Frances Mitchell. Mlsa Annie JIcDevlttl Miss
Anita McPhte. Mrs. McNaushtcn and her child.
Chora*; reading. Mrs. Narben Schneider.
Tableau. "The Annunciation."' characters —
Blessed VTitrfn. Miss Clara Michand; the Ads^I
Gabriel. Hiss France* En. Tableau "Mary
and the child Je«U3." characters — The" Blessed
Virgin. Mias Clara Michaud; the holy child
Jesus. Florence Olsen; the ang-el. Aeton'tta
Berge; an?eU. Mary Morrison. Gladys White.
Margaret Hunt. AI20 Aubr«y. Chorus alto
solo. Miss EU Kreiy: reading. HLss Annie
Peterson. Tableau. "Th- Mother of Sorrows."
character* — The SorrowTa! Mother Mlsa Clara
Michaul: St. John. Ml«s N'ellle Pmrera. Read
ing. Ml«s Dora Cereyhino: the Salve Re?ina.
Tableau. "The Queen of Heaven." ch»ract«ra-^
Queen of Heaven, Miss Clara Michaud; myr
iads of angels.
In honor of Thanksgiving day a sa
cred scripture cantata was given yes
terday afternoon by the Immaculate
Conception alumnae under the aus
pices of the Dominican Sisters In the
St. Anthony's Convent hall at Army
and Folsom streets.
The cantata consisted of readings
and tableaux interspersed with musi
cal selections by the large choir and
the hall wa3 filled with the members
of the church and their friends, who
thoroughly enjoyed' the afternoon's
entertainment-
The programme was elaborately
rendered By the girls and the readings
of Miss Lillian Nolan. Miss Gertrude
Cotter, Miss Mary Hannon, Mrs. A.
Rennle, Mrs. N. Schneider, Mrs. H.
Doephner, Miss Annie Peterson and
Miss Dora Cereghin were very Inter
esting.
The following is the programme:
The Rev. David Evans Refers to Arbi
tration in Thankssirins Sermon.
Thanksgiving- services were held in
Grace» Episcopal Church yesterday. A
large gathering of devout worshipers
attended the 10:30 service and offered
thanks for the benefits of the year that
has passed. The sacred music by the
choir was very impressive.
The Rev. David Evans, rector of the
church, preached the sermon. He chose
for his subject: "But thou shalt re
member the Lord thy God, for It Is
he that civeth thee power to get
wealth that may establish his cov
enant."
In his sermon the Rev. Dr. Evans
told his congregation~that this wa3 the
day that had been set apart by the
nation on which to pray for the con
tinuance of prosperity and (he preser
vation of the country. Dr. Adams re
ferred to the great labor convention
that Is being held In San Francisco
and its belief in arbitration and said
the time will come when all disputes
will be settled by arbitration. He told
the congregation that he believed the
powers would eventually take a hand
In the existing trouble between Japan
and Russia and settle it in a tribunal
that favors peace.
SPEAKS OF THE WAR.
Takes Care of Many Families.
The ladies of the Youns Women's
Christian Association remembered
nearly a hundred poor families, to
•whom a g-ood dinner 'was a blessing:
They sent out dinners to poor, sick and
needy women and children.
It is through the co-operation of
friends and the generosity of many of
the leading merchants that many fam
ilies were provided with either a tur
key, chicken, ham, beef, bacon and
flour, tea. coffee, sugar, crackers, po
tatoes, onions, beans, fresh and canned
fruits, vegetables, bread, butter, rice,
cheese and mince pie.
Among 1 the ladies active in the work
of the association are: Mrs. W. O.
Gould. Mrs. G. W. Prescott. Mrs. J. F.
Merrill. Mrs. L. Martel, Mrs. G. P.
Thurston. Mrs. S. P. Tuggle, Mrs. 1L
P. Jones, Mrs. H. J. Sadler, Mrs. A.
Unger, Mrs. F. E. Mayhew, Mrs. N. G.
Kittle, Mrs. F. A- Ijams, Miss H. L.
Reed, Miss Helen Van Winkle-
Yonnsr Women's Christian Association
A union Thanksgiving service of
Methodist Episcopal churches wa3
held at the California-street Metho
dist Church yesterday morning, the
Rev. James H. N. Williams, pastor of
Simpson Memorial Church
the sermon, in which he said:
With cur tips let us Uiaak aad praise the
Lori; with our liv»s to us do bis wili. Tfcanks
[ living ts better than tha:ik»jivla*. But *raU
[ tu> U a becoming and beaatlTal virtue ia
. thoa# who are tin r»ctpt«nts of farors and
I mercies. A s«10sb mind ts a base Dial. Aa
ungraceful heart Is a wick-d heart. Addison
a%£d:- "Earth produces r.otfciay worse than aa
nngratefnt mas."
Since thec we are Scrtptnrally «harted: "Ia
everythlag- *tre thanks." ' and tie President
troclaiics a. day el tliankssivtns. ebsenrtny It,
we are in harmony with our chiefs call, na
tional rrec*dent and th-» will of God.
Surely as a nation w» need to b« still a while
and lot God sp^ak. We are a people siren to
istjcil :.i'i;n?. Wcrd»: words! word*!, how th*y
multiply upon oar ltps. Redundancy, verbosity,
volubility — tow wi cet!gfct in It. We are ver
satile. We can tali on any subject. It mat
ters not what our knowtedse may be, we caa
talk. talk. talk. To what a reduction ha» the
satlunity of. speech oft«n ccmel Let us hear
God speak. "The Lcr-i is tn his holy tesple:
let all the earth keep silence before him."
Tie toleration of public -evils must not ten*
endcre. The nation r-.ust abclish the saloon or
the saloon will abclish the nation. The holy
Chr'sttin Sabbath must be restored to Its richt-
TMl place. Reverene* for this;? sacred and re
i^pect for law most be inculcated and enforced.
i or principles of anarchy will »pr»ad. Public
I officials must be clean, honorable men. With
the ftar o'f Gcd before ocr eyes, and hi?a
purpose and honor la the nation, we shaQ not
fail to succeed tn every task, nor to sclv*
e-<fery prolilem until the highest point of na
tk>o»l destiny ts reached In that rig-hteocsnesa
which ei'tlts the nation.
The other ministers who addressed
t the congregation, which taxed the ac
[ eomrnodation of the church, were the
[ Rev. W. P. Stanley. Rev. F. A- Keast.
j Rev. B. E. Paddock. Rev. George W.
White. D. D.: Rev. E. F. Brown, Rev.
A. C- Bane, Rev. F. M. Larkin. Ph. D..
and Rev. E. D. Raley. Sacred music
was beautifully rendered, J~ H. Hallo
well presiding- at the organ.
SCEXE AT THAXKSGrVTVG DIN
NER GIVEN" BY SISTERS OF
HOLT FAMILY CONVENT.
Young People Enter
tain Friends in
the Mission.
TIIE POOR ARE REMEMBERED.
Methodists Assemble in
the Same House
of Worship.
ALUMNAE
RENDER A
CANTATA
MINISTERS
UNITE IN
CEREMONY
Thanksgiving day fittingly ushered
in the holiday season and ' the busy
time of preparation for the near by
Christmas is at hand.
Thanksgiving dav has passed and the
people, turning their thoughts from the
fortunes cf the year that is gone, look
again toward the future with renewed
hope. It is well to pause once each
twelvemonth and survey the vanished
days that stretch behind and weigh the
blessings that have fallen within their
period. It is then that the mind is
cleared of doubt, ambition is stimu
lated, the world moves on with In
creased energy and benefits to man
kind accrue.
In nearly all of the churches of the
city services were held yesterday.
Ministers spoke of the favors that hare
been showered upon the American peo
ple by Divine Providence. _ Organs
pealed out the melodies of thanksgiv
ing anft voices were raised in songs
of praUe. Large congregations at
tended these services and contributed
liberally at the offertories that the
cause of charity might be enriched.
And. as is the custom in San Fran
cisco, the sick, the aged, the unfor
tunate little ones and the poor were
not forgotten. Dinners were sent to
those unable to buy them and young
sters whese parents could 111 afford the
luxury of a Thanksgiving dinner were
dined and lavishly entertained.
The spirit of charity was abroad and
If there were any that did not pax
take of its good cheer it was because
they were unworthy. Even the pris
c-ners in the jails did not go without
the good things of the season, which
were freely distributed, and for the
hour the iron bars and the Iron bolts
were forgotten.
_ And the Sisters of the Holy Fam
ily" are already working for another
merry hour for the children on Christ
mas day. There will be a feast and
a tree that will hold a present for
each of the youngsters. And the best
of all ts that Christmas Is not far
away, so youthful patience win not
be too sorely tested waiting for Santa
Claus to call them to their fan.
It was a glad feast. Pretty girls by
the score hurried around the tables
wielding the keen carvers and secins
that every tiny guest was well sup
plied. For an hour these youngsters
dined and laughed. When the last had
cried enough their hands and pockets
were stuffed with fruit and they were
shooed out into the yard, where they
romped and told one another of
the wonders of the banquet.
It was a wholesome sight to watch
them at their contented play and to
know that the spirit of charity Is ever
ready at holiday times to bring hap
piness to young lives that, without it.
would be filled with darkness and the
despair of disappointment that- only
the child mind can know.
And yesterday, as has Ions: been the
custom of the sisters, their young
charges were feasted in honor of
Tban-ksgivlng day. When the littla
ones marched into the five large halls
where the tables were spread they
clapped their chubby hands in de
light. Long rows of wen-browned tur
keys, puddings, pies and fruit — the
same as may be found on the holiday
tables of the rich— were there to glad
den them. And everywhere Rowers
were banked and ferns were placed,
while the stars and stripes lent a
touch of cheerful, patriotic color.
A beautiful act of charity was per
formed by the good Sisters of the Holy
Family at their convent. Hayes and
Fillmore streets, yesterday afternoon.
Seven hundred little children rrert
their guests at a Thanksgiving dinner
that carried more cheer to their young
hearts than even the hope of a near
visit from Santa Claus.
These hundreds of little gue3ts ar
the children of toning mothers that
are compelled during their hours of
employment to give their little ones
into the charge of the sisters. All day
long these youngsters are cared for
at the Sacred Heart Hone, 13) Haye*
street, the SL Francis Home. H13 Pow
ell street, and the Home of the Holy
Family. 4» Sfxth street.
FEASTS AT JAILS
"WASHINGTON, Nov. •*.— With the
exception of a notable absence of call
ers, business at the White House pro
ceeded cr=ite as usual dcrfasg the morn
ing hours of to-day. President Roose
velt appeared earty at his private cf-
Sce in the executive building and. with
Secretary Lcefc, transacted a consider
able amount c? routine business and
disposed of his persona! mail. Shortly
after U o'clock, accoxapajiisd by Mrs-
Roosevelt, Theodore Jr. and Miss
Ethel, tiie President left the White
House fcr a long horseback ride. They
were absent several hours.
The President has completed his an
nusJ message to «_onsress and it is
new Li th* sands of the printer; in
deed, printed copit* of the document
already have been r!*red before the
President. Mr. Roosevelt was anxious
to finish the message before he started
fsr St. Louis and for a week or more
h»s devoted every minute of his spare
time to the preparation of the paper.
President Roosevelt and a party of
about fifteen vfD leave at midnight to
night for St. Louis. The :rip will be
rr.a.de in a special train on the Penn
sylvania. Railroad. The party will ar
rive in ?t. Louis early Saturday mim
ing. The proieramme for the two days
the Fr»;s:dent will remain in St. L*)uis
has been completed, but has not yet
been made public. Extraordinary care
will be taken to insure his personal
safety.
The President will leave St. Louis
Sunday night for Washington, arriving
here eariy Tuesday morning. He
will be accompanied by Mrs.
R csevelt and Miss Alice Roosevelt.
The clerical force at th- "White
House was dismissed at I o'clock to
enable the clerks to enjoy their
Thanksgiving dinner. Work at the of
£<¦<? was resumpd. however, later in th"
dzy :n crder that tfce desks might be
cleared before the President's depar
ture. To-night he had a fam
ily •party at" the White House for
th* TTwnl i'»jfcl ¦ lag dinner. Those pres
ent include*! the members cf the Irn
rr.eiiate family of the President and
the house guests, among whom were
Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Robinson and
Miss Robinson of New York.
Tharkseivin;? day was observed gen
erally throughout tie city. The Gov
ernment departments were clcsed fcr
the dav and most of th? business
houses were not opened during the
afternoon.
MORE FUN' "COMING
Government Clerks Given
Ample Time to Enjoy Their
Thanksgiving Dinners
Seven Hundred Lit
tle Ones Dine at
Convent.
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— ilore per
sons whose hones are in New Yor«c
spent the day in the country than «ver
before 03 a Thanksgiving day. to jodsa
by the records kept in the various rail
road stations. At one terminal alone
about 65 ¦:> trains were handled, which
carrisd about 70.000 passengers to
New Eng'and and points up the State.
¦f-It is estimated that more than
400.000 turk£T3 x were necessary to fill
the demand in this city alone and
most of thi3 vas? number were sold at
3) cents a pound.
Hundreds or baskets of food wer»
distributed araocs the- poorer farqf{*yy
In the lower section of the ci:y and
liberal Thanksgiving cTizners were
served to the needy In many quarters.
At the Bowery Mission alone plans
were made to serve dinner to 100O
homeless men to-night- Scores ot
similar institutions had the city's un
fortunate ones for their guests.
In her cell in the Tombs Prison Nan
Patterson, the young woman oa trial
charged with the murder of Caesar
Young, the wealthy horseman, ate her
dinner alone. "I had hoped to be
hcme for Thank3giving." she said,
"especially on account of my mother,
who Is very ilL Eat the celebration
is only postponed."
A letter which Miss Patterson re
ceived from her mother to-day said:
"We expected you to be home for
Thanksgiving, but there can be no
Thanksgiving for us until you are set
Miss Patterson received several
presents from her friends to-day.
Among them was a five-pound box of
candy, which she shared with the
fifty-seven women prisoners in the
Tombs.
Warden Flynn offered to have Miss
Fatterson'a dinner sent to the Tombs
from a restaurant, but the prisoner re
fused, saying: "No, Til take prison
fare."
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 24. — Thanksgiving
day betng the last holiday before ths
close of the exposition was taken ad
vantage of and the attendance was
probably a record-breaker. The crowd3
started early and for several hours
long lines of visitors stretched from.
each entrance gate, slowly filing
through the turnstiles. The heavily
leaded streetcars constantly poured
out a stream of visitors, particularly
at the main entrance, and the fore
noon bad well advanced before the
crowds at the gates had thinned down.
Inside the grounds Thanisgivins
dinners were served in Tpar>y of tha
State buildings to Invited guest3 and
in other buildings and exercises com
memorative of the occasion were held
ir» Festival HalL
DETROIT. Nov. Z *. — With "unity In
things necessary, liberty in what ia
doubtful, charity in all things." a*
the motto for the day. an Interdenomi
national Thanksgiving service was
held In the Detroit Opera-house to
day. Ministers of nine dernoninatxoss
participated. They included a Jewish
rabbi, a Catholic priest and Baptist.
Congregational. Presbyterian. Episco
palian. Methodist. Universailst and
Unitarian pastors.
"^an" Patterson Eefuses to
Have Meal From Eestau
rant, Preferring Jail Fare
Philanthropic Soci
eties Take Care
of Needy.
MANY MADE HAPPY
ASSIST THE POOR
HIDES WITH CHILDREN
POOE AEE GIVEN FOOD
President Visits Office for
Few Hours and Transacts
Some lioatine Business
Holiday Gives Xew Yorkers
a Chance to Enjoy a
Day in the Country
Thousands Join in
Services in the
City.
Children Are Merry
Guests of Holy
Family.
CROWDED CARS
TAKE HUNDREDS
FROM THE CITY
CHURCHES AND CHARITIES PARTICIPATE
IN THE IMPRESSIVE FESTIVAL OF PRAISE
QUIET MARKS
DAY AT THE
WHITE HOUSE
THANKSGIVING DAY
CELEBRATED BY A DEVOUT
PEOPLE THROUGHOUT LAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Evaporated I
B Cream 1
ran ' Ft
|1| ahrays bears tfcs abcvs cspfi
|| label It rr.zzzz the sarceBj
HH 23 tsTTirg yen that we Kj
. Hi back u? its parity with afff
£3 Made by the krjes: pro- *jt
Mgi&ctt CI Evapcraiedlrai
Jl&sg Creana in the vcrid. >HgL
£9ncf JhS IRABBI NIETO TO LECTURfJ TO-NIGHT.—
Rabbi Nieto will lecture this evening at Con
gregation ; Sherith:- Israel on ' "The * Founders." of
the : Jewish Faith. 1 : ,• ; The - lecture • will ? be • the
fourth i- of ,• the . series • on ¦ the .: Jewish , prophets
hv lUbMKitUi 'itnSNHH ¦¦*¦¦' "-"V
, Dr. Hemphill compared . San Fran
cisco of to-day with ancient Tyre, say
ing they. were both queens of the wa
ter and : that : San '-. Francisco must be
careful- lest ¦ the • fate* of , Tyre
hers. He desired to r emphasize.'cer
tain ¦ points ?: for v* the' men of San
Francisco;. ;^The first waa integrity,*
There was a ', Thanksgiving service
at the First Church, .Van
Ness avenue, . at . which the Rev. ; John
Hemphill, D.D., pastor, of Calvary
Presbyterian Church, delivered , the
sermon.
Dr. Hemphill Deals With Duties of
Citizens in Municipal Politics.
PRESBYTERIAN SERVICE.
' YOUNTVILLE, Nov. 24.— Happiness
reigned supreme at the Veterans'. Home
in Napa County to-day. As is the cus
tom here, the usual holiday dinner was
served. There were fine California tur
keys with the accompanying cranberry
sauce, graham and wheat bread, sweet
potatoes, celery, mince pies, oranges,
bananas, cheese, tea and coffee. There
were 609 veterans , served .. In the : main
dining-room and 164- in- the - hospital,
making 773 in all, The only.: difference
made In the hospital dinner was the ad
dition of raw, oysters. •'. ;
Customary Thanksgiving , Dinner,; its
Served at Yountville Home. :
VETERANS ARE FEASTED.
ST. JOHN, N. F.; Nov. 24.— The
steamship Stord, from Sydney, C. B.,
with coal, for whose safety fears were
felt, arrived to-day.
Steamship Stord Is Safe.
. Rabbi Isidore Myers then invoked
God's blessing on the country, its peo.
pie and administration, after which
Rabbi Levy led the large assemblage
in singing the national anthem. The
musical part of the service , was con
ducted by Cantor ( Rabblnowltz.
Thanksgiving services were ob
served at Geary-street Temple, at
which the rabbis of the synagogues of
San Francisco officiated. Rabbi Nieto
of Congregation Sherith Israel, in an
impressive manner, offered a beauti
ful Thanksgiving . prayer, . and Rabbi
Kaplan read the lesson, after which
Rabbi Voorsanger delivered a sermon,
taking for the basis of his discourse
the. 7 2d Psalm. He made the senti
ments expressed therein regarding. the
attributes "that constitute a wise mon
arch applicable to the American peo
ple. The rabbi held that the mate
riar prosperity which they now enjoy
can be made permanent if the attri
butes of righteousness and Justice are
inculcated into the rising generations
of Americans.
Impressive Services Held . at Geary-
Street Temple — Rabbis Officiate.
3Iembers of Grange Go on Excursion.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov.- 24. — Mem
bers of the National Grange went to
Seaside to-day, having left Portland
for a flying trip to the coast The
convention will adjourn to-morrow
afternoon.
Intuition often enables a woman to
reach a wrong conclusion quickly.
Christian Association Entertains Two
Hundred at Thanksgiving Dinner.
Following its custom, the Young
Men's Christian Association enter
tained fully 200 young men at dinner
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock. The
dinner was given by the woman's
auxiliary of the association in honor
Of the young men,' principally mem
bers of the association, who are with
out permanent homes in the city.
Mrs. E. E. Kelly, chairman of the
auxiliary, was president of the day,
assisted by a large corps of matrons
and maidens, and young men separat
ed by oceans and continents from
home and home ties were made to
feel quite at home in the spacious
dining-room of the institution. .It was
In all respects a most successful af
fair and great credit is due Mrs. Kel
ly and her co-workers for the delight
ful home entertainment these young
men were provided and they will have
occasion to long remember our na
tional day of Thanksgiving.
The feast was opened by singing
"America," Mrs. H. J. McCoy presid
ing at the organ, and grace was said
by Henry W. Davis, religious work di
rector of the association. General
Secretary McCoy presided, / and ' fol
lowing the appetizing menu short ad
dresses were made by several mem
bers. It was ascertained 1 that many
nations were represented at the gath
ering, as were a large number of our
own States. '
HEBREW THANKSGIVING.
CHEER FOR YOUNG MEN.
LA PLATA,. Md., Nov. 24.— A num
ber of men blew up and destroyed the
building of the Southern* Maryland
Savings Bank to-day and secured
$3000 cash. Nltroglycerln is sup
posed to have been the explosive used.
Robbers Blow Up a Bank.
Continued From Pajje Three.
SAN DIEGO, Not. 24. — Edward
Kennedy of Sacramento has aaked the
Chief of Police of thla city to assist
him In a search for his mother, Mary
Bridget Kennedy, whom he last saw
irt Auckland.. New Zealand, eight
years ago. He believes she Is in Cal
ifornia, but he has been unable to find
Son Is Searching for His Mother.
THANKSGIVING
DAY SERVICES
PARIS, Nov. 24. — The Chamber of
Deputies to-day voted by large ma
jorities the details of the budget of
public worship as drawn up by the
Government. The feature of the de
bate was Premier Combes' declaration
"in reply to motions to suppress or
reduce the budget." The Premier said
he was determined to suppress, and
not reform, the concordat, and there
fore asked Republicans to be patient
and not complicate matters by partial
modifications, but to await his bill for
the separation of church and state.
Determined to Suppress the
Concordat.
French Premier Combes Says He Is
BUTTEj Mont., Nov. 24. — A special
from Bonita, Mont., says that Frank
Brady, an alleged poacher, was shot
and killed about twenty miles from
Bonita to-day by Deputy Sheriff Wy
man, while resisting arrest.
Deputy Sheriff Kills Poacher,
PERMANENT SEPARATION
OF CHURCH AND STATE
VICKSBURG, Miss., Nov. 24. — By
the exolosion of the boilers in a, cot
ton gin in the town of Walters, a sub
urb of this city, two lives were lost
and several persons Injured, two of
them seriously. The dead: West Smith
and Henry Hebron, both colored. Se
riously injured: Luther Hebron, In
ternally, and Andrew B. Land, leg
broken and head crushed.
Cotton Gin Rollers Explode.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 24. — Forty
Eastern manufacturers who have dis
plays at the 3t. Louis Fair want apace
at the Lewis and Clark Centennial.
As they cannot obtain as much space
as they wish to have In the Manufac
turers' Building they have applied to
the chief of the exhibits department
for ground space for an exclusive
manufacturing building, in which
Eastern working exhibits, embracing
pen making, hat making, shoo manu
facturing and various other forms of
manufacturing, can be carried on. The
manufacturers will utilize the prod
ucts made up while on exhibition on
the grounds by returning it to ttm
Jobbing houses for sale.
Announce Their Intention of Making a
Big Display at the Ijevria and
Clark Exposition.
T.hen he dwelt on the Importance of
religious men taking part in municipal
politics and said that through the
carelessness and Indifference of- reli
gious men In municipal affairs^the peo
ple of New York and St. liouis consider
themselves virtuous as compared with
San Franciscans.
The Rev. George G. Eldredge, pas
tor of St. John's Presbyterian Church,
offered the prayer and the Rev. Mr.
Stephens of the Franklin-street Pres
byterian Church read the President's
Thanksgiving' proclamation.
Dr. Hemphill called upon his hear
ers to let. the same spirit animate all
their dealings — to prize honor above
all else.
The second point he advocated was
the strenuous life and said that Presi
dent Roosevelt had shown how the
strenuous and the simple life can go
hand in hand.
and In taking up the point ho said
Kossuth, the great Hungarian patriot,
when fleeing from Russia to Con
stantinople, was offered asylum by the
Sultan on condition that he should re
nounce Christianity and become a Mo
hammedan. Kossuth In answer said:
"I fear not the gibbet nor the scaffold,
but cursed forever be the tongue that
proposes such to me."
EASTERX MAXTTFAOTCIIERS
WANT SPACE FOR EXHIBITS
Hope for- the* Safety of the Greek
Steamship EIpls Is Aban
doned.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 24. — The
Greek steamship Elpis, long overdue,
Is now regarded as lost. It is believed
she sank in a recent gale in the Black
Sea and that her entire crew and a
number of passengers were lost, a total
of seventy-seven persons.
SEVEXTY-SEVEX PERSOXS
; \ PERISH IX A SHIPWRECK
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER. IS93.
SPECIAL. NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owlngr to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed b«fore the public from time t» time,
we would reppMJtfully call »the attention of
purchasers of tickets. to buy only from respon
sible apents and to see that their ticket* read
as follows:
THE ORIGINAL. LITTLE BENEFICENCTA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO. ORGANIZED SEP
TEMBER, 1S03. 4
Each coupon has the initials M. £ F. on the
face and back of the ticket.*
The following ar* the capital pri2*9, as de
cided by THE BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
COMPANY of the City of Mexico. November
24, 19«4: No. 0423 wins $7SC0, sold In San
Francisco, Cal. : No. 630- wins $2500, sold In
San Francisco and Oakland. Cal.: No. 33492
wins $1230. sold In San Francisco, Cal.; No».
2421S. 54142 554S4. 57W3. 6«103 tach wins $125,
sold In 3an' Francisco, Cal.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M % & F. Co. for October 27. 19O4:
¦\Vm. fohultit. captain No. :i Truck. San Fran
cisco Fire D«cartm«nt, 1421 Market St., Ban
Francisco. Cal.. $3750; Mrs. A. Bowman. 342
Tehama irt.. San Francisco, Cal.. 5.'57.M»: Frank
n. Prince. «H Eddy St.. San Francisco. Cal..
$1250: Kadoslav Zlokovlch (waiter). 814 Third
-?t , Pan Francisco, Cal.. $1250; TV. S. Chand
ler, 8S13 TelesTaph ave., Oakland, Cal.. $C23;
F. E. Lockwood (druggist). 430 Ellis st., re
siding at 1415 Washington st., San Francisco,
Cal., $625. _ •
The Original Little Beneflcencla Pub
lica Companv of San Francisco,
There are scores of cases of persona
having been cured of various ailments
of the body, particularly lff&g trouble,
by coming to West Texasand leading
an open-air life on the ranches. This
Is Just what the. Southern Pacific pro
poses to encourage and direct on a
large scale. All the camp equipage,
horses, food supplies, physicians and
in fact everything needed will be pro
vided by the railroad and the traveler
will be charged only a nominal sum to
helx» pay for the expenses of conduct
ing the open air sanitariums.
This project Is in the personal charge
of John T. Patrick, who is looking after
the industrial development of Texas
along the line of the Southern Pacific.
Patrick's headquarters are now at
Houston. He is busy making arrange
ments for the Inauguration of the
novel enterprise. He says that the
first caravan will probably be started
out early in January. The party to
make the Initial trip has talready been
made up. It will be headed by Dr. J.
J. Kindred of Long Island, N. T., pres
ident of the River Crest Sanitarium.
Dr. Kindred is greatly interested in the
open air sanitarium Idea and he be
lieves that the new venture of the
Southern Pacific will prove a great suc
cess.
The railroad will provide a supply
of good horses and wagons and the rec
reation and health seekers may rove
over the country in true cowboy style.
The temporary tent cities will provide
shelter for those who prefer periods of
rest.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 24.— The experi
ment of establishing open air sanitar
iums on a large scale is to be tried
In the healthful) semi-arid region of
West Texas, under the auspices of the
Southern Pacific Railroad. The novel
plan is to be followed by the estab
lishment of caravans for health and
pleasure-seekers who will carry with
them a full and complete camp equip
ment. These nomads will use their own
pleasure, guided largely, however, by
the advica and discretion of the physi
cians and attendants who will accom
pany them, in moving about from
place to place.
• EDINBURGH. Nov. 24.— Scotch tail
ors have an American to thank for a
sudden boom in a particularly well
paying branch of their trade. Since
young Bradley Martin distinguished
himself by appearing in Highland kilts
on his wedding day, quite a number of
orders have been received by makers of
the national costume, who believe a
real revival is coming and are corre
spondingly elated.
Fashionable kilts are expensive gar
ments. .The materials employed are
costly and only skilied hands who have
served a long apprenticeship at the
work are competent to make them^ In
consequence of the .sudden "boom"
many workers in "tartans," . who for
some time have had to content them
selves with poorly paid labor. In army
clothing factories in London, - where
uniforms for the Highland regiments
are made, have crossed the Tweed
again and are finding steady employ
ment at excellent wages in the fash
ionable outfitting establishments of
Edinburgh, Aberdeen and Inverness.
While the canny Scots openly, ridicule
the taste displayed by American ¦' so-
Journers who Insist on arraying them
selves in Highland garb, they have a
shrewd appreciation of the money to
be made by ministering to then- folly
and . devoutly hope that next season
every American who shoots over a
Scotch moor will feel it incumbent upon
him to wear glorified kilts.
The lavish and ostentatious display
Of diamonds and other costly Jewelry
at the Bradley Martin wedding was
seized upon by some Journals, both
Scotch and English, as a text for unc
tuous discourse on the vulgarity of
wealthy Americans. It is a case of
those who live in glass houses throw
ing stones. Fashionable English wed
dings are by no means characterized by
modest simplicity. Opinions may differ
as to the taste displayed in making
elaborate semi-public exhibitions of the
wedding gifts, but there can be no
question that the custom generally fol
lowed-of-sending -to newspapers for
publication detailed descriptive cata
logues of them, often with the price of
the articles attached, is atrociously
vulgar. -Rich English folk are Just as
fond, as rich Americans of showing off
their wealth, and At the Americans
usually make the finer display it lsbe
cause they generally have the most
money. . ' ¦•.,-- . . • .
Literary associations of uncommon
interest surround Celbridge Abbey, the
ancient mansion In County KUdare,
Ireland, whose contents are about to be
sold at auction. It was at Celbridge
that Dean Swift's famous admirer "Va
nessa" took up her residence in order
to be near the author of "Gulliver's
Travels," and there that he viBlted
and finally parted with her. "Vanes
sa's" real name was, of course, Van
homrigh— "her only ugly feature,"
Bwift called it— and her presence at
Celbridge Abbey must have been rather
embarrassing to the Dean of St. Pal
rick's when there was "Stella"— his
other fair friend— Just on the other side
of the Liffey. "Vanessa'* died in 1723,
leaving directions in her will that
Swift's rhymed account . of their ro
mance should be published. In Miss
Vanhomrigh's time Celbridge Abbey
was called Marley Abbey, it having
been built by a wealthy Anglican
Bishop of that name.
American readers may be interested
In hearing the names of the six "best
eelling" novels inahis-couatry at pres
ent. Since this list was drawn up a
day or two ago Hall Calne's new ro
mance has appeared and probably leads
In point of sales at the present moment.
Previous to its appearance, however,'
the six best sellers were as follows:
"God,'s Good Man," by Marie CorelH;
"A Ladder of Swords," by Sir Gilbert
Parker; "John Chilcote, M. P.," by K.
C. Thurston; "Kate of Kate Hall," by
Ellen T. Fowler; "Double Harness,'' by
Anthony Hope, and "Traffics and DIb
coveries," by Rudyard Kipling.
While Inspecting a girls' school in
her country the other day, Roumania's
literary Queen told for the first time
how she came to choose her pen name
of "Carmen Sylva." The royal poetess
Bald that as a child ehe used to roam
about in the woods and listen to the
singing of the birds. These excursions,
used to be her great delight and. the
cause of long day dreams, which de
veloped in her the craving to write po
etry. So, feeling that she owed her in
spiration to the singing of the birds,
she adopted her pen name in memory of
Carmen, "the Bong," and Sylva, "tha
wood." HAYDEN CHURCH.
Ject of football. It seems that her lec
ture, which was on behalf of the Leices
ter Infirmary and Homes for the Blind,
was under the auspices of a football
league. Miss Corelli confessed that she
knew nothing about football, but said
she noticed that fair play was always
Insisted on, and supposed that was
why it waa such a national game. She
said, too, that she did not believe that
men who played football as Britishers
played it would be capable of behaving
after the fashion of certain Russian
naval officers who are now on their
way to the Far East
Future American visitors to Denmark
may have to forego the pleasure — which
so many of their countrymen have en-
Joyed— of seeing "Hamlet's Grave."
The so-called grave, which Is at Ma
rlenlyst, near Elsinore, Is threatened
with destruction by a new railway line,
and it seems possible ¦ to do
nothing to preserve it. Great indig
nation at the desecration, as it is called,
Is felt in Denmark, although— in spite
of the fact that tourists from all over
the world visit the spot every year
there is no evidence whatever that the
bones of Hamlet He there. . -
OELBRIDGE ABBEY.
Cuban officials unreservedly admit
and condemn the bad sanitary condi
tions in some of the eastern cities.
Dr. Finlay, who- has a high reputa
tion as a yellow fever expert, asserted
that there was not a single case of that
disease in Cuba. It was an impossibil
ity, he added, that half a dozen marine
hospital inspectors should have discov
ered cases which the thoroughly or
ganized health department of Cuba had
failed to discover, and more than Im
probable that they should know of such
cases and yet fall to call the attention
of the Cuban department to them.
Dr. Finlay reiterated that the only
case originating in Cuba— more than
three years ago — was that of the Amer
ican, Scott Fuller, at Punta de Sal,
which was extremely light and of ques
tionable authenticity. Suspicion at
tached also to Fuller's attendant, but
the disease had not developed. Health
officers at all Cuban ports treat all
fever symptoms in arrivals from Carib
bean and South American ports as sus
picious, and also all others that are in
the least .Questionable. These are in
variably detained and isolated until
they die or are cured.'
Dr. Delgado, a Cuban, who is in tha
United States marine hospital service
at Havana, disclaimed any knowledge
of yellow fever cases thla year except
in six cases who arrived from Mexico
and which were immediately Isolated.
Of these, two died and the others re
covered.
HAVANA, Nov. 20.— "We challenge
the United States marine hospital service
to point out. as alleged, that several
cases of yellow fever have appeared in
various parts of Cuba," was the re
sponse of Dr. Carlos " Finlay, chief of
the department of health and sanita
tion, when shown a dispatch from
Washington to-day assigning that as a
reason for. the Instructions of the
United States to Minister Saulers to
call the attention of the Cuban Govern
ment to the unsanitary conditions at
Santiago and elsewhere in the Island
and his prompt and thorough remedy of
these conditions'.
Special Dispatch to The Call
United States District Attorney Hall
and Assistant Attorney General Henry
bent their energies to convince the Jury
by the testimony of A. W. Barber, a
clerk in the General Land Office, that
the claims in the now notorious "11-7"
district, by which homestead patents
were Issued, were never improved or
resided on by any of th« claimants to
whom they were awarded, and that th«
Issuance of patents was upon testi
mony false from beginning to end.
Barber was the only witness ex
amined by the Government this fore
noon. He testified that he was a prac
tical surveyor .and had conducted ex
aminations of surveys in fifteen dif
ferent States. Last June he had pro
ceeded to township 11 south, range 7
esst, on written Instructions to examina
Into conditions there. Four men ac
companied him- They went over tha
territory In question and found an in
accessible forest. His instructions were
to examine a list of twenty-two claims
as to improvements and residence.
Barber read a list of the claims ex
amined, among which were the follow
ing names:
Harry C. Barr. Henry Young. Joseph
Wilson, Emma Porter, Maud "Witt,
George W. Pettis, George A. Graham,
Nellie Backus. Zenas K. Watson, Frank
H. Wolgamot, Thomas Wilklns, Chris
tie E. Langham, Albert O. Austin,
Mattle S. Lowell, Alexander R. Brown,
John F. Foster, William McLaughlln
and James A. Taylor.
Twelve of these claims, the prosecu
tion contends, were deeded to Emma L.
Watson, among them that of Emma
Porter, whom the Government claims
is none other than Mrs. Watson her
self.
evidence differs in detail
from all the sworn testimony given by
the alleged homesteaders in making
proof.
The witness said he found that the
homestead law had not been complied
with in any respect as regards resi
dence, improvements and cultivation.
The country Is mountainous, there wera
no roads, no houses, no fences, no
fields, no barns nor any of the other
homestead appurtenances of which tes
timony is made in the proofs-
PORTLAND, Nov. 24.— LJnk by link
the Government Is forging the chain
of evidence by which it is hoped to
prove the existence of a conspiracy to
defraud the United States, out of thous
ands of acres of Its public lands.
Special Dispatch to Th* OOL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
which the gallows was placed. He
never forgot the rustle of the thin black
gown the- woman was wearing as she
wes led forth by the warders. A pen
etrating rain waa falling; the white
cap was.no sooner over the woman's
head than It dung to h«r features, and
the noose' was put around the neck of
what looked like a marble statue.
Hardy looked at the scene with a
Btrange illusion of its being unreal, and
was brought to his complete senses
when the drop fell with a thud and hla
companion on a lower branch of the
tree fell fainting to the ground. The
tragedy haunted Hardy, and, at last,
provided the emotional Inspiration and
some of the matter for "Tess of the
D'Urbervilles."
COMJIEMORATING AUTHORS.
English-speaking countries could
take a leaf out of the book of Con
tinental ones with advantage in the
matter of commemorating dead au
thors. It was only recently that all
France was recalling the memory of
George Sand. Not long ago, all Nor
way Joined in honoring BJornson.
Spain Is getting ready to pay a trib
ute to the memory of Cervantes, and
Switzerland has Just hit on a novel
means of celebrating the centenary of
Bchlller's death which occurs next
year. Every child in the republic will
receive a copy of the poet's "William
Tell," and those youngsters who live
In th« French and Italian speaking
cantons will be presented with transla
tions In their own language. All the
expense of producing and distributing
the volumes Is being borne by the Gov
ernment.
Marie Corelli. who has been staying
in London for the most part recently,
went down to Leicester the other day
and delivefed a lecture there in aid of
a local charity, dwelling, in the course
of her remarks, on the unexpected sub-
LONDON, Nov. 24.— Hall Caine
Ea3*a that he has no idea when another
novel from his pen may be expected.
The novelist, who cam* to I>ocdon to
pee his "Prodigal Son" through the
press. Is still here, and when seen re
cently, said: "To certain proposals
raad<? to m» within the past few days,
I have answered that I cannot possibly
mention a date. My books come
rarely. Owing to uncertain health, and
the difficulty of eatisfylnff myself with
a subject, I can write less than any
other author of the time." In response
to a further question the novelist de
clared that he felt fit for writing only
one day in five.
Hall Caine always has refused to
wear the bothersome dress— frock coat
and silk hat— which Is so generally con
sidered the thinff here. When Inter
viewed he wore a blue serge lounge
suit with a pair of russet shoes, and,
puffing: at a clparette, looked llk« the
most carejeas of Bohemians. He Quite
evidently Is not In robust health, but
no one would believe him as old as
he !*— fifty.
A rather strtkins rtory of the origin
nf HanJy's "Tess" has Just been told
by Neil Munro, author of "John Splen
did," who is one of Hardy's Intimate
friends. It seems that when Hardy
tva* a boy he used .to come Into Dor
chester to school, and he made the ac
quaintance of a woman there, who,
with her husband, kept an inn. She
was beautiful, good and kind, but mar
ried to a dissipated scoundrel who waa
unfaithful to her. One day she discov
ered her husband under circumstances
which so aroused her passion that she
rtabbed him with a knife and killed
him- She was tried, convicted and con
demned to execution. Young: Hardy,
with another boy, cam* Into Dorches
ter and witnessed the execution from
a tree that overlooked the yard In
Marine Hospital Service Is
Taken to Task by Head of
the Department of Health
Company Will Furnish Cara
vans to Garry Invalids
and Others Through Texas
Devoutly Hope All American
Visitors Will Soon Follow
the New Yorker's Lead
Interesting Gossip ..Concerning Literary
Lights Heard in English Capital.
Says He Found That Home
steaders Did Xot Attempt
to Make Improvements
GOES OVER TERRITORY
LIFE IN THE OPEN AIR
Hall Caine Is in Poor Health
CRITICIZES STATEMENT
SCOTCH TAILORS GLAD
Young Bradley Martin $ Ee
sponsible for the Boom
in the "Kiltie" Trade
Novel Scheme far the Bene
fit of the Weak to Be Tried
by Southern Pacific Koad
Report 0? Presence of the
Dread Disease in Cuba Is
Denied by Havana Expert
Witness for the Prosecution
Gives Damaging Testi
mony in Oregon Land Cases
WORK DAYS COME BUT SELDOM
TO AUTHOR OF "PRODIGAL SON"
HIGHLAND GARB
NOW THE RAGE
YELLOW FEVER
SCARE DERIDED
NOMADIC LIFE
FOR THE SICK
EXPOSES FRAUD
ON GOVERNMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, . lOOJ,
4
Where you can depend 1
j mslrument. Our Pia^ffe^^S
are thereby {/U{.mm\
f^Thls Is our first CLEAR- / ,
A\CE SALE in San Fran- \ / llliil
Cisco. Below we quote y jliiii
some prices that will surely \^__^._
interest all piano buyers. Ss; s\
$1250 Parior Grand Wissncr S55O /
$675 Baby Grand Packard; used some. ... .$425*'* jj
$750 Small Grand Hardman; used some 9475 -.^ '
V:v$ooo Small Grand Steck; used some §625
$800 Baby Grand Checkering; traded in ...9575 d
$900 Small Grand Everett; used at concerts only $65O £j
$1000 Parlor Grand Conover; traded in; fine condition; a great bar- ¦
gain 9375 I
Note^ — We make a specialty of Fine Grand Pianos. They are on |]
exhibition on the second floor in our building. M
$750 Upright — Italian walnut Knabe. Good as new 9375 g
(350 Kingsbury Mahogany Upright — Really a great bargain; used H
oniy a little ;.. 91^5 Ij
Smith & Barnes — Costly, expensive case, but discontinued style ¦
.: 9225 H
$475 "Little Giant" Steck — A great piano in little form. Adapted for g
small parlors. Fine tone ! 9385 H
Wellington Upright — Mahogany case. Very slightly used. Regular f|
price $500. Now ....9135.00 |
Hardman— Weathered oak case, made to order for big hotel, Los B
Angeles. Hotel failed. Piano not delivered. To order price, M
$650. Now 1..940O a
Some Beautiful New Pianos — In mahogany, walnut and oak cases; I
'. double veneered; ivory keys; practice' pedals. These are discon- I
timied case designs, but handsome" styles. ..Made by a reliable 1
factory. (No stool or cover frecwith thisjot). Each..91«>0 K I
Everett — Mahogany case; discontinued design. Last one of \^s kind : 9
and could not be duplicated. This one goes for 93$5 1
¦ R. S. Howard — Mottled walnut case; used in our Player Depart- I
ment. Now 9H75 H
A' lot of good, reliable makes of Pianos. All brand new. (t»|^r B
Modern styie. Ivory keys. Price cut, while they last, tolklAS 41
No Stools or Stool Covers free with this lot. M
I Some Squares — All the way from 93. 5O up. Some fairly good ones H
; only 912.50, and on up to 925, 935, 950, 975. ' |
Piano Players — Big, substantial reduction in price made on all Play- , w
* crs during this sale. , y
Note This— YOU MAY GET YOUR MONEY BACIH! I
On December 31st., at 11 o'clock, a check will be given to some H
one for all the money that has been paid on any piano purchased n
in our warerooms at 931-933 Market Street, between November 15th . |J
, and the closing hour of this sale— December 31st. Coupons will be >H
issued, a drawing made, and the one holding the lucky coupon will 'H
' \ immediately receive our check for whatever money has been paid ; B
on the piano purchased. If you have only paid $10.00 as first pay- a
* ment on the piano, you will get $10.00. If you have paid $1000.00 |
for one of our fine art pianos or a Grand, you will get a check for |*
$1000.00. We aregoing to make a present of any money that may 'H
have been paid on the piano to the lucky coupoa -holder. p|
U . ,--.. . >¦¦<;'; : V-V , San:Fr*ncisco. W
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;j .. rr . :_
Purchase your holiday gifts now. We store free of charge, till wanted. By
purchasing early, you avtwT the crowd, and get a better selection. No article in
our vast stock but bears the stamp of quality at always lowest prices.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD. "NUF CEP." _^
: :^^^^H^ Dressing fable ; ; t^^t :
Made of quarter sawed oak, m/ffl/\
golden finish, bevel plate mirror, RV W-ffl
roomy drawer. Price,. jMEMk 1 '
: i^\^^^w\ ; t - $ 7.85 ' t •
V I I AfllPQ UP^k e 1 H
I ',> \ \ ¦.. Solid oak, golden finish, well |
f< EL*- . • , made and highly polished. Price, I
t m-239 asm » m ihe sojuare, Railroads . in . Argentina? are . making
favorable -prpgress. it.ia reported, un
der the direction of English capital
ists. -¦•¦¦¦ ¦ '¦ -.V.*-v.r-^T-*
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. 2 4.— Vice
President Ramon Corral of Mexico, ac
companied by Jose Munoz, Sub-Secre
tary of the Treasury, and. General
Canedo, Governor of Sinaloa, passed
through El Paso to-day, en route to
Mexico City after a visit to the United
States. . Corral . said the relations of
the United States and Mexico were
gradually becoming closer and that he
was, proud of the 'friendly, feeling that
hi«; found in this ; countcyf f br^' his peb
ple'and .was'sure it "is reciprocated in
Mexico.. . .- ¦ '. ; .-' ~ ... '.: .,'„.'.': jv. ¦.
Vice President' Corral Proud of the
Feeling of Friendship Displayed
During His Recent Trip.
PASSES THROUGH TEXAS
ON HIS ; WAY TO 'MEXICO
• RAN RAFAEL. Nov. 24. — Mrs. Har
riet Wilkir.s died at her home in this
city this afternoon at the age of 83
years. Mrs. Wilkins was th* mother
of James Wilkins. State Prison Direc
tor and editor of the Weekly Tocsin.
and the late Hepburn Wilkins, a well
kr.o-.rn attorney. She had resided in
this city for many years.
Death of Mrs. Harriet \VHkini».
General Davis, commander, of the
canal zone, and John FIndlay Wallace,
engineer in charge of: construction of
the canal, were .among those at the
station. The party called upon Presi
dent Amador, to whom the members
were introduced, as well as to Mme.
Amador and other ladies, the Secre
tary of State and other high govern
ment officials.
At noon they took luncheon at the
American legation, where, later, they
met twenty-five representative Pana
mans. After a' drive around Ancon
Hill arid through the hospital grounds
the Congressional party returned to
Colon.
PANAMA, Nov. 24. — The American
Congressional .party, which arrived at
Colon yesterday on the Sumner,
reached this city to-day and was met
at the station by a committee of resi
dents.
Delegation From Washington is Re
ceived by President and
3Ime. Amador.
CONGRESSIONAL PARTY
WELCOMED IN PANAMA
Runs Into Another Vessel at Anchor
Off Port Townsend and Mizzen
Topmast Is Carried Away.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov.
24.— A collision occurred here at 10
o'clock to-night through which the
British bark Englehorn had her miz
zen topmast- carried away. The En
glehorn, which belongs to the same
line as the Silverhorn, now ,in San
Francisco, was in command of Cap
tain Gibson of the latter vessel, her
own master, Lovett, being ill In Vic
toria. She was in tow of the tug
Lome and ran in too close to the Brit
ish bark Arracan at anchor on the
ballast grounds. The Arracan es
caped with slight damage to her bow
sprit.
SITE OF TRAINING STATION*
ON LAKES IS SELECTED
UTICA, N. T., Nov. 24.— William
Rockefeller, of the Standard Oil Com
pany, who owns 53,000 acres of forest
land in the Adlrondacks, has again
aroused the Ire of the natives by en
gaging dozens of guards to patrol his
vast preserve in Great North Woods.
Several guards have been fired at dur
ing this week while watching would-be
trespassers. As smokeless powder was
used in every case all efforts to locate
and capture these "snipers" have
proved futile.
Rockefeller, with his family, Is at
present staying at his magnificent
lodge at Bay Pond. He Is bitterly op
posed to poaching and vandalism on
his premises.
The natives maintain that wild deer
cannot be bought with • land, nor did
Rockefeller acquire the fish which, at
the expense of the State, had been
placed in . streams running through
Rockefeller's land. They have shot and
fished on the land as far back as the
oldest Inhabitant can remember, and
see no reason why the arrival of Rocke
feller among them should change their
custom. •
An old trapper who has lived near
Bog Lake for many years says the feel-
Ing against Rockefeller by hunters and
woodsmen Is extremely bitter.
Petition for a Railway Franchise.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 24.— A petition
for a franchise for an electric ' rail
road from this city to Old Town, six
miles north, has been filed with the
City Council. The road will be an ex
tension of the San Diego electric sys
tem and it is believed It will later be
come a part of a line which will con
nect this city with Point Loma and
Board Chooses Spot North of Chicago
and Report Is Approved by
the President.
~ WASHINGTON, Nov. 2 4. — Secretary
of the Navy Morton announces that
'the 'board appointed to select a train
ing station on the Great Lakes has
unanimously recommended that the
Lake Bluff site, thirty miles north of
Chicago, be selected. The President
has approved the selection.
The initial appropriation for this
work has already been made and it
will be the policy of the "Secretary to
push the work to completion as rapid
ly as possible. _. ; ! ."V :
San Diego to Hold Special Election.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 24. — The City
Council has adopted an ordinance
calling a special "election on January
7 for voting on twenty-seven proposed
amendments to the city charter.
Younq; Hunter Is Accidentally Killed.
BIGGS. Nov. 24. — William Baynon,
aged 12 years, the only child of James
Baynon, a prominent farmer of this
Community, was killed this afternoon
by the accidental discharge of a re
peating shotgun. The boy had climbed
over a -fence, leaving the gun on the
opposite side,** and then reaching
through a crack grasped hold of the
weapon. In drawing it toward him
the' gun was discharged, the full
charge of shot entering his left side.
ST. ; LOUIS. Nov. T*.-^Str Wilfrid Laurier.
Premier of Canada, and ,a distinguished party
reached the World's Fair grounds on board a
special- car to-day. After' & toar of the
irrounda President Francis entertained the
party at lunch and they left to-night for a
trip -through the West. • -;,;¦¦
/.Don't advertise your, trouble. It's a
drue'on the market. .
BRITISH BARK ENGLEHORN
DAMAGED IX A COLLISION
to the other, "It is all off now." Instead
cf complying with thejorder to throw
up his hands. Barth says he ran back
tft-A-ard Keswick and that three shots
Tvere fired at him. On nearing Keswick
he saw the express coming and he
flagged it with a newspaper. When the
train stopped he told the trainmen his
ytory and the peace officers were noti
fied. They with Barth were placed on
the engine and tcken to the scene, but
no trar e of the two men could be found.
It is stated that two sticks of dynamite
ver<> found on, the track. The matter
is being further investigated.
REDDING. Nov. 24.— What is alleged
to have been an attempt to wreck the
Orejron Express was discovered early
this morning near Keswick- D. V.
Barth of Chico claims that while walk
ins: s 'cr.g the railroad track from Kes
wick he was stopped by two men who
were seated behind a boulder. They
orOred him to hold up his hands, and
st th* same time he overheard one say
Track Near Keswick.
Chico Man Tells of His Adventure
With Two Strangers on Railroad
THINKS MEN INTENDED
TO WRECK THE EXPRESS
'"The first news . of the alleged plot
reached me In Cleveland, where I had
gone on official business. I then, as I
do now, consider the whole thing a
trumped up plot to persecute and In
timidate innocent* men. I am deter
mined that the whde plot shall be re
vealed and the public shall know who
the real conspirators are. The idea of
the executive head of a great organiza
tion entering into a conspiracy with an
apprentice boy to commit a felony is
ridiculous. ;.= i. ';;
"As a matter cf fact I do not know
the boy who Is alleged to have made a
confession and never heard i his name
mentioned until this thing came out
in the newspapers.. I- will not talk
now, but I shall havt much to say in
the near future. I shall issue a state
ment, in which I will tell things that
may cause another sensation.
"The treatment which I received in
Cleveland at the hands of Mayor John
son I deeply appreciate. I was shown
consideration that any man should be
proud of, and though I was ar
rested in the afternoon I was permit
ted to fill an engagement which I had
to speak before the Molders' Union in
Cleveland last night"
' It developed to-day that" another
dynamite explosion at the Eureka
foundry occurred at the same time
young Rauhauser was making his
statement to the detectives. The
foundry people suppressed the fact.
The prosecution anticipates some dif
ficulty in sustaining the charges made
against President Valentine and others
in connection with the dynamite plot
from the fact that the Rauhausers,
being defendants in a criminal . case,
cannot be compelled to be witnesses,
and also because young Rauhauser haa
made statements that his confession
was obtained through coercion.
Thomas Bracken, accused of complic
ity in the murder of Weakly, October
7, was brought -here to-day from De
troit.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 24.— President
Joseph F. Valentine of the Iron Mold
ers' Union of North America, who was
arrested in Cleveland on a warrant
sworn out by President Gosiger of the
Eureka Foundry Company on the
charge of aiding and abetting In the
malicious destruction of property, ar
rived In Cincinnati to-night, accom
panied by Detective Callahan.
At police headquarters Edward J.
Denney, secretary of the Iron Molders'
Union of America, awaited him with
a bond of $2000, signed by Michael Lul
lin, a Councilman, and on which Valen
tine was released to appear in Police
Court next Monday. President Val
entine eaid:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Labor Leader Accused of
Complicity in Cincinnati
Outrage Angered by Arrest
Adirondack Mountaineers
Object to William Rocke
feller's Private Game Law
ST. PAUL, Nov. 24. — Miss Nellie
Stover, daughter of Mrs. Kate E.
Stover, laughed so heartily at a story
told by one of a party of friends at
her home that she dislocated her jaw.
While the merriment was at its height
Mis3 Stover suddenly ceased laughing
and sat with her mouth wide open and
a pained expression on her face. She
could not close her mouth until a sur
geon was called, who reset the jaw.
EL PASO. Tex.. Nov. 24. — Miners
have broken into a cavern contain
ing two dozen mummies near Silver
City. N. M. Buried with the mumrrties »
were stone weapons and instruments,
showing that they belonged to a pre
historic race. The mummies were ap
parently about five feet tali in life. .
Their heads were small and their arms
long. The cavern is about 100 feet
below the surface of the earth.
Funny Story Causes Her to Lnu^h
So Heartily That Dislocation
Results- •
3Ilners at Work In New Mexico Find
Bodies of Jlemfcers of a
Prehistoric Race.
HARLEM. Mont.. Nov. 24. — A large
prairie fire has been raging for several
days forty miles north of here and
still is burning fiercely. Thousands of
acres of grazing land have been swept
over and thousands of dollars' worth
of property has been destroyed. George
Petrie, a leading sheepman, whose
range is in the devastated portion, is
reported to have lost all his hay, his
residence and all the buildings.
It is said that the fire started across
the Canadian line on Monday after
noon and during the terrific wind
storms of Tuesday and Wednesday
moved with startling rapidity over into
the American possessions, from which
all kinds of antelope, deer and other
wild animals have fled. The fire was
plainly visible to-night and the sheep
men in its path will all ..be heavy
losers, for their winter range is de
stroyed, together with all of their hay
for winter use and outbuildings.
Large numbers of men have been
fighting the flames ever since they
started, but have not been equal to the
task. There Is talk of lynching the
man who started the fire if he can be
found.
Thousands of Acres Laid Bare . and
the Loss to Sheepmen Will
Be Enormous.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 24. —
Georgianna Hewitson, the 15-year-old
girl who was convicted last spring of
an attempt to poison her mother by
putting.carbolic acid in her teapot, was
given into her mother's care to-day
by Chief Justice Hunter of the Su
preme Court. When the Chief Jus
tice found the girl guilty he ordered
her into the custody of the Children's
Aid Society of thft city. Later the
society found the responsibility of the
girl's safekeeping too great a burden
and the girl was transferred to the
provincial Jail. Recently the girl'3
mother applied to have her returned
to her own care and Chief Justice
Hunter issued an order to that effect-
Takes Back Into Her Home Girl Who
Attempted to Poison Her
Last Spring.
POACHERS FIRE
UPON GUARDS
JOKE PROVES TOO JIUCH I
* FOR JAW OF THIS MISS
MUMMIFIED REMAINS
ARE FOUND IN CAVERN
3IOTHER ASSUMES CARE
OF WAYWARD DAUGHTER
FIRE IS DEVASTATING
MONTANA RANGES
SAYS CHARGE
IS RIDICULOUS
lieves that Ts-hen found it will show
blood stains. The search so far has
been unsuccessful.
The Placer County Bank officials
have announced, that they will pay
$1000 for the recovery of the money
stolen by the bank robber last May.
The bank also offers a reward of $500
for the arrest a.nd conviction of the
thief. Many of those who believe that
Weber robbed the bank are searching
in the vicinity of the home for the
stolen money.
The story that the pistol used by the
murderer was oivned by a boy named
Armstrong, who later eoid it to Eugene
Rodehaver. the latter losing it, has
been investigated and found to be un
true. Sheriff Keena will go to San
Francisco to-morrow to continue his
search for the person, who sold the
pistol. The Sheriff believes that
Weber may have purchased the re
volver when he was in San Francisco
last June.
It is now recalled by the Snowden
family that xrhen the Webers left for
their San Francisco trip Adolph made
some excuse and did not go on the
same train with the other members
of the tOnDj, but followed them later.
It is the theory of some of the resi
dents here that he remained over for
the purpose of getting the money
stolen from the bank and that he took
it with him and placed It in some safe
deposit vault in San Francisco. This
theory is based on the assumption
that it was Weber who held up the
bank-
Administrator Shepard places little
credence in this theory, but may, make
an investigation. The ofUcers to-day
were looking for Weber's missing
waistcoat. The District Attorney be-
"When rr.y appetite comes back I
will eat." said he to a deputy, "and
not before."
ther end of his cell. He had no de-
Eire to converse with any one and said
that he wished to be alone.
this morning he refused to partake of
food- At nocn, roast turkey and cran
berry sauce viere sent to his cell, but
he would not touch them. He told the
jailer that he was not hungry and did
not care about eating. A pitcher of
rnilk was left with him, but he didn't
touch it. He said that he had no ap
petite and did not feel like eating.
When asked if he was ill he replied
in the negative and retired to the fur-
AUBURN, Nov. Zi.— Adolph Weber
to-day refused to ea.t and the jail of
ficials expect that he will soon break
down now that the excitement cocj*-
Quent upon the Coroner's inquest and
preliminary examination has died out.
Milk ajid shredded wheat generally
constitute the prisoner's breakfast, but
£r*ei*J D'.«ratch to Th« CalL
Believe That Garment Worn
by Prisoner on Night of
Tragedy Will Show Blood
Stains if It Can Be Found
•FFICERS LOOKING
FOR HIS WAISTCOAT
rdis Jailers, Who Have Him
in Charge, That He Has
>"o Appetite and Requests
That He Be Not Disturbed
WEBER
REFUSES
ALL FOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY/ NOVEMBER 25. 1904.
5
ADVERTISPIENTS.
Dizzy Spells
That <Iizzy sp*ll is an Important mes-
MC from the heart — a plea, for help.
If th!* rnfssape receives no attention
others com?: Shortness of breath, palpi-
tati-->n. weak or fainting «p*Il!«. smother-
ing or chokins sensations, pain* around
th*» h»arc in sid> or shoulders, and so on.
until it receive* the necessary help or is
compelled to i^ive up — stop. ' '
You maj- furnish this aid with
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
Which cures heart disease fn every stag-e.
Every day we read of sudden deaths
from heart disease, yet it is a fact that
the heart had been pleading: for help, and
up the struggle only when it had
exhausted the Jast spark of vitality and
th«»y call it sudden.
"For more than six years I was trou-
bled with my heart. I would have dlzxy
sj^Us. th^n difficulty in breathing; chok-
hip sensations, my heart would flutter,
become painful. I could not breathe ly-
1rj down. I commenced taking Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure, and in a few weeks I was
entirely cured.**— MINNIE EL JOHNSON.
¦Olivia. 'Minn.- - ¦
The first bottle will benefit, if not, th« :
tfrujrirlst will -return -your money." -
FREE FREE ! FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL >
W SMALL ADS.
\ A BOX
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
of the
HIGHEST QUALITY ;
of ,
TOILET SOAP.
- Your Choice of Four Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
¦Sec Small Ad Page a for Further
. \ Particulars. -
¦ r ADVERTISEMENTS. ; -• ¦ .'^^^>;iy.- •¦---'
X Strictly Winter Talk.... /fv A Winning Winter A The Student Norfolk
I just winter talk 'x Overcoat Fashion Double Breasted Model...
I JliiiL FROM THE BOYS' OJ .That Wjll_ Prove a Winner
% Mt&lM^&i • Jj| XiS|^y j4 collar, a coat that you would never hesitate to pay A 1j^4 §te-\ "
i^fe^^^^ AT RAPHAEL'S Satur^ v^ Cf| |p^ '
Illiiiisfeiw Where the Smart* Fash- ri\ ©••tp^°^^ -## A^ t
T&fflr*&ffi3* 2-O AT RAPHAEL'S *j ' 1*
I^** 3 * ions Are Shown |g$6 | bf theOvercoat, &¥& AT RAPHAEL'S ~ THe Boys' Store
Girls' Tourist Reefers 1^^^^ G * rfs ' e - ter Th ? m P son
. ig are eing s own to ly y us. UXIQN square aveS^^ In fine serges/ Ages 6 to 16 years.
*2 APVERXigT^revrS. ' V-
San Franclacow Friday. S Norember. 1304-
Weathered oak
with leather seats
Designed to, match those massive dining tables \
on our second floor. Substantial, effective and some- [
I thing new. Oak, weathered finish, with Spanish ~ ¦
I leather seats — studded with large nails. Other new )
}¦ dining chairs, equally as pleasing, came on our floors ¦
at the same time. •
Breuner's'pay the freight for 50 miles if you live ;
out of town, remember. . '
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.) \
:261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareA French dramatization of Dickens'
"Cricket on the Hearth" ("Le Gril
lon du-.Foyer") .was produced at the
Odeon; Paris, October. 1, and proved
a success^BBBBHBHMR
Fort Morgan, the county seat of Mor
gan County, Colo., is unique because of
the fact that It has three churches and
no saloons. From the excellence of its
irrigation systems the county also^ is
obtaining a' reputation, it possessing
eleven canals, aggregating 220 miles in
length. The laterals and field laterals
are estimated at 1600 miles. The coun
ty has storage reservoirs, with an ag
gregate. capacity of i 3,200,000,000 ;; cubic
feet of water, to ' cover 78,000 acres ' one
foot de«D.— Dsnvtr ' Post. - ...
Xo Saloons; ."Many Churches.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24. — Chief of
Police Hodgkins has gone to Los An
geles to* get- David Kinlry, the burg
lar,'who is charged with having mur
dered Policeman James II. Smith on
November -27 of last year. The time
of the Chief's return with Kiniry de
pends on the prisoner's condition.
Kiniry was shot in a fight after he
was surprised while attempting to
fnter the residence of E. H. Doheny
in Los Angeles.
Goes to Get Kinlry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24. — Leon V.
Shaw, State president of the Christian
Endeavor Union, will visit Oakland
oh Sunday, November 27, and the
members of the Alameda County
union are arranging to extend a royal
welcome to him at a grand rally to be
held" at the . First Congregational
Church. The exercises will begin, at
2:30 p. m. It is expected that many
members of the various societies
throughout Alameda County will at
tend the' rally. ¦' y
Following i3 the. programme:
Opening praise service, conducted
by Harry E. Keifer; devotional ser
vice, conducted by State Secretary W.
N. Jenkins; address, by C H. Hadlock,
State field secretary; address, by* J.
W. Hatch, president of Golden Gate
Christian Endeavor Union; address,
by Rev. E. E. Baker, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, and
closing address, by State [President
Shaw. . . "
Alameda County Christian Endeavor
Union to Hold Rally at First
Congregational Church.
WILL EXTEND . A ROYAL
WELCOME TO STATE CHIEF
. The league will hold its annual
meeting on December 13. At that
time the preliminaries will be taken
as to the league's attitude in the
forthcoming municipal campaign.
resolution: , )?v
Kesolved, That it is the opinion of the
central committee of managers of the Citizens'
Municipal League, duly convened, that a bond
proposition for acquiring the municipal owner
ship of the water supply recommended by the
special water committee should be submitted
to the vote of the people without delay and
that the secretary : forthwith deliver a copy of
this resolution to each member of the City
Council.
OAKLAND. Nov. 24. — The Citizens*
Municipal League through its board of
managers has adopted the following
Adopts Resolution Urging the City
Council to Submit a Water Sup
ply Project to People.
.MUNICIPAL. LEAGUE
FOR BOND EIxECTION-
OAKLAND. Nov. 24.— H. W.
Bishop, manager of the Liberty Thea
ter, entertained the children of the
West Oakland Home to-day at a
bountiful Thanksgiving dinner. The
fca«t was served In tbe dining-room of
the home, which was decorated in
honor of. the occasion, and after the
dinner the little folks spent the after
noon in games and other amusements.
In giving this Thanksgiving dinner
Mr. Bishop followed a custom estab
lished by his father, the late Walter
Morosco.
Gives Dinner to Children.
The latest report of the department''
of labor and commerce Is Interesting
as showing the gfowth - of manufac
turing In the country and the increased
domestic consumption of breadstuffa.
For the first time In our history we are
exporting more products from our fac
tories than from our farms. While tha
shipments of our farm products have
sained by SS per cent In the last de
cade, the exports from our factories
have mounted up to 148 per cent. The
change In our economic position has
doubtless come to -stay. Or? improved
machines and superior skill are begin
ning to telL — Boston Globe. .• ' .
Exports From Farm and Factory.
OAKLAND. Nov. 24. — Adjutant
General J. B. Lauck of the National
Guard of California this morning paid
a high tribute of praise to Companies
A and F of the-Fifth Regiment, which
are stationed in this city. < General
Lauck also complimented Surgeon
General Dr. D. D. Crowley on his ex
cellent work In perfecting the ef
fiency of the hospital and sanitary
corps. General Lauck said:
It gives me great pleasure to say that Com
panies A and/f cf the National- Guard of Cali
fornia are Al in every respect. They have
forged ahead and have certainly kept well to
the front. The National Guard Is on a better
basis than ever before, owing to the aid ex
tended through the Dick bill, which enables
the State to draw on the United States arsenals
for complete equipment-
Dr. D. D. Crowley, as surgeon general en
the Governor's staff, has done a great deal for
the betterment of the guard. He has brought
the sanitary corps to a high degree of effi
ciency. feVic:-'^'
Fifth Regiment Are Among
Finest in the State.
Says That Companies A and F of the
The question Is naturally asksdt
"Why and how are bad men la oGca
if the people do not put them there?**
The simsle truth Is that the people da
put them there. If the city govern*
ment is made up of thieves and ras
cals it Is because tbj alleged best citi
zens put them In office either by vot
ing for them or by failing to vota
against them. The failure to vote 11
the crime of the American citizsn.
These ij same citizens keep careful
enough watch over their money, thets
property and their private business.
They take great pains to see that their
employes are honest and faithful, and]
they do all In their power to keep rob
bers out of their bank vaults and!
strong boxes. But they utterly neglect
to look after their public business.—
New Orleans Picayune.
Neglect of Public Duty.
ADJUTANT GENERAL kAUCK
PRAISES LOCAIi GUARDSMEN
Edward Goodall. president: Frank M. Wil
son, vice president; Sam Bell McKee. secre
tary: W. P. Johnson, treasurer: P. E. Bowles.
G W. McNear Jr. and F. W. Van Slcklen.
directors. The following members win assist
the officers: Henry A. Butters. R, M. FlU
gerald, George EX de Golla. W. A. BJssell, A.
Schilling. J. O. Cadman. E. R. FolgeV, H. M.
A. Miller Captain Minor Goodall and Cbar!ea
M. Gayley.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Nov. 24.
The directors of the Claremont
Country Club have made arrange
ments for the formal opening of the
clubhouse and grounds on Saturday,
December 3, between the. hours of 10
a. m. and 5 p. m. The directors have
prepared a programme of sports for
the opening day, which Includes a
tennis tournament on the club courts,
an amateur golf tourney and trap
shooting on the club range. Prizes
will be awarded In all events.
The Oakland Traction Company
will have the extensions to its Forti
eth-street and Piedmont-avenue lines
completed In time for the opening day
and a twenty-minute service -will be
run to Broadway and Clifton street,
which Is only a short distance from
the clubhouse.
Refreshments will be served during
the afternoon and the new quarters of
the club will be tastefully decorated
for the occasion by the following la
dies: Mrs. P. E. Bowles, Mrs. W. P.
Johnson, Mrs. Frank Wilson, Mrs. A.
L. Stone, Mrs. H. H. Sherwood and
Mrs. Captain Goodall.
The opening will be in charge of
the officers of the club, who are:'
President Victor Robertson of the
North Berkeley Improvement club de
clares his belief that the proposed
bonds will prove to be a good invest
ment for Berkeley. Secretary Harry
Squires, of the same club, says that he
looks upon a bond issue as a standing
advertisement and an announcement to
the world that a new era in Berkeley
Is about to begin. - ,
Rev. E. A. Glrvin compares Berkeley
to Brookline,. a beautiful suburb of
Boston. He declares that the beauties
of the Massachusetts suburb can be du
plicated In Berkeley,' and should be.
Speeches in similar strain , have been
made byW. W. Henry, M. L. Hanscom,
C. E. Street and other prominent "mem
bers of. the' club. 9
F. Heald of West Berkeley has in
formed the North Berkeley organiza
tion that his neighbors plan to,organlze
an Improvement club, and desire the
advice and assistance , of , the North
Berkeley men. President Robertson,
Rev. E. A. Glrvin and R- Marston have
volunteered to assist the West Berke
ley folk In the work.
It is proposed to form the joint as
sociation on lines similar to those
adopted by the Progress Federation of
Alameda County, which includes repre
sentatives - of improvement clubs, and
mercantile bodies whose Interests are
identical with those of the clubs. Juster
& Baird, Francis Ferrier, Ft. -A.
Berry, "W. P. Albee, W. J. Mortimer,
Warren Cheney. Moran Swain, the
Central Real Estate Company, Joseph
Mason and other prominent real estate
operators, with university professors,
ministers and professional men who
have Interests at stake in the matter,
favor this proposed consolidation of
clubs. A definite mode of procedure to
bring about the consolidation is now
being formulated, and is to be broached
by leading men In the movement during
ttu next fortnight.
Each of the improvement clubs of
Berkeley has placed itself on record as
favoring the Issue of bonds for munic
ipal improvements, the North Berkeley
club being the latest to express its ap
proval of the Droject.
The advantage of co-operation among
all the improvement clubs of the city—
the Ashby, North Berkeley, South
Berkeley and West Berkeley organiza
tions — to secure the passage of a bond
issue and to accomplish other desirable
things is now being discussed by mem
bers, and leading spirits in the organiza
tion are proposing a consolidation of
the clubs which would be effective, they
say, in the work of creating sentiment
fn favor of the proposed bond 1 issue.
Berkeley Office San Francisco CalL
, 214S Center street, Nov. 24.
Improvement Clubs Seek
Ways to Make Berkeley
Delightful to the Eye
Directors of the Claremont
Country Club Arrange
an Elaborate Programme
PLAN TO MAKE
CITY BEAUTIFUL
PERFECT PLANS
FOR OPENING
ALAMEDA Nov. 24. — Captain Henry Hugh
Todd proprietor of the Park Hotel. gav« his
many friends a Thankfgivir.g day «arprts« by
taking as his bride to-day at noon Mrs. Mar
garet Muller. who for several years has di
rected the affairs of his hostelry. The wed
ding was celebrated at the residence of; Dr.
and Mrs W.- Tappan Lum on. Santa Clara
avenue and St Charles, street, the -Rev.. Chris
tian Reuss of the Fln-t Unitarian Church offi
ciating Harold C. Ward was best man end
Mil • M A. Relmer maid of honor. None but
Immediate lelatlvea and a few friends of the
o&lr witnessed tha marriage.
Captain Todd served with distinction
through the Civil War as a member of the
Xew Jersey Brigade of militia and was also
on the staff of the commander of the Grand
Army of the Republic, ranking as colonel.
Alameda Chapter No. 70, Royal Arch Ma-
Bom will bold lu annual ladles' night in
Masonic Temple Saturday night.
One hundred couples participated In the an
nual masquerade ball given by Alameda Par.
lor No. 47, Native Sons of the Golden West.
In Harmonie Hall last night. William Peter
son acted aa floor manager and was: assisted
by Matthew Ryan. Bix prizes were awarded,
the following being the winners: Mlas Phlpps,
Miss Hashagen. Miss Fisher. V. A; Holland,
Mrs- Herman Bolte and A. H. PluccJ. \
The wedding of Dr. William 'J. Hosford and
Miss. Nellie 8. Benson was solemnized i at the
Unitarian Church \ast- evening, tbe Rev. Chris
topher Reuss officiating. • H. A.- Tall.ot wa*
best man and MI«s . Beatrice ¦ -Benson.. - the :
bride's sister, acted - aa maid of ' honor. The
honeymoon will b« ¦ spent , In • Southern ' Califor
nia' and u'pen their return the couple wlll:r«- :
¦Me at 2313 Central f avenue, .,: v . - .
Thankigivlng eeems to have become by tacit
agreement a day for family reunions and In
nearly "every home this evening such were
the dinner gatherings. Out at Highlands
Mrs. A N. Towne Joined Mr. and Mrs.
Re<jua and General and Mrs. : Long at the
Mr and Mrs. W. A. Schrock entertained a
amall party Including Mr. and Mrs. I. A.
Beretta and Frank Keser. while the Chabot
residence on Madison street housed a dozen or
more dinner guests. There are few women
who have more thoroughly mastered the art
required of a hostess than Mrs. Chabot. and
the dinner party this evening was akin to
many other delightful gatherings under her
hospitable roof. Among the guests were Mr.
Paul Kosekevltch. the Russian Consul; Mr.
Lant-1 tbe French Consul, and his associate,
Mr Paretti de la Rocca; Leon Bocqueraz. Dr.
de " Chantreau, the Robert Knights. Dr. and
u'r* j p H Dunn, Miss Margaret Sinclair,
the ' Henry Dieckmanns, Miss Claire Chabot.
Carl Abbott and Master Reral Knight.
Lart Monday was little Alice Palmer's eighth
birthday, and, alth.ough eae did not grow sud
denly taller on that day, as she had eipected.
or change in any other way, the occasion was
certainly a memorable one. More than twenty
tittle m :.-)"•» o( fee* own aee had been Invited
by Mrs. W. S. Palmer to enjoy a birthday
feast with her daughter, and the beautiful
dinlng-rocm of the Madison-street residence
has eeldom witnessed a more attractive sceae.
Overhead gay Japanese lanterns of every
shape and *ize swayed in the midst of gorge
ous chrysanthemums, and on the table the
great shaggy blossoms found a place. Pretty
fans wete favors and dainty little water-color
mketches adorned the name-cards. Games and
various forms of amusement added to the
afi»rnoon'» enjoyment, and among the guests
were: Bernlee Brcmwell, Grace Ewing. Kat.'t
i-riae and Gertrude Kanea. i>cri» ttu.-nenunn,
Alice Crellin. Dorothy Stone, Enid ChlWe, Mil
dred Smith Carmen GhirardelU, Margie Ten
nent, Grac* Vesper, Edna Cummlngs, Phyliis
and Gwendolyn Woodward, Janice and Hn.a
Tobrin^r, Florence Travers and Gladys Kesster.
Mi*s LUIU Swales, the clever young imita
tor donned child's apparel for the day and
amused the little folks with her songs and
recitations.
The ceremony, which took place at 7
o'clock, was witnessed by tbe family and a few
Intimate friends only. After a few weeks
spent in Southern California Mr. and Mrs.
Waterbury will reside la Sacramento, but as
the bride has so many relatives here, Oak
laniers may still ho»e to see her frequently.
Mrs. Harry East Miller, gowned in a prin
cess robe of cream lace and carrylR? Amer
ican beauties, was a beautiful matron of honor.
James S:e*le of Sacramento accompanied Mr.
Waterbury. and the marriage service of the
Episcopal church was read by Rev. Charles T.
Walkley.
Miss Prather's marriage with Mr. Water
bury who is a bnsln«#s man cf Sacramento,
toek*i>!ace at the home of the bride'* sister,
Mrs. Harrison Clay, on Tenth »treet- Graceful
foIlag-« and palms, with a profusion of Ameri
can beauty ro«es and other blossoms, formed a
fitting environment for the talented bride, the
niarriage ceremony taking- place In a palm
lin«i alcove window of the ltrinr-room.
Tfce bride's {own was exceptionally beaa
tifu! a rich zarnlture of point lace gracing
the snowy drapery of crepe de chine. A tiny
crown cf oranxe Wo«»onis held the long veil
in place, ar.d the bridal bouquet was a ihower
cf bride* roses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24 — Few weddinM . hav«
been of more jeceral interest than that of Miss
Laura Pratber and Gay W. Waterbary this
evening, for the bride 1« not enly a member of
on* of Oakland's old and esteemed families,
but she rank* with the cleverest miniature
painters In California, many prominent people's
features having b«*n perpetuated by h«T brash.
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
THANKSGIVING
DAY WEDDINGS
"One thing is certain." writes John
G. Latham of bookkeeping as a calling,
"the bookkeeper's work has been nar
rowed down to more of a matter of rou
tine to-day than it was five or even
three years ago. " The system of keep
ing books ha3 been almost completely
revolutionized by big firms, and with
this revolution has come a narrowing
or the lines along which the bookkeejyer
works:. -;,.The "present methods lighten*
his duties materially, but at the saote
time they -limit his opport unities Tor
knowing much about the details oZ the
business outside of the incidents of his
own department or the alphabetical
limits of one ledger. '
Under the present system loose-leaf
ledgers are used. They are arranged
alphabetically. One bookkeeper may
have his accounts ranging from A to
AR. Hi3 entries are set down for hini
by a force of young women, who re
cord accounts with a specially buolt
typewriter. These accounts- are Item
ized, and when filed comprise what
was formerly known as the Journal.
The only thing that concerns the book
keeper are the totals. These he re-,
cords in his ledger. Thl3 constitutes
his work. He knows nothicsr of what
gt?es on outside of the transactions is
his own ledger."— N. Y. Commercial.
The Bootkeeper's Limitations.
Politics engaged Moffltt's attention
early In life, and in this field of activ
ity be developed an ability that placed
him for years In the forefront of Demo
cratic party councils. His initiation
was in 1884 as a candidate for the Ab
rembly, when he defeated R. M. Apgar
in a heavily Republican district. Mof
fitt served through the session of 18S5,
and in 1S87. after defeating H. A.
Powell for the Senate, served a term as
State Senator. In that capacity Moffitt
became one of the leading men of tbe
State Legislature. In the contest for
the election of a United States Senator
Su 1&S7 the Democrats had control of the
legislature. George Hearst was a can
didate and his fight was bandied by
Senator Moffltt. Hearst was elected.
After completing a' term in the Sen-
Ate Moffitt retired and wa? auwiintfd
Frank J. Moffltt was born in Oakland
In 1K9. His father was James Moffitt.
one of the pioneers and a famous fire
chief of tbe early days. Young Moffltt
was educated in the public schools of
Oakland. Journalism was his bent, and
while yet in young manhood he was at
tracted to the newspaper field. His first
attempt in serious effort was to estab
lleh the Enterprise at Newark, where
it had been expected a large city would
gTow as a center of the old South Pa
cific Coast Railroad. James G. Fair,
the principal owner of that system, had
planned to make Newark a large com
munity. But after Fair failed in his
fight to run the road through Tele
graph avenue In Oakland he abandoned
development schemes and subsequently
sold out the Bouth Pacific Coast line
to the Southern Pacific Company.
Moffltt conducted the Newark Enter
prise for some time, and after the boom
burst returned to Oakland, where he
engaged in newspaper work, sometimes
as correspondent for San Francisco
dailies and later as proprietor and ed
itor of the Oakland 'Weekly Independ
ent. This paper was the beginning of
tbe Oakland Enquirer, for the Inde
pendent was purchased by Frank A.
Leach and turned Into the . Enquirer.
Later Moffitt secured the •¦ Oakland
Horning Times, which he ran for some
years and which also fell into the
hands of Frank A- Leach.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24. — Just as
Thanksgiving- morning dawned Frank
J. MoCtt gave up tbe fight that
he had been waging against death for
three wt^ks and quietly passed away.
His death occurred at 6:25 o'clock.
There had been a slight rally yester
day, but the h^art, which hart been
weak and uncertain, finally gave out
this rooming and there pcrsed away
one of the b*£t known men. not alone
cf Oakland, but of California-
Mr. Moffitt'a illness had extended
over several years, but it was not until
¦within the last few weeks that any
thing serious was expected. He had
been suffering from both kidney and
liver troubles and was compelled to be
very careful with his diet. A few
ueekn ago he dined with a friend and
a slight indiscretion In eating intensi
fied his troubles. He took to his bed,
hi* heart began to fail and he was
never able to rally.
For some time Mr. Moffitt had been
convinced that his end was approach
ing and he met death quietly. He sent
for many of his old friends and bade
them all good-by. His family wu at
bis bedside when death came. The
funeral will take place on Saturday
from the late home at . the . corner of
Filbert and Eighteenth streets and
service* will be held later at the
Church of St. Francis de Sales. Inter
ment will be in the Moffitt family plat
in fit- Mary's Cemetery.
Just before his death Mr. Moffitt ar
ranged all of his business affairs. He
had accumulated a considerable for
tune In the last fifteen years, which Is
variously estimated at from $250,000
to J 500,000. Most of this money was
Invested in stocks and bonds, he be
ing a heavy holder of Contra Costa
Water Company's securities.
Senator Moffitt lavished money upon
his home, a fine residence at the
southwest corner of Filbert and Eight
eenth streets. He bought many beauti
ful works of art and adorned the house
with much elegance. His surviving fam
ily consists of a widow and a son. Jef
ferson Grant Moffitt, who is 18 years of
age. Besides these there are three
brothers and four sisters, who are
George W., Joseph, Harry, Mary, Mar
garet, Emma and Nellie Moffltt.
Only a short time ago Senator Moffitt
bought an elegant home in East Oak
land for his sisters. He was generous
toward his family and his relatives.
His brother Harry is well known as one
of the members of the United States
secret service department at San Fran
cisco. George has been connected with
the Oakland Fire Department for many
years. Joseph is a passenger conductor
in the Southern Pacific Company's em
ploy.
During the last years of his life Mof
fltt was very fortunate In his business
affairs and amassed a fortune of sev
eral hundred thousand dollars. He had
large interests In the Contra Costa
Water Company, was a heavy stock
holder in the Central Bank and owned
a block of stock and bonds of the Cali
fornia Portland Cement Company at
Napa Junction. All of his Investments
have been very profitable. j
Senator Moffitt returned to newspaper
work after he retired from tbe Legisla
ture and edited the Oakland Times un
til It was sold Eome years ago. From
newspaper work and political activities
Moffitt became associated with William
J. Dingee in the development of the
Oakland Water Company. It waV Mof
! fitt who, in large measure, carried
through the consolidation of the Oak
land Water Company and the Contra
Costa Water Company, the merged cor
porations retaining the name of the last
named, which was the older company.
After the consolidation Senator Moffitt
j was active In the management of the
company.
a member of the State Forestry Eoard.
He was instrumental in developing
many projects for the preservation of
the forests of California. He early
recognized the importance of their con
servation, a work which has become
one of the great studies of the National
Government.
JOURNALIST, LEGISLATOR AITD CAPITALIST WHO PASSED AWAT AT AN'
EAP.'^T HOTTR TESTEP-DAY MORNTJTG AT HIS HOME IS OAKLAXD AFTER
A.V ILLNESS OF THREE WEEKS.
Processional hymn. "Come. Te Tfcaakful Peo
ple Ccm*" ; ThanksgtTtn* antiem. "OS, Praiw
th« Lord." chant by Cte»y: "Gloria Patrf."
same: te dean. "We Praise Thee. O Lord":
kifcilate. '"Ob. Be Jcyfal in the Lord"; Oxford
chant- hymn.' "America"; offertory anthem.
"Te Shall Dwell in the Lord." Staler: offer
tory sentence. "All Things Come of Thee. O
Lord": recessional hymn, "O God, Oar Help la
Ages Past." -?Z:Zf
Protestant Denominations of Berke
ley Hold Services.
BERKELEY, Nov. 24. — For the first
time in the history of the churches in
Berkeley union Thanksgiving services
were held to-day in an Episcopal
church. The so-called "Huntlngton
amendment" at the last meeting of the
governing body of the Episcopal
church provided for such manifesta
tions of denominational unity as was
exhibited in Berkeley to-day. The Kip
Memorial Church was the scene of the
gathering and there the ministers and
attendants of • all the Protestant
churches in Berkeley met to. render
thanks and worship in unison.
Many of the worshipers looked for
the first time upon the vestments of
rector and choir and took part In the
ritualistic service of the Episcopal
church. Presbyterian and Methodist
clergymen sat side by side with Epis
copal ministers, the latter garbed In
the customary attire of those who
serve at Episcopal church altars.
Rev. Edward Lambe Parsons, rector
of St. Marks, delivered the sermon.
He referred to the spirit of the day
and the times which have developed
an era of general thanksgiving. The
presence of worshipers of so many de
nominations was declared by the
speaker to be an Indication that the
world is growing broader and better.
The barriers of creed are not so In
surmountable, he said, that all might
not worship together the common
Savior and Lord.
The following ministers assisted in
the service: Rev. C. K. Jenness of
Trinity Church; Rev. E. W. Darst of
the First Christian; Rev. A. S. Coate3.
Evangel Baptist; Rev. W. H. Hopkins.
First Congregational Church.
The following programme of music
was rendered:
St. John's Church was organized by
the Rev. Father Akeriy, who came to
California on his way to a foreign mis
sionary field, but seeing the need of a
church in this city, gave up his life to
work in Oakland. He remained as
rector of the church nearly forty years.
Father King, who, for more than fifty
years has been pastor of the church of
the Immaculate Conception.was a warm
personal friend of Father Akeriy, and
although differing In religious belief,
the two pioneer clergymen worked to
gether for the spiritual betterment of
the people of this city. !
' St. John's Episcopal Church, of which
the Rev. Edgar F. Gee Is rector, will
celebrate Its fiftieth anniversary on
December 18. The celebration will take
the form of a union service of all the
Episcopal churches in the city. The
programme ha.=i not yet been fully ar
ranged, but it is expected that Bishop
William Ford Nichols will preach the
jubilee sermon. Dean A. L* G. True,
formerly rector of St. John's, who is
now located at Pasadena, has also be*n
invited to attend the celebration.
Two of Oakland's pioneer churches
will celebrate the fiftieth anniversary
of their organization during the coming
month, and the members of these
churches are making preparations for
jubilee services in commemoration of
the event. The first of these celebra
tions will be that of the First Bapt/st
Church, which was organized Decem
ber 7, 1S^4. It is now the largest church
of its denomination in Alameda County,
and the present pastor, the Rev. H. J.
Vosburgh, has arranged for a series of
jubilee services which will extend over
an entire week, beginning December 4,
and ending December II. Meetings will
be h*ld every evening during the week
at the beautiful new church on Tele
graph avenue.
Oakland O3k:e San Francisco Call,
1015 Broadway. Nov. 24.
A curtain' raiser entitled "Some
Idiots and Others," written by Vance
McClymonds and Jackson Gregory, will
be produced on the same afternoon,
preceding the farce "Just About Now,"
by a cast Including Stuart Chlsholm,
Harold Bingham, Lawrence Kennedy,
Edwin Rust, Miss Bertine Wollenberg
and Miss Gladys Myers.
Harry A. Encell has complete charge
of all the managerial work in connec
tion with the production, and Milton
Schwartz has acted as coach.
Finishing touches are now being put
on the farce which the junior class
is to give this year, and each amateur
artist is making ready for that "which
is to the junior class of the university
the day of days In the college year.
To-morrow afternoon, on the stage of
the Grand Opera-house In San Fran
cisco, the cleverest members of the '06
host, chosen for their skill, experience
and beauty to delineate the types in
Walter de Leon's prize farce, will step
tc the footlights and there receive
greeting from a big theater full of rol
licking, high-spirited college men and
women — and then ' the junior day
really will have begun.
The junior day festivities always are
deemed among the most notable events
of the university year. They include
the production of an original farce,
written by a class man. and selected
from a number submitted by ambitious
young dramatists, and following that
production, the annual junior "prom."
held at night in Hearst halL
In other years the juniors used
Co-Ed Canyon or Ben "Weed's amphi
theater, where now stands the Greek
theater, as the scene of their celebra
tion. Now a San Francisco theater is
obtained, as was done when the Grand
Opera-house was secured this year.
"Just About Now" is the title of De
Leon's farce, which the juniors have
b*en rehearsing for two months. Its
.story is that of a student. Jack Har
vard, who visits a friend in Berkeley
and falls in love with his sister, who
Is Interested in slum work. He dis
guises himself as a "tough," and, ac
companied by his valet, comes thus In
contact with the girl he adores- Tbe
college settlement In West Berkeley is
used as the scene of part of the farce.
Miss Sophie Treadwell, considered one
of the best character actresses in the
university, will have the role of a book
agent. The complete cast Is as fol
lows: Jack Harvard. Walter de
Leon; Howard HIgglns, (Jack's valet),
Edwin Rust; Charles Burkhalt,
(Jack's friend)^ WJU1 Henry; Reginald
von . .Berkeley -- Slontravers. -Percy
Wicks; Michael- Maloney, A Ghirar
delli; a traveler, Pat Bryant; Wil
liam Courtley, George Dickie; Iva
Notion, a book agent. Miss Sophie
Treadwell; Grace Wiseland, Miss
Isabel McReynolds; Alice Burkhalt,
Miss Ann Thatcher; Mrs. Burkhalt,
Miss Phoebe Binney.
Berkeley Office San Francisco CalL
214S Center Street, Nov. 24.
Holy communion was celebrated at
Trinity Episcopal church at 7:30 a. m.,
the Rev. Clifton Macon officiating.
An elaborate musical and praise ser
vice was held at St. Andrew's Epis
copal Church at 10:30 a. m., after which
the rector, the Rev. O. St. John Scott,
preached a Thanksgiving sermon.
At- St. John's Episcopal Church holy
communion was celebrated by the rec
tor, the Rev. Edgar F. Gee, at 7:30 a.
Thanksgiving service was held at
10:30 a. m. at St. Paul's Episcopal
Church; the sermon was preached by
the rector, the Rev. C. T. .Walkley.
At the St. John's Episcopal Church
holy communion was celebrated at 7:30
and 10:30 a. m. and at 11:30 a- m. special
musical services were held.
Union services were also held In East
and West Oakland, the first being held
at the Pilgrim Congregational Church,
where the congregations of the Tenth
Avenue Baptist, the Brooklyn Presby
terian, the Eighth Avenue Methodist
and the Pilgrim churches gathered to
listen to a sermon by the Rev. H. C.
Boardman. pastor of the Tenth Avenue
Baptist Church. At West Oakland a
union service of the Second Congrega
tional. Union Street Presbyterian. Cal
vary Baptist and Chester Street Metho-^
dist was held at the latter"
church, the sermon being preached by
the Rev. Madison Slaughter, pastor of
Calvary Baptist Church.
OAKLAND. Nov. 24 —A general ob
servance of Thanksgiving was held to
day in the churches of this city, many
of which were beautifully decorated in
honor of the holiday. Special music
was rendered In several places of wor
ship, and a large attendance marked
the day throughout the city. A union
meeting of the First Presbyterian, the
First Congregational. First sMethodlSt,
First Baptist, First Christian and First
Lutheran churches was held at the
First Methodist Church at 10 o'clock
this morning. The proclamation of the
President was read by the Rev. E. E.
Baker, and the sermon was preached
by the Rev. T. A. Boyer. The other
pastors who took part in the service
were: The Rev. Charles R. Brown, the
Rev. A. M. Shaw, tfte Rev. Paul Stew
art and the Rev. Hj J. Vosburgh.
JO1X IX THANKSGIVING.
m.. followed at 10 o'clock with a sermon
and choral service.
Mrs. Dr. H. F. Worley fcfcatrsaan). H. W.
Miller. Miss Kate Ellsworth. Dr. A. S. Kelly
and Dr. O. S. Dean.
L OAKLAXD, Nov. 24. — The Episco
' pal convocation of San Francisco,
which is the annual assembly 'or the
churches in the cities around the bay,
'¦ will be held at St. Paul's Church la
this city on Thursday. December 1.
The cbnvocatlon will begin at 10:30
I a. m. and will open with the celebra
tion of the holy communion by the
Very Rev. William Carson Shaw, ,dean
of the convocation, assisted by ths
Rev. L. C. Sanford. g-ospeler; the
Rev. C. T. "Walkley, epistoller. and th©
Right Rev. Sidney C. Partridge, D. D-
Bishop of Kioto, Japan, preacher.
The organization of the body will fol
low.
The afternoon will be devoted to
the discussion of the appointment
plan in suppprt of the church work of
the diocese. In the evening mission
ary meetings will be held at Christ
Church, Alameda. led by the Rev. F.
W. Clampett; St. Mark's Church,
Berkeley, led by the Rev. I*. C. San
ford, and St. Paul's Church. Oakland,
the Right Rev. Sidney C Partridge,
preacher.
The officers of the convocation are:
The Risht Rev. "William Fsrd NVJioIb,
Bishop of the rHocese: the Very Rev. William
Carson Shaw. Dean of tbe Convocation: t&»
Rev. I* c. SaafenJ. secretary; G«crx« C- Hook,
treasurer.
Edward McKinlay. president of the
Alameda County Christian Endeavor
Union, has appointed the committee of
arrangements for the next annual,
convention, which will be held next
February at the First Alethodist
Church of this city. The annual elec
tion of officers will be held at this
convention.
The members of the committee are:
Annual Assembly of Churches About
the Bay Takes Place at St. Paul's
Church on December 1.
St. John's and the First
Baptist Congregations to
¦-Prepare for the Events
EPISCOPALi CON~VOCATIOX
TO BE HELD IX OAKLAND
"Just About Sow" Is the
-Title of the Amateur
Effort That Won Prize
Houses of Worship Beautifully Dec
orated for the Occasion.
EAST SIDE SERVICES
AUTHOR IS THE STAR
FIFTY YEAES OF LABOR
Annual Dramatic Event of
the State University Is
to Occur This Afternoon
Golden 'Jubilee of Two
Iteligious Organizations
Are to Be Celebrated
BIDS FAREWELL TO FRIENDS
CHURCHES UNITE
TO GIVE THANKS
CHURCHES HOLD
ANNIVERSARIES
JUNIOR FARCE
IS NOW READY
FRANK J. MOFFITT
PASSES AWAY.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO" CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 190 1.
BROTHER OF FORMER SHERIFF DEAD.
Oakland, Nov. 24.- — Simon Hussey. a brother
of . former Sheriff Husaey of Alameda County
and stepbrother of C. H. lovell. a well-known
attorney of Oakland. dle<i Tuesday at his ranch
at Shasta, aged 60 year*. : Mr. Lovell left this
city to attend ¦ the funeral, which * took place
to-dav. ¦¦-•-¦ mmdBnmnAriia.
6
AD VJfclkTISEMENTS>
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Hydrozone
/ aad
Glycozoive
Exported by Vu MtiiesI Proftssioa.
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by leaJiac Drtt^tstv
Not feaufc* unless Ubel ben* »y *ipuau«: ¦
. 61 0 Prince Street. X. Y.
Write Tnr trr* lnfnrmnt««« ab»«t
nYDiUiZ»\K»Bd CLl'COIOSB.
BBASCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL D»
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone -Main 1033.
" -' BCRKELET.
SI 48 Center Street.
Telephone Nortli 77.
AJLAJIEDA.
1433 Part Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
FREE , FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
J of the
HIGHEST QUALITY
TOILET SOAP.
Your Choice of Four Odors.
Free -With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small "Ad ; Page for Further
f fParticujars.*^ST. PETERSBURG. ;Nov; 24.— It is|
announced ; from :. Mukden that Don
Jaime 1 of Bourbon.- son, of • Don Carlos, '.
the Spanish pretender, has beehjdeco
rated with the Order of St. Anne for
Don Jaime's Bravery Rewarded.
TOKIO,' Nov. 24.— Several charit
able organizations," headed . by the : la
dies of. the patriotic societies, are ar
ranging to send New Tear's presents
to every soldier In the field. The con
tributions "already assured indicate
that there will be enough to give each
soldier two presents. The people of
Tokio are contributing thousands of
packages, each containing a. number
of useful articles.
Gifts for Japanese Soldiers.
PORT SAID, Nov. 24.— A division of
the Russian second Pacific squadron
has arrived here. All precautions have
been taken to prevent any untoward
incident during the passage of the ves
sels through the Suez canal. The divi
sion consists of the battleships Sissoi,
VelUcy and Navatrin, the cruisers
Jemtchug, Almaz and Svietlana, the
torpedo-boat destroyers Bodri, Blestia
schy, Bexumprechni, Bystrai, Bravi, Be
dovl and Buiny, and the transports
Gortschakoff, Vornej, Kltai, Tamboff,
Kieff, Jupiter, Merkurand VladimironT.
The division exchanged salutes with
the town on entering and the Russian
bands played the British national
anthem in honor of the presence of the
British guardship Furious. The local
Russian representatives, visited Rear
Admiral Volekersam's flagship. All the
warships are fitted with .'.wireless .tele-;
graph apparatus. The ships'are not'or
dered to coal here,; but will take, water,
Anchors at Port Said.
First Division Tit the Baltic Fleet
ARRIVES AT SUEZ CANAL.
The capital invested in the mineral
water industry In Great Britain is near
ly £15,000,000.
LONDON. Nov. 24. — In London
financial circles It is understood that,
negotiations practically have . been
concluded for the issue in Berlin and
Paris simultaneously in January of
S per cent Russian treasury bonds to
the value of $260,000,000 for five or
seven years, the ; price of the issue to
be about the same as that of the
last Paris loan, Berlin taking $100,
000,000 and the same* French bankers
who made the. last loan taking $160,
000,000.
Russia Concludes Xew Loan.
Townsend Harris, representing the
United States in the Orient In 1858,
secured the first treaty of trade and
commerce between the United States
and Japan and the opening of three
ports to foreign residents. ?,
BERNE, Nov. 24. — The President of
the Swiss Confederation has informed
the American Minister that Switzer
land accepts in principle President
Roosevelt's ' invitation to be " repre
sented at The Ha^ue Peace Confer
ence.
Accepts President's Invitation.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nor. 24. — Ac
cording to a private telegram from
Sebastopol a portion of the crews of
the Black Sea fleet mutinied November
22 under the influence of the revolu
tionary propaganda. The mutiny, It
Is added, was quelled by force of arms
and several of the mutineers were
wodnded. No confirmation of the re
port Is obtainable at the Admiralty.
RUSSIAN TARS MUTINY.
LONDON, Nov. 25.— The Daily
Telegraph's correspondent at Poet
Said asserts that the Russian volunteer
steamship Woronetz, - which passed
the Dardanelles as a transport, has
three submarine boats on board and
that the Yaroslav, which passed the
Dardanelles similarly, has a large
armament of Hotchkiss guns.
"Evidently, once ' through the
canal," says the correspondent, "they
will emulate the volunteer steamers
St. Petersburg and Smolensk." .' •'
VOLUNTEER SHIPS ARMED.
While awaiting the ladles King
Charles and the other shooters threw
snowballs at a mark. * This -was too
tame for the King, who, catching
Marquis de Souvrel, the Portuguese
Embassador to Great Britain, off his
guard, made an accurate shot at the
diplomat. King Charles' example
was quickly followed and the whole
party engaged like boys in an active
battle. While none . of the missiles
were^-actually . aimed' at his .Majesty,
a number of distinguished personages
were less fortunate. For some min
utes the fun was fast and furious, the
King being the most active and one
of the most accurate among the fight
ers. The whole Incident was greatly
enjoyed by a number of spectators and
rustics who had gathered near by in
the roadway, j rV '
LONDON, Nov. 24.— King Charles:
of Portugal and his party spent the
last day of their visit at Chatsworth
shooting in the pheasant preserves.
The King, who Is a good shot, did
great execution. The entire distance
was covered by deep snow, but the
day was quiet. Queen Amelia and the
ladles of her suite joined the party at
luncheon.
Monarch's Visit to
Chats worth.
lively Incident of the Portuguese
KING CHARLES ENGAGES
IX SXOWBALL BATTLE
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 24. — It is
understood that Anthony J. Drexel Is
trying to sell his steam yacht Mar
gherita of the New York Yacht Club
to Russia.
Would Sell His Yacht to Russia.
It Is doubtful, the correspondent
says, whether even Great Britain holds
a higher place In Japan's esteem, and
affection than America. The writer
says this sentiment Is of long and un
checked growth. Jt began under the
diplomatic regime of Townsend Har
ris and the numerous instances of
America's friendship since that time
have so resulted that no Western na
tion !b more cherished by Japan than
America.
These considerations should suffice
to show how extravagant is the sug
gestion that Japan would ever resent
the floating of the Stars and Stripes
over the Philippines. On the contrary t
America's withdrawal from the Philip
pines would be regarded by the Jap
anese as little short of a calamity, since
her presence constitutes a guarantee
for the continuance of her wholesome
interest in Far Eastern affairs.
LONDON, Nov. 25. — Writing from
Tokio on the subject of alleged
intrigue of Russian agents to sow dis
cord between Japan and America and
to create the feeling in America that
Japan's success in the present war
would jeopardize America's 'position In
the Philippines, a correspondent of the
Times declares that nothing could be
more chimerical.
Her British AHyv
Sentiment Is Deeper Than That for
JAPAN'S LOVE FOR AMERICA.
BERLIN, Nov. 24. — The German
Red Cross Society has prepared an
other sanitary train for nursing the
Russian sick and wounded, The train
will proceed to the frontier in a few
days, where It will be turned over to
the Russian ofScials.
German Aid for the Wounded.
"At dawn of November 23 the ene
my made several surprise attacks near
the Shakhe Railway bridge and at
Paotzuyen, but the attacks were en
tirely repulsed."
"At midnight of November 22 600
of the enemy's infantry attacked Sing
luntun. Our advanced picket, after
resisting the attack for several hours,
safely retired to the main body. The
village was entirely burned by the
enemy.
TOKIO, Nov. 24. — Manchurian head
quarters, In a telegram dated Novem
ber 23, reports:
Apply the Torch to Singluntun After
Its Capture.
RUSSIANS BURN A TOWN.
For the rest the .Government could
only assure those concerned that it
contemplated the sacrifice of no Ger
man interests. In conclusion the Pre
mier strongly exhorted the members
that energetic work for the pressing
needs of the empire was the best
means to heal party differences.
Earlier in the sitting Premier von
Koeber. defending his policy, dealt
with the difficulty of reconciling the
conflicting aspirations of the various
parties. With reference to Innsbruck
he said that practically the Italian
faculty there was no longer In exis
tence and that neither international
nor other weighty consideration stood
in the way of its formal suppression.
He hoped the Czech representatives
would abandon obstruction and for
that reason he had advised the Em
peror to appoint a Bohemian national
Minister- M
VIENNA, Nov. 24. — Disturbances
marked the session of the lower house
of the Reichsrath to-day and this
evening the President abruptly closed
the sitting amid great excitement. The
uproar commenced when a Socialistic
member, replying to the President's
stricture on "the language used In the
last few^days, said the Social Demo
crats have never attacked the wearer
of the crown, but would not be pre
vented from telling the truth about
the "Camarilla which ruled Austria."
During the consequent^Qiscussion the
President declared the session closed.
The galleries created tremendous con
fusion by shouting and showering the
house with slips of paper inscribed.
"Down with the Clerical spoilers of
the schools." *
Socialistic Member Precipitates Row
by Commenting on Language of
the Premier.
many civilian employes, members of
sanitary corps, etc A small room with
no conveniences now costs $2 a day,
whereas before the war a half-dozen
small houses in the corral were rented
for 550 a year.
The question of heating is even more
serious. Wood is worth a cent a pound.
The commissariat is struggling to make
ample provision, still there is bound to
be much suffering, especially at the
front. Fortunately, warm clothing for
the soldiers has arrived.
LONDON, Nov. 24. — The corre
spondent at Odessa of the Standard
learns that the Russian Government
has decided to start in January a gen
eral mobilization throughout Euro
pean Russia.
General Mobilization of Troops.
gallantry in several engagements.
DISTURBANCE BREAKS UP
MEETING OF REICHSRATH
CAPE SKAGEN, Denmark. Nov. 24.—
The second division of the Russian sec
ond Pacific squadron sailed this morn
ing.
fresh provisions and hay for their live
stock. -
To Resmne Work at Arseaal.
PARIS. Nov. 24. — The arsenal
hands at Brest, Cherbourg and
L'Orient have decided to resume worlc
to-morrow, but a fresh strike in the
near future Is probable.
The general question of housing the
people of Mukden is serious. Chinese
from all the surrounding country are
flocking In for the winter, and besides
the military quarters must be found for
The artillery has been silent for two
days. The opinion now prevails that if
the Japanese do not begin a general
attack General Kuropatkin will again
take the offensive.
Much difficulty is being experienced
with camp followers, mostly Circas
sians, Tartars and other tribesmen of
the Caucasus. They swagger around in
cloaks and fur hats, with daggers at
their belts, and .have committed so
many depredations that severe meas
ures have been adopted to get rid of
them.
MUKDEN. Nov., 24.— The Japanese
made a fresh attack on Poutiloff Hill
the night of November 22. The ad
vancing ranks were decimated by. the
Russian shell fire. Some of the Japa
nese secured lodgment on the elopes of
the hill, but were driven out at the
point of the bayonet, and the whole
Japanese contingent fled.
A similar attempt was made the same
night south of Erdagzou, which also
was repulsed with a bayonet charge.
The Japanese lost heavily, while the
Russian loss was thirty killed.
A band of 1500 Chinese bandits, with
six gens, under Japanese officers, com
ing from the direction of the Llao River
was in conflict with three sotnias of
border scouts near Kaiuan early on the
morning of November 23. The scouts
charged without giving the bandits'
battery time to come Into action. The
bandits made feeble resistance and fled
in all directions, leaving 200 of their
dead. The Russian loss was trifling.
A Japanese column of two companies
attempted to penetrate the Russian
east flank on November 23, but were
met by two separate divisions of Rus
sian cavalry and driven oft with severe
loss.
Unofficial advices only bring affairs at
the front up to November 23, and the ab
sence of official news of later date, either
from the Japanese or from the Russian
side, causes the belief that more im
portant operations than heretofore may
be progressing. Reports from the cor
respondents at the front indicate re
newed skirmishing, culminating on the
night of November 22 in a fierce attack
on Poutiloff (Lone Tree Hill), In which
the Japanese were repulsed with heavy
loss and also a severe fight with Chi
nese bandits near Kaiuan, in which 200
Chinese were killed.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 24.—Gen
eral Kuropatkln's tardily published offi
cial announcement of the losses for the
period of twelve days prior to October
2L amounting in sick and wounded to
943 officers and 31,211 men, startles the
public. No mention is made of the
dead, although S000 are reported by cor
respondents to have fallen in the right
wing alone in the series of charges un
successfully made to capture General
Oku's position.
According to a special dispatch from
the front. General Kuropatkin's desire
to remain quiescent is not likely to be
respected by Marshal Oyama. The Rus
sian Alert correspondent telegraphs:
"Tb*re are evidences that the Japan
ese are not going to leave us alone,
but are going to make a determined ef
fort to double in our left flank."
Special Cable ta The Can and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing' Company.
Czar Is Told of
.Stronghold's'
Plight.
The only permanent forts in the pos
session of the Japanese are the two
Panlung forts, captured In August. The
Japanese hold the advance works of the
Rihlung redoubt, called Fort Kuropat
kln, an entrenched hill miscalled "P"
fort, Kobu Hill. Sachltakiyama and
174-meter hill. They also occupy the
caponlere, galleries and moats of the
two Rihlung forts and North Keekwan
fort.
CHEFTJ, Nov. 24.— A huge pile of coal
near the railway station at Port Ar
thur was Ignited by Japanese shells on
November 20, and according to Chinese
arriving here by junk to-day it was
still burning when they left the be
sieged town on November 22. A Japa
nese torpedo-boat destroyer overhauled
this junk, but allowed it to proceed.
Another junk with six Hindoos on
board was taken ashore, where the
junk was burned. The passengers were
sent to Dalny.
The report that the steamship Tung
chow, laden with 30.000 tins of meat,
was captured by the Japanese yesterday
while trying to enter Port Arthur ap
pears to have been correct. The Tung
chow was a British vessel and belonged
to Butterfleld & Swire of Shanghai.
Last Monday when leaving Shanghai
she was transferred at the las,t mo
ment to a man believed to be acting for
the Russian Government.
TOKIO, Nov. 2*4.— Telegraphing to
day, the headquarters of the army be
fore Port Arthur reports:
"The conflagration in the buildings
near the arsenal caused by our naval
guns, which, as reported yesterday, be
gan about noon on November 22, con
tinued until 2 o'clock on the morning of
November 23. It is Drobable that the
coal stores have been burned."
LONDON, Nov. 25. — The correspond
ent at Moscow of the Dally Telegraph
claims authority for the statement that
General Stoessel's dispatch sent by the
torpedo-boat Rastoropny Informed Em
peror Nicholas that the Port Arthur
garrison was being starved out, with
other frank details of Its actual condi
tion, showing that the fall of the fort
ress is inevitable.
Truing to Shatter
Russian Left ,
Flank.
GARRISONHUNGRY
OYAMA IS MOVING
Slavs Repulse a
Fierce Night
Attack.
Coal Stores at
Port Arthur
Burned.
POUTILOFF HILL'S
DEFENDERS AGAIN
DEFEAT JAPANESE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25. 1904.
7
: _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bfo -nu Bw MB— ftlnifk. *%. Every mother fe-elt a
HCjr9B»E BUb ibb^ great dread of the p ain
m mm ra m il m IWh ill fL <Lnd dAn^ cr attendant cpon
WVU llHBlHw the most critical period
'. Af3r . of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the t only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hoar which is dreaded as woman's
* severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the. systern' is rnade -ready for the corning event, and the
serions accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's SS/\$fh& />fn_9o
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," fulfil leg %>
6ays many who have used it. $x.oo per lffl vfifiavK %P
bottle /at : drug stores. ; Book containing '
valuable information of interest to all women, will fil7>ff >T^S^ 4$
be sent to any address free upon application to g ¦ isgiai
SBAOflELD REGULATOR OO« Atlanta. 0a. i ¦ lVla\3
ADV*^KXISE3IEXTS.
Home Cures for Drunk*
enness Do Not Cure.
Every day I am in receipt of dozens
| of letters from people from out of
j town who have heard of my famous
j cure for the drink habit and who
write to know if I cannot send it by
mail — if they cannot be cured at home.
I answer No.
The reason is simple. Excessive
drinking affects no two men alike;
neither are two men ever in exactly
the same physical condition. Then,
again, complications arise from drink-
ing. Every case needs and must have
individual treatment— no two cases
are alike.
Every man who comes to any of my
offices receives the personal attention
of the highest skilled physician and
my cure is administered to suit such
case after thorough examination.
If you really want a cure that cures
come to me. I can't send my cure.
Call or write.
DR. J. J. McKANNA,
14 GEARY STREET,
- SAX FRAXCISCO, CAI*
Phon« Main, 1037. \
B&M^ CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIOORA-
•tcr and Nervine.
Tbc most wonderful apbrodisiac aad Special
Tonic lor tsa Sexual Organ*, for both saxes.
The Mexican Remedy lor Diseases of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Affenta.
ggg Markat St.. S. F. — (Send tor Circulars.)
GUTL-EIRY
EVERY BLADEMRRANTED;
MUSICAL.
WEBER PIANOS
.MOSTLY GONE
?
Eighteen Thousand Dol-
lars* Worth Sold for
Cash in Nine Days
BUT CASH IT 3JTST BE^
And Cash Will Do Most Any-
thin? in This Sale To-Day j
and To-Morrow. at 126
Geary.
W« wish to impress ur>on our friends
and prospective patrons once more and |
with emphasis, the importance of the !
honest effort we are making In this :
"speciai sale" of the great Weber piano. |
to not only accompISsh our object to :
raise a certain amount of money within j
a given time, for an honest business !
purpose, by sacrificing the finest stock
Of the highest-grade piano ever placed |
before the public In a special sale — the
Weber— but the fact— and it is a fact—,
that we. and I believe no one else has ;
ever offered to do so much for so little j
in our line of business, no matter what ;
the requirements, as we are doing for
our friends in this Weber piano sale; j
and while it is not wholly through phil- '.
anthropy that tre do this, our motive j
being more or less a selfish one — (we j
have an object to gain) — nevertheless '
the fact remains, that the necessity of j
the occasion requires us to do some- j
thing for nothing in this sale, so far as j
profits are concerned.
For it Is a fact that, notwithstanding j
«« have raised over J1S.000 cash during
the sale, and sold more than half the '
Weber line of pianos on hand in nine
days, we are loser* on the deal, but ;
when we have completed the sale, and
pot in bank the $30,000 cash required to .
close our option on the new deal, where- j
by we control the Coast on a certain;
line of pianos, then we shall feel light- '
hearted, breathe easy, and be in a posi-
tion to make the gain we are not mak- ;
ing, while selling ¦•Webers"— one of the
grandest pianos ever produced — at $160 j
tr> $275 less than their retail value, and^
that is Just what we are doing: selling"!
one style $160 and another $273 be- :
low their established retail prices every- '
where: and we are selling them too, ;
every hour: Weber. Wheelock and Stuy- \
vosa-t pianos — all built by the Weber ;
people — and the time is here and now.
tot our friends who have the means and
who ever hope to own a piano so fine :
as the Weber, to step up and give us an
opportunity to show our good faith in ;
the matter.
While our statements are frank and :
•--rrrhatic, thev shall be found true and ',
reliable.
To the best of our knowledge and !
ability, no patron of ours shall ever be '
misled by the word or pen of
CLARK WISE & CO.. j
A. A. FISHER. Manager.
5hlf-FilijssPen
*n*F£aTbi£nUsI«a*tf*
S2-»s th<! Ssg«r»; is clean, sure and «1-
wtyi reaJv: <io«s not sweat nor drip.
Price #3.<«> «p.
RAZORS — Good ones as low as $1.00
GILLETTE RAZOR— Doe« not reqalre
strip; :zg or h-.r.:r.z. Is a sesuiae
SAFETY RAZOR. Price fS.OO. .
STAR .SAFETY RAZOR rsaJtes shavln*
easy ar.d ceicfortable. Price ent from
*-.'*. to- tXJSZ.
Str—'s that tom can depend on aa low aa
75c. :
Mall orders promptly filled.
TEXT MATT PITTS,
F. TV. PITTS, the Stationer. I
I'XH? MARKET STREET. Opp. Fifth.
Saa Frascisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL*
eEteatsers leave Broadway
xrharves fp'.trm . 9 and 11),
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkaa Wrac«el,
Junean. Treadweil«. Haiaea.
Pkajrway. etc. Alaska— 11
a. m., NVrr. 26, Dec. 1.
Ckanire to tti« company's
steamer* at Seattle
For Victoria. Vaaeocr«r.
Pert Townwad. Seattle, Taeoca, Ererett.
Posta Bellicfhaa. Belliarhaai— 11 a. ta.. Nor
tC. Dec. 1. Ctar.se « SeattJ« to tfci« com-
pasr« «teaa5er« fcr Alaska aid O. K. Ry • at I
F»att!e cr Taeorr.a to K. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver 1
to C. P. Ry.
For E-urcJta CHuinbeldt Bay) — Pomooa. 1:80 t
r m. Nyir. -«. 30. Dec. 6. Ccrona. 1:30 p. m..
Nov. rr Dec 3
T-yr ¦Lot Acse:«« fr'.a Pert Lc» Aayele* and
Redcri^o). Saa Diego acd Saata Barbara—
Fast* Ro«a. Scndayg. tt n.
Purs c? Cxliforcla, Thur»day«.'9 a. m
For Leg Ar.rcies <v1a Saa Pedro asd Ea«t
Eaa P»<Iro) Santa Barbara. Ra=ta Cruz. M«w-
;"T y Jf^ Cayncoi!. Port Harford fSaa
Ltils Obi«r^W. Ver.tnra and Hueneme.
Eoclta. 9 a. m.. Nov. 23. Dec. 1
Coo« Bay. 9 a. m.. N'ot-. 27. D«»e. S
For Ewnada. Ma^dalera 2ay. Saa Joa« del
Cabo. Mm::u. Aluta. La P« Sa=U Ro-
«Ma Guarmaa Qfajj. 10 a. n,.. TtS each mo.
Im^LS^aZ f0TOat!cn <*taia folder. Rl^ht
ery «t. (Palace HoreD.m Market rt.. and Broad-
r T&S^JSS**** oa c» I« Market st.
afi&j^a FTn^cX""^ A *« t - !
ei^ftJ^f V^^ O- »» Matter «t.. will
oceanies^sxo.
LLSPEECELSt BEDl Q, !CL,TlCaai5ac85nm.
to f mat caa 327 Karat sl. p& 7. paaia I-,
CCX?t.ZSX2 GZJZ24T.E TEAMATr.! Slit: I
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. ia.. fromPier -'f**f
42. North River, foot cf Morton «t
First c!as» to Havre. ?T0 and upward. &> e .
or.3»cla« to Havre. $45 aad upward *FV-
r^n^^n^ CJftTED STATES AND
CANADA. -T2 Bm«dw,y (Hudson buildup)
New York. .1. F. FUtlAZI * CO.. Pacific «^,t
Aprnt*. - Moatjromery avenue. San Francisco
Ti^k«t» f .,;a by Mil Railrcxi Ticket Awu
Per V. 8. Vary Taxfi and Vallejo.
Etrs. Oessral Friebie. MoutlceHo and Arrow
9:4^ •.bj.. 12:30 p.m.. 2:15 {xrn., « p.m., 5;:«) p'
m. Leave San Frar.clscft Sandayg 0:45 am"
12:30 p.m.. «> r ra.. 8:S3 p.m. Leave Vallelo f
a.m., !» a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:13 p.m_ 6 p.m. Suo.
day*. T a.m.. » a.a.. 3:29 p. m.. « p.m. Pter 2
ft Mlgglon rt.: phone Main 15OS. HATCH BROs!
WZZELY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAfl,
THE D1PORIOL ~ ; THE EMPORIUM. I VHK JOtPORrOL ¦ > - THE EMPORIUM.
as ' ' . . '.'.'.'.*' *
* 4$*f *%fB i5^B^a#>C €kS^g* Our liberal money-back guarantee is vour as- ,-n To-Qay'S x
g &&G surance ikat ou / styhs tnd prices arc right-- /F ~%v Toy %
* Beginning to-day, these IV nn» JY ///^^> Sssedai^
i P~T^| pretty little patent kid . jTA? - J& -f ?• \\ //f-«zzz> *a»f#c?»r#«#o j
Jf» / # JL^ shoes, in sizes 5 to 8, with JTZ C £%>&§/ fofofr 1 f t Mf Hi^S^^flS -/ "t "^ 2
fc I Irvj^ .- j 1 -a x z • &&*/ mm a M */aM€j 7L 7/ JUJ£ JBjm R'lB—^-I^S- dLK^ loicay shopping and "
* / rsy^tLN roxed kid tops, fancv [a- I O^^^##^/t/i/ft^###/£___ ' '• *
J jK^C^_% - ¦' I a i d 1 a c e Stay, hhiwiiI*" r^PI^^^^^ o'vb'e" tkT^-" -5
S pSm^'iilTff^l! spring heels, hand- - -^^gjbtJfe^ g * jU "^AMERiCA-s gpandest stors "^^^ . h^- idi y o . tk . 2
%> turned soJes, neat, -—— —^_— _^— «___ . m ¦ - ¦ ' ¦%
I toe, a .very swe.nitt.e'LeToXt BUySOC flill/ 75C VCliS p|«whSp^ |
il r :. weUwor . th$1 -? 0 :^SSo - To-Day for 33c (i^^X^^I^^ I
' * K r» 1 r t ' 1 1- Ynn mt*\> rhnnca frnm mnra >hin i-»o» 1C J+ pieces; wit. make a cabin io*i inches -5
Children's Romeos — Red felt, fur bound, » OU mav CnOOSe IrOm more itlan DU pat- • T r - v -j j »,/ • v •'
1 W^m l ri £ °; slyUsh a ° d j c^ so r 71 th & i i§ M 2SS W I
* Sixe, 6 ton . . 65o Siz« ,,^ to a . . 75c f enlIIc $"£ s0^ c n^\ border '' * omc dotted bor- strQc ' :ive acd hT o tQv> for 7Q m
Jf Women's Romeo,- Black felt, for bound, Bw h«Is, ders »nd still others with p.am hemsmched borders, many _ Chi , d , s cz:eDS { Qn j;d:Wj , s 5
I I P^r .' SOO of them the tv Tt tO " ! ' 7 lth W °T H^" 8 ' a!l ° •k«t«. made ct malleable iron, heavy bee $
;g Women's Julitttes- Back rdrrt top, kid foxed, m e dl- Tuxedo Veils with plain dots or cluster*, values from 50c to an d toe straps; instead of 7 ;c to-dav 5
% um high heels, pair . . . . . . \ . . .$1.50 7 5^ each, divided into 2 lots for this special offering, and pair , _ ' ; 5 2q S
jjf Colored Pe.tJuIiettes- A large assortment to idect from, markcd SviSS Floor Chimes— W Q5Q drawn by chi.d '2
I* «d.,bro«r ns ,bottJ e gr«n, and n.tural gray, pr. $1.50 33o and 25o ' it - produce i sweet maslca! chord, and is a X
J. Women's Winter Shoes- Soft and flexible uppers (via Novelty Chantilry Veils— Black, brown, nary «nd white ... ... cons-ant Dl-asnre to the voun^t-r S — ' *5
£ kid), with heary cork filled soles, warm and water- $1.5O tJ $3.50 - ' v j 1 "" t C */ ¦' x. 3 V *-""" »
tf cro*f, with patent leather tips, medium high heels, Spmgled Border- Brutsels Veili /.75 Wire nandJe; length $}£ inches and pretmy j»
* either button or laced, pair . . . . . . . $2m5O Ribbon Bordered Tuxedo Vei s SDO, 7SC »nd f.QO •lithographed; instead of JOC. to-dav 39O X
I* - 1 *5
i 2.50 Waists $1.75 C^£*gL For Men— A Saie Sacques x
f Oar Waist Drpartment is continually J&^SS® GOOtf Stylish 756 Kind at 48G ]$
* supplying the prettiest and newest in waists *^5\rAr/ ¦ vki ***** *m*m~- ««r »- • • c %
i : at prices unequaled elsewhere. " " V^lS? OVBrCOat, $12.50 We have^JUSt received a few J
: jf One of :he most unusual value, ever ,een . fife, , We call them The London, be- hundred more • R«ne.ette |
: J is now on sale, and together with a multi- fef >^A . cause they were , copied from fn liaht or dark blue red ™ v : «
I tude of other clever styles similarly priced W the L ° nd ° n t0UristS ' COatS ' or Seen-a *£* iSv of ?
,f forms a collection seldom surpassed by the Mfl! if .1 .7 /?|\' they are CUt long and loose, "^. n 'rif 1 Xht S
!* barges: Eastern stores. />,^7 '-?> / • tifr\ \ with broad shoulders, close- material, made with tight
marges, £.as:w.n stores. / y.i.j s k{[\.\ \ fittina rnllir* and «tiff fVnnr* Htting back, loose tront, bish- -{
J Our stock, turn ,o rapidly and are so / fit /H- jfi \ J g w " 'r 1 e S op Sleeve, wide collar, finish- $
\i carefully cared for you are not obliged to \ f Mi / *S% < M |, ' A TwL"er coat^ Se these ed with {^^ braid - which \
| buy soiled or mussed waists here W| i j fnnobby^p.aidsT brown^n" were bought at a price which 5
\l Thn neat design is made exacttrhie P ict. W «^ )M V M g ray , also black and Oxford enabIes to say for this tot w
;g ure-of the pretty Madras and Alexan. \\ pT |f . ffl gray;bok more like 520.00 ' ' ' ' ' ' 4&C X
I jj dnas. Pleated tacic and front ani unique de- A r !L lU'^X^—^ I Mil) i. r\ - *—~mm—m^^—m—^^m—
I rigned rront; some with .silk, other, with self W'l nrt^' S12m5G Butter 29 C St^^S^C $
|g des. Whileqoantitylast,, special. .5/. 75 WMflwffl ' ' ' Claret 33C GsIiOn *
S New Lac; and Dre.s Waists — a large rariety ... " v * l'J'l'!fliW"&* ' Bfif 9 ~ *^ a^ ot^' r S rt »£ msney-Taiues for'FralaT 51
j.- S7.5O and upvrard twE&ffl § zrA Saturday ia oar pur; foou i.-.d tiqaor de- *
%* __ _ partmeats. ,J
I White Muslin To-Day, 6c Underwear %£^2£^%qZ I
K Full Yard Wide— Beached muslin without dressing, instead of 7j4c the Some Seasonable Values .ae^es. . .... &*?l* *
I 5 yard to-dav fie Men's Fleeced Underwear, in blue, Sw«s« Cheese 7 -B«t .mpcrted 1b . . 2Sc %
\Z Y ' ¦ • •- y •••.•-••••••• • OC . .» ' Mikhicr Hernn«— Large, 7 fcsh . . 25c X
j t f P lnk Md tan » «P«ially well 0:ive O il-Cro4 & ILackwer,, bot.6/C -J
! *' "WS^Ba $fS/r*4~%§ F&eZZff-fi ftr%»* &/R. OO made, the drawers double seated, Nabisco Waurs- A;so-t-d riav.rs, t r..24c '3
t* a gMssf avu&ncMa k**su §ur- &*&mC?zj bcst raInc to bc had anvwHere imported wdti«s-D.&G.,iscdn,.ioc :«
|! A very handsome metal bed j^^&Sf^ at the price, per garment . 50o G^' s .". *
3i this, full double size or three- JT/f^^ \f^\%S Medium weight, fine quality Wool Lo< Cabin Maple Syrap— Ji-galloa tin x
(Jf- quarter width, as you prefer u.\^W\\^M j^ =:^£t^ := \ ¦ SIlirts and Drawers, in natural 68c, X-pZonoa.. . .. '. . . 38c X
g it; head 60 inches high, Side K^at^* " ¦V^'l & /f^wS^Sk, vicuna, camelshair and ribbed; Borax Naptha Soap- 6 ban. . - 25c ;5
jt; post 3# inches in circumfer- i^^JH S iC/ffl nine men out of ten will find them SJ. SS^boVjeTT ™™2Oc *
f ence, the ornaments unusu- |fc2^^ '^~ $~^-M V^/j t0 be " good a garment as they Vanilla' Extract— s^nce'botde .' ..25c *
* ally pretty and clean cut; S|lf]^iT>?'*~*t* "*^^ k^Nj want to wear; price, each . . . Claret-Our extra uhis, gallon . 33o %
%> comes in white and and JffiMWiWtfrS: I^^w5i!il $1.00 ™} a ™*™*?« wh.kr- Bottle . 7 So x
g green and gold; is sold else- ' JSil IMM^^SM m "*» Un ! on Suits - The *** of %™^t'^^K^-B^e . .%% X
\it Whereat r8.50; beginning •I^SaSlgFm Hyrgtwrf* 1 *^* merino, ia natural and blue; lundsome, Cedar' Brook Wh-sky-Stra-ghr goods, gJloa *$
1$ this momina, &Ji Qg% J ' comtarable garments, and great jrahie* ta : - ' S2.O5 '%
| J' our special price H******** . .; S2.50 A. B. C Beer— Fmts, dozsa $1.35, *
\ 1i #* " V*»« U~***s mm~..m. «•-. _e^ " Glastenbury Sillc Finish Health Undirwcar quarts, dozea S2.2*3 *£
* . If YOU Need NeW Furniture _ Fast c ; !or . Sac ricuna; no better made C &CGin g er Ale-Imported, do,.^J:|« 5
J investigate UUr 25 rer Cent Off nor more deiiruble garment* ia the market Canadian Cub Whisky — Bottle. . .$1.2O X
if November Offering Finest Pieces attheprce. . si, so Corduu -As.>«ted, decanter. ... .75c x.
ADVTJtTlSE3XEyTS.
Nev Trunks
and Bags
Arriving every week. Ocr stock
of trunks, suit cases and leather
goods is absolutely without peer
in the city. We would be glad
to show you our line of goods
even if you don't buy. Come and
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis Street
I H. S. BRIDGE & CO., \\
$ MERCHANT TAILORS. • j
> XEMOVED TO ' <>
\ 112 Sutter Street. £
!;|. . saw r&Ajrcxsco. . /;£
• | Novelties in Imported Wear. '<i
1A7. T. HESS.
aratarr FnUlo and Atton«7-*2-&*w*
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spredceia bide
Tclaobona Mala 933.
Residence. L90S McAllister at. -
Realdcnc* Telephone Pag» 3«41.
jsdflB^bJ MENANDWOME*.
<™S§9ttcZ4>Eh Ci«Bl*6f3rnaa»wnl
aEgSr ta 1 1* i trnSa div:h»r?M,la2*a»s»tio««.
JC&B Omarut*«i 9 IrttUtioai or nlcer%tlo.«
ft*f -ms M «rt«ar». "• of mucoas ia«aibr»a»«.
fT T fi'UMii tata«<a^ P%!a>««t, %s.i aat ulrta-
KalTVI ETill CHI* til CO. g*a t or poUoaont.
i. a. A. >Sr or nat is pUin wr«pp«r.
JQggK^ by «x>r»t», prrpa!J. lot
YG^R9R/1 $ija.«ib«rti««M.:x
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES,
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
7SZS2E A3TD SAX.T 2CSATS. '
« Aj. DUIua VIA day. T«L Mala 12H.
UBAXT EOO?S AJT2> SSTLXG3T3.
All Kisds repaired. Globe Sb«et 3i«tal Worts,
li;<-UT9 Mission tt. Phona Main USL
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: i-EC^JOtX> * StiJ3.
I 41S Frost at.. 3. F. Phca* MaJa 171>.
FSZjmQfQ. >-..--
E.:CflU(iBES, ¦....-l,>Sgr&-. *•Judges do not always use sufficient dis
cretion in the exercise of judicial
power. i *
The idea of the sanctity of the mar
ried relation has come to be held so
lightly both here and abroad that peo
ple in general are amused instead of
shocked by a suggestion like that satir
ical one of Meredith's, that marriage be
limited to a definite term. A distin
guished cartoonist of our city put the
real situation in a nutshell by pointing
the questions: To whom under such a
regime would belong the responsibility
of the children — and what would be
come ultimately of discarded wives
who were unable to make new marital
contracts because youth and beauty
had faded? It is to the .interest of
women and children that marriage be
upheld as a sacred Institution, not to
be profaned or violated.
Love is the only key to this great
matrimonial puzzle of our own and
preceding centuries. By love I do not
mean that blatant folly which leads a
man to proclaim loudly that he is ready
to die for the object of his passion or
that weakness of head and heart which
permits woman to hold . her honor
cheap.
. I mean the steadfast affection which
makes a man or a .woman willing to
love and love, to do the right thing and
to suffer, if need be — the kind of love to
which George Eliot referred when she
said: "It is not true that love makes
all things easy— It makes us choose
what is difficult"
People should not expect the Impos
sible of marriage. A marriage license
Is not a magic talisman. A clerical
benediction is not the "presto change!"
of a magician. Neither has power to
work a miracle. Nor can both together
by a single stroke weld into one human
instrument two natures absolutely dif
ferent In kind. Only a real and endur
ing love can work the charm.
THE crusade against divorce which
the Methodist and' Episcopal
clergy have proposed is not a
movement peculiar to our times. As
long ago as the reign of Edward VI
the English churchmen were similarly
roused to holy zeal in wedlock'B cause.
The problem existed long before that
day. It is probably as old as marriage
laws.
"Marriage is never an answer; it is
always a question," observes Fantana
lightly In the musical, comedy of the
same name which is now regaling the
Chicago public. In real life it Is what
Asmes Reppelier defined it In an essay
recently published, a problem which
presents the "contrast of manhood and
womanhood, of human creatures whose
hearts and tastes and instincts are rad
ically unlike, who differ in all essen
tials from the foundations of their be
ing."
Divorce is an answer to the mat
rimonial question which appears, from
statistics and the daily press, to be
gaining in popularity. I believe with
all my heart that sometimes it is a
good answer, the only answer. When
ever, from the conditions of the family
life, the welfare of the coming genera
tion is jeopardized, divorce is ethical;
unfortunate it still is, but It Is a neces
sary eviL No woman, for example,- has
a right to give to children an Inheri
tance of drunkenness, disease or Imbe
cility.
Divorce Bought for, purely selfish mo
tives, however, cannot be anything
but a degradation to the Individual
who seeks it, and to the society which
lends it countenance. The trouble Is
not so much with the divorce laws; any
law which protects the weak, the help
less, and the dependent members of a
community is a good law. It is the ap
plication of the laws which, is at fault.
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE.
SIT STILL CLUB.
The Sit Still Club has Just been
organized at Lincoln Neb., by well
known business and professional men.
The object of the club is the improve
ment of street car facilities. j r
The members say *that the street
car company is not operating enough
cars and they propose to compel an
improvement in the service by declin
ing to surrender their sets to women
when the cars are crowded. They
maintain that the company will never
improve the service until women agi
tate the question and demand an im
provement, and they believe that
women will take vigorous action when
they find that men will not surrender
their seats to them.
Announcement is mads of the con
firmation of Harold Newman, son of
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Newman, to
take place to-morrow morning In the
Geary street temple.
A reception will be held at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. Newman on Sunday.
November 27, from 3 to 6 o'clock, 417
Central avenue.
The dinner for Miss Marie Wells and
Selby Hanna, which was to have been
given next Tuesday by Mrs. Pedar
Brugulere, is postponed until the return
of Miss Wells from Bakersfleld, where
she goes this week to spend some time
with Mrs. Traxtun Beale.
The engagement Is announced of
Miss Adele Marion Boyken and Wal
ter Hastings White. Miss Boyken is a
niece of William Boyken, the well
known pharmacist.
Given by the Papyrus Club, of which
Mrs. Mason Klnne is president, Mrs.
W. S. Leake and Miss Ella V. Mc-
Closky vice presidents, the affair will
be attended by our society people, who
expect much pleasure In meeting Mme.
Frandsca and in. giving welcome to
the Misses Wlthrow, who have been
abroad so long In the Interest of their
respective branches of art.
A music programme has been pre
pared, which will add much to the
general pleasure. The reception will
be from 3 to 6 o'clock. This will not
Interfere with Mme. Franclsca's en*
gagement at the TivolL
The reception to-morrow afternoon
in honor of Mme. Fannie Frandsca,
Miss Marie Withrow and Miss Eva
Wlthrow will be a notable event.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Lansdale of Baltimore to Edward
Howard, son at William Howard of
oan j&aieoi
The Crocker Old Ladles' Hom« wGl
b© recipient of a benefit next Tuesday
evening in the Alhambra Theater.
This home is too worthy and too
well known to urge the public to com
ply with its needs. The Orpheus Club
of Oakland will take a prominent part
in the musical, programme that has
been prepared, and some of our best
soloists will also offer their talent.
Mrs. Samuel Newhouse of New York
Is staying at the St. Francis. Mrs.
Newhouse Is a striking and fashion
ably attired woman, whose gowns are
creating comment of admiration.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Smythe have gone to
Coronado on a wedding trip, after
which they will make their home in
Los Angeles.
The marriage of Miss Lydia Dorothy
Stiller of San Francisco and Claude £.
Smythe of Los Angeles was solemn
ized yesterday at the St. Francis.
The ceremony took place at 2 p. m.,
the Rev. Burr Weeden officiating. The
wedding was a quiet affair, only a few
friends being present.
Mr. and Mrs. D- Blodsett of Oak
land announce the engagement of their
daughter, Daisy, to Lester D. Schoen
feld of this city.
A reception will be held on Sunday,
November 27, from 2 to 5, at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Schoen
feld, of 2071 Bush street.
home at Van Ness avenue and Clay
street.
The wedding of Miss Genevleve L.
Smith and Robert Jackson Graham
will, take place on November 30, in St.
Paul's Episcopal church.
Both young people belong to old Cal
ifornia families, and Mr. Graham has
an honorable war record In the Phil
ippines.
A wedding journey will be made
through the State, after which ! Mr. and
Mrs. Graham will occupy their own
• Mr. and Mrs. Elmer F. Brown, Mr.
and Mrs. K. N. Mason, all of San Fran
cisco, have arrived in London and are
at the Hotel Cecil.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Kohl are
leaving to-day for Monterey, where
they will make a brief visit-
The engagement is announced of
Miss Gladys Fisher and Winslow Kel
logg Harnden, both of Honolulu.
• • •
William H. McKittrlck, who has been
In town on a business trip, has re
turned to Bakersfleld.
\ ", • '_=\< • rt .?T» ;'
Miss Paula Wolff will entertain to
day Informally at tea.
Mrs. "Willa Grunwald of St. Peters
burg is at the Occidental. She will
remain in San Francisco through the
winter.
'£'.'_ • v'V • T >.-'•• ¦¦'¦
Lieutenant and Mrs. Frederick Kel
lond leave to-day for their new home at
Vancouver Barracks.
. • - ' • ¦*¦ ¦ . • v
• • •
Many affairs are being planned in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Alfred Laughlin,
who are at home from their wedding
trip. Mrs. Laughlin was Miss Emma
Moffat, the marriage taking place a
few weeks ago, and, though quiet, the
wedding was an important society
event. Near the date of the Laughlln-
Moffat nuptials were those of Bliss
Helen Pettigrew and William Lemman.
Mr. and Mrs. Lemman left for an ex
tended wedding Journey through the
East, and may Include Europe before
their return.
The receiving party will be composed
of several well-known society matrons
and maids.
The art exhibit given by Matteo San
dona will take place to-morrow from 2
to 6 in his studio, corner Larkin and
Union streets. The event Is under the
patronage of several of our best-known
society people. Including Mrs. Emma
Shafter-Howard, General Shatter and
James D. Phelan.
Oils and sketches will be on view, and
two extremely fine portraits, Mlsa
Grace Llewellyn- Jones and Miss Ger
trude JoUiffe.
A large bridge party will be given by
Mrs. Henry Clarence Breedon on De
cember 8.
a * •
Miss Newell Drown will be hostess at
the Gaiety Club dance this evening in
Century HalL
Many house parties resulted from the
opening of the California Polo and
Polo Pony Association at Burllngame
yesterday. ,
Society, which attended in generous
numbers, was well entertained.
Among the hosts and hostesses were
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hobart, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Clark. Mr. and Mrs. Wal
ter Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Robert .Cole
man and Mr. and Mrs. Henry Scott
So off, sir, she swam to her husband, the
clam.
And the lobster was left very pallid.
He caught such a cold that he died, I am
told,
And his carcass was chopped up for
salad. —New York Press.
"I thank you, good man. as much as I
can;
You're charming beyond all expres
sion; .
But now I must go, tor surely you
know .'>:'
You've relieved my erstwhile depres
sion.**
I'll buy thee a pearl, my dear little 'girl,
For I'm one of your lusty crusta
ceans."
So he purchased a pearl for the dear lit
tle girl.
While she played at the game she was
playing;
She no longer could cry, e'en though she
WOUld try.
For she worked Mm with little essay-
Ing.
"My heart has been cheated, my hopes
all defeated.
By that wretched mollusca, the clam;
He shamefully used me and quite abused
me —
The brute, the stingy old sham."
"Oh, the dastardly fool! But It's always
the rule
, With clams and all their relations.
"Now, come, pretty sweet," said the lob
ster .effete.
"Such eyes were not made for crying;
Come, shed no more tears; allay all thy
And stop thy violent sighing."
"Ah ha! my good sir; from your words I
Infer
You know naught of love nor affection ;
But perhaps you may learn lf yourself
you conoern
In the art of making confection.
*TKP LOBSTER ons eve heard a mer-
II— \ maid grieve
U v In a coral cave of the ocean;
She was wailing her fate at a terrible
rate
Because of a faithless devotion.
A SEA SHELL
GAME.
A Smart Street Two-Piece, Suit of Mixed Gray Velveteen,
With a White Satin Vest, Figured With Green. The
Lapels and Collar of the Coat Are Faced Back With White
Satin. A Dark Gray Velvet Hat, With Green Fancy
JZrnth.tr 7c Wevnx »
Most ; of « the t things i you ' discover are
«18£nd.ihand v dlscoyerits,' "
Special information supplied dally to
business bouses and public . men • by '. the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call-
Coral* ctrMfc> Xelofthoa* Main lOiZ, «
Townsend's .California Glace fiuiu la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Harlpat at,*
They all kaep diaries— stationer*.
Japan needs a trifle of about $400,
000,000, and T peace : loving nations : ,will
BUBBly itr— wwhlortea' Times,
New York Is suffering from a dearth
of plasterers. It has been supposed
that its most urgent need was for
whltewashers. — Cleveland Plalndealer.
Katherine— Fat men are * seldom
criminals.
Kidder— I ; guess that's . because it is
difficult for them , to stoop ¦ to anything
low. BHHHHBfeSBni
ms idea.
Mickey captain)— Here, I
ketch yer talkln' to dat bunch of rags
when yor ought to be out practicing.
If we lose to-day's game I'm goin' to
smash yer in yer left eye.
: Jimmy (the pitcher)— And If we
win? ' :
- Den I'll smash yer right
1 -^B^r^^j^L *J*?. sw»t _
AVHAT THEN?
begs the court to relieve him of matri
mony on the ground that his wife, is
cruel to him and he cannot bear It.
Murderers at large, hunted by armed
sportsmen, and divorce proceedings ac
companying the hunt, suggest the
spice that . enlivens American life.
Hartford Courant.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Possibly those "distinguished noble
men," who, according to the press dis
patches, Crossed the ocean with Buf
ialo Bill and are with him now, are
taking for granted all the stirring ex
perience they have run up against.
It is conceivable that they think they
?re right in the usual swim 'of events
<:> these United States. Going out to
hunt for bears and elk; they have
ccme upon a bank robbery and are
aj»ked to Join in 'a man-hunt, where
ihe regard -Is double for the robbers
d(?3d. and as they start off on this
they encounter the*divorce
case of Buffalo Bill himself, who. Is
brave enouxh to hunt murder tri, but
When it is remembered that 75 per cent of all the local tonnage
carried in California is affected by water competition, the economic
importance of our rivers and harbors is made plain. Because our
river navigation as seen on the map is only a few hundred miles it
appears of but little importance. The Eastern river lines, thousands
of miles long, seem to eclipse it But it is of vast importance to
California. Nowhere else in the United States are there rivers open
for navigation every day in the year, flowing between banks that
have a daily production of something that profitably uses water
transportation.
Our rivers flow through a country that produces all kinds of
grain, all kinds of deciduous fruit, all kinds of citrus fruit Their
tributary country furnishes canned and dried fruits and vegetables
upon which the world has come to depend for its supply. There is
scarcely anything produced by the soil as a luxury or a necessary
of life that is not brought to the river banks of California for trans
portation. It is for this reason that the people of our wide river
region were inspired by great hope when The Call was able to
announce that our members of Congress intend to make the rectifica
tion and navigability of the rivers one 'of their first duties, to be
persisted in until all available plans are supported by the necessary
appropriations. The sympathy of the Secretary of War with their
purpose is appreciated by our people and"will not be forgotten.
MR. TAFT, Secretary of War, in his current report, has not
overlooked the needs of the Sacramento River, and his posi
tion gives some strong assurance that the plans of our mem
bers of Congress for a comprehensive and conclusive river policy in
California will have his sympathy and support. The Secretary says
that now the river is in a deplorable condition, injurious to naviga
tion, and 'needful of immediate attention. > Even the removal of
snags that obstruct boats is neglected. The report says that at
the close of the fiscal year, June 30, 1903, there was not money
enough left in the river appropriation to make the necessary repairs
to the snag boat.
THE SACRAMENTO.
"But the relation of a Representative to these appointments
rests not upon law, but upon custom. Some one must be consulted,
and. as a rule, the Congressman is the man whose advice is the
most apt to be that which can be followed with advantage to the
community and therefore to the party. But this is a mere custom,
and I have never hesitated a moment to deviate from it, whenever
circumstances arose that satisfied me it was wise and proper to do
so. In scores of cases I have been obliged to disregard the recom
mendations of Congressmen for all kinds of reasons, usually because
1 have believed the^man recommended to me was unfit. Occa
sionally I have disregarded them because I felt that the man who
was in office was so conspicuously fit that he ought to be retained.
"I wish also to point out to you that it is also proper to pay
heed not only to the wishes of Cabinet officers, but even of Senators
of the opposite party, in the case of nominations to office in their
own towns. In such cases I have sometimes appointed the man
recommended by a Democratic Senator, and even when I have not
done this I have consulted him about the man I did appoint. That
I should consult a member of my own Cabinet in reference to the
postmaster in his own city goes without saying."
It is not necessary to add that Mr. Pinkham was reappointed
to the Haverhill postoffice. The President's letter reads like a
declaration of independence, in view of what has been done under
some administrations. He proposes to seek all means by which the
fitness of an applicant for office may be known. This is notice to
the unfit to give up hope, even when backed by Senators and Rep
resentatives. It also opens direct approach to the President with all
matters that touch the propriety of any appointment, or any re
moval from office. In other words, the President proposes to carry
into the selection 'of officers his ideas about a square deal, and the
people like it.
/-N NE of the most important letters written recently by President
( ) RoosL-wh has strangely escaped general publication and at-
tentioii. Mr. Moody, Attorney General in the^ President's
Cabinet, was formerly a member of Congress from Massachusetts,
living at Haverhill. He resigned his seat in" the House to become
Secretary of the Navy. When Mr. Knox retired from the Depart
ment of" Justice tp be Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Moody was
transferred to the office of Attorney General and Mr. Morton took
his place in the Xavy Department.
While Mr. Moody was a member of the House he requested
the appointment of Mr. Pinkham as postmaster in his home town
of Haverhiil, and President McKinley made the appointment. Mr.
Moody was succeeded in Congress by Mr. Gardner. When Mr.
Hnkham's term in the Haverhill postoffice approached its end Mr.
Gardner, who lives at Hamilton, requested that he be not reap
pointed and named another man for the place. To this Mr. Moody
objected, as Mr. Pinkham had made an exceptionally good post
master. Whereupon Mr. Gardner protested against interference by
a Cabinet officer in the appointment of postmasters in their home
towns. His protest was in the form of a letter to the President, in
which he said : "It is not a parallel case in Massachusetts to those
States in which Senators select postmasters. In Massachusetts it
has been understood that a Congressman shall select postmasters
in the towns and cities in his district."
This was the statement of the case from the standpoint of a
"practical politician," and no doubt Mr. Gardner conceived that he
had an airtight case. But the President differed, and took occasion
to state his position in a letter that may fairly be taken as a declara
tion of his policy during the term to which he was elected imme
diately after it was published. In this letter the President says :
"To clear up any possible misapprehension I would like at the
outset to say that Senators do not 'select' postmasters in any
State while lam President. I consult them always and in the vast
majority of cases act on the recommendation they make, but the
selection is mine, not theirs, and time and again during the three
years I have been President I have positively refused to select in
dividuals suggested to me for nomination as postmasters by various
Senator?. If I am not satisfied with the character and standing of the
man whose name is suggested to me, I never nominate him. I un
derstand perfectly that the Senators are part of the appointing
power, and that they have the same right to reject that I have to
nominate, and therefore the appointment must represent an agree
ment between them and me, and as the acquaintance of the Senator
with his State is much greater than that of the President can pos
sibly be it is the normal and natural thing that I should listen to
their advice as to these appointments, and I generally do so. But
I stop listening to it as soon as I find that a Senator is advising me
wrongly. So much for my relations with my. constitutional ad
visers.
The dark mass In the opposite chair
seemed to be considering the question.
There was a movement, and the point
of light that marked his cigar shifted.
. "She has," he said with calm convic
tion, "only one expects her to have too
much taste to exercise the right." There
was a pause, and then he elaborated:
"Being a woman, you see, dear girl, is
just a trifle like being caught in a net.
It is by no means the same thing as be
ing a man, and all the emancipation in
the world can't really free her. She is
an entirely different being, and I'm
rather glad she Is."
The girl was holding her. breath, she
scarcely knew why. Sprites, hand In
hand, seemed to be dancing along her
nerves and singing in tiny, threadlike
voices, that only she could hear, "And
I'm glad, too; and Fm glad, too!" It
took her several moments to study the
sudden joy. Then she pursued the ar
gument calmly.
"But no — surely you're not In earnest
— surely you're not of the antiquated
school that believes, for Instance, that
a woman's brain is of a different — and,
of course, inferior — caliber to man's?"
There was a fine disdain In her tone,
notwithstanding the fact that her heart
was beating Impatiently.
The man chuckled softly, for truth to
tell he was that very sort of a creature.
Never had he been able to take the or
gan under discussion seriously. He ad
mitted it now without reserve, with a
fine, large, indulgent masculine assur
ance.
"It's a wonderful little contrivance,
the feminine brain," he concluded, "but
certainly it is different."
Again in the darkness the mouselike
smile flashed out and back again, ac
companied this time by an audible
sound that started as a snicker, but
was deftly turned Into a sniff' of scorn.
It was the latter that the man recog
nized and greeted with an amused
laugh.
"Ever hear about the little butercup
that pined to be a daisy— or the rose
that swore it was a potato, and if it
wasn't it would be — there now?" In
quired the man with bland curiosity.
Again the point of light shifted. He had
replaced the cigar in his mouth and
settled a little more luxuriously in his
chair, as if In mere sybaritic enjoyment
of his extraordinary luck In having
been born as he was.
"Your Illustrations are beside the
facts," she retorted at last, with dig
nity. "I was not asserting that girls
wish to be men!"
"Well, then" — bis tone implied an
amiable desire to please — "ever hear of
the little buttercup that insisted that
it was a daisy, in spite of appearances
and the testimony of Its yellow petals?
Well, that's like the foolish little girls
who want to • be judged by man's
standard."
Two slender hands were clapped noise
lessly, but their owner enunciated with
some heat: "How would you like to be
a woman yourself and be put upon,
and — and snubbed and forever taunted
with the fact of your Inferiority? Oh,
not. In so many words," she went on
hurriedly, lest he should interrupt her
speech. "Not that, of course; but by be
ing told that you couldn't understand,
being patronized, having allowances
made — 'Oh, well, she's only a woman!'
Just tell me, honor bright, how would
you like itr
The man chuckled. The vision of him
self in the predicament suggested was
not without its humorous side. The fig
ure of speech he had used a few min
utes earlier came back to him with a
new force. It was like being caught
under a net, though the meshes were
silken. ;
"Well?" she demanded, with a ring of
triumph In her voice.
"I don't suppose I should like it,"- he
admitted between puffs. "But that
doesn't " prove anything, you know," he
went on hastily. "That's because I'm a
man." Then, as an afterthought, "When
you're once used to being a woman-^r
— I should think you might get. used to
it — grow to like it. Man's good angel,
you know, and all that!" ;
"But what lf one wearies of the role
of good angel— what If one longs to be
Just one's self? For my part I -don't
see why man shouldn't be woman's
good angel for a while — he's so strong
and brave and, above all, superior!"-
Her voice was " deceptively mocking.
Being only a man, and, a man.' in the
dark at that, he had no way of know
ing that her eyes were ?'; dancing mis
chievously, and she was , wondering ; if
he were horribly shocked." What he did
know, however, was that the" .voice,
with its youthful; almost boyish;, treble,
.was the sweetest in . the -world to him—
that he would rather bejmocked and
flounted ' by , those lips • than , flattered ; by
any; others. >.. Still,^ he \ had >a> point Ho
prove, and heUossed.the dwindled 'cigar
«ff "; Into the buehea < that \ flanked the.
Li A s lf marriage were the only
A end and aim of a girl's life!"
/""V she threw off ecornfully. Her
companion smoked lmper
turbably .into the night for several
seconds before replying. Always he
had the air of one loth to break a
silence, one who had a constitutional
aversion to the futilities of speech. But
she was accustomed to that, even
whimsically attached to his deliberate
ways. At last he spoke. In the dark
ness she could see his face only as a
pale blur, but there was a suspicious
sweetness in his tone.
"All the little rippling, purling
brooks," he said slowly, "and ail the
ordinary rivers, even the great majestic
streams, 'wind somewhere to the sea."
And I'm sure it isn't my fault," he
added, in an injured voice.
"Some rivers plunge underground
and lose themselves," she argued stub
bornly.
"I said 'ordinary rivers.' " This with
laconic patience from the gloom.
A quick, flashing smile touched her
lips and vanished, as if frightened to
find itself in the dark. She wondered—
well, a number of things; as, for in
stance, what he was thinking of at that
very instant, whether he had ever been
really in love, and if so what she was
like— how deeply love would stir him,
whether—
She made a little impatient movement
to brush away the thoughts which
buzzed through her mind like gnats,
but still they hovered about, scattered
but not dispersed. He was one of the
men a woman simply had to think
about— broad of shoulder and exasper
atlngly masculine — a sort of unex
plored country of mannishness that
forever challenged. She drew a sharp,
piqued sigh. However much the femi
nine mind paid tribute, he apparently
preserved a Jove-like calm. Ruthlessly
she prodded him again. ;
"But why hasn't a girl just as good
a right to contemplate the joys of bach
elorhood as a man?" she demanded. "A
man marries if he wants to, when he
wants and, above all, because he wants
to; while a girl— well, she gets the Idea
that matrimony is a refuge from the
wrath to come. If she doesn't marryg
she knows that her best friends will re
fer to her behind her vback as an 'old
maid,' and think of her as one of life's
failures. It isn't fair! Why hasn't she
just as much of a right to her single
ness as a man?"
porch, squared his shoulders aggres
sively and demanded:
"Would you propose to a man if — er—
you loved him?"
His listener gasped: This was carry
ing the war into the enemy's country
with a vengeance. Propose to a man
she loved! Not for rubles and dia
monds—not for principalities and pow
ers! One might propose to a man one
didn't love, but to the man— never!
"No," came the answer, In a voice
grown suddenly small and meek.
"And she talks about wanting a man's
rights," he groaned to some invisible
person. "And she hasn't the nerve to do
a little thing like that. My, oh. my!"
"I'm afraid you'll have to stay in the
•r — : * _ — . — _ : — i.
THE PRESIDENT ON PATRONAGE.
BY KEITH GORDON.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
7o7I^ D. SPKECKELS .Proprietor
ADDRESS AIX COMMUNICATIONS TO W^.™
3 °i !:v J Ic^5 GHT _^!f!?
rVBLJCATKX OFFICE^ THIRD AXD~MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY . ¦ 1 !? 511 25 ' 19 °*
THE LAST WORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25. 1904.
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
"Would you propose to a man
if— «r — you loved him?"
good angel business awhile yet— until,
for instance, you can stand up and tell
a man you love him. I don't see any
other way."
There was a pause, in which he wait
ed for her to speak, but she said noth
ing. Then he leaned forward, and in
the gloom she could see the shining of
his eyes. He, too, must have seen some
secret thing in her face, for with a
laugh— soft, exultant— he took her
hands in his and pressed them fervent
ly to his lips. '
"You are such funny, helpless, ridicu
lously superior creatures," were her last
words upon the subject, a little later;
"that I suppose it will have to be — yes.V
—(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
TRUE LOVE THE ONLY SOLUTION
OF THE GREAT DIVORCE PROBLEM
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
8OAKLAND, Nov. 24. — Ernest Kru
per, a cement •worker, 25 years old,
residing at Myrtle and Twenty-fourth
streets, was arrested to-day on a
charge of annoying girls in the vi
cinity of the Santa Fe Railroad sta
tion. Complaint had been made to
the authorities concerning the actions
of a man in that neighborhood.
Deputy Sheriff F. H. Fritz saw Kru
ger accost two g^rls and took him
Into etistody.
Annovs Girls and Is Arrested.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24.— The fire
which destroyed the decorations at the
annual military ball of Company A
last night was • caused by a gas Jet on
the wall coming in contact with i the
bunting. It was at; first though; that
It was caused by crossed :; electric'
.wires, but later, the was found to
be in ' good condi t ion.
Fire Caused by Gas Jet.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24.— Fred Adams,
24 years old, a carpenter from Aber
deen, S. D., on his way to San Jose,
was taken from the westbound over
land train at Sixteenth-street station
to-night to the detention ward at the
Reoeiving Hospital, : suffering from a
severe attack of " melancholia. The
patient will be taken to San Jose to
morrow.
Passenger Goes to Hospital.
Former Police Sergeant Returns.
OAKLAND, Nov. 24. — Former
Sergeant of Police Charles E. Clark
has returned to Oakland. He ab
sented himself during the exploita
tion of the details surrounding his
dismissal from the Police Department
with Patrolmen J. F. StahL Lee E.
Andrews and C W. Hamerton.
Before you 'Jump at conclusions be
sure they are there.
Grand radium* exhibition, entertainment. Lec
tnre "Nerve Waste." Central Hall packed tc~
nlsh't, g o'clock. Admission free. Bouvenlr for
ladles. 1023 Market *t-, near Sixth. Come. •
OAKLAND, Nov. 24. — Tha members
of Sacred Heart Church, at Fortieth
and Grove streets, . will give a whist
tournament for the benefit of the par
ish next Wednesday evening at Sacred
He art Hall, on Forty-first and Grove
streets. , The committee in charge of
the affair has arranged a number of
prizes, several of which are unusually
handsome and valuable. ¦'
Benefit of Sacred Heart Parish,
OAKLAND, Not, 14. — Evelyn O.
Sloan and Burton R. Fraser ware
secretly married last night in* San
Francisco and after tha ceremony they
notified their relatives by telegraph.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Sloan of 1871 Eighth street and
the groom is the Bon of Robert Fraser
of West Oakland. The couple will live
In this city.-
Were Secretly Married.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 24. — Mon
elgnor Agius, apostolic delegate to the
Philippines, who is now in this coun
try en route to Manila, and Monsigmor
Falconio*, apostolic delegate to the
United States, accompanied by their
respective suites, came from Washing
ton to-day to this city to pay their re
spects to Cardinal Gibbons. During
the afternoon the vLsiting dignitaries
were entertained at dinner by his Emi
nence and later returned to Washing
ton.
Monstgnor Aglus said that it had
been the purpose to proceed directly to
the Philippines, but that he had ac
cepted the advioe of President Roose
velt to await the return of Secretary
Taft from Panama In order that ha
might be more fully enlightened by
that officer concerning conditions In
the Philippines. In tha meantime,
while awaiting tha return of Secretary
Taft, Monsigmor Agius will probably
visit several of the Western cities.
Their Respects to His
Eminence.
Blonsignors Agius and Falconio Pay
SALINAS, Nov. 24. — Castroville's
Chinese quarter was destroyed by, fire
Wednesday evening. It is feared that
one or two of the residents may have
perished in the flames. The loss la
estimated at nearly $20,000.
Castroville's Chinatown Is Burned.
A drill wa» g^me through by the
firemen, their proficiency eliciting
praise from the onlookers.
BERKELEY, Nov. 24. — The four
companies comprising the paid fir©
department of Berkeley were given an
official Inspection at noon to-day by
Mayor Packard and the Town Trus
tees.
Chief Kenny lined up his men and
their equipment on Shattuck avenue,
near Center street, for the benefit of
the municipal government represent
atives. The "masheens" shone with
unusual luster and tho oxen, uni
formed and In full fighting trim, re
flected credit upon the department In
the opinion of the officials, who crit
ically inspected both machinery and
men.
Excellent Showing Made by Men With
Their Machinery When Paraded
Before Town Trustees.
NOTED PRELATES DINE
WITH CARDINAL GIBBONS
FIRE LtADDIES -INSPECTED
BY BERKELEY OFFICIAIjS
Ijudwig: Medal for Slngexi q
MUNICH, Nov. 24. — The Ludwig
medal of Bavaria for the department
of science and art has been conferred
on Albert Reiss, the singer, now en
gaged at the Metroplltan Opera-house,
New York.
Freedom of Cork for Rossa.
CORK, Nov. 24.— Tha corporation
has decided to confer the freedom of
the city on O'Donovan Rossa.
French Minister to Chile Dies.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Nov. 24. —
Glrard D. Rallta, Minister of France
to the republic of Chile, died hew to
day. . S* pi
AMSTERDAM, No\*. 24. — Paul
Kruger, the late President of the
Transvaal republic, left a fortune esti
mated at $3,750,000. He bequeathed
$125,000 to various societies in Hol
land and sums to all the funds opened
after the South African war for the
support of the Boer widows and
orphans. Bequests also were made for
the maintenance of the Dutch lan
guage.
He Bled.
Jjat« President of Transvaal Republic
Was Worth $3,750,000 When
FORTUNE OF OOM PAUIi
RUNS INTO »HLLIOXS
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 24. — Virginia
Cresantl, a little girl, was severely
bitten on the head by a large dog this
afternoon while playing near her res
idence. The child, with a number of
other children, • was playing with the
canine when it suddenly became en
raged and attacked her. She was car
ried to the residence of a physician,
where the wounds on her head were
dressed.
Dog Attacks a Little Girl.
The If e-wa Letter of this week publishes an
other strange resemblance. The one published
last we«Ic created quite a deal of comment In
newspaper and other circles. There Is a very.
strong- editorial that la pertinent to the season
and which all business men should read and
which should be of special Interest to the
American Federation of Labor. It la entitled
"Prohibit Boycotting;," and points the w*jr.
The Newt Letter makes an urgent appeal for
clean sidewalks and asks tha co-operation of
all citizens In this crusade. Women's dubs
and all women who believe In woman's suffrage
ehould read the article entitled "Right, but
Not Feasible,"' a subject upon which much
thought has been expended. The same is deep
ly Interested in the editorial comment under
the head of "dubs and Clubhouses." In fact,
this number of the virile and enterprising
weekly Is replete with articles the advanced
woman will find of great and lasting interest.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs brings tha
bibliography of dally occurrences up to date ta
a page of wisdom and caustic comment
The financial review of the we«k tells of af
fairs In Tonopah and Ooldfields districts and
the story of the Peerless and Coallnga deaL
There is a column of university gossip that
should set the Berkeley and Stanford tongues
a-wagglng. *
A Remarkable Publication.
Rev. Mr. Harrison had attempted to
construct a new church for his parish
when Archbishop Ireland announced
his cathedral project. This contem
plated the erection of a $3,000,000 ca
thedral parish house, which would nec
essitate the abandonment of Father
Harrison's building plans. His oppo
sition to the proposal of the Archbish
op led to his transfer to the Minneapo
lis parish and his suspension on refu
sal to obey the order.
Rev. Mr. Harrison's appeal to Rome
grew out of an order from Archbishop
Ireland on June 16, 1904, suspending
him from the priesthood because of
disobedience in refusing to resign the
pastorate of St. Joseph's parish, Mich
igan.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 24.— The Pioneer
Press to-morrow will say: ' Word was
received yesterday in St. Paul that
Rev. John T. Harrison, former pastor
of St. Joseph's parish, has won his ap
peal to the Holy See at Rome, and that
an order has been Issued to Archbishop
Ireland to reinstate Rev. Mr. Harrl-
Eon to the priesthood. This decision
was announced by Archbishop Fal
conJo, apostolic delegate to Washing
ton, to whom the appeal was referred
by the congregation of the propaganda
at Rome.
Archbishop Ireland Ordered by Rome
to Reinstate the Deposed
Priest.
FATHER HARRISON* SAID
TO HAVE WON OX APPEAL
Superior Judge Prewett Is Indorsed.
AUBURN, Nov. 24.— -The Placer
County Bar Association to-day In
dorsed Superior Judge J. E. Prewett
for the Democratic member of the
new Court of Appeals in this district.
Judge Prewett has also received the
indorsement of many prominent citi
zens here and elsewhere. In the event
of a vacancy on the bench of Placer
County Hon. John M.'jFulweiler and
Fred P. Tuttle will be aspirants
for the place.
who arrived her* November 20 from
Boston on the Cunard liner Saxonia.
Wallace is charged with stealing stock
certificates to the value of {30,000 from
James Breltung, a banker of Mar
<ruette, Mich., by whom Wallace was
employed as confidential secretary. The
prisoner had a letter of credit for $22,
000 on Coutts' Bank, London, j It is
alleged that he had already drawn
{5000 from a Liverpool bank.
BOSTON, 1 Nov. 24.— The Boston po
lice were notified about ten days ago
that James Wallace of , Marquette,
Mich., was missing from that place,
and that there was reason for suppos
ing he had come to this city. It de
veloped that Wallace had been here a
day or two and then had sailed for
England. Wallace called on Lee, Hlg
ginson & Co., bankers, and obtained
a. letter of credit on Coutts* Bank,
London, for {22,000.
Yesterday Edward Breltung brought
a bill in equity in the Superior Court
here against the Boston bankers, seek
ing to have them enjoined from pay-
Ing any part of this sum to Wallace,
as announced in dispatches last night.
Wallace left Marquette on October
20, leaving word with his employer
that he was going to an institution for
the cure of inebriety in Illinois. When
he did not return Breitung began an
investigation with the result that 850
shares of Michigan copper mining
stock and 200 shares of United States
Steel preferred stock were found to
be missing. He at once reported the
case to the American Bankers' Asso
ciation, with the result that. a search
was begun for Wallace.
It was found that he took passage
from Boston on the Cunard liner Sax
onia for Liverpool on November 12,
with a woman said to be his wife, un
der the name of Mr. and Mrs. James
Wilson. It was subsequently learned
that Wallace had obtained a letter of
credit in Boston for £4400. Wheq the
steamer reached England a detective
was at the pier and the man and wo
man who had gone over under the
name of Wilson were followed until
the man was positively Identified as
Wallace. Wallace was then taken Into
custody. The letter of ' credit for
£4400 and the money which Wallace
had in his possession were recovered.
Brigadier General "Wlnt, as depart
ment commander, mitigated the sen
tence bo that the forfeiture of pay
shall be for four months. Lieutenant
Mohn is ordered released from arrest
and will now Join his command In San
Francisco.
Captain Slocum was rn. command of
the rifle range and severely criticized a
report made by Lieutenant Mohn on
the shooting of Mohn's troop as "False,
untrue and mada ' with intent to de
ceive."
The court-martial found Lieutenant
Mohn guilty of conduct to the prejudice
of good order and military discipline
and sentenced him to be reduced in
rank so that his name will appear be
low that of Second Lieutenant C Tel
ford, Twelfth Cavalry, about sixty
numbers and to forfeit {50 a month in
pay for nine months.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Nov. 24.—
An order from the headquarters of the
Department of Missouri, making public
tho findings of the court-martial of Sec
ond Lieutenant Albert J. Mohn, Fourth
Cavalry, was received here to-day. The
trial of Lieutenant Mohn lasted three
weeks. Mohn was tried, for insubordi
nation in connection with a . letter he
forwarded to department headquarters
in September, relative to the target
shooting report of his command, troop
L Fourth Cavalry, in which he, Mohn,
accused Captain Slocum, adjutant of
the Eighth Cavalry, of making state
ments that he, Slocum, "knew to be
false." .
Felton is said to have come from
Chicago several years ago. Roche is 35
years old. In 1895 he was convicted of
killing "Sheeny George" Levl and was
sent to Sing Sing to serve nine years,
but was pardoned after serving four
years. At the hospital again to-night
he refused to say who had shot him.
By this time the crowd had grown
to such proportions that reserves had
to be called before Felton could be
taken to the police station. There two
witnesses said they saw Felton fire
two shots the Instant before Roche
fell-
"Leave It to me; if I die, all right; if
I live, I will make good," waa all Roche
would eay.
Roche was hurried to a hospital,
where it was said his condition is crit
ical.
NEW YORK, Nov. 24.— Guy Roche,
a sporting man who killed "Sheeny
George" Lev! nine years ago, was shot
and probably fatally wounded late thla
afternoon in Broadway between Thirty
fifth and Thirty-sixth streets while the
avenue was thronged with promena
ders. Stewart Felton, known as "Big
Frank,". also a sporting man, was ar
rested, charged with having fired the
shot. He denies the charge. Although
he was told that he wouid die, Roche
refused to say that Felton shot him
and declared that if he lived he would
settle his account himself.
The shooting occurred in th« midst
of a crowd that filled the sidewalk, and
immediately there was wild excitement.
Felton turned and dashed through the
crowd, followed by hundreds of men
and women who shouted for the police.
Running to Seventh avenue Felton
entered a saloon and was there' ar
rested.
He was taken to where Roche lay,
and an effort was made to have the
wounded man identify him.
LIVERPOOL* Nov. 24^-Tha police of
this city hare arrested James "Wallace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
English Detective Meets
Alleged Felon as He Lands
From a Cunard Steamship
Attempt Is Made to Kill a
Well Known Sporting Man
on Crowded Thoroughfare
Subaltern in Addition to
Drop in Bank Will Suffer
a Monetary Loss of $200
XOSES SIXTY KTJMBEES
ASSAILANT IS IN JAIL
CAUGHT Etf N LIVERPOOL
Lieutenant Who Criticised
His Superior Given Heavy
. Sentence by Court-Martial
Confidential Employe of a
Michigan Banker, Wanted
| for Embezzlement, in Toils
Wounded Gambler Eef uses to
Name 3Ian Who Shot Him,
Saying "Leave It to Me"
REVENGE SWEET
TO DYING MAN
BRITISH SLEUTH
CAPTURES THIEF
ARMY OFFICER
FOUND GUILTY
¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1904.
9
. . ._ PRAGERS '
Be sure to see important announcement in this
evening's "Bulletin" and "Post." You will miss
something if you don't
* «• , •
Friday Surprise No. 20
Prices for To- Day Only
There Will Be "Something Doing" at Pragers
This Morning *
8:30 until noon, thereafter until the closing hour the
usual shopping inducements will prevail.
Fancy Stocks Boys' Sweaters Blanket* Of*4V*
W C y5?£°SU (Second Floor) «JJ > ™e OU1-
beaded stocks All-wool Sweat- ""I 1 * °°\
*-lth tabs; they era — made of Blankets — 2 jvt Orkon
are made of black German yarn; yards wide and I'UW V-'pcll
eiJk Brus»el« net they con ie In 10 7 feet lonjr;
*fi» 3^h i different shades have silk bind- /im.jTfh Vloor^
Ua?t vl* .£2* and »* sIze8 = ln^- P lnk - blue (F ° Urth Pl0Or)
Z! b '££L e?^; they are mark- and red bor-
verr' s t r 1 1 s h- P<J t0 * el1 at ders: regular P/%r\Ti1nr>
w^rUi xie; ££ »l-25. Special J 6.00 value. Fri- POpUiaT
ciai PYl- i r\ Friday o0 d"ay a* 5 •«
«^^1VC ??! y ;;;:"oC %?£ Jo.UD Prices
W $7.50 Misses' and Children's "Peter
Jg& Thompson" Coats, $5.75
E^5J\Tv (Second Floor)
iS 1 * i }f*Xj? ur a y surprise in our Cloak and Suit Depart-
j ['•>"! »*»J ment is ioo pretty Peter Thompson Coats. They are
j \j0m < made exactly as shown in the illustration; materials
fey _ ' are extra quality of cheviot, royal, navy and brown;
*"g they arc lined throughout with Italian cloth and have
Ej ~5§ emblems on the sleeves; these coats are -»,_,
y Y< considered great values at $7.50. Our Fri- SkW £j
*BT^5?I^ day Surprise price *• *
A Ladies' Fine Hand Bag Set of 3 Knives Complete
58c. 15c
(Main Floor) (Third Floor)
This Bag will >»« 1 *v This «rt ron- .
make a pleas- 4?^& . >^~~~~~~^—^ii$l*r
lnp holiday Cg sists of a s ""^^-^__ r 33tt>B^
grift for any £& \, i \.-~ _ j l-— ;<• ¦ /r Li~s^ > ~~~~
„__ T , ,_ <¦ pa Bl bread kniie { ***~-
one It is in cm »• iL"^ ¦
the very latest || | s vforth 25c, a *~" i->-*«aw
made P o e f black [I « ke knife worth X 5 C ' and P arin «
imitation wal- (^T^C^v^. 1^ knife worth ioc: they have black
rus leather. It f«^2*l i -^-* c^i^ 1 * t .1 « 11
has a coin f£szr£££x(**r%^ enameled handles and are well
fhJ 8 ?-JMf d -n5 rtPsSllPiip made; this is one of the best
Is a splendid 9* ¦ m "*ifT f ¦ offers we have been able to pre-
SS Sj^&Z&'SSl o/eS sent in our kitchen, utensil de-
will have an opportunity to in- partment. Don t miss it. Jfn-
spect our immense display r r\ day Surprise enly; the <* r
of Christmas leather >\\n whole set worth coc. X^C
roods. Friday Surprise e)OL wdole set ' wortn 5OC, |^
special tor
Grocery and Liquor LitilOCTCiph
Specials - . . • *
c0^?^$ , 8c Cushion Tops
btl - P ints (Main Aisle)
Butter — 600 I-lb. packages only;
choice creamery butter... 20C Beautiful and original designs of
Cushion Tops — heads, groups
Coff««— The Tower Brand; 29c and floraI effects; this is a
B ocT Hi'" Ey^cVyst^ilzed; for splendid holiday offering; every
counts and colds; a bottle <«Q C one of these cushion tops is
¦ • ¦ • - - „ worth 35c and 25c each. Thii
B^^vTr^f re^rfy W % 2 .1r r a Friday Surprise -,
iraUon. Special «2OO yOU Y , haVC ISk £~*
v^-vW your choice for... M.ll .
Old Oovenuneat Whisker — 7Qc •»ss»^
A bottle * v
-. , , Toflet ArtielM
CanQV (Main Floor)
r+ • • XlA 7 »U««ioaOllT«
Special 8 a j^^+^*. .^ R« e n*iTiT"
r*rr»sc /Bf Jt 9^l -. - powder, paste
20c a Ib. W MARXET^eJONESSTS %^«&
Thev are de- fl w TalonmPow-
llcious. P . H der— Can 80
APVERTISE3IEXTS.
V/nin
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of 6c4^^£^^
f AMUSE3IKNTS.
•MBBMHMMB^BBB^BBBBWBWBBSBSWeSJMiBB^niMaHHlBBliBWHMBMaWaBaMWiBBBBB^lBBBBlSBBBBSBSBSJ
OPER^iWSJ™
HDAUn Friday Eve., Nov. 25th
U II All U Sat. Mat., Nov. 26th
OPERA LUCIA
Han. rinalo I*r<uiclsc3 as Lucia
Great Cast— Chorus— Orchestra
I m f\f,MRSSZNCE.H. BOY
I II \ I NICHT SATURDAY.
LnU I NOVEMBER 26.
V ff lif /"* BECINS
tVlnjCw SUNDAY
****^^ # EVENINC.
DODO
SeaU Always Selling— Rggnlar Mat. Sat.
|-
I If ULUIVIJHI A wm thlwi
THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
NIOHTLT. EXCEPT 8TJNDAT.
MATINEE SATCRDAT3 OOTLT.
Seats for Second W M lc Now Ready.
diaries B. DUBaKhani Prescsts
MAXINE ELLIOTT
Za the Clyd* Fl;ci» Comeiiy,
HER OWN \AIJW
. ¦. German Performances— y«^ Bundaj^
"OROS3STADTLtJ3fT.**
Dfe» 4 — "Im Wtliwa RoessL" Sasta rt*dy.
I GRAND SSSIg
*Th«y lans/hsd and applanifad aad en-
cored ererytMns;."— Peter Robertson to
ChronJc!«.
THIS WEEK AND NEXT.
MATS. TO-M03B0W AJTD SUTTDA.T.
*V K
show" gibl
nUXT I TECE BOTAl
ATTKACTXO2T I COMXDIANS
I Williams & Walker «£&2z-
A STUPENi)OuS SHOW!
MR. AND MRSTSIDNEY DREW
W«bVb Seals; DeWltt. Burns aad Tot-
raaoe; Tyo» aad Jermoa. and Ozpnmm
Motion Plctixre*, Showing "Tao I.os5
Child."
Lftit Ttmtt of Mr. and Mrs. Hark Mnr-
phyi Canisls/s dots and Ponlea;
?nsusta Olote sod ta« Tljrea Xuson<
ler*.
Reralar lfat!nw« Er»ry We£nes<2ay. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 25c aad POc
/CALIFORNIA^
I ONLY []
THREE MORE TIMES 1
AXTJaUlk STTBTK. Ci
In tte K»w York Casino Musical Ccm- H
TflE RUNAWAYS j
Kext Sunday Night — Tae) OallfOrcla. B
farorltei, GALLAOHZR and BAR* H
RETT In •TIXNIOAN'S BALL." A K
glorious welcome for the first hotna- r
cornier at th« two popular Xatlv* Sons, p
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP. Lease* and Manager.
TO-NIGHT S£»S T0-NI6HT
OUrer Itorosoo Offers
Howard Oould — J. B. OUinour
Aad th« Majestic Theater Company In Rlenard
Hardlnjr Davis' Fascinating Comedy.
THE TAMING OF HELEN
fteappearanca of Adel* Block.
KATIJreil T0-M0SB0W.
HIXT— "rw MZZZOUSA."
TOXT LXJUELEH3 General Manager
IOVEK 7500 PEOPLE] OS I
THAyKSQIVIXQ DAY |
Wltneased Um Ten Greatest Acts In ta« World
FOS IO AND 2O Cl^N'l'^.
Strictly High Class VauderrUIa.
Too Wonder Why?
Beesase> Bvery Number la a Posit***
"HEADLCiER."
Ptrformanc* Every Afternooo'at 2^0,
Twice at Xlght— T:30 and 9>
fiatiodar and Sunday Matlnaaa Conttenew
From 2 to 5.
I Beimriiey and Sunday . Nlgats CauUuuaua
Tram 7 to 11.
CTHlffren to Asy Seat. 10s.
Be* "AN IMPOesiBLa. VOTAOEL" Kbe«
remarkable morlns picture «v»r eaath<t*d aay.
' who*.
A Splendid Show Every Afteraoon and
STeniuf ia tia Tieater.
DON'T 7AIb TO 8KB
TflE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THB BXI0NE*a SEXSATION OT CONET
ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIR.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
Electrlo Pountain Batrurday Xiffht.
ADMISSION lOo CHILDREN So
MISCELLANEOUS AMTJSI3IENTS.
SEATS NOW SELLING
AT SHERMAX. CLAT Jk CO.'S.
BI BBEET'S PUYERS
in TEe Star of Bethlehem
PROF. GATLET'S MIRACLE PLAT.
LYRIC HALL
All Xext Week— WMaesday. Friday. Sat-
arday Matinees. $1 60. $1. 7-c.
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Oakland.
" LAST' WEEK OF PENNANT RACE.
At Eighth and Harrison sts.
WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY and flATURDAT.
3d. n
THANKSOTVTNO DAY and Sunday. 3:90 n.m.
LADIES FREE ON FRIDAY.
Advance lale ofteaU at 3 Stocktoo sC
n r ABVKBTISEM£N'r&
Is the World
Growing Better ?
By Henry' van Dyke
¦ TherflTare few men who *would not ba
presuming in answering this question.
Heciry. van Dyke, preacher, educator,:
humanitarian, man of letters, treats this
question clearly, frankly, truly, in the
December number of Evertbodt'sMaoa-
DNE.
/ Aa b8dt^ r nxnnber8''of BrKrrBOD"rt
JftAOAznes^are out of print, the preriotw
chapters of Mr. Lawson's M Frenzied
Finance "—contained in the numbers from
July to Norember indusiTe— ere repub-
lished In a pamphlet, at 35 cents a copy.'
This pamphlet (eighty pagertwiU be sent
free to any new subscriber to Evertbodt*s
Maoaziks who requests it and who • sends
one dollar for a year's subscription begin-
ning with the December number. Address
tlie Ridffway-Tharer Company, Union
Square, New York (Sty.
¦ ¦
tiMerybodtfs
wfliaaazme
Cr
FOR DECEMBER. JUST OUT
On all news-stands
FrtijTiniTj*iiHTiui1iiii iiinfi 1 win ¦— sji ¦_
Write for tana*.,
Pleurisy
Pnenmonia
Consumption
Posftlvely cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
60c and $1.00 per bottle.- For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.»
28 California St, S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
Save Expense
and save a fit of sickness by having
Beecham's Pills In the house and
taking one when you first notice
anything going wrong. Yon will
feel well, look well and keep well
if yon will learn to use
Beecham's
Pills
Bold Everywhere. In boxes 10a and So.
PaiarA DOIV " T FAIL TO
1 COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu Parlor, the
f> j PALM ROOM. th«
tlfiUlQ LOUIS XV PAR-
D a j 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
TJT>TTOTJT7C; poh barbers, bak-
JDitUoilCiO •". 0^ .*•""
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cancers,
dyers, floor mills. Xoundrtes. UundrUs, paper-
hangers, printers, painter*. ihc« factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BXTCSAKAH 1BOSU
Brush Mannlaofrnjer*. 609 fln"Tnm«nto St.
W,y^
(1 - 6 PATENTSl
A ? B pt g #% Ammunition, Hontlns; aad
¦ ¦1 b^I^bJ" Sportin* Goods. lArsrest
1 SB B 1 ill «tock. Lowwt prices. Send
111 !«¦ Ts for catalccue.
U W I 9 SHREVE & BARBER CO,,
mm XZ9 Market st. and fiO
Kearny St.
AMUSEMENTS,
a X «^ A FT A T> BeUseo ft Mayer,
ALCAZAR
General Manaser.
'1T.T» WEEK.
HATS. BATOKDiAT AND SOWPAT.
RICH DC HUMOR AMD WCT.
THE VILLAGE \jnsr-
POSTMASTER p 1 "
Ideal HoUdmr Attraction for Old sad Toaarf
JMU of Fast { Charmln* Santlmestt
Tb« Threshing. MsnMne> Bsnsatlon.
Erg,. S8o to BOc AU Irlatiaeeev 29o to BO*.
Mondar, Not. 2S— Han Cain«*i blaster Wxrfc.
CENTRALS?
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone Santa 53A
MATTN'ES TO-210RR0W AND SUNDAT.
1>AST TWO NIQHTS.
A Sensational Crime Depicted In a Sensational
Manner.
QVEEN OF THE
WHITE SLAVES
A Story Torn From the Pas* of Polio* Anaals.
Prices — Ere., 10c to 00c. I Mats — . 10c, 15c, 23c
Next— THB LITTLE CHURCH AROUND
THE CORNER.
Bad! j^ : KacfoE!
California J^ Club
OAELAm) TBAOZ.
Commencing SATURDAY, November 1Z -
Racing every week day, rain or shtne.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. j
"For special trains stopping at the track take
B. P. P»rry, foot of Market street, at 12:0O.
12:50. 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning- trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:15 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last rac«.-3AlMR^BBB|
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
. TBBCT W. TREAT, Secretary,
AI>\ r ETKT T ' ;! ' KT * r^NTO. ¦
T$Mi$M&S0$^f Black or Oxford Cray
GREAT VALUE
The stores over in the extrava-
J^^^| : ' gant part of the tcnvn are making
' : |^^^S)j|SffiH|^5 tremendous claims for their over-
j^^^^^S^M coats, but • if wise you'll not part
wIth >' our dollars before visiting
7 best — values in town, and we
, fiii guarantee you a snug saving. To
prove it buy one of those $8.50
S^m^^ fiiiiL overcoats and compare it with the
kM§ >£0&*3&]. best you can find in any other
v$m -r-^asS . store at $12.50. If ours is not as
'¦£¦$ good in every way bring it back
FRANK BROS™^-
CORNER KE^IW;^^SACItr\MEOT
ADVERTXSEMENTa.
mi Hobday kJ
Gt>ods
Our well-eel ected stock
embraces the most de~
e '..-able articles, suitable
for Important presenta-
tions, or where & mere
remembrance is all that
Is required.
THB PRICES IN
ALL. CAEES WILL BE
vovn<j> to be just.
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and
*yj Silversmiths U-.
/ J 1O4-1 IO Geary Street. Vl
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
Z1S Koatromerr Street.
Capital paid op $ 600,000
Dirideods paid to depositors . 1,656,226
CHAg. CARPT. Prcsldest.
ARTHUR LEOALLET. VIe*.PresUraL
LEON BOCQUERAZ. 6ecrM*nr7^^
JCUS CINTT. Asst. BecretArr.
OZSECTOBSt
l«» BoccnersJt. J. M. IXipss. A. L*ebJU*
*• A. BerKerot. 3. S. OoAeao. J. J. Mack.
lrttre«t ptld oa deports. Losxs mad» oa
K— 1 Estsu aad approved secunues.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispeusary,
629 KEABJTT ST. £atsbQsh«l
In ISS4 for the tr«.tm»nt of I'rivatt
Dtsesses. Loot Mactiood. Deblil t y or
<liaras» w^arinroD body an<1 mind and
Skis Disease*. TbeDoetorcorMwlien
otlicrs fsiL Tit him. nhsrg-en low.
*'urr* fy»r»nl«<(. C«.llor writ*.
*>**• dm W. til BBOA . Baa Pr*oosc«, OkLSAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLAND— Thursday. Nov. 24. Weather, fine. . Track fast.
7401. KIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 4-j-ear-olds and upward; value to first. $25.
Indfexl Horse . and Owner. , WtjSt.%. V,. ¦'%'. Str. Fin! I Jockey. -Op. Cl.
U»tf7 iiad Sam, a (H. Green).... 108 1 •-.'.'; 11 12.12 In |Sherwood .. 7-5 11-5
(7412) Matt Hogan. a (Magrane) 10S 2 ... '2 2 2 6 2'6 2 4 XV. Davis... 3-0 1-2
743a Mir. Sherman, 6 (S. Hoppas).. 110/6 ... 5 5 4 23 15 3 3 ' Tullet . 15 30
7-42« [Albemarle, 4 (J. Quinlan). . . ..¦ 107 .'4 "'"...- 3 3 " 8 % 4 3 4 6 J.T. Sheehn 10 25
<M*J Reeves, 4 (Lamasney Bros.). .. Ill 3 ... i4 2 5 6 S3 ! 5 1 ; Watson .... 15 60
iUd ILady Kent, a (J. Ryan)..;... Ill 5 ... (5 6 (3 6 Holbroolc ... ' 8 30
TllI >e— :24, :43U.. 1 :13#.. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:1614. Sad -Sam, place. 3-5; show,
1-3. Matt Hogan, place, 1-7;' out show. ' Dr. Shfrman. ¦ show,' -1. ; Winner, ch. r. by
Rancocas-Hpeley. Trained by A. B. ' Pomeroy. . Scratched— Joe Frey, Clausus. Colonel
van. Start good. Won first two driving hard. Third easily. Matt Hogan bore «#it in
the stretch or he would have won. Sam was r^ady to accept any sort of a cotnpr<W«e\
Dr. Sherman was sore, but did well. Albermarle no account. Reeves won't do. Lady
K«nt was limber and agile as a crowbar.
74til5. SECOND RACE — One mile and 50 yards; sell.; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $.325.
Index | Horse and Owner. WtjSt.Jj. y,. %. Str. Fin. [Jockey. | Op. Cl.
(7428)|Bab. 6 (W. Cahill) 100 6 6 4 4 2 4 3 4 4 15 |W. Davis... 1 4^5
74 J* |J. V. Klrby, 5 (G. Strobel) 101 1 3 1 3 h 2 Vt 1 1 2 3 iKunz 6 10
7*54 iTannhaustr. 3 (Hayes & Co.). 91 3 2 111 1 *£ 2 Vi 3 3 !J. Hayes.... 3 5
(7:J07)lriloa, a (J. J. Eiierd) 101 5 1 h 2 .^ 'A 3 V& 4 1 - W. Knapp.. . 6 7
74.17 Waterspout. 3 (R. A. Smith). 92 4 4^53 5 2 52 53 Greenfield .. 10 15
7432 Gaucho. 3 (Garden City S.)... 100 2 5 % (5 1 6 3 0 4 6 1 T. Clark.... 20 40
74M Oscar To!!e. (5 (Klndr & B).. 100 8 7^73 73 73 74 Helgesen ... 10 0
7445 Vulcain, a (L. H. Kzell) flO 7 8 8 8 8 8 Barrett .... 20 30
7W4 Dungannon, 3 (Kblkmp Co.)... 97| • McBride ... 10 Yi
7449 M. Culver, a (Von Bokhelen).. 10l| * • Croyswalte . 10 15
Time — :24-%. :l9Vi, l:15«i. 1:41%. \:4A\l. At post V* minute. Off at 2:4014? Bab, ~place7T^2;
show, 1-4. Kirby. place, 4; show, 2. Tannhauser. . show. 4-5. Winner, b. m. by Belvi
dere-Penlnah. Trained by William Cahill. Scratched — Scherzo. Start bad. Won pull-
Ing up. S-cond and third handily. Playing Bab was Just like receivingr^cheerinK news
from the old home. Klrby showed improved form. Tannhauser tired and little Hayes
couldn't help him any. Ulloa may Improve. Waterspout leaked badly. Oscar Tolle gal
loped in behind. 'Left.
74(53. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; 2-year-oHs; value to first, $400.
Indexl Horse and Owner. '. Wt St. % . %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey] Op! Cl7
6622 The Mist (W. H. Hammond).. 112 3 ... 1 h 1 h 1(5 12 | Helgesen .. 1-2 .9-20
7438 Silverskln (Brinkworth Co.)... 10!» 6''... 4 1 4 5-45 2 n Anderson .. . 2' -9-2
7450 [Phalanx (Moormead Farm) 102 4 ... 2h 33 3 1 3 2 W-. Davis.. ' 5 A
ZtiS Sea Air (T. E. McLaughlin). . 104 1 ... 3 3 2 h .2 Va 4 4 . W. Knapp. C »
Alone (Summers & Co.)...... 98 6 ... 52515151 McLaughln 40 100
7457 Rossbourne (E. Wright) 101 2 ... 6 6 6 6 Kunz ..... 15 50
Time — :24Vi. :48W, 1:14^. At post 3% minutea. Off at 3:10%. The Mist, place, 1-5; show
out. Silverskin, place, 4-5; show,l-4. Phalanx, show. 1-3. 'Winner ch. J. by Magnet-
Tenebrae. Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched — Sea Voyage. Hooligan. Start good.
Won all out. Second and third driving.. The Mist hard ridden from the outset. She
bothered Silverskln opposite the paddock and narrowly escaped being disqualified. Pha
lanx ran a sweet race and also met with some jostling. 'Sea Air displayed a trace of old
form and should win soon. ; • • .j
74U4. FOURTH RACE— l^s miles; Thanksgiving handcp; 3-year-olds up; val. to first, $2170.
Index! Horee and Owner. WtjSt. V< . \i~. %. «tr. Fin. | Jockey. • Op. CK
7404 Claude, 4 (M. J. Daly) 12a 1 5 \t, 5 'A B 2 3 1 11 JDominickTT 13-5 JTi
(7440) Fossil. 4 (Parker & Thwaite). 114 4 4 h 3 h 4 Vd 4 V4 2 1 W. Knapp. 4 5
(7404) Gold Money, 4 (Jenmngs) 119 8* 7 1 413V25%31 W. Davis.. 6-5 8-5
7404 Ananias, 3 (J. F. Schorr) 100 2 3hl2 11 1^44 Reed 4 ll-*>
7440 [Bombardier, 3 (F. Skinner) 108 99 8 3 7 1 6 2 5 h H Michaels 8 113
7404 Leila. 3 (C. F. Clark) 100 7 0 i$ 2 % 2 % 2 h 6 3 Greenfield . 12 30
74."U Arcade.' 4 (W: B. Jennings).. 106 6 8h 7h Oh 7 1%T 3 J.T.Sheehan • •
7440 Barklyite 5 (W. P. Fine) 105 6 2 % 63 8 5 8 6 8 12 Anderson .. 15 25
7446 Col. Anderson. 5 (McLaughlin) 1 106 31h9 9.,99 . Jllelgesen .. 30 100
Time— :24',i, /:49Vi, 1:14%. 1:40%. 1:53%. At post 1% minutes. Oft at 3:43%. Claude,
place, 3-5; show, 1-3. Fossil, place, 3-2; show. 3-5. Gold Money,- show, 1-4. "Winner
" ' b. h. by Llssak-L!da H. Trained by M. J. Daly. Scratched— Elliott. Start good. Won
first four driving hard. Claude Is a good holiday horse and was clearly the best. He was
cut off in back stretch, but had some left at the close. Fossil ran his race. Gold Money
did his best. . Too far for Ananias. Bombardier wilted,, away. Leila had early speed to
burn, but lacked class. Bombardier, Ananias and Arcade, were bothered at start by win
ner. 'Coupled with Gold Money.
r~ r. — — ~
7405. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; purse; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. WtlSt. V4. V». "4. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op] CL
7451 III. L. Frank (D. Cameron)... 103 3 ... 13 12 1 1«l ns McLaughln ~~l 6;
7423 iMilltary Man <T. Ferguson).. 106 4 ... 3 % 3 2 3 1%2 ns W Davis.. 2 7-8
7440 Gateway (E. E. Burnett) KH5 7 ... 6 2 64 53 3 4 F ' Sullivan 5 7
7447 leapt. Forsee (New England S.) tmc, 5 ...21 21 2h42 !H<»litesen ' % V
7405 iRowena (Gaylord & Co.) 103 1 ... 5 3 4>% 4 I K 4 W Knapp ' 2 "3
72!)6 Instructor (Needmore Stable).. 112 2 ... 41 51 6 1 63 Sherwood 8 12
7301 Harka (J. Ryan) Ill 6 ... 7 2 7 % 7 3 7 1 Holbrook " 100 200
74m Darksome (J. Touhey) 103 9 ...** 9 0 8 6 "t Sheehn 50 50
6343 H. McGowan (H. E. Rowell) 109 8 ... 86 82 819.. Hoffman ... 20 50
Time — :24. :4S%. 1:10%. At post V* minute.- Off at 4:08>/». Frank place '"• show 1
Man. place, 3-5; show. 1-3. Gateway, show, 6-5. Winner, ch g. by Marin^V-Plumerift
Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched— Maxtress. Tho Lieutenant Standard Start ™™S'
Won first three driving hard. Military Man looked to have the -race wot Tat the paddock
when Mickey McLaushlln made a second successful grab for the bird Ynd left the feaWh"'
ers for Davis. Gateway closed very strong on the outside. Captain Forsee auft l£l
wena was " outfooted. Back to the Jungles -with Instructor. q ' K<> "
74OO. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-yr.-old8 and up; to first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. % . %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
7453 IE1 Piloto. 6 (H. W. Hoag).... 102 7 4 1 2 % 2 3 23 Hw rjaJiii Z'k e~m
(7415) Mountebank, a (Keating) 102 3 1 3 13 12 11 2 U v •¦qnnivfn 5 8 '5
7449 Meisterslnger. 5 (Wright) 103 1 2 % 4 1 6 h 5 I 3 ? Kmfr 1 , J
7454 Flyinc Torpedo, 0 (Ezell)..... 103 4 7 5 h 4 1 4 % 4 4 A^Uon" ' ' I 16 "2
7453 The Fretter. a (O'Rourke). ... 106 2 3 % 3 % 3 1 3153 JT T.I,'; £ ¦,-, 5
7452 Silurian. 0 (Lamasney Bros.). 95 6 6 h 7 6 5 6 6 6 «>0 wTv.nrT in U '*l
7449jPen*ance, 4 (H.- Stover) 103 5 5 1 6h 7 7 7 ° w K ne pP» • 30 16
Time— :24%. :49%. 1:15%. 1:41%. 1:48. At post 1% minutes. Off at ' 4-32 Piloto m.,." •
1-2; show. 1-4. Mountebank, place. 1; show." 1-2. ,t - n » / rV" 1 ''
br. g.. by Gano-Clodomlro. Trained by H. W. HoaT^ : Start ££d ; Won* "JLn, n ' nner j
and third- driving. , El; Piloto nicely rl«den and probably beat Ton T»lr£ "-H 7 ' , S ?° ond
. Kunz let Meisterslnger fall out of it on the back stretch^ orh'- JfS,f for Mountebank,
ous The Fretter gave it up. Silurian ran^>oorly # * laisbt have be * n danger-
CAUGHT STEALING GRAIN SACKS. — Jo
seph Gibson, a stableman at Leary Brothers'
stables. Sutter and Powell streets, was seen
by Policemen Lanckroan and Wratten early
yesterday morning throwing sacks out of ' a
side window. They watched him and saw him
carry the sacks to , a datk spot oa the Par
rott property. He was placed under ' arrest'
and booked at the. City Prison oa a ofearxa
Instead of being the wickedest dis
trict in England and Wales, London
stands -third on' the list, accordihs to
recently .announced, figures. "First
place, in. crime ; is; held' by Monmouth,
whileianother; Welsh county, Glamor
gan, is third. ,, \ The \ most r . virtuous
county, negatively speaking. Is alsV'a
Welsh county, Cornwall.^— Exchange.
London Not , Wickedest.
, LOS ANGELES, Nov. 24.— Chief of
Police Hodgkins of Oakland ; arrived
here., to-day to take P. David Kinlry,
burglar and alleged murderer, to .that
city. Kiniry. has nearly recovered
from/the gunshot wounds , received * at
the time of his arrest. Hodgkins will
spend .two - or .three day$ ¦gathering
evidence ., against \ Kiniry; before' taking
him north. SBH83&8B
.Professor Roentgen, who discovered
the marvelous rays which now bear
his name, has refused immense sums
of money offered . him by American
publishers for a book on. what he him
self modestly styled "a new kind of
ray." Though 60, he carries his years
gallantly anil looks more like a man
who has* led a . healthy outdoor,, life
than jane ..who" has spent the whole of
his-' manhood 'In investigating strange
physical problems. —^-Exchange-
A 'Great Investigator.
KINIRY WILL BE TAKEN
TO OAKLAND FOR TRIAL
and, ; as It should be," the top weights
finally fought it out.
. Bookmaker Joe Rose, one ofj the big
gest winners on the New. York" tracks,
viewed the sport yesterday. Joe will
rest up for a spell before; cutting in.
The weights as allotted by Handicap
per_Horace; Egbert made a spectacular
race \ of ''. .the handicap. At "different
stages the winner'was' difficult to pick,
If Helgesen isn't more careful about
taking up so. much;of; the stretch', he
will lose a race one of these fine days.
In his anxiety to-win he came .very,
very - close . to ', being '"disqualified with
The-Mlst.7 .
W. P. Woods with two horses from
Kansas City- reached Oakland,yester
day. ; - ...
Charley IMcCafferty, left Latonia. last
Saturday for Oakland with a big
string of horses.
Napa stock farm, came down to see
the handicap run. George says there
are, some superb . weanlings , by Soli
taire, at the big, Napa breeding estab
lishment. - ':':¦'. • ¦•
The entries for the week's stakes at
Ingleside Coursing Park follow:
Reserve stake. 48 entries— Old Ironside* vs.
Romping Girl: Sir Wlnton v». Prometheus-
The Earl vs. Frank C; . Bright Columbia vs.
Laboring Boy; Limerick Boy vs. Tamorah;
Our Motto vs. Real Duchess; Royal Friend tsc
Northern Alarm ; Remi*so Animo vs. Firm
Fellow; Annie Ryne -r». The Duke; Commer
cial Traveler vs. Shoorun; Fretter v». Silver
Cloud; Mark Twain vs. Little Freda: Peerless
Beauty vs. War Cry; Concord Boy vs. Daisy
Rocket; Hnmboldt va. Aggie W; Modest
Beauty vs. Polncetta: Lily York vs. Doc
Burns: Gallant Tlpperary vs. Courtly Guest:
Kid Claire vs. Smller; Loretta vs. Ragged
Actor; Queen'a Motto vs. Pasha Pleasant;
Medea vs. Oulda; Frank Dunn vs. Sacramento
Boy; Young Fearteis vs. Rolling Boer.
Champion stake. 8 entries — Belle Fre« vs.
Lost Chord; Choo Choo va>. Barge: Mount Roa«
vs. Gallant Glancer; Freeport vs. Clover Blos
som.
Ingleside Coursing Entries.
SAN DIEGO,' Nov. 24. — A. special
dispatch 4 from Washington . says "Rear
Admiral Goodrich's annual report ad
vocates San Diego harbor for the win
ter headquarters of the Pacific squad
ron, for boat work, torpedo exercises,
landing drills and small arm target
practice, and recommends that' De
cember, January and February of
each year ibe spent here. Santa Bar
bara^ Channel is recommended as an
ideal 'place for exercising a squadron
under way. r ,
for the Winter Headquarters of
the Pacific Squadron.
Rear Admiral Goodrich Advocates It
REPORTS FAVORABLY
ON SAX DIEGO HARBOR
Forest Fire vs. General Dewet: Golden Wand
vs. Medley; Qulta vs. Belfast; Royal Spirit vs.
Crawford Belle: Yellowstone vs. Frisky Boy;
Panoche vs. Orsina; Rocked Asleep vs. Rusty;
Gunfire vs. Jlgamaroo: The Referee vs. Van
dal; Glaucua vs. Muggsy; Dexter B *s. Wedge
wood.' Charter Member vs. Idaho Boy; Frisky
Barbara vs. Texas Mamie; Red Rock vs. Van.
Nora: Texas Jill vs. Klntla; Real Pasha vs.
Quicksand; Sylvester vs. -Little Dainty: Car
low Boy vs. The Delta; J EH vs. Coeette;
Golden Fortune vs. Aeolus; Ready Address vs.
Rocker Arm; Intruder . vs. Renegade Apache;
Slroc vs. Dorothy M; Rich Array vs. Fox
hunter; ¦ Gold Chain vs. : Chill Mara; -Vina vs.
Hudson; Runaway Actress vs. Ml Amigo;
Lampre Eel vs. Tralee Boy; Presto vs. Pasha
King: Una v«. In Time; Lltt|e Plunger vs.
Reckless' Acrobat; Lydla vs.- ¦ Snapper Gar
rison.
A reserve stake of sixty-four en
tries will be run on Sunday at Union
Coursing Park. The draw, held yes
terday, resulted as follows: . i
SIXTY-FOUR HOUNDS ENTERED.
A famine of hares at Ingleside
Coursing Park sent most of the lovers
of coursing to Union Park yesterday.
P. F. Callan's Rose of Gold won the
stake, . defeating Belle Marie In the
deciding course.
Seme short ends brought good , coin
to those who take chances. Piker in
the first round copped the mazuma
from Free From Flaw at 3 to 1, and
there were other surprises. Tralee
Boy was another deceiver which kick
ed in with some short end lucre. At
5 to 1 he ran away from Frisco Lad
in the fourth round. The day's results
in detail:
First round — Larapre Eel beat Tom Hurllck:
Frisco Lad beat Snapper Garrison; Sunny brook
beat \ Yellowstone; False Alarm beat Slroc:
Tricksey boat Idaho Boy; The Raider Beat
Gallet; Tralee Boy beat Emln Bey; Quickzand
beat Sherman; Vandal beat Ready Address;
Concord Tralee beat Ramona; The Delta beat
Texas Hoo Hoo: Red Rock beat Glaucus; Belie
Marie beat Dear Gaston; Foxhunter beat Texas
Ginger: Golden Garter beat Mabel S; Prompto
beat Shadow; Jigarnaroo beat Mush Ike; Sir
Listowel beat Texas Mignon; Dorothy M beat
Lulu Girl; Piker beat^ Free From Flaw; John
Heenan beat Cubanola; Mlmico, beat Texas
Betty; Presto beat Coaette; Rose of Gold beat
Craig Lass. . S
Second round — Frisco Lad beat Lampre Eel;
Sunnybrook beat False Alarm; The Raider beat
Tricksey; Tralee Boy beat Quicksand; Concord
Tralee beat Vandal: The Delta beat Red Rock;
Belle Marie beat Foxhunter; Jlgamaroo beat
Golden Garter; Prompto a bye, Si r Listowel
withdrawn: Dorothy M beat Piker; John Hee
nan a bye. Mimlco withdrawn; Rose of Gold
beat Presto.
Third round — Frisco Lad a bye. Sunnybrook
withdrawn; Tralee Boy beat The Raider; Con
cord Tralee beat The Delta: Belle Marie beat
Prompto; Dorothy M beat Jigamaroo; Rose of
Gold beat John Heenan.
Fourth round— Tralee Boy beat Frisco Lad;
Belle Marie beat Concord Tralee; Rose of Gold
beat Dorothy M. .
Fiftl# round — Belle Marie beat Tralee Boy
Rose of Gold a bye.'
• Deciding course — Rose of Gold beat Bell*
Marie. 14-10. . <. . ¦ :
Runs Belle Marie to
a Standstill in the
Last Round.
ROSE OF GOLD HAS
LOTS OF SPEED
Seamen's Institute— Cape, Peters. Rog
ers, Dye, Keiffer, Thompson, Love, Wil
son, Elmslie, Innes and Aberscombie.
At Alameda the Vampires defeated a
team representing the Seamen's Insti
tute of San Francisco six goals to one.
Lees obtained two goals, Ramsden two,
Lecoutieur and Wilding one each. Ar
thur Robinson acted as referee. The
teams were made up of the following
players: N
Vampiresh-Rolfe. Glarner, Petersen,
Harwood (captain), Turner, Jaques, V.
Holland, E. Lecoutleur, Lees, Damsden
and Wilding.
Albion Rovers. Positions. — Pirate*.
Rushton Goalkeeper McMath
Gillchrest. .... ... ..Right Back Thompson
Bayne.... ......Left Back.. Joseph Orchison
Drummond Right Halfback Moles
Orton .•• ..Center Halfback Moir
Bain. Left Halfback Laing
Shand Outside Right ". . Symona
McArthur Inside Right. .'. Milne
Smith. Center Forward Gilbert
Wnyte..:... Inside Left. .James Orchison
Martin Outside Left McMastcr
At 3:15 o'clock the ball was kicked
off for the game" between the Albion
Rovers and the Pirates. The former
proved too strong for the Pirates.
Shand played an excellent gameT'cen
tering the ball well. The Rovers ob
tained a goal in the first seven min
utes, and in the second period added
two more, the score being: Rovers 3,
Pirates 0. J. Frew was referee. The
teams lined up in the following order:
Two matches of association football
were played- yesterday at Freeman's
Park, Golden Gate, and one on the
cricket ground at Alameda. At Free
man's Park the Independents beat the
Eagles four goals to none in a game
consisting of two half-hour periods,
with McKenzie, captain of the Oakland
Hornets, as referee. The Independents
availed themselves of the opportunity
of trying out some new members, as
the result of the match does not affect
the standing in the league series. The
Eagles are new to the game, but
showed they are grasping some of its
principles. Gillchrest played in both
games as center forward for the Eagles
and in the back line for the Albion
Rovers. The teams lined up in the fol
lowing positions:
Independents. Positions. Eagles.
Antrobus. i Goalkeeper. : Jennlng9
J. R. Soute'r Right Back Bennett
C. Jones Left Back Scholte
Armstrong Right Halfback Cole
Lioyd Center Halfback Walkup
Duncan Left Halfback.. Bordwell
W. Souter ...Outside Right Leo
Nolan Inside Right McKay
Kllis Center Forward... Gillchrest
Duncanson ..Inside Left Harrower
O'Brien Outside Left. ..Dirks (capt.)
CLAUDE AND JOCKEY DOMINICK. THE HEROES OF THE THANKSGIVING
HANDICAP AT OAKLAND, THE SENSATIONAL FINISH OF THE RACE
AND SOME OF THE FORM STUDENTS FIGURING OUT WINNERS.
Exhibition doubles— J. D. MacGavin and
Percy Murdock beat Sam and- Stunner Hardy.
6-1, C-3, 6-S.
Handicap mixed doubles, preliminary round — ¦
C. Dunlap and Mi«s E. RatoSlffe (owe 15 3-6>
beat Will Allen and Miss H. Hotchkiss (owa
30). 6-1 5-7 6-3: N. Baker and Miss Worcester
(scratch) beat A. Brabant and MIsa Weed
(scratch), 6-4. 6-3; R. C. Noble and Mljs M.
Ratcliffe (owe 15 3-6) beat J. Lewis and Miss
M Travener (3-«). 6-1. 6-1. First round— C.
Foley and Miss A. Vodden (owe 3-6) beat W.
Sea and Miss Alma Sea. (15 3-6). 6-0, 9-6; G.
Hall and Miss Mearns (3-6) beat C. Griffin ani
Miss Valleau (owe 3-6). 6-4. 6-4; O. Lytton
and Miss Toung (15) beat H. Hurd and Mrs.
Landsbrger (3-6). 6-3, 6-3; Dunlap and Miss
Ratcliffe (owe 15 3-6) beat Baker and Miss
Worcester (scratch). 6-2. 6-2; Noble and Miss
Ratcliffe (owe 15 3-6) beat R. Drolla and Mls«
Wesener (scratch). 7-5. 6-2; Major Van Vliet
and Mis* Van Vliet (scratch) beat F. Guerin
and Miss Cully (15), «-4, 6-1; G. Baker and
Misn Crocker (owe 3-6> beat H. Cowles ani
Mrs. Neimeyer by default: C. Gayness anj
Miss Goldie Meyer (3-6) beat R. E. Parr and
Miss Hess (3-6). 4-8. 8-3. 6-4; Foley and Mlsa
Vodden (owe 3-6) beat Hall and Mearns (3-6)
10-8 9-7; Dunlap and Ratcliffe (owe 15 3-«>
beat Lytton and Miss . Toung (13). 6-3" «-•»•
Baker and Miss Crocker (owe 3-6) beat Gueri'i
and Miss Meye r (3-6). 5-7. 6-2. 6-4. uucrl1
Two tournaments and an exhibition
doubles match yesterday kept both
tennis players and spectators busily
occupied. On the California Club
courts a handicap singles tournament
for men was commenced. A handicap
mixed doubles tourney was finished
down to the semi-finals at the park. A
special doubles match between the
Hardy brothers and Drummond Mac-
Gavin and Percy Murdock was also
played.
Of the thirty-six players entered in
the California Club tournament but
nine were left in the competition when
darkness put a stop to play. The suc
cessful players, with their handicaps,
were Al Kenyon (15>,^W. G. Knowlton
(15 3-6), M. Little (30 3-6), Harry Rolfe
(owe 15), Sherwood Adams (owe 15),
M. Long (scratch), George Janes (owe
15), George Cutter (15 3-6) and Will
Collier (owe 15). .
The exhibition doubles match was the
drawing card at the park and the larg
est crowd of the season turned out to.
witness it. By beating the Jlardys
rather easily MacGavin and Murdock
showed they did not play up to form
at San Rafael in September. The
Hardys are probably the strongest
team on the coast. It is only fair to
them to state that they were not at
their best yesterday. On the other
hand, Murdock and MacGavin put up
a remarkably good game. They robbed
the contest of considerable interest by
winning the first two sets easily. The
third set was won by the Hardy broth
ers after fourteen games had been
played. The score in favor of Murdock
and MacGavin was 6-1, 6-3, 6-8.
In the mixed doubles tournament five
teams are left. Miss Vodden and
Charles Foley (owe 3-6). Miss Ethel
Ratcliffe and Charles Dunlap (owe
15 3-6) and Miss Vera Crocker and
George Baker (owe 3-6) reached "the
semi-finals. The scores follow:
Handicap singles, preliminary round — S. H.
Adams (owe 13) beat D. V. Moors (scratch),
6-4, 6-3; S. Hopkins (15 3-6) beat H. Goold
(30) 6-0 6-1; G. P. Fuller (15) beat B. Ivan
covi'ch (13 3-6), 6 7 2 6-U; M. Long (scratch>
beat \V. S. MacGavin (scratch). 6-4. 6-3. First
round — A. Kenyon (15) beat B. Wallace <3o).
8-3. 3-6 7-5: G. Busch (owe 15) beat M. War
ner (15 3-6) by default; W. Knowlton (15 3-«)
beat Dr. Younger (scratch) by default; C. G.
Kuehiv (15) beat Spencer Grant (15), 6-4. 5-7.
6-2; M. Little (30 3-6): beat R. B. Cornell (ow*
15) by default; W. Johnson (30 3-6) beat W.
Shaughnessy (15 3-6) by default; H. Rolf« fows
15) beat Dr. Noble (15-36). 6-4. 6-2; S." Adams
(owe 13) beat Hopkins (15 3-6). «-4. 6-4; M.
Long (scratch) beat Fuller «15), tt-3. «-3:.Dr.
Lovegrove (15) beat J. D. MacGavin (otre 30).
6-4. 5-7 (withdrew); H. Long (owe 15) beat
Dr. McChesney (owe 15 3-C) by default; Gecrga
Janes (owe 15) beat Paul Jones (ow« 15), >; t),
3-6. 6-1; G. Cutter (15 ;»-6) beat H. E. Pun
nett (15). 6-3. 6-0; M. Koehler (30 3-6) beat
H. Schmidt (owe 15) by default; W. B. Col
lier (owe 15) beat A. Black (15 I-©. 1 6-4. 1-6.
6-1; B. Nourse (owe 15) beat A. Bayfusa
(scratch) 6-1. 5-7. 6-2. Second round — Kenyoa
beat Busch. 6-3. 3-6. 7-5: Knowittin beat
Kuehn 6-4, 5-7. 6-4; Little beat Johnson. 6-3.
6-1; M. Long beat Dr. LovegTove. 7-3. 6-0;
Janes beat H. Long, 10-9, 2-6. 6-4: Cutter b?at
Koehler 6-0 6-0; Collier beat Nourse, 5-7,
6-3 6-0.
Lose Doubles Match
to Murdock and
MacGavin.
HARDYS BEATEN
ON THE COURTS
TRACK NOTES.
\V. Davis rode two winners.
"Smiling Mickey" McLaughlin re
ceived many compliments for his ride
on H. L. Frank.
Sals was not permitted to start at
Los Angeles yesterday, as the colt is
on the disqualified list of the Western
Jockey Club.
Dick . Havey started the ponies at
San Mateo. His position In the timers*
stand was temporarily ''filled by; the
affable James Grant of To Tambien
Xame.'jSgB
As the horses were going to the
post Mike. Daly pronounced Claude as
good as at any stage of his racing ca
reer.
Georee Berry, superintendent of
The flying gelding maintained his ad
vantage until well into the stretch,
where Davis overtook him with the fa
vorite, and Gateway, on the outside,
loomed up as a dangerous factor. Less
than a hundred yards from the wire.
Military Man, slightly in front, seemed
the winner. Then all. three horses
named flashed by the judges' -stand,
and H. L. Frank, which had undoubt
edly answered a last request from his
rider, was awarded the verdict. The
officials could have awarded it to any
one of the. trio and there would have
been no protest.
W. Davis landed the concluding num
ber, a Belling event over one and a six
teenth miles, with El Piloto. An 8 to 5
choice throughout the betting, the
brown gelding experienced no difficulty
in disposing of Mountebank and Meis
tereinger.
By far the most exciting finish of the
afternoon occurred at the conclusion of
the Futurity course sprint, when H. L.
Frank, Military Man and Gateway
crossed the line noses apart amid
frantic cheering from their different
supporters. Military Man from Garnet
Ferguson's stable had the call, as it
was reckoned that he had a slight edge,
when it came to class. "Smiling
Mickey" McLaughlin on the ghostlike
H. L. Frank skimmed away in the lead
when the barrier was released.
ite a neck. Dr. Sherman finished a fair
third.
Billy Cahill's Bab enjoyed a pleasant
outing in the mile aria* fifty yard sell
ing affair. The Belvedere mare ruled
an odds-on favorite around post time
and was returned the easiest sort of a
winner. Davis . waited with her until
reaching the stretch, and then in turn
passing Tannhauser and J. V. Kirby,
passed the judges five lengths before
the last mentioned starter.
For a time it looked as if The Mist,
which defeated his field in the handi
cap at six furlongs for two-year-olds,
might be disqualified. The filly from
the Hammond stable carried 112 pounds,
and never better than 1 to 2 was obtain
able about her. Piloted by Helgesen
she failed to show any dazzling amount
of speed, even though cutting out all
the pace. About opposite the trainers'
stand the favorite under hard urging
swerved in toward the rail, forcing An
derson, astride the second choice Sil
ver-skin, to take up a biL At the
wire it was not close, and the judges re
fused to allow Anderson's claim of foul.
The shifty maiden, Phalanx, secured
chow honors from Sea Air.
SEXSATIOXAL. FINISH.
The entries for to-day's races at
Oakland track include Vesuvian,
which, will make his second start of
the meeting. The complete entry fol
lows:
First race — Six furlong?, three-year-olda and
up, celling.
742W Light Braid (Nevins) ....:..' .107
5SS1 Troy (Gilbert) 104
7455 Dandle B«lle (Winter & Co.) '....104
Majesta (Cosson) K'*
7373 Lecturer (Wood) 11*'
4768 •Yo-No_Se (Shane) 99
T.117 Maxtress (Clifford) ICO
7450 'Nullah (McKenzie) 10;!
7*26 Skip Me (Madiaon) 107
7437 Vaughan (Hertzell) 103
7461 Dr. Sherman (Hopper) 107
7420 Bill Young (Maple) 107
Second race — Futurity course, two-year-olds'.
purse. V.
7457 Corn Blossom fRowell) 103
aSWCioMiper (Merckle) 107
6724 Cardinal £arto (Summers) 1C3
7450 Callaghan (N»alon) 103
Platt (Steven?) 110
:.«H Storrra (Jackson) .y 100
7427 Mogregor (Blanch! & Co. ). KM
Ferryman (Boots) 103
Prickles (Maglll) 100
C545 B<*« Ely (lilaringame) 1C0
Invader Ulenshdll) 110
7450 l.lllitus (Hackett) 103
Third race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. selling.
743» Joe Frey (Schorr) '.110
TrapscUer (Hiell) 1«<
7443 Bell .ne*»d (FiUgerald) 107
54S7 Presidio iZulinsky) 1C0
(74JV)'Aunt Polly (Judge) ..11)0
7407 Btrendos (Green) 107
7451 'Ponapa (Smith) ....' 8S
7421 'Mirr.o (Sheridan) 102
745» *l>oublet (Fountain) 102
(7443)Mocorito (Wellman) 110
7451 'Bay Wonder (Wilkerson) 'JO
Fourth race, one mile and 50 yards, three
year-olds and up, selling.
74SS *HPTmencia (Cahill) 96
74<>4 "Laoeoon (Cortey) 10-t
7451 Flaunt (Ryan) 101
74.VS Achilles (McCabe) . .\ M4
7437 'Polonius (Stewart) 99
7458 Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 96
74CO Play Ball (Daly) 104
745S Morengo (Maryland Stable) 101
7435 'Petrolia (Belknap) 96
74.T; 'Rone (Lamasney) WJ
74t>;» Instrument (Baird) 08
7400 San Lullon ( Wads worth) 101
745i Volto (Schorr) 104
7455 'Ethel G (Belmcnt) 91
Fifth race. s5x and a half furlongs, three
yecr-olds and up, handicap.
7447 Vesuvian (Jennings) Ill
744't Last Knight (Lamasney) 98
7434 Albula (Lamasney) 100
(741C) Venator (Rowell) 105
7447 Yellow Tail (Hackett) 107
7434 Kenllworth (Stcver) 105
7447 Royal Rogue (Xealon) lv*i
Sixth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
felling. i
745.1 Sol Lichtensteln (Madison) 10»
«745-()*Rom«ine I Seharetg) 108
7*59 Sugden (Cleel) '...10J
(727«J)*ITofltable (Winters) 9S
745S 'Heather Honey (Austin) 100
7454 Telephone (Smith) 10O
7442 Fllle d'Or (Appleton) 107
•Apprentice allowance.
In desperation, the crowd fell to Sad
Sam. finally forcing the ring to ' cut
from 2ft to 11 lo 5. Sam was not so ill
as he might have been, for Sherwood
kept him In front from the jump, arid in
a hard drive beat Davis on the favor-
Game little Fossil had a host of
friends and with "Big Bill" Knapp at
the tiller his chances looked bright.
Ananias, Bombardier and Barklyite
were also well supported. After the
usual parade there was only a minute
and a half delay at the post when
Dick Dwyer sprung the barrier.
Claude swerved at the start, Interfer
ing somewhat with Ananias, Bombar
dier and Arcade. The stay of Colonel
Anderson in front was not lengthy,
and then Reed, astride Ananias,
picked up the running, trailed by
Leila, Fossil and Gold Money. In this
order, ivith the rest well bunche^ be
hind them, the bend for home was
rounded. Dominick now made his
run with Claude and a furlong away
from the stand the Daly horse was
in front, with the others all driving.
Fossil alone was the dangerous one
and he could get but within a length
of th<? favorite, which won cleverly in
1:5394. A length behind Fossil, Gold
Money held Ananias safe for the small
eno> of the purse.
When Dominick, on the winner, re
turned to the winner's circle he re
ceived a perfect ovation. Fossil, too,
w-as not forgotten for his splendid
showing.
As it was reported in inner circles
that Sad Sam had only recently recov
ered from an attack of whooping cough
or some other Infantile ailment, the
books made a mark of the willowy half
breed. They made a target of him and
held Matt Hogan at such a short price
that the public vras forced to let the
latter alone.
• SAD SAM IS BACKED.
FOSSIL HAS FRIENDS.
There was a surging, seething mass
of people in the ring, and in the scram
ble to get money in action etiquette was
tossed to the winds. Seventeen ordinary
and three field books were inadequate
to handle the coin. Although four fa
vorites came through, the major por
tion of the layers won.
The handicap was fourth on the pro
gramme, with nine acceptances. Know
ing the fondness of the public for the
Jennings colors. Gold Money, carrying
119, and Arcade, with 106 pounds up,
coupled, had first call in the opening
betting. Shouldering top weight after
the declination of Dainty to appear,
Claude attracted the most attention; in
fact, he was finally made the medium
of a plunge, closing favorite over the
Jennings pair.
The racing was superb. As a season
ing sauce for the plum pudding that
went with the turkey, the innumerable
Derby winner Claude, the favorite, cap
tured the rich Thanksgiving handicap,
at on? and an eighth miles, worth $2170
to the winner. He was faultlessly rid
den by Eddie Dominick, one of the most
popular boys that ever donned the silk
in this part of the world. Everybody
seemed happy over the victory of Mike
Daly's horse.
RACING IS SUPERB
But the vast concourse of holiday
pleasure seekers which kept the turn
stiles at Oakland track clicking yester
day like the monotonous buzzing of
the roulette wheels at Monte Carlo, sur
passed 8 11 previous gatherings of re
cpnt years, a conservative estimate
placing the number of persons present
at nearly 12,000. It was most assured
ly a tribute of confidence to the new
California Jockey Club for its efforts to
conduct the sport in an irreproachable
manner. The women were gowned ac
cording to fashion's latest edicts and
the men were well groomed and
dressed, resembling December fashion
plates. Even the cosy little clubhouse
was packed, its verandas being so
Jammed with society's elect that only
the old English brick chimney was
discernible from the paddock.
Unquestionably during: the gala times
of the old Ocean Side track when the
town was smaller and the pancake hat
and puffed hair were the correct thing,
some mighty big crowds found their
way to the old course. Then a single
four-mile race wm gTeeted with as
much acclaim by the simple argonauts
as iE a Thanksgiving day dinner with
a small bottle of the vintage on the
Fide, by a hungry tramp.
BY FRED E MULJIOL.I/AXD.
SECOND START
OF VESUVIAN
Military Man Loses
to H. L. Frank
by a Nose.
GOLDMONEYTHIRD
BY FRED E. V 3IULHOLLAND.
First race — Nullah, Max t rcss. . Troy. .-
Second race-^— Invader, Corn Blossohi, Rose Eley.
Third race— Aunt Polly, Ponapa, Doublet.
Fourth racCT— Major. Teiiny, I^aocoon, Flaunt. ... ,
Fifth race— Vesuvlan, Royal Rogue, -Albu la-
Sixth . race—^-Roiiialne, Heather. Honey, Telephone.
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS
Fossil, With Knapp
Up, Finishes in
the Place.
Dominick Pilots the Winner
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1904.
CLAUDE WINS STAKE RACE IN MILD DRIVE
Albion Rovers arid
Independents Do
Good Work, r
FOOTBALL
MEN PLAY
TWO GAMES
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H. 1, FRANK, 6 to I §
OUR GUARANTEED SPECIAL |
To-day will be as rood. If sot better. B
as our trackmen sent It In aa a sleeper t|
that has been bottled cp for the moct
eensational killing of the meeting.
DONT SHOOT AT THE MOON
But call at oar office. O'Farrell «L.
and get this rood thing to-day before
going to the track.
WE REfU.MD THE MONEY
If our ru*rante?d •pedal fails to win.
Are you satisfied to win on* rood bet
a dayT One rood bet is better than a
dozen chances.' Remember, we ruar'-
ante« this bora* to win or we- refusd
the money.
For out-of-town client* w« wire at
11 a. m.
We issue a beet-bet card. Terms.
II per dajr. $5 a week.
P. J. HOCAJNI & COT,
i TUBF INFORMATION.
\ 20 OTARRELL STREET.
Cnrtas W<5g.. room • J, first floor,
. New York.. Chicago. .' San Franciaco.,:Steeplechase . for .; Imperialist.
.. BENXINGSr D. C.. Nov. 21.— Results of the
races: ¦ -, .'¦¦--. :-'•'¦:' ;¦ '«'¦-'; ¦.-.. . •'¦¦¦.¦ ¦'•¦-.;•¦
: First ¦• race. '< five :. furlongs— Golden *, Sunrtea
There is no organized community of
Jews anywhere in Japan • excepting at
Nagasaki.' The synagogue there .was
built by a Japanese .woman who had
married a Jew. When he died" she built
the synagogue in his memory, v
Scottish Bowlers In Competition.
An unusually large number of spec
tators witnessed some gdod bowling
yesterday on the Golden Gate Park
green. Two tournament matches were
played. In the first round J. MclJach
lan and J. Webster beat T.jMcXaught
and Joseph Gray by the close score of
21-10. J. C. Moffatt and T. Millar'beat
j, Webster " and ~ J. McLachlan in \ ihJ>
Sixth rac«, seven and a half furlongs —^Anna
Fltxhu«ch won. -Lady Charlotte second. Car
dinal third. : Time. 1:36. •
Fourth race, ' five and a half f urlonijs, ¦ Press
handicap— Ivan -the Terrible won.- Ozelia sec
ond. Zanda, third. Time, lrOStj.
Fifth race, one and a quarter, miles— Scbrtic
won, Drummond lecond, : Prism third." Time,
2:10.- './¦:'-"' ¦' ¦
NASHVILLE. Term.. Nov. 24.— Cumberland
Park racing- results:
First rac*, saven furlongs — Outwal won.
Columbia Girl second. Tattenham third. Time,
1:20.
Second race, five furlongs — Savior Falre won,
Arscosy second. Besterilny third. Time, 1:02^.
Third race, steeplechase, ehort course — Car
digan won. Sprtn* Water second. Rns«ell Saye
third. TiTae,S :05V,.' -^HPSmjfKi
Xashvllle Racing Results.
Cakewalk <£. J- Coleinaa), Cslz*. Tfcsa*. 23
sacendau
Three— eighths mi!* — Won by Frank Sklrx
jjer-s Lady Gay <Y. Skinner): Rudctpb SprecJff
els' Bnwn Pegxy iC. Dunphy). second": Rudolph
Sprecltsla' Cheerful (R. II. Tobin). third. T!ni<\
seconds.
Onr-talf mii« — Won ty Rudolph Sprfck«U*
Althonser «.C. Dunphy>. which wa* disqualUJ**!
because of an al>?ed foul and C W. OarlcU
Baa Btancs lR-' it- Tobin> was placed flrtt.
Rndclpfc Sprecfceta". Honoma. fF*. Skinner)." Glint.
Tfcne. 53 seconds. _ .
Quarter raile — TCca br Ru<Jol^i Sprockets*
B»ciy IF. SKnner): W. E. Pedlij*! Q-j«n
Rucke- (F. D. Hudson), second; W. S. Hobarfs
Silver Dick (I* McCreery). tMrd. Tbae. 23
•r>.-v»?-stxteenths mile — Won by Rudolph
« D r-ckcU" MJtud H (C. Danphy); Rudolph
5jii«Lfcitf Pat <F. SUnner). •econd. and W. a.
Hobarfs Fanny Anderson <L*. McCreery). third-
Time l'" l » seconds. >s«
Three-quarter mile— Won by C W. CUrk's
Baa B'anc* <C. Dunphy): Rudolph SpnckeU 1
Cicasaute «F. D. Hudson), second: Rudolph
SrpK-hela* Lotrix (F.'Sktaaer), tab*. . Tixa*.
*«te.v:-*r" • -• - ¦¦¦-:¦ '-^
The result of a freak of a storm
recently is seen upon many of the cars
of the :United Electric Railways. The
sides of these ¦ cars are streaked in a
way which suggests that salt water
had been sprinkled upqn them, but the
white spots cannot be removed, no mat
ter how hard they are rubbed, -_or. what
sort of solvents are used. The red paint
has * assumed a pale, pinkish hue in
some instances. The cars have not
been affected very, much, however. No
satisfactory explanation has been
found of this phenomenon. A chemist
said yesterday that when water runs
over varnish for a considerable time
arid with force the varnish is blistered
and loses the vigor of '¦¦ Its coloring.
Another : suggested that, gases in the
air were forced down by the heavy fall
of : water and chemically affected the
paint" arid. varnish on cars and doors.—
-Baltimore Suri. .
Freak of a. storm.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 24. Los An
geles and Seattle played a double
header to-day, the first resulting In a
tie at the end of the ninth inning and
.-cattle taking the latter by th« de
<-i£ive score of 13 to 2. In the second
game Seattle fell upon Newton in the
fcrsl two innings for six hits and a
total of seven runs and he was re
placed by Hall. Hall, however, was un
atile to stop the bombardment and
Seattle continued to score throughout
the game. The scores follow:
MORNING GAME.
Lo« Arsele*— j Seattle—
AB. R. H.P.A.f AB P IT P a
Brsahr.lbS V it 12 U VtHtart 4 ' » X" n !
Floodjib.. 4 O 2 3 5 Mohler.zb 4 0 O It •> '
J.Hmth.Sb3 ft (I 1 lCS-nnh.rt 4 1 i 5 7.
Cmih.rf J 1 1 2 .OFrtsk.lf.. 3 « 1 1 o
diaae.ci.. 4 Oil 0 Leaty.c. 4 O 1 3 ?!
Ro-».lf... 3 « 0 2 ¦ O Dlhnty,3b 4 O 0 4 1
Tcina.n.«. 4 0 0 12 Frm*n,lb 3 0 1 e t
Ppies.c...3 0 14 lR.Hal!.f. 8 0 1 2 3
Gray.p... 4. 0 1 0 2Hcgj,p.. 3 0 0 0 3
E*rer,cf. 0 0 0 1 0 Z
Tetils.32 1 5 27 11
Total*.22 1 « 27 .11 "
HUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
1. - Ass'Im •• 1 O •> 0 O O 0 0 1
Base r.it* 0 1 1 1 o 0 0 1 2—6
Seattle OO ft O 0 0 0 0 1 1
Bt«* bit* ... 0 t; 1 1 i y 0 0 2—3
SUMMARY.
Etclea bate— Crmrath. Error*— Flood, J.
Choicer and choicer are the stories
from Port Arthur. Only last week a
Russian officer. Lieutenant Prince
Radziwill, was telling us harrowing
tales of the manner in which Russians
and Japanese alike attack flags of
truce, and of a Japanese detachment
of 600 men which attempted to sur
render to^the Russians and hoisted a
white flag, only to be fired upon from
the Russians in front arid by the Jap
anese in the rear, the latter being dis
gusted at the idea of permitting a Jap
anese to surrender. The Russian
Prince 3ays that these luckless wights
lay dying between the Russian and
Japanese lines for several days. Occa
sionally one 'would rise up on* his el
bow, and then, "ping!" he would be
bowled over by a Russian or Japanese
bullet. That. story, sir, may properly
be called a jlm dandy 5 , a wonder, "a
corker and a crackajack. — Syracuse
Post Standard.
Choice Lies From the Front.
Salo Cohn, known throughout Aus
tria for his beneficence in feeding the
homeless poor through the. medium of
the people's kitchens in Vienna, is now
visiting this country. Mr. Cohn, one of
the most prominent of Austrian finan
ciers, retired to devote himself to char
itable and sociological enterprises and
became interested in the first people's
kitchen in Vienna. I( is owing to his
zeal no less than his liberal contribu
tions that the enterprise has been such
a remarkable success. Mr. Cohn is one
of the most remarkable types of Aus
trian self-made men. At the time of
his retirement from business a dozen
years ago - he was one of the mo3t
trusted and influential members of the
Vienna Stock Exchangej— Exchange.
A Real Philanthropist.
The model yachtsmen were again
doomed to disappointment yesterday
at Spreckels Lake. It was their quar
terly regatta day and all of the promi
nent boatowners were, present with
their models. The event scheduled
was for first class sloops, but had to be
postponed on account of lack of wind.
This is the fifth time of late the sail
ors of the small craft have been un
able to hold their races on account of
calm weather. ¦ i r0>$$&4
No Breeze for Model Yachts.
glWASHES FALLr OX XEWTOW
Although the Commuters outhit the
Seals nearly two to one In the morn
ir? game, it was no use. They were
all swinging their heads off at
Whaleri's twisters and no one was
landing. The .Seals got one to start
¦u-ith in the first ir.ning. The scored
the winning tally with two out in the
last. The score;
Oakland — ! Pan Ftanciico —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. PA.
Frnck»,s» 3 Oil 2 VBrn.lb. 4 0 013 1
Duslvy.lf 4 0 » I 0 Hnbrd.ir 4 113 0
Sctvfiy 2b 4 O 1 O 2jMet.-iy.rf 2 0 110
Krugr rf 4 0 14 Ijlr«l3^ib 4 12 2 4
Str*ib.»b 4 <J <» 10 l]W'ldr».cf 3 O 1 0 O
Dttn :» 3 O 2 1 1 ; And«a.Cb 3 0 0 5 8
Rirtc. 4'016 0;Gchr.r.E» 3 A © 1 3
linhnp 4 1 2 O 3 ( nileca,c 4 0 0 2 O
Bctmt,rf 3 0 13 0|WbaIes,p 3 0 0 0 3
T-ta.:s.n3 1 9*2*! 1<>' Tota.lJ.D0 2 5 27 17
•Tsro !pen oct when winning run was scored.
RCN£ AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland , 0 0 0 0 0 O 1 0 0—1
E*»» Uta ......0 2 1 1«1 1 1 2—9
£a.n Frar.ci-co 1 0000000 1—2
P.*s* hit* 3.O i 0 0 0 0 0 1—5
SUMMARY.
Stoics ba&cs — Ecaafley 2. Fraackj. Diin-
J«avy. Devereaax. Krrora — Stark, l>everea.ux 2,
Frarcka. Wilson. Thre^-base hit — Kruger.
T»o-base hite — Fr*«ek». Irw!n. EacriSc* hit* —
Fr*nck«. Meary S'-hmidt. Waldron. Flr«t
bai* ca error* — £»n Francisco 2. First base
«e called iMiTtf-Qg Graham 3. off Wfcalea 3.
L*ft en h*is«* — O*ki*cd 10 Saa Fraacisco 7.
gtrack out— By Oraham ' 4 by Whales 2.
Doab> plays — Kruger to Stark: Irwin to An
derses to V*r. Buren. Tlm« of game— On* hour
aad 50 sfarite«. Urcsire— Hclxinald.
Commuters Swing Vainly.
FRESNO, Nov. 24. — Tacoma won
two games to-day from Portland by
superior base running. Both games
were fast, but in many ways feature
less. Iberg autpitched Fitzgerald in
their game, but Tacoma won on ac
count of the perfect support given
Fitzgerald, something Iberg did .not
get- The extra run of the game, the
score of which was 3 to 2, was the
result of a rank error by Runkel in
the fourth Inning. The second game
was called at the end of the seventh
inning on account of darkness, the
score standing 3 to 1 in favor of the
Tacomaites. Scores:
FIRST GAME.
Tacctna — I Portland —
AB. H. R. P.A. AB. H. R. P.A.
Doyle. rf. 3 0 10 o!Draan.ci 4 12 10
Shehn.3b 4 0 0 1 » Mardk.rf 3 112 0
O«ey,2b 3 10 3 4:nur.kl,M -40122
Nrdke.lb 3 0 I 12 1 ISeck.3b.. 3 0 0 0 1
Lynch.cf 3 12 2 o Frary.c. 3 © 1 6 1
Baymr.il 2 0 0 2 2'fcpe*cr,2b 4 0 0 2 1
McL«n.lf 2 110 0 Butler.Sb OOO1O
Orahm.c. 3 0 16 liXadau.lf 4 0 13 0
Fltrgld.p 2 0 0 1 2IKlcky.lb 4 0 3 7 O
Iberg.p.. 3 0 0 0 2
Totals. 25 3 6 27 13,Thelman 10 0 0 0
£?»:!? i
I Totals. 33 2 9 21 7
•Eatted fcr Iberg In ninth inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Taooraa. 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 x— 4
Base hit* 0 0 2 2,0 0 1 1 x — f>
Portland 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hlt» 2 0 0 1 1 2 1 1 1—9
SUMMARY.
Stolen b*sei — Drennan 3, Casey, Graham,
Rocket. Two-base hits— £,ynch, Drennan,
Murdock. Sacrifice hits — Raymer. McLaugh
lin. Fltzserald. Dcubie plays — Raymer to
Ca«y tt> Nordylce: Sheehan to Casey to Nor
tlj-lte. Bite* on tails — Off Fitzgerald 4.
Struck out— By Fitzgerald 5, by Ib«rg 5. Left
en bases — Tacorsa ?. Portland 8. Time of
sram« — One hcur aad 37 minutes. Umpire —
Pcrrtse.
SECOND GAME.
Tmcosi*— I Portland—
AB.R. H. P.A.I- " AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf.. 4 0 2 0 01>renan,cf3 0 2 1 o
Shtehn.Sb 3 0 0 1 LNadean.lf 3 0 12 6
Casey.2b. 3-0 0 1 2 Rankl.ss. 3 0 0 0 1
Nrdyk.lb 3 0 0 7 HBeck. 3b. 3 0 0 O 0
Lynch.ci S 0 1 2 OFrary.c. 2 0 2 5 1
Raynir.ss 2 1 0.2 l,5pencr,2b 30022
McLcn.lf 2 0 12 (VM urdlcrf. 3 O ' 1 1 O
Gr»ham.c 3 0 0 5 2 Kellky.ll> 3 O 0 7 2
K«f«,p.. J 2 - 1 3 10 3 5
TotaU.26 3 6 21 111 ToUU.2t$ 1 6 21 11
RUNS AKD HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma. 0 110 0 0 1—3
BaaeHlt... 0 12 0 0 12-6
Portland ° ° ° 0 10 0^1
Ease Hits 1 1 . 1 1 2 O »-«
SUMMARY. ,
Stolen bases— Ncrdyke. Raymer. McLaughlln.
Errors— KalUckey. Spencer. Two--ti*se hlU—
Murdotk. Nadeau. Sacrifice hlU— Sheehan, Mc-
Laug'-Iia. Bases on balls — Off Keefe 1. off
Thielman 6. Struck out— By Keefe 4. by Thiel
maa 4. Hit by pitcher — Raym«r. Left on
bases Tacoma. 4, Portland 5. Time of game —
One hour and nv« minutes. ' Umpire — Perrine.
TWO MORE FOR TACOJIA.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth nfiles —
Gregor K won. A Lady second. Autolight third.
Time. 1 :4S 2-5.
Sixth race, one and a .quarter milea — Prince
Salm' Salm won Bengal second. Homestead
third. Time. 2:05 2-5.
Second race, five and a. half furlongs — Edith
May won. Presentiment second.* Hadrian third.
Time, 1:07 1-3.
Third race, seven furlongs — Gus Hetdorn
won. Lady Free Knfght second. Lord of the
Valley third. Time. 1:2S.
Fcurth race. Inaugural handicap, six fur
lonss — Floral King won, Roseben second.
Ram's Horn third. Time. 1:13 3-3.
First race, one mile and seventy yards^ —
Forehand won. Exclamation second. High
Wind third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
Xew Orleans Racing: Opens.
NEW*" ORLEANS. Nov. 24. — Results of the
races:
•
won. Yeoman second. Bohemia third. Time.
1:02 2-5.
Second race seven furlongs — Xeptunus won,
Mary Worth second, Payne third. Time,
1:29 2-5
Third race. Renewal Ctv?vy Chase, selling,
steeplechase, gentlemen riders, about two and
a half miles — Imperialist won. Conover eec
cad R. B. Sack third. Time. 5:14.
Fourth race, handicap, steeplechase, about
three miles — King Carter won, Lavator second.
Woolgathere r third. Time. 6:07 3-5.
Fifth race, eeventh Washington cup. two
and a quarter miles — Go Between won. Short
Hose second. Graziallo third. Time. 4:03 2-5.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Critical won.
Little Buttercup second, Priority; third. Time,
1 :31.
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Kilogram won. Akela second. Arrah Gowan
third. iTlme. 1:50 2-5.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth, miles, three
year-olds and upward, ;. selling— Tyrqn, 101
(Lawrence). 9 to 2. won; Clnclnnatus, 116
(Hildeferand*. 4 to 3, aecond; Hans Wagner,
106 (O'NeMI). M) tn 1. third. Time, l:51Vi-
Ne«df ul, Phya and Elt« also ran.
Sixth race. Slauson course, 20O feet short of
sEx furlongs, three- year-olds and upward, stll
teg—Durbar 90 (McDaniel), 9 to 10, won;
Dorice 97 tLawrence), I to 1, second; Toma
hawk, 97 (MeComas). 60 to 1, third. Time not
given. Blue Ridge and Densll also ran.
Second race, five and a half furlonrs. two
year-olds—<Tutter. 113 (Lawrence). 7 to 2. won;
Traraotor 103 (HHdebrand). 7 to 10. sieond;
Barato 1(K <H. Smith). 4t> to 1, third. Time,
1:09%. TyroHan and Fer de Lance also ran.
Third race mii**. onenln* handicap. ?100O
added— Ethylene. l'JO (J- Booker), 0 to 1. won;
High Chancellor. 121 (Prior), 13 to 5, second:
Flo Bob. 110 (Hildebrand), C to 5. third. Time,
1:40%. Diamante, Princess Tulane R. L.
Johnston and Los Angeleno also ran.
Fourth race, nve lurlonss. three-year-olds
and upward, selling— ElSn King. 117 (Law
rence), 2 to 1. won; Bathbeach, 117 (Bcoker),
25 to 1, second: Aene* MacR. 119 (MeComas).
10 to- 1 third. Time. 1:C2. Pilon. Dan Col
yns Interlude. Katherine Ennis, Sir Chrtsto
nhef. Brick Fowler, McKee. James J. Corbett,
Louwelsea, Miss Provo and Leonado also ran.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 21.— The season
of winter racing had an. auspicious
opening to-day at Ascot Park. Every
condition was favorable — the weather
perfect, the track fast and the fields
in the six events of good class. Only
two favorites won, but second choices
were heavily played at eood odds, and
it is probable the betting public broke
about even with the books. In spite
of the numerous holiday attractions a
crowd of 10,000 filled the grand
ttand, the lawns and the betting ring.
Twelve books, two field and one com
bination book handled— or atterr.petd
to handle — the wagers of the bettors.
The race of most interest on the card
was the opening handicap at one mile.
Seven hordes faced the barrier, .Flo
Bob ruling favorite in the betting at
G to o, High Chancellor at 3 and
Ethelyne at 6. Princess Tulane was
loft at the post, but the others were
off well, with Flo Bob. High Chancel
lor and Ethelyne running- prominently.
At the stretch the fight began in earn
est, Ethelyne finally drawing away and
winning by a length from High Chan
cellor, with Flo Bob a close third. The
summarj': ~ •>/&
P»rst race, six furlonxs. three -year-olds and
upward — Luckett. 112 <Rennenkamp). 5 to 2,
won; Judge Etenton. 10S<Kent). 12. to 1, Bec
ond; Tim Payne. 108 (HJIdebrand). 6 to 1.
thtrd. Time 1:14. Emm-ess of In.Ili. The
Major, Fustian, Tender Crest and Gray Morn
also ran.
Ten Thousand People See Two Fav
orites Come Down Stretch in Lead.
son, the treasurer of "the exposition
Company., Mr. and Mrs. Robinson will
be entertained by Presiden* Francis. ;
An interesting programme -nrhlch trlU
take up all the President's time while
In. .the exposition city has been pre
pared by the local committee. Satur
day will be spent visiting various points
in the exposition grounds. At night
the Presidential party will attend a
banquet in the main building In the
Tyrolean Alps at which probably 6QQ
or more people will be present. It is
announced that the President "wilt not
make any speeches on his trip, al
though it Is not improbable he will
make some impromptu remarks at the
Saturday evening affair.
Sunday will be passed quietly in St.
Louis and at midnight the President
and party will leave on their special
train for Washington, arriving here at
7 o'clock Tuesday morning.
While In St. Louis the President.
Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss Roosevelt, . Secre
tary and Mrs. Loeb and Dr.* Rixey" asp
to be the guests of William H. Thomp-
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Nov. 24.— The rapid
ity with which the President will "do"
the foreign buildings at the fair will
doubtless amaze some of the commis
sioners who preside with great dignity
at the various pavilions representing
their countries. After reviewing the
Darade in hi3 honor, he will spend ten
minutes in the French pavilion, ten in
the German, five In the Mexican, ten
in the British, five in the Holland, two
each in the Swedish and Austrian, ten
in the Belgian and five In the Japan
ese. Cuban and Chinese pavilions.
After luncheon the President win go
through the Agricultural building and
then view a football game between
Haskell and the Carlisle Indians. la
the evening the President will have a
dinner in the Tyrolean Alj>3 and then
view the fireworks display.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 24.— President
Roosevelt left here at midnight to
nizht for a visit to the St. Loui Ex
postion. He was accompanied by
Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss Alice Roosevelt.
Mr. and Mrs. Douglass Robinson, Sec
retary and Mrs. Loeb, Surgeon General
Rixey of the navy, M. C. Latta of the
executive offce and representatives of
the press. The party occupied a spe
cial train on the Pennsylvania road
which is scheduled to arrive in St.
Louis on Saturday morning at ' 9
o'clock.
Spsdal DIssatcIi to Tfc» Call.
GOOD SPORT MARKS
OPENING OF ASCOT
Roosevelt Plans Hasty Trip
to the Various Pavilions
of the St. Louis Exposition
A total of ninety-seven horses was
sold during the day for $130,775, an
average of $1248. The total for the four
days was 439 head, sold for $273,750, an
average of $623. This is $90,000 more
than the total -corresponding period of
last year's sale. %
Grace Bond, the champion three
year-old trotter of 1904, consigned by
James Gatcomb, was sold to Alonzo
Maynard of New York for $13,000.
Nora McKinney, 2:12Vi, trotter, b. m.,
McKinney-Sally Dexter, was sold to
William Simpson, New York City, for
$11,000: consigned by Brayton Ives,
New York.
Ont., for $13,000. Miss Wilkes is the
owner of Oro,, Wilkes and of several
horses which won blue ribbons at the
h^rse show last week. Prince Alert,
the world's champion pacing gelding,
with a race record of .1:59^ and a rec
ord of 1:57 with a windshield, was sold
to Edward Mitchell of New York for
Walter Wyman of London for $2600. He
was consigned by James Hanley of
Providence.
The record price thus far at the sale
was paid for Sadie Mac, another of
the E. E. Smathers string, which was
bought by Miss Kate L. Wilkes of Gait,
NEW YORK. Nov. 24.— Major Del
mar, tho world's champion trotting
gelding, with an unpaced trotting rec
ord of 2:01H and a pace trotting rec
ord of 1:53%, was sold at the Old Glory
sale at the Madison Square Garden to
day for $15,000. The purchaser was C.
K. G. Billings, owner of Lou Dillon. It
was anounced Mr. Billings would
race Major Delmar and Lou Dillon in
an etfort to break the world's record.
Major Delmar was consigned by E. E.
Smathers, who bought him last year
for *40,0CO.
Billings Will Send the qreat Trotter
x - Ajsrainst the World's Record —
for a Mile. -
HORSES GOING TO THE POST FOR A RACE AT SAN MATEO. A SUCCESS
FUL GENTLEMAN JOCKET AND A PORTION OF THE CROWD WHICH
WITNESSED THE. EXCITING CONTESTS BETWEEN PONIES.
.MAJOR DELMAK IS SOLD
TO O\V>"ER OF 'LOU DILLOX
STRENUOUS DAY
FOR PRESIDENT
In the morning the drag hounds of
the San Mateo County Hunt were out,
J. Downey Harvey acting as master.
The field wirs a small one. consisting of
Mr. Harvey. Miss Harvey and John
Lawson. The gallop . across country
after the hounds proved enjoyable.
The first of a series of polo games
will be played this afternoon at 3
o'clock on the Burljngame_ Country
Club field. The' teams. will line up:
Whites— Charley Dunphy, T.\A. Drls
coll, Cyril Tobin and John Lawson.
Redsr-R. M. Tobin. J. O. Tobin, F. D.
Hudson and Lawrence McCreery.
. Six periods of ten minutes' duration
each will be played.
The pony racing will be concluded to
morrow, when large fields are expected
to provide exciting sport. .Yesterday's
results In detail follow :
Quarter mil* — Won by Rudolph Spreckels'
Don (F. Skinner);. W. S. Hobart's Winnabelle
<L. .ileCrnkXVi. i-»iiind_: , Oi-arl-j WV Clirk.'J
Thomas A. Driscoll was presiding
judge, being ably assisted by Major J.
L. Rathbone and J. Downey Harvey.
R. J. Havey sent the fields away with
out delay. Robert Leighton was clerk
of the scales and handlcapper. Frank
Skinner and Charley Dunphy were the
star jockeys of the day. They each fin
ished first in three races, although the
latter was placed second for an unin
tentional foul.
Brilliant racing under ideal weather
conditions marked the first day of the
meeting of the California Polo and
Pony Racing Association yesterday at
the private course of Charles "W. Clark
at San Mateo. The sensation of the
day was the defeat of "Walter S. Ho
bart*8 pony, Silver Dick, which ha3 an
international reputation, '~ by Rudolph
Spreckels' great pony mare, Becky. The
distance was a quarter mile and-the
only other starter was W. E. Pedley'a
Queen Rucker.
Frank Skinner, who had the mount
on Becky, was the star among the gen
tlemen jockeys. He had a half length
the tjest of the start, an advantage he
increased to three lengths at the finish.
Queen Rucker beat Silver Dick for the
place. Becky was sent to the post in
superb condition and showed her class
for the first time.
The judges had a delicate duty to per
form after- the finish of the third
race. Charley Dunphy, on Althomer,
opened up a lead of three lengths at
the start and held it until well into the
stretch. Here he was challenged by
R. M. Tobin and Bas Blancs and there
was a slight bumping match. Mr. To
bin lodged a claim of foul and after
a long discussion it wa3 allowed by
the judges.
In the first race, at a quarter mile,
Frank Skinner on Rudolph Spreckels*
Don, outbroke his field and won easily
by three lengths.
Mr. Skinner also proved the most
alert at the post in the second race
when he rode hl3 recently purchased
pony. Lady Gay. He was riding hard
when Starter Dick Havey sent them
away and soon opened up a gap of three
lengths. Charley Dunphy en Brown
Peggy, saved considerable ground on
the stretch turn and in a whipping fin
ish was beaten three parts of a length.
Charley Dunphy had the . mount on
Maud H, the smallest pony at the races,
in the fifth event. He got her away
flying and hustled her along, until she
flew under the wire a clever winner.
Walter Hobart's Fanny Anderson ran
away going to the post, spoiling any
chances she may have had. ,;,;,
Bas Blancs, ridden by Dunphy. won
the three-quarter-mile race galloping,
never being headed from start to finish.
The races attracted a large and a
fashionable gathering. The Infield
fence was lined with automobiles and
smart equipages, while '. fashionahly
gowned women made the members'
stand bright with color. None of the
appointments. found on the- big metro
politan courses was missing and the
officials performed their duties like .vet
erans.
Pmlth. Cravath. Toman. Delehanty. Freeman. '
Two-base hit — Cravath. Sacrifice hit— Roe*.
First base on errors — Los Angles 1. Seattle 2.
Left en bas»>s— Los Ar.eeles 7, Seattle o. Base
en balls — Off Gray 1. off Ho%g 4. Struck out—
By Gray 3. by Hog? 1. Double play — Tomar.
to Brashear. Time cf game — 1:45. Cmpire —
Frank Chanoe.
AFTERNOON GAME.
Los Angeles — [ Seattle —
AB.R. H. P..V. AB.R. H. PA.
Brsrr. Ib5 1 2 8 2-V Hitn.rf 4 2 4 4 0
Fl«x>d. 2b 6 1 1 1 3 Mohlr. 2b 5 0 '2 4 0
f.Srnth.3b4 13 1 0C.Stnth.rf5 l'l 1 0
Crvath.rf 3 0 1 O 1 Frisk. If. 5 1 2 1 0
Cha«* cf.1 0 <> 2 O'BIkshp. (5 2 2 10 1
Ross. If. 5 O 3 5 O Dlhty. 3b 5 1 1 0 2
Toman. *3 0 1 3 2 Fremaulb 5 114 0
Spies. c..<) 0 0 3 lR.Hall.*s5 2 3 11
•Eagar c4 0 1 3 0 Shield*.p 4 2 3 13
Newton.p 0 0 0 0 o'C.Hall, p. 1 1 1 0 0
W.HaIl,p 4 0 0 1* 41 ' • ¦ • —
' Totals. 44 13 20+26 7
Total*. 39 3 12 27 131
•Easrar bjtted for Newton In second.
tEajrar cVit for battln? out of turn.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Lr* Ar.?e!es ,*"0 0 10 0 0 0 2 0—3
Bas« hits 11112123 0—12
S«attle 43000100 5—13
Base hits 3 3 M 2 1 2 1 2 6—20
SUMMART.
Stolen bases — Eagar. Mohler. Errors —
Brashear. J. Smith. Newton. Hits — Off Shields
12. off Newton «. off \V. Hall 14. Two-ba.«»
hits— R. Hall. Shields. Brashear, C. Hall.
Sacrifice hit — Mohlor. First base on error —
Seattle. L^ft on bases — L«s Anjreles 15, Seat
tle S. Bams on balls — Off Shields 4, off New
ten 1. eff W. Hall 1 off C. Hall 2. Struck out
— By Newton 2. by Shields $, by C. Hall 2.
Double play — Cnase to Toman. Hit by pitched
ball— Spies. Van Haltren. Crarath. Time of
srarne— Two hoars and twenty minutes. Um
pire Phil Knell.
T. Aitken and W. Watson tied J. Elder and
R. Colquhcun. 2&-21 and ".11-10; Moffatt and
Me Vicar beat McN'air and Park, 21-14; Mc-
Laren and Judj?e Shaw beat Tickner and Ma
guire, 21-17; Park and Rem beat McNalr and
Eaton, 21-20; James" Gray and Duncan beat
Shaw and Sloth, 21-12; Foreman and Moffatt
beat Patterson and Joe Gray, 21-16.
second round rather easily. The score
was 21-14.
The following practice matches were
played:
Mare Leads All
the Way to the
Wire.
The Seals waded in yesterday while
thft Commuters were still stalling
c round with their heads bowed and
pat in a claim for both games, neither
b*ir.g contested by the Commuters.
< Oakland is all in and the Tigers are as
pood as elected chamions. Scores —
Morning game — San Francisco, 2;
Oakland, 1 ; afternoon game — San
Francisco. 3; Oakland. 0.
Oakland never rallied in either
pane and the Seals made them look
like the rankest kind of bushers. The
b*st the once aspiring champions did
in the afternoon struggle was to get
three hits off Wheeler. At that one
of them was a scratch. They were
never in danger of doing ar^ything,
•while the Seals took advantage of the
first opportunity S.nd the game 'was
settled then and there.
Neither side had much of a license
to claim any runs till the seventh
Fpasrr.s, when the Seals did their good
¦work. Jones pitched a great game of
ball up to that time and it looked to
the fans as though one run would win
the game.
Irwin started the rally in the seventh
wilh a drive through second. Waldron
died easily, but Anderson clouted out a
f'.t.zIpt past Francks. Gochnauer could
not do a thing. Wilson, however, was
there with a clout over first, which let
Irwin in and sent Anderson to third.
The pair imlled off a clever double
steal on the next ball pitched, making
it two runs for the inning.
.Van Buren rounded the turn with
the Anal one for the Seals in round
elghi. He* beat out a. bunt and Hilde
brand sacrificed him along the line.
Irwin was the base hit kid for the
third time, sending Van Buren through
with one to short left field. The
score:
Saa Francisco — I Oaklisi —
AB.R. H.P.A.! AB.R. H.P.A.
Vr.Bra.lk 4 1 1 12 1 Hsksuxrt 3 0 O 2 1
HMM. :?S O 1 1 oFrnclu, * 4 « 1 9 1
Mcany, rf 4 0 0 1 0 Dn!v>-. If 4 O 0 1 0
InrtE Cb 4 I 3 1 4 Schl2y.2t> 4 0 0 3 2
WIfira. <* 4 « 1 1 O Kragr. cf 3 0 O 1 0
Adiw. 2b 3 1 1 1 :; lb 3 0 0 & 0
Oochnr. s 3 0 0 3 2 IVvrx. 3b 3 0 1 0 2
Wilson, c S 0 1 « 1 Stark, c. 2 0 0 8 1
Wheelr. p 3 <* 0 1 0 Jcnofi, p. 3 0 O 0 4
Total*. V> 3 * 27 is! Totals.29 0 2 24 11
RUNS AND HITS ET INNINGS.
Oak!**!.! O © » a A O 0 0 0 — 0
Esj» hit* 0 0001 1000—2
S«r Frmcisco. .. 0000rt021 x — 3
Ease liite 0 1 0 0 0 1 3 3 x — 8
SCMMART.
Stolen ba»** — Wilson. HiMebrar.d. "Waldreo.
Error* — Se*.la.Sey, De*'«?reaux. Gocfcnauer i.
SacriSe* tit* — Stark. Hild^orand. First base
':r, error* — Oakland 2. Flrrt bas« en called
fca.:i* — OSf Wsceler 2. eff Jones 2. Left ca
tiirs — Pan Francisco 6. Oakland 5. Struck out
— Ey Wheeler 4. by Jones rs. Double play —
irilion u> AiMt«rson. Tim* of came — One boor
asd forty ciir.ates. Umpire — McDonald.
TV". I*. Prt.t W. 1m. Pet.
T»t*»m» CJ 46 .5T7IS. Francis ... 55 52 .500
V. An««Jes-..66 *« .549'jteatUe 53 54 .495
t'a.klacd £3 M .Ml U'ortland 38 71 .33d
FTANDtNQ OF* THE CLUBS.
JONES GETS HIS
In the races to-day Dr. Sargent*- a
local driver, demonstrated his ability
to make a creditable showing against
the professional drivers.
Summary: Two miles for Cadillacs—
Frankenheimer won: two- mile open-
Won by Dr. Wilcox: two- mile Hewlett
cup race — won by Clifford; five-mile
handicap — won by Burman's Peerless.
Dr. Sargent'3 Pope-Toledo second; two
miles free-for-all— Dr. Priestly won;
five miles, for Stockton Auto Club tro
phy—Barney Oldfleld won.
Oldfleld plans record trials at Coro
nado Beach for the straight-away die
record, now held by Vanderbilt. and
believes that his new car will enable
him to reduce the coveted mark to 36
seconds.
STOCKTON 1 , Nov.' 24. — Aznid the
cheers of 4000 people here to-day Bar
ney Oldfield drove his Peerless "Green
Dragon" racing car two separate miles
in 56 seconds fiat over a dust-laden
track. Tfce fntreDld Barney never fal
tcred in taking the turns, though the
monster machine plunged and swerved
in a most obstinate manner several
times. Oldfleld's work was a revelation
to the Iovers*of the sport. The club de
cided to hold another meet In the
spring. There were eight events on the
card, but the star event proved to be
Oldfield's race against Charlie Bunnan,
driving the "Blizzard." OldSeld won
this event after a most sensational
drive, and it was during thi3 race that
his remarkable miles were made.
Oldfield and the other drivers left to
night for Sacramento, where thev raca
Sunday. His coast tour will Includa
San Francisco and Los Angeles. The
champion driver intends sailing for
Australia In December.
Wheeler Allows Them
Only Two Lonely
oase nits.
SHOWS GREAT COURAGE
OAKLAND ALL OUT
Meets Charlie Bnnnan in a
• Match Eace and Crosses
Wire First.
Seals Wade in Like
Champions From
Big League.
Barney Oldfield Electrifies
Banner Crowd at Stock
ton Racetrack.
GOES A MILE
IN 56 SECONDS
COMMUTERS
HUMBLED IN
BOTH GAMES
SILVER DICK LOSES TO BECKY
THRONG VIEWS PONY RACING AT SAN MATEO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25. 1904.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY/ NOVEMBER 25, 1904.
12
-j? PEJTriSTS— -Coattonad.
PARIS Dental Parlors. Kearny. cor. Bus!*
Set teeth. $1 5u up: crowns. *2 up:fllliags,^5o
DR. R. L. WALSH fcas moved from Geary »r
to corner Sutter «t. and Grant ave.
laDTTCATTONAX.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; ref*. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor, day, evening sessional Phelan bldg.
E. R. ATRES. founder of Ayres Business CoN
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship
shorthand, typing; $5 month; li.'e scholarship
$50; positions secured; (Jay, eve. 72o Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted- exclusively to dramatis
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
47 LESSONS Pitman shorthand and hold any
position, guaranteed: dU. court reporting;
"single-page method" ; bookkeeping. West-
ern Business College, 12S1 Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering 24
Post St., S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam.
and gas engineering. Seed for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. largs rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting post-
tions. S. B. Business College. 733 Mission.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. min., zn*ch., sur-
vey, asnay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1364. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES jn snort story writing and JournaUsm
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Pert rt.
Established 1SS3; largest in the West; an-
nual enrollment 10CO; send for circulars.
1 • — ___
A— OALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COV
LEGE. 1082 Market *t. Send for catalorus.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 603 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. "Webster. Pres.
COME and join French class now forming; $1
per month. Address box 810. Call office.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per raor.tix;
vocal leasons $1. 823 Haight *t.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight;
Individual Instruct.: all branches: day. m
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market — Po»l-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln«
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cat.
SHORTHAND taught thor*ly by mail aad per-
¦onally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ¦ Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAeademy
of languages, 10IS Post; esMS71:&blest profs.
CHEAPEST and best In Ain»rlc» — Th» Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address tn th*
United States or Canada, one year for $1.
postage paid.
EMPIOraSNT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chineee employment offlc»
supplies best help promptly: city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A— ORPHECU Employment Office— Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office^ 415 Btockton:
beet help. Frits Tama-galrt.mgT. Tsl.Bush 850.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seusg*s, 41Hi O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLG Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Mala 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 y«ars.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The 'Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
jEMPi.O'raogarr waittbp— JxaiAU.
STENOGRAPHER, young lady, well educated.
four years' experience commercial and other
work. neat, fast, accurate, wants position;
not less than $40 month. Box 343. Call.
CHAMBER work by competent girl In first-
class place; wages $20 to $25. Call 128 Fourta
St.. room 19. 1
A POSITION as housekeeper py aa elderly
woman: light work and small wages. 139
Fifth st.. between Howard and Mission.
A R EFINEO girl wishes position ta . »«"i?Tr
doing second work; no objection, to ear* of
few children. Box 19S. Cull offlo*.
COMPETENT woman wants situation to do
general housework and cooking. Call 81
Van Ness ave.
WOMAN with a child wants work la taa
country. Box 196. Call ©fries.
A MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wants a
situation; is a good cook; will do some waah-
lnz; fond of children; will so a short dis-
tance; wages $15 to $20. 47 Shipley St.. off
Fourth, near Foisom.
STENOGRAPHER, young lady, well educated,
four years' experience commercial and other
work. neat. fast, accurate, wants position;
not less than $40 month. Box 343. Call.
YOUNG lady with experienea would llks a
position as assistant stenographer or any
kind of office work; good penman. Box 163
Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position tn family for
upstairs work: if necessary will taka care of
children. Apply 3067 Twenty-tnlnl st.;
phone Capp 6342.
TRAINED nurse, reliable and competent. 13
years' experience, wishes to tak« ear* of In-
valid; no objection to traveling. Box 744.
Call office.
YOUNG lady, experienced In stenocntshy and
general office work, desires position; salary.
$40 a month. Box 167. CalL
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day In private families; pleating and fluting
vione. Box 4436. Call.
A YOUNG lady wishes position doing upstairs
work and sewing; first- class seamstress; city
or country. Box 4438. Call office.
COMPETENT German wants work by the day;
$1 60 and carfare. 23% Rltch st., rear. bet.
Third and Fourth.
YOUNG woman and Httla girl want
good horns near school. In small family;
small wages: no fakers. Ad. 934 Foisom.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to car* for In-
valid or will act aa companion to lady; beat
refs. Box 177. Call. __^_
YOUNG lady, experienced In stenography and
office work, desires position; Remington ma-
chine; salary $3.1 a month. Box 117. Call.
HONEST young German girl wishes a situa-
tion, housecleaning and washing. 150« New
Broadway, near Twentieth st., Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes to coach * children or
adults In primary or grammar studies. Ad-
dress MISS A. I.. 1072 Sanchex St.. nr. 21th.
YOUNG German lady want* position to tend
children during day from 7 to 7 or any
other work. Bo* 142. Call office.
REFINED, competent woman. 8 years' experi-
ence as a nurse, desires a position to cars
for Invalid. Address "Nurse." 1133 OsJc st.
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and hou*»
cleaning by day: wages $1 50 day. Apply 333
Jessie st., near Fifth^
AN American woman wishes position In small
family of adults; is neat, good cook; refer*
ences. Box 710. Call office.
YOUNG lady -with experience wishes a per-
manent position as stenographer and type-
writer: good penman. Phone Church 6174.
REFINED, well-groomed young lady wishes
position as companion to lady; excellent ref-
erences. Phone Pine 1133.
SITUATION wanted by young lady stenogra-
pher and typist: neat, accurate and willing.
1 Bex 523. Call office.
A WOMAN would like to do washing by day.
$1 25 per day. Address MRS. E. K.. 313
Turk . • .
A MII>DLE-AGED Jewish woman wants posi-
tion, general housework. In a Jewish fam-
ily; sleea home. Box 728. Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to do up-
stairs work and sewing; be*t city references-
Apply 1619 Leavenworth st.
GERMAN cook wants position; $35 to $10. Box
14!«. Call.
1 —^— — — _ — — __ _ _ ___ ___^_________
COLORED woman wants day's work: $1 50 and
carfare: phone Red 14 i. 1013 Clay st.
WAITRESS wishes position in city hotel. Arl-
dress. H. S.. Box 144. Call.
HOUSE- CLEANING by tfi> Say. M. E.. 841
Filbert <t.
GOOD laundress washes curtains at home. 373
Linden ave. , '
WOMAN would like position as chambermaid
or general housework. 250 Perry St.. nr. 5th.
, YOUNG woman wants situation to do house-'
work tn small family. Call 74S Howard st.
GOOD. .. steady cook wishes position; city or
country. 537 Ellis st. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. sub!«crlptlon9 received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of. The Call for the reception
of advertlsemenv" und subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. ¦ opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CLAIBYOTAaTS.
RICHARD MAYO
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent
There is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish but what can he realized by
his help and advice; he Is entirely original
in his methods; different from all others: a
visit will bring sure help and will satisfy
you and bring success and happiness to the
seekers of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
421 A Ellis st.; private flat; hours 10 a. m
to ti p. m. .
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she read* your life correctly,
given an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and yon will
be tcld how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM all, eectlonj they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you will succeed, to
be relieved of the matters that art troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE; 3
separate reception parlors; lady attendants;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
' Permanently located at 26^4 Kearny st.
PROF. L. GILLMORi:
Clairvoyant and business medium, has re-
turned and Is permanently located at the
Edinburgh 239 Powell vt.. cor. Geary. Gill-
more will give you a reliable reading of past,
present and future. The greatest adviser en
all affairs in life. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
1SMAR. Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours— 10
». m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednss-
dny evenlnr. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, buMness. etc.; L. 50c;
g., $1;. hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, . medium, born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
Istry full life read. $1. 308 Jones, nr. Eddy.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenbergr. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave. ; tel. Larkln 4207.
A. — Don't fall to s*e Mrs. Dr. Gordan, the won-
der of the age. 132 Sixth St., room 4.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 10S 6th st. .rooms 1-2L
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortunsT
teller, la. now at 317 Ellis it.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SyUtlTUAXISM.
I. THERESE SHAGREN, well-known psychic,
gives short life sketch. 25c: full life reading,
$1. 1!) Ewlng place, west' side of Laguna
' st.. bet. Sutter and Post: no sign.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNET. bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE—Materlallzlng seance Friday
evening, 8 o'clock. 32S Ellis st.
PROF. GEE. medium and healer; readings
dally: circle every night; 10c. 120« Market.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phong Scott 887.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. COO Larkla,
room 40; readings 1 to 8; tel. South 319.
DRI5SMAKEHS^ AKDJEAMSTEESSES.
1 McDOWELL Dressmaking Sc Millinery School —
i Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
! Accordion. «unbur*t and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylr.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The "Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown*." $3 SO; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
' warranted. Jghicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh.
No ¦ charge for - extracting when plates ars
made; old plates -made over like new; teeth
from $8 per, set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings. >76c; silver, 33c; crowns. $2; no
pain;open Sundays. pr.A.C.Hewttt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR- CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentl*t.r.l4.Ut
floor. Phelan bid..- 80<i Market, cor. O'Farrell.
BTJSIITES3 CHAJCE8 — Conttnnfd.
A — CAMERON & CO. — ; Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
, ¦ ¦ T~
FOR sale — First-class bazaar: located In thriv-
ing location, citv: fine plateglass windows;
store fixtures: large stock; long lease; cheap
rent; doing good business; clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
year*; one of best propositions lrf city; sick-
ness; snap; price $3500.
FOR sale — Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located; cheap rent: doing good
business; 3 living rooms; stock will invoice
more than pride asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON <fc CO.. 3 Eddy at.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood. coal., lime and cement businesses in
S. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons, alt
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 per month; trial given If
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR eale— Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot aOxl.17 feet; all furnished: ho*e and
buggy; fine well: 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 block* from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. , '
FOR sale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 50 rooms ? rent only $150; 10- year
lease; newly palmed and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to rety-e. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR rale — Several pood" business propositions
for investors, such as flrst-cla«i laundry ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels restau-
rants and many other propositions' too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON St
CO.. 3 Fddy st.
NEW Arkansas oil field — G. M. Bailey, MIs-
Eourl Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock,
ArK.. can get you an oil lease, trifling ex-
P*.r,»e. tortur.es from future sale lease*.
GOOD paying saloon on Third st. (lease);
must be sold. Call &45 Valencia st.
FOR sale— Grocery store;? stock Al; at ln-
volce. 473 Fourth st.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sals. Ap-
P'y San Francisco Call office.
A BRANCH of floe of The Call for the reeep-
tion o. advertisements anc subscriptions has
bpen opennd at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ni.
i COMPRESSED Air aT^Vac^nTProcess used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
Plr at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
P u M9ed » A ! r C1 « anlll s Co., 303 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
S'nd for RPAULDING'fl Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 335-357 Tehama st. Tel. : South 40.
WESTERN Cariiet Cleaning Works, 1S00 Har-
1 rt^iWvA 1 c ' canln *- ;tc - FRED HAGE-
PORN & CO. - s phone Mission 225. .
MITCHELL' 8>240 Fourteenth^ et.— FIrst-cla7s
g*rpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 3X4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
. RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrlson-t. ; tel. Mission 263.:
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— Tho~\VeekIy Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.',
I.ODGIWQ-HOTJSES PQg SAM. •
SAN FRANCISCO. CREDIT CO. 10 Turk «t'
dealers In real estate, rooming-houses etc.' '•
call and ¦ inspect our list ,of , bargains'-* only
legitimate propositions gold by us; titles
guaranteed. ¦ ¦ -^J-^KnjfiiWiMSnB:"- »' .
BANK REFERENCES • ¦'.-¦-¦
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.*
DO you want ia good lodging-house that Is for
sale cheap and is paying, fine? ., The owner
is sick and with old age is compelled "to give
up a paying house; a great bargain; 'investi-
gate; be convinced. MRS. - POTTENGER '
.737'^ Howard -st. ;. . _ ' .. , : ¦,_-_ A
SACRIFICE — Make offer; 14-room house ; j good
location.' . 212 : Post '. st« .'.. •" * • >
l^OPCHITO-gOTJSES _ T _9^[ ? AT>E — Con '
A^CA^TeROn"^CoH Phone~South 1050.
3 Eddy nt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming- Houses.- Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chance*.
7-1 ->'^
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In fine
block on Post et. ; full nicest kind of room-
ers: new ana modern throughout; brings in
nice lncoma; furniture in oak. blrdseye
maple velvet and axmlnster .carpets; cost
$1NCO to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $1200. „
21 rooms; cheap rent; very ' central ;• good fur-
niture and ca.rptts; clears $U>0 per month;
1 * must leave city; make an offer. .
180 rooms: grand new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap- rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $00<)
per month; close In; full of nice people; bar-
j gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership, i , ¦ ¦ :
Big bargain for _£ome one; 6-room flat ele-
gantly furnished 6 months ago by Sloan at
cost of over $900; rent only $25 per month;
fine location; biggest snap on market; only
$400.
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
$5 60 per room; all light and sunny rooms:
electric lights ana elevator; ha* 108 rooms.
• well furnished throughout; now clearing
$350 to $450 per month; make offer; owner
must leave city; only with us.
16 rooms; rent $CS;*Rood furniture and car-
pet*; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
What do you think" Hl-room apartmrnt-
house; rent only $130: where you can clear
$95 per month; no work; this you can get
for $1100; wife at hospital. \
Well located house close in. with cheap rrjit:
two years' lease: furniture and carpets in
first-class condition; will guarantee to clear
' $200 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fine business proposition.
Have new, modern S2-room house: rent $TT5:
electric lights elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange for lm-
' proved property neighborhood ¦ San Joae;
value $7000 to $10.000. j ,.; • v
9- room flat; rent only $50: water free: oak
furniture; good carpets: must sell; price $400.
Model apartment-house. 2 an^ 3 rooms each:
rent is cheap: elegantly furnished: 5-year
lease- there are 80 rooms; , everything new
and modern; you can get bargain, account of
Blcknees. -
128 rooms: chenp. rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell
1 on account of other business; only with us.
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on
Geary nicely equipped throughout; all full
and clearing nice" income; price $2000.
60 rooms; new, modern building: elegantly
furnished; cloe» In; full of first-clas* people;
clearing, a handsome profit; fine, opportunity
to get an -up-to-date house reasonable; slck-
r.ees. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' > - J' ¦
7-room modern flat: close in;' well furnished;
K cost $U0O; a bargain if sold at once; $250.
C5 rooms: best downtown commercial house in
city" clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-claes condition; will trade for
Oakland Alameda or • Berkeley property ' or
ranch In California; roust leave city.
45 rooms.", rent only : - $125; first-class ¦ location:
well- furnished and good -¦ running order;
" clearing • now over ; $200 per month; always
full: best buy In city; account of sick-
ness; price $4800. ;¦ 9 ' ¦ • ¦
j We have a number of special bargains in flats
of .6 to;10. rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be • sold : • either * account - of sickness or de -
. parture. :.-..._'-. * ¦ . , . : .
Large - list .of real estate, y rooming-houses and
¦ business ; for • exchange . or trade always on
hand.' •,->¦• . -CAMERON. 3 Eddy «t.
HOTELS. . " . :.l':-.'i.: ¦¦:¦; ¦•"-..' ¦¦
. ' -MITCHELL & CO. , — __
1206 [ Market «t. .-. - Phone Jessie : 2981
Rooming . and apartment houses, hotels. - flats.
•'« Bold; to suit purchasers. ~ Titles guaranteed
— : _ . ._ — r • MITCHELL ,& _CO. ; - — .
PARTLY;-' furnished *. house,' 18 . rooms, sunny, .
. plain \ but neat; : price $750;"hav-
"ing "other^property -must* Bell. -" Exclusively
•, >ithj MITCHELL & % CO.. . 1200 , Market st . ,
23" ROOMS : "rent $80 ; ' lease; clears ' $75 ; good lo-
. callon; $500 cash, balance easy terms; $1500
•-. Exclusive with MITCHELL & CO.V -..
BUSINESS CHA3TCZS.
A — $500; BRANCH bakery and. delicatessen
sture, with 3 nicely furnished rooms; rent
$15; a good paying- business. See K. G.
WILKE, 'MH Kcaroy st.
A— $750- SALOON with exlegant fixtures: large
tstock; full value JlJw; will be tacrlflced if
»iuld in 3 days. Call at R, U. WILKIJTS.
ITJii Kearny st.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living rnu.; rent $15;
ru opposition; very best location; about a
miles from city. See R. G. WILK13. 26%
Kearnj- *t^
A 11200 COFFEE saloon aad restaurant on
O FmreU st.; close *o 4 theaters; value In
siEht; good business. See R. G. WILKE.
26 fc Kearny »t.
A 5600 KOADHOUSE; 5 years' leas*; rent
;»•; best location on Colma. road. See R. Q.
WILKE, 2«Vi Kcarny st. *
A $1050 CORNER grocery and bar. with flat
of ii rooms; i«nt JftJo; 5 years' lease; good
laying business; bebt location; West«rn Ad-
ditlon. Set R. G. WILKE. 2tf^ Kearny nt.
A $t>5oo HARDWARE »tore, corner; range*,
household supplier, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
nc; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value In eight; owner to retire to private
lue; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE, i
28^3 Kearny *t.
A $1500 GROCERY and bar. With 21 furniihed
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by pr*b«nt owner 10 years; a good
bueisess. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tS}4 Kearny.
A— ?3350; HALF Interest in manufacturing
business; eeta.bllsb.ad many year* and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the, price a rare and
sood offer. Call on R. G. WILKE. 2Stt
Kearny st.
A — $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
In Stockton; rant $53; the leading place of
Its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. Q.
WILKE. 20 H Kearny et.
A — $900; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts esout $1<5 per day. Particulars It. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny et. ,;
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. Eee R. G.
WILKE. *6% Kearny st.
A — $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk ft.; lea*e; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny *t.
A — $800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 2u years and known as a good busl-
nejg. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— $2000: CORNER saloon, with lease, In
wholesale dietrict; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny «t.
A— $4000; CIGAR etand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell st.; 2>4 years' lease; must be
cold at once: owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
RESTAURANT and caie close to Market and
Powell etc.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business; best class of
patronage; cwner engaged in other bu*i-
neEZ* must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE,
20 Vs Kearny st.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 year*'
lease; rent $40; store dalng a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
Eee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at. \
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building: net rent $123; lease; stock will In-
voice about $12uo: a good paying place; In-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE, 2tt% Kearny *t.
A— $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block irom Examiner building; place, estab-
lished years: doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars eee It. G.
WILKE. 2«H Kearny St.
A— $»uo — CORNER saloon, with cigar *tand,
en Fourth st., livinz rooms; rent $30; lease;
a cood' paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1500 — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc., must be sold at once on
fceccuM of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known fur 28 years as a good reliable
house. K. G. WILKE. Kearny St.
A— $£500; THE leadins candy. Icecream and
oyster r.arlc: across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $151.0; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up i.iace this kind in the Slate; rare chance.
Ca!l R. G. WILKE. ::6% Kearny st.
A— J4OC0; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south cf Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
vears: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in fijht. See R. G. WILKE, 2ti% Kearny st.
A— S2C50; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease:
with nr$t-class paying salcon In manufactur-
ing town sn.ro. s the bay; c good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
iancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
<.f Uarkrt. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— &i500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st.; rent $tXi; livinc rooms; stock will In-
vo-ce about $2^00; a well established and
first-clas* paying business. bee R. G. I
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. |
F. A. BKOOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market ft., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsoni 1S46.
$125 — PARTNER for well-paying: restaurant-
will clear you $75 mo. See BROOKBAXK.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober, industrious man who
can invest $250 and service*; he will give in-
terest in business clearing $200 monthly;
references exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT on busy street near Market;
**ats 26; small place doing big business: rent
$15; sacrifice for $150. See BROOKBANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fait to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
cfcaser for what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St.,
Room* 418-410. Telephone Foisom 3458.
$1250— FOR* tale, private rooming-house bueT-
ners of 22 rooms; 17 rooms of furniture; all
rented to steady roomers: clears $30 per
month; owner must sell «t once en account
of change in position; forced sale.
ICREISS & HORSWILL,
Tne New Real Estate Firm,
1070 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FOR Mle on account of ill health, business of
manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
etc; with formulas; located In one of the
l«rKesi and best cities in California; price
$4(O<>; one-half cash; balance to be paid out
of proceeds of business. Address S. C. S.
box Z20, Sacramento. Cal.
$25<» — GOOD chnnce for active man in estab-
lished cash business, suitable for a man
v.ii:ine to do plain light work and be satis-
fied with 5>5 mo. ; no previous experience re-
lulrcd. Commercial Invest. Co., 632 Market.
FOR sale^ — Notion, toy and candy store doing
good business; fine cigar trade; rent $15. In-
cluding living rooms;' long lease. HAWKS
& MKHRTKNSi corner Seventh and Railroad
ave., Alameda.
$200 — PARTNER; chance for right man.
$450 to $300o; restaurants: good bargains.
$.'•0© to $10,000; saloons: good bargains.
See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; no competition
within 4 blocks; value greater than asked;
owner leaving. Pacific Business Association
1148 Market st.
OLD established blacksmith shop; good loca-
tion; very cheap account entering other busi-
ness. Address Blacksmith. P. O. box IIS,
Frultvale. Cai.
A— $300? PARTNER wanted In light mechani-
cal business; no previous experience required;
$15 to $35 a week each. 47 Geary et., r. 2.
UNION Bus. Ex., 093 Market— Phone Foisom
::c£2: saloon for sale; best Market -nt. loca-
tion: jrood paying bus.; must, sell at once.
A CHANCE for man and wife to make good
without any worry; fln« delicacy store; Tay-
lor st. Inquire 49 Mason St., candy store.
DELICATESSEN lunchroom; 3 llvlns rooms;
large stock; good business. 407% Van Ness
avenue,
F. L. SKAGGS, HOTEL BROKER,
2(J Montgomery st.; S. F. ; phone James C301.
Hotels for eale and to lease throughout West.
FOR sale— $2000; livery (table, opposite depot;
cood business stand. Inquire at LandgrafC's
Villa. Mill Valley. Marln Co., Cal.
$4rrf^ASSOCIATE~ r ln established business;
thorough investigation allowed. Box 691, Call.
CIGAR stand; good trade; no opposition; laun-
dry office; will Eacriflee. Call 18% Fifth at.
CIGAR etand for sale; go$d .location for sta-
tionery. Apply 427 Taylor st.
BAKING: air store trade; $35 daily; $1900;
make offer; rent $30. 721 ¦ Polk " st.
$75 MONTH— Partner wanted; genteel bus!-
ness ; short ¦ hours ; . price $250. ' 233 Kearny.
JOBBING, plumbing and tinning shop for sale,
cheap; departure. Box 3»7. . CalL ,'
FOR- sale— Saloon. 200 Ninth .St.: Inquire
from 10 to ; 2. • . ¦ . ¦
Con^
MARION GRIFFIN.
40« Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts; tel. Black 3607.
Hotels -and rooming houses for sale. Free list
We furnish abstracts free and guarantee
titles.
Thoughtful purchaser— We call"",!'. 1
your attention to 3 modern apart-
ment houses, 70, 180 and 105
rooms: each is a profitable Invest-
ment, which we shall absolutely
prove to you If you will call on
us and personally Investigate one
or a!l of them.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN"
SNAP — 12 rooms, well furnished,
clears a living for 4 people; PRICE
$3Cl>: rent $37 50: owner leaving
for Mexico.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
DEPENDABLE: highly recom-
mended: now building: new fur-
nishings: It Is our best 37-room
house; clears J175 monthly: you
may pay $1500 down and we back
you for the balance.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
YOUR CHECK is eood for $8.">0.
you pay the other SS50 In llttls
monthly Installments: furnishings
are very fine— ccst $2110; profit ?9l
monthly; eminently respectable:
best furnished 21-room house In
Frisco.
CAREFULLY examine this 30-
room house; rent is only JfiO; room-
ers pay ?0 per room; price $1800:
all housekeeping rooms; very little
work for the landlady. Easy terms
If requested.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
PARDON us for being plain
rpoken. Only a person of a k good
education and of a refined nature
would succeed in this 6S-room
house.
' LONG LEASE,
LOW RENT.
YOU ONLY NEED
— $3500 —
¦ to start with; you should clear $300
monthly. • ,
MARION GRIFFIN- MARION GRIFFIN
' ON SUTTER ST. — Three splen-
did propositions. .and each most
beautifully furnished and exclu-
sively with us. They have 30. 60
and 40 rooms respectively; well es-
tablished, fine patronage; cash re-
quired. $1000 tn $2000. MONTH- .
LY PROFIT $143 to $351.
MARION GRIFFTN GRIFFIN
_
THESE TERMS cannot be - du-
plicated anywhere. Brand new fur-
nishings'; house full of reputable
roomers; Income $74 over rent: 22
rooms; price reduced to $1600; $400
down, balance as you make It in
the house.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
- BANK BOOK shows clear
profit tn last 12 months; 15-room, . .
corner. transient house:- worth . ¦
$2000; will take any offer down to
J12S0.
MARION GRIFFIN- MARION GRIFFIN
, : WANTED — A roomlnsr-house -
(worth $1250) and $1230 cash In
exchange for a general , merchan-
dise store in country town; sales
$800 to $140O." monthly; trial will
be given; price of store $2500; BIG
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
ONE of our best bargains. in'
apartment houses: 40 large, light
rooms, always full; price $3000: .
rent $150; lease If . desired: 'profit
$175 monthly; house and furnish- ¦
ings in i good order; owner leaving .
city is only cause of sale. -¦'¦¦'
MARION* GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
.- -Suite 406. Examiner bldg.
STORAGE AZTD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods, stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st."nr. .Third: phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and ' Storage Co.i 3 Eddy st.:'
phone . Mint 2941 ; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
f uri.lture moved, packed, shipped and . stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.; of-
fice Post and Pt well gta. ; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and ; Furniture Moving Com-
i,,: • pany ;¦; 2320 . Fillmore > «t. ; , phone ¦ Jackton 2S1.
BEK1NS Van'and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
. ft.: tel. Main 1SU>. ShlDDine at, cut rates. ¦-
• ~~~~~z^z i
JQliyD^SI'llgCKjffjS. . . .Proprietor !
Au'ress Comraunlcations to
JOHN* MrXAlGHT - . - -Manager
W. J. MAItTlX .... Cosiness Manager |
rEUSPBOXR. !
Afk for THE CALL. The Operalcr Will Con-
nect You With tlie I)«-i'artn>tr.t You \\ l*h.
rublic*ticn Of See Market and Third. S. F.
l-ditor!al J'.ooras 21T to 221 Stevenson et.
Ewltvrred by Carriers. 20 Cts. IVr VTeek. T3
Cts. P«r Month. Sinfcle Copies •• Cts
Term* by Mall. Jr.clu<lln& Postage <Cath \A itn
DAILY CALI> <;nclud. Sunday). 1 year. . .?S.OO
DAH.Y CALL finclud Sunday). « mos... 4.W
DAILY CALL— Uy PingU- Month l5c
Bl rx DAY CALL. 1 Ye ar ~»J
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year -•¦4-,,
¦ro&ETOV f I>ai!y. . .$S.8O Per Tear Lxtra
r°rr* b - Sundav. 4 13 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. Iwseldy. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTTP-S AP.i: AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£*;rple Ccr:«& VTiO B«- Forwarded When
Heiiuested.
Msil BUbscriters iu o:cici!nr change of Rd ;
t.r*t6 thouid be particular to give both >t.vv
AND OLD ADLKESS. in order to inayre a
rronjpt a.u£ correct comj.liance vrith tb«lr re-
caest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 EreaCway Telephone Main 1083
FERKELEY OFFICE: '
tl<S Cecter Street Telephone North « »
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAilUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa'.dcrf-Astrrla Hotel; A.* Iirentano. 31
rrion Fquai>-; Murray Hill Hotel: Firth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman Hout*.
CHICAGO STEWH STANDS:
Shenran House; P. O. News Company: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
lictel; Pslnw-r House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS. Marquette Building.
CLcng DtXtMBtx Tti^rhcne. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEFHE.V II. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
correr Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth: open until
11 i: rr..
f?T Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
«:20 i>. m.
TOO Heyc* Ftreet; cren until 9:30 p. m.
G?3 McAlliftPr street; open until 0:30 p. m.
CIS Laikin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J!<41 Mission Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
lt-0 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1<X)C \'aiencta inrett; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
r.pen unt.I 9 p. m.
t2f«> FiMrr.Te ftre^t: or p n until 9 p. m.
ZZ.TlT.Tnza NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccrrmand^ry No. 1. K.
T— No assembly THIS (FRIDAY) irS".
EVENING. Irgj
CHARLES M. PLUM. SOS
Commander.
LA PARFA1TE Union Lodge No. 17. F. a
and A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY. YV
November 25, VJ04. at S p. m. First /lr\
Degree. By order of the W. M.
1». ST. JLLLIEN. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodre No. 134. F. and A. a
M — -Vill m«rt THIS EVENING. 7 VV
o'clock. GEOKGE PENLINGTON. /V\
Secret iry.
SAX FRAXCE5CQ Lodge No. SCO. F. »
ar»J A. M.. Motion Temple. 26(a Mis- Wy
Flon st. Third Dffree THIS (FKI- /V>
lJAY» eXEXlXQ at 7::;o o'clock.
Vistt!r;g brethren ccidiaJIv invited. By order
cf the \V. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA I ds<? No. 1, K. or .<*• i
P.— Mttts THIS FRIDAY at S tH^>^/
o'clork. Pioneer bui!d:r.?. 24 Fourth 7?*^
etr»-<n. I'age rank. Visitors cordially &•£*>£
Invited. F. O. MOLL. C. C. **—
K. N. McLKNNAN. K. of R. and S.
MISf ION Xn. fe<S*VC"*v
l(a«>. Natirnal Union— Will
nieet THIS (FRIDAY) >i.i -¦'*%i
KVENINO at S «' clock, at
Mission Ma.^cn Hall.
W. A. HARGEAR. -S^cr'tary.
EAN FBAXCISCO Tent No 1R. v^'f^Sw
K O. T M — P.'vlew THIS fi£Z~£Z$SK
irnroAV) evhning at s agi (txvSa
o'clock. Pioneer Hill, 21 \fUJ> ?T v lr-»i1
Fourth st. „ val^t^-SsF!
It. B. RICHARD?. i
Record Keeper. ;
FPEC1AL NOTICE.— There «1!1 h* a meeting j
of th? Anw:ici'.n Association <)f Urensed Of- j
fic<»t^ en Faii Vessels THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- j
IN<». Nove:7;l»-r 2T>. at 7 o'clock. Business of !
epecif.I iniptTtanr* «jwinjj to the d*ath or
<iur late brother. !^. M. ITlin. who met his
<leEth by foul ir.rans. Dy order of
ALEX BERGMAN. Captain. '
J. J. PAilKEn, Sf<retary.
SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS—
Notice ifc htreby that a special meet-
ing of the ftfx-kholders of the CENTRAL
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY will be heli
on SATURDAY. December 3. 1904. at 11
o'clock a. m.. at the office of *ald compary.
113> South Main St. (over Wells. Fargo & Co.'s
2 •;-- t i. Salt Lake City. Utah, for the purpotse
cf considering and aFrenting to. or dlss<.nt-
Ir.g from, the execution of a new mortgage
upon \te Mne of railroad cf said company
«x:<ncinp from a point of connection with '
its cririral line Jurt north of the Ogden
R'.ver. :n Wrt>er County. I!tah. thence west-
erly aCTQM IVorriontory Point and <ircat Salt
La^e through the counties of Weber and
Eoz Jvlder, io a connection with the original
line of ta!d cr>mr*ny atar and immediately
¦*ert cf Grouse Creek, between Lucln and
Csrtney Ftasionr. on ?ai^ line, a draft of
«rttch taid tMDposjtfl mortgage will be sub-
tr.i'.tcd a; fbiJ meeting.
E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
ADVERTIgEM F-NTS. Eubscrlpticns receU-«dTat
1 i_£!l a . n i?_i ) I5 < L1£ r ' r -_L >unc * n & Church sts -
A BRANCH o'fice of Th» Call "f cr~the~recep-
Jinn of adv«>rti.«?mer,;^ and suhs.Hptions has
been opened at IOCS Market Et., oppoeite
Firtli. Oppr. ur-til 11 p. m.
I-ADY agents wanted everywhere to seTl I
Krmp's Suppor:tori*9. !:{12 Market st,. r. 310. j
ATTOBSTE YS- AT-TOlVT.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is Ccar at'jTj' and
is no eood; lor 22 jeat* I've made divorce*
a tpecialty; quick; quiet; no money needed-
re pay unWs divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lov.cst fet-F: advice free; collections^
trade. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market «t.
R. W. KINO. Attorney-at-law. Exam bldg
<5tb floor: entrance room r,H; e'tabtished 2S
'Jeart; el! count, etru-rsl court and office
practice; no fees !:i advance or for consulta-
«vcninc by appoint tnent. Tel Red 2601.
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
business lesally. promptly end energetically
transacted. \V. a"52 Market, r. 23.
AA— Divorce: corts $12: quick, quiet ;»dvice fre«*
all law business: no charge unless success-
ful ; open evenlnt*. 027 Market et.. room 301.
ADVICE fre*; divorce cost* $12; no fee* or
costs In advance; all law business; offlcs
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market et.. r. 33.
U. S. CLARK. 027 Market, rootr. 30i; consults- (
tion free; no fees in advance; open evening*. I
CHKAPKST and b-st In America — Th» Weeltly |
Cell. Hi r»K ( '». »«nt to any address In the j
Unite.1 Pt»t»yr>r Canada one- year for >1. J
ASTTTMA CURB.
IJI NOLA'S Afcthirs Remedy relieve* Instantly
JOc. 25c. M)c. 1C02 Market, fit. Ntcholaa;
blso Wichar:. lGtk and Washington. Oakland.
BOAgPnCG rOB CKH^DBElf.
NUUKE HWng in F'JVjrbs, has goats' and
<-ows' mHk. will tiard email baby; rea«-,
enable.- TcL Capp 4'.*2.
WANTED — Sebonl children to board. M.
WALLACE, ritcbburg. Elinhurst. Ala-
i?>eda t^ounty.
CKESZT CXiOTHIEKS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason, pt.— Clothing
fr.r everybody from hat to nhote: you can get
you want from ub and have It charged.
CLOT2I5G 2ESOVATIHO..
6CITS cleaned and pressed. JI; scouring- and
dyctnr. Bon ilarche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
Phone Drumro 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenonu elected fcr $4; coUecticns made;
J"' cr country. Pacific Collection Co.. 41S
Montgomery et., room* 9-10. Tel. Main SS80 l
FREE-ONE BOX CONTAINING THREE CAKES OF RICHLY
Highest*. Quality ¦ - ; - " ¦ ¦ " Highest, Quality
To Our Want> Ad Patrons
THREE .CAKESI ONE BOX "THREE CAKES"
I ; — I " " ' :""_1J1^^^,~JLL^^ ' Your Choice ofVour Odors:
I VIOLET WHITE R.OSE
:¦¦:¦¦ " * ¦ ¦ . ¦ .. ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦.: '¦,-. .¦ ¦. .* ¦ . . -.¦¦..¦.,¦¦.¦.¦..¦.;¦:¦¦.;¦'¦¦¦¦¦: ¦ y..\:<f''.-:-ft .£v!o^- <¦* T v ;•,' i »¦: :¦!•?-¦.•.¦;¦.-. . fx*:-x-'- m ¦¦¦.¦ ¦„¦¦¦ ¦;.-:¦¦ . "¦_¦:¦: ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦:¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .-. ,-.¦ -. . . ¦ •¦"¦ ¦ ¦¦¦. ¦¦¦ -. ¦„,¦"¦.¦"¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ "¦ ¦"¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ -..¦¦,, .-.¦ ¦ ¦.¦. .¦ ¦ ¦ . -. ¦,-..¦¦.-„ ,..<> | *&% f^ 4 1 *5 I 4 1 T T 1 l^\ 1 1*1 i^ i^^^ ¦
•>¦-- - • - f 2$%^^M$M&?M}%U'$$&~.~ - \liM —r-. ... 11- nwi. et c r — '
1 1, .».r^,— ,.-——.. ..,-,-.. .. ! .., ... ! — , — — Dealsrs supplied by Los Aigeles soap Co., 115 EaTis St., s. F. ;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, ,1904.
13
S~A_ ESTATE — COTHffT—T — Tor *>*•»
$27.cno-^21<> ACRES. 2. MILES FROM 8T.
Hel*>na: most highly Improved land: «4 acres,
resistant, full bearing vineyard; homes fins
modern buildings (complete like elty hetne-).
with gas plant, hot and cold running water;
telephone; splendid under ground sewer sys-
tem: latest patent plumbing, etc., with flna
reilwood park and valuable water rights.
This Is one of the most complete country
homes In California. For particulars call at
'111S Broadway. Oakland, room 18, to owner,
DR. R. E. BAUSKE. _^^
BALE or exchange for city property: saertScer
153 acres. Napa Co.: 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped an*
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's bom*.
SHADBUrtNE. 4CS Montgomery st
FOR sale — M acres of good level land; sub-
divided into small tracts If desired. This)
land U right at Rutherford. Napa County.
Cal. Call on or address the owner. T. B.
EDINGTON. at Rntherford.
ATTENTION. HOMXSEEKERS! *
E«nd pcstal for catalogues of the best land
bar.alns In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
BOO^s^oj^HaTj^Kx»r«i0r.^
BRYANT, 421 — Two rooms, nicely furnished
for housekeeping, with, gas.
BUSH. 1333 — Housekeeping roons to let; r»»-
sonable. Phone Sntter 1538. '
-— »r>— , 4TS— Furnished room: Ug-t housekse».
Ing. _______
EDDY and Polk sts., Gladstone — Sunny
housekeeping apartments: 1, 3 or 3 rooms:
electric lights; hot water; central.
ELEVENTH 106— Elegant front s-ite and sin-
gle rooms;' complete for housekeepins;; gas
and bath: reasonable. ______
FOURTEENTH, 773 — 8 or 4 fine unfur. rooms, •
with reg. kitchen ; light hkpc : priv. family.
GEARY. 1223— Fine, sunny, bay- window suite:
all conveniences; location the best; coartn*
view; terms reasonable.
GEARY place. 2 — Sunny furnished room: ttgnt
housekeeping if desired.
HAIGHT 1031 — 2 eunny. connecting rooms, or
separate; bath; housekeeping; reasonable.
OOLDEN GATE, 857— Newly farnlsbed.rocir is;
hot and cold water; gaa range; b»— ¦
HARRISON. 74S— $12: suites; modem; bctX
laundry: toilet on mania floor; gas. ¦
HOWARD, 737H, Manilla— Nlcw front sunny
g-lte. hcoaekeeplng; other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1050— Furnished housekeeping and
single rooms; gas: $2 to $3 CO per week.
HOWARD. 1971— Two large, unfurnished con-
necting rooms; modern; private family; cheap
to right party. ¦ -
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Thr*e-
rcom tunny apartments; steam heat; ce». loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Bunny furnished 9- room suites: steam heated,
tlectric lighted; fre« baths; rates reasonable.
LIBERTY. 504, near Castro — Two or 4 modern,
sunny, unfurnished rooms; adults; references;
warm belt
MINNA. 546— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. _^_^
OAK. 117— Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12: gas range; hot bath: adults.
OAK, 407 — Large, comfortable rooms; eleaa
and quiet; $4 per month.
O'FARRELL, 1381. near Laguna— Finely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, with every con-
venience). '
PACIFIC. 813A— 2 front sunny furnished
rooms; gaa and bath: very reasonable.
POLK. 612— Back suite; 2 beds: small kitch-
en; gas stove; bath; phone; porch: $17.
SANCHEZ. MO. nr. ISth— Large sunny sitting-
room; alcove bedroom; kitchen; reasonable.
SUTTER. 8S1 — Two sunny housekeepins; rooms;
completely furnished; gas, phone, bat—
A WEEK'S news for 8 e«ntf— Th* Weekly Call.
1« page*. In wrapper, for mailing. Si nwtwr.
APAjBT_CENT HOTJS-3.^
THE EVERETT
Modern apartments, 829 Fell st. Finest equrp-
' ped 4 and 3 room apartments (furnished or
unfurnished) In city; grand view command-
lag bay and entire city: prices (furnished)
from $45 up. Phone Page 6186.
ROOMS TO ItET — Turn, and TJntuxn.
ATKINS, cor. Third st and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class housa
in locality; rooms Jl 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rocms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms, 25c. COc. $1, $1 50 night:
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water ia every room: 20O
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 23 to $3 weelc
4 BUNNY unfurnished rooms and jud. 013
Bryant st: rent $3.
CLAYTON. 615. near Haight — Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, cheap: breakfast If desired.
DOLORES. 414 — Fc? rent, a nicely f— rnlshed
room, for one or two young men.
EDDY, 432— Xlcely furnished sunny parlor
suite; fine location; reasonable; bath; single.
FILLMORE, 1340^ — Sunny furnished rooms:
reasonable; gents; refs. exchanged.
GOLDEN GATE. 337 — Newly furnished sunny
rooms. $2 to $3 week: hot water bath.
GOLDEN GATE Ave.. 756 — Nicely furn. rooms;
private fam., fcr 1 or 2 rents; mod. con.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 33c
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $t> wlc.; reading-room.
HARiasON. 2410, bet. Twent.eth and Twenty-
firmt — Furniihed room to let; suitable for
two men; rent JtJ per month* * . j- >-
HAYES, 1623. near Lyon^Large sunny room:
suitable for 1 or 2; bath; private family;
references exchanged.
HOWARD. 547. bet. First and Seeond^ — 3 nicely
furnished for housekeeping ; double parior;
front rooms; first floor; references.
HOWARD. 713.— Furnisned rooms, single or
double: central location.
JESSIE. 823— Large front parlor.' furnlshed.
$15 month ; others rooms $2 75 an J $3 week.
LAGUN^l. 1507. cor. Geary— Newly fumisne-1
sunny suite: modern; new Cat; private fam-
ily; reasonable.
LARKIN. 819% — Nice, sunny front ro«rn r, suit-
able far one; gentleman preferred; $3.
MARKET, 1043 (The FalmouthV— Sunny rooms;
' $2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevatcr.
MARKET. 1104. Vendome— Furnished rocms.
en suite or single: suits on first floor; tran-
sient; elevator 15 Turk st.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. — 1«>
single and family rooms 33c to SI SO per day.
$2 to JS per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rocming-houa© In San Francisco
* that has office on ground floor, hct and eoli
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
O'FARRELL. 208 — Nicely furnished, sunay
frcot rooms'; also single; 12 to $4 week.
PINE. 1020 — Newly -furnished room: very saa-
ny; phon», gas. bath, running water.
i ~~: v — -
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor: rooms p-r night 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to JS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TAYLOR, nr. 3utter — Nice sunny furn. front
room: garden, porch; good for 1 or 2; til mq.
THE ST. KATKKTN. CORNER ELLI9 AND
LEAVENWOP.TH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW*
i SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
* ELECT RC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM 13 WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New man-
agement; new bldg-; finely furnished, with
hot and cold water, steam heat and baths;
fine location and reasonable rates.
12 NEWLY furnished rooms; central location.
DAVID BRO3-. cor. Kearny-CIay.cigar stors.
CNITET> STATES. 123 Eddy. er. Market — ICO
room- 3.Tc to $1 night 51 75 to W week; elec-
tric 1'shTs (no gas), running water in every
room ; elevator, read.-ronm: free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: TOO rooms;
35c to $1 SO nisbtly: »2 to JS week; elevator;
elec. lights: readlnjr-room: free bus; baggage-.
ADVERT! SEiTENTS. subscriptions recer-ed at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of Tfr? Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements an.) subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until II p. m.
For Additional Classified Advertise-.
x_en_ See Pas« 14*
?FRF MFh TO FT £f)fiP 10 UANT flh PATRONS— FREE
Li\ U LL/ . \J LL OU/ir \\J Wn V nt/ in r\U iO 1 1 \— ¦— •
I-ATS TO LET- _*UKH1B— ED.
DIAMOND. 819 — Flat of 3 furnished sunny
rooms: tiot and cold water; $!&¦ . '
¦ rrjfAiTC-A— . . -..
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In .$4.«O\000 00
Surplus 940,001 69
Issues
Bix per cent
Investment Certificates :'
At • par.
Offlc* — No. 14 Sanscme »t.
Son Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate
certificates. MANHATTAN LOAX COM-
PANY, 107-108 Crocker building.
COMPAICIES formed; mining or patents; stock
*old ; strong Eastern connections ; advice free.
Write A, F. HARASZTHY, 622 Cro-sley bldg.
FUKUITURE WASTED.
ABE LEVyT
EaJecroom. 1135 Market at Tel. Jessie 7<?1.
Dcn't tell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers cr will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2336,
CALL on Alfred Woilpert. T78 Mission st. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
~O— -^ITTJBE rOB SAX E.
; HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, eta 782 Mission; tel. Bush SIS
= I
JgEXP WAITOP— rrilA— !.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
la 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West 233 Oeary et. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled lm-
tnedlately. Parlors. 143 Stockton st. r. 13. ,
A — PACIFIC (College teaches hairdresslng,
rn ant curing, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees' positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st
A YOUNG woman wanted for second work,
432 Capp st
YOL"2fG lady to tend Welsbach light stores
permanent position. 3152 Sixteenth st
WANTED — Every girt wbo drives to try CHIC-
LETS.
WANTED — Reliable girt general housework:
Swedish or German preferred. 1324 Fulton st
LADIES for steady home employment; $3 to
112 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket et, room 618.
WANTED — Seamstress for curtain and drapery
work. C. HAYNERT. SCO Mission st
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted; wages $15 per
week. 500 Kearny st.. room £.
A GIRL for general housework; must be a
good cook; family of 3. Apply 1132 Fell st
PROOFREADER— Girt who can read proof and
*et type. Bex 143. Call office.
HELP WAITT-D— MALE. '
AAA— PERJtY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU
806 Market st. room 325. fifth floor. *
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to £15 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $15 week
Timekeeper flS wetk
Accountant $15 to *25 week
Collector $1? week
Floor manager $1S week
Two shipping clerks .- $15 week.
General office work $15 week
Clerk, city or country J13 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
806 Market «t. room 325, fifth. Jlaor. .
AT HORD ts. EMITlFs ~'
Contractors' Agents. U5 Third St.
Craneernan, south, $3 CO, boss here.
Man to run wax thread machine, shoe fac-
tory. $15.
Man for dre house, experienced. $15 to $20.
Solicitor fcr tea and coffee, big Induce-
ments.
Man to handle nerve medicine, $1 and com-
mission.
Amador County, teamsters, $2.
THE NATIONAL KilPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Neat boy. knowledge of stenography, $25.
Wine salefman. $HO and expenses.
2 flour sale&men. $100.
3 drivers, Wei»s beer. $!0 to $20 week.
Accurate bookkeeper and EtenoRTapher, $10.
2 boys, electrical house, $5 -tart.
Many other positions. Call at office,
liooms 9-10. 51 Third ft.
WANTED— Chemist. $20ro per annum; an ex-
amination will be held at the navy yard.
Mare Island. Cal.. December 13, 1904. to fill
the above portion; for application and
further information address COMMANDANT
NAVY YARD. MARE ISLAND, CAL.
W ANTED-^-One or two men to learn a good
trade; steady work; paid while learning;
must have ?25 security. Call at CIS Mer-
chant st. bet. Kearny and Montgomery. ,
BARBETt-EHOP fcr rale; 2 chairs; g^>od loca-
tion; (Joins: splendid busrtness; 4 fine living
rooms. Call at unce, if you want a bargain,
at H37 Mission st.
WANTED — Good, etrong bey; $1 pe r day.
Mutual L.. and L. Co., Second and • Bryant
ttreetp; Bryant-street entrance.
$500— STEADY man for partner In a No. 1
business: large profit: easy to learn. In-
vestigate at 2K3 Fourth St., barber shop. '
Ft>Il sale — Good paying 10c 4-chair barber shop
and laundry office; guaranteed. KTT Sacra-
mento st.
BOY wanted %o learn srildlns trade. S. & G.
GUMP COMPANY. 1K{ Geary st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 505 Four-
teenth st. Oakland.
YOUNG man for general work in ca.ndy-store.
Box 35-1. Call otHce.
EXPERIENCED carpet layer. 2380 Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 1082
McAllister /t .
WANTED — Every confectioner in town to sell
CHICLETS.
FIXE two-chair barb»r-shr^. for sale. Inquire
303 Masoa st. C. A. TROST.
FOR eale—1 -chair barber ebop; best location
en front. ~'»« East et.
BARBER shop for eale; good location: In hotel.
Corner Van Ness ave. and Austin st.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
Clerical, technical and salesmen, paying
from $1000 to S500D year: communication
strictly confidential; offices In St. Louts and
8 other cities. Call or write Pacific Commer-
cial Bureau (Inc.). 306 Mutual Bank bldg.
WANTED — Steel stamp and die maker; a good
position to the right man. Address, giving
qualifications, references and salary expected,
Los Angeles Rubber Stamp Co.. 224 West
First St., Los Angeles, Cal.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; nms-t be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTICD — A first-class all-round architectural
dr-ughtsman; one wjth experience; state
terms and fullest particulars and references.
Box SO. Monterey Road, San Jose. j
WANTED — An all around tailor and coatmaker
for country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.,
24 Butter st -
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion: $S3 per month. Box 050. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. 671 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 SO
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: open till 9 p.m..
WANTED— A cake baker for city. Box 173,
Call office. .
WANTED — Good male stenographer; state age,
experience and references. . Box 400, Call. •
OLD Mtabllehed 2-chair barber shop; good lo-
callty; low rent ,2403 Folaom st. . : ; . '. •
MEN', learn the barber trade; tuition 'free to
lucky one. .741 Howard st • . . .
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 SUuart if. -',¦¦
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed. soles 10 min.. 75c
SAILORS and young men . (green • hands) ' lot
•Mp«. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson BL *
-_*•_.. - v 3T AITTEI> ~ M _ AI ;?.'T c P n - tl ? n - B<L^
A— MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st"
Phone Main 5848. .
- Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
x 1908 We Oave / 1004 We Hop* to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Grainer and painter, $3 50 day.
FARMS,- DAIRIES.
14 farmers, plow teamsters, $26 to $33 and fd.
4 milkers, $30 to $40 and found; 6 choremen
and boys, private and ranches.
Mlllman, furniture factory.
FARMER AND WIFE.
Farmer and wife, Oregon, $400 year.
COOKS ETC
14 cooks, waiters and kltcben help, city and
country; porter, butchers. . *
Andrew Stelgler. cook, pleass cammtmreat*.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
J5AILMAKERS.
B sailmakers, steady* job, city. $3 60 to $4
day.
PRUN'ERS.
10 pruners. lar*» orrhard. Placer County,
winter's Job, $10.
PIE BAKER. .- .
Pie baker, city Job, steady, $15 week. /
Young ~t»n around machinery, hotel, $25 fd.
PLASTERERS.
8 plasterers, city Jobs, $5.
Farmer and wife, vineyard, $45 and fctsnd.
Cook, small hotel near city, $10 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
MEN — The onty original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances. ,
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue. - :
Moler Barber College. 640 Sacramento st
Lately moved from Clay st. .
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail
and custom-house- positions. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to COc per night.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments. -
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40, ?helan bid.
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post., G. A. .R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35o night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ra. -
ADVERTIPEMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOHSE3 AITP VTAGQ-TS.
FOR w.le — 1 black horse, lady can drive, and
rubber tire runabout. Call at grocery/ south-
east corner Golden Gate ave. and Buchanan
street. . • . -
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY, Pres.. 810 Qolden Gat-
OPEN hack. $2<X»: good condition. Apply bet.
10 and 11. 62S Ninth ave.. Richmond district
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness.
every 'Wednesday at 11 a. ra. 327 Sixth st
FOR sale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
eingle truck. 233 Beale et " • > • ¦ •
WAGONETTES, eurreys, burgles, wagons, har.
ness, work & driving horses. l'5th- Valencia/
HOUSES JTOJC.ET. .
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office. - . .
TO let — Rear house; 4 rooms; 1332 Larkln st?
Apply 1350 Larkln st.
HOUSES TO LET--rCBWISgE-», ; '
COMPLETELY furnished hoiiee:" "will rent
. whole or part; call mornings. .1618 Jackson.
A MODERN sunny furnished house,. 10 rooms.'
2 baths, garden, yard: whole, part. 410 Oak.
HOTELS. _
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness ave.—
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, e-pecially for families for the
fuwn or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, eunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
N. Y.. and Mnana Hotel. Honolulu.
HOUSE-C— EA— TJTQ OFFICES.
JAPANESE housecleanlng company and shoe-
maker. 618 Gough st. ; phone- Howard 3383.
INVESTMENTS.
RATtE bargain*— 100 American Marconls. $4;
ltX-0 Rhoderick Dhu, 2Sc: all other stock on
similar terms. E. COWPER-THWAITE,
Stockton, Cal. '
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A small gold purse with settings of ru-
bles and diamonds; Inscription Inside "Dolly
Paris 1W2." Very liberal reward if returned
to 6C3 Steiner st, , city.
LOST — Monday, pocketbook, with papers of no
value except to owner; no questions asked;
rlease return to janitor L O. O. F. Hall.
GEORGE W. PAYNE. - ..
LOPT — Sunday, 1- p. m., diamond locket on
Haight 8t. car, bet. 4th and/5th sts.; valued
as keepsake; reward. 4\~t\<J Th\r& st.
LOST — Bankbook oh German Savings and Loan
Society; reward for return at bank or -1307
Ellis st. MRS. GUESIE DOBRIN.
LOST— Cocker spaniel, near Van Ness ave.;
name "Ti^er" on back of collar. 40<J Sutter
et. , room 36, bet. 1 and 3; reward.
LOST— Small black notebook; $1 reward.
Leave at Call c^fiee.
LOST — Whit% groat, brown spot on neck "and
shoulder: reward. 2C6 Surrey st. Glen Park.
LOST — Pair of rlmloss eyeglasses In case; re-
tuin to 1111 Buchanan st. ; reward.
LOST — BIsck cutaway frock coat In tryon
_form. Reward at 541 Market St., upstairs.
LOST— Monday evening, one pair of specta-
cles Jn case. Reward at 510 Mason st.
FOUND — An opportunity to buy CHICLETS
in all the better kind of stores.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CaiL
16 pases. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
7. A UWCHES FOB JTIHE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES AND PILLO WS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
73KOS.. 1432-34 Howard et. : phone South 218.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or Buffering from
any ailment jieculiar to their ' t»ex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San : Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the head. ! He guaran-
tees relief or no pay.
DR. WHITK, 70". Market 8t, rocms 7 and 8. I
LADIKK--Pof!s!bly I'm not the cheapest nor
y-t the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
UKLIABLE' graduate physician. When In
I trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
• the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; 1 guarantee ¦ prompt
n-suits or no charge. Hoom 1 ; est. 14 years.
KR. B. O. WEST, office 305 Kearny at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and .irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1608% Market st., opp. 5th. 1
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and • lrreg-lsritips; instant relief
guaranteed; 3t> years' experience. 944 Poet st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience In female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs: when others
fail eee the doctor and be content Maternl-
ty Home. 412 Taylor st, near Geary:'
DR. G. W. OTXINKELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on 'female-
complaints; positively corrected; the unrortu-
nate helped; the moet difficult cases treated 1
advice free. Office, 1016 Market st.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, ' eick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester.' 219 Kearny
st: relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.: Tel. East 637. J
DR.- and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
., original . method of treatment" ¦- 1 128 ; Market.-
LADIES — Kumround : ¦ safe. ¦ sure.- .* never ¦. falls ;
'¦"¦ $2. 'Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay;
DR." ROSEN, residence 2095 Folsom st., corner
-. Seth; ladies, : relief or no fee; $10. *. : -.' ;/ - ,
A— A GREAT reduction for this month only:
it is between seasons; a special reduced rate
on prices made from Sept 1 to Nov. 1 for
wrinkles, bagginess. pittings and freckles;
from this "date I will be in my office from
10 to 6 daily; will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS, Beautyder-
ml«t, 128 Geary it
"REXRADIO'S" (FIRST) TREATMENT YES-
TERDAY (PARALYSIS) MADE ME RAISE
foot 2i Inches, kneel, walk splendidly, etc..
all before "impoeslble." (Name given). NU-
MEROUS ethers. Office hours 2 to 7. "Pub-
lic" htaltnjr 2 and 8. 1 Fourth st. (upstairs),
corner Market :
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tings, bagginess of eyes or any .blemish o_f
the face Mme. Gilllngha— < Invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other in this
• city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton et; write for booklet
THE Ftar.Halr Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
. proves ltsgrowth,stops falling, cures dandruff
and .Itching scalp; no stain cr stickiness;
r -,elean*e«i ticalp;at druggists'. hairdressers : ae-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatlsnuparalyets. neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat etc. Sold by all druggists for
" wer 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
' by ROWELL & BROWN, 40 Turk st, B. F.
OXYGEN massage treatments cure all nerv-
ous troubles.. Office 320 Starr King bldg.,
.121. Geary st-' MRS. HOLSHOUSER. mag-
netic specialist; treatments 12 each.
ON and after this date I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife,
>• JESSIE L. WALDO. A. H. WALDO.
FANCY and . silk dresses carefully washed.
: JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estah.
• 1880. 2122 FUlmore St.: phone Oeary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLE3 LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 'Market et
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
t down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
"FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st, near Powell.
DETECTIVE— P.rivate detective: all classes le.
" gitlmate work promptly attended to. HARRY
; ROGERS. 1 616 OTarrell. Pfcone 'Butter 2634.
PHYSICIANS find that CHICLETS allay thirst
¦ in fever cases. ¦
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Tred .Wagner. S50 Market
H. ANDERSON, 26 O'Farrell st— Theatrical,
•masquerade 'and carnival costumer. ¦
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 729 Market st.
EASY installments for Men 'and Youths. Suits
to order.- Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
'Market at." bet.' Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
iArt Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.369 Sutter. Miss Eeton,233 Geary.r.39.
TAILOR-MADB suit ' $7 50; dress pants $2 60.
¦MUflt Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
•country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S. Egyptian Henna restnjes gray
hair to Its nautral color. 11 at all ciTuggliU*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened - at 1003 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SUBOEO3T3.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. — Office and residence,
1C2H4 Market st. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of. women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
• DR. BALL. 1073% Market «t
REMOVED— DR. WONG' HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese, heJb«.^746-3 Claj st
CATARRH. DEXFNES8. W and"NOI3E3 In EARS
' positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. -Dr.' Cottingham. 204 Sutter.
PAPEBHAHOra a.FAXSrrTXfO. S~C-
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
. MAINE. 1007 McAllister st; tel. Fell 2403.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PTTBC— ASTWQ AGEITCrCS.
CiIara"eTjEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln st, room 4'J; tel. South 319.
P_OPOSA— 3.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted — Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Beard of Directors of the
Veterans' Home of California, at Its office.
Room 13, 320 Sansome «t., Ean Francisco,
California, up to 11 o'clock a. m.. Satur-
day. December 3. 1904. and opened Immedi-
ately thereafter in the presence of bidders.
fcr furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commifmary supplies, etc.. for the \ et-
erans' • Home, Nara County, California
(railroad station. Yountville, f. o. b.). for
fix months, commencing January 1. J-<w.
and ending June 3D, 1905. Schedules with
Information and instruction- for submitting
bids will be furnished upon application by
the undereiened. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules, and no
bid - will be considered unlera it t« in ac-
cordance with such schedules. Bids must
bo made on samples submitted whenever
called for In the scnedule. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well known and regponslble
banking house for af least 10 per cent, of
the amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne Treasurer, conditioned that the bid-
der Will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance, as required
by law. The Board reserves the right
to reject any or all blda and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Preference will be given tq goods manufac-
tured or produced In this State, price, fit-
ness and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions of Section 3247 of the Political Code.
Address John F. Sheehan. Secretary of the
' Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home
of California. Room 13, 320 Sanaome st. San
Francisco California. By order of the Board
of Directors. JOHN F. 8HEEHAN. Secre-
tary. ' " ¦ "
FP.OPOSALS for subsistence supplies— Otict
Purchasing. Commissary, San Francisco, Cal
November 16. 19M.— Sealed proposals for fur-
nUhln? and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
. of flee, -will be received here until 11 o'clock
a m.. Saturday. November 28. 1004 and
opened Immediately thereafter In presence of
bidders. Specifications, general Instructions
to bidders and blank fcrms of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major Corny.
$20 000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wheatland for sale, untaxable, bearing 0
per cent, Interest; Ferial 40 years; bids wai
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5, 1804, cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address It. N. MURPHY,
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
SEWING MACHINES AND STrFPX.I~-S.
THE moat wonderful sewing machine on earth |
is the White Grand; two complete machines
In one. See it before buying at the new re-
tail office of th» White, 915 Market st. .
ALL makes; 2d hand, $2. $5, $7, $9; new,$4..$9;
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic '
B. M. Co.. 145 Sixth : st. :. tel. Jessie 3794.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family, use; best '
Is cheapest: second-hand all -makes at any
price: all kin_»e rented lowest rates. Domes-
> tie office. K-i Market st.; near Sixth.
at.t. kinds ' second-hand $3, $5, $8; slightly
. used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
.swing in the -window. 1051 Market st -
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBFXK. 1915 Mission st
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly j
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. * [|
I , BTOP D__r_WQ.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form;
mailed in olaln package: has cured thou-
aands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. 8.F.
TYPEWRITERS AITS SUPPLIES.
AN~excepttonally good No. 2 Remington, No. I
Smith "Premier, .. $25;- other, typewriters at
- higher and lower. prices; rentals $2 50. The
¦ Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st'
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
I - Webster , Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 308 Market
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly, CalL
• -16 rages, in wrapper.' for mailing. SI per, year.,
• • DrV-DE-TD NOTICES.: ''
THE f regular monthly dividend "of 1 5 - cents -per
:. share : on . the : preferred " stock = of 1 the i United
Milk Company is now payable at the office I
of tie company at 624 Montgomery. st. •
>~f CE— I— .W~0P3— ~OB SA_B.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ¦ i. -¦ .
'Have you- a leaky tin, . shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Rooflng. | It Is best
for old and new roofs, and .for. valleys, gutters,
decks balconies, etc. Mastic - Root Paint and
Roofing Cement will Jitpp email leaks. Write
us about It Elaterlte Rooflng Co., 713 Market
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S.-. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for eale on small weekly pay.
mer.ts: goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Btockton at
FOR sale — Commission men or agents, tab*
notice; 7 tons flrst : class ground chile In cold
6tor»Te; want to sell at once. 411 Grant
building. Los Angeles. Cal. -
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear macWnery en-
¦ pines, boilers water, pipe, shaftlny. pulleys,
etc • WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st' ,
A-THE (P. J. Co.) /California virgin g"old
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st. ••- . . , . ,-
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
81 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY "our men's ehoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
.foot-form shoes %t $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st, Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
•monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery Bt., room .12. upstairs. .
MACHINERY for stern-wheel steamer; large
- marine boiler. 50 and 150 h. p. ; surface con-
denser.- JARDINE, £20 Fremont st . r--y-
XRK. 2 rooms. ' 4 beds; cheap. W. C.
DONNELLY, 641 Market St.
NICKEL-IN-SLOT upright Reglna; 12 tunes;
new; cheap. (H.T Commercial »t ". '. - -
HIGHEST cash- price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIX'S. 114, Sutter st. ]
STOVES disconnected . and. connected; $2 50;
plumbing. gasfltng.409 McAllister ;tel. Mint 3(48
TOWEY'S- furniture polish removes spots and"
. etalns; . free delivery. 370 Fell st. .• -
i GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
. lowest prices. Price Pump. Co., 623 Market st ¦
SAFES and cash - registers. . new : and second- '
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st '.».,
2D-H AND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co..". 1607 Market .
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for tale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY' LOAN" A TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, palntin*.
• Hartmann Paint Co., 819 Third; tel. Mam 413.
DESKS " bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
Co.. Mission st: tel. South 811.
liOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
> bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post' st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. ' THE HER-
• MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines-, automobiles and launches;
all eiies. J. E. DOAK. : 48 .Fremopt ,-st. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market *st,'. opposite 'i Fifth-
Open until 11 d. m. " . :-. .
MISCEIi—AyEOtrS -WANTS.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount koqjJ second-hand
. clothing: special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel.. Folsom 3522..
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gent^-cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davl3 £25. C50 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought - for'
" cash. KARL EHER & CO., room 405,' Ad-'
arns bldg.. 20C Kearny Bt.; phone Blaok 3036. <
Levy & Redler, highest price for Rents' cast-off
clothing, shoes: tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
TILTON wants good second. hand- clothing and
,. theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 3016.
£ )\ MONEY TO tOAK. .
-¦ ... .. . : . .-ANY AUOUXT70 1 LOAN. ........
.'- ....INTEREST 51-5-AND-O PER CENT....
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
..- PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
' purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~ "
601-602-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in tnut,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY. s
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate, , '
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location,' etc.
Box 223. Call office. , '
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton "st,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers.
SAURY LOANS-^ ~^~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and couhpous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate-
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 3d Geary, room 3«.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store,
006 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-rhoures, without
security; easy payments; larpe business In 46
principal cities. .. Tolman. 563 Parrott b\dg'
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton St.,
¦ near Market.
TO salaried people without security: on furnl-" 1
ture. indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F; Discount Agency. ¦ 125-127 Fhelan bldg.
PKIVATE^ — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or. chattels- no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 2l!
MONEY to loan it low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. .
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward: rea-
sonable Interest. A. O. Colton, 717, Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California St., rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit. Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311; Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
1 ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st. j
CASH loaned palaried people on nbtes without
Indorter. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages/ sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
. postage paid. * •'
! '¦ ¦ , , . I
MUSICAL IKSTBTTMEBr-S. ' " <
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS
A *mall upright, good order ........$55 1
One a little better, e snap ;.., .. .,..$95
etodart. mahogany case, fine condition.. $135
Grovesteen & Fuller, fall size concert..! 14ft
Fischer, thoroughly repaired ,.3lC0
Bechstein, a high-grade German Instru-
ment »170
Also a Chiekering. ¦ Vose. Stelnway. , Weber,
Mason & Hamlin, Sterling » n d many others.
Easy payments. /BENJ.-CURTAZ & SON. 16
O'Farrell at . . -. .- ,
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent,' $3
¦ per month: one year's rental allowed 'if pur-
chased. -SCOTT- CURT AZ. 560 Hayes st
FOR", honest and fair dealing. Hornung Piano
. House, ¦: 216 McAllister at. . ,..,,, , .
ELEGANT ' uprlghts.new * 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
; ,PIerce'9 Piano Factory, .Market & 14th sta. k ¦
SOHMER,". Byron. Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON . MAUZY. 308-312 Post st. ,
Kfcvv upright! pianos, sold .on $5 monthly pay-
ments. fCHMITZ - & CO., 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway.up; Chlekering baby grand;
Shonlnger. > little used.' KeeOe'a. - 2S5 C? Farrell.
ifl_«iffilrTrftftfr?TfT'-^
r_TP— OY-CEBT? WAHT-P — *rET.— -
AN A No. 1 ahoe salesman, wifch twelve years'
, \; -.--itnce as head of department In one of
iaest stores m Pan Francisco, is anxious
for ft place ia or out of city; r»n furnish
'f: ct references; am 30 years old; am <m-
ployed at present, but anxious to better ~y
ror.dUion. Fcr _n Interview iddrets box 179,
Call offic*. ,
A a- FIRST-CLASS painting, paper hanging,
?:r.U£g anfl decorating by thoroughly experi-
cr-.e*& mechanic, by the day or Job; work
r-a— inteed. 1454 DeviEidero st
A Riddle-aged and single, wisfces a
r.-!__tion u clerk in grocery etore and bax-
rn; sood references. W. BOHL1NG 417
K.e*xny «t
HOSnSOy wanted cleaning stalls, windows,
'•-*. or will do general chores and garden-
ing in private place. Address H. B.. 613
liijztgtxsiery at
UAHBER, A— lerteaa. temperate. 6 years' ex-
perience, wants position; city or country.
Address box 340. Call.
YOUNG man wants « aplo— rr.ent of any kind.
Box 197. Call office.
HOTEL clerk; experienced.^ good referenoe. Box
104. C— 1 Cffloe.
AN A Ne. 1 shoe aa-esaan, with twelve years'
'Xi-ent-r.ee as be__ of department in one of
the £aest stores in Ban F~_n otseo, 1» anxious
for a place In or out cf city: can furnish
best rtf m'flirrirnee; ara 80 y«ars old; am em-
ployed at prefect but asxlous to better my
co_£.ltio_ For aa — tarvic— address box 179,
Call offloa.
A COUPLE ecr.lr.g fro— i E— t w_ positions;
man thcroughly eon ipetcct la all branches of
horticulture, care ho— • ea. tend cows, also
good earpcstari wife crst-elaas cook: good
r«f erenoes. Call all week. MR. MORRIS. 163
Mi nr *a st
1£IDDL_-AGED zr_n would lit* to have po-
i :t3cr. as workleur fore— aa oa asparagus
ranch; experienced; worked at Sacran lecto,
Boulda lalana. Alvlso. GEO. BROWN.
Ba.£en. Eouth Ban Frandsoo.
GERMAN, tnlfidle ag«, wants position as vege-
table or flower gardener: understands prua-
in£, Is hacdy wit hcarpenter tools and ua-
flerstar.rts also to care for horses; city or
country. Box 160, Cs-1 oifloe.
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery man
wants poaltlon as clerk, salesman, collector
or harn*.!e grocers' epeclaltlee; well acquaint-
ed la city. Please address H. BRODERSEN.
coal yard. 441 O'Farrell st.
DETECTIVES — CccUesaa and lady of thor-
ough experience will take any case; eatlsfao-
tion guaranteed; terms reasonable and '
Btrtctly confidential. Box 118. Call of floe.
DRUGGIST. 23, T years' experience, speaks
German. English, Frencii. best refereno«e,
wishes position; phone R*d 4S93. BRUNO
LOEWE, 310 Mason st. city.
A YOUNG German goods salesman, knowl-
•dre of Englieb, French. Ruaslaa. desires
position In big mercantile bouse; best refer-
ences. Box S47, Call c'f.ce.
YOUNG Eastern zn&n wants steady employ-
ment; no caioon work; dishwashing, pcrter or
janitor, or will Co any kind of honeet work.
Bex 147. Call.
I-XPERIENCED, trustworthy yousg maa
wants position as gardener; handy with
tools; not alraid to work: tend to horse, milk;
references. Box 883. Call office.
AN expert stenographer and typist (owns rna-
chlte) wants «xtra work; at liberty after 4
p. tn. and all day Saturdays; verbatim re-
porting. Box .'.__. Call.
ELDERLY man. small, neat, active, intelli-
gent, wants place; messenger, watchman or
Bog 44.5. Call.
GARDENER wants position : Is also flret-clafcs
coach— _n; sober ar.d reliable: best city and
country references. Box CS, Call offioe.
ELDERLY active man as choreman or take
care of hcrse and gardes: wages $10 per
month. Box 657, CalL
FinST-CLAES colored man would like a po-
-lUon tn rrlvate family &_ butler or cook.
Apf.ly at luufi Clay Et
COACHMAN: thoroughly competent; willing
and obliging; can also care for garden a&d
rr.'.'.k: good references. Box 63, Call office.
AN tllfc.rO ••¦--¦ wants work in a small stable,
lo&ttlrie-kn-jee *>r acj- kind of light work. Ad-
"givfc, box C3. C-Jl office.
BOOK KEEPER; buyer, time. »tock or supply
c>rk. by coaipdteat man on railroad, in mill,
mite cr caxp. Box tT'J, Call office.
WANTED — A position as helper to a photo-
graph printer to perfect myself in commer-
¦-:jl1 photography. Box 934, Call.
A RELIABLE rr.an deciree any kind position
cf trutt; experienced in wine and liquor busi-
ness. Address box "¦••. Call office.
GERMAN*. S5 years cf age, steady and sober,
used to hard work, wishes any kind of work.
\ddre*» J. F.. 135 Third St.. B. F.
UAIIEER wants work evenings and Satunlay
and gungay: first -class barber. Box 146. Call.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building.
»ant* work. Box 173. Call.
WANTED— By ftret-cla-s barber, position In
ihcrt-hour thep. Box 47S. Call office.
CARRIAGE painter, rtriper and letterer will
go anywhere. Addrese box «T. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; has had
eome experi»rce at housework. Box 66, CalL
BOSS barber, steady rr.an. wanu $4 50 day;
weekly place. Box 131, Call.
WOODTURNER, first cla*s. good shop— orker.
wants steady position. Hoehclsch. «39 Jessie.
JAPANESE boy wants place as schoolboy or
ii*ht work: afternoon for himself; -peaks
fair Er.g!igh. Bo» €9. Call.
TOCKQ JcpaJ:*-«e bey wants a position as
school boy. A. B.. 1304 Post st: phone
Putter 4 122.
JAPANESE, experienced waiter, wants steady
roriti'-n or by the hour. TAKA FUJI 121 0B
Larkln st.
JAPAXHSE boy wants a portion a- schoolboy
or to <5o housework. Address 703 La r kin st;
rhcr.e Park £782.
JAPANESE, nice boy, wants a siutation as
-rhoolbey: speak* Er.gliEh; wages no object.
M. S.. 130H Larkln *t.
GOOD Japanese -.arts a position to do cook-
ing or housework- !n a nice family. J. NA-
KAI. 023 1» Washington ft. '
A YOUNG Japan»*e boy wants position as
schoolboy. GEORGE, 414 Etevenscn St.; phone
_Howar- 1276. ?
A GOOD Ja^anes* boy wants a position as
f-r-.oolboy in city; wages no object H.
FRANK. S15 Eddy st.
r XK>K. first-class. Japanese, wants position:
r^A references; wages t8 a week up; phone
Hyde 1675. H. NAK.AMT.TiA. 417 Jones st
*APAX_E_ boy wants cooking and house-
•rorkj 14 x we-k up; phone Hyde IC75. L
__T>.MOTQ, 417 Jones et.
JAPANF.RE. f.rst-rla«* !aundrv~an. wants a
fltuat t. In rrivate rainljy: city or country;
rfferetices. J. a.. 130H, Laj-kln st
JA tf "^TTT"- _°* M like to work in family. A.
H ¦ <¦¦ U:r.r.a «t.
ECZ_nHA_CTJBE.
fl or b£P ¦&"*<*»• « ««_C?*_t rb-_ I
gX>AT3 TO LET. ]
~~ ~~j
A— HOUSES and fiat* :o ;et; an Immense Il«t-
______
COTTAGES, hiuse, and flat, to let- everv aL
tlrable vacant place in P»« vL' e \ erv ae ~
cur jw, , : service* fl £S
si p^7_s sjiuirsr
near Nineteenth. . . "01a.es it.,*
MODERN urper flat, 5 rooms and s-t*,"
S22 CA S_ TWty.f our \T.t. nd T^ t £, ,„;?
n t^^1o.^^Iev^^
SANCHEZ. 115 — A new modern flat of~7
rocras; rent reasonable. * l of T
REDUCED— Modem sunny upper flat 7 laree
rooms; going to Montana. 017 Jones st
near Bo-h; ¦ phone Lorkin 4125. -
S*OOM earner flat completely rurnished: in
f»4 ccnCitioa; cheap. Box 18S, Call office. '
_^^^^«-^5?TRATjiRGEXoTs!
¦*X)WEST PRICES IN THE CITT.
If you want a good, large lot at a moderate
price, look at those we are offering in the
Jordan Tract (near California st and First
i aVe ' PIUCES $1650. $1700. $1500, $1850. V>"
No lots less than 30 feet front; nearly all
, lots 33:4x120. .
Streets 80 feet wide, graded, sewered and
macadamized. Water and gas on the tract.
TERMS— FIFTH CASH, -BALANCE IN ONE.
TWO. THREE AND FOUR YEARS.
Building restrictions pronibittng the erection
of any building for other than residence pur-
poses. Including not more than 2 flats to a
lot. are enforced. No stores, etc. These re-
strictions and the large lots, together with the
low prices make it safe for you to buy and
build.
LoU adjoining this property are selling tor
much more money. Where can you buy for 554
a front foot land as desirable or as apt to Im-
prove as this? Excellent car facilities— Eddy,
Eacramento. Sutter and Oeary st. lines. Send
for diagram with prices.
LYON A IIOAG.
116 Montgomery st.
TWO ARTISTIC HOMES.
SOMETHING NEW IN STYLE.
Just completed. . on th« comer of Parnassus
and WUIard sts.; SO ft corners*. 9 rooms and
bath; up-to-date In every respect; for sun. light
and view cannot be excelled.
Take Ellis or Halght st cars and transfer
to Masonic ave. which will bring you right to
the property; unsurpassed 'view of Golden Gate
Park and the ocean. Take somebody along
with you who understands building If yoa need
any pointers.
Don't forget to look at them, even If yea
don't buy.
Price. $*000 and $S300.
Agent will be on band from 10 tin 4 o'clock.
HOAO & LANSDALE,
IPS MONTGOMERY BT.. 8. ~,
SOME MORE BOLD.
$1 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Excelsior j Homestead- Tract:
level as a billiard table; on grada; dose to
fine school and Mission street electric cars:
bound to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, ftn» lots, near
Ocean Boulevard: best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas. _
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Main 8704.
FOR sale— Extra well built new house; only
one left of 22 recently built In this block: ca
A6hbury Heights; a locality of elegant homes;
( superb view; this home is the home of home
1 building; contains 7 rooms (all sunny), base-
ment and attic: plenty cf large closets; we
have a model' kitchen; you never saw one
like lt: it will pay you to Inspect this horns.
893 Clayton ft. 3 blocks south of Haight;
JOHN STIERLEN, owner, on premises.
FOR BALE.
$5500 TO $6000.
Four extra well finished Colonial and Mis-
sion style houses of 8 rooms each; lots extra
width; Fifth ave. and Hugo sts.. one block
from the Park. Housee open dally for ln-
ipection.
A CONSERVATIVE INVESTMENT. .
On a large lot. 38x156 ft, centrally located
In the Mission, are 6 flats of 4 and 5 rooms,
with baths: price $12,500; rents $112 month-
ly: all rented and always rented; best renting
neighborhood In Mission.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 312 Buah st
CHEAP home: new. modern cottage; high
-tasement and attic; all street work com-
plete: easy terms. Inquire on premises, 4378
Mission st
$6500 — UP-TO-DATE ft-room residence. Just
finished; R15 Fell St., near FlUmore; open
for Inspection from 1 to 3 p. m. ; this la a
bargain; see this before going elsewhere.
FOR sale— $8500; W22 Leavenworth et, bet.
Clay and Washington; fine residence of 9
sunny rooms, bath, large basement furnace,
storerooms ; marine view. Call 2 to 4.
$1400— TXRMS If desired; 36-ft. front; block
cf 19th and Valencia; street work complete.
The Dolan Ca. 1C07 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you, lot included,
any location, en $1 23 per week. . Mutual
Home Building Association, 427 Crossley bid.
A NEW S-room residence. Just completed; see
owner. 625 Seventh ave., Richmond.
HOUSES built cheap; plans free. Builder,
room 436, Parrott building.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers, S36 Howard st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 paires. In wrapper, for malllnar. SI per year
SAW MATEO
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electric
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-off" will Join
the main line; BO-foot lota from $400 up.
terms from *10 to f50 down and balance at
rate of $10 a month: sewer and water pipes
In front of every lot; pure artesian well
water; over one-half lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
In this desirable section; take the electric
ears and get off at "LOMITA PARK" and
Investigate: maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO.,
116 California St.; Tel. Main 673.
BE AIi rSTATE TO EICHAyOB.
* TOR^A^E^R^E^CHANGE^
160-acre fruit ranch, in full bearing; mostly
peaches. 10 acres alfalfa, splendid buildings.
all necessary fruit houses, drier and trays,
in fact fully equipped for handling; the crop;
price $23,000; will sell on easy terms or ex-
change for good property In San Francisco or
Oakland; good reasons for selling.' J. H.
EDSON. sole agent. 14 and 15 Bacon block,
Oakland. Cal. ,
BKAT. ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — To rent, 5 or 10 acres, with house
and barn: must be good improvements. - Ad-
dress R. B., Acampo, care of R. Bryan. R.D.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE,
: . — $3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st. Berkelay; S
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern;
sunay expesure; fine view; «asy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st.
Oakland. ~},<\
FOR sale— Modern 6-rocrn house, nearly new.
near North Berkeley station; price $3500;
easy terms. Apply to owner, O. G. MAY.
2231 Cedar St. Berkeley.
BESKEIEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 University ave. : a fine,
modern house; central location. A. H. W1L-
SON. - - * .- ¦- -;..- -. ¦ .-¦ :;:-"-. -
OAKLASi) ADVERTO'lTTa
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAK— AITP B— IL ESTATTO.
DON'T miss this! Must be sold at once. Ele- ,
gant Queen Anne. 6 rooms, modern hotue;
sunny slds of street; paneled dining-room;
pillared arch from reception hall to parlor:
Quaker fireplace;, porcelain bath; open
plumbing; larg*. sunny porch, with turned
posts; open lawn; cement walks around house
and only S short blocks "from train; swell
neighborhood : price - $3230. including large
gaa range and vent hood; Deasy water heat-
er: only-small cash payment required. $2500 —
Cozy bungalow cottage. 6 rooms; close 'to
trains; walking distance from Hth st. and
Broadway; small cash payment, with balance
like rent; lot 37x100.
Elegant corner lot 32x95, on Telegraph
ave. ; walking distance from 14th - st. and
Broadway; finest location for flats or resi-
dence. Two new $10,000 residences just
completed, oa opposite corners, making this
corner one of the best locations in town;
will build to suit buyer.
Also 2 inside lots, 32x95 $2000 each.
..KREISS A. HORSWILL.
The New Real Estate Firm,
1070 Broadway.
AN exceptional opportunity to secure'* strictly
- up-to-date and first-class apartment-bouse,
centrally located, en a prominent corner: large
net Income, which can be Increased: long
lease; parties with" highest references only
need apply. HARRY L. HOLCOMB. - 314
San Pablo ave., Oakland. . CaL
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont:
fine neighborhood; good location: near car
line;. will sell cheap; must be seen to be ap-
predated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th st.
gpn ttAT t -ft
TO-MORROW' the day 'for bargains tn furni-
ture. H. Echelhaas. 11th st..cor.atore,Oa_iaa4George Frederick Watts,, the great
English ; artist, who died recently . in
London, rarely worked ; from a living
subject, but modeled . fragmentary
studies in wax and clay for; particular
parts, of, the figures I of i his pictures '
This t patriarch of painters; said. in' ref-"
erencejto his principal works ithat one
ofihls great alms was jto take the.ter
ror away from death. -
arrived'.
Thursday, Nov. 24 ¦
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half •
moon Bay.
Stmr Anro. Dunham. 34 hours from Eel
River.
Br ship Peter Iredale, Lawrence, 167 days
from Antwerp.
Stmr Asuncion, Bri<!gett, 53 hours from As
toria.
SAILED.
' Thursday, Nov. 24
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
ATICTORIA— Balled . Nov 24— Stmr UmatlHa
for, San Francisco, towed to v Port Townsend
Br ship Engelhorn.'
Passed in Nov . 24-^-Nor stmr Vikio*. from
Astoria, for Ladysmith.
Sailed Nov 24 — Br itmr Moana, for Van
couver.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br ship Iredale— Had strong SW and'
W tales off Cape Horn; carried away three
lower fbpsalls; on Sept 14, in a > strong . west
erly gale, a boy by the name of Leon Gossln
was washed overboard and lost. ~
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 24.— The following
visitors from San Francisco registered
at the California building: I. ]2. Has
sell, Mrs. J. M. Ary wolds, W. I. Wood
and wife, Mrs. T. W. Shepherd, Mrs.
N. C. Roeber, C. H. Briggs and wife.
C. R. McNelll and wife, H. Runyon,
A. Voorman, H. C. Somers and wife,
Mrs. J. : Harris, Mrs.' J. J. Sollas, Mrs.
M.V.' Schmidt, G.E. Tennant, Mrs. C.
E. Bishop, E. B. Gossard.
Names of Many Callfornians on Visit
ors' Book at Exiwsition.
SAN FRANCISCANS AT THE FAIR
hardwood tvees four or five feet in
diameter, with clear trunks eighty feet
up where the first limbs begin. As a
rule the largest trees have not been
felled, owing to'a lack«pf facilities.
The 23,000,000 acres o( thg island of
Mindanao are almost entirely covered
by forest. At least 10,000,000 acres of
this Is virgin timber. The island of
Negro has been cut over thoroughly
for years, but attention is now being
given, there to forest preservation.
The Forestry Bureau has listed 665
species of native trees. Of most of
these little is known^but their names.
Some of them are used for paving
blocks and answer the purpose better
than stone. ,
In some places there are streams of
sufficient size to bring logs from the
forest tp tide water.
The insular Government has Issued
an illustrated pamphlet giving these
and many more facts about the Phil
ippine woods, and this is distributed to
visitors, to the exhibit here.
The Rev. Carlton A. Staples, pastor
of the First Parish Unitarian church
of Cexington, Mass., has just cele
brated the fiftieth anniversary of his
ordination and settlement over the
Unitarian church in Meadville, Pa.
Money — 2%@3 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 3 1-16 -per cent and for three
months* bills 2 15-16@3 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 8SVi N Y Central 138%
Do for acct.S8 3-16 Nor & Western... 76»i
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 04
Atchison 01$, Ont & Weetern... 41$
Do pfd ..lC6Vi Pennsylvania 69V4
Bait & Ohio OS % Rand Mines UU
Can Pacific 136% Readlns 39
Ches & Ohio 50% Do 1st pfd. 45
Chi Great West.. 24% Do 2d pfd 41
De Beers 1SV4 So Railway 359J
Den & Rio G 32% Do pfd 87%
Do pfd S7 So Pacific 6-SH
Erie 30^J Union Pacific ....118%
Do lat pfd 73% Do P fd •••• 21.,
Do 2d pfd...... M%U S Steel 27%
111 Central ......163 Do pfd 93%
Ixjuis & Nash 142*4 Wabash 24
It. K & Texas... 34% Do pfd 46%
Bar silver — Uncertain: 27d per ounce.
Two Kansas papers, the Wichita
Eagle and the Lawrence Gazette, are
trying to establish for William Mat
thewson of Wichita the right to the
title of "Buffalo BilK" now worn so
conspicuously by Colonel Cody. "Mat
thewson was known as 'Buffalo Bill*
long before Cody was heard of," de
clares the Gazette, "but Cody took the
name and "made money and fame out
of it, while Matthewson sought
neither. There is not an old settler
or the border but knows that Bill
Matthewson earned and for years car
ried the title . that afterward made
Cody famous." — Chicago Chronicle.
The Real "Buffalo Bill."
CHICAGO, Nov. 24. — Colonel Ellas
Elkins, a newspaper man employed at
various times in different cities of the
Northwest and at the time of his
death connected with the Chicago
Chronicle, died to-day of a complica
tion of nervous ailments at the age of
76 years.
Aged Journalist Answers Call.
Among Archie Roosevelt's chums is
a young gentleman who would seem to
have a hollow in his head where the
bump of veneration is usually found.
The President was chatting with a dis
tinguished caller the other day when
his telephone bell rang somewhat per
sistently. Appearances indicated that
attendants were busy in other parts of
the White House, so the President ex
cused himself and went to answer the
repeated call. This is the conversa
tion that took place on the line, ac
cording to the testimony of the dis
tinguished gentleman at the Presi
dent's end of it: "Well, what is it?"
"Hello. This is Jack. Is Archie
there?" "No, he's not." "Who's this
rm talking to?" '-'The President."
"Well, you'll do. Tell Archie to come
over and play ball." And the Presi
dent proceded to execute the order as
directed. — Chicago Chronicle.
The President Would "Do."
Garaventa" had only been in this
country a little over a year, having
come here from Italy, where he has a
wife and child.
He was employed at a cannery on
Seventh street and lived at B13 Potrero
avenue. His brother, Angelo. who has
been ten years in San Francisco and
lives at 449 Filbert street, is greatly up
set over the sad affair.
The weather, was clear and they had
a perfect view of the harbor, but they
could see nothing of the swimmer.
The two men stayed on the beach
till late in" the afternoon and finally
gave up "hopes of their companion re
turning. On their way back to the
city they met Patrolman E. H. Fair
weather, to whom they told the stery,
and to him they handed over Garaven
ta's effects. In the pockets of the
pants was found $7, a pipe and a ra
zor. - V^T
for the return of Garaventa. They
climbed up on the rocks and gazed
about the bay. •
In the southwestern^ islands there
are more \ than ; 4,000.000 ¦' acres of pri
meyar forest, extending from the wat
er's edge ; to the ' summit of the moun
tains. A littlecutting has been done on
the. edges of belt. ; 'These
islands' are, celebrated for the great
quantities ; of ( narra; or ' Philippine ma
hogany,'' molaye and calantus, the
Philippine -"cedar. In ":¦'¦ this ) t forest] are
COUNTRY IS RICH IN WOOD.
The Filipino soldiery is to achieve a
social triumph before the fair clfl^es.
The proprietress of a large female sem
inary is to give a ball in their honor,
a nd the young ladies of the school will
entertain them, dancing being the main
amusement. All the enlisted men of the
constabulary are to be there.
Several of the children In the native
villages at the fair are to be adopted
by American families and remain in
this country.
When the woods from the Philippines
are placed on 'exhibition in the Com
mercial Museum In San Francisco In
quiry concerning the resources of the
Islands in this particular will be stimu
lated, and investigators will find facts
and figures that will surprise them.
There are 50,000,000 acres of forest land
In the Philippines. : More than '40,000^)00
acres of this is the property of the
United States. Pine, cedar, mahogany
and hundreds of other hard woods, val
uable dye woods 'and rubber and gutta
percha trees exist in immense quanti
ties. Under the system of forest pres
ervation in the islands only the full
grown trees can be cut, leaving t the
smaller trees to grow. The yearly
growth of new timber is placed , 'at
.1,400,000,000 cubic feet— about ' three
times the cut, of timber in the United
States. A very small percentage of the
annual growth is beingutillzed.
A remarkable thing about the native
Filipinos at the' fair has been that
their health has been the best during
the cold weather. In _ the ' St. Louis
summer^ time, which one would think
the best for Filipinos, there was an
average of twenty-five a day on the
sick list. Now there are about five a
day. Some of the natives are used to
cold weather, as they live in the
mountains, where the thermometer
drops to 42. — :V±
WILL ENTERTAIN FILIPINOS.
Under the law the Smithsonian Insti
tution has the first selection of the
materials, but through some oversight
the Philadelphia Museum, whose head
was for some time . chairmen of the
Philippine Board, was promised first
choice- It has been decided to give
them duplicates as far as possible, that
there may be no friction.
Some of the exhibits will go back to
the' islands. All the ethnological ma
terial will return there, though it will
probably make a stop at Portland. To
secure a first-class Philippine exhibit
frtm the material at hand at the Lou
isiana Purchase^ Exposition . will cost
the Oregon city in the neighborhood of
$40,000. '
Furniture men have been greatly in
terested in the various odd articles of
furniture made from bamboo that the
Filipino's exhibit. The popularity of
these articles with the public has
caused the American manufacturers to
look on them as quite salable and all
the bamboo In the buildings erected by
the Filipinos will be bought up .and
usffl in making furniture after the pat
tern of that exhibited.
. A. L. Lawshe of Wabash, Ind., audi
tor of the Philippine Islands, who was
sent here to take charge at a time
when It looked as if the financial re
sources of the Islands would- be, taxed
to carry on the exhibit, so great was
th'e salary roll and other expenses,
thinks the insular government will g-et
out with a total x expenditure of less
than- three-quarters of a million dol
lars. It was the original intention to
expend $500,000. The expense up to
September 30 was $1,320,485. The Louis
iana Purchase Exposition gave $189,
423 as aid and the receipts from va
rious sources to September 30 were
$312,000, leaving a total expense of
$819,042. Since September 30, great cuts
having been inaugurated, the expense
has been much less.^ The salvage from
the exhibit will amount to consider
able.
CALJ, BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
ING. WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS.
Nov. 24.— Several museums of the
country are to be enriched through the
Philippine exhibit at the World's Fair.
Large commercial museums, among
others, will secure material that is val
uable to them. All the institutions
that have applied for material will
send a man to select,- pack and ship
it. San Francisco has- made no direct
selection and has not arranged to send
any one to secure anything from the
Philippines as. far as known here, but
her commercial museums will get some
of the material, nevertheless.
The insular government is trying to
get out of its World's Fair venture
with as small an expenditure as pos
sible, its vaults not bulging with coin,
and it will give nothing away. Those
articles that it has no further use for
and the museums want, they must
purchase. Some of tne material the
Government will merely lend to mu
seums and reserve the right to v with
draw it whenever it wlsnes to make
another exhibit. In both cases the ex
pense of packing and shipping must
be paid' by the museums.
The polished woods, which have been
the marvel of all who have seen them,
are to be divided equally among eight
large cities. They will remain the
property of the insular government
San Francisco will get a share of them
arid a valuable addition will be made
to her museum thereby. The Smith
sonian Institution and the Field Mu
seum are among those which are to
receive valuable articles from the Phil
ippines.
SALARY ROLL IS CUT.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 24.— It was learned
to-night that Prince Fushimi, cousin of
the Emperor of Japan, recovered the
jewels, the report of which loss caused
general consternation yesterday. The
jewels were recovered in even a more
mysterious manner than they disap
peared.
The last seen of the Jewels, according
to members of the Prince's suite, was
when the Prince retired last Monday
night he laid them on a dressing table
in his apartments. Just previous to his
departure the day after. Prince Fushimi
and the members of his suite had been
absent from their* room for several
hours, the Prince was Informed that
the missing jewels had been found on a
table in an adjoining room in which, it
Is said, the* Prince had not been during
his stay in St. Louis.
An effort was made to maintain se
crecy in the recovery of the gems and
no report of the matter was made to
the local 'police or detective depart
ments.
Bla&lo Garaventa, an Italian lab
orer, went swimming in the bay yes
terday morning off Baker's Beach and
when about half a mile from s shore
suddenly disappeared from view and
has not been seen since. Garaventa,
with two companions, Andrew Podes
ta and Louis Patroni, were out for a
day's outing. When they arrived at
Baker's Beach some one suggested
that they gather mussels. ¦
Garaventa went in swimming while
the others clambered about the rocks.
For a while he kept in close to shore
and seemed to be enjoying himself.
Suddenly he 'struck out toward the
channel. His two companions watched
him for a while and then went on try
ing to pick mussels off the rocks. Half
an hour elapsed and they began to look
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Polished Woods Are to Be
Divided Equally Among
.Eight of the Large Cities
Diamonds Are Found on a
Dressing Table in a Room
the Noble Had Not Visited
Displays Aquatic Feats Then
Disappears From Sight in
Channel of the Harbor
.MATERIAL IS VALUABLE
WAS AT HOME IX WATER
SECKECY IS ATTEMPTED
Portion of the Philippine
Exhibit at the World's Fair
to Be Purchased by Them
Jewels Stolen From Apart
ments of Fushiini Eestored
in a Very Mysterious Way
Biagio Garaventa Goes Swim
ming Off Bakers Beach and
Fails to Keturn to Shore
MUSEUMS WILL
BE BENEFITED
PRINCE'S RINGS
ARE RECOVERED
SWIFT CURRENT
CLAIMS VICTIM
Charles G. and Rose E. Stuhr to William F.
and Marie W. Schelle. lot on W line of San
chez i-treet, 56:6 N of Duncan, N 28:0 by W
SO; 110.
Oscar Heyman to George T. Davis. lot on S
line of Twenty-seventh street, 80 E of Noe, E
l«0 by S 114, quitclaim deed; $ .
Alexander Vensano (surviving partner of F.
Danerl & Co.) to same.' same; $1750.
William H. and Claribel King to Myrtle A.
Ap. Lynne. lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street.
240 E of Castro. E 52 by S 114; $10.
Same to Maurice C. Klttredge. lot on S line
of Twenty- fifth street. 292 E of Castro, E 28
by S 114; $10.
Maurice C. and Alice M. Klttredge to Caro
line Revalk. came; $10.
Sophie P. or Sophia P. Haight to Henry E5.
Bothln lot on NW line of Natoma street 75
SV.' of Second. SW 25 by NW 46; $10.
Adam and Anna Neuman to Julius Haag
and Max Weiss, lot on SE line of Harrison
street. 410 NE of Fifth. NE 32:6 by SE 1C0;
S10.
Agnes V. Lynch to Townsend Company, lot
on SE line of Townsend street, 250 SW of
Seventh SW 25. SE 177:6. NE, 10. NW 17:6.
NE 15. NW 160; also all Interest in lot on
SW line of Seventh street. 160 SE of Towns
end, SB 35 by SW 265; also all interest in 100
vara block 326; $10.
Bay District Land Company to Gottlieb T.
Knopf, lot on W line of- Third avenue, 95 N
of B street. N 5 by W 240; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Third ave
nue. 100 N of B «tre*t. N 400 by W 120; $10
Albert Meyer to William H. Alford lot on W
line of Forty-eighth avenue. 201 N of B street
N 70 by W 24.0; $10.
Jacob and Bertha G. Weiasbeln to Ertmond
Godchaux. lot on NE corner of Forty- sixth
avenue and D street, E 65 by N 140; $10.
City Realty ' Company (corporation) to Jessii
D. Seale, lot on NW; corner, of Second avenue
and I street. N 35 by W95; $10.
City and ,.County : of San ; Francisco • to Jacob
Heyman Cotppany. lot ; on - E .- line • of Forty
seventh •: avenue. 100 N ' of K - street,- N • 5u bv
E 120; I *
Ellen P, lien to Solomon Getx, lot on E
Adtle and Jonas* Ottenburg to Charles and
Josephine Kinzel, lot on S line of Sacramento
street, 137:6 E of Maple. E 27:6 by S 132:7%;
flO.
Montell, L. Pauline, Churchill and Augusta
V. Taylor to Charles K. Blender, lot on S line
of Fifteenth street. 25 W of Sharon. W 75 by
S 100; $10.
Carl G. and Dora Berg to Catherine ' Smith,
lot on W line of Florida street, 135 S of Twen
ty-first. K i'5 by W 100: $10.
John Center to Emil H. and Madeline Miller,
lot on E line of Bryant street. 127 S of Twen
tieth. S 25 by E 100; $10.
James K. Prior to Tillie Andrews (life estate,
remainder over to children), lot on E line of
Guerrero street, 336:9Vt S of Twenty-fourth,
E 31 by E 123; gift..
Lizzie Lobree to William and Mae E. Ban
koweki. let on B line of Sacramento street.
129:3 E of Fillmore, E 51:0 by S 132:7ft; $10.
Constantine or Constantino and Aurelia Le
pori to Auguste and Eliza Lacrolx, lot on N
line of Union street, 37:6 E of Stelner, E 25 by
Is* C2.6; $10.
Horace D. and Rosalie Wateon to William
T. and Grace Barttrum, lot on E line of Pierce
street. 137:6 S of Greenwich, S 22:11. E 1(J2:9
NE 23. W 107: $10.
George E. and Emmeline L>. Batcp to Eleanor
V. Le Blond (wife of F. C), lot on N line of
Union street, 250 E of Baker. N 137:6, E 11:3,
SE 109:5, S 44, W 59:6; |10.
Frank C. Le Blond to Eleanor V. Le Blond,
tame; rift.
Ernst and Elenore Klein to F. C. and Louise
H. Kaufmann. lot on SW corner of Fulton and
Lyon streets. W 31:3 by S 100; $10.
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 23.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ella J. and Harper A. Smith to H. A.
Bensen (married), lot on N line of San Jose
avenue. 50 W of Willow street W 50 by N
120. portion of lot 8, In E half of block M
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
W. R. and Mary L. Cluness to Mary E and
Mabel T. Cluness, lot on E line of Broadway
750 S of Central avenue, said point being NW
corner of block 14. thence along N line of
said block 14 140:2, S 9»:6 W 140-2 N 93
to beginning, lot 1 and fractional portion of
lot 2, block 14. map of subdivision of half-acre
lot of Hays & Caperton Tract, Alameda; gift
Jonas I. and Addle R. Bowers to John II.
and Elta M. Badgett. lot on W line of Ells
worth street. 50 N of Ashby avenue. N 10 by
W 45. portion of lot 17 block C, Suburban
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Frederick H. and Virginia F. Dakln to Wil
liam F. Snyder. lot on N line of Rose street,
150 W of Spencer, W 50 by N 127, block 14,
map Berryman Tract, Berkeley; $100.
John M. and Emma S. Foy to John M.
Clark, lot on S line of Blake street 290.C0
W of Shattuck avenue (prior to straightening),
W 75 by S 129.65, lot 8 and portion of lot 7,
block 10, map 4. Shattuck Tract portion of
plat C8, Berkeley; $10.
II. L. and Rebecca Wurtu to Lewis C. Sny
der. lots 8 to 10 and N 5 feet of lot 7, same,
Berkeley; $10.
Thomas C. Berry (single) to T. M. Putnam,
lot on E line of Regent street. 200 S of Derby.
S 50 by E 148, lot 20. block C. Berry-Bangs
Tract, map No. 2, etc., Berkeley, deed and
agreement; $10.
J. R. and Sarafi M. Norris to M. L. Wurts,
lots 1, 11 to 18 and 7 to 10. Snyder Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Charles P. and Mary S. Davis to Anna T.
White, lot on S line of Fifty-third or PIumaB
street, 232.13 E of Grove, E 40 by S 135, lot t>,
block G, map Santa Fe Tract No. 2. Oakland:
$10.
Mabel Pomeroy (single) to Edward E. and
Lucy Force, W half of lot 72%. all lot 73 and
E half of lot 73%, amended map of subdivision
Mosswood Tract, Oakland; $10. -
S. M. Stone (single) to E. P. Vandercook.
lot on N corner of Lewis avenue and Prospect
street. NW 100 by NE 140, lots 1 and 2, block
6. map East Oakland Heights, East Oakland;
$10.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to An
ders Ponten. lot on NW corner of Alcatraz ave
nue and Calais street, N 141:9, W 75. S 142. E
75. lot 1 and E half of lot 2, block B. map
Fubdivlslon S portion of Harmon Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Agues Borland (widow) to Harlow P. Ban
croft, let on E line of Summit street. 114:8 N
of Merrimac or Twenty-eighth, N 37:4 by B
O!».O5. being S 17 feet, lot 17 and N 30:4 of lot
18. Borland property, deed and agreement,
Oakland; $10.
George A. and Alice II. Scott to same, lot on
E line of Summit street. 150 S of Twenty-ninth,
E 90.C5 by S 35. being S 35 feet of lot 15, same,
Oakland; $10.
Edward P. Flint (single) to J. J. Hanifin Jr..
S1Y 40.14 of lot 6 and NE 19.86 of lot 5, block
£• . C lint ~ Tract 4 and P°rtlon of Oakland
Heights; Oakland; $10.
Caroline H. Breed and Arthur H. Breed (and
as attorney) to B. C. Fabrlque, lot 24, Batchel
der Tract. Oakland: $10. . •
Rose Hallahan (widow) to Otis W. Engs. lot
on E line of Market street, 100 N of Thirtieth,
N 60 by E 115. lot 22 and N % of lot 23;
block 2O.'{3. Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
Oakland Home Compar- to Jesse E. Traxler,
lot on N line of Thirty-second street 265 W
of West. W 23. N 04, E to point 01.94 from
beginning of S 91.94 to beginning of portion,
lot 6, block 2041. Rowland Tract. Oakland: $10.
Hannah Greencbaum (single) to J. W. Rick
ley, lot on W line of Grove street.' 84 S of
Twenty-ninth. S M by W 115. lot 5. block D,
map Heary subdivision, Whltcher, Brockhuret
and Roland Tract, Oakland, quitclaim deed* SI.
Susan E. Armes (widow) to Frank Waldo,
lot on NW line of Fourt«-enth and West streets,
W 90 by N 5:10%. lot 12, block A, map block
297, owned by North Oakland Homestead, Oak
lard; $10.
Margaret Davis (executrix of the estate of
Annie Cliear) to S. Fazio, lot on NW corner of
Grove and Fourth streets. W 75 by N 25 lot
22. block 47, Kellcrsberser's Map, Oakland;
$2106.
Louts* C. A. and G. L. C. G. Moller to Fred
R. Tarr, lot on NE corner of Fairview street
and Telegraph avenue. E 124.45. N 88.17, W
100. S 91.49. lots 7. 8 and 9. Moller Tract,
Oakland; $10
Edward M. and Hattle B. Walsh to Edward
D. Bronson, SE 15 feet of lot 37. block A,
map 2. Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland; gift.
Daisy B. and E. A." Howard to Chas*es
Sweeny, lot on N line of Prospect or Twenty
ninth street. 200 E of Hawley E 65 by N
160. portion of lot 2. Board man's Map of sub
division or plat 20. Ranchos V. and D. Peralta,
Oakland; $10.
Fanny K. and Cary Howard to 'same, lot on
N line of Prospect or Twenty-ninth street 205
E of Hawley, E 5 by N 130. portion of lot 2,
same map. Oakland; $10.
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to Robert E.
Wallace, lot on S line of Webster street. 3S6.82
W of Ciaremont avenue, S 227 by E 77, por
tion of plat 75, Kelleraberger's Map of Kan
chos V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley; $10.
Sarah A. McKee. widow (by S. B. McKee,
attorney) to Newton Shelley, lot 14 and E 5
feet of lot 13. block 2. map of Santa Fe Tract
5 (deed and agreement). Berkeley; $10
Same to Sophie A. Schilling lot 15, block 2
same map (deed and agreement), Berkeley; $10
John S. Marshall to Joseph S. Marshall un
divided % of lot on S line of Thirty-seventh
street, 275 W of Grove. W 50 by S 200 lot 8.
block A. Apgar Tract, Oakland, warranty deed;
M. <X Hummel (owner) with S. B. Keyes
(contractor), architect Theodore W. Lenzen —
All work for a two-story and attic frame build
ing on W line of Webster street. 110 N of
Green. 27:6x107:6; $6100.
Grace M. Smith (owner) with G. G. Glllesple
(contractor), architect Henry Shermund — All
work except gas and electric fixtures and win
dow shades for a three-story and basement
frame building on W line of Ashbury street,
129:0 S of Waller, S 30. W 1S6:3. N -r-. B
Aliuiicdn County.
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 23.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles A. and Henrietta E. Laton. to Cath
erine I* JL Dickerson (wife of James H.), lot
on E line cf Ashbury avenue, 150 N of Eight
eenth street, N 25 by B 95. block F. Park Lane,
Tract 4; ?10.
II. Digby Johnston to George H. Roundey, lot
on NE corner of Mansell and Amlferst streets,
E 95 by N 25, lot 5, block 112, University
Mound ; $30.
Virginia and Lulgi Ferea to Achilla and Fll
licina Tassi, lot on NW line of San Jose av
enue. • Ufi0:0 NE of Jarnac, NE 50.-NW-12S.
SW to point. SE 130, lot 3, block 1. Belle
Roche City; $10. - •
Achille and Flllielna Tassi to Fellclanl I.
Romeo, lot on NW line of San Jose avenue,
1103:6 N'E of Jarnac. NE 25, NW 129. SW to
point. SE 130, lot 3. block 1, same; $10.
Tillte and M. J. Rudolph Mohr to L.. F. Coon,
lot on N line of Holloway street. 50' W of
Harrold. W 25 by N 100, lot 3, block F. lake
view; $10.
line of Forty- Hfth avenue, 220 N of L Etreet,
N 25 by E 120; $10. '
, Solomon and Dora Getz to George Cople.- lot
on E line of Forty-eighth avenue. 100 8 of S
street. S 50 byE'W; ?10.
Nicolas Jun»? to Marie C. Kocour, lot on E*
line of .Shotwell utreet. SOW N of Prospect
place, N 25 by E £0, Preclta Valley block 1X0:
also lot on E line of Shotwell utrect. 825 N
of Prospect place, N 25 by f? SO. Precita Val
lfy block 119; also lots 37 and 38, Ducas Tract;
gift.
llary E. Mor«>y to Jacob Heyman Company,
lots 418 and 4U», Silver Terrace Homestead;
110. -
Estate of 'Jacob SchoHeld (Insane) (by Archi
bald Bernard, guardian) to H. A. Powell, un
divided 8-5C0 of , the following: Lot on the W
line of Clara avenue, 840 N Eighteenth street, N
5« by W 188; also lot on NE line of Tenth
street. 225 SB Howard, SE KO by 100; also lot
on W-line of Gould street. 100 N of Salinas. N
60 by W 100, lota 5 and 6, block 3, Garden
Tract Homestead; also lot on W line of Gould
street. 150 N of Salinas. N 25 by W 100, lot 7,
block 3. same; also lot on W line of Gould
strftt. 175 N of Salinas, N 75 by W 100. lots
S to 10, block 3, same; also lot on E line of
Starr street, 175 N of Salinas, N 50 by E 100.
lom 40 and 41. block 3, same; also lota 3 to 6,
block 116, University Mound: also lot on W line
of Main street, 229:2 N of Howard, N 45:10 by
W 337:0 and party wall agreement between -ll
P. Drexler and Whyte and De Rome and Rob
ert Mills, made October 5. 1SS8: $1170.
Virginia and Lulgl Ferea to Achllle and Fil
licina Tassi. lot on NW lino of Jose avenue,
1219:6 NE of Jarnac NE 25. NW 127, SW to
jxilnt of SE 128, lot 3, block 1. Belle Roche
City; $10.
Thomas White to Delia M. White, lot on SW
line of Madrid and Kussia streets. S . 150 by ;
W 200, lots 1 and 8, block 26, Excelsior Home
stead; gift.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1904.
14
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
V SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
of the
HIGHEST, QUALITY
TOILET; SOAP.
Your. Choice of Four Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page tor Further
Particulars.
AUCTION SALES
100 100
Horses, Horses, Horses
THIS DA'S*.
FRIDAY. i\0VcMBER 25th
At 11 o'clock at
International Horse Market
TWELFTH AND HARRISON' ST3. *
By order of C. R. Suggett and James Estt of
J ' Elko. Nev.
L^'I't-J" 11 10 ° nead of CHOICE ring?
HORSES, weighing from 0CO to H0O !bi 7d^
60 head of this stock is well brokeT GooH
heavy bened solid chunk,, suitable '-
tractors and any klnj «? heavy d.^iv'.Vv
«e want Intending purchasers to com* an*
examine this stock thoroughly tefbWtt! da»
?J£H?' V. U has b ** n * lon * tlme "taST-S
a choice lot of young horses have t*~ n put oa
bidder? l ° "• fOfCe<1 OlT t0 the h 's ae «
TO' ? vr *l?r V -T^ e « Ven n-1 ead v f CHOI CE SOUND
TO^.NG MLLES. The above stock must bo
I seen to be appreciated and must and will be
j J2!i S. WATKIX3. Auctioneer.
ft- fe "^
T0==70==T0
HEAD AT AICTIO\!
,_5* heaA broke horses., weighing from 11C0 ta
1i0i> pounds.
25 head unbroke, from 10CO to 13C0 pounds.
Consigned by
C. R. SUGGETT, LAKEVIEW, ORE.
One of the bt>st consignments of all-purpos*
* Horses ever offered at auction In this city.
SALE MONDAY November 28/04.
At 11 a. m. sharp.
220 Valencia street.
WESTERN HOUSE MARKET.
_ _ E. STEWART. Auctions*.
P. a. — N'o outside horses will be offered.
RAILWAY TRAVEIj.
I sf^ti*^. T*»l«» !••?• »¦« »»• <tm«
' (SC^T')'r\ 8AN FRANCI3CO.
I \"'Q*~~^5~/(J/ r *°* OCTOBM "0. 190*.
Nfl^ y Fimt Dxtot
\1S (Toot of Market Street i
j i-.at, _ MAIN LINE. -a»»its'
700a V»ci»Tllie. Winters. Kamser- 7 50*
¦ 7 00a Bentcl*. E1inlr»»od Sscrmmento.. 7.20t»
, 7 30a Talleja. Nap*. CalUtoza. Santa
• Ron. Martinez. 8»n lUmon 6 20s»
I 7 30ASiles,Tracj. Latarop, Stockton.... 720i»
! 8 00A3hMtn Expre«— (Via DstI»>.
: W|in»m». Willow*. tFrnta Hed
BlaiT. Portland. Tacorns, Seat;l« 7-SO*
S OPa DaTls. Woodland, Knights Landing,
Mary sTl'.le.OroTl lie 7.50*
8-30a Mirtlafz. Aatlocn. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton. NswmsQ. Los Banos,
Mendcts, Annons. Hanford.
Vliall*. rorterrille «.20»
830> Port Cotta, Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, GoaLcn Junction. Baa-
ford. T!m! la. naXersflelJ 4.50»
8 30a Kllet. San Jo«e. Llrermora. Stock.
ton, (tMilton). lone. Sacmmenta
; MarjSTllie. Chlco. Ited Blnff .... 420»
j 8.30a Oakdale. Cblnxae. Jamtstown. So-
f nora, Tuolunni- and Angels . 4.20*
9 COa Atlantic Exprei*-- Garden »a'. Kaat. 520*
83Pa Richmond. Martinet and Way '' _„
Stations 8 50*
10-OOATbe Overland Limited — "c<f en.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver. Kansas
m City. St. Louis : ; .820*
10.00a Vallejo...^ 1120*
10.00a Lot Antrele* Pasaenger — Port
Costs. Marttnez. Byron, Traer.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fremo. Gotben Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. VUalla.
Bafcendeld. J^>» Anzeles 7.20*
12.00m Htyward. Nliet aod Way Suttons. 3. 20*
tl-OCP Sacramento Hirer Sceatnert. tll.OJ*
3-ZOP Benlcis. Wmtera. 8*eraraenta
Woodland, Knlehta I anMng,
Maryirllle. OroTille «cd way
ttatlont l°?2*
5.30* Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-50*
3 30p Port Ci'Sta, M»rt!aez, JUyron.Tracy.
| Latbrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Berecjs, Fresno and
Way Station* beyourt I'orr. Com 12-20*
< OCp Uartinei.Sanliuracn.ValleJo.N'ap*-
C»ll*tce.v S:inta Uo»* .. . «»-?QA
4X0p«tUe«. Tracy. Stockton 1020a
4.20P Hay ward. Ntlea. irTtntftoa. Saa) t3bO*
Jote. LtTermoro. > til. 60a
BCOPThe Owl Limited-- Xewn>»n. Lot
Banos. Mendota. Freano. T'liars,
Bakor*fleld,LosAngsles 8 50a
|530p Ilay ward. Niie» anu >.m Jo'O 7.20*
6.00p;iiywanl. Nile* and San Jote 9 SOa
6.0QP Kn.sttru Kt,>ret»— (>iu:ih:i. CalcajTO.
. Denver. Kansas City. St. Louis.
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento. «
Co) far. Reno, 8 parka. .Mantelic,
O'.'den "2.60*-
8. OOP Vallejo, dally, except bnnday.... I 7 Kfl-
7-OCp Vallejo, Sunday only ( 7ba "
7-OGp Klchmond. Hsn Pablo, Pon Costa.
Martlnei and Way sutloai 11.20a
/•OOPReno Pusenger— Purt Costa. Be-
nlcla, Sulsun, Elmlra. Dtxon,
Do vN, Sncrarac nt>>. Sparks. Tono
pab. Keeler and W*y Station*... 7-50A
8 05p Oregon A California Express — Sse>
ramento, M»ry»v!lle. Cedding.
Portland. Taget Soand and East. 8-SOa
t.lOP llay wars. Nllea and Sao Jato (Sun-
dtyonly) 11.60*
COAST LINE narrow ««¦»;•).
2 (Foot of M.wieet Street.)
8.16a Newark. OenterrlUe. San Jote,
Felton. Boulder Cresk, SanU
Crnz and Way StaUons 5SS*
12-ISp Newark. Centenrllle, San Jose.
New Almaden. Lot Ga to*. Felton.
Boulder Cmek, Sanu Cruz snd
Prlndpsl Way Stations M3 55*
4.15P Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos...] *]£*££*
oS30p Hunters' Train (Satnrday only) —
San Jose and Way Stations t7.2S*
COAST LINE (Hroaii uaage).
Hr~ (Third and Townsend Streets.)
'¦•10a San Jote and Way Stations.. ....... 8-30*>
7.00a San Josa and Way StaUons S.40l»
8 COa New Almaden dues.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Jote, Salinas.
Ban Ardo, Paso Robles, SanU
Margarita. Baa Luts Obispat
Guadalnpe, Gavlota. Santa Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura. Mon-
talro, Oxnard. Burbank, Los
Angelet 10 53s»
8.00a Ollroy. HoHltter, Caatrovllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove. Surf, Lom-
poc 1030*
8.00a Ban Jote. Tres Plnos.WatsonTflle,
CtpltoU, Santa Crux, Fsclfle '
Grove, Salinas. Ssn Luis Obispo .
sad Principal Way StaUons. ... 4.10*
10-20A San Jote and Way Statlont.. ...... . 1.20*
11 30a San Joie and Way Stations........ . 7.30*
2-ISp San Jote and War Stntions ... „.. 8 38*
5 COP Del Monte Express—Santa Clara.
Ean J*te, WattonTtlle. Santa
Cruz, Del Monte. Monterey,
PselflcQroTe 12.13*
1300p Los Gstot. Wrizht. Boulder Creek,
8snu Cruz, rla Ssnu Clara and
Harrow Gsuge tiO-45*
8-30P Valmcta St.. Sonth San Francisco,
Burllnirame. San Jote. Gl'.roy.
Holllvter. Tret Ptnot 10-43*
4 3Qp Fan Joks and Way Stations.. ...... t8 00a
t5C0P SanU Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos.
' anti principal Way Stations (ex*
eept Stutday) 13-004
|6-30p Ban JotesndPrtnclpalWsySuttoni 53.40*
6 45p Samet Express.— Bedwood. Saa
Jose,Gllroy,Sallnaa,Paso ltoblea>
Can Lois Obispo. Santa Barbara,
Lot Angeles. I>em!nsc. Kl Paso.
Pt.Lonf*. Xew Orleans. KewTorfc 910*
6.4SpPt)aro. WaUonTtlle. Capitol a.
6anta Cruz. CattroTiUa, Del
Monte, PnclSc Grore 10.30*
1B-15P kabUateo,Bere8ford,Belmont,84Ui
Carios. Redwood. Fair OaJts.
JlenloPark. Palo Alto fS 48a -
$ 30p P«n Jote and Way Stations. 8.38*
8-COpPsIo Alto and Way Buttons 10.1S*
11.20P Soutn SanFranctico. M!llbr»e. Bur-
:iDjf»me. San Mateo, D'Imont,
San Carlos. Redwuod, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and 1'aloAlto r4 45*
•IIJOpMayUeld. Mountain .View. Sunn/ IB *°^
Tale, Lawrence, SanU Clara sad -
B«° Jo** CT.4S*
A for Murniiu. P fur Afternooa.
tSunday exeepted t 8and»y only
* Saturday only. 6 Monday only.
I bio Da at all ttaUons oa Snnday.
¦I To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
I MILL VALLEY,
j CAZADERO, Eta
J Via Sausallto Ttrry
SXJBXJRBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at tT:05.
7:43. 8:25. »:1(». «:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:48. 3:13
4:33, 5:15, 5:50, 6:30, 7:15. 9:00 and 11:35
p. n. '
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t6:40.
7:35. 8:15. 8:50 0:.15. 10:3O a. m.; 1:JO 255
4:25, 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. C:57, 7:40 and 11:12
p. m.
¦tDally excent Snnday.
. For Fairfax, dally, at -7:45 a. m. ; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m., and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 3:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:t5 a. m. dally — Cazadern and way stations.
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays only — For Cazadero,
•tc.
5:15 p. m., daily, except . Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. etel •. • „..
TICKET OFFICE— 630 Market »t. J
FERRT — Union Depot.' foot • of Market st.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
pAUTORNirL^iTE^
¦CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSl
I LEAVES DAILY ATS3O A.M.B
EH WlTHOIN£RSAMOSLEEPERSJ^
Other Saata 7a Train*:
7:30 a. m.l For Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld, {
I loo p. mj Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offlces^ — 641 Market st. and F«rry Depot,
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak.
land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st, San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tib ar on Perry, Toot of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAK BAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
8:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAN I-RAHCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05 7:33. 7:50, 9:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:4O. 5:00. 5:2»> p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:05, 5:05. 6:25 p. m. •
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1004. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 0:10 al 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:05p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p t
7:30 a 44° a 8:40a
8 :00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 9:30 a Petaluma/ 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
| 5:00 p Santa Roaa.
7-30 a 10:4Oa|10:2O»
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p |
. Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. ( 7:35 p| 6:20 p
; { j WUllts and j j
7:30 a) 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7:35 pf 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ', [T6:4O a!10:20)a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. — I 9:10 al 8:4Oa
5:10 p| 8:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:C5 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00^1 , V " 110:40 a|10:2o"a
3:30 p| 3:30 p) Sevastopol. ( 7:35 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton. for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skasgs
Spring; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Sprints Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlie. Carls-
bad Springs Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Sprincs; at
ITkiah for x Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Ucper Lake Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's,
Riverside. Lierly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Lsal: at W Wilts for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Shrwood
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cummlngs,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 5, Pepperwood. Scotia
to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
, Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
U JAS n ~L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
IViT, Tamalpais Railway |
Vk. B»ys Saad»ji_ &jfSz3J£xk Saad^r~TkTll^r i
„ K:»5a IC&cS!<H»3 l:30p «1O:56a
O:5Oa 9:5Oa I^SKH^r 2:55p 2:55p
11:OOa W^^T 4:35p ..
1;45f 1;45p «^ |6:88> 6:3. »p
S»tnrd*Ti 4:35p S»:nrdiTi ll:12p '¦
»Tl«6r«Tity far- Mt.T»a»lp*ut<iirinT>l]iy
f TICKt j 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad) •
OfriCES ] and Sausaxito Kerry, Foot Market St. '
MKttilTU^-XewIy furnished beautiful room*.
\v:-h Client board for two eooples. and a
¦iiwt* rcom.
WANTEI*-On« or two youn* ««J "
ar.d tK>ar.i together; eunny locution. •«--
i-evntfnt.h *r -—-——————
«-., j for VI * Nn«— Best rooms, table and (
t"t£ »n the My for the least money.
E1)I>Y. 7i5 — Room and board.
ROOMS and board; reasonable. 196S Green st.
HA1GHT 32-— Lars* sunny suite; running
7 Waler; Vrat.: ~oond floor: corner house.
«rNNY dcvble and single rooms, with board: J
" running water. TOti Leavenworth st. (
TUrK 1"3— Clean f=v:r.ny rumished rooms, en
mite' or single, with or without li'jaxd.
_U)OSIS_WAgT-:P. £
WANTED— Room In private family; gent:
state terms. Box 19*. Call office.
BOOniTO. j. I
DOOFS. ri<Jff-»n!ks and cellar floors laid, re- I
jiair-V!: low price?-, work guaranteed. Chicago |
Boofi n K Co.. I". Herirr.ann. m'gr. <X>6 -d ft.
ST-TTE-tlNG AZf_> STA__«_E_U-IR.^
MKLHOL'RNE Institute, Van Ness ard Market,
cure*; <*tab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 3 p.m. |
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
I'i"h marriage and death notices «ent by
mciYwiM net be t-wertcd. TW must be handed
!n -t fither of tl»e public-tlon offices and be
indorsed •nith the name and residence of per-
sons authrrizrd to fcave the same published. ,
•Cotlce* re_trtct_fl simjily to the announcement j
'l : ye evrr' are oublUhed once in this column
<!¦"<¦ of charce. ¦¦._^_^__^_______ i
DOltX.
HFRZOG— In thi« city. November 24. 1904,
to ih» wife of Dr. George Kramer Herzog.
a daughter.
TOVAP.AZ— In this city. November 24 1904.
to th* *vif<- of Martin Tovara-. a daughter.
JklAIUUED.
LANGE— ROBERTSON— In this city. Novem-
1-er _3. 190* by the Rev. F. W. Fischer.
pastor of Emanuel Evangellral Church.
Henry Lanre and Lizzie Ruberston, both of
S»:i FVancisco.
RFYNOLDS— THEALL— In this city, Novem T
bf-r 21 1!KM. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer,
jaffor "of Ewar.utl Evangelical Church.
Stephen Madiwn Reynold* and Josephine
Anita Theall, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Broadbent, Elijah Moffltt, Frank J.
Brown Harriet A. O'Brien. Daniel
Bvrne. Joseph I. Pepper. Herman 8.
C.icgin Clara A. Pfeffer. Daniel
Currie (.infant} Rodriguez, Irene
I>uis>hy. Richard D. Silva, Louisa
Gaeucer. Cmli SlocotnD, Henry B.
Hall Edna Stevens. Grace
Hoejier John F. Summervill. Thomas
Hurley.' Alexander Turner, Mrs. Chris-
Jer.kins. Benjamin P. I tina
Kuch. Peter J. J. WeBBonberg, Clara
Luco. Tersea Robloe Wilkinc. Harriet H.
M. Auliffe. John J. Williams. Josephine
M'<""Ulloch. William Wilson, Jchn H.
BROADBENT— In thie city. November 23.
10A4. Elijah Broadbent. a native of England,
. i • ¦! 00 year*.
BROWN— In this city. November 24. 1904.
Hi.rriet A- Br"wn. beloved wife of J. « -
Brown, a native of Mafsachusettf, agod 5»
ytars 3 months and 11 daye. ;
BYRNE— In this city, November 24. ID04. i
J«epb Ignat'us, beloved son of Thomas ana
Elizabeth Byrne, and loving brother of John,
Thomas. Annie and Lillic- Byrne, a native of
San Francisco, aged 25 years and 1 month. J
A member c* Twin Peaks Parlor. N. S. G. |
W. "Hartford. Conn., papers please copy.) ;
Z^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at »>:.'Mt a. m.. from the. resi-
.lence of hip parents, 932 Shotwell street. ;
thenc*- to St. Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth
ar.d AUbsma «:re<«, where a Folemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose cf his roul. commencing at 9 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of Twin Peaks Par-
lor No. 214. N. S. G. W., are requested to |
att^mble at 9-!2 Bbotwell ttreet. Saturday ;
morning, at S o'clock, to attend the funeral j
of Brother Jcse;>h I. Byrne.
E. SOLAN, President.
T. J. PRENDERGAST. Secretary.
COGGIN— In thf» city. November 23. 1904. i
Clara A., wldcw of the late I. C. Coggln, a |
native of Brookline. New Hampshire, aged i
<:4 years. :
C7" Friends are invited to attend the j
funeral services Friday, Noveml-er 25, at j
2 d. ra., at her late residence, 123 Morris ;
avenue, off Bryant .street. Cremation at Odd j
Fellows* Cemetery.
CCRTME— In San Mateo. November 24. 1904,
Infant «<>n of William and Nellie Currie.
DUNPHY — In this city. November 23, 1904.
Richard D.. beloved husband of Catherine
Dunphy, and father <if Janes. John, Henry, j
George, Frar.k. Bernard. Mary. Theresa,
Ar.nie and Elizabeth Dunphy, a native of Ire-
land, age-d 02 vf-ari> 11 months and 11 days.
E7"The funeral will take place Saturday,
November 2(i at ft a- m.. from his late resi- |
dence. 210s Sar.ta Clara street, Vallejo,
thence to Ht. Vincent'* Church, where a
high requiem mass will be celebrated for the i
rtpose of hi* soul. Interment St. Vincent's
Cemetery. Friends and acquaintances are
rt-spertfully invited to attend the funeral.
OASTIGER— In thl* city. November 21. 1904,
Emil n r m 11|Tfj a native of Baden, Germany,
ag»<1 iT8 yeari- and 6 months'.
CXKri.-nds and acquaintances and officers
anil members of Bakers' International
Union. Loral No. 24, are resi>ectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral to-day (Friday), j
November 2J at 1 p. m.. from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HALL — In th!s city. No\-ember 23. 1904, Edna
Hall, dearly beloved wife of G*orse G.
Greenwood, and l<eloved daughter of Mar-
garet and the late Edmund Hall, and sl£ter
of G. W.. Annie. .Edith and Genevieve Hall,
Mr*. A. Carroll. Mr*. G. L. Warner. Mrs.
A. B. Lewis and Mrs. R. E. Kerrison, a na-
Ktive of Martinez. Cal., aged 22 years 4
months and 14 days. Chief companion of
Bjnita Circle No. 104. Companions of F.
of A. ¦
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
r November 27, at S:3ft a. m.. from the resi-
dpnee of her mother, 643 Folsom street,
thence by 9:30 a. m. train to Martinez. In-
terment Martinez Cemetery.
To the officer* and members of Bonlta
Circle No. 104. Companions of F. of A. —
You are hereby requested to attend the
funeral of our late chief comtwnlon, Mrs.
Edna Hall Greenwood, which will be held
S-inday. November 27. at 8:30 a, m.. from
the residence of her mother, i'AS Folsocn
Street. By order of »'
MAE BAILEY, Chief Companion pro tern.
E. H. CAMBERLAIN. Fin. Sec.
HOEPER— In thte city. November 24, 1904
John Frederick Hoeper. beloved *on of
George W. and Mary Hoej>er. and brother
of Max. Betty, George and Marie Hceper a
native of Ean Francisco. a«td 2» years and
14 d*r«- A member of the Painters* Union,
Local No. 19.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 26. at 2 p. m.. from the parlors
of Porter fc White. 423 Gclden Gate avenue.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HURLEY — In tfcis city, November 23, 1904.
AJexander. dearly U:Ioved son of Alexander
.nnd >LarrJn Hurley, and brother of Eilenor
Hurley, and CT&r.dson cf Mary Hurley a*
r.stivt of Ean Francisco, aged 3 months and
13 «aye.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 a. m.. from the residence
of the parents. HOUj Freelon street, thence to
St. Tlcme'e Church for eervicee at 10:30 a. m.
Interment Holy Crcus Cemetery.
JENKINS — In this city. November 24, 1904,
Benjamin P.. husband of Ellen F. Jenkins',
and father cf Clare E.. Lillian E. and Ade-
laide G. Jenkins, a native of Vermont.
KUCH — In Mount Eden, November 23, 1904,
Peter Jensen Jurgensen Kuch, beloved hus-
band or the late Karen Kuch. and father
of Mrr. Daterine Madfcen and Hans, Chr.stlne
and Peter K,uch. a native of Denmark, aged
<$0 years 10 months and 19 days.
. cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Eervices
Friday, November 23. at 1:30 p. m., from
Mount Eden Church. Interment Mount
Eden Cemetery-
LtTCO— In this city. November 24, 1904, Tereea'
Robles Luco, beloved wire of Juan M. Luco
a native of Chile,
E3r Funeral from ibe narlorw of H. . F.
Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth, at 10 a. m., Saturday,
November 26. Interment private. Mount
Olivet Cemeterr.
McAULIFFE— In this city. November 24. 1904,
John J. McAuliffe. beloved brother of Mrs.
J. Ootlory. Mrs. A. Stolper, Mrs. E. Franklin
and Annie. Daniel and Joseph McAuliffe and
the li.lv Florence P. McAuliffe, a native of
Virginia City, Nev.
CnyNotlcc of funeral hereafter. Remains
HiKRY j. callache;? co.
<SucccFFors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mrr. •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Filth rt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 60.
NITBD UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Siivctora and Embtlmert
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple, ; ¦ ¦
NOW at S6G MISSION.' Tel. South lt!7. V
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth St. :
Ftscst Equipment* at Moderate Rates.
at the residence of his brother, Daniel llc-
Auli/re. IOZ Terry "rtreet. • /
MrCULLOCH— In this city, November 21. 1004.
William McCulIocb, a native of Ireland,
ogf-d 7.t years.
MO1T1TT— In Oakland, November 24, HKM.
Prank J.. beloved hut-band of Aueusta L.
,Mf!i:it. and fathpr of JelTerson G. Moffltt,
r.nd brother of Mary, Maigaret. Emma J.,
N>lli«> \\\, Jcwph I)., Gforge W. and Harry
M. Moffitt, a native ot Oakland, Cal., aged
45 j'Parj.
C7"Krirni3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 20. at H:.'»(> a. m.. from hi* -late
residence. 13.T7 Kill*rt street, thence to St.
Francis de SbIps Church, where a requiem
h'gh ir.ays will be celebrated for the repose
ol hla soul, commenctnj;. at 10 -a. m. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemeterj'.
OTJRIEN— In this tlty. November 21, 1004,
Daniel, beloved hc«band of Annie O'Brien,
and father of Margaret. William. Henry and
Daniel O'Brien, a native of County Cork,
Ireland. a*ed 7.T years.
C3"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
vf-lly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Haturday) at S:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 349' Church street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
hish mars will be celebrated for the repose
cf his soul, commencing at 0 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Crof« Cemetery.
PEPP1-K— In this city,* November 23, 1904,
Herman Swartgfacer Pepper, beloved hus-
tnnd of lx-na Pepper, a native of Hanover,
ffermnny need 03 year* and S months.
inyKriendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 9:-"(» n. m., from his late resl-
donce. i47 Tehama strnet, near Third,
thene to St. Patrick's Church for services,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Crof* Cemetery. •
PFEFKKR— In this city. November — . 1SW,
l>anlel. dearly beloved husband of Ajrneg
Tfoffer, and loving father of Amanda, Anna,
Helena. Louisa and Margaret Pfeffer, a na-
tive of Bavaria, Germany, aged 45 years 5
months snd 20 days. A member of San
Francisco Baecker Verein and Bakery ana
Confectlnnery Workers' I. U. of A, L«cal
No. 1*4. »
CTFrienrls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturdny). at 8 a. m., from the pariors
of <;antnor Bros., 1209 Mission street, be-
1n-ptn Klebth and Ninth, thence to St. An-
thony's Church. Army street, near Folsom,
where a requiem hish mass will be cele-
brated lor tbe repose of his soul, commenc-
ing nt 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
RODRIGUEZ— In this city. November 24. 19O*.
Irene, dearly beloved daughter of -Fernando
nnd Guadelupe Rodriguei, and sister of
Juanita and Robert Rodriguez, and 'beloved
niece of Mrs. A. Mondragon, Mrs. A. Suares,
Mre. R. Garcia, Mrs. M. Robles and Mrs.
C. Gonze]>-z. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 7 months.
C?"Kriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
November id at 10 a. m., from her late
reMdtnce, -12 Ecott place, between Broadway
and Pacific *md Powell and Mason streets.
FIL.VA— In tale city, November 24. 1904,
Louisa Sllva. beloved wife of Joseph Sllva.
ar.d daughter cf Frank and Mary Sllva, and
elMer of Manuel, Joseph.. John, Andrew,
William. L*na. Charles and Rc«a Sllva. and
grandchild of Joseph Smith, a native of
California, aged 24 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. November 26, at 11 a. m., at
All Saints' Church, Haywards, where a re-
qultyn high msis will be celebrated for the
repofe of her eoul. Remains at the parlor*
of Julius S. Godeau. 810 Van Ness avenue.
Interment at Haywarda.
E1X)COMB— In Oakland, November 23, 1904,
Henry B. Slocomb, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., aged 62 years 8 months and 19 days.
ETEVENS— In this cky. November 24, 1904. '
Grace, beloved wife of J. B. Stevens, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 2S years.
C^Hemains at t»ie Darlors of Valente,
Marini * Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
SUMMERVILL — In this city, November 23,
1904. Thomas, beloved husband of Mary
Summervill, and loving father of John, May,
Joseph. Katie. Thomas. William, Agnes and
Robert Summervill. a native of County
Galway. Ireland.
E7" Friends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 1902 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Brigid'p Church, where a solemn requiem
map* will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TURNER— In this city. November C3. 1904.
Mrs. Christina Turner, widow of the late
Daniel Turner, and mother of James S. Tur-
ner. Mrs. A. Flett, Mrs. R. HIbbard, William
S. Turner and Charles E. Turner, a native of
Greenock, Scotland, aced 74 years.
(C7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Friday, November
2.'). at 10 a. m.. at her late residence, 751
O'Farrell street. Omit flowers. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WESSENBERG— In this city, November 24,
1004. Clara May, beloved wife of D. W.
Wessenberg. and mother of Mervyn Wessen-
berg, and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Parr, and sister of John Parr, a native of
North Bloomfield, Cal.
WILLIAMS— In this city. November 22, 1S04.
Josephine, beloved wife of Daniel R. Wil-
liams of Manila. P. I., a native of Illinois,
aged 29 yeare 1 month and 2 days. (Manila,
P. I., and San Diego, Cal., papers please
copy.)
E3f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnx-lted to attend the funeral to-day
<Friday), at 2 p. m., from the parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2066 Mission street, between
Twenty- second aad Twenty-third (Mission
Masonic Temple). Interment National City,
Cal.
WILKINS — In San Rafael, November 24. 1004,
Harriet Hepburn Wllkins. beloved mother of
the late HeDburn Wllkins and James H.
Wilktns.
WILSON— In this city. November 23, 1904,
John H., beloved husband of Harriet Wll-
Bon, and father of Mrs. Emma E. Tubbs and
Ida H. Wilson, and brother of James A.
Wilson, aged 59 years 6 months and 4 days.
CSTrRnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 27, at 2 p. m., from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Mission Lodge
No. 109. F. and A. M. > Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
Young Ladies' Institute— The annual re-
quiem h:gh mass for deceased members of
the Youne Ladies' Institute will be cele-
brated at 8 a. m. in Sacred Heart Church,
Los Aneeles. on Saturday, November 2ti.
ELIZABETH C. P. TERRY. Grand Pres.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Grand Sec.Weather Report.
The modern Diogenes - who looks for
an honest man only succeeds in finding
fault.-- • -; ' — A*
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hish and low waters occu r at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places. ,
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23.
Sun rises • • ":00
I Sun sets ••• 4:53
Sloon rises • ~:25 p. n».
C . Time - ITimel . . iTime! Time
p Ft. I 1 Ft- | 1 Ft. Ff
? Ill W| y It. Wi |H W| (L -W
23 1:33 4.5 6:05 2.8112:07 5.9 7:00'— 0.0
28 2:25 4.5 6:5t> X0 12:.-.2 5.4 7:55— 0.4
27 3:12 4.6 7:54 3.1 1:4C 5.2 SMC— 02
2S 4:00 4.7 9:02 3.1 2:46 4.8 9:40 0.3
29 4:50 4.9 10:22 2.7 4:02 4.4 10:33 0.7
SO 6:40-5.2 11:38 2.3 5:30 -4.111:37 1.1
1 <<;30 5.3|12:47 1.7| 6:52| 4.1[...
NOTE— In the above exposition of the | tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the ' successive tides of the
'< day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
-fourth time . column gives , the . laat tide of the
day 'except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. " The heights . given are In"
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height.'' and; then the number
given U : subtracted ; from , the ' depth ; given - by
the charts., -The plane of reference Is the mean
1 ~r th« lower low waters."' -/ •
The area of Japan is about seven
tenths that of the German empire.
More than one-half of the inhabitants
live in towns of from 2000 to 5000
persons, of which there are>8008. For
every 1000 men there are- only 9^3
women. - , , ',
A poacher, writing, in the Country
Gentleman of -London, says: "When I
left home at night to go poaching I
always left an end of a candle burning
in a saucer of water in^my bedroom;
this was arranged so \ that it would
sputter" out about 10 o'clock Just as if
I had extinguished it and retired for
the night. This I did because I dis
covered that the keepers were given to
watching, my .house for signs of my
leaving, and it was a long. time before
they found that a candle could go 'out
without human tfgency." *.
A Poacher's Clever " Scheme.
Though adopted no more than six or
seven years ago, the whole of the Ger
man suick-flrinp field artillery has been
c<fodemned as "obsolete" and is to be
replaced by shield-protected guns re
coil ins on their own limber. This is the
Japanese type of field-gun.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Emperor Francis Joseph is 74.
He has now reigned for fifty-six years
and has been called on to stand up
against heavier misfortunes than any
monarch of his time. Defeated in every
battle he has fought, driven first -out
of Italy and then out of Germany, with
his heir a suicide and, his Empress the
victim of an assassin, he is still a
sreat monarch, the universal referee of
his eighteen kingdoms and principali
ties, with more soldiers, more revenue
and rnore subjects than when he be
gan to reign. ¦ v
The Emperor Francis Joseph.
FRESNO. Nov. 24. — In a hard
fought game this afternoon the Olym
pic football team of San Francisco
defeated the football team of the
Fresno Athletic Club at Recreation
Park by B Rcore of 5 to 0. Both teams
*vere superb in defense, not a run over
Keveu yards in length being jnade.
i-'h/rman and Stephenson of Fresno
did good work. Slaker and Bishop
did the best work behind the line for
the clubmen, Slaker making most of
the gain*. The Olympic team scored
a touchdown in the second half.
Olympic I-\x>ihall Eleven Wins.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Mariposa. Captain Lawless, will sail at 11
o'clock this morning for Tahiti.
' The Pacific Mall Company's tlner Korea,
Captain Seabury. is due here to-day from
China, Japan and Honolulu.
The freighter Aztec will sail to-day with a
large cargo "for the Orient, j
The liner Coptic, Captain Beadnell, will sail
to-morrow fcr the Far East and the Peru and
Barracouta -will get away for Panama and way
ports.
Yesterday was observed a» a holiday on the
¦water front, and. except on the Pacific Mail
wharves, no work was done. The army trans
ports and a few British ships were decorated
in honor of the day.
The Kosmos liner Menes arrived yesterday
from Hamburg, too late to pass quarantine.
Water Front Notes.
Thursday. Nov. 24.
Etmr Seauola. McCIements, 5 days and 15
hours from Willapa.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller,' 18 hour* from
Mendocino. -
¦ Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 3S hours from San
Pedro.
• Stmr Olympic. Hansen. 110 hour* from Bel
lingham; bound south; put In to land pas
sengers.
Stmr Shasta, Hansen, 4 days from Belling
ham; bound south; put in to land possengenr.-
Br stmr Wellington, Cutler, 97/ hours from
Larlysmlth.
Stmr National City, Hammar. 16 hours from
Fort Brasg.
Stmr Santa Roea. Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diesro and way.oorte. \
Stmr Koyo Johnson. 27 hours from Eureka.
Ger stmr Menes, JCaselmacher, 102 days
from Hamburg, via ilazatlan 5 days.
Schr Ivy, Llndaulst, 14 days from Coca
Bay. - *
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
SAILED. •
Thursday, Xor. 24.
¦ Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diego.
Stmr Masrie. Whitney. Half moon Bay.
1 Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Olymtilc, Hansen, San Pedro.
Strar Preatlss, Ahlstrom, WestporU
Ptmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, Port Harford, etc.
Stmr Brunswick,- Ellef sen. Fort Bragg.
Br ship Iquique. Wood. Guam.
Fr ship Champigny. Boju, Sydney.
Schr Novelty. Hoffman, Cocs Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦ POINT LOBOS. XoV 2*. 10 p m — Weather
cloudy wind south: velocity 6 miles, per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Xov 24— Schr
Alpena, from Honolulu.
Sailed * Nov 24— Schr Matthew- Turner, for
Grays Harbor, in tow of tut Pioneer.
SHATTLE^ — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Queen,
hence Nov 21; U S stmr Burnslde. from Alaska.
Sailed Nov 24 — Stmr Umatilla, for. San
Franclaco.' Nor 23 — Stmr Tremont, for China
and Japan. ¦ ' _'
. : Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Geo Loomis, ¦ hence
Sailed Nov 24. 3:50 p m — Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 21 — Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Francisco. ¦
Vr TACOMA — Sailed . Nov 21 — Br stmr Deuca
lion, for London, via Yokohama: stmr Shaw
mut. for Hongkong and Yokohama. l
.. ClJREKA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmrs Arctic
and Brooklyto. hence Nov 23. •
" Sailed Nov , 24— Schr Ida ' McKay, for - San
Francisco. ' : " . '
«? .Arrived- Nov 24— Schr Lottie Carson, -from
ARRIVED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
That a greater horror of war never
pervaded the earth than Is felt now In
the presence of the mighty struggle In
Manchuria is one good sign. The
glory of war is now seldom mentioned,
for the world is beginning to doubt the
reality of a glory that is based on the
destruction of human life. The great
est statesmen of to-day are called
great for their ability to maintain
peace rather than for th3ir capacity,
to conduct war. Furthermore, thejre
have never been greater efforts on tha
part of leaders of human thought .to
influence men and Governments for
peace than have been put forth dur-'
ing the past year. — Nebraska State
Journal.
.Growing Horror of War.
Deep- Water Ships Sail.
The French ship Cliampigny sailed yester
day for Sydney and the British ship Iqulque
got away with a cargo for Ouam.
Steamer. j Destination. ' I Sails.
Humboldt Skagway A Way Ports.fxov. 24
I Jefferson Skagway * Way Ports. |Nov. 28
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. (Nov. 2S
Santa Ana... Seldovl* & Way Ports.|Dec. 1
Th? vessels on the overdue list were quoted
for reinsurance yesterday as follows: Troop,
15 per cent: Klnn, 90 per cent; Joinville, 10 per
cent, and Shenir, 5 per cent. The Slrene,
which is quoted at 95 per cent, is uninsurable.
The Overdue List.
The supply of, pure ice in this coun
try for domestic purposes is not as
abundant or as available as it should
be and it Is absurd that practically the
only shop where it may be obtained is
that kept by the fishmonger, who keeps
it not for the purposes of consumption,
but for the cooling of fish. The fish
monger's shop does not always present
an environment that is, sanitarily
speaking, satisfactory; yet when ice
Is wanted In 6ickness or In health the
only tradesman that can be found to
supply it is the fishmonger and his
supply is usually limited. It seems
ridiculous that in the. English summer
the demand for ice should not be suffi
cient to warrant the-. establishment, of
a special agency for its supply.
We feel sure that if such a scheme
could be organized it would be widely
appreciated and would succeed as soon
as the public realized how much bet
ter and how much healthier it is to
have their food and beverages kept
cool during the days of a hot and sea
sonable summer. As It Is they have to
be content with semi-liquid butter and
mawkish luke ; warm beverages which
should be cold, especially those which
are aerated. A cheap and abundant
supply of pure Ice for domestic pur
poses would give the housekeeper a
chance of keeping a cool storeroom in
which meat, poultry, eggs and other
perishable articles of food could be pre
served. Not only would waste of food
be so prevented, but the ravages of the
putrefying agencies of hot weather
would be checked and the food saved
from becoming unwholesome if not pos
itively dangerous. In fact, we imagine
that nobody will deny the very great
advantages derived from keeping cer
tain, foods cold /in the summer and
preserving them In a state fit for'con
sumption and attractive. to the eye and
palate; and yet practically no steps are
taken to supply such an important and
very evident need. — London Lancet.
3Iany Are Tired of Drinking Luke
warm Drinks and Eating
Spoiled Food.
Within the past few weeks several
cases have come before- Justice Bau
der in Cleveland Involving attempts by
rejected suitors to get their presents
back. Become tired of this kind of
litigation, his Honor suggests that
when Cleveland swains make present
to maidens the following, contract
should be asrreed to: "It Is hereby
agreed that this (here the words
bouquet, hat, diamond riny or sou
venir spoon may be inserted) Is for
use only during the period of court
ship. It is hereby agreed that said
(bouquet, hat, etc.) shall be returned
at once upon day of snub. \t any. En
gagement to another man to be con
sidered as snub." — Exchange.
Not to Be 3IIsconstrued.
Summing up the value of agricultur
al and those Industrial products which
get their raw material from. the. na
tional agriculture (iugar • and : products
derived from it,* tobacco and its manu
factures, fruits, garden .truck, . minor
products and : products ;bf raising ani
mals), the result Is 574^300,000, that is
to eay. 95 per cent of the to ta L . . ' * ;
per cent of our exports. The exporta
tion of other national products la in
creasing every day, offering new bases
for the greater stability of our eco
nomic life,- dependent until now only on
the value in foreign markets of our
two exportable, • almost exclusive pro
ducts — sugar and tobacco.
In '1S93 the value of exports, other
than sugar and. tobacco, was $4,780,000,
whereas in 1903 It amounted to $9,300,
000 (13 per cent of the total. value). NOf
this sum about 53,000,000 are fruits and
garden truck, against 51,900,000 In 1902
and only $SOO,000 In 1S99; $2,250,000 are
forestry products and natural crops,
against $1,870,000 the previous year, and
more than 51,000,000 are products de
rived from raising animals. ., The pro
ducts of apiculture amounted to 5760,
000, three times more than in 1899'. /All
together $6,350,000 of agricultural ¦ pro
ducts, besides sugar, tobacco and -de-:,
rived products (9 per cent of the. total
exports) and $1,400,000 more than In
1902. • ', :
These figures show that sugar con
stitutes more than half, tobacco a third
and both products together make 87
The value of the tobacco exported
represents 33 per cent of the exports of
this year and amounts to $26,042,000,
against 525,400,000 In 1902. The increase
is due to the exportation of leaf to
bacco, 5600,000 greater than the preced
ing year.
Of the 577,261,000 exported (excluding
coin) during 1903, raw sugar is $40,400,
000 (52.4 per cent of the total), $10,460,
000 more than the previous year. Adi
ing to this sum 51,490,000, amount of
the exportation of other products de
rived from the manufacture of sugar
(molasses, alcohol, etc.) and we have a
total of $41,940,000, value of the export
of national products .that depend on the
cultivation of sugar cane, more than
dc-uble that of 1S99 and 511,000,000 more
than in 1902. -:u-?v>
In reviewing the agricultural exports
of Cuba for the year 1903, the Cuba
Bulletin says:
Of Near $80,000,000 Exports in 1903
Over Half Was Raw Susar.
One-Third Tobacco.
FROM SEATTLE,
ENGLISH PEOPLE BEGIN
TO CRY FOR ICE MAN
93 PER CEXT OF CUBA'S
EXPORTS AGRICUI/TURAIi
Captain Alexander, like every .other good
American sailorman, prefers to eat his Thanks
giving dinner at home. He managed it yester
day and in making the effort to be here on
time brought the Santa Rosa up from San
Diego in just 39 hours. Last trip, when the
turkey eaten yesterday was strutting about
the barnyard acquiring the obesity -which de
cided its fate and led to its selection for the
Alexander platter, the Santa. Rosa was though*
to be doing well when she made the run in 42
hours. Captain Alexander's haste was not en
tirely selfish, however, for the Santa Rosa's
cabins were crowded with people, most of
whom had keen appetites and Thanksgiving
dinner engagements.
Santa Rosa's Vast Run.
NEW YORK, Xov. ;«.— Harry Sheri
dan, fullback of the Seaton College
f<*jtball team, was injured during a
pa me with the Forest Hill team near
Newark. N. J.. to-day. He was carried
devn under, a number of opposing play
ers in a mass play, and when the oth
crf had arisen it was found that he was
lying He hid several ribs
broken, and one came within an inch
cf penetrating his heart.
Other accidents in football games to
day:
At Tarrytown in a game between ihe
Calumet Athletic Club and the Tarry
town Cub George Miolcs. son of a rich
resident, had his right ear torn off.
At Long Island City Thomas Ken
nedy had several rib? fractured and
was internally injured. He is in a crit
ical condition. t
At Newark, Del., to-day in a game
between Delaware College and Mary
land Book Captain Gill of the latter had
his skull fractured. He was taken to a
hospital at Wilmington and to-night
his condition is serious.
Accidents on the Gridiron,
MEXICO. Mo., Xov. 24.— After nurs>
in? back to health the . smallpox
stricken family of R. S. McKinney,
Miss May Rutter of this city, who vol
untarily undertook the task, is dead
from the disease. There- was ho lack
of nurses for her, for her own spirit
Of heroism had aroused that of other
persons in the town, and she was care
fully nursed during the four days of
her iJIncfs. Physicians were constant
ly at her sice when it was realized
that she was suffering from a more
dreaded form of the disease than those
to whom she had administered. All ef
forts of her friends were unavailing,
however, and she died last night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Woman Dies of Smallpox After
Nursmg Family Back to Health.
men In charge of the work lacked the daring
abandon of the professional mule skinner. The
animals were corraled in the Western Fuel
Company's yard and the transfer of each mul«
from yard to collier Involved all the excite
ment of a cuttlng-out expedition. One mule
acquired a corner of the yard and with busy,
steel armored heels retained possession for
several hours. On four different anatomies is
the imprint of that mule's hind feet. The rear
attack proving- too full of danger, a tackle
was rigged and a man lowered Into the corner,
right in front of the animal's nose.. Th© mul«
tried to bite the invader, but with the Judi
cious use of a club he kept clear of the snap
ping teeth and backed the beast from its ad
vantageous position. Nobody was seriously
hurt and by nundown all the mules were on
shipboard munching a Thanksgiving dinner of
hay a la mode.
Steamer. Destination. Sails, j Pier. ,
November 25. ] |
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm) Pier 27
Cnico Los Anpeles Po/ts. 11 ami Pier 2
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
S. Barbara. Log Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Porao Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmJPler 2
ZTovember 36. |
Breakwater Coos Bay direct. . . 6 pm Pier 8
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier' 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
Coptic 'China & Japan.... I pmlPier 40
City Puebla I PugPt Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 9
Peru |N. Y. via Ancon..l2 mlPier 40
Aurella....~ Astoria <fc Portland 4 pm! Pier 27
Coronado..- Grays Harbor 4 pmPier 10
S Pedro Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm'Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqullle, River 5 pm|Pier 20
Sequoia.... Wlllapa Harbor ..12 m Pier 20
N Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Homer Grays Harbor Pier —
Barracouta. Gorlnto &• Way Pier 40
November 27. | |
Coos Bay..- San Pedro & Way. I 9 amlPler 11
Corona Humboldt !l:30p!Pier 9
IS Rosa San Diego & Way. Ill amlPier 9
Soveafcar 28. | |
G W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll amtPier 24
Rainier Seattle & Everett. I 4 pmjPIer 10
G Lindauer Grays Harbor J 5 pmlPier 2
November 30. { [
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
Alliance ! Eureka & Coos B. 5 pmlPier 16
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 amlPier 13
Arctic Humboldt 9 am! Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pmjPler 10
: December 1,
Sonoma Sydney~& Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Memphis... Hamburg & Way.|12 m Pier 19
Bonlta; Newport & Way.. ( 9 am Pier Jl
December 3. I
Korea China & Japan 1 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. vlaAncon.. 12 m Pier 40
Columbia. . . Astoria tc Portland 11 am Pier 24
December 6. .
Queen 1 Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
TO SAIL.
SACRIFICES LIFE FOR OTHERS
A shipment of mules for Victoria was placed
on board the collier Titania yesterday, to the
delight of the throng of idlers gathered on the
water front in the vicinity of Howard 1 street
wharf. The mules were unwilling and the
Mules Were Unwilling.
(120th Meridian— FaetSo Time.)
6AX FRANCISCO. Xor. 24—5 p. m.
Th following are the seasonal rainfalls ta
date, aa compared with those of the na» data
last season, and rainfall la th* last twenty
four hours:
Last Tills Last
Stations— t* Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace T.«5 13.73
Red B!uf£ Trac» 9.47 8.45
Sacramento 0O 8.31 3.5**
Ban Francisco 00 T.S3 4.42
Fresno CO 8.08 0.63
Independence 00 0.45 0.42
San Luia Oblapo 00 4.71 0.8<>
Los Angeles , CO 1.14 ©-43
San Diego OO 0.1" ft-ft?
THE COAST RECORD.
i s k 2 i
I 83333.2 s o
STATIONS. I ?|?|?3 fa- ?
: S -? : I ?
• • o •
Baker 30.12 OO M SE Cloudy .Cf>
Carson 30.10 58 20 D Cloudy .00
Eureka 23.96 M 43 3 Cloudy .T
Fresno 30.C0 74 33 W , Clear .00
SE. Farallon. .30.02 60 54, SW Cloudy .(*»
Flagstaff 3O.C» CO 1* NE Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatelio 30.14 5S 26 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .3O.C»> 62. 34 SW Clear .00
Los Angeles. ..Srt.eO ~K 82 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.30.04 S4 44 S Cloudy .CO
North Head... 2». 94 B2 42 E Rain .24
Phcenlx 29.92 76 4* NT7 Pt.Cldy .CO
P. R. Light.. 29. IW tti 52 SE Cloudy .OO
Portland 20.9«J 50 40 E Rain .04
Red Bluff 30.0* 6O IS .... Cloudy -T
Roseburs; 29.94 54 4«i N Cloudy . T
Sacramento ..3O.C2 ft* 44 N Cloudy .»*>
Salt Lakf 3O.1O W .. W Clear .00
San Francisco.30.04 «2 4* NW Cloudy .OO
8. L. Obispo. .30.02 72 34 E Clear .00
San Diego 29.93 72 58 XW Clear .00
Seattle 29. M 4S 33 XW Rain .08
Spokane 30.16 44 34 B Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 20.82 48 40 E Rain .23
Walla Walla.. 30. 12 43 34 ST Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnemacca .30.18 5* 2O W Cloudy .CO
Yuma 29.9O 8O 43 NW Cigar • .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERA!.
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion of th« Pacific Slop* and fair over tha
southern. Light rain ban fallen from extreme
Northern California northward to th« British
line.
Rain with high easterly winds ar» reported
from the Washington coast.
Both pressure and temperature chances fcav«
been slight in all districts.
¦Southeast storm warnings arc displayed at
Eureka.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco far thirty
hours endlnr midnight. November 25. 1904:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with
showers In north portion.
Southern California — Fair Friday; light w«st
wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
probably showers; fresh southerly wind.
L09 Angeles and rtclnity— Fair Friday; light
w«st wind.
•Sacramento and vlclnltjr — Cloudy Friday;
probably showers.
Fresno and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Xewport; stmr San Gabriel, from Cmpqua. for
San Pedro: stmrs Vanguard and Pasadena,
hence Nov 2J.
Sailed Nov 24 — Stmr Corona, for Saa Fran
cisco; stmr Marshfleld. for San Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed out Nov 24 — Stmr Shaw
mut. from Tarorra. for Yokohama; stmr Tre
mor.*:, from Tacoma, for China, and Japan:
schr John G Xortb, from Port Blaketey. for
Guayaquil.
WESTPORT — Sailed Xov 21 — Stmr West
port, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Xor 24— Stmr Alliance,
from Cncs Bay.
Sailed Xov 24— Schr Muriel, for San Pedro;
schr Beutah. for San Francisco. . . -
Arrived Nov 24 — Schr Mlndora, from Re-
BANDOX— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Franclaco; schr Advance, for San
Francisco In tow of tue Columbia: «tmr
Chlco, for San Pedro, via San Francisco.
SAX PEDRO— Sailed Nov 24— Schr Melrose,
for Grays Harbor; «tmr Cella. for San Fran
cisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA — Arrived Nov 23 — Nor stmr Skald,
from New York.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Not 23— Ship Aryan.
from Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON"— Arrived Nov 23 — U S stair Sumner,
from New York.
- CALLAO — Arrived Nov 23 — U S stmr Alba
tross, hence Oct 6.
ANCON — Arrived Nov 13 — Stmr City of Fa
king, hence Oct 23.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Xov 21— Br itmr In
drawaiii. for New York.
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Arrived Nor 23— Br
ship Alice A Leleh. hence Oct 11.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sov 20— Stmr Aor
ansri. from Portland. Ore., for Hongkong.
MURORAN — Arrived prior to Nov 24 — Stmr
Inverness, from Tacoma.
OCEAN" STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Xov 2i — Stmr Baltic,
from Liverpool and Oueenstown; stmr Lcm
bardia. from Genoa and Nanles.
Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Numidlan, for Glas
gow; stmr Prinz Adalbert, for Naslea and
Genoa: stmr La Gascoene, for Havre; itmr
Frankfurt, for Bremen.
SCICILY — Passed Nov 24 — Stmr Bremen, for
Plymouth. Cherbourg and Bremen.
NAPLES — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Roma,
from New York.
MALAG AN— Sailed Xov 17— Stmr SIcUia,
for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Koenl
gen Louise, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 24 — Stmr Ce
dric. for Xew York.
ST MICHAELS — Passed Xov 24 — Princess
Irene, for New York, from Naples and Genoa.
LIZARD — Passed Xov 24 — Stmr La Lor
raine, from New York, for Havre. _
Memoranda.
, SEATTLE. Xov 24 — U S stmr Bnrnslde,
which arrived last night from Alaska, struck
rock In Seymour Narrows on Nov 21 and had
hole stove In port side.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 24.— Miss Irene M.
Hubbard, a popular young lady of this
city, was married at noon to-day to
Alexander D. Grant, a commercial man
of San Francisco. Mr." and Mrs. Grant
will make their home in San Francisco.
The bride is t^ie daughter of T. B. Hub
bard, a well-known mill man and mem
ber of the firm of Cannichael, Hubbard
& Co., and sister of Councilman Hub
bard. .
Weds a Belle of San Jose.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 24.— The
University of Pennsylvania football
eleven closed its season by defeating
the Cornell eleven, 24 to 0.
Pennsylvania scored four touchdowns
In the first and two in the second- Had
It not been for penalties inflicted on
the red and blue, Cornell would never
have been within striking distance of
the Pennsylvania goal. A feature of
the gams was the fierce tackling of
The L Pennsylvania boys. . . In nearly
every scrimmage when the Cornell
team had the ball there would be one
of the visitors laid out. Stevenson,
Pennsylvania's quarterback, was finally
etnt to the sideline by Umpire Ed
wards because of rough play.
Columbus. Ohio.— Carlisle Indians 23,
Ohio 0. Lexington. Ky. — State College
a, Kentucky University 4. Birming
ham. Ala. — Alabama 0, Tennessee 50.
South Bpnd. Ind.— South Bend 5. Physi
cians and Surgeons of Chicago 4. In
dianola. Iowa— Simpson 10, Grinnell 6.
Rothestpr. X. Y. — University of Roches
ter 16. Tuft» 5. Washington. Pa. — Dick
inson lft. "Washington and Jefferson 6.
Topeka— Washburn 23, Ottawa 4. Lin
coln—Illinois 10. Nebraska 16. Omaha-
Omaha Normal *>. CreJghtcn 0.
Has No Chance With the University
of Pennsylvania Players.
SCHOONER WEBFOOT. WHICH
WAS TOWED INTO ASTORIA WA
' TERLOGGED AND DISMASTED.
CORNELL ELEVEN' DEFEATED.
Steamer. I From. Due.
j
Elizabeth Coquille River \ Nov. 25
Jsanle 'Seattle &' Tacoma 'Sov. 25
Northland j Portland & Astoria [Nov. 25
Chico .: Coquille River Nov. 25
Homer I Grays Harbor 7.! Xov. 25
Cocs Bay. ; San Pedro & Way Pts-iXov. 25
J. Hlgglns 'San Pedro !Nov. 25
Corona !..iHumboidt .Nov. 25
G. W. Elder.. Portland &. Astoria (Nov. 23
San Juan New York via Ancon..|Nov. 25
Korea China & Japan |Nov. 25
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor 'Nov. 25
Mackinaw. .. Tacoma INov. 25
South Bay 'Grays Harbor INov. 25
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor |Nov. 25
Empire Coos Bay ! Nov. 25
Newburg (Grays Harbor (Nov. 25
Breakwater. . I Coos Bay | Nov. 25
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Nov. 2H
Memphis Seattle 'Nov. 20
San Pedro Humboldt ; Nov. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports ;Nov. 27
Umatilla Pugrct Sound Ports. ...! Nov. 27
Eureka Humboldt I Nov. 27
Arctic Humboldt Nov. 27
Bonlta./"- Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 2S
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.lNov. 23
, Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.iNov. 23
Pomona Humboldt 'Nov. 2.H
Centralia '. . Grays Harbor iNov. 28
Fomo Point Arena & Albion. :Nov. 23
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon..]Nov. 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria jNov. 30
F. A. Kllburn. Portland & Coo« Bay. 'Nov. 30
North Fork... Humboldt ....... JDec. 1
Queen ... Puset Sound Ports Dec. 2
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Dec. 2
Gaelic China & Japan Dec. 3
Faxinia Hamburg & Way Ports! Dec. 3
Alameda Honolulu ; I Dec. 6
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The schooner Webfqot, dismasted
and waterlogged, which was towed
Into Astoria Wednesday night by the
tug Wallula, is one of the oldest and
best known vessels in the coasting
trade. She was built in 1869 at Coos
Bay and for thirty-five years has been
In active commission. She was built
for and is still owned by the Simpson
Lumber Company. Formerly a bark
entine, she was converted some time
ago into a three-masted schooner. Her
career has been remarkably free from
mishap and since she slid from her
cradle at the Oregon seaport she has
earned much money for her owners.
The Webfoot was bound from Coos
Bay for this port. She encountered
heavy gales and November. 18 became
waterlogged. Three days later the
masts carried away and when picked
up by the steamer George W. Elder
Captain Lewis and his men had about
abandoned hope. The tug Wallula re
lieved the Elder of her tow and the
Webfoot is now safe in Astoria.
Three cf the crew, who left the boat
to seek assistance, are still missing
and little hope is entertained at As
toria for their safety.
At the time the men left the vessel
great seas were running and shipping
men are certain that the small boat
succumbed to the fury or the elements.
The men had been without food for
four days and also without water, and
unquestionably will have perished
from hunger by this time if the ocean
has not claimed them as victims. Mate
Bromer, Seaman J. O'Neil and another
sailor whose name is unknown com
prised the party who started off on the
forlorn expedition. There is a bare
possibility that they managed to
weather the seas and that a passing
steamer may have picked them up and
taken them to Puget Sound or to San
Francisco, but no one here doubts that
they have either starved to death or
been drowned.
overdue Vessels
A series cf line bucking plays assist
ed by wonderful punting on the part of
HeitmuIIer. one of which gained sixty
five yards for his team, game Califor
nia fcer eccre.
There was a dispute as to whether
California gained a touchback or a
esffty in the second half. Referee
Best ruled it touchback and Washing
ton was given the ball on the twenty
five yard line for a free kick. The
features were Heitmuller's punting
er.d McDonald's wonderful defense at
quarter for Washington. The lineup:
Callforr'a- Po«!tlon. Washington.
ITo»-B.rd t^ft end Tibbaita
HefmnOer Left tackle MeDcnald
HaSey Left grnard Babcoclt
flrcui < captain).. ..Centey Crira
£ tern Right ruanj Zeibarth
Foster ...Right tackle R&ilsback
Oliver EtJfjbt eci Pull^a
Kittr? :ie Quarterback Brir.ker
Er.fiiptr .....Left halfback T.l!ey
Kerr. Bight halfback Shaw
fkiJUUBJ ....Fallback. .McElrnon <c*pt.)
Referee — Be*t. Purdue; umpire — Van Hoven
k»rp. Cclujnbia.
SEATTLE, Not. 24.— Three thous
and people watched. the University of
¦WaEhingrton and the University of Cal
ifornia do battle in a football game
which resulted in 6 to 6 tie, at Recrea
tion Park this afternoon. Neither side
e cored in the first half and although
the visitors were pounds heavier than
their opponents, they could do nothing
with them in the thirty minutes that
marked the first half of the play. The
spectacular features of the game came
ia the last half, when, in a second af-
Wr the ball was pat in play, Tibbalts,
Washington's right end, circled Cali
fornia's end for thirty-five yards. In
tfce next play. Shaw, left tackle, ad
vanced the bell another twenty-five
yards for a tcuchdown.
DENVER, Colo-, Nov. 24.— Sixty-flva
hundred people saw Stanford defeat
the University of Colorado by a score
of 33 to 0. The Stanford eleven out
played the local team at every point
In the first half. The Colorado-men
braced up In the first part of the second
half and shortly after the ball was in
play it looked as if Colorado would
score. By quick, snappy rushes the
Colorado men got the ball within fif
teen yards of the Stanford . goal.
There the local boys were penalized
fifteen yards for holding. This took
the snap out of them and Stanford's
goal was never In serious danger again.
The game was notable for its clean,
straightforward playing and 'also for
the number of men injured. Stan
ford suffered the most in this respect.
Van Sickle was the only man seriously
hurt. He had an arm broken shortly
after the game \ began. Bansbach,
Weller and West* of Stanford, and
Allen were also hurt and retired from
the game. None of them was seriously
injured, however.
The honors of the game for Stanford
were divided between Trowbridge,
Dole and Weller.
Trowbridge made two touchdowns
and kicked four goals. Weller made
two touchdowns and Dole made one
touchdown and kicked a goal from the
field. In one of Weller's touchdowns
he made a sensational run of fifty
yards to a touchdown- The lineup:
Stanford. Positions. Colorado.
Clark • Left end. Allen
Horton .Left tackle. Smith
R. L. Thompson Left guard Roller
Hyde Center Brusse
Van Sickle Right guard.'. Karuth
Fhields Right tackle Coffin
West Rirht end Christensen
Bansbach Quarterback Owtn
Dole Left halfback Coley
Trowbridg* Right halfback. .'. . . .Johnson
Weller Fullback Roberts
CHICAGO, Nov. £4.— Wisconsin 11,
Chicago 18, was the score to-day in
the hardest fought football game
played on Marshall FieJd this season.
The game was replete with surprises
and critical situations which kept the
18,000 spectators on the qui vlve from
the time of the first kick-off until the
final whistle blew.
The climax was reached in the mid
dle of the second half. Eckersall
caught the ball on the kick-off on Chi
cago's three-yard \ line and started
toward Wisconsin's goal. The Wiscon
sin men came thundering down upon
him. Some of them were stopped by
Chicago interference and others Eck
ersall dodged until only Stormquist,
Wisconsin's fullback, blocked the way
to a touchdown. Dodging dangerously
near the side line, the little Quarter
back rushed by the outstretched arms
of his opponent, grazing his leg as he
passed. Two seconds later he was be
neath a pile of squirming humanity
behind the Wisconsin goal posts. He
had made the record run of the sea
son, covering 107 yards, to do which
he actually made 115 yards. After the
ball had changed hands several times,
both sides punting often, Chicago final
ly got the ball on Wisconsin's ten-yard
line. A penalty imposed on Wisconsin
placed the ball on their five-yard line
and from here Bezedik went over for
a touchdown. Detray kipked goal.
The next play was Eckersall's sen
sational run for a touchdown, carrying
the ball from Chicago's three-yard line
tije length of the field. Kennedy
kicked the goal.
Instead \>t being discouraged, Wis
consin<fraced up and shortly after the
ball was in play they got it on their
own twenty-yard line. After working
it to Chicago's twenty-five-yard line,
Vanderboom got around the end and
"Wisconsin's second touchdown was
scored. Bush then kicked goal.
The balance of the half was a stub
born fight. Chicago finally carrying the
ball to Wisconsin's one-yard line? Wis
consin contesting every inch of the
ground and finally holding for downs
hardly three feet from their goal line.
The ball was punted out of danger and
the half ended with it on Wisconsin's
six-yard line in their possession.
Unruly Passen
gers for tne r :
Titania.
Eckersall Runs a* Hundred
and Seven Yards for a
Hair - Raising Touchdown
lleitmuller Punts True to
Form and McDonald Does
Some Great Defense Work
Trowbridge Is Kept Busy,
Making Two Touchdowns
and Four Perfect Kicks
NORTHERN MEN PULL
OFF TWO GOOD PLAYS
CROWD ELECTRIFIED
BY BRILLIANT WORK
STANFORD'S GOAL 1&
IN DANGER BUT OXCE
MULESRELUCTANT
Blue and Gold Scores Six
Points and Washington
Comes Back With as Many
Wisconsin's Husky Kickers
Vanquished in a Battle
Marked by Fierce Play
Cardinal Team Outclasses
Colorado, Easily Piling
Up Thirty - Five Points
In Service jor
TMrtg-Five
STANFORD VICTORIOUS;
CALIFORNIA PLAYS TIE
SCHOONER WEBFOOT, NOW AT ASTORIA
IN DISTRESS, WELL KNOWN ON COAST
¦;••>•¦ ... • '
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. , FRIDAY ,' NOVEMBER 25, 1904.
15
FREE FREE FREE
'WITH
' ;* SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A BOX
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
of the •
HIGHEST QUALITY
TOILET SOAK
Your Choice of Four Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
AD VKKTISKMKN'l'S.
WmW
Notice is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by real
property and one-half of the taxes on
real property will be due and payable on
Monday, October 10. 1904. and. will be
delinquent on Monday, November 13.
1904. at 6 o'clock p. ra.. and unless paid
prior thereto fifteen per cent will b«
added to the amount thereof, and that It
said one-half be not paid before the last
Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m..
an additional five per cent will be added
thereto: that the remaining: one-half of
the taxes on all real property will be
payable on and after tbe first Monday ta
January next, and will be delinquent on
the last Monday in April next thereafter
at 6 o'clock p. ecu. and unless paid prior
thereto. fiv« per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the time
the first Installment as herein provided
Is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable at
the office of the Tax Collector. New City
HalL ; ,
¦ x B. For the convenience of taxpay-.
ers-!nnable to call during the day, this
office will be .open continuously daring
the month of November from «:30 a, m.
to 9 p. m.. commencing Monday, Novem-
ber 1.-1904.:
Taxpayers will . greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing Itst
year's tax bills, f
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County ot
San Francisco.The report was spread on the uni
versity rampus this morning that Gus
tav White, a senior whose case is now
und<¥* consideration by Captain Nance
with thirteen, other seniors alleged to
be insubordinate, had been suspended
by President Wheeler.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
£148 Center Street. Nov. 24.
• • •
Miss Lillian Weil, the daughter of J
P. Weil, a well-known business man o!
this city, became the bride last eveninj
of Mr. Morris Brilliant, a member of i
local furniture firm.
Sixty guests attended an elaborati
supper served in a downtown restaur
ant. Mlsa Weil Is an unusually attrac
tlve youns woman. After a trip ti
Southern California the couple will re
turn to reside permanently In Sat
Francisco.
Butler Smith, a well known real es
tate man, was wedded to Miss Emil}
May Boyer last evening at the homi
of -the young lady. 1039 Brodericfc
street. The bride is a graduate of thi
Boston Conservatory of Music and U
noted for her ability as a musician,
Mr. and Mrs. Smith will enjoy a foui
weeks' honeymoon In th« southern
part of the State and upon their re
turn they will take up their residenci
in this city.
Eeport on University Cam
pus That Giistav White
Has Eeen Given Taste of Ax
FEAR FOR FATE
OF Y.M.C.A. MAN
WEIL-BRILLIANT
WEDDING IS A
CHARMING EVENT
POSTERS and BANNERS.'— Gabriel Printing
Co. print anything. '419 Sacramento st. .. . •
• ALLEGED BUNKO t MEN - ARRESTED.—:
"Jack",' Shea, an • alleged bunko ; man, • waa ' ar
rested : yesterday afternoon, by Detective ; Ryan
and locked up { in.the,-"tanks.V About an hour
later Detectives Taylor- and Mulcahy.. arrested
Charles .. Wishart, j who ¦ . is , : also _ classed -as a
bunko man, and locked him up in the "tanks."
The Harriman syndicate has just :
placed an order with the Baldwin ;
Locomotive Works for 1 00 new loco- |
motives, to be built within two years, |
for use on the Southern. Pacific .sys- :
tern. The first twenty-five locomotives <
completed will be at once added to I
the motive power of the Western di- '
vision. Ten of these new ; enkines will,
be of the. most powerful .type", built
and the other fifteen;.will-.befof"the'
ordinary "kindi 'A-llTof, thlrh ; will ibe '
.thoroughly -modern in 'pattern. •
To Increase Motive Power.
In August of last year, Metzlnger
swung himself from , a fourth to a
third story window in the Hall of Jus
tice and gained his liberty. He low
ered himself with -a rope made from a
blanket, and j had the fabric torn he
would have been dashed to death
many feet below. He was .captured
a week later. On, October 25 of last
year-he was ; given his freedom and
since then has . .been working -for
Hord' &*Smith, contractors,, near .the
Slx 7 mile House. Last - Saturday night
four, pairs, of rubber boots disappeared
and It was ascertained that Metzlnger
had pawned them for the sum of $7.
Davids and McGrayan arrested the of
fender: last, nisrht. *,' v . •
; Andrew Metzlnger, the. trusty who
made a daring escape from the City
Prison, fifteen months ago and who
was afterward captured and. was held
till the expiration of his term, is
again in'.the toils. : He- was. taken ; into
custody last night -by. District detec
tives John Davids and .Frank Mc-
Grayan and. will be charged -with a
theft committed near the Six-mile
House. ; .. . ..
Trusty Who Once Made Escape From
:\ Prison Steals Boots and :
Pawns Them.
METZINGER AGAIN IN
"-*- CUSTODY OF POLICE
Marion de Vries, formerly Congress
man from this" State and now a mem
ber of the General Court of Appraisers
of New York, will arrive from the East
to-day on a visit to his family in Stock
ton. '~r ;
H. Jerome Toy, proprietor of the hotel
papers in Los Angeles and Denver,' Is a
guest at the St. Francis. '
Antong yesterday's arrivals at the
Lick was George L. Hoxie, a well
known lumber merchant of Fresno.
John Farrlsh, one of the. best known
mining engineers In the West, is here
from Denver and Is registered at the
St. Francis.
J. A. Cunningham, a well-known min
ing man of Salt Lake City, is at the
Palace.
Earl S. Sloan, a .wealthy manufac
turer of Boston, and his wife are regis
tered at the St. Francis.
W. Gordon Campbell and Henry Coon,
mining men of Tonopah, are at the
Grand.
J. F. Ives of Los Angeles is at the*
Occidental.
0 A. J. Poak, a , mining man of . Xono
pah. is at the Palace.
A. Lewis Jr., an attorney of Hono
lulu, is at the St. Franis.
Dr. C. L. McCracken and wife of Pes
cadero are at the Grand.
W. H. Holablrd, a lumberman of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Livermore regis
tered yesterday at the Palace. '
Frank H. Holllngsworth of Washing
ton. D. C, Is at the. Occidental.
E. S. Gordon of Coos Bay is among
the latest arrivals at the California.
W. B. Clapp of the United States
Geodetic Survey is at the St. Francis.
James Minturn. manager of the big
Sharon ranch at Sharon, is at the Pal
ace. . '
PERSONAL.
DIES OF INJURIES.— Giavonl Bartaechlnl
Jr.. 3 years old, died at the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital last night as a result of being
scalded several flays ago by a bowl of hot soup.
Daniel Murray, 133 Magnolia street,
Oakland, reported to the police
late last night that he had been held
up and robbed of $45 by three men
on Natoma street. He was badly
beaten about the head and was taken
to the Harbor Emergency Hospital.
Says Ho Was Held Up.
Major Francis L. Payson of the pay
department will be the paymaster
who will attend to the payrolls. The
army officers will caution men who
are paid to place their coin in safe
keeping and not display it in districts
where bunko . men* are likely to at
tempt to victimize the soldiers.
Eighty thousand dollars of the coin
of the realm of Uncle Sam will Jingle
in the pockets of the soldiers who are
to be paid off on Monday at the dis
charge camp. Angel Island. One of
the pay details consists oC.250 men,
who arrived here from the Philip
pines on the transport Thomas last
week. These men • served their full
terms of enlistment and came here to
receive their discharges.
to Troops Who Have Been In
Philippines.
Eighty Thousand Dollars to Be Paid
Constipation, the fruitful source of
many other complaints, is quickly cured
by taking Lash's Bitters. •
COIX WILL JINGLE IN
POCKETS OF SOLDIERS
Burnett** Extract oC Vanilla — In
purity and strength pre-eminently superior. *
DIE.-* FROM EFFECTS OF GAS.— W. T.
?r.yfler. who was broupht from 19 Eddy etreet
l\><5n««5av *ulTM-inr from the effect* of gas
jFphyxiatlon, died last night at the Central
Emergency il'isi :tal.
What may be termed an intellectual
entertainment was. that which was held
by the Building Trades Council at Its
headquarters on Mission street last
night. It was officially announced that
the heavyweight representatives from
the East would be there to talk to -the
local mechanics and as a result the
hall was filled with men who contribute
their skill in the building up of this
g;reat western city.
President P. H. McCarthy occupied
the chair and beside him were Presi
ident Gompers of the American Fed
eration of Labor and. other officials
from beyond the Rockies.
• In a thirty-minute speech Gompera >
paid a- high compliment to the men
connected with the local trades unions
of this city. He hoped that the spirit
of unionism, ndt only in the United
States but all over the earth shall
extend and spread until the working
class shall be elevated to the plane of
manhood and Independence, yet ready
and willing to concede to others that
which rightly belongs to them.
Following President Gompers were
George Mackey. Harry D. Thomas, W.
McFarland, Thomas Burke, Bert
Beadle. Frank Buchanan, Henry W.
Sherman, Frank Feeney, G. C. Camp
bell, Frank Duffy, F. J. Heap, Frank
C. Mow, L. McSorley, F. J. Jennen
back, Jesse Belhorn, T. Guernln and
T. V J. Lyons, with P. H. McCarthy and
O. A. Tveitmoe speaking for the San
Francisco labor organizations.
Refreshments in abundance for all
who came that way were served at
Lyric Hall. entertainment was
got up by the . Amalgamated Sheet
and Iron Workers for the ertertaln
ment of their Eastern vlstors, among
whom were: General President Rich
ard Pattison, First Vice President
Hugh Franey, P. J. Downey, John
Crane, James E." Percy, W. Barkle,
Hugh' Jenks arid others.
The local committee of arrangements
were: John Crane, James E. Persy,
Frederick Ritzau and J. B. McDonnelJ.
Delegates from the East paid an of
ficial visit to the Laborers' Protective
Union at Teutonia Hall last Tuesday
night, at 'vhich place they were royally
entertained. An exchange of greetings
were had between the strangers and
the local men of the union.
Harry K. Fisher, a barber, who
gave the name of John Johnson,* a
shoemaker, when booked at the City
Prison early yesterday morning for
drunkenness will be turned over to the
L'nited States Marshal. He was ar
rested on Washington street by Po
licemen Mahoney and Mills and when
searched twelve counterfeit 25-cent
pieces were found in his pockets. He
says he changed a $5 gold piece in
some saloon and that was where he
got the bogus coin.
Has Counterfeit Coin
Samuel Adelstein will give a man
dolin musicale on Monday evening,
November 28, at Native Sons' Hall,
the proceeds to be devoted to the
Children's Hospital. The programme
has been most carefully arranged and
the compositions of several of , the
'great masters will be rendered by the
mandolin orchestra. Miss Helen
Heath, H. Warner Sherwood. Glen
Cowgill, Amos Cain and the Adelstein
plectrum quartet.
"Charitas," melodie religeuse, by
Sturani, quartet for four Italian lutes,
will be given for the first time in
America. ~
The sale of reserved seats will begin
to-day at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Will Have Prominent Part.
Samuel Adelstein Arranges Interesting
• Program me, In Which Mandolins
Jerry Sheehy, a teamster living at
11 Leaven worth street, fell from
his wagon yesterday afternoon
while driving on Silver street, near
Sixth. His head struck the .curb of
the sidewalk and he was rendered
helpless. When removed to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital it was de
termined by the surgeons that Dunn's
neck was dislocated. Notwithstanding
this the patient recovered conscious
ness and appeared to be rational. His
only complaint was of a dull sensation
in the back of the head. His case
puzzles the physicians.
Jerry Shechy. a Teamster, Meeets
With a Peculiar Accident, "Which
May Result Fatally.
Building Trades Council
Entertains Officials and
the Visiting Delegates
WILL GIVE A MUS1CALE l
' FOR CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
NECK BROKEN BY A v
FALL FROM WAGOX
LEADERS TALK
TO MECHANICS
The music discoursed by the peer
less League of the Cross band was
heartily applauded.
The acting of the amateurs was
strong ¦ and emotional and they
showed much improvement over the
previous performance given by them.
Xot the least signs of nervousness
could be noticed in 'their work.
Claude Doran's impersonation of
General Haverill of the Union army
showed him to possess much dramatic
ability. The work of Vivian^Baldwln
was good.
The battle scene was unusually re
alistic. Colonel Power, in command
of more than 100 cadets, gave a clever
portrayal of the retreat of the Union
army.
A very clever rendition of the mil
itary drama, "Shenandoah," # was given
at the Alhambra Theater 'last night
for the benefit of the First Regiment,
League of the Cross Cadets.
"Shcnantloah" 'Well Acted by Pupils
at the League of the Cross
BeneSt.
AMATEURS GIVE CLEVER
PRESENTATION OF DRAMA
Mrs. McElhinny had worked in the
Cornwall family for some time and hau
always been regarded as'a fatihful
servant. She retired to her room short
ly after noon yesterday, and about 5:30
o'clock the cook, Mary Miller, : an
nounced dinner* Receiving no response
from the chambermaid's room, Miss
Freda Meyers and Miss Annie Meyers,
two other domestics, went upstairs to
call her. When . the young women
reached the room they found Mrs. Mc-
Elhinny lying on !¦ a. sofa, and, after
some difficulty, aroused her. .-She had,
to^all appearances, been drinking, but
she heeded their . advice and started
downstairs. On the top stair the wo
man stumbled. She. was .unable to re
gain her footing, and plunged to the
bottom of the flight, which consisted of
twelve stairs.
In a short time help was. summoned,
but it was found that the woman was
beyond earthly help and without doubt
had been Instantly killed. Deputy Cor
oners Meehan and Murphy were called
and made an Investigation.
Mrs. Sarah McElhinny. 4t) years of
age and a chatnbermald at the home of
Airs. P. B. Cornwall, 2301^ Pacific ave
nue, fell downstairs in the house of
her mistress yesterday evening and
fractured her skull. Death resulted al
most instantlji. According to the story
cf other domestics, the unfortunate
woman was Intoxicated at the time of
the accident. She had spent the aft
ernoon in her room, and when called for
dinner staggered to the head of the
stairway, from which she fell to- her
death. • . - <•
The policemen who were first on the
scene say that the driver of the horse
was drinking. This the latter denies.
Some comment is made on the action
of the company in not hurrying the
work, and it was remarked that an or
dinance should be passed requiring
that street work of this charactef
should be rushed night and day until
completed.
A s<juad of police was required to
keep the crowd back while the animal
was being extricated from its position.
After being released from the harness
the horse worked itself beneath the rails
and, in a cramped position, resisted all
attempts to rescue him. The animal
ambulance people made .several at
tempts but without success. Still the
cars were blocked a distance of several
blocks and three systems were tied up.
At length a rope was attached to the
hind legs of the quadruped and about
fifty strong men dragged him to the
surface.
A peculiar accident occurred at the
corner of Clay and Kearny streets last
night, and resulted in the delay of
street car traffic for more than two
hours. For the last week employes of
the United Railroads have been repair-
Ing the tracks at this particular loca
tion and have excavated the street to
the depth of about four feet. Although
red lights were displayed Frank Schelly
of AVt Scotland street and Harry Pres
ton of 701 Montgomery avenue drove
a horse belonging to the Water Front
Stables into the opening and came to
grief.
Fred Adams, a waiter on the
steamer Sonoma, reported yesterday
to Policeman Bakulich that shortly
after 4 o'clock yesterday morning two
bo$% about IS years of age attacked
him at Battery and Union streets.
They knocked him down and went
through his pockets, taking $18 in
coin and a silver watch. He was sent
to the Harbor Emergency Hospital by
Bakulich, where a lump on his jaw
and a cut on his cheek were dressed.
Samuel Fredericks, who lives at 79
Stevenson street, reported that he was
held up by two men at Powell and
Eddy streets about 2 o'clock yester
day morning. He was struck on the
head, he said, with some blunt instru
ment and knocked down. His watch
and some money were taken from
him. • He was sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where two
wounds in his scalp were stitched and
dressed.
The unusual number of hold-ups on
Wednesday night and early yesterday
morning has caused activity among
the detectives and special duty men.
It is thought that the criminals were
not professional footpads, but young
hoodlums, who were desirous of se
curing funds to spend on Thanks
giving.
Samuel Fredericks Held Up
by Two 3Ien at Corner of
Powell and Eddy Streets
She and Drops to
Her Death While Respond
ing to a Call to Dinner
Fifty. 3Ien Assist in Work
of Clearing Obstruction
and Traffic Is Resumed
DRIVER IGNORES LIGHTS
ASSAILANTS MERE BOYS
IS INSTANTLY KILLED
Clay Street Line Blocked
Because Animal Falls
Into Workmen's Trench
Fred Adams. Waiter on the
Steamer Sonoma, Beaten
and Kobbed 1 by Buffi ans
Mrs. Sarah McElhinny Falls
Downstairs ' in Cornwall
Home and Fractures Skull
FOOTPADS KEEP
UP THEIR WORK
HORSE IS DOWN,
ALL CARS STOP
SERVANT MIKES
FATAL PLUNGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, .NOVEMBER 25,' 1904.
President Wheeler, when questioned
concerning the story of White's alleged
dismissal, salVl that Hale has thus fa?
been the only student to be given no
tice of such action In his case, and thai
Mr. White had not yet been suspended
by the university authorities.
M. C. A. news on the front page of hij
paper until the Blue and Gold printed,
in derision o* that practice, divers car
toons and witticisms relating to the
editor's leanings toward Christian As
sociation news. White Is now presldeni
cf the College T. M. C. A.
He said to-day that he had not heard
of his suspension, and If ho had beer
dismissed temporarily from the uni
versity notice had not yet been sent
to him.
White's excuses were deemed unsat
isfactory by Captain Nance, and when
H.ile was suspended yesterday the be
lief was expressed that White would
bo the next man to feel the sharp edge
of the oflic!al guillotine.
Last year White was editor of the
same college paper which this year
proved to be the undoing of Hale — in
that It gave the latter opportunity t»
express unwelcome criticisms of the
university faculty. White, however,
was looked upon as a conservative ed
itor, it being his babit to "feature" Y.
The suspension t was supposed to be
similar to that which W. T. Hale, ed
itor of the Dally. Californian, has been
ordered to undergo. White was charged
with failure to obey Captain Nance's
marching orders and with having par
ticipated in a riot on the campus fol
lowing'the order of the military in
structor to the seniors to fall Into line
in front of North Hall and from there
proceed In soldierly style to the class
room, where the new commandant was
prepared to lecture on tactics and mil
itary science. .
16
MARKS^ROS.
MERCERIZED SATEEN
Have Made an Enormous Purchase
And we're determined to make it the
most sensational sale of
Ever held in San Francisco.
50c Petticoats OOp
' To-Day. ....... y 0b
$1.00 Petticoats O£j«
i To-Day..... 00b.
$1.25 Petticoats 7Cp
To-Day..... I 0b
$1.35 Petticoats or p
• To-Day..... Uub
$1.50 Petticoats QCp
To-Day..... wOb
$1.75 Petticoats ti 9 fl
To-Day.... ;i
$2;00 Petticoats eiJjl
To-Day... I
These : . Petticoats < ar« made • of a hlgh-
'grade quality Sateen — some are made with
deep . accordeon plaited . Flounce, others
trimmed .'.with ruffles. , braid and tucks.
.All are cut of cenerous width. -
WBKSBRO&
"The Home of Honest Values."
122b-J2U> MARKET STREET
PSORIASIS
AND ECZEMA
Milk Crust, Scalled Head,
Tetter, Ringworm
and Pimples
COMPLETE TREATMENT, $1.00
for Torturing, Disfiguring Humours,
From Pimples to Scrofula,
From Infancy to Age.
The agonizing itching and burning
of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful
scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of hair
&nd crusting of the scalp, as in ecalled
bead; the facial disfigurement, as In
pimples and ringworm ; the awful suf-
fering of infants, and anxiety of \rorn-
ont parents, as In milk cruet, tetter and
salt rheum — all demand a remedy of
almost superhuman rirtues to success-
fully cope with then. That Cutlcura
Soap, Ointment and Pills are such
stands proven bejond all doubt. No
statement is made regarding them that
is not justified by the strongest cri-
dence. The purity and sweetness, the
power to afford immediate relief, the
certainty of epeedy and permanent
core, the absolute safety and great
economy hare made them the standard
rkin cures and humour remedies of the
civilized world.
Complete treatment for every humour,
consisting of Cuticara Soap to cleanse
the ekin, Cuticara Ointment to heal the
skin, and Cutlcnra Resolvent Pills to
cool and cleanse the blood may now be
had for one dollar. A single set is often
sufficient to cure the most torturing,
disfiguring, itching, burning and scaly
humours, eczemas, rashes and irrita-
tions, from infancy to age, when all
else fails.
So'.i thronefcect tb* world. CnScwm BMotrest. 50c. (in
form ol Chocolat* Cot!«-d Filb. Uc. per vial of 60), (Jint-
¦tent. Be., 6ocp. SV. Drpoti : London, 27 Chart«rhouM
Sq ; }•!-.». I Rue <*e U Paix; Bo«U>n. 1ST Cotambiu At*.
fetter Ijrur fe Cbetn. Corp., 8o'» Proprietor! .
»*- 6end tar " Hem to Cure Kvrry II uruour."
.
>^S*L iiAGNENS RELIABLE WEAR. Jlfek
JliPlll for WOMENjgd CHILDRB\^C^^
! f^Sl^.^Mjsses and Children's
i f~ : ***~f''^ ffir »V>*^ jf at'' 2 */'"* X A X •
at cut prices
*?J§ '•<^s^';\\V e have d ec *ded to
• /^vMi ft^^fe W give s P eci *l induce-
j w'^^4/° ?$&r* ments in this depart-
S r< t'v^ ment for
! // ' M \ i l\ to-day and tomorrow
i 4-£ J£Jr\^* •$ * by reducir| g lhe prices
\ of a great number of
| K^\ Mg Wf popular and high-grade
• * ' . All are this season's
{ goods — representing the most fashionable
| $8.75 COATS REDUCED TO .... $ 6.50
! $13.50 COATS REDUCED TO.... $10.00
$17.50 COATS REDUCED TO.... $13.50
j $25.00 COATS REDUCED TO.. ..$18.00
I /^^^^S^f^ 0050 Reduction
\ V^'^M^^^Fx^^^^'^ dren's and Misseis'
[ :Pi^^S?^^^^' l °-day and to-morrow
} N^tw^^^^^^^^^P^' le assortmen t embraces
— ' est creations.
i This offering presents an unusual opportunity for pur-
' chasing hats at a great saving in price.
I $6.50 HATS REDUCED TO $4.50
! $8 50 HATS REDUCED TO $5.50
j $13.50 HATS REDUCED TO $7.50
$16.50 HATS REDUCED 10...... $9.00
In addition— now on display— BOYS' and GIRLS' CLOTH
\ and hUZZY TAM O'SHANTERS-all sizes and colors.
918-922 Market St No Branch Stores. (
ADVEBTJSE3IEXTS.
SPECIALS FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY ONLY <
Brown-Dyed Coon Stoles I j^^°S I '
(Latest Effects, Satin lined), vIjUK'E?'
$3.00 -$4.00— $5.00 j[£k •
Fine Brown Fox Stoles
(Every Tashionable Style), v l^^3Hj[J l v.Sa
$10.00— $12.50— $15.00 /&f»M
$17.50— $20.00— $25.00 C''i^*»^Bi '
Natural Brown Neck Boas 'iffa^^£jfej
$7.50 — $10.00 i j/rracB&li
Natural Mink Four-in-Hands
$15.00-$17.50 W&. :*tWB
$20.00— $25.00— $30.00 "** :ffSi
$35.00-$40.00 I y-'-:^3r* |
¦| : -.',¦ . "~ — I Fine Blended Mink Stoles
Ai^Si^Sr (Very rich dark fcrown, made with or without obllar»,
Medium and lonir lengths).
$75.00— $85.00— $95.00— $125.00
J|||i||||| Beautiful Brown Bear Boas
Jp^flp $20.00— $25.00— $30.00
%^^^ 'Muffs and Hats to Match All the j
fSliaBtf Above Neck Furs. j
P&ftVnWr* wl w ® make a "peclalty of 27«ck Pars, Muff* and Hats
fScEjlagifc&Si in matched »ets.
»iy5Bifafii3 How wel1 we I8rve y° u to faraJ Visitors to our third
fe? fflHj-^feT^I floor — where oar Pur bailness 13 continuously growing
Ivjtwffiyjj-fri an( * deve l°P^ n K' — a dd their testimony to ours concarninff
4\«8S5nBsB the values we offer. The regular way is not our way. A«
Rli {2|v Of aa Incentive to your appreciation we are always doinjr
f £f taa exceptional — the unusual. The items listed above j
tigSS^JJIIIjTrj are fair Illustrations.
\ ' ; -^ ' DOHT rOEOET OUB 1TOMBEB.
¦ 5 ADVERTISEMENTS.' .'¦ - ; * - -
I Bought at
I RegardlessofValne
I GOME EARLY AND SECURE YOUR CHOICE |
n _ . - 3
j f| • '¦ 30?-309 MARKET STREET 1