SAN ERANCISCO,- TUESDAY, "NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
JPROPOXENT OF BERTHA M. DOLBEER'S WILL, AND SOCIETY WOMEN \VHO JIAVE BEEX SXJBPEXAED TO TESTIFY.
Owing to a threatened relapse of
nervous prostration Juror K. A. Lund
strom .was excused from further serv-
I In , Judge Coff ey's court, Douglas
Sloane Watson, one of the witnesses
to .'the- contested will,, yesterday told
the Jury that Bertha Marion Dolbeer
was' "rational" • and "of sound .mind"
when she executed her testament in his
office oh April 23 of the present year.
V.Watson was emphatic and to his
Snlnd there could be no question as to
the mental condition of the testatrix
at'the-time.- He had. known, her.inti
mately, for many years and did not no
tice the slightest change in her de
meanor.
. "Miss > Dolbeer was just herself," was
the terse way he put it. ' Not the faint
est 1 suspicion had been aroused in his
mind that her mind was affected, as
the contestant now contends. On the
contrary, she showed much intelli
gence In the making of the will and in
following the formalities of the law.
She exercised, a wise caution in its
preparation and for Its keeping.
r Mrs. Watson was Miss Dolbeer's cou
sin and one of her closest friends. The
husbandhad In some degree participat
ed in ".that intimate, friendship. Mrs.
Watson is a daughter of Mrs. J. L.
Moody,, who gave testimony -in behalf
of the "contestant, but is not in acr
cord, with her mother in her wish to
have the .testament upset.
On '-cross-examination Watson admit
ted that he expected' his wife to be one
of the .beneficiaries of the will he wit
nessed, but did not peruse. It tran
spired that there was no bequest for
her, 4 however,- but this did not warp
Watson's opinion as to the abilityof
Miss Dolbeer to dispose of her estate
nor affect his inclination to testify in
support .of j the will.
JUROR lUNDSTROM EXCUSED.
"tier '.Usual ..Self;
-¦When It Was .
iillSiiil :
Continued on Page 3, Column 5.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
NASHVILLE, Tenn:, Nov. . 21.— Mrs.
J..O. Rust, widow of the late John O.
Rust, who died in Seattle-some months
ago, has been'elected president of Bos
cobel Female College' in this city. "
Made Head of Female College.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 21.—Be
cause a mob which had formed on the"
outskirts of the city threatened an at
tack upon the Jail in which Ed Taylor.
Garfleld Smith and John Taylor, negro
murderers, are confined. County Judge
Bullock advised that the militia be
called out. Company C of the Second
Regiment was ordered on duty at the
jail sind the mob abandoned its inten-
Kentucky Militia Awes a Mob.
Stelle In the Crolsic. at Fifth avenue
and Twenty-sixth street, he first met
her. He was shabbily dressed and Mr3.
Stelle took no notice of him until he
sang to the party, durins which time
he never took his eyes from his hostess.
Mrs. Stelle in accustomed to spend the
summer at Atlantic City, and when
last spring, after she had been Accet
ta's 'patron for several months, she pre
pared to remove to the city.
she ordered a suite quite- as fine as her
own in the same hotel for her protege.
On one of these occasions last win
ter, when the Italian orchestra was
playing in the apartments of Mrs.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Mrs. Fannie
Surdam Stelle, aged 62, who has a for
tune of $2,000,000, announced to-day
that she is about to marry Edgar A.
Accetta, aged 24, the barytone who was
brought into public notice under Mrs.
Stelle's patronage, and who recently
entered suit against her for $50,000
damages for breach of promise-
As - late as last • Saturday afternoon
her lawyers were, working on the suit
against her, but on T Saturday night a
compromise was reached whereby, she
settled $25,000 c-n the barytone as an
ante-nuptial gift and Ithen stopped the
suit by promising to marry him.
Accetta is tall and fine looking, with
a boyish , face that belles even his
twenty-four years. He has lived all
his life in the Italian quarter on the
East side,; where he met Mrs. SteNe,
and his brother had kept a real estate
and insurance office, the income of
which was so small that he gave his
evenings to singing at private gather
ings. He traveled about the city with
a four-piece string orchestra.
GREAT FALLS. Mont., Nov. 21.—
Word has reached here from Chouteau
of the discovery on Friday afternoon
of the corpse of Jacob Ralston in his
cabin in the Sun River country by,
Leonard J. Lowndes. who had been
dispatched to notify the famous trap
per that his father was on his death
bed. A message was found, evidently
written by Ralston when he. realized
that he was about ot die, as follows:
. "I have been up against Jim's gun'
and am shot." :
James Fisher, who lived with Ral-.
Eton last winter, . is believed by. the
officers to be the person referred to.iri
the dead Irian's message, and the.au-,
thorities/ are now engaged In a hunt
for him. Fisher is said to be wanted
by the Alaskan authorities for some
offense. : . •
Ralston was a brother oi State Sen
ator Samuel F. Ralston of Teton
County and" was well-known as -a
trapper and hunter of the Sun River
district. He was. shot through the
abdofmen.
It is thought the vessel that foun
dered may have been the San Fran
cisco barkentlne Makawell.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 21. — Captain
Corbenais of the French ship Guer
veur, which arrived In Royal Roads
Saturday night, reports that last
Wednesday he saw a four-masted ship
founder north of the entrance to U»j
Straits jof Juan de Fuca. A hurri
cane was blowing at the time and the
Guerveurwas hove to under staysails.
The Ill-fated four-master was a long
distance from the Guerveur, making it
Impossible for the French craft to ren
der aid while the sea was so tremend
ous.
Special Dler>«vCh to The Call.
Note Found With
Corpse Tells oi
¦ Murder. :;
Youth's Breach oi
Promise Case
i Succeeds. .
Captain oi a French
Craft Reports
Disaster.
It had been alleged that the railways
were being paid altogether too* much
for their service. The amount paid for
transportation during the last year was
more than $38,000.000 — a quarter of the
entire expenditure of the Postoffice De
partment. The system of weighing
mails for a given period on which to
base contracts for four years was se
verely attacked, and it was said that
the railways received notice In advance
when this weighing was to take place
in order that the mails might be in
creased at that time. It was even
charged that members of Congress were
given the tip when the roads In their
districts were to have the weighing pe
riod that they might bulge the mails
with franked matter. .;»._
President Roosevelt and Postmaster
General Wynne- now believe that the
Postoffice Department is fairly clear of
dishonest practices and that the way
is open for administrative reforms. The
investigation of the second, assistant's
office 1 , so far as it has to do with the
transportation of the mails, has been
going on in secret for several months
and was ordered by the President be
fore Postmaster General Payne's death.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— In the inves
tigation of the office of the Second As
sistant Postmaster General in connec
tion with the awards of railway mail
contracts that bureau has received a
vindication. No illegal collusion has
been found between any Government
official and railway managers, but it is
possible that recommendations will go
to Congress as a result of this Inquiry
for changes in the method of awarding
these contracts. There is a well ground
ed opinion among administration of
ficials that a system of competitive bids
should be introduced so far as possible.
ACCUSATION
PENNED BY
DYING MAN
CIVIL SUIT
WINS RICH
OLD WIDOW
SEES SHIP
FOUNDER IN
THE STRAITS
Ececlal Dispatch to The CalL
No Frauds in the
Railway Mail
Contracts.
Gazing flown from his elevation upon
the stare at Lyric Hall to the floor of
the auditorium, that was filled with
delegates to the American Federation
cf Labor convention. President Sam
uel Gompers yesterday defied Socialists
end the arts of Socialism. This was
the really picturesque and dramatic
episode of the labor convention to date.
"1 expect no quarter from the So
cialists," he said, "and they need ex
pect r.o quarter from me."
In the gallery, where there had been
en hour earlier an almost riotous out
burst of enthusiasm when Max Hayes,
the Socialist leader in the American
Federation convention, addressed the
ho-use, there was dull and sullen si
lence. Seven thousand Socialists cast
votes in this city at the last election.
In the nation there were polled 1,000,-
Im!0 Socialist votes approximately. In
the Lyric Hall galleries there were
confn*es*i.ted hundreds of as determined
and able Socialists as there are in the
United States.
For some years the Socialists have
been heard of at the annual conven
tions of the American Federation of
Labor. On the floor they have tried
vo ec.-xirnlt the federation to their pro
gramme by the adoption of some reso
lution; they failed. Yesterday the bat
tle was resumed.
Ultimately it led up to a fierce al
tercation in which Gompers and Presi
dent John Mitchell of the mine work
ers denied statements published in the
Socialistic newspapers of the United
States. The denunciation was a part
cf an episode that started mildly
enough and terminated only when the
convention was at white, heat.
The convention had been discussing
the elimination from a resolution by
the committee on resolutions of a cer
tain introductory "whereas," which, so
thought the wily members of the reso
lutions committee, was intended to
commit the convention, under cover
and unwittingly, to a proposition op
posed to- capitalism, in other words to
private ownership, and that would put
the convention on record as saying that
it opposed the ownership of property
by an individual.
SUSPECTED RESOLUTION".
The resolution was introduced last
Tveek by Delegate Victor Berger of Mil
waukee, who is the editor of a Social
ist paper published in Milwaukee. Pos
ribly this fact and the other important
fact that Victor's paper has been strong
in Its condemnation of the men at the
head of the American Federation of
Labor, attacking them personally, may
have made the committee on resolu
tions more suspicious than might other
wise have been the case, that there was
a "bug" in the resolutions or preamble.
First Vice President Duncan, the sec
ond in command in the affairs of the
American Federation, is the chairman
of the committee on resolutions. In the
membership of the committee are also
Frank K. Foster, W. D. Ryan, J. C.
Balhorn, William Cohen. R. H. Met
calfe, Frank B. Monaghan, D. D. Mul
cahy, Santiago Inglesias, Archie Grant
end John Slocum.
Yesterday afternoon the resolutions,
ehorn of the first part of the preamble,
along with other resolutions was sub
mitted to- the convention in the usual
v.ay. Secretary Frank K. Foster read
the paper that made the subsequent
outbreak.
Vice President Duncan stood by and
when some one from the body of the
house asked why the first "whereas"
had been dropped off made an explana
tion. This set the ball rolling. The pro
gress was continued until it terminated
with Gompers defiant, the Socialists re
buffed and sullen, the delegates other
than Socialists in their war paint and
full of fight.
If there was any immediate cause
that put the spark to the inflammable
material of the convention it was a
fiery and cleverly adapted speech that
was made by Delegate Maloney, the
youngest man in the convention. .Ma
loney rose after an hour had been con
sumed in debate and made a talk that
had fire in the undercurrent. ¦
Maloney is 22 years old, Irish by
parentage, red haired, of sandy com
plexion/ a printer from Lawrence,
Mass., tall and slim, active as a pan
ther and as full of "ginger" as might
b^ possible. He has a light, far-carry
ing voice, that when raised was dis
tinctly heard in every part of the hall
to the slightest accent and Inflection.
MALONEV MAKES ATTACK. .
As soon as Maloney was on his feet
he began to talk In a peppery fashion,
and from then on he did not mince
words. Close to him at the beginning
of his speech sat Delegate Victor L.
Berger, the Socialistic editor.
"I arn here," began Maloney, "not to
rpeak In the interest of any particular
party or to advance any political dis
ease. In the convention at Boston I
listened for a day and a half to the
debate on Socialism, and I cannot cast
a vote for the diseases of Socialism."
At this there was laughter along the
seats where the non-Socialistic mem
bers sat, but silence In the Socialistic
neighborhoods In the convention. Ma
i
loney did not pause, but went on, his
shrill voice rising higher and clearer
and more excitedly with each succeed
i ing sentence.
"The Socialists are opposed to the
principles of trade unionism in every
shape," he shouted. "The introducer of
the resolution that we have been con
sidering is Mr. Victor Berger, the edi
tor of a Socialistic newspaper in Mil
waukee.
"As the delegates passed out of this
convention, at the noon recess to-day,
they were handed a slip of paper, a
leaflet, on which was the question:
•Mitchell and Gompers, are they
traltors?'
•This question goes with' a statement
that Mitchell and Gompers dined at
the Exchange Club in Boston, with
President Eliot of Harvard University
and Thomas Hisrginson, and it is al
leged that the Exchange Club Is an
open or non-union house. Any and
every member of this convention
knows that it is a lie that the Ex
change Club is an unfair club. It has
never been so held."
Maloney was now so excited that his
voice was strained and almost to the
cracking pitch. His face was white
with excitement that was infectious in
the convention, where preliminary talk
had saved the way for an outburst.
"In this leaflet it is asked"— was fair
ly shrieked— "why does the lover of
"ecabs." referring to President Eliot, so
like Mr. Gompers and Mr. Mitchell? At
the bottom of the leaflet are the words
—^'send 10 cents for ten weeks' trial
of the Social Democrat, Milwaukee,
Wis.. and keep posted on labor mat
ters."
BERGER WANTS PROOF.
Berger was on his feet in an in
stant and demanded to have a copy of
the leaflet about which Malonev had
been talking.
Maloney speedily made his way to
the stagre, calling upon President Gom
pers to deliver to him a copy of the
leaflet that was in the possession of
the president of the American Federa
tion of I^abor.
Gompers met him at the edge of the
stage, the leaflet held out, and this
Maloney took and went back to his
place near the front of the hall and
there held up the paper, while the
crowd applauded and Jeered.
Berger looked at the print and said:
"Of course this was sent out by the
business office and I, as an editor* hate
never seen it before. Of course I am
responsible for all that is in the paper
of which I am an editor and I will
make good on It; even in what is in
this leaflet."
Berger then moved down toward the
door and Maloney continued. He de
nounced the Socialists as "a dishonest
and hypocritical party"; alluded to a
remark on the floor that this country
might have a bloody civil contest and
said that if this were so it would begin
only after a Socialist victory. There
would, he said, be no bloody revolu
tion. He also attacked the Socialists
on the score that they had not come
into the convention as men, but had
come under a cloak. He told the con
vention that he was a printer and In
that way had determined beyond doubt
that the leaflet he held had been
printed at Berger's place in Milwau
kee.
CAUSE OF DISTRUST.
What had already happened was
dwarfed in Interest by what followed.
Amid cries of "question," when Ma
loney was through with his talk, the
delegates demanded a vote on the res
olution that had made all the trouble.
That and the preamble In full are as
follows:
"Whereas, Th« unprecedented concentration
of wealth In the United States and the rapid
development of the truets in almost every
branch of Industry make It obvious that capi
talism will soon reach Its culmination point and
will have to make »-oom ror another phase of
civilization; and.
Whereas. It is evident that this nation Is
destined to take the lead In this grand strug
gle for better conditions and higher culture;
therefore, be It
Resolved, That we hereoy recommend to all
organization* affiliated with the American
Federation of Labor to have their members
study the economic eondltiorv to have lectures
upon these subjects In their lodgerooms and at
the mettlnRs eet apart for this purpose, and to
do everything Jn their power for the enlighten
ment and Intellectual advancement of the pro
letariat.
The first part of the preamble con
tains the words that the resolutions
committee objected to.
Early in the afternoon there had been
little stir In the debate until Max
Hayes, the leader of the Socialists in
the convention, rose to speak. Then all
necks. were craned to look at h(m and
all ears took In his speech of twenty
minutes. In which he spoke of Social
ism, and the gallery applauded wildly
until Gompers called the spectators to
order and forbade any demonstration
on their part.
Vice President Duncan, Secretary
Foster of the resolutions committee,
Ryan of the resolutions committee,
Treasurer Lennon, Delegate Dempsey,
W. B. Wilson and Delegate Zaring all
Epoke with more or less force against
bringing Socialistic discussions under
the terms of the resolution Into the
Federation of Labor, and also expressed
Chicago Federation Breaks Into Convention
and Gets Vote Pending Mediation.
Schardt Wins a Big Victory
DECLARES WAR AND SAYS
NO QUARTER CAN
BE EXPECTED.
DOUGLAS SLOAN E WATSON TELLS JURORS THAT
MISS DOLBEER WAS SANE WHEN SHE MADE WILL
ON the train" in Colorado a Socialist said to me that it made no difference whether Peabody was elected or not. Of course it didn't. The Socialists don't live in
Colorado nor in the United States. They live in a sphere all by themselves. At the Boston convention there were both applause and hisses by Socialists
and, after repeated requests on my part that they refrain from demonstrations of either approval or disapproval, and finally a warning to them, I had the
galleries cleared as a last resort amid the hisses of the retiring Socialists. I ask no, quarter and I tell you now that I will give no quarter! . I deny the right of men,
or of any man, to insinuate, as Berger did two months ago, that "if Gompers thought changing his mind would elect him to the Presidency of the nation, he
woqld change his mind." — From Speech of President Gompers Before the American Federation of Labor.
GOMPERS DEFIES
IN A RINGING SPEECH THAT IS DELIVERED BEFORE
DELEGATES OF AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR
THE SOCIALISTS
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Franeieco for
thirty hours, ending midnight Novem
ber 22:
Baa Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy,
unsettled weather Tuesday; probably
rain; fresh •oatheast •winds.
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Tfce Village Postmaster."
CALIFORNIA— "The Runaways."
CENTRAL — "Queen of th* White
Slaves."
COLUMBIA — "Her Own Way."
CHUTKS — Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "Tha Show Girl."
MAJESTIC— "The Taming of Helen."
OHPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOU — "The Messenger Boy."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCYI— NO. 175.
COLLUSION
NOT SHOWN
BY INQUIRYHEAD OF THE FEDERATION AND
OTHERS WHO FIGURED IN YES
TERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.
Together with other labor men there was
a plain open talk on unionism and there was
rot one word raid there that could not be
repeated openly and without explanation In
this convention. The charge* come with ill
price when it is known that the Socialists,
made up of parties suborned and paid, bribed,
boupht and sold in your political campaigns
to charge trades unionism with inconsistency
or any other conduct.
and were surprised to meet there President
Eliot of Harvard. There was not one word,
however, between him and me. If the op
portunity had presented itself I should have
tried to speak with him if only to convince
him of the error of his way.
distrust of the resolution as to its in
tont and real meaning.
Max Hayes, Berger, Ramsay. Burkf* j
and Yarnell took the Socialistic side.
Then tame the speech of Gompers. I
In repose Mr. Goir.ners is very like an j
ideal nicture of Mr. Pickwick in the i
t&atter »>f appearing to be amiable. He i
was not in an amiable mood now. His |
hands aere moving nervously. His j
Epeecb was slow and deliberate*, but hi? i
voice rasr>ed and showed the intensity I
of th<^ suppressed anger that he tried
to ke?i> down and out of sight.
WHAT GOMPERS SAID.
He sDoke in substance as follows:
1 TTgrft that as I was acting as chairman I
CI<1 not have the opportunity of -iiseuffing the
rn<nts of :r.«? resolution as introduced and rec
omirvnde.l l>r the committee on resolutions, but
J want in particular to answer tlr» statements
ani arjrumerna if those who. unior the gu!«e
of A simple and deceptive resolution, attempt
t-> Introduce th« yuestk.n of jwlitics and po
litical creeds into the American Federation of
L*bcc
It if uct fcixniitjr the arguments that I wish
to answer, but th.? personal attacks that I
uoul<j hav»- ; rfff-rred to meet. The opponents
ef true trades unionism hav» b.-cn dreaming
b*«utifu! tirfams thai th»y could only improve
l pon by iho use of return.
v\> am a-i.' . to foilow in, the lead of the po
litical mov<irnentB of th» workinKmen of Eu
ro]*- I pray that th* day may never tome
when ue sr* ccxnpeUed to.
A few months ago. as a celegate fnim the
miner.'. John Mitchell ttu.iied tte conditions in
Europe, and r.'.n-- years sgo I. a delegate to
the Mritish Trade* Knion Congress, aw the
conditions there. Thr«-e month* ago .the delf-
CUM f:om France visited thl* country to learn
</f the condition? of the American workingman
«ni they spent elmnst an entire day in my of
fice ...-¦• :.? questions and being Interrogated In
return by roe.. From them I learned that the
• undition o! the workingman in France has not "
imr»rcv.:J during the last twenty years.
Last October members of the American
Ke-demtion <it I^abor. including myself, at
tended the International Peac« Congress. On
the platform fat Fontaigne. a former Senator
of Bfiglum, »ho expressed regret that the
American workln^man had not roljowed Uw»
lead of the continental workinrman and Jn
the m:v. br»"ath announced that the condition
of the- Belgium workinjrman was worse than
thiit o' any other nationality ir. Europe.
No man can *ay that the condition cf the
American workh;£-man has be-eota? wor.SS since
JSGO. Look into your own homes asd pee if
Ibe statement is borne oat.
Do you know 1 claim rred!t in arousing the
public Judgment or The trad?* unionists of
the country to brinjj their influence tt make
th? foiiaJifcif of Cclrrado sjihtuned of thens
¦rlTM or they would have procured the re
elertinn of P. abofly? On the train in Colorado
a. Sorlalfrt Raid to- me that "it made no dif
ference whether Peabodr mm e'.rcte-l or not."
O* cocrfe it <Uan't. The &x-U.iiets don't live
In Colorado, x-or in th« Tnlied STat«>s. Trtey
live ir a epbere «J! fey themselTea. <-th-re»l
Zer.cirnl.
In oonnectJcn vlth tt.t •prrrj'nus statement
t-> the TjeitTn Ja the catteries I hav« repeat
edly r*r t i*rxtt3 that they refrain from demon
stration* of approval or disapproval. 1 have
always taalatained that fonwntloa« cf the
American Federation of Labor ought to be
conducted by th* iflf-sutrs.
It has bees the custom at all mer*tlncii or
tfce trades usiocids for the Socialirts to hare
Icrjre number* of thrir '. ,l}yw»rr pr»wnt to
pack tt* «a!l<T-iF* and asslM in notey donoo
¦tratJcn«. X'J» rappose we shooid Oiy that
¦w< wcTild have gwd elean-ent trades onlonisis
jnes«rt •wteaerer tbi» Socialist* nwt acd man
ifwt XbH&T fe*!5njr* by applause or hisssa.
Referring to the nomination of trades union
l*t« to legialative power pome months ago
Victw Berger xrrcte an article over his otto
signature on the logic of the Socialist position
Jn ertagTOlltzu; legislators even though they
Ik. tr-ade* n*sicoi*ts. If w» cnosent to men
T* >)i «M naflra. even though they J«. from the
t>ont arsA ii*o* mannlajcturern or the textile
u-Ili owners, it may be •ronetbisg toward tbe
good of trade* unloniat* or may assist in
Tesj&yzz «3 ajq earnest.
EXCHAAGE CXTB DINNER.
VTe wtt to the Exchasge CInb in Boston
Contlnsed From Pase I, Column 2.
I'll. go anywhere to preach trade* unionism.
Those who made them infamous charges know
they are untrue, and so knowing them un
truths you repeat them in your papers and pub-
ARE they traitors? Mr. Samuel Gompers, president of the A. F. of L.,^IVIr John Mit
chell, president of the Mine Workers, President Eliot of Harvard College, Mr. Thomas
Higginson and one or two others dined privately at the Exchange Club yesterday. , Mr.
Mitchell and Mr. Gompers were guests of the above named gentlemen. — Boston Herald,
Nov. 1 6, 1903.
"The 'scab' is a very good type of the modern hero." — President Charles W. Eliot of
Harvard College; in an address deliveted before the Economic Club, Boston, November 10,
1902.
In Buffalo, Jan. 22, 1903, President Eliot, speaking before 1500 high school pupils,
said: "In 1896 I took occasion to say in a public speech that *a scab is a hero.' I still see
nothing wrong in the remark."
On November 18, 1902, at New Orleans, the A. F. of L. passed resolutions condemn
ing Mr. Eliot's remarks as an uncalled for attack, but Mr. Gompers don't care for that, for
he was, and often is, the guest of President Eliot at the Exchange Club, a notoriously unfair
place and under the ban of the Central Labor Union.
1 -Nowwhy does the lover of scabs (Mr. Eliot) so love Mr. Gompers and Mr. Mitchell?
Why does President Eliot dine our President apd curse the rank and file ? Think it
over. If you think hard enough you may discover why the power of the labor movement
is so limited.
Send ten cents for ten weeks' trial of the Social Democrat, Milwaukee, Wis., and keep
posted on labor matters.
COPY OF THE LEAFLET.
To .Cure a Cold 'In One Day
Take Lajatlve Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature U on each box. 25c. •
4 Ironworkers Entertain..
The District Council of Bridge and
Structural Ironworkers entertained
the labor delegates in Scottish Hall
last evening. President Jones pre
sided. SDoeches and a fine programme
of exercises were supplied. Interna
tional President Frank Buchanan was
nresent and srjoke.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.—Comply
ing with the demand of President
Gompers of the American Federation
of Labor the Central Labor Union of
Washington to-night expelled the
Steam Fitters' Union, which had defied
the federation In failing to consolidate
vith the Plumbers* Union. As a result
of this action it is expected that eight
een of the largest and strongest unions
In the city, comprising the Allied
Council of Building Trades.-will with
draw from the central body and form
a separate organization.
Gompers' Command Is Obeyed by Cen
tral Labor Union, Washington. • t
STEAM FITTERS EXPELLED.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— The Cooks*
-and Walters' Union of Oakland will
give a reception to-morrow evening to
a number of the delegates to the con
vention of the American Federation
of Labor. \ The affair will be held at
•the headquarters of the union. Among
the speakers will be T. J. Sullivan,
president of the Bartenders' Interna
tional League of America; I. L. Sul
livan, secretar3'-treasurer of the same
organization; C B. Wiseman and C.
; W. Petry. president of the Alameda
County Central Labor. Council. The
members of the reception committee
are I. A. Lessee, George Walsh and
Ben Bales. :;¦;,,.
Reception to Delegates.
U«h them broadcast. Denounce me! Why, you
can't denounce me. There i» nothing you
can say that I care about, knowing it to be
false. .''
Our friend. Max Hayes, charges me with
having arranged In "Washington nome time
ago, with the powers that be. to retire vol
untarily from the presidency of this organiza
tion in order to be appointed to the position
now held by Carroll D. Wright. I suppose
he meant that that was to be my reward for
assisting the Republicans. On the other hand.
The Worker, the official Socialist organ, de
nounced me as a traitor to labor because I
helped Parker. Isn't that glaring inconsist
ency ?
I am sure no man can eay that he saw a
written opinion or heard any expression' from
me regarding either candidate or elthv party
during the entire campaign. I tried to keep
the skirts of the American Federation of La
bor clear from the besmirching of Democratic,
Republican or Socialist parties. Maybe I don't
know how to do that, but, please God, I'll try
as long as I am able.
To the charlatan, the self-seeking, the ego
tist, who prostitutes his abilities and Influ
ences for self-aggrandizement and'.galn, such
charges may make no impression. But I am
human. I have spent the greater and best
portion of my life in the cause of labor, and
thene charges, false though they are, leave
their sting. But so long aa I retain my. san
ity I will raise my voice and use my pen to
keep trades unionism dear of the mire of poll
tics.
UTTERS HIS DEFIANCE.
I aek no quarter and I tell you now I will
give ho quarter.' ¦
I deny the right of any man to ' insinuate.'
an Berger did two months ago,' that "if Gomp
ers thought that changing his mind would elect
him •• to the Presidency of the nation 'he'd
change hi* mind." I can only' account for
such a statement by saying that we believe
others think as we do, and that Berger's be
lieving such a thing of me shows . that ¦ It is
th« first thin* he would do himself.
Mr. Berger, while on the floor a few mo
ments ago, said that he would stand for any
thing his paper printed, "even this latest at
tack. In what way have I been unfaithful
t<> the unionists? In what way have they
been betrayed? Last year, after the Boston
convention, the Socialist paper* declared that
they would "put me out of business" and at
I accord the right ¦ to every man to vote as
he chooses. I ««hall * permit no man to tell
me for whom or for what party I must vote
and I] demand the same rights for my or*
canlzatlon.
explanation of, the dinner at the Exchange
Club', in Boston. Mr. Gompera has explained
that thoroughly. ¦ But I want to tell the del
egates that had w e succeeded at that dinner
la ,,, reachlnlf an "Kreement with the textile
mill owners no disastrous strike would have
been necessary and the levy on the trades
unions of the large sum of money a few days
ago would never have occurred. ,
If this charge had been the only one di
rected at me 1 would have let it, go by with
out answer, but the fact Is that nearly every
paper of the Socialists is full or attack* on
the officers of the Federation of Labor. The
miners sent me to Europe. From there the
Socialist papers published reports of my llvln*
like royalty.
In West Virginia I found a former member
of our executive board whom we had ex
pelled for an offense against the laws of the
country, employed by the Socialists for the
purpose of disrupting unionism. I don't care
what they say about me, but I do care about
what they attempt to do to my organization.
In the central districts of Pennsylvania the
trades unionist! called a masi-meeting for
the purpose of teaching and advancUiK union
ism. The Socialists also called meetings at
the same time and In the same places. They
did so because they were afraid the men
would organize. And throughout the district
men were openly invited to leave their unions,
give up their charter and join the Socialist
party because the unions would not admit the
party.
Philadelphia Body Votes for Affilia
tion of Cumberland and Regular
Presbyterian.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 21. — The
Philadelphia presbytery to-day by a
vote of 82 to 46 decided In favor of
the affiliation of. the Cumberland
Presbyterian church with the Presby
terian church of the United States.
According to figures shown at, to
day's meeting. 73 of the 24 5 presby
teries in the Presbyterian church of
the United States have voted in favor
of affiliation and seven against. A
two-thirds vote of the general assem
bly is necessary to carry the overture.
In the Cumberland Presbyterian
church 29 presbyteries have voted in
favor of the proposition and 10
against.
UNION OF CHURCHES
GENERALLY FAVORED
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OAKLAND. Nov.
2i. The following marriage licenses were 1»
«ue<l by the County Clerk to-day: William
Mason. 22. and Maybelle Alien. 1% both of
Point Richmond: Milton J. Heiguera. 21. in*
May E. Herges, I*, both of Oakland; Manuel
Costa, 55. and Carlotta Aurella, 55. both of
Oakland: Archibald Wilson. 35. and Chrlsttn*
Richardson, 27, both of Oakland.
California calendars — best ever — ready
for mailing. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
MITCHELL ALSO TALKS.
, Close on the heels of the speech by
Gompers came one from Mitchell, which
was shorter than , that delivered by
Gompers and more exclusively personal
In its character. Mitchell said:
It Is useless for rat to make any further
Believn me, no position is more exalted than
the presidency, but if this convention should
at any time honor me that way it must be
bcause I at least keep my self-respect. I think
that we should tell the truth of each other
and not descend to lies and calumnies and
arouse division in the ranks of union labor.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21. — Dr. Henry M.
Lyman. formerly dean of Rush Med
ical College and one of the most wide
ly known physicians in the 'West, died
to-night of neuralgia of the heart.
Dr. Henry M. Lyman Dead.
VALLEJO, Nov. 21.— Assistant Sec
retary of the Navy Darling, who is
paying an official visit to this coast, is
receiving much attention here. This
afternoon a reception was given in
honor of Judge and Mrs. Darling by
Admiral and Mrs. McCalla. The officers
and ladies of the Mare Island naval
station were in attendance, and a num
ber of the prominent citizens of Val
lejo called to pay their respects. To
night Judge Darling was the guest of
the Vallejo Chamber of Commerce at a
banquet at the Bernard. The guests
included Senator Perkins, Congressmen
Knowland and Kahn, Admiral McCalla,
Commanders Gerring. Moore and Ran
son; Medical Director Simons, Pay Di
rector Kerr, Captains Tilly and Berwell,
Civil Engineer Rosseau. J. B. Dale,
president of the Vallejo Trades and
Labor Council, and all the navy yard
foremen. Frand R. Devlin, president
of the Chamber of Commerce, presided.
Assistant Secretary Darling spoke at
some length. He said he had visited
Bremerton and is now inspecting Mare
Island. He was much pleased with the
great naval establishments on this
cdhst *nd thinks their improvement and
growth will be steady. He compliment
ed the workmen on the good work they
turn out.
Senator George C. Perkins, ranking
member of the Senate Naval Commit
tee, spoke of the growth and present
greatness of the American navv, and
referred with pride to Pacific Coast
contributions to our fleet.
Congressman-elect Knowland said he
would endeavor to take up the naval
work so successfully prosecuted by
former Congressmen and advance the
interests of the Mare Island Navy Yard
to the fullest extent.
Among the others who spoke enter
taingly were Admiral McCalla and Con
gressman Kahn.
\ Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding P1!e».
Tour druggist will refund money If PAZO OINT
MENT fails to cure you in tf to 14 days. 8Oc #
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Assistant Secretary of the
Navy Darling Impressed by
Coast Naval Establishment
PLEASED WITH
MARE ISLAND
NEW YORK, Nov. 21. — J. Pierpont
Morgan was unanimously elected
President of the Metropolitan Museum
of Art to-day at the regular quarterly
meeting. Morgan succeeds the late
Frederick W. Khinelander and by his
election the office of first vice presi
dent, which place he hitherto held, is
left vacant.
Elected to Succeed the Late Frederick
W. Rhinelander In New
York.
A reception was given to the na
tional officers and visiting delegates to
the American Federation of Labor
Convention in the Alhambra Theater
last night by the Riggers' and Steve
dores' Local Union No. 222. H. F.
Keohn, president of the local union,
was chairman and addresses were
made by the visiting delegates. Dur
ing the evening refreshments were
liberally dispensed and between the
speeches vaudeville acts were intro
duced to add a spice of merriment.
Among the speakers were Samuel
Gompers, John Mitchell and James
Duncan, national officers; Daniel J.
Keefe of Detroit, John J. Joyce of Buf
falo and H. C. Bartell of Detroit, na
tional delegates, and Delegates Wig
nail and Abrams from Great Britain.
All were enthusiastically greeted and
their sentiments roundly applauded.
As was anticipated the 'convention
unanimously seated Schardt, represent
ing the Chicago Federation of Labor,
yesterday. President Gompers was in
structed to go to Chicago and endeavor
to impress upon the Chicago Federation
the necessity of complying with the
law of the American Federation. If the
Chicago Federation does not see the
error of its ways within thirty days
its charter will be finally revoked. Dur
ing the thirty days the matter will be
in suspension. In the meantime, how
ever, Schardt is seated and the Chica
go Federation has as much power in
the convention as if it had not defied
the convention by non-obedience to
commands by the executive council of
the American Federation.
A lively tilt took place on the con
vention floor yesterday in reference to
accepting advertisements for the Fed
erationist, the organ of the American
Federation, from "unfair" business
houses, to bring non-union goods be
fore the readers of the Federationlst,
all of whom are members of the Amer
ican Federation. A bunch of resolu
tions was adopted, among which was
one denouncing the Citizens' Alliance
of the Cripple Creek district in Colora
do, as "that gang of criminals." And
Governor Peabody was called "that
capitalistic tyrant." A resolution was
adopted for the exclusion of Japanese
from the United States. A resolution
that instructed delegates to move to
have the practice of law open to every
c-ne was rejected.
This forenoon the special order will
be reports from the Western Federa
tion of Miners.
The delegates to the conyention will
hold a mass meeting at the Alhambra
Theater to-morrow, night. -Among the
speakers will be Samuel Gc-mpers. J.
M. Duncan, W. Abraham, James Wig
nail and J. H. Flett.
» — . -
Meeting: at the Alhambra.
Berger secured the floor to make an
swer relating to the leaflet and the
agency of his newspaper therein. His
statement was as follows:
I had no knowledge of the squib issued by
the business office of my paper, but being
the associate editor of the paper I assume
responsibility, and if wrong is done 1 am
then subject to your censure.
I cannot see anything wrong In that squib
If you look at it in the right light. (I*ughter.)
There is no statement in that squib. It
"merely asks "Are Mitchell and Gompera
traitors?" There is a question mark. There
is no answer. Then it quotes a statement of
the Boston Herald that Mitchell and Gompers
dined at the Exchange Club with President
Eilot of Harvard, the enemy of labor.
I cannot understand why the business office
published such a leaflet, but it is simply ask
ing a question and not an expression of opin
ion. We do not believe in the policy of C-omp
ers and Mitchell and we take every oppor
i tunity of fighting them. I suppose this is one.
no time in the history of this organization has
the vote indorsing me been so unanimous us
that of the last year.
When these men are dead and gone few
will remember them. I feel sure that many
a hard working man will thank God that
there have been men good and true in the
labor movement who have guided It through
Its 8torm3 to the advanced positions it will
occupy.
MORGAN MADE PRESIDENT
OF METROPOLITAN MUSEUM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
Assails Peabody and Cripple Creek Citizens* Alliance
FEDERATION CONVENTION HAS TILT OVER
ADVERTISING NON-UNION HOUSES.
2
101 SANDWICHES 101 SALADS
101 CANDIES 101 BEVERAGES
101 CHAFING DISH RECIPES
5 Gustatory Classics invaluable for all occasions. Each volume
Paper, 50c net. Post 4c.
Canvas, $1.00 net. Post 5c.
PAUL ELDER ®b CO.
238 POST STREET . . . SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVlER'n^ag^TS.
II Brand m
11 Evaporated f I
11 Gream |
KJ because It is most concentrated; E j
tgll because richest in cream; HH
x ] s3 because most skillfully fftt
Wmk Its purity is guaranteed KB J
fill under forfeit of $5,000 to pjjB
igfl anyone able to prove rgfici
/%§& any adulteration in our BBBl
PERFECT
'AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a centtuy
PREPARED BV
ICARTERSl clRE SICK H£ADACHE>
SPittie Genuine Must Bear
3 IVER Fao-Simiie Signature
J|PILL.S. -7^~~~
ADVERTISEMENTS;
The Genuine is Manufactured by the jy^lfe^ll^S
The full name of the company, California Pig Syrup Co., V^^'v^^^^^^^^^S
fa printed on the front of every package of the genuine. 1;£ '^^wf^^^^^^
The Genuine- Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original Wt\^&0S£m
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere ?^ift*&^^
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imita- teSSS^^^^M
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable *^|P^®^^^^H
dealers. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should fei^^^^^fflj
thcrefofe be declined. llS^^^^S
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its beneficial effects. V^^^V^S]^]
It cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches
when bilious or constipated; prevents fevers and acts best on the yffy^ISfll^j
I kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial ¥s?U ralPJif
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge, It is the V^j^'BSS|9
laxative remedy of the well-informed. j$&f$-+&W&tt
Always buy the Genuine- Syrup of Figs +^ffi jj f£^0^w
MANUFACTURED BY THE J^^i^M^J>^K%1 Ij*
-^ PRICE HFErCEOTS PEH-BOTTTS \ 4 -. t J»^:!:'??plALLEGED SCHEMERS
AT BAR OF JUSTICE
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21. — A new
postoflk-e has been established at Or
cutt. Santa Barbara County, George
Feignson postmaster. Ray E. Murphy
has been appointed postmaster at Es
parto; G. E. Barter has been ap
pointed postmaster at Manhattan.
2-ios Ans eles County.
New California Postmasters.
CnCdXNATT, Not. 21. — Coroner
Weaver to-day begaa an Inquest In the i
case of C A- Parker, vice president of j
the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton
and Pere Marquette railroads, who fell
dead In his office here on Wednesday
laiet. No autopsy was held at the time
of his death, as no request was made,
and the death certificate gave no cause
cf death, merely saying: "inquest pend
ing.-
CHICAGO. Nov. 21. — Suicide, while
temporarily Insane over the loss of
her betrothed, was the verdict of the !
Coroner's jury to-day in the case of
Ella Gesterllns, whose dead body was
found Saturday in the girl's apart
ments at the Vendome HoteL The j
dxath of the young woman, according
to the police theory, may have been
the result of a suicide agreement en
tered into by the dead girl and Charles
A- Parker of Cincinnati, a well-known
railroad official. Parker died suddenly
in Cincinnati under circumstances that
might indicate that he had taken his
OTrn life. The inquest in the case of
Miss Gesterling, however, failed to
brinu out any confirmation of the al
ltped pact.
Miss Gerierlir.ff was formerly one of
Parker's stenographers in Denver and
Iho friendship existing: between them
was strong enough to cause comment.
The result was the girl's removal to
Chicago. Correspondence between
Parker and the young woman -was in
tercepted by J. H. Parker, the 20-year
cliJ son of the railroad official. In this
manner. It is said, the young man
learned that his father contemplated
obtaining a divorce In order that he
m?sht marry Miss Ge?ter!ing. Grief
over this discovery and a feeling of
Fhame at the father's entanglement
v.er* the c-iusos, it is believed, of the
eon's stiicide recently In St. Louis.
finji iffy Made Into Girl's Soicide
nod Death of the Kail
road 3Ian»
Thm Jury which, will try the case is
as follows: E. A. Griffin, stockman' of
L>ufur; John B. Bridges, contractor of
Portland; J". Lv Howard, stockman of
Heppner; J. L. Barr.house, stockman
cf Wheeler County: G. H. Newell of
It required but two and a half hours
to secure the necessary twelve men and
when the work was completed Hall
stated that as he had expected that it
would require at least all day he was
not prepared to commence his opening
argument and at his request the case
went over until to-morrow.
PORTLAND, Nov. £L— Not in recent
years, _if ever before, has there been
such aToncourse <<f people at a trial in
a United States Court In this city as
that which witnessed the beginning of
the widely known land fraud cases of
the Government of the United States
against Err.ir.a L. Watson, Marie Ware,
S. A. D. Ruter. Horace G. McKinley,
D. W. Taxpley, Harry C. Barr. Frank
H. Wolpamett and others.
The examination of jurors was con
ducted by Thomas O'Day of counsel
for the defense, and by United States
Distract Attorney John E.~HaJl on the
part of the Government. Contrary to
expectation the selection of a jury was
not a difficult task. The Jurors were
asked the usual questions and in ad
dition stress was laid upon the senti
ment of the talesmen . regarding the
conviction of a woman. They were
asked if their verdict would be influ
enced by the fact that there are two
women defendants in the case.
PAEKER PIJAXTCED TO WED
MISS rer/TA. GESTERLING
Lake View; A. E. Austin, merchant of
Woodburn; A. Blevins of Albany; J. C.
Weatherly, farmer of Wallowa County;
C. H. Duncan, farmer of Baker Coun-
ty; W. H. Dllley, contractor of Benton
County; I. M. Foster, farmer of Clat
sop County, and Richard Waugh,
stockman of Umatilla County.
TWO WOVEN AOAXXST "WHOM THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT IS ARRAYED IN AN ENDEAVOR TO PROVE THAT
THCV WITH A NUMBER OF MEN ENTEIiED IXTO A CONSPIRACY TO OBTAIN GOVERNMENT LAND WITHOUT COM
rLYLXG WITH THU LAWS OF THE COUNTRY.
BROOKLYN, Nov. 21. — To fall fif
teen feet from a window to the ground
in his sleep, to break three ribs and
his right arm and receive a serious
cut over the eye, and then, still asleep,
to get on his feet and walk a quarter
of a mile before being discovered and
awakened by a policeman, was the ex
perience of Charles McCauley. 65 yeara
old, early to-day. The somnambulist
was found wandering on a distant
street. Hi3 face and body were cover
ed with blood, but the officer had to
shake him violently to awaken him.
He was taken to the hospital In a seri
ous condition.
Aged Man Then Walked Quarter of
a Mile. When Policeman
Awakened Him.
FELL AXD BROKE HIS RIBS.
BUT CONTINUED TO SLEEP
We exoect to show that her father, John
Dolbeer. began his career in California as a
workman in the woods. That he later engaged
in the lumber business In Humboldt County,
forming a partnership with William Carson.
We will show that Mrs. Dolbeer died in 1R79.
when Bertha was 3 years of age. At the time
of the birth of Bertha the mother was in good
The attorney told of the efforts of
Mrs. Phillips to compel Miss Warren,
through the executors, to pay her \ a
bonus of $15,000, as was brought out
when she was on the stand for rne
contestant. The aged woman sat In
the first row among the spectators and
she started a number of times to rise
from her chair while Pillsbury was tell
ing his story. Her lips were moving
as if the words she would utter "were
on her tongue, and a scene was looked
for. But Mrs. Phillips controlled her
self and 'the exciting incident that ap
peared momentarily forthcoming did
not materialize..
Pillsbury's opening statement was as
follows:
There. Is . but one issue in this case, the
question of the soundness of mind of Bertha
Marion Dolbeer. The' question at issue | is
whether Bertha Dolbeer at the time she made
her will had sufficient mental capacity to un
derstand the value of her act, had &¦ proper
comprehension of her. property interests and
of whom she favored with her bounty.
We expect to show that IBertha Dolbeer was
a youns woman of 27 years, of good educa
tion, of more than ordinary intelligence, kind,
lovable and considerate disposition. - of a char
acter that was respected and admired. She
had more than usual ability for one of her
years In managing her property interests, mak
ing investments and looking after her house
hold affairs. At the same time she took an
active part in society, giving entertainments
and beln? entertained, conversing on all sorts
of matters.
Aside from the important testimony"
of Watson, the day was full ' of
Interest. Scattered about the crowd
ing audience sat a number of the
city's fairest society maids. There
were two or three .matrons about
whom the young women clustered.
They \ had all been subperiaed
to testify concerning, the condition
of the mind of Miss Dolbeer, with
whom they; were intimate. Many
more are to be summoned to the stand,
but the attorneys -require the presence
of only a few at a time. Among those
in attendance . yesterday were Miss
Ruth McNutt, Miss Mary Josselyn,
Miss Virginia Jolliffe, Mrs. A. J. Bran
der, Mrs.. Sands W. Forman and Mrs.
Asnton Potter.
If the- proponents of the will make
out their case as Pillsbury says' they
will, there will be short shrift for the
contest. He explained his side with
thoroughness. But he did not forbear
to > apply the sting of invidious com
ment here and there on the contestant's
case. He said .bluntly that Mrs. Eliz
abeth C Phillips, who was not content
with her bequest of $10,000 and gave
testimony in behalf of the contestant
by .declaring 1 that Miss Dolbeer was
mentally unsound, was undeserving of
the bounty shown her.
SCORES MRS. PHILLIPS.
ice and by agreement of counsel the
trial proceeded with eleven jurors. At
torney-E. S. Pillsbury was engaged in
making the opening statement of the
proponents till late in the afternoon,
promising to establish facts by evi
dence it will take several weeks to in
troduce.
The complaint then avers that Flei
sher, in 1870, advised his wife to go
to her old home for her health. He
gave her $300 for the trip and when
she eot there she had only $50 left.
She made demands for enough to re
turn to San Francisco, but he sent
only small sums, not exceeding $100
in all, and at the end of seven years
ceased his correspondence. The wife'
states it is her belief that he was
tired of her and took thisTneans of
getting rid of her. He is characterized
as having been a licntious and profli
gate man. On September 4 last the
news of his death reached Krakau.
but the wife did not learn that she
had been divorced until October 5.
In support of the action for an in
junction it is stated that Esther Flei
sher is in possession of SC0.56C of per
sonal property belonging to the estate,
which is more than enough to pay
the debts. She has, it is said, agreed
to purchase the claims of Bernard
Fleisher and Mrs. Bush and Mrs.
Levy, when she would have the entire
estate under h»^r control.
The first move toward getting the
estate of Wolf Fleisher for the woman
in Krakau, Austria, who claims to be
the widow of the deceased hatmaker,
was made yesterday by Attorney Ar
thur H. Barendt. He filed a suit to
set aside the divorce obtained by
Fleisher from his second wife in 1876
and for an injunction to prevent the
third widow, Esther Fleisher, from
disposing of the $250,000 estate until
the rights of the contestant are deter
mined.
The action is entitled Riffke Gluck
lidh Fleischer against Esther Fleisher,
as administratrix; Bernard Fleisher,
Rose Bush, Miriam Levy and Cecelia
Fleisher. Bernard is tha son of the
first wife, divorced, and Mrs. Bush and
Mrs. Vjjcvy are daughters of a dead
child of the first Mrs. Flelkher.
In the complaint it is first stated
that the deceased was also known as
Adolf Fleischer. He married the con
testant on February 12, 1867, and died
intestate on April 21 of this year.' The
Austrian claimant says that the en
tire estate of $250,000 is community
property and therefore hers.
On December 2, 1875, Fleisher com
menced suit in the Third District
Court for divorce on the ground of
desertion, alleging that his wife had
left him in 1868. On January 7, 1876,
In support of a petition "for publica
tion of summons he made an affidavit
that she was living at "Cricer, empire
of Austria." On April 24 the case was
heard before a referee and three days
later the decree vras • granted. The
only witnesses were Fleisher and May
Tully. They testified that Mrs.
Fleisher deserted in 1870, a variance
of two yeara from the statement In the
complaint. ' . :
In basin- the charge of fraud and
perjury it is contended that Fleisher
knew there was no such town in Aus
tria as "Cricer," and that his wife was
at Krakau. Still he mailed the sum
mons to Cricer. It i3 declared that
he designedly arranged for the publi
cation of the summons and sent the
alleged notice through the mails Jin
order to prevent it- from reaching nis
wife.
identified the instrument shown him
and the Jurors were allowed to scrutin
ize photographic copies of it. The wit
ness related incidents of the visit of the
testatrix to his office on April 23. 1904.
to have him attest her signature. His
brother. Arthur S. Watson, was in the
office and when his name was suggest
ed for the other witness she acquiesced
at once. Watson proceeded:
I called her attention to the fact that wit
nesses wore unnecessary, inasmuch as it wa»
a holographic will, but she said sho preferred
to have It witnessed.
After the will was executed we engaged In
general conversation and Miss Dolbeer ex
pressed pleasure over her success in arranging
affairs so she could leave (or Europe. Con
cerning the testament, she said she had fol
lowed her father's will In making her own and
had not consulted an attorney.
A week or two later the witness met
Miss Dolbeer at a social gathering. At
no time did her manner seem strar.ga
or unusual. "Miss Dolbeer was just
herself," was Watson's answer.
"Was she rational or Irrational when
she executed her will?"
"She was perfectly rational; her mind
was perfectly sound."
Then came the determined effort of
Hiram Johnson to break down the tes
timony of Watson. It was a brilliant
effort, but did not avail with much ad
vantage. Watson admitted frankly
that he did not read the will before he
witnessed it and that he thought his
wife had been named as a beneficiary.
He understood she was so favored in
Miss Dolbeer's first will. He also ad
mitted that, he urged Ray Sherman and
Fred Moody, who are now not In sym
pathy with 'Mlsa Warren, that the fam
ily should stand together and uphold
the will. But he could not be shaken
as to the material points of his testi
mony.
While her husband was on the stand
Mrs. Watson left the courtroom, becom
ing nervous over the hot fire of con
testant's counsel In the cross-examina
tion.
The cross-examination will be re
sumed this morning.
On application of the attorneys for
the proponents of the Dolbeer will.
Judge Cofftey yesterday ordered a com
mission Issued to David < Sullivan of
Chicago to take the depositions of Mrs.
Lena E. Thompson, also of Gale. Per
cival and James Thompson, whose evi
dence Is said to be necessary to the
case.
John Dolbeer in his will spoke of Miss War
ren as a • member of the family and left her
a bequest of $25.0CO. And Miss Dolbeer in her
lifetime had said that Miss Warren had been
a mother, brother and sister to her. They were
like sisters, and the testatrix said she would
make provision for Miss Warren, no matter
what happened. No person could have been a
more proper selection for the bounty of Miss
Dolbeer.
TELLS OF EXECUTION OP WILL.
Douglas Sloane Watson was the first
witness for the proponents. As one of
the witnesses to the conte3ted will, he
We will Fhow that on April 27, when Mls«
Dolbeer started for Europe, she was happy
and natural, and spoke enthusiastically of her
trip. Cn her return lo New York Miss Dolheer
took apartments with Miss Warren at the Wal
dorf-Astoria. The morning before her death
?he bought tickets for San Francisco and drew
money from the bank. ' She attended to her af
fairs intelligently and sanely.
M!ss Dolhcer m<"t her death by falling from
a window cf the hotel. No human being can
tell ,the exact circumstances of her death, for
no hurran eye saw her. It is quite as probable
that the fatality was accidental or intentional.
This contest was Instituted by Adolph
Schandor. a brother of Miss Dolbeer's mother.
In a procee-.ling In the early stages of this con
test he said under oath that since Mias Dolbeer
was three years of age he had never spoken a
word with her. She was pointed out to him
about three years ago, and after ¦ that he «a*
her on the street once. We will show that
Mi?s Dolbeer did not know whether Adolph and
Horatio Schander were in existence. The other
helr-at-Iaw, Mrs. J. L. Moody, a sister of the
Schandorn, was in affluent circumstances and
there was no occasion for Mlsa Dolbeer to re
member her.
The residue of Miss Dolbeer's estate was be
queathed 'lo-Miss Etta Marion Warren. Shs
provided that In the event of the death of Mtvs
Warren, who was 38 years of ag« when the will
was rrade. before that of the testatrix, who
was then 27 years old. Mrs. Douglas Sloane
Watson, her oousin. should taka the place of
residuary legatee.
Every person named in the will was a proper
beneficiary and naturally to be selected by Mlsa
Dclbcer for her bounty. All were denervinff.
with one exception. The exception in Elizabeth
C. Phillips, to whom was left $10,000. Mrs.
Phillips subsequently demanded $25,000 from
the executor!), under threat of testifying in
support of a contest of the will.
MRS. PHILLIPS AFTER JIOXEY.
"It's money I want, and it's money I'm af
ter," was what Mrs. Phillips told the execu
tors.
The bequest of $10,000 to Ethel P. Roche ex
plains Miss Dolbeer's decision to destroy her
first will and make another one. Miss Roche's
mother died after the first Instrument was exe
cuted and the young lady was compelled to go>
out to earn her livelihood. Miss Dolbeer's
sympathy was aroused for the girl.
Early In the present year Miss Dolbeer
planned the trip to Europe, which was delayed
a few weeks because her physician insisted
that she take the "rest cure." her activities
In society having taxed her strength.
On April 23. 1604. Miss Dolbeer executed her
lust will She had made a previous will, but
she destroyed this one. On April 23 she went
to" the office of Douglas S. Watson and asked
him and his brother to witness her testament,
she dating and signing the Instrument in their
presence.
In April. 1902. John Dolbeer was taken East
for the benefit of his health. They returned
durinr the summer and In July went to Del
Monte, because John Dolbeer was becoming
worse. They came back to San Francisco on
August 1 and on August 13 John Dolbeer died.
We expect to show that after some months
Miss Dolbeer recovered from her grief over her
father's death and a sain took up association
with her friends.
DEVOTED TO HIS DAUGHTER.
The relation* between John Dolbwr and his
daughter were of the most affectionate charac
ter. The father devoted his life to the com
fort and education of his child.
Mips Warren was employed aa teacher and
governess when Bertha was 9 years of age.
and afterward becam* her assistant, compan
ion and friend. Their relations gr.w to b« ot
the most close and affectionate character.
health and of sound mind. Mrs. Dolbeer re
mained in good health till a few months before
her death.
Woman in Austria Claims a
Share of the Big Estate
Left by Wolf Fleisher
DIVORCED WIFE
ALLEGES FRAUD
THE SAN KKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
MRS. PHILLIPS IS NOT SPARED
JURY HEARS OPENING- STATEMENT
OF COUNSEL FOR THE PROPONENTS
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. r
/ )|S thoughts revert to pleasant visions and happy memories. ' /'^^S^^^^^^^f
vM^^^^te^S^^rtvi and by best we mean llle best you can a^ ord to wear - r 7
But it matters not in our store. We are prepared M
F^T^^^^^^^^^^^p^s^ with every grade of wearing apparel to meet every one's rfWsM^V B^S^Plt *
)']) wttt mechanics. A great number trade with us because they / '
Mf^^^TOiSh^'L^^^^^^f^^ This is everybody's store because anybody can get WsL?^^
Tuxedo and Full Dress Suits Prince Albert Suits Overcoats and Business
If the dinner is held after-sundown a Tuxedo or If the dinner is held before'sundown, a Prince ' SlUtS
full dress is the proper garment Albert, a cutaway or a black business suit with When it comes to selecting the overcoat if is a
We have these dress clothes ready to wear at white vest is appropriate. \ matter entirely with you as to style and length.
various prices, but whatever price you pay you may We have these garments ready to wear in ° ur C 2! lectio " contai "s every length from a 30-inch-
know you are getting full value for your money. • various cloths from $!o ..to $35., \ . p^rTnge from \xlZ^ %
Tuxedos from $15 to $35. Be your appropriation anywhere within this if you want a business suit of the latest fall
Full dress suits from $22.50 to $35. range it will buy the most clothes-value in our pattern in single or double breasted style, we can
[ Store. : ; please you at any price from $10 to $35.
1TTTfnf\i rflirt OX Stn#l Uah Mail orders filled— write us. £:*£; wjm •- « r .
furmsnings ana nats i— — . . ; , _ . -¦ ¦¦ ¦ ' White Y ests
We have all the accessories, too, for your .» -^ A /yv &"^ * JT* White vests add immeasurably to your attire.
Thanksgiving outfit— shirts, collars, neckties, gloves, CsL li Bii I? M €\ High-cut 6-button washable white vests, for
hosiery, underwear and hats. All may be had at % ¥% W W \j \J %J (&) i %J ™g m^^^^^ ayS A '~
satisfactory prices. Market Street lso ful1 dress vests fror " $2 ' 00 10 $ 3 -°°-NEW I VERSION OF THE AFFAIR.
HAND CUT OFF Br MACHINE.— Andrew
- "McCarthy, residing at 1033 Howard Btn-et
employed In the Eajri* tannery on San Bruno
Kvenue. while workir.s on what is known as
e "Xairer." got his left hand cut off at the
arrt« Joint. McCarthy .-a, placing hides on
a. platform with the inteption of having them
-dipped of the hair when h\, hand was drawn
•ur.<Ter the revolving; blade. The Injured man
•mrhs removed to the City and Count- Hospital
•where Dr W. M. Lawlor tied the arteries
mrA Pressed the amputated arm
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 21. — Gen
eral Kuropatkln, telegraphing under
yesterday's date, reports a daring deed
accomplished by four- volunteers of a
Russian patrol on November 16. While
reconnoitering the patrol discovered
a Chinese building occupied, by
twenty-five Japanese. * Four riflemen
volunteered to blow uo the placet and,
armed with grenades loaded \ with
pyroxylin, the riflemen succeeded in
evading the sentries, placed ' the
grenades and retired undetected.^ A
few minutes later the grenades ex
ploded and completely . wrecked..! the
building. When Japanese reinforce
ments arrived they found all the oc
cupants dead or wounded among the
ruins.
Twenty-Five Japanese K1H< I or
Wounded by Grenades.
BUELDIXG BLOWN UP.
It la highly probable that the Thales
is the German steamship Batelan,
which, as 'mentioned in a dispatch
from Toklo to-day, was captured by
the Japanese on the morning of No
vember 19 while steaming for Port
Arthur. - r .\- : Y.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21,. — A gang of
hoodlums attempted to wreck the bar
room of the Liberty Hotel, at the cor
ner of Post and San Pedro streets, at
an early hour this morning. Before
dispersing they exchanged a number
of shots with Policeman Guerin. No
one was hit, however. The crowd,
composed mostly of Mexicans, gained
entrance to the hotel on the plea that
they wanted to engage rooms for the
night. After getting into the barroom
they demanded drinks, which the bar
tender refused to serve. They then
began to smash the furniture in the
placp. Policeman Guerin was sum
moned and the shooting followed.
ROYAli ARCH BALX. TO-NIGHT.— The
fourth anniversary ball of San Francisco
Lodgre No. 2. Knights of the Royal Arch, will
b« given at Native Sons* Hall to-night.
Mexicans Attempt to Wreck a Saloon
In San Jose When Re
fused Drinks.
Communications by the hundred
from all over the country are still be
ing received by the ministerial com
mittee of the National Christian
church convention, which is to be held
in San Francisco next August asking
questions as to accommodations and
other matters. At the meeting the
Christian church ministers yesterday
morning In the auditorium of the Y.
M. C. A.' the Rev. P. C. Macfarlane
presided and the Rev. Walter M.
White, D." D., spoke In enthusiastic
terms of the outlook for the big gath
ering.
The Rev. Frank S. Ford, the Rev.
Mr. Boyer of Oakland, the Rev. Mr.
Darst of .Berkeley and Dr. J. P. Dar
gltz, State missionary of the Christian
church, spoke of the great body, of
visitors expected here.
Professor. Landon addressed the
Presbyterian Ministers* Association
yesterday and gave an interesting ac
count of the Pan-Presbyterian coun
cil which he attended recently in Liv
erpool. Among the things he told was
the splendid reception given . Presi
dent Roosevelt's message to the coun
cil, when Englishmen, Scotchmen,
Irishmen, Welshmen and delegates
from Switzerland vied with one an
other/in doing honor to the chief ex
ecutive of the United Statea. -^
Professor \ Landon told . his hearers
that he had found in a few instances
that cigarette- smoking was indulged
in by ministers attending the council
and while he could tolerate a pipe or
a cigar he considered the use of the
cigarette an abomination. One.minis
ter actually found it. necessary,' he
said, to go to the door frequently to
indulge his habit of cigarette smok
ing.' '. ''¦'¦', '"".
"Problems of Present Day Preach
ing" was the theme of an address by
the Rev. George A. Hough before the
Methodist iMinisterB* Association yes
terday.
Mr. Hough advocated less preaching
on topical subjects and that kind .of
preaching whj.ch is meant simply, to
interest people on intellectual themes
and ' advised more expository preach
ing of the work of God.
The Rev. I.,C. Meserve, D. D.;'In an
address before the Congregational
Ministers' Association yesterday spoke
of the proposal to develop Congrega
tionalism into a more centralized form
and to "stiffen it." Dr. Meserve took
the position that Congregationalism
did not need "stiffening" or "central
ization."
Under the Dresent idea of social
progress there Is, h? said, , a vague
conception of lifting the mass of peo
ple higher as a whole, ; but, said the
doctor, that oould not be done. They
could not get a levers long enough or
a fulcrum strong enough •; to lift the
weight. He considered . that social
progress must- be secured by individ
ual uplift. < . :
Interest Shown in the Big
Convention Arranged For
by the Christian Church
TOKIO, Nov. 21. — The Navy De
partment reports the capture of the
German steamship Batelan while she
was attempting to run the Port Ar
thur blockade. The department says
that at 3 o'clock on the morning of No
vember 19 a Japanese squadron cruis
ing off Yentao sighted a vessel steam
ing for Port Arthur. The gunboat
Tatsu pursued and overtook the
steamship at 5 o'clock in the morning.
On board the vessel was found a
great quantity of winter clothing,
blankets, medicine and canned meats.
Her captain said he was bound for
Newchwang. The route and cargo of
the Batelan were considered to be
suspicious and she was taken posses
sion of and brought to Sasebo.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 21. — The former
British steamship Thales, which was
purchased by Germans, has been cap
tured by Japanese warships while at
tempting to run the blockade of Port
Arthur and taken to Sasebo. The
Thales had a cargo of clothes, blan
kets, medicines and an enormous
quantity 'of salt beef.*
German Steamship Batelan Captured
by Toco's Warships.
STRANGERS ASK
INFORMATION
0- - W — — ¦
BLOCKADE RUNNER SEIZED.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 21. — Au
gustln Eina, Mexican Consul at this
post, was placed in a somewhat deli
cate and embarrassing position to-day
as a result of E. P. Valentine and
George T. Black of El Paso, inspectors
of the Treasury Department, seizing a
quantity of Mexican drawn work of
fered for sale at a small . store con
ducted by the mother of the Consul.
It is alleged that Mrs. Plna, or some
other member of the family, smug
gled the drawn work from Mexico
through the port at Eagle Pass, Tex.
The inspector- 1 -refused to make any
statement or give the value of the
confiscated goods, saying that they
could report only to the department.
Consul Pina says the value of the
goods is less than $100 and that a por
tion of them were manufactured in
Phoenix.
Consul Pina says his mother is rais
ing two orphan children who are
adepts In making drawn work, which
art they learned In Mexico, and that
the Mexican goods confiscated were
given to her and were brought into
this country under legal privileges and
placed on exhibition to stimulate the
sale of other goods made by the orphan
girls in Phoenix. He Insists that he
has no knowledge of a violation of the
customs laws and is greatly distressed
at what he believes is an Injustice to
hi3 moth fL £S£
POLICEMAN EXCHANGES
» SHOTS WITH HOODLUMS
Customs Inspectors Seize
Goods in Home of Mother of
Mexican Consul at Phoenix
M. Gram, president of the court, who
Is one, of the provincial Governors of
Norway, at the opening of the proceed
ings congratulated the governments
which by consenting to submit disputes
to International Jurisdiction had given
fresh proof of their attachment to a
great and noble cause. He regretted
that the path of humanity along the
road of progress was full of obstacles,
but added that happily the number of
conventions forming fresh bonds be
tween naiionp was daily Increasing
ROME. Nov. 21.-The Giornale d'ltalia
asserts that the Government to-day
Bent a favorable reply to President
Roosevelt'e invitation to a reconvening
of The Hague conference, reserving as
sent as to date and details of the pro
framnie of the conference.
THE HAGUE, Nov. 2L— The Govern
ment has notified the American Charge
d'Affaiivs here that Queen Wilhelmina
trfil be glad to see the second peace
conference meet at The Hague, and that
the United States may count on the co
operation of the Netherlands as soon as
Emperor Nicholas, the originator of the
work begun ia 1SS9. and the representa
tives of other powers have given their
adhesion to the proposal.
The first fitting of the arbitration
court on the Japanese house tax ques
tion wag held to-day. The United Statea
Is interested to the matter, although
not a party to the present arbitration.
The point at issue is the contention of
Great Britain, France and Germany
that Japan imposed taxes on buildings
In the old foreign concessions, which,
being perpetual leases, are exempt from
taxation. The United States and other
powers having similar concessions will
accept this award.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— Baron von
Slernburg, the- German Embassador,
and John Hay, Secretary of State, will
to-morrow Fig-n an arbitration treaty
between the powers they represent. It
will be identical -with the Franco- Amer-"
ican treaty, signed three weeks ago,
and with the Swiss-American treaty,
signed to-day. Ernst Probst, secretary
vf the Swiss legation, called at the
State Department this morning and
after he had been closeted for half an
hour with Secretary Hay it .was an
nounced that the convention had been
duly signed. !
The early conclusion of the treaty
with Germany is. more than the advo
cates of arbitration hoped for, Germany
having been regaMed as a country
which preferred the usual channels of
diplomacy for the settlement of dis
putes. President Roosevelt suggested
the negotiation of a German-American
arbitration treaty to Baron von Stern-,
burg, who communicated it to the Ger
man Emperor, who heartily acquiesced.
MAKE TROUBLE
FOR OFFICIAL
Arbitration Pact Will Be
!M<xiied TorDay by Hay and
Embassador von Sternburg
TREATY MADE
WITH GERMANY
•Weber appeared in court to-day
wearing a boutonniere of violets sent
him by Miss Trousdale. . The \ young
ladyis a waitress at, the American
Hotel, and.youn Weber called t* -e
occasionally.
Arrangements are about completed
whereby special counsel will be em
ployed on both sides at the final trial.
L. L. Chamberlain of. Auburn and
Hiram Johnson of San Francisco will
probably assist Attorneys Fullen and
Tabor- in the defense, while George
W. Hamilton, son of the late General
Jo ¦Hamilton. 'will likely be employed
in, the -prosecution.
Miss Clarke's story of the route
taken by Weber will make it easier
for the searchers for the missing pis
tol. Between the Weber home to the
brewery are several springs, and be
tween the brewery to the town is a
ravine. A portion of the ravine was
raked to-day and the search will be
continued to-morrow under the su
pervision of a Pinkerton detective,
Charles H. Relmer. who Is here at the
Instance of Sheriff Keena. The search
will be systematic and may take sev
eral days.
. In talking with The Call corre
spondent to-day Detective Relmer said
there was little doubt but that Sheriff
Keena had the right man, and that
from now on links In the circumstan
tial chain would • come much faster.
Reimer had a srood opportunity to
study the prisoner yesterday in the
Sheriff's office., . The detective be
lieves the young man has an abnor
mally d evel °P e cl brain; that he has
great concentration and will power,
but that It. is only a question of time
when he will break down. Reimer
saldVoung Weber reminded him of
Parker, the Boston man who mur
dered his entire family. Weber's
head is very long from front to back,
and his face Is very short. The most
remarkable peculiarity, however, la
the closeness of his chin and Yiose;
they nearly meet, and his mouth la
but a slit. - - : -7 .;-:- 1
Reduced to a connected tale Miss
Clarke's testimony Is as follows: "I
was out In the yard gathering wood
when I saw Adolph Weber pass the
house. It was between 6:30 and 7
o'clock. I went Into the house, dressed,
and went uptown for the mall. When
I arrived at the postofflce I saw Weber
standing alone outside. This was
about 7 o'clock. . I . started back home,
and was nearly there when I noticed
the fire. I ran back through Chinatown
to town and gave the alarm." ('
Clarence Geer testified that he was
at the fire early and that as he ran
round, the house Weber was with him.
They stopped in front of the house and
Geer never saw Weber afterward. Geer
said he was on the porch and In the
room where the bodies were found, but
did not see Weber there. Weber claims
to have been In! the room and to have
helped take out the body of his little
brother. Earl.
Fred Bernhard testified that he was
present at the flre and did not see
young Weber on the porch or inside
the building.-
Dr. J. F. White was called upon by
the prosecution and testified that he
made an examination of a pair of
young Weber's drawers, already an ex
hibit in the case. Th'e doctor said he
made a test of a stain found: on the
garment and t discovered blood by both
the- microscopic and chemical tests.
The same results had been obtained In
a lesser degree from an examination
of a portion of young Weber's,trous
ers, said the doctor.
Dr. White is an expert chemist, and
his analysis was to-day confirmed by
Dr. Rvfkoeel of San Francisco in a
letter to Dr. White.
The preliminary examination will
be continued to-morrow morning,
when two other witnesses who saw
Weber pass through Brewery lane
will be Droduced.
SEARCH FOR PISTOL.
AUBURN, Nov. 21.— "I saw Adolph
"Weber In front of my house between
6:30 and 7 o'clock on the night of the
tragedy. I also saw him standing In
front of the postofflce when I went
for the mall about 7 o'clock."
Such was the testimony given by
May Clarke vesterday at the prelim
inary hearing of the youth charged
with the murder of his father, mother.
Bister and brothe'r. As the witness,
without a trace of hesitancy and with
a display of posltlveness that entirely
removed any doubt as to the truthful
ness of her statement, gave her evi
dence young Weber squirmed in his
seat. He quickly raised his head and
as quickly dropped it, and seemed to
wilt In his' chair. And there was rea
son for his nervousness and hopeless
attitude, for the declaration of \ the
young woman knocked from under the
defense a prop that has been a main
stay of Weber's attorneys In their fight
to save their client from the conse
quences of the horrible crime of which
he stands accused.
The witness* testimony flatly contra
dicted the statement made by Weber at
the Coroner's inquest at which time
he said that betWeen 6:30 and 7 he was
in. another part of town than that de
scribed by Miss Clarke. The home of
the Clarke woman Is in Brewery Lane,
half way between the postofflce and the
Weber home.
The evidence of the Clarke woman
Is the -most damaging yet introduced
at the preliminary hearing. The prose
cution claims that, at to-morrow's
hearing It will --corroborate the wom
an's testimony with' that of two wit
nesses who saw young Weber In the
lane.
WOMAN'S TESTIMONY.
Bpecfal Dispatch to Tha Call.
Testifies She Saw Youth in
-Brewery Lane at an Hour
He Claims to Have Been in
Another Part of the Town
Tlje Japanese are now constructing
coast defense forts at Pigeon Bay,
which is accepted as an Indication that
they expect to be defending Port Ar
thur themselves pome day.
Miss Corolle, who was a Red Cross
nurse at Mukden, was captured by Chi
nese bandits and later turned over to
the Japanese at Xewchwang. She
reached Chefu to-tjight, but was too
exhausted to tell her story.
a. Russian magazine.
It is expected that the next attack
upon Port Arthur will be a tremendous
affair, reinforcements are com
ing to the support of General Nogi than
thoee dispatched to Field Marshal
Oyama.
CHEF!', Xov. 2L — A Japanese offi
cial, among the latest arrl.als from
Daley, says positively that the general
attack upon Port Arthur has not been
resumed. Rumors to that effect In Dal
ny have arisen because fresh troops,
including the Seventh Division, recent
ly landed, are being sent to the front.
It is believed thaj the explosion
which took place on November 16 oc
curred in some counter tunneling work.
The second explosion, which was heard
on November 19, was much heavier
and. jt if reported upcm the best au
thority, -was due to the blowing up of
STARTLING STOEY
OF A YOUNG WOMAN
MUKDEN, Nov. 21. — The Russian
detachments occupying Da Pass have
retired before a Japanese- column 1000
strong. The Japanese are reported to
be advancing toward Sintsintin.
Since the Japanese attack on Pouti
loff Hill on the night of November 18
no activity has been apparent. The
character of the attack on Poutiloff.
Hill is not fully understood beyond the
fact that three or four battalions par
ticipated. It probably was made on
the initiative of the local command
er, without the consent of headquar
ters, and as an attack it can be fa
vorably regarded only in the light of ,
a reconnaissance in fprce.
This incident is the most important
that has occurred since the battle of
the Shakhe. Poutiloff Hill, which is
now the center of -.interest of the en
tire line, could be seen ; flashing the i
signal of attack from her fortifications
as the Japanese infantry advanced.
On' account of repeated reports that
the Japanese intended to attack on
November lathis assault was believed
to be the signal for an advance of- the
entire line and consequently the en
tire Russian army, already on the qui
vlve, began its own hostile movements
both east and west of Poutiloff Hill. '
The Japanese arrived within fifty,
yards of the Russian trenches. The
Russian fire was too deadly for a fur
ther advance. The next morning dis
closed about eighty Japanese dead,
which the Russians buried on Satur
day. The Japanese succeeded In car-,
rying off in haste 200 wounded. The
Russians lost a half dozen men in the
trenches. . ' \', *
Scouting operations on both' sides
result In daily encounters, sometimes
between battalions, but the encounters
are little more than skirmishes. The
scouting is for the. evident purpose of
identifying opponents' positions and
local- strength. ;
The Russians continue to daily shell
the Japanese position at Linshenpu. %
BERLIN, Nov. 21. — A dispatch to
the Lokal Anzeiger from Mukden,'un
der to-day's date, says:
"The reconnaissance fights have as
sumed a more violent character ; dur
ing the last few days. Particularly
hot was the fighting on Poutiloff
(Lone Tree, ) Hill, where the Japan
ese were repulsed with the • loss of
more than 100 killed. • : •
"All signs Indicate that great events
are imminent. The road to Sinmintin,
owing to the excellent patrol service,
U quite safe from -Chinese bandits,
thus; guaranteeing unhindered com
munication with'Tientsln and estab
lishing a second) line of Intercourse
with the outside world.
"The health of the troops is excel
lent. The Russians admire the clean
liness, perfect order and equipment of
the Japanese. One does not see any
trace of race hatred. It is a fact that
the Japanese return, through French
intermediation, all valuables found on
dead Russians. This has made a deep
Impression here and la reciprocated."
Tremendous Attack
to Be Made Upon
Port Arthur.
three boats left two days before the
Rastoropny, carrying duplicates of a
dispatch from General Stoessel. There
were some badly wounded officers on
board the boats, who preferred to risk
their lives at sea to meeting certain
death in the hospitals of Port Arthur.
The Japanese cruiser Kasuga-sank
the first destroyer after a fight lasting
a half hour, in which all the Russians
were shot or drowned. The cruiser
Matsushima sank the second degtroper
twenty-flve mils from Port Arthur, re
ceiving herself >an ineffective blow
from- a torpedo. . The third boat was
chased. .
Nothing In confirmation of the fore
going has. come from .Tokio. Presum
ably, it - la an exaggeration of the ru
mor that . three ' vessels attempted j a
sortie with the Rastoropny and were
driven back. • . •
JAPANESE GAIN GROUND.
Capture a Counterscarp on Rlhlung
Monntaln.
.TOKIO, Nov. 21.— Reliable sources
report that the Japanese mined and
occupied a counterscarp on Rihlung
Mountain on November 15.
• A dispatch from Toklo early to-day
announced that the Japanese, after
successful mining, -had occupied a
counterscarp on Sungshu Mountain on
Friday, November 18. Rlhlurig Moun
tain is east of Sungshu Mountain.
Progress of Baltic Warships.
¦¦;€ANBA, Island of Crete, Nov. 2 1. —
The section of. the Russian second Pa
elflc squadron commanded by Vice
Admiral Voelkersam sailed this after
noon'for Port Said. In this squadron
Are the battleships Sissoi Veliky and
Xavarin, the cruisers Jemchue and
.Almaz, the destroyers Blestlaschy,
Bezumprechni, Bystrl, Bravij Bedovl
and ¦ Bjiiny, and the transports
Gortschkoff, JVeroneJ, Vital Tamboft,
Kieff, Jupiter, Merkur " and Vladiml
roff.
Consul's Message Criticized.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 22, 2:45
a. m. — A "special "dispatch from-Tien
tsin, printed Here, stating that the
American Consul at Chefu had warned
the State Department at Washington
of the imminence of the fall of Port
Arthur, is received' with much criti
cism,;- the allegation being made that
the dispatch was prompted by a de-
Sire to help the Japanese war loan.
A New Art Gallery.
We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful gallery for the exhibition
and sale of moderate priced painting's,
water colors, pastels, etching's and fine
photographs. Inspection cordially Invit
ed. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market at •
Pontiloff Hill Attack
Regarded as a Blunder
Adolpli .Weber's Testimony
cos to His Whereabouts on
Night of Tragedy Is Elatly
Contradicted by Witness
PREPARING
FOR A LAST
ONSLAUGHT
Japanese Advancing
Toward Sinsintin.
ACCUSED
BOY GIVEN
A SHOCK
RUSSIANS LOSE DA PASS
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. WUVJbCMBEK __, 1904.
Tickets to Santa /Cruz, good % oing Wednes
day.-Nov. 23, and returning Friday,' Nov. 25,
will be sold, for $3.00. Aek Southern Paeifla
agenta. , ¦¦ , ¦:/>"';.¦ - .• ¦• " *i "
Thanksgiving Day. at Santa Cruz.
British I Correspondent* I Pictures ; the
. ,- Sinking; of Two .Russian Craft.'. .
' LONDON, Nov. 22.— A' dispatch
from Nagasaki gives' a. new version of
the report of a sortie by torpedo-boat
destroyers from Port Arthur.- The
corresDondant of the Exuress : says
ALLEGED FIGHT AT SEA.
REDDING, I*ov. 21. — When "Jack
Clement" came to his senses' Saturday
morning he was minus just 5115. His
troupers had been cut by a sharp knife
or.razop'and his purse J>ad been
taken. For several hours Saturday
morning Clement was walking as if
In' a trance. ' It was ctuite evident he
had been given knockout drops and
then robbed. . . _
Victim of "Knockout" Drops.
Sailors' Alleged Account of the North
Sea Incident.
; LONDON,. Nov. { 22.— The r>aily
Mail's Copenhagen correspondent re
counts a , story from ', a, member of
the crew of the Russian \ cruiser Au
rora to the effect that Vice Admiral
Rojestvensky's flagship. Knlaz. Su
varoff, mistaken in the tog off Dogger
Bank, bombarded the Aurora, where
upon the Aurora, signaling "We are
being flredN at." herself, fired 350
skells at the British trawlers and a the
Russian fleeW *:•
This Informant distinctly avers that
there were two Russian torpedo-boats
with the first division of the Baltic
squadron, to which the Aurora^'.be
longed.
4
; scotts eTuTlTsTon
Scotts Emulsion
Scott's Emulsion
j^Scdtt's Emulsion •
Scott's Emulsion
Scott's Emulsidn
—the old story, told times
without' number and repeated
over and over again for the
last thirty' years. But it's
always a welcome story .^6
those in need of strength arid
Health. Therms nothing" in
the world that stops wasting
diseases as quickly as ScottV
Emul.Mon. " . ' . . . ... .
• • We'll *end you * $»mple, free
SCOn & UQ\VKb:. 4 ~) Pearl VewYork.
f) visit DR. JORDAN'S or-atA
{SUSEU-! OF ANATOMY*
\ Th« Iju-fsst Anatomical Mumn in tb* \
*i .i.i:Ji'l . World. WoIucmm or uy coatractad A
"L {5JKj <Uw-« P»»«"»«-'T «»»¦»- try th« Qlu»st Y
d fljgl^ | DB. JSHDAH-D'SEASES CF MZH £
\ I C£^5fl Confutation free *nd itrictijT prirat?. '¦.
Q I jyOl U Treatment perton*!iy or bv Ic'lrr. A A
\ I! » Tin t—Utw Cm In »»ery caisuadem^rn. \
U P 7 Ilia Writ* for Book. PaiLOIOfBV mt A
' if It O*H»IAtE, MAILEO MiB, ( A f
/S ij £> T*iuabl« book for turn) x
Y CajUSDAX *CO.,1051 M.art^tWt.S. F. 9
Q '_> %\ *!> <ilfc *7fc <"> H> <"fc Sj nj
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G'JO KEABSY ST. Established
In 1S34 forth* treatment of I'rivatn
Diseases. Ltwt .Manhood. Debility or
<1is»>as" wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The I>octor cures when
; others fail. Try him. ftaargps low.
• rnrr«:uarnntrt>U. Call or write.
l>r. J. F. DIBBOX. Han Fran-Tisco. CfU.
OCEAN TRAVEL
e Steamers i»»« Broadway
—barre* (pl«rs 9 and U).
San Francisco:
Tor KetcMlc&a. Wnactl.
Juneau. Treadweil*, HatOM.
Skagwar. «t&. Alaska.— U
a. m.. Not. 1. «. 11. 14. 21,
28. Thee. 1. Changs to thla
company'* •taamam at Seat-
tle.
For v icturia, Vancouver. Port Tiiwiiowna.
Seattle, Tacoma, Everstt, South BeUlnctianw
B*Ulngliam— 11 a. m.. Nor. 1. 11. 11 U.
28 Dec 1. Cbac** at S«att]» to tSU com-
pany't steamers tor Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Rj.; at Vaacoan*
to C P. Ky.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay) PunnBlta, l:tt
d. m.. Not. «. 12. 13. 24. 8<X I>»<t «. Cdtdm.
f-8O h. m.. Nor. ». 9. 13. 21. 2T. D««. il^
For Lo» Angelea (Tta Port Lo» An<«!«t aad
Redondo). San Dleco and Santa B»rt«jv-
ganta Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. in. v
Bute of California, ThuMdayii, • a. ra. "
For Lo» Ar.geles (via San Pedro and Cut
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa, Crua. Moo-
ttret, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harfort (tea
Lola Oblspo). Ventura and Huencm*.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Not. T. 13. 23. D«. t
Cooa Bay, 0 a. m., Nor. 8. 11. 19. 27, Dwk ft.
For Ensenada, Magdatona Bay, Saa Joa» daf
Cabo. MazaUan, Altata. I— Paa. Santa Ro-
salia, Ouaymas (Mez.), 10 a. m.. 7th each ma.
For further Information obtain fold«r. BlcM
le re«ervfd to change ateamera or •alltor date*.
TXCXXT OPIMCXS — 4 New Mont«oia«
•ry tt. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market tt.aad Broad-
war wharves. Prelynt Offlo« 10 Market at,
-C. D. DXJNANN. G«neral Fumd«w Acaot.
19 Market rt.. Ban Frandaco.
The Padflo Tranafar Co.. 20 Starter at. wCl
call for and check basxac* from hotels an<f
residences. Telephone Exchan«» SIX
AMEBICA3T U7B.
PlrmoTitli— Clxerbcnrar — SoutJiMajrten. _
Philadelphia . .Dec. 3|NewTork De* IT
•Flnland.Dec.t0.10:30a!St. Paul ... .^_ .Dw>. 24
•Calling at Dover for London and Parla.
ATUlirnO TBAOTPOBT _X2T_-
New York — Irfmdon Direct.
Mmba. Dec. 3. 10 amj Manlton. D«c^7 10 am
Mlnneha. Dec. 10, S am! Menomlnee.Dtc.24,10 %
BOMTJfTXOar IiIJTE.. '
Montreal— Liverpool— Short '^WWW
Canada ..^. .Decsmber Id
BSD STAS TJinS.
'jrew Tork — Antwerp— London-— Paris.
r*»nini at Dov«t f° r London and Parts.
rinfand .? ... .Dec. 10(Kroonland Dec. 24
Zeeland .1. .. . .Dec. 17 Vaderland Dee. 31
WHITE STAK U2TIT.
¦"¦"•-—¦«—¦ York — oneen«town— Iitvemool.
r«5rk- Dec 7, 5:30 ami Majpstle. Dec.21.10 am
Owan'e I>c.l4.10 am! Baltic. Dec. 28. 10 am
Boston— Qneenstown— IJTerpool.
CjTnric - D * c - a - JaB - 25
TSTEVT TOBX A35TD BOSTO2T BTJEfeXCT
To tie Mediterranean,
Via Aaorea, OP>ralt»r. uravles. Genoa,
Alex«.n<lria. v
FKOM NF.W YORK.
REPUBLIC - . Dec 1 , .Jan. 14 F«K 25
CBET1C r***" 1? - r 'b- ¦*, 3Iarch IS
FROM BO3TON.
ROMAVTC Dec 10. Jan. 2S. March 11
CANOPIC J«n. 7. F«b. 13
C. D. TATLOR. Paswenirer Ajrer.t Pacific Coast.
21 Post «t.. San Francisco.
S 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. *Iot. 25. 11 A. M.
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Aacklaad
* and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 1. 2 P. M.
3.3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dee. 10. 11 A.M.
1.E.SMKELS&EEC1 Ca.lfll,IiaaiO_BSO»E-
jgL FlEilllt C3C3 327 MfflBt SI, P13T 7, PadllS M
CCJIPA3XI5 GE^S1AL3 T2A13iT iANTI^l
D1KKCT LtXK TO HAVRE-PAR13 ...
Sailing evtry Thursday Instead of ,<?7fStfl
Saturday, at 10 a. nv, frum Pier --iaKj"
42. North River, foot of Morton st. '
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
end class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR XJN1TED 3TATE3 AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson butWlni>,
New York. J. F. FVGAZI & Co.. Pacific Coast
A rents. 5 Montgomery avenue. "San Francisco*.
,Ttrfc»>ti »o*rt by at? Ha'Tmwrt Tl«*k»t Agents.
For V. S. Harr Taxxt sn:l Vallslo,
gtrs. General Friable. Monticello and Arrow.
9:*S a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:13 p.m.. U p.ra.. S:ao &.
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays uU5 a.m..
12:30 p.m.. 8 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. I
a.m.. S a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:13 p.m.. d ».m. Sun-
days, T a-m.. 8 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. ft P-m. Pier X
ft Ml.ision st. ; pbon* Main U0&. HATCH BROS
MUSICAIi.
WE WANT «
MONEY BACK
¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦?
We Had a Good Thing and We
Lost It, but There Are Oth-
ers; We'll Meet the Issue
•
WE NEED THE MONEY
¦ — ?
We May Be Biting Off More
Than We Can Chew, but
We'll Be There at the Finish
To those who may be Interested in the
purchase of a piano at this time, and
who have the spare cash at hand, we
have a statement extraordinary to make,
and one that we believe has never hereto-
fore been made by any other piano con-
cern in the United States, and' which, no
doubt, the music trade will consider at
this time a reckless and risky thing to
do, but as cash cuts an Important figure
with us just now, we have decided to
make a bid for It by venturing the most
nervy and apparently impossible thing
ever attempted by piano man — that ot
undertaking to sell at retail In ten days
130 costly, new upright pianos for spot
cash; and In pursuance of which under-
taking we wish to make the following
frank statement:
,.. Who has not heard of name and fame
of the beautiful "Weber" piano? Well,
we have lost it.
We have lost the agency for the Weber
piano, with Its kindred makes — the
VWheelock" and "Stuyvesant" — and we
want our money back. *
For the past six months we have been
kept In suspense as to whether or not we
could retain the Weber agency.
The Aeolian Company, which built the
Pianola piano player, and the^ Weber
Company, who build the Weber pianos,
consolidated their New York factory in-
terests - some months ago, and since
which time- it has been the policy of the
company to combine their Pianola player
and the Weber piano with one dealer In a
city,' Where they had formerly been han-
dled t%. two— for lnstance^ — The Pianola
has been handled for many years In San
Francisco by. a friendly competitor of
ours, while we have handled the Weber
piano, > and we are both willing that the
agencies should remain with each as
they are,- and always have been. But the
combination^ of factory Interests in the
East apparently wills It otherwise, and
we. It seems, are up against It.
The matter has been hanging flre for
six months, while we, with hopes of re-
taining the Weber agency, have bought
heavily of the Weber house, much more
so than we otherwise should have done;
bought Webers, Wheelocks and Stuyve-
sants — all built by the Weber people— •
bought and bought and kept buying, till
the walls .of our wareroom are almost
bulging out with Webers, till we have
depleted our bank account, and turned"
our pockets -wrong side out. In order to
prove- that .we are good fellows, and
worthy factors to be reckoned with In
the field of Weber agencies, and still It
seems we have lost. Well, there are
others!
This may be telling tales out of
school, but facts are sometimes stubborn
things, and there Is no use to be mealy-
mouthed about it» or beating around the
bush. We have gone the limit, and now
we are going to "buck." We are going to
back up. We are going to unload.: In
facti we^are going to Jump from under
the load— going to cash in and take a
new tack.
In order to liquidate past alliances, and
take Immediate advantage of high-grade
agencies now open to us to take the
place of the "Weber line," we shall need
I in the neighborhood of $30,000 cash, and
¦we are going right out to get It. And
while we shall throw nearly a hundred
and thirty high-grade pianos, including
over sixty fine and costly Webers, on the
market to-morrow at a scandalous price
to accomplish that object, It must not be
understood that we are going out of busi-
ness, for we are not, but quite to the eon-
trary. To use an ugly phrase, we have
"got our backs up." and are just going
into the business.
The house of Clark Wise & Co. has not
been in the habit of making periodical
fake piano sales. They have never en-
gaged In a fake sale, nor never will. We
do not carry the class of goods that
could be profitably used for ' that pur-
pose. T-lv
This is a bonafide square deal; a spot
cash piano sale of one of the finest and
highest grade pianos made in the world
— the "Weber" — universally recognized
by all great artists as the equal of any-
thing in the piano line yet produced by
man; standing head and shoulders over
practically anything In its class; recog-
nizing no superior, and but one possible
equal — such is the "Weber!"
And these are the pianos we shall offer
the public in this sale to-morrow for less
than the price of an ordinary piano.
Many, many dollars beneath the dignity
of a Weber.
To here state. that we propose to offer
these pianos at cost would be superflu-
ous — a waste of words — for ¦ the mere
fact that we feel called upon to under-
take the stupendous proposition of sen-
Ing 130 costly pianos in ten days for spot
cash carries with it the implication that
we will do even worse thanNthat; for tne
man would be considered insane who
would undertake to sell 130 costly pianos
in ten daya for all cash, and at a profit.
The man who could do that, this earth
Is his cabbage pateh.
It is sufficient to know, and for us to
say, that we intend, if it Is possible, to
sell every piano of the Weber line now
in our warerooms within the next ten
days for cash, and that we do not expect
to emerge from this undertaking with a
dollar profit— in fact, we are prepared to
lose any reasonable amount that may be
necessary to accomplish the object for
which this sale Is inaugurated, and. all
we ask of those who ever expect to own
so fine a piano as the "Weber" is that
they give us an 'opportunity to show our*
good faith in the matter. -. . «
We have stood by the Weber piano for
a 'good many years in this city, and the
Weber piano has stood by us, and to here
quote in black and white the astounding
low spot cash figures at which theWeb-
ers will go -in this sale would be doing
Its future representatives here, as well
as the manufacturers, a great injustice,
and as much as we feel Inclined to quote
figures on the Weber — which it seems to
us should sell every Weber piano In our
wareroom in a single day — we must con-
tent ourselves with the inferences that
must be drawn from what has already
been said, and the further additional gen-
eral statement, that we intend to uis-
count, v in this- cash sale, ' from $160 to
$275 from- the regular Weber retail
prices — according to size and design.
We have other fine makes of pianos —^
brand new»-that will go In this sale at
$295, $267. $242. $228. $196. $165, $137
and on down to $106, all cash.
A strongly worded, written guarantee
from us, in addition to that' of the man-
ufacturers, will accompany each instru-
ment sold. • • ,: • .'¦¦-.,*- . .* .¦¦;•
This sale, as above, began just a week
ago this morning, and has been a phe-
nomenal success, considering It an all-
cash sale— over $5000 cash- taken in on
Webers the first day.
Our assortment of ; "Webers" has^not
been broken yet, and we take occasion to
here guarantee our patrons. many dollars'
more value. In strictly high-grade pianos,
for their, money to-day than has ever be*
fore been given in this city. '¦ . '-/
We know what has been done— what is
being done— and what can be done.
There's no mistake about It.
CLARK WISH & CO.,
Y A. A. FISHER, Manager.
ADVERTISE>£EyTS. _jj
a 818-820 MAKKET STBEXT, SAN TBAKCISCO. g
j DOUBLE DAY TO-MOBROW— WEDNESDAY" |
m \ S
B HOSE ' BUtTS. g
B Ladies' Black Hoie the onlv kind A splendid line, all Leathers an<5 g
S that 1* tolt to nt without k seam; Silks, at special price of _5c g
•B all sizes; special, per pair l.*C SHOTJXDEB g
£| COi__ABS. Braces and Garters. Special 25c ¦
j S Tha X,at«st Creations, in heavy lace SXIBT 3
« and spangles; cape effect. Frorn.^ B , ndlng velvetine and Brush, all"
1 rm*roi«iered PancV StocW brtl2l« colors. Special per^yard 5c g
3 ral designs. Regular 50c; special . GLOVES. "
[S 2.»c All colors and sizes, 12 and 1« button =
I n Torchon lace. 2 to 5 Inches wlde..uc lengths. Silk Gloves. Pair... 75c 2
g.Lace. white and ecru. 8 In. wlde..2uC Ngw Hne of Sateen Moray TJ nder . ¦
p GLOVES. skirts. Worth $2.00; while they last n
m All sizes: black and white taffeta. "«• 81.5O 5
£J Pair _oc •'" — g
g THINGS Q
g V BUT NOW FOB ZUAS. i. j "«>*«*» T q Q
2 ADVANCE BARGAINS HT OtTK TOT fcT\~t-. ¦ // J=* ilOKTE-T Q
O Jf/uf BIS _ ln OrS h'l g h . <J> B? r?° d ?V v P " S
M fi^r u niversallv p 1 e s t In n
21 6^ Sold for construction: easiest to clean. Soldg
O a -~"^ jj 60 Qur f or 75 O everywhere. Very apodal g
¦ special »prlce .*..'.. 95c P rlce 4Oc 2
B _CWIPI1 SKAEPEBTEB, j^
C! «5t»- *rfri"^~ • Natural stone, (rood . size, handy for n
u t>f i"^^^'^ all sizes of knives. Sold regularly »
H t0T 1Oc: s P eclal P rtc «- • 6c 5
S ,, <->?*»C^VS?^e--^- . — . t> : r HAKDWOOD BOWL, rj
S S5^^^_iiX^^y>tt_ : ij " ' " With a Steel Chopping Knife. Sell* n
M «^*« &1^^^^5 ;< CtS_S£K^ for 20c - s P eclal prlca 1Oc H
Q ¦\£&fif- TDA GRIJSTDEIE. -j
j2%^/-^£^-~~'X\^<*^to*£&* For Crackers. Nuts, Stals Bread, m
l 5S5ffi^ : Xh v$-c&<' ** Cheese. Zwiebach. etc. So!d most n
« TSr everywhere for $1.25. SpeciaL.SOc n
OUB _Zm3 OF SOMETHIUQ NEW g
Ja rADVINH CFTC To put a keen edge on your Carver rj
jd WKVinU OHIO vcry qu i ck iy; nicely plated: not S
S Is the most complete of any on this lar?e; makes a nice ornament to pat S
™ Coast. Our "Will & Finck" make on the table. Sold everywhere for S
B can not be excelled by any. Any 25c Special price 24c 5
B style Handle— Wood, Bone, Cellu- BTiACZ xrArjrtJT iZ
S SS 1 IV01Ti Stag ' Cta PrlCM raDSe Spice MlllTwSr exfrTqSllty .teal 2
2 «^ »„«. Alrt . grinders: a very, neat and handy 2
EB Sl.OO to S20.O0- article for the table. Regnlar price. ™
f3 ~ ry Thern^, . 25c. Special price 16c g
¦ , ________________________ _.
m STOBB VTIXtZt BE OPEN TXX_ 10 P. M. WEDHESDAT. i
= C—OSEP AI.lt DAT TBTCTBSPAT. TgAmCSOrVTHt» F -j
¦ KNIVES. BAZOBS AXTD SHEABS OSOUND AND REPAIRED. U
ID PICTURE FRAMES OX* AI.I. DESCRIPTIONS MM)E TO OBOES, CJ
Kt AI.Ii KINDS OF ELECTRICAL WOBK DONE AND REPAIRED. B
aEBBnnaEHBBaBE3a3anaaH-EigBg3Ei_gH-3gni-asia-iHBeaa3
AJDVEUTISKMEXTS. """^--^
I ' i
St. Louis
Exposition. |
Grand Prize
I Htpttes! 1
Possible !
1 Award
P * bas been granted
i Natural Laxative
I ! Water.
I Because' it is
| the best!Marshall . Fountain Pens. J1.00. A A
Waterman Fountain Pens. $1.50. Water r
man's Ideal Fountain Pens, from $2.50 to
JC5.00 ench. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 7U
Market street. *
From One to Thirty-Five.
Mrs. TIelgler told the Coroner that
although she tried hard to conduct
the household to please her husband
he was never satisfied. She said he
attempted to poison himself two
months ago and later tried to . kill
both himself and her by putting pois
on in the tea. %-, ..'
NEW YORK,' Nov. 21.— Dissatisfied
with his wife's housekeeping and fin r
ally throwing himself into a towering
rage because dinner was not ready the
moment he arrived home, John P.
Zeigler, a furrier, to-day hanged him
self at his home in the Bronx. ¦ : :
New York Furrier, Dissatisfied With
Wife's Housekeepins:. PuLs End -
to -Himself.' - ;
"' SALT. LAKE CITY, Nov. 21. — As a
Hsult'.of a series of criminal acts,
which culminated last week in the as
sault ; and serious injury 'of Mrs.
' Sen wan. the wife of a smelter em
ploye, and her two small children, a
mass-meeting will be held in the
smelter- town of Murray to-morrow
n'ght. At this meeting it is proposed
to take-steps to rid the community. If
possible, of all Greek and Austrian la
borers/ of whom several hundred are
employed at the smelters.
The smelter officials, it is stated, will
be asked to discharge all Greeks and
Austrians and hereafter to employ only
Americana. Failing in this, there is
some talk of using more forcible meas
ures. Alien laborers are believed to be^
responsible for most cf the recent
crimes and excitement has been
aroused to a hi- " pitch.
Recent Crimes.
Employes in SnjeHcr Town of Mur
' . ray in Utah*\Aronscd by
San Franciscans Who Have Recently
Visited the Exposition.,
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 21. — The following
San Franciscans are among the recent
visitors a¥the fair: A. F. H-rtler, Mrs.
J. Beander, J. Beanden E. Forrest, W.
L. Stowel, Mrs. M. E. Forrest, E. S.
Uliddlet and family, H. E. Branshaver,
S. Runyoh, Mrs. A. J. Runyon, A. J.
Runyon. Mrs. J. C. Schieck. E. Bohen
berger, Mrs. M. Lahaney, G. Fisher.
Blaze Causes Panic at Fair.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. .21. — A restaurant
and part of the roof of a street, car
depot near the main entrance. of the
World's Fair grounds were destroyed
by fire to-day. The blaze caused in
tense excitement and many hundred
persons rushed out of the exposition
gates before they realized that it
would cost them an aditional admis
sion fee to return. Loss (6000.
WESTERNERS AT HIE FAIR.
HANGS HIMSELF BECAUSE ."-
DINNER WAS "-NOT. READY
AVOUL.P"" RID COMMUNITY
' OF FOREIGN LABORERS
from the streets to the tunnels; the
transferring of all newspapers for out
of-town circulation to the early trains
through the tunnels. The tunnel will
also be used- for the transferring of
mail between the main postofiice an-1
the railroad stations and between rail
roads. The letter boxes will be so con
nected with the tunnels that when mail
Is dropped in the boxes it will drop
down to the level of the tunnels and
be taken to the postoffice. The tunnel
provides a means for the transporta
tion of freight and of handling it ex
peditiously without compelling the rail
roads to absorb high-priced property in
the center of the city for freight pur
poses. Freight yards can now be
moved out ten or "fifteen miles and the
freight transferred and the trains run
into the passenger stations with electric
locomotives, thus doing away with over
80 per cent of all smoke in the heart of
the city.
Stegner's face beamed with Joy as he
returned .to his seat. Suddenly he fftll
headlong from the bench to the floor. 1
His wife ¦and sister at first believed. him
dead. He was revived 'a -few minutes
later.
"I have considered your case and find
the punishment inflicted by your incar
ceration while awaiting--' trial -was sev
eral months," said the Judge. "I have
decided to fix the term .of . your'.'sen
tence to begin with your Incarceration
and end to-day." - :.;.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 21.— Theodore Steg
ner, president of the Missouri Rental
Company, who when arraigned shortly
after his arrest declared he owned Cal
ifornia lands worth $1,000,000 or more,
fainted from overjoy In the UnHccl
States District Court to-day end was
carried unconscious from the - room.
Stegner Was found guilty on Saturday
of using the mails to defraud. As he
faced Judge -Adams to-day he trembled
violently and clutched the desk for sup
port, hLs face becoming'deadly pale and
his eyes moving strangely. . - : ' •
Theodore Sterner, Former Cnllfornlan,
Overjoyed at Leniency of
Jlis Sentence.
FAINTS IN COURT WHEN
JUDGE GIVES FREEDOM
Wackford was passing a house at 938
Mission street, on his return from the
Central Methodist Church, when he ac
cidentally trod on a woman's skirt._ He
attempted to apologize, but the woman
disappeared into the doorway. Wack
ford continued on his way to 926 Mis
sion street, where he roomed. When
he was almost at the threshold of the
house a man' rushed up to him and
shouted: "You insulted* my wife!"
Wackford, who was a courteous and
quiet man, several years past the
| prime of life, attempted to explain, but
I the other man, who — it was afterward
learned — was Donahue, would listen to
no explanations, "i'ou insulted my
wife!" he repeated, and struck Wack
ford on the temple. Wackford fell,
striking his head forcibly against the
pavement. For some time he lay stun
ned. When he recovered his oenses he
entered the house where he lived and,
with 'the assistance of Edward Fraser,
his landlady's son, went to the Central
•Emergency Hospital.
When Wackford arrived there he had
apparently recovered from the effects
of the fall and there was nothing to in
dicate that he had been hurt except a
slight cut and a few contusions of the
scalp. Dr. Pinkham dressed these, and
as the patient insisted on returning to
his home the surgeon permitted him to
go. He showed none of the symptoms
of a fractured skull.
Yesterday morning when the land
lady attempted to wake him Wackford
was found to be in a serious condition
and was barely conscious. An ambu
lance was sent for and the Injured man
was again taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital. By that time he
showed pronounced symptoms of a
fractured skull.
Seeing that an immediate operation
was Wackford's only chance for life.
Dr. Pinkham and Dr. Pawlicki had him
removed to the operating room and at
tempted to trephine the skull, but
Wackford died on the table.
When arrested" Donahue said he
"struck Wackford because ttte man had
intentionally insulted his wife. Dona
hue has been married only five months
and says that in that time his wife has
been frequently insulted while return-
Ing home at nights. Donahue is a
teamster and employed by McNab &
Smith. V
Wackford bore an excellent reputa
tion in the neighborhood. Mrs. Fraser.
who was his landlady, and Rev. # George
Because Thomas Wackford acciden
tally trod on Mra. Frank Donahue's
dress Sunday night her husband felled
him to the sidewalk, causirfg injuries
that resulted fatally. Donahue was ar
rested yesterday and his name was en
tered on the detinue book.
W. White, pastor of the Central Meth
odist Church, speak highly of him. He
was about 58 years of age and was em
ploved as an engineer at the California
Planing Mills. : • . •
The former Mrs. Shafer testified that
during 18C0 Shafer was absent from
home for a week or ten clays at a time
almost every month and returned
somewhat out of order. She also testi
fied that he was drunk at home fre
quently. They were reconciled In May.
she said, and in September he disap
peared for the entire month.
row escape from being run over by a
locomotive while crossing an Intermin
able trestle. He had to hang suspend
ed, according to the story he told, from
the end of a tie while the engine passed
over him and the steam from the en
gine blistered hi3 hands. Eventually
he was found by the city editor of
the Oakland Tribune, who put him in
a car.
VICTIM DIES OF FRACTURED SKULL
She told of one time when they had
been reconciled in May, 1900, for Just
one week and had planned a trip to.
Alameda. Shafer did not appear to go
and the party- went without him. Next
morning at 11 r'clock Shafer arrived
home, his former wife says, with his
trousers /covered with mud from the
Alameda . marshes. He remembered
starting for ' Alameda and told various
remarknble episodes. Including a nar-
OMAHA. Nov. 21.— The former wife
of Paul Shafer, assistant postmaster
of Oakland. Cal.. was on the witness
stand to-day endeavoring to show that
Shafer was enough of a drinking man
to warrant a divorce on that plea. This
testimony was her reply to the" suit
brought by Shafer to set aside the di
vorce granted to her In his absence.
? Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The Red Star
steamship Kroonland, about which
there has been some anxiety because
of an unconfirmed report published on
Sunday that she had foundered, an
chored in quarantine to-night. She will
proceed to her dock to-morrow morn
ing.
While the report of the foundering of
the Kroonlaud was not taken seriously
by the steamship company officials, it
caused considerable anxiety among
those who l|ad relatives on the vessel,
and the news that she was sighted off
Xantucket lightship at 5 o'clock this
morning gave much relief.
The passengers on the vessel first
learned of the report through a tele
gram of inquiry from an anxious
friend. The Kroonland on this trip car
ried 12S3 steerage passengers and 156
cabin passengers.
Among the passengers was General
R. M. O'Reilly, surgeon general of the
United States army.
The new owners will extend and Im
prove the Fystem. and as fast as pos
sible the steam railway freight of the
Harriman-Stiilman-Schiff and other
:runk railroads will be transported
". hrough the underground system.
Th<* doal is declared to mean the Im
mediate diversion of traffic and freight
At present the Illinois Tunnel Com
r^ny has completed about ten miles of
tunnels to downtown Chicago. The
bores are six and a half feet wide by
Rtven and a half feet high, although
In places the dimensions are 10x15 feet.
Two thousand tons of freight a day are
being handled.
Men who will enter the directorate
of the new corporation are E. K. Har
riman, the principal factor In the Union
Pacific and the Southern Pacific; James
FMlIman. president of the National City
l',i.r.k of New York,' and a factor In
the control of a large number of great
Kastern and Western railroads, notablj^ 1
the Chicago and Northwestern and the
'hicago, Milwaukee' and St. Paul Rail
xoad companies; Jacob Schiff of New
York, a member of the Wall street firm
<>l Kuhn, Loeb & Co., and a big factor
In the Pennsylvania system-
The deal guarantees the Immediate
us*- of the tunnels by the railroad In
terests concerned and promises speedy
relief for Chicago from the present con-
K^stion in terminal roads and in the
downtown district.
CHICAGO. Nov. 21.— The Chicago
Subway Company, with a capital stock
of 150,000,000, and composed of men who
represent S>0 per cent of the railroads
having Chicago terminals, was organ
ized to-day and took over the $30,000,000
company which has built ten of its
fifteen miles of freight tunnels under
the city* streets. The vaEt tonnage of
the railroads represented by the finan
ciers in the new corporation will be
conveyed in the company's tunnel,
v.hich is already under every street of
the business district. Apparently in
connection with the mammoth deal Sir
I.dward Cassel, the financial adviser
of the K!ng of England, was In Chicago
to-day, with Jacob Sehiff, head of the
international banking-house of Kuhn,
Loeb & Co., who is heavily interested.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— It was an
nounced, at the White House to-day
that Attorney»Ger.eral Moody has de
cided to remain In President' Roose
velt's new Cabinet.
. Prior to his transfer from the Navy
Department to the Department of Jus
tice. Moody himself authorized the
statement that at the conclusion of the
present administration he •would retire
from the Cabinet to practice law In
Boston. It was stated In this connec
tion that Moody had ronned a law
partnership that was congenial and
advantageous In all respects. This was
given as his only reason for retiring
from .public life. It was known for
some time that the office of Attorney
General of the United. States was en
entirely to Moody's liking, and as it
was also .-known that President Roose
velt desired that Moody should con
tinue in the Cabinet, the announcement
made to-dny'-vas not surprising:.
The decision of the Attorney General
' renders. -it reasonably certain that the
heads of six of the great departments
of the Government have be*n deter
mined, on by the President for the
noxt -"administration. Hay will continue
at the head of the State Department:
Taft at the head of the War Depart
ment, iletcalf at the head of the De
partment of Commerce and I^abor, Wil
gen at. the head of the Department of
Agriculture - and National Chairman
Cortelyou "HI be Postmaster General
after the 4th of next March.
i- -It :is.'<ii*pected that Shaw will con
tinue as Secretary of the Treasury and
s- Morton as Secretary of the Navy, but
i 3s, to.jlhese two .no definite Informa
1 tion -is. obtainable.
i A change Is expected in the Depart
imeht of-ihe Interior, but Secretary
¦ "ijitcticock has not let It t^. known pu»
' licly- whether he desires to retire or
inot.-^ j?g
Teamster Assails Man Who
Treads On His Wife's Dress
Rumor of a Disaster to
the Kroonland Proves to
Have Been Unfounded
able Will Be in the Depart
ment of the Interior
Only. Change BegariM Prob-
Railway Bankers Form a
Syndicate and Take Over
the Great City Tunnel
Former Wife of the Oakland
Man Says That His Long*
Thirst Was Their Cause
FREIGHT TO GO
UNDER CHICAGO
FANCIED INSULT CAUSES HUSBAND
TO STRIKE FATAL BLOW.
XEW YORK. Nov. 21. — Property
lying unguarded on the public street
or walk, whether it be in front of an
express office or department store, has
been declared "lost" within the mean-
Ing }f the law by Magistrate Whitman.
This ruling was made when the magis
trate discharged a man arraigned on a
charge of having stolen a packa»"» con
taining a handbag from the sidewalk
In front of ;.n express office. The
package, it was testified, was the only
one on the sidewalk at the time.
May Be Taken From In Front of
Any Store If It lies
Unguarded.
LINER REACHES
PORT ON TIME
NEIT CABINET
NOW SELECTED
SHAFER TOLD
WEIRD TALES
PROPERTY OX SIDEWALK
BELONGS TO FIXDER
ijrtii sain KRANCJ55CO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
5
AuvcuTismiiLvrs.
1~H| 9
was the first maker
of sticks of soap for
shaving. Sticks in 3
sizes; shaving cakes
in 3 sizes.
rears' Soap established o # ve r zoo years.
AD VEItTISEMENTS^ __.;__ '-*...,': "^ ./['../''"'':.¦ _^
i -_i ¦ ¦ " : • ' v ' •¦•" ; ¦ ;¦ ' . - . '
... - -.....-
F*OR SPOT GASH \
: / . , ' . - . . ___
I | .; i lie best cast ranjze on the rmrket. B.tkes M
I * eyerily'tcp and bottom. Heats water quickly g
1; ; with;qne-half the fuel used in the (M fjn |
•-.ordinary range. We guarantee it 0 i iUU |i
: on .'every' point . for two years. i down aAddresses were also made by Ross
Sargent. Colonel Ward.; Joseph Martin,
George Cameron.' Mayor Johnson, Mr.
Dixon and Harry Green. A visit to the
Rofecrans followed the banquet and
there was more speechmaking there.
the part they had played in its success.
He thanked the City Council for grant
ing the franchise that had made. the
enterprise possible. He explained that
his company had made connections
with the various parts that are com
mercially tributary to . the . Pacific
Coast and his company was . prepared
to deliver to them the fuel oil . they
needed so urgently. Captain Matson
explained that the industrv was only
In Its Infancy and foretold some of the
results that should accompany bring
ing cheap fuel to a city whose har
bor facilities were such aa to enable
her to \ communicate directly with all
the jrreat industrial centers of the
world.
SAILED.
Monday. November 21.
Stmr Acme, Reed, Eureka. : .
' DOMKSTIC PORTS.'
ABERDEEN— Sailed Xov 21— Schr A. B.
Johnson, .for Redondo;. schr Faloon. for San
Francisco; schr Carrier Dove, for San Pedro;
bktnf» John Smith and Eleanor, for San Fran
cisco.. •• - -.. ¦ ' . . .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Xov 21— Schr John
Currier, from Port Blakeley. ¦' -' -' <K-,\ •••
FOREIGN PORTS.'
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Whittier,
hence. Nov 17. ;
Memoranda.
VICTORIA, Nov. 21.— Per steamer Whit
tier, hence. for Vancouver with a cargo of oil
for the Vancouver Refinery — Tho 'captain re
ports terrible weather aJl the way from Golden
Gate, bucking southeast gales.
VICTORIA, Nov. 21. — The German *hip
Engelhorn is taking ballast at Esqulmalt
before shifting ror Port Blakeley for lumber
cargo. The French ship Guerveur is 'having
ports cut In .her hull at Bullens Wharf. Es
quimnlt. to load lumber at Chemainus. jgBVjfc
VICTORIA. Nov. 21. — The German stmr
Memphis called to-nicht tr» take pil"t for Co
mcx, where she loads bunker cral for home
ward voyage. .Trie-- stmr Henral has arrived,
with ~C'\ tons raited salmon for Rht~ni<-u to
Japan by the next Hncr Irun Pug«-t Sound
lallirc here.
LiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
fc'CHERF MURDER TRIAL. POSTPONED.
The trial" of Gustave Scherf. deputy.,pound
keeper, charged with shooting and killing Ru
dolph W... Schultze In South San Francisco,
was again postponed In Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday till next Monday. The defendant's
attorney. Frank J. Murphy, is. suffering from
*ye troubles and the Judge desires to accom
modate him. . :••_- , ;:.:.',-.¦.-
Thanksgiving day will be delightfully spent
by these who take' advantage of the excur
sion to Carmel-by-toe-Sea. which leaves Wed
nesday. November 23, returning Sunday night,
November 27. The "round trip rate will be
$10. which includes all expenses of railway,
transfer at M^iterey. accommodations at Pine
Inn. baths, etc. There are a thousand at
tractions at Carmel Bay, and Pine Inn is a
charming botel. ¦ ' . -
Week-end excursions will be run to Carmel
by-the-t?ea every Saturday commencing No
vember 25. Tickets, good from Saturday to
Monday and including all expenses 'as above,
$6 75. Ask agents Southern. Pacific. > *
day to Sunday.
Thanksgiving Day Excursion, Wednes-
Of different things in his studio. Being
agents for Winsor &. Newton, we can
supply every want. Also pyrography out
fits and wooden and • leather articles to
burn. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market St.*
An Artist Xeeds Thousands
CAHMEL-BY-TIIE-SEA.
that It did not state a public offense
and was not drawn up under the proper
section of the Penal Code. The consti
tutionality of the primary election law
is also attacked. The arguments were
not concluded when court adjourned,
and will be resumed to-morrow after
noon. ' *i '*¦'
JORDAN ON THE JAPANESE.—ALA
MEDA. Nov. XL — President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University will deliver an ad
dress on "The Strength o? ths Japan<-«»" be
fore the Unitarian Club Wednesday night.
Coroner Leland held an inquest
yesterday on the body of Lawrence
Ayor. four months and two weeks
old, who died in his mother's arms
November 16 after she had tramped
the streets for several hours while In
toxicated. The jury returned a ver
dict that death was. due to neglect
by its parents. They exonerated the
landlady. Mrs. Hicks, from any blame.
Mrs. Hicks had ejected the child's
parents from 331^ Sixth street be
cause of their drunkenness and filthy
habits.
Drunken Parents Blnmetl..
OAKLAND, Nov. 21. — On the
ground that she had contributed by
her own negligence to an injury to
her leg, which necessitated Its ampu
tation. Judge Melvin to-day held that
Mary Kennedy had no action at law
against the Oakland Traction Com
pany and granted a motion for a non
f<ult. Through her attorney, M. C.
Chapman, she wa« suing for- $35,000
damages. Attorney Harmon Bell
represented the railway. This is the
second time a nonsuit has been grant
ed in tho case.
Acx-ident Her Own Fault.
The case of Isidor Burg, charged
with bigamy, was dismissed by Judge
Cook yesterday on the ground that
the alleged first marriage in England
could not be proved. Attorney Digby
Johnson said he had been called four
times as an expert on the marriage
laws of England and had not received
a fee. The Judge instructed him to
make o;it his demand and he would
indorse it. There is a charge against
Burg of failure to provide. It is on
appeal before Judge Lawlor, still
pending. Burg is a tailor and his first
wife came here , from England with
her two children to find that he had
married another wpman.
Uurg Bigamy Case Dismissed.
HORSES DIE FROM BUJINS.—BERKE
LEY. Nov. 21. — Fire In the barn of George
Mulhollaml on the quarry ranch, north of
Kerkelt-y. destroyed SO tens of hay last n!*ht
and burned eight horses so that they dlect
later. The loss is estimated at J-".0OO.
JORDAN TO PAT ALL. HIS DEBTS.—OAK
LAND, Nov. '^1.— In answer to a tummons of
court. Frank C. Jordan, clerk of the Supreme
Ccurt. appeared before Justice of * tSe Pe»c»
Quinn to-day to explain* why he has not paid
his debts. Jordan Informed the court that his
debts amount to about J12.000 and that he has
no personal property. He refused to take ad
vantage of the Insolvency laws and will pay
all his d>bts in time. •
Trustee Bowers introduced an ordi
nance to prohibit the hauling of Oak
land garbage through this city and the
dumping of the same on the Bay Farm
Island.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 21. — John B. Kahn
of San Francisco was to-night elected
by the City Trustees to be superintend
ent of the municipal electric light and
power plant to succeed G. A. Wiese,
who retires with the end of the present
month. -
Kahn Succeeds* Wlese.
Arthur Blair, a second son, who
died a few months ago, leaves a wid
ow, who v.ill be ¦ second heir. Ed
ward Yarde-Buller. deceased's hus
band, is now in Africa. It is believed
that in the will the two sons are left
all of the property.
Ilalph Ii. Rlalrto Handle Hi* Mother's
Projifitj l.'ntil tin* Arrival of
Her Will From England.
OAKLAND. Nov. 21.— Ralph K.
Blair, the only surviving son of the
late Lady Kirkham Blair Yarde-Bul
ler, was granted letters of administra
tion on thf estate of his mother to
day. Th? ftEtate consists of a building
at Pine and Battery streets in Han
Francisco, valued at $100,000. The
will of the deceased is on its way out
here from England ai \ until it arrives
Blair wants authority to handle the
estate.
SON WILL ADMINISTER
YAni>i;-mLLi:R estate
OAKLAND, Nov. 21. — Mrs. Hannah
Cutler, a witness to the shooting of
her daughter. Laura Campbell, swore
to a complaint to-day charging Lem
uel D. Campbell, the young woman's
husband, with murder. Campbell was
taken before acting Police Judge
Geary this morning, but the case was
continued a day pending the filing of
a complaint. Campbell will be ar
raigned to-morrow morning. Attorney
A. L. Frick represents Campbell.
Swears to Charge of Murder.
The motion to set aside ithe informa
tion charging Charles Wyman with
fraudulently voting at the primary elec.
tion on the ground that the defendant
had been illegally committed was ar?
gued before Judge Lawlor yesterday
afternoon. The point at issue was that
Judge Cabaniss had erred in taking
testimony while the defendant was out
on ball on the application for a writ
of habeas corpus before Judge Sloss.
After considerable argument the
Judge denied the motion, holding that
whatever irregularity may have been
committed by Judge Cabaniss it was
not such a departure from the strict
rules of procedure as to prejudice the
substantial rights of the defendant. At
torney Countryman was allowed thirty
days to prepare a bill of exceptions to
the Supreme Courts Countryman then
interposed a demurrer to the informa
tion on several grounds, among them
Judge Lawlor yesterday morning de
nied the motion to quash the indictment
charging Joseph Rebstock with a viola
tion of the election law in refusing to
administer the oath to a voter whose
vote was challenged at the primary
election while he was acting as an in
spector. The defendant's attorneys were
granted a stay of thirty days to pre
pare a bill of exceptions to the Supreme
Court.
Attorney Newburgh then filed a mo
tion to terminate the proceedings on
the ground that prior to the filing of the
indictment the defendant was com
pelled to attend ur>on the Grand Jury
as a witness and testify against him
self, in violation of his constitutional
rights. He also asked the privilege of
producing oral testimony In support of
his motion. District Attorney Bylng
ton objected to the motion and the
Judge sustained the objection..
Newburgh thereupon interposed a de
murrer to the indictment on the ground
that it was not alleged that the defend
ant had ever qualified to act as an in
spector. There were other grounds,
among them that the administering of
the oath was not mandatory and that It
was unconstitutional, as it destroyed
the secrecy of the ballot. The argu
ments on the demurrer will be made
this afternoon.
' The Board of Supervisors yesterday
opened bids for a portion of the bond ,
issue for public improvements and re- |
ferred them to the joint Committee on j
Public Utilities and Finance for action j
thereon. i
Only two bids were submitted, one by |
a banking syndicate and the other by i
the State Board of Examiners. No bids j
were received for the bonds for sewers, ',
schools or hospital.
The Bank of California in the interest
of a local syndicate bid par and ac
crued interest for all of the following!
3'/fe per cent bonds, amounting to $2,099,- j
800. segregated as follows: j
Eighteen series library bonds. $739,800. |
Children's playground bonds, $740,000.
Golden Gate Park and Presidio exten- .
sion bonds. $328,000. '
Mission Park bonds, $292,000. •
The names of the banks composing'
the syndicate and the amounts bid by
each follow: Mutual Savings Bank,
5328,000; Hibernia Savings Bank, $300,
000; German Savings Bank. $292,000:
San Francisco Savings Union, $200,000; .
Mercantile Trust Company, $154,500;:,
National Bank of D. O. Mills & Co., |
$75,000; Security Savings Bank. $40,000;
French Savings Bank, $25,000; the Mis
sion Bank, $25,000; Bank of California,
$660,000. Total. $2,099,800.
CHECK ACCOMPANIES BID.
A certified .check for $10,000 accompa
nied the bids.
The State Board of Examiners bid
par and accrued interest on 250 chil
dren's olayground bonds of the denom
ination* of $1000.
The board adopted a resolution pro
viding that in future it will not grant
any one a permit to build a grand
stand or booth on City Hall square.
Braunhart thought the board should
not permit any more heavy decorations
to be suspended, such as had been hung
at Third and Market streets recently, i
on the ground that they are dangerous
to lift-. •-.;-. ¦-... -:
Petitions were filed by property own
ers protesting against the closing of ;
Beach street, between Laguna and I
Buchanan, and requesting that meas
ures be taken to prevent the donation |
of a public highway to private persons j
representing a corporation, such action
having been recommended by the Board
of Public Works. The protestants say
such action would be a gross violation
of law and cause the loss of a valuable
highway without any compensation to
the city.
FOR ST. MARY'S SQUARE.
The Finance Committee laid over un
1 til the compilation of the next budget
[the petition of the St. Mary's Square
i Association that the monthly revenue of
$500 derived from property acquired for
St. Mary's square be applied to the
fund therefor. The committee decided
It has no power at present to credit the
J rentals to the fund named.
I The committee took under advisement
the passing of a demand of $330 pre
sented by B. Hayes for hauling voting
machines to halls for exhibition pur
poses. The committee thought the price
charged, of $10 each way, was exces
i slve.
\ The committee referred a demand of
F. M. Yorke & Co. for repairing bltu
' minous streets in October to the Joint
Finance and Street Committee for con
sideration to-morrow at 3:30 p. m.
Eebstqck and Wyman's At
torneys Still Filibustering
on Technical Grounds
Examiners Would Buy
Some of City's Securities
Banking Syndicate and State
BID ON PORTION
OF BOND ISSUE
COURT WORRIED
WITH MOTIONS
The deceased was a member of
Oakland Lodge No. 171, B. P. O. E.,
and the funeral will be held at 2 p. m.
Wednesday, under the auspices of the
lodge. The remains wHl be inciner
ated. :;—^
Information has just been received
of the death of W. H. Rouse, former
ly a well known resident of this city,
at Goldfleld. New, where he was en
gaged in mining. Rouse was 70 years
of age and was a brother of W. A.
Rouse, the pioneer commission mer
chant. He leaves a wife, Mary W.
Rouse, and one son, Robert W. Rouse.
The remains will be brought to this
city for interment. - -
OAKLAND. Nov. 21. — Henry Mell
mann. a well known retired capitalist
of Oakland, aged 44 years, died this
morning at his home. 1376 Franklin
street. Death was caused by heart
disease and was not unexpected by
the family. Mr. Mellmann leaves a
wife and five children, Henry, Carl,
Frederick, Miss Ausuta and Miss Lena
Mellmann.
Henry Mellmann Passes Away at His
Home In Oakland — W. H. Rouse
Dies In Nevada.
Mr. Power* paid a glowing tribute to
the splendid ability and public spirit
of Captain Matson and dwelt at length
upon the great good that Monterey
would derive from his enterprise and
Interest. He also told of the achieve
ments of Hon. Nicholas Olslandt. Cap
tain Barneson. Captain Hibbard, Mr.
Martin and the other capitalists asso
ciated with Captain Matson.
Captain Matson. as the guest of the
evening, thanked the citizens for their
magnificent reception and the army for
A number of men notable in the
financial world of San Francisco were
present. Among them were Captain
John Barneson, Captain I. N. Hlb
bard. Hon. Nicholas Ohlandt. Frank
Ames, Walter Buck, George Cameron.
F. H. Davis. Frank Pauson, Joseph
Martin. George Jackson and Hon.
Erastus Knickerbocker. There was
also at the table about seventy-five of
the leading citizens of Monterey and
San Francisco.
In his opening remarks General Quin
ton caMed attention to the magnitude
of the undertaking the completion of
which they were celebrating. Although
less than a year had passed since the
enterprise was inaugurated, yet by the
expenditure of more than a million
dollars Monterey with Its varied but
numerous resources and its deep water
harbor, had been connected with the
cheap fuel that would enable its pro
jected commercial enterprises to com
pete with the cities of the world- and
make it possible for the local capital
ists to put upon the markets the vari
ous stone products, glass sands, ce
ment, lime and other natural resources
that had hitherto been undeveloped
because of the lack of cheap fuel and
transportation.
The first toast of the evening, "Cap
tains of Industry," was answered to
by F. H. Powers. He -spoke of Collis
P. Huntington as the master of the
captains of Industry produced by the
great West. He reviewed that devel
opment of California and particularly
of San Francisco under the guiding
hand of Huntington. He showed how
the necessity for the development of
San Francisco had prevented the de
velopment of Monterey and» insisted
that the projecting of the pipe line
by the Matson Transporttion Company
and the completion of the wharf giving
to Monterey, with Its splendid harbor
facilities, the advantage of accommo
dating the largest deep water ships,
would be as important in developing
Monterey and bringing to it the hew
growth incident to the coming- of new
capital as the building of the Central
Pacific Railroad had been to making
San Francisco, the great metropolis of
the Pacific Coast.
"Monterey, with Its deep -water har
bor, with its varied resources, with the
cheapest fuel of any seaport city of
the world, will," he said; : ."become
to San Francisco and the Pacific Coast
what the city of Boston is to New
York and the Atlantic Coast.'" '
Tho banquet was a triumph of
originality. The table, beautifully
decorated with. pa lms and flowers, was
In the shape of the letter "LV" General
Quinton'. U. S. A. (retired), chairman
of the Monterey Chamber of Com
merce, was seated at the center of
the lower end of the "U" as toastmas
ter. At his right was Captain Wil
lian Matson, president of the Matson
Transportation Company and the
Conlinga Oil Company, who was the
guest of honor. At his left was Judge
Cope of Morrison & Cope, attorneys
for the company; Colonel Ward, Fif
teenth Infantry. U. S. A., in command
of the post at Monterey, and F. H.
Powers, Mayor of Carmel; Hon.
Thomas Field, president of the Bank
of Monterey; Hon. Ross C.*Sargent,
president of the City Council, were
also at the speakers' end of the table.
The steamer Rosecrans of the Mat
son Navigation Company's fleet was
loaded with 23,000 barrels of crude
oil at Monterey yesterday and will sail
for Honolulu with the first cargo load
ed through the pipe line from the
Coalinga field in Fresno County. Last
Saturday evening Monterey held Joy
ful celebration of the dawn of a new
era of shipping and commercial ac
tivity that the enterprise of the Coal
inga Oil Transportation Company has
brought to the historic town.
The various commercial and social
organizations had prepared a pro
gramme that will long stand out In
the annals of Monterey. There was a
salute of fifty guns and a grand recep
tion by the citizens when the newly
equipped oil steamer arrived Saturday
afternoon. In the evening the Fif
teenth Infantry band gave a concert
in front of the Monterey Hotel. In
tho hotel was served a banquet, over
which Charles Dickman, the artist,
presided as chef in extraordinary.
The society young ladies of Monterey,
marshaled by Miss Evelyn McCor
mick. the San Francjsco artist, acted
us waitresses. .. J.' .
RETIRED CAPITALIST IS
CALLED BY DEATH
Chief Hodgkins was barred from
swearing to complaints as were all
f»th»>r police officials who were con
nected with the Investigations which
causf-d the dismissal of th^ quartet.
Both Shannon and Goodwin explained
to Prosecuting Attorney A. P. Leach
and to Chief of Police Hodgkins that
th^y did not feel warranted in making
eworn accusations upon the evidence
at hand. The law requires that direct
charges must be made in cases of a
ftlony grade; that affidavits sworn to
"upon information and belief" are not
acceptable. Therefore neither police
man was willing to take the respon
sibility of making the charges.
So far as prosecution of any of the
dismissed policemen is concerned the
refusal of Shannon and Goodwin to
act pottles th»- situation and closc-s the
li.cider.t. They were the only men who
taw any of the operations and were the
only men who came anywhere near
b^ing in a position to make the required
affidavits upon which warrants of ar
rest could issue.
Policeman Michael Shannon and
Special Policeman N. N. Goodwin to
day refused to swear to complaints
against former Sergeant of Police C. E.
Clark and former Policemen Lee K.
Andrews. J. F. Stahl and C W. Ham
erton on charges of burglary growing
out of the recent exposures of pilfering
in merchants' stores.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Nov. 21-
Policemen Refuse to Make
Affidavits on Warrants
for Arrest of Pillerers
First Cargo From Pipe Line
the Occasion of Joyful
Celebration by Citizens
NO ONE SWEARS
TO COMPLAINT
LOADS WITH OIL
AT MONTEREY
Former State Senator Frank J. Moffitt
Is critically ill at his residence. Filbert
and Eighteenth streets. His recovery is
extremely doubtful. He has been ill for
several months, but at intervals had re
cuperated and gained strength until a
recurrence of his trouble . prostrated
him ten days ago.
Since then the patient has been grad
ually sinking, and his condition became
so alarming to-day<that his physicians
say the case is almost hopeless.
Dr. S. H. Buteau, the family physi
cian, who has charge of the case, to
day summoned Dr. E. H. Woolsey of
this city and Dr. McConnell of San
Francisco in consultation. After a close
examination the physicians decided
that the administration of extreme
remedies to meet the low action of the
heart was necessary. Owing to Moffltt's
debilitated condition the doctors fear
that he has not sufficient vitality to
rally.
Moffltt has been one of the prominent
characters in the political life of Cali
fornia. His activity in affairs in this
city has given him a wide prominence,
both in politics, in Journalism and it
business. For many years he conducteu
the Oakland Times through the heat oi
hard-fought campaigns, in which the
blows given and taken were far from
being love taps. Senator Moffltt is mar
ried and has a son, Jefferson Moffltv.
There are several brothers and sisters
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 21.
No one wants to tyrannize over you. or to
mak» this work galling or Irksome. All the
Government a.«ks in return for the $100,000 it
gives the university is that we maintain a mili
tary department. You have an able and honor
able officer In command of the department in
the person ot Captain Nance. He has rendered
this country valuable service In China and the
Philippines, and Is now stationed here to carry
cut the Government's plan. If you men obey
the regulations the work can be made pleasant
and will be productive of great gcod to all. Im
plicit and absolute obedience Is neceusary, how
ever. No military department can be maintained
without It. To be able to subject yourself
completely to properly constituted authority Is
a fine thing and should In no way be thoupht
to indicate subserviency on the part of these
who so obey the regulations.
Captain Nance, with his adjutants,
drilled the cadets as usual this morn
ing on the Ampus and the old football
field. Colonel Robert Moulthrop, who
has been instrumental in organizing
the military department of the univer
sity, assisted in the drill. After the
cadets had b»en drawn up in hollow
square formation, Colonel Moulthrop
addressed the men as follows:
Mom* thiiiKS have ha5<pened recently that In
no vray have rofl<*'t"d credit on ycur university.
The b*st way for you to show
your r»(tard . for your ccllrge Is to
Htand by It* military department. If
you don't, the <Jovernment Inspector may
some day advise the department at Washing
ton that It Ire abolished, and this. In addition
to the disgrace, would mean a Ions of f KH.C0O
a year to the university, trte greater part cf
which Is utilized in other departments than the
military. - ' •
Hale was Informed by Captain Nance
to-day that a special report in his case
had been made by Professor W. A.
Setchell of the students' affairs com
mittee,. Setchell having reported, ac
cording to Hale, that the young editor's
conduct at the riot on the campus was
reprehensible.
¦ Some of the students have attempted
to excuse themselves to Captain Nance,
for failure to be present^at the recita
tion, when the original trouble oc
curred, by saying" that they simply cut
that recitation. J. L.. Dobbins, a senior,
to-day made this explanation to Nance
and was informed that it could not be
considered a sufP.cient excuse. This
point, it Is said, will be brought before
the academic senate
We are i>ermitted to make this appeal to the
senate, and In the event of our dismissal being
ordered we certainly »licll avail ourselves of
the privilege. If it Is domonstrated that Cap
tain Nance was not carrying out any specific
regulation of the War Department In directing
the i-la's to ilne up in front of North, Hall, but
merely was carrying out his idea of what con
stituted discipline, then the penate will be
competent to revise that order and decide upon
the wisdom and advisability of the order.
In the cases 'of Individual studonto. who may
feel thai they have bi'«-n treated unfairly, and
hav>» not hod the hearing befc re Captain Nance
to which they are entitled, the senate will be
asked to consider the facts, from the students'
standpoint, and decide whether they have been
unfairly condemned.
Despite the fact that Captain J. T.
Nance, military instructor at the Uni
versity, to-day delivered his report to
President Wheeler in, the cases of for
ty-eight of the sixty-three seniors who
were charged with insubordination and
riotous conduct, the suspense of the ac
cused men continues. They still are
Ignorant of their fate. They do not
know whether Nance has recommended
their dismissal, or whether he has de
cided to accept the excuses made to
him as satisfactroy. President Wheel
er refuses to state what Captin Nance
has reported. Captain Nance refers
all questioners to the president. The
President has nothing to say.
'"I cannot be interviewed again on
this matter." said President Wheeler
this afternoon. "All in good time,
whatever is done, will be known."
W. T. Hale, editor of the Daily Cali
fornian, a college publication, who was
called before the students* affairs com
mittee of the faculty last week to.ex
plain hia editorials, which were strenu
ously objected to by the commitee, said
to-day that the controversy of the
seniors with Captain Nance will be
taken eventually to the academic
senate, a body composed of the . pro
fessors and Instructors of the univer
sity, who will be asked to rule upon the
Justness of the military Instructor's ac
tion, if that action results in the dis
missal of seniors from the military
class, and go from the university. Said
Hale to-day: r
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 21.
Su*t« is an electrician, 32 years old,
and i* believed to be insane- He ran
out of his home at 944 Fifty-seventh
¦treet about midnight. He had been
cor.Cn*»d to the house for some days by
Illness. He uu followed by his brother.
At San Pablo avenue Alonzo ran
through the basement of a house. Tak
ir.p a hod of coal for ammunition and a
ba«f-b£:i bat. he mounted by a small
Sugg's attention was held in one direc
tion the lariat was thrown from the
other and he was yanked off the roof
before he could get free. He fell fifteen
feet and was partially stunned, but re
covered consciousness almost immedi
ately and gave the policemen a terrible
fight before he was secured. He was
removed to the insane ward of the Re
ceiving Hospital.
OakJar:d O5c* San Francisco CalL
1016 Broadway, Nov. 2L
Arrn'-d with a hod of coal and a base
ball bat, AJonzo Sugg, a negro, held a
equad of po'.ice at bay fr>r some hours
tasly this morning, and was only taken
when a well directed throw of a lariat
pinioned his arms and he was dragged
off th* roof of a ben roost at the corner
of Fifty-sixtii street and San Pablo
avenue. He then fought again savage-
Iv until h* was subdued.
ladder to the top of a hen house, from
where he defied his brother.
A cftjl for the police brought Officers
Brown, , Ho-wlett and "Walters to the
scene- They were kept away from the
hen house by the waving of the bat.
When beyond reach of this weapon,
Sugg had recourse to the coal, with
which he maintained a heavy fire.
Not caring to test the quality and
weight of Alonzo's baseball bat and
fearing bis artillery fire, the peace offi
cers retired for a conference. As a re
pult a lariat 'was procured and while
WELL THROWN LARIAT ENDS STRUGGLE
Abbie L. and Alice M. Marston to A. J. Mor
rison (married*, lot on N line of East Twenty
first street. 425 E of Twenty-first avenue V
140. W 36. S HO. E 36. block 67, Northern Ad
dltlcn. East Oakland: $10.
Thomas F. JIcMullln (single) to Charles n.
Harmon, lot 19. block I. map subdivistcn blocks
I. J and L. Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Milton and E. J. Shepardson to James Irvin»
lot on X line of Dwight way. 150 E of Chnata
street. E 15O by X SCO, lot 2. block 7 prop
erty College Homestead Association. Berkeley;
SlCh
John D. Griswold to John Orlswold. lot 7
Frultvale and San Leandro Road Tract. Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Charles A. and Helena J. Armstrong to
George II. Lee. lot on E line of Wheeler ave
nue. l<E!:10 X of Washington street. X «29
h\ E l.°>o. lots 29. r.0 and portion lot 23 sub
division A. Fruitvale Terminal Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Leah F. Mott 'single) to H R and Mlnni»
Orwig <wire>. lot on S line of Pacifle avem:e
250 E of Chestnut street, E W> by 8 I502I
lo: 13. block r». lands adjacent to Enclnal
Alameda; *10.
Theresla Vollmar (widow) to Bertha T. Voll
mar (single), lot on W line of Cedar street
240 S of Clinton avenue, S 40 by W ISO lot
1^. block C. Bellevue Tract. Alameda: gift
Mary E. Holtnn (wife of L. J.) to Mary' A.
Maslln. lot on S line of San Jose avenue 14*
W of Lafayette street. W 49 by S ISO blo-k
14. amended map Bartlett Tract. Alameda- $1<>
Andrea and Antonia nelucchl to Eugenio
Casazza. lot on W line of Peralta street 31 3
X of Fifteenth. N 31:3 by W 110. lot SS. 'block
727A. map resubdivlalon portion blocks 72B V
727A and 727 B. Oakland; J10.
Eugenlo Casazza or U. G. Cassazza and Sera
flna Casazza (wife) to Andrea D«Iucchl lot
on XW comer of Fifteenth and Peralta street*
ma^OaM; £g ' Ot "' W ~" ™+ ™
John Walde fstnglq) to Daniel I. Walde un
divided half of lot 45. Milton Tract. Oakland;
Edward and Tilly K. Sala fw1fe> to Edgar
Hunter, subdivision 10 In lot 36. mao S Glen
Echo Tract, etc.. Oakland; |10.
Emma H. Button (wife of Fred I*) to Adam
J. Trescher. lot 45. Mlltnn Tract. Oakland; flo.
Adam J. and Lizzie Trescher to John Walde
lame, Oakland; <10.
Same to same, let on E Una of Hsracg atr««t.
135 N oft But>r avenue. N 5«t3".:. E 150. S 52 ii.
W'130 to beglETilay. Oakland; giii.
Charlotte L,. C"ast!e (widow) to G. Vanden
peereboom, lot on NE comer of Paraita. and
Watson aveniMs. NE 445 S3. E 289. 20. S 4C2 W)
W 4S7.es. betn* plat 16. map of Lakeview
subdivision of plats 16 ta 18. Watscn Tract.
East Oakland- $10.
Raehel M. Smith. Lucy M. Hale. Agnes M,
Noyes and Harriet M. Comstock to O#or«» E.
Dyer (wife of Joseph B. ). lot ca N Us* of Ed
wards atreet. 1250 K of Telegraph avenue B
15 by N 125. being \V 15 feet of lot 26. Pacific
Theological Seminary Tract. Oakland- $10
Ira and Charlotte A. Vaarhaa to Mary Mc-
Carthy, lot on S line of Lincoln «tre«t. 73 W
of Campbell. W 40 by S 110. lot 4 and E U
?nd' «£ ffiSn?- 1 |5r P ° f Part ° f PUtS **
.M?^ L - <°r H- L,) "Walker to Allda A.
Babb. lot on S line of Wallace avenue tor
Fo "r, fl - ftl U 8tr<!et) - MOle E *' Salem E MX
6 lo5.1T. W 5O2. N" 1M».*W. lot I*. Co^g-shall
Tract E of Fan Pahlo avenue. Oakland" $1<>
Julia A. and Fred A. Ring- (wife) to Charles'
and Augusta C. Behnke (as Joint tenants with
right of snrrlvcrshlp). lot on SK corner of
Paradise (now Genoa) and Benton (now Six
tieth) streets. S 43 by E 120. lot I. block 2.
McKe« Tract In plat 46. V. and D. Peralta
Rancho. Oakland; also lot beginning at SB
corner of lot 11. block O. thenco along N* lin»
of Sixtieth or Benton street. W 40 thence at
right angles X to S line of Stanford a\-enu«.
NE to NE corner of said lot 11. S 100 to begln
£?"% 5S? n f E *° feet of 8ald lot "• Para.lisa
Park. Oakland; $10.
Mary and John McCarthy to Ida Vaushaa.
lot on "W line of Campbell etreet, SO N of
Seward. N 30 by W 115. lot 14. map part o£
plats :i-u and 3S«. Oakland; $10.
Luther A. or L.. A. Teajfue ti> Mary S. T>ayue
(wire) lot on r\ line of Sixtieth street. 133
E of Idahc. E S3" by S 130, portion lots 4 and
3, block 4, amended map ol butler Tract. Oak
land; sift.
Sam« to rame, property la Saa Francisco
County; gift.
Frank F. and Mary C. Crux to Joseph Smith.
all Interest in lot .on SE corner of B and Lou!*s
•treets, E 33 by S 1W>. subdivision J of lot «.
in block 7'Jl. map No. 2. "\Vatt3 Tract. Oak
land; *i<x
Sophia J. Schneider to Frederick J. Schnei
der, lot on N line of Second street. 10O W of
Jefferson. W 30 by N ICO. lots 2i an.i 23, bloc*
~, Kellerberger'a map. Oakland; sift.
Thomas D. and Ro» A. Sullivan to Peter J.
and Katherine F. Mullen, lot oa SW corner of
Telegraph avenue and Morgan streer. S 103. .Vj.
W 1*J4Q N T 30. E 121. lot 12 and pcrtloa Id
10. McElrath Tract, Oakland; $260«>.
I>alty Syndicate to Harlow P. Bancroft, lota
1 to 2S. block I. map Alpiae Tract. Oakland:
110.
garah Greer twlJow) to Sarah H. Macauley
(single;, lot en N'K corner of Caxspbell and
William street, N 5O:7 by C 73. lota 1 aad 2,
block 409. Gibbons property at Oakland Point.
Oakland; gift.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 21.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Editor of College Paper
Will Prepare Petition
to the Academic Senate
APPEAL TO BE TAKEN
Physicians Resort to Ex
treme Measures in Ef
fort to Revive Patient
HEABT ACTION FAILING
The company has also agreed to in
stall a distributing system to cost ap
proximately $1,500,000. making- the
totnl cost of the plant $5,250,000.
In view of the committee's recom
mendation it' Is assured that the City
Council will submit this proposition
to a vote of the people at a bond elec
tion to be called as soon as legal re
quirements can be met.
The canvass of the citizens, which
was ended to-day, gave a total vote
of 7122, or within 4 00 of the total
vote that was cast at the recent bond
election for ' public improvements.
The cards returned showed pref
erences a3 follows:
Five thousand and fifty-four are for the Bay
Titles Wnter Company's projiosltion, 154T. are
for the wells supply. «."V are for either. 360 are
against both propositions, 92 were rejected, of
which 52 were not signed. 22 expressed no
opinion "nnd 18 for miscellaneous reasons.
Of the :$r>fj votes against both propositions.
57 expressed a preference for the Contra
Costa Water Company's plant. 23 were against
municipal ownership on principle. 23 miscel
laneous reasons were given, and 263 gave no
reason.
OAKLAXD. Nov. 21.— The Bay
Cities Water Company's proposal to
establish a municipal water supply for
the city of Oakland has been recom
mended to the City Council for adop
tion by unanimous vote of the special
committee on water supply. This ac
tion is the result of the canvass made
by the committee, which returned a
vote of 5054 for the Bay Cities
project as against 1545 for the arte
sian' wells plan. The report of the
committee was made to-night to the
City Council and it was referred to the
committee of the whole, which will
meet Friday night. •
On motion of Councilman B. H.
Pendleton the City Attorney was di
rected to consult with the attorneys
of the Bay Cities Water Company with
relation to the preparation of a con
tract of construction of the plant.
Under the terms of the company's
proposition a plant will be installed
to bring not less than 20,000,000 gal
lons daily to the southern boundary of
the city. This is to cost $3,750,000.
COMPANY'S AGREEMENTS.
Embodied in the recommendation
is the statement sent . to the voters,
which presented the arguments on
the Bay Cities Water Company and
the artesian wells scheme.
The report to the Council is signed
by the entire committee, which is
composed of Warren Olney. J. T._Wal
lace. Edwin Meese, F. C. Turner. R.
H. Chamberlain, Cary Howard and
James K. Moffitt.
In its recommendations to the
Council the committee said:
' Of the various propositions brought to our
attention, the committee, having unanimous^
asreed updn two as possessing the «reat?si
merit and being the most feasible for adop
tion, was also of the opinion that an expres
sion of preference on the part of our citizen.
after setting forth before them the salient
features of each of these, would be of great
assistance to the Council in deciding as to
the project which should b* presented to the
peopl» in a bond election. We therefore issued
a circular letter, which Is attached hereto, and
a ropy thereof was mailed on November 14 to
every registered voter of the city. »e tamK
the above letter sufficiently set forth the re
sults of our investigation, except that we
Bhould cow add that the committee has had to
eliminate all propositions presented to It for
bringing water from the Sierra Nevada Moun
tains, because in each case th* expense would
be greater than th» city can now tegaJly In
cur, and it does not seem practically possible
at the present time to unite Berkeley and
Alameda with us In such a plan. - :
SOME CONCLUSIONS.
The committee embodies the result
of the canvass and continues:
In view of the fact that at the recent bond
election held September 'Si. when ten different
propositions for public improvement were sub
mitted to vote, a total of 7563 voles were cast,
and that at the election held April 23, 19O*. for
the Issuance of *96<»,C0O of school bonds, only
3905 vote* were cast, we feel that the abovj
response, over the signatures of the voters. Is
Indicative of a deep Interest on. 'the part of
our citizens In this Important question of mu
nicipal policy.
While there was at first a difference of
opinion in the committee as to which of these
two propositions we should recommend, wo
are now unanimous In recommending the Bay
Cltlfs Water Company's proposition. Our cit
izens have exprp^ed their choice In so posi
tive a manner' we believe that all reimlne
friends of municipal ownership of water sup
ply, regardless of iormer preference as among
various p«->5sible plans for its accomplishment,
shruld now heartily unite in support of this
proposition which finds favor with such a
large majority of voters who have thus
spoken.
With Rude Weapons Alonzo Sugg
Holds Pursuers at Bay.
People's Vote Will
Guide Water Committee
Little Hope for Recovery
of Once Prominent Poli
tician and Journalist
Captain Nance Files Keport
With Wheeler, but Seniors
Are Not Yet Enlightened
BAT CITIES' PLAN
IS THE FAVORITE
INSANE NEGRO BATTLES
WITH OAKLAND POLICE
STILL IGNORANT
OF THEIR FATE
FRANK MOFFITT
NEAR TO DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
HAS FIT IN BATHTUB.— John K*lly. an
old man, while taking: a bath at the I^urllne
yenterday. Is supposed to have been overcome
by an apoplectic fit. A friend of Kelly's wan
attracted to ths bathroom and found the nlii
man lying unconscious in thfl l-ath and the -hot
water overflowlnr. Kelly dltd at the Kmer-
Ei noy Hi si'it.il. He lived at 1H> L.I!jr avenue.
John D. Putnam, inspector in
charge of the United States Immigrant
Bureau at Los Ansreles, died in that
city yesterday. He was a lineal de
scpndaht of General Israel Putnam of
revolutionary fame.
Death of John D. Putnam.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Handy to Have About the House
Tq \J£A Pill in time is a wonderfully good thing and saves
many a fit of sickness. Every person, young or old.
GlirO needs a little help often to pat their systems right.
If there's Biliousness Constipation or Indigestion a
Th8 doss of BEECHAM'S PILLS will generally set things
I H right. Sick Headaches are cured as if by charm, and
¦IIS you will ,T»t.
p fA| j SAVE EXPENSE
' and be enabled to enjoy many a' pleasure heretofore
TUB ' made impossible.
Family BEECHAM'S PILLS make life worth living by
* putting your system in condition to enjoy it.
"If Any trouble arising from derangement of the organs
I kino* ° f 6511011 and s«cretion is quickly set right if you
using m use
BIEOHAM'S PILLS
* *
-Sold Everywhere in Boxes, -I Oc. and 25o«
ADVEirrifiEMEVT-S.
XOT TOR BEST FARM
In the State.
, "I saw bo much in the papers about
the wonderful euros effected by Pyra-
mid Pile Cure I determined to give it
a trial. I bought from my druggist one
M-cent box and used it as directed, and
by the time I had used the last 'pyra-
mid* I was entirely cured; in four days
after I began to use the 'pyramids' all
inflammation was gone. I was perfect-
ly easy all the time, the excessive dis-
charge stopped at once and stools be-
came easy and gentle.
"I was unable to get my own firewood
for four months, and half the time
when I couid walk at all I had to walk
half-brnt. I ueed many pile remedies,
salvos and ointments, all to no effect
until I used one 50-cent box of Pyramid
Pile Cure and was cured.
"I would not be afflicted as I was four
months ago for the best farm In the
State of Arkansas. I can give proof
and reference of the wonderful cure to
all who are afflicted as I was. Please
publish my letter that I may advise the
afflicted." W. E. Wallls, Piggot, Ark.,
box 26.
The experience of Mr. Wallls Is that
of thousands of others who suffer for
years with the most painful forms of
hemorrhoids or piles, and after trying
everything they hear of give up all hope
of a cure and look for temporary relief
only. To all such a little book published
by Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall. Mich.,
brings glad tidings, a* it tells all about
th* cause and cure of piles and is sent
free for the aekinsr.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1010 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1053.
BERKELEY.
2HS Center Street.
Telephone .North 77.
ALA31EDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 55D.Fall hats. 1904, Just arrived, nobbitf
tbas ever. Tom 'Dillon & Co., opp.Palac*,*
Grace McXaughton a bride.
Grace -McNaughton, who recently
figured in the police court of Oakland
as defendant to -charges of .theft
brought against her by Mrs. Robert
Mein, was yesterday married i in • San
Rafael to Fred W. Chambers, a clerk
In a cigar store in this city. The mar
riage ceremony was performed by
Justice of, the Peace McGee of * San
Rafael.
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters expel
all poisons and impart renewed life and
energy to the whole system. •
Tailor Suffocated by Gas.
Murdock McDougald, a tailor, 56 years
old, was killed last Sunday night by
inhaling Illuminating gas in his room
at 1425% '.Mission street. He was
found yesterday morning fully drsssed
on a lounge, the key of the gas
burner fully open and several half
burned matches on the floor under
it. McDougald had a wooden leg, and
it is supposed that while intoxicated
he had turned on the gas and had
been overcome while attempting:' to
light it. His daughter, Belle, who oc
cupied an adjoining room, was visit
ing a friend that evening. Her mpther
is 'n Canada. •
It's Always Time
To get one of our clocks, the quaint, the
golden ones that every one wants. Also
gold candlesticks, candelabra and Jewel
cases make fine wedding presents and
prizes for card parties. San born, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. : . • „• ¦¦-.,
Contempt Case Dismissed.
The contempt proceedings were
dismissed yesterday in the case of
Pedro Etcheverry and others cited
to appear before Judge Morrow In
the United States Circuit Court to
show cause why they should not be
punished for contempt for having al
lowed their sheep to graze on the
succulent young pines and greasewood
of the , Stanislaus forest reserve. Ex-
Governor James H. Budd appeared for
the defense and made a technical ob
jection to the pleadings, which was
sustained. United States District At
torney Woodworth' will apply at once
for a new restraining order.
water front Mr. Lee will be sentenced
to-day.
Miss Ida Xelson not only indignantly
denied that she stole a linger ring and
some silver cash from Carl Cass, mas
ter of the scow schooner Hettie and
Nettle, but hinted that she knew who
did commlfthe theft. Then she was
given till to-morrow to make up her
mind as to whether It would be nobler
to turn informer or "suffer for an
other's crime. The robbery Was com
mitted In the Cascade dance hall,
where Miss Nelson reigned as premiere
danseuse when Captain Cass became
enamored of her physical and intel
lectual charms and lost his ring and
money.
PERSONAL.
man's desiring to pay off a note and
the holder of the paper refusing to ac
cept the money is brought to light in
the suit filed yesterday by Albert W.
Levy against Pauline and Robert Gor
dan and Edward Calame. Levy bor
rowed $750 from Calame in 1901 and
as security assigned his interest in the
estate of his father, Henry, Levy. The
amount of principal and' Interest la
now $982 50. which Levy wants to pay.
but Calame has transferred the note to
the Gordans, who refuse to surrender It.
There may be something back of the
matter, as Mrs. Gordan was the sec
ond wife of Henry Levy and contested
his will because she waa not left
enough of the estate. Levy asks the
court to compel acceptance of the
money and to declare the assignment
of his Interest void.
Anna C. Ford, who says that her
countenance is spoiled by a large scar
across her nose, resulting from a pe
culiar accident, yesterday brought suit
for $5350 damages for the injury
against F. C. C. Scherling of the West
Coast Wire and Iron Works. On Feb
ruary 19 last the plaintiff was working
for Aaron Kahn. a tailor, at 142 Geary
street. Over the workroom was a sky
light and on that day a man was en
gaged in covering it with a wire net
ting. He stepped upon the skylight
and dislodged a pane of glass. One of
the pieces fell upon Miss Ford's nose,
nearly severing the member, and an
other injured her shoulder.
Spoiled Xose Causes Salt.
John- E. Quinn returned from Aus
tralia on the steamship Sonoma and
is at the Berkshire.
Henry P. Stabler, a fruit grower of
Yuba City, is In the city for a few days
and staying at the Lick. •_*¦_
Dr. Rudolf and Frederick Michel of
Frankfort. Germany, are among the
latest arrivals at the Occidental.
Captain John Cross of Los Angeles,
who Is building 'an electric road up
through the Napa Valley, is registered
at the Palace.
Monroe Ross, the newly appointed
manager of the Hotel Coronado, and
William Clayton, vice president of the
company that controls the hotel, are
a! the Palace.
Len D. Owens of Etna Springs is at
the Palace.
Dr. C. L. McCracken of Pescadero is
at the Grand.
J. S. Goodwin, a mining man of You
Bet, is at the Lick.
E. E. Bush, an oil man of Hanford,
is staying at the Lick. •
Truxtun Beale and wife are regis
tered at the St. Francis.
R. S. Knapp, a lumberman of
Yreka, is at the Palace.
J. C. Bannister, a manufacturer of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
E. H. Sherwood, a fruit contractor
of Santa Clara, is staying at the Grand.
F. B. Rickey, a well-known mining
man of Carson City, is at the Palace.
James Hamil, who is interested in
mining In Alaska, arrived yesterday at
the Lick.
Cannot Pay Ills Xot<\
The unusual circumstance ot a
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 21.— Judgs Win*r o«
the Superior Court I to-day denied th« motion
made by counsel for E. S. Ellla. deputy Street
Superintendent, to set aside the indlctmenta
found by the Grand Jury charxinjr him with
accepting bribes on street work and set th«
case fo r trial December 13.
With a deep holt in his forehead and
a pistol clutched firmly in hi? right
hsnd the body of Charles N. Cooper,
a Stanford student, was found near
;he prayer book cross in Golden Gate
1'ark early yesterday morning.' The
fnsition of the body and the nature
of the wound showed that it was a
case of suicide.
Not a scrap of writing that would
give any hint as to why the student
was wpary of existence was found on
the body. In a. pocket was a wallet
containing letters of Introduction to
several people in this city and a check
book on an Aurora, 111-, bank showing
that Cooper still had on deposit $104.
CharJps Cooper was scarcely past
twenty years of age, a capable and
industrious student. He left his home
in Aurora, 111., last August and ma
triculated at the Stanford University.
He joined the ranks of the determined
young seekers after knowledge who
support themselves as they study.
This task was easy for Cooper, for he
was a competent stenographer. Men
oi his profession were much in demand
tround the university.
M. Woods, a former student of the
university and a resident of Palo Alto,
knew the young student In Illinois. He
called at the Morgue yesterday when
he heard of the tragedy. Woods said
that he could think of no motive for
the deed.
"Early in the spring," said Woods,
"Cooper wrote to me asking what the
chances were for a young fellow to
work his way through Stanford. I told
him that they were good, so he came
out and registered. He visited my peo
ple and myself frequently at Palo
Alt<V and seemed an earnest student
and a pleasant young fellow."
Mr. Woods further said:
His habits, co far as I know, were grood.
In fact. I think h«- was too close a student
and too hard n worker if anything. I know
Of n-> love affair, either in the East or here.
Still h* was not an unsociable boy. On the
crntrRry, he liked the mvletjr of young people.
11* v.a* not morbid. Ho seemed perfectly nor
mal ar.<3 was always LlWCifuL I can think of
nn reason for his suicide unless it was tem-
I-orary Insanity rauyed by overstudy and over
work. H>? was not la financial straits. I told
him that If he wjls ever temporarily embar
rassed to ccme to me.
Cooper left Palo Alto Saturday
morning. On Saturday evening he at
tended the Majestic Theater. On Sun
day night he went to the Chutes and
afterward walked into the park. Near
the prayer-book cross he halted, and,
pressing a revolver tightly against his
temple, pulled the trigger. So firm
was his clutch upon the weapon that
Coroner's Deputy Brown had some dif
ficulty in removing it from the stiffened
hand-
Cooper had letters of introduction to
the following people: Richard S. Al
len, 211 Drumm street; Miss Ethel Al
len, T. M. Galvin cf the Eby Machinery
Company and Mrs. Bettie Adams of
Berkeley, He had presented none of
the letters. Woods says the father of
young Cooper Is a train dispatcher at
Aurora. 111., though a card in the dead
boy's pocket reads: "Cooper & Son, In
surance Agents." Indicating that father
and son had been in that business to
gether. One of the most pathetic arti
cles in the boy's possession was a check
showing that he was one of the Joyful
Stanford rooters at the football game.
STANFORD CXIYERSTTT PTl'DEXT WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE IN GOLDEN
OATK PARK 'IIS ROPY PEIXG FOUND EARLY YEJ-TKRDAY MORNING
NEAIt THE PRAYEK-BOOK CROSS. WITH A BULLET IN THE BRAIN.
nlshed the $150 cash bail demanded by
the court.
Scott recently came here from the
East, and apparently is well able to
keep his family beyond neces'sitY of
seeking charity from strangers.
It was at a political meeting in an
Afro-American church that Herbert
Erskine and Charles Carter first
clashed.
"Ah wuz tickled by some ob de funny
sayin's ob Judge Kerrigan and de
Hon'ble Julius Kahn," Mr. Ersklne ex
plained to Judge Cabaniss, "an' wuz
laughln' In an o'dehlv mannah w'en
Mistah Cahtah kern up an' sed Ah
wuz too b'isterous. W'en he went away
anudder funny crack wuz sprung by
Mistah Kahn, an' Ah laughed ag'in, an*
de nex' t'ing Ah knowed llistah Cah
tah wuz er takin' de law Inter his own
han's an' er tryin' ter wipe de flo' wif
me. Den I busted his jaw, Jedge— Ah
> t deny Ah busted his Jaw."
' Case dismissed and Mr. Carter ju
dicially chided for taking the law into
his own hands.
• ¦ * • •
Miss Grace Dillon, a very pretty gir:
wearing a dainty cowboy hat, insisted
that she never gave Robert Fisher, red
haired and spectacled, encouragement
sufficient to warrant the attentions
which he persistently thrust upon her.
It was his wont, she averred, to visii
291 Page street, where she resided with
her mother, and to ignore the snubs re
peatedly administered to him by the
landlady as per instruction from the
complainant. She did not desire
that he be sent to Jail If he could be
induced bv less drastic means to cease
pestering her life out. Once upon a
time she had been on speaking terms
with him, but at no time indlc&ted that
his tender attachment would be recip
rocated.
Mr. Fisher, In response to Judge Mo
gan's query as to why he did It, de
clared that his onlv object In visiting
291 Page street was to obtain one tooth
brush, his personal property, which he
had left there when Miss Dillon regard
ed him more kindly. He was a clerk,
but sickness incapacitated him for la
bor, and he was certain that It was not
love-sickness.
"Humph." said Miss Dillon, "if a
tooth brush will keep him away I'll
see that he pets one."
On that basis the case was dismissed.
George Wilson, against whom three
charges of stealing diamonds are en
tered, must answer to two of them in
the Superior Court, with bail fixed at
5 4 000. The other accusation will be
heard next Monday by Judge Conlan.
Nicolas Aspica, who stabbed Bessie
Stone on October 12 and then jumped
the bail of J1000 on which he was
held to answer before Judge Mogan,
was pursued all over the coast coun
ties by his bondsman, G. Smaro, of 424
Broadway, who finally captured him
last Sunday in this city and returned
him to custody. Mr. Smaro retired
from the bond yesterday • and Mr.
Aspica Is held for hearing to-day. The
woman In the case was cut In the
neck, but not seriously, and is now in
the hospital under treatment for an
other ailment.
Sergeant Ellis and his Chinatown
squad arrested Frank Garlllo last Sun
day at Washington and Dupont streets
and booked him for disturbing the
peace and before Judge Mogan the
defendant turned out to be a deaf
mute. Asked how a deaf and dumb
man could disturb the peace, the
prosecuting policeman said that Mr.
Garillo was "swinging his arms." His
Honor has given himself till to-day to
think it over.
For selling 10-cent lottery tickets at
115 Kearny street A. Becker was
fir.ed $100 by Judge Mogan.
James Lee. charged with vagrancy,
told Judge Mogan that he would like
to return to the vessel on which he
Is rated A. B., and when asked where
the craft lay he replied that she was
moored to the Stevenson-street wharf.
As that street has no outlet on the
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
i
After solemnly pronouncing the pre
scribed formula of marriage," with Wil
liam T. Canham, bachelor, and May
Agnes Tibballs, spinster, as the con
tracting parties, Police Judge Cabaniss
was cast Into embarrassment by the
discovery that the surname of the male
principal on the wedding license was
incorrectly spelled, the clerk having
written "n" instead of "m" as the ter
minal letter. The young woman's at
torney proposed that his Honor attach
an extra tail to the "n" and then re
peat the ceremony, but the young
man's attorney questioned the legality
of such a proceeding, and the young
man himself said that he was already
in enough trouble without having it
augmented by his arrest fc-r bigamy
or something of that sort. So the Judge
and the two lawyers exhaustively dis
cussed the question of whether the
union just effected would be legally
cohesive if either party to It should
desire to break away without enlisting
the aid of the divc-rce court, the two
limbs of the law agreeing that the
statutes did not authorize more than
one marriage of one couple in one day,
also that if the ceremony already per
formed were allowed to stand the wife
must in law and fact be addressed as
Mrs. Canhan instead of by her hus
band's name c-f Canham; likewise, that
a cloud would forever rest upon a mar
riage by which the woman was not
presented with the man's proper cog
nomen. The longer the argument pro
gressed the deeper the muddle became,
until the Judge happily found a way
out by having the groom sign a pledge,
written on the back of the license, that
he would regard himself as the wo
man's husband irrespective of the opin
ion of either law or laity.
In no other respect was the wedding
eventful. The bride, a tall and hand
some young person, attired in brown
broadcloth and hat, was supported by
her mother, and the groom's shirt was
collarless. The happy couple did not
even glance at each other from the
time they entered the Judge's chambers
until they departed. He is a special
police ofticer and was arrested and
charged with betraying the girl under
promise of marriage. She continues
to dwell with her month-old babe at
the residence of her maternal relative,
379 Eleventh street. During the cere
mony he smoked a brown paper cigar
ette, but considerately adopted the
Judge's suggestion that he remove It
while speaking the responses, as it in
terfered with his articulation. When
asked if he took the woman to be his
lawfully wedded wife he said he was
under arrest and forced to do so,
whereupon his mother-in-law-elect fix
upon his countenance a dark and pierc
ing eye and kept it riveted there until
he was made a benedict. Then the
bride and her mother bowed to their
lawyer and retired, and a few mo
ments later the grown and his lawyer
departed.
The hearing of the betrayal charge is
set for to-morrow, but yesterday's pro
ceedings undoubtedly quashed the com
plaint.
Suspecting that his wife, from whom
he lived apart, was trifling with her
altar vows, L.. H. Guion armed himself
with a revolver of wide bore last Sun
day evening and mounted the roof of
the house on Adelaide place in which
she resided. A skylight gave him a
blrdseye view of her bedroom, and
while peering Into the dark interior he
I overbalanced and crashed through the
I glass to the floor beneath, his weapon
exploding as he fell. There were femi
nine screams and a scuttling sound, fol
lowed by a hurried opening, shutting
and locking- of the chamber door. Mr.
Guion, damaged hardly at all by his
drop, scrambled to his feet and struck
a match— to find his wife sitting up in
I bed and very much frightened. A mo
ment later Patrolman Lycett, whose at-
I tentlon had. been attracted by the pistol
shot, the breaking glass and the wom
an's screeches, put in an appearance
and arrested Guion for discharging fire
arms within the city limits. Among the
trophies carried away by the prisoner
was a complete set of masculine outer
garments with the exception of a hat
and one shoe. As the clothing was
much too spacious for the defendant
Judge Fritz dismissed the case and
suggested divorce as a substitute for
roof-climbing \ and pistol-carrying— a
suggestion which was received with evi
dent favor.
• • •
When the case of W. A. Prole, ac
cused of assaulting 14-year-old Lorella.
Campbell, was called for hearing be
fore Judge Mogan neither the girl nor
her mother appeared, and Detective
Bailey reported that they had suddenly
I deserted their apartments at 119 Jones
street and left no trace of their destina
i tion. The girl had been employed as a
j clerk in a Market street dry goods
j store, but had not reported there since
last Friday. So a continuance till to
morrow was ordered.
William J. Cameron, who fought and
bled in the South African war, neglect
ed to stop and ascertain how severely
Mrs. Annie Connell was injured after
she had been knocked down, by the
team j he was driving at Guerrero and
Fifteenth streets, and Police Sergeant
Shay, who witnessed the occurrence
from a street car, pursued Cameron
three blocks ere he captured him.- For
tunately for Cameron, the woman, who
dwells at 902 Oak street, was not badly
hurt and seemed disinclined to prose
cute him. Judge Cabaniss, however, in
'• dismissing the case expressed wonder
j that a man who had fearlessly faced
bullets should retreat before the brass
buttons of a policeman.
¦. • • •
Francis P. Tully Informed Judge. Con-
Ian that while Alameda is a delightful
place of residence It Is not much of a
I town to get drunk In, and that was
j why he always came across the bay to
I acquire inebriety. The Judge said' he
i 'will sentence Tully as soon as he has
[ decided whether San Francisco should
[ feel complimented or slurred by his
plea.
• . • • ' - .
I Louis R. Scott, who keeps a lodging
house at 524% Turk street, was pro
nounced personified meanness by Miss
j Garrlty, probation officer, - and other
' witnesses who testified against him in
i Judge Mogan's court, where he was
I charged with falling to provide for his
i family. Miss Garrity stated that the
| man's wife Is in the City and County
(Hospital, while his two chldren are
• cared for in other eleemosynary institu
tions, and that when she asked him to
contribute something to their ' support
he said he could not, afford to devote
' any more than $1 to ' that purpose.
When the case was continued till to
; morrow, however, he " promptly ' fur-
Knot Is Tied Ere Blunder
Is Found by Police Judge
CLERK MISSPELLS NAME OF GROOM
WEDDING PERMIT
SHOWS ERROR.
THE SAN FRAXClSCOCALli; TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, ,1904:
Career of Charles N. Cooper Is
Ended by Pistol Bullet.
Stanford Boy Found Dead in Park
STUDENT COMMITS SUICIDE
7
ADYKRTISKMENTS.
"Mary/* said the Mis-
tress, "In future always
order Golden Gate
Coffee."
Ko(Un« torn with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bet satisfaction. No
prisea — no coiponi — ao crockery.
1 and 2 tlu iroaa.iiiit tins.
Nerer soM ia bnllu
J. A. Folger (Si Co.
I£*ta.blisKe<l tkmlt m. Century
San Francisco
J MEKCHATfT TAILORS,
} axncovxo to
I 112 Sutler biLrest*.
SAS Z*SA.ZrCZSCO.
j Novelties ia Imsortxjd Wear.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GitKAT RESXUiiATIVE. IXVIGOIL*.-
•tor and Ntr\lD«.
The most »ondrrfnl »phro<!l«:ac ansl SpertaU
Tcnic for tie Sexu«l Or^n.. ror bcth .cxeiT
The M^Tiria H«tn«Jy tor Dlseaao. cf tth>
S.i&i.'T* and Dljtfrter. S<-r,. on It. own rne.-lw
Wemaa
Fi'*®V"^Bi? mT i- Whirli "9 J»p«r
Si^^v'C-^-wiw ttonarut JSur:,nn. Hm-%if.
X- >-^-V?>cpy l ,...^»t-Mogt ConreniMit.
i«k yiwr «rvr*l»t tar ft. V, ( ntf
M1BVKL. *enept no >/>*% * •¦''„ &j^^
otarr. \nJ. cud iuni|i (or %» rZZ'ATT"
!tln«r»t«HwK.k-—n-4. Itsi-re* \- I ¦''¦//A /
Sell parucn)»r«suui<tir«"<t!on* In- tv> / a
Ta.lnabletx>)mi!«« MinVtXCO,^/,. IS
41 Park ISott, Set* York. '**<i.^jjr
1C2 New Montecmcrr. £aa Francisco. CaJ
WlUlia HatUroUi (Xjulltt 1 Dept), 224 Sutter
Union Drug Co.. 40U Eutter aad 100 Stockton.
Oacoo4 Ifrothers. ..7th &ad Broadway. OakUnd
£aid«r}a Pharmacy lis esiu
ADVmmSEMEXTS.
1 z — I Positively cared by
PADTTDO these JLittle Pills.
|//\|\| ui\V They also rellere Dts-
mag tress tTOZa Dyspepsia, In-
1**3 JTTILE disestlon and Too Hearty
gj R \B r PJ Eating.- A perfect rem-
gi I Vbn edy for Dizziness, Nausea,
¥i PILLS Drowsiness. Bad Taste
§1 m In the Monti, Coated
p^55Sjggjl[ ToagTie. Pain In tlie Sldo,
B * jMsaa *^ M l>pr>pprr> LIVER. They
regulate tie Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SHALL DOSE, SMALL PRICE,
f»AOTCb'gl CURE SICK MEADAW1U.
UAKIlKo «...
83rrn.E Genuine Must Bear
gIVER Fas-Simile Signature
JSPIU.S. -r^*" _>
DO AX'S PIL.LS.
DON'T OYMMllS"
.
A Carei Perusal Will Proye Its Value
to Eyery San Francisco Reafler.
The average man is a doubter, and
there is little wonder that this is so.
; Misrepresentations make people skep- |
tics. Nowadays the public ask for
better evidence than. the testimony of
strangers. Here is proof which
should convince every San Francisco
reader: «
George Merrill, starter at the Sut-
ter-strect Railway Company's barn,
residence 2630 Sutter st., says: "To
say I greatly value Doan's Kidney
Pills mildly expresses my opinion of ,
them. It is six months since I took I
a course of the treatment and it did
exactly what I wanted and did it very
quickly. It stopped backache from |
which I had suffered far too lone to
be pleasant. My advice to any one 1
suffering from backache or who, are !
subject to kidney complaint is to' use'
Doan's Kidrfev Pills according to di-
rections.- The long looked for re- \
suits will undoubtedly follow."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50
cents. Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo.
N. Y.. sole agents for the United
States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
SORE AND BLEEDING GUMS
Soft and spongy gums are made healthy
by the mildly alkaline and astringent prop-
erties of SOZODONT.— I\ Is the mosj
fragrant deodorizer and antiseptic dentifrioe
known to the world.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
the complement of SOZODONT Liquid, has
abrasive properties, yet is absolutely free
from grit and acid. It will not tarnish gold
fillings or scratch the enamel.
a FORMS : LIQUID, POWDER, PASTS.
-. ADVERTISEMENTS. '
I Great* Thanksgiving Sale J. J. GILDEA CO. Fine Wearing Apparel |
I Don't Miss Our Great j|||| g
I nrtumL rlilr /&• 1
iTHfilWIUIIUP jsimkQl? I
I 1 nnNIVObl Vllvb j|||glj||J^ 1
I MEN'S AND BOYS' S ;? *!^P^^BSfS ! 1 I
| FINE CLOTHING | 1 ' 'j I
S To fittingly show our appreciation of the ¦; ir^^^.- :^9K^^^^% :^i^ *"*
% great patronage showered upon us since the '•' *
g first day of the opening of our Palatial New . :^^^^^^l a
$ Store, we shall unharness the Greatest Values 1 §
£ in High-Class Clothing ever given at the IS^^S^^^^'^S?^^ - §
§ floodtide of the husy season. Come to- ' : &Sp^— <i^^S'T-^?^^a ' o
g day, if possible— if not, call any time be- !^^^S0M^0^^^^ §
« tween how and our closing hour of 10 o'clock 1 '^^^^^^^^^- «
« to-morrow (Wednesday) night, and secure t^^^^iBi^'^^^^^^^^^^it ' S-
V the mighty values that are now obtainable 10^^^-yM^?^^^^^^ Q
g within every department of the Big Store. tYJ^^^^^ii ]^^^^^0 : '^^\ S
$ CLOSED ALL DAY THANKSGIVING. l^^^MM'^Mi^^^Mf^ I
I : • -^mm^M^m0i ¦¦ |
| Herelsa-^otn^ #^W^^^B • j
| Corker! 0 ;^L^ I
g ments that you can't touch down on '.^i//^^^^^ 7^?!^:^^^^^^^' iO:
0 the Korny-street high priced "Midway" v * "'* ""C^-V ¦>v£§liP^' * 5
S for less than will go to-day and >^»«-^I*^^^ §I> **' §1
§ to-morrow at our special fl* | r\ {\f\ : 'n!r o
| Thanksgiving Sale Price of M> I v.UU |
| Men's Swell Winter Men's High-Class |
I Suits and Overcoats Suits and Overcoats §
| Such garments Kcarny-slrcct "100 Per Made up in a princely manner from fine g
| Centers" call Bargains for $18.00, but imported and domestic fabrics. All §
t 2 a S We d K-. nOt C r r .!- ab0Ut , pay l n l for gems of swell tailoring, and garments §
g Au omobiles or fitting up lavish dress- f. . , fi _. p w wh ™ tmf w g
s making establishments, our price for U fl ™ elsewhere under g
| these richly tailored garments will 520.00 to $22.00, go on Special Sale |
| only be just... <£ 1 2 *>O To-day and Wednes- i e aa |
I Thanksgiving Specials Young Men's I
I in Boys' Clothing College Suits 1
!g Boys' Two-Piece Double Breasted Suits— A « es 14 to 20 Years w
g iWade up in a most stylish and durable !Vbde of splendid wearing cheviots; cut §
g manner from serviceable fabrics, and and built in a swagger manner. Pants j|
§ well worth $4.00; go on sale to-day in regulation and peg top styles, and 8
g and to-morrow at €O A *v good $10.00 values now {£^1 *CtfV§
|s «J>46r.OJ onsaleat |
S 1 I fill foFA rO 1028-1030 Market Street, |
1 •*• •* • XMl^l^A^ZI Bet# p OW en fl nd Mason Streets |
:^^?'_ ¦¦ _; ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
• ¦ * • ¦ . ' " ' '*J'iK'! *'%ftitt3 ECQ3S
'JIa Ihe Pianola 1
6&§y?!« —^•jT^Zffi e are seeing the saai; pric: othsr piano
/-<^^L^Jj players are sold for, but ths Metroityle is an !
/m&§3M$S (^ \ "elusive featurro! the Pianola -no other j
WWm "1 Koh!er& Chase
' ft Established 1850-
('V'CJr^jfJ * \ (The Largest Masic House on the Coast)
¦* y\ Gnly Agents San Francisco and vicinity.CAN TRUE LOVE DIE?
The Great Tragedian — Years ago I
was a stage hand.
The Comedian — I heard that In
your early life you began to shift for
yourself. /
CRUSHED AGAIN.
epecial Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street, Telephone Main 1041, *
[ 'Wo 'give special attention to prevailing
forms and engrave, visiting cards, wed
ding invitations and announcements cor
rectly and reasonably. . Monograms,
crests and address dies made to . order.
San born, .Vail & Co., .741 Market street. *
Wedding Invitations.
Americans are becoming of one mind
on political questions, it appears. If
the Republicans continue winning over
Democratic voters as they did in this
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at.*
A proper spirit of resignation vapids
much annoyance the day after election.
If you are wise, just accept success or
defeat with verv little demonstration.
Don't crow over the defeated candi
date nor get mad because you didn't
win. There are other elections coming.
— Des Moines News.
An English farmer has been fined for
tying firecrackers to pigeons. He ex
plained to the court' that letting off
pigeons with live crackers attached to
their legs was a common 'way of train
ing them for shooting purposes.
Democrats will accept the result with
entire complacency and perhaps 1 nerve
themselves for the next contest. Four
years hence they may be in a better
position. Certainly they will if the ad
ministration to be does not prove satis
factory to the American people.' If the
Roosevelt administration should be all
that the best interests of the country
could demand, then there will not be
much reason to regret the result of the
election. It is better for Democrats to
accept the result philosophically^and
allow the Republicans all the enjoy
ment of all the glory they can extract
from it. — San Antonio ExDress.
-First Politician — Did you put that
scheme of yours through?
Second Politician — Didnt need to. •
First Politician— Why so?
Second Politician — It f ell^through.
A POIilTJCAIi JOKE.
election by 1912 every elector in the
United States will be a Republican.—
Portland Telegram.
Of course it is only the expected
that has happened- It was realized
that there must be a landslide if
Judge Parker was to be elected, and
for such a political phenomenon con
ditions were not ripe. It seems. —^Ar
kansas Gazette.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Editor The Call— I notice in your is
sue of the 16th the account of. Governor
Pardee's speech at the Irrigation Con
gress at El Paso, wherein the Governor
Is quoted as saying "Fresno County Is
the largest raisin center in the United
States, sending out in 1903 over 600
carloads of raisins and over 1000 car
loads of fruits of all kinds."
It is to be regretted that there is an
error in some way connected with this
quotation, and I am Inclined to believe
that the same Is due to a mistake in
telegraphlo communication. Governor
Pardee is thoroughly conversant with
the resources of this State, and I have
no Idea that he made any such state
ment at the Irrigation Congress. There
Is no doubt in anybody's mind % that the
first clause— to the effect that Fresno
County is the largest shipping raisin
center In the United States — Is true,
since this county produces at least 75
per cent ot all the raisins produced In
the State of California, and California
produces the bulk of the raisins grown
in the 'United States.
Our raisin exnort for 1903 was be
tween 5000 and 6000 cars, instead of 600,
as given In this -account. These raisins
were shipped to all parts of the world,
and I will add that the production of
1904 had it not been for early rains
would have been Just aa large. Seventy
million pounds In round numbers is a
conservative estimate for the produc
tion of raisins for this county annu
ally.
This year some unpleasant conditions
obtained with relation to prices, but
this is not due, as many contend, to
overproduction, but to the mere fact
that these goods are not widely adver
tised. Were we California^ to use the
same diligence as the breakfast food
companies practice there is little doubt
that there would be a greater, demand
for more raisins in the rai3in belt and
prunes in the prune district than these
districts could supply if they raised ten
times their present production.
I would thank you to correct the
statement with reference to Governor
Pardee's speech if you see fit to do so,
and knowing your interest in the wel
fare of this glorious State I feel as
sured that you will lend every assist
ance to further her advancement.
A. FRANK N'EATE,
Secretary Fresno Chamber of Com
merce.
Fresno, Nan 13.
Potato Strstwa.— Pare and slice cold
potatoes and let stand in cold water
for an hour. Cut in slices, then in
strips and fry in hot, deep, fat.' Season
with salt . and serve as a border to
broiled chops.
Rice Muffins. — Beat the yolk of one
egg. add one cup of coM boiled rice
and one cup of milk. Beat and add
one and one-half cups of flour sifted
with two level teaspoons of baking
"powder and the white of the egg beat
en dry. Pill buttered gem pans two
thirds full Vnd bake in a quick 'oven.
Ginger Cakes. — Cream one-half cup
of butter; add one cup of sugar and
beat again. Add two well beaten eggs
and ono-quarter level teaspoonful of
soda, dissolved in a teaspoon of water,
In one-half cup of sour milk. Mix
with one level teaspoon of gringrer sift
ed with one and one-half cups of
flour. Bake In well buttered pattypans.
Raised Cakes. — Cream one-half cup
of butter and one cup of sugar and
work Into two cups of raised bread
dough. Add three well beaten egrga,
one-half nutmeg grated, one level tea
spoon of cinnamon, one teasDoon of
allspice, , one' and one-half cups of
seeded raisins chopped and two table
spoons of apple Jelly. When well
mixed turn Into a buttered pan, let
rise light and bake slowly. .
Raisin Cookies.— Cream two-thirds
cup of butter, add one and one-half
cups of sugar, one well beaten egg,
one-half cup of milk, four cups of
flour sifted with four, level teaspoons
of bakingr powder, one cup of chopped
seeded raisins, a pinch of salt and' a
teaspoon of mixed spices. Drop from
a teaspoon on a* buttered pan and
bake. •
HOME COOKERY
The purpose of the free market is to bring the producer and the
buyer face to face, and make of every consignment a cash transac
tion. When the market is free to all sellers and to all buyers the
natural price as fixed by supply and demand will prevail and the
producers will only have themselves to blame if they do not go home
every day with the cash price of their produce in their pockets./
It is the expectation of the State Board of Trade that when this
system is made permanent by being permanently installed on the
new seawall the vending of country produce to the city consumer
will become here what it is in'every large city of the country, where
such a free market is taken as a matter of 'course, because it has
been so long in existence. It will secure stability of supply and of
prices. It will prevent artificial scarcity, which frequently occurs
after the producer has parted with his property, causing a rise in
price which gives him no benefit. It will also, by stability of sup
ply, increase consumption, and when the erratic fluctuation in prices
is prevented it will be the means of yielding the producer a better
average return on his season's crops than he can hope for now. It
will also place the consumer in reach of what he desires every day
and not compel him to do without part of the time because of high
price or disappearance of supply.
The Board of Trade has entered into negotiations with the Har
bor Commission to secure reservation of the space required, and
seems to have reached, by its action, a solution of the matter that
will be very satisfactory to the producers of the State, who in voting
for the seawall prove to have been voting to themselves a prize
that has heretofore seemed to be beyond their reach.
AT its last session the State Board of Trade prepared a free
market campaign by proposing that when the seawall exten
sion is made proper space be reserved therein for such a mar
ket. The present water front space is so crowded that the free
market cannot be made as effective as the Legislature intended and
the producers of the State desire. The seawall extension will make
a very large addition to the space available, anl the State Board of
Trade shows its alert attention to the needs of the State by the
timely action it has taken.
THE FREE MARKET.
"true" that the question arises, can
true love die?
It would be hard to find a lover who
would be willing to . concede that tha
love which actuated him might possibly
bo not true love at all. but a cheaper
substitute. A lover's emotion seems a
very real thing to its possessor. At tha
time It appears to him to ba all thera
is of hope and happiness — even of Ufa
Itself. But one day, maybe, ha wakes
to find that for some reason, either
tangible or unintelligible, his love has
burned' out. Then, becoming cynical,
ha begins to doubt tha trustworthiness
of tha universal passion.
Suddenly one* more It holds him
spellbound, and. surprised, gratified, ha
swears allegiance to constancy aq
earnestly as before. But after *****
second passion has ended. Ilka tha
earlier one, ha becomes philosophical,
ready to believe In that part of Tolstoi's
creed, which claims, "Th«re L» no lova
In tha future: lova is only an activity
In the present-" Now ha Is ready to
answer with, an afflrxnattra tha ques
tion, can true lova dleT
Yet the fact remains that we do see
now and then Instances of a love which
lives as long as the one whom It In
spires. Such a love Is best exemplified
in married life. Tha secret heart of
single blessedness Is closely hidden
from either curious or sympathetic
eyes. It Is no argument tor constancy
that a man or woman does not marry
because of disappointment In love; tht?
may mean true love, or it may be due
to complete disillusionment. What Jean
Paul Rlchter said Is generally applic
able: "Lova without marriage Is Ilka
a bird of passage who seats himself
upon a mast which Itself moves along."
There -really does exist, I fully be
lieve, "a love large as life, deep and
changeless aa death." We do not see
It often because of the prevalence of
human frailty. Such a love must be
able to ba faithful to Its high Ideals
until the and. It Is rare indeed, but it
Is possible.
FRESNO COUNTY'S BIG RAISIN PRODUCTION.
phrase mean, anyway? Is It
a catch-word, caught up out of the
dream of a poet who lived when the
world was young, and repeated ever
afterward for the sake of effect? Or
is it an entity, one of life's great won
ders?
"What love is wo do not know;
whence it comes, or whither it goes we
know not," the wise men say. The
problem has puzzled philosopher* and
moralists for ages. 7}n the one hand
the poets, and on the other the scien
tists, have taxed their ingenuity to dis
cover and define its essence.
Doctors have pronounced it a mal
ady of the mind, which, like other
forms of mental disease, impairs the
body's health. A couple of years ago
a Chicago physician jtried to explain
it by using medical Jargon of the day
and calling it "a microbe."
Yet, after all is Bald upon the sub
ject which man is capable of paying,
where have we arrived? We stand
where stood others, wiser than we to
begin with, who declared: "What love
is we do not know; whence it comes or
whither it sroes we know not."
But one truth at least Is yours and
mine to grasp— 'tis only those that do
not love who ask what love is; the rest
simply love and are satisfied.
Paradoxical as It seems, it is easier
to form an opinion of what true lova
is than it Is to comprehend the char
acter of love itself. The quality of
truth which la Involved gives one a
foothold; at once we have reality to
deal with.
To most of us, however, there is more
than mere reality Implied. The phrase
"true love" carries with it an Idea of
permanency, in the lense of an un
alterable devotion toward a single ob
ject, and it is out of this confusion in
regard to the significance of the word
DOES true love ever die? This
question ha* Just been pro
pounded to me by a reader of
these columns.
True love — what does the
By DOROTHY FENIMORE
SMILES
one link In common. His parents knew
him as James Carruthers. His clients
and professional friends called him Jim
the Counselor. Miss Langham knew
him as her oldest — and, he hoped, her
best— friend. Elizabeth Langham knew
him as her employer.
Elizabeth Langham often wondered
that Jim had selected her from two
dozen applicants for the position of
stenographer in his legal establish
ment. A callow graduate from a busi
ness college, she had hardly hoped to
gain acceptance over a score of ex
perienced typists. The true reason —
her name — she /*hever guessed. Still
Jim had no reason to regret his choice.
Miss Elizabeth was neat, pretty and
bright. Jim dictated to her daily and
she transcribed without an error.
Not so Miss Langham, the focus of
fifty bachelor aspirations* Jim tried
dictation there only once/
"Mr. Caruthers," said Miss Lang
ham coldly, "you are taking a mean
advantage of our friendship. You
have no right to criticize my other
friends. I am proud-to number Judge
Newton among my friends."
"But he's fifty if he's a day," Jim
persisted.
"So shall you be, Mr. Carruthers —
some day. Good night."
There were tears after Jim had taken
his departure, but that Jim did not
know. He did know, however, that
Miss Langham had dismissed him and
he sorrowed accordingly.
"It's that fellow, Colonel Newton,"
he mused. "Since they've elected him
a Judge Elizabeth has been Indifferent
to me. Mrs. Judge Newton evidently
sounds better to her young ears than
plain Mrs. Jimmy Carruthers." So he
floundered homeward in the slush of a
winter evening and nursed his first
great sorrow.
Sorrow maketh a sympathizer. Jim
my, blue and hopeless, became human
itarian in a week. One morning when
his stenographer. Miss Elizabeth,
showed him a court summons which
had been served upon her, demanding
that she pay the sum of $250 forthwith
or suffer the entry of a judgment for
that amount, Jimmy simply radiated
consolation. "Who is this Mme. Nellie
who is suing you?"
"I never heard of her," was the re
sponse.
Jim scanned the papers closely. "Ma
dame Nellie," he said after he had fin
ished, "seems to be the trade name of
a being whose Christian apellation is
Michael O'Malley. He says you or
dered one blue dress of the value of
$250. He swears that you have re
fused to accept it and he sues accord
ingly."
"There must be some mistake. I
never ordered a dress one- fourth as
expensive as that. Nor have I ever
laid eyes on Madame Nellie."
"Where do you live?" he inquired.
Her reply astonished him. "Num
ber — — Sixth avenue."
"Is that near Fifty-seventh street V
"It Is en the corner. The side street
is very fashionable. This summons
most be Intended for some wealthy
woman near by who doesn't pay her
bills."
When Jim saw that the papers were
signed in tha name of the Hon. Wil
liam Newton, Justice, his mind was
made up. He told his secretary to have
no fear. He was happy to show his
appreciation of her faithful and long
continued service.
He tried the case himself. His rival
eat on his bench and glared savagely
at him — at least that is "Jimmy's re
port of the judicial attitude.
As it happened, Madame Nellie was
not present in the courtroom, having
been detained elsewhere on jury duty.
In his place he sent two of his as
sistants. One of< them took the stand
at once — a florid faced lady she was,
who confessed amiably that she had
been a dressmaker for twenty-one
years and was approaching her thir
tieth birthday. "It's this way, Judge,
yer Honor," she testified glibly,
"Madame Nellie sent the dress and
she sent it back, saying it didn't fit.
I didn't have nothing to do with it,
but the lady in our house as did has
assured me that it fitted to perfection.
Madame Nellie says Miss' Langham
should be compelled to pay."
At this point Jim felt called upon to
explain matters. • "You see." he start
ed to say, "they've got the wrong— "
Judge Newton waved him aside. "The
issue in this case is* simple. Does the
gown fit? That is all. I would like to
ask Miss Langham a question or two.
Take the stand. Miss."
Miss* Langham did so.
"What is your name?"
"Elizabeth Langham."
"Where do you live?"
"No. -r- — Sixth avenue."
"You may retire to my private
chambers and don the dress. The
plaintiff's experts will, accompany
you."
Miss Langham commenced to .weep.
"I should call that an amazing
ly good fit," said Judge Xewton.
SILKS, and especially the broad
money-back weaves, are In es
pecial demand for the dressy
tailor-mades, and" this model
shows some novel and clever
features. The little coat shows
a collar and vest combined in scalloped
and embroidered cloth, the broad shoul
der emphasized with a sailor collar,
and the waist-line clearly defined by
the fitted ceinture. The skirt has the
bias French seam in front and the full
ness is managed with tiny side pleats
pressed flat over the' hips, rows of
stitching in weavy pattern holding
them in place. Above the hem is a
bouillonne band, and the hem itself is
faced with black velveteen and finished
with countless rows of the oscillating
stitch of the sewing machine. The
sleeve is patterned on the old-time leg
of-mutton design, but with the greater
fullness draped at the elbow. The cuff
repeats the pretty band of pleating
that edges the broad sailor collar, a
rope of covered cord being used with
excellent effect
UP to the beginning of our present navy by Secretary Whitney,
that arm of the service had been the weakest among the
first-class nations. In the first administration of President
Cleveland it was determined that our seacoast line, longer than
:hat of any other county, and the importance of our many seaports
and the wealth accumulated in them, made it necessary to have a
navy adequate to the defense of so much coast and of such important
interests. The work of building a navy began then and has gone
forward with but little interruption, until we have the third navy
in the world, with France next above us, and Great Britain at the
head. f
Since Whitney's day we have had many impressive lessons.
The war between japan and China was a demonstration of the need
and utility of sea power. When our Spanish war was looming above
the horizon there were grave doubts that we could cope with the
navy of our adversary. On paper it excelled us in many essential
features. Our whole Atlantic seacoast was in fear. It is not for
gotten that in Rosion, especially, there was distress that rose to a
panic, caused by the long time that elapsed between the sailing of
Spain's Allantic'rket and news of its position. In the event it proved
that we outclassed Spain, not in our naval tonnage and guns so
much as in the efficiency of our service, but prudent men then re
flected upon what might have happened if we had challenged a first
class sea power.
The present war between Japan arid Russia is a current com
ment upon the need of sea power- as the first element in the defense
of a maritime nation. The Japanese statesmen looked far ahead and
secured not only a navy but the training and skill needed to make
it effective. The result has been that her more bulky adversary has
lost in every encounter on the water, and has been driven to de
stroy or disarm her own ships to prevent their capture or destruc
tion by the alert Japanese.
The time has come to reinforce the skill of our navy officers and
men by ships in number, tonnage and armament equal to the best
owned by any other nation. This is not a war but a peace measure.
As we have often explained, the two nations whose combined navies
exceed the combined sea power of the rest of the world can com
mand the peace of the planet. It\is not beyond the grasp of the
advocates of national economy that it is cheaper to spend $100,000,
000 a year on a navy that compels peace than it is to spend $1,000,
000.000 a year in war, as we did in our civil struggle.
An educated Brahmin, one of the great thinkers of India, in
a public address in this city a few years ago, said that the Hindoos
had not cultivated the offensive and defensive arts because they
believed that making no preparations for war themselves no one
would make war upon them. This did impress Alexander, who-, with
his Greeks, penetrated to the Ganges and then concluded that a
country not considered by its people worth defending was not worth
taking. But it did not impress his successors, the Mongol conquer
ors and Lord Clive. So the Brahmin declared that the Indian policy
of non-resistance proved to be a mistake, f6r they have lived under
foreign masters for ages.
It may be accepted as a fact that until arbitration is firmly estab
lished and the strong nations accept its results against them and in
favor of weak nations the lion and the lamb will sleep together only
when the lamb is inside his bedfellow. Considering our advanced
place among the nations, there is probably no peace measure in
sight, no argument for it is as powerful, as an American navy that
can defend our coasts and in a defensive war defy the world. Our
naval programme has been deprecated in Government circles in
continental Europe, but we notice that our critics have not closed
any shipyards nor reduced their fleets.
If the policy of Secretary Morton is carried out, our long sea
ccast will be efficiently defended and our navy will command the
respect of the world. The situation is made plain by the fact that not
until two years hence will we be able to put into action twelve
battleships, eight armored cruisers, twenty-one protected cruisers,
sixteen torpedo-boat destroyers and thirty-five torpedo-boats, a total
of ninety-two ships of all classes. Take down the map and measure
our thousands of miles of seacoast and fancy the small number of
our fighting ships told off into squadrons and separated for its de
fense, and one must wonder that we have so long been inattentive
to the need of augmenting our sea power. We have been nearly
as sentimental as the Hindoos, and it is quite time io be more
practical.
THERE were two Elizabeth Lang
hams. For fifteen years they had
lived almost side by side and
neither of them had learned of
the other's existence. Three
hundred feet 'of metropolitan
space and several hundred thousand
: dollars separated them socially and
: completely. The elder Miss Langham
resided near the middle of the block in
a plutocratic white stone mansion. At
the corner of the same street in a mod
est flat house lived the other Elizabeth.
Though neither of them was aware
of the circumstance these two possessed
"Well, that depends," replied Jim,
"upon the motive." — (Copyright, 1904,
by S. T. Stern.)
™ ™"™™™ * ¦- ¦ » •
"If you please, Judge Newton," she
stammered.
"Do as I say," he responded testily.
"The court will Judge for itself."
Five minutes later Miss Langham
re-entered the courtroom clad in the
gown under dispute. Madame Nellie's
expert beamed with satisfaction as she
addressed the court. "You can see
for yourself, Judge, yer Honor. It fits
without a wrinkle."
"I should call that an amazingly
good fit," said Judge Newton, frown
ing, adding by the way of Judicial con
cession, "and mightily becoming. It
fits, doesn't it?"
"Y-e-s." said Miss Langham,
"but "
"That's all. Judgment for Madame
Nellie for the full amount."
Once more Jim rose from his chair.
"Won't you permit me to say a few
words?. There has been a mistake."
"There has not, Mr. Carruthers; un
less it be your own in endeavoring to
defend a case in which the evidence is
so palpably, in favor of the other side."
On the way back to the office Jim
consoled his client. He promised to
appeal the case to the highest court
in the country.
In his heart he knew that the case
of Madame Nellie vs. Miss Elizabeth
Langham would never be heard in
court again.
* • * • • •
When Miss Elizabeth Langham
emerged from her coupe at 6 o'clock
that evening she found her household
in an uproar. Mathilde, her maid, was
almost breathless. "If you please,
ma'am," she gasped, "there's a man in
,the parlor — a Sheriff or something,
and he's been holding the best peach
blow vase these two hours. I sent for
the police. The police says he can't
do nothing. He told the man to wait.
There he Is now, ma'am, sitting in the
best gilt chair, with the vase In his
hand, ma'am."
The Intruder advanced as Miss
Langham entered the parlor. Yes, he
was a deputy. There was a Judgment
against Elizabeth Langham in favor
of Madame Nellie. Didn't she remem
ber the dress she ordered from Mad
ame Nellie? *
"But I sent it back. It did not fit."
"Of course," said he suavely, "that
may have been the defense. A' Judg
ment is a judgment, however. Will
you pay up or shall I make a levy?"
he adding, casting longing glances at
the vase.
"This shall not. go unpunished. It
is an outrage," said Miss Langham
indignantly. "Wait until I ring up my
friend, Judge Newton."
"Your friend?" The deputy laughed.
"You will receive instructions from
him." '
"I hkve received 'em already. It was
Judge (Newton that entered the Judg
ment against you. Here are the pa
pers. This is his own writing.",
One glance satisfied Miss Langham.
She bade Mathilde bring her check
book. "I'll pay," she said. "In the
meantime vou may. release that vase.
It Is hardly a tea store souvenir."
• • • • * «
That same evening James Carruthers
sat in his den, ' reading Dante's
"Inferno." He had finished "The Sor
rows of Werther" the dav before. At
his elbow, still to be perused, lav "The
Joy of Living."
The telephone bell Jangled twice, but
he did not hear. At the third call he
rose from his chair. A moment later
the volume went speeding on its way
across the room.
, This is Jim's end of the conversation
that followed.
"Represent vou in the matter? Glad
ly. Paid it, you say? Tried to take—
oh, my! Newton? Beastly impudence!
Called to-nicht after all that hap
pened? You treated him rightly. Yes,
d-e-a-r-I-e. In ten minutes."
The next morning Jim informed his
stenographer gleefully that the Mad
ame Nellie matter was settled out of.
court, and that she might retain tha
dress as a silt. Later he called upon
the deputy sheriff.
"I am sorry, counselor," said the of
ficial, "that duty compelled me to go
against your client. Funny thing how
we collected it. I found the defendant
resided at No. Sixth avenue. I
saw it in the court record; she said so.
Those are flats and, says I. that judg
ment ain't no good. Afterward some
one rings this office up and tells me
the defendant didn't live there at all.
Says she was a swell and lived around
the corner on Fifty-seventh street. He
was right, too. She paid up like a
lamb. I wonder who it was that tipped
us off? We got the money all right.
But, say, a guy that'll give away a
lady like that is as mean as dirt. Eh,
Jim?"
By S. T. STERN
The first affair in honor of Miss
Marie Wells' engagement to Selby
Hanna will be given by Mrs. Pedar
Bruguiere on next Tuesday.
The event, a dinner, is to be marked
by new features — Importations from
Newport, where Mrs. Bruguiere has
Mrs- Edgar F. Preston will be hostess
at a large bridge party to-morrow
afternoon at her home on Broadway.
Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones was the
guest of honor at a dinner last even-
Ing given by, Mrs. James M. Goewey.
Other guests were Mrs. Llewellyn
Jones, Mrs. George McAneny, Paul
Kosakevitch, the Russian Consul, and
Captain Howland, U. S. A.
The informal tea given yesterday by
Mrs. William J. Gunn was a very
pleasant affair and brought many
friends, for on Thursday Mrs. Gunn
and Miss Mabel leave for New York.
There they remain a few days, then
continue the Journey to Porto Rico,
where Miss Gunn and Dr. Thayer will
be married in January.
The bride-to-be Is leaving a large
circle of friends, who are wishing
every happiness for her in the far
away new home.
Miss Gunn attended school in Phila
delphia and there met Dr. Thayer.
Mrs. Findley B. Dray and Miss Dray
will be "at home" to-morrow, 1716
Broadway, receiving on second and
fourth Wednesdays through the sea
son.
One of those delightful innovations,
the "telephone tea," happened yester
day at the home of Miss Gertrude
Hyde-Smith, on Gpeen street.
Among the group of bright, chat
tering maids were Miss Newell Drown,
Miss Maude Stone. Miss Marjorie Jos
selyn, Miss Margaret Newhall. Miss
Elizabeth Livermore. Miss Emily Wil
son, Miss Charlotte Wilson. Misa
Anita Harvey and Miss Margaret
Hyde-Smith.
The guests were: Miss Charlotte
Wilson, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Maud
Bourn. Miss Anita Harvey, Miss Mar-
Jorie 'Josselyn, Miss Gertrude Josselyn.
George Cadwallader, Gerard Bathr
bone. Will Page. Joseph Tobln, Oscar
Cooper, Wllberforce Williams and
Frank King.
Miss Charlotte Wilson was enter
tained at dinner last evening by Mrs.
Charles Josselyn in her Pacific-avenue
home, y
Twenty covers were laid, and the
table decorations in red /were very
effective, American Beauty roses, red
candelabra and name cards of the
same shade lendinsr an attractive
glow.
* * •
The second assembly and german of
the Entre Nous Cotillon Club will be
given next Friday evening. November
25. In the ballroom of the Palace Hotel.
Several original figures have been pre
pared.
Mrs. Ella Hotallngr. with her two
children, arrived last Friday from a
trli> abroad.
The Woman's Exchange benefit takes
place to-nlgbt at the Tivoll- Every
thing points toward success, for the
seats have sold well and many theater
parties have been arranged. Society
will be very much In evidence, the
charity being one that meets with
marked approval in the smart set.
Miss Anita Harvey win be the hon
ored guest to-day at a luncheon given
by Miss Eleanor Morgan and to-mor
row evening James D. Phelan will give
a dinner in honor of Miss Harvey at
the Bohemian Club.
• • •
Miss Elsa Draper Is doing: consid
erable Informal entertaining and her
Sunday afternoon teas are very popu
lar. The past Sunday saw Miss Draper
hostess at one of these delightful af
fairs, her favored guest being Miss
Ursula Stone- The young hostess al
ready has a reputation for efficiency
and poise — traits admirable for social
success.
Mrs. A. S. Baldwin and Miss Amy
Porter will entertain at tea to-day
from 4 to 6. The affair has been es
pecially planned for Miss Gertrude
Dutton, who la soon to wed Joslah
Howell. Mr3. Baldwin's home on Bu
chanan street will hold a merry throng
of guests this afternoon.
In the wedding of Miss Margaret
Sophia Simpson and Rev. Wjlliam
James Cuthbert, which takes place to
morrow, there 13 an added element of
interest. Miss Agnes Simpson married
Bishop Partridge of Kioto. Japan, three
years ago, and while visiting her sis
ter in that place Miss Margaret met
Rev. Mr. Cuthbert, who is likewise
stationed In Kioto. Their marriage
will take place at noon In St. Luke's
Church, after which the young coupls
will visit In the Simpson home for a
few weeks. Soon after the holidays
they sail for Kioto.
• • • * A
Mrs. Horatio Stebbins and Miss Lucy
Stebbins will be given a reception to
morrow evening by the Channing Aux
iliary in the parlors of the First Uni
tarian Church from 8:30 to 10.
been so extensively entertained by tha
leading lights through the introduc
tion of Mrs. Bruguiere Sr.
Covers for fourteen are to be laid.
THE AMERICAN NAVY.
IN THE MATTER
OF ELIZABETH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN P.~SPHECItKLS • Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO %»«»,« »«
JOHN MeXAUGIIT £^ . » • 5Ian .° g _ e _!
fv"ku^noN"^rF^irZ7r.T..7! !.*.TiiinFAyp"aitA«KET streets, ban francisco
TUESDAY .<".' NOVEMBER^. 1904
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
DAME
FASHION'S
MIRROR
THE SAN- FRANCISCO- GALL, -.TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22,; 1904.
8"The Village Postmaster," a \ rural
play, was presented for the first' time
In this city at the Alcazar Theater last
night. It Is about as unattractive as
the usual run of that class of plays,
with a few standard exceptions, it is
the usual' plot of the villain and the
good young man being in love with
the village belle and at the last the
villain is unmasked and all ends hap
pily. John Craig, George Osbourne.
ftlr*fl7flF,
Tlvoll.
The fourth and last week of "The
Messenger •' Boy" began last night at
the Tivoli. \
Herschel Mayall aa the detective
reveled, in -the part. He had several
different impersonations to assume
and made a hit in each one. Others
in the cast were Ethel Clifton. Myrtle
Vane, James Corrigan, Ernest Ho well
Henry Schumer, Pryse Mackaye, Ju
lia Blanc, George Webster, Edna
FHlemore, Danny Halifax, George
Nicholls. Walter Whipple and Lloyd
Edward.
Central.
"The Queen of the White
which was produced at the Central
Theater last night, is a pure melo
drama. It la well staged and well
enacted. The scene on the ocean
•where the hero is cast away on a
raft was effectually worked up and
sent the. audience into spasms of de
light. iiyi^ :
Eamnel Goldstein Dies.
Samuel Ooldsteln, a prominent citi
zen of this city and a man well known
throughout the fruit-growing section
of the State, died at hla residence, 902
Eddy street, yesterday at the age of
€6 years. He was president of the
Kutner-Goldstein Company of Sutter
street.
CLAIMED HB RETAINED A RING.— Percy
V'. Vlckereon, a young man, a native of
Nova Scotia, was booked at the City Hall
station yeFterday on the charge of grand
larceny. The complaining witness that caused
his arrect Is Edith McPherson of 130 South
Park, who alleges that VIckerson retained a
rtne which was her property.
On Thanksgiving" day, November 24, and Sat
urday, November 26. some great pony racing
will be seen at Ean Mateo during the fall race
ir.eetlr.ff cf the Polo and Pony Racing Asso
ciation. For the " accommodation of the public
the Southern Pacific will run a special train
to Ean Mateo on each of these days, leaving*
Third andvTownaend streets' depot at 1 p. m.;
returning. leave San Mateo at 0:18 p. m. Hound
trip tickets will be sold for 75 cents at Third
and Townsend streets depot and 613 Market »t.«
Special Events Tlianksgivins Day and
Saturday. -
POXY RACING AT SAN MATEO.
Slajestlc.
Richard Harding Davis' "The Tam
ing of Helen," affords the excellent
company at the Majestic opportunity
to shine in light and genteel comedy,
to show some pretty costumes and to
display a clever bit of stage setting In
the second act Elsie Esmond la the
heroine, Helen Cabot, and the role
suits her as if it had been written for
her especially. At any rate, it was
written for an actress of her graceful
and piquant style. As Marlon Caven
dish . the actress, Adele Block was
warmly greeted by her many admirers
In the audience. She entered Into th*
role with sincere spirit and gave a
lifelike and altogether natural inter
pretation of the character. Mrs. Evian,
the lady villain, has not much to do,
but that little is well done indeed by
Eleanor Gordon. Howard Gould's
Philip Carroll was in 1 his best vein,
and J. H. Gilmour personated the
manager actor, Charles Wimpole, in
a refreshingly light and airy* way.
Reciting that she is highly educated,
of great refinement, nervous tempera
ment and in delicate health, Mrs. Ivy
M. Dunphy complains that the cruelty
and neglect of William F. Dunphy. her
husband, la unbearable and she sues
for divorce.
Ida M. Rogers sues Oranville Rogers
for divorce on the ground of neglect.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Hebbard to Alice E. Roberts
from Edward F. Roberts, cruelty; to
Ermellnda Francesconi from Lorenzo
Francesconi. neglect; by Judge Mur
asky to John L. Ervln from Elizabeth
Ervin. desertion; by Judge Sloss to
Palma C. Parkin from L. H. Parkin,
neglect; by Judge Kerrigan to Lillian
May Mitchell from Marshall Mitchell,
dteertlon; by Judge Troutt to Margaret
Schlmmer from Frank Schimmer,
neglect; to Elizabeth John from Wil
liam John, neglect; to Katherine E.
Lawton from Frank H. Lawton.
neglect: to Maggie Kamalada from
Herman Kb m Blade, cruelty. Judge
s raw all took under submission the di
vorce eult of Hannah F. Johansen
1 p-alr.st Charles F. Johansen, who has
neglected her for twenty years.
Mre. Ivy Dunpby Seeks Separation on
Ground of Cruelty — Many
• Divorces Granted.
Courtland S. Benedict, the well
known business man, and his wife,
who were overcome by the fumes of
escaping gas Saturday night, regained
consciousness yesterday and have a
fair chance of recovering. The fam
ily and physicians are continually at
the bedside of the couple at their
home, 328 Valencia street. Every
means known to medical science Is be
ing resorted to In an effort to bring
them out of danger.
Mr. Benedict was able to sit ud In
bed yesterday and the physicians ex
press confidence In his ability to pull
through. Mrs. Benedict's condition
is still critical. * ";.» •:,;
Doctors Express Hope That Victims
of Illuminatlnff Gas Will Both
Recover.
COARSE TREATMENT 3HKES
WIFE'S LIFE UNBEARABLE
COXSCIOUSVESS RETURN'S
TO MR. AM) 3IRS. BEXEDIOT
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— Edward Rose
water, proprietor of the Omaha Bee. to-day
arranged with President Rooserelt for an In
terview next Wednesday, at which Father
Schell, the prleet who recently made serious
charge! In relation to the treatment of tha
Winnebago Indians .In Nebraska, will ba
p reacnt.
FOOTPAD MILLER FACES
SECOND ROBBERY^CnARGE
Frank Trainor Identifies Him as Man
Who Held Him Up Week Aro
Last Sunday.
George Miller, the ex-convict, who
was captured on Sunday night after
a revolver fight with Policeman
O'Neil, was identified yesterday morn-
Ing by Frank Trainor of the Lake
Hotel, Bay and Webster streets,.' as
the masked footpad who held him up
on Webster street, between Lombard
and Chestnut streets, on the night
of November 13 and took S26 from
him. Trainor swore to h complaint
before Police Judge Cabaniss charging
Miller with robbery, and the warrant
was served upon him by Policeman
O'Neil in, the City Prison.
Miller was instructed and arraigned
In Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday on
the charges of assault to murder and
robbery. O'Neil was congratulating
himself that he was not occupying a
slab at the Morgue. He was warmly
complimented by his superiors and
brother officers upon his bravery in
capturing such a desperate criminal.
Falls From Cupola.
James Trowbridge fell from a ladder
at the top of the cupola of the Pioneer
building, a distance of twenty-five feet
yesterday and landed in a , maze of
crossbeams. The fall resulted in the
breaking of his leg. An improvised
derrick was rigged up and in a can
vas sling he was lowered to the slde
walkT-He reside* at 8 Russell place.
FRATERNAL MASQUERADE. — Mission
Lodge No. 206 of the Fraternal Brotherhood
will have a •'fraternal masquerade party" Jn
Mission Parlor Hall to-night. It Is said that
this is to be a novelty in tha lino of fancy
dress socials and that the committee In charge
has made arrangements to make the event the
most pleasant that this subordinate of the order
has ever given.
Think of twin* a «!lk suit, prettily tailored
»nd of good quality alllc taffeta for $9 50!
Strauis . & Frohman. 107-lon Post street, hare
made this offer. They guarantee each suit to
fit perfectly and claim them to be worth at
least 916. The price was made possible on ac
count of an ' exceedingly fortunate New York
purchase. They will also offer at the aaraa
time a line of 922 SO sample suits for 912 50. •
A Surprise for Ladies.
A group of songs Illustrating this
principle was warmly appreciated.
They were designated as miniature
art songs — "At Twilight" (Nevln),
"Eln Schwan" (Grieg), "Ich hab
Traume" (Franz), "L'Heure Exquise"
(Hahn), "L'Automne" (Tostl), "Ver
schwelgelne" (Wolf), "Songs of My
Mother" (Dvorak), "Au Bord de
l'Eau" (Faure), "Le Prlntemps"
(Gounod).
Mrs. Grace Lorlng Williams, accom
pan 1st
The Pioneer Daughters — Mrs. Syd
ney Palmer, president — met yesterday
afternoon in Pioneer Hall, giving a
very entertaining programme, /'under
the direction of Mme. Emilia Tojettl.
The meeting began with the read-
Ing by Mrs. Malcolm Johnson, who
gave "The Ruggles Dinner" (Kate
Douglas Wlggln) and "At Odds With
Life." These were well received, af
ter which Mme. Tojettl gave a short
talk on "Moods in Song," explaining
the many requirements for the com
pletion of a composition that it may
be both concise and artistic, depleting
various phases of emotion and senti
ment. . •
ART SONGS FOR
DAUGHTERS OF
THE PIONEERS
Great Interest is manifested in the
concert to be given by Miss Laura
vim Klslelnlcka. the distinguished
contralto from Dresden, at SteJnway
Hall this evening at 8:20 o'clock^Miss
von Klslelnlcka will be heard in num
bers by Schumann, Brahms, Mozart,
Giardlnl, Draeseke, Hildach, Wolf,
Wagner, Massenet, Schubert and Cham
inade, and Bhe will also sing the aria'
from "Samson and Delila." by Saint-
Saens. Miss von Kislelnicka will be
assisted by Mrs. Alice Bacon Wash
ington and Miss Hulda Anderson,
pianists, and Hother Wlsme.r, the
well-konwn violinist
A Popular Concert.
Sheik Hadji Tahar, leader of the
famous troupe of Arabian acrobats
and who Is the only member of his
tribe who Is high in the order of Ma
sons, Elks and Odd Fellows, arrived
with his band in the city last evening.
They are to appear at Fischer's The
ater this week.
Fischer's.
A clever comedy couple, Edward
Raymond and Beatrice Trlcey, made
their first appearance at the Chutes
yesterday and scored a distinct suc
cess. "Musical" Bentley produced de
lightful muslo from all sorts of in
struments, and Karl and De Elmer
gave a thrilling aerial gymnastlo per
formance. Duke Johnson and Mae
Wells and Mabel Lamson are hold
overs. The biograph showed many
European and American novelties. As
special features are announced for
Thursday (Thanksgiving), the ama
teurs will appear-in their living pic
tures to-morrow night.
Chutes.
¦ Woods' side of the story Is told in
an answer to the suit; He admits that
he has the shares, that they are worth
$12,000 and that he is willing to de
posit them and $210 in dividends re
ceived with the court until the Ques
tion, of ownership is settled.
The defendant denies all the charges
of fraud and improper influence, and
explains the transaction as follows:
Mrs. Rosenthal was a professional
nurse, and for fifteen years was en
gaged in the families of Woods and
his wife. They always had a great af
fection for her, were kind to her, and,
believing that she was wholly with
out means, permitted her to stay for.
weeks at a time at their home without
cost In Jilne of this year she was af
flicted with paralysis, and, eaya the
answer, informed Woods' wife that
she had some stock which she wished
to give to Woods. She requested him
to call upon her, which he did at the
lodgings which she had occupied for
twenty years. She informed him, he
says, of her ownership of the stock,
and said that she had no heirs or rela
tives to whom she might leave It by
will. She feared it might be stolen Jf
she wa3 seriously ill, and, as she was
greatly attached to the Woods fam
ily, she desired to give it to him ab
solutely upon the one condition that
he should not dispose of it during her
lifetime, but should collect the divi
dends and apply them to her support
Woods says that he did not accept
at that time, but in a few days called
again. She told him her health was
failing and she was afraid she would
lose the shares or be deprived of them.
He decided to accept the gift, and she
then duly Indorsed the certificates and
handed them to him. On July 21, he
says, in order that no question would
arise in the future, he took Notary
James Mason to the house, and a for
mal transfer was drawn up and sign
ed. He declares that at-that time Mrs.
Rosenthal was in full possession of her
mental faculties.
The defendant says that at
the same time she gave him
a check for $192 78. with which
to pay some small bills. He now has
$210 86 in dividends. He says he tried
to induce her to leave her lodgings and
go to the King's Daughters' Home, but
she refused to go. Wilson & Wilson
are his attorneys.
A few weeks ngo' EmIUe A. Dierks,
as guardian of Wilhelmlna Rosenthal,
an aged paralytic, j sued Robert J.
Woods to recover an unknown num
ber of Spring Valley Water Company
shares, which, she said, had been ob
tained from the old lady by fraud. It
was charged that Woods had taken
advantage of Mrs. Rosenthal's weak
mental condition to influence her to
transfer the stock to him and that he
induced her to sign a paper, the con
tents of which she did not compre
hend.
As Georgiana Miss Elliott is resrally
lovely. It is not quite fair to besrin with
this, but one is helpless before the El-
Ilott beauty. And one may take Miss
Elliott' as seriously as she deserves as
an . actress. Perhaps ttfe womanly
sweetness of the character is its stronc
est phase, but Miss Elliott suggests the
strength, the lovable willfulness, the co
quetry, the nobility of the girl, with
equally happy and facile art. Depth
greater than she has touched before
she reaches here, and the lighter phase
is more lightly given, and altogether
Miss Elliott shows notable and distin
guished advance in her art. The sud
porting company Is good. Among the
other women Fannie Addlson Pitt, as
the woman in an Adellna Patti auburn
wig. Is very amusing; Georgle Law
rence, as the hairdresser, overdraws,
but entertainingly Is a very clever
character, and Nellie Thome realizes
well the Mrs. Carley.
James Carew is the Sam Coast, and
though fairly convincing is not so ef
fective as the part gives opportunity
for. Charles Cherry does all that Is
needed in manly fashion for the soldier
lover, and R. C. Herz enacts with
some skill the part of the speculating
brother. Scenically the production , is
of notable handsomeness. /
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Maxine Elliott made her first local
appearance aa a star last night at the
Columbia, and, aa in her play, had all
"her own way" with ub. Miss Elliott
brings a Clyde Fitch comedy, "Her
Own Way," made for her last year by
the Indefatigable playwright It is ex
cellently tailored. The leading role fits
Miss Elliott to a nicety, and it is sur
rounded by torn* of Mr. "Fitch's more
smartly drawn figures. Of these, two
are new in the Fitch gallery, the villain
—he is almost Kremer-like— and the
hairdressing lady, who, perhaps, would
have come more newly before the
Sophy Fullgarney, in "The Gay Lord
Quex." There are also the familiar
flighty society grandmamma, the
"climbing" daughter, the weak and
sanguine speculator, a soldier hero, the
smart servants, and for novelty again,
the babies of the smart set. These, with
Miss Elliott as a charmingly willful,
womanly, altogether winsome lady, act
out the story, pretty, engaging, amus
ing, entirely in the conventional man
ner.
Very deftly Mr. Fitch lets one into
the standing and secrets of the Carley
household. The first act— and this is
the usual Fitch novelty— takes place
in a children's nursery. Four tiny fash
ionables are holding a birthday ban
quet, with three large servants in wait
ing. Enfants terrible they are, acquaint
ed with everything above and below
stairs; and between haughty com
mands for more icecream they let one
know that Sam Coast (the villain) is
"stuck on" auntie (Miss Elliott), but
that auntie likes Mr. Coleman (Charles
Cherry) and various other facts of In
terest. Then comes auntie to share the
fun. I shouldn't like to have missed
Maxine Elliott's graceful swood under
the table in the hide and go seek game,
to speak of nothing else. All through
the scene, a charming picture to begin
with, is notably attractive.
The act leaves the soldier lover
telling Miss Carley that he is about
to go to the Philippines. The second
act ends with his good-by, without de
claring himself, as the bad man has
told him that Georgiana was going to
marry him. To compass this Sam
Coast decides to ruin the Carley's,
Georgiana's brother Steve, his wife,
the mother. This he purposes to do
through Steve's weakness for specu
lation. Steve has gambled away his
own, his wife's, his mother-in-law's
money. Georgiana saves the day with
her own fortune. Coast tempts the
brother to speculate again. He does,
and the third act finds the sister's for
tune also gone. After his little habit
Coast again asks Georgiana to marry
him. She tells him that money can't
buy everything. He says his money
can. Then word comes of Coleman's
death in an ambuscade. However,
how it all ends happily is quite worth
while finding out and Mr. Fitch brings
some peculiarly clever dialogue to the
telling.
Lillian Lawrence, Btella Raieto, Luke
Conness and the other members of the
company do the best they can with
the material at their command.
Defendant Declares $12,000
Gift Was a Eeward for
Years of Kind Treatment
Shows Regal Grace as Georgiana
OLD NUESE GRATEFUL
Eobert J. N Woods Answers
Action to Eecover a Lot
of Spring Valley Shares
MAXINE ELLIOTT
PLEASES AS STAR
In "Her Own Wau" the Actress
' Verifies Name of Play.
)
HE SAYS STOCK
WAS A PRESENT
THE SAN . ERANGISCO^ALi:; TUESDAY;' NOVEMBER- 22 ? - 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS. _^
G RAN D .SSt3§g
"Xni tovtb deUfhtettf Uoched hard
and applanded for bllstsrs." — Aiaton Stev-
ens la Examlatr.
THIS WEEK AND NSXT.
MATINEES
Thanksgiving Day
Saturday and Sunday
SHOW* GIRL
Next Attraction Williams and Walker
f*AI IBRADIA m RMosco's
wULUi¥lOll4 LEACH-3 THLV.EE
Nightly, Charles B. DIlHnsrham
Except Sun. Presents
SPECIAL I fVif&YfllfllP
MATINEE ITIUAIiiV.
THANKSCrVlVC ir- d mm - -
day -- I Elliott
Regular Matinee Ia to ,
Saturday. Or<a Titeh Oexndy.
HER. OWN WAY
PRICES— IX It CO, >1. T5o. C0&
Bnnday night— O«rmaa performance
•*aROSS8TJLDTl.USrr* — S«at» now r«ad7.
A STUPENDOUS SHOW!
MR. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW
Webb's Seals} BeWltft, Bmi aad Tor-
ranoe; Tyce and J arm on; Mr. and Mrs.
Mark Murphy; Carlisle's Dors and r&-
nies; AnarurU Gloss | Thxee ZUmonlers.
and Orpseom Motion Pletozas. Sno«>
Inf "Tie ioat Cilld."
Regular Matisse* Every Wednesday* Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. ¦ ¦_•
PRICE3— lOo. 28o end BOo.
ALCAZAR "to"
Geseral Manager.
"T.niiaa l*wretiee b*st ltadrag -wocoaa ever
at Aleaxar." — Town Talk. ..
"John Craig would alone give on» the Alca-
«*r habit." — Bulletin.
TO-NIGHT— MATS SATURDAY and ffCNDAT
THE VILLAGE \jnsr'
POSTMASTER | — ""
Ideal Holiday Attraction for Old aad Toung!
Full of Fun! Charming Sentiment!
The Threshing Machine Sensation!
Evn. 25o to 50c. All ' Matinees. 23o to Me.
Kext Monday — Hall Caine's Master Work.
, ..tttt; CHBTSTTATT ¦
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-snOSTT — AT.Ti W1LBJC
MATXHSS THANXSOirnO SAT.
A Sensational Crime Depleted la a Sensational
Manner.
QUEEN OF THE
WHITE SLAVES
A Story Torn From the Page ef Pollc* AnnaU.
THB HI0HBDJDER8.
Price*— Eve.. lOo to 50c. Mata.— 10a. 13o, *3c
Kext— THS UTTTiB CHURCH AROUND
, THE CORNER.
I CALIFORNIA «4
THB RBAL TH1NO AT LAST. ||
ABTKUB DU3BT, -J
Ia the New York Casino Musical Com- ||
edy Triumph, > j
THE RUNAWAYS I
The original 173,000 production. \\
First toor at the faratms Casino Show m
Oirla. ft
A ralaxy of stunning beaatlea, •<}
HOLIDAY "MAT1NEBTHANXSOIV- |
Next Baaday Night— Tb» CaitfMnl* |
favorites. OALLAGHSR aad BAH- ft
_. RBTT la FCRJEOAN*8 BAli* ' S
A Splendid Shaw HrtT7 Aftaxsoon aal
Bvtataar la the Theater.
DON'T FAH. TO SES
THE JOflNSTOWN FLOOD,
THE RKIQNINO SENSATION OF CONST
ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIR.
A NEVER TO BB FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
AMATKTXB NIQHT WEDNESDAY.
ADMISSION... ...10a CHZZiDRZ2f......Uta
FREE! FREE!
,~ISxt*ao*<Iina2y Of feu
TO v
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
To make their
Holiday Purchases in the Month of November
»**- • $7.50 %£&%& Free.
5 B f$J0.00 p-*-. $3.00 Free
SST' $5.00 p— • $1.50 %£«?££. Free
5EP$150p— • 75c. Free
Free Cf nr\ Pvtdumm OiZ r worth of eoods p
yj-.VJU your own choice FTCC
We want you to see cur
Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
and Newest Creations
Elite Chinaware, Limoges China, French
China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware,
Novelties, and Dolls.
Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest,
Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected
from the Markets of the World,
Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
We want you to see our very reasonable prices*
We want you to come just to look*
Take advantage of this very liberal offer.
CUT HERE CUT HERS
CUT OUT THIS COUPON, ferine ft to any of our stores before
B December 10, J904, ani receive with each purchase as listed r.
* above a very handsome present of your own selection. 5
= SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Nov. 22 , 1904 =
a Come just to loot. *
¦j Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores.
WOT GOOD AFTER DECEMBER 1O. 180* ;
CUT HERE CUT HERE
Great American Importing Tea Co.
CXTT STORES:
861 Market wt. 213 Sntter st. 705 Larlrin st. 3732 24th at.
140 Sixth at. 2008 ruimcre rt. 14G Klath st. 206 Third at.
475 Hiia-tt st. 353 Hayes et. 52 Market st. 469 Fourth rt.
1819 De-rtsafiero rt. 3006 Sixteenth rt. 521 Montgomery ave. 366 Third rt.
1419 Folk rt. 3285 Mission rt, 2516 Mission at.
OAKLAND. ALAME3A ASS BEBEEI.EY STOKES:
1053 Washington st. 1610 Seventh st. Berkeley, 2141 Center si
1189 23d ave, 616 E. 12th st. Alameda, 1355 Park rt.
STOKES II? OTEXS CITIES AND TO WITS:
San Jose, 128 S. -First st. Ean Bernardino, 421 Third st. Loig Beach. 220 Pine ave.
Sscraa^uto, i26 K st. Eanta Barbara, 734 State st. Merced, 40S Main st.
Sacramento. 8O4 J rt. San D!««o. 822 Klfth st. Nevadadty.Pine stMas.b!d«.
E&nta Our. 140 Pacific «.v«. 6anL.uisObispo.729KiKuerast. R-.-dlan<5s, JS E. Stats st.
Stockton 445 E. Main st. Tulare. Kern st.. near K. Santa Monica. 227 Third st.
G'lrcy IS N. Monterey st. Vlrrinia City. 68 S. C st. Eanta Ana. 209 E. Fourth st.
Lo« Gatoa. Ea»t Main st. Ventura, 206 Main St. Vi^aJJa, 216 Main tt.
S*nL*»i>(Sro,SanL«orenxcaT«. Crockett. Woodland. 635 Main st.
lx.» Arge>». 423S. Broadway. Lincoln. . WatsonyiU*. S2S Main et.
LcsArieles.2t2CPasadena av. Winters. B«ilci<i. 6 First st.
Sa't T-w. 243 Main st. Rsdwood City. Chico.Bdwy..brt.3<l &4th sta.
Portlar-d, SSI Washington st. Sutter Creek. CarsonClty, Cars' n st.nr.Klnt.
Pcrtlaad. 223 First st. Napa, 3 Main st. BrlKhara City, Main st.
Betttls 006 Second ar«. Petaluina. S2S Main st. Modesto, 10th et.. bet. HAL
Brattle 300 Pike rt. St. HeJ-ena. Main St. Oroville. 308 Meyers St.
Taooma. 887 C *t Eanta Rosa. 411 Fourth St. Provo. Academy ave.
£ ockan*. 810 Fprafas av*. VaJleJo. 339 Georgia St. ParkCity.Maln 8t,SchleliIs be
Oirjen 840 Twenty -fifth st. Haywanls.Bst.. bet. Main&lst. RedBluff.Maln & Oak sta.
Esk*T*"*!l. 1513 19th st. San Rafael, 823 Fourth st. Salinas. 254 Main st.
Frtsao 1145 J st. Pasadeua. 190 E. Colorado st. OregonClty.Maln st.so.5th.
M*JT»vlll«. £22 D St. AJftort*, 571 Commercial st. He'.ldsl-urK.
Poacna. 4C2 W. Seconfl st. Eugene. 30 E. Ninth «t. Placerville.
Reno, 19 Cor=merclal row. Eureka, cor. Fifth and F sts. Ocean View.
Re?*in>. 421 Market et. Grass Valley. M Mill et. Callstcga- ! | I
Elv»rsia«. 831 Main st. Hanford. 200 N. Irwin st. Sonoma.
Onr 100 Stores Help Us to Help You.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIO! VAL remedy that "kill* the Dandraff Ocrm."
GOINO! GOING-!! GONE1I!
Btncsi ni un n. . ; wr ic toe wax un rr. - no un m Ktncnt.
T H E. t, A » / BS OBJECT reflected In the titornous s*te of Ncwbra't Herpl-
to a ruBttv as4 itlcky hair dresslnr. or one thai clde. Ladles becooie »nthu*lastlcover Its refrtih-
It fuUo»«*4Jmerterir chemicals Intendei to <ye ing quality and exquisite frtpance. destroyt
the hair. The airke4 preference for a dainty the mlcroWe powth In the sc«!p. cures dtndrun.
dre^rr. particularly one th.t overcome* e«ej»- ftop»ra!llnr hair andrlves It a silken flo>«.
tve oUlacss and leaves the hair light and flttfly. la STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.
•nt Stores; SM»l So* 1fc. ttmn. ti hebbobe CO, DeplB, DrtrUt mclu fer t ttapit.
AyyrjqsvTxojrB aji paoatiarxarr +*Tfn-*ii ssofb. i
ADVERTISEatEyTS.
Cure the
Drink Habit
The strong points of my cure are:
(i) I cure.
(a) I cure without detention from
business.
(3) I cure without the use of harm-
ful drugs.
(4) I cure without the use of dan-
gerous hypodermics.
(5) I cure without any bad after
effects.
In fifteen years, I have cured over
15,000 men without a single failure.
My life work has been the cure of the
drink habit and I claim to know more
about this subject than any other man
in' the world. I never publish testimo-
nials unless given' permission, but I
can refer you to thousands who have
been cured and who will gladly tell
you their experiences if it will help
you to take the cure and restore you
to health and happiness. Call or write.
DR. J. J. McKANNA,
14 Geary Street,, San Francisco, Cal.
Tel. Main 1037.
Grade
This Is a specially good value and
will give satisfaction. There are sev-
eral shapes and styles to select from.
Don't fall to see our
THANKSGIVING CUTLERY
We have a very select assortment
of three-piece OABVTJTO BETS. In
handsome boxes, which we are selling;
at very reasonable prices. Figures
range from $2.5O to 8G.OO- ' BET-
TEBBUTZABLT.
GOOD BA20B8 as low aa 81.00-
OII.UE5TTE SArETT RAZORS,
K5.00- STAB BAPBTT BAZOBS,
reduced from $2.00 to 81.25.
Razors honed and ground. ¦ Honing,
25c- '
Man orders] promptly filled.
THAT MAN, PITTS
P. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 MASKBT STB3SBT. Opp.> Fifth.
- SAN FRANCISCO. '
- 111 * Jill I I ._ ».».„» - - »^- ,„>. LU
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Clias. II. Fletcher, and has been made under hla
personal supervision for over SO years. Allow no on*
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
<« Just-as-g-ood" are but Experiments, and endanger the ,
Health of Children— Experience against Experiment. jj
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare*1
goric, Drops and Soothinjr Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Xarcotio
substance. Its apre is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind.
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You Have Always Bought
jj Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years,
¦':,,••' THt ecMTftun eo»i>««». tt hum** »T«trr, ntw van* errr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l?l W^&^^^li For health's cake insist P?i|^j \ S
SI ll~l on having tte real , I]|[J1J" j a
ii!iTii.!iri wtDiu pTjl
?^-- " K7S "^ a *"~^'—- - |^* mm •% ask sksa * mm i5 ii, "
bompany.s Jnj
Wk-&£*J*iL . t»Al«ttwlwl 3Cul |p(T'(jj
U "^^.a*^^"*^ llXG oldest* LuC most COU* B? ni~~ S]
f^^ti^ centmted, tha reliable. pip= m
\u000f*0 Substitutes pay tha dea- |ij]|| jjllj
FaJ s~ |[~ \ ler more proat, bat are a j^^= h
n == i i = T!i poor InTCfltment for you. jrtiw~^ jn
Eg Uc i - = t T^ 0^' ne slgnatarei £*»== H
i r^ tH S! on the label allows e^^!ztg§3
m iTi ft? the genuine. ff^l^^i^n
J-JItJ^, For Forty Yiarj the First ffi-tj^
AMUSE3IEXT&.
OPERA|lf§|pOOSf
TO MIPUT Benefit of the
llHllunl Woman's Exchange.
PI/Tn B I MESSENGER BOY
P i K fl ' MATINEE
LA I 5 I ft I THANKSGIVING
PDA bin Friday Eve., Nov. 35th
U II A 11 U Sat. Mat., Nov. 26th
OPERA ...LUCIA-
Kme. Fannle Pranclica aa Lucia
Great Cast— Chorus— Orchestra
SEATS READYTHIS MORNING
f^ffWI-O BEGINS f
KlINCs SUNDAY
& a. & i ti evening,
DODO 181 *
Seats Always Selling— Regular Mat. Bat.
Lwtm 'nUS**,
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee aad Manacer.
TO-NIBHT rS^kgk. TO-NIGHT
Oliver Morosco OfCera
Howard Gould — J. H. Ollxaonr
And the Majestto Theater Company In Richard
Harding Davis" Fascinating Comedy,
THE TAMING OF HELEN
Reappearance of Adele Block.
THANKSGrVTNO MATINEH
HEST- "IW MIZZOURA."
TONY L.U6KLSKI. General Manager.
A TIDAL WAVE OF CYCLONIC HITS.
Extraordinary "ALL STAR" bill. World Re-
nowned. Marveloua. -
SHAIK— HADJI— TAHAR
Troupe of ARABIAN ACROBATS: /THE
MARTELLS. Bicycle Experts; BURTINOS.
High Wire Artists; JOHN BRACE, Black
.Face Comedy: ELROT A LESSING, Comedy
Sketches; KOLLJXS & WILSON. Premier
Banjolstsr CLOY EL^MER. Balladlst; CLIN-
TON MONTGOMERY, Illustrated Songs; New
and Exclusive MOVING PICTURES.
Dally Matinees at 2:30. Twice Evenings at
7:80 and 0. Continuous Saturday and Sunday
Matinees. 2 to 5. Continuous Saturday and
Sunday Nights, 7 to 11.
ALL FOR 10c and 20c NO HIGHER.
Children at any time and place. 10c.
I YRIP WAI I EDDT ST.
Week Com- Mon / MOV 28
mencine Next »"""•/ ''"*.
¦ Matinees Wed., rri.. Bat. at 3.
The Ben Greet Players
In The Star of Bethlehem
A MIRACLE PLAY OP THE NATIVITY
By CHARLES MILLS OAYLEY.
! (Prof, of English. .University of Cal.)
Beautiful CT>orai and Instrumental Music,
I Costumes and Scenery.
j Reserved Seats $1.50. Sl.OO. 75o.
; Ready To-Morrow Morning at
Sherman. Clay A Co.'a.
flaci! •; jgk Racing!
New /*^&J Jobkey
California 'jr^ Ci
OAKLAND TRACK.
Commencing SATURDAY, November IX
»¦ Kaclng every week day, rain or shin*.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
TKAHXSaZVZBrO KATOIOAP, .
$2000 Added, to be ran I'll U USD AT.
Wovember 24.
For special trains stopping at the track tak»
8 P Ferry foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12:80, 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:43 p. m. aad
Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. .
MISCELLANEOUS AMTJBEMKNTB.
c*~ ~~
STEINWAY HALL.
- TO-irZQHT. at 8tao O'ClOok,
CONCERT Given by
MISS LAURA KINZE von EISIELNICKA,
'Contralto, assisted by Mrs. Alice Bacon Wash-
ington and Mlas Hulda Anderson ptaalsts,
and Mr. Hcther Winner, violinist.
RESERVED 8EATS, fl.OO.
Admiiatoo, 75c.
On sale at Sherman. Clay A Co-'s.
Dn1a r p DONTTAILTO
idldlA/ see the beautifu i
j COURT Lounging
d\ T1 M room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
f> 1 PALM ROOM, the
lTr^flQ LOUIS XV PAR-
ui uuu LOR< ind thc j^
nil,, DIES' WRITING
Botels J roqm>
WEEKLY CAIX, ?1.00 PER YT1W,OAKLAND BACETBACK MONDAT. Nov. 21. — Weather fine. Track fast.
7443. : FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first. <325. •
Indexl Horse and Owner. , Wt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
733C Mocorlto. a (J. Ryan) 105 2 . . . 8 >j 0 Vi 1 n l* 1^ Holbrook .. 6-5 11-10
65S-2 Scotsman, 4 (Brlnkworth Co.). 103 4 ... 41 On 53 23 Anderson . 5-2 »
6130 Edinborough, a (H. Stover).. 109 6 ... 2^11 4^31 W. Knapp. 12 17
041)0 Adirondack. 4 (H. Shannon).. 106 6 ... 52 4 1^2 1 4 1% Hldrbrand 6 7
5870 E. Reubold, 4 (Appleby & Co.) 106 7 ... 3 1^:J n 6^52 Helgesen ... 10 15
7430 Idalum. 0 (King &. Co.) 109 8 ... 7 % 8 4 "8 1 6 2^ Bell 30 40
7303 Irinsbruck. 4 (P. E. Smith).. luC 9 ... 6 % 8 n 9 4 7 2 J. T. Shehn tt 8
72.S8 Optimo, 5 (R. W. Price) 101 3 ... 9 4 7 2^7 W 83 F. Sullivan 12 3O
7290 Liz. Rice, 4 (McMahon & Co.) 109 1 ... 1 n 2 1%3 n 9 3 |T. Clark... 12 30
0735 Frlponne, a (Alhambra Stbl.) 101 10 ... 10 10 10 10 |G. Bullman 60 10O
Tlme-^-:23>i. :4S%, 1:01^4. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:13 Vi. Mocorito, place, 9-20; show,
1-5. Scotsman, place, 7-2; show, 9-5. Edlnboroush, show, 5-2. Winner, ch. m. by
Amiso-Santa Monica. ' Trained by G. Wentworth. I Scratched— Monla. Start good. Won
In a drive of three.
Mocorlto was slow to leave her moorings, but met with some rare racing luck thereafter. Scots
man was a keen contender at the end. Edlnborough a bit short. Adirondack ran a good
race. Innsbruck will improve. Optimo likes a heavy track. Lizzie Rice Is wind broken.
7444. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; 2-year-old fillies; purse; value to first. *325.
l ——\ Horso and Owner. Wt St. >4. \' t . % .. Str.. Fin. I Jockey. OP- Cl.
••¦• IFMrtla J (W. B. Jennings).... 103 4 ... 5 Vi 5 Vi 6 Vt 1 h W. Davis.. 6-5 6-5
liilS Meada (Clanchl & Co.) 100 3 ... 1 % 1 y. 1 V> 2 Vi Hildebrand 2 2
r,7..l) Gallant Cassle (Mrs: Miller).. 108 1 ... 2 «. 2 Vi 2 n" 3 V4 W. Knapp.. 8 20
i4CS |Glendeno (Summers & Co.).... 103 5 ... 4 Vj 4 I 4 n 4 h McLaughln 10 15
<101 Lijrht o£ Day (Mra Coftey)... 100 2 3 if, 3 Vs 3 h 5 n Fllzpatrlck 15 50
.42.1 Wlna (G. M. Van Gordon) 104 S ... K4 fin 6 2*63 Bell 10 25
<U« Lillian Ayres (McAullffe) lot! »J .. . ti 1 7 Vj 7 3 7 2 Helgeser. .. 6 1,
H2.» Willa (W. P. Magrane) 100 7 ... 7 % 8 4 - S 3 SI W. Coleman 10 25
(«S20) Mary Pepper (Judge & Co.)... 103 9 ... 9 9 0 '.) J.T.Sheehan 10 40 ,
Time— :24}$. :4f)U. 1:02. At pest 1 minute. Off at 2:38. Estella J. place, 11-20; show, 1-4.
Meada, place. 11-20: show. 1-5. Gallant Cassle. show, 5-2. Winner, ch. f... by. Gold
• Dust-Ethel Green. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched— Edna Sullivan, Mistress of
•Tim s- starl S°°d. Won in a hard drive of six.
Hildebrand on Moada lost the race through over confidence. As race was run, Estella proved
•much the best, for she got away poorly and Davis had to grop« his way in the darkness.
Cassie did well. Light of Day flickered and went* out. Was short. Velna can do better.
So can Lillian Ayres. • •
744.1. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. %1 vlT %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
SSi>6 Glendenning, 5 (Hammond).... 101 1...15 17 17 15 McLaughln 11.10 9-10
(7.i00) Sir Preston. 4 (Scharetg) 109 2 ... 2 ',4 2 1V&2 1V42 % VIckery .... 6 5
C743 Clausus, 4(T.H. Ryan & Co.).. 100 5 ... 5 2 5 3 5 2 3 2 Vi Hildebrand 6 15
i412 Bell Reed, 4 (Fitzgerald & Co.) 109 7 ... 4 n 4 n 3 V£ 4 % W. Knapp 1 10 20
(7126) Cloche d'Or, 4 (Mrs. Coftey). 104 3 ... 7 6 1VS6 % S 3 Fltzpatrlck 9-2 7
<>1K2 Eetoy Listo. 4(E1 Primero sta.) lOfli 4 ... 627 7- 64 F. Sullivan 30 50
tiOl!) Peter J, 4 (J. O. Keeno & Co.).ilOl| 6 . .. 3 ft 3 % 4 1 7 W. Davis .. 6-2 9-2
Time, :23. :47>,i, 1:0074. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:00. Glendenning, place, 11-20: ehow,
1.5. Preston, place, 8-5; show. 3-5. Clausu9, show, 2. Winner, ch. g. by St. Carlo-Glen
llvet. Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched — Mlmo. Plckaway, Batldor. Start good.
Won very easily. Next two driving hard.
Glemiennlng blew in by himself. Sir Preston stood a drive gamely. Clausus slow to begin.
Hell Reed will bear watching. Cloche d'Or didn't stir up much dust. Peter J ran a
panel and sent In his rtslKnatlon.
744<*. FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth mlks; purse; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325
Index! Horse jtnd Owner. |Wt St. 1*. 14. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. j Op. Cl.
Cti&rt IToledo, 3 (Gaylord & Co.) 001 13 13 12 1 2V41 1 W. Knapp.. 6 7
7442 IG. W. Trahern. 5 (Sumcrs Co) OS 2 3 ?; 2 3 2 4 2 1V-2 2V- McLoughn S 13-3
7430 link. 4 (Lamasney Bros.) 101 4 5 S 4 4 4 6 3 3 Watson 8 6
740t Dlvlr.a. 5 (El Prlmtro Stb) OS 5 2 U« 4 3 Vi 3 Vi 4 8 W. Davis.. 1 3-2
7315 C. AnJcr3on. 5 (McLaughlin) 100 3 4 7 4 2U5 5 5 Hildebrand 3 12
Time— :24'i. :40Vi. l:15Vi. 1:41. 1:54^. At post »i minute. Off at 3:2S. Toledo, place. 2;
shew. 3-4. Trahern, placp. 3-5; show, 1-5. Ink, show. 2-5. Winner, ch. c. by Altamax-
Talluda. Trained by G. Burger. Start bad. Won easily. Next two driving.
Divina swerved at the start, badly Interfering with Ink and Colonel Anderson. This gave
Knapp on Toledo an opportunity to abscond with the purs*. Trahern" ran his rac* 1 .
Divina should be elven a rest on some stock farm. Colonel Anderson will be court
martialed 1 shortly unless his conduct Improves.
7447. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; 3-year-olds and up; purse: value to first, $325.
Index] Horse and Owner. JWtlSt. Vi. }4- %. Str. Fin. | Jockey! Op. CK
(7344)!HcnIton. 4 (P. Ryan) ' 1100 1 1 «i 1 «; 1 »i 1 2V£1 2 Vi] Hildebrand 1-6 1-6
7410 Royal Rogue. 5 (J. Nealon).. 106 0 3 n 4 3 2 IV22 2 2 n Helgesen .. 8 10
4015 Vesuvian, a (W. B. Jcnnlnps) 112 5 4 % 3 2VJ3 2^3 5 3 15 W. Davis.. 10 30
7405 LaFlsaro. 4 (West End Stable) 10C S « n 5 1V45 2Vi5 1%4 n Bell 100 500
6330 |SterllnK Towers. 5 (Stockton S) 100 4 2 ?; 2 Vj 4 5 4 3 C 3 McLaughln 60 10O
7431 ICapt. Forsee, » (N. England S) 102 7 5 2«4« 0 *£ 6 V, 6 C, G. Bullman 10 13
6500 jY'.-llow Tall, a (J. Hackett).. 112 2,7 IVi" 4 7 6 7 0 7 h IVickery ... 12 40
C124 ICanonlcus. 3 (M. J. Daly) 99] 3 8 8 8 8 8 W. Daly... 100 200
Tim»^:23lsi :47Vi. l:13Vi. 1:10%. At post IVi minutes. Off at 3:5T>. Honiton, place and
show out. Royal Rogue, place, 3-5: show. 1-4. Vesuvian, show, 3-2. Winner, br. m. by
Ormoii'le-Libbertlfllbbett. Trained by P. R yan. Scratched — Rowena, Andrew B. Cook.
Start good. Won easly. Next two driving. \ •
Just a snicker for th<» winner. Rogue was hard pressed. VesuVlan ran a smashing good race.
Sterling Towers will do In other company. Captain Fcrsee would not extend himself for
Bullman. Yellow Tall no speed.
7445. SIXTH RACE — On* milt; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
1 1 •%, .
Index! Horse and Owner. WtlSt. U- %• %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
741S Byronerdale, 4 (J. M. Crane) 111 1 1 2Vil 2 13 1 2Vil IVi W. Knapp.. 7-5 3-2
7420 Allopath, 5 Lamasney Bros.).. 107 3 4 % 3 h 2 1V42 n 2 % Helges«n .. 3 9-2
7406 Evea G. 5 (Mrs. Coftey) '.. 106 5 5 1 .5 1 3 3 1V43 2V4 Fitzpatrlck 3 3
7428 Isabellita. 4 (J. Ronaldson).... 102 7«5 66«8 54 46 F. Sullivan 7 »
7403 J. V. Klrby, 5 (G. Strobel) 107 2 2%2n51 4 Vj S 1 J.T. Sheehn 7 9
7428 Achilles. 5 (J. J. McCabe)... 101 4 3n41Va4n 04 «5 McBrlde ... 3O 50
742S Penzance, 4 (H. Stover> 102 6 74 72V47 2 7 2 7 2\t> Mlllerick .. 30 50
7430 Vulcaln. a (L. H. Ezell) 101 8 8 S 8 8 8 Barrett .... 20 30
Time— :25U, :50, 1:15. 1:41%. At post % minute. Off at 4:23Vi. Byronerdale, place, 3-5;
show, 1-3. Allopath, place, 3-2; show, 1-2. Evea G, show, 7-10. Winner, b. g. by Jim
Gore-Brlganza. Trained by J. Dlxon. Sart fair. Won first three driving hard.
Byronerdale on. the rail gave his fteld the slip at the start. Evea G and the balance In a
Jam on the outside as the barrier was sprung. Kirby will improve.
LOWERS SWIMMING RECORD.— A large
crowd watched the swimming - tournament at
the Olympic Club last night. The feature of
the eveninr was the performance of F. Galey
In lowerlnjr the American record of six "min
utes and two seconds for a quarter of a mile
to five minutes, fifty-nine and four-fifths sec
onds The fancy swimming of Professor Sid
ney Cavlll brought applause.
Is always happening in a poker game '¦
two deuces take the pot. etc. We have all
the latest novelties In playing cards po
ker chips, counters, dice and the cheap
est line of pretty tally cards and prizes
in the city. Sanborn, Vail & Co 741
Market street . ¦ " i
Something New
Io-iva Farmer Kills His Son.
SHENANDOAH, Iowa, Nov. 21. —
John Bloom, a wealthy' land owner,
residing eight miles south of here, shot
and instantly killed his eldest son,
Frank, early this morning. The father
gave himself up. He claims he fired
in self-defense.
Results of Races at Bennings and
Cumberland Park.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21. — Bennings results:
First race, six and a half furlonss — Incense
won, Monacador second,' Poseur third. Time.
1:22 2-5.
¦ Second race) atx furlongs — D'Arkle won,
Santa Catallna second Preen third." Time,
1:15. ' * ,
Third race, one . mile and forty yards — New
York won. Go Between second, Thistle Heath
er third. Time, 1 :45 2-5.
, Fourth race, six furlongs — Goldfleur won.
Calmness second. Dalphle third. Time, 1:15 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile and fifty yards — Thes
pian won, Brooklynlte second, Coppelia third.
Time, 1 :46 2-5. ' ~ '
Sixth, race, one and an eighth miles—De
kaber wop, Colonsay second, Lord Badge third.
Time, 1:57.
NASHVILLE. -Tenn., Nov. 21.— Cumberland
Park results : -
¦ First race, five and a half furlongs — Clyde
won. OJlbwa second. Long-straw third. Time.
1:10%. ¦ , .
. Second race, six furlongs — Lady Chariot
won. Heritage second, Andrattus : third. Time,
1:16.
Third race, seven furlongs — Nannie . Hodge
. Sixth race, one and an eighth miles Santa
Luna won, Drummond second. Santa Teresa
third. Time.. l:5Sy 4 .' - Teresa
Fifth race, six furlongs— Fltzbrillar won
Mafalda second. ; Rachel Ward third. Time!
Fourth race, five furlongs — Gasconne won
Savolr Falre second. Whirlpool third. Time!
won. Good Cheer second, Annie Davit thfrd
Time, 1:30. T ¦¦'
OX EASTERN TRACKS.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 21. — Senator
WJ A. Clark, who is now in Los Ange
les, stated to-day that when the stock
holders' meeting of the Salt Lake Rail
way is held in Salt Lake City on De
cember 21 next, the following per
sons will be elected as directors, repre
senting his interests: W. A. Clark. W.
K. Comstock, Thomas' Kearns, J. Ross
Clark, T. F. Miller and R. C. Kerens.
The other six members of the director
ate will be chosen by Harriman.
Senator Clark stated that the Salt
Lake road will be completed In abo^ut
thirty days from this date. Passen
ger trains will not be run over the line
before some time in« January.
Senator Clark states that he expects
to be re-elected president of the road
at the next meeting.
Senator Clark Names Six of the
Twelve Men Who Will Man
nce New Line.
ANNOUNCES DIRECTORATE
OF SAI/T LAKE RAILROAD
. Fourth race — Hindoo Princess, Rlp-
I>er, Brennus.
Fifth race— Bab, El PHoto, Ro
mainc.
Sixth race — Elliott, Telephone,
Dun^annon.
6578 Standard (McAlester) 114
7402 'The Lieutenant (Stover) io<J
«53H Mlstletlde (Boots) 114
0721 Ishtar (Josephs) — fjg
7412 Olympian (Schorr) 119
Fourth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up
Felling. v '
743B Conger (Ellerd) \\t
7433 "Estado (Tanner) **"l0O
7439 Hindoo Princess (Polk) """lO3
7130 Play Ball (Daly) 100
7420 »Anirad (CofTey) - 99
(74S5)»Rlpper (Linton) " 104
7*18 •Isabellita (McNamara) .'!I!l!lOO
7417 'Silurian (Lamasney Bros.) .. "lOO
7»10 ?Glenrlce (Fitzgerald) 104
7336 Volto (Schorr) '"lOO
74.13 Gaucho (Garden City Stable) ... "**1O4
(7436)Brennus (Judge)
Fifth race, seven furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, selling.
7349 Chickadee (Rafour) 105
7430 'Colonel Van (Fountain) ......'.'. 106
.(f42S)*Bab (Cahfll) Jjw
742!) Sol Llchtensteln (Madison) '. 106
7442 'Oscar Tolle (Klunder & Bums)...." 103
7415 HIpponax (Dean) 105
(7424)CaneJo (Ellerd) "**"lO5
7430 •AnvilN(Murray) 102
7141 W. R. Condon (Ez«U) ....;... ""114
7420 El Plloto (Hoag) 10 »
(7403)»The Fretter (O'Rourke) '. "10.I
7441 Ilomalne (Scharetg) 113
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, three
year-olds and up, selling.
(74fl2)Telephone (Smith) 109
7442 Elliott (Daly) i.!.'!.'l21
7410 *Tannhaus«r (Hayes) 93
7440 *Grafter (Blaslngame) .• 103
7420 Dungannon - (Knebelkamp) f 98
7442 Flying Torpedo (Ezell) 107
•Appr-ntlce allowance.
First race — Flaneur, 3Ieisterslnger,
Leash.
Second race — Smithy Kane, Squire
Johnson, Callaghan.
Third race — Bronze Wing, H. L.
Frank, Bay Wonder.
First race, seven furlongrs, four-yekr-olds |
and up, selling. '
7435 *G11 Bias (Shannon) »•
7305 'Watkins Overton (Knebelkamp) . . . . vt
7448 'Penzance (Stover) Jw
7435 'Flaneur (Ulanchl & Co.) ™*
7433 Melsterslnger (Henshall) i () _»
734S Lea?h (Levy) lj»
7435 Sugden (Sturgeon) l«*>
74l;{ *Dr. Shorb (McNames) J 00
7441 'Reeves (Lamasney Bros.) 100
t3C0O)The Forum (Miller) J" 1 '
7428 Lady Kent (Wellman) 103
7415 Miss Culver (Von Bokkelen) 100
Second race, five furlongs, purse, two-year
old colts and geldings.
(7414)Edrodun (Ljujoria & Forbes) 107
....Callaghan (Xealon) HO
7414 Baker (McAlester) .10*
7432 Robert Mitchell (Summers) 104
Ara (Wilson) 110
.... Golden Buck (Manuel) 101
7414 And varia (Knapp) ...104
....Fisher Boy (Fitzgerald) H*>
7414L41Utus (Hackett) 103
i ....Forerunner (Hoots) HO
Down Patrick (Ryan) 104
7432 Phalanx (Moormead Farm) '..101
(7432jSqulre Johnson (Mills) HO
.... Royal lied (Murray) 107
....Smithy Kane (Hall & Co.) 101
Third race, five and a half f urlonKS, three
year-olds and up, selling. '
7437 'Bronze Wing (Fountain) ............111
7441 Cerro Santa (JoneB) 124
6188 »Bay Wonder (Wllkerson) 1U
C2S5Klng Dellls (Tate) 110
Ponapa (Smith) .....114
(7344)Kedan (Krobel) 124
....Flaunt (Uyan) 116
<6644)»H. L. Frank (Cameron) 100
7441 Revolt (Ruiz) 110
Damaged Ship Reaches Port.
SEATTLE. Nov. 21. — The steamship
Farallon arrived in port this morning
from Skagway with part of the port
and starboard rail carried away. The
vessel encountered one of the most se
vere storms in years en route south.
Part of the vessel's deck cargo was
also washed overboard. The steam
ships Cottage City and Humboldt -were
in the same gales.
Toledo is owned by Edwin Gaylord,
the wealthy Denver horseman, who is
expected here shortly to book. Last
year Messrs. Gaylord & Rlley made
one of the biggest books in the ring
at Oakland.
Following are the weights for the
Thanksgiving handicap, $2000 added, to
be run November 24, at a mile and a
furlong:
I>alnty 125IBarklylte 105
Claud* 123Ishtar .....105
Gold Money ..119;Veterano ..105
Fossil lUiAchllles ...... ..! 105
Elliott 113 Colonel Anderson.. .105
Martlnmat 112 Greenock ...105
Vesuvian ..1120ro Viva 103
pa'vay Hl'Ananlas 105
Modicum lOSrilue Kyea 105
E ell i w _2 a11 IPS | Suburban Queen ..105
Horatlus 108 BacreJua 103
Arcade *...10« Mention 101
Albula ...HMtlPadua < 101
Kenllworth .KVJjLlttle Wally '.'."." .\\'l 00
£*'«* G- ..106!Lella loo
D» v 'n* ••• lOSIOcyrohe ...IlOO
Eft ?* T »^ ed0 ••• 103 Captain Forse« ...100
Military Man .....105 Telephone ; 100
George Bowman, a New York pencil
er, is a fresh arrival and may cut In
before the season ages.
W. J. Arkell of New York; a great
fancier of the thoroughbreds, was a
visitor at the track.
C. H. Pettengill, associate judge at
Oakland, arrived from New York on
Saturday and assumed his duties yes
terday.
Larry Curtis, an extensive turf op
erator from Chicago, is here.
Colonel "Butch" Fisher, who disposed
of his horses at auction last Saturday,
had 5200 down on Toledo at 7 to 1.
Butch, it i3 said, will shortly make his
debut as a bookmaker.
Gil Curry thought so well of the
game here last winter that he is back
again with a couple of horses. Two
days before the Worth meeting closed
Gil says he was lucky enough to lose
Carat, the best bread winner of his
string. The gelding broke a leg dur
ing the progress of a race and had to
be destroyed.
Superintendent Bill Fieldwick was
about yesterday for the first time in
a couple of weeks. The injury to his
leg is progressing favorably.
Johnny Coleman, who booked on the
Eastern tracks all season, tried the
game from the ground. Johnny got in
Sunday evening from New- York.
Frank Prior, who rode for "Boots"
Durnell all season on the Chicago
tracks, mixed with the paddock crowd.
He will ride at Los Angeles this win
ter.
The Antrim Stock Farm yearlings
will be sold at the Occidental Horse
Exchange to-night. They are pro
nounced a fine looking bunch by ex
perts.
TRACK NOTES.
"Big Bill" Knapp is hard to catch.
He was there on two winners yester
day.
LARGE FIELDS TO-DAY
AND PROBABLE WINNERS
Whipped b> Young Peter Jackson.
LONDON. Nov. 21. — In a fifteen
rr-und match for J1000 at Whitechapel
to-night Young Peter Jackson beat
Charley Allum of London in the sixth
*-.-., ..,.1
Fresno Colored Man Kills Pair, -Who
Failed to Heed Ills Re
peated Warnings.
FRESNO, Nov. 21. — Mrs. Annie Bfg
ley and V. A. King were killed last
night after the Baptist church service
by James C. Bigley, the woman's hus
band. Jealousy caused the crime. All
concerned are negroes.
It is stated that a tragedy had been
expected for weeks, the Bigleys having
separated and the husband having
varned King on various occasions to
ctase keeping company with his wife.
JEALOUS NEGRO SLAYS
WIFE AND COMPANION
Captain Day reported that shortly
before daybreak on Sunday night, No
vember 13, during a territic gale,
rockets were sighted 220 miles east of
the Bermudas. The rockets were an
swererd by the Aros Castle and the
steamship's course was changed in the
direction of the rockets. The sea was
running so high that the steamship
could not safely go near the distressed
vessel and she lay waiting for day
light. , .. ,
After daybreak it was learned that
the distressed vessel was the Tafalla,
995 tons, Captain S. Roig, with a cargo
of pitch pine from Brunswick. Ga., for
Valencia. The storm was so great that
no small boat could be sent to the as
sistance of the Tafalla and Captain
Roig hoisted the following signal:
"Leaking six inches an hour. Main
pump broken and smaller pump
clogged. Men worn out."
Captain Day signaled that he would
lay by until the storm abated. Toward
noon, however, the captain of the Brit
ish steamship shot a line to the bark.
A hawser was fastened to the bark and
slow progress was made in the tur
bulent sea. Late in the afternoon the
hawser snapped and the Spanish vessel
again drifted helplessly, with water
gaining in the hold. Night came and
Captain Day stood by until morning.
With daylight on Monday it was
seen that the bark was lower in the
water but the British crew could do
nothing until the sea became calmer
because the only hawser on the vessel
was the one that had broken. Monday
night the vessels were still together
and the rockets and flare lights were
kept going. After 4 a. m. Tuesday the
crew of the Aros Castle saw no more
rockets and all was darkness.
When daylight came not a sign of
the Spanish bark could be seen on the
ocean and it is the belief of the British
crew that the vessel was ripped open
by the tremendous waves and went
down with all hands on board.
The Tafalla. which formerly carried
the name of the Ammlna, was built in
1877.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 21. — The
British steamship Aros Castle, Captain
Day, fifty-seven days out from Java
with a cargo of sugar, arrived at this
port to-day and reported the probable
foundering on November 15 of the
Spanish bark Tafalla. with her crew of
fifteen men. during the recent southern
storm. The steamship stood by the
sinking bark for two days and on the
second night the Spanish vessel disap
peared. The condition of the Tafalla
when the crew of the Aros Castle last
saw the vessel was such as to lead
them to believe that the bark went
down during the night.
Woman Breaks Shootins: Record.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 21. — By breaking
967 two and a quarter-inch composi
tion disks out of a possible 1000 from
a twenty-five-foot rise at the World's
Fair to-day Mrs. A. Topperwein estab
lished a woman's world's record for
free shooting. The shooting took one
hour and forty minutes.
Sea Swallows Spanish Ship
and Fifteen Men -Af ter
Heroic Battle With the
Storm Near the Bermudas
This completed programme declar
ing the necessity of the participation
of the people in the Government was
signed by 102 Zemstvo Presidents, in
cluding thirty presidents of provincial
Zemstvo committees out of thirty-two
who attended the meeting.
This document, setting forth the
necessity of reform, is all the more
striking and impressive because the
Zemstvo presidents who signed it.
while elected by Zemstvo organiza
tions, are confirmed by the Govern
ment. The signatories also included
five marshals of the nobility, the elec
tions to whiclv offices are also con
firmed by the Government.
The memorial will be presented
within a couple of days to the Min
ister of the Interior, Prince Sviato
polk-Mirsky.
The meeting to-day also adopted a
declaration in favo* of granting gen
eral amnesty to political offenders
imprisoned or exiled by administrative
order.
The foregoing is the final form of
the declaration of the Zemstvo repre
sentatives in favor of the election of
a body, not merely to participate in
legislation, as at first reported, but to
be trusted with the framing of the
laws of the empire.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 21. — "In
order to secure the proper develop
ment of the life of the state and the
people it is imperatively necessary
that there be regular participation of
national representatives, sitting as an
especially elected body to make laws,
regulate the revenues and expendi
tures and ccntrol the legality of the
actions of the administration-**
Zemstvo Representatives
Take Extreme Stand in
Their Appeal to the Czar
Spike Robinson, an English Feather
weight, Knocks Out .Toe Adler
in New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Spike Rob
inson of London, an English feather
weight fought nine rounds this after
noon with Joe Afller. the Ghetto
featherweight of South Brooklyn, in
the rear of a saloon near Twenty
ninth street, on the West S!de. Rob
inson knocked Adler out in the ninth
round, breaking his nose and l^ing
him in such a state that it took ten
minutes to bring him to conscious
re«s Nearlv a hundred men promi
nent in the world of sport were pres-
On October 2S last Danny Duane, a
local lightweight, was scheduled to
fight Jack Lovejoy to a finish in pri
vate Lovejoy did not appear and
Robinson, it is said, took his place.
He was knocked out. One of his crit
ics at the ring side was Adler, it is
claimed by those familiar with the
matter. Robinson met Adler to-day
and as a result of their conversation
friends arranged a meeting in the
ring, which took place several hours
Those who witnessed the match 6ay
it was furious from the start and at
the end of the eighth round the men
were in a condition which induced
those at the ringside to call for a de
cision. Both fighters protested. The
ninth round had scarcely started when
a terrific blow sent Adler down under
the ropes. No arrests were made.
XEW. YORK, Nov. 21. — At the an
nual meeting of the Amateur Athletic
Union in this city to-day the following
officers were elected for the ensuing
year: President, James B. Maccabe of
the New England Association; secre
tary-treasurer. James E. Sullivan of
the Metropolitan Association. The
treasurer's report showed the union to
be in a prosperous condition.
The Pacific Association was. repre
sented by Herbert Hauser and W. E.
A. Woods. Hauser was elected a
member of the board of governors.
Maccabe of the New England As
sociation Made President
of the Body.
BARK GOES
DOWN WITH
ITS CREW
PUGILISTS IN FIERCE FIGHT
IN THE REAR OF A SALOON
AMATEUR ATHLETIC UNION
SELECTS NEW OFFICERS
DEMAND SHARE
IN LAW MAKING
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 21.— "Battling"
Nelson is still grinding away at "Smil
ing" Metzner's tavern for hi3 coming
battle with Young: Corbett. The Dane
Is in fine condition now and within
striking distance of the weight, but
he still continues to work unceasingly.
He arose at daylight this morning,
ate a light breakfast and then climbed
Mount Tamalpals in search of small
game. This afternoon he spent an
hour In the gymnasium, going through
his usual stunts, and then took on
Frank Rafael, Eddie Santry and
"Stockings" Kelly for four rounds
each. The bouts were all fast and
furious. Kelly is a Chicago -welter
weight.
Corbett's Opponent Is But Uttle Above
Fighting Weight.
"Big Bill" Knapp captured the final
mile selling number with Byronerdale,
the 3 to 2 favorite. He slipped his
company at the start, and. though kept
busy the last part of the race, was
nearly two length in advance of Allo
path crossing the line at the judges'
stand. The show went to Evea G.
To make sure that Andrew B. Cook
would* not act as guide for Honiton
again, "Packey" Ryan engaged Eugene
Hildebrand to pilot his fast mare in the
six and a half furlong run at Oakland
yesterday. This was too much for the
owners of Cook, for they sidestepped
the issue by scratching the "bush"
sprinter. This action deprived the event
of all interest and Honiton was held at
odds of 1 to 6 in the books. The mare
won laughing and Royal Rogue got the
place, just as they figured in the bet
ting. Vesuvian finished third.
There was plenty of' business in the
ring, but the layers did not benefit by
the quick sales, as Toledo Was the one
horse to break the slate. But for his
free open-air exhibit the favorites
would have scored a sweep. The attend
ance was large and the track in excel
lent condition.
If ready, the introductory selling
sprint looked like a set-up for Moco
rito. Everything pointed to the fact
that the old mare was ready, as she
closed an 11' to 10 favorite. Back in the
bunch at the start, Holbrook perse
vered with her, and picking his way in
the run home with good judgment beat
Scotsman half a length. Edinborough,
the pacemaker, finished a fair third.
Estella J, from the stable of Walter
Jennings, scored a very lucky win In
the five-furlong scramble, for two-year
old fillies. The daughter of Goldcrest
had evidently pleased the railbirds dur
ing the early forenoon hours, for she
was installed a 6 to 5 favorite. W. Da
vis, who had the mount, seemed slow
in getting away from the barrier, and
with Hildebrand oft* sailing on Meada it
looked very bright for the black filly.
Even when down within easy hailing
distance of the stand Meada looked a
sure winner, and then it was that Hil
debrand apparently grew careless. He
eased up a trifle, and Davis, coming
through on the inside with the favorite,
led him out a short head. Gallant Cas
sie, a 20 to 1 shot, finished a bang-up
third, beaten less than a length.
Mickey McLaughlin, the "Kerry
Patch Kid," with Glendenning under
him, spreadeagled his field in the third,
an all aee dash at five furlongs. The
chestnut sprinter came out after a long
season of rest at the seashore, and
made a cat-hop of it. Sir Preston, a
6 to 1 chance, was the runner up from
the jump and in a drive disposed of
Clausus for the place. Hildebrand pilot
ed the latter horse.
A mile and a furlong purse event
followed, and Divina had the honor of
being installed favorite. She not only
failed to finish among the first three-,
but swerved in at the start, practically
ruining the chances of Ink and Colonel
Anderson. "Big Bill" Knapp astride
the 7 to 1 shot, Toledo, slipped away
in the lead and was not caught. Mickey
McLaughlin on G. W. Trahern was the
contender throughout, taking the place
from Ink, with something up his jacket
sleeve. Hildebrand could extract no
speed from the carcass of Colonel An
derson.
NELSON* IN FINE TRIM.
BY F. E. MULIIOLIiAND.
Toledo, at Odds of 7 to I, Is
the Surprise in the Dis
tance Event.
The club has finally given up hope
to match Britt with Corbett. Corbett
insists on the same weight as when he
foucht Britt a year ago. but Britt re
fuses to make the- weight. He wants
132 pounds ringside or no fight. The
club managers do not care to take any
chances of losing a match with Gar
diner, as they believe it will be a strong
card. Gardiner is a boxer who was
comparatively unknown until a year or
so ago. He has defeated some of the
best lightweights in the country so de
cisively that shrewd judges picked him
to lower the colors of Champion Joe
Gans.
A telegTam from Denver says that
Gardiner left' there last night to ar
range details for a match with Britt.
The managers of the Yosemite Club
wired Sam Harris, manager of "Terry"
McGovern, asking him If he would
match his boy with Britt at 132 pounds
The Yosemite CJub will probably
match Britt and Jimmy Gardiner of
Boston to box in December. All that
remains to make the match is Gardin
er's consent to weigh either 135
pounds ringside or 133 pounds at 6
o'clock. He has agreed to 133 pounds
at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the bat
tle.
ringside. No answer has been received,
but it is unlikely that Harri3 will agree
to this weight.
Young Corbett is putting In hi3 hard
licks at training these days. Yesterday
he spent a strenuous day on the road
and in the gymnasium. At the conclu
sion of his work Corbett remarked that
he felt several pounds lighter.
"That some • of the dogs were
•doped,' " said Prandenstein, "appears
to have been proved, but the responsi
bility v.as not placed at the door of
DOGS WERE "DOPED."
The Board cf Supervisors yesterday
by a vote of 10 to 4 defeated the pro
posed ordinance repealing an existing
ordinance which at present legalizes
:he selling of pools or making of
wagers on races between dogs within
the inclosure of the coursing park. The
ir.ajortty of the Joint Committee on
Folic- and Judiciary had recommend
ed the passage cf the bill in order to
close Ingleside Coursing Park, the
< onduct of which had been under flre
in a public investigation.
A petition was read signed by prop
erty owners and residents in the vi
cinity of Ingleside Courting Park ask
ing that the park be closed on the al
leged ground that it is a nuisance,
several women addressed the board,
raying that disgraceful scenes were
enacted ainor.g drunken patrons of
?he coursing park. The women made
earnest pleas that the park be closed.
Comte argued that the ordinance
should be passed in view of the evi
dence that dis ousting scenes were wit
r.^ssed and that women were allowed
t<> gamble on the races, aside from
any testimony that the dogs have been
•doped."
Brandenstein held that the park
rhould not be closed on the evidence
adduced in the hearing before the com
mittee.
The board finally passed the amend
ed ordinance to insure the conviction
of any one selling pools on horse races
outside of the inclosure of the race
track. The ordinance makes it un
lawful to make bets on races purport
ed or understood to be run, it having
been culed by the Police Judges that
under the old ordinance proof must be
adduced that the rate was actually
run. which, in the case of Eastern
races, was impossible to do. The or
dinance is aimed at cigar stores, sa
loons and barber "shops that make
handbooks on races.
The Bay City Club was granted a
permit for a^i amateur boxing exhibi
tion on November 25, 1904.
the management. I trust, however,
that the charges, are serious
will be pressed, but would advise that
the proceedings be carried on Just as in
a court of justice. There has been no
showing to warrant our rescission of
our original action in {.'ranting the per
mit for the coursing park by legaliz
ing the betting for a limited period
\i ithin the track inclosure. t
Braunhart said that if the- scenes
carried on were as represented the Po
lice Department was to blame.
The vote by which the repealing or
dinance was defeated follows:
Ayes — Alpers. Booth, Boxton.
Comte — I. '
Xoes— Bent, Brandenstein. Braun
hart, D'Ancona, Eggers, McClelland,
Payot, Rea, Rock, Sanderson— 10.
Excused— Hocks, Lunstedt— 2.
Absent— Connor, Finn— 2. m
TO STOP POOIi-SELLIXG.
Board of Supervisors Decline to
Interfere With the Game.
Davis, With Estella J, Nips
Meada a Scant Head on
the Wire.
Boston Boxer Is Coming
'Here— Gorbett Work
, ing for His Fight.
Dogs Will Continue to Run
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Mare Rules an Odds On Choice in the Betting
REFUSES TO CLOSE
INGLESIDE PARK
HILDEBRAND PILOTS HONITON
AND WINS IN A ROMP.
YOSEMITE CLUB WILL
LIKELY MATCH BRITT
AND JIMMY GARDNER
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL,' TUESDAY, . NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
FAVORITES AT OAKLAND TRACK NEARLY SWEEP THE BOARD
10
ADVEllTISE^LEyTS.
In the fall of 1 895 1-contracted that fear-
ful disease, Blood Poison. It gained such
headway that I was forced to resign my
position and seek relief at Hot Springs.
After spending all the means I had I went
to Memphis. In less than three weeks I
was in a hospital, and after nine weeks of
suffering I was discharged as^ cured. In
less than a month every Done in my body
seemed to be affected and felt as if they
would break at the least exertion. Again
I was compelled to resign, and I returned
to the hospital for a seven weeks stay.
When I came out I was advised to try
farming. When I first went on the farm I
prevailed on the only firm who handled
drugs to get me one dozen bottles of S. S.
S. At that time both of my hands were
broken put with blisters and I was covered
?eith boils and sores. In the meantime my
druggist had gotten two dozen bottles of
S. S. S. for me and I began its use, and
after taking the thirteenth bottle not a
sore or boil was visible. R. B. Powetx.
East 9th St., Little Rock, Ark.
Of all human diseases, Contagious Blood
Poison is the most hideous and hateful.
The victim is tortured with eating ulcers,
sores and abscesses, unsightly blotches,
eruptions and other symptoms of the mis-
erable disease. S. S. S. has been used
successfully for nearly fifty years for
SJttRtk J0S^ Contagious Blood
H l Hf ' tains no mercury,
\gjk mineral. Our home
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
Q Q
® ¦» • *C* • ' \tt iVi 9
I "It Makes Me Feel I
I Like a New Man" I
S I "WANT TO TALK TO MEN WHO -HAVE PAINS AND ACHES, WHO •
]i 1 feol run down physically, who realize that the old "flre" and energy 9
X which was so evident in youth Is absent now; men who can't stand the •
X amount of exertion they could years ago. I want you — if that mean* ©
9 you— to see what I have done for others who were Just as bad off. That's 9
9 ray Introduction.- If- a friend In whom you had confidence presented some a
© one to you and said. "Jack. - here's Brown; he has made srood with me, and Z
9 I trust him." wouldn't you trust h!m. too? X
q Mr. H. A. LehndoHT, proprietor ot the Krrnnndo Hotel, Fernando, Cat., a man S
X known to thousand*- of Callforni&na. a O. A. R. veteran, sars that mr Belt cured **
J? him of Rheumatism, and that he will praise It for all time as the grandest remedy <B
• known fcr that trouble: " ' 9
9 VLr. W. F. Quite. Cedar-rill*. Cal., writes, March 10: "Tour Belt cur»a tne after 9
O X bad rpeet $1000 In - useless doctoring." q
9 I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings of <t
0 years in useless doctoring. X
O My Belt In easy to u«e; put It on when - you go to bed; you feel the ,
2 rlowlsR heat from It (no sting or burn, as in old style belts), and you S
X. feel the nerves tingle with the new life flowing into them. You get up Z
2 in the morning feeling like a two-year-old. *!*
2 An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 31. 4?
X That shows It renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheumatism, Sciatic 2
© Pains, L<umbaco. Kidney Trouble. Banishes pain 1 in a night, never to *
• return. ®
9 Mr. A. C. Hammond, SSQ Pine street. San Francleeo, rays, March 20: "At the V
q agc of* 75 your Belt has cared me of general weakness and kidney trouble." Q
O What ails you? Write and tell me, and no matter where you are I 9
O think I can give you the address of some one in your town that I havt. 9
2 cured I've cured thousands and every man of them is a walking ad- Q
a rertlseinent for my Belt. ,^
/% Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a phyal- (%
a clan free. ' I fctive you all that any medical man can give, and a lot that Z
2 te can't. Try. my Belt • J
2 rrr>cC3 RnnW Write me to-day for my beautiful Illustrated 0
2 rrCtltl DWI* book, with cuts showing how my Belt Is applied. 2
w full of good reading matter 4 for men who want to be "The Noblest work 2
<¦ of God" A MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book, sealed, free. :
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, ™ !"£?*£. |TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Picture Frames.
I An immense variety of mouldings for
framing pictures to order; also ready
1 made frames In all the new shapes and
every tint and color of mat board and
binding paper made. Sanborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. '*•,
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgraphic Ofnce, L. S. N.. Mer
chant*" Exchang*. tan Francisco. CaL.
November 21, 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e at noon of the "120th meridian, or at 8
d m Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In charge.
I,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
j at Fort Point, entrance to ban Franrisco
Bay. Published by official authority uf,the
Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
: the city front <Misslon-stre«t wharf) about 23
i minutes later than at Fort Point: the he. ft s ;
I of tide is the same at both places.
j ; TUESDAY. NOVEMBER ~T2. ~~
j Sun rises ' 6:57
t Sun sets 4:55
! Moon rises (full) 0:(H> p. m.
V jTime! |Tlme| ITirael Time!
II » I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
'1? L W| !H W| IL W H W|
..-><» I 4:07! 2.3110:20; 5.61 5:05—0.2 |
!"" [H W| IL W |H W L W
Si 0:0*1 4.:jj 4:42[ 2.« 10:."»0 ».C 5:43 — 0.3
"t 0:32| 4.."i' 5:21i 2.7111:24 5.8|6:25— O.8
"3 l:3«! .1.5: C:05| 2.S ! 12:07 5.»: 7:C9|— O.B
"6 I O '25! 4.51 6:561 3.0112:321 5.4| 7:53| — 0.4
27 I 3:121 4. til 7:541 3.1| l:ic| 5.2j 8:481—0.2
! NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
1 day in the order of occurrence as to time: tha
; fourth time column gives the last tide of the
'¦ .lay except when there are but three tides, as
! «ornetlmes occurs. The heights given are In
S addition to the soundings of the United States
'¦ Coast Survey Charts; except when a minus ( — )
! sign precedes the height, and then the number
("given is subtracted from the, depth given by
i the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
; of the lower low waters.
! Steamer. j f r< » m - I D«-
I Chas. Nelson. '. San Pedro ! Ncv. 22
(Elizabeth ' Coquille River Nov. 22
IG Llndauer.. j Grays Harbor Nov. 22
Empire Coos Cay INov. 22
VV Kruger... . : Humbolrit Nov. 22
Co'ronado jGrays Harbor Nov. 22
j ean i e 'Seattle & Tacoma Nov. S3
Newburg 'Grays Harbor [Nov. 22
I Northland [Portland & Astoria ;Nov. :2
j Chlco Coquille River INov. 22
North Fork... Humboldt [Nov. 12
p omo Point Arena & Albion. INov. 22
City Puebla.-- Puget S;und Ports jNov. 22
i Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. .JNov. 22
| Pomona Humboldt Nov. 22
' Eureka Humboldt Nov. 22
Homer Grays Harbor Nov/ 22
1 Mackinaw. . . - Tacorna jNov. 23
I coos Bay Sa n Pedro ez Way Pts.JNov. 2*
Point Arena.. Mcndoclno & Pt. Arena Nov. 24.
¦ Santa Rca... Ssn Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 24
i ArR0 Eel River Ports Nov. 21
South Bay.... Grays Harbor jNov. 24
'Norwood San Pedro !Nov. 21
Corona Humboldt |Nov..25
Menes -• Hamburg & Way Pts. Nov. 25
G W Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 25
San Juan I w York via. Ancon. . Nov. 25
Korea I-China & Japan | Nov. 25
S Barbara 1 Grays Harbor |x ov . 25
:<} Dollar Grays Harbor Nov. 26
Merrphls. .... Seattle x O v. 26
Arcata.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 27
Curacao. ..-.-Mexican Ports Nov. 27
' Umatilla. Puget Sound Ports 'Nov. 27
i Alliance ..'Portland & Way Pcrts.jNov. 27
Arctic j Humboldt INov. 27
Centralia. Grays Harbor ...Nov. 27
Breakwater... Coos Bay JNov. 2S
Bonita i Newport & Way Ports. INov. ?S
State of Cal.. '^n Dtego & Way Pt«.|Nov. 2S
City Sydney.- '| New York via Ancon.. INov. 30
Columbia...* Portland & Astoria !N*>v..3O
Queen Puget Sound Ports ID«c. 2
Gaelic ...|China & Japan ..JD^c. 3
Saxonta.. i Hamburg & Way Ports.'Dec. 3
Ion. from Skagway. Nov 20 — Stmr Cottage
City, from Skagway; Fr bark David d'An-
Jers. from Hamburg.
EUREKA— Arrived Nor 21— Stmr Eureka,
hen.e Nov 19. Outside Nov 21— Stmr Lakrae,
hence Nov 'S. • ..
Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Redondo. for Astoria;
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 21 — Stmr Lakme. hence Nov I*.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 20 — Ger bark
B*rtha. for Port Natal; schr Spokane, for
San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Nov 2! — Stmr
Santa Rosa.., hence Nov 20; stmr Santa Mon
ica, from Redondo.
Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Santa Ko*a. for San
Pieso and way porte; stmr Santa Monica, for
San Framieco.
Sailed Nov 21— Etmr Coos Bay, for San
Pedro.
COOS BAY— Barbound Nov 21— Stmr Em
pire.'
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Nov 20— Schr Al
bert Meyer, from San Pedro; Ger stmr Mem
phis, from Tacoma.
Sailed Nov 19 — Stmr Shasta, for San Fran
cifco; utrnr Olympic, for San Pedro.
Salted Nov 21;— Ger stmr Memphis, for San
FrancUco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Nov 2l_s cnr
Henry Hall, from s»a (in distress).
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 21 —
Stmr James F. Higgins, from. San Pedro, and
kiIW for Snn Francisco. . j
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 21— Si'V Sadie,
irnrti T'rrriquav River: schr Alice McDonald,
firm Portland: schr Meteor, from Grays Har
bor.
CliAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 2<>— Stmr
ARRIVED.
Monday. November 21.
Etmr Sononr.a. Herriman. 20 days 7 hours .15
ir.inute* from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 1G
hours 25 minutes.
Stir.r State or California. Nicolson, 42 hours
from San Diego and way i<orts. ¦ .
Stmr fan Pedro. Rasmu«sen, 38 hours from
Eac:a Barbara.
Stmr Norwood, Martin, 35 hours from San
Stmr Del Norte. Payne, 38 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Bonita. Preble. K» hours from San
Pedro and w»y port*.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. 46 lioun from
Most«*rey. via Port Harford 12 hours.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 33 hours from
Santa Barbara.
*n:hr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolissc ?*s* • "" ¦¦
Monday, November 21.
Stmr Corona, Oielow, Eureka: P C S S Co.
Stmr Queen. Cousins, Victoria, etc.; P C
S S Cn. - •
Bark Emily F. Whitney. Goodman. Maka
meli; Alexander & Baldwin.
Monday. November 21.
Ftmr Montara. Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr Queen, Cousins. Victoria, and Puget
Sound ocrts.
Stmr San Pedro. Ra«mus«en. Eureka. •
Ptmr National City. Hnmmar. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. Eureka.
Mmr <:rehalls. Johnson. <irays Harbor.
Stmr Gualala, Kalnin. IVlmar Landing.
«trar Mandalay. Smith. Crescent City.
Br eblp Mattcrhorn. Warren. Syrtney.
Sthr Newark, Hanson. Stewarts Point. I
TELEGRAPHIC.-'
POINT T-Onos. Nov. 21, 10 p. m.— Weather ]
j hazy; wind NW; vel^ity 4 miles per hour.
IJO11F.STIC PORTS. |
P«.tRT If A It FOR I>— Sailed Nov 21. 7 a m— ;
! Stmv i:nc* I'.-iy. f'.r San Pedro. I'aajed 10 a
! m— :itmr Cijr.rlee Nelson, Irom San Pedro, for !
J 6an Fra.ni*!*co.
* BBATTUE — Artived Nov 21— Stmr Faral- I
TO ARRIVE.
l\. F. Babroc-k in I)Ntr*v«*
»r.e iintira ship V. . F. Dabccck. bound
fr;m E'^kf>v rcr Bceton. hoi« put Into Bcr-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Returns to Trim Carjjo
The icb/y-r.er Ilrr.rj' K. Hal!, which left
Tort BWtrirr a few da;«s &%¦> for Valparaiso,
returned yesterday to Port Townwnd to trim
rargo. her deckioad havirur shifted during
heavy •wcail.er tr.cour.tTed eff Flattery.
Steamer. f Destination. . I Sails.
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. INov. 22
Dolphin SKaj.way i: Way Ports. INov. 23
Humboldt f-'kagway & Way Ports. INov. 24
Excelsior., .".-i Seldovla & Way Ports. |Dec. 1
One of White Star Line's Finest.
Captain Inrnan Sealby, fCT-rr.erJy commander
cf the «t-cr «- ;. Coptic, and stilt remembered
by a large circle of triend«. has b<*<-n
placed In command of cn« cf the White Star
Line'e newest ar.d larxest liners, the Cretic,
which rur.» between England, Boston and the
Mediterranean. The Critic it a veesel of 13.613
tens reciettr and combines modern facilities
tnt carrylBC asd fcandltr.g freight with Inxu
rtoue provision for the comfort of passengers.
The Cretic is a type of the modern steamship.
*-h# Is epeedy. roomy and comfortable. Since
>av!nc here Captain Sealby has commanded
Kb* Per»ic. Suevle ar.d Corlnthic. ail plying
between Lcndon und the Antirod-s.
Memoranda.
Captain Kindlen of the schooner Mildred,
which arrived here on November 19 from Bel
lingham, reports having been in company with
a four-masted ftarkentlne, painted white, sup
posed to be barkentlne Makaweli, from Tacoma
for Mazatlan, for four day?, from. November 1
to November 5. from Cape Flattery to the
south of Columbia River, where he parted
company; also passed large quantity of new
lumber when coming by Cape Flattery <"» Oc
tober 30 and .'U (Vessel, supposed to be Maka
weli wrecked off Flattery previously reported.)
Stmr Corcna. Captain Glelow, bound to Eu
reka to-day, stopped off the Heads and
launched a boat; vessel made two or three
circles around, picked up her boat and pro
ceeded; cause as yet not known. (Reported by
lookout at Point Lobos.)
STANLEY, Falkland Islands. Oct. 10. — Re
ports of Br ship Sofala, previously Teporfd,
has discharged about 4i;0 tons ot cargo for
retrimmiiiR Repairs will take two months.
BERMUDA. TxNov. 19.— Shin William F.
Babcovk. rrom Port Blakeiey. tor Boston, put
in here in distress, with cargo shifted and rud
der broken.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21. — Stmr Kroonland,
previously roiwrtcd tp havo foundered at sea,
was reoorted th's morning by wireless tele
graph trom Nantucket Lightship.
SEATTLE, Nov. 21. — Stmr Farallon. which
arrived here from Skagway. had port and star
board rails carried away, also part oi deck
cargo; was damaged considerably about deck:
experienced one of the most severe storms in
year? Stmrs Cottage City and Humboldt were
in the same gale, but report no damage.
Movements of Steamers.
RODEN ESTATE.— William H. RodeaT Jr.
yesterday petitioned for letters of adminis
tration upon the estate of his mother. Lily
Irene Roden. who died Intestate- on November
15 leavlnsr property worth more thaa (lO.OOCX.
Thiee children are the heirs at law.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 21—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
r«ratures are reported for the- previous day:
Boston 60-48| New York ..32-44
<"hlcago 49-34J Philadelphia M-4S
Cincinnati «Kl-42;Pltt»buri? 5i»-44 1
Honolulu . 7S-70tSt; Iviuis 54-3* j
Jacksonville 74-5«li Washington &1-32
New Orleans (Hi. 001
SAN FRANCISCO 5S-50
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with these of the same
date last reafon and rainfall in the last twenty
j four hours:
Last This Ijist
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.O2 7.64 11.96 tj
Red Bluff O.ti«» !».5<> 8.03 i
Sacramento (».(*> «.24 :!.54 j
San Francisco O.firt 7.S5 4.4i> |
I Fre?no O.OO B.OS 0.68
Independence ft.0<> i>.47 0.42
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4.^ •>.&)
Los Angeles <>.00 1.13 0.4.'t
San Diego 0.00 O.ltt 0.07
THK COAST RECORD.
= 2 2 C 2 5
. 3 2i§r^^ |j 2.
5 =323 j- = s •=
STATIONS. 2 HIM |R |
, : § S f : §
• Si?- • ;
Baker 29.9fl 62 4« PE Cloudy !7>O
Carson 30. 0O t'td 2rt SW Cloudy .(*)
Eureka 30. 'Yi «I .10 S Cloudy .02
Fresno 30.02 70 a* N Cloudy .00
S. E. Farallon.S0.0rt 6S M NW Cloudy .00 j
FlaK<itafr :Ji>.22 63 10 N Clear .00
Pocatello ."JO. 12 54*84 SE Pt.Cldy .t>0
Independence .30. OS 62 36 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Lcs Angeles ..30.00 S3 5« W Pt.Cl'ly <J0
lit. Tama!pais.3i>.i>4 S« 49 NW Pt.Ody .00
North Head ..29.H2 WJ 44 SE Cloudy .fi«
I Phoenix 2U.8x 80 40 NW Clear .<X)
Point Reyes . .30.00 «1 50 N Cloudy .00
Portland 29.74 «2 64 SW Rain .0«
Red Bluff 30.04 5S 40 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Rcseburg 29. S4 G4 62 EW (Houdy .00
j Sacramento ..30.04 fi2 40 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake 30.14 54 34 NW Clear .00
! Sai« Francisco. 30. W 58 50 NW Pt.Cldy .0i>
S. L. Cblspo-.30.02 74 4S S Ooudy .0O
San Diego 29.9tj S2 OS NW Clear JiO
Seattle . . .' 29. 00 5R 40 SE Rain 1.66
Spokane 29. S2 54 42 SE Cloudy • .10
Tatoosh 29. 4S 4fl 44 SE Rain 2.28
Walla Walla. .29.7*5 6.8 5« S Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnemuca ..3O.C« RS ' 2»J NE Cloudy .CO
i Yuma 29.!)8 SO 4S N Clear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy overlies the
northern half cf the Pacific Coast and vessels
are warned to expect high southeast Kales
I from Cape ilendocino northward. At North
Head, at ths mouth of the Columbia River, a
maximum wind velocity of #»venty-six miles
per hour from the southeast is reported. At
Port Crescent a rainfall of 2.22 inches has
occurred during the past twelve hours.
Southeast stcrm warnings are displayed
j alcng the coast from Eureka northward.
The temperature continues slightly above
th- normal in California.
! Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
[ hours er.dlns midnight November 22:
I Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday, with rain in northern por
tion; fresh southerly winds, high on the coa»t.
southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
I wentUer Tuesday; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday.
I Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un
i settled weather Tuesday, probably rain;- fresh
; southeast winds.
Los Ansrele* and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
frcMi southwest winds.
Sacramento — Cloudy Tuesday, probably rain; '
fresh southeast winds.
Fresno — Cloudy Tuesday, probably rain by
r.isht: fresh east winds, changing tr> southerly.
A. O. MoADIE, District Forecaster.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The otramship City cf Panama bailed Satur
day fcr the Isthmus cf Panama and way ports
with a ee:ieral merchandise cargo, valued at
$tS.(-5-1, to be distributed as follows: For M"x
ico, $17,807; Central America. '$lS,t»t; Pan
ama. $434,3; New York. $2-j,S33; Ecuador. fW7;
England. tZZS; Ireland, $144; Germany, $115.
The followine were, the leading- exports:
To Mexico — iS« gals wtne, 1^ pkgs' fresh,
fruits, 1527 lbs 42 cs tea, 2m cs be-r. IS pk^s
groceries and pnj\ i*ions, 220 pkgs potatoes, W>
pkgs unions, 10 cs salmon, 23 pkgs table prep
arations, 30 cs canned goods. 2OH lba cheese,
273 r'^(?s paste, 2S1 pks» bread, «K<5 lbs raisins,
8<J5 ltxs dried fruit, 10.000 ft lumber. 14 bdls
iron, 10 pes Keel, 12,020 lbs tallow, 249 pkga
ma'.hir.»ry. 26O pes 1 cask s-~w<?r pipe, la pkfrs
nails. fc>:* pkps ironware. 1214 bdls snooks. Vj2
bdls laths. 42 bales paper. 12 bdls wire, C cs
tar. 14 cs boots and shoes, 0776 lbs sclder, S cs
arms ard ammunition.
To Central America— KG bbls flour, 2241 ctls
corn. 63,413 lbs rice. C78 lbs meals, 24*2 lbs
dritd fruit. 940 lbs 5 cs raisin3, 1191 gals •_'•>
cs wine, 122 r*j?s groceries and provisions, S4
gals 1^4 c= whisky. 421 pkgs potatoes. 203 rk*s
onions. 34 cs salmon. 60.S0O lbs salt. 7>2 lbs
hops. 1C8 ci canned Rood*. 51 pals « cs liquors.
11 pkjr? paste. 1433 lbs lard. t>."2 lbs »pic-?«, 15
rkgs fresii fruits. 13,512 lbs tallow, 11 bales
tu-.-£. .'il <"« S tbls lubricating oil. 13 pkgs
dry goeds, 1C0 cs coal oil. 7791 ft hardwood. 3
t.&]t?» leather, Z2 cs turpentine. 40* cs tar, 143
pkj;» j.alnts and oil*, 1C0 bdls car material,
3 bdls 1S6 bars iron. C bars steel. 4 pkgst ma
chinery. 2 ra alcohol. 30 bbls cocoanut oil.
To Panama — 5€0 bbls flour. 1272 gals 6 cs
wine. 20 c» canned eoods. 3S9C lbs rn^ir, 24
cs ralmon, 5 pkss ir.aehinery. "18 pes terra.
cotta piP*. 1O.CS3 ft lumber, 12,<T«/> lbs «!wnt,
10 bal** brooms. 100 rocs roap, 1 tack acid.
To New Tctk — U.4M gals wine. 21,'.MX» Ins
dry hides. 2U0.21S lbs riff lead. 12 cs canned
fruit. 4S pkzs Junk.
To Keuador— 1W> bbls flour. ,
To Engiand — 1120 lbs dried fruit. 640 lbs
raisin*. 20 cr rrape juice. 1 cs honey.
To Irfiand, — 1'.<?>>) lbs dried fruit, S cs grape
juice. 100 lb« raisins, l cs honey.
To G'rrmany— 5 cs canned fruit.
Steamer. | D««tlnation. 1 Sails.j Pier, j
~~ ! Hovember 22. I I '
C. Nelson...' Seattle & Tacoma.j 5 prOjP er 20 j
\V. Kruger. Los A*S*H* Foru.l 1 pmiPier 2
Elizabeth...' Ccqullle River •••-5 P=»f| er » ;
Northland..! Los An*ele» Ports. 11 am Pier ..
I S. Monica.. Grays Harbor...... 4 paftjt 2
i Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier U ,
! Chico Los Angeles Ports. | b pm Pier 2
I Hovemtoer 23. I j
I Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way. .1 9 amiPier 11 j
Columbia.. Astoria &; Portland ,'U am Pier 24 :
I Breakwater Coos Bay direct...! 5 pmiPier 9 !
November 24. I I
Eureka Humboldt 9 amiPier IS i
K. • • ' Humboldt 1:30 p'Pler 9 ,
! G L°ndauer | Grays Harbor I 6 pm Pier 2 !
¦ Jeanle ... Seattle * Tacoma. 5 pra|Pier 20 ;
: i e " o e Pt. Arena * Albion 6 pm;Pler 2 :
1 state of' Cal San Diego * Way. 9 amiPier 11 j
Vorwood •• Grays Harbor J. 5 pm^PIer 2 1
; Homer • Grays Harbor S IPier — |
Homer.... NoTember 2 5. I |
' cpouoia .. WUlapa Harbor [12 mjPier 2i> .
i x- F ork ... Humboldt 9 amjPler 20 j
! *Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 ampler 7
a Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm;Pier 2
v.»-hurr .. Grays Harbor | 4 pm|Pler 10
Corcnadb... Grays Harbor ....| 4 pm;Pier 10 •
November 26. |
Ar ~ 0 Eel River Ports 4 pm|Pier 2
I Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
1 CoDtlc .-- China & Japan 1 pm|Pier 40
' rnv Fuebla Puset Sound Ports. 11 amjPler O
. V-erV. . N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m'pier 4O
! Rainier ..! Seattle & Everett. I 4 pmiPier 20
1 \urelia '....! Astoria & Portland! 5 pm|Pitr 27
| Aureua November 27. I I
' Coos Bay... San Pc<iro & Way. I 9 amiPier 11
•i Corona.!... Humboldt >l:C0p.Pier 9
'¦ g Roea j San Diego & Way. ill am:Pier 9
November 28. I |
! G W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 2*
November 30. I !
i G. Dollar Grays Harbor | 4 pm'Pler 10
¦< Alliance Eureka &. Coos B.| 5 pmiPier 16
I December 1. ! j
Ponoma 'Sydney & Way Pts.l 2 pra'Pier 11
' Umatilla . . . ' Pugct Sound Ports. |U amjPier 9
Memphis... ! Hamburg & Way.|12 miPier 19
Additional Car^o.
Several manifests wfre fHod at the Custom
house yesu-rday, representing additions to the
cargo of the steamer Manchuria, whirh sailed
! «n Saturday for Lh» Orient. The additional
car*fr> unsifted of 2."« pkgs machinery. l«i pkgs
machinists' tools and 1 cs dry soods. valued
at $!<».-.». for Japan; 2 cs printed matter, val
ued at $100. for Manila, and 1 cs missionary
I goods, valued at $25. for China.
•
Shipments for New York
The steamship Califoraian, which sailed on '
Sunday for New York, carried the following ''¦
merchandise at, carpo from this port : 4T.247 rs
100 bbls falnon. Ta& ca canned fruit. T475 bbls
wine, 4IET7 sks beans. C5 cr mineral water. 20
pkKS syrup. 121 balo? roots. 513 sks cascara,
?5*U pics lead, i?j!*J bbls asphaltum, 3 cs tin
foil. IS rkgs ivory. 13oo p^Ss steel, 4 bal^s
leather. 22 pkjts paper. 18 bbls ink. 3 cs tin
foil, 00 tens tone black. 1*0 pkgs Junk, 6 cs
books. 1 launch and fittings.
The steamer also carried "7.75rt rs canned
Minor. 16.795 sks flour and IO.TiOO pigs lead,
ronyigntd to New York and laden on Puget
Sound.
Weather Report.
I'o Sail in Ballast
The FY"nch hark La Rochefoucauld fon Puget
Sound) will leave in ballast for Sydney for or
ders and the British shii> Achnashie proceeds
from here to tte same port in ballast.
FINE WHIT*? STAR STEAMSHIP
CRET1C. CAPTAIN INMAN SEAL
. BY'S NEW COMMAND.
sation between himself and the pris^
oner.
"After she had asked me if I was a
policeman," said the witness, 'she said:
'Caesar Young was a married man and
he and I were lovers. He waa going.
away, and we might never see each
other again.' She then asked me If
Caesar Young waa dead, and when I
replied that he was she said: 'I don't
want to live now. Why should he kill
himself? He had everything to live
for.* "
"Did she 3ay anything else while you
were in the cab with her?"
"Ye«; she asked me if I had struck
Young on the head. I asked her, 'Why
should I do that?* ami she replied. 'To
kill him.' "
"MORGY" SMITH STARTLED.
Quinn said that Misa Patterson faint
ed several times in the station-house.
She was very nervous and asked hira
to kill her. saying that she had nothing
to live for. now that Caesar was dead..
"When J. Morgan Smith came to the
station-house." said the witness, "and
the defendant told him that Caesar waa
dead he seemed to be stupefied at the
new3." . '
Quinn said Miss Patterson told him
she was looking out of the cab when
Young shot himself. At thl3 point the
court adjourned until 10:30 o'clock to
morrow morning.
During the trial two skeletons, one
of a man and the other of a woman,
will be brought into .court to be used
in demonstrating the theory of the law
yers. One of the skeletons will be used
by the prosecution and the other by the
defense.
introduce you to persons who visit the race
track and all night Tenderloin cafes and pat
roniz* the roving cabman. Young came to
this country fourteen years ago from England
and from that tline he waa always on the go.
from race track to race track, always making
money. He possessed, traits that a man ousht
not to be proud of. but he had oth^r tra.it-*
that will recommend him to you. He was a
fair gambler, who gave honest odds and never
"welched." He was a maa of prepossessing
app«aranc«, with a frank face and pleasing
eye.
He was singularly susceptible to the charms
of women and it was easy for a woman to
work her way intr> his affections. After meet
ing the woman who then called herself "Nan"
Randolpli. r.o matter where races wer» won
and- books were made. Young and -'Nan" were
to be found there together.
In March. 19O1, in hia sane senses, at his
wife's pleading. Young decided to shake
"Nan" Patterson. She was given f.S0O to leave
him. I am compelled to show the relation
that existed between Young ar.d this woman.
This evidence' will not be milk for babies,
therefore let us be strong enough to face the
truth, though we would far rather turn asi.ie.
PURCHASE OF REVOLVER.
Rand detailed the movements of Miss
Patterson and Young, declaring that
notwithstanding the money which was
given her as an inducement to leave
"Nan" said she had a better claim on
Young than any other woman and re
fused to give him ud.
Rand described Young's movements
or. June 3, which he spent with his wife.
He declared that on June 3 J. Morgan
Smith, the prisoner's brother-in-law,
accompanied by a woman, purchased a
revolver at Hiram Steam's pawnshop.
Rand continue^*.
The same night "Nan" and Young met, and
went to Flannery's saloon, where th?y re
mained until r» o'clock the next morning.
During the night there were, a series of scenes
between Young and the woman. When he told
her that he was going away she replied that
he could hot. and that he could not hide him
self oa any ocean liner.
The next morning Younc met "Nan" and
they drove down town together in the hansom
cab in which the tragedy occurred. After the
shooting the revolver, bought on the previous
evening at the pawnshop, was found in the
dead man's right hand coat pocket.
I r.m soinir o call every one 1 know that
knows anythlne about this case. I am not
Koiny to produce J. Morgan Smith, because he
has left the Stat?. After the purchase of the
revolver he waa seen quarreling with "Nan"
Patterson near the Sixth-avenue pawnshop.
Ke wes heard to sav to her "You must do
it." and she replied. "I will not." Than Smith
slappfU his sister-in-law's face and pushed her
into the cab and sent her home. The witnesse3
we have to get are persons who saw the things
we expect to Drove.
FIRST WITNESS CALLED.
The first witness presented by the
prosecution. Harold M. Cole, a pho
tographer, brought forth an objection
from the defense. Attorney Levy
claimed that no photographs or dla-
Krams should be introduced as evidence
inasmuch as the exact spot where the
shooting occurred was not known.
The objection of the defense waa ulti
mately withdrawn and Cole Identified a
set of seven photographic views of that
portion of West Broadway, where the
shooting: occurred.
A diagram of the cab in which Young
and Miss Patterson were riding at the
time of the shooting was admitted as
evidence.
The first witness to- be called from
among those who were in the vicinity
of the cab where Young was shot was
William J- Junior, a policeman. He
saw the hansom coming up West
Itfbadway when it was about fifty feet
from where he stood. He could see
but one of the occupants. Misa Patter
son. His attention had been called to
a commotion in the cab by a citizen,
and as the vehicle drew up he ordered
the driver to stop. As he climbed up
on the step he saw a man whose body
had been concealed by the closed door.
The man was unconscious. Miss Pat
terson to!d him that her companion
had shot himself, and he ordered the
cabman to drive to a hospital. In the
meantime he had. found a revolver in
the right hand pocket of Young's coat.
The witness then identified a revolver
as the one he had found and it was
admitted in evidence. Junior said he
arrested Miss Patterson at the hospital.
??N'AN" WAS HYSTKRICAI-
On cross-examination Junior said thai
when he reached the cab Young's head
was lying in Miss Patterson's" lap. His
left arm was around her shoulder. JIis3
Patterson was hysterical and was cry
ing:
"Oh. Caesar, what have you clone?"
"Did she say anything else?" asked
Levy.
"Yes: she told me he had said to her,
'You may not see me agafrj.' "
Edward Joseph Quinn. the detective
who accompanied Miss Patterson from
the hospital to the Tombs just after
she had been crrested, told of a conver-
Matters of Interest to Mariners, and
Shipping Merchants.
The ship Gr«-at Admiral is chartered for lum
ber from Pvget Sound to a direct South African
port.
Melville Dollar, hence Nov IT. Ther^ are 12 !
vessels and 3 steamers outward bound bar
bound.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco. i
Arrived oft port Nov 20 — Ptmr Marshft>ld,
from San Diegro, and satled Nov 21 for Eu
reka.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLfLU— Sailed Nov 21— Br stmr Mio
wpra. for Brisbane.
Arrived Nov 21 — Stmr Nevadan. hence Nov
13.
HOXOIPU— Sailed Nov 7— Schr Omega, for j
South Bend. W .
EI.EELE— Sailed Nov &— Bktn Encore, for
South Bend.
MANILA— Sailed Nov 15— U S stmr Sheri
dan, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BERMUDA— Arrived Nov 19— Shin William j
F. Babcock. from Port Blakeley, for Boston '
(in distress).
LONDON— Arrived Nov 19— Ger etmr Luxur, |
hence July 16.
MAP.SEILLES — Arrived Nov 17— Br stmr j
Vulcan, from Manila.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 19— Spaa stmr
Isla de Panay. for Manila. • ¦
NEWCASTLE. AL'S. — Arrived prior Nov
19 — Schr Rosamond, hence Sept 6. %
Arrived Nov 20 — Ship Emily Reed, from Ad
elaide. . \
Sailed Oct 23 — Bktn T. P. Emigh, for Hon
olulu.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Nov 10 — Ger etmr
Ramses, hence Aug 12.
ADEN— Arrived Nov 20— Br stmr Indra
samha, from New York.
SYDNEY — Arrived Nov 21 — Ship . Jabez
Howes', from Port -Townsend.
Arrived Nov 20 — Bktn Kohala. from Had
lock- bark Challenger, from Bellingham,
CORINTO^ — Sailed' Nov - IS — Ger stmr Nica
ria. for Hambunr. •
MAZATLAN— Sailed Nov 19 — Ger stmr
Menes. for San Francisco. Nov 20 — Ger stmr
Ammon. for Hamburg.
Sailed Nov IS — Stmr Acapulco, for Ancon.
Nov 19 — Stmr San Juan, for San Francisco.
LADYSMITH — Sailed Nov 20, 6 p m — Br
stmr Wellington, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Siberia,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived Nov 21 — Stmr China,
hence Oct 25.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Nov 20— V S Btmr Sher
idan, from Manila, for San Francisco, via Hon
olulu.
NEWCASTLE N. S. W.— Sailed Nov 21—
Bktn Koko-Head, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Nov 21 — Stmr Can
ada, from Montreal. Nov 20— rStmr tfaxonla.
frorri Boston.
GLASGOW — Arrived Nov 21 — Stmr Buenos
Ayrean. from Philadelphia.
"DOVER — Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Finland,
from New York, for Antwerp.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov 20— Strar Moltke.
from New York.
BREMEN — Arrived Nov 20 — Stmr Frieder
ich dor Groeee. from New York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Nov 20 — Stmr
Minneapolis, from New York, for London.
BOULOGNE- — Sailed Nov 20 — Stmrs Staten
dam and Bluecher. for New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Fin
land, from New York, via Dover.
mu<la in distress. H»r carzo shifted and her
ra&A-T wa< carrl"?"! away in a n*avy ftirm.
Repairing at Port Stanley*
Th* British ship Pnfala. at Pert Stanley, j
Falkland Islands. has discharged about VX> tr«ns j
cf h<>r cargo. Repairs will take about two
months.
The Overdue List
Th» vessels on th» overdue list are <iuot»d
for reinsurance a« follows: Sirene. W per
cent; Troop 25 per cent; Kinn, S") per ce.nt,
and the Shenfr, o iK?r cent. 1
NEWS OF THE OCEAN'.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sor.oriia. Captain Herriman, arrived
early yesterday from the Antipodes.
She brought 1000 tens of cargo and 140
passengers. Fine weather favored the
liner throughout the passage. Pader
ewski. th'? world famous pianist, was
a passei.ctrr on the Sonoma from Syd
ney to Auckland. The Sonoma's offi
cers speak highly of the musician?
qualities as a shipmate and express
regret that Pa<Jer*»wskl's plan did not
allow him to cross the Pacific on the
Scnoma. Paderc-wski did not touch the
piano while on the Sonoma, "but he
played cards to heat the band and
proved himseJf an all around good fal
low." volunteered one of the passengers
who arrived here yesterday.
Faderewski will arrive here on the
next liner, the Ventura, which is due
December 12. Mrs. Paderewski and
three friends are traveling with him.
Paderewski is grtatly interested in the
fiuss'j-Japnnese war and on the Sono
ma expressed the h«-{>e that whichever
nation conquered the trial through
which the Czar's kingdom was passing
would result in the awakening of Rus
sia end Its internal reorganization on
modern line*.
Former Queen LJHunkalani and Con
gressman Kalanianoale. better knerwn
a* Prince Cupid, were passengers on
th» Sonoma from Honolulu. They are
b'jth going to Washington, where the
former queen will make another effort
to collect her claim against the Gov
ernment. William <1. Irwin of Honolulu
was also a passenger. The Sonoma
brought 45 Japanese and one stowaway
from Honolulu. Her cargo included
wool, coffee, copra, hide, flax and bana
nas.
She brought passengers as follows:
Ft ra Sydney— J. E. Quir.n. \V. S$*>ncer
looei Mr. and Mrs. Jobs Flournoy. Dr. and
Mr* F S. Fott«>r, William I-in<lsay. J. H.
Wheeler. Mr. and Mrs. W. :._..-. Claude
Hurt L Schari-TSMH. Mr. and Mrs. B. M.
Hahn. E. W. OrirStho*.
From Auckland — Major Wllbraham. Alfred
Nathan, H. T. Richardson. E. A. Blundeli.
C A. Blundell. William McBride. Mrs. A. W.
y.:r:a-k»-. Mr. and Mrs. L. Prrvo.
From Paso- Pago— P^ev. ar.d Mrs. C. Har
rrove.
From Honolulu — H. B. Blandir.r Mr. and
Mr*. F. H Plummer. G. R. McCleilan, A.
Lewis. J. J. tulliven. J. A. s>cott. — McTcr
ry. Mr*. O. «~ajr. Slier E. M. Carr. Miss B.
Cgrr. <". A Brineei. Thomas Ridgeway. J. F.
f'olburn. Prince Kalanianna!*, F. g. Holt,
•Juwn Ldliuckalaci, J. D. NUnaku. J. Kaipo.
S. F. «:o!burn Jr.. William G. Irwin, J. S.
Boo, Mrs. YY. A. R-jd^nberg.
? ¦
thinks Makawcti All Ilijlii
Captain Kiniien of the schooner Mildred,
which arrived here Saturday from Bellir.K
bair. makes a report which has Inspired the
owner* of the ba rkrntine Makaweli with re
tirftrd h^i^ for th«= safety of their vessel.
t'«r>ta!n Kin^il^n eays that from November
1 to No\err.b^r •"> he wa.» in company with
a ve«*r! *-e k*!iev«"i t<> be and still thinks
was the Makaweli. They partM company south
of the Colnmbia River. <-«r>tain Klr.dlen also
report* that October '-l>> and 31. while coming
by Cap*- Flattery, he passed through a large
quantity of new lumber.
Law on Dog's Side.
Ah* Blurrie. a photorrapher, was attacked
by a dog: jresterdsf at the corner of East and
Market rtreew. The 4 j Is retained on the
ftaff of the fruit r>*ddl« r around whose stand
jjassen^ere '.<~ T ;}-. fe i=auEei:to and Tiburen fcr
ri«T6 are ob!:E"?d to cir •>. The doe bit at
Blume and Blunie kicked the dos. A by
•staader. of whose identity Blume is isnorant.
took tb* d-js's part and struck Bluroe in the
fare. Elunie struck back and the men mix<»d.
The doc's champion, however, had a clever
ritrht 6r4 a well-j-laced rwlcg e»"nt the pho_
tcprapher down and nearly out. Just then
PcHcecaii Solomon Sandrr.an came on the
»~ene. Refusing to Iis<t-n to any explanation h«
fra.tbled Blume ari4 dragged him to the Harbor
police etaticn. where he lock*-d him up on the
charge cf battery. The record doea not show
whether the victim of the alleged battery waa
the dog cr tiie man with the powerful right.
Policeman Solomon Sandman 1» the complaln
:r.g w:tneea. and If hi« historic first narre
rr.ear.jp anything he wt:i handle th» case with
wtsdcia when he comes into co;:rt ta-day.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The trial of
"Nan" Patterson for the murder of
Bookmaker Caesar Young was fairly
begun before Justice Davis in the Su
preme Court to-day and when adjourn
ment was taken at 4 o'clock this after
noon Assistant District Attorney Rand
had concluded his outline of the State's
case and had examined several of the
witnesses for the prc-secution.
There was not an unusually large !
crowd in the courtroom this morning, j
but when the doors were opened for the
afternoon session there was a rush to
gain admittance which swept the squad
of court officers off their feet. *
The main floor of the Criminal Courts
building was a solid mass of people,
and those who had business in the
court had to fight to even reach the
vestibule. The crush became serious
In a short time and police were called
in from the street to aid in maintain
ing order.
When the trial was resumed to-day
Justice Davis declined to excuse Fore
man Hendricks and Assistant District
Attorney Rand at once began to out
line the case of the prosecution.
RAXD OUTLINES EVIDENCE.
Rand warned the jurors that in con
sidering the evidence submitted they
I must not allow themselves to be influ
enced one way or the other by the fact
I that the defendant was a woman. The
laws were made for men and women
alike. He said that the only question
before the jury was to determine
whether the defendant was guilty •£
murder as charged. It was admitted,
' he said, that either Young killed him
'• self or was killed by the prisoner at the
t bar. The prosecution was prepared to
! shew not only that Miss Patterson fired
the fatal shot, but that the act was j
one of deliberation and premeditation.
It would show that the crime was plan
ned at least thirteen hours previously
and that it was conceived a day before ]
the tragedy, when the pistol • was ]
bought. All this would be proved by j
circumstantial evidence and the chain }
of circumstances, as presented by the ;
¦ prosecution, would be so strong that ;
i even if the defense should put a thou- ]
sand men on the stand and each of j
them say he saw the man flre the shot j
the Jury would not believe one of them.
Continuing, Rand said:
In this case we will take you to scenes and |
Describe the Florodora
Girl's . Actions After the
Tragedy and When Being
Conveyed to the Tombs
Many Passengers
* —
Queen Liliuokalani is 1
Here From Hon
oiuiu
FIKST WITNESSES
CALLED TO STAND
Attorney Band Outlines to
Jury the Evidence to
Be Produced by Prosecutor
Against Miss Patterson
Oceanic Liner Meets
With Splendid
Weather.
DENOUNCES
"NAN" AS THE
MURDERESS
PADEREWSKI TRAVELS ON THE SONOMA TO AUCKLAND
AND PROVES HIMSELF A VERY DELIGHTFUL SHIPMATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
11
-|-r _ r ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Well-Known Rancher Cured
by the Wonderful New
Electro-Cheniic Treatment
ll^3$fNi^*J^ > '•'" , ."" ~~ " ( ! " l was sick for * lonr tl:n9 * nd l S:> not
v '-ii ¦¦-'¦"¦¦¦ ''J~^iir"is^'"t-j ¦¦'•-¦'';¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ - ¦-' fe'Ii^ve that any of rr.y h.:rr- physicians ; :n-
- ". **¦ "*%» ' " -' d-rsi^-od r.:>- cor.-iit!on. at any rat» the r>rdi-
fs$E7^' ,*" r jyr '" '''•• *' • ' nary rr.edicnl tr"^trr.ent which I i:**'! for % lor.g
Q&'C-t v : £f '¦ ' ' ¦ . ¦:¦'. ¦'¦¦¦. time did me no i--l Jr.i ray disease k--pr;
v -»J'' *" "*% ¦¦ i\ ' " ¦¦ Kr'»lns sr«-a -lily wir?.' i:r.t:; I was ur.abis
i^&^^fe^R;i: ' ¦ *^S^*- : to attend to nsy duties* en my ranch. I waa
„ Jl^^^ • ' rni^ ht >' « iclt antl tliscoaraste«l wh»n I went to
*4.'-'-'/L:S; j-jj^lfw j^Sfr-' ''<¦ ¦' : ' th> * Electro-CTiemic In«ti:uta .-h: 113 Grant
-j&Sfe^jjj^ M**33Bf '*ESy'"" ''¦ ''' r avenue, fan Franrisco, I, r a thorough Electro-
:^b^f 'TV « - : Chemii^ examination. This fcirt'.'.r.atior. -*¦ aj
*w6aj-~w^&^^^ .> -^*r : "¦¦', ' -3jj(£»C^r- v - ¦¦¦- ; surely a thoroujh one and the Eleetro-Chemls
V^V-i *" K* Ji, ' '¦ ¦ specialists had no difaculiy in dlscovertne
K^JMfllS >',V-' , I. „ w^at my r-<>! ir. uM* »¦«, in 1 I >it •¦> «a'.*-
i |#|^^^?2si. ¦ ?T\»~: : *¦ it- My trouble pro\-ed to te a ¦~!r.;?V.c<i:e<i
; f^^^f^sHfc^iJi jfflW^B^ys; disorder, which affected my stomach, liver.
¦ (^Vy^^^^^^fe^'B^HlrmH^BnCTrtilf^ro^l waa mo * t severe at times, and I had been, told
1 p^S^^^HB^^^^I^^^^&S^^^I^m t "' 1 ' ' a<^ <irr^" '¦'¦ ' l and that I would hava
; **j55ajl t> undergo an ¦. r*'''i' : -'' :l - I thought this wu so
t"i?;5rVEjo?j'!3 Jj^^^a^SSiB mvs *^' S 1 *" 1 -^'^ 1 * the t.i;r. seemed to be exactly
liwSS^tvSi ¦ "i?M^nBf''*'^^i fi^V^^^' 1 '" rh " iir " * rv -" r *" ' r ' e -u; -"!:•;!'• ; i.-. comes,
a- *>xrla!n»d by rr.y doctor. At fl-st my con-
f," ¦'^^^¦S^S^i^iSK-'^^iWiMstsS^IISSI^^Sl dltion wms very stubborn. even under tSa
'/Vij%0 *^*a Elvctro-Chemlc tr^atmect. but finally, by clos»
v -'^V >' -»?v-3 application to the treatment, I r>e?an to grow
i^"l sr( ' l ' ii '> b*tt»r, ar i to-day I i--\ that I have
\-S. , '.'-*^"%..T A " - # "v* ''-'-.^-'- : J 'w' r *-J '•••"• '•'¦¦ ' •»'¦>¦ cured Most of ray treat-
y'^^^/^'J^j^^^^\^^i"*'*"rrT ! "^/J : C'f^S^Sk ment has been done at home, the Electro-
HBHHbHH^B^T V ''^5^?^''^^' 1 5''V^^S9 Chemlc specialists !-ar.in? ir.? an apparatus.
rfHfcMtfgTffiffljgffiJH™BiVJBn[[''BP™™*"3l w " n which I treated myself a-, home. Th«
tffjffiijJXxl ! ffiStfkpt^$!ratt^Z!J&icia3a23S£iB&^ *x;^r'^- i.~ most reasonable ar: I a:n z.\-l
_ to r»commend thi3 wonderful new treatment
Mr. E. 27. Fetervon, Petaluaa, CaL to all sufferers, because it has not only cured
me. but It has cured a great many people of my acquaintance, and in each instance after
the ordinary medical treatment had failed. My name ia H. N. Peterson and my poatofSc*
address is Petaluraa. Cal. I am a rancher and chicken ral.-«er and the picture which ac-
companies this article is very stood of me and will be recognized by my friend*.
CONSULTATION -|Jp irfe -g^ TT*
EXAMINATION *• *^
Any one tufferlngr from any of the following" diasases Is cordially invited to
call at the Electro-Chemio Institute, 118 Grant avenue, San Prancisco. for free
consultation and examination. The Electro-Chemic treatment is tha most scien-
tific and the most successful treatment known for the cure of Consumption. Ca-
tarrh, Asthma. Bronchitis, Rheumatism, neuralgia, Ijocomotor Ataxia, ralllnsr
Sickness, Epilepsy. Dizziness, Headaches. Spots before the Eyes. Files. Fissure.
Flctula, Stricture, Frostatltis. Znnainmatlcc of the Bladder. Varlcocele. Nerve Ex-
haustion, Cancers, Tumors, Old Sores, Weak Heart. Palpitation, Shortness cf
Breath. Insomnia, Blood Poison, Skin Diseases, Eczema, Goitre, Swollen Joints,
Weak Back, JCidney Diseases, Briffht's Disease. Diabetes. Special Diseases of Wo-
men — Irregularities, Displacements, Congestion, etc.. etc.
HOME TREATHENT— The Electro-Chemic home treatment is most successful. It Is al-
ways advisable, when the patient can arrange to do so. to visit the Institute for p*rv»nal
consultation and examination. If this l» imp»;«sible a short description of the principal
symptoms should b* sent and full Instructions regarding home examinations and treatment
will be promptly forwarded, free of charge.
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 GRANT AYE., Cor. POST ST.. SAN FRANCISCO
Office Hours: 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m. daily. Sundays: 10 a. m. ta 1 p. ra.
Separate Apartments for Ladies and Gentlemen.
ADYEJITISESLESTS. * !j
Are. You Thinking
rt tae cold, casty. <U*agr?eaftle WEATHER
THAT'S COMING, when Joplter Plarlas
comxaenees to iret In -!* work tii^
Coming Winter
VThfle It's trn« faat the tfrnperatura te- ta
this vicinity ideal now.
BUT ! !
la about 30 or 40 dajs it will be, COLD
IX WILL RAlxV
1 W# want to ke*p yonr bons« sad o3f«
WAEM tills winter. We <!o it wlti
GASTEAM RADIATORS
1 T&e.T do the work, keo y>u w«ra. Doat
wstt tin It's cold before yoa order cm ta
a dozen e( iztn BsdUton.
DO IX ISO>V
5 ner»i the Idea: A ***»!« S^ X^ 1
Rsdlatnr usln* cas tn faeL NO COAL.
WOOD OH ASHE3 to botier yonr wU«—
¦ that b»Ip.« i«mf. .^
•, Write for particulars or CALL XSo SEE-
THE OASTEAM In orerstioa st our iale»-
rvjus (heatlas: d»p»rtmeat in bs§eae»t):
but if you bavca't t!an? to do tilt, ptsoae
u snd we will send oar Gssteaxa eu U
call on joo with full Infonustlon.
.**i\. parvATX zxchasoe a.
THE OAS COMPANY
415 POST ST. .:*•
V *
|p . p-pp ¦,! CURE SICK HEADACHE.
EHiTTtE Genuine Must Bear
g I V E R Fac-SimHs Signature
ADVKKTISKMKXTS.
A I Iianksgiving invitation
In its acc£i>tanco calls for linen of im-
maculate cleanliness and perfect -fin-
ish.
Phone South 420. post. card or per-
sonal call on our facilities realizes
this in the fullest and a deliver}' that's
prompt to the minute.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY !
1004 3IABEET STUEET
Telephone Sonth *22.¦ ¦ , . * ¦"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
12
EMPI-OYMEKT WAWTEP--remale-Oon
YOUNG German lady wants position to tend
children during day from 7 to . or any
other work. Box 142. Call office.
REFINED, competent woman, 6 years* exp* •rl-
ence as a nurse, desires a Po.s" 10 " g' ca^
. for Invalid. Address "Nurse. 1133 lMK_st-
A~WOMAN~w"l7h»9 work by the day, house
¦ cleaning or washing, or would like to went
in a laundry as starcher. 125 Sixth Bt.
WANTED-^By Nova Scotia Protestant woman,
cookies and housework in small family, lot*
Fifteenth St., near Mission.
A YOUNG woman~wlshes washing and house
cleaning by day; wmes $1 30 day. Apply .556
Jessie Bt., pear Fifth.
POSITION wanted by competent waitress and
eecond girl. Appjy 12tt Lily ave.. bet. Fell
and Page sts.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as house-
keeper; prefer where I can have a room for
my own furniture. Call SCO First «t.. cor.
Harrison, bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
A REFINED American lady wlshee position as
nurse or companion to an invalid or elderly
lady in the country or on a ranch; best ref-
erences. Box 9C8. Call office.
TOUNQ lady would like position aa com-
panion at home or abroad. Inquire M.
KAUTCH. Y. M. C. A., city.
EASTERN woman want» situation; good cook,
baker and laundress or housework; references.
Address Cook, box B8S. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS washer and lroner would like
work by the day; terms reasonable. Pleas*
call at 30 Natoma St.; downstairs.
AN American woman wishes position In small
family of adults; Is neat, good cook; refer-
ences. Box 710, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young lady stenogra-
pher and typist; neat, accurate and willing.
Bcx 523. Call office.
A WOMAN would like to do washing by day.
$1 25 per day. Address MRS. E. K.. 313
Turk ...
A MIDDLE-AGED Jewish woman wants posi-
tion, general housework. In a Jewish fam-
ily; 6lee» home. Box 728, Call office.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper. E. F.
J.. 573 Geary »t.
WOMAN wants work by the day. -4?7T Eddy
street.
STENOGRAPHER, neat, quick, accurate, re-
sponsible young lady, 5 years' experience In
fire insurance and banking business, wants
position. Box 732. Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position to do up-
stairs work and sewing: best city references.
Apply 1610 Leavenworth st.
HOUSE-CLEANING by the day. M. E.. 841
Filbert fit.
GOOD laundress washes curtains at home. 873
Linden ave.
YOUNG lady with experience wishes a per-
manent position as stenographer and type-
writer; good penman. PJione Church 0174.
REFINED, well-groomed young lady wishes
position as companion to lady; excellent ref-
erences. Phone Pine 1133.
WANTED — To do plain sewing, $1 CO a day.
535B Natoma st.
GENERAL housework wanted by "young girl.
401 Fifth sn
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, housework;
good home moro than wages. 27B Alaska «.
YOUNG girl would like to take care of child.
Inquire 435% Tehama st.
WANTED — A position as a nurse. Telephone
Hyde 2121.
WANTED— A Job as plain cook. MRS. PA-
TRON. tel. 6360 Red.
PLAIN Fewlng wanted at 416 Natoma st.
MRS. M. RIVERS.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper In coun-
try. Apply 521 Elizabeth St.. city.
WOMAN would like position as chambermaid
or general housework. 250 Perry St., nr. 5th.
YOUNG woman wants situation to do house-
work in email family. Call 743 Howard st.
GOOD, eteady cook wishes position: dry or
country. 637 Ellis st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receJTed at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
JSMPTjOYMISTT WAKTED— aiAIiB.
GERMAN, middle ase, wants position as vege-
table or flower gardener; understands prun-
ing. Is handy wit hcarpenter tools and un-
derstands also to care for horses; city or
country. Box 160, Call office.
A YOUNG man (German), steady and- Industri-
ous, wishes situation In saloon or wine and
liquor store as bartender or porter; country
or city. Box 1533, Call office. Oakland.
POSITION wanted by gardener and florist
well up In landscaping and all branches of
horticulture; Good references. Box 1S4, Call.
BOY, IG years old, residing with parents,
German, wishes work of any kind. Please
address AL SPECKTER. 652H Natoma st.
ELDERLY active man as choreman or take
care of horse and garden; wages $10 per
month. Box 557. Call.
CANDY maker from the East: understands
all branches, retail or wholesale, also Ice-
cream. 55 Cedar ave.
FIRST-CLASS colored man would like a po-
sition in private family as butler or cook.
Apply at 1006 Clay st.
SOBER, honest yonng man would like to take
care of horses or drive for private family.
Box 4SCS, Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants extra set of book* at
night. Box 158. Call office.
A GERMAN wants position to take care of
place mornings and evenings. Box 165, Call.
A YOUNG man wanta position of any kind;
iood worker. Box 140, Call office.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work. Box 173, Call.
POSITION wanted by competent younr neat
gents' furnlthing goods salesman. 170, Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
4134. Call office.
DETECTIVES — Gentleman andylady of thor-
ough experience will take any case; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: terms reasonable and
strictly confidential. Box 11$>.' Call office.
COACHMAN; thoroughly competent: willing
and obllslng: can also care for garden and
milk; good references. Box 63, Call office.
AN elderly man wants work In a small stable,
lodging-house, or any kind of light work. Ad-
dress bcx 6Ti, Call office.
GARDENER wants position; Is also first-class
horseman; sober and reliable; best city and
country references. Box 6S, Call office.
WANTED — By first-class barber, position In
short-hour shop. Box 478, -Call office.
CARRIAGE painter, striper and* letterer will
go anywhere. Address box 67/ Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; has had
dome experience at housework. Box 66. Call.
BOSS barber, steady man, wants $4 60 day;
weekly place. Box 131, Call.
A COUPLE coming from East wish positions :
man thoroughly competent In all branches of
horticulture, care horses, tend cows, also
gr.od carpenter: wife flrst-clasa cook; good
references. Call all week, MR/MORRIS, 163
Minna st.
MAN (10), educated., temperate, first-class pen-
r.ian and ' typewriter, understands general
office work: Al teamster, understands care
horses; must have employment. Address 1543
Forty-eishth ave., city.
WANTED — A. position on a stock ranch; can
ride, drive and break horses: have own ris; j
handle cattle and sheep and keep books; a
co^d hustlfr. Address Horseman. 737 How- j
ard, st.. city. . i
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery man I
wants position as clerk, salesman, collector
! cfr handle grocers' specialties; well acquaint-
| ed In city. Please address H. BRODERSEN.
, coal yard. 441 O'Farrell at.
j SITUATION wanted In wholesale manufac-
! turing company in packing department by
J quiet younvr man. Address BERT. 037 Har-
( risen St.. Oakland.
' FURNISHING sal?3man. live and energetic. S
years' experience, wants position with local
firm; best of reference* Address 52 Lea
court, city. ¦
EXPERIENCED, trustworthy youn* man
wants position as gardener: handy with
! tools; not afraid to work: tend to hcrse, milk;
j references. Box 1>S5, Call office.
I YOUNG. man experienced In surveying wlsh?s
I position as chalaman. W. F. M., 744 How.
, ard st. /.
WOODTURNER, first class, pood shopworker
wants steady position. Roehnlsch, CX) Jessie!
GOOD German cook wants position. 621 Ean-
~eome St.. room 4.
STENOGRAPHER, experienced, de/tres perma-
nent position; best of references.- 1312
Webster st.
4377 Eddy
EMPlOYMEJrrjHTANTED — Male— Cop.
BOOKKEEPER, buyer, time, stock or supply
clerk, by competent man on railroad. In mill,
mine or camp. Iiox t»70. Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER, 5 years' experience, desires
position; good references. Address GEO. O.
TRUXKET, 1CC5 Golden Gate ave.
FRENCH couple wish positions In an Ameri-
can family: willing to work: will give ref-
erences. Address 7C6 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A position as helper to a photo-
graph printer to perfect myself in commer-
cial photography. Box 034. Call.
I A RELIABLE man dfslrfs any k!nd position
of trust; »xperlenc«d In wine and liquor busi-
ness. Address box C6O, Call office.
GERMAN. 35 years of age. steady and sober,
used to hard work, wishes any kind of work.
•Address J. F.. Ii5 Third St.. S. F.
AN* experienced office assistant desires perma-
nent employment; references. J. B. BOTCE
1510 Webster st.
BOOKKEEPER of experience and ability ;
capable of taking charge of office on mod-
ern system, desires employment; highest
recommendations from former employer* in
East and North; climate necessitates resi-
dence in this section. Address A. E P
911 Poplar Bt., Oakland.
AN expert stenographer and typist (owns ma-
chine) wants extra work; at liberty after 4
p. m. and all day Saturdays; verbatim re-
porting. Box B22. Call.
GOOD Jobbing carpenter wants wcrlc. 41J v
Clementina st.
SITUATION wanted as milker. PIERRE
MIRAND, BIO Bush st.
PLUMBER, gasflttsr and tlr.imlth wants
work. 1711 Valdez st.. Oakland.
EXPERD2NCED male nurse would like posi-
tion to travel. Cox 608, Call office.
A CHINESE experienced, first-class cook. Eng-
lish, French wishes position; city; first-class
hotel, family or bcardlng-house; best meat
and pastry cocking; clean and nfat: grxvl
references; satisfaction. CHARLEY W., 1113
Clay Bt.. telephone D!ack SfZA. .
FIRST-CLASS Chines© family cooa wants situ-
ation. See YOUNG. 734 Jackson st.
CHINESE, flrst-class hotel cock, wants a po-
sition. N. K.. "44 Sacramento st.
BUTLER — Competent Japanese butler wishes
position; city or country; has best recom-
mendation and long experience. SHIOZ^KI
380 Geary Bt.
JAPANESE, first-class laundryman. wants \
situation in private family; city or country:
references. J. A.. 1301 Vs Larkln st.
A NEAT young Japanese wants position as
waiter on table; to do houseworlc In good
family: speaks good English. F. N.. 500
Eutter st,
JAPANESE b*dmaker wants work boardln*-
house or rooming-house; speaks English we]!.
Write to WILLIAM, r. 1. 108 Prospect place.
JAPANESE High School student wants a posi-
tion; understands cooking; has recommenda-
tions. T. IMAI, 533 Stevenson st.
CHINESE, flrst-class family cook; $35. $lO;
city or country. W. S. KEE, 613}j Dupont
at., room 29.
CHINESE first-class family cock wants posi-
tion. 714 Washington st.
JAPANESE boy wants position In laundry;
good experience: wages $S up. Tel. Larkln,
34S. 1423 Pacific St. NAGURA.
JAPANESE cook wanta situation In a small
family in city or country. Address ICHI.
321% O^Farrell st.
JAPANESE rood boy wants situation as
ichoolboy in a small family: speaks English;
wages no object. II., 814 Powell st.
PISAHCIAi.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid la *4.e0O.0OO on
Eurplus 940,901 Sf
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certlflc&tM
At car.
Office — No. 14 8ansoxn» street.
Ban Francisco. CaL
DON'T risk your money in questionable vent-
ures when you can obtain "First Mortgag*
Gold Bonds" (first lien on downtown business
property) paying a good rate of Interest and
as secure as Government bonds: single bonds
C500 00 each: interest payable quarterly; at-
torneys seeking investments for clients and
' trustees of estates shoul.1 investigate this at
ence. "Bonds." SO Crocker building.
WILL, sell $1.COO.CCO of 43 year « per cent.
$1000 each; first mortgage gold bonds for
per and accrued interest. For full details
address GILES OTIS PEARCB. Murphy,
Calaveras County. CaL
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate
certificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PANY. 10T-108 Crocker butldtn*.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections: advlc* free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHT. 622 Crossley bdg.
P^ATS TOLST.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 213-fid Oeary
st.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; Ut us flndt
you a place; come in and let ua know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
/ do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market it., opp. McAllister.
ELLIS. 1247. beteween Octavla and Laguna —
Grandest flats in city Just completed; 7. T.
10 rooms, and 630 WIHo-wr av». fi rooms;
will be optn dally betw. 10 and 5 o'clock.
FOR rent — Just finished. 2 most modern 8,
room flats: reception hall; beamed ceilings;
marine view; rent reasonable. 2041-2043 <3re«a
ft., near Buchanan.
$40^ — FINE 2d-story flat of 7 sunny rooms, .
bathroom. 2 attic rooms and basement. 1123
Green St.. near Van Nesa av«. .
PROSPECT ave.. 15 — Upper 8 or 4 room Cat:
lower 5-roora fiat; all sunny: beautiful view;
large yards; gas: sanitary plumbing.
BAKER. 2110 — Sunny basement Cat. 3 rooms,
batb. gas; $12 50.
CASTRO. 673. near 20th — Modern sunny r.xU
0 rooms; latest Improvements; reasonable.
ELEGANT upper fiat of 0 rooms and bath;
rent $27 50. 1231 Mason Bt.
PLAT of 7 rooms and bath; rent $20. Apply
S54 Predta ave.
HUGO. 531, near Sixth ire. — New modern sun-
ny fiat; tinted; near park; $25.
HAYES. 1717, near Park entrance^ — Modern
sunny flats, 6 rooms and bath; rent $22 Ml
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. lltt Montgomery st.
LIBERTY. 504. nr. Castro— $1S: 4 modern
sunny rooms; adults; ref. ; warm belt.
MASONIC ave.. 1360. near Haight— New mod-
| ern flat: 5 rooms; bath; awell location.
NEW and modern sunny middle flat; 7 rooms
and bath. 1350 Ellis st. ; from 10 to 4.
PARK flat — 3 large rooms, bath, yard and
basement; $27 6f>. 1743 Waller st.
PIERCE. 2O.'J3 — C rooms, bath, gas and electric.
yard, basement; marine view.
UPPER Tat. 5 sunny rooms: bath. Call bet.
3 and ft p. m-.. 722 California st.
$25— NW. CORNER Noe and 21th sts. ; 6 new
sunny r<Jom3. bath. Key at corner.
fxlAts pos sax.e — rcixmsHEP.
! D1KEMAN place. 11 4, o.t Ma 3 on, r.r. O'Farrrll
—Special bargain in 4-rconvfiat. Call Mon-
day.
TURK. 10S* 4 — Flat C sunny rooms.-bath: well
furnished: cood transient trade: pays $-5
over rent; sacrifice
7-ROOM corner flat, completely furnished: la
good condition: cheap. Box 1ST?, Call office.
A NICELY furnished fiat of 5 rooma for sale;
reasonable. 1377?i Stevenson st.
FOR sale cheap — 5 rooms; furnished Sat; rent
$14. 2int.. Tehama st. -
ri.ATS to i.et — ?LTansaia).
DIAMOND. 813— Flat of 3 sunny bay-window
> roorr.s: hot and cold water; $16.
SILVER. 12B. bet. 3d and 4th — Furnished fia:
of 3 rooms and bath: yard; rent reasonable.
FURNISHED flat; fine rooms, bath; XlMioa
warm belt. Ecx 708. Call office
SgrRITPA^ISM.^
I. THERESE SHAGREN, well-known psychic,
gives short life sketch, 25c; full life reading.
$1. 19 Ewlng. place, west side oU Laguna
Bt..' bet. Sutter and Post; no sign.
MRS. CONNOLL. US Sixth st.; trance medi-
um; meetlnc every night: all tests; 10c;
ladies' circle Wednesday 2:30. 10c.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bue. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c. C19
McAllister St.; readings daily; come skeptics.
C. V MILLER'S trumpet materializing to-
i night, S p. m., 50c; Thurs. at 8. 1084 Bush.
PROF. GEE. medium and healer: readings
dally; circle every night; 10c. 1206 Market.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Blxth Bt.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. C05 Larkln,
room 49; readings 1 to S; tel. South 319.
carpet wEA^rrsaj^vrD ci;i;A^~a'f>.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
- carpets and rug3 also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. E. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 303 Market »t;
phones Main 152 and Buih 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-S57 Tehama st. Tei. 8outh 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison Bt.: Al cleaning. 3e. FRED IIAGE-
DORN Ik CO.: phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 24G Fourteenth 8t.— Flrst-clasi
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel.* Main 304 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop»-
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: Prices
rgawonabie. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. M1««lon 263.
CREDIT CIiOTHIEBS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st.— Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
ClOTHIHa EENOTATINO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring- and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DENTISTS^
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crowns, $.'{ 60; flllinga, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting wh,en plates ara
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from 1% per set; extracting, 50c: gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 85c; crowns. $2: no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,2O4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-denti!"t.r.l4.1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 8OC Market, cor. O'FarrslI.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;fllling9,25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter Et. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mer.. !>0D Mission, cor. 6th.
rmz.ssMAjr.sKs and seamstresses.
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 101U Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylr.
EDUCATIOtTAX.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, laT**-and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; {5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
SHORTHAND — Astonishing, but true: you can
learn the best simplified system in less than
30 days for $5; highest references; 10 free
_B£hoIarbhIps. CONEY 4 MILLS. 1584 Markt.
47 LESSONS PUman shorthand and hold any
position, guaranteed; GO, court, reporting;
"single-Rage method"; bookkeeping. West-
ern Business College, 12S1 Market st.
HEALD'S School cf Mines and Engineering. 24
Poet St., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B7 Business Colle&e, 73S Mission.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, as.*»ay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. Eruu. math., etc.; day and
tve.; individual lnstr. 305 Larkln st_. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, fortn-r pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 n. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 2i Post st.
Established 1S6.1; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 10C0; Bend for circulars.
YOUNG man can secure business education by
working a short time dally. S. F. Business
College, 73S Mission st.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROl'OLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
FRENCH and piano. BOc an hour; for engage-
ments call Tuesdays. 1200 Golden Gate ave.
COME and Join French class now forming; $1
per month. Address box 610. Call office.
GUlTAn, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lefsons SI. S2S Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
Individual Instruct.; all branches; day, eve.
CHICAGO Business College. 15-S4 Market— Posi-
Upns. shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT nnd Juvenile classes new open. Illn-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
' SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Mies M. G. Barrett, 302 Montsom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION and
PARTrNGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAeadeir.y
of languages. mi.S' Post; est.lS71:ab!est profs.
- EMPLOYMENT J0PTICE3.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, S3D Sacramento. Tel. James .V-'31^
A — ORI'HEUM Employment Office — Japan.-.-—
Chinese help. 426 Powell at.: tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Hush »53.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung"s. 411«4 O'Farrell: tel. East 420.
¦RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
"W'A^Jj^J^^^AIVE^
GERMAN girl, young, nice, neat, wishes situ-
ation at housework In Western Addition. I
Can bo seen atJ.iF. CROSETT it CO.'S, 334
Sutter st.
A, MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wants a
situation; is a good cook; will do some wash-
lnc; fond of children; will go a short dis-
tance; wages $15 to $20. 47 Shipley St., off
Fourth, near Folsom.
YOUNG lady with experience would- like a
liiisltlon as assistant stenographer or any
kind of office work; good penman. Box 163
Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, middle-aged woman, ac- i
; /customer" to responsibility, can assist at '
bookkeeping; have my own machine; am '
quick and accurate. Box 171. Call office. j
YOUNG lady stenographer; a few months' ex- '
perlence; salary no object. ¦ Box 172, Call.
TRAINED nurse, reliable and competent. 10
years' experience, wishes to take care of in-
valid: no objection to traveling. Box 744,
1 Call office.
; YOUNG lady, experienced in stenography and
office work, desires position; Remington ma-
chlne; salary $35 a month. Box 107, Call. ,
GERMAN girl wishes position In family for j
upstairs work; If necessary will take care of
children. Apply ' 30C7 Twenty-third St.; I
rhone Capp 6342. I
HONEST young German girl wishes a situa-
tion, housecleanlng and washing. 150C New
Broadway, near Twentieth st_, Oakland.
GIRL wants second work. Apply 2418 Geary.
YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or
ndults in primary nr grammar studlc.t. Ad-
dress MISS A. I., 1072 Sanchez at., nr. 2Jth.
JOUS D. SPKECKI^^j^^PrfS^
Address Communications to
JOH.V UcXACGHT. . . . .: . .^.Manager
w7~J."~31A11T1X Businc^Managcr
TELEPHONE.
A«k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With U» Department \o\i Wish.
Publication Office Market arid Third S. F.
Bdltorlal P.ooms 217 to 221 Ste\enson et.
pelivertd >iy Carriers. 20 Ctn. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Mor.th. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail, Including Pcstage iCash With
r>AILT CALL (inc'.ud. Sunday) I 3W--4f«| ,
DAILY CALL (ir.clud Sunday). 6 mos... 4.WL
I>AILY CALL— Hy Single Month •;*
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -¦•»>
"roSaV ""I Dai;y":$s:s6'perY;ar: E^
rOREIQN I Fun <jay. 4 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. [Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eassple Copies Will Be Forwarded Whea
Revested.
Me.il rubscrlbere In ordering change or ma-
<res« should be particular to g lve both NE \%
iND OLD ADDRESS, in order to insure a
prompt and correct ccrr.pllance wlvh tueir re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101C Broadway Teler^*" Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: _ •
tl4S Center Street Telephone North . «
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: J
BAlirXL W. WALL Hotel Barton (
NEW YORK NEWS 6TANDE: ]
VTalCcrf-Astcria Hctel; A. Bren'.ano. 31
rrlon 6?uer«: Murray Hill Hotel; Fit;h-avenue
Uctel er.d Herman House.
CHICAGO NFTIVS STANDS:
Fhenran House; P. O. News Company: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; rs-lmcr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: I
C GEORGE KBOGXBSS. Marnuette Building. I
(Lcng Pistar.e* Telephone. "Central -UJ. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN C. SMITH 00 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFJCTl of th» San Francisco Call
eerier Market bt.1 Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every nifcht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Merket etreet. ors^osite Fifth; open until
11 p. m. .„'
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
»:30 i>. m.
S<*> Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister rtrett; open until 9:30 p. m.
€ir> Larkin street: op*n until t»:30 p. m.
1S11 Minsinn f.rect; open until 10 p. m.
jc-rt Eleventh Ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
Z(Of, Valencia, strett: open until 9 p. ra.
Kortteast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open vmil 9 p. m.
C2C»< Fi'.'.mcre firect: open until 9 p. m.
tiEETiss rroTiczB.
ASYLUM of Mission Commandery. U. <f-X-ij
1^ K T Mar-on1c Temple. — t-tated I*""'
me'etins THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- JUJ
1\"G 7:30 o'clock. Order of Red
Crots. JOHN Et HILLMAN. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. S, R. A. M.. S
will BtKi THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- VV
IN"(J. November 22. at 7:rs ( > o'clock. /?>
M. M. degree. By order of the H. P.
1*KANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO. F. and «
A . |C— Called meeting THIS (rrES-VV
DAY) EVEJCIXO at 7 o'ciork. Third /V\
degree. By order cf the \V. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and g>
A. M. — Officra and mtmbors are earn- VVf
t>si\y re<juest^d tc assemble at Masonic /v\
Hall. Alameda. at 2 p. m.. TUESDAY.
Novt-mbtr I'Mt. to conduct the funeral of
our !=te fcroUr-r. JOHN FREDERICK HER-
MAN" KIHN. Inroad gauge. 12 m. loat. Park
ttation. EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lcufte No. 144. F. and A. ja
M.. Masonic Temple— Second dejrree "V\f
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 /VN
o'clock. Craftmeo coraiaily invited.
HENOY K PENNELL, W. M.
A. S. HITHARD. Secretary.
CAN FRANCISCO L^cge No. ?,m, F. JJ
and A. M.. Slifstion Tetr.pl*. 2WA MI»-"V\f
fs:on st— Third degree THIS (TUES- /Y\
PATi EVENING. at 7:30 o'clock.
Vi*:tir.p brethren cordially invited By order
cf the w. M. A. A. ANDERSON, Pec.
EXCEU3XOR Loflct No. 126. A. O. U. ,.\Wfr,
W. — Members are requested to attend j>£"j»c
the funeral rt our late brcther, AN-fesf
DREW UORBISON. from his lat« *-*i»>>
r-Fi-1er.ee. JC7 Albion ave., at 1 p. m. TO-
l'AY. C. G. HEIiRICK. Recorder.
A MEETING of the P,oard of Medical Exam-
nv-r» of tV- Ptat« cf California »'*'! be held
TUESDAY, the Cth day cf D?cernber. 1304.
at the City Hall, in the city ar.d county cf
Han Francisco, State of California, at the
hour of 11:30 a. m. of tail day, for the con-
8'. derail on of arpli"atirns for certificates and
fcr euch other business a* may properly come ]
IcXore it. DatM San Franriaro, November
JM. UiG4. Roar-1 of Medical Examiners of
the State of "¦alifrrnU.
CHARLKr- L. TISDALE. Secretary.
aiA£TKil Manners' Henevolent Association-
Special meetinp will bt hPld at hall, 220
GolJen Gate ave.. TUESDAY, November 22,
at 11 ::»•> a. m., for Uie purpose of attending
ilio fun«ral of our dfct-aned brother, HE! IK-
MAN KIHN, from Uasonle Hall. Park «rt..
Alameda. at 2 p. m. Ail members are re- !
gu'ftfd to be rres*>nt. Take- 12:45 narrow
tauge boat for Park-rt. station.
L. TRAUNG, Rec. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of West End Lodge
No. 1102. K. and U, of H.. are reouest»d to
attend the funeral of BISTER MAYER at
10 a. ta. to-day from her late residence, 1C6S
Washininrm ft 15y order of
PROTECTOR RICHE.
PH. KAPLAN. Secretary.
EPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS—
Notice Ik hereby riven that a £j>ecial meet-
ing of the 6tr^-kholders of the CENTRAL
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY will be held
on SATURDAY. December 3. 1904. at 11
o'clock a. m.. at the office of raid company.
125 South Main rt. (over Wells, Fargo & Co.'g
Kark). fait Lake City. Utah, fcr the purpose
of considering and assenting to. or dlssrnt-
ing from, the execution of a new mortgage
upon the line of railroad of said company
extending from a point of connection with
its eripinel lir.e juyt north of the Ogden
Hlver. in Weber County. Utah thence west- }
trly across Promontory Polr.t end Gr*at Salt j
Lake, through the counties of WebT ani
Pox Elder, to a connection with the original
line of said company near and lmnudiate-lv
wc-rt of Grease Cr.'k. betw.ea Lucin and
Oartney stations, on Raid line a draft of
¦which raid proposed mortgage will be sub-
mitted at Fad meetir.e.
E. II. HARRIMAN. President.
AGSSTS WASTED.
ACENTS rrantfd— Wanted, agents to canvas
for hoKfhold necessities; KO od pay and
etcadr work. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
LADY eser.ts wanted e\-erywhere to sell
Kerr.p'i- Suppositories. 1312 Market St., r. 316.
A FRAUDULENT divorcTTiTdear^et $12 and
is no pood; for 22 years I've made dlvor<-e»
a specially; quick: quiet; no money needed:
eo pay unices divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest f«es; advice free; collections I
made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
H. W. KING. Attomey-at-Iaw. Exam, bldg ,
Cth floor: entrance room till; established 28
jfare; all courta, general court and office
firartice: no fees la advance or for consulta-
tion; evening appointment. Tel Red 3C01.
AA — Divorce: cotts $12; QUlck.qulet;ad\-lce free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 027 Market St.. room 30L
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: no -fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
L. E. CLARK. f>27 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free: no fees in advance: open evening*.
'' '¦¦-[.'* ASTHMA CTTRE. _^
El NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
10c, 25c, We. IC02 Market. Et. Nicholas;
also Wirhart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR exchange for, real estate, one automobile
runabout: good condition. Box 9. Call office.
\E\V 2-sent automobile (Universal) for Bale:
* very reasonable. Box 4100. Call.
GASOLINE runabout fcr sale; 10 h. p.; carry
2 or 4. Box 4003. Call.
coiiiiZCTioir opricrs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10. TeL Mala 6580.
1 BTTSIirrBS I CHAHCES.
' A J120O COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on
O'Farrell et. ; close to 4 theaters; value in
eight; good business. Bee K. G. WILKE,
-''•'¦3 Kearny st.
, .
A $600 ROADHOUSE; 6 years' lease; rent
$20; best location on Colma road. See R. G.
WILKK. 26 H Kearny st- *
A $1650 CORNER grocery and bar. with flat
of C rooms; rent $00 ; 5 years' lease; good
paying business; best location; Western Ad-
dltlon. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A $8500 HARDWARE store, corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
vaiue Jn sight; owner to retire to prlvat*
life; a splendid chance. Call It. G. WILKE.
26Va Kearny st.
A $1500 GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocki south of Call building; rent
. $71; kept by present owner 10 years; a gocd
business. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $3250; HALF Interest in manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
firct-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with Invoice; the price a rara and
rood offer. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kcarny Bt.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee ealoon
in Etockton; rent $53; the leading place of ,
Its kind in Stockton: all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny «t.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $10 per day. Particulars It- G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain buel-
ners; 3 hcrses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
• place established years; very best loca-
tion; a cood cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny »U
j A— $900: BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
l ket on Polk Et-; lease; living rooms; owner
I must leave for Europe to eettle estate; a :
• rare chance. R. O. WILKE. 26 & Kearny st. |
A— $800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 jears and known as a good busi-
r.i'!«s. See R. G. WILKE, 2tHi Kearny* Bt.
|
A— $2000: CORNER saloon, with lease, in
whulefcale district; a good business; owner to
Have th« city cause of sale; a rare chance.
| K. O. WILKE. 2tf& Kearny st.
• A— f4O00; CIGAR stand on Market St., vicin-
ity Powell St.; "\'j years' lease; must be
Bold at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See It. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
RESTAURANT and cafe close to Market and
Powell ets.: lease; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business; best class of
patronage; owner engaged in other busl-
nesa; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE,
rev., Kearny s^
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years 1
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value In eight.
See K. G. WILKE, 26U Kearny Bt.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $120; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
ve£ti£nte at once; rare chance R. G.
WILKE. 26V£ Kearny et.
A — $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1
block irom Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-clats business;
about $7o per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26 U, Kearny Bt. •
X— $900-— CORN.ER saloon, with cigar stand,
en Fourth et., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
«t good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILI^E. 20H Kearny Bt.
A — J15U0 — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
Bccoui't of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 2S years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 2t>H Kearny Bt.
A— $C590; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parloi across the bay; monthly re-
c-lj'ts about J150O; rent $60: no nicer fitted
up riace this kind in the Slate; rare chance.
Call K. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
Fcuth cf Market St.: net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in Fi^ht. See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2CoO; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-claw paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town acrocs the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See EL. G. WILKE, 20 V4 Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
Of Market. Call R. G. WILKE. 20V* Kearny.
A— $2500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et.; rent ICO; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
f.rst-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 16*4 Kearny st,
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phona Folsom 1646.
fl25 — Partner for well paying restaurant; will
clear you $75 monthly. See BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober, industrious man who
can invest $250 and services ; he will give in-
terest In bufcinejs clearing $200 monthly - u
references exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT on busy street near Market;
seats 2<j; a small place doing a big business;
rent $15; will sacrifice for $150. fcee
BROOKBANK.
AN elderly gentleman and large property
ownf-r who conducts an old established real
« state office defires the services of a sober,
reliable and Industrious man to assist in of-
llce. collect rents, put up eigns and assist in
f-elllnB property; to eame he will offer a
line paying position; party must place small
security. For full particulars call or ad-
dre*s BROOKBANK, f)17 Market Bt.
WANTED— Saloon license: also grocery and
bar license. 1«7% Maxkn st.
I $500 — LARGE fruit store and fiph market;
horse and waton; large stock; living rooms.
1007 >£ Market St.
$775 BUYS a nice little grocery and bar: good
stock and fixtures; cheap rent. WESTERN
REALTY CO.. 1007% Market st_
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or eell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
¦have. Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to Bell.
J.'W. JAQUITH & CO.,
1312 Market st..
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3408.
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE, ""•
993 Market. Phone Folsom C022..
Are you on? What? Our book with that
lodging-house, salcon. grocery, bakery, notio.i
store, cigar stand, etc. If not, why not? If
j-o-^ want to sell it. for we have the buyer
here. Call. ."
| PROSPEROUS Btore and living rooms; 1300
; McAIllFtcr Bt., near carhouse; Fuitable for
restaurant or delicatessen, there being no
j>iKh place near that location; good chance
tor man and wife.
?2OO— PARTNER: chance for right man.
S4S0 to 13000; restaurants; good bargains.
K*xj to HO.non; saloons: good bargains.
See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny Et.
?90O— RESTAURANT: rreat bargain; fine lo-
catlon; good business; party going East; also
list of Falcons. Eltel & Carroll, 212 Kearny.
FOR sale— Notion, toy end candy store doing
Kood business; fine cigar trade; rent $15. In-
cluding living rooms; long ltase. HAWKS
& MEHHTL'NS. corner Seventh and Railroad
ave., Alameda.
HALF interest In established business In Oak-
land for sal*; $250; partner to do outside
work. Box 1540, Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale on account of ill health, business of
manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
etc.. with formulas: looa'.ed In one. of the
1 largest and test cities In California; price
$4000; one-halt cash; balance to be paid out
of proceeds of business Address S C. S
box 520, Sacramento. Cal.
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE,
093 Market. Phone Folsom 3022.
Do you want a paying business? We have
groceries, dear stands. bakeries. lodging-
houses, notion stores, restaurants, real estate,
small farms, etc Call and let us talk to you.
5200 — GOOD chance for active man In estab-
lished cash buttiness, suitable for a man
willing to do plain light "work and be satis-
fled with $75 mo.; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co., 032 Market.
FOR eale^ — Grocery and bar; no competition
within 4 blocks; value greater than asked-
owner leaving. , Pacific Business Association
1148 Market st.
A COMPETENT business man with $2500 as
secretary of a substantial company can
clear $5000 a year; this will bear closest In-
vestigation' money secured. Box 790, Call.
A LADY or gent with' $250 wanted as partner
in light and general manufacturing business;
duties light and pleasant; no night or Sun-
day work. Martn Invest. Co., 235 Kearny.
SALOON for sale — At entrance to tunnel of
Bay Shore Ry. 1921 Fifteenth ave. South,
•bet. O and R ets., nr. Railroad ave. -
BUTCHER Bhop for sale, doing first-class busi-
ness, at a reasonable price account of being
interested in other business. 1221 Devlsadero.
TWO candy rtores or part interest In factory;
good paying. Inqiftre 1810 Market st.
I"22S£SSc555? ES tor sajjE— con.
Oakland. Al'ameda or Berkeley property or
ranch in California; must leave city.
45 rooms, rent only $125- first-clays location;
well furnished and good running order;
clearing now ove r $200 per month; always
full: beit buy in city account of elck-
ness; price $4500. ' >
"We have a number of special bargains in flats
or C to 10 rooms, now and modern; can be.
had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold; either account of sickness or de-
parture.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always en
HOTELS. CAMEROIJ 3 Eddy St.
MARION GRIFFIN." .<~y
40G Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts: tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming houses for sale. Free list
tit? nlsh a bstracts free and guarantee
Thoughtful purchaser— We call
your attention to 3 modern apart-
• ment houses, 70, 180 and 103
rooms; each is a profitable invest-
ment, which we shall absolutely
prove to you if you will call on
us and personally investigate one
or all of them.
MARION GRIFFIN. MARION GRIFFIN
SNAP — 12 rooms, well furnished,
clears a living for 4 people; PRICE
$300; rent $37 CO; owner, leaving
for Mexico.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
DEPENDABLE: highly recom-
mended; new building; new fur-
nishings: It Is our best S7-room •
house; clears $176 monthly; you
may pay S1300 down and we back
you for the balance.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
TOUR CHECK is good for $S50.
you pay the other $S50 In little
monthly installments: furnishings
' are very fine — cost ?2110; profit $t>l
monthly; eminently respectable;
best furnished 21-room house in
Frisco.
CAREFULLY examine this 30-
, room house; rent Is only $60; room-
' ers pay $0 per room; price $1800;
all housekeeping rooms; very little
work for the landlady. Easy terms
If requested.
MARION GRIFFIN— MARION GRIFFIN-
PARDON us . for belne plain
spoken. Only a person of a «ood
education and of a refined nature
would succeed In this CS-room
house.
• iLONG LEASE,
LOW RENT.
YOU ONLY NEED
—$3500—
to start with; you should clear $300
monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
ON SUTTER ST.— Three splen-
did propositions and each most
beautifully furnished and exclu-
cively with us. They have 30. 50
and 40 rooms respectively; well es-
tablished, fine patronage; cash re-
quired. S1000 tr> $2000. MONTH-
LY PROFIT $143 to $351.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
_____ __
THESE TERMS cannot be du-
plicated anywhere. Brand new fur-
nishings; house full of reputable
roomers; Income $74 over rent: 22
rooms; price reduced to $1COO; $400
down, balance as you make It In
the house.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
BANK BOOK shows $1500 clear
profit In last 12 months; 15-room.
corner, transient house; worth
S20OO; will take any offer down to
$1250.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION ! GRIFFIN
WANTED — A rooming-house
(worth $1250) and $1250 cash in
exchange for a general merchan-
dise store in country tDwrt; sales
$SO0 to $1400 monthly; trial will
be given; price of store $2500; BIG
•barjaln.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
ONE of our best bargains In
apartment houses: 40 large, light
rooms, always full; price $3000;
rent $150; lease if desired; profit
$173 monthly; house and furnish-
ings In good order: owner leaving
city Is only cause of sale.
M\RION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
Suite 406, Examiner bldg.
MITCHELL & CO.
1200 Market st. Phone Jessie 2081
Rooming ar.d apartment houses, hotels, fiati.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
. MITCHELL & CO.
PARTLY furnished house, 18 room*, sunny,
downtown. :>laln but neat; price $750; hav-
ing other property must sell. Exclusively
with MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
23 ROOMS: rent $30; lease; clears J75; good lo-
cation; $500 cash, balance easy terms; $15C0.
Exclusive with MITCHELL & CO.
45 ROOMS downtown, fine furniture $3000
24 rooms, central, everything new....$«00 cash
30 room-, downtown, transient J2..00
14 rooms. Sutter, rent $57 ......$1000
10i> rms.. all rented, new furnish.. $6000 cash
30 rooir.s, fin^ corner house $r?iX>0
Boarding-house. S rooms, nr. carhouse 5».*>0
Furnished house, H rooms. Mission $450
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT CO., 10 Turk St..
first floor. -.;. ; -J.
?13r>— SPECIAL bargain; flat of 4 nicely fur-
r.lshnd rooms In Rood neighborhood, near
Market st.; oak furniture, good carpets:
everythlnc complete; rent ?10; owner lenv-
lnp city causes the sacrifice. See BROOK-
BANK, 017 Market St., bet. 5th and Oth.
$2S0O— LODGING-HOUSE. 32 rooms, all full
good tenants; net profits $120 per month.
Box 4009. Call.
GREAT b«^?aln if fold at once; 16 good sunny
rooms /• best location in city. Call 413
Mason A.
10 ROOMS, well furnished (housekeeping); rent
$10; yard and stable: bargain. 110 Page st.
SACRIFICE — Make offer; 14-room house; good
location. 2i2 Post st.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. 402 Geary st.; no
ae?nts.
BOAKDIKG rOH CHITiDBEIT.
NURSE living in suburbs, has goats' and
cows v milk, will beard small baby; reas-
onable. Tel. Car>I' 422.
WANTED— School children to board. M.
WALLACE. Fitchburg. Elmhurst. Ala-
meda County.
A LADY would board a child: will have a
pood home. 707 Hampshire -t.
WOMAN Withes to care for a young child.
Hox 4SCG. Call. ¦ ¦
H CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. Al. BERNARD ' THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bide; she reads your, life correctly,!
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; If you, are In
trouble, discontented cr not satisfied"- with
life, or have domestic love or business trou-
' bles, consult this great m«d!um and you will
be tcld how to overcome- them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45(50. j
FROM all sections they come to witness the 1
wonderful demonstrations of the noted i
LIVINGSTONE. -Readings $1. Would It not I
be a relief to know how you will succeed, to |
be relieved of the matters that are troubling
ycu and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better Fuccess? Then for
a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE: 3
separate reception parlors; lady attendants';
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. "
Permanently located at 26% Kearny st.
-RICHARD MAYO
The' Man With; Psychic Power. . .
I The greatest living adviser on the continent.
' FREE TEST. . FREE TEST
I To all who come prepared to have a reading.
421A Ellis St., private flat; hours 10 a. m. to
18 p. m. .
ISMAR. Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
.u. m. to 5 p m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
dny evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER clairvoyant.' medium, born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; 1. 50c: g. by cards $1; palm-
iitry fun life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
Mrs. A. H.Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
THIS ad and 50c entitles you to life reading
at 125 Sixth st. . over book store.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant,- card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. O^^-Eddy st;: no signs.
MRS. SHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings dally. 103 Cth st.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the' well-known fortune-
• teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
BUSHTES3 CHAKCE3 — Continued.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Bt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar: located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateglass windows;
Eture fixtures; large stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doing good business; clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions In city; slck-
ihess; snap; price $3500.
FOR sale— Stationery, school supplies, dress ;
Mnings; well located; cheap rent; doing good
business; 3 living rooms; stock will Invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price JloOO.
CAMERON & CO.. S Eddy St.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
EKON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. ;
FOR sale — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses In
S. F. : cheap rent; horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from S500 to $300 per month; trial given If
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 3Cxl3" feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy fine well; IB minutes' walk from de-
pot- 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Bddy st.
FOR sale — Well -furnished and equipped coun- '
try hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150; 10- year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR rale — Several pood business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry, ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and marry other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
CORNER grocery and bar; doing $30 day busi-
ness; rent but $30; clears $200; nice location;
owner called Kast; must be sold Monday;
$!.''*•¦ NORTON & CO.. 1104 Market bt.
PARTNER wanted with $300O to $5000 In
cash; he will double his money in the first
K months; tlrst-class security will be given
to him. 212 Parrott building.
A DELICATESSEN and grocery; best trans-
ff-r point in the city; large stuck and good
trade; will take cash or property; pay both.
_Box 14, Call office.
A— ?3CO; PARTNER wanted in light mechanl-
<-al business; no previous experience required;
$15 to $.*>r> a week each. 47 Geary st., r. 2.
UNION Bus. Ex., 093 Market — Phone Folsom
3022; saloon for sale: best Market-st. loca-
tion; good paying bus.; must sell at once.
WANTED— To rent Btore with or without fix-
tures; suitable for meat market. Box 102,
C«ll office.
?45O — FINE branch bakery and notion store;
3 liv!r« rooms. Cal. Investment Co., 777Vi
Market st.
FOR F.ale — Saloon. 2CO Ninth St.; inquire
from 10 to 2.
GOOD paying faloon on Third st. (lease>;
must be sold. Call 645 Valencia Bt.
OLD established blacksmith shop; good loca-
tion; very cheap account entering other busi-
ness. Address Blacksmith. P. O. box IIS.
Fruitvale. Cal.
GROCERY and liquor store; must be sold:
• Kood paying corner; large new stock; owner
has other business to attend to. Inquire
Cl>3 Pest st
\VE incorporate and float stock companies; we
hendie unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott square,
Buffalo.
NEW Arkansas oil field— Q. M. Bailey, Mis-
couri Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock,
Ark., can set you an oil lease, trifling ex-
pense. Fortunes from future aalc leases.
A CHANCE for man and wife to make good
without any worry; fine delicacy store; Tay-
lor Ft. Inquire 4'j Mason St., candy Btore.
STORE, notion, confectionery; good for bakery
end candles; must sell; reasonable. 1304
Valencia si.
$2100— DELICATESSEN etore in ¦ Mission for
pale; nicely located for business; good trade.
Box 4410. Call.
CIGAR stand; $250 cash; on busy street; fair
business; good laundry trade, etc.; cheap
rent; for particulars addrcrs box 28, Call,
DELICATESSEN lunchroom; 3 living rooms;
large stock; good business. 407& Van Ness
avenue.
F. L.SKAGGS, HOTEL BROKER,
21". Montgomery St., S. F. ; phone James 0301.
Hotels for sale and to lease throughout West.
FOR sale— $20C0; livery stable, opposite depot;
good burinees ntand. Inquire at Landgraff's
Villa, Mill Valley, Marln Co., Cal.
GOOD paying dance hall, with ealoon; license
first-class; fixtures reasonable. 777% Market.
FOR sale or to lease^ — A small printing office.
Box 545. Call.
J2S0O — FINE-PAYING corner grocery; good
bar trade; rent $40. Inquire 674 Valencia st.
FOR Fal"— Restaurant; average $20 per day.
12 Eichth st.
BAKERY fcr Bale; all cash store trade. 1500
Polk st. •
FOR rale — Grocery store; Btock Al; at In-
voice. 473 Fourth Et.
RESTAURANT for sale, K70 Geary; going
away; part cash; make offer.
FOR sale; — Delicatessen and branch bakery; on
account of sickness; cheap. 27'JO Mission st. j
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply Ban Francisco Call office.
LODQING-aOITSES 7OB SALE.
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Rt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming- Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In fine
block on Post et. ; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new an<j modern throughout; brings In
nice lnccme; furniture in oak. blrdseye
maple, velvet and axmlnster carpets; cost
$1SOO to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $12C0.
21 rooms; ehiap rcnt;""very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; citars $100 per month;
muet leave city; make an offer.
180 rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elr-Kantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $U(K)
per month; close in; full of nice people; bar-
gain If taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership.
Big bargain for one; fl-room flat ele-
gantly furnished C months ago by Sloan at
cost of over $300; rent only 525 per month;
line location; biggezt snap on market; only
$100.
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
•55 B0 prr room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric llphts ana elevator; has 108 rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing
?o50 to $4*,o per month; make offer; owner
must leave city; only with us.
10 rooms; rent $05; good furniture and car-
pets; always full: must Bell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
What do you think? 31 -room apartment -
house; rent only $130; where you can clear
$05 per month; no work; this you can get
for $11CO; wife at hospital.
Well located house close In, with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and carpets In
first-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can ¦ be made to
clear $300; fine business proposition.
Have new. n-.odern S2-room house: rent $375:
• lectrlc lights, elevator, corner: everything
up-to-date; owner will exesarige for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose;
value $70C0 to $10.CC0.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free;' oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
Model apartment-hou?e, 2 an^ 3 rooms each;
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished; 6-year
lease: there are l»O rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness. > _.». -.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on
Geary; nicely equipped throughout: all full
and clearing nice income; price $2000.
60 rooms; new, modern bulldlnj; elegantly
furnished: close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an' up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
7-room modern flat: ciose in; well furnished-
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $250. '
65 rooms: best downtown' commercial houae in
city; clearing now ?3C0 per month; every-
thing first-class condition;' will trade . for
A LONG rCLT WANT 15 SHORTLY SUPPLIED» ¦¦¦ ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,: NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
13
ALAMEDA ADVEKT'SITTS
AT. A MED A BEAT* ESTATE.
FIXB bargain: 2-story: high basement; nla*
large rcoms; gas: bath; all good plumbing;
lot 100x108; west side Lafayette St.; first-
class neighborhood- original price. $10,000;
can be bought for $6000; on easy terms.
E. D. JUDD CO..
ALAMEDA.
$2200— MODERN cottage, 6 rooms; bath and
basement: chicken houses; lot 26x160. J. W.
! JAQUITH & CO.. 1312 Market St.. rooms 413
and 419. Tel. Folsom 3463.
A_AM_DA .COTTAGES TO ' 3UBT.
6-ROOM cottage in central location; stat*
price, size of lot etc Box 76. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'NTS
_ BERKELET REAL ESTATB.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st. Berkeley: 8
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern:
sunny exposure; flne view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCX OTX* (Ina.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st.
Oakland.
FOR sals— Modern 6-room house, nearly new,
' near North Berkeley station; prtc* $3300;
I easy terms. Apply to owner, O. G. MAY.
2231 Cedar St.. Berkeley.
BEBPSLIIT BOOMS A~T> BOABP.
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 University av*.: a fin*,
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
BON.
FRUITVALE ADVEBT'STS
rBUTT— A— _ BEAL ESTATB.
W. B. RUDELL,
Real Estat* and Insurant—.
Corner Frultval* ave. and Washington sC
$1200— House of 8 rooms, barn, chicken-
houses and yard; 4 blocks from car line; 13
minutes' walk fro— station; lot 60x230; terms
If desired; this Is a snap. 0
$&K) — House of 6 rooms; chicken and pigeon
houses, flowers, etc; lot 100x100; near church
and school.
$650— Part cash; lot 60x110; location can't
be beat; close to school and depot; street Im-
provements all finished.
$650^ — $40O cash; house of 8 rooms: In good
location; lot 85x123; ten minutes* walk to de-
sot; close to car line.
$750— House of 8 rooms and bath; city wa-
ter; small barn; 2 blocks from 14th-st ear
line: terms If desired.
$1S5O — Cottag* of 6 nlca rooms, bath, gas;
city water and sewer: on macadamised street;
chicken-houses and yard; fruit tree*, flowars
and berry bushes; on* block- from scboolhouse :
one block from car line; four short blocks from
station; this property can b« bought with
V>0>); balance $18 80 per month.
S2500 — House of 8 rooms and bath;- larg«
stable, chicken-houses and runs; good well
with fore* pump; fruit trees, berry bushes -
and vegetables; corner lot 133x145; 2 blocks
; from car line; reasonable term*.
W. D. RUDELL, Fruitval* ave., Frultval*.
$750 — CHOICE corner lot on Fruitval* ave..
50x125; splendidly located: a snap. BEL-
DEN. 1112 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
OAKLANU ADVERrS'M'Ta
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAgT^AITP BXAL ESTATB.
DR. MERRITT ESTATB PROPERTT FOR
SALE.
We have been appointed, exclusive agents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merritt Hospital
for the sale of all the property belonging to th*
said hospital and fronting on Jackson. Madi-
son. Oak. Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. includ-
ing "The 'Willows," on Oak st.. extending back
t'j Lake Merrttt. recently under option to tha
city of Oakland for park purposes; also th*
Merritt homestead.
We have both improved and unimproved
properties to offer; most desirable realdenc*
: properties la Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE U3.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTT.
W* have been exclusively authorized to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If yotj want
a bargain call or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1032 Broadway.
READ THIS AD BT THE ALDEN CO..
1233 BROADWAT.
A FTNB PAYING INVESTMENT.
$3600—2 flats, with cottage and good lot; In-
come $43 60 per month.
$5000—2 good modern flats, well located, oa
a corner near Broadway: income $30 month.
$7000 — Ne— and all modern flats. 8 larg*
rooms each, near Telegraph ave., rented $79
month, and 4 new modern flats. 22 rooms,
central to Broadway, rented $9« month.
WE HAVE PHOTOGRAPHS OF ALT*
THESE BARGAINS AT THE OFFICE OF
THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 BROADWAY. OAK-
LAND. >
BELDEN*S BARGAINS.
$3000 — Extra cholc* lot In Lakesld* district
for home or Jlats; 60x100; on Fourteenth st.
near Madison.
$450 will buy a 23x123 lot on Seventh aT*.;
convenient to Key Route and lays well up on
the hill.
$1312— Fins lot. COxlOO, en Sixth av*. near
East Tenth st; choic* neighborhood and near
station.
$1073 — Lot 87:6x136. en Eighth st, soar
Campbell; reduced from $1600.
$600 will buy lot 104x133. or 60 feet for $38O|
on Magnolia St.. near Kay Rout*; grab It quick
for a speculation.
BELDEK. REAL ESTATE,
1113 Broadway, Oakland.
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY.
Key Route Station. 40th and Telegraph av*.
Only $1550 — For lot 100x110. with sawer: on*
block to station; good location for 3 house*.
$1S5O — Cottage: street .work complete; on*
block from station.
$1250 — Cottage, near station; lot 23x110.
$137B — 4- room cottage, bath and basement;
a rood renter; lot 37:6x110.
$100 cash and easy Instalments for good
, building lot within short walk or station.
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY,
Key Route Station, 40th and Telegraph a—..
Central Oakland.
$375 CASH, $13 monthly; new bay-window cot-
tage of 4 rooms: nice basement; brick foun-
dation; good, Al well of water, chlckea
houses; 14 lots. 173x245; mor* ground may
~ be had cheap; sandy loam soil: an ideal
home, away from fogs and raw winds: near
cars and flne grammar school; section build-
ing up fast: price in all $2000. Call or send
for circular. 455 7th st. opposite Broadway
' station, Oakland ; carriage free. H. Z. JONE3.
" '
A BP~riAL BARGAIN.
$3200 for a corner store with flats abov*. In-
cluding small cottage In rear of lot; located In
West Oakland: must be sold on account of
sickness. Se* P. C. LA33SN A CO.. 466 Teats
¦t.. Oakland. .'-' '
—HERB IS A BAROABT!
$1800 only for a 6-room house, with small
store; good location. Se* P. C Lassen A Co..
466 Tenth st. Oakland.
LOTS' . LOTSt LOTS!
26 choice lots on Villa av*.. b*t tth and 9th
I aves. at Golden Gate Station. Alt cash, or
I easy" terms If desired. Will be on ground Sun-
i day. bet 10 a. m. and 3 p. m. We*k day*.
] c. k. KINO. 464 Ninth st. Oakland.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Ptsdmrat}
fin* neighborhood: good location: Mar ear
lire; will sell cheap: must be .eento b* a»-
preclated-Appry to K. MORRI3. 8~ 38t!> »t.
oaxx»a~d r~ycns~E~ houses.
FINE flat for rent, furniture for sal*: on ac-
count of party leaving we have an extra
fine new modern flat of 5 Urge, bright sun.
ny rooms clos* in. that will b* rented for
s«»7i0 per monttr from December 1; flne.
laree sunny yard, etc.: the furniture is only
about two months oLl and cost over $800:
this will be sold for $4i«; 10 one who Is only
boarding and wanting to go to housekeeping
this is a rare chance; $22 will rent fine upper
flat of 5 nice, svnny rooms at (04 Twenty-
firth at Apply to JAMES S. NAISMITH.
534 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ment* Se* Page 14.
SEAI. ESTATE— CT^TT^— FOB SAI.S.
BALDWIN <& HOWEI—,
Real Estate Agents. %
Rents Collected. Taxes Paid.
Stnd us your name and we will forward
you a booklet called "Buyer and Seller."
giving a full list of choice real estate hold-
ings offered for sale.
$14,000 — Steiner-st. corner; flne business prop- ]
erty, consisting of 2 stores, 2 flats and
stable; rents for $110 per month; lot
4SxSl:3.
$11,000— Fremont st; right In the business
center; lot 50:6x02:tJ: frame Improve-
' : menta; Just the place for factory, etc.
$«.90P— Sacramento, near Cherry: 2 new flats
of 6 and 6 rooms and bath; rent tor
$05 per month; lot 25x127:8%.
$8,300— In the best part of the Mission dis-
trict; 4 brand new flats, containing 4
rooms and bath each; thoroughly mod-
ern; rent for $364 per year and all
rented. Call at once.
|4,50O— Guerrero, near 2Cth;nlce cottage of
6 rooms and bath; lot 28x92:6; in good
condition. Comfortable little home.
$3.600— Here's a>flne little Investment In the
vicinity of Clay and Powell; frame Im-
provements, renting for $40 per month.
Don't fall to investigate this.
1160.000— McAllister St.. near Market; large lot,
with 2 frontages. 75x137 :«. with L
25x87:6; old Improvements. Splendid
site for new brick building.
. fT.OOO— Seventh ave.. near Lake; 2 nnr mod-
em fiats of 6 and 8 rooms and bathj
lot 25x120; rent for $53 per month. \
$12.600— Central ave., near McAllister: three
elegant new modern flats of 6, o and 7
rooms and bath, renting for $110 per
month; lot 25x106:3- basement could be
converted Into another flat.
$21,000— Fell-st. corner; 8 new modern flats
of 4, 5 and 8 rooms and bath; rent for
$192 60 per month. On the car line
and vtry sunny.
BRANCH OmCB B_LDWD* * HOWBBU
Corner H st and Seventh a**.. /
Sunset District >
Headquarters for property north ana sooth
of the Park.
Agents for Parnassus Heights, from First to
Seventh aves. and from H it to Parnassus
ave.; a perfect residence site. r>
$1400 and upward— Beautiful residence lots
In this district facing Golden Gats Park; bi-
tumlnlxed streets, cement sidewalks, flne view;
elegant homes going up rapidly.
$1000— Choice home lots on 21st av«.; on
car line and fronting Golden Gata Park; $150
cash. 1 $10 per month; only a few left; see
them to-day.
$250, $300 — Boulevard lots between M and
N. facing the ocean; $50 cash. $5 per month.
$550 and upward — Grand marine view lots
on Sutro Heights Addition, adjoining Sutro
Heights, the Golden Gate Park and th« Pacific
Ocean; the most beautiful suburban residence
tract in this city; nothing to equal it on the
market; handy to three car lines; your own
terms.
$75 and upward— Lots scattered throughout
the Sunset and Richmond districts; it pays
you to call on us before buying a lot
14150 — 2 beautiful 6-room homes 1 new. mod-
ern and up to date; ttrms. - 1
$5400 — 2 colonial residences, elegantly fin-
ished; 7 rooms, social hall, finished bsmt., eto.
$6000— 2 colonial residences, well built and
of modern architecture; on the choicest avenue
of Parnassus Heights: 2S feet frontage; see
them; your own terms.
We have cottages and houses of 8 or more
rooms from $1000 upward; see us; our phaeton
and salesman always on hand, -to show you
around.
Call on BALDWIN A -HO WELL,
Branch Office,
Corner H st and Seventh ave., Sunset.
/ PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Positively must be sold.
That stately home, 2617 Buchanan St., be-
tween Broadway. and Pacific ave.; lot 34x109:
fine neighborhood; grand marine view; 11
rooms. 2 baths, finished basement and attic;
woodwork oak and Spanish cedar: heated by
furnace and has 4 open fireplaces In addition;
in absolutely perfect condition; original cost
$25,000, but will be sold at a great sacrifice;
all offers submitted, as a quick sale is Impera-
tive; key at office.
THORNS & KILPATRICK.
816 Bush st. near Montgomery. _- _
FOR sale — Extra well built new house; "only
one left of 22 recently built In this block: en
Ashbury Heights; a locality of elegant homes;
superb view; this home is ,the home of home
building; contains 7 rooms (all sunny), base-
ment and attic; plenty of large closets; we
have a model kitchen; you never saw one
like it; It will pay you to Inspect this home.
«93 Clayton ft. 3 blocks south of Haight;
JOHN STIERLEN. owner, on premisea.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 I>ER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract;
level as a billiard table; on grade; close to
flne school and Mission street electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, flne lots, near
Ocean Boulevard: best residence location
south Of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE,
20 Montgomery st, r/ 8. Phone Main 5704.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS." *
REAL ESTATB AGENTS.
¦ MONTGOMERY ST.
DOWNTOWN.
OVER 75x137:6.
EXTRA LARGE. -
NEAR TRANSFER POINT.
OFFER INVITED.
CAN BE DIVIDED FOR 2 BUYERS.
$3000— COTTAGE, 7 rooms, modern: lot 25x110;
on McAllister st J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St., rooms 413 and 419; teL
Folsom 8463. "
CHEAP home: new, modern cottage; high
basement and attic; all street work com-
plete; easy terms. Inquire on premises, 4373
Mission st.
$1400— TERMS If desired; 86-ft front; block
of 19th and Valencia; street work complete.
The Dolan Co-. r 1^07 Market, opp. Franklin.
MODERN cottage on terms same as. rent. Ap-
ply owner, lumber yard corner Condon and
Army st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association, 427 Crossley bid.
A NEW 6- room residence. Just completed; se*
owner. 625 Seventh ave.. Richmond.
HOUSES built cheap; plans .free. Builder.
i room 436, Parrott building. '
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbera. 836 Howard at
REAL ESTATE— COUNTBT— For Sale.
$27,000—210 ACRES. 2 MILES FROM ST.
Helena, moat highly Improved land. 6*
acres, resistent. full bearing vineyard, homes
flne modern buildings (complete like city
homes), with gas plant, hot and cold run-
ning water; telephone; splendid under ground
sewer system; latest patent plumbing, etc.,
with flne redwood park, and valuable water
rights. This Is one of the moat complete
country homes in California. For particu-
lars call at 1115 Broadway, room 18 to
• owner. Dr. R. E. BAUSKg,
$1000— RANCH 14 acres, fenced with barbwire;
4 acres in white oak timber; 6 acres In apri-
cot orchard: also family orchard; nicely lo-
cated in Santa, Clara Valley. J. W, JA-
QUITH & (X)., 1312 Market st, rooms 413 |
and 419. Tel. Folsom 3468.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
153 acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's bom*.
SHADBURNK. 406 Montgomery st
FOR sale— 84 acres of good level land; sub-
divided into small tracts If desired. This
¦ land Is right at Rutherford. Napa County,
Cal. Call on or 1 address the owner. T. B
EDINGTON. at Rutherford.
471 ACRES. 15 miles southeast of Stockton-
sandy: Irrigable: magnificent opportunity for
dairy farm, or subdivision. Owner. 434 34th
I , st. Oakland.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKER8!
' Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO
Wi Market st.
SAN MATEO BEA_ E3TATB.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electric
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts •
outside the fog belt, and Just beyond where 1
th* S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff" win Join '
th* main line; 60-foot lots from $400 up-
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes in front of every lot: purs
artesian well • water: 175 lots sold since
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot in this desirable section: take the
electric cars and get off at "LOMITV
PARK" and Investigate: map* sent on ap-
plication. - , 1
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main »73. . 1H California at.
"~* TOR 1 "
160-acre fruit ranch, in full bearing; mostly
peaches, " 16 acres alfalfa, splendid buildings,
all necessary fruit houses, drier and trays.
In fact fully equipped for handling the crop-
price $25,000; " will sell on easy terms or ex-
change for good property in San Francisco or
Oakland; good reason* for • selling. J. H.
EDSON sole agent 14 and 15 Bacon block.
Oakland. Cal.
MONET TO TiOAN — Continued.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
BTAlt Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. B_ bldg.
AJLL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 633 Kearny.
8 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
¦ Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
MONET WANTED.
WANTED— From private party. $300 at 1 per
cent; good security. Box 900. Call office.
MISCEI.r^NEOUS— FOB BA__.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decko balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
FOR sale — Full 6tock of hunting dogs, broken
and unbroken; eetters and spaniels, St Ber-
nards, collies, cockers, French poodles and
dachshund, skye and flne bulldog, shipped to
all parts C. O. D. at half ratec. College Ken-
nels (largest In the State), 115 Haight at,
phone Park 442. Doga boarded.
I 2D- HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — 7 tons ground chile; storage paid to
April 1, 1905; ground from first-class stock;
coat lf>o per lb. net; submit offers. E. J.
MERCEREAU, 411 Grant\bldg^ Los Angles.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and eealskias for sale on small weekly pay-
. merits; goods delivered on • first payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW, 253-255 Bpear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for Bale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st
A SNAP — On account of sickness, delicatessen
store; good locality; near large apartment-
houses. Box 174. Call.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at. Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot- form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d ¦t,_B_am. bid.; catalog free.
70 HP. boiler, 70 hp. automatio engine, $750; 40
hp. boiler, 30 hp. aut eng. $400; good as
new. SWEENEY & CO., 85 Tremont st
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 13. upstairs.
MACHINERY for stern-wheel steamer; large
marine boiler, 50 and 150 h. p. ; surface con-
denser. JARDINE, 220 Fremont st.
GENTS and boy's bicycle in good condition!
cheap. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 818 Mason st
CHEAP — 15-Jeweled Elgin gent's watch; new;
20-year case. Box 166, Call office.
SECOND-HAND photo developing outfit; bar>
gain. BULLEN, 019 Hampshire St.
FOR sale — 25 harwood chairs. 1800 Church
street.
FOR sale — Newfoundland pup; male. 127 Beu-
lah at
FOUR young thoroughbred English foxterriers
at $5 apiece. 1828 Powell st.
SMALL gas range, almost new. cheap. 1469
Sacramento st.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter puns. 1114
Vermont »t. 1
GAS radiator; also 2-burner stove, nearly new,
$4. 113 Point Loboa ave.
1000 CASES assrtd. wines, champagnes, .$4 ca.
Johaiinenberg Wine Vaults, 517 California.
FOR sale — Cheap, fresh family cow. 241
Sweeney St., oS San Bruno road.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Butter st
ELEGANT walnut bank counter, with grill;
bargain. MEEK. 909 Mission st
DEEP- WELL, drilling outfit; steam power.
William- Edward & Co.. Ill Fremont st.
STOVES disconnected and connected; $2 50;
plumblng.gasfltng.409 McAUlster;tel.Mint 3006
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes BpoU and
ttalns; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 623 Market st.
SAFES and canh registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, Bash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. I SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ROOMS papered, ?4 up: tinting. palntimr.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought !»old and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st; tel. South 811;
MOVING piotures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 807 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont St.
MISCE-SANEQ— S WANTS.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' caat-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st.
; DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405. Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
Levy & Redler, highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoea; tel. Red 1644. 615 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 3916.
WANTED— No. 73A pocke_,kodak, with or
without lens. Box 1535/Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Lathe; must be cheap. Box 904,
Call office. ¦ ,.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS..
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
. A dmall upright, good order...... ...$55
One a little better, a snap.. $95
Etcdartr mahogany case, fine condition.. $135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fispher, thoroughly repaired $160
Bethsteln. a high-grade German Instru-
ment : $170
Also a Chtckering, Vose, Stelnway, Weber,
Mason & Harnlin, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16
O'Farrell st __!_!_
ARISTOCRAT > among pianos— the Gabler;
oldest, exclusive, high-class piano In Amer-
1 "ica; over 50.000 sold In the past 60 years.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.. S.
F.; 1252 Broadway. Oakland; manufacturers
of the Peerless Heine; largest stock and
• greatest variety; installments and rents $2
up; prices from $25 to $1000.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month; one year's, rental allowed if pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House, 216 McAllister Bt. . x . -
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Pierce" s Piano Factory, Market & 14th sts.
FOR sale — A fine upright' piano; cheap for
cash; call evenings. 708 McAllister st. -.-.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. ' BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORES TO _ET.
TO rent— Corner store and 6 rooms; all. Im-
provements. Call 2051 23d st. cor. Alabama.
TWO or three front sunny office rooms. 1122
Market st. . • - ¦-¦¦ \
PHYSICIANS AND SUBOEONsT
DR." C~ C. Q' DONNELL— Of flee and~Mriaenca!
1021^4 Market sf. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal - diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market, at. - - ......
REMOVED— DR." WONG HTO, herb* doctor.
- treats all diseases of ;the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo«
cafred at 667 Geary st'. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dls-
. eases cured by Chinese herba 746>8 Clay st/
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
¦ positively ; new • methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. CotUngham. 204 Sutter.
HOB SE S^AND_J~"AOONS. _
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, 8. F.
OPEN hack, $200; good condition. Apply bet.
10 and 11, 623 Ninth ave., Richmond district
WANTED — Two horses In exchange for piano.
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st
GOOD all-round black horse, sound and gentle,
$50. 14 Golden Gate ave.
RUBBER tired buggy and harness for sale.
Box 4010. Call.
FOR sale — Team- of horses, wagon and har-
ness. Box 4609, Call.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
FOR sale— Handsome pony; ride or drive; gen-
tle; $40. 1318 Grove st.
FOR sale — C second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale at.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har.
ness, work, & driving horses. lSth-Valescla.
LOST AND rO~ND,, £
LOST— Lady's blue-face gun metal watch and
cameo fob. Reward If returned to 2015
Golden Gate ave.
LOST— Silver rhinestone and peart brooch; val-
ued as keepsake. Reward at 1235 Bush st.
LOST — A pass book. with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
names of GEORGE ZIEGLER or AMALIA
ZIEGLER. No. 255-1219. Th« finder will
please return to bank.
LOST — A 6-dlamond hoop ring, with
crowned Fetting; more valuable to owner
as an heirloom; $40 reward. Return <o 823
Sutter st.
LOST — Package containing account books and
rasa book with California Safe Deposit Co.
Reward returned Room 12, 61 Third st; no
questions. ¦
$3 REWARD if returned to 627- Hayes *«t the
two souvenir spoons found in purse lost at
Hayes and Octavla st».. Wed. evening.
LOST— Large pointer dog: white with liver
colored spots, wearing a spiked collar; lib-
eral reward. 30 Liberty st.
WILL the party who picked up a lady's hand-
| bag at the Cosmos restaurant return same
I Immediately? Ebe is well known.
LOST— An opportunity to sell CHICLETS by
a candy store that sold out.
LOST — A gold plain band ring; return to
333 Jessie st. '
I.*— ITCHES FOB ~I»S.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
et: for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 634.
MEDXCA&.
LADIES who are in trouble, or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex. can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the enly graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market it. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldeet specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confide m me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1; est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEfaT. office 306 Kearny at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fa-
ma la foubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008V& Market st.. opp. 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. U44 Post st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
ciallnt, has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience In female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no druga; when others
fail see the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Ho'me. 412 Taylor st. near Geary.
VALPEAU'S remale pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
adv^-e free. Office. 10] S Market St. '
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, elck or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
Bt. ; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. TeL East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sur<\ never fails;
$2. 'Tleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny It Clay.
DR. ROSKN. residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2*ith: iadles. relief or no fee: $10. ,
MATTHESSEB AND PII.I.0 WS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.: phone South 216.
MTLLINEBY.
FALL clearance eale — Every article in the
store 'greatly reduced; colored or shaded
plumes half price; black or white plumes at
wholesale price; velvet 60c yard; French felt
60c yard: 15c braid, 8c yard; finest chenile
braid 3Oc yard; frames, 15c and 25c each;
no reserve. Fleur de Us Millinery, 684 Mc-
Allister St., near Franklin. -
MUTES AND J—tNINO.
WANTED — Man to place capital stock, silver
and copper mine, Mexico; only experienced
need apply; good proposition; salary and
commission. Box 7fi9. Call.
MONEY^TO_I.OABr v J_ ¦
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY ~anc)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN..
INTEREST 3% AND 6 PER CENT..V.
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRT
PROPERTY
Eecond mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests In property
' purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5024.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
eOl-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlement*; no disappointments. j
Save expenses by. dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
> esta, assignments of rents, property in trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
¦ When You Need Money, ,
See HERMAN MURPHY. .
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage! on real estate
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest. •
r v _-,4 Give full particulars
Q of property,"
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on' diamonds, valuables etc., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises. for free use
of customers.
SALARY LOANS— ' '' -. . ¦: ; •
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
| any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 463 Parrott' bid.
A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market: tel. Mala 1044. Branch 19 Third.
I MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
' chants, teamsters, boarding-bouses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 48
' principal cities. Tolman, 653 Pnr-rott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, eto. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st..
near Market. - ¦
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal Lean Co., 623 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2G Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people wlthout'seourity; on furni-
ture. Indorsed totes and other security. 3.
. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg. .
MONEY to loan at • low Interest ; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and • precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAI/8, .10^ Sixth st
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable Interest A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security, ffhe Whits
Co.. ; 420 California st. : rooms 14 and 10. 1
JSE^^ANTED— MJ^Ej— Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
I'fcone Main 5S48.
Leading Employ ment and Labor Agents. y
We speak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
18<»3 we gave 1904 we hope to
60.COO men work. Increase 60,000.
OREGON.
OREGON. FREE FARE. OREGON.
COAL MINERS.
Ship to-day. Free fare. Ship to-day. [
10 coal irflners, good mine to work in. $1
per ton paid, good money can be made at
tbe Job, $3 to ?B day.
SHIP ,TO-DAY.
FREE FARE. ASK ABOUT IT.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Choreman and gardener, mine company, $30
found; grainer and painter, $3 50 day.
FARMERS— DAIRIES.
14 farmers plow teamEters, $26 to $35 and
found: 4 milkers. fSO to $4O found; 6 chore-
Ti(n and boy*, private and ranches.
Millman. furniture factory. .
FARMER AND WIFE.
Farmer and wife, Oregon. $400 a year.
Farmer and wife, south, JSO aad found.
COOKS, ETC.
14 cooks, waiters and kitchen help, city and
country: porter: butchers: dishwasher, in-
stitution, country. $25 and found.
Andrew gtelger. cook, please communicate.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st
~~~~ specials;
Fireman, oil burner, near city |2 76 day.
Pipe fitter, factory, near city, $3 day.
Pcwderroan, rock work, near city, $2 CO
day.
SAIL.MAKERS.
5 eallmakers, steady Job, city, $3 50 to $4
day.
1ft laborers, near city, $1 75 day.
Nirht porter, city store. $40.
FOREMAN.
Working foreman, vineyard, see boss here.
COOK, MINE.
Cook for mine, a good Job. $60 found.
Porter, city store, good Job, $10 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st
MEN — The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
I Moler Barber College. 649 Sacramento st.
I Lately moved from Clay st.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN!
Clerical, technical and palesmen, paying
from *10Oft to *5000 year: communication
ftrictlv confidential: offices in Bt Louis and
8 other cities. Call or write Pacific Commer-
cial Bureau <Inc). 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
WANTED— Manager for Jewelry and station-
ery department in large store; must under-
stand these lines thoroughly: state age, ex-
perience, reference and salary expected. Ap-
ply box 16.3. this office.
WANTED— Man capable of managing a crock-
ery and household goods department In de-
rartmrnt *tr>re: r»od opening for right par-
ty: stats ace. expertenoe. reference; also
salary. Apply box 160. this office.
WANTED — Man to represent St. Louis corpo-
ration In Ean Francisco: salary $100 month;
references and small investment required.
Apply 906 Mutual Bank building.
AMERICA?? Employment Bureau. 642 Commer-
cial Bt., phon» Bush S33. — Man and wife for
dairy company near th<» city, man to do
chores, wife to cook; good salary; call early.
YOUNG bootblack, barber 6hop. Park ave.,
brtween Holli* and Holden sts., near race-
track. Emeryville.
CLOTHING salesmen in the men's and Juven-
ile department! 1 . Apply superintendent's of-
fice, the Emporium.
SWELL 2-chair barber-shop for sale: doing
nice business; owner retiring. 25S4 Market.
BARBER-SHOP for rale; old established
place; fine location. 223 Ea?t St.
FOR sale — Good paying 10c 4-chalr barber shop
6 laundry office: guaranteed. 527 Sacramento.
THOROUGHLY experienced silk and dress
goods salesman wanted. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods bundle wrapper. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
DRUO clerk: first-class prescription man; one
speaking German preferred; none but com-
petent men need apply. Box 79S. Call office.
BOYS wanted to Bell "Success"; you can earn
good money. ERNEST SMITH. 429 Mont-
gomery st.; coin store.
BARBERS, attention — Barber shops bought and
sold. Colemen's Exchange, room 8Oti. Mu-
tual Bank bldg.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $S3 per menth. Box 950, Call office.
GET your ehoes half-soled whl!e waiting; 25o
to 60e. 671 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
WANTED — Ordinary and able seaman. THOM-
AS MURRAY, Shipping Agent HO Davis st.
A JAP wanted. 610^ Jessie et
A PLEASANT faced, flne appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must b» quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail
and custom-hou— positions. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg., 1095 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 220 rooms; 25c to 6Oc per night.
WANTED — M— to fill 350 rooms at 2Oo per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st, where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 min., 76c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson at.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
1 Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION atty., E. A- Bullls, r. 40, Pbelan bid.
Pact Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading rocms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
52H55SJS5Ljy?2!:
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office. ,-*.:'
PLEASANT house; 7 rooms, bath: carpets and
some furniture for sale. 943 McAllister st
TWO self-contained houses. Nineteenth st,
between Mission and Valencia.
TO let — Rear house; 4 rooms; 1332 Larkln st.
Apply 1350 Larkln «t s. -
HOTTSES TO LET— FTJESTgHEP.
PACIFIC ave.. 1905— Handsomely furnished
bouse of 8 rooms; piano; furnace; everything
complete; marine view; neighborhood un-
surpassed ; rent reasonable for 4 or 6 months.
HOWARD, 2130. near Eighteenth— Well fur-
nished 8 rooms, etc.; rent reasonable.
A MODERN sunny furnished house, 10 rooms,
2 baths, garden, yard; whole, part 410 Oak.
HOUSES r~~NIS~ED — FOB BAI.E.
A VERY sunny, light. 5 -roomed flat,' fur-
nished. $125; flat to let rent $14. 178 Col-
llngwood Bt. nr. 16th and Caatro. '
COTTAGES, VT ANTED.
RESPONSIBLE party wants cottage or house
of « rocms and yard. Richmond, Ashbury or
Wejtern Addition preferred; references given.
Box 712. Call., _______»__
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van , Ne*s ave. —
This first -class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
tratcn or year. Location is unsurpassed. . The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, eunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
ICON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
N. T.. and Moar.a Hotel. Honolulu.
HOUSE-CXEANINO OFFICES.
JAl'AXlisE houeecleanlng* company , and shoe-
maker. «ls Gough st; phone Howard 3583.
_____ . ¦¦ _^ r
"R.E.X.R.A.D.I.O.'S B.TJ.L.L.B.T.I.N"
"V. ON- MEDICAL" healing (solely) by human-,
Ized radium power; for ALL, diseases deemed
INCURABLE by others; possible benefits
usually QUICK, often INSTANT; terms to
suit means;' office hours 2 to 7; free lec-
ture and PUBLIC HEALING 2 and 8 p. m.
TO-DAY. Radium Hall. 783% Market, cor.
Fourth. '
-
"SAMPLES ONLT"— The following are but
a few sample cases out of the MULTITUDE
successfully treated last week: ¦ .
"CRIPPLE LEAPS" — Inflammatory rheuma-
tism stiffened my spine and limbs, could
barely CREEP along; last Tuesday Rexradlo
straightened me out and Umbered me up;
raised limbs naturally, RAN and LEAPED.
Many similar cases.
"LIFE SAVED" — "At the 'crisis* ot danger-
_oua disease be saved^my^llfe^
-DEATH AVERTED"— "Rexradlo speedily,
thoroughly cured me, of dreadful malady,
which slowly but surely leads to certain
death." -j
"SCIATICA" B DEMON FANGS exquisitely
tortured me; Rexradlo's power ipeedlly slew
this GILA ¦ MONSTER and I entered a
PAINLESS PARADISE." '
"IT STAYS"— "Rexradio cured my OASTRI-
TTS in July; I stay cured.
•THE FIERY FURNACE of Typhoid Fever
was consuming me; Rexradlo quickly quench-
ed It and delivered me." ¦
."COULDN'T STOOP through Lumbago: qulck-
ly, painlessly stooped and touched floor with
hands last week." (Numerous others.)
"NO RETURN TICKET"— "My canoer left
many weeks ago and havln&_no return ticket
it remains away." '
"PILLORIED FOR YEARS" by deforming
"articular" rheumatism. Joints solid and
"Immovable." helpless, entirely waited on
by others, lifted from and into bed, racked
with severest pains all over, groaning with
agony If even lightly touched, lying in bed
like a itatue of marble, Mrs. Knowles. 879
Bartlett by Rexradlo's ONE treatment was
Instantly able to freely, naturally, move
each loosened Joint roe« unaided from bed.
and seated herself in a chair; first time in
years; her excruciating pains ceased and be-
ing at her request vigorously slapped she
declared the blows produced no pain; her
cheery welcome awaits "visitors"; she will
grasp and shake your hand with the hands
so long solid, and unable to close. SEE
HER.
"FIRMLY LOCKED JOINTS." due to AN-
CHYLOSIS in several cases recently, have
been UNLOCKED and set at liberty by the
MASTER KEY of Rexradlo's "humanized
Radium." (Proofs.)
DISLOCATED VERTEBRA." — One of the
spine bones thrown out of place protruded
outward Iv, producing PARALYSIS; Rex-
radlo's wfjiderful power replaced It, also re-
moved the paralysis so I could run and
LEAP; see me." A precisely similar case
had a like benefit a week since.
"IN ITS TOILS" — Acutely painful RHEUM-
ATISM had m« In its toils: couldn't stoop_.
raise feet scarcely walk; Rexradlo touched
me twice and, stooping, I touched the floor
,with my hands, raised feet high. RAN and
LEAPED freely, painlessly; pains all gone
and smart slapping did not hurt. where ( the
least touch had produced agony before.
"MUSIC IN HI3 HEAD"— Totally deaf pa-
tient complained of hissing, crackling, roar-
ing and MUSICAL sounds In his head: after
(one) treatment he heard a WHISPER and
said "All those noises have ceased and even
my MUSICAL BOX haa RUN DOWN."
"FAR REACHING" treatment — Numerous pa-
' tienta have been successfully treated for
various diseases hundreds of miles away
without seeing Rexradlo.
"SETV'ERAL PHYSICIANS" . testify they SAW
Rexradlo treat alleged "incurable" diseases
with amazing success. (Names at offices.)
"LIKE MAGIC" — I saw the large CANCER
before R's (single) treatment; after, it was
lott to sight and touch. It was like magic.
"DANGER POINT'— Rexradlo'J (one) treat-
ment at once removed my bedridden friend s
agonies when her acute disease had reached
the "alarming" danger point; next day she
rose WELL.
"PERMANENT RESULTS" — One treatment
may and often does secure surprising re-
sults, the possible permanence of which de-
pends on a limited number of further dally
treatments. . y-^
"PUBLICITY'> Is objected to by the above pa-
' ttents. hence their "names'* are not here
published, but persons similarly afflicted will
find them at the offices.
"$1000 FORFEIT" if cases above reported are
not absolutely "genuine."
"REXRADIO" (non-medical) humanized Ra-
dium healer. Office hours 2 to 7. Free lec-
ture and "public" healing TO-DAY. 2 and 8
p. m. Every person In audiences can have a
"sample" of Rexradlo's healing force. RA-
DIUM HALL. 783 H Market, corner 4th.
A — A GREAT reduction for this month only;
it Is between seasons; a special reduced rate
on prices made from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1 for
wrinkles, bagginess. plttlngs and freckles;
from this date I will be in my office from
10 to 6 dally; will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS, Beautyder-
mlst 128 Geary st
LADIES— If you have wrinkles, smallpox plt-
tlngs. bagginess of eyes or any blemish of
the face, Mme.' GUlingham invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and im-
proved method, known to no other in this
city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton st: write for booklet .¦'¦Z r - '¦¦
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Pork.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralycls, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years ; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 40 Turk St., 8. F.
OXYGEN massage treatments cure all nerv-
ous troubles. Office 320 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary st. ; MRS. HOLSHOUSER, mag-
netic specialist; treatments $2 each.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 FlUmore st. : phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 OO
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 840 Post st, near Powell.
DETECTIVE — Private detective; all classes le.
• gltimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS, 816 O'Farrell. Pione Sutter 2634.
TO the sweetest girl In town — Your confection-
er has those CHICLETS for you. ."¦<••.;
ELEGANT putts to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market
H. ANDERSON, 28 O'Farrell st. — Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO., the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $13 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St.. bet Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In flne clothing. 1
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superflitous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs. •
Eaton, 3(19 3utter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; drewi pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country > orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mtet
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color.$l at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa I
been opened at 1008 Market st. opposlts '
F'fth. Open until 11 p. m. -
PAPSKHA~QI"Q. PAXaTTrWO. E~C
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. > C. RO-
MAINE. . 1067 McAllister St.; tel. Fell 2403.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
PATENTS..
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
¦ .torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
, PtTRCEASTNO AGENCIES.
CLARA~E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 306 Larkln at., room 49: tel. South 319.
FBOFESTY WANTED. ¦
WANTED — House and few acres, near school
and car line; Berkeley or Palo Alto pre-
ferred: state lowest cash price sale or rent.
Box 170. Call of flee. ._.¦•¦¦- »
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ¦
THE regular monthly dividend of 0 cents per
share on the preferred stock of the United
Milk Company . is now payable . at the office
at th« comoany at 624 Montgomery st.
nreMTT~B~ ros sa_ e.
i-.i.M'.Y MATER pays hifhest prices for fur-
:i!*.ure. ciufjirts. etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush S13
ilKNITT'ItE of elcht rooms for tale. 90S
;... : i. :a st. ; no reascn&ble offer refused.
FO& ea'.e — Ciipper-cd£e bed: also other furni-
:ur*; call tu-raorrow. 49'J Eddy st
jPuaarrriiBE wactted.
ABE —EVY^ ™ ~~~
fn>Ercom. »135 Market «t. Tel. Jexste 7«1.
liuii't cell your furniture, carpets, ollice fur-
$ '...:ure. etc.. until you get his estimate.
V.U-L pay 20 i-er oer.t more for luraiture than
Oeaicra or will »»'.l en commission. L. H.
_L"!'UD, auc. 1CS6 Market; phor.e Jessie 23S6.
• .' KL on Altn.-d Wo:ij>ert. 773 Mission at., be-
i.re t filing ycur furniture. Phone Red 4462.
j&EXJ? WAaria— pehale.
4 COOKS, city $30, $35
' 'ock, BOOK bCQMVttiC f 23
Housiv.ork, 5 uJults, city $30
:> men and wives i $40, $<H). $(J5
3 second e'.\ Is J $20. $J5
Housework, 3 in family. Stockton, see !a.dy |
at 11 o'clock $30
Cocking dor 9 people, Palo Alto $25
Xurse ana upstairs girl *20
Huiler and valet J*5
Waitress, commercial hotel, country $20
C"h_mb-?— ia:d and waitress, country $25
I'pstalrs girl aud seamstress, city, ref $23
Housework, country, 2 in family $25
44 houfcegirl* for the city, good wages and nice
places. Cali to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
<S34 gutter st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with second work.
$15; r.urpegiri. must sleep home, $15: recond
girt, $25: housework g:rl $33: cook and sec-
ond g:rl. Onklar.d. $30 and $25; and a number
of houseplrts. «25 and $30. MRS. NORTON.
60S Ma<os st.
A— WANTED — G'.rU to learn hatrtr* selng,
tsanicurlcf etc.; trade taught from A to Z
!n 2 we«ks • tuition J5 to those entering now ;
three position! to fill Immediately; portions
guaranteed at $30 r f r week up; kaiing
school in West. 2:53 Geary st.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
rali season; both seasons taught from start
*.o ftrJ*h In one month fcr $5; positions aa
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 poeitiens to be filled im- !
taedlateJy. Parlors. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC Col>ge teach«s hairdrejsln*-,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
jractice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognised ccl'«se of its kind on coast: day
end evening classes; all parlor work at r»-
<!u<-e<j prie*#. 133 Powell st.
A WRAPPER wanted; must be thoroughly ex-
perienced to t£ke charge of wrappinp depart-
ment; pood wages and steady position to
right party. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis.
WANTED — Toung girl for general ht>u— work
ani cooking; email family: German preferred;
wages $25. 171*. O'Farrell St.; call between
i b. m. and 1 p. m.
CIRL, fcr penerol housework, for Sonora, Tuol-
::tnne Co.. " in family: fare paid; nice Amer-
ican family: salary $L>5. 0. F. CROSETT &
• "O.. 334 Sutter ct.
LA PIES sending us rtmrt letters get $25 per
HO; vty secure 1; *nclos<! ctiiTped «iv«lofM>.
<>cwn Manufactuung Co.. Valparaiso, Ind.
!;XPiZHIENCEI> woman to do stamping on
'•n<*r.s. Apply s-jper!ntmd°nt's office. The
Eiujmm turn.
EXPEBXE3CCKD wWimman for laces and em-
brolderle*. Apply sup^iintendenf!" office. The
Emporium.
CIRL for goceral housfTvork: «nall family:
good wages. Call at 430 Townsend st, 9
jio 12.
GIRL f r.T g<-iieral hou~^work. plain cooklnp,
*-<¦¦. cirl for second w->rk, $^0. 612 Grant
bu'ldir.g. ; j>hone STJth 104. .
A <.ini. for general houjotrork; wages $20.
Apply at bakery. 13'.»5 Fulton st.
EX.PEUIEJCCED cprratorg en silk and alpaca
**ict*; best par* KCNIGSTEIN, 28 First et.
l'i:<"K)FnEADEIl- Girl who can read proof and
¦rt tM#. Box 14.8. Call office.
WANTKX) — Every mother in town to chew
CHICLETS.
GXRfc for general housework. 1404 McAllister
street. •
V/ ANTED— Young German or Scandinavian
Birl for g.-neral houstwork. 1723 McAllister.
WANTED — A mitre girl, 236 Ean Jose ave.
BCfitVCSS house wants an Intelligent woman
for & position in the Ftate. but out of the
<;:ty. Box h:<2. Call office.
LADIES for steady hone employment; $8 to
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kft st.. room 618.
KIUFT-CLAPS operator wanted; wages $15 per
•wetrk. EOS Kearny «t.. room 2.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
•Clrjtef. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
GIUL wanted for l!p;.t housework. C37 Steven-
son rt.
HEI.P W AMTEP — MALE.
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
800 Market St., room 0^5, fifth floor.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Hookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Hv-nographer $15 week
Manager department store $^3 week
lilll and entry clerk $15 week
L>rug clerk $12 wetk
Checker $15 week
Timekeepers $15 week
Accountant $15 to *^5 week
Collector $15 we*k
Floor manager $18 week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office work $15 week
Clerk, city or country $15 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
SOU Market St., room 823. fifth floor.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Bookkeeper, $100.
Stenographer, must be rapid. $65.
Driver liquor wagon, good pay.
10 boys, salary $4 to $6 week.
Timekeeper, /stenographer and office assist-
ant. $40.
Representatives for correspondence school,
good pay.
S tailor salesmen, $12 and commission.
Ealesinen. office specialty, excellent pay.
Wine salesman, $100 and expenses.
Solicitor, medical directory, good pay.
Janitor for store, $8 start.
Many other pocitions open; oall at office.
Rooms &-10, 51 Thlro st- ¦•'•.;
AT RORD * EMITIT8,
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st
Cook, restaurant south. $12 and meals.
Shlngler, $3, fare 15c.
Lather. $2 25 per 1OOO, Stockton, fare paid
both ways.
Solicitor for tea and coffee, city, big !nduo»-
mects.
Man to handle nerr* medicine, $1 and 10 per
cent commission. - —
Man for dye house, experienced, $15 to $20.
Amador County, teamsters, $2.
CLOTHrNO salesman, conntry. $20 a week;
man to care for golf grounds, $30 and found;
carriage painter to rent shop; bellboy for
club, fl5 and found; and others. J. F.
CTtOSETT & CO., 62S Sacra meat© st
MANAGER for large American export and in-
port house; China; wages ?300 month: free
pasxege. Apply in person to C. R. Hansen
of C. R. EAKSEX ic CO.. 429 Bush St.
COOK and wife, pastry cook, for boarding-
house: country: fare advanced; $100 month,
AXPRETS, 317 Stockton st.
WANTED— Reliabie boy. bet. 17 and 19 to do
<-ollecT!ng for advertising firm; salary $20 per
month to start: rood chance for advance-
ment: referenoes required. Box 163. CalL
WANTED— Boy from 15 to 18 years~to drive
cart and make ccllectlons; references must
be given. t38 Eddy st.
A GOOD shoemaker wanted oa repairing;
steady work; rood pay; for a shoe store. 2S01
Mission et.
WANTED — An all around tailor and coatrnsker
for courtry. Apply REISS EROS. & CO.,
WAVTED-^-Boy Ir7plembing~saop. Appiy~~31H
r.':r.th st. :
0 fln<1 th * m * a *no*ooeTnoTlTki '
3ARBKR chop for *>al»: good location. Corner
Van Ness ave. and Austin *t.
r 'LD established 2-chair barber shoe- rood lo
low rent. 21CC Fflsom st7'
TWO young men of good appearance" to act~as
usher* in local playhouse. Box 164. Call.
'VANTED — Jfb press feeder. ItnOTTVlF
Printer. 809 Ml— icn st. "*
XX3TBLACK wanted in barber shop 1009
McAllister _«t J*-v
"OR sale — One-chair barber shop; best location
on front. 2S6 East st.
ORBER Wednesday and Saturday evening!
and Sunfiayt; steady pay; $3 50. 235 8th st
. \ M::::».S- -O-~:.; *>hop. centrally located"
t-hr-tr- t^-uay. :jix*kelma:; bros.. u«
BARBER-SHOP. 4 char— , In good nfar-by
city; well fumiFhed and doing good busl-
sees: must be eold. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
HI * >— * • » _-^ • T ; ¦ — ¦ ¦ _ ¦ . -^ .. - , .;.'•- ¦ . >¦£"*¦¦ 'Same to James and Annie A. Taylor lot on
E line of Vermont street. 200 N of Twentv
fourth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Same to Edward and Elizabeth Madden. lot
on E line of Vermont street, 150 N of Twentv
fourth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Adam
George, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street.
25 E of Rhode Island. E 25 by S 100; $- .
Same to Mary Peterson. lot on E line of
Rhode Island street, 100 S of Twenty-third, S
Same - to David and Mary Taylor, lot on E
line of Rhode Island street, 175 S of Twenty
third, S 60 by E 100; $ . ¦¦-
James and -Grace Tyson . to John ¦ M. Peters,
lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 125 N of B
street, 'N 25 by W 120; $10.
Columbian Banking Company to Clara M.
Perkins (wife of Charles), lot on E line of
Nineteenth avenue, 250 N or I street, N 25 by
E 120; $10. >.-.
John D.aGriswold to John Griswold. ' lot on W
line of Seventeenth avenue 225 N of I street.
N 25. by -W 120; $10.
('..John Grlswold to John D. Griswold, lot on W
Same to Henry Basting, lot on E line of Ver
mont street. 150 S of Twenty-third, 8 23 by E
100; $10. , .. -:-
John Center to Frank J. Ehrmann, lot on SW
corner of Nineteenth and Florida streets, s Cl
by W 60; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Gustave and Chrlstinla Anderson. lot
on N line cf Twenty-fourth street, 50 E of
Vermont, E 25 by N 100: also lot on W line of
Kansas street, 175 N of Twenty-fourth X 50
by WaOO; $10.
Same to Bernhard and Louisa Pope, lot on
W line of Kansas street, 150 S of Twentv
thlrd. S 25 by W 100; $10. ¦
Same to James Simpson, lot on E line of
Vermont street, 125 S of Twenty- third, S 25 bv
E 100: $10. '
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2 1 ..
City and County of San Francisco to Har
riet 8. Waters, lot on N line of California
?.'.??* . fl8:9 E Of O^-la, E 34:4% by N
Samuel E. and Emily K. Taylor to Ursula
Yaser (wife of Philip), lot on N line of Ful
ton street. 66:3 E of Central avenue, E 25 by
*N 1 Uv ", 31 1 0*
Philip Yager to same, same; gift.
Alfred J. and Catherine Asplund to Nels M
Pearton, lot on N line of Twenty-second street'
60:10 W of Church-. W 25 by N 114- $10
Clara M. and George W. Hammett to' John
O. Keeffe, lot on N line of Eighteenth street,
127:6 W of Church. W 27:6, N 128:4% SE
28:9V4. S 119:9%; $10. , y'-.,'
Hugo C. Bachrodt to Lizzie Bachrodt lot on
E line of Noe street, 77:6 N of. Henry, N 25
by E 105; $10.
John and Alicia Cunningham to Valentin
Weber, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street.
60 W of Bryant. W 50 by N 104; $10
Estate of David R. Jones (by Charles C
Bemls. executor) to Julia M. Donahue lot on
E line of Church street, 128:6 S of Jersey S
25 by E 114; $712.
Huldrelch Langlotz to Wenzel and Laura
Kadletz. lot on N line of Duncan street 2S8-0
W of Church. W 23:0 by N 105; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Jacob
Weisabein. lot on S line of Twenty-third stre«t,
125 B of Diamond. E 28 by S 114; $10.
Adolr>h O. and Camllle C. Cordell to Mat
thew Donoho, lot on N line of Eighteenth
street. 74 :S W of Diamond W 0:4 by N 75:
|10.
Lulgl and Mary Guanzlroll to Giovanni
Vattabne, lot on S line of Vallejo street, 77:6
W of Montgomery, W 22 by S 45:6; $10.
Virginia and William K. VandeTbijl to
Martin Sherwood, rerecord 2079 D. 20O. Pit on
NE corner, of Montgomery avenue and N line
of Jackson street. E 69:11%. N 275, W 137:6.
S l!*2:10H, SE 100:11; $10.
Annie E. and .August F. Chamot to Harriet
McCarthy, lot on W line of Mason street. 27:6
S of Ellis, S 55 by W 82:6; $10.
• Ida M. and W. Laurie Sanford to Spring Val
ley Water Company, lot on E line of Reed
street. 97:6 N of Clay. N 20 by E 61:3; $1650.
Henry HI and Louis M. Halght to Janet C.
Halght, lot on S corner of Mission and Beale
streets, SW 137:6 by SE 137:6. B. &. W. 346
to 343; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Francis B. Hunn (owner) with Henry Bur
rows (contractor and architect) — All work ex
cept excavations, foundations, front and rear
fences, inside stairs, sliding doors. manteU.
grates, gas fixtures, shades and electric wir
ing, for a one-story and basement cottage on
W line of Eighteenth avenue. 100 feet N of
Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by \V 120; $1460.
Florence T. Savage and Mary T. Rae (own
ers) with Weldenthal and Gosllner (as Welden
thal-GosIlner Electric Works) (contractors),
architect. J. E. Kraft— Electric light, power
and telephone system and wiring for an eight
story brick building on W line of Powell street,
25 N of O^Farrell. N 43:9 by W 73; $1091.
William M. de Wolf (owner) with C. F.
Sheibley (contractor), architect, Oliver Ever
ett — All work for a two-story and rough base
ment frame building on S line of B street,
32:6 E of Tenth avenue. 25 by 100; $2400.
John M. and Sarah A. Kewnlg (owners) with
Henry A. Fairy (contractor), plans by owners —
All work for a three-story frame building on
the B line of Dolores street, 101:6 S of Twenty
ninth. E 75 — ; $5S75.
Golden Gate Construction Company (owners)
with Conlln & Roberts (contractors), architect,
H. A Schulze — Skylights, sashes, ventilators,
etc., for a five-story and basement brick ware
house building on the S corner of Howard and
Spear streets. SE 137:6 by SW 137:6; $2635.
E. J. Le Breton (owner) with Ralston Iron
Works (contractors), architect. Albert Plssls —
Fire escapes for building of Home for the Aged
of the Little Sisters of the Poor on the W line
of Lake street, opposite Fourth avenue; $1145.
Ella M. Leigh (wife of E. A.) and Margaret
E. Lees to Lois and Falomena Nessler. lot on
N line of Randall street. 255:0 E of Chenery,
E 27, N 133, W 2J. 8 133. block 29. Fairmount;
Builders' Contnuts.
Alexander and Roaa Bernauer to Herman
Nolt. lots 3 and 4, block 5. subdivision 1.
Mountain Spring, being portion of blocks 3 to
5, Market-street Homestead: $10.
Mary A. Carroll to Lista M.ller, lot 1. block
11. People's Homestead Association. Tract A:
$10.
Lois and Falomena Nessler to Ella M. Leigh
(wife of E. A.) and Margaret E. Lees, lot on
N line of Randall street. 282 E of Chenery,
E 27. N 133. W 27, 3 133. portion block 29,
Fairmount; $10.
John H. and Else Rlppe to L. M. Hoefier.
lot on S Hn« of San Josa avenue and Unadilla
street, SE ICO by s\V 150. lots 1 and 2. block
28, West End map 1; grant.
O. E. Van Singer Hansen (wife of J. C.) to
Agnen Kraemer, lot 6. block 5. subdivision 1,
Mountain Spring, being portion of blocks 3 to
5, Market-street Homestead; $10.
Adam J. Kraemer to some, same; gift.
line of Seventeenth avenue, 200 N of I street.
N 25 by W 120; S10.
City Realty company to William W. Loren
zen let on W line of Second avenue, CO S of
Hugo street. S 25 by W 05; $10.
Jooephlne V Tost to Solomon Gets, lot on
W line of Forty-eighth avenue. 112:6 N of K
street. N 80 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Fallx H. Irvine,
same; $10.
Hermann H. and Annie B. Borchers to Ben
jamin F. Feeley, lot on S line of K street, 00
E of Forty-ninth. E 30 by S 62:6; $600.
City and County of San Francisco to Albert
Meyer, block bounded by N line of M street.
E by Forty-flfth avenue, 8 by N street and W
by Forty-sixth avenue; $ .
Same to Sophie B. Koblcke. lot on SE cor
ner of Forty-seventh avenue and N street, fi
107:6, S 100, E 12:6. S 150. W 120, N 230;
Same to Jacob Heyrnan Company. lot on
E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 100 8 of P
street, S 75 by E 240; $ .
FRESNO, Nov. 21. — The raisin and
fruit packing-house of the Peter Droge
Company was destroyed by fire last
n'ght. being the second packing-house
to be consumed by flames this year
in Fresno. The plant was valued at
545,000 and was Insured for $30,000.
Fire Destroys Packlns-Hfmse.
The first night of the "campaign of
evangelization," as it Is called, began
with a street parade In which tramped
2000 men with banners, -with the band
of the Twenty-thini Regiment playing
hymns at the fore. The mile of frock
coated paraders moved through Bed
ford avenue to Hancock street, where
hung a great banner. Thare they held
an open-air meeting. Ministers from
fifty churches, all of Protestant de
nominations, were in attendance and
many of them made short addresses.
Every church In the district is joining
in the movement.
The street-corner meeting ended, the
brass band again headed- the proces
sion and it marched to the Central
Presbyterian Church, where a meeting
for men had been called. The church
has a capacity of 1500 and every seat
was taken and the closed doors held
out hundreds. Slxminlsters made short
addresses, telling the purposes of the
movement, which it was announced
will continue throughout the winter.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The mlsdeeda
of hundreds of young men connected
with well-known families In the Bed
ford section of Brooklyn, which begran
some years ago by the formation of the
"Bedford gang" and finally led to many
of them and their recruits being con
nected with criminal cases, much to
the disgust of residents in that quarter,
has caused the Inauguration of a re
markable religious campaign for th©
purification of the youths who spend
their time about the street corners.
Begin a Campaign to Put an
End to Influence of the
Notorious Bedford Gang
HOLD STEEET PAKADE
Brooklyn Ministers Center
Efforts on Unruly Sons
of Well Known Families
UNITE TO HELP
WAYWARD BOYS
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904. *
14
RAILWAY TRAVEIa
» ¦ - ¦
#Trmlsa !«*?• »¦«« a»r« <!««•
t* arrives*
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦
*»««» OCTOBSB » 1301
FZMT D*W
(Toot of Market Stroet.)
,..,•« — MAIN LINE. — a«iut«-
7C0a VaGftTlllr. Winters. l:uiu*oy 7.50*
7 PCa Henlcia. Klmtraand Sacramento.. 7.20*
7 .30a Tallejo. Xapa. Ci»!l«to«». Saata
Row, Martinez. S*a K.iraoa 8.20*
7 30a Nlleii.Tracy. Lithrop, Scock:on.... 7.21^
8 0CASb*sta Exprew— (Via Darls).
WlllUnw. willows, trruto. Red
BluC. Portland, Tacom*. Seattle 7-5C»
8 00a Darls. Woodland. RnUhts Landing.
UArrsTllle. Orovllle 7.50a>
830* M»rtlaez. Antioca. lljron. Tracy.
Stockton. Nswmso. Los Bnoos.
Mendcta. Armenia. H»aforJ,
Vlaalls. yorterTtlie 4.20*
I 30a Port Cotta. Mode stow Mereed.
Fre»no. Oosticn Junction. H»a-
ford. VUslia, Haker»2eld 450»
8-30a Slles, S*n Jose. Llfermor*. Stock-
ton. (t-MIUon). Jono, S.%cn«m*nto,
M«ry»Tl!le. Chlco. Ked Blurt .... 4-ZuP
• 830a Oakdnle. Ca!n««e. Jamestown. So-
nor*. Tnolnni n« and Angels T\Z
8 00a Atlantic Express— O*den»n<lEw. 9 iOw
9.30a Richmond. Martlnex and W»y
Station. - -—- " B0 *
10 00A The Overland Limited — *'gion.
Om»h*. Chlcnga, Uenrer, Kansas
CUT. 9C Louis » ZO*
1000a Vsllejo..._ ic3 «Z-20»
10.00a Los An»«le» Passenger - Port
Costa. Martlaex. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Mereed,
Rarmoail. rresni.. Oo«hen Jnno-
. Uon, Hun ford. Lomoorn. TIsalla.
Bakor»neld. Los Amtalos ....... £ZC»
12.00m Hayward. Kites an* W»T Stations. f-2°*
tl.00»» Bucrtmento River Steamer* Tll.OU*
3 JOa" Bentcia. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights lAndlatV
MarYMllla. OroTllle «nd way
stations HIZ*
$3Cr Hayward. NUet and Way Stations.. 7-5fl«>
3 3Qp Port Costa, Martlcoz. yy ron, Tracy.
Lathrop, Btockwa, Modesto.
Merced. Bererda, Fresno aod
Way Stations beyoud Port O»»ti» IZ-ZC*
4.00* Martlne»,8anlt«mea.VaHeJo,Nap^
CallstOKa, Santa Rosa- — 9 ZOA
4.00"« irtlea. Tracy. Stockton 10 ?2 /%
430P Day ward, if lies. Irtrlagtoa. Saaj t8.BC*
Jose, Lttennora I 111.60a
ICO^ThB Owl LlmUed— Newtsan. Los
Banoa. Mrndoia. Fratao. r-tUre,
Baker«0etd.Loa Angeles - 8=0%
fS 30p Hayward. Mies and ban Joaa ..... 7?C4
S.OOp Hayward. Klles and Sun Jose. 8 3<U
•¦OOP Outers Express — Oma&a. CMcagow
Denver, kaasas City. St. Loala,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento^
Col fax. Reno. !Sp»rk». Moous'lo,
O«den *2.5O*
¦ .COp Vallrjo. dally, except Boaday.... » 7 en-
70CPVa!lfJo, Sunday only f /ou^
7.00P hk-hir.ond, (tan Pablo, Pon Cotta,
Martinet aod Way atattona 11.20a
7-OOp Reno Pajoenicer— hort Costa. Be-
, nlria. Snlsun. Rlmtra. Dtxon,
!>»»!«. Sacramento. Sparks. Ton»
pah. Kreier and w»» stations... 7.20A
80Sp Oregon A California l£xpr«»* — fi»e-
ramento, Mary**tlle. Reddtog;
Portland, Poget Sound and East. 8-50A
8.10P Hayward, Ntlea and San Jose(Saa-
dayonly) 11.60a,
COAST LINE (>arr»™ b«air»).
(foot of Market Street.)
•¦16 A Newark. CenterTUle. Snn Joaa,
Felton. Doulder Creek. Saata
Cms and Way Stations 6 53*
12-ISp Newark. CentervlUe, Saa Jose.
New Almaden. Los Gatot.Feltoo.
Boaldsr Crnak. Snnta Craa aad
Principal Way Stations tT0-5S*
«.1Bp Newark. Sas Joie. Los Gatos...]
«9 3Cp Hunters' Train (Saturday »aly>—
tian Jose and Way Stattona t7-25i>
COAST LINE JKroa.; l.aa>»).
CaT~ ( t'nlrd kq'I Townsoud Streets.)
* 6-10 A San Jose and Way Stations. B.33P
7.00a San Jose and Way Station* 6 40f»
8-COa New A'maden (Tnes.. Frld.. on!y). 4.10a*
8410a The Coaster— San Jo»e. Salinas.
Saa Ardo, P**o Roblea. Santa
Margarita, San Lais Oblspo,
GuaiialupA. Cinvtota. Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura, Moa-
talvo. Oxnard, Dor bank. Los
Ange'.c* 10.30a*
8.00a Gtlroy. Holllster. Castrovllle. De!
Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf. Lom-
poc 10-3C*
8.00a Ban Jdse. Tres PlBos,WalnonTii:e,
Capitol*. Santa Cruz, P»u!Sa
Grove. Saltnaa San Luis Obiapo
and Prlnctp* Wny Stations. ... 4.10a*
IO-JOa San Jose and Way Stations 1.20p
II 30a San Joae and Way Stations 7. i .0-»
2-15p San Jose and Way Stations 8 384
S-COPDel Monte Kxpress— dania Clara.
Ean Jot*. Wa ttonvllle. Snnta
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey.
r'aciflc Grore 12.15p
13-OOp Los Gatos. Wrieht. Bouider Creek.
Santa Crnz. ria Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge t10 45»
S-SOp Valencia St., Sooth San Franrlico,
Birllngame. San Jose. Gllroy,
Hor.ltter. Tren Pino* 1045*
4-30P £an Jose and Way Stations *8C0*
tS-OOP Saata, Clara, San Joae. Loj Gatos.
and principal Wa/ dt»Uona («x-
eeat Sunday) -. ' fS-GO*.
16-SOp aan JoieandPrlnclpalWayStatloos f9.4OA
6 4&P basset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy .Saltnaa, Pa«o lioblea. •
Eaa Lult Oblapo. Santa Barbara.
Lot Angeles, Dem Ing. Kl Paso.
St.Loat*. New Orleans, NewTork S ICa
8-4SpPa]aro. WattonTille. Capitol a.
Santa Cruz. CattroTlUe. Del
tlonte. Pacific Grove 10-3QP
18-15? San Mateo, Beretford.Uelmont.Ssa
Carlos. Kedwood. Fatr Oaka,
MealcPark. Palo Alto tC 41*
S 30pS«a Joiaand Way Stations. 6 J?U
8 COp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.30P Suutb San rrancloco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
Mngame. Saa .Mateo. Belmoat.
&an Carlos. Uedwood. Fatr Oaka.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto tS 4Sp
arUSOPMayneld. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawreace. Santa Clara and
San Joso tS.45»
A for Morning. P for After nooa. "*
18anda* excepUKl tSandaronly
•.Saturday onlr. t> Monday only.
{Slop* st all matloas on Puni»y.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlburon Terry. Toot of Market Street.
BAIT 7KA2TCXSCO TO SA2T BATAES.
WEtK UAYb — 7:30. 6:00. ll:0u a. nx; 1- .^>»
3:80. 0:10 «S:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra tri?
at 11:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :KO and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra. ; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00 6:20. 11:30 p. rn. .
SAU RAFAEL TO SA5T PBAKCZSCO.
WKEK 1)AY&- o:03 7:33, T:6u. U:"JO. 11. I*
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 3:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 0:40. 11:13 a, rn. ; 1:40. S-.iO.
4:C5. 6:06. 6:33 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrl»»
Ban Fran. I Oct. 2. 13O4. \ 8an Fran.
Week-4 Saa- I Deitina- I Sun- I VV'M
Days. I daya. I tlon^ | daya. f Daya.
7:30a 8:00a 0:10a, *:40»
9:30 a It-nado. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:C0 9
6:10 p 3:00 p T:S3p
T:30a 8:10 a 9:40 %
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 0:30 a Petalumav 6:09 p 6:20 »
6:10 p 3:3Op and 7:33 p
I 8:00 p Eanta Roaa. f
T:30a 10:40 a 10:3O»
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 8:20 9
»:30p| 3:30 p f
I Windsor. 1
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a'l0:20 m
Lytton. }
*:80p 3:30 p ~ Ceyservtlla. 7:35 p( 6:20 a
CloTerdale. J
7:30a| 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!lO:2O a
8:30 p| 3.30 p| and Uklah. 1 7:33 p| 6:3) n.
j j Willlta and j I
TtSOaf 8:00 a( Sherwood. 1 7:SSp| C:y>g
7:80a| 8:0Oa| 110:40 a|10:20 *
8:30 p| 3:30 pi Querna-rille. | 7:U3 p| 6:20 9-
~7!30~aTlF:00 al Sonoma. 1 0:10 at 8:40 a,
8:10 p| 6:00 p| Olen Elian. | 6:05 p[ 6:20?
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 »
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopot. I 7:33 p| 6:20 9
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Queiitln; at Santa Roaa for TVhlte Sulphur
eprlngs and Mark West Sprtnp: at Lyttoo for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skatt*
bprings; at Cloverdale for the Geyaera, Boone-
vlll* and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Eprlngs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprinss; Soda Bay. Laksport, Bartleta
Spring* and Lain County Hot Springs- ac
tlklah fcr Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs
Blue Lake*. Laurel D«ll Lake. Witter Spring*.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside, Llerly'a. Bucknell's, Sanhedr'i
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Spring* Halfway
Houce. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoctno City
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at Willlta f O p
Fort Brags. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwozxl
for Canto. Covelo, Laytonviile. Cummins*
Bell's Sprtngs. Harris. Hubbanl. Fraltland
Dyer. GarbervlUe. Camp 3. IVpp«fwoo.t ScoUa
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday —Round-trip tickets to all potsU
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket office. ftSO Market street, Chro&Kne
buildlnr.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa as. Agt.
Mt. TamalpaisJRai lway
Lt. Saa frtacueo _^p^5Sp^ ' *r. rrsaeuca
9:5Oa 9:50a KpJMB^W *J:55? »:3r»p
l:45p l;45f B-gSp 6:83*?
(atordxrt 4:35p ¦^Kr SxardaTS 11:12?"
»Tla CrtTitT Car y Kt Taaa'paia ta Mia Ttlliy
™}}L J Mo Markxt ST^(Xorth Shore Rai!road>
VliSB \ and Sausahto Fksuiy. Foot Maxket iic
THE WEEKLY. CALL
$1 p©r Y©ar«,
j BOOMS TO LET—rnrn. and Unlurn.
THE Earl. 19 Powell— Elegantly furn. rooma.
85c to $1 B0 per night; $2 to %& per -week.
THIRTEENTH, 238— Nice front rooms to lot;
pleasant neighborhood. -¦" ?"*-'£*•>:!»
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3303, near Mission—
Small front room: $3 monthly. '. .1:
12 NDWLY furnished rooms; central location.
DAVID BROS., cor. Kearny-Clay. cigar store
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms H5c to $1 night, $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gae), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; five bus; baggage-.
WANTED — A young man of good habits to
I room in a private family: large sunny room
suitable for two. 2476 Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d rt.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
! S&o to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week: el«vator;
I «lec. lights; reading-room: free bus; bag-gage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market- St.. opposite
Fifth. Or>en until 11 p. m.
BOOKS AlTO^JBOAltD^^
GOLDEN Gate ave.. 1031. near Jefferson Park
— Sunny fur. rooms; bath; prlv. house; good
board; $20: two $32 month.
LARGE sunny front room, with board. In pri-
vate family; near Washington and Larkla
sts. Box 747. Call.
PINE, 1748 — Newly furnished beautiful rooms,
with excellent board for two couple*, and a
uli.rl* room.
WANTED — One or two young men to room
and board together; eunny location. 3622
Seventeenth it.
BOARD and room for lady; reasonable. 3646
Sixteenth St.. oft Market.
CALIFORNIA. S07 — Best rooms, table and
tervJce In the city for the least money.
COMORA (The). 621 O'Farrell — Homelike,
warm rooma and balls; buy best In market.
E7JDT. 756 — Room and board.
ELLIS. 453 — Pleasant sunny rooma with ex-
cellent French • table beard.
GUERRERO. 114 — Sunny rooms with board;
suitable for gentlemen.
HAIGHT. 332 — Large sunny eulte; running
water: grate; second floor; corner house.
HOWARD. S41A— First -class board and rooBk
single or double. $5 week; American family.
ROOMS and board: reasonable. 106S Green st.
BUNNY double and single rooms, with board;
running water. 3CG Leavenworth st. .
TURK. 123 — Clean sunny furnished rooms, en
suite or single, wirt or without board.
A BRANCH office cf The Call fcr the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man wants room and board in private
family. Box 4S59. Call.
EOOPINO.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired; low prices; work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co.. F. Herrmann, m'gr. 606 2d st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE most wonderful sewing machine on earth
Is the White Grand; two complete machines
In one. " S<* lt before buying at the new re- |
tail office of the White. 915 Market St.
ALL makes; Sd hand. $2. $5, $7. $9; new, $4. $$ :
drop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak,$15; rented,
repaired; loweft rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 145 Sixth at.; tel. Jessie 3700.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all klr>r rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1*21 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. $S; slightly
used JI'v $15. 720; you know where the dolis
swing In the window. -1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, rcld and rvpairlnff guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1U15 Mission et.
A WEEK'S news for C cents— Tb» Weekly Call.
16 pages In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
TTPEWEITEES AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webeter Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Mark-n.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
{supplies and At counts, I>avy .Department,
Vva£mnKton, D. C, until 12 o'cloc* noon,
December 16, U»u4, and publicly opened im-
mediately UiereuJter. to iurm»n at tne navy
yaras, Aiare lstand, Cal.. ana i*uget Sound.
wiLbii., as specined, a quantity oi recording
wattmeters, voltmeters, cunauit, engine in-
alcatore, copper wire, magnet wire, slngl*
ana twin naming wire, luse wire, electrlj
clusters. Insulating and grlmsiutw tape, car-
buns, tlas-b tube Iuk-s and miscellaneous
electric »ui.plieis; niarkjng. paint and carbon
brushes, Band, fctone, litneotune, Portland Cc-
inei.t, brick; Khaki and cottuu cajivas, twine,
braid, burlap, linoleum, uiusiin butts, lamps,
lanterns, signal lights, lenses, lamp fixtures,
window i-iiu-B, fciHts chartboard. leather uid
bvitini,, l>aJie uVcna, steam copper Kettle*,
O/He* urns, boiler cieaners, steet wire, vises,
earthenware tanks, tread plate, McKenzie
chain clamps, heaters, band aaws, flies, j
ratchets, wrenches, hinges, locks, wouj j
screws, machine screws, rivets, nails, tacks,
bolts and nutE. nuts. book*. huokM and eyes,
washers, squirt cans, grindstone*, tachome-
ters, drills, reamers, garbuge and j>u»n carts,
bolder, riddles, wheelbarrows, mlucw'aneuua
hardware and hand tools; ash, cedar, fir,
hickory, white oak staves; oak, maple, ma-
hocany. Oregon pine, sugar pine, poplar,
reawood, flooring, celling, • stairs, window
and door frames, transoms, balustrade, etc.;
poplar, spruce, barrel hoops and heads,
ep&rs, antimony, sheet brase, brass rod, hex
naval brass, uheet lead, lead pipe, Tobin.
bronze, "I" beams, round iron, galvanized
Iron, pig lead, corrugated roofing, steel
plates, tool steel, galvanized sheet steel,
nickel steel, "Novo" tool steel, mild steel,
sheet steel, roofing tin, steel bars, Banca
tin. Ingot tin. pig lead, zinc sheet, boiler
zincs, ingot copper, copper sheet, asbestos
gaskets, vulcanized rubber gaskets. "Gar-
lock" and "Peerless" packing, steam hc«e,
pump valves, alcohol, brick preservative, ]
ammonia, petrolatum, parafflne varnish, ;
lapan dryer, engine oil, lubricating grease, '.
taUow, coal oil. linseed oil. lard oil, si^nn
oil, muriatic acid, paints, marine glue, dls- I
tillate, soap, miscellaneous drugs and chem- 1
lcalE, gate valves, Eastwood valves, Leslie {
valves, Lunkenhelmer pop valves, soil
pipe, iron pipe and couplings, flexible tubing, j
btll and spigot pipe, condenser tubes, copper ;
l>lj*\ brass tubes, brass pipe, rr.lld steel '
tu!i«-«. magnesia pipe cover, McKellar's ;
steam trai>s, miscellaneous pipe fitting.*, j
(--team gauges, drain tile, sinks, telephone '
system, lavatories, bath tubF, water closet.
McCanna's adjustable thread and milling
tool?, automatic drilling and tapping ma-
chine, arbor and mandrel press, material for
two boilers, pocket rules, carborundum
wheel, job printing press and outfit, sea coal '
facing, gunny sacks, coaling, baskets, blue-
print cloth and paper, sewing machines, tar-
board, sponges, searchlight, pumps, charcoal,
leather nozzle and Fuller cocks. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the navy pay offices, San Francisco, Cal.,
and Seattle, Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS, '
Paymaster General. U.S. N. 10-31-04.
PROPOSALS— Bids Wanted— Notice Is hereby
i-.vc-n thai sealed proposals will be received by
the Hoard of Directors of the Veterans' Home
of California at Its office, room 13, 320 San-
soroe St.. San Francisco, -Cal., up to 11
o'clock* a. m.. Saturday. December 3 1904,
and opened Immediately thereafter In the
piesence of bidders, for furnishing and. de-
livering quartermaster and commissary sup-
plHp. etc.. for the Veterans' Home. Napa
County, Cal. (railroad station, Yountville.
f. o. b.), for six months, commencing Janu-
ary 1. 1U05. and ending June :;i>. 19U5. Sched-
ules with information and instructions for
• ubmlalr.c bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
uler, and no bid will be considered unless lt
Is In accordance with such schedules Blda
on tea. coffee and sugar must be made on
samples submitted. Each bidder must ac-
I company his bid with a certified check upon
I some well-known and responsible banking
I house for at least 10 per cent of the amount
of his bid. payable to C. Mason KJnne
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will
enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice, of acceptance, as required by liw
The. Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids and to order any quantity over or-
under the amount of specified.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured or produced in this State price
fitness and quality being equal, under the
provisions of section 3247 of the Political
Code. ,.•-¦--
Address John F. Bheehan, Secretary of th«
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home of
California, room 13. ; 820 8ansome st.. San
Francisco. Cal.
By order of the Board of Directors
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds town
of Wbeatland. for aa!<>. untaxable. bearing s
per cent interest; serial > 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday, Dec. 6. . 1904, cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid
For Information address R. N. ¦ MURPHY*
Town Clsrk. WaeaUand. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTg^TTS
OACUAITP HOTTSECTEPiyCr BOOMS.
SEVENTH ave.. 1014— Sunny, ft*™ 1 *!*^!!!!^
keeping rooms; private house; near Clinton
rtation. — m
OAXLAira rUJttaiTJBjP^OB^SAIJE^
TO-MORROW the day for . b^»* B ' 'oaSaad
ture. H. Sccelhaaa. Uth gt..cor.tore.OaKiana
San Francisco Advertisem'ta
Er^^ ;
Jack* on -st. car to Jones at. (
BUSH ISSS-^Housekeeplng rooma to let; rea-
aoaa'bte. 'rbca«_gutter_lg<L__ ___
... , T jtoiivia 12M — 2 or 3 nice sunny rooms;
¦ livery room; ca. range.
EDDT. 475— Furnished room; light housekeep-
_Jr4r/ .
- FT-EVEXTH 108 — Elegant front «uU« and sln-
g£ roomsV complete for housekeeping; *as
and bath; reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. 778— * or 4 fin* unfur. rooms,
with w kitchen: Urht hkpg.; nrlv. family.
FRANKLIN. 431 — Alcove and connecting
kitchen; complete; references; no children.
OFART 1225 — Fit*, aunny. b«y-wlndow rult«:
all conveniences; location the best; marine
view; terms reasonable.
GEART place. 2— Bunny fnroisfced room; llgtst
housekeeping If getlred.
HAIGHT 1CS1— 2 runny, connecting rooma. or
sVparate; bath; howken-ma". reasonable.
HOWARD 719H — Sunny housekeeping rooms,
and others; respectable; no transient.
•HOWARD. ie35H. ne*r Twelfth— Three Iai-g«.
sunny rootna; nne Kitchen; rent IIP.
HAYES 7** — Two unfurnished rooms, bmnh;
use cf kitchen.
J ESSIE. i»— Large front parlor, furoiahed
hocaekeap'.ng; alnk: gas: reasonable.
JONES 207 — Two-room apartments, also
rlr.rle rooms, for housekeeping : *2 80 and
J3 per week.
KFNILWORTH. ecr. Bush and Powell — Three-
room runr.y apartments; steam heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment*. 1340 Pine—
Sunnv furnished 3-room eultes: steam heated.
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable
LIKERTT B04. near Castro — Two or 4 modern.
funny, unfurnished rooms; adults: references;
»«nn be't.
MINNA. D46 — Furnished rocaa, complete for j
housekeeping. j
OAK. 117— Complete for housekeeping. $* to !
fl2; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OFARRELL. 206—3 connecting rooms; gas j
range; running water; sunny yard. ,
O'FARRELL. 1381. near Lacuna — Finely fur-
nished housek»erl n g rooms, with every con-
venienc*^
fHOTWELL. 224. nr. Sixteenth — Four furnish-
ed room* for housekeeping.
ETANTAN 1009— 2 sunny front rooms, fur-
. r.lfhed for light housekeeping: 1 block from
Golden Gate Park; rent reasonable.
SANCHEZ. 5C9. near Eighteenth — Larg* sun-
ny e'ttlng-rocm, alcove bedroom, kitchen; j
reasonable. j
BUTTER, SSI — Two sunny housekeeping rooms; ;
completely furnished; gas, phone, bath. j
ROOMS TO I.ET — Pnrn. ana TTafnrn.
ATKINS, cor. Third f*. and Park lane — New
brick building: all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights: only first-class hcu»e
In locslity; roomn $1 60 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK house, 148 Sixth st.— Rocms
25c to II per night. $3 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night: I
SI 60 to $10 week: bouse open all night.
BEAVER. 12 — Furnished rooms, single or «n
suite; 1 block from Castro-st. cars.
BELMOND Honte; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trancea, 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
Ilghta; running water In every room; '30
rocms; 25c to &0c per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA, irSO— 3 or 4 unfurnished out-
side rooms; bata and toilet.
4 SUNNY unfurnished rooma and yard. 61S
Bryant St.; rent $9.
EEDT. 432 — Nicely furnished sunny parlor
suite; fine location; reasonable; bath; single, j
ELLIS. 1130 — Elegantly furnished room, suit- j
abie for two; board If deelre-d. !
ELEVENTH, 223— Furnished front room for
gvr.tleman; no cither roomer.
FILLMORE. 1340 — Sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable: gents: refs. exchanged.
GULDEN GATE ave.. 756 — Nicely furn. r-oms.
private f&m., for 1 or 2 gents; mod. con.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1013— Nicely furnished J
rooms in splendid location.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1033. near J«Jterson
Park — Nice furnished room to let; telephone;
hot and cold water.
GOLDEN GATB ave.. 1C50— 1 or 2 well-fur- j
nifh«>d runny rooms; private telephone.
GOl'GH, 2f>7 — Larre front sunny room; suit-
able for two; cheap.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooma 35c
to II 23 night; (1 f.O to S6 wk.: reading-room.
GOLDEN GATK ave., 527 — Large sunny room;
running water; nuitabJe for 2 gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1005 — 1 nle* room, with
running water, phone, grate, bath, for one
ur two jrentleraen.
HARRISON. 2410. bet. Twentieth and Twenty-
first — Furnished room to let; suitable for
two ra«::; r<.rit JG per month.
HAVHS. 1CC3. near Lron — Large sunny room;
suitable for 1 or 2; bath; private family;
r«-Ier»nrec exchanged.
HOWARD, 715 — Furnisned rooms, single or
double; central location.
JONES. rO7— Bay window and sunny; Junction
O'Farr«-ll et.: just renovated.
LARKIX. C2O. bet. E<*.dy and Ellis— Newly j
lurniRhed sunny rooms, suitable for two gen- I
tinmen: 5 rr.mutes" walk from Market St.; J
bith: gas: Wtlirtjach burners: $7. $S, $12, $14.
LARKIN. 723 — Lera> nunny room; bath, gas,
phone: home com'rrts.
MHTROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st— 400
¦ingle and lamily rooms C5c to $1 50 per day,
12 to $8 per wet k : tho only new and modern
hotel and iGcrr.ing-hous* In San Francisco
that has office en ground floor, hot and cold
wtter. electric llrhts. call bells, steam heat
Ja every rooir, and gives Tree baths ..nd ele-
vator service day and night to Its guesta.
MARKET. 1049 <The Fa Imoutn)— Eunny rocma;
f2 T.O to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MAUKL*T. 1104. Vendome — Furnished rooms, !
f-n suite or elngl?: suits on flrtt floor; tran-
ritr.t; elevator 15 Turk st.
MINNA. 210 — Furnished rooms to Jet.
NINTH. 141— Sunny furnished rooms In private
family for gentlemen.
OTARP.ELL. 2<*$— Nicely furnished, sunny
front rooms; also single; 52 to $4 week.
OAK. d. near Market — Nicely furnished sunny
Jron 4 . parlor.
RAUSr-H. 49. bet. 7th and 8th — Xeatly fur-
nished sunny front room; no children. - •; ;
ROVAL HOUHE. 126 Ellis— Incandeacent lights;
readlng-rocm. emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to Jl &0; week, S3
to $8; month. $8 to $S0; elevator on ground
floor: rooroa with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTEENTH. 3353 — Sunny side; bedroom;
_*«; . '
FHIPLET. 2*3, bet. Fifth and Elxth. near
Folsom— A at at furrlshed room to let for
a alEile man cr two.
¦ FIXTH. 125 (over book store) — Sunny tat-
nlshed rooms, housekeeping or single; mod-
erate ratea.
SIXTH, 224 — Sunny front room facing street;
bath, gas; oniy $8 month.
STOCKTON, 41-45— Nicely furbished sunny
front rootPs. also single. Vt to $a week.
STEVENSON. C20— Nice furnished rooma
(¦heap. «.
¦
TAYLOR. 624, cor. Sutter— Sunny, pleasant
front rooms: $8. $10 and *12 month.
THF CA£TLETON. 207 Mason st.. bet. Ellis
and OTarrell— Elegant furnished rooms;
rlnrl* or en anlte. *
THE LARCIIMONT. 361 Butter— New man-
agement; new bldg.: finely furnished, wita
hot and cold water, steam heat and batha;
fine location and reasonable ratea.
THE ET KATHRTN. CORNEB ELLIS AND
STOBAGE ASrP WABEHOTJSE3.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods Btored, moved, shipped. .726-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
1 flee Poet and Pc well sts. ; tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn-
pan), 2320 Fill more st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB rarev In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
STOP DKITTKI2IO.
GUARANTEED cure; send 60c; tablet form:
mailed In olaln package: has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
TOLEASE.
STORE to "lease at ' ill Ellis "at"" Tpply Vt
barber shop.
LEGAL JTOTICEB.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL..
NOVEMBER 7, 1U04 — NOTICE TO CLAIM-
ANTS— Notice i3 hereby given that the fol-
lowing described merchandise has been seized
at this port for violation of the United States
revenue laws, to wit: 1 tea set, April 9,
. 1U03; 1 woolen shawl. Aug. 26. 1903; 60
cigars. Oct. 12, 1903; 70 cigars. Oct. 17. 1S03;
9b cigarettes; 1 pkg. tobacco; 19 pcs. mfg.
lion*. Oct. 'JO. 1903; 4 doz. cups and saucers;
2 porcelain vases; 26 ladles' purses; 1 pkg.
cigarettes, Nov. 6, 1003; 150 cigars. Nov. 18.
! 1903; 30 silk caps. Nov. 13, 1003: 2 silk
shawls; 500 cigars, Nov. 13, 1903; 48 cigars,
Nov. 24. 1903; 6 silk shawls, Nov. 20, 1903;
39 silk handkerchiefs; 24 bottles champagne.
Nov. 24, 1903; 12 boUfTes champagne, Dec. 1,
1003: 3 embd. silk shirt valsts. Dec. 10,
1903; 4 embd. silk nightgowns; .1 embd. silk
shawl; 22 co!. silk hdkfs. ; 11 embd. silk
hdkf-.; 21 white silk hdkfs.; 24 white silk
hdkfs.: 54 silk flags; 1800 cigars, Dec. 14.
1903: 2 cs. 4000 bottles essential oil, Dec. 22,
1003; I pc cloth, Dec. 23, 1903: 3 bottles
Kananga water, Jan. 12, 1904; 8 boxes toilet
powder; 2 bottles perfume; 2 cakes soap; 75
cigars, Jan. 12, lvtOi; 350 cigars, Jan. 27,
1004; 100 cigars, Jan. 27. 1004; 22 silk caps. .
Jan. 28. 1904; 21 silk caps; 2 embd. silk
shawls. Feb. 26. 190J; 1100 cigars, Feb. 29,
lbO4: 33 embd. silk shawl*. March 1 1. 19O4;
2 col. silk shirts; 24 embd. silk hdkfs.; 24
embd. col. silk hdkfs.; til hemstitched silk
hdkfs.; 100 cigars. March 19, 1004; 100
cigars, March 1U, 1904; 2 doz. silk hdkfs..
March 19. 1904; 4 silk coats of arms, March
lit, 1904: 230 cigars, March 24. 19o4; 12 silk
caps; tJO flags; 2 bolts woolen cloth, April 1,
1904- 20 5-tael boxes prepd. opium, April 2,
1U01: C10 cigars. April 8. 1904; 32 lace doll-
ies. April 28. 1904; 300 cigars. May 16. 11KH;
8 Palmetto hats. June 4, 1U04; 650 cigars,
June 8. 1904; 2 Panama hats, June 20. 1004;
2 cs.- medicine. June 23, 1904; 30O cigars, July
ft. 1904; 2 silk embd. centerpieces, July ".
190-1; 1 silk embd. piano cover; 1 silk embd.
table cover; 2 pr. silk embd. portiers; 2
pkgs. cigarettes, June 15. 1904; 48 silk caps,
July 11. 1904; 3 silk shawls and 12 silk caps,
July 20, 1904; 1 embd. silk shawl, July 2S.
1904; 2 silk shirts. July 27, 1904; 2 embd.
silk shawls; 4 silk hdkfs.; 3 doz. silk hdkrs..
July 2S. 1004: 1 silk shawl; 50 cigars. Aug.
9. 11)04; 1 silk embd. kimono. June 18. 1904;
2 bottles bay rum, June 20, 1904; 1 pc. silk,
Aug. 22. 1D04; 1 pkg. silk. Aug. 22. 1904;
1 doz. doilies, Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pc. silk: 1
pillow cover; 1 pr. stockings; 1 dressing
gown; 1 album. Aug. 22, 1904; 2 bolts pon-
gee silk. Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pc. drawn work;
2 res. embd.; I bolt pongee silk. Aug. 22.
1904; 1 pkg- lace. embd. and jewels, Aug.
22. 1904; 1 smoking Jacket, Aug. 22. 1004;
1 Fhlrt waist: 1 purse; 1 pc. embd. grass
cloth, Aug. 22, 1904; 1 pkg. silk embd.. Aug.
22, 1904; <J embd. center pcs., Aug. 22, 1004;
1 cs china, Aug. 22, 1U04; 1 pkg. silk goods,
Aug. 22, 1604; 1 pkg. pongee silk, Aug. 22,
11*04; 2oO cigars, Aug. 22, 1904; 1 pc. silk,
Aug 22. 1904; 2 shirt waists; 30C0 clgara.
Aug! 22, 1004; 1 tea set. Aug. 22. 1004; 3
pcs silk; 3 Fhawls; 3 silk embd. hdkfs.; 1
dressing sown, Aug. 22, 1904; 1 bolt dotton
crepe; 1 cs. china, Aug. 22, 1904; 1 cs. china.
Auk. 22, lf>04; 1 cs. china, Aug. 22, l»04;
S Bilk shirts. Sept. 1. 1904; 3 embd. silk
shawls; 14 silk caps; 1 tea set. Sept. 13, j
1904; 1 bolt lin«n, Sept. 13. 1904; 1 tea set, i
Sept. 13. l'J04; 1 pr. dec. panels; 1 bolt silk, \
S«r>t. 13, 11)04; 1 bolt pongee silk. Sept. 13.
1904; 4 wooden combs. Sept. 13. 1904; 1 pkg.
metal pins; 1 pkg. fllk remnants and thread; :
» ucs. Chinese wearing appl. ; 1 pc. silk 1
cloth: "- pcs. Chinese wearing appl., Sept. j
13 l'J04; 1 tea set, Sept. 13, 1004; 1 bolt 1
pongee silk, Sept. 13. 1904; 1 embd. silk
kimono; 2 carved wooden figures, Sept. 13,
l&Ot: 1 embd. silk cushion cover; 1 bolt
grass cloth; 2 embd. silk cushion covers,
Sept. 13, 1U04; 1 embd. silk sash; 1 bolt
silk. Sept. 16. 1904; 1 embd. silk 1 cushion '
cover. Sept. 19. 1904; 2 tapestry pictures, j
Sept. 10. 1904; 1 tea set. Sept. 19, 1904 ;.l!
wooden cabinet. Sept. 21, 1904; 2 wicker i
chairs. Sept. 21, 1904; 20 silk caps, Sept. 24, I
1904: 5 embd. silk hdkfs.; 2 embd. silk i
shawls: 1C0 doz. silk fans, Sept. 26, 19O4; 1 j
tea set, Oct. 5. 1904; 3 embd. silk shawls,
Oct. 7 1004: 3 embd. silk shawls; B silk
hdkfs.- 0 white silk hdkfs.; 2 silk shirts;
1 i<: silk, Oct. 7, 1904; 1 embd. "silk coat of
arms; 13S cigars, Oct. C. 1001; 10 5-tael bXs. !
prep, opium. Oct. 10, 1004; 1 sack coat, Oct. ;
10. 1904: 1 top coat- 1 vest; 1 pr. trousers;
36 prs. men's hose; 24 men's undershirts; 12
prs. men's drawers: 3 pcs. silk; 11 silk caps.
Oct 12, 1904. 0 silk shirts; 3 embd. silk
powns: 2 embd. silk jackets. Oct. 12, 1904; 1
12 embd. silk shawls; 36 silk hdkfs.; 29
embd. silk hdkfs.: 1 cs. mf. wood and photo-
graphs. Oct. 12. 1904; 2 cs. dec. china, Oct.
14, 1904; 60 pcs. cotton cloth, Oct. 14, 1304;
1 tea set, Oct. 15, 1904; 1 porcelain vase;
644 pkKs. Chinese playing cards. Oct. 15.
1904; 2 pee. embd. wearing apparel: 1 cs.
dec china. Oct. 15, 1901; 9 coats of arms,
Oct 21 1904; 2 pictures; 3 cs. dec. china,
Oct 21. 1904; 1 satsuma plate, Oct. 22, 1904;
375 cigars. Oct. 26. 1004; 1 silk table cover;
« silk dollies; 12 silk hdkfs.; 1 pkg. cloth,
Oct 26, 1004; 1 pc. woolen goods, Oct. 26,
1904; 36 silk caps, July 1. 1004; 100 cigars,
S<>pt. 1. 1W4; 190 cigars. S«pt. 1, 1904. All
persons claiming the above described mer-
chandise, or any part thereof, are requested ,
to appear and file claims of ownership with j
the undersigned within twenty (20) days !
from the first publication of* this notice, !
otherwise the same will be sold at public
auction according to law, after due notice
being given. W. B. HAMILTON. Special
Dep. Collector. —
NOTICE Is hereby given that the firm of
BORJES & BENSON, of 1001 Market St., has
dissolved partnership and hereafter the flrm
will be known as GEORGE W. BENSON.
All claims against BORJES & BENSON
must be presented by the 23d of November.
STUTTEEIHO AN© STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MAUIUAGE LIC1LNSK&.
Marriage licenses were Issued yeaterday as
follows:
John How*ard, 25. Vallejo. and Elfa Moeher,
22, 141 Twenty-eeventh street.
- Salvatori Campagni. 23. 432 Green street,
and Catarlnl Sunssera, 18, 434 Green street. .
Patrick MacBride. 30 Sacramento atreet, and
Bride MacMahon, 29 Sacramento street.
Albert J. Farnsworth -21, 129 Third street,
and Ruby E. Hall 18. ¦ 129 Third street.
William L. Hlckey, 2C> South San Francisco,
and Helen McCarthy. 25. 316 Chestnut street.
Frank A. Gardiner, 30. 2385 Sutter street,
and Ernestine A. Glfford, 30. 1001 Pine street.
Theodor L. Stlerlen, 29, Parrall. Mexico,
and Joseflna Armanderlz. 24. 012 Filbert st.
Charles Barchard, 40, 1528 Bush street, and
Emma Krolow. 40. 1528 Bush street.
Manuel Krall, 24. Oakland, and Eshander
I Krall, 18, Oakland.
John E. Lortnaen. 24. 2 Cadman place and
! Lillian A. Kavanagh. 22. city.
I Camllle Duboc, 28, 70 South Park, and Ma-
mie Noonan. 18, 70 South Park.
Carl W. Dosey. 25. 592 McAllister etreet,
and Mae Bennetts. 24. 310 Hayes street.
Stephen M. Reynolds. 44. 410 Octavla street,
and Josephine Thrall 31. 418 Octavla street.
John Dooner. CO. 15S Fifth street, and Dru-
sllla Crotts. 53. 158 Fifth street. . •
William T. Murphy, 36, 501 . Twentieth
street, and Mary E. Sullivan. 33. 717C Ten-
nessee street. .
Uert D. Ballart. 21,' 14S7 Folsom street and
Lillian A. Kaufmann. 19, SC23 Army street.
James W. Hlnes. 27, 632 Va Howard street,
and Catherine Downle. 24. 1619^ Turk street.
Fred H. Tletjen. 30. 2430 Harrison street,
and Katie McCarthy 28. 2842 Harrison street.
; Louis Sangalli. 30. 414 Union street, and
Maria Pezzl. 24, 10 Vincent place.
: Daniel L. Horgan, 21, Oakland, and Mary
F. Jones. 18. 1SS9 O'Farrell street.
, John C. Bannister. 52. Los Angeles and
Magdellna H. S. Spahr. 41, Los Angeles '
i John M. Cummlngs. 42, Kayak, Alaska and
Hannah Ward, 30, Kayak. Alaska.
Thomas P. Clsrke. 31. 2CO SUth avenue
and Laura R. Finch, 25. 200 Sixth avenue
John R. Williams, 22. 1604 Guerrero street
and Marguerite Maas, 10, 1145 Pacific avenue.
Nilchlro Abe. 25. (185 Slitter Etreet, and Asa
Yamasaki. 19. 920 Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS^";
Birth, marriage and death notices . sent • by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the. name and residence of per-
eons authorised to have the same published I
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. '
BORN.
BROWN — In thla city, November 11, 190* to
the wife of H. B. Brown, a son. =¦:/.;, '•
MATTHEIS— In this. city. November 20, 1904
to the wife of George Matthelt. a daughter!
MARRIED.
ANDERSON — GUSTAFSON— In this city No-
vember 19. 1904. . by ' the Rev. Dr.'.E Ne-
lander.. pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church. Ivan V. U. Anderson and Annie
Uustafeoa, both of thia city.
DIED.
Ault. Viola C. Klhn. John F. H.
Bannister. Philip A. Lamey. Patrick F.
Barley. Harry C. Lawlor. Norman J.
Boyce. William Lee, Edward J.
Carroll, Wm. E. Jr. McCarthy. Charlotte
Courtney, John McFadden. Lydla H.
Dleckmann Cather- Mahoney, Daniel
ina. . Mayer, Mrs. Sara
Goldstein Samuel Meilmann, Henry
Grlmanl, - Antonio J. Morrison. Andrew
Harris. Harry J. Peterson. Lottie 1.
Hergott. Justin Pierce, Nelson
Hoecker, Dora Reck, Mary ;,-. .
Holmes Margaret Ruberg, J es - P-
Hurley. Michael G. ' Smith, Ellen
Israel. Charlotte. Etelss. Dorothy F.
Judell. Adelo Valencia. Francis P.
Keating. Honora Wienecke. George
Kelly, John
AULT— In this city, November 20. 1004 Viola
Catherine beloved daughter of Albert ana
Margaret Ault. a native of Indiana, agea
15 years 4 months and" 8 days. (Stockton
papers please copy.) . - . ._„
KTThe funeral will take place to-day.
(Tuesday), November 22. 1904. at lj*0 p. m-.
from the parlors of Carew & English. 29
Van Ness avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BANNISTER— In Oakland. November 21, 1904
Philip A. Bannister beloved son of Alfred
and Emma .Bannister and brother of Edward
A..' Bertha, Olive and Dorothy Bannister, a
native of Alameda, aged 20 years and .,
months.
BARLEY— In this city, November 19. 1004,
Harry C. beloved husband of Dora Barley,
and father of Hazel Barley, a native of In-
diana, aged 40 years 3 mortths and G days.
CTThe funeral services will take place
to-day (Tuesday) at 2 p. m.. at 223
Sutter etreet. unde r the auspices of San
Francisco Lodge No. 8, B. P. of Elks. In-
terment Odd Fellows" Cemstery.
Members of San Francisco Lodge No. 3,
B. P. O. Elka are notified to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Harry C. Barley,
from the lodgeroom to-day (Tuesday),
at 2 p. m. sharp. By order
JOHN S. PARTRIDGE. Exalted Ruler.
BOYCEt— In this city. November 20. 1904. Wil-
liam Boyce, a native of Scotland, aged 34
years.
CARROLL— In thla city, November 20, 1904,
William Edward Jr., beloved son of William
E. and Charlotte Carroll, and brother of
Charlotte Carroll a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 3 months and 19 days,
I (CFuneral private.
I COURTNEY— In this city. November 20, 1904,
i John Courtney, a native of Ireland, aged 02
! years.
j DIECKMANN— In Mount Eden. November .21,
1SKH. Catherina Dieckmann beloved wife of
I Herman Dleckmann and mother of Henry,
I Johanna. August. George, Katy, Herman
and Johnnie Dleckmann, a native of Hol-
' stein. Germany, aged 65 years 5 month* and
I 3 days.
CTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral services
: Wednesday. November 23, 1904. at 1 p. m,.
j at her late residence at Mount Eden. In-
; terment Mount Eden Cemetery.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city, November 21. 1904.
Samuel, beloved husband of Sophie Gold-
stein, and father of Nathan and Monroe
Goldstein, a native of Poland, aged 69 years
and U months. (Fresno • Hanford and Sclma
papers please copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 12:45 p. m.. at
his late residence. 1HK2 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery by special
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
2 p. m.
GRIMANI— In this city. November 10, 1004,
Antonio J. Grlmani dearly beloved uncle of
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Peacock and Charles.
William and Watson Peacock, a native of
Venice. Italy, aged t>S years.
t-> Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). November 22. 1904, at 1 p. m..
from his late residence. 426 Greenwich street,
between Dupont and Kearny. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HARRIS — In Toronto. Canada, November 9,
1004, Harry J. Harris, beloved brother of
Albert R. Harris of this city.
HEP.GOTT— In Chlco. November 19 1904 Jus-
tin, dearly beloved son of Alexander P.
Hergott. brother of Charles and Adolph Her-
Bott and Mre. Delia Harklns. nephew of
Mrs. J. Dastugue. and cousin of George
Dastugue. a native of Philadelphia aged 30
years and 6 months.
HOECKER— In this city. November 21. 1004. ,
Dora, dearly beloved wife of Charles H. i
Hoecker. mother of Hazel Hoecker. daughter
of Catherine and the late John Henschen,
and sister of Henry Henschen a native of
San Francisco, aged 80 years 9 months and
21 days. j
E7FrIends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m., from the par- I
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. llil Mission street !
between Seventh and Eighth. Remains at '
the residence of her mother 1527 Steiner
street, between O'Farrell and Geary streets
until 10 a. m. Wednesday, November 23. In-
terment Mount. Olivet Cemetery. '
HOLMES— In this city. November 21 1P04, i
Margaret Holmes, a native of Ireland axed '
74 years. ' j
HURLEY— In this city. November 19. 1904. j
Michael G.. beloved son of Mary and the
late Michael Hurley, a native of San Fran-
dsco. aged 46 years. 1
ICT'The funeral will take place to-day I
(Tuesday), at 8:45 a. m.. from the parlors j
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission etreet, j
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the I
repose of his soul* at 9 a. m. Interment j
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ISRAEL— In this city. November 21. 1004, j
Charlotte, beloved wife of Gustave Israel. 1
and mother of Edward Israel, a native, of
Switzerland, aged 47 years.
ICNotlce of funeral hereafter.
JUDELL— In Alameda. November 19, 1904, I
Adele. boloved and eldest daughter of H. j
L. and Henrietta Judell and sister of Mrs. j
C. M. Wallenberg. Dr. Melvlne I.. Adolph 1
and Emll Judell, a native of San Francisco, ;
aged 32 years 1 month and 11 days. '
KTThe funeral services will be held to- 1
day (Tuesday), at 1:45 p. m., at the !
chapel at I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Fran-
j Cisco.
; KEATING— In this city November 19, 1904. <
Honora, beloved wife of Daniel Keating, sis- I
ter of Thomas and David Hallahan, and i
. aunt of Ella M. Hallahan, a native of Ban-
sha. County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 33 !
years 4 months and 15 days.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 a. m.. from the funeral par- ;
lors of Iaccherl. Duclos & Co.. 629 Broad- ,
way, thence to St. Francis Church, where I
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele- I
brated for the repose of her soul com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m.. Interment Holy !
Cross Cemetery by carriage. :
KELLY — In this city. November 21, 1004 at I
his residence. 138 Lilly avenue. John, be- !
loved brother of Maria Kelly, and uncle of !
John and Maria Flanagan, a native of Ire- I
land, aged 65 years. - ;
KIHN— In Alameda. November 20, 1004, !
at his residence, 1711 Buena Vista avenue, |
John F. H. Klhn. beloved husband of Mary I
Klhn. and father of Frederick. Albert and
Thomas Kihn. Mrs. J. Klein and Mrs. A.
Mitchell, a native of Germany, aged 65
years A member of Golden Gate Lodge
No. 30. F. and A. M., and the Master Mari-
ners' Association.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
afternoon. November 22, at 2 o'clock, from
Masonic Hall. Alameda.
LAMEY— In this city November 20, 1904,,
Patrick F.. dearly beloved eon of James and
Lizzie Lamey, and brother of' James,
, * Thomas. William. Frank, Lizzie, Margaret,
Teresa, Kathrlne, Lucy and Annie Lamey
and Mrs. J. W. Hughes, a native of County
Tlpperary, Ireland.
E7"Tho funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the residence
of his parents. 035 Folsom street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mnns will be celebrated for the repose of hln
soul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. l - *¦
LAWLOR— in this city. November 21, 1904,
Norman J.. beloved son of George and Anna
Lawlor, and brother of George J.. Charles
S. and Anna C. Lawlor. a native of San
Franciaco, aged 38 years 2 months and 19
days.
ET Funeral strictly private to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors
of Craig. Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk and. Larkln streets.
Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LEB — In San Bruno, November 20. 1904 Ed-
ward J. Lee. beloved husband of Mary E
Lee. and father of William, B. J., Charles '¦
F. and George James Lee, & native of New
York.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November 20 1904
Charlotte . E. McCarthy, beloved mother of
D a r^K $£*£?«* and Mr »-
•xSlr^lT a ak -m P . la: rrom' e hemre
residence. 815 Eddy street. Interment pri-
vate. ..:\'J.:
0 ?*??- 111 Represa. Cal.', November 20.
M^-- h ydla^ H " wlf * of the Iate Thomas H
McFadden. daughter of Mrs. C. B. Gladding
..and sister of Dr. Charles F. Gladding a na-
month°; a P n r d° V 6 d d n a£ **->£ ««•-'« W»
fui^nv^d 8 to n Vt C e q n U d al ?he n fu S ne a ra! s^,
«i' m i0fu >W «» < T,£m e8 . day \ morning. November
IVv ° 04 ' at 1030 o clock, at the parlors of
Albert Brown. 572 Thirteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment private.
MAHONEY— In this city. November 20. 1904 '
I D 7 an y |i r Mahoney ' » native of Ireland, aged
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN, 0'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
' 2339-2341 : Mission at., near Nineteenth,
I ' . : Ban Franciaco. .
.; James McGinn. ' ¦¦. Henry Hansen. ;
-¦¦••¦ JAME3 1 McGINN &. CO.. .
Formerly tWith; McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Ernbalmera— —
214 Eddy st.' Tel.. South 676. -
MATER— In this city. November 20. 1B04.
Mrs. Sara Mayer, relict of the late Charles
Mayer, and dearly beloved mother of Sam-
uel. Joseph and Morris Mayer Mrs. A.
Enkle and Mrs. F. J. Breltwlsch. and sister
of ex-Sergeant of Police M. Llndheimer, a
native of Bavaria. Germany. (Portland and
New York City papers please copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 1668 Washington street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MELLMANN— In Oakland. November 21. 1004,
Henry, beloved husband of Augiwte Mell-
mann, and father of Aug^iste, Lena. Henry.
Fred and Hermann Mellmann, a native of
Germany, aged 44 years 1 month and 29
days. A member of Oakland Lodge No. 171.
B. P. O. E.
MORRISON— In this city. November 19 1004.
Andrew, beloved husband of Maggie Morri-
son, and father of Howard Ethel and Wil-
liam Morrison, a native of Philadelphia,
aged 47 years 1 month and 10 daya A
member of Court Occidental No. 6878. A.
O. F; Excelsior Lodge No. 128 A. O. U.
W.; California Council No. B30, National
Union; Fidelity Circle No 208. C. O F..
and Silver Spray Lodge No. 3. D. of H.
(CT Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
I (Tuesday), at 1 p. m.. from his late real-
1 dence. 167 Albion avenue, between Sixteenth
j and Seventeenth streets under the auspices
of Court Occidental No. 667B, A. O. F In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero titrects.
Court Occidental No. 6678 A. O. F.—
Officers and members of Court Occidental
are hereby notified to attend the funtral of
our lata brother .A. Morrison, on Tuesday,
at 1 p. m., from hla late residence. 16T
Albion avenue, between Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth streets. By order of
>W. W. WILLIS. Chief Ranger.
GEORGE FRLEDEMANN. Fin. Sec
Members of Silver Spray Lodge No. 3. D.
of H., A. O. U. W., are requested to attenl
the funeral of our late brother. Andrew
Morrison, on Tuesday, November 22. at 1
P. m. By order of
ETHEL G. HOLLETT. C. of H.
STELLA INGLIS Recorder
PETERSON- In this city. November 21 1801,
Lottie Irene Peterson, beloved wife of Harry
Peterson, daughter of Mrs. Mary Easting,
and sister of Mrs. Alice McLeod. Clarence.
James M: and Carrie Easting, a native of
California, aged 35 years 2 month* and 14
days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, November 23, 19O4 at 10 a. m.,
at her mother's residence. 330 Sixth street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
1 PIERCE— In this city. November 21 1904, Nel-
son beloved husband of Antonia Pierce and
j father of Nelson Pierce, a native of Phila-
delphia, aged 79 years 1 month and 19 daye.
RECK— In this city, November 20 1904 Mary
e< i *i fe of Albert R * ck - and mother of
Edward. Eva and Matthew Reck, and sister
2«n James - J °nri. Thomas and William Mad-
2ry$vT at i Ve °£ New Yolk ' aBed So > ea «-
i r 7r,,f and a «iuaimances are respect-
?wV nv i ted tO attend th<5 '"neral to-mort-ow
(Wednesday) at .8:30 a. m.. from he r late
residence. 426 Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick a Church, where a solemn mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m.. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RUBERG— In this city, November 10 1904
Jes. P. Ruberg. a native of Germany, ased
43 years 0 months and 19 days. A member
of the Walters' Union. Local 30.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
November 22, at 3 p. m., from the funeral
I parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
I avenue.
! SMITH— In this city. November 20, 1904,
; Ellen, beloved wife of Joseph Smith, and
mother of Marie and Vera Smith, and
daughter of William and Mary O'Hearn,
and sister of George O'Hearn. Mrs. E.
Tenny and Mrs. P. de Blecker, a native of
i Canada, aged 26 years 7 months and 17
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 803 Natoma 6treet. thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of Jamea G. Blaine
' Circle No. 61S. C. of F. A., are hereby re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
companion, Mrs. Ellen Smith, to-day
(Tuesday), at » a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 50:1 Natoma street. By order or
SYLVIA BEBON. Chief Companion.
MRS. W. J. BORADORI. Fin. Sec.
STEISS— In this city. November 21, 100-1, Dor-
othy Fay. Infant daughter of Albert J. and
Louise Fay Steles.
VALENCIA— In this o«ty. November 21 1904,
* : icls Paul, beloved eon of Antonio and Jo-
Fej.nlne Valencia, and brother of Gertrude.
Eugene, Joseph and Charley Valencia aged
5 months and 2 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, November 23 1004, at 10:30
a. m.. at the residence of his parents 126
Lambert street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero strect3 at 11 a. m.
WIENECKE— In this city November 20, 1904.
Georgo Wlenecke. beloved husband of Sophie
Wlenecke.. and father of Georgiana Frtdi
and Mary Wlenecke. brother of Henry Car-
oline. Mary and Kate Wienecke and' Mrs.
Annie WIetekl. and brother-in-law of Mr
and Mrs. R. Kelly, a native of Ohio aged
43 yeara 10 months and 30 days.
jETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from his late
residence. 300 Francisco street, thence to
St. Paul s German M. E. Church 734 Broad-
way, where services will be held, commenc-
ing at 1 p. m. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIC UNION— A re-
quiem high mass for the repore of the souls
of deceased members of the Young Men's
Catholic Union will be celebrated in the
Cathedral at 10 o'clock Thursday morning?
November 24 (Thanksgiving day). Member
and their relatives and friends and the rela-
tives and friends of deceased members are !
Invited to attend.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I CHICAG0 T |Ni3DAYsl
§ LEAVES DAILY ATS3O A.M.B
tJH VVITH OINE.RSAND at-eEPERSOH
Other Santa 7a Train* 1
a-fn f" S?" I For Stockton. Pretno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p* nt] Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla.
4:00 p.m. For Stockton.
8 :0O p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Gaoyoa
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
Ean Franciaco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.: alao 27 South 1st. San Jos*.
l^^^^fl ROSS VALLEY, '
l^^^^^i CAZADERO, Etc.
£W££i£*^P Tla Sau.allto P.rry
SUBURBAN SERVICK. STANDARD GAUGk.
Depart tram Saa Francisco, dally, al ttiZi,
7:43, o:a5. »:10. 9:&O. U:0u a, m.; 1:45. 4;i\
lisa! 6:15. 6:60. 8:30. 7:13. »:00 aid U:«
p. m.
Arriv# at flan Francisco, dally, at t*:*ik
7:35. 8:13. 8:60, »:Z3. 10:3O a. m.; 1:30. 3 m
4*2S 6:0S. 6:42, 6:22. 6:67. 7:40 aM nai
p. m. - -
tDally except 8unday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:43 a. m.; also Sat>
ardaya at 8:13 p. m.. and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAJNSL
7:43 a. in. dally— Cazadero and way «t*tloa»,
8:15 p. m.. Saturday a only — For Caixdero,
•to.
8:15 p. m.. dally, except Batnnlay and 8ua-
day, for Tomalaa. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 63O Market al '
FERRT— Union Depot, toot of Markai «CAnother car of Eastern Cranberries came
In making three In as many days. The de
mand for them is brisk and prices rule firm.
One house Is asking *12 for yesterday's car.
but others are letting go at $11. Business
was qu'.et In other fruits, as most dealers
were expecting to stock . up with Turkeys for
the Thanksgiving trade. With the exception
of Grapes and Figs, which were in . limited
supply and firmer, previous price* ruled for
all descriptions of deciduous fruits. Grapes
wero wanted for shipment to Piiget Sound
ports and fancy, lots • cleaned up promptly for
that purpose at higher prices. . Stocks of Ap
ples were Increased by four carloads from out
side points, besides numerous small shipments
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday. November 10, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange was:
Wheat 83.399.00U bushel*. Increase (2.097.000
bushels; corn 1.493.000 bushels. . decrease 783,-
OOO bushels; oats >24. 324.000 bushels, decrease
437,000 buehels; rye 1,298.000 bushels. Increase
1U.000 bushels; barley 6.SH.000 bushels, - de
crease Z21,0&9 bushels.
Visible drain Supply.
California Club. «1 45@1 52H; California
Whlto Autralian. *1 60@l 62'4; -Northern
Club, $1 603>l 62\i, with none offering; North -
Bllver Is %c higher. Exchange shows more
variation. New York on Mexico being sharply
lower and San FYancluco on New York alpo
weak, with the between-rate among banks at
par and below.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty daye.$4 84 @4 S4>4
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87 (f4 87V;
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 87% t*4 87H
New York Exchange, sight 02 © 02^
N Y. exchange telegraphic. 024 & 0T.
Silver, per ounce — <W 38»;
Mexican Dollars 45% @ 40
INTERNATIONAL. , ; v \:;..
New York on Paris 5.15%
New York on Mexico 210
Paris on London 25.15.
Berlin on Ix>ndon 20.3«ii
Wheat nnd Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign futures', were lower and
weak. Chicago was very Irregular, advancing
from $1 0S% to $1 09%, failing back to $1 0*3*
and closing at $1 07H. A Kansas City wire
said that a grain firm there had a report
from 63 of Its stations in Kansas. Oklahoma
and Southern Nebraska, all reporting Wheat
suffering for moisture, with much Wheat dam
aged and the outlook discouraging.
The world's shipments for the week were
heavy being as follows. In quarters: Rus
«lan, 6S6.0OO; Danubtan. 82.000; Argentine,
109,000; Indian. 243.000; Australian, 11.000.
In this market futures were lo lower in
sympathy with the Eastern and • foreign mar
kets with liquidation In December and pros
sure' to sell that. month. The cash grain was
a fraction lower, with sellers now disposed
to meet buyers. There Is a good and growing
demand for northern Red at the quotation
below. 5v3SS
CABH WHEAT.
Flour, qr eks.. 3,844|v\"ool bale« .... 33]
Wheat, ctls 3.P23|LeRther, rolls .'. 4C4
Barley ctls ... 4.6S1|TalIow, ctls ... 2(11
Oats.- ¦ ctls l.r>75iHlde*. No 1,280
Rye. ctls 380 Pelts. No 1,179
Beans, sks 10,00."Llme. bbls 1R2
Potatoes sks . . 8.^"S Paper, reams . . : «35
Onions eks ... 200 Quicksilver, fisks : 117 I
Bran sks ..... r.21 Brandy, pals il.nso
Middling?, sks.. -300 Wine, gals .....122.2Ort
Hay tons .;... S74 Sugar, ctls 040
Straw, tons .... 25 Raisins, bxs ... 5.5C0
Hops bales .... 24rt|
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. 0.7M|Meal. ska ...... V'U
Wheat ctls ... 16,169 Groats, ska . 30
Oats ctls 801
EASTKRN.
Wheat, ctls . .. 900' Com, ctla, 1,200
Receipts of
FOR MONDAY. NOVEMBER 21.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21. — Another advance was
reported In the copper market, with the tono
firm in spite of a moderate nales movement.
Kake If quoted at $14 S7'A«15 12%, electrolytic
$U75&15 and casting at $14 6O@14 "5. with
some o! the larger producers naming $15 as an
it.siii" prlc» for lake. Spot copper in London
closed at £08 12s 6<1 and futures at £07.
Tin was al»3 higher In the local market, clow
ing at $23@29 25 for spot, nrhile in London lb«
market «>• rather • irregular, with spot un
c!.*:ik< <i »t £132 15s and futures at £132 7b 6d.
\* art was unchanged at *4 20 to 4 70 In the
local market. In Ixindon tha quotation «u>
little higher at £13. >••'»••
Spelter was firm and higher at 95 7505 87 H
in the local market. Abroad it ,was unchanged
at £25 6s. '. ' " ' ¦
I ror cluncd at 52» Od in Glasgow and at 40s
3d tn Middlesboro. Locally Iron was firm. '. No.
1 foundry. Northern. No. 1 foundry. Southern,
and Nc. 1 foundry'. Southern,' soft, are juok-'I
at $l<jrjO<317; So. 2 foundry,' HortUern, $1G@>
1U&0. .';:'': V '-I,'.'
Now York Metal Market.
Kxcliange and Bullion.
United States District Judge de Hav
en yesterday handed down an opinion
limiting the liability of the Michigan
Steamship Company aa owner of the
steamer Proirreso, which blew up De
cember 3, 1902, the explosion killing
several persons. Claims to the am&unt
of 5100,000 had been filed by heirs of the
deceased. The opinion limits the,lia
bility of the company to $13,020. the
appraised value of the wreck. Heirs
of the crew of the Proereso killed by
the explosion will be entitled to dam
ages, but the- suits brought by heirs
of employes of the Fulton Iron "Works
ar« dismissed.
Judge de Haven holds that the com
pany is liable for damages claimed by
the heirs of the seamen employed by it,
and is entitled to limit its liability as
to such damages, but is not responsible
for the damaces claimed by the em
ployes of the Fulton Iron Works.
The Judge holds that the explosion
was directly caused by a Fulton Iron
Works employe named McGlnley hold
ing a lighted candle within two and a
half Inches from a hole, that he had
drilled' in the oil tank, thereby setting
flre to the escaping gas. The negli
gence of the company in placing oil on
board which would flash at the low
temperature of 85 degrees In a tank not
properly supplied with ventilators was
not the proximate cause of the explo
sion, says the opinion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Damages Awarded for the
Killing of Members of
the Crew of That Vessel
The Egg market is still soft, but quotations
are no lower, 83 the Thanksgiving demand Is
drawing on stocks of ranch Eggs and checking
any further accumulation. This check is re
garded as merely temporary, however, and Its
continuance is limited to. the coming holiday
on Thursday.
Receipts were 46.K0O lbs Butter. 433 cases
Eggs and 3300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, at first hands, 20ft21c
for extras and 18#19c for lower to medium
grades; dairy, 17@19c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. 10@ltc: Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed. • 15@Kic.
CHEESE— ll^®12c for choice mild new and
lOiQllc for old: cold storage, JOHifiellc; Young
Amprloup. 12«712^c: Eastern. 10©15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 40@44c for good to fancy
and 36@37%c ¦ for common; cold storage, 2G@
30c- : Eastern.. 25@2Sc for choice. -ja^-Us for
(standards and 19@21c for seconds.
The movement to ship a lot of Butter to the
East, which has been the feature of the mar
ket for EOTho days, showed signs of failing
yesterday. It ; appears that a number of houses
have suddenly become indifferent, and the
othera charge them with drawing out in order
to- let thifse.who do the shipping get their
Hutter off the market, then, ¦ with the surplus
cleared up, the market will improve and en
able them to sell their own stock to advantage.
In other words, that they want the shippers
to do all the work and take all the risk,
while they hang back and reap the benefit.
Whether this charge be correct o r not, trie
matter has stirred up some irritation and
caused a halt in the movement, and the broker
who Is conducting the deal says that unless
the matter Is immediately settled one way cr
the other he will drop out of the deal. The
market showed 'no further decline yesterday,
and Indeed most dealers reported Increasing 1
steadiness In tho fine creameries, though
stocks arc still excessive .a.<d unwieidy.
Cheeoe remains a3 before fjnotci, with slowly
Increasing supplies.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
PitOGRESO CASE
IS DECIDED
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead 7^40
7?ic per lb; White Lead, 7Vi@7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cube?. A : crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. Cc; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners' A Cc;
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; "D." 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels'
6.50c: boxes. 6.75c: H. & E. Crystal Dominos,"
9c per lb.' No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
OILS— Quotations are for barrela; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10®l 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases,
li5(frS0c per Ballon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
r>8c for Ceylon ana 65c for Australian; extra,
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached wlnte r Whale
Oil 57c; natural Whalo Oil, 52c; extra winter
strained Lard OH. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. -73c: No. 1 Neatifoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon OH, 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c ; boiled Paint Oil. 33c ; raw Paint
Oil, 31c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13c; Pearl OH. In cases. 19%c; Astral 19Hc;
Star 19 We; Extra Star. 22 He; Elaine, 26c;
Eocene 21Hc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 10c; In cases. 22Hc; Benzine, In bulk,
13c; In cases, 19»4c: 86-degree Gasoline In
bulk 25c: in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
General Merchandise.'
BAGS — Grain Bags are higher In sympathy
with an advance at Calcutta. Grain Bags,
5>r;@5^: San Quentln, $4 50; Wool Bags,
30@32c: Fleece Twine, 7',£c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8: Seattle. $0 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill $5 60; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay.
$5 60; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke,
$11 50#13 per ton In bulk and $15. In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 SO per short
ton. ' .' •
Forelen Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening 7 \b 7 2^ 7 2Vi
Closing 7% 7 2^ . 7 2%
PARIS. ,
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 23 60 25 C5
Closing 23 53 25 05
Flour —
Opening 31 2.1 32 70
Closing 3115 32 65
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 21. — Wool, steady: medium
grade*, combing and clothing, 21@-29c; light
fine. 18@22^c; heavy fine, 13@18c; tub
washed, 26@30c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 21. — Wheat— Walla Wal
la for export, »oc; milling. 83c: for Eastern
market — Walla Walla. 83c; bluestem. 5c
higher.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 21. — Wheat, lc lower for
bluestem at 65c; club, unchanged at 65c.
Northern' Business.
SEATTLE, Nov. 21.— Clearings, $1,008,023;
balances. S15S.516. /
TACOMA. Nov. 21. — Clearings. $593,706;
balances. $62,802.
PORTLAND. Nov. 21. — Clearlnen, $830,901;
balances, S82.021.
SPOKANE. Nev. 21.— Clearlnss, $519,SC9;
balances, ?S9,945.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
The market for Turkeys, both live and
dressed, opened firm, with trade fairly active
In fancy stock, but after the wants of early
buyers were filled trade> became quiet and
there was a heavy surplus unsold at the close.
Receipts of dressed from Oregon were 107
tons, gross weight, and Included three straight
carloads from Oregon and two from Texas,
the latter being received by a leading retailer.
Prices of the general run of No. 1 stock
ranged from 24c to 2<!c per pound, with very
little business reported at the latter figure.
Borne handlers were firm In thrir views and
were holding out for higher prices,' while most
retailers were* holding off expecting a break.
The three cars of Oregon stock were not
placed on sale, but were held over for to-day's
market. Trade in live chickens was quiet and
prices were largely nominal. A car of West
ern was, on sale. •
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 2.1S2b'c for
No. 1 and lS©2'-'c per lb for No. 2; Live Tur
keys. lS'PSOc for old and 2U8'i:ic per lb for
young; Geese, per pair. $2©2 25; Goslings, $2 25
02 50; Ducks. $5©5 50 per dozen for old and
55®7 for young: Hen*. $4. 500 5 for small and
$5 50&H fur largo; youn* Roosters, $5 ROi^
6 50; old Roosters, $4@4 j0; Fryers. $4 GoigS;
Broilers $3@4; Piecons $1@1 25; Squabs ilia
2 50.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $3©R per dozen:
Canvaeback. $3£0>; Teal. $2^2 25: .Sprig $2 50
&3; Widgeon. $1 7862; Red Head*. *$2@;'.;
Mnal! Ducks. $1 7.V . Gray .Geete, $2tf3;
White Geesi. ?l«il 75; Brant. $1 25&2 &«;
Honkers, ?3<ij'5; Snipe, .«:: for English and $1 50
for common; Doves. §1 25: Hare, $1 50®l 76;
Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush. ¦ i
Poultry and Gnme.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
w»ak. with offerings, liberal and demand In
different. Common "are quoted- at 39i®4^ic:
prime. 4'-j@4 ; >ic; choice. 5@5%c; fancy, 6@
6',4c. - • - ¦
PRUNES — Continue quiet, but desirable sizes
are not plentiful for the time being and the
tone of the market in firm at prices ranging
from 2c to 6c. according to grade. Oregon
prunes are pretty w»ll cleaned up with quota
tions ranging from GC7c.
APRICOTS — Steady to firm in spite of a
light buying movement. Choice are held at
9»,i s 910c; extra choice, I0',i@10%c; fancy, 11
@15c.
PEACHES— Steady. Choice. 9®t)'ic; extra
choice. »H£10c; fancy. 10'iSllc.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— FLO Lit— Receipts,
23. ,00 barrels; exports, 2900. Market quiet and
partially lower. Minnesota patents. $6JJ6 30
WHEAT— Receipts, 87,000 bushels; exports
23.941. Spot w-ak. No. 2 red, $1 isaj f. o . D .
afloat; No 1 Northern Duluth. $1 20% fob
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 OS f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened barely steady on ' big
\WFiern receipts. ¦ They acted strong later ow
ing lo a bullifh Kansas State report and small
shipments, but eventually collapsed under
Northwest weakness, a big visible supply in
creases and bear pressure. Th» close was *4@
?*c net lower. Way, $1 I0 3-16igl 12U, cloned
$1 10H; July. $1 ©1%61 03";. closed $1 02; De
cerrb«>r. $1 15&1 15* 4 , closed $1 15U
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Flrnv
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SL'GAIt — Raw, firm; fair refining, 4 3-16c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 I-I60; molasses sugar.
3 15-16c. Refined, firm.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed five to ten points higher with the tone
steady. Total sal*s. 1*5,700 bags, including:
December, 6.70c; March. 7.00c: May, 7.10®
7.20c; July. 7.35c; September. 7.&0S7.&&C Spot
RIj. quiet; No. 7 Invoice. 8*ic; mild. qul«"t.
BUTTER — Firm. Extra creamery, 25<325ijc:
official price; creamery, common to *>xtra. 150!
25^»c; State dairy, common to extra. 14023c;
renovated, common to extra, 13@lf»c; Western
factory, common to choice. 13#16^c; Imita
tion creamery, common to choice, 15Vi@19c.
CHEESE— Firm. State, full cream, Septem
ber colored and white, fancy. 11 %c; do late
made colored and white, poor to . choice, S@
]0*«c: do !anm September colored and white,
fancy. ll*4e: <lo large late made colored, good
to choice. fi»;j?10\4; do late made white, poor
to fancy, T^iQlO'/ic. •
EGGS — Strong. Western selected choice, 299>
30c; do, average best.- 28c. -
DRIED FRUITS.
New York Grain and Produce.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 250 lbs, 4fte:
under 140 lbs. 4Vs@4%c: soft Hogs, not want
ed; Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent
off. and Stags, 40 per cent 'off from above
quotations.
The. following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 7%©7%c: Cows and Helf
er». 5%@($y-c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — t@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3V4@3%c; Ewes. 3©3Uc
per lb (gross . weight).
LAMBS— $2 5002 75 per head.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 567c for Steers and 4®5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 6@7^c: small 7@3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes. 6®7c per
pound.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb. .
PORK— Dressed Hogs 6@Sc per lb. \
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
There was nothing new yesterday
DRESSED MEATS.
Siot closed <iuiet and steady: middling up
lands, luc; middling Gulf, lu.23e; sales 5"0
bales.
Xew York Cotton Market
NEW YORK, Nov. 21:— Cotton futures opened
easy; November. 9.44c bid; December, 9.54c-
January. 9.62c; February, 9.67e bid; March
9.66c; May, O.bOc; June, 9.65c; July. 9.69c.
Futures closed steady; December. 0.69c
January, 9.70c; February, 9.76c; March 9 82c-
April, ».87c; May. 9.94c; June. 0.95c; July
lor: August. 9.78c.
Crown Point.. IS 18! Silver Hill.... B4 55
Eureka Con.. — BOJSt. Louis .... — 09
Exchequer ... 43 4 »! Syndicate .... 03 OK
E. Sierra Nev 03 05' Union Coa.»^ 5« 57
Gould & Cur. 1.1 14?Ctah OS 0©
Hale & Norc. 72 75|Tellow Jacket. 17-13
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning- Session.
; 100 Cent Eureka. 1 SO) 300 Ray & O'Brien 07
500 Columbia 18*1000 Red Top 12
200 Gold Anchor. 201 20O Ton- Midway.. 38
10OO Goldfleid Mhlc 171 10O Ton N Star... IT
600 Jumbo «2f IOO Ton of Ifev.S 87S
100 Mont Ton ...1 70)
Afternoon Session.
200 Cent Eureka. 1 60[ 500 ResOU» <»
2C0 Gold Anchor. 211 500 Resone 10
600 Jumbo *3l 100 Ton Belmont . . •»
4C0O MacNamara . Ct| loo Ton Belmont.. 7O'
100 Mont Ton..l 67%l 100 Ton Gold Mt. H
lOOrt Paymaster .. Cfi| 200 Ton Midway.. 3S
1600 Paymaster .. O7| 100- Ton ot Nev. 8 87%
400 Ray & O'Brien 07;' 600 Ton N Star... ¦ IT
1000 Bed Top .:.. 13| .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bld.Askt Bld.Ask.
Ton of Nev. — 9 12% (Ton Gold Mt. 17 20
Mont Ton ...1 H5 1 76|Rescue Oft lrt
Ton Exten ..180 2C0!Ton & Cal 16 2O
MacNamara . 23 25! Ray * O'Brien — 09
Ton Midway.^ R7 3S| Paymaster ... 07 —
Ton Belmont.. 69 72 Esperanza 01 02
TonN Star... 17 18 Gold Anchor.. 2f» —
Ton Ohio .... — 30 Qulncy 11 —
West End ... 13. — S.X Ton Con. — 13
Goldfleid.
Sandstorm .. IS — Jumbo Ex ... 19 22
Red Top 11 13 Vernal Mln .. «> It
Goldfleid Mhk 16 —Goldfleid 53 —
Jumbo 64 65
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran-.
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
2000 Esperanza ... 01!5O0O Red Top It
70O Goldfleid Mln 58ilOOO Rescue ..' '*>
200 Little Ton .. -4SI 100 Sandstorm ...19
IOO Mont Ton..l 67Hi 600 Ton Belmont.. 7ft
IOO Mont Ton ...1 «0' 50O Ton Belmont.. 7t
400 N Y Ton Con 121 500 Ton Belmont. . TO
1C00 Paymaster .'.. 04' 1500 Ton Midway.. S7
1000 Red Top 12* |, M ¦ m
Afternoon Session.
2000 Bullfrog Mln. 51 !2Oft0 Paymaster ... 08
1000 Cent Eureka. 1 50:20»K> Red Top 12
100O Goldfleid Mhk 10 1000 Red Top ..... 11
9 Jumbo 5o|l0oo Sandstorm ... n»
6200 MacNamara . 24 1 1000 Sandstorm ... IS
700 MacNamara . 25.1100 Ton * Cal 17
ICO Mont Ton ...1 70 1000 Ton Gold Mt. 17
200 Mont Ton..l 724I150O Ton Midway.. 3$
COOO Paymaster 07|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS..
Bid. Ask. I B1d.AaJt.
Adams 09 — < MacNamara .. — 31
Black Ants .. — 10'Mlzpah Ex... 05 —
Black Butte.. 16 — IMont Ton. ..1 70 1 72**
Blue Bull M. — 28! N T T Coa M. 12 —
Booth M Co. 12 — {Paymaster ... M —
Bullfrog Mln. — B2|Ray Exten . . 05 fl.1
Columbia — 22, Ray & O'Brien — IS
Diaroondfleld. 24 — I Ray Ton .... 11 —
Eaperanza ... — OljRed Top 11 13
Glpay Queen. — 20| Rescue 09 10
Ooldfleld B Bl — 15lRothwell O M. 1O 59
Goldfleid BAB — 12ISandstorm .... 1*
Goldfleid Dmii — 20ITon Belmont.. «!S 7O
Gldfll Gt Bn<l — lfilTon & Cal 15 —
Goldfleid Mln 57 CR Ton Cash Boy. — «
Goldfleid Alhk 17 19iTon Exten .. — t OO
Gldfld Red L. — OtVTon Gold Mt. 18 17
Gold Mt Con. — «2'Ton Midway.. 38. 37
Hazel Kirk .. — 12iTon of Nnr.. —9 00
Jtm Butler .. 5« BOlTon. N Star... 1* —
Jumbo ' 55 BTITon & S Lake 80 —
Jumbo Ex ... IS 20!Ton Union .. — It
Little Ton .. 46 — (Vnlted Ton .. — 08
Lucky Bldwn — Wl Vernal Mln .. o» It
Lucky Tom.. — - 10'West End ... 13 — ¦ ?
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— To-flays Treas
ury statement: Available cash balance $144 -
757.068; gold, *82.35«.116.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4@7o per lb;
String Beans. 3H^?4c per lb; Wax Beans,
5@"c; Lima Beans. 4'£<g5c per lb; Tomatoes.
Soft'Sc per box: Summer Squash, $150 per
box; Cabbage. 65|@70c per ctl; Carrots. 75c per
eack; Cucumber?, 40@t;()c per box: Garlic 4%
<S5c per lb: Egg Plant. $1@1 25 per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers. 25®
40c per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash,
$10^12 per ton for round lots.
POTATOES? — Burbanks from the river 400
65c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $1 10® 1 35 per
ctl: River Reds. (i0@70c per ctl; 1 Sweet Pota
toes. 65®S5c per ctl.
ONIONS — $2@2 25 per ctl for fancy and
$1 25©1 50 per sack for off grades.
Miscellaneous vegetables were steady for
fresh offerings,- while old and poor lots con
tinued to drag at unsteady rates. Cucumbers,
Peas and Beans did better and occasional
sales of fancy Tomatoes were reported at $1
per box.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade in Potatoes was moderately active on
local account, but only the best offerings were
wanted. The . steamer Queen took out some
large shipments of river Burbanks for Seattle,
but the movement was not sufficient to re
lieve the market, which was still con
gested with old stock, and prices showed no
Improvement. . Nine carloads of Sweets were
offered, causing a sharp _ break in prices.
Onions continued In light supply and firm at.
pre\ious- prices. - • •.*<••' *~ ¦»*¦-.>. ¦ <•¦¦-¦. • -- "
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 21.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 17.000, Including 1O0O Southerns. Mar
ket steady to 10c lower. Native steers. $3 50®
ti 15; Southern steers. $2 50@4 25; Southern
cows $1 50@3 25; native cows and heifers,
$1 50<§5; stockers and feeders. $2 25@4 10; bulls,
$17503 50: calves, $2 25(155 75: Western steers,
$3®4 73; Western cows, $1 75«?3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000. Market 5c lower.
Bulk of sales. $4 40S4 70: heavy. $4 70®4 80;
packers $4 554i4 70; pigs and light, J4@4 60.
SHEEP — Receipts. COCO. Market steady.
Muttons, $3 73(34 50; lambs. $4 25<g'5 85; range
wethers, $4f 4 75; ewes, $2 50@4.
Kansas City.
SHEEP— Receipts. 17,500. Market slow to
10c lower. Western yearlings, $4 25@4 50;
wethers. $4 10*B4 40: ewes, $3 H&§4 35; common
and stockers, $2 50®4 10; lambs, $5@-5 S5.
HOGS — Receipts. 6200. Market 5*S7 %c lower.
Heavy. $4 55@4 60; mixed. $4 8504 90; light,
$4 ."Off 4 57%% Pigs, $4@4 50; bulk of ealets,
$1 65@3 85.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Nov. 21. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, !>200. Market 5<310e lower. Native
6teers, $3 $0®6 40; cows and heifers, $2 40jJ
3 85; Western steers. $2 9O@4 70; Texas steers,
$2 75©3 75; range cows and heifers. $2 25(g3 50;
canners. $1 85<g2 25: stockers and feeders. $2 40
<54; calves, $250^5 50; bulls and stags, $1 654?
3 85.
CHICAGO. Nov. 21.— CATTLE — Receipts.
33,000. including 5000 Westerns. Market steady
to 10c lower. Good to prime steers, $5(36 75;
poor to medium, $3 5O>35 60; stockers and feed
ers, $2®4 20: cows. $1 2.*'u'4 -"•; heifers, $175(3
5] canners. $1 2.'@2 40; bulls. $2@4 25; calves,
$3 5O@« 50: Western steers, $.103 25.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 45,000; to-morrow,
27,000. Market 5c lower; mixed and butchers,
$4 50@4 75; good to choice heavy, $4 40@4 60;
light. $4 G0@4 70; bulk of sales, $4 60@4 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 28,000. Sheep and Iambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 Z5®Z>; fair
to choice mixed. $3 5064 30; Western sheep, $3
65; native lamb?, $4 50<gO 20; Western lambs,
$4#«. .....
Omaha.
Chicago.
It Is reported that a movement is on foot to
pool the Hops on the whole coast and that a
California grower is even now In Oregon try
ing to effect the deal and place the price for
choice Hops at 35c. The market Is firm and
unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about W@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9%o for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10%c: Salted Veal,
lie; Salted Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. 17%c: dry
Kip 15c; dry Calf, 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
25@40c each; short Wool 40iS'65c each; me
dium. 75@90o; long Wool. $1®1 50; Horsa
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 60 for
medium $1 50&2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides dry, $1 75 for large and $1 25©
1 50 for medium, $1 for small. 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, - SOc : dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c: Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do,
$1 25: large. 50c: medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2 3ftc: Grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL — Fall clip-^San Joaquln and South
ern 9@llc- Southern, 8@9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9@llc; Middle Count!** free, 12fJ>Hc:
do defective. 10@12c; Northern free. 12014c;
do, defective. 10® 12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. lb0;l<c per lb.
HOPS— 1304 crop, 29@32c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, AVool and Hops.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
ELGIN, 111.. Nov. 21. — Butter was firm to
day and unchanged from last week at 25c per
pound. Sales for the week were 645,000 pounds.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21. — On the Produce Ex
chanre? to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, 16@24c; eggs, firm, 18%i822c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
BEANS— Bayoa. $2 75®3: Pea. nominal;
Butter. $3@3 25; small White, $3 1503 30;
large White, $'_' 40@2 65; Pink, $2 75@3 15;
Red $i 25@4 50; Lima, $4 15@4 25; Red Kid
neys, $4 50; Biackeyes, $2 C0@2 75 per otl;
Horse Beans, $1 S5«?2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mu«tard. $4 75(§5; Yellow
Mustard, $3 23; Flax. $2@2 75; Canary, 6%
@7c; Alfalfa. 1DMiS16%c; Rape. 1%#2%c;
Timothy, 5*«c; Hemp, 3%S3%c per lb; Millet.
-'Viiff-'lHc; Broom Corn Beed. $20(321 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75^2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75<g2 50 pe r ctl.
Receipts of Beans were again heavy, being
10,00o sacks. The market was quiet and un
changed. The shipping movement to Montana
and the Southwest continues, though It Is not
large, and every day or so a car or two is
sent away.
Beans and Seeds.
All quotations remain unchanged, with a
quiet market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10^c per lb for
heavy. 10%c for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14 %c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar,
cured Hams 12%@12%c; California Hams.
12@12%c- Mees Beef, $10®10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess, $10 50O11; Family *12@12 50: prlm«
Mess Pork $14 50; extra clear. $22; Mesa.
$16 50: Pig' Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9@9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9Vi<9
9%c; 10-lb tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE: — One half barrel. 8%c; thre«
half barrels. 8^c; one tierce, 8%c; two Uerces.
8Vic; five' tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
iat»- did not hold until near the closx*. Chi
<a}ro exehangf^ rosw- to "*) cents, against 10
Isf-t »Mk. marking the continuance of the flow
of Interior money to New York, while the
rnovt-m^ns of the new com crop wa? scarcely
cosmicaced, exr' aln in)r the light interier needs
tor currency. Railroad officials In different
f=erticns differ somewhat In their views of the
of the inrrfaw In the froight movement,
'hCM- of EaFtern line? showing especial en
thusiasm on the present volume of business.
The I'niteJ State? Pteel stocks and the rail
road equipment stocks reflected the good rt-
IKjrlt from trade .cirol^s. Amalgamated Cop
txr was strong In common with all copper
eti.<ks. and metal Htock? were generally bene
fited in Fj-mpathy. The large demand for cop
1->t i* assumed to so largely into electrical
imprevetn''nt*. and th» electric storks made
notalle galas. The day's email changes in
l^a-iinj; KtockK comport with the narrowing of
the dimensions of the market, and the closing
Mnaa irregular and below the best.
Bonds »ere firm. Total sales, par value,
110^80.000.
United Htatft bonie were unchanged on call.
New York Stoek List.
Stocks — Sales. Higrh. Low. Close.
Aichiscn l«.4OO t>G% h6^ S^a«
A u bison pfd 2.1'«0 103"^ 11«^ 103%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 8,300 fl7'« 07% 07*&
Halt & Ohio pfd... UK) »4'» S»4% 84
<anadi»n Pacific... 9.200 134^ 134 % 1345g
< >n of N>» Jersey lfil
<"h<4*peake & Ohio, fc.300 .Vt"* ,V»i, 50^
Chii-ago ii Alton... S00 45»i 44% 44
(•hi & Alton pfd 82
«'hl Great Western 24,««m;» -I>S 24H 24*i
Chicago & N W... SK» 2f>! 2<iO 200%
CM, Mil & Pt P.. 22.<»<»» 174*« 173»4 173 S «
C. M & fit P pf d 1«2
Chi Tern) <t Trans, fi.100 16 15% 1514
Chi T & T pfd 7.4<J» 27»» 2t>Vs 1'6'i
C. C. C & £ t Louis. 88
Colorado Southern. l.«XX) 23% 22% 2-S
Colo South 1st pfd. liH) !>* RA 58
«:oio South 2d pfd.. :xm :t7 :w% 3«v«
rviaware & Hudsfin «X» 187 1*0 lStj
!>;!. JL»ck i West. SO> 331 33W 3.W '
JJenver A.- Kio <i 32
IVn &. liio G pfd.. 100 R6 80 86
Erif 2L.SU0 39^ :«*'; 391,;
Kne 1st pfd LOW 73»« 73 72"*
IJrte 24 pfd 300 B4%, 54^» 51%
Hocking Valley 400 S4 J « 84 84
Hocking Valk-y pfd 8«%
Illinois Central 7M0 1T><> 14U% HU%
Io«-a Central W10 3114 30% 30%
Iowa Central p'd . . :««• AS 57 57
K C Southern «00 31% 3ti% &\
K C Southern jjfd .. 1.5fiO 54 \ t M% W±
Jyouls & Nath 3.10(» 139 T * 139 130^
Manhattan L l.ft<i0 ']W' 167^ 1«7
Metropolitan Sec*.. 2.400 h2H hi*, S\K
Metropolitan ft Ky fi.400 125 124% 124
Mexican Central... 22,9^0 23«» 22% 2314
Minn & St Louis .'. 64
M, 6t P * J! S M. Hit:
M.StP & KS M pfd 146%
Miesouri Pacific. 24.10<» 100»i I"* "4 1'iy't
Mo. Kan & Tex.. 1.1 no 35' 34s- :^a-
M. K & T pfd 1.500 64S, e4 64
Ntl RR Mex pfd.. 5,no«> 4r>% H% 441^
New York Central. 1.700 13«i« 135% 13R
KcrfoJk A Western. 7,7K» 75*i 75^ ~z,yi
Nor & West pfd j»0
Ontario & Western. 600 42Vi 42 42
PeETi*yl\-ania 27.200 137 136Vi 136%
P. C. C & St Louis 771%
Rc&dlng 73.700 76H 75% 70%
Heading let pfd... JOO 87% 87% 87 T *
Reading 2d j>M 1O0 «O «rt 79%
H'-ck leland Co 2«.0(K) 37'i 3«U 3C%
Hock Ixland Oo pJd 8.700 »>5 83 H m'-i
H!L & SF 24 pfd.. 000 Cb% CfiH CH'
Pt lx>u'.6 SW 500 25«i 25>» 25'*
Pt Louis ?W pfd.. 900 KJ*i ft.'{'4 53H
HouthTn Pacific... 42.400 OS «7fc, C,~%
i-outhern Railway.. 1U,IX)O 38 25Vi 35%
t-outhcrn Ry pfd.. 400 fiS", «5^ 4 95\i
Texas *: I»a<-ific ... 2,KK) 37»i 37«n 37«I
T. Et L A W 4O0 ."S>« 31«i 31 H
T. St L & W pfd.. 4.R00 53*4 51", 53
Vnttu Pacific... ...1 71 ,!KK) 117 lisij ne«4
Vnion Pacir.c pfd.. 4U0 J>5 »5 Qi
V.ahesh 1.400 24»i 23*i 23 T i
Wabajih pfd 2,200 47H 46% 46%
Wheelins & L E.. 300 21 «* 21% 21 U
Wisconsin Central. «jOu 24^ 24 24
WUi Cfflt pfd 1/KiO 4S*« 4H 48W
pouth Pac pfd 1.200 117% 117U 117U
Express firepan I es —
Adams 23«
ABMTlcsn nfc t
Tnited State* ioo 12«' i5«" 124
W«lls-Farro «4Q
Ml*c»!lan«ou» — '
Amal Copp*r Kl.7'K) 81 14 Tfi&i 805i
Amer <: & T 7.400 32». 3,1* 3,4?
Am-r <! & F pf<5.. 4O«. R9 fiS g8«
Am»r Cat Oil 700 3»»; 31U 34s
Amer CM Oil pfd *
Amer W T,.n«o u\ "9" fj,-
Amer 1<« p'd 2. wort 391. z* zxil
Amer Lin Oil 100 1*?»£ ig*i ntl I
Atnor Lin Oil pfd * JJ**
Aner I^ocom 23.1 f»0 34 33 ii ni; |
Amer Loccm pfd... 2.«;fiO :01«; »«»•• ioikZ
Amer R & Ft 23.700 8l»2 7 8 u u,£ I
Arr.fr S & It pfd.. SMX> lu^ i\'S ,?}£ I
Amer Bursr Ilef . . lfi.100 U2U I5iu i5*i7 |
Anaconda Min Co.. 3.000 lSO'i ' 110 iT^tZ
Hrooklyn P. T .,.. «.!WV) C8»; flRti "ri?
Colorado K & I H.4O0 47% 4ii% 4-1*
•"onsoi'd G£» 7.500 ZlUi± 2JRU. "its*
r<r.i\ Prod 3.300 IT,"*, t." "25*
Com Prod pfd .... 1.3OO wi; r 0 «0
r»i«il Recoir 700 37% sc« .3^:4
fl'jicral Elec 7.10O IUQ% ms Ipg.?
Int»r Paptr 4,0/X) £()-¦ «,> Vh)xI '
!m«r Pnper ptd ...;.' COO 7» 78% tH
Jr.ux Pump I.C00 41 40 41
Irter Pump pfd ... 400 K5 K5 Kt
NationaJ Leed 400 24% 24". 24%
North Answ J.ftflO JOf>'-\ I05U 105=1
Pacific Mall 1.300 4»^4 48% 48>.;
Peoples CM 1.700 :0»l, 1CS»4 lOR^i
PrMW<l Ft Car 3.SOO 25% 35 3J%
Prwauyj St Car pfd S.'K» «3% K3% s «/
Pullman Pal Car.. 3"0 231^ 230 23O
R<^»uhlic Steel .... 1,700 17 16% l«;s;
rtepubiic st pra .. i.'^-o «» cs es%
Rubber Good* 1.200 24H 23 ',5 ?¦"-
Rubber Gds pM ... 300 f7« /7 fi7Vi
T*nn C A I 7,5^» 76% 75»; 75'A
TT f father W •«» 15 14% I4<
tJ £ leather pfd .. 2.500 9551 95 96%
however, as was St. Paul, a consideration of
the dimini. hing supplier in the money market
msy hare admonished eome of the speculative
elrnipr.t aca!ns=t excee of commitmentF. but
such <-.jnFi<Wat»on fails t<» explain the strength
of the dullT tradf. The engagement of gol<l
barn for rxp^rt to PariF thi> week was added
to by an amount of several hundred thousand,
eni Inquiry for all available geld bars was
urgent at th<» assay offlc*. Foreign exchange
inacjf a further tdvano 1 , thus bridging the in
terval which permits the shipment of coin, and
jf*d>»,<>n<> in coin was engaged for Germany.
Call loans wtr<» maile at J per cent, but thii
VEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Aggregate sales of
stock* at the Ptook Exchange fell off to-day,
but. notwithstanding thr <iec"ining activity,
rncet were w!l maJntainf-i. Th<» market Is
hxrft d^Pm-d as qui*>t and strong. The cause of
the falling eff in tunings was not very clear.
Th< fact of a broken we^k ahead on account of
Thanksgiving holiday may have been a motive.
There ¦•"** an Intimation that the expectation
of an ixm^iiaie d«-c'*ion of the Northern S«?
cttrltKa 5u:t might be disappointing. Wall
t-!r*<»t clings to a decision In that suit as a
pr^-rfl i. irrportant announ?»nient affecting the
irsnBcontinemal railroad situation, and the
prospect <t its delay discouraged some opera
tor*. Union Pacific was noticeably strong.
Kew" York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, weak; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 08«l 12; No. 3, $1@1 08; No. 2 red. $1 10U
@1 13 V4: No. 2 com. 53 %c; No. 2 yellow,
67%c; No. 2 oats, 2»%c; No. 2 white, 31%@
32%c; No. 3 white, 30%©32c; No. 2 rye', 78c;
good feeding barley, 38@38%c; fair to choice
malting. 42®52c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 11; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 18% ; mess pork, per bbl,
$11 06@ll 10; lard, per 100 lbs, 6 92%@6 95;
short ribs Elde« (loose), }6 62%@6 87%; short
clear sides (boxed), $6 750« 87%; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 24; clover, contract
grade, $12 25.
Articles — • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 92.000 13,000
Corn, bushel* 543.000 115.000
Oats, bushels 234, OOo 72,000
Rye. bushels 4.000 lO.OOrt
Barley, bushels 100.000 135,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The recent firmness . In Hay proved transi
tory, as larger receipts yesterday of 874 tons,
Including 79 cars, gave the market a check.
Buyers held off and trading was light,' with re
ceivers 'more than willing to sell. Prices did
not actually decline, however, though top
figures could hardly be obtained. • .
Bran continued firm, with sellers making
no concessions. • 1
BRAN— $18 50(919 f>0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 5C@2S per ton.
SHORTS— $18 50019 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23@24 60 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50@32 60;
jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake. $23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal. $24^25; Corn Meal. $31031 50;
Cracked Corn, $31 60®32; Mixed Feed. $22 50®
23: Horse Beans, $3O@4O per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $10@15; Wheat and Oat, $10®
14; Oat. $9^12; Barley and Oat, $8311; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable, $9@10: stock,
$5 50@7; Clover. $7® 10; Alfalfa. $9®12 per
STRAW— 35@GOc per bale. .
Hay and Feedstuffs.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Cloee: Money on
call vat j=t#ady at 2&2% jx>r cent; closing bid,
2 rwr cer.t; offered. 3 jier cent.
Time loans were steady, with Fixty days at
3"^ per cent; ninety day* and eix. months, 3*»
64 per cent.
Prime. Mercantile paper. 4h*@*\ P«r cent.
PterMng **rhang»» «>r Mrorg. with actual
business In bankers' bill* at $4.MK>@4.S715 for
of-mand and at 54.M10®4.&420 for fixty day
bills.
Potted rates. $4 *S aod $4 S7%'3?4 SS.
Commercial b'.'.is $4 £3"*<5J4 84.
Bar silver. .V>*-*c.'
Mexican dollar*. 4C*«c.
Bonds — Gov*ran'n(!i. Ft<»a<"y: railroads, firm.
New York Money Market.
EASTmiN MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows:' Graham Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour.
K 7; Corn Meal $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal $4; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy.
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
Wheat. S3 .75; Farina. $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 75@7 50; In
racks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peaa,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Fruits remain about as before quoted, with
the situation unchanged] X"uT3~ rule firm,
with a further advance In Walnuts. Honey
continues to drag with a large stock of
Nevada still lying here. Raisins are reported
somewhat more active and prices exhibit some
change. All the carry-over to out of the way,
as already mentioned, and a good deal of the
1904 crop has also been sold. It Is expected
that by next summer the stock will be prac
tically cleaned up. The rain did a good deal
of damage and choice goods are in lighter
supply than they otherwise would have been.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7%@10o for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
6%@7%c for White and 6%®7c for Red;
Peaches, 7%@8%c per lb; Pears, 7®12c;
Plums, pitted. 6@6%c for black. 7%@S*.4o
for red and 7@8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 60c; 3-crown 55c; 4-crown, 60c; 6
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2 ! *4<ff3c; black, 2%@
5%c; Evaporated Apples, 4%®6%c per lb.
PRUNES — l«gi©l%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2V4c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Freeno — Im
perial clusters, $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. $1 30@l 35;
London Layers. $1@1 10; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown, 4%c; 3-crdwn, 3%c; 2-crown. 3V4c;
Seeded, 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless, 4@4i.4c;
Seedless Sultanas 3Uc per lb.
NUTS — New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12®
13c; No 2. 10@llc; No. 1 hardshell, 12c;
No. 2. 10c; Almonds, 16® 17c for Nonpareils.
14@14%c for I X L. 13%@14%c for Ne Plus
Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans, H^Ulc; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5;
Chestnuts., 7@9c per lb for California and 11@
12 %c for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. 11%® 13c ror white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5% if
6c- light amber extracted, 5@5%c; dark, 3Q
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb..
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins,. Honey.
The mining . stocks showed little feature.
Con. Cal. & Va. was lower, tha decline being
attributed to the decrease. In the assays oC the
ore extracted last week. Th« Tonopahs were
In very fair movement, with Jumbo higher on
the 'day.
The Wild Goose Mining and Trading Com
pany paid a dividend of 30 cents per share
yesterday.
The total extraction of ore from the Silver
Hill mine last .week was 200 mining carloads.
The average of the car sample assays was
111" 60 per ton gold.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
paid a regular monthly dividend of 60 cents
per share yesterday.
California Powder Works (new corporation)
peld a regular monthly dividend of 60 cents
yesterday. . ;
STOCK ANT> BOND EXCHANGE.
\ MONDAY. Nov. 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l06U106%|4s qr cp new.130%131
4s qr reg...lOGHlC6%|3« qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Ala A W 5«. — — |Oak T Co 6s. 120*4 —
Asso Oil 5s. 84 87 I Do 6» 113 —
Bay CPC 6».101%102%f Do con 6*.1O3»4 ¦—
Cal C G 5s-102?4103 JOceanic S 5s. 55 60
Cal G & E g |Om Cable 6s.l20% —
m & ct 5a. 84 85%(Pac O Im 4«. — 97
Cal-st C Ba.114 — |P E Ry 5s..lM»41O5
C C Wat 5s. 96 , — P & C H 6s.lO4 —
BdL Sc P es.125 — P & O R e».115"4 —
F & C H 6s. — — Powell-«t 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 60 — Sac EG&R5s. — 100%
H C&S 5%s.lO5 — SF & SJVSs.119% —
Do 5a~ 100 — Sierra R 6». — —
Hon R T 68.1Ot% — S P of A 6«
L A Eleo 5s.lO3 — (1008) — 109%
L A Ry 5s.. 110 — .(1910) 109% —
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — (1906)Sr A. — 101%
Do gtd 5s.l0t — (1905)Sr B. — —
LAP lem 58.101 — I (1806) ......104^ —
Mkt-st C 68.116 — I (1912) .f...H4V4 —
Do lem 68.116% — I8PC 1 eg 6b. — —
MV& MtT5a.lO5 110 r D ° «tampd.lO8 —
NRR of C6S.1O5T1 - S? P B R 6s.l34%135U
Do, 5s 118% — IS V Wat 68.104% —
N P C R 6s. — — I Do 4s 2dm.lOO% —
N C Ry 6s.. — 112 i Do 4s 3dm. 90% —
N C P C 5s. 99 - | Dog mtg4s 99% —
N 8 R R 6s. — 03 |Stkn G«Erts. 93 —
OG L&H 5s. — 110 fV G & E 6«.102ii —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 |UR of SF 4s. 86% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 35 |Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 60 IS V Wat Co. 39% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 8*4 — |S F G & E. — —
Mutual E L. 10 11 IStkn G A E. — 8*4
Pac L Co... 60 61 |U G & B Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 326 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l27%132% L P & A 150 —
1 Anglo- Cal :. 87 — Mer Trust.... — 230
Bank of Cal.423%424% Merch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.150 — IS F National. — —
First Nationl — 369 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — Sav & L So.. — 100
1 Hum S & L. — — Sec 8av Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
8 F Sav U.615 675
STREET RAILROAD8.
California .. — 199 (Presidio 89% «
Geary — -40 |
POWDER.
Giant 61 63%|VIgortt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73 74 IMakawell C. 31 319»
Honokaa S C 17 17%|Onomea S C. 32 83
Hutch S P C 14V4 14% Paauhau S C l»*i —
Kllauea S C. 6 7 I
MISCELLANEOUS.
, Alaska P A. 95 95*4 Oceanic S Co. &% —
Cal F C A. — 99% Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 77 77W|Pac C Borx.l5« 157%
MV& MtTm. 95 102 |Pac S Tel Co. 105 ,
SALES. |
Morning Session.
Board—
210 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 74 00
!•'> Honokaa S Co 17 37*4
5 Paauhau S P Co 1» 50
15 S F Gas & Electric, cash 66 00
$1,000 Sac El Gas & Ry 5s 100 00
Street—
50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. . 6 00
60 Onomea Sugar Co 22 00
$15,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar Cs..l0O2.*>
$40,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 88 25
Afternoon Session. - ~ "
Board—
' 25 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 95 00
5 Alaska Packers' Assn b 2 95 25
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar...... 73 75
110 Hutchinson S P Co 14 50
50 Makaweli 31 60
75 Makaweli 31 25
100 Paa«hau S P Co 19 25
125 S F Ga» & Ehsctric. » 90.... 56 25
10 Spring Valley Water Co 40 CO
$1,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.. 100 25
r2,0OO N P C R R 5 per cent 10S 25
$3,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 104 75
$6,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). .108 CO
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 109 73
Street—
100 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar...... 74 00
100 Pacific Lighting Co 60 00
100 Pac States Tel & Tel Co 105 00
$15,000 Spring V Wat gen mtge 4s 9» 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. -..
Bid. Ask.| Bid. A«k.
Bay CPC 6s. 98 101 SF & NP 5s. 112 112S
B L Wat 6s. — 114%|S P C R 4». 98 103 '
Cal NW 5s.. 113% — |S P Co 4%s.l01*.4 —
M C Wat 5s.l00 — Sun Tel 6s... 114V; —
Ria I \Vks5s — 105 Do 5s 10«U —
SF Drdk 5s.ll2 — Suttr-st RSs.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S CO... 22 25 |Lon& SF Bk. — 80
Amer Bis Co — 90 |Mat Nav Co. 6O —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — fXev Nat Bk.20O —
Cal G&ECor. 5O — IN Cal P Co. 10 —
C Jockey C1.110 — |Oak Bk Sav.l2o —
Cal Powder. 130 145 |Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 HOOF Hall A 6*4 —
Cal T I & T — 160 lOrpheum Co. — 1SU
Cen Bk. Oak 60 72%)PacC Cas Co. — 135
Chutes Co . . 5 — I Pac Sur Co. 105
City & C Bk — 120 iParaf Paint., 39 —
Cyp L Imp.. 6 6%!S F Drydock — 65
East Dynm.. — 375 fSF&S.I Coal. 17% 2O
DptPwd pfd. — 95 |S J Wat Co.103%- —
Do com . . 40 — ISO & ** nv »bt.l28 —
FN Bk Oak.120 — |So Pac Co... 65 —
Fischer Thtr — l*-i'Swlss-A Bit.. 115%' —
Frnch-A Bk.106 — [Truck Elect.. 11 12*4
Gas Con A.. — 19 |UR InC pfd. 62 —
Hono P Co.. 23 — i Do com .. 16% —
i ¦ ' SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Street — '
$9,000 S F & N P Ry 5 per cent 112 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 43
Associated Trust Cert 25 , 26
Caribou rim
Chicago Crude 22
Claremont so 85
Four 63 ....
Giant 23
Home 51 55
Independence 33 35
Junction ' 14 ....
Kern 4 60
Monarch (of Arizona) 25 ....
Monte Cristo 75 80
: Occidental of W. Va. " 03 05
Oil City Petroleum «o ....
Reed Crude 2 00
Sovereign .... 33
Superior 03
Twenty-Eight 10 00 ....
Coalinga & Pac: Oil Co ....V. 40 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 125 150
California Jockey Club 110 Oo ....
Fischer's Theater '80 ' ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
600 Four Oil 6S
10 lone Eastern R 15 OO
.10 Makaweli Sugar 32 00
100 Sovereign 33
100 Sovereign, a. 90 !.. 32
1C0 Sovereign 32
700 Fischer's 1 00
200 Oil City Petroleum 58
Afternoon Session.
Board —
3500 Oil City Petroleum 53
1000 Oil City Petroleum 59
l.'JOO.Oil City Petroleum «O
2000 Associated Oil. s. 30 .25
. Mining* Stocks. ¦¦¦ t
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks. V v £
1C00 Alpha 121 500 Gould & Cur. 13
1000 Andes 28| 200 Mexican 1 lo
100 Belcher 22I15OO Potosl ....... 19
5<K> Belcher 211 ICO Potosl 13
100 Best & Belch.l 151 100 Savage ....... 24
700 Caledonia 50| 300 Savage 23
300 Chollar 13! 200 Sierra Nav 43
3.-x> Con Cal & V.I 90|" 200 Silver Hill 53
1.-I00 Con Cal St. V.I 851 1000 Union Con 54
100 Confidence ... 88 1 20O Utah C9
200 Crown Point.. 151
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
40O Alpha 131 600 Justice 05
10O Caledonia ..:." 50| 20O Mexican ......1 13
loo Chollar ' 131 100 Occidental ... 85
R00 Con C & V.I S3| 10O Ophlr 2 25
10CO Con Imperial. Oil 300 Potcsi 19
1C0 Crown Point.. 181 100 Sierra Nev.... 45
400 Gould & Cur. 13| 600 Sliver Hill 5*
10O Hal» &. Norc. 73! 300 Union Con.... 57
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.l . ' . Bid. Ask.
Alpha. 12 14|Jull& OS 06
Alta ••-- 05 OTJJusUca 05 ' 0«
Andes 25 2fllKentuck 02 08
Belcher 21 23|Lady Wash .. 02 04
Best & Belch.l 10 1 15'Mexican 1 10 1 15
Bullion 23 25|Occldental ... 94 1 00
Caledonia .... 49 60|Ophlr 2 20,2 25
Challenge ... 1.1 -15Overman l.V 15
Chollar 13 14iPotosl IS 20
Confidence ... fi5 90|Scorplon 08 07
Con Cal & V.I, 80 1 »5:Savag« 24 25
Con Imperial. — 01|Seg Belcher... 06 07
ctnn NT .... 03 OSlSlerra N«v.... «• 46
Total sales 1.173,400
Xew York Bonds.
V 8 ref 2« reg-.101%|L & N unified 4»-l°»
Do coupon 104%:Mnn con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg 104%|Mex Central 4s... <9
Do coupon 105 i Do 1st inc 28U
Do new 4s reg-130%|Mlnn & St L 4s.. 8.
Do coupon 130% I M K & Texas 4s. 103
Do old 4* reg.Utittl Do 2ds 80%
Do coupon 10CHINR of Mex c'V 1 4s - ° 2
Ateh grn if 102%|N Y C ren 3%*.. 100%
Do aUJ 4s 9* S J C R*n 5s.... 135^4
Atlantic C L 4h.10O |Nor Pacific 4s 105>4
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103%! Do Si* 75
Do 3%s 90 |Xor & W con 4s. 101
Central of Ga r»s.lll%;O3L 4s & partlc.lOlU
Do let Inc 02 iPa coav 3%s 103%
(Ties & Ohio 4%s.lOS (Reading gen 4s... 102%
rhl & Alton 3%s. 62i4!S L & I M con 6s.ll7%
C. B & Q new 49.101 iS L & S F fg 4s. 89!fc
CM &. BP gn 4s.llO%|St Louis SW lets. 97%
C & X W ron 7s.l2S%|Peaboard A L 4s. 85
O. R I & Pac 4f. 84 l «|So Pacific 4s 96%
Do col Bs »4%jSo Railway 5s 118%
C.C.C A FLgn 4s.l03 (Tex & Pac lsts.,122
<Ti! TVrm 4s 85 |Tol. St L & W 4s. 81%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 81% I Union Pacific 4s.lO6U
Colo & So 4s SS%I Do conv 4s 116
«: F «.- I con &s. 84 '4 It* S Steel 2d 5s.. 90%
Den & Rio G 4a. 101 (Wabash lsts 118
Erie prior lien 4s.l01*il Do deb B GShi
Do gen 4s 01*.iW & L Erie 4s... 93
F W & n C lsts.llO^IWls Central 4s... &2*i
Hock Val 4»js. ..110»i(
New York Mining Stocks.
Adama Con 25Little Chief Ott
Alice 70;Ontario ..'. 3 75
Breeoe 12|Ophlr 2 10
Bruns Con J.ijPhoenlx 14
Com Tunnel m Potoel 17
Con Cal & Va... 1 flSifavage 21
Horn Silver 1 SSISlerra Nevada.... 40
Iron Sliver 2 00; Small Hopes 26
Leadville Con 02Standard 190
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— lUnlted Fruit 107
Call loans 2%@.1%;U S Steel 27%
Time loens . . .4 @5 J Do pfd ........ £9
Bonds— |W£stiQK Common. S'J
Atchison 4s 102 IMlnlng—
Do adj «s 93%| Adventure 6%
M» Central 4s... 75 lAllouez 1«%
Railroads— l.Anial Copper 80%
Atchison S6>i!Amer Zinc 13
Do pfd 1 03 "i: Atlantic l»'i
Boptcn & Albany. 25.1 'Bingham 37%
Boston & Maine. 166%iCaIum«'t & Hecla.6«5
Boston Elev 154 ICentennlal 30
Fitohburg pfd 140 |Copper Range ... 71 %
Mex Central 22»«|Daly West 13%
X T. X H & H..l»6»,Dom Coal 61%
Pere Marqu^tt*. . . 77 IFranklin 13
Union Pacific lie'tttGrancy 6%
Miscellaneous— llFle Royale 30
Ampr Arge Chem. ?0 |Mass Mining 7*4
Do pfd S21i I Michigan 0\
Amcr Pneu Tub*. 5T4!Mohawk 55%
Amer Sugar 151%iMont Coal A Coke 4%
Do pfd 139 lOld Dominion ... 27*i
Amer Tel ft Tel.l44%|Osceola P6
Amer Woolen ... 24% Parrot -32
Do rM *2 iQulncy 120
Dom Iron *• S... 17%tShannon 9 1-16
E4 Elect Ilium.. 242 iTrlnlty 15U
Gen El»ctrlo 1S9 J TT s Mining 24U
Mass Electric 16%;U S Oil 12V,
Do pfd C9%il'tah 45»4
Mayo Gaa 41 U! Victoria 5%
In Shoe Mach... 59%Winona 11%
Do pfd 31%] Wolverine 108
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. SSUIX T Central 139«4
Do for acct..&8 5-16, Xor & Western... 77^4
Anarondan 6Hi Do pfd ". . 94
Atohlson RS^iOnt & Western... 43H
Do pfd 10e%!Pennry]vanla 70
Bait & Ohio lOOl^Itand Mines 11%
Can Pacific 137*;iReading 3sa;
Ches & Ohio 51Til Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 26%) Do 2d pfd 41
<Tii. Mil & St P.KMilSo Railway 36%
De Beers 18%! Do pfd OS
Den & Rio G 34 [So Pacific 6rUi
Do pM 6K (Union Pacific IIS""*
Erie 40841 Do r" 97%
Do lxt rfd 74*6!U S Ste«l 2«i;
Do 2rl pfd B3% ! Do rf d B0U
Til Central l.Vt'4'Wabash 24%
Loui» & Xafh 14.3 J Do pfd 48
M. K & Texas... 36 (Spanish 4s 87%
Bar silver— Firm 27 1-lCd per ounce.
Money— 2^2% per cent.
Ttie rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 393.1.16 per cent and for three
months' bills 3@3 1-16 per cent.
Chicago offering: Western Corn freely
on this market.
Outs and It ye steadily held and un
chaneed.
liran firm. Hay weak again, under
increased arrivals.
I*roposed shipment of Butter to the
East receives a check.
l>e«'line in EgK* checked by the
Thanksgiving demand.
I>ried Fruits unchanged. HaLMns
rather more active. Xute» firm.
No activity in the Provision markets
anywhere.
Attempt to form a pool of Coast Hop
ffrowersv.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs as before
Cuoted.
Cirain Bags higher. 1 i sympathy with
Calcutta market.
Turkey market unsettled, with buyers
holding oft".
I'otato market still congested with old
stock. Onions firm.
Cranberries firm at good price*. Seed
ling Oranges lower.
Wall street stocks flrxn on the day.
Cotton strong*?!*.
Local stocks and bonds much quieter.
Silver higher. Considrablo varia
tl<Sn in Exchange,
fav'i and future Wheat lower. Bar
loy steady and quiet.
SUMMARY OP TJIC 51ARKETS.
V S P.ealty 8.700 841'- 82 83%
V S Rubber 2.400 34 33% 33 %¦
V 8 Rubber pfd .. 1.200 83% 88 89
V S Bteel 65.100 28% 27% 27T ?
V a Steel pfd ....108.500 89% 87% §8%
Westing Elec 7.000 179% 177 l.fl
Western Union .... 300 92% »2U 92 U
day. The strength was probably due to the
fact that many traders who sold short on Sat
urday took frlrht at a rumor circulated early
to-day to the effect that there was a frost In
Argentina. .Another factor that tended to give
eupj>ort to the grain market was news con
corning world's shipments for last week, the
movement showing less than many traders ex
pected. For a time offerings were inadequate
to the demand and prices made a quick ad
vance. December sold to $1 00% and May to
$1 10%. Continued dry weather in the South
we«t had some influence on the early bulge.
Suddenly sentiment In the pit veered to the
bear aide. Reports from the Northwest stated
that the movement of wheat from the farms
In that section would probably continue heavy
for several months and that elevators are lit
erally packed with wheat. Following the lead
of a large commission house said to be acting
for prominent Wall street Interests, pit trad
ers turned active sellers of the December op
tion. The result was a sharp decline. May
closed at $1 08% and weak. December fin
ished at fl 07%.
In the faoe of the sharp break In wheat
prices a remarkably firm undertone* prevailed
In the corn pit. December closed at 4»%e.
May closed at 45V4@45%c.
With only scalping trade, the oats market
held steady throughout the entire session. De
cember closed at 2S%@28&;o and May at
31%c.
Provisions were weak as a result of liberal
recelDts of hogs at the yards. January pork
closed with a loss of 7%c. lard was down 5c
and ribs were off 2%@5c
' The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 1 OS'i 1 09% 1 05% 1 07V a
Ma" 1 09% 1 lOVs 1 08 1 OS*^
July 08% 98% 97% 97^<j
Corn No. 2 —
December 48% 4R% 47% 4b%
May 45 W, 45% ¦ 45% 45%
July 45% 45% 45% 45V4
Oats No. 2—
July 31V4 31% 3H4 31%
November 29%
December 28% 28«4 28% 2S»i
May ;.. 3H4 31 V* 31% 31%
Mesa Pork, per bbl —
January 12 45 12 45 12 37% 12 40
May.. 12 52% 12 55 12 50 12 52%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 6 72% fl 97% « 05 8 95
May 7 12% 7 12% 7 10 7 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January fl 47% 6 47% 6 42% 6 45
May 6 60 6 62% 6 57% 6 60
Open. High. Low. Close.
December— No sales; $1 09% bid, 9110 asked.
May ... $109 $109 $100. $108
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 00%. • *
OATS — The week opened with a quiet and
unchanged market. • ¦
i White -$1 42%@1 67%; Surprise, $1 B5©1 60;
Red fo r feed, $1 32%@I 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22%@1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
II 42Vi<S> I 60; Black, ?1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 45©1 C2H for seed.
CORN — The market Is showing signs of ap
proaching weakness, as local dealers report
that Chicago Is offering Western freely on
this market at $1 37% sacked, delivered here.
Another factor of weakness Is that when the
State product gets dry enough for shelling It.
too, will come in. and between the two de
scriptions supplies are expected to increase
materially.
Western sacked. $1 45@l 60 for Yellow.
$1 45® 1 50 for White and $1 45©I 50 for
Mixed; California large- Yellow, Jl 45@1 50;
6mall round do. $1 55@1 62%; White; nom
inal; Egyptian, $1 35®1 40 for White and
$1 17%®1 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 4001 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
ctl. ' • .
_. .. FUTURES. .
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m,
Feed. $1 08ft©! 13%; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 15©1 17%; Chevalier. Jl 15&1 20 per ctl.
CASH BARLEY.
' 2 p. m. Session. V- - . ¦
December — $1 43%.
May— $1 U%.
BARLEY— A sale of 60 tons of choice
bright Feed at Jl 13*4 shows an unchanged
and 6teady market for this description. The
demand, however, is quiet. Futures are also
inactive and about the same as at the close
of last week. ¦ - .
em Bluestem, 51 60@l 62#; Northern Red,
$1 47ft per ctl.
»i n i«t FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 43^ *1 43% $1 43 $1 43
May 1 45 1 45 1 43% 1 44
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges Navels, $1 W9
2 00 per box; Seedlings. $1@1 25; Tanger
ines. $1@1 25 for small and $1 50 for large
boxes; Lemons, $2 50@3 for fancy. $1 75@2 85
for choice and $1' 25<fil 50 for stand
ards; Grape Fruit, $1 75®2 50; Mexican Limes,
$4Q4 60 per case; Bananas. ?2@3 per bunch for
Central American and 75c@$2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, |1 50#3 per dozen.
FIGS— 50c©$l 25 per box.
GRAPES— Table varieties. 63c@$l 15 for
crates. 30@50c for small boxes and $1 50®2 for
open boxes. .
FIGS — 75c@$l per box.
GRAPES— Table varieties. 65c®$l for crate*.
30@00c for small boxes and $1@1 50 for open
boxes.
from local growing districts. Receipts of Or
anges were liberal and Included two carloads
of the Sunflower brand from Redlanda. which
were offered at $2 6002 75 per box. Trade
was quiet, however, and few sales were re
ported at those figures, as $2 50 was the high
est ; most buyers cared to pay. - Seedling- Or
anges were dull at lower prices, while other
Citrus fruits were unchanged. Ra*>pberrle9
and Longworth Strawberries were in limited
supply and sold In a peddling way at higher
prices, while the large varieties of Strawber
ries were In ample supply and weak.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $12@13 per
chest; Mallndas and Brandywines, $204; Che
neys, $5®6.
RASPBERRIES — $7®9 per chest. .
HUCKLEBERRIES-^Sc per lb..
CRANBERRIES— J10@U pe r bbl for East
ern and $2@2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
APPLES — Jl 25 per box for extra fancy. 85o
©51 for ordinary fancy. 5O@75c for choice
and 25@40c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellis. $1 25@1 50 per box;
cooking varieties 65c@$l per box.
PERSIMMONS— 656S&C per box.
cold shoulder. The sugars halted, and Maka
weli and Hutchinson were several fractions
lower and Hawaiian Commercial was weak.
Otherwise there was nothing: new.
There was the usual moderate trading In the
oil share?.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. 'Nov., 21.— At the opening a firm
undertone was manifested In the wheat pit to-
CHICAGO BOARD OF. TRADE.
The week opened quieter yesterday, with fair
trading- in bonds, but stock« w«r« ilvan th«
The Week Opens Quietly, With JPew
Fluctuations.
STOCK MARKET.
Just the same, we enjoy th» praise
of people we despise.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£& fe Jfe*
75 Horses for Sale
I V. BUTTOX will sell at PUBLIC AUC-
TION SEVENTY-FIVE HORSES, broken and
unbroken, weighing from 100O to 1500 pounds.
This Is the fourth, and last consignment of
the double square Horses which will b* sold
at auction this 1 season and axe the best all-
purpose horsea «ver offered for sal* oa t&ls
market. • _____
Sal* Takes Place -
TUESDAY. Not. 23. at 11 a. m., «i
J. B. KORAN'S 8ALETARD.
CORNER TENTH and BRYANT STS.
Horsea can be seen at yards from Saturday
uctll day of sale. '
£» 20 HEAD OF £»
Thoroughbred Yearlings
—FROM—
ANTRIM STOCK PARM
Property of Charles Kerr, Esq.,
CON8ISTINO OF SONS AND DAUGHTERS
OF IMPORTED KISMET AND HERAliD. .
The Grandest Looking and Best Bred ! Coa-
¦igned from This Famous Farm.
To be sold at Public Auction Without Reserve.
TUESDAY EVENING.. THE 22D NOV.. MO4,
Beginning at 7:43 o'clock sharp.
Occidental Horse Exchange
246 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.*
Catalogues ready. Horses at salesyard Satur-
day, 1&U> November.
JAMES MAGRANE. Auctioneer.
£a £f* j£&
AT AUCTION
ON FBXSAT. NOVXMBEB 33.
•At 11 o'clock at
XXTTSSXrATIOXTAI. BOBSS 2ZABXXCT.
Twelfth and Harrison streets. .
By order of C. R SUGGETT. I will sell 50
head of CHOICE RANGE HORSES, broken
and unbroken, from 9 to 12. '
If you want horses • don't fall to attend
this sale. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
Sale, rain or shine.
*\_^ By order of J. KRCAGEX of Modoo Co-
>-^ I will sell AT AUCTION 1 car of
GOOD GENTLE HORSES, 1 fast road and 1
fine saddle horse. Nov. 22. 11 a, m.. at 114O
FOLSOM ST. : also a choice line of WAGON3
and BUGGIES. . '
£» £=5V 5^
AUCTION SALE. WEDJTESDAT. Mot. 23. at
11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327
SIXTH ST.. I will sell SO HORSES, aa fine *
lot aa ever offered for sale.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Aqctioncw.SUPERIOR JUDGE WHO HAS DE
LIVERED A KNOCKOUT BLOW
TO BOYCOTTING.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
sent a communication to the Board of
Supervisors declaring the following
public work, the expense of which is to
be paid by the city, to be expedient and
asking for authority to do the work,
appropriations therefor having been
made in the budget:
Improvement of^San Jose avenue,
$2000; San Bruno avenue, $5000; Corbett
avenue, $2000; streets and sidewalks
surrounding Alamo Square. $2750; im
provement of View avenue, $500; mac
adamizing Ocean avenue, $2500; mac
adamizing Point Lobos avenue, $2000;
safety station at Market and Powell
streets, -$750: oil plants at City Hall
and Hall of Justice, $2400; purchase
and erection of street signs, $1500.
The Board of Public Works also
asked for authority to construct an
isolation hospital on Thirty-seventh
avenue south.
The ordinances ordering the paving
of.H street, from Seventh to Twen
tieth avenues, and the abolishing of
sidewalks on the northerly side of Ful
ton street, from Seventh to Twentieth
avenues, and the repavlng and widen
ing of Fourth street, from Market to
Howard, were finally passed.
The ordinance prohibiting the dis
tribution of circulars or handbills con
taining obscene literature was finally
passed.
BILLS FINALLY PASSED.
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Granting the Southern Pacific Com
pany a permit to maintain a 15,000-bar
rel oil tank on Kentucky street, near
Sixteenth. .¦-.vV!
Ordering the construction of a drive
way, fence and bituminous rock pave
ment at the warehouse of the Depart
ment of Elections.
Granting the Bay Shore "Water Com
pany a permit to erect a 12,000-gallon
oil tank on the Rels tract, near the
six-mile house, i
. Prescribing a form of receipt for em
ployment offices «o that the fee will be
returned In the event that the applicant
fails to receive employment.
Accepting a deed from the Pope es
tate to lands for the opening of Shrad
er and Cole street, between Grattan
street and Alma avenue, i
Ordering street work on Eleventh av
enue, between K and M streets.
Changing and establishing grades at
certain points on Seventh, Mississippi.
Seventeenth, Marlposa and contiguous
streets.
The ordinances submitted by the
Merchants'. Association regulating the
safety of sidewalk elevators and the
openings therefor were finally passed.
The ordinance providing sanitary
regulations for barber shops was re
referred to the health committee upon
the petition of some of the barbers.
The board ordered the return of ad
ditional taxes' paid under protest for
schools and a hospital to a number of
taxpayers who-^iad obtained judgments
against the city fur the same.
The ordinance prohibiting the deposit
of oil drippings on the streets from au
tomobiles was passed to print.
The claim of J. E. Sullivan for dam
ages sustained by falling into a trench
on Valencia street was denied.
WIDRER DEEDS PROPERTY.
George Keane. the Mayor's secretary,
Informed the committee that A. J. Wid
ber. the defaulting ex-City Treasurer,
had executed a deed to his Castro
street property to a third party who
was collecting the rents. The commit
tee thereupon directed the City Attor
ney to take steps to secure the rents on
behalf of the city to help make up
Widber's shortage of $116,000, of which
$100,000 was made good by a surety
company. The city has a Sheriffs' cer
tificate of sale upon a, Judgment ob
tained against Widber for the Castro
street property, but has never collect
ed the rents thereon.
A GRATEFUL PRINCE.— United States
6*cret Sen-Ice Acent Harry Moffitt returned
yesterday from Washington. D. C. to which
city he had gone as bodyguard of Prince
Kushiml. The Prince presented him with a
valuable r-earl scarfpln.
Plfto'a Cure for Conanxnption Is an
effectual remedy for coughs and colds. 25c. •
TVIUL. OF LAUNDRESS.— Thomas Lacoste
has petitioned for the admission to probate of
the will of Catherine Largrave, the laundress,
who died November 15, leaving an estate
worth about $15,000. The will was made In
l£03. It. names Lacoste as sole executor and
leaves all the property to him in trust the
income to be paid to her husband. Gabriel
I^arKrave. until his death, when the estate is
to be divided among her three brothers In
France.
Grand radium exhibition. Central Hall
packed to-nijrht at 8 o'clock. 1023 Market
street, near Sixth. Admission free. Come.*
SNOW MUST MAKE RESTITUTION — Th«
Supreme Court decided yesterday that Roland
TV. Snow must return to the city of Oakland
the sum of $1868 32 which he collected while
acting as Auditor and Assessor of the- munic
ipality and retained on the ground that he
was entitled to It as commission on certain
p* nonal tax collections.
Swell catalocuea are a habit with Edward
Knowles Company. 24 Second St.. nr. Market. •
WEATHER PROPHET RETURXS.-Pro
fessor Alexander McAdie of the Weather Bu
rear returned yesterday from th« Irrigation
congress at El Paso. H«, states that 1^*2
sion was highly Interesting and Instructive.
With a trunk or a grip? If so. select
from our carload stocks at our carload
prices. All leather goods, including la
dies' pocketbooks. cameras and card
cases, lettered In gold free of charge.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market stT •
Off for a Trip?
The League of the Cross Cadets are
busy rehearsing their Thanksgiving
presentation of "Shenandoah." The
battle scene, which won great ap
plause at the first production, will be
repeated on a more elaborate scale on
Thanksgiving. The regimental band
will give a grand concert and play ap
propriate music.
Will Present "Shenanrtoah."
HIGHTON SUIT MOVED.— H. H Pearson
the defendant in the suit for $20.CCO attorney's
fees brought by I* H. Hlghtoa. yesterday ae"
cured from Judge Graham an onler removing
the casa to the United States Circuit Court
I earson made an affidavit that he was a
resident of Pennsylvania. HIghton"* claim la
on an assignment from Henry Highton "now
of Honolulu, who successfully defended Pear
son against a murder charge In Utah some
years aco.
FORTUNE FOR YOUNG MAN.— Hugh J.
Burns, who attained his majority August 12.
•will soon receive $61,720 from the estate of
his mother, M. K. C. Burns, which has been
held in trust for him, under terms of the will,
by Charles F. Hanlon. Hanlon filed his ac
count of the trusteeship yesterday.
Another factor which has a bearing
on the Hussian-Japanese war is that
Imports of- curios and other merchan
dise, the product of Japan, are more
than usually heavy at present. But
most surprising is the fact that these
Japanese goods are being offered for
spot gold at a discount of 50 per cent
off the regular quotations. The explan
ation of this is that Japanese mer
chants and manufacturers at home de
sire to turn their products into gold
with as little delay as possible that
they may be enabled to assist their
Government, by purchasing war bonds.
For the first time in the history of
this port the big. Appraiser's building
has been found too small to contain all
the dutiable goods that must be hand
led by the customs department. The
customs officials are required by law
to take to the Appraiser's store 10 per I
cent of all the dutiable goods of each
cargo that arrives. Work was practi
cally brought to a standstill yesterday
in that department, because from floor
to garret dutiable goods are piled up
bo closely that it is hardly possible to
walk between the piles. : The wharves
are groaning beneath their burden, and
the United States drayman cannot
handle the goods.
In i «2w of the congestion Collector
Stratton has given orders to the Ap
praiser's force to work overtime, and
has promised to appoint as many ad
ditional samplers, weighers and exam
iners as may be necessary to break the
blockade. He also issued an order that
an extra building be engaged for a
branch of the Appraiser's stores, so
that the work may be still further ex
pedited. He expects to have a large
building engaged within two or three
days.
The rapidly increasing trade with the
Orient is given as a reason for the un
expectedly large inrush of dutiable
merchandise from that part of the
world. Those mammc-th freight car
riers the Algoa, Manchuria, Korea and \
others, .whose capacity is from 12,000 to
16,000 tons each, have made a great
difference in the trade. Vessels of i
smaller ca pacify • are arriving fully
loaded and adding to the difficulties'
of the custom-house problem. ;
CITY TO MAKE
IMPROVEMENTS
Judge Kerrigan yesterday signed a
decree of partial distribution of the
estate of George Goodman, the late
artificial ' stone contractor, and the
heirs will receive about $35,000 In
cash and the shares of the George
Goodman Artificial Stone Company.
The largest amount will go to Kate
Menasses, who receives $10,000 In
cash, 2000 shares of the Kennedy M,in
lng_and Milling Company and a three
acre lot in Alameda County. John
Faubel gets S3000 in cash and 18,295
shares of the stone company stock.
The other heirs are awarded from
$500 to $5000 each.
Goodman Heirs Get Money.
A round-trip rate of 94 will te made by
the Southern Pacific to Hotel D«l Monte, tick
ets rood going Wednesday and Thursday, No
vember 23-24. and returning Friday. November
2.V Golden weather makea Dei Monte ex
ceptionally beautiful at this season. Golf au
tcmobillng, riding, driving and all outdoor
recreations. Through parlor car on 3 o m!
train. Tickets at Third and Townsend street,
depot and 613 Market street street.
Thanksgiving T>ay at Bel Monte.
Judge S. A. Lowell is a prominent
lawyer and public speaker of Pendle
ton.
Thomas Richardson is secretary of
the National Irrigation Congress and
manager of the Portland Commercial
Club. He Is also laboring with Rufus
P. Jennings of this city over prelim
inary arrangements for the Trans-
Mississippi Commercial Congress,
which is to be held' in Portland im
mediately after the National Irriga
tion Congress. )
E. M. Brannick is president of the
Oregon Irrigation Association and will
have charge of arrangements for the
holding of next year's convention.
A. King Wilson is secretary of the
Oregon Irrigation Association and ex
ecutive committeeman for the nation
al body. *
A. H. Devers is one of Portland's
leading manufacturers.
. The Oregon delegation to the Na
tional Irrigation Congress at El Paso
arrived in San Francisco yesterday
morning highly elated over having
won the 1905 convention for Portland.
The members of the party are enthus
iastic over what has been accom
plished at this year's meeting and all
are delighted over the election of Gov
ernor Pardee to the office of president
of the congress. The delegation is
composed of men who have attained
great prominence in their own State
and who are widely known in the
country at large.
E. L. Smith is president of both the
Oregon development League and the
Oregon Horticultural Association. He
was chosen one of the vice presidents
of the Irrigation Congress.
J. M. Williamson is a great property
owner of Prlneville. -*, -
CUSTOM-HOUSE
IS BLOCKADED
It is alleged by the San Francisco
company that the Mutual is laying its
conduit on top of and in close con
tact with the plaintiffs eight-Inch iron
pas main. It Is contended that on ac
count of the proximity and the defec
tive insulation of the box the electro
lytic effect on the metal pipe will be
increased and leaks will be caused. The
leaking gas, it is claimed, will be sub
ject to ignition from the highly charged
electric wires and this combination,
when mixed with air, will create a
dangerous explosive.
Besides the danger to the life and
property of the general public, it is set
forth that the nearness of the electric
vires will make it risky for the em
ployes of the gas company to attempt
to repair the main. A further difficulty
If mentioned in the purpose of the Mu
tual company to make at least two ex
cavations in every block, seven by five
feet and Fix feet deep, surrounded by
brick walls and covered with Iron.
These are to permit the new company
to distribute its wires, but, according
to the complaint will prevent t)»* plain
tiff from having access to Its mains
\nithout workinsr^through the wall and
a mass of wires carrying heavy cur
rents.
The Mutual company Is constructing
a power-house at Folsom and Spear
Ftreets and has laid its conduit along
Spear to Market and on Market as far
as Sansome. Excavations are being:
made west on Market. The conduit
is of wood, about a foot square, con
taining eleven compartments for wires
ar-d covered with tar or creosote.
According to the allegations in a suit
for injunction filed yesterday by the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, its rival, the Mutual Electric
Lighting Company, is engaged in lay
in? conduits in Market street that may
prove a menace to life ar*" property.
The plaintiff company asks for a per
petual injunction and an order re
straining the work pending the litiga
tion.
SAYS CONDUIT
MENACES LIFE
GAIN VICTORY
FOR PORTLAND
Murine cures Eyes. Makes weak Eyes
strong. Doesn't smart; soothes Eye pain.*
cotted, did he so elect. Instead of appealing
to the law, he would be Justified by a Jury
under his constitutional right of self-defense.
It Is the opinion of the court that no man
or woman, " or any number of either, may
promenade before the place of business of
plaintiff, or any other person, bearing any
sign, placard, transparency, or written or
printed notice of any kind whatever, reflect
ing on the honesty,- or integrity, or fairness,
of the business itself, or the proprietors
thereof. ¦ , ,v
The demurrer Is overruled, with leave to
answer within ten days, the motion to dis
solve the restraining order is denied, and the
motion to modify the same is also denied.
J. C. B. HEBBARD. Judge.
November 21, 1901.
In the case of Delz vs. Wtnf ree, 26 Am. St.
Reports, page 75S, and In Walker vs. Cronln,
107 Mass., 5C2. the court says: "Every one
has a right to enjoy the fruits and advantages
of his own enterprise, industry, skill and
credit He has no right to be protected against
competition, but he hae a right to be free
from malicious and wanton interference, dis
turbance, or annoyance."
It la very evident that the acts of de
fendants were intended to inflict injury upon
the business of the plaintiff. It was a , de
mand that the plaintiff surrender Its rights to
manage Its own business In Us own way n»
its own Judgment might dictate, and because
It refused to surrender those rights the de
fendants endeavored to retaliate. There are
not and there cannot be, any authorities to
sustain, the. defendants' contention. Ther«» Is
no law, human, , or divine. • to uphold their ar
gument. To , proclaim a business, or the pro
prietors thereof, "unfair" in this manner Is
as lnfamouB as to proclaim before a private
dwellftiK that the Inmates thereof are prostl-
Tbe acts complained of are breaches of the
peace, and.it Is sale , to say that If met. by
•w»r*oniU violence on the part of the one boy-
In State vs. Glldden, 3 Am. St. Reports,
page 20, the court says: "It seems strange
that In this day, and in this free country, a
country In which law Interferes so little with
the liberties of the individual, it should be
necessary to announce from, the bench that
every man may carry on his business as he
pleases, may do what he will with his own.
to long as he does nothing unlawful and
acts with due regard to the rights of others,
and that the occasion for such an announce
ment should be, not an attempt by govern
ment to Interfere with the rights of the citi
zen, nor by the rich and powerful to sup
press the poor, but an attempt by a large
body of workmen to control by means, little
If any better than by force, the action of em
ployers." *
FRUITS OF ENTERPRISE.*
The argument of the defendants Is. briefly,
that a court of equity has no Jurisdiction to en
tertain the case; that the acts complained or
come within the criminal department of the
court- In other words, the question Is: Can an
action In boycott be properly made the subject
of a civil action under the law of this State?
It appears from the complaint that It would
be almost Impossible to ascertain in an action
at law the amount of damage caused the plain
tiff by the acts of defendants, but, conceding
that it would be possible to ascertain a definite
amount. It appears from the complaint that it
would be impossible to collect any Judgment
rendered . for the same. If this be so, then
plaintiff has no spf-edy or adequate remedy at
law. and <>quity will step In to protect the
lights of the parties, for the maxim of Juris
prudence that "for every wrong there Is a
remedy" ought not to be considered a fiction.
Plaintiff simply asks for the protection and
preservation of property which by Its Bklll ana
Industry It has accumulated and now holds.
There Is guaranteed to every citizen, by the
constitution of the United States and the con
stitution of the State of California, the right to
life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, the
language of the constitution of the State of
California, article 1, section 1, being: "All men
are l>y nature free and Independent, and have
certain inalienable rights, among which are
those of enjoying and defending life and lib
erty, the acquiring, possessing and protecting
prop'erty, and pursuing . and obtaining safety
and happiness."
In ex pane Debs, 158 U. S., 591. the United
States Supreme Court says: "When there is
an Interference, actual or threatened, with
property rights of a pecuniary nature, the
Jurisdiction of equity arises, and Is not de
stroyed by the fact that such acts are accom
panied by or are themselves violations of a
criminal law." The court held that the organ
ization or co-operation of worklngmen is not of
Itself against the public policy, but If the pur
pose of an organization or combination of
worklngmen is to hamper or restrict the free
dom of the citizen in pursuit of his lawful
trade or calling, and through contracts or ar
rangements with employes to coerce other
¦worklngmen to become members of the organ
ization and to come under its rules and condi
tions under the penalty of the less of their po-
Rltlons and deprivation of employment, such
purpose is against public policy and Is unlaw
ful. _ " "
DEFENDANTS' ARGUMENT.
This action Is broucht to obtain a per
petual Injunction against defendants. The
gist of the action as stated In the complaint
is that on or about the 3d day of October,
10(4. the said defendants entered into a com
bination, confederation and conspiracy for
the purpose of coercing plaintiff to subject
the control of ite business to the said Sta
blemen's Union. Local No. S7C0. and the
members thereof, by inaugurating and de
claring a boycott on the business of said
Plaintiff and. thereupon, and on the 3d day
of October, 1904, in pursuance of ,said un
lawful combination, confederation and con
spiracy, placed, and continued to place, rep
resentatives, or pickets, in f-"nt of the places
of business of plaintiff, carrying placards, or
transparences, which are false in fact, bear
ing the words and figures as follows, to wit:
"Unfair firm; reduced wages of employes nrty
cents per day. Please don't patronize"; that
these acts iof defendants have Impeded, and
will impede, the plaintiff In the conduct and
transaction of Its aforesaid business, and has
interfered, and will interfere, with th« em
ployes, not members of said union, employed
by gald plaintiff; and that said actions of
defendants are for the purpose of intimidating
patrons and customers of plaintiff who may
desire or attempt to do business with said
plaintiff and that many patrons and custom
ers of said plaintiff have been, and now are,
frightened and intimidated from entering the
places of business of plaintiff, and the plain
tiff prays that the said defendants, their agents,
attorneys and servants, be perpetually re
mained and enjoined from the performance of
the said acts, and. each of the acts hereinto
before complained of, and from in any inan
ner Interfering with plaintiff In the conduct
of its business, and restraining and enjoining
the defendants, and each and all of them,, from
causing any person or persons, any agent or
agents any representative or representatives,
any picket or pickets, to be stationed in front
of. or in the neighborhood of. the said places
of business of plaintiff, or from otherwise, at
any time or times, molesting:, harassing, annoy
ing, threatening, Intimidating, or Interfering,
with any person or persons transacting busi
ness with plaintiff, and for such other and
further and different relief. Including costs,
as to the court may seem Just. Upon the flung
of this complaint and an undertaking, an or
der to show cause Issued, also a preliminary
restraining order. In the language of the
prayer of the complaint. ¦ .' '
The matters now submitted to the court are
purely those of law, to wit: a motion to dis
solve the restraining order, an order to *j}ovr
cause why the same should not be modified,
and a demurrer to the complaint.
The court's opinion is contained In a
written ruling upon three law motions
in the case of Ooldberg, Bowen & Co.
against the Stablemen's Union. The
firm was subjected to a boycott be
cause of differences with the union
over a question of wages. It sued for
a perpetual Injunction, and a tem
porary restraining order was granted.
Judge Hebbard denied a motion to
modify the order, a motion to dis
solve it and a demurrer to the com
plaint, all of which were based upon
the union's contention that it had a
right to picket, to boycott and to in
terfere with business and employes un
der a construction of the law permit
ting injury without damages.
Judge Hebbard's view of the ques
tion is preceded by liberal quotations
from the rulings of the United States
Supreme Court. The motions were
submitted to him on briefs, the plain
tiff being represented by Bush Fen
nell, attorney for the Citizens'
Alliance.
Following is the opinion
CAUSE OF ACTION.
In language stronger than any yet
uttered from a Western bench Judge
Hebbard yesterday discouraged the
labor union practice of boycotting. He
declared that the one boycotted would
be justified in meeting the acts with
personal violence under the right to
eelf-defense.
Strong Language of
Court is Used in
Opinion.
Manager Agler of the Southern Pa- j
clflc Company stated last evening that 1
there was no doubt In his mind that the
plates on the rails had been purposely j
removed to wreck the Owl, for it would
have been hardly possible for outsiders i
to .know that a freight train was to j
pass over the spot owing to the fact
that the latter had been made up at a
late hour and was not traveling on a '
regular schedule. Several attempts !
have lately been made to' wreck the j
Owl, most recently near Martinez and j
Salida, and it would not surprise the \
railroad officials if an Investigation j
should reveal the fact that the same |
persons had been Implicated in all the !
plots. It Is the opinion of Manager Ag
ler that some crank with an imaginary
grievance against the company is try
ing to wreck its trains.
ortunately the freight train pre
ceded the Owl by an hour, and when '
the engine and cars of the former went ;
off the rails a brakeman was sent to |
the rear to set a dariger signal and ;
warn the regular passenger train. It Is I
admitted by the railroad officials In this
city that had the Owl train gone over
the dislodged rails a serious wreck
would have resulted and probably many
lives would have been lost. / r
A dastardly attempt was made Sun- ;
day night to wreck the south-bound !
Owl train near Goshen, and although
the plans of the wreckers failed and j
many lives were probably saved, a !
freight train was derailed and the .
Southern Pacific Company was put to
considerable expense to clear its tracks
and repair the damage done. Shortly
before 11 o'clock Sunday night a freight
train on its way south went oft the \
Qrails a mile south of Goshen unction. |
The engine anfl nine cars were derailed.
A hurried investigation brought to
light the fact that the angle plates had ¦
been unfastened from .the rails and the j
ends of the latter displaced. Not satis
fied with this work, the persons who re
moved the plates placed a fishplate be
tween the end of the dislodged rails, so
as to doubly insure the derailment of j
the fast train. |
Derailment of Freight En-]
gine and Cars Leads to.
a Startling Discovery [
KAIL PLATES EEM0VED
Breaches of Peace
That Justify Vio
lence.
Declares Infamous
ize the Lives of Pas
sengers Near Goshen Fails
Dastardly Plot to Jeopard-
JUDGE HEBBARO DEALS
BLOW TO UNION BOYCOTT
TRY TO WRECK
THE OWL TRAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1904.
16
The World's Greatest
Skin Humour.
Affects Every Age and
Condition.
The Only Sure Cure is
Cuticura.
- ' ; -\ ¦
If there vrere not another external
ikln disease known, eczema would be a
sufficient infliction on mankind. It per-
vades all classes, and descends impar-
tially through generations. While some
are constantly enveloped in it, others
have it conQned to small patches in the
ears, on the acalp, on the breast, on tho
palms of the hands, on the limbs, etc.,
but everywhere Its distinctive feature Is
a small watery blister, which discharges
an acrid fluid, causing heat, inflamma-
tion, and intense itching, scaling and
crusting. ;
The Cuttcura treatment Is at once
agreeable, speedy, economical and com-
prehensive. Bathe the affected parts
freely with hot water/ and Cuticura
Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts
and scales, and soften the thickened
cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing,
and apply Cuticura Ointment to allay
itching, Irritation and inflammation,
and soothe and heal, and, lastly, take
Cuticura Resolvent, or Pills, to cool and
cleanse the blood. This treatment af-
fords instant relief, permits rest and
sleep in the severest forms of eczema
and other itchinjr, bnrnlng and. scaly
humours, and points to a speedy, per-
manent and economical cure of tor-
taring, dl8flpnrinff humours, eczemas,
rashes and inflnmmations, from Infancy
to age, when all other remedies and the
best physicians fail.
8O0M throughout the world. Cufleurm Racotnnt, C0o. s
n form of Chocolate Cottcrt Pitla. Me. per Till of HO).
tntmtnt, Hie.. 8osp. 2.1c. Depot* ¦ ' London. S7 Charter-
hoow Hq. j p»rii, 5 Roe df U Ptix; Boatos. 137 Columbus
A»«. Pott»r Drue * Chem. Corp.. Sole Proprietors.
ar-hend for ". How to Cura Eczema." • -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j ___ _
1 Oriental Goods I
I At Wholesale Prices |
I We Offer Our Entire Eitra Fine |
I Collection of §
I ORIENTAL RUGS j
I AND CURTAINSi
I 25% DISCOUNT I
g From Regular Retail Prices S
8 We are Sole Agents for John '§
% Crossley a Son's Celebrated
V English Carpets.' p
1 ChasJ.Plnm&Co. |
I : Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. $
ceoegc»»so6oaac^aBoeiKosiaosgg
TURKEY! TURKEY!
TURKEY!
Fine Pat California Xnrkejr.'perH>.2r?Vic
Order early and Insure prompt delivery.
Cranberries, Very Bert Capo Cod. oei
Quart lil^c
'lines ZXeat. Home-made, per Ib lOc
! Table Raisins, per Ib 1 Of
coaQMirr.
110 rOUSTH STSSST. - '
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.. X
Fine Stock of Old and New Violins.
$ 1 6.50 Value — Special i==
fUp to date in every particular.
Every size in plain and figured Taf-
fetas of an excellent quality. Black,
brown, green, blue and gray figured.
Be sure to see these
Reg, $22.50 and 825 Tailored Suits
In black, brown, blue and mixed ma-
terials. Sample garments in the
newest styles, all sizes, fit Ci^.50
SPECIALS IN RAIN COATS— A SHIRT WAIST SPECIAL—
¦Just received a choice lot. which A $2.50 waist at almost half price;
we offer at unmatchable prices. of albatross, Scotch shirtincr flan-
Fine quality cravenette and in the nels, all-wool plain flannels and
newest styles — gray, tan, olive and alpaca; all shades and sizes; a
brown: , great value; each $l»7Zi-
Worth $15.00. Sale price. 911. oO ¦ |
Worth $16.50. Sale P"ce.|12.5O RAINY DAY SKIRTS— Worth
Worth $20.00. Sale P"ce.gl4.oO kilted and pleated styles, in
Worth. $25.00. Sale price. JflU.oO m i XC( j an d plain colors. Fine for
Don't fail to see these coats. hard usage; each $2.05
Handkerchiefs ni Mufflers Reductions in Beddings
LADIES' INITIAL HAND- „„„--«,
KERCHIEFS— One of the great- DOUBLE BED SHEETS— 65c
est values we ever offered; 6 in kind; bleached muslin; soft finish;
box; hem, embroidered while they last, each 55c
initial" and a 75c value. Box of 6
to-day and to-morrow 50c PILL OW CASES — .16x4^ in.;
HAND EMBROIDERED JJS"! VaIUC 2?" * ""? -"^
SILK MUFFLERS— Extra heavy
imported Swiss surah; beautifully
embroidered with holly berries. EXTRA LARGE BED
forget-me-nots, buttercups, etc.; all SPREADS — Heavy honeycomb,
hand work; 24 in. long, 2 in. hem. Marseilles patterns. Regular $2.00.
Special this week, each $ 2 « 4 *"» Special, each 91.4S
O — O
FREE EMBROIDERY LESSONS AND FREE STAMPING j
— To accommodate our maoy patrons we have decided to add two
more days for free embroidery lessons. Lessons will be given as
* follows: j
Tuesday and Friday, o a. m. to 12 m. Wednesday and Thurs-
day, I p. m. to 4 p. m. Our stoclc of embroidery materials,
woolen and yarns, silk. Battenberg braids, silk cords and Batten-
berg patterns is now complete.
O- O
8:30 Until Noon.'
There Will Be Something Doing at Pragers
Thereafter Until Closing Hour the Usual Shopping Induce-
ments Will Be Given.
Thanksgiving Bargains in Untrimmed Shapes—
Trimmed Free
(Second Floor)
(Fk. (ffil Every one of these shapes — and B33 £%i
I H I there are hundreds of them— have B H g O±
}j^ S- uH sold for $2.50 and S2.00 each, so that Q B
|B ' H our offer is wonderful when you con- B . II,
IB BL ttJ cider the values. There are a great g %jr
\^y X& W number of different styles — dress, tur-
bans, torpedo turDans, continentals, large flaring shapes, sailors and
fancy shapes. The colors are black, navy, brown, castor and cham-
pagne. All are grouped into two prices. You have your choice
of any.
With this sale of shapes we have reduced a large number of
fine haeckle breasts, wings, etc., to 29c and 39c.
These trimmings will be placed on the shapes absolutely free.
Kitchen Utensils Special for the Thanksgiving Dinner
(Third Floor)
We have anticipated the nteds of housekeepers who have found
at the last minute that some necessary article for the preparation of
the Thanksgiving dinner has been forgotten. The prices arc ex-
ceptionally low.
rood Cnopper — Universal Q2/* S>^_
Food Chopper. Regularly sold JJ\J X^"*"?>^
at $1.75. Our price *-
Carrtmr Set— Genuine make "George *e&g~£?ffi^^^^_
Wostenholm & Sons/" Sheffield. Eng-
larvd Guaranteed razor stool. There is f^ -5*L
only a limited quantity, and as it is a ' «' ir *u^*""« - . 3>
great value early shoppers wm^W^ Thege setg >eU
£/V-.v- ¦• ; ; .,-,jw regularly for $2.00. Very special at >1.1V
'.l^.-^ ¦ .---:->- j 11 a. •-
yg^^t" /L* Roasting pan — 11x15 Inches In size. It is
_£r%T. —M deep and well made. A Thanksgiving
' ¦•¦.'"/ epeclal to-day and Wednesday only at \\J\J
X (a 7 Special
Open ivji* auvays reliable j f° r
Friday ff MARKETsadONES STS^ J^ 5 "
--,--,-„.. ADVERTISEatEyTS.
An exquisite blending of pure chocolate ..
and milk. A treat in its goodness; a
satisfaction in its wholesomeness; a
/ all confectioner? and grocers*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-
IRISH i
MOSS
COUGH
BALSAM
¦¦ PRESCRIBED BT THE BEST
PHYSICIANS FOR
Concha. Colas. Hoarzcnees. Bron-
' chitls. Croup In Children, and j
All Threat and Ltuisr Trouble*
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the !
doctor says M COKSU2IPTXO2r." |
¦ , * -.'¦/:¦" - '.. ¦ i
&6c; 50c AT ALL DRUGGISTS I
CURES IN A DAY
r td t |