THE WEATHER.
Forecast mad« at Ban Francisco for
thirty hours, ending: midnight, Novem
ber 6:
Ban Francisco *n4 vicinity— Fair
Tuesiar: Hrht northeaet wlada.
A. G. MeADIE.
IMstrlet Forecaster.
MISS ETTA WARREN, FROM WHOM IT IS SOUGHT TO WREST
FORTUNE, IS A SPECTATOR AT TRIAL OF THE CONTEST
Witnesses Say Testatrix's Mother Was Insane
ATTACK ON DOLBEER WILL
BEGUN BEFORE JURY
• At Republican headquarters Chair
man Hanna confidently predicted a
majority for Roosevelt and the elec
tion of four Republican Congressmen.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 7. — Chairman
Vandiver of the Democratic Com
mittee to-night repeated his claim
that Maryland would go Democratic
by 15.000 majority and that the
Democrats certainly -would elect four,
and probably five, of the six Con
gressmen.
Election News Continued on Pace 2. 1
CINCINNATI. Ohio. Nov. 7.— The Re
publicans are confident that their or
ganization in Ohio will secure unusual
resulta, even exceeding pluralities in
what were previously called "the Mc-
Kinley years." While the Democrats
have no such organization as -their op
ponents, they claim that there has
been during the past two or three days
"a whirlwind in their favor" that justi
fies their expectation of a landslide
that might make the State close and
enable the Democrats to gain three or
four Ohio Congressmen. They say that
the vote has not been out so fully in
Even the Enormous McKlnley Plurali
ties May Be Exceeded.
OHIO PREDICTIONS.
. ST. PAUL. Minn., Nov. 7. — The
candidates of the Republican and
Democratic parties to-night made
their final appeals. Robert C. Dunn,
the Republican candidate . for Gov
ernor, spoke in Minneapolis as a
counter to Johnson. th*e Democratic
candidate. Henderson County is
claimed to be doubtful territory, with
the. odds in favor of the Democrats.
Dunn claims the State by 50,000.
Secretary Kean , of the Democratic
State Central Committee estimates
Johnson's plurality at 26,000. There
seems little doubt that the National
Republican ticket will be victorious.
Claims of Minnesota Nominees.
•
MARYLAND IN DOUBT.
The Legislature, which is to elect
a United States Senator, probably will
be so divided among the two Repub
lican factions and the Democrats that
none will have a majority.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 7. — It is gen
erally conceded that Roosevelt will
carry the State by 50.000. Chairman
Connor of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee claims that Governor
La Follette will have 75,000 plurality.
The Republicans claim six Congress
men, and that they have an even
chance of electing four others.
Democratic State Chairman War
den claims George W. Peck will be
elected by 25,000 plurality and that
the Democrats will control the Legis
lature. Warden claims five or six
Congressmen.
Both Parties Confidently Claiming'
Wisconsin Governorship.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7. — Senator Depew
closed the campaign to-night with an
address at the Abyssinian church. Sen
ator Depew said that in the Republican
party rested the hope of the negro. He
paid a high tribute to Booker T. Wash
ington.
"I have hardly met , his equal any
where, and I have met all the great
men of the world," he said. "No negro
in the United States can vote against
the Republican party unless he betrays
his race. You 'colored" men must vote
with the Republicans until the Demo
cratic States stop disfranchising your
race or until you can point at a Re
publican ' Legislature that is trying to
take away your voting franchise.".
Senator Pays High Tribute to Booker
• T. "Washington.
LA FOLLETTE OR PECK?
DEPEW TALKS TO NEGROES.
• In these districts the fight has been
waged desperately, but the Demo
crats claim to-night that they will
be victorious. The Democratic State
Committee expects a heavy Demo
cratic vote from the First, Second.
Fifth, Sixth and Seventh districts,
while the Republicans look to the
Tenth for a majority for Roosevelt,
so large as to carry the State.
Blue Grass State.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Nov. 7. — Repub
licans »nd Democrats agree that in
three Congressional districts of Ken
tucky the contest will be close. They
are the Third, Fifth and Ninth. In
the Third, J. M. Richardson, Demo
crat, is oppc-ed by William H. Jones.
Republican; in the Fifth Swager*
Sherley's opponent is W. C. Owens,
and in the Ninth J. M. Holt's adver
sary is J. V. Bennett.
Interesting? Congressional Contests la
THREE CLOSE DISTRICTS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— A letter writ
ten bv Miss Bertha M. Dolbeer while
in London to Dr. Homer Gibney of this
city, in which she said she was "enjoy
ing herself immensely," was read at to
day's taking of testimony for the con
test over Miss Dolbeer's will. Counsel
for the contestants objected to the ad
mission of the letter as evidence. The
examination will be continued to-mor
row. ' ; ¦¦¦:.-.¦ WS8S8BBB&BBK&
Tho opening statement ended, Mrs.
Millie Scott Biven of Oakland was
called as the first witness and she tes
tified as to- the insanity of Miss Dol
beer's mother and the fact that Mrs.
Dolbeer was afflicted with a peculiar
pain in the head, insomnia and mel
ancholia at the time of her daughter's
birth. The mother had been taken to
Stockton by her husband and later, on
her return home, procured a pistol and
shot herself dead. Bertha was two
years of age at that time.
The decree of distribution of the es
tate of John Dolbeer was Introduced in
evidence, showing that Miss Dolbeer
inherited property valued approximate
ly at $1,100,000.
Raymond H- Sherman- was next
called to pfove that his wife was out
of the State, having departed last
Thursday after a subpena had been
served on her by proponents. The con
testant was then allowed to read Mrs.
Sherman's deposition. The burden of
her testimony was that she had noticed
a great change in her cousin's condi
tion in her last year. Miss Dolbeer
was unusually listless, became very
thin and was* much depressed. Her
eyes were heavy and wholly without
animation, she "had little to say for
herself, looked sad," and "displayed no
feeling in taking leave to go to Eu
rope."
Mrs. Mary Ribbey, who answered
that she was employed as foster
mother for Bertha Dolbeer. in 1878 and
1879, told of the Insanity of Mrs. Dol
beer and of her suicide.
The trial will be resumed to-morrow.
vice of her physician, and the steward
esses of the trans-Atlantic steamships
she sailed on. Johnson said, would tes
tify that during the voyages she acted
strangely and talked irrationally. And
finally, after Miss Dolbeer, while suf
fering from aberration of mind, ended
her life by tragic suicide. Miss Warren
herself told the Coroner of New York
that her ward had been Insane for
some time, and to the detective detailed
to investigate the case made the state
ment that she had been apprehensive
that the derangement of mind would
l^ad Miss Dolbeer to take ner own life.
MOTHER SHOT HERSELF.
Mrs. J. L. Moody, an aunt of Miss
Dolbeer. Johnson proceeded, would tes
tify that on April 24. the day after the
will was made, the decedent was seized
with a paroxysm and uttered cries of
despair, that clearly indicated that the
mind was gone. It was plain that her
intellect was clouded, that her view of
life and things was distorted and that
she' was utterly incapable of executing
a will.
Mies Dolbeer then took the trip to
Europe, accompanied ¦ by | her constant
companion, Miss Warren, on - the ad-
The opening statement for the con
testant was made by Hiram Johnson,
who ft forth his case with clarity and
conciseness. He said the contestant
would show that Miss Dolbeer was of
unsound mind when she made a will
wherein the closest of her kin were not
mentioned and the greater part of the
estate she had inherited from her
father was bequeathed to Miss War
ren; to whom she was bound by no tie
of consanguinity. It would be proved,
he declared, that her insanity was
hereditary! for her mother had com
mitted suicide while insane and mem
bers of her father's family had. been
committed to asylums. Then the death
of Miss Dolbeer's brother, resulting
frcm a runaway accident, her father's
death and other circumstances of her
life had aided to bring on melancholia,
frcm which she was suffering in acute
form when she executed her testament
and wh?n she flung herself from the
window in the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel
in New York four months later. ¦
AFFLICTED AS WAS HER MOTHER
It would be proved, the attorney
continued, that Miss Dolbeer was suf
fering from a peculiar pain in the back
of the head, with a falling of the eyes,
insomnia and all the symptoms of mel
ancholia, such as her mother suffered
before her death. Early in the present
year it had become necessary to pre
scribe opiates for Miss Dolbeer that she
might sleep. She had become more and
more depressed, indifferent to the
world, absolutely indifferent to life,
grown thinner and thinner, a pallor set
tled on her countenance and melancho
lia, the most insidious form of insanity,
had developed in strong degree.
glances of the audience. Her refined
face told plainly of her recent illness.
Her nervousness was apparent and she
could not repress a few tears. She was
dressed in mourning, giving emphasis
to saddened though comely features.
The modest, shrinking woman seemed
far out of place as the center of the
war the lawyers were waging at the
bar with loud voice and many an angry
quip.
MISS WARREN* TIMID.
Miss Warren, lifelong companion of
Mies Dolbeer and chief beneficiary in
the testament; was in court yesterday,
U»e first time she has appeared since
the suit which seeks to deprive her of
about $850,000 was instituted. She was
accompanied by her nurse. Miss Alex
ander of New York, who came to San
Francisco with her when the remains
of Miss Dolbeer were brought across
the continent for interment. Seated
on the other Bide was a half-sister
MIsb Stuart, of this city. The experi
ence of coming to court was a new one
for Miss Warren and it was with dif
ficulty that the courtroom was found
among the dark corridors of the puz
zling City Hall.
Nor dii Miss Warren enjoy the
•chander's attorneys announced that
BOTT.e of their most important evidence
would be declarations by Miss Etta M.
Warren herself as to the insanity of
Miss Dolbeer, but when it came to the
reading of the deposition of a New
York detective who says they were
made to him, Judge Coffey refused to
admit the testimony.
One of the strongest witnesses for
the contestant, Mrs. Raymond H. Sher
man, who is a daughter of Mrs. J. L.
Moody, left last Thursday for the East,
but her testimony had been taken in a
deposition and this was read to the
Jury. Unlike Schander, who scarcely
ever held a conversation with Miss Dil
beer. and to whom th*» testatrix was
virtually a stranger, though he was h?r
ur.cle, Mrs. Sherman was on terms of
intimacy with her cousin and was in a
position to speak intelligently on her
condition at the time the will was ex
ecuted. But Mrs. Sherman's evidence
T.-as hardly of a strongly convincing
character. The most she could say was
that "a change came over Miss Dol
beer in the last year, she looked sad
and appeared indifferent to anybody or
anything or to life." The witness had
never seen any act or heard any^words
that v.ould firmly establish the fact of
an unbalanced mind.
The battle over the $1,000,000 estate
of Miss Bertha M. Dolb<?**r began in
earnest yesterday. The array of legal
talent at last settled down to the com
bat before jury and court and the at
tack on the •will by. Adolph Schander,
the uncle, who alleges that he was
Ignored because of his niece's unsound
ress of mind, opened with the vigor of
determined effort. There was formid
able resistance at every turn and in
large measure it was successful.
ETTA MARION* WARREN AS SHE APPEARED YESTERDAY* IX JUDGE COFFEY'S COURT.
HIGGINS MAY BE BEATEN.
While the market was thus strong
and buoyant and cocksure of Repub
lican success everywhere, a remark
able exhibition 'was given in the bet
ting. A large. portion of the specula
tive population seems to believe that
the State will be carried for Roosevelt
and an equally large portion' seems to
be » grounded in the conviction that
Higgins will run so far behind the
ticket that Judge Herrick will be
elected and that a situation will be
disclosed on election night similar to
that, of 1888, when Harrison, Repub
lican, carried the State for/President
and Hill, Democrat, was elected Gov
ernor, there being a difference of
32,000 between the head and tail of
the ticket.
Governor Odell made the closing
speech. of the campaign in New York
at a meeting early in the day to the
employes of the H. B. Claflin Company.
He took occasion to tell the story of
his connection with the government
and politics of the State. He defended
his own administration and the record
of Higgins and declared he would make
no effort' to control the conduct of Hig
gins as Governor.
" All' of the official claims and esti
mates of the two parties have been
made. It is understood that the Demo
cratic leaders here believe New York
City will give at least 140,000 for the
Democratic State ticket Governor
Odell is of the opinion that Higgins
will beat 140,000 up the State.
The Democratic managers are press
ing the charges. which they made that
the Republicans are colonizing voters
in the rural counties. Warrants have
been issued for suspects in Elmira. On
the other .hand the Republicans are
preparing, for a sensational raid on re
peaters in this city. They solemnly de
clared to-night that they had perfected
plans to prevent the casting of 10,000
illegal votes.
>side from the 'preparations for the
Election eve found both parties
claiming victory and an unexampled
divergence of opinion existed regard
ing the State of New York, which has
been the great battleground, of the
capvass and will continue to be until
the polls close. While the Democratic
managers profess to be equally con
fident as the Republican managers of
the State for their; national ticket, the
stock market failed to show a tremor
of uneasiness at a prospect of a change
in the national administration. The
business interests of the. country all
appear to regard the election of
Roosevelt as a foregone conclusion
and as a satisfactory outcome. The
market showed considerable advances
and great strength. This was more
marked than in 1900 and different
from the condition which prevailed In
1^96, when so much was at stake in
the business world in the East that
many persons desisted from trading
and waited with bated breath for the
announcement of the returns. The
market, however, has advanced before
each Presidential election for twenty
years.
NEW,: YORK, Nov. 7. — There ' is
every prospect of a tremendous vote
being cast at to-morrow's election in
all the States. The Herald estimates
that the total vote of New York City
alone probably will reach ' 653.000,
which are unprecedented figures. It
estimates that the vote throughout the
State of New York will in proportion
approach this flood-tide volume.
Evidences of breaking up were ap
parent to-day when members of the
various committees were observed
clearing out their desks of things that
had accumulated during the campaign.
It looked very much as if the end was
near at hand.
receipt, of the election returns, there
was little evidence of the close of the
political campaign, unless it. might be
found ;in the' absence of familiar faces
about, the national and State head
quarters and hotels. There was noth
ing that indicated any excitement or
undue interest, and. in fact, the politi
cal headquarters, both national and
State, showed little of the activity that
has been noticeable up to the end of
last week. Nothing that either cam
paign committee could do at this late
day, it was recognized, would affect the
result; and this accounted in part for
the quietude, it being well known that
the case had been closed and had gone
to the great American jury.
The extreme quiet of headquarters
was apparent also at the hotels — and
those haunts where politicians often
congregate to discuss the prospects of
the different candidates were- deserted
nearly all day by the men who are
most interested in the elections.
—Election returns will be received at
all the headquarters. Chairman Cor
telyou will go to Hempstead, Long
Island, to vote and upon his return will
remain at the committee room
throughout the evening.
Vice Chairman Nicoll, Chairman
Sheehan of the executive committee
and Secretary Woodson will receive the
returns at Democratic National Com
mittee headquarters.
Chairman Cord Meyer and other
Democratic State committeemen will
be at the Hoffman House. William
Barnes Jr. of the executive committee
will be- in charge at the Republican
rooms in. the Fifth Avenue Hotel. *"'?'-;
CHICAGO, Nov. 7. — Betting on the
result of the election was quite brisk
to-night in some of the downtown
hotels. The largest wager of the even
ing was made by a number of Board
of Trade men against James O'Leary,
a bookmaker, the brokers offering $50,
000 on Roosevelt against $7500 on Park
er. H. Dryer of New York made a bet
of $5000 to $1000 on Roosevelt. The name
of the taker of the Parker end could
not be learned. These were the largest
bets made during the evening, but
many small ones were made, the pre
vailing odds being on Roosevelt at 5
to 1. A number of wagers were made
on the result in New York at 2 to 1 that
it would go Republican on the vote for
President.
A good deal of money was put up in
$50 and $100 bets in Considine's place,
with odds on Roosevelt carrying the
State at 10 to 7. This was the price
wherever there was any betting in the
tenderloin. There was little Higgins
money in evidence, the odds on Herrick
being 10 to 6. Betting continued active
until the close and was attended by a
good deal of excitement.
A. G. Wood offered to wager $1000 to
$1200 that Roosevelt would not carry
New York, New Jersey and Connecti
cut. He could not find any takers. Late
this afternoon there was a great deal
of Parker money offering at 1 to 6, but
the Roosevelt backers were offering
only 5 to 1, although some small bets
were made at 6 to 1.
Up town little money was wagered.
Old-timers declared on Broadway and
Sixth avenue that a duller election was
never remembered.
Money was freely offered at odds of 2
to 1 that Roosevelt would carry the
State, while the betting on the Gov
ernorship result opened at 2 to 1 ' on
Herrlck, bets of varying amounts be
ing closed later at odds ranging from
4 to 10 to 6 to 10 on Herrick.
It is estimated that J5.000.000 has been
placed on deposit by bettors. One trust
company holds $2,500,000. One big bet
was closed before noon at odds of 6*4
to 1. The $5000 Roosevelt money in this
bet was offered by Frederick H. Brooks.
It was covered by Sheffield & McCul
lough, who put up $S0O on Parker.
The betting ring in the curb market
was an exciting place to-day, as out
side brokers deserted business in stocks
to get down, as far as they were able,
belated wagers.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— Excepting at
jthe longest of odds — odds that have
never before been witnessed in' Presi
dential betting in Wall street— no Park
er funds were forthcoming in to-day's
closing betting on the campaign. The
length of the odds, however, tempted
some bettors to try "long shots" upon
the Democratic candidate.
The Socialists have held more meet
ings in Ohio than all other parties com
bined, but their efforts have been con
fined to the larger cities and will not
affect doubtful Congressional districts,
notably the Third, Twelfth and Fif
teenth. As the larger cities in Ohio,
with possibly two exceptions, are Re
publican strongholds, there may be
some ground for the claim that the So
cialistic agitation will affect the Re
publicans more than the Democrats.
While other localities are lacking in
interest, the contests in the Third.
Twelfth and Fifteenth Congressional
districts, and in Cleveland, on the
county ticket, are among the most ani
mated ever known in the State.
years as they expect It to be to-mor
row. The Democrats also say they wllr
be benefited by the reduction of the
Populist vote and the increase of the
Socialist vote. They estimate that the
former Socialist vote of 13,500 will be
more than doubled and come largely
from Republican workingmen.
Special DIf patch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Belief That To-Day's Election Is Only a
Formality Is Reflected in Wall Street,
Where the Flurry Usual on the Eve of
a Contest for the Presidency Is Lacking
Fwo-to-One Is the Prevailing Quotation on
His Chance for Carrying New York
State, but Big Speculators. Concede
the Governorship to the Democrats
FINE WEATHER IS PROMISED
AND TREMENDOUS VOTE WILL
BE CAST IN ALL THE STATE
HOOSETELT A SIX-TO-ONE
FAVORITE IN THE BETTING
ON THE NATIONAL RESULT
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.- Final estimates received from Republican National and State headquarters
to-night were more optimistic than any that have heretofore reached the President. The party man
agers are confident that Roosevelt will sweep the entire North, and that he will receive a record
breaking popular vote. Not a single State outside of the South is conceded to Parker. The one obstacle to
Republican success — the danger of over confidence — has been removed by the energetic efforts of the cam
paign committees in the past few days, and the full strength of the party will be voted at the polls. It is no
longer feared that control of the House of Representatives will be lost; in fact, the Republican majority in the
House may be increased. On. the. eve of the election all indications point to a Republican "landslide."
Republicans Will Have Good Working Majority in House
Final Estimates Give Parker No Electoral Dele
gates Except Those of the South.
ROOSEVELT WILL CARRY THE SOLID NORTH
WITH A RECORD BREAKING POPULAR VOTE
THE THEATERS.
;
ALCAZAR— "Prine* Karl."
CALIFORNIA — "Sweet Clover." *. |
CENTRAL— "Her Marriage Vow."
COLUMBIA — "Th« County Chairman."
CHUTES — VailCevllle.
FISCHER'S — Vaudeville.
GRAND— "Pretty Peggy."
MAJESTIC— "An American Citizen."
ORPHEVM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLJ— ••Th« Messenger Boy."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, - NOVEMBER S, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 161.
The San Francisco CallDES AIOINES, Iowa, Nov. 7.-r-Iowa
Republicans are increasing their esti
mate of Roosevelt's plurality Jn this
State, instead of cutting U down on
the eve of election day. Chairman R.
H. Spence of the Republican State
Committee to-day declared the Re
publican ticket would have a, plurality
of at least 125,000, instead of 115,000,
as has been estimated. The Demo
crats still insist that the plurality will
not be more than 60,000-
What Iowa Will Do to Parker.
Democrats Predict the Gain of a
United States Senator.
PARKERSBURO, W. Va., NOY.,7.—
The campaign closed to-night with
both sides confident as to • West Vir
ginia. " The Republicans claim all five
Congressmen and. the Legislature,
while the Democrats say they will elect
three Congressmen and will control
the Legislature on joint ballot, insur
ing a Democratic Senator to succeed
Senator Scott. .
The Republicans claim a plurality of
25,000 for Roosevelt, but the Demo
crats are ; just as confident that the
State will go for Parker and Davis.
WEST VIRGINIA'S OUTLOOK.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 7.—-Penn
sylvania to-morrow will return the
usual large Republican plurality for
the national and State tickets. With
the exception of about half a dozen
Congressional districts, the campaign
just closed was the quietest In years.
Republican - managers hope for a
plurality for the .national and - State
tickets of from 300,000 -to 326,000, of
which they figure Philadelphia 'will
contribute from 130,000 to 133,000.
The Democrats give no figures, -but
assert that the Republican estimates
are too high. , Four years ago Penn
sylvania gave McKinley a plurality of
288,000. There is only one State of
fice to be voted for, that of Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court.
¦ ¦ The Republicans ¦ are confidently ex-
Plurality for Roosevelt Will Exceed
Three Hundred Thousand.
PENNSYLVANIA ESTIMATES.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. — The '
Weather Bureau to-day issued the fol
lowing special forecast for election
day:
"Fair weather and seasonable tem
peratures are Indicated for all parts
of the "United States Tuesday, except
some cloudiness and showers or snow
flurries in parts of New York, North
eastern Pennsylvania and New Eng
land and rain on the extreme North
Pacific Coast."
Indications Are of Favorable Condi
tions for Election Day.
FAIR WEATHER PREDICTED.
• LINCOLN. Nebr.. Nov. 7. — The vote
in Nebraska to-morrow promises to
ho heavy and Roosevelt's plurality will
not be far from 40,000. -j/ "¦-•
Roosevelt's Nebraska Plurality.
CHICAGO,- Nov. 7. — The national
headquarters in this city were prac
tically closed to-night, all of the of
ficials having left for their homes.
The claims advanced at the national
headquarters of \ the Republican
party ' do not " vary greatly
from the statement given out by
Chairman Cortelyou, but some of the
officials were somewhat more sweep
ing in their claims than the chair
man; „ • saying that in their opinion
Judge Parker would not carry a single
State in the Union ouside of the
"solid South."
Lieutenants Add to His Figures on
the National Result.
CORTELYOU TOO MODEST.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Nov. 7.— In
Rhode Island a plurality of 10,000, a
decrease of 3000 from McKinley's
plurality, Is expected by the Repub
licans for Roosevelt, although the
Democrats figure a small plurality for
Parker. Indications point to a Repub
lican majority In the Legislature,
which will elect a successor to United
States Senator Aldrlch.
Rhode Island for Roosevelt.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 7. — The Repub
lican State Committee estimates a
majority of not less than 20,000 in
the State, with 7000 or. more in St.
Louis, and victory in at least eight of
the fifteen Congressional districts.
At the Democratic State headquarters
a statement was issued estimating a
gubernatorial majority of not less
than 48,000, and the national ticket a
little under that number, and the fif
teen Congressional districts safe.
Missouri In Doubtful List.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7. — The Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul, the Lake
Shore and Michigan and the Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe railroads
have arranged to supply election re
turns to their passenger trains to-mor
row night from 6 to 12 o'clock.
On the St. Paul road the election re
turns will be posted in the observation
and buffet cars on the Pioneer, South
west and Overland Limited trains,
eastbound and westbound. The Iate3t
news will be handed to the conductors
at every stopping place of these trains.
In accordance with an order issued
by Vice President Brown, election re
turns will be supplied all passenger
trains on the New York Central and
Lake Shore roads as late as midnight.
The latest bulletins will be read in
each car by the conductors.
The Santa Fe Company will supply
election, bulletins to the California
limited trains between* here and the
coast, eastbound and westbound. It is
the custom- to furnish 'stock market
reports and the most important news
daily on these trains.
Railroad Companies Arrange for Bul
letin Service on -Trains.
Republicans Expect a 15,000 Plurality
for the President.
NEW HAVEN, Conn* Nov. I*—
Chairman Walsh of the Democratic
State Central Committee said to-nlghtc
"We have won Connecticut by a
great campaign and both Parker asd
Robertson will carry the State by rood
majorities." -,2
At the Republican headquarters
State Chairman Kennelly said: ' :^^j
"I am more confident to-niffht than
at any time during the campaign that
Roosevelt will carry the State by not
less than 15,000."
He declined to give aa estimate tn
figures on the State ticket, but Mdd
that Roberts, for Governor, would poll
a larger vote than Judge Robertson.
ELECTION NEWS FOR TOURISTS.
CONNECTICUT ESTIMATES,
The Addicks and anti-Addicks Re
publicans, who had separate State
tickets in the field,/ but who agreed
upon a compromise list of candidates,
expect, to elect their ticket, headed by
Preston Lea for Governor. Joseph H.
Chandler, the gubernatorial nominee
of the antl-Addicks faction, who re
fused to withdraw, in favor of the
compromise ticket, is running inde
pendently. Because of this defection
Democrats feel they have a chance of
winning the Governorship and "are
making every effort to bring out the
vote to overcome the split Republican
forces. . ;-:'/¦.¦ '- •¦"•'>.'";
WILMINGTON, Del., Nov. 7.— The
campaign just closed in Delaware was
one of the most complicated in the
history of the State. Both the Demo
crats and the Republicans claim they
will carry the State for their respec
tive national and State tickets,
but indications to-night point to Re
publican success by majorities under
those of four years ago.
Delaware Democrats Hope to Capture
the Governorship.
ADDICKS MAY BE BEATEN.
"It was necessary to have more power,
and I have new appliances for a more
perfect radiation for the electric waves.
From off the eastern coast of Italy I
have communicated . with Poldhu. At
Venice the messages were not intercept
ed with the same accuracy that they
were at Ancona, hundreds of miles to the
south."
He came here to install new hlgh
powvr apparatus at Glace Bay, Cape
Breton, and is convinced that soon he
will be able to begin the regular trans-
Atlantic commercial service of the com
pany. He has beeiP working for this a
long time. He said:
"I am now returning to England to
make changes in the Poldhu (Cornwall)
station corresponding to those at Cape
Breton. In December I hope to be able
to demonstrate that 3300 miles is no bar
to commercial transmission.
NEW YORK. Nov.' 7. — Signor Marconi
sailed for home Saturday on the Cam
pania. He expects to come back In De
cember.
(Special to The Call.)
Inventor Marconi Sails for
England, Saying He Hopes
to Have Everything Eeady
for Public Service Next
Month. /
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 7.— Word
was received here to-night that the
body of Roy Jeffers, the • young man
who disappeared from Highland, near
this city, a few weeks ago, has been
found in a lake near St. Louis, Mo. The
body bears marks of violence.
Jeffers had been in the employ of the
Brookings Lumber Company here for
some time, and when he had saved up
several hundred dollars he left, with
the avowed intention of returning to
his parents at Greenville, Ky. Some
days later an inquiry was received
from the parents in Kentucky asking
what had become of the young man.
This county was searched from end to
end, but no trace of him was found.
Jeffers was one *bf the most popular
young men of this section, and the
news of his untimely death has been
received with general sorrow. The tele
gram conveying the news of his death
does not go into details, simply stating
that the body bore evidence of foul
play.
NEW YORK. Not. 7.— When Presi
dent Roosevelt arrives at the Long
Island Railroad Station to-morrow, h«
may meet with the same difficulty In
reaching his home at Oyster Bay that
those who live In the suburbs In Long
Island did to-day. The entire Long
Island system was tied up for several
hours this afternoon and lats at night
the trouble had. not been overcome.
The new switching device that re
cently had been Installed was out of
working order and the railroad officials
endeavored to get the 100 or more mm,
who had been relieved from duty to
return to their switches. This they re
fused to do and the result was that
thousands of Long Islanders were com
pelled to remain in the depots or to
seek their homes by some circuitous
route.
President Roosevelt on his war to
Oyster Bay will have to pass through
the yards which to-night were badly
blocked. One of the officials of the
road said, howevtr: "The President
will not be delayed. We -win more
his train through."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAECOM HOPES TO BE
KEADY BEF0KE
CHEISTMAS.
Taggart Continues to Profess Con
fidence of a Parker Victory.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 7.—Un
usual quiet prevails throughout In
diana on the eve of the election. The
Republican leaders refuse to change
their prediction that Roosevelt and
Fairbanks will carry inaiaiia by plu
ralities variously estimated at from 20,
000 to 35,000. Democratic leaders con
fidently assert their belief that Parker
and Davis will be successful in Indiana
but refuse to give figures.
The Democrats are also of the opin
ion that John Kern, their gubernator
ial candidate, will run ahead of the na
tional ticket; that there will be much
change in the complexion of Indiana's
representation in Congress and that the
next Legislature which, if the Repub
lican national ticket is successful, will
elect two United States Senators, will
be Democratic.
Republicans scoff at such opinions,
contending that the next Indiana Leg
islature will be overwhelmingly Re
publican and that two Republican Con
gressmen from the Sixth and Twelfth
districts will be added to the present
number of nine. J. Frank Hanley, Re
publican candidate for Governor, is
sanguine in his expectation of election.*
He is of the opinion that his reported
connection with legislation Inimical to
labor has not influenced his candidacy
adversely. At Republican State head
quarters it is believed that Hanley will
poll a vote equal to that of the national
ticket.
When asked to-night for a last word
concerning the outlook Democratic Na
tional Chairman Taggart replied:
"Indiana is reliably Democratic and
the vote will so show."
Republican State Chairman James P.
Goodrich sees a Republican majority of
30,000 and the re-election of a Republi
can Legislature.
It Is conceded that the Prohibition
vote in Indiana will be increased this
year, but this contingency is not ex
pected to give either the Republicans
or Democrats an advantage. The Popu
list vote is expected to exert less influ
ence than previously.
Harry S. New returned to-day from
Republican Western headquarters at
Chicago. He will vote to-morrow and
return immediately to Chicago, where
he will receive the returns. In an in
terview to-night he said:
"I' honestly believe that we shall car
ry Indiana by a majority equal if not
surpassing that of 1900. We shall elect
the entire Republican State ticket and
carry both branches of the State Leg
islature. We shall certainly elect nine
Congressmen, and I am confident of
electing two more. I think Gilbert has
got Robinson beaten in the Twelfth dis
trict.
"I think Roosevelt will not have few
er than 315 votes in the electoral col
lege, and I shall not be surprised if he
gets 320. He will surely carry Connec
ticut and New Jersey. Chairman Cor
telyou has left Nevada out of his cal
culations as a Republican State, but I
am convinced that Roosevelt will carry
it. Thevchances are In our favor in
New York. If Parker ever had any
chance he destroyed it by his actions
in the final hours of the campaign.
There never was any doubt that he
would be beaten, but he let all of the
wind out of his balloon when he made
his bitter attack on President Roose
velt."
"ROOSEVEI/T AND HEARST."
Text of a Circular Sent Out by the
Xcw York Editor-Candidate.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— The Tribune
says: "In his devotion to the cause of
Judge Parker, William Randolph Hearst !
sent out a circular which was read to- '
day by the Republicans of the Eleventh
Congressional District," urging them to
vote for Roosevelt and Hearst. A'sam
ple ballot of the Republican and Demo
cratic tickets was inclosed, with a
printed cross under the 'eagle.* A
printed cross also appeared on the mar
gin in front of Hearst's name." .
The Times says: "Thomas E. Watson
evidently realizes he has no chance
whatever for the Presidency on the
Populist ticket, for to-night the chair
man of the People's party committee,
Melvin G. Pallister, announced that
Watson would after December 1 make
his home in New York.
" 'Mr. Watson is both a lawyer and
a newspaper man," said Pallister, 'and
, the editorship of a paper has been of -
, fered to him by William R. Hearst.'
"Pallister said that he did not know
whether Watson had accepted the
offer."
Body of Young Man Who
Disappeared From San Ber
nardino Found in a Lake
Possible That the Train of
the President Will Be
Caught in a Blockade
MEETS DEATH
IN FAIR CITY
ACROSS THE
ATLANTIC BY
WIRELESS
MAY NOT GET
TO OYSTER BAY
The feature of the election in this
city promises to be a remarkably
close watching of the polls. The plans
to prevent illegal voting have been
made on a scale that will eclipse all
former efforts. In addition to the
party watchers and the city's 8000 po
licemen, every one of whom will be
on election duty to-morrow. Su
perintendent Morgan of the State
Election Board for the metropolitan
district will have more than 1000 dep
uties at work to prevent the casting of
ballots by those not entitled to vote,
end a force of 100 secret service men
•will watch for foreign-born men who
D. CaJy Herrick. the Democratic
nominee for Governor, made a state
ment in which he said:
"Making very liberal discount upon
the rosy views that are always pre
ftnted to a candidate, I firmly believe
that the Republican majority north of
the Bronx will be less than It was two
year? asro."
Frank W. Hipgins. Republican can
didate for Governor, said to-day:
"I believe Roosevelt will carry the
Btate by over 1C0.O00, and that the Re
publican State ticket will be elected."
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Election eve
f.nds both parties claiming the Empire
Ftate. To-day the leaders made last
estimates of their committeemen and
then each side put forth its declara
tion?, the Democrats pinning their
faith to a statement by Chairman
«'harles F. Murphy of Tammany Hall
that the vote for Parker in Greater
Xt*w York wouM be the greatest ever
cast for a Democratic candidate, while
the P.epublican view was expressed by
Governor Odell, who said Parker's plu
rality in the city would have to be bet
ter than 140.000 if he was to carry the
State. Two years ago Coler, the Dem
ocratic candidate for Governor, had
122.600 plurality over Odell in the city,
but was defeated. Odell having 130,800
plurality in the rest of the State.
Fraud at the Polls
Elaborate Preparation-* to Prevent
IX THE IIOOSIER STATE.
At a conference of the Democratic
and Republican chairman and offi
cials of Teller County this afternoon
an agreement was reached regarding
the appointment of deputies and con
stables to serve at the polls to-mor
row, which, It is hoped, will avert the
danger of a clash between armed
forces in the Cripple Creek' district.
Two Republican vouchers were ar
rested at Cripple Creek to-night on the
charge of perjury sworn to by a young
man who, though under age, was regis
tered. The men arrested vouched for
his qualification as a voter.
Mayor Shockey to-night issued a
proclamation ordering all saloons and
other places where liquor Is sold to re
main closed from 6 o'clock Tuesday
morning to the same hour on Wednes
day morning.
It is reported to-night that a hundred
or more members of the Western Fed
eration of Miners who have been ab
sent from the district, either through
deportation or otherwise, returned to
the district late to-night. They were
headed by former District Attorney
Cole, a deportee himself. It^ls feared
that their presence in the district may
lead to a conflict between the opposing
elements.
DENVER, Colo.. Nov. 7.— Despite
the tense feeling resulting from the
sharp contest over the Governorship,
indications point to a peateable elec
tion throughout the State, with the
possible exception of Teller • County,
where Republicans and Democrats ac
cuse one another of having planned
to provoke trouble.
Largely attended meetings were
held to-night in the leading cities and
towns and enthusiasm on both sides
a high pitch. Governor
James H. Peabody made his final ap
pearance in Denver, and on the plat
form with him. in the Coliseum, was
Former Senator E. O. Wolcott. who
made his first speech of the cam
paign, indorsing all the Republican
candidates. Alva Adams, Democratic
candidate for Governor, closed his
canvass with a speech in Central City,
the Gilpin County mining center.
Neither side has modified its claims,
but Republicans and Democrats alike
agree that Roosevelt and Fairbanks
will get many more votes than the
other Republican candidates.
On application of the Democrats the
Supreme Court late to-night appointed
watchers for all s>reclncts in Huerfano
County and fourteen precincts In El
Paso County. ¦:,-"
Election-Day "-Rioting Feared in the
V;^ Cripple Creek District.
ARMED SLEX MAY CLASH.
At the headquarters of both the Re
publican and Democratic headquarters
to-night the- utmost confidence is ex
pressed as to the outlook. This con
fidence is substantially expressed in
the betting on the result which has
been heavier in Washington than ever.
The odds, on the general results are 5
to 1 in favor of Roosevelt and Fair
banks, but many wagers have been
made at shorter odds. ¦ The Interest of
the bettors centers in New York, and
large sumB have been wagered on the
result In that State. Odds of 2 to 1
have been offered by Republicans that
Roosevelt would carry his home State
and they have been accepted eagerly
by Dmocrats. Many have been re
corded on the result also in Maryland
and West Virginia, but Republican
money is as scarce on the former State
as Democratic money is on the latter.
A final personal word from Republi
can and Democratic leaders has been
sought to-day . by many people in
Washington. As a result National
Chairman Cortelyou, National Chair
man Taggart, William \ F. .Sheehan,
Charles F. Murphy and Senators and
Representatives in Congress from both
political parties are being quoted
wherever political discussion may . be
In vogue. *m£$fM
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.— President
Roosevelt left Washington at 12:30 this
morning for his homo at Oyster Bay,
L. I., to cast his vote at to-morrow's
election. With him were Secretary
Loeb, Dr. C. F. Stokes of the navy, As
sistant Secretary Barnes, who will
leave the train at Philadelphia for his
home at Vineland, N. J., and , other
persons connected with the executive
household. The party occupied a spe
cial car attached to the regular mid
night express on the Pennsylvania
Railroad.
After casting his vote at Oyster Bay
the President will Immediately return
to Washington. He. Is scheduled to
reach here shortly after 6 o'clock to
morrow evening.
BETTIXG GROWS BRISK.
At the headquarters of the Demo
cratic Congressional Committee at the
Riggs House, Secretary C. A. Ed
wards will receive the returns from
various States and from Democratic
national headquarters in New York. '
A big torchlight procession and a
serenade to President Roosevelt has
been projected by the local ' Republi
cans in expectation of his election.
Special wires were strung to-day,
connecting the main office of the West
ern Union with instruments placed in
the library and one of the corps of
operators in the executive telegraph
bureau will be on duty at the State
Department. Communication may thus
be. secured by the President with any
city in the country! National Chair
man Cortelyou, who will be at head
quarters in New York, will keep the
President and his friends advised of
the returns as they are received by
him. : V£>
Returns from the election will be re
ceived by the President at the White
House. He will have as his guests such
members of the Cabinet as may be in
the city and a few personal friends. In
addition to the returns by telegraph
and cipher at the Executive Mansion,
messages and bulletins also will be re
ceived in the President's library at the
White House.
Arrangements have been completed
for the President's trip to Oyster Bay
to vote. A special car for the accom
modation of the President and his par
ty will be attached to the regular Penn
sylvania Railroad train which will
leave here for New York at 12:30 a. m.
Roosevelt will be accompanied by Sec
retary Loeb and several White Hosue
attaches, who will also vote at Oyster
Bay. Arriving at Jersey City at 7:15
o'clock to-morrow morning, the Presi
dential party will be conveyed across
New York In carriages to Long Island
City, where a special train will be In
waiting to take the party to Oyster
Bay. The* President will remain Jn
Oyster Bay only long enough to cast
his ballot, returning to New York in
time to catch the 1:14 p. m. train for
"Washington.; The party Is scheduled
to arrive here at 6:16 o'clock in the
evening.
/ RETURNS AT WHITE HOUSE.
Only two members of the Cabinet,
Secretaries Hay and Morton, are in the
city to-night. On account of his health
Secretary Hay felt that he ought not
to make the trip to Ohio at this time,
and Secretary Morton is detained here
by important business in the Kavy De
partment.
WASHINGTON, Nov.* ,7.— A few
hours before the balloting in* the Pres
idential contest finds the national capi
tal practically deserted of qualified
electors. From every department of
the Government hundreds of officials
and clerks have gone home to vote, em
bracing the opportunity afforded by the
election to take at least a part of their
annual leave. Among Government em
ployes the interest in the contest has
been greater than in any election for
many years.
The present Republican majority in
the Legislature on joint ballot is 137,
which the Republicans say they ex
pect to increase. A United States Sen
ator is to be elected to succeed Phil
ander C. Knox, who was appointed to
succeed the late Senator Quay.
pecting that. the present Congressional
delegation of twenty-nine Republicans
and three Democrats will not be
changed. The Democrats expect to
increase their number to four.
'•Let us have no indictments what
ever for the purpose of giving political
advantage to either party. You are
not here for that purpose."
With good weather promised to
night, the indications are that the vote
cast to-morrow will be the heaviest
•^ver cast In New York City and per
haps in the State. Interest is at the
highest pitch known in recent . years,
and evidence of this is shown in ar
rangements made by the New York
Central Railroad Company to have re
turns furnished to-morrow evening to
ull its through trains at such points as
New i'ork, Albany, Utica, Syracuse,
Rochester, Buffalo. Niagara Falls,
Cleveland and Chicago.
Jud.are Foster, in charging the Grand
Jury to-day, advised the members to
be very careful in handling all polit
ical cases, saying:
Warrants will not be obtained for
all the alleged illegal voters. That has
been found to be physically impossible,
because -the courts have not time to is
sue warrants before to-morrow, and
before the State Election Bureau has
run out of complaint blanks. Where no
warrants lire issued in advance .the
deputies %\ f 11 be given orders of arrest
and will take into custody every man
named who votes.
may present fraudulent naturalization
papers.
To the grand total might be added
the large sum ppent by candidates who
have paid their cjv,-n expenses during
the oostly tours of State and country.
Much of the Democratic committee's
money has been used in establishing or
ganizations in States which had been
largely neglected in former campaigns
end to meet Republican aggressiveness
In Indiana and the States in the far
West. To Indiana alone the Demo
cratic National Committee sent up
ward of $300,000. The State com
mittee added a generous sum to this
amount, all of which Chairman Tag
gart has used to get out his vote.
•
KMIMKi: STATE COXTI--S1
NEW YORJv, Nov. 7.— Conservative
estimates of the total cost to both gn^eat
r-arties of the political campaign of 1S04
place the amount at {22,500,000. Of this
sum the Republican National Commit
tee will have spent about $3,000,000 and
the Democratic National Committee ap
proximately $2,000,000. The various
Slate committees will have spent the
difference between the total of these
sums and the grand total.
. The record of campaign finance shows
that the combined State committees
usually spend $4 for every dollar ex
pended by the national committee. This
year, because of the stiff fights waged
In several States, the proportion will be
Increased to about four and a half to
every one.
S|>ocial Dispatch to The Call.
Washington Deserted on Eve of Election
Millions of Dollars Expended in the
Educatipn of Voters.
WILL RETURN TO RECEIVE REPORTS AT WHITE HOUSE
Roosevelt to Make Trip in Special Gar
to Cast Vote in Oyster Bay.
COST OF CAMPAIGN
TO THE TWO PARTIES
RIVAL MANAGERS END LABORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 190i.
2
A.Guaranteed Cure for. Piles.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggUt will refund money if PAZO OINT-
MENT falls to euro you tn 9 to 14 days. SOo.*
AD ymtTISKMEXTS.
RsiHfeL \ fir
frn eminent Doc ffor states f^
that JPtuz&£0J7£Ss 2$ Caused Mm
hy poor Cooking anJccmse- Jgf^Sk
gaent Jack of Bouri&mmt?^? It
allgas sasgg Cooks gig 6<x>3. Cocks .
BHM<(« W.nig Biff HI - ~ *
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO., 415 POST STREET.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGr
To Gore a Cold tn One Da/
Taka Laxative Bromo Qulnlao Tablets. All
druggists refund th« money 1£ it falls to ear*,.
E. W. GroTe's signature Is on each box 25c»
DOAVS PILLS.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE
To Disprove Facts— It Is De-
ciieilly Easy to Verify San
Francisco Opinion.
Nothing by way of an introduction
could be added to the experience and
opinions given below, which could
increase their value. San Francisco
people can safely be left to draw
their own conclusions based on such
convincing proof as this citizen offers.
What is there lacking in evidence like
this to satisfy a dyed-in-the-wool
doubting Thomas?
Edward McDonnell, boiler maker
6t the Pacific Coast Boiler Works,
residence 2766 Bryant street, says:
"Any man who follows my calling
requires a good, sound, strong tiack,
and when for a year that back is
weak and often pains life becomes
almost a burden. An advertisement
about Doan's Kidney Pills induced I
me to try them. If the first box had j
not brought undoubted results I
never would have purchased a second, '
and if the second had not radically j
disposed of the attack, at least there |
has been no sign of a recurrence for
the last six months, I could not be
induced to publicly recommend the
medicine."
For sale by all dealers. Price, 50
cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, ;
N. Y., Sole Agents 'for the United
S.ates. £. '.;•*•-
Remember the name — Doan's — and
take no substitute.
EXAMINE YOUR DENTIFRICE
Add and grit, deadliest enemies of the
teeth, abound in cheap dentifrices. Fine per-
fumes do not rr.ake fine dentifrices. Your
teeth deserve better of you than to be offered
up a sacrifice to your pocketbock.
SOZODONT
is of proven value. Sixty years is a pretty
good test. No acid, no grit in Sorodont.
The Liquid penetrates the little crevices and
purifies them; the Powder gives a bright
and polished surface.
S FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PASTE.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
|$w#i^ ~^S To sweeten • Dispels coMs cud j
fulfil lf§||\ system, J stipated; I
¦ If fcl^tt \ Effectually I For men, women
I } and GentJy; A and children;
m ftiliy There is only \ Acts best, on v
§1 p'7M one Genuine W the kidneys I
m/MMM Syrup of Figs; \ and liver I:
lmW % to set its bene " ) stomach I
Ci '\ j i { ficial effects bowels; I
|i|i|pS£l$^:\ Always buy the genuine— Manufactured by the I-
¦lrjjfi The genuine Syrup of Figs is for sale by all first-class druggists. The M
&3? full name, of the company — California Fig Syrup Co. — is always B
II printed on the front of every package* Price Fifty Cents per bottle. |ONE OF MANY 'SCHEMES.
Edward Kuepfer, who lives a,t 794
Mission street, was said by the Mer
chants' ' Association to have moved
away from his abode during the last
thirty days. -It was found he still lives
in the same; location, so he will be al
lowed to cast his vote to-day. .
The Election Commission met last
n'ght. Very little business was trans
acted. Deputy Registrar J. F. Welsh
was suspended for two days for in
subordination. Commissioner Leffing
well happened to hear a conversation
between Welsh and Chief Deputy
Harry Zemansky, In which Welsh used
strong language to his superior,' and,
the case being brought before the
board, it resulted in the suspension
of Welsh. The rest of the session was
given to purging the voting roll, al
though very little was done in that di
rection.
Registrar for Insubordination.
Election Commission Removes Deputy
J. P. WELSH IS SUSPENDED.
The Pacific Union, Bohemian, Union
League and other clubs will receive
election returns by special bulletins to
day and to-night. The Union League
has secured the spacious house recent
ly vacated by the Pacific Union. For
the accommodation of members sev
eral apartments have been made ready
for occupancy to-day. The members of
the Pacific Union will soon have all
the club comforts and conveniences in
their new home at the northeast cor
ner of Stockton and Post streets.
Special Wires for Clubs.
Fully as much enthusiasm was
Bhown when Richard , J. Welch, • the
nominee for State Senator, entered
the hall. The other speakers were:
J. J. Hennessey, nominee for the As
sembly; J. N. Copus, the present rep
resentative in the Assembly; Thomas
F. Eagan, Mayor E. E. Schmitz, and
the four judicial nominess for the Su
perior bench, Judge Frank J. Mu
rasky, Daniel W. Burchard, Charles
T. Comlan and James L. Gallagher.
The meeting was presided over by
Rudolph Urban, who was introduced
by George J. Berger, chairman of the
committee.
Maennerbund Hall was filled to its
utmost capacity last night by the
voters of the Thirty-second Assembly
District. It was the fast rally of the
nominees of the Union Labor party
and the audience greeted each speak
er with enthusiasm as he appeared on
the platform. The applause was loud
when ¦ C. J. Williams, nominee for
Congress, made his appearance. Mr.
Williams in a modest way gave a brief
accotKit of his affiliation with organ
ized labor for the last twenty-five
years, and In conclusion pledged his
fealty to the cause.
C. J. Williams, Union Labor Nominee,
and Senator R. J. Welch Ad- '
dressed the Voters.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
George A. McGowan, Republican
candidate for the Asembly in the For
ty-second District, who was chairman
of the last local Republican convention,
is deserving of the support of all Re
publican voters in his district, partic
ularly to the exclusion of thie taxpay
ers' party's candidate, George Lewis,
for the reason that the Democratic
candidate, Walter Farnham, is making
no fight. In view of this latter fact
all votes cast for Lewis detract from
McGowan, whose other competitor In
the district is Edward J. Kirwan, the
Union Labor party's nominee. Kirwan
is ¦ employed in the Sheriff's • office.
McGowan does not represent any
political faction, but stands for the
best interests of the Republican party.
He is a native son, being a member,
of California Parlor No. 1, and' has
considerable ability as a public speaker
and if elected to the Legislature he will
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
Mr. Williams reviewed his work for
union labor, the elevation of the
worklngman and the betterment of
his wife and family. , He was followed
by E. J. Deaver, the nominee for the
Assembly from this district. Mayor
E. E. Schmitz, Thomas F. Eagan and
J. N. Codus. A. M. Armstrong, a
talented young lawyer and an orator
of no mean ability, kept the audience
highly entertained until the arrival
of the judicial nominees, who appear
ed and made short addresses, after
which the usual cheers were sent
ringing through the rafters. of the old
building where Dennis Kearney once
held his celebrated sandlot meetings.
i i A '
meeting to order and in a '?w re
marks reminded the voters of their
duty to-day. He was followed by
Charles A. Siskron, the Assemblyman
from the district. The appearance of
C. J. Williams, nominee for Congress
from the Fifth District, was the sig
nal for cheering.
Tlieir Duty.
Republican Orator Tells Voters of
STOCKTON, Nov. 7.— George A.
Knight closed the campaign In Stock
ton to-night with the largest and most
enthusiastic meeting ever held here. He
held the large audience to the close
telling the Republicans to do their
duty ; at the polls. .He said the elec
tion of Roosevelt is certain and urged
Californians to make the majority the
largest ever given in the State.
A man's self-respect is often punc
tured by the suspicions of his neigh
bors.
> EUREKA, Nov. 7. — The Republican
campaign was brought to a close to
night with a monster rally at Occi
dental Pavilion. The speakers were
Congressmen J. , N. Gillett, Senator
Thomas H. Selvage and Assemblyman
George T. Rolley. The meeting was well
attended and was a fitting close to the
campaign. It la estimated that Hum
boldt County will srtve Roosevelt and
the Republican ticket from 3000 to 3500
plurality. ___^_
KNIGHT AT STOCKTOX.
Monster Meeting Closes Campaign in
the Northern City.
An enthusiastic Roosevelt and Fair
banks meeting was held last evening
under the auspices of the colored citi
zens of San Francisco at the Bethel
African Methodist Episcopal Church.
Julius Kahn, Republican candidate
for Congress, who was the chief
speaker of the evening, was received
with enthusiastic applause. At the
conclusion of his address many of his
hearers pressed forward, eager to
Fliake his hand and assured him of
thtlr hearty support when they cast
Their ballots to-day.
The meeting was opened by T. B.
Morton, who introduced Rev. E. A.
Greet .lulius Kahn and Give Cheers
for All Republican Nominees.
COLORED CITIZENS MEET.
I want to impifss it on the
minds of all Republicans that
to srivc me the full powers to
carry out the policy of the
Republican party, they must
give me a supporting delega
tion hi Congress. What Is the
use of electing me If my hands
are to be tied by a Demo
cratic House? Why two
years from now, if I have not
the full control of that house,
it will be Impossible to carry
out the policy for the reason
that the appropriations for
Improvements for the army
posts and to the navy may be
cut down, as well as appro
priations'for our fortifications.
Then there is the Philippine
policy, which will be af
fected. Everj- man who wants
to see me in the chair should
vote for a Republican Con
gressman. — President Roose
velt in an interview with
George A. Knight.
RENO, Nov. 7.— The hardest fought
campaign in the history of Nevada
closed to-night with speaking in near
ly every precinct in the State. The
Republicans have for the first time in
ten years more than an even chance of
winninjj the whole State ticket, while
the Democratic leaders admit that
Roosevelt will carry the State. The
election of United States Senator and
a Congressman is in doubt with both
sides claiming that they will win.
•
BIG RALXiY IX EUREKA.
Victory for Republicans Probable In
Sagebrush State.
HARD FIGHT IX NEVADA.
State of California,
City and County of San Francisco, ss.
William Manning, being duly sworn, deposes
and says: I am a member of Local Union
No. 1H, Brotherhood of Painters, Decorators
and Paperhangers of America. 1 was present
at the meeting held on October 31, 1004. At
that meeting there were present fifty or sixty
members of the membership of 1400 men. The
statement that the resolution was passed over
whelmingly is utterly false. It was strenu
ously opposed and carried In the face of strong
opposition, even from the ranks of "the picked
meeting. The members of the union had no
knowledge that such a resolution was to be
passed, and if any fair proportion of the mem
bership were present the resolution would
never have been introduced, much less car
ried. The persons who railroaded its passage
compose a email clique made up of men who
have resided In our city for a few years, and
have been solely responsible for the dissen
sions and disruptions so loudly complained of
In their resolution. The statements that Julius
Kahn is an enemy of union labor and the
brotherhood, that he advised the disruption of
Local Union No. It), that he caused a dual
organization to be formed, that he assisted
the Citizens' Alliance by sending strike
breakers to Sacramento to take the places of
lockod-out painters, are entirely false and un
true. The resolution and its publication are
an act of malicious politics, accompllehed on
the v«ry eve of an election for the purpose of
creating a hostile sentiment against Mr. Kahn
without an opportunity of contradiction. ' In
the «ilrlt or fairness and op behalf of 1300
members of the union that were given no no
tice and no opportunity to be heard. I wish
to protest against the charges which even the
framers knew to be falsef and against the
method In which our union has been made' to
appear to censure a man that it holds In the
very highest 'respect. ?
WILLIAM MANNING,
3S9 Geary st., city.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of November. 1904.
M. D. BROWN,
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
The campaign canard to the effect
that Julius Kahn attempted to disrupt
a labor union Is fully exploded by the
following affidavit from William Man
ning: ,
Sworn Statement Submitted to Com
bat n Campaign Falsehood.
JULIUS KAHN IS INDORSED.
ROOSEVELT
WANTS SOLID
DELEGATION
Rev. Mr. Burleigh called the atten
tion of his hearers to what the Repub
lican party had done for the colored
people in the past, dating his remarks
from the time of Lincoln to the pres
ent administration. He urged his
hearers not to forget the fair and
liberal treatment accorded them.
Julius Kahn in his address touched
briefly but pointedly on the race ques
tion: "The Republican party," he
said, "has always stood for protection,
sound money, sound morals and equal
opportunities to all men, regardless of
race, creed or color."
Touching his own candidacy, Kahn
had little to say. He pointed to his
record, which he deemed sufficient evi
dence of his capability to represent
the people of a great State in the halls
of the governing body of the nation.
"In politics as in law," he said, "three
things are resorted to: First, we use
facts if we have them; failing in facts,
we use law, and if we have neither
facts nor law we abuse our opponent.
The Democratic party, having neither
facts nor law, is abusing its opponent.
Addresses were also made by Philip
J. Haskins, nominee for State Senator
in the Twenty-fourth; P. B. Anspacher
and others.
Burlelgh as chairman. The vice presi
dents were: W. Lemoine, E. L. White,
C. Ford, W. N. Ricks, J. H. Fisher, C.
A. Jamlesor., E. A. Wright A. Loney,
J. Harper, A. Frazier, T. B. Morton.
H. Gillmore, A. D. Benston, J. Nash
burn, G. W. Dennis Sr., S. M. Davison.
A. P. Lee, George Mitchell, Samuel
King, A. Toombs, B. Oxendine.
give the Forty-second District the* best
representation it has ever had and. will
probably be the ' leader of the San
Francisco delegation.
Chairman Godwin of the Democratic
committee concedes that the State will
give Roosevelt a good round majority.
He claims the election of Turner (D.)
for Governor by from 15,000 to 20,000
majority.
.SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 7.—Chair
man Palmer of the Republican State
Central Committee claims that Wash
ington State will give Roosevelt from
30,000 to 35,000 plurality and that Mead,
the Republican nominee for Governor,
will be elected by from 7500 to 12.000.
The Republican candidates for Con
gress, Palmer states, will be elected by
pluralities ranging from 20,000 to 25,000.
Democrats Admit State Will Go for
Roosevelt.
WASHINGTON CONCEDED.
Governor and his party were entertain
ed In President Foster's private car at
the California Northwestern Railway
depot.
Early in the evening there was a
great street parade, which aroused
much enthusiasm. The McKiniay Club
of this city was In line 300 strong,
headed by Parks' brass band. The
members of the club carried roman
candles. \
People of Santn Rosa Show Regard
for Nominee.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 7.— The largest
as well as the most enthusiastic polit
ical meeting ever held here took place
to-night. Duncan E. McKiniay, can
didate for Congress, and Judge H.
A. Melvin were the speakers. Governor
Pardee was scheduled to speak, but his
throat gave out and his address was
read by Judge Melvin.
If this meeting is a criterion, this city
and county will give the entire Repu
lican ticket a big vote at the polls to
morrow. This is Duncan E. McKln
lay's home town and to-night's demon
stration showed In what esteem the
people here hold him.
The Athenaeum Theater, where the
meeting was held, was very handsome
ly decorated by the Republican women
of Santa Rosa, great interest being ta
ken by the fair sex in McKinlay's
race for Congressional honors. In
the decorations bamboo, pepper wood,
weeping willow and palms predomi
nated. Many women acted as vice
presidents of the meeting. They occu
pied seats on either side of the stage,
i Following is the list of the fair Repub
licans:
Mrs. C. L.. Kopf. Mrs. F. O. Nagle. Mrs. E.
I F. Woodward. Mrs. C. H. Pond, Mrs. R. L..
' Thompscn, Mrs. J. D. O'Meara. Mrs. O. F.
King Mrs. C. C. Belden. Mr>. A. B. Lemmon,
Mrs. Sam Fislier, Mrs. J. A. Barham. Miss
Lena Barham, Mrs. N. V. V. Smyth, Mrs.
Glen Murdcck, Mrs. W. F. Price. Mrs. J. K.
I Smith, Mrs. J P. Berry, Mr?. A. L. Thompson.
r Mrs. C. E. Mills. Mrs. H. L. Tripp, Mrs. Hen-
I ry Hahman, Mrs. H. A. Scott, Mrs. Frank
Koenlg. Mrs. A. W. Arnold. •
The following prominent Republicans
occupied scats on the stage:
X. Baclgalupi, John MeLain, A. G. Burnett.
\ John Miller, K. de Bernardi. A. J. Atchinson,
I T. J. Butts. A. W. Raddatzz. George Brown,
; Dr. J. W. Cline. William Smith, Max Reuter
*han, E. W. Hurgren. P. J. Sheidemann, H. C.
I Coltrin, C. C. Belden. W. E. Stahl. Victor
Piezzi, R. F. Crawford, D. Osborn, Louis Ped
rottl. P. H. Qulnn. R. G. Sutherland. A. Ben
. Jamin, L. A. Maddocks, Vernon Downs. Joseph
I Talbot, Peter Hansen. J. Willis Goodman. An
• drew Peterson, W. A. Griffith. Charles Gillett,
Chauncey E. Pool. C. A. Wright. A. O. Erwin,
C. L». Kopf, Robert Lockhart. E. C. Merrltt,
Alvln Wesfce Sr., T. P. Keegan. Major C. E.
Haven. F. M. Cooper, E. M. Cox. E. E. Mor
row, Dr. C. H. Thompson, Henry Prlndle.
Charles Winters. F. Muther Sr.. R. M. Swain.
I Frank Koenlg. Henry Hahman, A. de W.
I Brown, J. K. Smith, E. F. Woodward, W. F.
; Price. Allen Bryant. J. F. Wallace, C. B.
' Kobe?, J. F. Birch. W. L. Nagle, Frank El
1 Ilctt, C. C. Donovan. A. E. Chartrand, Harvey
Gregory. M. B. Mac. George Miller, E. W.
! Woolsey, W. C. Lindsay. George Hartley, R.
! E. Leech. T. L. Eckel, Fulton; H. G. Relroann,
i W. L. Cunningham, Windsor: S. W. Purrlng
ton. Mount Olivet; R. E. Galge, Glen Ellen:
R. Q. Wlckham, Frank H. Hartman, Eldridge;
George Baer, T. B. Wilson. C. E. Humbert.
Simon Plnschower, W. D. Sink. W. T. Brush,
Cloverdale; Julius Allegrini. George Kirsch.
Astl; Schuyler Vaughn, D. W. Winder, H. M.
Hastings J. E. Metzger, Geyservllle; D. N.
Goddard.' A. B. Provines, W. D. Whitney. E.
S. Rowland, E. M. Norton. F. W. Cooke.
HealdFDurg; J. D. Bosch, Geyserville; Sheridan
Peterson, Santa Rosa; A. F. Mlsener, Windsor;
Armstrong Faught. Santa Rosa; John Leslie.
Windsor; L. A. Jordan and J. M. Dlckson,
Santa Rosa.
After the meeting at the theater the
McKIXLiAY GIVEN OVATION.
On the eve of the election the Re
publican leaders claim Tolo County
for Roosevelt by a small margin.
The county gave Bryan 260 plurality
and Congressman Bell a plurality of
355. The latte'r's vote, they claim,
will be reduced in proportion to the
slump on the head of the ticket. The
Republicans also claim the election of
an Assemblyman and two of the three
Supervisors. The Democratic leaders
are exceedingly reticent regarding the>
head of the ticket, but claim Bell's
majority in Tolo will be as large as
that two years ago. With equal con
fidence they claim the election of the
Assemblyman and all three Super
visors.
WOODLAND, Nov. 7. — The Repub
licans of Woodland closed the cam
paign here to-night with an enthu
siastic meeting in the opera-house. T.
V. Eddy of San Francisco was the prin
cipal speaker. Local candidates also
made addresses.
Republican Leaders Claim County by
Small Margin.
This concluded the speeches and the
last Republican meeting of the cam
paign came to an end with cheers for
the candidates from Roosevelt down the
line. * **
And in concluding I .want to ask you to
think of the dark hours of Cleveland's second
administration. Think of that and then look
forward to the unclouded promise of the fu
ture. Think of the leaders that led. you from
the darkness of despair into the light of prog
ress; think of the policies that have enriched
the nation. Democratic prophecies and prom
ises are as substantial as the fabled gold at
the rainbow's end; as substantial as the pal
aces the mirage rears on the waterless des
ert. Be- guldfd alone by the light of expe
rience. This will lead you to the right path
and you will cast your vote for the Republican
party.
Every man in this district is interested in
the candidacy of Mr. Hayes, because he ie the
only candidate in the district whose politics
would lead htm to uphold the hands of the
next President of the United States, Theodore
Roosevelt. The Interests of California are en
twined with those of every State in the Union,
and none is more vitally interested in the per
petuation of Republican policies than Is the
great, imperial State of California.
Republlcpn success means business success;
solid, solvent banks. Increasing deposits, sound
currency and a continuation of that "great pol
icy of protection (not for tariff alone, but pro
tection for the American manufacturer and
American workman) which is responsible for
the present unprecedented prosperity of the na
tion.
ing had been the scene of many a gory
pugilistic combat and he said: "I no
tice something familiar about the sur
roundings here, and it offers a sugges
tion. I am satisfied that to-morrow,
after the referee has given his decision,
that capable citizen and loyal Repub
lican, E. A. Hayes, and the entire Re
publican ticket of the district will be
declared the victors in this great con
test." Cheers greeted this remark-
Continuing Mr. Shortridge said:
HAVES' CANDIDACY.
Another song from the quartet enter
tained the audience and then Mr.
Shortridge was introduced. Mr. Short
ridge had taken note of the fact that
the stump from which he was speak-
These remarks of Mr. Hayes oc
casioned prolonged applause. In con
clusion the speaker made an exhaustive
analysis of the tariff question and then
pledged himself to work tirelessly,
should he be elected, not only for Chi
nese exclusion but to stay the tide of
Japanese emigration into the United
States. '¦¦V' : i
Turning a moment from national to local
questions, I wish to tell you of a condition
that has attracted my attention. I notice that
at the Iron works of this city there are no keels
of new war vessels being laid. Notwithstand
ing the fact that new ships are constantly be
ing built by the Government, it is evident that
San Franclcco is being neglected In the award
of the contracts. Why is this? The reason is
that during the last session cf CongreBS San
Francisco was represented by men not in sym
pathy with th<» administration. San Francisco
had no Republican Congressmen to work for
its interests and hence they suffered. Get one
big ship to build here and It means that most
of her cost will go into the hands of the city's
workmen. I will promise you that if I am
elected I will do my best to see that San Fran
cisco gets one big ship. If not two or three, to
build.
I have not spent my time abusing my oppo
nents, but In appealing to the sober sense of
my fellow men as to what they should do to
uphold the great principles of the Republican
party and continue the era of prosperity we
have known during the years of Republican
administration.
NO TIME FOR ABUSE.
While it is true that I have been wantonly
assailed during this campaign, I have full con
fidence In submitting my candidacy to the peo
ple that they will rise above the petty abuses
that have been heaped upon me and will vote
as men, unswerved by charges against me
which they know to be false. I know that
the people do not believe that I am such a
monster that I would say one thing and do
another, and I know they will accept as false
the assertion that this is my practice.
After a strenuous campaign we meet here to
night a few hours before the battle of the bal
lots to have a final talk on the Issues of the
campaign. Some may think that this Is a late
hour In the campaign to continue the fight, but
it is never too late, if the voting places have
not opened, to try to lead eome voter to accept
the right view of the condition that con
fronts us. ...
John W. Rogers, chairman of the
Fifth Congressional District Commit
tee, presided. The principal speakers
were E. A. Hayes, Republican candi
date for Congress in the Fifth, and
Samuel M. Shortridge, whose eloquence
is known wherever audiences gather.
After a song by the Stanford Repub
lican Quartet Mr. Hayes was intro
duced, and he made a very effective ad
dress. In part he said:
The meeting was the most enthusi
astic of the campaign. Shortly after
the speakers arrived, but before the
meeting was called to order, the Greek-
American Republican Club, hundreds
strong, headed by Felix Paduveri and
preceded by a band, from which rolled
the majestic strains of "The Star-
Spangled Banner," marched into the
hall. The demonstration had its effect
and the crowd rose and fitted the hall
with cheers for the organized legion of
loyal Republicans.
judicial and legislative tickets the Re- |
publican party of San Francisco J
brought its campaign to a close at j
Woodward's Pavilion last night. It was
a meeting that well served its purpose
and gave an impetus to the Republican
forces that will carry them on to vic
tory.
With three cheers for Roosevelt and i
Fairbanks, three cheers for Kahn and :
Hayes and three cheers for the entire
country to substitute for the pencil prescribed
by law for use In marking the ballots a pencil
of different color, and the use of which would
Invalidate the ballots. ! ,
This hi doubtless only one of a number of
schemes to which the opposition may resort in
a final effort to affect the result. Without
doubt there will be the usual number -of false
stories circulated too late to be denied or coun
teracted. While the American people are to
an extent prepared for such methods, it Is, of
course, necessary that we should be on the
alert. It Is rate to assume that any stories
put into circulation during: the last few days
of the campaign are intended to mislead the
people and are promulgated at the last hour in
the • hope that ¦' we will not have the time or
the opportunity to prove their falsity.
We wish to bring this matter to your special
attention. Very truly yours.
ELMER DOVER,
Secretary Republican National, Committee.
He next spoke of Hearst's efforts to I
suppress trusts and the Republicans' j
evasion of their responsibility. After f
talking for several minutes on trusts '
he switched back to attacking Julius
Kahn and ridiculing his personal char
acteristics. Following a particularly
slurring remark he added that he "did ]
not think Julius Kahn was in any way i
corrupt." j
William J. Wynn, candidate for re- |
election to Congress from the Fifth
District, next spoke. In a few words
he asked for the support of the Demo- j
cratic voters at the polls and prom
ised that he would do all in his power
to further their interests.
P. H. McCarthy then followed with
a description of a supposed attempt by
two Republicans In a buggy to run j
down Livernash and Wynn at an open :
air meeting on Market street. He ac
ciTsed Presidential elector U. S. Grant j
of being the instigator of the attack. ;
His speech was mostly confined to the :
discussion of the labor relations with ,
the Democratic party.
Edward J. Livernash was the final
speaker of the evening. He began with
an attack on Julius Kahn, Republican
nominee in the Fourth Congressional
District. He said that his opponent
had descended to depths of infamy
never before reached, and far lower
than the level of the last campaign.
He spoke of the principles that "he
would fight for in Congress in spite
of the assaults of hired thugs and
against votes washed down with "can
didate" beer, and in spite of the Citi
zens' Alliance or even of a- dastard
press, always a purchasable quantity.
The next few minutes were devoted
to an attack on Abraham Ruef, the
Congressman alleging that an agree
ment had been made* between Ruef and
E. A. Hayes, Republican nominee in
the Fifth Congressional District, to
defeat Wynn. Livernash closed with
an appeal for the party's support at
the polls to-day.
James H. Budd was the first speaker
introduced and began by arraigning
Kahn in mud-flinging terms for fling
ing mud. He branched out, however,
with figures and predictions of to-day's
voting. He also claimed that the Dem
ocrats did not desire to abolish the
tariff, but regulate it, and that the
reason why the Democrats were in the
minority was because men after boodle
would not stay with the minority. He
then referred to 1 trusts' and said that
they were the result of Republican ad
ministration and that hard times were
inevitable' during Cleveland's adminis
tration after Harrison was out.
Campaign issues, the affairs of the
¦nation and clean politics were forgot
ten last night at Pioneer Hall, where
the Democrats held a rally meeting at
which ex-Governor Budd and Congress
men Livernash and Wynn were the
chief speakers. Budd and Livernash,
together with P. J. McCarthy, who is
a Democrat by the grace of union
labor, descended to vituperation and
Invective and discussed the character,
manners and alleged immorality of
their Republican opponents, while the
questions of trusts, expansion and tar
iff were given but brief courtesv.
The presiding officer was Walter
Macarthur, who occupied many min
utes with an introductory address and
later, during a lull in the proceedings,
while waiting for the Democratic Con
gressional candidates, came bravely to
the rescue with, a 'talk on legislation.
He asserted that this was a party, not
a class, fight and was soon contradicted
by a subsequent speaker, who appealed
to the audience to support Democracy
as the champion of the poor against
the rich.
Republicans Close Campaign With Rousing
Rally at Woodward's Pavilion.
coming election said:
"I had an interview with President
Roosevelt, who said: 'I want to im
press it on the minds of ail Republi
cans that to give me the full powers
to carry out the policy of the Repub
lican party they must give me a sup
porting delegation in Congress. What
is the use of electing me If my hands
are to be tied by a Democratic House?
Why, two years from now, if I have
not the full support of that House it
will be Impossible to carry out the
policy, for the reason that the appro
priations for improvements for the
army posts and to the navy may be
cut down, as we!! as appropriations
for our fortifications. Then there Is
th» Philippine policy which will be
affected.
"livery man who wants to see me
in the chair should vote for a Re
publican Congressman." •
George A. Knight, who has recently
returned from a campaign tour in the
East, in speaking yesterday of the
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT.
fornia. It is expected that Marin and
Sacramento counties will cast a large
vote for the Republican nominees.
The election of Julius Kahn in the
Fourth District is regarded as a fore
pone conclusion. The betting last night
was 2 to 1 in Kahn's favor.
E. A. Hayes' gallant fight in this city
tr.lists the admiration of politicians.
He Is now regarded as a sure winner.
Late last night the prediction was
made by General George Stone, chair
oan of the Republican State Commit
tee, that Roosevelt's plurality in Cali
fornia would be 65,000. Telegrams re
ceived from a number of cities and
towns throughout the State Justify the
committee in making this prediction.
Furthermore, the fact is disclosed that
Judge Parker's attack on the Presi
dent and Mr. Cortelyou is injuring the
cause of the Democratic candidate for
the Presidency. Yesterday a lifelong
Democrat called at Republican head
qiiarters at the Palace Hotel and on
planking down a check for $100 for the
Republican campaign fund said: "Par
ker's attack on President Roosevelt is
beyond the limit. It is more than I
can Et&nd. I arn no longer a Demo
crat."
Though an effort was made to keep
secret the name of the Democrat who
contributed $100 to the Republican
campaign fund, it was learned late last
r.ight that Rudolph Herold Jr. is the
new convert and contributor to the
cause of the President of the United
States.
Messages were received at commit
tee headquarters last night that the
demonstration at Santa Rosa in honor
ul Governor Pardee and Duncan E.
McKiniay was the largest and most
enthusiastic ovation ever seen in So
noma County. The State committee
predicts the election of a solid Repub
lican Congressional delegation in Cali-
Livernash Also
Addresses a
Meeting.
Parker's Attack
Is Sharply
Resented
BDDDCHIEFSPEAKER
YOLO FOR ROOSEVEI/T.
A wound on Jackson's skull lndl
;ates that he was struck with an ax.
he skull being cut through to the brain.
Che position of the remains showed
:hat the murderer threw Jackson's
jody into one corner of the cabin, piled
nflammable materials over it and set
:hem on fire.
TACOMA, Nov. 7.— Dispatches from
Fairbanks give the details of the first
murder known to have been committed
there since the discovery of the Tanana
mining district. Jacob Jackson, with
an unknown partner, lived in a cabin
near Pedro Creek, where they were
prospecting. Jackson had money. Tea
days ago Jackson's charred remains
were found in the ashes of his cabin.
No trace of his partner was found.
When her^husband appeared with a
gun the fiend was nowhere to be seen.
The people of the suburb are panic
stricken.
A short, heavy r set man,
mentioned in connection with the three
murder mysteries, was discovered by
Mrs. Winnes in her back yard. As she
stepped out of the house the man leap
ed at her and seized her by the throat.
She screamed a'nd called loudly to her
husband, who was in the house, and
her assailant fled out of the alley gate.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 7. — Another
Cummlnsville- woman, an Intended vic
tim of Cincinnati's "Jack the Ripper,"
who has slain three pretty girls and at
tacked at least half a dozen others and
is baffling the entire Police Depart
ment, is lying at her home hysterical
as the result of an attack by the fiend
late last night. She is Mrs. Harry C.
Winnes of 1323 Albany avenue, only
a few blocks from the scene of the
three recent tragedies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bourbons Fling
Mud at Final,
Rally.
Murdered Man's Companion,
Who Is Believed to Be the
Slayer, Has Left District
SolidDelegation
to Congress
Probable
No Clew to the Identity
of . the Fiend Who Has
Murdered Three Girls
POLICE ARE BAFFLED
FIRST CRIME IX TANANA!
THE CALL has taken steps to secure the earliest and
most accurate returns of the election. Telegrams
will be displayed at THE CALL office, Third and Market
streets, to-day and to-night
During the Day the first news foreshadowing the
result will be immediately bulletined.
At Night the progress of . the city count and returns
flashed by wire from the east and, the interior of this
State will be shown by stereopticon.
WATCH THE CMLL BULLETINS
REPUBLICANS
OF CALIFORNIA
ARE CONFIDENT
END CAMPAIGN
WITH ATTACKS
ON OPPONENTS
Charred Body Found in the
Ashes of Prospector's Hut
Tells of a Brutal Murder
Cincinnati's "Jack the Rip
per" Is Cheated of a
Prospective Fourjh Victim
WOMAN'S CRIES
FOIL STRANGLER
KILLS PARTNER,
BURNS REMAINS
SIXTY - FIVE THOUSAND FOR ROOSEVELT
THE SAN FRANCISCO ICALU TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1904.
TIIIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
Union L<abor Nominees Make Tlieir
Final Appeal to the Men Who Toll.
A large gathering of the voters of
the Thirty-sixth Assembly District
met at Harmony hall, Mission and
Erie streets, last night to pledge their
votes to the nominees of the Union
Labor party. P. F. ' Roller called the
National Republipan Committee Gflves
a Word of Warning.
General George Stone, chairman of
the, Republican ; State. "Committee /of
California, has; Just received the'fol
lowing letter from the National Com
mittee of the party: .
. CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 1, 1004.
George Stone, i - •.-'•; . - ¦ ¦
Palace Hotel. L San : Francisco. Cal.— ,
-My Dear Sir:- This committee has just been
advised of an eftcrt '¦ In certain narts • of th< "
Congressman Liver nash appeared
at the Registration Office yesterday
and asked Registrar Adams for passes
to the election booths".
"I have no passes left," said Adams,
"having given them all out, with the
exception of two or three, to * the
Democratic and Republican organiza
tions. .
"I'll see whether or not I can-get
passes," said . Livernash excitedly.
"You're : a scoundrel, sir."
"I .will i not talk to you, Mr. Llver
nash," replied Adams, who then walk
ed away, from the counter.
"You're a — — scoundrel,", repeated
Livernash. as >he took his departure
muttering something that could not
be, heard by. those standing near. '
REGISTRAR ADAMS CAL.L.ED
SCOUNDREL BY LJVERXASH
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You In the Rush and Bustle?
\TbUe w« join in the rush and bustle of
this busy world, overtaxing our energies
end racking our systems, many of us are
morally culpable of reckless disregard of
bodily strength and fitness. Then per-
haps the health breaks down, and we
seem doomed to loog periods of pain and
depression. Our whole life is darkened.
YET THERE IS A REMEDY AT HAND
Hundreds and thousands of ailing men
and women have found th*t-
PILLS
rerily • make life worth living."
They Purify tho Blood, met fight thm
Olmordored Stomach, mrmumm thm
Sttrogtmh Urer, dlmpct Stck-Hoad"
mche, buildup thm Her wou* System,
mnd repair thm damage cmummd by
overwork mnd brain worry.
The genuine worth and never-tallina
eSc*cy of
BEEGHAM'S PILLS
have been fully proved during a period
of nearly sixtj years, and they are recog-
xxizedas the
Best Safeguard Affalnst Bilious and
Nervous Attacks.
The most satisfactory evidence of the
universal esteem in which BEECH AM'S*
FILLS areheld is found in thefact that the
SALES EACH YEAR INCREASE
MARVELOUSLY.
Pold by Dn!rei*t« «.t I Oc, *n<l •&«., or m*Ood
hr B. F. ALLEK CO., «SE Canal St_ Srw
Toe* City, ti your Drogcut does aotkeeptbem.
n^MM^l^f^ .IM — — ¦¦!¦ ¦M^M.MIII MIHI I I :«{C?:i'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Entirely new, better than ever.
"Money makes the Mayor go."
30,000 advance copies sold; in all
the sales have reached 80,000 Cynics.
75c net ; Postage, 5c. •
PAUL ...ELDER ®> CO.
238 POST STREET SAN FRANCISCOAPPRAISER- DE VP.IES COMING.— United
States General Appraiser Marlon de'Vrles win
be in ' thU ;¦ city, on ¦ November.- 25 ¦¦. to i hear ap
oeaU ; In : appraisement cases.
American Dies in Panama.
COLON, Nov. 7.— Charles Pratt, a well '
known American : who had lived .for a'
long time on the isthmus; is dead.
SELBY^s LECTVRE.-Isaac S«lDy win lec
ture on "The Pre«tdent» of the United States"
to-morrow evening; la Franklin w fl » ruixoor*
street.
Mrs. Elsie Hall Weds in St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 7. — Samuel I*
Barbour of Hartford. Conn., and Mrs.
Elsie Cosby Hall of San Francisco,
daughter of General George Blake
Cosby. ' were -united in marriage by
the Rev. William Short at St. Peter's
Episcopal Church^tq-day. The wed
ding was strictly "private.
. FALL RIVER, Mass., Nov. 7.—Rep
resentatives .of £he Fall River manu
facturers and the striking operators
he.ld, % another meeting to-night,, but
were unable to reach an agreement and
the situation is unchanged. The mills
will be opened on November 14, as pre
viously decided upon, to give' the strik
ers an opportunity to go to work under
a 12% per cent cut.
Fall River Strike to Continue.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 7.— An
Idyllic comedy, adapted from the Ger
man play by Robert Misch and entitled
"The Eternal Feminine," had its first
production on the American etage at
the Hyperion Theater to-night, and In
it as Antiope. the Amazonian queen.
Miss Margaret Anglln made her first
appearance as a star. The story is
early Grecian and the gorgeous set
tings and costuming are in keeping
with the period. Miss Anglln was ex
ctllently supported, her leading man
being Robert- Drouet.
She Presents "The Eternal Feminine,"
an Idyllic Comedy, Before New
Haven Audience.
Express Their Sympathy With Their
Fellows ;\Vho Caused Disturb
ances at Innsbruck.
VIENNA, Nov. 7.— The German stu
dents of the university engaged In a
demonstration to-day in sympathy with
their compatriots at Innsbruck. The
students marched in procession to the
Reichsrath building and subsequently
assembled before the university.
MARGARET ANGLJN'S FTRST
APPEARANCE AS A STAR
GERMAN STUDENTS MAKE
DEMONSTRATION IN VIENNA
DALNY, Nov. 7.— The Chicago Daily
News correspondent cables the follow
ing: After three days of continuous
bombardment of Port Arthur, which
caused extensive destruction to the
Shojusan and Nirj-usan forts in the
west center of the Russian line of de
fense and also to the Keekwan fort,
the right wing of the Japanese army
assaulted Shojusan yesterday after
noon. Having carried the approaches
to that height the assailants entrenched
themselves under the glacis- of the
forts.
In the evening the left wing delivered
an assault on Keekwan, fighting its
way to the lower parapet. There the
Japanese held their ground stubbornly
In the face of Russian counter attacks.
Having been : reinforced during -the
night the Russians charged down upon
the Japanese and desperate hand-to
hand conflicts ensued. The -Japanese
beat back the enemy and destroyed two
covered positions in the : front moat.
A Japanese sub-lieutenant with thirty
volunteers then succeeded in ' making
his way to the rear of the fort There
Pierces the Center of the Line of Port
Arthur's Defenses.
XOGI DRIVES IN WEDGE.
Mrs. Greenough is administratrix of
the estate of her husband, Benjamin
F. Greenough, ah inventor, and seeks
to recover royalties , on the use of a
secret process for treating petroleum
to make it 'non-explosive.
BOSTON, Nov. 7.— The suit for. $5,
000,000 brought by Elizabeth T. Green
ough of New York against Henry H.
Rogers of the Standard Oil Company,
which was dismissed by agreement of
the parties on September 24 last, was
re-entered to-day in the Supreme
Court. •
Mrs. Elizabeth Greenough Wants Five
Million Dollars for Her Hus
band's Invention. - _
RENEWS HER SUIT AGAINST
ROGERS OF STANDARD OIL
From Los Angeles — G. L. Elliott, at
the Holland; W. Overland, at" the
Hoffman House; Miss V*. Pomeroy
and <_ Miss A: Pomeroy, at the Gilsey
House; ¦;_•¦' R. I. Rogers, at the Holland
House. '
NEW YORK. Nov. 7. — The follow
ing Callfornians " arrived In New
York to-day:
From San Francisco: W. E. Bur
gess, at the Victoria; J. P. Coghlan
-and J. H. Dunne, at the Herald
Square; Mrs. E. Epstein, at the
Grenoble; Mrs. G. J. Fitzgribbon, at
the Imperial; Miss Funkensteln, at
the Grenoble; Miss A. Gaentzuch, at
the Westminster; S. Hart, at the
Hoffman House; J. L. Heselberg, at
the Herald Square; A. McKinnon, at
the. Hoffman House; T. Mertin, at
the Hotel Imperial; W. L. Hoffatt,
at the Hotel York; A. Rannis, at the
Broadway Central; S. Slmann, at the
Imperial; G. B. Smyth, at the Con
tinental; H. Toland, at the Cumber
land; F. Zeh. at the Hoffman
HouseT J. Bermingham, at the
Plazaf ¦ D. G. Curtis, at the Navarre;
J. B. Fox and wife, at the Herald
Square; Miss M. A. Seymour and
Mrs. R. F. Seymour, at the Plaza;
R. J. Somers. at the Herald Square; I
R. Weill. at the Martha Washington. !
From San Diesro— R. E. Graham, at
the ;Navarre.
Callforniiuis in New York.
Russia 31ny Sooif Grant Demands.
. LONDON, Nov. 7.—Colonial Secretary
Lyttleton, In a speech at Leamington
to-night, said there was excellent hope
of almost immediate agreement by
Russia to all o£ Great Britain's de
mands in connection with the North
Sea affair. -
SHANGHAI^Nov. 8. — It is reported
in British naval circles that a Jap
anese nnin-of-war lias been sunk by a
mine oil Port Arthur.
.Mikado's Vessel Strikes Mine Off
Port Arthur.
JAPANESE WARSHIP SUNK.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. — Sec
retary Morton to-day received a report
from Captain Dayton, president of the
Board of Inspection and Survey, say
ing that the armored cruiser West Vir
ginia maintained an average speed, as
corrected for tidal currents, of 22.146
knots per hour for four hours In her
recent trial over the measured course
of Cape Ann, exceeding by .146 of a
knot the speed- called for in the con
tract with her builders, the Newport
News Shipbuilding and Drydock Com
pany. This performance insures the
acceptance of this warship by the Gov
ernment. A-";
Cruiser Exceeds Contract Speed.
OIL CITY. Pa.. Nov. 7.— The Smart &
Silverberg three-story brick block was
completely ruined by fire to-night. The
loss is 5275.CO0. with an insurance -of
&bout one-third.
Disastrous tire at Oil City.
IRVINGTON, N.. Y.. Nov. 7.— J. M.
Thomas, who until a few months ago
was engaged in large Independent tele
phone enterprises and who was for six
years president of the National Inde
pendent Telephone Association, died at
his home here to-night.
Death of J. M. Thomas.
DENVER, Nov. 7.— A special to the
Republican from Casper, Wyo., says
that Sheriff Webb and party returned
to Casper this afternoon from the
northwest, where they went in pursuit
of the bandits who attempted to hold
up the First National Bank of Cody
and killed Cashier Middaugh- Not a
trace of the outlaws was discovered
and .it Is the opinion of the officers
that they have effectually escaped.
Nothing was seen of either the Fenton,
Stough or the "Johnson County posses.
After election Sheriff Webb may take
the trail again.
Sheriff Webb Returns After Failing
to Find Any Trace of
the Bandits.
OUTLAWS IN WYOMING
SAID TO HAVE ESCAPED
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— The cruiser
Columbia, having completed Its equip
ment at New York, has sailed for Pen
sacola, Fla., to await the arrival of
Secretary Taft and party, who are to
make the trip from there to Colon to
carry the President's message of peace
and good* will to President Amador
and the people of Panama.
Cruiser Columbia to Carry Taft
. ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 7.— The
necessity for officers for service at the
front has resulted in the mobilization
of all officers in St. Petersburg,. Vilna,
Warsaw, Kieff, Odessa, Moscow, Kazan
and the Caucasus. The loss of officers
at Liaoyang and below Mukden was
about 1300. The mobilization, while
intended to supply the deficiency, is
necessitated also by the grand scale
on which the war in the Far East is to
be prosecuted.
The news from the front indicates
that General Kuropatkin is devoting
his attention chiefly to keeping the
Japanese busy along the line of their
fortifications below the Shakhe River.
The Russians apparently are enjoying
some superiority in the matter of artil
lery, as many of the' heavier field
trains and mortar batteries are now
arriving and being brought into ser
vice.
Russia Sending Hundreds of Sword-
Dcurcrs to the Front.
MOBILIZATION OF OFFICERS.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 7.— Rev. Father T. J.
Aylward, assistant pastor of St. Pat
rick's Church, was arrested to-day^at
the parochial residence, adjoining the
church, on the charge of having in his
possession fraudulent naturalization
papers and having illegally registered
on these papers. Father Aylward to
night made the following statement:
"I want to find out if somebody has
not used mv name. I have been in St.
Patrick's Church for two years. I took
out papers at the Court of Appeals
three years ago and have them at the
parochial residence. So far as I know
they are legal in every respect."
Arrested Clergyman Denies That Ills
Naturalization Papers Are
Fraudulent.
riUEST MAY BE VICTIM
OF REGISTRATION' FRAUD
Later Bock left to see a doctor tor a
half-hour on Perry's request. He was
to meet Perry at the railroad station,
but did not find him there. He went to
the shops again and met Perry, and
the banker asked him to waJk to the
station. He went to the station and
caw the banker off. When he returned
to the works they were burning.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7. — Frank Bock, the
otar witness for the State in the arson
case against Banker Isaac N. Perry,
accused of having burned the Chicago
Car and Locomotive Works, to-day
gave damaging testimony against Per
ry. Bock told of the two visits of the
banker to the works on September 25.
when he ordered all cars shunted up to
or into the buildings, and on October 9,
th» day of the fire.
On the last visit Perry told Bock to
leave the works for an hour. Bock re
fused to go away alone, and the two
made a tour of the buildings. In one
of the buildings. Bock took hold of Per
ry's coat to clean some burrs from it,
when he felt a suspicious object in Per
ry's pocket, twelve inches long and
four lnchep wide. The pocket was
pinned with safety pins. Perry grabbed
the coat from him and said he would
clean it himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Watchman Gives Strong Tes
tiniony Against Chicago
Banker Accused of Arson
BOSTON. Nov. 7. — State Represen
tative Thomjis J. Curley and Alderman
J. M. Curley were sentenced to-day in
the United States Court to serve two
months in Jail for having impersonated
others at a civil service examination.
James J. Hughes and Bartholomew
Fahy received a similar sentence. The
letter two were the men whom the
Curleys had impersonated at the ex
amination. To-day's sentence was an
affirmation of one imposed earlier, but
the defendants had carried their case
by successive appeals to the United
States Supreme Court.
In passing sentence Judge Lowell
Faid that the Cujleys had not shown a
proper realization of their crime.
Thomas F. Curley is a candidate for
re-election to the Legislature, having
been nominated after the first sen
tence was imposed, and the Judge re
marked that those who voted for him
shared his shame.
Massachusetts Legislator
and Boston Alderman
Sentenced to Terms in Jail
PARIS, Nov. 7. — The names of _ Ad
mirals Fournie,r and Gervais are un
der consideraton for appointment as
the French member of the inter
national commission which is to inves
tigate the North Sea incident. No final
decision hag been reached, but the of
ficials here think Fournier will be se
lected.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. — Unofficial
ly, though from an official source, of
ficers of the navy on duty in Wash
ington have learned that the American
navy will be invited to send a repre
sentative as a member of the Anglo-
Russian inquiry commission, which
will investigate the Dogger Bank af
fair. It can be stated that Admiral
Dewey, of course, will be given the
refusal of this mission tind his accapt
ance will be most agreeable to the of
ficials. The admiral has given no in
timation as to his decision, should the
present programme of the British Gov
ernment be carried out. Should the
admiral not accept the President and
Secretary Morton will select another
officer of high rank for this duty.
If He So Desire.
May Serve on North Sea Commission
TWO OFFICIALS
IN DISGRAEC
SUSPICIOUS ACTS
ON DAY OF FIRE
The Russian and Japanese armies,
their lines extending from Bensiaputse
oirthe east to the Liao River on the
west, are at some places almost within
a stone's throw of each other. At Ben
tdaputse no more than 400 yards sepa
rate the advance posts, while at Linch
inpu, on the Shakhe River, fifteen
miles south of Mukden, the Japanese
and Russians occupy the extreme ends
of the same village.
At Huangshantse the Russian center
has thrown advance posts across the
Shakhe River and both armies are still
strengthening their positions all along
the line." The slightest, movement on
either side is the signal for firing,
which occasionally lasts all night.
The Russians are using six-inch
gur.s en the railway, which must great,
ly haradij the Japanese.
Undoubtedly the most decisive if
not the greatest battle of the year will
bf» fought on the banks of the Shakhe
River. The Russians are confident of
their ability to hold their positions.
The soldiers are building mud huts
for winter quarters. The nights con
tinue cold, but the days are bright and
crisp.
MUKDEN, Nov. 7. — The Japanese
on Saturday night attacked some of
the Russian outDOsts in considerable
force, but the Russians ' had been
warned and the Japanese "were re
pulsed. They were not able to take
away all their killed or wounded, leav
ing twenty-eight bodies on the field.
The Russians lost only nine men.
Unable to Take Away All
of Their Dead and
Wounded.
"In the afternoon we -visited the
Army and Navy clubs. Everybody
was very gay." .• > :
"He asked that Kuropatkln's re
verses be concealed from the garrison,
which still believes that Kuropatkin
is attacking General Nogi's rear.
"Stoessel praises the bravery and
kindness of the Japanese, who take
great care of the Russian wounded.
He feels proud of fighting such foes.
"At luncheon I was presented to
Mme. Stoessel and her daughter. Seven
persons sat down to luncheon, which
was a frugal meal in the Russian
style, with vodka, wine and tea. I
praised the beefsteak. Stoessel
laughed. It was horseflesh. Mme.
Stoessel laughed. She professes to like
horseflesh.
'After luncheon a bomb burst out
side, the whole house was shaken and
the upper windows shattered. The
conversation, however, continued with
out interruption.' No one was killed.
Mme. Stoessel quietly told her servant
to mend the windows with paper.
"The general learned from me for
the first time of Kuropatkln's defeats.
He was not inclined to credit the story
until convinced by some Chefu news
papers that I showed him. It perfect
ly astounded him to know that Kuro
patkin was at Mukden. He believed
him to be advancing 1 southward. He
said Jn Russian: 'There is no help,
then, but to die or go to Matsuyama
prison.'
"Since the Japanese captured the res
ervoir there is nothing to be had but
cistern water. Typhoid is prevalent.
Nobody, apparently, minds the bom
bardment. Children play in the streets.
Coolies work under g-uard. Carriages
and carts are driven about. I observ
ed an officer teaching a woman to ride
a bicycle while bombs passed over
head. >
OLD WARRIOR ASTOUXDED .
"From the flagship I was escorted to
the harbor master, who was found in
a bombproof cellar under the Admiralty
building, equipped with telephone, tele
graph and electric mine connections.
"We" were then escorted to General
Stoessel's house. All along the road to
the general's house were seen the rav
ages of the Incessant bombardment.
The Japanese guns fire at ten-minute
intervals. The Russians reply every
half-hour. One battery of ten guns Is
placed a few rods from the general's
house. Ninety per cent of the Japa
nese shells do no damage.
"Most of the killed ar«- coolies, the
weekly average being thirty.
"The city is remarkably tranquil and
street traffic goes on smoothly. The
shops are open all day. Two restau
rants are running. Meals cost two ru
bles (Jl). There is no fresh meat ex
cept horseflesh. Ten horses are slaugh
tered daily. One hundred horses are all
that remained when I left. There is
plenty of canned stuff and large sup
plies of rice, wheat and bean cake.
There is no lack of vodka. Single eggs
cost thirty kopecks^ (15 cents).
VISITS STOESSEL'S HOUSE,
"Altogether, there are sixteen fighting
ships in the harbor. None of these have
been dismantled. The sailors are kept
on board and only small machine guns
have been sent ashore. There is plenty
of coal, but ammunition is scarce.
"In the distance ten miles off can be
seen the smoke of Admiral Togo's
blockaders. The Japanese fleet has been
doing little bombardment of late.
"In the military prison behind Gold
en Hill there are thirty-three Japanese.
"Admiral Viren asked for news of the
Baltic fleet and learning that it was
then still at. Reval expressed his de
spair.
NAGASAKI, Nov. 7.— Edward Emer
son Jr., correspondent of the Chicago
Daily News, is the latest war writer to
have run the Japanese blockade and
enter besieged Port Arthur. Emerson
has Just returned and.gives an interest
ing description of conditions in the be
leaguered stronghold, which he left Just
previous to the recent general assault.
He says:
"After having arrived, ; along with a
companion, at the lighthouse on Liao
ehan promontory, close to Port Arthur,
the boat in which we had sailed from
Miaotao Islands was picked up by a
small Russian torpedo-boat attached to
the battleship Peresviet and towed to
that vessel, which lies two miles out
side of the harbor. The Peresviet is as
badly battered by Japanese shells as
the Cesarevltch. Both ship and crew
were in a filthy condition. From the
Peresviet we were taken to Admiral
Wiren, who was on board the Bayan,
outside of the Tigers Tail. The Bayan
also was badly damaged and dirty.
HIGH HONOR FOR DEWEV.
Later in the night the advanced posi
tion of the Japanese was taken and re
taken twice. The besiegers succeeded
in holding the approaches and con
structing trenches connecting them
with the army's front parallel. At
dawn numbers of dead were visible on
the slopes. Fort. P. north of the new
and old batteries In the left center of
the line of defenses, was captured by
severe fighting on that night. . ¦
These operations have driven an ef
fective wedge into the Russian center.
Severe explosions and extensive fires
have occurred in the fortress within the
last few days.
The total casualties of the Japanese
in the late attacks were 1100- The spirit
of the men is magnificent. The firing
of all the guns is wonderfully effective.
The climax to the late bombardment
came between 4 and 6 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon. It was a superb spec
tacle. Every . fort of the enemy was
engaged and the fighting in the
trenches was constant and severe. The
outposts of the contending forces were
only forty feet apart. \
At 1 o'clock this morning one of the
Japanese trenches collapsed into a
Russian gallery. The enemy, being
surprised underground, fled in con
fusion.
— : — «
he engage'd in a personal conflict with
a Russian officer and killed him. Hav
ing discovered two more defenses in
the rear moat the sub-lieutenant with
drew his force with a loss of two men.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 7.— By an explo
sion of gas last night in the mines of
thp Great Eastern Quicksilver Mining
Company, located about four miles from
Guemeville. four men were injured, two
perhaps fatally. Should they recover
they will owe their lives not only to
medical skill, but to the heroism of one
of their number, Fred Sicotte, who,
though seriously injured and suffering
Intense pain, managed to tell to fellow
workmen the story of what had hap
pened and bring aid to the injured.
The four men, E. J. Leslie, Rollo
Heeten. Peter Vander Straten and Si
cotte, were sent into the mine to "blow
out" an accumulation of gas, which
was considered dangerous. While they
were at work the gas in some manner,
possibly through the striking of a
match, became ignited. Instantly the
men were enveloped in flames, from
which there was no escape.
Just how the accident happened the
men themselves do not seem to know.
All the sufferers can tell is that while
hard at work they were suddenly blind
ed by a fla-<=h. heard the thunder of an
explosion which' threw them to the
ground and found their clothing burned
from their backs and their skins
scorched and blistered. For a time
none of the four was able to move.
His appeal for aid was readily re
sponded to and the other three sufferers
were removed to the outer air, where
medical aid was given them.
Of the four Leslie and Hooten are the
most seriously injured. Leslie was not
only burned from head to foot, but also
had inhaled flames. His recovery is
considered impossible and his death is
expected at any time. The doctors say
Hooten may linger for several days, or
possibly tw£ weeks, but it will be im
possible for him to recover from the
shock attending the burns. The other
two men, while suffering excruciating
pain, are expected to recover.
Leslie and Hooten were taken to San
Francisco and are now at St. Luke's
Hospital, where everything possible is
being done for them. On the long Jour
ney over the rough mountain roads to
the railroad station and from there to
San Francisco by train they were ac
companied and attended by Dr. Byron
and Superintendent Abbey of the mines,
both of whom express sincere regret at
the accident.
but finally Fred Sicotte. although se
verely burned and suffering Intense
agony, volunteered to go for aid. With
hands, face, legs and arms scorched, he
painfully climbed 115 feet almost per
pendicularly to the 500-foot level and
summoned assistance.
Sprcfctf Dispatch txr Thn Cill-
Partakes of Horse Meat
With Stoessel and Wife
Japanese Are Driven
Back by Kuropat
kin's Outposts.
Aid Summoned by a Hero
War Writer Runs the Blockade
and Reports City's Condition.
TWO EXPECTED TO DIE
NIGHT ATTACK
UPON RUSSIAN
TROOPS FAILS
GETS INTO PORT ARTHUR
GAS EXPLODES IN MINE,
INJURING FOUR WORKMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER S, 1904.
4
ad v rarasKMEXTs.
CRE&37SS GOOD &M THE SQa/ARE-^
Come and take your pick of Our, Half-Million-DoUar
Stock Furniture, Carpets, Draperies, Rugs, Kitchen
Furnishings, Stoves and Ranges. An incomparable
stock at prices that will please your purse.
Floor coverings that show the master hand or the artist All the beat
factories re^-esented. Ek-slgns are exclusive. Wiltons, Axmlnsters Bodv
Uriels. Vgv£* Tapestry Brussels. Ingrain. Fiber Carpit. Lpnoleum Oil-
cloth and Hatting at Jowcst .prices, sis the following items will show:'
AGATE PEO-BKUSSELS — Thor- BBUSSELS CARPET — A trood
onshly sanitary and moth proof heavy weave in choice ™inrf™.
carpet: reversible: each side a Designs Oriental nil / S
dit>rcnt color effect. The nn and floral. Per yard. H/lAf*
best low-priced carpet on jSfi . . » >*iu.. Of/2w
the market. Per yard v*rw .__^1"*
riBEE CA3PET— The latest thing STB ? S ~ A choice line of ef-
in tloor covering. Suitable for bed- Sf " v l P atte fns. Borders to match,
rooms. Designs very effective. S n 1 lu l ™ p i fi"f • ( T he J5 oft Wending
Colors are cheerful ¦ «f / °{ co . lors e'ves the effect so much
and harmonious. Per 4/7^2C nw , , D after Ji C 1 111/
yard • '-^ Oriental Rugs. Pei» Jk I £./}Ay
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS — With ral " a ******
fwrders to match. A choice se- CARPET SAMPLES These are
lection of designs, both Oriental manufacturers' samples of late
and floral. An excellent x n design, in Brussels, Velvets and
grade. Will give . good O^C Axminsters. Come In yard and
wear. Per yard v^w quarter lengths and make a very
BODY BUcTSSELS — Artistic de- effective rug. Values range pjP
signs. Effective coloring. This is up to J2.25. Special, while /Sf*
a make of carpet thdt is too well thev l* s t * w
r : . . Po . r . y . ar . d .:.: $ 1 «*2^ y ? t T ££: . . s ! ze ? 65c
e45-259GEH8YS& 6N1HE SQUARE
r : ADVgRTISEMjEXTS. -,,-„-. .,-_-,. --r.ru-
and other medals were awarded the Butterick
Fashion Exhibit at the St. Louis World's Fair.
The feature of the Butterick exhibit which won the Grand
\ 7 * Prize at the St. Louis
£ &)*sj|gj^5ll World's Fair was a
m J3 ' jC series of eleven cos-
G q c£ \? tumes, showing the
y O, Sv '¦„ rf£^[fe?&Z^*~^jk it r st yl es n woman's
TtS f " dress during the past
<~ > nr^^§*^^^ig^ century — ten years
° o Si?;:;:^/ apart. These have
.2*3 ! "Ygggg^v I been charmingly
g w ./^£j§g|^^^Jw drawn byAnnaBurn-
2 c 4 ; ifr^i§li§2i=illi^ 3 I nam Westermann,
crt | ' and reproduced with
olo j -=^5^3^ tint in the form ofan
pM js&^J^^-^^^^-K't feet long. It is well
Lgy fr*^gj?gg*CTjY /*E~~~~\ S - worth framing to
*^ J adorn the walls of
p™1 _^-£#n Milady's boudoir,
Lt^ I parlor or den, and
I w^* e mailed, rolled
Ql S without creasing, on
j %fcr Y^ receipt of four cents,
£&4 I to cover postage, etc.
\> I Small outline draw-
1 . 1 r*.'^^^^L^\ * n S s °^ tncsc figures
~^J R gmj$&(p££^l& JC^ y are shown in this ad-
\ I vertisement — they
i_J v * ; give but a hint of the
j^T] Jfj charm of the original
pt^mjf^i t tm\ drawings as shown
g £» . on the panel itself.
> 2 The Delineator stands for the highest degree of ex-
73 g cellence in the portrayal of fashions for' the women of
0 w the- civilized world. This same superiority is shown in ita
£ « treatment of every department of home life.
If v^i
n || ;
J» is the best number we have ever issued — we think — and
'jj *C more than ever proves The Delineator to be "the best
g g of all the magazines published for Woman."
T g The Love Songs from the Wagner Operas have, for the
jJa^ first time, been
*¦"* *** || j^&0&^{ English. Richard Le
iL Mi va*4>z0^SS^P^^ Galliennc has trans-
& Vff l^llSi^lSlS? 5 i lated them wIth a
St — \\ "^g^^^^3t~,K^-;tSv "* charm that will make
*3 "~ J 1 • them endeared for-
-*-» $ yj ! ever. The accom-
j£» W) fej i panying decorations
nj cd i * n c °i° r > by J* c.
G*u / | Leyendecker,aresu-
w / gr^a^^^^^^^^^*^^^ % pcrb,andwellworthy
2 | ofthismasterfeature.
(jj j Other contributors to
1 ' number are : Robert
JT \ Grant, F. Hopkinson
* Ji Smith, Alice Brown, El-
more Elliott Peake, Mary
/^^ *u / c^^^^^^^^^^^'ii Stewart Cutting, L. Frank
p*^ f^L^S^J^-^-^r * c '— j/ rt Baum, the author of "The
H^SiP^r "^fl ! Wizard of Ob," etc., Ju-
K I * :a a g ru<^ cr » Albert Bige-
*yj I l° w Paine, Grace Mac-
pwq| ! Gowan Cooke, Gustav
<r^A^J^S^&9e=^^^^^^-{ Kobbe, Lillic Hamilton
§ ' Frcnch> Dr * Gracc Pcck "
''^CSesS^^^gjSijw f j ham Murray, Florence
Pf\ Earle Coates, Aloysius
23 \ Coll, Carolyu. Wells, Jen-
Q5 / S3^A'V ;:::^5 r f^ x NV . - niePcndlctonEwing. This
N S j issue superb illus-
P*^ Nsp' trarions in color and in black
Qj jf: » i and white, byj. C. Leyen-
decker, Martin Justice, L.
\D <25O~!i^"^^^^T I L D'Emo.PaolJ.Mcylan.S.
f*\ M C3^3S§ifef~S*S^J - 5 Werner, Christine S. Bre-
\J) _ «| sSrsClj^jgiJS**^"'"^ C A din, Herbert Paus, Harry
<^ V Stac'ey Benton, F. Rich-
gfeP^^gv dj&gS^gS and Harry A. Linnell.
1Tn«.l*«A«« D1m#ac* Z-n 4" % <v1s>«m« The midwinter fashions are shown
Fashion Flates in Colors - m proraS ion » ad color and in
black and white. Better this month than ever — as we* promised they would be.
Getting nearer to perfection with each issue — the styles shown this month are
simply temptations — the best way to overcome them is to yield to them.
—^ — -^»
The Delineator maybe secured of your newsdealer, or any Butterick agent, or of the publlstCTS
at 13c. • copy, $1 ayeu. THG BUTTERICK PUBLISHING CO., Ltd.. Butterick B!dg., N.T.A Woman's idea of a woman-hater is
anv man who doesn't admire her
EXHIBITION' OF WATER COLORS.
Miss Helen Hyde's work in Japan. Vlckery
Caller'". 236 Poit st,;. closes Wednesday eve.*
VALENCIA FOUND GUILTY.— PUcido G.
Valencia was tried yesterday for . the second
time before a Jury in. Judge Lawlor's court
on a charre of grand larceny and was con
victed with a recommendation to the mercy
of the court owinr to hl» youth. At the for
mer trial last week the Jury stood seven fcr
conviction end five for acquittal. The/"de
fendant stole h watch from " Fred J. Hurst
Of 1047 Mission street on September 6. He
Trill b* ••ntenced oa Saturday-.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— Changes
in the officers of the First National
Bank of Juneau, Alaska, are an
nounced as follows: CM. Summers,
president, in place of W. T. Summers;
S. G. Holt, acting cashier, in place of
C. M. Summers, .no assistant cashier
in place of S. G. Holt.
Juneau Bnnk Changes Officers.
Mietrasch's sympathy was aroused
and he opened his safe. He had noth
ing but $20 gold pieces, so he gave the
stranger three of them, telling him
that George might need the other ten.
Neither George nor the Chief's alleged
friend has been heard of since.
"Has George come yet?" he asked.
Mietrasch said no, . and. his curiosity
being aroused, he asked the stranger
if anything was wrong. The stranger
muttered that it was too bad and
finally said: "Well. I'm a personal
friend of the Chief of Police, who tells
me that George has been gambling and
lost $50. The Chief has given him to
midnight to make the loss good, other
wise George, poor fellow, will be ar
rested."
Arthur Mietrasch, proprietor of a
restaurant at 4 OS Pacific street, got a
warrant from Police Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of "John Doe" on
a charge of grand larceny. He ex
plained that on Saturday night a
stranger called at his restaurant and
inquired if George was there. He was
informed that George was not there,
but might call at any minute. The
stranger went away, but returned In
half an hour.
Arthur Mfctrascli Parts With His Coin
to an Alleged Friend of the
Chief of Police.
Orders to naval officers: Com
mander C. B. T. Moore will be detach
ed from the navy . yard at Mare
Island,' Cal., on December 15 to Tu
tuila; Samoa; and upon the detailment
of Commander Underwood, will as
sume the' duties of commandant of the
naval station at Tutuila and as com
mariding'omcer o^f the Adams. Com
mander E.B. Underwood will be de
tached from duty as commandant of
the- naval station at Tutuila, Samoa;
and as ' commanding officer of the
Adams on January 15, 1905, to his
home, where he will await orders.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. — First
Lieutenant. Virge E. Sweazey, assistant
surgeon, is relieved from duty at the
United States Army general hospital
at the Presidio at San Francisco, and
will proceed to Fort Mackenzie.
Wyoming, relieving First Lieutenant
Henry ' H. Rutherford, assistant sur
geon, who upon being thus relieved
will proceed to San Francisco for duty
at thf» United States Army general
hospital at the Presidio. Private
Isaac J. Hopkins of troop E, Third
cavalry, Boise Barracks. "Idaho, is
transferred to the hospital corps. He
will be' sent to the Presidio at San
Francisco to be sent on the transport
sailing from San Francisco about De
cember 1, 1904. to Manila., Privates
Lbnnie M. Powers, George Leonhardt
and William T. Kelley of the signal
corps at" Benicia Barracks will- be
sent to Seattle, Wash., reporting upon
his arrival to the commanding officer
of the cable ship Burnside with a view
to service in the Philippine Islands.
Army and Navy Orders.
Schrieber, who is 75 years old, says
he had so much faith in the lawyer
that in March, 1902, they made an
agreement whereby Schrieber was to
sell his claims to Murphy for
$250,000 — $500 down and the
balance out of 25 per cent of
the proceeds of the mine. The plain
tiff says Murphy agreed to* raise
$25,000 to get the mine under opera
tion, but has been unable to interest
capital in the enterprise. He has not
paid the $500 and declined to give up
the bargain, says Schrieber.
A suit to annul an agreement for
the sale of mining property on the
peninsula of Lower California and to
recover the deed and patent to the
claims deposited in the Western Na
tional Bank was begun yesterday by
Jacob Schrieber against J. Luttrell
Murphy and the La Reforma Mining
Company. The complainant says
Murphy wa4 his attorney and repre
sented that he had been engaged in
practice with the late Robert G. In
gersojl in New York.
Jacob Scliricbcr Wants J. L. Murphy
to Surrender Deed for Lower
California Mines.
RESTAURANT MAN EASILY
BUNKOED BY STRANGER
AGED MINING MAX SUES
TO RECOVER HIS PROPERTY
A. J. Plllsbury of Oakland Is the Ru
mored Successor of Recently
Deceased Secretary.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 7. — The state
ment has been made in this city that
A. J. Plllsbury, editor of the Oakland
Herald, will be appointed secretary of
the State Board of Examiners by
Governor Pardee to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Walter S. Me
lick. Governor Pardee was inter
viewed upon the subject, but declined
to have anything to say. The posi
tion Is an Important one, and pays
$3000 a year..
This gave the Chinese gamblers
about an hour and a half of grace and
they made good use of It. Sergeant
Ellis and his squad had received in
structions from Chief Wittman to en
ter every gambling or lottery resort
and if need be break down the doors.
The squad started promptly on time,
but when they entered the resorts they
found that everything of a gambling
nature had disappeared except in one
place on ist. Louis, alley. There they
found gambling paraphernalia and the
five inmates of the room were ar
rested for violating the ordinance
which makes it a misdemeanor to ex
pose gambling paraphernalia to view
in a barricaded room. They were
promptly released on ball.
The injunction had been in force
since January 26 and all these months
the hands of the police were tied. It
was shown by the evidence of Kim
You. president of the Wee Ong Tong,
that the monthly profits from the
tong's gambling resorts was $6000.
Attorney Collinssays he will apply for
another injunction.
The preliminary injunction asked
for by the Wee Ong Tong was denied
by Judge Cook yesterday morning and
the order restraining the police from
entering gambling and lottery places
in Chinatown was vacated, to take ef
fect at "the noon hour.
Police Start in to Raid Gambling: *and
Lottery Resorts, but Their
Success Is Slight.
OAKLAND EDITOR MAY
TAKE MELJCK'S POSITION
CHINATOWN FREED FROM
GRASP OF INJUNCTION
The complaint on which the warrant
was issued vas drawn by Assistant
United States District Attorney Ben
L. McKinley. It contains four counts.
The first count charpes that on August
29, 1904, Wrieht, while acting
st Deputy Collector, embezzled
$25 which had been paid into
the office of the United States
Internal Revenue Collector by J. H.
FORMEB INTERNAL REVENUE 1
DEPUTY COLLECTOR WHO SUR
EEXDEnED TO V. S. MARSHAU :
George A. Wright, formerly Chief
Deputy Internal Revenue Collector,
appeared at 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon before United States Commission
er James S. Manley and surrendered
himself Into the custody of Deputy
United States Marshal George C. Burn
ham, Wright having been notified that
the Commissioner had issued a war
rant for his arreFt. Judson C. Brusie.
egent for the Etna Security Company,
nJed a bond for J5O0Q for Wright's ap
pearance on November 14 before Unit
ed States Commissioner E. H. Hea
cock.
Lang as a special tax as a retail liquor
dealer. The second count charges that
on April IS, 1904. Wright embezzled ?100
which had been paid by Spruance,
Stanley & Co. as a special tax. The
remaining counts eharare that the sums
named were embezzled by Wright in
his capacity as an assistant to Internal
Revenue Collector John C. Lynch.
Wright was attended by his father.
E. T. Wright of Los Angeles, who has
been for years an Intimate friend of
Collector Lynch. After the bond had
been filed the prisoner was released
from custody. He said he would have
no difficulty in proving himself inno
cent of the charges.
Roncovieri said the resolution recit
ing that it is "against. sound public
policy to submit the amendments at a
special election" was equivalent to the
Supervisors setting themselves up above
the State constitution, which makes
mandatory the submission of the prop
ositions in view of the fact that 20,009
electors had signed the petitions there
for.
"The argument • that only a small
number of voters turned out at the
last special election is not a good one,"
said Roncovieri. "Give the voters a
chance to express their preference on
the proposals. The amendments will
benefit the School Department, whose
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
decline^ to submit to the voters the
six proposed charter amendments af
fecting the Public School Department
at a special election on January 5, 1905,
as requested by the Board of Educa
tion. Instead, the first named board
adopted resolutions providing for the
submission at the general election of
November 6, 1906, the Bix school pro
posals In addition to the other twenty
two charter amendments which the
Supreme Court decided could not be
submitted at to-day's election because
the time that must elapse, between
elections on charter amendments
has not expired. Action was taken
on the recommenda'tion of the Joint
Committee on Finance, Utilities and
Amendments, which reported that It
is against bound public, policy to sub
mit the amendments at a special elec
tion.
Majority of Supervisors
Tote to Submit Charter
Amendments Nov. 6, 1906
WILL NOT HOLD
EXTRA ELECTION
"If you consider this a blow," said
Roncovieri, "why don't you take It
now— and in the neck?"
"If that remark Is meant as the pre
cursor of attacks to come I welcome
It," said Brandenstein. " and consider
it the sincerest tribute that could be
paid to me as a city official."
Lunstedt's motion to fix the date of
election for the school amendments on
January 10. 190?, was voted on thus:
Ayes — Alpers. Bent. Boxton. Finn.
Lunstedt, Rea— €: noes — Booth, Bran
denstein. Braunhart, Connor, Comte.
D'Ancona, Hocks. Eggers, McClellan,
Rock, Sanderson— 11; absent, Payot— 1.
The board then adopted the resolu
tion fixing the general election of No
vember 6, 1906. as the date for submit
ting the amendments.
buildings are th* laughing stock of
th« world. The sanitary conditions
are deplorable."
Mrs. J. L. Buraslde and Miss E. Moors
of the Civic League urged favorable
action by the board.
Supervisor Braunhart argued that
the alleged evasion of the constitu
tion was raising a false issue. He
thought the Supervisors could use
their t judgment.
Supervisor Lunstedt thought the peo
ple should be allowed to vote.
Supervisor Brandensteln rose to a
defense of his colleagues. He said the
real issue was whether the control of
the schools should be taken from the
Supervisors.
. William Cooper and George Rooney,
fourteen-year-olds,; and Eugene
Sarinquet, two-years their ; senior,; are
accused by Patrolmen McGrane and
Cottle of having waylaid a newspaper
Bill was in the midst of his per
formance last Saturday evening when
the policeman — a new one on ' that
beat; "of course— shattered time-hon
ored usage by escorting him to prison
instead . of to his ; domicile. Judge
Mogan, however, dealt more consid
erately, with the maker of innocent
merriment ' for a neighborhood by dis
missing him with a reprimand.
Neighbors testified that Bill O'Brien
worked in a coalyard six days a week
and invariably celebrated the eve of
his rest day by getting drunk and
playing such pranks as to make him
a creator of much entertainment as
well as a source of considerable an
noyance to the vicinage of Eighth and
Brannan streets. Little boys espe
cially look forward with pleasurable
anticipation to Bill's Weekly inebriety,
and never fail to, derive much amuse
ment from his antics. "Here comes
Bill O'Brien," they gleefully shout
when he/hoves in sight each Satur
day evening, and as he tacks . un
steadily toward his home. 8 Kate
street, his comical bellowings and
grotesque cavortings keep them in
convulsions of laughter.
Peter Johnson beat his wife, was
arrested, save bail and failed to ap
pear when his case was called in De
partment 1. A policeman reported
that Mr. Johnson was. drunk when"
he provoked .arrest and had remained
in that condition until yesterday
morning, which led to the inference
that he had forgotten his engagement
in court Bail was forfeited and
bench warrant issued.
"That's right, Judge," was her in
dorsement of the officer's story. "This
town of yours is too gay for me. Af
ter the trouble I got Into, goodness
knows what has become of my hus
band. I suppose he's murdered or
something. But they'll find him a
tougher proposition than I ever knew
how to be. Why, he licked four po
licemen and three bartenders all in a
bunch just before we left Toledo.
When he's poked up there's things
doing, sure."
She received the Judge's order of
dismissal with less gratitude than
might have been expected. "It has
cost me two nights in jail and twen
ty dollars for a lawyer that was of no
earthly use," she said, "but thank you
just the same."
She was arrested for disorderly
conduct on Kearny street last Satur
day, and to the policeman she con
fided that she had started out with
her husband to see the town, but had
lost him somewhere, and was seeking
him when she was provoked to un
ladylike behavior by the jeers of some
persons who apparently regarded her
as a fit subject for coarse badinage.
Ella Myrtle Wilcox rrore a crimson
Tarn O'Shanter hat and a military
Jacket heavily freighted with gilt but
tons as she promised to return to
Toledo, Ohio, and remain there till
the close of her earthly career. .
"Just to think of it," she mur
mured, reflectively; "after living
twenty-seven years, nine of them mar
ried, and never being 'pinched' till I
struck 'Frisco. Goodness knows what
my friends in Toledo will think of me
when I tell them about It."
When a belated passer-by told her
that he whom she sought had depart
ed an hour previously on a street car
that was headed in a direction oppo
site to that in which she was to meet
him, faith fled, patience succumbed
and she was obsessed by the rage of
a woman scorned. The window
smashing ensued. Her arrest was fol
lowed by restoration of reason, and
she found that her love for P. J.
Murphy had turned to loathing. No,
indeed; she would never trouble him
again. She was glad. In fact, that
the man's character was revealed to
her ere she became indissolubly at
tached to him. He would never cost
her another thought — not even if she
were to meet him face to face. The
Judge could depend on her for that.
The Judge evidently did depend on
her, for he issued an order of dis
missal. ,
Miss Josie Murphy declared it was
P. J. Murphy's failure to keep tryst
that provoked her to smash a window
of his wetgoods emporium at Eighth
and Harrison streets last Saturday
night. "If he hadn't broken his
word," s«he informed Police Judge
Mogan, "I wouldn't have broken his
glass."
Despite the similarity of their sur
names, the lady went on to explain,
there is no blood He between Mr. Mur
phy and herself. For some time prior
to her arrest they were sweethearts,
and she gauged his faithfulness by
her fealty, which was tenacity Itself*
It was this unquestioning trust of
her's that made his recreancy so bit
ter. He suggested that they fore
gather at a certain place after his
day's work was finished and he could
indulge in dalliance without sacrific
ing business. At the prescribed min
ute she was on the appointed spot.
He was not there, however, nor did
he appear after she had made more
than reasonable allowance for his
absence. Then she went to his store,
hoping to find he was detained there
by reluctance to refuse money. To
her horror, the place was in darkness
and the doors locked. Still declining
to believe he had willfully Jilted her,
she rapped the door panels until her
knuckles were as sore as her heart.
F. H. Huber, who manages a book
store on Kearny street, could not prove
that/ Edward Perry victimized him by
working the "change trick." and Judge
Cabaniss dismissed the case. The prose
cution tried to show that Mr. Perry's
failure to obtain some dollars to which
he was not entitled was entirely owing
to Mr. Huber's vigilance and obduracy.
James V. Miller (colored) also pro
nounced his arrest an Invasion of per
sonal rights. He^ad a loaded pistol in
his hand and was wandering in the
ferry station when a policeman over
hauled him. Asked what he meant by
displaying the deadly weapon, he said
he was seeking a Democrat.
"How about this charge. Mr. Miller?"
Judge Mogan inquired.
"Dis yah chawge am flxtlshlous," was
the answer, delivered with warmth.
"Ise no assasslnatah, sah, but a Pull
man pohtah, an' carry de gun fo' mah
pussunal proteckshun on de road."
"The policeman says you were drunk
and seeking the life-blood of a Demo
crat."
"Ah'll confess dat I hed sumfln ter
drink camin' obah on de boat, but I
mus' kenterdick dat statement 'bout
wantln' ter kill a Democrat. Some ob
mah bes' friens am ob de Democratic
persuashlon. No, sah, Ise no assassin
atah. De chawge am flxtishious."
Remanded for sentence to-day.
* * *
J. A. H. Umbach, accused with
George Farmer of robbing G. A: Glock
er at an early hour the other morning
in the latter's apartment, waxed indig
nant when the prosecution moved fora
postponement of the hearing. ;
"I desire to be tried right now," said
Mr. Umbach. Then, pointing a right
index finger at the complainant, he ex
claimed dramatically, "It is a shame
that a rascal like that should be al
lowed to injure a man's reputation by
having him brought into court."
Despite the protest the case was con
tinued till to-morrow, when it will be
trl^d in Department No. 1.
• • •
R. P. Hale of 411 Minna street ao
cused Miss 'Alllene Hill of having pur
loined from him one diamond ring and
presented it to a rival for her affection.
She is charged with grand larceny, and
the man^to whom she gave the ring is
also in prison, but the police do not
know what to do with him. as he did
not participate in* the actual theft of
the bauble, which, by the way, he Is
supposed to have hidden somewhere.
The case will be heard to-morrow by
Judge Mogan.
Noah Flood, who once served this
city and county as Assistant District
Attorney, was arrested for sleeping in
Union square at 7 o'clock- yesterday
morning. He pleaded that he went into
the park in order to obtain an unob
structed view of the sunrise and while
seated upon a bench awaiting the day
orb's appearance he dropped into slum
ber. Patrolman J. Maloney, however,
testified that the extinguished jurist
was drunk. Judge Mogan dismissed
the case with a reprimand to the de
fendant.
For cruelly beating John Oleson's
horse Mrs. Laura Becker will be sen
tenced to-day by Judge Fritz. Mr. Ole
son testified that the woman hammered
the animal's head with a heavy rake,
inflicting several deep cuts. The de
fense claimed that the horse not only
trespassed on Mrs. Becker's property,
but also chased her little daughter. The
court thought that the attack was not
warranted by the alleged provocation.
Michael McCarthy, 23 years of
age,, who has earned for himself the
title of "Terror of Bernal Heights,"
will have his reign interrupted next
sentence day in Judge Mogan's court.
He has been arrested several times
for disorderly conduct and is com
plained of as a neighborhood pest.
• • •
carrier at Ninth and Market streets
last Sunday morning and robbed him
of $7. The testimony, will be heard
next Thursday in Department 1.
BY J. C. CRAWFORD.
Her Love Has Changed to Scorn
Deputy Registrar Zemansky explained
to the committee that J. G. Ramsey had
been appointed caretaker of the voting
machines, which he had put in condi
tion for election day, pending the certi
fication of a civil service eligible for the
position.
The committee postponed action on
the proposed ordinance regulating side
walk elevators, and directed the in
spector thereof not to enforce the exist
ing ordinance.
The committee decided to investigate
the status of the claim of the city
against ex-Treasurer Widber, who mis
appropriated $116,000. On Monday morn
ing the Investigation begins.
The committee began an inquiry into
the question of whether or not the
State or the city has the right to assess
the San Mateo road, but desisted when
Informed by City Attorney Long that
the matter would come up in court on
November 14 next. The attorney for the
road said he did not know whether the
taxes would be paid under protest.
The Geary Street Railway Company
paid $736 46 into the city treasury, be
ing 6 per cent of its gross receipts for
October.
Michael Casey, John E. McDougald
and J. Copus urged that the dome of
the City Hall be lighted for five nights
during the convention of the American
Federation of Labor, to be held in this
city beginning November 14 next, and
the committee acquiesced. The flag
poles will be erected on Market street
from Second to Sixth and decorated for
the occasion.
Tax Collector Edward J. Smith ap
peared before the Finance Committee
and urged the printing of a form of
protest against the payment of the tax
levied for the redemption of and inter
est on the new bond issue. Smith stated
that the legality of the tax was before
the courts, and he thought the small
taxpayer should be afforded every
facility to file formal written protest
against the tax in order that it might
be returned in the event that the tax
is declared illegal. The committee or
dered that the forms be printed. As
sessor Dodge will also furnish the legal
form of protest.
• The question of accommodations fur
nished by the company to the public
the Finance Committee decided was
within the province of the Street Com
mittee, and the matter of sanitation
was referred to the Health Committee.
At this point Chairman Connor of the
Street Committee agreed to take up all
phases of the inquiry, and It was so
ordered.
The committee agreed to this line of
inquiry, but refused to go into thre sys
tem of accounting used by the com
pany. . .
"The company should also answer as
to what, If any, franchises they claim
to hold under which they are not op
erating cars," said Troy. "Then it
should be compelled to tell whether it
claims any franchises on Post street
from Taylor to Kearny, ;on Stockton
and Bush streets and on Grant avenue,
and also as to the number of cars op
erated."
"The point has been legitimately
raised as to whether the United Rail
j-oads has forfeited any of its fran
chises by reason of nonuse," said Bran
(Jensteln. "The right to use curves at
Post and Kearny streets and at Fulton
street and Eighth avenue are subjects
of legitimate inquiry, and the company
should make reply on all of these
points."
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday arranged for the holding of
an inquiry by the Street Committee into
the operations of the United Railroads
relative to Its franchises and the char
acter of its service, upon which E. P. E.
Troy has propounded a long list of
questions to which he wants the cor
poration to reply. Troy wanted the in
quiry to take In the alleged overcapi
talization of the company's properties.
Supervisor d'Ancona said the question
of fares and finances would be a sub
ject that would take a long time to look
into, whether it would be justified or
not.
Collector Smith Adopts a
Form of Protest Against
Lew for the Bond Issue
Hiss Josie Murphy Smashes Pane
In Resentment of Being Jilted
AIDS SMALL TAXPAYER
Deputy Collector
Wright Is Arrested
PRISONER PROMPTLY FURNISHES BOND
Declares His Innocence and Will
Appear on Next Monday.
BROKEN TRYST MAKES
BROKEN GLASS.
DEFINES SCOPE
OF AN INQUIRY
«
Finance Committee Agrees
on Line of Questions for
United Railroads to Answer
THE SAX .FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, 1904.
5
PRAGERS
*'* s * s * t * t **^'*^'****^-^^^-~-**r-H~^f'v-\r^rv-^^ — i.i-injyu-i_n.
9 There Will Be
I "Something Doing" at* Pragers
1 1 O"JL^flV
I 'Don't Miss It.
a Largest AL^ ) Extra-
|| Depart- I J &**&>& <&&*£& ordinary
ment +^%W\\%%7$ Specials
I sto r e ( ; J naU
rmyicTORi
I iii— Victorious^— I
B ... • • ¦• . '.¦%:., g
0 .^ 'ixSJaEi tmK^-^t n
m Q jfrtrfSrf*^^^ ISC T, j&)k \ •
D Mr* ¦_ _-^- MI rru t K&W.. 1 ¦
K i ft liwJaMHflliKflHlfTfnT I fmml^ s^ m '^ g
¦ t-;? : ¦¦":V Z r}^^' 1 "'' : ¦ ' ?
£3 The following telegram received by us yesterday tells q
B its own story : *j
g "PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 7, 1904. S
1 "SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., San Francisco, Cal. " §
B "The Victor has been awarded the Grand Prize over all 0
a other Talking Machines at the St. Louis Exposition, which is Q
¦ the first prize and highest award given. » a
5 "VICTOR TALKING MACHINE CO." 5
BB » - , 5
H This again proves and emphasizes- the fact that the Victor g
B Talking Machine is superior to all others' in* the fidelity and ¦
¦ purity with which it reproduces the most delicate musical J
B tones and all the variations of the human voice. d
El Prices # rangc from $17.50 to $65.00. Easy payments. a
1 Sherman, Cl£y ®> Go. [
S -Kearny and-SutterSts., San Francisco. s
1 13th and Broadway, - -Oakland. n
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniii" 1111111111111111111
AD VEKTISEMEXTS^
m m^ lis Cap Labe * ||
Ira Is a guarantee cf the purify S3
jp-jji and richness of our §3
II Brand M
H Evaporated a
H Cream m
E2 to STr/cne able to prove Jig
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter cf a century
PREPARED BY
' ' cf & <£*™>.&3>.£PLEASANTON, Nov. 7. — Burglars
entered the butcher-shop of C. F.
Morse at Pleasanton last night and
stole $75 worth of meat, which they
carried away in a wagon. The marks
of the wagon wheels were found In
front of the shop, this morning.
When the crime was "discovered this
morning the proprietor at once noti
fied Constable Locke of the burglary.
After an investigattion the constable
reported that he had a clew to the
thieves and expected soon to catch
them.
Arrest oMndlan Chief Exposes Three
31 orders by Members of..
,IHs Tribe.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 7.— Thre«
murders have been disclosed among
the Indians of British Columbia as the
result of the arrest of Chief Sivihid- of
the Northern Indians. He told how
two Indians who desired to give a pot
latch killed an Indian girl and robbed
her of $200 that they might 'use the
money for .their festivities. He also
told of the killing of a white man and
another Indian two years ago by the
same Indians for the same purpose.
FELL FROM -A STAGING— Ernest VmC
werk,' a carpenter, fell from a stagine'en a.
building at Filbert and Webster streets yes
terday, breaking the bone of his left leg below
the knee. His injuries were treated at th«
Emergency Hospital by Dr. Plnkbani.
COMMIT CRIME TO RAISE
FUNDS FOR FESTIVITIES
LOS i ANGELES, Nov. 7.— Rev. E. E.
Plannette, whose arrest here one
Sunday night a year ago, after his
church service, y for stealing potted
plants, and subsequent commitment to
the Southern California State Hospital
for the Insane at Patton resulted in a
tragedy and sensation, has again come
before the public. He was released
from. the institution as cured; but has
now been committed to an asylum at
Marshall, Iowa. He had preached twice
there and his strange pulpit manners
led to comment, which made him vio
lent.
At Patton Plannette's wife alleged he
received cruel treatment. at the hands
of Dr. Doland and this brought about
the recent investigation which led to
Superintendent Doland's dismissal and
sudden death at Riverside and the sub
sequent suicide and shortage confession
of Secretary. Clark. . . •. . .
Minister In Whose Path Followed
Death and Tragedy Committed
in Iowa.
PREACHER PLAXXETTE .
IN THE ASYLUM AGAIN
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7. — The following
marriage licenses .were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Bert L. Quayle,
over 21, Oakland, and Nellie Quayle,
over 18. Montpelier, Vt.; John Hesse',
20, San Francisco, and Stella Julien,
20, Frultvale; Albert B. Strock, over
21, Sacramento, and Annie Klllebrew,
over 18, Dixon; George Albert Sever
ance, 48, and Laura Anderson, 29, Al
lendale; Henry T. Smyth, 34, and. Jo
hanna Hellene Fitter, 24, both of San
Leandro; Anders G. Carlson, 41, and
Amanda C. Lagerqulst, 31," both of San
Francisco.
A lot of silks and cigars were dis
covered underneath several tons of
rice in the provision room. The
seizure Is one of the largest made in
Tacoma on any steamer from the
Orient.
TACOMA, Nov. 7. — About $2000
worth of undeclared dutiable goods
were' confiscated on board the steam
ship Tremont by the revenue officers.
Silk, canton linen. Chinese laces and
cigars are included in the big haul.
The articles seized were found In
every conceivable place aboard the
vessel.
Tacoraa Officials Confiscate About
$2000 Worth of Dutiable and
Undeclared Goods.
Louis Schaffer, a stableman, turned
up as the man who sent it to Northey,'
but Schaffer said he bought the buggy
from Ben Wright, another stableman,
Wright declares he purchased It from
one Camden. At this point Judge
Samuels - continued the ,'case..i;ithat
Camden- might 1 - be found. .-His-Honor
said he should- be glad to have. Sher
lock Holmes ' Bit with him' .. " the
hearing. ¦ -i\ . " ; , *¦
OAKLAND, Nov. 7. — "Who owns
this buggy?" is the question Police
Judge George Daniels finds himself
unable to answer. Search warrant
proceedings were began against V. S.
Northey, a carriage builder, at 801
East Twelfth street, to recover . a
buggy, valued at $90, which Northey
was repairing. F. R. Ross, secretary
of the -Oakland Carriage and Imple
ment- Company, swore he had.sdld
the " buggy • to one Joe Watson, who
had paid -.$20 on the purchase; price
and sold. the rig. ; ¦;:•*,-? s
Court Wants Fabled Detective to Aid
in Unraveling Mystery of Its
Ownership.
SHERLOCK HOLMES NEEDED
TO T1LACK Tins BUGGY
POSTOFFICE CLOSES AT NOON—Oak
land. Not. 7. — The Postofflc* will close at nooa
to-morrow. There will be one morning <!elrv
ery of mail.
RETURNS FROM EUROPE.— Oakland. Xov
T. — W. H. Martin, a well-known merchant of
this city, haj Ju«t returned home after a six
months' tour in Europe, during which he Tis-
Ited England. Ireland and France.
SILKS, LACES AND CIGARS
FOUND OX THE TREMOXT
HOLDS MEMORIAL SERVICE.— Oakland,
Nov. 7. — The Toung Women's Christian Asso
ciation he'fl menu/rial service ye«ter«!ay at
. Awoclatloa Hall. 142* Frar.klln street. In mem
ory' of the late Mir. Ar.f.n Earstow, a charter
T.-.«.r:.Ur and former treasurer of the organiza
tion. After bric-f eddr<-tst» by airs. 1>. W.
Ga»klll. Mrs. William Kirk. Mr«. Eliza "Wolf
enden. XJrs. Amis. Dr. Van Kirk and oth
ers, r**olutlon« of reei>ect and sympathy were
BERKELEY, Nov. 7. — Arthur C.
King, a millionaire tea importer of
Chicago and Detroit, died yesterday
at his beautiful home on Channing
way, near Waring street. His body
will be sent to Detroit for interment-
Mr. King was 59 years old. His
house in Chicago imported %9,000,
000 worth of tea annually, and it was
to enlarge this business by the
founding of a branch in San Fran
cisco that the merchant came to the
coast six months ago with his
son, A. T. King. He built a palatial
residence in Berkeley.
Arthur C. King, Head of Great 3Ier
cantlle House, Passes Away in
Palatial Home.
WEALTHY TEA IMPORTER
DIES AT BERKELEY
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 7.— No addi
tional shortages have been discovered
in the accounts of J. F. Danforth, local
disbursing officer of the United States
Geological Survey, who has been miss
ing from his home in this city for sev
eral days, and for whom the Federal
officers are supposed to be searching.
Danforth's known shortage up to the
present time aggregates $1672, most of
which amount was secure(T*on a check
signed by himself and drawn on the
United States Sub-Treasury at New
York, Three other checks are missing
from the order-book, and these could
have been filled out and signed by Dan
forth for any amount he chose. The
Sub-Treasury has been notified of the
numbers of the checks. and they will
be refused payment when presented.
So far no trace of them has been found.
Danforth is secured in the Aetna In
demnity Company in the sum of $25,000,
and the officer in charge of the local
office of the survey expressed confi
dence that the amount would more
than cover any shortage that could
possibly develop.
Danforth, who was a young man and
unmarried, had been in the civil serv
ice for several years, and was fully
trusted. Nothing has been iearned of
his whereabouts since the ( day of his
disappearance. •'
City Electrician G. A. Wiese, in com
pliance with a request from 1 the City
Trustees, filed his written resignation
to-night, the same to go into effect
between now and the first of Decem
ber. An application for Wiese's posi
tion was read from Anson W. George.
No action was taken to-night on the
dlsbandment of the volunteer hose
companies, as Trustee^ C. J. Hammond
of the Police and Fire Committee
stated that he desired further time
to investigate the plan of reorganiza
tion. ' . ' ¦ ¦
Protests from the civic section of the
Adelphlan Club and the Alameda Ad
vancement Association against the mu
tilation of shade trees were read and
referred to the Pallce Committee.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 7.— Oakland scav
engers will no longer be permitted to
haul and dump their garbage in Ala
meda, as the City Trustees to-night
ordered the City Attorney to draft an
ordinance to prohibit the bringing of
outside waste and filth into the muni
cipality.
Fritz Boehmer appeared on behalf
of the scavengers and asserted that the
garbage was being utilized , to improve
the Bay Farm Island without cost,
and that -the material dumped along
the highway was not unsanitary. Trus
tee W. M. Bowers. replied to Boehmer
that It was not a question of cheap
road construction, but a matter that
concerned the general health of the
community. He alleged that the
former dumps on Webster street had
been the cause of several cases of ty
phoid fever. Bowers moved and Trus
tee B. E. Combs seconded the motion
instructing the City Attorney to pre
pare a prohibitive ordinance against
the carting of outside garbage into the
city. . :. v^;--.^*:'
OAKLAND, Nov. 7. — J. Sherman
MacDowcll, cashier of the Tribune
Publishing Company, was the recipient
to-day of .a beautiful wedding gift
from the company's 6tan*.ln the form
of a. set of elaborate tableware and
table linen. After the presentation
congratulations were ehowered upon
Mr. MacDowell. His marriage with
Myra Loralne Frlcrson will take' place
Wednesday evening. * ' V."
Weddlnsr Gift Presentation.
Town Decides Xot to Allow
Oakland to Bring In and
Dump Any Outside Waste
Disbursing Officer Danfortli
of < Geological Survey in
Los Angeles Is Missing
OAKLAND, Nov. 7. — To have a
Jallbreaker in the same buggy with
you, and that a child of twelve years
of age, and yet not know it, was the
fate of Deputy Sheriff White to-day
while out hunting for Arthur Fred
erick, who succeeded in spreading
the bars of the County Jail here Sat
urday night and getting away.
White's chagrin was increased by the
fact that the family dog tore a new
pair of trousers.
White picked up a lad in his
search whom he asked to take him to
the Frederick home. The b'oy hap
pened to be the one he was looking
for, but he gave a false name, and
then when the Sheriff went into the
house he ran through the yard' and
over the back fence. The mother
pointed to the disappearing form of
her young hopeful in answer to
White's query and the deputy went
in pursuit. The bulldog in the back
yard then took & hand in the matter.
White came out second best and lost
all trail of his quarry. <¦> ;
Twelve-Year-Old Arthur Frederick
Rides With His Pursuer and at
Opportune Moment Escapes.
ALAMEDA SAIS
"NO GARBAGE"
CASHIER GONE;
FUNDS SHORT
BOY JAILBREAKER IS TOO
KEEN FOR DEPUTY SHERIFF
GETS A DIVORCE.— Oakland. Nov. 7.—
Hanna C. Helander obtained a divorce to-day
from John F. Helander on the ground of cruel
ty. She also got the custody of their minor
child. The Helanders were married In 1890.
FRANK J. MOFFITT IMPROVING.—Oak
land, Nov. • 7. — Frank J. Moffltt. formerly
State Senator, who has been eerlously 111 for
two weeks. Is improving. He Is still weak.
but the crisis is said to be- over.
AMERICANS TO GIVE BALUr-Oakland.
Nov. 7. — The members of Lincoln Assembly,
Order of Americans, will giva a banquet and
ball at Lorin Hall. Berkeley, on Friday even
ing, November 19.
DIES AT ADVANCED AGE. — Oakland. Nov.
7. — John Sythe, who recently came to Oakland
from Sulsun. died to-day at his home, 1568
Linden street, at the age of 80 years, leaving
several children. The remains will be sent to
Sulsun for Interment.
STRUCK BT WOMAN. — Oakland. Nov. 7. —
Fred Mathew, a lather living at 637 Clay
street, had a number of scalp woun-la dressed
at the Receiving Hospital this morning, the
result of having a bottle, broken over his head.
He said that a woman with whom he had
been drinking In Redwood canyon struck him.
He had lost a large quantity of blood. Many
stitches were needed to close the cuts.
"WILL. HOLD OPEN MEETING.— Oakland.
Nov. 7. — G. W. Dickie, superintendent of the
Union Iron Works, and Prank M. Todd. edi
tor of a commercial publication of San Fran
cisco, will discuss "Ship Subsidizing" at an
open meeting of the Starr King Fraternity
Thursday evening, November 10. at the First
L'nltarium Church. Tickets may be procured
free of charge at Smith Brothers' book store.
WILL. SERVE CHICKEN DINNER.—Oak
land, Nov. 7. — The Ladles' Aid Society of the
Frultvale Presbyterian Church will serve a
chicken dinner in the building at tbe corner
of Fruitvale avenue and Hopkins street on
election day for the benefit of the church. The
following members will have charge: Mrs. K. F.
Hill, Mrs. H. C. Stlllwell. Mrs. A. Hill. Mrs.
McKinley, Mrs. Welch, Mrs. Prout and Mrs.
Seaman.
OAKLAND NEWS.
Police Judge Mortimer Smith said
It was a case where judgment might
well be suspended. His Honor, by
reason cf hU poeition, could not stamp
with Judicial approval the technical
offense that young Steele had com
mitted, but there was a strong Intima
tion that If Steele had not" done exact
ly what he did do his reputation for
manliness might have suffered. Steele
went urpunlthed by the court.
OAKLAND. Nov. 7. — Stanley Steele,
20 year« old. roundly thrashed a
VinajEher" who had Insulted two young
•women whom Steele was escorting
home. In the mlx-up the "masher"
escaped, but Steele wa» unfortunate
enough to land la the City Prison-
The young man explained the drcum
etancea when he pleaded guilty to-day
in the Police Court.
Stanley Stede Pleads Guilty la Police
Court, but explanations Lead Judge
to Suspend Judgment.
Judge Smith ordered the past rec
ord to be blotted out, that the young
woman should have every, induce
ment to continue in well-doing.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7. — Three months
under the care of Mies Anita Whitney
of the Associated Charities have
worked wonders with Annie Saville,
16 years old, who had been pro
nounced a hopeless case by the po
lice. The girl had been a frequenter
of saloons and low resorts. The girl
was turned over to Miss Whitney by
Police Judge Mortimer Smith. Miss
Saville appeared before his Honor
this morning, her term of probation
having expired.
"I am highly gratified to know
from reliable report that you have
mended your ways and have com
pletely reformed," said Judge Smith.
"You are on the right road now and
there is no reason why you should
not become a useful member of so
ciety and a source of much satisfac
tion to all who have an interest in
your welfare." - : ;
Subject of a Commendatory
Speech by Judco Smith.
Reformation of Annie Saville Forms
YOUNG WOMAN WINS THE
APPROVAL OF THE COURT
TROUNCES A "MASHER"
AND GO13 UNPUNISHED
OAKLAND, Nov. 7. — C. F. Hickey,
a charter member of Oakland Lodge
No. 171, B. P. O. E., died this morn-
Ing at his home, 545 Sycamore
street, at the age of 50. Mr. Hickey
was a native of California and was
the senior member of the firm of C.
F. Hickey & Co., 361 Thirteenth
street. He was unmarried. TBe fu
neral will be held to-morrow from
the St. Francis de Sales Church, at
10 a. m., under the auspices of the
local lodge of Elks.
Charter 3iember of Elks Dead.
HAYWARDS, Nov. 7.— The Roose
velt-Fairbanks Republican Club of
Haywards closed the campaign in
Alameda County to-night with a rous
ing rally and smoker at the Haywards
Opera-house. When Chairman H. C.
Brunner introduced the first .speaker
the large auditorium was packed to
the doors. Before the meeting the
Foresters' band gave a concert.
¦ Attorney Asa V. Mendenhall, the
speaker of the evening, predicted a
sweeping victory for the Republican
ticket and urged the voters tp aid
in giving a big majority, not only for
the heads of the ticket, Roosevelt and
Fairbanks, but for the local candi
dates as well. A short address, the
last of his campaign, was made by
Joseph R. Knowland, candidate for
Congressman for the Third Congres
sional District. Short talks were
made by C. A. Snook, E. K. Strow
bridge, P. J. Crosby and F. I. Lennox.
HAYWARDS CAMPAIGN CLOSES.
Attorney A. V. Mendenliall Addresses
Kntlihsiastic Audience.
Th« Democratic party consists of three sep
arate wings; the Northwestern radical Demo
crats; the South, and the Northeastern Demo
crates represented by Tammany. The party
at present consists only of the Northeastern
and Southern elements, which were joined by
Hill, an adroit politician and a crafty and
dangerous man. -Theoretically the Democrats
have a strong case, but Parker made two se
rious mistakes when he eald that the trusts
should be treated under the common law, and
that the tariff could not be changed, even if
he were elected. The charge of Imperialism
eeeme to be their strong point. Their last
charge is one against Cortelyou of dishonest
pressure on the corporations. Roosevelt has
denied this, and his word is as good as »4d.
I have met Mr. Parker, and he is a mar. of
m&rnetlo personality and a clean, old-fanh
loned Democrat, but not a fighter and not a
man of deep convictions.
Our two great partiei have really become
parts of the constitution, though they are not
written down as such, and It Is only through
their agency that all parts of the government
can run smoothly. Every patriotic citizen
Bhould affiliate with one or the other. While
we should not blindly follow a party In local
elections. In national elections It should be
the party, the doctrine, and not the man, for
Which we should vote,. . .
The Republtpan party ,ha«. not, been very
strong in theory. If has often tended to rep
resent the well-to-do class. But it has al
ways been able to do things and do them
right. • .
It Is generally thought extremely dangerous
to talk about either religion or politics In a
Bute university. But I think that a Kudy
of practical politics Is entirely in place In a
university if we put aside prejudice and par
tisan passion. If our college men are not
trained to take part In government what ben
efit has the State derived by educating them?
Our institutions are based on the presumption
that patriotism exists, and they will work
properly only when there is patriotism to guide
them.
In hl» weekly lecture before the Col
lege of Commerce Btudents to-day
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler made
a good campaign epeech on the sub
ject of to-morrow's election. He told
what should be an educated man's
duty. He urged all the students who
were of age to vote and those who
were not to take an interest in poli
tics as soon as they should be of age.
He Eaid parties were both necessary
and valuable in carrying on the Gov
ernment and that every man should
affiliate himself with one or the other.
President Wheeler then gave his
personal estimate of each party, saying
first that he did not feel himself free
to be allied with any. He character
ized the Republican party as a party
without many theories of government,
but at present the greatest party the
country ever had in getting things
done and in getting them done right.
The Democratic party, President
Wheeler thought, was too broken up
and divided within itself to have any
definite policy and simply represented
the opposition to the Republicans. The
Socialist party, he said, should not be
condemned by an educated man with
out a hearing; the Prohibitionist he
did not deem national, and he did not
regard the Populist as of any value
whatever.
President Wheeler said in part:
Berkeley Office Ban Pranclsoo Call,
2143 Center Street, Nov. 7.
Dr. Collinge is endeavoring to locate
relatives of Mrs. Eitten in Los Angeles
and expects to hear from them to-mor
row.
Coroner H. B. Mehrmann has set the
inquest in both cases for "Wednesday
evening at 7 o'clock. The crew of the
train which ran down the women will
be summoned to give evidence, as will
also Dr. Collinge, his son and daughter,
who narrowly escaped meeting the fate
that befell the two women. Dr. Col
linge is at a loss to explain why Mrs.
Matheson and Mrs. Eitten did not hear
the train rushing upon them from be
hind. The women were walking close
to the track and engaged in conversa
tion when the bumper of the locomo
tive struck them, hurling them both
from ' the track and fracturing their
skulls. Percy Collinge, a son of Dr.
Collinge, was close to the women when
the locomotive struck them, and it was
the impact of their bodies that knocked
him to the macadam, causing him to
sustain a fracture of the nose and a
sprained ankle.
Deputy Coroner James Fowler and
Dr. J. A. Colllnge, the latter of whom
was with the women when they met
death, got into communication to-day
with Malcom Matheson, husband of one
of the victims of the fatality, .and 'he
was expected to arrive here to-night
from Redding, where he is engaged in
mining, but he failed to come. August
Matheson of 1741 Russell street. Berke
ley, a brother-in-law of Mrs. Leona
•Matheson. informed Deputy Coroner
Fowler that his brother would arrange
for the disposition of his wife's re
mains.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 7.— Thus far none
o£ the relatives of Mrs. Leona Mathe
son and Mrs. M. B. Eitten, the women
who were killed by a South Side local
train last evening, have visited the
Morgue, where the bodies lie, to claim
the remains.
Henry Kramer and Ida B. Kramer (as
guardians of Henry and Sarah "B. Kramer) (by
James B. Lanktree. commissioner) to F. W.
Fry (assignee of Agnes L. Black), block be
ginning at point en SE line of Shuey avenue,
574 :5O SW of Huff avenue, said point being on
the line dividing lots 6 and 7. SW 219:3s. SE
3:5.S:32. to center of Sausal Creek. XE 30. NE
100. XE 107:72. thence lea vine said creek XW
374:94 to beginning, portion lot 6. map portion
Shuey estate. Brooklyn Township; $1357.
Mary A. and Gecrge N. Maxtlo to Ladwig
P. and Catherina Melnhett, lot on 3 line c!
Francisco street, 223 W of Shattuck avenue.
W 43 by S 1.T5. lot 9. block A. Janes tract.
Berkeley: $1CO.
Mary Jan- Woolley to John Wootley. lot on
SW corner of Dwlght way and Benvenue ave
nue, W 110. S 9S-.61. E 100, N 106, portion • lota
5 and 6. block B. map blocks A to D of map
No. 3. H:ilega?s tract. Berkeley: $10.
Phcenlx Savings. Building and Loan Asso.
ciatlon (corporation) to Joseph S. and Rachel
Scott (wire), lot on SW line of East Fo'ur
t^cnth street. 143 NW of Fifth iv»nii<, XW
37:6 by SW 10O. block 43, Clinton. East Oak
land; $10.
Rosalie Kaufman (widow) to Mary C. Smith
lot on X line of Athol avenue, 19!>:8 W r>i
Newton avenue. W 50. N 125. E 47. 3 123.
portion of lot », block D. map Peralta Heights.
East Oakland; $10.
Wri?ht B. and Lemlra A. Reynolds (wife)
to James T. McLure, lot on E line of Cal!eg»
avenue. 157:7 S of Florto street. S 123-5 K
353:5. X 120. W 310:11. lot 19, White tract.
Oakland: $10.
Wellington Jr. and Leonle Gregg (by. Wil
liam R. Berry, his attorney) to Agnes Foley
and Felix Slan«, lot on 3 line of Seventh
street. 75 E of Chestnut, E 23 by 9 80 block
4S«. Oakland; $10.
E. S. and Margaret Angel (wife) to Florenc*
I. Baker (wife J. B.). lot on SE line of Lewis
avenue. 19O NE of Pros&ect strest. XE 73 by
SE 125. lot 7 and portion lot S, block 5. map
East Oakland Heights, deed made to correct
<j>4 D 41S, East Oakland; $10.
V. E. Rosling (single) to Berjetta Abbott
(wife of A. H.). lot onfl Una of Villa aT«nne.
490 W of San Pablo. W 100. S 110 E 100
113. lots 24 to 26 and E 20 fe«t of lot 27. block
8. revised map San Pablo-avenu* Tract.
Oakland; $1O.
Alice B. Pawsun (widow) to George F.
Emiih. Iot 7. block A, map Adeline-street prop
erty, a resubdivision of blocks A and B. North
ern Addition. Oakland; $10. •
Richard J. Montgomery to Asa Berdrow. lot
on W line of Telegraph avenue. 6O 3 of Forty
first street. S 5O by W ICO. being S SO feet of
E 100 feet of let 2. same. map. Oakland; $ .
Sarah Comerford {widow) to Richard J.
Montg-cmery. iot on W Una of Telegraph ave
nue. 6i> S of Forty-first street, S 60 by W 120.
being S 50 feet of E 120 feet of lot 2. map
Montgomery Tract No. 1, Oakland (first party
conveys all interest or claims In or to any other
portion of said Montgomery Tract No. 1. Oak.
land); $10.
August and Mathilda Albrech to Frederic R.
Miller, lot beginning at intersection of line
parallel with and 70 N of N lisa of West
Eighth street, ani line parallel wita and 27:rt
W of W line of Henry street, N 25, W 87:6 8
to intersection by line parallel with and 70 N
of N Una cf West Eighth street. E to begin
ning', block 353. map 1, portion Gibbons proper
ty. Oakland; $5. .
C. J. and LuciA H. Woodbury t» J*. Cohen,
lot on W Una of Chestnut street. 199 N of
Thirty-second. N 33 by W 127. block 878. tame,
Oakland; $10.
W. S. Osborn (single) to C. M. 'VTniard and
M. E. Daugherty. lot 15, corrected map ot r-
subdlvlsion block A. Bratnaglna Tract, Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $10.
Joseph Folcla (single) to Maria Buxxal.'no
(widow), lot on SE corner of Peralta and West
Fourteenth streets. S 57.31. E 101.80, N 55, YV
85.42, lots 10 and 20, block 5S0 A. Peralta and
Center street lands, Oakland; $10.
Nicholas Ohlandt et al. to Rachel Pallnbaum
(wifo of Sclomon), lot on S line of Athens
avenue. 1*3 W of Saa Pablo. W 30 by S « - J.
lot 10. map Cordes Tract, Oakland; $10.
George II. and Nancy E. Le« to Uary V.
Nail, lot on SE line oZ Atwell avenue. 63 SB
of Lynda street. NE 50 by SE 100. subfilvtslaa
lota 4 and 5 of Bona Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Henry Gardner to Mary A. Gardner (wtfe).
lot on 3 line of San Antonio avenue. 300 E
of Willow street, i; 50 by S 130. lot 12. In W
l a of block L. lands adjacent to Encinai. Ala
meda; sift.
Harriet O. Center to Alexander G. Onter
(son), lots 1 to 14. block 6, Stratton't rarvey,
Alameda; situ
J. C. and Minnie N. Baker (wife) to William
and Maggie Kelly (wife), lot on W line of
Franklin street. 75 3 of Fourth. 3 23 br W 75.
lot IS, block 31. Kellersberser'a map. Oakland;
$10. *
Frederick O. and Frieda E. Elben (wife*
and Andrew J. and Annie S. Nor (wife) to
Oakland School District, lot beginning at a
point which U found by beginning en W Use
of Peralta gtreet. 123 N of Taylor. W 1T0 la
point which Is said first point, beginning* thence
W 60, X W, £ fti, s 63. block eSU, Boaxdaxan s
map, Oakland; $2300.
Ell and Laura A. Henderson to C J. Wood
bury, lot on >; line of Thirty- •eoond street.
40 W of Chestnut. W 87:8 by N 100. block
676. same, Oakland; $10.
F. D. Ccrnell (single) to A. J. Barton, lot
34. map 2. William M. ButUr* Tract, Emery
ville Oakland Township: $10.
Calvin A. Shaw (sing!*). C. B. aad A:-.i
E. Shaw (wt;e> to Edward M. Ulneh, lot on
X line of Essex street, 200 W ot Shattuclc
avenue. W 37:4 by X 100. portion of lot 19,
block K, map portion of Kawbury Tract. In
plat 51, Berkeley; $10.
A. £. Saltenberger (siaglt) to Frank Marko.
lot oa N line of Oregon street. 80 £ of Mag»»
avenue. E 40 by X 100, portion lot 6. block
5. Stata University Homestead Association .No.
3. Berkeley: $10.
Tbe Realty Syndicate to Jennl* aad Jacob
O. Wenderlns. lots 17 to 19. block 13. may
of McGet Tract, portion plat 67. eta.. Berkeley;
$10.
William B. and Lena H. Reynold* to Flor
ence A. Perreau (single), lots »0 and 8<H,.
amended map subdivision of Moawwood Tract
Oakland; $10.
Nicola Marinl diny!*) to Frank MartnL lot»
15 to 17, block 21U1, map Central Oakland
Tract. Oakland: $10. .
R. M. and Laura. C. Fitzgerald to Oakland
School district.' lot on ME corner of Seconi
and College avenues. N S00.04. E -€9 1-1. 3
279. W 373.51, lota 1 to 10, 43 to 47. rtvaea
map of Rcse Lawn Park. Oakland; $6000.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. NOV. 7.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Weighs Factors in Today's
Election and Speaks From
Unprejudiced Standpoint
Crew of Train That Killed
Mrs. Matheson and Mrs. M.
B. Eitten Will Be on Stand
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— The campaign
has closed here and Alameda County,
which has gjven to the country a Cabi
net officer, a Governor of this State, a
United States Senator, a Congressman
and many other able servants of the
people, is preparing to give the largest
vote for Theodore Roosevelt and the
Republican ticket that It has ever
polled in a long and honorable history.
The voters of Alameda County have
not a great deal to vote for this year.
Outside of the ten Presidential electors
there are only a few district officers
to be chosen — three \ State Senators,
seven Assemblymen, three Supervisors
and one Congressman. . So few officers
are there to vote for that in some
districts there is only a Congressman
and an Assemblyman to ballot for,
aside from the electors.
The night before the battle Is always
one for predictions, and a conservative
estimate of the situation assures that
Alameda County will elect every one of
the Republican nominees, and give an
unprecedented majority for the Repub
lican electors. The Democrats have
made no fight at all for the^ leaders
of their ticket, and the only contests
that have made their appearance on
the political horizon are purely per
sonal ones and involve salaried offices.
An effort has been made to displace
all the three Republican nominees I for
Supervisor, but even this is not a party
fight, for in two cases the Democrats
have indorsed disgruntled Republi
cans. Even the Democratic County
Central Committee, as already reported
in The Call, has been compelled to
come out over the signature of its of
ficers and denounce one of its party
nominees for withdrawing from the
fight at the last moment in the inter
ests of a disgruntled Republican.
In spite of all of this kind of work
the three Republican nominees will be
elected— C. F. Homer in the First Dis
trict, H. D. Rowe in the Fourth Dis
trict and John Mitchell in the Fifth
District.
There is not even a shadow of a
contest in the matter of the three Re
publican nominees for State Senator,
and the following candidates will carry
their respective districts: J. G. Mattos
Jr., Thirteenth District; Captain W. M.
Simpson, Fourteenth District; G. R.
Lukens, Fifteenth District. Captain
Simpson will succeed J. R. Knowland,
who will be elected to Congress to sue-
Clarence Crowell, chairman of the
Republican County Central Committee,
has issued a statement in which he
calls upon every Republican to vote
to-morrow. He urges them all to save
any confusion and difficulty by stamp
ins a cross at the head of theaicket
and voting for everybody who has the
indorsement of the Republican party.
Just a shadow of a fight has de
veloped In one Assembly district.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton has
turned loose upon Assemblyman Phil
M. Walsh. Dalton, who lives in the
Forty-eighth Assembly District, now
represented by "Walsh, to-day flooded
the town with personal letters asking
his friends to vote for W. S. O'Brien,
the Union Labor nominee. Dalton is
possessed of great influence in his dis
trict, but it Is not believed that he will
be able to defeat Mr. Walsh. Dalton
charges Walsh with attacking Gover
nor Pardee at the last session of the
Legislature. Walsh to-night issued a
reply in which he shows that he was
a consistent supporter of the adminis
tration, and supported every bill the
administration favored.
ceed Secretary Victor H. Metcalf. Mr.
Mattos represents the newly created
district. Senator Lukens will succeed
himself. Senator Leavitt is a hold
over and has two years more to serve.
Faculty regulation No. 17 provides
that all accused students shall be al
lowed a hearing before final action is
taken In their cases, and in accordance
with this regulation the letters to the
seniors have been written. .
A committee from the graduating
cla.es, led by Gustav "White and Joseph
L<oeb, prominent seniors, attempted to
reason the matter with Captain Nance
to-day. They found the captain cour
teous, but like granite. He refused to
discuss the case, informing the men
that it was all official business and not
of the sort that could be properly made
the subject of oral discussion.
"If the class has any statements to
make," said Captain Nance, "let them
be In writing and placed on file with
the other papers in the case."
Just how many seniors have received
President Wheeler's letter is not known.
7t Is believed that more than half of
the class is affected by the order.
President Wheeler said this morning
that the letters that have been sent out
are merely routine affairs. He regrets
that the students were ignorant of the
faot that in rebelling last Wednesday
against Captain Nance's order they
were dealing with a War Department
order. This he deems unfortunate, as
there can be no yielding-.
Captain Nance declines to discuss the
affair In any way. He has the regula
tions of the War Department at his
back, which he followed in issuing his
order, requiring students to march into
his class room in military style and In
perfect order. Secure in the fact that
he is well within the army regulations.
Captain Nance remains cool, apparent
ly fancying that it is his place now
merely to "stand pat" and permit
others to worry.
IN A MILITARY VISE.
It is explained that If a man Is drop
ped from Military JA It will be Impossi
ble for him to procure a diploma. . That
Is what distresses the seniors and that
is why the entrance to Captain Nance's
office to-day was darkened by the
forms of various upper class men
bearing typewritten explanations of
their conduct on last Wednesday.
lutdy unlmpaseloned, preserves an un
ruffled front,, while seniors are busy
hastening to his office with the written
statements required of them by Presi
dent "Wheeler.
The men breathed easier when Presi
dent Wbaeler was quoted In that fash
ion, fancying that all was to be serene
and that no unpleasant sequel would
attend the big riot of the day before.
That they counted without their host
is evident from the following missive,
signed by President Wheeler, which
seniors found in their mail this morn-
Ing:
Z'7 Dear Sir: It haa b«en roootnmended to
me by tie head of the cillit&ry department
that your Etmt be dropped from th« list cf
t-tudecu In Military 2A. If j-'/u with to show
••-»-¦ vhy tfcis EbOBlfl not be done you are
i . »ei t: ;.:.;. tiise before noon on Wednes
— i. tb« 9th. to ; ¦->¦ :.\ to Ca.pU.Ia Nance
acr written statement you rr.ay choc»e to
zr.&Jc* of your actlcn Is connection with the
-» la Military 'J.A en • .'.• iLiternoon of X"o
veicbcr 2. Very s. nee rely your»,
EEXJAKIX IL>E WHEELER.
Captain J. T. Nance, cool and abso- ,
THE BOMB BURSTS.
Berkeley OJ2ce Ban Frandaco Call,
214S Center Street, Nov. 7.
President Benjamin I<Je Wheeler
Cropped a bombshell Into the ranks of
Use senior olass of the university to
day In the shape of a score or raoro of
missives. Informing them that they
may make explanations In writing re
garding their connection with the riot
and rebellion against Captain Nance's
military order before Wednesday noon
or bo dropped from the class, welch,
being Interpreted, means: "Lose your
diplomas."
Captain N&noo has supplied Presi
dent Wheeler with the names of men
alleged to have disobeyed orders
last "Wednesday, and lnferentlally
to have b«en guilty of participat
ing in the campus riot before North
liall, when Professor Setchell was pelt
ed with clods of grass and mud, and
Captain Xance. in effigy, was carried
about on the shoulders of frenzied stu
dents.
To each of these men President
"Wheeler has addressed a letter, cold,
formal and calculated to chill the erst
while feverish seniyrs. Th« letter hints
at loss of diplomas and Is all the more
surprising to the students because
President Wheeler said last Thursday
morning, in the presence of many wit
nesses that there 6eemed to b» nothing
to be concerned about in th* campus
riot, "pooh-poohing" the affair and In
timating that it was naught but a tem
pest in a teapot.
IXQUEST WILL BE HELD
ADDRESS TO STUDENTS
Unruly YoungMenFindThemselvesinClutch
of Captain Nance's Military Vise.
Party Will Elect All Its Nominees
"Republicans Do Things and
Do Them Eight," Declares
President of University
Eenmins of Victims % of tlie
Eailroad Accident Not
Yet Claimed by Friends
County Solid for Roosevelt
Riotous Students Must Explain
WHEELER JARS SENIORS
Alameda Will Give
Unprecedented Vote
ABLEST PARTY
SAYS WHEELER
BODIES STILL
IT THE MORGUE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1904.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— Complete election returns will be posted by
The San Francisco Call to-night at all of its Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley offices, as follows:
Main Oakland office, 1016 Broadway.
West Oakland office, Bergsten's, Seventh and Chester streets.
Berkeley office, 2148 Center street, In the postofflce.
SU-'f- Alameda office, Schneider's bookstore, Park street.
TO BULLETIN RETURNS
HEAVY SENTENCE IMPOSED.— Oakland,
Nov. 7. — Manuel Cauto, 23 years of age, . was
sentenced to ten years'" Imprisonment at Fol
som to-day by Judge Halt for an attempted
assault on Mrs. Maria Phillips. -; He pleaded
(uUty to tb« offense end asked tor maroy.
GUILTT OF BURGLARY.— Oakland, Nov.
7. — Charles B. Monaphan pleaded guilty to
burclary In the second degree and was sen.
tenced to Folsom for three years to-day.. He
entered the cabin of A. Sanchez near Pleas
utoa and etfrlt * waXcb <md chain.
EXHIBITS RIPE LOGANBERRIES.^-Oak."
land, Nov. 7. — Several large clusters' of .ripe
loganberries, - tome of which are an Inch : and
a half In- kneth, have Ween placed' on exhibi
tion at tbe rooms of the Oakland Board of
Trade- by ;Dr. A.- -H. -Dodge, . at whose home
In East Oakland the berries were grown. There
are blossoms and green : and ripe berries,- all
on th« . same branches. -•". •¦ - •¦ « - • ,•¦•¦•- .' . »
OAKLAND. Nov. t 7.-— "I want that
man to keep away ' from me forever.
Let him never darken my door
again," declared Mrs. M. de Ponta
to-day in the Police Court after she
had recited a long story of abuse she
had endured at the hands of Manuel
daiPonta, her husband. It was a tale
of .drunkenness \ and violence oft re
peated. Police Judge Mortimer' Smith
convicted the man and ordered .him
back to jail to await sentence Wednes
day. The ; De Pontas live at : 1455
Tbird'Btreet. ,' '
Wife Denounces Her Husband.
Burglars Beat Meat Trust.
6
fAJDVEUTlSEMEXTS;
IT THE MINISTER SAYS
Is Most Convincing.
"1 thought I would write you what
Pyramid Pile Cure has done for me. I
had a most aggravated case of bleed-
Ing piles; indeed I dreaded when I had
to go to stool. One 50-cent box cured
me. I feel . like a new man. I . have
recommended it to others as being the
most wonderful remedy known. It is
indeed a great blessing to suffering
humanity. You are at liberty to use
this for all It Is worth, and I hope It
may do good.'.' Rev. W. E. Carr, 356
North Holbrook street, Danville,' Va,
Clergymen (like all professional men
who lead sedentary lives) • are espe-
cially addicted to piles. In various
forms, and are continually on the look-
out for a remedy which will give re-
lief, with" little or no idea of obtaining
a cure.
Recognizing this fact. Rev. Mr. Can-
consents to the use of>hls - name in or-
der that other BUfferers may know
there Is a cure called Pyramid Pile
Cure, which is sold by druggrists every-
where for the low price of 50 cents
a package, and which will bring about
foi every one afflicted with piles the
same beneficial results as in his own
case. Be careful to accept no substi-
tutes and remember that there is no
remedy "Just as good."
A little book describing the causes
and cure of piles is published by Pyra-
mid Drug Company, Marshall, Mich.,
and will be sent free for the asking.
All sufferers are advised to write for
it, as It contains valuable information
en the sublet of piles.
BBANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA]iLEDA COUNTY
I OAKLAND.
1010 Broadway.
Telephone 3 Iain 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 5S9.
anSCELLAXEOUS.
St. Louis
Exposition,
Grand Prize.
Highest
Possible
Award
has been granted
to
Hunyadi Janos
Natural Laxative
Water.
WHY?
Because It Is
the best!The farcical play entitled "Prince
Karl," written for Richard Mansfield
by Archibald Clavering Gunter, opened
to a crowded house at the Alcazar
Theater last night. The piece is full
of amusing situations and the risible
faculties of the audience were kept In
play from the rise to the .fall of the
curtain. John Craig in the title ¦ role
was artistic and made the most out of
the part of the impulsive and love
struck prince. While disguised as the
Alcazar.
Majestic.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's sparkling
comedy, "An American Citizen," with
which the Majestic Stock Company
opened the week last night, furnished
sufficient • merriment for - a large au
dience. In such capable hands all
the best points of the play could not
fail to be brought out Being the first
night, long waits between the acts
were unavoidable and th» curtain did
not fall upon the reunited husband
and wife until 11:20, but the spec
tators, in the presence of such acting,
felt that they had not waited in^vain.
The leading characters, . Beresford
Cruger and Beatrice Carewe. were
most faithfully personated by Howard
Gould . and Amelia Gardner. They
won the approval of the house at the
start and retained It ; unabated, to the
finish. In the role of Peter Barbury.
Frank MacVlcars gave a delicious bit
of -character. - The English valet by
George .Woodward was an inimitable
personation and kept the audience tit-
ELECTION RETURNS AT T. M. C. A—
Election returns will be received by special
wire at the Youny Men's Christian Association
to-nijjht. Between the reports a fine musical,
literary >nd acrobatic entertainment will be
uiven by members of the club.
The second week of "The Messenger
,Boy" began last night at the Tivoli.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 7.— A fine young
Horse, the property of E. *n. Fowler,
ran away this morning and, at the cor
ner of San Pedro and San Fernando
streets, ran into a telegraph pole,
breaking its neck.
Hits Pole and Breaks Neck.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7. — The trial of
"Nan" , Patterson, who has been in
the Tombs since last June, charged
with the murder of Caesar Young, will
begin November 15.
"Nan" Patterson's Trial Set.
PASADENA.' Nov. 7.— Eldridge M.
Fowler died here at his home to-day of
cerebral hemorrhage, aged 71 years. He
was a wealthy lumberman and finan
cier of Detroit. Death came a few
hours after his arrival here in a special
car.
Death Calls Detroit Financier.
NOME, Nov. 7.— The Federal Court
has released Edward Menthi, who was
arrested at Dawson and taken to Nome
for^ alleged perjury. Menthi was
charged witn falsely swearing that a
young woman of Nome stole money in
a dance halL She was imprisoned In
McNeils Island penitentiary, where she
died of illness and. broken heart. Later
developments proved her innocence.
Releases Alleged Perjurer.
Fischer's Vaudeville Theater, re
modeled, refurnished, refitted and
renewed in every particular, opened
last evening with a programme in
keeping with the event. The pretty
house with its brilliant decorations
had been 'further brightened with
rich flower pieces on the stage and
along the walls. Many changes have
been made In the entire Dlace. There
is no bar connected with the house,
and one sees posted the information,
"No smoking." Two performances
were given last night, and both times
the public crowded through the
doors. The house will seat 1600
people, and every seat was filled, over
2000 people being. turned away. Two
performances will be given every
night and one every afternoon. The
programme last evening was an ex
cellent one of ten numbers, all of
which were encored.
At the close of the performance a
banquet at a downtown restaurant
was attended by the Fischer company
and their guests. Henry Cahen was
the master of ceremonies, and toasts
were drunk to the new playhouse and
its future success.
Fischer's.
The Fetching brothers, who offer a
great novelty in their "Musical Flow
er Garden," were new at the Chutes
yesterday and made emphatic hits at
both performances. Samson and
Zaccho, a strong man and woman,
gave extraordinary examples of physi
cal prowess, one of the feats accom
plishedsby Mme.- Zaccho being that of
lifting- the combined weight of six men
with her teeth. The Huegel brothers
proved amusing acrobats and Emile
Chevrlel, the comedy violinist, re
peated his success of last week. Ma
bel Lamson, the popular singer of
illustrated songs; Robinson and
Jones, the clever .colored comedians,
singers and dancers, and the Ameri
can biograph. showing the latest
European and American moving pic
tures, completed an excellent pro
gramme. Election returns will be read
from the stage at the Chutes to-night
and the amateurs will appear on
Thursday evening.
The Chutes.
TACOMA. 'Wasli.. Nov. 7. — Seven
stowaway Chinamen, evidently bent
on Emug^lingr their way into the conn
try, were arrested on the steamship
Tremont to-day by the immigration
officers and Chinese inspectors. Be
sides the seven coolies, the officers
also took into custody the first boat
swain of the Tr*mont, himself a
Chinese. The Inspectors believe he ia
the ringleader of a gang.
Cliinese Stowaways Caught.
The ground of the action is not giv
en in the writ filed to-day and will
not appear in court for some days, as
counsel for both sides apparently en
tered into an agreement that the dec
laration should not be filed with the
writ in court, but whenever counsel
shall desire.
BOSTON, Nov. 7. — As an outcome of
the Chicago beef war among the pack
ers, a suit for $1,200,030 in an action
of contract has been brought against
J. Ogden Armour. By the writ, as en
tered to-day in the Superior Court, the
plaintiffs are: James C. Melvin. Jesse
P. Lyman. James D. Standish. Frank
P. Comstock and Frank E. Vogel, di
rectors and officers of Jhe Hammond
Beef Company of Illinois.
Not Disclosed.
Ground for the Action Brought by
Hammond Beef Company Is
tering whenever he appeared on the
stage. Elsie Esmond, the Georgia
Chapin of the \ play, won much ap
plause by her winsome portrayal of
that 'character. Messrs. Gilmour.
O'Hara, Mestayer and Misses Eleanor
Gordon, Margaret Maclyn and Eth^l
Hepburn were cast for minor parts
and made them major.
J. OGDEN ARMOUR SUED
FOR OVER A MILLION
Fall hats. 1904. iust arrived, nobble*
than ever. Tom Dillon * Co- opp.P*lac«. #
United States Savings and Loan Company
vs. Convent of St. Rose. Western Division of
Washington: d««ree reversed and cause re
manded with directions to Circuit Cbnrt to en
ter decree of foreclosure in faror of appellant
for amount found to be due under th« contract.
Judse Gilbert lissented so far as th« pay
ment of J-V575 40 In satisfaction of the. inert «
gave was concerned.
The Standard Marine Insurance Comnsajr of
Liverpool vs. Nomt Be&;h Lighterage awl
Trancportatton Company. California; Judg
ment reversed und cause remand»d.
United States cf America t*. one- casolln»
launch. John Tbdd claimant. Northern Dis
trict of Washington: judgment affirmed.
United States of America vs. Bitter Root
Development Ccmpany. Anacenda Mining Com
pany et al.. District of Montana; decree af
firmed.
The Steamship Oregon \m. A. Asi-th «t al
and A. Aaseth et al. vs. the Steamship Ore
gon. District of Washington: action brought
by 35S passengers for damages for personal In
juries caused by the alleged unseaworthla«ss
cf the ship and the bad quality of the food
served; Judgment of the District Court af
firmed.
Decisions were handed down yes
terday as follows by the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals:
Decisions of Conrt of Appeals.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 7. — Francisco Me
jia, aged 60 years, was sentenced to
San Quentin for life to-day by iJudge
Tuttle for criminal assault on his own
daughter.
Sends Brute to Jail for Life.
No explanation is given for Ruebsa
men leaving so suddenly. Besides his
clothes he left some valuable jewelry
and money in his room. The man, who
was supposed to have been foully dealt
with, will be communicated with and
his things sent him.
Officer Supposed to Have Been Foully
Dealt With Located in South
ern City.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 7.— Captain Paul
Ruebsamen! the retired Prussian army
officer who mysteriously disappeared
from the Bristol Hotel here about ten
days ago. has been located in An
geles. On leaving here he went "direct to
the southern city.
Cleanse the stomach and restor* and
tone it up by using Lash's Bitters. •
MISSING PRUSSIAN CAPTAIN"
FOUND IX LOS ANGELES
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 7.— Superior
Judge E. C Hart to-day sentenced
Walter JackFon, who pleaded guilty to
a charge of assault with intent to com
mit robbery, to fourteen years at Fol-
Bom, which is the limit for the crime.
Kobbrr Gets the Limit.
SAN PEDRO, Nov. 7. — Lorenz Ben
nett, a familiar character of this place,
is dead to-day as the result of a bullet
wound received at the hands of Rosa
Taylor, a woman with whom he had
been living at a local lodging-house.
During a struggle for the possession of
a revolver the weapon was accidentally
discharged. The ball took effect in Ben
nett's ieg, severing an artery and caus
ing his death.
Stocktonian Accidentally Killed
EXHIBITION' OF WATER COLORS.
Miss iUUn Hyde's work in Japan. Vickery
Galleries. 236 Post »t.; clnses Wednesday eve."
The Central Theater put on "Her
Marriage Vow" last evening, and it
was received in, such fashion, with
frequent cheers and continued de
mands for the leading people at the
end of each act, that it is a certain
winner. Myrtle Vane, formerly at the
Central, was welcomed back with
enough flowers to start a wholesale
florist In business. Herschel Mayall
and Ethel Clifton" were at their best.
Benny Halifax, Henry Shume and
Edna Ellsmere scored. The scenic
effects were all they were advertised
to be, and a little more. In the third
act two trains rush across the stage
at express speed, the locomotives
throwing out sparks in abundance.
Coupled with the exciting Incidents
that immediately precede this rail
way realism, the scene brought out a
boot heel and vocal fusillade that
jarrod the building. There are thrills
enough in "Her Marriage Vow" to
outfit half a dozen melodramas and
not make the excitement scanty in
any of the lot. At one place the
heroine Is bound and placed on the
railroad track by the villain. At the
same time the hero is thrown into a
lonely hut. where he cannot prevent
two trains from being thrown into a
deep mountain gorge as the result of
a head-on collision. Howaver, the
hero, equal to the emergency, breaks
loose just in the nick of time, tends
the switch, saves his sweetheart and
averts a disaster. Soon after the vil
lain at the end of a fierce fight is
thrown from the ton of a mountain
grade over a precipice. As a spec
tacle "Her Marriage Vow" is a suc
cess.
Central.
Its distance from the earth and the
sun is rapidly diminishing, while the
apparent motion among the stars is so
rapid as to be very perceptible In the
field of the telescope during an hour's
time.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— Enckes
comet was seen at the United States
naval observatory Sunday night and
again to-night with the twelve-inch
telescope. Its radiance, however. Is so *
feeble that aa yet the comet Is barely
visible. It appears through the tel
escope as a patch ol light and several
days perhaps will elapse before ac
curate observations can be made of its
position which, however, follows clearly
the path predicted for the return of the
comet.
Barely Visible as Yet, but la
Rapidly Traveling Toward
the Earth.
Coach Hopper said to-day that the
men attacked are in such fine
physical condition that they will
withstand the measles and probably
recover In time to take Dart in the
game next Saturday. While they may
be weakened, they will not be obliged
to give their places to substitutes.
Should Howard. Stern and Snedi
gar be obliged to get off the team
their places probably will be filled by
Kerr, guard; Oliver, end; and White,
halfback.
BERKELEY, Nov. 7. — Measles
has attacked two of the most prom
inent members of the varsity football
team, Edgar Stern, right guard, and
"Greek" Howard, left , end. both be
ing down with the malady. They
were taken sick last Saturday night
after the game with Nevada.
Snedigar. left halfback, too, is
threatened with the disease, though It
cannot be definitely known before to
morrow whether he is to be a victim.
Though Snfferlng With the Jfalndy
They Expect to Play In Sat
urday*!- Game.
The case involved the seizure of
S 64,000 worth of jewelry seized by the
customs authorities in New York
upon the arrival there of Miss Dodge
from Europe on the steamer St. Paul
in 1S99. Miss Dodge failed to men
tion the jewelry in her declaration to
the authorities and claimed that it
had been presented to her while
abroad. She also pleaded that she
did not consider the jewelry dutiable.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7. — The Su
preme Court of the United States re
fused to-day to grant a writ of cer
tior.Ti in the case of Phyllis E. Dodge
vs. the United States, the effect being
to affirm the decision of the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Dis
trict, which was favorable to the
Government.
Uphold* Customs Officers in Taking
.^64,000 Worth From Miss Dodge
in New York.
COMET SEEN FRO3I XAVAI*
OBSERVATORY AT WASHINGTON'
MEASLES ATTACKS TWO
POPULAR FOOTBALL JIEN
HIGHEST COURT SUSTAINS
THE SEIZURE OF JEWELRY
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Nov. 7. —
At to-day's session of the trial of ex-
Mayor Perry, charged with bribery
In connection with the Lake Michigan
water deal conspiracy, the defense an
nounced that it will attempt to show
by correspondence and telegrams that
the original water deal was simply an
attempt ta fleece H. A. Taylor, a
young New* York millionaire, out of
his money, and that Garman and
Cameron, the promoters of the deal,
had no real purpose to put the deal
through. #
Lawyers Offer Xeiv Line of Defense
in the Grand Rapids
Water Case.
SAY ATTEMPT WAS MADE
TO FLEECE MILLIONAIRE
courier his enforced restraint and scorn
of doing the work of a flunky were
admirably portrayed.
Miss Lillian Lawrence was charming
as the dashing young widow, Mrs.
Florence Arhmien Lowell. Miss Adele
Belgarde as her mother-in-law, Mrs.
Daphne Dabney Lowell, also in love
with the prince, gave a finished repre
sentation of the part and helped
greatly in keeping the fun going- Miss
Elizabeth Woodson was chic and clever
as -Alicia Euclid Lowell, a product of
Vassar College. George Osbourne had
a congenial role as Markey Davis, the
deaf hotel-keeper. Harry HUIiard,
Luke Conness and John B. Maher were
excellently suited to their parts. The
piece is well staged.
CENTRAL THEATER'S NEW LEAD
1 ING LADY. NOW PLAYING IN
"THE MARRIAGE VOW."
The women are Just as good as the
men. Most charming is Florence
Smythe as Lucy Rigby, the heroine;
Grace Romine excellent as Mrs. Rigby
and Florida Klngsley deserves a half
column or so for her stunning bit aa
the orphan girl "Chic" Elzey. The
whole production, in fact, suggests
the best kirid of stock work, which 13
the best to be had, and you can, on no
count, afford to miss "The County
Chairman." ,' . • •
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
He tells his man: "You can't stick
to boxing gloves when your opponent's
fighting with a meat ax."
Again: "The last week of a cam
paign's no time for bird shot. You've
got to get out the artillery."
And so on, the comedy bristles with
dialectic wit and sense. Greatly the
Hackler part gains by being in the
capable hands of Theodore Roberts,
who is simply "presented" with the
rest of the company by Mr. Savage.
But Mr. Roberts needs no large type
here. His work, from the time when he
was of the old Frawley company —
stranded, now, alack! in South Africa
— has been favored of his San Fran
cisco brethren. Well with the best of
it stands his portrait of the shrewd,
kindly country politician. He gives
most ably the genial goodness of the
man. his capable scampishness in poli
tics, and when Hackler tells the man
he has been hounding for twenty years
tho reason for his pursuit Mr. Roberts
rises to a high level of power. All
of those with him of their kind are
equally convincing.
George Thatcher — once of the fa
mous Thatcher. West and Primrose
Minstrels — does a lazy negro, who
"doesn't know what's the use of be-
Ingr free If you has to work hard all
the time," in rare fashion. William
Lamp, once the "beauty man" at the
Alcazar, returns as a full-fledged
leading man of ample conviction, giv
ing a virile and sympathetic study of
Tilford Wheeler, the candidate. Jef
ferson Briscoe, the store-box ora
tor, is capitally assumed by , James
Bradbury, his shrewish lady as clev
erly by Florence Gerald.
He describes the nomination meet
ing: "We agreed upon a harmony pro
gramme—and then started in to fight."
The politics must be quite persuasive.
The campaigners who had turned in
last night laughed, grunted and sym
pathized in every possible key. Jim
Hackler, the "county chairman." said
most of the things that amused them.
They amused every one. Why
shouldn't they? Jim — he's "Jim" to
every one — says to his man, who ob
jects to his method of electioneering,
"What have you to do with it? You're
only the candidate. Your place is to
lay low and follow Instructions."
Not at all new is the human' or other
furniture of the piece — there's a pump,
a general merchandise store, the fresh
drummer that whistles himself in from
New York, the train the town turns out
to meet, the lazy stump-speaker with
the shrewish wife, the village miser and
all the other first aids to the tooral
rural drama. But these Mr. Ade has
vitalized and strung together into most
persuasive story, punctured with much
laughter and a tear or two. of which
none need feel ashamed.
That is not usually the person-who
has-seen-it-in-New York's story. It
will be found true, however, of mosfof
the productions Henry Savage sends
out here; and it is Mr. Savage who in
troduced '"The County Chairman" to us
last night. Better cast one could hard
ly picture for the piece, nor — for the
moment — better piece for the cast.
It is the first George Ade effort to
be seen here — and the best possible
drummer for the next. The "com
edy-drama" is the first of anything
outside of the musical comedy genre
with which the humorist first burst
upon the theatrical public, and there
fore more lately representative of a
singularly interesting figure in ¦ the
American drama. Nor was it only
George Ade's and Mr. Savage's "fu
neral" — as Jim Hackler says — last
night. The performance was given in
aid of the Girls' Club, and there was
not a single uncitizened seat in the
house to shame the fair lapses that
held you up for 25-cent programmes.
It was worth every cent of it!
Inevitably Mr. Ade will be compared
with Charles Hoyt. He refuses, I be
lieve*, the mantle of the dead humorist,
with which some have invested him.
But he has the same keen eye for a
type, the same lively sense of the ridic
ulous, the same shrewd nose for the
current absurdity. Yet it Is a humor
more genial, more human, deeper
planted. Horseplay is a little in evi
dence — it is less horse, more play — the
fun springing naturally from the clash
of his characters. Politics, county poli
tics, the playwright has made his
theme, the 'art interest— as Teddy Webb
says — deftly interwoven therewith.
The "man behind" was In large evi
dence last night. He had seen 'The
County Chairman" in New York. Liked
it. Hoped fearfully that the company
that brought It to the Columbia was as
good as the one he saw, still playing in
the East. Thought it was, as the even
ing went on. In fact, modestly crow
ing — evidently as the recommender of
the comedy— he thought the company
might be even a little better than the
other.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— The Su
preme Court to-day affirmed the deci
sion of the Surreme Court of the State
of Wisconsin in the newspaper boycott
case arising from the alleged business
combination of the Sentinel, News and
Evening Wisconsin, all published in
Milwaukee, asair.st the Journal of that
city, affecting advertising rates. The
©pinion upheld the validity of the Wis
consin anti-trust law so fax as it ap
plies to this case.
The case came before the Supreme
Court on writs of error to set aside con
victions and sentence* of A. J. Aikens,
Albert Huegin and M. H. Hoyt, pub
lishers of the three' newspapers in the
combination. The ground of the writs
was that the croceedings violated the
rights cf the plaintiffs in error under
the fourteenth amendment to the con
stitution cf the United States. The in
formations were brought under the
Wisconsin statutes, which impose irn
rrisonnient or fine on any two or more
persons who shall combine for the pur
rose of willingly or maliciously injur
ing ar.cther in his reputation, trade,
business or profession by any means
whatever. The plaintiffs in error were
severally charged with unlawfully com
bining together with the intention of
willfully and maliciously injuring the
Journal company by agreeing as fol
lows:
"If arj- r>erscn should agree to pay
the increased advertising rates charged
by the Journal company then he should
not be permitted to advertise In any of
the ether three newspapers except at a
corresponding increase of rates, but if
he should refuse to pay the Journal
corr.pany the increased rate then he
should be allowed to advertise in any
of the other three papers at the rate
previously charged."
It was alleged that this conspiracy
•was carried out and that much damage
to the business of the Journal company
ens-aed.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7. — Chief Jus
tice Fuller of the United States Su
preme Court to-day announced that
the court has refused a writ of cer
tiorari in the case of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company vs. Sarah Guyon.
The case involved the question of
damages on account of the wreck of
the passenger steamship City of Rio
de Janeiro, which sank off the Golden
Gate at San Francisco in 1901, carry
ing down 120 persons, including Con
sul 'General Wildman.
The case was a test one. and it
was charged that although twenty
minutes' time elapsed after the signal
to lower the boats before the catas
trophe occurred, only one boat was
floated. This, the steamship company
claimed, was due to the fact that
many members of the crew were Chi
nese and could 'not understand the
orders given them, but the court re
fused to limit liability on this ac
count.
The purpose of the petition for a
writ of certiorari was to bring the
case to the Supreme Court for re
view, and the denial has the effect of
making final the decision of the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuif, which was favorable to the
passengers.
The previous affair referred to above
was organized on the occasion of the
requiem in the Kazan Cathedral on the
anniversary of the death of Alexander
III, the students making a demonstra
tion in memory of the death in the
Peter and Paul fortress of one of their
number, named Borski. On this occa
sion Fulton, the prefect of police, or
dered the police home and personally
spoke to the students, asking them to
desist and disperse, which they did.
These two incidents, small in them
selves, have created much talk in St.
Petersburg owing to the methods of
dealing with student disturbances,
which is attributed to the initiative of
Prince Sviatopolk-Mlrsky, Minister of
the Interior. The demonstrations were
neither more nor less serious than
many which in recent years were put
down by charging Cossacks with low
ered lances. Much pleasure is also ex
pressed with the -announcement of the
resumption of Prince Sviatopolk-Mir
sky's public receptions.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 7.— There
was a small student riot at the univer
sity to-day, but It was handled in the
same rational manner as was the one
at the Kazan Theater about ten days
ago, and as a result the whole affair
passed off without serious consequences.
About a thousand university students
divided into two groups, one sing
ing the Russian national anthem and
the other the •'Marseillaise." The police
appealed to the latter group to stop,
and they agreed to do so if their op
ponents stopped. This was done, and
the affair ended with a hearty laugh
all around.
Verdict of the Tribunal
Favors the Passengers of
the Ill-Fated Steamship
Where Formerly Bayonet
Was Used, Few Words Now
Suffice in St. Petersburg
Three of Them Had United
to the Injury of Fourth
on Advertising 3Iatters
Combines Fun and Pa
thos With Clever
X0 SERIOUS RESULTS
TEST CASE DECIDED
NEWSPAPERS AFFECTED
Supreme Court Refuses to
Limit the Liability of
the Pacific-Mail Company
Methods of New Minister of
the Interior Successful
in Quelling Disturbance
Wisconsin Statute Aimed
at Combinations Is Sus
tained by Supreme Court
FINAL RULING
IN RIO CASE
-STUDENT RIOT
QUICKLY ENDS
ANTI-TRUST
LAW UPHELD
5LANG KINGS POLITICAL
COMEDY IS A TIMELY HIT
"The County Chair
man," by George Ade,
a Success.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, 1904.
Another Liberal Elected.
BT. JOHN'S, N. F., Nov. 7.— The com
pleted p-"»Ils of Trinity District show ;
the election of Miller, the third of the
Liberal candidates, by a majority of 16.
There remain only two districts to be :
reported. Stormy weather prevents the ]
collection of ballot-boxes.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
818-820 MARK.: » {ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
lo-Morrow (Wednesday) Is Our Double Day
VX17ET "WAISTS. DBESDE5 OPE3JS. BAGS.
Very *vte\\ nnd pretty; 53.00 value; Just arrived from Europe, a line Of
special 83.00 beautiful Opera Glass Bags, made
Come early;- orly a few left. of all shades of silk: madB to sell
i^^s'Kzcxwzli: fo !. $2 ; 50 :. 8P ! c^: . wh !! e . the yf?.Vd
Th»s- cro very pretty Stocks. In __ ' _, ___, _
many styles, all shades; worth 23c; „ . DBAPB VXH.3.
while they last, on sale". lOc New arrlval of popuUr Drape VcZZflt
¦—^^— —^—^——— made of the b«st chiffon, in all th«
MALIHE. latest shades; special, while they
Thousands of yards of Imported Ma- last • ."Oc
line or Illusion, all shades; worth ,__,
15c per yard; special, while it lasts 500 Ladle9> Belt J™ h from 13c to
' * e 33c each, many styles to choose
CLOTH BOUND BOOKS. loC from; while they last. at. special
The following: Books, elegantly bound price, ench f» o
in cloth, sold by others at 35c: on The very much advertised
sale, while lot lasts l.'c EMPUIE VAB3IISH STATST
Chooslns: Abe Lincoln Captain. Joe Has a gloss like slass and the colors
- the Chimpanzee. Mandy's Quilting are true to nature; comes in wal-
Party, Aunt Polly. Shedd's Brigade. nut. malachite, mahogany, rosewood.
A Child in Florence. A Hero in weathered oak; standard selling
Peace and War. Indian Children and price for pints is 50c; our special
Their Pets. Shetland Ponies. David T;54e
Bushnell and His American Turtle. For half-pint* 25c: otir special !!•«•
The Little Captive Maid. The Old nmtvp-it-r fi*« g4»rrp-r. " * i-1>
Church. Daybreak Stories. The Star wuh c^ 1 "? 3^?^, 0 -* 3 STOy 31 •' .
in the East. Early Bible Heroes, f 6 . feet °, r tubin S; v *r>- handy for
Stories of Jesus. Through the Look- Pi?V n * watcr - making tea or coffee.
Ing Glass. Gullivers Travels. Rob- I™ 1 ??- «*«¦: so^ ever>-where at
i inson Crusoe. Arabian Nights, A 4aC - for both - 0Ur - s P^l? j^i^ija2c
Woman's War. Window in Thrums. SAJO: OT SHVEa-TlATED WASZ.
Abbe Constantine. Black Beauty. Nnt Pick Set — Half-dozen picks with
Dark Daya. Fantine. Jean Valjean. nut cracker; sale price . . **-4o
Marius. Emerson's Poems. Facin* A 4-Fiece Tea Sat — In the fronted
Death. House of the "Wolf. History bead pattern; regular price J20 00-
of Greece, and many others. on sale ...; S1O "ft
COMPLETE SET DICXEITS, 83.35. XndMdtua Salt C«Uiri — That*sell fe"g-
1S books in 15 volumes, by Dickens, ularly 50c: sale price 3fl^»
nicely bound In cloth, with titles in SALS OP CLOCKS.
gold: published at $7.30. On sale.. An 8-Day Mantal Clock— Hour and
83.35 half-hour strike, with cathedral
1903 CHATTESBOZ, .">Oc. son*: sale price S,"».1O
1904 Chatterbox Just received. Ot ", ?**T£ Iax SI- 50 OVX Ornam«at
ITEW P1CTXOW, S1.08. 3^. 1 ?^..^. £?g? o°#
The following are of the most popu- Stth Thoxaaa Alaiia (Clock— -On sale"
lar of the new copyright fiction pub- $1.11
lished at J1.50 and sold by us at _______ * -
God'^GoVd-Man. by -Corelli;- Be,4rly £"S?S£SI
of Graustark. by McCutcheon: Ver- for yourself ~«"*««o
gillus. by Bacheller; Tattlings of a Complef I. tne of 19O5 Dlari.« 2.^r> no
Retired Politician: The Silent f . «" ** r
Places, by White; Kulers of Kings, * oxnrD P3B , :a *
by Atherton: Evelyn Bird, by E?- Oc^, 0 or commercial size, ruled or
gleston: Old Gorgon Graham, by Plain, white, per pound «5c
Lorimer Envelopes to match, o packages to the
- nox. Box -I Of*
c» , *7^ SSXL:r . CX§EA 7 3 L :aS :, 1 . w "LA PETrrE" BOTE PAPXS.
Steel blade, waterproof handle, not Box containing one quire Paper and
toe heavy, made expressly for home one package Envelopes. loC each-
use; regular price 25c; special-.loC two for 2oC
KHIVES. RAZOBS AND SHEARS GROUND AND EEPAIBED.
PICTURE FRAMES OP ALL DESCSIPTTONS SXAOE TO ORDER.
ALL ZI2TSS OP ELECTRICAL WORK DONE A3ID KfTPATT^fm.
• ADVKKTlSfcaiKXTS.
i = — I Positirel reared by
PADTrDC theio • Little Pills. -
vMlil Ll\0 They also rellere Dis-
brq tress froni Dyspepsia. In-
Bgal ITTLE digestion and Too Hearty
gEJ I \J r n Eatirg. A perfect reia-
t~| I V LiS edy lor Dizziness, Xaasea,
B| PILLS DroTTHlieES. BSd Taste
f-f WM ta th0 Month. Coated
WBfflBWJS Tongne. Pain In tne Side.
ITORPID LIVER. They
regelate tie Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
n iDTCDC | CURE SICK HfcADAtnc
UAHItnO
?9 ittle Genuine Must Bear
|j I vER Fae-Simfle Signature
¦™1 1 /^e^^^^zr^f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"With the Ladies, I'm a
winner all right," said
Golden Gate. "This
lady told me I was the
finest coffee she had
ever tasted."
Notbi.jf tfocs with GOLDEK GATE
COFFEE bnt istlsf action.' No
prizea — bo coo poo* — no crockery.
1 e»d 2 1b. «roma-tUbt tlas.
Never sold la belt.
¦ ; :¦ -¦ ¦•
J. A. Folger (Si Co,
Established 2*»>lf at Century
So.!* Francisco
NOTICE!
TO TBS TOTI2S OF THE THIETT-
srvrrrrn assembly district:
on th* sample ballot mailed to ycu. under
the head cf "fcup«-rior Jui^ea." an error has
b»*n ca4* by th* printer after proof havinjr
l«r*n read. "M. J." Kerrigan rhould read
•FRANK H. KERRIGAN." The name en the
vctir.g trachine :» correct.
» MERCHANT TAILORS, i\
# i • m HEMOTXD TO V,
| 112 SuLLer fj
H SAW FHA3TCISCO. \l
y Novelties in Imported Wear. «
j?f??\Every Woman
f\ ¦ N. « ¦ \ U lUcrrateU an! «hooid know
fv- «'M*«-V 1 i rS,*«.J\ tt>- m i he wonderful
lV<& SJVtf MARVEL H hiding Spray
N. >: TV>>G»s>^ih. n»« «¦< Suction. li*tt-gaf.
>v> i S^«^— «JW-Moit CocTeaient.
*.i r—r tncfUi r~ it. \ Al -— >!.
i' \.» <-\t\n<i\ iut{,:t t:.e \ AQS> in. ' m >< *^
M .4 III »:i.. i»cr»i i r.o Nl€^r ""'%'*£|O j_^
• •-i.fr. i'.:i r--i>:: tus. r *cr %t, 'f~z7?^-~'
t!lnatrat*<! hook— am.4. ItEirc* § '•/'•'^
fsil particular* &c4<lir*<tiorw i n . >/''¦ / m
rateable to ladie* MIEl>'lc(LTvl,/. 3
4irukll«w,Ie«l*rk. ¦
IS2 New lloct^cisiery. Kan Fraaciaco CaJ.
Wipain HatteroUi <L*<lle.' Dept.). 224 Sutler
Ualca Drvjr Co.. 400 Sutler and loo Stockton!
Oacood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. OalUand
Baidwin Pharmacy ..118EUU
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 ItEABVV ST. K*tab!hbe4
In 1*34 for the treatment r.f frlvnte
Dlaeiuies. Lo*t Maouood. Debility or
<;v»u» wearitifron ttodyatu! mind and
Skm DlMfMea. The Doctor core* wlien
others fall. Try him. fbarfm low.
< u rn [uario Irrd. Ca! I or write
Dr. J. I*. tilBBOS, bu Fru^laco, CaL
'AX>VCRTISC3rEXTS.
Pears'
Is there any soap but
Pears? which has been sold
in two centuries and is
selling in the third?
Sold all over the we»UL
Mark Twain
Once said, "Be good and you'll be lone-
some.** It's trae, and our laundry work
Is positive proof. It's so good that lt'i
actually lonesome — nothing else coining
within speaking distance of approach-
Ing its satisfying qualities with know-
ing patrons.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 KUZST STS2XT.
1T»l«p2ioai Iovt2i 420. -
AJDVEKJOgKALEyTg^'
The New Camel House Light!
mHiir '""iffl^im the liqht f °r
mUf TrIIbI the home • • • •
S-^B To tne Public all burners look alike.
JH m. Ad 1 Some think it is the chimney which gives
the li&ht. others think the light Is given
|9^V^ from the mantle. Only those in the busl-
WB^r ness know tnat to Bet a good, powerful
Ww H?ht you must have a burner so made
¦r >¦ that all the gas is consumed — perfect
m » combustion must take place In order to
If Jl get the full candle power out of the light.
BMMflSfl THE CAMEL HOUSE LIGHT has a
IaH|MHMHHH I burner which is perfect in construction.
¦HhWSH Ky«HB We would be pleased to show you in
Is9£&BnB8 KB our dark room the difference between
isSSEi^^HB Safil tne several kinds of burners.
Wg£\ «fl MM Camel House Light is the only light
mk*J WP/ 9« for tne home — gives a greater light than I
four of the ordinary kind and consumes i
Bjfrf B f&fi| very little gas. |
WK£'''**3BS9Samm \ No Portable drop light needed in a
ES^*' jTTijili room lighted with a Camel House Light.
IBBWB^^B^fei V "MHWimmffffripiBi 3 Price for No. 1, complete 81. o()
Hb||z Price for No. 3, with porcelain
Bftjgi shade S-.OO
Phone Jam ct 2256. 137 Stockton St.SENSITIVE WOMAN.
THE NOTIFICATION COMMITTEE
Ward Leedep— This great honor-er
overcomes me." In accepting the nom
ination I canaay nothing, but—
: ; Michael Doolan (one of the commit
tee)—All right; thin be as brief as you
can, me boy, and well forgive you. •
WHY CAUSED SHE— C. M. R., Val
lejo, Cal. In answer to the question
asked In this department a few days
since as to why,a ship is called "she."
quite a number of answers have been
received, some sensible and some hu
morous. For such the department of
" Answers to Queries" extends its
thanks to those correspondents who
Work' on; the new campanile at Ven
ice is being pushed as much as possible
and it is hoped that the entire structure
will be completed by the spring of 1906.
Examination of the .; remains of the
fallen tower proved that the bricks had
been used ¦ for various purposes at a
previous stage-Tin arches, fortifications,*
tops '. of walls, towers/ bridges,- etc The
most important > part .was that they
were not * Venetian,' but Roman bricks.
The New Campanile.
COCKROACHES — Subscriber, City.
Borax is said to be one of the best of
cockroach exterminators. There Is
something peculiar either in the smell
or touch of .borax which is certain
death to the pests. They will flee from
it and will never again appear whare
it has been placed. It has also the
great advantage of. being perfectly
harmless to human beings; hence there
is no danger from poisoning. The bo
rax, pulverized, should be ¦ sprinkled
around the infested places. It Is said
that parls' green (a deadly poison) or
a preparation of one ounce of poke
root boiled In a pint of water, then
mixed .with molasses and spread In
plates where the insects appear, will
kill cockroaches.
ANSWERS.
TO TELIi THE. STORIES.
Boy— Say, mister, you advertised for
a good story teller. What do you want
him to do?
Smith — Run the elevator.
Why are the Japanese and Chinese
"yellow?" A novel answer, says the
New York Globe, has recentlv been
given to this question, explaining like
wise why white men are white and
negroes black. . Originally every . one
was black— which can easily be be
lieved when visiting the seaside re
sorts and noting the bronzed and
leathery complexions of those who
live out of doors, exposing themselves
to the sun and wind after the manner
of primitive man. ' Abraham was
black until one day he Jumped into a
pool of clear water, whereupon his
skin became white as if by a miracle.
Noting the wonderful change, others
followed Abraham's example,' until
the once clear waters were gradually
muddled and became) browni f The
Chinese and the Japanese were a lit
tle alow and bathed in the water after
it had become brown. As for. the
"poor, lazy, shiftless niggers," before
they arrived at the pool Abraham had
ordered the caravan to move on. <• The
negroes didn't get to bathe at all, and
have remained black to this day.
ALL FINALLY EXPLAINED
It Is related that a certain family,
the Browns, had given an .Impertinent
maid notice and in consequence were
obliged to assume the duties that she
pointedly neglected. On the last day
of Katy's stay, as one of the women
of the family was hastening to answer
a ring at the front door, she was ar
rested by an explosive whisper from
the rear of the hall, where the Ir
repressible Katy, in most unpicturesj
que dishabille, was established: "Mrs!
Brown, if that's any one for me say
I'm out"
WHAT KATY SAID.
W. K. Casement, writing frcrra Ehn
hurst, says: "By a figure, of speech
called personification. Inanimate things
acquire their gender, as "The moon
rises and she shines, but the light i3
not her own*; "The sun, he is setting';
'The ship, Bhe sails well.' No excep
tion Is made whether a ship Is named
Jupiter or Juno."
A. Deinstag, writing from Oakland,
says: "According to the Latin rule,
which is followed by the English one.
women, towns, trees, countries and
Isles are feminine. Ships are logically
treated as towns or countries.""
sent them. The most logical of all is
from Professor Fred H. Hackett, who
writes: "For the enlightenment of C.
M. R., your correspondent, am pleased
to advise you that O. Brown, the pro
lific and learned grammarian, writes as
follows relative to the gender of ship:
Inanimate objects are often represent
ed figuratively as having sex. Things
remarkable for power, greatness or
sublimity are spoken of as masculine —
as the sun, time, death, etc. Things
amiable, or prolific, are spoken of as
feminine — as the moon, the earth, etc.
Figuratively, gender is indicated only
by the personal pronouns of the singu
lar number, as 'He (the sun) Is set
ting'; 'She (a ship) galls well/ The
literal gender of these nounsV-shlp,
sun, moon, etc.— Is neuter and their
logical representatives the pronoun 'it,'
but they are very generally used In
the figurative sense, as here Illus
trated." •
She had insomnia because
Her bargain scent was fine,
And so Instead of forty winks
She took Just thirty-nine.
— New York Times.
REDUCED.
Look in this glass, dear Jess, and see
The only woman loved by me;
When I look In it let me view
The only man who's loved by you.
— From the Frtnch.
ON A LOOKING-GLASS.
Physician — You may take a drink
with each meal. ; -i
Patient — I don't think it would
cgree with me to eat as often as ]that,
doctor. — Town Topics.
THEY SOLD THEM.
Automobilist— Can you help me? I've
lost my bearings. ?- ,'/
Pedestrian— You'll find a machine
shop around the corner. They sell bear
ings, I guess.
THE MARRIAGE OF COLLEGE GIRLS.
MISS ABBOTT hasi compiled statistics which show that but
few of the graduates of Vassar marry, and that perpetuation
of Vassar traditions in the second generation is imperiled by
the fact that in the families of such as do'marry the children average
only one and one-half.
Perhaps those who assume that a college education indisposes
women to domestic duties and' makes them averse to marriage
po too far. In spite of all the instructions of prudence and pawkish
ness, romance is the leading element in marriage. But' romance,
with its rainbow and bloom, its enthusiasm and optimism, its dis
regard of butter and of bread, has its period of adolescence and
decline. If the years of romance be passed by women in the se
clusion of college life, and its knock at the door of the heart be un
heard in the ambitions and scholastic interests of the classroom, the
rainbow vision seldom comes again.
The Prince on a white horse is not seen by the eye of fancy, and
man is looked upon in his natural shape as a rather uninteresting
animal, who feeds like an ox, and smokes and chews, sometimes
drinks, and seems to hs.vc his pleasures in .wading to his girthy mid
dle in trout streams, or in gunning for game. All things have their
time, and if the time of romance be spent in the workaday occupa
tions of college, in learning the relations of the hypotenuse to the
other sides of a triangle and in gazing through a telescope at the
twinkling stars and steadfast planets, the incentive to marriage has
no existence, and the bachelor maid, panoplied by her parchment,
£oes forth not fancy free even, for she has no fancy. She is a mat
ter-of-fact person, not subject to illusions.
But what of man! Poor, devil, youmay tie him to a whirling
wheel, immerse him in business, or boil him in oil, and you cannot
kill romance in him. It disturbs his dreams before he is twenty
and it flashes like the aurora borealis in his winter skies when he
is eighty. In his case neither age nor occupation can safeguard him
against it. If he isn't watched and tended he will; run. off -and get
married when he' has lost all his teeth and all his hair. A college
education does not" cure him. No education at all does not impair
the iridescent vision. Jack will idealize Jill, and Darby will invest
Joan with sweet and angelic attributes, world without end.
If all the ladies choose to indurate the romantic spot in their
hearts by going to college man will lose his interest in life and pine
and die. Then what will Vassar do?
UP-TO-DATE.
Fred — I came I to ask you ¦ for your
daughter's hand.
Her Father— Have yo t u any money,'
young man? "
Fred— Sure. Ho w high * do you ' quote
While the really short sleeved tai
lor made will hardly be accepted as
a whole, coat and cloak sleeves are
undeniably shorter.
Little lace sets are very neat. There
are three pieces. There is a strip for
the neck with its. tiny lace point In the
back and there are no triangular pieces
of lace for the cuffs. They are fasten
ed on top of the silk cuff with fancy
pins. — Brooklyn Eagle.
COCOANUT SANDWICHES.
2 tablespoonfuls pulverised sugar.
2 teaspoonfuls lemon juice.
8 tablespoonfuls grated fresh cocoa
nut.
6 tablespoonfuls cream.
2 tablespoonsfuls chopped blanched
almonds.
Use only six tablespoonfuls of co
coanut and soak It in the cream for
half an hour. Stir the ingredients to
gether and place between pieces of
buttered white bread.
In the evening fabrics orchid pink
shines forth as being very handsome
for evening wear and particularly Is it
nice for dinners and where the lights
are to be brilliant. Orchid pink Is
trimmed with bands of rose bordered
with pipftigs of black.
It is a very easy matter to let those
slights, imagined pr : real, roll off one
like water off a duck's back. It takes
a little bravery for the first three or
four weeks, but after that it comes
natural enough. /
The sensitive woman Is one of the
most miserable in the world. It
doesn't pay to be miserable, especially
when a healthy effort will bring hap
piness. — Philadelphia Inquirer. .
Every one knows her. She has two
deep lines between Jier eyes and a
plaintive droop to the corners of her
mouth and to her eyebrows.
If any one speaks harshly, he means
"Her.''
If any one criticises a fault, he
means "Her."
Whatever is said she applies to
"Self."
Every coat seems to fit her and she
puts it on.
She wears all the boots that pinch.
She carries a chip on her shoulder
from morning until night and when
ever any one comes near her she ex
pects it to be knocked off. The re
sult is the same, she Is offended,
grieved, hurt, she is so sensitive.
She is losing all the healthy en
joyment that comes her way.
She is missing half her life, be
cause she is looking for snubs.
She says she can't help It. She
can. .-r- ':-">;*•¦">¦
At the recent cattle show and fair
Mrs. Hubbard received several first
premiums for articles of fancy work
which she made herself. In addition- to
assisting in the housework she finds
time to do considerable plain and fancy
sewing. '
,/One of the smartest old women in
this part of Maine, says the Bangor
News, is Mrs. Philip Hubbard of Pal
myra. Mrs. Hubbard is 96 and Is the
oldest member of the Grange in , the
State.
PRIZE WINNER AT 96.
MARRIED 92 YEARS.
The oldest married couple in the
United States are James Davis and
wife, negroes, who live a mile from
Waelder, Tex. They have just cele
brated the ninety-second anniversary
of their marriage. Davis, is 11G years
old and his wife is 110. He was born in
Jones County, Georgia, and his wife at
Mount Sellers, Ga. They spent seventy
years in slavery. Their owner, Mrs.
Sarah Davis, brought them to Texas in
1840. «
Belt buckles are as handsome as
one can afford. But, in spite of the
great array of jeweled buckles, there
is a tendency to return to the neat
tailor-made "harness" buckle of gold
and of silver. This buckle harmonizes
well with everything.
Girdles are wide in the back, but
tapering in the front, and the latest
one show two "big brass buttons at the
back, and many of them have four of
these buttons placed two Inches apart.
A novel feature and one that will
hold its style ls'lhe ribbon rose. Rib
bon and chiffon roses are worn on
hats, on bodices, on . stocks and on
evening girdles.
A good housekeeper must - possess
power over her servants and be able to
manage them perfectly. She must also
have control over the members of her
household and be able to manage them,
but In an entirely different way. She
must have more or less executive abil
ity and be agreeable under all circum
stances. When everything goes wrong
and the head of the house Insists on
rigid economy on account of business
losses, the housekeeper, if she be the
wife, should respond cordially and sym
pathetically. Of course, she has a per
fect right to complain and ask pater
familias to cut on his use of tobacco,
expensive lunches, theater seats, etc.,
but the truly good wife never does. I
call this last an attribute of the per
fect homemaker, as well as of the dip
lomatic housekeeper.
Home-making is high art and the se
cret of it does not He in expensive fur
nishings and elaborate entertaining.
Home may represent all of this and
more, or It may mean a couple of rooms
on the top floor of an apartment-house.
It is made by the consideration of ne
cessities and essentials and placing
them above everything else. The hap
piness, the welfare and the comforts of
the family must be provided for, and
anything short of this is but a shelter
and a makeshift of a home-— Frances
Van Etten, in Leslie's Weekly.
Don't be bizarre. Don't gro to ex
tremes. It is early in the season, and,
while novelties are attractive, they
may go out of date soon.
FEW LEAVES FROM
FASHION'S NOTEBOOK
QUALITIES OF THE
GOOD HOUSEKEEPER
The choice of Mr. Kahn and Mr. Hayes was a wise choice, for
•they are fitted to the aspirations of the city and State. The cam
paign against them has been revolting and repulsive to a degree.
It has been characterized by calumny and falsehood and by appeals
to passion and prejudice, that are unbecoming in the politics of a
tree people. Let men soberly reflect that a result secured by such
appeals is always disastrous. The everlasting equities force a moral
balance, in which error is punished, and that punishment in politics
cuts the innocent down with the guilty.
San FYancisco has a great duty on hand to-day. This city by re
electing Judges Murasky, Seawell, Troutt and Kerrigan can compel
a most necessary reform in the whole State, in the election of our
judiciary. Such opportunities are infrequent and the present one
should be improved. San Francisco can give the seawall proposition
such a majority that the ill-starred opposition that has developed in
Southern California cannot overcome it. San Francisco can widen
her commercial horizon and make the most of her matchless seaport
facilities by giving the exemption of American shipping from local
lax a majority that will carry it against all opposition. It is unbe
coming in a great seaport and maritime State like this to put a
penalty on the American flag, to degrade it below the untaxed flags
that fly over foreign ships. This is an issue in which pride, patriot
ism and interest all unite, and San Francisco should vote to remove
the ban from the Stars and Stripes.
The election of two working Congressmen, the building of the
seawall, the reform in choosing Judges and the exemption of Amer
ican shipping from taxes that foreign shipping does not pay afce the
matters of keenest local concern in to-day's election. They appeal
to the intelligence, the prudence and the sentiment of self-preserva
tion of the people of this city. This is a metropolis ; let it be met
ropolitan in doing what is demanded by its dignity, its welfare and
its progress.
The Call has uttered its conscience in these matters throughout
the campaign, and its voice has been for the guidance of all citizens,
irrespective of party. Others may differ from # us in their view of
local policy, but none can dispute the sincerity of motive with which
we have desired to do the best for the future of San Francisco and
California. . • . •"
%elopment
T^HE national campaign has been the- most peculiar that the
country has had since the second election of Mr. Monroe, which
is caHed the Golden Age of American politics. The party con
ventions this year roused but little interest. The common sense of
the country- seems to have concluded, at the beginning, that there was
nothing in the condition of the country that required a change, and
that a change was therefore to be avoided by the re-election of a
Republican administration, which has glorified itself by con
spicuously beneficial achievement.
So plain was it that this was the will and purpose^)/ the country
that men who had determined what their duty is went about their,
business, waiting with patience for election day to record their ex
pression. This feeling was shared by the independent vote, that
large body of citizens who consider it a solemn and patriotic duty
to vote at Presidential elections, even though they leave local poli
tics to take care of itself in the intermediate years. These conditions
have resulted in a conspicuously unexcited campaign. There have
been no marching processions, no impassioned gatherings, no fiery
discussions on the streets between individuals, no straw votes on
the railway trains.
The last week was enlivened by Judge Parker's reiteration of a
slander involving the President and Mr. Cortelyou ; by the Presi
dent's vigorous and manly' reply, which was conclusive of the issue,
and by Mr. Cleveland's interview, in the manliest way indorsing
Mr. Cortelyou *s honor and honesty and career, though singularly
lamenting that he had taken the chairmanship of the National Com
mittee, as if honest men, as he declares Cortelyou to be, were not
wanic-d at 1hc head of party committees. These closing incidents
have only increased the volume and momentum of the movement
toward President Roosevelt, so that his supporters can say With con
fidence, on ;his morning of the day of battle and of ballots, that
the country is with him. , }
Hen- in San Francisco we owe certain duties to our city and
ourselves v.hich we cannot snub nor avoid. This city, not any party,
but the city, owes it to itself to secure two working members of the
next House of Representatives, in place of the two non-working Rep
resentatives who were elected in a reactionary spasm two years ago.
It will be amazing if this city do not back up the majority it will
give President Roosevelt by sending Kahn and Hayes to support
the President in the House, and do something for San Francisco.
We cannot believe that our people will falter in this duty, because
the natter totiches the vitals of our business and goes to the inter
ests of every citizen. We have presented it throughout the cam
paign as something that goes beyond party politics, and concerns
bur position among the cities of the country, our place in commerce
and our step with the great procession of American progress and de-
A LAST WORD.
• • •
Miss Brooke Rose will leave to-mor
row for a' six months' tour of Mexico.
She goes with Dr. and Mrs. Wheeler,
who expect to remain away until
Mrs. Charles Webb Howard Is at
Newport, where she will remain till the
first of the year.
The Russian colony of San Francisco
was entertained last Thursday on the
Russian warship Lena at Mare Island,
the occasion being the anniversary of
the accession to the throne of Emperor
Nicholas. The staff of the Russian
cathedral was present, holding divine
services on board, with the Rev. Father
Sebastian as celebrant.
Miss Clarisse Lohse was the hostess
yesterday for Miss Isabel Kendall, the
most widely feted of our brides-to-be.
The occasion was a luncheon laid for
twelve at the Piedmont Club, a delight
ful *pot, and with the perfect weather
and so many happy, pretty maids a
gladder sight could not be imagined.
"Allenoak," the beautiful new home
of Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Freeman in
Berkeley, will be thrown open for the
first time this evening in honor of Mr.
and Mrs. Frederick S. Gutterson, who
will give a programme of classic mu
sic. The affair will be one of artlstio
and social prominence.
Assisting Mrs. Dutton, Mrs. Williar
end Miss Wllliar were Mrs. Henry Fos
ter Dutton, Mrs. Thomas Benton Dar
ragh, Mrs. Ralph Hart, Mrs. Charles P.
Klndelberger, Mrs. Stafford Parker,
Miss Elsa Draper, Miss Gertrude Dut
ton, Miss Josephine Loughborough,
Miss Mabel Watkins, Miss Ursula Stone,
Miss Elizabeth Cole, Mrs. Clarence Car
rigan and Miss Elizabeth Zane.
The red parlors"*bf .the St. Francis
were most attractive yesterday after
noon, filled as they w«re with a large
number of society women handsomely
gowned. The affair, a tea given by Mrs.
W. Grayson Dutton,' Mrs. Harry Wll
liar and Miss Etelka Wllliar, was de
lightful, the three hostesses meeting
with as warm a welcome as they gave
to their guests; " The occasion served
formally to Introduce Miss Willlar, who
Is listed with the season's debutantes..
Mrs. Charles Stetson Wheeler will
give a reception next Saturday In honor
of Mme. Fannie Francisca, The affair
will be held at 1565 Bush stret, from 3
to 6 p. m.
• • .•
Miss Lucy Bancroft has gone East to
spend a few months visiting relatives
and friends in Philadelphia and New
York.
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Martin sailed last
week for Europe on the Baltic. They
will winter In the south of France.
Mrs. Gerrlt Livingston Lansing has
returned to town from her summer
home In Alameda and will be at the St.
Dunstan through the winter.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. R. II. Pease, Mls« May
llta Pease and R. H. Pease Jr., who
have been spending the summer In
Portland, left for home last night and
are due to arrive here to-morrow morn
ing.
Bishop Tlkhon of the Greek Russian
orthodox diocese of North America will
arrive in San Francisco Thursday from
New York. Bishop Innocent of the dis
trict of Alaska Is In the city awaiting
Bishop Tlkhon.
The engagement has been announced
of Miss Helena Hlnz of Mill Valley and
Lieutenant Edwin Davis of the-U. B. S.
Thetis. . .
Mrs. Thomas Patterson Woodward
and Miss Woodward will be at home.
2799 Pine street, to-day from 3 to 6
o'clock. Next Tuesday and the second
and third Tuesdays in December will
also be receiving days for Mn. Wood
ward and her daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. Wigginton Creed have
returned from their wedding trip and
are living In Oakland.
spring. Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Sel
den S. Wright, who 13 Miss Rose's aunt,
entertained at tea from 3 to 6 o'clock In
honor of the travelers, whose many
friends gathered to bid them adieu.
Mrs. "Wright was assisted in receiving
by Miss Brooke Rose. Mrs. Hellman,
Miss Anita Rose and Miss Booth.
BY SALLY SHflRP-
UNCLE SAM: "After all is said and
done, he's still 'Good Enough for Me.'"
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
.umS D. SPRECKELS..... - ? Proprl ctor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATION'S TO ,.„%
SOBS ytcXAVGHT Manager
JTELICATION OFFICE... THIRD AND MARKET STREET?. SAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY • NOVEMBER 8, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, TUESDAY, . NOVEMBER 8, MO*
COPYRIGHT. 1904. BY SPECIAL, ARRANG EMEXT OP THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. W ITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
8
When a worn" wants people to be-
lieve .her old family, horse is young
and wild, she has wood buttons put on
the reins to show how hard It Is to
hold him.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cal-
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*Morton Mills was arrested about 2
o'clock yesterday morning at Twenty
fifth and Church streets by Policeman
Fred O'Neill and locked up in "the
tanks" at the City Prison pending de
velopments. O'Neill first saw him at
Twenty-fifth and Sanchez streets,
where . Mills was trying the door of
Fred Welsmann's grocery. . He fol
lowed and arrested him. Mills. had
his hand clutching a revolver, in his
trousers pocket. 0S«!
Mills told Captain Burnett yester
day that he was a miner and had
worked in the Monte Rio mine at Col
fax. He lived on Harrison '/street, near
Tenth, but he did not know the num
ber. He was troubled with insomnia
through working on the night, shifts
at the mine and was In the habit of
taking morning walks. ' He always car
ried a revolver. .He denied having
shaken Weismann's door. If nothing
else can be found against him he' will
be charged with carrying a concealed
weapon. - .
AXJJUEGED COLFAX MINER'
ARRESTED OX SUSPICION"
It takes so little to make & mother
boast.
A large audience, among whom were
many well-known men, enjoyed a lec
ture by Theodore H. Hittell last night
at the Academy of Sciences Hall. The
Eubject chosen by the lecturer was
•The Place In History of the. California
Pioneers."
Hlttell Lectures on Pioneers. . v
BREXKAX DECISION POSTPONED. —
Judjre LiwIt yesterday postponed till No
vi>mber 12 his declelon on the demurrer fn
trrpoaed by Dr. Thomas F. Brennan. charged
with (rrand l&rcray for stealing $37,654 from
Rev. Father P. J. Grey. The dismissal of the
information is atkrd on the ground that it
war not filed within three years alter the date
or the commission of the alleged offense.
The petition of Peter Rublno for a
writ of mandamus to compel the
Mayor to declare the office of Police
Commissioner held by H. W. Hutton,
"special chief of police for 1129 Du
pont street," vacant and to appoint
his successor was withdrawn yester
day without , prejudice for a week.
Attorney Collins says that after the
week. expires a new petition will' be
filed and the grounds will .be made
stronger.
Hutton Gets? Week's i Respite.
Tbe December Delineator, with Its message
of good cheer and helpfulness, will be wel
comed In every . home. The fashion pares are
unusually attractive, Illustrating and describ
ing the very latest modes in a way to mako
their construction during the busy festive sea
son a pleasure instead of a task, and the
literary and pictorial features are of rare ex
cellence. A selection of Love Songs from
the Wagner Operas, rendered into English by
Richard de Oallienne and beautifully illus
trated in colors by J. C. Leyendecker, occupies
a prominent place, and a chapter In tho
Composers' Series, ; relating the Itomance ot
Wagner and Cosima, is an Interesting sup
plement to the lyrics. A very clever paper
entitled "The Court Circles of the' Republic"
describing some. unique phases of Washington
social life is from an unnamed contributor,
who is said to write from the inner circles of
society. There afe short stories from the pens
of F. Hopklnson Smith, Robert Grant, Alice
Brown, Mary Stewart Cutting and Elmore
Elliott Peake, and tuch interesting writers as
Julia Magruder, I>. Frank Baum and Grace
MacGowan Cooke hold the attention ¦ of " the
children. Many Christmas suggestions are
civen in needlework and the Cookery pages
are redolent of the Christmas reast. In ad
dition, there are the regular departments of
the magazine, with many special articles on'
topics relating to woman's interests within and
without the home. ¦
The Christmas Delineator.
Upon application of H. P. Hobson
and nine other holders of the get-rich
quick contracts of the Interstate Mer
cantile Security Company, Judge Heb
bard yesterday appointed J. J. Groom
as receiver of the concern. A suit for
an accounting, injunction and recov
ery of $24,000 paid in by more than
800 contract holders was filed. The
defendants, besides the company,
were W. J. Howey, W. J. Morgareidge,
J. C. Brummer and the Continental
Realty Company, the latter concern
having, it is said, succeeded to the
business of the mercantile company.
The contract in this instance prom
ises a $200 two-carat diamond for
$100 paid in weekly .installments of
$1.25 each. The complaint alleges that
of the $24,000 received more than
$10,000 has. been appropriated wrong
fully by the members of the company
and charged up as "expense." The
business is declared to be . unlawful
and the complaint says the United
States Postofflce Department is pre
paring to proceed against the fraud.
Suit Against Get-Rich-Quick Concern
for Accounting: and Recovery
of $24,000.
a writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of P. Marsicano and remanding
him Into custody of the police. He
is the owner of the buildings at 1129
Dupont street- The writ was* applied
Tor to stop the police from arresting
him daily for allowing the buildings to
be utilized for immoral purposes. !
Following Judge Cook's action At
torney George D. Collins sought re
lief for his client in a suit for injunc
tion against the city and county, the
police court and the Chief of Police,
to prevent the multiplicity of prosecu
tions for the offense of which Marsi
cano has been charged. Marsicano
was convicted October 24 and fined
3500. and ears that he haa been, re
arrested on the same charge. He has
appealed from the first conviction and
attacks the constitutionality of the
ordinance governing the case.
Marsicano also began action against
Paul Vincent, his tenant, to recover
possession of the property, alleging
that Vincent uses it for Immoral pur
poses against the owner's consent. The
lea«»e to Vincent was made in July,
1S01. and the rent fixed at J200 a
month.
Judge Cook made a formal order
yesterday denying the application for
Owner of Dnpont-Str««t Property
Now Snes for Injunction to Pre
vent Prosecution.
RECEIVER IS APPOINTED
FOR GOIiDEN* PliOMISERS
JUDGE COOK DECLINES
TO RELEASE 3IARSICANO
The Twenty-eighth Infantry, Col
onel W. Li. Pitcher commanding, has
departed from the Presidio, where* it
has been aince April. Companies L
and M left Sunday morning for Fort
Lincoln, and the rest of the regi
ment left in two special trains yester
day morning shortly before noon for
Fort Snelling, Minn.
Colonel Pitcher during his stay
here has brought his regiment up to
a marked state of efficiency. He has
also done a great deal of work in im
proving and beautifying the canton
ment.' "Where barren fields existed
are now lawns and gardens filled with
bright flowering plants.
] Besides Colonel Pitcher, among the
officers who have been particularly
popular with the townsfolk, are Cap
tain J. J. O'Connell, Captain John H.
Parker, Captain James A. Lynch;
Captain Alfred W. BJornstad and
Lieutenants O. P. Robinson and Wil
liam E. Gillmore.
The transport Thomas arrived at
Honolulu from Manila on Sunday, and
sailed from that port for San Fran
cisco yesterday. She will be due here
on the 15th* instant. She brings
Major General James F. Wade, who
is returning from his command of the
Philippines division.
Major William Stephenson has
returned to the Presidio after a six
weeks' stay in the East, during which
he visited his old home in Portland,
Maine, the principal cities of the East,
and enjoyed a week's stay at the St
Louis exposition.
Major Parker W. West is in Wash
ington, D. C, where he will remain
until the 12th, and then will turn his
steps homeward, stopping at St Louis
eh route.
Colonel Pitcher and His Staff of Pop
ular Officers Leave Many
Friends In Town.
TWENTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT
DEPARTS FOR EASTERN POSTS
The Southern Pacific Company was
advised yesterday from Chicago that
the Transcontinental Passenger Asso
ciation' has fixed the period for the
sale of colonist rates during the year
1905 from March l'to May 15 and
from September 15 to October 31.
According to the data now being gath
ered by the passenger department of
the Southern /Pacific Company the
colonist traffic- of the present year haa
been the heaviest during any period
of the business. Although complete
returns from Eastern points have not
yet been received by the company, the
figures already gathered show that the
sale of westbound colonist tickets dur
ing the thirty days ending October 15
averaged 800 a day. , -;. ¦.,•,•;¦'
Colonist Traffic 1 - Very Heavy.
SUES CITT FOR DAMAGES.— Ann Flynn
yesterday filed suit against the members of
the Board of Works and their sureties for
damages In the sum of $10,300 for Injuries al
leged to have been sustained on November 9.
1902. by falling; on a defective sidewalk at
Fifth and Brannan streets.
"It's, all right^fora woman to boss
her husband- bo ,;lons as she doesn't
let him know it.' "
The time allowed for the keeping
unburied of the unidentified dead in
the case of the body of the young man
found on the ocean beach last Thurs
day expired last night. Mrs. Bertha
Conness of 618 Post street, who had
given an order to Undertaker Metzler
for the, burial was engaged in gather
ing the fees necessary for \that pur
pose. She invested about $15 in flow
ers, the latest contribution by her be
ing a beautiful floral. pillow.
She said yesterday that the name of
the dead man was McGinn; that he
was a race track tout and that he
was murdered on the ocean beach by
race track sharps for betraying their
secrets. Mrs. Conness talks queerly at
times and the police do not place
much credence in her story.
Says That. Young Man Found on
Ocean Beach on Thursday Was
Murdered by Sharps.
MRS. OONXESS BUYS
PILLOW FOR THE DEAD
That family, no matter what part of
the world any branch of it might be,
or no matter what the different lan
guages the branches might speak, pre
served Its own literature, religion and
genius and maintained the associa
tions of olden times, together with its
moral and intellectual attributes.
Rabbi Voorsanger delivered an in
teresting lecture last night at Emaou-
El Sisterhood, 1248 Folsom street,
dealing with Jewish people, race and
nationality. With an intimate knowl
edge of the world's history from the
most remote ancient period the rabbi
traced the Hebrew, and, while to-day,
he said, the Jews were not a nation
because they were not endowed with
a country or political sovereignty, they
were remarkable in that hey are the
"only ancient family preserved in the
world."
Rabbi Voorsanger Says Hebrew Is the
"Only Ancient Family Preserved
in the World.
GIVES A LECTURE ON
1 JEWISH INDIVIDUALITY
The effort of Emily Fritz to obtain
a legal severance of the galling bonds
which bind her to John R. Fritz,
money lender, . was futile. Judge
Graham yesterday denied the wife's
prayer. Last spring Mrs. Fritz sued
for divorce on the ground of cruelty,
but after hearing the case Judge
Graham persuaded the couple to make
up. Soon afterward ehe renewed her
suit, again charging cruelty and al
leging that Fritz had struck her be
cause she stayed out too late visiting
a friend. The wife's evidence was
largely about her husband's penu
riousness. He got big returns by
placing some of his $20,000 at 4 per
cent a month, but only allowed his
better x half $7 a month to spend. It
was said that he measured the ham
and sugar to keep track of how much
she used.
On October 4 a final decree of di
vorce was entered In Judge , ; . Gra
ham's court for Richard F. Dawaon
from Elizabeth Dawson, and the man
was about to take another bride when
it was discovered that the interlo
cutory decree granted September 22,
1903, had not been docketed. This
necessitated the setting aside of the
final decree, and to straighten the
records the interlocutory decree was
entered on November 6 as of Sep
tember 22 of last year, and yesterday
another final decree was given. Daw
son may now marry again.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Murasky to Lillian V. Haed
rich from James Haedrich, desertion;,
by Judge Sloss to Sylvia A. Martin
from. Louis E. Martin, desertion; by
Judge Graham to Richard J. Curtin
from Mary Curtin, infidelity.
A suit for divorce on the ground of
cruelty was filed yesterday by Mrs. E.
M. Robinson against Thomas P. Rob
inson, a salesman for Brown &
Power, stationers. She says he earns
$250 a month and she asks. for $125
alimony and- $250 for counsel fees^
His abuse, according to the com
plaint, began a month after their mar
riage, In 1896. and continued until the
fourth of the present month, since
which time she has not seen him.
His favorite act of. cruelty was to
threaten to cut her throat with a
carving knife or a razor.
Other suits for divorce were filed
by Jennie. Olson against John Olson,
cruelty; ¦ diaries GIbney against
Adelaide GIbney, "cruelty and deser
tion; Ella de Joia against Matteo-v de
Joia, Infidelity with May Thornton;
Alice Elizabeth Roberts against Ed
ward F. Roberts, cruelty; Dorrls D.
Ulrlch against John F. Ulrich, who Is
said to have received loving letters
from other women; Maggie Pitt
against W. J. Pitt, desertion; Calvin S.
Smith against Lottie Smith, desertion.
The birth of a posthumous child has
given Mrs. Minnie Kramm ' another
chance to bring an action against her
mother-in-law, Mrs. Augusta Simons,
for a share of her late-husband's estate,
and yesterday she began suit to recover
for the child what would have been its
father's share in the old Kramm prop
erty had he lived until he was 30 years
of age. '
The plaintiff in the case is the widow
of the late Henry C. Kramm, who at
his death disinherited her and left his
interest in the estate of his father to
his mother, Mrs. Augusta Simons. Mrs.
Kramm began a contest of the will, but
the proceedings were dismissed through
a compromise, whereby she -relin
quished her claim' for a sum exceeding
$2000. Her husband's interest in the es
tate of his father was valued at about
$14,000. '
Since the dismissal of the action, how
ever, a baby girl has been born to her,
and. she has now begun suit against
her mother-in-law on behalf of the
child. As the baby was not born at the
time of the compromise, she, of course,
was not included in the agreement, and
it is contended that she lost none of
her rights by the agreement made by
her mother.
The Baptist Ministers' Association
met yesterday and was addressed by.
the Rev. C. H. Cook of Bloomfleld, N.
k J., •', on- "Stewardship in the Local
Churches."
It was 'announced that the General
Baptist Convention of Northern and
Central California will meet in the
First Baptist Church, San Jose, from
November 9 to the 13th, inclusive.
At the Congregational Ministers' As
sociation yesterday there was a dis
cussion on the National Congregation
al Convention held in Des Molnes.
The Rev. C. R. Brown, Dr. H.
Melville Tenny, Dr. W. "W^EaiTtef and
Dr. I. C. Meserve were < tftespeakers.
The Congregational Ministers' Re
lief Society elected the following.offi
cers: Dr. W. ' C". Pond, president; Rev.
"W. Frear, secretary and treasurer,
and the Rev. Joseph Rowell, auditor;
board of 'directors— Dr.' W. C. Pond,
Rev. Walter^Frear, Rev. J. K. Harri
son, Rev. r Joseph Rowell arid' George
T. Hawley.- : /•; ; ' ¦'"¦ ~~':.-\''r "' '¦¦',-
Dr. Dille, Dr. Klrby and; Dr. George
W. White addressed the association.
The conference committee ¦ on ag
gressive evangelism met at .Epworth
Hall yesterday afternoon, the Rev. W.
W. Case In the chair. Sub-committees
were appointed for various districts,
each presiding elder of the district be
ing the chairman. The districts, with
chairmen, are: San Francisco district,
Dr. W. S. Matthew; San Jose, Dr. John
Kirby; Oakland, Dr. John Coyle;
Napa, Dr. Pearson; Sacramento, Dr.
B. D. McCreary.
The Kev..F. S. Bush, D.D., spoke be
fore the Presbyterian Ministers' Asso
ciation'yesterday on the question of
the proposed union of the Presbyterian
and. .the._ Cumberland Presbyterian
churches, as framed by the last Gen
eral Assembly.
Dr. Bush thought that the assembly
had allowed a momentary enthusiasm
on the abstract idea of union to blind
them as to certain Important consider
ations which made actual union un
wise.
The Rev. W. W. Case. D.D., of Sac
ramento attended the Methodist Min
isters* Association yesterday, and dur
ing an address on; aggTessive evangrel
istic effort he said the .work should be
pursued by the young members of
the church, and if the young people
could, not.. reach the "starched and
well dressed and well kept,", then they
should turn their energies to" the plain
people. ,
Stationery Salesman Is Ac
cused of Threatening to
Cut Better Half s Throat
Compromise of Father's Es
tate Does Not Include
Interest ¦ of Unborn Heir
Baptists Are to Meet at
San Jose Wednesday for
a Five Days' Conference
WANTS INFANT'S SHARE
LONG DKAWN. CRUELTY
ANNOUNCE CONVENTION
Various Matters Come Up
for Discussion Before
Ministers' Associations
Judge Graham Turns Down
Wife's Second Attempt to
Obtain Legal Separation
Mother of Posthumous Child
of Henry Kramm Brings
Action for Inheritance
DENIES DIVORCE
TO MRS. FRITZ
BIRTH OF GIRL
CAUSES A SUIT
CLERGY GATHER
TO DELIBERATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER, 8, 1904.
9
CxOING*! GOING-!! GONE 111
itEfjoa miun ii. mnaoE ma un n. too ute fob euficicl
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIOINAL remedy that "kUU the Daadrafl(knn'* '
TnG Rfl nfe) t tnd »Kn CliWnt** \>\<r * h0 took (Undraff scales from a student who wts
.' Prof. Unna. the wcrid's greatest dermatologist them with vaseline rubbed the same upon a rutnea
> <a»k your doctor about him ) was the first to-dls- plf and the pig became bald. , Newbro's Herpl-
i cover the microblc and cocu^ious nature of true clde Is the ortrinjl dandruff eerm destroyer. It
l candn»». Hts discovery wts verified by Or. 'kills the mlcroblc growth and permit* the hair to
r Sabourand, of Pahs, who denuded a rabbit with rrow as nature Intended. A wonderful hair saver.
I human dandryff flakes. Also by Lassar and Bishop A dellthtful dressing. Stops Hchlne Instmlly. ,
ta( Mm, SUM. Sen« ioc, ttanps. to HERRCIOE CO, OepL H. Detroit. ICicft^ far a tanple. ,
1 APFXJCATTOYS AT FXOL'irEKT BAUI1 SEOP8, :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|^& printings]
W A * Cvtt Prices |
You are sure to be pleased with my
work. Others are. The quality Is
right and the price Is way down.
DEVELOPING; I .
Roll of 6 10c|Koll of 12... .ISO
P KIN Till Ox
Solio finish.. 3c-5o | Velox finish.. 3o-6o
Buy an ANSCO OAMSBA. Has
quick and powerful lens. Is accurate
and easy to operate. 82.00 up.
CTKO Printing Paper prints b>
gaslight. Gives clear and beautiful
detail. Try it.e
DAYLIGHT X.OADXHG riUMS —
The best made. Popular prices.
C0NXZ.I3TS SSLT-XTLLXVO PEW
Fills by simply pressing a spring.
Keeps the fingers - clean. Does not
drip nor sweat. Always ready.
#3.OO up.
• Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. "W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 MAKKET STREET. OPP. TUtfc.
v SAN FRANCISCO.
GRAN-D.S555g|
ELECTIOV BZTOTUrS WZZiXi' BE
BEAD rSOM THE STAGS TO.
MIGHT.
LAST WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAT.
JANE CORCORAN
Supported by ANDREW ROBSON In
PRETTY PEGGY
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
THE PATA3U "WEDDING— —
The Show of-the Season!
John T. Kelly and Company; Tw*1t«
Navajo Qlxla; , Canfleld and Carleton;
Wee Jeanie Fletcher; Beed and Shaw;
" Watson. Hntehlnsrs, Edwards and Com-
pany; Tho Misses Delaiore and Halley
and Sleehan.
SPEClAL^-EIectlon Returns Will Be Read
from the Stage To-ni^ht.
Heeular Matineeu Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 25c
and 50c. ¦ ' ¦ ' -
SECOND WJBBK
,' Of . tbe trreat Musical Comedy Triumph
Messenger
¦ ' A sT^ / A
Superb S-^« fa \/ Great
Scenic ||S & g Tivoll
Sensation '"-^ " ¦ Cast
Usuar Tivoll Driees iSc. BOc, ¦ 73«.
Seats always selling; Only Mat. Saturday.
|i\ v j Where grumblers
» %? . find no fault and all
\ \\, connoisseurs sing
.v- % i| the same song of
ji-w' praise. : ; i :
i 5fe The best of
••:. "•.. everything
"'•v... \\ i>roperly served
•¦•^^ ' /* Hungarian
,p^^Cfcrj==* Orchestra
• V:-- .... . — r Under
\\ v \ Bernat Jaulus
J \ \ Direction of
A L \y^^^ Restaurant* Co.
N^AVtCoeKCo. B..WILSON, Pres.
121-127 Mason at.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MAS Off.
FINE LEATHER VIOLIN CASES.
The Bar Association of San Francisco
¦ Recommend for Re-election as SUPERIOR
JUDGES the Present . Incumbents
" • Whoae ¦ Names Are
JAMES M. SEAWEI.Ii
JAMES M. TBOUTT
7BABTK J. MUBA3KT
TBAMI H. KBBMQA J
Vfacp D0NfT FAIL T0
i aiawv fee the beautifu i
:¦¦'¦•' 'i •;'•' COURT Lounging
i\f\d room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
r -^- A PALM ROOM, the
urand louis xv pa r-
U1 UIIU LOR, and the LA.
n A i A i^ DIES* WRITING
I iiotels I room.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ' USE ' D AMI AN A . BITTERS. 'THE
Great Mexican Remedy: give* health and
: strenstA to sexual organ*. -.. Depot." 823 ' Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
kULUiwlPlA LEADING THEA.2E
WINST BY
A LARGE
MAJORITY.
Henry W. Savag* Offsra
George Ade's Quaint
Comedy - Drama.
THE
COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
BIO CAST.
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
Nightly. Including Sunday. ,,
Matinee Saturday Only.
FUNNIEST
PLAY IN
TOWN.
Election Ketnrns Will B*
j BwdTrom Staars To-JTlarht.
/-CALIFORNIA-.
ELECTION RETURNS T0-NI6HT
OTIS B. THATER and OERTRUDS
BONDHIIX.
In tho Beautiful Pastoral Comedy-
Drama,
SWEET CLOVER
First Time Her. After Flv« Tears of
Enormous Eastern Success.
For th« Saturday night performance
of this piece the students of Stanford
University have purchased 1600 seats.
Next Sunday Matinee — The furiously
funny farce, the big hit of last year.
A FRIEND OF THE FAMILT.
ATTA7A T) Belasco A Mayer.
General Uanarcr.
Election Returns To-Night.
Tal» Week — Mats. Sat. and Sun.
A. C. Gunter'a Merriest Comedy.
PRINCE U-
That mad*
w w- . ¦»-"*. v Manafleld
KARL I ""^
Evgs. 20c to 73o. Mats. Fat & Sun.. 23c to 50a.
NEXT MOVD AT— Clyde's mcb'» Great Play.
THE CLIiY\BERS
For the first Urn. In stock. '
CENTRAL*!?
Market st., sear Eighth. Phone South C33.
Election ficturns To-Night
TO-NIGHT— AXX, THIS WKEK.
MATS. SAT. & SITS.
Thrilling Melodramatla Success,
"HEB MARRIAGE VOW"
THE TKRRIB1JB TRAI5I COIXIBION!!!
FIGHT FOR LIFE ON THB PRECIPICKtt?
8PELLBINDINO ALX. THB "WAT!!?
PRICES — Eve., 10a to 60c Mats., 10c, 15c, 23a.
Next— WINCHESTER.
B. W. BISHOP. Leseea and Manager.
TO-NIGHT jglBEgS. TfflSWEEK
Olrrer Moroseo offers HOWARD OOUUX J.
II. GILMOUR and the entire Majestic
Theater Company la
An American Citizen
NIGHT PRICES— 25c to 73c.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
ELECTION RETURNS will be read from
the stags between acts tola evening.
Election Returns To-Night
PETCHING~BROTHERS
And a Splendid Show Ererr Afteraooa
asd E-r entny la the. Tneatex.
TAKE A RIDE ON THB
MUTCATUKE ELECTRIC RAIX.BOAJP.
AMATEUK NIGHT THIJRSDAT.
LOOK OUT F03 THE JOHNSTOWN FL003
ADMISSION. ...'. .10c CHILDREN So
When Phoning Aak for The- Chutes."
jmSCELLAXEODS AMUSiJadtKNTS*
HENRT LUBELSKI. Genaral Manager.
A Veritable 'TEN STRIKE." Thousands
turned from tbe door*. Our Vaudeville Show
pronounced the Greatest In the World for tbe
price. 10c and 20c. ., First Matinee to-day at
2:30. Matinees dally, and continuous Matinees
Saturday and Sunday hereafter . from 2 to 5
o'clock. Two performances every evening, 7:30
& 9. See our newly Imported Movln* Pictures.
Election Returns' To-Day.
_APVERTISEMENTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. II. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over SO years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
« Just-as-g-ood*? are but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, . Drops and Soothing: Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee-. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and "Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething" Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving' healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The KM You Me Always Bought
ym Bears the Signature of
In Use For' Over 30 Years.
TMK C«NT»U« COMWtWT. TT MURMV •THCCT. NCWTOHN CITY.
ABVEKTibOlEXTS.
MX$pSGB%*^~>i: '¦••' ?it^fri5*.*^5vj 1^- •¦ . Jt.'*.--3JmBHi
WmmT r '- *~ '''¦' ''¦'&'"' ¦'' <•"•'>'¦ -'J JfJinriB«
/«tjr» — v. '' .'"%•¦• s? .• '¦' ¦' ¦K '¦ '¦' ¦' v\- ¦ > • _ ?*rSot^a
I. *w 9H^ •. \ / ;." v/ 1 .^. .
I ¦ 'B^s , •"»• •'• -*?\ S *" /' y' ''.'r"' ?'»•?* *r j^^MMgJ
J -*jjB>» .* '¦' i* * , ¦*^ x -^. S ? .*<-¦¦>. l-.,^ ; :iiS/ypB^a
\ t .^ * */. '''.'"•¦'','.;. '•-. r"*» /¦• £" •** ?*y? f ?Z I^^^r^^JW
Fi^f ''•'.".' • •• '.'V.'y>. ."'*'•¦•¦'. '¦'¦- '''¦'i'i'/x'/'''--' **\ •• '¦ .y"'-:' *¦ i "' x ' ; t"--;' : "'
If • * # *iV***' * '•** * " »•' *v^ •*"' •-* > c *' *'• . < v3
IgMrs. Anderson, a prominent society |f
woman of Jacksonville, Fla., daughter of
Recorder of Deeds, West, who witnessed
her signature to the following letter, praises
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" Deab Mrs. Pet kiiaji : — There are but few wives and mothers "who
have not at times endured agonies and such pain as only women know.
I wish such women knew the value of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. It is a remarkable medicine, different in action from any
I ever knew and thoroughly reliable.
" I have seen cases where women doctored for years without perma-
nent benefit, who were cured in less than three months after taking your
Vegetable Compound, while others who were chronic and incurable
came out cured, happy, and in perfect health after a thorough treatment
with this medicine. I have never used it myself without gaining great
benefit. A few doses restores my strength and appetite, and tones up
the entire system. Your medicine has been tried and found true, hence
I fully endorse it." — Mks. R. A. Axdebson, 225 "Washington St., Jack-
sonville, Fla,
Mrs. Re<?d, 2425 E. Cumberland St., Philadelphia, Pa., says t
j&r»&> u Deab Mks. Pikkdam: — I feel it my duty
jdgfegHaS&fc to write and tell you the good I have received
J^^^^^^^k * rom dia E- Pinkham's Vegetable Cora-
{hxW vila " k aVQ been a great sufferer with female
h iJsi*^ "*& *i£^ kP^ trpuble, trying different doctors and medicines
iMwfiial W no b. enell k Two years ago I went under
i*35|Eik /L^ 9 an operation, and it left me in a very weak
lg|§a3Ha «==*» / condition. I had stomach trouble, backache,
|Ppa||§|3v / headache, palpitation of tbe heart, and was very
*S*^~&*zh**^ nervous; in fact, I ached all over. I find
K-'v"^ yours is the only medicine that reaches
' 9W i\ I\] Mv*/ WW*v sucl1 troubles, and would cheerfully reo-
PJ tin '/Mil V o^mend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
*i « f:W, % 1 * Compound to all suffering women."
When women are troubled with irregular or painful menstruation, "weak-
ness, leUKorrhaea, displacement or ulceration of the womb, that bea.ring'-down
feeling 1 , inflammation of the ovaries, backache, flatulence, general debility,
indigestion, and nervous prostration, they should remember there is one tried
and true remedy. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at one*
removes such troubles.
The experience and testimony of some of the most noted
women of America go to prove, beyond a question, that Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will correct all such trouble at
once by removing the cause and restoring the organs to a healthy
and normal condition. If in doubt, write Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn,
Mass, as thousands do. Her advice is free and helpful.
Xo other medicine for women in the world has received such wide-
spread and unqualified endorsement. Xo other medicine has such a
record of cures of female troubles. Refuse to buy any substitute.
0PAAA FORFEIT if w« cannot fortbuith product tho original letten asd signatures of
\ H 1 1 1 i 1 1 r *> Ve»tynonia!i, which yrill prPT« thrir absolute r enulurnem.
WWUUU Ljdia E. Pinkham ilediclne Co., Lynn, Mas*.
ADV^TISEMEXTS.
ly^r and warmth
fjgr j long before
Vw m other food could be dlgwted.
W / LIEBIG COMPANY'S EXTRACT
I b of Beef diuoives quickly In hot
I m water,": making : ¦ perfect • beef -
Ifl ' tea, doll cats In flavor tnd free
II from fat, sediment or aduKera*
m\ tion. A bracer without reaction.
I Get the genuine with blue signa-
; H %k ture of i. v. Liebig as shown above.STOCKTON. Nov. ,7.— J; C. Gage, an
old resident of this city, prominent in
Republican politics, died at his home
yesterday at the age' of 75 years. The
deceased came to Stockton in 1852.
Pioneer of Stockton Dies.
The trade of the Congro Free State,
combined, imports and exports,
amounted in 1903 to 37,889,000 francs
($16,962,258). The principal coun
tries supplying goods imported by
Congo, with the value of the Imports
from each, were: Belgium, 16,500,000
francs (?3.1S4,500) ; England, 2,800,000
francs ($540,400: France. 1,700,000
francs ($358,100) ; Holland, ,_ 1,000,000
francs ($193,000), and Germany, 800,000
francs (5156,400). The f drelgnjtrade" has
considerably increased during ; the past
year. '
Congo Free State Trade.
The San Francisco Training School
Nurses* Alumni met yesterday after
noon at 316 Van Ness avenue for the
purpose of discussing the adoption of
a charter amendment taking the City
and County Hospital out of politics.
Miss Craighan, the chairman, ln
fcrmed the meeting that next week
delegates from the following organiza
tions would meet in the interest of. the
movement at that place: The ; Mer
chants' Association, Labor Council,
Building Trades Council, Associated
Charities, Catholic Charities, Califor
nia Woman's Club, County Medical So
ciety. Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association and San Francisco Train
ing School Alumni
Hospital Nurses Meet.
NAPA, Nov. 7.— The closing meet
ing of the Democratic campaign in
Napa was held here to-night. •' There
was r a parade through the principal
streets of the town and an abundant
display of fireworks and red fire.
Judge H. C. Gesford acted as chair
man of the meeting. Theodore A. Bell,
candidate for Congress from the Sec
ond District, made an extended ad
dress and was greeted^with prolonged
applause. '• ¦
Bell in His Home Town.
Dwelling upon the Institutions of the
consulate Professor Stephens declared
that the legislative body was the least
Important, the council of state form
ing the . body of ' first importance. The
Senate he described as being a body
of dignitaries with little real power,
while ; the ;• tribunate was a specially
constituted Instrument fort oratorical
effort •-;'. • .
In the third of his series of lectures
on the "Napoleonic Period in Europe"
Professor Morse Stephens addressed a
large , audience in the art, gallery at
Mechanics' Pavilion last evening. In
discussing) the internal work of Bona
parte as : First Consul the speaker em
phasized the fact that contrary to the
generally accepted view the policy of
the consulate was a continuation of the
policy of the Directory, i "What differ
ence did exist was'owlnjrto a concen
tration of authority and greater flex
ibility of administration owing to the
centralization of power in one man
rather, than among five, as ; under the
Directory. ..
Napoleonic Period' His Theme.
heeding,
Although on the ticket of the Union
Labor party, it was plainly seen last
night that E. J. Llvernaah, candidate
for re-election to Congress, Is not the
unqualified choice of union workers.
From the ends of wagons in various
parts of the district last night union
men could be heard denouncing the
candidate who bears the name of the
party. A number of these wagons
were sent out by what is known as the
Russell-Brundage faction of the Paint
ers' Union. The speakers were listen
ed to and well received In all parts of
the district, the only disturbances of
any kind being made by boys who had
not yet attained their majority. The
speakers told of the splendid record of
Julius Kahn and the utter failure of
Livernash to make a record worth
Union Men Talk.
City Editor: If Senator Gorman made the
statement you quote, I reply no conference of
any kind for any. purpose has at any time
been called ¦ by . me or held by the gentleman
named. The Senator has been deceived or ia
firing: in the air, hoping: to hit something by
a chance shot. C. N. BLISS.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 7. — The
News of to-day sent to Cornelius N.
Bliss, treasurer of the Republican Na
tional Committee, an Inquiry as to
whether he would reply to the charge
made by Senator Gorman in a speech
on Saturday night that Bliss and Root
had met in secret conference a num
ber of trust magnates about a month
ago. Bliss has sent the following an
swer to the News:
NEW TORK, Nov. 7.
Denies Senator's Story of Conference
; : '¦'*?$ >' With Trust Magnates.
BUSS ANSWERS GORMAN.
BOSTON, Nov. 7. — The success of
the Roosevelt electors in Massachu
setts is conceded by the Democrats.
The Democrats claim the election of
William L. Douglas for Governor.
The influences which are expected to
bring this about are Governor Bates'
veto of . the overtime labor bill, the
increases in the Commonwealth's debt
and the sentiment in favor of a more
pronounced form of Canadian reci
procity than has been put forward by
the Republicans.
Republicans concede the Ninth and
Tenth Congressional districts to the
Democrats. The Democrats hope to
win in the Third, Fifth and Eleventh
districts.
Upon It Massachusetts Democrats
Have Built Their Hopes.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Annie
Williams won. King of the Valley second.
Hopeful third. Time. 1:48.
Third race, rlx furlongs — Royal Legend won,
The Pet second, Suzanne Rocamere third.
Time. l:01U-
Fourth race, steeplechase, clubhouse course.
Bchwarzwald .won. Allegiance second, Sam
Farmer third. Time, 8:82.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — The
Knjrlishman .won. Python second. Harpoon
third. Time, 1:08.
First race, six furlongs — J. Efl Grillo won,
Marrie LLeber second, Athlone third. Time,
1:13%.
Second race, one mile— Coruscate won, Va
rlera second. Just So third. Time. 1:40.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 7.— Royal Le
gend was the only favorite to win at
Latonia to-day, the other events go
irj; if* veil-played outsiders. The fea
t'ire of an ordinarv card 'was the
steeplechase, which was won by
Schwarzwald in easy fashion. The
weather was clear and the track fast
Summary:
Royal IJegcnd the Only One to L,and
at Latonia. .
RECIPROCITY THE ISSUE.
Luciano Mosuyga of 1029 Montgomery
street was crossing Folsom street, near
Third, laet night at 6:30 o'clock, when
he was struck by a Folsom street car
in charge of Motorman Pippin. He
was removed to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where It was found that he
had sustained bruises of the hips and
extremities and internal injuries that
may prove fatal. There were no wit
nesses to the accident and Mosuyga
ep«a.ks little English.
Struck by Electric Car.
OXE FAVORITE WINS.
GUARDIAN NOT 'WANTED.— One son-in
law of Maria Camllle Martha, an Incompe
tent and likely to be imposed upon by de
signing person*, wants another son-in-law re
moved by the court from ' his position as
guardian of the old lady. Peter Hussenot, the
petitioner, says that Polycarpe Glguon, . the
guardian. Is Incapacitated by illness and
drunkenness, and has failed for the last three
months to pay the $10 a month for Mrs. Mar
tha's support, out of her $390 estate.
SUITS TRANSFERRED.— The «ult of Mary
Shiels against Michael Shlels to recover $3382
of community property has been transferred
from the Sacramento County Superior Court to
the United States Circuit Court. That of
Jonas Salstrom and Maggie C. i Salstrom vs.
Orleans Bar Gold Mining Company for $15,000
damages for loss alleged to have been caused
by a dam In Crawford Creek, has been trans
ferred from Humboldt County to the United
States Circuit Court.
YOUNG CULPRITS ESCAPE. — George
Rooney, William Cooper and Eugene Saxm
quest, tho three boys who were arrested by
Officers Cottle and Flynn for atealhig $1 68
from a n*wsboy a week ago, escaped from the
new Juvenile Home on Polk street Sunday
night by scaling a wall and crossing th« roof
of an adjoining building.
LADIES TO HOLD RUMMAGE SALE.—
A rummage sale for the benefit of the Cath
olic Ladles' Aid Society of St. Charles par
ish will be held at 431% Sixth street for a
period of two weeks, beginning to-day. Dona
tions of clothing and household goods will be
thankfully received for this -worthy cause at
the Slxth-etreet address.
SUFFOCATED BY GAS.— John Volgt of 25
Lexington avenue was found dead on the floor
of his bathroom yesterday morning suffocated
by gas, which was escaping from an open
burner. His son was awakened at 1:30 a. m.
and traced the odor of gas to the bathroom,
where his father's body was lylngr. Volgt had
been drinking to excess for several days.
CANNOT RECOVER POSITION.— The Su
preme Court yesterday denied the petition of
Fannie Stockton that the Board of Education
of San Jose be compelled to restore her to
the position of teacher in the public schools.
She held that she had been illegally removed
from a "permanent" office. The lower court
decided she had no legal redress and the higher
tribunal sustains that Judgment.
SORROW CAUSES SUICIDE.— Grief over
the recent death of his wife caused James
Garrett to take his own life last Sunday night
at 1915 Dupont street. Garrett was a car
penter. CO years old. Edith Burns, daughter
of the landlady, traced the odor of escaping
gas to Ills room and found him dead in his
bed with the gas flowing from an open
burner.
THROWN FROM HIS WAGON.— Richard
Te'chart. a driver of a bakery wagon, while
crossing Twenty-first and Illinois streets yes
terday wa* hit by a train of construction cars
and thrown from his seat. In falling he re
ctlvcd two lacerated wounds 'on the head, with
a posHible fracture of -the skull.
DIED AT THE EMERGENCY HOSPITAL.
Thomas Conley, 128 Twelfth street, was taken
from a liquor store at 129 Sixth street yes
terday morning to the Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Pawllckl applied the stomach pump
in the hepes of saving his life. The treat
ment was unsuccessful as Conley died yester
day forenoon. The Coroner took charge of his
remains.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
SIXTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
f.Ilie*; puree:
B« tting. Ham, Weisfct. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
Even— Fioralta, 1<» <H!!<1ebrnd> 3 2 H 1 1
12 to 6 — Pirate Pol!jr. 103 fShaw) 2 3h 2 3
7 to 1— Lucy Toung. 102 CHewet) 1 12 3 h
Time 1 :00. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner S. PagBt't b. f. by Watcrcress-Flrenii.
Myopia. Mirthless, Campo, Madam Satan,
CbaradeT'.s, lA's^trata. High Life, Jennie Mc-
Cabe. finished" as ranied.
ART INSTITUTE LECTURE.— The San
Francisco Art Association will hold its first
lectur* this evening at the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art. Garrick Mallory Borden la th»
lecturer and his subject the "Life and Works
of Michael Angelo." Illustrated with A largo
collection of lantern pictures.
Vanderbilt's Pony Wins In Paris.
PARIS, Nov. 7. — W. K. Vanderbilfa
Polycarn won the Prix Percnalgne at
the Saint Cloud races to-day.
Statehood Is Oklahoma's Issue.
GUTHRIE. Okla., Nov. 7. — State
hood was the issue upon which the
campaign has been fought out in Okla
homa, the Republicans Indorsing and
the Democrats opposing the Hamilton
bill, which has passed the lower house
of Congress and which provides for
Joint statehood for Oklahoma and the
Indian Territory. The Republicans
claims B. S. McGuire's majority for
Delegate to Congress will be about
3000, while the Democrats maintain
that Frank Matthews will be elected
by 2200 at least. • * i'
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
¦ nd up; ppllinK:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
f> to 1— Thespian. 93 <Sch!l!ng).. 3 4h 1 H
IStol— P. Chlng. 106 (Collins)... 12 61 24
30 to 1 — Reliance. &S <Hennes5y). 8 3 »4 3 %
Time 1:41 3-3- Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. B. Hacgln's b. c. by Rappalo-Lady
Cushir.an. Juvenal Maxim, The Captain, Fun
eyside Arsenal. Morokanta. Daisy Green. Lord
Advocate, Brunswick. Signet Ring, Unqua,
Kr.obhampton, finlEhed a* named.
Time, 1:20 1-5. fair. Won handily.
Winner P. Wlmmer's b. f. by St. George-
Come and Go. Mamie Worth. Mimosa. Grace
ful. Little Em finished a<« named.
FOURTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs
handicap; rr.areg of all aces:
Betting Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *; Fin.
15 to 1— Ocean Tide. 112 (Shaw). 6 6 1H1 %
7tol— Th. Heather. 102 (Trav*) 3 2h 2 4
7 to 2— Sta Catallna. 109 (Hldb) 4 4 2 3 h
Sixth race, three-quarters mile, purse —
Precious Stone 104, BIythenqFs 97, Major T.
•I. Carson 103. Follies Bergeres 104, Aden 110,
Mabel Winn ion. Bill Knight »7, Cognomen 97,
The Crisis 103. Ed Tierney 100.
Fourth race, one and one-eighth miles,
handicap— Early Boy 93, Alma Dufour BO.
Cheboygan 106, Fonsoluca 104, Copperfield 113.
Fifth race, one and a half miles, selling —
Chanlda ftO, Tuxedo 00, Pathos 94, Lacy
Crawfor* 99, Beaucalre 90. Barney Burk 10S,
NiaxuF 101. Bard of Avon 109. Professor
Neville 1C2, Lyrist 85, Hucena 91, Annora
J S5.
Third race, seven and a half furlongs, purse.
Sincerity Belle 109. Voltaic 97. John Carroll
103. Ethel Day 97. Fire Ball 109. Scotch Irish
100 Green Gown 106. Erla Lee 103, Heldel
hersr 1O«, Ram's Horn 115. Loglstella. 103, Sir
Water 100, My Eleanor 109.
Second race, one mile. selling' — Telephone
Belle 74. Western Duk* 100. Gus Heldorn 93,
Bell the Cat 83. Milton Tounjr 77. D. L.
Moore 104, Big: Beach 82. Tattenham 99, Out
wal 101. Easy Trade 100, Steel Trap 79,
Ivernla 104.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 7. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Latonia fol
low:
First race, three-quarters mite, celling —
Eanctlssima 106, Presentation 111. Ethel Da
vis 106, Benmora 115. Girdle 111, Florlsta 106,
Glendon 114. Jigger 110. First Chip 100. Blue
Grass Girl 115, Sldbow 114, Bob Franklin 106.
Best Man 111. Lulu Marr 111.
ENTRIES AT LATOXIA.
TRENTON, N. J., Nov. 7. — The New
Jersey ' political campaign, which
closed to-day, was the most aggressive
since '1892, when the Democrats car
ried the State for Grover Cleveland.
The Republicans are confident of car
rying the State by from 35,000 to
40,000. The Democrats are claiming
that Parker will have a small plur
ality. . . J
The Democrats have made a strong
fight for Charles C. Black, for Gov
ernor, on a platform for the greater
taxation of railroads and are confident
of winning. The Republicans admit
that Edward C. Stokes, the candidate
for Governor, will run considerably
behind Roosevelt, but claim, that
Stokes will have from 10,000 to 20,000
plurality.
* New Jersey's Congressional delega
tion of seven Republican and three
Democrats probably will not be
changed as to relative numbers. The
Legislature will be safely Republican.
To-NIght's Returns Will Indicate Xo
Reversal of Form.
XEW JERSEY "STAXDS PAT."
PORTLAND, Nov. 7. — Everything Is
in readiness for the opening of the
polls in Oregon. The Democrats in
sist that the Republican plurality will
not exceed 24,000, but at the head
quarters of the Republican party in
this State to-night it was again claim
ed that Roosevelt will carry Oregon
with a plurality of 30,000.
Democrats and Republicans of Oregon
Slake Different Estimates.
DISPUTE OVER FIGURES.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; The Wood
mere Selling stakes; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
II to .'.—Gay Boy. IIS (Burns).. 3 33 12
» to 5— Crown Prince. 103 <Tvrs) 5 1 >4 2 2 l i
9 to I— Damon. 110 U. Martin) 2 4 1 3 **
Time. 1 •XI. .^tart fair. Won easily. Win
ner. G. 3. Hill' 6 b. h by St. Savior-Oriie.
Lord Badge. Pal<?tte. Charles Elwood, Scotch
Plume, Now York, also ran.
SECOND HAC73 — On« and five-sixteenth
irjilee: selllnr: :hr»*-year-olfis and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
II to 10— The Southerner. 8S <Tvrs) 1 2 4 II
« to 1— Glister.. 300 (HIMebrand) 4 3^,23
3 to 1— Cloverland. Ill (Redfern) 3 6 H 3 h
Time. 2:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner M. '"orbett's br c. by The Commoner-
Vic. Aurumtfter, Sir Fbep. Brooklynite, Key
note. Bouvier. Crals. Darroch. al«n ran.
The man in the box was William
Armiger. He had imbibed "a little too
freely of the cup that cheers and also
inebriates. When he appeared in court
some hours later he took the pledge.
"I've had all I want," he said, with a
And there was reason for this quiv
ering of limbs, the blanching of cheeks
and fearful expression in the eyes of
the crowd. From out the black wagon
came uncanny sounds, sounds strange
to the ear and yet familiar. From a
safe distance the people craned their
necks and listened. This is what they
heard:
"Let me out. Let me out
let me out."
Curious looks were turned upon the
drivers of the wagon, Deputy Coroner
Ward and an assistant. They became
still more curious when a force of burly
bluecoats came running out of the po
lice station, grabbed the grewsome
looking black box that rested in the
wagon, dumped it out upon the ground
and with a lack of care that brought
gasps of awe from the crowd knocked
off the lid and unceremoniously emptied
its contents into the street.
Another gasp came from the crowd
when the "contents," after lying stiff
and prone upon the ground for a min
ute or two, displayed signs of life.
Then came a yell of dismay, for the
figure upon the ground Jumped to its
feet and made a rush at the crowd,
which scattered in every direction.
Explanations which turned the fright
ened crowd into a laughing 'one and
exposed the deputy coroner and his
assistant to unmerciful chaffing came
later. It appears that Ward was sum
moned by a woman to go to^the north
eastern part of town to get the body
of a dead man she said was lying in
the road. The deputy went and saw
what he took to be a corpse stretched
out upon the road- A cursory examina
tion satisfied him that the. man was
dead and the body was picked up and
dumped into the dead wagon. Hardly
had they gone half a block on the re
turn trip when Ward was startled by
a muffled yell from .the closed wagon.
Several, other yells followed in quick
succession, each being accompanied by
language that was unmistakable. "To
the Jail and not the morgue with this
load," said Ward to his assistant, and
he whipped up his horses and drove
like mad to the station.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 7.— The sight of the
morgue wagon ' being driven madly
through the streets of this city,yester
day caused a commotion. The unusual
spectacle attracted the attention of
hundreds and when the wagon was
pulled up in front of the police station
the entrance to the place was packed
with a crowd of the curious. Suddenly
the crowd melted away like chaff in the
path of the wind. Faces that a minute
before were flushed from the exertions
of their owners In following the dead
wagon became blanched. Eyes that
glittered with excitement became eyes
In which only fear was expressed, and
limbs that had carried their owners for
blocks at top speed without being
taxed became weak and quivered like
aspens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Supposed Dead Man Comes
to Life While Being Taken
to the Morgue in San Jose
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Neptunus 110,
Namtor 107, Falmouth 103, King Pepper 100.
Jake 106. Flammula 100, Atwood 98, Red
Knight 111 Akela 104, White Ghost 105, Fair
bury 103, Coppelia 100. Stuyve 100.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — Red Ruler 108. Master of Craft
1CS. Ben Lothian 108, Roderick Dhu 105, Uncaii
108.' Courier 105. Jericho 108, Light Note 108.
Priority 108. Only One 108, Miller's Daugh
ter 105.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles. Elec
tion Day handicap — Dolly Spanker 123. Gran
ade 1(*. Israelite 111. Eugenia Burch 112.
Ostrich 90, Sonoma Belle 100, St. Valentine 95.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Aqueduct
follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Foxy Kane
10a. Right and True 108. Merry Moments Oil,
Silver Days lt>*, Bonner 100, Dukedom 105,
Monte Carlo 100 King: Pepper 101. RoJ> Roy
104. Lord of the Valley 104, Oscrood 109, Young
Henry 110, The Huguenot 108. Memphis lOtf.
For Luck 105, Astartta 118, Old England 105.
Et Tu Brute 104, Ortskany 104, Blue and
Orance lcti.
Second race, one mile, maidens— High Wind
110. Louie H 110. Blllr Roche 107. Null
Dlanche 107. Sllverfoot 110. Tobosa 107. Re
vane 107. Bellmetal 107. Arietta 107. School
master 110. Den Crockett 107, Stalker 107.
Third race, six furlongs, the Creedmore. two
year-olds—Pirate Polly 104. Allumeur 100,
Blucher 107. Cairngorm 112. Oxford 107, Am
berjack 107. Austin Allen 112, Inspiration 97.
(Austin Allen and Inspiration. McGlnnls' en
try.)
"LET ME OUT"
CRIES CORPSE
Governor Toole, after a tour of the
State, declared that the men who
voted for Bryan four years ago were
now in line for Parker and the State
would go Democratic by 7500.
At the Republican headquarters a
feeling of Jubilation prevails over the
outlook for Roosevelt.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 7. — At the close
of the campaign in Montana the
Democrats and Republicans profess
the greatest confidence in the ability
of their respective parties to carry the
State. The campaign has been note
worthy for, the great interest shown,
the registration being t."»e heaviest in
the history of the Stale.
In Silver Bow County Republicans
and Democrats are charging wholesale
registration frauds, the Republicans
having issued more than 2000 chal
lenges for to-morrow. Although Sil
ver Bow County embraces but 64 pre
cincts, Sheriff Qulnn swore in 500
deputies this afternoon for service and
the Republicans and Democrats to
gether have had 500 more special
deputies sworn in to look after their
interests.
Hundreds of Deputies to Serve in One
Montana County.
GUARDING AGAINST FRAUDS.
First race— Bcnmora, Jigger, Girdle.
Second race — Outwal, Bell the Cat,
I>. Li. Moore.
Third race — Ram's Horn, Fireball,
Green Gown.
Fourth race — Copperfield, Fonso
luco, Early Boy.
Fifth race — Xinxus, Barney Burk,
Professor Neville.
Sixtli race — The Crisis, Aden, Pre
cious Stone.
Condition of the track — Fast.
?
ENTRIES AT AQUEDUCT.
SELECTIONS AT LATOXIA.
Ball Teams Reach Fresno.
FRESNO, Nov. 7.— The Oakland team
arrived on the Owl to-night. The Ta
coma team will get in early to-mor
row morning. The first game will be
called at 3 o'clock to-morrow after
noon. : Thomas will pitch for Tacoma.
Overall will pitch Wednesday.
Coach Lanagan is grieved over the
feeling of confidence that pervades the
Stanford campus. "Fe'w people realize,"
he said to-night, "the tremendous prop
osition which we have to face. The
talk that Stanford will defeat Berkeley
by a large score is all bosh. While we
have our strong points, we also have
weak ones that California is sure to
find. We will be excelled In the punt
ing game. There is not a natural punt
er on the squad and there has not been
time to develop" a first-class man. At
the end of the week, when the team is
finally picked, I can tell you more about
our chances."
The final team will not be picked un
til Friday. The men who are playing on
the varsity now and who seem quite
likely to maintain their positions are:
Captain Clark;, left end; Sprott, left
tackle; Thompson, left guard; Hyde,
center; Roosevelt, right guard; Shields,
right tackle; Smith, right end; Bans
bach, quarter: Dole, left half; Chalm
ers, right half, and Weller, fullback,
Treasurer Barrett received a telegram
to-day from the Western Maryland
College asking for a game. The request
will not be granted.
During the rest of this week Coach
Lanagan will devote all his attention
to the development of perfect team
work. It is the head coach's idea to put
forth a team so thoroughly drilled that
no sudden surprise sprung by Califor
nia will rattle the cardinal players and
allow the rival team to score during the
confusion. It is for this reason that so
many players have been used in the
preliminary games. This system enables
the substitutes to learn as much about
the game as the varsity players. There
are new formations to be learned, new
signals to be taught and new ways of
defense yet to be drilled into the men.
All this must be perfect, for the slip
of a signal is likely to turn victory into
defeat.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 7.—
Stanford's big football squad went into
secret practice to-night for the first
time this season. No one was admit
ted to the grounds, and great precau
tion was taken to prevent prying eyes
from watching the plays. Hereafter the
men will be taken into the gymnasium
every night and put through a rapid
fire signal practice for an hour or two.
On Friday afternoon of this week the
varsity will give an open practice, when
for a few minutes the successful candi
dates will go over their signals for the
last time before the intercollegiate
struggle with the eleven from the Uni
versity of California. On Saturday
morning the players will go to Berke
ley, and at 2:30 o'clock the fourteenth
annual football game will take place on
the California campus.
Amateur boxing permits were
granted to the San Francisco Athletic
Club for November 18, and to the
Hayes Valley Club for November 15.
Ayes — Alpers, Bent, Boxton, Comte,
McClellan, Eggers, Finn, Hocks, Lun
stedt, Rock, Sanderson — 11. Noes —
Booth, Braunhart, Connor, D'Ancona,
Rea — 5. Absent— Brandenstein, Payot
— 2.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
by a vote of eleven ayes to five noes
adopted a resolution granting the
Yosemite Club a permit for a pro
fessional boxing exhibition during De
cember. The Police Committee rec
ommended the granting of the per
mit. I The vote on the resolution was:
Young Corbett and "Battling" Nelson
have begun training for their battle-be
fore the Hayes Valley Club during the
last week of this month. Nelson is in
fairly good shape, as he has been ac
tively fighting during the last year. It
is nearly a year since Corbett has en
gaged in a battle and during this time
he has taken on many pounds of su
perfluous flesh, which will require some
hard work to get off.
In Nelson Corbett will meet one of
the strongest fighters he has ever en
countered. It will not do for him to
enter the ring in the same condition
as when he met Hanlon the first time.
Nelson is unusually game and has a
hard blow. Though he is regarded as
an awkward boxer he has a style in
which his opponent finds hard to guard
against.
The Yosemite Club has not decided
the attraction It will give the public
in December. The winner of the Cor
bett-Nelson fight and Britt would make
a strong card and it is likely that they
will be matched.
N. Landsberg has a two-year-old at
Oakland track by Storm King-Imp.
Maggie Burns, which he thinks _will
make a better racehorse than his sire
was. If looks count for anything the
colt will.
It now looks as If there would be at
least a dozen starters in the opening
handicap on Saturday.
E. C. Hopper, who will again act as
presiding judge at Oakland, will arrive
within the next couple of days.
Charley Pettengill, son of the asso
ciate of Judge Hopper in the stand at
the track across the bay. will probably
be out in time to cut in the first day.
Charley was a good winner, booking
on the St- Louis tracks.
With the stables of Tom Ryan and
W. E. Cotton stalled at Ogden and a
day late in reaching here, there were
no Eastern arrivals at Oakland track
yesterday. But Petaluma found rep
resentation, seven of Harry Stover'3
string putting In an appearance, and
the wizard of Kenilworth will be there
himself to-day with seven more pieces
of horseflesh, whose names will be
found in Goodwin's Guide before the
Christmas bells Jingle. Needless to say
Kenilworth is the star of this Peta
luma consignment, and Harry says th*
bis brown horse is so frisky that he
fears his great bread-winner is in the
full enjoyment of his second child
hood. Kenilworth has hooked up with
some very classy ones at different
stages of his career on the turf, and.
while not always successful, the horse
that lowered his colors found him a
rare old bird. Stover hunted for purse9
through the Jungles of Oregon and
Washington the past summer and was
one of the few who placed his vest
under the pillow at bedtime when the
leaves began to turn and the trek
homeward began. George P. McNear,
Edinborough. St. Phlllipplna, Frivol
ous, The Lieutenant and Penzance are
some others Harry reposes confidence
in. •
Sam Bradley and "Blue" Walters,
two well-known New Yorkers, will be
out this way to lay odda at the clo.se of
the Aqueduct meeting. Bradley halls
from California originally, but has
been booking on the Eastern tracks for
a number of years.
Mac Burns and George Klestler. well
known Middle Western pencllera. ar
rived here from Kansas City yesterday.
For years Mac acted as cashier for
Barney Sghreiber and George took the
coin for Steve l'Hommedleu on the
Chicago tracks during the season Just
closed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Head Coach Is Grieved by
the Display of Confidence
at the Palo Alto College
Board of Supervisors Allows
Yosemite Club to Conduct
Exhibition Next Month
There Will Probably Be at
Least a Dozen Starters in
the Opening Handicap
In the other races to-day there was
reasonable adherence to recent form
except when Fleur de Marie won the
first race. Sha was well backed.
When she last ran Cochran rode her
and she went up from 4 to 8 to 1,
finishing fourth. Among those who
beat her then was Cairngorm. who
to-day was beaten by her at the same
nlaT.rc difference in weights. Fleur
de Marie was off in front in that
race. To-day she was off second, but
went right on in punrjit of the leader
and. assuming command on the far
turn, was not again headed, though
she interfered with Austin Allen,
besides bumping Cairngorm. No
claim of foul was made.
FIU.ST RACE— Six furlongs; handicap for
two-yrar-olde:
liettiris. Horn*. Weight. Jockey. St. 8 i Fin.
« to 1— K. <3« Mane. 102 tHlbd) 2 1 H ll'i
S» to 30— Cairngorm, 112 (Shaw).. 6 3 1 2 * 4
6 to 1— Merry Lark. 110 <Martn) 3 4 Vi 3 %
Time. 1:14 2-6. Start cood. Won handily.
Winner E L. Graves' c. f. by Meddler-Mary
C. Austin Allen. King Cole. Flyback, Amber
jack. CalinneM, Novena. also ran.
AQUEDUCT, Nov. 7. — For the first
time in a year or more the once well
known orange and blue of J. B. Hag
gin were seen in front at the end of
a race to-day. With a bit of luck to
day's winner, Thespian, might have
prevented the "killing" achieved
a few days ago by Tele
ecope. for Thespian was closing
In that race at every stride, and in
another jump he might have won. In
to-day's race Thespian won cleverly
enough, though Prince Ching was
closing very strong. The favorite,
Daisy Green, ran Just about the race
expected from her by those who saw
her warm up. Moreover, track ex
perts axe not any too confident about
any horse ridden by Cochran these
dnys.
Fpecla.1 Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 7. — Los An
g-eles and Tacoma played off a post
poned game this afternoon and the
northerners took it by the score of 2
to 1. Tacoma ' played a j brilliant
game. Jones- and Fitzgerald were at
their best and the fielders were on
edge all the time, making the game
one of the fastest and snappiest of
the series. Score:
Los Artgeles— I Tacoma—
AB.n. H. P.A. AB.n. H. P.A.
Brnrd. cf 3 0 0 3 ©Doyle, cf 4 0 1 1 0
Flood, 2b 3 1 2 2 -i Shehn, 3b 4 1 2 2 2
Smith, 3b 4 0 2 1 1 Casey. 2b 2 0 0 3 0
Chnce, lb 2 0 0 8 2|NrdyTc,lb i 1212 8
Crvath.rf 3 0 0 2 01 Lynch, 8. 2 0 0 2 6
Chase, lf.4 0 12 OM'Lgn. If 3 0 0 1 0
Toman, s 3 .0 1 1 0 Grahm.rf 2 0 0 10
Spies, C..8 0 0 8 2lHogan, c2 0 0 2 2
Jones, p. 3 0 0 0 2|Ftzg-rld,p 4 0 0 8 5
•Brshear. 1000 0
fEagar. . 1 0 0 0 51 Totals. 27 2 5 27 IT
Totals.30 1 6 27 ill
•Brashear batted for Toman.
tKagar batted for Spies.
Stolen bases— Bernard, Flood. Chance. Chase.
Sheehan. Errors— Smith, Toman. Doyle. Mc-
Laughlln, Hogan. Sacrifice hits— Spies, Casey.
Lynch. Hogan. First base on errors— Los An
geles 0, Tacoma 1. Left on bases — Los An
geles 8, Tacoma 6. Bases on balls — Off Fitz
gerald 3, off Jones 5. Struck out— By Jones 4.
Hit by pitched ball — Bernard, Graham. Time
of game — One hour and forty-five minutes.
Umpire — Perrine.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 1OO0OOOOO— 1
Base hits 1 11022010— G
Tacoraa 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1—2
Base hits 0 1 000-102 1— &
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINUS.
HORSES ARE DELAYED
By the New York Moraine Telegraph.
If rst race — Old England, Right and
True, For Lock.
Second race — Billy Roche, Arietta,
ltcvanc.
Third race— Pirate Polly, Inspira
tion, Oxford.
, Fonrtli race — Sonoma Belle, Ostrich,
St. Valentine.
Fifth race — Stuyve, Atwood, King
F«-i>per.
Sixth race — Red Ruler, Courier,
Roderick Dim.
Condition of the track — Fast.
SELECTIONS AT AQUEDUCT.
Snappiest Contest of the Season Is
Captured by Northern Team.
LANAGAN ISSUES ORDER
GETS DECEMBER PERMIT
Fleur de Marie, Well Backed, j
1 Turns tie Tables on
Cairngorm. j
HORSES THAT
SHOULD WIN
Corbett and Nelson Prepar
ing for Contest Before
the Hayes Valley Club
Until Big Match Comes Off
Stanford Eleven Will Do
Its Practicing in Secret
Kenihvorth," the Brown Fli
er, Looks Like a Two-Year-
Old. After His Vacation
Score Twice to the Angels' Once
THESPIAN IS PILOTED
FIRST UNDER THE WIRE
PLAY BEHIND
CLOSED DOORS
BUMS BEGIN
TRAINING WORK
STOVER STABLE
AT OAKLAND
BRILLIANT PLAYING WINS
THE GAME FOR TACOMA
RAGGIN'S COLORS ONCE MORE IN FRONT AT AQUEDUCT
THE SAN FRANCISCO VCALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8,. 1904.
Worpen are - so ; . prosperous • these
days that they! require.blj? pocke tbooks
In. which to carry, their money.
If a man. wants the -world to always
retain ¦ an : interest • In • him he should
never : disclose ; what - his ¦ initials ' stand
for. \'X®&3B8E&im8BB&£&BSB&? ¦
10
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
ffiTFNSIVE
I suffered for a long time with a bad
case of Catarrh, and took a great deal of
medicine withont any benefit.
I bad a continual headache, my cheeks
had grown purple, my nose was always
flopped up, znyoreath had a sickening and
disgusting odor, and I coughed incessantly
I heard cf your S. S. S. and wrote you.
I commenced to use it, and after taking
several bottles I was cured and have
never since had the slightest symptom of
the disease. Miss Mary L. Storm.
Cor. 7th & Felix Sts., St Joseph, Mo.
Wheeling, W. Va., May 29, 1903.
I had Nasal Catarrh for years for which I
used S. S. S. with very gratifying results.
' I tried local applications for some time,
1 and getting no permanent relief I came to
» the conclusion that the seat of the trouble
was in the blood. Knowing S. S. S. to be
a good blood medicine I began its use,
and after using it for some little while it
did away entirely with the offensive mu>
cus in the nostrils, and I did not have to
hawk and spit, especially in the morning,
to dislodge the catarrhal matter.
1627 South St Fred H. Pressv.
?The filthy secretions and foul mucus that
are continually dropping back, into the
throat, find their way into the stomach
and are absorbed into the blood. Catarrh
S then becomes con-
/ffi^ if^^a stitutional.andthe
qT 1 Pg 1 only way to get rid
Us. t\ of it is through the
yUjk blood. Write us if
' Til* Cvulf* Cn.nlf « Pumm.j £4U.«. «-
_____' ADVERTISEaiEXTS.
1 "It Makes Me Feel j
I Like a New Man" !
I WANT TO TALK TO MEN WHO HAVE PAIXS AND ACHES. WHO 2
feel run down physically, who realize that the old "fire" and energy •
a which was so evident in youth is absent now; men who can't stand the #
*f amount of exertion they could year* ago. I want you — if that means #
9 you — to see what I have done for others who were Just as bad off. That's O
• my introduction. If a friend In whom you had confidence presented some 2
9 one to you and said. "Jack, here's Brown; he haa made good with me. and ]
9 I trust him." wouldn't you trust him. too? J*
9 Mr. H. A. Lehndorff, proprietor of th« Fernando Hotel, Fernando. Cal.. a man 2
d) known to thousand! of Califomlana, a O. A. R. veteran, aays that my Belt cur«d •
S him of Rheumatism, and that he will praise It for all time as tho grandest remedy •
• knovrn for that trouble. " • Q
• Mr. W. F. Quite. Cedarrine, Cat., writes, March 10: "Tour Belt cured me after A
9 I had spent 11000 In uselcs* doctorlns." • ° fi
9 I have cured thousands cf msn who have squandered the savings of i
O years In useless doctoring. * *•
• My Belt Is easy to use: put it on when you go to bed: yon feel th« !
m flowing heat from It (no sting or burn, as In old style belts), and you S
a feel the nerves tingle with the new life flowing Into them. You nt nn I?
2 in the morning feeling like a two-year-old. * ** •
a * An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at IK 5
2 That shows it renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheumatism Sciatic •
2 Pains. Lumbago. Kidney Trouble. Banishes pain in a night, never to •
2 return. - . * 9
9 . , ' Mr. A. C. -Hammond. 330 Ptne street. San Frandaeo, says March 20- "At tk. •
9 age of "5 your Belt"ha» cured ma of general weakpesa and kidney trouble" ©
• What ailB you? Write and tell me. and no matter where you ar» T •
• think I can give you the address of some one in your town that I h« «
cured. I've cured thousands and every man of them is a walkine »rt 2
a vertisement for my Belt.. . . W * W| ' aa " •
q Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a n»i-r«i 2
• he a can't .^ Try S my BeYt.*" ""^ madlcal man Can «^ and I foPSS J
• FREE §
• "full of good reading matter for men who want to be Vohi— ? P S?- le 1; •
• of,God"-A MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send ?hls book^«a1ld. fre? •
•rDr. M. C. McLaughlin. Market se •ISSUES LICENSE FOR 'NEW ' BANK.— The
Board of Bank Commissioners Issued a license
yesterday for the establishment , of the Sierra
.Valley Bank at . Royalton. The Institution Is
a private ¦ ¦ concern and - does not state the
amount ! of Us capital stock.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent .
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 29
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 8.
Sun rises ......6:44
Bun sets » .* 6:04
Moon sets 6:14 a. m.
O Time ITime Time Time
g. Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft
*LW .IHW L.W HW
|H Wl i IL. W H Wl It, Wl vT
8 0:101 B.0] 8:00 2.3 11:20 6.0 6:00—O.T
8 1:00! 4.8| 6.4S 2.7 12:00 6.8 6:49 t.7
10 1:671-4.8.6:34 3.0 12:43 6.6 7f39|— 0.5
11 2:601 4.7 7:24 3.1 1:30 6.2 8:281—0.2
12 3:41)1 4.7 8:25 3.2 2:24 4.S 8:20 0.1
13 4:43) 4.7 8:37 8.2 3:21 4.4|a0:14| 0.6
NOTE — In the above exposition. of the tides
the early morning tides aro glvea in th» left
Charters.
The French ship Europe is chartered fcr 1
wheat from Portland to Europe at 20s.
The British ehip Falkland bank Is chartered,
for lumber frcm Hastings Mll'.s to United
Kingdom cr Continent at CSs; schooner W. J.
Patt«?r»«n. Mm* business, from Grays Harbor
to Valparaiso, for orders (Plsagua Rasa-*), at
«*s l-i (¦¦< f-H !?«• direct). ;
i-lxportfl by the Queen.
The steamer Queen, which ' sailed * on Sunday
for Victoria, carried an assorted carro con
f.r-v 1 to the port of destination and the
principal RtitiFh Columbian parts, valued at
f]2.112 and including the follrwlr.g:
S12 (*£» frsch Zrulta, 17 pkss frsab *•*••
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British rhip 'UVjiljTate was cleared yes
terday for Ipswich. Enr'ar.d. with M.107 ctls
btrley. valued st $01,330. and 11,258 ctls
.wheat, valupd st flfl.230. The vessel also car
ries 16,000 fe«-t lumber tt dunnare. valued at
f2<0.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Held Up Near. His Ilome.
Richard B. Smith, 217 Montcalm
street, swore to a warrant before Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday for ttie ar
rest of Charles Hailing:, Frank Hal
ling and James Oleman on a charge
of robbery- He says the .three de
fendants held him' up near . hl3 home
on Saturday night 'and took..* 12 from
his trousers pockets. One, he said,
covered him with what Smith thought
was a revolver while the others went
through his pockets. Friends told
him who the three footpads were and
that 'they had used a piece of lead
pipe shaped) like a revolver to . scare
him.'- • "¦ "V< '•//¦ .:.;,'. • . '"
Koko Head, from Deiagos, Bay. 25 days, rec
ord trip.
ADELAIDE— Balled Nov 6— Ship Emily
Reed, fo r Newcastle, NSW.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Panno
nla from Naples; stmr Rotterdam, from Rot
terdam; stmr Finland, from Antwerp.
Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Bovlc. fm Liverpool.
- ROTTERDAM — Arrived Nov 7 — Stmr Noor
dam. from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Main, fm
New York.- >
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Nov 7 — Stmr
Mongolia, from San Francisco via Honolulu
and Hongkong-
U20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 7—3 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous dajr:
Boston 42-30 Pittsburg 60-30
Chicago 40-30 New Orleans 74-5<5
Cincinnati 50-30 N'ew York 44-36
Honolulu, H. I...7S-68 St. Louis ....58-42
Jacksonville 72-52 Washington 60-38
Philadelphia 43-38 . ¦/:.-¦,
SAN FRANCI3CO ..60-5Z
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 6.71 5.01
Red BluS 0.00 9.13 1.69
Sacramento 0.00 6.60 0.C0
Ean Francisco 0.00 7.63 0.72
Fresno 0.00 6.04 0.03
Independence 0.00 0.47 0.42
Ean Luis Oblspo 0.00 4.60 0.06
Los Angeles 0.00 1.13 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0.15 0.07
COAST RECORD.
a g g a w 3
1 Is ss -a r $
STATIONS. £ li$ifS g R ?
j S I : : - 8
Baker 30.40 68 32 NW Clear .00
Carson 30.36 CO 23 -NE Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.26 CO 48 N Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno 30.18 66 42 NW Cloudy .00
8. E. Farallon.30.18 69 66 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.22 58 16 W Clear .00
Pocatello 30.31 62 28 .. Clear .00
Independence .30.20 70 42 SW Clear .00
Los Angeles ..30.02 82 48 NW Pt.ddy .00
Mt. Tamalpala.30.22 68 61 N Clear .00
North Head ..30.30 66 60 SB Cloudy .53
Phoenix 30.00 84 46 SW Clear , .00
Point Reyes ..30.13 64 B3 N Clear '.00
Portland .80.80 62 60 N Clear .18
Red BlufT ..-.30.18 72 44 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.26 68 48 SW Clear .00
Sacramento ..30.18 C8.42 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake ....80.34 68 88 W Clear .00
Pan Franclsco.80.20 66 62 N Clear .00
8. L. Oblspo. .30.03 78 44 N Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego ....29.93 74 62 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.34 62 46 S Pt.Cldy .56
Spokane .. 30.42 66 36 SW Cloudy T.
Tatoosh 30.32 60 60 E Cloudy .60
Walla Walla. .30.36 66 40 SW, Pt.Cldy T.
Wlnnemucca ..30.34 C4 24 ND Cloudy .00
Yuma 30.00 68 M K Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• > FORECAST. x
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast The de
pression over Vancouver Island has possibly
retreated seaward. A maximum wind velocity
of 42 miles per hour from the south is re
ported at North Head. Light rain has fallen
from Porland northward. »
Warm weather prevails at Los Angeles and
southward.
Forecast msde at , San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 8:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, warmer;
light northerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, warmer Tues
day; light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
light northeast winds..
Los Angeles s*nd vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
light northerly winds.
Sacramento — Fair, warmer Tuesday!, light
north winds.
i Fresno — Cloudy, warmer Tuesday: fresh
north winds.
— A. O. McADIB, District Forecaster.
Cook Ilns a Hot Ship.
Captain Cook cf the whaler Bowhead. now up
north, is. by all accounts, the terror of the
Arctic. Nearly every blubber hunter that sails
home brings a runaway from Cock's crew.
TY-.et*: human d*reilcts«firiftlng out from among
the bergs in the upper reaches of the frigid
f*M tell tha same stcry of needless hardships
«r.3 s*n«ele»s brutality caused by the Bowhead's
fkipper end hip rr.ates. In the whaling fleet
It is reported that Cock's stock boast in that
no skipper In the Arctic can catch a runaway
«a!lor on the Jce quicker than he.
Walter Welle, who Jumped the Bowhead and
lived asicr.g. the Indians for some time, finally
corning, home on the Narwhal, pays It !.« Cap
tain Cock's delight to abuse his crew. Wells
slipped away from the Bowhead. he says, to
keep from being beaten for some trivial of
l*n«e. He suffered great hardships treklng
o%-er the ice and frozen tundra, but this was
preferable to life on the Bewheud. Wells nays
he saw two young men — mere boys — put down
In the cold, empty ho!3 In irons and beaten by
Captain Cock. They had tried to desert and
were caurht oflt en the lee. Cook declared he
saved their lives by bringing th*rn back to
th« ship, fo says Wells, and possibly the cap
tain rewarded hl» own humane act by thus
abusing the runaways. So Captain Cook of the
whaler Bowhead is known among the blubber
hunters es the ekipper who has a hot ship even
in the bitter cold oi a frigid Arctic winter.
»
An Overdue Comes In.
After being three days on the overdue, llrt
and bc!ng posted for reinsurance at 15 per
cent the French ehip Notre Dame d'Arvor ar
rived In port last night. 103 days from New
c&ztle, Australia. Unfavorable winds and
calms caused the vessel to b* twenty-five or
thirty days behind the usual run from the
Australian pert.
The other five ships of the overdue fleet are:
British mhlp Troop, from Manila for St. Helena.
out SO days, 25 per cent; French ship Bretagne.
froni Kobe fcr Taltal. out 149 days, 25 per
cent; Italian ship Gaetano Casabona, from
Sydney for Table Bay, out 137 days, 40 per
cent: British ship Shir.ir. from New Tork for
Brisbane, out 104 days. 5 per cent.
*
Wat«r Front Xot<*s.
NEWS OP THE OCEAX.
The Oceanic liner Ventura arrived in Anck
l»nd yesterday evenir.R. The Oceanic st*am
ehip Sonoma left Auckland November 4 for
Pa&o Pajjfl. Honolulu and Baa Francisco. The
America Maru has arrived at Yokohama.
The Buffalo's 250 trained landpmen were yes
tfrfljiy transferred to the battleship Ohio.
The flers of the British ship* In the harbor
» - »?re at half mart ye-Ft»>rdajr In tcken of respect
and rympsthy for Captain W. J. Woodslde,
whose daughter Jeanne filed Sunday. -
Harry Johnson, the veil known Fo!som-6tre«*t
wharf boatmen, has recently returned from
Fslt Lake, where he was In the employ of
the Unicn Peclflr Railroad Company. He has
purchased a new fnft launch, the Annie II,
»nd has resumed the old business of boating
»a the bay.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. A ¦¦ ¦ - *;"iFcpm. . | Dua..
Elizabeth.... Coqulll© River Nov. 8
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 8
Chico Coquille River Nov. 8
Noradan Honolulu & Kahului. . Nov. 8
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 8
DelNorte.... Crescent City Nov. 8
MemDhls Hamburg it Way Ports Nov. 8
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 8
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Nov. 8
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 9
Northland .... Ban Pedro Nov. 9
Manchuria... China & Japan Nov.- 9
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 9
Annum Seattle Nov. 9
P.rmkwater: . Cooe Bay Nov. 9
Homer San Pedro Nov. 9
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 10
Columbia.... Portland & A«torla.... Nov. 10
Point Arena. . Mendocino A Pt. Arena Nov. 10
Santa Rosa... Ean Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 10
All atce Portland & Way Ports. Nov.,10
Argo Eel River Ports Nov. 10
Northland.... San Pedro Nov. 10
liarracouta. .. New York via Ancon. Nov. 11
North Fork.. Humboldt .....Nov. 11
Coptic China. & Japan Nov. 11
Bonltn Newport &. "Way Port*. Nov. 12
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Nov. 12
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 12
Corona Humboldt .....Nov. 13
S.Monica... Grays Harbor Nov. 13
Redondo Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 13
Arctic Humboldt .Nov. 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 14
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... Nov. 13
Peru. New York via Ancon.. Nov. 16
Aurella Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 18
Maripoea Tahiti Nov. 17
Queen Puget Sound Ports. ... Nov. 17
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
•. ' s : ¦ November 8.
Jean'.* Seattle A Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier 30
G. W. Bldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24 -
November 9.
Rainier.... Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Doric China ft Japan.... 1 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 3
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 20
Chehalis... Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 3
November 10.
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 27
Chico Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10.
G. Llndauei Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor.... 12 m Pier 20
Fomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Ca! Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
8. Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 1
November 11.
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.. S pm Pier 8
Arcata Coos B. & Pt, Orfd 12 m Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. B am Pier 11
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului. 11 am Pier 23
Alliance... Eureka & Coon B Pier 18
November 12.
Acapulco. . N. Y. via Ancon. . 12 m Pier 40
Ammon.... Hamburg & W Pts 10 am Pier 19
Argo Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier- 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
November 13.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
8. Rosa.... Sail' Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Novemoer 14.
N. Fork.... Humboldt ......... 12 m Pier 20
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
November 15.
Bonlta..... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Manchuria. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Californlan. New Tork pj er 25
November . 16. ¦ .
Umatllla... Puget Bound Ports. | 9 am Pier 11
~* FROM SEATTLE. " i
Steamer. ' Destination.- s; galls. '
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pcs Nov. 10
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. It
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Porti,. Nov. 12
Santa Ana. .. Scldovla & Way Ports. Nov. 16
shaped building of two stories, contain
ing about 50,000 square feet. of. floor
space. This will give a central space
of about eighty feet square and four
wings 60x80 feet each. The second sto
ries of two of the wings will consist of
wide galleries around the sides and
ends with central open space with sky
lights over them."
SAN FRANCISCO IN IilNE.
The Governor's plan Is undoubtedly
to house all the California exhibits at
Portland under one roof. While the
exhibitors here are almost unanimous
in the qpinion that the State can secure
the most effective representation in
this way, there are some who will op
pose the plan because they want their
counties to have full independence and
show whatever they wish and snow it
in their own manner. *
Frank J. Symmes while here said
that it was San Francisccfs duty to
make a display at Portland and help
the exposition there in every way.
"Not only is it a duty on the part of
San Francisco," he said, "but it is good
policy, tor the benefits we have derived
from the St. Louis Fair show us that
there Is much to be gained by exhibit-
Ing at Portland. "We cannot erect a
building there, but we can get space
and make a good exhibit with what we
have here. The committee will take up
the matter at once."
ARRIVED.
Monday, November 7.
Stmr Sequoia, McClements. 90 hours from
Wllls-pa Harbor. .
Stmr Coror.ado. Undqulst. 36 hours from
Redondo
Stmr Noyo Johnson. 19 hours fm Cajrucos.
Stmr Eruniwick. Ellefsen. 14 hours from
F s'tm? r co'£>na. Glelow. 19 hours fm Eureka.
Stmr Jame. S Hlggins. HJgglna, 15 hours
from Fort Bragg, bound south; put In to land
Pa Stm r r 8C phoenix. Odland, 2S hours fm Eureka.
Sun r City of Puebla. Jepeen. C2 hours from
Stmr State. of California." Nioolson, 41 hours
from San Diego and way port*. '
Stmr Despatch Weber, 27 hours fm Eureka.
Stmr Eureka Jessen. 25 hours fm Eureka.
Btmr Newport. Corning. 7 hours from Pigeon
Schr Defender, Hellingsen. 20 days from
PUSk °' CLEARED.
Monday, November 7.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria; Port
land and San Francisco S S Co.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen. Guaymas; Pac Coast
Br «h"ij> Westgate. Strickland. Ipawtcb; Bal
four. Guthrie .A Co. _
Fr bark Ouerveur. Corbinals. Victoria: Roth,
Blum & Co.
BAILED.
Monday. Nov«mb«r T.
Stmr Curacao, Pauleen. Guaymas.
Etmr Bonlta. Preble. San Pedro.
Stmr Centralla. Erickson. San Pedro.
Btmr James S Hlgglns. Higglns. Ean Peflra.
Stmr Noyo. John»on. Eureka.
Stmr.Corqnado. Lundquist. Grays Harbor.
Btmr San Pedro. Rasmussen. E*ureka.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hansen. Portland.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Nov 7. 10 p m — Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hoar.
DI8ASTER.
SOUTH BEND Nov 7— Schr Challenger, fm
Roche Harbor for Ean Francisco, was burned
and scuttled at sea. Crew arrived at South
Bend. • _ .. '
BOUTH BEND, Nov 7 — The echr Challenger
was picked up by tug and towed into South
Bend to-day; flre has been burning for sixty
hours; crew safe, trying to submerge versel.
MEMORANDUM, i
Pe r Bchr Defender — Nov 6, 100 miles W of
San Francisco saw a double topgallant yard
bark steering — ; looked Ilka a French bark.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOR BAT— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Break
water, hence Nov 4. and not etmr Marshfleld,
as previously reported. .: .''?'. -'j,"- -
Arrt\-ed Nov 1— Stmr Arcata. hence Nov 4.
Sailed Nov 7 — Stmr Empire. " for San Fran-
TA COM A— Sailed Nov 6— U S etmr Dix,,for
Fan Frandseo. Nov 7 — Ship Bt Frances, for
Ar.tcfarai-ta. ¦W^QS
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov. 6— Btmr Alca
tr&z from Greenwood; stmr Coos Bay. hence
Nov' 8. \
Sailed,' ifov 6 — Stmr Coos Bay. for Ean Fran
cisco.
Arrived Nov 7 — Stmr Santa Barbara, hene*
Nov 5.
Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Acme, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 7 — Stmr Georg»
Loomls. hence Nov 3.
ASTORIA — Sailed Nov 7 — Stmr Iaqua. for
Ean Francisco.
Arrlvett Nov 6 — Etmr Roaecrans, hence
Nov 3.
Arrived Nov 7— Schr Virginia, hence Oct 31.
PORT HAKFORD— failed Nov 7— Stmr
Fart a Cruz for Ban Francisco.
REDOND»— Sailed Nov 7— Schr Aialea, for
Eureka: schr Mlndora. for Astoria.
POINT LOBOS — Parsed Nov 7. 1 p m— Nor
stmr Tltania. from San Di«-jro for Nanalmo.
SANTA BARBARA — Sai^d Nov 7 — Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San TA*z%; stmr Coos Bay,
for San Francisco. *
Bailed Nov 7 — Stmr South Bay, for San
Pedro; stmr Santa Cruz, for Ban Francisco.
PORTLAND — Arrived Nov 7 — 8tmr Rose
crans, hence Nov 3.
TATOOSH — Passed In Nov 7 — Br stmr Wal
llnrton. herce Nov 4 for Ladysmith; stmr
Montara. hence Nov 4 for Seattle.
Paused out Nov 7 — Bktn Puako, from Bel-
Ungham for Port Natal.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov C — Schr Ida. McKay.
hence Nov 1: stmr North Fork.henee Nov 5;
stm r R»n Gabriel, from Umpnua River: «tmr
I \V H Kruger h«nce Nov 5. Nov. 7 — Stmr Po
' tnona hence 'Nov 6:, schr Glendale, he Nov 1.
' Sailed Nov ->X5— Stmrs Phoenix, Despatch,
Corona and Euraia for San Francisco. Nov
7 gtmr Coqullle Itlver, for San Francisco.
BAI-LARD— Sailed Nov 6— Schr Prosper, for
i SAN PIBVJO— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Alcatraa.
from San Pedro. - '_- ¦>¦•
TVESTPORT — Arrived Nov 7 — Stmr Navarro,
hence Nov fl. and railed for Bowens Landing.
ABERDEEN — Sailed Nov 7 — Stmr Chehalis,
for Ean Pedro.
. EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sailed Not
C— Ship Bangalore, for San Pedro. Cal.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA — Arrived Nov 6 — Bktn Lahalna, fm
Astoria. powaoW PORTS. '
AUCKLAND— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Ven
tura, hence Oct 20.
Bailed Nov 4— Etmr Sonoma, for San i Fran-
CALLAO — Arrived Oct 18^ — Br stmr Ken
sington, from Panama.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Nov 4 — Br stra r In
drasamha. from New York for Singapore.
HAMBURG — Sailed Nov 8 — Qer ship Olinda,
for Santa Rosalia.
HONCJKONG — Sailed, Oct 27 — G«r /»tmr, Nu
mantla. for ' Portland: ¦ - - v^ .•«--•
BRISBANE^ — Arrived J»ov 6 — Br stmr
Aorangi. from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Nov 7 — Jap stmr
America Mnru. hence Oct 10. . •
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Nov C— Bktn.
Movements of Steamers.
Weather Report.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrocraphic Office. U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange San Francisco, Cal..
November 7, 190*.
The Tlmo Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at neon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. 8. N., In charge.
1 FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER CHAL
LENGER ON FIRE AND IN A
SINKING CONDITION. /'
tables. 4 bbls flour, 82,010 lb» 60 bx« dried
fruit, 80,240 lbs raisins, 1205 cs canned goods,
10 pkgs groceries and provisions. 4S3 gals 2 cs
wine, 2 cs brandy, 6190 lbs malt, 1428 lbs cof
fee. 3223 lb« glucose. 997 lb» nuts. 2235 lbs
meals. 525 pkgs paste, 5 cs honey. 20 cs salad
oil, £10 lbs candy. 272 Ib» cheese. 500 lbs choco
late. 2732 lbs beans. 1012 lbs dried fish. 44 pkps
roofing material. 90 pes steel, 65 bbls paint. 200
tins matches. 0 pkgs leather, 842 lbs grease,
» pkK? machinery, 7 cs drugs, 11 pkgs acid. 2
cs arms and ammunition, 1 cs boots and shoes.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the.
fourth time column gives the last tide of tb«
day. t-xcept when there are but. three tides, as
tometlmes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except -when a minus { — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given .by
tha charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
With SCOO barrels of lime burning in
side her hull the three masted schoon
er Challenger made a race along the"
coast for this port. She sailed from
iloche Harbor. Washington, a few days
:igo. bound for San Francisco. She
liso bad 155.000 feet of lumber in the |
and on deck. A few hours out
r.eated air was noticed coming up
:hrough the hatch and an examination
I 'roved that the lime in some of the
tiarrels had become damp and was
apidly slaking. The heat engendered
: ¦¦>• the chemical change was beginning
o make things torrid about the decks
md the schooner was /put to her best
-peed.
A coal cargo will burn slowly and the
iiroir.pt scuttling of the ehip will
quench the flre and possibly save the
reeaeL Lime heats rapidly and the
hemical change, once begun, cannot
e checked till the cargo is all slaked
and ruined. So the Challenger was
loomefl and the only course open to
he captain was to get the schooner In
port before she became too * hot for
habitation and then sink her in shallow
r.tter, let the lime burn itself out and
s^riouEly damage the vessel, as it was
ocund to do. and thus save the lum
ber.
All tall was kept on. even when half
-. gale was blowing. The schooner
with all four of her sticks straining in
:heir steppings fairly flew over the
wave* for the Golden Gate. Hatches
A-ere fastened down. but nothing
i ould be done to cool the furnace be
low. The decks over the heating bar
rels v.-£re becoming hot and threaten
ing to buckle, but Captain Nelson told
the men to keep off the hot planks
;<nd save their shoe soles, while he
watched the water rushing astern and
wished he could make torpedo-boat
epeed.
Quicklime is not a misnomer, even
when it is eating up a ship, and yes
terday morning when the Challenger
was ofT South Bend, Washington, the
crew left the hot hull and came ashore
in one of the boats. A tug was sent
out from the port and the schooner
towed into the harbor, where she was
hastily scuttled on a mud flat. She
will lie there till the lime ie slaked.
Captain Woodside of the Pacific
Stevedoring- a.nd Ballasting Company
said last night that the lime was a
total loss, of course, and the vessel
was ruined. He had learned that
i"aptain Nelson was stripping the
schooner of sails and gear, and would
; ave all the lumber possible. Captain
Woodsio> v.-ill start for South Bend
this morning and after completing the
Ftripp'ng of the wreck will dispose of
It for what it will bring.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILDING,
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 7.— Studies of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition are be
ing made by San Francisco business
men who are interested in the project
of holding a world's fair in that city
upon the completion of the Panama
canal. Several leading citizens of San
Francisco have devoted much of the
time occupied by their visits at this fair
in making observations and gathering
data to be used in conneotlon with the
proposed San Francisco exposition.
Two points these observers have all
agreed upon— that any exposition in
San Francisco must be smaller than
this one, and that it must have novel
ties that will give it a distinct interest
over the last two American World's
Fairs. There are general lines that can
not be abandoned in giving a fair, but
those who give one after this must
search the world and inspire the mind
of genius to secure at least a few nov
elties if a great success Is to be
achieved.
SHOULD ELIMINATE GRAFT.
•R. B. Hale, who has been one of the
most prominent men in the movement
for a San Francisco exposition, was the
first to study the St. Louis Fair In con
nection with that project. He visited
the officials* of the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition and obtained a good gen
eral idea of the workings of the various
departments and the benefit of the ex
perience of the men he visited. An
drew Davis, vice president of the Mer
chants'. Association, accompanied him.
Later-Messrs. Symmes, Jennings, Bbar
boro and others took notes here for use
should San Francisco decide to give a
fair, and the variety of knowledge
gleaned by them will make the next
meeting in behalf of the suggested ez
position an interesting one.
They all agree that if San Francisco
gives a fair she can and should make a
record by excluding abuses practiced
at world's expositions up to date,
through which both exhibitors and vis
itors suffer. There has probably never
been given a fair at which there was
not a laxity regarding the throttling of
"graft." , ,- .. : , ..
CALIFORNIANS: NEED FURS. '
It looks as if the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition promoters forgot that the
weather grew cold In Missouri In win
ter time when they decided to run the
fair a month longer than the Chicago
Exposition. The big exhibit buildings
are" beginning to get chilly inside, and
November has not begun to do its
worst yet. The California exhibitors
are beginning to long for a few in
voices of their salubrious home climate.
In the Palace of Agriculture, where
most of them are, the problem of keep
ing warm when the thermometer takes
a still greater drop is becoming a seri
ous one.
Oil heaters are not allowed in any
building and gas is not practical in the
larger ones. There is hardly any sort
of a fire, anyway, except an eruption
of Vesuvius, that would have much ef
fect In a shell-like building covering
twenty-two acres. The Calif ornlans
will either have to establish a running
track around their -exhibit or wrap
themselves in furs if they remain to
show their oranges and grapes to the
hardy Norwegians and Danes who go
into the building. They are hoping that
the majority of the November days will
be fairly comfortable.
NO SALE FOR BUILDINGS.
States and nations that have erected
buildings on the fair grounds are try-
Ing hard to get something for the
structures at the close of the fair. It is
surprising how little an exposition
structure is worth after the season has
ended. The highest bid that has been
made for the California f building is
$150. One contractor made an offer of
$30 for it. The fact that it took a medal
doesn't seem to make it one bit more
valuable. It can't stay where it is, and
the man who pulls it down will not get
much more than a plla of plaster and
some doors, mantels and ' grates.
No offer has yet been made for the
San Francisco building, though it has
been .offered to any one who will buy.
The contractors who erected It will not
give a cent for it, nor for any other
building they have put up on the
grounds. It Is possible, however, that
a few hundred dollars may be obtained
for it, as it contains some good lumber
and some redwood doors and casings
that are of value. The smallness of
the bids offered indicates that St. Louis
has some secret kindling supply, that
she never told exhibitors about when,
she induced them to come here and
erect buildings.
A gold medal banner has been hung
over the entrance to the San Francisco
building reception room and San Fran
ciscans who call at the structure and
see It will have occasion to feel a
pride in the exhibit made by their
home city. ' ; •' .'
"TURNING TOWARD PORTLAND.
It 'seems that Governor Pardee has
well defined Ideas as to what sort", of
a building California should have at
Portland during the Lewis and Clark
centennial, and that he Is already well
Into the matter 'of establishing Cali
fornia's/exhibit there. A member of
an Oakland firm of contractors, which
has already ; done some construction
work at the Portland fair, has. writ
ten here asking information - concern-
Ing the California State, building at St.
Louis and as to what exhibits' that
State has here that. are most worthy
to go to the Oregon metropolis. An
excerpt, from the letter, which shows
something of the style • of structure
contemplated for the Portland fair Is
as follows:* . jfsHSI
"I am trying to .aid the Governor to
plan a California building suitable for
headquarters and at the same time for
a',- large part of California's exhibits.
The 'Governor has suggested, and we
are now working on the lines of a cross-
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Grand Jury's Accusation Filed.
The accusation of the Grand Jury
charging the Election Commissioners
with misfeasance in office was filed
yesterday with Presiding Judge Law
lor. A return was also filed by Po
liceman Dobbin showing that the
Commissioners had been cited to ap
pear in court on November 16 to an
swer the accusation. Judge Lawlor
assigned the case to his own court.
Supervisors "to Test Refusal
of Spring A'alley Com
pany to Obey Requests
e ¦ —
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
referred to the Joint Finance and Fire
Committee the reoort of the City En-
I gineer on the proposed Twin Peaks
auxiliary high-pressure water supply
system, for which $150,000 was appro
priated. The report says:
I recommend that the proposed 20.000,000
sallon reservoir be located at an elevation o«.
755 feet on the natural saddle about 1000 feet
northwesterly from the northernmost of the
I Twin Peaks. Preliminary to the construction
. of the reservoir will coma the- acquirement of
[ eighteen acres of land for the reservoir itself
I and for the roadway approaching to it. ThU
Is the central portion of a tract of land as
sessed at $22,500 for forty-seven acres, which
should all be acquired for the reservoir site,
and some of It be made available In the gen
eral scheme for beautifying the city.
The petition of property-owners that
gas mains be placed In Surrey, Sussex.
Chenery and Diamond streets was re
ferred to the Light Committee.
The Joint Police and Judiciary Com
mittee will meet on Friday at 3:30
o'clock to resume the inquiry into the
alleged irregularities at Ingleslde
Coursing Park.
The board referred to the "Water
Committee the resolution directing the
Spring Valley Water Company to lay
mains along Pine street, between Tay r .
lor and Mason, and North Stanyan
street, between Fulton and McAl
lister, with connecting hydrants. The
object of the resolution Is to -test the
power of the Supervisors to order ad
ditional £re protection, which the wa
ter company has refused to acknowl
edge.
The proposed inquiry Into the ac
tion of the Finance Committee In with
holding payment of the demands of
F. M. Yorke & Co. for repairing bi
tuminous pavements was made a spe
cial order for next Monday at 3
o'clock.
State and Nations. Find the
Structures White Ele
phants as End Approaches
Crew Deserts
the Warm
Craft
Overdue §hip
Comes Into
Bay.
WEATHER TURNS COLD
San Francisco People Keep
in Mind the Possibility
of a Fair in This City
Engineer - Files a Report
on High Pressure Auxil
iary Water Supply System
WANT MAINS INSTALLED
RACING FOR PORT WITH A CARGO
OF BURNING LIME IN THE HOLD
TAKING NOTES
AT ST. LOUIS
FAVORS A SITE
FOR RESERVOIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, 1904.
11
'.' t^- ¥ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uricsol,
the only cvre for
Rheumatism.
If you ere suffering from rheuma-
tism there is a chance for you to be-
come absolutely cured. You may
cure yourself and do it quickly if you
will lay aside your prejudice and
skepticism.
Every San Francisco druggist sells
Uricsol, the well-known remedy, and
we hereby authorize them to guaran-
tee a cure. v _/
Uricsol cures rheumatism in the only
possible way it can be cured.
Uric Acid and Urates are the cause
of Rheumatism. These are deposited
in the ; tissues, blood vessels and joint3
of the body.
These deposits must be dissolved
and eliminated from the system be-
fore a cure can be accomplished.
Uricsol is a solvent of these and
tones up the system, stimulates the
kidneys, liver a.nd bowelo and thus
drives them from the system.
Uricsol is harmless, and no injuri-
ous results can possibly come to any
part of your body.
Write us to-day for booklet con-
taining recommended diet for "rheu-
matics.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.
Los Angeles, Cal.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
(tallSEUH OF ANATOHYl
0 ££ i53m3iKsr.fc.».e:Mra,s.r.c»!. A
\ C3f Tho Lurest Ap»10B>ic»l Miucusia th* \
A _«si5e»-v Wa«l<l. W— lrn«M»« « a.y contracted Q
7 flfe'jTrlJl di»«a« ««»ltl»»lr mmrm* ny the oJdeit Y
A flSfS? A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ P€ffiy&fl Contoluden frta tnd ftrictW prWite. \
m I IJ& B Tr^raieoi penonslly er bv Utter. A Q
flnnl Pmj«m Ow«ta 3»enr e»ieunJ«rtiken. \
AVI IIO Writ, for Pock. PHILSHOPHY.fi
v " I II* BAnaUUK, MAiLia rua. (Ay
X n Jl Tmiutble book for nr n) \
. V D& JOBDA.M A CO.. 1051 Market st. S. P. Y
1 e-^^v^"% ><^"^<^''^r^'^ > '^::^ > >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Is quite a good picture of Miss
Kate Erhardt. who lives at 518 Fie; ave-
nue. Santa Barbara. Cal. Miss Erhardt
had suffered for years with distressing
asthma. It is needless to describe
asthma to the unfortunates who »uffer
from this awful disease. All sufferers
from asthma realize what It means to
smother and cough and flght for breath
as the majority of these sufferers have
to do when a bad paroxysm of asthma
comes on. Miss Erhardt suffered from
the worst form of asthma for years,
was taking all kinds of medical treat-
ment, which did her no good. She cam*
to the Electro-Chemic Institute. IIS
Grant avenue. San Francisco, and took
Just six weeks' treatment. In that time
she was thoroughly cured of her asthma
and has now returned to her home in
Santa Barbara thoroughly and perma-
nently cured. Such cures as this is con-
stantly adding additional proof that the
Electro-Chemic treatment does cure
diseases which In the past have been in-
curable under the ordinary medical
treatment used for them. Any one is at
liberty to write Miss Erhardt and she
will be only too glad ta.subgtantlate this
statement in every particular. Such
cures as this explain why the Electro-
Chemic practice is now the largest spe-
cial practice on the Pacific Coast. It ex-
plains why other, physicians with a few
electrical Instruments are trying to imi-
tate Electro-Chemistry. Such rures
should make it plain to all sufferers if
they desire an absolutely reliable treat-
ment they should try to go to the orig-
inal Institution, the El«rtro-Chemie In-
stitute, which Is meeting with such un-
qualified success. The specialists of the
Electro-Chemic Institute Invite all suf-
ferers to call for free consultation, ex-
amination and advice. The afflicted
should remember that the Electro-
Chemic practice is the most successful
treatment known for the cure of Ca-
tarrh, Consumption, Asthma. Bronchitis,
Deafness, Ringing Ears. Rheumatism.
Paralysis. Locomotor Ataxla. Neuralgia.
Cancers. Tumors. Old Sores. Eczema,
Dyspepsia, Liver Trouble. Kidney and
Blarlder troubles, Bright's Disease.
Piles. Fistula. Constipation. Headaches.
Dizziness. Insomnia, Epilepsy. Stricture.'
Prostatitis. Female Irregularities. Mis-
placements, Ovaritis, Pain in Back,
etc. The Electro-Chemic Institute is
centrally located at US Grant ave-
nue, corner of Post street. San Fran-
cisco. There are private apartments
set aside for ladies and gentlemen, and
the office hours are daily from 9 in the
morning until 6 In the afternoon, and 7
to 8 at night, and Sundays from 10 in
the morning until 1 in the afternoon.
The Electro-Chemic treatment is abso-
lutely painless. Small children and
even babies are now taking it without
the least complaint. It is the most won-
derful treatment known for shattered
nerves, and in those bad cases where
the physical strength is all gone the pa-
tient is built up and made stronger and
thoroughly cured so quickly that it is
almost Impossible to realize the change
in the sufferer. All are welcome, but no
Incurable eases are accepted.
carters! SICK HEADACHEb
P3ittle Genuina Must Bear
g IVER Fac-Simils Signature -
iPILLS. — ¦&"¦;
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leav* Broadway
wharves (piers 9 tnd 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchikaa, \7rangel.
Juneau, Treadwells. Hatnes.
Skarway, etc.. Alaska— 11
a. m.. Not. 1. 6. 11, 10. 21.
26. Dec 1. Chans* to this
company's at*amers at Seat-
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
fcVattle. T&coma, Everett. South Belllns;*xam,
Bellineham— 11 a. m.. Nor. 1. 8, 11, lfl, 21.
28, Dec. 1. Chasg* at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. l:3O
p. m.. Nov. 6. 13. 18, 34. 30. Deo. 4. Ooroaa.
1:80 t. m., Nov. 3. ». 13. 21. 27. D*ol 3.
For Los Ancsles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). Ean Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. in.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anpeles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. Ban Simeon. Cayucoe. Port Harford (San>
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Not. 7. 13. 23. Deo. I.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. Nov. 8. 11. 19, 27. Dee, 9.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right .
Is reserved to change steamers or salllnc dates.
TICKET OrnCIS — f New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market *t..and Broad-
way wharves, rrelsrbt Office 10 Markat st.
C t>. DUJJAJtN. General Passencar Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 2d Batter St.. will
call for and check bas-gase from hotels sad
resldtnces. Telephone Exchange 812. -v.
AMXHUCAZr UNB.
Plymouth — Cherbonrir — South amDtoa.
New Tork Nov. 101 Philadelphia ...Dec. S
St. Paul Nov. 261 St. Louis..,.. .Dec 10
ATLANTIC TBAKSPOBT TJHTE.
New Tork — London Direct.
Mnmnee.Xov. 19. 0 ami Mesaba. Deo. 3. 10 an
Mntka.Nov.26. 7:30 am Mlnneha-Deo. 10. 8 am
DO MI HI ON JtlSE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Southwark Nov. 19<Canada Dec. l'»
BED STAB LUTE.
If ew Tork — Antwerp— London— Paris.
Calllnc at Dover for London and Parts.
Vaderland.....N*ov. WIFlnland Pec. 10
Kroonland Nov. gftl Zeeland Dec. 17
WU1T1S STAB U5TE.
Haw Tork — Queenrtown — Liverpool.
Ocsanlc.Nov. IS. noon! Baltic. .Nov. 30. 11 am
MaJestle.Nov.23. 10am'Cedrtc-.D»c. 7. 5:3Oam
Boston — Queen stown — Liverpool.
Cymrlo ....November 1.
NEW TOBX AND BOSTON DIRECT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NEW TORK.
REPTTBLIC Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 2S
CRETIC D«r. 12. F"eb. 4. March IS
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC..; Nov. 19, Jan. 7. Feb. H
ROMANIC Dec. 10. Jan. ZS. March tt
C. D. TAYLOR. Passensrer Aicent Pactfla Coast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
oceai.lcS.sxo. raswsi
g~ B SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Nov. 10. 2 p. m.
8 S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 19. 11 am.
8 e!maRIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 23. II a. m.
I D.SPBECKLS& B20S. Ca. AZti.Timt Kfl£85!3itt-
t£L- Freii&t ernes 323 Karfct sl, -Pisr l Pacifc ;l
COMPAOHIS GS3EBAX.3 TSAN31TLA9TI39X
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -..,._
Sailinc every Thursday Instead of <*Sp*>
Saturday, at 10 a, m.. from Pier ¦- Wr?;*
«¦» North River, foot of Morton st.
F~lrst class to Havre. $70. and upward, asc-
end class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
rAVADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork'. J. F. FUGAZI & Co.. Pacific Ccast
A«ents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franclsc«*.
Tickets' sold by at) Railroad Ticket Agents.
ror IT. S. Nsry Yard and VaUsJo.
Strs. General Friable. Montlcello and Arrow.
B45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:13 p.m.. 8 p.m.. S:30p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:43 a.m..
12-30 p.m.. flP-m-. S :30 p.m. Leave VaUeJo, 7
am 0 a.m., 12:3i> p.m.. 3:13 p.m., 6 p.m. Sun.
days' 7 a.m.. © a.m.. 3:2O p.m.. 8 p.m. Pier X
ft Mission st. : phone Main 1506. HATCH BRO3
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per YeaivTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ' NOVEMBER 8, 1904.
12
SPIBITUAI.ISM — Oontlnned.
INGA THERESE SHAGREN. the best psychic
In -the city: I have thousands of testimonials
as to my ability to read the future; call and
I will give you a trial reading of your life
free. 19 Ewlng place, on west side of La-
gtma st.. between Sutter and Post; no glgiff
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyant. Office. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
C. V. MILLER'S trumpet seance to-night, 8
o'clock: 50c; Thursday, 8 p. m. 10S4 Bu9h »t.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance e'very
night except Saturday: 10c. 143 Sixth st.
MRS. GORDON, business medium and life
reader. 132 Sixth st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkin,
room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mr.de;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main S5S0.
_. DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; sliver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.2O4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.l4Jst
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, Jl 50 up; crowns, $2 up;fllllngs, 25c
DR. R. l. WALSH has moved from Geary it
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perklna. Mgr.. SC9 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIOHAL.'
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons" building.
A — "Single page method"; no text-books; twice
the progress in artlthmetlc.bookkeeplng.short-
hand. etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 12S1 Mkt.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, ussay, cTanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 73S Mission.
BOOKKEEPING. Enc. math., etc.; day and
tve.; Individual instr. SOS Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
CLASSES In short story writing and journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 18U3; largest In the West; send
for circulars.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN. 1155 Larkin. gives thor-
ough, successful Instruction In piano and vocal.
HIGH School mathematics; coaching by new,
easy methods; evengs and by mall. 2O Hartford
SPANISH for business, dally lessons, $1 a
week; 4 to 9 p. m. Room 42, Parrott bldg.
KENT Law School; day and night; send for
particulars, 536 Parrott building.
SPANISH. French. etc. Prof. De Fllippe'sAcademy
- of languages, 1018 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
mandolin club. Jl per month. 828 Haight st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 315 Haight;
Individual instruc; all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave., S. F. : 75-page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT OrPXCES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies t-est help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel.James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 6752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Lson Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kind* help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAjTTED-ra^Lr.
A SWEDISH waitress with superior references
wants a place as parlormaid and waitress;
also a capable Danish housemaid, with best
of reference* from her last place, wants a
situation. Call or address MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 425 Sutter st. Phone Main 5472.
A SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day.
Phone MRS. NORTON, Grant 17S.
GERMAN governess wishes country position;
thorough musician; experienced teacher;
piano, singing. German and English branches,
literature. Aliss Wagner, P. O., Frultvale.
SCIENTIFIC massage by a graduate of the
Weir Mitchell method: sprains, fractures and
dislocations a specialty: references If de-
sired. Box 47S5, Call office.
WANTED — A rwsltlcn as cook in institution
or young ladies' school: wages from $40 to
XoO. Box 4513. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do upstalr3
• work in private family; wages $25. Address
box 2203, Call office.
WANTED — A position as cook In first-class
American family: wages, from $35 to $40.
Box 4514, Call office.
A REFINED German young lady; cannot
speak English; for general housework in
small family. 670 Castro st.,'near 20th.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position for general
housework: late from Europe. • Apply to 772
Harrison st., between Third and Fourth."
A SWEDISH eirl wishes position to do gen-
eral housework in small family; wages $20.
1153^4 Pacific st. .
A RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes po-
sition . to do chamberwork in country hotel.
Box 1»-21. 100X Market st.
POSITION as artist's model or In art studio.
Box lb"!2, 1008 Market st. -7»-
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931. *
YOUNG reliable married woman wants to
work by the day or to cook dinners. -Apply
7 Lilac ave.,- near 24th and Mission.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants, a position
for general housework in a small family.
2222 Post St.; no postals.
YOUNG girl needs work; light housework and
to assist with children. Box 4510. Call office.
WOMAN would like to do general housework
and cooking in small family; best of, refs. ;
• 2 years In last place. 9.T3 Buchanan st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po-
, sitlon as cook or housework In a small fam-
I lly: cltyjor Alameda. Box 4493, Call office.
A FEW more engagements for massaging the
hair and complexion, or In the sick room;
physician's reference. Box 4487, Call office.
A ' RELIABLE woman wishes work In the
morning, or would help with Invalid and
do mending. MRS. WRIGHT, '207 Eddy st.
J MIDDLE-AGED German woman with small
child: permanent, place as cook in country-
570 Harrison at. ¦ .
A CAPABLE elderly lady wishes to take
charge of grown children; no objection -to
country; German instruction if desired. Box
4720. Call. .
EMPI.OYB<IE3rr WAITTi;P--gaaiala-C<m
GERMAN governess wishes country PO'"' 0 ":
thorough musician; «P* >r^ c f I d )l v"*^-'
piano, singing. German and Enjrll sh tranche*.
literature. Mlsa Wagner. P. O- Fruitiaie.
A RELIABLE woman will care for tnvaJW tor
elderly person; is good reader and corre-
spondent; patient and cheerful. Mrs. &nr itn.
8 Pine place, off Pine St.. near Mason.
EXPERIENCED fitter and designer wants
work by the day In families; rapid worker:
street and house dresses. UL.NLAJN. oox
3(5, 305 Larkin street.
t _^ — — — — — — — — — "~^~"~~
A GERMAN girl wants position as nurse for
child 3 years or oven speaks perfect Ger-
man and English; plain s«wlng; wages $-5.
Box 4443. Call. .
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer and
typewriter desires position with some reliable
firm; law work preferred; salary moderate.
Box 4454. Call.
A GERMAN woman wants to do washing,
house-cleanins and ironing by the day.
Please call 2S0 Harriet st.. between Har-
rison and Bryant. j
A LADY wants work by the day $1, car fare;
reference if needed; can do housework. Box
4520, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young colored woman
to assist In housework or work by the day.
Call at 10 Stockton place. fj
REFINED young woman wishes situation as
housekeeper, small family, or tend children.
Address 2512 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
DRESSMAKER, first-class references; street
and evening gowns; by the day. Box 4727,
Call office.
1 ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day. $1 60; dresses altered; perfect
fit guaranteed. Box 4440. Call.
A WOMAN with large family wants washing
or sewing to take home. 15 Germanla ave.
A JEWISH girl wishes position as cook In
Jewish family. Call 22S Seventh st.
GOOD Japanese girl wants a position at plain
cooking or housework. K. I., 1S06 Stock-
ton st. ¦' rt ' ;*
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
AA— A FIRST-CLASS painter^ paper hanger,
tlnter and gralner desires work by the day
or Job; first-class work guaranteed ; - good
¦work very reasonably done. 1454 Devlsadero.
AA — A COACHMAN wishes a position; under-
stands gardening, milking; handy with tools;
•rood horseman and driver; best of references.
Box 4463. Call.
BRIGHT man, speaks English, German.
French. Bohemian, little Russian, wants
suitable situation. W. MARSOUN, 513A
Larkin st.
A YOUNG man. 18. Just out from Sweden,
wishes to learn carpenter trade. Please call
or answer. 2631 Nineteenth st. : no postals
answered.
COACHMAN, willing to work and obliging,, can
milk, wishes position, city or country; ref-
erences. Address box 4541, Call office.
RELIABLE man. thoroughly experienced In
wine and liquor business, cellar and store,
wishes position. H. ENGEL. 387. Turk St.
BARBER, speaks English. German. French.
Bohemian, little Russian, wants stea.ly Job.
W. MARSOUN. 513A Larkin st.
YOUNG man wants to drive light delivery
wagon; knows city thoroughly. Apply 7 Li-
lac are.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery and bar-
room; good references. W. BOHLING. 417
Kearny st.
ORGANIST and pianist desires position. Ad-
dress JOSEPH LAL'BACH. 241 Oak St.
STRONG young man.' 29 years of age. and
wife, with 2-year-old boy would like steady
employment: man Is good all-round farmer;
wife will do cooking and house-work. Ad-
dress A. HURYCH, 10% Moss St.. between
Sixth and Seventh.
A. YOUNG man. sober,' reliable, capable, of
good address, references, wishes position as
traveling salesman; any line except cigars,
liquors. Box 4741. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER ar.d salesman. 24, understands
stenography and typewriting, wants position,
city or country; can furnish cash bond. Box
47o9, Call office.
A MARRIED man, aged 44. good health and
1 habits, rapid and accurate with figures; prac-
tical executive ability for in and outdoor du-
ties, acquainted with shipping and mercantile
business, can furnish city references from
last employer and cash security, desires a
situation regardless of location. Box 4527,
Call office.
GENTLEMAN of good address wishes engage-
ment with firm as traveler or collector; good
references as to character; cash bond if re-
•quir?d. Address J. M. ALVARE3. 731
Ellis st., city.
WOULD like position of any kind, where a
knowledge of office work and willingness
to work Is wanted; am 34 years old: have
Eastern references. Box 4722. Call office.
YOUNG man well educated, accurate and re-
liable, with know-ledge of bookkeeping and
business experience, wants position; refer-
ences. Box 4447. Call.
YOUNG man. good worker, steady, reliable
and temperate; anything where he can ad-
vance; reasonable wages. Box 4714. Call
office. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants place: private
family: good all.rouod man; gardening,
cooking; reference; wages moderate; used to
horses. Box 4715. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position In a private
family or private stable; understands the
care of fine horses: can give best references
Address box 149S, Call office. Oakland.
A COLORED man wants work as houseman;
can do plain cooking: can drive team: has
references. W. CHOCLATE, 13 Seventh St..
room 19.
WANTED— Position or fuperintendent of saw-
mill; best of reference. Address box 4652.
Call office. San Jcse.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants position for even-
Ings, Saturday and Sunday. Box 4737. Call.
YOUNG Germsn. steady, honest ami Industrt-
ous, desires position at anything; best rerer-
encea. Box 475S, Call office.
NON-UNION blacksmith with Al recommenda-
tions wants work with responslbile parties.
162(i Russell st., Berkeley.
GROCERY and bar clerk wants positron: 10
years' experience. Address F. E. M.. 007B
Howard Kt. ", , . ;
RELIABLE man. thoroughly experienced in
wine and liquor business, cellar and store.
wishes position. H. ENGEL. 387 Turk st.
WANTED — A situation^ &a cook: is also a good
baker. 14 ',-4 Bernard st.. off Taylor.
A RELIABLE man wants posifton as night
watchman; references. I. B., 756 Folsom st.
JAPANESE good boy wishes position, any kind
cf work: speaks good English. D. SADA,
S04 Stockton st.; phone Bush 19.
A JAPANESE experienced cock wants position,
housework. G. Y.. 20 Lewis place, San Fran- I
cisco -
A NEAT Jap*nese desires a position as school-
boy In small family: good plain cook. S. K..
121 Haight st.. Japanese Mission.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as a
schoolboy: near Hamilton School. M. K.,
935 McAllister st.. city.
A JAPANESE boy wants a- position as school-
boy. 1225 Devlsadero st. : phone Scott 54*.
JAPANESE couple wish positions, man good
cook, wife waiter and housework. In city or
country: wages $50 per month. 467 Hayes
st. K. SHOJI.
A JAPANESE wants to wash dishes every
night. GUI. 1410 Pine St.. San Francisco,
phone Hyde 171.
• JAPANESE boy wants a situation to do work
as a laundryman In family, city or coun-
try. NAKA, IS St. Mary's st.
A' JAPANESE, experienced cook, wants posi-
tion, housework. •¦ G. Y.. 20 Lewis place.
A -MODERN, sunny upper flat; 7 large rooms-
newly furnished .1 . months ago. 917 Jones
St., near Bush, 9 to 5 p. m.
NICELY furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath-
all outside, sunny rooms; cheap; parties
going East. 1C83 Turk st.
FOR sale — New 8- room flat; nlc»ly furnished •
a great bargain; own*r leaving town. Apply
041) Bush st. •*
BARGAIN— Leaving city: furnished flat 4
rooms; rent $10. 30 Langton i»., nr. Folsom.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat, complete; cheaD-
rent $16. 1714 Harrison st. P *
BUSINESS CHANCES.
RESTAURANT and cafe close to Market and
Powell ets.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business: best class of
patronage: owner engaged In other buM-
nej>s; niu.=t sacrifice. See R. G. \\ ILKt.
2»i'-i Kearny st
A— $000: ROADHOU5E with 7 furnished rooms;
rent $20; 5 vears" lease; very best location;
on San Mateb read. See R. G. WILKE. 26 H
Keamy st.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a larpe cash busi-
ness: location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 20Uj OCearny St.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Pbelan
building; net rent $125; lease: stock will in-
voice about J1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; tare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 2UH Keamy st. _ j
A — J'JWO: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
biock from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a lirst-cjass business;
about *7o p-T day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 2«Va Keamy st.
A— $ir>0; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce store; I block from Palace Hotel:
dally ifceipu from $^0 up, horse, wagon;
place clearing $200 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 ',4 Kearny St.
A— JflOO — CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth St., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26Vfr Kearny st.
X— JirOO — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 28 years as a good reliable (
hou»*. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— 516OO: CORNER cigar stand on Ellis st.;
leate; a good paying place; location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N. Y. ; a sacri-
nce. See R. G. WILKE. 2C- Kearny st.
A— $C500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place tbis kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
ccrner; rent $30; best location; business pay-
ing well. R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market St.; net rent $SK>: lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in eight. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny. |
A — $300; CIGAR stand: rent $:J0; only 2 blockj
from Call building; a bargain. Call It. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny it.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call X R- G. WILKE. 2tS#
Kearny st.
A — $5000; roadhounn and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rootns, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000: one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $2C50; HOTEL of SO rocms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A — flCOO: COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds. 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; cloje to depot; in lively
buElnees town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2<i}$
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living looms; rent $25:
daly receipts about $20: best location north of
Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny.
A— 53500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
rt.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about S2S00; a well established and
f .Tt-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — First-class bazaar; located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateglass windows;
store fixtures; large stock; long lease: cheap
rent: doing good business, clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; sick-
ness; snap; price $3500.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 50 stalli;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
hordes, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring caut.e of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
FOR wale — Stationery, school supplies, dress
llningE; well located: cheap rent; doing good
business: 3 living rooms; stock will Invoice
more than prloe asked: sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON &.CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds cf real es-
tate. roomlng-hour.es and business chances.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
frcm $500 to $si)0 per month; trial given If
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sal* — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
let 30x137 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy; tine well: 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; map; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. a Eddy st.
FOR sale— Several goods business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry, ice-
cream manufactory, bakeries. furnishing
sroods. merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to irention; would be pleasted to have
>ou call and inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES. . '
IF you wlFh to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St.,
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
FOR sale — Launch business: owing to C. A.
McNelll being suddenly called East and de-
tained Indefinitely, the established business,
launches, etc.. of the C. A. McNelll Launch
Co. Is offered for eale. For particulars in-
quire at office, Clay-st. bulkhead.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO.
Leading Western Hotel Brokers. 26 Mpnt-
gomery Et.. S. F. ; phone James 6301; hotels
for sale and to lease throughout the West;
hctelmen Invited to call.
$600— RESTAURANT; great bargain: fine loca-
tion; good business; party going East; also
list of Ealocns. Eltel & Carroll, 212 Kearny.
GROCERY and fruit store, cheap, with three
rooms of furniture; central location: only
$CG<>. Apply 23 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WANTED — Partner: restaurant: $250: must be
good cook. Address C. F.. box 4517. Call.
FOR sale^ — First-class grocery and delicacy
store. 3601 Army st.,- cor. San Jose 1 ave.
FOR sale or to let — Bakery business; doing
$80 day: will guarantee big Increase to right
party: established 25 years; best of trade.
Box 2934. Call office.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. EUicott square,
Buffalo.
COMPETENT business man, with $5000, as
president of a good substantial company;
can clear $10,000 first year; Investigate this.
Box 476<>. Call. -
WANTED — To invest $2000 (n a corner gro-
cery and bar; place must be w'orth the
money. Address, with price and location,
box 4501. Call.
A— $3OO; PARTNER wanted In mechanical
business; light work; short hours; no previous
experience required: $15 to $3fi a week each.
47 G*ary st.. room 2.
PARTNER — Detective and collection: estab-
lished business; small capital. 1014 Broad-
way, room 25, Oakland.
PHOTO supply store; good locality, city; will
exchange for Oakland or Berkeley property;
evening*, 7:30 to 9:30. 2531 Mission st.
$1500 CASH or realty syndicate certfflcote;
corner grocery.' family liquor store; no op-
pocltion; best location. 1693 Post st.
' WANTED — To buy saloon or grocery and bar;
give price and location; owners only. Box
.4761. Call.
HONEST man. full charge, cigar stand; $**0
week. 1206 Market st.. room 6.
CANDY store; good location; must sell: come
make offer; choice of two. 1427 Market st.
GOOD furniture store; 3 living rooms; big yard-
brick building; rent $18. S4S Howard st.
FOR sa!e — $2000. livery stable; across bay; good
stand. 212 Eddy St.. downstairs.
ROUTE 12. Fan Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
FINE paying drj'BOOds store, with lease; own-
er leaving gtate; no agents. Box 44S1. Call.
$S5o — CIGAR store for sale; downtown ' and
very central. Box -4405, Call.
PLACE fcr lease: fitted for a cigar stand;
rood location. Box . 4006, Call.
BPSIWESS CHAITCE8 — Continued.
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market St.. bet. Oth and Oth.
Phone Folsom 1848. . "
A" grocery and bar, located on busy street:
larce stock and good fixtures; Al trade: 3
nice living rooms; bargain for ?ST>0. See
BROOKBANK. •
$1.V> buys br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and
milk depot; 3 nice '(urn. rooms; cheap rent;
a bargain. See BROOKBANK, !»17 Market.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober, industrious man who
can invest $30O and services; he will give
Interest in business clearing $2<X> per mo.;
references exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
Sn50— PARTNER for well playing cigar stand
on Market st.; elegant fixtures: full stock;
money-maker. See BROOKBANK.
J250 — f2,V> — S250.
SALOON license — Faloon license. See BROOK-
BANK^ [
CALL route for sale; good route In Alameda.
Apply to this office cr call at 1S13 Pacific i
ave., Alameda: take broad gauge train, get
off at Grand st. station, Alameda; call bo-
fore 12 noon^ :.¦'-•.'.¦"¦-.. ¦
FOR sale — On account of sickness, small
branch bakery and delicatessen store. 2700
Mission st.
MAN and wife want to buy a notion store
close to school. Box 4102, Call.
CIGAR stand: good stock. Inquire 125 Third
st. . .---^A--" : -' :'. t .h<-::ir*'-h'-
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened a,t 1008 Market »t., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
I.ODGING-HOU3ES FOB, 8AI.E.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 360..
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
W« furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND
A 37-room house on Ellis St., only 4 blocks
from Market: fine location; elegantly fur-
nished, right up to date.
A SWELL ENTRANCE. STEA5I HEAT.
HOT AND COLD WATER.
Profit $175 monthly; only S1500 cash neces-
sary; r.ear flrst-cla69 restaurants.
EVERY MODERN CONVENIENCE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
"STJNNY HOME" FOR SALE.
NEAR Post and Leavenworth. •
Isn't that a fine location?
RENT $4, profit $4 per room; 23 rooms.
Permanent roomers, of course.
PRICE $S00 down and $S00 on time.
MARION GRIFFIN.
WOULD YOU like to bank $211 monthly?
We offer you such a house.
' Price $3200.
YOU WILL GET
Eaey Terms
For quick action.
THE OWNER wants to take
A 68-room house
That we offer for $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN
Cordially Invites you
To Investigate.
A 12-room house
Reduced to $100 cash.
Central; rent $30.
Income over rent. $47.
All men roomers.
Not a 1st class house.
But It's reliable.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition for some enterpris-
ing lady or gentlejnan of education and re-
finement; new and modern houee of 6tt rooms;
partially furnished with a fine grade of fur-
niture, draperies and carpetlngs; rent only
$5 p«r room with a 5-year lease; price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SACRIFICE SALE of
the handsomest and me*t modern
apartment house of ISO rooms In San
Francisco; new and beautiful tur-
, nlshings that cost $16,000; will take
$7000; properly managed will pay
¥7500 yearly profit. It is the greatest
bargain ever offered. No cards.
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and MODERN 7-room flat, north of
Market; furnished new in September; rent
$27 50; price $450; hair mattresses.
NEAT,
See MARION GRIFFIN.
$1450 — 40 ROOMS; house poorly furnished;
forced *ale; good opening for right
party. MARION GRIFFIN.
$2500 — 50 ROOMS; well furnished apartment
house; corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays well.
marion griffin. '
$2000—38 ROOMS; hotel, clearing $160
monthly; very select boarders ;• owner
elck: will take pmall rooming-house In
exchange and time on balance.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$750—16 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner for 12
years; nice location for roomers or
boarders; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, i
APARTMENT HOUSE of 46 rooms.
NEAR HOTEL GRANADA.
RENT $150.
INCOME $175 monthly over expenses.
PRICE $3000; terms easy.
Agent from this office go with buyer.
MARION GRIFFIN.
mammm "™™ "^ "
GREAT SNAP.
ALL YOU NEED Is $300 cash.
14 rooms;
7 blocks north of Market street. \
Price down to $750. Easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
_
18-ROOM HOUSE.
Highly respectable. Near Post and Mason.
Clean and In good order. Rent $75.
Profit $75 monthly. Price $1200. ¦
MARION GRIFFIN.
200-ROOM HOUSE.
For exchange for real estate.
Partly furnished. New and modern.
Should clear $1000 monthly properly man-
aged. Price $9500.
gg . MARION GRIFFIN.
FOR SALE. ' • . .¦
36-room house; downtown ;fine furnlture.$5000
24 rooms; central; everything new, JIWXV
$S00 cash.
30 rooms; downtown: transient $2500
14 rooms; Sutter St.; transient $1000
1 100 rooms; all rented; fine furniture, $10 000
$6000 cash.
30 rooms; corner house: very swell $3500
Ban Francisco Credit Co., 10. Turk st., 1st fir.
MITCHELL & CO.
12C6 Market st. • . Phone Jessie 2031
Rooming and apartment houses hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaran-
teed. MITCHELL & CO.
OAKLAND house, 22 rooms; rent $60; -oak
furniture; lease; always full; good carpets:
center of town: $300 cash and small, monthly
payments secures It. MITCHELL &.CO.
LIST of great bargains: from 7 to 200 rooms;
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodging-
house. 377 acres land in Santa Clara County;
also 2 Oakland lots: . good paying country
hotels and rnadhounes. Money loaned on
furniture. E1TEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny.
ROOMING-HOUSE .of . 10 -nicely furnished
rooms for sale: always full;, good location.
. S84 Geary st., cor. j Larkin.
SIXTH. 308 — 12 rooms; rent. $30; great sacri-
fice: must sell. Call 12 to 7.
pnnn rfi tari p papari p hfi p
1 tI I \ 1 1 I r\ j 1 j 1 h\ 111 r^ V j AA I AA 1 II 1 * 9 1 8 j I v I
JOHN' D. ySPRI^KELg^^-^J^^j^E
Address Communications to
roHX>McXACGHT. ~ :r;^31*nager
>V. J. MA1IT1X linsiness^ianagcr
TELEPHONE.
Af* for THE CALL. The Operator Will i Con-
nect You With the D.-2'artiaent ou W Isn.
Publication Office Markrt and Third. S. F. 1
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrirr?. 2<» Cts. ' Per Week. 75
Cts. P«f Month. Single Copies J Ok
Term* by 5Iai!. Including Postage (La?h With
Order » :
DAILY CALL <inc!u<l. Sunday). 1 >' ar - ¦•*?"£!
DAILY CALL «includ Sunday). « mos.... l.w
r>A ILY CALI-— By Sinclo Month <*<
Pl.TCDAT CALL. 1 Year - ¦'"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year ¦ ' oO
FonEiGN [SSti^SBaiBB
POSTAGE. ] weekly 1 oo Per Yes r Extra
ALL PO5TMAPTERS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earnplo Ccri«s will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in orderlnc chance of »d; ;
tirees Khoo'.a be particular to give both NE^N ;
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a |
prompt asd correct comrliance with the:r re-
«uest. i
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tltS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
rn!onpQuu»: Murray Hi!! Hotel: Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House. j
CHICAGO NEWS STAND?:
Bberman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Trcmont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNETSS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
ICETT TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAHLTON Herald Square
BCEnCESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco Call.
comer Market and Third streets : oi^n until
12 o'clock every nipht in the yoar.
BltANCH OFFICE?:
IOCS Markrt street, opposite Fifth; open until
31 p m
C27 Montgomery street, corner CUy: open until
8:30 p. m.
BOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3» McAllister strctt; < iwn until 9:"0 p. m.
• 15 Larkin str<i>ot; open until S»:3O p. m.
::M1 Mission street; np*n until 10 p. m.
Jf*'. Eleventh street: open until 'J p. m.
li"0G Valencia street : cj>en until 9 p. m.
Northeast corr.er Church and Duncan streets;
open until » p. m.
g2"Q Fillnvirc Hnvt: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIgQ grOTICES.
ASTLT'M Of Mission < 'onimandery. U. x
D.. K. T.. Man-mic Tempi.-, ccr. Post "^btTt 3
and Montgomery sts.— t'alled a*sem- Ifi
hly THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, *Y^
7:30 o'clock. Instruction and drill.
Fatic-ue uniform. Bj order of the Com-
n.andc:. JOHN K. HILLMAN. Reorder.
A STATED «?s?;nn of Tslr.m l£"*"*$?5*'^
IVrnj.Ie, UytUc thnne. will be ?i
h«ld at t'i Union-square ave. on v v
WEDNESDAY. November U, at A£»S\
7:30 o'clock p. in. / ,'f^
J. W. ANDERSON, Recorder. \J( JJ
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. M0. F. and ®
A. M.— Cail«i mating" THIS (TTES-VY
DAY* EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third />r\
•iepree. By orier of W M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. 4
M.. Masonic Temple— First dejrree'^y
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 /V\
o'clock Master Hmxobm cordially in-
vited. ' HENRY E. PENNELL, W. M.
A. S. HIBBARD. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. «
M. — Officer* and members ar« request- O\^
+4 to a'tend the funeral of WILLIAM
F. EMPEY. from the Masonic Terr,-
pie, THIS DAY. at half-past 1 o'clock. Mas-
ter Masons, relatives and friends are cor-
dially invited.
HENRY E. PENNKLL. W. M.
A. s. Hl'liHARP. Secretary.
SAN FRAXCISCO L-.dgo No. SCO, F. O
and A. M.. Mission Temple. 266s MiE-VY
•ion St.— Third degree THIS iTIES- /V\
DAY) EVENING." at "7:30 o'clock.
Vlj-'itinjr brethren cordially invited By order
of the W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Prosperity . \n
Lodge No. S('t. A. O. U.-W.— You areL*~£'i
nolined to attend th<> funeral of ourGvy^
late brother. JOHN McKEoWN. oa G-l "
WEDNESDAY. November 9 \9'H, at 12
o'clock, from his late residence. 410 Kliza-
beth st. J. H. BATES, M. W.
R. H. MrPHERPON. Recorder.
THE California pebris Commission, having
rt-ceived applications to min* by liydraulic
pr<v-*rs frcm J. McGrath. in Red Rock mine,
at Holland Flat. Sierra County. Cal.. draln-
lni Into Slate <"reek. which reaches Yuba
River. sr<l fr^m I'ouglas S. < 'one and
Charles L. Reynolds, in FmltrTs Blue Gravel
mine, near Onr>. b'hasta County. <"al., drain-
ing into Jerusalem Creek, whirh reaches
Facramento Riv#r. gives nc-tic* that a meet-
ing to receive any protests will be heH at
room 06. Flood building. Pan Francisco.
Ca.1.. Nov. 2'. 1SO4. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WASTED.
LADY ager.ts wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's fuppoFltoriey. 1312 Market St.. r. 316
ATTORBTETS-AT-I^.W.
A FRAUDULENT di^o7c«~ls~dear at $12 and
lc no rood; for 22 years I've made divorces
a epeclalty: quick: quiet: no money needed;
r.o pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collec-
tlcr.s made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Attorn»v-M.-La W# Exam. bldg..
6th floor: entrance rocin Gil: established 2*
years; all courts, cer.eral court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3(501.
AA— Divorce; cost f $12;e,uick. quiet -.advice free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evening*. »27 Market ft., room 3ni.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: no fees or
coets In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. £19 Market st.,r.33.
L. 6. CLARK. r»27 Market, room 3<>4: consulta-
tlon free: no fee* | n advance; open evenings.
ADOPTION.
A PRETTY baby girl for adoption. Dr Funke
tra.terr.ity villa. 3416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
AgTHMAJCUSE. . - .
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly-
10c. 2.V. 5t»c. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas 1
also Wlshart. If.th and Washington. Oekland.
_ ATJTOMOBH.ES.
WANTED— An automobile in good running or-
Or; reasonable price. Box 4CO4. Call office.
1904 WHITE touring car: used five months;
will r«-!l cheap. Apply 2C1S Laguna St. .. , .
HOARDING PQB CHTX.PaEir.
A mother's care to child. $10 mo.; nr. school
Mrs. M. Wallace.Fltchburg.Elmhurst.Ala.Co.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum ProcesTTised
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal -
carpets end rugs also cleaned by compressed
e!r at chop; prices moderate. P. F Coro-
rressed Air Clear.'.nr Co.. 308 Market st •
phones' Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you becoire Slwrusted with your work
tend for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing wcrks. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison 6t.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CON-KLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
MITCHELL'S. 24G Fourteenth et.— First-clan
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Butter »t.;
tel. Main S8J GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props
r.UDOLPH & CO.. vsrpet-beating works: prices
reawonaMe. 17c: Harrison gt.; tel. Mission 263.
CIiOTHIWP BEXTOVATX27G.
SUITE cleaned and pressed. $1 ; Ecourlng alid
ayeing. Bon Marcbe, Examiner bldg.. r. 4ti>:
Stoat Crurem 44. Caa for and dslirw trt*
I.ODGIITG-HOPSES FOB SALE — Con.
A— CAMERON &CO.', Phone South 1050.
- S.Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headqvart<rrs for Roomlrg- Houses, Hotels and
All. Kinds of Business Chances.
An UD.-to-dat» 'downtown house; rent only
$5 50 per room; -•» light and sunny rooms;
electric Hints and elevator; has 10S rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing $350
to $450 per month; make offer; owner must
leave city; only with us.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
rearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell
I on account of other business: only with us.
Model apartment-house 2 and 3 rooms each;
rent Is clu-ao: elegantly furnished; 6-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everything new
ami modern; you can get bargain account, of
sickness. "V
Well located house close in, with cheap rent:
two years' lease; furniture and carpets in
I first-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fine business proposition.
7-room modern flat; close/In; well furnished;
cost $000; a bargain If sold at once; $250.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
h"uee; slerantly furnished and" equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month: close in; full of nice people; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
• nershlp.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good leotie.
Have new. modern 82-room house: rent $375:
electric llehts, elavatcr, corner; everything
up-tr-date; owner will exchange for im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
21 rooma; cheap rent; very. central: «ood fur-
niture and carpets: clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house In
city; clearinc now $300 per month: every-
thing first. clavs condition: will trade for
Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley property or
ranch to California; must leave city.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good'earpets; must sell; price $400.
What do you think? 31-room apartment- house:
rent only $130; where you can clear $95 per
month; no work; this you can get for $1100;
wife at hospital.
16 rooms; rent $G5; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
60 rooms; new. modern building: elegantly fur-
nished: close in; full of first-class people:
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
- to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post St.: full nicest kind of
roomers; new and modern throughout: brings
In nice Income; furniture in oak. hirdseye
maple, velvet and axmlnster carpets; coat
fisoo to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $1200.
45 rooma. rent only $125; first-clans location;
well furnished and good running order: clear-
ing now over S200 per month: always full;
best buy In city; account of sickness; price
$1500.
3<) rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease: tlcwntown: fine, respectable,
money maklnsr house; part down; balance
reasonable Interest.
34 rooms; cheap' rent: thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchanse or. trade always on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A A— THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
FREE FREE FREE
If not correct.
His regular $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 H SI $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
BLANCHARD.
The eminent
Clairvoyant — Psychic — Mystic.
Tells your full name, what you called for,
whom' and when >you will marry, reads your
entire life from Infancy to old age.
He gives advice on business, love, court- '
ship, marriage and tells of your friends and
enemies: removes evil influences, reunites
the separated and causes speedy and happy
marriage to the one of your choice; cures
disease and lost vitality without medicine;
locates mines, buried treasure, old estates,
lost or stolon goods, absent friends.
HE SEES ALL. TELLS ALL.
400 GEARY ST., BETWEEN TAYLOR AND
MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS— 10 TO 8 P. M., DAILY AND SUN-
• DAY.
RICHARD MAYO,
The Man With Psychic Powers
Clairvoyant.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
litter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know.
Special This" Week a F"ull Life Reading
ONE DOLLAR.
Satisfaction Guaranteed or no Fee Accepted.
HE TELLS YOU
HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS.
Whether your prpsent business Investments
will be successful. Truthful revelations on
all love- -affairs; domestic difficulties. He
tells you everything, good or bad: you hear
the truth and nothing but the truth. He
restores lost affection, reunites the separated,
causes happy and speedy marriages.
Remember the name and address,
RICHARD MAYO,
421 A Kills st., near Jonea.
Hours — 10 a. m. to *> p. m. All business
confidential.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Exam-
iner • bldg. : she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them: valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you wlir succeed, to
be relieved of the matters that are troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading B« to LIVINGSTONE. 42S
Eddy st.; three separate reception parlors;
lady attendants: hours 10 a. m. to S p. m.
Permanently located at 2O'-a Kearny st.
after Wednesday.
MME. LANGE — Just returned: can give you
. advice In your trouble by her genuine Egyp-
tian sympathy, palmistry and spiritualism;
post esses the g?nulne magical magnetic mir-
ror and crystal reading, which shows the
correct picture of future wife or husband;
never falls; convince yourself: readings. 25o
and up; 10 to 8 d. rh.: also Sundays: cures
diseases by her strong sympathy. 46 7th st.
ISMAR. Egyptian Seeress. The., Vendome. 1104
Market Et.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes.
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTEIt. clairvoyant^ medium, born
with double veil and eecond sight: tells past, ,
present, future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $1: palm- '
ittry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,c.-.rd
reader: when others fail try meireadings £5c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.: tel. Larkin 4207.
1 ANDROE, the Greek wonder; never falls:
wonderful bodyless lady in window. 20S
. Ellis st.-.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr.and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50e;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MRS. BURR (formerly Mme. Anthony), me-
. dlum and llf* reader, 32 Rltch st.; ladies 25c,
gentlemen 50c.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
.names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis el., near Market.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 612 Jessie st.
MlSiS WARD.- clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts. The Vendome. 1104 Market, r. 24.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card , reading, tea
leaves: 25c up. 612^ Eddy st.: no sign.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
. returned: sittings daily. 108 6th st.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune^
• teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
THIS ad and 50c entitles you to life reading
at 125 Sixth at. ¦
w u j^IBITTTAIilSM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNET. bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait Hous*.
TEST to-night, 10c: clairvoyant readings. 25c;
horoscopes cast. Mme.- Eilersflcken, 142 6th.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, life read-
er; clr. evgs., 10c; read, dally. 836 Mission.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c;
rcadli'ga daily; come skeptics. 613 McAllister.
."'-'' ¦".'' TXmJLTS TO JTaST.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense. Bit"
servlre absolutely free; take advantage, of
this department; it will save you time ant
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-53 Geary
St.. cc the square.
LARKIN. l!).'!t), 19T.C. 1944. n*ar "Broadway—
New modern fiats. 7 anU 3 rooms; rents re-
duced to *H>, $35. $.J7 50.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; Mission
warm belt. 3435 Twentieth St.. bet. Howard
and Capp.
LYON. 501 — Sunny upper corner flat of 41
rooms and bath; reasonable to responsible
party.
CASTRO. 67-".. near Twentieth — Sunny flat; ft
rooms, stable, basement; rent reasonable.
FLAT of three clean, sunny rooms; rent $"i.
1S3J» Mission st.. near Fourteenth.
FOLSOM. 207S— Sun all day; 5 rooms, bath:
two mantels; suitable young couple; $24.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Can
on LYON &. HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
NICE clean rlat. 6 rooms, bath: rant reason-
able. 1911 McAllister St.. near Lyons.
$19 — FLAT S sunny rooms and bath. 2367
Twenty- fourth st.
$27 50— NEW Park fiat. 6 sunny roons. on
car line. 223 Parnassus ave., near Stanyan.
?LATS TO I.XT — yTJRJglMUXP.
PINE, 27S6 — Handsomely furnished parlor, flat
3 large r. ; yard; also 5 r. and b. ; tunny
bay window; furnished housekeeping.
FURNISHED flat; bay-windows; garden; baUi:
gas range; laundry. 434 Bartlett it, 2
to 5 c m.
A 7-ROOM furnished flat with 3 boarders as-
sured. Box 4732. Call of flea.
rURITITXTBE WAITTED.
aBE lev £ ~~™
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estlmata.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1636 Market: phona Jasala 2334L
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission St.. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 446X
FUItxuli'O^tE FOB SAXE.
OFFICE furniture for sale, cheap — Contents of
three offices, consisting cf typewriting desk.
Remington machine, three tables, book-
cases, mint: cabinet and chain, all in usa
less than one year and in first-class roni:-
tlon. Call at 421-423 Montgomery st.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, ate 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 813
FURNITURE — Must sell as a whola or la
parts. 459 A Tenth ave.. Richmond District.
raSTAJTCIAIi.
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BOND*
Secured by the best of Income buslaee* prop*
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest.
, . Send for ProiptetM.
REALTT BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (ETCJ
1172 Broadway. Ccr. 14ta St..
Oakland.
, ___ -
THE REALTT STNIMCATE.
Capital paid In $4,600,000 Crt
Surplus 940.001 M
Six per cent
Investment CertlflcatM
Offlc* — No. 14 Sansoms strecte '
San Francisco. CaL
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate cer-
tificates MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents: stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; adrtce free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crosaley bdg.
HELP WAJTTSP— ¦ XEMCAjMS.
COOK for Institution ...$63
Cook, no washing. San Jose $35
Laundress, country, see lady here 10 o'clock
$30
Cook and second girl, same house.. $30. $25
2 cooks. German families $30
3 second girls, city, Sausallto $25
Housework. Alameda ......... $3O
Nurse for Institution $35
' Cleaning woman, children's home... . .. . .$20
Chambermaid and waiting, country hotel. $25
2 waJUM— H country hotels, fare paid... $20
Kitchen helper. Institution, country $23
Woman with a child, country ,..$15
Second girl, assist with children $20
Man and wife for dairy $50
And R5 general housework girls, city aad
country. $2O, S25. $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter at.
A WAITRESS. $30: second girl. Napa. 23. ••«
party here 10 o'clock; cook. $33; 2 second
girls. $25 each; cook and second girl same
house. $25 each; a woman as housekeeper.
$15. and a number of girls for housework.
$-30 and $25. MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdxesatng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: tuition $5 to those entering sow;
three positions to fill Immediately; position*
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season: both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5;' positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled lm-
medlately. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing
manicuring, electric massage, etc.: six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recomized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes: all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
LADIES, we will teach barber trade free to «
more ladles and pay them $10 each for first 9
weeks: call or writa. JNO. A. MOLER'S
Barber College (correct number). 644 Clay st.
LADIES and girls to learn millinery. $1 3rt
per month: class opens Thursday at 2 p. ra •
bring your own material S. F. GlrU'' and
W. E. and I. Union. 749 Bush st.
WANTED— A German or Scandinavian girl fo?
general housework In American family of 2-
wages $20. Apply between 11 and 2 o'clock
at 2215 Callforn!a st.
WANTED — A woman to take care of tady and
two children: *2O month. 113 Second st.
WANTED— Every girl who suffers from in-
digestlon to try CHICLETS.
GIRL to assist in housework; small family
1413B Mason st.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman to do g«n-
eral housework. .Apply 113 Tenth st. ¦•- -,.,
WANTED— An experienced business woman
and organizer; good salary. HOOVER l$si
Fillmore st. --—:.,
GIRL for housework and cooking. Call bet-
9 and 12. 2425 Fillmore st.
PANTS finishers and good sewers with some
experience on pants. 245 Seventh st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WOMAN accrstomed to handling country
: trade. Box 4474. Call office.
OPERATORS and hutton-hole maker; work by
power. 1623 Mission st.
WANTED— Operators and finishers on nants"
good wages. 1142 Howard st.
A HOUSEKEEPER wanted; good home: srnai;
pay. Box 47S2. Call.
LAME3 for steady home employment: $* tr>
$12 weekly. Emma Spre;kels bids.. 927 Mar-
ket St., room 618.
help
AT HORD & SMITHS.
Contractors' Agents. 95 "Third st.
Young man &3 dishwasher an.l waiter bak-
ery. Oakland. *« week and found.
Expnienced young man for flower store, city.
$12 to $15.
Tt-amsters. $2, railroad work, near' city;
.'-aborers. $' 7.".: free fare.
Man to hardle tea and coffee: big induce-
niei'.t.'.
Nev i ia— Teamsters ami laborers $2 5t>.
Amad^ir County — Teamsters. $2.
WANTED— A first-class clothing salesman;
none other need apply. S. N. WOOD a> CO..
710 Market su •
MAY BE HAD FOR
THE ASKINGTHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. l!)04.
13
MATTRESSES^ AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
pioctss): excellent carpet cleaning. IIOPKE
BliOS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 210.
_^__ MEDICAL. r
IF thsre is any woman who Is suffering from
any of the ailments peculiar to her sex I can
effer her immediate relief. I have devoted
my entire life to this work. I NEVER
FAIL. "I ask fair fees, and I GUARANTEE
results in each case. If you have been dis-
appointed come to me. Perfect satisfaction
is then insured. I am the oldest graduate
specialist In the city giving attention exclu-
sively to ladies' troubles.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooma 7 and 8
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WF.STON. office, 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male fuubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complclnts and Irregularities; Instant relief
gusranteed; 30 years' experience.* 944 Post st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
Ince and (ablets; price $5. By express only
on rec«lrjt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
cialist,, has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience In female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fall see the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor St.. near Geary.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market at.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never fails;
$2. tileason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom at., corner
2«th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
_ MINES AMD MINING.
FINE opportunity to party who will furnish
$1500; gilt-edge mining property. 4784, Call.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS— POB SALS.
1 40 H. P. firebox boiler; complete; new. .
1 Worthlngton compound pump, 500 gal. mln.
1 Worthlngton pump, 6x4x6.
1 Worthington oil plant: complete.
1 dishwashing machine; complete.
1 10 H. P. G. E. motor; new.
1 Lane planer, 27x12.
1 30-ln. extractor.
1 20-ln. extractor.
1 15 H. P. engine: complete. '
1 lot of laundry machinery.
WM. SPECK. 421 Market st., room 37.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. E. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery.' McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR. ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; • best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR t.ale — New and second-hand, billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures: cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. C52 Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
. wedding rings' for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.-
PIANO. good, .sweet-toned upright, $60; no fair
offer refused. Address, or call during day-
time. MAJOR REID. 273 Natoma st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12, upstairs.
STOVES disconnected and connected; $2 50;
plumblng,gasfltng\409 McAlllster;tel.Mlnt 3056
FOR sale— Llewellyn setter dog 10 months old.
Address box 4538, Call office.
FOR sale — 13x19 Gordon press; in good con-
dition. 635 Merchant St.
$450 — SEALSKIN coat; will sell reasonable
STEIN, 1054 Howard st.
THOROUGHBRED dachshund pups. 5 Jurl
St., off San Jose ave., near Guerrero ot.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter pups. 1114
Vermont st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st.
Wallpaper. 3%c; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merlgan.1302 Webster;tel.Stelner 3C71.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers, includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SK-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third :tel.Maln 413.
DKSKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. »307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont Bt.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good second hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. H22 Folsom; tel. Folsom 8522.
AAA AA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel Davis 825. GSO Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., room 405, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
SECOND hand upright piano In good order;
no dealers; state price. Box 44S6, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
' theatrical goo£«. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 3916.
Levy & Ridler, highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.*
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Mucsard — Small upright, fine ordff.
Fischer — Fine order, . very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case," perfect order.
Weber— Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 10 O'Farrell st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month: one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
INVESTIGATE our new rent or purchase plan;
$2 50 per month up. 237 Geary st.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st. ¦
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. .237 Geary st.
fiOHMER. Byron Mauty pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
TYPEWBIIEBS AW) SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. v lio.~i
Smith Premier, $25; other, typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50." The
Typewriter Exchange, KJ6 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters I sold, rented, repaired.
. Webster Typewriting Inspec." Co., 508 Market ,
' MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANYMInc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
... INTEREST 5V- AND 0 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
; PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans., stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Bulte 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5024.
AAA— HEHMAN~MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments!
I Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc'; legacies, life estates\and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN.
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d '(
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Mcney loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake.- 453, Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security: any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market; tel. Mala 1G44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mar-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries,' insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton at.,
near Market. '
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton «t..
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 623 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St., rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan St
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg; phone Main 3214.-
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamondsand Jewelryat 2per eent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL, 009 Examiner budding.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
*6 r*re« in wrapper, for matllnr. $1 per rear.
PHYSICIANS AND SUKGEONS.
DlT C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
3021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th, particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. ' skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all. diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
' en te<i at 667 Geary Ft., n»ar Leavenwortb.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods; 1. week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 2O4 Sutter.
PAPERHANGIHG, PAINTINO. ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 1007 McAllister St.; tel. .Fell 2403.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented! F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PUBCHASINQ ACrEnCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln St.. room 49; tel. South 319.
PBOPO3ALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., October 25, 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. November
9, 1904, and then opened for comDletlng cer-
tain items of construction, plumbing, heat-
Ing and ga;fltting In new brick hospital at
Fort McDowell. California, In accordance
with plans and specifications. Government
reserves the right t° reject or accept any or
all bids In whole or In part. Information
furnished on application to WM. S. PATTEN,
Assistant Quartermaster General, Chief Quar-
termaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. November 7. 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.,' November
17. 1004. and then opened for constructing
sea wall and repairing concrete walks In-
cluding necessary grading, at Fort Mason,
California. Government reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all blda In whole
• or in part. Information furnished on appli-
cation to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quar-
termaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
UNITED STATES Engineer's Office, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 8, 100J.
Sealed proposals for dredging In Napa River,
Cal., will be received here until 12 noon,
. December 8.' 1804. t Information on appllca-
tlon. W. H. HEUER. Col. Engrs. ¦
PERSONALS.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tlngs. bagglness of eyes or any blemish ot
the face, Mme. Olllingham Invites you to
call and Investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other In this
city: demonstrator can be *een daily. 143
Stockton St.; write for booklet.
M. ELLA HARRIS. French' liquid powder;
gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture ot alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will net rub off; send
' enly $1 and test it for yourself. M. Ella Har-
ris, chemist and skin specialist, 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth. stops falllng.curea dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or xtlcklnest;
cleanses scalp; at druggists*', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
.rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured volelv
. by ROWELL &. BROWN. 40 Turk.st.. .8. . F.
INFORMATION wanted as» to whereabouts of
SAMUEL DUPRE, palmist; sometimes works
at . barber trade. Kindly Inform' Madame
ClRrvolna, 727& K St., .Sacramento, Cal.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats -
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' Londou
Tailor. 721 Slarket st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down, and $150 per week. T. BRILLIANT
.FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell f]
JOHN H.-LECKIE3 wishes the address of his
brother James, or hla wife. 027 Mission Bt.
A CHICLET is Just exactly what you want
when you ride a bike. *
Electrolysis massage - parlors, 319-320 Starr
King bldg., 121 Geary st. Mrs. Holshouser.
Expert furniture repairlng.polishlng; upholster-
lng; carp.lay'g. Towey's.370Fel!.PhonePagel4R8.
H. ANDERSON. 26 O'Farrell St.— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer. :
MRS. DR. GWYER, 611A Leavenworth St.. b«:
tween Geary and O'Farrell. ,,Tel. East 697.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market sL
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14.75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EASY Installments for- Men and Youths. Suits
.to Order.- Co-operative Tailoring, 1117. Mkt.
$la week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
¦ Market- st.;- bet.*.. Seventh- and Eighth. ¦".-¦'
BARGAINS In >fine 'diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.-: :
ONE i dollar; weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
BEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
City Agents for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Send us your name and we will forward
you, without any cost to you, our booklet.
"Buyer and Seller," containing a complete
list of choice real estate holdings for sale.
$15,000— RENTS $1500 PER YEAR.
Splendid business holding; vicinity of McAllis-
ter and i lough sts.: large frontage; gubstan-
tlal frame building, containing stores and
two flats above; see this at once.
Exceptional home lota.
Swell frontares.
No flats allowed.
Unsurpassed neighborhood.'
Fronting the "Home Residence Park
Now being laid out.
$150. CCO to be expended.
Two fine corner lots.
Five crackerjack inaide lets.
Corners, 60 feet by 100.
Six elegant new flats of 4 rooms each.
•very room light and sunny, at a bargain:
within 6 minutes of Kearny and Market sts.:
close to 6th St.; price reduced to $SOCO; rents
low at $81 per month; cost $9300 a few
months ago; 3 ft brick foundation; modern
sanitary plumbing; cement sidewalk; patent
water closets, etc.; high basement; with
small expense could be made In two flats.
$7000; price reduced; must be sold for ab-
sent owner: splendid lot for a residence; 50x
127:8%; Jackson st., near Central ave.: s-e
this for a fin* building site; $4000 mortgage
can remain.
Just listed— Fin* residence of 8 rooms,
j bath; furnace, hardwood floors, beam cell-
ing; lot has 124 feet frontage; high, sightly
elevation; splendid view; Stanyan street;
price $8000.
Two nice Uttle flats, each of 4 rooms. rent-
Ing for $24 per month; lot 26x114; located on
2Cth it., Vi block from the Castro-st. cart;
O. K. flrst-claus small Investment.
New 2-story modern residence, containing
9 rooms, bath; brick foundation: stone steps;
price $6500; Fell st.. near FiUmore-st. cars.
¦¦¦ i"..;'-' "¦¦¦• \\
NE. business corner; Devlsadero and O'Far-
rell; extra fins frontage and depth: 37:6x100;
new building would pay handsomely on this
site; present frame Improvements of no great
value: rents' $50.
Bunset and Richmond Districts.
We have a splendid Hat of houses, cottages
and flats, besides our list of building lots,
that can be purchased on easy monthly pay-
ments, only requiring a small first pay-
ment down. Call at our branch office, cor-
ner of H st. and 7th ave., and be shown
around; horse and phaeton at your disposal.
Office open Sundays. Lots from $100 up. See
us before buying elsewhere.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post St^
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract:
level as a billiard table; on grade; close to
fine school and .Mlnslon-st. electric cars;
bound to double In value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocean Boulevard; best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE,
28 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$4500— «- ROOM house; 2 lots; 409 Fair Oaks.
$3400— $500 down; new house, 8 r. and b.;
Preclta "ave.
$lC00— $400 down; new cottage. 4 r. and b.;
I SOS China ave.
J1300 — Cottage. 8 r. and b. ; on Folsom st.
terms. D. COFFIN, 2528 Mission, nr. 21st.
FOR sale — Elegant new homes; grand vi»w;
improved neighborhood: houses are- extra
well built and up to date In every detail:,
open for Inspection every day. 853 to 857
Clayton st., 3 blocks south of Haight.
FOR sale — 3 colonial houses, 6 rooms, bath
and basement; beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: east side of Tenth ave.. near
I St., Sunset. Hallelt tt Gee, on premises.
$1400— TERMS If desired; 36-foot front; block
of l&th and Valencia; street work complete.
The Dolaa Co.. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $2000 HOME built to wit you. le« included,
any location, on $1 23 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crosley bid.
$3000— ELEGANT home, 6 rooms and bath;
. fine location; easy terms. Apply 3310 Mission.
FOR sale, cheap, 5-room cottage, bath. 1302
Sanchez st., to-day.
MODERN bathrooms fitted up; estimates.
Ahlbach & Mayer. Plumbers. 830 Howard st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. . opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 v. m.
STOP DRINKING.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form
mailed In plain package; has cured thou-
eands. L.'L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVEKTS'M'Ta
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$3000 will buy 110 feet frontage on Vernon
Heights, near Senator Perkins' ; commanding
fine view; street work done; a chance for
builders or speculators.
$1COO — Lot 50x129; on 22d St., near Grove;
very central. «
$15CC — Beautiful residence lot on corner of
Filbert and 16th sts.; high terrace; elegant
surroundings; 33:2x100.
$1750— Choice lot on Orange St.. Oakland
Heights: 50x125; fine view; beautiful houses
all around.
$850 will buy a 50-foot lot on 33d st., near
Went: srab It quick.
ilHZC — Extra choice sunny terraced lot on
Mvrtle St.. near 14th; 32x100.
BEi.DEN. < REAL ESTATE. 112 Broadway.
Oakland.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTT.
We have b»en exclusively authorised to sell
on fi.-y terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acuutrcd by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage. ,',
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you want
a bargain call or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
10f>2 Broadway.
$1000 CASH, balance $20 . monthly; 6-room !
Eastluke. lVi-stary cottage; seme young fruit
trees, good well of Al water, also city
water; « lots fenced: 100x2i>O; two front-
ages: deet). nandy, loam soil: away from
fog» and cold winds; over 200 homes gone
up lu three years: near street cars and two
fine school houses; an Ideal site for a home;
call and see It: you will see a delightful
spot. Call or send for circular. 433 Seventh
Ht opp. Broadway station, Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES. _
$2500 — 0-ROOM house, close to center of city;
nice neighborhood ; bank sale for mortgage.
$175C — o-room house; let S5xl20; well and
windmill; near Key Route on 34th st.
$ir?CO— 0- rooms and bath: street work all
done; 1 block to Key Route station.
10 rooms and bath; lot 50x100; Key Route,
near Grove «U
; i - C , E. REED, 468 Eleventh st.
. Phone Red eSSl.
'NEW house of 6 rooms and basement; handy
to university and cars; built for a home; will
sell houso at cost and lot below market value;
term* A. L. GREEN, owner. 1458 Broad-
way. Oakland.
HAKGA1N— Beautiful 7-r. home in Piedmont;
fine neighborhood: ~ good location: near . car
line; will sell cheap: must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 673 36th St.
HOUSE. 7 rooms and, bath, high " basement. 1
block from S. P. and 4 - blocks from Key
route; lot 53xl3T). 006 Sixty-first st.
OAKLAND FUBSTZSgEP HOUSES.
GROVE, 1417 — Beautiful home; S room* and
bath; entirely modern; splendidly fur.; piano;
. fine location;, adults; call before 3 p. m.
TO-MORROW the day for. bargains tn furni-
ture. H. Scbelbaaa, 11th et..cor.store.Oakland
FZRSOZrALS-~Contlnned.
"R— E— X— R— A— D— I>-O* S* '
_j B-U-L-LjE-T-I-X.
PUBLIC "FREE HEALING"~before audience
TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. (Office hours 2 to 7.)
RADIUM HALL, 783^ Market and 1 Fourth
(corner Market and Fourth.) _____
"NON-MEDICAL" humanized Radium power ia
(solely) used In Rexradlo's treatments; no
medicine, no medical Instruments used.
"NAMES" and testimonials of patients al-
luded to BELOW shown at offices.
"DEAF MUTES"— Several k recently made to
hear and SPEAK what they heard. Numer-
*ous witnesses, one being Mr. Butler, well-
known S. F. CHRONICLE representative.
"TOTAL DEAFNESS" Rexradlo finds to be a
mere BAGATELLE; nearly every case ."be-
gins" to hear "whispered" words after 3 sec-
onds' treatment. (Deaf .mutes the same.)
"OSSIFIED >r LADY7 Mr^KnowiesTlm Bart-
lett. by (one) treatment had her locked AN-
CHYLOSED Joints made freely "movable"
several weeks ago; no "relapse," but still
¦ further progress to date.
"BUNDXESS" eeemed Imminent; within 3
u&ye Rexradlo restored good sight.
"LEAPING" CRIPPLE; paralysis; dragged
foot, limb nearly "powerless"; 10 second*'
treatment and I LEAPED before audience."
"LONG DISTANCE^ HEARING. My ear to-
tally deaf from childhood; by 1 treatment
heard (whisper) af 70 feet."
"FEMALE WEAKNESS"— My trouble wa»
quickly removed by Rexradlo.
"•CANCER" disappeared In one hour after
Rexradlo's (one) treatment.
"UP IN THE AIR" In elevator with man
having "crooked" arm. Couldn't straighten
It. Rexradlo was there, too, and by "mo-
ment's" touch straightened It before descend-
ing elevator stopped. Editor of TOWN TALK
was pre!«ent. Witnessed by me — WILLIAM
ORMSBY.
"BEDRIDDEN"— I saw Rexradlo treat man
for years "helpless" In bed. had to be
"lifted" in and out of bed: Instantly rose
(unaided) from bed. Other similar cases.
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment straightened
1 my "bent" limb (rheumatism).
"TYPHOID FEVER" overcome by only two
treatments; no RELAPSE.— Knott. 112 Fell.
"LOCO'dOTOR* ATAXIA"— Couldn't stand un-
supptrted; 1 treatment Tuesday and Instant-
ly stood, walked "unsupported." - >..J '~
"ANCHYLOSIS" of knee; couldn't straighten
leg or move knee; did both Instantly. ,-.*,,
"HE SEES" objects (outlines) at 80 feet;
eyes "blind" 7 years (I treatment Tuesday).
"REXRADIO'S" 1 treatment entirely removed
my "dropsy" and straightened limb.
"SUICIDE" avoided; protracted disease ren-
dered life a burden; orten thought of sui-
cide, after spending largely, vainly, for re-
lief; then Rexradlo made quick, complete
cure, months ago; no RELAPSE. .-.- ;',¦¦
"REXRADIO'.' rescued me quickly from the
fiery purgatory of "neuralgia." ¦ :¦'¦•
"ANCHYLOSIS of Joints, knees, ankles, hips,
toes, fingers, wrists, elbows, shoulders, neck,
etc., which others deem 'Incurable,' have
often yielded to Rexradlo' s very nrst treat-
ment.' " Testimonials shown.
"PAINS" Of all kinds (neuralgia, sciatica,
rheumatism, gout etc.) usually have been
expelled by Rexradio's "first" treatment.
Proofs — Numerous testimonials. --~-yv
"RESURRECTION" excepted. BROKER, one
of our leading citizens, recently (publicly)
said: "I have seen Rexradio do nearly in-
credible healing wonders -In my office. I
verily believe he can do almost anything but
RAISE THE DEAD. I am ready to put up
my money on it" ' ¦'¦'<•¦--
"$1000 FORFEIT' if above digests w cases are
not "genuine." Stacks of testimonials.
"NOTE THIS" — Names of all above patients
given at offices to persons similarly afflicted;
we object to "publication" of their, names.
Above "digests" of cases refer to results of
"first" treatment, which benefits usually be-
come, perfect and permanent after a few
"further" treatments.. ,
"REXRADIO" can and does DO ALL HE
CLAIMS TO DO. HE FEARLESSLY CHAL-
LENGES COURTEOUS (CRUCIAL) INVES-
TIGATION. .
"CONSULTATION" given free. TERMS for
treatment to suit circumstances.
"PUBLIC HEALING" before audiences free to
poor TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. Rexradlo also
publicly gives every one in audience deelrlng
it a "sample" of his peculiar healingr power.
Bring your paralytics, mutes, etc. (worst
cases). Come early to avoid crowding. RA-
DIUM HALtL. 783^ Market st. and 1 Fourth
(corner Market and Fourth).
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. . 2122 Flllmore st. ; phone Geary 2033.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary,r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor.Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN 4: CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color ;$1 at all druggists'.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE balance nf our shopworn sewing machines
will be closed out this week at about one-
third usual prices; this is the chance of a
lifetime to buy the best machine on earth
at little i.rlce. White Sawing Machine Co.,
new retail office 915 Market st.
ALL manes ; 2d hand. $2, $5. $7, $9; new. $1.$*;
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Q_t "5 Sixth at.; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5. $8; slightly
use* $10. $15. $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kind? bougHt. sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1015 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Tfi rages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furnitureT
household goods stored, moved, shlped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Crnnt 1C1.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.:
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co." of-
flee Post and Powell sU. ; tfl. Prl. Ex. jTI.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 120.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phrne Jackson, 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Mont-omerv
Et. : tel. Main 1R4O. Shipping at\c« rate*.
CHEAPEST and bent in America— The Week'.y
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address In tft«
United States or Canada one year for $1, -
SEAIi ESTATE— •OOTTSTBY-ror <*a.ld. :
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
¦153 acres, Napa Co.; CO acres in cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place; gentleman's home. '
KHADBURNE. 400 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send : postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
048 Market st. x
FOR sale — From 10 to 50 acres In vineyard: 1
near Mulr station, Santa Fe Railroad. Ad-
dress E. B.. 507 Sixth St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In ''America— The Weekly |
Call, ,1(5 pages, sent to any address In the,
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. . ' ;
: SAW MATEO_BEAL ESTATE.^
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electm '
cars, 43 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
'the S. P. Co.'a bay shore "cutoff" will Join
the . main line: 50- foot lots from $400 up.
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes In front of every lot; -pur*
artesian well water; 173 lots . sold slncd
August 1: an exceptional opportunity to »e-
- cure K lot In this desirable section; tak« th»
: electric cars 'and get off at ."LOMITA
PARK" and Investigate; maps cent on ap-
plication. ¦ - '
. . fcELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel.' Main 673. lift California «t.
BEAL ESTATE '. TO • EXCHANGE.
CLEAR -Oakland. Berkeley or S.'K. property
- -for ranches- J. H. EUSON, J4-.3 ¦ Bacon
.block.- 'Oakland. ¦ » ¦• ¦"
' TABMS AMD BAHCHES TO LEASE.
IMPROVED ranch, near Oakland, for dairy "or
vegetables.- Owner, :117« East Fourteenth st.,
Oakland.'/
BERKELEY ADVEKT'S'STS
BERKELEY HEAL JM'fATIt. n
— $35OO—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st. Berkeley: '
rocms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modem;
sunay exposure: fine view; easy terms ot
payment if desired: no trouble to show proo-
REALTT BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (lac*.
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st..
Oakland.
__'
A SNAP!
New 2- story. 6-room house: within one block
of station. 2 blccks of cars; lot 40x113; street
work complete: price $3uC0; $400 cash, balance-
$1? CO per month; le«3 than rent.
MORAN & SWAIN. Berkeley Station.
— NEW. modern. 7-room house; l."V min-
utes from North Berkeley »tation; Jjlgh
ground: rln« view. R. A. BERRY A CO..
Pfstoff.ce block. B-?rkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERrs'TS
rBUITVALE BEAL ESTATE.
OFFICE OPEN SUNDAYS.
M. C. GIBSON, 1326 FRUITVALE AVE..
NEAR EAST FOURTEENTH 3T.
PHONE VALE 200.
OFFICE OPEN EVENINO. 3
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3730; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x130. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third a»«..
East Oakland. .
Sail Francisco Advertisem'ts
BOOMS FOB HOUSXEEPrKO.^
BRYANT. 444 — Two sunny rooma for house-
keeping: one single for lady.
EDDY. 1706 — Sunny rocms, completely fur-
nished; gas. bath; yard.
EIGHTH. 112 — 3 unfurnished rooms: kitchen:
furnished complete If desired: rent cheap.
FRANKLIN, 151S— Sunny front newly fur.
rooms: housekeeping; bath, phone; $20; r«f.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— Pleasant,
sunny housekeeping rooms for two; exclusive ;
kitchen; reasonable.
HbWARD. 719% — Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; respectable: no trans.; adults.
HOWARD, S2I! — 2 suites housekeeping rooms:
also single; gas and coal stoves.
JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny front parlor; house-
keeping: gas range; tinet $3 75 week.
JONES. 207 — Sunny housekeeping rooms. $10 to
$12 per wek.
KEARNT. 104^ — Three- unfurnished rooms; bay-
window front; sunny; $20; alult«; references.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loe.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny furnished 3- rocm suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; frea baths; rates reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH] 1011. near Green — Frv»
sunny furnish?. I housekeeping rooms and
bath; rhone; fine marine view.
MARKET. 1735—2 rooms completely furnished
for housekeeping; rent $12. *
MISSION, 561. near Second — Bedroom and
kitchen, completely furnished for hkpg.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
OXE unfurnished reora for housekeeping, also
one partly furnished; must be pleasant,
cheap; give price. Box 4494. Call office.
PINE. 827. near Powell — 3 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms: gas range: rent raas.
PINE. l>23 — 2 newly furnished front housekeep.
ing rooms; reasonable.
POLK. 338. cor. McAllister — Largs sunny
front room and small cooking place; light
housekeeping; call after 3 p. m.
POST. 905 — Largs, convenient housekeeping
room; gas range; $9 50.
SACRAMENTO, 1490— Large sunnv fnrnlshedi
front housekeeping suites,' $15-$23 month;
running water.
SANCHEZ. 509. near Eighteenth — Large, sun-
ny bay-window sitting-room, alcove bedroom,
kitchen; reasonable.
SCOTT. 300. NE. Page — 2 extra sunny rooms,
newly furnished for housekpg; reasonable.
SECOND. 231 — Two sunny corner, front house-
keeping rooms, single or connected, with coal
stove and cas stove. •
TAYLOR. 911 — Furnished suite, gas ranga.
$12; 2 attic rooms, ga.i range. $9; 1 room, $7.
VAN NESS. 232 — Nicely furnished sunny front
bay-window corner; separate kitchen; house-
keeping; $1S; adults.
WALLER. 71 — A *unny stxlte of rooms in new
house, furn. complete. $16; phon* Page 7B31.
AFABTMEITT HOUSES.
ET. LOUIS. 1373 Jackson — Marine Tl«w; ¦¦«-•
rooms: fern, or onfur.: refs. TtL East 133a
BOOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfura.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane— New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 SO week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK Bouse, 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per waek aad
light housekeeping rooms; op«n al] night.
AT •Tb« Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth gt.)— Rooms. 23c. 30c. $1. $1 SO Bight:
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BEAVER. 12 — Furnished rooms, slngl* or ea
suite; on* block from Castro-st. car.
CAPP. 816 — Nicely furnished rooms; prtrat*
family. .
GEARY. 1143 — 4 sunny rooms, single or en
suite; newly and attractively furnished; all
conveniences: private family; central; raaa.
BRYANT, 319 — 4 unfurnished rooma; sunny]
rear; and yard; rent $9.
BELMOND house; over Owl drag store: t en-
trances, 1126 Market and 31 Turk, — EI«ctrio
lights: running water In every room; 209
rooms; 23c to 50c per night: $1 23 to $3 w««k.
BUSH. 1233 — Rooms for on* or two; private
family: bath. ' • „
EDDY, 110 (The Launston) — N«wty fumish»ii
rooms; best transient house la city; 90a, *l.
EDDY. 432— Nicely, furnished room*, with all
conveniences: choice location: reasonable.
ELLIS, 1436 — Choice cosy corner rooms, wlt4
or without board; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 939 — Unfurnished rooms;
. large alcove front room facing Jefferson
Park; bay window.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 10C3— Nlcs sunny rooms
to let; near Jefferson Park.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33<t
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $9 wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON.. 405. cor. Fremont — House nawty
furnished; nice, sunny rooms; hoosekseplnff
¦> rooms; electric light and gas.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooma at Yam
rates; 2Tc to $1 day and $1 23 to $3 w—k.
JONES, 207. — Sunny front " and back stngl*
rooms, from $2 to $3 per wk.
LAGUNA. 910 — Handsome parlor suit* tor
couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen; furn. or unrara.
LARK IN*. S04 — Sunny back room, 1 or 3 geata,
«i! 50; single, with stov, $3.
LIBERTY. 604, nr. Castro— Mod., sun, unfur.
parlors; 4 con. ran.; adults; r»f. : warm belt.
LILT ave.. 134 — Nicely furnished room; prl vat »
family; gas; phone; reasonable.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sonny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week: baths: elevator.
McALLISTER. 3-TO — Newly furnished tunny
• back parlor; phone, gas and bath; horn*
comforts. . «
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 123 Third st. — 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 5O per day,
$2 to $» per week: the only new and modern '
" ' botel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives frea baths aad •la-
va tor servico day and night to Its gue*ta.
NATOMA. 4S0H— 2 connecting rooms) (or 1 •»
3 men; private; gas; batiu
|
A— MURRAY & READY. «534-63« Clay st.
Phon? Ma'n 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
I 'unifJi languages.
1SM3 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
00.000 Men Work. Increase 60.000.
Coal Mirers. Free Fare. Coal Miners.
Oregon State. Oregon. State Oregon.
10 .-
Coal miners for a gocd mine: big wages.
Ship to-day. Fare refunded. Ship to-day.
WASHINGTON.
29
Coaj miners for State of Washington, $3 to
GOLD AND COPPER MINES. SILVER
MINES. MINES.
« hand miners, good quartz mines, $32 50.
4 miners. g<fl>1 mine. $90.
CONCENTRATOR MAN.
Concentrator man. poc<l geld mine. $75.
GOVKRNMENT WORK.
NEVADA. STATE NEVADA.
$1 FEE. SHIP TO-DAY. $1 FEE.
20 teamsters, 2 en<J 4 horses, $75.
20 laborers, no experience needed, $75.
• SPECIAL!
NEW WORK.
15 teamsters for new work in center of min-
ing district. $60; fare $1 90: ship to-night.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
I : MISCELLANEOUS.
! MECHANICAL.
3 hardwood carpenters, $3 75 day; 4 carpen-
ters. $3 50 day; blacksmith, country, $60 and
found; 3 bench hand*. $!>0; machine hand,
planing mill. $3 50.
HOTEL HELP.
5 cooks. 4 waiters. 7 kitchen hands and dlsh-
m-ashers. butchers, bakers.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
27 farm hands; 6 milkers; 9 choremen; 7
choreboys, city and country.
6 stablemen.
FOR A BIG RANCH.
• 10 plow teamsters, good ranch, all winter's
" Job, $40 and found.
SPECIALS.
Carpenter, finisher, city. $4 day; tailor, coun-
try shop: 4 young man. factory, city: book-
keeper and stenographer, country: butcher,
country shep; working foreman, ranch, couth,
$35 to $40 and found.
FOREMEN.
Fpreman, carpenter, to run gang of 15 men
on concrete form work, eee boss here.
I ' WALKING BOSS.
I "Walking boss for construction gang, $65 fd.
' THESE ARE GOOD.
! MINERS.
4 miners, Nevada. 6 hours. $3 50 to $4.
Milker and wife, near city, $50 and found.
Butcher, country shop $30 and found.
CARPENTERS.
10 carpenters for * large company, 75c fare,
$90.
Night watchman and fireman, $25 and found.
Cook for country Institution. $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 6.<4~636 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION att>.. n.A.BuIUs. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
Price. 563 Mifsion gt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
A — 30 HEAD of work and driving horses, 8
lar^e mares, 1 fast pacer, 2 saddle horses,
harness, wagons and buggies; must be sold;
will exchange. Corner Fifteenth and Shot-
well sts.. near Folsom.
TEAM of Jet black horses, 17 hands. 5 years
old, weight '250 apiece, price $700; broken
single or doubl«: sound and true. JOHN DA-
VILLA. Jones ave., Elmhurst, Cal.
FOR sale — Milk wagen; 2 business buggies,
new; tUogle express wagon; 2 fruit wagons;
butcher wagon; 2 delivery wagons, almost
new; cheat). 1219 Pierce st.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. 8. .F.
COBBLE-EORE, footsore horses for soft re-
claimed river lands; fair prices paid; must
t* sound. Box 44S8. Call; tel. Main 767.
A SACRIFICE: rubber tire open hack; good
condition; new harness. HARRY WELLER,
120B Market st. - ¦;
AUCTION sale 70 horses. Thursday, November
10, 11 a. m., 220 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Fine new business buggy; also solid
tcp delivery wagon; cheap. 623 Fulton st. •
FOR sale — 3 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st.
WANTED — A good team of horses. Box 4503.
Call offlc*. -^
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nets. work & driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
JgQU3ESjrO^LET. _
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
FOR rent — To party buying carpets and some
furniture, pleasant 7-room house, bath; con-
venient. &43 McAllister st,
TO let — Rear house of 4 rooms; 1332 Larkln.
Apply 1S50 Lackin st. •
HOUSES TO LET— -rUBNISHEP.
A NICELY furnished 8-room house; sunny
corner; piano. 12 to 4. 1308 L&guna st.
HOWARD, 2130. near Eighteenth — 8 rooms,
bath, etc; well furnished: rent low.
HOUSE of reven rooms, well furnished. 1183
Oak st.; rent $45.
CLASSIFIED sdvertisements and subscriptions
received at OH branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HOUSES rUBNISHEP — rOB SALE.
VS-ROOM house for sale cheap account of
sickness. Apply 815 Geary st.
HOUSES WANTED— rUBglSHED.
WANTED — Furnished house or flat of 5 rooms.
Addr<-is». with full particulars, box 4103. Call.
_ HOgSE-CLSAlTiaG OPPICE3.
JAPANESE houzecleanlng company and shoe-
maker. CIS Oough St.; phone Howard 35S3.
.COTTAGES TO LET.
FIVi:-noOM cotlaKe to let: rent $10. Inquire
Elizabeth, bet. Prtimmond and Douglass.
J LOST AMD POUND.
LOST— November fl, diamond stick pin, be-
tween 1251 Waller a.nd park music stand,
via Masonic. Oak, Cliff House car to Ninth
ave. entrance: liberal reward If retunled to
GANAHL. 123 California st.
LOST — November 8. pair of gold rim spec-
tacles, coming from Union Coursing Park on
Mission et. cars; return to 1518 Treat ave.,
m^~ ave.; liberal reward.
LOST— Monday morning, a small violin bow.
I Finder will \e suitably rewarded by return-
j ing same to l"O0 California st.
i LOST — Ladles' gold watch: monogram L H.
• H. on case; reward. L. M. HICKMAN.
Sausallto.
LOST— Gold bracelet, Sunday night. Return
414 Market 8L. tecelve reward.
LOST — A bad case of Indigestion by a young
lady who used CHICLETS.
FOUND — Black cocker spaniel dog. Owner
may call at 411 Third st. ¦
LOHT— Pure white bull terrlor bitch; 10
months: black collar, brass -trimmings,
buckle lock: liberal reward. Return to
GEORGE "WALTON. 43 Eddy St., cor. Ma.
son. ¦
LOST — Diamond locket,' In children's play-
ground: initials J. B. -8. - Liberal reward re-
turn room 315. Golden West Hotel.
LOST— Marquise ring, rubles surrounded by
.liarmnd*. Return 17C5 Pine Bt.: reward $20.
$5 reVard— Mais L"lewellyn setter:, square-
shaptJ black left shoulder. 1S5 Ban Carlos ave.
¦ LAUNCHES rOB KTBE. J
C. A. MeNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
Ft.; for pleasure and business; tel.'Bush 534.
MACHINEITSr — Bcusrht. SolO,' Exchanged.
WANTED — Second-hand swing saw and
planer. JOHN T. GRAHAM. NW. cor. Pre-
rita av«. and . Al&bama et. ¦
KELP WAifTED— MALE—Conttaned.
¦
AT C. R. HANREN & OJ.S 428 Bush St.
— — —
Psstry confectioner, first-class country ho-
* e! $7S month & found, up
Ps*tr> confectioner, city . .$75 board & up
Cook and helper, country Institution. $C5-$25
r-hpp butcher, who can drive wagon city
•:¦••••••: $14-$18 week
?^ !ddk-agf>d man to take charge of helps'
usrtroh*. etc.. city. $.i5 to $40 & found
fr*r drawer .. $40 and board
Fxreriencfd ouuide salesman for eggs and
•Jtur. c.ty. $5.'» and commission to start.
t;'.;citers tor coffee and tea house, city.
Mabu-man. institution, country $23
M«rrW gardener and wite $50 & house
Walking ho-s. R. R. camp, north $65
— — —
» laborers tnd teamster* ..But* of Nevada
Ship to-night Boss her*
C. l». HANEEN * CO .^42^ Bush_Et.
NATIONAL EMPLOYE'S "rECDRDCO.
Pr.fT«- 4TO6.
2 J<-wtlr>- tal«»fcin<n, Oregon and Wathing-
« boy» wanted; »&lary $t to I*.
4 watchmakers.
Solicitor, medical directory, city and country:
¦alary aad commission.
Placer miners. Alaska; 100 In party; $30 day
earned.
Many por.tien* open. Call at efflce.
Cl Third St., rooms 9-10.
PERRTS MERCANTILE BUREAU.
feo« Market st., room 325. fifth floor.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to S p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $23 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store »25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $15 week
Timekeepers $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $1S week ,
2 fh'pping clerks $11 week
General office work $15 week
Bank clerk, bond required $25 week
Young man. leern dentistry J10 week
606 Markst *L. room 32S. fifth floor.
WE want five thoroughly capable, neat ap-
pearing salesmen for a first-class gents' fur-
nishing goods house, at a first-class salary.
Young man. self-confident and neat ap-
pearing, as stock boy for a Orst-clase gents'
furnishing good* house; fair salary to etart.
One good bookkeeper; fair salary.
The Romayn-Phirk Register. Renting and
Adv. Co..
fl2-*13 Grant bldg.. 7th and Market sts.
Phone South 104.
<~i~»")K and wife. $5>0 and found: German waiter,
country. $.10 and found: milker and wife.
$r.O and found: choreman. gentleman's coun-
try place. S25 and f^und; old man to care for
place; farmers, $3rt and found; 3 brick sort-
*¦-* and wheelers, J2 25 -lay; swamper. $40
and found, and others. J. F CROSETT &
CO., OS Sacramento st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial St.; phone Bush S33.
Machinist, strawy pv>siiion, large company,
good ••-.¦-.."-. 20 laborer? and teamsters. $2 ."¦'>:
row sts bout, shipyard. $.1."> and found; chore-
rr.tn. San Msteo County, $15 and found.
A MAN and wife for « dairy ranch, $50; see
party here. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
si., near PoweU.
MJ-N to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only institution teaching th«s trn-
»cr^.l art; call or write for free catalogue;
bl-ecial offer. Mo'er liarber College, 649 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a good
trade; 6teady work: paid while learning;
n:ust have $25 eorurity. CaJl at 61S Mer-
chant st., betm-een Ktarny and Montgomery.
MEN to sell stock in Montana coal mine; enor-
mous prof.ts in sight; legitimate investment
guarar.t»ed by deposit or railroad bonds. Box
1:70. Minneapolis, Minn.
WANTEP — Fim-clat* barber, one who t peaks
Polish language, for country; wagec $20 per
wtek. Box 4537. Call office.
GOOD. e-tr<j>rg boy about Ifl to learn hat trad*;
P ¦' * ch&nce for boy willing to work. Pacific
Coast Km V.'.rks, J4f.S Market St.
WANTED — Experienced man to set up toys.
Apply between 9 and LU a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED n:an tn help in kitchen of
email restaurant. :'••'¦ Market et.. near Slx-
teer.tJi.^ _.
COAT3IAKER wanted; steady work. 305«
Twenty-fourth «t
BOY not under It years; $4 per week. 838
Mtesicn at.
T'FEFUL. competent German, liquor store:
t^nd bar; state age and refs. Box 451$, Call.
WANTED— Delivery beys. Apply Pragers De-
partment Store, Market and Jones sts.
V.ANTED — Every boy to ask his druggist for
CHICLETS.
BARBER ehop for sale cheap; 627 Clay et.
Call bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
F1IOEMAKER wanted: steady Job on repair
work. Box 4515. Call office.
WANTED — Go<>(Jye«r operator; steady Job. Ap-
ply Evans *-'hoe Co., Ncpa, Cal.
BARBER wanted at 2120 Shattuck ave.. East
Berkeley.
$500 — STEADY man for partner In a No. 1
business; large proSts-: ea*y to learn. In-
vestigate at 2S3 Fourth st.. barber shop.
BARBER shoo- for sale in the country. In-
quire et DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis «t.
BARIiER chop for sale; 2 chairs- 3 living-
rooms; cheap rent. Inquire 1158H Folsom.
BARBER shep for sale: 3 chairs; good furni-
ture; cheap rent. 2«2 O'Farrell st_
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
EROS.'
MEN and wemen to learn the barber trade;
it won't cost you one cent: we teach you
free at HAIGHTB BARBER SCHOOL. 611
Commercial St.
WE want «. married man. not over 28. to
travel: with " ether qualifications be mu*t
neither smnke nor drink: salary and ex-
penses. Box 4470. Call office.
t20f> — BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; cen-
trally located in a popular resort on the
ooast. Addre** J. GOETZ. Pacific Grove,
Monterey Co.. Cal.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Arply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1C05 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
• dded 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third tt.; 2S0 r f jcms; 25- to 50c per nlgat.
WANTED — Tour.g man as working bookkeep-
er In carpenter ehep. 3373 Eighteenth St.,
near Mission.
J.:*'.- — TOR rile; sr.ap: 2-chair barber shop;
choice location; gocd buslne**: sickness cause
selling. See Coleman, 806 Mutual Bank bldg.
WANTED — Schoolboy to carry morning paper
north Market st., east Powell; no Sunday
work. Apply I32S Mission st.
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rocms at 2Oc per
night: clothes closets, hslr mattres*; electric
light In every room. e*I Howard st_
P. F. Barber College. 741 Howard St.. want* all
young tnea to know that It hes the finert
<-c,u!H*d school west of fit. Louis; red. rates.
GET your, shoes hslf-roled while waiting; 25c i
to COc. :.';:: Mlszicn st.. bet. 1st and 2d ats., I
or 11 Third St.. Examiner bulldl&g. J
FIUFT-CLAFS Jewelry engraver wanted; J
steady Dos:tion. Call 308 Market st- j
ONE rr.an to learn the barbrr trade, absolutely '
fit>* of charge. 751 Mission st. j
BARBER £h<~p for sale on Market st: good
shop. Apply Call office.
MEN to learn the detective profession. 997
Market M.. rocm 104.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
tne world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN— The original JNO. A. MOLER has
opened one of his famous barber colleges at
(44 Clay St.; trade taught in 8 weeks: tuition
earned while learning: constant practice; ex-
. pert instructions; positions guaranteed. Call
or write <c.irr»ct number) C44 Clay st.
NATIVE SONS. ATTENTION— WE WANT
IMMEDIATELY HIGH-GRADE SALES-
MEN TO WORK; CITY TRADE' NO
f'THERS NEED APPLY. CALL ROOM
1'25. PARROTT BUILDING.
FOR rale— Well located barber shop; good
transient trade. Box 4861. Call.
COATMAKER and punts and vect makers for
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
ENEP.GETIC. reliable men as city and coun-
try ¦jr«»nt5; steady position?. 247 Fifth st.»
•TEN wanted at 137 3d rt.. where j<hoe* are re-
txUreci by ms.cfalrery; sewed *oJ»i 10 mln., 7.Vu j
IN THE COLUMNS OF THE CALL
BY STATING YOUR
WANTS, NEW YORK, Nov. 7. — Two lion
esses, two" monkeys,- two ostriches
and' a zebra, which were presented
by, King: Menellk of Abyssinia to the
President of the United States, ar
rived, here on the /Atlantic, transport
liner " Minneapolis from London. One
lioness died during the voyage.
lionesses, Monkeys, Ostriches and a
Zebra Arrive From Africa
for the President.
MENELIK SEXDS WILD
BEASTS TO ROOSEVElTr
The decision gives the company,
which re-established its business " un
der the temporary injunction, the full
protection of the court. Judge Mar
shall rendered the^ decision in Salt
Lake City and mailed It to Denver. It
was filed in the clerk's office to-day.
DENVER, Nov. 7.— Judge Marshall
of the United States Court has made
permanent the temporary Injunction
recently issued restraining members
of the Cripple Creek Mine-Owners'
Association and Citizens' Alliance
members and others from Interfering
with the owners and employes and
property*of the Interstate Mercantire
Company of Montana at Cripple
Creek.* -The- store of the company was
looted- August 21 last and its employes
deported from the camp at the points
of puns.
Permanent Order , Issued Affecting
Mine OAvncrs and the Citizens'
Alliance.
ENJOINED FROM INTERFERING
WITH CRIPPI/E CREEK STORE
Swedish Statesman Resigns,
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Nov. 7. —
Foreign Minister Lagerheim has re
signed.
LONDON, Nov. 7. — The October
statement of the Board • of Trade
shows an increase of $8,798,000 In
imports and a decrease of $2,807,500
In exports.
Great Britain's Waning Trade,
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha •••••.. i.» ill Julia ••••••••• vo Oo
Alta 04 00| Justice O5 06
; Andes '24 5!8:Kentuck 02^ 04
! Belcher 22 23|l>ady Wash ..02 04
I Best & Belch.l 05 1 LVMcxIran 1 20 1 25
Bullion 24 25 Occidental ... 74 70
Caledonia.... 35 37 Ophlr 2 40 2 45'
[Challenge ... 17 18 Overman 12 13
i Chollar .. 18 19|Potosl ... 11 12
! Confidence ... SO 90. Scorpion 06 07
; Con Cal & V.I 75 1 80 Savage 2fl 27
I Con Imperial. 01 02lfieK Belcher... 06 07
Con NY 03 f5 Sierra Nev.... 28 29
Crown Point., lfl 17|Silve r Hill.... 51 63
i Eureka Con.. — 50! St. Louis .... 08 10
Exchequer ... 42 4" Syndicate .... 03 05
E. Sierra Nev 0.1 C5| Union Con.... 49 50
Gould & Cur. 11 l*>IIJftah ...» 08 09
[ Hale & Norc. 69 721 Yellow Jacket. 18 19
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
500 MacNamara . 271 f 6C0 Ton Ohio .... 3.1
100 Mont Ton..l 92 V4 1 100 Ton of Nev.» 12#
Afternoon Session.
100 Goldfleld C0|l600 Paymaster ... -08
2500 MacNamara . 26' 500 Ton Belmont.. 84
500 MacNamara .25 200 Ton N Star. . . 18
300 Mont Ton..l 92V4 700 Ton Ohio .... 33
100 Mont Ton ...1 95 2C0 Ton of Nev.9 12%
400 Ray & O'Brien 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. f|f^j|
Bid.Ask.! Bld.ABk.
Ton of Nev.9 00 0 37H|Rescue 08 10
Mont Ton 1 00 1 051 Ton & Cal . . 15 —
Ton Exten ..1 85 2 00| Ray & O'Brien — 07
MacNamara . 25 261 Paymaster ... 02 03
¦Ton Midway.. — . ¦ 40J Little Ton .. 30 —
Ton Belmont.. 82 ' 8!t|Esperanza 01 02
Ton N Star... 17 181 Gold Anchor.. 2.1 —
West End ... — 17|Quincy ....... 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. : 17 10|N Y.Ton Con. 11 —
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm .. — 18| Jumbo Ex ..20 22
Red Top .... 11 MlVernalMin .. 10 —
Ooldfleld Mhk — 18 Goldfleld ..... 56 —
Jumbo 45 501
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were: the sales on. the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1172 Cen Eureka.. 1 501 500 Ton Belmont.. 84
100 Ooldfleld Mln 59 1 500 Ton Belmont.. 83
100 Jim Butler .. 5311000 Ton Belmont.. 82
100 Jim Butler .. 6« BOO Ton Belmont.: 81
100 Jumbo . . 45 100O Ton & Cal... 15
2000 Jumbo .. 43 1000 Ton Exten ...1 9O
l&OO Jumbo ....... 42 100 Ton Midway.. 40
,100 Jumbo ...... 44 1000 Ton N Star... 17
1500 MacNamara .20 500 Vernal Mln . . 10
! Afternoon Session.
• 4000 Booth- M Co. 13 -600 Jumbo ....... 43
1500 Esperanza . . .- 01 500 Mont Ton . . . 1 92 H
300 Goldfleld Mln 50 50 Mont : Ton ...1 86
10OO MacNamara-/ 26 600 Red' Top ..... 13
3500 Jumbo. ....V. 42 100 Ton Midway..; 38 ,
1000 Jumbo .....".¦ 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS, ".' '
BId.Ask.l '".' :. Bid.As'k.
Adams-..:... 08 —Mont Ton ...100 1,95
Black Butte. . 21 —NT Ton Con. , 08 - C5
Blue Bull M. 15 — NY, T Con M. 11 —
Booth M Co. A2 14 Paymaster ... 02 —
'Columbia ....23 25 Qulncy ....... 11 —
Dlamondfield. - 36 — Ray. Exten ¦..' — .' .08
Esperanza. ... — 02i Ray * O'Brien . — 10 i
OoldfleM B&B , — 14lRay Ton- . . .: . — 14 1
Goldfleld Dmd — 20| Red Top ...... 12 13 '
400 Alpha 16| 100 Mexican 120
200 Andes 25| 100 Mexican 1 25
200 Caledonia 3tt 200 Potosl 11
200 Chollar 18 20© Savage 27
100 Crown Point.. 17 100 Scorpion 06
200 Crown Point.. 16 1300 Union Con.... 4,9
200 Bullion 25 17CO Union Con.... 50
200 Hale & Norc. 70| 200 Yellow Jacket. 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Srsslon — Comstocks.
700 Andes 25 400 Ophir 2 40
100 Caledonia 37 300 Potosl 11
iiOO Chollar 18 1C0 Scorpion 07
1000 Chollar 19 200 Sierra Nev 26
tlOO Con Cal & V.I 75) ICO Sierra Nev.... 27
500 Con Imperial. 01! 400 Union Con.... 60
300 Gould & Cur. 12| 500 Yellow Jacket, 18
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the Eales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning Session — Comstocks.
PARIS, Nov. 7. — The sensational
trials of Colonels Dautrlch and Rollin
and Captains Francois and Marescal.
officers attached to the military In
formation bureau, who are charged
with appropriating funds which were
used to secure evidence against Drey
fus, came to an abrupt end to-day,
when the Government announced that
It had abandoned the case. The re
sult is attributed to the evidence of
General the Marquis de Gallifet, for
mer War Minister, exonerating the ac
cused officers.
Not Guilty of Appropriating Funds to
Secure Evidence Against
Dreyfus.
ACCUSED ARMY OFFICERS
IX FRANCE EXONERATE©
j California Stock and Oil Exchange.
• Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
i Associated Trust Cert 2tt .27
j caribou boo e w
I Claremont .: 77^4 so
S>^ u «* -v 67
j Home 00 70
I Independence ..' 32 33
Monte Crlsto 75 7 T i4
Occidental of W. Va ul i 04
, Oil City Petroleum 57 ftjj
j ltecd crude 1 jj5
; htnator so
i Sovereign 33
j Sterling 2 00
1 Twenty-eight 11 (M) 15 00
Ccalinifa &. Pac Oil Co 35 40
Forty Oil Co 45 50
i Miscellaneous —
I Fischer's Theater 1 10 1 60
Morning Session.
I 2000 Monte Cristo 75
i 100 Sterling '2 00
; f>O Home 67
; QIT C-Q
! Afternoon Session.
! 924 Independence 32
ltOO Associated Oil 20
300 Monte Crlsto 77^4
HAVANA, Nov. 7. — The winter ses
sion of Congress opened promisingly
to-day. There were less than a half
dozen absent from each, house, and
the proceedings were characterized by
friendliness.
• President Palma submitted the
budget of expenses for next year,
amounting to $19,000,000, of which
he proposed to devote $2,500,000 for
the construction of new roads and
bridges. The message stated that if
the customs revenues continued as
heavy as at present the executive
would ask for $20,000,000 for next
year. ;>^
Palmn's Budget Provides For Ex
penses of Nineteen Million Dol
lars Next Year.
AUSPICIOUS OPENING
vV L OF CUBAN CONGRESS
I Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
; Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 101 |SF t.NP 5s.ll2 112%
B I. Wat Cs. — 114%| S P C R 4s. 98 103
?. a U^\ V 5a -- 11 "% — JS P Co 4%s.lOHi —
51 C Wat 5..1IJO — Sun Tel 6s...ll4Vi —
I RIs I Wks5s — 1C5 I Do os 100 hi, —
St Drdk 5s.ll2 — tSuttr-st R5s.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. .
: Ala S Co... — 25 |Gas Con A.. 18& 19^
I Amer Bis Co — »0 |Lon& SF Uk. — CO
! Cal Cot Mils SO — |Mat Nav Co. CO
! C Jockey Cl. — 112^iNev Nat Bk.200 —
; Cal Powder. 130 1*5 |N Cal P Co. !>% 10«
Cal Ship Co. — 21 | Oak Uk Sav.120 —
Cal T I & T. — 1B5 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak CO 7JV4IIOOF Hall A 6tf —
Chutes Co .. 5 5%jOrpheum Co.— 1614
j City & C Bk — l«0 | PacC Cas Co.135 —
I Cyp L Imp.. — C^lPac Sur Co.105 —
| East Dynm.. — 375 |Paraf Paint.. 39 —
DptPwd pfd — 85 S F Drydock — 65
I Do com ..40 ;— SF&SJ Coal. 17*4 20
! FN Bk. Oak. 120 — 8 J Wat Co.10.1V4 —
\ Fischer Thtr 1 — ISO & MT(fbt.l25 —
; Frnch-A Bk.107 115 |Swie«-A Bk..ll5 —
j Hono P Co.. — 25 (TrucK Elect.. 11 V, 12
Do pool .. 23H 25 (UK InC pfd. 60% 61 H
SALES.
Morning: Session,
j ¦ ¦ Board—
¦ $1,000 S F & N P Ry 5 per cent 112 25
; Street—
100 Cal Gaa & Elect Corp 60 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
| 25 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 98 60
65 Alaska Packers' Association... OS 25
T.r A ' aska backers' Association... 08 00
£> Hawaiian Coml & Sugar CO 75
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 (>0
SO Makaweli 2S 75
75 Paauhau S P Co " 16 50
10 S F Gas & Electric 66 75
«o «rw'J s P rln « r Valley Water Co 39 CO
I *T'nn! n C H R 5 per cent 105 75
• ll'?™> £ a £ lfic , EIectr ic «>• 6 Per cent. 104 75
i «?2'£S ?• of C 6s (1905, Series A).. 101 00
$13,000 Lnited R R of S F 4 per cent. 85 50
: Street —
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 99 00
200 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 10 00
* n J; 5 § F Gas & Electric 66 75
$0,0CO.Spring Val 4s (2d mtge) 100 25
Morning Session.
Board — -,
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 99 25
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 90 00
10 California Wine Association... 78 00
235 Honokaa 8 Co 15 50
30 Hutchinson S P Co. 10 CO
10O Makaweli ,. 28 3714
50 Makaweli, s 10 28 37ii
100 Makawelt .• 28 50
70 Paauhau 8 P Co 16 37 Vi
6<> Paauhau 8 P Co , 16 25
,,15 8 F Gas & Electric 56 75
$3, 000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 6s.. 100 00
$4,000 X P C R R 5 per cent 105 75
JU2.0CO N P C R R 5 per cent. ..... ..106 87&
Street—
$7,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 85 50
Ca F C A. 09%100 |Pac Aux FA. 4«4 —
Cal Wine A.— 79 |Pac C Bone. 156 157#
MV& MtTm. — 105 IPac S Tel Co.107 109y*
The most remarkable contest was In
the district of Castel-Franco. compris
ing the birthplace of the Pope. Count
dl Macola, who killed Signor Cavallot
tl, the famous Radical leader, in a duel,
has always been re-elected on the first
ballot, but yesterday, although sup
ported by the Clericals, the Count, who
is a personal friend of the Pope, did
not receive sufficient votes in his con
test against the Democrat and Minis
terial candidate, Slgnor Pellegrini, a
stanch advocate of divorce, and Ma
colo must try to win on a second bal
lot. As
signor Masl, former minister of pub
lic instruction, and a fugitive from
justice, accused of peculation, was re
elected unanimously by his fellow
townsmen at Trapani as a protest
against the charges brought against
him, the people of Trapani not believ
ing him guilty.
Signor Paloizzolo, who is considered
to be the head of the Mafia secret so
ciety, was a candidate at Palermo, but
he received only 289 votes to 125S votes
cast for his opponent, who was elected.
ROME, Nov." 7.— Definite returns show
that all the members of the Cabinet
have been re-elected. Former Premier
Rudini, Baron Donnlni, leader of the
constitutional opposition, and Prinet
ti. the former Foreign* Minister, and
Ferri, the Socialist leader, have also
been re-elected.
Summing up the result it is estab
lished that the Government has been
victorious over the Extremists, who
lost twenty seats. Turin, Naples, Pa
lermo and almost all the large towns
joined Milan . and Genoa in defeating
the Extremists, as a manifestation
against the general strike. This really
was the predominant note in the elec
tions.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NnWS
All the Members of Present
Cabinet. Are Successful in
Their Various Districts
STKIKE FACTION LOSES
Joseph Van Arx and H. Hochbrunn (owners)
with Klschnitzk! Bros, (contractors).
architect — All work for a two-story frame
building on S line of Twenty-ninth street. 105
E of Sanchez. E 25 by S 114. H. A. 08: $.T50O.
Florence G.Perine and Jennie G. MacKlnlay
(owners) with J. C. Caldwell (contractor), ar
chitect Nathaniel Blalsdell — AH work except
plumbing, sewering, painting, tinting, electrical
work, trimming, hardware, gas and electric
fixtures, mantels, grates, tiles and shades for
two three-story frame buildings on 8 line of
Hayes street, 85:9 E of Franklin. E 51:9 by S
120. Western Addition 73: $22,522.
Goowey Estate Company (owners) with A.
Gradln (contractor), architect C. A. Meuss
dorffer— Painting, varnishing, tinting for a
three-story and basement frame building on
SW corner of Laguna street and Hickory ave
nue, S 40 by W 85, Western Addition 220;
J1000.
C. V. and Jcseph C. Meyersteln and Cora V.
Johnson (owners) with Charles Stockholm (con
tractor), architect Albert Farr— All work for
alterations and -additions of a two-story and
basement frame dwelling into three frame flats
on E line of Octavia street, 50 S of Vallejo. 8
47:6 by E 112:6, Western Addition 165; $7500.
Edward T. and Lou I. Miller to Emll C.
and Emma Brose. lot on S line of Crescent
street. 25 W of Roscoe. W 25 by 3 75, lots 1,
2 and 3, Holllday map A; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Drlla Flatley (by John Lackmann. Sheriff)
to San Francisco Commercial Agency, lot on
NW line of Vienna street, 60 NE of Brazil,
NE 25 by NW 100; $181.
San Francisco Commercial Agency to W. C.
Hlldebrandt. same; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Edith O. McCoy
lot on E line of Forty-fifth avenue. 100 S of
U street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Leopold and Sarah Welnsteln to Jacob Hey
man Company, lot 9, block 34. Paul tract; $10.
Julius C. Rets, to Harvey F. Turney, lot 1,
block 31, Rels tract; rrant.
D. A. McDonald to Jane McDonald, lot on
N line of Broad street, 160 W of Capitol, W
lfi2:0 by N 125, block I. Railroad Homestead;
gift.
Mary A. Lnnkenan to T>. ;H. Otto and John
A. Jacobs, undivided third of lots 1 and 2,
block 228. O'N. & H. tract: $10.
D. H. and Antoinette Otto to John A. Jacobs,
undivided half of lots 1 and 2, block 223. O'N.
& H. tract; $10.
John A. and Sarah A. Jacobs to Dietrich H.
Otto, undivided half of lot on W line of Thirty
fifth p venue, 125 N of K street. N'25 by W
110; n o lot 41. block 332. same; $10.
Julius C. IU-is to Olive H. Schmidt, lot 39.
block .1. Reis tract; erant.
Francis A. Church to Charles A. and Min
nie Nystrom, lot on S line of Clement street.
62:h E of Third avenue. E 25 by S 100- $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters and George A.
and May E. Turner to Annie T. Sorgenfrey. lot
on E line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 30 S of Clem
ent street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Addle 8. Ellis to William M. de Wolf, lot
on AY lino of Sixth avenue, 150 N of B street.
N 25 by W, 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Cuyler Le« lot
on 8 line of H street. 82:6 E of Forty-eeventh
avenue. E 50 by 8 100; $10.
Albert Meyer to Harrison Barto lot on SE
corner of Eighteenth avenue and H street E
32 :« by S 100; $10.
Aunte M. and John F. Root to Mrs. S. V.
Culp, lot on N line of L street 82:6 E of
Forty-seventh. E 25 by N 100; $10. '
Lir.zle Lobree to Aida G. Hall, lot on S line
of N street. 32:0 E of Eighteenth avenue. E 25
bv S ICO; also lot on S line of N street. 82:8
E of Eighteenth avenue, E 73 by S 100; also
lot on SW corner of N street and Seventeenth
avenue, W 32:0 by 8 100; also lot on W line
of Seventeenth «venue. 300 8 of N street 3
200. W 32:6. S 100. W 125. N 100. W 5O. S 100
W 32:0, N 123. K 120, N 25. W 120, N 25. E
120, N 125, E 120; also lot on E line of Eigh
teenth avenue, 250 S of N street, S 50 by E
120; $10. '
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 7
James R. Ford to Cella Carroll lot on N
line of Post street, 6G:3 W of Gough. W 30 by
N 68:0; $10.
Patrick W. Riordan to Dominican College
of San Rafael, lot en S line of Golden Gate
avenue, 137:6 W of Steiner street. W 215 by S
137:6; also right of way on B line of Pierce
street. 127:6 S of Golden Gate avenue, S 10 by
E 60; $10.
Adam and Ottilia L. Gtlliland to Frances M.
Herlihy (wife of P. H.). lot on S line of Val
lejo street, 112:6 W of Pierce street, W 25 by
S 12S; $10.
Estate of Frank Frates (by George M. Hu
ber.ty, administrator) to G. A. Lynch, lot on
SE corner of Oak street and Central avenue,
E 49:5 t.y S 110; *800O.
G. A. and Grace H. Lynch to Alexander and
Elizabeth Lynch, lot on SE corner of Presidio
avenue and Oak street, E 49:5 by S 110; $8000.
Wells. Fargro & Company to Mary E. Busch.
lot on S line of Frederick street. 55 E of Tre
mont. E 25 by S 102; $10.
Jesse W. and Olive F, Hamilton to Annie P.
Jones. lot on W line of Clayton street, 225 S of
Frederick. S 25 by W 100; ?10.
Eugene C. Normand to Vlctorlne S. Normand
(wife), lot en E line of San Carlos avenue. 128
S of Twentieth. S 22 by E 75: gift. »
Patrick J. and Mary A. Mclnerney to Chris
tian Anderson, lot on N line of Twenty-flrst
street. 25 W of Potrero. W 25 by N 63:6: $10.
John C. and Annie Flood to Lewis B. Hasel
tine, lot on W line of Harrison street. 275 N of
Twenty-fourth. N 30 by W 122:6; $10.
Elizabeth Kindlln to William and Mabel F.
Graham, lot on SW comer of Twenty-fifth and
Church streets, S 25 by W 101:9; $10.
Vanderlyn Stow, Albert N. Drown and
liam F. Herrin (trustees eatate of W. W.
Stow) to San Francisco Coke and Gas Com
pany, undivided three-eights of North Beach
block «, bounded by Beach, Powell, Jefferson
and M.ifcn streets; $2625.
Charles G. Minlfle to Harry F. Woods. Ed
ward Barry, Timothy J- Lyons and 3. B.
Cushlng (trustee* Frank H. Woods trust), lot
on S line of Pine street. 137 :G W of Mason.
W 68:9 by S 137:6; also lot on W line of
Drumm street. €8:9 S of Sacramento. S 22:11
by W 70; also lot on S line of Jackson street.
117 W of Drumm. W 38 by S 120; also lot
on NE corner of Commercial and Battery
Btreeto N 39:0 by E 60; also lot on W line of
Montgomery street. 112:8"^ S of Sacramento,
S 2i>:l. W 137:fi. N 34:11H. E 47:6. 8 8:10&,
E 90; also lot on W line of Montgomery street,
03:9 S of Sacramento. S 17:9 by W 90; also
lot on W line of Montgomery street.
68:9 S of Sacramento. 8 25, W 90.
8 10, W 47:6. N 35. E 137:6; also lot on
N line of Geary street. 120 E of Grant ave
nue, E 35. N 62, E 20, N CO, W 40, S 60. W
15, S 62:6; also lot on N line of Ellis street.
55 W of Jones, W 82:6 by N 120; also lot on
N line of Pacific street. 82:0 E of Van Ness
avenue, E 94:3, N 127:8Vi, W 39:3 S 36:0%.
W 55, S 01 :S; also lot on NE corner of Mar
ket and Castro streets. NE 93:4Vi. NW 90,
SW 16:4%, 8 118:5; also undivided one-half
of lot on S line of Pacific street. 75 W of
Broderick, W CO, S 127:SU, E 30. N 27:8%.
E 30, N 100, and all Interest In estate of
Francis H.. Frank H. or F. H. Woods, de
ceased, quitclaim deed; $ .
Francis E. Redfield to Gesualdo de Luca and
Natal Ferroggjaro, lot on SW corner of Fil
bert and Taylor streets. S 128:9 by W 77:6;
Annette L. Llnsley to Emma M. Knobloch.
lot on E line of Carolina street, 250 S of
Twentieth. S 25 by E 200; $10.
William M. and Grace Lacey to Mary E.
Ring, lot on E line of Third avenue. 123 S
o f !> e th (or California street South). S 25 by
E 120i S10. ~ <¦*/.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Government Victorious Over
the Extremists in the
Elections in the Kingdom
Gldfld Gt Bnd 05 20! Rescue OS 12
Goldfleld Min : 60 — i Rothwell O M — 60
Goldfleld Mhk 15 —I Sandstorm ... 19 25
Gldfld Ded L. 05 — I Ton Belmont.. — 83
Goldfleld S Pk — 18 Ton &. Cal.... 1« —
Goldfleld Ton. — 11 1 Ton Cash Boy. — 12
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Exten ..1 90 2 00
Hazel Kirk .. — 12|Ton Gold Mt. — IT
Jim Butler .. 57 COITon Midway.. 39 40
Jumbo 42 43'Ton of Nev. — 9 37Vi
Jumbo Ex .. 19 211 Ton N Star... 17 IS
Little Ton . . 35 — Vernal Mln . . 00 It
Lucky Tom.. — 10 West End . . . . 13 14
MacXamara . — 27
RULING PARTY
IN ITALY WINS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY.' NOVEMBER S. 1904.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEIj.
M C ALI FO R 5 1 A §3
¦ LIMITED TO CHKi^nOB
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSOATS H
9 at i):H0 a.m., throuffh In 3 day«.H
¦ With diner and all trapping!.
Other Santa Fe Trains:
o : io"'S't For stl>ckion - Freaao. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. ml J Merced.. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4 :00 p. m. For Stockton. '
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. : also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
¦ to SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
?la Sauaalito Perry
SUBURBAN 8ERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally. »» tr-ii^
7:45. 8:25. 9:10. V:50. 11:00 a. «.; 1:45. 3 : 13'
4:35. 6:15. 8:50. «:30. 7:15. 9:00 and U : _3
Arrlre at San Francisco.. daJly. at m'«a
7:35. 8:13. 8:60. 9:35. 10SO a. m.V 1:3V 2 : js
4:25! 5:06. 5:42, 6:23. 6:67. 7:40 and u!u
"tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a.m.* also Sat
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and daily e X (»pt Satu£
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN8.
7:45 a. m. dally— Caxadsro and way stations.
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays only — For Caxadero
•tc '
5:15 p. m.. dally, except 3 aturrJay aod Sun-
day, for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 850 ' Market mCi-
. FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
HALLWAY TRAVEL.
# Train* !«•?• and arc <tna
to arrive at
8AN FRANCISCO.
FSOJf OCTOBM i*. WO*.
Fxrbt DirOT
(Toot of Market Street)
*!.>**« - MAIN LINE. -*»»i7f
7.00a VsearliJe. Wlnterf. ICumsey 7 50s»
7 00a Benlcla, Elmtrs snd 8«er«mento.. 720b
7.30a V-lleJo. K«j»a. Csl'.stpr*. Suu
Uosa. Martinet. S-a Ramon S 2S»
7.50a Nnes.Tracy. L«throp, 3tock:on.... 720p
BOOAShsitft Express— (Vl» D»Tlt).
WtllUm*. Willows, irruta Ked
Bluff. Portland. Tscotna, Seattle 7-5C»
8 00a r>»Tt*. WoodUnJ. Kntzhts Landing.
Maryf»lll*.Oro»l!le.: 7-50*
8 30 a Marttnex. AntloeH. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton. Kswaao. Los Daaos,
Mendota, Armani, M-nrord.
Vl.-ll*. Porterrllla «.20>»
8 30a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced.
Freino. Gonben J auction. Hsa-
ford. Vti-lta. B-fcerirteld «-50»
8 30 a Jf lie» 9*n Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ion, (tMllton). »onc, Sacr-raento.
MsryiTllle. Chlco. Ked Blaff .... 420»
8.30a Oa-d»le. t'hlnene. J-me.town. So-
nor«. Tuolumne »nd An«Bl» 5=H
9 00a Atlantic Kxpre«»— OB«len »nd R««. 5 20i»
8.30a Richmond. Msrtlnes «n<l W»y
Stations R-aU" 1
10 OCA The OTcrlund Limited — «»Z<1 en.
Oman*. Cb!«*go. UenT«r. Kaata.
: City. St. Loui» •¦»}»
I 10.00a Vallejo... _, ¦•• 12 ' 20p
I 10.00a Los Aofele- Pa«»cnger — Port
. Costa. Martlaei. Dyron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
K»r nioad. fre»oo. Goshen Juno-
rton. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalfa.
Bakersfleld. J.os Angeles T-2JW
12.00*. Hsywsrd. NIIm »»d W.y Stations. M f20»
tl.0OP Sucnraen to RUer Steamer! f 11.00»
_ JOp Benlcla, Winter*. 3»cr*mento.
Woodlsr.1. Knl.hts Landing.
MaryiTllle. OroTllle and ws»
.*.5flp H»y*w«rd.JJi;esaad Way Stations.. 7.S0«>
3 30p Poi t Coma, M«rtln«i. Byron.Trscy.
Lathrop, 9tt>ek}on, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Frrsno and
Wsy Stations bejoud Pon Costa 12-2u>
4.CCP Mart;nex.San Rumen, V«IleJo,X»p«,
Callitofta. B-nta Ro»a inio»
4-GOp Mies. Tracr. Stockton JgZ"*
4-30P Hayward. Nlles. IrTlnHtoa. 3aa» ™-§<j*
Jose. Llvermor* » tll.WU
B.OQpTne Owl Limited— S«wbud. Los
Banos. Mendoia, Fre*ni>. Talar*.
BskersBeld. Los Angeles 8W*
TB 30p Hayward. Klles and Nan Jo«e ZfX*
600p lUy ward. Nile* snd San Jote- 9 5(U
6X0P Eastern Express— Om-li». Chlcajro.
Denrer. Kaniiss City. , Q t. Lonls,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Col fax. Rsno. 0parica, Montello,
. Olden 12.50W
i t.OOp Vallejo. dal'y. -xcept Sunday I 753-
' 7-OOPValIeJo. Sunday only f ' ou *
7. COP Hlcbmond. Man Pablo. Port Costa,
Martines and Wsy Station! 1120a
7.00p Reno Passenger— P»rt Costa. B»-
niels. Sulsaa, Elmlra, Dtxon,
Davis. Sacramento. Sparks. Tono-
pab, Ke«'er and Way Statlona... 7.504
8 05p Oregon * California Kxpre»— Sao-
ramento, MaryvTllls, Redding,
Portland. Pugat Sound »nd gait. 8-504
I.10p Hay warti. Nile* snd San Jose Hoar
dsyonly) II.SO4
COAST LINE O»rr«t- Mango).
<Foot of M.\rset Street.)
8-15A JJewsrk. c'eutervllle. San Join.
Felton. Boalder Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Stations 5 5j»
t2.15p Newark. Ceatervllle. San Jots,
New Almaden. Los G»to».Fe: too,
Boalder Crnek, S-nu Cru sad
Principal Way Stations tiOSSa.
4. 16p Newark. Sta Joie, Los Gatos... \ :1 t J.|_*
; -9.30P Hunters 1 Train (Saturday only)—
! San Jote aad Way iji»tlon« t7-Z5P
COAST LINE tUroaJ «.au_e).
V" Ci'htrd -ml Tuvrnssnd Strxts.)
610a aaa Jote aud Way Stations 8 30b»
700a Snn ,Jc«e nnd Way Stations 6 40p
8 00a N-w Almadea (Tiies.. Frtd.. only). 4.1Qs»
'. B-OOa The Coaater — Sao Jote, Salinas.
San ArJo. Paso Roblea. Santa
Margarita. San Lais Obttpo,
Gaatlalupe. Gartota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Mun-
talTo, Oxnard, Onrbtnk, Los
Angeles 10 33»
S-OOAGtlroy. Iloliltter. CattrovUle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove. Surf. Lom-
poc 10.30P
tt.OOA Ban Jote. Tret Flnos.'Wai.ionvir.-,
Cipltol*. ftaota Crax, P«clfl«
Grove. Salinas. San Luis UbUpo
anil Principal Way 9tatlont. ... 4.10s>
10-30A Can Jote sud Way Stations 1 20o
11 'it A San Jote sad Way stations 7?0a
2-15P Sto Jonetnd W«y Stations 8 38a
2.00P Del Monte Kxpreiia— SHDta Clara,
Ssn Jote. Wfttonvtlle. Saota
Crux. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 12-1S>>
1S-00P Lot Gatos. Wrtxbt. Boulder Creek.
Ssnta Cruz, via Saota Clara and
KsrruwGaas;e t10-45A
8-30P Valencia St.. Snatb Son Fmnciaco,
Bnritn_*me. S.in Jote, Gllroy,
Hoi Iftrr. Tres Hnos 10 45a
4 30p F*n Jo»c «nd W«y Stations 13.00a
I t5XCP Santa Clara. >»n Jb«e. Lot Gatos.
nod rrtnctsal Wsy Stations (ex-
' ropt Sunday) tg 00*
I iblt niiJbtrantll'rtnclpalWsyStstfont {§40*
b <k a»-»l Exprett. — Krdwuod. San
Jo»fl,Gllruy.S-llnas,Pa80l{obles,
t-tu Lais Obltpo. Sants Bnrliara.
Lot Anirele*. Demlns. Kl P*»o.
St.Lout*. New Orleans. New York S 10a
6.45pF*J*ro< Wattunvlile. Cs pi tola,
S-.nw Cruz. CaatroTllle. Del
Monte, Psdflc Grove 10-30P
1B.15P **- M-teo,Beretford,Belraont.Saa
Carlos. Ketlwood. Fair Oak*.
Menlo Psrk. Pslo Alto 14.48a
6 JOpStn Jote and Way Stations. 8-3°a
8 OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.16a
I 11.3CP SuuihSanFranelsco.Mlllbrse.Bar-
"nr.ame. San Mateo, SelmonC
S«n Carlos. Kedwoud, Fiir Oalct
Menlo Ptrk. and Pnlo Aiio *9 45p
«1130p M*y)i'!ii. Moantaln View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
8»n Jote t9-45a>
A for Mormnic. P for After aooa.
ISanda* excepted. tSandoyonly
-Satarday only. 6 Monday only.
iMupa st all stations on Sunday.
CALlFORiMA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon rerry, Foot of llariot StxsrL.
SAW PSAKC1SCO TO SAJT BATASL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. »:0O. ll:0O a. m. ; 12:33.
3:80. 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 i>. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:!H> and 11:30 p. ra.
SITNDAYS— 3:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
3:00. «:20. ll:3O p. m.
BAN KAFAEI TO S-UT rSASTClSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. '7:35. T:6O. 9:20. 11:14
a. m.; 12:50. 3:4O. 5:0O. 5:2O p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. rnu
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:10,
4:05. 5:06. 6:25 p. m. ¦
Leave I In Effect j ArriY*
San Fran. I Oct. 2, 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun-' I Destina- I Sun- I W*ck
Days.J days. | tloix | days. I DaysN
7:30a 8:0Oa »:10a!»:4»»
9:30 a l.naclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:3Op <:Cl pi 6:20 9
5:10p 5:00 p 7:33 p)
7:30 a 0:10 aj 9:40 a
8:00 a NoY&to. ' 10:4Oal0:20«
3:30 p ft:3Oa ' Petaluma C:OS pi a:20 9
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p|
I B:O»pt Santa Roaa. j
7:3Oa 10:4O a|10:20»
S:00a Fulton. «:35p.j 6:20 0
3:30 p 3:30 p I
Windsor. - J
T:30a 8:00 a Healdsburg-. 10:10 a 10:20 •
Lytton. J
8:30 p 3:30 p GerserriHe, 7:25 pf 6:20 a
Cloverdal«. |
7:30 at 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|lO:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Ufclah. | 7:33 p| 6:20 9
J I WUUtaand I |
7:30a|8:00a[ Sherwood. |-7:33 p| 6:20 g
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:2O ¦
8:30 p| 3:30 pj Guernevllle. | 7:35 pj (5:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al S:4Oa
5:10 p| 5:00 p! Gl«n Ellen. I 6:0G p| «:2O n
~7:3Oa| 8:00 al (10:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 pi 3:30 p| Sevastopol. | 7:35 p| C:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Sao
Quentln; M Santa Roea for Whita 3ulphuj
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton fo»
Lytton Springs ; at GeyservtUe for Skagg*
Springs: at CloTerdala for the Oey-ers. Boon*«
?111* and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncaa
Spring's. Highland Springs. KelseyrlUe. Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartleti
Springs and Lak» County Hot Springs; al
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Sprlngx
Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter SprlnrZ
Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day'a,
Riverside. Llerlr"*. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
' Heights. Hullvllla. Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
House. Comptene. Hopkins. Mendoctno City
Fort Bragg. Westport and ITsal: at Wiiuts foi
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sharwood for Foii
Bragg. Cahto. CoTelo. Laytonviiie. Camming-,
Belra Springs. Harris. Huhbard. Frultland,
Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotl»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
build Ins.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.-
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. SsbA rraaeiiao .-•.•SnBBBBBB-ta^ »fr*flcisc»
jaad»jr So3djLyi~Tk7^yr
— <*:2&A («^^a»» l:3Op *1O:5Oa
©:5Oa 9:5Oa \^^*^» 3:55p 3:53?
l:45p l;4g'p yffijj&lS' 6:2?p *~*clp8*^P*
S»tard»7» 4:35p yffir SitunUn 11: lip
*Tu Graritj far Y It Tua-ly-jj ta Mill TtCi;
I tICIlT J 650 Market St..( North Shore Railroad)
OinUS } and Sawauto Ferry, Foot Marks* Si.
Weekly Call $1 per Year
SOOOT AOT Bpm WAITTEP^
MAN and little girl would like room and
board in vicinity of Fillmore. Eddy or Turk
sts.; state terms. Uox 4749. Call office.
BOARD and room wanted by young man In
vc-getarian family. Address 8 Birch ave.
SPECIAI. NOTICES.
"THE Presidents"; lecture by Isaac Selby,
Wed. eve.. Franklin Hall. Fillmore st.; 26c.
VXAV1.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VI A VI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market,
cures: estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
S1AKIUAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Herbert M. Daly. 21, city, and Josephine M.
Morgard, IS, 231 VaJHy street.
John Keohane, 2S. 444 Brannan street, and
Bessie Hayes. 2tf, 126 Lily avenue.
David Fricdlander. 21. 2*97 Jackson street,
and Alicia L. Outflcy, 18. San Rafael.
Hi-nest H. Schroll, 2S, city, and Bothllde
Duus, 25, city.
Clae? V. Anderson. 30. 10 Washington street,
and Ida C. Peterron. 2(5. 400 Haight street.
Guiseppe Figone. 2(5. 12 Ohio street, and Iso-
lina Delucchi. 19. 5 Bartol street. \" ** ~ - •_'
Henry A. South worth. 24. Concord, ana
Daisy 1. Teed. 33. Trout Creek, N. Y.
Ansrelo Comalli. 34. Tomales, and'Margner-
ltta Kizzi. 25. Tomales.
Henry Blttel, 30, 776 Howard street, and
Josrphine Costa, 33. 770 Howard street. .
Carlo Pronsolino. 25. 511 Green street, and
Emiglla Laggomarsino 23. 511 Green street.
George Appell. 28. 1*14 Haight street, and
Miriam M. Levy. 2$. 1503 Turk street.
Richard F. Dawson. 33, 1< Hampton place,
and Martha M. Fly. Aromas.
Dic-trich Hritmann. 28. 2002 Harrison street,
and Dora Schneider, 20, 1041 Church street.
A If Ms G. Thelin. 34. S5« Eddy street, and
Lurnr.c Walters, 2H. San DIogo.
Arthur P. Field. :i4, Leicester, \t.. and
Jennie V. Oliver. 24. 416K Hyde street.
Mores Landwehr. 32, 70 Harriet street, and ;
CltK.ra Thau 21 70 Harriet street.
Edward h'. Renz. 21. 16lf California street, ,
Catherine A. Crowley. 21. 15GS Howard street.
Walter D. Culbertson. 24. Oakland, and Lot-
tie M Zuttt 22. Oakland. •
William A! Holmes. O. 316 Third street, and
May & Schnorenberg. 19. 616 1 Folsom street :
Carl G. Browne. 21, San Jose, and Fannie
B 'l 8 )avi 1 d li." MansonTW 304 Sutter street, and ;
Krama E. Hill. 20. S04 Sutter street. ,
BIRTHS— MARRIAuES^flEATHS.
in at either =f the publication offices and I b.
ndorsed with the name and res:dence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published
Notice. Ve»trl«ed simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence in this column
free of charce.
BORN'.
ARFSTEN— In this city. November 1. 1904. td
the wife of C. L. Arfsten. a son.
KILEY— In thts city. November o. 1904. to the
wife of Phil E. Kiley. a son.
MURRAY- In Sacramento. November 2. 1904,
to thf wife of William Murray (nee Farley),
a son.
Rom.NSON— In New York City. October 31,
1W4 to the wife of J. A. Robinson (for-
merl'y Elia Mosher). a son.
MARKLED.
JOHNSON— COUNCIL— In this city, Novem-
ber 5 1904 by the Rev. F. M. Larkln.
Janu* S. Johnson and Mary B. Council, both
of this city. ¦•-_"¦¦• ¦¦.
KLOTZBAUGH— THOMSON— In this city. No-
vember C. 1904. by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Waliie Klotzbaugh of Oakland and Nellie
Thomson of Alsmeda. Cak
PENDERGAST— BOWMAN— In this city. No-
vember 5, 1904, by the Rev/ F. M. Larkin,
Frank W. Pendergast and Eliza D. Bow-
man both of this city.
BTURZENEGGEH— VOGELSANGER— In this
city November C, 1904. by the Rev. J. H.
Schfoeder, Hans Sturzenegger and Mathilde
Vcgelsanger.
' VIED.
Anderson. Elizabeth Howe. Bessie A.
Barry James F. King. Arthur C.
Belknap, David P. Lohmeyer, William C.
Brown Jefferson C. Luttringer. Martin
Connelly. Thomas McCarthy. Patrick
Creighton Annie McKeown, John
Crowell Lottie A. MeQuald. Joseph P.
Daly Patrick Mah'.er. Frank
Dillon, Patrick Mlchau, Louis
Duff Lillian F. Miller. Alexander
Ehrlich Herman Moore, Arthur W.
Empey. William F. Mulcahy. Joanna
Ftnelius. Lottie M. Noycs. Richard B.
Forgie Robert | Schneider. Martin
Fowler. Eidridge M. Shea. Grace E. -. ¦¦¦ •-;.'
Freeman. Matilda Toothlll. Ellin M.
Friedrichs Wm. D. Volgt. Martin J.
Garland. Patrick Von der Nienburg. H.
Goff. Almon B. Weill. Adele
Hansen Margaret Wieland. George C.
Hanson. Charles *
ANDERSON— In thjs city. November C. 1904.
Elizabeth Brockway Anderson, mother of
Mrs. Lawrence Harkness, Mrs. A. B. Ham-
ilton and C. L. and the late Brockway An-
derson.
BARRY— In this city. November 7. 1904. Jamci
F . belcved son of George and Pearl Barry,
and grandson of Mrs. F. Moran and James
Barry, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 2 months and 13 days.
BELKNAP— In this city. November 5. 1904,
David P. Belknap, a native of New York,
City. N. Y.. aged 80 years.
CTFuneral services Tuesday. November 8,
at 10 a. m.. at his late residence. 2201
Fulton street.' Interment Odd Fellows*
Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city. November 5. 19C4. Jef-
ferson C. Brown. A member of Painters'
Union Local 19.
C7"Nctice of Funeral hereafter.
CONNELLY — In this city November 6. 1904,
Thomas Connelly, a native of Ireland, aged
3»i years. A member of Carpenters' Unian
No, 22.
C7"Remalns at the parlors of McFaddan,
McBreary & Green, 1171 Mission Btreet.
CREIGHTON — In this city. November 7, 1904.
Annie, dearly beloved wife of the late
Thomas Creighton. and mother of Margarette
' and Annie Crelghton. a native of Ireland.
CROWELL— In this city. November 7. 1904,
Lottie A., dearly beloved wife of Herbert
E. Crowell. beloved mother of Mrs. O;orge
Derrick, and mother-in-law of Mrs. Nellie
Powell. 'a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged
68 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fur/eral to-morrow
<Wedne*day). at 10 a. m.. from the parlors
of Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment Moun-
tain View. Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 a. m.
creek route boat.
DALY — In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 5. 1904, Patrick Daly, a native of
Ireland, aged 01 years.
DILLON— In this city. November 7. 1904. Pat-
rick Dillon, beloved father of James T., Pat.
rick F.. Richard J. and the late Rose A.
and Mary T. Dillon, and brother of, Richard
Dillon of Nevada City and John Dillon and
Ellen Bonney of New York, a native of Ire-
land, aged •;" years 7 months and 13 days.
(Grass Valley. Nevada City and New York
¦ City papers please copy.)
Cb^Frieods and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Wedneeday). at 7:45 a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness ave-
nue. Interment Santa Clara on arrival of
the 9 o'clock train from San Francisco.
DUFF— In this city. November 5, 1904 Lillian
F.. dearly beloved and youngest child of
John and Jennie Duff, and loving sister of
John Duff, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 7 months.
E7Funeral and Interment strictly private.
EHRLICH— In this city November 3, 1904,
Herman Ehrlich. a native of Germany aged
45 years. A member of Carpenters' Union,
Local 22.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. November K. 1904 at 1 p m at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 ailssion street,
near Twenty-nrst. Interment I O O F
Cemetery. x ...
E^! PEY^ In i hIs clty - November 6. 1904 Wil-
liam Fletcher beloved husband of Fann e
f_V E^ e _ V - W^ of W1I!lam c - ™d the
iratia^ea^yefr.^' * """^ " ***•
(Tuesday), at 1:30 p. m.. from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery^
streets, where tervices will be held und«
the auspices of Oriental Lodge No 144 £
and A. M Interment Cypress La wn <£ *;
tery by electric funeral car leaving E'gh?I
eenth and Guerrero streets at S-15 n m
FENELIUS— In this city. November 6 mru
Lottie May Fenellus. dearly beloved dai.VW'
ter of Otto and ChrUtlne Fenellus ; and fl_"
ter of Adolph. Alfred and Eddie and the fate
Frank Fenelius and Mrs. A. A, HtrnrnM
native of San Francisco. ""rgott. a
E7"Friends and acquaintances are resn^t
fully Invited to attend the funeral service;
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO!
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2339-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth. '
" San Francisco.
..James McGinn. Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn ¦ Bros. I
Funeral Directors and Embalmers—— I
214 Eddy st. Tel. South 576. |
EOOaiS TO IiET — gnxn. and Pnlnrn.
OA^KT~4-T~near Market— Large sunny nicely
furnished front parlor to let.
O'FARRELL. r.56— Sunny furnished room:
c.u'.et block; near business center. _____
OTARRELU f.71— Newly furnished sunny
room, suited for 2; private residence.
OFARRELU 702-Extra large parlor, new-
lv furnished, sunny .ctntral. suitable for
doctor's, dentist's office or profeeslonal
palmist.
OFAKRELL 13U5 — New eunny corner suite;
«1<S.
PAOFir ave.. IMS — Large well furnished front
and rear rooms for gentlemen: rent $12. 810.
PINE J7G."i, dote in. nr. Van Ness— Elwrantly
furnished in red cr IjIup, with all modern
convenience: phone, etc.; prlv. fam.; cheap.
POPT. !>C2— Sunny front room*: water, gas.
phone; $8 month: rf«r rooms t5 month.
POPT 951— Two large sonny rooms to let;
newly furnished. Call after 2 p. m.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12« EM*— Incandescent lights:
readirg-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lcr: room* per night. .T5c to $1 50; week. 12
to *S; month. t~i to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; batht.
SACRJkJCEXTO). 1611 — Neat snd sunny room;
also rear room: private family: gentleman.
TEHAMA. 72— Pleasant furnished rooms to
let.
TEHAMA. 217 — Rooms suitable for worklnp-
mer. or girls; cheap; housekeeping If desired.
THE ST. ~K~ATHRYN. CORNER" ELLIS AND
LHAVENWORTH ST6.— POSITIVELY THE
RUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIK MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. "TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR j
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK. j
THE Lsrchmcnt. Sfil Sutter— New brick bldg..
flr.ely furnished; hot. cold water, steam heat, j
privilege to baths: $2 SO to $5 per week. j
TURK. R35— Two connecting rooms lor lsdy; j
private family: choice location; no signs; $10; j
references exchanged. j
UNITED STATES. 123 EdSy. near Market — 400 .
rooms 35c to $1 r.'.ght. *1 75 to $6 week; elec- |
trie lights (no its*), running water in every j
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus. baFgage.
VALENCIA. 210— Large sunny room; privaU
iamlly; call Sunday or evenings.
* _^^_____ j
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d «st.. near Market— :
Most convenient and respectable: 70rt rooms; !
25c to Jl 50 r.lghtly; 12 to $8 week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage, j
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
fumUhed rooms for 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms. 50c per night.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- i
tlcn of advertisements and subscriptions has •
been opened at 1008 M.rket St.. opposite '
Fifth. Open until 11 p ra. :
BOOMS^ATrDMBOABD^ i
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031. nr. Jefferson Park
— Baanjr rooms; bath; private house; good i
board; f2<\ f23: two. $32, $36 month. ]
HOTEX COMORA. €21 O'Farrell— 2 south sin- '
_-le, 2 sunny suites, with hath; superior ;
table; billiards. :
POWELL. £16. cpp. Hotel Falrmount— Ele- I
gantly fur. eur.ny rooms, en suite or single; .
excellent board; refined family; marine view.
W;.\TED — Refined young lady to share apart- '
ment pmmt with musical student. Box 4531, ¦
Call effle*.
EDDY. 722 — Elegant parlor suite, with board; ',
all modern improvements.
ELLIS. 4.'»3— Fine furnished rooms, with best ,
of French table board.
HAIGHT. 332— Large sunny suite; running
water; grate: second floor: corner house.
"KOTKL MCALLISTER." Van Ness and Mc-
Allister — 1 tunny single or 2 choice suites.
HOWARD. K41A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family, i
LARGE double room, with board for two; $50; j
hot wster. 30C Leavenworth st.
NICELY furnished sunny front room, with
board 4€f.A Minna st.
ROOM and board; reasonable. 304 Steiner I
street.
Etevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex, I
807 California — See rm«. learn prieee.try table, j
TURK. 11T.3— Nice large furnished room for 2
or " gT.Uemen. with beard; reasonable.
' — ~— ~ ' '
3LEPA& JOTICES.
CUSTOM-HOl'SE, SAN FRANCISCO~cXl".
NOVEMBER 7. !«>*— NOTICE TO CLAIM-
ANTS— Notice is hereS.y plven that the fol-
lowing described merchandise has been seized
at this port for violation of the L'ttited States
revenue laws, to wit: 1 tea s^t. April «.
l'MXi; I woolen shawl Aug. 2<i IW3- 50
cipars. Oct. 12, ltW3; 70 cigars, Oct. 17, 1003-
JH> cigarettes; I pkg. tobacco; 1<J pcs. mfg.
ben*?. Ctrt. _ii, lfKtt; 4 doz. cups and saucers;
2 porcelain vases; 25 ladies' purses; 1 pkg
clparettes. Nov. 6. 15*03; 150 cigars Nov 13
1UU3; 30 silk caps, Nov. 13, iao3; 2 silk
thawls; 500 cigars. Nov. 13, l»03; 4«i cigars.
Nov. 24. 1<KT>; 6 silk shawls. Nov. 20 1903;
:$» silk handkerchiefs: 24 bottles champagne,
Nov. 24. 1903; 12 bottles champagne. Dec. 1. '
VMtt; :i embd. silk shirt waists. D?c 10
19ai; 4 embd. silk nightgowns; 1 emM silk
shawl; V2 col. silk hdkfs.; 11 embd.' silk
h<Jkf«.; 21 white silk hdkfs.: 24 white silk
liiikfs.; 54 cilk flags; 1&00 cigars. Dec. 14,
IWiS: 2 cs. 4000 bottles essential oil Dec 22
1903; 1 pc. cloth, Dec. 23. 1»<W; 3 bottles
Kan&nca water. Jan. 12, li*O4; 3 boxes toilet
powder; 2 bottles perfume : 2 cakes soap- 75
cipars. Jan. 12. I9CH; 350 cigars, Jan. ' 27,
1H04; 100 clears. Jan. 27. 1»'I4; 22 silk caps
Jan. 2S. 1UG4J 24 silk caps; 2 emM. silk
ehawls. Feb. 25, 1904; HOo cigars Feb 29
1U04: 33 embd. rllk shawls. March 14 i'jO4-
2 col. silk shirts; 24 embd. silk hdkfs.; 24
embd. col. silk hdkfs. ; 61 hemstitched silk
hdkfs.; 100 cigars. March 19. 19O4- 100
ciparfs. March 19. 1904; 2 doz. silk hdkfs.,
March 19, 1&04: 4 silk coats of arms. March
1«. 1904: 250 cigars. March 24, 1904; 12 silk
cap*: «0 flags: 2 bolts woolen cloth. April 1
ISKI4: 20 5-tael boxes prepd. opium, April 2.
1904: 610 .cigars. April g. 1904; 32 lace doll-
ies. Ajr!I 2-S, l«04; 300 cigar*. May 16 1904-
S Palmetto hats. June 4, I!K)4- C50 cigars
June *. 1!X>4: 2 Panama hats. Juiv 20. 1U04-
2 cs. medicine. June 23, 1904; 300 cigars July '
K. 1904; 2 silk embd. centerpieces. July 2.
. I!**; 1 pilk embd. piano cover; 1 silk efhbd
table cover; 2 pr. silk embd. portlers- 2
Jikps. cigarettes, Jun? 15, 1004; 48 silk caps
July 11. lf»04; 3 silk shawls and 12 silk caps'
July 20. ir*O4; 1 embd. silk shawl July 2S i
1!K>4: 2 silk shlrt«. July 27. 1JHM; 2 embd. I
*ilk shawls; 4 silk hdkfs. ; 3- doz -Ilk hdkfs '
July It*. 1&04: 1 silk shawl; 50 cigars Aug! I
fi. 1VKM; 1 silk embd. kimono. June 18 1904- ;
2 liottles bay rum, June 20. I'jo4- \ p C giiw'
Aug. 22. lSKM; \ pkg. silk. Aug. 22 ' 1904-
1 'lor. dollies. Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pc. silk- 1 !
pillow cover; 1 pr. stockings; 1 dressing
gown: 1 album. Aug. 22. i:>04; 2 bolts pon- !
pte silk. Aug. 22. 1804; 1 pc. drawn work:
2 j>es. embd.; 1 bolt pongee silk. Aug. 22.
19O4: 1 pk*. lace. embd. and Jewels Aug '
22. l»O4; 1 smoking Jacket. Aug 22 1904-
I fhlrt wai«: 1 purse; 1 pc. embd grass
rlcth. Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pkg. silk embd., Aug
22. 1904; 6 emM. center pcs.. Aug. 22 lft(»4-
1 os china. Aug. 22. 1904; 1 pkg. silk goods'
Aug. 22. 1S04: I pkg. pongee silk. Aug. 22.
l»04; 200 cigars. Aug. 22. 19O4; I pc silk
Aug. 22. 1804; 2 shirt waists; 3000 clears
Aug. 22. lfiO4: 1 tea set. Aug. 22. l»04- 3
pcs. silk; 3 ehawls: 3 silk embd. hdkfs.; 1
dressing gown, Aug. 22. 1904: 1 bolt cotton
crepe; 1 cs. china. Aug. 22. 1904; 1 cs. china
Aug. VS., 1904; 1 ca. china. Aug. 22. 1904 '•
3 silk •hlrts. Sept. 1. 19<H; 3 embd. silk
shawls; 14 silk caps; 1 tea sot, Sept. 13
ltt)4; 1 bolt linen, Sept. 13. 1JKM; 1 tea set.
Kept. 13. 19O4; 1 pr. dec. paneln: 1 bolt silk
R»>pt. IS. 19O4; 1 bolt pon-ee silk. Sept. 13.
19O4; 4 wooden combu, Bept. 13. 19O4; I pkg.
metal p'ns; 1 pkg. silk remnants and thread;
J* vr%. Chinese wearing appl. ; 1 pc. «Mc
rloth: Z2 pes. Chines* wearing appl.. Sept
13. 1WH: 1 tea set, fc'ept. 13, 1904- 1 bolt
pongee silk, Sept. 13. 1904; 1 embd. silk
kimono: 2 carved wooden figures. Sept. 13
1901; 1 enitxJ. silk cushion cover; 1 bolt
»rrawi «'loth; 2 embd. silk cushion covers.
p.-j.i. 13. 19O4; 1 embd. silk sash; 1 bolt
•silk. S-pt. 16. 19O4; I «nbd. silk cushion
f-over, Sept. 19, 1904; 2 tapestry pictures.
Pppt. ID, 1904; 1 tea set. Sept.- 19. 1904- 1
wooden cabinet, Fe:»t. 21, 1904; 2 wicker
chairs. 6«>pt. 21, 1904; 20 silk caps* Sept. 24.
Ift'i4: 5 embd. silk hdkfs.: 2 embd. silk
rhawls; 160 due. -ilk fans. Kf-i.t. 26 1904- 1
tea mrt, Ort. 8. 1904; 3 embd. silk shawls.
Oct. 7, 1904; 3 embd. silk shawls; 6 silk
hflkfs. : 6 white silk hdkfs.: 2 silk shirts:
1 I*-. Bilk. Oct. 7. 1904; 1 embd. silk coat of
arms: 138 cigars. Oct. 6. 1904; 10 5-tael bxs.
prpp. opium. Oct. 10. 1904; 1 sack coat, Oct.
10. 1004: 1 top coat: 1 vest; 1 pr. trousers;
S6 prs. men's hose; 24 men's undershirts; 12
prs. men's drawers; 3 pcs. silk; 11 Bilk capa.
Oct. 12. 1904; ft silk shirts; 3 embd. silk
crowns: 2 embd*. silk Jackets. Oct. 12. 1904:
12 embd. silk shawls; 3tt silk hdkfs. ; 29
embd. silk hdkfs. : 1 cs. mf. wood and photo-
cra.r>hs. Oct. 12. 1904; 2 cm. dec. china, Oct.
14. 19O4; 50 pcs. cotton cloth, Oct. 14, 1304;
I tea set. Oct. 15. 1904; 1 porcelain vase;
M4 pkKi. Chines* playing cards. Oct. 15,
1&04; 2 pee. «mbd. wearing apparel; 1 cs.
dec china, Oct. 15. 1904; 9 coats of arms.
Oct. 21. 1904; 2 pictures; 3 cs. dee. china.
Oct. 21. V»04: 1 eatsuma plate. Oct. 22, 1904;
375 cigars. Oct. ?6. 1004: 1 silk tabl* cover:
*l silk dollies; 12 rllk hdkfs.; 1 pkg. cloth,
O<t. 2fl. 1904; 1 pc- woolen roods, Oct 28.
1904; 36 eilk cap". July 1. lfKM: 100 cigars.
Sept. 1. 1904; I'.ffl cigars. Sept. 1. 1904. All
persons claiming; the above described mer-
chandise, or any part thereof, are requested
to appear and fll< claim* of ownership with
the undersigned within twenty <20) days
f|iom the first publication of this notice,
otherwise the same will be sold at public
auction according to law. after due notice
being riven. W. B. HAMILTON. Special
Dep. Collector. j
Tuesday, November 8 at 3 p. m., at her
late residence, 2810B Howard street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. '
FORGIE— In Oakland November 6, 1904. Rob-
ert Edward, beloved son of Grace and Rob-
ert Forgie. a native of Oakland, aged • 6
months and 2 days.
FOWLER— In Pasadena November 7. 1004,
Eldrldge M.. husband" of Margaret Brewer
Fowler, and father of Mrs. Arthur Fleming:
and Kate Grosvenor Fowler.
FREEMAN— In this city. November 6. 1904,
Matilda Freeman, a native of County Wick-
low, Ireland, aged S3 years.
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). - at 8:45 a. m.. from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St.* Patrick's Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRIEDRICHS— In San Rafael. November 6.
1904. William D. Frledrichs. dearly beloved
husband of Eda Friedrlchs (nee Mehrtens).
youngest and beloved ion of H. Friedrlchs,
and brother of Henry B. Friedrlchs, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years 8 months
and 23 days. ,
CETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his father. 739 Treat avenue, be-
tween Twehtieth and Twenty-flrst streets,
thence to St. Paulus' German Evangelical
Lutheran Church, corner of Eddy and Cough
streets, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 1:30 p. m.
GARLAND— In this city. November 6, 1901,
Patrick Garland, beloved brother of Mrs.
Kate Keenan. and uncle of Mrs. William
Murphy and Kitty Keenan, a native of
County Louth, Ireland, aged 56 years.
tC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a
rjqulem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hU soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOFF— In this city. November 7 1904. Almon
B. Goff. beloved husband of Ella M. Goff.
and father of Almon B., Lottie M..and Edna
Goff, Mrs. Eunice Grifflth and Mrs. Ella
Phillips, a native of New York. A member
of Valley Lodg* No. 30, A. O. U. W.
(C3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral Wednes-
day, at 2 p. m., from the parlors of Porter
& White. 423 Golden Gate avenue. Remains
can be viewed at his late residence. 116 Fell
street, until Wednesday noon. Interment
Cypress I,awn Cemetery via electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HANSEN— In this city. November C, 1904,
Margaret, beloved wife of Jacob Hansen, and
mother of Charles and John H. Nelson Mrs.
J. P. Kerr. Mrs. M. Garrlgan. Mrs. W. J.
Denehy. Mrs. P. Savage and the late Edward
Nelson, a native of Carrig-on-Shannon,
County Leltrlm, Ireland.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. November 0. 1904. at 9 a. m.. from her
late residence. U3.S Chestnut street, thence
to St. Francis Church, where at 9:30 a. m.
sharp a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ; . -:.;
HANSON— In this city. November 5, 1904,
Charles Hanson, a native of Germany, aged
79 years.
HOWE— In this city November 7. 1904, Bes-
sie A., beloved wife of Albert M. Howe, and
mother of Mrs. R. S. Moore, a native of
Massachusetts.
(CTFuneral strictly private.
KING — In Berkeley November 5 1904 after a
brief Illness. Arthur C. King, formerly of
Chicago and Detroit, aged 51) years.
ICTInterment Detroit.
LOHMEYER— In this city. November 7, 1904.
William C, dearly beloved son of John C.
and Caroline Lohmeyer. and brother of Ed-
ward. Alice and Laura Lohmeyer. a native
of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 34 years and 7
months.
LUTTRINGER— In this city, November 7.
l»04, Martin Luttringer. a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city. November C. 1904,
Patrick McCarthy, a native of Ireland, aged
20 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's
Union are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 a. ra.,
from the parlors of McFadden. McBrearty &
Green. 1171 Mission street, between. Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEOWN— In this city November 7. 1901.
John McKeown. beloved husband of Winifred
McKeown. father of John H.. Ruth nnd
Charles McKeown. and brother of Charles
and Hecter McKeown and Mrs. Bell: Gar-
vin, a native of Ireland, aged 00 years.
A member of Yerba Buena Lodge No 15.
I. O. O. F.. and Prosperity Lodge No. 3GU,
A. O. U. W.,and Engineers' Union. (Chi-
cago, 111., and Cushlndall papers please
copy.) •
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Weanes-
day. November », luirt, at 12 m. from his
late residence. 410 Elizabeth street thence
to I. O. O. F. Hall. Market and 'Seventh
; streets, where services will ' be held at 1
j p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
: by electric funtral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2 p. m.
! McQUAID-^In Fresno. November 6 1904 Jo-
; seph P., beloved husband of Mary McQuaid
beloved son of John and the late Mary Mc-
Quaid. and brother of Frank Mary. John,
Thomas and Margaret McQuaid and Mrs.
William J. Carey, a native of Smartsville,
Yuba County. Cal.. aged 40 years 3 months
and 27 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. :t55 Haight fltreet. thence to Sacred
Heart Church. Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul com-
mencing at »:.J0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . , -
MAHLER— In this city. November fl, 1904,
Frank ..lahler. a native of Dlttlghelm. Ba-
den Germany, aged 54 years. A member
of Sued-Deutscher Verein and San Francisco
Lodge No. fc8. International Association of
Machinists. v
CTFrlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Sued-Deutscher Verein are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m.. from, thp parlors of
Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St Boniface's
Church. Golden Gate avenue near Jone3
streev for services. A requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
to-morrow (Wednesday), commencing at 8
a. m., at above church. Friends are in-
vited to attend. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MICHAU— In this city November 5 1904
Louis Mlchau. beloved husband of Mar-
gueritte Michau. and stepfather of Albert
i Callc.e. a native of France, aged 53 ytars
and 4 months.
i CTFriends and acquaintances are reHbect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
November 8. 1904. at 10 a. m., from the
mortuary chapel of Julius 8. Godeau 3C5
: Montgomery avenue, thence to French
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
CemeteVy. Remains at the parlors of J S
Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. • '
MILLER— In the City and County Hospital
j November 7, 1004. Alexander Miller a native
! of Germany, aged CO years.
j MOORE— In this city, November 6, 1934
Arthur Weld Moore, beloved husband of
| Annie M. Moore, a native of Boston, aged
1 55 years and 11 months. (Boston, Mass.,
papeis please copy.)t
; CTThe funeral will be held from his late
residence, 2520 Pacific avenue, TuVsday
i morning, November 8. at 11 o'clock In-'
! terment private.
j MULCAHY— In this city. November C, 1904,
Joanna, beloved wife of the late Lott Mul-
cahy. mother of William. Michael and
Helena Mulcahy and Mra. M. F. Nolan, and'
sister of Mrs. T. B. Roche, a native of St.
John. N. B., aged 81 years and 6 months.
| (E7The funeral will take place Wednesday
I November 9. 1904. at 8:30 a. m. t from her
late residence. 24 Henry street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mare will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. 'm. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I NOYES — November 7. 1DC4. Richard B. Noyes
a native of Massachusetts
! SCHNEIDER— In this city. November 6 1904
i Martin Schneider, beloved father of Mrs R.
i S. Logan. Mrs. M. F. Cowden of Seattle
Mrs. H. J. Slmmen. E. W. Schneider. Mrs.
L. A Gonzalez and Miss May Schneider a
native of Germany, aged 60 years 8 months
and C days. A member of San Francisco
Turn Verein, Germania Lodge No 1718 K .
i of-H.. and Garment Cutters' Union. Local
¦ C7Frlends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m., from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. R. S. Logan 2938
Steiner street, near' Union, thence to 'San.
Francisco Turn Vercin Hall, 323 Turk street
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of the San Francisco Turn Verein
! commencing at 2 p. m. Interment I O O*
j F. Cemetery. ....
1 SHEA — In this city, November 6 1904 ' Grace
j E. Shea, beloved wife of John Shea and
I sister of Marvin Petty, a native of Stock-
1 ton. Cal.. aged 21 years.
! iCT Remains at the funeral parlors of
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street R«-
malns will be shipped Tuesday at _"-30 to
Stockton. Interment Stockton. -
TOOTHILL— Xn this city. November ¦ 7 1904
Ellen M.,' dearly beloved wife of. 'Albert
Toothlll. and sister of Richard H Edward
and Elsie Hamshar and the late 'Mrs G
Edwards, a native of London. England "ae-ed
30 years 7 months and 27 days * ' g M
VOIGT— In this city. . November 6, 1904 Mar-
tin Jacob, beloved husband of Cella ' Volet
and father of Fred M.. John George Edith"
Margaret and Cecelia Volgt. a native 'of Ger-
many, aged 58 years. , -. " •
VON DER NIENBURG— In San Bernardino
County. Cal.. November 3. 1904 " H -A von
der Nlenburg. beloved son of the la'te Cath
erine.M. and P. N. von der : Nlenburg and
brother of Mrs. G. Bulter. Mrs. ¦Q-SchroSi ¦
er. Mrs. Hillebrand. W. A.' von "der NMen
burg. Mrs. Ida A. M Mangel,. M«. Joha____
5°*" 5 n V he late Ml T E - Schumann and
Mrs. H. Botger. a native of Hanover.* Ger-
many, aged 36 years 2 months and 24 d«v- '
(New York papers please copy.) y»*=»-
BVFriends and acquaintances ar. res»ect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
November 8 at 2 p. 'm. from Union-square
Hall. 421 Post_«treet between Powell and
Mason, where services" will be held under the
auspices of Germania Club. Remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 > Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
WEILL — In Bakersfleld. November 6. 1004,
Adele. beloved daughter of Alphonse and
Henrietta Weill . and beloved sister of
Blanche, Irma and Laurence Werill. a native
w of San Francisco aged 17 years.
E?" Interment Tuesday, November 8. 1904,
at Home of Peace Cemetery, by electrlo
funeral car from the ferry at 9 a. in.
"W1ELANT)— In this city November 6. 1904.
George C, beloved husband of Annie Wie-
land. and loving father of George and Al-
bert Wieland and Annie, .Charles and Fred
Detjen. a native of Germany, aged 45 yean
and 1C days, a member of Beer Brewers'
Union. Ijocal No. 7.
ETFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). November 8 at 2 p. m... from his
late residence, 226 Thirteenth street, be-
tween Mission and Howard. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.Dried Fraits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey. .
There is nothing new tn th» situation: The
Nevada Honey is still piled up, waiting for
buyers. Nuts are firmly held and in fair de
mand. Fruits are .quiet and steadily held,
with not much stock left. It is reported that
the greater part of the Prune crop has now
passed - out of growers' hands and quotations
for this product are rather firm than other
wise, though prices are still low. There is
nothing; new in Raisins, which are 'still un
settled, with quotations not very well defined.
The carry-over has all been sold, as previously
stated, and a great part of this year's output
likewise
FRUITS — New crop— Apricots, ' 794 @10o for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines,
C*4@7Vic for White and 6*4@'o for Red;
Peaches, "H@SHc per lb; Pears, 7012c;
Plums.) - pitted, -6®«Hc for black. 7%@S**e
tor red and 7®8*4c for yellow; -. Figs, 2-crown
bricks 5Cc; 3-crown, 55c: 4-crown, 60c; ¦ 6
crown" 65c;-bulk white. 2%®3c; black, S*4c-
Kvaporated Apples, 5®7c per lb.
PRUNES — l«B©l%ic per lb for the four sizes
and 2*4c basts for the 'large sizes. .'
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im-'
perial clusters. $2 2502 60; Dehesa. |1 30@l 35;
London Layers. 85c@$l 10; Loose Muscatels, 4
crown, 4*.4c: 3-crown, 3%c; . 2-crown, 3Uc;
Seeded. 4©5*4c; Thompson's Seedless, 4*ic;
Seedless Sultanas 3Vic per lb. r-i
NOTS^ — New Walnuts, , No. 1 softshell, 12®
12*4c; No. 2, 10@10*4c; No. 1 ¦ hardshell, 12c;
No 2 10c- Almonds,' 16@17c for Nonpaiiels
14@14*4c for I X L. 13©14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie- for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6#7c for
Eastern: .Pecans, ll®13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5;
Chestnuts, 8®12',4c per lb for California and
12*4©14c for Italian. ..
HONEY — Comb.ll*4@13c for white and 10@
lie for- amber; water, white extracted. 5*4@
6c: light amber extracted, "5® 5% c; dark, a®
4%c. ¦ :-"¦¦•;-. ¦ ¦ ".- ¦ -' ¦¦ • • -
• BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
CHICAGO BOAKD OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7. — The visible supply of
grain Saturday, November 5, as compiled by
the New York Produce exchange, was as fol
lows: . .
Bushels. Decrease. Increase.
Wheat ....23.362.000 1,827,000
Corn 2,386,000 661,000
Oats 24,563,000
Rye 1,557.000 216,000
Barley 6.149,000 2,600 ...
Visible Grain Supply.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
\>w York Money Market.
jEW YORK. Nov. 7.— Close: Money on
¦teady at 2fe2V 4 per cent, closing bid
'...erwj J. Der cent. Time loans, steady
Jhj days and six months, 3*s@4 per
Prime mercantile paper. 4^4«4 per cent.
exchange, steady, with actual busi
aerw |n bankers' bills at ?4.804C^i4.8643 for
<i'-pand and eX $4.fc35O$54.S3r.5 for <X>-day bills
'• : rates. H.M4«4>7
< v <rr.mercial bills, $4.S3';g4.S3«..
liar filver. r.*c.
jj--i.ican dollar*. 46Uc.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds.
erm "
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7— Last week's pre
etection '-onset vat i*m in Wall street was marj
• ' >t to-day only in a somewhat contracted vol-
UR-,e <)J LusinfSK. the aggregate nhares sold
...... in* slightly below th-» previous smallest
'¦•••J store before the middle of October, when
;< market took on its greatest volume. As
..;•¦ inc pnre movement, it disclosed an *m
jhatic oxs^otation of higher prices and an
enlarged VmbUc demand after the hesitation
Gir t.. tfc'- election had been cleared up. The
expectation, so far as It was regiMTed in
th* fiz/*a transact innsf. was very largely pro
i-ssior-al and particularly traceable to the pow
t.-fu! spe'-uiatlve forces which have arted in
conr~»rt in the leadership of the market for
•oice time i«.rt. But the movement became
¦o f>mi>re.hens1ve and the demamd was so
»l<Jel>- disseminated a* to forbid the attribut
ing or u wholly to concentrated speculative
Jorc-es In the *ariy part of the day the rail
rnaas hung back and were inconspicuous and
while they did not fully retrieve their posi
tion of relative importance in the market,
th*re »-u a sufficient recovery in the day's
•trength by the railroads to restore the bal
ance o' the market. The great transcontinen
tal Ff-reks mvre leaders in this department —
Bt. Ptu!. Ur.lon Pacific. Missouri Pacific and
¦At<-fcjson lfadinr in the order named. But
Fains were greater, transactions *-ere Ianrer
end the number of !wum d*-alt in much higher
n Uw- Industrial d*-i«rtm^nt. in accordance
«1th the ussfrtionp freely distributed from the
r.t-au jusrtf-rg of the speculative parties that
th" principal intrrrst tn the market was to
jh;?t to thsi in^uxtrtal* for the future. The
I. nltfcd States -i . . ; stock* were the feature of
th'- ivhol* market and other Iron and steel In
«UFtn#* nharwj in the attention given to them.
Tb«- <-har«ct^r of the market cannot toe better
.n<licate<J than by a eamrle list of stocks of
the industrial combinations and corporations,
v-fcich rnv from 1 to 3 points in th- -course
of the day's trading: Amalgamated Copper,
>nyrlcan Locomotive, American Smelter. G*>n-
BteCtXte, the Preswd Steel Car stocks. th«
Republic Iron and Steel stocks. Tennessee
CnaJ and Iron. Rinw-EheffUrld Steel. tb« Anerl
ran Fte^l Foundries stock, the irnited States
Fter. rtockE. the I'nited States Castlron Pipe
Ftorki.. \ ircinia-Carolina Chemical.^ AUls-
Chalmers. Cotton Oil. Sugar. Ice. Corn Pro
ducts, International Paper. National Enamel
ing, Assof-ian-d Merchants. Union Bag and
Paper end American Tobacco. The buying
was avowedly based on the assumption that
the revival and improvement In the country
have not ar. >»t had adequate expression' In
the securities market, that the pacing of the
Pre«!d»r:Uai oontfrt will bring rmowM specu
lation in Mocks and that the speculative pref
erence will now turn to indunrial securities
on account cf the length to which the rise in
railroad flocks has already gone. The usual
profit-taking on th* day's rise cost something
to the extreme high level of prices, but the
decline was checked and th* price level partly
rertored b:-fore the market clo<*d. " '
Bonds were - Brm. Total eales, par value
$8.475.000.. ¦ ." A
I'nited States bonCs, m erW unchanged on
call.
E. F. Hutton * Co.. 490 California street.
Ban- Francisco, members of the New York
Etock Exchange, furnish the following official
ceotatlcnf of that Exchange:
6a!e«. f Storks— THlgblLow.l Bid. I Ask.
lAdams Expre«r.| | |240 (245
NEW YORK, Nov. 7. — The London tin mar
ket, meeting with speculative liquidation, was
lower, closing at £131 12s 6d for spot and
£131 for futures. Locally the market was a
shade lower in sympathy, but showed a good
undertone with spot quoted at from $28 75^-29.
Copper was higher in London with spot quoted
at £63 Is 3d and futures at £63 lls 3d. ' Lo
cally the market was also firm and higher.
Lake, 13.8"W8UA2y,c; most of the large deal
ers holding for the outside prices; electrolytic
is held at 13.S7*4@14c and casting at 13.32%
©14c.
Lead was higher In London, where it closed
at £12 16s 3d. Locally the market was un
changed with spot quoted at 4.20@4.5Oc.
Spelter closed at £23 17s 6d In London and
at 5.20@5.4Oc In the local market.
Iron closed at 51s 6d In Glasgow and at 45s
10*4d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed.
New York Metal Market,
EASTERS MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
• LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 84*4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — . 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 68
Mexican Dollars 45*4 @ 4S
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 6.15%
New York on Mexico 215>-s
Paris on London 25.12
Berlin on London 20.35
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot rates are large
ly nominal, at about 20@21s 3d, usual Euro
pean options, though a French ship haa Just
J>een taken a t 20s from Portland. The char
tered wheat fleet In port, has a registered ton
naze of 30,557, against 27,000 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged, 89,640 tons,
against 136,180; on the way to this port,'207,
000 tons, against 187,800. •
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firm and
Paris futures weak. The world's shlpjments
for the week were as follows. In quarters:
Russian, 646.000; Danubian, 20,000; Argentine,
109.000; Indian, 811. 0CO;' Australian 64,000.
Chicago was quieter than of late, but light
receipts and continued dry weather caused
firmness. ¦ • ¦ ;
The San Francisco market showed little
change. Futures were ; firmer, but business
was light. The cash grain was steady and
without feature. There will be no session of
the Exchange to-day — Election day
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4.V U 1 32*4; California
.White Australian, $1 5o@l 62Va; Northern
Club, $1 45@1 52*4; Northern Bluestem, $1 60
@1 62*4 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open.. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 45»4 1 45% . 1 45% 1 45»1
May 1~*»% 1 4~>y* 1 46% 1 47£
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$146Vi H6U 1 469, 146%
May 1 47V4 1 *"Vi 1 47% 1 47%
BARLEY — Both futures and cash grain were
quiet and more or less weak, and the latter
was a fraction lower. Receipts were free, ex
ceeding 10,000 ctls.
CASH BARLEY. .
Feed, $1 05@l 11 U: Brewing and Shipping.
$1 15®1 17*4: Chevalier. $1 17*4^,1 22*4 per
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30»a. m. -
Open. .. High. \ Low. Clow.
December ..$1 OOVi 1 00*4 1 08U : 1 09%
May 109 109 109 1 CO
2 p. m. session. ~
Open. . High. Low. Close.
December :.$109 109. 109- 109
.May. no sales; $1 08*4 bid, $1 08 % asked.
OATS — The demand for ¦ seed is good and
for local milling and feeding fair. Quotations
are unchanged. Offerings are ample for all
current needs. . • ¦
White, $1 40@l 56*4 r Surprise, $1 65©1 60;
Red for feed, $1 32*~4@1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22*4@1 80 for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42K..©1 50; Black. $1 3001 35 for feed and
$1 4r.f< 1 60 for seed.
CORN — Western has been coming In at a
lively rate recently, and yesterday the re
ceipts of this description were 3600 ctls. ' It
is all needed, for stocks are comparatively
light. Prices show .no chance and the mar
ket continues steady.'
Western sacked, $1 45(91 30 for Yellow.
$1 45&1 50 for White and $1 43 for Mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 45@1 50; small
round do. $1 65® 1 62*4; White. , nominal:
Egyptian. $1 35@il 45 for White and $1 2T»@
1 30 for Brown.
RYE — Rules firm, with light offerings, at
$1 37%@l 42*4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
Ctl. •; : - - ' ¦.
Flour and JUlllstuffs.
-The millers report a fair demand for Flour
and Farinaceous goods at unchanged quota
tions. " '¦ ••"-•. " » ' * '
FLOUR. — California. Family Extras, $4 80®
S 10,' usual- terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages • are as
follows: Graham Flour. : $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 60; extra cream do. $3 6O;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat. Groats. $4 25; Hominy.
$3 60®3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 75: Farina, $4: "Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls, $0 75Q7 60; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 60; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
. Hay continues weak and dull. : Receipts yes
terday were 908 tons, including 87 cars. Prices
are unchanged. ¦-.-._¦. . ¦ .¦- . •
The Bran market has recovered from. Us! re-
CITRUS FRUITS^ — Oranges, Navels, $308 50
per box; Seedlings. $2; Valencias (old crop).
f3 50©4; Lemons. $2 50®« for fancy, $1 75@
2 25. for choice and $1 25@1 60 fcr standards:
Grape Fruit, $2 2593; Mexican Limes, $ t'.fj 50
per case; Bananas, $2@3 per bunch for Central
American and 75c®$2 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $2 S0®4 per dozen.
FIGS— Nominal.
GRAPES— Table varieties, 60®80o for crates,
804?50o for small boxes and ?1 25^1 75 for open
boxes.
APPLES— $1 3501 60 for extra fancy. $1®
1 25 for ordinary fancy, B0@90c for choice and
25<j?40c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellis, $1©1 25 per box;
cooking varieties, 40@75c per box.
PERSIMMONS — 50@85c per box.
POMEGRANATES — 50@60o for small and $1
©1 75 for large boxes. .
QUINCES— 20®40c per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES — t©7c per ib.'-fcpSHS
CRANBERRIES — Eastern. $S@8 50 per bbl
for Early Black and $10 for New Jersey and
Cape Cod Late Red; Coos Bay, $2@2 73 per
box. i
The feature of the market for fresh fruits |
was the arrival of 7 carloads of new crop Na- •
vel Oranges from the Portervllle region, most j
of them being intended for export to Australia
and New Zealand on the steamer Sierra, leav
ing Thursday. Local trade In Citrus fruits
was' quite active and the market for thit
line of goods was generally steady. Old crop I
Valencias were closely cleaned up and well I
colored lots of new Navels readily commanded j
the top quotation. Grape Fruit, too, was in
demand and prices were advanced. Cemons <
were in limited supply and firm at unchanged
rates. Tangerines were offering in small- quan
tities and sold at $1 25@1 50 per 20-lb box.
Tropical fruits were plentiful and stood as pre
viously quoted. Apples continued to arrive
freely, the receipts Including one carload from
Colorado and three from Oregon. Fancy Ore
gon Spitzenbergs were held at $1 50 per box.
and for York Imperials from Colorado $1 35
was asked, but for the general run offerings
$1 25 was ¦ considered an extreme figure and
the market generally had a weak tone. There
were no Figs offering and other tree fruits
stood as pnalously quoted. Grapes ruled firm
under comparatively light receipts and occa
sional sales of selected stock were reported at
a small premium. Strawberries and Raspber
ries were in light receipt and cleaned up
readily at Improved prices. Another carload
of Cape Cod Cranberries was received and was
offered at the recently I established price of
$10 per bbl.
STRAWBERRIES— $10<312 per chest for
Longworths, $2@3 for Mallndaa and $3 50@5
for the other large varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL/ MARKET.
The Pacific Coast Oil Company has advanesd
the price of crude patrolaum. at Kern from
12*£c to 15c per barrel. The advance becomes
effective to-day.
The Daly West Mining Company of Utah
has declared a regular monthly dividend - of
40c per share, payable November 13.
At a special meeting of th« stockholder! of
the Hana Plantation Company 96 per cent of
the capital stock was represented and an
agreement settling all matters between the
present management of the corporation and
M. S. Grinbaum A Cb. (Limited) waa unani
mously ratified. In consideration of the share
holders turning over all the stock of th* com
pany to M. S. Grinbaum A Co. (limited) that
firm releases the shareholders from all lia
bilities.
The Port Costa Water Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 30o p«r share
November 15.
Trading in local stocks and bonds was very
fair yesterday. Alaska Packers declined from
$99 50 as Saturday's close to $98. Makaweli
Sugar was higher, selling up to $28 75. There
was a sale of California Wine at $78. There
was nothing new in the oil or mining stocks,
the Tonopaha leading the others In point of
activity.
To-day beins a legal holiday, none of the
exchanges will be in session.
A meeting of the shareholders of the Co
lumbia Electrtc Company Is called, tor De
cember 27 to vote on a proposition to create
a bonded Indebtedness of $3,000,000.
The Liberty Mill Race Company has levied
an assessment of $10. delinquent November
26; Riverside Ditch Company, one of $1 30,
November 28; Union Ditch Company, one of
$2 November 28.
The Presidio and Ferrte* Railroad Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 20c
per share November 15,
The regular annual meeting of tha stock
holders of the San Francisco Savings Union
will be held on Wednesday, November 9.
Fair Trading and Boards Adjourn to
To-Morrow.
STCXJK MARKET.
MONDAY, Not. T— « 9.' m.
UNITED STATES BONDS
Bid. Asfc.1 ' Bid. Aak.
4s qr coup..lC«\ilO«»i.'4s qr cp new.l30H131
4s qr r«g. ..106VilO6»4:3s qr coup...lO*ia —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Bs. — — / Oak T Co 6«. — 121
Asso Oil 8s. S3 — Do Ob 113 — '
'Bay CPC 5s. — 102% Do oon 3: — 104ft
Cal C O 5*.102ft — Oceanic 3 5s. SI —
Cal O it E g Om Cable 63.120*4 —
m & ct 5s. — 82H Pae- O Im 4s. — 9T
Cal-st C 5s.ll4% — P B Ry 3s.. — —
C C Wat 6s. — 93 P & C H Cs.lOi —
EdL 8k P 6«.m — P & O R CS.114H113
F 4 C H 6s. - . — Powell-st 9a. — . —
Geary- et Bs.. 80 — Sac EG&RSs.lOOHlOl
H C&3 Bfts.105 — SF A SJV5s,113% —
Do 5s 100 — Sierra R «s. — —
Hon R T 6S.104H — 9 P of A 6»
L A ESec Os. — 103% 0909) 10«»4 —
L A Ry 6S..113H — (1910) 109T4 —
LALCo6» — — SPofC6s
Do gtd «s. — — n90R)Sr A. 101 — '
Do gtd Ks.101 1034 C1905)Sr B. — —
LAP lcm 5S.101 — (1906) 1041J —
Mkt-st C 88.118 — ' (1912) .....— 113
Do lcm Bs. — 117 SP C 1 or 3a. — —
MV& MtT5s.lC5 110 Do stampd.lOTH —
NRR of C6a. — 107 S P B R 6S.134H1334
Do 3s 118% — S V Wat 6s.lO4Si —
JT P C R 5s. — 108 Do 4s 2dm: 9»*VtOO*i
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 09 1 -i —
N C P C 5s. 93*4 102 U Do * ni(r43 OOlfc —
N S R R 5«. — 95*4' Btkn OAE6s. 93 —
OG L&H 5s. — 110 I IT G A E 3s.lO2»4 —
O "W rtd 5s, — 100 1UR of SF 4s. 85U —
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 33 (Port Costa... — —
Martn Co... JW 61 |S V Wat Co. 88% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. • .
Cent LAP. 3H 3%jS F G A E. 56*4 36%
Mutual E L. 1OH It (Stkn G & E. — iV»
Pao L Co. . . 59% 6014 ! V G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 340 | •
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l2« fU) H P ft A... 130 —
Anglo-Cal .. 85*a R6U|Mer Trust.... — 233
Bank of Cal.423 424Va!Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — ISO IS F National. — —
First Ntionl.323 X75 I.
SAVINGS BANK3.
Ger S A L.2330 — |Sav A L So.. — mo
Hum 8 A I* — — SecSavBk...— 424
Mutual Sav. — 1C0 I Union T Co.. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 199 [Presidio . 3» —
Geary •••... — • 40 |
o \j i * .\ I . .
Hawaiian C. 6«*i 67 (Makawell C. — —
Honokaa S C 15*^ — (Onomea 8 C. 30 —
Hutch S P C 10 10t;iPaauhau S C. 15% 17
Kllauea S C. 2»i — I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. P A. 97% 98 Vi! Oceanic S Co. 3^ i%
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7*40
7%c p«r lb; White Lead, 7%®7f4c, according
to quantity.
- QUICKSILVER— $40@41 60 for local use and
$38039 per flask for export.
SALT — Bales, 90c for common and $1 for
granulated: Dairy. $5 6O per ton; Granulated.
$6 50; Half Ground. 10O-lb bags. $3 25: do.
5O-lb bags. $3 75: Rock Salt, $2 75®3 tn 10O and
$3 25 in 50 lb bags; Genuine Liverpool. $11 30,
$12 50 and $13 50 per ton In packages of 224,
110 and 60 lbs, respectively.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnsr Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, . A crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered. (LlOc; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(10O-lb bags only), 6.90c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A, 5.60c; Extra. C 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; • "D." 6.30c; barrels. • 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50- lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c: boxes. 6.75c; H. A E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S®19; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. SI&QC3; Lath. 4
#eet. $3 75§4; Pickets,, $1"©25; . Shingles, $2
COAL OIL- Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19^c: Astral. 19Hc;
Star, J9^4c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 28c: Eo
cene. JE3c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk.
16c; in cases. 22Hc; Benxlne. In bulk, 13c: In
cases, 19^4c: SB-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 25c;
in cases 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
Salvador — Stock. 7740 bags; 13@14c for fancy
washed, nominal; lli£@12Hc for strictly prime
washed, nominal: 10Vi@lle for good to prime
washed; 0§9He for fair washed; 10@ll%c for
fair to prime washed peaberry; 9%@10c for
good to prime semi-washed; 9Vi@0%c for su
perior unwashed; 9^4c for good green unwash
ed; 9H@10o for good to superior unwashed
peaberry; S%®T%c for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — Nominal: stock. 525 bags; 11*4
S*13}ic for prime to fancy washed: OVitJlOHe
for fair to strictly good washed; 8%®9Vio for
good to superior unwashed: 9%@10o for erood
to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock. 19,612 bags) and Mexican
(stock. €82 bags)— 13H0H%c for fancy ; wash
ed. nominal; <llH<9fl3c for prime to strictly
prime washed, nominal; lOU'SUc for strictly
good washed; 10®10}ic for good washed; 9>4<9
9%c for fair washed; 8#S%c for medium;
5?4&7%c for inferior to ordinary; 10K@llKc
for good to prime washed peaberry: 9Vi®10c
for 'good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9 Hi?
9%o for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Continues very firm, with a rood
demand. Sole, heavy, 29®31c; extra heavy,
31@33c per lb; medium, 27©29c; light. 26028o:
Rough Leather 28@30c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 35)g 1 37c for No. 1 and 32O34c for No. 2;
medium. 30*S>37c: light. 29035c; skirting. N"o.
1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36<338a; Collar Leather. 160
I60 per foot: Trace Leather, 40tg l 44c; Kip, un
finished, 40®50c per lb; Veal, finished. BOrfeOa
per lb; Calf, finished. 65c«$l per lb; Wax
Sides, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knlf» Splits, 140
16c; Rough Splits, 8®10c per lb.
TANBARK — Ground, $25929 per ton; stick.
$16 5O<S1S per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for eases
add 5c; Linseed. Sic per gallon for boiled and
49c for rawf Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. Jl 10©l 12: Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases,
C r >#S0c per gallon r* Cocoannt Oil, ¦ In barrels.
58o for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. C8c: natural winter
Sperm Oil.- 63c: extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c: natural Whale Oil. 62c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil. 63c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring OH.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 83c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— Nominal ; stock, 12S4
bags; 14@15^c for strictly prime to fancy
washed: 12HS'13Hc for prime washed; lUi®
12iic for good washed; IIMj^ISo for good to
prime washed peaberry; lOgllc for good to
prime peaberry: ll@12%o for good to prime;
9®10^jo for fair; 7}a®S\sc for common to or
dinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb.
4%c; cases, regular, $5 55; cases, extra large,
6%c; Eastern style, 6%c: boneless. 6Jic;
"Norway," 6V 4 c; "Narrow Gauge," 6%c; "Sil
ver King." 7%c: blocks. "Oriental." 6^c;
blocks. "Seabright," "c; tablets, 7V*c; mid
dles. 7®9%c; fancy boneless. &U6«%o: pickled
Cod, bbls, $8; pickled Cod. half bbis, $4 75.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or 14 per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10,000 lbs: Manila, 14*4e-
Sisal, 994c; Duplex, 8%c; Bal« Rope, 10* 4 ©
11 \jc per lb.
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $3 50-
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; C0o« Bay
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thraclto Egg, $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9. per ton- Coke
$11 50@13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks';
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 60 per short
ton. *
FRUITS gl g- £ ¦
• ? f ! :
Apples $1 53 $1 30 $1 20($l 10
Apricots l 25 1 15! 1 05
Blackberries l 60 1 35 1 25 1 15
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 10 1 80 1 65
Do White 200 165 150
Do Black 1 80 1 65 150
Grapes, Muscat 125 110 100 90
Nectarines 1 &o 125 115 1 05
Peaches. Yellow 1 75 1 35 1 25 1 15
Pears. Bartlett .... 190160 160 130
Plums, Green Gage 1 35 1 10 1 00 90
Do Damson 1 40 1 15 1 05 1 OO
Raspberries 250 2 25 200 190
Strawberries 2 00 1 75 1 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-Ib
standards. flo®'70c; gallon standards. $2; 8-lb.
solid pack, STiiSOOc; Green Peas — Petits pois
$1 35; extra sifted. $1 15; standard sifted $1
standards. 85#9Oc: Marrowfats, 85©87Ho f.
o. b. San Francisco.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. NOVEMBER T.
Flour qr ska... 10.062J Wool, bales 411
Wheat, ctls .... 3.472: Feed, sks **
Barley ctls . ...10.35^1 Tallow, ctls .... 633
Corn (West) ctls 3.6O0I Leather, rolls ... 4H4
'Rye ctls 2.142!Hides. No 951
Beans sks 4,762: Pelts. No K>7
Potatoes sks ... 1.010! Lime, bbls 429
Onions, sks 30«>! Brandy, gals .... 4.05<»
Bran sks 2.170, Wine, gals 55.0SO
Middlings, sks .. 455' Chicory, bbls ... 13
Oats ctfs 715, Quicksilver, flsks. 5.S
Hay' tons 9CS Raisins, bxs 6.814
Straw tons 23:sugar. ctla ..... 2.* < ">
Hops bales 1521
OREGON.
Oats, ctls . . 1401 . :•
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 21}i«?23c i
for extras and 19f;20o for lower to medium
grades: dairy, 17<g"20c; cold storage, 18@21c:
store Butter, 14@16c; Eastern cubes, 18@22%c;
Eastern ladle-packed 15@16c.
CHEESE — 12@12>4o for choice mild new and
10@llc for old; oold storage, lO^tfllo; Young
Americas, ll«@12c; Eastern, 10@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 48@50c for large white se
lected, 46®47He for good to choice and 37 tt@
45c for common; cold storage, 25®30c; East
ern, 25@28c for choice, 22@24c for standards
and 19@21c for seconds.
Cheese remains firm, with stocks light.
The situation in Eggs, like that in Butter,
is very much at sea. It li doubtful whether
anybody can quote an accurate market at pres
ent, for there are no fine ranch of -any conse
quence here. Some dealers said if they had
any they could get anything they had the face
to ask — even five or ten cents higher than the
top quotation. In fact, there are really no
quotations. Tho.re below are about as close as
can be given under the circumstances.
Receipts were 35,200 lbs Butter, 475 cases
Eggs and 0100 lbs Cheese.
The situation in Butter is very mixed. It Is
briefly this: .Most houses are steady at the
recent decline, but several, who are excessive
ly overloaded, are doing their best to smash
the market down to 20c, so that they can sell
sundry cars for shipment to the East and thu?
clear off their holdings. They are in a minori
ty, however. The ruling price for fancy cream
ery yesterday was 22c. Anything over was a
premium price and anytJling under 21>4c was
a bear drive to hammer the market down.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues easy, with prime for future delivery of
fering at 4%c; common. 4@4^c; prime, 4%o;
choice &JT5Hc. and fancy at «@flHc.
PRUNES — Are reported to be a little firmer
on the coast, the few lots of weekly held
supplies having been absorbed apparently. Spot
-quotations In the local market ruled 2@6%o,
according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are in demand at prices below
sellers' views, but little business Is trans
acted owing to the firmness of holders.
Choice, SMSaOc; extra choice, 10H@10Hc;
fancy. ll@15c. ,•
PEACHES — Are In about the same position
as apricots. Choice, fl&O'.-ic; extra choice, 9%
©10c; fancy, 10% ©lie.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,800; exports, 10.778 barrels; sales, 1500 pack
ages. Market dull and featureless.
WHEAT— Receipts, 18,000: sales, 2.200,01V)
bushels futures. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, $120%
f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 26^
f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba. $1 07
f. o. b., afloat. Options, after opening a trifle
irregular, wheat rallied and was firm ' all
day. Buying motives consisted principally of
smaller world's shipments, drouth in the
Southwest and Argentina weather, poor North
west grading, strength of outside markets,
room covering and foreign buying. The close
showed %@Hc net advance. May closed
$1 13%; July, $1 02 U; December, $1 17V
HOPS— Pteady. . : ". -
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
SJac; mild A, 10c.
Coffee Futures closed ! steady at unchanged
to 5 points lower; eales, 55.000 bags. Includ
ing: December, 6.90tgti.95c: January, 7c;
March, 7.20®7.25c; May, 7.35©7.40c; July.
7. 55^2 7.60c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refined, 3%c; cen
trifugal 96 test, 4 7-16c; molasses sugar. 3%c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER — Very firm: street price, extra
cream#ry. 25®25Uc; official prices, creamery,
common to extra. 15i@25c; held extras, 22c;
State dairy, common to extra, 14@X23c.
CHEESE— Firm. :
EGGS — Firm. Western fancy selected, 27c;
Western fancy average best, 25@>26o.
New York Grain and Produce.
for No. 1 and $1 00 for No. 2: Shake*. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $03839. ' ;
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening 7 1% 7 3% 7 2%
Closing 7 2H 7 4V4 T 8H
PARIS.
Wheat — •- Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 23 65 25 10
Closing 23 60 25 05
Floui" —
Opening 3105 32 70
Closing \30 90 32 65
St. Louis Wool Market,
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 7.— WOOL — Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 20(327 %c:
light fine. l««21c; heavy fine, 12@17c; tub
washed, 23@38c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 7. — Wheat — For ex
port: Walla Walla, &l@82c; blue stem. M®
85o; valley, . 8«@87c. For Eastern markets:
Walla Walla,' Me; blue stem. 87o.
WASHINGTON.
/TACOMA, Nov. 7.— Wheat— Blue stem,
894c; club, 87ftc.
BAGS — Grain Bags. $595 25: San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags. 30#32c; Fleece Twine* 7%c;
Fruit Bags. 8%®7%c for white and 7c for
brown Jute.
CANNED FRUITS — Following are prices for
the 1904 pack:
General Merchandise.
XEW YORK, Nov. 7. — Cotton futures opened
strong. November, 6.55c bid; December,
0.85c; January. 8.83c; February, 0.9"o bid;
March, 10.04c; April, 10.08c bid; Mav. 10.14c;
June offered, 10.15c . •
New York Cotton Market.
MISCELLANEOUS 3IARKETS.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— To-day* s state
ment of the Treasury balances:
Available cash balance $145,605,142
Gold 85,100,223
GAME: — Mallard Ducks $3®7 per dozen;
Canvas back. $3©7; Teal. *282 50; Sprig, $2 50
©3; Widgeon, jl 50<g2; Red Heads. $2 50@3:
small Ducks, *1 50f&2; Gray Geese. $3 50®
4; White Geese. $1 5002; Brant. $1 50@2 50;
Honkers, $3@>5; Snipe, $3 for English and
$1 60 for common; Doves, $1 25; Hare. $1 75;
Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 60 for Brush
The Poultry market was demoralized, there
being very little demand for anything, and
prices of all descriptions were largely nom
inal. A car of Western stock that arrived
late on Saturday was on sale, and more than
half of it was still unsold at the close. Re
ceipts from domestio points were light, but
there was plenty of held-over stock on hand.
Receipts of Garoa were a little In excess
of 200 sacks, and Teal, Sprig. Red Head and
Widgeon Ducks were quoted lower. Prices of
all other descriptions were well maintained
with a fair degree of firmness.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@18c for old
and 21@23c per lb for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 50<g-2; Goslings, $2@2 25: Ducks, $4 50®5
per dozen for old and $5g6 for young; Hens,
J4Q4 50 for small and $5£5 50 for large; young
Roosters, $5ig>5 50; old Roosters, $4^4 50; Fry
ers, ¦ $4@4 50; Broilers. $2 50® .1 50; Pigeons,
$1 60; Squabs, $2@2 25.
Poultry and Gome.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: .
CATTLE— Steers, 7^67%c: Cows and Heif
ers, SytQWc; thin Cows, 405c per lb.
CALVES — 4©4%o per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. Stt©3*4c; Ewes, 3@3%c
per lb (gross welght>.
LAMBS— $2 60®2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs 140 to 250 lbs, 4* 8 Q44£o;
tinder 140 lbs, 4<i@4%c; soft Hogs, not want
ed; Bows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 80 per cent
off, and Stags. 40 per cent off from above
quotations. •
PORK— Dressed Hogs, &8>Se per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS
Whoesale rates from slaughterers to dialers
are as follows: / v
BEEF — 5©7c for Steers and 405c per lb
VEAL-^-Large, 6jf7%c: small^ 7©9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7Ho; Ewes, &»7e pel
LAMB— 8HtI«c per lb.
Hogs are steadier as fewer are coming In,
but prices show no change. Good Beet is
scarce, but there is plenty of thin stock here.
Supplies of Mutton are ample. There Is less
large Veal coming in. as the arrivals of rough
range Calves from Arizona have fallen off ma
terially. Lamb is %c higher on the Inside
quotation.
Meat Market.
OMAHA. Nebr., Nov. 7. — CATTLE! — Re
ceipts 3300. Strong to 10c higher. Native
' steers, $3 75Q6 25; cows and heifers, $2 50@4:
! Western steers $3S4 60; Texas steers, $2 75®
' 3 75; range cows and heifers, $2 25®3 40: can
' ners, $1 73©2 15; stockers and feeders, $2 40®
I 4; calves, . $3@5 50; bulls and stags, $175©
I 3 85
HOGS— Receipts, 3200. Strong. Heavy, $4 80
I @4 95; mixed. $4 9034 92^; light, $4 90@4 92l4;
t pigs, $4 25®4 75; bulk of sales. $4 90@4 92%.
1 SHEEP— Receipts. 11.500. Steady. Western
yearling9, $404 35; wethers, $3 90®4 25; ewes,
SSSOfi 1 !: common and stockers, $2 60@4 15;
¦ lambs, $5@5 75.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 7. — CATTLE —
Receipts 7000. Market 10c higher. Native
steers. $3 75(20 50; native cows and heifers,
$1 50®4 50; stockers and feeders, $2 25©4; bulls,
$17503 25: calves, $2 2505 60; Western steers,
$3@4 50; Western cows, $1 50®3 25.
HOGS — Receipt?, 6000. Steady. Bulk of
sales $4 70<g5- heavy, $4 95@6 10; packers,
?4 85(05 05; pigs and lights. $4 25@4 90.
SHEEP — Receipts. 6000. Steady. Muttons,
$3&0<^4 25: lambs, $4 2505 70; range wethers,
$3 50<B4 50; ewes, $2 60®4; Colorado ewes, 104
pounds, $3 S5; Utah mixed sheep, 105 pounds,
U 15. £ .
Omaha.
Kansas City.
SHEEP — Receipts, 32.000. Steady. Oood to
choice wethers, $4 25@4 60; fair to choice
mixed, f 3 50(34 10: Western sheep. $3®4 50;
native lambs, $46*5 65; Western lambs. $4®
5 50.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7. — CATTLE — Receipts. 21,
0CO, including 5000 Westerns. Market IO^ISc
higher. Good to prime steers. $6 10®7; poor to
medium, $3 95©5 f>0; stockers and feeders, $20
4 15; cows. $1 40$}4 30; heifers, $1 75@B; can
ners. $12r»@2 25; bulls, $2®4; calves, $3<g7;
Texas fed steers, $3 25@5; Western steers,
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 30,000; to-morrow.
25,000. Market 5@10c lower. Mixed and
butchers, $4 8065 15; good to choice heavy, $5
@5 15: rough heavy, f 4 65-33 80; light, $4 80@
5 05: bulk of sales. $4 85@5 05.
Chicago.
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
Trade in Potatoes was of a light Jobbing
character, being confined entirely to the filling
of small orders for ordinary local want*.
Strictly fancy lots of Salinas Burbanka ware
held at a alight advance, while common of
ferings of that description continued weak at
irregular rates. The market was still badly
congested with river Burbanks, which con
tinued to arrive freely, and the top quota
tion was shaded. There was another sharp
break in Sweet Potatoes, 5 carloads of fresh
stock being thrown upon an already over
loaded market. Onions were firm and un
changed.
Changes in miscellaneous vegetables were
slight, stock* of everything except Summer
Squash being well up to requirements. There
was' quite a large supply of intermediate crop
Rhubarb received from acrose the bay. which
met with a good demand at 60@75o per box.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 40©
65c per ctl; Salinas Burbanka, $1@1 85 per
ctl; River Reds, 65S85c per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes, 75@85c per ctl. /
ONIONS— 11 25®1 78 per ctl. •
VEGETABLES— String Bean*, 1WA? per
lb; Wax Beans, 2@3c per lb; Lima Beans,
8*ii@5c per lb; Tomatoes, 20@60c per box;
Summer Squash,- $1 25 per box; Cabbage, 65c
per ctl: Carrots, 7«o per sack; Cucumbers, 250
40a per box; Garlic, 4%c per lb; Egg
Plant, 35®40e per box; Dried Peppers, nom
inal; Green Okra, 75@85c per box; Green Pep
pers, 2S@50c per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard
Squash, |10@12 per ton for round lots.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7 — On the Porduce Exchange
to-day the butter market was firm. Cream
eries. IS^IHc; dairies, 14®2Oa Eggs, firm
at 16V$#l&&c: firsts, 21c; prime. 23^c; ex
tras. 2515c. Cheese, steady at 10U©llc. .
BLGIN. 111.. Nov. 7. — Butter advanced 2o
per pound on the Board of Trade to-day, sell
ins at 25c. compared with 23c a week ago.
Sales for the week, 663.000 pounds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs-
I/ical Wool handlers continue to report a
fine Wool market. Arrivals are passing out
of receivers' hands' as fast as they come in
and very soon there will be no more left in
the country. Indeed country stocks are al
ready well cleaned up. Prices are strong but
unchanged.
Hides are also quoted strong all over the
country, with an active demand, and dry stock
has again advanced.
There is nothing new In Hops, They axe
very firmly held and in steady demand and
•very day sees the «upply growing smaller.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about }t*?lc under quotation*. Heavy tilted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c: light. 8Hc: Cow
Hides. 8H0 for heavy and 9Hc for light;
Stags, 7c; Baited Kip. 10%c: Salted Veal.
XlHc: Salted Calf. ll%c: dry Hides. 17»*c: dry
Kip, 15c; dry Calf. 20c: Sheepskins, shearlings,
25@40o each; short wool. 4O®65e each: me
dium. 75fF»0<j: lon« Wool, flffl 50: Horse
Hides, salt. 12 75 for large and $292 50 for
medium. $1 6083 for small and 50c for Colts:
Hone Hides, dry. $1 78 for large and »1 50 for
medium. $1 for small and 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c: dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 30o: Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large. 50c; medium, 35c; small, 20a
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4^4 %o per lb;
No. 2. 3VSc: Grease. 2%®3e.
WOOL. — Fall clip— San Joaqnln and South
ern, Otlllc; Southern, ©»o: Southern Moun
tain, Offlle: Middle Counties, free, 12914c;
do, defective, 10@12c; Northern free, 12tJfl4o;
do defective, 10012c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 16<21Sc Der lh.
HOPS— 1»04 crop. 28HO31HO per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SEEDS — Brown Mustary, $4 75® 5; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25; Flax. $2®2 75; Canary. 6*4
67c; Alfalfa. 15> /S @16%c: Rape, l^S2^c;
Timothy, 5%c; Hemp, 3%®3«ic per lb; Millet,
2V,@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20<g21 per too.
DRIED PEAS— Nllee, $1 75 0 2 30; Orten
Peas, <1 75©2 50 Der ctl.
Receipts or Beans were 5102 sks. Prices
showed no change and the market continued
quiet, with no new feature. Damp goods
still form the bulk of the offerings and keep
the market uncertain and depressed.
All Seed9 remain as before quoted.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 75@3; Pea. $3 1003 28;
Butters. $2 75<ff3; small White, $3 15^3 30;
large White, |2 40@2 65; Pink, $1 75@3 IB, ac
cording to condition: Red, $4 25#4 50; Lima,
$4 IOC^'20; Red Kidneys, $4 50@* 75; Black
eyea. $2 60® 2 70 per ctl; Horse Beans, $1 88
62 40.
Beans and Seeds.
SIM MARY OF THE MARKETS.
«^^^-—^— •
AU American markets closed to-day.
IVoIl-sUncet Mocks irregular, but
rather higher on the day.
Fair tradins In local stwks and
bonds.
Grain markets -till quiet and devoid
of feature.
Flour and MHIstuffs In fair demand. .
H:».\ weak aud quiet. Bran showing
imoiv steadiness. Beans inactive.
Dried Fruit, Nuts and Itaisins as be
fore quoted.
I »ro visions slujjgish at the recent de
cline.
Wool. Hops and Hides Mill firm and
In good demand.
Choice Beef scarce. Mutton in good
Lamb firmer.
Arrivals of Ho^s . and large Calves
failing off.
Butter still quiet, with some houses
overloaded.
Itajich Ks:g> »-o scarce as to be al
most unquotable.
Potatoes still in excessive supply and
weak. Onions firm.
Poultry in lijjht demand and de
jnoralired. Wild Ducks lower.
Arrival of m?vcii cars of Oranges des
tined for Australia.
Xot much chance in Silver and Ex-
Xo Business To- Day.
To-iny b»":nsr *!«>ction cay and a l<*gal hdi-
Cay. business will be suspended ihr>>ughout
The Coffee Situation.
The New York circular of Henry Nordlin*er
R <_¦». taj-E:
•The most important factor governing the
*>rt>rct crop sea*on is that the world consumes
tnoTv Brazil o.ftee than is being produced.
Eot a mere matter of a Itw hundred thousand
taj-s a* uat the cat* last year, but at least
J..^iO.twO to 2.OOO,<K0 bags more. Thts" Ftate
tuent on our part at the present time may ap-
Jxrar strange when we are face to face with the
r:*rgf-M visible' supply the world ever had.
Che causi-s which brought about this etate of
• ffalrs are that Brazilian crops have t*en
rushed forward to eh!;pir.g port* during the
pas=: four months at an extraordinarily rapid
r*i*: altogether about 6.200,000 bags Brazil
CoSVe (including Victorias and Bahias) have
come icto eight duricg that time, being an
«r.usuaJ:y lar^e jh rcentage of the crop. Con
«'jir.ptlon although somewhat backward, has
tak>n its usual quantity of about 3.S50.000
bags of Brazil cufftf. The difference of 2.-
S5c.iiOO 1j&<:s. no small item, having been
Biici to the visible supply. Had the Bra
i;:;an crops not come forward at euch an ex
traordinary rate, we wouid not have the big;
visible supply which U now staring us in the
Sao*, bui the coffee would have existed on
the plantations Just the same, although un
counted, and It would have come into right
later in the yeai. It would then not have
fc*-en felt to the same extent, however, because
h longer period of consumption would ha\ - e
Acted ax a. fair ctso;.
"The period cf hea\T receipts »t Braxillan
•hipping ports lc now at an end. and a con
•iaera.ble falling off will be experienced this
month, becoming more acut« later on. The
monthly increases in the \iaible Eupply of
the world have likewise now come to a close
Sor the present crcp year, and continuous de
creases win occur from now on in a more or
ksp accentuated degree.
• There ar* to come- forward at Rio and
Cantos during th« next eight month* about
S.ikiu.OOO bags, and pofaibly 3,500,000 bags
(the latTer a maximum figore), agalnft a
Srosj>ective consumption of Braxtl Coffee for
that j*-riod o? abuut 7.75O.O00 bags. It must.
therefore, appear clear tttit the time for a
*u :*:ar.;;el uplifting cf values Is near at
hand, if it has not already arrived.
'"The United Stales more than anr other
country has bocjrl.t freely o? the current crop.
while Europe has been very backward this
your in making J.rr pufchases. The time is
now approaching when the Brazilians will be
able to take rare- of the remainder of their
crop without aselFtance from. consuming
countries. Purchases of large blocks will
th<rrtfore not be so readily effected from now
or.. European port stocks of Brazil Coffee at
thp pre^M writ:r.g are about 1.250,000 bags
err:a!ler than they were at the same time last
year and the afloats to Europe are about half
& miMion b&R* l*rs; both of which, we think,
ar<^ strong f<-aturee for the market.
"When we come to consider the prospect*
Icr the 1VCS-0S crop indications are that the
Santos crop will not be any larger and po«-
BiMy a good deal smaller than the present
or- : while the Rio crop, that is, the crop pro-
Cuced in the statf* of Rio an-1 Minis, prom-
to be a good deal larger. It will take
ttl ¦¦¦ four to five months yet for the bean to*
Baatinv and no reasonably reliable estimate
ckt f« had until then.
• .\e have again received reports from ser
•raJ mild Coffee rrodurlng countries the eum
id *ut*tance of which are tha.t there will
'* Ich mt:d Coffee produced this year and next
t. an ther» has bf*n for the past few year*
bAsiji of this information we calculate
th* toial wor!.j> production for 1S04-05 to
*rT>r.unt to Vi.7T^.0n0 bacs. against a total
» •• ' ¦'if production of 1(5,500.000 bags laat
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Nov. 7.— Reporu of unfavorable
weather were the principal cause of the firm
tone in wheat here to-day. At the dose both
the December and May deliveries wer« up
%©%c. Corn is up %@%c. Oats were- un
changed. Provisions are-2%@15c higher.
Strength in the wheat pit developed early
in the session. Under the Influence of liberal
world's shipments and lower cables th» mar
ket opened easier, December being down y t c
at $1 11%. May was off a shade to %c at
$1 11>4@1 11% ho $1 11%. Pit traders were
the principal tellers at the start. Offerings
were taken quite readily by commission houses.
As a result of continued dry weather in the
Southwest sentiment in the pit changed
quickly to the bull side. Many of the early
sellers became buyers, the result being a
eudden advance, December selling up to
$1 12%. Meantime May advanced to $1 12%.
Part of the rain wu lost later in the day on
profit -taking 1 , but a firm undertone was mani
fested throughout the remainder of tho ses
sion. Advices from Argentina Indicated that
the weather there was too wet. These ru
mors induced realizing by shorts and were
largely responsible for the firm tone of the
market. On the whole trading was of light
volume, the holiday to-morrow being a drag
on the market. The close was firm, with-De
cember at $1 12K©1 12%. May closed at
$1 11%61 11%.,
Higher cables and the strength of wheat
caused a firm tone In the corn market. The
volume of trading, was small. December
opened %CHic higher at 48%c. sold between
48%c and 48%c and closed at 48%c.
' There was a fair demand In oats, but prices
showed practically no change. December
closed at 28%c.
Provisions were strong on a fair demand
from packers. At the close January pork was
up 12%@15c ' lard and ribs were each un
2%©5c. . "
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Wheat No. 3 —
Articles — Open. High. . Low. Close.
December 1 11% 1 12% 1 11% 1 12 %
May 1 11% 1 12%. 1 11% 1 nfg
July.. 08*4 88% 87% 98
Corn No. 2—
December 48% , 48% . 48% 48%
May «% 46 45% r 45%
July «% 45% 45% 45$
- Oats No. 2—
November .... .... : 29*4
December 28% 29 28% '28%
May 31% 31*, 31%- 31%
,32.5<jtr,Amalg Copper ..I 73% 72** 72H 72»»
lAmer Cu CO I 7H 7»4
j Do pfd 1 49% 49%
700,Amer C & F Co 27*« 27*» 27% 27**
SOOj Do pfd I J>5\ 85 S5*i S3",
aoOiAmrr Cotton Oil| XZ% 31% 32% '-W*
100| IX) pfd »7 67 «7 «»7 %
jAmw Dlst Tel.. 25 27
200 Amer Express . .<210»« 210»i*20a 212
|Amtr Crass T Coj 8 »'»
|Am«T Hide & L. 5» 4 b
| Do pfd :.- 20 22
300 Amer lee S% 8% 8^i 8%
»00j l).j pfd 37% 36 36 37
|Amer Linseed ..j i i 13 14
.....:.| Do ptd i -'14 jRJ
i;.awiAr«r Ltjcomotivej 3<» 2K\\ 2H% J»Jn
2.2OO; Do i.fd ! 0J>!» »8 «« » s %
'Amer Malt [ 5 ah*
3OO| Do pfd 22% 22>-j 2i!^i! ~S
S.700Amer S * U Co. 74%i .3\| i4»«| .4^
2,Kio. do pfd 112 |iimjin^:ni%
25,300 Amer Pugar ... HttS|U5«4|143fc|145» 4
| LM pfd t 13T ;l.a»%
WAmff Tob pfd .. 144 143% 143%ll45
:«iO Amer Woolen ... 18% 18% 17%| JJ
SOW Do Pfd 8*H "84H 84 S3
I. OOu' Anaconda lOrt jlO4 1C5 10S
lOO.Ann Arbor 34 34 32 35
! Do pfd *> «*
1S.000 A T & Santa F* S7 | 83% W5 T ,| h7
Lflod no pfd |ioi»« lor-. 101% ioi*»
22.5C0'Balt & Ohio .... 90S 5MS 9&V« !*5%
i......! Do pfd W i»5%
: 20.3<«>BRT CS% «7% «fs\* J*%
{Brooklyn O Uai 220 _J4
100 Brunt-wick D & I 50 50 50- 51
Canada Southern! GOH Ws?*
2. COO, Canadian Pacinc i 12l»S | 12S% 12S*H 1-p+H
2.«XWC & O I 44H 43tn ** «S
SOOC&A :<b »8.*
j Do pfd &° ,~
C & El pfd 130 140
CI*Lpfd gjt BOS
12.100 C & G W 24 8S% 23*, -3;-*
' 10.>t Do pfd A «{% C3S «2 «4
2.200, Do pfd U ! 35 34 M% M
Do deb* i S 6^ **
1.000C & N W )i;>4» ti lS»4V* 194UU944;
15.4OOC M & St P... 172« 4 !l71% 172 1.2%
Do pfd 1 1S2 184
85.100 C R I 4 P <new)i 34i»«! M\ M 34%
800 Do pfd .T 1 74 j 7.-H* 73% _i4
| Do 4s i 76%| 7« 70S .6%
l.KOO.Chloago Ter pfdi 2.5SI 23 i »% -^
ZSoO^Chicago Vn Tracj »?» b T » »U| »%
Do p*d I I ' • *
""&M)C C C fc Si' U'.\ jS5% 85% «i% 85U
iCleve Lor & W. I "* I J*
15.600 Colo F & I 43', 42% 42% *••
500J Do pfd 80 79 81 83
6*> Col Hock fc * 1. 14% 14 14« 14%
I.600C0I0 South 23Sl — *« -^*i 23
3O0i Do let pfd.... 55 ( 54* 4 54«i 56\*
2.100! Do 2d pfd.... 34
fi.OOO;Consolid Gas ..|21. 2l6\ t^ibW+UU
1.000 Cbnt Tob Co pfd 124} s 124 124=>h U4»«
1.300'Corn Products . 20 19% 19% 19-i
1.2X>! Do pfd 77% 76% 76J» 78
2,Wd»1 & Hudson ..185 184 184»» 185
10l>'D L A W :... 31O 32O
iD & R O SO 31
800; Do pfd §2% 83
6<»0 Detroit Un Ry . 74 7S» 4 .4% «5
I Detroit Houth .. «"> 4'»i 4\ 5
' 8001 Do pfd »%! 9 I »Vi »H
2.0W DirtlUmc S«cur. 30 1 35fti 30 S6Ji
I I Do pfd I TB .5%
Duiuth S S & A I 11 »»-?
6».8OO;Krie ' 4OXi W M* M\
4,700- Do lBt.pfd 72*» 71S| 72»i| .2%
700 Po 2d pfd 62»* &l»i 52% 52* t
Ie&th eo «%
Du |.M f 80 »
'.General Chem A 9 ., •»
I Do pfd »5% 97
2<«0G«n Electrtc ...175 174 175 1*6
Gt North pfd 19| I*}
Havana Tob Co. 28 29
! DO pfd 40 41%
Hocking Valley./ 83% 64
Do pfd S9 6S% Si% 89
2.400 Illinois On . . . . 144% 142% 143U 143*
l.sr/) Inter Paper .... 19 H ISVi 19 1?H
120o ! Do pfd 78% I 77% 77U 77*4
pointer Power .... 59% M 59% 61
Inter Pump /.. ••-•-I----- i% *«•
200i D.J Pfd ...*.- 7» 79 79 80
200 Iowa Central ... 27% 27% 27% 27%
. . . i Do pfd 48 49
... . . .. K C Ft S&M pfd ( 80% 81
200 Kan City South. 23^i 29 29 MVi
j Do pfd 51% 50% 51 604
Keok & D M 15 1.%
(Laclede Gas pfd 97% 100
'Lake Erie * W 35 35*;
.'.*.".. ".j Do pfd » 10O 110
••; «i> ! LT N land . .::: ra JSh &
2 «00. Manhattan 162% 161% 162 162Vi
...... .IManhat Beach 10 11
1.700 : Metrtipo! Secur .. S3 «1% 82 K 1
13 lon'Metropol St Ry... 124% 123% 1M« 123%
1 00<i Mexican Central . 18% 17% 18*4 |?
200 Minn & St L. . . . CO 59 W»% 62
1 Do lFt pfd ...j 94 98
70OM St P& S S Ml M 81% 81% S2%
flflO! Do pfd 14S 1146% 148 148%
9 900'Mo. Kan» & Tex. WW 31% 31*i 31%
4 900! Do pfd 59HI 59% 58% 69
i 14 300'Miseourl Pacific . 104%'102% 103% 104
100 Nash. C & St L. |132%!132% 132 134
70O!National Lead ...I 25 24*4 24% 25
100 1 Do pfd I 98 . 98 96% 97%
loo'xi RR of Mx pfd 40 40 393; 40V«
200;Nat!onal Biscuit 1 49% 49%
I Do pfd 111% 112%
2f*VN J Central ....!IS5 l£t?i 18*%!l85
100, N T Air Brake.. 135*41135% 134 1135
4.300'N T Central ... 135% 134*4 135 13Mi
....... N Y C & St L 35% 36%
Do 1st pfd HO 11"
DoM pfd "0 75
N Y Dock 12 16
lOO'N Y N H AHart 193*4 193*4 193*4 194%
3.4OON Y Ont & W.. 43 42*g 42*4 43
3>00;Ncrfolk & West 73% 73 72*« 7S%
.. ..! Do pfd 90 95
eOONorth American. 97H »6 97% 97%
B.OOONor Securities. 117% 116% 116% 117 S 1
.Omaha * 147 !150
Do pfd 186 190
'.".'.'.lb B L 4s 104 1O4H
,iPaclflc Coast 78 80
t Do 1st pfd 100 105
2W Do 2d i-fd 83H 82H 83%
4.300'Paciflc Mail ... 41 39%( 4O%! 41
G6 900 Penn R R Co . . . 13« 135 1135% 13S%
B.'OOO: Peoples Gas ....109 10S% 10fiS!l<**i
. . 'Pere Marquette .. ' 75 SO
\P C C 4 ft L 72 75
Do pfd ia{ 104
6.900' Pressed Steel C. MU 32% 34 34%
1.200! Do pfd 81*4 8OV4 81% 82
........ Pullman Car Co 220 222
BOO'ny Stl Spngs Co. 2S=V« 27% 28 2S%
loo! Do pfd SG%! 86*4 8C 87
21.400 Reading 74% 73 7414 74%
4001 Do 1st pfd ... 87% 87% 87% 88%
lOo! Do 2d pfd 79 79 79% 80
1.8001 Republic S & I,.. 15% 14% 14% 15
7,5OO! -Do pfd .. 60% 58% 60 C0%
SOO Rubber Goods .. 23 I 22% 22% 22%
I Do pfd 1 84 86
3.700iSloee. S S & I Co 57% 64% 56% 57
I Do pfd 97% 99
!St J & G I 15 16
I Do 1st pfd 1 61 54
I Do 2d pfd 1 25U 26
IStL & SF 1st pfd 71 73
l.SCOl Do 2d pM 63% 62% 62% 63
1.200 St L & SW.... 23% 22% 23 23>4
5.:;00 : Do pfd 50% 49% 49% 60
15,000 Southern Pee 62% 61% 61% 61%
j Da pfd 110% 116 116% 116>-i
20.100 Southern Ry 35 34V4 Si\ 34%
(XX>| Do pfd 94?4 04% 91% 94%
Standard Oil 645 650
3OO J Standard R & T 2V t 2% IV* 1*9
44,4fXVT»>nn Coal & I.. 69% 63% 67% 68
3,100 Texas Pac L T. 38 37 37% 38
B.SWTexas Pacific... 35% 34% 34% 33
iThlrd Avenue 130 132
JT. St L t W.. ..:.. 29 29%
300! Do pfd 4S% 48% 48^4 49
1.40f> Twin City R T. . 1O<3»4 105% 105% 106
2.300;rnion Bag & P. 9 7^j 8*4 9
Do pfl 68 68U
71.400 Union Pacific. 112 110% 111% 111%
SOO Do pfd 35% 05% 95 95%
SOO'U R of S F 16% 15% 16 17
»00! Do pfd Cl 60% 61 61%
I Do 4s S4% 85%
1.400;U S Cast lion P| 14% 14% 14% 15
4.100 Do pfd i. «fe 65% 67% 6S
8,7OOiU S Leather 13% 13% 13% 13%
BOO Do pfd P2% 92% f>2V« 92%
1,5001' S Rubber;... 2SH 28 28% 28%
3<W Do pfd 84 $3!<. 83 84
S.V,,U>O'U S Steel Cor... 26% 24% 25% 20
125.1iat; Do pfd 84% 82% f>3% 83%
2.800 Va-Car Ch«:m Co 3J*!* 37% 37 37%
I Do. pfd i 110V4 111
4 SOOjWabafeh .....;.. 22WI21% 22% 22U
4.100 Do pfd 4.-J%J 42% 43% ,43%
Do deb B» 65% 65%
Weila Fargo Ex 237 245
30O Western Union.. 91 00% 01 91%
»i0|'W«>*UnKhouse ... 17OV4 170H 170 171
- ftrtO Do 24 pfd 186 185 186 180%
1.6001 W & L. E 19% 18% 18% 19
lOo! Do 1st pfd 46 46%
300| Do 2d pfd 27% 27 27*4 2 4 %
11 3Or»!\VisconMn Cen.. 22% 22% 22% 22%
700| Vo ptd 45% 44% 45% 45^
L195.SO0 total shares sold.
Sew York Bonds. .
U S ref 2» reg..lO4%]L & N unified 4i. 102
Do coupon 104%|Man con "gold 4».105
Do 3* reg 104%iMex Central 4s... 73
Do coupon 104% Do 1st Inc.... 23'
Do new 4s reg.l30%lMinn &-StX 4s.. 97.
Do coupon 130% M. K & Texas 4s. 102
Do old 4s re».10«H Do 2ds -V; 85
Do coupon 100% NR 6f M« con 4s 79%
Atch gen 4s 108%|N Y C gen 3%«..100%
Do adj 4s 93>4lN J C gen 5s.... 135 14
Atlantic C L 4b. 98% Xor Pacific 4« 103
Bait & Ohio 4i..lO3%| Do 3b ......... 74JJ
Do 3%b 96% Nor & W con 4s. 101
Central of. Ga 8s.ll2 lOSL, 4s & parUc.104%
Do Ut inc 03 |P Conv 3%s.....l01%
Ches & Ohio 4%«.106% 1 Reading gen 4s... 101%
Ch| & Alton 3%s. 80 S L & I M con 5«.115%
C. B & Q new 4s. «R%'s L.& S F tg 4s.. 87%
CM & RP gn 4«.110U!6t Louis SW lsts. 87%
C A NW con 7s. 127>,i I Seaboard A L 4s. 83%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 77 ISo .Pacific 4s 04%
Do col .•>» 89% So /Railway 5s..:. 118%
C.C.C & SL*n 4s.lO2H'Tex & Pac I«t8..121%
Chi Term 4« R2 |Tol. St L & W 4s. 83%
f.Vms Tobacco 4s. 75%) Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo & So 4s J*%! Do conr 4s 111-S
C V & I con 5s. «1%|U S Steel 2d 5s.. S7%
D«>n & Rio G 4S.1C2 fn'abaFh 1st* ......115 -
Erie prior Hen 4e,100% | Do deb-B ' 63%
Do gen 4s 89 |W & L Erie 4s... 91
F W & D C lsts.llOUIWis Central 4s 92%
Hock Val 4%s...lC8? 8 |
Xew York Mining Stocks.
A(5am« Con 20|Uttle Chief 05
Alice to Ontario ' 2 So
Ureece lSIOphlr 2 20
Brun» Con U7| Phoenix 12
Com Tunnel OOlPotosi O9
Con Cal & Va... 1 to Savage ,»... 24
Horn Silver 1 251 Sierra Nevada 22
Iron Silver 1 95rSmall Hopes 28
Leadvllle Con 02!Standard 1 85
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — |u S Steel 25%
Call loann 2©3| Do pfd 84
Time loans 4©5 ! Westing Common. 84
Bonds — | Mining —
Atchison 4s 102 I Adventure ' G*£
Do adj 4s 92 Allouei 4- 14 U
Mrx Central 4s... 67 Amal Copper ../. 72%
Railroads — Amer Zinc ...... 13 %
Atchison S674 1 Atlantic 1«%
Do pfd 101%!Blngham 33%
Boston & Albany.252 I Calumet & Hecla.623
lk*ton & Maine.163 iCentennial 29
Boston Eiev 153 I Copper Range ... 04*;
Fltchburg pfd 139%: Daly West 13
Mex Central 18%IDom Coal 60
N V. N H & H..194 Franklin 11%
Union Pacific 111% Grancy S%
Miscellaneous — Isle Royale 2fl
Amer Aree Chem. 19 Mass Mining .... 6%
Do pfd SO Michigan 9U
Amer Pneu Tube. 6 Mohawk B3%
Amer Sugar 14« Mont Coal & Coke 4"£
Do pfd 1S8H Old Dominion ... 2«*i
Amrr Tel & Tel.143 Offceola 90
Amer Woolen ... 17%'Parrot 28%
Do pfd 84 Quincy 100
Dom Iron & S... 16%iPhannon 8%
Ed Elect Ilium. .240 ITamarack 125
Oen Electric 174 "Trinity 14»;
Mais Electric 13 IU S Mining 23«*
Do pfd 55 IU S Oil 10%
Mass Gas .../... 4m! Utah 43
United Fruit 105 IVIctorla 434
Un Shoe Mach... 54 IWlnop* 10%
Do pfd 31%l Wolverine JTO
United Fruit 105 |
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money. ..87 11-16," N T Central 13*%
Do acct S7TilNor & Western... 74*i
Anaconda 5%[ Do pfd 93%
Atchison SS%iOnt & Western... 48%
Do pfd .... 104 »4 1 Pennsylvania 70*4
Bait & OMo 97% Rand Mines 10*4
Can Pacific 132 i Reading 37%
Ches & Ohio 45% [ Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 23*4 Do 2d pfd 40V
Chi. Mil & St P.175%!so Railway 35>*
De Beers 18%| Do pfd 0«%
Den & Rio O.... 31H!So Pacific 62",
Do pfd 64%!Unlon Pacific 113%
Erie 4O?4I Do pfd 97*4
Do 1st pfd 74 |U S Steel .... 25%
Do 2d pfd -> 53%t Do pfd 87%
III Central 146%|Wabash 23
Louis & Nash 136H' Do pfd .: 44%
M, K & Texas..-. 32%) Spanish 4s 87
B«r silver — Quiet 26 3-16d per ounce.
Money — 2%@3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
thort bills is 3 per cent and for three months'
bills 3 per cent.
CHICAGO,. Nov. .7. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, easy: No. 2 spring wheat,
fl OSgl 14; No. 3. $1©1 12: No. 2 red, $1 15»i
01 lfi%; No. 2 corn. 05c; No. 2 yellow, 58%c;
No. Stoats. 2!t?ic; No. 2 white. 31%c; No. :t
white, ;'.0Cj3O%c: No. 2 rye, 83S85c;, good
feeding barley, 37@3Sc; fair to choice malting,
44fc-c; No. 1 fluxseed, *1 10%; N'o. 1 North
western, $1 10%;. prime timothy seed, $2 62%;
mess pork, per bbl, $11 10® 11 12%; lard, per
loo lbs. ?7 <«5<Ji7 07; short ribs sides (loose),
$G S7*4©7 - 12y>; short clear sides (boxed). S~tf
7 12%I whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23®
1 24; clover, contract grade, $12.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrel? 18.300 13,300
Wheat, bushels :. 208,000- 83.700
Corn, bushels 100.500 94,000.
Oats, bushels 224,800 213.700
Rye. bushels 13,200 5.2OJ
Barley, bushels 152,900 23,900
Cash Grain and Provisions.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California comvmnd, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9®9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9*it?
9*ic; 10-lb tins, 10*4c; 5-lb tins, \0<Sc; 311b
tins, 10%c. >
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S^c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8**c; two tierce?,
8i4c; five tierces. 8!j,c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams and Bacon are dull at the decline
noted in last report. The whole market con
tinues quiet and without feature.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10%c for lteht medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14«.c for sugar-cured:
dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 12%©12»ic: California Hams.
12gl2%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess, $10 50@U; Family, $12@12 50; prime
Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $23; Mess.
$17 60; Pig Pork, $26; Pigs* Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
cent depression and is showing: more steadi
ness, with a better- demand.
BRAN— $1SS19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $23 50&28 per ton.
• v SHORTS— $16@19 per ton. • -
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23®24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
jobbing, ?33; Cocoanut Cake. $23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal. $24@25; Corn Meal. $31@31 50:
Cracked Corn. $31 50@32; Mixed Feed, |22 50®
23;- Horse Beans, $30®40 per ton; Broom
Cora Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10515; Wheat and Oat, $10®
14; Oat, $9@12; Barley and Oat. $8®M1; Volun
teer Wild Oat, $7® 10; stable. $9g>10; stock,
sr- 50@7; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa. $9@12 per
to».
• ofRAW- 35@60c per bale.
July 31 31% • 31 . 31%
Mess pork, per bbl. — •- '¦__,'
Jcnuary 12 52 «4 12 67*4 12 50 12 67%
May 12 50 12 65 12 50 .12 63
Lard, per 100 lbs. — ¦ -
January <..:.:. 7 05 7 12% 7 06 7 12%
May ;*.».*. 7 20 7 23 . .7 20 7 22%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs.—
January .'. 0 47% « 55 6 47% 6 55
May 6 62% 6 67% 6 62%, 6 67%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. NOVEMBER S, 1904
Continued on I'aso Fourteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
C. V. WAGNER & CO.
AUCTIONEERS AND COMMISSION MER-
CHANTS,
115-117 BUSH STREET.
Canned Fruity at Auction
ATTENTION!
EXPORTERS. DEALERS. HOTELKEEP-
ER3, BAKERS. RESTAURANTS. GftCK*ERS.
STEAMSHIP COMPANIE3, RAILROA03
AND CONTRACTORS.
Just In time for your Thanksgiving and hoU-
22,860 J CASBS
«,-*_ •¦. Of the well-known high-grade
Canned Fruiti Vegetables
Selected and Put Up in the Napa Valley. Cali-
fornia. Will Be Sold AT AUCTION. •*¦'
THURSOAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
At 11 o'clock A. M., by Catalogue.
Removed Direct From the Napa Cannery
for Convenience of Sale to the Premises, 25
Battery Street. Between Bush and Pine. San
Francisco, California.
Consisting of Standard. Extra Standard*.
Extras, Solid Packs. Peaches, Apricots, Black
and White and Royal Ann Cherries. Oreen
Gages, Egg Plums. Blackberries, Tomatoes.
Etc.
REMEMBER Date. Hour and Place of Sale:
Thursday. November 10th. 1004. 11 o'clock
A. M.. 2S Battery Street, bet. Bush and Pine.
San Francisco.
C. V. WAGNER A CO., Auction and Com-
mission Merchants, 113 Bush Street. San Fran-
cisco. MAX COHEN, Auctioneer.
BIG SALE SECO3TD SALE OP BIG SALE
6O HEAD
MODOC
HORSES
Consigned by JOHN COLLINS and A. U
DICKS of Oregon.
GKNTLE WAGON HORSE3. 8TTIJSH
ROADSTERS. MATCHED TEAM3. FINQ
SADDLE HORSES, Will B« Sold Without Rs-
serve or Limit. - -.¦ •..-
THURSDAY. Nov. 10. 11 a, ex.
AT WESTERN HORSE MARKET,
230 VALENCIA ST.
E. STEWART. Auctioneer.
Every Bone will be. guaranteed to b* as
represented. .-"'<''*
• ¦• '
irv- Don't forget the big sal« Tuesday, No-
•Tifv vsmber 8. at 11 a. m., at 1140 Folsnm
st. of a lot of good, cheap horses and brood
mares; also a large assortment of wagons, bug-
gle«, carts and 40 sets of harness; 1 fast
pacer. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£»
Carload of gentle broken work and saddle
HORSES from SiskiyCu County will be sold
at crlvate sale.
FRED H. CHASE tc CO..
1732 Market st.. near Van Ness ave.
fe £a* &v
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. Novem-
ber 9. at 11 a. m. Sixty GOOD HORSE3.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. 'For Couch* nn il Colds children take
Plso's Cure without objection.' 25c. •
Wedding invitations printed "or engraved. Ed
ward Knowles Co., 24 Second St., nr. Market. •
ASKS DAMAGES FOR DEATH.— Suit
against the United Railroads for $20,465 dam
ages was begun yesterday by Mary ¦ L. Kane,
as administratrix - of ' the ¦ estate of Catherine
Kane, who died March 18 ¦ from injuries said
to have 'been sustained the day before by be
ing: run over by a Mission-street car at Elev
enth street y ..
REAR ADMIRAL KEMP TO ARRIVE —
Rear Admiral Kemp on Wednesday of this
w«ek will besrln the investigation of the af
fairs of the office of the United States Local
Inspectors of Steam Vessels in accordance with
orders, issued, by President Roosevelt -a few
weeks ago. — ,» ¦
IX?ct" re To-Night,
Mark Hopkins', Institute of _ Art, ' "LJfe and
Works of Michael Angelo." Illustrated; " 8
o'clock. Admission 60. cents. . - •
Trachoma is granulated Eyelids. Mu
rine Eye Remedy cures - this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak Eyes strong. •
TO TERMINATE TRUST.— Sidney H. Ped
dar and R. H. Lloyd, trustees of the ¦ estate
of William Arthur Green since 18S6. yester
day petitioned tbe Probate Court to terminate
the trust and pay them $10,000 - for services.
Their final report shows the receipt of $66,086
and expenditures of $62,580 03. The estate
owns realty at Eddy" and Market . streets, on
Howard street, near Fourth, and on Jones
street, near O'Farrell. v • -
'E. T. Allen, of the United^ States
Bureau of Forestry, and - hia -wife
K. Ogurl. who is attached to the Jap
anese legation in London, Is at the
Palace.
H. Jasper Smith of Johannesburg,
South Africa, registered yesterday at
the S,t. Francis.
Major I. F. Whyte of the British
army, who Is on his way to the Orient,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
J. L. Hestwood of San Jose, who
is engaged in mining in Alaska, is at
the Grand, having returned from the
north yesterday.
E. P. Boynton, prominent in the so
cial set of Boston, is at the St. Francis.
H. D. Slesing of The Hague Is at the
St.. Francis.
H. L. Ford of the Coast Geodetic
Survey is staying at the Occidental.
E. E. Goodlove, a well known min
ing man of Hodson, is at the Grand.
A. R. Sprague. a well known fruit
man of Sacramento, 'is at the Palace.
P. R. Helm, a prominent resident of
Honolulu, is a guest at the Occidental.
PERSONAL.
The train on which Spicer was kill
ed is used by the contracting company
for grading purposes in the Po
trero. Work for the day was com
pleted and a locomotive and several
cars were being backed into the yards
for the night. Spicer should have
thrown the switch to a side track,. but
instead he left -it on the main line
and the train, . which was moving at
a fair rate of speed, -crashed Into,sev
eral empty cars. Spicer was caught
in the jam and killed. The cars were
thrown from the track and several
hundred dollars' worth of damage
was done. Rpicer was 27 years of age,
was married and \ resided at 508
Twentieth street. .
George Spicer, a switchman for "the
Lantry Contracting Company, was
killed In the Potrero early last even
ing by being crushed between two
cars. The accident was due to
Spicer's own neglect in not throwing
the proper switch. A collision result
ed and several cars were badly
wrecked.
George Spicer Is Killed Through His
Own Negligence on Work Train
In the Potrero.
SWITCHMAN'S ERROR "\\ \ '*:¦
COSTS HDI HIS LIFE
Two years ago Dr. Stinson was "ap
pointed a member of the Board of
Health as the successor of Dr. Wil
liamson, and is now the senior member
of that body.
When asked yesterday concerning his
resignation the doctor said he had been
considering it for some time, and he
added that he regretted severing the
friendly, business relations that exist
between himself and the other members
of the board. Lately he has missed sev
eral meetings of the board, and he
considers it his duty to resign in order
that his place may be filled by some
other. physician who can give the proper
attention to the city's affairs.
Dr. J. Coplln Stinson has resigned his
position as a member of the Board of
Health. His letter of resignation was
handed to Mayor Schmitz yesterday
and was accompanied by a request that
It be acted on . at the earliest conve
nience of his Honor. Dr. Stinson at
tributes his retirement from the board
to two reasons, one being that his pri
vate affairs prevent him from devoting
the necessary attention to the business
of the board, and the other that he is
contemplating a trip-abroad and is anx
ious to free himself of all local respon
sibilities.
The bank has been In business only
since February first of this year, but its
assets are already nearly three-quarters
of a million. The paid-up capital is
$250,000.00. Interest is paid upon sav
ings from date of deposit. •"•.
The officers of the Mechanics' Savings
Bank report that their deposits already
amount to over $460,000,00. Half , a mil
lion dollars has been loaned on San
Francisco real estate.
New Bank Doing Big Business.
Dr. Stinson, Senior Mem
ber of Body, Hands Kesig
nation to Mayor Schmitz
Frank Barry, the 3-year-old son of
George Barry, a laborer, living at 39
Shipley street, was knocked down and
killed by an electric car early last
evening on Fourth, street, near Fol
som.. The child's skull was frac
tured and his body was badly
mangled.
According to the story told by the
boy's parents, he had been missing
from his home " but a ' few; moments
when news of the ¦ accident was
brought to them. It appears that the
lad was attempting to cross the track,
when he stumbled and fell directly in
front of a north-bound car. Before
Motorman George M. Eaglin could ap
ply the brakes the child was killed.
Eaglin was later arrested and charged
with manslaughter, at the Central po
lice station.
Little Frank Barry Meets Sadden
Death While Trying to Cross
Fourth Street.
Within the 'last month 2500 circu
lars were distributed in Sacramento
and a great number of these brought
results. The company announced that
a friend of the lady to whom the cir
cular was addressed had won a prize
In its "guessing contest" and that this
friend wished to tender the prize to
her. It requested that 30 cents b<*
forwarded for the purpose of paying
postage. In this way the concern
made its profits. Jurgens admits that
but few premiums were ever sent and
that the concern was not legitimate.
He says he was j employed by a man
named George H. Marshall and that
he had no other interest in it than
that of an employe. Marshall, he
says, left for «St Louis last Friday.
Captain Burnett is Inclined to dis
credit Jurgens' story and thinks that
Marshall is only a myth.
W. F. Jurgens, the agent of the "G.
S. Ward House Furnishing Company,"
a fake - concern, was taken into
custody by Detective Charles Cody
last night and locked up at the Cen
tral Police Station. It was the scheme
of the. alleged company to get'vic
tims in cities all over the coast. Al
ready the promoters had fleeced
Sacramento people out of a couple of
hundred dollars.
W. F. Jurgens, Representing the "G.
S. Ward House Furnishing Com
pany," Is Behind the Bars.
CHILD IS RUN OVER AND
? KILLED BY ELECTRIC CAR
POLICE ARREST AGENT
OF A FAKE CONCERN
arrived at the Occidental yesterday
from Washington.
' Cabell Whitehead, A. W. Ashby. J.
D. Ludy and George H. Russell, who
are Interested In mining In Alaska, ar
rived here yesterday from the north
and are registered at the Palace.
Josef Przedeckl, Consul General for
the Imperial Ottoman Government at
Breslau. Germany, who Is touring tK!a
country, arrived from the Bast last
evening and Is registered at the St.
Francis.
S. Akatsuka, third secretary of th«
Japanese legation at Washtnsrton.
delegated by the Japanese Minister to
¦welcome Prlnc# Fushlml, who arrives
from the Orient to-morrow, cams
from the East last evening and Is
staying at the St. Francis.
RETIRES FROM
HEALTH BOARD
Nicholas Dabovlch, one of the oldest
and most respected members of the
Servian colony on this coast, a pioneer
of California, died at his residence in
this city last Thursday evening. He
was S5 years old.
Mr. Dabovich came to California in
the spring of '52 and was one of the
first merchants to engage in the whole
sale fruit commission business, and
carried on large imports from South
American ports.
On Sunday a special service -was con
ducted at the late residence of the de
parted bv Father Sebastian. 1 There
were also services at tne Russian
church. The church was crowded with
friends of the deceased.
The ceremony opened immediately
after the usual Sunday communion
liturgy, the choir rendering an impres
sive chant of the collect for Ihe burial
service. *
Right Rev. Innocentlus, Bishop of
Alaska, read the burial service. The
Rev. Abbot Sebastian (a nephew of
the deceased) preached a sermon in
the Servian language, the text being
"I would not you to be ignorant,
brethren, concerning them which are
asleep, that ye sorrow not, even as
others which have no hope."
The interment was at the Servian
cemetery In San Mateo County.
REVERED MAN
PASSES AWAY
AT GREAT AGE
Unger is a popular man about town,
being a member of the Olympic and the
Family clubs. Race track gambling Is
given as the cause that led him to, go
wrong. He Is living at 1416 Fell street
and had been in the Custom-house ser
vice for nearly thirty years. He was
in hiding yesterday. To all inquiries
made at his residence the answer was,
"Xot at home." He was not to be found
at the clubs. He has disappeared from
I all his old haunts. Meanwhile the clos
! est reticence regarding the affair is ob
served by the Federal employes.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— Seizure
Clerk Cress Unger of the customs ser
vice at' San Francisco has been report
j ed here as 6hort in his accounts a few
I hundred dollars and has been suspend
ed pending an investigation. Unger was
formerly chief clerk, but was found
faulty, principally on account of
carelessness in the conduct of his work,
j and was taken from his place and
j given a less responsible position. In his
I new position Unger \ had considerable
opportunity for defalcation or diversion
of funds.but his shortage, so far. as yet
appears, does not amount to a large
sum.
In February, 1902, Unger was elevated
from the position of seizure clerk in the
Collector's office to the position of chief
clerk in the customs service. In June,
1903, he resigned, giving as the cause
that the duties were too arduous. He
then resumed the. duties of seizure
clerk, and the real cause of the change
in the service was kept quiet.
But it is now said that when Unger
left the position of seizure clerk in
February, 1902, he was short in his ac
counts about $2000. This, it is alleged,
he attempted to make good by turning
in payments of from $200 to $300 a
month. Unger's successor, Henry Farm
er, reported the shortages to Collector
Stratton, and it is now given out that
Unger was forced to resign his position
as chief clerk. Whatever money was
stolen was made • good and the crime
was kept quiet. Farmer succeeded
Unger as chief clerk, and the stealings
would not have been discovered had
not Unger continued his peculations.
But Unger found the temptations of
the seizure clerk's position too strong
for him. For several months It has
been suspected that valuable articles
of jewelry have been stolen from the.
mails! Investigation showed that the
stuff had been turned over to Unger. It
could be traced no farther.
When the seizure clerk learned that
his doings had been discovered he re
signed. Collector Stratton declined to
accept the resignation and suspended
Unger until- the situation can be sifted
to the bottom. . .
Regarding Unger's troubles, Stratton
declines to be interviewed.
"I must refer you to the authorities
at Washington," he said. "This is de
partmental business and I am not per
mitted, to discuss It. I can say that
Mr. Unger is suspended for cause."
As soon as the discovery of Unger's
second offense was made" Stratton
placed the case in the hands of Special
Treasury Agents West* and Channing.
They referred the . facts to the United
States District Attorney, who is absent
from the city. His return is expected
soon and then the charges will be taken
up. '
It is rumored that this is not the first
time that Unger has been under a
cloud in the same office. The other, his
accusers say, was smoothed by the in
fluence of friends.
cause their contents are deemed of lit
tle value.
EEIZURE CLERK IN THE CUSTOM
HOUSE WHO HAS BEEN SUS
PENDED.
Though a record of all packages
turned over to the seizure clerk is kept
by the Custom-house clerk who has
charge of foreign mail matter at the
ferry postoffice. the authorities are not
prepared to say how many people have
been fleeced in this manner. Some of
the parcels are not recorded at all, be-
The extent of Unger's peculations is
not known, but it exceeds $1500. The
seizure clerk handles all parcels from
European and Asiatic ports suspected
to contain dutiable goods. Some of
thepe are examined at the postoffice j
building at the ferry, others, sealed j
packages especially, are marked "bus- !
pected" and referred to the office of i
tho Collector of the Port. _ The charge j
made against T'nger is that he received
the dex>osits made on valuable parcels
and kept the money.
Cress Unger, seizure clerk in the of
fice of the Collector of the Port, has
been suspended for seizing for .his own
use deposits made on dutiable goods
transmitted through the mails.
Though strenuous efforts were made
V»y Collector Stratton and all those em
ployed in the Collector of the Port's of
fice to kwp it quiet, the news trans
pired yesterday.
The Board of Works transmitted a
copy of the map of the district affect
ed by the proposed change of grade
along the bay shore right of way of
the Southern Pacific Company. Tne
cost of the reconstruction of pave
ments is fixed at. $50,000, which expense
is to be borne by the company. .
Granting permission to Henry Whttley to
lay and maintain temporary tracks for grad
ing purposes from the bay shore right of way
of the Southern Pacific Company along Twenty
seventh avenue south to H street south, thence
to Twenty-fifth avenue south. '
Requiring persons confined in tho County
Jail to perform labor.
Fixing and establishing grades at certain
points on Twenty-third street. Landers street
and Elm avenue.
Granting permission to the Associated oil
Company to construct a tunnel under Mariposa
street near Pennsylvania avenue for a pipe
Authorizing the appointment of a machinist
to act as caretaker for voting machines and
election booths. .
Imposing a graduated license on Junk dealers
of $6, 53 and U per quarter, according to the
business done.
Tho resolution authorizing the Board
of "Works to proceed with tho con
struction of a fire engine housa and a
chemical house on Twentieth stroet,
near Connecticut, at a cost of $8000,
was referred to the Fire Committee.
The following ordinances were finally
Ti'isr.d:
Taxes paid under protest for schools
end a hospital by twenty-four tax
payers were ordered roJunded.
The board also ordered the construc
tion of a basalt block driveway nd
bituminous pavement at the election
booth warehouse at a cost of $1500.
The ordinances ordering the paving
and widening of Fourth street from
Market and Jloward at a cost of $17,500
and the paving with asphalt of II
street from Seventh to Twentieth ave
nues at a cost of {35,000 were passed
to print. The sidewalks on the north
erly half of H street were ordered
abolished.
The Board oC Supervisors yesterday
passed to print the ordinance provid
ing for the grant of a franchise for
forty-four years to the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe Railway Company
for a right of way for a steam road
along Indiana, Eighteenth. Sixteenth,
Eighth and Fifteenth streets, with a
connecting spur track on Sixteenth
street. The ordinance will be printed
for a period of ninety days in the of
ficial newspaper and at the end of that
time the ordinance will be finally pass
ed. Meantime the question of dam
ages to property to certain owners will
be settled before final passage of the
ordinance.
Gives Authority for Pav
ing and Widening of Tart
of Fourth and H Streets
ORDERS IMPROVEMENTS
PLAYING RACES GIVEN AS THE CAUSE
Old Employe Is Charged
With Various Thefts
Passes to Print Ordinance
Granting Santa Fe Com-.
pany Eight of Way
BOARD AWARDS
NEW FRANCHISE
UNGER IS ACCUSED
OF GRAVE OFFENSES
IN FEDERAL OFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY,- NOVEMBER .8, 1904.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. **
BEAUTY OF SKIN
PURITYOFBLOOD
Ancient and Modern Ideas od
These Interesting
Subjects.
UP-TO-DATE METHODS
For Purifying and Beautifying
tbe Skin, Scalp, Hair
and Hands.
Socrates called beauty a short-lived
tyranny, Plato a privilege of nature, .
Theocritus, a delightful prejudice,
Theopbrastus a sliest cheat, Carneades
a solitary kingdom, Homer a glorious
gift of nature, Ovid a favor of the
gods. Aristotle affirmed that beauty
was better than all the letters of rec-
ommendation la the world, and yet
none of these distinguished authorities
has left us even a hint of how beauty
Is to be perpetuated, or the ravages of
ege and disease defied. Time soon
blends the lily and tbe rose into the
pallor of age, disease dots tbe fair face
with cutaneous disfigurations and
crimsons the Roman nose with unsight-
ly flushes, moth, if not rust, corrupts
the glory of eyes, teeth, and lips yet
beautiful by defacing the complexion,
and fills the sensitive soul with agony.
If such be the unhappy condition of
one afflicted with slight skin blemishes, ¦
wh&t must be the feelings of those In
whom torturing humors have for
years run riot, covering the skin with
scales and sores and charging the
blood with poisonous elements to be-
come a part of the system until death?
It is in tbe treatment of torturing,
disfiguring humors and affection* ol
tbe skin, scalp and blood, with loss ol
hair, that tbe Cuticura remedies have
achieved their greatest success. Orig-
inal in composition, scientifically com-
pounded, absolutely pure, unchange-
able in any climate, always ready, and
agreeable to the most delicate and sen-
Eitive, they present to young and old
the most successful curatives of mod-
era times. fflffSfij
Q^nTco'cl CURE SICK HEADACHE.
IPittie Genuine Must Bear
II IVER Fac-Simile Signature
y pills. _Z<*~—
QQGQ0QO0QGQ0QQOQOOQQGQQQG0OQQQQQQQ QQQQ QQ
|| HUNTER-HUNTER I
| BALTIMORE (£j BALTIMORE 1
v— ' ffl ,£1 fXt gl *->.
§ spi 5«m > ' ¦ ' ~" I
o . §
2 • i . - O
Q — ¦ _ * r\
OjEfvm . hh fifr/l jKb5b&L» yHk Pa! tS3 R<1 PS» E&fifiSfil BB^ 1 £^1^-2*3 It5~9m9 fbi jess w'i^iiiiiJ e ss^'.^.--* - " v»«^
V * y JSr**%5\ . Rfl sLJ fx"j W^C'y^ifiF VsRI vOWvaKf i&3 is§» Kef B^^__ BS \£v3 ?jj IljTIumh "J ri fe« %£* nSj ME^mm tJ* [^1 I'*l if 1 " j I • I
o : . o
OHILBERT MERCANTILE CO., ... j^\
133-U4 Second Street San Francisco, CaL ' \*J
G' • , Telephone Private 313. —^
_ 0
Ol — ¦ — Ip
O00O00OO0OOOOOO0OO0OOOOO00OO0O0OO00OOOOO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vldamsl
IRISH
MOSS i
COUGH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BT THE BEST
PHYSICIANS FOB
Conjrha. Colds, Hoarscaets. Bron-
. chltl*. Croup la Children, and ;
. AU Throat and Xitiar Troubles
Try a bottl«^fo-day: don't wait till the
doctor says "COarSTUMPTXOJf.'*
95c; 50c AT All. SSX7OOISTS >:
CURES IN A DAY
L^ ¦ j