"S Jtm S?es/ynet//y Jtwattfnf the €nd/*
Says the *Doomed 97/an to Jif/s friends
- Continued* on "Page \2, [ Column 3.
. , CINCINNATI. Nov. j 16,-rC. A. Par
ker, aged 4 5 years, second vice presi
dent 'of the Cincinnati,^ Hamilton arid
Dayton and vice . president of the Pere
Marquette; Railroad, 'died in " his office
in the v Carew .building' here to-day
from heart r disease. . " :
Sudden Death ; of - Railway 31 an.
LONDON, Nov. 17. — The Morning
Post's Shanghai correspondent reports
that Japanese have crossed the frozen
Shakhe River and »that an important
engagement Is Impending. He also as
serts that the Port. Arthur garrison
made a counter, attack on the besiegers
the night of November .13 and were
driven back .with heavy, losses..
Japanese Cross the Shakhc.
RALEIGH. N. C. Nov. 16.— While
George Gould was shooting birds near
High Point in this State to-day, he ac
cidentally Bhot Edward Burns, an at
tendant. Several shots entered Burns'
eye. A specialist at Greensboro said
there was email chance of saving the
eye, and Gould at once sent the man to
New York, where eminent oculists will
be told to spare nothing that science
and skill can effect to save .Burns'
¦fcbt- iESMSiHBlfl
Hits the Man in the Eye While Out
Hunting In North
Carolina.
GOULD ACCIDENTALLY
SHOOTS AN ATTENDANT
WASHINGTON. Nov. 18.—Embas
sador Storrer has cabled the State .De
partment from Vienna that the Aua
tro-Hungarian Government Is willing
to participate In the second Hague
peace conference called by President
Roosevelt. This Is believed to be the
first official acceptance of the invita
tion, although It is known that most
of the European powers are willing to
attend the conference. With the con
ditional acceptances of the President's
invitation which are expected ' during
the present month, negotiations will
begin at _once to perfect tbe pro-?
gramme.
American Ernbassador. Cables That
Government Will Accept Invita
tion of President Roosevelt.
AUSTRIA WILL TAKE PART
IN PEACE CONFERENCE
HOBOKEN, N. J., Nov. 16.— All of
the" old family Jewels c-f the famous
Stevens family of Castle Point, Hobo
ken, have bee'n stolen from Mrs. Caro
line D. Alexander, sister of Colonel Ed
win A. Stevens, the present head of the
family/ who was the possessor of them
through the old family custom of pass
ing them down in direct line to the
brides of the house. Although 55 years
old, Mrs. Alexander was the last bride
in> the family, and was custodian of
the jewels, which were once worn by
Martha Washington.
The^ discovery of the loss was made
last night when Mrs. Alexander went
to get the jewels, in order to have
them ready for the marriage of her son,
Archibald S.' Alexander, whose engage
ment to Miss Helen* Barney was re
cently announced. They, were not to be
found and Chief of Police Hayes was
summoned and told point. blank that
the jewels had been 'stolen and that
they must be found. Hayes was in
structed-to spare no expense in tracing
the missing genis and within an hour
he had sent descriptions "of them all
over the country.
..The value of the jewels is "not given.
Their • principal \ value lies - in the fact
that. they are heirlooms. It is said that
their Intrinsic value is about $20,000.
BERLIN, Nov. 16. — The rumors of
a recurrence of Emperor William's
throat malady and the necessity for
another operation are received with
the greatest incredulity in the court,
medical and other well Informed
circles in Berlin. The Emperor's
fljiily course of life is such as to almost
in itself give the lie to the report. To
day, a wot and raw day, the Emperor
took a long ride in an automobile, and
lo Ft .Saturday, in similar weather, he
delivered a speech to soldiers who
ivere joining the colors, which would
hnv* been highly injudicious were his
throat weak.
Story That Second Operation on the
Emperor's Throat Is Necessary
Not Credited.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. " 16.— Political
aspirations and affiliations were for
gotten to-night when several hundred
representative men of the Republican
and Democratic parties assembled at
tho Commercial Club to congratulate
Vice President-elect Fairbanks.
John W. Kern, Democratic nominee
for - Governor, eat side by side with
Senators Beveridge and Fairbanks. The
trio joined in the enthusiasm when the
leaders of the two parties engaged In
friendly political repartee. Kern acted
as chairman of the meeting.
Senator Fairbanks remarked on the
lack of bitterness In the past cam
paign, which he believed was less than
ever before.
"In ail. my political experience," he
said, "no word has escaped my lips that
I would not utter . to my dearest
friends."
Political Animosities Buried In the
Felicitations in Indianapolis Over
His Election.
Jewels . Worn by Martha
Washington Disappear
From the . Stevens Home
BUSINESS MEN PAY
HONOR TO FAIRBANKS
BKRLIN BELIEVES KAISER
TO BE E5f GOOD HEALTH
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.— The news
that former President Cleveland had
contributed a bear for the piece de re
sistance of the semi-annual dinner of
the Canadian Camp, Association at the
St. Denis Hotel to-night, caused an un
expected rush of guests and a shortage
in the food supply. Provision had been
made for sixty guests and ninety came
to get a piece of the bear that Mr.
Cleveland bagged in the Adirondack!?.
The president of the association. Dr.
G. Lennox Curtis, announced that all
items on the menu represented the
prowess of members of the association
— "a bear from the Adirondacks, a swan
from Florida, a wild goOse from Can
ada, ducks from Maine, etc." 5 '*,'
Bruin's Haunches Contribute to the
Success of a Club Dinner in
New York.
THIEF TAKES
FAMOUS GEMS
MR. CLEVELAND'S RIFLE
* BRINGS DOWN A BEAR
CODY, Wyo., Nov. 16.— According to
news received by telephone from Ther
mopolis, one of the Cody bank robbers
lias been captured. He Is the larger of
th<? two men who robbed the Thermop
oiis saiuon last night. The prisoner ap
pears to fill the description of the out
law v.ho fchot Cashier Middaugh in the
attempted bank robbery in Cody.
The capture was made about three
quarters of a mile above the mouth of
Owl Creek, in the big va..ey a few
miles from Thermopolis. Three officers
rode cautiously upon the ruffian and
succeded in getting the drop on him be
fore he was aware of their presence.
Questioned as to the identity and
whereabouts of his partner he has re
fused to utter a single word. .Upon his
person were found a revolver and some
money that are known to. be the same
as that taken from Edwards', saloon
yesterday.
Slayer of Cashier Middaugh Sur
prised by Three Officers.
CODY BANK ROBBER TAKEN
close friends, deny the statement t hat
his trouble is cancer of the stomach,
but the denials are couched in language
so ambiguous as to , leave little doubt
that this is the real malady. Captain
Megrew. of Washington was a caller at
the Wallace home in this city a few
weeks ago .and General Wallace said
then that he , did - not expect to live
through the coming winter.
General Wallace has always taken a
deep interest in athletics and a week
ago last. Friday he -.was driven out to
the Wabash College campus to see the
football game between Wabash and In.
diana. He remained only a short time.
When, he returned home . he was so
weak that strenuous measures were
adopted to revive him.
-Two nurses are In attendance upon
him, one being on duty through the day
and the other at night. Members of the
family are kept within constant touch
with the general and are ready at any
moment to come to him.
CRAWFORDSVILLE, Ind., Nov. 16.—
"I am . resignedly awaiting ' the end,"
said General Lew Wallace to-day, to a
friend who came to seek a denial of
the press report that the author of
"Ben Hur" had been Informed by his
physicians that he. had less than three
weeks "more of life. The friend went
away disappointed, "for the soldier-dip
lomat could only confirm what the
press had said. . .
General Wallace has written to many
friends during the past month, prac
tically saying his farewell. He fully
realizos that the end is near, and the
approach of death finds him serene and
tranquil." Despite his growing weak
ness, his mind is vigorous, and he is
devoting his closing days to the com
pletion of a literary work, so timing his
efforts that he expects to finish it
within the allotted time.
Members of the family, as well as
"SOLDIEH. 'AUTHOR AND DIPLOMAT. WHO IS * SUFFERING tFROM THE RAY- j
AGES OF CANCER OF THE STOMA*CH AND UPON" WHOSE LIFE' A" " _
LIMIT HAS BEEN SET BY HIS PH TSICIANS. '- ,' ~ - -¦¦- , ' > ¦ ¦ i '
The three lions made their escape
from the "shifting" box, used in trans
ferring them from railroad cars, that
they might be taken to winteV quar
ters. The animals were unusually
frisky when taken from the car and
finally tipped the box over.
cinnati police force joined In the lion
hunt. The only damage done was to
William Johnson,- an animal trainer,
who was attacked by one of the
beasts while he was trying to prevent
its escape and was seriously injured.
Only prompt action on the part of
other circus employes saved him from
death. . . .
Terror reigned in the meantime.
Vrantic parents, wild with fear, hur
ried to the schoolhouaes to keep the
: hildren there, while every employe of
the circus and almost the entire Cin-
CINCINNATI. Nov. 16. — Pandemo
n!um reigned in Cincinnati this after
noon when three big African lions, be
ing unloaded from a circus train, made
their escape. Two were recaptured
within a comparatively short time, but
the third one bounded away toward
Norwood ar.d was not corraled until
tome time later, when It was found
in the woods.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Panic Caused by Escape of
Beasts From a Circus.
THRILLING LION CHASE
ON CINCINNATI'S STREETS
"Nan" Patterson's . interests are be
ing- cared for by Lawyers Abram
Levy, Henry W. Unger, Daniel O'Reil
ly and Philip Waldheimer.
Sprinkled here and there among the
spectators were pale-faced men from
Broadway and Forty-second street,
and' others who for the_ day had quit
the rialto and left it to other aspiring
thespians. for at this trial- there, is to
be brought' out the inside' doings of a
certain theatrical set and of racetrack
life. ; ]i .
At one time there was a craning of
necks and pushing forward of. ears
when Assistant District Attorney Rand
read! off the list of names of the per
sons ¦ he intends to call as witnesses.
This list was read in this order: John
R. Patterson, the defendant's father;
Marcus Mayer," the theatrical .man;
James Smith Jr. of New Jersey;
Edward Cozzens; Young Corbett. a
pugilist; Jockey Burns; Fred Herr,
formerly *a theatrical man, but now a
railroad .man on the Southern Pacific
Railroad; William A. Thompson, a
lawyer, or Thompson's wife; J. Mor
gan-Smith and his wife, Julia, a sis
ter of the. defendant, and George Con
sidine. . '.-¦ •"¦'.". "... " V
When called to the bar she walked
awkwardly thriugh . the court room
aisle with a' gait somewhat theatrical
In intent, but which developed into a
strut before she slid cown into • her
chair. ' An unusually small number of
women applied for admission to see
the beginning of what promises to- be
one of New York's most famous, mur
der trials: ¦";£¦/. •'"'.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16. — Four of the
furors who are to determine whether
"Nan" Patterson killed Caesar Young,
the bookmaker, have been selected.
The effort. to fill the rest of the chairs
in the Jury box will be continued be
fore- Judge Vernon M. Davis to-mor
r&w. •: The. jury- will base' its conclu
sions on circumstantial -evidence' '
) ;\The^ prosecution^ sjdmitted
that "a" witness is, to. be. produced who
will. testify to having seen."Nati" Pat
terson-shoot a man with whom she
had intimate : relations. With this
Knowledge In "mind the lawyers on
both sides questioned -the* talesman
specifically on this phase of the case
to learn if the prospective juror would
be. Influenced in his decision when the
revelation was ; made in the testimony
that this, illicit relationship existed be
tween . the Patterson woman and
Young, although the. woman knew
that Young was married.
"Nan" Patterson's features are not
regular and her paleness was accentu
ated by her black crepe de chine- gown
of modish cut and trimming and her
large black hat . and feather. Her veil
covered her face at times, while at
others it_was thrown up over her Jaun
ty headgear. The face is not attractive
either in repose or. when, as it fre
quently - was . to-day, contracted by
laughter or smiles. Her eyes are small
and of "hazy sluggish blue, devoid of
luster. Altogether she was an ordi
nary appearing young, woman who
looked as If she might We employed in
a Sixth avenue shop.
.While the talesmen were under ex
amination this woman sat with her
hands before her on the table with her
father," John Randolph Patterson of
Washington. D. C, at her side and fre
quently with his left arm thrown af
fectionately over the* back of his
daughter's chair. . "Nan" Patterson sat
coldly watching the faces of her pro
spective Jurors, evincing no emotion.
Special Dlsratch to Th« Call.
Theatrical People and Sporting Men
- in the List of -Witnesses to Be
. Called.' . -¦
Four Jurors Chosen on the
1 First Day to Hear
the Evidence.
"My sister then told me of how badly
Adolph had acted the preceding day.
She said: .'Julius and Invent down
into the garden and I took Earl with
me. I sat and Watched my husband at
his work and finally took up a shovel
and dug a little just for f-rn. I mad*
"Although he was a man of most aw
ful temper he was a good, kind, indul
gent father and provided well for his
family. Adolph, however, kept the
family in almost constant turmoil. He
annoyed his father and - sometimes
would not speak to his mother. He
was hateful and stubborn, but I never
saw him strike any one except his poor
little crippled brother. On last Thurs
day he was unusually ugly. I went
over to see my sister and took little
Earl home to his mother. I had been
taking care of Earl during the morn
ing, as Mrs. Weber was washing/
When I walked over to the house my
sister and I exchanged loving greet
ings. I told her Earl had been crying
for his mother, so I had brought him
home. I sat and talked with her for a
while. Presently Adolph cam^
into the yard. His mother said,
•Dolphy,' that being the name
the family called him, 'Will you go
down to the market and bring home
some meat for dinner? Your father
has been working very hard this
morning digging postholes and you
know, Dolpry, that I always like to
give him a good dinner when he is
doing anything especially tiring.'
Adolph passed her by without saying
a word. She asked him three times
and finally he snapped out a cross and
ugly 'No.' He then went upsairs
into the house and his mother, burst
ing into tears, said: 'Dolphy is so
mean and so hateful 'to- me- it nearly
breaks my heart.' She then followed
him into the house. and I heard her
say, 'Adolph, you are doing wrong.
If you get your father . down on you
it will go hard on you.' She then
came back to me and remarked:
•Adolph is so mrtin he will kill us all
yet. He Irritates his father , by his
ugly ways and then his father gets
mad at me and for a time is so ugly
that I can hardly stand it' '
SHOOK FIST AT HIS MOTHER.
"My sister and I had always been the
most loving of sisters/" said Mrs.
Snowden, in answer to a question pro
pounded by the Coroner, to show the
feeling that existed between the wit
ness and the murdered woman. "We
were neighbors," she continued, "and
met almost every day. I also loved my
niece, Bertha, and my little nephew.
Earl: I was on the most kind and
friendly terms with my brother-in-law.
My sis*'- and I confided all our
thoughts to each other. My sister was
a happy woman with her husband.
KEPT FAMILY IN ¦ TURMOIL.
She fully realized the terrible posi
tion in -which .she, was placed, but not
for ah instant did she hesitate to voice
the ¦ words that draw the net closer
around the Buspected nephew.
During her narrative Mrs. Snow
den's eyes were filled with tears and
when reference was made to the awful
scenes of last Thursday night, a shud
der of horror ran through her frame.
A deep silence reigned in the court
room until she told of the threat made
against her life by the prisoner and
then It was that the spectators gave
vent to their feelings in a murmur of
awe a--' indignation.
It was several minutes before the
sorrow-stricken witness partly re
gained her composure and was able to
resume her narrative. %
"I shall always think Adolph guilty
until he proves his Innocence to my
satisfaction," she added in a low and
quivering voice.
Young Weber was not present to
hear the testimony given by his aunt.
He probably knew of the incr^ninat
ing words that would fall . from her
lips and preferred the quiet of his
cell.
Mrs. Snowden. who is a refined and
quiet little woman, gave her testimony
In a straightforward manner.
This startling testimony was given
by Mrs. Snowden to-night at the offi
cial inquiry being conducted - by
Coroner Shepard into the murder of
the Weber family. Trembling from
head to foot and with tears
coursing down her cheeks, the wit
ness, who is a sister of the murdered
woman, slowly uttered the words
that sent a thrill of horror through
her auditors.
Other witnesses called were A. . B.
Fleming, who testified that \ Adolph
was in .front of the burning house
when the bodies were carried out.
Adrian - Wills : testified to the fact that
he took pity on Adolph onth'e night of
the fire and .took him to his home, al
though:, they . were not friends. He
stated there were some stains on the
underwear of that looked Hike
bloodi but he was not positive/ Wills
said that ' Adolph . occupied an apart
ment by himself ,- but ' that he. (Wills)
and a friend "sat up all night "to keep
an, eye' on proceedings. •"• . . , •:
I John /• Adams, the guard Jan 'of
Adolph,' was 'on'-, the . stand for a short
time, 'v After: being -pressed by, the Cor-
When < asked If she suspected any
other than Adolph she j replied, "I do
not suspect any one »!se of committing
this deed." ' V " .'
"It was on that awful Thursday,
about 5 o'clock, that Mr. Weber came
over to my place for a pail of water.
He was In a pleasant state of mind
and talked and joked with all of us.
He not only drew a pail of water for
himself, but he drew several for us.
Me bade us a cheerful 'good night' as
he went out through the gate."
Mrs. Snowden next related how* she
saw the blazing home of her sister
when she happened to go to a window
in her home. She testified that she
rushed across to the burning house.
The lire at- that time was In the
kitchen. She said she was frantic with
excitement and men who were there
grabbed her and prevented her from
running against the window to try and
save the family. She saw her niece
taken out of the burning building and
after that she was taken away from
the sickening sight.
Continuing, she said:
- "Friday morning after the fire
Adolph came to my house.* He
brought a newspaper containing an
article reflecting on him and showed
it to my sisters. Then, rushing at me,
he accused me of being the author of
it. I denied the charge, but I said
to him: 'Adolph, you know who did
the deed. . You dare not deny it to
me.' He flew in a towering passion
and shook his fist in my face, shout
ing, 'Have me arrested, for you will
be the next one.' He cameun later
the same day with Sheriff Keena." I
told Adolph that I would believe him
guilty until he was proven innocent
to my satisfaction, andtl want to state
to this court and right before the gen
tlemen of this jury that such is my
firm and positive belief."
-.¦¦'.-.-¦•
SUSPECTS HER NEPHEW.
Earl laugh and . that pleased Julius.
We were as happy as could be. Before
we went down to the garden Julius
said to Dolphy: 'You can pile up the
kindling wood while your mother and
I are. in the garden.' When we came
home Dolphy was sitting on the door
steps. His father said: *D61phy~ why
didn't you pile up the wood?' Dolphy
stood there perfectly silent, and his
father asked him the same question
three times, but Dolphy went into the
house without a reply. I followed him
in and told him he must behave him
self, but his reply was to shake his fist
in my face.'
Mrs. Snowden continuing said:
"Adolph was hateful to his" people. , He
thought they were in. his way. Bertha
was afraid of him.- for she said t6 me
one day 'I think Adolph is mean
enough to kill any one.' * The last time
I saw \ Bertha was Friday ! afternoon,
when ; she [called "to' see 'me oh her. way
from school..- She was very happy ''and
full of fun. tWe joked : and laughed I&h
gether. 5 I told ,;heKc£iat x her> mother
wanted her to go to town and get some
manna. I gave her the money and she
went back and got it. | On her way
back she. stopped in again and said she
wanted to go out with me that even
ing to visit some-friends, M'f;'and Mrs.
Landis. She said: 'I should like to go/
but added that it would -Dlease her
mother for her to take care of Earl
and she did not like' to always be plac
ing the. burden on her mother's shoul
d/rs. 'You know if Dolphy would only
stay at home occasionally in the even
ing and take care of Earl we could go
out. He will never do it, and if we
ask him he is so cross and ugly that. we
now never make any requests' of that
sort of him.' She then said good-by in
•a cheerful manner and went home.
THREATENS HER LIFE. »
AUBURN, Nov. 16;— "The morning after the lire
Adolph came to my house. He was in a terrible rage.
He shook his list in my face and said 'ypjv have stated I
'am responsible for the murder of my family. I want you
to swear out a warrant for my arrest. Your turn is com
ing next.*'
Nan Patterson's Case
Opens in New
York.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
James H. Cary, an attorney at law,
graduate of the Hastings Law College,
a^id well known about town.* was taken
Into custody yesterday by United
States Secret Service Agents George
W. Hazen and Thomas B. Foster and
placed in the City Prison on a charge
of feloniously abstracting gold from
iouble eagles.
Hazen acd Foster had been on his
trail for more than two years. While
they felt certain tliat Cary was respon
sible for the crime, he was so wary
that they were obliged to wait until
now before they apted.
The case is so complete, the evidence
so overwhelming that Cary acknowl
edged his guilt and shewed how he had
drilled holes Into the rims of the twen
ty dollar pieces and taken from $2 90 to
{3 worth of gold from t each. Twelve
holes were drilled in each coin from
the edge to the center, all converging.
The gold dost taken out was placed in
a spoon-shaped depression on a
block of charcoal and then fused
into a button by means of a flame
from a blowpipe. Cary, in order
to disguise the character of the : gold
that he was selling, alloyed each but
ton v ith about cents' worth of silver.
The hoJes he filled with pieces of brass
•wire cut to the requisite length and
filed smoothly at the top. Then the
top of the wire and the edge of the coin
vrere filed and gilded to disguise the
hole.
The prisoner said that during the
last three years he had drilled, on an
average, one twenty dollar piece per
day, or a total of at least 1000 of the
coins. Starting with one drilled dou-
ble eagle he used to change it at a
store, usually receiving three five dol
lar pieces and the remainder in silver.
Then he changed the five dollar pieces,
each one at a different place, for silver,
and changed the twenty dollars in sil
ver for a gold piece, which he after
ward drilled.
As he came out of his-Toom at 1S3S
Filbert street he was placed under ar
rest by Hazen and Foster. They found
in his pocket a drilled double eagle
which he was on his way downtown .to
have changed, and a gold button val
ued at about I*, the result of the drill-
Rig of two coins. Taking him back to
his room they found a drill, several
files, a vise, a block of charcoal and a
pint bottle filled with cut pieces of
brass wire. ¦>
"I'm guilty. You've got me." he said.
"There's no usa denying it. I hope this
¦will straighten me out. Jt's coming to
me all right. How is Cress linger coni
ing out in his trouble?"
The first person to detect a drilled
coin was Thomas Burns, cashier of the
United States Subtreasury. That was
three years ago. He reported to the se
cret sen-Ice men. They found where
the buttons had been sold and got a
description of the seller. On May 2«?.
1902. Agrent Foster saw Cary change
?20 in silver for a $20 gold- piece in the
Swiss- American Bank. All bank tell
ers were notified, but the work of Cary
was so clever that the fraud could not
be discovered without actually weigh
ing the coins, except when they had
been much used the gilding wore off
and showed the tops of the" brass wire.
Gary's mother, sister and brother re
side at 930 Chestnut street. He is 33
years old and a hard drinker.
Mrs. Snowden Says Prisoner
Hated His Relatives.
ON TRIAL
FOR MURDER
OF YOUNG
DRAMATIC SCENE AT THE CORONER'S INQUEST
Aunt of Alleged Murderer
Tells of His Threats;
HE CONFESSES HIS GUILT
LIKE a man condemned, Awaiting the day of bis execution. General Lew Wallace, the soldier and an
thor, is wa tdilng the* minutes speed by. A victim of cancer, he was told by his physicians several
days ago that he had but three weeks to live. He is crowding the few days that arc left to him
with mental toil, in .the hope of completing a literary work upon .which he was engaged when the dread
malady seized upon him. The general awaits the end in serene resignation. He has written or spoken
farewells to numbers of his friends.
Cary Debases Thousands of
Double Eagles.
GIVES DAMAGING TESTIMONY
AGAINST YOUNG WEBER.
GENERAL LEW WALLACE
SERENELY FACES DEATH
LAWYER DRILLS COINS
/<- THE "WEATHER.
"; Forecast made at Saa Fr«ncl«co for
thirty hours cndlsr midcljht. Novem-
Eaja.rraacJsea aad vicinity—O«ner
a'ly cloudy Thursday; fresh southwest
wind. O. H. TTI&LSOZf,
Local Forecaster,
Temporarily In Charge.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Climbers."
CALIFORNIA— "A Friend of the Fun.
tiy."
CENTRAL— "Winchester."
COLUMBIA — "The County Chairman."
CHUTES— Vaudrvilte.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND — "The Fatal Wedding."
MAJESTIC— "Hearts Aflame." Matl
r»« to-day.
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matinet to
day. . ..
TIVOLI— "Th« Messenger Boy."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 170.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1904.
The San Francisco Call.He Tackled a Horse.
W. W. • Hefelfinger; formerly a
mighty football player, was driving
along Hennepln avenue, Minneapolis,
the other morning, when - he heard a
runaway horse- approaching.. The
frightened animal was attached to a
buggy in which sat a screaming wom
an. ."Pudge," as his friends call him,
jumped from his own conveyance,
handed the reigns to a passer-by and
waited for the runaway. As the ani
mal lunged post thg football j player
made a splendid tackle, securing a
hold on the thnpatlatch, and brought
the horse to a standstill Inside half a
block. Then he drove, away, quietly
remarking: "That's the first time any
thing gained so much ground after I
tackled it."— Chicago Chronicle. - :',
At a recent conference of the trade In
Leicester," the president of the Insti
tute of Carriage Builders said that
practically the whole of the wheel
making/ industry of; England had been
captured by, America. ... .
AFGHANISTAN'S KILL SLAVS.
BAND TO GIVE CONCERT.— Th« Flr»t
California Regiment Band. N. O. C. will give
a concert at the Youn? Men's Christian Asso
ciation to-morrow evening. A select musical
programme will be riven.
HULL. Enpland, Nov. 16. — All of
the witnesses examined to-day in the
North Sea inquiry reiterated emphat
ic denials that any strange vessels
were among the trawler fleet or any
thing that could be mistaken for tor
pedo-boats. The skipper of the Mino
said the Russians were so. close that
the fishermen could hear the bugle
calls which preceded the firing. The
third Russian vessel was only fifty
yards off when she fired. -V
On cross examination the skipper
informed Dr. Woodhouse that he con
sldeAid the Russians to be "demons
possessed" when he realized that they
were firing live shots. The skipper
of the Gull, the last witness, replying"
to Dr. Woodhouse, said that when the
trawler Crane's lights were extin
guished after the firing ceased he mis
took the Crane for a torpedo-boat.
The Inquiry was adjourned.
Skipper of a North Sea Trawler Gives
Uncomplimentary Opinion.
MUKDEN, Nov. 16. — It has been
generally quiet along the Russian line
to-day, varied by occasional artillery
exchanges. There have been fewer
skirmishes for some days past. Rein
forcements continue to arrive and one
whole regiment was received In a
single day. There is reason to believe
that there will be important develop
ments shortly, and, possibly, heavy
fighting. The weather is clear and In
tensely cold at night.
Slav Reinforcements Arriving.
Explode, a Russian Mngazlne and
Many Soldiers Perish.
LONDON, Nov. 16. — A dispatch to
the Pall Mall Gazette f rorri Moscow
says a telegram received there from
Eaku announces that trouble has oc
curred between Russians and Afghan
istans at Kushk. in Itusaian Turkistan.
The Afghanistan?, it is added, explod
ed a Uussian magazine and many sol
diers were killed.
Port Arthur's I^i-cignerj* Are Well.
CHEFU, Nov. 16. — A private letter
received this' evening from Port Ar
thur requests the press to publish a
Statement to the effect that all the for
eigners there are well and that none
ot them have been wounded during
lint tlehUng.
One of the worst and greatest draw
backs to railway travel In Italy is
the want of accommodation. on many
of the trains, and strangely enough
this applies to a greater extent on long
distance trains than those made up for
short Journeys. We have no hesitation'
in saying that for any party of four or
five persons wishing to travel let us
say from Rome to Naples (six hours)
and desiring to sit together it is neces
sary to arrive at the station at least
three-quarters of an hour before the
time at which the train is advertised
to start. Even then we say without
exaggeration that the . thing is no
certainty. The use of a smoking car
riage with any degree of comfort Is al
most an impossibility.
One may arrive alone, in . reasonable
time for the train, only to find that the
very few first-class smoking compart
ments have long ago been filled with
ladies and children or more^probably In
valids. We speak as a first-class pas
senger only, and, so far as we have ob
served, the second-class accommoda
tion on Italian trains can still be
recommended. The overcrowding and
discomfort here are stretched to their
utmost limits, while the third-class
carriage may be dismissed In a few
words. This conveyance in the form of
a cattle truck is. open to' all the winds
that blow, and appears to be used
chiefly for the transport of troops.
The only sitting accommodation con
sists of a series of benches fitted cross
,wlse at intervals of two to three feet,
while on the outside Is indicated in
large lettering the number of men
which the authorities are permitted to
stow away — all very almilar to our
own railway trucks, upon' any one of
which we may read the printed regula
tion as to weight of goods or number
of animals which it Is safe for this
form of vehicle to carry.— Chambers
Journal. '.V '
Lack of Conveniences Hamper . Travel
and Tax Patience of Those
* , Who Journey.
ITALIAN RAILWAY TRAINS
ARE BEHIND THE TIMES
CHEFU. Nov. 16.— The Port Arthur
Nova Krai of November 11 prints brief
details of a daring exploit which re
yulted in the finking of a four-funneled
Japanese torpedo-boat destroyer.
Japanese torpedo-boats and one de-
Btroyer were engaged in removing
mines, mostly their own, from Tache
Bay on November 3. Midshipman Dl
mitrieff conceived the Idea that he
could torpedo the Japanese boats under
covrr of darkness, as the latter were
very busy and enjoying a fancied se
curity. It was the very audacity of the
plan, the Nova Krai says, that made it
successful.
Securing a steam launch from the
battleship Retvlran, one carrying a
torpedo tube, and accompanied by a
half-dozen silent volunteers,- Midship
man Dimitrieff, in the dense dark
ness, slipped out of the harbor and
succeeded in evading the Japanese
searchlight*. .Circling around the Jap
anese boats, with the launch moving at
top speed, the midshipman came within
striking distance from the seaward
side and lauchod his projectile.
It sped Xrue to the destroyer. There
Russian Midshipman's Darin? Costs
•Tnpan a War Vessel.
EMULATES BRAVE MAKAROFF.
The testimony of George Ruth, who
first entered the burning home where
the murdered people lay, was. listened
to in the deepest sllnc*. He told how
he and Guy Lukens smashed. In , the
windows. and tore down the uhades in
their first endeavor to enter'the house.
They were forced back by the dense
During the hearing Mr. and ! < Mrs.
Snowden, Mrs. Hess and Miss ¦. Alice
Hess, relatives of Mrs. Weber, occupied
seats In the courtroom. Mts. Bnowden,
who Is a sister of the murdered woman,
experienced the greatest difficulty in
maintaining her composure. " Frequent
ly she gave vent to her feelings in
tears. • v^ijj?-
FINDING OF THE BODIES.
Tabor replied that never before had
he heard of a public prosecutor . at
tempting to Intimidate a committing
magistrate, nor had he ever before
heard an attorney trying to instruct a
Judge as to how a case should' be
heard. He contended that many of the
questions asked by Robinson were not
permissible and that the testimony he
was seeking to introduce would never
be allowed to go before a Jury.
Justice Smith managed to smooth
over matters until the noon recess, but
the attorneys were still In Irate mood.
Just prior to the closing of the day's
session. Attorney Tabor again entered
protest against the line of procedure of
the District Attorney. He said that
irrelevant questions were being s pro
pounded to the witnesses and he asked
the court to instruct the District Attor
ney to co"hflne himself to a proper and
legal Inquiry,
Justice Smith again acted the part of
peacemaker and the session closed
without further incident. * " .
During the morning sespi6n T there,
was constant bickering between Dis
trict Attorney Kelly Robinson and Ben
P. Tabor, counsel for the prisoner. The
District Attorney complained of fre
quent interruptions by Tabor and an
nounced that unless he was permitted
.to conduct, the Inquiry t In the manner
he deemed best he would drop the pro- 1
ceedings before Justice Smith and take
the case into a higher court. '¦,"'¦• ,; •¦:
ACTS AS PEACEMAKER.
Weber appeared cool and defiant
this morning when he was taken before
Justice E. O. smith for preliminary ex
amination en the specific charge of
having murdered his mother, Mrs.
Mary Weber. Only once during the
proceedings did he evince the least in
terest in the proceedings and that was
when George Ruth testified that he
(Ruth) had carried the body of little
Earl Weber out of the burning home
on the night of the terrible tragedy.
Springing to his feet and quivering
from head to foot, Weber, in a clear,
cold, ringing voice, exclaimed: "George
Ruth, you did not do it." Weber's at
torneys caught him by either arm and,
forcing him back Into his seat, ordered
him to remain quiet. The testimony
was contradictory of that given by
Weber at the Coroner's Inquest Tues
day. Weber testified on that occasion
he had carried his little brother from
the burning dwelling Into the yard.
WEBER BECOMES EXCITED.
oner he produced the following letter
written to him by Adolph:
"If a person had murdered his
father would he leave his brother
alive? Earl was not shot to tell on
him. If a person murdered his fam
ily, leaving his brother urishot, would
he rescue that brother from death to
tell on him ? If a person in posses
sion of his wits had murdered his
family, leaving his brother unshbt,
would he leave the bodies in a room,
where there was no fire? If he had 1
set the house on fire to- cover the
crime would he not leave^ the bodies
in the flames to burn?"
The inquest will be resumed . to
morrow night.
Other witnesses who testified to be
ing present on the night of the fire
were John L. Predom, Moses G. Pre
dom, C. H. Morrow, J. C. Campbell and
J. F. Landis. Their testimony was Im
material:
EJ H. Elder testified that he was one
of the first to arrive, at the burning
home and as he rushed around the
house he met Adolph Weber and
asked: "Is there anybody in the
house? Are they upstairs or down
stairs?" Weber, he said, replied in an
unconcerned manner, "I don't know."
Weber then stepped back about four
feet from the house and threw a small
bundle against a window; smashing the
glass. The bundle went Into the burn
ing house. Weber then began kicking
the lower part of the window with his
heel. That was the last that Elder saw
of him until the fire had died out.
Dr.' R. E. Rooney, who had made an
examination of the victims after the
fire, reported the finding of bullets. in
their bodies. Mrs. Weber, he testified,
was shot twice. One bullet passed
through her body and was found in the
back, near the spine. . The other bullet
wound was found under her left arm
and the shot appeared to have been
fired from the back.
The examination will be resumed to
day.
smoke that poured out on them, but
they finally climbed into the room.
There was not a ray of light; all was
dark as night. They groped around
and Ruth stumbled over something
which proved to be' the feet of
a . wqrrian. ..With, the assistance of
Lukens he lifted her up and bore
her. to the window. As the night breeze
swept over her flames burst out in her
clothes i and het^body was burned al
most beyond recognition."
Ruth • continuing said that he went
back Into the blackness and smoke anil
stumbled over another body, which
proved to be that of little Earl. He
grabbed the little boy in his arms and
groped his way to the window. It was
at that Juncture that Adolph Weber
arose ' and pointing his finger at the
witness, exclaimed: "George Ruth, you
did not do it." . .
Ruth- in conclusion said that, while he
held the child in his arms it was gasp
ing for breath.
Guy Lukens followed and his testi
mony was mainly corroborative of that
given by Ruth. The sisters of the mur
dered woman wept as he told his story,
but the son, who is accused of the aw-,
ful crimes, retained the calm and com-
Insure that has marked his bearing
and his manner since the day of the
awful tragedy.
TELLS OF MEETING WEBER.
Continued From Page 1. Column 4.
Gives' Damaging Evidence Against Weber
LIKENS RUSSIANS TO DEMONS.
The husband of Haritena Korotkie
witch was serving at Port Arthur. In
endeavoring to Join him sne was stop
ped at Harbin and not allowed to pro
ceed farther, .owing to her sex. She
then donned masculine attire and suc
ceeded in reaching Port Arthur shortly
befc-re the landing of the Japanese on
the peninsula of Liaotung.
Finding her husband's regiment, she
enlisted in It. She participated in nu
merous sorties and in the defense of
the forts, and although her sex was
soon discovered, her record for bravery,
tirelessness . and attention to the
wounded and the excellent moral influ
ence Ehe exerted over me soldiers, who
never swore in her presence, won her
permission to remain in the ranks.
While fighting side by side with her
husband the latter was wounded. His
wife nursed him until the crisis in hib
case was passed, when she returned to
the front, where she became a messen
ger to Captain Gouzakofiky of the
Thirteenth Regiment. In the perform
ance of her duties as messenger she
was often seen riding fearlessly from
one pcrsition to another, seemingly un
affected by the bursting of shells or
the din of battle.
On October 13 she visited the trenches
with dispatches, when huge shells from
the Japanese guns struck and destroy
ed the Russian position. Haritena Ko
rotkiewitch and eight others were
killed. They were buried in one grave,
with the Russian flag wrapped around
Haritena's body. The Nova Krai con
cludes its story by saying:
"Haritena Korotkiewitch had won
the respect and admiration, not only of
the soldiers but of the higher officers
and had shown all how to die nobly."
CHEFU, Nov. 16.— The Port Arthur
newspaper. Nova Krai, of November
12, copies of which were brought to
Chefu this morning by the Russian tor
pedo-boat destroyer Ratstoropny, con
tains a romantic story of Haritena Ko
rotkiewitch, who, although a woman,
served valorously in many- fights at
Port Arthur until death closed her
strange career. The Nova Krai gives
many details regarding the adventures
of the woman, which combine to make
the story one of undoubted authen
ticity. .
Woman Fights and Dies in the Port
Arthur Trendies.
RUSSIAN' JOAN OF ARC.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 16.— Three
hundred engineers have already been
dispatched by Prince Kilkhoff , Min
ister of Railroads, in connection with
the preliminary; work of double-track
ing the Siberian Railroad.
To Begin Great Railroad Project.
"I am profoundly touched by your
Majesty's speech. I thank your Ma
jesty in my own name -and in that of
my Queen for your most cordial and
hearty reception, which we most sin
cerely # appreciate. The words you i
spoke at Lisbon, which have now be
come historic, have touched the hearts
of all my subjects. Coir alliance, as
your Majesty has Justly said, is of an
cient date, and I am happy to say your
Majesty will always find the same loy
alty and the same class of men as
those who in former. times shed their
blood side by side with Englishmen."
- A special train for the guests left
Windsor at a late hour. King Charles,
accompanied by the Prince of Wales,
shot in the Windsor Park to-day and
made a record bag of pheasants. King
Edward did not shoot, being lame
owing to a slight injury to his foot
The feature of the entertainment of
the King and Queen of Portugal will
be a visit to London, a procession
through the city and a luncheon at the
Guild Hall. .' ;. ;
The company then drank to the
health of the royal guests. The King
of Portugal said:
"I am glad to think," he said, "that
the feeling between our two countries
is of the most amicable kind. It dates
back a long period, nearly 700 years
ago, when the first treaty between Por
tugal and. England was made In the
reign of Edward I. About 100 years
later a treaty was made at Windsor,
and I. am glad to think that this very
day 'a treaty of arbitration has been
signed here. Long may the good feel
ing continue which now exists. Long
may we work together for the cause of
humanity and for the maintenance of
peace."
SENTIJEENT RECIPROCATED.
There were only two speeches. That
of King Edward, toasting King
Charles, was followed by the Portu
guese anthem and the British anthem
was played" when King Charles, had re
sponded wlth~a tdast to King Edward.
King Edward expressed his own and
the Queen's thanks and gratification at
the visit, recalling the hearty welcome
he himself had received at Lisbon last
year.
naught. Princess Beatrice of Batten
berg and the Duches3 of Portland. At
the left of Queen Alexandra, were the
Duchess of Connaught, Princess Vic
toria of Wales, Slgnor Paiza, the
Italian Embassador, and Princess
Victoria Patricia, *
LONG STANDING PEACE.
• There is no known way of insulating
Bin- ; /•'..,
Czar Wants American-Built Ships.
ST. ; PETERSBURG, Nov. 16. — A
number of the ships on the Russian
naval programme for next year will
be laid down, abroad and several, of
them probably will be constructed in
the United States. One of the con
tracts is likely to go to the Union Iron
Works of San Francisco.
I NEW YORK, Nov. II. — commanaer
i Booth-Tucker, who for eight and a
! half years has been at the head of the
| Salvation Army In this country, sailed
to-day for Liverpool. He was accom
panied to the pier by 500 Salvationists
{ and their friends.
Commander Booth-Tucker Sails.
LIBAU, Russia, Nov. 16. — The second
division of the Russian second Pacific
squadron sailed to-day. It consists of
the cruisers Oleg and Izumrud, the
auxiliary cruisers Kuban, Terek and
Orel, the cruisers Rlon and Dnieper
(formerly the St. Petersburg and Smol
ensk), and the torpedo-boat destroy
ers Liany, Rezity, Gromki, Grozny and
Prozorllvy. The division is expected
to overtake Rear Admiral Voelker
sam's division by-way of the Suez
canal.
Second Division of the Baltic Fleet
Starts for the Far East.
• WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— President
Roosevelt has removed from office
Frank H. Richards, United States
Marshal . for the" ". Nome district in
Alaska, and has requested the resigna
tion of Judge Melville C. Brown of the
Juneau district. 'This action Is the re
sult of the Investigation of the Alaska
Judiciary made recently ¦; by Assistant
Attorney General Day. «The case of
Judge Alfred C. Moore of the Nome
district is held in abeyance.
Attorney General Moody had a con
ference with the President to-day at
which the report of Assistant Attorney
General' Day on the conditions as they
were 1 developed by an Investigation
which he made last summer was 'con
sidered. At the conclusion of the con
ference Attornew General Moody made
the announcement of the President's
action.
The Investigation made by Judge
Day involved practically all the mem
bers of the' Alaska Judiciary In charges
and counter- charges. H« worked on
the i case for many weeks, making a
special trip to Alaska to obtain In
formation on the subject. He com
pleted his report recently and placed
It in the hands of the President. The
President's action was based on the
findings of Judge Day.
The nature" of the .charges against
the officials was not made publio in
detail, it being deemed advisable not
to publish at this time tha report made
by Judge Day. It Is known, however,
that the charges involved selfish, if not
corrupt, practices, before the Alaska
courts in mining claim cases.
The charges against Judge Brown,
who was appointed from Wyoming,
were in effect that he had a personal
interest In mining cases which were
before his. court and that he had ap
pointed his secretary as receiver of
some properties which were In litiga
tion. > '
Charges have been made from time
to time against "nearly all the Federal
officials of 'Alaska, Governor Brady not
being exempt, but It Is said* that the
action of the President to-day finally
closed the matter of the charges, offi
cials* of the administration being , satis
fied that Governor Brady, James
Wickersham of the Yukon district and
other officials involved In them have
acted In the best interests of the Terri
tory. Judge Wickersham . to-day was
reappointed.
MORE SLAV WARSHIPS SAIL.
The loan was heavily oversubscrib
ed in London, but local bankers had
not hftard last evening how great an
interest was being taken in the bond
issue in the East. President Hellman
of the Nevada Bank stated the severe
storm which has played havoc with
the telegraph service along the Atlan
tic seaboard was probably responsib'o
for the lack of news on the subject.
II is expected that New York bankers
will loan money readily on the Japan
ese securities, as they are generally
considered a splendid investment. The
people of San Francisco have sub
scribed more numerously and for
larger amounts than was forecasted
by the financiers who negotiated the
loan.
A large number of applications for
Japanese bonds were made at the Ne
vada Bank yesterday. The sum sub
_«cr.ibed during, .the day amounted to
nearly $200,000. Most of the invest
ors wanted only small amounts in the
securities. The total subscription in
San Francisco for the last three days
is $1,313,000, which is considered re
markably large for a city of this size.
Third Day's Subscription for Securi
ties Amounts to Nearly Two Hun
dred Thousand Dollars.
JAPANESE BONDS FIND
NUMEROUS PURCHASERS
Report Made by Assistant
Attorney General Day Is
Ground for the Order*
Issued by the President
The Gamboa an,d Gaveo districts
were centers of disturbances this
afternoon.
i RIO JANEIRO, Brazil, Nov. 16. —
' General Travassos, who was elected by
! the military cadet3 to succeed General
i C03tallent, their desposed command-
Unt, 13 expected to die from the wound
which he received In the encounter be
tween the cadets, the soldiers and the
police yesterday.
The church officials declare in the
most positive manner that, although
! they opposed compulsory vaccination,
they did not encourage any uprising.
Both houses of Congress to-day
adopted resolutions declaring that a
state of siege will exist at Rio Janeiro
and Its neighborhood for thirty days.
President Alves, In a message to
Congress, said he can and will re
i store order and Is only embarrassed
i by certain forms which prevent him
! from arresting the Deputies and Sena
| tors who are directing the dlsturb
! auces.
The guests, numbering 166, included
members of the royal family, foreign
representatives at the court of St.
James/Cabinet Ministers, leaders of
the opposition, military and naval offi
cials and others prominent in the high
est circles of Great :Britaln.
The banquet was served at one table.
Kinff Edward sat at the center, with
Queen Amelie at his right, and farther
to the right were the' Prince of Wales,
the Duchess of Argyle, Paul Cambon.
the French Embaasador; the Duchess
of Connaught, Count Wolff-Matterich,
the German Embassador, and Princess
Victoria of Schleswlg-Holstein. On
King Edward's left were Prince Ar
thur of Connaught, Princess Christian
of Schleswig-Holstein. \ Embassador
Choate, Prince Louis of Battenberg,
Masuras Pasha, the Turkish Embassa
dor, and Princess Louise Augusta of
Schleswig-Holstein. King Charles,
with Queen Alexandra at his left, sat
opposite King Edward. At King
Charles' right were Prince Christian of
Schleswig-Holstein. the Princess of
Wale3, Duke de Mandels, the Spanish
Embassador; Prince Margaret of Con-
LONDON, Nov. 16.— The state ban
auet at Windsor . Castle, to-night in
honor of King Charles and Queen
Amelie of Portugal equaled in bril
liancy the' previous 'magnificent func
tions! et which European rulers have
been the guests of Great Britain's
reigning monarchs .In the. historic St.
George's Hall.
ACTION BASED UPON
CONDUCT OF COURTS
The nature of the Russian fire indi
cates a scarcity of certain kinds of am
munition. All prisoners taken by the
Japanese tell a story of increasing
hunger. It is claimed that the Rus
sian commanders are divided on the
question of continuing the defense. If
this is true it fits the theory that the
Kastoropny carried dispatches passing
the question to the Emperor.
The general further stated that the
surrender report was all the more ridic
ulous as? several vessels had broken the
blockade and reprovisioned the garri
son. He added:
•"General Stoessel also knows that the
Second Pacific squadron is on its way."
TOK1O, Nov. 17 (9 a, m.).— The opin
ion is expressed here that the Russian
torpedo boat destroyer Rastoropny car
ried to Chefu extended dispatches ex
p'.aining to St. Petersburg the situation
at Port Arthur, the condition of the
Russian squadron and the shortage of
food and ammunition, referring the
question of further resistance to the
Russian Government.
A general who was with the Em
peror this afternoon and who knows
the contents of General StoeKtel's mes
sage said that all tbe talk, about Gen
oral Stoeasel asking for instructions to
surrender was absolutely false. He
said he was not at liberty to disclose
the nature of General Stoessel's report,
but he remarked:
"Only when the last biscuit Is eaten
and the last cartridge fired will the
garrison surrender the fortress. I can
state this positvely."
Considering the authority, the gen
eral's words may be accepted as a re
flection of the views of the Emperor
himstlf.
General Stoessel believes he will be
able to withstand the Japanese as
saults for sume time to come. The
blockade has been run by a ship 'with
a cargo of war munitions, food and
Ivspita! supplies. Some warships in
the harbor have been damaged by shell
fire, but not seriously. Many guns
have been removed from the ships and
mounted on shore, where large drafts
of the crows arc taking turns in aiding
the garrison In Kb historic defense of
the fortress.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 17 (2 a- m.).
General Stoessel's report, conveyed id
Chefu from Port Arthur by the tor
pedo-boat destroyer Rastoropny, has
not been given out. but it has been
joarned that it contains no request for
instructions legarding the surrender of
Port Arthur. It Is intimated that the
report goes at considerable length into
the details of the recent fierce fighting.
but says that the interior line of de
fenses remains Intact."
was a sudden explosion and the de
stroyer sank immediately.
The launch then sped toward the
harbor." but was not pursued, the Jap
anese evidently not Jiaving observed
the launch and believing that the de
stroyer had struck one of their own
mines.
The Rastoropny carried sealed orders
providing that, unless there came a
highly favorable opportunity to escape,
the vessel should be blown up. Suffi
cient powder for this purpose was se
creted before the destroyer left Port
Arthur. Small charges of powder,
placed in each of the watertight com
partments, were exploded.
Two Japanese torpedo-boat destroy
ers were seen at the mouth of the har
bor to-night and their presence un
doubtedly precipitated the action of
the Russians in blowing up the Rasto
ropny.
The commander of the Rastoropny,
in an interview on his adventurous
voyage, said:
"I. left Port Arthur at midnight, in a
blinding snowstorm. The boat was
navigated through all the dangers of
floating, mines without a mishap. On
reaching the open sea, we saw a Jap
anese cruiser and some torpedo-boats
in the distance, but we were steaming
rapidly through the storm, with lights
extinguished, and passed them unno
ticed. We reached Chefu without mis
hap o-f any kind."
The commander of the torpedo-boat
destroyer was optimistic with reference
CHEFU, Nov. 17, 8a. m.— Three Jap
anese .torpedo-boat destroyers entered
the harbor this morning, satisfied
themselves that the Russian torpedo
boat destroyer Rastoropny had "been
sunk and departed.
CHEFU, Nov. 16.— The Russians to
day blew up the torpedo-boat destroyer
Rastoropny. The crew, with the ex
ception of one man, left the destroyer
during the afternoon. This last man
lighted slow fuses connecting with
powder etores. There were three dull
explosions, which were scarcely dis
cernible 100 yards from the place where
they occurred.. Almost simultaneously
the Rastoropny sank and settled on
the bottom. A single spar marks her
grave.
The Russian officers all say»the con
dition of Port Arthur is as good as it
was two months ago. They deny the
report that the Russian armored cruis
er Bayan has been sunk, though they
admit that „ a shell damaged her en
gines, which are being repaired.
to Port Arthur. He declared that all
the forts remained in Russian hands
and that the garrison was confident
and in good spirits. V
The former Russian Governor of Port
Dainy, M. 'Sakharoff, died recently at
Port Arthur of enteric fever.
President Alves Asserts
That He Can and Intends
to Stop the Disturbances
Brilliant Function Held at
Windsor Castle in Honor
of -Visiting. Royal Couple
NEW TREATY SIGNED
DISORDERS CONTINUE
Blockade Runner Brings in a
Cargo of Supplies.
Russian Torpedo - Boat De
stroyer Sunk by Crew.
Frank H. Richards, United
States Marshal in Nome
District, and Judge Brown
of Jiineau Region Ousted
King Edward of England and
Charles of Portugal Tes
tify to Friendship's Bonds
City and Vicinity Declared
by Brazilian Congress to
Be in a State of Siege
Port Arthur's Inner Forts Still Hold Out
OFFICIALS
IN ALASKA
REMOVED
STOESSEL'S MESSAGE TO CZAR
DOES NOT HINT AT SURRENDER
RULERS RENEW
THEIR PLEDGES
WAR MEASURES
IN RIO JANEIRO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JLJT^ 1904.
2
A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The' Newest and Best Family
Flour" on the Market. •
FREE FREE FREE
WITH ; {.
'SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ABVEIITISO1EXTS.
f ' =— I Positively cured by
PADTrDC thcso Llttle PIll8#
*iMf\ I Li\O ' rht 7 * lso rclIeT8 DIJh
S353 .... - trea Iro::a I) r s P e P s!a ' In *
rowa I T T LE digestion and Too Hearty
rI B \f IT 82 EstlEg. A perfect rem-
gSfl I VLll edy for Dizziness. Kansea.
B3 PILLS Drowsiness, Bad Taste
J|S_jBg In tho Month. Coated
g|iBEgJ*|Jl Tcnjue. Pala in tha Side,
regulate too Bowels. Purely Vegetable
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
'fiAPTCD'cl CURE SICK HEADAma.
LAKItKO ¦ , . •
RShTTit i Genuine Must Bear
ghVER Fac-Simtte Signature
isssM 1 /y£&*&4^fc?&'*c
(1 PATENTS! J)
'%2^330 MARKET ST.SJ^SSr .
In the. growing- of cut' flowers the
greatest advances have been made with
roses, carnations and violets. There
are now annually sold In' this country
?6 000,000 to $7,000,000 worth of cut roses.
This represents something like 100,000,-
000 or 125,000,000 flowers. The growing
of roses as an industry has developed
especially in the vicinity of our largest
cities, such as New York, Chicago and
Philadelphia.— World's Work.
To Cure n Cold In One Day ¦
Take . Laxative Brcmo Quinine Tablets. AU
drugglfts refund the money if It (alls to cure.
E. \V. Grove's slBrtjture In on each box. 25c*
The rtaily use of these lozenges will
rcon ttll in a much Improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
ploxion, tweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beautv of jt i s that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use. but on the contrary.
STeat benefit.
. A Buffilo physi''--. !n speaking of
the benents of charcoal, says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Chafcoal Lozenges to all
patients sufferfr.ff from gas In stomach
and boweln, nnd to clear the com-
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
nnd throat: I al«n believe the liver is
KTeatly benefited fcy the daily use of
thrm; th.^y c.OFt but t\venty-flv« cents
a box at drujj store.", and. although
!r. Rome ser.se « naient preparation, yet
I believe I tret mor.» nnd better char-
ccal in Sfiart'* Charcoal Lozenges
than in an- of the ordinary charccal
It absorbs the injurious erases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects ihe mouth and throat from
the f.oison oZ caturrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
is- in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
\UI!ow charcoal and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather In
the Iorm of large, pleasant tasting:
lozensres. the charcoal being: mixed
wifh honey.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal 1s the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its valu; when taken Into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it is not a
drug: at all. but simply absorbs the
t-nre* and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
Bmoltinfe-. drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion. It whitens the
te€th and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic
Prtr People Know How Useful It Is in
Prrscrxinc Health and Beauty.
APVEKTISEMEXTS-
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
See Small Ad, Page for. Further
Particulars.
Every Detail of Manufacture
- Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WISE WOMEN
Always keep a bottle of the Bitters fn
the medicine chest and at the first
symptom of any periodical disorder
take a few doses, with the result than
they are always well. Their experi-
ence will be yours, too, for
/xjj&Jj TV * 1^*\ ' 3 tn e sick worn-
pjftjl oTOMACH an's friend that
?lk$t can always be rc-
S^SMrllis^s* Sleeplessness, -
uXJ$^5^£§*|30 No substitute will
¦— t- Hostctter's.
UNITED STATES BJUXOS.
mi * "-TIM
STATEMENT
• or thb ; i
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OT THB ...
London Gnarantee and Acciient Company
(LIMITED.)
Oy LONTX5N, XX ENGLAND. ON THB
81st dar of December. A.IX 19O3 «a4 for
th« year ending on th*t day, as mad* to th«
Insurance Commissioner of th« Stat* of CaU-
fornia. pursuant to tha provisions of section*
610 and 611 of the Political Cod*. condtna«t
as per blank turalstMd by th* Commtsstooer;
ASSETS. - i .
Cash Market Value of aU Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. *1,14<5,3O T3
Cash In Company's CXflc*. ....... - 1.730 rs
Cash la Banks 133.700 00
Interest due and accrued en Bond*
and Mort«a««s ••••"•• UJMSt
Premiums In da* Coars* oC Col-
lection ......... 193.743 M
Total assets ? ll.<r*.9O2 35
LIABILITIES.
Losoes In process ot Adjustment
or In Snspens* llS.m H
Losses resisted, including «xp«nse« 1X873 00
Cross premiums on Risks roaamc
on* y*ar or less. $893,189 94; r*- '....¦'
Insurance CO per cent 4M10S9 7T
Gross premiums on Rlxks run-sin*
more than on* year. 118.013 14;
reinsurance pro raw 14.831 T3
Special reserv* for unpaid loss**.. 834,000 oo
Commission!! and broker*** dtt*
and to b*com* da*..... ....... 62.9C1 Tl
ConUn«^>nt Reserve (Liability De-
partment) 100.0P0 CO
All otn«r UablHttes W.TMM
Total liability J1JP28.0M iq'
INCOME. ~~
Kst cash actually received tor
••"r—yy" - •- -«.»4.m ft*
KBcetv*<3 tor interest and dividends
o» Bonds. Stocks. Louts and
trom all other source* W.870 23
Total income 11.233.862 19
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losse* f 4T3.421 44
Remitted to Horn* OttL&t 4«,«OT IS
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokers** 322.4O9 53
i Pold for Salaries. Fees and other
cjiar««s tor of 5 c *. r "' c , Uxlt !l- ,*"' ; M ' 938 «
Paid for State. National and Local
Tax** • •• 17.343 73
All other payments and expendi-
tures 201.144 0T
Total expenditures 1 1.1 13.757 n
A "VV- MASTERS, United States' Manacvr
Subscribed and sworn to before m*. thia 29th
day of January, 1004.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
ACCIDENT AND UABILTTT LINE3.
EDW. C. LANDI9.
General Agtnt.
41fl-m California st.. Ban Francisco. Cat. •
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rSESX AND HA!T MXATS.
JiS kftVUi H f(l * h 'Pe*»« Butchers. 10*
JA2. BUI E:> q WU. clay. TsL Mala 1»4.
UiAJcr soors astd smiaHTs.
, AU kinds repaired. Clot* Sh«*t Metal Works.
117C-117S Mission st. Phone Main S161.
OZX.3.
| LCBRICATIXO OIL.*!: LEONARD 4k ELLI9w
41S Front st.. 8. P. Phon* Stain 171*.
LCHUGBES, «iB£S7X*r.' United States 'Senator Bard spent a
busy day in" town yesterday. He ar
rived in the morning on the Owl and
left in the evening on the same train.
The fact that he spent but a few hours
in the city was the cause; of regret to
many that wished to entertain him.
but many of his friends enjoyed a few
minutes' conversation with him. From
the time of hi3 arrival until his de
parture he was bu«?y receiving-promi
nent members of his party, with whom
he discussed many "points of interest.
Congressman J. C. Needham of the
Sixth District was also in" town yester
day receiving the -consratulalions of
his friends over his- /victory in the're-
The proposed constitutional amend
ment extending the sessions ; of " the
Legislature is -again - in doubt. The
first returns, based on a total "of
liO.000 votes, ,• gave ; the proposed
amendment a majority of. about 1600,
but the returns received' up-to yester
day, totaling 200.000. wiped • out this
majority and left 1000 "votes standing
askinst the measure. There are yet
1C0. 000 vote3 to be heard from and in
this number the fate of the "measure
rests. It 13 .now -the. general: opinion,
however, that the amendment * : has
been defeated, though a complete
count may upset these, calculations. .
tor Bard Receives His Friends.
Legislative Measure, Uncertain — Sena-
AMENDMENT IN DOUBT.
Robber Caught Af ter Two Years.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Nov. 16. — O. R.
Holiday, wanted In Portland. Or*,
charged with robbing the mails white
he was a rural routs carrier two.
years ago. was arrested this afternoon!
at his father's home ia Jamesport^
Mo. The case was worked up by In-*;
spector Clarke of Spokane. Holidaj|j
confessed hl3 guilt to the Federal
officials.
The women who are in - charge of
the affair are working arduously for
its success. The programme to be
given on this evening win be one of
unusual merit % Many talented persons
have already signified the!r v willingness
to appear for the worthy cause.
The Orpheus Club of Oakland, con
sisting of sixty m»le voices, has con
sented to take part in the entertain
ment. The club will be assisted by
the following artists: Edwin Dunbar
Crandaft, director; Ernest H. McCand
lish, tenor; Lowell Redfleld, barytone;
Mrs. Arthur Moore; accompanist; Miss
Louise Hager. assistant accompanist.
Extensive preparations are . beins
made for the concert to be griven on
the evening of November 29 at the Al
hambra Theater for the benefit of the
Old Ladies' Home. "¦ ii
Affair to Be Held at the Alhambra
and Proceeds to' Go to Old
Ladles* Home.
CLEVER PEOPLE AVTLIi
APPEAR AT CONCERT
WASHIXGTOX, Xov. 16. — Secre
tary. Shaw to-day sent out notices to
the nineteen national banks having
State and municipal bonds ia the
treasury to secure public deposits
that they must be withdrawn within
thirty days and that United States
bonds, Philippine certificates and
Philippine land purchase bonds will
be accepted In substitution. The
amount of State and municipal bonds
now on deposit In the treasury is
about $19,000,000.
posits of State and Munici
pal Bonds.
Shaw Calls for Substitutes for the De-
NEW SECURITIES 31UST
BE GIVEN" BY BAXKS
cent election. He will return to his
home to-day.
W. M. Weil. H. W. Westphal. J. A. "Weston.
Wilbur I. Wilson. Edw F. Weih#>, R. J. Wis
non. P. Westerfeld. A. J. Wagner. Carl Wes
terfeM Wallace C. Wise,' George Malcolm. C.
L. White. G. R. Webster, C. F. Weber. Rolla
V. Watt. F. H. -Wheelan. W. S. Wattles.
Charles M. Wood. P. J. Weniger. Lculs Wein
mann. Allen O. V.' right. Charles, Wetherbee-.
George C. Woodbury. J. J. Whelau. Thomas J.
Walsh. A. A. Watkins. W. M. Watson. James
Alva. Watt. J. A. Watters. G. A. Webster.
Cyril Williams Jr.. M. Wl-senhutter. Heni?
Wiener, George T. Wriyht. Charles Weinsh«nk,
John G. Wetmore, W. \V. Worden, Geors« W.
Wittman. «
Sliainwald. W. Settle. Frank J. Symmes.
R. L. Toplltz, F. U Turpin, A. H. Turner. A.
G. Towne; F. I. Turner. George S. Thunnan.
Isaac Upliam. II. B. Underhlll Jr.
U. Van Orden. Charles H. Van Orden.
The mas H. B. Varney. O. F. von Rhein. A.
II. Vail J. von Husen, F. L- von Rheln. F. A.
Vail.
TOASTMASTER AND PRINCIPAL
SPEAKERS AT THE BANQUET
OF MERCHANTS 1 ASSOCIATION.
a man do in the light of his former thralldom
than to contribute to the preservation of his
Government, which Is designed to and should
shelter the people living under It and guard
them in their rights of life, liberty and
property. - .
but apart from the worthiness of the wcrk.
it ia necessary work. If you fail to do it you
will be plundered of both your rights and your
property, l.'nder the feudal law the common
people labored Incessantly, without reward, for
the benefit of the ruling classes to support
church and state and then to rive their lives
as soldiers in the frequent wars which rav
aged the land. Under our system but a small
contribution of time is necessary for the last
ing and permanent benefit of yourselves and
children. Shall you not give It? Tou are
simply asked t.> register an>] vote at "primary
and general elections; to vote with judgment
and discrimination moved by the common good
of all. You are tflked to serve on Juries and
election boards when called ca not oftener
than once In a year. Are these things a great
hardship? Tet there ar» many men who either
never register cr who absent themrelves from
the polls. They are not entitled to the pro
tection of the law. ,
DESTROYERS ARE DISARMED.
Universal suffrage, by which every male
c!tl«n has one vote, to b# freely cast and
fairly counted, should, on the other hand. If
kept undefined, make the state immortal. By
liberty of conscience, speech and press" to
gether with fair elections, treason, rebellion,
ir.jurrection, turbulence, usurpation — the com
mon destroyers of states— ar e all disarmed.
Put the moat subtle enemy of free govern
ment must . be recognized in crlmss against
thir elective franchise, which contrive to pre
serve the form while they consume the sub
stance, and unless they are overcome a re
actionary feeling against republican Institu
tions !s inevitable, with anarchy and absolut
ism as alternatives.
Therefore the duties of the citizen toward
the 'state must be sirlously taken and per
formed with patriotic devotion- otherwise 'the
treat heritage from the fathers cf the republic
sealed In the blood of patriots, will te lost
forever. I s«« hop* tn the Merchants' Asso
ciation; n. small band, actuated by noble mo
tives, working In a limited field for the re
generation of the country. Has it not an
swered for us the prayer of the poet, lament
ing over the decadence of another land: !
•¦Mnst-w_e but weep o'er days more blest?
Muet we but blunh? Our fathers bled.
Earth, render back from out thy breast
A remnant- of our. SDartan dead'.
Of . the three hundred grant but thr*e,
. To make a new Thermopylae"'
.McXAB OX POLITICS.
" Gavin McXab, whose years of ex
perience well fitted him to discuss the
subject assigned - him, "Practical . Poli
tics," followed Mr. Phelan. and his ad
dress : was most interesting. In part
he said:
A great philosopher has said that .the Meal
society is where every man is his own polict
maa and where -none othsr Is necessary. In
universal suffrage, where the citizen acts, he
become* his own politician and there is room
for ncne other. 'When all men vote at pri
maries -the practical politielan will be without
practice and the professional politician hunting
honest work. The boss Is the agent of the absent
voter, so constituted. by neglect cf duty. The
only practical politics I know consists In vot
ing. On the -theory that there are more good
men than bad men. if all men vote the govern
ment "will" be honest. The rule of the profes
sional politician is -minority -rule. It is de
pendent on the refusal or neglect of the ma
jority to act. .The man who is absent from
the polls gives the man who goes there permis
sion and power to nominate any kind of man
he sees fit. If private affairs were treated as
political matters are managed everybody would
be Insolvent. It is no wonder that we are face
to face with bankruptcy of public decency
government without virtue or honor.
Given an assurance that men will vote at
primaries and thera need be no fear of results
The preliminary work of securing delegates) is
little. Mcst of the work of primary party or
ganization has not other object than getting
people to the polls. If the public is educated
to the point of Insuring' attendance the forma
tion of clubs becomes unnecessary. The . good
citizen ¦Mio reaches the primary under present
conditions has no confidence that- hi» fellow
citizen of, similar thought" will attend. The
practical politician. generally called the
"push." has ¦ a confidence born cf experience
that the ¦ irood citizen will not comer • When
you have so impressed duty and responsibility
on the voter that you have cenfldenca in his
participation the worst is past.,, _~ . :
31AKING OP^\ MACHIXE.
- ¦ Any body : of citizens can meet and organ-
Ize: a, ' machine. -A machine ' is nothing more
than men ; acting .together, be It twenty or
twenty ' thousand. . These ' men -. may ' nominate
candidates - for: conventions -and « obtain support
Once cpon a time there was an election the
result of which affrighted the I conservative
business men of. a community,, who were
jrrea.Uy alarmed lest It b« anarchistic, until
the banner of, the adialnlstratton .was unfurled
and -then what seemed at first -to be the red
flag of anarchy tamed out- to be the red flag
of the auctioneer. Everything '"wm. 1 for sale.
<Great applause.). Disgust followed- dismay.
But the anarchist is less terrible than the con
cealed traitor;. tne highwayman more respect
able than the sr.eakthief. In many Americas
cities the covernroent has been seized by
knaves and scoundrels fcr no other reason
than that th* clilzcss have been neglectful of
their civic dutlea -or. were blinded by partisan
ship. . Bucy as the citizen is. he must, for his
own protection and for t>.e henor of his gov
ernment, make " some 'small i sacrifice -of . time.
The duties of' citizens . are. ; after- ail, - v«3'
simple and; conslderinr 'the stake. '^cannot b«
taid to be exacting. : What worthier .work" can
E\*EKYTHIXG FOR ' SALE.
We have erected a republican form of gov
ernment Trhtcti Is the admiration of the
world; a sovernment which ha* conferred
countless bcr.efiis en mankind and .vindicated
man's capacity " for wlf-government; but.- b«
csu5e it Is established, we are not disposed
to consider it is anything unusual or extra
ordinary. JM as we now regard railroads smd
telegrart* ¦** matters of cour»e. But turn
beck for a moment the pages of history. .Think
cf the struggle of man for that freedom which
we all enjoy. Recall in ¦ the evolution of gov
ernment the time-, when superior fcrce- con
trolled the. relationships of men.
We are disposed to allow tte public busi
ness to take <-are of -Itself, except in gfremt
criief, and then c.r.ly epasmodlc efforts are
ma«3e'to r!rht wrongs, which, were we eter
nally vigilant, never would -have been tn-
Eicted So the practical question before u«
is this: Saall *»» -or shall we not find time
for the duties of citizenship? Unless theln
tejllyeTit and patriotic .people cf. this country
sre williar to perform timr <1ur>? th* «V>v
emraent will b- abandoned to the care of. those
w v o live on the abuses of roveruraent. and
the state wHl xuffer or ultimately degenerate
flrsf Into aearcby and " mlsmle, and - then., so
fond is history , Of • repeating itself. Into", a
depiwjtirm. • ' ¦ ¦" , -. . v ''."/'' . •-
It is a suggestive and • timely theme which
the Merchants' Association has given us for
dlncustioTi thle evening. We are apt to forget
our rights and duties a» American citizens if
ire allow them to slumber. Some one has
parodied .in cM' saying by makirc it read
••Jiany arc called, but few jet up." Many
ax«- called, fcut few re»;>ond to civic duty. In
dif>r»nee 2nd neglect smother the voiess cf
conrcience and patriotism which often loudly
call. We love- oar country and I believe tliat
every iran In this ball, it he realized It were
in d'anirer. w<?uW make eacriflc^s for its pre»
ervatlon and defense. <;->;...;..
James D. Phelan was next Intro
duced and he was greeted with a flat
tering' outburst of applause. It fraa
evident that he had given the subject
assigned to him, "The Citizen's Duty
to the State." the fullest thought, for
his address was one of excellence. In
part he said:
APPLAUSE FOR PHELAX.
T"hes* are facts that rmuhasize the neces
sity of an awakening: of our ¦ people to the
need of reform in political conditions In large
municipal it iw. ?<%'» '
Are you aware, my friends, that there are
mor? than a. dozen cities In thin country to
day the municipal expenses cf which are more
than the total exnensn of runntn* the gov
err.-nent of the State.ln wliich th'-y are located?
Are you aware that the city of New York
raises to-day by taxation for municipal ex
pfn?r« mrrt than did imperial Rome In her
palmiest days?
Are you aware that It cents mere to run th
city *orernm«r.t ¦ «f New .Tork than' It does
the civil eaveremtEt- of the t'-nited' States?
This sirt of thinx v.i may well conclude,
however, wilt always exist, and wir hope
Bhcu'd be to minimize rather than to elim
inate It: but that it Can be minimized there
is no <iue»tion. and this leads us to consider
ths second class of citizens to which allusion
has been mad*-, namely, th^s? tvhc*« faults in
connection with taotr exercise of the ri*ht of
euSrase and the discharge cf their duty as
citizens at the polls are those of omission.
And I am sorry to ?ay that this class Is
large, ani is made up of the beat men In
evtry community.
Why. Mr. Pr»*!der.t. • It h«<! enrne to be a
fixed and settled hailt of business and pro
fessional men to permit practical politicians
before 2nd at the primaries to select the men
and name the ticket for which they are to
vcte losing sight cf the Ixr.pertant fact that
the referendum when shcrn of Us initiative is
robbed of much of It* practical value.
Honest. u;.rirht men are In the majority In
men if not all. cf the districts of this and
other cities, but they leave politics to the Irre
sponsible, urarrlcal politician, and hence I say
they csnnct escar>e r<sronsibility for the de
plorable conditions whi<-h to-day surround the
exsreise or the right of suffrage all over our
land. A condition that If unrestrained Is al
lowed to fasten Us*If upon our body politic
mujt; constitute a menace to the life of this
republic.
CAXXOT ELIMINATE EVIL.
IrC-JencA or by casting, their own baleful in
fluence over weak or dishcneit voters. In
other words, their highest conception of this
great privilege, this right to have a voice In
th; makir.g of he laws by which we are gov
erned, is to exerci?e that right without thought
or reference to the sacred obligations which
should surnunj its use or to the con«quences
entailed by the pmper or improper discharge
a: their duty as citizens at the polls.
for th?m. by personal solicitation or by com
munication through the mail9.- When public
Interest In civic affairs is active communication
through the mails Is most effective. It may
be. made by a committee of well-known men,
who communicate by circular . letter the ob
jects for which the nominees stand, you will
find that the battle is, • not so -much to get
men to vote right as, to.gef. them to vote at
all. Once you are eure m>n will vote you
have only to convince them that tha city's
welfare requires them to vote your way and
you. will g-et most of them.
Although a cynical person who observed an
election in San Francisco once said that Jf
he believed, the .voice of the people was the
voice >of God it would make him an lnfldel,
the voice of the people is. for the right and
the good. There is, therefore, no practical pol
itics like that of convincing men that to at
tend primaries Is the command cf political
righteousness; that their neglect raeans the
abandonment of the city's best Interests to
Its worst people.
Herbert Spencer says that the Greeks did
not wait for Aristotle to write his logic be
fore they reasoned. — When the p«-ople are in
earnest they win without direction from poli
ticians. The question Is one of keeping the
public conscience warm and the public mtnd
clear. There Is no rule of politics save the
rule of action.
The motive sower in polities is public opin
ion. That is the man behind the gun. Per
haps if the man with the gun would practice
more he would aim better and oftener hit the
tar~et.
The issue is, rhall San Francisco be a po
litical pig «tye of the honored home of hon
est men and women. Tou citizens are the
Jury. There are enough men in this room. If
they will act together for a year, to purify
and regenerate our civic life. Action Is the
key to Buccesw. Since Adam stood alone on
th« morning of the sixth day confronted by
the destinies of his race, there has been no
finer spectacle than the American in action
The situation calls for united action.
TELLS OP STUFFING.
Fairfax H. Wheelan centered at
tention when he arose to tell the as
sembled guests just what he knew of
the ballot stuffing at the last primary
election. Mr. Wheelan said his re
spects to Mr. w Maestretti in introduc
tory remarks and then continued an
Interesting narrative of his voting ex
periences. Mr. Wheeian said In part:
Gentlemen: I- consider what I did at the
last primary election, a duty which every citi
aen should be proud to perform. I was a wlt
nesa to .some criminal work at th» polls last
August, ajid I took it. upon myself to right a
¦wrcng. 1 had a thrilling experience at the
polls, and I will tell you of tt It yea will lend
me your attention for a short time.
Xow, merchants do not pay enough atten
tion ¦ to their * duties aa American citizens.
There Is entirely too much steam beer in our
city fovernrnfat.' These grafters who are in
power feed -their lieutenant.-* at the expense of
the taxpayers. Tho ¦ ballot-box stutters are at
their command. Xow. If the merchants would
wake up and give battle to these grafters they
mlarht change the aspect of things a trifle,
On the. morning cf* August 12 of the present
year I went to the S«\-enty-ntnth Precinct of
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District In company
with my son. ¦ a big fellow of his age. though
not old enough - to vcte. -.'Whiik my son and
myself were standing at the booth I got »
letter from two representative cjtlzens to come
, at once to the Almsnouse . booth. When I got
there I found that an unusual commotion pre-
I vailed. I discovered that of the 162 Inmates
1 of the house there was not a single Democrat.
I They were all Republicans. I wondered at
this, " knowing thnt . Democrats sometimes - get
into the Almshouse. I challenged the vot» of
several m«n~ on the ground that they could be
questioned* a? .to - whether they Intended ! to
vote the Republican ticket at the next election.
MAESTRETTI INTERFERES.
Mr. Jcoeph Rebstock, one of the election of
ficials," refuted to put the oath to these men.
I told him It was the right of. every citizen to
challenge a vote on that ground, but Rebstock
enly sneered acd eaid he wouJd see himself in
San Qu«ntin before he wculd put tha oath to
any of thosn about to vote. ¦ While we were
axsruing Commissioner Maestretti appeared; He
was indignant when he saw me and said: "Get
out of b«re'. What right have you in an elec
tion beeth?'!
Then llaestretti went orer to'th* Almshouse
and had • a .: talk, with Frank Schmitt. the
sui-erintendsnt, .-and brother of our Mayor
who said :'. "I .want you to understand that I
will -not .have .any/one abuse those paupers,"
and punctuated his sP'sech -with a few choice
administration oaths. . S^hmltz and MaeVrett!
were soon Joined 1 by Ruef and Lynca and they
helu a consultation near the booth. Whenever
an unfortunate.;" pauper went In to cast his
vote the quartet wouM'yell, "Remember you
a;-; a Republican."* ; ThU-waa an ample Warn
ing for the poor fallows to vote as Ruef di
rected. T - ¦"*:¦• ". '"',„¦¦ - ' . • ¦ . ¦
• I saw a man copying a name en the fost«r
of the booth: . - 1 r thought It strange that a
voter did not -know his' name or address. I
began » an : Investigation and .: found that this
man .was -' Charles , Wyman, the staffer and
lieutenant- of Maestretti; "Within forty min
utes ' I • caught another v at ; the same trick.
This man waslAdolph-Steffens. who- Illegally
voted the name of -C- A. Drew. Steffens had
not voted his own name at; that time. -
Gentlemen; if this: spirit- of- lawlessness "Is
allowed to prevail there- Is bound to tx bribery
and. corruption -.in- our- city All
the corruption of 'a,; city • government has , Its
oriffin at -the -The' Issue at stake
George K. Porter. J. J. PB«ter, Whitney
Palache, r*- Patek. Osgood Putnam. II. O.
Palen. D. H. Porter, Jame3 D. Phelan, George
H. Pippy. H. W. Postlethwalte, G. M. Peria*.
J. -K. Prior Jr., William Pardy. Thomas Pen
nelt George Patch. Henry Payot. H. E. Pen
nell. R.- H. .PostI«thT.-aite. Grattan D. Phillips.
John - Partridge. William S. Pardy. Edward
Polllta. F. G. Phillips.
J W. Quick.- R. E. Queen.
" \VJ G. Richardson. William _Rleger, J. R.
Ruckstell. W. P. RMtnitton. H. A. Rsimann.
H - *.V. Ramsdell. Louts-, Rosenfeld. G. H.
Radkc, John G. Rapp. Amson Relnhart. L L.
Rosenthal. W. A. Rogers. W. F. Roberts, F.
Rocca ' Henry RosenfeTd, Edward U. Rock.
Stephen, S Rau. A. J. Rich. P. C. Rossi,
Purcel Rowe. W. C. Ralston. John A. Reid,
II. L. Radke, L. A. Rea.
F. B .- Snrryhne.- C. O. Swanberg. II. S.
Stedman : H. Schussler. M. Stern. George
Spencer, A. W. Scott. Dr. H. J. Sartort. J.
Sllv«rman.-R- H. Swayne. John C. Shippr
William A. Sehultz. James A. Sorenson, H.
L. Smith. W. W. Sanderson, Martin Steven*.
\VY M, Searby. August A. Schneider. F. P.
Stone R. II. Schlueter. George A. Smith. A
F. -Sbarboro. J. G. Spauldlnr. M. Strauss,
Warren Sway ne. I* M. Spleorl. Carl H.
Schmidt. F.' A. Swain. E. Scott, W. Alexander
Smith, Oenjamin J. Schkws, H. P. Schneider
C* F. ¦ Stone. Vanderlyn Stow, ,W. R. Sher
wood.- R. A. « Sbarboro. F. P. Sherman. A.
Silverman," Charles Steicer.- L. Seatena. R. S.
C. P. Overton. Smith O'Brien. William
D. O'Kane, Fremont Older. . James Oppea
heimer.
; A. J. McXIcoll," Hugh J. Mclsaac. L. H.
JlcRcskey. Gavin McNab. George B. McClel
lan. I> R. McNelll Jr.. James McXab. F. J.
Me Williams, John McXaught. John McGaw.
I>r. W. F. McXutt, H. D. ilcEIroy. Georje
B. McDcucaH.
F. V. Xelson. Harry Xordman, II. V,'. Xew
bauer.
Edward H. Mitchell, E. Magnin. W. S. Mil
ler. Roy M3uvais. ¦¦ William Malm. T. L.
Matthes. W. R Maxwell, John F. MerrlH.
H. " S. Manheim. H. .. Martsnson, F. "W. G.
Moebus. Joe- Magn'.n,- T. Mikimoto, Samusl
Magner. William A. Magee. A. H. Martin.
William Metzner. R. E. Miller, Charles Mag
glnl. P.obsrt K. Malcolm, V. A. Magnin, John
E. Miles. C. "A. Mam. Kenneth Melroaa. Byron
Mauzy. John J. Maboney. J. A. Morixw, K.
H. Mr jcr.
. Otto Lang, A. K. Larssn, A. Lachman, S.
Livlngiton, G. P. Laulnger, II. D. Loveland.
William G. Loewe. Augustus Lotz, J. B. L'vl
son, J. G. Leibold. W. B. Lomax. Alfred
Lillenfeld. Carl G. Larsen. T. C. Larrson. K.
A. Lund»trom, E. • R. Llllenthal. Theodore
Lundstedt.
George R- Green, J. G. Giestinir, M. Greene
baum. Professor J. W. Griffith, H. S. Greene,
H. J. GoJcher. Monroe Green. Art. G. Glteaa
ler, W. E. Gattenger, A. P. Glanntnl. Emil 3.
GuUlxson. W H. George. Frank M. Green
wood, Charles J. • Green, C. Gebhardt, A. H.
Greeneberg. Leonard Georgres, Emll Greene
baum. Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr.. Eugene Good
win. Hans Gullixson, Albert Grunlnger, John
Glnty, A. G. Gilson. Samuel Goidatone, Mark
Grten. Louis F. Giessler, M. Garcia, Henry
Grandje&n.
J. Hermance, W. M. Hall. B. Heathcote,
George Warren Hooper. Ferdinand Koltum, A.
Hlrsch Jr., C. E.-' Howard. F. G. Hammer,
Reuben C. Haas, M. A. Harris. It. W. Flills.
John A Hammersmith. Lester Herrlck E. L-
Hueter, Oscar Hocks. H. J. Hill. Joseph Haas,
Dlxwell Hewitt. Jchn Hoey, J. R. Hiller, W.
H. Hazell, R. B. Hale. A. W. Huggins. Matt
Harrl* T,.\' Harris. Frederick Harris. S. M.
Hasl'tt. V,. C. Hanley. William A. Hewitt,
C. F. Hunt. D. A. Hulse. Henry Hlckman,
J. R. Howell, Charles F. Hoey. W. Hanscm.
Timothy Hopkins. H. C. .Houghtcn, George W.
Haas Frank H. Harris, John W. Heldt. John
Hedley. Paxton Howard, L. Hellbroncr. M. J.
Hynes.
K. Ickelhetmer. F. Imme!, J. D. Isaacs. W.
A. Irwln, John G. Us.
IT. Li. JudelU Alphon.v Judls, Emil Judell,
C. R Johnson. Harry O. Jensen.
E. L. Kohlberg. Fred J. Koster. Edward H.
Kittredge, A. D. King. Walter N. Kelley, A.
L. Kerr. Herbert Kullman, Albert Kohlberg,
Colonel John A. Koster. A; Kains. I*. M. Kai
ser, John M. Klein, M. S. Kohlberg S. Kat
ten. Dr. Kirk. Walter Y. Kellogg. Frank Kins,
Joseph B. K«nan. James W. Kerr, T W.
Kroll. L- W. Kin*-. ,
Georgre D. Dornin, Dr. Frederick W. d'Eve
lyn. E>r.# C Deichmiller AVilllam J. Dutton.
W. G. Bodd. Andrew M. Davis. A. L. Dick
inson, F. W. Dohrmaan George W. Dornin,
Dr. Washington Dodge, E. David. A. B. C.
Dohrmann, S. Darbee. C. E. Darla. M. H. da
Young. A. A. d'Ancona. E; E. Drake, H. F.
Dunbar, Henry I* Davis. F. Dohrmann Jr..
E G. Davis AV. W. Dekker. I.utgi De!l Orto.
W. M. Edgell. Victor H. Elfer.dahl, Eugeni
Elkus F. H. Ellis. J. A. jv Eveieth. M . H.
E-sbersr. J. C. Everdlng-, Dwlght Edwards,
Frederick Esgers.
J. W. Frieke. P. B. Fclger, W. D. Fen
nlmore, Bernard Faymonville, C L. Fonl,
S. W. Fuller, J. Homer Frltch, Henry E.
Faure. M. Feintuch. T. Cary Friedlander.
George K. Frink. S. Federsptel, R. D. Fon
tana, James J. Faean, W. Frank, H. H.
Fuller, George H. • Fuller, A. Friant. G. I.
Fischer. Henry Frohman, F. Frohman, M. J.
Fontana. Charl«» W. Fay. John T. Fogarty.
George C. Fuller, Peptoe ForwocJ. L. M.
FUtcher. *
ii> the fourth commandment. "Thou shalt not
steal." \
THE LIST OF GUESTS.
The following persons attended the
A. A. Allen, George E. Amos, Jesse S.
Andrews, C. R. Allen E. Andrews. A. Armer,
F. \V. Ammann, G. P. Ayers, George X.
Armsby, S. F. Ald«n. Benjamin Armer, Al
! bert Asher George Alpers.
M. A. Breusa George X. Erooks. II. G.
; Barkley. E. D. Bullard. O. D. Baldwin. M.
Blo;k. Herbert Brace. H. P. Brlstal. George
C. Doardman Jr.. B. C. Brown, A. A. Bat
kin, Philip Bancroft. Samuel Braunhart. £\
H. Beaver, E. E. Eergin Edward L. BaW
win. C. S. Benedict, A. S. Baldwin. H. Bird,
Samuel Burger, Hermann Barth. Emlle Bauer,
J. . Bamberger, D. Biagl Paul Bancruft, Frank
P. Buckley. James P. " Booth. \V. C. Brurn
fleld. Wallace Bradford. J. B. Bocarde. Henry
Brunncr. Leon Bocqueraz. Nathan Brace. John
B. Blair. M. M. Brown, T. U. Boardman.
James II. Barry. Frank L. Brown. Charlea
Boston, Paul Bancroft:
Jesse C. Colman, Alexander J. Cook. Dr.
Jneeph G. Crawford. C- W. Callaghan. D.
Cushman. A. E. Curlett. G. D. Clark. W. E.
Cumback. A. Comte Jr., Clarence Colman.
Foster P. "Cole Wayne B: Corbln Charles
Carpy P. Cahill. EJ B. Cutter. M. A. C.
Chriateson. D. Campbell. H. M. Cochran. John
Connor. Quincy A. Chase. T. J. Crowley. Wil
liam Corbln. J. E. Cutten. A. Christe?on, H.
P. Christie. E. S. Clprico, X. P. Chlpman, Wil
liam Curlett.
The members cf one class are always Jn
evidence in r«rscn or by representatives upon
«•:.' voILtical occasions, not. I am sorry to say.
t-> dtfnify free suffrage and preserve the purity
r.T the ballot by the honest, fearless, unin
fiaenoed exercise ct ttie richt of citizenship.
bt.t rather. to pollute Hnd prostitute that pal-
UfiivT" cf American liberty by s-Jtmittin; to
It may b* »a:d u a. eafe Eremite Tor the
rurros- of this discussion that there are two
clauses of citizens who are at fault In the
KKocoance of their duty at the polls. With
th; on* dui the taalt is one of omniissiom
wiih the cth«r !t is that of omission. The
tarvr^r positive and actual, expressed In the
\ ,« icu« and d!shoce»t ex*rcia# of tfce rtjeht of
*r.Cra«e. tit* lattw neratlve m cha.ract«r, but
r^ Je»* repreheasib!* and detrimental to th«
welfare of «tatt and municipality.
No truer note for the public good
has been sounded since the Vigilantes'
bell called them to arms to uphold the
Ian- than that at the Palace Hotel last
evening, where 436 members and
fner.ds of the Merchants' Association
4»f San Francisco gathered to discuss
"The citizen's duty at the polls.'
It was the seventh annual banquet
of the association, but« pleasure and
the strengthening of the ties of friend
ship were not its most important re
sults. It again made known to the
public the associations object in be
cotninff a. factor in municipal politics.
This cbject, as explained by its
e^ealters. is one that must meet with
Tiide indorsement— the toppling from
high places the despoilers of the pub
lic treasury, the dethroning of the
bosses that have degraded the city j
and the scattering, of the- flocks of
political harpies that follow In their
wake to gather the crumbs that fall.
Patriotism for the city, the State and
the nation prevailed and the demand i
for justice and honesty in public office |
met u ith great continued applause. The |
men that gathered at the board were ]
representative of every solid interest of j
the city and formed a body that at a
glance showed the power it can wield
in the fieht it has inaugurated for right.
Facing, as San Francisco does, a fu
ture that is full of promise with mil
lions voted by the people for the im
provement and adornment of the city,
the subject selected for discussion was
most appropriate. And the subdivi- !
eions of the subject were also happily j
arranged to give the question its full- ,
rst scope. To James D. Phelan was as- j
signed "The Citizen's Duty to the
State," H. D. Loveland spoke on "The
Citizen's Duty to the City." Gavin Mc-
Nab en 'Practical Politics" and Fair
fax H. Wheelan on "Primary Experi
ences." Each of the speakers had much
of interest to tell and if their philoso
phy is followed the gain will be not
only that of the citv. but of all the
SWEtrriN'G STATEMENTS.
Frank J. Symmes, president of the as
sociation, tvas toastmaster and in that
capacity he made statements in his in
troductory remarks th2t swept aside
any conservatism the speakers may
have entertained in dealing with the |
SU O t St-"ts ¦? y * -1 jTnf*O t u 6 23*1* I T\ Ci£LI~ti XI S ]
For the frst years c'. car existence *s an as- j
•oci*tksr> .we CM not intermt ourselves in poll-
Tic*, tut rmes h*v» charjjed and It lias be
neoaa our (Jury to <io »o. <_>nc« we «-?re *atis
fleJ In s«eic« ttattbe «tre«:t» were well swept;
n->w »t »re Jwterrcined to sweep th* jv>li.» u:a
*»«»p tfc^i! ci*«.n_ We hi\f cAl!»d to o«r a«
•;rt*n«rc th* ni.rcnga.na of the law and it win
!--••• ''A. Ar.d we «re aided by Iba press and
ihe dried Jur>'. They cake a Krone team, a
tool r*>ecpiz.g n^c!:lae.
Net iorc 'Ago I r;z% en a train near St. Leu is
•'fcea a citlzia of that city irieJ to cosdole
*-tth me over the f-oixoptioa that evistf in Saa
Kran'.:*cc. It :.-.>.... s ntt weeji wltb shame -ta
tr.lak that a citizen ef St. Ijmxin — that one city
of the earth — should ca»t a slur upon us. Thj
opsoitudty for -Ujcb r«flecti<-Tis upon us trill
rd lor.g rxify, because we Intend to Bee that
the trover n men t o" thl« ctty is cleaned.
so Ior.g as t»iere are lawyers in this city, aiul
»o' lor.j a» ciernber* of tlii« association will pet
c;> th<? Ksoney to carry on the fight, it will jo
ca And in th« end t. .. will win.
LOV£LAXD IXTERESTis.
Great applause greeted President
Symrnea' renxarks and more applause
greeted H. D. Loveland when he rose
in response to the call of the toast
master to. speak on 'The Citizen's Duty
to the City." in part Mr. Loveland
said:
ar« hei» tc-c!«ht. gentlemen to con
sider (M cf the r. •• lrooortant lr not the
mctt iini>crtar!t <;uesth;n that can *\-er come
b»fcre tfce American people. I ray the Amer
ican r^opl* fcr two rexsosi. first, it con
fires th« cfln«ider«tlen to iu proper limits
without lecilirins Jt in thli cenmunitj. and
••cond. becams* the question which w« ar«
<-c.ist<leri2«- to-c:»ht Is Important to a pecple
tn <Sir*ct ratio to the decree of liberty which
they enjoy, which Justine* ray' statement c?
U» importance to the American people- an
importance that i« raa»ci3ed when we re- j
rr.ember thai the preservation and perpetu*.
t!oa of that liberty de^endn upen the manner
lr. which our c:tisea» <llachar*« th«ir duty i
at the polls.
Banqueters Confident
That Bossism Can
• Be Ended.
Associates Give Him a
Most Flattering
Reception,
PHELAN HONORED
PLANSEXPLAINED
ARE OUT TO WIN
Speakers Tell o! the
Dntv of Citizens
at Polls.
Says Press and Grand
Jury Will Win for
the Right.
EXPLAINS POLICY
MERCHANTS'
ASSOCIATION
ILL FIGHT
P11IT
sues is
mm
PLANS DETERMINED BATTLE FOR HONEST GOVERNMENT
THE SAN FRANGISGO' - CALL;- THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17. 1904.
HONEST municipal government, civic pride and civic progress are the great objects for' which the Merchants' Associa
tion of San Francisco has inaugurated a determined campaign. This the * association again made known at its
seventh annual banquet at the Palace Hotel last evening, and the cheers that greeted its speakers indicated that
in the battle before it the influential organization will not falter until the knell of bossism sounds.
3
ADVPRTTSESIEXTS.
CATARRH FROM BABYHOOD.
A Beautiful tittle Girl Saved From a
Life of Suffering by Pc-runa.
Doctored W i t h
cians for Three S^^g|^p^^%
- . BECOMES CHRONIC.
f Mrs. George Van Dusen, Mohawk. HerSdmer Co., N. T, writes: > * ? '
* "Having derived so much benefit from your grand medicine. I felt as if I mast •
t write to you end tell you what a great hs.'p it has been to us. *
« "My li. tie daughter when but two months old took a severe cold and it settled *
* in her head and continued to get worse, and in a few month^terminated in tha ?
,, worst case of catarrh that has ever been known in this part of the state- \\
11 "After doctoring with the bsst doctors for three years and receiving no ber.t- '>
J fit. we weri persuaded to try a widely advertised catarrh cure, and at Srst m \
* thought it wes helping her. but after using twenty or more bottles sae was as bad *
* as ever. j
f "A3 a lost resort we began with Peruna. end she is now nine years old. and for ?
t the past year has been the healthiest child you ever saw. The catarrh has en- *
I tirtly disappeared. No discharge or odor at all. but we keep the preciads bottle ia ?
I the house and at the first appearance of cold with any of us we immediately take *
k Peruna. We know there is nothing like it. In our estimation it is priceless." ?
J Mrs- George Van Dusen. ?
-»»«»• 7*»««»«» •• •••••••••••• »•»••««»«»»¦ »»«», ««««»«»„
ONE of the greatest foes with which avoid the Inevitable catching cold,
every family has to contend is our p p -„_„,, rnntsHne Nn »«»»/%>!».
changeable climate. re-ru-na toniams «o Warcotlcs.
To protect the family from colds and One reason' why Peruca has found per-
coughs is always a serious problem, and manent use in so many homes is that It
often impossible. contains no narcotics of any kind. Pe-
Sooner or later it is the inevitable fate rur.a is perfectly harmless. It can be
of every one tn catch cold. Care in avoid- used any length of time without acquir-
T . <,,.'„• I in S exposure and the ing a drug: habit. Peruca does not pro-
ine ,Ot or use of proper clothing duce temporary results. It is permanent
Many Evils will protect from the in its effect. /
A fOLD frequency and perhaps It has no bad effect upon the «y«tein
' the severity of colds, and gradually eliminates the catarrh b~
but with the greatest of precautions they removing- tne cause of catarrh- There
wiil come. This is a settled fact of hu- are a multitude of homes where Peruna
man experience. has been used off and on for twenty
One is liable to catch cold in any sea- years. Such a thin? could not be possi-
son. Everybody must expect to be caugnt ble if Peruna contained any druys of a
somewhere or somehow. • narcotic nat»re.
Perhaps it will be wet feet,' or a Address Dr. S. B. Hartman. President
draught, or damp clothes, or it may be of The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbu*
one of a thousand other little mishaps. Ohio. All correspondence held strictly
but no one is shrewd enough to always confidential.
Saturday,
Nov. 19,
Tickets will be sold
by Southern Pacific
agents for -
$3.00
Round Trip .
Good from Saturday
to Monday, to
SANTA
CRUZ
Military band con-
certs on the beach,
hot salt water plunge
baths, mammoth ca-
sino and pleasure pier,
boating ~ and fishing.
Beautiful drives and
walks and delightful
sunshiny weather. Ask
for full particulars.
Southern
Pacific
Third and Townsend
streets' depot, or 6zi
MARKET STREET.The inhabitants of the United States
ate more than $8,500,000 worth of
bananas last year-
SPENCER LEADS ATTACK.
ROLL CALL IS ORDERED.
Eastern delegates In attendance M
the general convention are making It
a point to "pay their respects to, the lo
cals of fheir respective craft while
here. At the meeting of Local "No:
6 of the Electrical, Workers last night
Grand Secretary H/'W. Sherman -of
Washington. L>. ; C.. accompanied by
Representatives George Burns, C. Li
Nelson, P. Stantori 'and M.^ Sullivan,
paid a ; fraternal visit to this body.'
These delegates hold the dual position
of. being* representatives '. of ' their craft
at the American Federation of Labor
Electrical Workers Are Holding Their
Own Annual Convention.
EASTERN DELEGATES VISIT.
A suit was begun yesterday by At
torney Isaac Joseph, representing P.
Bacigalupi. to compel I. Magnin &
Co. to give him a renewal, of a lease
of five years on the three-storv build
ing at 840 Market street. He leased
the property in March. 1901, at $300
a month, and was to have the privi
lege of renewal of five years from
October 1, 1905, provided he gave
a year's notice. On October 1 last he
was In New York and did not give the
notice until November ,5, when the
renewal was refused. Bacigalupi says
he has spent nearly $8000 In Improv
ing the building. This is said to raise
a point In law that has never been,
settled.
Wants Lcaso Renewed.
Question Is, Put to Test and: Mangan
-. - Secures , Admission.
There was no lack of speeches Jn
favor.: of giving Mangan a chance to
serve as a delegate." .There were at
least a dozeh^suchjY The genera] drift
If. in accordance with the 'decision of ¦ the
American Federation of- Labor,' Mr. Mangan
had withdrawn from the steamfltters organiza
tion instead of continuing In the suspended
body, and then had Joined some other organiza
tion that had accepted him to | membership- I
would have supported the report of the. com
mittee to seat him.'" But In view of the fact
that he Is still a member of the suspended
local and continues .his : membership there t»hd
efforts are made" to 'maintain and sustain the
suspended organisation, I* move that we cannot
afford to establish a precedent of- seating dele-
. A good reason why Mr. Mangan ehould be
excluded from this convention . Is that he la a
member and has been a member of an organiz
ation that ha»- been suspended from this or
ganization and we cannot afford, to establish
tho precedent of seating in this convention, . or
In the conventions oX the American Federation
of Labor, men I who- are suspends^,- or whose
organizations are suspended from, this order.
Delegate Sullivan- asked dryly and
sarcastically: "I desire to be inform
ed whether Mr. Mangan as a /florist
was engaged in . decorating the town
and planting his money in Chicago as
a jrarde/ier?" >/ • ; .
Delegate Wilson said in part:-. .
Asks Whether Town Is Decorated and
¦}. Money Planted by Gardener.
SULLIVAN HAS SOME FUN.
Overture. St. Mary's College orchestra: ad
dress, Hen. F. J- Murasky; barytone solo.
Jamea McGuIre; too dancing. Master Montague
Barton; soprano solo, selected. Mrs: M. Mc-
Glade; "Lady Bird'* Race." Miss Marie Kenny
of tne Marie Kenny Dramatic School; contralto
solo. MUs Ethel Pries;. We« Jeannie Fletcher
frae Glaaglf, the- Scottish Nlghtlngate^ — (a)
"Mary of Argyle." (b) : "Within a Mile of
Edlnboro'." (c) "Comln' Thro' the Rye"; or
chestra; soprano solo. Mmc. Caro Roma; xylo
phone koIo, S. Samuels; tenor solo. "Old Plaid
Shawl." Ceotge P. Kelly: ventrtkxju|«t. Mr.
Durwln: contralto solo. Miss Oenevieve 8uin
van, accompanist. Mlas M. Short; song and
dance t specialties. Charles Morrellr .' Gaelic
dancing, Irish four- hand reel. Joseph P. Kelle
r«r..John Ol Coonen,. Pearl Allen, Clara Coyne
music by Professor ..McMihcn; orchestra; ac
companist. Miss Katherino Kattlgan.
The admirably arranged programme
was opened with an overture by St.
Mary's College orchestra, after which
Judge F. J. Murasky delivered an ad
dress In which h€ spoke of the train
ing afforded by the school and paid
high tribute to the Sisters of Charity.
The programme was as follows: ' -':
A most entertaining vaudeville per
formance was given last night at the
Alhambra Theater under the auspices
of St. Vincent's alumnae for the ben
efit of St,' Vincent's School (Sisters of
Charity).
Jud^c 3Iurasky Delivers Address and
?% Pays High Tribute to Sisters
;Z%;, of Charity.
BENEFIT IS GIVEN TO
4;-; ST. VINCENT'S SCHOOL
Delegate Hayes was sarcastic and
said in part:
I am a friend of Mr. Maniran and I never
knew him to be a gardener. Hel» a steam
ritte'r. intensely interested in tho welfare of
the uteamntters' organization and always ready
to ft.ht for it. 1 would have b«en Just as
much surprised had Mr. Mangan come here to
day with credentials trom an> association of
astronomers as trom the' florists. Mr. Mangan
may at one time have cultivated gardens or
cultivated roses, but I have never heard that
he did. And I think we should be sincere
with each other. J !W« are trades unionists wao
served our time at a trade, served our time
to learn it; and in order to be Interested- In
it we must be associated with it constantly,
always. ¦
We are here representing one craft. It Is
true that men have acquired a- knowledge of
two trades; It Is very true; and they may come
here with credentials from one of those trades;
but there are circumstances involved here
¦which cloud the question* and to the disad
vantage to Mr. Mansran, because it Is a wellr
known fact that for the last four years he
has come to conventions without credentials, to
work , in the interests of tbe steam and gas
fitters. Now let us be sincere with \ each
other. ' Do you want 'to use him for a vote?
Do you want to use him for a purpose that
you have- not yet'reveaJed? Or do you want
to use him because he served his 1 time as ¦, a
florist? We could Dut this to the test if we
wished, guppose you go out and buy a bouquet
for $ip or. f20 and let the* gentleman mount
the stage and display the difference between
the flowers that grow in Chicago aad the
flowers that grow here. (Laughter.)
Now I will say this : " I am a friend of Mr.
Mancan and always have been, and he can't
deny It. And you must not try to win any
sympathy by saying that It Is personal. The
only personal feeling that I have in it. Is that
I regret that Mr. Mangan 'and hi* friends
should make 'such an effort as this; to -come
here claiming to represent the florists, when,
he has been known always as a full-fledged,
hard-handed casfltter or. steamfltter. . It' la all
the same — steam, gas and hot air.
Delegate Hayes 31akcs Several Lead-
Ing Assertions in Sarcastic 1 Way.
PILES FUEL UPOX FIRE.
Miss Irene Palmer and Miss May
Kelly rendered several piano iolos,
winning much applause, and Mrs.
Bertha Kendall delighted* with her
singing, while the quartet from the
Russian choir, composed of X. Greev
¦ky. P. Popoff. A. Kasoff and A. Kal
neff, rendered .several beautiful Rus
sian vocal pieces. The bazaar will be
open this afternoon and the final pro
gramme to-night will contain names
of well known vocalists and Instru
mentalists.
The ladles of the Orthodox Endea
vor Society of the Greek-Russian
Church will terminate their bazaar,
which is being held In the parlors of
the Greek'Rusalan Cathedral, Powell
street, to-night. Last evening a splen
did programme was enjoyed by a large
attendance. Among the distinguished
visitors were Bishop Innocent and of
ficers of the Lena.
Ladles of Greek-Russian Church Give
Splendid Entertainment tn
Cathedral Parlors.
DISTINGUISHED PERSON'S
VISIT GRAND BAZAAR
Tour committee, after careful consideration
of the testimony and evidenoe presented by
both sides, finds that th« only good ground
submitted by M*»sn». Clark, McKean and
8pencer against the seating of Delegate Man
gan I* the claim that he is sot eligible to
membership In the organization^ which he has
btcn elected to represent. In . that he is now
employed as a steamfitter and was at the
time that he was admitted to membership
In the Florists' Union. This, however, your
committee felt was not for them to decide.
The evidence in the hands of your committee
shows that Mr. Mangan is now and was at
the time of his election a member of the afore
said Florists' Union. Tn« questloa as to . what
means wtr« employed to wure membership
aad election as a delegate to this convention
from tbe Florists' Union Is for the convention
to deal with rather than this committee. As
a credential* committee we only recognise the
fart that Mr. Mangan is now. and was at th»
time of his election, according to the evidence
a member In good standing In the organiza
tion he has been elected to represent, said
union being a bona-flde one. Wo therefore
recommend that Delegate Mangan be accorded
a e«at In this convention.
The credentials of John Mangan ¦»tre
referred back to your committee . for further
Investigation In rtferenc* to his membership
in Gardeners', and Florists' Union No. 10,615.
The committee finds the credentials of John
Manr&n from* tbe Gardeners' and' FiorlctV
Union 'of Chicago were issued In proper form
and signed and «eal«d by proper officers. In
proof of his membership Mr. Mansran presents
hla duly ?!rr.« d and ttaled working card for the
past Quarter. W« have corroborative testimony
from John Fltzpatrick of Chicago, represent
ing the Homeshoers' International Union,' to
the effect that he personally knows that Mr.
Mangan is a ssember of the. said FloricU'
Union and was duly elected a delegate to
represent the said union tn this convention.
Mesirs. John Clark*. Jsmes J. MeKean and
William J. St>encer appearfd before your
cemmittee and protested against the seating
of Delegate Mangan on the ground that if he
Is a member ot the Florists' Union he is not
eligible, as they have no personal knowledge
that h« ever worked as a gardener or flor
ist, which be would necessarily have- to have
done to obtain membership; and that he is
a member of the SteamStterrf Union, which
union has been suspended from the American
Federation of Labor; and charge that he is
using a membership In the Florists' Union
wrocjrfully and an a subterfuge on behalf of
the SteamfUters' Union, and that he Is using
dishonest methods of securing election to this
convention.
The basis of the entire proceedings
was ihe report of the committee on cre
dentials, which had an investigation
Tuesday evening. The text of the re
port is as follows:
Testimony Is Taken Concerning Status
of Man From Chlca^.i.
COMMITTEE REPORTS FACTS.
John.. R. . O'Brien, international
president, made a few remarks. He
advised -the members to show more
spirit toward their organization. He
told them they were becoming lax in
their duties of. late and would have
to. show more sincerity or the time
would come when they would go back
to the long working days.
The San Francisco District Coun
cil of Retail Clerks gave a reception
and dance to the international officers
of their "body last night at Golden
Gate Hall. The evening was spent in
dancing. • Refreshments were served.
The grand march was led by Miss
Lanphere. International organizer, and
T. . B. Welden of the retail drug
clerks.; r /il>i
President -John *&• O'Brien Makes
Some Remarks to Gathering:.
RETAIL CLERKS GIVE DA?fCE.
Declares Thnt Subterfuge Is Used to
... Get Steamfltter. on FIcior-
Vice President Spencer moved not
The fight over the position of Schardt,
the prebident of th« Chicago Federa
tion of Labor and incidentally the Etat
us of the preat organization of 200,000
members that he represents, waa set
dov.-n for hearing end discussion on the
convention floor yesterday. Schardt
ha* been turned down by' the creden
tials committee cf the^conventlon.
The committee refused to eeat him
end turned the entire matter over to
the convention a* a whole to settle.
Now Schardt's Chicago federation is
in trouble on account of lt« action in
regard to tbe very same Chicago steam
fitters that figured to furnish a reason
for- opposition to Mangan. The Schardt
case would have followed that of Man
gan yesterday, but noon was near and
there wns evidently not time to thrash
it out »>c£ore the recess, therefore it
was agreed to make It a special order
for to.day. to follow another special
crder. which is ihe reception of greet
ings from the' British and Canadian
delegate* to the convention tn behalf
cf their constitnents, ;
After Mangan was seated B. Cohen
• Secretary Morrison took ft long time
to count the votes. After the first roll
call he went carefully over the Hit of
voters, again calling the names of the
delegates and verifying the accuracy of
his checking. Then be requested a
short time to count and was granted
U. During the noise and smoke of the
battle at least one man In the house
v.as entirely imperturbable, at least
outwardly, and that was Mangan.
When the result waa announced and he
was admitted, became forward from
the r.-ar of the hall, stood at the gate
that has been placed at the lower end
of the hall and there, with a voice as
soft as sHk, thanked the convention
and said* that he hcrped to prove worthy
of the confidence that had been mani
fested in him.' • • .
Very different In ••' tntent from the
smooth and euave uucrance of Man
gan «u . tht^ speech, during the dls
cueeion season, of several of those who
tnade the fight against his admission.
Generally It v.as said by those in op
poeition that they, did -not object to
Mangan but to the principle of opening
the door to let him in with all that is
involved. . .. } Y-
Tlu; battle on thla issue was long and
lively. Considerable parliamentary
practice preceded and gave Delegate
Abraham, the oldest living member of
the British Parliament, an Idea of what
can be done in an American labor con
vention. The air was balmy outcide,
the allurements to visit the attractions
of £an Francisco were many, but there
were no desertions from the hundreds
of chairs In Lyric HaJL
Delegates Sit Through Ilpt Discussion
to Vuto on Issue.
BATTLE LONG AXD LIVELY.
.; , <• ¦ , ," ,- »..¦•: . ., ¦ , j.
gates under such circumstances, - or ' seating
thie particular delegate tindef the circumstances
surrounding: this* 'case. ¦¦;•¦. ••.-.••
Delegate Hart charged that • there
was collusion and eaid: ' -
In this particular case. If In no other that
Is to follow, there Is collusion. To my under
standing this Florists' Union is a very small or
ganization, recently organized, and in that time
there is no fair-minded man who can say that
that . organization has found enough business
to jirc-scnt it3elf here at this convention, nor
has it b~rn able. In a natural way, to secure
such An able - representative as relegate Man
gan to th!s convention. I don't want to re
peat what. I eaid iyesterday, but It^wlll establish
a very bad precedent If the American Federa
tion of Labor will accept delegates from au
organisation which had been 1 expelled or sus
pended from our national organisation and
through this subterfuge can serk eyual rights
upon the floor of the American Federation of
Labor convention.
¦ It Is my opinion that the repre»sntatlv» from
the Boris's' organization secures his expenses
from the steamfltters of Chicago. I do not
raise the- point that Delegate Mangan's work
ing for the city government of Chicago and.
while I am opposing his seating. I want to say
this In that regard— that I wish that all msn
worklnp fdr our city government, in so far as
our crafts are concerned, were union men
aiid union men only; so ¦ far aa that Is con
cerned, that -would not bar him, nor does it
make him. nece-saril- ' in a strict light, a
politician. But I oppose him upon the ground
which I stated yesterday: that he secured his
admission into the Florists' Cnlon and presents
hlrr.self h«re nominally as the delegate from
the florists, but principally as the representa
tive of the orsaniiation of steamfltters,
. Delegate Leonard asserted that "an
unafflliated union attempts to be rep
resented by a member that cannot,
because of suspension, represent his
own organization. For- this reason
the delegate should not be seated."
The Massachusetts delegates met
with the president of the textile work
ers in reference to the strike in Fall
River, Mais., mills yesterday.
of them was .that a man may. know
two trades and that the convention -of
the American Federation • of Labor
had not the right to go back of cre
dentials Jo a delegate that were issued
by an organization that, was entitled
to be represented. . . .
Just as soon as "question" was
called a motion was made to have a
vote by roll call.. President Gompers
decided that fprty hands were. held up
by as many delegates, "more than
one-tenth of the delegates to this con
vention," in sign of a desjre for a roll
cajl.. The vote was taken with the
result already told. For many a day
the entire transaction will be discussed
and a study of- the vote will be mads
in connection with the list of dele
gates by the followers of the labor
cause. ' \
In accordance with the recommen
dations of th'e committee on creden
tials J. J. Goodwin, C. Ward, James
Weed and M..H. Dunne were admit
ted. ; ,: ..
At noon a recess was taken in order
that, a trolley ride to all - principal
points of interest in the city might.be
taken by the delegates, on invitation
of the local committee. This threw
over practically all the other business
of the day so far as the transaction of
it In ODen convention was concerned.
President Gompeira suggested and the
idea was adopted of holding evening
meetings of all the committees. Prac
tically all the convention leaders were
therefore kept busy last night.
Before the noon recess Secretary
Morrison announced the receipt of ad
ditional resolutions, which were re
ferred to committees. .The time will
close : to-day for the reception of res
olutions without the unanimous con
sent of the convention..
James' Wilson yesterday offered a
resolution ' to amend the constitution
of the federation. This was referred
to the committee on resolutions.
Thomas J. Mahoney proposed by
resolution an Increase of the percap
ita tax. The resolution went to the
committee on laws. ,
A' resolution was offered asking that
union made gloves be recommended to
wives arid daughters to Increase the
demand. This went to the commit
tee on labels.
Several resolutions relative to the
unfair list were received.
A telegram "extending greetings was
received from Tacoma.-
THREE MK.\ UJIO JlGURED PnOMlS'~BNTLY IN- .THE -FIRST RATTLB . TO .-.BE
FOUGHT IN THE CONVENTION OP THE AMERICAN - FEpEflATlON • .OF . I
LABOR IN WHICH THE LEADERS -WEttE OUTVOTED. -~i "\
" The -District* Council of- Painters,
representing the various unions of this
city arid- surrounding towns, tendered
a reception last night' to J. C."~Bahl
hoj-n, J. H. 'Sullivan. George C. Camp
bell, John. M. Finan and Frank C
Lowe, ¦ th.6. national delegates, repre
senting the painters and paperhang
er» at the labor convention. Pio
neer Hall, where the reception took
place, was tastefully decorated for the
occasion.
William E. Scully of local union
No. 170 acted as chairman of the
evening and introduced the principal
speakers. Short addresses were made
by J. C. Bahlhorn. Frank Duffy, J. H.
Sullivan and William J. Spencer,
eighth vice president of the American
Federation of Labor. P. H. McCarthy,
president of the Building Trades
Council, -was the principal speaker.
He delivered an Interesting: address
and was warmly received.
; The reception was In charge of A.
E. Smith, local union No. 10; H. F.
Sheehan, local union No. 19, and S.
Arnold, local union No. 184. An In
teresting musical and literary pro
gramme was rendered during th«
evening. •' • / _.H T ;. ;'
District Council Receives Many Prom
v. Inent Delegate* From the East. .
PAINTERS ACT AS- HOSTS.
Mr. Mangan knows that ho has bad his ex*
penees paid to this convention by Local No. 2
of- the Fteamfltters". Union ot Chicago. •While"
acting as a representative of the Gardeners*.
and Florists' Union at this convention he re
ceives his jtalarj". or his expensec are defrayed
by local Union No. 'i of the city of Chicago
SteamStters. I want to say to you, my friends,
tlat If LooaI No. 2 of Chicago la paying, the
freight in I'll* case they are going to get some
cf thi: glory: they are going to ehare in some
of the ptlv'Vges, Pome of the labors, some of
Vxn re»r-<'iis'lllities of thla convention. They
rxneet to do eo. or they . would not have paid
Mr. Mangan's salary here. "
Mr. Mangan was askM " this question last
night, imoni others. -.and refused to answer
the questloa whsther he had received his ex
penses from Lccal No. 2 or not. - I set out,
Mr. Chairman, that Mr. Mangan is not now nor
has he been a member of the florists' organ
ization, and, since he is not a member cf that
organization, he la not qualified for member
ship in this convention.-. That union is not
privileged to furnish Mr. Mangan with a ere-'
dentlal to the American Federation cf Labor.
For that .reason, and again for the reason that
Mr. Mangan. la resorting to a certain subter
fuge unworthy of ¦ him — positively unworthy cf
-him — this convention ehould not accept the
report cf the committee., , - : .
If Mr. Mangan it a eteamfitter; and has
b<Hrri employed for the last three months aa a
ntt-nn-.HUer. then I am here to Bay. Mr. Chair
man, that he does not quaiiry for membership
in tue Gardeners' and Florists' Union. And I
further want to say that if this union accepted
_Mr. Manse n knowing when accepting him that
h.' wan employed as a steamfltter and not as
a florist of gardener, this union is not entitled*
to a delegate In this convention. ,- . .--
It 1* not the admission to . thljs convention
Of Mr. Mangan that we object to; it is the'es
tabiishrr.ent of a precedent*, that will • be- Icl
lowed and atn:;td by designing parties desir
ing to enter thU' convention: It in to break
down a barrier to good' government " -and
proper, usage that we object. We do not de
elre to see the laws, usages and cuetoma of
lire ' American .Federation of Labor outraged
by politician* or political tricksters. W"< are
satisfied that this will be done if you, per
mit or tolerate the establishment of this pre
cedent this morning. - , .-. ¦ • -
Returning again, however, to the standing
of Mr. Mangan in the Florists' Union, 1 want
to say this and I want you to take it home
to yourselves. 1 would like to say that in
appearing before the- committee la*t evening
I subjected .Mr. Mangan to a series of cross
questions and among others 1 asked Mr. Man
i?an how long he had been a. member of the
Gardeners' and Florists' Union ot Chicago.
Mr, Mangan* was unable to state the date of
his a<Jrcl»«lon. . '¦ . -
Think of It, ray friends, a roan cannot rec
ollect the*day he joined the union, the union
that he comes here representing! He cannot
recollect the day that he first accepted mem
bership in the organisation! In a general way
he said. "I have been a member of this union
within the last three months." -. Sow, follow
me: If Mr. Menpan joined the Gardeners',
and FlorUrts* Union within the I last three
months, he must necessarily have been a gar
dener or a florist. In order to U-com« > mem
ber or a union h« must qualify for membership
in that he mutt "represent that trade. Then,
if Mr. Mangan has been employed as a gar
dener or Corist within the tyst three months
I want to eay to you that he has-been receiv
ing his salary from -the city of Chicago •¦ a
steamfltter during this time. Mr. Mangan
is a steamfltter in the employ of the city of
Chicago, and has been receiving, his -salary
from the city of Chicago for the last number
cf years and not working as' a florist or gar
dener at all. ... Oi Btqi ¦
to concur in the report and then the
ball was set to rolling and continued
to roll for a long time. "Spencer said
in part in support of his motion:
¦I. hold that Mr. Mangan is , not Qualified
for membership !n the Gardeners' and Flor
ists' Vnicn of Chicago. ,. 1 want; however, to
dlettbuse the minds of tee delegates, if they
entertain en opinion' that, the delegates of tho
united association hesitate or are reluctant
to accept Mr. Mangan as a delegate of this
convention. We don't hesitate to accept Mr.
Mangan. I M> have no fear ot Mr.;. Mangan,. I
entertain the . highest regard for him, -but I
mu6t sty that I am teetotal!? and ur.rmalt
fi»«ily. oj. ;><,*. d . to the manner in '.wnirhr he
attempts to breaJt, JaUi th.l* convention. It was
ea'.a 1 -JWr« '-'.yesterday that' the flays-' of- technf
eailtim similar- to. the dne. employed by. : Mi*
Mam-an "have happily *one' by. It 'Is to be
re wetted that we are to witness the spectacle
a^ain. • „-.» -• ¦•¦ , .•-¦- ->•_•• -/
When he heard the cojnmitte report
he made himself manifest iri the back
of the hall arid withdrew his creden
tials and relinquished his claim to "a
seat. * '. : '*
The delegate who headed the fight
against Mangan is Vice President Spen
cer. As the matter is explained by
delegates. '^spemrer belongs to one or
ganization of plumbers Jn Chicago' an4
Mangan another. While Mangan is
rated as a steamfltter, his organization
includes plumbers. Siangan... so-, say
delegates, is connected with the na
tional organization that i6- not' recog
nized by the American Federation, an<1
rpencer Is a member of the 'recognized
international. Mangan la a clever and
able talker, whether he- will take part
in the Schardt-Chicago federation mat
ter to-day from the point of a] steam
fitter was a subject for speculation
among the friends of Sper.cer last even
ing. Allegation is made by a delegate
that Cohen, having credentials from
Kewanee, 111., had his expenses to San
Francisco paid by steamfitters J and
that he was expected to take part in
the Schardt fight before the conven
tion, until he dropped out finally yes
terday as a delegate.
While the Mangan battle raged yes
torday readiness as public* speakers
was discovered to be the gift of many.
The audience was occasionally In hu
morous mood. Laughs followed sharp
thrusts. An idea of the proceedings
against Mangan may be best presented
by sample extracts from | speeches,
etenographically reported, of those in
opposition.
was turned down by the credentials
committee. Cohen came with creden
tials from Kewanee, JlL.but the mem
bfrs of the credentials committee
could not see that he was entitled to
tit. -
and also accredited to their own con
vention of Electrical Workers of the
Pacific Coast, which body is also hold
ing its annual convention In this city.
' Machinists' Lodge No. 68 was visited
at Machinists' Hall, 1159 Mission
street, by International President
James O'Connell of Washington. D. C,
end four other delegates, all of whom
made short addresses, highly compli
mentary to the local men cennected
with the machinists of this city.
Although there were delegates of
prominence in all the cars, ihe main In
terest was centered in the car in which
President Gompers rode. Accompanying
the president were the fraternal dele
gates of Great Britain. Wlgnall anct
Abraham and their wives, Mahon and
Cornelius- of the Street Railway Em
ployes, D. A. Hayes of the executive
council and delegates from "Washing
ton,. New York and Maryland. The
local people who acted as escort to. the
president's party were: John E. Mc-
Dougald. City Treasurer; Michael
Casey and O. A. Tvietmoe. The presi
dent's car was in charge of Motorman
J. A. Bergstrand and Conductor J. J.
Regallo.
The first point of Interest to the vis
itors was the old Mission Dolores. Here
the cars stopped while the occupants
gazed long at the old walls that shel
tered the padres In bygone years. To
the English delegates In particular this
spot appealed.
The car carrying President Gompers
and his party followed the park line
and the visitors expressed admiration,
at the beautiful foliage and flowers.
Many audibly recalled the fact that
there were severe wire-breaking? storms
in the East and . regretted that their
business would compel their return.
The day was an ideal one at the Cliff
House and the delegates positively re
fused to return to the city after the*
hour allotted had passed. Up and down
along the sands and through the Sutro
park were small parties of delegates,
and when the last special car left many
were still at the beach.
The entire body of delegates with
possibly a few exceptions started out
from the headquarters at the Russ
House at l:30 # ln ten special cars and
covered the regular observation route.
Car after car filled with the delegates
passed through the city's streets while
members of the local committee pointed
out the places of Interest-
Crossing back over FUlniore street,
the party separated, one division of
cars going to the Cliff House by way of
the Sutro, and the other by way of the
park and beach line. When the Cliff
House and seal rocks were reached the
entire party was so much impressed
with the beauty and grandeur of the
scene that the allotted stop of one hour
was lengthened Indefinitely. The cars
were compelled to wait until strag
gling parties came back. Many dele
gates even remained at the beautiful
pleasure spot so long that they were
compelled, to board the regular cars
returning.* •
The delegates to the American Fed
eration of Labor Convention yesterday
took advantage of the opportunity of
fered by the local committee and the
United Railroads Company, and with
their wives spent a pleasant afternoon
viewing San Francisco's many points of
Interest.
The leading insiders In the American
Federation of Labor were "thrown
down" yesterday by a roll call vote In
Eyrie Ha!L In cpponltlon to the votes
of such leaders a* Samuel Goraper*.
John Mitchell, James Duncan and Wil
liam J. Epencer, a man was given a
seat on the convention floor who has
been a member of the organization of
Chicago eteamfitters that is ostracized
by the American Federation and, ac
cording to allegations on the floor,
spoken in heated debate and not denied,
•who came to San Francisco at the ex
pense of the same Chicago steamfltters.
I>elegate John Mangan of Chicago, who
is accredited as a "florist." Is the man
who won- On the roll call the vote on
seating h!m as a delegate was 7652 in
favor and 7SS7 against.
•^ There are not 15.0C9 delegates in the
convention as might be inferred by the
casual reader from the total number of
votes that were polled on roll call.
Under the syetem of voting, the several
delegations to the convention are en
titled to cast" votes in proportion to
their membership. So the mine work
ers, btaded by Mitchell, can cast 2557
votes; the plumbers. Spencer'e dele
gation, 165; the machinists. 627; the
longshoremen. 500; the meat cutters,
244; the molders, 200;. the musicians,
220; painters, 607; barbers, 236; boiler
makers, 190; boot and shoe workers, 320;
carpenters and Joiners, 1554; cigarmak
ers. Gcnjptrs 1 delegation, 406; electrical
workers, 210; garment "Workers, "4%(: ho- '.
tel and restaurant employes, 484; sea*
men, 201; Typographical Union, 4f7.
I Many delegations cast a. Jess number*
of votes and a large number of dele
gates have but one vote each to cant.
The minority in which Gomr>ers, Spen
cer. Mitchell and their followers found
themselves when the votes were count
ed was 285. There were splits in the
delepatlons. In this way knowledge
t*&*. gained that Gompers voted against
stating. Th» Gompers delegation was
divided. A rail from the floor for In
formation brought out the statement
from Secretary Morrison that Gompers
and two others of the delegation voted
against Mangan.
CAUSES ODD SITUATION
Local Committee Acts
as Host to Many
Men of Toil.
Obtains Seat on
Floor and Now
Has Vote.
Take Trolley- Ride to
Cliff and Yarions
Attractions.
BELONGS TO BODY
TflAT IS EXCLUDED
Steamf itter of the
Windy City Is
Winner.
DELEGATES
GAYLY SEE
THE CITY
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL. V THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17 V 100$.
ON the day preceding the hearing of the controversy pending before" the convention of the American Federation of Labor, relatingto the status.of.-the Chicago Federation of -Labor-and its 200,000 members, and while oppos
ing forces are lining up for a momentous struggle, Delegate Mangan- of a proscribed organization, though with credentials from another society of laborers, gets through the lines and is invested with a vote and
qualified to sit with full powers to act, a right that is won after a roll-call ballot, in which history is made for all participants who are parties to the proceedings. Many speeches are made and open accusations of trickery are
frequent A situation of unusual interest is created as the result of the decision that is finally rendered by the majority of ballots. ;.;.;' j'
MANGAN SURPRISES GOMPERS AND BREAKS INTO CONVENTION OF AMERICAN FEDERATION AFTER
BATTLE IN WHICH NEARLY ALL ACKNOWLEDGED CHIEFS OPPOSE HIM
4His right sidp Is paralyzed and he
is unable to speak. Physicians pro
nounce his condition serious, but not
immediately ' m critical. Should he
suffer another paralytic stroke, how
ever, it is feared the result would
prove fatal. .
LEXINGTON. Ky., Nov. 16. — Col
onel W. C. P. Brecklnridge, the noted
lawyer and former Congressman, was
stricken at -his desk In /his office to
day by paralysis. He did not lost con
sciousness..
Noted Kmtuckian, Though . Remain
ing Conscious, Is* Unable to .
opcak.
Mrs; Kate "Pierson, who j*oom3 at
9270 Mission street, was arrested yes
terday, by Detectives Graham and
Fitzgerald and registered on the det
inue book at the Central police sta
tion. Mrs. Pierson, who Is a woman
59 years of. age. is accused by Mrs. A.
Steward, another roomer In the. same
house, of. having robbed . her of $300
qn Tuesday night. . ' The police are not
positive that Mrs. Pierson ! committed
the theft, but they, will hold her on
Mrs. Steward's 'accusation* until a
thorough Investigation can be .made.
Woman Suspected of Theft-
ATTEMPTKU 6UICIDB. — John McAndrews,
a youth of 20 years, despondent and without
work attempted to commit suicide yesterday
afternoon In his . room a.t-732 Howard street
bv taWni'a dore of laudanum. The dose waa
a mild one and theyounc man. will recover.
COI-OXEL BltECKIXRIDGE , . V- ;
STIUCKKN* BY PARALYSIS
Rev. Dr. Newell Dwight Hillis, who
occupies Henry Ward Beecher'a . old
pulpit in Plymouth Church, divided a
funeral service In Brooklyn the other
night with a""Mormon elder.'. The ser
vices were, held over the body of aged
Charles D. Juchau and his wife, who
died within twenty-four hours of each
other after fifty years of wedded life.
Mrs. Juchau had been an attendant of
Plymouth ;Church . for nearly, forty
years, and Rev. Dr. Hlllls officiated at
the funeral service In her behalf. When
he had gone. John, G. McQuarrle. * the
president of the 'Eastern States mission
of the Latter-Day Saints (Mormons),
to which denomination* Mr! Juchau had
belonged, took; charge of the service-
Chicago Chronicle. . / ;
Divided Funeral Sen ices.
It is a matter of common observa
tion that at the passing of the | great
men from each generation there is a
pessimistic -feeling prevalent \ that
"there were giants In those days." But
the feeling has never, had any warrant
in the actual deficiencies -of- the on
coming generations. . Orators have
come and gone arid statesmen have
come and gone, and -sometimes their
immediate successors have not been
discernible. . But in time the men have
emerged who have taken their, places
and who have Improved- upon the pat
terns they left.-— Des Moines •Register.
No _ Cause for Pessimism.
Accused of Passing Worthless Checks.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 16.— F. W.
Sieck, who gives . several aliases, was
arrested in this city this afternoon
after purchasing several big bills of
goods paying for them with bogus
checks. On one of them. he succeeded
In getting $14 30 change. He also at
tempted to draw a sight draft on the
German Bank of San Francisco for $60,
through the California State Bank, but
failed, "as the local officials communi
cated with the San Francisco bank by
telephone and found that he • had no
deposit of money there. ~ r -
Anglo- Portuguese Treaty Sijpied.
LONDON, Nov.^ 16. — The Anglo-
Portuguese treaty of arbitration was
signed at Windsor Castle to-day.
IK-year-oW boy of 10U5 Cortland avenue, had
hi* h-":.d •. ,;•'¦: by u buzz naw in a bu&t
buildir.K Ui the Potrero ye»ter
«5a> mil had ft* member badly torn. The ln
lurt-d JikcJ vtbji amputated «t the Central
Em«rc*ncy Ilosjiltil by Dm. Stephens, Baell
3Tt4 Hill.
j SALONICA, Nov. 16.— A battalion
of troops from Albania has been or
dered to proceed in' haste to Vodlna,
forty-five- miles northwest of Salonlca.
where serious disorders are reported.
Anti-Turkish Disturbances.
, WEATHERSFIELD. Conn., Nov. 17.
Joseph Watson, 18 years old. a negro,
v/as hanged In the State prison this
morning for the murder of Henry Os
l»orn of Hartford last August.
Youthful Negro Hanged.
Rostand's Experience With Officialdom
Edmond Rostand was the other day
the hero of a little episode wich might
furnish him with the material for a
scene in a future play. During a visit
to a friend in the country M. Rostand
was requested to accompany. him to a
mairle. In order to register the friend's
new-born Infant. The adjunct of the
malrie, a conscientious little man,
booked the infant and then- turned to
M. Rostand as the first -witness.
"Your name, sir?"
"Edmund Rostand."
"Your vocation?" . ,
"Man of letters and member of, the
French Academy."
"Very well," replied the official, "you
have to sign your name. Can you
write? If not you may make a cross."
Indianapolis News. .-.
OLYMPIA, • Wash., Nov.. 16.— The
Olympia Hotel, one of the best-known
hostelries in the, State, was destroyed
by fire at 11 o'clock to-night. It cost,
furnished, in 1890 $110,000. The insur
ance carried was $15,000.
The hotel was noted all over the
State as the headquarters of all legis
lators, politicians and lobbyists during
the legislative sessions. The session
beginning in .January will be handi
capped by the loss of the structure.
The Olympia, the Best Known Hos
'telry in ' Washington State, Is
Burned to the Ground.
New Editor for London Standard.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— H. A. Gwynne,
Reuter^s chief correspondent in the
South African, Soudan and Turko-
Greek wars, hag been appointed edi
tor of the London Standard, under. the
new regime.
The John Minnick at Wells, who
also was a millwright, was killed
shortly after 9 o'clock, his clothing
likewise having become caught in
shafting.
No one saw the accident which re
sulted in John Mlnnlck's death at the
Stephenson mill, and when the
mangled body of John Minnick was
found In Cox Bros.' plant at Mil
waukee it was the first inkling of that
fatality.
Both men were working about re
volving shafts, and both, without a
thought of danger, approached too
near. The men were not related.
ESCANABA, Mich., Nov. 16. — The
peculiar coincidence of two men of
the same name meeting their death
in the same manner, at the same hour
on the same day has been brought to
notice in connection with the death of
John Mlnnick, killed at the Stephen
son Company's mill at Wells, near
here. On the same morning, a little
after 0 o'clock, at Milwaukee, WIs.,
John Minnick. a millwright, was
caught in a shaft and whirled to his
death. v
Victims Are of Same Name and De
tails or Accidents Remark
ably Alike.
Doctor Di«*N a Martyr.
CITY OF MKXICO. Nov. 16. — Dr.
Z«?aldo Chias died -to-day at Merio of
yellow fever. He was commissioned
to Btudy that disease by the Iitalian
Government and died a martyr to his
country.
FIRE DESTROYS A HOTEL
AND ALL ITS FURNISHINGS
PECLTJAR SIMILARITY
IN TWO TRAGIC DEATHS
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16. — Japanese
Prince Fushimi received the diplo
matic corps this afternoon. To-night
lie was th«? guest at a dinner at the
Japanese legation. Prominent officials
of the diplomatic corps and of the
Government were present.
Diplomatic Corps Meets Fu>hlml.
Santa Ana Dedicates New City Hall.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 16.— Santa Ana's
new $20,000 City Hall was dedicated
this evening under the auspices of the
League of California municipalities, the
dedication exercises taking the place of
the regular business meeting of the
league. Besides. the delegates a large
crowd of local people thronged the hall
during the evening. After- the speaking
an Informal reception was tendered the
visiting delegates. ..-,-,
To be. called from their home in
South Dakota by an aunt under the
promise of support and then be
turned into the street in destitute cir
cumstances is alleged to have been
the experience of Thomas Leggett and
his aged mother yesterday. Mrs. Rose
Herman, a wealthy property owner
living at 1375 "Waller street, turned on
her sister and nephew and caused
their arrest yesterday on a charge of
retaining, property illegally.
•The Leksetts say they came to thi#
city a week ago and were given the
house at 1375 Waller street to look
after. Mrs. Herman said that she was
going to give young Leggett the su
perintendency of her ranch In the
country. According to the story of
the imprisoned people, the erstwhile
benefactress turned on them yester
day and ordered them from the house.
They say she was drinking. On their
refusal to leave before they had found
another place she got a warrant for
their arrest. Thomas Leggett cannot
account for the actions of his aunt.
He says Mrs. Herman drinks three
quarts of whisky every day.
The unfortunate people were balled
out by friends late last night, at the
Park police station, where they had
been incarcerated. They are far from
their home and without a cent In the
world. Young Leggett saW he. would
sue Mrs. Herman to compel her to
live up to her contract.
Mn. Herman was the former wife
of W. B. Dolan, a wealthy property
owner of this city, who died some
years ago. ?V!Jb
Aunt Who Had a Contract With Them
Turns nnd Has Them Locked
• Ur» in Jail.
AGED 'WOMAN AND HER SON
ARE EJECTED FROM HOUSE
¦ * - •
Fire Damages Armory.
The roof 'of the handsome armory
of "the Nationals" on Ellis street, be
tween Van Ness avenue and Polk
street, caught fire shortly after mid
night last night. Crossed electric
wires are supposed to have caused th«
blaze. Several thousand dollars dam
age was done by fire and water.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 16. — On
the face of the election. returns it ap
pears that Cheyenne won the fight for
the permanent location of the State
Capitol. However, the contest was
very close in many sections and the
result will not be known definitely un
til the official count is made.
Lander, located In the center of the
State, near the Wind River Reserva
tion, which is soon to be opened, re
ceived a large number of votes, al
though it has no railroad.
Election Returns Indicate That It
Has Won the Fl*ut at
the Polls.
Great Sums Pledged.
The "straight" life insurance com
panies of the United States are pledged
to' pay about 512,000,000,000 to several
million policy holders during .the next
half-century or so, and they are In
creasing this/vast liability at the rate
of $2,500,000,000 a year; and, In addi
,tlon, there are more than 800 fraternal
orders, business associations and the
like Insuring the lives of their mem
bers and guaranteeing to pay out an
other f6.000.000.000. All these organiza
tions collect, every year, some $500,000.
000 from the policy holders, besides an
other $100,000,000 of interest and the
like. In a word, their total income is
a little larger than the income of aU
the railroads in this country and their
receipts for / eighteen months would
pay the United States national debt. —
The World's Work.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16. — Judge Alton
B. Parker, the recent Democratic can
didate for President, opened a law of
fice here to-day. At the same time he
announced that he had become a resi
dent of this city; that Mrs. Parker
would join him here to-day and that
they would at once secure a home In
this city. He said he had not entered
into partnership with any one and
would practice law alone.
Will Practice Alone and Will in
Future Reside in New
' York City. *
CHEYENNE MAY REM*AIN
CAPITAL OF WYOMING
JUDGE PARKER OPENS
LAW OFFICE IN GOTHAM
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 1$: — Samuel
Merrill, a prominent citizen of this
city, died here last night. He came
here from Denver five years ago after
severing his 'connection with, the
Denver and Rio Grande Railroad. He
was an artist of note, having painted
many pictures of Colorado scenery,
notably the Holy Cross Mountain. He
was 5S years of age and leaves a
widow, v
Death Summons an Artist.
LONDON. Nov. 17.— A dispatch to a
news agency from Liverpool says there
is a hitch in the Atlantic rate war
agreement. The Cunard line desires to
charge a differential rate of $1 25 for
steerage passengers on the Umbria and
Ktruria, and the White Star line de
mands that the Umbria and Etruria
shall be placed on the same basis as
the Oceanic. Majestic ana Teutonic.
The Cunard and White Star lines have
not yet instructed their agents at Liv
erpool to cease steerage bookings at
the low rate.
Rate War Not Yet Ended.
May Send Wheat East by Water Route
PORTLAND, Or., Now. 18. — Port
land grain dealers are considering the
feasibility of transporting wheat to
Eastern markets by the water route.
The plan is to secure if possible Amer
ican sailing vessels for the purpose.
There are about ten American vessels
lying idle at San Francisco, which
have a combined capacity of more
than 25,000 tons, and It is probable
that some, of these may be engaged.
CHICAGO. Nov. 16. — While being
arraigned in court to-day Charles
Shyok, a saloon-keeper, fired a re
volver several times at his wife and
child and then committed suicide. The
child was wounded, but not seriously.
During the shooting Mrs. Shyok fell
unconscious and was thought to have
been killed. >She, however, had only
fainted. When the woman revived
her husband lay dead and the court
room was in wild confusion. The
charges on which Shyofe was being
tried related to family disturbances.
Chicago Saloon-Keeper Shoots at Wife
and Child and Then Ends
Ilis Own Life.
KILLS HIMSELF IN COURT
AFTER FIRING ON FAMILY
prfxt for the best lifeboat at the St.
Lj>uis Exposition. She met very stormy
weuther. but i>roved an excellent sea
, boat. She lost her mainmast, sails and
other ?ear. All on board are well. The
Urad will reorovision here and pro
"Veed to New York.
I^-signer and Three Companions
Reach St. Johns on Way to New
York lYom Norway.
s?T. JOHNS. N. F.. Nov. 16.— The life
boat Urad from Aalesund. Norway,
ahlcb is bound for St. Johns and New
York and thence for St- Louis, with de
signer Captain >Bude and three others
aboard, arrived in the harbor here to
day, i^he was three months and nine
days in crossing the "Atlantic.
The boat was built to compete for the
CROSS THE ATLANTIC
OCEAN IN LIFEBOAT
The two police officers who were de
tailed to keep the peace at the Crocker-
Clement football game yesterday met
their Waterloo late in the afternoon.
At least a hundred boys swarmed on
the fl*ld throughout tne game, but the
police made no effort to clear the grid
iron until the game was within ten
minutes of completion. One of the po
licemen singled out a youth about 10
years old, and because the lad did not
move as lively as the policeman wished
he was struck in the face several times
and hustled out of. the grounds. The
guardian of the peace who had lost his
temper was followed back to the
grounds by about fifty hooting school
boys.
The other policeman came to his com
rade's aid and tried to disperse the
crowd. One of the police,. unfortunately
for himself, shoved "Tat" Rlonlan. th«j
pugnacious tackle of Polytechnic High
School, and the real trouble beganT
Rlordan's fighting blood was Immedi
ately aroused and he sailed into the
policeman. The other bluecoat pulled
his club and struck Riordan over the
head. .The latter forthwith turned his
attention to his second assailant. ' In
the melee that followed the; policemen
came off second best. When Rlordan's
cdmpanions pulled him away each po
liceman nursed a beautiful black eye
and a cut face. Riordan's face was
also skinned. . There were no arrests.
"Tat" Rlonlan Makes a Successful
Battle Against Two Bluccoats
Who Seize Him.
POLICE AND FOOTBALL £
PLAYER IN A 3HX-UP
Will Tie S acceded as Admiral of the
< 1::inn»-l Squadron by Wil
liam May.
LONDON, Nov. 16. — 'Hie following
naval appointments were announced
to-day to become effective in 1905:
Vice Admiral Sir Arthur K. Wilson
continues to command the home fleet;
Vice Admiral Lord Charles Beresford.
commanding the channel fleet, to suc
ceed Admiral Sir Domville in com
mand of the Mediterranena fleet;
Rear Admiral William Henry May, to
succeed Vice Admiral Beresford in
command of the channel fleet-
There will be no election of officers
at this session of the Grange, the offi
cers now in cotnrol holding over until
next year. The official staff of the
Grange as now constituted Is as fol
lows: Aaron Jones, of South Bend.
Ind.. - grand master; Governor N. J.
Batchelor of New Hampshire, national
lecturer; Governor C. J. Bell of Ver
mont, secretary of th« executive com
mittee; T. C. Atkeson, dean of the Uni
versity of West Virginia, grand over
seer.
At the afternoon session Grand Mas
ter Aaron Jones read this annual re
port, which was followed by the re
ports of the State masters and of the
officers of the organization.
An open session and reception were
held to-night In- the National Guard
armory.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 16.— The thir
ty-eighth annual session of the Nation
al Grange convened in this city to-day
to /continue in session for ten days.
Grand Master Aaron Jones of South
Bend, Ind., presided at the opening ses
sion.
The first order of business was the
appointment of a committee on creden
tials. It was found that two delegates
each from twenty-six States were eligi
ble to seats and votes in the conven
tion. The sessions are secret. Many'
matters are to come before the con
vention. Two members of the national
executive committee are to be elected
and there will be sharp competition
between several cities for the privilege
of entertaining the Grange in its next
annual session.
Many Matters .of Interest ' Are to Be
Disposed of at Present Session
of Organization.
BERESFORD TO COM3IAND
MEDITERRANEAN FLEET
NATIONAL GRANGE HEARS
REPORTS OF ITS OFFICERS
OMAHA. Nov. 16. — Ponderous de
positions from a number of promi
nent citizens of Oakland. Cal., were
read in the District Court here to-day
in support of the' attempt of Paul J.
Schafer, assistant postmaster of Oak
land, to have set aside the divorce
obtained against him. two years ago
by Zebulina H. Schafer. Mrs. Schafer
at the time satisfied the court by evi
dence that Schafer was of intemper
ate habits. Schafer asks for a new
trial on the ground that the divorce
was obtained by false testimony.
The hearing began to-day .with the
reading of depositions from Thomas
T. Dargie. postmaster of Oakland,
Gertrude M. Sarfe, R. "W. Church,
Judge II. A. Melvin and othe.rs. say
ing Shafer had never been addicted to
the use of alcoholic stimulants and
that he held an excellent reputation.
in Omaha.
in the Divorce Case Xow On
DcfK>sltlons of Oakland Citizens Read
TESTIFY TI£AT SCHAFKK
HAS GOOD REPUTATION
A dispatch from Shanghai dated
October 13 reported a three days' flght
between Chinese troops and rebels at
I»chen;?ahien, one of the towns men
tioned in the foregoing cablegram, in
which a large body of rebels was de
feated.
It is understood that. the new treaty
to be proposed by the administration
will seek to cultivate friendly trade re
lations with China, without throwing
the doors wide open to the coolies..
When China decided to conclude the
existing treaty Senators and Represen
tatives from the Pacific, Coast were ex
cited. The Pacific Coast legislators in
sisted that the abrogation of the treaty
would cause the treaty relations of
China and America regarding immigra
tion to revert to the Berlin treaty, en
acted several decades ago. It provided
that Immigration between the two
countries 8hould\>e "free and unre
stricted."
On the ground that reversion to this
treaty would cause an inrush of coolies
from Mexico" and Canada between De
cember 8 and the earliest day the Sen
ate could ratify a new treaty, the Pa
cific Coast Senators and Representa
tives sought prohibitive legislation by-
Congress. The leaders advocated giv
ing the President charge of the matter.
The President asked for Attorney Gen
eral Knox's opinion as to whether the
Immigration law . of 1903 would hold
after the abrogation of the treaty.
Knox advised that additional legisla
tion be enacted by Congress. The ef
fort of Congress to dodge responsibility
was accordingly frustrated and In the
closing days of the. session an act was
passed re-enacting all previous exclu
sion, without regard to treaties. Pan
ama was specifically excepted from the
exclusion policy, so that Chinese labor
may be employed in digging the canal.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— Although the
existing Chinese- American immigration
treaty will expire on December 8, the
officials declare there is no danger of
an influx of coolie labor. The Chines©
Government "six months ago gave no
tice that It. would abrogate the treaty
on December 8. in the hope of obtain
ing a convention more favorable to the
admission of merchants, students and
officers. President Roosevelt is favor
able to a mare liberal treaty. regard-
Ing the extension of such privileges to
Chinese as a good way to win com
mercial favor In return. The policy of
the exclusion of coolies, will not be
changed in any way.
Investors began proceedings against
Balliet accusing him of using the mails
for fraudulent pun>oses and the Gov
ernment officials finally made a case
against him, which resulted In his plea
of guilty to-day. His CD?r«xtlons cen
tered In San Francisco.
UES MOINES, Iowa, Nov. 16.— Letson
Balliet. who gained wide notoriety two
years ago as the promoter of the White
Swan Mining Company of Oregon, to
day suddenly terminated his second
trial in the Federal Court for fraudu
lently using the mails by pleading guil
ty to the offense. The first trial two
>cars ago ended in conviction after a
hard fight, but the second trial was
ordered by the higher courts.
Balliet was formerly a resident of Des
Moines and went from the work of a
mining engineer Into promoting mines.
He organized the White Swan Mining
Company and through it secured sev
eral hundred thousand dollars in stock
subscriptions. It was alleged that very
little of this money was used in de
\ eloping property ..but employed in ear
ning on stock sales and for Balllefs
private U5e.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 16.— The rebels
have repulsed the imperial troops at
Liuchowfu, in the province of- Kwang
£i. Southern China. They have cap
tured Yuenhsien, Tiertfiosien, Loch
enghien, Kuaiyenhsien and LIuchen.
five of the principal towns , in the
province. The merchants and bankers
fled from these towns. f
Chou Fu. former Governor of the
piovinco of Shantung, who' was re
cently appointed" Viceroy at Nanking,
has been ordered to proceed immedi
ately to his post and to take measures
to check the rebels in the Yangtse Val
lev r
SHERIDAN. Ore.. Nov. 16. — John
Dickins, proprietor, of the Sheridan
Hotel, shot and fatally" wounded Harr
ry Potter, a laborer, .this afternoon.
Jealousy is believed to have been the
cause. Dickins is married and about
40 years of age. Potter, is unmarried
and about. two years his senior.
. The men were seen* 1 in close, ear
nest conversation early this afternoon
in front of Noyes' general store. Sud
denly, Dickins was seen to draw a re
volver from his hip pocket and fire
at Potter at'a distance of two' or
three feet. The bullet struck Potter
in the mouth. The wounded man
fell- to the sidewalk and rolled over
into the street. .Standing directly
over the prostrate body, Dickina fired
twd more shots into Potter's back,
either of which woul<J prove fatal.
Potter was conscious when picked
up. . He said he did not know why
the hotel-keeper had • shot him.
Dickins gave himself up to the officers
anoT'Vefused to make any statement.
Special Dispatch 4 to The Call.
SOUTHPORT, N. C. Nov. 16.— The
Roberta, with a hunting party of
prominent .Rhode Is lancers, which it
was feared had foundered in Sunday's
storm, arrived here with all on board
safe. ¦-'•'i*" r '
NORFOLK, Va.. *Nov. 16.— Advices
from the Carolina coast say the New
Inlet Life Saving Station was destroy
ed by Sunday's hurricane and that sev
eral of the men stationed there were
lost. It is said that a tidal wave wash
ed across the strip of land from the
ocean and carried the station building
away. The news was brought to Eliza
beth City to-day by seamen.
PORTLAND, Me.. Nov. 16.— The Bos
ton fishing BCbooner, Vida M. Brigham,
was run down and sunk. by the Walter
Buckenbach off the Portland lightship
last night. Of the crew of fourteen on
board the flsher all but one, John Daly
of Boston,' who was at the wheel, were
saved.
MACHIAS, Me., Nov. 16.— The auxil
iary schooner Uncas is believed .to have
sunk off Spruce . Island on Sunday
night with her crew, ' consisting of
the owner. Captain "Wallace, Walter
Davis and an unknown man.
men drowned.
WASHINGTON, N. C, Nov. 16.— The
schooner Missouri was capsized off In
dian Head on Sunday and -Captain
Charles Williams and the crew of three
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
Proposed New Convention
3Iay Be More Liberal
Toward Merchant Glass
Tidal Wave Carries Away
StationJhiilding on the
North- ! Carolina Coast
Fires Two Bullets Into the
Back of Victim After He
Falls Wounded in Street
Insurgents Make Big Gains
Against the Government
in the Province of Kwangsi
BUSINESS MEN FLEE
Promoter of the White Swan
Comes to the Eud of His
Rope in Des Moines Court
EXPIRES OX. DECEMBER 8
TiriAL SUDDENLY ENDS
LIFE SAVERS PERISH
SURRENDERS TO POLICE
Two Schooners Sunk on
the Atlantic' Seaboard and
Their Crews Are Drowned
Drive Back Troops of the
Empire and Capture Five
Important Southern Towns
Jealousy Prompts an Oregon
Hotel Proprietor to Use His
Kevolver on a Laborer
Abrogation of Treaty With
'China' Will Not Open
Our Ports to Immigration
of the Mails to Defraud
Notorious Mining Operator
Admits That He Made Use
COOLIE LABOR
STILL BARRED
REBELS TAKE
CHINESE CITIES
BALLIET SAYS
HE IS GUILTY
FATAL QUARREL
OVER A WOMAN
VESSELS LOST
IN THE STORM
THE SAN: FRANCISCO; CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17. 1904.
A praver can be long without being
tall.
I^OClSVILEi:, Ky., Kov. Id. — The Diocesan
Council to-nlzht elected Dr. Charles L." Wood
cock of Detroit Protestant EoUcopal Bishop
of Kentucky. Two man previously elected had
«MUa*4. :
RESORT AGAIN RAIDED.— Under the di
rection* of Captain of Police Duke the rcscrt
at 620 Jackson itrW'wu araln raided last
nieht. -Only ten women were taken Into cu»
tofly. All were Immediately balled out by At
torney Arthur E. Mack. It Is the Intention of
Duke to continue the .raids until he finally
closes the place, unless the courts prevent him
from doinc *o. ,
j Mr. Pretyman of England, in reply
t» a question of the Government late
ly, stated that the average annual cost
of maintaining In commission a first
class battleship of 13,000 tons is: Pay
of wages of officers and crew, £40,369;
victualing. £14.604;: coal,, £ 23,600;
stores and repairs. £9548;. naval-ord
nance - stores, - £ 5 6 50— -a- total • cost of
£94.000. or $420.0001— Boston Globe.
Annual Cost of n Battleship.
. Big ¦ gallinipper mosquitoes that
seem to have jean openers in place' of
stlnffero are. attacking, chickens in the
East End and they are/said. already to
have: killed twenty-two .fowls owned
by Mrs. Bridget Owens of Fulton
street. .All of the chickens were at
tacked Vhile. roosting. The mosquitoes
seem to descend toward the earth from
high in the air early, in the evening or
after darkness and attack animals of
all kinds. It is thought that they
breed inflow, marshy places, but fly"
high most of . the time. — Louisville
Herald.
GallinlpptTH Attack Chickens.
5
FREE FREE -.FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL >;
SMALL ADS.
A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT. SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
Flour on the Market.
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed ~From
-FIELD. TO FAMILY."
Free With Every Small Ad in
• Sunday. Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
ADVERTlSEaiEXTS.
Are You Thinking
of th* cold, nasty, disavreeabl* "WEATHER
THAT'S COMING, when Jupiter Pluvlus
commences to set In his work this
Coming Winter
%vhi!e if s trn» that th* tempt atgre. ta ta
this vicinity Ideal now.
BUT! !
In about 30 or 40 days It will b* COLDI
IX 1A/ILL RAIN
IT We want to keep your house and cXSc*
WARM this winter. We do It wjtS
GASTEAM RADIATORS
Z They do the work, keep you warm. Can't
wait till It's cold before you order on* to
a dosen of thesa Radiators.
DO IX NOW
7 Here's the idea: A regular STEAM
Radiator dslnjf iraa for faeL NO COAL.
WOOD OR ASHES to bother. your wife—
that heipn some.
% Write for particulars or CALL. AND SEE
TflE GASTEAM In operation at our sales-
rooms (beating; department In basement);
but If you haven't time to do that, phone
us and we will send our Gasteam maa to
call. on you with full Information.
pxxYATS xxcacAlraii 8.
The GAS COMPANY
XSATX2TO '»X»A»T1UU»T
415 POST STREET.
nimfo] CNE SICK HEADAQIE.
SSaiiTTiE Genuine Must Bear
g IVER Fac-Simils Signers
ADVKRTISEM ENTS.
€illeTt€ Safety
Evtry D ay i n th t Year r
Thousands of men arc usfngr Gil-
\"Uf Safety Razors and refuse to
use rmy othr-r kind. No stropping or
honinp r«*jtiire<J. Price #;» <>O
THE STAB SAFETY is a cbnven-
l<r.t nnd *»xcolletit Razor, also. Price
r^uced from $2.00 to jfcl *»fj
STAHB/.ED RAZOB.S — Good ones,
as low x» Sl.OO.
yOCKTT KNIVES — At various
prices, in sr^at variety of hJ^h-grade
mak' k. styles and shapes. Some cx-
C'll^nt orc.rs as low as £1.OO.
EAZOE STEOPS that you can de-
l»ond cm. ZZi*.' up.
2 bars U'illlams' Shaving Soap
ir»e.
Razors ground and honed. Honing,
Mnil Orders Filled Promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. \V. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 KASXTT 8TZU3ET. Oup. Tilth,
SAN FRANCISCO.
• ¦ ADVERTISK3IEXTS. '...---- '•---..
Freei Freei
Extraordinary Offer
TO '
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
. ... To make thdr
Holiday Purchases in the Month of November
Free*;?/: f)fl fWuie . $7 Qh worth of goods r-
vito 3>£OJJyJ rurctu « $/ your otq choice r rcc
Free <£ tO 00 Purchase . $3 00 " W ' Ofth ° f Vre>*
.pJLMJU r*?»*' q>O.UU your own choice rrcc
Free <tC 00 Purchase . $ t 50 W ° f th ° f g °? 6 ? Fw
with 4>;j«VU roreM5e • *pl**J\J your own choice rree
Free *2 50 P«ch*« . 75<v worth o! *<*<*? Free
with _4><*>#JV/ r r f ~^ y JC* yottr own choice -^rce
FrCC <R1 00 Purch«e. 25c worth of goods p
vJ)>«UU ™ cn **;» your own choice rrec
We want you to see our
Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
and Newest Creations
. Elite Chinaware, Limoges China, French
' China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a r Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware,
Novelties, and Dolts.
Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest*
Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected
from the Markets of the World. <.
Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
We want you to see our very reasonable prices.
We want you to come just to look.
Take advantage of this very liberal offer. * ,
CITT HERE CUT HERE
CUT OUT THIS COUPON, brie? U to any of our stores before
x December JO, 1904, and receive with each purchase as llst«d
x abova a very handsome present of your own selection. %
= SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Nov. J7 , J9O4 =
b - *. Come just to took. *
'- Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores.
wot cooo arrtw ptcinitHin. tap* ?
CUT HERK - CUT HERE
Great American Importing Tea Co.
CITT STOB£S:
861 Market «t- 913 Sutter «t. 70S LarJcla •?. 8732 24th M.
140 Sixth «t. 20C8 ruiiaore «t. 146 Wlnti st, . 2CS Third «t.
475 Haitfht »t. 356Haye»«t. 52 Market rt. 469 TourtH ct.
1819Drrliad«ro»t. 3008 Sixteenth «t. 621 Montaromery avo. S36 Tilri it.
1419 Folk rt. 3285 Mission st. 3516 Mission st.
OAX&AMV. Alh&MZDA AND BXSZELEY STOSES:
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st. Berkeley. 3141 Center st.
1185 33d a va. 616 2. 13th st. AUmeda. 1355 Faxk st.
STOSES XX OTESB CZTZE8 A5B TOWVS:
Ban Jose. 12S 8. First St. San Bernardino. 421 Third st. Lo-ix Beach. 220 Pine ave. •
Sacrarrcnto. 426 K st. Banta. Barbara; 734 State St. Merced. 40» Mall. »t.
Sacramento. WH J st. San Dl^ico. 922 Fifth st. NevadaClty.Piae stMas.bldg.
Santa Crus. 140 Pacific ave. SanLul9Oblspo.729Hicuerast. RtdianOs, IS E. Stats st.
Stocktcn. 445 E. Main st. Tulirt, Kern st.. near K. Sant» Monica. 227 Third st.
Gllroy, 13 N. Monterey st. Virginia City. 6S S. C st. S»nta Ana. 200 E. Fourth it.
Los Gatoa. East Main st. Ventura. 203 Main it. Vlsalta.216 Mafn st.
PanLeandro.SanLortnzoave. Crockett. Woodland. 5£> Main st.
Lo.«An«eIes. 423S. Broadway. Lincoln. »- WatsonvllI*. 323 Main st.
LG«Ari|c*Ie».2523Pasadena »v. Winters. B^nirt^. fi Flr«t «t.
Salt Lake. 245 Main st. Redwood City. rhico.r«wy..b«-t..Td *4th sts.
Portland. 331 Washington st. Putter Creek. CarsonCit>.Cam'n at.nr.Klnc.
Portland 223 First st. Nnpa. 5 Main St. BiiKharn City. Main st.
Seattle PCS Becond are. Petaluma, S2* Main st. Modesto. K.th st . bet. HAT.
Seattle 300 Ptke st. St. Helena, Main st. Oroville. 3f« Meyers st.
Tacoma 9S7 C st . Santa Rosa. 411 Fourth st. Provo. Academy ave.
Spokane »10 Spraru* ave. Valtejo. 339 G*or?ta at. ParkCity.Matn st.Schleldi fcr.
Otr<l*n 3A0 Twenty-flfth St. Haywards.Bjt-.bet.Malnilst. RedBluft.Maln A Oak sts.
BakerefleH 1513 10th St. San Rafael. S23 Fourth st. Salinas. 254 Main st.
Fr?»no. 1145 J st Pasadena. 19O E. Colorado st. OreRonClty.Main st.so.5th.
MarvWHe 112 T> st. Astoria, 871 Commercial st. He^.ldsiurs.
Pomona^ 402 W. Second st, Eugene. 30 E. Ninth st. Placervill*.
Reno. 10 Commercial row.- Kureka. cor. Fifth and F sts. Oc?an Vl«w.
Reddlnr 421 Market «t. Grass Valley. 56 Mill st. Callstora
Riverside. 931 Main »t. Hanford. 2O!> X. Irwln st. Sonoma.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help Yog.PRICE GOES FREE.— Oakland, Nov. 16.—
George Price, the : Alameda photographer.
charged . with having obtained money under
falte preten«e§ by giving several chattel mort
gages on 'some cameras which did not belong
to hlnv was acquitted: by a Jury thin after
noon. The verdict was brought In In accord
ance with an . Instruction from Judge Hall,
who held, after all the evidence had bean put
In -by the -prosecution, that, there was not
sufficient evidence upon which to convict him
and : ordered the . Jury .- to Cod . a - verdict ¦ of
acaulttal. - .
CRIPPLE DIES IN BATHTUB.— Oakland,
Nov. 16. — William Black, 20 year* old, a
crlpplewho played a violin on the street cor
ners, died In a bathtub to-day at the County
Infirmary. He waa a character about town.
-WILIjS FILED.— Oakland, Nov 16 —The
n«U of the late Teresa E. Howell, known lu
religion as EUter Mary Salesla of the Sacred
Heart Convent, w«» filed -for probate to-day
in which ehe leaves property In Bakersfleld'
valued at $500, to the Sisters of the Sacred
Name of Jceub and Mary. J. R. Talcott hat
asked to hi appointed administrator of thn
will of the late Lydia A. TiUeney, who leaves
an estate valued at $35C0. The eole h«lr la
Lazarus Tilliney. the husband of deceased,
who resides in Hennepln. Mian. !
RESENTS ACCUSATION.— Oakland, Nov.
16. — Kult for divorce on the ground of cru
elty vra« btfun to-day by Mr». Mary A. Ru§
sell agalnxt John Russell, a section foreman
In the employ of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. She state* tie has falaely accused her
of unfaithfulness, naming lier cousin. Flor
ney McCartney, as her companion." She also
states that he has subjected her to physical
abuse, .and she aaks for. tbe custody of their
minor children, counsel • fees and coats.
Advance in Steel and Tin.
NEW YORK, Nov. 16. — Although
lacking official confirmation, It Is re
ported that' wire products have been
advanced. $2 a ton by the larger man
ufacturers. Sheet steel had advanced
$2 a ton and tlnplate $3. '
They hate n woni-rful power of
scent, wonderful bo!dnes3. endurance
and pertinacity, and their loose, »asr
gallop covers the ground far rnort
Quickly than it appears to do They
usually hunt in considerable packs, al
though- I have sometime nr»t them
in three and fours. I havo never heard
of wild dogs actually attacktnjr a man.
but they often behave as if on the
point of doing so. and unarmed travel
ers have .been literally treed by them
before now.— Chicago News.
The wild dog of Central Africa, an
explorer writes, is common enough. He
is an ugly looking beast, with a pied
body, coarse hair, short head and lar?^
upright ears. These wild dosrs play
fearful havoc with game, occasionally
clearing out whole districts precisely
in the same manner as th? red dhole
of India, before which even the tiger
is said to retreat.
AVild Dogs of Central Africa.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— Mayor War
ren Olney to-day approved and signed
the following ordinances: Appropriat
ing $15,000 fDr the improvement of
the Harrison-street boulevard; appro
priating $5000 for the erection of a
city hospital for contagious diseases;
authorizing the Board of < Public
Works to" advertise forbids for an en
glne-houso at San Pablo avenue and
Fifty-ninth street and appropriating
$6000 for its construction; appropri
ating $1156 to pay the claim of E. B.
and A. L. Stone's assessment on Inde
pendence square for the grading of
Fourteenth avenue; authorizing .the
Board of Public Works to construct
an intercepting sewer along Third
street from Center to Peralta.
Mayor Signs Ordinances, jj
Yorde-Buller Funeral to Be Private.
OAKLAND, Nov. .16. — Funeral ser
vices of Mary Lellah. Kirkham Yarde-
Buller, who died yesterday at • the
Livermore Sanitarium after a life of
adventure and variety, will be held to
morrow from • St. John's Episcopal
Church with strictest privacy. No
announcement has been made con
cerning ;the hour of the services. In
terment will be In the Kirkham plat in
Mountain View Cemetery.
As some of President Roosevelt's
critics claim to have discovered, after
reading his letter of acceptance, that
while he Is peaceful enough now he is
preparing for war. It may be interest
ing to call their attention to the fact
that the army, so far from being in
creased, is of less strength than it was
the summer before he succeeded to the
Presidency. The actual strength of the
regular army, including the hospital
corps, the Porto Rico regiment and the
Philippine scouts, was. June 30. 1901,
2940 officers ana 78,646 enlisted men; to
tal, 81,686. At the close of the last fis
cal year. June SO, 1904, it was estimated
at 69,836. Though this is. an estimate,
it is not likely that the completed re
turns will materially change these fig
ures. For a man who Is preparing for
war the President Is following a most
peculiar method in reducing the organ
ised military force of the country.—
Boston Transcript.
Reducing the Military Force.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16. — -Truant Of
ficer Johnson has found himself in a
dilemma as a result of the vaccina
tion law, which, prevents unvaccinated
children from going to school. He re
ported to the Board of Education »last
night that the laws conflict and that
he is unable to fqree several children
into the schools because their parents
take "refuge behind the vaccination
law. The Trustees were puzzled by
the problem and referred it to the
Town Attorney for a legal opinion.
The board decided'- to close the
schools for the Christmas holidays" on
December .16 and reopen them on
Tuesday, January 3.
Director Weir reported 7 " that the
Town Trustees, had decided to include
an item for $40,000 in the bond issue
for the construction of an' addition to
the High School., - -• -•¦---, ¦
Dilemma ns Result of Laws That
Apparently Conflict.
Berkeley Man Finds Himself In
The great weakness of the conserv
ative influences in Italy- lie* In the
general poverty of the people and In
the fact that there Is almost no sub
stantial bourgeois middle class, firm
ly Joined against dangerous social or
industrial experiments. In the south
a wretched .agricultural peasantry,
with no chance to get at the soil save
as virtual serfs, stands ready to join
itself with the lazzaronl of Xaples and
other southern cities. and the discon
tented industrial proletariat of the
whole north. These elements promise
111 In case of any really general strike.
—New York Mall.
One of Italy's Weaknesses
PUZZLING '-PROBLEM' FOR
TRUANT OFFICER TO SOLVE
OAKLAND. Nov. 16. — Laurence
Campana, 17 years old, a clerk for the
Salinger Company, waH arrested to
day on a charge of stealing $100 he
had collected on delivery of C. O. D.
orders. Campana confessed.
Young Clerk Admits Theft.
OAKLAND, Nov 16.— -Many min
isters of the Unitarian church will
visit Oakland to-morrow to attend the
regular meeting of the Central Pacific
Unitarian Conference, .which will be
held at the First Unitarian Church at
Fourteenth and Custro streets. The
opening session in the mt>rnlng will be
devoted to a business meeting of the
ministers and a Sunday-school meet
ing will be held in the afternoon. In
tho evening a platform meeting will
be held at which the general topic,
"The Ministry," ' will be the theme of
discussion.
The Rev. Bradford Leavitt of San
Francisco will speak on "The Claims
and Opportunities of the Ministry."
'The Layman's ( Yiew of the Ministry"
will be presented, by Charles A. Mur
dock of San Francisco, J. M. Payson
of Berkeley and A. H. Elliott of Oak
land. "The Training of , Ministers"
will be discussed by the Rev. E. M.
Wilbur, dean of the Unitarian Theo
logical School of this city.
Unitarian Conference to Meet.
CLARKSDALE, Miss.. Nov. 16.—
The entire business district of the
town of Dublin, on the Yazoo and
Mississippi Valley Railroad, with the
exception 'of one building, was de
stroyed by fire to-day. Loss, $500,000.
Mississippi Town Destroyed.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16. — The annual
bazaar and sale of holiday goods for
the benefit of the Church of the Ad
vent in East Oakland will open next
Friday afternoon in the parlors of the
church. The fair will remain open
on Saturday afternoon, closing at It
, o'clock Saturday evening.
The afternoon of the second day
has been devoted especially to the
children.
-Those in charge of the fair and en
: tertair.ment are:
Mrs. W. S. Ooodfellow. Mrs. A. L. White,
Mrs. is. W. Cheyney, Mrs. Felix Ellis, Mr*.
II. I. Jcnes, Mrs. Alfred Uarker, Mrs. Dren
non, Mrs. It. F. Stewart, Mrs. W. L. Fake,
Mrs. Zander, Mrs. Duncan, Mrs. Frank Al
bright. Mrs. Hough. Mrs. IJlxon. Mrs. Elliot
B. Davis, Mr*. Howard Uray, Mrs. Charles
Downey.- Mrs. G. W. Rii-hardson. Mrs L.
Krazer Mrs. Percy Walker, Miss Harrold.
Mixs Florence White, Miss Marian Goodfellow
MUs Jc-an Downey, Mies May Cooran, Mlsa
Marian Ellis, Miss Elizabeth McDonald, Miss
Julia Welch, Misses Solomon. MlBtes Jordan,
Mlrses Harrold. Mlscc* Haven, Miss Grace
Nburw, Miss Grace Stalder, Miss Ethel Tom
lln. MUs Helen Huusey. Miss Ethel Kowe, Miss
Mary Fisher, Ml*» Adel« Harris, MUs Edith
i'arker. Miss Marzartt .Hatch. - -
Ladies of Church of tlie Advent Ar
range Extensive Fair and En
te'rtainmcnt.
TO HOLD AX.VUAL BAZAAR
FOR 'BENEFIT OF CHURCH
AUSTIN. Tex., Nov. 16.—Applica
tion has been filed with the Mexican
Government by "W. C. Greene, presi
dent of the Greene Consolidated Cop
per Company of New York and Can
artea, Mexico, for a concession to ex
tend the Rio Grande, Sierra Madre and
Pacific Railroad from Terrazas, Mex
ico, to the port of Agiabampo, on the
Pacific coa.st. The road will be' a di
rect competitor with the Kansas City,
Mexico and Orient through Mexico.
Greene Would Extend Line.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16. — The ladies of
the Frvitvale Guild: have arranged an
entertainment and bazaar, . which
opens to*-morrow evening at Armory
Hall and will continue -until Saturday
evening, November 19. A feature of
the bazaar will be a voting contest for
the most popular lady in F,ruitvale.
The committees- in charge of the
various booths and tables are: .
Fancy table— Mrs. Bert Fletcher, Mrs. "Wil
liam Hack«-tt, Mrs. T. Peterson. Mrs. Martin
Hauser. Plain tabl&-Mr». William Church
man, Mrs. A. M. Werum. Mrs. J. Robinson,
.Mrs. Victor Hauser. Candy— Miss Linda
Lampe, Mias . Emma Lampc, Miss Myra
Thcmpnon. Icecream— Miis *Ethel How«tt,
Mlsa Ethel Bayllss, Miss Georgia Evans.
George Steule. Lunch ana. cake, coffee and
salads — Mrs. E. Howett. Mrs. P. Frederickson,
Mrs. A. N. Frost, Mrs. II. .<:. VeliK^H, Mrs.
Weir, Mrs. C. C. Uaker. Mm M. K. Broadway.
Side show — Mr. Se*ly and Harry- Fletcher. Art
gallery— Herliert Hausor. ; '
The affair is under the direction of
Miss Annie Finkenstedt; . • . . ' .
Sale of Fancy Articles Opens at
Armory Hall This Evening, to
Continnu:Tliree Dnys.
There is a form of self-advertisement
which proves even more pointedly than
commercial advertisement the wonder
ful potency of assertion. It is some
thing far subtler than what we have
been discussing and appeals to a imail
er and more select public In. this case
the deception goes further, hut It. Is
necessary to. obtain the full effect that
a person who makes the assertion
should himself believe in its .truth. Tb«
power to deceive with wh4ch the self
deceived are often endowed is remark
able. .' . «
By countless assertions a stupid man
can convince himself. This is why. un- %
receptive. people become so plg-b.ead.ed
and prejudiced as they get older.—Spec
tator.
There Is nothing: more extraordinary
than the effect "produced by relteratfon
upon the public mind. Almost any non
sense makes an Impression "if only it
is repeated often enough in print. The
fortunes r.:ade by soaps, hair washes,
patent medicines, patent aids to cook
ery, etc., are witnesses to this, curious
fact. .
The Power of "Iteration.'
FRUITVALK GUILD TO GIVE •
EXTKnTAINMEXT i\\D BAZAAR
OAKLAND, Nov. 16. — The Mer
chants' Exuhanse has appointed a
committee to attend the next session
of the Legislature to try to have a
law made for the division of Alameda
County into two counties. The Dili
provides not only for a division of
Alamcda County, but embodies a rad
ical change in the present procedure
of. dividing: counties.
The bill provides that upon the
presentation of a petition signed by
25 per cent of the voters of any coun
ty to the Board of Supervisors the
board must call an election and If the
proposition to divide receives the sup
port of a two-thirds majority of the
registered voters the division is com
plete without any further 'action by
the Legislature. -V
Merchants"* Exchange Appoints Com
mittee to Attend Next Session
of State Legislature.
PRESENT- BILL FOK' v
DIVISION' OF COUNTY
Samuel M. Evans, a prominent member
of the junior clars. was called to Modesto yes
terday by the death of his sister. '
EERKF.LET. Kov. 16. — The sophomore
class of the university ha» decided to give a
play, j probably a burlesque, at the Macdon
oagh Theater In Oakland, Instead of a min
strel show, as originally planned. The play
ijp'to he written by a member of the class and
will be produced Vn February of next* year. .
L. E. Chapman, "07, has-been elected yeil
leader for the sophomore clasa at Its . annual
debate with the freshman class next Friday
nfght in StH.fR Hall. Fred Barth«Is, "08, will
act tn a, similar capacity for the freshmen.
The question td be debated Is: "Resolved.
That the Stato compulsory vaccination law
should be repealed." The "sophomore9 will
be represented by N, A. Eisner, D. J. Whit
ney, M. A. Derham and F. A. Buckingham,
and the freshmen by F. A. Whitney, M. E.
Harrison, H. A. White and Jesse Robinson.
Professor H. Morse Stephens has decided
that instead of giving two more examinations
In his lecture course of hrstory there will be
only one, on December »5 and 7.
The second and last wnlor a?«embly of the
remester is to be held Friday night at Hearst
Hall.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
On Friday evening. November 2.1. the Oak
land Club will give an evening affair. 4 musl
calo for members and their ¦ escorts, and aa
Madame Carollorna and Madame Eugene Bar
kor-Mills are to give the programme a treat
Is In store. Mrs. E.'I. Bartholomew is chair
man cf tha programme committee for that
evening. . . ¦ _, '
Mrs. William I.yndham Shlels ts "at home"
to-morrow, and for Friday Mrs. A. r. Cray ton
baa sent out cards for an Informal tea.
The hou«H was elaboralery <lecorated. yellow
prcdpmlruitln.tr In one roorn. red In another and
in, the large tent where supper was served
ferns and palms lent a pleasing e fTect.
Mr. and Mrs. Lowdcn will reside In Oak
land.
' The wedding of Mies Isabelle Kendall and
Kenneth Lowden was nolemnlzcd this evening
at .the residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mr*. F. I. Kendall, on Fourteenth street. The
bride's gown wns of panne crep«s ,Ie- chine with
a skirt panel and bodlc* trimmings of duchess
and point lace. It was made en princes*?,
smocking fclvlns a >ontt corsairo effect. The
veil was held in place with tho same orange
blqsHoms that had been worn bj\ the bride's
mother. A shower of lilies of the valley and
orchids formed the bridal bouquet.
Miss Letltla Barry, the maid of honor.' -were
whlto liberty chiffon, and the six bridesmaids
were all dressed alike In pink chiffon- All car
ried maiden h«lr fern. Th« bridesmaids were
Mlt-n Myrtle* Sims. Miss Anita Oliver, Miss
Noelta de Colin. Miss Lillian Reed, 'Miss Ma
rlrn Wuloh and Miss Ruth Kales.
Little Helen Lowrlen, In white, was flower
girl and curried Cecil Bruner roaes. .
Roland Oliver attended tha groom.
The piece da resistance of the day was the
playlet written by Mrs. G«rberdlng of San
Francisco and presented by a dozen ladles of
the club, under the direction of Mrs. \V. S.
Palmer. The clever authoress wa» an honored
guest r.t the luncheon.
The skit represents a meeting of the Vlncu
lum Club directors, very much agitated over a
reoolutlon of one of Its members, Miss Brown,
denouncing the act ot a candidate for Mayor In
dismissing all women In hts employ. The reso
lution ras given the club much unpleasant
newspaper notoriety, which, after all, proves
to bo the proverbial 111 wind. While the mem
ber«j are dUcuMlnj; the resolution, pro and con.
with convincing feminine logic, word come*
that the candidate has rescinded the order for
dlsmii-Mil and begs the clubs to withdraw their
opposition to his candidacy.
Mrs. Ed Henderson ably took the part of
Mrs. 'Robblnd, president of thfe Vlnculurn Club,
and Mr?. Henry Abraharason quite; held her
own as MIks Drown, the disturbing 'member.
The ntner ladles In the cast were all good and
nhould be congratulated on the fact that every
word they uttered -ould be heard. The other
directors were! Mrs. Tafbox, Mrs. Broad well;
Mrs. Gore, Mrs. Koenlg; Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Grand
jean; Mru. Roo. Mrs. d« Leon; Mrs. Do«, Mrs.
KUich; Miss Smith, Miss Lily Swales; Mrs.
Jones. Mrs. J. J. Allen; Mrs. Steal*. Mrs. Mel
ville Tobrlntr.
Hut that la net telling how beautiful the
decorations were to-day or who 'participated In
this pleasant uftalr. High bouquets of shaggy
yollow chrysanthemums dotted the long tables
and compound the centerpiece of the big round
table at which were seated the honored guests.
Soft folds of yellgw silk formed, golden billows
around the central base of the round table,
autumn leaves and rtch-hued gladioli falling
on the siik In pleasing contrast. Smllax and
palms gave a delightfully cozy appearance to
the small stage.
Mrs. Clarence Lancaster elicited many com
plimentary remarks by her delicious rendeiii»c
of two tones. "La Primavera." by Rotoli, and
"Love's Greeting", by -Wilson. Miss LJly
Swales, a eweet-faced girl in baby ccstum* —
a pale yellow frock, a big blue hat and baby
blue fHpji.th and half socks — was compelled to
alrrcst exhaust her repertoire of Imitation* be
fore her audience was content to let her ffo.
"Dolly's Mamma." "Any Rags" and the t>aby
song from "Wang" were (riven, and last — an/
als< best — was a recitation. "Little. Cat."
-. The breakfast last -.month was an unusually
*. nJnya-M»'i sffalr '«ntl the luncheon to-d»y was
no 'less s6. One fact tne Oakland Club ladles
seem to recognize and that is that they. must
not wtarj' »;tl «t». who have already been seat
ed an hour or *d. with pro«y papers or too
lenathy pros'animes. After, enjoying a good
menu and a few .-bright.. Interesting numbers,
guests are pleased to come vgain. which means
much lor tn? belprul cajiee o( the- club, for a»
It grows. In popularity it will increase In num
bers ar.d Its power for gtwd become mani
fold. :•
OAKLAND, Nov. 111.— It Is evident that the
Oakland Club Includes in Its membership many
women who are blessed with both artistic and
executive ability. Since the club has occupied
Um i;re*ent quarters In Maple Hall, the gifted
members ha% r e been afforded an opportunity to
expand tholr talents, with the gratifying re
sult that the club's social functions have been
brilliant succtAse* and the organisation Itself,
has made wondrous strides In feminine favor.
By Zoe CJrcen Kadcliffe.
But Hansen diffidently announced
his -lack of money. He had a check
for $115 on the American State Bank
cf Yankton, S. D.
The clergyman advanced $4 5 to land
Hansen at Denver. To-day he learned
that the check was worthless and the
swindled pastor appealed to the po
lice.
The pastor says there came to his
house on November-. 1 a young man
who gave the name of Hans Hansen, a
Norwegian. Hans told how he had
run away from his wife at Denver and
v.-as penitent. The pastor advised his
visitor to return home as quickly as
he could.
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— Unused to the
vays of the swindler, the Rev. Rasmus
Christopherson, pastor of the Danish
Baptist Church. 'Twenty-fifth avenue
and East Fourteenth street,- has been
compelled to make good his indorse
ment of a worthless check for $4 5.
The clergyman was touched by the
narrative of a strangar. y
Advances .Money on a Fal.se Check
jxiitl Reports Crime to
the Police.
IIKV. MJL CHRISTOPHERSOX
MEETS A BAD SWINDLER
AT OAKLAND CLUB
> . .
Berkeley Office San Ffrancisco Call,
214S Center Street, Nov. 16.
Amid the jeers and mock applause
of the undir-class men of the univer
sity, the seniors who take military in
struction from Captain J. T. Nance
marched according to orders into his
classroom in North Hall this after
noon. ''
Two weeks ago the same students
rebelled against Nance's requirement
that they form In line in the roadway
before the hall and march quietly into
his classroom. At that time arnob
took possession of the roadway, hoot
ing and jeering Professor W. A. Set
chell, who tried to quiet them, and
preventing any who wished to obey
Nance's order.
Captain Nance at once ordered all
suspected of complicity In the affair to
make explanations to him, or be
dropped from the class and lose their
degrees. His investigation is still in
progress. • r
The effect of the inquiry upon the
temper of the students was noticed to
day, when the time for marching Into
classroom came. The seniors formed
ir. lines, under the direction of section
monitors, and .arched into the build
ing. Sophomores and freshmen
shouted in derision, but jj the seniors
took their medicine quietly, while
Captain Nance watched the procession
from his classroom window upstairs,
smiling approval at the spectacle.
- The under-class men then dispersed,
without further demonstration.
University Men March Into
Classroom as the Captain
Had Directed They Should
The offlcers-elect of Berkeley Chapter
will be installed with all the beautiful
ceremonies gf the order at the first
meeting in December.
. Prominent Masons of Berkeley, to the
number of twenty-seven, have complet
ed the preliminary organization of a
Royal Arch chanter of Masons.' Dr.
Frank Woolsey has been made high
priest, W. J. Gompertz king, and J. E.
Kelsey scribe. These olflcers were ap
pointed 41 committee to secure aid from
the Oakland Chapter to complete the
work of organization. There being no
higher. Jodge than a blue lodge In
Berkeley it has been necessary for Ma
sons desiring to go higher in the order
to have the work done in 'Oakland or
San Francisco. This new chapter will
make such journeys unnecessary. ,
The new college Masonic society
which was organized last June at Ann
Arbor through the efforts of the Mason
ic • Association of the University of
Michigan will soon have an affiliated
branch at Berkeley. Applications have
been filed by the University of Califor
nia, and. the universities of Harvard
and Wisconsin. Stanford organized Beth
Chapter/last night, and so earned the
.distinction .of being the second chapter
of the unique college secret- society.
< Membership is purely elective, but only
master! Masons "are eligible.-- Its 1 aims
are chiefly social.' It 13 probable tnat-a
chapter-ho«*e-. wilti-be?* secured here
.when-,the society, is organized, and this
will be the headquarters of Masonry on
the university campus. -..•">
The annual banquet of the Berkeley
Chapter, Order of the Eastern Star, last
night was provided by the men of the
chapter for the women. The affair was
under the supervision of a committee of
which II. A. Berry acted as chairman.
The dinner hall was beautifully decor
ated, and there an elaborate supper
was served. A musical programme fol
lowed. Worthy Patron Roy J. Young
acted as toastmaster. A quartet, com
posed of Mis=. Woolsey, Mrs. -Waste,
Clarence Merrill and' Mr. J. Davis ren
dered several selections. Worthy JlaL
rcn.Eva M. sFcne ' resounded , to the
•toast ,"The Year Last Past" and Mrs.
.E. C. Marliave, matron-elect, to the
,toast "The Coming Year." J'. E. Kel
sey. patron-elect, replied to the toast
"Hopes .'and Anticipations for the New
Year." ,, ¦ , • . ¦¦ • ¦ -
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Nov. 16.
SENIORS OBEY
NANCE'S ORDER
The second "processus" introduced
the three Magi, who, with ingenious
tymboliKm, were represented as black,
red and white men respectively. In
Fiuh mood was one by this time that
the shift from the palpable Engllsh-
MSl of the first act to the Oriental ism
cf the second was accepted with utter
trustfulness. Splenidd pictures were
the three Eastern potentates and
biavcly suggested the poetry and ro
mance of their wonderful journey.
Ingeniously Interwoven : with their
. Undoubtedly the play's chief appeal
is to the literati, who, think this ..kind
of thing U
S . w !ecutti sirM »8« never seen.
¦Kueh ¦& S-"tarn* thinsnd »o eheen. . - •
As easily as you and I think the other.
It is possible .that Professor Gayley
has not sufficiently modernized the vo
cabulary of the play. Still, a public
that accepts its opera in Italian hur,
ii • ri^ht to cotni Itfii of a sood, old
F; too phraiso crVvo. Besic*e*-, the talc
if--dt= feu- v.< ? :\f. Jt is as und£r»:ind
'abie to-day as it was to the simple
sightseer ot Chaucer's time, to which
it belongs.
Firs-t come from behin-i. the hall
singing an ancient carol, the good
derkcnweU monks. They march
ihrouprh the audience to the eta?e, that
represents the Clerkenwell Priory. Still
Enging, they go behind the scenes and
climb to the gallery. Comes Gabriel
then. One is grateful to the Greet
players for many beautiful nictures.
Here is one of the most beautiful.
. The central curtains divide, to reveal
the figure of Gabriel, star-crowned, in
a mar.tle of wonderful blue, lilies in
band and with the exquisitely rp'titudl
face Constance ..'muley ci\i bnns to
the picture. Gabriel plays througb
pui something of the part of the Creek
chorus, foretelling and explaining the
feisty, and one knows what tfi-2 Craw
ley voice can do for that.
The tale of the thieving shepherd,
Mak, ttkes up the beginning of the
p'.vy. It is one cf the earliest examples
of English comedy, shrewdly interest
ing and naively humorous. Mak Joins
Ulv ttoree shepherds that see the star
.<jf Bethlehem. He steals one cf their
*heer». Gyll. his wife, fuaringr dis
covery, puts the wether in the cradle,
pretending it is a new-born child The
lhr»:e sbcrherds come. The groans of
Gyll and the rrote?tations of Mak de
ceive the "herds." They go. But one,
out of pity for the poverty of the
'corr-le. proposes to !eav<: gifts for the
child with a kis«. The wether is dis
cevtred ami Mak is tossed in a' blanket
for his sir.s. The whole story, told in
vigorous and terse English, is of
strong historic value and in itself es
sentially dramatic. Mr. Greet was a
highly humorous figure as Mak and
the other shepherds were alsq admir
ably undertaken by their unlabeted ex
•pcnentR. -r- \
As every one kn<ivvs, the play was
written— or rather compiled — by Profes
sor Charles Mills Gayley, from a num
ber cf old English miracle plays. Ben
Or*-ct and his company of English play
ot>\ for whom the compilation was
made, produced it yesterday afternoon
for the first time here. Boston, how
ever, saw the first production, Mr.
Oreet having given the play there in
September. For his chief material Pro
fessor (Jayley has gone to the Towneley
plays, in chjef the "Secunda Pastorum"
dnd the "Offering of the Magi." The
York, Chester and Coventry cycles have
als<> been drawn upon, and several
original scenes, mo5t cteverly charac
tered, have also I5<ien adSed by the
dramatist. Song? of the period add a
further interest, and the quaint, rhym
ing measure a further charm.
A rroudly set turbaned head, a face
of ebony lifted toward the evening star,
a figure, kingly fashioned and garbed
in strange and gorgeous Eastern gar
ments, dark against an Oriental sunset,
was my last picture of the "The Star
of Bethlehem." It was difficult to be
lieve oneself in Berkelev. in the uni
versity grounds, in the twentieth cen
tury, in yesterday afternoon in fact,
end one of a crowd that had just seen
the play in the Harmon Gymnasium.
The figure belonged to the player of
JaFper, one of the three kings that
brought gifts to the infant Jesus. He
had walked out of the play into the
University <;f California grounds, and
not he, royally striding along with his
cilent attendant at his heels, looked out
cf the picture, but 'the prosaic rest
of us. One felt there should have been
camels and a caravan, instead of elec
tric cars at the corner, and — but one
might just as well "pay at once that
•The Star of Bethlehem" has atmos
rhtre. an atmosphere that reaches over
where the footlights should be to the
t&Tthttt corner of the theater, and lasts
for at least five minutes outside of it.
So persuasive is the quaint mediaeval
ism of the thing that for the time one
etands reverent ami agape, like those
that ptood '*y Clerkenwell Priory
watching these plays some seven or
eight ceniuri<»s ago.
scene Is the appearanco of Herod's
messenger, ivho overhears their story.
The next scene shows Herold himself,
surrounded by soothsayers prophesy
ing the birth of the new King. One is
sorry to see so % little of him. so admir
ably is the tyrant portrayed by John
Sayer Crawley.
I had not thought to see anything
more naively funny than the "Dante"
hell that the St. Ignatians evolved a
v.eek or two agro. But there is a fun
nier inferno here. Herod summons
the devils to help him — little red ones
that remind Of the deviled ham 'pic
tures — arid there is a dragon that de
lights oven more. Grau's isn't in it.
Yet one accepts the trustful beast
without reserve!
The last scene concerns itrelf with
tlje nativity. Here again is a picture
and climax of singular and touching
beauty, exquisitely reverent and im
pressive. •¦ The curtains — the.se, of
course, at the back of the stage — open
to show the Madonna, l?aning over a
iradle from which comes the light
that illumines the scene. By her side
me Joseph, Gabriel, the maid Ancilla
and In the front the Magi rind the
shepherds, who in turn "offer gifts.
One would have preferred — the illu
sion was a little destroyed thereby —
that the Madonna had not spoken.
Better, too, would it have been dra
matically to shorten the speeches of
both shepherds and Mi'gi. But the
feeling was delightfully preserved
throughout. The highest praise is due
the acting here — so little did it seem
acting, and one i3 grateful for one of
the unforgettable pictures of one's ex
perience. Altogether "The Star of
Bethlehem" is of the thing? that may
not be missed: It comes here the
week after next.
Milo S. and Jannl* C. Taker (wif«Kta Frank
Brlcker. !ot en E line of 'Henry street. 120 3
of Duraat. S 120 by E 135. lot 8, ¦ block- l.'t.
prc-perty Berkeley Villa Association. Berkelev:
$10.
John W. and Sallle H. Richards to Charles
R Greenleaf. lot on W line 1 of Piedmont ave
nue. 130.82 S of Durant avenue. W 145.07"to
point 130 N from N line of Cha.mlnc. way.
S 50. E 132.35. N 50.52. block D, map portion
Berkeley property. Derfceley; $10.
Realty Syndicate to Dwlght Hutchlnv>n
fsingle). lots 23. 2t and NW 10 feet lot 32.
block C map Sath^r. Tract.' Oakland Town
ship; flO. '•-
Otto Waaland tn Krr.U J.. and .Ua;i» .r
¦\Veber (wife), lrt on W Iln* of Sixth street.
net) N of Bristol. N S3 3>y- W« 13t. porttoft .|^t
li». block 75, tract E. Berkeley I* and T. . I.
Association. Berkeley; $10. • ' ' •'
Piedmont Building Association to Lena r.
Nicholson (wife of W. E.), lot 24. block K.
map Central Piedmont Tract. Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Frances C Myers (wife of Francis D.) t-<
Sophie It. h'tandlsh (wife ot Miles), lot nn
NE line of Montecito avenue. ICO SE of In
tersection with SE line of right of W2y nf
Piedmont CaWe Company. SE 100 by NE 20*>.
p>)rtton plat **. suBdlvlslon map Bowman Tract'
Oakland Township: $10.
J. S. and Clara Myers (wife) to O. W
Slater, lot 11. block E. map Bella Vista Park,
Kast Oakland; (\0.
Catherine Hyde (widow)- to Margaret Hyda
(single), lot on >f line of Thirty-fifth street.
2TJ2:11 W of- West. W S3:4 by N 120:3. Oak
land; $10. • .
Same to Maurice J. Hyde, lot oa' N Una
of Thirty-fifth street* iet>:3 W of West. W
23 by M li'i»:3. Oakland; $10.
John W. Gaunt (widower) to William P.
Mauzy. lot beginning at point 10O SW from
S\V ccrner of, Durant and Broadway (marked
by a stake), said point being! mark of divid
ing line between lota 3 and 4. block A. NE
25. W 181:3. S 23:11. E 174:3. being S 25
feet of lot 4. block A, Fountain place, Oak
land; $10. i
Edward J. Mealy to Andre* Dtlucchl and V.
O. Cassazza, lot on NW corner of Fifteenth
ancJ Pera!ta streets. N 62:8 by W 110, Iot3
:;T an,l 3X. block 727-A, map subdivision po-
tlon blocks 72S-A and 727-A and 727-B. Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $1.
Mary M»aly -to same. same. Oakland, quit
claim deed: SI.
Patrick Malley et al. to same, same, Oak
land: %H).
Sarah A. McKee (widow) by S. B. McKe«.
attorney, to George W. Armitage, lot 23. block
7. map of Santa Fe Tract No. 8. deed and
agreement. Oakland; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Realty Syndi
cate, lot li, block D, and lot 37. block G.
Thermal " Hill (formerly How* Tract), Oak
land; $10.
William and Martha Wutx to William An
nett. lot on N line of F1fty-«ighth (Maple)
street. ICO W of Canning, W 50 by N 10O, lots
V) and 3(>. block R, map retubdlvislon of por
tion Koberts and WoltskJU Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Oeory« F. Lyon to Herman Koch. lo» on :W
Um ot Division street, 100 g of Delaware.
8 35 by W loo. portion lot 13. block ft Shaw
Tract. Berkeley: *rant. •
John" and Ada M. Hinkel to Milton Ask
quith (single), lot on W line' of Orova street,
IMS N of Ashby avenue. W 122.4 by N 38.71.
E 122. S 49..TO. lot 2S and portion lot 2», block
10, map subdivision block 10. Central Park
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Cosmo* Land and Water Company to Wal
lace M. Hussey, lots 24, 25, 28 and 29. block
3^ map of property and location, Spauldlng
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John G. Agar et al. to John V. and Sarah
I. ;Whisten. lot on E line of Market street.
80 K of Thirty-first. N 40 by E 113. lot 23.
block 2CS3. n&w land 'Tract. Oakland: $io.
Puget Sound Lumber Company to Frank
and Annie btrybla. lot on \V Una of Jefferson
street. 75 S of Sixteenth. S 2$:O by W 50. por
tion of ljt.«i, block 2tit5. Caeserty Tract, on
Fourteenth street, Oakland; $10.
Margaret Br«nnan (wife of Frederick) et al.
to James Healey (single) lot on S line of
Fifth street, ii'i K of Linden. E 23 by 8 <n.
lot iS, block i»ff P. Adeline and Market streets
Homestead, Oakland;, also lot on E line or
Linden street, in S of Fifth. 8 SO by E 123.
lots 21 and 2L\ block 4Si< same. Oakland; 910.
Ann M. Snyder (.widow) to Sarah M. Cola
man t»if» of Ham.), let on TV line of West
street. 30 S of Forty-fourth. 8 50 by W 90.
lot IS. block 2008. Alden Tract at Temescal.
Oakland; |Ji>.
Alnmeda County.
WEDNESDAY. NOV. 16.
My- remarks about "fcmln'.ne curtos.ty
were made playfully and Jocosely and were
evidently talct-n so by the women to wnotn
they were addressed un<i by the men who
wtro present. My remarks on the "watering
of lectures to meet the Increasing nuir.txrs or
poorly qualifier] students who inter the UnJ
vorsky were not directed at the women. On
the contrary, they wtr<- aimed, not it. tM
women students particularly, but at the **°>a
muss of lmpencctly justified ttudents. whetner
men (- r women.
I Bin made to appear to take sides wit.i
that group in the university— chiefly am^ng
the male students, among whom there »>•*
Bonio of my CotletfTUCM — which "declares there
ai»- too many women In the university" and
that their -nurr.ritr ts Inconsistent with the at
talnment of hljch scholarly ideala."
I beg to arEine the public to whloh t feel
responsible. il'.at 1 taid no such ihing and
h«Id no *uch opinion. I do not sympathize
with that snU-coeducatlon group. i believe
that the women arc here both by right and by
law. an<l that they are not as yet exerc.slng
any perceptible <ler.re«slvc Influence on our
standards, except such /a the- lll-proparcd
among them exercise In common with the
many Ill-prepared men; and that thl* Is not
owing to their MX, but to the latltudinarian
hospitality of the university authority*, le
.••pon?lliiK to a like loose kindliness in our
general public. What I was really speaking
against was this too compliant, letting down of
our entrance conditions, especially the Increas
ing omission from these of the materials for
the culture an'l leftnement of Judgment sup
plied by clun-irn! studies and the preparatory
study of \he two exact sciences, mathematics
ano physics.
When I said. "Some of U9 think that the
womi-n are coming to the university in t>:o
(treat numbcre," I um»d the phrase "some of
us." not to Include myself in the list, fcut in
the common way of mllri politeness to indi
cate without a tone of dlstane* samt of my
colleagues — few in number, as I am happy
to believe. I had no suspicion . that It wouM
be taken to slpnify that their opinion and
feeling In the matter were mine.
Professor H. G. Howison. head of
the philosophy department of the uni
versity, has issued a statement defin
ing his views on coeducation In or
der to corect what he declares to have
been misjudged reports of a recent
declaration in his classroom about
women students at the university.
Professor Howison's statement is as
follows: . . .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214 3 Center Street, Nov. 16.
REAL ESTATE 'TRANSACTIONS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
101't Broadway, Nov. 16.
With, her last breath, Laura Camp
bell accused her husband with haying
shot her last Saturday night without
provocation, and expressed hope that
he would be brought to justice. She
v.fls just 22 years of age and to-day
would have been entitled to a rinal de
cree of divorce from the . man Avho
caused her death. The victim died at
the Keoeivinj; Ilospitul at 8:20 oVlock
this morning as the result of a pistol
wound inr.icteil by Lemuel Campbell,
a young butcher.: from whom she sued
for divorce a year ago.. . . -. *
The scer.-j nt the bedside of the youm?
woman was pathetic. Her ased lather
and mother had been summoned and
were heartbroken at (he untimely end
of their only child. District Attorney
Allen was thero_ with Court Reporter
Hugeue Van Court and she told them
that while eh<v was perfotming an act
of kindness in helping/ her husband on
with his^ overcoat he took a pistol out
uf his pocket and shot her. After the
first shot she started to run back into
the house and Jie fired again.. When
ehf got this far in her statement she
fell back. dead. .Shortly afterward
Lemuel, Campbell, who has been, de
tained at the Olty.'.Priaon awaiting tho
outcome of the injuries, was charged
with murder.
The victim of Campbell's brutality
was a pretty blonde. Campbell drank to
such nn extent and abused her so much
that sho was forced to leave him. She
sued for a divorce anil was granted a
decree on November ]6, 1903, and to
day a. final judgment was to have been
made in the ease.
Last Saturday night Campbell went
to the house of Edwin Cutler, 1362
Eleventh street, father of his victim.
As an excuse fcr calling he. took a
dress-suit case .to his wife which she
hud Mot taken from their home. They
talked over some of their differences
in the parlor in the presence of Edwin
Cutler and his wife, and finally Camp
bell becoming somewhat abusive was
ordered to leave the house by Cutler.
He was accompanied to the door by
his wife. wher> he pressed a pistol to
her side and tired.
In a statement made to the police by
the prisoner after his arrest he said
that he wentto the Cutler home in an
swer to a; request for him to come there
from Mrs. Garrmriell. He said that-she
told him she had a pistol and that she
was hot afraid of him, and that he only
fired wh-n he believed she was about
to kill him. His story was flatly con
tradictor"! by his wife. '">'*¦
Campbell has retained Attorney A; L*
Frick to defend him. • ' ••• " •
She Contradicts Defense
Offered by Prisoner and
Says Shooting Was Wanton
PAimXGTON.
CY BLANCHE
College Secret Society to
Be Formed by Men of
the Order at University
Quaintness of Medievalism Delights
Philosopher Howison Angry Over Reports
That He Declared Otherwise.
NEW KOYAL ARCH LODGE
DICTATES A STATEMENT
"Star of Bethlehem" Stirs a
Great Audience.
Annual Banquet Tendered
Ladies of Eastern 'Star
by Men of the' Chapter
PROFESSOR AVERS
HE FAVORS WOMEN
With Her Last Breath Young
Wife Accuses Husband of
Having Caused Her Death
NOT AGAINST "CO-EDS"
MASONS FEAST
A T BERKELEY
MRS. CAMPBELL
DIES OF WOUND
GREET IS PLEASING IN
GAYLEY'S PLAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
The Berlin Tagreblatt^ resents the
statement made by an American com
mercial Journal that haggling la still
the custom in German stores. So far as
Berlin is concerned. It says that there
is scarcely a ¦ respectable store in the
city which has not fixed prices.
SAW KNOPF KISS HIS WIFE.— Oakland
Nov. 16. — The hearing: of the Van Harn di
vorc« cane was continued to-day, : Ross Van
Horn, the plaintiff, occupying the witness
¦land the entire day and betas subjected to
a eevere ' cro«9-eiaml nation. The 'worst he
was able to say about hla wife was that,
through holes he had bored with his pencil
In some portieres, , he had seen Adolph Knopf
klta her.
A bill has been Introduced . in tha
New York Legislature -looking tOfward
the removal of all hedge fences- along
railway tracks, on/ the ground Uhat
such fences do a considerable' Amount
of harm by, banking up snow, 'while rho
practical good is derived from them.'
OAKLAND, Nov. 1«. — A ladies'
auxiliary of the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians has been established In Ala
meda County .'and the charter will be
formally opened on Wednesday even
ing; November 23, at California Hall
on Eleventh and Clay street*.
Will Organize Ladies' 'Auxiliary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland, Nor
1G. — The -folio wipe marrlago licences were l»
nu«d by th« County Clerk to-day: John A.
Vera. 22, and Mary E. Dowd. 20. both of
Berkeley: Chart** A. Myers, over 21, San Ra
fael, and Margaret F. Kent, over 13. Oak-
Und; Manuel F. Llal, 43, Centervli[«, and
Anna V. de AnJrade. "f>, Mlsvlon San Jose-
Horace Hlnman. 21. and Flora Moseley. 17*
both of Oakland; Joseph Lagomarcino. 24 and
Al«tha Blackmon, 1*. both of Santa Rosa-
Horace R. HuJe. over 21. and Harriet F.
Bush, over 19. both of Oakland: Harry Ba
den, 20, and Caroline Clausen. IT, both of
Alamtda.
6
See Small Ad Page for Further
: Particulars. • v
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every Small Ad in
• Sunday Call.: ' : Vvt
-A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW. FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
Flour on ; the Market. ¦
FREE FREE FREE
\WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ADVEltTLSEMENTS.
Jf
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort- and
Pears' soap cleanliness —
perfect cleanliness arid
comfort. .r'-.Z-'-.fi-j :
Sold all over the Vorld. ' •
AJLAMEDA. '
1435 Park Street.
Telephone AJuiueda 559.
OAKLAND.
JOIC Broadway.
Telephone Main 10SS.
J BERKELEY.
2 US Center Street.
Telephone North 7".
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL L\
ALAMEDA COUNTYMetcalf Returns to Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16. — Secre
tary Metcalf of the department of
Commerce and Labor returned to
Washington to-day from Oakland,
Cal., where he went to vote. He was
accompanied by Mrs. Metcalf, who
will pass the winter here. '':"'
Sny Increase of Minimum Weight in
Carload Lots 'of Canned and Dried
Fruits Is Unfair.
The recent advance by the Western
transportation lines of the minimum
in carload weights for eastbound dried
and canned fruits from 30,000 to 40,
000 pounds has raised a protest
among a number of the California
shippers. They are now circulating
a petition for signatures, asking that
the old weight -be restored on tha
ground that the advance is unfair.
The reason assigned for the advance
is that the railroad companies desire
to relieve the present congested condi
tion and shortage of cars, but the con
tention is openly made by the smaller
shippers that the advance was reaJly
effected for the benefit of a few large
concerns. , It is held by the shippers
that the raising of the minimum
weight seripusly handicaps Eastern
buyers In their purchases, for It
means that they will have to buy
more than they can really handle, es
pecially in small towns," where 30,000
pounds of canned goods, Is about all
the consumption demands.
CALIFORNIA SHIPPERS
OPPOSED TO AN* ADVANCE
. Justice of the Peace Lawson yester
day gave Judgment for $224 'in favor
of Claus Simberg, who sued L. Loss,
a Clay-street saloon-keeper, for dam
ages. .The testimony showed that the
plaintiff asked Loss for a glass of gin
arid the latter, for «. practical joke,
gave him amiAonia, which burned
Simberg's mouth and tongue.
Drank Ammonia for Gin.
Poker Chips Figure in Court.
Justice of the Peace Golden yester
day gave judgment against M. Wein
bcrg. who sued Ben Levy, a barber,
for $25. Levy purchased poker dhips
to that amount in the gambling place
of the California Social Club, of which
Welnberg is manager, at 118 Eddy
street. Levy lost all. the chips in the
game, but failed to produce the money
for the same. Weinberg had to make
Levy's losses good to the other play
ers, but the case was thrown out of
court by Judge Golden because it was
based on a gambling proposition not
recognized by the law.
Drunken Mother's Cruelty.
Mrs. Josephine McMenimen's four
months-old babe was perishing of in
nutrition when the police found it at
her residence, 118% Langton street, and
burried it to a hospital, where its death
is considered almost a certainty. And
as the child starved the mother was
stupidly drunk. When the woman was
arraigned before Judge Mogan she had
nothing to say and to-day she will be
sentenced for cruelty to a minor child.
Her husband is a laborer, and the Hu
mane Society folk say he is a sober and
industrious man.
" Brother Sues Brother.
Edward C. Ellinghouse, as special
administrator of the estate of his
mother Bertha Ellinghouse, who died
February 14, 1903, yesterday,
through his attorney, Samuel Short
ridge, sued his brother, Oscar Elling
house. to set aside the conveyance of
property by the mother to the son
before her death. Two lots in South
San Francisco, $840 cash and twenty
shares of building and loan stock are
involved. Edward contends that his
mother was "weak mentally and was
absolutely under v the dominion of Os
car, who poisoned her mind against
his brdth*r and sister. Mary Stone.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 16.— Acting Governor
Alden Anderson to-day designated Superior
Judge J. M Sea well of San Francisco to sit
at nakersfleld in the trial of the suit of Miller
& Lux against the A. Brown Company.
her lips. The touch sent a chill to her
heart. It was as of Ice. Frantically
she hurried into a drugstore at Seventh
s.nd Folsom streets and begged the
clerk to do something for the little one.
He told her that he could not help her.
The terrified mother finally reached
the home of her sister, Mrs. Salvatori,
at 1155 Folsom street, where she stag
gered Into the house crying, "Baby is
sick." Mrs. Salvatori took the little
bundle of humanity into her arms.
"Why. the child is dead!" she cried-
The mother had been for several hours
holding a dead baby to. her breast.
The little one was taken to the
Morgue, where it was determined that
death resulted from exposure. The
mother was arrested and placed on the
detinue book, pending the result of a
Coroner's inquest. Detective Coleman,
who was detailed on the case, shortly
afterward arrested the father, George
Ayer. Investigations made by the de
tective show that both parents were
addicted to the use of liquor. The
father was sleeping in a stable while
his wife was walking the streets with
the dead baby in her arms.
Mrs. Hicks, the landlady of the lodg
ing-house at ZZV.i Sixth street, says
that Mrs. Ayer was not forced out, but
became abusive and left.
While Mrs. Anastasia Ayer wandered
airr.lessly about the streets Tuesday
right and yesterday morning her four
monthg-uld boy baby died in her arms.
Mother and child, it is claimed, had
been ejected from their lodgings at
3"1»4 Sixth street for non-payment of
rent. The landlady, Mrs. Hicks, claims
that at the time of the eviction Mrs.
Ayer was under the influence of liquor.
With her infant in her arms the
mother started out upon the streets.
The little fellow was laughing and coo
ing cheerfully in the pleasant sunlight.
Ae night drew near the baby began to
grow restless, but the mother tried to
soothe him She walked aimlessly
about, not knowing where to go. She
could not return to her lodgings," for
the furniture had been thrown from her
room and the place was locked. She
did not know where to find her hus
band, George Ayer. She had not seen
him for several days.
Gay crowds passed and repassed the
¦uistful young mother. The cold night
air chilled the little one's tender flesh
and 5t awakened crying pitifully. She
sat down in a doorway, but as passers
by noticed her she clutched the infant
ck>ser lo her breast and resumed her
weary tramp. .
Bewildered and hungry, the woman
«ays she walked on and on. The air
prew colder and little Lawrence, the
baby, walled fretfully. Mrs. Ayer took
one of Its tiny hands and pressed it to
HOMEI.KSS VOI'NG WOMAN WHOSE FOl'R-MOXTH-OLD BABY DIED IN HER
ARMS AS SHE WANDERED ABOUT THE STREETS TUESDAY NIGHT
SKHKING IN VAIN FOR SHELTER.
Indian Lad Kills Schoolmate.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 16. — In a row
among pupils at the Indian school at
Banning Charles Colby was hit on the
head with a pistorand-he in return
shot and killed Tom Bucanoroa and
wounded Fred Smith. Smith prob
ably will die. All are young Indians.
Colby was brought here and lodged In
the County Jail, charged with murder.
Masons to Celebrate an Anniversary.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 16. — The Ma
sonic Veteran "Association of the Pa
cific Coast has decided to hold its
twenty-seventh annual session in
Portland during the Lewis and Clark
Exposition. The date set for the meet
ing Is September 11. which is the date
the first Masonic lodge on the Pacific
Coast was organized at Oregon City
In 1848. It is expected that there will
be a large attendance of Masons from
all -over the Pacific Coast to join in
celebrating the important anniversary.
Four -able-bodied men experienced
such difficulty in r/talning their seats
upon the prostrate figure of Samuel
Mercer, carpenter, that they cordially
welcomed the aid assured them by the
arrival of Patrolman McHugh. Even
then Mr. Mercer's complete subjugation
was not accomplished without strenu
ous effort by the quintet.
The struggle occurred upon the side
walk fronting the Mercer residence, 85
California avenue, Bernal Heights, and
Its cause was Mr! Mercer's endeavor to
fulfill a threat to slay his wife. The
woman's screams attracted neighbors,
and the 'four able-bodied men herein
before alluded to cast themselves upon
the would-be assassin and succeeded in
bearing him to earth, but their ability
to hold him down was problematical
when the bluecoated reinforcement ap
peared. Of rather slender build, the
man was a marvel of muscular
strength. One of the conquerors lik
ened him unto "a bundle of steel
springs."
When the case was called before
Judge Mogan the policeman testified
that in the defendant's dwelling he
found six fully-loaded shooting irons,
and the wife averred that he had In
tended to use the weapons in his work
of extermination. This the defendant
denied, claiming that he kept the
armory merely on acount of its value
from the viewpoint of an antiquarian.
An ancient-appearing shotgun, with
flint and steel attachment, was most
highly prized by him, he said, because
it had directly descended from his
great-grandfather, who riddled many a
Tory soldier with Its contents during
the revolutionary war. A more mod
ern rifle of Winchester pattern was also
coddled because it was the sole
relic of an indulgent father's once-vast
estate. An old-fashioned Smith & Wes
son revolver was new when the defend
ant was a boy, and It had been treas
ured by him ever since. Another pistol,
although neither an heirloom nor a
souvenir of a happy childhood, was
among his cherished possessions be
cause it reminded him that feminine
honesty is not a myth. Inasmuch as it
had been given by an impecunious lady
for whom he had paid a milk bill. His
possession of the two remaining pistols
could not logically be accounted for on
either sentimental or practical grounds,
as they looked ugly and were of cheap
manufacture.
Case continued till to-morrow.
A race war that originated in. Pinck
ney dace has slopped over into Hinck
ley alley, and police reports are to the
effect that it threatens to spread to
other points of the Barbary Coast. The
belligerents are Mexicans and Porto
Ricans, and. the casualties thus far re
corded are:
Marie Pinto, Porto Rican— Right in
dex finger almost amputated by teeth
of Juana Besang, Mexican.
Theo Bustamento, Porto Rican—
Nether lip perforated by. knife wielded
by Lorenzo Andrino, Mexican.
Justina Rodriguez, Porto Rican— Left
hand severely cut by knife in hand of
Manuel Alvarez, Mexican.
In each of the above cases an arrest
was made, but several cutters and
slashers are at large and pursued by
the police. It is significant that the
three injured ones are Porto Ricans. An
invasion of Plnckney place by natives
of Uncle Sam's new possessions in the
Atlantic and a threatening ousting of
the Mexicans therefrom was the basic
cause of a fray that has grown to such
alarming proportions that sanguinary
skirmishes are of almost daily occur
rence. The Mexicans taunt the Porto
Ricans with having relinquished their
national independence, and the Porto
Ricans retort by expressing pride in
their new allegiance and contemptu
ously alluding to the Mexicans as "'alien
peons." As every male Porto Rican
and Mexican carries a knife fashioned
and intended for stabbing, and as every
woman of either race is prone to use
her teeth when engaged In warfare, the
outlook for surgical and police work Is
encouraging.
• • •
Edward T. Wheatley, charged with
hating stolen $325 from Mrs. Elsie Hll
flsch whfcle serving as her bartender
at 249 Ste'venson street, was sent to the
Superior Court, with ball fixed at $1000,
by Judge Cabaniss.
Miss Dollie Martin, whose debut as a
danseuse on Pacific street was quickly
followed by her first appearance as a
defendant In the Police Court, giggled
nervously when Judge Fritz remarked
that her second arrest for drunkenness
would result in her incarceration for
at least thirty days.
"I really can't help laughing, Judge,"
she chuckled, "although it means no
disrespect, to you. I drank absinthe
last night and It has kept me laugh
ing ever since. No more of it in mine,
you can bet yours." vv/, .
And she fairly jeljled with merriment
as Bhe walked away.
Half a dozen putative dentists— H.
E. Bock, Robert Dunn, J. C. Perry, C.
H. Whitely, A. J. Brackenrldge and M.
H. Shord — were accused of practicing
without licenses and each of them de
manded a separate jury trial. Judge
Cabaniss took the applications under
advisement.
Mary Fagan, a former school teacher.
who was accused of disturbing, the
peace of the Hotel' Annapolis, at Bush
and Stockton streets, last Tuesday
evening, whlled away, her time In Judge
Mogan's court by ... reading "Weavers
and Weft," by Miss M. E. Braddon, and
so interested did she. become in the tale
that her name was 'thrice called ere
she responded. Then she turned down
a leaf corner and handed I the volume
to 'Bailiff Hickey with a request that
he hold it If or. her. — -
.It was to visit her sister,' housekeeper
at the Annapolis, that she went to that
hostelry, she told the Judge, and If she
accosted perfect strangers with demand
for monetary loans and abused those
who declined to contribute she had no
recollection of doing so. Had she been
drinking? Well, she admired the im
pudence of any one who dared ask her
such a question as that.
After the Judge had pronounced her
guilty she returned to the mourners'
bench, resumed perusal of "Weavers
and Weft" and smiled and sighed with
the heroine thereof until the Hickey
finger wagged her Jallward.
Adolf Cassasso, accused of fast driv
ing at Fourth and Market streets,
asked Judge Fritz if he had ever seen
an ice wagon exceed the regulation
speed limit. When the Judge, after due
reflection, answered in the negative
and added that he had always regard
ed an ice wagon jj as a synonym for
vehicular slowness.'Signor Cassasso de
clared that at the time of his arrest
an ice wagon was directly ahead of his
horse. His Honor glanced reprovingly
at the complaining policeman and was
evidently on the verge of dismissing
the case when the Prosecuting Attor
ney suddenly whispered to the officer
and then as suddenly asked the de
fendant:
"The wagon ahead of you— was it
laden with ice or was it merely a nice—
n-i-c-e, nice — wagon?"
Then came the disclosure that the
vehicle in question was owned ,by a
furniture-moving firm and that its gor
geously decorated exterior led Mr. Cas
sasso to describe it as a nice wagon.
Prosecution triumphant. Sentence to
day.
"And it Is such an old pun," sighed
his Honor.
Mrs. Grace Squires, defendant on
half a dozen distinct charges of theft,
calmly sat in Judge Cabaniss' court
and heard Mrs. Verlie Campbell of
123 Turk street and Peter Hoy of
1105 Laguna street testify against her.
She was caught in the act of rummag
ing Mrs. Campbell's trunk "during that
lady's absence from her apartment,
and in her purse were found a dia
mond ring, a marquise ring, a dia
mond stickpin and a golden horse
shoe set with pearls, all of which
were identified by: Mr. Hoy as prop
erty stolen from his residence. The
defendant's attorney- asked for time
to make ud his mind as to whether
he will offer at the preliminary hear
ing a defense or allow the cases to
go to the Superior Court, and the
Judge granted a continuance till this
morning.
Sidney Danby, accused of felony
embezzlement, was remanded to the
Superior Court by Judge Mogan, with
bail set at $500. John Morris, presi
dent of the Danby Company, Lim
ited, alleged that while acting as
cashier of that corporation the de
fendant received x and failed to ac
count for a salary warrant for $76
deposited by John Donaldson, a pos
tal clerk.
Judge Mogan issued a, warrant
charging Charles Boyd, keeper of an
inn on the. San Bruno road, with ex
tortion. Boyd had two boys, J. F.
Beneke and Willie Sage, arrested and
accused of driving away a horse and
cart which were found about two
blocks from where he had' left them,
but the lads claimed that the horse
was wandering when they met and
stopped him, and as no regular com
plaint -had been filed the case was
dismissed. Then it came to the ears
of the Judge that Boyd had obtained
a $50 ball receipt and $30 cash from
Beneke by threatening to prosecute
him for horse stealing, and when
taxed with the' act Boyd confessed it,
but claimed that the S80 was due him
for damages sustained by his -horse
and cart at the hands of Beneke and
Sage. After Investigating that claim
the Judge pronounced it unjust, in
structing his clerk to refuse payment
on the ball receipt and also advised
Boyd to refund the $30 'cash he had
taken from the boy. Boyd declined
to do so and the extortion charge was
entered. It will he heard to-day.
Emanuel SImoni, peddler of plaster
of paris statuettes, opined that he
could not be compelled to pay license
Inasmuch- as he manufactured the
goods he hawked. While the . un
looked-for ?lea was under considera
tion by Judge Mpgan the peddler in
troduced for nis inspection minia
ture presentments in plaster j of Na
poleon Bonaparte, George Washing
ton, Sitting Bull. Abraham Lincoln
and Buffalo Bill," to say nothing of
images of various animals. His
Honor is still considering.
Twenty Porto Rlcans who spent an
unprofitable season in Alaska working
for the Nsfknek Packing Company were
In Judge Graham's court yesterday
morning at the beginning of the trial
of their suit to recover wages. The
original suit was in behalf of thirty of
the laborers, but nineteen of them are
said to be satisfied with the payment
made by Fook Soo, the Chinese labor
contractor who hired them. A. B.
Treadwell i3 prosecuting the claims of
the ethers and, judging from
yesterday's proceedings, a compromise
is in prospect.
The hearing did not progress very
far.. After two witnesses had been ex
amined it was discovered that the
pleadings, were defective . and Judge
Treadwell asked for time to amend.
Judge Graham suggested that in the
meantime the matter should be settled
out of court, but declared that he would
do everything in his power to see that
the men got their pay t
The Chinese contractor and his fore
man, Soo Yen; were represented by L.
G. Carpenter and the Naknek Com
pany by W.' H. Hutton and Max Kuhl.
The company contends that it is ex
onerated from any liability on the la
bor contracts because It paid the
Chinaman a lump sum for the men
supplied. This Is the usual practice of
the canning companies. They arrange
to pack so many cases of salmon each
Beason and engage" their laborers In
bulk, paying the Chinese contractors all
the way from $10,000 to $50,000 a season.
In the case of Fook Soo, says Mr. Car
penter, SOO or 400 Chinese and Japanese
laborers have been paid and nineteen of
the Porto Ricans. The others have
been offered $550 for the eleven, but
want more. Treadwell asked yesterday
if the offer would be renewed, but Car
penter paid he would have to see hla
client first.
Mr. Carpenter declared informally In
court that Soo Yen, the foreman, had
been assaulted in this city by one of
the Porto Ricans and that threats had
been made against the life of Fook Soo.
He declared that the men were a bad
lot, and in Alaska would buy Chinese
gin, get drunk and refuse to work. For
this there was a penalty of 50 cents an
hour, and besides, the men are said to
have bought supplies which used up a
portion of their wages due.
Luis Yturbe, the first, witness, was
one of the employes and he said that
the Chinamen beat him cruelly, and
nearly killed him. They also placed
him in an oven. Ramon Vllanero, the
other witness, was foreman of the Porto
Ricans and responsible for their en
gagement. He' said that he met Fook
Soo on the street and was taken to the
office of L. A. Peterson, where he was
told that he would be paid {5 a head
for all the "Castllians" he could get.- He
engaged thirty-six men at $110 each,
signing the contracts himself, as in
structed bv the Chinamen. He said he
was told that Peterson would be re
sponsible for the pay. He only received
$30 on his commissions and says he
lias been paid nothing for his services
as foreman in the north.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 16.— The trial of
millionaire Bradbury was resumed to
day before Judge Lennon and a jury»
Attorney Hosmer subjected Mrs.
Hanifln to a severe cross-examination
but did not shake her testimony. He
then asked her many questions, seek
ing: to impeach her reputation.
Upon redirect examination District
Attorney Boyd showed that Mrs. Hani
fln had been a hardworking girl in the
employ of respectable families in Fruit
vale and Oakland for many years.
Edward Hanifln, her husband, testi
fied to the condition of hig wife immedi
ately atter her encounter with Brad
bury. . She was crying, he said, and In
a fainting condition. Mr. Kierulff, a
young 'attorney of San Francisco, con
ducted the cross-examination of Hani
fln. It was marked by tilts between
Jutige Lenmrtf and Kierulff, in which
Kierulff came out second best. In re
sponse to a question by Kierulff as to
whether he had not made a statement
to a man named Chambers that he ex
pected to sue Bradbury and make $50,
000. Hanifln made a positive denial.
The defense called as witnesses De
tectives O'Dea and Mulcahy of San
Francisco, who testified that Hanifln's
reputation for honesty was bad.
Bradbury then put on several wit
neBses to testify that Mrs. Hanifln's
reputation was bad. Of these only two
testified that her reputation was bad
and they were women, one named Ma
mie Perry, who admitted she was also
known as Dottle Young, and her sister,
Carrie Perry.
The trial will be resumed to-day.
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD,
Swear That the Reputation
of the Woman's Husband
for Honesty Is Not Good
Laborer Hired by Chinaman
Says He Was Beaten and
Put in Oven by Celestials
Tries to Explain Possession of Six Guns
DETECTIVES OX STAND
TELL TALES OF CRUELTY
Tough Little Carpenter
Battles With Quintet
Anxious Plaintiffs in Suit
Against Naknek Packing
Company for Withheld Pay
Defense Makes a Futile At
tempt to Break Down Tes
timony of the Complainant
PORTO RICANS
CROWD COURT
BRADBURY CASE
HEARING AN END
DEATH FOLLOWS
AN EVICTION.
Baby Dies of Exposure in Its Mother's Anns
THREATENS TO SLAY WIFE
AND HAS FIREARMS READY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -THURSDAY; NOVEMBER 17, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
XEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
yTTW Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
RtTHr^lSnl" »"*•• 'or the treatment of Private
lm IV, jSSSi Dlnt-Hsen. I.4I-U M»nuon«l. Debility »>r
flHGBsHkfiWt'as'- wearinjrnn body and i-lml and
¦9K!3/%Hskln Dis«?«nes. The Doctor cures when
jKEH|KjBoth«»r!i fait. Try him. rh»rjtM low.
nUjHudcxi'r* (uarnnlrrd. Ollorwrite.
I>r. J. V. fllBBOX, Han Fnuv^laco. CaL
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 UABXET 8TSE2T.
Telephone South 430. .
"The Bubble Reputation
sought even at the cannon's
mouth" interests us only "to
— ~ . — _- — — — _ — J -„
prompt you to send your linen
and other washable wearables to
this laundry. You'll get your
money's worth in laundry satis-
faction, here.
NEWBR.0'5 HURPICIDE
A "Halr-wiver" that gnw la popularity.
Tli« ORIGINAL wsdy tbrt "Mis the OmmOrmtt Of."
GfOIMOl GrQlNGr!! <JONE HI
tamsi ikTtiM it. . inrtaoc «u sm rr. m ute na lamenc. .
ft]A«p a UAfA but « slight knowiedir* of scalp autovayto know
Nawfcro's Hwrpteld* will swt trow halr-Mtat* meiu Is » destroy thecauie of th«sU*«a»«, Htrp-
dotsihls-butby d«troytn»lh«s»krobkentwle« IcMt dots this ;. It cures dandruff, ttoj* falllnr
of hair health ttM hair Is bound to crow as nature hair and relievo Itching. , A delightful hair
Intended ; Mcept In chroak baldness. - It require* ¦ 4f estlnr,. Give* extraordinary nsutts. Try It
Bm Stan, $1X0. Sm Ite, ttapt.1i tantm a,**t I. Mr* net. for a stoat
¦ . '" iPPLWATIOSS IT MOM IKENT BABEEJt SHOPS. "' . Y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••Don't scold me,"
pleaded Kettle, "it's
cook's fault. She used
stale -water instead of
filling me with fresh,
when she built the fire.
She should know thai
water which has been
boiled two or three times
will spoil even you, my
high grade Mr.* Golden
Gate."
Nothing" 4oe. wtth GOLDEN CATS
COPFEE bat satisfaction. N*
priiss — an eo«poBi-Bu crocksry.
1 mmi 2 Ib. iron a-tl iht tlas.
Never sold la balk. .
J. A. Folger (Si Co.
Cstablishad Ka\lf av C**a.twrjr
* . San Francisco
Nq Breakfast Table ,
complete without
HhT^^^ hTH iSi^jH anf^^^ 9 KaT^a^
The Cream of Cocoas.
•The Most Nutritious
and Economical.
Sherwood & Sherwood, Pacific Coast Arts.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
North British and
Mercantile
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDOX. KN'GLA?TD. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D.. 1903. aad for th.
year endlns nn that day. as made to tha In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condenied a*
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up In Cash $3,437.500 00
ASSETS. ~ ~
Real Estate owned by Company.. $3,155,327 08
Loan* on Bonds and Mortgages. 193,088 *»)
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 14.752,300 10
Cash in Company's O/flce ...... 24.rt.T2 «4
Cash In Banks 713.083 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 75,173 40
Premiums in due course of Col-
lection 357.63371
Bills receivable, not Matured. .
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. * 27.81S 43
Due from other Companies for -
Reinsurance on losses already
paid S80.7751l>
Agents' Balances 1.3*32,439 63
Due from other Comoanies for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid. -Lire Department 22.168 43
Total Assets I21.274.S10 24
LIABILITIES. ~
Lomcs adjusted and unpaid....! ;
Losses In process of adjust' I
ment or in suspense [¦ 91.183,800 43
Losses resisted. Including: ex- I
penses J
Gross premium!* on Fire Risks
running on« year or lesa.
$7,253,831 33; reinsurance 60 per
cent 3.628.91387
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual policies.... 13.343 44
Superannuation fund 4S2.702 23
Due to other companies for re-
insurance 760.90143
.All other Liabilities 144.72913
Total Liabilities J6> 102 ' 003
IXCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire Premiums $3,201.033 33
| Received for Interest and Dtvl-
\ dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans.
i and from all other sources 873.599 '.%
Received for Trausfw fees 655 82
Total Income J3.777.2SX 73
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~
Net amount P««d for Fire Losses
(lnoludlns losses of previous
years) $4, 788.234 83
Dividends to Stockholders 952.223 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.B00.2S7 l«
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc. 1.479. 778 30
Paid for State. National and
Local Taxes 17.711 60
All other payments and expend-
itures 12.4638S
Total Expenditures J5.S3S.608 4i>
. . Ftr«
Losses Incurred during: the year.. $4,686,343 S3
Risks and Premiums! Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $3,476,162,530 $9,101.903 83
Net amcunt of risks
expired during the
year 3.333.420.813 9.287,483 1«
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903 3.071.811.845 7.233.831 33
W. T. PRICE. Manager.
ROBERT CARMICHAEL. Secretary-
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 12th
day .Of AdiII. 1904.
JOHN C. NEWTON. Notary Pubila.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT: • _•
TOM C. 6RANT, ' General Agent,
212 PINE STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE^ INVXGOilA-
¦tor and Nervine.
Tha most wonderful ashrodlsUe and IpecUl
Tcnlc for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy ior Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUXE. Arents.
32S Market St., S. T. — <Send for Circulars.)
ju£^&&xM MENANDWOMEH.
cft9J5££^nBXa^i&l Ct«Bl«Gforonn»tar»i
WasTlm IU » *«tvW dlseaariM.infla»im*tloas.
SgEf oujuWH Irritations or ulc»r»tioas
ffebff <!•»»• iw»«wr». of muooos nunbtm*.
f»--5 rr.M*c>i«i«. P»Io;«m. »ad not %«trla-
fejrtnUETMlCHEMlCAlCO. «-at or pciioncm*. .
WSam. CllBauUTl.ft.HSH atelal by DiaiKiala,
VCLwBKEHK^B Sioo.or3b«ttlM*3.7&.
¦ circuit* tost «a naostv
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PSS YSAB.
saV ' f m ¦ __ss1s1ssb1bsbsbsbsbsPs*1i1isI
FOR THANKSGIVING
Some Deciflefl Novelties
In our
China and Glass
Department
So suggestive of Thanksgiving
. Our assortment for this sea-
son is replete with the newest
and best ideas.
Choicest and most exclusive
patterns.
Moderate Prices
Guaranteed
S.&G-GumpCo.
1 13 Geary St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
St. Louis
Exposition.
Grand Prize.
Highest
Possible
Award
i has been aranted
to
Hunyadi Janos
Natural Laxative
Water.
WHY?
¦
Because it is
the best !
visit, DR.. JORDAN'S oucat d
dHUSEUH OF AHATOHY^
\ . \ST Tht ttrrmt Autenial Miuwva it-- tfct \
/0 iJL W«rl4. \iuhaiu «r ih «Mt>rt«1 A
0 *>ZZ?h CH - JORBA.K-0'SEA.SES OF iiEN A
X fr'(E£SB C«»ulttt«« fr« "¦¦«! «trirt< r (irintr. \
A I j1>€L t$ Tt «*"»«»' t pwwi»1.j' «r b» letitr. A Q
Y t U « C f—tUt Ctirt la er«y case usderukea. T
Aril it A «>(.(« Kx4.rniLoioHBv.fi
" • 1 P SARnucc, ukiiio r«t», (ay
1 J jj, nimble bcok lot mm) \
V DU. JOBOAK * CO, XOSt 3£ar*rt 8t..O. F. VTownsend's California Glace fruits h»
artistic ftre-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
from bellboy, driver, laborer, conductor,
clerk and stenographer to electrician,
draughtsman, teacher, lay reader and
sub-editor.
More than, 500 students worked their
way through Columbia University last
year, earning in various ways $74.021 17.
according, to a rer>ort of the secretary
of- the committee on employment for
students The ways In which students
earn money are 1 as various as their
abilities. The eighty-five different oc
cupations reported varied all the way
Self-Made Youths.
One of the queer rents paid to the
English crown Is by. the well-known
Foulls family. This family holds a for
est, and .the rental of the forest Is the
delivery of a ; snowball any day it is
asked for. : Always '"the" Foulls ''family
hpust,hayo a snowball ready. It is no
trouble to. them, either,. for Ben Wy via,
a mountain of great height, is in ; the
forest, I and i the top is always covered
with snow.
Queer Rent.
It hag long been known that a boat
sail shaped something like. a Japanese
umbrella would practically do away
with all danger of a boat's capsizing,
as the force of the wind on It would
have, no tendency to ihfclirie the boat.
But no such sail had been found until
an English inventor made what he
terms^a "cyclone sail," It resembles
a huge, flat sunshade pierced with holes
and -tilted slightly to one. side of Its
handle) which represents the mast of
Boat With Cyclone Sail.
Quizem— So Miss Antique got mar
ried, eh? Quite a surprise that she tot
struck by matrimonial lightning.
Edith— Oh, I don't know. Sh© map.
rled a conductor.
NATURAIiliT.
Prosperity, a deep and widespread de
sire for its continuance, and a feeling
Th-ere is no mistaking the meaning of
what the American people say, and
ihey were clearly determined that there
should be no doubt about it. They had
watched the man during his three years
in office. They had made ,up their
minds as to his character. They read
his own statement of his efforts in the
past and his purposes for the, future,
and they rose more nearly en masse
than they have ever risen for a Presi
dent since the early days. of the re
public and eald: "Yfou stand pat, and
we stand with' you/'-^-New York Globe.
It was. however, due to causes that
He near the surface and which have
been fully discussed In our columns—
a lingering distrust of certain elements
In the Democratic party, the failure of
Its leaders to unite in forcing an issue
on vital questions and, above all, to the
presense of the invincible general pros
perity fighting on the Republican side.—
New York Herald.
perhaps not less widespread that the
Democratic party is not yet "fit to gov
ern," are reasons which sufficient ex
plain the very remarkable results of the
election held yesterday in ' this coun
try^—New York Times.
MUSEUM MUSES.
Visitor— How did you learn to be x a
contortionist and twist yourself Into all
those funny shapes?
Contortionist— I used- to eat green
apples.
Reading old love letters is like eating
v, T armed-over soup. It Is safest to let
them stay tied with blue ribbon.
When. a man professes that he con
fesses his sins to a woman she always
thinks he is so much better than if
he did not tell her all about It.
A man evidently doesn't credit wo
man with much acuteness of percep
tion when he thinks she thinks he
chews coffee beans just, because he
likes them.
It isn't half as -hard to find a person
who can give advice as It is to .find one
who can take it.
SPINSTER'S REFLECTIONS.
And in the end shall great repose
Descend upon my poul,
When, at the eager journey's close,
I reach tho sudden goal. - -
Content, enlargement, fragrance, ease,
• Joy in the evening's cool.- _..'.'.. v:
The subtle silence in the trees,
g Tho gleam upon the' poolr —
Dreamer! In vain thou hastenest;
That glorius land resign;
Take by,the road thy Joy, thy rest;
The road, the road is thine. , - .
—The Pilot
»TpHE common road, with hedges high,
'¦[ • Confined on either hand.
.Will surely enter by and by
Some large, luxurious land.
Tho many wayfarers on foot
Have toiled from stage to stage,
And others roll along the route
With easy equipage.
All seek, methinks, that wide, domain
Whereon my thoughts are set;
Press on! Leave the dusty plain!
Hasten! "Tis farther yet. . r
THE ROAD.
Mrs. Henpeck — Our daughter's hus
band saya that at times he feels as
though he could eat her up.
Mr. Henpeck— In a few years he'll be
sorry he didn't /-^
SORRY SHE SPOKE.
The record is such as to make us fear that woman suffrage,
instead of taming and gentling politics, has overcome the calm
manners of the gentler sex, and that our sister woman has no more
scruples in out-tricking the opposition than we have. Women arc
by no means contented in the suffrage States to vote or scratch
tickets nominated for them by men. They go to the primaries and
do more than their share of persuading results in the conventions.
One thing is noticeable : they are not inclined to plump for ladies
who are candidates for office* but quarrel over men.
In Wyoming women voted when it was a Territory and there
fore had the power to perpetuate their right in the State constitution.
They do not as generally seek office there as they do in Colorado,
Utah and Idaho, but they are in the show for all that. The latest
news from Wyoming tells us of a duel between two ladies living on
ranches near Fort Bridger. They had fought in the road several
times and finally issued to each othec a warning that the next com
bat would be a gun fight. It was. They met armed with revolvers
and fought and fired until both fell and one was killed. The sur
vivor, with several serious wouirds, is in jail, putting up the old
masculine plea of self-defense.
It is a far cry^from a knitting needle to a revolver, from a
broomstick to a gun in the hands of lovely woman, and we are not
prepared to say that society will be the gainer from the change of
instruments and occupations. When the woman militant masters
the manual of arms the tyrant man would better surrender his latch
Uvy and vacate his seat on the mackerel kit at the corner grocery,
lest he get an indigestible dose of cold lead. We measure the dis
tance to the cellar while we ask, in anxiety of mind and fear of
personal danger, whether woman suffrage has advanced public virtue
and morality and whether women have refined politics or politics
has coarsened women. We are prepared to dodge missiles and await
the answer, but not calmly. I
WE desire to call the attention of Miss Anthony, Miss Shaw
and Mrs. Catt to the doings of the new woman in the States
where the ladies are in all political respects our fellow-citi
zens and vote and fight. The only warm State on election day was
Colorado, where the ladies did their' share of red hot work at the
polls and were as ready to fight as to vote.
"Nothing, except that you are mighty
good to think of such a thing! Yes —
I'll come!" •'
"That's right!" he commented cor
dially, and passed on.
Not until the .very mor.ning of the
day set for the. important function did
the expected box arrive. , Hortense
and 1 her mother had been^up in the
metropolis ordering their own attire.
They had doubtless bought this at the
same time. But, although she had
read in grateful amazement the sum
mentioned' on the receipted bill that
had been forwarded tbher by mail, it
was with a heart prophetically filled
with d(?ubt that Lesda opened' the
box, while; her aunt looked over. her
shoulder. -Layer. after layer\of tissue
riaper was laid aside. Lesda shrank
Bruce Ferguson, with' a man's obtuse
ness, did not realize what the inevitable
change in their manner of living must
mean to such fastidious women as his
sister and his niece. He had settled
an income on Lucinda, but Lesda de
clared that her music teaching would
bring her In all the money she would
require- Of the deprivations and make-
Bhifts necessary to present a serene
front to a critical world neither spoke.
"So you'll surely come," Ferguson
went on breezily. "I'm going to do
the thing In fine style— have music and
caterers down from Chicago, and all
that sort of thing."
The expression of proud reserve
deepened on the countenance of Lesda
Revere. She had an odd, exquisite
style of beauty, foreign to her class
and nationality. While her features
were not classically perfect, there was
about her face a look of spirituality,
of distinction, that attracted and held
attention.
"I hope you'll have a beautiful time,"
the said courteously. "But I shan't
go. Uncle Bruce."
He stared at her a moment in puzzled
surprise. Then he laughed heartily and
brought his clenched flat down in the
palm Vjf the other hand.
"Nothing to wear, I'll bet a nickel!
Poor Miss Flora McFlimsey!" For he
saw by her quick, irrepressible smile
that he had guessed aright. "Well,
you will have a dress, and one sent to
you ready made from the city at that!
Why, Hortense won't wear a thing
that's made in Lindenville! Now, you'll
promise to come? Well, what is it?"
She had been about to speak— to ask
him to permit hereto choose the gown
herself. But, after all, what right had
she to make suggestions to him? Was
he not exceedingly generous to prom
ise her a costume at' all?
THE NEW WOMAN.
CANDID.
Mrs. Crosseyes — Do you th+ntr baby
looks like his father?
Visitor— Yes, Indeed; but yon k&orv
I can never tell which- way either oi
them are looking.
"So I've heard, Uncle Bruce."
The tone was nonchalant, but she
had colored rosily up to the crisp,
reddish-gold curls around her white
forehead.
"It will be a great thing for Linden
ville if he decides to settle down here.
I hope," with ponderous archness,
"that you will try to persuade him!" •
The flush faded, leaving her looking
pale— and very proud, y
"I shall have nothing to say in the
matter," she answered coldly. . "It is
unlikely that I shall even meet him.*^
"Nonsense!" Ferguson cried,- drop
ping his rallying air. "Of course you
will! We'll all have a chance to re
rew our old acquaintance with as fine
a fellow aa ever struck out to make
his fortune.. Marian Is to give a- big
welcoming dance for him. Hortense
is eager for pleasure, you know," he
added leniently, "and we like to in
dulge her."
Lesda nodded, evincing polite In
terest. Until the mother of Hortense
had married her uncle twelve months
previous she and her aunt had lived
with Bruce Ferguson, directing his
household. - But with the coming of a
bride possessed of a grown daughter
all this was changed. So Lucinda Fer
guson, having got , together 'her few
heirlooms and some furniture, had
moved, into a little house she owned
011 the outskirts of the rich, bustling,
manufacturing town.
The new mistress and her daughter
were left in victorious possession; and
Ferguson, the town banker, portly
and prosperous, striding down the
main street one delicious summer
morning, met his niece on her way to
give a music lesson, and stopped to
tease her a trifle over the situation.
"Lesda, Gordon Ellis is expected back
next week:"
of their parting to attach importance
to the youthful romance.
It is with gentle touch that autumn I
plays upon the senses, drawing soft j
music from their melodious strings, j
Here is the song of autumnal love, as i
it comes to me in imperfect prose: \
It was cool and quiet in the wood, |
and this young girl wandered there ;
when her heart was heavy, treading
softly lest she disturb the hush that •
lay there sleeping. She would close her
eyes, and think that she felt the !
shadows on her face; they touched her 1
eyelids lightly, like fairy fingers, and j
pleasant fancies came and went un- !
ceasingly. |
As the unseen world opened more ;
widely before her vision, her heart grew ;
lighter, and the trouble that had lain .
on her spirit lifted, Just as the morn
ing mist rises before the early sun. j
Then sounds broke in upon her I
dreaming, the thud of acorns on the :
wet, black earth, the birds fluttering in
the branches overhead, the tap-tap of
the hungry woodpecker, the red leaves
lapping dellciously. It was all sweet
and strange, and never to be forgotten; !
and when she turned homeward, the j
young girl cast back a lingering glance
that had beneath its tenderness an ex- '
ultation, like that which one wears who
has surprised another's happy secret.
She did not know that the secret she
had learned was that of her own soul. I
In thlB manner come the children of
earth to the great All-Mother, to sit at
her knee for a lesson in love. With
gentle persuasions of touch, and sight, j
and sound, she leads them in her ways
of, wonder. Her face is their inspiration. |
Her Woodlands, are a very temple of;
the heart's religion; in the stillness and ,
awe of them the spirit of maid or man '
is lifted, and the soul expands to a new I
consciousness of love. The stars of
heaven, the flowers of the soil, the wind
blowing softly over evening meadows,
the sun ending daylight with a burst
of glory— these are her text-books and
her words of wiadom. j
The lady-moon, that pale-faced con- ;
fidante of love, had been identified, by ,
a scientist who is a poet at heart, with
the same' sentiments of love, depend
ence, and reverence on the part of ,
youth which infancy feels toward the
mother's face. j
Thus, with every changing season,
comes to youth and love and sensitive
maturity fresh Joys, each one rejoicing
in its own likeness, and springing all
from •
" this green font of Joy and mirth ;
The ever young and glorious e»rth.'< !
"Love Its ;ierf<»ct tune
On the har;> of June
Plays the while the whole world listens 'neath
the pulsing' moon."
"To its very rim
Joy Uie's cur> doth brim,
Natur*. smiling all around us, sings its happy
. ' hymn.
classic tradition, used mainly to Identi
fy the anemone with Adonis, and April
with'^enus. It is a working hypothesis
of scientific research.
It is left to the poet to consider the
inspiration which nature brings to ma
ture love. In lilting measure W. W.
Story sings the sweet relationship:
"Life Is In its prime.
And the springtime
Breathes Its subtle odors through us, turning
thoughts to rhyme.
HE GLANCED OVER HER i
CRITICALLY IX BEWIL
DERMENT.
THE relation of the young heart to
nature and the latter*s potency as
a stimulus to love has become a
recognized subject of study for
the new psychology.
. The 'Idea that the opening of
spring meant a rebirth of love in the
world is now something more than a
By Dorothy F^nimore
The City Council of Oakland so considered the matter when Mr.
Fitzgerald, a competent expert and disinterested engineer, was em
ployed to report upon the plan which is now renewed by the citizens'
committee. His report was that the Bay Cities Company could com
mand only 12,000,000 gallons per day, instead of the 20,000.000 now
reported by the committee, and that the quality of the water was
undesirable. The renewed offer obviates neither of these objections.
Since Fitzgerald's and the other reports were made, the land owners
in the Santa Clara Valley have begun litigation to prevent the re
moval of this water from the county, and have secured injunctions
to that end. The Spring Valley also has claims on the same water
supply and has begun suit to protect them. Under such circum
stances it seems a risky thing to burden the city's credit so / largely
in a project so doubtful and so much incumbered by litigation.
As an alternative plan the committee submits the taking of
ground water from' the Niles cone. The engineers' report on that
supply puts it at 14,000,000 gallons. Of this the Contra Costa Com
pany already owns 5.000.000 and the beet sugar mill 3,000,000, while
the Spring Valley Company claims much more, and private land
owners have a share. It will be seen then that this supply is liti
gable also, and subject to be tied up by injunction. In view of all
this, is it not possible that the plans of the citizens' committee do
not fit the case?
In the report made by Mr. Howard for the City Council, a prin
ciple was laid down that cannot be got away from. It is recognized
in every European city that is in municipal trading. It is, that no
city should embark in municipal ownership in competition with a
private plant already in the field. This was recognized in the city
of Cleveland, where the voters refused to embark in municipal
electric light and power in competition with a private plant. The
claim made in Oakland for cheaper water rates is based upon the
statement that the Contra Costa plant is overvalued, that its water
is watered, in fact. Now, if this is true and the real value of the
plant is what the Council has declared it to be, is it not plain that
it can compete successfully with a municipal plant costing fully
$6,000,000. and most likely more? When the economy in adminis
tering a private plant is pitted against the extravagance and waste
that are inevitable in municipal administration, the extreme unwis
dom of leaving the private plant in the field should be apparent.
The Oakland situation is of great interest, far outside the field
in which it lies. It presents every feature that can arise in embark
ing upon the policy of municipal ownership. It involves the ex
haustion of the public credit, or putting the cost upon the plant
itself. It involves quantity and quality of supply, and most intricate
litigation between different claimants, and the competition of a pri
vate r^lant condemned only for basing its rates upon an overvaluation,
which, if true, means that it can stay in the field. In view of the
complexity of the problem, if the existing plant refused to sell or
lease, it is apparent that before the decision is made the city will
have to enlarge its plans and go further to secure a greater scheme
that is free from the intricate entanglements that are upon the ono
now proposed. Let it be remembered, too, that the larger the plan
the better its ability to carry its own bonds and pay its own cost.
THE water question is again under discussion in Oakland. A
committee of citizens has made two propositions, upon which
advice is sought from the people. One is to pay the Bay Cities
Water Company to bring a supply to the city line, the price being
$3,750,000, the city to construct a distributing system, which the
committee believe "will cost riot less than $2,000,000, making the total
cost and bond issue $5,750,000, for which the whole city is to be
bonded to the exhaustion of its credit to that amount.
The position of The Call upon municipal ownership of public
utilities is well known. We believe that all plants so owned should
exclusively bear the credit used in their acquisition, leaving the mu
nicipal credit unencumbered. In other words, doing just as will be
done in the extension of the San Francisco seawall, which will
alone carry the $2,000,000 in bonds issued for its construction and
pay them out of its revenues, leaving the taxpayers of the city and
State* free of incumbrance on that account. If this C3n be done
with the seawall, why not with the Oakland water plant?
The wisest proponents of municipal trading in this country how
accept this as the sole guarantee of wisdom and economy in the
municipal management of a. utility plant. With such object lessons
as the new ferry depot and the seawall extension before our people,
those in the large cities of California who favor municipal owner
ship of utilities should not go astray. Above all things, this mat
ter should be discussed as a business proposition, in which prejudice
and recrimination have no proper part.
OAKLAND'S WATER SUPPLY.
Paymaster Mason Ball. U. S. N.. has
taken a three weeks" leave of absent e
and will go East for that length of
time.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Claude C. Block
will spend the winter in Washington,
where Lieutenant Block has been sta
tioned in the ordnance department.
Mrs. William J. Gunn, with Miss
Mabel and Miss Amy Gunn. will give a
tea next Monday afternoon- The affair
will be thoroughly informal, providing
an opportunity for friends to say "bon
voyage," for Mrs. Gunn ad Miss Mabel
leave here on Thanksgiving for New
York, From there they sail, in De
cember, for San Juan, where Miss Gunn
and Dr. Thayer will be married the
first of the year.
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Murphy are ex
pected home in -a short time. They
have been sightseeing in Europe and
are now in Washington.
Mrs. Russell J. "Wilson and 1X133
Charlotte Wilson will entertain at
luncheon to-morrow. Through the win
ter Mrs. Wilson will give several
Iuncheon3 and to-morrow's affair -will
include the older friends, leaving an
other date for the debutantes to bo
honored.
Mr. and Mrs. "Walter Dean and Miss
Helen Dean sailed yesterday from Liv
erpool for New York. They will spend
the winter East and will not arrive In
California for some months to come.
Mrs- Margaret Irvine and her son.
James W. Byrne, who left here on
Monday last, will be Joined by friends
la the East, all leaving in December
for an extended trip through Europe
and Egypt. They will winter In Cairo
after seeing Spain and cruising' the*
Mediterranean.
General and Mrs. Rawles and Miss
Rawles will be at home on first ani
third Fridays at 2731 Green street.
Their proximity to both the military
and civilian precincts makes their lo
cation an enviable one to the friends
of whom General and Mrs. Rawlea
have so many in both circles. -
The National Society of Colonial
Dames will give a luncheon at the
St. Francis on Saturday, November 26.
Society is giving dinners, theater
parties and. box parties on that even
ing, making the date one of promi
nence.
Among those who have already se
cured boxes are Mrs. Tevis, Mrs. Brey
fogle. Mrs. Gerstle, Mrs. Slosa and
Mrs. de Young.
The benefit for the Woman's Ex
change, which is to be given next
Tuesday evening at the Tivoli. i3 at
tracting too much attention.
A special production of "The Mes
senger Boy" will be given and with
its own bright attraction added to the
enthusiasm centered in the beneflci;irv
the house will be a large one.
Cnllaghan Byrne, now in St. Louis,
will leave shortly for New York,
where he will meet his mother, Mra.
Margaret Irvine, and his brother,
James Byrne, preparatory to their
foreign tour.
Miss Jane Flood has returned from
New York after a lengthened visit.
Mrs. Elmer Clark, wife of Captain
Clark, Eighteenth Infantry, arrived
on Tuesday on the Thomas.
As Miss Bertha Houghton she was a
favored member of society and is re
ceiving a warm welcome.
On the same' transport came Llfm
tenant U. S. Grant and Lieutenant
Douglas MacArthur, who are likewise
being met with much cordiality. Mrs.
Clark is at the home of her parents.
Mrs. Horatio Stebbins and M/sa
Lucy Ptebblns will be given a recep
tion by the Channing Auxiliary in the
First Unitarian Church on Wednesday
evening, November 23.
Mrs. Norris King Davis was hostess
at a luncheon for twelve guests yester
day.
Mis? Carmelita Selby was guest of
honor at a dinner given last evening
by Mrs. Edward J. Pringle.
The wedding of Mrs. Mattie Griffith
and Major S. W. Dunning, U. S. A.,
adjutant general, Department of Cali
fornia, took place yesterday afternoon.
The ceremony, quietly performed In
the presence of only a few friend^, oc
curred at 4 o'clock In the Swedenbor
gian church.
Major and Mrs. Dunning have gone
for a short wedding trip.
Dr. and Mrs. George Franklin Shiels
gave a dinner on Tuesday evening at
the Occidental Hotel, entertainln? Dr.
and Mrs. William Lynham Shiels, Dr.
and Mrs. Ernest Johnstone, Mr. and
Mrs. Sands Forman, Miss Muriel
Steele, Captain Howland. Mr. Brander.
Dr. and Mrs. George Shlcls expect to
leave shortly for New York, and many
affairs have been prepared in their
honor prior to departure. Among other
hospitalities was a dinner last evening
jrive'n by Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Wil
liams.
On Tuesday, also, Mrs. G. G. Moore
gave a luncheon at the St. Francis,
with Mrs. Shiels the honored guest. At
this pleasant affair were Mrs. William
&hiels. Mrs. Robert Schwerin. Mrs.
Sands Forman, Mrs. Oeorge Sperry,
Mrs. Carey Frledlander, Mrs. Ernest
JohnFtone.
Covers were laid for eighteen, and
those hiddon were Mr. and Mrs. Oliver
C. Haslett, Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Gers
tle, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Eissell, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward Brayton, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Iliekard. Mr. and Mrs. Warren
Gregory, Mr. and Mrs. George Waffle,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Grimwood.
The red room of the Bohemian Club
was the scene of a dinner given last
evening by Mr. end Mrs. Harry H.
Haijrht.
VERY one in town knew that
E Gordon Ellis had made a for
tune in the Klondike and was
coming back to his native town-
And the general supposition ex
isted that he was returning in
quest of a wife. There wer-e those who,
recalling the boy and girl love affair
between him and Lesda Revere, smiled
significantly. But there were others
who averred that both had been too
young and inexperienced at the time
"Come for your uncle's sake!" he
begged. "Every one here in Linden
ville knows you. It will be srreat fun!
And then, Lessie, come for my sake!"
It was great fun. The verdict that
the girl in the sea-green gown, with
cheeks like wild roses, was the belle
of the ball was practically unanimous.
Only- Ilqmense and her mother ex
changed a glance of dark and signifi
cant disappointment when Bruce Fer
guson, smiling indulgently if obtusely,
whispered:- "Coohetua up to date!
Not such a bad match for a little
music teacher."
.."Isn't that the — the right thing?
It's Just stunning. You look like an
Undine — a silver-birch incarnated!
All pale green and white — except for
a crown of gold '."And this audacious
young man stoopel to touch the shin
ing coronet with reverent lips.
' "Lessie, you must know why I've
come back!" His voice dropped to a
coaxing cadence. "I've come — for
you! Dear, have I startled you?
Well, come up. to the dance, and I'll
promise to be dumb until — the last
waltz."
"In a dress that cost a quarter a
yard — and that I made myself?" ahe
queried, her voice tremulous with ex
citement.
"But I can't, Gordon!" She was
blushing like a rose. "Not in this
old 20\vn!"
He glanced over her critically— in
bewilderment.
She was very resolute in reading the
tiny volume of Tennyson she had
brought when after supper she came
out into the fragrant solitude. Her
gown was of simple lawri, that trailed
about her feet in a sweep as of broken
waves. Her arms shone pearl fair
through its transparency.
The afterglow faded. Shadows
crept stealthily up the garden ways.
It was not possible to read longer.
Anyhow,' she had hardly been aware
cf that which she was readVng. . Now
the guests were gathering at her
uncle's Imposing home. Lights were
blazing and the gay music from the
city resounding. And now. She
closed her eyes, drifting away into a
reverie, vari-hued, melodious, kaleido
scopic, so absorbing that she did "riot
notice the stopping of a carriage at
the gate nor the heavy footstep muf
fled by the thick grass.
"I wonder if a kiss would waken
lu-r!" meditated a quizzical- voice.
"I'm not " She started to her
feet, the. flooding light of the warm,
young midsummer moon full on her
face. "Gordon!" she murmured.
Older, heavier, manlier than the
young fellow wi»o had. gone away,
there was still the admiration in his
eager eves — the smile of tenderness
about the. square-cut lips.
"You're a nice sirl!" he cried, hold
ing her cold, slight hands in his warm,
heavy pressure, Never to come to a
party given in the honor of your, old
friend! I looked for you everywhere.
Your uncle said you had promised
him vou would come. So he sent me
to bring'you. Or rather," he laughed,
"1 asked him if I might not come for
you. Come— Lessie!"
It was the old childish name that
no one else had called her.
The long, hot golden days lagged
by. Never had the giving of music
lessons seemed so tedious, nor had the
pupils ever appeared so tiresome.
Coming hctaxe just as the relentless
sun was dropping down the west, the
girl brightened with wan pleasure at
the sight of the little old gray cottage
she "called home. In the house she
knew would be balm — the bairn of
s.\mpathy, or rest, of love."
"I'll have a bath and a fresh gown,"
she told herself, "and get out here in
the silence and the sweetness and read
until I forget there are gay people
dancing the night away — and I not
cne of them!"
Not for worlds would she have ad
mitted even to her own. heart that it
was less the social exhilaration she
missed than the wee, hidden hope she
had harbored of seeing once more a
well remembered dark head, of feeling
the warm clasp of a strong, firm hand,
and of meeting the half tender, half
quizzical glance of expressive blue
eyes.
back with a little cry of dismay as
the gleaming, lustrous, costly fabric
was revealed
"What have I done to make Uncle
Bruce's wife and daughter dislike me
so?" she whispered. "They kr^ew—
you know," Aunt Lucinda— that I can
never wear such a shade!"
Lucinda Ferguson shook her head.
Tears of disappointment came into her
gentle old eyes as she grazed down on
the expensive robe. It was of raw,
crude, brickish pink — the very last
hue that a girl with hair the copper
color of Lesda's dare wear.
The girl laid back the layers of tis
sue paper, with fingers that trembled.
"I'm sorry, because Uncle "Bruce
meant so well. And then," with lips
that would quiver, "I get a chance to
go to> a dance so seldom!"
BY KATE M. CLEARY.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
— ADDRESS ALA, COMMUNICATIONS TO '*T V '"' "'
iOJZX McXAUGHT ¦ ¦_• Ma P ng^r
PUBLICATION OFTICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN' FRANCISCO
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 17, 1904
YOUNG HEART'S
RELATION TO
NATURE.
COPHETUA TO DATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ NOVEMBER 17, 1904.
*BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
Special information supplied j daily tc
business houses and public men by th«
Pr*ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street Telephone Main 1042. •
8Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16. — The fol
lowing Californians arrived in Wash
ington to-day:
At the Raleigh — Paul Dotz of San
Francisco. At the New Wlllard — L. L.
Elliott of Los Angeles; Miss A. A.
Collett. Miss Riley and Robert M. F.
Dobbs o? San Francisco.
Banquet to George Webster.
George Webster, director at
the Central Theater, was the guest of
honor at a banquet given last evening
in honor of his twenty-five %years '. of
theatrical life. Mr. Webster began
his career under the tutelage of the
noted actor, W. E. Sheridan, at the
j. Baldwin Theater In the production of
"King Louis XI." At that time Web
' ster was playing a small part in the
j prqduction, and one of the. actors who
j was scheduled to interpret the role
1 of the drunken Scotchman was taken
! suddenly ill. Sheridan called Web
ster to one side and gave him the
part. After the performance Sheri
dan praised Webster in the following
{manner:. "Fine performance youpg
man;. but he was too drunk.". In the
jsame cast were. Laura Donn, Joe Gris
mer, Theodore Roberts and Annie
Adams, the mother of Maud, Adams.
Laundress' Hand Caught in Mangles.
Annie Ryan, a laundress employed
in the St. Nicholas laundry, had four
fingers of her right hand fearfully
crushed while passing linen through
a hot mangles yesterday. The wo
man was smoothing wrinkles out of
a piece of cloth that was going
through the machine. The injuries
were treated at the Emergency Hos?
pital by Dr. Pawllcki.
POSTERS and BANNERS.— Gabriel Printing
Co. print anything. 419 Sacramento st. •
Californians In New York.
! NEW YORK, Nov. 16. — The follow
j ing Californians arrived in New York
J to-day: "/!;:¦•
From San Francisco— Mrs. M.
j Frank, at the* Breslln; Mrs. L. H.
Griffith and Mrs. J. P. Mavers, at the
I Imperial; Mrs. E. H. Merrill, at the
I St. Denis; E. C. Brau, at the Grand;
' M. H. Hale and "wife, at the Astor; A.
W. King, at the Murray Hill; L. W.
Knight, at the Earllngton; J. Madison
and wife, at the Broadway Central; H.
McDermott, at the, Rossmore; C. H.
Morton k at the Astor; Mrs. A. M. Sey-
I mour, at the Cadillac.
i From Santa Rosa— Mrs. B. Thomp
! son. at the Astor. .
From Los Angeles — H. F. Norcross,
at the Victoria; F. A. Walker, at the
Astor; Mrs. D. M. Welch, at the Mur
ray Hill.
Milton Jacobl, a pupil of Hugo Mans
feldt, gave a public piano recital Tues
day night at Steinway Hall and sur
prised even his mogt ardent admirers,
who have heard the youthful genius in
private.
In masterful manner, with conception
«)f the great composers truly remark
able ar.d with the ease of a veteran,
he interpreted Schubert an Schubert's
loyal subjects would, have him inter
preted, and rattled off picturesque
dainties of that great man Dvorak
until the audience demanded more and
more of it.
Interprets tho Masters and Wins the
Plaudits nnd Admiration* of
His Audience.
MILTON JACOBI PROVES
A BRILLIANT SOLOIST
Claims were filed yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors for the re
turn of taxes alleged to have been il
legally collected for the redemption
and interest of the new bond issue by
John Rosenfeld's Sons and Mandel,
Wiener & Co. The protestants aver
that the board hqd no power to levy
the tax because the bonds are not yet
Issued or sold.
Want Bond Taxes Refunded.
Cleanse and renovate the vital fluid (or
blood) and healthfully stimulate every
bodily function with Lash's Bitters. • ,
INJI'RKD VY CAREL.KSS DRIVERS. — Os
-,v ,1 Uovrartl of 11 A Howard street wal
l:nx-ke«l (".own by a wagon at the corner of
Taylor and Market streets yesterday afternoon.
Jam*-* O'Uilcy of dl Sensomc street met. with
a rimllar mUhap l at Market anfl OFarrell
*trw-u. }'¦' ih - were . treated at the Central
HUn^nreanv ITwoltil
The remains of the late Mrs.
George Crocker arrived from the East
yesterday. They were met at the Oak
land mole by Louis Hanchette, broth
er of the deceased, .who will arrange
for their interment. George Crocker
and his stepson, Alexander Ruther
ford, will arrive here to-day. The
funeral will take place to-morrow at
10:30 a. m. from Trinity Church. In
terment will be in Mountain View
Cemetery in Oakland. For the con
venience of friends of the late Mrs.
Crocker who desire to attend the
burial ceremony a special boat will
leave the ferry landing on this side
of the bay for Broadway, Oakland.
Mi's. Crocker's Remains Here.
Wong: Dick Sing, a highbinder be
longing to the Suey Sing- Tong, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Detec
t'.vp McMahon and Special Officer
Cleary on Washington street. He is
accused of stabbing Chin Tal in a
box in the Washington-street theater
on Tuesday night over a dispute as to
ownership of the dot. Chin Tai's
¦wcund is serious and Wong Pf^c Sing
will be held pending developments.
Accused of Stabbing Chinese.
The North Shore tunnel through Whites
Hill is completed. All that remains to be
done Is the grading of the approaches. Trains
will be running- through the tunnel by Decem
ber 5 or thereabouts. This will mean a saving
in time of about thirty minutes between San
Trancisco and Latunitas, where tSi Malllard
estate is bsln? subdivided placed on the
market in villa lots. It will mean extensive
Improvements in the country along the
scenic North Shore. " •
Improvements Along: Xortli Shore.
A party of Diamond Match Com
pany officials, who have been Inspect
ing the company's interests at Chlco
and Stirling, arrived here yesterday
and are registered at the Palace. In
the party are President O. C. Barber,
General Manager W. M. Graves and
General Superintendent C. M. Palmer
of New York and F. M. Clough, Pa
cific Coast manager; J. B. Robinson,
chief engineer at Chico, and A. F.
Jones, attorney for the company on
this coast. %
Fred A. Rindge, a prominent busi
ness man of Los Angeles, Is registered
at the St. Francis.
Judson Brusie, secretary of the Rail
road Commission, and wife are regis
tered at the Occidental.
Thomas R. Jones, the newly ap
pointed superintendent of the Sacra
mento division of the Southern Pa
cific, Is in the city on business.
J. \V. Kendrick, third vice president:
A. G. Wells, general manager, and
James J. Byrne, general passenger
agent of the Santa Fe road, who ac
companied President E. P. Ripley up
the coast as far as Monterey, arrived
here yesterday and are registered at
the Palace. President Ripley will ar
rive to-day and expects to remain in
San Francisco until Saturday or Sun
day.
Banker T. J. Field of Monterey Is
at the Palace.
V. W. Hatch, a frultman of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
W. G. Filer, a capitalist of Salt Lake
City, is at the -St.' Francis.
A. F. Luning, a brewer of Milwaukee,
is staying at the St. Francis.
Cmnmander Mahon. U. S. N., ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
"W. B. Clapp of the United States
Geodetic Survey is at the Occidental.
H. P. Anderson, a well known oil
n in of Los Ar.geles, Is at the Palace.
E. T. Stimson, a prominent lumber
man pf Los Angeles, and wife are at
the Palace.
PERSONAL.
Two actions to recover money on
oil leases, aggregating SI 2,000, were
filed in the Superior Court yesterday.
W. P. Keir sued Oren G. Meyers and
Julius Fried for $333 33 and 3333.33
shares of stock in the Westmoreland-
Coalinga Company, or • its value,
$6666 C6. ' The plaintiff came into
possession of the land from C. O.
Cantteld, and the defendants got the
lease from R. W. Heath. Kerr agreed
to let them sublease provided he re
ceived one-third of Vhe proceeds.
They sublet for one-sixth of the oil
and SI 000 in cash, but Kerr says they
received 10,000 shares of the com
pany's stock besides. The other suit
was by Louis Nathan and W. P.
Kerr against Meyers and Fried' for
$5000, which they claim as their
share in $10,000 paid for sub
leases by the Pittsburg - Coalinga
Company.
Want Share in Oil Leases.
Jtidjre Cook Issues a Warrant on Com
plaint of Attorney Xagle and
Bonds Are Fixed.
'><irj" Letcher, capitalist, was
v -'oug-ht to the City Prison yesterday
by Dejtuty Sheriff K. Stewart of Santa
Clara County. He was arrested in San
J<^t- pome days ago on complaint of
Attorney C G. Nagle of this city, who
•Heged that Letcher was a fugitive
f?<ni justice. It was charged that
Lttcher was wanted in Williams
Ctunty, Ohio, for arson committed
niiom tv.f-r.ty years ago. L?tcher was
rt leased from custody by order of the
J'j'2?rc- in Snn Jose.
Nag> js«H-jr<?d a warrant from Judge
< ook «>n Tuesday afternoon for the ar
i»5t of Letcher. claiming that he is a
fugitive from justice. The warrant
was sent to San Jose and Letcher was
arrested and brought here yesterday.
L*tcher's bonds were fixed at $6000 by
Judge Oook and he was remanded ir.to
the custody of the police till he ould
furnish the bonds. The cat=e wilt be
heard to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock. Attorney George W. Schell
is looking after Letcher's Interests.
LETCHER AGAIN ARRESTED
OX A CHARGE OF ARSON
A "Jubilee Mission will be opened
next Sunday, in St. Mary's Cathedral
at the 11 o'clock mass by the Vincen
tian missionary priests. The purpose
of the mission is to give Catholics an
opportunity to comply with the con
ditions of the jubilee which has been
declared by Pope Pius X. The time
for the jubilee expires by December
8, and the mission will last two weeks.
One of the conditions of the Jubilee Is
to. pay three visits to the cathedral.
Great numbers of Catholics will- be
making these visits during the com
ing two weeks, and an opportunity of
attending the evening exercises of
the mission will be extended to them.
The preachers will be eloquent Vin
centlan priests of the East, and regu
lar exercises will be held morning and
evening. The mission will open with
solemn high mass next Sunday.
A Jubilee Mission to Optn.
Maxine Elliott in the Clyde Fitch
comedy, "Her Own "Way," will be the
attraction at the Columbia Theater
commencing next Monday night. Mati
nees are to be given on Saturdays and
an additional afternoon performance
on Thanksgiving day. Miss Elliott,
who has for some seasons been re
garded as the most beautiful woman
on the American stage, ; has won new
honors as an actress and she has sur
prised her admirers, who have been
disposed to regard her simply as a
beautiful woman by the strength and
sincerity and depth of feeling of her
work in several emotional scenes. The
play also gives her ample opportunity
to portray the lightest and most deli
cate shades of refined comedy.
Manager Charles B. Dillingham will
present Miss Elliott here with the
same cast and production seen In New
York. In the company are Charles
Cherry, James Carew, R. C. Herz. Nel
lie Thorne. Georgia Lawrence, Danny
' Addison Pitt, Suzanne Perry and little
! Donald Gallaher, a clever juvenile.
POPULAR ACTRESS WHO WILL.
APPEAR AT THE COLUMBIA IN
"HER OWN WAY."
BOSTON, Nov. 16.— Believing that an
injustice had been done Private John
F. Smith, whose dis^arge from the
United States army was recommended
by General Grant because he married
a negress, the colored people of New
England have sent a petition to- Presi
dent Roosevelt, asking that he inter
vene. Some time ago the New England
Suffrage League sent cut blanks ask
ing' for signatures to the petition on
the ground that the discharge of white
soldiers from t,he army for no other
reason than that they had married col
ored women wc-uld encourage the pre
judice against negroes, in the army and
out, and that it would be an insult to
every colored woman. The petition,
which was headed by C. C. Morgan,
Boston lawyer, and signed by nearly
1000 persons, was as follows:.
We. the undersigned colored Americans, be
lieving that interests of personal liberty
require that the appeal of Private John F.
Smith, stationed at Fort Worth. Salem. N. J..
from his discharge by his 6iiperlor officers,
resulting from his marriage to a woman of
our race, be sustained, and realizing: that his
discharge, except for specific wrongdoing,
would, under the circumstances operate with
great injury to colored Americans, hereby pray
and petition you. Theodore Roosevelt, Presi
dent of th« United States, head of the army,
to Intervene to the end that tho discharge of
Smith may be rescinded. f
LOS ANGEL.ES, Nov. 16.— A special
to the Express from Whittier, Cal.,
says: A
Reports from Merced that County
Auditor Cook alleges that irregular
claims have been presented to Merced
County by Superintendent Smith of
the Whittier Reform School in connec
tion with the release of the boys Rob
ert and Dick Shaw, August 15, seem to
have been based on a misunderstand
ing of • the methods pursued by the
board of trustees, which methods have
the approval of Governor Pardee.
According to the allegations of Aud
itor Cook of Merced the State school
officials were guilty of misrepresenta
tion in filing the claims for the support
of the Shaw boys for August, Septem
ber and October, affidavits obtained
from the boys- stating that they left
the school August 15.
Since the State school of correction
was established at Whittier, the
amount advanced by the county to the
State, $11 a month for each pupil, has
been claimed until the pupil was dis
charged or paroled. Superintendent
Smith said to-day that this plan had
been in vogue during his adminstra
tion and heretofore no question had
been raised by county officials in re
gard to it.
"About three-' months ago," he con
tinued, -"I sent these boys to their
home in Fresno on furlough, and at a
meeting of the trustees a month aj£b I
recommended their discharge from the
school. They wore discharged, but for
the intervol between the furlough and
their dismissal from the school charges
for their keeping; was rendered. This
is the practice of the school and it is
followed every month in similar cases.
Immediately upon the discharge or
parole of a cadet the charge against
the county from which he comes for his
maintenance is stopped. Our plan has
been approved by the Governor, th<;
State Board of Examiners and the
board of trustees, and in fact, is the
only one practicable."
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 16. — A pitiful
story of hunger and destitution and a
pathetic tale of patience and faith in
the ultimate consideration of a kind
Government are brought from the
eastern mountains of this county by
men who have been Investigating the
condition of the Indians on the Gov
ernment reservations near Campo. In
dian Agent Charles E. Schell ot Pala
and Charles F. Lummls, the well
known author and editor of "Out
"West," have spent «lx days among the
red men. The gist of what they found
la harrowing enough to send a shud
der throcgh tha country.
In the five reservations near Campo,
on the edge of the desert, there are at
present nearly 200 Indians — not the
dirty, vicious, untutored, begging
creatures who Infest the transcon
tinental railroad sations, but hard
•working, Intelligent farming people,
who cultivate every possible square
inch of the practically worthless, land
reserved for them by the nation. No
rain has fallen to start the seed plant
ed, no water is at hand for Irrigating,
no large reserve food supply is ever
possible and the unfortunates are now
subsisting chiefly upon acorns.
"Unless relief comes," said Lummls,
"all the Indians will be dead before
New Tear's day. Such emaciation,
such patient suffering among old and
young alike, I have never seen before
and never want to see again. Those
Indians loathe putrid flesh, yet such
Is their extremity that when fcney see
vultures devouring any animal that
has been killed they scare the birds
away and eke out their larder with
the flesh. They also go out and catch
rats and mice and eat them."
Wards of the Nation Will
Be Dead Before the New
Year Unless Given Belief
Senator Newlands of Nevada and
Governor Pardee of California are the
mott talked of men for the next presi
dent of the congress.
Now that your first great object, has" been
accomplished in the passage of the reclamation
law you should make yourselves the guardians
of tha future and the unrelenting and watch
ful enemies of every attempt to waste any cf
the great resources in the forestry, grazing and
mineral wealth, the foundation stones uf tha
newer and greater West for irrigation and
even' other interest which you represent.- The
period of exclusivenesa is past. The stock In
terests are no longer Independent of the mining
Interest*, nor either cf them independent of the
lrrlgator. A eloper Interweaving than ever be
fore Is at hand among all the great interests of
the whole country. One cannot prosper with
out tha other. So the Juture growth and
great nets of tho other WYstern Interests de
jend. In the first decree, upon the development
of Irrigation, and tho deveiopmenfof Irriga
tion will d«penl upon the protection and wise
us« of the existing forests and the creation of
new ones, and the proper control of the graz
ing. Your work for the good cf one Interest Is
for the good of all.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
Most of the great problems of organization
and methods have now been solved, and prog
ress in construction and settlement is being
made with Increasing rapidity. The passage
of the reclamation law was a great step to
ward realizing the beet use Is to produce water
for Irrigation. But, always and in every
place, the best uso of public lands is their uao
by the man who has come to stay. There are
unfortunately In every part of our country a
few men whose interests arc purely temporary,
who are eager to skim the cream and go, to the
detriment of tho natural reservoir upon which
national Irrigation depends to the permanent
loss of every agency which makes for the true
development and lasting greatness of the Ir
rigable States. Such interests cannot be al
lowed to control.
ALI, INTERESTS JOINED.
The following letter from President
Roosevelt was read and aroused much
enthusiasm:
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. 10, 1901.
To the National Irrigation Congress: It Is
a pleasurr to send my greeting to you. both
as President oT tho United States and as a
man who has lived in the West and Is eager
for its prosperity. Whatever any man or body
of men may believe as to any question m
political controversy, we may unite in the
great duty of international Improvement: me
duty or making every foot of soil, .every
stream and every other resource of natural
or human origin contribute to th* very ut
mcBt to the permanent prosperity of our coun
try. I consratulate you because you are no
lenerer striving for what unct? »e«nud * dis
tant hope; you are no longer engaged In a
campaign of education for the passage of a
reclamation act. On the contrary, your nret
great object is achieved. You have yet to
consider what has been done and what Is
being done under that act by the reclamation
service, to consider means to give it lta
largest and widest results and to discuss tn«
broad problems of Irrigation methoda and
It was through your efforts and men llUe you
that the people of the I'nited States, as a na
tion undertook to attack the desert and to do
away with It. net only so far a« ther« Is
water now for that purpose, but to the fullest
exten/ for which water may be developed
h«rearter. Such an attack can be successful
only when bated on accurate knowledge. W hen
tht reclamation act was passed the essential
facts as to str«am flow had been ascertained
In many parts of the United States, and the
scientific basis for a national reclamation,
which otherwise would have taken years to
accumulate, was already In a large part at
hand. The fact that so much progress has
already been made in the reclamation fervlce
Is a striking example of the advantage of sci
entlflc Investigation by the general Govern
ment. It may be true that, to the man
whose Interest is limited- by immediate re
sults, the admirable {.work of the reclamation
service at time* seems slow, but we are
building for a great future, and It In far
more important that tho works built should
tw permanent and succes.-rful than that they
should b« completed in haste. There will be
no unwise hurry: neither will there be any
unnecessary delay.
Among the resolutions Introduced and
referred was one asking that congress
include Texas in the list of States that
may benefit from the national funds;
one urging legislation appropriating
funds for the creation of additional
forest reserves and another repeating
and emphasizing the resolutions of pre
vious congresses in favor of consolidat
ing all Government forestry work in
the Department of Agriculture.
PRESIDENT'S GREETINGS.
Aside from the technical Information
brought out at the convention to-day,
it was devoid of unusual interest. The
Mexican delegates are enthusiastic over
the prospect of being officially recog
nized by the convention. It is under
stood that they will return to- organize
a congress for Mexico, but they want
affiliation with this congress also.
A paper on the subject of "Rural Set
tlements" by Commander Booth Tuck
er was presented to the congres3.
EL PASO, Tex., Nov. 16.— The 1 Na
tional Irrigation Congress was to-day
divided into five sections and each
section .met in a different hall. They
will gather again to-morrow in general
session and report results of their work
and any conclusions arrived at.
The executive* committee, in accord
ance with the instructions given last
year, to-day reported a number of sug
gested amendments to the constitution,
but none of them is of material im
portance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Method in Vogue at the
Institution Is Said to Be
the Only Practicable One
Recommendation That He
Be Discharged Is Styled
an Insult to the Race
TAKE UP SMITH'S CASE
AUDITOR IS MISTAKEN
Senator Newlands and Par
dee Spoken Of for the Next
Head of the Organization
TELL PITIFUL STORIES
WORK OF WIDE RANGE
Irrigation Congress Hears
From Roosevelt, on the
Questions Before Them
Superintendent of Whittier
Reform School Explains
Procedure in Shaw Cases
Negroes Urge, the President
to Retain Soldier Who
Married a Colored Woman
Investigators Report That
Bed Men on Reservation
Near Campo Are Destitute
DENIES CLAIMS
ARE IRREGULAR
GRANT'S ORDER
ANGERS BLACKS
FIND INDIANS
ARE STARVING
GREETING FROM
WHITE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 17, 1904.
MAXINE ALLIOTT
WILL SUCCEED IN
"HER OWN WAY"
9
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
Every Detail of Manufacture
Carefully Managed From
"FIELD TO FAMILY."
Free With Every amall Ad in
) Sunday Call.
A Ten-Pound Sack of
SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR,
The Newest and Best Family
Flour on the Market, i
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
am usEMibrrs.
TCALIFORNIA^
jj ....THIS WEEK ONLY.... j
3 The Dig Laugh Maker.
j*j Funniest of All Farces. t
I A Friend |
§ of the Family |
> POSITIVELY <f
, WILL APPEAR j
j SUNDAY NIGHT. [
S Tho Great New York fasino Muslcsl j j
: • Extravaganza. p ,
* At, % 1 Prices 1 i
> "(Ay — t ;
" There will Be No Sunday Matinee for , ;
s Thl3 Attraction.
** SEATS NOW S 5* X!ISC *.
A Big Banner Bill
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mnruhr: C»rUsl«'_
Does and Ponies; Augusta Close, and
the Three Eamoniers. Last Times of
the Twelve Navaio Girls; Canfleld and
Carleton; Wee Jeanio Fletcher and
JOHN T. KELLY AHD COMPAKT.
Ktjultr Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices— 10c, C3c
and ECc. '-'¦' .
G R A N_D SSSig
LAST .THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The International Success
The FATAL
WEDDING.
IVEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
The Show Girl
THE BEST OF ALL GIRL SHOWS.
MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
i turr.Vr a— w I «.,« •f(_j£|lM"
{Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
I TO-NIGHT ti^Iy^? t TO-NIGHT
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOTJLD — J.* H. OII.MOITS
And the Majestic Theater Company In That
g Intensely Emotional Drama,
Hearts Aflame
Reappearance of A DELE BLOCK.
I ocZf* MATINEE 9^f
-iOG TO-DAY _.OC
Next— "TAMING OP" HELEN."
I - >,-!¦-.- -• '"/K ¦__'.:.•- !- v — ~'v''
TA KE AN AFTERNOON OFF
Or Come To-Nlsrht aad See the
GREATEST VATJD-VILLE PEBTOBSS-
AUCE IK ALL THE WOBLD 7OB
TEC PaiCES:
10c and 20c -No Higher.
Ten New EEABLIKE2S Every Week.
Afternoon Performances at 220.
Twice Each ZTisr-t. at 7*30 and 9.
Continuous Performances on Saturday
and Sunday, from 3 to 5 O'clock v. m.
aad from 7 Until 11 O'clock at night.
CHI1DEEN 10 CENTS AT ALL TIMES
And to any part of tht theater.
Only Original European Moving Pictures.
icii! jfe, Racing!
Hew XfU( Jockey
California p^ Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Comrnenclnt SATURDAY. November 12.
Racine every week day. rain or shin*.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
' For Epecial trains atopping at the track tak*
S P terry foot of Market* street, at 12:UU.
li'-IW 1:C*> 1:30 or 2:U0. Returning train*
leave the track at *:IU and 4:45 p. m. ana
immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY \V. TREAT. Secretary.
"My customers, naturally, have been
interested and I am compelled to an-
swer a great many questions about
Grape-Nuts.
"Some people would think that a pfm-
ple dish of Grape-Nuts and cream
would not carry one through to the
noonday meal, but It .will and in the
most vigorous fashion."
Name prtven by Postum Co., Battle
Creek. Mich.
Look in earn pkg. for the famous lit-
tle t-j-.i:, 'The Road to WeUvlUe.'"
When the doctor takes his own medi-
cine and the grocer eats the food he
recommends some confidence comes to
the observer.
A grocer of Ossian, Ind., had a prac-
tical experience with food worth any
one's attention.
He says: 'Six years aeo I became so
weak from stomach and bowel trouble
that I was finally compelled to give up
all work in my store, and in fact all
Borts of work, for abouy, four years.
The last year I was confined to the bed
nearly all of the time and much of
the time unable to retain food of any
¦ort on my stomach. My bowels were
badly constipated continually and I lost
in weight from 165 pounds down to
eighty-eight pounds-
"When at the bottom of the ladder I
changed treatment entirely and started
in on Grape-Nuts and cream for nour-
ishment. I used absolutely nothing but
this for about three months. I slowly
improved until I got out of bed and
began to move about.
"I have been improving regularly
and now in the past two years have
been working about fifteen hours a day
in the store and never felt better in
my life.
••During- these two years I have never
missed a breakfast of Grape-Nuts and
cream, and often have it two meals a
clay, but the enlire breakfast is always
made of Grape-Nuta and cream alone.
"Since commencing the use of Grape-
ICuts I have nei-er used anything to
stimulate the action of the bowels* a
thing I had to do for years, but this
food keeps me regular and in fine shape
and I am gTowing stronger and heavier
every day.
Vigorous and Well Fed.
The Simple Dish That Keeps One
TUX NOON
GRAPE-NUTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
MATINEE SATURDAY.
'A mans love for his party Is like chills and
te v *r — it comes and goea. 1 "
Henry W. ?avajr<? Presents Geor»« Aia'a
Quaint Comedy Drama.
M COUNTY CHAIRMAN
Last Time Sunday Night.
' BSdXKNCCC" NEXT MONDAY
Charles B. DlUingbam Presents.
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In ths Clyde Fitch Comedy.
HER O"W2T "WAY
SEATS NOW READY.
PRICE3 $2. $150. $1 73<s, 80s
Special Matinee Thaaksgivlns; Day.
Thlnl V,'ttk of tho Musical Comedy Triumph
22 Messenger Boy
S-H3KING DODO
8pi.i»l TkinkjylTiag M»t KES3X9SXB BOT
Usual TItoII Prices— 23c. 50c. 73c
S*at» always selllss;. Reg. mat. Saturday.
SPECIAL- StHfDAT AWIBWOOS HOT 20ii
MME. PAU2HE TKAVCXSCA.
Ja Doaimtif I ||p| «
e»«t Opera - LltlA
Prices— 23c. COe. 73c, $1.
SEATS SELLING.
ALCAZAR "^-r
General Manager.
TO-^IOHT— AJ.Z, THIS WSSK.
"Compar«s with Nrsr York cast.— Chrenlelaw
•'Extraordinarily fln« performance."— Call.
"Played it as artists should." — Cxamlnar.
Clyd« Fitch's Powerful Play,
Ihe Climbers
Evji.. 25c to 73c. MaU. Sat A Suru, 23a to C03.
Tnanksglvin* wfl«*. NEXT MONDAY— Flrii
San Francisco Production
THE VILLAGE POSTMASTER*
The Best of Rustlo Comedies — 800 N!;his IS
Htw York. Five Years ia tha XuC
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street. Near E"gbth...PliOB* Seats 833
TO-2TIOHT— ALL TSXS WIZZ.
Tremendous Production of tha B«3t ot All
, Military Dramas.
Winchester
Sterlina* Story of Lov« and War.
ExcltioK Scenic Effects! Hilarious Comedy!
TBS MaiTABT BAZA!
THE YQXTStQ OXSX. SPY I
THE THRILLING BEDB TOB UTS!
PRICES— Ev«. 10c to 60c; Mats. lOo. 13c 23o.
Thanksgiving; Week. Nov. .21. First Produce
Con Her* of the Stupendous Melodrama
"QUEES OP TBS WHITE SX.AVTES."
Slffb-ClMfl Specialties "Every Afteraooa
and Evealasr In tha Theater.
TO-NIGHT—
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
Tee Reigfi!r.«r Sensation of Coney Island an4
the World's Fair.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLES.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 84
When Phoning Ask for Tha Chutes.
niSCCTJuAXEOPS AMPSmngfTa^
Grand Prize Carnival Ball !
| BAN FRANCISCO AERIE No. 5.
EAGLES
! SATURDAY EVENING. NOVEMBER 1». 1KM
1 MECHANICS* PAVIXJON.
: Prizes will be awarded for most original
j and best sustained cHaracter and haMiomest
I ccstumes.
• BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCIScTvs. PORTLAND
AT RECREATION PARK.
El«hth and Harrison sts.
TO-DAY ami all week days. 3 p. m.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance sale of aeats at 5 Stockton st.
i Weero GairSLOO oer Year
PRAGERS
There Will Be
"Something Doing 5 ' at Pragers
Don't Miss It.
Largest* Al^v J G re °t*
OtOre 11X3 T^ *
. .. KM 9 ALwavs reuablb |
w£ W MARKET&eTONFSSTS %££
ADVKIVHSOHjfoTS.
1 DURING OUR |j
REMOVAL SALE
We o'Ei sons ran iflisciments in greatly
itl&ced
.¦¦¦*¦ *J£^W
Upstairs, /<£> •
I .Rooms 7-ll, /^ v*\
fist. Kearny _
Tt \ &!>\i<*t\ik j
! tew Qnar- \ ( r »*!&i<»»w^<H> /
: ten to He \ ill A
• later. Xggy ' e>J^
1st f^fe^WHEN OUT
*^JMfi«y Y° u can ma k*
TQranr lu g moment
i -ji-gJa^ f 48^^ bracing beef tea
Wm^^J B with water heated on an
f^^fflxff alcohol lamp, and a
mnF?PDfl/'r^ Getthejtr
I II QIdiIIvVSI with this
UDII/UV signature In
Pfliarp DOlynr fail to
Id KltC 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
d\ fifl room, the EMPIRE
4 1IU parlor, <h«
r» « PALM ROOM, tha
ITfHfifl LOUIS XV PAR.
U1UIIU LOR. and the LA-
U J. 1 DIES' WRITING
r Hotels roqm -
1TT"I CT^V
EVERY BLADE WARRANTEDall three owned by •. Bob McGibben,
will be sold in the paddock on Satur
day next. ' "Butch"- Fisher v will : dis
pose of some horses at the same time.
WILL APPEAR IN JUVENILE COURT.—
J. Conklln and TI11U and Hattle Goldberg will
appear in the Juvenile Court to-day that Judge
Murasky may decide : whether - the children
should be . plactrd In charitable institutions or
allowed to remain. with. their parents. The So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
claims that the little cn«s are not given proper
care bv their relatives.
American Athlete Successful.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— At the Oxford
freshmen's sports to-day W. E. Schu
ett, the Rhodes scholar .of Cornell
University, last week's winner, of the
half and mile runs, .won the two-mile
run by fifteen yards. Time, 10 min
utes 24 3-5 seconds. ; *
L<atonla I lacing Results.
CINCINNATI. Nov.' 16.— Latonla racing re
¦ulti:
First race, . alx ' furlongs— Sam . Stevens won,
Florl second, Bernlce third. Time. 1:16.
Second race,' one mlle-iProfessor Neville won,
Vurro second, Otonetz third.' Time.' 1:41%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Captain
Sam won, Judge Traynor second. King Thorpe
third. Time. 1:08. . , :,- ',
-Fourth : race, . steeplechase, short course —
Charawlnd won, Thornhedge second, Myth
third... Time. 3:02. ..
'; Fifth ' race, . five furlongs — Krla , Lee won.
Pearl Hopkins second. . Fruit third./ Time, \l:O2:
-Blxth ; race, on« and a sixteenth miles — Elec
tlc won. Sara Craig second, The Regent third.
Time. 1:40.-
Will Play for Pool Championship.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 16. — Arrangements
have been completed for a match
game between Alfred de Oro. the pool
champion of the world, and Thomas
Question of St. Louis for the title now
held by De Oro. The conditions call
for 600 points, 200 to be played each
night, beginning Thanksgiving.
After making an investigation into
the story told by Arthur Kerr, a
plumber from San Mateo, that he had
been shot by a strange man at the end
of the Green-street wharf on Tuesday
night and had fallen. into the bay, De
tectives Dlnan and Wren report that
they believe Kerr attempted to commit
suicide, (and,, failing, concocted the
story of being fired at. C. H. Miller, a
watchman, saw Kerr walk alone -to the
end of , the wharf, saw him sit down,
light two matches and then Millar
heard a shot. He also heard Kerr
shouting for help and threw a .rope". to
him while -he was clinging to .one of
the piles. .
Kcrr's Story Not Credited.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16. — Ezra De
coto, graduate manager of the Asso
ciated Students of the University, of
California, left to-day for Washington
to arrange for the football game in
which the blue and gold will play at
Seattle on Thanksgiving day. "While
in the north Mr. Decoto will attempt
to secure the Lippy cup, which is in
the possession of the boat crew of the
Washington University. The cup was
donated by Mr. Lippy of Seattle, to be
held by the winning crew of the coast
universities which should compete for
it.' 5 The northern-university crew won
the first year and retained the trophy.
The University of^ California crew won
last -year, but has never been able to
secure the coveted cup.
The following members of the foot
ball, team have decided to "go to Seat
tle to play the University of Washing
ton; eleven on Thanksgiving day:
Stern, Kerr, Heitmuller, Force, Wlt
trelle, Howard, Haffey, Kern, Snedi
gar, Boynton. White, Mead, O'Toole^
Belknap, Stroud and Henry.
Berkeley Eleven to Go North.
INBOLYKNT TAILOR. — Harry Ijett. a tailor.
San FrancUKTO, filed a petition in Insolvency
yesterday. II* «w«« ITOS and has no aswts.
The football game between the elev
ens from, the Crocker and the Clement
Grammar schools resulted in an eaay
victory for the former yesterday aft
ernoon at the Presidio Athletic grounds.
Crocker made three touchdowns in the
first half and two In the second, while
Clement scored but once during the
game. Crocker failed at all five trials
at goal while Clement \ easily kicked
goal. The score was 25 to 6 in favor of
Crocker.
In the first half the Crocker boys
had things all their own way and
scored almost at will. Tobln, Crock
er's heavy left halfback, scored
two- touchdowns in the . first half
and one in the second. Solomon scored
the remaining points for Crocker.
In the second half Clement . played
better football and their opponents had
a much harder time gaining their
yards. After Crocker had scored once
in the second period Schage. Clement's
fullback, got the ball on a double pass
and scored a touchdown. It was th'e
cleverest play of the ¦ game.
The teams lined up^as follows: : .
Ciocker. Position. Clement.
FJerem I*. E. H l*«s
Brltner L. T. R Cunningham
Madden U Q- R ••••• Frlck
Eaton Center .Kelly
Simpson R. G. X. ............ .Straus
Harrows R. T. r. Mor*an
nerlin«T R. E. I. Isaacs
Wolf-Levlnson Quarter .... Braacovitch
Tobln....' I*. H. R Cnjtaz
Solomon R. H. T, Zenzo- McMillan
Gray Fullback Echage
Scot* — Crocker 25. Clement 6.
The knowing fight fans are confident
Young Corbett will be fit and ready
when he steps into the ring at.Wood
ward's Pavilion to. give. Battling Nel
son a good time on the 29th jnst. Cor
bett has settled down to work with a
determined air and is not overlooking
any points that might give him addi
tional-etrength. He feels he needs all
the vitality and hitting power he can
possibly accumulate when he meets
Nelson. He realizes that if he loses
this fight he will shine no more as a
star of the twenty-four- foot ring.
The Denverite keeps Billy Otts and
Henry Tuthill busy out at the Beach
tavern every day. He is doing all kinds
of stunts, from road running to bag
punching, and the superfluous, flesh Is
gradually being shed. It will take only
a matter of a few days. for the former
champion to make the weight. He an
ticipates a bruising fight and is fitting
himself for Just such a mixup.
Teddy Murphy, manager of Battling
Nelson, would like to match his boy
with Britt should Nelson be successful
In getting, rid of Cotbett. . Murphy in
slgts on 130 pounds at 6 o'clock. Brltt
is auoted as saying he will make that
weight no more, but if he sees a goodly
purse . in sight he may change >is
mind, Just as he did when he agreed
to" take on Mn Gans a few weeks ago.
Murphy has not yet j approached
Britt, but says he intends to see to the
matter shortly. "A. good many of the
sporting fraternity do not concede Nel
son a chance and say that Murphy ' is
ridding himself of a little excess con
versation.. Nelson is liable to. surprise
many and in case he does stow Cor
bett away he will surely be the man
for Britt to mix with. ,
A few bets have been made with
Corbett a 7 to 10 choice. The best
Judges of price think the .odds will
finally settle at 6 to 10.
Joseph Michaels was arrested on
K*»arny street yesterday by Policeman
Koegel and booked at the City Prison
en a charge of violating- the ordinance
against poolselling. He was released
en 150 cash bail. V
Acrowd PooLseller Arrested.
Football Eleven Easily De
feats the Representatives
of the Clement Grammar
Denverite Is Made a Strong
Public Choice Over Nelson
for Forthcoming Fight
GRAHAM LASTS ONE INNING.
Playing o Sensational Game.
Angels Defeat Oakland Decisively,
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 16. — A perfect
bombardment of doubles and singles,
daring base running and fast fielding
by the Angels contributed to the de
cisive defeat of Oakland to-day by the
score of 13 to 2. Graham went in to
pitch and lasted but one inning, four
runs being scored before the side
could be retired. Schmidt succeeded
Graham and fared even worse. Oscar
CROCKER TEAM
IS VICTORIOUS
BETTORS FAVOR
YOUNG CORBETT
Carlisle to Play Haskell Indians.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 16. — Arrangements
have been completed for a game of
football to be played in the Stadium
on the World's Fair grounds between
the Carlisle Indian Schol of Pennsyl
vania and the Haskell Indian School
of Kansas on the 26th inst. The date
set for the game is also that upon
which President Roosevelt will rlslt
the fair and it Is expected he will at
tend. *It will be the first Urns that
the apjidlron" representatives of the two
Government Indian schools have met.
As they are equally matched as re
gards weight and playing ability, the
game should be interesting* .
nEALTH OFFICER RAOAN K35TTJRN»«_
Health Officer Ra*»n returnad yestenS*r attar
a six weeks' trip to Eastern dtlaa. wh«r» h«
studied the sanitary conditions with a. vlaw to
suK^i-stlng Improvements in local health af
fairs. .,•
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov.
16. — Despite reports to the contrary,
the Stanford University football team
will start for Denver next Sunday,
where they will play Colorado on
Thanksgiving afternoon. Because of
the condition of some of the men
Coach Lanagan dld^not desire to make
the trip, but Treasurer Barrett could
not cancel the game, as Colorado had
already gone great expense. Roose
velt, right guard, will probably be the
only -player who will not make the
trip with the team. His place will be
ta~ken by Van Sickle, who is nearly
Roosevelt's equal as a line smasher.
The others who will probably go are
Clark,,, left end; Sprott, left tackle;
Thompson, left guard; Hyde, center;
Van Sickle, right guard; Shiels, right
tackle; West, right end; Bansbach,
quarter; Dole, left half; Chalmers,
right half; Weller, fullback; Stott,
Brennan, Trowbridge, Smith, Butter
field and Horton, tac&les, substitutes.
Stanford Team Leaves Here on San
day and Plays at Denver on
Thanksgiving Day.
CARDINAL WILL MEET
THE COLORADO ELEVEN"
The. loss of the steamship Minneola
on September 5 was the subject of an
investigation yesterday . by United
States Local Inspectors Captains O. F.
DoIIes and John K. Bulger.
The testimony of Captain Alexander
Ivirkwood. master. John B. Rohan,
chief mat*', and members of the crew
Mas 'substantially the same. They said
that the steamship was on the way
from Tigel. Kamchatka, to Gashegral,
Siberia, and struck in four fathoms of
water. She immediately sprang a leak,
which soon outstripped the pumps,
end the crew was put off in the life
boats by the launch to Tigrel Bay,
where they were cared for by the
Mayor and other authorities. On Sep
tember 29 they were taken on board
the Rritish gunboat Algerine and con
veyed to Hakodate, Japan, and after
ward to this port by the steamship
Manchuria. The inspectors took the
oase under advisement. !
Officers and Crew Tell How the Steam
ship (Grounded Near Tigcl, on
the Coast of Kamchatka.
1OSS OF MINXEOLA
IXDKK INVESTIGATION
Whole Team Is Demdrallzed When
"Happy" Hogan Hurts His Hand.
FRESNO. Nov. 16. — Tacoma was
everything but herself to-day. Almost
every man held down another man's
Job. This resulted from an Injury to
Catcher Hogan's hand in the fourth
inning. Hogan went out and Casey
was shoved behind the bat. Casey
could' not hold Overall, so Ovie went
to center field and Lynch traveled to
pitcher's place. Thomas was sent to
right field and Doyle came In to sec
ond base. Seattle's heavy hitters
smashed Lynch. Their hits, coupled
with errors by the twisted team got
Seattle five runs. Hall pitched gilt
edge ball, allowing only four hits. A
feature of the game was a sensational
catch of a fly by Van Haltren. He
threw out his mit after a fast run
and nipped what looked "like a beau
tiful hit. Score:
Seattle — , Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P.A. j AB.R. II. P.A.
VanH.cf 3 0 0 10 Doyle.rf,
Mohlr,2b 5 0 0 4 3 cf 2b. 30022
Delhy.ab 4 0 0 3 0 Shehn.Ub 2 i> 1 12
Frlsk.lf.. 2 0 0 4 0 C.«y.2b.e 4 O 1 •> 4
Leahy.c. :! 1 1 t; 1 Nrdyk.lb 4 0 O 15 0
Smlth.cf. 4 13 2 0 Lch.cf.p 3 O 0 0 2
Frmn.lb 4 1 •> t; l Ra.ym*r.s 3 » 1 2 S
K. Hall. a. 4 2 2 O 4 Mclffn.lf 2 <> «> 1 «
C.Hall.p. 3 0 0 12 Hogan.c. 2 O O 3 1
Thmas.rf 2 0 O 3 1
Totals 32 6 6 27 11 Ovrl.p.cf 4 t) 1 0 4
I Totals 20 0 4 27 21
ItUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle O 2 O O 2 OO 1 0-—.1
Base hits 0 0 O O 2 2 O 1 1 — tt
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 O « 0 0 — »>
Base hits 1 110 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Smith. R. Hall. Error* —
Sheehan 2. Doyle. Kaymer. Overall. Sacrifice
hits — Van Haltren. C Hall. Innlnn pitched —
By Overall 5. by Lynch 4. Hits — Off overall
2. off Lynch 4. Struck out — Hy overall 3 by
C. Hall 4. Bases on balla — Off Overall l' off
Lynch 3, off Hall 6. Wild pitch — Hall. " Hit
by pitcher — McLaughlin. DouMe plays — fO
Hall to Mohler to Freeman; Raymer to Doyl«
to Xordyke. Left on bases — Seattle 6, Ta
coma 9. Passed ball — Hogran. Time of game-
One hou r and 45 minutes. Umpire — Perrlse.
TIGERS BECOME TANGIdSD TTF.
The suits of James S. McCue and
Mrs. Catherine Hall against the
steamer Sausalito for damages alleged
tc have been sustained on November
SO, 1901. when the steamer San Rafael
was sunk in a collision with the Sausa
llto In the bay near Alcatraz Island,
were on trial yesterday in the United
States District Court. Mrs. Hall and
her minor children are suing for
JBO.OOO damages for the death of the
husband and father, Alexander Hall.
McCue asks for $300,000 damages. He
recites in his complaint, that he was
sitting at a table in the cabin on the
San Rafael when the bow of the
Sausalito broke in upon him,' hurling
him several feet against a glass door.
He enumerates his injuries thus: Right
arm half cut ofT. bones broken in his
right hand and wrist, lower jaw
broken, portion of his left ear cut off
and his body severely lacerated and
bruised. •
He testified that three years prior
to the accident he had made a profit
of J50.000 on certain mining ventures
at Nome, Alaska, but that since that
t : me. by reason of his injuries, he had
not been able to make any more, but
had expended J IS, 000 for medical and
other expenses. .
The trial will be resumed this morn
ing.
boat Collision.
Asks for $300,000 to Compensate Him
for Injuries Received In Steam-
McCUE'S SUIT FOR KIG
DAMAGES IS OX TRIAL
Sixteen books cut in. an increase of
three over the first drawing. The new
comers were Frank Bain, Billy lla
grane and Frank Dever.
..W. Davis, who had the mount on
Military'Man, was fined $25 for rough
riding. As the field left the barrier in
the fifth race he bumped Honlton,
spoiling her chances.
A carload of turfmen will arrive
here on Sunday. In the. party are C.
H. Pettengill, associate judge at Oak
land; Joe Rose, Bill Jackman, I. Rose,
Al Morrissey, Charley - Norris, Ed
Merwin, Bob Fleming, Harry Spring
er, Joe McGee, Owen ¦ Thorne, Henry
Merriwether. Phil Howell, iS. Ham-''
merslough and Hildebrand, the
jockey.
Toupee, Phaon and a two-year-old,
Herbert, who was considered the
peer of all the "jungle" riders, pilot
ed two winners. Any small meeting
is now referred to by habitues of the
race course as being in the jungles.
W. Davis is beating- around the bush
all the while, but is still. in the maiden
class out here. The**youngster handles
a horse nicely and it won't be long be
fore he will land one in the circle be
fore tne Judges' stand.
Oronte. which* ran into the show in
the third event, acted badly, at the
post and was placed on the schooling
list by Starter^ Dwyer.
Herbert scored his second win of
the afternoon on Canejo, favorite for
the closing selection. The mare met
an ordinary consignment and, after
shaking' off Gaucho. disposed of Ma
jor Tenny without much effort. Show
honors fell to Melsterslngef.
TRACK NOTES.
Bard Burns was always a useful
horse in umbrella time, and he turned
the trick cleverly in the six furlong
sprint, third to be decided. Cousin
Carrie was installed favorite, but she
prefers dry going, and, while, display
ing some speed, obtained nothing. J.
T. Sheehan. astride ...Bard Burns,
which ma^re finally closed about equal
choice with Carrie, early picked up
the running, and never caused much
uneasiness for the chestnut horse's
backers. Dr. Sherman, a 20 to 1
shot, with McBride up. took the place
from Oronte by a nose. Flaneur, a
well played one, was slow to set in
motion or he might have won*.
Looking like a well-groomed 1 to 2
chance, the ring laid as good as 11 to
to 10 about Charley "Henshall's Ish
lana in the betting on the seven fur
long selling number. The filly out
classed her field shoes to plates, and
scampered home by herself. W.
Davis brought Briers, an 8 to 1 shot,
up from the rear, headinjr out North
West for the place. Dungannon
came in for string support, but ran
disappointingly.
Perhaps the track was not just to
the liking of Stroller, for it was heavy,
while the Chicago gelding has shown
a penchant for a sloppy footing. How
ever, he was not the only favorite to
go by the board, for Honlton and Lady
Atheling kept him company. An in
creased number of bookmakers laid
odds, and unusual activity was ap
parent in the betting ring.
After his defeat of Honiton the lay
ers will probably show more respect
to Andrew B. Cook. The pair men
tioned, together with four lesser lights,
met in a five furlong scramble. Honl
ton had the call at even money. Cook
was first quoted at fours, which price
gradually fell to 12 to 5. The favorite
met with ill luck at the start, being
bumped, which gave Cook an oppor
tunity to sneak away. At the end Hon
iton was pressing the leader, but could
not overhaul him, and the "bush
cyclone" got the decision by more than
a length. Garnet Ferguson's Military
Man ran an excellent third.
Jockey Joe Jones had the mount
on Lady Atheling, favorite " for the
opening event, but he could not un
load the mare among the first three.
Molta. which was passed around as
an all-right piece of calico, led into
the stretch, but failed to last, finishing
third. The winner turned up in Con
ger, a 30* to 1 shot, with Herbert in
the pilot house, which beat Black
thorn out a length. Away better
Karabel could have won.
ISILLAXA SHOWS CLu\SS.
Stroller was bumped at the start, but
recovered quickly and when a quarter
had been left behind showed a neck
in front of Bombardier. There Mich
aels, riding the latter, bade farewell to
Dominick, and Bombardier went on and
won in Pretty Polly style. The favorite
had to be kicked out to secure the
place from Grafter, by a quarter of a
dozen lengths.
TRACK IS HEAVY.
Wally Brinkworth's Stroller caused
mourning in many a camp at Oakland
track yesterday when he finished sec
ond to Bombardier in the mile handi
cap. It looked as if the Chicago mud
lark, if he lived up to his reputation,
might have a sociable time df it, for
there were only four starters.
He was asked to carry 112 pounds,
but this did not feaze his admirers, for
they unloaded at 4 to 5 and 7 to 10.
Bombardier, a disappointment in the
opening handicap, was invited to par
ticipate with 104 pounds— which he did.
Grafter and Past Knight completed the
quartet.
BY FRED E. MULHOLJLAXD.
AndrewB.CoOnTakes
the Fast Honiton
Into Camp,
MEMPHIS, Nov: 16.— Weather and
track conditions were almost perfect
to-<Jay. but Lou Dillon failed to equal
her world's record of 2:01, made last
Friday, trotting the unpaced mile In
l:01\i. Time by quarters— :30*i. :W\,
l-.iiVx. 2:01%. Trainer Mlllard Sanders,
after to-day's tfforts, said that in his
opinion the mare needed more work.
He announced nhe *k-ould staxt again
to-morrow a&alnst 2:01.
ISBLANA WINS EASILY
"When Jimmy Whalen and Ham Ibers
Bet real eaasy and decide to mix it
something is bound to be pulled off.
For years they were pals and perform
ed cm the same team. Now they are
enemies and each likes to hand it out
to the other. They" hooked up at
Recreation Park yesterday and battled
and battled, with the glory evenly di
vided till the eighth spasm, when the
Seals plucked a run and nelped Jimmy
triumph over Ham. Score: San Fran
cisco 1, Portland 0.
Just an hour and nineteen minutes
were whisked off from the time Wha
len tossed the first ball over the pan
until Runkle made the final out by
flying to Waldron. Into those seventy
nine minutes we're crowded flashes of
the best and fastest baseball the
fans nave feasted their eyes on in
many moons. No one erred and every
star on the rival teams was doing his
best to outshine his neighbor.
The run the Seals gathered«-tlurinK
the eighth round was an earned one
and worthy of their efforts. Whalen
had been retired when Hildebrand sin
gled out to the right garden. Meany
followed with a clever drive nearly to
the Scoreboard, pending Hildebrand
around to third. Cap Irwln picked out
a fast one and sent it right through the
infield, giving Hllde ample time to
score the only one for the day. Meany
was advanced to third on the play. A
moment later he was frozen at the
plate while trying to pull off a double
steal in company with Irwln.
The Brownies had a chance in the
seventh, but bad Judgment cost them a
run and possibly the game. Runkle
opened it up with -a smashing two
bagger to deep left and Shay singled
directly over second. Runkle started
for the pan and then changed his mind,
hesitating while a few feet from the
bag. Shay in the meantime was tear
ing into second, while Whalen had the
ball. Runkle was slightly rattled and
Whalen even more so. Finally Runkle
made up his mind to run and Whalen
at about the same time decided to
throw the ball to the plaie, where Run
kle was an easy out. >
Shay did some startling work at
short, as did Spencer ana Anderson at
second. Both pitchers excelled their
usual stunts in the box and the game
was almost a perfect one to gaxe upon.
Walter Christie again used the indica
tor and did his work well. The score*
San Francisco — "I Portland — ¦
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Hldbd If 3 1 15 0 Drnan. cf 3 O O 4 0
Meany.rt 4 0 12 1 Mrdek. rf 4. 0 0 0 0
Irwln. 3b 4 0 11 1 Rnkle. 3b 4 0 10 3
VnBu lb 3 0 1 9 0 Beck, lb 3 0 1 13 0
Waldn.cf 3 0 1 0 0 Shay, s 2 0 1 1 5
Andsn.2b 3 0 0 12 Spncr. 2b S 0 0 0 4
Gochnr.a 2 0 0 3 3 Nadu. If S 0 O 1 0
Gorton.c .1 O O 4 0 Kallky. c 2 O O 8 1
"Whaln, p 3 0 0 2 5 Iberg. p 3 O 1 0 1
Totals.2? 1 5 27 12 Totals.27 0 4 24 14 ;
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 00000-000—0
Bail hit. 010001200-4
San Francisco ..OOOOOOOlx— 1
Base hlte 0 1 O 0 0 0 1 3 x — B
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Hildebrand. Meany, Irwin,
Waldron. Van Buren. Two-base hit— Runkle^
Flnrt base on called balls— Off Whalen 2. oft
Iberg 3. Left on bases— San Francisco «, Port
land 3. Struck out— By Whalen 2. by Iberg
3. Double plays — Whalen to Van Buren (2).
Time of game — One hour and 19 minutes.
Viaplre — Christie. /
First race — Sea Voyage, Velna,
Second race— Cloche d'Or, Bronxe
Wing, Albcmarlc.
Third race — Head Dance, Bob Ra
gon, 3Iogregor.
Fourth race — Galanthns, Lady
Kent, Brcnnus. .
Fifth race — \V. R. Condon, Ocyrohe.
Sol Llchtenstein. -
Sixth race— Colonel Van, Flying
Torpedo, Elliott.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Five furlongs; two-year-old
fillies; purse:
"408 MUpah (Summers) 103
7408 Maid of Fermoy (Fox) IW
7408 Mistress of Rolls (Healey) HU
G73B Velna (Van Gorden) 106
.... Macene (Gzell) ......103
(7417)Sea Voya«e (Miller) 110
VCS2 Willa (Masrane) 110
MllOnondulum (Murray) '...'...... .103
5805 Lily Goldlng (Collins) 100
7408 Babow (Fersuson) '. 103
Second race — Futurity course; three-year
olds and up; selling: . - - ' .
7305 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 108
7386 Tuck Back (Ross) ....;....¦..•... 113
5189 BUI* -Young- (Wilson) :109
B731 •Viporoeo (Appleby) 101
4U<2 Delsegno (McNames) 105
73U8 Qaeen Fay (Murray) '. 102
7340 Albemarle (Quintan) 113
7387 Skip Me (Madison) 100
5407 Boca (Burger) 102
(5416)«Bronze.Wing (Fountain) 101
(7407)»Cloche d'Or (Coffey) 10S
7380 •Florlnel II (Frawley) 101
Third race — Five ajid a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling:
C«34 »Del Carina (Smith) 08
«73« 'Mogregor (Blanch! & Co.) 101
7409 Sol Llchtensteln (Madison) 107
(1808 Herthus (Gilbert) 103
7153 Bill Short ' (Magrane) 102
740S 'Anita Knight (Spratt) »*
7304 'Lena Leford (Davis) 98
6730 Gallant CaAsie (Miller) 0 •
.... »Fay Templeton (Dodge) s»0
.... Bearskin (McAlester) 108
7411 Head Dance (El Prlmero Stable).... 106
Fourth race — One mile, three-year-olds and
up, celling.
6<il8 »Bab (Cahill) 00
7413 Brennus (Judge) 09
7418 *Isabelltta (McNaroara) 09
7413 Achilles (McCtbe) 102
7415 •Oiilamhus (Coffey) 1)9
727« 'Mr. Dingle (Fountain) 1 87
7424 Constable (Stockton Stable) 00
(73O4)La<ly Kent (Wellman) 90
7413 •riilurian (Lamasney Bros.) 94
7420 •Peniance (Stover). 94
race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
ur>, selling.
7305 'Light Braid (Kevins) 100
7405 »Nonle (Garden City Stable) 104.
J731O)E1 Plloto (Hoag) 107
)74OO Sol Llchtensteln (Madison) 107
W. R. Condon (Ezell) 112
7402 "Ocyrohe (Coffey) 10.V
0045 »The Mighty (Ferguson) 108
6C14 'Reeves (Lamaaney Bros.) 105
Sixth race — One mile and 100 yards, three
yrar-olds and up, selling.
7410 Elliott (Daly) 116
740« 'Colonel Van (Fountain) 103
7»4» 'Anrll (Murray) 93
7410 Flying Torpedo (Kzell) 110
7418 'Ink (Lamasney Bros.) 110
'Apprentice allowance.
W. L. Pet. "W- I- P* 1 -
Los Angeles. 54 41 .56* Seattle 48 62 -4M>
Oakland 57 41 .301 Kan Fran. .-43 51 .4tft»
Tacoma 57 41 .364 Portland ...35 64 .»j4
Driver Millard Sanders Will
Give Her Additional Work
in the Trials for Honors
BY FRED E. MULHOLIiAND.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Jones pitched in fine form for {he lo
cals and held Oakland down to two
runs. Chance got his eyes on the ball
for the first time to-day and made
four hits, two of them being doubles.
Score:
Lcs Angeles— I Oakland—
AB.R. H, P.A.f AB.R. H. P. A.
Bernrd.cf 4 2 2 5 0 Ganlr.rf 5 0 0 2 1
Flood, 2b 4 2 2 1 2 FTnk8.s» S 0 0 2 'i
8mlth.3b 5 2 2 2 CDunlvy.lf 4 12 2 0
Chance.c 5 3 4* OSchfly,2b 3 1 3 1 ;5
Cravth.rf 5 13 1 0 Kruger.cf 4 0 0 3 0
Chase. If 5 1 1. 4 O 3trelh.lb 3 O 1 7 1
Brashr.lb 3 12 5 0! Devrx,3b 4 O Z 2 1
Toman.ss 2 10 0 O: Stark, c 3 O O 4 2
Jones p 3 0 0 O ZSchmdt.p 4 0 0 12
Grahm.p 0 0 0 0 1
Totals 36 13 10*2(1 4 t
I Totals 33 2 8 24 13
•Schmidt out. hit by # batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BT IN-NINCSS.
Lou Angeles 4 O 24 0 2 1 <V x — 13
Bain, hits 4 0 2 4 1 3 1 1 X — 16
Oakland 0 0 0 0 O 2 OO 0—2
Base hits 020203 1OO— »
SUMMARY.
Stolen basest — Devereaux. Bernard (2). CWt
vath (2). Smith. Chaae. Toman. Eirors —
Francks (2> Devereaux. Cravath. Krug«r.
Hits — Off Graham 4. oft Schmidt 12. Throe
base hit — Cliance. Two-base hlt» — Cra,vath (2>.
Smith. Ohanca (2). Sacrifice hits^ — Flood.
Jones. First base on errors — Ixm Angeles 1.
L«ft on bases— L03 Ang-les 6. Oakland 8.
Bases on balls— Oft Graham 2. off Schmidt 2.
off Jones 3. Struck out— By Jones 8. by
Schmidt 3. Wild pitcli — Schmidt. Time. 1:53.
Umpires — McDonald and Brown.
WHALEN KEEPS BROWNS GUESSING
NEEDS SEVERE TRAINING
OAKLAND, Wednesday. Nov. 16. — "Weather haxjr. Track muddy.
74 1». FIItST RACE— Six furlonga; 3-year-olds and up; telling; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. fWtlSt. %. V,. %. 8tr. Pin. I Jockey. Op- cl 
7168 IConsr<T. 4 (J. 3. Ellerd).. . . .. »7 2 ... 5 2 . Sh 13 11 |Herbert ... *3 3 2
(HS7 lBlackthorn. 5 (C. P. Fink).. 1OB 3 ... 2 1 2 1V42 % 2 1 U.T.Sheehan « "
CXKi iMoloto. 4 (H. L. Shannon)... 102 B ... 1 M, 1 2 3 V, 3 ns |\V. Knapp.. 3 B
7402 !L. Athellng. .1 (McLauphlln). I f>8 « ... 3 1 &4 4 4 »$ 4 2 |J. Jonen. . . 8-2 14-5
(732n)|KarabeI. a (Bottger & H.)... 1104 11 ... 10 4 8 2 « 3 5 l%!McLaugh!n « 23-5
7:»>t) Box Klder. 3 (J. J. Moran)... 100 7 ... « h 0 3 B h 6 amMoran 20 M>
7300 iMyrtle H. 5 (Mm. Hertxel)... lOSflO ... 7»*74 8272 iHuffman .. 15 20
5S42 ,'IJb Candid. 3 (Apploby k Co.) 03 1 0 ... 4. S 5 1 «T «J (i 2 |f. Sullivan 10 15
7.-.+V lMo*keto, 5 <G. Stroftel) 102*4 ... 11 10 Vs 0 2 0 h |Kun* 6 . J
74O7 jvulcaln, a (U H. Ktell) 1051 8 . . . , 1) n 9 fclO 3 10 5 JBarrett 20 50
0002 IShorty Kane, 3 (McCarthy). 100J 1 ... S 3 11 11 11 |McBrtde ... 30 0°
Time— :2.\ :5O>4. 1:1"W. At post 4 minute*. Off at 2:15^. Conner. plae«\ 12: show, 4.
Wackthorn. place 5-2; nhow. 0-B. Molto, phow. 1. Winner, br. r. by Foul Shot-Vlna*
P. Trained by J. .1. Elierd. . ScratchiMl— CrUll. Start good. Won cleverly. Balance
drlvlnK hard. Conger Is like a century P'» nt - which bloomg even* once In a while. Black
thorn will Improve. Molto jrrew very tired and bore out. Lady Atliellmr hurtled - too
much. Away better. Karabel would have walked In. Myrtle H and^Moeketo in a Jam
at the start, latter going to his knees. __^^».
74SO. SECOND RACE — 7 furlongs; miles and marea 3 years old up; selling;; val. to first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtl8t. H. H. %. Btr. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
7405 Ii«hlana. .1 (C. T. Hen«haIl)...|10l| 5 15 IB 15 IB 16 IKunz .....I 4-5 4-5
).... Briers. 4 (H. E. Rowcill |101l 7 7 1 K h 5h 44 2 h |W. Davis.. « 8
7402 (North Weft 3 (J. F. Clifford)! 04 C f. 1 4 1^4 \U,2 n 3 ns |R. Butler.. « 12
(WflK) | Allopath. 5 (Laroasney Brca.)ll07 1 2 H 2 n 2 1%3 14 4 4 tHelirewwi .. * H>
74<n inunsrannon. 3 (Kneb^lkamp).!lO2! 3 4 U 6 2 02 0354 |McBrMe ,. So
raftO lAnlrarl. 3 (Mr*. J. Coffpy) |101| 2 3 1%3 1^3 1.4 5 2 0 A iFltxpatrick « 13
740.1 I Pen ranee. 4 <H. Stover) ! 0*14 5n76 75 76 76 (Herbert ... SO 30
7415 IMonla. 4 (L. H. ExeH)... - ... i |103| 3 8 8 S 8 8 IBarrctt ... 30 °°
Time— :2». :30Vi. 1:16. 1:2». ¦ At post 3'4 minutes. Off at 2:40S. Ighlana, place. 2-5: show.
1-r>. Brier*, place. 3: show. 0-5. North West. *how. 2. Winner, br. f. by St. Gatlen-
Darien. Trained by E. Wrlsrht. Start jrood. Won In a r<vllop. Next three driving hard.
Ishlann performed like a virtuoso. Brier* cftme from the back row and llkefl mud. North
West should have been second. Allopath only tired the last 1 fifty yards. Dungannon a
s poor weight packer. Anlrad not over the e ffects of her vacation. '
7421. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; selling; thre*-year-olds and up: value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. M. %. %. Str. Fin. ! Jockey. I Op. J?K
6fti!» |Bard Burnn. C (F. O'Rourke). .1105! 3 ... 12 1 1VJI l'^l mtJ.T.Sheehan! 4 4
7347 !l>r. Bherroan. 6 fS. Hoppa»)1100| 8 ... 5 n 4 % 4 14 2 n* IMcBrlde .. 1» I s
7*O!> lOronte. 4 (Piedmont Stable*). II no! B 7 2»46 1 a ij J Jj |J. Kelly .. « 9
6711 iFTjineur. 0 (Blanch! & McG). I 07! 1 ... » 0. 5 2 4-«i IF. Sullivan 5 0-2
OT&a |r- O usln Carrie. 6 (Gaylord Co. 102 4 ... 3 1H2 n 2 2 A 2H|W. Knapp . 2 4
7347 lErtado. , 0 (C. F. Tanner).. 1O« fl ... 8 3 8 1 8 4 fl lVJIHeljresen . 2O *0
7369 I Dotterel. 4 (W. H. Lynch). 105 7 .". . 4h 7.VJ7 2 7 2 ICmwwalte 6 8
7412 tMlmo. 4 (P. Sheridan) 101 2 ... 2 ty 3 2 6 2 « 6 lFlt*ptrck . 0 5
7340 [Step Around. 4 (Mrs. Boyle). 110 B ... 6%'B%9 8 JHolbrook . 20 30
i Time-^-:25. :5O»4. 1:17. At post. 7 minutes. Off at 3:11' Burns, place. 3-2: *how. 7-10.
Sherman, plare, S: • show. 4. Oronte, phow, S-2. Winner, ch. h. by Matt Byrnes-
Bar Maid. Trained by A. C. Rldey. Scratched — Bronze 'W'lne. Lurene. Bell Reed.
Start rood. Won easily. Balance drlvinsr. Tho Bard always had "a fawney" for the
beastly going. Dr. Sherman a good. che«i> mudder. Oronte. did not havo clear sailing
any nart of It or he would have won. .Flaneur started when he got ready.. But for
this fe*llnz of ennui he could have scored. fousln Carrie better on a dry track.
Dotterel was bothered and quit early, 80 did Mlmo,
7422. FOl'RTH RACE— One mile: handicap: all ages; value to first. $500.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U. %. K. Etr. Fin. I Jockey. • Op. CK
7404 (Bombardier, 3 (F. Skinner). 11041 1 2 5 Ihl2 1416 |H. Michaels 6-5 8-5
'Stroller, 4 (Brlnkworth Co).!ll3! 4 lh 2 10 2 15 28 23 iDomlnlck . 4-5 7-10
R744 drafter. 6 <Bla*!ngame Bros)llOSI 2 8 1 3 3 8 7 3 10 3 7 ]Cro«swalte 8 17
CC20 !Last Knight. 6 (Lmney nros.).|10fi| 3 .4 . ,4 4 4 4 JHelgesen.. 10 17
Time — :2.%^i. :50, 1:15>^. 1:43^. At post U minute. Off at 3:30 V*. Bombardier, place.
1-3: out show. Stroller, place. 1-4; out sh'-.w. OntftT. show. 1-2. Winner, b. g. by
Maxlo-MIiMIe Dwyer. Trained by E. J. Rams»y. Start Rood. Won pulling: up. S«c
on«1 nn'l third easily. Bombardier won with the *a.m<« ease, that a Stockton slouch
mosquito does u Cakewalk on a tule stalk. Stroller not a good weight packer. Grafter
may Improve some. Knight can beat tatr ones all right.
742.1. FIFTH RACK— Five furlongs; purs«; three-year-olda and up; v»lue to first. $325.
Index! Worse and Owner. iWtlSt. K. %. 94. Str. FlinTf^ Jockey. \ 6x>. Ch
rMOBVA; B. Cook, 3 (Stnfld 4: Ellls)llft5| 4 ... 13 13 13 1 1%U. T. Shehn 4~12-5
(eWfl>lHonlton. 4 (P. Ryan) |1O» 2 ... 2 1 2n 2 >J'2 3 |W. Knapp.. 1 1
«(52r. iMilltary Man. 3 (Ferr"»on). .11021 3 ... 3 <V;. 3 4 «H 3 4 IW. Davis.. B 10
(7«n>)'Albula. 0 (Lamasney Bros.) . .11171 1 ... B 1 U5 5 42 4 Hi'HelKesen .tl « lf»
7317 IMlsty'R Trlde. 4 (S. J.Jones).. U07I B ... 4 1^4 4 B 15 S 25 I J. Jones.,. . (\ 1G
7390|Hurrah III. 6 (King & Co.)..[106J 5 ... 6 CO 6 |Bell ....... 60 100
Time— :23H. :4A?i. 1:01%: At j>ost 4 minutes. Off at 4:01*4. Cook, place. 11-20; out show.
Honlton. place. 1-2: out show. Man. show. 4-3." Winner, b. c. by Brutus- All Smoke.
Trained by W. I-. Stanfleld. Scratched — Redan. Bslladona. Kcnilworth, W. R. Condon.
Adirondack. Start good. Won all driving. It was I.'ke breaking clay pigeons with a
howitzer for Cook to mush it through the goln*r. Honlton badly bumpfd at start by Mil
itary Man or there mlffht have been another chapter to relate. Latter will distinguish
himself sure In next engagement. Too much weight lor Albula. Misty' n Pride win ira
prove.^^^^^^^^^^^_^_^^^^^^^ •
7424,^£IXTH RACE — One mile; selling; thrte-year-olds and up; value to flr«t, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. \j . H- ?»• Str. Fln.t Jockey.* I Op. Cl.
(7410)!Cancjo. a (F. Holman) 1102' S 2 h 1 n 1 n 1 1^1 H iHcrbert ... 7-5 * 3-2
741O IMaJor Tenny, 5 (Piedmont Stb) 1O2I. 7 « % 3 h 2 l%2 3 2 3V4[J. Kelly £ fl T
7tlS -Melsterslnger. 5 (Wright) 110 5 4 1#4 h 4 3 3*4 37 Kunx 2 13-5
R35«? i Ethel O, 3 (E. Belmont) W .1 J 3 2 2 J H 4 2 4 H McLaughn 60 75
7M7 'Gaucho. 3 (Garden City Stb)!lf>2 1 1 n fl 4_ B * t 5 3 B *; T. Clark... 20 80
7100 IF. Grandpa. 3 (Mrs. Coffey)..(lOl 4 8 Ctf CO «B 68 Fltxpatrlclc 6 7
(T7.'t8 IConstable. 5 (Stockton Stables) 107 6 5h73 78 7 15 7 15 Bell 20 12
72C7 1 Prince Blazes, a (Baird Co.)..|lQ7 2 7 % 8 8 8 8 \Vf. Knapp.. 20 20
Time— :2.%'4. :»1>4. 1:17. 1:45>4. At post >4 minute. Off at 4:22%. Cane jo, place. 3-6; «how.
1-3. Tenny, place. 6-2; show, C-S. Meisterslnrer, show. 2-5. Winner, ch. m. by Royal
Flush -I.-aily Emma. Trained by F. Holman.. Start gooj. Won' In a hard drive of three.
Can*jo at all time* looked a winner. With* stronger handling Major Tenny might have
reversed the verdict, j Eth»l O had speed. Foxy Grandpa may fool the boys again next
time out. Constable no speed.
Chicago Mud-Lark
Outfooted From
the Jump.
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE BEST
IN THE RACES
Lou Dillon Makes Another
Unsuccessful Attack on
the Unpaced Mile Mark
Seals Bunch Three Hits on
.Iberg in the Eighth.
SAX FKAXCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
ONE RUN SETTLES GAME
FAILS TO EQUAL
FORMER RECORD
BOMBARDIER LEADS OUT STROLLER
IN HANDICAP AT OAKLAND TRACK
ANGELS TAKE LEAD IN BASEBALL PENNANT RACE FROM TWO RIVAL TEAMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. THURSDAY, .NOVEMBER 17, 1904.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BHHnHBnHSBEffiBEHansBHHn»BHnnHnaHSSHnannaxraniis
[FREE TO MEN!
a A BOOK FULL OF FACTS ABOUT
§ Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt for Weak Men
m I KNOW THAT NO MAN REMAINS A WEAKXJNO BECAUSE HE WANTS
B TO: I am sure that you want to overcome every Indication of early d*cay that has
S shown Itself on yoa. I don't think the man lives who would not Ilka to feel aa big
B and strong as a SanJow. and I know that If you have a reasonable foundation to
R build upon I can make you a bigger man t£an you ever hoped to be. I want you
B to know that, you who can"t believe it. and I want you to have my book, in which
,1 describe how I learned that manly strength was only electricity and how I learned
to restore it: also I want to tell you the "names of some men who will tell yoa that
B when th«y carat to m» they were physical wrecks and an now among the flaast
H specimens of physical manhood^
£S - . " : ¦ " MKNLO PARK. Cal.
H DR. M. C. McLAUGHLJN— Dear Sir: After my long and fruitless search for r*-
¦ Hef, I assure you that 1 have been very asTeeably surprised at th« results of the
BK»* of your Belt. I did cot expect such a speedy cure, for I have been 1 wearing
tha Belt bartly two months, and I am not only relieved of all the pain my rh»uma-
m tlrm gava me. but am feellnp young attain. I sincerely hope that every human
m being will discover your tr»atm«nt as 1 did. before It is too late. Tours very truly
g ... • DANIEL FAHNESTOCK.
H I want you to read this book and learn the troth about my arguments. If you
Rare, not as .vigorous as you would llk< to be. .if you have rheumatic pains, weak
kidneys, loss of vitality, prostatlc troubles, nervous ape!!*, varicocele or any aliment
m of that kind that unmans you. It would «s«vre you future bapplncrs if you would
S loo* Into this method of mine. Don't delay it. your best days ar» slipping by. If you
w want this book I send it closely sealed, free, if you eend this ad. Call for fre* eon-
- 81 sultatlon. *
¦ np m c —Mclaughlin *>ogma»xxt bt.. *!*>?• ma.
n LHv. !»»• v. nvLL,nv>u i '"«^i sax rsAxrcxsco. gas.
M Office Hours — S a. m. to 8 p. ra.;- Sundays. 10 to 1.
lBBMBaaHUn ¦¦HIlUllllIllUllllllllllUll
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Holly Spring 8 , Miss., March 24, 1903.
' While building railroads in Tennessee
some twelve years ago a number of hands
contracted fever and various forms of
blood and skin diseases. I carried S. S. S.
in tn j commissary and gave it to my hands
with most gratifying results. I can recom-
mend S. S. S. as the finest preparation for
Malaria, chills and fever, as well as all
blood and skin diseases. W.I. McGowan.
I suffered greatly from Boils, which
would break out on different parts of my
body. I saw S. S. S. advertised and after
using about three bottles I was cured,
«ad Tor the last three years have had no
trouble whatever. A- W. ZEBER.
217 Read St., Evansville, Ind.
I began using your S. S. S. probaBly ten
years ago for Malaria and blood troubles,
and it proved so good that I have con-
tinued ever since using it as a family
remedy. It is a pleasure for me to recom-
zncad S. S. S. for the benefit of others
who are needing a first rate blood purifier,
tonic and cure for Malaria.
Arkansas City, Axk. C C. HEMINGWAY.
Boils, abscesses, sores, dark or yellow
splotches and debility are some of the
symptoms cf this miserable disease.
S. S. S. counteracts and removes from the
S^asw xSfet blood all impuri-
FjJT 1 Eg » and builds up the
y^k iSa ly vegetable reme-
1 li w ical advice or any
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.Young Robbers Admit Their Guilt.
.SANTA ROSA,.. Nov. 16.— Frank
Corman and William Cameron to-day
admitted t6 Assistant District Attorney
Thompson »' that they held up Fred
Hollman's resort and robbed Her
man. • Hollman v had previously' Iden
tified the bar-™- :MSgH|Hri
iJnlted Bta.tei Coast. ' nnd Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
• at' Fort Point, entrance to Ban Francisco
Hay. Published by official authority of tho
• Puperlntendent, - .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
! the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the game at. both place*. ;
'.. THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 17.
Sun rl«e« fl:53
gun fc:s , 4:S7
Moon acti ....:;...............:. ..1:29 a. m.
O ITlmel . ITlme iTlme Tlmel
* 1 Ft- [-- — Ft. J Ft. --— -I Ft.
? IL -W| lit W iL V? H W|
IT t)-52 L€ 7:51 0.2 S:C5 2.0 8:05 3.8
111 1:S6 1.7 8;25 S.I . 2:47 1.6 8:59 4.0
10 2:l« 2.1 9:00 6.st 3:17 1.0 0:52 '4.1
20 2:53 2.2 »:28 5.4 3:82 0.6 10:37 4J
21 8:30 2.4 9:&3 6.6 4:28 0.2 11:23 4.2
22 4:07 2.5 10:20 5.5 8:06 —0.2 ..........
IH W " .!L W iH \V LW
23 0:08 . *¦») 4:42 2.6 10:60] 5.0 6:43-^0.8
NOTE— IB the above exposition of the tide*,
the early morning tides are given In the If ft
hand column and the successive tide* of the,
day In the order of occurrence ai to time:' the
fourth tlrr e column gives the last tide of the
day. except when' there are but three tides, a*
rem'etimeo occurs. S The heights- given are in
addition to th* soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, .and then the number
Xlvea Is ' subtracted . from the depth given by
Captain Bauer and Lleutenanta Magee,' Kam
merer.Harlo^e and Smith of the SUte Naval
Militia were taken out for Instruction yester
day oh ' tho navy tug Fortune. | In command of
Ensign Wood of tho navy. ' Ensign Wood and
J. T. McMillan, nautical expert attached to tho
hydrographlc office., were the Instructors, • Mc-
MilUn" has .besn engag«d - for some time In
teaching' -the citizen sailors the theory. of navl-
Kiitton and yesterday the militiamen were' given
un npiicrtunlty to put into practice the lessons
absorbed In the classroom. Ths cruise wa*-.very
natlsfaetory • and the professional ¦• sailors speak
highly of v the progress, being made -by ."their
Buyll* . ',- . .-'. '. .: '> v ¦ '-"•' '.
Xavul - Militiamen on Cruise.
REPDING, Nov. 16.— Carlisle Rob
ertSf aged SO years, was pinned be
neath a tree that he had, felled to-'
day and assistance did not reach him
for -two* hours.'. The trunk^ fell across
one of .his feet and . held him a
Caught Under a Falling Tree.
> : HANFORD,. Nov. 16.— John Brown,
a. deserter from the, Tenth Coast \Ar
tillery, i stationed, at. the Presidio, vis
ited , the Sheriff's office this morning
and gave himself up. Br^wn was
hungry, and ; wanted breakfast .... .
i)c?ertor Surrenders to Sheriff.
Snn, Moon and Tide.
SAN JOSE. Xov. 16. — J. E. Willis
ton, one of the proprietors of the
Lick Market, was stabbed ' by Jack
Bacigalupl, an employe, late this af
ternoon during > quarrel. Wllliston
was stabbed under the left shoulder
blade, the knife slightly entering the
lung. . Bacig'alupl says Willistoh^ hit
him a. blow oh'the nose and was pre
paring to attack ; him when he used
the knife. '. - „. ..... '.
Employe Stabs Ills Employer.
.' SANTA ANA, ' Nov. 16. — The sev
enth annual convention of the League
of California Municipalities convened
here this mornins in the new City
Hall with about sixty delegates pres
ent. The northern and bay cities are
better represented than those of
Southern California: The meeting:
was called to order by the president
of the league, Mayor Frary of San
Diego. The address of welcome was
delivered by Mayor S. H. Finley .of
Santa Ana, and' response was made
by Mayor Frary. After the ' enroll
ment of delegates the entire day was
spent in hearing reports from each
city of Improvements for the, p.aat
year.
Dclegntcs Listen to Reports Regard
ing the Improvement- of Cities
During tho Year. : '
BALL AND WHIST PARTT.— Tb« Business
Women's Club of Saa Francisco will' glv* lta
second " annual ball and whist party tonight at
Stelnway Hall. -^ v - + .
LEAGUE OF CA1-IFOUXIA
MUNICIPALITIES .CONVENE
3Iemornnda.
DELAWARE. UHE-V K\V A TER. No\- 16—
Btrrr H»*«iUn, .from Honolulu, for Philadel
phia. krrlv«J .bere thU morning with Capt
Kishrr and *even of the crew of bdr C C
Sweeney, which wa* abandoned yesterday oft!
Car* Henry- In a . water- lcrced condition; rea
.•el was bound, frcm Charleston Xor Philadel
phia.
Prr Khf Seven einfni—On Best 80 In Kot
sebuc Sound a csrrlfr pieeon flew oa board
•with Us «tt«rh«i. on which w«i'mMi*«re:
•cap'" in ArraFtrcny. nsh River. All well."
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIA'ED.
ksiu&as' H h^™
Sinsr Acme, Reed. S« houra Xroia Eureka
Eureka r * mon ** s ** a «*' W »«<»ur» from
fctmr Tltttoort. Johcaoa. 41 hours from San
Pedro,
etror Fslton. Panzer. 40 aour» from Saa
3^ S^n^^' C * Jnpbel1 ' " +* *»
cleared: 7'.
Wednecdar Nor ia .
Sttnr UmatlU*. Nopar-der. Victoria- B C
etc: Pacific Coast Steatnkhip Company.
Etmr State of California. N'iooJson. San Dl
»go and way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. ,
Stmr Whlttier, Dlcksoa, Vancouver, B C*
Union Oil Company. '
Fr bark Mar merit e Mlra baud, Le Treredlo.
titnn; E C E^ans. 1Cf
eAiLicD.
Wodnesday. Nor. if.
U £ rtisr Vlx, Ackers, Manila.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 10.— Manager Fisher of
the ••ailttertnir- Gloria"-- Company, of which
Miss- Itador* Rush, who was drowned .here
Monday, was leading lady, has sent Instruc
tions to have' Miss Rush's body shipped to
New.Tork. . ., . - : ..; '-.S.^.^';^." 1^
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 16. — The
Mystic Shrlners of Southern Califor
nia have completed arrangements to
make * ft Thanksgiving present to
every member of an orphans' home In
Southern California. The Salvation
Army and other charitable and berie
volerit societies are also to receive
funds and supplies.
Will Remember tho Orphans.
SAN JOSE. Noy. 16.-— During a
thick fog this morning a Willow
street electric .car .and a 5an Fernando
electric enr collided near Blver street
with terrific force, the former smash
ing the front end of the latter into
kindling wood. Motorman Morton. O.
Moses \ot the latter car was pinned be
tween the bumpers. of his car and the
timbers of the other ear and Was se
riously injured. Motorman E. A. Da
vis and Conductor. D. E. Thohinson of
the Willow-street car were painfully
cut and bruised. 'The. accident, it is
said, was due to the Jfallu're 'of Mo
torman Moses to wait for the. Willow
street car to pass. _ ,""•¦,
One of the 3Iotormen is caught In the
Wreckage nnd Uecclves Serious
' Injuries. ¦ '
SAN JOSE ELKCTRIC CARS
COLLIDE AT A CROSSING
<\Jltt cf Llrhte, Duoys and Davrnarks, Pa
dfle Coast. 1004. page 29.)
Notice Is hereby given that San Jo»<ju!n
buoy, a ffeconi-cla** rpar. n«-ar th* tnmlriir
rolct to the San Joaiuin Itlver. Sulsun B«y,
Cal.. heretofore reported iidrife. wax' teplac. d
Novemb» r 10 in Its old position.
15y order of the Ltxhthouse Hoard. -
IV. P. DAT. Commander U. g. N..
Inpertor Twelfth Llghthoiue District.
- :..n of Islrht*. Buoys and Daymarka, Pa
cific Coast. 1U04. pege 27.)
Notice is hereby riven that Cowm!n!OT
*-¦ ¦- k buoy, a red necond -class nun. located
•bout IV) tort SW from the shoaiest part of
'•:-•.;•! !!oc&. Mare Island Strait. C«l..
heretofore reported out of petition, was it
placed November 14 In Us oil poeitlon. -
BCtBUN BAY. CAL.
MA HE ISLAND STRAIT. CAL
Notice to Mariners.
SAN PABUO DAT. CAI-.
(U&t of I.l*!.t». liu-iyn and Daymarks. Fa
dflc Coast. 1W* pare 25.)
Notice Is hereby elven that Point WlUon
tr.id -channel bucy, San Pablo Bay. Cal. re
pcrtcd dragged out of position and replaced
by the dred<?lng company n*sir Its former Iocs.,
tlon. was replaced November 10 in its old
Tl»* b*rks Oerard C. Tobey sn-i Santiago
will leal general carpi at this pert for Hono
lulu.
Th* French bark Brenn proc*«£i la bfcllaH to
Adelaide Semaphore for order*.
Crude Oil for the North.
The tank steamer Wblttifr waa clsarrd yes
terday fcr Vancouver. Pmuh Columbia, with
:¦/ ' ¦ gallons of crude oil In bulk, valued at
$13,400.
» .
Tonnage Engagements
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 16. — Eight
hundred hogsheads of leaf tobacco,
weighing 3200 tons and valued : at
$960,000. will be shipped from this
port to the Orient by one of the
Portland and Asiatic liners next
month. The tobacco, wheh fills eighty
cars, Is one of the largest shipments
of the article that has ever left a
Pacific Coast port.
Big Shipment of Tobacco to Orient.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16. — The fol
lowing assignments'" to stations '* and
duties of officers of the corps of en
gineers, recently relieved from duty
In the Philippine division, are' or
dered: First Lieutenant Douglas 'XTsc-
Arthur, upon his arrival at San Fran
cisco, will take his station- at -that
place' and report to Lieutenant Col
onel Thomas H. Handbury for duty
under his immediate orders. First
Lieutenants Charles T. Leeds, Harold
C. Fiske, Ulysseses. Grant and Fardi
nand' Williams -will proceed from -San
Francisco- to" Washington Barracks.
D. C, and report for duty with the
Second Battalion of Engineers. First
Lieutenants Max C. Tyler." Jull&n.JL.
Schley. William H. Rose and Second
Lieutenants Richard C. TVIoorV^aivi
Lewis M.". Adams will "proce.ed_ tram
San . Francisco* to. Fort Leavenworth.
Kans., and report for duty -,xith the
First Battalion of Engineers. -
Army Orders.
Sir. and Mrs. Bailey were on a
trip from San Francisco to Los An
geles, and between this place, and
Santa. Barbara they met a herd of
longrh'bfn steers being driven along
•the : 'rSSSway. When the' automobile
dashed in among the cattle there was
a stampede, but the animals did not
run from the machine. They rather
crowded toward, it and were so an
gered that the occupants thought
their lives in danger and Bailey at
last was compelled to draw his pistol
and fire into the pawing and bellow
ing band- His .shot scared the cattle
"away, but not before the automobile
was wrecked by the crowding herd.
VENTURA. Nov. 16.— G. E. Bailey,
a mining engineer, and formerly a
member of the State Mining Bureau,
met with a mishap yesterday which
nearly cost himself and wife -their
llvee. As it was. an automobile in
which they were rising was wrecked
by wild cattle.
G. K. Bailey and Wife Hnve an Ex
citing Experience While on a
Trip to Los Angeles.
BAND OF FRIGHTENED
CATTLli: WRECK AUTOMOBILE
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 16.— J. A. Filcher,
one of the executive commissioners
from California, to-day announced
that the California building had been
sold to the Southern Illinois Wreck-
Ing Company. He declined to state
the price paid, having promised, he
said, not to divulge that. Information
until the wrecking company**, age^nt
had consummated, negotiations tor
other State buildings. -. .- : ',•-¦
Wrecking Company Buys Golden State
Headquarters at the Fair- ,
CALIFORNIA BU1XDIXG SOLJ>.
1 PORTLAND, Ore.. Nov. 16! — That
the Western tTnlon Telegraph Com
pany is not a common carrier, is the
opinion of Presiding Judge M. C.
George of the State Circuit Court.
The company was sued by D. E.
Meikle, a grain and hop buyer, for
$140 for failure to deliver a message
sent from Cleveland. Ohio, to "Walla
Walla, Wash. The message had not
been repeated, and the company al
leged liability only to the amount
pafd for sending It. The plaintiff as
serted In a demurrer to the answer
that the company was a common car
rier and had been held to be such by
a decision of the Supreme Court of
Ohio under a statute that was similar
to that of Oregon.
Important Opinion Is Filed by Pre
siding Judge of the State Cir-
C->urt of Orejron.
suaircr. I \-.- • From. Due.
Chas. Nelson, j San Pedro' ... . .'. . . : . . . Nov. IT
AurcKa : Portland ft Astoria... 1 . 1 Nov.' 17
Del Sort? lOrcscem City... ; Nov: 17
Kureka llu'.nboldt Nov. IT
Maripota Tahiti Nov. 17
Queen Puifet Bound Porla. ; .'. |NoV. 17
l'oint Arena.. Mendoclno & Vl. Arena!N«jv. 17
Santa Kosa... Fan Dlejro & Way 1'ts.lNov. 17
Argo Bel Ulver Torts [Nov. 17
Breakwater. . • Coos Bay Nov. 17
Arc&ta.'. ' Coo» Uay &. Pt. Orford.|Nov. 17
Coronado Cray* Harbor Nov. 17
Elltaboth Coquille itlver INev. 18
Chehails Pan Pedro 'Nov. IS
i Tltania Oyster Harbor |Nov. 18
Peru New York via Ancon.. Nov. ID
San Pfdro.... San l'tdro [Nov. 10
Jesnlp Reattle & Tacoma !Nov. 13
Corona./.' Humboldt !Nov. 10
Sequoia AVIllapa Harbor Nov. 20
O. LJndauer. . ' <lray» Harbor • iNcv. 20
nonita ! Newport & Way PortsjKov. 20
Saxonla HauiUure A Way Pts.lNov. 20
Menrs HantbuiK tc Way Pts.lNcv. 20
Columbia Por«!»nd & Astoria. .. .-Nov. CO
Arctic Humboldt iN< v. 20
Northland.... Portland & Astoria.-. . .'Nov. 20
W« Kruge-r. . . J Hqmboldt Nov. 20
S.Monica Ban Pedro Nov. 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. Nov. 21
State of C»l.. Sap DUgo & Way Pts.|Nov. 81
North Fork ... Humboldt • Nov. 21
Newpurg J Orays Harbor Noy. 21
Porno.: | Point Arena A Albion. Nov. 22
City Puebla... Pugct Sound Ports. .. .Nov. 22
Rainier Seattle A Dellingrham. .INov. 22
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 22
P. Harbara Grays Harbor. (Nov. 2:1
San Juan New York via Ancon.. IN ,v. 2.'l
Alliance Portland & Way I'orts.lNov. 23
Coos Bay Fan P«dro & Way Pta. Nov. 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. .. .Nov. 25
Korea China & Japan 'Nov. 20
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ..'Nov. 2tt
Curacao Mexican Porl» |Nov. 2T
Umatilla Puiret Bound Ports. ...| Nov. 27
TO 8AIU
Steamer. | Destination. I {alls. Pier.
. { Wovember 17. I -
M. Dollar., j Grays Harbor .. 12 m Pier 20
Samoa ! Ltw Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
J. HlsKlns..' 1. os Angeles Ports. U am Pier 2
Callfornlan. New York direct Pier 25
Centralla...'. Urayc Harbor !' 4 pm Pl«r 111
Pomo i Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
State of Cal ; San IMegn & Way. 0 am Pier 11
| November 18.
Montara...., Seattle direct .... 4 pm Pier 9
Redondo ] Astoria & Portland -1 pm Pier 2
Pomona > Humboldt l:30plPier 9
O. W. Elder; Asioria ft. Portland 11 am'Pltr 2t
ChehaHs Grays Harbor .... 3 pmlPUr 2'
November 10. " •
Ean Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pmjPlfr 2
Arrata..... Cooi K. & Pt. Orfd 12 m'PUr j:j
nrenkwater. Coos Hay direct... 5 pm|PIer 8
ArRO Kel Rivet Ports/... 4 pmlPler 2
Point Arena i Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... "an Pedro & Way. !> am Pler'll
Alameda... Honolulu n am Pier 7
Cy. Panama N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 mjPler 40
Aurelta....- Astoria & Portland 4 pm'pler 27
EureHa. . . . •! HumboMt Q am Pier 13
Manchuria. cWna & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40-
Elizabeth..- Ccqullla P.ivcr .... G pm Plsr 20
. November 20. ¦ • • •
W. KruBor. Anpeles Port*. .2 pm Pier- 2
S Boea San W'KO & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 81.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier. »
S. Monica . . Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier 2
Queen j Pu £ et Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler ft
• I November 82. . i
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm'pjer 10
November 33.
Arctic Humboldt «.. 9 am Pier 2
Newbure... °r,°,?' 8 Harbor 4 pm PUr JO
Sequoia.... VUHapa Harhqr ... 4 pm Pier 20
Bonlta..... Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Columbia... I Astoria & Portland 11 anvPIer 23
I November 24. -1
G. Wndauer Grays Harbor 4 pm'Pler 10
Jeanle Seattle- & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
November 25. .
N. Fork.... Humboldt . 0 am Pier 20
Marlposa...! Tahiti direct .. .;.|H am|PIer 7
, ' November 26. J r;
Coptic.; Chin* & Japan....! 1 pm Pier 40"
Cttj Puebla Puget Sound Porta.111 am Pier 9
Peru.:.,...' N. Y.. via Ancon. .|12 mjpier 40
FROil SEATTLE. . , -
[ Stearcer. ,. Destination.-- • Sails.
I iefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 18
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. N«v. 19
Cottajfe City. Skagway A' Way Ports. Nov. 21
Dolphin Kka* way & Way Ports. INov. 23
Humboldt.... SkaKway & Way Ports. | Nov. 24
NEW POWER COMPANY.— Artlciea of In.
•corporation wer« filed yesterday by the 8uinl»
laus Water and Power Company with a caoital
stock of 91.00O.U00; of which »100. has been nub.
scribed by each of jthe following directors: c
T. Tulloch. R. R.- Blftflow. W. E.. Cashman'
C. E. Hetse and Ai na G. Lane. '
z - • • •. ' ¦
OFFICIAL , COUNT , PnOGHESSES. — The
Election Commission resume^ thft'jjfflcia! count
yesterday, but found nochaages In. the murnn.
The officer* of the .Third add Fourth precincts
•of the Thirty-first • District were cited' to ap
pear to explain -why < they did not* slgro the re
turnc" '• ' ¦ ': ¦ . *: ¦-•.- ' ';• ¦: - ¦< \\.
SAYS TELKGRAPII COMPANY -
JS NOT A COM3ION CARRIER
The British ship Acamas left here yesterday
fcr E-ureka In tow of the steaonr Francl* II.
L*«gett.
The whuler 'William Baylies, which put Into
Coo* Bay last Saturday short of water and
provisions, is ttill at the northern port, sup-
X«oped!y tar-bound.
Albert Hemr. a nine-year-old boy. living at
ltx» Kills street. f*II into the bay yesterday
frcm Howard utrett wharf. He wa» pulled out
;.t I taken In the ambulance to the Harbor
Hospital, where he was warmed and dried be
fore being ••ct home.
L«uci*n Millut, a cooSt. employed at C48 S»o
ramento etreet. dropp» d Into th* Harbor H^pl
tal ;»»•*•: -!ty afternoon and complained cf pains
In his ch»-*t. Three men had bVaten him Sat
tirCay ntriit. he said, an] as h» had since
been .•:::• .r.t: tlood he gMetmcd they bad hurt
h+ra Tti* «ur«re<jn» found th»t Millut's breast
bone was fractured and that his injuries otber
¦wlt* were s*rlouii.
John Neukcm. who live* at lffJO Shntwell
•trect. wa* thrown frcm a car yestenUy «t
Krysr.t street and Bcardman plac« and severely
injured.
">v n Hunker h«s b«en appointed chitf
frrieht clerk of the Paclac Mail Company.
Water Front Notes.
The mny transport Dix. deeply laden with
Ml H lift r and am;y store* and carrying- a larse
'-¦:-' of mules and burroit for th« use of
th* military fcrces In the Philippines, sailed
ehcitly after noon jesterday for MahIU.
I)i\ Sails for Mnnlla.
TO ARRIVE
ST. LOUIS, Xov. 16. — The following
San Franciscans are among the recent
visitor at the World's Fair: A. B. Rag
gles and -wife, G. W. Johnson and wife.
Mrs. E. Jordan. "W. C- Dulngham- and
wife, Mrs. R. Bigg, Mrs. W. F. Miller.
S. L. Bucker and .wife. M. T. Wholey,
W. C. Coulson. -J. C. Campbell, ¦-R.
D. McXeill and wife. Mrs. S. H. Lay
man, K. Neiman. A. F. Haraszthy and
wife, Mrs. P. IJouson, E. McLeod,
Mrs. A, .Gill. W. D. McKellar, C. L.
McFarland, E. Miller, E. D. Wolfe, M.
G. Gale. .,
San Franciscans at the Fair.
Movements of Stcanicrsl
Branch Hydrographle Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exrhaii*T'\ San Francisco, Cal-f
November 1<!, ¦ 1904.
The Time Hall on the tower of the Ferry
builriins was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. at njon of th» 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Tlmo Ball.
- ' — -~ — . „ I
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 18 — 5 p. m.
The following: maximum and minimum tem- j
peratures us reported for the previous day: i
Boston *8-3£ Vew Orjeans 64-50
Cincinnati W2-.lt: .'itttburg ...... .00-3<J,
Chicago V-'-Vt Phtlaaelphla 4S-:>r,
Honolulu 80-T^ St. I,ouis M-42
Jacksonville 7o-.">2 WasUIngtcn 52-28
New York 4O-3<; j
SAN FRANCISCO 00-82. ¦ >]
The following are th* seasonal rainfalls -
to dcte »ib compared with thot>e of same date
last season and rainfalls in the last twenty- j
I four hours: ;
I This . This . Last
i Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ......Trace 0.04 . 10.04 '••
Red llluff ;, . O.IK) !».40 2.fi7 '
"tJ'-lW ' 0.24 l.fK) |
San Francisco tt.iw'- T.tA . .1.57 •
Fresno 0.00 5.O5 . O.1!» ]
Independence...... 0.00 0.47 ' 0.42 :
Ban Luis Oblepo .. O.OJ ' *.W " 0.14 ...
Los 'Angeles 0'<.0O r"1.13 ' \QA$
Ean Diego ....;...' 0.00 0.1« ' 0.07 i
THE COAST RECORD. :
S S ¦ 2 ¦ S ~5 ¦¦
i ¦ 2 e. °1 <\ ¦ ¦ ii
• 5 S g 33 ji- » . <a •',
STATIONS. |; p|I|S |a ; |i
- : ¦' 5 f %M :' : - if. \
• a ri . ¦¦ • i. i
Haker- ..30.10~4ft. 32 ,SE- Cloudy, r 00 '
C - arson :}<t.is CO 20 NEJ. . Clear ...00
Eurfka ..30.0$ W BO'S'.. Cloudy .>T,r
Fresno ...30.20 OS 4f) L N '. *'. Clear ' .00'
8.E. Faral)on.:io.2.T 02*50 XW. .Clear ,W
FlaBBtaff :k).2H 5S 20. E .CUiWdy. .in),
Pccatello .-...ao.'.'S M S3 fE .<;ioudy .00,
Indf-pondYnee .30. t-S firt 40 SW Clear .1X1
Los Anxvles ..'1O.14 74 50 W Clear ,m
Mt.Tamaipals r.0J2l 55 4S . W CleaV . .(K>'
North Head .29.64 88 ¦ S2 S Cloudy .33
Phoenix C ...W.-WTH *20 »*IV - "Clear ,'.f>O
Pt.Heyea- I.tv.-n».18 02 f>2 N\V Clear -.00-
Portland 20.82 M 48 SW Rain -3"l
H»d Ulurt ...ao.22 ¦02' 4fJ SE Cloudy '.00:
Roseburir 23-.IMJ -<H 40 S Rain .ffl
Sacramento . .3(1.22 ' (54' 40 SE Clenr .00
Salt I^ake ,..:«». 24 f>S 34 NW : Clear - .00"
Ran Franclscd.ift.2tl no Ji2 W ' Clear f :oO
fl. L. Oblspo.S0.20 TO M >CW Cle^r f .00-
Pan DiegO . .30.04 .- 7* r»2 NW Clear .»»»'
Seattle 2».72.r.4 4G SE . .Bain .20.
Spokane ...:.2n.!)4 «"2 40 S ' Cloudy *.(wX
Tatrtofh 2!».4O 54 44 S Rain - .M
Walla Walla .2D.SS C2 44 SK ' Clcudy .0<>
Wlnnemucca .80.22 M 20 NE Cloudy '.00
•Yuma 30.0S 78 40 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm off the Washington coast .this •
mornlnr has moved rapidly Inland and now
overlies nrltlsh Columbia. L'.cht rain has i
fallen from Eurtka northward over the. west
ern portions of WashlnKton and Oreeon. A ,
thunderstorm Is reported from Tntoosh Inland. >
Hlrh southerly winds are reported from th« ¦
mrnith of ¦ the Columbia River and Tatoosh
IelRnd. ,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty |
hours, endlnjr midnight. November 17: '
Northern California— Cloudy, with shower*:
In the northern portion: fair In south portjon ¦
Thursday: fresh southerly wind. . • ' ¦ -' !
• Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
wost wind. • ¦ , i
Nevada — Cloudy, -wlfh showers Thursday. !
Pan Francisco and vioinHy — Generally cloudy
Thursday: freyh southwest wind. - .
Los Anfijelrn -and vicinity— Fair Thursday; i
lirht wfat wind. . :
Kacrnm#ntn and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday. '
Fresno and vicinity — Fair Thursday. '.
• J. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster. . , ' !
Temporarily In Charge. |
BIO AHMT FREIGHTER DIX,
WHICH SAILED YESTERDAY
FOH THE PHILIPPINES. : ¦-
«-.-«re* Into the field, the Hartiman iln«ra will,
» uhln a year or si, have a borne in keeping
wirh their huce dimensions.
•
Th« Harbor Commlsslcnrrs yesterday opened
bids for the work of constructing new wharves
on th- Bite now occupied by th« Pacific Mall
dock. The bid* were maae for the construction
of two different styles of wnarv«s, th» more
expensive being; doub!e decked. Italy. Tjb
bitts & Co. submitted the lowest bid for th«
work of construction and for the cement to b«
used in «!i*. foundation th* bid of th. 1 Holme*
Lime. Company was the lowest. According to
ihrs* bids the cement will cost M2.0W and the
mntk of construction $329.-673 If a double-oeck
ed dock la built and »:5O'J.c73 If alntfe-decked.
The Harbor Corr.mitaiencrs will now advertise
for a lessor and to the highest bidder, who
will have to j>ut up the cost of construction at
• Be* end take it out in the form of rent, the
rrtf-erty will b* ieased fcr a term not to ex
c»»d fifteen years. Nobody nc*ds n«w wharves
quite so badly as the Paclflr Mali company and
If the figures suit them and no hlcher bidder
Bids Opened for Xew Wharves.
NAPA, Nov. 16.— Elaborate prepa
rations are being made for the ses
sions of the Farmers' Institute In Napa
on Friday and Saturday of thla week.
Napa Grange, the New Century Club
and the Napa Study Club are co-oper
ating In the plans for the gathering,
which i3 expected to be a large one.
Addresses will be delivered by Mayor
Fuller of Napa, Instructors of the Uni
versity of California. Dr. L. C. Ken
nori, Mrs. Dunlap and Mrs. E. H. King
of Napa. Professor Warren T. Clarke
of Berkeley will apeak on "The Value
and Importance of Farmers' Insti
tutes" and "Agricultural Education."
Dr. Haring of the same university will
speak on "Contagious Diseases In
Stock" and "Tuberculosis in Domestic
Animals." Miss Hyde of Berkeley will
give lectures on • cooking and food
values.
Session to Be Held In Nnpa During
Latter Part of Week Promises
.. , to Be Well Attended.
PREPARING FOR MEETING
OF FARMERS' INSTITUTE
Umatllla. Nopander. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Arctic. Nel»<m. Eureka.
Btmr Alliance. .Hitrdwlck, Portland, \!^
Kurrka and Coca Day.
Stmr South Coast. Ol$rn, Caspar.
Stmr Whltwboro. FreJerlckscn. Oreenwood.
Btmr Alcatraz. O!sen. Point Arena.
Btmr Francis H LegKett.- Reiner*. Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendoclno.
Ptrrir Rrunswlck, F.llefsen. Fort Urafrx.
Ptmr North Fork. N'plM-n. EurekR.
Ur *fcli> Galcate. arlfflih*. Byflner.
Ur ship Acamax. Nelson; Eureka, In tow cf
ettnr Francis H LerKett.
Ft bark General de Neirrler. I>enle. Hull.
¦ Fr bark Verea-.lles. Cortex, Cape Morten.
' Aus.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. I'cdrga.
TELEGnAFHIC.
}"OIXT LOnoS. Nor 1C. 10 a ra— Weather
clear and ea'.m.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
TATOOSH — Passed ov.t Nov 1G— Nor stmr
; Tltanla. from Oyster Harbor, for San Fran.
1 rlvo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nw 1C— Stmr Macki
naw, henie JCov 12; artmr Jefferson, from
Ekatrway.
FOnT BRAGG— Arriv?d Xcv 1C— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Nc.v 15.
Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Jas S Hleslns. for San
Pedro.
EVREKA — Arrived Nov 10 — Stmr Corona,
henc* Nov IS: echr Azalea, from fi«"don*>.
SaUed Nov 1G — fltmr Eureka, for San Kran-
POnT HAUFORD— Sailed Nov .16. 7 a ra—
Stmr Cow* Hay. for San Francisco.
Arrived Ncv 1«>— Echr Mary Dodiro, from
San Prdro.
Sailed Nov 16 — Stmr Noyo, for San Fran
clsx-o. a
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 16. 8 a m— Stmr
Arcata. fcr San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrlred Nov 10— Dktn
Robert Sudden, from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed No\- 16— Br ship Blythmood, for Port
Natal.
UELLINGHAM— Sailed Nov 10— Schr A M
Baxter, fcr San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived N'ov - Iff— Stxn'r San
P*dro. benre Xov Vi. via Rrrlondo. ¦ • /
Arrived Nov 1C — Simr Fnnta lloclca, hence
Nov 1*. -• •'¦
Sailed- Nov 18— Sttrrr Sun Pedro. '¦ for San
Franrifco; B'.rr.r Ch»ha!i», f< r Sai Francisco.
PORT GAMW.E— Arrived Nov 10— Schr
Okanojran, h«ice Nov 8.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Nov 1C— Stinr
Santa Rora. for Kan Francisco. ', • ' ' •
PORT HLAKELEY- Arrived Nov 16 — Br
ship Wanderer, from i'prt Angreles.
WIXSLOW— Arrived Nov 10— Bktn Robert
Sudden, frcm Pert TowncenJ.
GRAYS HARHOR— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr
Nnvbutf;, hence Nov 12. Nov 1C — Stmr Homer,
hen<*r Nov 13.
ABERDEEN— Failed Nov 10— Echr Comet,
for Santa Barbara.
ISLAND PORTS. y
HONOLX'Ll* — Arrived N'ov IT — Br Btmr
Doric, hence Nov «: Ger ship Herzcgln Scj>hie
Charlotte, from Lelth; stmr Sierra, hence No\
10 for Sydney.
Arrived Nov 1C— Br etmr Moana. frcm Bris
bane, tnr Vanrouvtr.
MANUKA— Arrived Nov 12— S?an stmr Isla
de Luzon, frorn Liverpool. '
Railed Nov 3— Bark Prussia; for Port
Blakcley.
MAV1LA— Failed Oct 2S— Stmr Bellamy, ror
Portland, Ot«=.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 15— Br etrar
Juanlta North, from Plsasua.
Sailed Ncv lft— Stmr Arlzor.aji, for San Fran,
ciarp.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Nov
llM-Stmr Hawaiian, from Hcnolulu, for Phil
adelphia. '¦
FOREIQN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Balled Nov 15— Br stmr Gae
lic, for San Francisco. Oct 20— Ur stmr
Uachacn, for London. (
Arrived Nov 14— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Vancouver. Nov 12— Stmr China, hence
Oct 23. . ' ' . .
ANTWERP — Sailed Nov 13— Br «hia Kirk
cudbrightshire, lor S«n Francisco.
CHERBOURG — Balled Nov 12— Fr bark La
Fontaine, for Portland, Ore.
6 L'EJi— Sailed Nov 13 — Span stmr C Lopez y
Lo^et. for Manila.
ACAl'CLCO— Sailed Nov 15— Stmr San
Juan, for San Francl»co.
Arrived Nov IB — Stmr City of P»r». hene«
Nov 5 for A neon. Nov H — Nor ship Nord
stjerrn. frcm Newcastle, Aus. and proceeds to
Pufcet Sccnd.
ETEN— Sailed Oct 29— Bark Diamond Head,
for Port T'Hvnsend.
HONGKONG— Arrived oricr to Nov 1G—
Stmr Arabia, from Portland. Ore. for Manila;
»tmr Munrclla, from San Francisco, via Hon
: olulu. Yokohama, etc.
OCEAN 8TEAMERS.
NETS' YORK— Arrived M)v 1«— Stmr Frank
furt, from Bremen: »tmr Ho>itn«o|lcrn. from
Naple* Ornoa and Gibraltar: niar Majestic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed Nov 10 — Stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool:
stmr Prlnr««s Irene, fcr Nanlea and Genoa;
rtnrr Rotfrdam, for Rotterdam.
LlVERPOOl^— Arrived Nov lft— Stmr Fries
land, from PhlladelDhla.
Sailed Xov Itt— Stmr Baltic, for New York,
via Queenstown.
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Ivernla.
for Bo«tQn.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Pa
trla from New York, via Naples..
pLAHGOW — Arilved Nov IB — Stmr Astolla,
from N«w-York. * •
NAPLES— Arrived Ncv 10— Stmr Cretlc,
frorn New York, via Gibraltar.
TENERIFFE— Arrived - Now 1*— Stmr Her
monthls. from Seattla . and - Ban Francisco, via
Central -and Souths American ports, for Ham
burr. "•••'. ¦ ¦ - _
DO VER— Arrived Nov 16 — Stmr Patricia,
from Ntw York, for Hamburg, and proceeded.
Weather IlCport.
The readjusted capital will then stand:
Outstanding lully paid stock fH.OvO.000
In reserve l.CuO.OOO
Bonds 2.000,000
The bonds are fifteen-year 6 per cent gold
bonds, secured by trust deed, to be retired
from sinking (und by annual payments be
ginning with the third year.
The regular meeting of the directors
of the Alaska Packers' Association was
held yesterday, at which a plan of re
organization was submitted and adopt
ed by the board. Resolutions were of
fered and adopted authorizing the sec
retary to prepare the plan for presenta
tion at the meeting of the stockholders
of the corporation to be held on Janu
ary 17, 1905.
The plan will advise an Increase of
the working capital of the association.
Announcement: was made that the issue
of $2,000,000 bonds has been subscribed
and $1,000,000 of the $1,200,000 of stock
has already been underwritten at par.
The regular monthly: dividend of 75
cents per share is payable on the 28th
Inst. • '
The proposed plan of reorganization
is based on the following summary:
Capital stock to be Increased to $7,500,000
Is>ue and sell additional stock (over
ii present. outstanding Issue of $4,800,
(X*i) • 1,200.000
Transfer from reserve funds to ac
count of present capital stock to
make same fully paid l.CSO.OCO
I«»ue bonrjg :..... 2.000,000
A sentry's frantic cry of "Fire"
caused a panic on board the army
trnnrport Thomas on the afternoon of
Nov*mb# 12, when the troopship was
plowing her way here from Honolu
! lu. Within two minutes every officer
| and member of the crew had responded
I to the call and each man was at his
j'appointed. station.- Before- the passen
¦ gers had found the seat of danger a
i hose was pouring water on a pile of
'blazing linen, and within ' fl-.-<5 minutes
, Captain Lynarh, the commander of the
j vti jel, had :¦ thrown overboard several
i armfuls of .blazing cloth, , and 4n«
¦ nounced the danger a thing of the past.
I The sentry's -ill-advised announce
| ment'alarmed all within hearing of his
j voice, and, quickly as the crew has
; tened to fire-quarters, the news of the
; threatening danger traveled faster and
j those officers. upon whom rell the duty
of calming"' the passengers : found their
hands full. Transport passengers, for
tunately, havVa keen appreciation of
1 the value of discipline and order was
! restored before a welcome whistle an-
I nounced the passing of the danger.
When over their scare the passengers
found time to admire the splendid
; manner In which Captain Lynam and
i his officers had responded to the emer
i gency and all on board returned to
their books, cards, naps and love talks
inspired ivith full confidence In the
skipper's ability to^take care of them,
no matter what happened.
| The odor erf burning cloth had been
detected for some time before the
guard realized that the smell meant
fire. When he finally awoke to the se
rious possibilities of the situation he
; made an investigation, ai\d when he
; discovered smoke pouring from the
! linen roc-:n he lost 'his head and an
! nounced his find with a yell which
caused more trouble than the blare it
self. - -
| The Thomas to the water-line and
! below ia barnacled and grass grown,
! but from the water line up, on deck
and' down below, her brass work was
shining and her paint as clean as when
she l^ft port. After making hla Inspec
tion of the ship immediately after she
; was released from quarantine, Major
! Devol, superintendent of the transport
service, announced that the troop quar
ters were almost as clean as. If they
had 'never been occupied, and the ves—
'sel altogether the cleanest he had' ever
seen come In from a long voyage.
. The Thomas arrived on Tuesday too
late to pass quarantine. The cabin pas-
. seiigers were taken "ashore yesterday
morning on the army tug Slocum* and
in the. afternoon. ther trooper was made
fast alongside.the Foleonvstreet wharf.
General James F. Wade, lately com
mander of the "Depaf tmeht ot the Phil
ippines, was- the ranking passenger on
the Thomas. He .will leave in a few
days to take command of the Depart
ment of the East. Dr. Anita N. McQee
and several American girls who have
been nursing the sick and wounded In
Japan, landed yesterday from the
; Thomas and ,v III start east in a few
days to return to their homes.;
At the conclusion of the. address, the
bell was removed from the building: to
a heavy truck. As this was being done,
the assemblage stood in silence with
bared heads. A battalion of the Philip
pine constabulary, headed by their
band, escorted the bell to the west end
of the Palace of Transportation, where
the precious relic was placed on board
a special car for transportation to Phil
adelphia. Forty Councilmen of Phila
delphia acromcanied the bell on itu
Journey home.
I would feel neglectful of my daty If I
failed tt> say a few words abort thl»'gTetft
emblem of freedom. May we all leave ¦ here
with the highest respect for American citlaen
ship and with the firm resolve, regardless of
politics, to preserve the sentiments which tl»
bell has voiced. ... ...
Speaker Cannon spoke briefly. .. He
said in part: . ¦¦. •
The bell stands for' free men and woman -aa
the cross does for Christianity. ¦ - ***
Mayor John W. Weaver of Philadel
phia, Mayor Wells of St. Lonls,"Presi
dent Francis of the exposition. Chair
man Henry Clay of the special liberty
bell committee of Pennsylvania, Vice
President-elect Charles W. Fairbanks
and Joseph Cannon. Speaker of the na
tional House of Representatives, made
addresses. In the course of his remarks,
which were % cheered to the echo, Fair
banks said:
You may take th!» bell back to Philadelphia,
but /It la at home wherever the stars and
•tripes ' fly. ¦ One million ' men would gtadTy
shoulder muskets and gr> to the- flgld of batt.la
to preserve it to posterity. How I wish- o^r
forefathers could be here- to ga.z» on this- ma '
Jeetlc spectacle, the like of ..which '.I never
witnessed anywhere. The pr?.«ent exposition
la a treat undertaking, and -its i<ucces«..' has
been the wonderment of the world. > ""
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 18.— Special farewell
exercises in honor of the Liberty "Beli,
which has been on exhibition in. the
Pennsylvania building at the World's
Fair, were held to-day, at thft conclu
sion of which the honored relic was
started cm its trip back to Philadelphia,
An immense throng attended the exer
cises, crowding the space around the
bell In the rotunda of the Pennsylvania
building. On the terraces and" steps -of
the other State buildings thousands of
others assembled to see the departure
of the bell. . ; - * ; - •&<*?'¦
Bond Issue Readily Finds
Subscribers and a Large
Block of Stock Is Sold
Blaze in Troopship's Linen-
Room Gives All on Board
Thrilling Quarter Hour
Accompanied by Delegation
of Forty Councilmen, It Is
Returned to -Philadelphia
RELIC OX SPECIAL CAE
WILL INCREASE CAPITAL
Alaska Packers* Association
to Submit a Proposition
at Stockholders' Meeting
The Seven Sisters left here May 15
for Alaska, where she spent the half
year freighting and trading along the
coast Captain Campbell reports that
on September SO. in KoUcebue Sound,
•.carrier pigeon new aboard and was
caught. Attached to its leg was a. tug
on which was written :„ "Captain Arm
strong, Fish River. All well."
The little schooner Seven Sisters of
Seattle, Captain Campbell In com
mand, came into port yesterday forty
seven days from Kotzebue Sound.
Every man on board, from skipper to
cook, had his belt drawn tight, and
the gleam of hunger was in every eye.
In the vessel's hold wu part of Alaa
ka for ballast. In the calley was a
dying: fire and an Idle, hungry cook.
Every ounce of food had been con
sumed and of drinking water there
was not enough left to make coffee.
"Tow you In to-morrow," sang out
Captain Dan Thompson of the tug
Sea Rover, bound home in a hurry.
"No, you won't!" replied Captain
Campbell. "You'll take us now.
We're hungry!"
That was an appeal no sailorman
will turn from and the Sea Rover
passed a hawser to the foodless
schooner and brought her to an an
chorage off Melggs wharf.
The run from Kotzebue Sound cc
cupled a longer time than Captain
Campbell had calculated for and as
the voyage lengthened out the supply
of drinking water ana food steadily
approached the zero mark. Zero In
the food lockers was reached Tueeday
afternoon, and heavy weather that
would have driven the schooner off
shore would have added the torture of
thirst to the discomfort of empty
Btomachs. The wind was kind, how
ever, and the timely passing of the
Sea Rover saved the little company on
the Seven Sisters from grievous suffer
ing. As soon as the anchor chain had
b«en paid out. sails furled and every
thing made snug, all hands went
tshore, anfl when they called for
toothpicks and checks one water front
restaurant was in need of a fresh sup
ply of nearly everything the bill of
fare had provided.
PASSENGERS ALARMED
Flames Threaten the Army
Transport Thomas During
Her Voyage From Honolulu
Special Farewell Exercises
.-Held at TYMch Fairbanks
and Speaker Cannon. Talk
1 here Is JNot a Bite of Food on the Seven Sisters When the ¦/• Towboat Picks Her Up
FRIENDLY BREEZES SAVE SAILORS FROM STARVATION
FIRE AT SEA
CAUSES PANIC
REORGANIZATION
PLAN PROPOSED
LIBERTY BELL
LEAVES FAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO C'ALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1004.
11
ss S iSyH"S"SP"ili
-•-mm--' ¦ ¦ .¦¦¦¦¦I BWH ¦ •'¦ BsBBi BBBBSF^V/^.. ..V "'"-'" '^^^
SB ia a luxurious solid through train EVERY DAY
SB IN THE YEAR, less than three days to Chicago TO
Bm over- the only double-track railway between the ttu"
Mi Missouri River and Chicago. Electric lighted RH
¦¦ throughout^ Two trains daily via the • Vjjj
81 GHIOAGO, UNION PACIFIC fl
11 ARID KORTH-WESTERPJ LIKE, SI
wa. Direct connection for St. Paul and Minneapolis. Su
VL The Best of Everything. iffl
yg^ F °r tickets, Bleeping car reservations-find full infor- JfM*. .
mation apply to nearest ticket jj^+^St^^v.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,* THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1D(M.
12
< EDUCATIOK-AIr— ContoineA^^v
BOOKKEEPING. En«... ™a tn " *'{_• 9 ° 'prof.
tve.i Individual lnstr. 305 L*!,k la ___ ___
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. mu-
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Hafeht:
individual Instruct.; all branches, day. * vg ;
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market-PosU
tlons. shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $a mo.
7DULT a«d Juvenne classes no w _°Pf n ' . "._!"
man's Sdhool of Dancing. 1412 Polk. m__a_
SHORTHAND taught thorMy ™»" Ht^om^y"
sonally. Ml»s M. Q. Barrett. 302 Montgomjr.
I SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Mght class.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.De FIMPP«'»Academy
of languages, 1013 Post; est. 1871 ;ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OPTIC— S._^____ j
A^JA^A^^SE~anT~Chinese employment office
supplies best helo promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 8231.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 42C Powell st.; tel. Main 5i_~
j JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz TamagakiTm— . Tel. Bush 830.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Stung' ». 411 V, O'Farrell: tel. East 429.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment . Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S-
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT \~A-T~— P — FEMAL".
A YOUNG woman wishes a position to do gen-
eral housework in a small family;- small
washing; best reference; no postal. -5SVa
Tehama st. - j
YOUNO widow with a little girl 2 years of
age wishes position as working housekeeper
for refined gentlemen. Box 544. Call.
A REFINED American woman wishes situa-
tion as second girl and plain sewing In pri-
vate family; good references. JJox 542. Call.
A REFINED Danish lady would like position
as housekeeper in city or country; wagea no
object. Box 524. Call office. .
SITUATION wanted by young lady stenogra-
pher and typist; neat, accurate and willing.
Bex 523, Call office^
A REFINED young woman with references
would like position taking- care of children;
city or country. Box 160d. 1006 Market st.
A PLACE In delicacy store or helper In
kitchen. Address MRS. FREY. 333^ Jessie.
A PLACE to assist with housework: small
wages. Address MRS. W.. 333^ Jessie st.
A GOOD American woman Is out of means
and alone and needs help immediately; will
go for light wages In small family for home;
reliable and honest; please call. 100^
Third st.. room 19. ______
YOUNG lady, good plain French cook, one
month from France, — lshes position in pri-
vate family: Oakland or Alameda. Box 15OS.
Call office. Oakland.
A YOUNG girl. Just come from Finland, would
like to get a place to do general housework,
and she can't speak English. Please call at
. 322 Fremont st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as com-
panion to children or lady; good French
t teacher. Box 519. Call.
YOUNG lady of refinement wishes position as
lady's companion; city or country. Address
MISS A. L.. Call office. Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS nurse for a baby wants sit-
uation; best references; no postals. Call
2SS% Tehama st.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing
and housecleanlng. 917'i Natoma St., bet.
Tenth and Eleventh.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework; Is good cook; city or coun-
try. 207 Minna st.. near Fourth.
CAPABLE and educated young woman wishes
position In good retail book or piano house.
Address box 4S6. Call office. . -
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a situation
on a ranch. Apply 11&5& Pacific at., from
8 to 12 m.
A GERMAN lady desires a situation as work-
ing housekeeper or cook; country preferred.
Call 604 Octavla st.
GOOD _irl. with referenc-s. wants place;
either housework or cooking; (30 month.
2112 Bryant at.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants work. by the
day; first-class laundress. Box 844. Call.
A WOMAN wants position for general house-
work: no postals. 2503 Bush st.
JAPANESE girl wishes situation to do house-
work and help cooking in small family;
wages $2 a week. 1406 Pacific ave.
A JAPANESE girl wants a situation as plain
cook and to do housework. A. B., C39 Ste-
venson st.
JAPANESE honest girl wishes situation to do
housework and help cooking in smalt fam-
ily: wages $2 a week. 1406 Pacific ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions tsken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
iM~cov-r~~rr wa-tt~d — mat-p.
AA — A COMPETENT man wlsnes position In
.private place; understands gardening, milk-
ing; handy with tools. machinery; good
horseman and driver; best of references.
Box 834. Call office. .
ELEVATOR man. experienced, colored, wants
position. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d St.;
gel. Bush 405. ¦
WANTED — By a German, position to milk
cows tend horses or take care of place: ref.
Add;oss GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominican Sis-
ters, Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts. .
COMPETENT Swiss couple want position on
small ranch; man good carpenter and gen-
eral farm hand; wife good cook; beat of ref.
Humboldt House. Stockton st.
AN expert stenographer and typist (owns ma-
chine) wants extra work; at liberty after 4
p. m. and all day Saturdays; verbatim re-
porting. Box 522. Call.
HOTEL nlchl clerk who understands checking
day work, with best references, seeks position
in first-class hotel in city or out of town.
Address box 8CB. Call.
GERMAN, 35 yearn of age. steady and sober,
used to hard work, wishes any kind of work.
Address J. F., 125 Third St.. S. F.
jyANTEI.' — Position by a first-class meat cut-
' ter: country preferred. Box 527, Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
4200, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS salesman, at home in shoe or
cloak and suit dept.. IS years' experience as
advertiser, wants city employment; salary
no object to begin with. Address A. B. C.
Hotel Grcystone. 68 Geary st.
GENTLEMAN of good address, speaking
English. Portuguese and Spanish, wishes
employment with mercantile firm as traveler
. or salesman. Address J. M. A., box 880,
Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable and responsible
man. work as watchman. Janitor or day
work; handy with carpenter and plumber's
tools; Al references. Address JULIUS, 140
Second ave., Richmond district.
A COMPETENT man. single, wishes a position
near city, steady, to care for a place; expe-
rienced In orchard, good driver, . gardening
and handy with carpenter tools. Address
box 4S73. Call office.
HANDY mnn wants situation in a private
place; can take care of horses and drive
some* anil knows how to handle tools. Ad-
dress L. H. REINEL. 2«7 Minna St., S. F.
ACTIVE middle-aged man would like' work |
on country place; is sober and competent;
cm milk and make .butter; wages $15. Box
516. Call office. '
STUDENT attending Heald's Business College
wishes work of any kind to pay expenses;
waiting .at table or work in store preferred.
Address F. E^M., 155B Hawthorne st*
A PLACE wanted by an elderly man; not
afraid of bard work; can take care of horse.
i cow or garden.: chickens, etc. Call or ad-
I dress J. DALY, Laurere St.. San Rafael. ¦ '
1 WANTED — Position to milk cows, tend horses
or take care of place ; references. . Address
GEORGE WOLLAP, Dominican Sisters,
Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
JANITOR wants position (anywhere) or general
work In or around place, or house and window
' cleaning by the day. or other kind of work.
¦ 1. MEYER. 110 Hyde st. *
RELIABLE, competent in many occupations,
experienced single German, wishes any kind
of work; reasonable wages. M. FRICK. 414
; Jackson st;
COACHMAN. 16 years', experience, wants posi-
tion; city or. suburbs: can milk and do gar*
denlng if required; first-class city reference.
Box 825, Call office.
EXI'ERIENCED male nurse would like posi-
tion to travel. Box COS, CaU office.
SITUATION wanted for first-class Journeyman
barber; city cr country. Box 509. Call.
___J~iAIBVOYAlfTS— Continued.
a-$ ~T"Y~V $"""$ $ $"V $ ?
Three offices. 32B O'Farrell street.
Open every day and Sunday.
10 a. ro. 10 8 v. m. ' *
- PROFESSOR HENRY ELLSMERE.
THE GREATEST LIVING EXPONENT OF
CLAIRVOYANCY.
WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTATION
IN EVERY PROMINENT CITY
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
HIS I REPUTATION HAS BEEN EARXED BY .
THE WONDERFUL POWERS HE HAS
SHOWN, AND NOT BY ADVERTIS-
ING. A3 IS ATTESTED TO BY
THE UNLIMITED NUMBER
OF TESTIMONIALS HE
HAS RECEIVED.
If you are Interested In any affairs of your
"re; if marriase. sickness, deaths, change?,
travels. lawsuits, business transactions. Invest,
ments of whatever nature, wills, deeds, mort-
Rages, lost or ahrient friends Interest you; if
you care to know what you should do to be
successful; where you should bo and whom you
should avoid; If you desire to have domestic
troubles removed; your bitterest enemies con-
verted into your stanches t friends; In a word,
whatever may be your troubles, suspicions or
desires, visit Professbr Henry Ellsmere and he
will aid you.
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere has decided to
Place his services at the disposal of the people
of this city for special readings at the reduced
Price of $1 a sitting.
This extraordinary favor will only be ex-
tended for a seriod of two weeks.
All applications by mail or special messenger
must positively be accompanied by the fee in
or S e _ r t0 hold the aoDolntment.
Tr.e central location of Professor Heary
Ellswere's offices and consultation room en-
ables busy people to easily reach him.
HIS ADVICE, UNIVERSALLY SOUGHT.
Professor Henry EHsmere's advice has never
been sought in vain in the great crises of life;
his counsel has always shone forth clear, lu-
minous and right; the tottering fortune* of
many a man have been saved from wreck by a
word frcm the lips of this wonderful man; in
the great _ame of business men have staked
their all on the dicta of Professor Henry Ells-
mere and won. Friends long separated have
been reunited through his Instrumentality. The
proverbial "Blip 'twist the cup and the Up"
has been averted la thousands of instances
through his ability to read the future. Ro-
mances without number have ended happily
and the altar fires of love burn In countless
homes to-day because of Professor Henry Ells-
mere's profound understanding of human des-
tiny. Obscure diseases have been located by
Ms psychic diagnosis and owe their cure to
his thorough knowledge of the patient's special
needs.
DO YOU WISH TO KNOW
How you can have rood luck?
How you can succeed In business?
How you can make your home happy?
How you can conquer your enemies?
How you can marry the one you choose?
How you can cbtaln perfect health?
How soon you will marry?
How you can conquer your rival?
How you can make any one love you?
How you can mend your family troubles?
How you can remove bad Influence?
How you can control any one?
How you can make distant one* think of you?
How you can hold your husband's love?
How you can hold your wife's love?
Professor Henry Ellsmere tells all and never
asks questions.
IF THERE IS ANYTHING HEREIN PRINT-
ED WHICH SEEMS IMPROBABLE
CALL ON HIM AND BE
CONVINCED.
Three offices — 326 O'Farrell St., San Francisco.
Every day, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Open Sunday.
All Correspondence Promntly Answered.
$»$$>$*.»*
'PROF. DAHL guarantees to tell your past,
present and future; names given; readings
SOc. 1027 V, Market St.; hours 1 to 9 p. m.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr.and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune -
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. ,
_^ BPrB-TUAMSM.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
night. 8 o'clock. $1; Sunday. 1 p. m. 1081
BuBh st. __
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bug. medium and
life reader; 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c; read-
ings dally: come skeptics. 019 McAllister st.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, life read-
er; -ctr.evgs.. 10c; read, dally. 830 Mission.
PROF. GEE. medium and healer; readings
dally; circle every night. 10c. 1206 Market.
PROF. FR_T> EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln.
room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
i CABF-T BEAT-NO- ABTD CTC.EA— ~ TO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market st. ;
. phones Main 1S2 and Bush 479,
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
log works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
. carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 2C3.
- DEimSTS. {
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
X>R. LUDLITM HILL. 1443' Market, nr. Eleventh
No chsrge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over, like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain ;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, sur~on-dentl8t,r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid., »06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Keamy. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up:fllllng».25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has mdved from Geary st.^
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. two Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAXEXtS^AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordfon. sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.HO Taylr.
EDTJCATT O1TA i.
\OCAL, piano and violin lessons: Italian
method for voice culture; all forms of tech-
nical exercises for piano ana violin; send
for prospectus: Mrs. Bertha Oeser. vocal
' department: Rudolf L. Oeser, piano and vio-
lin. 010 Apear-st.. Oakland; Phone Lake
892.
A — THE Lyceum, «n accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
t professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. 'R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: i~> month; life scholarship
'. $50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
I THE Paul Gereon School of Acting, the largest
. Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send' for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
SHORTHAND — Astonishing, but true; you can
learn the best simplified system in less than
30 days for fS: highest references: 10 free
scholarships. CONEY & MILL3. 15*1 Markt.
A — "Single page method"; no text-books; twice I
the' progress in arithmetic, bookkeeping, short- I
hand. etc. WESTERN BUS. COL., 1281 Mkt.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24 '
Poet St., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam |
and gas engineering. Send • for prospectus, j
A SUCCESSFUL college: new, large rooms;'
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 73S Mission.
ENGINEERING— Cfvll, elec. mlii.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillpn School.. 113 Fulton, .nr. City Hall.
CLASSES jn short story- writing and journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and-Thurs., 2 d. m.. 333
• Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S~BUsiNESS~ COlLeTqE, 24 Post st.
Established 1S63; largest In -the West; send
for circulars.
A — GALLAGHER*- MARSH BUSINESS COL^
¦ - . LEGE, 12S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col..' 602 Van Ness
, ave. ; position* secured. R. H. Webster,' Pres.
PIANO lessons by experienced teacher, 50c an
hour. Box 511, Call office. : - . »
GUITAR, • mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
: .vocal lessons $1. ¦ S2S Haight st.
EMPLOYMENT WAITED— Male — Con^
HARDWARE clerk, young- married man. S
gears' experience retail shelf and heavy-
hardware in East, wants position; best ref-
erences. Box SO3. Call office.
-___
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
week; will give estimates If desired: has all
neceseary shop tools. Be- 488. Call office.
SOBER, reliable young man w'ants pcsttlon in
store; any kind of work: willing; good ref-
erences. 1017 Webster st., Oakland.
TOUNG man wants work or any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc;
city or country. Box 513, Call office.
GARDENER wants position; Is also fli-t-cl_M
horseman: sober and reliable; best city and
country references. B^ox 803. CaU.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper by young
man; strictly sober; does not gamble; good
references. Box 50_. Call office.
ATTORNEY who Is an experienced bookkeeper
and stenographer wants position. Box 839,
Call office.
WANTED — Position as city salesman for aaa
Francisco or Oakland flrn 1: Al references.
Address Salesman. 610 Apgar St.. Oakland.
HONEST, trustworthy, " young- man wants
steady position as gardener; references if r»-
qulred. Box 401. Call office.
HTUA-XOW wanted — Salesman wants position
on the road at onc«: six yearsf experience;
best of references!. Box 8C3. Call office.
YOUNG butcher, used to bare a routs and
work in the shop, wishes position in the city.
1 Box 805. CaU.
BARBER wants position, steady: married
man; city references; union. Box 890. CalL
YOUNO man wishes position in family: best
of references. O. HEART. 216 Sixth St.
AN experienced collector; also competent book-
keeper; best references. Box 4991. Call.
YOUNO man wants work or any kind. Bos
8S4, Call.
NON-UNION, first-class, wants work la dry:
reasonable. Bex 883. Call.
JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, wants •
position to do chamberwork in hotel or room*
ing-house; has good experience for several
years. KITA, 511 Bush St.; phons BUc-
6034. '
J/.PAXESE boy. honest, spaaks English well,
wants a position as a school boy or noos*-
work: by letter. TAMTJRA. J. Y. M. C ?_,
121 Haight »t.
JAPANESE couple wishes a position ia nic*
family; man first-class cook; wife wait at
table nad do housework. S. OHARA, 417
Jcnes st.; phone Hyde 1675.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as waiter on
table In nice family: speaks English; b«*t
of reference*. GEORGE. 313 Sutter St.; tel.
Black 424^ _____________
A YOUNG Japanese desires a position mm
rchoolbor or half-day work In Sausallto or
Mill Valley: sp«aks gooot. TWA. P. O. box
1 160. gausallto. _
JAPANESE butler, valet or houseworker.
wishes position in private family: first-class
servant. A. YU. 313% Stockton st.
JAPANESE young boy wants a position as
schoolboy and housework, waiter, in city or
country. M. TAKEMURA, 839 Sacramento.
JAPANESE boy desires position as waiter or
schoolboy; understands English well. TeL
Polk 37S2.
JAPANESE desires position as schoolboy or
housework; speaks well and has experience.
258 A O'Farrell st. GEO. JOJCOHAMA.
JAPANESE, honest. Intelllynt boy, wants a
situation in small family as schoolboy;
speaks English well. JODORI. 807 Polk st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a ponition In fam-
ily for housework; can do Japanese mas-
age. YAMA. 350 Jessie st.
A JAPANESE hoy. speaks KnglUh. as school-
boy or houseworker at any place. R.
IKEDA. Japanese Gospel Society. 725 Geary.
GOOD Japanese boy who can sp«ak English, a*
_ pUln rook. GEORGE. 1304 Post St. ; pbons
Sutttr 4132.
JAPANESE wants position at night or mom-
ing work: speaks English. T. O., 1543 Larktn.
CHINESE . irood cook, wants a position In
family; wages $10 or $!> per week. A-dreas
7 Brenha— 1 place. R. FONG.
CHINESE, fin t-class hotel cook, wants a po-
sition. N. K.. "44 Sacramento st.
'. A WEEK'S news for B cents — The Weekly Call.
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~ OfAITC— --.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In ft.eoo.OO© »
Surplus MoioQl M
Six^cent
Investment Certificates * J . ' .
At car. nL_"*'
OflScs— No. 14 Bansoms' street. i
San Francisco, C_U . **;
DON'T risk your money In — estlonabU -ens-
ures when you can obtain "First Mortrar*
Gold Bonds" (first lien oa downtown business
property) paying a good rate of Interest and
ss securs as Government bonds: stmfis bonds
$000 00 each : interest payable quarterly; at-
torneys seeking Investments for clients and
trustees of estates should Investigate this at
once. "Bonds," 39 Crocker building.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndlcat*
certificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PANY. 107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections: advlos fw>,
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. D22 Crossley Mjt.
~I-&TS TO I-HT. •
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an fa— aos» Uses
service absolutely frea; take advantac* of
this department; it will sav* you tlm« an<i
trouble. Cordes Furniture Cfe» 345-69 C*_r—
st.. on the square,
COTTAGES, houses and Cats to let; evtry d»-
slrabls vacant . place In San Francisoo oa
our lists: service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you wsnt to pay and the locality; "— ••
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market St.. opp. McAllister.
PAGE. 1437 — Elegant 6-room Cat and baths
hardwood floors; rent $90; new carpets for
sale. • _^
DUI5OCE are.. 257. near Market — Elegant new
modern flat (middle), 0 rooms, bath, etc;
$32 50; key upstairs. *
ELLIS. 828—2 large parlors and kitchen for
physician, hairdresser or milliner; $30; r»-
cently finished.
NEW 5-room fiat; pries $2750; up to date; eut
side of Central ave.. between Golden Gats
ave. and McAllister st.
LARK IN. 1030. 1938. 1944. near Broadway—
New modern flats. 7 and 8 rooms; rent re-
duced to $30. $33, $37 60.
A NICE, centrally located flat of 5 rooms and
bath. 1030 Sacramento St.. above Powell.
BAKER, 2110— Sunny basement fiat. 3 rooms
bath, gas; $12 60. TOn "'
MODERN upper flat of " 4 sunny rooms. 879
Sanches st., corner Twenty-third. *
FLAT of 3 or « rooms to let. 8« Grov» st.
NEW sunny upper 8 rooms, bath, etc ; matin*
, view; rent low. 1281 Vallejo at., near Hyde.
. UPPER part. 3 sunny rooms. 89 Brady naar
Twelfth and Market.
JUNIPER. S3H. bet. Tv»t_ and Eleventh, off
Folsom— 4 nice rooms; Io— ' rent.
LARGEST list of houses and Oa.t» to let. Call
on LYON -HOAO, 118 Montgomery st.
riATS rO» -A .— X — _-J_U_ imm, BT %
NEW furniture of a new ft-room fiat for sals
cheap; warm belt. 640 Guerrero st.
Furniture of desirable sunny &-r. flat J_T
Park: cheap rent: $20; adults. 35 Tremont *•*'.
7USH1T UB_ \~A~r ___>.
"~ r~I ABE L— TyTT [
Salesroom, 1133 Market »_ YTeL Jcssis 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlcs fur^
nlture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 2O per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. I_ H
BURP, auc. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 233(£
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 44S_
HENRY MAYER pays highest prtoss Mr fur^
niture, carpets, etc 782 Mission; ted. Bosh 8X1
BUSINESS CHAWCES--Contlnned. __
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 E<3dy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Flrst-claes bazaar; located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateglass windows:
More fixtures; large stock; long lease; cheap
rent; doing good business; clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial-given; established 17
years; one of beft propositions in city; sick-
ness: snap; price $."1500. " - " ¦
FOR «-a!e — Stationery, school, supplies, dress
linings; well located: cheap rent; doing good
business; 3 living rooms; stock' will- invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. ' .
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real state,
room'ng- houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. a Eddy St.
FOR sale — One of the best. hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses In
S. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons, all
equipments; nrenent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 per month; trial given if
desired: Dart down. CAMERON - CO.
1 FOR eale — Fine little 3-room cottafb and barn;
[ lot 30x1:17 feet: all furnished; horse anu
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; *10W.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Well. furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 59 rooms: rent only $150; 10- year
lease; newly painted and renovated throuch-
out; about 60 miles from S. F.: fine, grow-
ing towi.; present owner made fortune and
• wants to retire. CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investor*, such as first-class laundry. Ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous t.> mention; would be P^Vldt? *! av _
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — Stationery, notions and icecream
store; living rooms, with 3 years' lease. Box
4602. Call office.
P^TNER— Detective arid collection: small
capital; established business. • McDIAR-
MID'S. 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale — Good route on Bulletin: 700 papers.
Apply 307 Lake «t.. Richmond District.
FOR sale— Restaurant; average $20 per day.
52 Elshth st.
WANTED — Lady partner for Portland centen-
nial. Call at 20' i Seventh st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen and branch bakery; on
account of sickness ; cheap. 2700 Mission st.
SALOON: stock; fine fixtures; 6 years' lease;
fine location. Grant bldg., cor. 7th, rm. 612.
RESTAURANT doing: a splendid business for
sale; cheap. Call 004 Turk st.
$400 — PARTNER, lady or gentleman, in fine
paying restaurant. Box 88S, Call.
WANTED — Butcher shop with full equipment.
Box 4408, Call office.
FOR sale — Small Bulletin route. Inquire Bul-
letin. 23.°. Kearny St.. room 10.
$1000 HALF partner or $1900 whole; 15
rooms: bar; 3 years* lease. 210-212 East at.
FOR *ale — A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at Jackson Brewery, box 857. Call.
$125 — CANDY and pastry. 3 finely fur. rooms
and bakcnrent. C25 Taylor st., nr. Post.
PARTNER wanted In milk business; $150 mo.
to each. Box 846. Call.
GROCERY and bar In Mission for sale. Ad-
dress box 4701, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a delicatessen store; give
location and price. Box 4105, Call office.
BRANCH bakery and grocery; cheap. 4181
Twentieth et.. near Cantro.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply Ean Francisco Call office.
FINE paying drygoods store, with lease; own-
er leaving State; no agents. Box 4481. Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10OS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. " >
-.ODCHNG-HOTTSES FOR ~*t.t?
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050,
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-housesr Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Elegantly appointed family hotel of 28 rooms;
furnished with everything of the best; no
better location In city; high-class people;
furnished new about 1 year; If taken at
once will be sold at \'x actual cost to furnish;
account of sickness.
Well located house close In. with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and carpets in
first-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fine business proposition.
18.0 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month: close In; full of nice people; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership. *
We have a number of special bargains In flats
of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half, cost to furnish; must
be sold: either account of sickness or de-
parture. 5
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post et. : full nicest kind of
roomers; new and modern throughout; brings
in nice income; furniture In oak. birdseye
maple, velvet and axmlnster carpets; cost
$lb00 to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $1200.
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
$& &0 per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator^ has 108 rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing $350
to $450 per month: make offer; owner must
leave city; only wfth us.
10 rooms; rent $C5; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leavlwr city; make offer.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished-
clearing $500 to $600 per month :'.nust sell
on account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur- 1
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
45 rooms, rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full;
best buy In city; account of sickness; price
$4500. _____
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on Geary;
nicely equipped throughout: all full and
clearing nice Income; price $2000.
00 rooms; new. modern building; elegantly fur-
nished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick- 1
ness.
Have new, modern S2-rbom house; rent $375;
electric lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date; owner will 'exchange for im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
9-room flat; rent >only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
Model apart men t-huus-e. 2 and 3 rooms each:
rent is cheap: elegantly furnished: 6-year
lease; there are 00 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
'sickness.'
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished; .
cost $000; a bargain If sold at once; $250.
C5 rooms: best downtown commercial house In
city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing first-class condition; .will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property or
ranch in California; must leave city.
What do you think? 31-room apartment-house;
rent only $180; where you can clear $95 per
month; no work; this you can get for $1100;
wife at hosDital. : . ¦' •
Large: list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business (or exchange or trade always on
Hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. ¦ ¦ - .-
45 ROOMS, downtown, fine furniture r... $3000
24 rooms, central, everything new $S0O cash
SO rooms, downtown, transient $2500
14 rooms, Sutter, rent $57. . .'. $1000
100 rms., all rented, new. furnish., $CO0O cash
30 rooms, fln* corner house........... ... $3000
Eoardlng-house, 8 rooms, nr. carhouse. ...,$4.10
Furnished house, 8 rooms. Mission .$450
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT CO., 10 Turk St.,
first floor. - - - ' .
MITCHELL & CO.
1200 Market st. , Phono Jessie 29SI
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. ' Titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO. — —
PARTLY furnished - house. - IS rooms, sunny,
downtown, plain but mat: price $750; hav-
ing other property . must - «eIL Kxeluslvely
with MITCHELL _ CO.. 1200^Market st.
\t NEWLY/furnlshed rooms; central location.
DAVID BROS., cor. Kearny-Clay.clgar store
i DRUMM, 121— Lodging & boarding house; : 19
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SAIjE— Con.
—MARION GRIFFIN.—
406 Hearst building over "Examiner' en-
trance, corner Third and Market sts. : tel.
Black 3607. Hotels and rooming-houses for
sale. Free list. We furnish abstracts free
and guarantee titles. —
HO . 1. —
IT 18 WORTH your
while to sec this
20-room downtown '
house; New golden
oak. blrdseye maple
and mahogany fur*
niture.
AXMINSTER car-
pets and rich Ori-
ental .hangings. -
COST $4500. but
will take $2000; only
$1000 down and easy
installments '
PROFIT $152 per N
month; Al transient
location; near Ellis
and Powell.
MARION GRIFFIN. .;
—NO. 2. —
,|STOP — THINK— In-
vestigate, as such an
offer comes only once
in a lifetime; 3_
rooms; a fine corner
on Sutter street ; sub-
stantially furnished;
a splendid house; a
' money- maKer, omjr
$1000 down and easy
payments.
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 3.— J
COME INLAND, let
us show you a 21-
room house .near
Leavenworth • and
Post; well furnished
and as 'clean as a
pin. Net profits $07
monthly; if you want
an honest houne for
what it is worth see ____
MARION GRIFFIK.
—NO. 4.—
PRICE NOW— $1800—
A' 39-room house;
profit $140 monthly
over — all— expenses ;
easy to manage It;
the — roomers — are
honest working peo-
Ple ~ ' MARION GRIFFIN.
~* PROFIT $48 MONTH-
LY; nice, clean, re-
spectable rooming-
house on the sunny
side; north of Mar-
ket: 14 rooms; price
$750 (was $1200);
TERMS $300 down
and $10 each month.
MARION GRIFFIN. *•
—NO. 6.—
A 12 -ROOM house s
Reduced to $400;
Central: rent $30.
Income over rent $47.
AH men roomers.
Not a first-class
house, but it's re-
spectable.
MARION GRIFFIK.
________
MORTGAGED HOUSE;
mortgagee, who
loaned $900 on a
20-room house, asks
us to get him an
offer; house has bren
newly I renovated and
—NEWLY C A R-
PETED—
Clears $70 monthly;
easy terms If de-
sired: a mechanics'
house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
_ , _______ .
BEAUTIFULLY fur-
nlshed 37-room house
in best location In
this city. You need
but little money
<$15O0) to get po«- . .
session; clears $175.
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 9 —
ONLY $150 DOWN se-
cures a swell 12-
room house near
. VNOB HILL; bal.
ON TIME;
- fine . furniture; elec-
" trie lights.
MARION GRIFFIN.
" —NO. 10.— '
WANTED— A LADY
OR GENTLEMAN •
O F EDUCATION*
AND REFINE-
MENT TO IN-
V E S T IGATE A
NEW AND MOD-
ERN HOUSE of 88
ROOMS: PARTLY
FURNISHED: ALL '
B R A N D N E W;
ELECTRIC
¦ LIGHTS; PRICE
$3500; PROPERLY
MANAGED WOULD
CLEAR $300
MONTHLY. I •
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 'll.— i T~
NOTICE.
WE make exchanges
' of all kinds. Let us
. - know what kind of
• an exchange you
would like. Or If
put In with your
** property on a trade,
we can accommodate
you at short notice.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Examiner building.
$135 — SPECIAL bargain: flat of 4 nicely fur-
nished rooms in good neighborhood, near
Market St.; oak furniture, good carpets:
everything complete; rent $10: owner leav-
ing city causes the sacrifice. 8ee BROOK-
_BANK. OT7 Market St., bet. Bth and 6th.
LIST of great bargains; from 7 to 200 rooms;
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodging-
house. 377 acres land In Santa Clara County;
also 2 Oakland I lots; good paying country
hotels and roadhouses. Money loaned on.
furniture. EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale, cheap; on ac-
count of sickness; Golden Gate ave., nr. Lar-
kln st. Box 543, Call.
A .GREAT bargain— House of 14 rooms; well
furnished; mu*t be sold this week; offer
wanted. 242 Post at.
$500— BOARDING and lodging house In desir-
able part of town at a sacrifice: good reasons
for selling. 101S Sixth ave.. East Oakland.
-OPOIITO-HOTJS-S WANTED
WANTED to buy for ca?h lodging-house of
about 30 rooms. Address box 4400. Call.
CX AIBVOYAHTS.
MME. M. BERNARD ~* THE^FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bld_: ; she rends your life correctly,
fives an accurate description of the past, re-
v«-als the present happenings and portrays
• events to occur In the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or have domestic, love cr business trou-
bles, consult this great m-dlum and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all alfalrs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45»».
PROM all. sections they come to witness the
wonderrul demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. > Would It not
(Ik a relief to know how you will succeed, to
s b« reltirved of the matters that arc • troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
r. r-liable reading go to LIVINGSTONE: 3
separate reception parlors; lady attendants;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. . m. • - ¦ ' ¦
Permanently located at 26^ Kearny st;'
— -RICHARD MAYO — ~.
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
FREE TEST. FREE TEST .
To all who come prepared to have a reading.
421 A Ellis St., private flat; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. . , '
ISMAR. Ejryptlan Seeress The Vendome.; 1104
Market St., San Francisco.. Office hours— 10
*rTtt. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10'to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 0 to 8. ! Phone" South 114L
MME. ' PORTER, clairvoyant.- medium, born
¦ with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present.' future; 1. 60c; g. by cards $1; palm.
Is try full life read, $1. 303 Jones. * nr. Eddy.
Mrs.A.H.Krcnenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,* card
reader; when othtrs fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. O. ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
PROF.' - JOHNS, palmist, psychic card reader,
_5c and 50e. • 2 to 0 p. m. 17A Cth st.. -room' 1.
-\1 M K. OI JELL, clairvoyant. I card reading, tea
leaves;. 25c up. C12\? Eddy at.: no signs.
THIS ad. find COc entitles you to life reading
,-at-125 Sixth St.. ":¦--¦ - . -\
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader.Jias
returned: sittings dally. 108 6th St.. rooms 1-2.
I J BUSINESS CHASTCES;
A— $P0(i; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen; rent S-'u; all store trade: cash re-
1 cejpta about $W per day. Particulars It. -U.
WILKE. 'JU'.i Kearny tt. .
A — $S«); CORNEU Grocery and bar, with 3
furnished rooms, on Harrison St.; rent -$35;
Flaw doing a good. cash business la groceries,
a 6 iveli as In barroum. See It. G. WILKK.
_0^i Kcair.y st.
A— ?Zii0; COAL. wood, hay and grain busi-
ness ; o horses. .'5 vaBons; net rent $J4;
place established yeais; very best loca-
tion; a _ood cash business. See R. O.
WILKE. 10Vi Kearny st.
A— ?'JO0; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on I'olk tt. ; lease; living rooms; owner
mutt leave for Europe to eettle estate; a
rare chance. H. G. WILKE, 2ti& Kearny St.
A— $SOC; CORN_li saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no nlcht or Sunday work: saloon es-
tab. 2O veara and Known _s a good busi-
ness. Sc-e II. G. WILKK, 2liVa Kearny st.
A— $2Uiu; CORNER saloon, with lease. In
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the oity cause of sale; a rare chance.
_, G. WILKE, 20^a Keamy Et.
A — $4000: CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell st.; '1V± years' lease; must be
told at once; owner to leave city for tha
East. See R. G. WILKE. 2tt\j Kearny si.
RESTAURANT and cafe close to Market and
Powell tts.: ieaee; place ck-ff&ntly fitted up
and dolr_ a. large business; be&t cla?s of.
I patrona_e; ouiwr engaged in other busl-
ness; most s— crixicc. tee 1:. G. WILKE, 1
26'4 Kearny bt.
A— $2450; CORNEU grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease: rent }40: store do::;s u large cash bu&i-
necs; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 20ft Kearny st.
A— $55(K*; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building: net rent $125; lease; stock will in- '
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G. ;
WILKE. SniVj Kcamy st.
A — $2000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block lrom. Examiner building place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $7o per day. Particulars see It G.
WILKE, CG& Kearny et.
A— *KX-' — CORNER saloon, with cigar sUnd.
onTL'ourth tt.. iivlns: rooms; rent JiiO; lease; '
a _.«"i pay ln_ p'ace; bargain. Stre R. G.
WILKE. -'Git Kearny St. I
A— $1.V'O — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc., must hi sold at ence on
aecourt of. oealh; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is knowu tor 2S years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 2(i% Kearny st.
A — $«UVK); THE leadlnc candy. Icecream -and
cyster parlor across Uic bay: monthly re-
o?lptt> atom $15UO; rent *U"»; no nicer fitted
up r uict- this kind In the Slate; rare chance.
Ca'.l li. G. WILKE. 2t»hi Kearny st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
stuth of Market st. ; net rent $!W; lease 4
vears: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sisht. See R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny St.
A — *2»»V>; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: lease;
with nrst-clasa paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKK, lio'i Kearny st.
A— $T5»i; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; J nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts al>out *20; best location north
of lUrket. Call It. G. WILKE. 2BV4 Kearny.
A — $.'5SOO; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $6u; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S0U; a well established and
first-class laying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2fi> 2 Kearny st.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
'.U7 Market St.. bet Fifth and Sixth.
Pbone Folsom ltyitt.
A GROCERY and bar, located on busy street;
larct! stock and good fixtures; Al trade; 3
nice livlnx rooms; bargain for $750. See
BROOKBANK .
$150 BUYS br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and
milk depot; 3 nice i'uri. rooms; cheap rent.'
a bargain. See liROOKBANK. 017 Market.
$350 — PARTNER for well-paying cigar stand
on Market st.; elegant fixtures: full stock;
money-maker. See BROOKBANK.
$125 — Partner for well-paying restaurant: will
clear you J75 monthly. See BROOKBANK.
A FINE grocery In Western Addition; new
Btock; $A500. or will take partner.
Saloon on Fourth 6t.. near Market; $1900.
Hotel of 50 rooms in good country town;
cheap rent; $2500.
Cigar store on Third st; rent $10; $300.
Roadhouse In San Mateo County, with 8
acrtfi good land; 1 mile from Redwood City.
.¦ A large list of business, rooming-houses
and hotels for sale and exchange.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
ffjOO — RESTAURANT; great bargain; fine lo-
cation; good business; party going Ha-t; also
list of saloons. Eltel & Carroll. 212 Kearny.
$775 BUYS a nice little grocery and bar;
B<iod etock and fixtures; cheap rent. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007 »j Market at.
$500 — LARGE fruit store and fish market;
horse and wagon; large stock; living rooms.
1007 H Market tt.
SALOON men, attention! ' We have 2 good
Faloone on Sixth st. 1007% Market st.
$12T> — Partner clear Etore, to take full charge.
WESTERN REALTY CO.. 1007',* Market St.
A PARTY with $5000 cash wUhes two young
men about 25 years old with equal capital
to join him in buying, an old-establlehed and
one of the best paying businesses in this
city: must be in good standing and have
good business ability. Address box 525, Call.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want* to buy or a pur-
• chaser for what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St.,
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 346S.
SUCCESSFUL money lenders will soon open
another office and offer an interest and po-
sition to the right man who can furnish
part of loanable funds as wanted; this is
an exceptional opportunity to establish a
young man in a sound business, much like
banking; references required. Address box
1512. Call office.
FOR sale — $2000: rooming-house; 27 rooms;
rent water and" gas; $75 per mo.; clearing
flOO' ner mo.
$250 — Saloon, centrally located.
1. 2 and 3 chair barber shops, $25, $350
<*aoh. J. L. MULLER, 000 Seventh St.. Oak-
land. -__
$1500 — REAL estate business; a long estab-
lished unincumbered general real estate and
insurance agency of thoroughly reliable repu-
tation, doing good business; thoroughly
equipped; best location in Berkeley; answer
ln.mtdlattly; a sacrifice. Box 240, Berkeley
Gaz<»*.te ofnee. Berkeley.
$200 — RESTAURANT; snap; rnurt be sold at
orce. BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny et.
$500 TO $10,COrt saloons; good bargains.
*+"»«» to $3000 restaurants; good bargains.
$7M) — Partner: business chance; triflcra need
not apply. BJ2HG _ POPP, 318 Kearny it.
AN excellent chance for 2 or 3 men — For" eale,
a tine dairy; 2 blocks outside the city, line;
the latent improvements; 145 cows; 320 gal-
lons milk dally; all wholesale trade; cheap 1
rtnt and long lease. Apply In Call office. j
$250 — GOOD chance /or active man in estab-
lished caEh businesc. suitable for a man
willing to do plain light work and be satis-
fied with $75 mo. ; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co., C32 Market.
WANTED — One with $1000 to help" inventor
build a perfect machine and secure foreign
; patents; American patent applied for; for
part interest In same. Please address In-
vention, box 617. Call office.
FOR rent— 2 acres cf land; chicken houses; '
bouse with 8 rooms, furnished. Including
piano; suitable for boarding-house and chick-
en rench; $25 month;' 5 minutes' walk to
aepot- Apply 2207% Mission st.
j FOR rent — In new modern store, a hat and
gents' furnlFhlng goods dept; all ready for
stock: best location in- city; must be good
responsible people. Address 1071 Broadway
Oakland.
KEW ArkaneAs oil field— G. M. Bailey Mis- i
sourl Pacific Immigration agent. Little Rock.
Ark., can get you an oil lease, trifling ex-
pense. Fortunes from future sale leases.
A— $3C0; PARTNER wanted In light mechan-
cal business; no previous experience required 1
$15 to $33 a week each. 47 Geary, room 2.
FOR Eale— Good-paying bakery in a thriving
country town; price $1400. Apply A. C
BOLDEMANN & CO.. 113 First st.
WANTED— Partner, old-established real es-
tate business, for office work; $160 month
and over assured. Call 1118 Market st.
FOR irale or to lease— A small prlntins~(Bf_ceT
Box S45, Call.
$2?00 — FINE-PAYING corner grocery: good
bar trade; rent ?40. Inquire 074 Valencia si. !
$CV>— FI RST-CLASS naloon and fixtures for
pale.; na attachments. 324 Pacific St.
FOU sale or rent — Good . established country
h;>t? I : choice location. Owner, 237 Crossley bd.
$5000— PARTNER wanted In commission
__>_.. >M>lnni<_J. _-l« l_vr 3(790. fi_ll. '
Address Communications to
JOIIX McyAPCllT:vy/:V. viBIan-ger
W. J. M Alt TIN* KuslncgsJUggggcr
TELEPIIONE.
0 - ¦
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per fl{ - 75
Cts. P>tr Mc=»h. Eincle Copies 5 Cts.
Tenr.* by Mail. Iac!udin_ Postage (Cash W.tn
Order) : „
DAILY CALL <inclu«l. Sunday). I year...5S.W
DAILY CALL (inriad Sunday*. 0 mo... «/«
DAILY CALL— Py K_gl« Month ,»•_
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear "J™
WEEKLY CALL. I Year S""_JsS
f r_n1v «* SO Per Y»aT Extvi.
FOREIGN JS___i*^W ivr Y_.~
POSTAGE. 1 U " e \ n ,V 1 ?«) Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION =>•
Eample Cci.-.s will be rcrwanled -hen re-
quested. .
__1 «pjb«cribers In ordering char.re of «d-
<rt~s -.fcould be pertlrular to givt both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to »9,* ure * ,
prompt and corroc; ceirrliance with their re-
«ueM_ j
OAKLAND OmCE: I
:C:6 Broadway Telephone Main 10S1 .
BERKELEY OFFICE:
?1«S Cer.ter Street Telephone Nortn <<
WASHINGTON CORHESPONPENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEVT TORK NEVTS STANT)S:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Bfntano. 31
T.'r.ion Square; Murray HI! 1 Hotel; r lfth-arenue
Hotel and Hotfman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Enenr ;an House; P. O. News Co.: Gr»st
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Uctel; Palmer Ucuse.
CHICAGO nErR-SENTATTVE:
C. GCORGE KROONKSS. Marquette Building.
{— cng Distance Telephone. "Central 2C19. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 3u Tritune Bulldlnj
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald So.uar»
ZX'FINESS CFFICr: of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: j
ICC? Market ttreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. rr
6_7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
• :S0 p. m.
600 H«>w street; ef«n until 0:30 p. m.
62» McAllister ftreet; cpen until 3:30 p. m.
*16 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Jim Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
JOfi Ek-venth street; open until 9 p. m.
lKrti Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
T2tK> Fill— iore Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
KEETIKa NOTICES.
A STATED meeting of the following ,.„,
A. and A. Scottifch Rite Ixxiies will J[
be held in Commamlery Hall. Ma- t\
tonic Terr.ple. THURSDAY EVKN- JOV,
ING. No—ember IT, at X:3& o'clock for S=*?
the tnu— _ettm of r*-jr-j]E.r business of Yerba
liuena Lode* of Perft^tion No. 1; Verba
Buer.a Chat/t«>r. Knlchts Rose Croix No. 1;
Goofr*;- <le Ft. Omar Council. KnightK Ka-
dosh No. 1 ; San Francisco Confirtory No. 1.
l'y order of the master.
m HENRY PCBKEB. Registrar.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— «
Stated nifct-ting THIS (THl'HSDAT) VY
EVENING. Iloyal Arr-h Uepree. /^\
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lo-ige No. 1. F. and A. -
M.. will mea THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENING at 7 :S<» '/clock. Third /^V
deyret-. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
FIDELITY Lod_e No. 121. F~and A. Z
M.— Special meeting THIS (THLT.S- •^A/
1>AY) EVENING at 7:3i> o'clock. HA
Ttird degre--. Master Masons cor-
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 21(5, F. and A. M — m
Second decree, THIS (THURSDAY) Jv*
EVENING at 7:3<> o'clock. Sojourn- J^f^
lnif brethren cordially invited. By '
order of the master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
STARTt KING Lclge No. 344. F. and g
A. M.. ::i7 im-ivadero St.— Third de- VV
erce THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING
at 7:30. Visiting brethren cordially
invited. By order of the \V. M.
H. F./ WRIGHT. Stcretarj-.
YERBA HUENA LOIX3E NO. 15. Z^Z
I. O.O. F.— THURSDAY NIGHT. -t__B3ji_4-
Nov. 17. :.'.- 1 -':c. will reclvc^E^Bges;
end entertain Oriental Rc-bekah *** ! tt,ffrF'
Lodge No. 90; lodge m<H?ts at 7::!0 p. m.
B. I). HECK. N. G.
CROATIAN Benevolent Society - *-' b _
Jvonlmir No. d. — Meeting THIS __£_•
• THURSDAY) EVENING. Noveni- *gf3Sm
ber 17. at Fraternity Hall. U2 J^Sy
O'Farrell st. \*y?n
S. P. SUT1CH. President.
M. LUSTER. Secretary. —
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
c-ees from E. Santlrfo, in Eantirfo mine, near
Volcano. Amador County. Cal.. draining into
Grass Vall«y Creek, which rcaeh»-s Mr?ke-
lurr.ne River; from L. Delucchl and S. Maz-
rera. in Maaz^ra mine, near Volcano, Ama-
dor Coutity. Cal.. draining into South Branch
ffutter Creek, uhlch reaches Mokclumne
Kiver: from O. Eng!e. in Manila mln«. near
Ifo. Shasta County. Cal., draining Into Dry
»:r»-ek, u-hlch reaches Sacramento River;
from Gold Run Minir.g Company, In Gold
Run mine." m-ar Quincr. Plumas County,
Cal, draining Into Spanish Creek, whtch
reaches Feather River, and from H. A. and
A. A. Hallstead. in M-Kown mine, near
f>paoiffh ranch. Plumas County. Cal.. drain-
ing into Spanish Crr*k, which reaches Feath-
er rtlver, elves notice that a meetinj to re-
reive any rnotefcts will be held at room 96,
\ Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. Nov!
2S. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
_, CHEAPEST and b*et In America — Tb» Weekly
Call. 16 pajres. sent to any adflr-sa In _>•
Vetted Etatea or Canada car year for SI.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — A reliable man or woman to~"man^
sire a branch supply office for faiesmen; no
investment or rtmvessinz required in poa i-
«lon; expenses advanced; weekly salary and
5 per cent commission. Address Manager
Supply Dept.. &ih floor, Thompson bide St
Louis. "
AGENTS for family liquors; commission and
wages. Apply S Taylor. C-10. 3-4 o'clock.
LADY ajrents wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's Suppositories. 1312 Market st.. r. 316.
ATTOBarirrs-AT-x.A'w.
A FRAUDULENT diverge is dear Bt $12~a*«d
is ro rood; tor 22 years I've n;a3« divorces
a epeciilty: quick; .julet; no ir.or.ej- needed;
no pay unlets divorce Is granted- perfectly
reMabie; lowest Tee*: advice *r<?e; collections
rr.fciie. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Attorrey-at-law. Exam, bldg."
Cth floor: entrance room Oil; established 2iJ
years: c!l courts, e»neral court and office i
practice; no fees in advance cr for ccns-Jita- '
tlon; tvcnltig by crpolntment. Tel Red 3«5O1.
AA — Divorce; costs $12; quick, qu!et:aflvle« free"
all law busine?:i; no charir# urless success-
ful; cpen evenings. lr_7 __rket it., room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or 1
costs- In advance; a!I law huslnesR; off.ee !
©i>cn Saturday evenings. S13 Market Et.. r. 33.
L. R. CLARK. H27 Market, rocm 804; conwilta-
tion free; no fees In advcr.ee; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
"6 pare*, ia —rapper, for maillas. SI per vear.
ADOPTION.
A WELL-EDUCATED, middle- aged couple~i_
comrortal/Ic circumstances, without chil-
dren, wants to adopt little clrl. or boy pre-
ferred, oyr-d from 2 to 5 rears; the peupie
t.wn a fruit ranch in the b«alt_U_t part of
California. Full lnformttion n-.ay be had
by addressing box MI4, Call office.
ASTgMA CTTBE.
DI NOLA'S Aethir.a Itemedy relievos Ir.rtantly
JCe. 2T.C, TiOe. 1602 Market, St. Nicholas;
sIfo WUhart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
AUTOMOBI—ZS.
WANTED — Good second-hand automobile;
»tat*. price, etc. Box 4008. Call olflce.
CLO THING HENOVATIKO.
.
:>1"1TS cleaned end pressed. 51 : scouring and
t'.yirs. lion Marcbe. Examiner bids., r. 410;
;l.rar 7>runi— 1 41. Call for and deliver free.
CO_-._CTIOIf OFFICES.
KAD tenant* ejected for $4; collections made;
«*Hy or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
MoBt$c..mejy St., rooms 0-10. T»L Main /_-» '
_,»___u us-— a. BBKJ-jjj—a _gi_~— h ,a *s\ F^/^I T\Tff\ GL A /"* fy f\T^l CLI T /I/I /Vl IT \A/
j£^ p__^3 Jj_3 _!____ ~""""™""~ = A 1O = HOUiNO -^Ai-'iv Ur _5Uivii*ii 1 «_5i^iv/vvTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY, NOVEMBER -17 ? 1904.
13
PEBSOgAXS.
"REXRADIO'S" LATKST SURPRISE:
"FROM INFLAMMATORY RHEUMATIPM.
LUMBAGO, SCIATICA (DREADFUL AGO-
NIES). COULDN'T STOOP, WALKED
SLOWLY. PAINFULLY. 'INSTANTLY'
HELPED WONDERFULLY; BENT BACK.
STOOPED EASILY; NEXT DAY (WED-
NESDAY) STOOPED TWICE AS FAR,
RAN AND LEAPED. COULDN'T HAVE
DONE THIS BEFORE FOR A FORTUNE;
PAINS GONE. SEE MU AT OFFICES.
AFTERNOON?." HUNDREDS OF EQUAL-
.LY MARVELOUS CASES. SEE WONDEK-
FUL AD.. THIS COLUMN, FRIDAY.
HOLRS 2 TO 7. FREE "PUBLIC" HEAL-
INGS 2 AND 8. 783 H MARKET ST.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox plt-
tlncs. tagzlness of eyes or any blemish of
the face. Mme. tillUngham Invites you to
call and Investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other In this
city; demonstrator can be esen dally. 143
Stockton st.: write (or booklet.
M. ELLA HARRIS. French liquid powder;
Rives face, neclc and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off; sand
only |1 and test It for yourself. M.- Ella Har-
ris, ch«mlst and skin specialist. 129 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth. htopa railing;, cures dandruff
and Itching ecalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Po:k.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all drugrists for
over 20 years: price BOc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL. & BROWN, 40- Turk St.. 8. F.
RAG carpets wove to crder and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, slik portieres; dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rate*. Gco. Matthews, 700 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
aels, tapestry and mo<juett«; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
8C2 Market St.. Oakland: take West 8th car.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S03. . 2122 Fniroore st.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and SI BO per we*H- T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 810 Post St.. near Powell.
WIL.L the. younfr lady who complained of In-
digestion kindly try CHICLETS for her
stomach's sake?
ELEGANT. suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 830 Market.
H. ANDERSONf 26 O'FarreU st.— Theatrical,
masquerade and rarnlval costumar.
MRS. DR. OWYER. 811 A Leavenworth St.. b«-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.- Tel. East 087.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
'XEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 720 Market uX.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-optratlve Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. I.EMO3, 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. US Montgomery at.
ONE2 dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art TalloVlng. 1M4 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle Mrm.
Eaton,36a Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Oeary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 M; dress pants <2 3(T
_Ml«flt Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumea play IhxjVs. wlgs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'B Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural col or. $1 at all druggists*.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 page*, sent to any address In tha
united States or Canada one year for tl.
FxnrszciAsrs jlhh stracrEoxs.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
10211& Market st., bet. 6th and 7th. particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.'
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1O73',6 Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; far
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. cow lo-
cated at 067 Geary st.. Dear Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases curtd by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 .week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlnstham. 204 Sutter.
10-lb SACK OF
~ ~ : ~" ~ — ; -i (Each Sack Inclosed in Paper Bag)
'^Y~~ "~^r Given Away With Every Want
/ \ Ad at Our Office. Or if Preferred,
III" tifllt?8V : «9il7 9 Will Be Delivered to Your Home
/ H © 1 ' \ SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR is a new flour that has
/ Cllfvin /"• — \ *^wli : facture is most carefully watched from FIELD TO
• I B$l7 " ' V- \>—v ] 3 FAMILY. It is so named because it is highest in quality,
j PjT 7 /:¦?• 'tip \ /*M ™ ' •- in color, in strength and in purity, and is always uniform.
I J^r/< v A. <MiL*rs SUMMIT SNOW FLOUR' offers an extraordinary
I "^| 0^j^ .; jh &S premium to every consumer. Dividend stock without lia-
I . %^v • » bility is given to every purchaser. For every four names,
I >^s^|lP8p^ ;^\ "SUMMIT SNOW," cut from the top of sack and pre-
3^ sented to the office of the Standard Flour Co., 133 Spear
'^^WT'T'vJlr' l?ll/I?'K I^li'Hllf-illlfrfJM^AiiGfi^^l Hrlfl^iltlAHCrl/ «* strect - OI1C shareof dividend stock will be given. Each
llf'^^imfffl^ shareholder will receive a dividend of from 8 to 20
£&)' &|P^ per cent per annum.
rjffCTft C^ fy~?/^\rt^^ ' ie Standard Flour Co. is incorporated for $1,000,-
(^/JT?f~Y~TJv 1 1 1 7/ r^j/A iiuJ ' doo, and an energetic campaign • of publicity and sale has
iJ^ v/ffcf iJ_Wj'~* * been begun. Thousands of dollars will be distributed an-
*^***t*J *J* J -\ v ,1 nually to stock-holding consumers. Bring your Want Ads
£*&*} IMDRHVF D kWtafl PROCFS^ 'I t0 our office and get a ten-pound sack free of this NO. 1
*ps* il irtWJV U.W gpi ; FIRST-CLASS FAMILY FLOUR.
H^w^wHwywa || Tlmrsflay, Friflay or Satnrflav
C.A.HUTTON & CO. : -| — J L
\ SAN FRANCISCO 1 / «»— ». c« 7 ta.ib^ a %s s+ a v v
bccwsivb orsTRiBOToRs '. The SUNDAY CALL
-*¦ FOR*- I ;
STANDARD FLOUR CO. i call business office
£__ g|f V Third and Market Streets
- t^zmak. Oakland Office -- -^ 1016 Broadway
MONEY TO 1,0 AIT.
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN.;
INTEREST 5}i AND S PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Eecond rrortguges, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests in prop-
erty, probate realty leans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and unoivlded interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-103 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
A A A— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlement*; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgagee, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments' of rente, property In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
,• WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
. . I«w_rate of interest.
;v .',.:-¦ Give full particulars
• of prop«rty or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. CaU office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money leaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any cne: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and set terms. Drake. 433 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
reifTtfY»l;'(.no publicity; also on real estate;
'ltt'of 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market: tel. Mala 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardlng-houset. without
security; eusy payments; large business In 49
principal cities. Toln.an. 053 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, . chattel mort-
~ gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
- near Market.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 23 Stockton st.
leans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at Jow Interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds, p«arls and precious stories bougbt
5 at W. J. HESTHAL'G. 10 Sixth st. ,
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable intere^^j^jacolton. 717 Mills 1>IJ.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan A
' Ha|l. room 1213 Call bldg; phone Main 3211.
MONEY, loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry:
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people. without security. The White
Co.. 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 13.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you ace
us. Hutton Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
ETAU Loan Co." of Wyoming loans to salaried
. employes. Room 811.. Mutual flav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelryat 2pex cent
' mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S ICearny.
8 % ON furniture St pianos; $13 up; no removal;
.no.com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser % MORRELL. R09 Examiner building.
A'WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th- Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, tor mailing. $1 per year.
mjRSES.
SECOND ave. 734. near Fulton—Home and
care for Invalids and for mental and nervous
cases"; phone Page 2505.
PAPEBHAgOnTO.; FAIirTCTQ. ITC. _
Flrst-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
'MAINE. 1CC7 McAllister st.; tel. Fell 2403.
FTJBCHASIUa AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun- i
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
' ed. 303 Larkin at. room 43; Ul. South 31S.
MISCELEAWZOPB— FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery-, 'engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY^CO... 1S0-132 Beale St.
BOILEnS. engines. 2d-hand machinery.. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 11*5-107 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~ "
Repair It with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting o r coating; good over old
Iron, tin or ehlngles; best for n«w roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market 8t.
FOR sale— New .and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 682 Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds ' Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton et.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machlnery~~enT
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear tt.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 23 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits...! COOPER
21 Stockton et. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair-
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
chargtg. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free;
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12, upstairs. '
F0H sale— Automobile delivery wagon* good
an n»w; cheap. Call a. FODERA'S, 020
Montgomery st. '.
DEEP, WELL drilling outfit: steam power.
William Edward & Co.. Ill Fremont st.
STOVES disconnected and connected- }¦> CO'
plumblng.gasfltng.'lOQ McAlHgter;tel.Mlnt 3C50
TWO handsome fresh milk rows, just- calved-
milk S gallons day. 1100 Florida, cor. 26th.
FOR sales — Second-hand shoemaker's machine;
fine order; cheap. -407 Nicol ave., Fruitvale.
WANTED— Buyer for second-hand furniture,
books and clothing. 105 Fifth -at, room 10.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes epcts and
< etalns; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS englr.es. centrifugal pumps; hlcheet zrade-
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 62.1 Market st.
Wallpaper. 8-^c; paint $1 gaL; painting, whit-
enlng. Merlgan.1302 Websteritel.Stclner 3671.
SAFES and cash - registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, «ash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. l(jQ7 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 23 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for. sale for $73.' SE-
CURITY LOAN* & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. '$30: terras $3 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.; 81I> Third itel.Maln 413.
DF.SK8 bought, sold and exchanged^ T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard ft Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. ' THE ' HER- '
MANN BAFE CO.; 307 Battery at, '
OAEOLINK engines, automobiles and launches;
all »Ues. J..B.-POAK. 46 Fremont st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paa-es. »»nt to any address in the
TTntt** R*f« firTiin'iliion* year for «I.
MISCB^IiAKEOUS WAHTS.
AAAAAA— Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing: special price. for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. 022 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3022.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast^
off clothing. Tel. Davis 823,- 6S0 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious '. stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO., room 40S, Ad-
ams bldg.^jiOO^Mrn^jBt^pjionaBlackaaiO.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Pth st;tel. Jessl* 3D16.
Levy &'R3dl«r. hlgrhest price for rents* cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1344. 61S Washington.
MATTRESSES ABTD PHLOWS.
TO order; renovated,' disinfected , (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
¦¦• BROS., 1132-31 Howard at. ; phone South 216.
; HEIiP WAjraED~81AIiB^Contlniied.^
A— MLRRAY&READY. 034-636 Clay «t
Phone Main t>n4S.
Leading Employment and l^bor Agents.
We epeak the German, French. Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanifh, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1003 We Giv* " IS** ™* U T™
00.000 Men Work. Increaee 60.000.
CARPENTERS. -" CARPENTERS.
MILLWRIGHTS.
10 house carrenters. lone job. country, fare
$1 hi) 8 boura day. $3 M> day.
4 carpenters, large co., steady, $3 60 oay.
10 bridge carpenters, new Job. $3 50 day.
i Carpenter, mine, Humboldt Co.. $60 fd.
I MILLWRIGHTS.
5 millwright* eawmlll co.. south.
MECHANICALS.
Machinist, city, $3 25; plumber or. gaBfltter.
city.
Painter for stack work, large company,
country. $3 day. >-V'v
BENCH HANDS
4 bench hands, country planing mill. $3 50
day.
Blacksmith, carriage, city. $3 day.
Gralner and painter, fare 15c. ?3 50 day.
MfRKAY & READY. (M4-C36 Clay st.
~~ " COAL MINERS.
OREGON. FREE FARE. OREGON.
g 8 8
Coal miners for a good mine, well venti-
lated; no gas; $1 ton; big money can be
made on the Job In State of
FREE OREGON' FREE
FARE OREGON FARE
NEW WORK.
10 Uborera, $«10; 5 teamat«r». $00. '
MISCELLANEOUS.
10 muckers. go>jd mine, $75; man to make
olive oil, *ee boss here. Placer County, good
wages: younjr man to drive coal wagon, city.
$9 week; cnorerr.an. private place, $30 and
found: upholsterer, country shop, steady Job,
fare $1. $15 week; millman. furulturo fac-
tory, city.
FARMERS. MILKERS. ETC. •
20 farm hand* and plow teamsters; 6 milk-
er*: 8 chorecien and choreboys, private and
ranches.
MARRIED.
Cook and vilfe for mine boarding-house,
Ftate of Nevada, 35 men. $65 and found.
Farmer and wife, Fanta Clara County; see
bees here; $t0 and found.
Farmers and wife, Oregon. $400 year.
HOTELS.
4 cooks, city anJ country; f> waiters, O
Wtchen hand* and dlFhwasners, porters, bell
and elevator boys; butcher, country shop,
fare $1. $35 and found.
SPECIALS.
CattU buyer, larg* firm, $100 and found.
Foreman, concrete work, see boss here. $00.
Grading: foreman, construction job, $00.
Working foreman ranch and dairy, $35 fd.
MURRAY & READY. C3J and 636 Clay st.
MEN— The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade in 6 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College. «49 Sacramento at.
Lately moved from Clay st.
BARBERS. ATTENTION!
Wanted — F!r*t-cla*s barber-shop doing good
business; 2 to C chairs; will pay cash for the
eame. Address, with full . particulars, bo*
4792. Call office.
&-CHAIR 10c barber shop for sale; rent $12 50:
Price $150: taking in from $15 to $55 w?ek;
2 chairs steady. Address 227 J st, Sac-
ramento, Cal.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall
and custom-house positions. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific Corre!?ponderu?e Institute,
Grant bldg., 1085 Market et. «!
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roiktn, Reno Hcure proprietor, has
added 100 nern* rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third et. ; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
CVTTER wanted: one with experience and of
good appearance; none but flret-class men
reed apply. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market.
EltKAND boy for drugstore; age 12 or 13
year*: no night nor Sunday work. Bjx 520,
Call office.
MKN— The btrber trade taught free: wag«s
after fimt week; tiew method. HAIGHT'S.
611 Commercial tt.
WANTED — Educated gentleman competent for
encyclopedia work: salary $1000; references
required. 47. Academy cf Sciences.
TRY our ir.en's slides, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form Ehoei», $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
TWO young men: barber trade taught free;
wages after first week. 751 Mission st
ENERGETIC, reliable rr.eh as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth. s_t .
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky cne. 741 Howard st. " ~
W ANTED — Man to learn a good trade; paid
while learning. Call CIS Merchant st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart et
MEN wanted at 137 3d st, where shoes arc re-
paired by machinery; sewed f>ole6 10 mln., 73c.
SAILORS and young men Cgreen hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law ar.d Adjustment Co., 323 Montgy., r.-H5.-
PENSION Btty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bM.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third «t.. near Mar-
ket — ICO rcxima; 35c nljrht: reading rocms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep^
tion of advert!nements and subscrlptlcntr^has
been opened at 100$ Market et, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL elres men's shoes. elJently damaged, half
price. 503 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
i HORSES ATO WAGOSTS.
FOR sale', cheap. Iron gray horse; weight 1230
pounds; r.crk single or. double. Inquire at
113 Welrh St.. n»ar Fourth. R. F. J.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Co*ta
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S. F.
AUCTION sale of horsep. wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a.- m. 327 Sixth et.
FOR sale — Handsome pony; ride or drive; gen-
t!e; $-10. 131S Grove it.
NEW and aecsnd-hand wagon?, buggies, eur-
rt-ys cheap. 100 Golden Gate aye.
TWO fire paridle top wagona for sale cheap.
1306 Folscm st.
FOR sale cheap, all kinds of business wagons;
new and second hand. 1503 Folsom et.
FOR sale — Pair of large draught horses. Ad-
dress box 4504, Call office.
FOR pale — 3 eecond-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st.
GOING out of buelneF*: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1GS0 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
WAGONETTES, (surrey*, burgles, wajrons. har.
ness, work fk driving homes: 15th -Valencia.
HOPSES TO SET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN fc CO.. 20 Montgomery
HOUSES FPaSISHSD— POP SALS.
A GREAT bargain— House of 14 rooms; well
furnished; must- be scld' this week; offer
want*d. 242 Post st. . '
Hovfe of 8 rooms, neatly furn.; all rented; no
rcas. offer refused. 802 McAllister, 1 to S.
_^ HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness ave.—
Tnid flrst-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location Is uneurpassed. The
equipments ara all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are larje, eunny' and
comfortable: superb view; furnishings are all
elewnt. Cuisine highest order. II. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Lancharo,
N. Y.. and Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
HOtJSE-CLEAITING OFFICES.
JAPANESE hourecleanlng company and shoe-
maker. 618 Gough et.; phone Howard 3563.
; fcOST aitp romro. . •
LOBT — A brown carved leather purse contain-
ing about $3, $5 being In gold, balance In
pilver: loit on Market at, between Third and
Fourth, or on ElHs-st. car between Market
and Devisadero ets. Liberal reward if, re-
turned to cashier of The Call.
XjOBT — Monday evening. November 14. on Mir-
ket-st., near Mason, a purse. containing. dia-
mond rings and other Jewelry. A reward of
$200 will be paid and no questions aeked on
return of articles to room 401, Hotel St.
Nicholas. - r. ¦¦¦•• . ¦¦;.<¦
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
end Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of CURTIS A. BOLTON, No. 241-
1466. Th4 finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Elk'i tooth ' emblem,. ect with diamond.
engraved C. W. L—218; $5 reward. 1433
Park st, .Alameda.
LOST — Diamcnd locket containing photo; re-
ward. . 1212 Pacific et. • ¦.-.•¦¦' '
HELP ' VAHTgBB-—yiagAXC.
TWO cooks $30
Housework. Ban Mateo $30
Man and wife, country hotel $05
Peccnd girl ISO
Cock, no math, Mill Valley $30
Waitress, country hotel $20
Weltr*»a. restaurant $G week
Valet and butler $45
<.*ftamberrnald and waitress, country $25
Cook, email boarding-house $23
Housekeeper. 2 rsen and a child $20
And larre number of girls, city and coun-
try $20. $23
J. y. CROEETT & CO.. 334 Sutter BC
AT THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD
COMPANY.
$ glrlt. m&ke envelopes. $3 while learning.
Girls, housewerk.
Lady solicit printing, $10 and commission.
:--...;•.<•- to maki men's neckwear.
t*aJ«-sla(!Iea, stocks! end bonds.
Cl Third «. Ladles' Department room 10.
WANTED — Protestant frlrl for housework in
nice American family In city; $"0. See lady
this forenoon at J. F. CROSETT & CO.'S.
3iJ4 Butter «t.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12 —
Chambermaid. $23; waitress. $25.
A— WANTED— Qlrts to learn halrcreajlnx.
irar.ic .ring etc. ; trade taught from A to Z ¦
. In 2 -reeks ; tuition $5 to those entering now; \
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 r*r week up; lead.ng
¦chool In W— t. 233 Geary at. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to l»arn millinery now for |
fall tuton; both txiiont t>up!.t from start
to ftnlfh tn one month for $5: positions a*
trimmers, salealaflles. makers, guaranteed at
' 110 per week up; 7 positions to be fliled lm-
tne&iattly. Parlors. 1« 8tockton tl.. r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng,
manicuring, electric rnaaeace, etc.; six hours' I
practice a dar: guarantees positions; only j
reeocnlxed college of its kind on coast: day
aad evening classes; aJl parlor work at re-
guc»d price*. 1S3 Powell tt
"WANTED— To-<Jay, en exp. operator on vests, |
$2 per 4*r; 2 nurseglrls, $W; 1 cook. $23: i
2 young ladt<»s for a candy store, $S to $10
week: 2 clrl* for housework, $20 tno. C12-
€13 Grant buildinr; South 1<M.
REMUNERATIVE employment, moderate sal-
ary arid Uberal commissions fcf a limited
number of ladler: must be well dressed, well
*duc«ted and srsod conversationalists. Apply
<5urlt:g afternoon, rorm 621. Starr- King bldg.
WANTED — Young rirl for light housework, 2
In family, wag's $13: apply between 9 and
10. r-.o Pine et.. room 33, Montdalr apart-
ments.
GIRL for light housework and assist with
child; rood, wages; carfare paid; apply
Thursday forenoon. S22 Maple st, near
Sacramento.
FIRST-CLASS jacket hand wanted in altera-
tion room. Apply superintendent's office, the
EmjxMitrm.
WANTED— T«i thousand really delightful
young ladles to use really delightful CHIC-
LETS.
A NEAT younjr Protestant girl for general
housework; email family; wages $20. 2215
V&n .Ness ave.. Bear Broadway.
GinL for housework. 61 Cumberland et, b«t
Nineteenth and Twentieth. Guerrero and Do-
lores.
LAPIES fcr steady home employment: $S to
*12 weekly. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st., room CIS.
COAT finisher and apprentice. THEO PLANZ,
Tailor. 665 Geary Et.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply.
' with references. 5£KJ Haight st.
WANTED — Girl for eecond work and waiting.
12<j7 Uy&* et.
WANTED — Of flee (rirl who can use tJT«*nter:
;H.rJuaxient; $»5. Ot-cult Temple, 1015 gutter.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
btft pay; steady work. 28 First at
MANGLE girl. St. Nicholas Hotel, corner
Ninth and Market sts.
COMPETHNT sirl for general houeework and
cooklnp; -smail family. 2333 Pine *t.
SEI.P WANTED — MALE.
AAA-PEERTK MERCANTILE BUREAU.
SOG Market «... room 335. fifth floor.
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $23 week
Etenographt-r $15 week
Manager dPiiertmer.t store $23 week
Bill *nd entry clerk $13 week
:.:..„ clerk $12 week j
..Chesker „. .*15 -aetk
- Timrkf.cpe™ ¦. $13 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
XZollector $15 week
F-.oer- manager . . .? .$18 week
Two ahlyjjing clerka $15 week
General ojflce work $15 week
Hank clerk (bond required) *25 week
Young man iearn dentlrtry $lrt week
RO6 Market *t.. room S25. fifth floor.'
AT HORD & l£MITH'.6.
Contractors' Ag»nts. 95 Third Bt
Elderly man to milk- 7 cows. $23 and found.
t=r-ee;< herder. fSO and found, fare $1.
G*-rrr.an cr t-weJlsh bey for candy factory, $8
*«*k.
Elderly rr.an for chores, pri\ r ate place, $13
*n4 found.
-s%. '.. ¦¦•• i for tea sndwffee, big Inducements.
Amsdor -County, teamjtere. $2.
CLOTHING and furnithing goods talesman.
*20 »-««k: shoe «ale.»man. country, $75 month;
butler and vtlet, $43 and found; carriage
T-aint.tr. ccu'try; shoem»ker t city; fanners,
_.*;/' ;.ni fvu:Kl: blacksmith's helper and floor-
raan. $2 M» ciay. and othera J. F. CROSETT
¦tc CXI . G2& Sjtcraaienta «t ¦
THE I'.f>mi>n-8hlrk Register. Renting and
Adv. Oo.. tl2-»;i3 Grant bldg.. eouth 104—
, «?ne. neat appearing rents' furnishing roods
salesman with city references; one flrst-cl&ffl
rlothlnc ealetman urth city references, must
hav- gooj erpearance; 2 good waiters, $30.'
A TOr.VG man between 25 aad 85, of rood
farr.Hy and business ebillty. in retail busi-
ness: man inveft at leest $5000; In addition
t-i ealary will share profits. Address box
I'M. <^I1. '
T&" ANTED — Gocd piano reader 'or faker who
can play for a road ehow for ainjring and
dancing; good ealary to rtsht party: no
bums; towns around the city. Call or
write to W. J. NEVECKER, CM Grove at
"R'ANTEP— Young man wljo Is a thoroughly
experienced e!ik anfl dress (roods salesman.
- Apply between 9 and II a. in. at HALE
BROS.
BOT wanted; a 't'r«. brirht boy for office
work. Apply superintendent's office. The
• Pjmroriuin.
X\ANTED— A good oyster opener; $53 and
board to right rr.an. Address Pete's oyster
. house. 21 W. Ean Fernando «t.. Ean Jose.
COOD t&rber as xarLner: must have $40 to
*5<» re»dy rocnej-. ?85 Turk at, bet. 8 and
- 10 a. m.
BOY wanted, to <Jo general work In store;
steady position. MAP.KS EROS.. 10C Sixth.
\VANTKD-^Every confectioner to tell his cus-
top-JTS atout CHICLETB. •
BARBEIt who. has ether work; Wed. eve.. Sat
eve., airaday morning. Box 8<7. Call.
A BLACKSMITH wanted at 11CS Mission et.
r • — — . . . .
DISHWASHER wanted. 02 Eighth at.
MAN to clean around 2 hours In mornlnr in
-J!?.''^ a;ire for room. 781 Mission rt
WANTED— a pof>.l painter and gralr.er: non-
_«n»on. Call S3S1 Twenty-flfth et.
Lt'NCH waiter ror~«mall~re7tlurant. 25S5
_lla.rkitt_»t.. nea r Sixteenth.
rinST-CLASS fcarJ>er""»hot>" for Bale: doing
r ¦¦'¦ i i owner retiring. 2584 Market.
WANTED— Men to "flifsSfTirocms at~ 20c~per
r..pfct; clothes clopets. hair mattress: tkctrlc
» ilftt^ln every room. C81 Howard ft.
C^I J 0Ur^ C w. n«"-eoled while waiting; 25c
; tS^OQC. .>UT Mlstion st. bet 1st and 2i ets .
tr 11 Thlid st.. Examiner building.
™T A £33r D ~», A bl * °?n7e~boy. Union
L'.thr^raph Co.. Z23 Kansome et.
DABBSB: fir«t-<-|aes. cxp*rience« man; Oa.t-
land tide. Ctfl Oakland Pier gho-).
WANTED- Stamen and ordinary seamen to all
T arts of world. Thos. Murray. SI 0 Davis It. !
U/ t H u V A H h T-ie fl75: nolhlr -^ f« good will;
half flown, half on payment. 2848 Miislon.
MAN to take orders fcr a cewepaxwr and*
prtettng. ¦ Apply g;9 Firbert at * nfl
USEFCTL. octr.p«ter.t German! liquor store-
Und bar: ttt. ege and refs. Box 4518. Cafl.'
ETr L°^ a ,*"¦» na ***• «»»eot IS years old. foi
m-fcolctale bouse. AfldreM box 831, CalL
WANTED— One-chaJr barber ibopj clty'or
country cr opening. Box SS3. Call offlct.
TOUNG man to learn photorraphy; splendid
. twopoeitlon offered. SOS 12th tt. Oakland
WANTED— Yeunr man with $100 for food-
paying legitimate business. Box 8S7, CalL
TOUNQ. man to learn tailoring; room and
beard; frqall wartg. 1908 Flllmore Bt.
MUSICIANS to Join braes band. 828 Bush
et. third flocr. -
LOST AND gQTJHP — Continued. .
LOST — Female pointer, last Saturday p. m.; li-
cense 5S9; reward offered. 311 Montgomery
avenue.
LOST — A severe c-^se of indigestion. The loser
chews CHICLETS. You'll never find It if
you chew CHICLETS.
LOST— Lady's cold watch; initials "E. J. F."
Return to 002 Oak St.; reward.
FOUND — Purs* containing money. Call MRS. !
MARQUARD, 1704 Waller st.
FOUND — Fraternal badge, 21th et. and Po- j
trerp ave. REA BROS. ]
LAUWCEES FOR HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In troubl*. or suffering from
any ailment nocullar to their sex. can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no Day. .
DR. « HITE. 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest, nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a.
KliLIABLK graduate physician. When In
trouble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
tho unfortunate helped; 1 promise b«st at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1; est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 303 Kearny nt.
MUS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
mal > foubles and- Irregularities; Instant rc-
llef guaranteed. IQObH Market St., opp. Bth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
ruin ntted; 30 years' experience. 94 1 Post st.
VALPEAU'S remain pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS j
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway
Oakland. ' . -
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known. ladles' speT
claUst, has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experienco In female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fall tee the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home. 412 Taylor Bt., near Geary.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
st. :rellef guaranteed; no drugs, no operatlona
A word to the wise Is sufficient.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble conauU . this specialist on female
¦ complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated*
advice free. Otnce. 1018 Market at. ,
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
LADIES— Kumround; safe, sure, never falls'
$2. Drug Co.. Kearny It Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2903 Folsom at., corner
2«fth: ladies, relief or no fee: $10. .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARISTOCRAT among pianos— the Gabler;
. oldest, exclusive, high-class piano In Amer-
ica; over 60.000 bold in the past f.O years
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.. S.
K. ; 1252 Broadway, Oakland; manufacturers
of the Peerless Heine; largest stock and
greatest variety; installments and rents $2
up; prices from $25 to $1000. ,-
A TEW GENUINE UPRIOHT B"aR<3AIN8: I
Muecard — Small upright, fine order. •
• Flrcher — Fine order, very reasonable. '
' Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year .'
Checkering — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber— Mahogany case. 3 pedals. Ilk* new,
from $85 up: easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & 8ON, 18 O'FarreU st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental' allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. {WO Hayes st.
ELEGANT uprlghts.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Plerce's Piano Factory, Market A. 14th Ms.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy at. ; ¦
(90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNO. 218 McAllister at ¦ - .
8OHMEB, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st. •¦
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 msnthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Fhontnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'FarreU.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The Weekly CaU.
16 {ages, in wrapper, for- mailing. $1 per year.
b— < I § 1 1 L^ a ¥ I \y fh * i\] W § i fiH tr^ At * H * AS I J\ § I # S£S i pNn^p? garag « tag B
REAI. ESTATE— CITY— rO» BALB.
SPECK & CO..
20U Montgomery st.
Selling. Insaraac*.
Incasing. Rants Collected.
$10.01/0 — Vicinity 4th and Folsom sts.: two
frontages; «0xl6O ft.; pay« 6 per cent
net: a purchase with a future.
J20.0CC — 3J ft. corner, close to and north of
Market St.; » new flats; an excellent In-
vestment preposition; Income |2SS0 a
year.
$13,3C0— Splendid corner on Folsom at-. elo««
in, with good Improvements; present In-
com* S123U; lot 20x90.
$13,2C0 — New flats best part of Richmond dis-
trict, close to Golden Gat* Park and 4
car Him; rents *137 60 monthly: $»30o
bank mortgage can remain; lot 48x120.
5U.50O— Pine st.. east of Taylor; an especially
desirable property with good improve-
ments; there Is llttla offered for sala la
thl* neighborhood; no mistake la buy-
ing this; lot 23x137:6 ft.
$0.500 — New Western Addition flats (California,
st.); rented at %9i month; pleasantly
located and a good buy; lot 23xI0O ft.;
$40C0 bank mortgage can remain.
$3.0CO— 70-ft. business corner on Mission at..
In the Mission, witn substantial and
good Improvements, stores and flats;
steady Income prudueer; *T3 month.
$7.200— Two new flau In Western Addition
<Pln« st.); these ara desirable; rents
$60 monthly: lot 32x100 ft.
RESIDENCES.
Ill.OCO— Beautiful modern house In first-class
condition; 11 rooms and bath; bllUard-
room; finished basement; aelect n«igh-
borhood: lot 25x100:3 ft.; also many,
other rtesirabls residences; descriptions
upon application.
CHOICE LOTS.
$.¦55,000— Superb corner. 137:8x123; finest resl-
dance kite in tha city; unsurpassed
niartn* view.
$13.500 — Fine lot on 11th at., near Foleom; 50x
2C0; no reasonable- offar refused.
$1,500 each for very choice lots In Richmond
district, close to main entrance Golden
Gata Park; on four ear lines; nothing
better In vicinity.
SPECK & CO..
200 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills building.
W. J. GUN'N. wo CALIFORNIA ST.
(Saving* Union Building.)
$1700— Cheapest lot In W. A.: 27:«xllO: north
or sunny aide Union St., with marine,
view; ready for bulldlns: no gracing:
cars Dass: nice resiliences to go upon
adjoining lota Just soM.
$1800 for both— East line 11th av«.. 225 ft.
south of Point Lobes; 2 lots. 51m 120:
graded, macadamised and sewered; a
splendid buy; vary cheap.
$2030 for both — W side 11th ave., near Clem-
ent: 2 lota. 50x120.
$3600— E line 21st ave.. 8 from Lake; 90x120.
$2000— E line 21st ave.. M of California; 50x
120.
Clement ar.d 11th ave., 73x120: 6 fiats and
»tor» can be built; submit offer; w« want
to sell.
S550--E side 21st ave., near Point Lobes:
25x120.
Pretty cottage residence In Richmond: built
with great care and in perfect condition;
on sunny side of street; a bargain, as
owner is leaving city.
Choice building lot on Green St., sunny aide;
grand marine view; 34x103; a very de-
sirable lot; street bltuminlzed; overlooks
the Presidio; a fine buy; a bargain, !
Beautiful building sites on Pacific -Heights,
with a panoramic marine view; ready for
building; street work done; «i2es 34x
137:6 and 27x126; one corner Just sold,
and a foO.OOO residence to be built; one
comer left. 40x126.
Call at office for particulars. Wj want tn
sell. Buyers looking for the choicest resi-
dence lots should examine these lots.
W. J. Ct'.V.V,
C30 CALIFORNIA ST.
SOME MORE SOLD. >< '¦'-'.
$1 23 PER W'KEX.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXE3.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract:
l«ivel as a billiard table; on grade; cloee to
fine school and Mission street electric cars;
bcurd to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocean Boulevard: best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Gat tha children
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE.
2C Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Mala 8704.
THOMAS MAGEE Sk SONS,
REAL E9TATB AGENTS.
0 MONTGOMERY BT.
OVER*73xl37*:6. lV|.
EXTRA LARGE.
NEAR TRANSFER POINT.
OFFKR INVITED.
CAN BE DIVIDED FOR 2 BUYERS.
COZY home near park; 5 large rooms, larga
basement, servant's room: fine brtctc man-
tels, conservatory: stable for auto: large lot;
all as good as new; 3 minutes' walk from 4
car lines. Box 4S71, Call office.
fZtZO — LARGE 8-room house, 47 Arlington st. ;
could be made into flats with very little ex-
pons;; near Mission and Guerrero st. cars:
$1750 mortgage can stand. D. COFFIN", 252S
Mission St.. near Twenty-first.
$1400— TERMS If desired; 3G-ft. front; block
of 19th and Valencia; street work complete.
The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $2C0O HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 23 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association, 427 Crossley bid.
MODERN bathrooms fitted up; estimates.
Ahlbach Sc Mayer. Plumbers. S36 Howard st.
SAH MATEO REAL E3TATI.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electrlo
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.:
outside the fcK belt and Just beyond whar«
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff will. Join
the main line; CO-foot lots from $400 up;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes In front of every lot; pure
artesian wetl water; ITS lots sold since
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot In this desirable section: take the
electric cars and get off at "LOMITA
PARK" and Investigate; maps sent oa ap-
plication
8ELBY, RODGER3 & -CO.,
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st
ESAi ESTATE — COVSTTSY — Tor Sal*.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice:
133 acres, Napa Co.: 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped and
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's home.
SHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. HOMXSEEKERS!
Sfnd postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains tn California. C. M. WOO3TER CO..
645 Market tt
BEAZ. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. pro;jerty
fcr ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14-15 Bacon
block. Oakland.
RANCH TO BEJTT.
A SMALL place In the country for rent, suit-
able for an eld couple: house, with barn, and
chicken yard; rent reasonable. Inquire 32U
Grove st.
SEWIUO MACHIHE3 AITD StfPPLIES.
ATL^rnXk^is7^d^Ja^dT^Tli5T$7r$3 ; new7$£ %»-.
drop head;*, 5 drawer, golden oak,$10; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 143 Sixth St.; Ul. Jessie 3780.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
LOCK stitch and automatic: The White Grand;
two machines In one; at the new retail of-
Acea of THE WHITE CO.. 013 Market st.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $3. $3; slightly
used $10 $15. $20: you know where the dolU
¦wing In the window. 1OS1 Market rT.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1013 Mission st.
STORAGE ABTP WABXgOT73E3.
| A — EMPORIUM Storage tc Van Co.: furniture.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
| T31 Howard at., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, prea,;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-P.ODOLPH Storase & Moving Co.. of-
fice Pcet and Powell sts.; tal. Prl. Ex. 071.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movin* Cbm-
pany. 2320 Ftllmora st.; phone Jackson 2Sfe
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. It Montgomatft
¦t.; tel. Main 1S4Q. Shipping at cut ratea.^
paopoaiia. n - ., -*_ _ . '. .
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies — Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 16. 1904. — Sealed proposals for fur-
nlihlr^r anJ <lellverlng/of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received hero until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Saturday. November 28. 1004. and
opened Immediately thereafter In presence of
bidder* Specification*.- general Instructions
to bidders and blank fcrms of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appll-
catlcn to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Major Com'y.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA. ¦ at-
. torney-at-law. tt Hobart bids-. K2 Market «t.
For Additional . Classified Advertise-
ments See l'a;e It -QUEEXSTOWN^- Arrived 'Nov.; 17— Stmr.< Ce
drlc, from New , York, . for, Liverpool : and ; pro
ceeded. .','• v '~. '¦'.' ¦* -. ¦'.'.' j . ¦' '¦ . : . . r. -..*-;- • ¦.:
OCEAN STEAMERS
IiATE . SHIPPING .^IXTEajIilGENCE.-
* The Sahara : desert . lig-hted by acety V
iene street lamps" is* a novel conception
at which' the mind hesitates. * Yet that
is what the' traveler; would see, ; thanks
to the Insenulty.of Commandant Pujat,
of the • army.v should r he visit
the oasis j of Tougourt '•V the' f ar\ south
of Algeria.- Tougrourt was :rernarkably
unheal thf ul, . but the ; corhrhandant,- by
diligent sanitary . work, has .overcome
that trouble. To .make the- place hiore
attractive and pleasant for his. grar
ri'soh. he has • mounted ' large - r acetylene
lamps high on .the stems - of gigantic
palm trees which' shade" r the -.market
place,' And "thus" has ''glyenV the'. mid-
Sahara camping place j the appearance,
by* night, of an" American' village^— New
York Tribune. ./,'. \ . . • r. ' i: '".
CiTlUzlng; the \ Sahara.
"Senator Cockrell of Missouri went
fishing down the Potomac with a. friend
not long ago. A stone tied to a rope
held the boat at the place, where; the
two decided to - try j their ' luck.: The
fish did not bite, so after an. hour: or
two the Senator. and. his friend return
ed, the latter rowing. He noticed that
the boat seemd to be very sluggish
in responding to. the >ars, but, had no
idea of the reason until the landing
was reached. Then the man from
whdm they rented the boat said:
"Jedge, you don't look' drunk "and you
haven't the smell of liquor on you, but
this I is the j first time I ever saw \ two
sober men pull, a boat for three miles
with t he anchor dragging." i "I paid for
the boat, didn't I?" replied the Senator
testily, not caring > to admit j his j f orget
fulnes3. "Well, then, it is none of your
damn business If we wanted" to. get; a
little extra exercise."— Chicago ; Chroni
cle. ' ; ¦.'¦;- ••¦¦ ' < '¦ ; ;;'. ' •: - '-¦ '
A Very Lame Excuse.
Cnrriculnm Hnd Early Origin.
The fir at appearance of anything ap
proaching auniversity curriculum, said
Professor E. A.. Gardner In a recent ad
dress at University College, London, oc
curred in ancient Athens during Its
most flourishing period. The "ephebi,"
as the undergraduates were called,
were .-organized on a. military system.
The 'university calendar was published
annually. ; It, was. inscribed on marble
slabs and set up in the market place
of the city. The. slabs contained a
'complete'? list of the matriculated un
dergraduates, of "each year and were
documents of the . highest Importance,
for all the political and civil rights of
an : Atr:enian : citizen depended upon the
appearance -of his name on the regis
ter.—New York j Commercial. . . -. ;J ¦ '.
;By all odds- the greatest promoter of
temperance in the last sixty years has
been the change in business of every
description which has especially marked
that period- Everywhere the machine
has 'superseded the man or the woman.
This is as notable on the farm and in
the farmer's home as In town. In man
ufacturing, mining, engineering, trans
portation and almost all other business
pursuits, the individual worker has. be
come- part '-,of _* the machine and the
mechanism is too costly to be intrusted
to .the direction or manipulation of a
man whose brain is liable to be be
fogged. In transportation and, to a
less. extent, in mining and manufacture,
not only the' safety of property, but of
life, depends upon the sobriety of em
ployes.—Washington Post. . .
Temperance a Vital Xccesslty.
. Payne's Bolt Works (owners) with G*. or .5f , R '
Lane (contractor), arehitact Nathaniel Blals
dtnlAUeratlons and *™™™\ h £?'% > JL Xe^t£
and electrical work, on a tl^ee-story brick
building on SBJlne. «• Howard itwet.- 1^6
sw of SDear SW 45:10 bySE U4 .or *vi,-w.
S SecuritrSaVinKS Bank (owner.) with Thomas
Day Company (contractors). •«£"•£; ¦ a ™ < £l
rivtHral fixtures •- of drops.-, brackets, apa
Sandard*. 1 fcr a "two-story brick building on E
line of Montgomery ¦tr.et. 137 :« 8 of. Calif or
"'^br^rM^i !Bt8S2gi£S&8$
George R.. Lang (contractor), architect Mm*--
Alterations and 1 additions to warehouse ,op S.
B block. 10. being 275 on Townsend street and
137:6 on Sixth; $1491. ' ,;
Builders' Contracts.
man Company, lot on S line of Alvarada street.
278 W of Douglass, W 0:2 by 8 118, lot tw,
Heyman Tract: $10. , »-•_» «»
Robert C. Oark and Daniel Jr »••"« .*?
John M. and Emma L. Carison, lot on iN . Une
oC Twenty-second street, 25 B of Worth, B
25. by N 05. block *. No* Garden; $10. :
Bridget Feely to Herman • Nolt, lot on w
lln^orcorbett y road 141 N of »»« -treet.
N 25 W 92:11 S 25:11%. E 83:4; $10. •_
Mortimer F. and Lulu M. Smith to Charles
Wessel. lot 10. block G. ,R» Ilro » d v « 0r ? 1 e J I i" o d f
Association No. 2; also lot on NW line of
Huron street. 103 NE^of Sickles NE 60 by
NW 107; also lot <» ™ Jta* of Ps^1« «*•«.
225 S of Persia. 8 25 by W 100, block 11.
Excelsior Homestead: $10. _
Eugene Keller to «*b*rt Harper l«t on -W
line of Berlin street. 100 S of .O^T^T'.ro
bv W 120. lot 3, 1 block 25. Paul Tract; v $10.
\nnle M. Ryan to Oeorgletta E. .Schmidt,
lot on W line of Victoria ( street o75 Not
Sherman. N 25 by W 100; g tt> M •
Charles F. Wagner to Alice M. Porter, lot
on SW line of First avenue. /2oO SE of. P
street, SE 32 ¦ by SW 100. lot ».. block 23.
tld VUce n Mi Porter ''to Simon Sllverberr. same ;
?1 Brode and Clark Iron §J«§^(gSSi
and Marie Hllplsch. .lot 16 . -block Z \ Pa rK
Lune Tract 6. N line of Sixteenth itreet. -.5
W of Upper Terrace, W 28. N 80.4. E -3,1.
S Henry $ H°" Davis to Mary Cannavan and
street. 375 8 of Crescent avenue. S Ji by B
70, lot 100. Holiday map A; $10. ;
Minnie >C.' and- Krwin L. • Sadler to Charles!
W." Wright. Outside Lands blocks 713, 881 and
804: $13,102. ¦- ' ' • , ',. .
William M. and Mary E. de Wolf to William
n.'Fltzmaurtce. lot'on W line of Fifteenth
avenue.' 323 8 of T street, S 25 by W. 120: $10.
W. W. ; fl*d . Katherln? G. "Wilson to Henry
Bracha!«.' lots u5 and.oJ, block 304, O'N. and
H. Tract: $10.. . . ) jiy * Unii^ii iMflL mt ill sjiim.
Jamis "Pj Goodwin Jr. to George A. Gibbons,
lot. en W line of Dublin street. 150 8 of Persia
avenue. *S 150 by ;W 100, lot -7. block 94,.Ex
celsior Homestead; $10. -¦' ¦' - y • • ". v"
Amanda J.^ and "William Qucntelto Robert
H. G«ns,-lnt 60,"g;lft maO:l: $10. ' .:
- Joseph." Harriet. Jacob and Bertha • G." Welss
*>*in und • Mllford • O. '« Watrous 'to ; Jacob Hey-
Martha S. Bliss to Emma Grass, lot. on S
line of Pacific avenue, 136:6 E of Polk street,
E 1 by S 127:S^; $10."
Edwin and Helen S. Goodall to Otto Lang,
lot on ME line of Buena Vlata street, 78 SE of
Waller, E 107:2ii, S 20:4^, W 89:2%, NW
S2; $1W.
Same to Leonhard and Otto Lang-, lot on S
line of Waller street, 155 E of Buena Vista,
E 28 by S 100; $10.
SVme to Leonhard Lang, lot on NE line of
Buena> Vista J street. 44:1 SE of Waller. E
128:2^; S 2t>:llVi, W 107:2',i. NW 33:11; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to John M.
Klein, lot on E line of Baker street, 50 N or
Fell. -N 60 by E 100; $10.
Cantelow Company to William S. Uren. lot
on N line of Page street. 105 E of Central ave
nue, E 25, N 114:2, SW to point S 112:8%; $10.
John and Luna Stierlen to Conrad C. Benson,
lot on W line of Clayton street, 200- S of Carl,
S 25 by W 100; $10.
Same to John C. Cavanagh, lot on W line cf
Clayton street, 175 S ofCarl, S 25 by W 100;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to Cather
ine Kelly, lot on W line of Guerrero street, 90
S of Eighteenth. S 35 by W 100; $ .
John B. end Charlotte M. Inguglia to Louisa
J. Trudell, lot on W line of Guerrero ntreet,
00 N of Nineteenth. N 36 by W 81:11: $10.
Joseph nnd Catherine Schilling to Mary A.
Donohue, lot on W line of Hartford street,
16fi:3 8 of Seventeenth, S 25 by W 102; $10.
Robert and Matilda Strahle to Laurent and
Margaret Stoll. lot en E line of Sanchez street,
70:« N of Valley. N 25 by E 114; $10.
Elizabeth G. Measer to Charles G. Stuhr. lot
on S line of Twenty-fifth street, 180 W of Cas
tro W 27 by 8 HI; also lot on N Iln* of Clip
per street, 139 W of Castro, W 60 by N Hi;
S10
G. A. and Marie E.E. Berton to Louisa
Page, lot on N line of Washington street, 62
E of Montgomery, E 27:3 by N 77; $10. .
Agnes F. M. Sadler to name, lot on N line
of Washington street, 811:3 E of Montgomery,
E 37:9 by N 80; $10.
Teresa Lavagnlno to Adele and Giovanni La
vagnlno, lot on 8 line of Greenwich street, 70
W of Stockton. \V 21 by S 01:8; gift.
Nicholas Gaughren to Claua Wreden Brewing
Company, lot on W line of Jansen street, 115:0
8 of Lombard: S 22 by W 50; $10.
Andrew I. (or Andrew J.) and Catherine A.
Morrison to Donald and Kafaela G. Bruce, lot
on S line- of Sacramento street. 19:7 E of Le
Roy place, E 19:7 by S 70:6; $10.
Mercantile Trust Company to Balrd estate,
lot on 8 line of O'Farrell street. 137:6 W of
Jones. W 01:8 by S 137:C; $10.
Thomas S. Duke to Carrie Duke, lot on NW
line of Freelon street. 255 SW of Fourth. SW
20 by NW 80; also lot on W line of Trcmont
street,. 26S S of Waller, S 25 by W 80:3; $10.
Hugh Boylan to Bridget Boylan. lot on SW
line of JIarriet street, 150 SE of Howard* SE
25 by SW 75; gift. . . . .
Charles 8. and Mary E. Nathan to William
P Samuel, lot on NE line of. Boardman place.
175 NW of Brannan street, NW 25 by NE3
117:6; $10.
Oeorge D. and LHHe "B. Toy to Edward H.
Stearns, lot on NE corner of Twenty-first ave
nue and Lake etreet. E 32:6 by N 100: $10.
Felix and Delftna Marcuse to Clara Walter,
lot on S W corner of Sixth avenue and Lake
6treet, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
rittr executrix) to Alfred Voyce. lot on SW
corner of Thirty-seventh and Point Lobos ! ave
nues, W 240. S 142. SB 287, N 308:9; $0400. .
J W. • -Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Elizabeth E. Tracy, lot on. E line of Forty
first avenue, 200 -N of C street, N 23 by K 120;
$10. ¦ ' - •"-
Same to Annie Walsh, lot on E line of
Forty-first avenue, 225 N of C street. N 25
by E 120; $10. * :. , .:
George Hlmmelstoss to United States Bulld
tntr. - Realty and Investment . Company, lot ,on
SW corner of • Third avenue and B street. S
25 by W 05; $10. ¦ •
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to T. H. and
Nellie V. Mead, lot on W lln« of Second ave
nue,-200 S of B street,. S 25 by W 120: $10.
Mary K. Tansill to Herman H. Helbush, lot
on S line of C street. 32:0 W of Seventeenth
avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Annie Jennings (wife of George). Thomas
Jennings 'Jr. and Mary J. Kingston -to Anna
fiardea, lot on E line of Tenth avenue. 135
S of I street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
London' nnd San Francisco Bank (Limited) to
diaries W. Wrlcht, lot on NW. corner. ->f.
Twtnty-firBt avenue and- Nstreet. ¦W 1 24Oby
X 600; also lot on NW, corner of Thirty-fourth
avenue ap<l N street, W 240 by N 600; $10.
Erwln L. : Sadler - ta Interstate Land 'and
Trust Company, lot commencing 350 N of NE
corner of Sixteenth avenue-, and- O street, ¦ E
127:« by N M, quitclaim deed; $10.
Herman "J. Sadler Jr.- to same.^ lot com-;
menclng , S00 'N-of NE - corner- ot 'Sixteenth
avenue nnd O street.' E 127:C;by N- 50, quit
claim deed: $10. •- * .... . : . *• - ' ':
Minnie ' a\ Sqdlcr to eanv.lot on SW corner
of Plfteentli avenue: and N- street. W-255'by
,S 200: ; also lot commencing 300 S : from SW
enrner of - Fifteenth, avenue and ' N street. - W
255 by 8 300: $100.- >.. ' 1 .'. .
Agnes-F. M.- Sadler, to same,'- lot ..commenc
ing ' 200 S fforo ' SW corner - of • N street ¦¦¦ and
Fifteenth avenue W 127:0 by 8 100: $10.' .: -,
'Minnie C. Sadler (trustee of Herman J.'
Sadler Jr.). lot • commencing 300 N- from NE
corner >of O • street • and Sixteenth avenue. » E
127:6 ty N CO; $100. ¦ ~"* . < . :.
Same (trustee of Edwin L. ' Sadler) to same,,
commencing" 350 N from i NE corner • of- Six
teenth avenue andO street," B 127:6 by, N 60;
$100.'- --;'¦:.¦.'-•*.,.-;-,:.: ..-,;•- '¦ . ¦ ; --
Catherine O. N. and Patrick J. Hall to
Emma Grass (wife of Andrew), lot on S line
of Pacific avenue, 137:0 E of Pclk street, B
21:7 by S 127 :SW; $10.
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALIi;^THURSDAY; ¦:<'¦ NOVEMBER ,17^ 1 1901.
AKKWn
14
V- RAtXWAY TRAVEL.
JTmtTlI^
|crilCAG6 l iN3DAYSl
H LEAVES OAILY AT9:SO A.M.l
H with QiiscwsAHoaLeePtRsS
f'-^Ottar^BikBta^ri'TralasJ % .
7:30 a.' rii_] • For atocktoT). Freaao, BaKerttteld,
8 :00 pi ml J ' : Mtreed, HanXonl and Vlaalia.
4tOOp.m.- For Stockton. .
8:00 p. m. ' For ' Kansas ! I City.' Grand Canyon ,
. ,-: ¦ ."-and Chicago.
Tlck«t Offices— 64U Market st. and Ferry Depot.
- . San Francfsco:, alao 1112 Broadway. Oak-
'. land, ' Cal.;; aUo ST. South 1st. San Jos*.
¦ To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY, t
HILLLVALLEy,
iCAZADERO, Etc;
2, Tii Sauiallto Periy
6UBURDAN* SERVICE. STANDARD GAUCt.
Lxwn iruro 6an t'raneisco. . dally, at t»:u*.
*~:ti.. *:<£, U-AU. y:fiu..ll:w a. m.; 1:45. 3:14..
4;3a,,6:18.. &:BO. 0:50. 7:13. 9:00 and ll.jtt
11. ul.' - j. '¦'"¦•!¦'•• ¦..'¦¦ .-
- Arriv* at/ San -Francisco, daily, at f«:40.
7:30, 8:13. 8:0O, 9:33. 10:BO a. in.; 1:30, U:ix
4:2sl'8:03 J . 5:42,.' «:«. 6:37.. 7:i0 and Uai
P. IB. '.''..-«' ¦'•* ¦• •
-tDally *xe»pt:8unday. ...
For Fairfax, daily, at. 7:43 a. m.: also Sat.
unlays at S:J3 p.ra.. and dally except Satur-
day and. Sunday, at r»:l3 p m.
/,.;.'. ... ..'• T . THROUGH TRAINS.
j T:4»-a.- m. dally — Caxadsro and way stattona,
'-' 8 :13 > y."; ra.; • Saturday* only— For Cazadaco.
'•te.- ¦¦'.•"¦'"- ' : ' '¦'¦¦' ¦ ' -•
'. 6 : 15 p. ¦ mi.'-; daily,"- except Saturday and Sua.
day, .for Tomato., etc. W&5&*d£*MigJUm
' TICKET. OFFICE— <i0: Market at. -.
FERRY— Union Depot, toot ot Markat at.
- "-• - RAILWAY TRAVETfc
y^Sfif^^ ' Tnlas leavt mad are «t«»
(°£~Z\9\ SAN FRAXCI3CO.
' V* *' H=£ '/ttl '*°" OcTOBM '•* v3Ot -
\J£S (Toot cf Market Street >
i.'*n — MAIN LINE. — A««r^*
7.00a V«c»v111b. Wiuterm, ISumiMiy- 7 50»
7.00a Bentcla, Elmira and Sacrsmeato.. 7-20P
1 7-SOa Vallejo. Napa, Caltttoga. SanU
Kosa. Mtrtlnez. Saa Kamon B-2u»
7 30a Htles. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... 7-2Q<*
j 8 OCa Sh»s:» Expre««— (V!% Daria).
Williams. Willows. fFrato. Red
UIuiT. Portland. Tacoina, Seattl« 7-53«
8 COa DaTt*. Woodland. Cnlicats Landing.
Marysvllle. OroTillo 7-50»
8 30a Murtiaex. Antloch. Byron. Tracy.
6tockton, Xennno, Los Banoa,
Mendota. Armooa, Una ford.
Vlinlta. PonerTllle «^0« 1
030a Fort Cotta. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Goihrn Janction. Uaa-
ford. Vls»!iA. n«ker«flel<l 4.50*
830a Kile*. S»n Jose. Llverxnore. Stock-
ton. (tMllto»>. lone, Sacramento.
MirysTtile. Chlco. Red Bluff .... <-20»
8 30a OaBdale. Cbin««e. Jamestovn. So-
nora. Tnolnnjiie «nd hostels fiSr
9C0a Atl»nUc Express— O«r«len iind E«s«. 520(»
8.30a Rtehmond. Martlne* and W»y
Stations - SOU*
lOCCAThs OrerUnd Limited — «'g>len.
Omaba. Chicago, Ueuter. Ka a»a»
City. St. Louis ' ,5S2l
10.00a Vallejo».^. ••••• »2-2fl»
10.00a Lo» Anjteles Passenger — Porl
Costa. Martlnei. Byron, Tracy, ,
Lathrop. Btoekton, Merced.
Kajmond. Fresno. Go«hen Junc-
tion, llnnford, Lemoore. VlsaUa.
Bskertdeld. l<os Anueles ....... J-f"*
12.00m H.ytrsrd. SIle» and Way 3taUon«. t f20*
ti OOP Sacrament© Rlrer Steamers tll.OO*
SZQP Benlcis, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knfffbu landing.
MarysTllle. OfOTiile aad way _
ttAtioni ••• .•••••••••••"• lU-ouA
X 30P nay w«rB. Nlles "and Way Stations.. 7.50*
3.30P Furt Costa. M«rtlo«z, Myron.Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockv>a, Modesto.
Merced. Berenda, Fresno and
Way SUtlonsbeyoudron; Coata 12-20*
4.00P Martinex.San Ramon. ValleJo.Nap».
CalI»tt>Ra,SanuRos» infmt
4X0p Nlles, Tracr, Stockton l»Kn
4 ZOp Hayward. Siles. Irrla«ton. 8aa» t8.50*
Jose. Lrtermore I Jl 1.60A
6-COpThe Owl Limited— Xewsun. Loa
Banua, Mendoia. FrwBt, Tular*.
Bakertfleld. L©» Angeles §x3*
tS 30p Bayward. N'll«» and s»n Jo«« ..... J-*u*
6-OOp nay ward. Nl.es and San Jos*. 8-5U*
6.00P Eikttern Kzpreia — om«Qa. Chicago,
DbBTer. Kansas City. St. Louis.
Martinez. Stockton. Sacraiaeato.
Colfax. Reno, Sparks, Montelio.
O*dea 12.50*
f.OOp Vsllf Jo. dally, except Sunday f 7 anm
7410P Vallejo. Sunday only f '*"
7J)0P Klchmond. ttan Pablo, Port Cotia.
liartlnea and Way Stations 11.23a
7-OOPCeno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
nicla, Sul V". - F.lmlra. Dtion.
DaTH. Sacramento, Sparks. Tono-
pmh. Kee'er and W»y Stations... 7-iUA
. SXSp Oregon A California Exprets— Sac-
ramento. Maryivllle. Redding.
Portland. Paget Soand and East. 8.50*
8.10P Hayward, N»es aad San Jose (Sua-
dayonly> 11.60»
COAST LINE (.larro^ tiange).
<Voot of Maritet Street.) n
8.15a Newark. Oenterrnie. San Jo»«.
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Station* 555»
12.15P Kevarlc. CenterTllle. Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Los GauM.Felton.
Bonldur Creek. Sanu Cms aad
Principal Way Stations tt355»
4.16P Newark. San Juie, Lo» Gato»...|
«9.30p Burners' Train (Saturday «nly) —
San Joae aad Way Stations ?7-Z5p
COAST LINE <Uroa.St.anne).
tr" ( I'nlrd and lownaend Streets.)
* 6-10a 6an Jose and Way Stations 8-30P
7.00a San Jote and Way Station* 5-40P
¦ .00a New Almaden (Taes.. Frld.. only). 4-109
• ¦00a The Coaster— San Joae. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles. Sant*
Margarita, San Luis Oblsno,
(inaual ope, Gavtota, Santa r.jir-
Dara. San BuenaTentara. Mon>
talTO. Oxnard, B u r b a n k, Loa
Angeles ,.. 10.30*
SOOAGilroy. llolltster. Cattrovnie. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf. Lota-
poc 10.30*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos.WatsonTllle.
Capitols. Santa Cruz, Pactfle
GroTe, Stltnas. San Luis Ublspo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10»
10.30a Saa Jose and Way Stations 1.20p
11-jOASaa Jose aad Way Stations 7.30p
2-ISp San Joae and Way Stations 3 33*
SXLPDel Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jote, WatsonTllle, Eanta
Crux. Del Monte. M o n t-?# e y.
Pacific GroTe 12.15P
13-COp Los Gatos. Wright. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz. tU Santa Clara and
Harrow Gause t1045A
5-30P Valencia St.. Soutb San Francisco,
Burllngame, San Jose, Gllroy,
Hoi Hitter. Tre« Piaoa 10 45*
430pP»n Jose and Way Stations t8 CO*
t5.00PS»nt* Clara, San Jose. Los Uatos,
' and principal Way Station* (ex-
cept Sunday) td-OOA
|5-30p Gaa Jo«e*ndPrlne!palWay8tat!ons {940a
ft 45i» bsBset Express. — ltedwood. San
Joae,Gliroy.Sallnaa,Paao Hobtea,
1 San Lois Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Loa Ab cries, Pemtng. Kl Fmo.
St.Louls. New Orleans. XenYorl 910a
6.4SpF»J»ro. WauonTllle. Ca pi tola.
fcanta Cruz. CastroTlIle, Del
Monte, Pacific GroTe 1Q.30p
18.1 Sp feaaMateo,Berctfonl,Belniont,8aa
Carlos. Bedwood. Fair Oalu,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18.48a
630p San Jo*e and Way Stations. 839%
8-00pPslo Alto and Way Stations....... 13.15a
11.30p SoatnSanFrancUco. Mlllbrae.Bar-
ilngame. ban Mateo, Belmoct,
Ban Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto t3.45»
•1130PM*Tfleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
! Ban Joaa t3.4S»
A for Moral ng. P for Afternoon.
"I Bandar excepted. t Bnnday only
• Saturday only. b Monday only.
. {Stop* at all stations on Sunday^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibaxon Perry. Foot ot Xarkrt Strevt.
SAXT PltAITClSCO TO SAW BAPAE1.
WEEK DATS— T:30, »:W. ll:0O a. m.; 12:34.
3:30, 0:10 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:39 v. m.
Enturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
8UXDAY*-8:00. 9:$Q, U:00 a. m.; 1:80. 3:50,
8:00 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAR BAFAEL TO SA2T TSA2TCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS — tf:0B. 7:SS, T:flO. 9:20. 11:1*
a. m.; 1S:BO. 3:40. S:OO, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 0:33 p. ta.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a, m. ; 1:40. 3:40.
4.C5. 0:05. 6:35 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Saa Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. ( Baa Fran.
Week I Sun- I retina- I Sun- I Week
Daya. | days. I tloa. | days. | Daym.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 al 8:4O«
9:30 a Xsnacta. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 j»
6:10 p 5:00 p! 7:33 p<
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:SOp 9:3Oa Petaluma. 6:03 p 6:20 9
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
B:0Op Eanta Roaa. f
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 «,
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 9
8:30 p 3:30 p \
WtiuJvr. )
T:30a 8:00 a Healdsbur*, 10:40 a 10:20 a)
Lytton.
«:30p 3:30 p Geyscrrille. 7:33 p! 6:20 9
Cloverdal>. Y
7:SO al 8:0Oal Hopland |1O:4O a|lO:2Oa>
8:30p| 3:3Op| and Uklah. | 7:33 p| C:2Qn»
j I WlUItaand I I
7:20 af 8:00 a( Sherwood. | T:33p( 6:20 p
7:80a|8:COa| 110:40 a|10:l» a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Gnern«Tine. | 7:35 p) 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:0Oal Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:4Oa
8:10 p| B:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:0Oa| ~ , 110:4.0 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( Sebaatopol. | 7:33 p| 6:20 9
STAGES connect at Green Drae far 5*n
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whits Sulphur
bprtng* and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Oeyservllle for Skarza
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boom.
villa and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duacaa
Bprlngs. Highland Springs. KelseyriUe. Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakeport, Bartlett
Bprlngs and Lake- County Hot Springs- at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga SprUuca!
Blue Lake*. Laurel D«U Lake. Witter Sprlnri.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day^
River-tide. Llerly'a. Bucknell'a. Sanhedrfai
H.lshts. Hullville.. Ott-b Hot Springs. hTixW»?
Home. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno Cltr
Fort Sraga-. We»tport and I'sai: at Winita for
Fort Braxs. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo, Laytonville. Cummin^
Bell'a Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frultland'
Dyer. Garberville, Camp 3. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. . ' ww«
Saturday to Monday ronnd-trip ticket* at r^
duced rat«a.
On Sunday— Round-tri> tickets to all potat*
beyond Sa D Rafael at half rate*. i~«»*»
bund. k nV. ° tflC *' ""^ •" tr " t * B™***
JAS. L FRAZIER. R. X. RTA3*.
Ovn - Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
It. taa tnnatto^ Ar Saa*nacix* "
?*•**!* _8udaj L OfmRfa 'SnaaT^-TkrBijr
l;45p l:45pj C:2'ip "** 6:8*i"p
fetardjT, 4:35r SatQKUTt II.I.'p"
*Tu Crantr far -Y Ml Tiaa'.pait ta HiU Ttilty
-HJ" } «0 Markkt S T ..(Nortb Shore Ra.lroad)
tWlCP jandSAUSAuroKgaaY. Foot Market Sc
THE WEEKLY GALL
* Si oer Year.
We desire to exDress our sincere thanks
for. sympathy and kindness shown us by our
friends and acquaintances during our late
bereavement. - -
LOUIS BULOTTI AND CHILDREN.
CARD OF THANKS
Alumnae Association College of Notre
Dame of San Francisco — The annual requiem
mats for our deceased members will be cele-
brated at 9 a. m. on ¦ Saturday, November
19. In the college chapel, Dolores and Six-
teenth atreets. All. members are requested
to attend.
MRS. KATE LAWLER, President.
SARAH KEENAN, Secretary.
. The annual requiem mass for the deceased
members and relatives and friends of the
living members of the Catholic Ladles' Aid
Society will be celebrated In St. Mary's
Cathedral Friday. November 18, at 9 o'clock.
BIA11R1ED.
13IX)OM— HO WELL — In thla city. November
IS. 1904 bv the Kev. William C. Pond,
Adolph John Bloom of Pelaluma and ,Eva
•Howatll of Hopland.
CAMPBELL— BROWN— In this ! city,; Novem-
, ber 15, 1904, by the Rev. George VV. White,
pastor of Centra! M. E. Churcn, Joseph . « .
Campbell and Alice Brown, both of Berkeley.
CAMPBELL— WALKER— In this city. -No-
vember 10, 1004, by the Rev. O. C. Adam?,
D.D. Fred M. Camobell of Oakland and
Hannah M. L. Walker of Philadelphia, Pa.
(Philadelphia papers pless? copy.)
FARROW— BUTLER— In this city, November
14. 1004 by the Rev. Edwin F; Brown,
Arthur Karrow of Salem, Ore., and Beulah
BiKler of Mendon, Mich. :' '¦>
HADLKY— GABOTI— In this city, October 30.
J'.KM. by the Rev. Edwin T. Brown, George
Hadlcy and Mathilda Gabotl, both of tnla
city.
LEE— PEAKES— NovemBer IB. 1004, by the
Rev. T. R. Earl, Charles M. Lee and Shirley
N. Peakes. both of this city. •
EQHUPPERT— FABRIS— In this city. Novem-
ber 10, 1004, by the Rev. W. M. Boura. rec-
Jor of St. Peter's Church. Aueust l<rank
Schuppert and Alice Marie Fabrla.
~" DIED.
' AnUtrle. Robert J. Moss. Mr«. Julia T.
Campbell, Mildred O'Neill. Catherine E.
CIrnero, Apolonia Park, Mary Ellen
Collins. Madeline l'aitee, Fannie *".-¦
Collins. William Rcnwick.- Wjlliam J.
Ccnlan, Jamei if. i Roberts, Phillo L.
• 'rocker, Emma II. l;oaen, Lilly Irene
Duffy. Catherine Ruth. Charles'
Killmore, Charles W. Schull. Anna.
Krazer, John S?hroo3er, Pearl E.
Greer Sarah Smith, Dr. Driesbach
Haley, Edward .Sullivan. John J.
Horton, Ada Louise Wagner, Christian
Hughes. William Welnberg, Moses ,
Isaacs, Morris - Wllber, John
Knowlton, Elizabeth Winchester, E. H.
Morse, Mrs. B. G.
ANDERLE— In this city. November 15. 1004.
Robert J. dearly beloved son of Joseph and
Annie Anderle, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 2 months and 2 days.
. CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), November 17, iaO4,
at 1 :30 p. m., at his parents' residence, 553
I-rtmbard street, thence to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. i K
CAMPBELL— In this city, November 18, 1004,
Mildred, beloved daughter of John F. and
Mary Campbell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 1 month and 23 days.
Ey.Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 a. m., from the residence of
tl'e parents. 2402 Harrison street, between
.Twentieth and . Twenty-first. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CIRNERO— In Occidental, Sonoma County,
November 15, 1004. ADolonla CIrnero. be-
loved mother of Mrs. Guadalupe Llsama, a
native of Mexico, aged t>4 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the funeral Saturday,
November IS, at 1 p. m., from the mortuary
chapel of Jullua 8. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
: avenue, tht-nce to Spanish Church for
.*ervi'.-eB. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.: '
COLLINS— In this '¦ city. November 16, 1D04.
Madeline, beloved daughter of Daniel and
Delia Collins, and Bister of Theresaoyenan-
tlus, Fruncte. Daniel, Lawrence and Kath-
leen Collins a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years I month and 18 days. ! .
ityFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 10 a. m.. from the parents'
residence. 313 Twelfth street. ¦ Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery."
COLLINS— In this city. November 10. 1004,
William, beloved sen of Margaret and tho
late Dennis Collins, and brother of Mrs.
Mary Cummlnsrs. and James H., Margaret,
* Peter and Jeremiah ' Collins, a native of
UUca. N. Y.. aged 28 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 05 Sheridan street, thence - to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass .will
be celebrated for the repese of his soul,' com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CONLAN— In Dixon. November 12. 1004,
James M.. beloved son of John P. and the
late Mary E. Conlan. and brother of John
AV. and Samuel L. Conlan and Mrs. Frank
Stanford, a native of Sun Francisco, aged
41 years 10 months and 12 days.
CTThe funeral will take place Thursday,
at 8:30 a. in., from the parlors of Porter &
White, 423 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment private.
CROCKER — In Newport. R. I.. July 20. l'i)04.
Emma Hanchett Crocker, wife of George
Crocker, and mother of Emma Rutherford
Kearney. Alice Hanchett Ervlng and Alex-
ander H. Rutherford, a native of California.
(CTFuneral will take place Friday, at
10:30 a. m.. from Trinity Church, northeast
corner of Bush and Gough streets. Inter-
ment private In Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
DUFFY — In this city, November 16, 1904.
Catherine Duffy, a native of Ireland, aged
72 years.
FILLMORE— In t^'s city, November 16, 1004,
Charles W. Fillmore, a native of Maine,
aged 76 years and 1 month,
E7"The funeral will take place Friday,
November 18, 1904, at 0 a. m., from his late
residence. 404 Maple street. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery. . -
FRAZER— In thla city. November 10. 1904,
John Frazer. a native of Scotland, aeed 70
yearn.
GREER— In this city. November 14, 1004. Sa-
rah Greer. widow of the late Samuel Greer,
a native of County Down. Ireland.
ICTFriends of the family are Invited to
attend the funeral services Thursday, No-
vember 17. at 10 a. m.. at her late residence
322 Hyde street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by special train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at. 11:45 a. m.
H.\LEY — In Petsiuma, Ncvember 15 1004
Edward, beloved «on of Michael Halev and
brother of Harry J., Michael A. and Thomas
F. Halev- and Mrs. L. Vogel, a native of
New York, aged 31 years 1 month and 18
days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 a. m..'- from : the parlors of
Halsted &, Co.. D40 Mission street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
HORTON— In Oakland. November 10, 1904,
Ada Louise, wife of M.,E. Horton, ami
mother or . Ellsworth, Hazel, Stanley and
Undine Horton. a native of California, aged
311 years 11 months and 18 days.
HUGHES— In this city, November 14, 1004
William, beloved husband of the late Sarah
Hughes, and fathe r of .William T. Hughes
Mrs. William Wedgwood and Mrs. William
Halllnan, a native of - Liverpool England,
a red 04 years II months and 16 daya.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.)
• ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 tm.. from ' hi • late
residence, 13 Lafayette street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for tho repose of his soul,
commencing at 0 a. m. g Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ' ... r< .<
ISAACS— In this city. November 15, 1904,
Morris Isaacs, a native or Exseln, Germany,
aged 75 years. . ' . ¦ ' . : „
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral 7 services
Thursday. November 17, at 10 a. m:, from
Charlen J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors.
C38 Washington street, thence to Eternal
Homo Cemetery, via 11:30 a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
KNOWLTON— In this city, November 14, 1904,
Elizabeth R. Knowlton, beloved mother oC
Grace W. • Knowlton anil lira. Lyman M.
Welch, and sister of James II. Doollttle, 'a
native of Maine.
CTTh« funeral eervlces will ' take place
Saturday. November 19. at 1:45 p. m., at
the. residence. :!01G Clay • street. Interment
Cyprces Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 p. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
MORSE— In Bollitas, Marin County, November
15. 1004. Mrs. B. Q. Morse, a native of
Massachusetts. . ¦ ' .
MOSS — In Berchtesearden. Germany October
20. 1004. Mrs. Julia T. Moas. *
CT Interment will take place to-morrow
(Friday), . at 3 p. m. .promptly; at Cypreas
Lawn Cemetery. ' ( ¦
O'NEILL— In this city, November 15, 1904,
Catherine E.t beloved wife of Thomas B.
O'Niill, and -.nv>ther of ... James Francis
O'Neill, and sister of James W. Kelly, and
daughter of the late Patrick and Mary Ann
Kelly, a native of San Andreas, Calaveras
County, Cal.. acfd 4ti years. .
¦ IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at K:30 a. m., . from her late resi-
dence. Treat avenue, between Tweuty-
first and Twenty-second streets, thence to
St. Peter's Church." where a solemn requiem
high mass wlllbe celebrated for the repose
of . her eoul,- commencing at. 9 a.m. -Inter-
: rnent - Holy Cross Cemetery. . ¦
PARK— In this city. November IB, 1904 .Mary
' Ellen. . beloved ¦; wife . of - William .• E. ' Park
and mother- of Charles • H., Jonathan T
William H. and; Mary B. Park and Mrs.
Rhoda J. Lunney.a native of Illinois aged
, 52 years 11^ month and 23 days.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited .to attend the ; funeral : services
Thursday. November 17.' 1904. at 10:30 am
' at ' his . late « residence. , 105 I Andover avenue'
. Interment Cypress ; Lawn Cemetery. •.
PARTEE — In this city. November' 10 '.1904
Fannie, dearly beloved mother or John
Pfelffer, Pinkie, and Noah Partee, Mrs.Eather
Isenhour and Mrs. Julia Cannon, a' native of
North Carolina," ag«d 68 years ¦ . . ; •
RENWICK— In this city, November 15. 1904,
William J: . Renwick, ,, beloved « husband of
Ellen .. Renwick.' and .- father of'. Mrs. 1 J.
Doane, Mrs. ': J." Driscoll- and -Andrew. , James
and the late William Renwick, a native of
Scotland, - aged .07 years. A member of
Court El - Dorado No. 31 , < F. - of : A., . and the
International Union of Steam Engineers
Local No: &t.' -''-¦':¦':: .^
ETNotice of funeral' hereafter. • Remains
. at alb late residence, 571' Third street. ' /
ROBKRTS — In . Berkeley, \ November . 15.'- 1901,
F. J. ' Monahan, Manager. .Tel. "Mission 31
monahaN; o'hara;&;cq;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND: EMBALMERS*
2338-2341 Mission • st.. near ' Nineteenth, -
. _.'¦ . „ . San- Francleco.*' • ¦ -- -•- '
ALAMEDA ADVERT ? S'MTS
ALAMEDA BEAX ESTATE.
V.'KO wants a brantlfjal and complete rew 8-
room cottegc, worth 54000; now for sal* for
*S250: lot iOxlCV location first c\ars. Owner.
1243 Park ft.. Alameda: terms ?500 rash.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'STS
BERKELEY IIICAK '^X.Hi^__ '¦
-jffioo-
A CHOICE hem* on IX-laware si.. Berkeley: 8
room* and b»th: lot 4Oxl25: new and modern;
eunry exposure; tine view; «asy terms of
payment if desired; ro trouble to ehow rrop-
iu7a 1 ltt bonds and finance co. (inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St.,
Oakland.
j3(i0O— NEW 2-Ftorv 6-room house; lot 40x115;
$400 ca*h. r.alnnce t20 per month; cne block
from station; one blcck to cars.
$1500— Four acres. ."• blocks c! station; not
fsr cut; well worth $2500. MORAN &
KWAIN. opp. Berkeley station.
f2;50 — NEW, mccfrn. 7-room bouse; IS mln- ',
u!e» frcm North Berkeley station: biKh ¦
cround; tir* view. R. A. BERKT & CO.. ;
Pos\ofnce block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVER*PS'MT9
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAXXmAVD H.EAI. SSTATE.
mTLDEN'S BARGAINS.
t'lo— Choice correr lot en Fruitvale ave.;
E0il2S; a snap.
*310G — R«-duced from $3250: pretty 6-room
cc't»Ke and let 40x100. on Adeline, near 12th.
$3200— Another pretty 6-room cottage and
lot £5x100; nicely located; about ten minutes'
T^ulk frcm business center.
$S£K> — Fine 6-room cottage and lot 45x100
oa Jones st.. near Telegraph ave: very central.
$2500— Reduced from t2U00- pretty ehlngle I
tvr.galow of 5 rooms, all nviiJ-rn. and lot 30x I
120; near Thirty-sixth ard West sts. and |
Kf'y Hcute -depot: easy term*. |
$2375 — Handsome new 5-room cotttg-e and
lot SlxlOO; near Thirty-fourth and "Weft sts.,
and Key Route derwt; «a?y terms. BELDEN
REAL ESTATE, 1112 Bread way. Oakland. :
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTT.
\Te have been exclusively authorized to sell
en easy terms th* remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
KAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
¦ur.Ser foreclosure cf mortgage.
We will sell these j-i-opertles at figures far
below the prt-smt maiUet rater. If :ou want
a fcaib&in call or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDOXALD ii CO..
1052 Broadway.
OAKLAND PROPERTY FOR SALE.
j24w — Reduced from 52900; ownfr and
builder finan-.-lally embarrassed: must «>ell;
rcttore of 5 rooms, bath; all modern con-
xenier.ces, vlth 9-fcot basrment, constructed
t..i as to le made Into a flat cf 5 rooms
more; lot large and funny; right near Key
Route station at Fortieth and San Pablo:
«.aly 27 minutes to San Francisco; term?. |350
• ash. balance rnortgat;*! at low rat* of in-
leresl. Remember, the house Is new, mod- i
tm; tirft-clas5. First ccme first served.
J. S. MTER8, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$750 CASH, balance to suit b«yers; neat col-
lage, unfinished. 4 rooms; 10 lots. 250x120.
all fenced: immense ,-h.v;e and fruit trees;
stately oaks and laurel; nicely sheltered from
i : p* and wlndr; near cars and high grade
nohool; in an ideal spot for a retired home;
soil deep. f>nndy loam; adjoining East Oak- |
land: price all tr-ld. $1750; this is a rare bar- ,
gain. Call cr tend for circular. 455 Seventh
st., cpp. Broadway station, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONKS. owner.
, ; |
AN exccotlonal opi>ortunit.v to secure a strictly \
up-to-date and first-class apartme:it-house. i
centrally located, on a prominent corner; large |
net income, whicli can be increased; long j
lease; parties with highest references onlv
need apply. HARRY L. HOLCOMB, 314
San Pablo ave., Oakland. Cal.
S5500 — AN elegant S-rocm house and modern
bath, and lot 50xl0l>; all Improved In lawn I
and cement walks: house is elegantly car- i
pcted and mostly fuml£hed with flrst-claas j
furniture; poi«lti\ely a pacriflce. See owner, i
R. E. CALLAHAN. 26 Montgomery st. J
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. Bonie ta Pledmott:
fie* neighborhood: good location: near car
line; will rell cheep: must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th st.
TWO lets, 25x100. with cottage In North Oak-
land, close to Key route power-houi«e and 2
b'.ocks to local train; ¦ r.'.y $1000: investigate
this. Inquire -*¦¦ " Telegraph ave.
OAKIiAITD rUJKJUTU&E FOB SAXZ.
TO-MORROt\' the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Scbf'.haas. 11th st..cor.»tor».Oaklaod !
San Francisco Advertisenrts
ROO1IS POB HOXJEKEEPIKO.
EDDY. S04 — Two sunny housekeeping rocms.
FOl'RTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
slrtgle.
GEART. 1225— Completely furnished EUite for i
houM-kM-ping. bath, etc.; al.«o 3-room cot-
tage with yard: $21 per month. i
HOWARD, 1971—2 Jarge unfurnished connect- 1
ing ruoms; modern; private fami]}-; «.h»ap I
to tight l>«rty. " ;
JESPIt:. .™2:> — I-arge frcnt perlor. gas range. 2 '
befl*, $3 75 wk.; oth«-r rooms. $a and $1 75. j
JONES, 207— Two-room apartments, also \
single room?, foe housekeeping; $2 50 and I
i3 i*r week.
KEARNY. 1O4 — Eay window front suite and I
kitchen; $20; eunny; adults; reference*.
KENIL WORTH, cor. Bush snd Powell— Three-
room t,unny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartraente. 1340 Pine-
Funny furr.ithed 3-room sultei; steam heated !
electric lights ; free baths; rates reasonable I
MINNA. 5*6 — Furnished rooms; .complete for 1
house-keeping. |
OAK. 117 — Coir.plet? for housekeeping, $5 to
$12: gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK, 407— Largt, fine, clean rocms for men";
$4 per mc/nth. •¦ . ¦ :
POST. 962— Sunny front FUile *15: pleasant
single room* (3, ?*. flo; gas. phone.
SANCHEZ. Zero. near F.Iphteenth— I^arge
sunny Hitting room; alcove bedroom; kitchen-
lY&sonable. '
KCOTT. 300. near Haiaht— 2 or 3~extra sunny
housekeeping rooms; low price.
6TANYAN. 100!>— 2 asmny front rooms, fur-
nlKhed' for iigbt housekeeping: I block from
Gold>n O««e I»ark; rent inalienable.
THIS I^L'NSTON. HO njoy— Netvly furnl!.h-
rd; best transicr.t hc"se in city; oOc, $1.
THIRD. 320— Housekeeping rooms; coal stoves
or gas ranges; to rent cheap la Qiilet people.
TREAT ave.. €76. near Twentieth— Two sunny
roomg furalBhed for housekeeping: $12 50.
TURK, ICuS— Three large, nicely furnished
housekeeping rcom?; sunny; bath perch
ttatlcnary tub*; $12 month. ' '
VAN NESS. C22— Nicely furaUhed sunny front
bay-v-lrulow comer; separate kitchen: $1S. j
WALLER. 71— Regular dining-room aTd
kitchen of new house; fine view; eun alt day.
APARTMENT HOTJSES.
THE Everett Apartment*. S23 Fell, nr FUN
more— Most elegant apartments in city 4
• nd 5 rooms, furnished and unfurnished; iun
all day; elevator, telephone ; $35 up.
COLE. 40C.C — Sunny furnished 4-room apart*
meet; piano: very desirable; references.
,jtOgjt8_TO I.ET — ram, tad TJafnra.
ATKINS, cor. Third *L and Park lane— New
brick building: all sunny rocms; hot and cold
water; electric IlgbU.- only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 CO week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK house. 148 glxth st. — Rocms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to J3 per week and
Uetl housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market et. (or No 1
Fifth bt.)— Rooms. 25c. SOc. $1. $1 50» night;
$1 XM id $10 week; bouse open all night.
AVON, 473 Geary — New hous*. ju«t opened.
«uite and cinsic rooms; luiisie baths; ape-
' i ii. I rates to tourUts. , /
ARDIXL HOUSE. 16 Page— Large furnlsh»d
room*. SI 25, fl 60 T.eek; hcuspkeplnc, $2 up.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en-
tranw*, 1120 Market and 21 Turk Electric
light*; runninir water In every room; COO
roome; 2ic to SOe per nisrbt; ji t o week.
CALIFORNIA. I2«4— Nice, srjnny room; run-
alnj water, larte closet; tentleraan or Uay.
FEIJ^. «MS— Large furr.lfhed runny front al-
cove room, suitable for 2; also elnyle room,
fcalh, etc.; walking distance. ' .
KO01I3 TO LET — Tnra. and Unf urn.
FIRST. 317 — " connecting, unfurnished rooms;
large closets; runnJns- \.-ater; no children. ¦
GUAM) Southern. 7th anJ Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: fl 00 to $C wk.; reading-room.
GRANT eve., 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny front
mite; also sliiele rocms; $1 CO to $7 week.
HARRISON. rilO. between Twentlsth and
Ttrenty-nrat — Room to let; $4 per month.
HOWARP. 715— Large, sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and *1 25 to $8 -week.
JONES. 507— Bay window and sunny; junction
O'Fafrell «t.; just renovated.
KKArUCY. 229 — Sunny rooms, en suite or sin-
gle; rent reasonable; phone Black 444<?.
MARKET, 1019 (The Falmoutb)— Sunny rooms;
$2 &0 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MCALLISTER, lOSS, cor. Webster— Beautiful
suite of sunny front rooms In new corner
flat; rent reas.: furnished or unfurnlshid.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 12fl Third at. — *0O
sinple and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $S per week: th« only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in evrry room and gives free b«tha ..nd ele-
vator service day and night to itts guesta.
O'FARRELL, CCS— Nicely furnished, sunny
frcnt. rooms; also single; $2 to $4 week.
PINE. 827, rear Porrell— 1 larce sunny room,
cultable for cne or two; reasonable.
PINE. 17S3. block from Van Ness are.— New-
ly furnished room; bath; phone; reasonable.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
readlnff-rocm. smoklng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $S; month. $S to ?30; elevator on ground
fiocr; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POWELL. 19C2 — Large unfurnished room to
let 4t Ji! month.
STOCKTON. 41-45— Nlcrty furnished sunny
front rooms, also einnle, $2 to' $6 week. ;
STOCKTON. 41— Nicely furnished, sunny front
roirr.s; also s-'.r.Rle rcorrs; $2 to $C week.
SUTTF.R. 717— Sunny front or back room;
running water; S minutes' walk town; reas.
TAYLOR, 511— Sunny front room; has gas,
bath: 2 srents or married couple; $10.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
BtTNNTEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter — New brick bldg.,
finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam beat,
privilege to baths; S2 50 to $5 per week.
THE Earl. 10 Powell — Elegantly furn. rooms,
S5c to $160 per night; $2 to fS per week.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms .".5c to $1 night. $1 75 to $0 week;' elec-
tric llshts rno pns), running water in every
room; eieiator, read. -room; <r*e bus; baggage.
UNION'. 1013 — 4 unfurnished rooms and use of
Latli.
VALENCIA. 210 — Large sunny room; private
family. Call Sundays or evenings.
VALENCIA. 131«>. between Twenty-fourth and
Twrnty-flfth — To let. to Email family. 4 un-
furnished rooms, with use of bath; large
Wemt-nt; rent reasonable.
WEBSTER. l.'.fi«— Sunny furnished room; bath.
WlNCHESTER,Hotel. 44 3d st.. rear Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
T.5c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights; readlngr-room; fre? bus; baggage.
ROOMS AND BOARS.
SL'NNY furnished front room, fcr one or two
gentlemen, with breakfast. Apply K552 Web-
fcter *t.
SUNNY double and single rooms, with board;
running water. 300 Lfavenworth st. '
HAIGHT. 332 — Large sunny suite; running
water: grate; second floor; corner house.
BOARD without rooms. . MO Valencia sU
COMORA (The). C21 O'Farreil — Large grounds,
tunny rooms; superior table; reasonable rates.
ELLIS. 143<5 — Rooms to let; sunny, cheerful
and reasonable; b^ard If desired.
ELLIS, 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with very
best French table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807— B£st rooms, table and
service in the city for the least money.
HOWARD. 841 A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family.
ROOM and board In French family. 1728 Sut-
ter «t.
WASHINGTON. 1618— Handsome, newly fur.
par. Milte; single rooms; conv. ; pvc. table.
BOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
TWO sunny front rooms and board for gentle-
man, wife and eon, by December 1, not to
exceed f 75. - Box 510, Call office.
BOOriNO.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid and
reptlrtd; low prices; all work guaranteed.
Chicago Rooflng Company. F. HERRMANN,
Manager. BOH Seccnd st.
STUTTMIN^AH^STAJIOtrBrarO^
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market.
cures; estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
8T0P BBZXXUTO.
GUARANTEED cure: send Me; tablet form;
mailed In olaln package; has cur+d thou-
sands. I* L. C. CO., -417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
TO 3CEASE.
STORE to leaee at 111 El'll* st! Apply~a7
barber shep. - -
SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Sitith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SO. The
Typewriter Exchange, CJ6 California st.
CD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting .lnspec. Co., 5CS Market.
PiyiDEITp NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — Claremont Oil Company on
Dec. 1. 1804. will pay a dividend (No. 6).
amounting to $4500. equal to lc - per share
on its Issued capital stock. Transfer books
close Friday, Nov. 23. 1901. at 5 p. m.. pay.
able at company's office, room 731, Mills
bldg.. San Francisco. CEO. J. R.EMJNG-
TON. Secretary. l -
" LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that th* Mission.
Hotel Bar fixture*. 11.- Gamma, proprietor, at
3205 and 33u9 Mission St.. has changed
liand$; sll bills mun be presented Inside of
S days from date, November 12, 1904.
jiakiuagk: licenses*.
Marrtape licenses were issued yesterday as
follows :
William Crawford, OC. 146 Fifth street, and
France Sooner. 29, HO Fifth street.'
Ursklne Adams. 42. 913 Pacific street, and
Emma Powell. 37. 1074 Clay street. .' .
Frank A. Hanson. 21. 392 Dolores street,
and E»tb«r M. Oustafson. 21, 302 Dolores st.
Albert II. - Quatman, 21. 103S Ellis street,
and I^tltia A. Beretta, 18, 1£1» Clay street.
Robert Duncan, 33, Uklah, Adele' Mc-
Murty, 33/ Ukiah.
Jo":n V. Fritz. 37, Dlxon, and Emilie Aua-
termuhJ, 2S. 3*0 McAllister street. -
Thomas Roclie, 30. 527 Howard street, and
Orrel B. Whltten. 30. 3710 Folsom' etreet.-
Emll M. Barthold, 27, 310 Guerrero street;
and Amalia K. Strohmeler. 20, . 418 ¦ Brannan.
Edward B. Unz, 24, San Jose, and Loll a A.
Frort, 10, San Jcs-e.
Jonathan- 13 O'Hearn, 03, 1755 Post Etreet,
and Gertrude SI. Doyle, 25, Toledo, -Ohio. '¦
John Anderson. 34, 23V- Minna street, and
Kris-tine Holm, 27, 23% Minna street.'
Alesslo Del Carlo, 22, Islcton, and Pla Bl-
anchl. 20. HW Eleventh street.
Andrew J. Maloueh, 21. South ' San ' Fran-
cisco,*and Johanna Riordan, 21, 128V4 -Silver.
Charles Levy. 25. 1345 Eddy turret." and
Emma Cohen. 'J4, 144(5 O'Farrtll street.
Thomas P. Kelly, 2C, city, and Mary A.
Domlr.gues, t'O, city. .•
George A. Lowery. 32. . 429 Sixth Btreet' and
Sophia Adams, 35. 429 Sixth street.
Alexander Nicol,-25. 1169 Mission street, and
Jane Ritchie. 27.'. CS7 Minna »tre«t. - .- .
Lawrence D. Elexonder. 1 25. ¦ Liberty Center.
Ohio, and Edith M. Heyde, 20. city. ',
Ed Arnrburiter. 3S. Milwaukee, Wis. and
Nellie M. Butu, 29, Stockton.
. BIRTHS— HARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriate and death notices -sent bv
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at. -either of the publication, offices -and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the lime published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the. event are published once In this column
free of charge. . .- . • . - .
BOKN. .-.....¦-.-•
COMTE — In this city.', November 15, 1IHM, to the-
wife, of A. Comte Jr.,;a daughter. -¦ ,
ENGLISH— In this city, November, 7, 1001, to
Die wife of Janus M. English, a son. ¦
OCONNELL— In this city. November 13..'] 904,"
to the wife cf Daniel O'Connell,- a- daughter.
TEe CALPS
SGHO0y of MUSIC
— m ; — : — — - — ¦ — '. _ , ' \ . — .....
Every Parent, ) School Boy dhdJSchool
Girl Should Become Interested. : """:¦ :
Any one can learn " to ¦ play by the : '\- . ' . .
new method' of teaching music ".by * IU« *¦ ***
object lessons, which will begin in . ; .«Tr«sit««t in-
THE SUNDAY CALL NOVEM- duoem«nt
BER 20. After six years \ of earnest . - - «r»r offertd
.study and. experiment a "method of.". ¦ in Caiifor-
teachin^; the . desirable art '. of ; playing ni».
the piano has been devised, by which L
. . . any. one can. learn to play arid at the
same time : get a fundamental knowl-
edge of the theory of .'music.; If you
" -¦ have found studying music a difficult
• I . - ; task, all the' difficulties are removed •
¦¦" for you by this new system of sim-
: . . plifying music ..by object", lessons.
- . ' .Any one or. every one can be bene-
: *-' fited by studying the. course of les-
'- " '¦ sons which will . be given in THE
-'-' "1 : . SUNDAY CALL" commencing NO-
Jj j VEMBER 20. The "new method is a
fPt&O 'revelation of simplicity, and places
BjB« jm «tt the art ' of piano-playing in every-
« ICJalilCjf body's hands. The method hac the.
• t»**s»«»^»^ unqualified indorsement of all the
noted ; musicians and teachers who
V . have examined it, and even that emi-
g nent pianist, known the world over.
Josef Hofmann, has given his seal o:
***^ - j approval of it. k '-
The course, as it will be published
a*/^^**^ 4%, by THE SUNDAY CALL, will treat
cach key and its relative minor key
VVllw in one lesson, making twelve (12) les-
sons in the course, . comprising . all
«¦% ~ '*">. , "the different X scales. '¦•¦ All who will
RJ MAA " follow the course should be able to
¦ • i ffJK play^in any key and have a funda-
* • mental \ knowledge of music and har-
• ¦ ¦' mony: which .they would not be able
"I : to get 'in years -Of ordinary study.
' 1 I I I I ¦ - ¦ ¦. T~- ¦- The first lesson will be published No-
•¦? : • 'vember 20, and if you desire to fol-
low the course you should order from
your dealer .'or: newsboy the entire
course. If. you want to play the
piano' or organ, now is your- opportu-
nity. Order the SUNDAY/ CALL .
at once. Tljerels no expense at-
tached to this course of. piano lessons
other than subscribing to' '¦'¦ THE
CALL. All charts and necessary in- f~~ ~
structions are given free to, : every .Zr*!*,, 1^!!
reader of the SUNDAY. CALL. If u Tr7m t^
you are not a reader you are missing, '; 1%m
a great opportunity. Watch ; THE _ ,, 3 Bjionl4 gnmv
CALL for announcements; of promi- r i : th« opportu-
nent musicians indorsing the system ;? /; - * a ity.
which this paper gives absolutely free. ¦, - > • ' — •
REMEMBER:
The first, les^-ii^-lwi'^eiifin^TR Call
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 20
CT'rhe funeral will - take -dace to. day
(Thursday) at 9 :30 a. m., from .the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Mary'*
Cathedral, .v/here a solemn mass will be
celebrated for the rcrose of his soul, com.
moncinsr at 10 a. m. Interment private. '
WAGNER— In this . city. November 14. 19Q4,
at his residence, &~,3 Hampshire street,
Christian, dearly beloved husband of Frieda
Wagner, and father of Carl Wagner, a na-
tive of A^urtemberg Germany, aged 5S years
and 30 days. A member of San Francisco
Schwa ben Vereln and Germanla Lodge No.'
1718. Knights of Honor.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. .'fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), November 17, at 1:30 p. m.,
from the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence. to San Francisco Turn Vereln Hall,
853 Turk street, where services will be held
under the auspices- of the San Francisco
Schwaben Vereln. commencing at 2 p. ra.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WEINBERG^ — At Goldflelds, ¦ Nev.. November
13, l'.tO-t. Moses, beloved husband of Rokecca
Welnberg. and father of Jeanette, Alice and
Joseph Welnberg. a native of Germany,
(New York. Baltimore. Worcester. Mass.,
and Norfolk. Va., papers please copy.)
B^TFuneral i will take ulaco Thursday
morning, November 17, at 0:30 a. m. from
214 Spruce street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers. , .
WILDER— In- the Clty*and County Hospital,
November 15, 1004, John Wllber, a native of
Germany.- aged S3 years.
WINCHESTER— In this city. Nov 16. 1904,
E. II. • Winchester, a native of Massachu-
setts. ¦
Philip Lough Roberts, a native of Ohio, aged
6T years -U months and IS days. -"•"¦.'
' CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday) at p. m.. from' his' late
residence, 1710 Knirvlew street, Lortn sta-
tion. Interment private. " " - • •' •'
RODEN— In this" city. November 15, 1C04,
Lilly lrew».Ro<jpn, beloved mother of Mrs.
.Icseph T. Mpngts and Bessie M. and William
H. Roden Jr., a native -of San Francisco. '
C?"Funcral Krr\iccs will be held, to-day
(Thursday), at St. Brlgid's Church, where
a' requiem hteh mass will be celebrated for
the repose" of - her -soul, commenclnu at 10
n. m. Interment private. ¦
RUTH-^-In this city, November 16, 1004.
Charles Ruth a^ native of Germany, aged
01 years. ¦. . - • - .
SCHALL— In this city, November 16, 1004,
Anna, beloved wile of Frederick C. Schall,
and sister of James and Mary L. Qulim. a
native or Ireland, ared .37 years and 8
days. (St: Joseph, Mo., and Eureka., Cal..
papers please copy.) .
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
6CHROEDER— In Oakland, November 15.
l»04. Pearl Elizabeth, dearly beloved daugh-
tf-r of -Al and Kate Schroeder. a native^ of
Sacramento, aged 8 years 3 months and 6
days. .
SMITH— In this city, November ' 16. 1904,
Dr." Driesbach Smith, beloved brother of
Mrs. Harriet M. Wylie of Napa. -
C7The funeral services will be held to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m., at the chapel at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. •
SULLIVAX— In this city November 14/ 10W.
John J. Sullivan, a native of Soaln, ajed
40 years.STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
Forclsm Fiitnros.
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening 7 1% 7 3% 7 3*
Closing 7 2- 74 ' ' 73^1
PARIS.
Wheat—. -,';¦ Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 2.1 70 25 35
Closing 23 SO 23 35
Klour —
Opening 31 50 3.1 25
Closing 31 CO 33 30
St. Louis Wool Market. •
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 10.— WOOL— Firm. Med
ium grades, combing and clothing. 20@2Sc:
light fin?. 17",22c; heavy fine, 13@lSc; tub
washed, 25£«»SVsc.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Nov. 16. — Clearings, $7S7,0O5;
balance*, $127,747.
TACOMA. Nov. 16. — Clearances, $524,394;
balancm. ?42.403.
PORTLAND, Ncv. 16. — Clearances, $67S,0S4;
balances, J70.S80.
SPOKANE. Nov. 10. — Clearances, $534,917;
balances, 457,892. - .. .c*
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
New York Exchange continue s weak and
Silver Is a fraction lower.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.fl 84 4J4 8*U
Sterling Exchange, sight... ... 4 87 fl>4 87^4
Sterling Exchange, cables..... 4 &T\L @4 87%
New York Exchange, sight.... f2V4 0 C5
X. Y. Exchange, telegraphic. O4 @ 03
Silver, per ounce ............ — ® 6S\i
Mexican Dollars 43 J4 '© 40
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.15
New York on Mexico 215
Parlson London .25. 13Vj
Berlin on London .20.36^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower, but
the foreign markets In general showed little
change.
Chicago dropped from $1 13 to $1 10% and
recovered to $1 12^4. The San Francisco mar
ket stood about as before, though future* were
several fractions stronger. The market was
featureless all around.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 WXgl 62^; California
White Australian. $t 60@l 65; Northern Club,
none offering; Northern Bluestem. Si 62*49
1 «S per ctl. - ~. , r-7*y
FUTURES.
Session 0 to . 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 44Vi $1 44U $i otj $i 44
May , 1 *5 .1 45'^ 1 44l| *j 45^
';;>¦;»;•'.. 2 p. m. 8esalon. : .-
Open. High. Low. c: 0 «e
December ...$1 44 - $1 44K $144 Si 44%
May ........ 1 45«. 145% 1 45V» 1 431$
: BARLEY— The market continues as before,
with a very good demand for Feed, large sales
The Northern California Powder Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 6c per
share November 25.
The ' Wild Gocvse Mining and Tradlnsr Com
pany will pay a dividend of 30c on the 21st.
The San Luis Gas and Electric Company has
levied an aflvesement of S.i. delinquent Decem
ber 7; the Fischer- Rcbmann Theater Company
one of 15c delinquent November 20.
Yefterday was another lively day. with an
active business, the sugar stocks stiU being
the center of attraction. They were all higher.
Paauhau sellinsrup to $10 5O. Hawaiian Com
mercial to. $74 75. Honokaa to $17 62V4-
Hutchinson to $15 75 Makaweli to $32 25 and
KUauea to ?5. Spring Valley Water was
ajso firmer, selllns up to $40. and there were
sales of Alaska Packers at the wide range
of $91 50000 and Pacific States Telegraph and
Telephone at $1 C4JU WVi. Gas and Electric
vu higher at $53 e2*iB54 25. Giant Powder,
which sold down to $C0 on Tuesday, went up
to $63 25. .The present market Is an excellent
one for thoso who look for rapid turns.
The. oil shares continued nulet. There was
nothing new In mining stocks except an easier
feeling In the Tonopahs.-
Continued Activity. With the Sugars
Still Goins Up^
STOCK MARKET.
MISCELLANEOUS ->LARKETS.
I ®fl for ordinary - fancy, " 50075c for choice
and 25040c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellls. SI 25©1 80 p«r box;
cooking varieties. 40<375c per box.
PERSIMMONS — C&ffS5c per box.
POMEGRANATES — Nominal.*
QUINCES— 25350c per box.
FIGS— «0c@$l per box. •
GRAPES— Table varlettM, e5c6$l 10 for
crates. 3O@50c for small boxes. and $1®1 73
for open boxes. I
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels, $1 4 5©
2 75, per "box; Seedlings. $1 50@l 73; Tanger
ines. $1 25 for small ana $1 75 for large boxes:
I Lemons $2 50«*3 tor fancy. $1 75«2 25
for choice and $1 25@1 50 for etand
! ards; Grape Fruit. $232 50; Mexican Umes,
$4@4 50 per case; Bananas. $233 per bunch for
I Central American and 73c@$2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey.
i FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7»i@10c for
I Royals and 9#12c for Moorparks: Nectarines.
d¥i&"Me for White and «H©7c for Red:
Peaches. 7HCS%c P«r Ib: Pears. J®J2C;
' Plums, pitted. 6®CHo for black. 7%CS%c
1 for red and 7@8^c for yellow: Figs. 2-crown
! bricks 50c; 3-crown 55c: 4-crown. 60c*, o
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2%<$3c: black.' 3*C
Ei.%porate.i Apples, 5©7c per Ib.
• PRUNES— l» 8 ©l%e P« r lb tcT *t* four "'"••
and 2 l ,4e basis for the large «lze«.
RAISINS— 1004 crop f. o. b. *"««,?<>— X JI'
I pcrlal clusters. $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. $1 30Q1 33;
London Layers $161 10; Loose Muscatels, ?•
•crown, 4Hc: 3-crown, 3»4c; 2-crown. 3J4c:
I Seeded 4V.@3^*c; Thompson's Seedless, 4Ho;
Seedless Sultanas. 3%c per lb.
i NUTS-r-New Walnuts. No. 1 rof tshell. 12©
i 12%c; No 2. 10©10%c: No. 1 hardshell. 12c;
No. 2. 10c; Almonds. 16@17c for Nonpareils.
146>14Ho for I X L. lOSHc for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6(@7c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11613c; Cocoanuts, $4 50©o:
Chestnuts 7@10c per lb. for California and
12^©13*4c for Italian.
HONEY — Comb W/iQIZc for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted. 8Vi@
i 6c; light amber extracted. &35V4c; dark. 3®
BEESWAX— 27g23c per lb. \ ' ..*. ';'_.
Provisloiifl.
There Is nothing new, 'the market being
1 still dull and featureless.
1 CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOtfc per lb for
heavy, lO^ic for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14 We for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides lOe; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar,
cured Hams 12i4©12%c; California Hams,
12@12V4c; Mess Beef. $10S10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess, $10 50011; Family. $12igtl2 50: prime
Mess Pork, $14 50: extra clear. $22; Mesa.
$16 50: Pig Pork. 525; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb. -
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6^0 per lb for
1 California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9@9V.c for pure; half-barrels, pure, ©V%©
1 t>-y«c; 10-Ib tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10?»c; 3-lb
• tins, 10 Vie.
! COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8$jc: three
! half barrels, 8Hc; one tierce. Pftc; two tierces.
8}ic; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
I Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
; HIDES AND SKINS— kTulls and brands sell
about %<Slc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; m«dlum. 10c: light. 9%c; Cow
Hides, 0%c for heavy and 9V»c for light;
Stags 7c; Salted Kip. 10%c; Salted Veal,
lie; Salted Calf. HHc; dry Hides. l~Me; dry
Kip 15c; dry Calf. 20o; Sheepskins, shearlings,
. 25@40c each: short Wool. 40fi«5c each; me
dium. 75i}J90c: - long Wool, $161 fiO: Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for lanre and $2 60 for
medium $1 5CC2 for small and 60c for Colts;
Horse Hides dry. $1 75 for large and $1 25®
1 50 for medium, SI for small, 50c for Cotts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, .We; dry salted
1 Mexican. *5c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
I Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do,
1 $1 23; large 50c; medium 35c; small. 20c.
! TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, *Qi\ic per lb;
No 2 3#c; Grease, 2>>44?3c. . ¦
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaqutn and South
ern Oeilc- Southern, 8<JT9c:' Southern Moun
tain. Ofnic: Middle Countlen free. !2-«Hc:
.(•o defective, loip^c; Xorthern fre«. 12(3l4c;
do. defective. 10#12c; Humboldt and Alendo
cino Ihfil-'c pet lb.
. HOPS — 1304 crop. 2a-^32c per lb.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 5©7c for Steers and 4JJ5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 607%c: small 7@9c rer lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7®7»^c; Ewes. C@7c per
pound.
LAMB— ?^0c per lb.
], PORK— Dressed Hogs e^Sc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattl«:
CATTLE— Steer* 7V;®7>4c: Cows and Helf
ers. .5'fc(^t5%c: thin Cows. 4«j5c per lb.
CALVES — tS4>jc per lb <gro c n weight).
SHEEP— Wether*. .1^e3%c; Ewes. 3S3«o
per lb. (gross we(ght).
LAMBS— $2 ZC'4'2 75 per heal.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 250 lbs. 4Tic:
under 140 lbs. 4V4®4 : Vic: soft Hogs, not want
! ed; Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent
off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from above
! quotations.
General 3Ierchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. $5«3 23; San Quentln,
$1 50: Wool Hags. 3C@32c; Fleece Twine 7^c.
•COAL— Wellington. $« per ton: New Wel
lington, $3: Seattle. f« SO; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill $5 30: Roslyn. *7; Coos Bay.
.55 50; Richmond. $7 30; Cumberland $13 in
bulk ond $14 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. *14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
We>h [jjmp, $11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke,
$11 DOfflS per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 50 per short
ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Llrneed. 51c pe r gallon for belled and
4»c for raw; Caster Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA, case*. $1 1O31 12; Lucol. CO? for
boiled and 48c fcr raw: China Nut, cases.
C5?i£0c rer gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels*
¦ nsc for Ceylon «nj n5c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Ke: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: 'extra bleached wln'e r Whala
Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extr* winter
strained Lard Oil. 7.V?; No. 1 Lard Oil, C5c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Keatsfoot Oil.
C3c; HKht Herring Oil. -42c: dark Herring oil.
40c- Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint Oil. 83c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
; 13c; Pearl Oil. In ca*e6. l!>Hc: Artrel 1914c:
! Star l'JUc; Rxtra Star. 22Hc; Elaine. 26c;
1 R-3Cfne 21 Deodorized Stove Gasoline. |n
bulk. 16c; In caaes. 22Uc; Benzine, In bulk
'• 13c; in case.*. lf>Uc: 80-<!egree Gasoline in
bulk 23«: In C3*ey, 31e.
TURPENTINR— K .ln per rallcn In ca*es and
~Z>r In druTiin and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7U$9
7'j4c per lb: White Lead, . 7K07%c. according
to quantity.
BUOAR — The "Western Sugar' ReflrlnK Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100-!b bags:
Cubes. A crushed and Fine Crushed, 6 25c:
Powdered. 0.10c: Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granu'ated. flne. (to; Dry Granulated, c-arse.
Cc: Fruit Granulated. Oc: Peet Granulated
n00-lb' baK.» only). .'.tJOc; Confectioners' A 6c-
Maprolfa A, r».rtie: Kxtra .C. R.50c: Oolde'n C
r>.4Cc: "n." 5.::uc: barre's. 10c more: half
barrel*. Ctfc more: boxes, 60c more: r.O-lb baes
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels"
6.50c; boxes. 0.7.1c; H. & E. Crystal Domino^,'
3c per lb. No orders taken for lass than sev
' enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
¦
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16.
'Flour, qr sks-. .14,414! Ft ed. sks JS4
j Wheat ctls fi,»3 ti Alfalfa, »ks 2
I Barley, ctls •••• O.. r 24i Tallow, ctls .... 223
'Corn ctis "SOI Leather rolls... 21*
! Rye.' ctlx ...... 4*!2 Hides. No 3«5
! Beans sks ..... 5.82»j Lime, bbls 1$2
Potatoes sks ... 1.34n|pe!ts. No J85
Middlings, sks .. l,flOf1|Su»car. ctls 1.K80
Hay tons 20S:Rarfslns. bxs 5.114
I Hops, bales 254'Wlne. gala Cfl.175
! Wool, .bales IDS' Chicory, bbls 10
OREGON.
: Flcur qr sks... D.C271 Potatoes, sks .... 18S
; Oats, ctls l.COOI
EASTERN.
\ Corn, ctls 3.000|
OMAHA. Nebr., Nov. 16.—CATTLE—Re
ce'pts. 6500. Stoady to easier. Native steers,
$3 78862$ ccwr and helfera, J2 5O'<}4: Western
steers. $2 90514 80; Texas steers, $2 75#:t 75;
range cows and heifers, $2 2.V33 50; canners,
$17r«2 25: stockers and feedera $2 50@4;
calres. J.i5?5 50; bulls and stags." $1 75®3 85.
HOGS — Receipt p, 8500. Shade to So lower.
Heavy, $4 57%C4 70; mixed. ?4 57^(^4 CO:
light, $4 55@4621; pigs, $i@lC0; bulk of
¦sale*. $4 57«4S4 W^.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.500. Steady to strong.
Westsrn yearlings. $4 30ff J c3; wethers, $4 20®
4 50; ewrs. 5< f>C(S"4 40: common and. atockero,
$2 Et©4 SO; lambs. tT-fi" '!>.
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000. Market weak to Oc
lower. Bulk of sales, $4 45§4 70; heavy, $J f>5
(fi4Rf>: packers, . Si SO^i "0; pigs and light,
$t25C4ea
?HEEP — Receipts. 4CO0. Strong. Lambs,
$4 -ZU~> S3; range wethers. $4 ni 75; ewes, $2 50
(514 ; Colorado Iambs. 71 pounds, $3 75; Colorado
wethers. 103 pound*. $4 25.
Oniahn.
KANSAS CITY, iMo..' Nov. 16.— CATTLE—
Iteocipta. 9C00. Steady. Native steers, $3 4<>3
4 C.">: native cews and heifers, $1 50<S4 75;
etockem and feeders. $2 ¦25^4 10; hulls, $1 75®
3 50: calves. $2 5O-576: Western steers, $3iJJ4;
"Western cows. $1 60<S3 SO.
Kansas City.
' HOGE 1 — Receipts: To-day, 85.000; to-mcrrow,
33,O(jO. Steady to So lower. Mixed and butch
ers, (1 65S4 &."); good to chclce heavy. $4 SO^
4S7Vb; rough heavy. $4 'Wti 03; light, $4 60@
4 P0: bulk of sales. $4 65<B4 SO.
. SHKEP — Receipts. 22.000. Sheep and lambs,
steaCy. Good to choica wethers, $1 30®4 75;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50*?l 20; .Wesurn
sheep, $3 20574 75; native lambs, ?4 2&0G;
Western Iambs, $4 50r c ?5 50.
CHICAGO Nov. 16.— CATTLE — Receipt*.
2G/.C0, Including 4000. Westerns. Steady for
best, ethers lovrer. Good to. prime steers. $5 ?0
iC*7 J.5;- poor -to medium, »."5 40§-5 CO; stcckers
and feedere. *2ft4; cows, SI "25®4 40; heifers.
.SI 75^5 30; cann»r». $1 25@2 40; bulls, $ - J5j4 25;
calves $3 B0g7: Western steers, $3 10ig5 15.
Chicaco.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
Geary -Ft 3s.. 50 — ISac KG&R5«.10O .100J4
H C&S 5%«.1O5 — IsF & SJV5*.119 ¦—
Do 5s 100 — | Sierra R Bs. — —
Hon R T fs.104^ — IS P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. - 103U (19C8) 10S*ilW*s
i. A-Ry 6a. .115% — (1910) 100% —
L. A L, Co 6s — — S P of C ' £s
Do rtd 6«. — — (1903)Sr A. 101 — V"
Do gtd 58.101 1O3V4 (1005)Sr B. — —
LAP lem 5a.l01 — (19C6) 104VI —
Mkt-8t C «8.115?4118% (1912) 114 —
Do lem 5a. — 117 tSPC 1 eg 5s. — —
>IV& MtT5a.lO5' 110 j Do stampd. — —
NRR of C6s. — 107 Is P B R 6a.l34 —
Do 5s 118% — IS V Wat fcs.ltoH —
N P C R 3«. — 103%i Do 4s 2dm.lOOtilOO%
N C Ry 5g.. — 112 ! Do 4s Sdm. 99H —
N C P C 8s. 99 — | Dog mtg4a 99^ —
N S R R 5«. — 95 IStkn G&Etfs. C3 —
OG LAH 5s. — ; 110 jU G & E 5s.lO2H —
O W gtd 5a. — 100 tUR of SF 4s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — — (Port Costa... — —
Martn Co... — 60 |3 V Wat Co. 39}* 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I* A P. 3H — S F G & E. 537s M 1 *
Mutual E I*. 0^ 11 Stkn G & E. — B»4
Pao 1. Co... 60t/i — U G & E Co. — .. —
INSURANCE.
Flnm'i Fnd.310 326 |
BANK 8TOCKS. - „
Am Ntl Bk..l2« 130 |L, P & A 150 —
Anglo- Cal ..88 — Mar Trust...- — 230
Bank of Cal.420 423 IMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.150 — S F National — —
First XationI — 370 i I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.233O — Sav A L. So.. — 1C0
Hum 8 4 1* — — Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 1C0 Union T Co.. -r —
S F Sav U.615 — *
STREET RAILROADS.
•California .. — 198 H! Presidio ..... 89 —
I Geary — 40 I
POWDER". V
Giant 63% 63»4iVigorit — 4H
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 7-tU 75 Makaweli C 32 324
Honokaa S C 17 H — Onomea S C. 31% 3214
Hutch S P C 15Vfe 13^ Paauhau S C. 19Vi 19»
KUauea S C. S —
.MISCELLANEOUS.
j Alaska P A. 90 97 (Oceanic S Co. 3*i «9s
Cal F C A. — ©OVilPac Aux FA. 4>, —
I Cal Wine A. — 77VilPac C Borx.155 137 Vi
MV& MtTm. 03 102 IPac S Tel Co.lC4UH>5
SALES.
Morning Session.
i 10 Alaska Packers' Association. .. 83 50
; 5 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 94 0<>
60 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 74 60
75 Honokaa S Co 17 624
275 Honokaa S Co 17 50
50 KUauea Sugar Plantation Co.. 4 25
160 Makaweli 32 (W
115 Makaweli 32 25
150 Hutchinson S P Co 13 SO
260 Hutchinson S P Co 15K2»i
175 Hutchinson S P Co 13 75
243 Paauhau S P Co 13 25
150 S F Ga» & Electric 51 «2^
400 Spring Valley Water Co 40 00
$0.0110 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s.. 84 75
f 1.000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 100 23
tl.OuO Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. 121 CO
Street —
100 Spring Valley Water Co 40 CO
, $5,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 100 25
I SI. 000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 105 87 #
! $6,000 United R R of S F ¦* per cent. 86 25
$11,000 S F & S J V 3 per cent 119 00
Afternoon Session.
15 Alaska Packers' Association... »5 00
;-..; 20 Alaska Packers' Association... 0« 00
15 Giant Powder Con 62 50
40 Giant Powder Con fcl 25
15 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 74 50
80 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 74 75
300 Hutchinson S P Co 15 75
20 Hutchinson S P Co 15 62»i
50 Hutchinson S P Co 15 50
50 Hutchinson S P Co 15 37}j
50 Hutchinson S P Co 15 25
125 KUauea Sugar Plantation Co. . 4 73
50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.. 4 874
200 KUauea Sugar Plantation Co.. 5 CO
25 Makaweli 32 OO
23 Makaweli 32 25
45O Paauhau S P Co ;.... 19 23
70 Paauhau S P Co 19 SO
35 Paauhau S P Co 19 37'J
65 Pac States T & T (ex-rfghts)..104 00
45 Pae States T & T (eje-rights). .1(H 50
10 S F Gas & Electric 53 73
- 65 8 F Gaa A Electric 54 0O
10 S F Gas & Electric 54 12£
5 S F Gas & Ki^trtc 54 25
$1,000 Cal Gas & El G M A C T 5s. . 84 75
$7,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 113 50
$3,000 Oakland Trarslt Co 6 per cent. 121 0O
$.'{.000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 104 73
$1,000 Spring Val 4s (2i mtge) 1C0 23
Street —
50 Pacific Lighting 60 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| 4 Bid. As3c.
Bav CPC 6a. — 101 | SF & NP 5sll2 112%
B L Wat 6«. — 114^ 8 P C R U 9« 10.$
Cal KW.5s..U2tt — IS P Co 4^s.lOIU —
M C Wat 5«.1CO — (Sun Tel es.,.11414 —
Rls I WktSs — 1C5 j Do .'.a 105Vi —
I SF Drdk 5«.ll2 — fSuttr-st R5*.104 —
! MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
I Ala S Co... 22 25 JLoni SF Bk. — 60
Amer Bis Co — 00 Ijiat Nav Co. 60 —
Cal Cot Mils SO — iNev Nat Bk.200 —
Cal GAECor. 30 50*3 Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
C Jockey Cl.tlO — loak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Po-f.-der.130 145 . 1 1OOF Hall A 6*i —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOrpheuin Co. — l«l£
Cal T I & T — 160 tPacC Cas Co. — 133'
Cen Bk. Oak 6f> 72%lFac Sur Co. 103 —
Chutes Co .. 5 « iParaf Paint.. 30 —
City & C Bk — 120 |? F Dryiock. — €5
Cyp L Imp.. — tUVSF&SJ Coal. 17»4 20
East Dynm.. — 375 's J Wat Co. 10.1 }j —
DptPwd pfd — 85 ISO & MTgbt-125 —
Do com ..40 — |So Pac Co... 6* —
FN* Bk. Oak.120 — iSwls»-A Rk.115 —
Fischer Thtr 1.40 2 (Truck Elect.. — 12
'. Frnch-A Bk.lO7>4 — IUR InC j>fd. 62U &t
; Gas Con A.. — lit ! Do com ... lCVi —
Hono'P Co.. — 26 I
SALES
Moralag Session. » •
Board — • '
' 50 Northern Cal Power Co 10 0O
. California Stock and Oil Exchange.
i Stock— Bid. A*ked.
Associated Trust Cert 24 ....
' California Standard "ill j ....
Caribou ." 6 00
Hanford ISO CO
Horn* > 56
Independence 30
Monarch (of Arizona) 25
Mocte Cristcv .7". .«»i>
0!'. City Petroleum '57 63
Reed Crude 2 Oo . ....
Senator 72 ....
Sterling 2 00 2 50
Thirty-Thre* 5 50 ...'.
Twenty-Eigrht 10 5o ....
Miscellaneous — • .
t Truckee Electric 11 CO , i*..»V
Morning Session.
400 Four Oil 54
50 Sterling 2 00
Afternoon Session.
j 50 Sovereign ¦' 33
BO StefunTT. • SCO
Jiining Stocks;^ -^
SAN FRANCI3CO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cUco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocka.
' 10O Belcher 171 1C0 Con Cal & V.I 75"
: 1(H> Bullion 25; 1C0 Mexican 1 10
! 300 Caledonia .... :»5j 300 Savage 23
BOO Chollar 1*1 500 sslerra Nev.... 33
I 10O Chollar 131 2C0 Union Con.... 60
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
; 50O Andes 2 1| 500 Mexican 113
! 200 Belcher «| luO Ophir 2 23
' 100 Bullion 23| 10U Potosl 0O
( 300 Caledonia .... 38| 200 Savage 23
SCO Con Cal & V.t S»i «00 Silver Hill.... 62
10O Gould & Cur. 12; 200 Union Con.... S2
10CO Julia 06, SCO Utah 06
100 Justice 07! I.-'
/ ; * . CLOSING QUOTATIONS. «
Bld.Ask.1 BId.Ask.
Alnha I 2 H! Julia C5 ».«
Aita C5 O7iJustlce 06 07
\M,s 2:5 23,Kentuck 02 at
' Belcher H lslLady Wash .. 02 01
Be*t & Belch.l 05 1 lOiMexican 1 10 1 15
Bullion 24 25 Occidental 74 76
Caledonia.... 36 3S Ophir .... ....2 20 2 23
Challenge 13 14! Overman 12 14
Chollar « 15 Potoul C9 10
Confidence ... K2 R5 Scorpion 05 07
Con Cal & V.I SO 1 851 Savage ,.. 23 24
Con Imperial. — fHtSesr Belcher... 03 07
Con NT'.... 03 CS'Slerra Nev..j. 40 41
Orown Point.. 16 WlFlhrer Hill.... 52 53
Eur«ka Con.. — 50 St. I>ouls — 07
Exchequer ... 44 4i»: Syndicate .... 03 03
K. Sierra Nev 03 03! Union Con.... 32 51
Gould * Cur. 11 12' Utah 07 09
I Hale & Norc. 63 f5' Yellow Jacket. 17 13
TOXOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
j Morning &e«slon.
I SCO Gold Anchor. 201 COO Ton Ohio .... 32
' 7CO MacNamara .' 26! 100 Ton of Nev.S S7&
; -4U0 Ray A O'Brien 09!
Afternoon Session.
'¦¦¦ 200 Cen Eureka..! CO! 350 Mont Ton ...1 TO
2no Gold Anchor. SC| 100 Mont Ton ...1 75
2500 MacXamara . '27! 100 Rescue ....... io
U.-Q MacXamara . 2tfi 1C0 Ton of Nev...o 00
j CLOSIXG QUOTATIONS.
• Tonopah.
Bld.A«Vt.| BId.Ask.
Ton of Nevj. — 9 2T>| Rescue cs 10
Mont Ton ...1 70 1 80! Ton * Cal id 20
Ton Exten . .1 80 2 OOlRay A O'Brien — 07
MacNamara . 2fl 27ll>aymaater ... 02 04
Ton Midway.. 36 SSlL'ttle Ton ..43 —
' Ton Belraont..- CS .- 70;E*peranxa .... 01' i^
i Ton N Star... 10 IS 1 Gold Anchor.. 20 —
West End ... 13 — Qulncy ....... 11 __
Ton Gold Mt. ' lfl IStN Y Toa Con. 12
GoIdSeld.
r.wl Top .... 11 14i»umbo Ex .., ,19 22
Goldfleld Mhk 15 — 'Vernal Mln ..10 —
Columbia .... — 21|GcWneld — .61
Jumbo .. 60 53! .
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa-
CHICAGO. November 16. — On the Produce
fcxchansre to-day the- butter market was steady.
Creameries, U^'iiz: dairies, 15S21c. Eggs,
f.rm : at mark, cases- Included,- 17^S2OV4c.
firsts 2o'i,c. prime nrst*. ZSVjC, extra 27 He.
Cheese, steady, lCmgll^e. ,
Butter. Cheese arid Eggs.
CHICAGO, Ncv. 16.— Cash ' quotations were
as follows: Flcur, steady: No. 2 spring wheat,
$l osrii i::y, ; No. 3, Jl 03*u 13: No. 2 red,
SI WAitl 1«; No. 2 corn, ti'tc; No. 2 yellow.
5.Sc; No. 2 oats 31H332&C: No. 3 white, 31@
;il9ic- No. 2 rye, 7»> 2 c, (rood feeding barley.
SS&3-SM-C; fair to choice malting. 42(g52c; No.
l! Tlax^eed, ; $1 10H: No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 n\(,: prime timothy seed. $2 65; mess pork,
per barrel. $11 10-ail IS', lard, per 100 pounds.
$7 02V@7 05; short ribs sides (loose). $($ 87V1®
7 VZ\i1 short clear sides (boxed). $6 87^©7:
whisky, basis of high wines, ?1 24; clover, con
tract grade, $12 25.
I Articles— 4 . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 3t).000 30.600
Wheat bushels lltf,0(X> 134,000
Corn, buchels 333.5TC) 163.000
Oats. bushHa 170,000 101, 100
Rye bushels 12,000 46.400
Barley bushels 181,000 49,300
Cash Grain and Provisions,
O. .L. Anderes, brother of-the miss
ing man. notified Chief of Police Witt
man of this city shortly after the
young man's disappearance, but the
Chief could not get a single clew that
would help trace the missing man. W.
J Elliott, whose office la in the Emma
Spreckels building, has been making a
search for Anderes In behalf of the
Woodmen of this city.
The Modern Woodmen of America
are making heroic efforts to locate one
Edgar C. Anderes of Argentine, Kans..
who is supposed to have disappeared
in this city during the Grand Army
Encampment last year. Anderea ar
rived here and intended to sail for
Australia a few dayg later. He wrote
to his brother in the Kansas town to
that effect and then strangely dropped
from sight.
¦ Anderes was 23 years old, 5 feet 10
inches In height and weighed about
170 pounds. He was of dark com
plexion and of rather striking appear
ance. He was a prominent member
o* the Modern Woodmen of America
and a man of apparently good habit3.
Hia relatives have been striving foe
more than a year to locate him and
fear he has met with foul play.
Edgar C. Anderes, Who Came Ilere
During Grand Army Encampment,
Disappears Mysteriously.
WOODMEN SEARCHING FOR
MISSING KANSAS 3IAX
1000 Red Lion .. C6| 50f> Rescue 10
-400 Jumbo 50; 50O Rescue (Xt
30t> Jumbo 51i 7m> Diamondfield.. 38
1000 Jumbo C2\ .'.<« Dlamondfleld.. J.7
7C0 N Y Con .... 12 500 Dlamondfleld.. 30
1700 Ton Midway.. 2>;i 200 West End .... M
1300 Ton Midway.. 37J JiX> Mont Ton ...1 70
1000 Red Top 111 50O Mont Ton...t 67S
1000 Mohawk 19-lOCO Ton GoM Mt. 17
lOOO Mohawk 20'100» MacNamara . • i«
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchanga yssterday
3500 Jumbo ...... tO( 2«O Ton of Nev.S 12'i
ISO Jumbo 51: llw> Paymaster ... Ot
10iX> Jumbo Ex .. 10! 30 Mont Ton ...1
100O Black Butte.. 17i20OO Mont Ton ...17u
2«0 MacNamara . 271 400 R«jjcu» 11
1200 MacNamara . 2H 1500 N Y Con .... 12
1000 Vernal Mia . . 11
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
cf which have been, made during the past two
or three days. : .
I CASH BARLEY.
\i Feed $1 07%® 1 12>4; Brewing and Shipping,
SI 1501 17%; Chevalier. $1 15©1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. '
Open. High. Low. Close.
.December ..41 09% $100% $109% $100%
'May 100 1 CO 109 109
2 p. m. Session.
Open. ¦ High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 0»M *1 08% $109% $1 0a%
May — No sales; $1 0S% bid. $1 09 asked.
OATS — Continue steady, though the market
was rather quieter yesterday.
White »1 42%©1 67%; Surprise, $1 5591 60;
Red for- teed. $1 32%@1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22U01 30 for No/ 2; extra fine for seed,
$1 42%#1 50; Black,! $1 SO01 -5 for feed and.
$1 45@1 62% for seed.
CORN — Yesterday's receipts from the West
were 3000 ctls. The market continues steady
at previous quotations, except lower prices .
for Egyptian. >
Western sacked. $1 45@1 50 for Yellow,
$l-45@l 50 for White and $1 4531 50 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 45@1 CO;
i email round do, $1 55@1 «2%; White, nom
¦ lnal: Egyptian, $1 35@1 40 for White and
i fl 17%©1 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
I' •'
Flour and Millstuffs.
' — California Family Extras, ?4 SC@
5 tt usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 704x5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl.
! MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal $4; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy,
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4 25; Cracked
i Wheat $375; Farina. $4; Whole Wheat
i Flour, $3 00; Rolled Oats, bbls, $0 75(f 7 50; In
! sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
I boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Quotations for everything remain, as before.
The Hay circular of Somers & Co. says:
! "There seems to be a steady lessening in
! shipments of j hay. for during the week Just
' ended we have received but 21*00 tons, In com
j parlson with 2700 tons for last week and 3300
I for the week preceding that. In spite of the
i comparatively light shipments we have been
receiving enough to supply the demand, for
I business has been very quiet, both as to local
1 trade and export demand. Cars are still
j scarce, and It is possible there would be a lit
tle more hay coming if orders for shipment
were filled promptly, but It Is reported that
¦ many, holders of hay have decided to with
hold 'shipments until a more favorable oppor
tunity.
•'Absolutely nothing of interest can be re
ported concerning the local situation, for al
though we have had two or three weeks of
fine weather, at the present writing It Is
raining again which will tend for a while
at least to prevent any further talk of a dry
winter. Green feed la abundant all over the
State, which is naturally lessening the con
j sumption of hay everywhere. A cold snap
I would destroy much of this, so we have no
1 reason to doubt that there will be , the
I regular winter's consumption of hay through
i out the Coast. x_
I "Most of the hay now being marketed Is
of the better grades of wheat and tame cat;
the poorer qualities are b«ing held back and
therefore at present are in somewhat better
demand. We can note no change ,ln prices
and can see nothing in Bight at present that
promises any better figures for some little
time to come."
BRAN— $l!>®10 per ton. "
MIDDLINGS— $23 5C@2S per ton.
SHORTS— $lS©10 per ton.
PEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $23<?24 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50:
Jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, f23@24; Cocoa
! nut Meal. $24Q'25; Corn Meal. $31#31 50;
I Cracked Corn. $31 «Vg32; Ml*?d Feed $22 60©
i23r Horse Beans. $30940 per ten; Broom
! Corn F«ed. 90c per ctj.
HAY— Wheat, $10^15; Wheat and Oat. $10®
! 14; Oat. $9912; Barley and Oat. fsiyii; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $71310.; stable. $9gl0; stock,
$5 50@7; Clover. $7<gl0; Alfalfa. $9©12 poc.
ton.
STRAW— 35@G0c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Prices for Beans remain about the same.
The quotations represent, merchantable lots.
' as weather damaged sell down as low as $1
and have no definite price. Receipts were
682C sacks, making 25,110 thus far this week.
; BEANS— Bayo*. $2 75@3: Pea. nominal;
Butter. $3@3 25; small .White, $3 15@3 30;
large White. $'-' 40#2 65: Pink, J2 75<S3 15:
Red. $4 25S4 60; Lima. 54 ]5fi4 2."; Red Kid
.neys. $4 50; BlaeVey^s. $2 60^2 75 per ctl;
I Horse- Beans, *f 85Q2 40.
SEKDS— Brown Mustard. $1 75@5; Yellow
i Mustard. $1 25; Flax. $2@2 75; Canary. 0%
: 67c; Alfalfa, lSViftieUo; Rape. l^S^c;
Timothy. 5?ic: Hemp. 3t4f3«{c per Ib: Millet.
2V4@3iAc; Broom Corn Seed. $20^21 per ton..
DRIED PEAS — Nlles, $1 75@2 50; Green
Peaa. $1 75S2 50 pe r ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables. - -
Previous conditions prevailed In the market
for river Potatoes and stocks were *teadily
accumulating. Salinas Burbanks ruled firm
Rt ri'vtous prices under a good demand for
Iccnl consumption. A fresh car of Sweet Po
tatoes came in and was readily marketed at
¦ &Jc per c-ntal,' Onions wer« firm at full
; fcnere*. ofMrirgs being limited and the de
; mind brisk. ¦
' (jretn Teas and all kinds of Beans were In
¦. limited supply and firm at good prices. Fresh
arrivals of Egg Plant were light, and as old
! «tock was cleaned up prlcpa advanced sharply.
Tomatoes were firm for Rood stock, with occa
sional aaloa reported at $1 per bcx. while poor
j lotg continued to drag. The other vegetables
were generally In good supply and weak.
POTATOES — Burbanks frcm the river. 40j?
C3c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 10® 1 3.% per
1 ctl; River Reds. G0£70c per ctl; Sweet Pota
, to*>s, 65c per ctl.
! ONIONS— Jl 75®2 per ctl.
! VEGETABLES— Green F>a« 5«6c per 5b;
1 String Beans, 304c -per lh; Wax Beans, ,4g'.')G
I per 1b; Lima Beans, 4 / 53c per Ib: Tomatoes,
:' 40<S85c per box; Summer Squash/ $lifii 25 per
I box; Cabbage. COc per ctl; Carrots, 73c p*r
sack; Cucumbers, 2511500 per box; Garlic. 4%
; ®5c per ib; Egg Plant, 51<?1 25 per box; Dried
• Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers, 25540c per
'¦ box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash $10®
j 1Z pe r . ton for round lots.
j Poultry and Gnmc.
' All kinds of Poultry were in pood request,
i and as receipts were light the niarket hail «.
firm tone and was practically bare at the
I c!o3e. Receipts of drcs?»d Turkeys were the
: heaviest thus far this season, being over 50
! cat>es. and the best offerings cleaned up
I quickly at Rood prices. Game arrived freely
1 and met r.-ith a rather sluggish demand at
about previous prices.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 2.Tf?2fle for
I No. 1 and 20@22c per Ib for No. 2; Live Tur
keys. 17020c for old and 2ik?T22c per Ib ior
• young; Geese, per pnir. 51 7."ff2; Goslings, $2ft
I 2 2."V: Duckr. $5g5 60 r*r dozen for old and
$5<f?7 for young; Hens. $t 5u^?5 for small ard
?3 SOgO fur largo; your.ir Koosters, jr. ttiyfi
« oO: old Roosters, $4'5'4 50; Fryers $1 501?5i
F.rollers $3@4; Pigeons. ,?1@1 25; Squabs, ?^rgi
2 no.
GAME— Mallard Duckf, $3ifjG por dozeto;
Canvasback, $3®«: Tral. $2-52 00; Sprig, $2 .V)
@3; Widgeon. *1 75Q2; Red Heads, $23tt;
! Email Ducks $1 75: . Gray Gceee, . $2'S3;
1 White , Geese. $ligi 75: Brant, Jl 23®2 50;
! Honkers. S3$5: Snipe, *3 fqr English and *1 .V>
I for common; Doves, ?1 25; Hare, $1 eo^l 75;
Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and EgRS.
The continued decline in Butter has thus
far failed to stimulate the | demand and the
market is as dull and demoralized; as it was
when much higher. The ruling price for fine
creamery yesterday was 20c and some very
good brands were closed out at 18@19c.
Stocks continue large and unwieldy and In
clude more or less creamery that has been on
the market for several weeks. Of course this
Butter hsrs to be sold for what It will bring.
¦ A fraction ha* been lopped oft! the top prlcj
for Cheese, which Is weakening under the in
creasing receipts.
Eggs declined a cent again yesterday and
were, Quiet and weak at the decline. Most
houses quoted 45c as the top.
Receipts* wfre 20.000 lbs Butter. 492 cases
Eggs and WOO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at firm hands. 20@21c
for extras and ISSlOe for lower to medium
gradai;: dairy, 17«?19c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter, 10@14e; Eastern cubes, nominal:
Eastern ladle-packed. 15«iec.
CHEESE^ — 12c, for choice mild new and
lOfflllc for old: cold Btorage, lOViiSllc; Young
Americas. 12#lCc: Eastern. lC©I5c per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch, -45©48c ' for good to chclce
and 87VL0421&C for common: cold storage 25@
30c: Eastern. 25@2Sc , for choice. 22®24o for
standards and l'JQ2lc fur seconds.
Deciduous nnd Citrus Fruits.
Local trade In fresh fruits was quite active
and * good inquiry was noted for some de
scriptions for uhtpment on the Puget Sound
steamer. Navel Oranges were In increased
supply and> sold at a wider range of prices.
A straight carload came In from San Ber
nardino County, the. first of the season frjm
' that quarter, . and a car of the well-known
8unflower brand is expected from Redlanda on
I Friday Trade In Apples was brisk, but the
[market was still weak, and. while there was
¦ no actual decline in prices, large buyers weio
I able to shade the quotations on extra and or
' dinary fancy stock. Five carloads of assorted
! stock arrived , from Oregon and Washington,
I but they had . not been hauled to the store*
I up to a late hour. Crated Orapes were wanted
' for shipment to Puget Sound ports and choice
offerings cleaned up readily at &0c@$M0 per
crate. Large open boxes arrived rreely and
1 sales above $1 CO per box were rare. Another
car of Eastern Cranberries was received and
was held at $11 per barrel, an advance. Rasp
berries and Strawberries were, higher under
greatly decreased T-eceipts.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, *1<>®12 ner
chest; Mallndas and Brandywlnes. $3 5066;
Cheneys, $e@7. - - i
RASPBERRIES— $«<&S per. chest. : 1
1 HUCKLEBERRIES— 8#Sc- per Ib. j
CRANBERRIES — $10^11 per bbl for East- I
ern and 1:92 75 -per. box. for; Coos Bay.- •
AITLKd— 51 -5 per box for extru • lancr, 85o
CHICAGO, Nov. 1C— Before the opening in
the wheat pit to-day traders were greeted with
an official statement of the world's shipments
and of the visible supply. Both totals being:
alscoura&ins to the bulls, sentiment at first
was rather bearish. Another factor contribut
ing to the easier tone was a decline In all for
eign grain markets. Liverpool was down ov«r
half a cent. Initial quotations on December were
He lower to Vie higher at $1 10^(31 ll'A.
May was *Jc lower to Vic higher at $1 ll'H®
I 11%. For a time there was general selling
and prices slumped, txjeember to ?1 10% and
May to 81 10"i. Shorts took advantage of the
break and in covering sales caused an upward
movement In prices. As the session advanced
the buying became more general and resulted
in a strong undertone. The improved demand
wn* attributed mainly to a revival in cash
business at all important grain centers. A
message from Minneapolis stated that the de
mand for cash wheat there was the best ex
perienced thus far on the crop. • One explana
tion of the sudden development of the demand
fcr cash wheat In the Northwest was the prs
rfumiJtlcn that millers had either made some
large sales of flour or that they had com« Into
the market for future supplies because of the
dip in prices. In this connection a message
from the Pacific Cosst stating that It was
hinted there that Japan will be forced to buy
immenw stocks of American flour within a
f"w weeks was considered significant. During
the last r>art of the Bession • prices steadily
advanced until December touched $1 12>4 and
May $1 12%. The close was almost at the
highest point of the day, final quotations on
December being l%@Uic higher at $1 11%@
1 12. May closed lHc up at |1 12%.
Strength of wheat was.. the main factor In
the corn market. December closed 1U<5 up at
5Ui651%c. • '
Oats were firm. December closed Uc up at
2$!*c.
Buying by packers and covering by shorts
caused a strong provision market. The close
showed January pork up 12H@15c; ' lard was
up 2»-ic and ribs 537 &c higher.
The leading futures rangea as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 1 11U 1 12^4 1 10*4 1 12%
May 111% 1 T2% 110% 1 12*,
July 97«4 US% 07 07^
Corn No. 2 — •«* s v * '
December 50 51 40% 51%
May 4im 46 T 6 45?, 4fi%
July 43!i, 46Vi 45 T 8 *8>6
Oats No. 2 —
November 29T4
December 2S»4 23 2S% 2«?i
May 31*, 31ii 3m am
July 31 a* 31»i 31% 31%
Mees Pork, per bbl —
January 12 57«,j 12 70 12 55 12 70
May 12 37}, 12.73 12 57& 12 75
Lard, per 100 lbs—' 1
January 7 02^ 7 07^ 7 02^ 7 0714
May 7 17V> 7 22^, 7 17«i 7 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January ... 6 50 6 57>4 6 47>£ 6 57Vi
May ..." 6 CO <$ 70 C 60 6 70
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
New York stock market still unset
tled.
Continued activity on the local Stock
Exchange*.
Xew York Exchange continues to de
cline.
Local grain markets ehoxr little vari
ation.
Iiay, Beans and pecidstuffs about as
before Quoted.
Potatoes weak and still accumulating.
Onions active and firm.
Poultry cleaning up well, but Game
rather slow.
Fresh Fruits In active demand for
northern shipment.
Apples continue to arrive in large
quantities.
Butter still in excessive supply and
dra££ln£.
Effgs and Cheese slightly lower.
Provisions s-till sluggish In all posi
tions.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Wine Export Trade.
Th« exsortJ of *rta« from Ean Francisco by
sea. In October, 1904, w«r» as follows:
To— Gallons. Cases. Values.
New York &0S.8S4 ... $1&4,8»4
Hawaiian Isiasda ... 73.4M 170 83.023
T^ahlU 4,311 ... 1.33S
Chist. 6.841 -.1 ».8=>
Japan 4.778 ... 1,827
British OolumbU ... S. 458 20 1.472
Uaxlco »,»5 «2 3.630
Oectra.1 Aaa«rtc* 12.4O3 -234 «,675
Panama 9.202 ... 2,528
Colombia, 4.706 • 4 ', ' 2,07">
Ecuador 3.750 ... 1,025
Peru 470 ... 233
Philippine Islands .. 654 ... 190
East Indies S70 ... 1&3
Elsewhere 807 4 143
Totals .640.274 M5 $231,530
In October, 1903. the exports were 1.123,350
gallons and 4S9 cases, valued at $391,803. la
that month New York took 877.754 RaJlona and
32 cases and 60,000 rallone and l&O caees went
to the Hawaiian Islands. . *
EASTERN MARKETS.
\ew York Mpney Market,
NEW TORK, Nov. 16. — Close: Money ©n
ca:i wsj steady at 2g2Vi per cent; closing bid
ar,d offered. 2 per cent. Tlm« loans were
sightly flnaer; 60 fiaj-s. ZM.63\i P*t cent; 90
a:- and six months £\»t;4 per oeat.
Pr:nie mercantile paper. 4^4% per c»nt.
Eterllcx exchange wu easier, closing firm,
with actual business in bankers* bills at
#4.«670'a4.»M>75 for demand and at *4.6350©
4.64 for £0 day bills.
Poned rates— f4 65«4 S7H-
ComnjerciaJ bills— U S3%&4 S3«i-
Par silver— 58%c.
Mexican dollars — t6%c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds.
irregular.
— — — »
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— Value* of securities
shewed themselves sensitive to-day to the re
newed uneasin<-*» In London over th« report
cf friction in tfc« negotiations between Ruwia
and Great Britain over the North Sea trouble.
Th* uneasiness was accentuated in London
by Cb« r,«?w s of a hontll"! collision on the Af
ghanistan frontier. But the cpecial pensitive
r«^w of the New York stock market to the«e
ra:h»r remote factors was probably due. more
to the fact that the gradual restoration of
telegn r*'e facilities to outside centers failed
to bring in the expected accumulation of buy
tr.g which has been obstructed all week. There
was «om« vigorous opposition to the reaction
«t the opening, but the supporting tactics be
.aTrie lar.suid wh»n the llghtneiw of the ln
ircafed bu>-lng crders was perceived. A fairly
e*nrral reaction followed. The later Improve
ment in Lcndon sentiment and the termination
of the clay'* business for account of that cap
ital «per.«d the way for recoveri-s in the later
market, and there were a number of aggres
sively >tr"nc» features «1ev*:oj,ed to help on
thr- rally. t^-Md^s the violent movements la ob
ecur* rw^ialtie* which oomlnued in evidence,
with a rather <it:fcicu» effect In rpeculatire een
t'.zr.cct rf a wfccle. Th* action of rtockE which
wtre %i\* subjects qf. gjod new* ajanounce.
iwtits was ei^eciaily difiarpoir.ting in the
«-arly reacilcn. The aovance in tte price of '¦
*t<~?l billow ef $1 5" P^r ton Increased the
•-^".iinjr t-rewiure on Unitfd States Hteel and
•om* of the other ptf-el uida*trl*«, with re
& ccw rule for observance by rr^f^ssional trad
ers In Well erreet to r.e'.l on good news. But
the recent absorptive pewer of the market has
taught the dealers to expect the eccomplish
(r.ent of such selling without making much
•nrre^slon to rrice*. The cancellation of ov*r
a million dollars of th* intended gold ship
ment to Prait was announced, although mitt
of this was re-^ngsjred later In the day. The
foreign trades natement for October shewed
a ce^lire of over JS.</!0.0iO In the balance
In our furor tympana 1 wttb last October. But
an Inr'^ase is t^tal vali;* cf experts cf over
fi.OOt.OfH). with the value of domestic ex
ports Rlone low*r by nearly $10,000,000 than
test October indl'-at^ a f o»-th at exports of
manufacture* of about ?12.OOI1.O<X>. in which
the extraordinary Tnovtvn^nt. of copper pre
*um»Hy r.gTjre5. The feature cf streegth in
the market wan Amalgamated Corr«»r. the lo
cal tractions and the *ub*idiary Pennsylvania
stocks. They failed to sustain prices at the
late recovery, and the market closed easy,
with eome stocks at the lowest of the day.
Rock leland bonds were active and strong,
but some cf the other active speculative is
sue* w«>re well maintained. - Total sales,
11.605, 000.
United States bcr.is were unchanged en call.
New York StocUfi.
Stocks Salp*. High. Low. Clo.e*
Atchl»',n 2,200 WH (sJ»« S5 T »
AtefalSOD pfd 1.100 102V» 102^ 1C2V4
Baitlmor* & Ohio.. 11.400 144 &6v, »7
Bait * Ohio rf<5 »4H
Canadian PaciSc... 11.800 133?; 132H 133
On of New Jersey lfll
<"hf-sar<ake & Ohio 29,100 50 4? 4»*
O.Jcago i: Alton... , 700 44^ 43^ 44
Chi & Alton pfd S2
Ohi Grtat TA'CTtern. 20.8'O 25>4 24% 24 T i
Chicago & N W... #00 i-OMi 2(« 200
<hi. Mil £ Pt Paul 1.1.-W 174T, J72% 17^%
<". M 4 ft P pfd.. Va 18-1 1M 1S2
C, C. C & St Liui«. 4tV> 69 8SH S fc V«
Chi Term & Trans. 1.P00 12^ 12 12
Chi T A T vfi 3.500 24!% 23VJ 24V;
Colorado Southern. l,4r/) 24 H 23% 23^.
CoJo fio-ith i*t rfd. 4<*i eo vt% sau
ra'.o Pouth 2<1 pffl. l.*C0 37^ 37 S7 '
Ix-la»are i- Eludsoo 2,»O0 1SS 1S6H 1R<5U
Del. Lark A \Ve*t 815
IVavcr & Rio G . '. Z2
Un & Rio G pfd.. 200 J»6% 8*1 «
EH* 4.\ftX> 39»i Zh\ SJ»»i
T.t\- l«t ptd 2.800 73\» 72% 724
Eri« M r'd 7,000 54'% M4 64 V4
HM-king Valley 1.400 K5 M»i S3
XIorkir« Valley pfd »*) 91 <4 ftOS t»OW
Illlnr Is Central 2.600 15C4' 1*9% 149%
Iowa Central 2t)O 3504 148*i 140%
lemra. > ¦ -r.-.ra: 1 ':.. 800 U^ 50% Ml,
K C Southern 1.100 31 ai 30
K C Euuthern pfd.. »00 S3 M% M
Ix-vif ft Nash 17,700 141 *J 135»^, I3»H
Manhattan L 8,2O0"'l«7^i lK»i;. 16714
MetmpoMtan Fe<>s.. 4.W> 83 U 6\% fHK
«»tropc;itan £t Ry 22,000 123 1234 124%
Minn & St Louis.. C3U
«, Si P t f f M.. 200 01 U81 61
M. FtP & P^ M pfd ..*. US .
MliW'iuri Pac'.nr- 18.000 lOS^ 107«i 107%'
Mo, Kan 4 T#xas.. 4.sftO 354 344 34S
M. K & T ofd...- 2.»0<» -644 C34 €3%
Ntl II R Mex pfl - 500 434 43U «2«i
N>" York CestraL 2.^*0 IM% 133 H H5fi
Norfolk * Westera Sl.OuO 7C% 744 T5
ffor A- V.'rfft pfii.. • - .;..^"' 90 •
Ontario & Western 2.WK) 42*4 42 4 42«»
P«insy!vanla 37.«i0U 1:JC'» ia«U 13flU
P. C. C 6t Et L->uis T5
P.ratf!r.g 33.2^0 7i% 74»i 74%
neadir.f m i-fd... 500 NSVi S7% SS
neaclr.g 2d pfd.... :UO SO 80 80
Rack lelaatf Co U.VM 37»i SOU 36%
R^ck l«J*nd Co j)fd 4.4<"'rt K 80'4 SO
FtL * FF 24 fto.. Cm (*4 fJi' «7>,4
Pt Louis S "A 1.000 25}; 23 25
Ft Lwl* £¦ IV pfd.. 2.000 SSaJ 3- 6'K
H.-niihem Purlftc . .101,40m €7y t W£ ««t^
Southern IU!!way. S6.100 3*1^4 S5U
Bo»rht-r:i )tv pfd... Wft 1»5H B5U ©ju
'rtxsi. fc P*riae... 6.5C) 37% 87 37
T.StI«ftW em %\% 81 81H
T. St L «.- W tfJ.. 3.f>00 62 43« 61
fnlon Paciftc 97.M0 11494 112U 113^1
V.TAon PaciHc pfd.. 2«>O »4»i M«[ ojs*
V.ha.h 2.70O 24»{ 24 24li
Wcbash pfd 7.3<X> 46^i 45*i 4Cii
IVherllr.g L«ki» E.. 800 JJ«J 21^ 2 \{*
Wjkccnyla Central. 2,7<K> 244 2311 gsej
Vk'ieccnMn Cen pfd »C0 47U 471/ 471/
Express Cotapanie*— " '* 1<H
Adams ••.••.••••• .... ••«• . "'40
American .... ..... .""' Jvij
TJnitca States 700 128 122" T«2
Y.-«lls-Fargo Jtl
Mieecllaneons— . "" "**"
Amat Copper 1SS.300 78« 7554 701/
Am Car & Foundry 2,600 ilR 31 i?J?
Ata Car * F pld... • S00 8S?J ' 8S KJU,
Am Cotton Oil ... 5,«K) 25% 84 « 3«2
Am Cot Oil pM .... *7* S H
American Ice .... 4C0 ft; gu <
American Ic* pfd.. 100 3«4 SOU 3«t/
Ara Linsw! Oil .. 3.00ft 20^4 19T; jov
Ara Un Oil prd ... 200 424 4»2 i?2
Am Locomotjv* ... 3,200 80% SO 30C
Am Loco pfd .... f>GO 604 99 f»u
AM Emdt * Tlef.. 19,600 79% 78*4 7a**
Am 8 A Ref pfd... 400 114H 114 m
Ara Sugar Ref .. 2S.S00 Hs^ 146% 147^
Anaconda Mia Co.. 1,600 11»4 118 1184
Brooklyn Rap T... 23.600 70 «8Ti csjj? i
Colorado F & Iron. 1&500 «7 45$J *0U
SCMSIARY OF THE MARKETS.
ket. Locally no further change waa reported,
the tone being firm at $5 45@5 55.
£ Iron closed at 51s Cd in Glasgow and at 4Cs
od In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was firm."
I Consol Gas 19,400 219 217 21774
! Corn Products ...12,200 25% 24 H 24%
Corn Prod pfd ... 800 81 79^ 79
Distill Securities . 2,800 37H 30% 37
General Electric ... 1.600 180% 180 170^
Inter Paper 2,200 21»£ 20U 20 v«
Inter Paper pfd .. 1,100 79 78 78 tt
Inter Pump 1.200 41 4J. 40
Inter Pump pfd S* 1 *
National Lead 800 25 24*4 24 » 4
North American .. 17.100 1C7 102 105
Pacific Mall 1,000 49 4C>4 *"%
Peopled Gas 15.000 100^ 108Vi 10S*4
Pre*»ed Steel Car.. 2,400 35*4 34ft 34}*
Pressed 8 Car pfd. 300 8i 84 . J?
Pullman Pal Car .. 226
Republic Steel ... 3,800 16"» 16»4- N^i
Republic Steel pfd. 2,400 65 64 <54}»
Rubber Gooes .... 1.6C0 23»£ 24 24
Rubber Goods pfd. & ,.
Tena Coal & Iron.. «,700 75Vi . 73% 73%
U S Leather 33.400 14% 14 1*H
U S Leather pfd .. 2,700 P3 »4ty 94*i
U 8 Realty 1,100 82V4 78<fe . 82
V 8 Rubber 3,200 31 Vi 30% 31 V*
XT s Rubber pfd .. 600 S3V» 85 S5i*
U 8 Steel 87.700 27«i 27 27V4,
V 8 8teel pfd ... 86.000 8"S S7 V*
¦Westlnghse Eleotro 1.C00 175^ 173 174
Western Union ... 600 02& 02 02
Total MlM ..1.415,500
Xew York Bonds.
U S ret 2s r«g..lO4H!L & H unified 4iJ03^,
I>o coupoa 104 Hi Man con gold 4s. 105*4,
Do 8s reg 104H!Mex Central 4s... 73y«,
• Do coupon. 104h Do 1st Inc 23
Do new 4s reg.lSOHiMlnn A St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon 130H!M. K A Texas 4S.102W
Do old 4s reg.lWi*! Da 2ds &«*»
Do coupoa lOBViiNR ot Mex con 4s 80}'*
Atch gen 4s 102V N T C gen 3%a..lOOVi
Do adj 4s 93fc|N J C gen 6s 135;v
Atlantic C L 4s. 90 INor Pacific 4s 1043s
Bait A Ohio 4s..lUJHi Do 3s 75
Do 3Hs &8 1Ncr & W con 4S.10H4
Central of Ga 6s.lll9iiOSL 4s A partic.101%
Do 1st Inc fiOmPa conv 2%s... .103y*
Ches &. Ohio 44*.1O8 Reading gen 4e...lO2\;
Chi & Alton 3Hs. 81 S L & I M con 5s.ll5%
C. B A Q new 4S.101H S L A S F fg 4s. 89*i
C.M A EP gn 4s. 110"^ !st Louis SW lsts. Si7U
C * NW con 7s. 12S "4 'Seaboard A L 4s. 85
C. R 1 & Pac 4s. S2Vi!Bo Pacific 4s 96
t>o col 5« »l*i!So Railway 5s HS?i
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l03 (Tex & Pac lsts.. 121
Chi Term 4j S3H!ToL SI L & W 4*. S2
Cobs Tobacco 4s. M>U|Union Pacific 4s.lC6U
C61 0 & So 4s 89 "| Do conv 4« 113U
C F & I con 5». 81HIU S Steel 2d 5s.. KSH
1 Den & Rio G 4s.l01HiWaba«h lsts 117»i
Erie prior lien 4S.101V Do deb B 68%
Do ren 4s 91Tj!W & L Erie 4s. 92*i
F W & D C lsts. Ill |\Vls Central 4s... »2&
Hock V«l 44s... ill I
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 23'Little> Cblef W
AUc« eofOntario S 50
Br^ec* 12 Ophlr 2 C5
Bruns Con 11: Phoenix 14
Com Tunnel .... 06|Potosl * 08
Con Cal & Va... 1 60!Savag« 20
Horn Silver 1 €0! Sierra Nevada 21
Iron Silver 2 101 Small Hopes...... 25
LeadvWe Con 02'Standard 190
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — |u S Steel 27^4
Call loans Z'-i&Z Do pfd 87
Time loans 4 ©5. West inn; Common. 8ti
Bonds— I Mining—
Atchison 4s 102 | Adventure 7}i
Do adj 4s 93 lAllouex 20^
Mex Central 4s... 81 j Amal* Cor-~- .... 78^
Railroads — lAmer Zinc 13H
Atchison S5ft!Atlantic «...20?i
Do pfd l«2^!Binghajn •- . . 3«Vs
Boston & AIbany.252\4! Calumet &¦ Hecla.700
Boston Elev 154 ICentennial '-il%
Fltchburg pfd 140 (Copper Range ... ~l%
Mex Central 20%: Daly West 14\
N Y. N H & H..196 IDom Coal 63
Per« Marquette... 75 | Franklin 14»i
Union Pacific 113%|Graney • 3>4
Miscellaneous — (Isle Royale 3\%
Amfr Argje Chcm. 19 JMass Mining ¥ 7f,i
Do pM 81 IMIchUan •; .* lotj
Amer Pneu Tube. 5\ilMohawk UH
Amer Sugar 1 47 H I Mont Coal& CoWe '4^
Do pfd ir»ii'O!d Dominion ... 21%
Amer Tel & Tel. 141 |O»ceola 06
Amer Woolen ... 20»i!Parrot 32^
Do pfd «>'VQulncy 120
Don Iron tt S IS M ! Shannon , 7 3 t
Kd E3»et lllum..241 I Tamarack ..." 139
Gen Electric 1R0 iTrlnlty lfivj
Mass Electric... 16»» 1 U S Mining 24^
Do rfd r»*i ir s on n
Mm* Gas 41 !»' Utah 4B
United Fruit in.'» (Victoria •¦ <? .
Un Shoe Mach... S4 "Winona 12\i
Do pfd 31i4!^'oH-eHn« lf>0
London Closing Stocks. ( " • ¦
Cons money... 8S S-l«iN Y Central- .:.."- -"'•
Do aoct sSVij i- Western... 8654
Anaconda. CUrifo pfd ...'....' -Ui-.*
Atehison ...r..,. SS^iOlH & We* tern .\\ ~fi\i"
Do pf<j 105ViiP«rnn«-!vania .... 70'^
Bait A Ohio BO^'lland Mines ..... lift
Can Pacific 13S - Uteadinr ...'. .7... 3SS
Ches & Ohio 40\i\ Do in p/d-. ..... 44H
Chi Great West.. 25 | Do 2d pfd 405i
CM. Mil & St P. 177*i So nail way ."?«•*
D« B«rr* m,' Do rfd US
Dfn & Rio G ."4v,iSo Paciflc 69VJ
P" pfd S^Hi Union Pacific. ...117
Erie -iO«*t,| Do ptd 9S
Do li"t pfd 84VU 8 Steel 2SH
Do 2<i pfd S6 I Do pfd 83 H
III Central ......1M lw«ha*h 25'i
!-<ij(f & Na»h .U4S Do pfd ; . 47*i
M. K & Texas... ."5=V; ' Fpanlsh 4a 57U
Bar silver — Quiet, 2(5 13- led per ounce.
Money— 1^<§2 p»T cent.
The rat* of discount in the or*n market for
chert bills is 3 per cent ar.d tor three
months' bills it 3 per cent.
• ~~ "
Xe\v York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Nov. ld.-FLOl'K- Receipts
ZQ.fW!: exports, &7<«>. Market dull and lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1B.5CC; i;>ot firni; No.
2 red. *1 22^i f. o. b. t aS-^at; No. 1 North
em DuSuth. $1 27 Vs. f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, $1 OS, f. o. b., afloat.
Options wore <;u:et at the opening, but
gradually advanced, closing 1 strong. HSlttc
higher. May closed $1 14'*: July closed
$1 0S§4: iv-cernber closed |1 19U
HOPS—Quiet. ¦
HIDES— Qntet.
PETROLEUM— Qui«t.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot quiet; Rio No. 7 invoice.
7 7-16c; mild, quiet: Cordova. 10^13c.
TTj« niarket for Coffee future* clct*d dull,
unchanired to 5 poln^» lower. Sales, 10.0GO
batrn. including: r>ectrnb«r, «.9537c: January,
7.C5c; March. 7.25c; May, 7.45c; July, 7.60c;
Sej-tember. 7.75c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong: fair refining 4i,c;
centrifugal 5M> tfst, 4%c; molasseB 'sugar,
3T*c. Refined, strong.
BUTTSR— rnrhtJiged.
EGGS— V n<-hanged. • . .- •
CHKKSK— Fmall. September, llljc; large,
t^ej len.Ler, Ilf4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con.
tir.upj weaX, owing to free offerings. Common,
a *4 <Sit 4c : choice, 563^0; fancy. e'a6V»c. •
PRUNES — It Is currently reported that re
cent arrivals o? dried Prunes are. meeting With ;
criticism on account of too much moisture,
and owing to the presence of %hls fruit the j
tone of the market freem* rather uncertain. I
although there la a fair demand from New !
England points. Quotations are 4c to 6c, ac
cordinr to grade. •
Al'hICOTS— Rule steady to flrra. with a
llfiht demand. Choice. 8V4SlOc; extra choice,
10Uer»c: fancy. 11614c.
PEACHES^rAre quiet, but well held, with
choice <juote4 at 5»®0Vic; extra choice, 0fe&
10c; fancy, lOttffllc: ¦ .,V.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov! 16.— To-day's state
ment cf the Treasury- fhdws:. A valjable cash
balance. »143,t57,20K; gold.. *<45.2e2.aO0. .,.„. ; j.
Xcw York Cotto'n _, T nrket.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. — Cotton fntures
opened steady; November, 0.73c; December.
tt.&lc; Januarj'. 9-91c; Februarj'. 9.03c; March,
lo.03c; April. 10.08c bid; May, 10.10c; June
offmd, 10.10c; July, lo.lOc; August - offered.
10.06c . s. . . . ...
Futures closed steady:. November, O.C9c; De
cember. -0.770; January, O.hSc: February. 9.02c:
March. 0.97c: April. 10.01c; May. 10.10c; June.
10. 10c: July. 10.14c
Spot cloeed dull. 10. points decline. Middling 1
upland*. 10.15c; middling gulf, io.4Oc; sales,
H bales.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW TORK Nov. 16. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday. November 12, as compiled
by the N«-w York Produce Exchange, was:
Wheat. 31.302,000 bushels, increase 2,040.000
bushel*: corn, 2,235,000 bushels, decrease 112,
000 busheis: oats, 24, V61.0M) bushels, Increase
198 000 bushels; rye. ' 1,775,000 'bushels.' in
crease 218,000 bushels; barley, 5,372.000 bush
els, dscrecsa 417.000 bushels. ¦ . • •
Special teicsraphle and cable, communica
tions received by Bradstreet's show the follow
ing changes In available supplies as comi>ared
with last account: ¦<--...
Wheat — Uclted States and ' Canada,' east * of
the Hock!**, increase 4,215,000 bushels; afloat
for &r.d in Europe, increaw 2,200, 0<W bu»hel$;
total supply increased, C,5]S,0cc bushels."
Corn — United States and Canada, eaat of
th« Rockies, decrease 54.000 bushels.
Oats — Uclted States and Canada, east of
the Rockies. decres»« 458,000 bushels.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Nov. ,1U.— The London copper
market *u flow, closing at.£65'lG* for epot
and at £C6 &s for futures. Locally the market
was less active, but held firm. Lake .Is quoted
at $14 CO«14 S7H. electrolytic at $14 D0©14 75
and castina- at $14 25014 62>4. . .
The Tendon tin market was also a . little
lower, with spot quoted at £132 Ss and futures
st £131 15s. The New York market is hold
ing steady at from $28 S7H to $29 25.
Lead wa unct'anred locally, with prices
ranging all the way from $4 IX) to $4 70. In
London U>* market was a shade lower, clos- ¦
Ins ct £13. ' - -
Spelter advanced to- £25 In 1 the 'London mar. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1904.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. lft— 2 p. m.
. -UNITED STATES BONDS.
! ¦ Bid. A*k.| < 1 Bid. Ark.
4s qr coup.-lOO'/ilor^Ms qr cp new.l.->0tfl31
«ls qr reg...X(WiV4tO': ! H l 3!' or coup...l«H —
¦¦-¦," MISCELLANEOUS B0ND8.
Ala A W &s. — — lOak T Co Cs. — —
Asso CHI 5s; t— 8J.I.DO5I ;. 112% —
Utiy CPC B». — 102 I Do con Os.lOafc — .
Cal C O 5s. — I Oceanic S 6s. 60 CO
CalG&Eg' r |Om Cable 6s,120% — -
m&ct Ps. 84% 84%! Pac G Ira 4b. — 07
Cal-st C 6s.lH« - .IP.B-Ry 5s.. — 106
C C Wat 6». 00 — |P&CH Cs.lOi —
Kdl, & P Cs.125 — |P & O R 6f).113 —
F & C K (is. — — "iPowell-ct t's. — —
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
OCEAX TRAVEL.
e Steamers leaw Broadway
wharves t piers 9 and 11;.
Ean Francisco:
For Ketchlkaa. Wrang*L
Juneau. Treadwells. Halncs.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11
a. in.. Nov. 1. S. 11. 10, 21.
26. Dec. 1. Change to til 4
company* a steamers at Seat-
tle.
For tiitorla. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
E«attle Tacoma. Everett. South BeUlngaam.
Bellinziiam— 11 a. m.. Not. 1. «. 11. la, Jl.
it. Dec 1. Charge at Seattla to this coo-
pany'a steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at
Seattle or Tacoraa. to N. P. Ry. ; at VancouTtr
to C. f. Ey.
For Eureka (Hainboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:3©
d m Nov. «, 12. 19. 24. SO. D«c. «. Corona.
ISO p m.. Nov. 8, 3. 15. 21. 27. Dec S.
For Lns Angeles (via Port Lcs Angeles aaj
Ftedcndo), San Diezo and Santa Darbar*—
Eanta Rosa. Sur.days. 9 a. m.
State of Califcrr.la. Thursdays. 9 a. m. ¦
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Kast
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara, Saata Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoe. Pert Harford (3aa
Lula Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Uonita. 9 a. to.. Nov. 7. 15. 23, Dec 1.
Coos Bay. » a,m.. Ncv. 3. 11. 19, 27. Dec. 5.
Fcr Ensenaiia. Maedalena Bay. San Jos» del
Csbo. Maxatlan,. Altata. La Paz. Santa R^-
talia. Guaymas «Mex. >. JO a. m.. 7th each mo.
Fcr further Information obtain folder. Riga?
te re*erv«d to change ffarori or aaMIni; data*.
TICKET omCXS 4 New Montgom-
ery «t. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market i:..an,i Broad-
way wharves, rrelffht OCc« 10 Market st.
C. V. DUNANN. General Passenger Ajeat.
10 Market St.. fan Francisco.
Th« Paclflo Transfer Co.. 20 Sntter st.. will
eall far and check bargage from hotels as4
rculdences. Tel#phcn« Exchange 312. •
AMEBICAH JJ3m.
PlTmouth — Cherbo-arar — SontbaTipton.
St7 Paul Nov. 2Pf'Flnrd. Dec.10, 10:W ft
Philadelphia ...Dec. 3N>w York ....Dec 17
•Calling at Dover for London and Parts. ¦
ATI.ANT1C TBAKSFOST XSKS,
Naw Tor% — London Direct.
Mntnka,Nov.2i*..7:.'<Oan-.|Minne.'>ab.'\,Dec.l0.t »n
Mesaba .Dec 3 lOa.n Manltou. Decl7. 10 im
soxnnoB iinx.
Montreal — Uv«rpool — Short sea passage.
Canada DecemSer lOt -
SCO STAS UCZTE.
H*w Tort — Antwerp— liondon — Paris.
Calling at Dover f*r London and Paris.
Kroonland Nov. 2«(Zeeland Dec. IT
Finland Dec 1<V K'oonlatui. . . . .Dec. 24
WHITE STAS Lnri.
Uew Tor> — Onaensrtown — Liverpool.
Palt'.c Nov. 3f» 11 am! Oceanic. Dec. 14, 10 am
Cedric. Dec. 7. 3:30 am Majestic. Dec.21. 10 an
Boston— Queenatown — tlverpool.
Cymric !><*¦ 21. Jan. 25. .
jjXW YOSZ A3TD BOSTON DH^ECT
To the Medlterraaeaa.
Gibraltar icwd!**. O«n<nu Alexandria.
FP.OM NEW YORK.
¦RHPTTVUC ...Dec. 1. Jan. 11. Feb. 2S
CRETIC Der. - 1?. Feb. 4. March 13
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC Dec 10. Jan. 2S. March 11.
CANOP1C .: Jan. 7. Feb. 13
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenarer A rent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
8ceanics.5.co.StSv;s
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov.19. II A.M.
s' S. MARIPOSA. fcr Tahiti. Nov. 25. 11 A.M.
S* S SONOMA, for H<molula, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec 1. 2 P. M.
LLSPBECElSiBEOi Cl. lZt3L,TWBlCaB5O'li:-
itt rifliK CS:; 327 KarS2t SL. Pl2r 7. Pacll: 8t
C0MP1Q5IS SSNSaiI.3 TBAirSATilTT^Jl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAPO3 -^^
Sat'.lr.r every Thursday ir.steaJ of WKlTXft
Eaturdar. at 10 a. m.. trom Pl«r -¥WC* ?
42 North River, foot of Morton St.
First class to "Havre. $7O and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. *45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOP. UNITED STATES AX1>
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building-).
New York' J. F. FUGAZI i Co.. Paclflo Coast
A«nt»75 Montsomerr avenne. Saa Franciaeu.
Tlrk^ta eold br all Railroad Ticket Aeeatsi
Tor TJ. S. Wary Tard soxS Tallajo.
Sira. General Friable. McnUctllo acJ Arrow.
8:43 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 9 p.m.. S:30a.
m. Leave £an Francisco Sundays 9:*3 a.m..
12:30 p.m.. « p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Lean VaJIeJo. T
a.m.. a a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 8 p.m. 8un.
day*. 7 «-m-. » a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 6 p-m. Pier 2.
rt Mlssicn st. ; pbon* Main 1303. U ATCH BROS
LOURD, Auctioneer
Will Sell THIS DAY,
11 A. 1*1.,
THE ALMOST NEW FURNITCRB OT THE
- RESIDENCE. 814 TURK ST.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer.
$> AUCTION £*
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 13_ 10O4. at 11
o'clodc,
At the Livery Stable of ADOLPR DOBR2HN-
SICY. NEWMAN. Cal.
4O HEAD MULES,
Property of P. II. I1OARE.
Weighing from 100O pounds to 125O pounds.
All well broken. To be sold without reserve.
L. O. CATEN. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION**
On MONDAY. Nov. 21. at 11 o* clock.
At INTERNATIONAL HORSE MARKET.
Corner -Twelfth and Harrison sta.
By order of F. L. LAMPSON of CotuM,
I will sell 80 head of WELL EROXEJJ
CHOICE YOUNO HORSES. This consign-
ment is direct from Mr. Lampaon's ranch and
win arrive at the yards ' Saturday morning and
will bear a close inspection for soundness.
This saJs will be conducted as all my saUe*
in the past. There will b« no horsa misrep-
resented, i; they are guaranteed sound they
must be sound. If guaranteed to worlc 1 pro-
pose to show they will work or no sale. I
will also sell ore HANDSOME MATCHED
TEAM of SORREL MARES, suitable for flrst-
class livery or for doctor's use. and one 4-
year-old colt, sired by Boodle, out of a stand-
ard bred mare; would make a grand road
ncrse and Is very fast: weight 1150 pounds.
Also several choice BUSINESS HORSE3.
The above fctock must and will be sold with*
out reserve. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
Sale takes place rain or shine..-¦;'. Red Eyes and Eyelids^ granulated Eye
lids and other. Eye troubles curcd'by Mu
rlne Ey« Remedy. Murlne doesn't smart.*
to ; be introduced f during -the- presenta
tion of. the case ; for .' the defense is
that of a Jessie | O'Donnell-: arid Bessie
Mason/ i employed "." in .the'T Waldorf-
Astoria, where ¦ Miss Dolbeer died.
Catherine Lagrave, a laundress, F.I
years old, was found-dead in her bed
>ctterday morning at 276 Clementina
street. .She had been complaining for
several ' days of pain ! In"; the , region of
the heart and it is likely that her
death ' was due [ to natural - causes. . Her
hi^band was absent from the* city, but
returned last . night. The neighbors
Informed Deputy.- Coroner •• Meehan
that .'the couple « had J 15,00 0 In -bank.
Wcll-to-Do Laundress Dies.
Judge Seawell yesterday issued an
order restraining California Harbor
No. 15, American Association of Mas
ters and Pilots of Steam Vessels, from
interfering with William A. Wescott
in the exerclse'of his duties as a mem
ber of the society. Wescott sued last
December for an. injunction and $10,-,
000 damages. The damages were not
granted. On -November 23 of last
year Wescott was attending a meet'ng
of the society and was impertinent to
Harbor Captain D. S.. Ames. He was
told to "shut ' up" and' at the next
meeting was . denied admission. On
December 4 he was notified that he
had .been suspended- for twelve
months. The harbor answers the suit
with a plea that Wescott's actions
were unbecoming a gentleman and in
violation of order and good moral).
Wescott Defeats Association-
The • second ' largest -sum of money
ever paid at one time for. 'a single
sh ipment of an article ? was i paid ! to
Customs Cashier Perkins yesterday. by
W. Ford Thomas on behalf of the
WeBtern Sugar Refinery. The suni was
$1 92,237 10,. being the duty on a cargo
of sugar ' brought from Java j by : the
German 'steamship' Germanlcus. »¦ Sev
eral years ago, when the duty on sugar
was higher than It is now, Mr. Thomas
broke all records by paying into ttie
Custom-house more than $200,000 duty
on a single shipment of sugar. These
two payments hold the record.
Nearly Two Hundred Thousand Dol
lares Turned . lnu> the Custom-
House for a Single Cargo. •
THOMAS PAYS A FORTUNES Z&jg
rx^FOR DUTY OX SUGAR
Judge Sloss yesterday heard the ap
plications of P. Marslcano for ,writs
of prohibition and mandate " agalhst
the Police Court and took the matters
under submission. - The petitioner,
representing that he had been ar
rested several times as owner of the
house at 1129 Dupont street, used for
Immoral purposes, seeks to prevent
the Police Court from trying the
charges in the order of filing the com
plaints, and to compel it to try the
last of the charges first. His attorney.
George D. Collins, argued that the of
fense was a continuous one and could
not be split up into separate accusa
tions and prosecutions. He said that
his demand upon the Police Judge for
trial of the last case first had been de
nied. Attorneys Kuhl and Hanley,
representing the Police Department,
would nqt concede that the offense
was continuous, and contended that
the petitioner "could find other relief
by pleading prior conviction or . ac
quittal if tried on another case after
the first had been heard.
"Slarslcano Writs Argued.
In the Divorce . Court.
Judge Murasky yesterday granted
a divorce " to Mabel S. v Eddy from
Earle D, Eddy,' al dentist,' on the
ground of desertion. - They : were mar
ried in Nevada on May 6, 1900.' and
nine days later the'husband took his'
departure. Judge Sl«s was satisfied
with Lucy M. Rice's * .proof that
Thomas E. Rice, a soldier, had de
serted . her four years ago arid an In
terlocutory • decree -was granted.
Suits for. divqrce i were filed by. Loretta
E. Garrow asalnst William -^ J. .Gar
row, neglect and cruelty; " "William
Shackleton against ' Emma .Shackel
ton, intemperance; Edward Hummel
against Helen Hummel, cruelty; Isa
bella Marian Crawford -against John
Jay Crawford, neglect".
To Visit San Francisco
Without si?elng the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is.. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and ' is the - beautiful jewelry
store in the world. ..Visitors or purchas
ers aro equally -welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and ¦ Pine. •
Reception Planned for Worthy Cause.
'. Seldom . has a philanthropy gained
such momentum . In bo a short time as
has the Girls'- Home of the Catholic Za
dies* Aid Society T' .On, Friday e ven in«
Mrs. B. Rankin of 977 Post street will
open her : home'.. for a-" reception in
aid of the new project, -the. direct
of .which ; Is* to/ help . furnish the new
Home for Girls: - Mrs." Kankln will be
assisted In receiving ,' by" . a; bevy . of
charming 1 , youngr v women, • to ¦ each -• of
whom the j proposed home directly ap
peals. ' , ':'¦-'
WA8HIVCTOX, Nov. 16.— Oeneral Croxicr.
chief of ordnance. In Yiif annual report r»rom
m^n<l« th^ expansion of machine ahops at Ma
nila for ihe I'Urjxwe of repairing heavy parts
«f ordnance used ia the lslande.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 16. — The fu
neral of the -late Judge Thomas Rut
ledge took place to-day from St. Rose's
Church. The Rev. Father Cassin of
ficiated.
Funeral of Late Judce Rutledsre.
Fell hats. :S04. Just arrived, nobblt*
*Y,tn ever. Ton D!l)o^ .<.- Co.. opp.Palxc*. •
At a meeting of the board of man
agers of the California Societv of the
Sons of the American Revolution last
evening the following were elected
members: W. W. Sanderson, Super
visor; Fred W. Williams, secretary
California Glove Company; -Charles
H. Klinn, adjuster United .States .du
ties. V.--.V
Society Adds New Members.
Charles Buckel and O.F.. Simpson
were appointed draughtsmen in the
City Architect's office.
J. L. Flood was granted a" permit to
construct an area under the side
walk on the Ellis-street front of the
property of the Flood estate at Ellis,
Stockton and Market streets.
The board ordered the closing of
Beach street from Lagriina street and
westerly to the pueblo lands.
The board approved the plans for
an isolation hospital on Thirty-sev
enth avenue South, and asked the Su
pervisors lor authority to erect the
building.
Miss E. Hawkins was assigned to
duty as stenographer inthemain of
fice at. $100 per month. ¦' ¦'¦
The Board of Works yesterday
adopted a resolution approving the
bills of F. Mi Yorke & Co. for repair
ing bituminous pavements during Au
gust and September, aggregating
S5870 70 and $3727. The resolutions
were adopted to show that the work
was performed to the satisfaction of
the board despite the rejection of the
August demand by the- Supervisors.
The company proposes to sue the last
named to compel payment of the de
mands.
Takes Contrary Action to That of
Supervisors on Repairs to Bitu
minous Pavements!
The committee explained \o the at
torney of Gray Bros, that "their bills,
for rental of street sweepers had been
rejected because the rate- of Jl 2 per
day was considered exorbitant
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday considered a resolution ask
ing "the City Attorney to advise if the
franchise granted to the Central Rail
way Company in 1879 has been for
feated by reason of the "non-user" of
the road on East street from Market
to Jackson, to Sansome, the curve at
Kearny and Post streets. Geary from
Stockton to Taylor, Post from Fill
more to Lone Mountain Cemetery,
Baker from Turk .to Fell, .thence to
Stanynn. Market from Turk to Grant
avenue, thence to Post street, Market
from Bush to the city front. Pine from
Sansome to Market, Washington from
Sansome to East, Powell from Geary
to Market. Also as to whether the
United Railroads has forfeited its
franchises on Twelfth street. West
Mission, Eddy from Powell to and
across Market, none of these having
been used; on Point Lobos avenue
from First avenue to the city ceme
tery, and has it any. right to main
tain the curves at Eighth
avenue and Fulton street and
Presidio avenue . and Call
ifornia street The 7 resolution was
submitted by E. P. E. Troy and the
committee decided to ask the United
Railroads if it claimed any of the
franchises enumerated before submit
ting the matter to the City Attorney.
The committee, took under advise
ment an ordinance requiring street
cars to be disinfected daily and
cleaned every forty-eight • hours, to
give, the corporation a chance to be
heard on the matter. •
The committee recommended the
ordinance prohibiting the draining' of
oil from automobiles on the public
streets.
United Railroads Called on to Explain
Alleged Forfeiture of Privileges
by "Non-User."
"When you vaut tood prirtinK s*e Edward
Kacnlts Co., t* Second Bt.. near Market. •
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
APPROVES YORKE'S BILLS
'Dr. •' D. C- Lustig,' a ."local; practi
tioner, grave . the came - opinion.
Neither of y the 'doctors was cross-ex-'
amined. -.,•',', c- . :;
-When the; testimony of : the; doctqrs
had been ended Hiram Johnson -an
nounced ;. ., that *•; : the , contestant ; was
ready to* close.; with i" ; the" exception
of .two ,' depositions .that -are ; oh -the
way. froth' New -York.' The -testimony
Dr.' F. W.- Hatch, general superin
tendent of the State' v hospitals for the
insane, .who"-: had >_ come 'down 'from
Sacramento - to give, his testimony^
answered, after- hearing the hypothet
ical question read.' ."I; think she was
of unsound mmd in- April, when she
executed her will, . and in July, when
she died." ' " '-> .» • . ' •
. Proponents; did not cross-examine.
They contented' themselves with ob
jections to the .hypothetical .questions
put j by ¦ contestant: .,-i What was "set
forth, in it Is 'evidently at, .variance
with the* facts . as \ the - proponents : for
the will expect, to"; prove them: * .
- Attorney -Johnson read a long hy
pothetical statement, wherein'' was' re
lated the contestant's version : of
toward events and 'conditions' of Ber
tha M. Dolbeer's life history that were
calculated to. produce .« an unsound
mind. With this statement , before
him Dr. - Robertson" expressed the
opinion ;that she was insane when she
made her will- and. when she met her
death. , He was j then led through ¦ a
detailed description of the symptoms
of simple .melancholia, whlch;:would
be- his diagnosis of . a case as -pre
sented. ¦ , ,"¦-'.'
Court opened with the deposition
of Gustav Scholer, Coroner of New
York, which was read. His answer
that it would have been Impossible
for a person to fall out of the win
dow in the Waldorf -Astor Hotel,, as
in contended Miss Dolbeer did. was
ruled out. Nor ..was the -.account of
his interview with Miss Warren when
he arrived on the scene of the fatality
allowed to reach • the ears of the
Jurors. ¦ • . •
Then began the production of ex
pert testimony on insanity." Dr. John
W. Robertson, superintendent of the
I.ivermore . Sanatorium. ' was first
called, and he was examined as to his
'experience with mental and nervous
diseases.
Miss Etta Warren, the chief bene
ficiary under Miss Dolbeer's will, was
not present in court yesterday be
cause of illness. This was her first
absence since the taking of testimony
began. Adolph Schander, the other
chief party in interest, did not appear,
being confined to. his home with
rheumatism. He was represented by
his son and. his daughter.
' The close of proceedings in behalf
of the contestants was marked by an
offer of expert testimony. . Three ex
perienced physicians gave it as their
opinion that. in the hypothetical case
set forth by Attorney Johnson .. the
person was of unsound mind.
At a time when much testimony
was looked for. and about a week ¦ in
advance of general calculations, the
contestant in the Dolbeer will case
yesterday announced the close of his
case. There was surprise in Judge
Coffey's court.- for fThad been thought
that only the ¦ beginning was made in,
the attack on the testament of the
heiress. The proponents were some
what taken back, for they had not ex
pected to begin the introduction of
testimony, this morning. It will pos
sibly take'about four weeks for them
to oresent their case.
MUST ESTABLISH ITS
CLAIMS TO FRANCHISES
THREE PHYSICIANS WHO TESTIFIED YESTERDAY AT THE TRIAL OF THE DOL, BEER WILL CONTEST IN'jfrDGE COT
FEY'S COURT THAT A PERSON WITH SYMPTOMS ALLEGED BY THE CONTESTANT AS HAV1NU BKEN SHOWN UY
MISS BERTHA DOLUEER WAS OF UNSOUND MIND. .-
The defendant's attorneys claimed
they had the right to submit affidavits
attacking the action of the Grand
Jury. Assistant District Attorney Fer
ral argued that if they had such a
right then matter could be introduced
of an extraneous nature which could
not be received by the court. If they
had not the right they could not be
accused of committing perjury. Argu
ment on this point was" continued till
to-morrow.
After argument It was agreed that
the evidence of Judge Sloss.be taken
to enable him to leave. The Judge
testified that on October 13 members
of the Grand Jury came into his court
and he was informed they had a com
munication to make. The roll was
called and only ten answered. Fore
man Ldlienfeld informed .him that
three members were in the Grand Jury
room who had refused to come into
court. At the request of Foreman
LJlienfeld he instructed the Sheriff to
bring the three Jurors into court. The
roll was again called and fourteen an
swered to their names. Thereupon the
foreman presented the indictment and
asked that it be placed on the secret
file.'
In the case of Rebstock, who is
charged with violating the election law
by refusing while an inspector at the
primary election to administer the
oath to a voter whose vote was chal
lenged, Attorneys O'Grady and New
burg filed a motion to set aside the
indictment on numerous grounds.
Among them was the allegation that
the indictment was found without the
concurrence of twelve members of the
Grand ' Jury and the constitutional
ground that prior to the filing of the
indictment the defendant against his
will was compelled to appear before
the Grand Jury and testify as a wit
ness ngalnst himself. An affidavit to
the same effect by the defendant was
also filed. : • • ¦ • •
as decided by the Supreme Court in a
similar case as late as September 30,
and it was not therefore necessary to
proceed in the name of the people.
The accusation, was made and process
followed . under sections 758, 759 and
760 of |he Penal Code.
"If tne process is defective," said
the Judge, "the accusation is defec
tive."
Byington took exception to that
view and the Judge continued the
argument till this morning'.
REBSTOCK FILES MOTION.
The trial was drawn out and the pe
riod of Wescott'a suspension has abou;
expired.
Sailor Swallows Poison.
Harry Randes, a member of the
crew of the schooner Abbie. commit
ted suicide last Tuesday night by swal
lowing th? contents of a one-ounce
vial of carbolic acid taken from the
medicine chest., The master. Captain
J. P. Larsen. who had been ashore,
found him dead In his berth yester
day morning. Randes had been drink
ing to excess for several days. He
was a native of Finland. 45 years old.
M«njr Mothers administer P Lao's Cur»
when their children have Spasmodic Croup. •
OUTHOCSFS IN BAD CONDITION.— School
Directors Eoyle and Altmann yesterday visited
the Burnett School and found ma condition of
the outhouse* to be as bad at these of tho
Sheridan School, where the foundations bad
rotted away to the imminent danrer of the
lives of puptls. Temporary r*a!rs will be
mid* at once.
When Mr. and Mrs. Whittell quietly
returned to San Francisco a few days
ago the young husband called upon
several of his friends for counsel, and
acting upon their advice, opened nego
tiations with his parents for a recon
ciliation. Just how far his effort has
progressed is not generally known, but
there is reason to believe that the
father is preparing to welcome his son
to the family fireside. According to ad
missions made by young Whittell, his
pleas for an allowance have not been
ignored by his father and as evidence
of this the son has exhibited wads of
rape:- money to substantiate his claim
that his parent is not entirely relent
less and will soon issue orders to the
family cook to kill the fatted calf and
fpstoon the California street mansion
•with garlands.
Apparently, however. Baker, shrewd
as he is accredited with being, was de
ceived by George Whittell, for one day
the latter suddenly disappeared from
Paris and the next that Baker learned
of his charge was that he had crossed
the Atlantic and had quietly married
Miss Cunningham in New York city.
Since then BaJter has been in Paris re
covering from a violent attack of
chagTin.
George Whittell, son of the well
kaown capitalist, whose infatuation for
Josie Cunningham, the actress, brought
upon him paternal wrath and who mar
ried the young woman recently in New
Fork city, has returned to San Fran
cisco with his bride and has already be
gun to seek peace with his family. Mr.
and Mrs. Whittell arrived from New
York several days ago and are occupy
ing apartments on Geary street.
Young wnittell's departure from San
Francisco several months ago was at
tended with considerable speculation on
the part of his friends as to whether
he would abandon the pretty woman
who had been directly responsible for
the breach between himself and his
stern father. It was no secret among
his friends that his trip to Europe was
carefully planned by his father with a
view of disabusing his son's mind of
intention of marrying Miss Cunning
ham. To safeguard against a- matri
monial alliance Ray Baker of OaJdand
v.as sent along with young Whittell as
a companion and from all accounts re
reived from Part 3 the pair had a gay
time in the French capital. Baker,
from time to time, reported to Whittell
St. that the son's infatuation for Miss
Cunningham was being rapidly di
minished. "• -
At this stage Attorney T. V.. Cator,
who Is associate counsel with, Johnson,
said he had an objection to make to
the process in regard to the accusa
tion. He claimed that the defendants
were not in court legally and submitted
a motion objecting to any proceeding
by the court against the defendants or
to their being placed on trial upon the
accusation or to any Judgment against
them because no legal or lawful pro
cess had been issued in said proceed
ing or upon said accusation or been
served upon the defendants or either of
them. .
• "If the parties are not in court law
fully," said the Judge, "then you can
not make a motion for a continuance."
Addressing Cator. the Judge said: "I
will hear your motion at once."
Cator demurred, as he - wished to
prepare himself with authorities, but
the Judge was insistent, saying the de
fendants could not occupy a double
position.
Cator then argued at considerable
length In support of his motion. He
contended . that under section 20.
article VI of the constitution, every
process, .civil or criminal, must foe in
the name of the people. Therefore
the tiling of an accusation by the
Grand Jury and a notice annexed-to It
by. the District Attorney that copies
had been served UDon the Commis
sioners was illegal. The accusation
should' have been made in the name of
the people.
District Attorney Byington replied
that it was not a criminal prosecution.
The first case called was that of
Wyman for arraignment. Attorney
Edwards asked that the arraignment
go over till Saturday, as the testimony
in the Police Court was not yet trans
cribed. The Judge ordered that the
stenographer of Police Judge Cabaniss"
court be notified to Have the testimony
transcribed at once, insisted that
the arraignment ': be proceeded with.
The defendant was arraigned and the
Judge said that If any motion was de
sired on behalf of the defendant it
could be made when the defendant was
asked to plead. The case was continued
till, Saturday on the suggestion of As
sistant District Attorney Ferral.
• When the accusation against the
Election Commissioners was called
Attorney Hiram Johnson said that the
commissioners were ; busily engaged
every day canvassing the election re
turns and asked for a continuance till
after the canvass was concluded. At
the proper time he had a motion to
make and he would submit his" author
ities to the District Attorney before
the next calling of the case so that the
District Attorney would be prepared to
argue it.
. Election Commissioner -Voorsanger
was asked by the Judge how long it
would take to canvass the returns and
he replied about two weeks.
Attorney Johnson thought that a con
tinuance till November 26 would an
swer all requirements.
OBJECTS TO PROCESS.
WYMAN' IS ARRAIGNED.
There was an animated scene In
Judge Lawlor's courtroom ! yesterday
morning. The case of Charles Wyman,
charged with fraudulently voting at
the primary election; Joseph Rebstock,
charged with violating the election law,
and the members'of the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners, accused of mis
feasance in office, were on the calendar.
Besides the defendants and their at
torneys. Foreman Lillenf eld and the
members of the Grand Jury and Judge
81osa.were present as /witnesses in the
Kubstock case on a motion to sefaside
the indictment. No definite conclusion
was reached In any of the cases except
the arraignment of Wyman, the others
having been i continued.
Bebstock Files Motion to
Set Aside the Indictment
and Wyinaii Is Arraigned
Plea for an Allowance Is
Granted and Newly Wedded
Pair Feel 3Iore Hopeful
FATHER MAY RELENT
AKGUMEXT IN PKOGKESS
Millionaire's Son, Who Mar
t ried Young Actress, Seek
ing Peace With Family
Election Commissioners Ob
ject to Process Followed
in Regard to Accusation
WHITTELL HOME
WITH HIS BRIDE
BATTLING WITH
TECHNICALITIES
Testimony in the Dolbeer Hearina Gut Short
CONTESTANT OF WILL CLOSES HIS CASE
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1904.
16
AI>VEltTLaEMEXTa.
!Of a cough, especially of infants
. and delicate children. Don't wait
until the cough becomes hard, the
throat inflamed and the lungs and
bronchial passages congested.
Avoid cough remedies that contain
opiates, stupefying drugs and dan-
gerous anodynes. They only
quiet the symptoms— drug the
cough into silence — but that is not
curing. A weak place is left to
t cause trouble later. A remedy
> must be used to subdue the in-
•: flammation, stimulate the secre-
tions, soothe and heal the irri-
tated* membranes ,and*cure , the
cough to stay cured.
Irish Moss Cough Balsam is such
a remedy. It enjoys the indorse-
ments of many physicians, who
use it in their daily practice. Sold
by your druggist' at 35c and 50c
bottle. ..•.-;.- . ;;
* C4j Pcrttfct Fittln* A/" 1
© Eyeglasses $
-T At Moderate Cost T>
t .*'.¦¦¦ \^
V 642
IPADTCDgl CURE SICK HEADACHE.
uAKIbnw . -¦?;•...
F3iTTiE Genuine Must Bear
TlVER Fac-Simile Signature
ADVE RTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
pv M^3w8 W I k jL V tt** r* flBSH , ' I
39 STOCXTO2* ST.. ZTSAS KAX3CST.
Telephons Mala 6022.
2TO BBAWCH STOaXS.
WS ABE TVJJ»T FSEPASZS TO
rn.L AXXi TSAjncsoxvnro
OBJZM.
S7CC1AI. 3AI.E xtv To aad Xadudlosr
TgAjncgonmro xosarzzro.
BTTTTEB A2TD SOO8 TKX8 W1LEJC
OSIiT.
Creamery Batter per •qn*r» SOc
Frrah and sw«t.
Ifufih ErSTB. Btrlotly f ency
per dos«sx 47c
SSinacsota Eggs per doaoa 2Sc
Comb Honey 2 for i!5c
Rtg. 2c>c. Water whit*, delicious.
Home-Maae Mine* M»»t — SpecUl—
pt. 3(>c. at. 5Oct H-g»i. 9Oc
only the best Inzredienta used.
lUxad XTuts p«r lb. 15c
Rtg 2Cc. Best Quality. Nut cracker
free with 3-lb. order. . JTa^
Citron, Oraar* and Lemon Peel
per lb. 16c
Ber. »c.
Cranberrlei per at. 12*-jc
Strictly fancy Car* Cod.
Worweylaa Maxkerel «ach lOc
R«K 15c Oood sixs and white; Just In.
KatJonal Blacnlt Co.'b ITabisco 'Wa-
fers, mil flavor* pax tin 23c
Rep. 30c.
Santa Clan Prunea per lb. 3c
Hef. 7%c L*.rg9 alse — ••• window.
Ground Cfeoeolate. . .la 1-Ib. ttaa 23c
Rtg. 30c. Ghlradeul's or liowney'a.
Plum Pnddtar 1. 3. 3. 4 lb cans
Special 30o.40o.SSo.7So
R«r. 25c. *5o. «3c and 85c r-.
R. & R. or G. & l> brand.
London Layer Bal«ta«. .per Xb. 12^c
Reg. 20c.
Zieconrt SXnsbxooma per tin 20c
Rtg. 25c.
Qneen Ollrt« at. bot. SoC
. Seville Packing Co. Re*. 60c ,
Canned Coxa. Maine 8 for 25c
Bes. 15c can.
Western. 3 for 25c; rec. 10c
Canned Asparagus, larg* watt*. .....
per tin 23c
Re*. 30c
D. A W. or Red . Ribbon brand.
O. X. Bourbon and California Brand?
per bot. 75c, gal. 93.00
Res. $1.00, 94.00; seasonable goods.
Cabinet Cocktails. per bot. 75c
KfK Jl.oo. Manhattan. Whisky. Mar-
tini. Gin, Vermouth.
Sastern Beer — Pabst's, Budwelaer.
Lemp'J, A. B. C ......'.. -....../.";
. . .qts. per dot. 82.15. pts. 81.35
R*K $2.k: plnu *l.M. «»-»•«»«
Choice Slnfandel and Golden Tt^^tng
pes gal. QOc
Reir. ?5c Just the thins for your Thanka-
Khrlnir dinner.
Full aasortmeBt of Wines. Cordial*
and Clears. '
A b^by who frets, worries,
cries or sleeps poorly is prob-
ably poorly nourished unless
there is actual disease. Mdlin's
Food provides plenty of good nourish-
ment; easily digestible and does away
with all fretting and crying. Try Mel-
Un'« Food, we will send you « sample.
MEUJN'S FOOD CO, BOSTON, MASS.
« HAIiE'S. f r^-^_ ¥$ LErS ' ,-, - -- -' .-j- -i-.-_
S Hale's— Open Saturday Nights Till Christmas.
One Week— Thanksgiving
Christmas Next Month: Hale's To-Day
The store is temptingly ready to fill your every want. Many
are giving Santa the keys to little rooms or closets, where he can
store hisVoods at leisure until Christmas eve.
It's a cood way. It fills the children with expectancy. Tt makes It pos-
sible to do shopping early. Early shopping is undoubtedly best, and best done
where money Roes farthest and suggestions are thickest and variety Is Sjea.t-
est. Put Hale's on your shopping list surely, last If you will. Comparison
proves. To-day — • -
Candle Shades 25c |$ioo.OO as Prizes
Candles at 2c * to 2 o Children
On the bargain table to-day, mam The SanU C]aus contes t j s
Root. awakening even more enthusiasm
Tie Shades at 25e— Are regular * BOc th j s year than last. Scores of
and 60c values, fancy shapes and de- children have already entered \ it
signs, in pink. red. canary and Nile whh a v ; m and spirit that has
ThTo«dl M at ac-Are fancy twisted sent us scores of good pictures
candles, in pink, red, Nile green and and verses.
wh l te Every child under IS can enter. No
They add a finish to the table or the }ffi^ f fSSr5?S
room every woman is seeking and will verse con t a inlng the words "Santa
be glad to pay less for. ; Claus" and "Hale's."
Send it to Santa Claus at Hale's or
" drop It in the Santa Claus picture box
__ • __ 2 n * ar tne entrance. For the best
Thf» Rmr»lr DltimPC twenty pictures we are going Jo pay
1 ne DlatK Jr^I UlllCr? $5.00 each. We are going to print the
.« T «.».--^i . first wlrninsr picture next Sunday.
at IN early Half Price watch for it.
. ,. . , . . ,. t NIHTirP^* printed the eondl-
Are making a big stir this week. IW I IV/C tlons of the contest in
If you will buy a plume to-day we g g| ju»to 3 r'^p«.«d > in Sjgg-
will put it on your hat free and some of them to-day,
make your saving greater yet. This bl £. r k a 7 n £ nly ° n wMte PaPCr and W " h
Hale millinery store! is doing all it Draw only on paper measuring 5x7
can to give you cause to think of roll the pictures, and
it whenever you think of hats. sure to give your age. .
Plumes at 53c-^-For 10-inch ones, up to O *
S3.25 for beautiful black plumes 18 ¦ jit 7i/f«t-«. \/^«««.
inches long. Let us iVlaKe Your
And we have grouped a large number •«¦»»¦• ' " <^»« • v w-* '
of Keady-to-Weap Hats, splendid WintPf SJ/'lfr t-Vf*P
styles, different shapes; not all col- T ? 111CW1 UlVH til CV.
ors in every shape, but all colors in q av -. vn ,,r rtr^««Tnat-^r'e Kilt 1/
the lot. Regular J3.00 hats to-day at bavc . >? ur dressmaker's bill. U
$1^5. . you will buy the material for your
— * ordinary skirt length our expert
w-~% * S**t /\— man will make you a plain
rOCKi CnOpper y5C &*} free in the very latest style.
Bigger— Better 'ffl
Than we have se*;n sold at more, and /titSoL $$& «fi5** «y^
now when It will he most helpful (to /Sv. /£ff ' jB3**er
chop the stuffing for the Thanksgiving Jmf ¦*^v£^»_ *im%n.i\^^
turkey). Pay 95c for it downstairs. *=* -*T v™* n fi/MP>^
It has four different cutters. It will »..«.«
save its cost in no time in saving food. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F.
A fieSr'BBl
¦a i^&lik Hfs^i HL
Rich in Flavor I
"Mellowed by Age |
H ' KILBERT MEROANTTLE CO.. • ¦
X Ii»-Ut Seconil St., S»» Francisco, Ctd. T
B ' , Telephone Prlrata 313. »