Indiariian Tells of Great-Hncrease in Conwfierce That Followed Acquisition
dtf Territory; arid^o^the; Prosperity Due to^Protection.
UNITED t STATES. SENATOR ' CHARLES -W. FAIRBANK8 . OF INDIANA, .THE NOMINEE VICE «PKESIDENT ON THE
REPUBLICAN TICKET. AS HE ; APPEARED | LAST . NIGHT ! WHEN ADDRESSI NG THE GREAT AUDIENCE OF VOTERS
IN MECHANICS' PAVILION.. ' > ¦>¦' ¦•-, • - > ¦ ' ; • ¦ . ../, -. - • , , J
Continued on Page 2,* Column 1. 21
of 'the, support, of the people than it is
to-day.
, "Back of us He . seven years of suc
cessful administration, never surpassed
1 n;. all i of the. history of the republic.
Events have 'justified the : faith which
the" people ' reposed ¦ in . Republican poli
cies during .the great campaigns of
1896 a=d 1900. We - have - written the
policies' involved in- those two great na
tional contests Into the public laws and
carried them into the national adminis
tration.- 1 Their; complete vindication is
found- in- our : industrial ' expansIon.Mn
cur; territorial ; expansion and in the In
creased estimate In : which the nation
is held in all the courts of the world.
, "The efficacy of . Republican policies
and Republican administration ; is vin
dicated Mby our, domestic commerce and
the growth of our trade with all other
powers." !' '• *: './. ' '¦ . " .
; '•The ? - Republican - party \ , has never
neglected an' opportunity.. to' extend and
enlarge the, commerce of ; the United
States. ' For. many years we have culti
vated trade iwUh-.the trans- Atlantic
countries. ; We have taken but little
thought of- the", vast commerce that lies
in and beyond the ..Pacific. It has long
been the belief %t the Republican party
that'' aV great ; commercial .; opportunity
awaited; us, beyond our. western shores.
European" nations; have long sought , to
increase 'their. Influenced In'the Far East
and Jo ; extend i there ; their., commercial
Interests..' . They '". have been - for more
aggressive * than 1 ; the United ; SUtes in
that ''direction.', -The. Importations .of
Oriental ',- countries : .' amount to over
twelve I hundred l millions " of -dollars a
year;:,; ;- ¦•¦:> : ;¦¦-•-¦¦ ¦ ¦
- "Prior . 'to ' 1896 ' the United ' States had
publican; policies triumphed; prosperity
again came.- Factories- reopened. j The
great % army of idle men ; returned -• to
"workyn;establlshmehts long closed; by
Democratic ] folly. S Prosperity t returned
to,' the nation ' and through all : the land
.there! came and : still exists ' a feeling ; of
financial 1 security that ; is . absolutely
essential ) to ..- prosperity.; . (Applause.) ; •
the ..Democratic i admlnlstra
tion,1-atiartime-when that party *had
full control , of /our-republic's"<policies
and Interests, itiwas estimated. by Sam
uel vGompers,' president jof; the* Feder-?
ation \ of * Labor; i that*/ there were ; more
thant'three - milllonr men ; in 'United
States 'idle^and' looking f or; work. tBut
this slasted' for.' a >shdrt time;' only," for
soon ; following- the advent; of .President
: McKinley ~; s to %^ office \f. commerce . .•; and
manufacture -.began' to thrive.-. In ' the
last \ seven : and 'one-half .' years we j have
added more, wealth'to. our foreign,com
merce than was padded : in the ] hundred
and/ seven-; years < preceding^ that itlme.
And • the . monetary-/; standing 4 of s our
commerce t " knows >. neither silver ; nor
'paper. :•>-.*. ;; .- : .' .."'\ '.•-.-.-;-, •¦-•;. -} :''-',.'¦
>r. : '-'TheJ Democrats; have ? declared • that
protection ,¦ Is ¦¦ robbery * and f propose •• to
revise , it/- They say^ that jif :theyi are
placed; in; command they iwlll : wipe." out
s thisi protection \,^tov^ American capital
and-labor.^- ., : ,,n . :'\' •:¦ '¦¦', r * 'S'
w'VvIThe/i Republican party -makes, its
appeal Ato !,the v ' American -.people * upon
;thel ; record *• of <its^i achievements.' ;• -It
submits .what 1 It hasdone'soiwell in i the
'interest 5 of i our . commerce \ and ** in .the
advancement I of f our/ national » strength
' and J prestige * as • a*, warrant : for } further
confidence."* It ¦ is itrue v to; its v best^tra^
ditions Vandt was \ never more 'worthy
and hungry. *. I : said .that ; it was. Gov
ernmental > policy thaHhad 1 closed the
factories • of the United / States '- and
opened those ¦ of foreign nations, -and
that • was ¦ i opening . the marts -'of '• the
United States , to the producers of Eng
land.' I j said,- to myself .that this was
an 7 : offense; against the people -"of the
United States* > \Afcd I> knew,* as : others
knew,', that Mt was "Democratic fpollcy,
not -Republican -policy, 'that; was •• re
sponsible; for i,this ¦ condition. • '-. :; "'¦ J i
' "i n ; 1896 1 thelRepubllcan' party^met at
St.'i Louis,* resolved' to -frame :a-' policy
that; would;' lift the /nation^ our; of
morass r/of *W Democratic • practices* At
that convention two fundamental t poll-;
cies were" "agreed ?¦ upon— first; V protect
tion ; . • second; . a ; gold i standard; .: ' Hav
ing; resolved', that -theseepoliclesTshould
prevail? and? knowing^ that "policies"? dp
not 5/ execute tj themselves, i the ,' conven-
tlon? proceeded to. nominate -a man i the
Republican ;¦ party/ knew*'cpuld •¦'be™ de-"
pended upon to; seei, that ttheyj were put
in force., and .Willia.m; McKinley of Ohio
•was named v- for; ''President.'' : i(Loud
cheering.) ;-\V " 'S '-.• -^ v , . ; -' : '" ' '¦:',¦' ' :^-}%i]
PROSPERTFr -RETURNS. ' . :
"A;; short {time .later: the
'met Wand .. they™: decided?, also .- that 'two
fundamental^ policies Xwere /. needed Vi to
bring f prosperity.:*- to ithei'country; and
they,] adopted Uhem.V* They; were: -;; first;
free i silver; ifi second,*; free ('trade: -V -The
great,; campaign *;came.1VThis t time' the
people iwere' not i to.'be 'deluded; •. VTh'ey
reached ; the ; conclusion xls : not
only ; important i to ! have ; great, and \wise
policies, v but . that •¦¦ policies tt.mnst
be carried out by ; great'and'wisestates
manshiprv'';'"';: ?^.U' "'¦¦•' *'" >^Vv°^^j- ;:
f;" William* McKinley J was ; } Re-
which it did. all standing. After the
song was concluded General Stone
said: - ,
'This record-breaking gathering of
San Franciscans and Californians and
of enthusiastic Republicans is a monu
ment to our distinguished visitor, from
whom we expect to hear a | discussion
of the issues of the campaign. Before
he speaks, however, I take pleasure In
naming the chairman to preside at this
meeting, the senior Senator from Cali
fornia, the Hon. George C. Perkins."
Senator Perkins was greeted with
generous applause, to which he re
sponded as follows:
"This splendid audience of represent
ative citizens of the great metropolis of
the Pacific Coast States, proves beyond
the potency of words that the people
realize the Importance of self-govern
ment and are willing and desirous to
pay tribute to the advancement,; pros
perity and honor of our nation. .It
means that in this political : campaign
the wise and beneficent policy, of the
Republican party for eight years will
be as closely adhered to for the next
four years. It means triumphant suc
cess for that party and the election,
by an overwhelming majority, of Presi
dent Roosevelt and the candidate for
Vice President. Senator Fairbanks.
"We are especially favored this even-
Ing in having two of the most dis
tinguished of our countrymen present
to trace out and discuss the political
issues. - I refer to our distinguished
guests this evening. Senator Fairbanks
and .Senator Fulton. I esteem It a
great honor, as it Is a favor, to present
to you the next Vice President of the
United States." ¦;"..¦ .'
As the Vice candidate
rose, the Pavilion rang with cheers and
applause. - The thousands of .flags
waving throughout the Pavilion added
life and color to the scene. But all be
came Quiet when he raised his hand in
gesture at the < beginning of his ad
dress. In parr he said:
"Senator Perkins and Ladies and
Gentlemen: I thank you for this mag
nificent demonstration . of patriotism. I
realize that it Is ¦ not personal, but is
due especially to . the . fact that I have
the honor of standing for those great
national policies that . have resulted in
the present great prosperity of the na
tion.-40BMEBnETCUSkftHH
"I have witnessed many, demonstra
tions since this campaign opened, --. but
none' more striking and' magnificent
than ' that I have witnessed • here : to
night. : It is singularly appropriate that
the American flag should blossom forth,
as it has here to-night, : at', an Amer
ican mass meeting. I am gratified to
be upon. this platform :to-night discuss
ing . for : a brief /while "J the v Issues : of
this "campaign, with my colleague: in
the. Senate, George . C. Perkins." At
this point cheers for Senator Perkins
interrupted . the speaker and when r si
lence came he said :'. ' ,
"You do well • to cheer . that jiame:
For seven years I < have .had the "pleas
ure to be with Senator Perkins '• in the
service of the Government. Few men
carried a more level head than he dur
ing the great emergencies of the
period of which I speak. During these
great emergencies he was the loyal
friend of the great President William
McKinley and he is the present adviser
and friend of McKlnley's constitutional
successor, who, by the grace of the
American people, . will be the next
elected President of the United States,
Theodore Roosevelt. (Prolonged and re
peated cheers.) . • \ ¦ •'.;.
"Now, as to the political conditions
that have prevailed In this country in
recent; years. In 1892 we were enjoy
ing a measure of prosperity, unexam
pled in the history of the country. -In
dustry was everywhere, all - were em
ployed and there was bread for .every
mouth. Then : the country ; was pro
gressing . ; under the administration of
one. of the greatest Presidents the coun
try ever had, Benjamin Harrison:
(Cheers.) - In the midst of all this pros
perity the : Democrats carne and said
that If -the people would only over
throw the Republican party the meas
ure of prosperity that had come with
Its administration i would, be increased.
FIXAXCIAIJ FAMINE COMES.
"Oneof the ; uppermost desires of the
human race is to better conditions. The
people ¦ unfortunately^ ; accepted ?¦': the
promises of the Democracy ' and Har
rison was defeated. , -With what ; result ?
When .the result of., the 'election was
known | a tremor ;wentithrough* the • en
tire country. V Commerce.f urled ; its sails
and capital ;-> sought ;-. its , hiding/ place.
Retrenchment was . the - signal^ that was
given . and . retrenchment < followed and
soon we were in the midst of financial
famine. ¦:• "*1fflffrTWWWJiffiiVllfffffllT* i "' lWi " BafaM:3
7 "In: 1895,; while this deplorable condi
tion was existing at home, I visited-Eu
rope- At Birmingham,- England, I wit
nessed a profoundly ' significant i scene.
I saw an immense ' factory— a* factory
four ; stories : high ; and a block \ square/
About it- everywhere ".was - activity. V^ I
saw : goods , piled on : wagons In process
of shipment; and, led by curiosity/-* I
asked .their., destiny.", ".' I .¦ was * told-' by
those 'that* were' 'superintending 'the
shipment .that they, were, bound -for the
United : States. I .said r to i myself that
there was • some mistake ¦ about ail 'this.'
;•, .'-'When I ( left - home :, there ,4 was i an
army,"- composed of • many/ thousands : of
my .: fellow countrymen,; * that « was * Idle
Speaker Gives Promise of a Greater Future Under
a Continuance of the Present Policy.
a beggarly 6 per cent of this enormous
trade. It was the opinion of President
McKinley, now held by President
Roosevelt and the Republican party,
that we shculd obtain an increased
share of the inter- Pacific and trans-Pa
cific commerce. We have, during the
last seven years, increased our exports
to countries in the Orient until they
now represent over 10 per cent of the
total imports of those countries and
yet this is not our proper share. Under
prudent and conservative administra
tion it Is destined to "be largeiy in
creased.
TERRITORIAL EXPANSION.
.. "We annexed the Hawaiian Islands
because * of thetr - commercial and stra
tegic Importance;, they were long re
garded as essential in the national de
fense." We have acquired tne Island of
Tutuila, of the Samoan group, which
possesses the most desirable: harbor in
the South Pacific- .A commercial ca
ble has been constructed across the Pa
cific and it is under American control.
The open door in the Orient has been
carefully preserved through our wise
and Just '. diplomatic policy. . Our con
sular service has been used to extend
to the utmost commercial trade
throughout the world.
"Our foothold in the Philippines has
increased our influence and given us
a point of vantage in the Orient." (Ap
plause.)
"AH of these things, which have been
accomplished by Republican adminis
tration, tend to give us a larger par
ticipation in a vast commerce which
has hitherto been largely under the
control of other countries. Our ex
ports to Asia and Oeeanlca in 1S36 were
$42,827,238. Last year they amounted
to $106,770,591. showing an Increase in
seven years of $63,943,333.
"We wish to enlarge this trade in the
interest of the products of the farm
and the factory; In the Interest of
American wage-earners and American
capital.
• "It will b*» Interesting to observe the
principal articles of export and their
increase In exportation in the last thir
teen years.- In 1S90 we exported to
China, Hongkong. Japan. Asiatic Rus
sia. Australasia, Hawaii and the Phil
ippine Islands, iron and steel for man
ufacturing of iron and steel amounting
to $2,900,000. Last year the total wtf
nuoo.ootf.
"Cotton cloth In 1890 amounted to
$1,500,000. Last year to $14,700,000.
"Breadstuffs" amounted to $3,500-000 in
1890. Last year th« total was J18.9O0.0OO.
"Cotton, unmanufactured, in 1S30.
amounted to only JS5.0OO, while last
year the amount was $7,500,000.
"Provisions increased from $513,000 la
1S90 to $1,800,000 In 1903.
"The articles mentioned are but a
few of those embraced In our annual
exports. The extension of our com
merce Into the Far East ia a matter
which concerns all sections of the coun
try and we should spare no honorable
effort to' expand it to the utmost de
gree. "We have but to adhere to the
policy which we have thus far pursued
and we shall come into a full share of
the commerce there which naturally
belongs to us.
ISTHMIAN* CANAIi.
"The President's course in connection
with the isthmian canal entitles him to
praise. It has been characterized by
an appreciation of our national ne
cessities • and a high conception of
duty. . He has realized that its
construction was demanded In the
interest of our commerce and to
increase our national defense. Every
step taken has been taken advisedly
and well. There has been nothing done
which Is in derogation of our national
honor. The Clayton-Bulwer treaty of
1850 was superseded by the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty, giving the United
States the Independent and exclusive
right to. build and maintain the canal.
The President, like his great predeces
sor did not wish anything done in con
travention of our national duty toward
» friendly power.
"As the Clayton-Bulwer treaty stood
in the way, it was necessary to super
sede it by a new convention, under
which the United States should be left
free to take up and carry forward the
work as she should deem best-. The ne
gotiations to supersede the old treaty
were begun by President McKinley and
concluded by President Roosevelt.
President Roosevelt, after the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty was out of the way. ne
gotiated-with Colombia for^the requi
site franchises and privileges for the
construction and maintenance of the
Ten thousand people cheered, ten
thousand flags waved at Mechanics'
Pavilion last night when Senator
Charges "Warren Fairbanks, Republican
candidate for Vice President of the
United States, rose to inaugurate the
campaign on behalf of his party in
California. It was a demonstration of
fealty to the principles and policies of
the dominant party that will live in the
history of the political affairs of the
fctate.
It w»s all red-hot, strenuous enthu
siasm. No hypocrisy lurked behind the
cheere. nor were the people lifted, to
endeavor by the occasion, which was
•witnuut parallel in the mexaozyiiOtjLhe
mighty host* that participated." The ap
pearance of Senator Fairbanks on the
platform, accompanied by Senator
George C. Perkins of California and
Senator C. W. Fulton of Oregon, was
the signal for the outbreak of en
thusiasm. The great crowd had been
supplied with flags and, leaping to
their chairs, the people cheered until
their voices mingled in one great roar
and the air was ablaze with the flash
ing Ftripes of the national emblem.
Senator Fairbanks stood silently
watching the unusual scene, and his
face lighted up with comprehension of
its significance. To him it told the
story that California is firm In its loy
alty to the party he is helping to
lead on to another victory, and in the
great crowd he saw unswerving: adhe
rents. But the people had come to
h«=sr the issues of the campaign logi
cally and eloquently discussed, and at
the wave of a hand silence came over
them and they sat down to listen. But
at each men'ion of the name of Roose
velt or McKinley or Perkins or any of
the statesmen that have had a hand
in shaping the policy of the last two
administrations they again broke into
cheers and the flags again waved in
token of allegiance and approval.
ESCORTED BY COM31TTTEE.
Senator Fairbanks and party arrived
at the Oakland mole from the north at
6 o'clock last night. Escorting Senator
Fairbanks and Senator Fulton of Ore
gon were Genfral George Stone, chair
man of the Republican State Central
Committee, who went to Redding to
m?et them, and George H. Pippy. pres
ident of the T'mon League Club, Dan
T. Cole, R. L- Radke, Dr. Elmer Stone,
George H. P.ahre. George A. Dodge and
"William M. Abbott, who Joined at
Davlsville. In the party aboard Sena
tor Fairbanks special car. "Edge
mere." other than those, named, were
the fallowing: . :•¦ ¦
Colonel D. M. Ransdell, Indianapolis.
Ind-, Sarseant-at-Arms of the Sen
ate, in charge of the party; Floyd S.
Judah, San Francisco. Cal., represent
ing the Southern Pacific Railroad;
Frederick C. Fairbanks. Indianapolis.
Ir.d., pon of Senator Fairbanks; Rus
sell King. Indianapolis. Ind.. private
secretary to Senator Fairbanks;
ThomapF. Dawson. "Washington, D. C,
Associated Press representative; Stan
ley W. Bogert. Cleveland. Ohio, repre
senting Scripps-McRae Press Associa
tion; Robert L. Dunn, New York, offi
cial photographer; Everett Tawney,
TVIncna, Minn., son of Congressman
Tawney of the Republican National
Committee.
As soon as he alighted from his car
at the mole; Senator Fairbanks walked
forward to the locomotive that had
brought him safely over the last divi
sion of the run to the city. and. calling
the engineer and fireman from the cab.
shook them heartily by the hand. They
both sr^med greatly pleased at Senator
Fairbanks' courtesy. The Senator then
mad* his way to the forward deck of
the ferry boat and there, surrounded by
the members of his party, enjoyed the
refrerhing evening air. "for." he said,
"the .hottest siege of the campaign I
have had to-day was coming through
the vjalley. when the sun refused to
limit his ferocity."
But few people on the boat recognized
Senator Fairbanks, and the trip across
the bay wa3 uneventful. Arriving on
this side the party was driven to the
Palace Hotel. Senator Fairbanks first
looked over his mail and then joined
his party at supper. This completed he
enjoyed a Khort rest and then, accom
panied by the escort committee named,
went to the Pavilion.
GENERAL STONE SPEAKS.
Following the great demonstration
that greeted his appearance there were
speeches. General Stone was the first to
address the meeting:. After the i audi
ence had become somewhat quiet Gen
eral Stone called upon the quartet* for
"The SUr-Spangled Banner" and asked
the audience * to join in the 'chorus.
Singing and Band Music
Add to Enjoyment
of Gathering.
Flags Wave in Greeting
to the Distinguished
Statesman.
Senior Senator of State
Introduces Orators
to Audience.
Mighty Host Manifests
Loyalty to Leader of
the Party.
THOUSANDS
CHEER FOR
ROOSEVELT
BIG MEETING
IS DIRECTED
BY PERKINS
TEN thousand men and women at Mechanics' Pavilion last night welcomed Senator Charles Warren Fairbanks, Republican candidate for Vice President of
the United States, to San Francisco. By its cheers this mighty host again 'attested its allegiance to Republican principles and Republican policies. It was
a magnificent demonstration of approval of the administration that has keptjthe prosperity of the nation at the flood and marked out for it a greater future.
Senator Fairbanks, accustomed by years of experience to read the spirit that actuates such demonstrations, was visibly gratified at the tribute offered by the
cheering thousands. In turn he paid a tribute to the people for their manifest loyalty to the great party of the nation he represents, and promised, on behalf
of this party, a continuation of the era of prosperity and achievement that has marked its dominance.
UNPARALLELED DEMONSTRATION MARKS OPENING OF REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
IN CALIFORNIA BY CHARLES W. FAIRBANKS, CANDIDATE FOR VICE PRESIDENCY
¦ THE WSATXEB.
' Forecast ' mad* at San Fraa- ,
ciico for thirty boars eadln?
midnight, October 4:
San Francisco and vicinity —
ralr Tuesday, except t offCT In
tie mozsisr; lKlit west wind.
a. k. vrzx^^sozr,
Local PorecMter,
Temporarily la Charge.
The San Francisco Call.
%, THE TBEATEB3.
Alcazar— "Camilla."
Alhamfcra — Jose? Softuaa.
/ Calii«rala— "Tlie Tenderfoot."
Central — "Sealers tax Whit*
- W^men." *' l^r
Ckvjk* — VaudevUle.
"Colombia — "Th« Office Boy. M
jnkc&vf* — "Down the lane."
"Grand — "Tork State PoUc»."
lyric Hall — »«Ev«rymaii."
Majestic — "The Henrietta."
Orphetun — Vaudeville. !
Tivoll — "Tie Serenade."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, ; OCTOBER 4, -1904:
VOLUME XCVT— NO. 126.Orators Exchange
Complimentary
Remarks.
SENATOR FULTON OF OREGON ADDRESSES BIG MASS MEETING
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Says They Have
No Claim to
Success.
Northener Attacks
the Methods of
Democrats.
Names of National
Leaders Start
Applause.
Victory for Ticket
in November
Prophesied.
J'ln passing I wish to touch upon the record of the Republican party for the fifty years of its exist
ence, >vrJtftqJr-^josf; splendidly hi history for -at least forty-four ''yearsrdf: that itine. There Lh no act of the
Republican party over which we ask the mantle of charity to be: 'thrown. , Our past record is a guaran
tee ,of what tlie Republican party: Wiir accomplish in /the r future;^; X>u'r"; policies ar e not laid as a groundwork
for distrust and commercial distress^' These' policies' yesterday, they are good to-dav and they
will be good to-morrow., . '.,;.. ,• '•>.;-• "¦';"; V ' '¦ ;^; .- - ? '""' ¦ • r< ; ' > i . -:.-.. : :-.¦,.
"Let us make sure then in selecting our candidates and our men toRuiclo the course of the nation.
Select those to whose hands has been intrusted the work of the past ahd who, therefore, may be trusted
to do their duty in the future. Let San Francisco give her best Republican vote to the State and Califor
nia her best to the nation and send to the Presidential -chair for the next four years Theodore Roosevelt."
— Excerpt from the speech of Senator Fairbanks. ..
CALLS ON CALIFORNIA TO GIVE AID TO THE NATION.'
of the Republican party, each dollar of
our currency;' whether, it is silver or
paper, is gold's equivalent. We haven't,
several kinds of. currency varying- in
value, but we have several kinds of
currency identically of the same value.
"What do you think -, would have
been the condition of th'e country to
day, if, in 1896, or In 1900, the Ameri
can people had accepted the monetary
policy of the Democratic party?. No
one can, in imagination, conceive the
disaster that would have followed the
adoption of the Democratic in place of
the Republican policy. 1
"From the beginning of our admin
istration in the Philippines, our task
has been made more difficult because
of the hope held out by the opposi
tion that the islands were to be given
over by the United States, and their
control left to the Filipinos. Those
who have made a study of conditions
know full well that the people are to
tally unfitted to govern themselves,
and that the withdrawal of the Unifed
States at any time since our occupancy
would have resulted in giving them
over to anarchy. For centuries B the
people knew no rule except that of
Spain. They are in all ! stages of, de
velopment, running from a very low
to a high order in the scale of civiliza
tion.
"The opposition in 1900 declared
that imperialism was the dominant is
sue, and held out the hope to the Fili
pinos, many of whom were then with
arms in their hands, resisting the au
thority of the United States, that
Democratic victory meant Philippine
independence. This expectation, en
couraged by the opposition, cost us the
lives of many American soldiers, and
the expenditure of millions of dollars.
The hope was wholly Illusory, and
when the election resulted in the tri
umph of William McKinley, the insur
rectionists speedily surrendered their
arms and took the oath of allegiance
to the United States. Armed opposi
tion to our sovereignty quickly disap
peared. The zone of peace was rap-
Idly enlarged. So fast as possible, our
army was reduced and sent home.
PROSPERITY IN ISLANDS.
"The work of building up civil gov
ernment, of educating and enlisting
the natives in the administration of
their own affairs, under the princi
ples of our republican institutions, is
going forward rapidly. The people
the pursuing the ways of peace and
are enlarging the measure of their
prosperity. A brighter day has dawn
ed for the people of that far off land
than was ever conceived possible un
der Spanish rule. (Applause.) :
"There- has been no time from the
beginning of our administration when
there has been^ any thought of ex
ploiting the Philippines for the ben
efit of the United States. The interest
of the people of the Islands has been
the primary and paramount consider
ation with us. The advantages to the
United States, though wholly subor
dinate and secondary, are neverthe
less real and substantial and they
promise still larger benefits in open
ing the way for our commerce into
the vast markets of the Orient.
"There need be no concern as to our
future relations with the Philippines.
If we shall meet the duties of the
hour upon an exalted, intelligent, hu
mane plane and If we shall continue
to carry Into our administration as
rapidly as the people of the archipela
go can enjoy them the principles of
American institutions no one need
have any fear as to the future of the
islands. The American people can be
trusted to-day to meet in full meas
ure any obligation which rests upon
them with respect to the people in
the Philippines and those Who shall
come after us will be as wise and as
sensitive in the discharge of their na
tional duty as we arc < Those who
are anxious for some immediate spe
cific declaration of our ultimate pur
pose with respect to independence
only tend to embarrass, our relations
there, create disquieting expectations
and pave the way to continual and
vexatious doubts and misunderstand
ings^ -,.',-•¦ ...
SUPPORTS THE NOMINEE.
"While our great party will be vic
torious throughout the length - and
breadth of this ¦ great land I want to
speak for special effort on the part of
Calif ornians to send to the House of
Representatives as your majority
choice from this city . the Hon. Julius
Kahn. (Cheers.) And to . the voters
of the Fifth, Congressional district, In
which part of Ban. Fsandsco ¦ is situ
ated, I wish to ask their hearty sup
port of the Republican nominee, Mr.
B. A. Hayes. In fact, I wish. to sug
gest that the best possible thing Cali
fornians could' do would be to send a
solid Republican delegation to Congress
from California. (Applause.)
"In passing I want to touch upon the
record of the Republican party for the
fifty years of. its existence/written
most splendidly in history "for at least
forty-four years of that time. There 1s
no act of the Republican party over
which we ask the mantle of/ charity
thrown. Our past record is a guaran
tee of what the Republican party will
accomplish in the future. Our policies
are not laid as a groundwork for dis
trust and commercial distress. These
policies were good yesterday, they, are
good to-day, and they will be good to
morrow.. • ,
"Let us make sure, then, in select
ing our candidates and our. men. .to
guide the course of our nation. Select
those in whose hands has been in
trusted the work, of the past and who,
therefore, may be trusted to do .their
duty in the future. Let San Francisco
give her best Republican vote to the
State, and California her best to^ the
nation and send to the Presidential
chajr for the next four years Theodore
Roosevelt." (Cheers.) r , ;•
ENTHUSIASTIC CHEERING.
At the conclusion of Senator* Fair
banks' speech the audience cheered
long and heartily. Not satisfied with
that it gave him a rousing three times
three. for goad- measure.. Finally, the
cheering ceased and Senator Perkins
requested the quartet to sing as an
appropriate selection "My Own United
States." _ . .. r . . . .
At the conclusion of the song, each
verse of which was heartily, applauded,'
Senator P^kins introduced SerfUtor.C.
W. Fulton of Oregon, saying: . ¦ ;..-'=
"We are specially favored- this even
ing in having with us a United States
Senator from our adjoining sister State,
Oregon.- Next to being on -Oreponlan,
he had rather be a Californian. He
says, however,, that in Congress he can
do nothing for California until Oregon
is first supplied, nevertheless he is our
friend." . ~.v ,-V ; - ,
The Oregon Senator was greeted by a
burst of applause that lasted some min
utes. He spoke as : follows:.
SAYS HE STANDS IN. \
"Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentle?
men: I may give to you some: other
reasons why I should esteem it a spe
cial favor to be a citlren- of Calif or^
nia, but I want to say now, -in re
sponse/to my friend. Senator, Perkins,
that one reason 1b because ' that" from
their distinguished representatives In
the Senate I can get anything I want
at any time. He says I always vote
for what Oregon wants. I want to tell
you Oregbn ; never srets anything until
after California • has demanded it. C J I
'sorter stand In.' - (Laughter and ap
plause.)- , ¦ <- ¦•
. "I . realize, fellow, citizens, • that you
are disappointed this evening in not
being able to listen to the distinguished
Senator from Iowa,' Jonathan P. J Dol
liver, whom every -American citizen
honors, respects and -loves 1 because > of
his . splendid statesmanship and ; high
and splendid character, and I sympa
thize with you that he is not able to be
* '•'•'" ' ' — '^— — — ' ". '' •-•;'-•¦•;-¦ '•--.!;¦
..At the conclusion of Senator Fulton's
epeqeh the quartet Bang a selection
that was - barely audible above the
noise made ; by the departing thou
sands. To overcome this the band was
ordered to play, and it struck up "Co
lumbia/'; white the large. crowd* slowly
filed out of the Pavilion.
: Senator. Fairbanks and party i will
leave • at *?:45;o'clock this morning for
Palo Alto,. where the Vice Presidential
candidate will make a short t speech.
fr'..."'' — ":•"'••:. • •" ' ; • • ¦¦>
BAND : .PI/AYS "COLUMBIA.!'
VA .great hue and cry was made
about the trusts formed to throttle
competition and increase ,the price of
products to the public. In 1890 during
a Republican administration the Sher
man act > was ¦ passed to regulate the
trusts. .Soon afterward the Democrats
succeeded the Republicans and Mr.Ol
ney declared the Sherman law of
doubtful validity. When William Mc-
Kinley entered the White. House he re
fused to abide by Qlney's opinion aqd
took steps to prosecute the . violators.
The Spanish war and the trouble in
China distracted his .attention." but
President Roosevelt with his usual en
ergy V- directed the prosecutions be
pushed to a conclusion."
"We stand' for the highest ideals in
the world and must be able to com
mand and to demand the respect of all
peoples of the world. If there were no
differences between the two parites on
the question of governmental policy,
It would still be important that the Re
publican party should be victorious. No
man who has occupied the presidential
chair has brought to his official duties
the high appreciation, the sense of duty
to the people, the unwavering execu
tion of the laws as our fearless leader,
Theodore Roosevelt. (Cheers.) If he
has made enemies they are those who
would have defied the law had he not
compelled them to respect and obey it.
" "Democrats are not waging a war so
much upon the Republican party as
upon Its leader personally. They'know
that' the present policies are not to bs
lightly set \ aside, therefore they have
turned; the management over to those
who have felt themselves to be superior
to the 'law. To them the Democratic
party has given the charge of Its cam
paign in. this year 1904.
"William J. Bryan in a speech in
Nevada a few evenings ago said that
President Roosevelt was an unsafe man
because he had brought war into the
White House. /'Right he is, but it is a
war against the evil-doers and the vio
lators of the law.
REPUBLICAN IDEALS.
only thing about the army is^that the
convention says that its expenses
should be reduced to the lowest figure
that history has shown is safe. When
I think of that splendid record made
by a battleship that we both claim,
California for its building and Oregon
for Its sponsorship, it seems to me the
Democrats have no patriotic pride
whatever when they think of the splen
did run the . Oregon made from ocean
to ocean. \
here to-night. I sympathize with you
because by his absence you not only
miss the opportunity of hearing him
but you are compelled to listen to me.
While that is your misfortune it is a
comforting ray of sunshine to me. I
do not' know exactly what is my po
sition.In this procession. I was picked
up, 'and my position has been some
what of a Questionable character. * I
do not mean that I am a questionable
character or that any one present here
in our crowd is ol^ questionable char
acter—Senator Perkins, you know,
cannot really be said to. be of our
crowd— (Laughter.)
"My real purpose is to bring you
greeting from the -State of Oregon to
that of California. I want to tell you
that in June last, Just simply as a fore
runner of what we are going to do v in
November, we gave the Republican
ticket 24,000 majority and in November
we propose to make it 30,000. I want
to say to you in all sincerity and ear
nestness that* the* people of Oregon
have a warm spot' in their hearts for
the people of California. We have
never in^Congr'ess asked assistance but
we have readily obtained It, have never
asked commercial bodies for help , to
forward our plans but it was supplied.
ONCE FORSOOK PROSPERITY.
, "I canot believe it possible that the
American people.Jn view of. the great
prosperity, our Republican principles
have brought about, will at this time
turn their backs upon these policies,
The American people surely cannot for
get the day when moving, along -In . a
prosperity very nearly equal to that of
the present time we turned the admin
istration of this country over to the
Democrats and the sunlight of prosper
ity went out, Remember the splendid
,results the Republican party .brought
to this country. Our. people : will not
repudiate these policies. " (Applause.)
"In I860 the accumulated wealth, of
this country was sixteen billions. After
forty years of Republican : administra
tion the accumulated wealth of the na
tion is one hundred billions. In 186Q, the
gold in circulation was $228,000,000.:-To
day it is $644,000,000. In I860 the silver
In circulation amounted to $165,000,000;
to-day, $500,000,000. In < 1860 ;the,- entire
amount of money of all kinds in circu
lation ; was $335,000,000, while '. to-day , it
reaches the enormous sum > of ' $3,500.
000,000, 'In i860 our- imports; exceeded
our exports by twenty millions; to-day
our • exports , exceed our > import* i by
$400,000,000. ; '. And; yet they tell us . pro
tection-is a' fraud, unconstitutional and
should . be . done away with. ; -.- . ; . '¦ .
"There is one;thing In the Democratic
platform r that '.-(•¦should ;•'•- cause , every
American to repudiate : it. ; I" refer ; to
the position ¦ taken "by - the Democratic
National Convention on -¦' the United
States navy. :The'»ub-co*mmlttee of .the
committee . on • platform •; reported on '¦ a
plank recommending that the conven
tion should . declare in* favor of'building
up a • strong and ppwerf ur navy to . up
hold and protect o'^r ¦ rights 7 and dig
nity/ The plank was taken out. The
-*- '- " : ¦¦¦•¦¦;¦-- '• - •¦¦-¦ ¦¦¦--¦¦ .
Speeches of the Leading Representatives of the Party
Receive Close Attention from Vast Audience.
I Senator Fulfon commended Senator
Fairbanks as one of tbfe* best friends
of the Pacific Coast in public life. Thf*
last stop for the day was made at
Marysville. . -
"It has. not been so many years." he
said, "since my father built the wag
ons In which some of your relatives
made the long and perilous Journey
from Ohio to Oregon. It was a Jour
ney which then required many days
and much money, but which is now
accomplished in a few days."
CHICOr Oct. 3.— Chico furnfthed
one "of the . largest crowds of the
day. The speeches at this point were
made from the rear platform of the
private car Edgemere, and both
Senator Fairbanks a*nd Senator Ful
ton were warmly greeted. In his ad
dress Senator Fairbanks referred to
the location here of the State Normal
School, and dwelt upon Its influence
in promoting 1 the welfare of the peo
ple. He referred to the wonderful
progress of the last half century, and
gave the Republican party credit for
much that has been accomplished in
all lines. . ,-* ;,
GREAT CKOWD GRKKl'S HIM.
Hon. .Victor if. Metcalf. Hpn. W. W : Mpr
row, Hon. E. A. Hayes. Hon. W; H. Beattjr.
Hon. ¦ T. B. Hawley. Hon. W. B. Gilbert,
Hon. E.- Ei^ Schtnltz. J. 'K. "Wilson, S.
M. Shortridge, F. W. Dohrmann. Hon. Thomas
Flint, H. B. Russ. General "W. K. Sliafter.
Hon. Walter Van Dyke. E. I. Wolfe. T. D.
Rlordan, Hon. R. C. Harrison, J. C Camp
bell. R. H. Lloyd. William duff. E. R.
Lilienthal. Lovell White. Hon. Lucien Shaw,
W. J. Martin. C. H. Sp«ar, William J. Hayes,
Harry Baehr. J. Greenbaum. George H. Bahrs.
Hon. John Hunt, M. Koshland. H. N. Beatty.
J. Everdin;, R. Thane, Charles Boxton, John
Gitlson, F. J. Baker, W. A. McQultty. Clar
ence Walters. J. Coleman. W. P. Reding,
ton, ' Captain J. II. Bennett, J. T. Nash,
Georze W. Kline, William Macdonald. Hugh
M. Burke. J. D. Currier, Frank A. Markey,
Dr. M. Regensburger, Dr. E. Z. Hennessy. W.
W. t-anderson, Percy V. Long, Joseph Kerr,
Louis Strohl, J. L. Gallagher, George B.
Keane, A. A. Son, A. -Covlot, F. H. War
ren, G. P. Adams, E. F. Delger, N. P.
Brown, W. G. Richardson. Fred J. Meinclce,
F. A. Schmitz. Governor George C. Par
dee. Hon. J. J. de Haven, Hon. C. N. Fe!»
ton.--- Hon. M. H. de Young, Hon. " T. B
McFarland. Charles M Shortridge, Hon. John
D. S'peckel*, M. A. Gunst. Horace Davis,
H. D. Loveiand. T. B.- Bishop, W. S. Wood.
Andrew Carrigan, William H. Pratt. Joseph
Sloss. General C. A. Woodruff. John F. Davis,
Hon. F. W. Henshaw, Frank French. Alexan
der Hamilton, Hon. W. G.' Lot-Iran. W. W.
Chase, Hon. F. S. Stratton, Dr. Henry C.
Davis. John A. Brltton. Hon. C. W. Slack,
John Lee. W. T. Beck. M. R. Hlggjna. Charles
Sonntac, J- H. Nelson, Charles Gore, Dr.
S. # S. Davis, E. S. Salomon. A. Olaen,
John J. Murray, Marshall Hale. A. R. Smith,
George H. Roos. John Martin. F. W. Zimmer
man, R. W. Roberta, Slg. Stern, Hon. J. H.
Neff. James Callahan. F. E. Mayhew, W.'R.
Morton. W. M. Page. R. J. Welch. F. H.
Pow*rs. L. A. Rea, P. S. Teller, Fr«d N.
Bent. E. F. Preston, E. T. Allen, Ed Lande,
O. W. K. Daubs. N. L. Bell, B. E. Powers,
L. D. Martini, John D. Glsh. D. McLeod. T.
C. Hunter, Hon. Alden Anderson. Hon. Julius
Kahn.' Hon. J. R. Knowland, Hon. E. F.
Woodward, Henry J. Crocker. P. N. Ullen
thal, U. D. Grant, General N. P. Chlpman,
P. C. Rofii. Hon. F. M. Angeilottl. Henry L.
Davis. Gforge H. Plppy. W. 8. Davis, Henry
T. Scott. Dr. W. B. Coffey, Wendell Eastern,
Theodore Lunstedt. John F. Merrill, George B.
Sparry. E. J. Smith. Maurice M. Asher, A. I*
Hart. I. W. Hellman Jr.. Richard Sprockets,
Hon. Wheaton A. Gray, B. P. Flint. John W.
Rogers, John T. Dare, Hamilton Bauer. Wil
liam J.- Dingee, J. J. Mack. Fred Esters. M.
Ehrroan.A." H. Vail, Dr. C. N. Elllngwood.
W. J. Robinson, D. W. Burchard." E. J*. da
Pue, Dr. W. S. Dennis. E. F. Mitchell. J. F.
Fugazi, P. J. Shechy, A. Altmann, - James
Coffin. L Klan, Harry gelsbert, E. J. Pringle.
William Mindham, D. E. Skinner. J. Folg«r.
John A. Cullen. J. W. Hamilton. Simon New
man A, R. Cotton, Francis McXamaxa, B.
Hayden. John J. Grelf. J. Lucey, H. J. Mc-
Mahon. Patrick Boyle. P. J. Hasklns, Mat.
Harris, James W. Ward, Fr«d V. Severance,
Judge F. H. Kerrigan. E. F. Treadwell U
Deane, Hon. M. C. Sloes, H. B. Davidson,
Charles A. Nelson Hon. J. M. Troutt. Wil
liam H. Davis. Charlo Hull, B. A. Davis.
Fred C. Jone*. H. Cowell, W. II. Cone, Bam
Beckett,' Horace Wilson, F. H. Hardy, J. W.
McTigue. Hon. Carroll Cook. E. G. Dennlaon,
F.' P. Deerinp, La* Levy, Hon. U. 8. Webb.
Harry Ccsten. R. Alexander, H. I*. Andrews,
William Haas. B. L. Conlon, J. B. Stetson,
J. B. Smith. W. B. Wellman, K. Melrose,
John Shields. J. O. Hayea, C. B. Rode. W. J.
Carey, Thomas Simmonds. D. W. Earl. "C. R.
Allen. T. B. McCauley, W. B.- Coffey, Fred
Birdsall. Val Stow. W. A. Boole, J. R.
Smith, James McQueeny. E. I. Walsh, R. L.
Thompson. J. H. Wunderllch, R. L. Hathorn.
S. W. Levy, Theodore Reiehert. W. E. Luti,
W. R. Wheeler. C. B. Perkins, J. H. Graham,
G. Schnee, Q. N. Weaver, Fred Sahr, S. Suss
man, Helver Jacobson, E. R. Pease, Otto I.
Wise, S. S. Johnson. C. E. Thierbach. G.
Wend«UnK. Joshua P*rye, Joseph .Stapleton. O.
F. von Rheln. C. L. worden, E. T. Allen.
Slg. Greenbaum, George P. Clark. Eugene E.
Pfaeffle, M. J. McGrath. B. Sheidman, H. W.
Phelps, Hon. J, C. B. Hebbard. E. M. Buck
ley, J. E. Roach, Charlea C. Moore, A. P.
Van Duzer, Frank Corey. H. O. Beatty. T. E.
Atkinson, Jesele Lahman, L. S. Haas, Max
Goldberg, H. E. Foure, Jesse Mayer. Leon
Btmutli. F. G. Huskey, Tim Sullivan. D. .D.
Sullivan, V. Marlnl. Mel Vofrel, B. A. Ryan.
W. F Wilson,- John McAulllffe, Geor«:e E.
Hart. Charles H, Sherman, P. E. Bowles,
A. J. Dannenbaum, . Patrick Carroll. E. J.
Duncomb, . A. A. Guarini, John A. Hammer
smith, O. D. Porter. C. H. Pond. R. J. Taus
sl«r, A. M. • Wallln. George Cooney, A. L.
Hollls. George Prescott, Walter Freer. J. F.
Kingston, John - D. Paly. J. A. Lemon, I.
Upham. B Jenstch. E. Myron Wolf, C J.
Deerins. Thomas Moran. W, F.^. Wilson.. W.
W, Van Arsdale. C. H. J. Truman, N. P.
Rldeout, R. T. Mclvpr. O. F. Richardson.
Otto Dedriekson, A. WHke.^J. W. Boyce.
George W. Pennlngton, F. K. Alnsw&rth. Dr.
L. L. porr, General C. A. Coolidge, J. J.
Jacob!, H. C Dibble. W. J. Herrln. Henry
Ach. Geor»e Emorr. George W Beck. B. A,
Dentcke. J. Pettit, C G. Cook. T. G. Parsons,
C. I* Barsottl, Carl "W. Muallar. F. H. Wheel,
er Hon. T. F. Graham, P. O. Dunn. George W.
Reed, Walter G. * Holmes. Gus Hartman, Hon.
Charles Y. Curry, Georgt A- McOcwan, Hugh
P, rrear, V. ' C. Coughlan, Mary Anthony,
Robert Oxnard. W. S. Heger. F.J. Baker, ;H,
H. Lynch. Dr. E, R. Bryant. W. J. -Ruddies,
F.'B. = Moody. John CaJvert, A. B- Bowers, J.
M.~Youd«vT.;L. Hooper, C. F...D*ley, 3. T.
Long Lht of California Republicans
Act as Vice Presidents.
The following is the list of vice
presidents who occupied seats on* the
platform: ¦ ' . .. . .
PRO3IIXENT MEN ON PLATFORM-
The speech was liberally applauded.
as was also that of Senator Fulton,
which followed. . , •
RED BLUFF. Oct. 3. — The Fair
banks train was welcomed here by
the blowing of whistles, the beating
of drums and the presence of a large
crowd. Senator Fairbanks appealed
for a continuation of Republican poli
cies.
"We are so constituted," he said,
"that we must all go up together under
Republican .policies or down together
under* Democratic-, policies. The rec
ord of the Republican party for the
last forty- four years is such as to in
spire confidence, and It has done
nothing to forfeit that confidence. In
deed, never at any time has it been
more worthy of support than under
this administration of President
Roosevelt." > ;..-
RECORD MERITS CONFIDENCE.
CALIFORNIA'S SENIOR SENATOR INTRODUCING THE SEXATOR FROM OREGON TO THE GREAT GATHERING THAT AS
SEMBLED IN MECHANICS' PAVILION LAST NIGHT TO BEE AND HEAR PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S RUNNING
MATE IN THE PRESENT CAMPAIGN* AND OTHER DISTINGUISHED ORATORS.
From Palo Alto they will go to San
Jose, arriving there about 10 o'clock
and give the citizens an opportunity or
hearing Senator Fairbanks' eloquence.
The party is due at Livermore at 1
o'clock, at Stockton at 2:45 and Sac
ramento at 5:30. At all these places
the Vice Presidential candidate will
address large crowds.
To-morrow morning Senator Fair
banks and party will leave Sacra
mento for Truckee. where Senator
Fairbanks will make his last speech of
the campaign within the State's bor
ders. Senator E. F. Woodward, secre
tary of the State Central Committee,
will accompany the party as far as Sac
ramento.
In his speech Senator Fairbanks
referred to the far-reaching fame of
the section and dwelt upon the ne
cessity of preserving the political con
ditions in order to maintain, the pres
sent prosperous status of business.
When he said that he had last been
hero when President McKinley was a
candidate McKinley's name was loud
ly cheered, and Fairbanks told his
hearers that while they did well' to
applaud that name, they should bear
in mind that they were to have in
Theodore Roosevelt a President who is
inspired by the same lofty purpose as
his predecessor. • f
Senator Fulton recalled the admin
istration of President Cleveland and
warned his audience against doinff
anything calculated to produce a repe
tition of it — a misfortune that might
occur If Judge Parker should be
elected. Both speakers were enthu
siastically applauded.
At this point, as at most others in
his tour. Senator Fairbanks was made
the recipient of numerous presents of
flowers and fruits. One gentleman
presented a very fine specimen of
mountain trout, which was cooked for
the Senator's breakfast. General
Stone, chairman of the Republican
State Committee. Joined the party
here.
REDDING, Oct. 3.— Senator Fair
banks of Indiana and Senator Fulton
of Oregon began their California
campaign here at the head of the
great Sacramento Valley before break
fast to-day. Their train drew into
town during the night and the Sena
tors awoke to the music of a brass
band. A stand had been erected on
the commons near the railroad sta
tion, and when the Vice Presidential
candidate and his associate were es
corted to it they found a crowd of
considerable dimensions , awaitins
them. . . • ,
Makes .His First Speech In the Early
Morning at Redding.
FAIRBANKS ENTERS STATE.
MONEY -IK CIRCULATION.
"In 1896 we had in circulation about
51,1500,000.000, while we now have about
$2,500,000,000. And under the wise policy
*The service It rendered . In 1896 to
the cause of sound money entitles it
to the everlasting gratitude of the
American people. There never has
been in the history of the republic a
more subtle and violent assault upon
our monetary system than was made
eight years ago. In that supreme cri
sis the Republican party had the as
sistance of a large army of patriotic
Democrats, who put their country's
Interests above all else and aided in
the election of William McKinley to
the Presidency. All honor to them.
We find In their attitude ample assur
ance that In the hour of the country's
gravest peril there are patriots who
are ready and willing: to serve her.
"The Republican party ¦ pledged its
faith in the gold standard and when
intrusted with power it enacted the
neeessary law, putting our money upon
the gold basis. This was accomplished
against violent . opposition. We were
charged with being subservient to some
goldhoarding influences, and- the direst
perils to our people were predicted by
the opposition if we succeeded. It was
insisted that we adhered to the gold
standard because we wished to make
money scarcer and dearer; because we
wanted to cheat labor. The logic of
events has proven all these things
false. Our experience has shown that
the Republican party had the only
sound and sensible view. Our policy
has Increased the volume of our money
and the credit of our Government has
been Increased so that it is the best of
any in the world.
"The Republican party has stood for
the maintenance Inviolate of the finan
cial credit of the country. It has. al
ways stood against repudiation in all
Its forms, and It has insisted, upon
the maintenance of the best possible
currency. It ha* not been satfefled
with any currency which was less than
the best in the world. (Applause.)
"The opposition insisted upon the
construction of a canal upon the Nicar
agua route. The latter was antagon
ized by the Republican party because
it never could become a sea level ca
nal, while the Panama route could be
constructed at sea level, should the
needs of commerce require.
"The Nicaragua canal would cost
J18J»,000.000; the Panama canal but
J1S4.O00.000. And furthermore, the lat
ter can be operated for 51.350.000 less
per annum than can the longer route.
"The considerations, therefore, of to
pography, of distance, of original cost
and the cost of maintenance and opera
tion were so strongly in favor of the
Panama route that both President Mc-
Kinley and President Roosevelt felt
that It should be selected.
"The interests of all sections of our
common country will be promoted by
the construction of the Panama canal.
Our national defense will be promoted
thereby. Our commerce will be lanrelv
increased as the result of the comple
tion of this great undertaking.
"No section of the count-y will be
more beneficially affected by the great
work than the Pacific Coast. San Fran
cisco will be brought more than nine
thousand miles nearer the harbors of
the Atlantic seaboard, by water, than
Fhe is to-day. This means an increase
to her commerce through the years to
come which defies present estimate.
"The great undertaking is essentially
£ Republican enterprise, and its com
pletion will mark a new Republican
contribution to the commerce of the
United States.
FINANCIAL CREDIT.
"Every step taken to advance the
enterprise during the administrations
of President McKinley and President
Roosevelt, has encountered sharp Dem
ocratic criticism. Weeks and months
were occupied by the opposition in
challenging the good faith of those who
were trying to carry forward the work.
But for such opposition the enterprise
would be much farther advanced to
day than it is.
"The President acted quickly, but
he deliberated well upon the subject.
He studied carefully the trend of
events. He was watchful of our na
tional interests. * He had made him
self familiar with our rights and ob
ligations. He knew perfectly what we
should and what we should not do.
When he recognized the independence
of Panama promptly, he only did what
had been done by the government be
fore and by other governments when
peoples had successfully asserted their
Independence. When he gave Instruc
tions to the commander of our vessel
in Panama waters to preserve peace
upon the Isthmus, to prevent Injury to
American citizens and to property, he
acted absolutely within our treaty
rights and to his appreciation of
the gravity of the situation and his
courageous and prompt action, we are
indebted, and the world is also in
debted for the prevention of bloodshed.
By his course he not only averted
bloodshed and disorder, but put an
end to the efforts obviously made by
the Bogota government to hold up the
canal enterprise indefinitely, and he
paved the way for its early construc
tion in the Interest of the commerce of
the world.
"The opposition seeks to condemn
the President for adopting the means
by which we acquired our present
rights and franchises upon the Isthmus,
yet they pledge themselves to carry
forward the work of construction.
They challenge the morality of the
course of the administration, but are
willing to go forward with the enter
prise which that course has made pos
sible.
"The Panama Canal will be built in
due time. The President has appointed
a canal commission, of able men,
skilled in carrying forward large en
terprises. They are going ahead with
the great work which has been commit
ted to their hands. The administration
desires them to proceed as rapidly as
possible, consistently with economy
and the best results.
DEMOCRATIC CRITICISM.
canal. He did all that a self-respect-
Ins President could do to conclude a
convention, but Colombia's attitude to
ward the United States was manifestly
unfriendly, and its course toward the
people of the Province of Panama was
Kuch as to stir the latter to revolution-
After every reasonable effort had been
made to conclude the treaty with Co
lombia, and Panama asserted her inde
pendence, the President was fully Jus
tified In recognizing the fact that Pan
ama had, by her own act, asserted and
established her freedom.
PRESIDENT WATCHFUIi.
Kelly. E. A. Clancy. B. Kendrick. William
J. Dutton. Thomaa Lynch, M. Shannon, J.
T. Collins. C. W. Erlckson. C. F. Benedict.
J. B. "Whitney. W. Attridge. J. H. Neustadter.
J. T. Kydd. David Sachs. E. C. Merrltt. Df.
Voorsan»er, It. A. Grter. J. J. Mazza. H. J.
Perazzi. Peter Manjou, J. II. Belsar. Georga
Spencer. John GUmartin, J. H. Taylor. Charles
Armstrong:, P. S. Barber, R. P. Jennings, Al
fred Gerdes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1904,
Urge- Support of
Republican
Policies.
2
ADVJjKTlSiSMEyrS.
HAPPIEST SIAN IN UNCLE SAM'S
"1 am the happiest man in Uncle.
Sam's navy. I must have sot the piles
from always sitting on the suns. for.
I have to get on them to clean them,
as I am first-class gunner's mate in
the after turret. ~
"I could not do any work when I
had the piles; my shipmates did it for
me. I certainly was In a bad condition;
to-day there is no man ahoard the ship
in better condition than J am. and I
can certainly thank Pyramid Pile Cure
for the world of good it has done me.
I used so many different medicines and"
spent lots of money until I used this
remedy; it la the only one of the whole
lot that did me any good.
"The first box nearly cured me. and
I don't think I ever felt happier In my
life, that I thought I got the real stuff
at last. To make sure of a cure I used
a number of boxes, also . two boxes of
Pyramid Pills and one and one-half
boxes of Pyramid Ointment, and I still
have four boxes of Pyramid Pile Cure
left, that I keep in case I meet anyone
that is a sufferer of piles. I thank
Pyramid Pile Cure a . million times."
Julius A. Koester. U. S. Flagship Kear- .
sarge ¦ ...
The wonderful cures effected by this
remedy are subject for remark among
members of the medical profession
everywhere. A little book describing
the cause's and cure of piles is publish-
ed by the Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall.
Mich., and we advise every sufferer to
write for it. It is a singular fact that
one out of every four suffers from"
this distressing complaint, and another
peculiar feature is that it is no re-:
specter of persona, attacking both those
of high and of low degree, the laborer
and the millionaire, the scrubwoman
and the lady of fashion. We have
pleasure in recommending .*• Pyramid
Pile Cure to all such, aa it possesses
merit, and since It la sold, by all druj-
gista generally for, the low' price of fifty
cent* a package a prompt and speedy
cure is easily within thei - reach of
everyone.'
A Beautiful Art -Gallery.
We have converted our , picture
into a beautiful '- gallery i for the * exhibi-
tion of moderate priced: oil paintings,
water colors, pastels, 7 -' etchings ; and ;flne
photographs. .The public , la cordially in-
vited . to call and ; examine ' this • exhibit;
whether wishing to buy or ndt-v. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., .741 Market street." , • •
To [ Cure ft Cold in One Day
Tnke Laxative Bromo '* Quinine Tablets. All
druggists reJun<J the money If It fails to cure.
JS.VW. Grove's signatur. is on each bos. 25o; •
A : Guaranteed Cure^ for Piles,
.;¦ , Itching. Blind. Bleeding: or \ Protruding ¦ Pilf s.
Your druggist will refund money If PAZO OINT-
MENT- falls to cure you in; 9 to 14 days. f We. •STOCKTON, Oct.- 3.— Burglars ,are
busy in the eastern part of this city.
Last evening a prowler attempted to
gain entrance ; to the home of Charles
V Garvin. ; He climbed- on the cellar
door and tried to pry open a window.
The cellar door gave way under him
and '.went down": with a crash, a.wak
ening the household. \.
The fellow is making his appearance
every two or three nights. - Before at
tempting to gain entrance ,to a' house
<he cuts the ; telephone wires . to prevent
the ' occupants : from"; notifying the ; po
lice The telephoneivrires at the'hbme
of Mrs. Hathaway,; East, Main. street,
and those at : the • home j of Ed. .Davis,
in the ,-East > End were cut a few; days
ago. >
Thief Working' In- Stockton, Isolates
Ills Victims to Prevent Their ;
•>¦ *> Calling Police Assistance.
BURGLAR CUTS TELEPHONE
WIRES BEFORE OPERATING
We have lots of new things in picture
frames, and "hundreds of new patterns in
frame! moldings recently selected at East
ern factories, which we will be . glad to
show, to any one-interested in the beauti
ful patterns brought out this fall. San
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •_
Picture Frames.
Will Address Wor/ian's Board of 3Hs
' sions and Harvard Students
¦ , in Boston. *
ARCHBISHOP TO ATTEND
EPISCOPAL CONVENTION
BOSTON, Oct. 3.— Clerical and lay.
deputies to the general convention of
the" Episcopal church, .which will be
formally opened here on Wednesday,
are . arriving , from all parts of the
country. A number of the Bishops
are 'already_ here' and to-morrow the
Archbishop "of; Canterbury is expected
to reach the city. He will make ad
dresses before ' the -Woman's Auxiliary
ot the Board of Missions and before
a meeting of '. Harvard ; students while
here. ' Sfe»€>'i .
Killed in Hand-Car Collision.
MODESTO, Oct 3.— A Greek labor
er was- , killed in a collision between
two*. hand cars ? this morning .on. the
Oakdale River "bank.' ' Three others
were Injured. ' %
The pile bridge of the Rock Island
over' the Cimarron River,#near Mead,
Kans., Went out with the high water
Sunday nighty This is on the main
line t« El Paso. \ Trains are being de
toured through Texas. The bridge
over the Canadian River near King
fisher on the Choctaw division of the
Rock Island, also went out last night.
The Santa Fe road reports their
bridge over the Canadian on the Pecos
Valley line out to-day.
TOPEKA, Kans.,,Oct. 3. — The pile
bridge of the Santa Fe Railroad over
the Arkansas River at Byron, Colo.,
Is out. About 1000 feet of the struc
ture have been carried away by the
flood. It will require several days to
repair the damage. The line between
Trinidad and Albuquerque cannot be
opened for several days.
California trains Nos. 1 and 7 and
Nos. 2 and 8 are detoured via Fort
Worth to Deming over the Texas Pa
cific The Colorado flyer has been
taken off temporarily.
Two LJnes Suffer Heavily From the
Floods In the .Middle
West.
BRIDGES WASHED OUT OX
SANTA FE AND ROCK ISIiAXD
Webber was shot to death by Sandy
Olds, his rival gambler, several years
ago on a prominent street. After Web
ber fell into the gutter Olds stood over
the dying mah~and emptied his revol
ver into the helpless body. The threat
to the Sheriff came by mail and he has
turned jthe matter, over to the postal
authorities. ' ,1, '
"You remember Emil Webber.. Do
your best. You'll meet the rolling
stone in the gutter. We'll let you ru"n
your whole length. It won't be long.
Go ahead. Fare You Well. Sledge
hammer."
PORTLAND, Ore.^ Oct. 3.— Sheriff
Werd, who has brought down upon
himself the hatred of the gamblers by
stopping public gambling and making
frequent arrests, to-day received the
following message:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• Rancourt is young and handsome, a
favorite* In civilian and post circles.
He has seen service in Cuba, the Phil
ippines and China. His father is said
to be>-a wealthy manufacturer * of the.
East. W;
The commanding officer is. not talk
ative about the" affair, but it Is under
stood that Rancourt, who is a social
Hon. had absented' himself without
leave for' two weeks. It is also said
that he has contracted many debts 'he
is unable to pay.
SPOKANE. Wash., Oct. 3.—Lieuten
ant Louis Rancourt of the Nineteenth
Infantry, • formerly statloneti at Fort
Wright, was arrested this morning in
a saloon, taken to Fort Wright and
cenfined to barracks under arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Sheriff Wer^ of Portland
Beceives Warning Carry
ing Threat of Assassination
Lieutenant Bancourt of the
Nineteenth Infantry Ar
l rested"in a Spokane Saloon
-C:ipld*s dimpled little Qnger has been
doing all sorts of mischief in the army,
Corbinism notwithstanding— the - latest
being: the Young- Voorhies affair. Now
in he flits among t he dusty tomes of
Blaclcstone and .pokes indentations
into the heart of a diligent disciple,
none ' other than the genial "William
Penn Humphreys— "Billy" Humphreys
to his Intimates.
And, the maiden fair? Pretty Miss
Paula" Wolff, she of the Chrysanthe
mum coterie, whose wholesome young
hearts know much of sympathy for
the sorrowing. 'Tis such maidens that
make of wif ehood a holy thing — and
therefore is Mr.. Humphreys a Iuok*
chap — of which good fortune he is su
premely conscious.
.Miss "Wolff, a stunning maid with
midnight hair and eyes, and of strong
personality, .is the granddaughter' of
Mrs. ¦ Henrietta" Zeile, and for two sea
sons has .been a conspicuous figure in
the smart affairs of the younger set
Mr. Humphreys is a clever . chap, a
graduate of Hastings Law, College and
the" University of California.
The : wedding ..bells will ring for the
happy pair "when ithe cherry blossoms
bloom." -. ; .
GAINS HATRED
OF GAMBLERS
ARMY OFFICER
IN DISGRACE
Pl'l'I SBVRO. Oct. 3. — The body of the
young woman foaad In the Alleghanr river
Sunday was identified to-day aa Emma FTeyer.
a widow of Alleghaay. Sbe bad just recov
ered from typhoid f«ver and waj despondent.
It was at first supposed she had been mar'
dered.
W.P.HUMPHREYS
WINS LOVE OF
SOCIETY MAID
• SAX JOSE. Oct. 3. — The Wendllng
Lumber Company of San Francisco
to-day secured a verdict against the
Glenwood v Lumber Company for
$4856 40 for lumber furnished J. H-
Routt. In the suit $8500 was asked.
Secures Verdict In San Jose.
I am now suffering the penalty 'for my
crinv*. am degraded and disgraced. I don't
want to rr^ach, but I do want to sound the
alarm to the public as one to a friend whose
bouse ia oa fire. A few we«lu an this man
told us that we could either get a continu
ance unlit a new Circuit Attorney was elected
— that Ms man wculd be cut in and our case
be- dismissed — or that we could plead guilty
and stay in Jail until next January and he
would then see that we were pardoned. I
have determined not tp be under his domina
tion any longer. I shall endeavor for the rest
of my life to atone for the wrongs I have
done. I shall have mere to say later on.
There are many other things I can and will
tell later, but this will do 'now. This, in
brief. Is nsy story and the confession of my
Infamy. I believe, though, that if the people
of St. Lcuis allow this man (a prominent poli
tician) to go on and control both political par
ties and put his men in office the public will
be just as guilty as I am tc-'iay. Such is his
hold on the community. Though It seems
boDeleu. If I knew- anything that I had not
done to arouse the citizens of this city and
the people of this State to the necessity of
putting a ston to corruption I would gladly
do It- V
Cur combine was not along party lines.
Both Democrats and Republicans belonged to
tt. My experience has been that boodlers
line up according to theJr own interest and
not under party standards. In the majority
of wards of St- Louts both the Democratic
and Republican party usually nominate men
tu go to the House of Dfcl«gates for the money
they can make out of ft. Each party man
votes for his own fellow and either one that
get* in serves those who rob the city of fran
chise*. 1 believe this has been tolerated in
St Louis because eo many of the large cor
porations of the city are mixed up in boodling
one way or another. The heads of these cor
porations used to think it less trouble to buy
what they wanted than to elect honest, men
U the House cf Delegates- /
BOTH PARTIES CONCERNED.
ber of the combine to apeept bribe money
without dividing it among his fellows.
We had a fixed schedule of prices for vari
ous bills, according to the value of the fran
chises or privileges given. We hardly ever
received less than J 10OO for the combined vote.
We considered it b*neath our dignity to take
less than that. On one or two occasions,
though, we got as low as $50 each for our
\-otes and tome of the boys took $5 each,
but were ashamed of it because the price was
sj rmall.
FOR JUDGES OF THE SUPERIOR
COURT.
Frank J. "Murasky.
•James 31. Seawell.
William K. White.
Charles T. Conlan.
FOR JUSTICE OF THE PEACE.
• Louis Fererri.
fi * STATE SENATE.
17th District — Joseph M. Plunkett.
/; 19th District — Postponed.'
« 21st District — Daniel W. Barry.
23d District — Abner McMahdn.
. 24th District — John P. Byrne.
» 25th District— rMason Thomas.
ASSEMBLY.
28th District — Stephen B. Nolan.
29th District — Patrick Moriarty.
30th District — Edward J. Tooniey.
31st District— T. J. Kenney.
32d District — George Fiannigan.
33d District— 31. J. Kerrigan.
34th District— Joseph B. 3IcClodkey.
35th District — Joseph Clifford. .
36th District — Charles Fleming:.
37th District — Jeremiah H. Dillon. -
38th District — Postponed. .
39th District — Edward A. Kenney.
40th District — Postponed. t
41st District — Peter Crowley.
42d District — Walter C. Farnhazn.
43d District — Postponed.
44th District — Charles I Vlelman. . r
45th District — Joseph Sllva.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 3. — Un
derorders of the War Department,
Captain David M. King of the ord
nance department will make during
the months of October, November and
December two visits per month to the
works of the California Powder Com
pany at Santa Cruz, two visits per
month to- the works of that company
at Pinole, on official business pertain
ing to the inspection of the powder
in process of manufacture for the
ordnance department. On the com
pletion of this duty, he will return to
his proper station at the Benicla Ar
senal. Captain Frederick Reynolds,
assistant surgeon, is detailed as a
member of the examining board ap
pointed to meet at the_Presldio at San
Francisco by special order No. 159,
vice Major William Stephenson. sur
geon, relieved. . "*
So much of special order No. 40 as
directs Captain Fred W. Sladen, Four
teenth Infantry, to Join his proper sta
tion. Is amended so as to direct him,
to proceed to Vancouver Barracks.
Washington, and report to the com
manding officer of -that post for duty.
ARMY ORDERS.
Eighth — We believe that the Interests of the
State and of the people require the election of
Seventh — We commend to the voters of San
Francis* the Hon. M. T. Dooling, the Demo
cratic nominee for the offlce of Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court of the State of Cali
fornia.
Fourth — We believe that \ the municipality
should acquire a supply of water sufficient for
its needs and should own and operate a plant
for the distribution of water from the munici
pal supply. , :
Fifth — We command the proposal submitted
by the Legislature to the electors for the Is
suing of State bonds to the amount of $2,000,
000. the money to be spent in the I improvement
of the witter front of San Francisco. "
Sixth — We approve the proposed amendment
to the constitution cf this State by which in
termediate or district courts of appeal are cre
ated, their Jurisdiction defined and provision
made for the election and salaries of Judges
therefor. v i \
MUNICIPAL WATER SUPPLY.
Reagan and J. A. Drlnkhouse. with using their
public offices to increase their private business
by selling, respectively. Insurance and cigars
to . retail dealers , in . liquor. We charge ; the
Mayor's Board of Election Commissioners with
appointing -iflw>mpetent*"a'n<l nnflf election of
ficers, through whose Ignorance In. seme case*
and connivance in others numerous frauds were
committed at the last, primary election.- And
we charge the Mayor with notorious servility
to a political boss, with misusing the powers
cf his offlce in building up a political machine,
with serving .himself before the people, with
abusing his 'veto power in the matter of the
ordinances deigned ,to prevent quarrying at.
Thirtieth and Diamond streets : with tolerating
and thereby encouraging a "wide open" town
and a general loosening of political morals In
the municipality and with infidelity to the
charter, which he has violated in many ways
and particularly by open and contumacious
disobedience of the civil sen-ice provisions' of
that document. .' ¦; «
Committee on vacancies — Thomas J.
Pender. Henry Eickhoff. Edward Re
gan. Michael Kieman, James Mooney.
InstructiAns were then given by the
chair regarding the holding of district
conventions for the nomination of As
semblymen and State Senators and Ihe
convention adjourned to permit • the
districts to arrange their tickets and
appoint purity of election committees.
•
Nominations for Superior Judges
were in order and Josepn O'Donnell in
a brief" speech nominated Frank J.
MOrasky; William A. Kelly nominated
James M. Seawall; E. C. Harrison nom
inated William E. White and James P.
Sweeney nominated Charles C. Conlan.
The mention of Conlan's name evok
ed long continued applause and the
cheering <was repeated several times
during Sweeney's words of praise for
the man whose name he vrisiigd placed
upon the ticket. A motion to close the
nominations was followed by one that
the secretary cast the ballot for all
four nominees. Carried, y '
For Justice of the Peace*, unezpired
term. J. F. Renault placed in nomina
tion Louis- Uerreri and tnere being no
other nominations 'Ferreri was declar
ed the party nominee.
The chair then appointed the follow
ing auditing committee: John O'Gara,
Charles. J. Heggerty, John McClellan,
Josh Riley, Frank A. Lawler.
Democratic nominees for the State Senat* and
the Assembly.
SHARP WORDS FOR SCHMTTZ.
LIST OF'NOMINEES.
TWO SUPERIOR JUDGES "WHO WERE RENOMIXATED BT THE DEMOCRATIC MUNICIPAL. fcOXVEXTIO?? IN PIOVEER 1
HALL LAST XIGHT. AND TWO OTHER ASPIRANTS FOR SEATS ON THE BENCH WHO WERE HONORED WITH
PLACES ON THE PARTT TICKET. --- 5 '|
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3. — Frank
Morrison, general secretary of the
American Federation of Labor, has
filed with the Interstate Commerce
Commission a complaint, alleging dis
crimination on the part of the Trans
continental Passenger Association and
other railroad associations against the
Federation of Labor in the matter of
reduced rates for delegates to the na
tlcnal meeting of that organization to
be held In San' Francisco ' beginning
November 14. ,
The protest alleges that. In response
to inquiries on the subject, the federa
tion was informed by the railroads
that the "regular rate" would be
charged. The federation officials
claim that special rates are allowed
theatrical companies, baseball teams
and fraternal organizations, ajid that
heretofore such rates have been ac
corded to their organization.
American Federation Charges That It
Is Beinz Discriminated Against
ixf Matter of Rates.
LABOR ORGANIZATION 1
% ACCTSES RAILROADS
We never thought of passing a bill out of
which ar.y inonej.' could be obtained unless we
were i-aid for our vote*. We went about it in
a :•...¦•<••' like way and had combine meetings
at st£t«<i times, anc fired the bribe prices
which we wre to rec«i\-e for our votes, by a
majority vote of the combine. Then we would
e^le^t cne cf the combine in whose honesty
¦»¦«? had ccnSdence to go out and get the money.
These «*£*«« wobH rarely ever betray us.
In ore or two instances they confiscated part
of the pior.ey, but as a reneral rule they were
Eon«*t with us. Amosi ourselves, under
stand, we had a high code of morals and it
was cor.s ( .dere<5 extremely, «U*hci:est for a mem-
ticipated in net only by members of the House
cf I>eiejja.tes under indictment for boodllnp,
but bv firominent fintneiers ot St. Louis, who
ftared exi**ure by those who gave us the
CCT5«y.
torney Folk is meant here) commenced his war
en us m tried to intimidate him by threats
cf &ssa£zicaUcn, and when this had no effect
»e laid £.11 sorts cf traps for him without suc
cess. Thfn it was decided that the best plan
would be tx\ start a newspaper and libel him
bo fiercely as to <lraw h'.s fire by taking up
his tfme in libel prosecutions, or If he did not
i - influence woe id be weakened and destroyed.
Althiupb we could Sad nothing, after a thor
oujrh search, to make attack on. libels were
<Je!;ber«*ly made up for the purpose of af
fecting putlic sectinjtnt. This plan was par-
TRY INTIMIDATION-.
Wfc«n the present prosecutor (Circuit At-
ET. LOUIS, Oct. 3. — In a written
confession to-day Charles F. Kelly,
Speaker of the House of Delegate*
during a period of the life of the
boodle combine, relates the story of
thax combine. He declares that a
prominent local politician promised
himself and others implicated that the
next Circuit Attorney would be. "all
right" and promised if they would re
main firm he would secure for them
eithex continuances until the new. Cir
cuit Attorney took office or pardons af
terward. He declares that the politi
cian said the new Circuit Attorney, for
which offlce nominations are to be
made by the Democrats to-day, would
be "his man." Kelly declares he re
fused this offer and he makes this
confession to satisfy the pangs of an
accusing conscience, to obey the re-
Quests of his wife and to do what he
can to make atonement to the public
and prevent other young men from
following the path which he declares
has led him to ruin.
In the course of his confession Kelly
details the story of the city lighting
deal, for which a boodle fund of
$47,500 was divided among the nine
teen members of the combine at Julius
Lehmann's birthday party. He de
clares that the "prominent politician"
gave him the boodle fund, that he
took It to Lehtnann's house and that
he there divided it. Kelly writes:
I knew from rsr own knowledge and trvsx
the statements made to xa« by thoe« on the
lr.s:de that bribery ta» been going on in the
Municipal Assembly of St. Louis for the past
twenty-five y«-ars. Hardly a bill passed that
body m the last Quarter of a century unless
it was sa.1d for. We <Hd not fear exposure and
punichiaeat. for the reason that w« believed
that no one would dare to do It. In case of
attack we knew most of the politicians and
many cf the larse financiers of St. Louis
wo«ld be with us. A former prosecutor showed
eirss cf starting aTier us. bat he was bluffed
Implicates Prominent Fi
nanciers of Fair City ia
His Written Tale of Brib
ery, Corruption and Deceit
Third— The probity and conspicuous worth of
the Democrats in the Board of Supervisors and
in -other offices nave been emphasized by con
trast with that portion of the municipal gov
ernment controlled by the present Mayor and
his appointees. We charge the Mayer's Board
of Fire Commissioners with a deliberate breach
of duty in unlawfully letting to a favorite
the contract for shoeing the horses of , the
Fire Department and with creating phantom
companies in order to provide salaries for po
litical adherents. We charge the Mayor's
Board of Health with a shameful attempt to
nullify the civil service law in the charter' by
abolishing the * civil service* 1 positions In the
Health Department and dismissing . the occu
pants who were civil , service men [ and then
re-creating the same positions 'under different
names, but carrying substantially the same
duties and filling the re-created positions with
political followers of the -Mayor who_had,not
taken the examination or been certified by the
Civil Service Commission as . qualifled and ' fit.'
We charge the Mayor's Civil Service Commis
sion with dereliction cf duty in failing to re
5ift the several attacks made by the Mayor's
administration on the • civil - service system.
We cburge the Mayor's Board of Public Works
in general with all-round Incompetence and in
particular with the offense of barricading a
stretch of Market street without necessity and
In « puerile fit of. Ill temper at a time when
the city was crowded with visitors from ail
parts of the "United States.- an . offense ¦ thai
gave great scandal < and . damaged the .' good
name , of — San * Francisco. We charge the
Board of . Public ¦ Works farther with wasting
public . money , by hiring atreet-sweeplnc < ma
chines at exorbitant prices when the same ma
chines could be purchased. outright and oper
ated by the Board Of Pobltc Works" at a great
saving. We charge two members -. of the
Mayor' s Police Commission, , namely, 1 Thomas
The convention was called to order
at S:45 o'clock by Chairman J. C. Sims,
who asked for the report of th© com
mittee on order of business, which was
presented by John J. Sweeney, chair
man of the committee. On motion of
Thomas Hickey the report was
adopted. '
Chairman Sydney Van Wyck Jr. of
the committee on contests submitted
the committee findings, which created
considerable stir among the delegates,
as there was severe criticisms in the
document on the methods alleged to
have been adopted in the Forty-third
Assembly District, where political lead
ers, under the management of James
Coffroth, made a vigorous fight for the
Democratic League ticket. Van Wyck
was frequently interrupted by shouts
to "come off" and to "pass the report
tlong, we don't want to- hear it." He
everal times appealed to the chair and
on each occasion was upheld. The
paragraph of the x^port referring to
alleged ballot box stuffing and fraudu
lent voting caused a furor.
"I insist that the chairman of this
committee be heard," shouted Chair
man Sims. "This is part of the busi
ness of this convention and there can
be no motions entertained as long as*
the report is being read." ""*
In the district the contest was made
by, Fred Franzen, Larry Hartnett,
Louis Mehrtens, William J. Hogan,
Joseph P. Hayes, John J. Driscoll,
David B. Torres and George Heggerty
of the organization ticket against the
election of John W. Roach, Thomas
Keenan, Charles Bantel, Patrick Flynn,
P. F. McCarthy and William Bush of
the league ticket, together with Wil
liam Hogan and Joseph P. Hayes.
Hayes and Hogan, therefore, contested
their own election. The polling place
under suspicion was primary election
precinct 103.
Henry Eickhoff contested the election
of Livingston -Jenks, James P.' Quie
ley, D. S. Curran and Thomas Judet.
He held that he should have one whole
vote instead of giving one-fourth of a
vote to each of the four.* ,
The report of the committee was
adopted by a vote of 93 to 72.
Eustace Cullinan,of the Thirty-fourth
District, as chairman of the committee
on platform, read the committee's re
port and made the ears of his listeners
tingle with the sharp criticisms con
tained therein on the conduct of the
present city administration. Many of
the delegates did not .expect such a
severe jab at the Schmrtz regime and
winced notably, as not a few of them
have been more or less Identified with
the Ruef following. The platform,
which was adopted without protest ex
vcept in its recommendations regarjiiner
the appellate court amendment, was as
follows:
We, the representatives and delegates of the
Democratic party of the city and county ot
Kan Francisco. State o£ California, In convent
t!cn assembled thJa 3d day of October, 19W.
hereby adopt the following 1 as the platform
and define - as follows the position and the
principles of the Democratic party of the said
city and ccunty: v
. Kiret — We ratify and affirm the platform
adopted by the national convention of the
Democratic party assembled at St. Louis, Mo.,
en the Sth day of July, 1904. and we pledge
our loyal efforts to bring about the election of
Alton IS. Parker of New York, the Democratic
nominee for the office of President, and" of
Henry O. Davis of West Virginia, the Demo
cratic nominee for the office of Vice President.
Second — We ro before the people of the city*
and ccucty of San Francisco secure of their
confidence In the sincerity -of our declarations
/or clean and | efficient municipal government
and the honesty of our endeavors to realize
it. This confidence, many times attested in
the past by the election of the nominees of
this party, has not been forfeited, but. on the
contrary, has« been maintained and Increased
by the representatives and nominees of the
party now holding public efflces In this city
and county. The Democrats, composing a ma
jority in the present Board of Supervisors, have
legislated wisely and honestly tor the munici
pality ana have gained meritoriously a high
name nnd the good will . of the people for
their stanch loyalty to the charter and civil
"service, for doing always the right and decent
thing an-i for setting- themselves firmly against
corruption and dishonesty In office and out of
office.
ACCUSES CITY OFFICERS.
CONVENTION AT WORK.
As predicted in The Call yesterday
morning, Muraaky, Seawell. White and
Conlan were nominated for the Su
perior bench. Gavin McNab attended
the convention. »
In contrast with this engagement,
other proceedings of the* convention
were quite monotonous. The delegates
heartily indorsed Judge Doollng, the
Democratic nominee for the Supreme
Court, but no cheers or words of com
mendation were given for the Demo
cratic nominees for Congress, W. . J.
Wynn and E. J. Livernash. - . „
Smashes in the face and kicks in the
abdomen enlivened the finish of - tho
Democratic municipal convention at
Pioneer Hall last night. Big Jim
Welch, who holds a Job oh the ' fire
tug of the Ha*rbor Commission, spoke
to Supervisor Sam Braunhart, who was
standing on the floor of the convention
near the platform. The latter did not
reply.—whereupon Welch smashed the
Supervisor on the jaw, the most in
vulnerable section of his anatomy.
The blow staggered Braunhart and
enraged State Senator Joseph" M.
Plunkett. A speedy mlxup resulted.
The Senator landed quickly on Welch's
face, and the latter went to the floor,
where he received considerable pun
ishment about his head and ribs* before
the police could intervene. I
"WASHINGTON, dct. 3.— J. H. Lefftr,
the Haytian Minister to the United
States, said In an interview to-day*:
"Some one In New York Is trying to
mislead the newspapers In giving the
Information contained^ in the Issues of
to-day. It Is said that the three white
men confined in a dungeon In Port au
Prince are the victims of political
schemes and will probably be put to
death unless through publicity the
United States Is induced to take action
In their behalf. The three white mea
are J. de la Myre de Puyboudet. G.
Ohlrlch and R. Tippenhauer. The first
two are Frenchmen and the other Is a
German. ;..;;
"These men confess that they are
only guilty of having received a 'grati
fication' for issuing some Haytian
bonds. De la Myre was a director of
the National Bank of Hayti and the
others were employed at the same bank
when the bonds were lsued. It was the
duty of the bank to Issue the bonds.
The American people will surely call
bribery what the guilty parties call
'gratification,' or commission.
"In a few days the parties will be
brought to trial before a criminal court
and Jury. The trial will be public. Any
one may be present and ascertain
whether the proceedings are fair or
not." \
Special Dt3p*tc!i to Th« OUt
Fifty thousand people massed in
front of the City Hall and adjacent
ways and many cases of- fainting
women were noted. Police ambulances
carried nineteen persons from the
crush to their homes and others were
cared for in the City Hall.
Thirty-five thousand people passed
through the City Hall and viewed the
body between 4:30 and 9:30 to-night.
The four hours allotted for this cere
mony proved inadequate and an ex
tension of an hour was made.
Rev, Dr. Hale, who was the first?
pastor of the Church of the Unity, and
Rev. Rush R. Shippen, the second pas
tor, now of Brockton, Mass., officiated
at the church. Dr. Hale delivered the
eulogy. At the conclusion of the serv
ice the body was conveyed to the City,
Hall, where it will lie in state. To
morrow the remains will be taken to_
Concord for burial.
"WORCESTER, Mass., Oct. 3. — The
city of Worcester to-day bowed be
side the body of her foremost citizen,
George Frisbte Hoar, while the State
of Massachusetts, and in a large meas
ure the nation, sympathized with the
municipality In her grief. .
Rev. Dr. Edward Everett Hale,
chaplain of the United States Senate
and lifelong friend of Senator
conducted prayers at the home Just
before 2 o'clock. Only members of
the immediate household ai>d a few
neighbors attended this serWce. The
body was then placed in the hearse
by the active pallbearers, all the pres
ent or past secretaries of the Senator,
and the honorary pallbearers, Senator
Henry Cabot Lodge, T. Jefferson
Ccolidge, Charles Francis Adams, At
torney General William H. Moody, for
mer Governor Murray Crane, General
William F. Draper, Judge Francis C.
Lowell of Boston, Colonel George H.
Lyman of Boston, Stephen Salisbury,
Henry A. Marsh, Dr. G. Stanley Hall
and William E. Rice of Worcester.
The active bearers and the family es
corted the remains to the Church of
the Unity.
The militia force of the city,, four
companies of infantry and a battery
of light artillery under arms were sta
tioned in the streets to aid the police
in handling the greatest crowd ever
seen in the city. As the hearse passed,
I every man bared his head and many
sobbed.
The capacity of the church is 600,
and it was necessary to limit 4he at
tendance to representatives of organ
izations to which the Senator belonged
and to one person for each municipal
ity. The city of Worcester had its
Mayor for Its only official representa
tive at the service. The delegation
from the United States Senate and
House of Representatives and the rep
! resentatives of the State of Massachu
j setts filled one-sixth-6f the'seating ca
; pacity.
DESCRIBES CROOKED
WORK OF OFFICIALS
Four Nominations
for Superior /
Judges.
Eulogy Delivered by Rev.
Dr. Hale — Remains to Be
Buried To-Day in Concord
SOLEMN SERVICES -HELD
Says What Imprisoned Bank
ers Call "Gratification" Is
Differently Termed Here
MINISTER LEGER TALKS .
Ex-Speaker Kelly of House
of Delegates of St. Louis
' Is Unable to Stand Pangs
of an Accusing Conscience
Peace- Gomes Only
When Poliee
Arrive.
3Ten Confined in Hayti Said
'to Be Guilty of Bribery
•in the Recent Bond Deal
Loving Nation Joins With
City of Worcester in Its
Grief at Senator's Death
BOODLER
CONFESSES
HIS CRIME
DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION ENDS IN SCRIMMAGE
AD SUPERVISOR BRAUNHART IS KNOCKED DOWN
HONOR IS PAID
HOAR'S MEMORY
NOT VICTIMS
OF SCHEMERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ OQTOBER .4, 190*.
- - NORFOLK, ~ Neb., . Oct." 3.— A c prairi«7flfe
that ) for • several ' days j has . swept ! th* I Rosebud
Reservation ' and portions of : Trip and Gregory
counties. * South * Dakota. . was ' quenched ¦ to-day
by a heavy, rain. The loss has been enormous.
. T*k«" your meals regularly. Take your rest
regularly. : , Take "Old .*, Gilt :• Edse : WhUkey".
regularly and | you can see the world : with ap
proving' ey«?»— and It will approve of you.' • "
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 3. — A row be
tween J. J. Newbegin, Town Recorder
of Mill Valley, and , W. W. Davis
caused a disturbance at the Mill Val
ley depot this evening 1 . Davis accosted
Newbegin and a discussion followed,
which led to blows. P. F. Bostwlck. a
friend of Xhe - belligerents, intervened,
but quickly learned that' peacemakers
come to grief. It is alleged that Da
vis* son threw a brick at Mrs. Newge
gin, hence the Quarrel . between the
husbands*
MIU Valleyites In Fist Ffcrht.
- ; MODESTO. Oct. 3.— A man named.
Steven' Woods was founds dead In ,a
ditchC near . La Grange yesterday.- .He
was a ; laborer, very old and a; heavy
drinker.; ; He -was -last se^n alive Sept.
_2 Zf. ; He fell Into the ditch and was
unable to get out and died. >
Falls Into Ditch and Dies.
3
PR. PIERCTTS 'KEMj^uhss.
CiaUP \ far f \^
The crown of woaaahood m motherhood.
But uneasy lies the head that wears the
crown or anticipates this coronation, when
there is a lack of womanly strength to bear
the burdens of maternal dignity anil duty.
The reason -why so many women sinkjuader
the strain cf motherhood is because they
are tnprepared.
'"I unhesitatingly advise expectant moth-
ers to. use Dr. Pierce 's Favorite Prescrip-
tioa, •writes Mrs. J.W. G. Stephens, of Mila,
Northumberland Co., Va. The reason for
this advice is that Dr. Pierce '3 Favorite Pre-
scription is the best preparative for the
maternal function. No matter bow healthy
aad strong: a woman may be, she cannot
use- "Favorite Prescription* as a prepara-
tive for maternity without gain of health
and comfort. ¦ But it is the women who are
not strong: w &o best appreciate the great
benefits received from the use of "Favorite
Prescription.'' - For ose tiring its use makes
the baby's advent practically painless. It
has ia many cases reduced days of suffer-
ing to a few brief hours. It &as changed
the period of, anxiety aad struggle into a
time of ease and comfort.
The proprietors aad makers of Doctor
Pierce's Favorite Prescription now fed
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 for
any case of Leucorrhea, Female weakness.
Prolapsus, or Falling of Womb, which they
cannot cure. All the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Proprietors, of Buf-
falo, N.Y^'ssk is a fair and reasonable
trial of .their means of cure.
DOAN'S PILLS.
HARD TO COMBAT
Tie EviileiB of Our Sea
What San Francisco People Say
Is Pretty Gooi Proof for Sae
Francisco People. j
When we see it ourselves,
* When our own ears hear it.
When oar neighbors tell it,
Our friends end<yse it.
No better evidence can be had.
It's what people say in Maine,
Or distant mutterings in Califor-
nia.
No deceiving echoes here.
S2n Francisco people talk about
San Francisco people.
Public opinions published for the
public good. «.
There is^no proof like home proof.
Read th'is statement made by a
citizen:
J. Collins, employed in the wholesale
furniture department of the Empo-
rium, residence 2306 Mission . street,
says: "When a man* has pain in his
back every now and then and the
attacks cover a period of over two
years; when he knows that in
some way his kidneys are affected;
when he at last finds a means to at
first check the trouble and then
radically dispose of it, he is only
too pleased to let his friends and
acquaintances who may b»e suffering
similarly know what he employed. I
used Doan's Kidney Pills, and from
the benefit I received I have not the
slightest hesitation in very emphat-
ically indorsing the remedy."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y. f
sole agents for the United States. '
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
EXAMINE, YOUR DENTIFRICE
Acid and grit, deadliest enemies cf the
teeth, sbozzd in cheap dentifrices. Fine ?ct~
fumes" do not make fine dentifrices. Your
tseth deserve better cf you than to be offered
up s sacrifice to your pocketbook.
SOZODONT
is of proven vshie. Sixty years is a pretty
good test. . No acid, no grit in Sozodont.
The Liquid penetrates the little crevices and
purifies them; the Powder fives a bright
snd polished surface. '
4 FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER. PASTS."Don't, put off the sure, thing of to-day
for the uncertainty of to-morrow.
TfiVParalso Springs ar* always open. •
Pullman Company Resumes.'
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— The : Pullman
Company resumed work In Its manu
facturing department to-day, Tputtlng
a; small force lot .men, at, work. Those
employed 'were required to sign; an ap
plication'- promising ,? to obey the rules
of the company. 1 {®JH«8iB§f5BKE'- r "
To Hare and to Hold.
. It fs Just as-easy to have money as to
be- without it,- and the .possession of it
means independence. ' If, you are j work
ing for salary or wages and you should
suddenly lose your it is very
nice to be able to turn to your savings
account. If you are ill, or , incapacitated
for work it is also well ; to have some
thing set aside.. If you expect ever to
amount to anything in', the world you
muit ;, accumulate . money/ and j the ""only
.way to do that is to save. '-• You can open
a savings account' with the Phoenix Sav
lngB, B: and L. Assn. 516 ¦ California
street, with $1. Interest, 4% per cent
compounded semi-annually.- On term ac'
counts 6 per. cent is paid, payable semi
annually. Paid-up capital, $1,250 000 r
guarantee capital, $200,000. , The direc
tors are: A.' A. .Watkins, Charles R:BlBh
op. 'Georgre.'C. Boardman, 'S. - Prentiss
8mith,> Gavin ; McNab.~ Charles 'E.;- Ladd •
Clarence Grange,' managing; director. • '
FIGHT AT CONFERENCE.
Yankee Usher Resents Snub and
Trounces British Delegate.
BOSTON, \ Oct.*-3.— W. V R. Cremer,
M. P., British delegate, to the Inter
national V Peace - Conference, nearly
turned the conference into" a "rough
house" this afternoon:.- Only, local
delegates were allowed on the plat
form, but Cremer started for there.
The usher courteously '; stopped him
and was snubbed "and Jostled.
Then -' the ' usher turned loose and
rushed the Briton; toward the door.
An uproar followed among the Brit
ish delegates and hot words ensued.
Finally, when Cremer's collar was
ripped, his dignity shattered and
he was a general wreck, officials
stored order. •
,The Yankee. usher refused to apolo
gize. Cremer* will " seek amends. :
Flre Destroys Russian Village.
ST. PETERSBURG,' Oct.* 4. 6:25
a. m.— The village : of Glousk, In
Southern Russia, has been wiped out
by flre. Five hundred families are
without shelter or food, and an ap
peal has been made to St. Petersburg
for immediate help.
No Warship at Shanghai.
PARIS, Oct. 4. — The Matin's corre
spondent at Shanghai telegraphs a de
nial of the report that a Russian .war
ship has arrived there.
Broken Axle Wrecks Automobile.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— A broken axle
to-day frustrated the third attempt on
the part of Bert Holcomb to lower the
automobile record between Chicago
and New York. Thirty-two miles out
of Chicago an axle snapped in two and
the vehicle was overturned. The car
was wrecked, but the occupants es
caped Injury. • ., .
Japan's AVar Footing.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— -Explaining the
details of the new Japanese military
regulations, the Times' correspondent
at Tokio says it will ultimately make
the total war strength of the army ex
ceed 1,000,000.
Orel Not Damaged.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 3.— The re
cent report that ' the battleship Orel
was damaged' turns out. to be untrue.
She touched a sandbar, but got . off
under her own steam. The Admiralty
says that |iot even a plate was In
jured.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
-SALT LAKE, Oct. 3.— President Jo
seph F. Smith of the Mormon church
has made an address to the Mormons
of Washington County that has caused
a sensation among the Gentiles of the
State. The address was delivered at
the regular conference of the St'.
George Stake. President Smith, An
thony H. Lund, one of his counselors,
and Apostle Hyrum M. Smith, . Presi
dent Smith's Bon, went from Salt' Lake
to attend the conference. In his ad
dress President Smith spoke of the op
position the Mormon church has met
with from. members of other churches.
He compared Utah with Judea, where,
he said, the same general conditions
existed. In counseling the Mormons
as to their temporal affairs, he said:
"The Gentiles are coming among' us to
buy homes and land. We should not
sell to them nor aid them, as they are
the enemies of the kingdom of God. I
have never sought to be a vast land
owr^er, but I have -never sold an inch
of ground to an enemy of God's work."
President Smith offers an explana
tion of his statement by saying he
learned, many of the Mormons were
movfng away and he advised them to
remain and "not to sell out their homes
and lands to their enemies."
St. George is more, than,. one ' hun
dred miles from . the railroad and . the
population of the region' surrounding
It is almost entirely - Mormon. It has
been claimed for some time past that
Mormon leaders were making addresses
in remote portions - of the State, along
the lines : followed ; by President Smith
in his speech at St.- George. The Mor
mon question- has become \ more acute
than for years . past, because of vthe
Smoot case and the formation ; of an
anti-church party : In . the . State. . ;..
Report Proves a Hoax.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 4.— An Investiga
tion shows that there -is no Russian
man of war at Gufzlaff Island in
Henpchau Bay or in these waters. The
report that the* Russian armored
crulser'Bayan had anchored off Gutz
laff Island is a hoax.
President of Latter Day
Saints Makes Sensational
Speech During Conference
The Nljnl Novgorod was reported
to have passed the Bosphorus on Sep
tember 26, carrying, It • was said,
1000 soldiers to relieve the Russian
garrison at Crete. These soldiers, it
was added, the Nijni Novgorod would
convey to Port Said, where they would
await orders.
Family of Official Summoned to Bed
side, Death Being Expected, but
Patient Suddenly Rallied.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.— Late to
night the family of Postmaster General
Payne .was summoned to his bedside.
The end was expected at any moment,
but to the surprise of the doctors the
patient rallied. At 2:35 It was an
nounced that the Postmaster General
had rallied suddenly and exclaimed
"Hello" to those about him. Milk then
was given him to drink. -Dr. Magruder
asked the patient how he was feeling
and he replied "First rate."
! At 2:50 Dr. Magruder said that
Paynels respiration was better" and
more regular than It has been In the
past twenty-four hours and that If the
improvement kept' up, he probably
would last through the night and that
a consultation could'probably be held
In the morning. Drs. Grayson and Ma
gruder said that the fluid which had
been Injected into Payne at midnight,
when the sinking spell began, is now
absorbed. and that the effect is shown
by the improved respiration and pulse.
It was added that this is not an indi
cation of recovery, but that the patient
might last until morning. This fluid is
a fluid that was given to him and to
which at first he failed to respond. It
was after this failure to respond that
it was announced that further admin
istration of stimulants would not avail.
Russian Vessel Carries 1000 Men for
Garrison at Crete.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 3.— The
Russian volunteer fleet steamer Nijni
Novgorod has passed the Bosphorus,
homeward-bound.
RELIEF FOR SOLDIERS.
PAYNE MAKING GALLANT
FIGHT AGAINST REAPER
Officers.
WORSHIP KUROPATKJX^'f^*
Russian General Is Idol of Men and
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 3. — Nemi
rovich Danchenko, the Russian war
correspondent, was recently received
by General Kuropatkin at Mukd^en.
He telegraphs that the commander is
looking hale and hearty and that his
words breathe unruffled confidence.
Kuropatkin is worshiped by the sol
diers and enjoys the unbounded con
fidence ot the officers whom he cheers
and invigorates by example into un
ceasing activity. To the younger offi
cers he says const' atly:
"Be patient. We are sure to win.
The enemy must and shall be van
quished. Till then help one another.
Be vigilant. Remember that war is
the time to learn. 'So take your les
sons to heart."
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 3.—Am
brose Hunt and wife, one of the oldest
pioneer couples of this section, had a
miraculous escape from death at a
Southern Pacific ¦ Railroad crossing
near this city yesterday afternoon, the
horse they were driving to a surrey
being torn from the vehicle by a pass
ing train. The old couple have been
living near the crossing for years and
knew its danger, the view of the track
being obstructed by a high bank and
trees, but they thought they were.-safe,
when a train came rushing down "the
grade at great speed.
The vehicle and its occupants were
enevloped in a cloud of dust, Mr. and
Airs. Hunt were bewildered by the roar
and the suddenness of the onslaught,
and when the dust cleared away he
saw that the jolt they had felt had
been caused when the train \ yanked
the horse and shafts out of the surrey,
leaving the occupants sitting dum
founded in a horseless carriage, in the
middle of the road.
The mangled remains of the horse
and parts of the harness and shafts
were found some distance down the
track, where they had been hurled by
,ihe rushing train, but the only injury
received by either of the old couple,
besides the nervous shock, Was a
bruised wrist by Hunt, his arm being
struck, he believes, by a projection
from one of the cars.
American Deserts Orient Because Cen
sorship Is Too GreaU
Among the 150 cabin passengers of
the Mongolia is Major L. L. Seaman,
formerly a surgeon in the United
States Engineers, but for the last two
years has been visiting the hospitals of
Japan and making a study of the or
ganization of the medical and surgical
departments of the Japanese armies in
the field. While in Japan he was giv
en every opportunity to inspect the
hospitals, where 25,000 wounded Jap
anese and Russian soldiers are being
nursed back to health, by the most
modern , methods,"' of me,dical science,
hut he. was forbidden, to go to the
front, or to leave Japan for Asia, One
day he slipped away without permis
sion and saw a little actual warfare in
Newchwang and other ' places «where
the opposing armies slaughtered each
other. -Major Seaman said:
In their naval and military, medical.', tur
gleal and sanitary organization, the Japan«i>e
astonish the world. They have learned what
we have not succeeded In doing — to tiffin »n"i
defeat disease, which you know kills far
mure eoldlem than the bullet. They educate"
their doctors, not In America and Europe, but
In their own^colleifes, and Japanese bacteri
ologists schooled In Japan have discovered the
Kerm of dysentery, diphtheria, plague a.-.d
fever. Before the war began they had made
microscopical and chemical examinations of
every stream and water hole in Manchuria,
and no Japanese force is ever quartered where
the water did not come up to the highest
standard of purity. They can give, the world
pointers in many things and the world would
do well to eo over to Japan and learn a few
things. •
Major Seaman made five attempts to
.get into Port Arthur and after being
wrecked on the coast gave it up and
came back to Japan, where the Japan
ese officials were not over much
pleased because of his unceremonious
going away. He is due to attend the
Military and Naval Medical Conven
tion in St. Louis October 10. '
+ . L
WANTS STATE
FOR MORMONS
SEA3IAX LEAVES JAPAN.
Train Grinds Animal and
Harness to Pieces, but Ve
hicle and Occupants Escape
•lapnn to Issue Third War Ixmn.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— The Standard's
Toklo. correspondent reports that at a
conference of bankers it was decided to
issue immediately a third domestic war
loan of $40,000,000, completing the loans
for the current fiscal year.
LITTERED WITH DEAD.-;
Terrific Effect of Russian Machine
Guns and Shells.
CHEFU, Oct. S.-r-Chinese who left
Pert Arthur October 1 and who were
previously engaged in burying the
dtad say the effect of Russian
shells and machine guns Is terrific. The
slopes of a high hill were littered
with mangled bodies and severed
hfads and limbs. In one trench the
Chinese, buried "400 Japanese and 200
Russians. . - : ¦ - ¦
While It Is true. that the regular wa
ter guppiy of Port' Arthur has been
stopped by the Japanese, the fortress
has other supplies which can be taken
only when the city falls. The garri
son of Port Arthur now has sufficient*
food, but the supplies of tinnod meats
are. nearly exhausted and ' the troops
are now slaughtering thirty donkeys
daily for fresh meat, which is worth
Jl 20 per pound. Eggs cost 20 cents
each. .... — _ .-
TEARS HORSE
FROM SHAFTS
NEW CHIEF IX SIGHT.
Kuropatkfn May B* Relieved by
Grand Duke Nicholas.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. S. — Em
peror Nicholas returned to SU Peters
burg to-day from the south. It Is re
ported on very high authority that
the appointment of a commander in
chief will be announced within forty
eight hdurs. While General Kuropat
kin"* friends still insist that he will be
appointed members of the Emperor's
entourage express no doubt that
Grand Duke Nicholas Nicholaievitch
will be chosen.
The official advices from the front
to-day report that all is quiet along
the whole line of opposing armies. A
slight Jaoanese movement has bsen
observed at Fengtiapu. about sixteen
mike southeast of Mukden, but there
has been no collision. The War Of
fice apparently does not anticipate
any fighting on a large scale in the
immediate future.
The principal cause of alarm at the
War Office is occasioned by the lack
of definite information regarding the
exact whereabouts of Field Marshal
Oyama's right. The Russian scouts
have lost touch with General Kuroki'F
main army, which may give increasing
importance to the flanking west under
General Oku. which hitherto has been
regarded as a feint for the real turn
ing movement to strike at General
Kuropatkin's line of communication
from the east. It also may contain the
potentialities of a big surprise.
Ten days apo Kuropatkin and the
War Office were convinced that the
Japanese were concentrating at Slans
chan and that an immediate advance
was Imminent in force. Accordingly
the Russians fell back from the passes
of the Da Mountain range without of
fering resistance. But after several
days they suddenly- discovered that
the Japanese were .not pressing for
n-ard and thereupon the , Russian
srout? pushed out to ascertain the
cause. They penetrated as far as
Sianschan and Slaodyr, bringing back
in* startling intelligence that not
mor<< than- a brigade of Japanese
troops *vas there. This forthwith
was followed up by an important cav
alry movement and the reoccupation
of the Da range passeR, but Kuroki's
main body was not located.
»
COMMISSION ADJOURNS.
Russian War Body Satisfied With Re
!>orts I-Yom Port Arthur.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 4, 1:20
a. m. — The war commission adjourned
to-night without Is5uinff further news
fYom the front. An Associated Press
dispatch from Mukden, filed there at
TO: 30 o'clock to-night, states merely
that all is quiet there. There is in
tense interest here in developments at
EDINBURGH, Scotland, Oct. 3.+-Pre
tnler Balfour opened the autumn'cam
paign here to-night as the guest 'of the
Conservative-Club., In replying to the'
toast "Our Quest," Balfour said that
as this was his flrst speech of the au
tumn campaign he desired to be ex
plicit'on one or two essential points.'
In the flrst place,- he said. _t he leader of
the ' Irish party had given wide cur
rency In America to the view that in
the next Parliament the Irish members
'would hold the balance of power. So
far as the Unionists were concerned;
no bargaining would occur. The Union
ists were not for sale. „- , . '
Regarding the fiscal policy, Balfour
said he had nothing to alter in what
is known as the Sheffield policy. He
saW, he was no protectionist; he was
one of those' who thought protection
was not the best policy under existing
circumstances. It was not a policy
that he recommended directly or indi
rectly, either to his colleagues or to the
country, and he did not think he/ could
remain the leader of his party if pro
ection were adopted.
Whether; Mr. Chamberlain's estimate
of colonial opinion was right "or wrong,
Balfour entirely agreed with Chamber
lain that a point had been reached
where the "only way out was to have a
free conference with the self-govern
ing colonies and India. . > :
BOSTON, Oct. 3.— Secretary 6l State
John Hay, -representing the. United
States of America, snoke the yvord of
welcome this afternoon to the dele
gates to the International Peace Con
gress, who have assembled 'here for the
thirteenth annual convention.
: The meeting was held in Tremont
Temple. Edwin D. Mead, chairman of
the committee on organization of tho
Peace Congress, after calling the meet
ine to order, spoke briefly. Mayor Col
11ns "said that no word of his "was nec
essary to 'welcome peac§ delegates .to
Boston, for Boston was the home of
peace. ' He said if he were to para
phrase .a Bible text to suit- the occa
sion it would be this: "Blessed are the
peacemakers, for they, shall see God;
damned be the warmakers, for they
shall see the devil." -
Right Rev. John Percival, Bishop of
Hereford, said that the European na
tions looked to the United States to
lead in the movement for -peace; that
the presence of Secretary of State Hay
in . itself gave a new character to the
gathering. "Our hope for peace," the
speaker said, "is fixed upon the policy
of the United States in the years to
come." Mr.. Lund of the Norwegian
Parliament presented the greetings of
his country. Secretary Hay spoke as
follows:
I esteem It a great honor and privilege to
be allowed to extend to you the welcome of
the Government and the people of the United
States of America on this memorable • and
auspicious occasion. No time could be mor;
fitting: for this gathering of a parliament of
peace than to-day, whei: at the other end of
the world the thunder of a destructive and san
guinary war is deafening the nations, while
here we are preparing to settle the question of
a vast transfer of power by an appeal to
reason and orderly procedure, under the sanc
tion of a law implicitly accepted by eighty
millions of people. No place could be more
suitable than this high-hearted city, which
has been for nearly 300 years the birthplace
and the home of every idea of progress and
enlightenment which has germinated In the
Western world. To bid you welcome to the
home of Vane, of Wlnthrop and of Adams, of
Channinir and Emerson, is to give you 'the
freedom of no mean city, to make you par
takers of a spiritual Inheritance without which,
with all our opulence, we should be poor
Indeed.
It is true -that this great commonwealth
has sought, with the sword, peace under liberty.
We confess that many wars have left their
traces in . the pages of Its history and Its
literature: art has adorned the public plaees
of this stately town with the statues of Its
heroic sons. But the dominant note of its
highest culture, its most persistent spirit, has
been that righteousness which exalteth a na
tion, that obedience to the Inner light which
leads along the paths of peace.
GREATEST MEN FOR PEACE.
. And the policy of the nation at large, which
owes so much of its civic spirit to the found
ers of New England, has been In the main'
a policy of peace. During the hundred and
twenty years of our Independent existence we
have had but three wars with the outside
world, though we .have had a most grievous
and dolorous struggle with our own people.
We baye had, I think, a greater relative im
munity from war than any of our neighbors.
All our greatest men have been earnest ad
vocates of peaoe. The very men who founded
our liberties with the mailed hand detested
and abhorred war as the most futile ar.d fe
rocious of human follies. Franklin and Jeffer
son repeatedly denounced It— the one with all
the energy of his rhetoric, the other with the
lambent flre of his wit. - •
But not our philosophers alone — our fight
ins men have seen at close quarters how
hideous Is the face of war. Washington said,
"My first wish Is to see this plague to man
kind banished from the earth"; and again he
said, "We have experienced enough of Us
evils in this country to know that it should
not be wantonly or unnecessarily entered
upon." There Is no discordant note In the
utterances of our most eminent soldiers on
this subject. The most famous utterance of
General Grant — the one which will linger long
est In the memories of men — was the prayer
of his war-weary heart, "Let us have peace."
Sherman reached the acme of his marvelous
gift of epigram when he said "War is hell."
And Abraham Lincoln, after the four terrible
years In which he had directed our vast armies
and navies, uttered on the threshold of eter- ,
nlty the fervent and touching aspiration that
"the/ mighty scourge of war might speedily
pass away." \
•WORK *OP ROOSEVELT.
There has been continuity in the sentiments
of our Presidents on this subject up to this
¦lay. McKlnley deplored } with every pulse of
his honest and kindly heart the advent of
the war' which he had hoped might not come
In his day, and gladly hailed the earliest mo
ment for making peaoe; and President Roose
velt has the same Ureters energy In the work
of concord that he displayed when • he sought
peace and Insured It on th« field of battle.
No Presidents in our history have been so
faithful and so efficient as the last two In the
cause of arbitration and of every peaceful
nettlem«nt of differences. I mention them to
gether because their work has been harmo
nious and consistent. We hailed with Joy the
generous initiative of the Russian Emperor and
sent to the. conference at The Hague the best
men we ¦ had in our civic and military llf «.
When The Hague court lay apparently wrecked
at the beginning of Its voyage, threatened with
death before It had fairly - begun to live, It
was the American Government, which gave it
the breath of life by inviting: 'the republic of
Mexico to share our appeal to Its jurisdic
tion; and the second case brought before It
was at the Instance of Mr. Roosevelt, who de
clined In Its favor the high honor of arbitrat
ing an affair of world-wide importance.
I bee you to believe it - is not by way of
boasting that I recall these Incidents to your
minds; It is rather as a profession of faith
In a cause which th« present administration
has deeply at heart that I. ask you to remem
ber. In the deliberations upon which you are
entering, the | course to which the American
Government Is pledged and which it has stead
ily pursued for the last seven years. It is
true that in those years we have had a hun
dred days of war — but they put an end forever
to bloodshed which had lasted a generation.
We landed a few platoons of marines on the
Isthmus last year; but that act closed with
out a shot a sanguinary succession of trivial
wars. We marched a little army to Peking;
but it was to save not only the beleaguered le
gations, but a great imperiled civilization. By
mingled gentleness and energy, to which moat
of the world beyond our border* has done Jus
tice, we have given to the Philippines, if not
peace, at least a nearer approach to it than
they have had within the memory of men.
. If our example is worth - anything . to the
world, we have given It In the vital matter of
dlnarmarrKmt. We have brought away from
the Far East 55,000 soldiers whose work was
don«. and have «ent them back to the fields
of peaceful activity. We nave reduced our
army to its minimum of 60,000 men; In fact,
we may «ay we have no army, but In place
of one a nucleus for drill and discipline. We
.have three-fourths of one soldier for every thou
sand of the j population — a proportion ¦ which If
adopted by the other powers would at once
eliminate wars and rumors of wars from the
dally thoughts of the chanceries of the world.'
PREVALENCE OP WAR SPIRIT.
But fixed as our tradition is, clear as Is our
purpose In the direction of peace, no country
is permanently immune to war so long as the
desire : and I the practice I of peace are not uni
versal. .If we quote Washington as an advo
cate of 'peace. It Is but fair also to quote him
where he says: : "To be prepared for war Is
one of the most effectual means of preserving
peace." And at another time be said: "To
an active external ' commerce the protection of
a naval force . Is indispensable.- To secure re
spect-to a*' neutral flag requires a naval force
organized and ready to vtndlcate It from Insult
or . aggression." To acknowledge the existence
of 'an evil is not to support or approve it; but
the . facts • must be - faced. Human history Is
one .lone . desolate story . of bloodshed. - Ail - the
arts ¦ unite in . the apparent . conspiracy - to , give
precedence to the • glory of arms. Demos
thenes and Pericles adjured the Athenians by
tbe memory., of their > battles. Horace boasted
that he '« had ; been a . soldier,- non : sine - gloria.
Even-: Milton, In that sublime sonnet where
ho said "Peace hath her victories no less than
those of war," also : mentioned among godly
trophies of Cromwell "Darwent'n stream \ with
blood < of • Scots ; imbued." '.- In almost every - ser
mon land -hymn we hear in our churches,' the
imagery., of war i and , battle Is . used.' . w« , arc
charged to fight : . the good fight of ; . faith ; : we
are » to sail through > bloody '. seas - to win 'I the
pri««.-tThe Christian soldier Is constantly,mar
shaled . . to ¦ war. % , Not t only . In ,' our < habits and
customs, but In, our dally sjx^ch and In our
Inmost thoughts* we are beset ¦ by the * obsession
of, conflict ' and mutual i destruction." ¦: It - is ¦ like
the la* of sin In the members to wh<ch the
greatest of the Apostles refers: "Who shall
deliver "ub from the body of .this death T'
I am speaking to jthos* who wcognl** the
lamentable state of things and who yet do
not accept it, or submit to it. and who hop?
that through. the shadow of this night we shall
sweep Into a younger day.> How is this great
deliverance to be accomplished?
RELIGION FURNISHES REMEDY.
We have all recently read that wonderful
sermon on war by Count Tolstoi, in which a
spirit of marvtloua lucidity and fire, abso
lutely detached from geographical or political
conditions, speaks the Word as it has been
given him to speak- It; and as- no other living
man could : have done. . As you read, with an
aching heart, his terrible arraignment of war.
fe-ling that as a man you are partly respon
sible -for all human atrocities, you wait with
impatience for the remedy he ahall propose.
and you find it is— religion. Yes, that is the
remedy. If. all would do right, nobody would
dp wrong— nothing is plainer. It is a counsel
of perfection, satisfactory to prophets and
saints, to bo reached In Gods good time. But
you are here to consult together to see whether
the Kenerstion now alive -may not do some
thing .to hasten the coming of the acceptable
day. the appearance on earth of the beatific
vision. If we can not at once make peaoe and
good, will the universal rule and practice of
nations, what can we do to approximate this
condition? What measures can we now take
which may lead us at least a little distance
toward the wished-for goal?
I have not come to advise your 1 have no
such ambitious pretensions. I do not even
aspire to take part in your deliberation. But I
arn authorised to assure you that the American
Government extends to you a cordial and
sympathetic welcome.- and shares to th» ut
most the spirit and purpose In which you
have met. The President, no long as he
remains In powtr. has no thought of depart
ing from The traditions bequeathed us by the
great soldiers and statesmen of our early
history, which have been strictly followed
during the la*t seven years. We shall con
tinue to advocate and to carry f Into effect.
as far as practicable, the principle of the
arbitration of. such questions as may not be
settled through diplomatic negotiations. We
have already done much In this direction;
we shall hope to do much more. The Presi
dent Is now considering the negotiation of
treaties of arbitration with such ot the Eu
ropean powers as desire them, and hopes to
lay them tefore the Senate next winter. And
finally the President has, only a few days
ago, promised. In response to the request of
the Interparliamentary Union, to Invite the
rations to a second conference at The Hague
to continue the beneficent work of the con
ference of 1800. " «,r»\v
As if heaven had decided to give a sign
of deepest significance to the hour of your
meeting, it coincides with the commitment to
eternal p*ac« of all that was mortal of our
dear and honored co-laborer In this sacred
cause. George Frisbie Hoar had many titles
to glory and .honor. Not the least of them
was the firm and constant courage with which
through all his Illustrious life he pleaded for
humanity fend universal good will. "
STEPS TO BE UNDERTAKEN.
Unhappily we cannot foresee In the Imme
diate future the occasion of wars upon the
earth. IVe ought therefore to labor con
stantly for the mitigation of the horrors of
war. especially to do what we can to lessen
/he sufferinr* of those who have no part in
the strus-rfe. Thla has been one of the most
warmly cherished wishes of the last two ad
ministrations. I make no apolcgy for reading
you a paragraph from the message which
President Roosevelt «ent to Congress last De
cember:
-There seems good ground for the belief
that there has been a real growth among
the civilized nations of a sentiment which will
permit a. gradual substitution of other meth
ods than the method of war In the settlement
of disputes. It Is not Dretended that as y«t
we are near a position In which It will be
possible wholly to prevent war, or that a
just regard for. national Interest and honor
will in all cases permit of the • aettlement of
international disputes by arbitration; but by
a mixture of prudence and firmness with wis
dom -we think It U pcsslble to do away with
much of the provocation and excuse for war,
and at least In many cases to substitute some
sother and more rational method for the set
tlement of disputes. The Hague Court offers
so good an examole of- what can be done In
the direction of such settlement that It should
be encouraged In every way.
"Further ste;ia- should be taken. In Presi
dent McKinley's annual message of Decem
ber 5, I8»s. he made the following recom
mendation: • •
"'The experiences of the last year bring
forcibly home to us a sense of the burdens
and the waste of war. We desire, in common
with most civilised nations, to reduce to the
lowest possible point the damage ' sustained in
time of war by peaceable trade and com
merce.- It l.i true we may suffer In such
cases less than other communities, but ajj
nations are damaged more or less by the state
o( uneasiness and apprehension Into which an
outbreak of hostilities throws the entire com
mercial world. It should be our object, there
fore, to minimize, so far as practicable, this
inevitable loss and disturbance. This pur
pose can probably best be accomplished by an
international agreement to remrd all private
property at sea as exempt from capture or
detraction by the forces of belligerent powers.
The United States Government has for many
years advocated this humane and. beneficent
principle, and Is now In a position to recom
mend It to other powers without the Impu
tation of selfish motives. I therefore suggest
for your consideration that the Executive be
authorized to correspond with the governments
of the principal maritime powers with a view
of Incorporating into the permanent law of
civilized nations the principle of the exemp
tion of all private property at^«ea. not contra
band of war. . from capture or destruction by
belligerent powers.' "
AWAITING END OP STRIFE.
The President urged this beneficent scheme
with an earnestness which gained the willing
attention of Congress, already predisposed to It
in spirit, and on tbe 28th of April of this year
he was able to approve a Joint resolution of
both Houses recommending that the "Presi
dent endeavor to bring about an understanding
among the principal maritime powers with a
view of Incorporating Into the permanent law
of civilised' nations the principle of the ex
emption of all private property at sea. not
contraband of war. from capture or destruc
tion by belligerents."
It has not been thought advisable by the
Prenident during the past summer to call the
attention of the powers to a project which
would necessarily be regarded by two of them,
and po»eibly by others, with reference to Us
bearing upon the deplorable conflict now ras
ing in the Far East. But as we earnestly
pray that the return of peace may not be
long delayed between- the two nations, to both
of which we are bound by bo many historic
ties, we may confidently look forward at no
distant day ¦ to inTltlng the attention of the
nations to this matter and we hope we may
have the powerful Influence - of this great or
ganization In gaining: their adherence.
The time allotted to me Is at an end. I can
only bid you grodspeed In your work. The
task you have set yourselves, the purpose to
which you are devoted> have own the praise
of earth and the blessing of heaven since the
morning , ot time. The noblest of all the
beatitudes I* the consecration promised the
peacemakers. Even If In our time we may
not win the wreath of olive; even tf we may
not hear the tolden clamor of the trumpets
celebrating the reign of universal and en
during peace, it is something to have desired
It, to have worked for it In the measure of
our forces. And If you now reap no visible
guerdon of your labors the peace of God that
p&sses understanding will be your all-suffi
cient reward. »-":•;"
Does Not Believe He Could
Remain Leader of Party
If Policy Were Adopted
LONDON, Oct. 4.— The Daily Tele
graph's Nagasaki correspondent. ca~
bling under date of September 25, says:
"Terrible artillery conflicts are add
ing to the horror* of the situation at
Port Arthur. On September 22 and 23
the Russians made portie« against posi
tions held by the Kanakawa Regiment,
and desperate fighting ensued. The
Japanese force -was practically annihi
lated, only one non-commissioned offi
cer and eleven men remaining alive out
of the 4900 vrho went into the engage
ment.
"The Japanese tunnel Into Port Ar
thur was completed on September 24,
and was immediately used. The result
is unknown."
CHBFU, Oct. 3, 8:60 p. m.—A pri
vate letter received to-dav,.frorn Port
Arthur, dated September 23, gives
further details 'of the fighting from
September 19 to September 22. The at-,
tack began with a heavy bombardment
directed against nearly all the Russian
outposts and many of the main forts.
The shelling of the redoubts protect
ing the water supply of Port Arthur
was tremendous. Nightfall September
19 found the water works redoubtSjrt
duced to mere heaps of debris. . *The
garrisons of the redoubts thereupon
retreated safely to the main fortifica
tions under the cover of darkness.
At 4 o'clock the same afternoon the
Japanese assault on "High Hill" began.
The Japanese plan of attack never
varied. First a bombardment and then
an assault and, when repulsed, a bom
bardment again and then another as
sault. The desperate determination of
the Japanese to capture this position
amounted to fanaticism, 'their efforts
never ceasing during four days. One
battalion of Japanese, having retreated
into a valley, were exposed to the Rus
sian shrapnel flre and were almost an
nihilated. .
Eventually the Japanese succeeded in
placing one field gun and two machine
guns in position behind hastily made
barriers. Their tenure of the position,
owing to the flre of the inner forts,
was very insecure, and when Lieuten
ant Poggorsky and the volunteers
charged the tide turned agalrist! them.
One battalion, composed or the rem
nants of two companies, was annihi
lated in trenches which they refused to
desert. Another detachment was driven
into the Russian entanglements, where
Captain Sychaff's force was waiting,
and completed its rout Two other at
tempts made by the Japanese to retake
the positions failed.
NOT A "PROTECTIONIST
Czar's Soldiers Regain Posi
tions After Fierce Fight
With Mikado's Troops.
Dreadful Loss of i Life Fol
lows Attempts to Re
take "Hi'gh Hill."
GIVES. PRAISE TO GOD.
Stoessel Issues Proclamation After i
Defeat of Japanese.
: CHEFU, Oct. 3. — An official re
port from General Stoeasel, dated
September 2 3, reached Chef u to-day
confirming a previous report of the re
pulse of the Japanese attack at Port
Arthur, Which began- September 19
and ended September 22. .The flghtlnjf
was of an extremely severe character.
The Japanese having retired, Gen
erall Stoessel issued the following
proclamation: "Glory! Thanks to
God! Glory to our heroic garrison!
Glory to Illman. 8ychaff and Poggor
sky! — heroes all. Thanks to our
valiant volunteers, who routed the
enemy from the trenches, destroying
them. God has permitted us to re
pulse the enemy. Praise to God."
The volunteers referred to by Gen
eral Stoessel were made up of regulars
called upon to take a high hill which
had been captured by the Japanese.
The high hill mentioned. was a very
important position to the Russians.
The Japanese attacked repeatedly, day
and night, finally occupying the posi
tion on the night of September 22,
after suffering very severe losses. The
attempt to retake the hill being ex
tremely hazardous, General Stoessel
refused to issue the order, but called
for volunteers. Everybody called
upon responded, whereupon a requi
site number of men were selected,
Lieutenant Poggorsky ajid Captain
Sychaft* leading them. Soldiers and
officers alike carried grenades'(explo
sive shells, weighing from two to six
pound*, which are thrown by hand),
and with these they attacked the
Japanese temporary fortifications and
drove the latter from all of their po
sitions. Several mines were exploded
during the general battle, causing se
vere losses. The Russians calculate
that the total Japanese losses for the
four days' fighting reach 20,000 men.
Premier Favors Conference
With the Self -Governing
Colonies of the Empire
Secretary of State Agrees With
Tolstoi Thatt Religion Is
Remedy for War.
Little Brown Men Fall Be
fore Fire of.Eussian
Artillerymen.
Fire of the Muscovites Mows
Down Charging Fighters
of Japan.
Mukden, but the public and apparent
ly the authorities also are utterly In
the. dark as to what is transpiring. The
little news received from Port Arthur
comes Irom. abroad,, but .that little Is
satisfactory, Inasmuch as It records
a : further repulse of the Japanese at
tacks. ¦•--.. ¦' . • ¦ •.„¦-• • .-. ...
HAY CREETS DELEGATES WHO
TO LABOR FOR PEACE
BALFOUR GIVES
HIS POSITION
ENTIRE JAPANESE REGIMENT ANNIHILATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; OCTOBER 4; 1904.
4
3IGOEADAGKE
, _ ¦ ' " * — I Ptesitivelr c«red by
O A PTC DC these Li" 1 ** * ills «
¦RSB3 !*.»• m trcss froai Dys^P 5^ Ic -
Rj||* I lYLE digestion and Too Hearty
tM I \/ P ft Bating, A perfect rem-
ej- JLYm m «% edy lor Dizziness. Nausea,
Ipi PILLS* DrowBlness. » a( l Taste
lei Eg to tne Moutn, dbatefl
C'^88»&3 Tongue, Pain In tne side,
'^^^^^ 1 TORPID LIVER. Tney
regulate tbe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SHALL PRICE
CARTERSl CCRE SICK H£AMCIl£ -
Spittle Genuine Must Bear
I B LYirF Fac-Sitnile Signature
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This is a very pood picture of Mrs.
Mary Rivest. who lives at 522 Forty-
fourth street, Oakland. Mrs. Rivest suf-
fered many years with rheumatism. Fi-
nally tbe left knee became stlffene.l.
swollen and painful, and at last the left
leg became paralyzed. The homo physi-
cian feared ganjrrene at the knee and ad-
vised amputation of the leg. Mrs. Ri-
vest objected to amputation and on ad-
vice from a friend she had her relatives
take her to the Electro-Chemic Institute.
118 Grant avenue. San Francisco. The
Electro-Chemlo treatment cured Mrs.
Rivest quickly. There was no cutting.
There was no pain. In a short time she
threw away her crutches. Her left leg
is now as good as the other and Electro-
chemistry did the work when all other
treatments had failed. Should any one
interested doubt the whole truth of this
most wonderful cure they should go and
see the happy, cured patient. She would
be only too glad to vouch for its truth.
The Electro-Chemic cures of Cancer. Tu-
mors, Consumption. Catarrh, Asthma.
Bronchitis. Deafness. Ringing Ears.
Rheumatism. Paralysis. Locomotor
Ataxla. Neuralgia. Dyspepsia. Liver
Trouble. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
Piles.- Fistula, Constipation. Headache.
Dizziness. Insomnia. Epilepsy. Stricture,
Prostatitis. Blood Poison. Femaln Irreg-
ularities and Misplacements, etc.. etc..
are Just as wonderful as the cure of Mrs.
Rivest. and upon application tho testi-
monials of hundreds of cured patients
living right here in San Francisco will
be cheerfully given. These wonderful
cures are quick, permanent and inexpen-
sive, and, no matter how many other
treatments have failed. Electro-Chemls-
try would in all probability prove cura-
tive. The Electro-Chemle X-Ray exami-
nation is the most reliable examination
that any sufferer can have. Such an ex-
amination will quickly show whether a
case is curable or not, and this examina-
tion is now absolutely free to any suf-
ferer applying at the Institute- for it.
Don't mistake the place. The success
of the Electro-Chemic practice has
caused other physicians to try t0 lmitato
it. The Electro-Chemic Institute occupies
nearly the whole flrst floor of the large
building. 118 Grant avenue, corner of
Post street The office hours are from 9
to 5 and 7 to 8 dally and from 10 to 1 on
Sundays. Consultation, examination and
advice are free to all. and patients living
at a distance are furnished a hom© treat-
ment that is most successful and are
loaned, free of charge until cured, a
complete Electro-Chemic apparatus.
From a wide experience, the physicians
of the Electro-Chemic Institute have
learned that the very best advertising
comes from patients who have been
quickly, thoroughly and cheaply cured,
and while Mrs. Rivest only paid a few
dollars for her wonderful cure, she has
been the means of sending many other
sufferers to the Institute for treatment.
D^ Lyon s
PERFECT
..Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
q visit DR. JORDAN'S oriatJ
klUSEUH OF AHATOHY^
A C& i:3iKi3i2Tsr.t«t.e:i*w,s.r:»i. a
v jt^T Tto* LwiM AaatoaUeBl Mawmj* la Ik* \
Q — . dVii' World. WakMM ot My «>nci>cti<t A
i V^31S* «•'«¦»• ?••'"••IjMr.dn, tb« oldest Y
6 {§¥££ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF ME.1 }
\ f CSs^n CooiBluttea fret and mktiy prlntc \
A I TTSf n Tr«»R»eat penojtatiy ot by letter. A A
\ fl y S? Sf J—i*— O*rtut*rtty OHadntikn. \
nri HO' Wme for *•"•«• *¦»«-•*•*¦¦*• »r A
V ¦ (l Hi nuRUoi, mailxo vku. ixT
A U t> » li '-" w = boo* fat m "»> \
V DB. JOBDAS 4t CO.. 1951 Market St..S. F. Y
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
MERCHANT TAILORS. ;jj
622 Market Street. : ' .i\
Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HotsL ti
SAN FRANCISCO. K
Novelties in Imported Wear X
jfjl^vEvery Woman
K\V4^»il'H MARVIL Whirling Spray
l\Vk3S>V^SN'lviTfc» *""» Tl « ta * 1 *trtm*». JniK-
iv^CNCLSUsasw tuiumtut Suction. Bwt— Saf.
N^^^?Tr^3®HL__ w Mt-Mo«t Convenient.
H I !.««¦. l...-,n.l..
If hr cannunupply tho \ f-f^iSt '¦' ¦'¦'¦- :'¦ "<S\
nAHVKL.t«trtKO V\- ~?K>-^
other, tmii«ul jump for <\, t^t'o/^j
.Ulustratedbook-wai**. It(tt»e» V> / ''•^ijr
'full particular* and <1itm1Ioii« In- fl># m
rateable to ladie* 91 .% K t J: I, CO,^v/ ¦ - m .
41 Park llow, Sen York. .
152 New Montgomery. San Francisco, CaL *
William Hatteroth (I^rdes* Dppt.). 224 Sutfr.
fnion Imi* Co.. 4ftO Gutter and 10O Stockton.
OsRood Brothers. . .7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy ltd Ellis
OWS la mountain! CAMP
SXTM3CSS HOME ot Sonoma Co,M2JlIIB
Pur* water, equable climate, lots selling $iu
up; cottages built by Meeker, $ 50 09; depot:
•tores; restaurant: hotel; post and expr«a*;
telephone, sawmill; 900 lota told; 300 cotta«e«
built. Bausalito ferry, N.S.R.R. M. C l«TCr r K-
ER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. -'(:.,
NOBTH SHO2E HOTEL — On Tomaiea
> Bay. Good tabla and accommodations. Houj-*
eas-llghted. . Prices Tery reasonable ' MR3. J.
SHIELDS. MamhalU. Maria £onnty.' CaL*
ECBAEPEB'S OBOVE — BOSS VA1L1T.
:_- Private boardtnz: : terms reasonable Team
meets Sunday morning; trains. Address mi*^.
MATT UNDSA.Y. ; Ross suuoa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j A^MSEr GROCERJ
"With the Ladles, I'm a
winner all right." said
Golden Gate. "This
* lady told me I was the
finest coffee she had
ever tasted."
i JWhi.d Joes wilk GOLDEN GATE
COT Ft E bat satisfaction. Nm\
prizes— bo coupons— no crockery.
<*l sfid 2 1b. aroma. tltffct tlaa.
Never sold la balk.
J. A. Folder (EX Co.
Established Half m. Centsrr
San Francisco
TOO LATE!
To save a good shirt ruined by 'poor
laundering. But save your washable
garments next time by bringing or
sending them here, or having us call
for them. We care for clothes as we
wash and iron them.
UNITED STATES LAimW,
1004 KUXET 8TXXST.
Telephone South 420. . t1 Preparations are being made^by. the
Swiss '¦¦-, Blondin, a . Genevese - named
Chaupis, .climb -, down . a' .wire cable
from the^ summit of {the Eiffel-tower; in
¦Paris.-3S&i(££StHKft£E:''.- .
A pack-train ,ot : twenty- five, horses,
with all x of ¦ their/ accouterments,- 1 will
;be : one of the- novelties '_at the World's
¦Fair;' '.The :,uhusual spectacleTwill be
sent;, by t * the i citizens ~z of .-Wyoming v.to
'mark .Wyoming ¦ day. -
Err Inspectors Union Formed.
"< NEW; YORK, Oct. 3.— E^g. inspectors,
also known as egg testers, have organ
ized and now have a ¦ union • scale of
wages here.' The organization was
named the Egg Inspectors^ Union and
has received a charter, from the Amer
ican Federation of Labor.
Two Killed \ in ILxploslon.
SCRANTON, PaT. Oct. 'S-V-The corn
ing niiir of the | Dupont Powder ' Com
pany near Peckville blew. up and killed
Richard : Halsey and' "Walter Alworth,
employes. : Other - buildings ; ; near "^ -by
were set afire and the flames are still
burning fiercely. V -
CHILD DROPS REVOLVER
A.VD IS BADLY WOCXDED
Bullet Pierces Lung of Pour- Year-Old
Washington Girl and Strikes Her
. Grandmother.
SPOKANE.- Wash., Oct. 3.r-Maud
Farrish. aged 4 years, while removing
a revolver from a buggy in which the
family had returned from a visit yes
terday, allowed the weapon to drop
and the Impact exploded the car
tridge, which was. of. large caliber.
The ball passed into the right side of
the child's waist, left the body below
the left arm, > sped on" and-- slruck the
child's - grandmother, lirs. "William
Farrish, in the head, inflicting a severe
scalp wound. ; -
; Physicians report 1 that the bull»t
severed the qhild's liver and- pene
trated one lung-.^Their-flrst diagnosis
left no hope -for "the child's recovery.
Now they say little Maud will live un
less complications set In. The Far
rish family, live -near Asotln. Wash.
Brother's G oardlan Removed.
Roscoe Logan was removed by
Judge Coffey yesterday as guardian of
the estate 'of his . brother. Dr. Mil
burn H. Logan,- who -was recently a
patient at' Agnews. The account of
the guardianship .was settled, many
items of expense being disallowed,
and S15 a month from the estate was
granted for the use of ' the doctor's J
daughter, j Dr. Losran was in court I
and asked that John K. Klein or W.
E. Curtis be appointed to look after
his affairs, and said that when ha Is
discharged from treatment he will
straighten out his Interests himself.
The property Involved cost Dr. Logan
DA SIL.VA CASE GOES OVER.— Judj» d»
Haven yesterday continued the amljainent of
1m. A. Kra. da Si'.va until next Thursday. D»
SUra was represented by S. M. Sbortrldge.
Da Silva was indicted with Lee Tor by th«
Federal Grand Jury for being- ecff&ged' la ta»
Importation of Cbtees* women lor lamorai
purposes. •
•LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3.— Owing to
the washouts upon the*Santa Fe be
yond Albuquerque, no westbound over
land trains have arrived In Los An
geles since Saturday. It has been nec
essary to detour traffic by way of the
Southern Pacific, and from advices re
ceived yesterday the first four detoured
trains will arrive at 2, 3, 5 and 8
o'clock to-morrow. General Superin
tendent Shepard and General Manager
Wells are out on the line looking after
the repair work, which Is being done
as rapidly as possible. While the dam
age is nbt as heavy as that experienced
by the line in Arizona, it is occasioning
fully as much delay and will cost the
company many thousands of dollars.
This city has been left without Pull
man coaches, and it was necessary for
to-night's overland to go out . with
tourist sleeping-cars, as substitutes.
Thls train will continue by way of Al
buquerque and it is expected that it
will be able to get through the wash
out district by the time it arrives there
Owing to Washouts on Santa
Fe Westbound Trains Can
not Reach Los Angeles
Special Dispatch to The Call,
TRAFFIC BADLY
DISORGANIZED
the greatest of these was McKinley.
He lived to serve his country. Years
will come and go. but the influence- of
his name will never fade. It is coupled
with that of Lincoln and "Washington."
At the conclusion of his remarks
Senator Fairbanks begged to be ex
cused and with a warm expression of
his regrets that the time limit pre
vented him from a further enjoyment
of the Society of Ohio, he left the ban
quet hall, the quests all standing- as
he departed. The presentation of the
magnificent American flag that' is to
float en the battleship Ohio was a
handsome ceremony. The emblem was
raised aloft in front of the balcony
and the entire company rose and sang
the "Star Spangled Banner."
Captain Logan, in behalf of the ship,
accepted it in fitting terms. His re
marks were frequently punctuated with
applause.
He also received the silver loving
cup presented to the Ohio by M.iss
Helen Dreshler of Columbus, Ohio, and
read a copy of a letter he had written
to her on behalf of the ship and the
State in accepting the beautiful gift.
He closed his remarks by inviting the
members of the Ohio Society to visit
his vessel, on .the. 15th lnst. as the
guests of himself and the officers in
command.
CONQUESTS FOR FRIENDSHIP.
The remarks of Hon. D. M. Delmas
were listened to with profound atten-,
tlon. The purport of his speech was
to the effect that the strength of Amer
ica-laid upon the influence in her
sense of justice, an dthat her con
quests should be made by friendship.
The banquet came to a close by all
present arising and joining in a grand
choru3 in singing "America."
The following were present:
Senator Fairbanks. Admiral Henry
Glass, Admiral Merrill Miller, Bishop
M. C. Harris, Capt. C. L. Logan, U. S.
X-; Lieut. Commander W. W. Buchan
an, U. S. X.; Lieut. Commander M. A.
Auderson, U. S. N.; Lieut. C. M.' Stone.
U. S. N.; Surgeon W. C. Braisted. U.
S X.: Lieut." W. T. Pollock. U. S. N.;
Lieut- McKean. U. S. N.; Capt. J. T-
Bootes, U. S. M. C; Paymaster Jona
than Brooks. U. S. N.; Lieut. C. S.
Oven, U. S. M. C; Midshipman s. M.
I«binson. U. S. N.J Midshipman M. K.
Metcalf. U. S. N.; D.M. Delma?. Hen
ry Morse Stephens, Mr. and Mrs. W.
H. Jordan, Mr. and Mrs. Richard Jose,
Admiral McCalla. John McXausht,
David Bush, A. . T. Corbus.v Ed
ward L. Baldwin, A/ F. Stevens,
Mr. and Mrs. G. A- Scheer,
Mr.' and - Mrs. - Maule. -Mr. -and Mrs.
Henry Hilp. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Robin
son, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot, Dr.
Brandley Plymire and- wife, Mr. and
Mrs. John M. Klein, Mr. ; and Mrs. R.
B. Treat, Addle L. Ballou, Mr and
Mrs. Stanley Dollar, Melville Dollar,
Louis P. McCarty, Amy McCarty, R.
J. -Harding. Mr. and Mrs. X. R. Arter,
Sarah F. Goss, John H. Ware, Mrs. L.
J. de Bonnett, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Pol
lard, Mr. and Mrs. George S. Crlm, Dr.
T. E. Moore and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
Herbert Law, J B. Warner Rice, W. K.
Cole. Mr. and Mrs.W. Blackwell, J. F.
Lott, Mr. and Mrs. E-'.O. Reiser, -Grove
P. Ayers, Mr. and Mrs. .R. E. Dickinson,
E. H. Mozart." "Mr. and Mrs/ Thorpe,
Dr. C. C. Wadsworth, Dr.C. W.Bron
son. Dr. Rupert Blue, Mr.-, and Mrs.
Fred J. Koster, Mr. and Mrs.. B. " P.
Flint, Mr. and Mrs. J. W." Richards,
Mr. and Mrs. J.*A. Whiteside, F.W. G.
Moebus, Sarah E. Houlton, Mr.* and
M rs. G. • A. Pettus, ' % Mr. and , Mrs. . F. A.
Ring, Dr. A- W. , Kirk ¦ and>wlfe, ' F.
Kingsbury. Mr. and .Mrs.* John G..Xig
gle. Edwin G. Fulton, E.'J. V - Clinton,
John M. Ross, Mr. • and * Mrs: C/ A. An
drews. George -D.' MetcaIf.~j.~A. Bach
elor, Mr.- and . Mrs.. Wheaton Grey. Mr.
and Mrs. Milton - E. Baker. .Olive
Baker* Mr. and , Mrs. W. : H v Da
venport. Mrs. Arvilla Moffet, Mrs."
G. H. - Fish. Mrs. J. P.- Woodbury.
Mr. , and ' Mrs. .B." Nason.1 George r Mc-
Callon. 1 "- Mr." arid - Mrs. '• J. ' H/ Brenner,'
Mr." and Mrs.' B. F/ Day, Horace 'Apple-
ton, Miss I. M: Delano, George Chase.
G. W. Dickie. William J. Dutton. Mrs.
E. K. Howe, Dr. A. 1 J. Sanderson. Clar
ence A. Vaupel, Margaret M. Hall. Mrs.
Hovey and son, Frederick Grass. C. S.
Arms. J. T.- Ferguson, M. C. McLaf
ferty, Professor Carl Sa.wvell and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. Fred M. Boehm. Dr.J. W.
Henderson. J. C. King, David Dalziel
and Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Dunn.
Ohio Society Gives Banquet at St. Francis in
tionor of New Acquisition to the Navy. .
The banquet of the Ohio Society of
California last night at the St. Francis
Hotel was a brilliant success. , The oc
casion was to mark the commissioning
of the battleship Ohio. The presence of
Senator Fairbanks added to the In
terest of the occasion, and this, coupled
with the presentation of a stand' of
colors and a loving cup to the battle
ship Ohio, made the occasion a mem
orable one.
The presence of a large number of
wives and lady friends of the members
of the society also added to the gen
eral joyousness of the occasion. The
women were all beautifully arrayed in
handsome evening gowns. The decora
tions were simple, but of artistic ar
rangement- Over 200 participated in
the entertainment. Music, both vocal
and Instrumental, were leading feat
ures.
Hon. W. H. Jordan was toastmaster.
Following was the programme:
Address and presentation of colors, toast
master; response. Captain C. L. Logan, U. S.
N. ; presentation of loving cup, Blshcp M. C.
Harris: response. Captain C. L. Lciran. U. S.
N.; "Our True Greatness." Hoa. D. M. Del
rnas: "The Contributions of Ohio to the Politi
cal Ideas of the Nineteenth Century." Profes
sor Henry Vorse Stephens; prexentatlcns to
battJeship Ohio: staDd of colors, by Ohio So
ciety of California: loving- cup. by Miss Heleo,
Dreahler of Oclumbus. Ohio.
This was carried out to a most suc
cessful issue. Naturally the arrival of
Senator Fairbanks created a great dis
play of enthusiasm. The entire com
pany arose, cheered and waved hand
kerchiefs as the Republican candidate
for Vice President of the United States
entered the banquet hall, during which
the orchestra played "Hail to the
Chief." When the applause had sub
sided, Richard J. Jose, the well known
Finger, rendered three songs In his In
imitable style. They were: "Time and
Tide," "Belle Brandon" and "With All
Her Faults."
EULOGIZES McKIXLEY.
Senator Fairbanks said in part:
"I feel at home among you here
to-night. The same goodfellowship
that exists in Ohio exists in this grand
golden State of yours. I say 'yours'
because although the majority of you
here to-night were born -in Ohio, you
have become sons and daughters of
this State by adoption.
'One sreat thing that distinguishes
Ohio is the hich character of her citi
zens. We are proud of the great bat
tleship that is named for our State,
but our strength, is not in the navy or
the army; it is in the hearts of the
American people. (Great, applause.)
Three names of great men arise be
fore one who comes -from the Buckeye
State. They are. Sherman, Grant and
McKinley. (Great cheering.) One of
IW. H. JORDAN. WHO PRESIDED AT THE BANQUET GIVEN LAST NIGHT IN THE ST. FRANCIS HOTEL BT THE OHIO
SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA ON THE OCCASION OF COMMISSIONING THE BATTLESHIP NAMED IN HONOR OF THE
BUCKEYE STATEL J ij
¦ The Election Commissioner* are now
1 on the rack in connection with' the
frauds at the primary election. The
five members of the board, A. W.
yoorsanger, E. C. Lefflngwell, . J. A.
Devoto, Thomas Maguire and R. W.
Roberts, were before the Grand Jury
I last evening, and It looked for a_while
j as if they would be indicted forthwith
j for failure to observe the law as to the
j appointment of election officers. After
I deliberation the jurors decided to make
further investigation, and when they
adjourned the statement was given out
that definite action may be taken next
Thursday afternoon, when another
meeting will be held.
Each of the Commissioners, when
called before the jury last evening 1 ,
was asked the following questions:
"Are you aware of the requirement
of the law that election officers must
be taxpayers?" "Are you aware that an
election officer 'must have been a resl
j dent of the precinct in which he serves
for at least thirty days?"
The answers in each case were in
the affirmative, and when explanation
was attempted that in the opinion of
j the Commissioners the statute was un
constitutional In that it required a
property qualification for a person to
i hold public office. Chairman LJlienfeld
j promptly called a halt and excused the
I witness.
The Commissioners were willing to
admit that they had not obeyed the
statute, and this fact appeared to be
sufficient for the Grand Jury. But
when the matter was thrashed out lat
er by the Jurors the basis for accusa
tion did not appear so clear to them
as when the testimony was bein^
taken.
The night before the primaries a
number of changes In boards of flec
tion officers were made in the Regis
trar's office. In *the Eightieth or
"Almshouse" precinct only one officer
served of those originally appointed.
The five substitutes were appointed at
the eleventh hour and were not resi
dents of the precinct. In precincts 73
and 103 there were similar changes at
the last moment- «•
WERE SUMMARILY DISPLACED.
It is common report that a number of
those who had been regularly appoint
ed desired to serve as election officr?
but were not allowed to do so, being
displaced by the midnight appoint
ments. The rosters sho^v much fraud
In these precincts and the attention of
the Grand Jury was therefore drawn
to the actions of the Election Commis
sion. • ,„ . t . .
The Commissioners declare that the
substitute appointments ' at "the 'elev
enth hour were made because those
who had been regularly appointed sig
nified tbeir.Inability to serve. They as
sert that resignations are on file in the
Registrar's office ' from every election
officer who was 'displaced. The mem
bers of the board are certain that they
will be called upon to answer indict
ments, and are loud 'in the declaration
that the grand Jurors are unscrupu
lously "doing politics."
The Grand Jury also took testimony
regarding the conduct of the election
in precinct 103. the roster of which
reveals illegal voting on an extensive
ecale. The witnesses examined were
Joe Hayes. J. R. Pringle. Curtis Hill
yer, M. C. Davis. Policeman Henry J.
Pyle. Police Sergeant William Wil
liams and Detective J. F. Dinan.
Hayes. Pringle and Hillyer told of the
misconduct they saw on the part of
alleged stutters. The Incident was In
quired, into of the man who attempted
to vote another's name and ran away
when he was challenged.
NO TRACE OF STEFFEXS.
Captain of Detectives Burnett took
steps last night to institute an ener
getic hunt for Adolph Stefffens, who
was indicted by the Grand Jury for Il
legally voting the name of C. C. Crew
at the primary election. The captain
gave it as his opinion that Steffens had
fled the city. No trace has been found
of him since the bench warrant was is
sued. He was last seen on Thursday
night
The petition of Charles Wyman to be
freed of the charge of ballot-box stuf
fing on the ground that the primary
law Is unconstitutional was heard by
Judge Sloss of the Superior Court yes
terday, the defendant being In court on
habeas corpus proceedings instituted
last Friday while his preliminary ex
amination was in progress before Po
lice Judge Cabaniss.
It is not regarded as likely that
Judge Sloss will upset the primary law.
In any event he will not permit any
delay of the case so far as he Is con
cerned, for he made the announcement
that "he would render his decision at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.'
At 11 o'clock the examination before
Judge Cabaniss is to be resumed, and
Judge Sloss will relieve, any uncer
tainty in time for the proceeding in
the lower court.
The whole day was consumed by the
attorneys ' in their arguments yester
day, ¦ R. H. Countryman pleading for
the defendant and John A- Hosmer,
special prosecutor employed by the
Merchants' Association, for the people.
The. chief point advanced by the peti
tioner was that the requirement that a
party shall have cast 3 per cent of the
total vote at the preceding election to
entitle it to hold a convention and ob
tain, place on the official .ballot is In
conflict with the provisions of both the
State and United States constitutions
as to" discrimination' in privileges.- He
pointed out' that a party that is a na
tional' factor and substantially organ
ized might in some communities be de
barred, under the law, from participa
tion in an election/
'To this contention Hosmer urged that
there must be regulation and that the
3 per cent regulation was not discrim
inative. Any body of persons, who
could present; a' petition . with 3 per
cent of ¦ the voters. ¦ would be given the
same '? privileges ! as .are granted to es
tablished parties. 'In this manner fair
play was assured to all in a reasonable
manner.", r
An official investigation of the street
car accident on Sunday at Clement
street and Eighth avenue, in which
Frederick Fer.s-ten and Ham' Curran
were killed and twelve others injured,
was begun yesterday afternoon under
the direction cf Coroner Leland- The
jury selected to determine the responsi
bility fcr the casualty, after viewing
the remains of the unfortunate victims.
visited the scene of the accident- A
visit to the car barn and an Inspection
of the car followed- The inquest will
be held Thursday, when all the wit
nesses will be examined.
Corcner Lelasd and Chief Deouty
McCorrr.ack accompanied the jury.
wh!ch is composed of the followine cit-
Ixecs: M- V. Radovich. R. Helllwell.
A- G. Nelson. C Karskl. Samuel Plercy.
8. PsmplnellL E. J. Nye. H. G. Bark
iey and G. Gail.
Mrs. Laura. J. McKenrJe. T50 Jersey
street, was among those eeriously In
jured in the accident. She Buffered a
fracture of the left leg near the ankle.
The following statement was issued
£iy the United Railroads last night:
REGRETS THE ACCIDENT.
Tt* cff=:?«.r.y regrets raer» tiaa it caa ex
trrcc* the terioue arcldect cf yesterday at
•Eighth a.vetae »sd Clement ttreet. A careful
¦•xanisaiion has b*en mad* cf the matter,
iroci which the ftllowinj facts appear:
Tfce lice on which the accident occarred.
»«-.'» the eo-cal!*d Eddr and Fulton streets
lice, fcts it« tenr.inus bt the Cfcutee opposite
"the Eiex-ecth-avenue entrance to the park.
?ItiB roict U alto the cater termlsu* of the
JlcAliifter-rtreet It^e.
On eundaj-s a.-i en ether days cf t=?rea*ed
.travel the car* of the McAllister-street line
Varrlv* at and derart from the abov« terminus
«t trterval» cf two and one-Quarter minutee.
*^^ iy**T* t:8 a.«ways frcm two to four of
rtfceee care waiting to receive passengers bound
'l~T the c:ty. while at the «arr.e time the cars
•cf the TLity asd Fu!tea rtreet* line arrive
ard £ep*rt fresi this termlru* at interval* of
three minute*, and there are sever less than
two ef the» ears waiting to receive passen
sgtrr t-r"^4 fcr the city.
On Ju!y 12 last the company, withdrew from
tils Use the email alnrle truck cars formerly
•used ther»cn and substituted therefor !»re«
i^ub'.e-truck ears, thus increasing the carry-
Irx capac'.ty cf the lice by fifty per cent It
tray be addM that no reduction has beea made
:r. the cumber of cars oi>eTated nor la the
heaiway thereof on either of these linen. The
refj^t heir.g es sbcrve stated, that the care of
the E«y and Kulton rtre*ts line, the line
en »hich the »ccHnjt occurred, prox-lde accom
— :-• r~ fv.r f\:!:y f-ftr p<^r c^r.t s-.ore pa»
eer.gfr» than prior tt> July 12 last.
RULES ARE EUPERATIVE.
The rules of the ccrrpasy are Imperative
that t".l cars before crossinr the tracks ef
an ir.-^rsectir.g line must be brought to a :
full etcn-
Th* scciiert In «;-je»tlon octurred at an ta
ters^ctir^ priat-
ZIm rulef of tfce cotcpany also rTOvifie that
r.f.rf meat nrt rtia en curvet at a speed greater
than four m'->» per hour, and also that cart 1
ir-jft not r if s ca curve* unless rure cf cafe |
clearance.
Th» car in c'J**t!;>n, No. 1017. was t*
*<juirp«! *ith lairrovnl brake Tiffing within
a montv, ecd «-h«n t*strt oo «*v*re denra
rr*4#« »-«s Etopj»5 wtthoot filfflculty at any
<5*-5:r^ pdrt ca wcfc prai»*. Slnc« the »ccl
<;»nt thi» rtr has b~n agaia severeljr tested
»"!T!l lh« E»rri« rtrjlti.
E«fcr# erterlrx th* curve where the »cd
<J»r.t occurred the car In question vu ocm
pe!!e<S to a«cer.<J a »Mght ir-sr.* for about a
fclp^c. «-tlch. of course, would tend to over
c rr.* th* momeistum of the ear.
The car in question we» crewded. a eondl
tlcrn whirh th» crtr.rasy uretns at tlraes un
«fcle to lUCTUit, for n> rr.atTer how many can
pay be v-altlag at a terralsal where large
cr»"»"i« are a*s*r-.M^d intending pa*s*sgera
will Invariably ru^h t-> the Crut outgoln* car.
Police Believe He Has Fled.
Judge Sloss 'Hears the
Petition to Free Wynian
Statement l>y the Company
Asserts That Brakes.on Car
Were in Perfect Condition
STEFEEXS A FUGITIVE
KULES ARE VIOLATED
Commissioners of Election
Under Fire for Changes
in the Precinct Boards
Coroner's Jury Views Bodies
of the Victims of Sun
day's Street Car Accident
LOOK FORWARD
TO INDICTMENT
LELAND STARTS
INVESTIGATION
CELEBRATES COMMISSIONING
OF BATTLESHIP WITH FEAST
THE «Mi .HU.NUSCO. CALL. TUESDAY. U.1UBER 4. mm.
5
ADX'ERTISEME.VTS. '
If 3'ou will only try one bottle' of
the Bitters it will surely convince! you
of its value in cases of Heartburn,
Bloating, Sick Headache, Nervous-
ness, General D ebility, Dyspepsia and
Indigestion. . ~.. r ' i • . -
It has cured:, thousands, of. such
cases during the past • 50 '"years. Try - it.
: ". • : : . ADVFKTI.SK\fENTS.
-¦r^ijih^'^^^dvj Ik's ncT
OCClipa tioTY for a ¥h]n^n V» ~
cheaper kiauco'al^J^^^
'- :\-Bi^^<Gas^airgeFrom ii
. r-r :¦-'_/ SAN 1 : FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
APVEKTTISESrEXTS.
None can have a Weil-Balanced
Constitution without taking
PILLS
All people subject to Billons attacks,
or who suffer from Stomachic dis-
orders, should never be without a box
of EEECHAM'S PILLS.
Their gigantic success and genuine
worth are known all over the world,
and the proof of their excellence lies
in the fact that they are generally
adopted as the Family Medicine after
the first trial.
BEECHAM'S PILLS
by their purifying effect upon the"
Blood, cleanse and Mvify the entire
¦system, causing every organ of the
body healthfully to continue its al-
lotted function, thereby inducing a
.perfectly balanced condition, and
making life a pleasure,
BEECHAH'S PILLS
maintain their reputation for keep-
ing people in Good Health and
Good Condition.
BEECHAH'S PILLS
have stood the test of the most
exacting experience through many j
Sold Everywhere
In Boxes, IOc. and 25c.
S^S^&M MENWDWOMEH.
•• Cm Bif « for csstteni
/y*Sr **"*' **"*-\l £Ucfc»r««f t tafi»»»si»«Jo»«.
J£+Z*3 <»m»rmB»**4 M irrU&tloei or c!ccr»tlcci
ft*~M w «» unmr.. "* c f naceos tE»2str«x««.
JC3 rr~*mw(rmu*1mm. F»lc;«i. itli not Mtrtfi'
t*nt or pci-OBoni.
cs»ur s c gra u*ia h 7 z>ra E n*t«,
V?'A Ui.*. vST t M2t is p!«Jm wr»pjwT.
VX^^SKrH t!CO erJb.ttlM«.7».
*^» *» circuit «ect ca rwjswt
J —
PATENTS^ 'I
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PEESH AIR) SALT KEATS.
U^ EOVES & CO f&totfo* Butchers. 108
« A~* u\J l i^J u vu. clay. Tel. M*ln 1*34.
IEAZY EOOrS AVO SKTXIGHTS.
A!I Jclnia rt?paSr*d. GlotM> Sh*«t Metal Workai
nTi-HT"- MisCon rl. Pbcae Main 3MH.
orxs. " "
L.U&KICATIXG Oil/?: J-EON.MU) A ElilS
<IS Front fct.. t. F. Fbon« Main 1719.
TKXWTOta. ~
L C HUGHES, ln aSSJSVF,
- f ; ; ADVERTISEkIE2»fTS. ' ; ' -'.r .;
j^g^j^g^jgf bp For Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
lir^tt^StoniactisaMBovs^lsorjH B83XS tL.6 w ' 1
Promotes Digestion.Cteerfur- 0 %/ \mT
ness and Rest.Con tains neither fM /L J? • p
Opium .Morphine nor Mineral, • 01 ff l\ *V \l
Tsot "Nar c otic . p §k \V%^P'
-*jWjw- ' M j» uNt 111
I "^^t,^ \ m (\ iA^ ¦»
j ) I JJL r* |J Q
I Apericd Remedy forConslipa- ll f ¥ (?* UOu
rion.SourStomach.Diarrhoca g I \kY
t .Convulsions .Feverish- -a I W^ P u ft..**!*
f ness and Loss of Sleep, m \J* I 0 I UVuI
TacSiiwle Signature of H3 •
t&f**^ I Thirtu Yparo
i«H^!SS!n— I II 1 1 iy ludio
I EXACT COPY OF WRAPPER. J JH 3l^ lJ |Ba
. . . - - tmc et«rr«oi» eo«»»i»T. ««w to«« errr.
- ¦ • . ;* •
iiRQOTITTF Av DITDITVtf
PEHFECT/JC MATURITY
Wm Ii s »'^ B i Sl-^^^^S ;
SHEEWOOD & SHERWOOD, DISTRIBUTOES,
. . , .' San Francisco. .; T i:r|K
¦ . - - ios Angeles^ Portland and Seattle. . h * !.
The ideal time to g^o East |
.; is during the Indian Summer. <?
Union-Southern
Pacific
\ r erv- low round trip rates to all points.. Choice of "
routes returning.^ r
To CHICAGO and return, $72.50 via, Sf, Louis
To ST. LOUIS and return, $67.50 direct ;^
SALE DATES:
October 3, 4, 5, 6, f -iQ, 20, 26, 27.
Let me arrange all yo'ur trip for you. *
\\*rit** c%r i*^ll
"" S. P. BOOTH, Oea. Agft-. T/. V. R. X 4
Or A&y Southern Pacl5c Agai.The Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company also publishes a rate on
oata . westbound t from Kansas and
Nebraska points lof 50 cents a "hun
dred pounds to Pacific Coast points.
The former rate wks 66 cents, making
a very substantial ' reduction in the
freight. It goes into effect this week.
PORTLAND, Ore.. Oct. 3.— The
Northern Pacific to-day announces
that commencing October 5 the rate
on wheat to St. Louis will be 62^4
cents, or equal to the present rate to
Chicago. ' The former rate was 63
cents. The rate applies from points
on the main line of the Northern Pa
cific east of Ellensburg and on the
Palouse and Spokane branches, as
weir as points on the "Washinstori'ana
Columbia River Railroad. The rate
will also apply to East St. Louis. 111.,
and Is concurred In by the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company,
and the Great Northern from .points
in their resnectlve territories.
Announces Reduction on Shipments
From Washington Points — Great
Northern Will Do likewise.
NORTHERN PACIFIC MAKES
LOWER RATES OX WHEAT
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Pen and
Anna O. Johnson lots 29 to 84, map Jessie
Jones Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Andrew Frederlcksen to Mathllde Frederick
sen, lot on JfE corner of Boehmfr and Petersen
street* E 98.22. N 130, W 66.29, 3 133.77. lot
11. block 12. map North Alameda Tract, for
merly Valdez and Glaacock Tract, Brooklyn
Township; gift.
Jonaa I. and Addto It. Bowers to Hannah A.
Hyde (wldow) ( lot on N line of Berkeley way.
225 W of Grove street, W S7:« by N 123, por-;
tlon Range 2, Hardy Tract, Berkeley: $10?
Alameda County.
MONDAY. OCT. 8.
Jessla N. and J. G. Enright (tasband) to
Elizabeth ERrtght. lot on N Um of Edwards
street. 430 E of Telegraph arenu* (a* on
March 20t *71X B BO by N 125. lot l<fc »=*s>
of Padflo Thtologlcal Seminary Tract. Oak
land; 110 ¦ ,
LouU and Lottl» H. Tltn. (wlfa) to Jofia
H. Spring, lot oa NB corner «f Market aad
Fourteenth strata. E-TS, N 105:9. W 92:8.
S 105:8. portion of lots 1 and 2. Mode A.
prop«rtr of North Oakland Homestead Asso
ciation. Oakland: $10. ' i^_ 1
Haul* A. and H. A. HanUr Orosbandyta
William K. Hamilton, lot on N line of E3«
warda street. 950 E of Telegraph avenue,. B
45 by N 12S. being Vf 43 feet of lot 20, map
of Paclflo Theological Seminary Tract, Oak
land? $10. ¦-__, .
Henrietta B. Chestnat to Ma.tr B. Ca»e«tnnt.
lot oa NS corner of Locust and y*)**?/
¦twta, N 69:6 br X» 10<V- lot 1. block 2238.,
map of subdivision of block* 2238 to 2233. V«l
dea Tract. Oakland; $8. _
John Lm to Alice Lm (wi:») lot on S Us*
of Third »tn»U 25 B of Alic«. E 23 bT 8 75.
portion of lot» 8, 7 and 8, block 14, JC*1
lersbemr's map, Oakland; gift.
L. M. ¦Whltmor* (single woman) to Mrs. I»
D. Lawhtad. lot on N line ot Benvwnu* a.venu».
10O S of D«rby street. B 6O by W 143. lot 3.
block B. Berry- Bangs Tract. Berkeley; $10.-
Erwln I* Sadler to Mlnnl« C. Sadler
(widow), lot 18. block A, lot 8, block C. prop
erty of Berkeley Homestead Association.
Berkeley; 110. ••
Cosmo* land and Water Company to Pat
rick E. Ryan, lot on NB corn«r of Dwtgnt
way and Sacramento street. N 10© by B ISO.
block S. map property and locatton of ta»
Spauldln* tract. Berkeley: $1SOO.
P. R. John to Alic« Nelson (widow). lot en
S line of Prince street. 150 "W of Deakla. VT
50 by 8 133, lot 8. block C. map of a part ef
the TToolsey tract. Berkeley: $10.
L.. H. and J. D. Foster (husband) to Oeccr*
Bully, lot on S line ot Harmon street. 23O VT
of CUals. W 5O by S 1S3. lot IT. block B.
map of aubdlvUlon ot SW portion of plai S3.
Peralta rancho. etc.. Berkeley; $1<X
Adelbert T. and Electa' I* Hay to Harry
Wyse, lot on SE line of Pomona avwroe, 11T
NB of Putnam street, NE 88 by SB 123. por
tion of lot 8, block 10, map subdivision ef NB
portion of Sather tract. SYultvale. Brooklyn.
Township; $10. . _
Frank and EIl«s* Herten to John Sotua
Nunea. lot on SW line of Sunnystde street.
191 SE of Mountain View avenue, SB 10O by
SW 150, lots 8 and 10. block 28. map Warner
tract, Brooklyn Township: grant.
Padflo Land Investment Company toJoha
B. Wood, lot on S line of Enctnat avenue,
174.40 B of Morton street. E 80 by 8 140. lot»
4 and 8, block 4, map of Chapman's survey
of Pacific Lend Investment Company* 9 prop
erty, Morton- street etatton,. Alameda.; $10. .
Even A. and Tlllle C. Johnson to Francesco
Trucco, lot on S line of Fourteenth street. 104
E of Campbell. E 29 by 8 106:3, lot 17. block
726-A. map redlvlslon of portion blocks 728-A,
727-1 and 727-B. Oakland: $10.
Hannah. Lilly and Dora Keller to Oeear t..
Ingel«, lot on SW line of Grant avenue (or
Thirty-Seventh str*«t>, 42T BE of Telegraph
avenue. SE 30 by SW 115, portion lots SI and
61 H, amended map of Mosswood Tract, Oak
land; |10. . {
Julia II. Thome to Charles V. B. Thome
(husband), lot on SW line of East Twenty
second street. ICO SE ef Eighth avenue, SE
23 by SW 100. block 132. Clinton. East Oak
land: also lot on NB line of East Twenty
fourth street. 40O SE of Tw«nty-flrrt avenus,
SB 50 by NB 140, lots 33 and 34. block SC.
map of Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East
Oakland; also lots 2. 8 and 4, block 14. map
of Landrrgan Tract, Oakland Township; gift.
B. A. and Florence E- Berry to J. C Ru
dolph, lot on B line of Grant street, 89 S of
Parker street. S 4O by B 10O. lots 1 to 3. block
O, Crystal Springs Tract. Berkeley: ' $10l r-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
¦• . WIXSON GETS POSTOFFICE. — Oakland.
Oct. 3.— Robert 3. » Wixson,' a well known gro
ceryman •. of , Golden • Gate, , has been . appointed
clerk of the postofflce substation at that place,'
¦ucceedln* .William Dudley. ; . : *
SAN JOSE, Oct.. 3.— At the inquest
this afternoon on the remains of Marie
Chlavri, ; .who. died under suspicious
circumstances last Thursday, a verdict
,was rendered ; that ; death; : resulted
from' an^pperatlon ¦ performed . by some
persons 'unknown: ' ' : " ; • "
Death \ Follows Operation.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3. — A letter from
Samuel Gomp4»rs, president of : the
American Federation of Labor, : to .the
officials of 'the. Chicago Federation of
Labor declares that unless the latter
organization, complies with the rules of
the American "Federation . of Labor by
November 1 it will be' expelled. The
communication was In regard to a dis
pute between?" two : organizations of
clumbers." ";" - ' ..
Threatens Chicaffo Federation.
DISCUSSION OF ODORS.— Oakland, Oct 3.
Judge Ellsworth to-day listened to testimony
in the $15,000 damage suit of Leonardl .Vlncl
against the city of Oakland, Vlncl alleging that
his health Is menaced and the comfort of his
family destroyed by the smells' from the gar
bag* crematory In West Oakland. Vlncl and
several of his neighbors swore that tho crema
tory Is a nuisance. The court paid ¦ a visit to
the place Saturday, and ; so was prepared to
Judge of the correctness' of statements made
by-witnesses for the, plaintiff. .
TELEPHONE COMPANY- SUED.— Oakland.
Oct. 3. — Mrs. Johanna Horton to-day filed suit
for $37,000 damages against the Sanpet Tele
phone Company on account of the death Of her
husband, Horace. Horton. He was killed by
coming in contact with a live wire In his
Found Dead With Wound in Side.
.GUERNEVILLE, .Oct. 3. — James
Murdock, a resident of Pocket Can
yon,. Is . supposed to have committed
suicide . Sunday morning. He . was
found in his home with "a gunshot
wound in I his '. side. • : His ; funeral ser
vices will be conducted . at Forestville
Tuesday. He leaves one son. . His
wife ' died ' several . years ago.
Fixes Tax Rate.
. ALAMEDA, Oct. 3.— The City Trus
tees .to-night passed: the, ordinance fix
ing the municipal tax rate for'the cur
rent fiscal year at $1 38.
WIFE WANTS ALIMONY.— Oakland. Oct.
3. — Anna Agne* Perelra to-day petitioned for a
court order directing, her husband, a; cigar
dealer, from whom she seeks divorce, to par
her temporary alimony of $250 a month. $300
for attorney's ' fees and $150 for costs. She
says his Income Is $100 a month. 1 Cruelty la
the basis of the suit.
Postpone Berkeley Bond Plan.
BERKELEY, Oct. 3.— The citizens'
bond committee meeting to-night,' with
the Board of Trustees as advisers, de
cided to recommend that the Trustees
postpone the proposed bond election
until the spring. ; Thls, action is at
tributed mainly to the moral effect of
the recent defeat of bonds in Oakland.
FRENCH SAILORS ON A TEAR.— Oakland
Oct. 3. — Ten seamen from the - French bark
Juewuer at Long wharf ran amuck this morn
ln» at West Oakland and were sent to the City
Prison ' after a -flrtit . vith Patrolmen Keef e ,
A hern and Merino '; They will ¦ explain la the
Police Court, to-morrow. -
OAKLAND. Oct.- 8.— Officials of
the Ke;; Route Ferry Company said
to-night ;that the story circulated in
San Francisco, to the effect that the
Key Routp company intends to extend
the Fifty-fifth street line to Walnut
Creek. In order to seoure the travel
from Contra Costa County, is absolute
ly without foundation and that the
company has not even considered such
a project. /. . , -
Will Not Extend Line.
. GUERNEVILLE, Oct. 3. — Matthew
McPeak, an old resident In this vicin
ity, died at. his home near Camp Six
Saturday, morning as the result of a
fall front a wagon. He fractured sev
eral ribs, one of. them puncturing his
lungs.. He. was'more than 60 years of
age. The funeral services were con
ducted by Rev. E. Hoskins of ; Oak
land under, the auspices of the I. O.
O.' F. .and' Repekah Lodge at the Mc-
Peak Cemetery. . McPeak was a wid
ower, .and highly " respected . in the
community.
Guemeville Man Fatally Hurt.
Bank of Pit at San Diego Caves in
" i :and Kills William
Ellis. :
SAN DIEGO, Oct.' 8.— William El
lis .was killed here to-day by being
buried unted ten feet of earth. He
was working in a gravel pit when the
bank caved in without any warning.
BURIED ALIVE UNDER % >w
MANY TONS OF GRAVEL
Young Sonnebeck, who lived with
his parents, Mr. and Mrs. August Son
nebeck, on Central avenUe, sustained
the fatal injury, while romping last
evening in a lot near his home with
several playmates. In a spirit of "fun
he took a Ipng straw and utilized it in
striking j-the legs - of a. .horse, confined
in the lot. The animal drove out one
of its feet and struck the' lad in the
stomach,* knocking him down. Ar
thur made his way home and during
the night his condition 'became seri
ous.' Dr. Daniel .Crosby was sum
moned and this evening the patient
was brought to the Alameda Sani
tarium, where Dr. C. G. Bulland Dr.
Crosby operated upon him, but failed
to save his life. .
* ALAMEDA, Oct. 3.— Through pain
fully tickling the hind legs of a horse
with a straw, Arthur Sannebeck, aged
10, received a terrible kick in the ab
domen, which caused his death this
evening while he was lying on an op
erating table at the Alameda Sani
tarium. The tad's intestines were Tup
tured by the blow from the
hoof . and . the operation was tried as
a last resort to save the little fellow's
life. ¦-•¦¦". -:'-'¦
Animal Forcibly Resents Being
Tickled on the* Leg With a Straw
-in Hands of Tormentor.
v BERKELEY, Oct. 3. — Augustin C.
Keane, editor of The Occident Maga
zine, denounced three men of the foot
ball squad in an editorial to-day be
cause they broke training rules one
night last week. Editor Keane did not
mention any names; but it is pretty
well understood around v the college
who are the men he means. He says
the men drank liquors in a San Fran
cisco resort and otherwise conducted
themselves in an unbecoming manner.
Coa;ch Hopper has'taken no action and
probably will, not In the cases of these
men, but hereafter they will be more
carefully watched.'
Football Men Break Training.
HORSE'S KICK CAUSES
DEATH OF RECKLESS BOY
NAPA, Oct. 3. — Nick Solari. a boy
15 years old. was held up at 2 o'clock
this afternoon by three men near, the
water works, two miles from Napa.
The boy had $30 and. was riding a
bicycle at the time out toward his
home. The men stopped him, "re
lieved him of the money and. ordered
him- to rlde.on. He came to town In
a short time and notified the Sheriff's
office. Younir Solari works in a glove
factory in Napa and had just drawn
his month's wages.
Three Footpads Hold Up Youth Xear
Napa and Sheriff's Posse Is Search
. ins for Them.
HIGHWAYMEN ROB SMAUD
BOY OF MONTH'S WAGES
OAKLAND, Oct. 8. — Walter
O'/Jara, . convicted of perjury, was
sentenced lay Judge Hall to-day to
serve ten years in San Quentin.
O'Gara swore falsely concerning the
age of Mary Dunning when he pro
cured a license in this city to marry
her, several months ago. He sought
to make reparation to^the girl by mar
rying her, though she was but 16
years old. After living with her one
montn he sent the girl home to her
parents, whereupon they caused- his
arrest for perjury. •
A prior conviction was* charged
against O'Gara. He had been sen
tenced to six years in San Quentin
three years ago for assault, the pa
rents of Ella Jessie of Alameda being
the complaining witnesses in that case.
He was on parole when he met Miss
Dunning.
Walter O'Gara Sentenced to Servo
Ten Years In Prison at San
Quentin.
PUNISHED FOR
HIS PERJURY
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 3.— Ida Rey
nolds shot and probably fatally
wounded John King this afternoon in
her room.. The man, it is claimed,
threatened the woman with a knife
and she fired three shots into his body
In self-defense. King was removed to
a hospital, where he will probably die.
The . Reynolds woman and a man
named Swift, who was In the room
when the shooting occurred, were ar
rested.
Portland Woman Fires Throe Ballets
Into Body of John Kins in Self-
Defcnse, She Claims.
FATALLY WOUNDS MAN WHO
THREATENS TO KILL HER
OAKLAND, Oct. . 3. — <Hiarles B.
Shear, a former hardware merchant
of this city, died to-day at his home,
1050 First avenue, aged 42 years. The
deceased had been ill for several
months and his death was not unex
pected. Mr. Shear was well known
in Oakland, where . he had lived for
more than sixteen years. He was a
native of New York and leaves a wid
ow and three children.
Colonel C. Carrol Marsh, a veteran
officer of the Civil War, died very
suddenly yesterday morning at his
home, 1312 Ninth avenue, aged 75
years. Death was caused by apoplexy.
The deceased leaves a widow, Mrs.
Harriet Cooley Marsh, and three
daughters, Mrs. C. J. Mattlson of Os
wego, Mrs. J. C. Eaton and Miss M. S.
Marsh, both of ¦ this city. Colonel
Marsh had resided in Oakland for
nearly thirty years.' . . ¦-¦
Mrs. Mae M. Gardner, wife of Wil
liam J. Gardner, manager of the West
ern division of the Aetna Insurance
Company, died yesterday at the Hotel
Metropole after a residence of only
five days in. Oakland. Mrs. Gardner
came here .from Chicago. She was 32
years of age and besides her hsuband
she leaves one son, flve years old."
Colonel C. O. Marsh Dies Suddenly.
3In£ W. J. Gardner Passes Away
After Trip From "Chicago.
BERKELEY, Oct. 3.— With devilish
Intent a burglar forced his way Into
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Ezra Dean
at 2130 Essex street at an early hour
this morning, prepared- with a sponge
ful of chloroform to stupefy the occu
pants so that he might rob the house
without molestation. The desperado,
however, reckoned without Miss Flor
ence Dean, the daughter of the house.
By summoning her courage and using
a little strategy, she put him to flight
and prevented what mignt have been
a tragedy. While making his hasty
departure the burglar dropped the
sponge with its subtle poison and this
Is now preserved as a souvenir by the
Dean family.
Miss Dean is a trained nurse and that
perhaps is why an unusual, rasping
noise awakened her out of a sound
sleep at 2 o'clock this morning. She
knew that something was wrong and
so got up to listen, at the same time
acquainting Mrs. W. D. Mills, her
sleeping * companion, with - her fears.
The two women listened a little while
In the hallway upstairs before they be
came convinced from the noise that
some one., was unlawfully in the house.
The noise continued in spite of a con
tinual conversation kept up by Miss
Dean and Mrs. Mills. Soon they heard
the door leading from the dining-room
downstairs into the hallway opened by.
the bold intruder. It was time then for
action and Miss Dean turned on the
electric lights in all the upstairs rooms.
The sudden illumination revealed the
shadow of a man silhouetted on the
wall. "At the same, time there came
from below a strong smell of. chloro
form, which the women recognized at
once. . .
, Even with the light' and the voices
the burglar did not seem to be deterred
from his purpose, evidently believing
that the women were alone in the
house and that he could overpower
them with the deadly drug he carried.
He kept mounting the stairs one by. one
and had gained the first -landing be
fore Miss Dean had thought of another
strategy.
"Father! Father," she cried, at this
critical moment, "hurry with the gun!
He's coming up the stairs. Hurry!'
Mr. and Mrs. Dean had been awak
ened by the strange noise In the house
and had hastened to' see what it was
all . about. As • a precaution . Mr. Dean
brought his shotgun along; with him,
but It was not loaded. An unloaded
gun Is of little use against burglars
and recognizing this Mr. Dean, sought
for ammunition. It was while he was
searching for >a cartridge that "Miss
Dean called upon 1 him to •hurry.- A mo
ment later he. found the cartridge and
clicked It into the gun. ,-. ¦;,
The loading of the gun convinced the'
burglar that a warm reception ' await
ed him and his courage failed '-'¦ him.
Without uttering a- word he rushed
down the stairs and out of the house
by the way he had 'entered and disap
peared over" the rear fence. If he had'
gone around the "front \ way .' he would
have been shot, for Mr. Dean was pre
pared to fire upon him. In looking
over the house afterward the family
found the chloroform-soaked sponge on
thej floor. : v , ...'. - >
"It was a thrilling experience," ' said
Miss Dean to-day. * "My friend heard
seme one walking up and ddwn in front
of the house very early this morning,
though we thought nothing c«f At. Later
we heard a rasping. noise at the. back
of the house.' but thought It came from
next door. But when it got nearer we
got ; up • and , investigated, with ; the re
sult that we founda burglar." The fel
low., undoubtedly .intended to . chloro^
form us. . I could smell • the-: chloroform
"Examination of the premises shows
that the burglar entered the house by
breaking a window lock on a window
opening upon the rear porch.
the moment he opened the. door. He
must ; have been a bold burglar, be
cause they generally get frightened
away when they know they are de
tected."
CHARLiES B. SHEAR IS
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Miss Florence Dean Turns on Lights in Home WfienSne
Hears Robber and Calls Father to Bring Gan.
PLUCKY YOUNG TTOMAN OF BERKELEY WHO DISCOVERED AND PUT TO
T P H L i a^lA M D E E3^S^ TE rai¥IS^?.5§& : ?^ INVADED HER HOMB ?
DES MOINES, Iowa, Oct. 3.— Mrs.
Maude Hamilton, a pretty stenogra
pher, receiving a salary of $6 a week.
Is blamed for a shortage of $40,000 or
thereabouts, which has been discovered
In, the accounts of the Iowa LlUIolet
Gold Dredging Company and Hawkeye
Company, organized for the purpose of
dredging the Frazier River in British
Columbia. Mrs. Hamilton has a re
cently acquired penchant for exquisite
gowns and luxurious equipages, in
which she often appears on the street.
£Jie..; admits that, she burned certain
records of the two companies, but
claims she was directed by her em
ployers to do so.
The v sltuation"'is complicated by an
action in the District Court to declare
Byron A. Bliss,' secretary and manager
of the Joint companies, insane, his wife
being the plaintiff. The shortage has
caused a tumble in value of the min
ing stock from 60 cents a share to 13
cents a share. Hundreds of Iowa peo
ple, Including scores of prominent poli
ticians, are losers by the sudden drop
in the stock in sums ranging from $5 to
$50,000.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Stenographer Is Blamed for
a Company's Shortage of
Forty Thousand Dollars
PRETTY WOMAN
UNDER A CLOUD
The error occurred in a story by
Lawrence J. Kennedy, under the title
"Beer and 'Baccy." While endeavor
ing to show that college men drink
beer and smoke like other human be
ings the author pointed out a number
of men prominent in college affairs
who indulge in these pastimes. Re
ferring to .these students, he said:
"In the center of one group will be
found a Phi Beta Kappa, in another
the A. S. U. C. Prex; perhaps there
will be a bunch of college journalists
In evidence; the college yell leader
forms the nucleus for another group."
The "A. S. U. C. Prex" means the
president of the associated student3
of the University of California. This
Is Harry Dehm.who, as the holder^ of
the most dignified office in the gift* of
the students, objected to being pro
claimed as a man of bibulous habits,
when he is not. A conference was
held then, and with the result that
every number of the paper was gath
ered up and destroyed.
BERKELEY, Oct 3. — Such a little
word as "the" was responsible for the
suppression to-day of this . week's
entire edition of The Occident
Magazine, the college periodical.
Where "a" should have been "the"
crept and and caused so much
talk and scandal that Editor Augus
tin C. Keane decided that rather than
hurt anybody's feelings the magazine
should be consigned to the furnace.
A Misplaced "the" Makes Trim a
Drinker and Causes Suppres
sion of "The Occident."
ERROR IN ' WORD . PXJTS
TUB JOKE OX DEHM
Oakland Office San Francisco CaO,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 8.
In th.a presence of his mother and
a slater and after a desperate battle
with his friend, Lorenzo Shlman.
Charles Branin, a copyist in County
Clerk J. P. Cook's office, committed
suicide at 8 o'clock this morning by
cutting hi3 throat with a razor at his
residence at San Lorenzo. Branin was
deranged from drink, and worry over
money matters. He lived only a few
minutes after the deed was accom
plished.
During the struggle with his friend,
Shlman was badly cut on the face and
bands. Branin had procured a razor
from a bureau, and it was in an ef
fort to take the keen-edged weapon
away from the demented man that the
etruggle occurred. Branin managed
to break away from Shiman's grasp
and to slash his own throat from ear
to ear before the other man could
reach the crazed copyist.
The young man's mother and sister
had been called to the room to Quiet
the raving sufferer. It was while they
with Shlman were soothing him that
Branin suddenly jumped out of bed
&nd grabbed the razor from the bu
reau. Shiman sprang at his friend
and tried to wrest the razor from
him. The pair struggled and fought
until Branin got away by hacking his
captor over the face and hands with
the blade.
For several days Branin had been
acting strangely. Testerday morning
he went to the Shlman place and de
manded a revolver, saying enemies
were trying to kill him and his moth
er. Sbiman refused to give his friend
a pistol, but to quiet him returned
with the young man to* the Branin
home, where he remained -with him
until his death. During the night
Branin teas restless and often arose
and excitedly paced the bedroom floor.
His companion as often induced him
to return to bed. Shortly before 3
o'clock Branin again left the bed and
it was soon afterward that ! the end
came.
Behind the story of the suicide lie a
variety of contributing causes. Among
them wias Branin's morbid fretting
over a suit that was brought against
him by G. W. Fisher, an assignee of
creditors of Captain William Roberts
of San Lorenzo.
For some reason not explained
Branin had made a great ado over
the litigation and had become very
despondent, fearing he was going to
lose the case.
As he was abundantly supplied with
means it could not be understood why
he should seem so bothered about the
suit. Branin had not been at his post
in the County Clerk's office for a week,
devoting his time to the case, which
had been on trial. He told Deputy
County Clerk William Zambresky that
he would commit suicide If he lost.
Branin then started on a drinking
bout and wound up at home in a very
nervous plight.
Shortly before the big Klondike ex
citement Branin went to -Alaska and
struck rich claims, cleaning up about
$100,000. He returned to San Loren
zo, built a pretty home and estab
lished a stock farm and racing stable.
He was well known among horsemen
and was accounted a good fellow, lib
eral with his money and generous to
those who needed help.
Two years ago he wedded a Miss
Baxter of Berkeley. She Is with her
mother in the college town, having
presented her husband with a son.
Branin was 29 years old. He leaves
besides his wife, child and his mother,
two brothers and two, sisters, Who are
Jchn, William, Mamie and Grace
Branin. Deputy Coroner Geary of
Haywards took charge of the case.
VTATCTS MON'ET FOR DAMAGES.—Oak
land. Oct. S. — Trial of the damage «uit of
Mary KenneSy ajrainpt the Oakland Transit
Consolidated for $35,000 was bepun in Judr*
Meivln'* court to-day. The plaintiff says she
¦was thrown from a hay wagon on Park street
two ypar* a.go, when one of the corporation's
can collided with the wagtm. and that she
bruised and mangled under the car, losing
a leg by amputation later as a result of the
•iccldent.
"I am not prepared to name them to
night," replied Aitken, "it's too soon
after the bond election. In view of that
election," he continued, "I should like
to have a special meeting called to con
sider a matter of waty supply."
. Councilman Fitzgerald wanted the
meeting to .be confined to a discussion
of •Altken's scheme,: but Councilmen
Cuvelller, Elliott, Wallace and Howard
said the subject should be left open for
any proposition that might be offered.
The Council passed to print ordi
nances as follows: Calling for bids to
reconstruct the City Prison; fixing the
tax levy at St 26; establishing Harrison
boulevard, and appropriating $13,000 to
Improve it; calling for bids to paint the
City Hall.
Aitken replied : "I have a plan, but I
am not prepared to submit it to-night.
I understand that parties with a water
plan were unable to submit it. It's a
shame when capital from the East
can not get a hearing."
"Name them, name them," demanded
President Dornin.
"Now, Mr. President, I do not want
to be unnecessarily personal, but we
have submitted to considerable nag
ging from one of our own members
time and again. In private and in pub
lic we have been told that we would
not consider any water bond proposi
tion. W£ e have, always met these re
marks with the request that the mem
ber give us the benefit of any water
scheme' he may have, pledging our
selves to a full and fair consideration
of the same, but no scheme has been
forthcoming.
"In an article which appeared In our
evening papers, under date of SeDtem
ber 26, written by, or, to be more ex
act, signed by G. E. Aitken. the fol
lowing language appears: 'I am sure
a first-class plant with new distrib
uting system . could be got from more
than one company,' and further on.
'I am perfectly sure' a new municipal
water supply is practicable and avail
able for our .city.'. In consideration of
these remarks and believing this an op
portune time I. now In all candor. and
sincerity, not in order to vindicate any
action . this Council may have taken,
but as a matter of the greatest impor
tance to the inhabitants of this citv.
wish to ask Mr. Aitken through the
chair whether he has at present any
plausible water scheme by which this
city may obtain ' municipal ownership
of a water supply, and I respectfully
await an answer."
"For those repeating these reports in
ignorance or from the force of habit
of criticizing any administration which
happens to be in power I have a feeling
of pity. For those maliciously spread-
In these reports. I have a' feeling of
contempt, and for those making use of
this means with 'politics aforehtought'
I have a feeling of disdain.
"I am satisfied that the public gen
erally is convinced that we have given
every water proposition which has been
placed before us a fair and full Investi
gation, and that we deplore the fact
that up to the time when we were pre
pared to submit the improvement bonds
no scheme for water which we could
honestly place before the voters of our
city was at our command.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Th« City Council
to-night called a special meeting for
next Monday night to consider any
plans that might .be submitted for the
purchase of a municipal water supply.
This action followed a lively Inter
change of words, during which Coun
cilman G. E. Aitken was taken to task
by Councilmen Meese and Howard.
Meese Quoted statements made by Ait
ken, who had said he was sure a prac
ticable and available supply was to be
procured. Messe invited Aitken to pre
sent his scheme If he had any.
Aitken declared, that he was not
ready to make his plan public and
asked for a week's time. In the course
of his remarks he intimated that East
ern capitalists had been denied oppor
tunity to present a project. This
brought Councilman John L. Howard
to his feet with a declaration that he
resented innuendoes and mlsstate
ments. Howard said:
"When Mr. Aitken says this council
has not made an attempt to solve the
water problem he makes a mlsstate
ment that should be denied- The prop
osition he talks about would be laugh
ed at If It were made public. Work on
this water question has not stopped
and it is wrong for any member to say
that this council has ceased t odo its
duty. Such a statement is baseless."
In his challenge to Councilman Alt
iken, Meese said:
"During the last few months reports
have been circulated regarding the at
titude of this council in the water ques
tion. The persistent efforts of some
persona to have it appear that we had
absolutely shelved all consideration of
projects looking to the municipal own
ership of a water supply have no doubt
had some effect upon cl part of our
constituents, especially when these re
ports were made by those who knew
better. «
Howard and Meese Lead in
Accusing Associate of
Peculating Untrue Tales
Regarding Board's Work
LIVELY 'WORDS MAKE
MEETING INTERESTING
Judge Ogden to-day decided the
case of Harry N. Morse against the
Board of. Supervisors, in j connection
with the contract to build the' Mines
Road, In favor of the Supervisors, by
sustaining their demurrer . to Morse's
petition for. a permanent injunction.
. Judge Ogden said that' the ¦ proper
procedure In such a case was by writ
,of certlorari. As this had been tried
and failed, the case la supposed to be
finally settled, now that a' demurrer to
the Injunction - proceedings has also
been sustained. v
. The Supervisors awarded' to " W. J.
Schmidt of Berkeley the contract to
construct the Mines Road. Harry N.
Morse, a candidate for Supervisor,
sought to block the proceeding by
petitioning for an injunction. He de
clared that private persons, and not
the public were to be benefited by the
road.-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 3.
Charged by her husband, Fred
Graves, with Infidelity and made de
fendant In a divorce suit Instituted
by him four days ago, Mrs. Sarah A.
Graves attempted to end her life this
afternoon by inhaling gas at 'her home,
1016 Thirteenth street.
TV. H. Smith, a neighbor, whose wife
sued him for divorce two weeks ago,
naming Mrs. Graves as co-respondent,
discovered lira. Graves In her home at
3 o'clock. She was then unconscious.
It Is not known how long she had been
under the Influence of the poisonous
fumes. The police patrol took her
to the Receiving Hospital, where oxy
gen was administered. The attempt to
save her life, was' continued for-hours.
Smith remaining at the hospital to
watch the procedure.
The woman's husband is a ticket
oollector at San Francisco, for the
Southern Pacific Company. Smith is
a plumber of this city.
Oakland Office San Pranclsoo Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 8.
Struggle With Madman Oo
curs in the Presence of
His Mother and a Sister
Suit of Harry >N. . Morse
Settled by Judge -Ogden,
.Who Denies the Petition
Condition t Discovered by
Neighbor Whose Name Had
Been Linked Witli Woman
TUENED GAS ON IN EOOM
CUTS LORENZO STTTMAN
INJUNCTION IS DENIED
Oakland Councilman, Asked
to Produce Plans for New
Water. Works Plant, Prays
for Another Week's Time
-
Woman Sued for Divorce
on Statutory Ground No
Longer Cares for Life
Charles Branin Hacks His
Own Throat in Maniacal
Battle to Commit Suicide
Court Sets Aside Obstacle
Intended to Block Build
ing of New "Mines Koad"
CHALLENGE
IS PASSED
TO AITKEN
SDPERVISORS
SCORE VICTORY
DISGRACED WIFE
INHALES POISON
FIGHTS FRIEND,
KILLS HIMSELF
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, .TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
BRAVE YOUNG WOMAN COOLLY
PUTS A BURGLAR TO FLIGHT
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3. — The will of
James R. Lowe, a prominent attorney,
and former State Senator from this
county, was filed to-day. It is written
by himself on a single sheet of Manila
paper.. He ratifies deeds previously
made by which he conveyed to mem
bers of his family realty worth about
$70,000. The residue of his estate,
consisting of accounts.' Jewelry, etc..
he bequeaths to his daughter. Eleanor
F. Lowe, whom he names as sole ex
ecutrix.
Writes Will oa Wrapping Paper.
6
BBAMIH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUOTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 639.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J|i||||I \Cbsl no -more
•1|||||| tkan other Ha^-
E|||||| vaaiac Cigars.
W^ The DIFFER.
ENCE is in the
HH-QVALitr.--
&^Ej|^lF M1CHAUTSCHKBBROS&CO
P'viVEB BwSTIU0 0*03 * DIAZ
CARTERS) CCKE SKE HBKDACHB.
ratjTTtE Grauwa Must Bear
§ LY ?? Fa>SRnfle Signaturt
9PRJLa. .^m j*~ --•"-.-
'..'" , ADVERTISEMENTS. !".*
i ciJ^^^^^jyi^^ff^CiB^ts^cSflMami |
MODERN METHODS \
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of ~ •. i»
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much above
the average. Nothing is done on chance •
Each operation is successful because'
carefully considered and skillfully car-
ried out.
TEETH
Made by- us will last for^ many years.".
Gold FillLnsri. .S1.0O Bcrao Filling: ' 50a*<
Silver Fillings. . 50c! Extraction Free,"
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 TAYLOB ST., SA2T TBAHOZSCO.
973 Washington St.. Oakland.
San Jose. • • . Sacxaaeato,; Fall i hats. : 1904." Just \ arrived. '* nobbier
than ever., Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace."
. WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.— Anna Grif
fith has been ' appointed postmaster at
Yale, Cowlitz ' County, );vWashihgtori, :
vice Mary C. Smith/ resigned." '•-. ;
New Postmaster Named.
-. -WILL. NOMINATE .SENATOR.'—AL.AME
DA; : Oct. 1 3. — On .Wednesday < evening the He
publican 'District *;• Convention , 'will -meet irt
liindertnan Hall ¦¦ fore the purpose of nominat
ing ; a candidate ' to succeed ' State ' Senator Jos
eph t R.- a Knowland,^ reslmed. <'¦ • City > Attorney
M.\ W.; Simpson • will • be ( the: choice j of ; the I con
vtntion, he having no opposition.'^SSgssgggttf
' i New , things s to", burn > in . leather and
wood "novelties, and' prices. on pyrography
outfits are as low as the lowest. Don't
forget this..' Sanborn. 'Vail & Co., -.741
Market street., ; ¦ V ;
1 SANTA ROSA. Oct. 3.— The case of
George W. Reynolds, charged [with-as
sault* with a deadly-weapon, was tak
en under advisement this afternoon j at
the preliminary examination- .
Taken Under Advisement.
State : Insurance <'. Commissioner. My
ron \ E. '.Wolf on " Saturday caused war
rants ;to ¦ be ' issued in Sonoma County
for -the arrest;' of , J. P.* Belaricue'- and
T.F. Lewis. X It "Is alleged thafthey
have been soliciting insurance for the
Phoenix Indemnity Company, of Colo
rado, which Commissioner Wolf < says
Is i not \ authorized ? to i do business .; in
this, State." i''- .The : accused solicitors
have not : yet tbeen arrested*' " ", :
After , Insurance^. Agents.
Rev. C. Warner Called to Trinity.
The Rev. Carl Warner has been:ap
pointed 1 ' to .' the pastorate r 6f ¦ Trinity
Methodist Sp{scopal ; Church,-- corner
of Sixteenth and Market streets. ' Mr.
Warner, is a graduate of the University
of. California and is a, young man of
great promise.
From San Francisco— W. J. Hopkins
at the Gerard, B. 'Levy at the .Herald
Square, Dr.' A. H. Marshall .wife
at the Hotel Savoy, E. J. Regan at the
Park Avenue, S. B. Welsh at the An
sonia, Mrs. C. Winkle at the Wood
ward," T A. F. Bridges at the Navarre,
J*frs. E. Goetzen at the Woodward,
Mrs. Blanchard at the Netherlands," F.
W. Clampett at the York, Mrs. J.
at the Astor, T. Denigan
fa» , the New Amsterdam, Mrs. A. C.
Eldridge at the Broadway Central, A.
H. Gray at the Imperial, H. Harkins at
the Cadillac, Miss M. E. Hogan at the
Wellington, C.E. Schmidt and A. Jef
fers at the Ashland House, C. D. Kyne
and Dr. WV-L. Williamson at the Hoff
man : House, O. J. : Kron. A. Y. Kron,
Mrs. B. Y.Kron and W. H. Leitz at
the * Ashland . House, D. C. Leonardi
a nd * E. Leonardi at the Belvedere, C.
E. MatheWson at the Cumberland, K.
Melrose atVthe New- Amsterdam, T.
NIcholls and wife at • the Grenoble, T.
H.,Nichollsat the Marlboro, J. O. Sul
livan' at ', the • Grand .Union, • H. i Toland
a t . Cumberland, S. I. Warren and
Captain F."\W. Warren *at 'the Navarre,
NEW YORK, . Oct. 3. — The follow
ing Calif ornians arrived here to-day:
Callfornlans In New York.
Sunday Excursions October 9 and 16.
Many will ) remember the delightful
family excursions around the bay per
steamer "Sausalito" ¦ last fall. The ex
cursions will be. run again October 9 and
16, leaving Sausalito Ferry-Slip at 10:15
a. m. (leave Sausalito 9:20), returning
at 5:00 p. m. 60c round trip. No liquors
or gambling devices permitted on board.
Cafe vnit ¦ serve lunches, coffee, . ice
cream, etc./, all day. Trip will include
Union Irdh: Works, Goat Island Training
Station, Two Brothers, Vallejo (stop to
allow visit ; to Mare Island ? Navy . Yard
and the Russian cruiser "Lena"), Rac
coon Straits, Angel Island, ; Belvedere,
Sausalito, Lime Point, Alcatrax, etc.
Graeber- Mandolin Orchestra of 50
pieces, i Get ¦ your, tickets at 650 Market
street or ' at regular Sausalito r . Ferry
Ticket Office. The«je tickets will not be
sold by solicitors at Ferry building. . •
MAGNIFICENT BAY TRIP.
- The fall meeting of the San Fran
cisco presbytery was opened last night
at the Welsji Presbyterian Church,
with a sermon by the retiring modera
tor, the Rev. William Kirk Guthrie.
. The election of Alexander H. Mc-
Donald, a ruling elder of Trinity Pres
byterian Church, as moderator, : fol
lowed. ( / .
The Rev. Moses Bercowitz , and the
Rev. J. M. McElhlnney were elected
temporary 1 clerks. A communication
from President John S.' Macintosh, D.
D., of the San . Francisco Theological
Seminary at San. Anselmo, concerning
theological student work in the city
churches, was, favorably - received.
There was a second communication
from President Macintosh to the ef
fect that the overture from ¦ the Gen
eral Assembly respecting the union be
tween the Presbyterian , church , and
the Cumberland Presbyterian church
be taken. up for discussion' in the,De
cember meeting of the San Francisco
presbytery: * .' •
The meeting will be resumed at 9:30
o'clock this morning. N
Well-Known Citizen Honored by San
Francisco Presbytery Succeeds
R«r. W. K.'Guthrie.
VYoung Dewey":is what his chil
dren companions; call him/ but his
name is really De'wey Ritter, and he
lives with his : father at 152 /De Long
avenue. Yesterday a vicious bulldog
tore a pieceout of the'lobe'of the lit
tle fellow's ear. This necessitated his
removal ;to the - Park ; Hospital, where
the wound was dresaed.
Before drawing the lacerated parts
together.it was necessary to cauterize
the injured parts. During: this painful
operation 'and the' stitching of ,the
wound not a whimper or -complaint
escaped ihe namesake of the hero of
Manila Bay. When asked if he felt
the treatment Young Dewey answered,
"Of course I did, but you know my
name Is ; Dewey. , I'm called after the
great admiral who whipped the Span
lards • and"'.- with - that -¦ name I'd = be
ashamed • to : cry." '
Small "Boy Bravely Submits to Painful
Operation, Declaring He'd Be
Ashamed ' to Cry.
"YOUNG DEWEY" IS
WORTHY OF THE NAME
ALEXANDER H. McDOXALD
IS ELECTED MODERATOR
CAMDEN. N. J.. Oct. 1— Flr» to-<Jay de
stroyed the extensive rug factory of the Frtea-
Breslln Company, entailing a loss estimated
at $400,000; Insurance $325,000. Three fire
men were Injured.
C. J. Howell was convicted by a
jury yesterday in the United States
District "Court of. the crime of falsely
Impersonating an internal revenue of
ficer. The ' evidence, showed that
Howell provided himself with a tin
star and chewed a handful, of cloves
before presenting himself on June 8
in Rose McArdle's saloon on Mission
street. He demanded $100 from Miss
McArdle and made an improper pro
posal to her, threatening her with the
penitentiary in case she refused.
She said she preferred the peniten
tiary, and Howell placed her under
arrest and took her to'the "'police sta
tion in the Hall of Justice, where he
preferred against her a charge of sell
ing liquor without a revenue license.
When - asked for his own credentials
he ran out of the station and down
Merchant street, 'but was caught be
fore he reached Montgomery street.
The prosecution was conducted by As
sistant United States Attorney Charles
M. Fickert.
Threatens Rose SIcArdle With the
Penitentiary and Will Go There
Very Soon to Live.
HOWELL CONVICTED
s OX SERIOUS CHARGE
Judge Coffey yesterday Ordered that
commissions issue for the taking of
depositions of the manager or secretary
of the Massachusetts State Insane Asy
lum at Worcester and the Connecticut
Asylum at Hartford for use to the
Dolbeer will case. W. E. Fuller. Judge
of the Probate Court, will hear the
Worcester testimony. The Hartford
commissioner was not named. The
hearing of the Dolbeer contest was
orginally placed * on the calendar for
to-day, but Attorney Hiram Johnson
told the court yesterday that Schan
der's side of the cas^ was not ready. A
motion for continuance will be made.
The application of Attorneys Pillsbury
and Williamson, representing the ex
ecutors, for a commission to take the
depositions in New York of Dr. Homer
Gibney, Dr. George A. Taylor and C.
H. Wilson, notice of which was given
September 20, was continued for a
week. \
Dolbccr Commissions Ordered.
BREMEH WILL FILED.— The will of the
1«t*> William H. Bremer. stock and bend broker,
filed for probate yesterday. Dated October
*. 1003, it names the widow, Amelia Bremer:
son, Milton A. Bremer, and nephew. Albert
M. Bender, as executors. Half the estate is
left to the wife, . half of the remainder to her
and Binder in trust for the son until he Ehail
r^ach the age of 35 years, and the other fourth
to Mrs. Bremer In trust for the daughter,
Helen M. Bremer. who is to receive her share
*-hen she is 25. ""¦ %
and kindred" amusements kept the
children busy and out of mischief
during the intermissions of one of the
best amateur programmes ever seen
on any stage in this city.
To say what was the chief attrac
tion would be almost impossible. The
turnstiles at the gates showed that
almost 8000 persons passed in during
the afternoon. A casual observer on
the inside would come to the conclu
sion that the turnstile made half
rates on its register, as such an as
semblage of merry, romping children
has rarely been seen in this city. Of
course there were mammas, -papas
and aunties along to see that no acci
dents happened. The teachers also
kept a watchful eye on their charges,
but a guardian would require as many
eyes as a centipede has legs to keep
track of what was doing among the
mass of romping, care-free children.
Chief among the attractions was the
entertainment In the big theater. The
only complaint made regarding . it
was that the theater could not hold
enough people. Before the doors
were thrown open to the public every
seat had been sold. Those who were
disappointed yesterday have one con
solation—there will be other enter
tainments just as good during ' the
week.
The day was an ideal one so far as
climate was concerned. In the morn
ing the heavy fog which hung over
the city caused gloomy forebodings,
but before the sun Wad passed the me
ridian line the last trace of fog had
disappeared and the varied attrac
tions were enjoyed to their fullest ex
tent by the children.
The programme yesterday was as
follows:
Part I — Chorus, pupils of the Pacific Heights
School; selections from "Robin Hood" (De
Koven): "Aloha," Hawaiian song, directed by
Miss Estelle Carpenter, twioervispr of music.
Miss Fannie - Bliven accompanist; Scotch reel
in costume, Dorothy Rcss. Meda Thornton.
Madge Hamilton and Frances Dbusrherty (pu
pils of Mrs. Sibyl-Campbell Reid); vocal duet.
When you have an aversion to food It
Is an indication that you should take
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
Charles Fee, passenger traffic mana
ger of the; Southern Pacific Company,
accompanied by a party of friends, in
cluding O. D.~- Wheeler, advertising
agent of the Northern Pacific Railroad,
left last evening on a trip to the'Yo
semlte Valley.
Frank Buck, the well-known fruit
grower of Vacaville, and his family,
are staying at the Palace.
* John W. FarrellJ a merchant of
Chicago, returned yesterday from the
Orient and is at the St. Francis.
J. R. Robinson, chief engineer of the
Diamond Match Company's plants at
Chico and Stirling, is registered at the
Palace.
A. B. Thomas, who is connected with
a pencil manufacturing firm of New
York, is registered at the Palace. He
is making a tour of the coast.
• E. F. Hutton, a prominent young
broker and banker of New York, whose
firm recently established a branch in
this city, arrived at the. St. Francis
yesterday.
General . Manager Markham of the
Southern Pacific Company returned
yesterday from Chicago, where he has
been confering with the, Harriman lines
officials regarding the standardizing
of the latter roads.
Dr. J. Clack of Gllroy Is at the
Grand.
Dr. C. W. Nutting of Etna is at the
Occidental.
Dr. J. T. McDonald of Honolulu is
at the Palace.
Governor Pardee was a guest at the
Palace yesterday-
Major W. A. Purdy of Honolulu is
at the St. Francis.
•- Dr. James Hogan of Vallejo is reg
istered at the Grand.
C. R. Wisdom, a railroad man of Mc-
Cloud, is at the Palice.
Myron Hunt, an architect of Los An
geles, is at the St. Francis.
John Cunningham, a wealthy hop
grov/er of Ukiah, is at the Lick.
M. A. Murphy, manager of the
Testa Coal Company, is at the Lick.
A. H. Naftzger and wife of Los An
geles are staying at the St. Francis.
William G. KIrckhoff and wife of
Los Angeles are at the SL Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. George Sutton are
among the latest arrivals at the St.
Fraflcls.
P. C. Jones, one of Honolulu's old
and wealthy residents, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. Halstead of Honolulu
are among the latest arrivals at the
Occidental.
E. B. Whitehead at the BartholdJ.
From San Jose — F. S. Montgomery
at the Murray Hill, J. s. Montgomery
and wife at the Herald Square.
From Los Angeles— C. A. Tllnt at
the Holland, C. W^ Ounther at the
Navarre, J. House at the Cadillac. Mr.
Reeves- and wife and J. E. Kriehn at
the Continental. Mrs. A. Levy and Mra.
M. Levy at the Wellington, Miss M.
McConn and Miss TV Spencer at the
SL Denis. E. B. Spencer and wife at
the Imperial, H. Wickiser and wife at
the Albemarle.
PERSOXAIJ.
Truly it was a glorious day at the
Chutes yesterday for the teachers of
the public schools, the pupils and
their hosts of friends. The occasion
was the opening day of a carnival of
mirth, the proceeds of which are to be
devoted to the teachers' annuity and
retirement permanent fund. This af
ternoon, Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday ftie Chutes grounds will be
given over to the pedagogues of the
city and the receipts will be turned
over to the annuity fund. From the
time the gates were opened yesterday
afternoon until they closed at 6
o'clock last night the spacious
grounds were filled with a merry
throng, perhaps the' merriest that has
assembled within the walls of the
Chutes since its gates were first
thrown open to the public.
Of amusement there was plenty.
The regular concessions were all kept
busy, and aside from them" special at
tractions were provided. The fish
pond, the wonder tree, the grab-bag
Part II— Chorus, pupils of the Golden Gate
School, (a). "Pretty Little Polly" (Relnecke),
(b) "The April Child," directed by Miss Estelle
Carpenter, supervisor of music; . recitation,
Adele Regan;, clog dance, Ethel Jones; drill
boys of the Chinese School, under the direction
of Professor George Miehling; chorus, girls of
the Chinese School, under the direction of Miss
Estelle Carpenter; (a) "March. March, March"
(German), (b) "Grandpa. Grandpa. Come and
Dance with Me" (McCurrle). (o) "See-Saw"
(Gaynor), (d) "Jasmine Flower" (Chinese),
(e) "Mr. Due* and Mr. Turkey" (Neidllnger),
presented at the Grand Opera-house during the
Knights Templar • Conclave week; song, ¦ "Al
ways in the Way." Reuben Mayo; fancy dance
and song, Esther Cheney; song, "Ma Lady
Lu," Grace Whlgmore; Irish Jig,- Erna and
Mildred' Kelleher; song and dance. Elena Ly
non; chorus and tableau, 200 pupils of the
Jean Parker School, (a) "Cradle Song"
(White), (b) "To the Dance" (Denza) -(c)
**A New Hail Columbia" (Chadwick), directed
by Miss Natalie Monaco; tableau. "Columbia
and her Distant " Possessions" — Alaska,' Porto
Rico, .Hawaiian Islands, Philippine Islands
Tutulla, Guam. Midway (the cable station),
suarded by the army and navy. (The Jean
Parker School was - assisted In this by four
boys from the Washington Grammar School.)
"When We Are 'Warrled." Louise and An
nette Lntzenr*tce dance,- -"Pink Rose," " little
Irene Bacigalupi; grace culture, pupils of
Hancock School, .under the direction of Miss
Ellzalw-th Macintosh— Isabel Silvia, ' Millie
Mathlscn. Mary Ruscelli, Jessie Piaxgio,
Louis- BiiclgalUDl, Rcsle Kaelber, Alma Mor
ris, Frieda Westphal. Clara Wellman. Clara
Grieb, Laura Reimers, Irene Bardelllni. Pal
myra Bri-noli. KUzabeth Schmidt, May Ca
purro, Florence Wilson: violin trio, (a) Prae
ludlum. (b) Cavatlna. (c) Scherzo, Egldio,
William and Attlllo Lara la, sons of Profes
ser J-araU", teacher of the violin. Hancock
School; ««ne, "Bit of Blarney." Hazel Spl
netti; specialists. Victoria Orr. Queen' of
beauty, cuails of Hancock School, under the
direction of Mlns Elizabeth Macintosh, teacher
of :»hysical culture and elocution — Goddess,
Agnts Hansen; spirits of the' beautiful: dawn.
May Kesslng; day, Mabel Canepa; twilight,
Annie Mathisen: nlsht. May Cuneo; sea, Lil
lian Katz: forest. Flossie Katz; rainbow, Isa
bel Baclletto; flowers, Margaret Southern;
fairy, "Fairy Slumber Song," Wanda Becker;
dancing trrltes, Gertrude Fowler, Hazel
Splnettf, Irene Cuneo, Flossie Cross, Lillian
Gregory. Margaret Hanschen. Fan dance, Mar
garet Hansches.; Spanish dance, Irene Cuneo;
dance. Hazel :>t>lneul; clog dance. Lillian
Gregory: Highland Fling. Gertrude Fowler;
skirt danc*. Flossie Cross: band of children,
Hortense Gla&sman, . Adele Fevrier, Rose Pitto
Henrietta Schuhrer. Matilda Damon, Louise
Galloto. Jeanne Sauvaire.
The "Supreme Court yesterday de
nied Attorney George D. Collins' peti
tion that the Bar Association's accusa
tion against him be quashed, j His re
quest for permission to file a demurrer
was granted and after some argument,
the court set a limit of thirty days for
the ' filing . of all'" necessary papers by
both parties to the contest. *
Denman, who represented
the Bar made some
venomous remarks in referring to the
conduct of the accused. Collins, while
plainly hurt by the apparently un
necessary personal observations of his
opponent, made a very' manly reply
which seemed to arouse the sympa
thies of his hearers. The accused at
torney also intimated that he would
begin an action for perjury against
those responsible for the charges.
.The principal . against
Collins is that he declared his wife's
sister was his wife. ' Joseph Tobin of
the Hibernja Bank is pressing the
charges primarily.
Supreme Court Denies Attorney's Peti
tion That Accusation Against *-
Him Be Quashed.
REFUSES TO SET ASIDE
¦ THE COIiWNS CHARGES
Opening Carnival of Fun at the Chutes Nets Goodly
Sum for the Annuity and Retirement Fund.
More Davis Complications.
J. S. Clark of Tulare County yester
day petitioned the Probate Court for
appointment as administrator of the
estate of Jane Davis, who died at
Gal way. New York, September 19. The
application is in opposition to the pe
tition of the Public Administrator,
which was to have been heard yester
day by Judge Murasky, but was post
poned until October 17. Clark sets
forth that the deceased owned a half
interest in the property, 400 by 200
feet, at Twentieth and Tennessee
streets, valued at $30,000, and alsy
property in Tulare, Kings, Fresno,
gutter and Butte counties. Jane Da
vis was 87 years old, and in the .codi
cil to the will of her brother, Samuel
Davis, half of his estate, worth
J 1.668, 000. was left to her. A contest
against the codicil was begun last Fri
dav bv other heirs. -
-j .
CLEVER r YOUNG PUPILS : OF THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND OTHERS. WHO ARE GIVING THEIR SERVICES AT THE ENTER- I
I TAINME.NTS WHICH ARE BEING HELD DAILY DURING THE WEEK AT THE CHUTES TO SWELL THE TEACHERS*
I ANNUITY FLND. . j I
The communication was referred to
the joint committee on finance and
streets.
In accordance -with a previous un
derstanding with the Finance Commit
tee E. P. JE. Troy yesterday filed a
communication with the Supervisors,
in which he submits a number of ques
tions to the United Railroads for an
swer by the corporation. Troy alleges
that the company. is giving poor serv
ice and that 4534 persons have been
injured on its cars, thirty-six persons
having died in 1903 from street car
accidents. • Troy says further that the
company is using parts' of streets that
It has no right to and that the bad
condition of street pavement and dan
gerous rails still continues except on
Third street and' for three 'blocks on
Kearny street. -Troy requests the Su
pervisors to exact jfrom the railroad
company detailed Information relative
to its stocks, bonds, financial opera
tions, assets, cost of road, additions
made to the system, income account,
rentals and other matters. Follow
ing are some "of the questions which
Troy wants the company to answer:
Under what franchise and what clause of
name are curves laid at the corner of Post
and Kearny streets and D street and Sixth
and Eighth avenues?
What other curves have been laid during
the last two years, and under what franchise
rights? ,>-">
- . What franchise does the company claim to
hold that It is not now using: the whole or
any part of? Give the name of the streets
or curves?
What is the headway of the Fourth and
Ellis street cars and what was the headway
before the adoption of the present timetable?
vHow many "runs" have been . taken ¦ off or
added to this line by the last change in time
table?
What are the changes in headway and
runs on each route In the city by the last time
table? •
How many car washers are in the employ
of the company? Give the number at each
barn and the number of cars in the barn.
How often Is each car washed?
- What is the 'method of washing cars?
What is the actual cash expended upon the
property and equipment?
How much of this has been spent outside of
San Francisco?
- What' is the cash value of the property, le^s
depreciations, not including franchise values?
What do you value the franchises at?
What sum has bfen written oft' for depre
ciation?
What is the amount of stock issued?
' What is the amount of bonds .issued?
What is the par value of. each, the market
value to-day, and what has been the lowest
market quotation of each, and the highest,
and on what date?
—What provision has been made for a sinking
fund for the bonds?
To what bonds does the sinking fund ap
ply, and how much to each issue?
Mr. Ehrhorn, quarantine officer for
the Horticultural Commissioner of Cal
ifornia, recognizes the danger. He said
yesterday that the Horticultural Com
missioner was anxious to have the veg
etable grower protected against all
pests and has instructed that every
precaution vhall be taken to keep out
the cucumber fly. The work of guard
ing the borders grows steadily more
important. With the increase of com
merce with other countries the danger
increases. The cucumber fly has wings
and the power to carry pest breeding
eggs all over the country if once an
entrance is grained through a Pacific
Coast port. Mr. Ehrhorn has heard
about the menace in China and Japan.
The cucumber fly. once introduced, will
be • thousand times harder to fight
than ever the San Jose scale was. No
cucumbers, melons or anything that
could be supposed to harbor the cu
cumber fly have been permitted to
enter this port for some years. Un
••easirg vigilance will be necessary to
keep the guard against pests. The
may be brought in soil. -Every
fruit grower, every raiser of vegeta
bles and every business man in the
State is interested in the exclusion of
the cucumber fly.
To the vegetable grower the intro
duction into California of the fly would
be disaster. Fruit pests have caused
damage to the amount of many mil
lions of dollars to orchardlsts. The cu
cumber fly would harm the vegetable
farmer just as badly, in a financial
China and Japan have suffered
largely. In certain parts of the world
the cucumber files, which carry the
formidable scientific name of Dacius
cucurbitae and still thrive perniciously,
have so ruined crops of melons and
cucumbers that such products can be
raised only under glass or netting and
the price is almost beyond reach. A
email melon brines $1. Other sorts of,
vegetables that have been mentioned
in the foregoing carry corresponding
rates when marketed.
The vegetable growers of California
and, indeed, of the entire United States
are threatened by the cucumber fly.
This fly destroys watermelons, cucum
bers, muskmelons, pumpkins and to
matoes. So rapidly does the cucumber
fly multiply that no tomato or melon
or cucumber is permitted to get half
ripe before it is punctured and made
the depositary of eg-gs. The eggs soon
hatch Into niagrgrots and soon the en
tire melon is ruined.
Horticultural Commissioner
' Orders That All Possible
Precautions Shall Be Used
Information Relative to
,the Curves at Different
Points Is Also Demanded
P00K SERVICE ALLEGED
' ORIENT SUFFEES BY PEST
This Insect Can Destroy All
Crops of Certain Kinds in
Very Short Period of Time
E. P. E. Troy Asks Supervi
sors to Question the United
Kailroads as to Operations
CUCUMBER FLY
IS NEW DANGER
WOULD GRILL
THE COMPANY
THR SAN *' FRANCISCO> GALL, -TUESDAY, OCTOBER: ,4; .-190i.
TEACHERS ARE MIRTHFUL
7
piCagers -~ v -
,•¦•'-.' ' • ¦
On Every Purchase of
$ 1 .00 or Over
There Will Be "Something
Doing" to the Amount
of. $1.00 Free.
Misses' Uniforms. Shirt Waist Silks.
-A| ap This is a special offering /a a yard — Again you have a
\\ y*) for Tuesday. The uni- \wQ chance for more of the $i'.oo
v ' ; forms are made in the v^ v and $1.25 Silks, some of
- regulation " style, of extra quality which were placed on sale Mon-
stripe .Seersucker; the waist has day. You will certainly find the
fitted lining. These uniforms newest thing in the fall shades, and
make comfortable house dresses. much lower prices than ever be-*
• fore. i
MissesV Long Coats. & G " Corsets
(fr£ ir Th « e Coats a « madc i-orseis.
tDU Zr) specially for misses and (Second "Fioor.v
. 2? 1 ?! 1 womcn - Thc y a pair— "R. & G." Cor-
«. come in Oxfords, medium gray \| At sets, madc of the best
and fancy mixtures; have deep V««" qua ij ty French Sateen;
capes, velvet military collars and bound at the top and bottom with
turnback velvet cuffs. The backs wide satin ribbon. Every pair is
are strapped and are made full boned with real whalebone, and
length. Ages 12 to 16 years. Its they can be had in either black or
equal cannot be found for less drab colors. Sizes 18 to 26. Reg-
-thanSxo.00. || ular price § , 5 a
Fancy Waistings j Children's Dresses.
1fl/* a_ya. rd — T . his is a splendid , Q These Dresses are made of
I HQ offering m new woven AXC very good quality Flannel-
• waistings. They are not *UV ette> in pretty bIue and
printed; all the new shades are white and pink and white checks
being shown— tan, red, turquoise, that wash well. These Dresses
olive, steel blue, navy, brown, etc. have box-pleated yoke and have
» These waistings have been reduced ruffle over the shoulder. Worth
from 15c a yird. 75c
,
til ._ 1
ALWAYS RELIABLE
1238- 125O MARKET ST.oSk
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Brand ki
H Evaporated i
BBS lallfiQin ?"'*}
SB bears the above cap label Bh
ill Contains fully as much M
H food substance per can as W$a
Hj| the watery imitations la E§f
HH larger cans. ' MB
ii It Is smooth and perfect Hi
H because skillfully pre- JraL
Jragj pared. Its purity is j iL
J&£gr_^ ' guaranteed.
" ... a . TnrTMTnrT.-- -.^^^^iiuiiiji^^i' imii~mi
¦ .
New goods arriving daily. Carload after carload of choice
patterns from the world's greatest mills.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD. "NUF-CED." ;
T^ n \ run l\ r\ *¦»? Mahogany finished frame, upholstered d*17 9t
i/U V ClipUFU inverona, best steel spring. Price . . «P%2ft «O^
A Choice Line Ranging Up to $175.00 Each.
THE ECONOMY SALESROOM
Is becoming more popular each day. Hundreds of artistic pieces at # from one-
quarter to one-third less than the regular price. '
C The Carpet designers have excelled
£BK OUK0OL .dTTk. imBt 43^. themselves !a this year's patterns. Ori-
t2G1 T^^Tjg^l FS»ffi Ip v£k ental, Fioral, Persians, two-toned and
&*fl /* kLJI t|C!# ILvra in colorIn S s » *k at wi * 1 matcn an y
ffl& >S^ \&\ar scheme. As a sample
_ _ v- •• of our prices we quote \Jr ffjl g>\
Wilton Wool Velvets; large range of paltenw; a weave that is too &'
¦well known to require description. Per yard '.^r ~
245-259 GEARYS* @& THE S© W&BSELike Marius sitting in solemn solitude upon the stones of Car
thage, William Waldorf Astbr stood upon the deck of the steamer
taking him back to. England, unhonored and unsung. A. man with
out a country indeed is this self-expatriated man of millions.
Thirty ladies of Ventura sallied into the town board meeting
with floral tributes wherewith to crown the town fathers when they
had passed the measure dear to every heart ol them. But the board
balked on their end of the festival and the Ventura ladies will prob
ably carry vegetables next time.
Russian officials announce that the sending of another arm v
corps to the front signifies the certainty of ultimate victory. When
escape from utter annihilation at the hands of the Japanese is cred
ited as a victory to the Muscovite arms by the fond tacticians in
St. Petersburg we may well understand the import of this latest
boast. .
Since the home > woman is the indis
pensable woman, . It jj Is a pity she so
often allows herself to fail /of her full
development and reward, says Harper's
Bazar. She is apt to be so unselfish
and so conscientious that she lets the
four walls of home narrow about her.
and the I simplest - remedy is to have ; at
least one outside interest. The woman
who takes up one -ho Dby, one charity,
one line of work beyond her household
cares, and follows It steadily, .will -find
that it brings freshness and power with
it: It becomes both outlook and inflow
to her. . And the woman with fa hobby
grows old: so slowly that she often
never, grows old at all, but keeps to the
last that freshness of Interest which is
the mark of youth. . ; : . I s -';-,'
Have a Hobby.
SUGGESTIONS for the appropri
ate selection of a wife and then
"how to be happy though mar
ried to her," have ever been fa
vorite ,and fertile themes for
- masculine writers, both ancient
and modern. Not much Is said about
the man, the impression evidently pre
vailing that he is all right if he be
made comfortable, says a contributor
to the Philadelphia Inquirer.
Great stress Is Invariably laid- upon
a well-kept house, economy and a
good and varied table. It seems sur
prising that from Juvenal down the In
tellectual matron has been in bad color,
there being great unanimfty In the be
lief that domesticity is endangered by
an overplus of brains. Juvenal de
clares:
Oh, never may the- partner of ray bed '
With subtleties of logic stuff her head.
Nor whirl her rapid ; syllogisms , round,
Nor with Imperfect enthymemes con
found. ' ; .
Enough for me if common things she
know
And boasts the little learning schools
bestow.
I hate the female pedagogue who pores
Over her grammar hourly, who explores
All modes of speech, regardless of the
sense,
But tremblingly alive to mood and tense;
Corrects her country friends and cannot
hear
Her husband solecize without a sneer.
Tbackerayalso inveighs against wives
who drive their husbands to find so
lace In the clubs, the fault being "yours
forsooth, who are too Intellectual to
go Into the kitchen and too delicate
to . think about your husband's jj vic
tuals."
"Ill cooked Joints and ill-boiled po
tatoes," according to Smiles, "often put
asunder; those whom God.hai Joined In
matrimony"; while "the : misery of a
whole life, nay of a whole series of lit
tle and big lives and subsequent ruin
and. suicide arose," according to an
other wise man, "out of an obstinate
practice of seeing a leg of mutton three
days running in a respectable family."
Brains, Dear Madam, Are Indeed Necessary
if You Wish to Have a Real Happy Home
NOW that the ashes of the Panama affair are being assiduously
raked over by Democratic leaders in the hope that some small
coal therefrom may be blown into the flame of opposition,
there comes from General Rafael Reyes, President of Colombia, a
statement calculated to give pause to the wheezing Democratic bel
lows. General Reyes, who represented his country at Washington on
a special mission after the acknowledgment of the Panama republic,
and who new sends to the Colombian Congress his official mes
sage concerning the same, arraigns the short-sighted policy of that
body in its entire dealings with the United States and declares that
Colombia has no one but herself to blame for, the loss of the isthmus
province. v -
"We must aamit," reads President Reyes' message, "that the
United States Government had granted to us by way of compensa
tion in the Hay-Herran treaty much more than we had asked in the
memorandum of our Minister at Washington, which served as a
basis of that treaty. Con\paring these two documents the United
States might well point to the generosity of its dealings with Co
lombia and obtain the public opinion of the civilized world in con
sidering as an indisputable fact that the obstinacy of our Govern
ment was the only real obstacle to the construction of the canal by
the United States." - .^ :
This review of the case by the President of the republic which
has been held up by the Democratic press and Democratic speakers
as the innocent victim of spoliation and oppression by a stronger
power certainly throws a new light upon affairs. General Reyes,
one of the very few statesmen of the South American state worthy
the name, and who was unalterably opposed to the grasping and
short-sighted policy of the Colombian Congress, now as head of the
nation places the onus of Colombia's loss where the administration
at Washington first placed it when Panama became recognized as
an independent state.
Under this new aspect of affairs our friends on the other side
must fly in the face of Colombia itself when they continue to draw
a political moral from the incident in question. Now we may enjoy
the comedy of a general negation, not only of the official words of
the President of the United States, but of the President of Colombia.
The spectacle will have its instructive aspect likewise.'
PRESIDENT REYES VERSUS THE DEMOCRATS.
The census figures show not a decrease in the number of people ]
in this country engaged in gainful vocation', but a large increase. The j
number of merchants increased between 1880 and 1890 38 per cent, '
and the number of drummers or commercial travelers in the same
time increased 228 per cent, proving an increased demand for their 1
services, through the activities of competitive trade. In the twenty i
years ending with 1900 the population increased 52 per cent and ,
the number of merchants 73 per cent. Along the whole line of occu- j
palions, manual, professional and mercantile, there was an increase
in the number profitably employed.
Conditions bear no more resemblance to those preceding the :
French revolution than Hearst bears to a patriot and decent
American. His editorial misrepresents his country and .his coun- |
irymen. Yet it is characteristic of him. In public matters he thinks j
in the terms of lawlessness and murder. His ideas run to assas- j
sination. He declared his purpose in an editorial in 1901 to make •
people discontented, saying it in these terms: "You should be in as
many ways as possible a breeder of discontent among the human '
beings around j'ou." Then after denouncing McKinley as "An
abject, weak, futile and incompetent poltroon," he continued for i
weeks and months his analogies drawn from the French revolution. 1
After the President was murdered Hearst was run to cover by j
universal public indignation, and did not venture out again until he j
emerged as a candidate for the Democratic nomination for the Pres- j
idency. What a spectacle is presented by the fact that he was the
second choice of that party as the nominee and came near being j
first! _ ' • .. .., ,... . I
Now he is growing bold in the public forgetfulness of events j
leading up to the assassination of McKinley and is beginning again ,
his propaganda of discontent with murder as the remedy of the '
evils he pretends to see in our economic conditions. All this is done
with a cold heart and a deliberate purpose, to secure for himself and
his party advantage by grossly defaming his country. There are !
plenty of fools and featherheads, non-thrifty and crooked thinkers !
whose addle brains are tinder for his torch, and no one need be sur- •
prised if his tactics shall lead up to an attempt to enact another j
national tragedy. |
This false and incendiary talk is an invitation to lawlessness,
disorder and murder. Its falsity is proved by every man's knowledge
of conditions in this country.
MR. HEARST is getting back to the politics of the French revo
lution. For more than a year before the assassination of
President McKinley Mr. Hearst likened him to Louis XV Ij
and said that ne:ct to ex-President Cleveland he was the most j
hated and despised man in the Western hemisphere. Conditions in I
this country then were likened by Mr. Hearst to the conditions pre
ceding the reign of terror in France, and anarchists were invited to
quit conspiring against the lives of small fry and to strike at the
lug ones. The morning: of the day on which the President was
murdered Mr. Hearst printed a cartoon of him as a negro minstrel
doing a clog and a coon song in which he expressed his delight at
ihc suffering of what Hearst calls "the common people."
He has now renewed this kind of- campaigning in an editorial
in which he says: "There is always muttering among the poor j
and feeble. They are always dissatisfied, but they amount to little j
and their voices do not travel very far. There was much sighing, j
weeping, starving in France before the great revolution came. Peas- j
ants died of the plague in tens of thousands and ate each other's ,
dead bodies. Mankind in the mass were slaves, but the able men
always found a comfortable little place at the top. The danger:
came, and poor fat old Louis lost his head when the able men began j
10 grumble. In this country the grumbling no longer- comes merely j
fiom the cheap, small fry that can be bought at the polls — or bought j
more cheaply later in Legislatures. You have the whole class ,of j
American bankers worrying about themselves. You have the big
class of lawyers worrying about themselves. They find the great trust
killing off the small merchant and manufacturer with his myriad of
lawsuits. The drummers of America, another active and influential
class, have had their severe dose of medicine. Push these gentlemen
away from the trough as you are now doing and you "will have trou
ble on your hands which will become part of history — and be written
on vour tombstone."
CALAMITY POLITICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
.JOHN V. SI'miCKEI.S : _ . ••• 1'roprlctor
AiiU!.»:.-s a;.:, communications to
'£H1^ 11 ! -V- :/-•:: :-- • • • ¦•:-_^:j^j-ip:^^^---^ n nT^- "
7ri U'-A-noN ciffi;e thiri» axp makkkt stkeet?. san fhan-ci»--'.
TUESDAY.? -—,'-•-•- -• OCTQ - BER - 4 '- 1904
THE OPPOSITION OF
THE PLANET JUPITER
BY ROSE O'HALLORAN
prevails on the surface of this semi
sun. Black and white spots, probably
in upper strata. large white spots float
ing at great depths and an immense
red tract, also deeply submerged in
pellucid strata, these objects, whether
sofid, fluid or vaporous, are the clews
from which a rotation period at 9 hours
and 56 minutes has been deduced.
Yielding slightly different evidenre,
a similarity, to the laws of solar ro
tation was supposed, but the assiduous
observations of Professor Hough of the
Dearborn Observatory. Evanston, 111..
-PHOTOGRAPH OF THE PLuVXET
JUPITEK SHOWING ITS SUR
FACE PECULIARITIES.
DURING these weeks the Jovian
planet, now bo conspicuous in the
east, fully Justifies its prehistoric
name. Temporarily at least, it is
the monarch of the starry sky. Not
since the autumn of 1892 has It shone
so brilliantly as at -present, surpassing
even Venus going down In the west as
the great planet rises. On October 18,
when our earth, speeding onward in
its orbit .comes between the sun and
Jupiter,' the latter will not be many
degrees past the point of Its elliptical
path nearest to the luminous central
orb. The combined results of opposi
tion and of Jovian perihelion bring us
within about 370,000,000 miles of Jupi
ter, which is 46.000,000 miles nearer
than in March, 1898, when opposition
occurred, not far- from the point of
Jovian aphelion. •-
These opportune seasons recur at in
tervals of about twelve years, in which
time Jupiter completes a revolution
around the sun. On the last occasion,
September, 1892. Professor Barnard dis
covered a fifth satellite with the 36-
Inch Lick refractor. Only a hundred
miles in diameter, it goes around the
planet twice a day, and was undis
covered heretofore, though since recog
nized in a few large telescopes. This
great discovery may not be rivaled dur
ing the present season, but neverthe
less, the medium-sized and the small
telescope, the opera-glass'and even the
naked eye can be used with effect at
the time of nearest approach. For
large instruments the chief investiga
tion will be as to the condition of the
Jovian surface. Unlike the moon, Mars
and our globe, the surface of Jupiter
is a scene of such frequent change that
it is 'considered to be in a sun-like con
dition, though * cooled and no longer
self-luminous. The great size of the
planet, which is 87,000 miles in diameter,
would necessarily prolong the process
of cooling beyond that of smaller bod
ies, while expansion, caused by fierce
internal glows, would maintain the Im
mense volume in contrast to its light
mass, which is only 316 times that of
the earth.
Though sharply outlined, the colos
sal sphere is now regarded as a mass
of heated vapor, nearer to. the consis
tency of water than to that of air, of
various densities, not only in the up
per strata, . but at depths visible
through its nearly liquefied substance.
It may have no solidity even at its
center.
Such a body cannot be readily lik
ened to the crusted earth, with its shal
low, transparent atmosphere imme
thodically cloud-strewn. The coldness
of space and sunlight affect the differ
ing densities of the Jovian surface
more symmetrically and Its tinted belts
extend parallel to its equator, though
rarely intruding on that brighter zone.
Thus, to telescopic vision, Jupiter Is a
pale golden orb, oval in form and pro
fusely garlanded with crimson hues.
The rapid rotation of the still plastic
mass has compressed the polar dlam-'
eter to the' extent of 5000" miles." Its
tinted aspect may be due to alternate
zones of different density, the belts be
ing translucent spaces of great depth,
suffused with sunlight and reflecting
only the red rays. Frequent changing
in number and in form, their gnarled
edges jind their tendency to spotted
ness indicate that turbulent motion
show that Jovian equatorial markings
have not always the swiftest motion,
, that an occasional spot beyond the
central zone rotates in nine hours fifty
minutes, 'and that adjacent spots may
give contradictory evidence. Accord
ing to this skilled observer, sub
mergence is the explanation of such
discrepancies, which in that case are
only seeming. The accuracy attained
is indeed more striking than the dis
cordance of the results, rievond this
visible surface there prcrbablv extends
an enveloping atmosphere, as the disk
has the sunlike feature of -decreasing
luster near the limb. Besides the end
less changes of its diversified surface,
the interesting planet also varies the
circuit of its* satellite system by
transits, eclioses and occupations.
Some London observers have been re
cently discussing, rather skeptically,
the visibility of the larger moons with
out magnifying power, which is> not
surprising in a locality where fog and
smoke obscure the sky. In the high
Sierras they have been seen by Pro
fessor George Davidson and Professors
Barnard and See have also been able
to ~ discern them at the altitude of
Flagstaff; Ariz. The third and fourth
satellites are about 3000 miles in diam
eter, and If the weather be clear near
the date of opposition, October 18, this
interesting " observation may be re
peated by keen sighted persons, espe
cially when Jupiter comes .to the me
ridian. A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 1 IIESDAY, OCTOBER ,4, 1904.
; "Love me, ; love my dogV. .Is' ; a
proverb. Who says, however,
"Love me, love my friend ?", > "P.
Gold is the radium which warms
every heart' .•' ¦'.. ',"•-.-
A man and his honeymoon soon
part - :.: ".."
-Friendship is»a name which we
often give to familiarity.
A cottage is enough for the hon
eymoon, but the full moon re
quires a palace.
Love Is friendship with one.de
sire present and'all theotherB ab
sent; friendship is love with one
desire absent and all- the ! others
present* • v
Originate, originate more, al
ways originate; those who origi
nate are the pioneers of thought,
who lead humanity to the prom
ised land. :'".;: '.
Eve ry d ay Ph i I oso p hy
A newly discovered cotton .tree in
Mexico promises to rival in production
the cotton plant of the United States. ,"
THE DRUIDS— Subscriber, City. The
Ancient Order of Druids, a secret
benevolent order, was founded In Lon
don, England, in 1781- The first grove of
the order in the United States waa
founded in the city of New York in 1833,
EDUCATION— A. O. S., City. The
United States Bureau of Education at
Washington. D. C. Is in charge of ona
Commissioner, whose salary Is $3000 per
annum.
STOCKINGS.
Trltcma is a novelty.
Emerald srreen is rich.
Magenta silk Is gorgeous.
"Good plain silk ones cost 1 2.
All colors are seen (in the shops).
All-white calls for white stockings.
Black must be worn with black
shoes.
As a rule plain stockings are most
elegant
/ Colored - embroideries are, apt to
have a crude: look.
Real Chantilly- appliques are very
distinguished. ¦ ¦ . . .. - .
Answers
Earmarks.
r "How do you. know: that they are not
married?"
• ; yish't ¦ he" carrying all the packages ?"
—Detroit Free Presa* . . :
One's Wife.
•Wife— I hope you talked plainly to
him.^- - ¦ ¦ - : -:-;.-; •« - ; .
, (Husband— I did,' indeed. I told him he
was a fool, a perfect fool.'
• Wife/ (approvingly)— Dear John! How
exactly like you!— London Punch;
Explained.
"Say, pa?"
"Well, what?"
> "Why, does that man in the band run
the trombone down his throat?"
''I suppose it Ms because he has a
taste for music"— Town Topics.
Onto the Horse.
"Pop!" -;••-¦ - -
. "Yes, my son."
"Who was Centaur?"
"Centaur, my son, waa a man who
never got stuck on a horse trade; he
was on to the horse."— Yonkers States
man.
Bits of Humor.
GLOVES.
They must be clean.
They are worn large.
Try on very, carefully at first.
Choose a soft, pliable leather.
Too often cheap gloves are cheap.
. Be sure the fingers go in straight.
Benzine is as good as any cleaner.
Gloves are cleaned on the hand or
a form. ¦ - A " ¦/•
Gloves to keep should be wrapped
in tissue paper.
• An expert • says the cleaned glova
should dry on the hand.
The people da not turn to s*a»
When ho goes by;
He toils denied the Joy of praise.
No banners fly
In token of his worth; his name
The busy world has never learned;
If death should come to-night to crouch
Relentlessly beside his couch
The world would roll on unconcerned.
Yet, when his common task is dona,
Beside his gate
There stands an eager little ona
With arms that wait
To clasp themselves around his neck.
With pure lips that await his kiss. - .
And though his work may never brtnft
Him fame or wealth, what greater thing
May any man achieve than this?
— S. E. Kiser. In Chicago Record-Herald.
Importance
"I like to visit at Dick's house," said
an old \ bachelor lately; "everything
is so mighty comfortable there, and
yet Mrs. Dick doesn't seem to be al
ways slaving. She must be a mana
ger." After all, that is tlje secret.
Headwork! Or, as out- grandmothers
used to say: "Making the head save
the,. heels," a faculty that requires
brains.^gM- • '
A single note in the other direction
is happily sounded by Jerome, who
asks:
"Who Invented, the mischievous
falsehood that the way to a man's
heart is through his j stomach? How
many a silly woman, taking it for
truth, has let love slip out of the par
lor while she was busy in the kitchen?"
Does not the truth lie in a happy me
dium between these two extremes a
house neat and well managed in every
respect, and yet all the wheels so well
greased that -they "go round" without
calling the attention of the world to
all the secrets of their solution?
For shirt waists there's a new fab
ric. It is the richest looking stuff,
though it has not a thread in it that
isn't cotton. But it is mercerized cot
ton, and that makes all the difference
in the world. The goods is very soft,
heavy and rich looking, and of a
handsome canvas or basket weave.
This new stuff comes in a variety of
plaids, about half of the surface of
each being white. In one of these
blue will predominate; In another red
and in still another green, says an ex
change. /<\
These plaids come at a most oppor
tune time. A pleasing novelty is al
ways acceptable, and just now, when
womankind is keeping her eyes open
for something not entirely common
place for her winter shirt waists, it is
particularly timely.
One admirable feature of this fab
ric for the Ubiquitous shirt waist Is
that it will require no trimming. And.
in fact, the plainer it is the better, it
will look. This is very likely to be
the case with heavy goods, and as for
plaids, we all know what ticklish
things they are to trim. Well cut
with a few, plaits so laid as not to
make ugly breaks in the pattern of
the plaid (this is an important item),
this new stuff Is certain to be fetching
and to be a desirable addition to any
woman's collection of cool and cold
weather wear.* With a white collar
and a plain silk tie a woman will be
well dressed above the belt, at any
rate.
NEW SHIRT WAIST FABRIC.
HOMINY MUFFINS. — : Beat two
eggs light, add one cup of warm
boiled hominy and one. cup of milk.
Add also two tablespoons of melted
butter. Mix with one and one-half
cups of flour sifted with two level tea
spoons of baking powder and a salt
spoon of salt. Pour the batter Into
greased muffin tins, and bake In a.
rather quick oven.
RICE PUFFS. — Put one pint of cold
boiled rice in a bowl, add to it- one
cupful of milk, three well, beaten eggs.
one tablespoonful of melted butter, a
teaspoonful .of baking: powder, one
teaspoonful of sugar, a dash of salt,
and sufficient flour to make a thick
drop batter. Drop by spoonfuls Into
hot fat and fry until brown. Drain on
a napkin and dust with powdered
sugar.
BREVOIS. — Cut stale brown or
white bread In inch squares; put ona
teaspoonful of butter in a frying pan,
put in the bread and cover with milk;
cook until soft, turning the squares;
add a few bits of butter and salt to
season; serve hot.
Recipes
ONE MAN WITH TWO NATURES?
"The people need a judicial Chief ) Magistrate, but not too judicial a candidate. The
judge is trained to look' at both sides s of a case; the candidate should have his hands full in
looking after his ozvn. From the judge is expected cautious deliberation; from, the candidate
inspiration, energy, promptness and aggressive impidse."^— Joseph Pulitzer* s Letter to the
Democratic Editors. :-, . . -, ;. . , *
Fashions
The man who has wagered that he will stand, barefooted on a.
300-pound cake of ice untilj it melts if Parker is not; elected had best
bejrin a course in epidermal -toughening immediately/
-. "Why, 5 he told me. he stopped his auto
once yesterday, because there .was a ¦ pe
destrian 'An? his i road." ; "?/•.
'. ','But I -believe the "pedestrian had a
cun."— Philadelphia \ Presa "
Reason for It.
\ "Skorcher must be getting -weak
minded," said the first autonu bilist
"I haven't' noticed I t." j replied; the
other. f %&£$ti&fi$££i&P&$$8ttll&
8
Xownsend's California Glac* ' fruit* la
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market *t*.
Special information ' supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cafe
lfornia street Telephone Mala 1042. •Chief Wittman. received a dispatch
yesterday . from ' Mrs. Sutton of Los
Angeles 'to the following effect:. "If
possible locate Mrs. Sadie Reynolds
and notify her that her mother is dy
ing." The , police have no knowledge
of - Mrs. Reynolds' address, but Detec
tive AntHony is endeavoring to ' find
her.-^j&SEKHBlKMBttHtaBHBSMfli
Sirs.^Reynolds' -Mother Dying.
CONFESSES TO MANY BURGLARIES.—
Oakland. Oct. 3. — The police say Charles
Meyers, under arrest at Redwood City, has
confessed that he plundered M. V. .Castro's
Jewelry rtortf 060^ East Fourteenth street, on
September 10. Meyers, tt is asserted, has ad
mltted that he has committed thirteen bur-
Claries ln the bay counties.
- $2.00 buys a card index drawer, 500
record cards, alphabetical Index and 25
guide 'cards. Loose leaf ledgers, price
book* and all* modern office systems,
printing, etc Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
Good Things for little Money.
The speaker surgested the appoint
ment of a committee to confer with
ministers of other denominations to the
er.d of procuring concerted action on
the refusal to perform the marriage
ceremony excepting when the divorce
has been secured on scriptural grounds.
A committee consisting of the Rev.
A. C. 15a ne. Rev. George A. Hough,
and the Rev. Mr. Williams of Simpson
Memorial Church was appointed to
confer with other denominations on
the question.
The matter of the movement which
is on foot to bring before .the voters
the raising of the liquor license was
considered. The Rev. Mr. Bane ex
plained that 10,000 registered voters
had already signed the petition favor
ing high license. The ministers-ac
quiesced in the movement
Another matter to which Mr. Bane
The remarrying: of divorced people
vas one of the subjects presented by
the Rev. A. C. Bane before the Metho
dist' Ministers' Association yesterday
morning.
He suggested a united movement on
the question among the different de
nominations. Mr. Bane said, as the
matter now stands, if a minister re
fuses to perform the marriage cere
mony where either of the parties has
been divorced, they could so .elsewhere
and find some one willing to officiate-
Clergy Oppose Bemarrying:
People Whose Hymeneal
Ties Have Been Broken
DIVORCES STIR
UP AGITATION
Dr. C R. Brown of me First Con
gregational Church, Oakland, and other
ministers discussed the papers on
"Christian Science" read at a former
meeting of the association by Dr. Hop
kins of the First Congregational
Church, Berkeley. . V
. The election of officers for the Pres
byterian Ministers' Association result
ed yesterday in the selection of the
Rev. J. H. Laughlin for president, the
Rev. H. N. Bevier vice president, and
the Rev. J. M. McElhinney secretary
and treasurer.
Professor H. Allison of the Pacific
Theological Seminary, Berkeley, deliv
ered a most interesting address on
"The Authority of the Preacher" be
fore the Baptist Ministers' Association
yesterday.
A pleasant surprise > came to the
members of the Congregational Minis
ters' Association yesterday, when the
Rev. William Rader presented himself
fresh from his trip to London. He was
accorded a most hearty welcome home.
The election of officers of the Minis
ters' Association for the next six
months resulted in the choice of the
Rev. F. A. Keast as president, the Rev.
William Angwin vice president and
the Rev. Carl Warner secretary and
treasurer. . -
called attention was the proposed gen
eral Saturday half -holiday, which he
hoped his brother ministers would sup
pert.
Wife Says Former Husband Is Nearly
$1000 in Arrears — Other Divorce
Matters.
Maud Elinor Spencer, who obtained
a divorce from Henry M. Spencer, yes
terday filed an affidavit that he had not
kept up the payments of $75 a month
alimony ordered by the court and that
on August 15 he was $995 in arrears.
Judge Seawell ordered Spencer to show
cause on October 10 why she should
not be punished for contempt.
Judge Hunt yesterday denied the mo
tion made on September 2 to vacate
the portion of Judge Sloss' judgment
of July 1, 1903, granting a divorce to
Amelia B. Grannis from James G.
Grannis.
Virginia Isaacs yesterday sued for
the annulment of her marriage with
Richard B. Isaacs, which took place at
Los Angeles July 23, 1898. She has
learned, it is alleged, that Isaacs had
another wife living from whom he had
not been divorced.
Divorces were granted by Judge Gra
ham, to Frank Roussey from Mildred
Roussey, for desertion; by Judge Mu
rasky to Andrew Tukazewski from his
wife Maria, for cruelty; by Judge Sea
well to Gustave Hede from Loretta
Hede, habitual intemperance; by Judge
Kerrigan to Lillian Gendar from Wil
liam H. Gendar, desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Ger
trude B. Boyn against John H. Boyn,
desertion; Mabel Kruse against Wil
liam Kruse, neglect; Barbara F. Ehlert
against- Paul Ehlert, neglect; Anders
Larsen against Maria Sophie Larsen,
desertion.
Sults-Shuman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1005.
Containing over 1700 Jn California and «v«ry
person and concern In business in the State
arranged' alphabetically In their respective
towns; also railroad fairs, population, names of
ail county officials, banking:, etc.' Indispensable
to the business man and lawyer. Informa
tion found in a moment that will take days
to . obtain otherwise. A postal to Sults-Shu
man Company, 738 Mission street, or phone
Red 6823. will brine agent with book tor in
spection. • ¦ ... • ¦ ¦ < ¦ •
Hoo|«rS?ne9^ins - Report.
. Policeman W. T. Hooper, in charge
of the Cruelty to animals detail, filed
his', report 'with Chief Wittman yester
day for the month of September. He
had examined 61 cases of working
4ame horses, 37 galled horses, 4 sick
horse3, 19 worn out horses, 2 beating
and whipping. : He had prosecuted 13
cases, obtained 10 convictions, 3 pend
ing, f The flnes'amounted to $130. He
had examined 586 grading and haul
ing teams, besides taking 538 coops of
chickens and 5 boxes of pigeons out
of the sun and watering them.
MAY PUNISH SPENCER FOR
NOT PAYING ALIMONY
Value of property of all kinds own
ed by the city, $29,106,000; State,
city and county moneys on hand in
the city treasury, $1,508,319 05; as
sessed valuation of property, $502,
892,459; rate of taxation, $1,655; as
sessed value of Central Pacific Rail
way apportioned to the city, $49,414;
Southern Pacific Company, $110,400;
Pullman Company, $1284.
The petition of the Excelsior Home
stead Association that a sewer outlet
be built in the Academy, tract was re
ferred, to the Street Committee.
The contract for printing from steel
engravings the ; bonds for improve
ments was awarded to H. S. Crocker
Company,, representing, the Western
Bank Note Company, for $16,500.
The claims of the New York Plate
Glass Insurance Company for $40 for
damages to a window glass on O'Far
rell street during a riot and of S.
Mentinoni for $200 for Injuries sus
tained by being thrown from a patrol
wagon were denied.
A resolution was adopted showing
the financial condition of the city to
be as follows: •
VALUE OF CITY PROPERTY.
: The proposed ordinance recom
j mended by the Fire Department and
i Insurance companies requiring roofs
i that are damaged 40 per cent from
j fire to be repaired with fireproof ma-
I terial only in a designated district was
re-referred to the Fire Committee to
I enable protesting lumber dealers to
be heard in the matter.
The Finance Committee approved
the demands for furnishing forty gal
vanized iron beds to the Fire Depart
i ment. The beds cost $9 50 each and
i some question was raised as to the
! price in view of the fact that beds
I used by the emergency hospitals cost
j but $4. It was proven that the higher
I priced beds are superior to the others.
i • A resolution was adopted authoriz
| ing the Auditor and Treasurer to seg
j rega.te the taxes for the bond issue
; Into two funds to be known as "bond
i redemption fund" and "bond interest
I fund."
The demand .of Adolph Rehf eld for
$558 for damages sustained through a
riot of soldiers at the Presidio was
approved. Congress has been'memo
rialized to reimburse the city for any
Judgments arising out of the riot, but
no action has as yet been taken. <
I Thomas Price's demand for expert
| services in the Leon Soeder murder
case was cut from $150 to $50.
i The committee postponed action on
the demands of the F. M. Yorke Com
[ pany for repairing bitumen pavements
until this afternoon.
The width of sidewalks on the north
side of Clay street, between Sansome
and Battery, was fixed at ten feet and
that on the south side at eight feet.
REPAIRS FOR ROOFS.
Grades were ordered changed on
Birch avenue, Stevenson street, near
Tenth.' . K- '
The ordinance fixing the rate to be
charged for hire of automobiles at $3
for the first hour and $1 for each suc
ceeding half hour was finally passed.
After action had been taken Supervisor
Hocks had the matter recommitted on
the ground that certain automobile
owners desired to be heard. M. Rosen
feld, a stockdealer in an automobile
renting company, stated that the three
automobile companies in this city had
each lost $30,000 or more in the busi
ness in one year. He said the chauf
feur of an automobile was paid $1 50
per hour, the entire cost of operating
a machine being $3 76 per hour, not
counting depreciation. He said the
rate charged in New York and Chicago
was $4 per auarter. Supervisor Rea
said the License Committee had done
all in its power to secure information
on the subject, but about all that could
be obtained was that the automobile
companies were losing money, only one
company acknowledging that it had
made any profit. Brandenstein said
the $3 rate was mere guess work and
the ordinance should be recommitted
to the Committee on Streets and Li
cense for investigation as to the cap
ital invested in the business, the net
profit on each machine and other data.
It was so ordered. -
Amateur boxing were
granted to the San Francisco Club for
October 21 and to the Hayes Valley
Club for October 11.
Bills were finally passed ordering
street work on De Haro, Waller, Hugo,
Jackson, Pacific avenue, Twelfth ave
nue, Vallejo street, Eleventh avenue,
Duboce avenue, -Central avenue. Park
Hill avenue, South Broderick and Til
den streets; providing for the accept
ance of blocks on Hugo, Noe. Garden,
I and Green streets and Duboce avenue,
granting permission to the Associated
Oil Company to lay a pipe line from
Seventeenth street and Pennsylvania
street to Townsend street, between
Second and Third.
STREET WORK ORDERED.
"From my personal observations,"
said Supervisor Payot after the meet
ing, "I am of the opinion that the rea
son why practically no bids were re
ceived is that i financial leaders are
afraid of the money being handled by
the present Board of Works. • It is to
my mind a rebuke to that body for its
past performances and the scandal
that has attached to some city of
ficials."
Not one bid was filed for schools,
sewers and hospital, the most im-,
portant of the series. The members
of the board were surprised at the
paucity of the bids as but $277,010 was
offered out of the issue of $4,673,000.
Braunhart thought better prices should
have been offered and more bids pre
sented. The bids were referred to the
joint committee on finance and util
ities which will meet Friday afternoon
to consider them.
M. J. Piatshek, ten school bonds at par of
5500 plus 55-lw of 1 per c«nt; five library
bonds at $1000 plus a premium of % of 1.
per cent; 10 library bonds at $500 plus a
premium of 4-5 of 1 per cent.
Mannhelm-Dibbern Company, $12,010 for
children's* playgrounds.
State Board of Examiners bids par and ac
crued interest on children's playground bonds
of S1000 each. -
The Board of Supervisors ytiterday
received only three bids for the pur
chase of a very small portion of the
municipal bonds about to be Issued for
public improvements. Only a portion
of the issue, ?4,673,0OO was, offered for
sale, the bids being as follows:
Ordinance Fixing Charge at
$3 Per Hour Is Deferred
for Further Investigation
AUTOMOBILE BATES
' Lizzie Shepherd, aged and dissolute,
was given six months for annoying
persons residing in the vicinity of
Grove street and Van Ness avenue by
sleeping In their cellars and stealing
their food. Judge Mogan said the pro
tection of society demanded that the
womaft be kept either in the almshouse
or -the Jail.
evidently a portion of the advance
guard of the army of tramps that have
decided to spend the winter season in
this city. That many of these unde
sirable persons have already arrived is
indicated by the. crowded condition of
the Police Court' calendar this morn
ing—no less than 125 new cases being
registered thereon— and that many
more are coming is also evident. It is
my intention to severely punish every
able-bodied vagrant who comes before
me."
Joseph Kelly and James Joy, sturdy
youths, , were : given six ; months ¦ apiece,
for I begging • on • Kearny street and in
sentencing them, Judge; Mogan took:oc
casion to foreshadow,: his winter, policy
¦in'. regard/ to street-begging. ;.
• - "These - defendants," he • said, J.'are
Miss Ruby. , Davis, , danseuse, was ! ar
rested at 2 o'clock Sunday morning be
cause she could I not I satisfactorily ex
plain why she waa loitering in front of
the Hall of Justice: When confronted
by Judge i, Mogan, however, t she "stated
that her masculine escort had, stepped
Into a saloon to take a drink and she
was awaiting hfs • return when Patrol-'
men Brown and -; Hughes nabbed her.
,The case was continued for one week.
Joseph Turner (colored) .stoutly
maintained that he. did not steal a par
cel of clothing from a white man with
whom be was drinking 1 and then pass
the plunder to a confederate.
"De chawge am prepawsterous,"
said Mr. v Turner. * "I would like ter hev
dis yah couht appreciate de fac' dat
once a thing gits inter deae ban's ob
mine .It stays right; dar., DIs. gen'tle
m'n's chawge am simply ridiculous."
Referee Cabaniss dealt him a four
months' hand. •.
So constantly did Dan Sullivan
haunt the vicinity of Pine and Kearny
streets I that ; Patrolman Teutenberg
thought he was a night watchman un
til Inaulry brought • disillusion. J Then
the officer arrested Dan and; booked
him for vagrancy, , and , on October 6
the defense will be heard.
John Campbell declared th£t his
breaking of a window in the store' of
William Gruber, Jeweler. 112 Eddy
street, was entirely accidental.
"I have a habit* of swinging -my
hands as I walk," said Mr. Campbell,
"and that's how my elbow happened
to smash Mr. Gruber's .window."
"He who breaks must pay," said
Judge Mogan. "and if you do not pay
Mr. Gruber $ 15 you must spend fifteen
days in Jail." ;
Mrs. Mary Mitchell, who keeps a
grocery on Decatur street, averred
that Simon Curran annoyed her to
such an extent by begging for beer
that she was obliged to have him ar
rested. •
"t don't ''sell beer," said Mrs.
Mitchell to Judge Cabaniss, "and every
time he asked me to give him a drink
I told him he could buy It from Joe
the. Goose. . Who is he? Oh, he keeps
a saloon near my place."
. Mr. Curran was dismissed with a
warning.
"If there's one thing I pride my
self on," said Mary Fitzgerald to
Judge Mogan, "it's my respectability.
I tell you. Judge, that respectability
is a fine thing to possess. If it wasn't
for my respectability I wouldn't care
to live."
She was found aimlessly wandering
on Howard street at 2:30 o'clock Sun
day morning, and the. records showed
that on August 26 she was 'released
from serving a term in the County
Jail. She will nurture her respectabil
ity in that institution three months
longer..
Joseph Waldron, whose fingers and
shirt bosom radiated brilliance from
precious, stones, said he. was a Dutch
comedian by profession and had no
intention of defying the law when. he
armed himself with a large revolver
ere starting forth from his home one
evening last week. He was a stranger
in San Francisco, he further explained,
and had heard, such stories of the
city's wickedness . as to convince him
that it would be discreet to arm him
self 'before going, abroad. Judge Ca
baniss dismissed him with a caution.
"I never saw the. gripsack," sajd Mr.
O'Rorke to Judge Mogan, "till a, man
on the boat asked me if I would carry
it up town.lor hirti for. 25 cents. 1 ?' ,; ¦•'"- ; '
Plea ignored ; and ': Mr. O' Rorke or
dered to -appear for sentence to-day.
S. T, Johnson of Oakland was robbed
of his gripsack in Vallejo and had
given it up as gone forever when he
saw it lying amid a heaj? of baggage
on' a steamboat bound for this city.
Instead of claiming it right there and
then, as, a more impetuous person
would have done, Mr. Johnson' calmly
sat down and kept his eye on It. His
patience was not rewarded until the
boat arrived at its destination, :when
James O'Rorke picked up the. port
manteau and walked ashore with it.
Mr. Johnson. followed him and caused
his arrest. • • . ¦ -.- '
Police Judge Cabaniss lay back help- |
lessly In his chair while four angry
women, lined up against his bench, in
terchanged crimination and' recrimina
tion. He had given -up 'as hopeless an
endeavor to auell the tumult, and was
displaying signals" of mental distress
when Clerk "Barney" Conlan intrepidly
went to his rescue and succeeded, not
without difficulty, In disintegrating the
discordant quartet. And thereafter, un
til the case was .disposed of and the
ladles had left the courtroom, the
trustworthy clerk protected his Honor
from a recurrence of the unseemly
clamor. With admonitory forefinger he
wagged to silence any "lady"' who
started to speak, while another "lady"
was testifying.
Mrs.' Annie Duffle was formally ac
cused of disturbing the peace of Mrs.
Lillie Terrier. Miss Mulhall and Misa
Spear were witnesses. Several other
women were present and ready to be
sworn, but they were not called to the
stand, .because the Judge declared that
the more evidence he heard the more
perplexed he became as to who or what
was at the bottom of the dispute. « The
parties are residents of Guy place, 'a
cul-de-sac shooting westward from
First Etreet, between Folsom and Har
rison. Some time ago Mrs. Duffle ap
peared as complainant against her
mother-in-law and had her bound over
to abstain from disturbing the peace —
that, too, after Mrs. Terrier had given
defendant an excellent character.
Sonn afterward Mrs. Duffle had | Mrs.
Terrier arrested on the charge of petty
larceny, and it was then successfully
pleaded that the charge was simply an
ebullition of the "'complainant's spite
against the defendant. Then Mrs.
Terrier had Mrs. Duffle arrested for
disturbing the peace. Miss Mulhall, in
behalf of the defense, testified that Mrs.
Terrier went to Mrs. Duffle's residence
and deliberately, provoked her to dis
turb the peace by indulging In lan
guage, that no self-respecting person
could listen to without retaliating. Miss
Spear testified that Mrs. Terrier was
one of the gentlest creatures alive, and
would no more think of indulging in
oral abuse of anybody than she would
think of flying. Then it was that the
four "ladies" engaged in the cross
fire of accusations and contradiction
that dumfounded the Judge and
brought out the valor of Clerk Conlan.
"I must dismiss this case," sighed
his. Honor, "because I am unable to
ascertain from the testimony whether
the complainant or the defendant is
most to blame for the alleged peace
disturbance."
Board Opens Proposals for
Small Portion of Entire
•Issue for Improvements
Is in .Mental Distress 'When Clerk Rescues Him
Quartet of Excited Women Talk Simultaneously in
Court of Police Judge Cabaniss and His Honor
RECEIVES FEW
BIDS FOR BONDS
FEMININE TONGUES WAG
AND MAGISTRATE WILTS
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, •-'TUESDAY,^OCTOBER 4, 190*.
9
XEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIOINAL remedy that "kills the Dandruff Oerm."
GOINCj i GOING* J ! GONG ! !]
berwcice riu tin a. varmsi «tu un rr. too ute fu lunciot •.•'**;•'
A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY *"'» Md '*» In e h " r Newbro-s. Herplrid* de-
-.«— •. .^ .. . o stroy* thii enemy of beauty and enables the bate
? VL * ? 9 TV u iL. B ** uU ,^ lock * tav « * «• «*um«lts natural lu«e? tnd abuodanct. AI-
ftubtfecharn.ferihcporcsays.- falrtresscsai«n*» loostmsrvelous results follow the ose of HerplClde.'
Sf^«!f!i.t^ re i^l!l e u ;»*«: lc •"<•»"- An exqulsut lulr dressing. Overcome excels-,
gngly real dandruff nloMw makes ihe hair dull. Ive o<llness and makes the hair light and «Uffy.
brittle moA fetterless with I. ter dandruff . Itching No t rea*e «r dye. Stops Kchmf instantly.
0ratStrts.5im Som 18c, stop*, u UDtficiDE CO, Oept R, Oetrttt Mich, tar 1 11^*.
aPwacAnow jlt y»oa»nrzjrr »AJtnx» wow. ¦ ' > -
AMCSE3IEXTS.
i^AI IIIISDI A SA> FRJL1QSC03
Ifi y SL U Rri0g A LEADING TH£A~i?I
BVERT NIGHT. EJaLUDIXG SUXDAT.
Matineo Saturday Only.
THEY'RE LAUGHING YET
¦mbmmbhmbm c&trlts B. DiUlagBaa Pmrats
rr FRANK
ITst DANIELS
I___JV N HE OFFICE BOY
Til* Laughing:, Musical, Beauty Show.
CiniTQA at the ALIIAMBRA
OvliOrt B«*. Sun.. Oct. 1«
|GRANDSS5ii
MATINEE SATURDAY
I*AST WEEK
Of the Beaotlfol Pastoral Play
YORK
STATE FOLKS
Beginning Kext Sunday Matines
Pixley and Luder"9 Merry Musical Comedy
The Burgomaster
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
A T sH A T A "D Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR fRa
General Managtr.
TO-NIGHT— AXX. WEEK.
MATS. THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Ev*., 23c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. A Sat.. 23c to 30o
LAST THURSDAY MATINEE, OCT. «.
FIFTEENTH AND FAREWELL, WEEK.
WHITE | AHD THE ALCAZAS CO. |
WHITTLESEY
In Dumas* Masterpiece,
CAMILLE
[MR. WHITTLESEY as ARMAND DUVAL.
NEXT MONDAY, New Alcazar Stock Co. ln
LORD AND LADY ALGY.
First appearance of LILLIAN LAWRENCE.
JOHN CRAIG and ELIZABETH WOODSON.
CENTRAL' 1^?
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 933.
TO-NIGHT-J-ALL THIS WEEK.
Mats. Sat and Sun.
Mammoth Production of the Scenic
Sensational Drama.
I DEALERS IN
|WH1TE WOMEN
CCE The Police Patrol Boat — The Breakaway
jEC Wall — The Oriental Underground Cham-
ber — Steel Case Full of B«autlful Women.
DDIPCC Evtnlngs 10c to 30a
ralLED Matinees. .'. ,10c. 13c. 23c
' Next Week— Rider Haggard's 3HB.
( . • ¦
JAMES AND BONNIE FARLEY
And • Splendid Shaw Every Afternoon
and Evtninr in the The*t«r. '
TAKE A RlbE ON THE
aszsrzATrnu: zoo:ctxzc baxumis.
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hrar the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN ..M
When Phoning Ask for "The Chute*." *
/^"^w Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/ jrl (J29 K£ABXY NT. Established
AfflBMt^in 1934 forth? treauncDl of Private
«S l\. B2M DlRMwe*. Lo-.t M«Ddood. Debility or
SniR{BAdiM>ss<> wesrlngon body and mind and
Zrl'^UVC-MSlttD Dte<s«»ses. The Doctor eore»wW«B -
iSBntheni fall. Try him. Charges low.
•— •* CmllorwrtM.
Dr. 9. V. UIBBOX, s«u Pr»»iaco. Cal.
1 *'l- &&K ADVEKTISOIENTS.
•eeooeooosGssoooocooeooeooo^oeooocooeeooeooo
• •-.. . , »
• 818-820 MA8KIT STMIT. SAW rSAJTCXSCO.
: Double DaylniEESVTKS'Bi
• T n M»f^r»r»/M*/ our Slalioncr y Department to
»^* I y W [ amount of 20c or more.
% , ROSIEST. NBW RIBBONS.
O Ladles* Fancy and Plain Stockings. Fancy Cushion Ribbon, beautiful
A many styles to choose from. Reg- shades, vast assortment, extra wide,
ular 25c to 35cf special, one day Regular price, per yard. 50c; spe-
• only, per pair 2Oc c Jal » P«r yard 2Sc
| OWDMrn BI.ACX HOST.' mhho^"he 9 wide, made
O Medium or heavy weight. Special. of grood quality silk, beautiful pat-
one day only, per pair .20c terns. Regular price. 35c per yard;
• ihpawts' special, per yard SOc
• **•-»«*» Ribbons tied by our expert bow-
0 Pure Combed M&co Hose, ln all col- makers free of charge.
Sow. Regular 15c; special, one day . . ¦ ' 8. ft G.
Only '•; Oc The popular R.*& G.' Corsets. In all
© BAST BIBBOK. styles and sizes, black and white,
• All shades, best quality. Reg. 15c *t popular prices.
J for 10 yards; special, per bolt.. 8c OP33UA OI^ASSES-
q ' A s^)od Chevalier Opera Glass on sale
0 BOOKS OT IWTEKEST at 81.32
O AT CUT FBICES. ' MOTHIS O7 PZASL
9 Pub. Our Chevalier Opera Glass. Regular $3.30
O Price. Price. and $4.00 value; on sale $2.60
(* In Beautiful Japan, ill.. .$1.25 f>Oe " " '" ' "™* Mca8ac —
Z Chanticleer, by Han $1.50 5Oc Wash one pair of
S When the Land Was IiACB CXntTAXXTS
TounK . . . . . . ... . . $1.60 5Oc And you save almost the price of
_ Boys Book of Explora- . «_— „— ~™-«^
• tions $1.60 KOc ,A BTMTCHEB.
O Peggy O'Nell. by Lewis.. $1.60 50c A Stationary Pin Stretcher that will
© Polly's Lion, Carnahan. .$1.25 fJOc K B ln l he middle, .full size;
9 Cecilia, by Crawford $1.50 OOc sell » everywhere at $1.25; special..
© The Gray Cloak, by Mac- O8c
Q grath $1.50 73c DCPSOTZO ADJUSTABLE TT8
Q The Main Chance, by j STSBTCHES,
• I1 S, he l son 'A r*:'*'i!*S2 Itii c Which conforms to curves and scal-
q The Traitors. Oppenheim.$1.50 75c lops of your curtain without fear
X Success by JR. Hearst..$1.50 JBc of tearing; sells regular at $2.00;
• w Korean Sketches, Gale.. .$1.25 8Jo special price 81.G9
Verbeckof Japan. Grlffls..$1.50 81.15 viCKBX. vi*i.irEB v
• Verffillus by Irwing m%iMJiA*-ri»M.i:xut
O ¦PTrhoii'pr fl SO «1 f>Q Arms for Towels. Bird Cages. Bas-
O Cap ? n Erl. by" Lincoln. V.Jliso JlIoS ket »- *\ c - Bracket is screwed to
• The Seeker, by H. Leon *¦«.. Arms are separable; can be
e Wilson $1.50 81.08 P" 1 lr » °^ out at wUL Arxa3
• 6 Volumes by Elliot $3.00 81.2«"» extend 13 inches.
2 is Volumes by Dickens. . . $7.50 83.35 f^f Arm - regular 10c. special.7c
0 10 Volumes by Thackeray. $5. 00 81.98 Double Arms. reg. 15c, specia!.12c
m Visit our Book Department. Get our „ _ T1 , 3^?*5?
• prices if you need Books. Round Nickel-Plated Tray, very
handy for wine or water service.
i 2 *^= ss == E === s == m== = s=ss:=::B=m:aB!m **'~ Regular price, 15c; special 10c
© SSESLOCK H0LME3. '
i • The new Card Game, pure, laughable, Wo KAS3S0XX0A. 25c
I • exciting fun. easily learned; from A* chance for the boys. Every boy
© three, to eight can play at a time. knows that 75o is the regular price
© Price 50c °f tne Celebrated Clover Combina-
q I tion Harmonica and Zobo, with
' Z OTHEB POPUXAB GAMES. nickel phone attachment. Each one
a Flinch, Trix, Pit and Bourse. .. .50c packed. in wooden box. On special
q Exchange 25c Panic....... .40c . sale 25c
• " .
! © KNIVES, SAZOSS AITS 8SEASS GSOXTZTD AND REPAIRED.
1 © PICTUBE PBAMES O7 ALL DESOSZPTXONS MADS TO OSDSS.
: © a ALL KINDS O7 ELECTBICIAL WOBX DONS AND BSP AIBSD
{•©••••©©•©••©•••••©•••••••••••••©••••••••••«
¦ • ' ' . . . . " ' '
ADVKKT1SLIM KXTS. * -^ \
1^1 Two severe cases of Ovarian TrouHle®"
and two terrible operations avoided. Mrs.
Emmons and Mrs. Coleman each tell
how they were saved by the use of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
** P 1 !? Mns< PrN " K n^M : — I am so pleased with the results obtained
from Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound that I feel it a duty
ana a privilege to vmte you about it
u I suffered for more than five years -with ovarian troubles, caus-
ing an unpleasant discharge, a great weakness, and at times a faintness
-would come over me which no amount of medicine, diet, or exercise
eeemed to correct Your Vegetable Compound found the weak spot
however, within a few weeks —and saved me from an operation --
all my troubles had disappeared, and I found myself once more healthy
and welL Words fail to describe the real, true, grateful feeling that is
m my heart, and I want to tell every sick and suffering sister. Don't
dally with medicines you know nothing about, but take Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and take my word for it, you will be a
different woman in a short time."— Mks. Laura. Emmons, Walker-
ville, Ont
Another Case of Ovarian Trouble
Cured Without an Operation.
.*•<%,_ "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — For several years I
f •*"' -3&V WTls troubled with ovarian trouble and a painful
i3LJ^Q * 3 an< * " 1 % me(^ condition, which kept me in bed part
>fc^*>^t " y °* tiie lmi e. I did so dread a surgical operation.
" I tried different remedies hoping to get better,
fejy bufc notnill 5 seemed to bring relief until a friend
W%3' Qi Is! Wno nad been cured °* ovarian trouble, through
' ' " ftSr tbe u ? e °^ Jour c 0111 ? 01111^, induced me to try it. I
«»£*$ S^ fT took it faithfully for three months, and at the end
H&^V^"" of that time Tk * a3 glad to. find that I was a well
l_ woman. Health is nature's best gift to woman,
£tj&r and 0U \ ose and can have it restored
uF\\. : a\ through Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
/ ]• v • f'\. \ pound I feel that all suffering women should
/ <\»V r* * know of this."— JVIrs. Lauka Belle Cole-
/ivv. a. '< \ man, Commercial Hotel, Kashville, Tenn.
¦ — v» ,
It is well to wmemember such letters as above when some druggist trie*
to pet you to buy something which he says is " just as good " That is impos-
Kible.^as no other medicine has such a record of cures as Lydia E. Pink-
ham s \ egetable Compound ; accept no other and you will be glad.
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pink ham if there is anything
about your sickness you do not understand. She will treat you
with kindness and her advice is free. Ko woman ever regretted
writing her and she has helped thousands. Address Lynn, Mass.
OKnnfl F J° R f EIT lf . 7* prodneetheorieinalletters»nd signatures o*
O J I U U abo1 "' t ** imoDi^t »»^ch will prore t&eir ah«olnt« jrenuineius«f .
wwww Itjdim. £„. fixikham Medicine Co., JLjzua. Mass.
AMUSEMENTS.
SwaggerVaudeville
Pellx and Barry; Uma. Avery, Strakoich;
Hoey and tee; Ted E. Box; T. Tro-
Tollo; Kennedy and Reynold! ; Two
Packs; Orphenm Motion Picture*,
Showing M Indian» and Cowboy*," and
URBANI AND SON.
Regular Matlneea I^ery Wedneaday. Thuraday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Prlce»— 10c, ?Sc and SOc.
H. W. BISHOP. Leisee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT! w%^y. TO-NIGBT!
OLIVER MOROSCO offers th'e only stock pro-
duction ever given to the play made
famous by Stuart Robson.
"THE HENRIETTA"
NIGHT PRICES— 25c. 35c. 50c.
- A few front rows orchestra 75 cent*. .
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Sunday. Oct. B — THE JAPANESE N1QHTIN-
GALE.
«Hf§lSliOUSl
'X^lllttP W1MJJC
Of the Great Comic Opara Triumph
Serenade
MATINEE SATURDAY. «S
\ ',.'. Same prices — 25c. SOc, 75c
Xn Preparation.
DER RASTELBINDER
(The Mouse Trap Peddler.)
r — CALIFORNIA— |
< Greatest musical comedy hit in years
— Hundreds turned away — The talk of
the town.
Tenderfoot
With PHIUP H. RY1.KT and the Dl*
$ ¦ New York ¦ Company of sixty.
Don't miss hearing the sons; hits:
MY ALAMO LOVE.
THE TORTCRED THOMAS CAT.
Tickets Going' Like Hot Cakes.
D0WNTHELINE
By HOWARD JACOTT. .~
CONVULSED THE HOUSE.
! Easily the burleeque of the year.
An antidote against the blues.
The best dressed.
The best mounted.
The beat played
Musical burlesque ever eeen upon the "Frisco"
staze.
People laughed until they cried.
RESERVED SEATS:
Nlzhts 25c, 50c and 73c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 23c and 50c
Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
Kext burlesque "DILLY DALLY.'.'
-Paforp DON'T FAIL TO
¦ j COURT Lounging
3flfl room, the EMPIRE
" U " ( Parlor, th«
H~~~A PALM ROOM, th«
iiranfl xv par.
VllUUU i LOR, and the LA-
R^^«1« 'DIES' WRITING
HOtelS MOM.
ADVERTIfitatENTS.
Perrin
Gloves
C. There is as much
character in gloved
hands as in faces.
'4L'In Perrin gloved
hands there is refined
and distinguished
character.
Sole depot for
'Woman's and Children's Gloves at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary Street' and Grant Avenue.
Men's Perrin Gloves at all Stores.
L_ '.-¦•¦¦ >
Iwitrrcn'gl CURE SICK HEADACHE.
UAKItKO . . f .
R3iTTiE Genuins Must Bear
gf IVER Fac-Simila Signature
HPIU.&. -,& — >** — ¦ v
AMUSEMENTS.
Josef Hofmann
THE GREAT PIANIST.
ALHAMBRA .THEATER
TO-NIGHT
. AT 8:15.
'Thursday Night
SATURDAY MATINEE
•Prices $?. $1.50. $1, 75c
Box Office. ' Sherman, Clay "& -Co.'s.
LYRIGHALL
E7ESY If IOHX THIS WEEK.
Matinee Wednesday at 3 :3a — Saturday at 3
THE BEN GREET PLAYERS
The Original London Company and Production.
Reserved Seats— $1 60. $1 and 75c.
EVERYMAN'.
VCYT' U'CElf ' Won., » Tues. and "Wed. Eva.
flCAl tVECIk Wed. and Sat. Matinees.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING, i
Thurs,.\ Frt..~ Sat. *,Ey». : > SpecUl t Fri." Matinee.
. :', iNICHT-i -.-
Seats Ready Wed., at Sherman, Clay,'* Co.'b.DENVER, Oct.:. 3.— Overland Rac
ing Park .was sold to-day under r fore
closure by the Sheriff for J 85,000. The
purchaser is John C "> Mitchell, who
represented Henry R.", Wolcott, \ one of
the principal creditors, s It is reported
that the park may be cut up into
garden tracts. r , v ,
Denver Racing Park Sold.
Filling of China Slough Assured.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 3.— The City
Board of Trustees to-night adopted a
resolution to deed certain property in
the China, Slough to the Central Pa
cific" Railway- Company. As soon as
all the papers are drawn 'up. they. -will
be ; forwarded to ~ President Harriman
for his signature. 'This carries the
work of . filling \Jhina Slough beyond
the preliminary stages and insures
the filling of the^unslghtly pond, which
has" long been an-" eyesore to . the resi
dents of this city. It .is-, understood
that .the .work will begin within ' six
months. -The southern portion of th.2
slough will be converted into a beau
tiful i>ark. v . -
Property of Chinese Valued at Ttrenty-
Five Thousand Dollars Is
Destroyed.
HONOLULU. Oct. ... S-— Fire this
morningr ; destroyed Chinese property
valued at $25,000. The flre was of an
incendiary origin, ' but there is no
clew to the identity of the guilty
party. '
HOXOIiTJIiU SUFFERS FROM
AX IXCEXDIAR1* FIRE
BOSTON, Oct. 3.-— A formal re
quest for a detailed statement of facts
in the Gurney case was received to
day .by. Governor Bates from" Acting
Secretary of State Adee. The Gover
nor will comply as soon as possible.
Wants '. Facts ' in Gurney Case.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— A sporting
match, which will undoubtedly create
much interest in club circles will b«
decided at noon . on Saturday next at
Morris -Park.' The participants frill be
Tom "Williams, -' the , well-known San
Franciscan, and Sydney Paget, tho
owner of Tradition and Hamburg
gelle. Williams will j-lde a pony now
in the stable ; of J. J. Folansbee and
Paget will have * one of his own lot.
The distance will be.three.furlongs.
. Philip Dvryer, ¦ president of s Uie
Brooklyn Jockey Club, has consented
to act as judge and steward and Mars
Cassidy .will officiate as . starter. V : The
match is for $1,000 a side. ., . ,
San Franciscan Will Ride One of Fol
ansbee's Horses on Saturday
at Morris Park.
TOM WH/LJAMS TO RACE
'AGAINST- SYDNEY PAGET
Firth race, steeplechase — Creolln vron. Spring
water second, Evander third. Time. 2 :47 Vj,
Sixth race, one mile — Fair Lady Anna won,
Ben Heywood second. Illuminate third. Time,
1:45H.
. First race, elx furltfbgB-^Van Xess won.
Woods Perry eecond. Rebo third. Time, 1:18.
Second race, five and a . half furlongs—Le
rida won. La Londe second. Tyrolean third.
Time. 1:10. -
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Taxer
won. Raining Leaves second. Togo third. Time.
:«H. •- .
Fourth race, cne mile — Bombardier won, Ed
Ball second. Brant third. Time. 1:42%.- '
KANSAS CTTY. Oct. 3.— Elmwood results:
Results at Elmwood.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.— In his an
nual report Surgeon General R. M.
O'Rellley says that the general health
of the army has Improved. During the
past year the admission per 1000 had
been 1451.13 against 1616.31 in the pre
ceding year. • This marks a gradual
improvement In . the condition of the
troops which has been noted since sani
tary matters have been given increased
attention, notwithstanding a large Pro
portion of the troops have been on
practically war service in the Philip
pines since 189S. From an average
strength of 19,029 American troops in
the Philippines, 1074 were invalided
home, a. rate of 56.44 per 1000. There
were 271 deaths 'among the troops in
the Philippines, so that the losses by
deaths and invaliding amounted to
70.67 per 1000. Contrary totrhat might
be expected, in view of the general be
lief In the prevalence and severity of
malarial fever in the Philippines, it
was found necessary to send only 59
such cases home. Nearly all of this
number subsequently returned to duty,
none dying. , ' »
The' surgeon general believes that It
Is possible to cure leprosy. At any
rate, decidedly favorable results have
followed the. treatment of the leper sol
dier now held in isolation at one of
the Southern army posts. Nodules and
swellings on the body have become either
greatly reduced ' or. tfave disappeared
entirely.-^ Free use Is made of the
Roentgen rays "' In treating this case
and the man is now permitted to wan
der about the island at his will, pro
vided he does not enter any building
save his own or approach any one
nearer than eight feet.-
Snrgeon General's Report Shows That
Attention to Sanitary Matters
Has Proven Beneficial.
HEALTH • OF pUR SOLDIERS
IS GREATLT IMPROVED
By the New Tork Morale* Telegraph.
First race-^-Audltor, Ishlana, Sid
ney C. Love,
Second race— Headmaster, Royelle,
SeaznlL rf : »
Third race— My Buela, Druid, Su
ruatca.
Fourth race- — Dick Bernard* Gar
nish, Grenade.
Filth race — Trapper, Sir Brlllar,
Fleur de Marie.
Sixth race— Water Pansy, Clovis,
Black Socks.
Condition of the track— Fast.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter- Ocean.
First race — Sir Mars, Fortuny, Octo
Cafe. ,,
Second race— Mansard, SL Paula,
Optional.
Third race— Miss Jordan, Allen
Avon, Resale.
Fourtli race — Bad News, Spence
rian. Reservation. .
Fifth race— Woodlawn Belle, Sing
ing Master, Major Mansir.
Sixth rnce — Cutter, The Belle, Jade,
Condition of the track — Good.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Dr. Anna.G. Lyle of San Francisco
spoke concerning the great Influx of
consumptives to California > from all
portions of the United States.
Dr. N. K. Foster of Sacramento.
CaL, secretary of the Board of Health
of California, referred to the recent
organization of the Anti-Tuberculosis
League of that State, and said that
the schools of the large cities were now
Inspected by- the physicians.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 3:— The opening
session of the International Congress
on Tuberculosis began to-day in Con
vention Hall at the World's Fair with
a number of famous physicians from
various parts of "the world present to
discuss means for the prevention and
cure of consumption. Three days will
be consumed by the meetings. Pres
ident Francis delivered the welcoming
address. .
The remainder of the May's session
was devoted to the transaction of pre
liminary business and the appoint
ment of a committee on resolutions.
Leading Physicians From Various
Farts of the World Gather in
St. Louis.
MEET TO DISCUSS MEANS •
OF CURING CONSUMPTION
First race — Belle S, Eternally,
Trixie White. ,
Second race— Algonquin, Ben Lear,
Fenian.
Third ,race— Korea, Borak, Terns
Rod. .
Fourth race— Just So, Commodore,
Elastic.
Fifth race— Dawson, Hucena, Bird
wood.
Sixth race— Rachel Ward, "whis
kers, Lansdown. * .
Condition of the track— Fair..
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
LENOX. Mass., Oct. 3. — J. F. Scher
merhorn of New York declared to-day
that his son, Amos Schermerhorn, was
the driver of British Secretary Hugh
Gurney's automobile on September 25,
when Gurney was charged with violat
ing the Stockbridge speed ordnance.
Schermerhorn also said that Sheriff
Noble, who made the arrest, was being
given a ride in the machine as an ac
commodation when he apprised the
automobilists that they were exceeding
the speed limit.
Schermerhorn gave out the informa
tion to-day in recognition, as he said,
of the gallantry of Secretary Gurney,
In accepting the entire responsibility
in the matter. His two sons, he said,
bcth of whom are familiar with auto
mobiles, were being: entertained by
Gurney, who personally does not care
for fast driving, but was permitting
the boys to test his machine.
When Arrest Was Made That
Has Caused the Trouble.
Englishman Was Xot DriTtnjr 3Iachinc
GCRNXT NOT TO BliAME
FOR FAST AUTOMOBUJXG
Sixth race, five furlongs, purse — Simplicity
100. Clara Bern* 100. Miss Gunn 100, Mon
AmoW'100. Kate Zltt 100. Odelot 100. Green
Rose 100. Stella Allen 106. Grace Elliott 106,
Sis Lee 1C5, Ros«e Mary Kane 105. Jade 105,
Ladv Wllmot 105. Harum Scarum 105, The
Belle 110. Cutter 115.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
purse — Brancas 95. Spencerlan 97. Miss Craw
ford 07, Kine Ellsworth 100, Reservation 103,
Bad News 115. Rankta 103.
Fifth race, one mile and fifty yards, selling —
Arab 95, Woodlawn Belle 95. Merry Pioneer
98, Singing Master 09. Royal Pirate 102. Para
mount 104. Frank M 104. King's Court 104.
Harry New 107. Prossador 107, Floyd K 107,
Major Manslr 110.
* Third race, seven furlongs, purse — Ed Early
100. Miss Jordan 100. Regale 100. Lord Dlxon
103, Big Beach 103. Monte 103, Bonnie Prince
Charlie 103. Allen Avon 111.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Fly Lady
104. Foxmead 104, Dod Anderson 104, J. W.
O'Neill 105. Julia M 106, Optional 109, Marco
109. Jigger 110. Mohican 112. Benmora 113.
Lem Reed 114. Memn 114, Tam O"Shanter
114. Orfeo 116. Mansard 124. St. Paula 106.
First race. fir« and a half furlongs, selling
— Bery Waddell 112, Friendless 112, Tapiola
117. Serenity 117. Duncan 117, Royal Arms .117,
Little Wally 117. Glad Smiles 117, Lady Hor
tense 117, J. . Ed Grillo 117. Trossachs 117,
Sherod 120. Octo Cafe 120. ¦ Fortuny 122. Sir
Mars 122. Armorer 125.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 3. — Following are the
entries for to-morrow's races at
Worth:
Sixth race. Wither' s mile, maidens — Cannon
Ball 112,. Schoolmaster 112. Sir Ship 109. Tom
Lawson 109. Good and Plenty 10U, Phaxer 104.
IkM 104. Sllverfoot 104. Clovis 104. Rose Ben
101. Rudebek 101, Black Socks 101, Tide 101,
Chattah 101. Waterford 101, All Right 101.
Billy Roche 101, Water Pansy 101, Gansevoort
101.
Fifth race, six and a naif furlongs of
Withers mile, two-year-clds — Workman 115,
Escutcheon 115, Austin Allen 113. Sir Brlllar
110. Trapper 110, Fleur de Marie 110, Yeoman
102. Ken 1C2. Ralbert 102. Queen Rose 107. -
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles over
the htll — Proceeds 103. Dick Bernard 106, Gre
nade 103. Ed Tierney 101. Topic 101. Gold Dome
101. Garnish 101. Midshipman 86. Ascetic 90.
Gay Lothario !Hv
Third race, five and a half furlongs. Eclipse
course, maiden two-year-olds — Bill Bailey II
107. Cedarstrom 107. Onteora 107, Oxford 107.
Yorkshire Lad 107. Suffice 104. Golden Buck
101, Myopia 104. Julia G 104. Sheen 104, Foxy
101. Day Queen 104. Druid 104. Marts M 104.
Sumatra 104, Bisque 104, Raiment 104, My
Buela 104.
First race. Wither" • mlli, sellings — Prince
Chlng 107, Canteen 100. Cincinnatus 105, Au
ditor 103. Gold Dome 102, Pronta 98, Sidney C
Love 101, Champlaln 97, Ed Tlerney 97, Gar
nish 96. Rightful 96, South Trimble 96 Mid
shipman 94, Ishlana 91. (Ishlana and South
Trimble. Drake entry.)
Second race. Uie Corinthian steeplechase,
about two and a half miles — Flying Buttress
ie«. Conover 166. Headmaster 164. Royelle 164.
Woolgatherer 160, Ivan 158. Seagull 153, Mes
sina 130. Snuff 147. R. B. Sack 145. King
Carter 143. (Royelle and Messina. Chamblet
entry.) , .
NEW YORK, Oct 3.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow's races at
Morris Park:
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
Time. 1:40 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. R. H. McC. Potter's ch. f. by -Knight
of the Thistle~B«IIe Daly. Hatchet. Akela
Homestead. Gay Lothario. Tot San. v Clear the
Arena, George Keene, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE^ — Wither 1 * mile: eelllnc; for
three-yemr-olds and up: ¦ .; •< .. -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 2— This. Heather,103 (Davis) 6 13 14
20 to 1— Briarthorpe. 99 (Hildbnd) I' 2 1^22
7 tol— Sais. 107 (Crlxnmlne) 0 9 3h -
Fourth race, six turlonjcs. handicap— Elastic
117. Commodore 114, Just So 109, Ice Water
107. Footlights' Favorite 102.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing—Judge Can trill -105. S trader 103, Gecrge
Vivian 100. Bird wood. MOO. Golden Light 100,
Illuminate 100. Sister Lillian 100, Canyon 100,
Guardian 95. Hucena 95. Dawson 95.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Whiskers
107. Sid Silver 107. St. Wood 106, The Wizard
106, Lansdovm 106, Bensonhurst 106, Mlndora
1C5, Felix Mozzes 101, Rachel Ward 101, Tribes
88. Preakness 96, Triple Silver 03. #
First race, five furlongs, maidens — Lady
Girt 107, Maklna 107, KaUe Crewe 107. Trixie
White 107. Bell R. 107. Dorothy Dodd 107,
Sonya ' 100, Lady Sellers 100, Verandah 100,
Betty Gold 100, Passive 100. Eternally 100.
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile —
Bavarian 106. Terns Rod 108. Korea 106.
Borak 106. Mellwood 103. Sand Bath 103.
Kitty Belle Brooks 100, Renaissance ICO. Lady
Mercury 100, ¦ Annlsquxm 100. Opinion 100,
Dave Stahl 100.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Algonquin
10t;, June Collins 103, Ben Lear 103. Apple
Sweet 103, Wager 103, Suave 98. Marchioness
98. Fenian 97.- Rhyme and Reason 97, Essayer
93, Bird Pond 93. Major Carpenter 93.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 3.— Following are the
entries for to-morrow's races at Del
mar: ,,..-
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Panther Attacks Ranchman.
UKIAH, Oct. 3. — Foreman Ordwaj
of the Union Lumber Company ranch
had a hand to hand encounter with a
panther last week near Fort Brag?.
Ordway was looking over the*" range
when he was attacked by the animal.
The man had only his pocket-knife
with which to defend himself, and af- x
ter a struggle succeeded In mortally
wounding his antagonist. Ordway*»
clothing was ripped to threads and his
body torn by the sharp claws, but his
injuries were not serious. It is sup
posed 'that the panther was mad. aa
it is unusual for one to attack a man.
Eirrht Years Old and a Burglar.
PASADENA. Oct. 3. — Ray Hender
son, eight years old, was caught yes
terday in the act of burglarizing a
bicycle store. Despite his tender years
the boy is believed to have been com
mitting daylight and dark burglaries
for months, some of his hauls bavins
amounted to hundreds of dollars.
He will be looked after by tha Ju
venile court, as his parents say they
can do nothing with him.
Bicarbonate of Soda Discovery.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. J. — Millions
of tons of bicarbonate of soda, 35 per
cent pure, has been discovered In Laka
Carissa, thirteen miles from Oils', en
the McKlttrick branch line, and a
San Francisco corporation has niad»
application of the Kern County Board
of Trade for a five-acre sit© here for
a refinery. The new Industry will
employ from 50 to 100 men.
Time. 1:09. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. T. Brinkworth's gr. c by Faraday-
Katydid. Lordllng 107, Gold Enamel 115.
Dixie Lad 107, Lotfstllla. 104, Dlxelle 104,
Paddy Fretghn 104, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and & half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse: *.* v<
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey.. St. X Fin.
9 to 2— SUrerskin, 107 (Nlcol). .. 4 2 4 13
2 to 1— Lochtnvar. 114 (Rmnelll) 5 11 21%
40 to 1 — Palm Tree, 107 (Herbert) 7 5 Hi 3 4
FIFTH RACE — On© and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %* Fin.
& to 2— Aggie Lewis. 95 (Nicol) . . . 9 23 13
7 to 1— D. L. Moore. 101 (Smster) 8 6 % 2 1
8 to l-rNixaus. 104 (Wilson) 2 9 4 3 1
Time, 1:49 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. E. Trotter's, br. 1* by Pirate of Pen
sance-Cicely. Trepan 104. Ghats 90. Carat 101,
Easy Trade 104. Scortic 99. Gilfaln 101. Chan
terelle 104. Leflare 104. finished as named.
Dutiful 98. left at the post.
FIFTH RACE^ — Six and a half furlongs:
purse; for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Trapper, 110 iO'Neill).... 6 43 1 IV,
3 to &— S. Catallna. Ill (Burns).. 1 2 3 2 10
5 to 1— Bulwark. 107 (Hildebrand) 3 3 h 3 3H
Time, 1:20. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. W. H. Snyder's br. c by Hastings-Tar
peia. Delphi, Allumeur, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One and five-sixteenth
miles; the Jerome handicap; for 3-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Ostrich, 93 (Crimmtns) .4 1 2 1 %
16 to 5 — The Southerner. 102(Dvis) 5 4 h 2 Vi
11 to 5 — Outcome. 106 (Martin).. 2.6 3 4
Time. 2:13. Start fair. Won drivings. Win
ner. Boston etable's b. c. by Order-Plumage.
Ormonde's Right, Ocean Tide, finished as
named.*
STOCKTON. Oct. 3. — A masked
highwayman held up the Hubbs road
house, a short distance outside of
Stockton, about 9 o'clock last even
ing. He secured *22 from the till and
$12 50 from one man in the saloon
and $2 from another man. The lay
of the land was first secured by a con
federate, who gave the signal to ths
other. The confederate is in jalL '
3Iasked Robber Holds Up Roadhouse
Near Stockton and Gets Away
With $36 50.
HIGHWAYMAN ESCAPES, BT7T
CONFEDERATE IS CAPTURED
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; all ages;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Big Ben, 117 (Prior) .'2 3 *i 1 2*4
7 to 6— Floral King. 104 (Wilson) 3 2 1 2 4
15 to 1— Cigarllghter, 92 (Nlcol).. 5 4 5 3 2#
Time. 1:32 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. C. E. Durnell's br. g. (4) by Btrome-
Mint Jullp. Columbia Girl 101. Allbert 102.
finished aa named. Gypzene 106, left at the
post.
THIRD RACE— Eclipse course; the Matron;
fillies, two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to IO— Sandria. 104 (HUdebran) 3 In lh
13 to 10 — Rose of Dawn.lOmshaw) 4 3 »i 2 4 -
Oto J— Bell* Strome.lU (Lyne) 1 2 Va 3 h
' Time. 1:OSV». Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner. H. «B. Duryea's br. f. by Sandringham-
Uranla. Burnt Hills. 'Hyacinth, finished as
named.
NEW YORK HONORS HER
CRACK BASEBALL. TEAM
Nationals Given Theatrical Benefit and
Presented With a Pennant for
Winning: Championship.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3. — A largely at
tended theatrical benefit has been giv
en the members of the baseball play
ers representing this city in the Na
tional League. The theater, one of
the largest on Broadway, was crowded.
At the conclusion of. the entertain
ment the baseball experts were
marched out upon the stage and a
pennant for winning the champion
ship of the league was presented. Sen
ator Grady, well-known as an orator,
made the presentation. He later gave
Manager John J. McGraw a silver lov-
Ins-cup from the members of the
team.
Tennis Club Elects Officers.
The board of directors of the Cal
ifornia Tennis Club met last night and
elected the following: officers: W. S.
MacGavin. president and treasurer;
Grant M. Smith, vice president;
Charles G. Kuehn, secretary.
The following committees -were
elected. Tournament committee^ — J.
D. MacGavin, C. J. Smith and Dr.
Lovegrove; delegates to the Pacific
States Lawn Tennis Association — Dr.
C. S. Hardy, Grant M. Smith and C.
G. Kuehn: grounds committee — Dr.
Hill. Dr. Xoble arid W. G. Knowlton;
election committee — Miss Ellen Page,
Dr. Haxdy and Sidney Salisbury; com
mittee on by-laws — Dr. Hill, Lloyd
Baldwin and George Busch.
The treasurer's report showed the
club to be in a better position than
ever before. A directors' meeting will
be held on every third Tuesday even
tc*.
CLEVELAND. O.", Oct. .3. — Cleve
land's winning streak was broken to
day, the Philadelphias with Coakley
In the box shutting out the locals.
Cleveland could not hit when men
were on bases. Flick was hit by a
pitched ball in the hand and forced to
retire.
In the second game Cleveland hit
Applegate and won easily. The last
game was called at the end of the
sixth on account of the* cold. Attend
ance, 1600. Scores:
First game — R- H., E
Cleveland 0 7 0
Philadelphia 2 8 0
Batteries— Hess and Bemls; Coakley and
Noonan.
Second game; — R. H. E.
Cleveland T 10 2
Philadelphia 2 4 2
Batteries — Bernard and Buelow; Applegate
and Noonan.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 3.— The New- Yorks defeated
the St. Louis Americans to-day by a score of
3 to 0. Ortb hurt his arm In the sixth, Inning
and Griffith replaced him. Both Ne*- York
pitchers were effective, allowing St. Louis enly
two hits each. Attendance, 1800. Score:
R-. H. E.
St. Louis.... 0 4 2
New York » 3 8 0
Batteries — Howell and Sugden; Orth, Griffith
and Klelnow.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3. — To-day> game was a.
pitchers' battle. In which Gibson bested Alt
rock. Attendance, 5100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 3 3
Boston 4 5 0
Batteries — Altrock and Sullivan; Gibson apd
Criger.
DETROIT, Mich., Oct. 3. — Jaeger's support
went back on him In the eighth Inning and let
in two runs, which looked to be enough to win.
However, the locals went to work and a single
by ¦ Ritcher and Robinson's triple with a fly
cut gave them the necessary runs. Attend
ance, 300. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit S 5 3
Washington 2 5 1
Batteries — Jaeger aad Drill; Patten and Klt
tredge.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BOSTON. Oct. 3. — Chicago had Boston at Us
mercy to-day. McNlcbols snapped a ligament
in his arm In the fifth inning and the substitu
tion of Fisher nap followed by the complete
demoralization of the home team. Attendance.
1200. Sccre:
R. H: E.
Chicago 16 19 5
Boston 5 10 1
Batteries — Wicker and Kllng; McNichols,
Fisher and- Needham.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 3.— The home club
defeated Plttsburg In* 'he first game to-day,
but the visitors In the second by heavy hitting
piled up an overwhelming score. The game
was calVd after the fifth by agreement. At
tendance. 13O0. Score*:
R. H. E.
Pitt'burff 18 1
Philadelphia ,. 2 7 2
Batteries — Leever and Phelpt; Duggleby and
Dooln.
Second game — R. H. E.
PltUburg 16 14 3
Philadelphia 4 S 4
Batteries— Flaherty and Phelps; Suthoff and
Dooln. Umpire — Zlmmer.
BROOKLYN. Oct. 3.— Cincinnati won both
games in a double-header to-day, the locals
scoring only one 'run in the two contests, and
that in the last inning of the second. Attend
ance. 1200. Scores:
Klrst game — R. H. E.
Cii'cinr.ati 5 11 3
Brooklyn 0 6 1
Batteries — Harper and Schlel; Jonea and Ber
gen. Umpires — Moran and O'Day.
Second game — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 8 O
Brooklyn l io 3
Batteries — Ewlng and Street; Cronln and Rlt
ter. Umpires— O" Day and Moran.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Matthewson struck out
sixteen men In to-day'a game between New
Tork and St. Louis, making a new season's
record. Attendance, 500. Score:
«. . R- H. E.
St. Loaia i 6 3
New York ". 3 5 3
Batteries— Nichols and Botler; Matthewson
and Cowerman. Umpire — Johnstone.
"Dixie Kid- Beats Grim.
MOUNT CLEMENS. Mich., Oct 3.
The Dlx-> Kid of California got the
decision over Joe Grim of Philadel
phia here to-night at the end of six
rounds.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 3. — The International En
gineering Congress, under the auspices of the
Americas Society of Civil Engineers, ber&a a
»lx day's convention at the World's Fair *o
flay.
THIRD RACE— Mil*, and fifty yards; handi
cap; all ages:
Botting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. SU % Fin.
5 to 1 — Coruscate. 105 (Roman) 1 1 fa 14
3 to 1— Fosiftl. 107 (Sherwood).. 5 Mi ! 2^
19 to 5— Walnamolnen.106 (Wlsn) 2 3 h 3 2
Time. 1:45. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. H. J.. Perry & Co.'s ch. f. (4) by Chorister-
Royal Gem. Lurallghter 92. Huzrah 105. Lit
tla Klkln OS. Aden 102, finished as named. .
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin,
3 to 2— Jake Greenberg.^ 100 (Rice) 6 Ih 12
2 tol— Kins Rose, 110 (Seder)... 7 2 4 21%
4 to 1— Miss Manners, 111 (Austin) 5 4 # 3 2%
Time, 1:18 «i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. S. M. Williams' br. h. (4) by Julien-Old
Miss. Frank Rice 105, Tommy Knl«tht 110.
One More 102. Bensonhurst 106. finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Mire Doyle. 102 (Conway) .2 1^ Ih
>6tol — Extol. 101 (S. Dlckson)... 1 2b 2 6
2 tol— Taby Tosa. 102 (Rice) 3 3 3
Time. 1:52&. Start good. " Won driving. Win
ner. P. J. Mlllett's ch. f. (3) by The Com
mcrur-ThlsUe. (Jordan 102 bolted and refused
to run.)
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs'; two-year
olds and up: v
Bettlne. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 tol— Arlena. 96. Howell 3 12 11
7 to 5 — Commodore, 117 (Rice).... 6 45 22
« to 1— %'lolin. 99 (D. Austin) 5 2 & 3 5
Time, 1 :04. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Mrs. M. A. Lawson's br. t. (2) by Water
level-Vigelette. Elastic 122, Mattie H 114. By
play f<:», finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Eclipse course; the Matron;
colts and geldings, two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. ; St. % Fin.
20 to 1 — Bedouin, 114 (Shaw).... 4 1 n 1 n
Even — Gloriflor. 125 (Gannon).. 2 2 n 2 1^
2 to 1— Dandelion. 114 (Hildebr) 1 3 h 3 4
Tin>e, 1:C9. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, E. V/. Jewett's b. g. by M«ddler-Liz*le
Montrose. Blucher, Agile, finished as named.
SECOND RACE- Six furlongs; selling; all
agest
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Burning Glass.122 (Treu) 3 2 4 14
20 to 1— Four Leaf C, 122 (Jenk) 8 3 3 2 h
7 tol — Tristan Shandy.113 (Trx) 2 1 h 3-n
Time, 1:15 3-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. F. Mldgieley's b. g. by Raeburn-Applatus.
Green Gown 105. 'Harney 122, Lieutenant Rice
97, Llesardo 108. Captain Neroth 102, Lou vM
tn>. Commander 112. Jackful 117, Jake Sanders
102, finished as named. The Gadfly 97, left at
the post.
Time, 1:18%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Ghio's br. c. (3) by King's Counsel-
Charm. Lovable 107. Hickory Corners 107.
Bomblno 104, Conundrum 109. Alice Turner
102. Bride 97. Mae Tuna 102. Laura Bell 102.
finished as named. *
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
a-nd up: .<
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— King's Charm.lO5(Lndsy) 5 2 3 1 10
0 tol— Allno S. 102 (Rice). 3 IS 23
10 to 1— GSendon. 110 (J. Conway) 7 6 13 4
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; two-year
olds and up: ,
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Tangible. 104 (McLaugh) 6 4 *H 1 h
4 to 1— Tom Mankins.lCHUX-ksn) 3 11 2 1H
7 to 1— Reglna D. 100 (D.Austin) 9 3^31
Time, 1 :34. Start itood. Won easily. Win
ner. \y. S. Speerllngs" br. m. (6) by TTlstan-
Spaldie. Courant 79, Flyer 107. Milton Young
S2, Pompey 109. Flora Levy 104. Easter
Walters 99, Vouch 114. Prev«ntatlv» 02. fin
ished as nam*d. . >
(National Iyngue.l . (American League.)
W.UPct. W.L.rct.
New York.. 105 43 .700 Boston ..-..90 5T .612
Chicago ... 90 SS.eOSJNew York.. S8 60 .ell
Cincinnati.. 84 «J4 .56S, Chicago ... 58 C2 .oSl
Plttsburg. . . 82 to .334 -Cleveland... SI 63 .5u5
St. Louis... 73 73 .50t> Philadelphia 77 67 .&3S
Brooklyn 06 88 .387 jSt. Louis... 6t fc2 .43S
Boston .... 65 94 .300 Detroit 61 S4 .421
Philadelphia 50 100 .33.ihVasblngton J* 110 ..5W
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
SAN JOSE. Oct., 3.— Miss Carrie
Jacques, the pretty 19-year-oTd daugh
ter -of Alfred Jacques,, a wealthy orch
ardist. lining near this city, eloped
Sunday morning with John Belknap. a
student at the University of Califor
nia. In order to accomplish this his
chum. William M. Sabin, another
Berkeley student, Induced Belknap
pere to go on an automobile ride and
the parent was virtually kidnaped.
For some months Belknap has court
ed Miss Jacques, and time and again
pleaded with her father for his con
sent to their marriage. Jacques told
Belknap he could not support a wife
and besides he was not through. schooL
Belknap, however, - assured the girl's
father he had an Income of $500 per
month, but still the father refused.
Belknap and Sabin then arranged an
elopement.
Sabin had a fine automobile and
Jacques had expressed a desire for a
ride in the machine. Sunday morning
Sabin called for Jacques'and took him
on a ride. They spent a day of Jollity
at the resorts, but became lost near
Gilroy and when they returned to this
city it was 2 o'clock Monday morning-.
Belknap had secured a marriage li
cense Saturday night and when the
touring car was out of sight he and
Miss Jacques went to the house of Rev.
T. S. Young of the Baptist church
and were married. They left at once
for San Francisco and are now In
Berkeley. Jacques has alreadv for
given his daughter and will go to
Berkeley to-morrow to give her his
blessing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The officials will be the following
named: Referee, Everett Brown;
starter, Luther Cary; timers, Al Nor
ton, "W. Howell Abadie, Colonel George
C. Edwards, Rhodes: Judges at finish,
F. Koch, Charles Harris, Clifford,
Klarman; Inspectors, H. Thompson,
Holman, Jones. Newhall: field judges,
Chaplin, B*ll, Dole. J. Wilcox; scorer,
Norton Wilcox: clerk of course. Hack
ley; assistants, T. Reaves, S. Schwartz;
announcer, "W. Potts: measurers. Gil
more, Blakemore, Westerman; commit
tee, Magerstadt, Barker, Huber.
Mil© relay— Oakland. Lick. Uklah, San Ra
fael. Lowell. Berkeley.
. Pole vault— Moullen. Uck; Lelb. Lowell;
Morrln, Berkeley; Eldrldge, Berkeley; Hitch
cock. San Rafael; Vail, Oakland; Dozler, Oak
land; Munn. Mission.
High jump— Doarie, Lick; Mel. Lick; Bresse,
Lowell; > Morrtn, Berkeley; Wilkinson, Berkeley;
Hall, Oakland; Vail. Oakland: Munn. Mission;
Carpenter. Uklah; Ruddlck. Uklah.
Shot put — Moullen. Lick; Heltmuller, Uck;
O'Connor. Lick; Hayden. Berkeley; Morrin.
Berkeley: Yonker, San Rafael; Hall, Oakland;
Munn. Mission; Titus, Santa. Clara; Greeley.
Oakland; Ford. Uklah.
Broad Jump-- Johns, Lick: Rogers. Lick;
Bresse. Lowell; Walker. Oakland; Hayden.
Berkeley; Whitman, Berkeley; Jacobs, San Ra
fael; MA'anura, Oakland.
Hammer throw — Moullen, Lick; Isgrlgg,
Berkeley; Yonker. San Rafael; R. Titus, Santa
Clara; Ford. Uklah.
440. yard dash — Walker. Oakland: Mc-
Namara, Oakland; "Wilson. San Rafael;
Rathbone, San Rafael; Iagrlgff. Berkeley;
Crossfleld. Berkeley; Hay den. Berkeley;
Rawles. Uklah; Johns. Lick; Rogers. Lick:
Mel. Lick.
120-yard hurdles: First heat — Dozler. Oak
land; Smith. San Rafael: Wilkinson. Berke
ley; Carpenter. Uklah. Second heat — Jacoba,
San Rafael; 'Eldridge. Berkeley; Walton,
Wilmerding; Turner. Mission.
8S0-yard run — Richardson. Oakland: Keyes,
Oakland; Wllllson. Wilmerding; 1)111 Ir.sham.
Uklah; Dodnon. Lick; Stevens, Berkeley;
Johnson. Berkeley.
220- yard dash: First heat — McDonald,
Oakland: Isgrig?. Berkeley; Heitmuller. Lick.
Second heat — Whitman. Berkeley; O'Connor.
Lick, Pemberton. Uklah. Third heat — Me-
K,enzie. San Rafael; Hawles, Uklah.
220- yard hurdles: First heat, Wilkinson,
Berkeley: Jacobs. San x Rafael; , Rud.dlck.
Uklah. Second beat — Turner, Mission ; Me-
Connell. San Rafael; Walton. Wllmerdlng.
Third heat — Dozler, Oakland; Doane, Lick.
Mile run — Meyer, Lowell; Garvin. Lowell;
Maundrell, Lowell; Johnson, Berkeley ; Stevens
Berkeley; Moye4. Lick; - Thompson, Lick;
Briggs. San Rafael; Keyes. Oakland; Dilllng
ham. Uklah. • ¦ »
BERKELEY, Oct. 3.— Eight high
schools will be represented in the big
annual field day of the Academic Ath
letic League next' Saturday on the
Berkeley cinder path. Youths seeking
athletic honors will come from the
Mission High School, Lowell. Lick,
Wilmerding, San Rafael, Oakland.
Ukiah, Santa Clara and Berkeley to
contest. The list of entries Is not so
long as in former years, most likely
because none of the smaller schools
will send representatives- According to
the entry list. the following named will
compete:
ICO-yard dash: First heat — Whitman.
Berkeley; McDonald. Oakland: Gray. San
Rafael. Second heat — Crossfield. Berkeley;
Eldridge. Berkeley: Sites Oakland; Perkins,
Uklah. -
In the eighth Eagan doubled, took
third on second out. Casey was passed,
ctole second, both scoring on McLaugh
lin's hit to Hall. Frisk tallied first on
a scratch hit, second base on an out,
third on passed bail, scoring by beat-
Ing the throw to the plate. In the
fourth Frisk drew Overall's only pass,
beat a throw to second on Leahy's
drive, scoring on an attempted double
play and Casey's wild throw. Doyle
made a sensational one hand catch,
•which . was the feature of the game.
Score: -
TketKn* — I Seattle —
AB. R. H. P. A| AB. R. H. P. A
Doyle.rt. 4 0 12 0:Vanhn.cf 4 0 0 4 0
Shehn.Sb 2 0 11 3.Mchlr.2b. 4 0 1 3 0
Ndyk.lb. 3 0 0 1:: HSmlth.rf. 4 0 0 10
Eagan.s. 4 12 1 rjFrisk.lf.. 3 2 110
Lynch.cf. 4 0 11 OiDelhty.Sb 4 0 0 0 2
r*wy.2b. 3 1 1 S SfLeahy.c. 3 o O 3 2
NcLdUf. 4 12 1 U;HalU.. 3 O O 1 7
Hofcan.c 3 0 13 " .'asn.'s.lb 3 O 0 11 O
OverLp.. 2 0 0 1 3:Hlcky.p. 3 0 0 0 3
ToUte.29 S 8 2C13J Totals.31 2 2 24 14
Pmllh oct for Interference.
RUNS AND HITS BT DSKIKGS.
Seattle 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—2
Paw Hits 0 1 1OOOOO O — S
Tammi O OO O TO 0 2 • — 3
Base Hit* 11022 102 •— 9
6UMMAIIT.
Struck out — By Overall 5, by Hlcker 4.
Bases on bills — By Overall 1. by Hlckey fi.
Wild pitches — By Overall 2. l'asnei balls —
By Ilcvan 1. Two-base bite — Baean 1. Sac
rinc* hits — Hr Hc-Kan 1. Stolen bases — Ca*ey
1. Hall 1. l#ft on base* — Tacoma. 8. Seattle
3. Double rlay*— Delehanty to Hall to
James. Lt-ahy to Mohlcr. Time of game —
One hcur and fifty minutes. Umpire — Tom
Brown
TACOMA, Wash.. Oct. 3.— Overall
gave a masterly pitching exhibition in
to-day's postponed game, allowing but
one clean hit and would have scored a
shutout but for battery errors. Hlckey
¦»a6 wild but effective at critical times
and the Tigers had to work hard to win
their sixtn successive victory. In the
fifth Mclaughlin singled, was sacri
ficed to second, taking third on
I>oyte's hit and scored on Sheehan's
pass. Overall having previously taken
base on balls.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Different High Schools
Are Confident That Their
Will Win
Sensational One-Hand Catch
by Doyle Throws Bleachers
Into a Dizzy Uproar
John Belknap Secures by
Stealth the Hand of Pret
ty Miss Carrie Jacques
NEW YORK, Ocl. 3. — H. B. Dur
yea's Sandria, with 105 pounds up,
won the fillies' half of the sixth Matron
Stakes of J 13,245 af Morris Park to
day. In doing so she made a new
world's record for six furlongs
straightaway by going \the distance in
1:OSH- The previous best time, 1:08%,
was made by John Boden's Firearm, a
four-year-old, carrying 120 pounds, in
1899, and by Endurance By Right, a
two-year-old, 120, in 1901. ; *".,
Five good fillies faced the starter
for this race. Belle Strome was favor
ite. Bedouin, an added starter, and
quoted at 20 to 1, won the colts' half
of the sixth Matron Stakes of 112,725.
Bedouin took the lead In the first
Quarter, and won driving by a neck
from the favorite, Gloriner. Ostrich,
carrying 93 pounds, in the Jerome
Handicap, broke the world's record for
one and five-sixteenth miles over the
hill, by running the distance in 2:13.
The old mark of 2:14-,* was made by
Sir John in 1891. Results:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs.; purse; three
year-elds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Liberia, ll* (Sperling) 6 1 Vi 1 2
30 to 1— Rawhlde.110 (H-Cochrn) 3 3 H 2 1
S to 1— Buckleya, 110 (Lyne).. S 0 h 3 4
Time. 1:27 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. A. Drake's ch. f. by Llbertlne-
Plquante. Aurumaster, Shipshape. My Mate.
Princess Atholing, Out of Reach, Conslder
atian. Neptumus, King B, finished as named.
Nine From Fair City Unable
to Connect With Twisters
of the Twirlers of Gotham
PARENT IS FORGIVING
Special Dispatch to Th» Call. >
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. ON. 3.— Arlena, a
two-year-old, beat Commodore, Elas
tic and the pick of the older horses
at the track In to-day's five furlong
at ¦ Delmar. Commodore was
.Jhe^only horse close to the youngster
and he had no chance. Four favorites
won. The weather was clear, the
track slow and attendance 3000.
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; maiden three
y-ar-okis:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 2— Turrando. 112 (D.Austin) 6 1 h 1 h
lOtol— Madoc. 105 (Williams). 2 4 2 2
20 to 1— S. Stevens, 109 (Undsey).lO 7 % 3 h
Time, 1:20. Start good.. Won driving. Wln
ner.'Mrs. W, P. Perkins' gr. g. by Farondale-
Turtle . Dove. Yellow Hammer 112. Torlo 112,'
Lookaway 100,-Cardona H2. Codex 1C3.. Fan
nette 112. Bush Smith 105. £d Merrltl 110.
Lady Stone 112. finished as named.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— Coruscate, fresh
from a campaign on northern circuit,
was made the medium of a 'killing in
the third race, the feature of the Worth
card to-day. The four-year-old filly
met the best field of horses she has
faced this year and on that account
8 to 1 was offered on. her chances. At
this figure the Canadian contingent
went. to her with a *ush, pounding her
down to 5 to 1 and then had the pleas
ure of seeing their "good thing" come
home alone," four lengths In front of
Fossil and Wainamoinen, with Lura
llghter,, equal favorite with Fossil,
beaten off fourth. Big Ben was the
only winning favorite, long shots being
generally successful.
The track was in good condition to
day, the weather clear and cool and
the attendance fairly good for Monday.
Summary:
FIRST IIACE — On» mils; "selling; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Jim Hale. 112 (Xlcol)... 3 2 ft 1 2
8 to 1— Falemlan, 108 (3eamstr).10 8 h 2 h
14 to 5~K. of the Valley, 112(Sba) 6 4 fa 3 2\L
Time. 1:43 3-5. Start good. 'TVon easily.
Winner. A. C Jones & Co."s b g. (6) by
Picoolo-Rllllto. Triumvir 110, Benson Caldwell
112, Charlie Miller 105, Ethel Scruggs 105,
Bubador 112. False Entry 105, v RowlanU M 10S,
Satire 120. Safety Light 108, Allle Vlrgie 112,
finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAKI) WOBK FOR TIGERS
BOYS. ARE' IN CONDITION
ST. LOUIS TEAM LOSES
Overall Gives a Masterly
Pitching Exhibition in a
Postponed Game at Tacoma
CleTeland ? s Winning Streak
Broken by Philadelphians.
Coakley's Curves Puzzling
Killing Is Made
on Coruscate
at Worth.
Best Amateurs in the State
to Compete in Trials
of the Academic League
Five Good Fillies
Face Starter
in Race.
Feature Race at
Delmar Is Won
by Arlena.
While San Jose Father Goes
Eiding, Chauffeur's Churn
Bun's Awa v With Daughter
BATTERY ERRORS
SAVE SHUT-OUT
END DAY WITH
HONORS EVEN
ATHLETES SEEK
GLORY OF FIELD
AUTO CAR AIDS
AN ELOPEMENT
DURYEA'S HORSE CUTS HALF
SECOND OFF FIREARM'S TIME
SANDRIA MAKES NEW WORLD'S RECORD FOR SIX FURLONGS
THE - SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1904.
Seeks to Lower Auto Record.
CHICAGO," Oct. 3.— B. B. Holcomb
left the Chicago Automobile Club at 2
o'clock; this morning in his automo
bile for 'New ; York- in an to
lower the record of seventy-two hours
and forty-three* minutes. - He will^try
to cover the distance in* sixty I hours. ~ i
OCCIDENTAL CLUB'S ENTERTAINMENT
— The • Occidental Atttletie Clut» will give ; an
entertainment and -. dance at JIUriun O-»era
Hal!. Mission - street, -near to
morrow : evening:. Ths clnn has secured «>m»
excellent ; talent. ~ Th* .' proceeds . of - the ' «ffa!r
wilTj be used ? lor the remodeling '. of * the club
house.\ ':'¦ V . '.'- . . , • ~, . ~. ¦¦'
NEW » YORK. Oct. 3,-^-The formal
retirement of Admiral Frederick "Rod
gers as commandant of < the^ew. York
navy yard took place, to-day and a for
mal ,"• transfer, -of ; the command -f was
made to Rear Admiral; Joseph 1 -B.
Coghlan. . ; **33aH8fl|
Gives Way to Admiral Coghlan.
O.z:i<lalns Report etl to Have Fallen j
Victims of an .Mt:»ok of a Somali !
Slnllah. |
ADEX. Arabia. Oct. I.— A Soa«!i j
Mullah, is' reDorted to have attacked!
and robbed the OsruUa in tribes, killin? {
600} tribesmen and capturing many!
camels and sheep.- -¦ 1
S\X . HUNDRED TRIBESMEN
SAID.TO HAVE BKEX SLAIN
NEW YORK. Oct. S.— A director of
the Rock Island to-day-:" confirmed 'the
report .that the annual meeting to
morrow; of f the Chicago and- .Alton
would probably be harmonious. Z: t He
added that- all: material ' differences
with . the so-called Harrirpan interests'
have been amicably settled.' r * '
Have SetUed With Hairlman.
10
. ftnvuK'i'isE^frvTy.
ITCHlHi.- ii
" -t*&W^ mm Bk
In July, 1SS3, 1 began to break out with
Eczema on my head, legs asd arsis, asd
began treatment with local doctors, baz
did not get much relief. They said the di>
ease had become chronic I then quit them
and tried various ointments and soaps for
another two years, but as soon as cold
weather came I was as bad off as ever, sol
finally decided to let xsediciae alone, aad
for twelve or thirteen years did cothisg
towards curing the Eczesia, except bath~
ing. This seemed to do about as rauch
good as anything I had tried.
During the time I lost about cce-fcalf of
my hair. I began S. S. S. docbtf ul of a
cure, because the disease had rca solcusy,
but soon discovered toot taedkiae was
doing rse good, aad coJstissed to Uic it.
I used seven bottles, wbea I wa» ccsa-
pletely cured, cot bavia£ % sxasfe $*v< ca
my body, which before was *hrsc»t c«a-
pletely covered. R C.
1017 HiciNrrry O::tur,w v Ik
The head, feet asd 5»*U aw )?^wJ>
the parts a2ectt\l, t!*H^^ W <J^»*«* *>»
pears oa other wT * V 5sxK,. \V«}» t \-
ternal appScaUcna «^«- \^ fec^feftj *a4
bur=:a p terap5rariSv k « »Xi?» »«**»i l Sas>wti
oa by the blcod tfe« «ay&*H)S& ««fertifca
and erupUoa* vfom tH «X^ T^? ** ii*
must be nctttra!i5«4 ariti t^* *^i*?w ? b?^.
edof allhwEtow as4 tvk>»* Srv;-c tbe
S/^jk ami cure i-»Tv?tu*=<s:.
K x ¦ I t*ttw\y free
1& c *^* f xsiaer-
V^ si.sa aat! i:.* dia>
Tke Swift Special teapoy, AtUata, 61.
MEN, I HAVE THE CURE J
. . 0
J want to talk to men who have pains A
JEMiZ ~jc~£<^K5^<. * a< * aches, who feel run down physically, *%
• MBt~ who realize- that the old "flre" and en- jm
jQRFf^SimT^r i\ etSY which was so evident ln youth Is 2?
gSSffl&pr absent now; men who can't stand the 5?
S/BSfSr amount of exertion they could years ago. 2
lag/jMgj m I want you — If that means you — to see" «^
(" : ,' v '>hL ¦"* "what I have done for others who were w
|<-*-^?-jHS» B J u^ 1 as o*d 03. That's my introduction. •
WgSgKJ&EQjtmmg^^ If a friend In whom you had confidence O
Kfe'gggaPi!^^gsS«"' f ffT?T pre^Ftited some one to you and said.
WS^lg/rJ&SB^BW "Jack, hero's Brown, he has made good A
WfSSSOfr « \ 1 wSth me - and 1 trust him." wouldn't. you a
«\F*^5s^ P \ trust hlrn - t0 °* If y° n w111 tel1 me where 2
1 you are I will clve you the name of a S
T^^^BvJVfi^fWrt J Jnan ln your own town whom I have Z
$w&BB l WiU Pa - Y $100 ° Forfeit •
C$tk For a case of Nervous Debility. Varico- •
JBBa^ tBk!^^-^^ co1c - Rheumatism. Lame Back. Lumba- ©
J i«S i;^fc>wJ^^B"^H^ F °- gclatica - *ny case of Kidney Disease Q
<4S&B$SS§ttBBK*£&fB^B& that has ROt X° ne as far as Qri^ht's Dis- O
y$S^^a^^J^^fV| ease. Indigestion." Constipation or any Q
•^ £^V^5P-^^^ f W^iSlpV Weakness which I cannot cure with my Z
"VT^yS^Av *V n«^ Improved Electric Belt.; the marvel X
- - of electricians, the most wonderful cura- X 1
tive device that has ever been introduced. This Belt is complete with Free zi
Electric Suspensory. . . •
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weak- • i
nesses of men. varicocele. etc It develops and expands all weak nerves •
and checks a loss of vitality. Xo case of Failing Vigor. Varicocele or 9
Debility can resist this powerful Electric Attachment. It never fails to A
cure. ;. . ¦ ¦ " .¦-:¦¦- .-• •
Air. E. F. Lohman. Hooker. Cal.. writes. March 11: "The . feellnr of de. A
spcadency is coee. and I hare perfect conSdence in myself now. ¦ I'm a ¦well man." Z
No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss "of that vitality Z
which renders life worth living.^No man should allow himself to become Z
less a man than nature Intended him. no man should suffer when there is
nt hend a certain cure»for his weakness. 2
Every man who uses jny Belt eets the ndvice and counsel of & physl- ®
clan free. I give you all that any medical man can give, and a *ot that ®
he can't. 9
PPPC ROOk' Tr y ra >* Belt - •'Write me to-day for my beautiful •
TKCd t>V/WIV. ujustrated book .with cuts showing how my Belt is •
applied, full of pood reading' matter for men who want to be«~The Noblest. 9
M'nrk »if G<k1" — A MAX. Inclose this ad. and I- will send this book. ©
»«a]ctl. free. Call for free consultation- . . - '-0
Dr.M. G McLauirhlin 906 Market st. 5
1^1 • Hi. w. iTltL,aU^llllll, lkT.Elli*.8»armeiM*,C»l. Q
OfSre Hour*— S a. m. to S p. m.; fcL-ndaya. 10 to 1. . BH8 GMovements of Steamers.
Foggy weather prevails along the California
coast and cloudy weather over Washington;
elsewhere on the Pacific slope the weather Is
fair.
The' pressure has risen slowly over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has risen in the vicinity of
San Francisco and remained nearly stationary
In other districts.
* Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 4:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, except
foggy along the coast in the morning; light
wept wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
except foggy in the morrslng; light west wind.
Los" Angiles and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Tuesday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair Tuesday.'
G. H. W1LLSON, Local Forecaster.
Temporarily in Charge.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. .From. ¦ I Due. \
Elizabeth.... Coqullle River Oct. 4,
North Fork... Humboldt Oct. 4
Pomo .... Point Arena & Albion. Oct. 4 :
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 4
Alliance Portland & Way Ports . Oct. 4 I
Centraiia San Pedro..: Oct. 4!
Chlco Coqullle River Oct. 4 |
Pomona Humboldt Oct. S
Aurelia Portland St Astoria. . . . Oct. . •
Panta Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 6
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Oct. 6
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd. Oct. 6
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. 6
San Pedro.... San Pedro ....Oct. 6
Coos Bay..... San Pedro & Way Pis. Oct. 7.
Amer. Maru. . China & Japan Oct. ' 7
Calif ornian... New Tork via Coronel. Oct. "7
Redondo Portland & Astoria. ... (Oct. 7,
City Puebla. . Puget" Sound Ports 'Oct. ,.8
Eureka Humboldt lOct. 8
Corona....... Humboldt |Oct. 8
Newburg Grays Harbor.... lOct. 9
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma ,...:Oct. 9
Argo......... Eel River . Ports Oct. 0
Arctic....... Humboldt Oct. 9
Breakwater. • Coos Bay Oct. 9
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 10
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 10
O. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Oct.: 10
Sequoia...... Willapa Harbor ...*... Oct. * 10
Columbia:.... Portland 6c Astoria". ... iOct. 11
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. |Oct. 11
Mariposa..... Tahiti IOct. 12
JJmatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 13
City Peking.. New York via Ancon. Oct. - 13 :
Ammon..... Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 13
China.......* China & Japan ».. Oct. 14
; ,.-;c. ~~ to bail] . ¦ ... T"
Steamer. ' Destination. Sails. Pier.
a . . October 4.
Samoa . . Lob Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
Norwood... Seattle direct.... 3 pm Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.... 6 pm Pier 8
Corona..... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 'J
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River....: 5 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centraiia... Gray* Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
, October 6. .
Eureka... ¦• Humboldt • am Pier 13
G Dollar.. Grays Harbor.:.... 4 pm Pier 20
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic.. •••• Humboldt' 0 am Pier 2
Jeanie.. ..•• Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
October 6. * :' . ..-. %
San 'Pedro. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Pomo Pt. ; Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 3
Etate of Cal San Diego &. Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport * Way. .. 9 am Pier 11
Alliance..-. Eureka & Cooa-B. 11 am Pier 16
Chico.. ..... Coqullle River..... 6 pm Pier 3
October 7. • . •
Queen Puget Sound Ports U am Pier 9
Abydos ..... Hamburg & Way .-. 12 m Pier 19
Siberia China & Japan.... l.pm Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Ponfbna.... Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
¦ ,: ¦- ;•• .. Octobers.': •- •
Aurelia . Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier -T
City Sydney N. York via Ancon 12 m Pier 40
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt. OrW 10 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena...... 4 pm Pier 2
. , October 9. .
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
g. Rosa..... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
¦ ¦ . October 10. , .¦,•'..-.
Cooa Bay.. '• San Pedro 4 Way. 9 am Pier 11
• October 11. -. >
Redondo. . . • Astoria ft Portland < 1 pm Pier 2
V .'.October 19/ . -•>'<
City Puebla. Puget Sound Porta 11 am Pier 0
', v i -. " October 13. A — I -. . »
Mongolia. . . China tt Japan. .. . 1 pm Pier 40*
Newburg... Graya Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
G. Llndauer Graya Harbor. ..... lpm Pier. 8
¦ ::-:.:. FROM SBATTLB. -,. . . ?:¦
.. Steamer. , ~ v . Destination. „ V /¦ j Salla.
Victoria.*:..'.. Nome' & *N.E. : SiberUlOct." .4
J«fteraon .-:;*.'; Skagway* Way Ports. IOct. J 5
Humboldt , . . . Skagway. & Way Ports. Oct.' 6
Dirigo.". ..... 1 Skagway ¦ ft Way Ports Oct.' :'. 7
Farallon.". . .". Skagway ft ,Way ' Ports Oct. .¦ 13
Oregon..";:...' Nome; ft St. Michael.. Oct. .8
Bertha.;..... Cookp Inlet ft Way Pts Oct. 10
£anta As»:... Seldovia . ft Way "Forts Oct. J8
: V The : 'i Hilbert i Mercantile Company
flled r a libel J yesterday • in ¦: the United
States "* Court \ against ' the
French shipDuchessede Berry to re
covers $ 2 2 9 8 J damages > to i a cargo > of
gin -and " other; merchandisei from f Ant
werp. X The , gin< is alleged to have 'been
broached s the £ crew ' and ¦;• tne r mer
chandise'to : have been spoiled by bilge
water.;, f; ' ' ' .¦ ... (-.' '•;;.".- .. ¦: \
Dnchesse de Berry Ubeled.
Robert X*' Pay nter was tried before
a Jury In Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday on a charge of making and
passing a fictitious „ check. He was
convicted . on , a charge of ¦ grand lar
ceny; and was ¦ ordered 'to. appear for
sentence on -Octobers 7. He passed a
check ; for $ 1 4 2 5 on the Wells-Fargo
Bank and purporting to be signed by
the TWestern '•: Supply Company," on
J. M. Drenon, 425 Pacific street ;
Convlctfidt of Grand IJareeny.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce, U. s. N., Mer
chants' 'Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.
October 8, 1904. „
The Time -: Ball < on . the ¦ tower of ithe ' Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. 1 e., at noon of - the 120th meridian or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Laeutenant, U. . S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 4.
Sun rises ....: g : o7
Kun sets.... 5 : so
Moon rises. 12:40 a. m.
0 ' jTImel ITlmel • JTlmel • (Time ~*
» |! / Ft. | J Ft. \ Ft. — -— Ft.
g |L W|' |H W|* 1L ,-wf |H W
1 0:47 < 0.4 7:46 4.6 1:10 2.6 7:05 O
6 1:42 0.4 8:34 4.9 2:10 2.0 8:15 6.1
6 2:45 0.4 9:17 fi.H 3:00 1.4 9:18 6.3
7 3:26 0.6 8:116 n.4 10:16 5.4 6:10 6 4
8 4:09 0.8 10:35 5.6| 4:40| 0.4 11:22 6l4
NOTE— in the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tldea of the
day in the order of, occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but_Jhree tides,, as
sometimes occurs. . The heights given are' in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is aubtracted from the 'depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Exports for Hllo.
The steamer Enterprise Failed on Saturday
for Hllo with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at $96,990 and including the follow
lcg:
547 bbla flour. 206 ctls wheat, 7391 ctls bar
ley, 205 ctls oats. 133 ctls corn. 1926 lbs shorts,
1190 bales hay. 159.707 lbs bran, 47.746 lbs
middlings, 13,036- lbs beans. 13,000 lbs salt
115.500 lbs rice, 9730 gals 10 c« wine, 8400 lbs
7 cs bread. 121 en 3O bhls salmon. 555 ca
canned goods, 3 cs hops, 352 pkgs potatoes, 95
pkgs onions. 416 pkgs- fresh fruits, 17 pkgs
fresh vegetables. 1208 lbs ham and bacon. • 9
c* baking powder, 121 pkgs paste, 79 pkgs
table preparations, 21.711 lbs .dried fish. S6
pkgs groceries and provisions, 7f> pkgs beer.
32 cs whisky, 30 pkgs liquors. S*t25 lbs lard,
2598 ]h* butter. 1526 lbs cheese. 3900 lbs cod
fish. X22O lbs fresh meat. 15 bbls vinegar, 3306
lbs sugar. 6 pkgs olives. 878 lbs 5 ca dried
Yrult. 1,921.600 lbs fertilizer, 25 pkgs dry
goods, 20 pkgs electrical supplies, 411 bxs soap
122 cs boots and shoes, 22,164 lbs 17 cs manu
factured tobacco. 38 pkgs paper. 81 tins
matches, 39 pes 8 bdls iron, 2 pkgs machinery,
IS pfces mlllwork. 11 es drug* 1» colls, rope,
32 pkg« nails, 400 bbls lime, 5 bales leather.
165 cb coal oil. 200,000 lbs cement, 2rt bbls
tar. 295 kegs white lead, 70 sks coal, 29 bxs
tin, 76 res sewer pipe.
ARRIVED.
' Monday, October 8.
Stmr Del Norte. Payne, 28 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Chehalls. Johnseon. 60 hours . from
Grays Harbor, bound south; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr North Fork, Nielsen, 27 hours from
Kureka. v
Stmr Newport. Corning. 12 hours fm Pigeon
Point. • .
stmr Phoenix. Odland. ,27 hours from Eu
reka. •
Stmr Gipsy. I/eland, 30 houra from Mon
terey.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hoars from
Port Rogers. v
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart 36 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 27 hours -from Eu
reka..
Stmr Queen. Cousins. 58 hours from Vic
toria.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. 70 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south; called In to land
passengers. ,
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, 24 hours from
Kureka.
Stmr State of California, Nlcolson. 41 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Lakme, Chrlstenson, 44 hours from 8an
Pedro. ¦ <
Stmr Newsboy. Le«, 88 houra from Crescent
City,
Stmr Navarro, Weber. 47 houra from San
Ptdro.
Stmr Soath Bay, Jamison. 44 houra from San
Pedro.
Stmr Eureka Jeasen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Mongolia. Porter. 28 days 16 hours 84
tnin from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days 1
hour ' 48 mln, via Honolulu 0 days 45 m in.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 26 hours from Eel
River. ¦ 'HMMllflM MHHhUWJW—
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, 12% days from
Nome.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. . t S&? J &&^i^uittt*#&&i
Btmr Montara, Reilly, 7T houra from Port
Hadlock. ~
Schr Jenni* Griffin. Gibson, 8 hours from
Bolinas. .
Schr Spokane. Jamlason. 10 days from Port
Gamble. -j>
Schr John F - Miller, Hubs, 8 days from
Tillamook. ' . - -
-Schr Bella, Jacobsen. 8 days from Siuslaw
River. . " .
Schr Czarina, Bchmala. 17 daya from Pirate
Cove;: .- . ¦ ..: ¦ -, ¦ : ¦ -•;•• .- - -
, Schr Albion. Olsen, : 10 days from Siuslaw
Schr Falcon. Anderson. 8 daya from Grays'
Harbor. ¦ 1 >#m aiv ywrnp nmij&iMil '
Bchr Advtnt, Olsen. 6 daya from Cooa Bay
Schr A M Baxter, > Isaacson, ' 11 daya from"
Bellingham. ... '
Schr Excelsior. Trudgett, 0 daya from Wll.
lapa Harbor.
Monday, October .8,
Btmr Columbia, , Doran. Portland \ and Asto
ria; S F and Portlands S. Co.- .••¦ • °4 :
Br stmr Wyefleld^ Watson.' Ladysmith^ B C-
Western "Fuel Co, " ¦ •. " - "
Br ship Helensburgby Jefferson,' Leith- Amer
Hop & Barley Co.' ¦ -. - ¦
- Bohr O M- Kellogg;. IVeraoo, Rarotonga, via
Tahiti; John Wlghtman. Jr. ' . - .
Cargo by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Ean Juan sailed on Saturday
for the Isthmus of Panama and way ports
with a general merchandise cargo valued at
f87,21O, to b« distributed aa follows: Central
America, $37,833; Mexico, |471; Panama,
{2595; Colombia, $S48; New York, $42,713;
Trinidad Island. $180; Germany, $2360; Peru.
$210. The following were the leading ex
ports: . -•¦ •
To Central America — 3142 bbls flour. 1049
gals 24. cs wine, 18 cs whisky, 12 cs beer, 710
lbs 2 cs raisins, 138 pkgs groceries and provi
sions, 25. ca canned goods, 18 pkgs fresh fruits,
1000 lbs tea, 678 pkgs potatoes, 120,000 lbs
salt, 1390 lbs splcea. 665 lbs 2 cs bread, 929
\» ham and bacon, 532 ctls corn, 746 lbs
malt, 4644 . lb* beans. 1000 lbs codfish, 15 cs
pickles. 15%987 lbs rice. 15 .crU onions. 10
pkgs paste, 200 pkgs bluestone, 401.300 lbs
cement, 69 flasks quicksilver, 43,903 • lbs tal
low, 53 pkgs - machinery, 303 cs coal oil, 22
cs turpentine, 6 bdls steel, 41 pkgs windmill,
178 bdl» pipe, 6000 fire bricks, 3SJ.50 ft lum
ber, 8 pkKS dry goods,' 10 coils rope, 1751' gala
lubricating oil, > 48 pkgs > paints and oils.
To Mexico— 230 bdls' snooks, , 69 bdls 114 bars
iron, 6 pes pipe, '4' keg* nails, 2 bale* paper, 1
coil wire. • ' ¦*:."*¦
To Panama — 175 bbls flour, 2467 gala win*.
10 pkgs groceries and* provisions, 110 pkgs
frtsh vegetables, 21,966 ft lumber.
To Colombia— 13 1 bbls flour. 640 . lbs . lentils,
224 mis 4 ca wine. 20 cs . salmon, 6 pkgs
Olives.
To New York— 49.081 " gals wine, 4900 . lbs
rice. 6560 lbs grasa seed,' 400.269 lbs pig lead.
64 bales cattle hair, 16,100 lbs dry hides, 4969
gals sperm oil, 161 bales Junk. "
To. Trinidad Island — 50 cs canned salmon.
To Germany — 100 cs canned fruit.'
To Paru— 420 gala win*, f
SHIPPING INTELIJGENCE.
The 6chooner O. M. Kellogg, which cleared
yesterday for Raratonga vfa Tahiti, carried
cargo for Tahiti valued at $4974 and merchan
dise consigned to Raratonga valued at $4187.
The following were the principal shipments-
To Tahiti— 153.017 ft lumber, 130 bd'ls
ehingles, 70 bdls lath?, 40 bdls shakes, 55
bbls flour. 28 bales hay. 1800 lbs bread, 4 ctls
wheat. 6000 gals distillate. 1440 gals gasoline,
1 cs benrine, 46 cs powder. 4 cs cars and
fuse. 2 cs saints. 2 cs turpentine.
To Raratonsra— lOl.Ooo ft lumber, 130 bbls
flour. 2345 lbs rice, 13O sals wine, 50 cs 6
pks» salmon, » drums benzine, 4 bdls oars 4
cs dry goodn. 42 pkgs demijohns, 12 pkgs sew
ing machines. 30 pkgs vehicles, 4 bales twine
2 cs tlassware.
Cargo for the South Sea Islands.
Cliartcrs.
The German ship P^ru in chartered for wheat
from Puget Sound to Europe at 20s 3d (Is 3d
less direct).
The following vessels are chartered for lum
ber (Puget Sound loading): Ship Arthur
Sewall, to Shanghai, at 82s 6d; schooner
Henry K. Hall, to Valparaiso, for orders
(Pieajrua range), at 37« 6d (2s 6d less direct);
French bark Moliere, to Melbourne or Ade
laide, at 32s. All chartered prior to arrival.
The bark George Curtis returns to Honolulu
with general carco. •
The British ship Helenaburgh was cleared
yesterday for Lelth, Scotland, with 5O.O23
ctls barley, valued at $67,809. and 18 000 ft
lcrober as dunnaire, valued at 1270.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Baker 29. IK) 7« 62 SW Clear ' .00
Carson ". ..2"J.se 78 42 E Clear '.0O
Eurtka 20. !H 58 54 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 20.78 88 58 NW Clear .00
S.E. Faralloa.29.88 58 55 NW Foggy ,00
Flagstaff-... ..29. S« 72 32 NE fc Clear- .00
Pocatello . 29.88 76 .- 44 SW Clear ..00
Independence .29.88 80 52 NE Clear ;.00
Lo» Ansreles..20.7S 80 66 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tamalpais.29.92 78 6« NW Clear --.00
North Head... 30. 06 68 52 NW Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.72 94 60 SW Clear Tr.
Pt Reyes Lt. .29.82 58 04 N Foggy .00
Portland 30.00 66 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Red Bluff 29.84 90 CO SE Clear .00
Koseburg 29.94 78 48 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.82 84 62 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.00 76 50 NW Clear .00
San Francisco.29.SS 7S 56 "W Clear .00
San L. Oblspo.29.84 76 56 SW Cloudy .00
San Diego 29.78 72 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.08 60 60 W Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.88 70 50 SW Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.00 58 50 NW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 20. 88 78 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca .29.94 78 38 SW Clear ¦ .00
Yuma 29.68 98 66 W Clear .00
The officers and crew of the new battleship
Ohio have arrived on board that vessel at the
Union Iron Works, and this afternoon at 2
o'clock she will formally, go Into- commission.
She will immediately receive her supply of
coal and be ready for a short trial cruise on
the coast for a. tryout. • ••
Ohio Ijj Commission To-Day.
The schooner John F. Miller, Just In from
TUlamook. yesterday afternoon, while comlns
Into Mission Bay, struck the barkentine
Gleaner. The vessel was at anchor and the
schoorer attempted to cross her bow. The
tide threw her head Into the Gleaner, carrying
away the barkentine's forertfrginEr and dam
aging her rails. The schooner escaped injury.
The lar^e Matson Navigation Company's
rteajrer Enterprise sailed Sunday evening for
HIlo and Honolulu with a general carso of
merchandise. 'With her cleared from this
pert the Bbip Marion Chilcott, which has been
converted into an oil carrier. The ship will
be tewed by the Enterprise to the Islands. ;
? '—
Barkentlne Gleaner Damaged.
A Heavy Sea Tow.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 3—5 p. m. [
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures ar9 reported for the previous day
from Eastern cities:
Cincinnati 76-44 New Orleans ©4-76
Boston 52-4C' Philadelphia. 66-50
Jacksonville 92-70 Washington • S2-50
St Louia 72-58 New York 68-50
Chicago 5U-4S Pittsburg .62-44
SAN FRANCISCO ..78-56
~~ COAST RECORD.
a sc g a $5 t
3 2333 4 2' ?
v STATIONS. 5 •§ »g 3§ ?-• -S"
-, p P (a p. y -
' c e '• '• $
WEATHER REPORT.
STEAMER ENTERPRISE ON WAY
TO HAWAII WITH THE) SHIP
MARION CHILCOTT IN TOW.
Sung. M. Surth. Mrs. M. Surth and maid. Miss
Dorcas Eurth. S. K. A. S*e. Ping Yuen Sze,
Tfcan Xyan Sxe, Chin Yuan Sie, Professor K.
Tanba and servant, R. N. Truman, G. F. de
Vol. Mrs. G. F. d» Vol and child, George S.
Watrous. Mrs. G. S. Watrous and child. Mas
ter W. D. Watrous.
From Honolulu— Dr. Scudder and wife. Miss
W. Dole, E. C. Peters and wife. E. A. Hop
kins. P. C. Jones, Mrs. O. P. En*erson, T. C.
Davies, E. A. Palmer. Mrs. W. H. Bailey, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Halstead. B. A. Berndt, P.
Peck. Miss 8. Peck. G. L. Keeney. Miss A. D.
Anthony. M. M. O" Shaugbnessy. Mr. and Mrs.
Haberttm. Ml«s Haberton. Messrs. Green
well (2). C. Snyder, Captain and Mrs. Bell.
H. VT. MartinoJT, H. W. Diets. M. U Gould.
Mrs. H. R. Emspey, Mrs. C. A. Robinson,
Mrs. J. "\V. Robinson. Mr. and Mrs. Miller.
Mr. ai«d Mrs. Jcy. Mr. McKeon. E. Y. Shearer,
Sirs. A. C. MrKeaver, W. Templeton, Mrs.
J. K. Gandall. L. L. Greenwell. J. Greenwell.
F. J. KirchoO. S. "Wile. J. VT. Farwell. J.
Souza, K. Johnson, J. D. R. Green.
The Pacific Mail steamship Mongo
lia, from the Orient, after waiting all
day yesterday off the coaat in a thick
fos. found the atmosphere late in tha
afternoon clear enough to £?t her land
bearings and eteam for the entrance of
the harbor. She cam« into the bay,
passed Quarantine and tried to make
the wharf at First and Krannan
Ftreeta, but, a hay schooner being di
rectly in the way. the biff liner was
forced to ba£k away and come to an
chor at 7 o'clock In the evening off the
Pacific MjM» dock.
September 4 the Mongolia left Hong
kong, Amoy the 5th. Shanghai 8th. Na
kafaJrt lOth. Kobe 12th. Yokohama 17th
and Honolulu 27th. In her cargo are
ES30 bales of silk. SOS bales silk hand
kerchiefs, 23,406 mats and 2578 chests of
tea. She brings in her strongroom
51.000,000 in treasure. The voyage was
uneventful except rough weather in the
Yellow Sea, which, however, hardly
disturbed the huge craft.
Professor J. W. Jinks of the Mone
tary Commission, who has been in the
Orient studying the financial conditions
of those countries, is returning home.
He states that, they are rapidly passing
to the gold standard. Melton Prior of
the Ixjndon News and A- Fischer of the
Liondos. Times are returning home, sick
of Japanese censorship. Tom D. Mc-
Kay, the genial and well-known route
a^ent of the steamship lines in the
East, is taking a &ynx through the
West. A number of Chinese and Jap
anese students axe en route for East
em schools.
Mr. Prior, who Is the veteran of war
correspondents, after eight months at
the front in Manchuria, says:
"I simply dread the outcome of the
present war between Japan and Rus
eia. If It can possibly be settled with
out any European complication it
would be, comparatively speaking, all
right, but I cannot see how that can
be avoided. I am absolutely certain
that somehow or other the powers will
be Involved and then will come the
most awful war in the history of the
world. This is but the beginning."
Captain R. M. Robertson, formerly
commander of the British steamship
Anerly. which yt&s lost near Fusan,
Korea, on July 23, is returning to Eng
land.
She was on her way from Otaro, Ja
pan, to Pasan, with a load of timber
for the new Seoul railway. "When she
¦was nearics her destination a heavy
fog caused her to lose her bearings
and she was wrecked on the rocky
coast, about twenty-five miles north of
Fusan. Captain Robertson and his
crew managed to get ashore and went
to iFusan. The better part or the An
erij-'s cargo was salved, but owing to
tbe lack of proper fatalities nothing
could be done to save the vessel. She
was totally wrecked August 25 by a
typhoon, ¦which also played great havoc
¦with the port of Fusan.
The following are the cabin passen
gers:
H. e. Aarons, Professor M. Abe. W. S.
Allen. R. Aral. Miss 1L Arai and governess,
F. W. Batten. Captain F. W. Batten. Mrs. G.
Bennett, W. C. Bv^rer, Mrs. W. C. Bucner.
ittss M. C*xl«rton, Jay Charm. Povson Chu.
C. W. Clark. S. F. Draie, Mn. N. T. Draie.
M&s L Dudley. A. E. Durand. H. K. Fanner.
<;. AV. Felton. A. J. Ferrier. A. Fischer. Perry
VT. FSsher. .Mrs. B. M_ Ftorest. Y. A- Preemia,
Mrs. F. A- Freeman. A. Graef. F. X. Grow.
E G. Han?cn. T. HJrose. M. I^aJ. Dr. W.
Ifciirw, Professor J. W. Jenk*. H. Kakinchi.
J.ieTztesaEt A. G. Havana gh. U. S. N.; B. A. ¦
Keyes. G. B. Wilson. Y. Kinoshita, K. J.
Kicgsforti. lire. K. J. Kingsford. VI Kynin
Kco, H. S. Lockrnrlth. Mrs. H. 3. Lrfjck-
FTnith, O. aiarsbs.ll. " Mrs. J. W. Martin.
Charlea llaitel. Oa^jtain A. A. McIIare T
D. McKay. Dr. T. C. B. Means, C. A. Mor
rogn. Mm. C. A. Morroph. Professor Y. Ma
tora, Y. Murai, Mies Y. Murai aad governess.
Mis* T. Uural, Mrs. G. B. Wilson, Master T.
Mural. Y. Nakamura, C. L. Naseh. F. H.
Olmeteaid, T. Otsuka, M. Osaki. Captain Papet,
Tong Foo Pel, M. Pos, Mrs. R. Powers, Mel
ton Prior, Captain P. M. Robertson, F. R.
Ryan. H. Sanborn. Professor S. Sato and ser
vant. H. Schaellkopf, Major L. L«. Seaman,
M. Shlbata, Bla Fung Yang, E. P. Shuxn&n,
A. P. Simpson, Mrs. A. !>. Sleeper. Kiab Loh
Delayed a Day Off
the Coast in
Thick Fog.
BIG PACIFIC MAIL LINER MONGOLIA
ARRIVES SAFELY FROM THE ORIENT
Enterprise Will Tow
Oil Carrier to
Honolulu.
CLEVER WIVES
OUTWIT THEM
CORBIN MAKES
FIRM DENIAL
San Francisco Men Take
v Jaunt to Hawaii, but Find
Spouses Already There
REUNION <AT WAIKIKI
Asserts That He Did Not
Fix Marriageable Income
at Two Hundred a 'Month
AGAIN. STATES VIEWS
He Believes All Officers
Should First Have the
War Department Consent
Pacific Liner Outspeeds the
Sailing Vessel and Pre
vents a Bachelor Outing
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Correspondence.
HONOLULU, Sept. 27.— E. W. Joy,
R. E. Miller, J. O. McKnown and Mr.
Weil, all business men of San Fran
cisco, and managers of big business
concerns, decided recently to come to
Honolulu for a vacation. They arrived
on the Marston, a sailing vessel, after
a voyage of eighteen days. They
drank in the delights of the city for an
hour or two and decided to go to, the
bfach at Waikiki. As they whirled
out on the Rapid Transit they were
touched .with remorse, at the thought
of wives left behind.
At Waikiki they scanned the Moana
register and j there in familiar script
were the names of Mrs. Joy and Mrs.
R. E. Miller. The ladies had in San
Francisco decided to come to Hono
lulu by steamer. They beat the sail
ing vessel several days and were at
the Moana as a surprise for their
slew traveling husbands. The entire
party will return to San Francisco In
the Alameda, after a stay in the
tropics.
CONNECTICUT CITIZENS '*
ENGAGE IN MAN HUNT
Armed Force Pursuing Man Who. Shot
Two Persons and Is Suspected
of Barn Burning.
HARTFORD, Conn., Oct 3. — A man
hunt is on in East Glastonbury. The
State police force, headed by Chief
Egan, and many of the residents,
heavily armed, are searching 1 for John
C. WhipDle, who two weeks ago shot
and seriously wounded a neighbor*
James Starmer, and last week shot
State Policeman Loukes, who was at
tempting to arrest him for the crime.
It is suspected also that Whipple'
has burned two barns and consequent
ly all barns stocked with \he season's
crop3 are guarded night and day by
armed farm hands. It is believed that
Whipple is hiding in a cave in Mott
Hill.
OMAHA, Oct. 3. — "Did I say Amer
ican officers should not marry unless
they had an income of $2400 yearly?,
No, sir, I never said anything of the
kind. The newspapers have misquot
ed me on the subject." ,
This statement was made to-day by.
General Henry C. Corbin, who spent
an hour in Omaha on his way to the
Philippines, where he will take com
mand of the forces in place of Gen
eral Wade. General Corbin, however,
proceeded to discuss the theme of
marriage with special reference to
army officers, saying:
"Our army is overmanned. The
pay of a subaltern officer is barely
enough for his proper support and for
the expenses of his equipment and uni
form. If to this are added the inev
itable expenses - attached to a family
it is not only probable, but almost cer
tain that when the officer strikes his
balance at the end of the year he will
be behind if he has no income but his
pay. That a bachelor officer is more
valuable to the service than a mar
ried officer does not follow, nor do I
wish to be understood as so saying.
But the married officer is less valuable
if in marrying he has not - exercised
that prudence which should govern
all transactions in life.
"I am firmly of the opinion that no
officer should enter the marriage rela
tion without first getting authority
from the War. Department and that as
a necessary condition thereto he
should 'make it clear that his income
after marriage will be sufficient to
support himself and family and above
all if he is to live on his pay he should
state on his honor that he is fee from
debt."
General Corbin, who was in the
Philippines three years ago, says he
does not anticipate making any
changes in the policy laid out by Gen
eral Wade.
Six Men Burled Alive In a Mine.
ATLANTA, Ga., Oct. 3.— A special
from Carterville, this State, says ,six
men have been buried alive in a mine
near that place. The dead are B. P.
Morgan, owner of the mine and a
prominent business man, and five em
ployes.
PARIS, Oct 3. — Frederick Augustus Bar
tholdl. the sculptor of the Statute of Liberty
in New York bayr is critically 111 with tuber
culosis.
YOUNG WOMAN KILLS
AN UNWELCOME SUITOR
With Child In Her Arms She Fires on
3Ian in New York Tenenient-
House.
NEW YORK, C\ct. 3. — Angry be
cause of his attempts to force his un
desired ¦ attentions upon her and de
termined to repulse him at any cost,
she declares, Mrs. Rosa Barbadi, 22
years old, to-day shot and killed
Michael Rago in an East Side tene
ment-house.,, !„. ,.-.. :¦•;-. ',"••
Mrs. Barbadi made no attempt to
resist arrest and was taken to a po
lice station, carrying her two-year-old
baby; which she held In her arms
when she fired the fatal shots. '
SHOOTS BUSINESS RIVAD
AXD CO31MITS SUICIDE
Aged Portland Gunsmith Inspired by
Jealousy, Fatally Wounds Com
petitor and Kills Himself.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 3. — Because
he was jealous of a rival's growing
business, Adrian Gaudron, a gunsmith
and cutler, aged .7.7 years, shot and
fatally wounded P. Serge-Kisslow,'
also an aged man, at the latter's place
of business on Washington street, near
Sixteenth, to-day and then blew out
his own brains. .
SAILED.
Monday, October 3.
Stmr F A KUburn, Thompson. Port Rogers.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles. Half moon Bay.
Stmr Lakme. Christensen. .
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, Eureka.
Stmr National City, Hammar, Fort 'Bragg.
Stmr Navarro. Weber. Blhlers • Point.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. San Pedro. •
¦ Stmr Celta, Smith, for Albion. :
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, for Ladysmlth. •
Schr Bessie K, Starts, San Vicente Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct 3. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind W; velocity 0 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. ¦ ,
Aug 23— Lat 0 S, long 26 W, Br bark Busses,
from Vancouver for Sunderland.
Aug 30— Lat 6 15 N, long 27 W, Bryahlp
Ormsary. from Antwerp for 8an Francisco.
Sept 2— Lat 18 S. long 26 W. Fr bark Babln
Chevaye. from Swansea for San Francisco.
Sept J.4— Lat 12 N. long 27 W, Fr bark
Mareohal d« Noilles, from Oregon for Queens
town.
r DOMESTIC PORTS.
JUNEAU— Sailed Oct 1— Stm r Bertha, for
Seattle.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 8— Stmr . . Redondo,
hence Sept 29. '
Arrived Oct 3— Br ship Oweenee. from New
castle, Aus.
TACOMA— Sailed - Oct 2— Bktn Chaa P
Crocker, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed out Oct 3— Br ship
Samaritan, from Tacoma for United Kingdom.
Passed in Oct 3 — Schr Golden Shore, from
Manila far Port Townsend; Ger ship Aide-;
baran from Newcastle, Eng, for Port Towns
end. » ' ' ' .
Passed out Oct 3 — Schr J W Cllse, from
Port Blakeiey for 8an Pedro; schr Minnie A
Calne, from Tacoma for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 3-^Stmr Whittler.
from Redondo.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Whittler, for San Fran
cisco. . r ¦ ¦ :
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr.
Santa Rosa, hence Oct 2, and sailed for San
Diego.
GRAYS TIARBOR— 8alled Oct 1— Schr No
komls. for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Newburg, hence Sept 29.
Arrived Oct 3 — Brig Geneva, hence Sept 21.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Pomona, ho
Oct 1; stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay. /
Sailed Oct 2— Stmrs Eureka. Brunswick and
Phoenix and schr Vine, for 'San Francisco;
•chr Bertha Dolbeer, for Newport.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct .3— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco. "' ¦ '
PIRATE COVE — Sailed Sept 14 — Brig J D
SpreckelB. for Senak.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 3— Bktn Skaglt.
for San Pedro. •
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 3— Schr Cecelia
Sudden, for San Pedro. •
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Acme,
from Eureka; stmr Pasadena, from Eureka;
stmr Prenttss, hence Sept 26; schr Caroline,
from Umpqua River.
Sailed Oct 2— Schr Alive J Olson, for Bal
lard.
Arrived Oct 3— Stmr San Pedro, from Ven
tura; stmr San Gabriel, from Umpqua River.
Sailed Oct 3— Bktn Geo C Perkins, for Graya
Harbor.
NOME— In port Sept 21— Schr Martha W
Tuft; schr Snow & Burgess.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Oct 3— Schr W
H Smith, from Winslow.
RAN DIEGO — Arrived Oct 3 — Schr Webfoot,
from 1 Coos Hay
POUT BLAKKI.EY— Sailed Get 3— Schr Ma
nila, for — -. - • •
WINfJI.OW— Arrived Oct 3— Schr Camano,
from Tort Gamble.
FORT J»RAGU — Sailed Oct 3 — Stmr James S
HlKgtiis. for Krti> Francisco.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Oct .1 — Stmr Newburg,
hence Sept 20: brig Geneva, hence Sept 21.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Minnesota,
for San Francisco. ¦ - '
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 2— Ship Lu- 
zon,' from Honolulu. ¦ '- -¦ ¦
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Arrived Oct
3 — Stmr American, from Honolulu.
ISLAND PORTS. *
MANILA— Sailed Sept 10-^Br stmr Amber
ton for Calcutta. "T.
MAKAW ELI— Sailed Sept 2?— Bark Edward
May. for San Francisco. -.-¦. ..... . ... .-, - .
FOREIGN PORTS. ', '.'.
AXTWERP—Sailed Sept 30— Br ship Pytho
tnene. for Oregon via Honolulu. .
HAMBURG — In port Sept 20— Br ship This
tle, for San Francisco. •
NEWCASTLE, Aub— Sailed Sept 20— Br stmr
Sellasla, for Manila. "". . ¦ • '
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 30— Br stmr Em
press of Japan . for Vancouver. . i "
ACAPULCO — Arrived Sept 15 — Br ship Car
cedd Llewellyn, from Cardiff.
LONDON — Arrived Oct 2 — Fr stmr Amiral
Troude. from Santa Rosalia.
SUEZ— Arrived Oct 2— Br stmr Foyle, from
Hongkong for New York.
ESQUIMALT— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Nevadan,
hsnee Sept 29.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 3— Br ship Crown
of Germany, from Shanghai; schr City of San
Diego, from . Dutch Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS. '¦ ¦ \
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Zeeland,
from Antwerp via Dover; atmr Minneapolis,
from London; stmr Giulla, from Trieste Na
ples, etc; stmr Rotterdam, from Rotterdam
via Boulogne; stmr Bovic. from Liverpool.'
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Bluecher
from New York via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst. from New York via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 3— stmr Minneton
ka, ¦ from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Pomera
nian, from Montreal via Liverpool
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Ger
manic, from Southampton for New York
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 30— Stmr Empress
of Japan, from ' Hongkong- for Vancouver
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Koeni
gen Lulse. from New York for Naples and
proceeded.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Hohenzollern, from Genoa
and Naples for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Fries-,
land, from Philadelphia for Liverpool and pro- '
ceeded. •
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. .
NOTE — The high and Jow waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street -wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDaV, OCTOBER 4, .1904.
11
¦ ¦ ' • -V
. RAILWAY jmAyEIv
".' ~''-'~_ "'"" ri _r "* ¦¦ -~ ' ' "¦'"-"-';--.»
•Tir H/t\ Trmln* lratre sad »r» Attn .
UL^^-JZ) SAN FRANCISCO. '
lVy Jz3TyoJ ' r *°* OcToaxa -\ 1M1 r
N^^ y/ .. Yrnxn Dxrorr
X **S_J-- X ''^ (Toot of Market Street.)
L " w ~ MiyiM LINE. -*m«rr»
?S2 A v * e *»»Ue. Winteri,Rnin»er_ 5^155
»?S A Bec 'cl*.Elinlrj»»n<i 8»crsmento.. 7.20P
7.30a Vallejo. Xspa. C«!'.«tosi. Santa
,,- Martlaez. Ssd Ramon 8.20p
• s2* Slle »' Tracy. Luthrop. Stockton.... 7£QP
8 COa Shmt» Kxprett— (Via Darli).
Wintamt, Wlllowi, tFroto. Ued
. „_ Blrnr. Portland. Tacoma. Seattla 7.50*
- o CuAQaTts, Woodland. KatxQtJ Landing. - .'
-__ Marytvllle. Orotllle 7.80»
a-dUA port Coaia, Uarclnez. Anttoch. .
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. New •
man. Loi Banoa. M e n d o t s.
. ¦ Ar:non». Ilaaford. VI sal Is.
_„ Portpmile 4J9m
wZOA port Costa. Modesto. Merced,
Freiao, Gosnrn Junction, lisa-
J' ford, Vltalla. nakertfleld 4.50* i
8. 30 A Ntles, San Jose. Urermore. Stock> > ; •
ton, (tM!lton>. lone, Sacrnmento^
r Mtrysvliie. Caieo. Red ClnS .... 4.20P
8.30 a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
' nora. Tnolnmne »nd Anxels 4.20f» "
9 COa Atlantic Express— t)siden»n<lE»M. 5 20p
8.30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
• •¦ Stations ••50i»
10 00A The Overland Limited — OKtlen.
Omaha. Chicago, Ueur or, Kansas
-«.- CUy, St. LouU 6-20i»
10.00a Vallejo 12.20»»
10.00a Los ' Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Traey,
Lathrop. St oak ton. Merced,
' Baysaond. Fresno. Go* hen June-
> tlon. Hanford, Lemoore. Vlsalia.
' Bakersfleld. Los Angetes 7.20s>
12.00m Hayward, N'lles and Way Stations. 3.20? X
11 00f> Sacramento Rlrer Steamers .til. OOP.. ,
3.30P Benlcia, Winters. Saeramenta
Woodland. Knight* Landing.' • ¦
Marysrille. OroTille aad way ,
,„ sutlons IOSOa
8-SOp Hay ward. Nil es and Way Stations.. 7 50p
' 4 CCp Marttn«i.Si>n Ramon, ValleJo.N'apa,
".m» Ca'.Utoga. Senu ISosa. ' IWa-
*-COp Niiea, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...... 10.20a ;
4 30PH»yw»rd. 511es. Irrlagton, Bant tS.SOA
Jose. Llrennore ) J11.50a
SOOp The Owl Limited— Newman. Lot t.
Banot, Mendoia. Fresno. Talara,
._,„ Bakersaeld.LosAngslea 8-50*
tS^Op Hayward. Nlles and Baa Joss 7.20a
••COp Hayward. Nlles and SaaJos*. 9.50a !
•4)0p Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago.- > . ¦
Denrer. Kansas City, Si. Louli, .
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento. " .,,.
Colfax, Reno. Sparks, Tonopan, '•''
_' _ Keeier. Oitden 12-50»"'
«,00p Vallejo. dally, except Sunday... . I 7 so _ .
7J0PVaUeio.SandayonlT .....f 7* 0m
7J30p Klchmoml. San Pablo, Port Costa, - , a
Martinet and Way Station* 11.20a P
8.05p Port . Costa, Martlnes. .Byron, .--'.
Tracy, Lathrop, Model tow W!*M
¦ ¦•••'¦ Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Buttons beyond Port Costa 1220?
I-OSp Tosemlte Valley, Tta Berenda and
Wawona (Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) 8.50a
8-OSp Martinez. Tracy. Stockton ..'.. .. 10.20a'
8.06p Oregon A California Express— Sao-
ramento, Marytrllle, Beddtng.
Portland. Puget Sound and Zui. t.SOA
1.1 Op Hsywtrd, Nile* and San Jose (Snn-
dayanly) 11.80a
COAST LI N E_ (-««rr.w «» M e). Jg •
(Foot of Marfcet Street.) t 'r
8-16A Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Bant* .
Cms and Way Stations 5S5P
f2.15P Newark, Centervllle, San Join. * \,
New Almaden. Los Gstot.Felton,
Bonlder Creek; Santa Cms and ' 'V
' Principal Way Stations tia.55*
4.15pNewirk. San Jose. Los Oatoa...]
o930p Hunters' Train (Satnrday only>—
8anJeae and Way Stations ...... t7.25p
COACT LINE (Broad Waage). '.;
BT (Third »n<l Townsend Streets.)
! " 6.10a San Jose and Way Sutlons. 830P '¦
7.00a San Jose and War SUtlOns S.40p
800a New Almaden (Tne*, Frid.. only). 4.10P
800a The Coaster— San Jose. Sallnaa,
San Ardo. Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita. Baa Lois ObUpo,
: Gaadalape. Garfota, Saata Bar-
bara. San Baenarentara, Mon- -
talro, Oznard, Borbank, Los
Angele* „ 103Qp '
8.00a Gllroy, Uolilster, Castrorllle, Del . :
Monte, Pacific Grove, Snrf, Lorn- , I
*- noe 1030P
9.00a "an Josn. Tree Plnos.WauonTllle,
Capltola. Saata -Crux, Padfle
GroT«. Billau, 8*11 Lilt ObUpo
and Principal Way Station*. ... 4.10p.
1030a San Jose and Way Station*. 1.20p
11 30a San Jose and Way Sutions 7.30p
2-15p ean Jose and Way Stations 8-3&A
S-SOp Del Monte Kxprens— SanU Clara,
San Jose, W a t s o a v t II e, Santa
Cruz. Dei Monte. Monterey.--
PaciaeOrore 12-1 So
13-OOp Loi Oatoa. Wright, BosMn Creek.
i Santa Cmz, Tia Saata Clara and
Narrow Oange t10-45A
! 5-30PV»l?ncia St., South San Prsnclnco,
- Burltngame, San Joso, Gllroy,
Bolllster, Tre* Pino* 10.45a '
4.30p Pan Jose and Way Stations...:.... +8.00a "
tS. OOP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Qatos. ¦ >••
and prtnclpai Way Sutlons (ex-
cept Sunday) "tS-OOa
J5.30 p Ban Joee and PrlnclpalWay Stations {3.40a
6 45p6anaet Express.— Redwood. Sam ,
Jose, Gllroy,9allnM,Pa*o Kobles,
, . £aa Lat* ObUpo, Santa Barbara,
Lo» Angeles, Demlng. El Pa*o. M
St.LonIs, New Orleans, NewTork 9.10a--
B.4SpPaJaro. WatsonrHle. Capitol a. '
BaaU Cmz. CwtroTlKe, D o i ' •
Monte. Pacific Oro-r* 10.SO ~
16.15* **m Mateo, Beresfor4.Belmemt.8aa , -
Carlos. Redwood. Fair -Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tfi.48A ~
1 6 30pSta Jose and War Station*. S-38V
I 8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Sutlons....... 10.15a
11 .3flp South San Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bur-
: Ungame. San Mateo, BelmonC,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto tS «s«
«1130PUayneld. Mountain View. Sonny- --
?ale, Lawrence. SuU Clara and - .
8anJoae «9.43> "
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. •*'
18an«ay exceptwt tBnndayonly
a Saturday only. •> Monday oary.
J Stops at all stations on Sunday, , ",-/.-
CALIfORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. t
Tiburoa Perry— root of Markat Street. ¦:. .
SAN 7BANCISCO TO SAH BAPAEl. ?
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. «:3O p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip -
at 11:30 p. m. • - • *•
Saturdays — Extra trip at l:3O and 11:30 p. m..*I
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:3O. ll:0O a. m.; l:3O, 3:3O. _
5:00. 6:20. U:3Od. m. • , -
SAN aAPAEIi TO SAJT 7SANCZSCO.
WEEK DAT&— 6:05, 7:35, 7:50, 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m. •
Saturdays — Extra trio at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m. --¦.
SUXDAYS— 8:0O. 9:4O. 11:13 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40^--
4:05. 8:06. «:25 p. m. "^J
Leave I In Fffpct I Arrtva
San Francisco. (Oct. 2. 1004. | San Franclaeo.
Week I Sun- I . j Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Destination. | days. | Days,
7:30am 8:00am 9:10am[ 8:40am :
9:30am Ignacto 10:40am 10:20am % ?>
3:3Opm 3:30pm R:0f>pm tt:20pnT'.-
6:10pm 3:0Opm 7:32pm ,„'
. 7:30am . - . 9:10ajn| «:4Oam J .,
8:00am Novato 10:4Oam IO:2Oain •'-"**
3:30pm 9:30am PetaJuma 6:05pm 6:S0pra
'6:10pm 3:30pm and 7:35pm
5:00pm Santa Rosa.
7:30am " 10:40am 10 :20am &f
8:00am Fulton 7:35pm 6:20pni ';¦-
8 :3Opm 3 :3opm . J c?
Windsor
7:30am 8:00am Healdsburs 10:40am 10:30am.* f T
Lytton .j»
8:30pm 3:30pm Geyaerville 7:33pm «:20pmX
- Cloverdale
7:3r>am| 8:00am| Hopland - 1 10 :44am 1 10: 20am .^
, 3:30pm| 3:3Oj>mr and Ukiab-| 7:33ptn| «:2Opm i
" r ~ r7: I ~ I WlUlta and I •"/'•^l V>
7:3Oam|. 8:00am| Sherwood |'7^5pm[ 6:20pm ft
7:30am 8:00am| [10 r4O«n1V> :20am .^
3:30pm 3:3i>pm| GuernevUle | X:35pm :«:20pm ft
7:3Oam| &;n0wnl Sonoma ,1 8:lOaro| &:40am •*
* B:10pm| 5-QOpgil Glan Ellen. | a:0»pm|..«:20pni 4V
7:3Oam| 8:00am| ," ' *, .', " |10:4"0am|lO:2Oam *?
S:30pm| 3:3Opmj Sebastopol".} 7:33pm| g:2Oprq?y
STAGES connect at Grtra - Braev °- for San %*
Qnentln; at Santa Rosa forvWnit%' Sulphur .-
Springs and Mark West Spring*: at Lytton for Jf
Lytton tarings; . at Geyserville for Skaggs J&
Springs: at Clovertiale for'.tbe Geysers, Boone- -\
•vine and Greenwood: at .MoOland for Duncaa ji
Springs. Highland SpVin^s. Kels*yvllle. Ckrls- J
bad Spring*; •* Soda- iBay. J Lakepo^t, Bartlett 9
Springs and Lake Co. lint Springs; at Ukiah |J.
, for Vichy r SprmgSi iSpdrngs. Blue *j
Lakes, Laorrt Deir Lake, .Witter sWmjgs, Up- ji,
per Lake, Pomo.-' Potter' Valley, John, pay's. **
Riverside.'.- Ll«rry'«. Bnckn#!l's. .Sanhedriri €7
Heights, 'HiUMlIe. « Orr's 1 Hot Sprlnga, • Halfway .*;
House, . Comptche. Jlopkirr*. Men.toclno City, a
Fort Bragg. Westport and Vsal; at WlUita
for Hearst and Sawyers ; at Sherwood for Fort '"
Bragg. Cahto. Covelo, , Laytonville, Cum- if*
znlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris. Hubbard, Fruit- t*
land. Dyer. Garbervllle, Camp 5, Pepperwood, «
Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re- "
duced rates. '•«. fr
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points /»
beyond San Rafael at half rated.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, ChronlclaJ^
"jAS^L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. q
Mt. TamaLpais Railway!
IVtwr* Tia fassalU* Vtrrrl AtiIt* . . f>
8an Frandaoo fast sf Ear tst ft, San Frmn«tws) . >
W«sk I S*JT~ - »on-. W««k
Days, dayt. /»WW&W _**!!_ ' O
rrrTTIoT iM57^fc4Ti 9
10:00a iBnSBsV 2:O6r »1trt»A. a
i0rOOAi1:0OA \&QsCtf«T . 3:38 r 3:38 r ¦,
a:l»r 1;*Sf «:'»* I0:0« 1 J
"..:./... '4«35»i- ; . : '~ • • MQnM.^i^'®
•Via traitty fcr. J ' tamifd* to IP fsilit. ?*
Ticxrt (6JS Maskit dr. CSttiix Shon ft*Hro#il $
Omcu ]aBdiU0sXUZoFxMT,I«o«K«tK|% .1
i •- —ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 THE DISEASE
OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.'
NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE FIRST GLASS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR
I (FULL NAME.)
| IF. YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
I HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
I BE IMPOSED UPON.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
g CALIFORNIA If
iLIMITED TO CHICACOH
B LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS ¦
Eg! at O:.1O a. m., ttxroug-h in 3 d *7>.Sf
H-witn diner and all trappings. fjj\
¦ Oth ar Santa Pe Trainii
fl-ao LS'l tOT Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p.m.} . Merced. Hairford and VIgalla.
4 :00 pu m. for Stockton. -'
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and :
- Chlcaeo. . . '¦• '
TICKET OrPICES— €41 Market St. and
- rerry Depot, S. P. AJ.no 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cak a? South Pint St,
Ban Jo««. . -
¦ ;To SAN RAFAEL
ross valley;
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.;
Via SaiuiaUto Perry i
SUBURBAN BERV1CE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Franciaco, week daya, at
4-80, 7:10. 7:45, 8:30, 8:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m/
(11:40 a, m. Sausalito only), 13:20, 1:45, 3:15.
VOO 4:35. 5:15. 5:60. 8:25. 7:15. 0:00. 10:20*
li-zh p. ni. Sundays and legal holidays deDaxt
»r'7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:16. 10:00. 11:00. 11T40
a?m./12:20 t 1:00, i:45, 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:35
6:15, 6:60. &:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20 U:55
-ArrlTe »t San Francigco. week days. 6:17
7:00 T:M. 8:15. 8:45 0:35, 10:20. 11:00 a; i
12:05. 1:25. 2:50. 8:35, 4:20, 5:05. 5:40 613!
6:65, 7:55.- 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays an*
legal holiday » extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2oe
»:50 p. m. iiaBirrii<yaBii.jinnuii.x :
•For Fairfax, week daja, depart at 7:45 a. m.
8:15 p. m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:45, 8:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:00. I .-15
f"l v :<-;'¦ - THROUGH TRAINS.
.7:45 a. m. dally — Caxadero and itay atatlona
. 9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Rcyea'
etc. : i ""
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Cax»-'
dero, etc. •¦¦' • . F*t'***etwimTm4
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero, etc.
•TICKET OFFICE^-626, Market at. .. ..
-. ; yERRY— Union Depot, ( foot . of Market at. - •'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses' quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears'.
Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but
not the living skin. It is
Pears'.
Economical, soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
Established over ioo years.
Developing r|
& Printing g98||
atCUT p B!CESjl
You Tvill surely dZ&fssSsiEk
like my work — **SsT'I^K^
others do. I 5=av«
you money, time -
and good nature because I am con-
veniently equipped for this business.
DEVELOPING:
Boll of « 10c|Roll of 12 150
FRXXTTXH'G:
Solio finish.. 3e-5o | Velox finish.. 3c-6o
DAYI.IG*rT LOADING rilMS-
All popular sizes. Popular prices.
CTXO FKOTO PAPER— Best on
the market. '
AICSCO CAttEKAS — Are high-grade
and dependable. S5.OO up.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
P. W. PITTS. The Stationer. -
1008 KASKET STREET. OPD. Tilth,
• €AN FRANCISCO.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, OCTOBER., 4, 1904.
12
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR -YOU.
Hundreds are lifted from bad health, bad
luck, - love, domestic and business troubles,
by the aid and advice of the popular clair-
voyant,
__ „ PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
,., Palmist ever In San Francisco.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
iiead Carefully An Honest Proposition.
.. ,„ (You to be full Judge.)
r»o Charge _ No Charge
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult him.
I ho hereby solemnly agree to guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
band, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength in mental and bodily vigor,
and luck that insures success in business,
mining and speculation: I implant controlling
power In your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause mar-
riage with the one of choice; 10 a. m. to 9
P- m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St.— 326.
A— PROF. MAYO,
The Greatest Living Adviser on the
, Continent. .
Special this week full-life readings. $1; satis-
faction guaranteed or no fee accepted. At a
rlance, before you have a chance to utter oho
word, he will tell you what you came for: give
names, dates, facts and figures; he tells you
every wish of your life; how to gain success in
love, courtship, marriage and divorce; whether
you will be successful in business affairs; in
fact, no matter what may be your fear, hope or
ambition, call on this gifted man and find re-
lief. His descriptions, of 'your 'friends and
enemies are as real as' though they stood be- 1
fore you. He will send you away happier,
wiser and bolder than before. He tells you
everything— good or bad; you hear the truth
tnd nothing but the truth.
All business confidential.
- 421 Ellis st.
Hours, 10 a, ro. to 8 p. m., daily and Sunday.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. . Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 25c.
gents 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents 50c. 051 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 612% Eddy St.; no sign..
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. !
BPrRITT7AI.ISM.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St. Kath-
ryn, 480 Ellis st., corner Leavenworth*, room
221: no signs. '
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; readings daily. 610 McAllister St.
MRS. LESTER— Circle; 8 p. m.; 10c; readings
daily. 43 Sixth st.
DEAD trance medium: genuine, unique, suc-
cessful. 325 Ellis st. ¦»
C.MAYO STEERS ;phychic readings by mall $1.
356S 17th at., San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
CABPEJ^BEATING AOT> CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.:
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1800 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st>— Flrst-clasa
carpet, cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses mp.ie over. ;1432 .Howard;tel. South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLU5I HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old places made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: flUings.25c.
GOLD filling*. 75c; sliver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
painjopen Sundays. DrA.C.Hewltt, 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary
st. to ccr. Sutter and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tis>te. Dr. Perkins. Mjcr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTKESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
FINKELSTEIN, 410 Ellis — Ladles' tailor suits
to order; on installm'ts if desired; reas: call.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art'a button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
EDUCATIONAL. '
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
st., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; flnest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
¦ ments for students than all . other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R.- AYERS. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
CALIFORNIA School Elocution and Oratory..
Physical Culture — Dramatic readings, mono-
logues, .lay and .evening; class x or private.
Association bids., Mason and Ellis. .
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEOE.1435 M*r-
.ket, guarantees positions, to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev.; est." 1864; Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short 6tory writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon.', Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.,
333 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonable.
A MOVE to larce, sunny quarters, top floor
Majestic building. 1281 Market st. Western
Business College. - , . .
BOOKKEEPING. Ems., math., etc.;. day and
• eve.; Individual -lnstr. 305 Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. ' Bus. ' Col.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
. ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. : 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent- teacher of piano;
beginners & adults; 50c. 2395 -Mission, cor.20.
KENT Law School, day-and-night; send for
particulars. 636 Parrott building. ..
GL'ITAR. mandolin and piano,' $3 -per mo.;
• mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Halght at.'
ADULT and 1 Juvenile , classes now ; open. ¦ Hln-
: man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. Q. Barrett. - 232 I Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- —Day - and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman ' Business College, 345 Halght;
individual, inst rue. ; all branches; day, . eve!
CALIFORNIA , Business College." ¦ 925 Golden
Gate ave.;.S. F.: 75-page- catalog on request.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city, or country
8. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. ;Tel.: James 6261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
• general help." "N ATIONAL.V .: 500 Hearst bid.'
A-^ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— .Tapane*e-
;-.; Chinese help. ¦ 426 Powell St.; tel. "Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton;
x>,s«st help. .Fritz. Tamagakl.mgr..tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE ''Japanese-Chinese I Employment Of-
,V= fleer all kinds help. : 815 Stockton;: Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab J 20 years.
Tel. Main. 1997. BRADLEY; & CO./640 Clay.^
ASTHMA CTTRE.
DI KOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c, 25c, 60c 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
also Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
BOARDING FOB CHILDREN.
A TRAINED nurse and experienced midwife
wishes children to board; terms reasonable.
Box 2238. Call offlce.
CXOTHHTO gENOVATHTQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phor.e Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
coMEOTiog ornczs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery si. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 55S0.
BPSIWESS I CHANCES^
NO TRIFLBRS NEED TO APPLY.
IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
Department store; dry goods, clothing and
carpets; business established 35 years and
known as one of the best paying mercantile
establishments across the bay; stock will in-
voice to about $35,000; owner to retire; will
accept }i cash, balanoe on flrst-class security.
A — $2?00; CORNER bakery and confectionery,
Ice-cream parlor, etc; 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50; one of the best of its kind of busi-
ness in th* city. See R. G. WILKE. 26tf
Kearny St.
' ¦
A — $2000: CORNER grocery and bar, with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion St.; place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — $500; CANDY, ice cream and tamale par-
lor on Devisadero st. and 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $25; a bargain; owner sacrifices,
as he must leave the city. CaU R. G.
WILKE. 20^6 Kearny st. -
A — $6TiOO; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26^Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000: one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>S Kearny St.
A — $1600; cigar stand, corner, choicest and best
location in this city; rent $40; large stock of
leading brands; will nearly invoice the price.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with flret-dacs paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
negg. See R. G. WILKE. 26^j Kearny st.
A — $1500; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; close
to 4 theaters; rent $100; well established
business; full value in sight; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $6500; LIVERY and boarding staUe across
the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacks, 1 coupe. 18 bug-
gies, harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first -class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2CH
Kearny st.
A— $2500; SUMMER and winter resort across
the bay; beautiful beer garden; house of 20
rooms; 2 bars, pavilion 102x50 feet, merry-
go-round, etc.; lease 4 years; rent $50; pa-
vUlcn sublet every month for $100; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A — $650: CORNER saloon, with 5 years" lease;
very best loeatien and a good paying busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— f 1000; BAKERY; best location in the Mis-
sion; rent $45; all store trade; baking IVi
barrels per day; 4 years' lease; 6 living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $900; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
28% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery: 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A — $1800; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the best lo-
cations in this city; rare chance. See R- G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
A— $2600: HOTEL in Ssn Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
Ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5- year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
flrst-class paying buslnees. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $500; CORNER saloon In wholesale district ;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
F. A. BARR. MGR..
SUITE 807 and 808, CALL BUILDING.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can be Increased to $15,000 monthly by
investing a few thousand dollars In additional
machinery.
Be«t reasons for selllnsr.
THIS OPPORTUNITY CA.VXOT BB DU-
PLICATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED. BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO.,
Suite 807 and 808 CaU Building.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or t ell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
ROOMING-HOUSE of 40 rooms, well fur-
nished, doing an excellent business; furni-
ture and lease for sale; good reasons for
selling. Apply quick to J. A. BONHAM &
SON. Reno, Nev.
PLANING mill at Sparks, the growing rall-
road town; does business of $3000 per month-
real estate, bulldinr machinery and good
will for sale; rare chance for right parties.
Write to J. A. BONHAM & SON. Reno
Nev.
FOR sale — "Snap" for a dentist If taken at
once; well established practice; good in-
come; fully equipped offlce; five completely
furnished rooms for housekeeping, adjoining
offlce, which can be used for dentistry. If
destred; private entrance: party going away.
Address 1353 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$4000— MERCANTILE business in big payroll
town. Northern California; clothing, furnish-
ing goods, shoes, etc."; pays about $3000 year;
owner has large estate here to attend to;
rare opportunity. Particulars of ROTH-
ERMEL & CO.. 507 California St. -
WANTED— Hustler with ability to sell candy
on salary: $15 to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under California laws.
Apply immediately, KELLER CANDY CO.,
4<i Seventh st., Oakland ;branch San Francisco
THE real estate businets of FRANK P. LEE
located at 911 Broadway. . bet. 8th and 9th
sts., Oakland, together with full offlce equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc..
Is fcr sale. Any one Interested will kindly
i. call at above address for further particulars.
1 FOR sale— Eighth Interest In .:¦ new . steam
schooner; oil burner: one of the best boats
on the coast: is paying 15 per cent net. For
Si rt ;i C £ larB Iul<lreM MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELD. Redwood City, CaL ». r
ENERGETIC party with $500. willing to work
can secure working Interest In staple manu-
facturing business; $25 s week; lnslue work"
oversee help, make shipments etc. • refer-
ences. 247 Fifth at. . . -"- .
INVEST your money in safe, legitimate bust-
ness enterprise; big returns; no mining or
get-rich-quick scheme; legitimate and hon-
. est; 1 write for ' particulars. •- FREDERICK
SOUND PACKING CO.. 436 Crossley bldgT
BARBER SHOP— 2 chairs, bath, complete flx-
tures worth $200; $8 rent, lease, insurance
all for $150; trade O. K. See PATTERSON*
873 Market st. '
RESTAURANT-^-CnoIce ' location • and ' clearing
-i$175'per. month; will be sold at a sacrifice
on account of 1 departure; trial : and terms
jrlven. Particulars address box 2326, CalL -
FPTP^OTaCBHT ' "WAST£J>— stills. -Con.
COLLECTOR — Situation wanted ay a man of
several years* experience; wul furnish best
of reference and bond If necessary. Address
1 , box 2232, Call of floe.
WATCHMAN'— Day or night: situation waatecj
in city or country by a sober and reliab>
roan; can furnish best of reference and bcai
If necessary. Box 2331. CaU offlce.
YOUNG man wishes 4 or 5 hours' employmenr
after 7 p. m. ; not afraid to work. Box 222a,
CaU office.
GARDENER, single, mldle-aged. life experi-
ence in greenhouse work, wants situation.
C. B.. box 2227. Call office.
HOTEX. clerk — Situation ¦wanted in city or
courtrv by an experienced man; will furnish
best cf references. Address box 2330. Call.
A GOOD barber wants steady work: city cr
country; state wages. Box 2329. Call Offlce.
WANTED — By a reliable married man a po-
sition as working foreman on a stock, grain
or fruit ranch: wife wiU 000k for a few men;
understand stock and ranch work In all its
branches; thoroughly capable of taking full
charge. Address box 2318. Cal lofflce.
BOOKKEEPER wants set of books that will
take about 2 or 3 hours each day; or would
take large set and give full time; has good
references. Address Bookkeeper. 407 Thlr-
tleth st. -
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detailer. IS years' experlenca mining
power plants, factories, wants, work. Box
1900. Call offlce.
GARDENER; life experience in greenhouse
and landscape work; able to take charge of
big place: wishes a situation; good refer-
ences. Address A. W.. . box 2345, Call of flee.
SOBER, steady and industrious young Swsdlsh
man wishes position as watchman or all
around man in wholesale house or freight
house. Address F. MOOR. 11S3 Harrison st.
A STEADY and sober man wants position in,
wholesale liquor house to deliver goods and
take orders, or solicit; • good references. Ad-
dress 723 York st. ¦- .
MIDDLE- AGED man. German, At gardener
In all its branches; sober and willing: abl»
to take charge of gentleman's place: wife a
good cook: only 2 In family. Box 2014. Call.
MAN and wife. . young, want positions with,
good family; man experienced coachman.
. wife a good cook; $60; nrst-class references.
Box 2139. Call office.
GERMAN butcher wishes situation In meat
market, pork or delicatessen store. C.
EBERHARD. 287 San Jose ave.
AN intelligent Japanese wishes a position to
wait on table In morning and evening. Ad-
dress 1727 Green st.
CHAUFFEUR, reliable and steady, wants posi-
tion driving private automobile; also to ear*
for same. Box 2338, CaU offlce.
MAN and wife wish work, man as coachman
or garderer: wife good cook or do house-
work; both wait on table. Box 2381. Call.
A RELIABLE yoimj; man of 24 desires a good
permanent situation; can furnish best of
references. Box 2293. Call.
EXPERIENCED moving picture and stereop-
tlcon operator; expert electrician; best of city
references. Box 2208. CaU offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS baker on cake and bread de-
sires a situation in country; state wages.
Box 227S. Call offlce.
SMALL contracts, general Jobbing, by a com-
patent carpenter; cottages especially. A, M..
3475 Nineteenth St.. city.
YOUNG man desires position In any kind of
store with small wages for 'while till learn
the business. Addrens 315 Fourth st.
A YOUNG man desires position in any kind of
store with small wages to start; well edu-
cated. Address 315 Fourth st.
CHINESE cook, long experience, wishes posi-
tion in private family as cook: wages not
below $40; references; satisfaction. Call S.
L. L.. 761 Clay st.
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman; references. Address I. B-, 753
Folsom at.
GENTLEMAN nurss would liko ears of in-
. valid; best references. Box 1414. Call offlce.
Oakland. -
STATIONARY engineer wants employment;
good references. Box 2368. Call offlce.
COMPETENT shipping clerk desires a posi-
tion; 12 years experience. Box 2314, Call.
JAPANESE good cook wants a position ia
small family; wages $6 up. 627 V, California.
JAPANESE boy wants half-day work In fam-
ily. K. NUMA. 405 Poet st. ; wages $3 week.
CHINESE cook, long experience, wishes posi-
tion in private family as cook; wages not
below $40; references; satisfaction. Call
S. L. L.. 761 Clay st.
CHINESE desires position as cook In prtvat»
family. CHONG WING. 902 Clay st.
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position. Ad-
dress JIM. 717 Commercial street.
A CHINESE good cook wants position ia a
family. SAM. 21 Brenham place.
FAITHFITL Japanese boy wishes a position t»
do housework or kitchen help In small fam-
ily: small wages. T. ITOW. 514 Pine St.
JAPANESE good boy wishes situation as a
schoolboy. G. YAGI. 1336 California St.
JAPANESE boy wants a position at housework.
3C9 Clement st.
A JAPANESE boy wishes housework In nice
family. S. M., 533 16th St.. Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
in small family. J. K.. "10 Washington st.
JAPANESE couple want steady position in
nice family; country preferred: man to cock,
wife general housework. Y. S.. cars Dr.
Utsuml. 953 Webster St.. Oakland.
JAPANESE boy wants position as school boy.
Address 703 Larkin St.; tel. 37S2 Polk.
riiATS TO LIT.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furnlturo Co.. 245-230 Geary
St.. en the square.
TO let — New' middle flat, on the east side of
Stelner «t.. 1030. between Golden Gate av?.
and McAllister st.. containing 8 rooms and
bath; rent $45 per mo.; water free; owner
on premises from 1 to 3 p. ra.
NINETEENTH. NW. cor. Noe. block to
Eighteenth or Castro cars; lovely lower flat;
sun all day: modern; 4 rooms: large store
room; garden; $22 50; water free.
CALL and see the new flats at 400-402-404 Lo-
cust st.. near Sacramento; 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; rent reduced. Apply MADISON A
BURKE. ~ "; .,
A— SIXTH ave.. 757 — Upper sunny flat; i
rooms; Golden Gate Park all nisht cars.
SPECK «l CO.. 200 Montgomery.
EDDY. 1349— Upper bay-window flat. 7 rooms
and bath; $32 50; house newly painted; watet
free. .
$16— LOWER sunny S-roomed flat, oath; yard
basement; .25 Lloyd st.. bet. Scott and Da-
vlsadero. Waller and Duboce.
GEARY, 1028. bet. Polk and Van Ness— Ele-
gant new middle flat: 8 rooms and «: must
be seen to be appreciated; rent reasonable.
MISSION, near Twentieth— Strictly up-to-dats
flats: bays front, sides and rear; 7 rooms"
rent $35. Apply 128 Chattanooga st.
$22 50— LOVELY flat; 5 rooms; all modern and
sunny: yard and cellar; grand view; water
free. 730 Dolores st.. cor. Liberty.
$25— LOVELY flat: 6 rooms: all modern and
sunny; yard and cellar: grand view; water
free. 734 Dolores st.. cor. Liberty.
$30-^LOVELY flat: 7 rooms: all modern and
sunny; water and hall gas free. 874A Valen-
cla st.. near Twentieth.
BARGAIN— Leaving city; furbished flat of 4
¦¦srarfejss: »****»* «•• ***. .»»».
11 **^ "• B^tl ***• *— O»T »°W«*
$22 50 roomi: Eddy-st. car one block;
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath: par-
Larkuf,^* OT th6 EMt - A PP«y. aai G^W
C^ N J^t L ; modern flats: 5 rooms, bath. tOU
. and 1030. Sacramento at., ahoy? PowclL
CAPP.* 887, near Twenty-fourth— Modern &
room house; bath;'sun all dajT
EKPIOYMiyT WAWTCT— rCTALB.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman,
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress: guaran-
tee catisf action: $1 25 and carfare. 183
Fourth St., first flight, room 24.
SECOND girl, with best references, wants a
place in city or country": young, strong and
capable. Call at 425 Sutter st.. or phone
Main 3472. "
A YOUNG colored girl would like position as
typewriter, copyist, bookkeeper, general of-
flce work; 'would accept small wages. Box
. 1420. Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG girl wants to do light housework in
an American family: references. Address
1911 Ninth St.. West Berkeley.
A NEAT middle-aged lady wishes a position as
housekeeper: no objection, to the country.
Box 2241. Call . offlce.
SITUATION wanted by German lady to do
chamberwork In a lodzing-house. 300.$
Twentieth st. - , kx
A RESPECTABLE woman • wants position to
do general housework; no postals. 2503 ;
Bush st.
RELIABLE woman for cooking and down-
stairs work; carfare expected. 625 Jessie at.,
near Seventh.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place in family as
good cook; has the highest city references.
117 Jersey st., near Church.
GERMAN lady wants to go out, nursing: chil-
dren especially. Address MRS. SABT, 369
First St.. corner Harrison.
GIRL for general housework and assist In
cooking. Call 1923A FlUmore st.
AN experienced labeler in wholesale house
wishes position. Box 2240, Call office.
REFINED woman (good cook) and daughter
want home- near school; reasonable wages;
references; no fakers. 934 Folsom st., near
Sixth-
STEADY, competent person wishes a position
to do general housework in small family:
wages >20. 130 Page, bet. Cough and Octavla.
WISH a position as cook in a private' family.
Call 2023 Fillmore it.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a position
for second work. Please call 628 Harrison
St., near First. •
DRESSMAKER, experienced, good cutter and
fitter, would like a few more engagements
by the day; terms reasonable. Box 2155, Call.
GOOD washer and ironer wants a few- more
engagements by the day or half day; good
references given. Box 2138, CaU offlce.
RESPECTFUL Finnish girl would like sltua-
tlon in American family: is a good cook;
wages $30 and over. ! Please call at 13 Hope-
ton terrace, bet. Powell and Stockton sta.,
off Washington.
DRESSMAKER — Coats and ladles' tailored
suits, evening gowns; cutter and fitter; only
first- class work done; work done at home;
engagements per day or week; no sign.
MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 23 Eighth.
WANTED — By a competent woman position as
manager or housekeeper in private family,
lodging or apartment house, or charge of a
dining-room. Phone Jessie 4921. 10 to 12 m.,
or 2 to 4:30 p.m.; references.
YOUNG German woman with child 3 years
old wishes situation as housekeeper; best
reference. Address or call at 45 South Sixth
et. a San . Jose. Cal.. MRS. HELENA
SCHMIDT.
A CHANCE — Capable, experienced stenograph-
er; centrally located; who has spare time,
would like some outside work: copying or
dictated: owns machine; charges reasonable.
Box 1859. Call offlce.
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do
general ' housework in a small family; first-
class references. Box 2075, Call offlce.
NEAT colored English woman wishes house-
work in a first-class family; good cook. Box
15SS. Call offlce.: tel. Folsom 2T98.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper, stenog-
rapher or cashier by young lady with expe-
rlence. Address M. H.. box 2141. Call offlce.
LADY bookkeeper and stenographer' wants po-
sition; have had six years' experience: can
furnish references. Box 2203. Call offlce. "
YOUNG lady (German), plays piano, desires
position as governess or companion. Box 90,
CaU offlce.
A GIRL wants situation to do second work or
general housework; city references. 2014
Fillmore st.
DRESSMAKING in families; ladles' tatlor-
. made suits and evening dresses; only first-
class work done. 1237 'Webster St.
A YOUNG lady manicurist would like a posi-
tion in a first-class barber shop. Box 2354,
Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
house cleaning; $1 50 and carfare. CaU or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
YOUNG 1 lady wishes place to assist children's
studies. 417 Van Ness ave.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper: no cb-
jjection to country. 14 Le Roy place.
SMALL' girl would take care' of baby. Apply
' 465B Minna st.
YOUNG woman would like to do light house-
work. Apply 20 Washington ave.
POSITION as waitress. Apply 27 Clara st.
A YOUNG German woman would like to do
housework. Box 2078. Call offlce.
GOOD, reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper. Box 1590. CaU offlce.
EXPERIENCED typewriter and stenographer
desires position. Box 2126, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by first-clans German
cook for private parties. Box 2357. CaU.
A FRENCH laundress wishes laundering to do
at home; open air dry- Phone Page 7931.
LADY with a boy. age 15. wishes work in
country- Address box 2340. Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes washing
- and mending. Phone, Page 7931.
GIRL wishes : osltlon as maker In millinery;
$3 B0 to $4 a week. Address box 2152. CaU.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaU Branch offlce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
CaU at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOTMEWT WAgTEB— MALE.
STEWARD
With flrst-class Eastern references
Wants a position, city or country.
Hotel or restaurant.
Box 2132. Call offlce.
AX experienced farmer In all branches, grain,
orchards, vines, vegetables for truck or can-
neries, cattle and hog raising; "will improve
new lands: wou** take charge of or on
. shares. Address Foreman, 165 Tehama st.
ENGINEER — A practical stationary engineer
of 15 years" experience, any style of engine,
would take job at anything, engine-room or
bolter- room; all around, man: satisfaction
guaranteed. Box 224S. Call offlce.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by reliable man; understands garden-
ing, care of horses and milking; good refer-
encas. Box 2233. CaU office. .
PAPERHANGER, first class, wants private •
work or for decorators; city or country. Box
2236, CaU offlce. - 4 :
TAILORS, attention — A cutter of exceptional
experience and ability seeks engagement.
Box 223D. CaU office.
YOUNG American, strong, healthy and willing
to ¦ work, desires ' position, city or country.
Box 2242. CaU offlce. i .
OCULIST f. from East of considerable expert-
1 ence desires position with optician. DR.
PHILLIPS. 204 Oregonian bldg.. Portland, Or.
TRAVELING salesman wants line to handle
¦ ¦ ¦ in '- Oregon • and • Washington • en com mis.* m
basis; grocery, trade preferred. Box 2245. CaU.
YOUNG man, student, wants work nights and
'mornings for room and board. L. C. R., box
2244, Call offlce. .
FIRST-CLASS, * all around machinist : desires
¦ situation - on any kind of machinery. Box
2247. -Call offlce. .
YOUNG> man would like to learn shoe repair-
ing. Box 1797, Call offlce.
BOY 14 years old would like position In an of-
flce; good references. ; Box J2234. . Call office.
A- GOOD barber wants steady work ; city. . or
, country: ; state wages. Box 2320, CaU offlce.
.\VANTED7-P08ltl0h to milk' cows, tend horses
:~ or take care 'of ' place; references. " Address
V GEORGE ; WOLLAP.'_ Dominican Sisters.
. - Twenty-fourth, and * Guerrero ; stsi .
HEAD waiter; 6. years' experience in Eastern
hotels; best references. 1 - 'Box 2325, Call offlc*;
THE jj|f CALL
JOHN P. SPKECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHX McXAUGHT Manager
\V. J. MARTI X Bnsiness Manager
TELEPHONE.
A«k for THE CALL. The Operator Win Con-
nect You Wlta the Department You Wish.
Publication Offlce Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 CU. Per .v^?**. 75
Co*. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cti.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Casn witn
Order): «o rw»
DAILY CALL (Icc!ud. Sunday). lI Mr -%
DAILY CALL unclud Sunday). « mos... 4.w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 'gg
EUNDAY CALL, 1 Year r<S{
WEEKLY CALL. I Tear ...
FOREIGN /^'aay !i5 Tel Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ $££& J;55 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AU T "P M " ED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eatcple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. , .
Mail subscribers In ordering eb"** "U,?^
<rees should be particular to give both £? V L
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure *
prompt asd correct compliance wlta tneir n-
«uest.
OAKLAND OFFTCEt
ICie Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELET OFTICE:
21C8 Center Street Telephone NortB Tl
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STAXDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A- Br 6 ?.^ 1 "!' li
rcion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
fiotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Rheraan House; P. O. News Co-],, 0 ""
Northern Hotel: Tremoct House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House. •
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGXESS. Marquette Building.
CLor.c Distance Telephone. ••Central 2619. J
ICETT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. EMITH....30 Tribune Bulldlnf
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the 6an Frandsoo Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every nUrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
2008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p- rn.
£27 McttgoineiT street, corner day; opea until
8:30 p. m.
SOo Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
CX9 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m>
Clfi Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
11*41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh Btreet: open until 9 p. m.
1CD6 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
Kortheaft corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
52«X) Fillmore street: open until 9 p.m.
agEETIKO ZTOTICES.
ASYLUM OF GOLDEN GATE Com- <_*_<,
mandery No. 16. K. T.. C25 gutter st. j"Tj
Officers and members are hereby no- |ffj
tified to assemble in full uniform at
the asylum TO-DAY at 1:30 o'clock,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late fmter. Pir JAMES DAVID MAX-
WELL. THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 5. R. A. 9
M.. will ni*et THIS <TL'ESI>AY) 'VV
EVENING. October 4, at 7:30 o'clock.
Stated tneetinr and R. A. degree. By
©nW cf the H. P.
FP.ANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodfe.No. 30. F. and «
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES-WSf
DATl EVENING, at 7:3<> o'clock. />f\
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lqdge. No. 144. F. and O
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS <TUES- W
I'AY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. /V\
HENRY E. PENNELL. W. M.
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec.
HORSE Lod«e No. 257. I.O.O.F.—
Officers ar i members of this^j*5«gT**fe.
)<¦(.£*- ar* hereby nptlfiM to as--s*«'»J5<2?*£
6*rr.bk In th*> hall on WEDNES- "^m^
DAY. Octcber .'., at l:S0 p. m. sharp, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. A. J.
BAILEY. GEO. F. McMANUS, N. G.
C. BRIND, Rec. Sec.
IVANHOE LorUe No. 5. K. o fP.. Jpf»
will confer the Kr.leht Rank (long \a^j&jf
form) WEDNESDAY. October 5. TOW?*
190*. at Pythian Hall. 220 Golden J3g>?
Gate avenue, st 8:30 p. m. Mem- * c^ v
bers of sister lodxes cordially Invited.
* R. W. BANKS, C. C.
O. NQRCROSS. K. cf R. and S.
JCOTICE to hotel-keeper* of San Francisco —
The Hotel-keepers' Association has a. mem-
bership of 50 at present; the next regular
meeting will be held at Hlbernia Hall, 120
Ninth St., on Oct. 6, 1004, 8 p. m. ; all who
are not members are invited to attend this
meeting. Committee on press. Win. Boyle,
Michael McGrath. James Roddy, John Reidy.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from E. J. Gordon and P. McEIroy, In
Meswr Mine, near Mountain House, Plumas
County, Cal.. draining Into Spanish Creek,
which reach*-* Feather River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room 96, Flood building San
Francisco. Cal.. October 17. 1904, at 1 :3& p.m.
STOCKHOLDERS" meeting. — Notice Is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders cf the Bank of California will be held
at the brnklne-house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October 11, 1904, at 11 o'clock a, m.
By crfier cf the Board of Directors
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The 'Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to any address In th«
United State? or Canada one year for SI.
E ?^?J5 rAIirTE1> '
HOLIDAY books; samples ready; best Tines"-
all publishers; best line of subscription
book*; best terms; agents and canvasser*
wanted every county and town. THE J
DEWING CO.. Flood building. S. F.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
tnent Company, Parrott building.
AGENTS wanted to sell an article that every
family needs; f>0 per cent profit- Call 230
Grant ave.. upFtairs.
FIRST-CLASS solicitors can make big money-
new line; legitimate. Room 409, Grant bldg.'
AGENTS wanted on cood proposition. 468
Parrott building: hours 10 to 4.
INKLESS fountain pens; sample 15c: 'dozen
| tl SO: retails 25o. FIELD CO.. 118 Bnah Bt7
ATTOBgETS-AT-I.AW.
tt. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
«th noor; entrance room 611; established 1*0
years: all courts, teneral court and of nee
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick: no pay In advance;
mining companies organized; patents obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market El; estab. 22 yrs!
AAA — DIVORCE costs. J12: quick, quiet.
Advice free: all law bueinoss.
No charre unless successful.
1005 Market St.. cor. Seventh, room 419.
AA — Divorce; costs $12; quick,quiet;advice free-
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful: open evenings. 027 Market St.. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs S12; no fees or
- coets in advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 619 Market St.. r. 33.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; quick, quiet";
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful: cpen evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
W.Matthews, C22 Market st.; consultation free;
private and confidential: no advance lees;
collections, mechanics' liens, tenants ejected.
ADVICE free: dlx-orce costs $12; quick quiet-
no fees In advance; all , law business Even-
ings. 7 to 8. r. 463 Parrott bldg.. S55 Market.
PATENTS. American and foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine St.. 6th floor.
L. 6. CLARK. 327 Market, room 804; consuItaZ
tlon free; no fees in advance; open evenl ngs.
1 WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A TTTOMO BII.ES.
WANTED to bvy — An automobile In good
condition; state price asked. Box 1759, CalL
LOCOMOBILE. 10- horsepower: 2 seats: In
good rar.p'.ng order. CaU 473 Valencia at.
_ BIMS, DOGS, -ETC. ,
B^ T^3 ol2nt 5 Jn c" 3 **** & African gray par-
«*ts. Jtwt received. A. C RotUon, 335 Kearnr.
BUSHTESS CHA1TCES— Conttondd.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
' 3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 6-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
flshlng; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern: accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
<fe CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city In California: 50 stalls:
rent only $75 per mo.: well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes: long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
POR eale^ — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry.
Ice oream manufactory, .bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON
6 CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every. Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lumber and cement businesses in
S. F.: cheap rent; horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 per month; trial given if
desired; part down, balance on CAMERON
. & CO.
$550— GROCERY and delicacy store; dolnff a
nice business; clean line of goods, that will
inventory more than the asking price; lo-
cated In desirable part of the city; 3 nice
living rooms; Just the place for a lady, or
man and wife: this is an exceptional bar-
sain and must be seen to be appreciated.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 406. Examiner Bldg.,. San Francisco, Cal.
$325 — BRANCH bakery, candy and variety
store, with 4 elegantly furnished rooms; rent
reasonable; receipts average $S to $12 per
. day; must be sold at once; other business
cause of selling. 1108 Webster St., Oakland.
$50 WILL buy a splendid pooltable; also de-
livery wagon, $25. 110S Webster St., Oakland.
$2500 — FIRST-CLASS' paying saloon across the
bay; rheap rent; long lease; owner has other
business and cannot attend to same; trial
given. 1108 Webster St., cor 12th. Oakland.
$3500 — MILK dairy In nearby town, consisting
of 30 milking cows, 25 acres of pasture land,
hou.se of 6 fine rooms; this offer stands for a
thorough investigation. 1108 Webster St.,
Oakland.
$3500— CANDY, store with large factory and
ice cream parlors: principal street across the
hay; elegant fixtures: flnest trade; examine
into this offer; reasons will satisfy you why
sacrifice is made. 1108 Webster St.. Oakland.
MILLINERY store, new stock, rent $00... $1100
Cigar stand, Mascn st., rent $20 $100
Cigar stand, 7th St., rent low; sell at Invoice.
Drug store, across bay, rent $30 $2500
Saloon, Folsom, llv. rms.. well stocked. $1100
Saloon. O'Farrell St.. license, rent $90. .$1500
Restaurant, Third St.. well est., seats 58.S3CF0
Restaurant, 4th St.. rent $22 f>O; seats 4G.$325
Grocery and bar. llv. rms., rent $2f> $350
Bak. and Ice cream par., wagon route. .$2500
General store, B living moms, rent $25.. $000
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
1118 Market st.
$700 — PARTNER by an actress of experience
and ability with theatrical property worth at
least $S0OO at present; when the proposition
is started it will be worth at least ten times
as much; this estimate is based' on average
New York prices; the proposed enterprise is
strictly high class and legitimate. Box 1760,
Call office.
$600— Restaurant, north Market, near Kearny:
stands invea.; rent $60. BERG. 318 Kearny.
$150^ — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at snee. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
BOOK store with living rooms in rear; $1500
cash; value in sight; a splendid opportunity
Bex 1421. Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED — Young man to take an interest In
established cash business that will clear to
each $S0 per month; permanent place; cash
capital required. $250. 632 Market st., r. 6.
HOTEL and bar, $650, worth $1200; factory
dlst.; 1500 employed; 16 well fur. roms; can
accommodate 30; house full; rent $33; long
lease. HEDGES. 500 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Competent business man with abil-
ity and some money as director of substan-
tial company; ground-floor proposition. Box
2305. Call offlce.
$100— HONEST man partner in a good paying
business; can make $80 mo. 1130 Mrkt.. r. 2.
DELICATESSEN or small branch bakery
wanted; cheap; state price and particulars.
Box 2243, Call offlce.
SALOON for sale; 7 living rooms; price $450.
107 Georgia St.. Vallejo. "
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott Square.
Buffalo.
AN opportunity is offered to invest not less
than $25,000 in an established wholesale
business. For particulars call on Cushing,
Grant & Cushing, attorneys-at-law, 104 Sutter.
GROCERY: rare opportunity; complete; first-
class stock; established 18 years; large fam-
ily trade: excellent location: low rent; lease.
Apply 927 Market St.. room 621.
WANTED — Man and wife with $1500 to Invest
In a good paying business. Address box
1594. Call offlce. ¦ ..- .
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheap
and exactly. Box 1718, Call.
$5000— GROCERY and bar; residence district,
N. Mbt; low rent; lease; recpts $75 day; snap;
investigate. PAC. BUS. ASS'N. 1148 Mkt.
RESTAURANT for sale in business center of
the Western Addition; good trade. Box 1540,
Call office. ¦
FOR sale In Hayes Valley — A nicely located
restaurant; an excellent trade. Box 1348,
Call offlce. . , ' .
UPHOLSTERING ptore for sale with stock
and good will, as the owner is retiring. 1904
FHl.Tiore st., between Bush and Pine.-
GOOD paving carriage trimming, harness and
carriage business: barzain. account sickness.
373 Tonth St.. Oakland. '
FOR sale — Nice, clean business; will net $100
per month; price $200. Call 466% Thirteenth
st.. Oakland.
$1200 WILL buy a clean stock of ladles' and
gents' furnishing goods, notions, etc.; good
location. Address box 2145, Call office.'.
DRUG store; first-class comer; cheap; offlce
rooms in connection; two years' -lease. $30
J. W. MULLEN.. 27 Second st.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon: best location:
quick sale; owner going East; no agents.
Inquire Call office.
A SAFE Investment for man and ¦wife* full
Investigation allowed. Address box 1505, Call.
FOR sale — Grocery and delicacy store, at bar-
galn; departure. Apply 2500 Mission st.
CANDY store;, will sell to suit buyer; other
business; come make offer. 1427 Market st.
WANTED to buy — A saloon ; location must be
good. Box 1276. Call offlce.
WANTED— Cigar stand. Address, with loca-
tion, etc., box 1897, Call offlce. . .
FOR sale — Grocery store and bar; good paying
business; suburban town; $1500. 22 First* st.
$850— GROCERY and bar, 945 Bryant: rent
$25; 5 living rooms; good stock; must sell.
FOR' sale-«-2-chair barber' shop and .2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call offlce.
$90 — CORNER Clear • store; ¦ good stock; rent
$5. Inquire 422 Fourth st. •, ¦ ,..¦¦;: '; -¦ -_
SALOON, for sale: "cheap; , good location; 838
Broadway. Oakland. > • '.
lODGrNQ-HOUSES P OR SAEE.
. . . .'/. 1 1 1'. . . .' ¦' MITCHELL & CO < . . t VI . C." /. ' *
1206 Market st .'. .Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming) and apartment : houses," hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers: titles guaranteed
......:..t.. MITCHELL & CO r ....r.. \-r.v.-
23-ROOM house; "rent $90; 'lease; "fine location-
clears $80. -. • .-. ¦-• -.»--. -;¦• .- -
MITCHELL:&:cO.;;1206 Market. '
10- ROOM lodging-house '* for,' sale; ? rent . $20;
.water -free. - Owner,' - 712- Montgomery's st.
10 si-m. to« p. m. : iS;**. *i
SOPPING-HOUSES POR - BALE — Con.
A— CAMERON & CO., j phone South 1050.
g f Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; -everything In
nrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear S30O ¦ to S35O »er month;
here is best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
J" etI , me to »et first-class house that Is cl«ar-
ng $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for EuroDe to settle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us. •¦ -
80-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $128: first -class location;
w«n furnished and good running order; clear-
ing n6w over $20O per month; always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500. »
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
*0 rooms; new, modern building: elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
set an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. - ,
16 rooms; rent $65: good furniture and car-
pets; alawys full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
80 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
P-room flat: rent only $5O; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-clase,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us*. >
65 rooms:, best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city: make an offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape; fine little apartment- house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Larga list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS
MARION GRD7FIN!
ROOM 406, EXAMINER BUILDING, cor 3d
and Market sts., tel. Black 3607; hotels and
rooming-houses for sale. WE GUARANTEE
GOOD TITLES.
SNAP, on sunny side of street, near Leaven-
worth; S rooms; $150 down and $150 in pay-
ments; rent $35; think it over.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NORTH of Market — $400 down; elegantly fur-
nished; would you like to put $75 In the
bank every month? If you have. $40O to pay
down MARION GRIFFIN will. back you for
the balance and put you in possession of
euch a 24-room. house.
SPECULA TORSfl. if you have a thousand to
invest, we .can show you a 35-room house
that clears $f»5 monthly; -we can sell it for
$1500; we back you with $500, to be ¦ re-
.turned to us in payments
TO SUIT YOU.
Furnishings are new and clean; rent $45;
price was $2500 and It's worth $2500 AS A
BUSINESS OR SPECULATION.
MARION GRIFFIN.
DEATH of owner causes sale of a 30-room
house, 3 blocks north of Market; very finely
furnished; immense transient trade; make
offer.
MARION GRIFFIN.
1 ALL OUTSIDE ROOMS.
GUARANTEED INCOME S220 monthly:
expenses $9S; POSITIVE PROFIT $122; cen-
trally located; 23 rooms; rent $3 50 per
. room; price $1500.
v MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY APPOINTED; new and mod-
ern; 60 rooms; centrally located; elegantly
. furnished: electricity for elevator and lights:
8-year lease; hot water In each room; all
single rooms; roomers mostly business men;
profit $851 monthly; you can pay $2000 down.
WE ARRANGE BALANCE FOR YOU. .
MARION- GRIFFIN. ¦
BY INVESTING $200 and paying 6 per cent
per anum on balance you can have 4 beau-
tifully furnished, eunny, corner rooms rent
free; It's a fine location; only 6 blocks north
of Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 40«. Examiner Building.
SOME BARGAINS— Furnished . rooming-house
in business center, making money, reason for
selllTig owner going East, to the right party
easy payments; well-located European hotel;
choice, family . hotel; apartments and flats,
furnished and unfurnished, for sale; prioes
and terms will suit.
* ( PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO.. ,
70S Market St.. Ran Francisco, rooms. 604-605.
15 ROOMS; Market St.; rent $60.... $HHX»
6-room flat: rent $20 .$250
24 rooms; rent $M " ........ .$1)00
12 rooms; rent $45 i.... $500
24 rooms; rent $105; will trade for land.$240O
25 rooms: rent $140; north of Market.. $1050
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
• 1118 Market st.
¦ — — «
CORNER house, 32 rooms, new elegant . fur-
nishings, is now on a big paying basis,' will
j sell on time payments; 100-room house down
. town, low rent, part cash: we handle none
but good paying houses, also Oakland prop-
erties, on, time payments.. S. F. ¦ CREDIT
CO.. 10 Turk et.; phone 741. , ¦
FOR sale^ — Bargain.; 11 rooms and bath; must
sell at once. 643 Geary st. ,
•¦ ~~ — ' ' ¦ :*"VV;
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COMB TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL
DEMONSTRATION *
; ., V'OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
I - READINGS,. $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He is acknowledged by all who consult him
: as a true exDonent of the occult aclence: for
overcoming trouble, bad luck. 111 health, busl-
1 ness, love. . family and financial worries. Would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? To be relieved of ¦ the . matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who is permanently located at ¦¦••¦"':-, \" .
•428 Eddy St.: lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential. '
Three separate reception parjors.,
MME. M. BERNARD-: THE FAMOUS
l: 'Clairvoyant and business: medium;."., perma-
. nently located at U-Thlrd St., next'Exam-
, iner bldg.; ; she , reads your life correctly."-
gives an accurate description of the past. re- r
5 veals the * present happenings, and ; portrays
.'events to occur. in the future; 'if you are in .
trouble,- discontented: or; not" satisfied with
life or have domestic, ¦ love or. business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
¦be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life;' 25o up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open ; Sundays. .Tel.; Black 4569.
A— Miss M. I Wllle. 3S0 Ellis; •¦ clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
•what you called for without. asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, -$1; hours 10 to 8.;
MISS ZEMDAR,' young, gifted clair. and palm.;
reveals love., marriage, business, etc. ; L. 50c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st. ;
PROF. :? JOHNS.- J palmist * and > psychic card
reader; 'i readings. 25c; 2 " to : 9 4 p. 7 m. ' • 512
vjessle'st. •'; .; - ,,¦-•'- ; ,- 1 - "~ ; ,¦ .'-¦ ;'-•> ; , -¦ ,
BL'ACKMAN,' : adept \ palmist;* has*, the '. ring ¦ of
; :i Solomon in both hands; 10 to 5. 537,O;Farr'ell
ONE HUNDRED PER GENT PROFIT
IS OFTEN THE
RESULTTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY,. OCTOBER )4. 1904.
13
E 5S_2l? N ]S_ : . X> ' " WlnK m * c »»rne operators on
LEV*! BT^»T-,«f nd i" m » e «: -teady work.
A T«^ R " JUI f' L ' Y 'S sanitarium— Probationary
nur«s. medicine. »urgery, caws;
inu«t contract for one year. Apply at 2504
Howard st.. 2 .<o 4. p. m. ,
C< J-L l '.V J i ENT coot; J' r l v ate family; wages $35.
1.0 Uelved^re *t.. bet. Frederick and Waller,
Cvlc ana Clayton.
AX errand girl wanted. 1111 Van N>R8 ave.
VV ££ rT^ n ~ Glr5 fcr * e n«"al housework; wages
$20. 731 McAllister st.
WOMAN to travel; work pleasant, creative
and educational. Box 237D. Call office.
LADY cr gentleman solicitors; $5 a day: good
_ proposition. 434 Cr___lejr bulldirifr.
WANTED — Apprentices for dressmaklne:
Jaid. J. BAER. 12'K» Gear.- st.
A FIIIST-CLASS waist trimraer Apply MIIS.
KAN-LEY. 1111 Van >.>«-.
FIRST-CLaES waist, skirt and coat bandi
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
428 Bush et 642 Clay ot.
Pastry cook, flrst-claiss country hotel. $75
Chef ;........ $S0
Second cook, country hotel, free- fare $10
German second baker, country shop.$40-$45 fd
Foreman and wife, private residence; must
understand gardening, raising walnuts and
prunes and run gasoline engine; $60 up and
found; party here.
Porter, reoming-house $40 and room
Dishwashers, kitchen hands, bellboys, wait-
ers.
New Railroad Work Fare |1
25 station men, 15 cents yard up.
fihip to-night Call early
25 splkers. laborers ..$2 day
6-horee teamsters $40 found
Ship tu-niieht Fare $1
Laborers and teamsters.... .*. State of Nevada
Wares $2 50 Fare $7 50
Ship to-night. Ship to-night. Ship to-night.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S EMP. AGENCY,
429 Bueh st , 642 Clay st.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
Mep for station work, new steam railroad.
NAPA CO. NAPA CO.
15e YARD — 15o.
Good shoveling, long Job. good camp,
good water. #
Lumber pliers, $2 75 to $3.
Sierra Co., 6 months' work.
Cook, near city, $30 and fd.
Dry cleaner, city, $12 to $15.
Boy for grocery, city, $6.
Bench hand, cabinet maker. $3 50.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
*2 50 — teamsters — $2 SO.
Ship to-night. f
BUTLER. $45 and found; American foreman
for dairy; eoap boiler, $2 day: old man to
care for place. $5 month; coachman. $30 and
found; !anner6, $30 and found; dairyman.
$30 and found; miners. $3 day: man and
wife for sanitarium. $50 and found; waiter ¦
for laborers. $30 and found: »nd others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Porter $20; elevator boy, $15.
STRONG BOY ABOUT SEVENTEEN YEARS
OF AGE. STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER
GOL'GH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Installment collector to collect
small weekly payments on merchandise ac-
count; good salary; position permanent.
Globe Company. 723 Chestnut St., Philadel-
phia, Pa. ' '
LIFE positions at good salaries' in Government
service and how to .secuce .them. For full
particulars apply Pacific Correspondence In-
stitute, Grant bldg.. 1005" Market st.. S. F.
LADY wants steady, active young man part-
ner with $300: well established business that
will pay him $30 week and over. Call 825
Market St.. room 437.
WANTED — An all around registered dentist in
an advertising offlce in a city of 35,000; -good
salary to the right man. Address box
2320. Call offlce.
YOUNG or mld-le-aged man of good habit*
having $25 cash can learn paying trade;
steady work; good wages while learning.
Call 212 First Bt.
EXPERIENCED all around dry goods clerk
for country; $75 month. Apply 119 Bush St.,
rocm 12.
WANTED — Boy 14 to 16 to run errands and
make himself useful about store. KIRK,
GEARY & CO.. 112 Geary st.
BARBER shop in Western Addition; 2 chairs;
old stand; a good thing; cheap for right
party. STOLTZ, 723 Market st. .
BARBER shop in business center: finely fur-
nished; good stand; can be had at most rea-
sonable price. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
EXPERIENCED drapery salesman. Address,
stating experience, reference and ealary ex-
pected. Box 2248. Call offlce.
STEADY young man to carry papers; morn-
ing route. Apply after 4 p. m., 1231 Webster.
BOY wants to drive delivery wagon. Box
2224. Call office.
WANTED — Outei<_e salesman. Boston Pants
Company, 907 Market st,
ERRAND boy wanted. Bauer Lamp and R.
Company, 510 Mission st.
WANTED — Three laborers at Fourteenth ave.
and N st. South; take Kentucky-st cars.
WANTED — A good coatmaker. G62 Geary st.
YOUTHS os wrappers. Apply superintendent's
office, the Emporium.
BOY wanted. 100 Pine St., upstairs.
A P-IJTLER; mu.t b<» con pctent and do' some
work fcronoons; city; $.0. Lambert. 418 Powell.
WANTED — Three flrst-class house painters.
1.V51 Church st., r.ear Twenty-sixth.
DISHWAfcHER wanted. Park Hotei. 20 Turk
street.
HANDY roan about place. . 1443 Harrison st.
PAINTER -ranted; must be a good burner.
1515 Buchanan st. ¦ . '
WANTED— A boy at S. DAMNER'S. 206
O'Farrell -t.
BOY wanted to wcrk in flower store. Call bet.
_ and 10 r. m. at to Valencia st.
WANTED^A disbwafher. CALIFORNIA
BAKING CO., corner Kddy and Fillm ore gts.
MUN -rantfd at 137 M st.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed eoles 10 ml n., 75c.
BOY wanted to learn drug business. Apply
drug store. Twenty-fourth and Castro sts.
MAN to learn the barber trade; wages while
lesrclng. Call at 751 Mission st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
I frtfc 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
-WANTED — 100 men and women to learn bar-
ber trade; new method ; v*-seg paid while
learning; special Inducement this month.
Haight Branch No, 1. 047 Commercial st.-
_—————-— ———————— — — — — ¦ ————-——————. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
•hat Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
a.'do. 100 new rooms to the; Denver House,
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
WANTED — Ycuns man. who Is an experienced
.•«?'» coofls salesman." Apply "between 8 and
11 a' rn. at HALS BROS.
RARBER «lsop for sale for $80; all the fur-
rltur- chairs ard towels; rent $6 per mo.;
g VSi-. r\i- DAVItJ-A, Alvarado. Cal.
WANTED by wholesale house, bright boy for
•ar.'.'e room:. «at* age and ref-rences In
offi handwriting. Box 17&5. Call offlce.
WANTED— lUrber; "hop «n ¦¦ soort 'i$? lthy
uZn n running chairs; clearing $25 or
ever a rek. Ayv\y, box.22.5. Call ofnce.
A MAN of In-JomlUbl* energy and jmsh^ a
pood ta«ker, -ager to make mono v?< PEIt-
FON. 477 mid 47S. rarrott building. -
WjCntED— Good solicitors ; , must be bustlers
£fw York Hat Workers and C!«ners, 260
'.Third st. .''¦'¦¦¦ . '- - ¦- -'--*•' -¦¦•¦•¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
WANTED— Young man Jo learn "i!U>ring _13 j
to 20: . rwitri and board; small wages. 3 1318 j
: Vmn *{»« »-_. ¦„' l <-•',_>?•"...-¦%
FX-A.TS TO IiET — Csratinaed. s ,
i'i;.\TllAL ave. iCS. ecr. Pace et. — Lower
f.aX; C rofims ard b_th;-r«nt. $37 60.
ri.EGAVT sunny flat: 7 rooms and bath; rent
540. IOC* L-arkin t-t., r.csr Cley.
; . 1 : A I'RNTl'OSTH, 1 a»^"F:st~cf~5~TOoroi and
ualh: siar Caiitornia.: vent r*duoed.
>XW !.M»er flat '.f r, room*. 1523 Tr*at ave.;
£-•»; key in tro'."*ry.
.•¦ KEW _rtyt* n*t: _ r. cms and b.; dec. lights.
:*:.t fSO. 1573 Oak rt.. cor. IC-sonic ave.
I'CST. 1CW— Six rooms and bath; upper flat;
mu reasonable.
3:s>: ?EVENTEFNTlf~rtT7~rner of Ssnrh-z.
six -unny rooms. l__r>._ $27 50: water free. I
TO LET— 2 ?.*:«. JiiO Harrison et. between
Twentle'h sod Twenty-first.
H«^-COTTACi; ot 3 roorns~i?.r~nose ave.
bet. Oo:eli yd Octavia. HaiEht and Page. ,
"..ATtci.yv lift of bot_seri_a4 flats to let Call
c:i LYON & HOAG. llg Montcf.mery si
ri.ATS TO IiET — r~ Rg-BBEP .
ri"RNISHCD flat. S -rocrcs ai.d hath; _u*t
belli ; N. E. coiTier; strictly modern; Turkish
russ, mahortny and weathered oak furniture
Phone Lericln 671 or eddrejrs box 2327, this
office.
TO LET — Partly furnished middle fiat of five
rooms and .bath; rent reasonable. Apply
<__'.:>- between i:go and S p. tn.. 79 South
Perk.
A NICELT rurnished flat of S rooms and bath;
centrally .oc&ted; rent 115. Inquire of BO-
V_~t. TOT fc CO.. 117 Montgomery st.
OOI_C. 410. fronting panhandle. 2 blocks from
Park entrance — Pun ».'. dsy In every room;
S rooms and bath; can be seen from 11 to 2.
THREE sunny rooms «r)th t—tb: Dew and
modern ; hare to be seen to be appreciated:
rpen dally. 97? Edfly tt.
HANDSOJOELT far. modem flats. 4, 8 and ?
r.: s«n: reat rets.; 2 to 5 p. m. 434 Bartleft.
__. riATsjpoB J^^rr_^3 | [}5_*jffJS-Ei-t-~-
_.ODI_y; 9-roozn runny flat; rent $42 SO;
¦water fre«; funus-lngs at a bargain. 178
Oak St.; call between 10 and 3.
CHARMING sucsy corner six-room flat; per-
manent roomers pay |15 over rent. 4&4
E-dy st.
J27f> — FLAT; seven rooms and bath; four
rooms rented. SIS Hayes st.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 8 rooms and
bath; all sunny. 7 Hyde st.
TO let — 4 furnished housekeeping rooms. Call
between 9 and 12. t and 6. 1456 Grove st.
FLATS FOB SALE.
PINE. 732 — Fine, sunny rooms and bath; rent,
(23: quick eale bargain.
-~U_-HT-.U--.E FOB gAIiE.
H. METER A CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
J7S 'vTORTH of furniture for $7 60 down. $1 60
r*r week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
FUBNTTTJBE WAJfTHDt
ABE I_.EV_\ ~
Salesroom, 1125 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't ee!l your furniture, carpet*, office fur-
niture. *tc. until you get hli estimate.
WILL pay 2l» p«r c»nt more for furniture than
dealers or will eell on commission. L. H.
Bl'RD. auc. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 233«.
H~Z>P WA^EO~-TjaiA.T^i.
o COOKS, German and American fa_niiies7r~
J3O-S35
Ccck for students $30
Cook for crnei! sanitarium ...J2S
Cook for Alume-a $30
Butler for city $45
Parlor maid $30
3 Eecond girls..- $25
Upstairs » ork and sewing .$25
OH__nb<>rma!d. country hotel $25
Kiich'-n hViper. country institution..... _,$25
Housework, San Mateo .$23
<.'ie_nime woman, institution, room out $25
2 «*aiTre9ses $27 50
3 nurre girl* .$15-$20-*25
Cook tor boarding-house $35
<.'o<-ik for Fresno .-...,$30
Cook for Shasta „ . .$30
And i0 housework girls for city and near by
town* $20-$25-$30
Apply to J. F. CItOSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter.
SKF. LAMBERT. 41R Powell St.— Help of all
nationalities wanted to fill various position-.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng
ir.anlcurlr_g. etc.; trade taught from A to 2
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately: po-itions
truaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In Weet. S33 Geary etf, room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fsll season; both seasons taught from start
*o f-niEh in one month for $5; positions as
trimmer., salesladies, makers, guaranteed st
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled lm-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton st... r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng.
manicuring, electric masFage. etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee ' positions; only
recognised college of its kind on coast: day
end evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIEAXE iVECESSART: GOOD PAT;
ETDADT WORK. LEVI STRAUSS A CO..
22H FREMO-rr ST. APPLT TO Mft
DAVIS. "
FHIRT AND COTTONADE PANTS OPER-
ATORS WANTED. STANDARD FACTORY
COR. GOCGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Experienced wrappers. Apply be-
tween S and 10 a. »., I. MAGNIN A CO..
¦3-83 Ellis mt.
WANTED— In large clothing •tore, saleswoman
for boys' clothing. Address, stating experi-
ence, reference, box 2200, Call offlce.
SALESWOMAN for grocery store. Address.
rtaUne experience, reference, salary expected
fee- 2-ttO. Call efflee. -
WANTED— Girls to etrip labels from cans.
Call Tuesday niornlns. 7:S0. at Cowell's
wsrehouse. Battery and talon ste.
GIRL for housework. 51 Cumberland st. be-
f-.-ren NlC-t»«-.th and Twentieth and Guer-
' rtro and Doloree.
'¦VANTED — K_.nic_ri« r_<1 hairdresser. Apply
Rop*Tinfca<Jer.t's offlcs, the Emporium.
WTXtSBEBS en ladles' sk'rts. D. M. DAVID-
SON & CO.. 52 Firrt street.
WANTED — A rood clrl for general bouwverk
and plain cockinj:. 1620 Geary *t. '
OPEP_ATORS. work by power, on ladles' wear,
etc 1—3 Mission st.
GIRL for hou-cwork; wsffes $15. TIB Cole St.
WAIST hands wanted st 1407 Ltguna st.
GIRL wanted to assist- with housework and
-lcep home; wajres $8. 1770 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Girt for second — ork and sewing.
1307 Kyde rt.
I'lUJTEJ^TANT woman; eeneral* housework;
"¦¦n-jjU ho_«e. 1133 Balmy ,st., near 25th. -
TAILOKESS oa ccats. 3 Hardie place, room 2,
third floor. <.!T Krarny jst., north of Putter.
G&KDT r»a^ker *!th retail or wholesale experi-
"ii>. -_4 Uattery et.
riRKT-iXJUS waltrese wanted. Capital Res-
ta-:x.r.t. 20--208 _.lcAlllEter st.
GIRL to help Jn «_lninj:-room. Capital Res-
t-urant, ..•'j6-2oS McAllister et.
Nl'REE for ganttarium. 2344 Sutter st-
AN- errre.-.tice wanted rer dre:=e_a_.kJtig: wares
._J^; - while U>arning. 1CS5 Geary st.
t? /£. l _i-£* >' c - r «f drl for hcusewqrk. Call
'; iC cl. this, morning.
V Tnl> ~ Ccrn;> *' ;frt rlr ' for «*klnjf and ss-
•¦y-" £.~ ref^t«are» required.
* «M*i:.it« 0< "* ant - d rar r»ner-U housework
"-,/«" - v '"-» h 'n- ror three In family: age
¦_ll"_: i; ***** <C-. Apply 318 nartlett st.
tO»_L*^i U ensa'-ur fKT.'oni.eni. Apply nt
...J^^j^H^Vee nrsi.tr; rj'.ary no object.
V^Mr l _iV^I. c ' urE aay who »" * n «—^H*nced
-i!£^n ?^n^ p ' I ' lv between • D " n^
b««^?"ir_;12Ti' : * r^ 1 "^wonwin. Apply
v-'**rrrx>-T<~<?Z — ~ ~ — - —
*^JE—^ntiimed£_
A— MURRAY _- READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
Phone Main 684S. .
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. *
- We »peak the German, " French, Italian,
PcandWiavian. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian
and Danish languages.
l:)03 We Gave ' 1004 We Hope to
IK>,O<jO Men Work. Increase 60.000.
AGAIN. ,
12 carpenters, NEVADA STATE, $3 day.
Government work, rough carpenters.
SPECIAL U. S.
GOVERNMENT WORK, NEVADA.
5C teamsters and laborers, $75.
¦i shinclers, • SOc fare; $1 cxr M.
j woodworkers, $!K>; 6 bench hands, $90;
table maker; 3 brush makers; band sawyer.
"—12 PLASTERERS. $4 50 DAY—
PLUMBERS. FARE PAID.
12 plumbers, no union, $4 a day.
G IRON MOLDERS.
Slack coopers; 2 varnish finishers.
Gang trimmerrran. fsre. $2 00; $50 found.
Well-digger, understands gas engine, f*0 fd.
Leverman gasoline engine dredger, $75.
MURRAY & READY. <334 and 636 Clay st.
—LUMBER SYNDICATE-— . .
-5 laborers, work on railroads, $60.
- NEW JOBS,
v - 155 woodchoppers.
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS. /
-3 boys or young men! box factory, $35 found.
: FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC.
Handy man, slaughter house; $20 to $25 fdi
14 choremen, boys, see uf, $15, $20, $30, fd.
20 general farm hands, steady jobs. $30 fd.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman, city.
BUTCHERS.
5 ehecp butchers, $S0.
4 knife men, $2 75. 3 sausage makers, $14.
COOKS.
15 cooks, different places, $30, $40, $50,$70 fd.
BELL. FLEVAT0R BOYS— BEPMAKERS.
9 dishwashers, different places, $20, $30 fd.
Married farmer. Southern town. $30 and fd.
TO EL-D-CO. TO-DAY.
55 track men, any laborer will do. '
|67 60. J75 00
*«7 50 TO $75 00
Wheelwright, Nevada State, $60 found.
LAUNDRY.
Man to take contract cut lumber, boss here.
Strong handy man with butcher knife, $2 50.
Greek porter, saloon, country, $25 found.
6 ironmolders, $3 day and found.
Sign painter, wagon, etc.. fare $1 25. $32 50.
MANAGER HERE. .
12 hand miners, good mine, $75 to $82 50.
BOX FACTORY.
2 cut-off sawyers, country, $75.
NON-UNION PLUMBER— CITY.
Steward. Slavonian. $50 and found.
Helper, city, carpet eale. warehouse. $40.
3 painters, city house work, $3 day.
, . NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 LABORERS, $60.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay St.
MA-K-HER and sticker hands, $.3 50 day.
Carder for cotton machine, $2 25 day.
3 boys for city stores. $4 week.
3 laborers to help carpenters, fare 10c, $1 60
day.
BOSS HERE.
Bookkeeper for vineyard. $2 35 day..
Timekeeper for vineyard. $40 and found.
Clerk for store on vineyard, $30 and found.
Elevator boy, first-class city Job, $5 week fd
Buggy waeher, city. $75.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
2o hand miners, $75 to $82 50.
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WHEELWRIGHT. Nevada' StaTe, $3 day.
2 MACHINISTS, $3 DAY.
5 hostlers, buggy washers, $60 to $75.
Carpenter, $50 found.
4 carpenters, fare 10c, $5 day.
3 PAINTERS, $2 50 TO $3 DAY.
2 young men, packing furniture, $1 50 to
$1 75 day.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, both for kitchen work on
ranch, fare SOc. $60.
Man and wife, ranch, end of S. F. $45 fd.
—BAKERS.—
Confectioner, $20 week.
3 bench cake hands, $17 week, a
Bread baker. $40 to $45 found.
Chef cook, commercial hotel, fare $1 $60 fd.
MURRAY &, READY, 634and 636 Clay st.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
64-65 Chronicle Bldg. .- a U -James ; 2621.
Buyer for department store,' must be thor-
oughly competent. $150,000 stock $175 mo.
Accountant, dep't store, experience, $100 up
Ounsmith, Al man... |ioq mo
Traveling man. good line, $25 wk & expense*
2 casting chippers, foundry.. V.$3 day
2 helpers, foundry $2 60 day
Planing mill hand, all machines, $4 25 day
Candy helper, experienced ..$8 wk start
Dyer and cleaner, Al *20 wk
Grocery solicitor and collector $60 mo
Young salesman, ex., city S50 mo
Gardener, country r $45 found
4 stoveplate molders .$3 50 day
2 young men, educational line, _alary.
Boy, handy around machinery...,. .. .$5 wk
Errand boy ' $4 w j_.
Call and investigate other
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 Commercial st.. Near Kearny
PHONE BUSH 833— JOHN L. DRECHSLER
IDAHO IDAHO \ IDAHO
FREE FARE New Railroad Work
100 Laborers 100 Teamstem
10 farmers and teamsters, $26 to $30 found.
10 men, burn charcoal, $6 50 ton, tools and
cabin furnished; butcher, country shop $40
found, no killing; second cook. city.
S. F. BARBER College will take the next 6
f»cholore free. Call for particulars at 741A
Howard st. •
WANTED— Butcher at Sonoma Market, 1330
Polk trf.
FIRST-CLASS' barber. 817 Laguna st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
¦ required, constant practice and expert in-
struction; positions secured; special induce-
ment f this month; catalogue mailed free.
Molrr System College. 635 Clay st.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free ot charge. HORD
A SMITH, 95 Third St., 8. F.
TWO cubmanagers; also solicitors; Pacific Mu-
tual Life, 5C8 Montgomery st. ; call morn-
ings at rooms 31-32, 7th floor; references re-
quired. •
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $80 per month and expenses; references
required. Box 2369. Call office.
ALL classes of machinists furnished on short
notice by Machinists' Union. 1159 Mission
st. Phone Mint 2406; offlce hours S a. m.
to 5, p. m. ' .
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charKe«_H 3d St., Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
COATMAKER wanted for country. REISS
BROS. A CO., 24 Sutter St.
BOY residing with parents for store work In
wholesale house; state age. Box 2352, Call.
USEFUL German; winehouse; tend bar; state
age; references. Box 2102, Call offlce.
.FOR sale — One-half of good paying barber
shop. 122 Third st. x
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 20 Steuart st.
LABOR debt* collected; suits, -attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy.,r.415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands)- for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E. A; Bull is, r. 40, Phelan bldg.
' Past Cora. Geo. II.' Thomas Post; G. A. R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch, of flee, cor Duncan A Church sts.
ALL Aizer. men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5G3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your- shoos half-soled while waiting; "25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
_JgOBSESjAro^W^Op»S^
A STANDARD. bred horse for sale: 17 hands
high;. 8 years old; will weigh 1350 lbs.; or
will exchange ' for a good draft horse; also •
a fine pony for sale; single-footer; will ride
or drive; saddle and bridle. 1521 Railroad
ave., 'Alaroeda. ¦
FINE 'river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra . Costa
County. Nucleus Stables/; 190 Stevenson, 8. F.
WANTED — A good strong) horse suitable for
; delivery wagon. Address t box 1336, Call. •
FINE new business buggy;' also second" hand
buggy cheap. 523 Fulton st. • " . •
WANTED— A business buggy, rubber tired.
. Box 1263, Call offlce. - , ¦ '
GOOD horse" for sale. Box "1806, -Call offlce. ¦
GOING out > of business; new and second-hand
. wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission . ijt.7 nr. 13th.
AUCTION rale of horse*, wagons and harnea.t
. every Wednesday ; at 11 \ a. ,m. , . 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies,' wagons, har- -
¦ ness,' work and driving horses. '^Hitta- Valencia. :
———————————--————-—-—————-¦--. 1
' l i^^^s?^j^SL^ BT ' '"¦' : .i_~_S!
a—PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
1 ;cular. <». H. UMBSEN ft CO., 20 Montgomery. '
BEAI. ESTATE— CITY— rOB SAI.S.
Vi BEAUTIFUL UOT3.
$1CCO AND UPWARD. :.
AS, PER DIAGRAM. _, -J
N ; i9Sc> C\ 2->oo X \~"~ ' ¦
|it_-_-__L_(^-i__-J-t. r-
Xfp z~« v
V ___ZIL-K4— —-—-- _i
, .; teco Kil* __J_£_l_i n.
J B "A° fifcl - B .f* 'A
'*3 00 j' *3/oa - .
> - jg*f Ml -;* ooi k" L,
kj - ¦ g| = >x^ I ! |-j-^g-_I n r~
hi sr
** EASY TERMS.
STREET WORK COMPLETE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
2S POST STREET.
Branch offlce Seventh ave. and H st.
Open every day, including Sundays.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
23 IVst St.
$8,000 — Vicinity of Seventh and Bryant sts..
6 flats, renting for JS1 per month; mort-
gage of J.-.i.nik can remain.
$4,000 — Larkin st. cor. ; cottage of 6 rooms and
bath
$23,737— Fine large, lot. 105:6x137:6, contain-
ing a double cottage of 8 rooms and
bath; one of the choicest blocks of Mc-
Allister st.; splendid building site.
$6.700 — Devisadero St., near Haight; 2 new
and elexant flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; rent for J.">- CO per month; beau-
tiful neighborhood.
$86,000— Sixth et. business property, 2 front-
ages, 3 stores, 3 rooming-houses and
• 'A new CUts on rear street: rents for
$600 per month; look Into this.
$7,750 — Sixth ave., near the park; 3 beauti-
ful new flats of 5 rooms and bath each:
rent for S77 50 per month.
$4,50O — Fifth ave.. Richmond District: two
fiats of 7 rooms- and bath; rent for $39
per month: lot 25x120.
$4,500— Filbert St.. near Hyde; cottage of 5
rooms; unobstructed marine view; lot
25x137:6.
$4.000 — Beautiful lot on the north side of
Fell st.,' near Cole: moat desirable resi-
dence location.
$6,000— Vicinity of Sixteenth and Valencia
sts. ; bouse of 9 rooma and bath and;
rear house of 2 rooms; lot 36-<12tt.
$11,500— Pierce st. near Haight; 3 new flats
of 7 rooms and bath each: $10,000 mort*
gage can remain; rent for $97 50 rer
month; this ts a snap.
$5,250 — Webster St.. near Clay: nice 2-story
- ! house of 7 rooms and bath; lot 24:5x
* 87:6; pleasant home.
-___^__ ________
209 MONTGOMERY ST.
Selling. Rents Collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
$200,000— Superb corner: vicinity Powell and
Ellis sts.: 3 frontages (one of 10O ft.),
2 corners; 5-story building, stores and
85 rooms: can be leased for $1475 per
month; 7 1-3 net per cent Investment.
$62.500 — North or and cloae to Market st. ;
y business and offlce property under se-
cured 10 years' lease; pays over 8}i
per cent net; lot 25x112:4 ft.
$32,500— A fine northeast corner on Fillmor-
st., consisting of 3 stores and 4 flats;
lot 45x9O; a good buy.
$25,000— $2400 yearly rent; $15,000 8 percent
bank mortgage can remain; lot 50x
137:6; cloae to Van Ness ave.
$18,000 — Splendid 80-foot business corner on
Devisadero st., south of Geary st;
renting for $1512 yearly.
$13,000 — Corner vicinity Greenwich st. and
Steiner; 137:6x137:6. with old Improve-
ments renting for $15O month that
could readily rent for $225 month; a
' positive bargain. »
$17,000 — Splendid corner' Mission income
property; store and flats: rent $1600
yearly; lot 50x97:6: only half Improved.
$15,500—60 feet frontage; 8 Eddy-st flats; two-
story and basement; rents $127 80.
$14,000 — Three elegant new modern flats; de-
sirable part ot Western Addition; 33-
foot lot; rents $1440 yearly; reasonable
offer entertained.
$11,500— Lot 25x137:6. with improvements, en
south side Pine st., near Mason splen-
did' location. ¦ .
$7,250— Two Hayes-st. flats. 5 and 8 rooms
¦ -;.; -" and bath; lot 2Sxl37:6 ft,; reduced
:-l.- ¦ from $8000 to effect quick sale.
$6.000 — Income $696 a year: six flats;, on*
block from Hlbernla Bank and on _- half
block from new Postofflce.
$4,500— Pouth of Market st. investment, pay.'
• ins 17 per cent net: flats; 25-ft. lot:
Investigate.
$3,800 — Two Mission (-warm belt) flats, aear
i.V. - ' 16th st.: monthly Income $40.
RESIDENCES.
$14,500 — Clay-st, residence), near Cough: north.
side; 12 rooms and baths; dellrtxtful
site; lot 29x128 ft. "
CHOICE BUILDIJTO LOTS.
$35,000 — Northwest comer; unsurpassed ma*
rlne view; 137:Sxl2S ft; threa front-
ages; choicest residence section of Saa
Francisco.
$13,600 — Fine lot on Eleventh st.. near Fol-
som; 50x200 ft.; make offer. ¦
$7,000 — Beautiful marine —lew lot; north
side Broadway, near Octavla st.: 27 x
137:6: reduced price for quick sale.
$6,750—50x137:6: splendid residence sits*
Pacific Heights; north side of street.
$4,000— Market at.; 25x100; close to coming
business section.
$1,500 each for Tery ehoice> lots In Rich-
mond District: close to main eatrano*
Golden Gate Park; on four car lines 1
nothing better in vicinity.
SPECK & CO.. 200 MONTGOMERT ST-
Opposite Mills Building. - .
BARGAIN IN WESTERN ADDITICN HO3CB,
Eight rooms, bath and finished basement; ta
first-class condition. \
Flii* neighborhood; convenient to all cars |
large lot, .
East and west exposure; easy term* If da-
sired.
' OSCAR HET-JA-N. 14 Post st.
ONLY A FEW LCTT.
$125 PEH ~__3K.
. NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots tn the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from tha
Mlnston-st. electric cars; secure on* as aa
investment and by the time It Is paid for it '
will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive in this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHriTB.
28 Montgomery St.. r. 8. . Phone MTara 8T04.
$3000— House of 9 r. and b.; 23d st, nr. York;
$500 would make it into fine flats.
$2800—2 flats of 5 r. and to. on Twenty-serenth.
$2750— New 6-r. eotage. Whitney St.: terms.
D. COFFIN. 2528 Mission, near 21st st.
A $2000 HOME buUt to suit yon. lot included,
any . location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Horn* Ballding Association, 427 Crossley bid.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call.- ¦ 16 pages, sent to any address in th* -
' United States or Canada one year for $1. *
ALL -fork guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
$1900— MODERN cottage." 5 rooms. 117 Mar-
shall St.. nr. Mission; terms $23 per month.
$80— GOOD building tot. 25x70. near Cortland
ave. Apply 3297 Mission st.
JfcEAX. ESTATX — COTT-TTRT— Tor S-J*.
CATTLE ranch. " 1750 acres, Sonoma County.
- lying west of Skaggs Springs; Gualala River
runs through ranch : fine feed, scattering
timber and tanbark plentiful; . numerous
springs: 8 acres In fruit; 4O In grain; house,
barn corrals, chicken bouses, etc.: grand
trout stream and deer plentiful; 3000 acres
fenced: price of the 175O acres deeded land.
$12.000- P- M. HANLOX. 16» Crocker Md«.
T- ATTENTION. HOMESEEKER3! % ~ . . '
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bai-lnsln California. * C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st. _ ¦ < . ¦
CHEAPEST and best in America---T_* Weekly
Call - 16 pages, sent to any address tn the ,
United States or Canada en* year for $L N
TV the heart of the alfalfa district, near Stock-
ton- tract of land at a bargain. Owner, 454 '
Thirty-fourth st,. Oakland.';
Continued , on Fa*e Forurtcea.
jaSCtL-AKEOTrS—rOB S AI.E— Con._
TRY our men'e shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
"foot-form shoes at $2 50; we. pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam. bid. : catalog free.
FINE diamond sunburst; . 7 large stones; a
.bargain; $350. 10 Sixth st.
ROdMS papered; $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
DESKS ¦ bought, sold ' and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.: tel. South 811.
FOR eale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C.;C. O'DONNELL, 1021 # Market st.
SAF ES and cash registers, new . and second-
hand. ¦> I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market -St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, " 131 Post st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p., cheap.- E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN.SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st, -
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
• , Call "16 pages, cent to any address in the
United . States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELIiANEOUS WANTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARI. EBER & CO.. room 405, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny et.; phone Black 3036.
TO buy two Knight 'Templar R. R. tickets to
St. Louis; lady's and gent's. Address P. O.
¦ box 311, Berkeley. "
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gents' castoff cloth-
lng.,etc. Tel. Da via 825; 650 Sacramento st.
A BIG price for ladies' and gents', castoff
clothing. 022 Folsom st.: tel. Folsom 3522.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castofl clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing anr"
theatrical goods. 154 9th et.; tel. Jessie 2851.
MOHEY TO LOAN.
COMPANY (Inc.) —
. .ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6V4 and 6 per cent......
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
....- PROPERTY.
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided interests in
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and . undivided Interests in
property purchased. »
MANHATTAN LOAN rOMPANT.. . . .
B»tte 107-108 Crocker bldt.; P*on,_ Main 80-4
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. "
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save exoenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.*. legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
' Low rate of interest.
Give .full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
- Box 400. Call offlce.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any cne; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place* to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent .Der- month. f: . ¦•
MONEY loaned -to 'salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-nouses, without
i security: easy payments; large business in 46
principal ¦ cities. • Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNCf & CO., room 537 Parrott bldg., loan
money on furniture. ? pianos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid oft.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN A TRUST CO., 21 Stockton St., near
Market.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security • diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com. ; cut rate.Cal.Loan Co.. 626 Parrott bdg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market st.
LOAN.3 FROM »1 to $10.000.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
rash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405 Adams
bids.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 3036.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
' quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Juet on their note; easy payments. 500 Rialto
bids.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
•¦ ture, ' Indorsed notes and other eecurity. S.
t F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg..
MONEY to loan at low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, I pearl? and precious stone.-* bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St..
DON'T borr ow« money on salary . until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Cp of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamond- 1 and Jewelry 2 per cent
no. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V.- TREMAIN, room. 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indoraer. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
MTJSICAX. INSTK— MENTS.
A LIST OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS— ¦*
Chickering, rosewood, perfect order: Chick-
ering. mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany good as new, three pedals; Vose,
walnut case, a snap; Sterling, oak case.
. used ten months; Willard, used one year.
¦ fine condition, easy payments— fully guaran-
teed: from $165 up.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $_ per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
term?, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos: all makes In used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest < exclusive piano
hous»* and only manufacturers here.
ON account of moving East, will sell Bnrw n
Simpson piano cheap; first-class tone. Ad-
dress P. O.\ tox 311. Berkeley. -:
WHEN you want to rent a piano.' call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., j 560-62-64
Hayes st. : teL Fell 57C1. .
UPRIGHT pianos, former prices $275 to-$350,-
now $117 to $168. 76a Market St.. second
j floor. . -
CHOICE of Boston musical or Cortois slide
trombone at less than half price. 760 Mar-
[ ket st.,.- second \floor. .
$90— UPRIGHT grand, pearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st. I
WALNUT upright like new, worth $275. for
$117 at 7li9 Market st.. second floor.
PIANO : players. . former, price $250, now $115.
- 7C» Market tt..i second floor. - ______
FOR sale— $50; square piano;- fine tone. . 323 i
Kearny et.. room 3. .
Talking machines, guitars, etc.; easy payments;
month's piano rent free. Bruenn.,225 Sutter.
A~PRIVATE party left | Fischer upright to , be
sold: $135. "237 Geary et. . ¦
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
;\ new ; $135. f 237 Geary st. ; ; ' . -
SOHMER' Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian piano
-, player. ' BYRON, MAUZY. 308-312 Post st. '
NEW. upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
; „ mentg.-,;. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Sfronlnger. little used. . Keeffe'g. 2S5 O'Farrell.
/ ' 7 orriCES AND STOKES TO I.ET.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian-American Bank
bid- "-• SE. con -Montir: :Ae Sacto. ;- light and
>' Funny"." G.' .H." UMBSEN :A', CO., 2OMontg.
i '
FOR rent— Section of large loft ; light and airy'
" L.v MINK. 100 New: Montgomery St.? 7th floor
¦¦:'¦; I' . ;•".;'¦' .' ' PATEJsrTS. _;;';. : '- .'.'•
'INVENTIONS patented. ¦ FV P.: MEDINA.-, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
; PUBCHASIKQ AQENCIES^
CLARA * E. * JEWETT, purchasing ; agent: • coun-
1 try orders a .specialty ;• correspondence sollcit-
v ed. -3508 17th st., San Francisco. Tel. Capp 856.
HOUSES TO IiET— STTBPRBABT.
TO rent—Country home; 10 rooms'; bath, piano
and carriage; cheap -to right party; plenty
of water; ideal spot for \ poultry- Call 725
Turk. -•--¦¦¦•' ' -•-¦¦'.-¦-.¦.-
HOUSES TO IiET-— rUBBTISHEP. -
'A BEAUTIFUL new house, . 9 rooms, near
Golden Gate Park; every modern conven-
ience; no agents.- ,Box 2237, Call offlce.
HOWARD. 2130. near Eighteenth — 8 rooms,
well furnished; rent $50. • 1 to 4 p. m. ; v.-
5 ROOMS completely furnished; Email payment
down. Call at 647 Commercial st.
SUNNY, modern. 10-room bouse and 6-room
flat, elegantly furnished. 419 Oak st.
~P~SES rUBNISSEP— FOB SAI-E.
HOUSE of 7 rooms, nicely furnished; all sun-
ny; must sell; reasonable. . 478A Turk st.
HOUSES WANTED. ,¦
WANTED— Furnished house. Western Addl-
I tlon.- about 0 or 10 rooms ; two adults. Box
1796. TTall offlce. — ¦ ¦ .-.
SOLD, rented, exchanged;, manufacturers " of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ;tel. Park 771.
IQSt AHD TOmSTD.
LOST— Turquoise brooch at bartenders' ball,
Oct. 1. Finder will please return same to
431 % Tehama et. and receive reward.
LOST — Last Sunday evening. Cocker spaniel
pup; white spot on throat. 2042 Leavenworth
I Bt., near Filbert. >; ¦
LOST — Male collie; answers to name Imp. Re-
turn to 1208 Sutter st. and receive reward.
LOST— Locket and chain, front opal . and
pearls, on back initials; reward. 420 Post st:
LOST— Young gray horse; *thin; no shoes. Re-
turn to Belle Saloon, Colma; reward.
LOST— Lady's black leather handbag, gold
mountings, on Folsom st. car or* broadgauge
.Oakland ferry, Friday morning; contents —
. little money, gold watch and chain and other
. valuables; $10 reward. Address 18 Essex st.
LOST— On Market St.. bet. Holmes* book store
and cor Eighth.' pair gold-bowed spectacles in
case, marked "Bertellng." Leave 16 Kearny..
LOST — Blue Dane do*. ' with collar and li-
cense. Return to 3371 21st St.; reward. -
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st.
LOST — Gordon setter bitch. Return to 1143
Mission st.: reward.
IiATmCHES rOH. HIBE.
C, A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of CUf
st; for pleasure and business; teL Bush 034.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing A excursions. 0 Steuart st. :tel. John 2686.
MATTBESSES AHD PILLOWS.
TO o/der;, renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
MINES ANDJMIiraSTO.
INCORPORATE your mining or business in-
terests; It's more businesslike; many ad-
vantages; aek me what it costs; directorate
secured; stock sold; new Ideas. A. F. HA-
RASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.. S. F. ,
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO., room 13, 330 Pine St., will In-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
buys, sells, develops and operates .mines.
MEPICAI..
LADIES desiring safe, sure and ' quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION ANJD AD-
'¦'VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
"male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you. are tn trouble, confide in me.
Relief, for Irregularities.. Help for' the un-
fortunate. . My, time is devoted exclusively to
those conditions.. I'm the only GRADUATE}
physician here who can say this. ¦ Call or
write. Confidential. , Est. 14 years. DR.' R.
H. WESTON. offlce 305 KEARNY ST. «
MRS. DR WYETH. opeclallst for all f emal.
complalnte and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years', experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
' lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. Oth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
¦ sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
vlsltlrg the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st, ¦•
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce 1018 Market st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
orlcfnal method of treatment. . 1126 Market.
MRS. DR.*OWYER, 511 A Leavenworth St., be-
¦ tween Geary and O'Farrell. , • •
.LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2895 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee: C10. >
BIISCEI.I.A-n-OUS— -rOB_SAI.E.
ROCKING HORSES-^ — GALLOPING HORSES
FOR SALE 1 • FOR SALE. -..
' • Up-to-date : Christmas present. <--
' Manufactured on premises.
No worthless toy — built for durability, pleas-
ure and comfort of children.
Prices very reasonable — will be sold to chil-
dren on weekly Installments If desired. Call
and Investigate for yourselves.
E. G. LIND, j 675 Harrison St., J near Third.
WALLPAPER. '
3*ie— P»r roll — 3V4c.
7Hc gold embossed; was 35c.
Everyday household paint. 1 $1 a gallon. ,
These goods are first- class, up to date. '
Samples mailed;' write us.
House painting, paper banging, whitening
and tinting. ' MERIGAN.
.New store, 1424 Ellis st. and 1302 Webster
St.; phone Jackson 1321. , •>-•¦
¦2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, , pumps,
pulleys, shafting,, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday . papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale fit.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN^
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont at. '
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~ ~
Repair it with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
needs ¦ no painting or coating; good over old
Iron; tin or Khinsles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS— A* -re are poing to move
to New Montgomery _t..:and to nvold moving
1 stock, will sell at big cut in prices. RICH-
ARDSON * BROS.. 1816 . Market : st.
A LOT of thoroughbred - W. Leghorns. B." P.
. J rocks, ¦ B. '.-¦ minorcas, B. Andaluslans, light
Brahmas and Buff Cochins far sale. 6195
Telegraph ave^,. Oakland. . ,
AN elegant assortment of t diamonds, Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; -goods delivered , on flret payment."
UNITED j TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A— BUYS, 'sells or "rents' gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. . WHITELAW. -, 253-255 . Spear st. .
K A — THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
¦ wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. '¦ 25 Stockton st. 1
REPUTABLE place r to rent gents' - full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. <f»rmerly at Palace Hotel).
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small' weekly or
¦ monthly payments. • DEREMER'8. -. 137. Mont-
¦'¦-: gomery -. st.jr . room' 12," upstairs. r
FRESH milch cow. * gentle, for sale. Call. on
B. ¦;, CASTLE, « De C Wolf , St., Ocean -View.
2D-HAND; bldg. material ; j lumber, door, sash,
i ': plumb.' material. The Dolan Co.. 1607. Mrkt,
FOR •_8le— Genuine I water spaniel ; young dogs.:
. CHAB. COLEMAN fi 426 Natoma St., top. floor.
LATEST Improved drop ' head . sewing machine;
, I all auachments perfect; $10 B0. , 1515 Polk , st.
FULL* line * of drummers'i samples | in I grips' and
¦« . trunks ; for,' sale ; cheap ' at - 35 Stockton • st. ._ :_¦-,
"AN *. elegant ; sealskin '; for " sale - for '•¦ $73. •--: SE-
:_v CURITY; LOAN & TRUST CO.. 1 21; Stockton.'
ELEGANT * diamond * ring i $50; terms ! 85 i per
- month.*; ¦, P. ;.V. f QARIN. -. 138 . Montgomery st
SLOT machine*, all kinds; lowest prices.'- Call or
,, 7 write CAL. MACHINE CO., 413 Sacramento.
'^ P3BBS0~AI.J. ¦ n _ nji _ n^
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with on»-
half of face treated: I ruarantee to re move
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox plttings, etc.; . . .
,• Restore lost contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Pow ell St.
"REXRADIO'S" offlce, and "free" public
healings Monday aroused intense Interest;
the lame literally leaped; "totally" deaf
, heard, elc, before audiences: bring < alleged)
'Incurables" only (poor); any diseases. Of-
flce hours, 2 to 7; "public" healing, 2 and 8
p. m. 783% Market.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure care for
rheumatism, paralysis; neuralgia, qpeumonla,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.\ 1338 Polk.
BEST on earthy— Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured ; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 33O Grant ave.
DON'T forget what we told you about our
roof paint; best ever. THE BURNETT
PAINT CO.. '306 Parrott building. vV '
ANY one knowing the whereabouts of GTJSTAV
THEBES kindly inform COTTON BROS..
Oakland Cal. Information to his interest.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE, 832 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st. . .
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 5O
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 34O Post St.. near Powell.
MRS. HOLSHOIISER, 320 Starr King bldg, 121
Geary— Bust devel., electrolysis, magnet, mas.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO., the tailors, 729 Market st.
BLEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. ¦ Fred .Wagner, 850 Market,
EAST installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market st.. bet. , Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. .138 Montgomery st. .
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary.r.38.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at -1810 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.,- opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ,
PHYSIC-AHS AJfP BITB-rEOgB.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence,
1021 Vi Market St., bet. 8th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL; 1073 % Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason et., now lo-
cated at 687 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PSOPOSAI.S.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. September 5, 1904—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. rn.. October
5, 1904, and then opened, for the construction
of an additional story to Administration
bulldinc ot General Hospital. Presidio ot
San Francisco, Cal., Including- - plumbing,
beating and wiling.
Government reserves the light to reject
or. accept any or all bids, In whole or In
partf Information furnished on application
to WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant Quarter-
roaster General, Chief Quartermaster. <
U. S. Engineer Offlce, San Francisco. Cal..
Sept. 6, 1904; sealed proposals for dredging
In Alvlso slough, Cal., will be received here
until 12 noon Thursday.'- Oct. 6. 1904; Infor-
mation on application. W. H. HEUER, Col.,
Engrs. .
TJ.OAI. gTOTIC-JS. - _
NOTICE is hereby given that on the Oth day
of October. 1904, at the hour of 10 a. m.. on
the premises of No. 805 Mission St.. I will
sell all the right, title and Interest of the
mortgagor In and to all of goods mortgaged by
Geo. W. Davis on the 21st day of September,
1904, to the undersigned, and recorded on
the 21st day of September, 1904, at the Re-
corder's offlce of tho city and county of San
Francisco, State of Sallfornla. Said goods
to be sold to the highest bidder for cash.
W. A. CROWE.
NOTICE — To whom It 'may concern : I hereby
give notice that Sept. 24, 4904, I purchased
the stock and good will of the butchering
business at 1018 Valencia St., heretofore
owned and conducted by MISS CRAIGHEAD;
I hereby give notice that I am not respon-
sible for any Indebtedness . of the business
contracted or due before Sept. 24, 1904.
TO whom it may \ concern — I hereby notify
you that I have purchased the saloon of
G. W. Crandell at 1500 Folsom st. ; all
bills against the same 1 must be presented
by October 4. 1904. JOHN M. KEARCE-
TO whom it may concern — I hereby notify you
that I have purchased the restaurant of
CarUs Schussel, 516 all bills
against the same must be I presented by
October 7. 1904. Q. MARINI.
LOMITA PARK— On line of. San Mateb elec-
tric ears; 45 minutes from Cth and Market
sts.; outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co/s bay shore "cutoff"
will loin the main line; second subdivision
now being offered; 50- foot lots from $400 up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes In
front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
half the lots tn subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; -an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot in this desirable section on
easy terms : take the electric ears and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation. .
SELBY, RODGERS A CO..
:-¦' - Tel. Main 873. 118 California st,.
CHIC-CE-T BA»C~nBB.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
¦ : . Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope; size
to Eult; easy terms; plenty water; fine fruit;
caTl for details; go and see Sunday. Owner,
713 Mills bldg. ....
TABM rOSKBNT O» rOB SAM.
TO rent — The Rowland farm. I 450 acres good
- land, well watered and fenced; also 40 head
of cows: will- sell or rent; everything re-
quired to run a dairy farm. Apply in person
ta R. E. ROWLAND. Orlnda Park,, back of
Berkeley. \ - ;
FABJ-S AHD RANCHES TO LEASE.
FOR rent — Three-acre orchard, with " 14-room
house; furnished. Apply to FRANK Jfe-Mc-
¦ CARTHY/ San Leandro. ;
BEAI. ESTATE TO -_X0_--ft~Q--.
FOR sale or j exchange— 160 acres o£ good tim-
ber land, spruce, hemlock, silver, flr. pine,
• etc; 7 miles southeast of ' Susanville, Lassen
County: unlncmnbeTed: will exchange for
i Oakland, or San Francisco property ¦ in whole
; or part cash. F"or particulars apply to J. H.
MACDONALD & CO..: 1052 Broadway. . Oak.
•? . PBOP-ETY ' W ANTED.
WANTED — Small home In Dichmond -- District
.for about ?2000 cash. ¦ Bo_t 21|6. Call.
MILL VALLEY ADy ? BT'S f M\T8
M^ .YALIJT JffiAL ¦ESTATE.^ _
$300— BIG lots; a stone's throw from the sta-
tion;, on graded streets; water mains laid on
* all streets; thousands of dollars have been
'spent on improvements; the beit and cheap-
est lots - in the State . for the, money; only 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; an ideal
. place for a home; Bend for maps; agents. on
the 1 ground - Sunday. -.* 1 Wii-ItU (fail *'¦<-. <-' .
HOAG.! 116 MONTGOMERY . ST. .
SlSoO-^LOT, < 75x120; "sunny . heistts; • fine view
.'. of bay, town and Mt. Tamalpalj; 5 minutes
to .depot; '-sun > all /day. 1 \S. H. 'ROBERTS.
. Real Estate, Mill Valley, Cal.
OBTAINED FROM AN
INVESTMENT\ TO -HOLD BENEFIT FOR . FAIR.— An en
tertainment ' and social will be .held - to-mor
row evening at . St.^Roee's Hall, Brannan
street for : the benefit : of vibe fair In connec
tion with St Rose* » oarblt.'nnHBHBgl
Fremont Oldei; of the Bulletin was
arrested yesterday on a warrant sworn
to before Pqlice '-.. Judge Cabaniss
chargihg.him with ¦libel. He. was re
leased" on V S 2 5 cash bail. : The ; com
plaining • witness '. is \ Harry ) N. : Gray; of
Gray ".Bros;;5contractors,7;Who
that r his v firm >was % maliciously}, libeled
In! an ; article - published ¦ in" the ? Bulletin
of "September 16. '"-".;
Charged TWith Libel .
Prisoners Plead Guilty.
John El wood pleaded guilty to a
charge of burglary in Judge Cook's
court yesterday and will be sentenced
on, Thursday. On July 21 he entered
the room of Mrs. Fannie Mounsey in
the Roycroft Hotel and stole jewelry.
Rafael Barsi pleaded guilty in Judge
Dunne's court to ; a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon and will be sen
tenced on* Thursday. On the morning
of /June 15 he shot at Luigl Guinasso
at-Front and Washington streets, but
none of the bullets took effect. Barsi's
father and 'Guinasso had a fight sev
eral months previous and the son
wanted revenge. '.' :^O3BSA
Morris Labling, 639 Minna street,
'and James McCauley.v 600 Fillmore
street,' employed by S. N.'TVood & Co.,
went'to work on Sunday -at Guggen
heim'si; packing-house, Vallejo and
Front streets. '¦ >While on ¦' their, way
home after, quitting work".; they : were
attacked\by a gang of young hood
lums and Lablihg.was robbed of $1 15.
Thj» . robbery was" reported to the po
lice ; and 'yesterday. John del Mat! was
arrested at ;36 Prospect place 'and
locked up in "the; tanks" at the.City
Prison. Later, he was identified as
one"^ of 'the ,gang. The % police • are
searching for the j^other; members. .
Boys Held Up by ¦¦ Young Iloodlums.
liEAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAT. OCT. 3.
Marion Cummins to Blanche Cummins
ct al., lot on N line of Fell street, 100 W of
Polk, W 48 by N 137:6; Rift.
Betsey E. Bradley to Richard Bradley, re
record 2030 D., 185. undlvtd<*l half of lot qn
?i^\. CO o ne r- °, f " !ck °ry and dough streets/ W
J 10 by S 6i :*»; $10.
Catli*rine K. M. Plum to Mary C. Keil.
Jeanetle M. Knopf and Louise E. Krauss, lot
w 3o b% ?^o? e B in. reetl 107:? W of Lagu ' la>
Elizabeth Taylor to Jacob: Levy, lot on S
line of Ellis street, 103:3 E of Buchanan. B
25:9 by S 00; $10.
Mendel Welsbleet to II. Schwarz Company,
lot on N line pt Kills street. 125 W of La
guna, W £5 by N 120; Slo.
Charles W. and Jennie S. Rosenbaum to
Lucius L. Solomons, lot on W line of Buchan
an fctrcet. 153 S of Jackson,, S 25:6 by W 80;
Lucius ; L." and Helen F. . Solomons to Clara
E « "^ ro> . l S l on W Une of Buchanan street.
76:0 N of Washington, N 25:10'/$ by W 80;
Ella F. Park to Anna L. Bauer, lot on S
U? e „?',., B . r0 . R<lway> 1:J7:6 w of Steirisr street,
W 84:4^ by S 137:6; $10.
Same to Hurt L. Davis, lot on" S line of
Broadway 171 :10& W of. Steiner street. W
34:41.4 by S 137:0; $lo. • •
Samuel IV Sweetscr to George H. Bailey,
lot on N line of Page street, 100 E of Brod
erlck, E 25 by N 137:0: $10.
ir 11^ 1 ?,/- /"Vi Annle Froment to Johanna
M. Shields (wife of Henry), lot sin W line
r m/ ro , a ,?vJj 13:3I/j N ot Frederick street,
S 31:1014. -W 200, N 24:7, E 213:1. and all in
terest in strip adjolnlns onN;$lO. '
Marlon B. Gumming to ; Blanche dimming
et al., lot on NT3 lino of Tenth street 05 NW
of Harrison. NW 40 by NK SO; gift."
and Madeline Miller to Favel and
Leah Tackle, lot on K line of Shotwell street
US S of Seventeenrh, S 25 by E 122:6; |10
George A. Therkot- et rI. to Henry . and
Annie. Maler, lot on W line. of Dolores street.
104:451 N of Seventeenth, N 46:«. SW as deir
9 nilrt. 30 sec. — 104:4%. SE -35:6%, TE 100;
* Mary G. Heynemann. (wife of Alexander) to
Sarah L. Guterson, lot • on B line of Bartlctt
street, 105 S of Twenty-fifth. S ISO by E 117:6;
Otto P. Gutterson to tarns, came : gift j - . .
William Muller vs. Edward E. Fischer ; (by
Robert . G. Hooker . referee) to F.-- B. White,
lot on; S. line of • Twenty-second street. 225 E
of Guerrero, E 25 by 8 114; $2100.
., F. B.. and Martha M. White to Edward E.
and-Charlotto Fischer, 'same; $10. - . . ¦
Mary A. Kluge, Emelia. Ella M., Lottie,
George and Nicholas Schneider - to Henrietta
Scluper. lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street,
200 -W of Noe, W 25 by S 114; $10. • -v
S. I. and -Theodora- Blake to Philip Colll-
E«honn, lot on E line of Prospect place, S3:3 S
Clay/ S 27:0 by E 66; $10.
Virginia v.Vanderbilt (wife of W. K. Vander
bllt) j to ; Theresa A: delrlchs, southwest corner
Pine and Taylor streets. \V' 137:6 by 8137:6.
quitclaim ¦ deed : .- Sl.^ar^ffi^StagJSgaigaMitMJMUi^j
. City .and -County; of San Francisco' to. OIlea
U. Gray, ,. lot .on- north- corner of Jesse. and
New Anthony, NE 40 by NWOO; $ .
Marlon B.Cumming, to; Jeanie, D. M. arid
Blanche ' Cummine. ,. lot on : SW .* corner '.Third
and Tehama streets.' W 75 by S 20; gift. ;;
..'•Virginia Vanderbilt: (wife of ,W. K. - Vender
bllt)«to>Thcrepa' A.- Qelrichs; undivided % in
terest in c lot on : SE line . of r Howard. 135 SW.
of >Third;iSW.4O by.'SE 80;;$10." . >v\,--,^
:.,. Marion i, B. - Cumming i to * Blanche ': Cummlng
et al.,.lot^oniWaine. of tThlrd street: 00. N ; of
Harrison. N. ; 25 by W 80;.$10.^ u * V- v ;\ ;*.-. i c— •"'¦ ~
' Abraham ¦ and , Susan '• Simon to Israel Gk»ld-
A jury is being impaneled in Judge
Cook's court to try the case of Wll
ford St. Clair Gloster, » charged with
murder. Eleven jurors were obtained
yesterday. - A number of attachments
were issued against talesmen who
failed to answer to their names. The
defendant is represented by Attorney
Frank C Driiry.
Gloster and three friends, who all
lived at the Brooklyn Hotel, had been
drinking together and early In the
morning of July 17 they left the Rich
elieu saloon to go to their hotel. One
walked down Market street and the
other three, Gloster, Harry L. Carney
and J. A. Fink, talked along Kearny
street. When they reached Post street,
Gloste"r, it is alleged, was seen by Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Clark of 406 Mason
street to strike* Fink on the jaw. Fink
fell and the back of his head struck
the sidewalk with such force as to
fracture his skull, causing his death.
Accused of Knocking Down J. A.
Fink, Whose Head Struck Side
walk Fracturing His Skull.
IMPANELED A JURY TO TRY
GLOSTER MURDER CASE
. Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Adams OS ~ 00 MacNamara .. 37 38
Black Ants .. ID 11 Mizpah Ex ..07 —
Blue Bull M. 24 — Mont Ton..l 80 J 82^
Columbia .... 24 25 N Y Ton . . — 04
Diamondfield 4.1 — Paymaster ... 03 04
Exreranza .:. 01 02 Pine Grove- ... 10 —
Eu!a Con .. 04 — Ray Exten .. — '" 08
Gold Anchor. 15 — Ray & O'Brien 07 —
Goldfleld B Bl — 10 Ray Ton 10 —
GoldQeld B&B . 11 — Red Top' 1« 17
jRoldfield Mln 70 74 Rescue 10 11
GoldfleM Mhk 16 — Sandstorm ..." 20 —
Goldfield SPk — 18 Ton Belmont .-. 60 «2
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — Ton A Cal ... — 20
Oold'Mt Con. :•-? 02 Ton Exten ..1 50 —
Han M M*8. — 10 Ton A Gt TV. 02 —
Han Mut Co. 10 • — Tun Gold Mt. 14 13
Hazel Kirk .. — 12. Ton Midway.. 35 —
Jim Butler ... — fin] Ton of Nev.. — 8 25
Jumbo ...... 76 7"| Ton N Star .. 17 18
Little Ton ... — 40i Utopia ....... 10 —
Lucky Tom.. — "151 Wpst End ... 15 IT
MONDAY.. Oct. M'p. m.
Bid. Ask. | • Bid. Ask.
Alpha 17 19| Julia 00 10
Alta 08 lOIJustlce ....... 11 12
Andes ... 20 S0| Kentuck .. 05 07
Belcher 34 -35| Lady Wash ..02 0*
Best & Belch.l 30 1 35i Mexican 1 30 1 35
Bullion 2S 30| Occidental .... 70 R2
Caledonia.... 62 031 Ophir 2 45 2 50
Challenge ... 22 241 Overman 22 23
Chollar 20= 221 Fotosi 17 18
Confidence ...1 00 1 101 Scorpion ...... 08 10
Con Cal A V.I 65 1 701 SavaKe ..: 34 36
Con Imperial. 01 02| Spr Belcher... 12 13
Con NY.... 06 OSI Sierra Nev.... 45 47
Crown Point.. 15 J7| Silver Hill...; 52 55
K. Sierra Nev 03 Of. St. Louis .... — 10
Eureka Con.. — GO! Syndicate .... 03 03
Exchequer ..." 58 60| Union Con.... 54 -58
Gould. & Cur. 24 26l Utah 12 14
Hale & Norc. 62 B4| Yellow Jacket. ' 25 27
* \ TONOPAH MINES.
The Catholic Ladles' Aid Society has
selected December 8 as the date for
opening: its home for, young girls. A
comfortable and commodious house
has been secured on Gough street, near
O'Farrell. where suitable accom
modations will be afforded young
working girls at rates within their
means. , *
The object of this home is to provide
shelter and protection for young wom
en seeking employment, to remove
them from temptations the lack of a
suitable home may be responsible for,
and to secure employment for young
girls who are sent into the world from
the 'various Catholic institutions. . This
proposed work has enlisted for it the
interest and assistance of many promi
nent people and the society feels as
sured of liberal support in Its under
taking.
A number of receptions have been
planned for the near future to pro
vide furnishings for the home. -One
took place on Wednesday evening,
September 28, at the residence of Mrs.
S. McFadden, 1070 Haight street, when
many dozen towels and liberal cash
donations were received. The next re
ception will take place at the residence
of Mrs. K. Gaines, 894 Green street,
where donations of cups 'and saucers
will be* received- * /
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society Makes
Good Progress In Carrying £
Out Worthy Project.
HOME FOR WORKING
GIRLS SOOX TO OPEN
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the. San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: -
• Morning Session.
200 Ande 29 200 Mexican ......1 40
5C0 Andes 28 100 Ophir 2 45
100 Bullion ...... 28 100 Ophir 2 55
600 Caledonia «5 350 Ophir 2 60
100 Caledonia .... 64 100 Overman 21
SCO Chollar 20 500 Potosi 18
100 Con Cal & V.I 60 600 Savage ........ 35
200 Con Cal & V.I 65 200 Scorpion C8
, BOO Con Cal & V.I 70 100 Sierra Nev.... 4t$
1000 Con Imperial. 02 1400 Union Con 57
300 Confidence ...I 00 600 Union Con 5«
3C0 Con NY.... 07 1C0 Union Con.... 55
200 Crown Point.. 1C 000 Utah 13
100 Exchequer ... 6S 100 Yellow Jacket. 27
300 Gould & Cur. 25
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes ....... 30 200 Justice 11
100 Caledonia C4 500 Kentuck ...... 08
200 Caledonia .... 62 S00 Mexican 1 40
100 Challenge ... 24 2CO Ophir .2 50
200 Con Cal & V.I 75] 100 Ophir 2 45
300 Con Cal & V.I 7<>| 5C0 Overman 23
W)0 Con Imperial. 02| 1000 Savage 35
500 Con NY 07 30O Sierra Nev 45
100 Crown. Point.. 16j 400 Sierra Nev.... 4«
300 Gould & Cur. 25t 100 Union Con.... 65
900 Gould & Cur. 26 1400 Utah 13
400 Hale & Norc. 60l
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on- t{ie San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
t Morning Session. -
4200 Adams 0S| 500 Jumbo 78
20CO Black Ants.. 11! 100 Jumbo ..' 79
1000 Black Ants.. 10 1300 MacNamara .. 38
200 Diamondflold 43 700 MacNamara .. 37
200 Diamondfield 44 1000 MacNamara .. 40
200 Goldfleld Min 71 600 Mont Ton ...1 80
250 Jumbo ....... 801 500 Ton Belmont.. 61
Afternoon Session.
600 Diamondfield 441 100 Mont Ton ...180
300 MacNamara . .181
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Occidental of W. Va.......: .... 05
Pittsburg - 4 00
Senator 60 88
Sovereign V 33
Teck 1 00
Thirty-three 8 25
Twenty-eight r. 11 50
West Shore 1 88
Wolverine 85 40
Miscellaneous — 1 *
Fischer's Theater .... 15
SALES.
* Morning Session. *
100 Monte Cristo 63
Afternoon Session.
500 Four .• 57
- Mining Stocks. '
Continued From Page fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
HONOLULU, Sept 27. —^For the first
time since rice growing was started In
the Hawaiian Islands rice this yea?
disappears from the list of exports.
Owing: to lack of labor the rice plant
ers are in a bad way and imported
rice now rules the local market. Th»
demand Is large, as rice is the chief
food of the thousands of Asiatic la
borers on the sugar plantations, but
the competition from Texas and
Louisiana is killing: the local industry.
Prodnce From Texas and Ixmi'riana
Invadlns the Field In the
Islands.
HAWAITS RICE IXDUSTTRY
SUFFERS FRO3I CX>3IPEnTION'
CINCINNATI, O., Oct. 3.— A new
chapter has been added to the matri
monial mishaps of John Fobiano, a
politician connected with the water
works department, who has the unique
record of having: married the daughter
of his divorced wife. The latest de
velopment is a new divorce suit by his
second wife. »
Five months after his first wife had
obtained a divorce in 1901. on tho
ground of gross cruelty. Fobiano
married her daughter. Florence. The
mother's cruelty charges were more
severe than those made by the daugh
ter in the petition Just fljed. The
mother claimed that Fobiano threat
ened to kill her, drew a knife on^her,
beat and choked her, smashed dishes
and drove her from home several
times. The daughter claims he beat and
abused her and refused to give up her
wearing apparel. /
This is the daughter's second pleai
for divorce this year, as Fobiano ap
plied for a divorce last February and
she filed a cross-petition, but they sub
sequently made up and lived together.
Nick Gurvlch vs. United States of America —
Alaska Court certifies to Supreme Court the
question whether the District Court did not err
in compelling plaintiff to go to trial before a
Jury of six persons.
In re bankruptcy, J. C. Caskey et al. — Wash
ington. District Court directed to vacate order
of reference and all subsequent proceedings and
enter decree dismissing the petition at peti
tioner's cost.
Utah-Nevada Company vs. Joseph R. de
Lamar — California. Judgment of Circuit Court
is reversed and cause remanded to the Cir
cuit Court, with directions -to remand the
case to the State Court.
The United States of America vs. E. A.
Gardner — Washington. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded, with instructions to render
Judgment upon the verdict for the plaintiff
In error. • : t
Tsoi Yil vs. United States of America-
California. Judgment affirmed.
Lee Yue vs. United States of America. —
California. Judgment affirmed.
George T. McDonnell vs. United States of
America — California. Judgment affirmed.
In the matter of the 'petition of J. W. Robin
son and Marie ' Carran for a writ of habeas
corpus, the Circuit Court of Appeals desires the
Instruction of the United States Supreme Court
upon the following questions of law: "Was the
order of the Curcuit Court of the United States
for the District of Washington entered on the
29th day of March, 1904, adjudging the pe
titioners guilty of contempt of court in ac
cordance with right and under authority of
law?"
The United States of America vs. Orln
Thayer, R. S. Shaw, W. H- Rldenbaugh
and A. Rossi — Central Division, Idaho. Judg
ment affirmed.
The United States of America vs. William
A. Coughanour— Idaho. Judgment affirmed.
Chin Chew Fong vs. the United States of
America — California. Judgment affirmed.
Charles A. Moore vs. Gilbert R. Nlckey,
Britannia Mining Company. Margaret M
Nickey. John J. Berkey, Joseph O. Hudnfftt
and Theabauld Schweitzer — Montana. Decree
affirmed. <
Cheung Him Nln vs. United State* of Amer
ica — California. Judgment affirmed.
Cheung Panels. United States of America-
California. Judgment affirmed.
E. W. Spencer, claimant of the steamboat
Charles R. Spencer, et al. vs. A. M. Ber
trand—District of Oregon. Judgment affirmed.
Joseph O. Hudnutt vs. Britannia - Mining
Company — District of Montana. Decree af
firmed.
Tee Yuen vs. tke United States of America
— Northern District of 'Calif ornia. Judgment
affirmed. ."
John Harni&ka. Thomas Harniska and Jane
Doe Harniska vs. Cyrus A. Dolph and Zera,
Snow— Alaska. Judgment affirmed. ,
Georje Perrlam vs. the Pacific Coast Com
pany, • Pacific Coast Steamship Company. And
The Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany. Puget Sound Tug Boat Company.
Charles T. Bailey. S. B. Randall and George
P"errlam vs. the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company and Puget Sound Tug; Boat
Company, cross-respondents. Ordered that de
cree be modified; that the owner of the
Walla Walla receive $12,000 and her master,
officers and crew the sum of $4160. the same
to be chareed. five-twelfths against the ship
and seven-twelfths against the cargo, and that
in other respects the decree of the District
Court be affirmed.
John G. Held vs. William M. Ebner, C. W.
Youns, Emery Valentine. John Olds and B.
M. Behrends — Division No. 1. Alaska. Judg
ment reversed.
The United States of America vs. A. Rosa!
and W. H. Rldenbaugh — Central Division.
Idaho. Action to recover $155,760 for 7. 778.000
feet of lumber cut on Government land. Juig
ment affirmed.
Judges Gilbert, Ross, Morrow and
Hawley opened the October session of
the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
Deals yesterday morning, and handed
down opinions as follows:
Married Her Parent's Cast-
Off Husband, tyit Like Her
Found Cruelty Excessive
United States District At
torney's Contention Upheld
in Several Chinese Cases
SUES ON SAME CHAKGE
DE HAVEN SUSTAINED
Circuit Court of Appeals
Cuts Wide Swath Through
Its Crowded Calendar
Would Be Freed. From 3Ian
From Her 3Iother
Was Legally Separated
DAUGHTER NOW
ASKS DIVORCE
MANY OPINIONS
HANDED DOWN
Hugh Casey (owner) with Fred Miller Coon
tractor), architect T. Paterson Rosa— All work
for a two-story, basement and attic frame
building' on W line of Devlsadero street, 78:2%
feet N of Sacramento. N 30 by W 110; $496S.
Miss Mary E. Kohl (owner) with T. A. Pet
tus (contractor), architects Reid Bros.—Exca
vation, concrete, brick and carnenter work,
interior finish hardware, glazing, painting,
tinting, roofing, galvanized iron and tin work,
hollow terra.' cotta and enameled tile for an
eight-story and basement office building on lot
commencing >t ft point -27:6 feet from SE.
Powell and Geary S 85 by E 50;. $54,526.
Walter P. Johnson (owner) with C. Chrls
.tensen. (contractor), architect D. F. Oliver —
All work except 1 painting, tinting shades finish,
hardware and electric fixtures for a two
story, attic and basement frame building on
N line of Washington street 202:6 feet W
Gough. W 35 by N 127:8%; $12,354.
B. Naughten (owner) with A. • P. Glidden
(contractor), - architect — Alterations and ad
ditior.8 to make a three-story frame building
on SW corner . Flllmore and Oak streets, 30
en Fillmore by 110 on Oak; $2800.
Andrew Shahan (owner) with Edward Cof
fey (contractor), architect — All work for a
two-story frame buildlnsr (store and fiat) on.
a Jot commencing: 81 feet from NE. corner
of Eighth avenue and Clement street. S 115 by
E 28; $3000. .
C. M. Volkman (owner) with J. E.. Gllson
(contractorT, architect Charles Paff— Brick, ter
ra cotta and Iron work for a four-story and
basement brick building 1 on N line of Jack
son street. 50 W of Sansome, W 70. by N 60;
$10,534. *
Same owner with S. H. Robinson (con
tractor), architect same — Carpenter work for
same on came; $9504.
¦ Agnes and' Agnes C. Sargent. Ida M. Ander
son (Sargent), H. F. Anderson, Oulda L. An
derson (Sargent) (Green), to J. P. Sargent
Estate Company, lots 1' and 2, block 33; lot
32. block 38. City Land Association; also lot
ont\E corner of C street and Thirtieth avenue.
E 120. N 425, NW 120:6, :S 427:0',i; also lot on
N line of Thirtieth avenue, 225 NW of R street.
NiW 25 by NE 100. lot 39. block 380, Haley
Tract; $10.- *
Builders' Contracts.
Charles F. Martin to William T. O'Brien,
lot on E line of Andover street. 325 S of
Crescent, S 25 by E 70, lot 194, Holliday map
A; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Joseph B. Ryan, lot
on SW line of Persia street, 75 *SE of Athens.
SE 75 by SW 100. block 74, Excelsior Home
stead. $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Abe
Rosensteln, lot on E Jin* of San Bruno street,
325 N of Thornton. N 100, E 200. S 60, W 100.
S 50, W 100. block P. Silver Terrace; $10.
G. H: Umbsen to Alice McGowan (wife of
H. H.). undivided one-seventh interest in lots
43 and 44. block 9. Flint Tract; $10.
Mary P. MacCrellish to John Brandt. lot on
S line of Twenty-ninth street, 85 B ci San
Jos?, F. 85,kS 30» E 120:0%. N 63:11: $10.
¦ Ellen Powell to James X. Powell, lot on SB
line of Minna. :25 KB of Ninth. NE 25 by
SE quitclaim deed; $1.
Ellen'Swan to Frederick Swan, lot on E line
of * Twenty-fourth avecue. 300 N of Point Lo
bos avenue, N 25 by E 120; 510.
Gottlieb T. and Anna Knopf to John S. Al
len, lot on NE corner of B street and Fourth
avenue. E 35 by N 05; $10.
Eliza-CL Houghton to Henry C. Meyer, lot
on W. line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 25 S
of C street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Oscar 11. and Mabel McGee and William N.
Canfleld to L. Veda Carroll, lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue, 125 N of I street. N 25 by
E 120; $10.
Annie L. Mullowney to Birl Hughes, lot on
E lirie of Forty-eighth avenue, 237 :6 N of K
street. N 3T:B by B 120> $10.
Pietro Blanchi to Peter and Nellie O'Hare,
let 13, block 48, Sunnyslde Tract: $10.
berg, lot on SW line of Russ street, 210 BE
Howard. SE 25 by SW 100; $10. m
Marion B. Cummins to Jeanie. D. Marioa
and Blanche Cummlng. lot on SE line of Foi
so mstreet, 130 SW of Seventh, SW 30 by sE
90; gift. : • ' •
"\ - ¦ ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, '¦¦¦'•¦TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1904.
14
¦ HOOM3 WANTED. _^
WANTED— By your.gr married couple. .2 or 3'
connecting rooms. IncHidtncr kitchen; must' be
nloely furnished end north of Market; will
be permanent If satlsfactnr>'- Address. Etat-
Ing price, box 2058. Call office.
WANTED — By a physician two corner front 1
room*; north of Market. ca*t of Octavia;
fctate price. J. A. E-. Call office.. Alameda.
AMTP WABEHOUSZ8.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods ttored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Poat and Powell M.8. : -tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; pfoone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Fjirnlture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.;. phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
Ht. : tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rateg.
SEWING^MAJCniNES AND SUPPLIES.
WHY not buy or rer.t the best? You can buy
or rent a White sewing machine at the same
price you pay for Inferior makes. Visit the
new retail offlce of the White Co.. at 915
Market st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
; is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tie office, 1021 Mark-t St., near Sixth.
: — — — • ¦
THERE are others, but the White is king of
all scwinK machines; visit tfie new retail
efflce of tbe White Co. at 015 Market St.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. $3. $5. ?8; guaranteed ; where the
dolls twlng In the window. 1051 Market st.
TYPEWBITEBS A1TD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No, 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
hlarher and lower prices: rentals $2 5O. The
Typewriter* Exchange. 53G California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting: In*pee. Co.. 508 Market.
~~~~.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for it.
VIAVI CO.. Van Nesa. "hone Kaat 282.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con." A dividend. No. 70, of fifty cents
(50c) per share on the issued capital stock
of the company has been declared, payable
at th« office of the company, rooms 202, 204
and 2W, Hayward building, San Francisco,
on October 10, 1904. Transfer books close
Oct. o. 1004. at noon. C. C^ Qulnn. Secretary.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS. Helen Mining
Company (Incorporated), San Francisco,
California — At a meeting of the directors and
stockholders of the above company held Sep-
tember 2, 1904, an assessment of one (1)
cent per share was levied on the 'capital
stock, payable Immediately to the Secre-
tary, M. J. BROLAN, at the company's of-
fice,, pier 7, Pacific St.. San Francisco. Said
assessment becomes delinquent October 17,
1904, and all unpaid assessed stock will be
sold November 2.-1904, to pay the above as-
sessment and cost of advertising. M. J. BltO-
LAN. Secretary. -T
STXTTTEBINQ AND^ STAfflOgEBING.^
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market.
cures; eatab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Antonio Manginl. 33. Oakland, and Luisa
Ratto. 23, 7:U Filbert street.
Frank S. Homes 23. 107ft Fifth street, and
Bertha M. Sweet, 20 270^4 Harriet.
Joseph French Jr.. 21. 1295 Valencia street,
and Lydia Hamilton, 21. 335 Fifth avenue.
Jules Neufeld. 40, Boston, Mass.. and Jo-
eerhinc Brown. 28. city.
Jaimg K. Murphy, 21. 2J26 Bryant 6trect,
and Mary A. Lucid. 21. 34 Lafayette street.
Kalmen Rubino. 2(5, 1C26 Folsom. street, and
Anna Go'.rtir.an. 21. 17 Roes street.;
Ambrose F. Scott 30. Rio Vista, and Emma
O. Le-u-is. 25. Rio Vista. . .
Famucl J. Brown, 30, 744 Hirrlnon street,
and Margaret. F. Donegan. 20, 4S Ritch street:
"John A. Halloran. 23. Birds Landing, and
Alice M. Lambrecht. 22, Sulsun.
Alessandro Pezzuto, So. Crockett, and Maria
VitaU\ l'J, 121714 Kearny street.
Glui=eppe Mazza. 42. Sonoma, and Anonziata
Zanani. X>, Sonoma,
John L. Canepa. 21, 1839 Union street, and
Mary L. Goetzee. 18, 3V» Albion avenue.
Charles E. Clark. 21. city, and -Alice M.
Guian. 18, 28.10 Golden Gate avenue 1 .
Geortre S. Hoover. 21, city, and Marie E.
Nr-wlands 21, city.
August Classen. 43. 612 Bush street, and
Isadora Arncid, 21, 311 Hyde street.
-"Harry E. Niclicis. 22, 40S Ellis street, and
Antoneete Saurez, 18, 1C01 Clay {treet.
Hrnry H. Freicrmuth. 30. 2105 Geary street, I
and Pauline E. HCebner. 27, 150'Tweueth ave.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS/
Birth, marriage knd death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted." They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name airi residence of per-
sons authorized to have, the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BOKX.
BURNELL— In this city. September 25, 1904,
to the wife of K. B. Burnell. *. son.
MARRIED. . *
GRISWOLD— K1MBALL— In this city, Octo-
ber 2, 1904, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer,
pastor of Emanuel Evangelical Church, Guy
C Griswold of this city and Carrie L. Kim-
ball of Antloch. Cal.
HARRY— GIBBONS— In this city .• September
15, 1904. by the Rev. Kdward 1 K. Strong,
William J. Harry and Jflattie E. Gibbons,
both of this city.
RODDEN— STEWART— In this city, October
2. 10O4, by the Rev. Father Kennelly of All
Hallows Church, George P. Rodden and Isa-
bel H.' Stewart, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Alpaugh, Fred L. Maxwell. James D. ,
Avegno, Glacomo Norris, Mary J.
Bailey. Albert J. O'Brien. Joseph W. .
Brnnln. Charles A. O'Mrara Lillian
Brennan. John M. Rellly. William P.
Conners, John Richards. . Madeline
Cuello, Joseph J. Kt-aton. Raymond >
Dober. Dudley S. Shear. Charles B. '
Johnson Sophie C. Smith James J.
Mzrks, Catherine A. Smith. Lydia A.
March, Charles C. Tarpey. Domlnlck P. j
ALPAUGH— In this city. October 3. 190t. Fr*l
L. Alpaugh. son of Mrs. Nettie Alpaugh,'
and brother rf Mrs. Mat tin Holben -in,d Mrs.
W. II. Ker-i. a native of California, aged 31
years & months and 7 days.
AVEGNO— In this city, October 2, 1904. Gla- (
como Avegno. a native of Buenos .¦ Ayres,
Argentine Republic, aged 19 years. l
(T7Remalns- at the parlors of Monahan,
O'Hara & Co., 2339-41 Mission street near
Nineteenth.
BAILEY — In this city, October 3. 1004. Albert
J.. beloved husband ot Badla Bailey, father
of Albert. Harry and Alice Bailey, con . of
• Isacs L. and Rebecca Bailey, and brother of
Rebecca Bailey, a native of San Francisco,
aged 36 years and 18 days.
CT" Friends and' acquaintances nnd mem-'
bers of Morse.. I>odge No. 257. I. O. O. F.,
are ri-xpcctfully invited to attend the funeral
to ; morrow (Wednesday), at 2 p. m., from the
undertaking parlors of Theodor Dierks, . 957.
Mission street, and thence by 3:30 p.-m.
train from Third and Town/iend streets to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, for Interment.
BRANIN— In San Lorenzo,. October. S. 1901,
Charles Albert Branln. beloved husband of i
Florence Branln. son, of Mrs.. Jemima BranlnV
and brother of John. Mamie. Grace and Wil-
liam Branln,. a native of Alvarado, Cal., aged-
29 yean> 8 months and 2 days.,- :¦ .
(TJ'Notlce of funeral . hereafter. ¦
BRENNAN— In this city. October 3. 1904. John
Morgan, dearly, beloved j son of Morgan and'
Ellen Brennan. 'and ; brother, of Harry, Ray-
mond and Gladys Brennan. a native of -San
Francisco, aged 11 months. and 25 days. -,
CONNERS — In San Jose, October 3.- 1904; John
Conners, aged B7 years.- 7 >^ - ,.>- r v.»-
CUELLO — In ' this r: city, October : 2.'. 1904. i
Joseph J..- 'beloved . husband of "Agnes 13.'
Cuello,* and father of Joseph A. Cuello, and
brother of Henry" J. 'Cuello.'-- a native of
Spain, aged 48 years 4 months and 1 28 . days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully , invited to attend the -funeral I
Wednesday. October 6. at 9 :30 a, m.. from "¦
his late residence. 271 ¦ O'Farrell street,
thence - to St. Mary's Cathedral, .where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for. the repose. of ills soul, commencing at 10
a. i m. Interment ; Holy .Cross ; Cemetery.
« DOBER— In Oakland/October 3. ". 1D04. Dudley
*8.- Infant son of Frank C. and/ Elizabeth U.
Dober. ' a native - of Oakland, ¦ aged •"¦ 1 . year
and r monthf ¦ -¦¦ * --,..'¦¦
F. J. Monahan. ' Manager. C Tel. Mission ' 31 i ?
MONAHAN^'HARi^jUO^
FUNERAL '. DIRECTORS *AND ' EMBALMERS*
2339-2341 Mission • St.. • near^ Nineteenth
San Francisco.'
OCEAX TRAVEL.
>^«\r S>v Steamers leave Broadway
>ft$^-~^£l»\ wharves (piers 9 and 11).
At%l San Francisco:
/«*/ ?fcj \«4\ For Ketchlkan. Wransel.
I I \W**>a I I JuneAU - Haloes, Skaguay.
1 I IB^ I I etc., Alaska — 11 a. in.. Octo-
vk \\ vttJ ber 2 - 7 - 12 « 17 - **¦ NoT -
VSSsJ'^VX)/ 1- Change to this company'*
\A&JJJW/ steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
South Bellingham. Eelllngham — 11 a.m.. Oct. 2.
7. 12. 17. 22. 27, Nov. 1. Change at Seattle to
this con. party' » steamers for Alaska and O. N
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. October 1. 7, 13. 19. 25. 21. Nov. 6.
Corona. 1:30 n. m.. October 4. 10. 16. 22. 28.
Nor. a. #
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and»Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. October 6. 14. 22. SO. Not. 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. October 2. 10. 13, 28.
Nov. 3.
For Enaenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose <1el
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers cr sailing dates.
TICKET O7FICXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Uotel). 10 Market at.. and Broad.
way wharves. Prelffht O files 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenser Agent.
10 Market st-, San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels an4
residences. Telephone Exchange 312. --.--,¦; . "
AMESICAN LINE.
Plymouth — Cherhonrg- — South amptoa.
From New York. Saturday. 9:30 a. m.
•Philadelphia Oct. *|New York Oct. 21
Germanic Oct. 15#St. Paul Oct. S9
ATIJLimC TBA2reS»O»T TJXtH,
ITew Yori — London Direct.
Mnneapl».Oct.8.4:30 pm|Mnnetcnka.Oct.22.4 pra
Marquette.Oct.15. 9 amlMesaba. Oct. SO. 9 am
DOMXITION LDS.
Montreal — Iiiverpool— Short sea passaga.
Canada Oct. 81 Kensington Oct. 23
Southwark Oct. 151 Dominion. Oct. 2*
BED STAB LUrS.
new Tori — Antwerp— London— Paris.
Calllnc lit Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at l{>:30 a. m.
Zeeland Oct. SlVaderland Oct. 23
Finland Oct. 151 Kroonland Oct. 29
WHITE STAB LINE.
Hew York--Que«n»town— XdTtxyooI.
Sailing Wednesdays.
MaJestle.Oct. 12. 10 am I Arabic. Oct. 21. S pm
Cedrtc. Oct. 14. 9 am Teutonic.Oct.28. 10 am
Oceanic. Oct. 19. 2 pm 1 Celtic. Oct. 23. ? aa
Boston— Qnee&stown— Uvtrpool.
Cymric -. .Oet- 13. Not. 11
HEW.SEBVICE FBOX BOSTO2T.
* Past Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15.0OO Tons- *
XTSW TOBZ A2TD BOSTON DXBECT?
To the Mediterranean.
VI* Azores, Gibraltar, Naples. Genoa,
FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC... »et. 20. Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 2S
CRET1C....N0V. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4, March 13
FROM BOSTON *
CANOPIC Oct. 8. Nov. 19, Jan. 7, Ftb. 18
ROMANIC*. Oct. 29. Dec. 10. Jan. 28. Mar* It
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Poat at., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
fOKIENTAI* STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave Pacific Mall wharf, cor-
ner First* and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board on Axf
of sailing^
6. B. AMERICA MARU
"Wednesday. October 19, 1904
Via Honolulu — Round-trip ticket* at r«dae«4
rates. For freUht and.paaaags apply at Com-
pany's offlec. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agant.
Oceanic$.s.co. smews
_ owsciumioTMirw
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 8, 11 a.ra
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. Ham!
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 p. ra.
I.C.SPECXELS i BR01 CO., Azti.TiCfc: Gtcs 643 iu-
iet rnlzit Offlcs 323 Matat St. Pier 7. paellc it
COMPAG.tIS 6S5ESALE THA53 ATiASTIQUl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday Instead of iM.rr~pA
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. : -T 3 3?SS i
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. S*j-
ond class to Havre. $48 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED-STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco*.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Ag«nta.
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMERH. J. CORCORAN
Leaves 8. F.. Clay St.. N end. of Ferry bid*
dally- 9:30 a. ra.. 3 and »8 p. m.
9:30 a. m.. S p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 6*30
i a. m.. 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays 5 p. m.
Fare 25e. P. A. G. Co. Phone Main 61L
'Saturdays excepted.
For 17. S. 3Tav7 Yard, and VaQejo.
Strs. General Frisbie. MonUcello and Arrow
9:45 a.m.. ,12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 3:3w p."
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., r 8:3o pna. Leave Vallejo.- 7
a.m.. 0a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 8 p.m. Sun-
days, 7 a.m.; 9 a.m.. 3:20 pm., 5 p.m. Pier 2.
ft. Mission St.; phone Main 1308. HATCH BKO3
¦iMaHMMBMHIMHkaiHnnHM.. I
' aOOMS TOB HOPSEgEEPIKO— Con.
SIXTH. 507— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
funny, bath, gas.
HTOCKTCN. 41-43 — 2 connecting rooms; gas
range, running water* Phone. Black 3231.
! TWENTY- FOURTH. 3174—2 or 3 rocms for
i hougek«epSr.g. wltii gas rarge.
' VAN NKSS ave.. i'52— Furnished 2-room suite:
i 1 single; hoi-.gfc»:eet,lng; ;13,_$1C. $12; adults.
APABTMEPT SOITSEH.
6T LOUIS 1575 Jackron— Slartne View; 3-4 J
rooms; furn. or unfur.: refs. TeL East 1350.
ZtOOSSS TO LET — gnrn. and Pnf nrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per nljiht, *1 25 to $5 per week and
light hciiiekee-plng rooms; open all night. .
AT ••Th« Almonte." S73 Market at. (or No. 1
Fifth sD—Rooms. 25c. &0c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMONlJ House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trancesr 112tf Market and 21 Turk— Electric"
Hunts: tunning water in every room; 200
roon»»: 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 1(503— Sunnr furnished room; running
•nat.-i. electric llshts; elegant, new, modem;
top flat.
DRESSMAKER wants milliner or lady In
buslnebs to share her rooms. Box 2350, Call.
EDDY. 3, corner Market and Powell — Furnish-
ed rooms. '
EDDY, 210 — Private, elegant, sunny single and
double rooms; reasonable; $S to $14.
EIGHTH ave. 574-578. near Golden Gate
Park— Two eunny bay-window rooms; fur-
nlxhed or unfurnished; reasonable.
FILBERT. 42-4 — Furnished room; privat* fam-
ily; with bath and phone.
GRAND Southern. 7tn and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 CO to $G wk. ; reading-room.
HAYES, 136, cor. Van Nc6s-;-Two single sunny
rooms, suitable for gents, $8.
HAYES. 379 — Nicely furnished sunny room.
HAYES, 456 — A nicely furnished room cheap.
HAYES. 787— Front and back parlor and two
single rooms and use of kitchen; gas, bath
nnd Dhone: call bet. 12 and 2 o'clock.
HOWARD, 715— Large sunny rooms at loit
rates; Sic to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 737 U — Manilla; nicely Bunny fur-
nished rooms from $1 LO up. Call. *
JESSIE. CCS — A sunny front furnished room;
also back room; bath, gas, phone.
JONES. 923, near Bush — Sunny front alcove
room, cozv corner, $20.
KEARNY 323 — Two nicely furnished suites.
LEAVKNWORTH, 1521— Two or three /rooms,
furnished or unfurnished, for bousekpg.; $10.
j MARKET. 759 — Sunny rooms.
MARKET. 104» • (The Falmouth) — Sunny
rooms: hot. cold water, elevator.
I . .
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.— -TOO
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MINNA, 669 — Two single rooms; sunny and
reasonable.
MISSION. 27G8— One nicely furnished room.
NINETEENTH. 3527 — Front room; . furnished;
gentleman; two rooms, light housekeeping,
rent reasonable, in warm bt-H.
OAK. 124 — Elegant front room, lower floor;
private house; $10 month.
OCTAVIA. 1157. Ells-st. car— Housekeeping
suites.
OFARRELL, 571— Newly furnished rooms at
a reasonable rate by the month.
O'FARRELL, 1520. near Buchanan— Large
furnished room; hot and cold water; bath;
phone; $10; one email furnished room $6;
private.
PAGE, 1B30 — Parlor suite, lavatory. gas
grate, kitchen; single rooms, furniEhed and
unfurnished.
PINE. 1733. block from Van Ness — Nicely fur-
nished room; bath; phone; running water;
reasonable.
POET. WZ — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
$8 month; gas, bath, phone; modern. *
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
readfng-ro«m. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, (2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EEC.OND. 231. between Howard and Folsom —
Nicely furnished front rooms to let.
THE ST. KATHRYN, CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESES, BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SER-
VICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 MONTH.
THE L^rchmont. 3C1 Sutter — New brick bid?.,
. finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths: $3 to $6 week. , ,
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
roomf 35c to 91 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tns lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, trad. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35- to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. -Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnlchod rooms from 15c per night up.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
llon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St.. ••nnoMte
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cal; branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
BOOMS AXTD BOARD.
FRANKLIN. 1CS9— A lcrge, sunny, front
room, suitable for two; excellent taDle; terms
moderate.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031. nr. JefTerson park
— Furnished front room: bath; private house-
good board. $21; two' $35 per month.
OCTAYIA. 1025, cor. Sacramento — Overlooking
Lafayette square; romfortable rooms and
excellent home -Jward.
A— POST. 1114. near Van Ness ave. — Sunny
rooms: excellent board; references.
BUSH. 709 — Room and board; convenient lo-
cation: moderate; phone Black 56C2; refs. ¦
CHESTNUT. 2«;— Two large front rooms with
board; German family; $5 each.
EDDY. 'eZ6 — Room and board at reasonable
rates. v
EDDY I12S. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
tunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
ELLIS. 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with excel-
lent French table board; i»as.; fine location.
ELLIS, 1174 — Room and board for ref>ned
' young man In private American family; $20.
FREMONT. 316— To let, room with board.
FRANKLIN. 20i4-Slngl« furnishsd room,
with or without board.
FRONT room with board for two. 1311A Ma-
sonic ave.
GERMAN lady would like to board child and
' room for father. Box 2049, Call office.
! GUERRERO. 114-Very sunny rooms, witn
1 beard; runnlnj water.
HAIGHT. 60-Nicely furnished single rooms;
good home cooking; reasonable.
HOWAltD .841 IA— Fim-claas board and room.
single or double. $5$6 wk. ; American family;
t" 0^^ UUA - Nlce •"«. front room to
! let, with cr without board. -
HYDE C09-Nlce!y furnished ro^ms In good
location: reasonable: with board.
"B goardr^fe^ce-r- SUnny "— '
a * n c On - cpp - G "»ce Church annex.
807 California— See rooms, learn prices, try table
BOOMS ACT BOABD WABTED.
PRIVATK home or sanltorlum for a woman en
- tlrely helpless; will pay «40. ApplyTy £"!
ter only. W. M. TENCH. 854 Mission st.
ROOMS with board. 1161 Turk st. -
! A WEEK'S news for ft cents— The Weekly Call
in imgcs. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
STOF_pBHnCIHCh
GUARANTEED ¦ cure : Bend 60c: Tablet fcrm
mailed in plain, package;' has cured Jiou-
1 sands. LL L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg., S. F
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'STS
2r2Zi:i2V HEAT. ESTATE.
for «a'» N>-.v hcus-. 7 rooms; finished floor*.
rV- ar.l eJeetrlettjr: street -*ori: sidewalks
flr.th«<l; *•»>! irrrr.s. Addrcs* «31 Bcrry-
•ntu >t.. Nort?i lier'ntWy.
FUUITV T ALE ADVERT'STS
racrrvAtE kb«l estate.
1 K \VE a 5oi 25x146 central location." 10 mln-
•W walk from local train. 1 block from
<»rs hlK w . ar.d dry; I can build you a 4-room
boss* for $100 down, balance un easy terms;
j'rice only »1S6O. M. C. GIBSON.
132C Froitvale ave..
Near Fourteenth St.
FOB SALK — SZTiO: It co»t $X7Z0: rent* for S2O
- PCT month: 2 cottage* on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twecty-thlrd ave..
IJast Oakland. _^__
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S'M r r3
OFFICE. :O1C UROADWAI.
OAKLAITO KEAX ESTATE.
~KOLO01!H. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.
I0U) BBOADWAY. OAKLAND.
••tOO just tke rijfct sizr; aa elegant little
borne ./n TMrty-JWoonU "treet; see u«
and xn&ke your own term*.
1^500— Ele?-*nt two-story new hcune on Flfty-
secend et.; cn!y half block from car
Ilnr; iMs boat* Just completed and Is
a beauty; has 0 rooms and bath.
fSCiO— Large I2-roorr. house on Lind-n St.;
cenlral!y located; on2y tlsree minute**
wmZM in broad cause trains: thU Is an
exw-ptUoalljT cootf place for roomlnt
house.
BUILDING 1AXT.
\s\ 33*100 oa fast sHe fiummlt St., near
T» enty-«i«hth; this 2na lot Just put on the
n;arkrt.
1336
3ANTA FK TRACT.
;-.-aui:f-ui 40-ft lets in Oakland and Berke-
W. richt on tie Key rou'-e and S. Y. local;
uily rS mtoutts from Saa Francisco; prices
JtiOO to Snkj, and upward; one-fifth cash,
balance $15 io ?20 of: month; all street
wirk done; branch office on th* traot; open
<verj- <2ay; no better opportunity nrar San
Kranciseo far Ji<--tne»*ekers or iavesturs.
Send i>c«tal for desorlstive m&i> and pic-
tur«ai of beautiful hom*i.
HOLOOMB. BREED & BANCROFT, Inc..
10C0 Broadway, Oakland.
12 W> CASH, fl 50 month'.y; lots In Jessie
Jones Tract, adjoining East Oakland; on
r>vatcd part of it; price all told, $50 for
25x1 00, or will sell 76x300 for $425. on time
to suit bnyer; beautiful view; no better site
•in the State: 9o-foot boulevard adjoininc; 3
block* to electric cars and public school;
building up rapidly: 200 families living
there acw. Call or senfl for circular, 455 7th '
•t., opp Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riag« frc*. HEN'RT Z. JONES, owner.
FHEE — Twelve monthly commutation tickets
via "Key Route" betw»»n Telfpraph ave.
and Fan Francisco will be presented to the
first three buyers of lots who build desirable
hon^e in our tract; convenient to stations
and "electric cars; only 30 minutes to San
Francisco: excellent renting locality. RICH-
ARD J. MONTGOMERY. Key Route statlcn. !
Fortieth st. and Telegraph ave.. Central Oak-
'and.
*y _______
CLEARANCE BALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to sell
on eaey t<?rm* the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
fcAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will rr\\ these properties at figures far
below the present market rate*. If you want
a bargain tail on or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD &. CO..
3'C.i! Broadway.
2012 EMERSON et., new 6-room house; mod-
ern and up to date in every fay; for good
reason this will be sacriflced if bought within
I ft day*: appointment to see property write
T22 ElxtPf-nth «., Oakland; terms $000 each,
balance fe jxt cent.
t; ! i<i WILL buy a lovely new 4-room cott>ige:
»M-t*v«n Telegraph ave. and Grove St.; walk-
ing distance to Key route station; large
!nt; very c~ftiplete little home; 1400 down,
*'_*0 _*>r month.
BUTTERS & BCHRING. 4C8 Eleventh st..
Oakland, Sole Arents.
$4000 ONLY for a 1000-acre stock ranch. Ir
Honoma County; hcufe, barn and plenty
?¦f water; fine fcr hog raisin*. P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oak-
land. Cal.
MODERN hou&e. 8 large rooms and reception
hall, furnace, etc. Apply en premises. 655
•' TV.rty-third Ft. _ Oakland.
OAKLAND FUK2TIEHED EOOMS.
A -TWENT^'-FOUllTH. 317. Oakland— Nice
runny front room to let.
EUEVENTH. 107, Oakland— Clean. sunny
furr.irhed rocms: handy to all three trains.
TELEGRAPH ave.. 1R03. Oakland— Nice room
for two ger.ts: ras. teth and phone: $S.
OAKLAND TTJ&JSrrrUXE TOE SALE.
TO-MORROW the dr^To^iirMlnrTn^rnTT
ture. H. £rh^;hi,ay. 11th tt.. cor.store.Oakland.
S^n Francisco Advertisem'ts
'<£ EOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
EtiSTi 743 — Fine hous«-keep!sK eulte-""ias
ranee, yurd. phone.
CDPT. 1254— Unfurnished, sunny parlor suite,
with wath room; modern Cat; reasonable.
1-OI;RTEEXTH. 463-Frcnt bay-mindow bed-
room; small kitchen; new flat; phone; reas.
rOURTH. 225— Nice housekeeping rooms- also
einglo rooms. T
GKARY. 1^5— Completely furnl?hed runny
TOlte for houwkeepinjr: sas rar-re; private
bath; marine vl>w; rent $20. Tel. Hyde 1505
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311— Unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; alto single and suites. -
COLOSSI GATE ave.. 370-6unny furnished
alcove with kitchen, ras ranice; private fam-
l!y ; jjhone.
GOLTJEJf GATE. 43»— One furnished house-
keeping room; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., C22— Snnny alcove $ik-
3 large rooms, $20; single room, $11. • "
OOLDF.N GATE. €31— Nice furnUhed slnjrle
h->us«kee^!ng rooms. 6
HARRIHON*. 24MJH, bet. Twentieth and
Twenty-first— To let. 2 snnny front room,
furnished for housekeeping; gas stove and
Lath. ,
HAVi-^ri. 407— Two furnished rooms- comiiint.
tor houstkf»pinr; private.
HAYES. C4S— 5 Iarg4 unfurnl-hM housekeepinjc
rooms, with rrivate bath and gas- walking !
distance; $2S. ""* |
HOWARD, 623— 2 suites housekeeping room*-
•Jeo tingle; gas and coal stoves.
JACKSON. 010— Three complete, sunny, out-
side rocms for housekeeping.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunnr sinzie room, furnished-
light nou«e.k<v-p:ng; c*«; 51 75 -week. •
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush aud Powell— Three-
rcom tnar.y apartmests; steam heat; cen loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 line—
Sunr.y furnished 3-rooni suites; steam beat-
e<l. electric lighted; free baths; rates rea*.
LARKIN. 81BI.4 — Large Bunny furnished
housekeeplns room; pas stwe; $12 per mo.
LEAVENWORTH, ti0«— Two sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms.
LIBERTT. 304— Take Castro car; 4 ennny
mod. unfurn. rms.; warm belt; references.
IT A VISELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Sunny
furn. 2 and 2 room Van Xess suites; bath.
MCALLISTER. CIO — Large alcove and house-
keeping rooms; nicely furnished and sunny.
MINNA. 454A frear)— 2 cheap furnished rooms
for housekeeping. ,
MINNA. S14 — Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping: also rfngle rooms.
NINETEENTH. *173. .near Valencia— Two
nlc*ly furn. front rooms; hskpir.. gas, batti.
OAK. 117— Complete fcr housekeeping. |3 t«
(12: C3s range; hot bath; adults.
POST. 931— Two newly furnished ro&ms to let;
light housekeeping.
roST. 2410— Two . nicely furnished, sunny
hou»ekeeping rooms; $15; no . chlldrea. . '
B^P* 38 - B » ck "><» front parlor; n««- of
kitchen. . •
CARD OF THANKS.
• We herewith desire to extend our gratitude
to the many kind friends and neighbors and
members tit San Francjsco Council No 7
Young Men's Institute, who gave so many
evidences of their sincere and comforting
sympathy and beautiful floral offerings dur-
ing the «ad hours of our bereavement of a
loving husband and deToted father. Thomas
Maguire.
MART MAGTIIRE. widow- FRANK
MELV1N and EDNA ' MAOUIRB. children!
JOHNSON— In /this city October 2. 1004.
Ropblo • C. beloved wife of Christian E.
Johnson, and mother of Theodore C... Sophie
A. , x Amelia W.. Laura L. Gussie E. and
Alma H. Jclinson. Mrs D. Liddicott and
Mrs. J. Mueller, a native of Denmark, aged'
«!* years and 14 days - ' ¦
ICTThe funeral services will be .held
to-day (Tuesday), October 4, at 1:30
. p. m.. at her late residence 113 Eleventh
street. Interment private.
HARKS— In this city, October 2. 1904. Cath-
erine Alice, youngest daughter of Adelaide
M. and the late John J. Marks, a native of
San Francisco.
CO" Friends are. respectfully invited. to at-
tend the funeral from the residence of her.
mother, southwest corner of Haight and
Pierce streets Wednesday, at 1:30 p. m. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric
cat from. Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.s
MARSH— In East Oakland October 2. 1004.
Charles Carroll Marsh, colonel Twentieth
Illinois Volunteer Infantry beloved husband
of Harriet Cooley Marsh and father of M$s.
C, • J. - Mattison of Oswego, N. Y.. Mrs.* J.
C. Eaton and Miss M L. Marsh, a native
Of Oswero, N. Y. '
ETTriends are Invited to attend the
funeral services Tuesday mornlnt. October
, 4. at 10 a. m., af his late residence, 1312
Ninth avenue. East Oakland. Interment
- private. Please, omit flowers.
MAXWELL— In this city. October 1. 1904.
James £>., beloved husband of Laura Max-
well, and father of Elsa" W. Maxwell, and
brother of 'Mrs. Mary M Johnson a native-
of Missouri. A member of Golden Gate
Coramandery No. 16 and Mystic Shriners,
F. and A. M. ; National Union and the Fra-
ternal Brotherhood.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral," which
will be held under the auspices of Golden
Gate Commandery No 16, F. and A. M.,
from Golden Gate Hall 625 Sutter street,
Tuesday, October 4, at *2 p. m. Interment
private, i
NORRIS— In Oakland, October 3 1904, -Mary
Jane- Norris. daughter of the late Ed and
Emily Norris, sister of Emily Norris. grand-
daughter of George Cox and the late Mary
J. Evoy. niece of T F and W. A. Cox. W.
H. Norris. Mrs. Virginia "Shaw , and Mrs:' W.
French, and cousin of Mrs. F. Pflster, Geor-
glna and William Cox, Claude and Alma
Shaw. Harriet and Evoy French, G. C.
White, Mrs. Denny and William. Charlea and
Sarah Norris.' aged 20 years 7 months and
12 days.
in?"Friends and acquaintances ara'reapect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 6. 1904. at 9 a. m., from her
late;. residence. 580 Twenty-seoond street,
thence to St. Francis de Sales Church, where
a requiem high, mass will be celebrated for
the repose> of her soul, commencing at J>:30
a. m. . Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In .Oakland, September 28. 1904,
Joseph William O'Brien, beloved son of Ed-
ward P. and the late Kate T. O'Brien, a na-
tive of Pacific Grove, Cal. aged 16 years 6
months and 3 days.'*
O'MEA,RA— In this city, October 3. 1904. Lil-
lian, dearly beloved wifo of Maurice B.
O'Meara. a native of Alpenla. Mich., ared
,- 46 years and 6 months.
IT7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
T»ctober 6. at 8:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 2320 Folsom street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where a requiem Iiigh
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
» soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Crocs Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
Monahan. O'Hara & Co. 2339-41 Mission
street, near Nineteenth until Thursday, Oc-
tober 6. . v
REILLY— In this city, October 2. 1904.
William • P., beloved son of Patrick and
Letltia Rellly, and devoted brother of
Edward J.. Nellie. Mary and Ruth Rellly.
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 9
months and 4 days.
E?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 168 Elm avenue, thence to St. Mary's
..Cathedral, where a requiem mass wiU be N cel-
ebrated for the repose of his soul com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Hply Cross
Cemetery. .
RICHARDS— In this city, October 2. 1904, at
15T>0 Twelfth avenue. Sunset. Madeline R..
dearly beloved infant daughter of William T
and Mary Richards, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 months and 1 day.
SEATON— In this city. October 3 1904 Ray- X
mond. infant son of Thomas J." and 'Emma
Seaton, a native of San Francisco., agel 1
month and 3 days.
SHEAR— In East Oakland, October 3, 1904,
at 1050 First avenue, Charles Burroughs
(Shear, beloved husband of Mary G Shear
and father of C. Leslie. G. Marguerite and
Dorothy Shear, a native of New -York aged
42 years 4 months and 7 days.
SMITH— In this city. October 2. 1504, James
J.. beloved son of Katie and the late Tully
Smith, and brother of Mary, Nellie Frank
and Thomas Smith. Mrs. J. T. Kernell and
the late Katie Smith, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 11 months and 20 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late
residence. IOC Morris i avenue, off iBryant
street, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to
fat. Rose s Church, where a requiem h*h
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at a a. rn. Interment
Hely Cross Cemetery. .
SMITH— In this city, October 1. 5 1904, Lydia
Ann Smith, widow of the late Barclay J.
Smith, and mother of Harper A'; and Laura
M. Smith, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
71 Years. . • . ¦
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral to-day (Tuesday),
at 3 p. m.. at the parlors of Halsted & Co.,
940 Mission street. Remains will be taken :
East for interment. '
TARPEY— In this city. October 2 1904, at hla
ressidence. 17.!8 Bush street, bomlnlck P.
Tarpey. a native of Ireland, aged 54 years.
(Salt. Lake City papers please copy.)
BZT.rhe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), from St. Mary's Cathedral where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his sovl at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by funeral car leaving
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 11 a m
Omit flowers.CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— At the outset the wheat
market was decidedly weak. Opening quota
tions on December were down }4c to • »4c,~ at
$112% to $1 12%. May was off %@>%c to
%©%c. at $1 12% to $1 12%c. The factors
that contributed to the initial weakness were
lower, cables, liberal world's shipments ' and
heavy receipts in the Northwest. For a time
commission houses were free sellers and, with,
only a scattered demand. - prices declined still
further. December sold off to $1 11% and May
to $1 12U. On the decline a leading commission
bouse became a heavy buyer, and this support
started active covering by pit traders. who had
sold too freely on the opening weakness. As a
result the ' market suddenly - turned r strong.
Rumors that a leader of the bulls .was buying
heavily through- commission houses, . while sell
ing openly. : caused additional purchases by ; the
pit : crowd. The condition , of - the Sour trade
was a - decided • bull factor. - : Seattle' . reported
having sold 2000 tons of flour for shipment to
Vladivostok, . white Portland advtced . of , tha
sale' of ten ¦ carloads to New 'England. . Minne
apolis also reported an active 1 demand for flour.
Future Grain and Provisions.
- The Farmers and Merchants* National Bank
has declared a - dividend of f 2. payable Oc
tober 1. ' . • /
'- • A^ : G. ' Oil Co. has - levied . an assessment of
1% -mills per share, ; delinquent November. 1.
The second . installment * of ' 25 - per cent, it
$25 per share, on the subscriptions to the
newtasue of $40,000,009 of preferred stock of
Local stocks and bonds were very 'dull . yes
terday, and beyond a. decline in Pacific sjtatea
Telegraph and Telephone from $117 50" to $112.
showed no material, change., Th« oil ¦ stocks
were neglected and the Tonopahs quiet. The
Corostocka were quite active and higher, under
good.- buying orders. • . . .
Ex-divldend yesterday: The American Sugar
Company, regular quarterly dividends J bf l»:
per. cent on the preferred and common stocks;
the National* s>UK»r Refining Company, a reg
ular quarterly dividend of 1^ per* cent on
the preferred stock; the. Continental Tobacco
Company, regular quarterly dividends of Pi
per cent on the preferred stock and 4 per cent
on the common stock. VwMbHntoflaln
Local Securities Dull and Com
stock Shares , Higher. '
; Chicago opened lower, but closed at r. r. tight
advance over Saturday. In this market futures
were lower under liberal selling orders, In spite
of the Chicago advance. I This market h«s been
acting i very • strangely of ; late, going * op - when
others are going down, and vice versa.; Thjs
paradoxical condition is attracting attention tn
Oregon, and letters received fron> Portland say
that the trade there do not understand it.
They state that they v oan get from $1 ; to f 2
more a ton for their Wheat from England and
the Middle West than San Francisco will pay,
and ask: "How. long will your market main
tain its apathy. and indifference?" One letter
from Portland says that about 15,000,000 bush
els have been sold for Eastern shipment, which
will leave the north much leas Wheat than last
year and knock -freights down to 15s, and that
Chicago ia keeping tbe wires ; hot asking , for
offers. Walla Walla has sold out every bushel
of its Club and -Red Russfen. and its buyers
WHEAT— Paris 'futures were "lower. The
world's . shipments . f pr the week wete as fol
lows, in quarters: Russian. 660,000; Danubian.
40.000; Argentine. 69,000; Indian. 162.000; Aus
tralian, 44,000. The Russian wheat cTop Is of
ficially placed at S52.0OO.0OO bushels against
418,000,000 last year, , 456,000,000 in 1002 and
320.000,000 in 1001.
Wheat and Other Grains,
STOGK MAKKET.
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 3.— Cloae— Money on call I
rtea<!y, 14&214 per cect; closing bid 1% cfl
fcred at 2.
T.me loan». slightly firmer; sixty days 3U
ninety fiay» Stj par cent; six months. *3\B4.
Prime mercantile paper, 4H^5 per cent.
Sterling exchange steady, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.6545©4.8850 for de
mand aod at $4.S34O04.834S for sixty day
4 p**** ****** $ * "^ MV4 ' * ad ** 86% ®
Commercial bills, $4 8SH-
Bar eilver, E7 T 4c.
Mexican dollars, 45%c.
Go\-eftiment bonds, steady; railroad bond*,
irregular.
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. S— The motives prompt
ir.* orersttwjs in *toeks tc-day were extreme
ly difficult to fathtim owing to the conflicting
movt-mer.t tn different etocks in the earae
jrroapji and supposably under the same in
fluences, but It wl.s not discernible on pen
f-nl lines that tbe tine of sales to realize
was rather heavier than at «»>- time hereto- ,
.rre on the prw-nt advance and sufficient- to
xtagrer the market, fairly carry It backward
tor a time. The fcrces in the market were
al»le to rally themselves, however, apparently
rf-fre*hed by the extent to which the realirfng
had been carried and t-> mske headway toward
rrtwi'er*'.- The ear!y trading had the advan
tage of the etrong close ;ast week and a still
higher range of prices In Lsndon before the
ope-nicg here. The usual Monday morning ex
pression* from railroad traffic officials were
I-artictilarly rangu'.ne cf future growth of
traffic and reoortea rood actual increase In
freight movement as a retult of the passage
of the corn crop scare. A prominent feature
«>f the reports of railroad rmftiness was the re
vival cf improvements and betterments which
had been laid aside owing to the need of re
trenchment of extraordinary expenses. Tee
rmrrhanfils* movement vu reported to be ex
pending, but some falling off was reported in
«m? grain movement, especially of corn. - The
Ute ri£« in the market on Satardav seemed
to have dtftced the sentiment over the bank
stsK-rrent and to leave bo ground for de
pressing influence from it more **>rn the ab-*
eence of asy actual rise In money rates. The
confidence engendered by last week's sus
tained rise in prices had broken out tn an
unurual **-eumu'.a.tion of buying orders aver
Funday. Yet with all these advantages there
was roch a mart of profit-taking sales thrown
upon the market that prices promptly receded.
01-eniRff irrepjlar aad continuing to gravitate
to a lower level until many of the leaders
were a point or more below last week's closing
NEW TORK, Oct. 3. — The visible suroly of
grain Saturday, October 1, was as follows:
Wheat — 1,665,000 bushels; Increase. 2362
bUBhels.
Corn — 5,695,100 bushels; decrease, 42,000
bushels.
Oats — 2,664,760 bushels: increase, 1,000.000
bushels.
Rye — 1,600,000 bushels; increase, 45,000
bushels.
Barley-w*. 144,000 bushels; increase, 1,017,000
bushels. • '.¦->.
Visible Grain Supply.
APPLES— $1 35©1 50 for extra fancy. $10
1 25 ¦ for. ordinary fancy and 40^! 90c for com
mon to cholc" --' . '¦) ¦ - . . »."¦¦•
- PEARS— Bartletts. $1 25®U75 per box." In
cluding cold • storage; Winter* Nellis, $1©1 25;
other winter varieties, 35$ 75c.
PEACHES— S5«75c per box, N ,
PLUMS— 50ceilp«r box. .
POMEGRANATES — 10260c for small and
$1256160 for Urge boxes.
QUINCES — 25©50c per pox.
FIGS — 5O@75c per box. -
• ; MELONS — Cantaloupes, ' 60cl?fl 23 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 35©60c per box; Watermelons,
$1 2593 - per : dosen for - ordinary and $5 : for
extra largo. ¦ . ' .' ¦,¦•»¦ t . • ,- .•-.* „•-.-.-¦ .-..
GRAPES— Small boxes and crates; Seedless,.
75eS5c: -Tukay, 30©63c; Muscat. . 259 50c: ; Isa^
bella, 60$«0c ; Black, . 25£ W)c ; . Cca-nlchon, 60^
Trade In fresh fruits was of fair voiuma for
Monday and best quality offerings of all de
scriptions met with ready tale, at or near the
top quotations. Fancy Apples were steady,
and, although the range of quotations showed
co charge, better prices were obtained for
some varieties. Good Pears were, firm and
Figs did a' little better under decreased re
ceipts. Grapes were weak,- as supplies were
excessive and nearly all of . the offerings bad
been damaged by rain. Several hundred crates
that had been Intended for export on - the
Puget Sound steamer which ! sailed on Sunday
were still on the market, as the stock was wet
and unfit for shipment, pome large consign
ments of fine . Solway Peaches " came In from
Oregon and met with a good demand at 6C*££
75c, per box, while local lots dragged 'at .">."»&
BOc, the offerings being chiefly of low grade.
There was another sharp drop In prices of
Wine Grapes. Over SO cars came in. and the
demand was very light, as most of - the sup
plies were in a soft and 'leaky condition. Cit
rus and Tropical fruits were steady at previous
pricea. - -
STRAWBERRIES— $ I 50@3 per chest for the
large varieties and $3@6 for Cheney Berries. -
RASPBERRIES— $366 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 9610c per lb,
CRANBERRIES— « 60®2 75 per box for
Coos Bay and $S#8 25 for Cape Cod.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $1 84 '
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 $6K
Sterling Exchange, cables — ' 4 3714
New York Exchange, sight.. — 071!
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. — . 10
Sliver, per ounce .%... ,- 67%
Mexican Dollars.-.. 46 @ 46}4
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Mexico... *...;. 215K *
Berlin on London..... 20.40
Paris on London.... 25.14#
LOCAL.
, The value of the Mexican dollar for customs
purposes has been fixed at 45.8 cents for the
quarter beginning October 1. The past quarter
the value was 43.8 cents.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
ExcJtange and Bullion.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 13,31C| Oats, ctls 6 887
Wheat,' ctls 22.2581 Flaxseed. sks . . -1.734
Flour, qr ska... 19, 7C5! Wool, bales ..;.. 430
Wheat, ctls- 525 Feed sks ...... 37
Barley, ctls .... 9,817 Tallow, ctls .... 290
Oats, etls 3,829; Leather, rolls .. 137
Corn (West), ctls 600( Hides. No . , . . . 1.755
Beans, sks ...... 429! Pelts. No 12*5-
Potatoes, sks ... 6.C251 Lime, bbls ' 91
Onions, sks '1.052J Wine, gals 25,8<>0
Bran sks ..".... . 80f Sugar, ctls 940
Middlings.- sks . . 320 Quicksilver, flsks . eg
Hay. tons ....... S.15I Ualslns. bxa .... 1.150
Hops, bales 8841' ; !
FOR MONDAT, OCTOBER 3.
Receipts of Produce.
STOCK A>T> BOXD EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Oct. %— 3 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. As*.| ~- BM. Ask.
*m qr coup..l06S107%J4s qr cp new.l31%132«4
4s qr reg... 106% 107% I 3s qr coup. . .103%l08
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — Oak T Co Ca.119% —
Asso OU Co. 70 — Do 5s Ill —
Bay CPC 5s.l01 102 Do con 8s. — 1<W
Cal C G 5s.lO2% — Oeeanic 3 5«. — 65
Cal G & E g Om Cable «s.120% —
m & ct 5s. — SU; Pac G Im 4s. 95 W
Oal-st C/6s.ll2% — P E Ry 6s.. — 1C3%
C C Wat 5s. 98 — P k C H 6».lfH —
EdL *. P 6s.l21 125 P ft B, 6s.ll4%llS !
F Sc C H 6s. — — Powell-st «s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 5rt — Sac EO*R5s. 99M —
H CAS 5%s.lO5 — EF A SJV5s.ll6% —
Do 5s J»x; — Sierra R 6s..lllH —
Hon R T 6S.107H — S P of A 6«
L A Elec 5s. — 104 <190*» lC**i —
L A Ky 6s. .114% — (1910> 1©8»± —
LALCo6s— — SPofC««
Do gtd 6s. — — <1908)Sr A. 100 —
Do gtd 5s.lOO — <19<S)Sr B.l«0% —
LAP lem 59.102 — (19W»> l(«%mH
Mkt-rt C «3.115 — ttfllZ) It3%114».i
D» lem 68.113% — SPC I eg 5s.U7% —
MV« MtT59.105 — Do starapd-IOft^HO
NRR of Cf«.10«H — S P B R 6s. ISO —
Do 6« 117 — S V Wat 6s.l«4% —
N P C R 59.105U — Do 4s 2dm.l«0 100*4
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 49 3dm. 9» —
NCPC68. — 99 Dog mtg4s »«% 99
N S R R 5». — 108 Stfcn GAE*». 93 —
O G LAH 6s. — llOU U O A D 5s.lOS% —
O W gtd 5s. — 10O |
. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 37% [ Port Costa... — —
Marln Co. . . — 60 I S V Wat Co. 9* 3S*4
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. -T% 4 I8FGAE. 60% ffl'l
Mutual EL.— 13 I Stkn Q A E. — .V-i
Pac L Co. .. 69 — I U O A E C* — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.31« S4O I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl BTc.. — 130 |L P A A 190 —
Ang!o-Cal .. M 90 I Mer Trust... .235 —
Bank of Cal.420%422%! Merch Ex.... W UH
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 13 T Nation!. — - — '-
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — Sav A L So. . — 10O
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Btt.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 10O Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 200 (Presidio — 43%
Geary — 40 I
POWDER.
Giant ...... 94 e4%fVlgorlt ..... — «*i
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 62% 64 iMakaweU C 2SU 2*%
Honokaa S C 15 15HI Onomea S C. 27% ~>\
Hutch S P C 10 , lO'ifPaauhaa S C. 15% 15*4
Kllauea S C. — • 4%|
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.12tt%127%!Oceanic S Co. 2% 2%
Cal F C vA. — 10O iPac Aux FA. * 4% —
Cal Wine A. — JMH'Pac C Borx.136 117%
MVA MtTm. 96 — I P«c S Tel Co.l» -=-
SALES.
"*T \ -"-. Morning Session.
Board —
25 Onomea Sugar Co ;...... 28 CO
60 Pacific States Tel A Tel Co. ..112 W>
58 F Gas A Electric «O 87%
5 Upring Valley Water Co '. 3S 25
Street —
- - 5 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar. ..... 43 SO
$10.W5O Los Angeles Ry 5 per -cent .... 115 On '
$10,000 Los Ang-Pac R R 1st con Da..lO3 25
° Afternoon Session.
• Board— ' /."...'
6 Giant Powder Con, cash 64 00
' 10 s F Gas A Electric 61 eo
10 Spring Valley Water Co...... 28 25
Street —
.20 Bank of California........... 422 90
Unlisted Securities.
v MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Bid. Ask. f ' BM. Ask.
B L Wat 58.113 115%! S P Co 4%s.lOH4103
MC Wat 5S.10O — I Sun Tel 6s. ..113 —
Rls I Wits 5s — 105 I Suttr-at R59.104 —
SF A NP 5s.lll% — UR of SF 4a. 83% —
S P C R 4S.101U102 r ¦—*>¦>•
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala/S Co... — 28% LonA SF Bk. 43 —
Am«r Bis Co — . 90 r Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.195 —
. Cal GAECor. 45 48 N S R R Co. 9U —
C Jockey C1.11O — . N Cal P Co. » 0*4
Cal Powder.,130 145 Oik Bit Sa*.12O —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oa* T Cot*.. 75 —
Cal T I A- T. 155 ¦ IOOF Hall A 6% — •
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 ¦ Orpheum Co.. — 15J4
Chutes Co.. 5 «% PacC Cas Co.125 —
City A C Bk — 120 . Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.*— ' «% Paraf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 S F Drydock — 61
DpntPwd pfd 75 85 EFASJ Coal. 17% 29
' Do earn ..30 37% S J Wat Co.103% —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO A -MTgbt.125 — .'
Fischer Thtr 10c *40c Swtss-A Bit. .115 V-
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Truck EJeet.. — MH
Gas Con A.. — 21% UR InC pfiL 5*«4 5T
Hono P Cot. 24 — Do com ... 12H —
Do pool .. — 28
. ' SALE3. *
Morning Sess loo. • *.';;"
Board—
S5.C00 United R R of S F 4 per cent. Kl> 2S
$10,000 United R R of 3 F 4 per tent. S3 13 Vi
Afternoon Session.
Boar*— . -
$3,000 United RRofSF 4 per cent. 83 23
Street—
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. S3 28 'I
California Stock and Oil Exchange
I Oil Stock— . Bt4. ' Aakei
Associated Tmrt Certificates n»;,
1 California Standard 17 ......
. Clarerr.ont Ti-
Four «m *•• •••• • •» '
Giant 1«
Hcmo .• ,•••¦ 1 40-
Independence ,,.».» 2*. '2JIJ*'
Junction .ft! OS
Mcnarclipeil .*.:.....* ' **V
Mont* Crtsto «. . .... • O-.
EASTERN 1HABKETS. 1
NEW YORK. Oct. 3. — The London tin mar
ket reported another advance, with spot quoted
at £128 12» Oil and futures at £128 15s. Lo
cally the market was a shade highA- in sym
pathy, being held at $28 10@2S SO.
Copper was also a shade higher In London,
closing at £58 5s for spot and £68 7s (3d for
futures. Locally tha market shows a steadier
tone, but is without material change. Lake is
held at $12 7.Vq 1.'.. electrolytic at $12 75®
12 87% and casting at $12 50#12 62%. Exports
of copper for the month of September are re
ported as 20.409 tons; for the nine months so
far, 178.000 tone, against t'5,880 tons for the
corresponding period last year.
• Lead was unchanged at $4 201M 30 In the lo
cal market and at £11 17s Cd in London.
Spelter was unchanged at $5 10@6 20 in New
York and at £22 7s 6d )n London.
Iron closed at 60s 3d in Glasgow and at 43s
3d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No. I foundry. Northern, is quoted
at $13 75®14 25; No. 2 foundry, Northern,
tl3 25@13 60; No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No.
1 foundry, Southern, soft, $13 50@13 75.
New York Metal Market.
• Aside from a slight advance In the lower
and medium grades of Eastern Eggs and in
Oregon Cheese there was no change in quota
tions yesterday. The Butter and Egg markets
were In precisely the same situation as at the
close of last week, and the Cheese market also.
The choice grades of all three are In moderate
supply and the markets show no tendency,
either up or down. ¦
Receipts were 51,300 lbs Butter, 494 cases
Eggs and 30,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, . 2Sc
for extras and 26627c for firsts; dairy. 210
24c; cold storage 24c; store Butter, 170.0c;
Eastern creamery.. 21%(p23c; ¦ Eastern ladle*
packed 16<@17c per lb.
CHEESE — 10@llc for choice mild new and
8 Vaf'.lc for lower grades: young Americas,
llfr~H&e; Oregon, 9@llc; Eastern, 10615c per
pound.
EGGS — Ranch. 39c for large white se
lected. 37%@3Sc for choice and 33336c for
common: cold storage, 27%$30c: store, nom
inal; Eastern, 25@2Sc.for firsts and 22@24c for
seconds and 21c for bakers'. *
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March.
Opening 7 8 "9«i
Closing 7% 7.9%
PARIS. .
Wheat— Oct Jan.rApl.
Opening 24 20 25 15
Closing 23 95 26 10
Flour—- . " .
Opening 31 70 32 90
Closing 31 55 32 80
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. i 3.— WOOL— Steady. , Ter
ritory and Western mediums, 2£@25c; fine
medium. 17018c; fine, 15© 16c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct, 3.— WHEAT: For export
— Walla Walla. 81(@S2c; bluestem, 86c; valley,
8,'c. For Eastern markets — Walla Walla, 84c;
Bluestem, 87 c. . v
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 3.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Bluestem, 87c; Club, 83c >
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 3.— Clearings, $940,076; bal
ances, S214.422. -. •
TACOMA, Oct. 3. — Clearings, $645,893; bal
ances, $42,716. .' ¦¦ . . • .'
PORTLAND, Oct. 3.-iClearings, $1,006,318;
balances, $125,330.
SPOKANE. Oct. 3.— Clearings, $844,208; bal
ances, $154,246. ;
Two cars of Western Poultry were marketed
an«J met with a fair inquiry- There waa prac
tically no market for domestic stock, as most
dealers were filling their wants with Wes.tern.
Game still showed the effects of the" hot
weather in the interior and prices were weaker
all around. Gray Geese were offering and met
with prompt sale.
FOULTRT— Live Turkeys, old. 14@15o per
lb for Gobblers and 15016c for Hens: young
Turkeys. 20@23o per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 5O
61 75: Goslings, $1 75@2 : Ducks. $4 6095 per
dozen for old and frcSfj for young; Hens, $4 50
65 for small and $5 .">(Vgii for large; young
Roosters, $4 60S5: old Roosters. $4 50£5: Fry
ers. $3 60@4; Broilers, $2 60@3; Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50f|2 for Squab*.
GAME— Wild Doves. &0c@$l per dozen; Gray
Geese, $4 per dozen; Hare. 75c@$l 60 per dozen;
Rabbits, $1 7302 per dozen for Cottontails and
$1 60 for Brush. . . ,
Poultry and Game.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5©5*4c; San Quentin.
S4 5O : Wool Bag*, 30@32c; Fleece Twine 7%c:
Fruit Bags. 6%©7%c for white and 7o for
brown jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 50;
Beaver Hill. S5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 60; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 la
b. : and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $11; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 &0Q13 per ton In bulk and, $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $s 50 per short
ton. . - ' •
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 63c per gallon for boiled and
61c for raw; Castor Oil. in rases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 lfrgrl 1"; Lucol, 60c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
6."i&S0c per gallon: Cocoa nut Oil. in barrels.
"Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil €Se; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleac&rd winter Whale
OH' 57c; natural Whale Oil, 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 76c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatafoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatafoot OIL
63c; light Herring Oil. '42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c.* boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil ra bulk,
13c; Pearl OH. tn-eaees. 19%c; Astral. l»%c;
Star. 19%c: Extra Star 24c; Elaine. 28c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized -Stove Gasoline In bulk.
16c; in cases. 22 %c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; la
cases, 19%c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 23c;
in cases. 31c. . •
TUKPEXTIXK — 81e per gallon In easea and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7«»
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%©7%C. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quptes as follows, per lb in 160-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 8.23e;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse*
6c; Fruit Granulated 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-Ib bags only). — '—• Confectioners' A 6c;
Magnolia A. 6.60c: Extra. C. 6.60c; Golden C
6.40c; "D," 6.30c; barrels, 10c more; . half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 60c more: 60-lk bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
8. 60c; boxes. 6.75c; H. It E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for leas taaa
seventy -five barrels or its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn 50cffl per
sack or crate: String and Wax Brans 2%&4c
per lb; Lima Beans, 3@3>jc per lb; Tomatoes,
l5Q35c per box: Summer Squash. 30S50c per
box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per eack;
Cucumbers. 35€50c per box; Pickle Cucum
bers, .".0c a$l 25 per box; Garlic. 4Vi<@4%c per lb;
Egg Plant. 35©50c per box; Dried Peppers,
nominal; Green Okra, 35650c per box; Green
Peppers. 35©50c per box; Marrowfat Squash.
{15 per ton.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 60®
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, SI 10<&l 30 per
ctl; Sweet Potatoes, Slgl 15 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1«>1 15 per ctl.
Potatoes continue to arrive freely and as
sticks were already far in excess of the de
mand the market was weak and Salinas Bur
banks were 1 quoted lower. Four cars of Sweets
*ere on sale, causing an easier market. Oniony
lost the advance gained on Saturday, all ship
ping orders having been filled. . ,
. The market for miscellaneous vegetables was
generally weak, with large lines of most de
scriptions available at the inside quotations.
Receipts of Tomatoes continued heavy and in
cluded much wet and leaking stcck. Some
dealers offered supplies to canners at 7%@loc
per box, but the latter were running t to full
capacity on contract stock and the offers were,
refused. ' .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Internal Revenue Collections.
The collections cf lstemal revenue in the
Fan Frar.c!sco district In September, 1904.
- --« a* follows:
Li«s $ 1.806 84
-'..- ctampa ...... -..»„. 90,312 50
>.r*:r. spirits 94,288 69
Vruit spirits S5.S25 07
I^xpons *. 20
• (-L.-6 aad cigarettes 21,069 65
Snuff — ....,,... 46 65
Tcbaccs »¦¦...—»¦. 1,824 11
Fpecial taxes ¦ ., 7.122 56
Playing carda , 28 20
Total .$253,822 17
In September, 1903, the eoQections were
$2,3,014.
Wasliington Crop Bulletin.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section di
rector, Usited States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Ocs> Bulletin, week ended Sep
tember 27. Is as follows:
.-e week ha* been warm and ahov* the
normal i& both the western and eastern pox*
tlCOS cf the Slate. Tiio drought was some
what broken by light r&in on the 21st. which
coal&iMd In extreme eactern portion to 23d.
where the rainfall we* considerably more
than on the west aid* of the Cascades. It
revived the vegetation, extinguished forest
fires and laid the dust to some extent. - but
•. _s not euificiect to moisten the earth to any
considerable fiei>th. which is needed for fail
.-..:. Fall wheat ecedlng is progressing
'-:...;. *.¦:. tiimmtr fallowed ground, and in
•jine instances wheat is coming up. The
season's wheat crop is practically all threshed
and rtcred ia warehouses. The yield varied
according to the locality and the winter wheat
«ave a better average than the spring. In
••:a« sections the 3'ieid was quite heavy and
'.a others light, but taken as a whole the
yield per acre may be eaid was below the
average. Hop piclccg is sciahed and the yield
is below the average, although the quality is
good. The potato yield in some localities is
reported good and in others light, but the
QUllty Is excellent. Fall and winter apples
will be a good crop, but small in sise. In
Whitman County farmers are getting ready to
haul their sugar beets. •
Fruit Crop Report.
(From the Crop Bulletin. United States De
partment ot Agrioultur*. Washington, D. C.
for week ended September 19. 1W04.)
A Itsht and inferior crop ot apples is in
dicated in a majority of t»e States of the
Central valJeys, but in Michigan and Ohio
and the northern portion of the Middle Atlantic
rotates, as well a* in New England, this
fruit is plentiful. e*p«clall» in the last named
e+ctlon, where a large crop x,l fine quality Is
remised. High winds ot tae 14th and 15th
caused much daxnage to app»es in portions
of tbe Middle Atlantic States and New Eng
land.
N>w England— Apples much damaged by
wind oo 15th in eouth portion, elsewhere col
oring well and a large crop of fine quality
indicated.
New Tork— Grapes good, but damaged by
rot. hope secured in good condition; apples
damajred by high winds ; gooa crop generally.
New Jersey— Very h*avy rains 14th; de
structive high winds I5th did immense dam
ar<* in all sections; fully one-half apples and
I»ars blown off tree*-; top frun bruised; cran
berry picking procresrjnjr.
Pennsylvania— High winds night of 14th
caused fruiu to drop; apples promising: other
fruit* plentiful; rr>t in srrape S mrrea*-nr.
Maryland and Delaware — Fruit blown oft
and orchards broken by heavy storm of 14th.
Virginia— Fruit slightly injured by storm;
«XTles ecarce.
Florida — Fruit fair quality; aome complaint
of oranges dropping.
Louisiana — fugar case flourishing; large
tonnage anticipated.
Arkansa.* — •¦ : ; .;• >. dropping; fair crop; me
dium quality indicated.
Tennessee— Apple crop fairly good.
Kentucky— Winter apples continue to de
ten orate.
Missouri— Peaches good; apple* poor.
Illinois— Pears, plums and grapes plentiful;
titles scarre in southern half.
Indiana— Apple crop lighi; u-.uch fruit de-
T(* ti\-e; grapes abundant.
West Virginia— Winter apples falling and
ahnut half a crop indicated.
Ohio— Apples and peaches good; pears, plums
and grapes plentiful.
Michigan— Sugar beets look plentiful; apples
promising.
I°wa — Apple harvest well advanced.
Nebraska — Apples fair to light.
Kansas — Apples fair.
Colorado— Apples heavy crop.
T'tah— Fruit above average.
Washington— Hep picking will t* finished
this week; apptes dropping; crop good; other
fruit liiht.
Orecon— Dmupht injuring a.^les; hop har
vest nearly Completed: yield Delow average;
quality good; late apples small, but promise
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
, CATTLE— Steers. 7%«p7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%&6%c: thin Cows. 466c per lb.
CALVES— 4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%G3%c; Ewes.' 3ff3Ko
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50fc2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under 4%e*
over 250 lbs. 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 per cent oft; Boars, 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. . .
DRESSED MEAT3.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5%87c for Steers and 485c per Ik
for Cows.
VEAL — Larse. 6%@7%c: small. 7@9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. *©7%c; Ewes. 6©7o
per lb. , .
LAMB— 869c per lb.
PORK — Dreaced Hogs. 6Q8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Beef Is quoted weak under heavy arrivals
from Nevada. Otherwise th« demand and sup
ply about balance and the market shows no
new feature
APRICOTS — Are without material* change,
with choice held at 9%@10c; extra choice, li>U
©10%c; fancy, ll@13c.
PEACHES — Also are well maintained around
recent figures, with choice. quoted at 8>488%c;
extra choice, S*4€9c; fancy, 9%@10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues light in demand and rather easy in
tone, though the absence of important offer
ings is a factor in maintaining quotations
around recent levels. Common are held at 4@
5c; prime, 5 J MS5>ic; choice. 5»ifi«c; faftcy,
•*U@7e. . . "
PRUNES — Seem to show a little easier tone,
owing, it is reported, to purchases of parties
on the coast shore for October shipments. Spot
are unchanged at 2c to 5%c, according to
grade.
DRIED FRUITS.
BUTTER — Irregular; street price, extra
creamery, 2Ofi-fr21c; official prices, creamerj'i
common to extra. 13<g20«ic; State dairy com
mon to extra, 13@19%c.
CHEESE— Stronger; State full cream, small,
fancy colored and white. 10%c; State, poor to
prime, M/10',ic; larce, colored, white, good to
fancy. H%@10c; large, white, poor to fancy.
7%©9%c
EGUri — Weak; Western fair selected, 21 %@
22c; Western average best, 2OS21C.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice,
8%c; mild, quiet. The market for coffee fu
tures opened steady at a decline of .VJ10 points.
Sales were reported of 26,500 bags, including
October at 6.65c; December. 6.80®-6.85c;
March. 7.10<cf7.15c; May. 7.30@7.35c; July, 7.45
©7.50c: Stptember, 7.«0c
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 teat, 4 5-16c; molasses sugar,
3%c; refined, quiet. No. 6, 4.75c; No. 7, 4.70c;
No. S. 4.60c; No. 9. 4.55e; No. 10, 4.50e; No.
11. 4.40c; No. 12. 4.35c; No. 13. 4.30c; Ne. 14,
4.3©r; confectioners' A. 5c: mold A, 5.50c;
crushed, 5.85c; powdered, 5.25c; granulated,
5.15c; cubes, 5.40c.
oo 1 !?^ TORK . Oct. 3.— FLOUR— Re»ipta,
23.500 barrels; exports, 37,000 barrels. Market
steady, with moderate demand.
WHEAT— Receipts. 17,900 barrels. Spot,
steady: No. 2 red, $1 17 elevator and SI 17%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 23
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened weak under the
influence of heavy world's shipments, lower
cables and big Northwest receipts, but, getting
later strong support at Chicago, prices finally
recovered and in the last half hour held firm,
partly on reports of poor chipping wheat grad
ing, with the close partly %c net higher.
May, SI 13 13-16«$1 15 Vi, closed $114%; De
cember.- $1 14 13-Iti&l 16%-; closed, $1 16.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDEB— Firm. • -
WOOL-^Steady. ' .
New York Grain and Produce.
Meat- Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— Cotton futures opened
easy. November, 9.83c; December, 10.00c;
January, 10.05c; February, 10.10c; March.
10.15c; April, 10.16c; May, 10.23c; June, 10 23c-
July. 10.25c. •
Cotton futures closed steady. October, 9.80c-
November. 9.83c; December, 9.90c: January,
9.9oc; March, 10.05c; April, 10.00c; May, 10.l*e.
Spot closed quiet, 20 points decline. Mid
dling Uplands, 10.30c; Middling Gulf, 10.55c;
sales, 2SO0 bales.
A medium lot of new large White Beans
fold yesterday at *2 30, and as high as $2 50
is quoted for choice. The crop of Ltmas is now
reported at about 60 or 60 per cent of that of
last year, and this description Is quoted very
firm in all positions. Pinks and Small Whites
are also firm. The other kinds remain quiet
and featureless.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 15@2 50: Pea, $2 90<83 10;
flutters. $2 75@3; small White. $2 ixVa.t 15;
large White, $2 20®2 50; Pink, nominal;
Red, $3 75#4; Lima. $3 90@4; Red Kidneys,
$4©4 23- Blackeyes. $2 35S2 65 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 83£2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax, $1 90@2 25; Canary 6%'
©7c; Alfalfa. 16c; Rape, 1%©2%c; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%©3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
<?3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2£2 25; new Green
Peas. $292 25 per cti.
SHEEP— Receipts, 21.000; steady to strong.
Western yearlings, $3 6004; wethers. $3 40>@
3 80; ewes, J3@3 50: common and stockers,
$2 25®3 75; lamb*, $4 50(85 10.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Oct. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts.
6000: market lOc.lo««r. Native steers, $4@
6;_ cows and heifertT $2 40^3 75; Western
steer% $3S4 40; Texas steers, $2 70@3 60; range
cows and heifers. $2 15@3 25; canners, $1 50®
2 10: etockers and feeders, $2 25f?3 90; calves.
$3@5 25; hulls and stags, $1 5O@3.
HOGS — Receipts. 3500; market 6c lower.
Heavy. $5 60f?5 70: mixed, $5 H.VK5 70; light,
$5 7005 85; pigs. $5@5 60; bulk of sales, $5 60
®5 72^. • "-
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000; * steady to 10c
lower.. Muttons. $."?5?3 85: lambs. J $4!g5 25;
range wethers, $8 ; 25'g.3 80; : ewes.. S2.75®3 60.
Omaha.
. Kansas City.
KANSAS C1TT, Oct. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
17,000: steady to strong. Native steers, $3 75
<g6; native cows and ' heifers, - $1 60@4 75;
stockers and feedem. $2 2504; bulls, $1 7.VS
3 50; calves. $2 60<g5 50: Western steers, S3®
4 25: Western cows, $1 C0t33 25. % '
HOGS — Receipts, 3000; steady to 6c lower.
Bulk' of sales. $5 75ft. -» 90; heavy. $5 85*r5 95;
packers, $5-75<g5 95; pigs and light, $5 65@
5 85.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2600;
steady. Good to prime steers, $5 60@6 40; poor
to medium, $3 50£5 25; stockers and feeders,
$2 25© 4 25; cows, $1 35@4 3#; heifers, $1 75 @
4 60; cannern, $1 35S2 25; bulls. $2®4: calves.
$3 754(7: Texas fed steers, $3@5; Western
steers, $3®4 80. i- . -
HOGS — Receipts, 25.000; to-morrow 14,000;
uteady. Choice heavy. $5 W8U 10; rough
heavy, $5 40@5 75; light, $5 50@6 10; bulk of
sales. $5 75@5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 40,000; lower. Lambs,
weak. Good to choice wethers. $3 75@4 30;
fair to choice mixed, $3 25@3 75; Western
sheep, $3@4; native lambs, $4 25@5 90; West
ern lambs, $4 35<S5 30.
Chicago.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Beans and Seeds.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $160,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, enows: Available cash
balance, $152,379,<r- > 3; gold, $73,478,330.
Condition of the Treasury.
CHICAGO, Oct. 8.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, 14@2Oc; dairies, 13917c; . eggs,
steady 'at mark, cases included, 14017%c;
flrsu, 18c; price firsts, 20c; cheese, firm. 9%tc
ELGIN, 111., Oct. 3.— BUTTER— Firm and
unchanged from last week at 20c a pound.
Sales for the week, 687,000 pounds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
It is estimated that nearly 90 per cent of the
California crop of Hops has passed out of fijst
hands, 50 per cent of the Oregon. 60 per cent
of tbe Washington and 70 per cent of the New
York crop. The markets all over the world
continue very firm.
HIDES AN'p SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %<31c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. 8%e; Cow
Hides. 8%e for heavy and 8%e for llgbt;
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip 7%e; Salted Veal. 10c;
Ealted Calf, lie; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 234}
40c each; short Wool. 4O@65c each; medium.
75690c; long Wool, $101 60; Horse Hides,
salt $2 75 for targe and $2®2 60 for medium.
$1 25@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium. Sl@l 25 for small and 50c for Colta.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 76c: extra large do.
$1 25; large. 60c; medium. 35c : small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 464 Vic per lb:
No. 2. 3%c: Grease. 2%®3c.
.. WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 9@llc; Southern. 8©9e; Southern Moun
tain. 9@llc; Middle Counties, free. 12Q14e;
do. defective. 10©12c; Northern free. 12j}14c:
do, defective, 10@V-'e: Humboldt and Mendo-
Cino, 14©15c per lb • .
HOPS— 1904 crop. 26@29c per lb. * ¦ ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
the Southern Paciflo Company was due yester
day. The last installment of 50 per cent, or
$50 per share, will be due December 1.
Bids for the purchase of $4.673. COO of tha
authorized issue of San Francisco municipal
bond* closed at 3 p. m. yesterday.
Ex-coupon yesterday: Omnibus Cabl* Rail
way 6s. 1918. regular semi-annual, amounting
to $50,000. . q
Esperanxa Oil Company has declared a reg
ular - monthly dividend of lc per share,
amounting to $1250, - payable October 8.
William H. High, ope of the State Bank
Commissioners, has been appointed manager
of the San Francisco branch of tha Inter
national Banking Corporation and will, there
fore, resign from the Commission, leaving a
vacancy to be filled by Governor Pardee."
Dividends paid during September on oil
stocks listed on the California Stock and Oil
Exchange amounted to $79,650, makii-z a total
of $5,649,820 paid by these companies and
not' as before stated.
Of yesterday's Hay receipts of 835 tons 410
tons were In cars. The market ruled firm for
the upper grades, but rain stained lots were
neglected. Prices were unchanged. There was
nothing new in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $20g21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24@2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20@21 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50@24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 5O@32 SO;
jobbing, $33; Cocoa nut Cake, $22023: Corn
"Meal. S30 60631 50: Cracked Corn. $31332;
Mixed Feed. $22622 r,0: Horse Beans, $30040
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl
HAT— Wheat. $9013 50. with $U@14 60 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. $8@13; Oat, $S@12;
Baney and Oat. $8<gll; Volunteer Wild Oat,
$6 BO09; stable. $7® 8 50; stock. $» 6007:
Clover. $8910; Alfalfa. $0@12 per ton.
STRAW— 30650c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Do pfd 84»4iUn!on PacifJo 105%
Erie 33V, | Do pfd »5>4
Do lsttffd 70% U S SteeL 19U
Do 2d pfd 4S I Do pfd 76V4
HI Central l*4UI"Waba8h 21U
I/ont" & N*a»h 131*1 1 Do pfd 43li
M. K & Teiaa... 25 ! Spanish 4s $8%
Bar silver — Steady. 26% d per oune».
Money— l%ei% ptr cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
¦hort bills )» 2 1-16 per cent and for three*
months' bills 2V4S2 8-16 per cent.
Con« for mon«y.. 88*41 N\Y Central.... .131
Do for acct. .88 1-161 Nor. A "Western... 72«4
Anaconda 4%\ Do pfd 92'
Atchison K>K Ont & Western... 36H
DodM 109 Vi I Pennsylvania .... 63
Bait & Ohio 92% Rand Mines 10H
Can Pacific 137K Reading 35%
Ches & Ohio 46^4 Do 1st pfd 43 V
Chi Great West.. 17*4 Do 2d pfd 49«4
Chi. MU & St P.lM«!So Railway 34U
De Beers lfi^J Do pfd B7«
Den A Rio G.... 30 I So Pacific ....... n!U£
London Closing Stocks.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
SI 15@1 18; No. S, $1 15@1 IS; No. 2 red,
$1 12>4@1 14%; No. 2 corn. 63c; No. 2 yellow,,
S5Kc: No. 2 oats, S0%c; No. 2 white, 30%c;
No. % white, 81g32*ic; No. 2 rye. 75c; good
feeding barley. 36@37c; fair to choice malting,
37%©4!Jc; No. 1 flaxseed, SI 16%; No. I North
western, $1 17%; mess pork, per bbl. $11 8i>®
11 90; lard, per 100 lbs, S7 8O@7 82%; /short
ribs sides (loose), $7 87% $8; short clear sides
(boxed), *S 5068 75; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 26%; clover, contract grade. $12 15.
Articles — ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,800 17,800
Wheat, bushels 820,100 31,800
Corn, bushels 162,200 ' 400,700
Oats, bushels 149,400 177,300
Rye, bushels 9,000 6,100
Barley, bushels 206,000 13,000
level. The aAvaooo of St. Paul was appar
ently designed to sustain the rest of the mar
ket and with its 3% per cent semi-annual
dividend deducted it looked cheap and was
correspondingly easy to advance. It was the
only effective point of resistance in the mar
ket until the appearance of the Government's
estimate of the condition of cotton at noon,
which led to a break in cotton and a com
parative advance in the cotton carrying stocks,
except Southern Railway and Louisville and
Nashville, which, were burdened with profit
taking on their former advances. On the rally
there were points of strength In the trunk line .
group, but Pennsylvania was a conspicuous :
exception. The industrials also rallied strong
ly. Including United States Steel preferred,
Amalgamated Copper and Lead and Sugar.
The t-ffeotlve influence In holding the late
market firm to the close was the. resumption
of the Btrocg upward movement In United
States Steel preferred t«v 76%. Rumors were
reiterated of a renewal of the conversion priv
ilege of the .preferred stock into bond*, but the
official sanction was forthcoming for this re
port. Time money was quoted a little firmer
and the downward course of sterling exchange
was checked. Gold was marked up in Londoa
and the course of sterling at Paris and the
weak return of tbe Imperial Bank of Ger
many Indicated that New York would find
rivals and demand on London for gold.
Bonds were irregular. Total sales, 'par
T&Jue, $4.5OS.O0f. United States bonds were
unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close,
Atchison 18,aCK> fcSH 82% 83
Atchison pfd .... 1,200 100% 10O IOOI4
Bait & Ohio 12.300 90% tS9%t 90%
Halt *r Ohio pfd .... 93
Canadian Pacific... 3,700 132 13Ui 1;«%
Central of N J 600 182% 182 182
Chesapeake & Ohio 1S.200 45% 44% 45%
Chicago & Alton... 100 39% 39%* 39%
Chi & Alton pfd 81
Chi & Gt West 1,400 15%' 16% ltSU
Chi t ff W 400 100 . 189% 189%
Chi M & St P 42.C0O lOlrfS 158% 158ft
Chi M & St P pfd ; . . 181
Chi Term & Trans ttu
Chi T & T pfd 1 • 14'
C C C & St Louis.. 1,300 82% SI 81
Colo Southern ... 1,100 19% 10% liHi
Colo So 1st pfd 1,300 51% 61- 61
Colo So 2d pfd... 2.100 27 Vi 28 26%
Delaware & Hud.. 4,£oo 171% 170 170%
Del Lack & Weet.. frOO 295% 294 295
Denver & Rio O... 700 29 29 28
Denver & R G pfd. 100 81 U 61% 81
Erie 119,31.0 33 31% 32%:
Erie in pfd b.bOO 6S% 68 60%
Erie 2d pfd 4.400 47% 4fi% 47»i
Hocking Valley 500 82 82 82
Hocking Valley pfd 89»i
Illinois Central ... 2.5O0 140% 139% 140% '
Iowa Central 100 25^ 25 % 23
Iowa Central pfd 4»5»4
K C Southern 24 .
K C So pfd .... 46
Louisville & Nash. 9,200 12H% 127^i 128%
Manhattan L.... .. eoo 154 154 154-
Slet Securities 9.000-85 »»3 84%
Met St Ry 5.200 122 120% 121 »i
Minn & St L 5fl
M St P & 8 S M.. 1.500 75% 75 75U
M 8 P 4 E S M pM 30O 130% 130 129
Missouri Pacific ..41.500 $»% 07% 97%
Missouri K & T. .. 4.7O0 24*j, 24% 24%
M K & T pfd 10,700 60% 4» 50%
Nat R R of M pfd 39%
New York Ontral. 6,9<V) 127U 12«»i 12<5%
Norfolk & Western 27.S0O 73% 70% 73
Norfolk & W pfd J*>%
Ontario A Western k'^O 35% 34% 351,
Pennsylvania 3,800 la^% 131% 132%
Pitts C C Sc St L. 400 71 70 71
Reading 30. or*) 69% ffi>% «9%
Reading 1st pfd 700 86% ks' 85%
Reading 2d pfd 2O<> 78 78 77 '
Rock Island Co 2.400 2»% 2J>% 29Vi
Rork If land Co pfd 3,100 72% 72 72%
St L & 8 F 2d pfd 700 59% 58% 68%
St L S W 21,100 22 21% 22
Rt L & S W rfd.. «.2«0 4S% 47«4 48%
Southern Pacific... 21,800 57% 6flT« 57%
Southern Railway. 23,200 23% 32% 33%
Southern Ry pfd... 10<> 95 95 94%
"!>xas & Pacific... 11.600 32T<; 31% 3^i;
Toledo St L & W.. l.snn 32*4 31 y. 31 »i
T St L & W pfd.. 1.4Of) 51% 51 51
t'nion Pacific 67,800 IO.I14 102 102%
Union Pacific pfd. 100 93 0.1 92%
Wabash 2.200 21 2OV4 20%
Wabash pfd 6,W*> 42% 42 42U
Wheeling & L E.. 100 17% 17% 17%
Wisconsin Cent.... 1,100 20% 2ft 20
Vis Cent pfd KOO 45% 45 44»I
Mexican Central... 5,100 14% 13 T -J 13%
Express Companies —
Adams 2TU>
American 100 2ll> 210 20S
United Ptates 200 120 110 120
Wells-Fargo -. 235
Miscellaneous •
Amalg Copper 36.000 69 " 58% B9«4
Aroer C & F 1,WO 23% 22% 23S
Amer C * F pfd... 100 R0% W>% • 80%
Amer Cotton Oil... 600 30 * 29% 29U '¦
Amer Cot Oil pfd M
Amer Ice 300 7% 7% 7%
Atr*r Ice pfd 3, COO 33 32% 32 T i
Amer Lin Oil .... 12
Atrer Lin Oil pfd 30
Amer Locomotive.. 2,700 27% 27 27'4
Amer Loco pfd 300 97 06% JW114
Amer Smelt & R... 2.«00 «7«4 6«% fl«5«
Amer S & R T>fd... 500 10S 108 107»i
Amer Sugar Ref... g.600 132% lZlV t 131%
Anaconda Min Co .... 93%
Brook Rap Transit. 83,000 RS% 66% Cs'.i
Colo Fuel & Iron... 700 37 35% 8fiti
Consolidated Qaa .. 9,200 212% 210 211%
Corn Products 800 15Ti 15% 15H
Corn Products pfd. 30O 71% 71 70>4
DisUllers* 6ecuri... 2.000 29^4 28»4 2S%
G«n«ra» ElectHc... 4O0 173?i 173% 172%
International Paper 700 18 17% 17%
Intntl Paper pfd... 400 76U 76 76
Intntl Pump - 32
Intntl Pump pfd .... 19
National Lend 17,500 26U 24% 25«
North American ... 200 95% 05% 95%
Pacific Mail 700 34% 33% 34
People's Gas 2.300 ltt$% 102% iKW.
Pressed Steel Car.. 2.000 34% 34 34«4
Pr St<~?l Car pfd — 79
Pull Pn lace Car 221
Republic Steel 9,600 11 10%. 30**
Republic Bte*l pfd. 8,000 52% W)«4 52^4
Rubber Ooods 400 21% 21% 21%
Rubber Oonds pfd 83%
Tenn Coal tk Iron.. 6.400 49% 4*% 49%
i; P leather 3.800/ 10 0% ttV.
U S Leather pfd... 700 87T4 87% S7%
C S Realty 1.200 Cl fil% fi2
U S Rubber 2.K00 24 >'2S% 23%
U S Rubber pfd.... 700 79% 78% 79
TT P Fteel 46.fKX) 19% 18% 19U
I* S Bteel pfd 124.900 70% 73% 76%
Westinghouse Elec. 400 ics 164% 1C4
Western Unicn .... 600 91 90% 91
Total sales LC01.500 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
TJ S ref 2s reg..lO4%!r, & X unified 4s 101%
Do coupon 104%; Man con gold 4s.lC4U
Do Ss reg 104 «i Mex Central 4s... fi8%
Do eoupo» 105V; d 0 1st Inc..*... n%
Do new 4s reg. 131% Minn & St L 4s.. 94^
Do coupon 131%|m. K & Texas 4s. 101
Do old 4s reg.lC"5%| Do 2ds gi "
Do coupon lOesiNR of Mex con 4s 7614
Ateh gea 4s 101% N Y C gen 3%s..lO«V
Do adj 4s 97 SJC gen Bs!...134U
Atlantic C L 4s. !»8HI Xor Pacific 4s.... 10411
Bait & Ohio 4B..101T4I Do 3s 74s;
Do 3%s »4\4INor A W con 4s.lOO'i
Central of Ga 6«.U2%tOSL 4s & partlc. mU,
Do lft Jnc 8.1 Pa conv 3%*.... 99%
Ches & Ohio 4Us.lO5% Reading ren 4s...ico*i
Chi A Alton S%s. 80H S L & I M con Bs.lM'i
C. B & Q new 4p. 91%\ S L & S F fg 4*. *>7
CM & RPira 4F.loowtfit Louis SW lst». 98*1
C * NW con 7s.l2Sv4 P*aboard A L,4%. 80
C. R I * P»c *». 77 Sc Pacific 4s 94»*
Do col 5s R'1% So Railway 5s.... 111%
C.C.C & ELtn O.102U Tex & Pac lstB..12O
Chi Terra it 77H!Tol. St L * W 4a. 78W
Con« Tobacco 4s. 73^1 Union Pacific 4s.. 105^
Colo ft So 4s.... «0%l Do eonr 4b ....106«t
C T & I con 5s. 78 \XJ. R Pteel 2d 5«.. f«%
Den & "Rio G 4s.lO01{ I Wabash lets .118%
Erie prior Hen 4s. !>9%! Do deb B 66H
I>o r«n 4» ..... KS |W.ft-L Erie 4s... eou
T" W A- I> C Ii.ta.110 IW1» .Central 4s... SOU
Hock Val 4«i«...108%{ • ; _ '"
KBW. TORK MININO STOCKS.
Adams Con ..... Shuttle Chief 05
Alice ......„.'... Sr.lOotarlo 3 BO
Bre«c« •. lSlOpblr .....; .'2 25
Cash Grain and Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 8O3
i 10, usual trnns; Bakers' Extras, $4 7095;
Oregon and Washington jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. S3 2S per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 SO; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats. $1; Hominy,
$3 6003 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 B0; Rolled Oats bbls. $6 5O@7 50; In
sapks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 60; 'Green Peas $5*60 per 100 lbs.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%e; three
half bbls. 8Kc; one tierce, 8%e; two tierces.
fee;' n»e tierces. 7%e per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c« per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 10c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 10^c;
10-lb tins, 10%c; fi-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb tins,
lie . .
CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll%o per lb for
heavy. 11 %c for light medium. 14c for light.
14%c for extra light and 17c for sugar,
cured; dry salt Sides. 10*c; Bellies, 13o{
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13 Vic; Mess Beef. $10aid 50 per
bbl: extra Mess $11811 60; Family, $12913 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 60; extra clear. $24;
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork, 10%e; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per Ik.
Allfdescnptions remained unchanged yester
day. Vith a quiet market.
Provisions.
Flour and Millsiuffs.
Boston Stocks and Bonds. . j
Money— I United Fruit ....103 I
Call loans 2%©3% u S Steel 18%
Time loans 4 #5 I Do pfd ...75
Bonds — I Westing Common. 83
Atthison 4s 101% Mining-
Do adj 4s 96% Adventure 3^4 1
Mex Central 4s... 66 Allouez. 13 i
Railroads— | Amal Copper 69# J
Atchison 82%iAmer Zinc 11%
Do pfd 100>4 Atlantic 13% 1
Boston & Albany.249 Bingham 26% I
Boston & Malne.165 Calumet & Hecla.520. ¦
Boston Elev 155 Centennial 27U i
Kitchburg pfd. ». .137 HI Copper Range ... 57 1
Mex Central 14>4lDaly West ....;.. 14 i
N T. N H & H. .191*4 Dom Coal 68 '
Pere Marquette. . . 74 Franklin 8
Union Pacific 102% Isle Royal* 21 I
Miscellaneous — | Mass Mining .... '4% !
Amer Arge Chem. 15% | Michigan 7%
Do pfd 77 IMobawk 47% I
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% I Mont Coal & Coke 4% i
Amer Sugar 1182 Old Dominion ... 19%. I
Do pfd 133 Oeceola S2% •
Amer Tel &¦ Tel. 139 Parrot 24
Amer Woolen ... 14% Quincy , ©2
Do pfd 81 Shannon 4%
Dom Iron A S... 14 Tamarack 115 !
Ed Elect nium...257H Trinity 7«
Gen Electric : . . .170%t U-S Mining 21%
Mass Blectrie 14 I U S Oil ; 11
Do pfd 68 lUtah 41
Mass Ga» 42UIVlctorla 4
Un Shoe Mach... B2%!Winona 8%
Do pfd 31 | Wqjverlna 90
, SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS..
New York stocks unsettled and irregular. Cotton lower.
Comstock mining shares active and higher. Other stocks quiet.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley markets show little dtange.
Oat market well supplied and quiet. Corn dull.
Choice Hay firm. Feedstuff s steady and unchanged.
Lima Bean crop considerably less than last year's.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese exhibit little variation.
California Walnut crop much larger than last year's.
Potatoes and Onions in ftee supply and weaker.
Tomatoes coining in wet and leaking.
Poultry in cm pie supply and easy. Game in bad condition*
Wine Grapes lower under heavy arrivals of wet stock.
Hops very firm all over the world.
Provisions still quiet and without feature.
Beef zveak under heavy arrivals from Nevada.
Bruns Con 0S| Phoenix.. 15
Com Tunnel .... lOjPotosi 15
Con Cal & Va... 1 35 < Savage _. 31
Horn Silver 1 55! Sierra Nevada..".. "37
Iioa Silver 1 85| Small Hopes 27
Leadville Con ... 021 Standard 1 90
The crop of Walnuts In California this year.
according to R. C. Burns, a grower In tha
southern part of the i State, will, approach 800
carloads, or nearly 300 carloads more than last
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots, •7%©S*e for
Royals and 9©12c for Mooroarks; Nectarines,
5%<g7c for White and 5#®6%c for. Red;
Peaches, 6%^S%c per • lb; Pears,- 7©
12c; Plums, pitted 6®«%c • for black, ses%o
for red and 7@8%c for yellow: Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 50c; 3-crown. 55c; 4-erown.- 60c: •-
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2%S3c; black. i%e.
Evaporated Apples 5%O7c per lb. ' - }
PRUNES — lH31%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2\ic baala for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop -I. o. b. Fret no—Im
perial clusters. $2 2562 60; Dehesa. SI 8502;
London Layers. SOcgJl; Loose Muscatels 4
crown.. 3%@4e; 3-crown, . 363%e: 2-crown,
2%62%c: Seedless. X%e2Vic; Floated. 2%c;
Seeded, 3%®5%c; Thompsonif. Seedless. 4He;
Seedless Sultanas. 3g3*;c T0O3 ' crop Loose
Muscatels. 2@2%c; Seedless. l*;c; Floated. 3e;
Pacifies. 1K62HC: Seeded 3%e4%.c: Malaga*.
lTiGS^c per lb; Seedless Sultanas. 2c ,'" "
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 softsheH. lie;
No. 2. 9c; No. 1 hardshell. 104c; No. 2. 8%c;
Almonds. 16@17c for Nonpareils 14914%o for
I X I., 13914c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for
Languedoc; Peanuts. 607c for Eastern: Pe
cans. llQ13c; Cocoanuts $4 5093; Chestnuts,
15®17%o per lb.
HONEY— Comb. liei?o"fpr white aad 10O
lie for amber; water white extracted. >%e
6c; light amber extracted. 503%c; dark. 39
BEESWAX— 27629c per H».
Session 9 to 11:30 a. tn.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..(1 S3 $1 53% $1 52*4 $1 52%
May ........ 1 55 1 55% 1 54% 1 54%
- 2 p. m. ' Session.
Open. - High. - Low. ' Close.
December ..SI 52 *i SI 52% SI 52% SI 52%
May 1 54% .1 64% 1 84 1 54
BARLEY— Both cash grain and futures were
quiet, unchanged and featureless.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 07%@l 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping $1 15© 1 17%; Chevalier £1 17*,&
1 22% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. ra.
Open. High. . Low. .. Close.
December ..SI 12% 11 12% SI 12% $1 12%
Up. m. Session.
December— $1 12 bid, |1^2 >i asked.
OATS — Receipts from Washington wart
heavy, aggregating 6SS7 ctls, making total re
ceipts from all sources 1 of 10.716 ctls. The
market continued steady and unchanged.
• White. *1 37V.©1 53; Surprise, $1 50@l 60;
Red. $1 22%ei 42% for feed and SI 40® 1 60
for seed; Black. 91 30*1 35 for feed and SI 50
©1 70 for seed.
CORN— Arrival of COO ctla of Western. The
market continues quiet and unchanged.
Western sacked. $1 40@l 45 for Yellow, 91 43
for White and $1 40&1 42% -for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. (I 40©l 45; small round
do. SI 68@1 62%; White, nominal; Egyptian.
tl 3501 45 for White and Si 25^1 3o for
Brown.
RYE— Firmly held but quiet at SI 35®1 40
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Dried Fruits,NutsJZaisins,Honey.
75c. Large open boxes. 50c®$l; Wine Grapes,
$12@1S per ton. ¦ - • < .¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 60©3 50 per
box for Valencia*: Lemons, $2 8003 for
fancy. $1 76©2 25 for choice and" $li&0V5O
for Standard; Grape Fruit $2 1093; Merlcaa
Limes. $4 50@5 per case; Bananas. $16092 66
per bunch for Central Americas and 73c0
ll 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapple*. $3<M 30 per
dozen. '. - .
California Club, $1 40@l 50; California White
Australian. $1 65@1 62%; Northern Club. $1,40
@l 50: Northern Bluestem, $1 57%61 62% per
ctl. •¦,-¦¦- ,
are now In Sherman County trying to buy at
bigger prices than were ever offered before. -
The cash market was firm, but no higher.
CASH WHEAT.
On th© resulting bulge in wheat here December
advanced to $114% and May to If 14ft;, Dur
ing the last hour the market lost much of lta
newlx acquired strength, the principal depress
ing Influence being an unusually heavy primary
movement. Realising sales caused a consider
able reaction,' bvt a firm tcne prevailed at the
close. Final Quotations were: December,
$1 13^01 13*4: May. $1 13*4<8>l 13%.
Weakness of wheat and - favorable weather
conditions brought fair selling; of com early
in the session, resulting In a decline from
Saturday's closing quotations. Sentiment at
the close was barely steady. December opened
%@%c to %&%c lower, at 50%c to 50%c, sold
up to 51*8 c and closed at 51c. Local receipts
were 146 cars.
• Liberal receipts and an increase of nearly
2.000.GU0 ' bushels in the visible supply were
bear . factors in the oat market. December
opened unchanged to %c higher, at -"SO'jc to
31c, advanced to 31 %c and closed at 31@31&c
Local receipts were 201 car?.
• A heavy decrease in contract stocks, espe
cially of lard, caused strength in provisions.
There was more outside interest manifested in
the market than for some time past, and
orders were mostly on the buying side. At
the close January pork wa» up 27 Vic lard was
up 10c and ribs closed with a gain of lOglJ^c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
October 1 n\ 1 12 1 11% 1 11%
December 1 12% 1 14 1 lift" 1 1SH
May 1 12% 1 14% 1 12V* 1 13%
Co*n, No. 2 — : - - ¦
October G2V1 62»4 62% 52%
December, 60% 61% 6O?4 51
May 49 49% 48% 49%
Oats, No. 2—
October 30% 30% 30% 30%
Decomber 31 31% 30% 31%
May 33% 33% 33% 33%
Mess Pork. »er bbl —
October -.11 70 11 80 11 «7% 11 80
December 1175 11 07% 11 »O 1195
January 13 40 13 65 13 40 13 60
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 7 75 7 85 7 75 7 80
December 7 67% 7 67% 7 6T% 7 67%
January 7 62% 7 75 7 62% 7 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 7 82% 8 00 7 82% 8 00
January 6 92% 7 OR 6 92% 7 02%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1904.
I CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. |
I Miscellaneous Markets. J
LOCAL* MAEKETS.
Chicago Board of Trade. [
Continued on Pa*e FourteaC
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
75 Horses for Sale
# By order of 's. t. Campbell of San Mlgu»t
* _ wtl - sell at PUBLIC AUCTION. 75
HORSES, BROKEN AND UNBROKKN.
weighing from 10OO to 140O pounds, also a ear
of YEARLING COLT8. Tbia i» a select lot
of young geldings and mares, all cloae built
animals and solid colors.
Sale Tikes Place WEDNESDAY, Oct., 5
At J. B. HORAfs^SALESYARD,
< ¦ Cor. TENTH and BRTANT STS. • ¦ ¦¦
Horses are' at yards and' ready for tnspae-
tlon. S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
100 Horses for Sale
J. V. BUTTON wHlstn at PUBLIC AUC-
TION, ONE HUNDRED HORSES, broken
and unbroken, weighing from 1000 to 1900
pounds. This is the third and last consign-
ment of the double square horses which will
b« tigered ' at auction this season and are th«
best all-purpose horses ever offered for sale
on This rnirket.
Sale Takes Place MONDAY, Oct. ID
At.J. B. HORArS^SALESYARD.
Cor. TENTH and BRTANT STS.
-Horses can be seen at yards any day previ-
ous to sale.
itv- There will be an auction sale at 1140
/fctfl Folsom st.. Tuesday, Oct. 4. at 11 a.
m... of 1 doctor's horse, phaeton aad harness;
4 rubber tire runabouts, 1 farm wagon. 1 ex-
press wagon and team, also a. large assort-
ment of horses, wagens. buggies! surrles. carts
and harness. WILLIAM CLOUOH. Auct.
Auction sale at Arcade Horse Market. 327
Sixth street. Wednesday, October 5, at 11 a. m.
To settle accounts of Pacific Coast Investment
Company I will sell 50 good horses and mares.
JOHN J. DOTLC Auctioneer.ALL BOND ' PROJECTS : i FAIL.— Oakland,
Oct. 3.— Official canvass of the bond election re
turns, completed to-night; by the City; Council,'
¦hows that a 11 of the • bond < projects s failed ' to
carry. The 'official*, total* vote • waB • 7563; ¦ nec
essary two-thirds, 5012.'-*. The nearest 1 to carry
ing were : ¦ City wharves," 5006 ; sewers, : 4938. ; - ' .
}- YOUTH? . DESTROY ; SCHOOL i PROPERTY,;
Leo : Cyne, - aged . 9. : and '- Matthew Sullivan. 10
years old. • broke I Into • the , Starr King | Primary
School yesterday mornli^c and before they. left
they did • destruction amounting ; to $200. -^ They
were arrested last night." ¦,- *.,>
', ' Have r ; your,;. wedding^ invitation „•' made- by
Edward 'Knowl*s Company,' 2 1 'Second st. ¦; > '< •' .
CHURCH BAZAAR ,TO, OPEN.— The annual
bazaar and entertainment "of the Scandinavian
Lutheran' Ladles'; Aid- Society 'of . Our t Savior's
•Scandinavian Lutheran > will be : held t at * thte
church, i Howard ; street, near* Thirteenth., dur
ing the afternoons of Thursday,", Friday and
Saturday. Donations - for the booths ; will . be
thankfully received. The proceeds go to . the
church building 5 fund., . ; - ' . .
-i: RAILROAD LABORER'S LEG BROKEN.—
Joseph Kenneajy. a railroad laborer . living , at
62S - Hampshire street, suffered a fracture - of
his left leg yesterday while laying rails ' In
Broderlck street. ..: Kennealy, with others, was
carrying ; a > heavy rail by means - of : , tongs
preparatory '. to , setting tt , on the track, when
it - slipped ; and s fell • across his let:.' ¦. He ¦ was
removed, to the Park Hospital, where Dr. Pink
ham set the broken bone. - ; ¦
Alcazar.
Very flattering indeed was the open
ing of the last week of ;the engage
ment of White Whittlesey at the Al
cazar last night — flattering not only in
point of numbers, but , in the heart
felt and frequent expressions of ap
preciation. ...-• .• .
. .Mr. Whittlesey gives some of his
most virile work in "CamiHe,". and a
better play. could not have been chos
en in .which, to take leave o"f" his
.friends before the footlights and to
'leave- behind himi-ithe - pleasantest
memories. His work'lastnighfshowed
that he was improving materially and
"had divested himself of certain weak
mannerisms that ;. marred - his acting
two years ago.; He must be congratu
lated at the same tjme upon the splen
did support' he received at "the hands
of 'Eugenie Thais , Lawton, whose Ca
mille surpassed the, expectations of
her- most sanguine • admirers. Her
work was most artistic and entirely
free from sharp corners or staginess.
Th^re' were -two places 'especially in
which she captured the* hearts of the
audience— her scene \with Armand's
father in the third act and the har
rowing ¦ passages between herself and
Armand in the fourth.; Marie Howe
as Madame Prudence, ; George Os
'bourne as Monsieur Duval and Harry
Hilliard as Gaston Rieux were excel
lent support to the leading characters.
Central Theater.
. Life in a great cosmopolitan city, in
all its varied comic arid tragic 'phases,
MAYOR SCHMITZ OPENS FAIR. — The
benefit' fair "of: St.' Charles' Parish at Elntracht
Hall was ' opened - last night before a - large
crowd, by-. Mayor Euscne E. Schmttz. who
made a few \ remarks, wishing' the success of
the .fair. It will be continued for two- weeks.
'Rev. Father McDonald is in. charge and he is
assisted .by. Fathers Moran and Cantllllon. .The
following ladies are In charge of the booths:
Miss Flnley. Miss Morton, Mrs. Coffee. Miss
Horan. Mrs. >McAleer. ; Mrs. ? Grazier and »Mrs.
Robing-er. ' -." > • .. * .
First court lady,. Miss ¦ Jessie Mc-
Carty; second. court lady, Miss Mary
McGrady; third court lady, Miss Ce
cil Kast; fourth; court lady.. Miss
Emily Himmigho'f en;, bridesmaids —
Miss Milledge, Miss Belle HID, Miss
Helen Jounieaux.- Miss Marcelle - de
Journal ; flower girls — Miss Margue
rite Miss Pebora Treat, Miss
Kugelberg.;Miss Anthony; peasants-V
Miss* 'Aggie •• Supple, 'Miss Yosernite
Duryek; Miss .Duffy, Miss Jenny Mer
cier;.: courtier," Tom .Bailey; courier.
Mr.* Dawsonr. robber*^— Frank O'Sulli
van, Carroll- C. Charles. Gene .Dock
'ery,' Mr: "Blancolana;: night-, watch
man, Mr. Flood;. Gasparo, Roy Moore;
Mr. ¦ Mandlebaum, Mr. -Slattery; Mr.
Feuerstein;: Tom"' Greenwood; ¦ Count
. ; A splendid performance of the
comic opera, "Prince Methusalem," by
Johann Strauss, was given In the Al
hambra Theater last evening by la
dles and gentlemen of Sacred • Heart
parish in aid of the new school of the
parish.
The ¦ production was In' every sense,
musically and- • from a sc«nic - view
point, admirable, and Karl Formes
Jr., ¦¦¦- under , whose management the
opera was presented, Is deserving of
high ; praise. The company, too, mer
its every commendation for Its clever.
•.The cast was as follows:
Present "Prince Methusalem" In
Splendid Manner and Miss Ger
*;,¦'',; trade Hopkins .Conducts.
During 'October the ; Southern Pacific /will
run Sunday ' excursions to Santa Cruz, the
dates. being; Oct.. 9th. 16th. 23d and aoth.rfor
a round -trip rate of $2. Special train will leave
Third • and .Townsend . streets depot at 7:30
a. m. : -returning-, l«ave Santa Crux at 4:10
p. .'ni.'.Aj- splendid- chance to enjoy the unsur
passed bathing, fishing, boayng and other
attractions of this ; popular resort, Ask about
it to-day at 613 Market street. •; .
To Santa Cruz— $2.00 Round Trip.
OCTOBER' SUNDAY EXCURSIONS.
AMATEURS ARE CLEVER
'- / IX A STRAUSS. OPERA
WELCOME BISHOP CALDWELL.-A larre
conKregation sre«>t<*! Rishop J. S. Caldwell of
Philadelphia i*. the A. M. E. Zion Church
last night. The distinguished clergyman waa
welcomed ia behalf of the church by Miss
Clara Bryant- Phe made a short speech wel
coming the Bishop. He responded with a brief
address on the race question.
Great Britain's public revenue from
April 1 last to the latest date at hand
amounted to $547,175,030, a decrease
of S43.449.655 from last year. Ex
penditures amounted to S603.602.640.
a -decrease from last year of $194.
485,035. ; .-<."¦
"I am,on record asking. opposed to
the i, transfer ; of ' t Chinese * crews \ 'from
one ' vessel . .to 1'^ another,: in.- our ;har
bors." -. '':¦} '. ;'• v ;. ' '¦' " ¦ -l-'^': ¦'¦
Commissioner Sargent •¦ said yester
day .that his visit -was' merely/ one of
routine, it , being* his custom to make
an annual insoection.;ofi all Immigrant
stations in the r United/ States.; 1 - He
was very well pleased, he said," with
the administration of . the " San \ Fran
cisco office under Mr., North and i his
assistants', Captain H. ¦ '• H.* ; " Schell,
Charles Mehan'and.'Dr.'., Gardiner.
Referring to" the "arrest -of ¦, L'ee ' Toy
and Hlppolyttus Lesola Arriador, - ; Eca
Da' Silva • on . a - charge ' of ~ fraudulently
importing Chinese women into the
United..; States," Commissioner 7 Sargent
said that:the; Government .was .quietly
investigating- the- matter at > St. Louis
with i the > hope, that sufficient evidence
might be; obtained to convict all the
parties v concerned; V- including.; some
not'now under arrest. -'.•..; ; v ".
',¦ ,"I;shall*!iriake. several recommenda
tions/on -my! return ; to '"Washington,":
added' Mr. Sargent, .- ' "by fc which ,7 the
efficiency^bf the service 5 may r be > im
proved, ; especially .\ along the 'Mexican
border.-, s ItCis. a* long boundary. ; line
and hard'to guard.*- Many Chinese. are
getting? in 4 by routes,' ¦ and
this -f will .' necessitate .. an; .increase of
the • border; force I In ,' some .localities.
Frank P. Sargent, United States
Commissioner of Immigration, - spent
yesterday with Local Immigrant Com
missioner Hart H. North in the Chi
nese Bureau. .He will leave this city
to-morrow evening for Portland, Ta
coma, Seattle and ' Victoria, and will
proceed toward 1 Washington; D.;c., by
the ; Canadian- route. ' •.;-' . -. .
Says They Are Getting; In Over the
Border by Circuitous
Ways.
SARGENT WANTS MORE
GUARDS AGAIXST CHINESE
Traveling baps, toilet cases, trunks and
everything needed by travelers. No such
an assortment of good things elsewhere.
All leather poods lettered free of charge.
San born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Travelers Xe«*d Trunks and Valises.
WANTS A NEW TRIAIa— Th* Electrta
Laundry Company has given notic* that it
will move for a new trial of the cas« In which
Marraret Qulnn waa awarded $2300 damage*
for the loss of the fingers of her left hand in
a mangle. The company says the damages
were excessive and "'apparently given under
the Influence of passion or prejudice."
3 The address . of Governor • '. Pardee
was full of encouragement He. spoke
of the greatness of the State and • the
many opportunities it affords , to am
bitious young men. The educational
opportunities, he said, are very great
and the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation offers to air opportunity to sup
plement-their education and fit them
selves for higher, positions in life. :
The , enrollment In the educational
classes this year is larger than ever.
More than 700 names are already on
the list and it is expected that the to
tal enrollment will exceed 1000.
The fall and winter term of the
educational department of the Young
Men's* Christian Association was for
mally opened last night. The auditor
ium of the association building was
crowded with young men, who listened
to words of advice from Governor Par
dee, Secretary H.' J. McCoy, Raphael
Weil and D. Edward Collins.- A. P.
Black presided at the meeting and in
troduced the speakers. - . '
Fprninl Opening of the Educational
Term of Young Men's Chris
; ¦ tian Association. •
Kate Condon, whose- glorious con
tralto voice has made her an immense
favorite with San Francisco audiences,
is making the great success of her ca
reer as Dolores in the pretty comic
opera, "The Serenade," at the Tivoli
Opera House. Her triumph is the
more marked from the fact that sev
eral artists of eminence have previous
ly given satisfaction in the role, but
it was not till -Miss Condon sang It
that its great possibilities were thor
oughly realized. Her chief opportun
ity occurs in the second act, when she
sings "The Angelus" in a manner
which completely obscures the me
mory of Jessie Bartlett Davis and ex
cites an* enthusiasm rarely, witnessed
in a theater. In the duets with For
rest Dabney -Carr, "I Love Thee, I
Adore Thee? and "Don Jose of . Se
villa," *he maintains her high artistic
standard and is liberally rewarded in
the way of applause. Judging from
the Immense audiences "The Seren
ade" is drawing, Miss Condon will sing
Dolores for many : nights to come.
The third week of "The Serenade"
opened -last evening with' a large audi
ence and no sign of abatement of pop
ularity.' ' r..j ¦';*¦; -
The^Tivoll.
GOVERNOR PARDEE GIVES
ADVICE TO YOUNG 3IEN
MUST GO TO SAN QLTTN'TTM. — Charles
Coulter most serve five years at San Quentin
for burglary committed In San Francisco two
years ago, according to a decision rendered by
the Supreme Court yesterday. The defendant
broke th« window of an optical store- on Kear
ny street and was fishing with a wtre for
some valuable glasses when discovered. H»
was convicted of burglary In the second da
gree.
The boat building establishment at
618-620 Third street, owned by George
W. Kneass, was destroyed by fire last
right. The loss amounted to $60,000.
The property was Insured for $15,000.
This is the third time Kneass has
been burned out. Ten weeks ago his
establishment near the Union Iron
Works was destroyed in the same way.
The blaze last night started in the
cabinet factory of Gibbs Company next
to Kneass Boat Building Company. It
is thought that badly banked fires un
der glue pots started the fire.
Captain J. Leahy of Truck 2 sus
tained a dislocated shoulder. John
Williamfon, a hoseman, 'was overcome
by smoke and narrowly escaped with
his life.
For the Third Time In a Few Years
George W. Kneass Loses
Property by Fire.
On Sunday. October 9. the California
Northwestern Railway will run an ex
cursion to Willits. Each ticket sold in
sures a seat. Tims of departure from
Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market street.
will be 7:30 a. m.. and from Willits- on
the return, 4 p. m. Train will not stop
in transit. Fare .for the round trip only
53. Tickets now on sale at 650 Market
street. Chronicle Building, and Tiburon
Ferry. After lunch in Willits a special
train will take all those desiring to go to
the mills and ponds of the Northwestern
Redwood Company and to the redwoods.
No extra charge. •
Excursion to Willlts.
FLAMES DESTROY BOAT
BUILDING ESTABLISHMENT
James and Bonnie Farley, clever
dancers, scored a great success at the
Chutes last night, as did also the Irwin
brothers, gymnasts, and the Hamlins,
singers and dancers. Jeanette Laurelle
Introduced many surprises in" her
dance, "La Ciel"; Gus Leonard played
many new numbers of. his odd musical
instruments, and Mabel Lamson, the
popular contralto, was well rewarded
bj' applause for her illustrated songs.
The amateurs will appear on Thursday
nlght, ( when they promise many sur
pi lses' in the way of living pictures. .
The Chutes.
. A large audience gathered at Fisch
er's Theater last night to fTear j the
new musical burlesque. "Down the
Line." The author, Howard E. Jacott,
says in the programme that he "de
nies any attempt at coherency in plot
and commits this, his first effort, to the
jury with a plea for mercy." His can
dor is refreshing, and no one .will
deny its truthfulness. The piece is de
void of catchy airs, the only song that
deserves commendation being "Fish
ing,'* by Dorothy Morton, which she
so charmingly rendered for the last
two weeks in "Miss Mazuma.'.' It' is
given* by request. Georgie O'Ramey
makes a hit as the interlocutor In
"Fiseher's Minstrel Maids," and she
is also very funny in her travesty duet
with Ben Dillon and solo," "Jemima
Green."also by request. Flossie Hope
and Pearl Hickman dance with their
usual vim and grace and the paji
tomime ballet in the last act is well
executed. The jokes are old and the,
dialogue far from amusing or inter-"
esting.
Fischer's.
At a meeting of the executive board
of the Butchers* Exchange last night
reports were received from the agents
and notes made of the names and ad
dresses of those who refused to accept
the new cards. It Is brdadly hinted
that these' men will find difficulty In
procuring a fresh supply of meat when
that on hand is exhausted.
The Butchers' Exchange comprises
all the wholesale and retail butchers
and sausagemakers in this city. Its
membership is abou 400. At last night's
meeting Word was received from the
Butchers' Exchange in Oakland that
the organization on this side of the bay
would receive its hearty support, so it
will be impossible for backsliders from
the ranks to secure a supply of meat
from Alameda' County.
The Journeyman butchers have as yet
made no hostile move." A meeting will
be held Thursday night at the carmen'g
headquarters,"/ when' the open .shop, will
be discussed. The men, 1 so far as can
be learned, are satisfied, as there are
no changes in their hours or wages. A
prominent . official of the union said
last > nisrht that he did not consider a
strike imminent so long as wages and
hours remain the same. A careful
watch will be kept by the exchange and
any member violating the rules by
keeping open late or underpaying his
employes will be punished.
Early yesterday morning agents were
started out from the headquarters of
the Butchers' Exchange to distribute
the cards and but five dealers refused
to sign the agreement and substitute
the "open shop" for the "union shop"
cards. Owing to changes In names and
addresses all the meat dealers In the
city were not approached yesterday,
but they will be located within a few
days and requested to put the blue card
In their window.
This card Is signed by the San Fran
cisco Butchers' Exchange, the Citizens'
Alliance and the Wholesale Butchers'
Association.
We will not discriminate against organized
labor, nor will we compel any employe to Join
a labor union against his wish.
, We will not recognize the business agent or
walking delegate of any labor union, and what
ever privileges they may have had on these
premises in the past are hereby revolted.
The owner of this shop is willing at all times
to listen to any complaint or grievance pre
sented by an employe. The employe* will have
a right to file complaint with this exchange
when they think that any shop owner ia not
treating them fairly, such complaint to be filed,
as an appeal from the decision of the shop
owner, and .we agree that any complaint so
filed will receive prompt attention and <Tie ac
tion it deserves. ,7 ¦
To Whom It May Concern: From this date
thl3 shop will be run as an open shop, the
owner or owners reserving the right to hire
whom' they please, whether they be union or
non-union men, and to discharge them when
their services are not considered satisfactory
or for any other just reason.
As a result of the action taken at the
meeting of the Butchers' Exchange
Sunday afternoon the "Union Shop"
signs which have been displayed con
spicuously in local meat markets were
removed and in their place Is a blue
card which in bold type makes the fol
lowing announcement:
Headquarters of the Butchers' Exchange (Open
Shop), San Francisco, Oct. 1. 1904.—
But Five Butchers Kefuse to
Abide by Decision Made
at Meeting of Exchange
There in one thine that might prevent ac
tion on rr.y r>art in the premises, and that
Is that a Supfricr Court's decision it not final
until the SurTeme Crurt has pa5ged upon it.
Of roursf, Hutton has the right of appeal
from the decree of Judge Cook, adjudging
him guilty of contempt of court for having
violated an injunction. Until the Supreme
Court h hearti from my hands would be tied,
*v^n if I desired to exerci** the prerogative
contained In the charter of declaring the of
fir+ vacant- because Hutton ha* violated his
official dutiei. However. I will give Collins
my answer to-day. I understand that Collins
will tirirx mandamus procfedlnES should I
Tffuf* to act in thp cgF*. This would probably
b" thf proper way to arrive at a settlement
of th* lfgal point? involved, and at the proper
intfrrretation of the charter provision on the
subject.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday notified
George D. Collins, attorney for the tax
payer who filed a petition with his
Honor late Saturday night requesting
him to oust Police Commissioner Hut
ton that he would give out his deci
sion some time to-day. Collins is mov
ing actively in his endeavor to have
Hutton's office declared vacant under
the charter provision governing such
cases.
Mayor Schmitz stated that he de
sired to conrult with his attorney be
fore passing on the point. The Mayor
said:
of Appeal Will Prevent Declaring
His Office Vacant.
Believes Police CommiKsioner.'s Right
In the meantime Secretary White
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
Joe Gatta, alias Mazza. the father of
the boy, for violating the statute pro
hibiting the forcing of minor children
to beg. White alleges that the father
has been profiting by the boy's beg
ging. -
Little Joe Gatta, 10 years old and
living In a small dwelling at 2 Gerka
place on the western slope of Tele
graph Hill, was taken charge of yes
terday by M. J. White, secretary of
the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children. The boy had an ac
cident some time ago which, deprived
him of one of his limbs. Claiming
that he desired to provide himself
with a -wooden substitute, he daily
sat on the sidewalk near Zlnkand's
cafe, where his condition attracted the
attention of. charitable persons, many
of whom "dropped dimes and nickela
into the cup held out by the boyish
hand. Joe's prospect of getting the
wooden leg was blighted by his re
moval to the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety, where he will remain until next
Friday, when Judge Murasky will hear
his tale.
Hope Blighted by Arrest of Boy and
His leather for - Violatfss
Statute.
ONION SIGNS
ARE DISPLACED
MAYOR TO GIVE DECISION
IN IIUTTON CASE TO-DAY
LITTLE JOE GATTA'S
NEED OF A WOODEX LEG
was never more vividly portrayed than
in the sensational melodrama, "Deal
ers in White Women," which was pro
duced for the first time In this city at
the Central Theater last evening -be
fore a crowded house. The scenic ef
fects are realistic to a wonderful, de
gree and embrace many of the promi
nent features that have . noted New
Ycrk for many years past. Branard
Branton, the King of Cracksmen, ably
portrayed by Herschel Mayall, "comes
to the rescue and at the opportune
moment, after many hairbreadth es
capes, saves the girl of his heart frota
the den of infamy.
Miss Ethel Clifton as Hilda Muri
vale, the particular object of Salsya's
persecution, was enthusiastically re
ceived and accepted several curtain
calls.
The object of building the road is to obviate
the necessity of. increasing the present Jerry
service acrotis the bay, as well as to reach the
interior traffic by a more direct route. The
building- of a bridge across the bay will en
able us to run ' direct to San Francisco without
change, thereby paving a 'great- deal of time.
The line on this side of the bay will be
built from Dumbarton Point to Newark, where
It will connect with the South Pacific Coast
Railroad. This latter road is to be converted
into broad gauge, and will connect with the
Southern Pacific system at NUes. thus enabling
us to divert a large amount of traffic from
the present ferry system by going direct to
San Francisco by way of the new -bridge.
The construction work on the new road will
be begun within thirty day* and will be
pushed as rapidly as possible. Wo hope to be
gin operations in a very short time. While
the Incorporators are all Southern Pacific offi
cials, the new road has at present no official
connection with the Southern Pacific Company,
but | it Is probable that it will eventually be
taken over by that company.
Frank Shay, another incorporator of
the | new road, says President E. ,H.
Harriman of the Southern Pacific Com
pany had been considering the building,
of the Newark-San Mateo road for'
more than a year, for Director 'of
Transportation and Operation Julius
Kruttschnitt had thoroughly con
vinced him of the necessity of relieving
the heavy traffic over the bay. Said he:
TO MEET A NECESSITY.
The length of the ferry will be about two
miles. The- entire distance the -line will run
I do not know. "When Senator Fair owned the
Soulh Pacific Coast road he operated a nar
rovr gauge line -for a while over the same
ground upon which we intend building, but
abandoned it because It did not pay. Since
then the franchises have lapsed, but we intend
to renew them.
The building of a road at Dumbarton Point ts
a project that has been in contemplation by the
Southern Pacific Company for some tllne. and
this corporation was formed for the purpose of
carrying it out. The right of way has been
secured and all we need Is terminal facilities
at the point. It Is intended to build a broad
gauge road from Newark to the point and from
the point freight will be ferried across that
narrow part of the bay to the San Mateo shore,
near Redwood City. The whole thing,. will
serve as a connection between the South' Pa
cific Coast road*and the coast road. Ultimate
ly the road will be continued 'from Newark to
Niles, where it will connect with the main
line. The object of making this connection is
to relieve the congestion of traffic at Oakland.
A great amount of freight can be shipped into
San Francisco by means of this new, route.
In time the South Pacific Coast will be-all
standard gauge and the bay will : be bridged
at Dumbarton Point so that traffic may be
moved' without the necessity of ferrying from
Oakland. ._.... ,
pany, admitted that the great corpora
tion is behind the new company and
suggested the possibility of the Harri
man line finally, absorbing the Central
California. Continuing, he said:
Vulcanio, J. Smith; Carbonazzl. Ed
Burns; Trombonius. Tom Nowlan;
Cyprian. John O'Brien; Slgrfsmund,
Roy Kay; Sophlstica, Hiss Katherine
Allen; Pulcinella, Miss Vive Hickey;
Prince Methusalem. George Kelly.
TALEXTED SINGER "WHO IS POP
ULAR WITH THE PATRONS OF
THE TIVOLI. :
In discussing the project last evening
Attorney J. E. Foulds, who is assistant
counsel for the Southern Pacific Com-
Ab a rule, the Southern Pacific Com
pany, in undertaking new railroad pro
jects, 'endeavors to conceal as far. as
possible, its interest in the schemes by
naming as incorporators men who are
not closely identified with the' big cor
poration. . - In the present instance,
however, no effort has been made to
veil the project; with any mystery. On
the contrary, the plans of the company
were fully. stated yesterday. One of
the main objects of the new railroad
company is to carry, freight into the
city .without transhipping it across
the bay from Oakland, thus relieving
the congestion of traffic that now ex
ists between Oakland and San Fran
cisco by way of the ferry routes. Con
struction work on the new road . will
begin immediately and be rushed
along as rapidly as material can be ob
tained. 1 '
NO SECRECY PRACTICED.
A gigantic project, involving an ex
penditure of over $1,000,000 and prom
ising greatly to facilitate passenger
and freignt traffic between San Fran
cisco and Oakland and Alameda, has
been made public by the Southern Pa
cific Company.
A corporation, to be known as the
Central California Railway Company,
filed articles of incorporation yesterday
in this city, with the announced pur
pose of building a railroad around the
bay shore from Newark in Alameda
County to San Mateo, a distance of
fifteen 1 miles, connecting at the latter
point with the main lines of the South
ern Pacific. From Newark the new
line will extend! to a point near Potrero
or Dumbarton Point and thence west
erly across the San Francisco Bay.
N The company is incorporated for
$1,000,000, . of which amount $15,000 is
subscribed by the following incorpo
rators, representing the Southern Pa
cific Company; N. T. Smith, $6000; Wll-»
liam Hood, JbOOO; J., E. Foulds,. $1000;
Foshay Walker, $1000, and Frank Shay,
$1000. N. T. Smith," who is treasurer
of the Southern Pacific Company, is to
hold a similar position with that con
cern. £"TS •
The heavy Winton machine driven
by Boyd is owned by T. EL Lalley of
1M6 Pacific avenue. Boyd. it is alleged,
was entirely to hlame for the accident.
He made a sharp turn to the left
when he should have swune: wide to
the right. Both machines were teles
coped.
Dr. Kerr and Browning were hurled
peverai feet into the air. The doctor
lay unconscious until his chauffeur
picked him up and carried him to a
nearby drug store. There the doc
tor recovered consciousness and
was conveyed to his home at 1200 Van
Ness avenue. He sustained some uelv
lacerations of the scalp and a badly
sprained ankle.
The other machine was driven by
Theodora Boyd. He escaped with a few
bruises and immediately disappeared,
but was arrested later by Policeman
James Graham and charged with bat
tery.
Dr. Kerr'ts machine was running
down Golden Gate avenue at a slow
rate of spjeed. As the light machine
reared Vati Ness avenue a heavy Win
ton whirled around the corner on the
left-hand side and collided head on
with the runabout.
A heavy automobile crashed Into the
light runabout of Dr. William Watt
Kerr, professor of medicine at the Uni
versity of California, at the corner of
Van Ness and Golden Gate avenues,
early last evening. Dr. Kerr was se
riously injured. He was hurled %lnto
the air and struck on his head on the
hard asphalt pavement. His chauffeur.
Walter Browning, was badly bruised.
Proposed Route Is to Run
Between Newark and San
Mateo With Water Connec
tion at Dumbarton Point
COMPANY IS FORMED
TO CARRY OUT PLAN
He Whirls Round Corner of
Van Xess Avenue Against
the Physician's Machine
Will Build a Koad Around
the Bay to Believe Con
gestion of Freight Traf
fic on the Ferry Lines
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
There are some important changes in
the cast, with one exception all for the
better. The exception is the Good
deeds, who is not quite what the sweet
faced and voiced Alys Rees was in the
part. The substitution of men for
women as Strength and Flve-Wittes—
that last amuses, Mr. Greet — distinct
ly lends effectiveness and Knowledge
is this year very ably personified. This
year's mounting is also somewhat more
effective. The play goes for all this
week, with > matinees on Wednesday
and Saturday.
And from the pleasing vanities of
"The Office Boy" to the pure austeri
ties of "Everyma/i" was only a step
round the corner, to Lyric Hall. The
sage writing, what a text were here!
As was to be expected the "Everyman"
of last year served as advertisement for
this year's production. A very good,
though not full, house listened to the
play last night. Everyman, when I got
there, was just donning the robe of re
pentance. It was only a moment more
and the spell of the old play was again
upon me.
How many times I saw "Everynan"
last year I have forgotten, but as, then
I found the play last night absorbingly
interesting. Even more profoundly
charming I find Mis Constance Craw.
ley's Everyman, in which, at her flrs't
memorable essay of the part, she so
delighted us last year. The spiritual
quality has deepened, the religious
ecstacy of the repentant sinner is more
fervently expressed, the facial elo
quence more thrilling and what a
preciousness of voice is this that Miss
Crawley brings to her task. Pictur
esquely it is an unforgettable portrait,
and should be missed . by no one able
to sk u^.
• * *
Mr. Daniels as the office boy has a
part that he should be grateful for,
almost as grateful as the part should
be for him. He is at his most oleagin
ously unctuous — could one say more?
Yes, one could. Here it is. I saw Mrs.
Daniels, best of wives, convulsed at
the year-old Daniels' jokes!"
But "The Office Boy" by no means
depends wholly upon the little come
dian. The stunning chorus, dressed
and drilled to perfection, holds the cen
ter of the stage without any trouble.
Beside this be-£atined array of pul
chritude even the Weber and Fields'
beauties fade away. Then Sally Fisher
sings nicely and leads the ladies, and
Alfred Hickman is the jockey. The
rest don't much matter, but modestly
help Mr. Daniels along. The Daniels
catchword this time? Ask anybody
the day after to-morrow. As It is you,
however, it is very ingeniously
asked — with the right eyebrow tucked
into the hair — "Is my face red?" Go
to see him if you want to know how
funny it is.
Mr. Fairbanks* speech of last nigrht
may have been of more Importance
than Frank Daniels* — thoush you
would ret no one who was at the Co
lumbia to admit it. A heartless editor
(WHO WAS NOT THERE) refuses
space, however, for Frank's thrilling
periods. He surpassed himself last
night, expla&lng that "his proud posi
tion was due to his devotion to Art,
that Intangible something upon the
boundless ocean of.what-you-may-call
'em," and— but I'm forgetting. As to
"The Ofllce Boy." One has been un
hopefully waiting for something that
would live up to the Daniels speech.
"The Office Boy" comes very near. It
Is the brightest setting that this Ir
regular pearl of a comedian has had
within my memory. Even, and this
says everything, it atones for "Miss
Simplicity." that descended upon us
with Mr. Daniels last year.
All that "Miss Simplicity" was not
"The Office Boy" is. Harry B. #Smith
has done his best in the book, particu
larly in the first act, and to Ludwig
Englander the piece owes, its bright and
taking music. Lyrics are scarce — but
so are singers, except at the Tivoli.
There is one trio, "Signs," that was
entering upon its twenty-seventh en
core as I came back from a peep be
tween times at "Everyman." They
added another dozen or so verses while
I waited. Daniels, Sallie Fisher— who
really sings — and Sydney Toler have
the song.
B0YD HAKES BAD TUKX
Dr. William Watt Eerr of
the University, of Cali
fornia Is Seriously Hurt
Frank Daniels .at His
Best— " Everyman"
HARRIMAN
HAS A NEW
BIG SCHEME
AUTOS CRASH
ON A CORNER
BUNCHES OF FUN HANDED
OUT IN "THE OFFICE BOY"
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL,' TUESDAY, OCTOBER X 190*
*¦. Catchy, style with a little enap; our printing.
Edward Knowles Company, ' 24 Second §C • -
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j — r — p
i Home j
¦ Is Brightened j
I By a I
IGood Piano, j
THE I
Possesses in the* highest
degree that durability of
construction and beauty of
tone so desirable in a piano
for the home. Over 50,000
in use. v
The Price and Terms
Bring It Within the Reach
of All. .v
Bcnj. CurtaiZ SSon
Chickering Agency
: 16 OTarrcil Street, S. F. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DO YOU WANT -
A HURRY-UP LUNCH?
Well, we can fix you np. Oar D elicacy
Department Is equipped for Just such
emer?encie», for we have tHe ant
complete department of tile XSsxA in
tue city. Our wtae«, too, and our
Honors ud cordials, are tHa best t&at
caV be bousrnt. Our prices always
considerably nader : those of otaer
¦tores.
SPECIALS TKXS WEXJC 7OS
MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY ONLY
Paone Sontn 983.
lEMABCHAJTC) SJHtDUTES, 3 tins. .
r.45c
Finest brand of boneless sardines packed:
regularly 30c a tin.
IXOaiDA FrWEAPPI.2:, tin 20c
„ Fancy quality sliced pineapple; regularly
-:- 25c. ¦• -
VVXEE X>B POXES OEA3, tin..20c
Teyssonneau's brand, exquisite lor sand-
wlches; recularly 23c.
rXTTXT SYJtUF, too:. 35c
Raspberry. Strawberry. Pineapplw and
Grenadine: regularly 50c.'
P. S. WXXSXET. bot, 73c, *al- $«
This Is oar private stock brand; aee and
purity guaranteed: never sold for less
than $1.23 a bot. .or I3.CO a sal.
, BZAD "VILIiE ' WHISKEY, bot . . . 50c
Oalloa $l*.0O
A rood article at a very moderate price:
. regularly 73c abot. and $3.00 a gal. '
BABT1ETT OZVGES AXtS.'dOZ. OOc
Manufactured" from purest material;
. regularly $1.10.
Remember Our Hew Jfttmbe*
139 UASOX STREET.
"*- MARKS BROS.. : >/
SKIRT SALE
—FOR—
TO-DAY
THAT CANNOT BE EQUALED
IN ALL SAN FRANCISCO.
Through the Shrewdness on the
part of pur New York Buyer we
are enabled to place on sale
TO-DAY
E? A ft
M i J MM
RUNABOUT
SKIRTS
$3:45
In this lot will be found Skirts
that are worth up to $7.00. i-r 9
This Choice Lot of Regulation
Walking Length Skirts would never
be Sold at this Price were it not
for the alert Purchase made by
our New York Buyer, who has
Striven, and we i believe not in
vain, to make this the very best
COLLECTION of RUNABOUT
SKIRTS ever shown 'in this city;
Not only are these the NEWEST
STYLE SKIRTS^ but they're the
VERY BEST— the finest Product
of a. leading Manufacturer.
TO-DAYS SKIRTS
ME ALL BIG
MONEY-SAVERS
They'll be DISPLAYED on SPE-
CIAL TABLES in our Skirt De-
partment 70-DAY. Your pick of
DOZENS of STYLES, COLORS and
MATERIALS. SKIRTS are -j all.
Elegantly Tailored Throughout,'
made* with FULL ' PLAITED BOT-
TOM.
• We've ENGAGED extra SALES-
P E 0; PL E to 'r accommodate- the
.CROWDS of : PEOPLE will
ATTEND THIS-SALE.
MrksMoM
. . tithe Home^off Honest Values'
122^122^MARKEJ STREET
I..... ' .'"'"" ' ' ¦ •¦ " ADVERTISEMENTS.
w%^^£ m $£}&A N°* a * ew patterns of a low grade carpet, but hundreds of patterns in f&jQp 1
JggJ!e£j&t i: & carpets of every grade ; and rugs and draperies as well. All at prices that we )^j^ry^H
f&&j$ffi%j£^ positively guarantee are the lowest ever offered in this city. Here are a few '^^i'tfO^A
Wg£0$%dG&f' samples of the prices we are making. Sale closes this week. Come now. vj^Sb J£
SH^%Q^ HlfiHlRRAnF RRIIWK * M0 caf - AYMIN^TFR^ Sl-50valu:s. High-grade, J??^?* <l
||||j^«j||, niun-unAuc dnuaatu Any f.Awinoitni hi g h . pile Axmimttr car- ffijS^gl
MWCipBB^ number of patterns to choose from. ' Rich pets. The finert weaves of the largest S?^^^Sr5
B9f£ga|KyJn designs ; small or large patterns on deep- • mills in the world. These have the body ; 3?^>OC! 1 1
RsSSS') ViSi shaded grounds of redi and greens, wood they have the pattern ; they have the tone. v
I^ST^wCf^^ colors and light tans. This week, «yc r This week, the yard, laid, an c « r\r\ jS* -*©* *|
I§«ill&IS VFI VFT RARPFTS 1 " **- 50 vaI - INLAID LINfllFIIMS A °°^« *i 7 er.
|>S^$£|g ' CLVCI bftnrCl^ uss. These axe for ll1LMIU LmULCUm ° $1.50 values. The $8? J
fi&r^SJ^V^) you people who know carpet values to color goes clear through to the back. They f Ofcb «e|
BjjgBggralRgw admire. They are soft, high-pile, deep- will, last a lifetime. This week, the !TVT^. J ' I" VnTI
ftz'ti. ff jKmST toned carpets of lustrous colorings, r*"-— square yard, laid £• ¦» r\r\ >»>/f ."'C*/ * : jy 3
g*3$£s|2P Thuweek, the yard, laid . 9^C ° $1.00 iffijftjvff
L4vC&fT* I ARC fillRTAIN^ Here is the bargain of the day. $1.00 values. Nottingham - - 'fzti£&M* 1
Wfg&WkgA UUniHIIlO weav . s . ecru color; neat effects. This week, per pair.... MC £j£fi§?\3*
lsS»«^?* ARABIAN CURTAINS $100va!u2S - 50incheswid5;3^v ardslon ?- Ia p Wn «° tc « f W^&^'^
lf3*«S^*t HnHDIHl! UUniMinO with corded borders down the sides and across the C 1 Q~ w£&3S&*
glpglasigj ends. This week, while they last, per pair $ 1 .05