She was saying things with \ a ",'flavpr.
akin to cynicism " iji ' the'in, as thus; \
"Do you : reniemb(?r how .we uaed to
go into raptures ;'of pious indignation j
¦over the make-believe uehtiment of the
summer man arid the summer girl? \ I
recollect your • saying once Jthat it was
y. icked r a | desecration of things which'
ought 'to^e^hcld^ sacred, jit isn't so
very ; "long ago. : but t think ..we' were
both very .young, that summer — yews
, younger., than we can ever be again.
Don't- you?" . ; : '; ''."'-' \ ... ~ -¦
; "Doubtless,".-., said David lie
was at a. pass In w,hich he .wc-uld have
agreed with her - if she had asserted
that black" w&s'white. it was not weak
.ness; it was merely, ,that^lie was,ab
sorbed "in V a groping search for the
word • which would .fit her char"~2d
mood.'
"We have learned .toT>e more chari
. table ,sine%,"; she went on; ."more chari
table and j less . : sentimental, perhaps.
And yet • v, f o prided-, ourselves on our
. sincerity in that young. time, don't you
think?" ,\^ ,. ;•; :1 ' ; ;- ;: is'^±i
VI, aV.-lcast.V.was sincere, ''.^hic,' re
joined bluntfy.-: He, had found the mood
w.brd; a t> ' las t : ¦ it . was . ' resentment;
though, .» being a* 'man, S lie pbuld » see \ no
-good .reasbn,. t why."'the'£m'emorie8 of .the
"Urbydon^sujfrimer should 'mak-^ her re
sentful. ¦'*) :'- : \\'- :v .j* , ¦ i, . ,;i" . .'.' : f .
,; She, w4s*.not .looking at him when'she
# said: ¦;*. 'ti^o;.'^ sincerity.. isr t always jiist.
: ; And . you .were not{quite'.Just/;I think.'.'
' } "To you?" he dtmandeaT . . ... ' :
v'"Oh, no;, to { yourself." "¦''.
¦ : Pdrt!a\ Van "Brock's 'accusation was
; hammering- its ®.!?.- !*&?> .brain.- ; You
"have v marred ' hef<" between" you; \ -.¦ For
| your : : sake r. she. can '• never^be- quite ; all
she; ought to' belto* him; • for this -sake
she could never" b'eWuite^th^ same tb
I you, .' A "cold Vave^of^appreheigsipn' sub-
Vmerged him. ; : Inseejj:*irig to'do* the most
.ruriselfisli . thing?? that p off ere'd, 1 ". had , he
i. succeeded -onlyiin 'making her 'i despise '.
: quwUon twiur^ still "hanging ; an
;JswerIe8*\^^^^re;C^me^thc\sound of >
.'a^door opening" arid 'c'loiing and Ormsby
'-stood Rooking In ; uponVtI)em. : //¦ ?¦*% ' \.'<
: kMp' r tti'e8e^8l««py:ybuns.
j: p er s onB {outTof jiiedj iriy; lohgjsr," .* ; he '¦; an
nounced brieflyjaud .the coadjutor, said
. . "More waiting," 1 "said Kent.' definit
ively. : » "The I fight la f afriy, onj now—
as between .the . Bucks crowd- and the
corporations,'; I • mean— butUhere. will
probably be~*,ups .and down enough to
scare .Mrs.V Brentwood- into -letting go.
We must be ready- to strike when the
iron Is hot:>thafa all.''- /
- The New 'Yorker' tramped a full
•square in thoughtful : silence before he
said: ,. ••Candidly,., Kent^Mra; ; Hepzi
bah;s s little* stake ¦ in Western Pacific
isn't .altogether ;a: matter <bf life and
•death) to me,*: don't you- know? If It
J cbmes*to • the ¦•: .worst I can have 'my
¦broker play; the part of. the god in the
carJ .Happily; ,orj unhappily/ '.which
ever .way 'you like to put.it,.I sha'h't
miss what ! he "may; have to ;• put up" to
make*; cood on her 3000 shares.".
: V- David '. Kent* stopped abort and
seemed; not ; to care'. {much
about it either • way./. She-: said > her
mother would have . the casting! v o^- fJ>
; "J know., What -Ivdon't' know £ is,'
what remains to be done'." 3 - ". • > : . -.
". "What ' luck?" \was ! ; David Kent's
anxious query when;they were~ free of
,the house and . had turned their faces
townward. * ; : .^< v vj- ,
' "Just as much as w;e might havo ex
pected., Mrs. Hepzfbah' refuses point
blank to sell her' stock-^-won't "talk
about it. 'the idea of parting with it
now/ when it is .actually worthy more
than it was when we;Dought-'it!* " he
quoted, mimicking -ithe*' thin-lipped,
acidulous protest.' , "Later, : In . an ; evil
minute, I .tried to . drag . you
in. and she let yoii ¦ have .it
square on . the '.,.'- po.lnt i.of the
jaw— Intimated that it was a deal In
which some of you Inside people'need
od her block of ' stock* to " make' yoii :
whole. She did, byJovei'' ''
. Kent's laugh was mirthless., .
; ' "I ,was never down in . ; her * i good
books," he said by way. of /accounting
for -the accusation." ' ! "•? ¦ '¦¦-"/-• C, :
" If Ormsby thought he * knew i .tie
reason why, he was* niagrianimqua
enough to steer clear of ; that, shoal. '
- "It's a mess,", hevgrowled. '-'nrdon't
ifancyyou had any. better luck "with
Elinor." ¦;:¦: ; - :• :'¦•/;
good-night/and.jbined.'him at once.
Shq became silent at that, and for a
time, the- low sweet harmonies of the
nocturne Penelope- '.was playing tilled
the_ gape. , .
Kent left his chair and began to
wish honestly for Ornisby's return. He
Mas searing the wound again, and tl»e
process 'was more than .commonly
painful. They had been speaking in
figure*, as a man and -a woman .will;
yet he made sure the mask of meta
phor, was" transparent, no loss to her
than to him. j As many times before,
hb* i heart was crying out to. her; but
now behind the cry there was an up
surging tidal .wave of- emotion new and
strange; a toppling down of barriers
atid-'a- a weeping- inrush of passionate
rebellion.
; Why had she put' it out of her
power to make him her. champion ; in
the^ field of the lust of - mas
tery? . Instantly, and . like a ro
vealing;lightning flash, *it dawned
upon him tha^t this was his awaken
ing. Somethings;*; of himself she had
shown " him in the-". former time; how
he was rusting- InactiVe'-in the small
field when ha should, be dbiii& a.- man's
work, the work for .which^lijs, train
*ing had fitted him, in *ttie larger/ But
the glamor of sentiment had : been over
it all in- those days and- to the^pusslbn
warped; the high call is transmitted in
terms" of self seeking. • ;
S He. turned upon her suddenly.
"I3ld you mean to reproach me?" he
asked abruptly; .
. "How absurd!" - ¦'*¦¦'
"No; it Isn't. are responsible for
me, in a certain sense. ?You sent, me
out Into the' world and 'somehow I. feel
as : lf .I ; had' dlsappointea you."
: "But: what went ye> out for to see?"
she Quoted softly.; ' . . ,
;"I f ft'kfaow," ihc nodded, sitting -down
again. ': "You < thought 'you werearous-'
Ing a worthy ambition, but It was only
avarlqe that "was -quickened. '- - I've been
tfying^to be aimoneyA' getter." V ;" -.,/ ,
\ '•¦Tjpu ¦* can be something ' vastly ' bet
¦;ter."" 'v;'- : .;/ ; "y':,\ ;;:,;, \- t^".. ?•,¥.>£.
: .."Not'il'mi afraid^ not; ; itjls.^o vlate. 1 '
H> -Again the planp^ mellowed* silence^ su
•pervened,- and Kent put' his .elbows. on
his knees and his face' In his- hands.
"being very miserable. He'belieVed 'now"
.what he had been slow tq credit before,
. that he had had it in him to hew his
way to the end of thVline if only the
.motive were strong enough to call. out
'all 'the reserves of ; battle micht. and_
courage. That motive:she. alone, of all
the women in the world, might -have
supplied,: he. told himself Iri" keenv self
• pllyi> With : her love to- arm him, her
clear eyed faith to inspire him.'
Hc'sat up straight, uiid pushedthe cup
. jb.f bittcr.'herbs aside. There would.be
time r 'enough to drain ;it^farther on!
: VComing, back , to the stock market
_randf(ho present crisis, 1 ': he 'said; -break-
* r Ing? %he ' silence in sheer self -defense;
i^Ofmsby-and ,1— :" * .? ; l .;; :'• .¦"¦'; ¦'/
'.; She-, had \put;the ¦.resurrected toplb.
'back^into.ii^ !, "grave with a? little ges-';
ture of aijathetic-impatience she'uied - !
now {lnd;thep\with r Ormsby. , rV > . :
,."I 8uppose*,I ought ;';to be" interested,
but I. am not," she confessed. -; VMoth
j ,er: will do-as.'she '.thinks- best,; arid-we
shall calmly^ acaulesce.-Tas "we \ always
:do.". ." j . ,_¦.'¦ : •¦ ¦--"¦• .¦¦'¦¦¦J-- / : ¦•.••".
. ~ "David Kent was not! sorryUo >be re^
:\lieved.-'ln;ro.(^ny^wo^;*o^the"\p^rj-?
suaslve responsibiyiy^^and ¦; the t /jt^lk
drifted --} : into ., '. rVmlnisccnce.^ with , thej
;.Croyd6n • sunprier: f orfalbjvckirrbund/i-l .
': i*;It- ""waaVjof dangerous! "ipiiftime £;for.
:;Kent;- perirous,t;ya6dr>r8ubv«rsive-;ofi
& manyV things. *;\One^of 'his ;nnlloratlji8r
. xibmfprts 'h&A^ beefi > thej thbucht'that :
t however t * blttejrr.his t'owri ; (dlsappoln t- '
;?me*ntiwasi'<Ellhorl ; atVleast L wM*h^ippy;'t
But v in * this '• new-old field V of . talk ,. a
-; change" came ; over ; her. and ; ho : was no
, surV she- was : eritire|pr, -happy.'
Cop)Tfsbt by Bo!»b>-MerHll t'o.
t t '. H it to be a Quaker meeting?"
| asked Penelojx\ sweetly, when
J[ the Filcuce had grown a"vve
in^riring.
Kent laughed for pure joy at the
breaking of the tpolL
"On<? w ou!d think w had coiue to
dras; . V< -'U tsl I <>ff to jail. Ormsby and I." '
hr said: «nd then he uent on to ex
plain. "It"s ab«jut your Western Pa
ciiic stock, you know. To-day's quota
tions put it a voiui and u half abuve
ycur purcha.s«.- price, and we've coins
t ; j persuade you to unload, pronto, as
tite niembtr from the liio Blanco wuuld
tay."
"Is that ail?" said Penelope, stifling
a yawn.' l*Jl*en I'm not In it; I'm au
Infant,** And the rose and weut to the
piano.
"Vou h«vcii't 'toM us all of it; what
has happened?" queried Kiinor, Kpoak
lns fur the first time since her gzvetr
lug of ICc^t. . "¦•*' -¦ --¦• .
He briefed thje story of Hou.sc bill 1'3
for her. pointing out the probabilities.*
*"Uf course, DO one can tell what tho
rrecise crfoct will be." he - qualified.
"But in my opinion it is very likely to
l>c destructive of 'dividends. Skipping
the dry details, T.he new law. v.hich is
equitable enough on its face, can b3
marie £.n engine of extortion in the
hands of those "R-ho administer it. In
fact. I happen to know that it was de
signed and carried through for that
very purpose." v ' '
She? tinilfd. ; •
"1 have understood yon were in the '
opposition. Are you speaking politic
ally?" ¦>
"I am Elating the plain fact," said
Kent, nettled u little by her coolness.
"Decadent Home never lifted a baser
t>et of demagogues into office than we
have here in tkis State at the present
moment." - —
He spoke warmly, and she liked. him
best when he put ber on the footing of
tn equal antagonist.
"1 can't jisree v.ith your inference,"
ehe objected. "As a. people we are
neither cbt:eyuioU3 nor stupid."
"l»erliups not. But it is one of the
failures of a popular government that
an honest majority may be controlled
and directed by a small minority .of
shrewd rascals. That is exactly wliat
hfcs happened in the passage of this
bill. I venture to say that not one
man in ten who voted for it had the
faintest suspicion that it was a 'graft' *»
*'lf that be true, what chances there
are for men with the gift of true lead
ership and a love of pure justice in
their hearts;", she said uaif-absently;
and be started forward and eaid: "I
beg pardon V
She let the blue-gray eyes meet his
and there "was a passing shadow of
disappointment in them.
"I ought to beg your3. I'm afraid I
was thinking aloud." But "It la one of
my dreams. If I were a n*an I should
go into polillcs."
"To purify them?"
"To do my part in .trying. The great
heart of the people Is honest. and ;well
tneanius:; I think v.-c all admit • that^.
And there Is intelligence,. tod.*; But^hu~>
ma.:i nature is the eame ;ks: lti_U8&4'no^
'be when they set up a raan^whoixoujd;
and called .hi m a king. Gentle or simr"
piti. it must be led." - - 'V,* -*; y$f
"There ia no lack of leadership^; such
« it is," he.hazarded. -;. K^Tr: " '' ' -
!'Xo; but there -seems to be a piti
ful lack of the right kind;., mon who
tviJI put self-seeking and unworthy
ambition aside and lift the standard of
justice and right .doing for its own
s;ilte. Are there any such men nowa
days?"
"I don't know," he rejoined gravely/
"S.ometimes I'm tempted' to doubt' it.
It Is a frantic scramble for place and
poxver for the most part. The kind of
man you have -in mind' isn't < in it:
shuus it as he would a plague spot." -
She contradicted him firmly. .
"No. 'the .kind, of man I have", in
mind wouldn't shun it; he would take
hold with his hands and try to. make
things better; lie would put the selfish
temptations under foot and give the
pt-ople a Jeader worth f ollowing—be
the real mind and hand of 'the well
meaning majority." -
Kent shook his head slowly.
' "Mot unless \ye. adn\it * a -motive
stronger than the abstraction which
we call patriotism." : .- :
"I- don't understand," she said;
meaning, rather, that she refused to.
understand. .
. "I mean that such a* man. however,
exalted his views might be, would have.;
to haws^wj^object. more -personal:, to
him than me mere dutiful promptings
of - patriotism to make him do his
besL" 'V.V- v f > ¦•.,-• . " ¦¦;;¦¦;. ¦¦' ; ; :> -/
"But that would be ;. self-seeking
again." ... , ' - ". ' . - .;.-;¦
"Not ¦ necessarily in • the , narrow
sense. The old 1 "knightly chivalry was
a beautiful thing ; in . Its way/- and' it
gave an uplift to an age which- would
have been frankly; brutal wlthoutUt;
yet it' had j Its in what ap
peals Xo" us vhow as being rather a fan
tastic sentiment." ..
\ "And we are not sentimentalists?"
she suggested. . . \ -.
: . <*No ; " and;, it's worse for use . in .some
respects. ~You will not* find .your yideal,
,, politician 'until "you find ) .a; jnaji.with
i jsornewhat" of the old knightly spirit in
i him..* And.ril go furtKer/and^sayythat
¦w.ben;ybir. do find hini\he; ; wiH'jbe;'at
heir t ¦ the -.champion of \tlie .w^gman '.he
-4ojies*.rathcr- than that: of !a>-p6Utlcal
- constituency." '*' . . .','¦" .:
This is tlw -citnid install
ment of "Tlie <; rafters," a po-
MVn-i'.i story hy Francis l,jnd«'.
nislclk Iwgan hi The Sunday
< all Mat-aziiir <m Oeto!jcr 9.
:ntd n1tk.il will be completed
on October SO. This i« a
Mory of gradually incrrasiiis
iiiU-n>t. and «:m» v.liicli i»or
ltm>« forcefully the ixmrr of
";rralt" in latter-day i>o"fiics.
lVt^loui'is: "The Oraflcr."
«ill appear "The So<-oi»d 5 Irs.
Jim.*? one of the season's iioj>
ul;tr books.
At one time, when success In his
chosen vocation' meant 1 more to him
than he thought.it could ever mean
again, the promoted , subordinate would
have had an attack of jubilance little
in keeping with* the grave responsibili
ties of his office; As it fell.out^he was
too busv to celebrate, and too aore on
the sentimental side to rejoice. Hence,
his recognition of the promotion was
merely a~ deeper " plunge , into the flood
of legalities *nd tha adding of two
-Contrary to the expectations of tha
alarmists and the lawyers, and some
what.'to the disappointment of the lat
ter, the vested .interests showed no dis
position, to test the constlutlonality of
the act in . the courts. So far, Indeed,
from making difficulties, the various
alien corporations affected by the^new
law wheeled promptly Into line-in'com
pliancc with its provisions, vying with
one another in proving, or seeming' to
prove, the time-worn aphorism that
capital can never afford to be otherwise
than strictly law-abiding. . *
.' In the reorganization of the West
ern. Pacific, David Kent developed. at
once and heartily into that rare; and
much-sough t-f or quantity, "a- man "for
an emergency. Loring, «so,vwas a busy
man in this transition period, yet .'he
found time to keep an -appreciative eye
on Kent, and. true to h& implied prom
ise, pushed him vigorously' for the;flrst
place In the legal department of the lo
calized "company*. ; Since' 'the.. resident
\ria*nager. " stood high \ la, the .Boston
counsels of the company. '-the pushing
vfas* not'without resultsfand while Da
vid Kent wa3 still up to.hls eyes ia the
of flogging the .'"•affairs of tha
newly named Transwestern j Into con
formity, with ..the law, his appointment
as. general counsel came from-tha Ad
visory. Board. :;•-•
By the terms of its dating clause ths
new trust and corporation law became
effective at once, "the public .welfare
requiring' it"; _ and though- there was
an ' immediate sympathetic decline In
the -securities involved, there was k no
panic, financial- or industrial, to.mari
the change from the old to the new. '
The Haymakers.
CIIATTKU- Vffl.
Ormsby did not say whether he would
or would not. and the talk' went aside
to less summary ways and means pre
servative of the Brentwood fortunes.
But at the archway of the Came tot
Club, where Kent paused. Ormsby went
back to the debatable ground in an out",
spoken word.
. "I know pretty well now what there
is between us, Kent, and we mustn't
quarrel if we can help it,'*- he said. "If
•you complain that I didn't give you a
fair show, I'll retort that I 'didn't 1 dare
to. Are you satisfied?'.' • ."* '
"No," David Kent; and* with
that they. 'separated. • . , j
'¦'If you don't know without, beinff
told it. proves that, your money has
spoiled -you to that extent. It is be
cause you havo no right to entrap
Miss Brentnood into an obligation
that would make her. your debtor for
the very food she eatw and the clothes
Bhe wears. You will say she need
never know; be very sure she would
find* ou£~~ one' way' or another; and
she would never forgive you.",
"Um." said Ormsby, turning, visi
bly, grim/ "You are frank enough—
•to draw it mildly. Another man in
my place might .suggest that it isn't
Mr. David Kent's affair." .
Kent turned about and caught step
again; ,'
"I've had my say— all of it," ha
rejoined stolidly. "We've been de
cently modern up to now. and wo
won't go back to the elemental things
so late in the day. All the same, you'll
not take it amiss if I t;ay that I know
Miss Brentwood rattier better than
you do."
wheeled suddenly upon his com
panion.
"Ormsby, that's a, thins I've been
afraid of it II along:, and it's the one
thin? you must never do."
"Why not?" demanded the straight
forwaftl Orrasby. .
Kent knew he was skating on thin
ice, but his love for Elinor made him
fearless of conseouences.
The Sunday Call Magazine
THE GRAFTERS"I so instructed Hunnicott. Luckily,
two odour most Important witnesses
are missing. They have always been
missing. In point of fact." {
Loring was-glancing over,' the letter.
"How about this affidavit -business,
and the Falkland stopover?" he; asked.
"Oh, I fancy that's' gossip, pure and
simple, as Hunnicott says, y Hawk is
sharp enough not to let us know if . he.
were baiting, a trap. And' Falkland
probably told the .Clarion man the
simple truth." ' •. ' .
• Loring nodded in his- turn.- - Then he
broke away from the subject . abruptly.
% • '- • • ' ¦ . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ - * -¦
"We fought it, of course— in'the only
way it could be fought in the lower
court. I got a continuance, and we
choked it off in.the«ame way at the
succeeding term. The "woman was
tiied out long ago, but Hawk will hang
on till his teeth fall out."
"Do you 'continue' again ?'\asked the
general manager. '-
Kent nodded.
....uughttuiiy, ana later on tooK It in
to the general manager.
"Just to show you the kind! of Jackal
we have to deal with in the smaller
towns," he said, by way of explanation.
"Here is- a case that Stephen .Hawk
built up out of nothing a year ago.
The woman was put ofr one of our
ttains because she waa trying to trav
el on a scalper's ticket. She didn't care
to fight about It; but when I had about
persuaded .her. to compromise, .for $10
and a pass to her destination, Hawk
got hold of her and Induced her to su«
for ?5000. *
"Well?" said Loring.
wnicn ne wouia apuojni ior tne pre
liminary hearing, did the local attor
ney come alive.
"But, your Honor— a delay of only
twenty-four hours in which to prepare
a rejoinder to rhis petition— to allega
tions of such, astounding: gravity?" he
began, Fhocked into action by the very
ungraspable magnitude of the thing.
"What more could you ask, Mr. Hun
nicott? " said the Judge, mildly. "You
have already had a full measure of de
lay on the original petition. Yet I am
wl}ling to extend the time If you can
come to an agreement with Mr. Hawk
here."
Hunnicott knew the hopelessness of
that and did not make the attempt.
Instead, he essaved a new line of ob
jection.
"The time would be long enough . if
Gaston were the headquarters of the
company, your Horibr. But in such a
grave and important charge as this
amended petition brings, our general
counsel should appear in person,
and- : — "
"You are the company's attorney, Mr.
Hunnicott," said the Judge, dryly;
Vand you have hitherto been deemed
competent . to conduct the case in be
half of the defendant. I am unwilling
to work a 1 hardship to any one, .but I
cannot entertain your protest. The
preliminary hearing will be at 3 o'clock
to-morrow." .. ,. : ¦ . . ." ... ._;..; .; .
Hunnicott knew when he was defin
itely, at the. string's end: and when he
was out of the Judge's" room and the
Courthouse, he made a dash for., his
office,'/ dry-lipped and panting. Ten
It .was half-past 9 when the. all-Im
portant cipher got Itself written out
in the headquarters office at the capi
tal; and for two anxious hours the re
ceiving operator tried by. all means in
his power to find the gener^ counsel —
tried and failed. For,, "to* make the
chain, of mishaps complete In' all its
links,' Kent and Lorlng were spending
the^ evening at Miss 'Portia Van
Bro'ck's". having been bidden to meet a
man they^ were both willing to culti
vate—Oliver. Marston. the Lieutenant
Governor. And for this cause it wanted
but five, minuten of midnight when
Kent burst into Loring's bedroom- on
the third floor of the Clarendon, catas
trophic news in hand.
"For heaven's sake, read that!" he
gasped: and Loring sat on the edge of
the bed to do it. \ -§2i£S
/ v 'So! they've sprung their mine at
last: this is what Senator Duvall waa
trying to sell us," he said quietly, when
he had mastered the purport of Hun
nicott's war news.
Kent had caught. his second wind in
the moment of respite, and was settling
into the collar in a way to strain the
working harness to the breaking point.
"It's a put-ur> Job from away back."
he gritted. "If I'd had the sense of a
packmule I ; should have been on the
tne most important. Ana wnen ne came
to Hunnicott's cipher with the thrice
underlined "RUSH'.' written across Its
face, and had marked the hour of Its
handing in, he had the good sense to
hang up the entire wire business of the
railroad until the thing was safely out
of his office. -_. -V-:.
The engineer wagged his head.
"Ay tank so. Ve maig It all right
iff dey haf bane got dose track clear."
"There are other trains to meet?"
"Ja; two bane comin' dls vay: ant
Nummer Samteen ve. pass opp by."
Oleson dropped off to pour a little oil
into the speed- woundtngs while the
tank was filling: and presently the diz
zying race began again. For a time all
things were propitious. The two trains
to be met were found, gnugly with
drawn on the sidings at Mavero and
Agriculta, and the station semaphores
beckoned the flying special past at full
speed. Kent checked off the dodsins
mile-posts; the pace was bettering the
fastest run ever made on the Prairie
Division— which was saying a good
But at Juniberg. 27 miles out of Gas
ton. there was a delay. Train Number
17. the east bound ; .Ume freight, had
left Juniberg at 1 o'clock, having ample
time to make Lestervllle. the next sta
tion »ast, before the light engine could
possibly overtake it. But \Le«terviUe
had not yet reported its arrival; for
which cause the agent at. Juniberg was
constrained to put out his stop signal,
and Kent's special came to a stand at
the platform. .
Under. the circumstances there ap
peared to be nothing for it but to wait
tance-devouring rush was a b'.urred
picture of a plunging, rocking, clam
oring enarine bounding over mile after
mile of the brown plain; of the endlt>s3
dizzying procession o'f oncoming tele- •
graph poles hurtling like great side
flung projectiles past the cab windows;
of now and then a lonely prairie sta
tion with waving semaphore arms.
Bighted. passed and left behind in" a
whirling sandcloud in- one and the
same heartbeat. And for the cehti*al
figure in the picture, the dne constant
quantity when all els<* was mutable
and shifting and indistinct, the big.
culm-eyed Norwegian on the opposite
oox, hurling hi.s huge machine dog
gedly through space.
At 12:45 they stopped for water" at
a solitary tank in the midst of the
brown desert. Kent got down stiffly
from his cramped seat on the fireman's
box and wetted his parched lips at the
nozzle of th* tender hose.
"Do we make it. Jar!?" he asked.
"Ay tank maybe so. ain'rf it? Yusi
you climb opp dat odder box. Mest«?r
Kent, and hoi' you hair on. Ve bane
gone to maig dat time, als* ve preak
somedings, ja!" and he sent the light
engine spinning down the yards to-^a
quickstep of forty miles an hour. ""
Kent's after-memory of that dis-
"Can you make it by 2 o'clock?" he
asked, when the engineer, a big-boned,
blue-eyed Norwegian, dropped thefe
vcrslng lever Into the corner for the
start.
"Don't you let it come to that, as
long a? you have a leg to stand on. Da
vid," he said. Impressively. "An Inter
regnum of ten days might make it ex
ceedingly difficult for us to prove any
thing." Then, as the telegraph office
watcher came to the door a'rid shook
his head as a sign that Boston was
etill silent: "Your time Is up. Off
with you, and don't let Oleson scare
you when he sets 213 in motion. He
is a good runner, and you have a clear
track." '
Kent clambered to the footplate of
the smart eight-wheeler.
"Necessarily," said Loring. "But^TV.1
banking on the board. I? we don't" get
the 1 ammuAItion ttefore you have to
start I can wire it to you at Gaiton.
That'sivcs cs three hours 'mora- to go
and come on."
"Yes. and if it comes to the worst—
If the decision be unfavorable— it can
only embarrass us temporarily. This is.
merely the preliminary hearing, ami
nothing permanent can be established
until we have had a hearing on -"th=
merits, and we can go armed to that,
at all events." -
The general manager was looking at
his watch, and he shut the case with a
snap.
At ten forty-forty on the Saturday
morning Kent was standing with tha
general manager on the Union station
track platform beside the engine which
was to make the flying run to Gaston.
Nine hours, of sharp work lay be
tween the hurried conference in Lor
ing's bedroom and the drive to the sta
tion at a Quarter before eleven. Bos
ton had been wired; divers and sundry
friends of the railway company had
been interviewed; some few affidavits
had been secured, and now they were
waiting to give Boston its last chance,
with a clerk hanging over tha oper
ator in the station telegraph office to
catch th? first word of encouragement.
"If the Advisory Board doesn't send
us something pretty solid I'm -going:
into this thing lame," said" Kent. dU-^
bipusly "Of course, what Boston can
tend us- trill" be only corroborative: un
fortunately we can't wire" affidavits.
But it will help. What we have se
cured here" focks directness." - -• * -
Without Benefit of Clersry.
CHAPTER X.
"If you will, be patient a little while
longer, I'll go to the wire and try to
find out. I am as much in the dark
as you are."
This last was not strictly true.
Hawk had a telegram in his pocket
which was causing him more uneasi
liess than all the rasping criticisms of
the Xew York attorney, and he -was
rereading it by the light of the corri
dor bracket when a young man sprang
from the ascending elevator and hur
ried to the door of the parlor suite.
Hawk collared his Mercury -before he
cculd ra;i on the door.
"Well?" he queried sharply.
"lt'« Just as you suspected — what
Mr. Hendricks' telegram hinted at. I
met him at the station and couldn't do
a thine with him."
Hawk rose.
"No; he is not of the weakening
kind. And, besides, the scheme is his
own from start to finish, as you
know."
"Well, what is the matter, then?"
Falkland took a cigar from his case,
bit the end of it like a man with a
grudge to satisfy, and began again.
"There is a very unbusinesslike
mystery a.bjjut,all this, Mr. Hawk, and
I may as well tell you shortly that my
time is too valuable to make me toler
ant of half-coiindences. Get lo the
bottom of it. Has your man weak
ened ?"
"And the train — the last -train the
other man can come on; is that in
yet ?"
Hawk consulted his watch.
"A good half-hour ago."
"You had your clerk at the station
to meet it?"
"I did."
"And he hasn't reported?"
**Xot yet."
"I've been trying to tel] you all the
evening that I'm only the hired man
in this business, Mr. Falkland. I
can't compel the attendance of the
other parties."
"Well, it's damned badly managed,
as far a-s we've gone." was the ungra
cious comment. "You say the Judge
refuses to confer with me?"'
"Ab-so-lutely."
Hawk wriggled uneasily in hi3 chair.
He was used to being bullied, not only
by the good and groat, but by the
little and evil as well. Yet there was
a rasp to the great man's impatience
that irritated him.
"How much longer have v.e to
v.ait?" he demanded Inipatiently,
•when the hands of his watch pointed
to the cuarter-hour after 10. "You've
made me travel two thousand miles
to see this thing through: why didn't
you make sure of having your man
here?"
Late that sam» night Stephen
Hawk was keeping a rather
discomforting vigil with a visitor
in the best suite of rooms the
Mid-Continental Hotel In Gaston af
forded. The guest of honor was a
brother lawyer — though he might
fcave refused to acknowledge the re
lationship with the ex-district attor
ney — a keen-eyed, businesslike gentle
man, whose name as an organizer of
vast capitalistic ventures had traveled
far, and whose present attitude was
one of undisguised and angry con
tempt for Gaston and all things Gas
tonian.
Now it chanced that, like all gos
sip, this statement was subject to cor
rection as to details in favor of the
exact fact. It is true that the Gov
ernor, his gigantic figure clad in
sportsmanlike brown duck, might
have been seen boarding the train on
the Monday evening: and in addition
to the ample handbag there were rod
and gun cases to bear out the newspa
per notices. None the less, it was
equally true that the keeper of the
Gun Club shooting box at the termi
nus of the Transwestern** Jump Creek
branch was not called upon to enter
tain so distinguished a guest as the
State executive. Also, it might have
been remarked that the Governor
travelr-d a '.one.
It was about this time." or, to be
strictly accurate, on the day preced
ing the convening of Judge MacFar
lane's court in Guston, that Governor
Bucks took a short vacation — his first
Bince the adjournment of the Assem
bly.
One of the mysteries of this man —
the only one for which his friends
could not always account plausibly —
was his habit of dropping out for a
Cay or a week at irregular intervals,
leaving no dew by which he could be
traced. While he was merely a pri
vate citizen these disappearances fig
ured in the local not°* of the
Clarion as "business trips," object and
objective point unknown or at least
unstated: but since his election the
newspapers were usually more def
inite. On this occasion the public was
duly informed that "Governor Bucks,
with one or two intimate friends, was
taking a few days' recreation with rod
and gun on the headwaters of Jump
Creek" — a statement which the Gov
ernor's private secretary stood ready
to corroborate to all and sundry call-
Ing at the gubernatorial rooms on the
second floor of the CapltoL
Kent took his head out of the cross
seas long enough to answer. By all
means Hunnicott was to obtain an
otker continuance, if possible. And
If, before the case were called, there
should be any new developments, he
was to wire at once to the general of
fice and further instructions would is
6ue.
It was while Kent's head was deep
est in the flood of reorganization that
a letter came from one Blashfield
Hunnicott. his successor in the local
attorneyship at Gaston. asking for in
structions in the Varnum matter.
Judge MacFarlane'g court would con
vene in a week. Was he. Hunnicott.
to let the case come to trial? Or
should he — the witnesses still being
unproducible — move for a further
continuance?
more stenographers to his office force.
Now there is this to be said of such
submerslve battlings in a sea of work;
while the fierce toil of the buffeting
mny be good for the swimmer's soul, it
necessarily narrows his horizon, inas
much as a man with his head in. the
tea smother lacks the viewpoint of the
captain who lights his ship from the
conning tower.
So it befell that while the newly ap
pointed general counsel of the reorgan
ized Western Pacific was bolting his
meals and clipping the nights at both
ends In a strenuous endeavor to clear
the decks for a possible battle royal
at the capital, events of -a. minatory
nature were shaping themselves else
where.
To bring these events down to their
focusing point In the period of transi
tion. It is needful to go back a little;
to a term of the Circuit Court held in
the third year of Gaston the prosper
ous.
Who Mra Melissa Varnum was; how
she came to be traveling from Midland
City to the end of the track on a scalp
er's ticket; and in what manner she
was given her choice of paying fare
to the conductor or leaving the train
at Gaston— these are aetails with which
we need not concern ourselves. Suffice
it to say that Kent, then local attor
ney for the company, mastered them;
and when Mrs. Varnum. through
Hawk, her counsel, sued for five thou
sand dollars damages, he was able to
get a continuance, knowing from long
experience that the jury would certain
ly find for the plaintiff if the case
were then allowed to go trial.
And at the succeeding term of court,
vhich wa6 the one that adjourned on
the day of Kent's transfer to the capi
tal, two of the company's witnesses
had disappeared; and the one bit of
company business Kent had been suc
cessful in doing that day was to post
pone, for a second time, the coming to
trial of the Varnum case.
Duvall. Is it worth while trying to do
anything .with him?"-- : - < > • "TV
s "Oh, I .don't know. I'm .opposed to
the method— the bargain and sale plan
—and I know you are. Turn him over
to me If he comes in again."
When Kent had dictated a letter In
answer to Hunnicott's he dismissed the
Varnum matter from his mind, havln g
other and more Important, things to
think of. So on the Friday when th«*
case was reached on Judge MacFar
lane's docket— but, really, in.it worth
our while to be present In the Gaston
courtroom to see and hear what De
falls. .
When the Varnum case was cal| e «
Hunnicott promptly moved for a third
continuance, in accordance with his in
structions. The Judge heard his argu
ment, the old and well-worn one of the
absence of important witnesses, witn
perfect patience, and after listening to
Hawk's protest, which was hardly
more than mechanical, he granted the
continuance.
¦ Then, came the afterpiece. Court
adjourned and immediately Hawk
asked leave to present, "at chambers,
an amended petition. Hunnicott waa
waylaid by a court officer as he was
leaving the room; and a moment later,
totally unprepared, , he was In the
Judge's office, listening In some dazed
fashion while Hawk went glibly
through the formalities of presenting
his petition. ,
Not until the papers were served
upon him as the company's attorney
and the.*. Judge was naming 3 o clock
©£ the following afternoon 'the time
"That's all, then; all but one word.
Your Judge is a weak brother. Notwith
standing all the pains I took to show
him that his action ,would be technic
ally .unassailable, he. was ready to fly
the track at any moment. Have you
got hiro safe?"
Bucks held up one huge hand ..with
the thumb and forefinger tightly
pressed together. '¦¦ .
"I've got him- right there." he said.
t : . ¦ . . ... t : i '.. . c •
"Of the three Justices, one of them
was elected on our ticket; another is a
personal friend of Judge MacFarlane.
The goods avIH be delivered." , '
"I've got a man I can hang, which
is more to the purpose. It's Major
Jim Guilford. He lives here; want to
meet him?"
"God forbid!" said Falkland, fervent
ly. He rose and whipped himself into
his overcoat, turning to Hawk: "Have
your young man get me a carriage,
and see to it that my special is ready
to pull east when I give the word, will
you?"
Hawk went obediently, and the New
Yorker had his final word with the
Governor alone.
"I think we understand each other
perfectly," he said. "You are to have
the patronage: we are to pay for all
actual betterments for- which vouchers
can be shown at the close of the deal.
All wa ask is that the stock be de
pressed to the point agreed upon within
the half-year."
"It's going to be done," said the Gov
ernor, trying as he could to keep the
eye-Image cf his fellow conspirator
from multiplying. Itself by two.
"All right. Now as to the court af
fair. If it Is managed exactly as I
liave outlined, there will be no trouble
—and- no recourse for the other fellows.
When I say that. I'm leaving out your
Supreme Court. Under certain condi
tions, if the defendant's hardship could
be- definitely shown, a writ, of certio
rarl and supersede as might issue. How
about that?" .
The Governor closed one eye slowly,
the better to check the troublesome
multiplying process.
"The Supreme ¦ Court won't move In
the matter. The ostensible reason will
be that th court Is now two years be
hind its docket."
"And the real reason?"
"You won't want to be known in
this, I take it," he said, nodding
at the Governor. "Mr. Hawk
here will answer well enough
for the legal part, but how about
the business end of it? Have you got
a man you can trust?"
The Governor's yellow eyebrows met
in a meaning scowl.
The conference in Falkland's rooms
was chiefly a monologue with the
sharp-spoken New York lawyer in the
speaking part. When it was concluded
the Judge took his leave abruptly,
p'eading the lateness of the hour and
liis duties for the morrow. When he
was gone the New Yorker began
again. ¦
"Cut that out, too, and come along,"
said the Governor, brutally, and by the
steadying help of the chair, the door
post and the wall of the corridor, he led
lie way to the parlor suite on the floor
below.
It v/as Macquold who apoke, and the
three apparitors, breathing hard, sat
upon the prostate man and bared his
arm for the physician. ."When the
apomorphla began to do Its work there
was a ctruggle of another sort, out of
which emerged a pallid and somewhat
stricken reincarnation of the Governor.
"Falkland is waiting at the hotel and
he and MacFarlane can't get together,"
said Hawk, tersely, when the patient
was fit to listen. "Otherwise we
shouldn't have disturbed you. It's all
day with the scheme If you can't show
up.'"
The Governor groaned and passed his
hand over his eyes.
"Get me into my dothes-^Johnson
has the grip— and give me all the time
you can," was the sullen rejoinder; and
in due course the Hon. Jasper G. Bucks>
clothed upon and In his right mind,
was enabled to keep his appointment
with the New York attorney at the
Mid-Continent Hotel.
But first came the whipping-in of
MacFarlane. .Eucks went alone to the
Judge's room on the floor- above the
parlor suite. It was now near mid
night, but MacFarlane had not gona
to bed. He was a spare man, with thin
hair, graying rapidly at the temples,
and a care-worn fac"e; the face of a
man whose tasks or responsibiltles. or
both, have overmatched him. He waa
walking the floor with his head down
and his hands — thin, nerveless hands
they were— tightly locked behind him,
when the Governor entered. • -
For a large man the Honorable Jas
per was usually able to handle his
weight admirably; but now he clung
to the door-knob until he could launch
himself at a chair and be sure of hit
ting it. . , '
"What's this Hawk's telling me about
you. MacFarlane?". he : demanded,
frowning portentously.
**I don't know what he. has told you.
But it is too flagrant, Bucks;" I can't
do it, and that's all there Is about it."
The protest was feebly fierce, and there
was the snarl of a' baited animal In the
tone.
"It's too late to make difficulties
now," was the harsh reply. "You've
got to do it." '
"I tell you. I can not, and I will not!"
"A late attack of conscience, eh?"
sneered the Governor, who was sober
ing rapidly now. "Let me aak a ques
tion or two. How much was that se
curity debt your son-in-law let you in
for?"
"It was $10,000. It is an honest debt,
and I shall pay It."
"But not out of the salary of a Cir
cuit Judge," Bucks, interposed. "Nor
yet out of the fees, you make your
clerks divide with you. And that isn't
all. Have you forgotten the gerry
mander business? How would you
like to see the true inwardness of that
ir.. the "newspapers? ' ..
The Judge shrank as if the huge ges
turing' hand had struck Mm.
"You wouldn't dare,". he began.' "You
wen; in that too. deeper than — .".'
Again the Governor interrupted him.
"Cut it out," he commenced. "I can
reward, and I can punish. You are. not
going to do anything technically ille
gal; but. by the gods, you are going to
walk the line laid down for you. If
you don't, I shall give the documents
in the gerrymander affair to the papers
the day after you fail. Now we'll go
and see Falkland."
'MacFarlane made one last protest.
'For God's sake, Bucks, 8pare me
that. It Is nothing less than the foul
est collusion between the Judge, the
counsel for the plaintiff— and the
devil!"
.."Where has he cone?" i • j
"To the same old place." T
"You followed him?"
"Sure. That" is. what kept me bo
long."
Hawk hung upon his decision for the
barest fraction of a second. Then he
gave his orders concisely.
"Hunt up Dr.Macquold and get him
out to the club house as quick as you
can. Tell him to bring his hypodermic
I'll be there with all the help he'll
need." »
And when the young man was gone
Hawk smote the air with a clenched
fist and called down the Black. Curse
of Shlelygh, or its modern equivalent,
on all the fates subversive of well-laid
plans.
A quarter of an hour later, on the up
per floor of the club house at the Gen
tlemen's Driving Park, four men burst
in upon a fifth, a huge figure in brown
duck, crouching in a corner like a wild
beast at bay.- A bottle urid a tumbler
stood- on the table under the hanging
lamp; and with the crash of breaking
glass which followed the mad-bull rush
of the duck-clothed giant the reek of
French brandy filled the room.
"Hold him still. If you can, and pull
up that sleeve."
¦: T. ' CHAPTER IX. »~>i T
The Shocking: of Hunnicott. . ,
It was two. weeks after the date of
the Governor's fishing trip, and by con
sequence Judge MacFarlane's court
had been the even fortnight in session
In Gaston/ when Kent's attention was
recalled to the forgotten . Varnum case
by another letter from the local attor
ney, Hunnicott. •
."Varnum vs. Western Pacific comes
up Friday of this week, and they are
going to press for trial this time, and
no mistake." wrote the local represen
tative. / "Hawk has been chasing
around getting affidavits; for ': what
purpose I don't know, though Lesher
tells me that one of them was 'sworn
to by Houllgan, the sub-contractor who
tried to fight the engineer's estimates;
on the Jump. Creek work. .
"Also, there" is a. story, going the
rounds that the suit is to be made a
blind for bigger game, ' though ! X guess
this is all gossip, based on the fact
that Mr. Semple Falkland's private car
stopped over here two weeks ago, from
S o'clock in the afternoon till midnight
of the same day. Jason, of the Clarion,
Interviewed the New Yorker, and Falk
land told him he had stopped over to
look up the securities on a' mortgage
held by one of, his New York clients."
Kent : reaA < this unofficial:' Uttet
"If you and Hawk have got your pa
pers in good shape, the thing will go
through like a -hog under a barbed*
wire fence."' . , u 1 - '
"Sit down," he' said: and when Kent
had found a chair: "I had a caller this
morning— Senator. Duvall." . , ,
State Senator Duvall had , been the
father, or. the ostensible father, of the
Senate amendment to House bill 29. He
was, known to the corporations' * lobby
as a legislator;* who would sign a rail
road's ¦ death , warrant with one hand
and take favors from It with the other;
and, Kent, laughed.
"How "many did he demand passes
for this time? Or was It a special train
he wanted?"
"Neither the one nor the . other, this
morning-, as It happened," said the gen
eral manager. "Not to put too fine an
edge upon it, he had something to sell,
and he wanted me to buy It."
"What, was it?", Kent. asked: quickly.
•' Lorlng '.was rubbing his eyeglasses
.absently* with the corner of his hand
kerchief.- . '
"I guess I. made a mistake in,- not
turning him, over to you, David. He
was too smooth for me. I couldn't find
out just what It was he-had. for sale.
He talked vaguely about an Impend
ing < crisis . and a roan who had some
information to dispose of; said the man
had come to him because he was known
to be a firm friend of the Transwest
ern, and so on." v
Kent gave his opinion promptly. .
"It's a capltol-gang deal of some sort
to hold us up: and Duvall is willing
to sell out his fellow conspirators If
the price is right."
£ "Have'yquany notion of -what It: isT*
Kent shook bis head, >
minutes sufficed for the writing of a
telegram, to Kent; and he was halfway
down to. the station with it when It
occurred to him that it would never
do to trust the incendiary thing to the
wires in plain English. There was a lit
tle-used cipher code In his desk pro
vided'for Just such emergencies, and
back he ..went to labor sweating, over
the task of securing secrecy at the ex
pense, of the precious minutes of time.
Wherefore, ." it was 4 o'clock when he
handed, the telegram to the station
operator, and adjured him by all that
was good and great not to" delay its
sending.
It was Just here he made his first and
only slip, since he did not stay to see
the thing done. It chanced that the
regular day operator was off on leave
of absence, and his. substitute, a young
man from the train-dispatcher's office,
was a person who considered the com
pany wires an exclusive appanage of
the train service department. At the
moment of Hunnlcott's assault he was
taking an order for No. 17; and ob
serving that the lawyer's cipher "rush"
covered four closely written pages, he
hung It upon the Bending hook with a
malediction on the legal department for
burdening the wires with its mall cor
respondence, and bo forgot it.
It was 9 o'clock when the night oper
ator came on duty: and being a careful
man. he not only looked first to his send
ing hook, but was thoughtful enough
to run over the accumulation of mes
sages waiting to be transmitted, to the
end that he might give precedenuce to
"Yes."
"Then we have till 11 o'clock to
morrow to prepare. I'll be ready by
that time."
"David, you are a brick when it
comes to the infighting," said the
general manager; and then h'« fin
ished buttoning: hi3 collar.
Kent wa,s walking the floor again,
but now the strength of the man was
coming uppermost.
"Never mind; we'll wire 'Boston,
and then we'll do what we can here.
Could you get mp to Gaston on a
special engine In three hours?"
"Haven't we? Don't you see how
nicely the thing is timed? Ten days
later our Transwestern reorganiza
tion would be complete and we could
swear our own officers on the ' spot.
These people know what they are
about."
"Certainly; that is the proper re
joinder — the only one, in fact." said
Kent; then, as a great doubt laid
hold of him and shook him: "You
don't mean to say there Is any doubt
about our ability to do it?"
"Oh. no; I suppose not, if It comes
to a show-down. But I wai thinking
of your man Hunnicott- Doesn't It
occur to you that he is in Just about
as good a fix to secure those affidavits
In Gaston as we are here. David?"
. "Good Lord! Do you mean that
we have to send to Boston for our am
munition?" •' *
*;The mastodonic cheek of th* thine"'
he kept repeating, until Lorlng pulled
him down with another quiet remark
"Tell me what we have to do. David'
I am a little lame in law matter 3 ••
"Do? We have to appear tn Judce
MacFarlane's court to-morrow after
noon prepared to *how that this thinir
is only a hold-up with a blank cart
ridge. Hawk meant to take a anaD
Judgment. He counted on throwing the
whole thing up against Hunnicott
knowing perfectly well that a little \q\
cal attorney at a wayside station
couldn't begin to secure the necessary
affidavits."
Lorlng paused with one end of his
collar flying loose.
"Let me understand." "he said. "Do
w> have to disprove these charges by
affidavits?"
Loring began to dre*s while Kent
¦walked the floor in a 'hot flt of in> D a.
tience. v
"We get busy at the drop of the hat
Luckily, we have the news, though I'll
bet high it wasn't Hawk's fault that
this message came through with no
more than eight hours' delay. Get into
your clothes, man! The minutes are
precious now!"
lookout for Just such a trap as this.
Look at the dafe of that message!" -
The general manager did look, and
shook his head. "'Received. 3:35, p
M.;, Forwarded. 9:17. P. M.' That will
coat somebody his Job. What do we
do?"
SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL\
"Mot the slightest. THe ways have
been tallowed for us, thus far, and I
don't fully understand it. ' I presented
our charter for retlling yesterday, and
Hendricks passed it without a, word.
As I was coming out of the secretary's
office I met Bucks. ! We were pretty
nearly open enemies in the old days in
Gaston, but he went out of his way to
shake hands and to congratulate^ me
on my appointment as general coun
sel."
- "That was warning in itself, wasn't
it?" •
"I took it that way. But I can't
fathom hi.s drift, whirh is the more un
accountable since I have it on pretty
good authority that the ring is i-inch
ing the other companies right and left.
Some one was saying at the Camelot
last night that the Overland's reor
ganization of its withln-the-State lines
v.'as going to cost all kinds of money in
excess of the legal fees." .
Lorlng'g smile was a wordless sar
casm. •
"It's the reward of virtue." he said
ironically. "We were not in the list of
subscribers to the conditional fund for
purchasing a' certain veto which didn't
materialize." ; -
"And Tor that very if for no
other, we may look out for squalls."
Kent- asserted. "Jasper G. Bucks has
a long memory,, and just now the fates
have given him an arm to match.. I am
fortifying everywhere I can. but if the
junta has it in for us we'll be made 'to
sweat ? blood before we are through
¦with It." -,-* • ;
¦ "Which, brings us back to Senator
-¦.;¦. • •*¦ .¦¦¦. . . ;.. i -.. .-¦- '..- I "'no_textno_textno_textno_textno_textno_textno_textno_textThis is conceded to be a different age
from that of Jenner, and yet certain
conditions exist now that are" condu
cive to the spread of the disease that
did not exist in his time. Population
has increased,- particularly in cities,
means of locomotion have multiplied
and there is a closer commercial rela
tion between nations than ever before,
so -that infection is easily transferred
from one country. to another.
Some persons should: not be submit
ted to the operation of vaccination, as
its success depends largely upon the
condition of the blood and system'gen
.... - • ..
due haste and insufficiency, inferiority,
or, failure of lymph in times of panic.
i The abolition of compulsion would
mean the negleqt ef vaccination and
the accumulation of unprotected per
sons in a community, so that in the
¦ panic produced by an epidemic vaccin
ation would be overtaxed, with serious
results, and there would be an insuffi
cient supply of lymph. The ignorant
and the improvident, neglect vaccina
tion, as they do' other prudent meas
ures that bear remote results. Many
'be the medical fraternity contend that
¦it might be well to do away with com
pulsion, as pestilence la one of the
agencies by which overpopulation is
regulated and that It usually picks oft
the weak and those not well fitted to
battle with life.
Statistics showing the' efficacy of vac
cination" seem to be conclusive, but it
will be seen that they differ widely
from those introduced bv anti-vacclna
tionists. Both factions are positive
that figures presented by them are cor
rect. Regard is certainly due to the
opinions of such eminent authorities as
servj>d on the German Vaccination
Commission of 1SS4. In their opinion
the credit of diminishing mortality in
Germany was due to compulsory re
vaccination. Most important evidence
is shown in reports compiled in Eng
land and Wales. Before the introduc
tion of vaccination there were 3000
death3 In every million of the popula
tion from smallpox, while in 1890 this
disease caused only fifteen deaths in
England, and the annual number of
deaths In ten years, 1SS1-00. Inclusive,
was one-seventieth part only of the
death rate of pre-vaccination times. It
is held that vaccination not only great
ly diminished the number stricken, but
that it greatly influenced the death
rate among those attacked. In Shef
field, in the outbreak of 1S37-SS, of 4151
vaccinated patients 200 died, or 4.8 per
cent; of 652 unvacclnated patients 274
died, or 49.6 per cent. If the death rate
of vaccinated children under ten years
of age* during this same epidemic, had
been at the same rate as that of the
unvaccinated there would have been
4400 deaths*, whereas there were only 9
such death3.
In Prussia the mortality from small
pox In the year 1835 was 27 per every
100,000 persons, while in 1886, vacclqp
tion and revaccination being obliga
tory, the death rate was reduced to but
0.39 per 100.000 Inhabitants. Only one
great epidemic has occurred since vac
cination was made obligatory— that of
1871-72— while in the preceding century,
there were 32 epidemics. The pro-vac
cinatlonists do not claim that the mild
ness of modern epidemics is due solely
to vaccination. Notification, Isolation
and disinfection are admitted as sup
plementary measures, while the sever
ity and extent depend largely upon
the season, dwelling, mode of life and
care of the skin. *
as it is chimerical and it is as irrational
as it is presumptuous." Another au
thority cited is Dr. Stowell, an English
physician of twenty years' 1 experience,
who says: "The general declaration of
my patients enables me to proclaim
that the vaccination notion is not only
a delusion, but a curse to humanity."
Charles Ruata in the New York Medi
cal Journal July 22, 1899, makes the
startling statement that 3S.5 per" cent
of the population were vaccinated and
yet In the years 1887-88-89 42,272 deaths
from smallpox occurred. In Italy there
were 16,000 deaths, whiie 08 per cent of
the people were vaccinated. The sweep
ing statement is made that "about 60
per cent of all physicians' who have
practiced their professions more than
five years know that vaccination is not
only dangerous, but entirely. Ineffective
as a preventive against smallpox^" -
Many physicians claim that immunity
can be secured by the use of certain
preventive remedies. Revaccination is
Etrongly objected to on the ground that
no doctor is certain from the cicatrix
whether revaccination is necessary or
not. One prominent sneaker cited the
case cf a man who was declared im
mune on account of a remarkably
good cicatrix. when the fact was it
was only the scar from the bite of a
colt. The opposition holds that doctors
who practice it should be made to pay
damages in case of death or disability.
They say that the mildness of modern
epidemics Is due solely to isolation and
sanitation. "The whole world is vacci
nated and yet smallpox exists."
• Statistics from the armies of differ
ent countries are given to prove that
soldiers vaccinated, and revaccinated
many times have not been immune
from attacks of the disease. In fact, it
"is asserted that epidemics begin with
the vaccinated and the revaccinated.
Some of the prominent speakers at
anti-vaccination meetings have been
those whose objection to the practice
Is based upon the loss by death of some
member of the family as a result of
vaccination and it is held that compul
sion under such painful circumstances
Is little less than cruelty. In support
of their opposition to Its continuance
many statistics have been complied to
show the cause of death to have been
from vaccination. It is said that in
England 25,000 children are annually
slaughtered by disease inoculated Into
the system by virus, while by far a
greater number are disabled or Injured
for life. It Is contended that there Is
no definite way for physicians to de
termine the character of the vaccine
used, and that there is no way of test-
Ing the absolute purity of what Is
placed upon the market. In the north
of England a house to house canvass
was made for the purpose of gaining
trustworthy Information, with the re
sult that 750 deaths were alleged to
be due to vaccination, while there were
3135 cases of injury recorded. It is
cited that nine cases of lockjaw oc
curred in Philadelphia In three days.
Another instance mentioned , is that out
of forty' inoculate'd children tilne died
of vaccinia. In? 1885 ¦ Dr. Andua, a
prominent physician' of Asprieres, vac
cinated forty-two children. .All were
attacked with fever, and six were dead
At tha anti-vaccination meetings it is
pointed out that people suffer from
lack of knowledge and that the theory
of. vaccination has not been strength
ened by virtue of its age.
The most important objections made
to the inoculation of virus as now
practiced by most physicians are that
it cannot be proven that smallpox epl
domics have been lessened by its prac
tice; that vaccine causes the system to
become impregnated with different poi
sons; that there Is an Increased mor-*
tallty from diseases inoculated into
the system by vaccination, and the law
of compulsion is considered un-Ameri
can. It is claimed that vaccination Is
a "risky business" and a "filthy fad,"
which originated* in a dairy maid su
perstition, first promulgated by a bar
ber named Jenner.
To prove its inefficiency such au
thorities as Dr. Charles Ruata, Dr.
Buckner Basel, Dr. Gregory, Dr. Crue
¦well, Dr. Stowell and the late Herbert
Spencer are freely quoted. K A numb'er
of periodicals are published In support
of the antl-vacdnat!on theory, notably
the Antl-Vacclnatlon Inquirer of Lon
don and one published in Terre Haute,
Indiana, called Vaccination. Dr. Greg
ory, medical director of the London
Smallpox Hospital, in the Medical
Times of January, 1S52, is quoted as
caying: "The Idea of extinguishing
smallpox by vaccination is as absurd
THE California Anti-Compulsory
Vaccination League is the name
of. a new organization that
threatens California. Its object
is to create a sentiment throughout the
State against the compulsory vaccina
tion of public school children as now
required by the State school law. A
determined effort on the part of those
actively connected wltn this new so
ciety will be made to have the vaccina
tion act wiped from the statutes at the
ccmlng session of the. State Legisla
ture. As the matter now. stands the
law seems to have been thoroughly
tcEted, as the State Supreme Court has
three times affirmed its validity. Many
are satisfied with the law which pro
hibits the attendance at school of chil
dren having contagious diseases.
The most active agitation seems to
have centered in Oakland and Berke
ley, where legal measures have been
taken to restrain the Boards of Edu
cation from enforcing the law. The
school authorities are, however, deter
mined to insist upon strict compliance
with the law, with the result that In
Berkeley 885 pupils of the public
schools were excluded from the class
rccms."
As a result of the antagonism of the
opposing forces, mass meetings have
been held and overcrowded halls have
been proof of the Interest of the com
munities in the agitation.
The purpose of this article is not to
take sides for or against vaccination,
but to present the arguments and sta
tistics introduced by both factions, that
a clear understanding may be had of
tho matter as regarded from different
points of view.
Anti-Vaccination.
American liberty should, grant to
every* citizen freedom of individual be
lief and action,;; but there are times
when that freedom should be, to a cer
tain degree, restricted.
erally. Many physicians .-refuse to
practice it at all unless they have a
personal knowledge of the constitution
of the patient. That death Is some
times due to its practice 13 .admitted
by those favoring it, but this' is always
the result of accident. According to the
German commission previously referred
to, "no probable Increase of any par
ticular disease has taken place as the
consequence of vaccination." Any open
sore is liable to infection.; Death IS
frequently caused by no more serious
accident than running a . sliver Into
one's flnger.\ Considering the Immense
number of vaccinations performed and
with the same constant danger of in
fection as to any wound, it Is quite ex
traordinary that so few fatalities occur.
Want of care and absence of antiseptic
precautions or use of human lymph
are causes of infection or poisoning.
Many fatalities' have been traced to
improper cleansing of . the vaccinating
needle. It hag been • definitely deter
mined that only animal lymph should
be used. The great advantage of the
use' of calf lymph" Is that it sweeps
away any suspicion of the inoculation
of other diseases. Syphilis cannot be
communicated to animals. Lymph is
now being prepared from carefully se
lected calves that are quarantined and
closely observed for some length of
time before vaccination, and before
placing the lymph on the market the
animal should be killed and tests made
upon the body to Insure its absolute
healthiness.
Dr. Cory, the director of the animal
vaccination station of the local Govern
ment board, in his evidence before the
royal co-mmlFSion of England states
that from 1SS2-S3 32,002 vaccinations
were performed with calf lymph and
that there were only eight deaths. Of
these only two could be reasonably at
tributed to vaccination, namely, two
cases of wound disease — cellulitis and
erysipelas. This mortality is probably
not even so high as that resulting from
common cuts and scratches.
The case of the loss of six children
out of forty-two vaccinated by Dr.
Andua in 1SS5 is so frequently referred
to by antl-vacclnatlonists. is explained
by P. Bronardel of Paris, who shows
that death was due to the use of hu
man virus. That Leicester, England,
has prohibited vaccination for years,
and ' has escaped a scourge is due
wholly to the fact that it is sur
rounded by a population which is pro
tected by vaccination.
The evidence so far leads to the con
clusion that the best defense of a-com
munity against smallpox is not the re
peal of the law of compulsion, but in
adopting the following measures: The
use of calf lymph only, compulsory pri
mary vaccination In Infancy, occasional
revaccination, isolation of imported
cases of disease, disinfection and sani
tation. The present agitation will tend
to educate the people of the communi
ty, will make physicians more careful
in their selection of lymph, care
of Instruments and cleanliness of
wounds. ' :"V
The existence of the disease in the
United States to-day is due in the main
to individuals who resist attempts for
the protection of the population. No
man is responsible to himself alone for
the care of his own body. An unvae
clnated group of persons in a com
munity are a menace to the health of
the entire population, and it Is con
tended that no one has the right to
endanger the life of the entire commu
nity by refusing to comply with the
law.
The majority of medical practition
ers throughout the world are strong in
their support of the Jenner theory of
vaccination and scarcely consider it
worth while to attempt to refute the
views of the "fanatical anti-vaccina
tion'party." Suaij. authorities. as John
F. J. Sykes of London, John William
Moore of Dublin, Pasteur,. Koch and
Sir John Simons will be freely quoted
in this treatise. The mass of evidence
confirming the protective power of
vaccination and revaccination is Irre
sistible and opposition to it Is due prin
cipally to the objection to compulsion.
The objects of compulsion are the ab
solute necessity of protecting the larg
est percentage possible of the popula
tion for the benefit of. the whole com
munity; ':. to secure. a regular and suffi
cient supply of lymph; to prevent un-
The fact that the town of Leicester,
in England, has prohibited vaccination
and that smallpox has been unknown
there for years is held up as an exam
ple of what all towns would be Svith
out it.
Many of the opposition Justify their
opinions simply upon the ground that
compulsion interferes with liberty and
that taxation without education is tyr
rany. _A strong expression used is that
"rebellion to tyrants is obedience to
God." The claim Is made that the law
was not passed at the instigation of
nor by the wish of the people, but that
it was through the efforts of "a few
political doctors and in the interests of
the vaccine trust."
In refusing to comply with the law,
many agitators express themselves as
being unwilling to become martyrs to
a superstition, to submit to any inter
ference with their religious belief (to
this class belong Christian Scientists,
faith cure adherents and various kinds
of healers), but Insist upon the right
of every American citizen to enjoy that
"American liberty which is supposed
to grant to each and every one freedom
of individual belief and action."
In Favor of Vaccination.
the next day. The . health '-'office of
Berlin showed In 1891 1OCK) deaths; re
sulting frc-m vaccination. ." • . .' ' -
It is contended that no correct, esti-.
mate is possible of the harm. done, by
this vicious practice, as many fatali
ties are covered up; but it Is responsi
ble for the long death lists of erysipe
las, heart disease, tuberculosis, pneu
monia, kidney 'disease and insanity. In
fact, almost any disease that flesh is
heir to may be attributed to vaccina
tion. Herbert Spencer is quoted as
saying "that the ravages of influenza"
of recent years are directly attributa
ble to vaccination and that la grippe
was never such a menace . to health
until vaccination became almost uni
versal." Infantile syphilis increased in
England, from 1S53 to 18S3, In propor
tion to vaccination. Dr. Cruewell, con
sidered by many a' hign medical au-»
thorlty, swore under oath: "Every In
oculation of so-called prolectic pox is
syphilitic poisoning." Thus it is con
tended that even if smallpox has vir
tually been annihilated, general mor
tality has increased, and there is every
recson to attribute this to the practice
of vaccination. " : \-
QUESTION OF COMPULSORY VACCINATION
Boon after this the great chief was
obliged to go hunting, as almost all
the food was gone. He left Yehl
Quite alone in the hous- and the very
first thing he did was to cut the skin
strings of the box that was harming
from the roof and ict out his uncle's
pretty wife. As she stepped out of
the box two little birds flew out from
under her arms and they at once
guessed that they would fly off to tell
the chief. Sure enough In a few mo
ments he came rushing in, roaring
with rage and called out as loud as he
could, pointing to the sea:
"Let the tide come up."
Higher and higher rose the tide un
til the house was covered, but Yehl
changed himself Into a monstrous
crow and flew up to the sky, where
he hung on the edge of a cloud until
the floods had gone down again.
After this he called a great sea ot
ter to htm and sent him to the bot
tom of the sea, telling him to bring
back a quantity of a certain kind of
fine sand. Out of this sand he made
the world we live in now. When the
•world was made it was as bare as the
sand of which Yehl made it. But he
took some seaweed, chewed it up very
fine and spat it out und it grew and
became all the vegetation of the,
earth. Then Yehl made the animals*
and last of all he ma.de men and
women-
He made the first man out of stone,
but he proved to be dull and heavy.
Also Yehl was afraid he might be
come too powerful and reisn over him.
so he took a stick of wood and this
time the men were light and active.
Some say that Yehl made his man
out of a leaf end the woman out of
the blossom of a wild strawberry, but
no one believes this now.
About that time all the fire was on
one little island far off in the sea.
Ea asked tha boy to go out with him
In b'.s bark canoe fishing and In the
deepest part of the rfver tipped the
boat over. But Yehl let himself sink
to tha bottom and walked ashore on
tha «and-- Then his uncle took him Into
tha darkest, wildest part of the forest
a^a tying him up in a bark canoe left
h<m to starve. But again Yehl put
oot hU strong arms, broke the bonds,
picked up the canoe and .trotted home
with It.
L
* £ T T Is in the songs, the traditions,
I the folk lor« of a people that
I »e get the most Intimate and
the most unerring view of them."
Once upon a time there was a great
chief. He was of a very wicked nature
and very jealous of everybody, but
most so of his lovely young wife. He
even kept her shut up in a big box,
which he hung from the roof by cords
cf skins. This chief had a sister also,
who had two sons, but both the chil
dren and their mother feared this chief
fcr his cruel ways and hid as far away
as possible. One day, however, he
found them all and instantly killed
both the boys, saying he feared that
when they gTew older they might steal
his wife away.
Then the sorrowful mother fled and
hid herself, crying all day and night
for her pretty boys. In the evening,
as Ehe was weeping, there appeared to
her e crane. She thought the crane
was a man. fcrr so he seemed to her,
while he was really a wonderful magic
crane who could do strange things. The
crane asked her many questions about
her sad fortune and sympathized with
her very kindly. Finally he told her to
choose a Email round pebble from the
•bore as clean and white as she could
find and to swallow It. This she did
«.nd after a little time she bore a child,
a »on, who was the famous Yehl, about
Trtioin many stories are told over the
fire* In winter nights.
Yehl'a mother hid him carefully, for
she remembered his wicked uncle and
feared for hl» life. But In less than
tta days tha baby had become a full
grown man. tall and fearless. Then his
xaether was glad and gave him a bow
and arrows and taught him to shoot
ttr&lftot and true. Then she brought
fttm cpenly to the house of the great
chief, who, cf course, pretended to be
pleased, but that very moment plotted
to destroy him.
Once upon a time there was no moon
for a long, long time. And the white
people were afraid. They- thought that
the Great Spirit, who had charge of the
sky, was very angrry and mig-ht never
put the moon out any more. And they
were sorrowful, for up there they love
the soft moonlight very much. ,
And so the raven, who .was friendly
to them and also very clever.' offered to
fly.up into the blue and try to see what
•was the matter. He went, and was
gone a long while, but was unabte to
find out anything except that the Great
Spirit kept the moon and the stars in a
box and that only he himself had the
key.
Then the clever raven changed him
self into the most beautiful little" boy
you could imagine and went to see the
Great Spirit. Here he soon made him
self at home, and by-and-by the Great
Spirit became as fond of him as any
grandfather and grave him hl3 own way
in everything— except when he' asked
for the moon and star box to play .with.
But one day the sweet little raven boy
begged so hard and cried so loudly that
he got the coveted box. In the twink
ling of an eye he changed himself into
a raven asain and flew off with the
moon and stars as hard as he could.
He kept dropping the stars all alonj
the but the. moon was so big he
could hardly manage it. So he began
to bite'ofT bits of it with his sharp
beak and let the bits drop into the
water, where they lay shining.
And i? you do not believe this story.
go and look at the water any moonlight
night.
the stream to wash . them and then
hung them up to dry. -They waited and
waited, but the clothes were as wet as
before. Then the girls grew impatient
and called at the top of their voices:
"Oh, north wind, please come quickly
and dry our clothes."
And the north wind heard and came
along with such power that he froze all
the streams and started a mass of Ice
rushing along toward the ocean. When
the Indians saw this they were- fright
ened-almost to death, and finding out
from the poor girls that they were the
cause of the mischief, took them and
threw them right In the path of the ice.
Suddenly the Ice stopped, and has re
mained so always except when a few
little bits crumble off wlth>a loud noise
to remind the Indians and make them
careful about calling the north/wind to
do work for them.
. . - n. _
« Wayup In the great north. on the
very edge of the world, where are the
long silences, the dark days and the
pale, strange midnight sun, there is
one thing more precious than anything
else. It is fire.
• For where flre Is. there life is also:
and where flre is not, there Is death.
- All. this the big bear knows as well as
anybody. But the bear has been the
sworn enemy of the people ever since
there were any, and he watches and
waits with his mad, red little .eyes to
see if he can do them a mischief.
Once it .so happened that all tha fire
in the northland was in the care of Just
two people, an old man and his little
son. They knew its value, however, and
were very careful to keep it always be
tween their hands wherever they went.
They slept watch and watch about— ons
always awake an,d watching tha pre
cious flame.
One night when It was the boy's turn
to sleep the old man grew very weary.
He was too old and could no longer
keep wide awake In the sleepy mow.
And at last he. too. slept quita soundly.
Then the great bear, who had traveled
behind them for a long time, saw his
opportunity. He would steal up and
put out the flre. Then all these hated
people would freeze and ' die and tha
north go back to the old 'quiet* times be
fore the people came, * And- that would
rejoice the bear folk mightily. >r '
So the bear slipped up softly. and put
ting out his enormous flat paws scat
tered the flre far over the snow., And
the two men never wakened. *¦ Then the
bear went away, much pleased, and
told the bear folk that the- bad people
were finished forever.
But he had counted without the birds,
who loved the people A much aa the
bears hated them, and who also
watched, but only to help them. And
thus it happened that a little bird who
had followed the men, flying after the
bear, was concealed among the branches
of the firs. As the bear struck out the
flre he caught one last spark upon his
breast, and though It burned deep Into
his breast feathers he kept it and flew
far with it to the people in the south,
where he gave it to them and saved
the land to them to this day. ..
And ever since the spark has been
glowing upon his bosom. And that the
people might remember and be glaoj for
him. they call him the robin redbreast.
HI. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALK.
Yehl turned himself again Into a ra
ven and. flying there, brought away
a brand in his beak for his people.
"While flying bo far the brand burned
down to his beak and he was obliged
to drop it among the rocks and sticks,
which caught and held it, and ever
since when people want flre they rub
the sticks and stones together and the
hidden fire comes forth.
At first Yehl's world was quite dark,
though- the men and women had fire.
There was a sun and a moon and stars,
but they belonged to a great Prince far
off, who had one lovely daughter. Yehl
changed himself into a spruce needle
and got into the drinking cup of the
Princess, so that she swallowed him
without knowing. Afterward a son was
born to her that was Yehl himself.
Thus Vi«> eot to llv* in the house of the
Prince, and when he. was grown strong
enough he changed himself again into
a raven, took the sun, moon and stars
and set them in their 'present places in
the skv. '• •_ /C .J-. ; \j. ¦';<;:¦
At first *ll the earth people were
triehtpnefl at- thin h'rle-ht- HsrWt/un- over
their treads, but soon they began to like
It, and loved Yehl for giving them light.
Have you ever seen the crater of
Mount Edgecombe? It was made by
the sister of the Thunder Bird, whose
name Is so long that people do not care
to sneak of h>r— AhfflshnnaVhmj.
She used to sit on the edge of the
mountain and hold the world ' on her
shoulders. It was so heavy that % the
mountain kept sinking and sinking* un
til the bottom was reached. Then Ah
gishanakhou cleared a space about her
and settled down to keep house there.
The Indians know this,, for when they
see the mountain smoking they know
that Ahgishanakhou Is building 'her. .fire.
Have you seen the*Mulr Glacier? Two
young girls were living near.thls place
chut up in a small hut. TBelr clothes
became so dirty that they went out to
SOME NORTHERN FOLK LORE•Tehanna; grca;er name for Texas man.
It would all have been sweet to
Turk's ears, and embarrassing, too, if
he hadn't been so excited. There was
luck in roping; probably after all it
would go against Bud and Texas.
Have you ever seen a cavalryman,
preparing for a charge, turning to tie
his coat to his saddle, rolling up the
sleeves over his muscular arms, draw
ing saber and twisting his wrist in the
saber cord, then setting his -ace grimly
forward? If you have you know how
Bud Oliver looked cleared for battle;
but no cavalryman ever sat hi3 horse
with the oneness of Bud Oliver. To an
unschooled observer the little roan
pony seemed undersized for so large a
man; but the cowboys, whose alphabet
is horses, knew well the prowess of
that cat-flankod, ragged-necked roan
with his ears laid back and his eyes
gleaming half wild.
"Look out for the Tehanna* man!"
called a voice from the crowd.
forward to tie, but the steer, having
• time to recover from the force of the
fall, was hind feet up when Halversen
pounced upon him, seizing his tail.
One foot to the left of the steer's hind
legs and a sudden strong pull, and the
steer was down again — all in the space
of two seconds. And then, though there
was the wildest kicking and struggling.
Halverson, bulldog: that he was. tied
his ' animal down and threw up his
bloody arms. He was torn and bruised,
but he had tied his steer. Of course he
could not win; he had been more than
three minutes at the struggle, but the
crowd made up to him for the failure
in the warmth of its reception. It had
been three minutes of such excitement
, as comes in no other sport.
And so, one after another, the con
testants rode forward to the fall of the
flag— it was a Homeric list— but one by
one they failed to equal the record of
Buster Graham, although a little red
Scotchman named Moorse came within
six seconds of it. Turk ilcGlory lost
all hope for himself, but ha still felt
brave for 'his hero. But Oliver would
do it if any one could. And it was now
Bud's turn. . He and Bud had been left
to the last. The nearer his time came
the oftener he glanced up to the grand
stand, to the girl in blue and white.
The poolseller was now crying his
-tiame and Bud's together. "What am
I offered on Bud Oliver, champion of
Texas? Who will give me even money
on Turk McGlory against the field?"
The people were standing up now
and roaring, while Buster came in as
cool and undisturbed as if he had been
riding for an airing.
"That was. a good job. Buster." said
Bud Oliver heartily, and the boy in
Turk McGlory spoke out in his eyes at
this big friendliness of a rival, and he
crowded up to , Buster to shake hands,
and drew back befiore he had done it.
The betting was now all against Bud
Oliver; but that herd seemed in nowise
concerned, though he knew it would
require the greatest skill and luck to
beat such a record as Buster had made.
When Halvcrsen came up to the line
Bud Oliver observed that he was tying
his rope. Tcxaswise, to the pommel of
his saddle. The . Arlzonian ordinarily
uses a long rope, sixty feet at the
least, and throws it free, at the last
giving the"end a hitch around the sad
dle pommel, so. that he can let go in
case of accident. ..The Texan burns his
ships behind him: he uses a short rope,
ties it fast, and takes the conse
quences.
"Look how you tie that rope!" shout
ed Bud good-naturedly. . .
Halversen paid ; no heed, . and when
the- flag went down he wa3 off like a
flash. , It * was a. runty red steer, and
the" .'rope, opening from Halversen's
hand like a coil spring, settled over the
steer's : horns. There was a wild,
scrambling rush, :. Halversen's horse
turning-to one side to trip the plung
ing animal. The rope pulled taut with
"Forty-nine seconds."
animal ftself. / Turk never had. seen a
man ride so easily before. It Was a
splendid big steer, too, and it ran as
If with a feeling of the sport— a wild
straight charge across the. corral,
swerving neither to right nor* to left.
How still the crowd was! Buster
seemed in no especial hurry. There
was .little sign of confusion or dust.
When his horse's nose was nearly over
the steer's flying tail, he swerved easily
to the left and cast his rope. The
steer seemed to set a front ,leg in the
noose as if the performance' had been
rehearsed. An instant later Buster was
tying, with Inimitable swiftness and
deftness, and then his arms were up
and his long black hair was loose in
the wind. -What a gift It is to do a
thing like a young god! And how the
crowd roared.
"Buster— Buster Graham!"
The timekeeper could hardly make :
his voice heard.
Denny came in, hot and grimy with
dust. The grand stand was buzzing
again like a trombone heard afar off.
The poolseller bawled his bets and
Turk McGlory saw a girl In blue and
white in the grand stand. Turk was
Bhakingwith excitement; he felt that
he never could throw his rope. What
a fool he was_to compete. Vith these
old ropers! How they would laugh at
him!
A little fellow with silver spurs, and
a feather in his hat, came next, and
fumbled his rope; so that it was. past
two minutes before his steer was down.
He was hopelessly besften, and he came
in bedraggled, but grinning.
When Buster Graham .went to the
line there were shouts of encourage
ment, and acquaintances from the
stand. and the poolseller frantically ran
up his bets. Buster -rid 'Bud Oliver
were plainly the favorites, with a .lit
tle leaning toward - Bud, - as Turk ob
served with rising pride. . After, all.
there was m. man like Bud Oliver of
Texas. /.„::¦.
Buster Graham was a handsome fel
feilow, slim and tall, with long black
hair and the • smallest - feet that ever
went-, into $20 I 'exican' boots.' On r his
horse he wasa very Centaur, swaying
and flowing with every motion like the
- "One minute, fifty-eight seconds."
"Denny is out of it," observed Bud
Oliver. • "He shoukL have made it in
one throw."
• The steer had turned and Denny was
after him again, riding at ; full speed
and drawing In ar-' coiling his rope' at
the same time. Round and round
swept the coil, and then it sho-t straight
forward, the loop in the air like a flat
tened O. Denny's horse went 'back on
his haunches, the steer leaped high in
air, and fell full length. Denny was
off, pulling the short tying rope from
his belt as he ran. He stooped over the
steer, tying two front and one rear
legs— hog tying they call it— in incred
ibly short time. Then he sprang to his
feet, arms in air. It was the signal
that the work was finished. The
judges came up and declared" the steer
properly tied. The timekeeper called
out : • ."""¦
"Get him, get him; try him again.
Denny," roared the crowd.
An attendant was dropping one ot
the bars of the- pen twenty-five feet in
front, where a log marked the. starting
place. Denny Hughes, the first of the
contestants, was sitting his horse,
bridle rein down, coiling his rope and
fitting the rings to the proper places
between his fingers. In front of him,
a hundred feet from -the pen gate, the
flagman sat stiff and still with flag in
air. The steer was to have a hundred
feet start and the cowboy was not to
give chase until the flag dropped. As
befitted a natural sport, the rules were
few and simple. It was to get the
steer, throw him, and tie him so -that
he could not get up, and the puncher
who made the best time was the win
ner. It is the everyday task of the
cow man on the range; it is the way all
cattle are caught, either for branding
orfkilling.
Three bars we're down. A splendid
big steer stepped out with raised head
and horns high, paused a moment and
looked regally about him. In the hush,
Turk McGlory heard, with a thrill, the
coarse shout of the pool seller:
"What am I offered on Turk McGlory
of Texas against the. f eld?"
There was dead siltnce, then dust ris
ing In the hot air, and the steer . was
off. a brown streak across the field.
Down dropped the flag.' Denny Hughes
gave his horse the spur and went for
ward with a leap, his rope gyrating in
long slow sweeps about his head. Oh!
but it was beautiful to see. The steer
swerved like a bent bow to the. right
and Denny was almost on him; there
was much dust and a** occasional shout
from the. stand. I?onny leaned forward
and cast, the long rope uncoiling In
graceful curves through the air. Denny
drew in his horse sharply, the steer,
wavered: as '.the -rope struck him, then
with a shrug he threw It aside and
dashed onward. — V
him appear extraordinarily long-'walst
ed and big shouldered, high heeled
Mexican boots and a vest, unbuttoned,
but no coat. He stepped with a pecu
liar roll, seen only in these dwellers en
horses, to whom walking is an uncouth
exercise to be avoided.
Turk took two steps after her and
then went back to his saddle. She was
in blue and white; he wore a blue and
white silk handkerchief knotted loosely,
cowboy fashion, about, his throat.
Whatever else he saw he also eaw her
until she was in her place in the grand
stand.
Some one shouted, a flagman rode out
from the pen on a sleek city horse, the
admirers and the bettors slowlyworked
away, leaving the cowboys atid the
judges around the pen. The 'contest
was about to begin. Turk observed
that every contestant except Bud
Oliver and himself was an Arizona or
New Mexico man — single cinches, white
sombreros, rowel spurs, and all . that.
Turk himself wore a big black-crowned
hat, trousers sagging so low as to make
He saw nothing but deep black eyes,
and he felt the blood In his face. He
couldn't have spoken If Tie had known
that it was to save h.is life, and ht
knew that he was smiling foolishly.
She looked back over her shoulder,
raising a mischievous
"Remember," she said.
Little groups of people were drifting
by to the grar.d stand. Here and there,
from the corner of his eye, as he bent
to adjust the saddle cinches, Turk Mc
tflory caught the glint of a white
skirt or of a flowing ribbon. Some
times the girla stopped to discuss the
contestants; he heard them talking of
Bud Oliver and Mason and Buste/ Gra
ham. Suddenly, as he tightened a
latigo strap, a saucy, smiling face
looked up at him. Her sister was evi
dently trying to pull her away, but she
said, half teasingly:
•Tin wearing your colors, Mr. Texas.
You must win." ,
Doc Mason, who had roped with Buf
falo Bill, and a number of others whose
names were sreat in the roping field.
Turk's heart went dowh and • down
when he thought of competing with
men like these, and then it suddenly
leaped up with the realization that he
was in such company, a part of it, and
he resolved that he would never leave
the field until every man in it recog
nized him as a roper, too.
"By ," he said, "I'll etay."
Here at the pen, where a dozen wild
steers were crowding and panting,
were knotted the cowboys and their
admirers. Carver and his judges, and
the small men who were betting. With
a throb of the heart Turk recognized
Bud Oliver, to him the greatest man
on the cattle range. No man between
Texas and Los Angeles was his equal
lor roping and tying. Turk McGlory
would rather have been Bud Oliver
than Governor of Texas. Turk was the
• hampion, receiving his friends like a
king, giving them an offhand word or
«• clap on the back— a hopelessly inimit
able perfection of good-fellowship. And
then there was Euster Graham/ the
champion of Arizona, and Halvcrsen, a
•quare man v.tth a Jaw like a bulldog's;
a liule white mustache, the first fruits
of manhood, and good-humored, firm
lips. There was something so irresist
ibly new about him that Carver, the
head judge of the roping, instinctively
called him "the Kid."
You shall see Pasco's: Brown 'dobe
huis in the miciEt of a wide gray plain,
tufted in the foreground like upholstery
•with knobs of sage brush; a railroad
gleaming across :t like a chalk line;
dim blue mountains, ragged alor.g the
top, 6et up In the distance. Out from
the towu, on the right, a dusty road
led to a huge uorral used for a race
course, with a £te-er pen in one corner.
Cow punchers V. ere saddling, tighten
ing cinches, mounting and ridins up
and down in bustling confusion; a
crowd was gathering to the grand
stand at one side; a tail fellow in a
white sombrero was bawling for bets
on the contest; and over all glared the
hot white Arizona sunshine. Pasco's
was hard at its favorite eport. Steer
roping is the fine art of the cattle
ranges; it is also the chief business of
tbe cowboy. No other great sport is
to closely linked with the daily work
of the soil, no other work has in It
•o many of the elements of wild sport.
Turk McGlory, riding into the corral,
felt al! the eyes of Pasco's heavy upon
h5m. It gave him a sense of heat and
too little air. He felt somehow that
they knew, especially the women knew,
that this was to ba his first public rop
ing. He wished that they also knew
of his wild riding and tying with the
Lazy A outfit, and then he was clad
they didn't. Out on the plains he had
felt the strength of every muscle in his
lanky six feet, and he was certain of
winning; bat now he felt needlessly
large, loose, obstructive, and for one
panicky second he was riding away,
prizes to the wind. Then he clapped
his teeth shut and dismounted.
Copyright by {he S. S. MeVlare Co.
THERE to be a roping at I\iS
co"s. Turk McGlory cattie riding
a painted pony with his blanket
tutkeU up under the brim' of Iris
saddle cant!.- and his big wheel
cpurs tinkling to every ambling step of
the pinto. ..11 the signs proclaimed
that Turk was from Texas. His saddle
was double cinch, his rope was of hemp
as thick as your thumb and only 'half
as long as the Arizona rawhide riata,
and there v. ere Colorado cenchos on bis
bridle and a silver spaue bit that cost
more than the pinto himself. He had
ridden far. for # his eyebrows were pow
dered with fine white dust, end his
flannel-clad canteen rubbed light
against his saddle flank. Turk Mc-
Glory was whistling "La Paloma," aud
calculating what he would do with the
prize — which he already regarded as
won. Turk had big innocent blue eyes
that looked straight out at yaa from
the desert wrinkles of his brown face.
And. with that she pinned a blue and
white ribbon on his vest, and he looked
off over her head and trembled.
Then he saw Bud OUver stride up
with outstretched hand, and a lump
came in hia throat.
"Good boy!" said Bud. "You've saved
the day for Texas."
And then the crowd pounced on him
and hooted and shout^U. "McGlory I
McGlory!" until he was dizzy- with it
all. It was not as he tho&ght it would
be. Two hundred dollars won! And
he. Turk McGlory!
And then a saucy, flushed face look
ing up at him.
"I knew you would do it. Mr. Texas,"
she said.
There was a clatter at the pen. and
the steer shot past him. Instantly he
saw all its points — horna. legs, tail
end they spoke to him with the mean
ing of familiarity. So must the old
knight have looked for the points of
his adversary's armor. Now that he
was off. Turk's head cleared to his
.work. The steer ran with hind feet
swinging sideways, hoglike. He re
membered a £t*'cr in the .Lazy A outfit
that had the same habit, and a bad
one it was. too. How strange that he
should think of such things at such
a time! The steer was swerving swift
ly to the left. The pinto, nose forward
and dilating, instantly slackened pace,
swerving in the same direction and
cutting off distance. It was much to
have a horse, pinto though he be. that
knew his business. Turk's rope began
to swing, but he was wholly uncon
scious of it. He seemed now to see
only the legless body of a steer swim
ming on a billow of dust. .The fence!
He saw it with a throb, and he was
yet too far off to throw.' And there was
the grand stand above it, and men
rising, half in terror, and a color of
women. The steer had swung almost
round. It was a low rail fence, and
between it and the grand stand lay the
racing track. Dimly McGlory heard
shouts of warning. Would the steer
plunge Into the stand? Dimly, too.
glancing back, he saw the other cow
men charging after him to the rescue.
There was a crash; the steer had gone
through the fence as if it were paste
board, and the pinto was now close
behind. There wa3 all too little room
here In tbe track. The steer would
evidently plunge full into the crowd.
Turk McGlory's arm shot forward and
the rope sped. The pinto sat sharply
back, throwing McGlory well over the
pommel. To those in the grand stand
it seemed as if the steer, all horns aud
eyes, was plucked out of their faces.
"When they looked again, McGlory was
tyingr. and the judges and the other
punchers were swarming thrpugh the
gap In the fence. Hand3 up; and the
pinto easing away on the rope! It was
all lost. McGlory felt. The fence had
been In the way. Why couldn't they
provide an open field, as in Texas?
These Arizona men couldn't conduct *
contest. The timer lifted his hand,
and the shouting stopped.
"Thirty-six seconds," he announced.
"What a fool of . a timer," thought
TTurk McGlory. "It can't be so."
"Wait till they see you run. Pinto."
Turk said between his teeth, and tho
pinto stirred nervously under him.
"Ready." called Turk McGlory.
though n&t in Turk McG lory's voice.
He gave, one glance behind him. The
grand 1 stand was a picture of a girl In
blue and white: she was the picture,
al! the rest was frame.
So Bud was beaten by a second, a ad
beaten because he didn't have a lair
field. How tho i -rowd Howled tor the
Arizona champion. Bud came up smil
ing and unconcerned.
"Now," McOlory," ho said, "jou must
make a showing for .Texas."
. "What am I unVr&cl on Turk McGl-jry
against the iield ?*"¦ shouted the puoi-
Beller. '"Mow's your last chance."
"Hurrah for the tfid from Texas: 1 *
shouteri other .......
Turk McOlory was at the fine, aston
ished to find himself toiling his it>pa
with; so? He felt that he
wasik't-doin£ ; it: himself.' but that goxna
enc else 'was working in him. The sun
blazed hoton the.tield, but everything
•seemed .dLni- a nill indistinct. To him
alt jthfi-vClceS'k'epf-stf'JU ting:
:~TurlcilcGlory! Turk McGlory: Turk
¦McGlory !.";••.. • '• "
"Hurrah fer TVxas and the calico
horse!" came a shout from the grand
Btand. ¦ r
'The babel of volets ceased sharply.
A wiry little steer, red and white, shot
into 'the ; field aa if catapulted. Turk
McGlory observed how like an antelope
it ran— long-legged and as easily as th»
wind v blo\vs. The flag fell, and Bud
was .off; the judges riding after him
were blurred . in his dust. There was
no roper^ liktr Bud. Ho waited long
before raising .his rope, bending close
to his saddle. and riding hard; then in
what curioixs, » loose, slow coils h»
swunj it: Wouidthe ride clean over hla
steer'.' There! -he- had reached out as
if to catch the steer by the tail, and
thu rope had- gond over his head lika
a hoop, honi3 and • all. Now ha was
paying out to trip up the steer. How
they were running ! Turk McGlory rose
suddenly in his saddle. #
, "Look out for the fence," he roared.
But Bud had Wth it, too, and the lit
tle roan squatted like a rabbit. The
steer reaching the rope's end. doubled
up and foil— but fell against the fence.
There had not been quite room enough.
Bud \vas off saddle, and the little roan,
knowing well what' .was going on,
walked. away like u man, pulling hard
on:the rope, to .keep the steer down.
If it. had been.: a larger steer, or a.
fatter one, there .would have beon nu
trouble; but this one" fought like a cat,
now on its knees, n>j\v on ita feet. Bud
seized it by the tail, and with a single
ficrcu toos he laid it flat; then ho tied
—rand arms up. Turk McGlory waited
with handu clinched to hear the time.
"¦ -"Fifty beconds.".
"We're betting on you. Bud Oltverf*
came other shouts. The Texas men
were not overpopular in Arizona, and
yet it was a sportsmanlike crowd.
a snap, and the steer turned a somer
sault in the' dust; but the strain on
the single»cinch saddle was too .great,
and It turned. Halvcrsen. still cling
ing to the rope, was jerked .to the
ground.' hjs .horse leaping: to one "side
and kicking himself wildly* clear of the
saddler For a single instant .-Halver
sen was able to regain his feet, and
then he went down and the steer
dragged him In the dust, rolling him
over and over with the saddle. The
crowd was shouting its excitement: the
Judges, the flagman and most of the
cow men came riding hard to help.
Halversen, grit , to the backbone,
sprang to his feet, still clinging to the
rope. At that instant the steer, headed
off, turned sharply to the right, and
Halversen, instantly seeing . his , oppor
tunity, ran to the left: then.; suddenly,
he snubbed hard on the rope, 'jerking
the steer's feet from under him: It is
a thins that the best cowboy can do
only " occasionally. Halversen darted
THE .SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAL.L.
THE ROPING
AT PASCO'SYou did wear It! Oh, how good of
you. And how gloriously you acted. I
assure you when you made that speech
— "Tour ladyship is surely in error" —
I simply thrilled from head to foot.. One
felt the sarcasm— the suppressed cmo-
June 14.
What? A chance of getting into the
company at your theater? Is it possi
ble? Call round? I should think I would
call round. I don't care how small or
insignificant a part It Is If only I could
get on at a real theater. Of course, my
people will be mad, but in these days
no girl of any. spirit pays the. least at
tention to what her people say. I'm
June 16.
tousled dyed heads and painted faces)
I was horrified- And when my turn
came I was told that the part was
filled up, so I had just to co home
again, and I'm sure ' I had waited for
hours! But I thank you all the same
Oh! my dear Mr. Knowall— what a
dreadful time I had or it! I'm sure
there were fifty girls all after a silly
little part like that of a French maid.
Not a dozen "words to say and only on
the stage two minutes! And such a
dirty place as we had to wait in—
and the way they talked! And such
The Club, June 18.
June 13.
Dear Mr. Knowall— How very kind
ef you to answer my letter. 1 never
for a nj»>mer:t expected that you would.
1 had heard that actors and actresses
always give themselves such airs! But
then you are ko different. I knew it
the moment I eaw you. I am going to
the theater to-nijbt. I send you by
same post an orchid. 1 wonder if you
•n ill wear it as a sign that you know
1 am In the audience? I should appre
ciate the compliment more than 1 can
say. Yours most sincerely, B. L.
P. S. — Really shopwalking la a better
paying thing than first walking gen
tleman—and nearly as amualnil
Dear Madam: I saw you were great
ly startled when I addressed you with
the usual formula of "What is your
pleasure, madam?" at the Bon Marche
yesterday. Your agitation led me to>
inquire of the young lady who served
you as to your name and address. Im
agine my astonishment when I found
you were my unknown correspondent
during my brief career as "first walk
ing gentleman" at the Buckingham
Theater. Your last letter suggested
that we should meet — although not
quite in the manner you desired. One©
again let me thank you for your kind
encouragement and Appreciation of my
poor efforts while I was known to you
as ' CLAUDE KNOWALL
From John Topper to Miss B. Light
head, at the Beacon Club, Doves
street* London—
. . June 23.
sure I could^ act. I've always felt?!t,
and since I've seen you I am more than
ever bent upon choosing the stage as
a profession. I shall be round at 12
o'clock to see the manager. I wish
there was a chance of your being there
also, but I Suppose there isn't? Still-
Well, with great pride as well as
admiration, now.
Yours sincerely,
. BLANCHE I*
Dear Mr. Claude (as you tell me to
call you that)-fWasn't It annoying? »It
seemed as if every second rirl was
wearing a white gown last night, and
had a twist of blue tulle In her ' hair.
So much for a new fashion coming in!
Of course, it was stupid of me not to
tell you that I was fair. But even. then
there were. two other fair girls In my
row. Well, never mfnd— I at least had :
the. ppportunlty of seeing you again,'
and no one else could possibly.be.mis
taken.for you.. I thought you were bet
ter • than ever. More tragic.T if i may
say-,, so. ;¦ And : your part -has .been
strengthened I find. A little more dla-
June 19.
ilogue introduced. T had never seen you
t>o near before. I have always been in
the upper boxes. (I'm not rich, and
can't afford to buy stalls!) You asked
about my. people? My father is a doc
tor and we live- at Brixton — but since
I've joined this club I run up every day
to' " town. ¦' It's so very convenient. I
write a little, * you know, for ladies'
magazines. I hate it— but one must do
something nowadays to be independent,
and I'm not very happy at home. They
make fun of my aspirations and ambi
tions: As if I could help my tempera
ment! ; I ; f eel quite out of my sphere
among commonplace people and things.
I "adore genius in any shape or form.
Everything in * my nature calls for"
artistic satisfaction. I wonder if you
\ympathlze with .me? I feel as if you
did.- -Your.; letters i seem to express .so
much more than they say. Oh, what a
strange thing life is! Somehow" I feel
as if I was just waking to Its manifold
possibilities. I "have not yet recovered
from my disappointment at not getting
that engagement., To. think that I might
have been acting with you — on the same
; stage— at the • same time. Oh, it would
for the chance and for thinking of
me. Your last letter was so nice and
friendly that somehow I quite feel as
if I knew you. So many thanks for the
stalls— third, row you say. .Well, .you.
will know where I am for once. I shall
wear a white dress and a twist of tur
quoise blue tulle in my hair.
; Jn-hasto and great disappointment,
Yours most sincerely,
BLANCHE L.
;Dear air. Knbwall— Are you joking?
Do you really mean' that was ; not you
acting the other night? Only an under
study—I can hardly believe, it. And
you have left the stage— and are golnt?
back to business.. Oh! what a shock
your: 'letter; is to me.' With:Buch gifts
and talents to : go and become a mere
have been paradise! And one of those
peroxidized girls, all slang and vulgar
ity and Impudence, has got the part.
I declare I could cry with vexation.
But I mustn't write like this or I shall
bore you. Pray forgive me. Yours, a3
ever, . BLANCHE L.
..P. S.— Oh./; I forgot to tell you this
club has a weekly tea party and mem
bers are allowed to ask gueats. Men
guests if .they like. They generally do
like. Will you come to the next tea?
It's on Friday, the 23rd, 4 to 7. I'll bo
there and we can at last have that Ions
looked for and hitherto postponed
meeting. ' ,. '•
I suppose you don't look very differ
ent off. the stage? Anyhow, I should
know you, I'm sure. I shall live in the
expectation of at last speakins to you
—really you! Do come. Your3, B. L.
tion — and oh! the scorn in your — face:
I dace not put in the adjective I wish.
It would bound over bold. - But you
must know how handsome you are. ' I,
alas! am but an unknown admirer who
may never even have the chance of
seeing you "off" the boards. Do you
know 1 have such a desire to gu on
the - stage myself? I have acted at
school and also among some amateurs
at Camden Town. But, • oh, the real
thin'~ must be bo different! How I
envy— but, there, I musn't say more.
Good-by for the present, and thanking
you for your courtesy and kindness,
believe me, yo-ur ardent admirer,
hi B. L.
business man. Any one can be a bust*
ness man. but how few can grace th*
stage or the platform, or move or swa/
the minds and hearts of the multitude,
as a great actor can do. As you might
have done. You beg: to be excused
from coming on Friday as t**.e "shops
don't close till 7 o'clock." But what
have the shops U do with you—wheth
er they close or keep open? Really you?
letter has completely puzzled me. • Of
course I'm disappointed. I had looked
forward to meeting- you with such con
fidence and then to hear that you'd left
the "Buckingham" altogether! I'm but*
you'll regret It. You mlgLt have had a
career and you choose a business. I
wonder what .business? Your letter.
wa3 very brief, but then, of course. I've
no claim upon your time, or your con
fidence. Still sincerely yours..
BLANCHE LIGKTHEAD. '
Ceacon Cub. Dover Street, VT.
June 10.
DLIAH MR. KNOWALL-I fear
you will think toe somewhat
bold for thus addressing you,
but a sincere and enthusiastic
r admiration for your sreat talent must
plead my excuse. How superbly you
acted last night! Small as the part
v as it fchowed what you could do if
only you had the opportunity. May
that day soon arrive! I j-ihaJI come
again to see -the piece. It is poor stuff,
but you stand out as something dis
trict end apart' from the rest of the
• ompany, and as fur the "star" actor
they have cn^a.god, why I'm sure he is
xiot wcrtli naming in the same breath
v. ith yvu! Hoping you.v.ill look upon
this letter as a tribute to your genius,
believe me. with sincere admiration,
yours. BLANCHE UGHTHEAD.
A BATCH OF LOVE LETTERSThe race for blue and white which
has swe^t over London was given its
impetus by the pretty hat and waist
worn by the American Countess and
to-day in London there la nothing that
compares in popularity with turquoise
blue and cream color. A cream white
lace or lace of an Ivory white Is made
up into waista for afternoon and even
ing and with this ivory colored lace
feathers were in pale brown and white
It was the Counte-s of Yarmouth
who, on going to the theater for the
first time in London, after her mar
riage, selected turquoise blue and
white. She wore a big hat. all chiffon
and feathers. The brim was round and
rolling: upward and it was covered with
lace. Her waist was a thin white lawn
over a blue lining. A few stitches of
blue silk were drawn through the lace
of the waist.
short. "Use up your odds and ends
of fur" is the advice of .'the furriers.
It'is a year when the! furrier is will
ing to serve you in very obliging ways.
He is willing to make a change of furs
for you. He will so cut and snape your
odd bits that you can have not stole,
but two or three or four, all different,
and all made to match your winter
costume.
A woman who had a brown suit took
enough old moleskin to make a little
stole. It was to be of a little flat va
riety, not very wide, and crossing In
side of the collar can be blue, put on In
a mariner to slightly show; j Thus ¦ the
coat; and the gown are brought into
harmony.
But where .possible the gown should
be brown,, because it matches so many
furs 'so well. Brown goes beautifully
with .sable; it Is very handsome with
seal; it is a delightful color to use with
the covert cat furs that are so fashion
able this year, and brown is the best of
all shades to combine with mink. Next
to brown comes green, then gray, then
black, then blue.
To relieve the sameness of brown
fur and brown cloth there can ba
enamel buttons and there can be or
namental cords and tassels, and these
can show white and blue cunningly
interlaced. There can be passeriien
tertes with scarlet and blue and white
all • intertwined. And thare can be
lace and embroidery, though the ama
teur should not attempt to embroider
her own furs until she has taken a
few lessons In th« art.
• A ereat manv of the nrpHv fun ir\.
ment is not such a very unusual one.
A Handsome Calling Suit. . < '¦ >
Civet cat and the other striped furs
are too conspicuous for the woman who
has only one set of furs, j But these furs
are distinctive^ and striking and tney
are certainly handsome and dressy. So
she who has something old in the way
of furs to fall' back upon can buy one
of the brllliajntly striped furs for nice
¦ wear. ' ''
; The 'three-quarter fur coat, tight flt
i ting, is worn a" great deal and it is seen
at -its best in Persian lamb. With it
there is worn a stole of mink and a big
, pillow muff of mink, all trimmed with
; tails, is carried.
j \ Wonderfully handsome calling effects
. are produced by taking black uncut vel
. vet or black mirolr velvet and making*
j It up into a street gown. T,he skirt
\ should be round and full, wlth'hip shir
. rings. And the sleeves should show the
. new high ehoulder puff. There should
ba smart, wide turn back cuffs.
Now, with this gown, the woman who
. wants to make a great' showing will
wear a stole of Persian lamb going
around her neck and hanging well down'
the front. She will also carry a big
Persian lamb muff of the granny shape.
The effect of a black mirolr velvet
dress with Persian lamb muff and stole
is very much as though the whole suit
were of Persian lamb, with muff and
stole to match. It Is very dressy and
suitable for nice reception and calling
wear. • .
Sleeves are almost startling in their
originality. One handsome coat had
wide bell sleeves to which there was'
fastened a big silk tassel.' Another, had
wide sleeves with the back of the cuff
trimmed with long dangling silk fringe. ,
While a third coat of the three-quarter
variety had big open mandarin sleeves
with immense cuffs of white Llama
lace.
Irish crochet cuffs are no novelty
upon fur coats. They are frequently
seen and so are cuffs of antique lace,
though antique is getting a little out of
" fashion, for it is giving way to newer
forms of imported and domestic lace.
If cuffs show a great variety, collars
are positively multitudinous in style.
There are immense fur collars, cut all
With autumn comes tha matinee
girl and a creature of beauty she Is.
The first robin chirping in the spring
is not more welcome than this girl of
beauty. In her new plumage of bril
liant color,- in her handsome headgear
and her dainty accessories she is by
far the daintiest, sweetest thing of the
season.
The matinee colors are celery green
and golden brown. To these may be
added orchid pink, sweet violet, which
is a bright pretty shade, and deep red
of the color known as cranberry.
These go beautifully with ermine furs.
¦.The matinee girls also wears the
wine colors and the colors that make
enc think of wine. She wears claret
red, sauterne yellow, chartreuse and
absinthe 'green, burgundy and cham
pagne. The last is a very pretty yel
low, not at all brilliant, and Just the
thing for wear with either black or
white. Mink goes well with tnese
colors.
Here, are the distinguishing char
acteristics of the matinee girl of 1905
and 1906* She wears a shirt waist.
If It be a white waist It Is largely of
lace and Its sleeves are masses of
Lovely Roses Will Be Cut Out
of Sealskin and Applied to
Collars of Emiine and Chin
chilla, ami Moleskin, Seal and
Sable and All the Other
Ix>vcly I-"urs of the Winter
Will Be Used in Novel Ways.
Lessons in Fur Trimminjr for
the Woman Who Wants to
Use Up Her Old Fur Stuff.
in scallops, with handsome fringe sewed
along the scalloped edges. And there
are wide sailor collars slashed up in the
back, cut In circles, with lace set in un
derneath. You can* do wpnders with
your fur collar and still be In the style.
The very tall collars which, as the Med
ici collars, held sway so long, are quite
out of style, few being seen. The vogue
is for the fur coat with no collar at all
or with a rolling collar, which can be
worn with a boa or stole.
To say that it is to be a fur season
is making a very mild statement.
There were never one-half as many
furs nor were they ever -made in ways
one-half as extravagant. It is simply
heartrending to behold the slaughter
of. Innocent. skins, cut to ribbons by
Dame j Fashion's command.
The furs of the matinee girl are too
dainty . for ¦ anything. . They are light
ir. weight, light in color and they are
already beginning to appear.
lace trimmings running down the arm,
terminating in handsome cuffs. If the
waist be a dark waist — and many of
the matinee girls affect dark gowns,
then you may be sure it is something
handsome. Often she wears' a white
waist with a wide collar of ermine
around her shoulders.
One of the daintiest matinee girls
wore a suit .of tan colored Scottish
cloth, which is a mixed goods, trimmed
with chiffon broadcloth. The collar,
which was a triple collar, looking for
all the world like a cape, was bordered
with very narrow bands of Japanese
embroidery. The Eton and the sleeves
were trimmed with antique . lace. Cro
cheted dangles hung down the front of
the stole collar.
The matinee girl, while she is a
dressy creature, is never neglectful or
forgetful of the- harmonies. She selects
something, always, in the shade of red
or crimson, cardinal or. rose. The mat
inee girl regards picturesqueness as a
sacred duty and her gown will have
touches of that which 13 picture-like
whatever else it may lack.
One matinee girl wore a hat encircled
with deep red roses, heavy in color and
making one think of autumn. Around
her neck there lay a triple collar with
scalloped stoles, trimmed with knitted
balls and cords.
Another matinee girl wore a big wide
brimmed straw hat, doubtless remod
eled from the summer's finery, trim
med in autumn fashion. A big nest of
feathers was bunched on top of the hat.
The hat was in blue and brown. Tfca
fles are hand embroidered and these
are worn with handsome silk cos
tumes. The taffeta street dress is ex
quisite with an embroidered fur stole.
And the satin gown, which is so very
fashionable this season, is charming
with the little shoulderette of baby
lamb embroidered in •handsome Per
sian designs or with Persian embroid
ery applied to the edge.
Persian lamb and Its near relative,
the baby lamb, and all the rest of the
lamb family take embroidery very
nicely and for that reason one sees
stoles, little Jackets, muffs and collars
of all sorts and conditions trimmed
with bands of Japanese embroidery
and with strappings and buttons of
Persian and with hand work in Amer
ican designs.
Fur Is difficult for an amateur to
handle, but embroidery can generally
be appliqued by any one who can sew
at all. The method of applying is
simple. You carefully, measure* off
the space and purchase exactly
enough of the Armenian, Persian or
Oriental trimming. It is apt to be ex
pensive and one* does not not want to
waste one's money. . The trimming
comes, sometimes, in patterns, in ex
act lengths, arid you can sew it to the
collarette without cutting it : and to
the pillow muff in. the same way. This
is not. hard, to apply. : vv^/ . ..' .
. The popular cahvas embroidery is
used in the trimmings of ahoulder
e'ttes and pieces for the neck and for
the revers, and this takes quite a good
deal of taste, for one can easily spoil
a nice fur jj garment by lack of taste
In applying the canvas, trimming..
Cross stitch work, .though a noVelty,
as far as fur is concerned, is also seen'
to a- considerable: extent and the ¦spec
tacle of - a furrier working in cross
stitch work upon a valuable fur grar-
And there is another color combina
tion which is popular with the matinee
girl and it is a harmony which was in
augurated by another American woman
of title. It was at a recent reception
that the Duchess of Manchester wore
a wide-brimmed hat of pale gray felt,
abundantly trimmed with small pink
and white and red flowers. They were
tiny and they were massed. The en
tire brim was buried In them and they
were heaped upon the front, while
bouquets of them were apparently
pushed off the back of the hat.
As In previous seasons,- there is a
fancy for things that dangle from the
hat. Feathers trail upon the neck and
upon the back of the stock and stream
ers of lace are seen upon many hats.
Flowers are pushed off at the sides and
bows of ribbon planted underneath
the brim. Hats are .certainly smart,
and American hats are coming to have
more prestige than Paris hats. - -
The matinee- girl Is expected to re
move her hat and this calls attention
to her neck gear, which must certainly
be pretty. The girl who neglects her
stock loses a great deal in the scheme
of dress. The collarlesa matinee waist
Is very fashionable, and. with the col
larless waist, there can be worn a band
of velvet around the throat, for the
velvet neck band has been revived.
The ribbon stock is much less fash
ionable than it U3ed to be, but its place
is ably taken by the lace stock, which
Is worn almost to the exclusion of
everything else. Made of lace of any
color. It is stiffened, cut In fancy
shapes, worked with silk stitchery and
worn with any gown.
One of the handsomest lace stocks
was made upon a wire foundation, . one
of the sort one can buy for a few cents
in the shops. This foundation was cov
ered with tiny lace appliques and then
the narrowest pipings of silk were used
to trim the stock. This made as pretty
a neck arrangement as one could want.
They are cutting stocks out of velvet
with a little yoke attached. Pieces of
lace are then set In and the top is edg
ed with lace. Handsome steel and sil
ver beads are sewed to the stock.
There are many pretty neck arrange
ments, and the woman who wants
something distinctive will have no
trouble finding' a pattern which will
stilt her fancy.
waist there is a wide blue girdle, a
stock worked in blue and a big hat
trimmed with blue feathers.
Small Hints on Dress.
Taking a piece of sealskin, she cut
out a pretty vine, with big, handsome
leaves, all of sealskin. She applied
three of these brown sealskin vines to
the front of her ermine muff and half
a dozen to her , collarette. Then she
finished the ends with black and white
tails. The result was lovely and It cost
very little.
Your Collar and Muff.
You can purchase an ermine collar
and muff for any price you . want to
pay. A handsome set traveled to the
Berkshires for the late October season.
It cost $500. The ermine collar was
wide, and there were long stole ends.
The muff was big and fiat, a pillow
muff. Big sprays of fur flowers — flow
ers cut right out of black fur — were
applied to the collar and the muff and
there were tails, plenty of them. Tail
bearing animals are certainly in de
mand this year.
But these little Ideas are only the
very small beginnings of the season's
fashions. The styles in furs are really
marvelous and one can study them a
long time and learn something new
every minute.
One of the prettiest of ideas is to
trim one kind of fur with another fur,
and, in doing this, one can get beautiful
effects. If you trim chinchilla with er
mine; if you trim sealskin with baby
lamb; If you trim Persian Iamb with
mink, or if you try any of the other
artistic combinations of the season you
will get something very pretty, for it
is difficult to go astray in this matter.
But here is a .word of caution: Do
not use imitation furs. Or if you do
use them let them be frankly imita
tion. Seal plush' is lovely as plush,
but not as seal, and there are imita
tion furs that are handsome in their
own condition, but which become
hopeless when you attempt to call them
sable, or chinchilla or otter. "Wear them
as imitations, but not as the real.
Those who have scraps of fur can
utilize them in various ways, one of
the prettiest being the stole of fur.
To make a stole take odd lengths of
fur— anything you happen to have. Cut
your stole according to your fur. Let
it be long and wide if you can, with
front ends hanging down to the hem
of the dress. But if there is not
enough fur for this, why, let it be
The furrier shaped the stole, made It
up prettily and trimmed the ends with,
of ermine, upon WhlcTi he sewed
little ermine tails. One can take old
pieces of sealskin, patch them together
and make them into a very neat 6tole./
This can be trimmed with a contrast-:
lngr fur. There are very pretty ways of
making up a seal stole; with ends that
grow very wide and are crossed in
front. These ends can be trimmed with
big circles of Persian lamb, or of er
mine or chinchilla, or whatever fur one
happens to have. . t
Don't think that your fur must be
thrown away if it is old and shabby.
On the contrary, it can be made over
into something that Is pretty. There Is
no Question but that half of the lovely
little fur articles of the season are
made' from odds and ends of fur re
claimed from the ragbag and the old
clothes man. ¦
There are collarettes and stoles made
by piecing furs together so that they
are almost striped. Such collarettes are
extremely dressy and they make a
pretty change. They can be worn, with
gowns to match, for it Is the fad to
match everything this year. - •
Your furs must match your gown.
This Is bad Intelligence for the woman
who has only one gown and only one
set of -furs, both widely different. Yet,
If she be a wise woman, she will not
despair, but will endeavor to make the
ways and ends meet. ; .
A woman who had a gown of blue
cloth and a coat of sealskin is said to
have solved the problem by trimming
the cloth gown with brown braid, and
trimming the fur coat with blue pas
: cement erie and blue Persian. ''
There' come great, beautiful, blue en
amel buttons, which can be used to
trim brown sealskin coats, and there
can be bands of silk used upon the col
lar and the cuffs, the re vers, the; fac
ings and in the linings. ¦ The coat can
be lined with blue silk to match. the
gown, and the cuffs can be turned back
and faced with blue.
Big blue buttons can be sewed upon,
fur cuffs, and there can be a collar of
seal added to the coat; and the inner
the middle of the front The two ends
were' round and big, saucer-shaped
ends they are called.
Artistic Fur Trimmings.
This woman had It dressed. The fur
rier took it and washed It, for furs
wash nicely. Then he dried it, dyed it
slightly, to as to restore its color, and,
finally he cent it home looking very
much like new.
Then this woman, who is something
of a genius in dress, bought enough
white silk braid to go all the way down
each side of the front of the coat. Braid
Is hardly a good term. She selected a
whit* silk passementerie, as wide as
your band, with a few silver threads
running through it. The pattern was
a vine pattern and there were lovely
silver grapes hanging to it. She ap
plied this to the seal coat, making a
handsome garment.
Her flat muff she treated in the same
way, with a wide band of silver passe
menterie.
Then there was a girl who at the
beginning of this season found herself
with an old-fashioned ermine collarette
a?d a flat ermine muff. She took it
an£ treated it in a most remarkable
manner. She copied a handsome idea
xvhich she had seen carried out upon
the collar and muff of the Countess
Another set cost a thousand. It was
In ermine and there was a stole trim
med -with discs of sealskin. The muff
was big and fiat and applied with cir
clet* of the seal.
"Furs." cald a beautiful woman, "are
my background, my social framework.
I am judged by them, classified by
them and I must rise or fall by them."
That a woman is judged by her fur
coal there Is no manner of doubt There
Is no other one garment which so
plainly proclaims its cost and Its man
ufacture. The layman, the person who
knows nothing whatever about furs,
the most Ignorant creature in the world
can tell at a glance a real fur coat
from aa Imitation fur. And there is
no woman but can tell a good fur from
a poor one and an up-to-date coat
from one whose vintage Is of the long
Not that the old fur coat is to be de
•pised, not by any means. For it can
be beautifully cut over and combined
with other materials, or It can be left
In its present state and trimmed in
an up- to- the-season manner. •
A. woman who owns a little old seal
skin coat, cut straight and resembling
a klmona, front and back, has been
remodeling her coat.
THREE thousand dollars for a
muff and boa! That Is what a
woman on Fifth avenue paid for
her furs last week. The boa was p
cable, flat and wide, one of the sort'
they call a fur necklace. The muff was
as big as a hogshead, a granny muff.
BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
BEAUTIFUL NEW FURS FOR WINTERand afterward . gently ; polishing the
tooth with moist prepared chalk. Stains
also can be ' removed by peroxide of
hydrogen, and followed as usual by the
chalk. By using care not to swallow
any of the iodine or to. use It so strong
as to burn the arums— the child him
self may take pleasure in cleaning his
own teeth. . v ; ; . ,
The baby teeth, appear . . about the
sixth month and at about the second
the bicuspids. The cuspid, the keystone
of the arch, comes into its place about
the eleventh year, and the twelfth year
molar completes, the permanent set.
The masterpiece ". can . now be consid
ered' complete because the wisdom
teeth arrive between "the age3 of six
teen and sixty or not at all. However,
where practicable v it is advisable to
retain the -wisdoms for > such'emergen
cies as bridge or. crown vwork mayde-
mand. They are of soft structure and
li neglected may become prolific sources
of trouble. Baby teeth must be avoid
ed in the adult as their days are num
bered. Many specialists contend the
reckless care .given the child's teeth is
responsible for the puny, anemic child
ren so plentiful to-day. What a com
fort it would be to the Infant to have a
clean, sterilized teething ring with
which ) to relieve . his aching gums by
pressure! What painless - relief the
dentist and 'his sharp lancet can afford
by loosening the leather like gum over
the path of the coming tooth and al
lowing it to 'come into its place unim
peded! As ebon as the baby teeth are
fully erupted,- they should be cleaned,
watched, and upon the first intimation
of discomfort- the ; dentist should be
consulted.. A cavity. nipped in the bud
is time. and: money saved, nervous vi
tality conserved, r and above" all, j the
teeth are preserved. Let us not forget
that while the teeth are the hardest
tissues of the: body, they are most sub
ject to disease, and while. Nature, will
heal a' wound, she can 'never repair a
decayed tooth.
Indigestion, extreme nervousness, ir
ritability of temper and general 111
health will follow in the footsteps of a
decayed tooth. ..>¦¦¦
About the sixth year, the child's food
should be , gradually changed to' 'the
coarser and : more-resisting ones, ' be
cause, there can .;,. be no development
without "an" adequate blood supply and
this- cannot be -secured [without proper
exercise. ~ Just • as i the muscles < of' the
body, must be kept f In a : healthy condi-
tlon by use, so the coarser the food,
and the drier- the meal, the more vig
orous the jaw muscles become and the
stronger the teeth. The more we mas
ticate our food and the greater force
needed to do so the more blood will be
called • into circulation and the more
active the action of the salivary and
mucous glands. The present day habit
of "buck passing" . is taught us in
childhood. As the child *with bad teeth
must of necessity bolt his food, the
mouth, calmly "passes ths buck" to the
stomach and that patient subservient
menial stands the indignities until pa
tience ceases to be a virtue and we find
a full fledged dyspeptic on our hands.
Metal tilling such as gold and silver
should only be placed in permanent
teeth, the gutta percha and cement or
bone being preferable fillings for baby
teeth. •
Failure : in most dental operations Is
due to lack of oral cleanliness, and while
a person may expend a fortune upon his
dental work. *his simple neglect brings
it all to. naught. Gum chewing, which
is so Injurious and cannot be too- se
verely condemned as a pastime — is
really beneficial if indulged in' for not
more than fifteen minutes after meals.
Ragged- edges of teeth or fillings irri
tate the gums, cheeks and tongue and
such dangerous nuisances should be
abated. As. a. clean tooth cannot de
cay, we can see ; how Imperative It be
comes I that the tartar should ¦ be re
moved which /deposits so . Insidiously
uppn;the necks of the teeth. The lower
front teeth; especially, are the victims
of its : ravages, causing loosened teeth
and pus-forming sockets. It is -sur
prising, the' number of diseases of eye,
ear, . nose and throat caused . directly
or. indirectly by, decayed, teeth. While
the parent should guard against 'the
child -hearing' and believing the exag
gerated ¦ stories of untold agonies to be
endured in the dental chair, the dentist
himself owes much consideration to the
child. -A* cold-blooded > or . undiplomatic
practitioner may by. his manner em-
the tincture of iodine, oil of cloves,
peroxide of hydrogen or pyrozone, lit
mus paper (red and blue), toothpicks
and absorbent cotton. The hot v/ater
bag and the eye dropper are indispen
sable. Iodine and all other poisons
should be plainly labeled as such and
used ojily for a specific purpose and in
quantities as directed by physician or
dentist. For a simple toothache rinse
the mouth with warm water and gent-
Jy dislodge any food packed into th©
cavity, using a toothpick or floss silk
for the purpose. By throwing the head
back and opening the mouth as wide
as you can, with the aid of a mirror
tuck a small wisp of cotton saturated
w ; ith the oil of cloves Into the cavity.
Follow this with another small dry
pledget of cotton, being careful not to
pack it too tightly. Paint the gum
around the tooth with simple tincture
of iodine, which tends to reduce the in
flammation. Above all things don't use
carbolic acid, creosote, chloroform or
anything caustic inside or outside of
the mouth to soothe an aching tooth.
They only add fuel to the fire Instead
of checking it. People have been known
to use iodine and «ven creosote or car
bolic acid on the cheeks and neck for
toothache and the fool killer certainly
must be looking for them.
For Abscessed Teeth.
When you first feel the dull, gnaw
ing heat and attendant heat, redness
and swelling above a tooth, don't use
the hot water bag or any kind of
poultice on the outside of the face
to draw the dus to the surface. Many
a scar upon the face could be avoided
if the proper remedy were used. If
the gum above the tooth and over the
root is swollen and seem to be what
is known as a gumboil, open it if pos
sible, with a _ needle or lance to re
lease the pus. Poultice only from
the inside of the mouth. Take a rai
sin, roast it and cut in halves. Scoop
out the center portion of one of the
halves and fill the space with red
pepper. Apply the pepper side of the
raisin to the swollen gum a point
over . the abscessed tooth. The lips
will hold the raisin in place, and
a handler, \ less : bulky poultice
cannot be : made. If two teeth are
involved use the other half of the
raisin prepared as above and apply
over the- swollen- part of the gum.
An aching tooth throbs and Jumps
/ . ¦ . ¦ -- .i
year all are in place. As the very first
permanent tooth does not arrive until
the sixth year and then does not sup
plant any other tooth, it is highlv im
portant to retain all of the first teeth
in a healthy condition as long as pos
sible.
The Creator designed the infant teeth
to serve as masticating organs from
the sixth month- until the seventh or
eighth year at least, and how far from
the Master's ideal is the baby mouth
at four or five, nil of his teeth' gone
or worse still only a mass of broken,
decayed or abscessed slumps remaining
to mar and make hideous the baby
face. Is it any wonder children die
by the hundreds of septic poisonin?^
when the pus-generating "roots are
pouring their vile streams into the lit
tle one's stomach night and day?. Is
it any mystery why our chrldren are
so weak and anemic when it "is often
a physical impossibility for them to
chew their food properly because of
poor teeth? As we love our children
and want them to be strong in body
as in intellect we should guard thos<;
little outposts of the alimentary canal
as. zealously as we do his eyes. Just as
much as the eyes are the windows of
the soul, so are the teeth the watch
dog of the stomach, to pass upon ev
erything which seeks to enter their do
main and allow nothing to pass unless
in due form properly masticated.
Though the baby teeth are small and
frail, they can be cleaned, filled, kept
healthy, and perform their function
admirably until the advent of their
more robust and aggressive rivals.
About the seventh year the front
teeth give way to the permanent In
cisors, th« baby molars retire very
graciously in favor of the newcomers—
tion. Peroxide of hydrogen or pyro
sone is a cleansing agent for mouth
and throat. Glyco-thymoline has
proven a pleasant and efficient mouth
wash. Ten drops of formalin to a
pint of water will be found efficacious
«s a gargle and wash. A mouth wash.
to be effective, should be strong
enough and used in sufficient quantity
to bathe freely all parts of the mouth
and to cleanse the throat by gargling
Use red litmus paper to test the fluids
of the mouth, because upon the alka
linity of the saliva depends the sal
vation of the' teeth. Red litmus pa
per will turntilue and the blue litmus
will be unaffected if the saliva is al
kaline as it should be. If the iluid
turn the blue litmus paper red — re
member, red is a danger signal — and
the case calls for alkaline washes and
treatment. Milk of magnesia gargled
with before retiring and allowed to re
main upon the teeth and gums will
counteract to a great extent the a,cid
conditions. Chalk painted upon the
teeth before retiring has a similar ac
tion.
Healthy gums can be brought about
by removing tartar and other irritants
and then massaging the gums with
the finger. This stimulates the circu
lation, lack of which is one of the
predominating causes of disease. It
is highly important to keep the tongue
thoroughly clean and a celluloid
scraper will keep that orgtin in per
fect* condition. The infant's teeth
must be cleaned by mother or nurse
and powdered chalk upon a soft cloth
or camel's hair brush, together with
little gargles of dilute peroxide of hy
drogen or glyco-thymollne, will keep
mouth and teeth sweet and clean. The
mother who neglects the eyes and ears
of her children and permits the dirt
to hold full sway would meet with the
supreme contempt of every other moth
er, but the hidden sin of the neglected
toofli seems to rest lightly on many
a maternal shoulder.
Young minds are roost succeptibl*
and the teaching which a growing child
imbibes sticks fast in his memory. See
how eagerly the little one instinctively
tries to imitate you in everything, even
in the art of brushing the teeth. By
encouraging this tendency the child
will not have the popular aversion to
the tooth brush and in time will find it
mightier than the dentist. By twist
ing a wisp of cotton about the end of
a wooden toothpick one can make a
very serviceable instrument for home
use and bo inexpensive as to be used
but once. The green stains so common
to children's teeth can be removed
readily by applying tincture of iodine
to the tooth with our handy dauber
imasize an tne terrtDie mental pictures
which the child lias conjured up about
this ancient foe of the human race.
First and foremost his very pfflce fur
nishings should bid the patient wel
come. Carpets, furniture, hangings and
v all decorations all should make their
first impression fayorable. Rather a
center table groaning under if 3 load of
current literature and comic papers
than one empty and bare. Rather
a surplus than a paucity of com
forts. Let all things conspire to
give the sufferer the "glad hand." Then
tlie dentist, immaculate and inviting,
has easy sailing. The moment he has
the child's confidence he has the bat
tle fought and won. His diplomacy
toward the child has made a lifelong
friend", a trustful patient and a walking
advertisement. Simply because "he is
so different."
No home in this day and age can
make any pretense . toward complete
ness unless the washroom has its medi
cine case or shelf. There, high up and
out of reaca of baby fingers or. in
quisitive youngsters, the home reme
dies should be kept On the dental
shelf should be such staple articles as
For Neuralgia.
while an abscessed on? has a dull
steady pain with heat and redness of
the abscessed parts.- Boar in mind
tftat in all cases of inflammation or
abscesses the natural outlets of the
system must not be dossed. Give
the child a good cathartic, such us
castor oi!. or in adult cases calomel,
at nightfall and the next morning ci
trate of magnesia. In this way all
the machinery of the system is
brought into co-ordinate action to
throw off the irritant (and we can ac
complish most when all thins3 work
together with one accord).
In all abscessed conditions home
remedies are but temporary, as the
dentist alone can afford permanent re
lief.
It Is a rule of dentistry to locate the
seat o? trouble and remove the cause.
Neuralgia may spring from a dozen
sources and medicines must be care
fully administered, only as directed
and to give temporary relief until the
dentist can be consulted. Make it a
rule of your life to use the simplest
remedies first, and the hot water ban
applied to the temple, or over the
point of greatest pain, will give the
needed relief. Hot or cold towels
bound about the face and head will
be found valuable in neuralgia and in
all facial inflammations. The follow
ing prescription, used with care and
only as directed, will be found valua
blf in neuralgic troubles. It should
not be taken by people with, weak
hearts.
¦R. Acetanilid Comp.
6 grain tablets.
Sis- Take 5 grains (1 tablet)
and follow each half hour for
lat) in water.
next ho ift- with 2\-> grains (ft tab-
Do not take more than three doses,
the first one being a whole tablet and
the two following half hourly being
half tablets. People must use some
discretion in the administration of
drugs and if the first tablet accom
plishes the result don't take the rest
of them. If the remedy should fail
to give relief, get as much comfort as
you can out of the hot water bag- un
til morning and make a bee line for
your dentist.
Earache is often caused by aching
teeth and your druggist can put up.
either of the following prescriptions,
which are to be used in the .ear only
and in smallest quantities:
Fl. ext. aconite, one-half dram.
Fl. ext. belladonna, one-half dram.
Water, one and a half drams.
For earache, apply on cotton tucked
into ear or use with dropper.
Laudanum and sweet oil. equal parts.
Apply on cotton to Inside of ear or
use with dropper.
• For earache, saturate a small piece
of cotton with either of the foregoing
remedies and tuck carefully into the
ear with a blunt wooden toothpick or,
better still, have some one drop a
couple of drops Into the ear. tucking in
a plug of cotton to prevent the out
flow. When the. eyes are inflamed or
bloodshot, as is often the case in ab
scessed conditions, an eye wash will be
found very soothing. Have either of
these prescriptions filled and their us*
will be found viry satisfactory:
Acid boracic (powdered), 4 ounces.
Dissolve a teaspoonful in a glass of
warm water and use In eye cup.
Zinc sulphate, 2 per cent solution.
Drop in eye night and morning.
But bear in mind that hot and cold
applications will do a great deal toward
reducing inflammations and should bo
used first. Antlphlogistine. except in
abscessed conditions, can be applied to
neck or any unexposed part of the body
to draw the inflammation.
Frequently in the cutting of wisdom
teeth the glands and muscles of the
neck become inflamed and often fol
lowing extractions of non-abscessed
teeth there is swelling of the tissues of
the neck and antiphlosristino Is valua
ble In such cases. When desirable tr>
draw pus to the surface, it will make a
grand poultice. Canker sores frequent
ly annoy us by appearing on lips or
cheek Inside the mouth and they re
epond quickly to treatment with aro
matic sulphuric acid. Keep the tissue
about the canker sore dry and with
wisp of cotton on a toothpick touch the
sore with the acid. Use care not to
get the medicine on any other spot
than the sore.
Powdered alum on a moist plec« of
cotton tucked into the socket is use
ful. Paint the gums around and in the
socket with tincture of iodine to re
duce soreness. If however, aii of these
remedies have no effect use Monsell's
solution and carefully pack a small
ball of cotton saturated with It Into
the c*avity and follow with 'a plus of
cotton to hold the first in place.
The care of the teeth and exercises
In the manipulation of the toothbrush
should be a vital part of the training
of t»e kindergarten. By nipping all
diseases In their lncipiency we can rear
a race of Trojans, and as we made the
education of the youth compulsory, we
must be equally despotic, and making
strong, healthy children, put a sound
mind in a sound body. For the great
mass of the poor properly conducted
clinics must be supported by the state
and by philanthronically Inclined hu
manitarians which will enable the p«or
to have skillful treatment. In such a
time those who prey upon them, the
dental parlor faker with the electric
sign and painless front, will fold up
his tent like an Arab and silently slink
away.
THE kcynoto of modern dentistry
Is the prevention rather than
the cure of diseased renditions
of the ir.outh and surrounding
tissues. The reformation must
begin in infancy and the battle be
ceaselessly waged from the^radle to the
grave. The parent who has never had
the advantage of a college or commer
cial education feels keenly that draw
back during his whole life and for
his children he wishes r.o such handi
cap. Such a father would almost beg
gar himself to afford a son, the apple
cf his eye and the pride of his old
ase, every advantage in life of which
he himself has been deprived. Eecause
our fathers had such magnificent teeth
end never kn?w a toothache, they are
singularly blind to the needs of the
child In this particular regard. Only
the man who has suffered- the pangs of
em aching or abscessed tooth and all
the attendant tortures of neuralgia in-
Kists upon his child being spared that
agony. The parent who has passed
through life nibbling on a few old
stumps or laboriously attempting to
Tuasticate upon ill-fitting plates wishes
his own child more comfort in life and
a more vigorous manhood.
"Whether the wretchedly poor teeth of
to-day are inherited or are the result
of the present day mode of life, with
Its dissipations and neglects, the father
and mother mu6t grapple with this
most serious problem, and the sooner
the better. Without good teeth the
whole body suffers the effects of im
proper mastication and imperfect di
gestion, which inevitably brings about
111 health, and without good health what
happiness can there be in life?. Does it
not then devolve upon the parent of to
day to guard well the teeth of the
child if they would have the sturdy,
vigorous manhood of the morrow? By
universal consent we have given to the
mother the training • of - the children
and before the bar of public opinion
she must sooner cr later give an ac
count of her stewardship. Is there a
mother who would not lay down her
life gladly for her children or suffer in
tlieir stead any and all of the aches
and pain of childhood? What mother
would refuse to relieve the distress of
her child if she but knew how? The
wise mother is the one who makes a
memorandum of the things she has
found useful in her life and such a
«oman always knows as well what
remedy to apply in time of sickness as
the docs where the shut-off is located
when a v.ater pipe bursts in the
house.
The mother's ear is most sensitively
attuned to the faintest cry of her off
spring and when this practical mother
is aroused from the sleep which "knits
up the ravel of the sleeve of care" she
does not feebly light the gas and won
der what to do. She straightway finds
out what to do — because her notebook.
ber adviser in whom there is no vari
ance, is in its proper place. She does
not have to rack her brain to remem
ber the dentist's prescription and di
rections and have those dreadful
doubts and mis^ivinss as to whether
she is using the right medicine or the
proper proportions. If we will but sys
tematize our lives and jot down the
helpful hints which have stood the
test of time, we will always know the
most effective remedy to allay an ach
ing tooth, how to check a hemorrhage
or banish the dread visitor of the
nigbtly watches — neuralgia. It is fool
hardy for a parent to be indifferent to
the baby tcth, and it is simply crim
inal carelessness to permit neglect after
the sixth year. If a parent is so t-hort
eighted as to ignore the infant teeth as
things of Heeling existence and of no
permanency the will, if there is a bit
of maternal instinct within her. at
least see that the permanent teeth do
rot fall into a sknilar decline. It is
just as harmful to your child's future
welfare to al'.ov/ him to associate with
the riff-raff of society and not expect
him to be contaminated morally as to
permit good strong young teeth to lio
in uninterropte'd contact with decayed
or ulcerated ones and expect them to
suffer no harm physically. The parent
should guard against the premature
loss of the baby teeth and a permanent
tooth must never be sacrificed save as
a last resort. The poor teeth of this
generation aro caused in great meas
ure by lack of cleanliness, indifference
to the care of the baby teeth, overin
dulgence in sweets and the lack of
coarse foods, and In many cases to the
use of powerful tonics, \chich are tak
en to build up the weaKened system
and are allowed to react upon the
teeth by coming in contact with them.
The youngster of to-day,- and the
mother,'' too, who knows how to brush
the teeth, is a rarity. The brush is of
primary importance and must be so
constructed as to conform to the cen
| eral contour of the teeth and arch. The
prophylactic— a brush made in adults'
and children's sizes, will be found very
satisfactory, as It . reaches into the
cpaces between the teeth arid cleans
decay generally starts. Adults
should use a medium stiff brush, the
child a soft one. Brush the teeth
after meals and always before retir
ing at night. Decay works while we
sleep. Rotate the brush in the hand so
as to clean between the teeth, using
care to always brush away from the
sums and toward the cutting edsres of
the teeth. With mouth open brush
across the grinding surfaces, cleaning:
thoroughly one set at a time. It is
• wise to avoid brushing the gums at
all and use care not to force them
away from the teeth, thereby exposing
the roots and permitting decay to gain
a hold in these softer structures. An
alkaline tooth powder or paste must
be used and one free from gritting
particles likelv to scratch the enameL
Common prepared chalk makes an
acceptable tooth powder and is used
upon «. moist brush. Rinsing the
mouth with salt water, hardens the
dims and also has an antiseptic ac-
TOOTH TALK FOR PARENTS & CHILDREN
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALUTHE CARE OF WHITE HAIR (Mrs.
Van Hi)— When the hair is good and
ths hair turns white at an age com
parativtly young, nothing can be done
. POINTS ON WEDDINGS (Bride).—
Invitations are usually sent out two
weeka before the date of the wedding
ceremony. The invitations should be
engraved, never printed, and this ex
pense as well aa the expense of mailing
them is borne by the parents of the
bride. Certainly, It was the proper
thing to ask your Intended husband for
a list of the names of friends whom
he would wish to attend the wedding.
If the list is too leng or if there are
objections to any of the people h*
names, tell him so frankly: men ar«
apt to be somewhat thoughtless in such
matters and by exercising a little tact
now you will avoid misunderstandings
and unpleasantness later. All wedding
gifts should be acknowleged as soon as
pc-sslble after their receipt by a per
sonal note of thanks from the bride;
this Is imperative. The same rule ap
plies when gifts are received from
friends or relatives of your husbancl
to-be whom you have not yet met. Th*
bridegroom pays for the carriage to
and from the church and train; h© also
pays the minister's fee and for the
flowers for the bride and bridesmaids.
The correct outfit for a bridegroom for
a 12 o'clock wedding is a black frock
coat, fancy or white waistcoat, dark
gray hair-striped trousers, white gloves
and white tie. The gown for the bride
is always made with high neck and
long sleeves. As the decorations are to
be in white and gold, I would suggest
that the bridesmaids' gowns be of th»
same dainty color scheme. White chif
fon or silk mull over soft finished pals
yellow taffeta would be charming, with
hats of shirred tulle trimmed with
whits ostrich plumes or yellow and
white blossoms.
hair is liable to become coarse and
stubborn if cut too much.
Occasionally you hear Home one sol
emnly declare, with a wise was of the
head and a knowing smile, that first
impressions are all important, in fact,
everything:. No one would deny for a
minute that they are lasting, but the
length of their duration depends largely
upon circuinstances. The wise old
philosopher hit the nail squarely on
thf- head v.htn she told her son that
"'t makts a bic difference whether you
g OWING the knee of Madame Con
ventionality may be a bit trying:
at times, but it most certainly is
a paying investment in the long
run. For, while one is loth to
acknowledge it, effects are what every
last one of us live for, and just as long
as we are able to impress favorably we
arc pleased with ourselves, and the
world in general is pleased with us.
MRS. J.,M. (Corsets).— Even If you
do live in the country, make it your
business to have your corsets tried
SARAH (Almond Meal). — There are
a variety of ways of making almond
meal, but as this is easily made at
home and pure, I will give you but
this receipt: Almond powder, 1 pound;
cuttlefish bone " (powdered), 5
ounces; curd soap (air-dried, pow
dered), 2Vs ounces: white Castile
soap (air-dried, powdered), 2&
ounces; orris root (in fine powder),
1^4 ounces. Mix and pass through a
firje sieve.
OYSTER AND CHESTNUT .STUFF
INGS (Houskeeper).— To fill a fowl of
ordinary v size will require three tea
cupsful of prepared stuffing. A most
delicious oyster stuffing is made by
taking two scant teacupsful of stale
bread crumbs, one-half pint of oysters
drained and cut in half; season with
salt, pepper, celery salt, one table
spoonful of butter, one-half teaspoonful
STAINS UNDER FINGER NAILS
(Mrs. H. M. B.). — Sharpen a small
stick (a match will do), roll a tiny
bit of absorbent cotton over the end,
dip in diluted lemon juice and gently
force the acid under the nail as you
force the flesh backward with the ball
of the thumb.* If you cannot reach
the stain in this way dip a small nail
brush in the lemon juice and brush
directly across the ends of the finger
tips, bo that the bristles of the brush
will pass between the ends of the fin
gers and the nails. This will clean
away the stains perfectly.
A. B. C. (Bathing). — The mere fact
that you take a cold sponge every
morning should not hinder you from
taking a hot bath at . least three
times a week. No, it most decidedly
will not hurt you. Use plain Castile
soap and a good flesh brush and scrub
yourself well and you will see that
you will not only feel better for it, but
will look better in the bargain. ¦ .;
SINGEING OR CLIPPING HAIR
(Margaret).— For years there has been
miich difference of opinion as to wheth
er singeing or clipping the hair is the
better method for removing the faded
and split ends. If singeing is resorted
to it should be done by an experienced
hairdresser, for, in the hands of an un
skilled person, more harm than good
will result. Clipping, however, can be
done by any careful person with good
eyesight. The hair should be brushed
smoothly and divided Into strands.
Hold a strand firmly In the hand, and
if the ends are very much faded or
split, cut off one-half to one Inch, ac
cording to needs; then pick up the
shorter hairs and clip each end just
enough to remove the split portion.
Continue thus until all the hair has
been gone over. If neglected for some
time the hair is apt to dwindle greatly
at the ends and be quite thin and worn
for three or four inches of its length.
If this is tKe case It is a decided im
provement to cut off this portion of the
hair and thus start a more uniform
"growth. The pernicious habit of using
a hot curling iron Is responsible for
much of the shabby hair one sees. If
the Iron must be used have it as cool
as is compatible with the desired re
sult. When the hair is once got in
good condition it is not a good plan to
keep up the clipping process, for the
GRACE (Waists)— Waists' are Just
what you make them, fancy or plain,
costly or inexpensive, arid one Is Just
as fit as the othen Some of them are
strictly tailored, others are fashioned
with a surplice collar, some elaborately
embroidered and again others shirred
or trimmed with laces and embroider
ies and all manners of frills and fur
belows.
myriad of woes and in a twinkling you
will have gained a friend who will be
ready to swear by you for ever more.
These days so much liberty Is givjsn
one that it is more or less difficult to
know Just where to draw the manner
line. For years it has been considered
a breach of etiquette to put an elbow
on the table, but to put both up and
calmly survey the territory was just
about the limit and showed a distress
ing lack of training and discipline.
Such is not the case nowadays, al
though, to be sure, It is not considered
the pink of perfection for formal oc
casions. But at teas and even at cafes
and restaurants it fails to rouse the
faintest interest and no one gives it
even a passing thought. Unless, per
haps, the attitude is very confidential,
and suggests an animated flirtation-
Just why people see the faults of
their neighbors bo plainly and remain
in blissful ignorance of their own is
a mystery that has never been fath
omed. Miss Knocker confides to a fa
vored few that her best friend is a
charming girl, only Bhe feels rather
sorry for her because she has some
peculiar mannerisms. ' For instance,
she slides down bo far in her chair and
assumes such a slouchy attitude. Ten
to one Miss Knocker is complacently
ANNA (Perfume). — If you use
sachet bags be careful to keep them
sweet and fresh smelling, as the odor
of stale perfume is anything but
pleasant. Use this powder, as it is
as lasting as any: Powdered orris, 1
pound; powdered bergamot pill, \i
ounce; powdered acacia, U ounce;
musk, 20 grains.-
The age of pinafores is obviously the
one where "do's" and "don't's" flourish
and even run riot, but somehow or
other long after this stage has been
successfully passed, new conditions bob
up serenely end one is forced to ad
mit that just about everything under
the shining sun, no matter how sim
ple, needs explicit and definite instruc
tions or else one is up in the air" to the
amusement of kind and sympathetic
friends and the everlasting chagrin of
one's self.
If you would be popular, Miladi, let
me tell you a few plain truths. Never
l*=t yourself be caught laughing at the
embarrassments of others. In the first
place it is beastly rude and you're
cutting a. sorry figure In the eyes of
«*very well, bred person that chances to
b<e about, and In the second place. It
Is worse than bad policy. There is
bound to be a ripple of amusement and
ct such a time a kindly understanding
cod will soothe and smooth away .a
eee the light hair fluffln* 'round her face
when you're cettin* beside her on a
moonlight night or in a mornin' from
across the breakfast table." She real
ised that circumstances alter cases,
and that what could be done with per
fect propriety one day could also be an
outrageous breach the next.
Answers to
Correspondents
te restore the original color except t*
dye It, and that I cannot recommend.
Most. If not all, compounds which It
Is claimed will restore color only by
stimulating the growth 'an merely
dyes In disguise. Take the best of care
of your health, bestowing regular care
upon the face to keep the skin smooth
and fair, and you need *not feel sensi
tive that your hair Is white, for every
observing person will recognize the dif
ference between hair white with ad
vancing yean and that which Is pre
maturely gray. A strikingly handsome
woman of my acquaintance has snowy
hair at thirty-five, with the clear skin,
rosy cheeks and the figure of twenty
five, preserved solely by hyglenlo liv
ing and massage. She does not dress
like an elderly woman because her hair
is snow white, but is a dream at the
matinee in a gown of soft dark crepe
and a hat of glowing red. The shrewd
young woman with gray hair has her
inning again by adopting the quaint
flowered silks and muslins so fashlop
able this season, made in 1830 modes.
If her dressmaker is an artist she will
look like a powdered beauty from a
rare old painting. To preserve the
snowy whiteness of the, hair, be very
particular to use only the very best
hair pins, preferably those of shell
and keep the combs and brushes scru
pulously clean. Shampoo once a
month, mixing the following soap Jelly
with the first water, or rubbing it di
rectly Into the scalp: Cut a cake of pure
olive oil soap Into fine shavings and
dissolve in a double boiler with one
quart of hot water: cool; add one
rcunding teaspoon of bicarbonate of
soda and strain into a wide neck bot
tle; perfume with half teaspoonful of
concentrated extract of wood violets,
shake well and cork tightly. ' To use.
pour one tablespoonful into half a pint
of hot water and rub Into the scalp;
or pour into the first water. Rinse in
several waters and dry in the usual
way.
ot sweet cream to moisten tne crumDS
and one egg* well beaten: mix and fill
the fowl or chicken; garnish the bird
before carving with fried oysters and
parsley. For the chestnut stuffing peel,
blanch and boil one pint of chestnuts
until tender, using slightly salted
water; drain dry over the fire and then
mash fine; moisten with one table
spoonful of. thick sweet cream, season
with salt, white pepper and a dash of
nutmeg if liked. Then mix In two
tablespoonsful of melted butter and
one cupful of breadcrumbs. Serve with
brown sauce and garnish with boiled
chestnuts, or add the chestnuts to the
sauce. ,
So if you're in doubt at any time
one simple, almost childish
rule. Keep your eyes and your ears
wide open and your mouth discreetly
closed, and as sure as fate you'll
come out on top of the pile and land
high and dry.
on and if necessary fitted. You cer
tainly come to town to shop now
and then, and I advise you to wait un
til that time, for you will be better
satisfied and more comfortable. The
tape girdles are good for some figures,
but even these tiny affairs are fitted
and laced in a certain way over the
back and hies. It is a difficult matter
to give the price of a good corset, for
it all depends on the make and. the
boning. However, I know you can
get a good, serviceable one for»$3.50,
and it probably will answer your
purpose quite as well as a $10 one.
Of course, if you will persist In little
frills like polishing your nails on the
tea cloth you are very apt to be called
peculiar, and that word, by the way,
covers a multitude of Bins and a vari
ety of meanings. Just because you are
going elsewhere and want your nails
to retain their gloss does not excuse
you from converting your hostess'
drawing-room or dining-room into a
manicure shop. If. you feel that a wee
rub is absolutely essential to your hap
piness do it as quickly and as quietly
as you can and without attracting any
more attention than is positively nec
essary, for grooming one's self in public
is strictly forbidden in polite society.
While you want to be almple In your
manner there is such k thing as be
ing overtrained in this very simplicity.
Crossing the feet or knees is tolerated
these days, but she is a wise lassie who
does not assume this position too fre
quently. In the first place, like all hab
it, soon grows on one and develops
Elde Issues. The next thing the hands
are clasped over the knees and before
you realize it you are rocking away
and displaying an amazing amount of
ankle and fluff fluff that is anything
but the acme of modesty.
And after all it's so easy to avoid
Blunderville. Just 8top and think
twice and during that time pay strict
attention to your neighbors, for it's
always safe when in Rome to do as
the Romans do. If they are slow to act
gain time by some hook or crook, and
lo and behold, your problem will be
successfully solved and no one but
yourself need ever be the wiser.
sipping tea with her own feet extended
half way across the room, tripping
every one that passes by, but she
would be Indignation personified if.
any one dared call her crude or even
suggested that her feet were not being
properly trained in the way they should
go.
And that reminds me, don't take the
trouble to say disagreeable things
about your friends and earn the name
of ''knocker." Life really is too short,
and besides, your delightfully attentive
audience is skillfully drawing you out
and making you say twice as much
as you intended or reaily mean and
some fine day it will come back to you
tenfold. In short. In all probability
you will be taxed with maliciously
f preading a story and when it is retold
you'll have strenuous difficulty in rec
ognizing even the shreds of the 'orig
inal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOWThe Qtiiet Mind— By The Parson
Reason's &s the ocean :
Dimensions broad and deep.
In. tiey bosom t^easxtrec!,
Dofh rlcKes ever Keep.
Reason's as trie mountain
"Wlaere sunshine scrolls tinfold;
Crcesxis of wealth's fotintain— '
His crown of worth untold.
Reason's laKe Is placid,
"While high rolls passion's fllghtj
DarHness hovers over,
Though still reflects some light.
Reason's as the heaven,
With myriad gems bestarred—
Cotzntless the resetting;
Its system is not marred.
Reason's as th.e river
\THat smoothly flows along;
Singing sweetly, ever,
Nature's perfect song.
—ELEOSQRE E- KOEFT-
REASON.
0N"E cf ti- busiest, mest influen
tial and at ti* same time meat
criricisjid cf Arrerican preaciera
and relirlaus leaders was askad
tie ctier day ioi*- be was aile
ta dc, sc nruci wcri witiour seenzin^
hurried and while under so much, crit
icism from cti>?rs preserve ii3 own. je
reniry cf spirit. Ee replied witi a
twinkle b hia ey-, "I tiink I fca.T5 a
K<3w intsrestiny It ts in tits so-called
mat?ria23tic a^- to ncta tie various
endeavors to ccme fcrta ptrsaessicn cf
tie cuiet mind. People ar- r-acnin«
from tie dominance cf tiinga tan^iiie.
frcm tia rcsi and r^ar cf c»tver ceaa
tn tte problems cf what w» sinU eat.
what w» siall drini ami wherewithal
w» siall be clotied. They are trying,
scmetimes by v-ry amusin? and tsef
f?ctzal means, ta rst haid of acme se
cret tiat will satisfy fcrward cravin?
and tspiraticn. New- tiou^ht clubs,
experinsents fci staatal and "talepatiic
sciesce zxiti all scrts cf cuit3 and Lama
Cocrisi. Eccit3 witi such titles as
"Power Tii-;c5i Rspcae*' and -"Psychic
Fiercmesa." ?ai= wide cirtn^atlcn. rt
ail means tiat mankind Is enminy ta
realise a truti. uttered many cenrsries
a*T3. ""A man's life c=nsist»ti net tn ti«
abtrrifancg of thfrtga wfeica he pessess
eti."* as well as tiat otier sayinj. "^Tie
kin^dem cf hea.T»n ts TrttTJr; Fac"
TitTusi tier* may be soma futile
strainers' aft»r tie cuiet mind, tiouga.
«n« 53 far astray tn. tiair searci. for
it. tie fact of its beinar scu^it means
muci far tie tndSnridiral and for so
ciety at Iar=». Fcr like almcat every
etier priza tt t3 tia reward cf dill
ir*-c; etfart. No etre can wake up fa
tered away in. frtroHties cr rrren ever
entirely to tie cuxjuir, cf rr>^ Ttjzi I g*?7t
Tfce ctier jreat cocTictica OTst cf
which tie caist ciind arises ia tiat
one's Ufa is held irt tie jrasj of tie
strossr-st. wisest, kindest fore? In. tie
universe- Aft-r aH. cce can not satisfy
entirely hla o-wn deepest cravtn?. That
caUs far a sense of tie breeding, en
ci^clin?, atrpporting- power whicix some
persens call God and which, otiars, if
ir pleases tiers any better, csay de
&oi=Ina.ta fsree. whicii Tieodcr* Par
ker, in. fcia famous oxma- once ad
dressed as.
"O tioti srr-at Friend cf all tie sass
cf met::**
It martars less what tfc» justafnia*
power ia called tiaa tiat tt should be
real, personal. camfartLna. satisfying.
Thea. cue may be en. tie ruahin«
railway train or ta a crowded dry
street, cr dT»Hfcj In a narrow- tene
ment, or fcr tie mid3t cf tacsied and
irritating human. relajics3feipa. bat aE
tie ncise and cenfusiccr ti« distsro
in* factors and. the sordidiws* of tie
oufyard life win wetsi little ia conx
parijea with, ti.3 Inner peaca.
and acquire tie <riiec mind sinzntf fcy
saying- ta hi=aelf cr herself : "Go ta,
I will hancef arth. k»ep ray afsd <nJ*t.
dstarh-d frcta enrrmon, ordinary is.
tar?st3» undisturbed by tie friction and
strain cf daily relationship.'* No. it
cenxes gndnaHy, crtan tnzsercsptibty.
as tie result of certain attitudes an.d
tnrsnticas sertccaly f^miid and. pa
tiently held.
Underlying tie c.-iet mind is eae
zr-at cccvlcticn. and tiat ia tiai It fa
wi*Trt-r <rur o-xrs. soTv^r ta bestirw uncn
drseivea the richest satlsfacticns cf
this ea.rtily Life. Ha outsider can. nuke
us as iapny arul calm and eayjr and
io^efnl as we can cak; outsjiItw.*
Toi- tie capacities to rfr'r'f. to rea
scu. to t=iiii=e. to remember, to an
ticipate, what a world cf delimit ac
tiTiry alon^r any of ti«se lines saaj
produce ?
ihff wncr t» K^ct and Tv»t Nr-p,-» *tc»
4nd tii=i iair-
One T«ra.y ta a3c«rtain tie :-.;* -»*r*»-*t
fc^^t awr-isr^s one is ta taJt? fairies a?
<Ty+fj»g cciorj and. stazdlr^ beizn A
iSjcc <rf eaci. by •ffraa^m-; i; aiocr li«
c«cX anifer tie ciin_ It -an tien- ie
ae»n. whicii cotcr — nt?5 tie facs Scjcac
ciearsr and whici daricsr.
rrinz. must "v*a.r r?d. It ?iv»s tec-; t?
z<;t «'-r ; ~ i"-! brutit^ra ier *7»s. T?!
law ii also tfic blendes' an <;c[cr.
"I iar» aevec w-m 7-jIjcw tn 317" life.
Ifr. "W-r^i."* said a iii*s-hair«i d»
fclI> . '*• — =^~stra.t:-3"l7 to tie Paris
ian ¦ir-si=aJc : !T. wr«s ie KsacmxBced
that !ie wcuid ?it» ber a y»llow fcsSte
'"Ai. bur ?cu =^st wear yvOotr." sai-i
til- Autocrat, "titan yvtx will S< 1
blcrrde slrtin^ Es sunsnin«."
i'iad's cf tin. are zlsn far the blende
and warm hrs'sms r*»i* jiew is if they
i*d r-Ldeu hearts. Eilictr^pe may b«*
fir: by tie bread* wjman wio ua3
dark -752-
A brunette, as as a blende. uray
w*ar rr^!TL A fcrisit gtcia cri?htsc3
tie natural crdiancr cf a <:I*ar. garfc
cczrplericu. thrrrxis? tsto nlLtZ Vz<z r?-i
«C rhe-k cr Up.
Far tiff vxst ar^T ef yirl3. fair
ba:r«d Isab«ILi*. biaci— »y»d E-isrtsttxs,
¦»'S<3 ar~» cettitir "alccd'is ncr br:ret:js,
bat r^sc trt'IIcrs cr c?i.ir;ila, th» firf-
If ialr is da.-'x ard eyes htzs. in
cicosi—s a CDtm seei. u rsatcix tiie
?7»s a=d coctrast ri^ hair. One rnl<2
:= zeJ-ectin?- eotor la to ciatcii tha fcair
cj lav ard the «t? : s by rizht. If Obe
ectnsIexLos is salloir. shal-s of r»d an-I
Jrox^ are sacd.
If the tarr is fclaci a_sd cot=ci»»x:cn.
r^ortiy. avTrtri black and sJI shales vf
n^a— "7?. jT'ter: and vicJ^t: yellow, s<;a_r
brt ard jurk ar^ tj b^ «nstn. If £air r
¦<v:ti ro tracs cf ccu.-r, tit cac^Lexinn
cai b- Iizite=e-i '27 Uce additiua of rcse
cr j«Daw. jlo^i=y ccrpla, dari 5I^a
and dari ?r»«n.
"WTllt- and nils ts an tdaal mix
rrr- fcr tie %jar .jf fair yocas girls
¦xiri r-rs«jieaf cnni-iexiccs. A r«d head
Bast ie-*ar-» cf p:=k ard scarlet; ?r°«n
is b«r ctrlcr and whit* ta h-r stands.
Th-rs ar» fcrc-aB-ns. cais and -cpc?r
tln.ta tnar rix? her a =zcd»I f~r an.
"Whit.? =aksj a w-saa Icck isrecsnt.
•wicacrre a=.d classic Clear wzits ia
fcr ti» Sic=.ds; erf an whit* Bar th-j
Etack suits tie fair. Tie weman.
who ¦wr^ars white ca fci?at advanta?- b
g^* » - . j ts -rultnratsd i-~ t cftsn
ie-r-Icp^fd by a. kncwi-d^- cf
rci:r. ¦* - 'r.-i ="isr tsSt — • ?7?s,
Ti« blcnda. tie !;¦¦:-«—», ti» r*d
i_:red and tie pale w-rman. each
?::;:i cicese tie eciar- wiici best s«
Tiar pale Cifijg ran 3* wcm ndy by
t : = :rs and trr-t scfiora by ftf ¦ "¦*>—
¦3. ef rrcrse. & t-«?<-rv Bess 1^ ex
fiofiet
SCst2)±£S '-s came b<*cccrin? ta 2 sru
— * 1 ¦ 3 — U^~"~*CCa V^n S C^^^ «ri^.
¦sizl* me il^t.d". ta Bode really <;r--
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAI21
THE HARMONY OF TINTS
% V $
Time. yalFs
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
w!dt-ns and fc«2.rti£*s ti=
SffirL Sc2.p zz.d Tratrr c^!v
JCsm. Talm sar*: A. a*—^^*
1« 1 ~ - ;d «7«=t tt=. s ti* fa««
til ?r«-^?Ts xr* T7i:?l Cnssni
ti« iixi. sect, g ¦' •:*. ¦:-". a &2^
ti • c i=a t= 3. -»¦ «>*« ti • trzrf 1 ; •
A coITy reces^tj at hem- *-<£
ibrtradj a treasure wies *-'j'i^T-»y
by Ia=.d and water, cr wh=r cs an
curing cf any kind, and partfeu-
!ar'.7 prirrd at 1 s<ras£i; cr ctccri-
tilr rrscrt. Frrtscts ti= skfa
cf ti« sus and e-r-ry mfuricus cf-
fsct cf tis elements. Prrvests
ard cures aircrmal redness c:
tie =cse cr a=7 part cf thz face.
pesurs to eeli also ciapp—^.
asd all irritatfen cf tie sim. * It
is the greatest fcaows spedic fcr
fcurrs: tairs tie £re cut rscre
<r=ckl 7 than a=r-hi=3- else,
seethes, ieaj and prevents scars
a~ 1 suppuraticn. '—dispensable
.*. «^s*- f — * 1 1 1 ¦ ¦¦ 1 ¦ ¦ a *.. _ every ntem-
bet cf the icuseicuL An exqui-
site citzrxi bcacti£er. A jrate~I
aypCcatics after shavm;. Ercel-
lens Esc maasare purposes. New
tn two sires. Ma*. Yale's Almccd
Elcsscrs Ccsrplesim Cream is
sew scid i= two sires by
OWLDRUGCO.
(3csh Sccrcs)
1128 Market Street
fiO-32 Geary Street
At specs! price cf 40c «=** 80cTHE present outlook for encourag
ing trade and business relations
with Mexico, Central and South
American trade offers a perspec
tive that it has never enjoyed before.
• To illustrate what amount of. busi
ness is done on the west coast from the
pei£ of San Francisco, let us take a
few figures, say from ten years back.
In 1834 there was sent out "by -water' to
different parts of the world, merchan
dise to the value of $26,484,000. Of this
amount -$3,840,700, or, say, 15 per cent,
«as distributed along the coast of Mex
ico and Central America. At that time
the Hamburg line of steamers was but
at the beginning of ita operations,
hence with the exception of the one
steamer belonging to the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company carried .the whole
freight.
The fare from San' Francisco 'is
about 3 cents a mile (a trifle over) to
Panama — that is to say, approximately
1105. From San Francisco to-.' New
Tork, by way of Panama, the "fare Is
Jl'JO, 316 more for 11.00 miles addi
tional. '
Commercial developments -are tUrn-
ulated by the accessibility afforded to
visit the different places.. No obstacle,
however, is so great as that ; which
has to be overcome by high passenger
rates. With moderate transportation
rates, the immense mineral resources
of the States ol Sonora and Slnaloa
would call for capital and mining ma
chinery to be furnished by California,
The' agricultural resources of the
States of' Jalisco, Colima, Michoacan,
Guerrero, Oaxaca and Chiapas would
furnish the markets of. San Francisco
with tropical fruits, dyes, gums, hard
wcods, coffee, cocoa, vanilla, etc.,
which are indigenous to the soil, but
are uncultivated, as cultivation never
is . undertaken unless there be some
prospect of economical transportation.
Business has increased between
Mexico- and the United States 114 per
cent. in ten years, but" the exports be
tween ' San .Francisco j and the west
coast of • the .' southern . coast have re
mained at a standstill during the same
period. 1633
Mexico exports 3,000,000 pounds of
coffee to the States. Of this amount
812,000 pounds come. to San Fran-
cisco; but to connoisseurs the Colima
8nd Uruapan coffees are unrivaled.
Honduras and Costa Rica are able to
support a line of weekly steamers
from » New • Orleans by shipping
bananas, which we areienabled to buy
on the streets for 20 cents a dozen after
paying a five days' water freight < and
a transcontinental railroad freight.
The same fruit could be shipped from
San Bias and ; Manzanlllo were ¦ there
a steamer line that. would carry them.
Moses Taylor of New York: made his
huge capital out of the forests of Vera
Cruz and Tabasco, while those oh the
Pacific coast are barely touched. It
¦will be stated v that : there are not
enough bananas under cultivation on
the Pacific, coast for exportation. 1 :'• It
is quite true, , but it ¦ is ¦ also, true that
the "Guinea" banana, so highly ' es
teemed for its . ! flavor and < shipping
qualities, does grow on this coast; but
v/ho will invest in plantations •without
calculating first the % possibility of
transportation , facilities? - .
With the completion of the Manzan
lllo and Guadalajara road, -which' now
lacks but a few miles; with' the v har
bor improvements and wharfage facil
ities now about completed at ; Manzan
lllo, San Francisco will ; be '* in .-direct
communication " with * the State of Ja-
hsco, of one million inhabitants, whose
wants are at present supplied by Chi
cago and New York-
Providing that the merchants of San»
Francisco are willing to furnish such
goods as the market demands, and not
insist upon the natives adopting their
own -tastes, and will follow instructions
as to packing, and send down, not the
loud-mouthed story telling, free ' and
easy - drummer, but a sober, broad
minded man,' accurate but unassertive,
a very: large increase of San Francis
co's ¦ export business may soon be ex
pected. . . ,
An important fact to be remarked is
this: In all shipments to the south it
will | be seen that tl|e . amounts to Cen
tral American ports are-, much larger
than those that are" consigned to Mex
ico. This is explained by the fact that
all : the "shipments to and from Central
America are by way of the sea, where
as. Mexico sends eighty, times more by
land than; by, water. .
If Germany can "afford , to send cotton
prints, hardware, musical instruments,
and .so -forth,, around- by way of the
Horn, over 15,000 miles to the Pacific
ports of Mexico, will it not benefit her
t>use the 1 Panama canal to the detri
ment of this State, arid will she not
avail herself of the opportunity, which
is-so freely offered to her by prohi
bitive freight' and passenger rates?
THE importance of looking well
after the trade of San Francisco
with the Orient is emphasized by
a consideration of the conditions
in the State. California is a pro
ducer and a' large one and must of
necessity look to foreign markets for
ther distribution of many of her. prod
ucts. A few years ago this matter was
not as important . as now, because a
great portion of the export trade from
here was made up of wheat which
went to the English markets. Under
the decline In wheat growing and the
larger' production of flour than in for
mer years, new markets must be se
cured. Under the stimulus of necessity
for manufactures, manufactured prod
ucts have become more general in this
SJate and these must find markets out
side of our own State. Notwithstanding
the fact that we are already producers
to a very considerable extent in, excess
of local demand, the effort* is continu
ally put forth on all hands' to. increase
the population of the State from the
class that become producers. It there
fore must be clear to any, one who con-
elders matters at all in a thoughtful
way that it • stands the merchants of
San Francisco as well as the pro
ducers to use every possible effort
to encourage and foster and en
large the trade with foreign countries.
What California can produce few even
of those who have made the most care
ful study of ; it have any conception.
It is not alone the agricultural and
horticultural products that we need.'
but it is the growth of manufactures
of various kinds, and who knows what
these may develop? With the climatic
conditions, with cheap fuel and with
abundant* labor and with every con
dition favorable to manufacturing, why
should not this State become a large
producer of the goods which Eastern
countries demand?
One of th« advantages that the great
expositions of the world develop is
trade competition with different parts
of the world.. Through the exposition
which is now in progress in St. Louis.
California is being brought to the.at
tention of various countries, and in
whatever we excel, whether it.be tn
raw products or manufactured goods,
other countries will endeavor to com
pete with us. It therefore stands Cali
fornia in hand to do everything that
can be done not only to maintain its
present -. commercial position, but to
compete with the world's products la
whatever market they are consumed.
It must be clear to all thinking persons
that articles of merit, whatever they
may be, can be placed In almost any
market, and even though the people
to which her products are offered at
first use them in moderate quantities,
once the merit and prices are established
those markets will continue to grow
and are likely to develop Into large pro
portions.
San Francisco la to-day the recog
nized metropolis of the Pacific Coast,
but any lack of energy, enterprise or
determination on the part of the mer
chants of this city will be taken ad
vantage of by other cities on the coast,
and once thi3 business Is established
in these other competing cities. San
Francisco will find it difficult to ac
quire It. The principal towns at the
north and south of us are constantly
putting forward efforts for the exten
sion of trade, and there 13 no reason
to think -that any Indifference or lack
of energy on our part will not be taken
advantage of, by them. It must there
fore be. apparent to all that the ques
tion of how best to enlarge the for
eign trade from this port and to main
tain that whtch we now have Is one
which should be constantly kept In
mlnd.aBSE
By Arilrar R. Briggs, Manager State Board of Trade
CALIFORNIA'S TRADE. OUTLOOK
CALIFORNIA'S OPENING to the SOU^ii
By E. H. Coffey
Eastern manufacturers that all China
needed was development and that
any one who would devote a little
time to the interests of this new buyer
could build up a colossal trade in little
or no time. They knew of what they
were speaking, for they had been over
the ground carefully and systemat
ically.
Some firms, more venturesome than'
the rest, went back to first principles
— nothing ventured, nothing gained —
and sent out samples of everything
they carried in stock. But on the
other hand, some were afraid of the
proposition, and were satisfied to
dillydally In safer, tried-out fields.
That failed to ruffle the calm of the
advance agents, aivd when they sailed
again they carried with them sixty
odd trunks, and had others meet them
in China, so that by the time they
were -eady to invade India they car
ried one hundred and four pieces of
luggage and never failed to create the
impression that they were anything
short of a traveling circus.
"Business," said Rosencrantz, "is
jusf what one is a mind to make it.
It's easy to sell and it's easy td* buy,
but one must conform with the rules
of that country. For instance, the
Chinese are queer about their ship
ments. They want everything packed
in twos— two watches, two umbrellas,
two chairs — and unless they come that
way they are not pleased, and some
times refuse to receive the goods. In
Singapore and about that district they
want goods in pairs — say, two, four, six
or ten. Now it really ought not to
make any difference to the man who
supplies these materials, so long as his
Honolulu was their first victim, and
ko well did they convince the mer
chants that they wanted precisely
what those sample trunks contained
that a week saw them bag and bag
gage on their way to China with a
contented smile and a cheerful click
of silver and gold. For nine months
they wrestled with 'the wily Chinese
as the advance agents of civilization
.and prosperity, and then came home
to open up larger deals with mer
chants, so" that they would be enabled
to supply the trade with anything
from an elephant's nursing bottle to
a dozen locomotives' for the Trans-
Siberian Railway. #
Round the United States they went,
trying to persuade the conservative
Two years ago H. J, Hosen
crantz and J. J. Keegan, . per
haps better known as '.'The Irishman
and the Jew," sailed away to capture
the East all hands down. They figured
to do it principally by means of ready
Irish wit, shrewd Jewish calculation
and jolly American companionship — a
combination difficult to beat. It is
true there were eight trunks packed
Bnugly with samples in the hold of the
ship, but there was precious little
money to jingle in their pockets, and
samples are not filling when the
stomach is empty and crying lustily
for satisfaction.
• -when it comes to trading with the
Orient, she makes her bo*, takes a
back 6eat and permits even the baby
nations of the world to take the enor
mous trade which by right ehould.be
hers.
It t»ems strange when one stops to
think of it that the United States fig
ures eo insignificantly in this particular
line of business. Every year of the
tvorld the Orient buys produce that
amounts to fully $2,000,000,000. but by
far the greatest portion of this sum
goes to England. Germany and France.
In fact, anywhere but where it should
jro and the fault Hos entirely with the
American manufacturer and his acrents.
Instead of waking up and isvestizatins:
the cause of lack of commerce, he caJm
ly and serenely «oes on his way sell
ing to other markets whose entire trade
would not be a patching to that of Ja
pan, China, India and Slam once it
Teas opened up and got into first
class running order.
Perhaps America does not realize
¦what a monopoly of Eastern commerce
*ould mean. Evidently she has not
figured on the millions of dollars that,
would pass from the Orient to the Oc-
IT is just about time that America
was sitting up and taking notice.
Ordinarily no one could accuse her
of being far behind the times, but
"Why Americans, imagine they can
send out twenty-seven-inch goods
when thirty-six has been explicitly or
dered Is beyond me, yet they do it right
along and expect to build up a trade
in that way. That maftrial is not only
useless to the consignee. .^ut It makes
him very skeptical as to American busi
ness ability and honasty.
"The few firms that have sent men
to the Orient have made a mistake in
trusting to the honesty of the . inter
preter. The only way to do business
with any foreigner is to do it direct.
"The Germans and the English do
not consider any order loo much trou
ble. They are in business to sell, and if
a customer wants an order shipped in
boxes that entails a few cents' more
expense they charge it up to profit and
loss and trust to luck to get a bigger
order next time. And, rest assured,
they get it, for when a firm orders a
thing and is willing to pay a good
price for it It intends having it, and if
it cannot get it one place it will go
elsewhere. ~
customer is pleased and sendg # in large
orders, but somehow or other he is
loth to depart front his own methods
of shipping and packing, and so loses
trade that would in all probability
amount to hundreds of thousands of
dollars to him.
That the Easterners are willing and
ready to do business with us has been
recently demonstrated In a very
forcible and convincing manner.
cident; or on the position that she
would gain as the chief commercial na
tion of the world. Evidently not. or
she would be over there, in a flash
prying about and making it her chief
business in life to Investigate the pos
sibilities and to negotiate right then
and there to supply a certain amount
of goods — and goods, by the way, that
she never even bo much as dreamed
were used in that part of the globe.
The rivalry between foreign and home
manufacturers has always been of the
keenest, but in this particular case, one
is lying low and making hay while the
sun shines, while the other is steadily
increasing business at home and push
ing; vigorously ahead on the European
continent.
Cosmopolitan San Francisco's water
front is being enlarged and strength
ened every day and the trade that
comes to her P' — * is immense and val
uable, but it is not what one misjht
easily think it. Every Oriental vessel
that docks carries. a human careo of
foreigners all clamoring and eager to
be landed on American soil and to take
up their residence in this city, or Little
CHina, as it has been dubbed by amazed
visitors.
It is better in the long run to take time
and learn the language, for then there
is good faith on both sides and the sale
Is virtually made.
"My list of 'dos* and 'don'ts* Is very
email, v but if the business men would
give up some of their long, tiresome
conferences and pay attention to them
they would have all the business they
could handle. They are Just this:
"1. Don't send out catalogues print
ed in English. The customer can't
read them and nobody else will take
the trouble to.
• "2. Don't send letters to Consuls.
More than half of them don't under
stand the knack of getting trade and
they are too busy to take time to an
swer letters and petitions.
"3. Don't trust to interpreter.
Try yourself, for you can sell almost
anything with samples and personal
solicitations.
"4. Don't fill orders at all unless you
can do it properly.
"5. Don't pack goods in anything but
tin-lined boxes. Remember the ship
ment may be damaged in transit and
that you will be hald responsible.
"6. Do make up your mind to give
people exactly what they want."
That the field for trade is immense
cannot very well be denied, for a
country that contains more than one
half the people of the earth naturally
can salesmen and even takes the trou
ble to tell them that they are eager
and willing to look at the samples.
Japan is so busy just at present
minding her own P's and Q's that.sh*
has no time to devote to buying and
selling, yet her little brown men buy
over the world's counter something
over $150,000,000 worth of produce every
year and think nothing of it. And
America does not think much of It
either or else she would bestir herself
and see If she couldn't by some hook
or crooK manage to secure men thaa
from $20,000,000 to $30,000,000 of It.
And so It goes throughout the entire
Eastern countries, for the spirit of
trading and of buying and selling Is
strong and seems to strengthen as the
years go by. When a traveling sales
man can sell to a single merchant la
Calcutta 10.000 gross of watch chains,
it either does not speak very well for
the resident agent, or else It speaks
mighty well for the persuasive powers
of the newcomer. At any rate, the old
tune that American manufacturers are
so prone to sing that England. Ger
many. France and even Japan have
resident firms always ready to gobble
up trade, should die a natural death,
for there is plenty of room and busi
ness for all, and the shrewdest buyer
and seller may rest assured of the
lion's share. >
On the other hand the Celestial has
much to offer. In the first place,
spices alone amount to a pretty penny
and tea and opium are not far be
hind. Besides these, there are silks,
coffee and dates, and just at present,
owing to the fad for Chinese furnish
ing, any quantity of peculiar nativa
-wares, brasses and oriental articles In
general.
China is by no manner of means the
only portion of the Orient that opens
Its gates to outside manufacture. Slam
offers splendid inducements to Ameri-
That the Chinas* are waking from
their Ions sleep and trying to make up
for lost time it evident by the variety
of stuffs which they are importing:
daily. To illustrate, watches, spec
tacles, gi-amophones. heavy and light
hardware, false teeth, typewriters, au
tomobiles, cameras, telegraph Instru
ments, jewelry, cotton goods, agricul
tural implements, musical instru
ments, ink gunpowder, firearms, flour,
cigars, wines and liquors of all de
scriptions, and in fact almost anythln?
that one can think of save spices.
has fnormou3 needs. Then see th«
possibilities for this coast. Tt certain
ly Is not from lack of excellent har
bors, and it cannot ba for want of
vessels, for every day cr so sees a
craft of some description clearing for
Honolulu, the Philippines. Japan and
that vicinity, yet with these facilities
the fart remains just the same that
the UnKed States has but D per cent of
the Asintic trade, and if she 13 not
careful she will not be able to retain
even that xnuoh.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
SELLING AMERICAN GOODS
IN THE ORIENTJim E$c munched the cocky _ and
feasted hia eyes on the neat, graceful
form cf the rcd-haaded girL He w»s
not rivea to daydreams.* Still as' he
sat there, he conjured xro a. homely
vision, of domestic bits* ta the loy house
on the lower eighty. Mr. Weaver bad
talked cf renting out the lower eighty
next year. If
"Now, Jim Ben, yoa toddle along out
o' here. How you s'pose I'm ever gala*
to get my work dene cp. an" you aU
the time foolla' "round ia the wayf -
- Not being *ble to answer thistrery
pointed cuestion, he slouched out and
went to mend the fence around tha
hog pasture. Ha. was ia such a high
humor that he never swore once, not
even when a strand of the barbed wire
broke, much to the demoralization cf
h!s "overalls."
When milking time came Jim Ben
¦uckled the calves, as he was accus
tomed to do. and then. — which he was
not accustomed to do — gallantly c2ered
to milk the Ho!3tein cow, a notoriously
hard milker. H? sat en a stool under
the Hoiateia and milked with both
hands while Rand7 was milking the
Jersey. They kept cp a running fir*
cf repartee — "sayin* smart things." ia
the vernacular. They were having
quite an enjoyable time, until Jim Een.
somewhat deficient in finesse, made the
pretended error of mistaking her au
burn tresses for the setting sun. A
stream of milk shot across the Inter
vening space. It took him fairly in
the face, and he Ced In sheer terror,
fearing the bucket of milk would fol
low. For two days ha was in disgrace,
and then came the .singing school. .
When the supper was done and tha
dishes washed- that evening Jim Ben
mads his appearance In the kitchen.
clean shaved and clad In Sunday rai
ment. As Randy looked at him she
could not help thinking he was a
really manly fellow, though his mouth
was too large to permit ef his being
called. handsome- She did not tell him
Randy listened a moment.
"I thought I heard Mia' Weaver call-
In'," she explained. "No, sha - ain't
a-caHLn*. She'3 jus: a-singin' cut oa
the front porch. She'3 dgla" some sew-
In* out there." She gave Jim' Bea a
cooky.
•'La. I bet my ccokies is burrtin' this
time, fer shore!" She turned to the
oven and withdrew therefrom a pan of
cookies that were done to a tern. The
odor came tantaiizin^Iy to Jim. Een's
nostrils. He hesiiated a. momenf and
then remarked, tentatively!
"I use<l to sort o* liks fresh ceokiea—
like them."
with little curved decoratiens marked
on It with the butter paddle. "How do
you like the locks o* that?" she asked.
"That's tha genuine truck, shore
enonj-hr I beryou're the best hired gal
that's been in this Idtchea in the last
ten years!" «2**
Th« r-d-beaded girl turned her fac<»
to his with a happy smile and said, aj
he kissed the patch cf freckles ca her
cheek: .
"TTc-huh* But I bet I make yoa
think cf yer ma mcre'n cne-, Jim Beat"
(Cocrri^i fc7 3. 8. Ttf-C3ur» A. Ox)
"Randy— I— that la— I've g^t JSCO laid
up. Next spring I'm thinkln* ef buyln*
a spaa o' bosses and r^ntla* the lower
eighty. TV. do It— and wall g-> Into
business fer ourselves — If you Ju3t sa7
th? -word: TO you?"
••Randy"— hl3 heart was thumping so
loud he -felt sure sh* must hear It—
"Ton bet It ain't!" ferv»nt!y respond
ed Jim Ben. "And Tve alway3 said.
when I did ?et married I was gcin* to
hev a wife that cculd come up with her
at butter makin' and housekee*?'.'*
Randy's hat slipped from her lap ta
the ground. Both, reached fcr It. and as
they stooped they bumped heads.
"Shore sign- we'll be tcg-ether this
time nex* year." observed Randy. Fcr
answer Jim Een'3 big band closed
gently ca her slender, unresisting fin
gers.
"Randy, 1*11 take back what I said
t'other night — about your hair, yoa
know. It's mighty perry hair, if It
13 redjr
'"She gave bins a gratsfnl little
glance.
"I've naver went with a gal afore."*
be went ca.. "Never keered to. some
way, cf *aci come tr-j to what
mother used to bvs_- Si-'» c^ad. yoa
know. Mather was an awful geed coc'i.
.thocgh. sometimes she'd get a leetl*
too mu~h sady fa the biscuits: She was
neat as a pin abour her houseksepta'.
too. I tell you. she xzsed to salt? me
w alk chalk when I cere In ths kitchen
with mud en my boots: Tea put ce in
cind o' her la lots o' ways. That's why
I brought the water and get the kind
lin's and sort o* wait on yen like. And
her butter and your'n tastes edzacly
alii?." '-"
" 'Tain't everybody tiat knows how
to make gacd butter." shyly admitted
Bandy.
-Nothin' much. Xothln' but taka
the hired girl to the singin'^schooL
Run aions. si33y. an* git yer things,
an* don't kee» me waiUn".**
Strange to . saj. the hired girl
obeyed.
Singing school was over aad they
ha"d reacheri tb»- front gate en their
way bear*. Th* stars were abashed
and ©ale in -th*-prcs«ac«t«of the> re
spIerrdenC; full" I moon. The coupl*
stood by the gate In silence fcr a
moment, paying involuntary tribute
to the glory of the night. They sat
down or/ the horso. b'q^k 1 by the gat*.
Randy tock cTZ her.' broad hat and h<*r
glossy hair rejected thp moonlight in
a shadowy way. until something very
like peetrr awdltV'ffrthe- heart of Jim
Een. aad be thought of ths halo abou:
the head of tha Madonna that hung
on th* walL cf,.tlia._best_room- H*
pondered for axaornent and then said:
so. She ohIt remarked'.
"Land alive.' VTbafs the Uttla boy
goin* to do now?" »
ELLSWORTH E.KEU*EY
AN OLD-FASHIONED WOOING
THE HUNGER OF A MAN'S SOUL
"I— I think Mr. Hawardea Is doing
right," she said softly, "only be
ought—'* She stopped, \rtth flushed
cheeks and shining eyes, for Jack Ea
warclen stood In the doorway.
Tha Englishman's comprehension
was quick enough this time to take ta
the whole situation.
"Alec I" he cried reproachfully.
turning to his friend, "you've told!**
"Jack,'* returned Bruce, spreading
asked the artist.
"No. He has visited every Hawarden
in the city' and none has any knowl
edge of the old lady. He has found the
record of the death cf a, John Haward
en who came from England twenty
years a?o and who died shortly after
his arrival."
"That was undoubtedly the real
nephew." said the girl with the violin;
"an old person does not realize the
change there would be in a young man.
She would expect her nephew to look
as he -did when he left England, and
almost any big, blond young English*
man would correspond to the picture
she has carried in her' memory all these
years."
"What does Jack intend to dor*
asked Miss Fairlie.
"Take care of her as long as ehe lives
— It can't b« so very long-, poor soul.
and she hasn't a cent. Jack says prov
idence has sent him an aunt and he
shall do his duty by her. She admitted
a day or two ago that perhaps she
might not b« his real aunt, but she was
his 'negotiable h'aunt.* Of course the
poor old lady hasn't the slightest Idea
of the meaning of *nesotlable.* but un
der the circumstances — the way sha has
transferred herself to Jack— you'll ad
mit it's funny. He's upstairs now ask
ing Mrs. Gray to go to sec the old
lady."
He turned abruptly to th« cuslc
teacher, who bad remained silent.
"What do you think of Jack's Quixot
ism. Miss, Stuart?" v
out his hands tragically, *T have — all
except- about the pill box — and that
I'm going to tell now."
"Alec I" protested Jack, desperately,
"you're really going too far — you've
no right — "
"That's where your ideas of right
differ from mine," said Alec coolly.
"I have my instructions from the 'ne
gotiable h'aunt' herself, and I Intend
to carry them out. You see." he con
tinued, : turning to the Interested little
group, "I've called frequently on ths
old lady and she has taken a great
fancy to me as ths friend of her dear
•Jock.' Last night she gave me this
little box and asked me to give It to
the young lady of Jack's choice, with
the request that she make use of it In
furnishing a home."
Ha took from his vest pocket a
tiny, fiat box of tin. hardly more than
an Inch square, and held It cut on tha
palm of his hand. It was sealed by
having a thin strip of .paper-pasted
over the Joining cf the box and Its
cover.
" "I suppose It never occurred to the
old lady . that a great, big. hulking
leather-head." lingering lovingly over
the word3, "like Jack bad not dared
to tell the young lady— **;
No " one • spake. Hawardeli' sat In
horrified silence. Finally- Kathleen
Clyde broke out earnestly: Tit's a will.
cf course, leaving Mr. Eawr Vden a fins
estate in England and— "
Hawardea pulled . himself together
and came to . Bruce's side, trying to
smile. "
"There's no one to leave ce an es
tate, IHas Clyde. I really haven't a
relative ta the world, and my parents
were poor "people. - I. think the. old
lady Is not in her. right mind. I fancy
that what Alec calls a box fa really a
sort of tin locket, and probably con
tains a portrait of her lost nephew.**
He paused as if to gather courage
to go on, and his face paled.
"Dcn't. Alec!" he protested.
"Jack," said Alec, solemnly, "we are
bidden net to hide our light under a
bushel— you're trying to hide yours
In a pill bcx. and I «haH tell the girls
the whole story."
"I came to see Mrs. Gray," «a!d
Jack, rising. "I win find her upstairs
I think ™
As h« passed Brcce he whispered
fiercely: "Fcr heaven's eake. Alec,
keep that, thing to yourself."
Alec smiled and nedded, but as toon
as Jack bad disappeared he continued
seriously: "It's a thing you ought to
kne-a-, girls, and Tia determined you
shall. Jack is too modest — en. unusual
trait in an Englishman," he added,
tfccnxhtfully.
"Forget that you're Scotch and let's
have the story." cried the girl who
wrote stpries.
"Sure, rn begin right in the middle
so as to reach the denouement sooner.
Our Jack Is In love—"
Laughing exclamations of Incredu
lity f rcta the listening girls.
"H* Is^ — honest. *Hls aocl is tuned
to sweet accord with peerless strains
c'— **
"Never cind his soul." interrupted
Kathleen again; "tell ns the story."
"This isn't a wild Irish story. Miss
Clyde.'* he retomed. with an air of Im
patience. "This la the story of a slow
coving and a particclarly slow speak-
ry* LEC BRUCE turned around
f j «lowly en the piano stcol and
£— j faced the five stria.
JL "Probably you girls are- not
aware cf if, bat cur friend. Jack, has
been adapted—"
Jack Eawarden's tcnest face
clouded.
ing Englishman. He hasn't told his
love, because the young lady is earn
ing a fine salary and is seemingly hap
py in her work, and his position was
far from satisfactory. But the first of
the year he was promoted, with a gen
erous increase. He was screwing up
his courage (here Alec paused and
cade a strenuous imitation of a person
using a screwdriver) when he received
a message from the immigration au
thorities that changed all his plans."
The wily story-teller stopped as If the
narration .was complete.
"Do go on,'* cried some one Impa
tiently; "that surely is not the end?"
"What could the immigration author
ities want of Mr. Hawarden?" ex
dalced another.
After much urging Alec continued:
"When Jack went to the Immigration
office he found a clean, decent-look
ing old English woman, who fell upon
bis neck and called him her dear
nephew, and announced to the officers
that he was the living image of her
dear dead brother 'Jock.* Now Jack
hasn't & living relative and never had
an aunt, and he tried to explain this
to /the old lady and to the officers.
But sha would have none of It, and
the cfScers told him very gruffly that
If he didn't intend to support bis*auzxt
to say so at once, for ta that case
tha woman would $ave to be deported.
Eha broke down at this and cried in tha
cost pltlfnl way, and— well, it ended
In Jack tawny her away with Ti<t->.
Ha has a race for her la the house
where he's bearding and Is doing his
best to calcs her comfortable. Ha
spends most cf bis evenings with her,
and the old creator* is as happy "as
can be." %
"Jack's a brick!" exclaimed Kathleen
excitedly.
"It Is certainly very noble of him,"
said the editor warmly.
"Can't be nad the real nephew V
"Er— I thought— " he stammered. "It
is only rtfht that ocr friends 'here
should be the first ta knorw that Edith
and I are engaged.'*
. "Two souls with btit a single stamp."
quoth Alec, with mock solemnity, bet
the unfeeling remark was lest la a
ahower of good wishes and consrata
latlons.
(Copyright. 1304, by Otho B. Senga.)
"Fia sorry, you know." ba . said
slowly, "that Alec ha3 told the story,
but there is only one truthful way for
me to finish it."
He took the box from Brcce's hand
and passed it to Miss Stuart, saying
only. "Will you open the box?"
Her beautiful eyes filled with tears,
and, with trembling hands, she tried
to break the seal- -Peace* Gray banded
her a paletta knife, and as tha cover
fLevr off they all crowded around.
"If s nothing but a postage atanp."
cried Kathleen, Indignantly. **the hor
rid old woman! I'd Ilka to throw It
Into the fire!*"
Miss Stuart dropped tha .box aad
ran from the room, aad l£ any one no
ticed that Hawardea followed her no
one was silly enough to apeak cf It.
i "Glve*»e_-. tftat ...stamps .Kathleen.
Quick." commanded Miss Fairlie. *T2i«
<rid lady's mind Is all right." she add
ed, after a careful examination, "and
so fa her gift. This is a, fotrr-cent blua
ilacritlus of the Issne cf 1347 and Is
trarth at least sevfn thousand dollars.
The "negotiable aunt" has mada Jack
an easily negotiated gift."
Hawarden heard the Joyous exclam
ations that followed Miss Falriie's an
nouncement and case In. holding \n«
Stcart. blushing and ecbarrassed, by
the hand. "' _:- :
"Are you sure. Miss FalrEe^ b«
asked anxiously.
"Perfectly sure," she answered, with
the confidence bore cf knowledge, "one
was sold a few weeks ago fa T>rct(?qn
for CT^S*)." -.-¦:;,-- '\-^_
By OtHo B. Senga
HIS NEGOTIABLE AUNT
"It is granted." she returned coldly.
"Perhaps I chill have the hener cf
congratulating ycu — also"— the also
was added as an afterthought.
"It is that y=a will ten it all to c»."
Ee hesitated, through a sense cf deli
cacy. "If ycu mind, dear," he added
gently, "then den't."
Did che cind. she asked h-rseif.
No, she gloried in the opportunity. If
he sighed for his freedom he should
heve it. She weuld cake no effort
to hold him, but he should under
stand before she let him so that other
men thought- her desirable. Then he
ccuM eo with his freedom— and she
would marry any cne cf the ethers.
It made no diSercnce — she would take
the cne who next asked her. She was
e^-hteen and innnitely young. Tha
middle-aged man opposite felt that he
"wcnld barter his immortal scui to be
twenty-fcur— to be ycung with her.
"Shall I be^in at the beginning?"
the asked in v.eary tones. He winced.
~N"o." he replied, "that would In
clude me. Spare me that." There was
& long silence. "It is of young Trav
erse ycur tngagement— "
"Until to-cight," she reminded fa a
dall vcice. "I was engaged to yoo.
Ust — " her voice stuck. He was wait
lsjT'fer her to begin.
"Sirs. Carr from New Orleans was
at the Springs,** she began; "she ta
cne cf my mother's eldest friends. 3Ir.
Travers is her nephew. It was at one
cf her receptions that I cet him first.
Shall I till you everything?" Her voice
tad a new ring. He thought it was
fjcra speaking of her lover.
**Your rcses came just as I was start
1-j," ghe continued, "I wore the blna
dress, the one yea nsea to like ce
la—"
draw In the fragrance cf the red
reses and ta avcid his eyes, which
w*r% persistent. Ee was thinking of
hew ycung «-nd lovely she was. How
csuld ht expert her to love him? The
nirrcr cp-csite reminded him of his
7«ars.
Tea. ha would tell her — save her all
painful explanations. A young tel
tcw would make her happier. Once,
In* a hur^t c^ r ** T * ¦> '^ g^»w>
f"*A tsl4 h??~ ; hew sh-" hated younx
cea and new houses. It was childish
cf him. he tcld himself, to expect her
S3> kasw her owa mind.
"What cas I eat?" sht beamed at
fcla with ahin-ng eyes. "Anything.
fr«n a nice ycung man to an oyster!"
Here was the cpenmg, sccner than he
expected.
"Judith." h* began gravely, "it Is of
th* ycung can I wish to speak now.
Did— did — they say it Is young Tra
ver»? Eiill I release you?" The last.
ta the ear cf the girl. sevs.id an anx
locs, frenzied appeal fcr freedom. So
this was what made him so yiociay.
so unlike himself. He was tired of
fcer; he •wanted to be free. She was
pdling a rose to pieces and fitting the
petals over her ringer tips. "Shall we
r:ng the curtain down on our little
ccrredyr 'he asked in an "it'a-all-for
the best" tone. She nodded slowly.
She was beginning to see more deariy
every minute, just as one's eyes grow
accustomed to darkness ifter the first
bewilderment. H« wanted to be free.
"Judith," he said, "I shall ask cniy
cne favcr of ycu — "he hesitated.
IT was after the play, arfl they
were waiting- in the quiet little cafe
to be served. She leaned over to
By Campbell M* Leod
"Bob." sha said with all that pers
ons youth shining ts her eyes. "haV«
ycu fsrgottsa that tea dansa yoa
taught ce years ago?** No. with.
weary resignation, b*' had- set- fsrgot
tea It. •' •...':>
-Bob." with crcsl persl3tsh«« r -'*wl5*n
yon told ce that night thai you had
rather stay with ns than & g-> with
the eld ladles, did yoa ceaa it trcirr*
Tes. ha was sure* he meant It truly-
Tha cafe was deserted. Only Francois.
tha.. waiter, larked la the bacigronnd
and he couldn't speak KrgVja.
"Bob." coving nearer and laying %
confiding band ca fcij arc "Bob.
does your love 11» too deep for
words?" There was a pleading <yrtl!ry
ht her tones notto be resistad.
"ChUd." n» was holding- her chla fa
his cost comforting hand and exam
tnlng her eyes. - -, r
"Jack Travers didn't kiss nu truly,"
she ecrnferted. patting Bob's crd-gray
hairs tenderly. France £3 had dl3cre«rr
withdrawn, fully remunerated. "He
said that before I told him aboct —
ntcct how I loved yots — I — I— I told
hfca all aborct ns. Bo*> — " Bat ah<?
dida't finish. He undsrstccd. Bob
always understood.
"Child." he- whispered, with eyes la
which youth had core horna to» ltv«-.
~ycm must be the eldest persoa on
earth! Tea are straight Cress tha Gar
den cf Eden— with yoxrtb that -Is fresh
and genuine and eternal! .Tea. yota are,
childl" . . , , " . ; .
other lorers at the rprtngs. Bob.
It may be." sis tapped & say Ilrtl«
tcne with her fan. "that yoti inisht
find them diverting. " There was Dav»
Cary." she assigned her little ; Cng?r
to Yi'-m. "and Fred Langles." th-a next
finger to him, "both c? whom, pro
posed to me at tha picnis ca ths
fourth day of July. Then there was
Mr. Greyner. who proposed to m» at
th9 dance at Judg* Birrow's sen's
birthday — the-^scn also proposed, far
that matter. Dr. Spalding set csy wrist
when I sprained it and whea he dis
missed oa he asked ma to b« hia wife.
That's all the proposals I had at tha
springs. There were ftresiors wnea
I stopped to Tislt Lacy KHdar» ca my
way home." The caazi mads a- gesture
cf entreaty. Truly, he had cot dreamed
of i: beins thi3 bad. His beast fals
like a. church ca a weekday. Has*
could hs hava ever . beea fool esouga
ta expect Judith to ' lor* hira against
all these young men.
. "If ycu carry Travers— f It wu'k
cowardly subterfega to gat h«r away
frona tha others- His voice stn=3c Sh»
sat alert, with brilliant eyes.
"Tf I carry Tra>T«rs» whazT"-Bh*
asked.
"I dos't fciow." ciseraaly.
**I haven't exactly decided which
one I shall carry." Sha leacsd taci
languidly. " "
She rememieretS th» first" tfcsis' sha
ever saw htm. .Sha was delz# a -^drt
dance befara tha lens gilt cirrir ta
the bade parlor. . She .turned t» !s»t
a aid- wise vieTy cf herself, .and, there
in the d<xT ha was calmly watching
her. Tha ethers were at tha 'tahtj.
The occasioa was a dinner party anti
he had committed tha un.pard.cnAi la
effense cf being late. .That was^tija
beginning. He very cuch preferred
staying with her. h* declared.. If «h»
didn't mind. That was tha n!5ht sh«»
started loving Tii-r;.- Hadn't- he -«p«a:
weary hours over tha intrtcaciss - of
tae rf^rr^T'g to ccach her? Didn't Bob
always understand? The- tho'ogSS-thjit
he was Just across the tah-Ia and cot
engaged to her any cora almost suf
focated her. She couldn't stand It.
listen to the music That was the be
ginning; he carne next day for me to
drive with him. and told me that he
loved ne."
"The impudent ..yaxmg—" he foryot
that it was of her lover he was speak -
lns.
"He «aid he couldn't help it." she
apologized for hinx in world-weary ac
cents. "But they all say that." There
was no trace cf vanity in the remark.
The red of the rcse3 found brilliant ¦
rivals in her cheeks. "Then — then one
night," she hesitated. "It was moon
light — down en the fceach.— ha kissed
me — "
"He kissed yea?" the man exclalnaea.
"How dare he^ — how dare youtT
"Don*t bi* too hard en hlra," sh*
pleaded: "he said something about men
not despising a thief If he steal to sat
isfy his scui when he- is hungry." Bob
had risen angrily; a determined littla
hand pulled him back.
"Remember/* a cold voice reminded,
"yen desired me to tell you."
"Judith!" he reproved sharply.
"And that wasn't all." she flashed
defiant eyes at him. She remembered
how Jealous he had been- Once she
laughed and asked him tf be thought
the enamored air -went signing after
her, too. But that was when be had
really cared for her. Now he was try
ing' to get rid of her. **I had numerous
"Child, he brterruptea, "you do not
understand — "
"Yes, but I do." gayly. "I remem
ber it, every tit, ycu toW me that first
ni^ht I were it — do jrou remember it?
—what you whispered out there . on
the gallery about my 'renTr whit»
arms and shadowy hair?' It is a
pretty dress. I were your roses to
the reception — they were glorious
cnes." She was leaning en her elbows
en the table, her bis eyes fall of
mystery.
""When Mrs. Carr presented ilr.
Travers." she proceeded, "he told me
that he had been knowing me -for a
!cnj. Ions time and waiting -for me
to come, because his hands were tied.
33 It were, and he couldn't come after
tne. Then I laughed, because it wa3
such a good Joke — really. Bob, he said
it very much nicer than I can remem
ber. Then he went on to tell me that
it was before the war tre had known
me. He just graduated two years ago."
I am afraid I rather encouraged him
in the nonsense. It was such a relief
from talking to the women, and I
can't help being silly, you know.
Bob." . His heart felt old and "musty
and faded, and her every word was
giving it a fresh, blow.- She had made
a little pyramid of the rcse petals and
was nervously tearing- it to pieces to
reconstruct it.
"He was very nice." she continued.
"We went back to sit on the stairs to-
heade<i» ,100. I bet she's got a temper!
The redheaded kind always has."
Randy utterly ignored Jim Ben at
the supper table, although he went so
far a* -to ask. "What's them?" when
she passed him the plate of biscuit that
gave outward evidence of the inward
presence cf a superabundance cf soda.
After .supper he further violated all
precedent by jrettin-r the kindlings "far
th? mcrr'.-'g fire and filling the box
u :th weed.
When he had performed this work of
supererogation, he sat down just In
side the kitchen door and watched
•while she washed and vriped the dishes.
She handled them daftly and swiftly
anl moved about with light foot. Her
sleeves were rolled to her shoulders.
Jim Ben would have been less than
human if he had net best-.-wed sly; ad
miring glances en her white and shape
ly arms. She turned en him suddenly
and cau.f ht him fairly.
""What you ga-wkin' at me for?'* "
"I wasn't frawkin'! I was just won
derin' If they hurt!" ?
"What? My arms?**
"No, ma'am. Them freckles."
For answer she clouted him about
the ears £*tth the wet dishcloth, but
when he had Insloriously tied from her
province she gave utterance to a series
of delighted •jiss'.es.
Jim Een kept clear of the hired girl's
kln^Inn for three days, meal time al
ways excepted, cf course. Randy cob
lidsd to her mistress that of all bir,
awkinrd, clumsy stand-up-and-fall
dowiis he was the ve.~y wurst she ever
'lid see. It made her la-ash to lock at
him. Perhaps that.is,T.by she would
leek at him with. a tvisJbe in the tali
of her eye. while he was stolidly eating
fc-is meal and answering her questions
in curt monosyllables. Then, woman
like, she bezan: to make advances.
Jim Ben had lifted a barrel cf salt
unaided from the wagon to the eround.
Handy, who was ca her way from the
woodyard with, an apronful of chips.
stepped to watch this athletic feat;
When he had set the barrel .on the
ground v. ich apparent ease she compli
mented him. Sis said:
"My' It must b? awful nice to be
that strong'.'* Then she ran tcvard
the kitchen, saying: "I b'lieve I smell
rny cookies burnin''."
Jim Pen followed. He asked the
Qtzeen regent of the Weaver kitchen if
ht» might have a cup cf buttermilk. Sh»
rlUed for him a quart tin cup. When
he had drunk it all he wiped his moutii
¦with the back of his hand and said:
"Most zois lets the cream sour too
Ions afcre they churns. I call that
there buttermilk tiptop stuff, if you di'l
chum it."
F~andy smiled at this frank praise.
and. to show him that It had not fallen
en unaprreciative ears, brought forth a
roll of yellow cutter, solid and sweet.
r^TAlIES BENJAMIN SAUNDERS—
I be was called Jim B*a en the
1 farm where he had been •hired
hand" for the List ten years — cam*
cp en the Lack porch, wiped h!s
face ea the roller towei that hens by
the dcor. stepped to the window pane
that possess? 1 Ox quality cf dimly re
flecting a cccr.ter.arce before it. care
fully ccinbed his. hair azl tf&ea stepped
into the sracicus rood that served the
double purpose cf kitchen and dining
room. Before he reached his accus
texred chair in the corner he raised :n
Cpea-QOEthed astonishment. There uas
a new hired sriri in the kitchen.
Now, flaring th* Last ten years Jim
Een had seen h.'re-l girls com* and 50
frcm the Weaver kitchen by the score.
There had been a lens crcc-ssica o*
tall girls and short girls, fat girls and
lean p-.rla. maid* «twi widows, siris with
cemplexicns like reaches and cream
tzd stria 'with no complexion, whatever.
The new g:rl had freckles and red hair.
"Jerusalem I ** exclaimed Jin Ben.
"Den't yea dare ccme stearin* 'rcund
=y kitchen:" admonished the red
headed girl. " 'cause I went stand it—
ret a bit cf It!"
Her tcce was severe, btrt a comical
cmile played around" her mcuth. Net
being a society mas. Jini Sen was at a
loss fcr reply. He cemprcrmsed by
«hufi*Ling ca touarJ his chair.
*"Fer the lard sali-is! I don't know
what yer name is — " Kere Jim Ben
vstssieered Use desired information.
***"VeIl. then. Jim Ben. you so straight
cut and clean them boots. Lock-ee at
ye. a trackin' ur rrry clean Boor in that
¦ty'.el"
That •was the be;:-r::j of it.
After dinner Jim Ben did an unex
pected and wholly unprecedented thin?.
Of his own metier. lie tcck the empty
pall from the bench by the kitchen
doer, -went to the -ell. manipulated the
heavy eld "sweerv" returned -with- the
pail brimming full cf water and set it
carefully en the bench.
"I^cck-ee at ye now! If yea haven't
epilled s'trme water en my clean flscr,
you bir. 2-a-icard hulk! I've a
rctlcn to—** and she grabbed a dipper.
and enly the hasty exit cf Jim Een in
the directicr: cf Ott bam saved him a
liberal sprinkling.
Jim B-en smil»d to himself cocasion
al!y as he plodded along behind the
pi?**" tbMX afternoon. "When he and
Mr. Weaver stepped to rest at the
turrit? row, J:m Ben sat en his piow
beam and industriously whittled a clod
cf moist earth in a preoccupied way.
¦When h* had fashioned it into a cute
he turned to Mr. Weaver and asked:
'•^ay! Who is sh>r*
"Whc's who?"
"WJr, her; the new hired gal!'*
"Oh! That's Randy Klssins. Her
folks live down en Scatter Creek. Tea
know c'.i man Ei^^ins — him that runs
JL-n Ben nodded assent. Then be said:
"Gcsh! Ain't si-? freckled? s?ort o* rtd-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.East Oakland; Irene Straus, 112 Wal
nut street, San .Francisco; Elsie
Schraf t, - 2 24 . Potrero avenue, San
Francisco^ Herbert Sperry, Berkeley;
Charlie Smith, 444 Alcatraz avenue,
Oakland; Laura Traeger, Los 'Angeles;
Dorothy Taber, Fruitvale; Edna Vod
den, '769 ' Clayton 'street,'. San Fran
ciBco; Emerald Voodry, Stockton; Zel-
ma vWethern, 1264 Seventh avenue.
East Oakland; Allen Wetmore, Berke
ley; John Ward, 643% Natoma street,
San Francisco; Ruth Weaver, 413 Fif
teenth street, Oakland; Ella Ward.
Port Costa; George Winn, San Rafael:
Helen .Wright, 2026, Pine street,' San
Francisco ; W v ' Whelan,. San Rafael ;
Jeanie Warren, 3529 Washington
street, San Francisco;, George Wihr.
11 Metropolitan avenue, San Francis
co; Alfred Weeler. Sunnyvale; Ernest
Watson, Hay wards; E. Winshlp, San
Rdfael; "*Louise Wade, 1142 Adeline
street, Oakland; George Watson, S72
Eddy street, San Francisco; Robert
vYbnser, Sacramento; Edward Yohger,
Sacramento.
Francisco; .Anna Smith/ Petalama;
May Seitz, Sacramento; Chester Smith,
Fruitvale; Sadie Smith, 3629 Seven
teenth street, San Francisco ; Gertrude
Smith, 1166 East Fifteenth street.
McCabe, Modesto: Claire' Melinaj. Chl
co; Iris Mitchell, Chico;- Herm /Mu
ber, 967 Broadway. Oakland;. 1 Ray
Megrati, Point Richmond; Fred Mc-
Bride. Cement; Lee Norvall, Vallejo;
Thomas' O'Rouke, 3333 Sacramento
street, San Francisco; L. E. Ollson.'
Berkeley; B. H.' Osborn, Watsonvllle;
Earl Parrish, Berkeley; Edith Pow
ers. Lodi; Helen Powell, Haywards;
Donald Place, San Leandro; Fred
Place. Visalia; Lucy Rickard. Sacra
mento; Margaret Rogers, Belmont;
Allison Rouse, Visalia; Viola Rogers,
Dimond; G. Randolph, 3428 Sixteenth
street, San Francisco: Harris Roper,
Xapa; Will Rapson, Fruitvale; Rose
Seymour, Santa Rosa; Sam Southwell.
1503 Polk street, San Francisco;.Bun
rile Smith, Saratoga; Juanita Schiller,
Sacramento: William Stich, Sacra
mento; Dickson Stephens, Woodland:
Darwin Smith, Sacramento; George
Sharp, 22Q*A McAllister street, San
Gracious! How the answers did pour in on tho>o collese puzzles! The I*uzzle KUitor wishes there
were 500 prizes instead of 150,'^for ;'tiiat is' about the number who were con-cct. But the cai'ly bird
catches tlic • worm anU so.tlicse 1,30 active young niitiu; soiw and daughters who were up with the sun_
naturally get the "pickins." . J • ?- : : •
This week- you can have another chance on familiur terms, for there are represented here the names
of eight articles' of household furniture.;. The . Puzzle-' Kdiloi* will only enlighten jrou upon one term, "has-
Bock," which is not, strictly speak ing, an article of furniture, and is perfectly sur© tfiat your wits will
puzzle out the other seven. ' : . s ¦ *
' J ' . There will not be many more, chances at, these books, rs the list of prizes will be changed in the
_ near future, so if you arc still short in that- little, library , of "Puzzle Bookj**' you want to hurry up.
-. 1 DON'T FORGET THE GAIJiEItYOF 1IONOK, and ir.you are reasonably sure that you nrc a winner
eend'ln :your picture, but don't send in any pictures or proofs • that are untoncd, for they will fade as
soon as exposed to the sun. Write- 3 our home 'and address plainly on the back of cadi photograph.
TUEKE AlJJi.ONK HDNDitED'AXDFlJbrrY^PIUZES, and tills is what you must do to win ono of
thcru: : . ' ; -v»v, _ ,-¦.. .-¦'-. . • ..- .-¦¦/ : "
Find the names of articles of" furniture' on' this page and Write them out in the space opposite . the
proper corresponding numbers provided, for ;.the purpose ' in the/ coupon on this page," as per directions;
fill in the coupon with your name arid 'address and the prize you desire — if you win— and send the "cou
pon to the EDITOR OF TI IE NAME PUZK^E PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, Cal. v;;J
Rli^lKMBEK— To the FIRST, ONE;. HUXDRKD AXD F11TY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the eight
puzzles correctly, one of these ONE -1IUNDRKD AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be'am-.'cd.
And don't forget this 'next point, because ; it, is very important: AIJj ANSWERS'a^UST REACH THIS
'"OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. " This-givcs all those v in thecountry uu equal chance to compete., llead
everything on tlils^page, to.be sure' tliat you ; .overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
', THE NAMES OF THE XDCKY WINNEKSl WILL BE PUBLISHED IN TI1E SUNDAY CALL TWO
.WEEKS, FROM TO-DAY', October ;$0'.*-y*y'-'~ < r»j* ' *-.: ; ; ¦' , "
' These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose if you solve all the puz
zles correctly: 1 :
r^^j ( Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Trfles; From Shakespeare, by Charles Lamb; Cranford, by Gaskell; Dog
of Flanders, by Oulda; Emerson's Essays; Gulliver's Travels, by Swift; Imitation of Christ: Little Lame
•Prince, by Mulock; Master -.of Ba Han true, by Stcvensfn; Two Years Before the .Mast, by Dana; Paul and
Virginia, by Saint Pierre; Pilgrim's Progress, by^Bunyanr Plain Tales From the Hills, by Kipling: Phantom
Rickshaw, by Kipling: I/ongfellow^s Poems; Abbe Constantln, by Halevy; Paradise Lost, by lMllton; Black
Rock, by Connor;. Beautiful Joe, by Saunders; Ten Gems From Kipling.
SsaUxTFUT BopHs— On 2 }\\ir$Yid : and ; Ff fty 0? Th^m— -
Ppi* Tho'S'S .Who GU^ss f i\<&$ puiiT^s -To-Day-
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
George Anderson, Visalia; P: Acker?
tnaa. 1^27 Myrtle street, Oakland: Clln
'cn Allen, Lincoln; L^o Alexander. 327
Larkin street, San Francisco: Mabtl
Andrews, Buriingame; Harold AJbin,
Berkeley; Robert Bov.man, Pacific
Grove: Hose Birch, Alameda; L'lmcr
Brandt. 107 Third street. Kan Francis
ro: Pauline Bennett, "Z'l Lexington ave
;jue, Sa.u Francisco; lidgar Buttner.
Pert Costa; Richard Burr. Sa. ';
lean Biuwnlie. Vallejo; Arthur Barry,
115 Pierce street. San Francisco; Made
line Best, 10C0 Cast Sixteenth street.
East Oakland; Marguerite Bell. 13M
Eddy street, San Francisco; Oscar
Crandall. San Jose; Frank Curtis,
WTinnctnucca, Nov.; Bruce Creek. Sara
toga; Colin Caxnpbell, "7i! Bryant
Itreet, San Francisco; Frank Curran,
tl_. W"arhir.£ton street, Sitn Francisco;
Willie Croweil. 769 Ilayqs street. San
Francisco: Marguerite Cater. S7S9 Sev
enteenth Street. San Francisco; John
Ciune. 512 Golden date avenue. San
Francisco; Thomas Clunc, ZV2 Ooldrn
Gat" avenue. .San Francisco: Mai
euorit^ Clune. &12 Golden Gate avenue.'
Han Francisco; John Carr. PortervHIe;
Armand CarroU. San Rafael; Margaret
Opoke, Cl'Sl Sacramento street, San
Francisco: Mary Crean. 1632 Hyde
etieot, San Francisco; Ida Clarke, 1274
Jackson street. San Francisco; Kd
Dirtz, "115 Scott street, San Francisco;
Bates Dickson, Pctaluma; <J. Davis.
K£.n Jose; Ruth Utwcy, \yio Scott street,
San Francisco; -Evelyn Dayton, Dun
cans Mill: Opal Davidson. Corning: Mae
Detiicic, 1703 Eddy street, San Francisco,
Inez Drake, general delivery], Oakland;
Frank Edroondson. Berkeley; <Jene
vieve Farrell. Petuluma; Herman
Fa:g\ Sacramento; Ilarlan Frost, A!a
medu; Kathryn Alice Gray, 754
Tenth street, Oakland; Earl Goodwin,
VaeavUle; Melbourne Gilbert, 236(5
Nineteenth street, San Francisco:" J.
T. Gardner, Madera; Myra Gibson,
fc!2 Dolores street, San Francisco;
Charlie Gunh, Healdsburg; Olive
Godfrey, ' Yacavllle; Et'nel Houston.
S56C Twenty-third street. San Fran
cisco;. KJvera Hoos, 1674 Twelfth
street, Oakland; Millard Hcndricks.
Berkeley; .Xini Hoots, 125 Tremont
street, San Francisco; Ivy Hayward,
Santa Clara; G. A- Huntington, Sac
ramento: John Hollls, ' Gridley;
Henry Holyoke. 1918 Union street,
San Francisco; Sammle Hern, Tulare;
Pearl Hanson, Petaluir.a; S. Her,
San Rafael; Maxlne Isreal, box 73,
Nevada City; H. Jamep. West Berke
ley; Arthur Juensrcr. Los Angeles;
Mabel Jameson, 940 Mrytle street,
Oakland; Bess Johnson, Cement; H.
M. Knight, Kcswick; Mary Kejly,
JMO Hayes street. San Francisco; Dor
othy Kentzel, 1709 Hyde street, San
Francisco; Crayton Long, Hay
wards; Clifford Langford, San Ra
fael: Karl Levy. 31 Central avenue,
San Francisco; Kenneth Lynch, Ala
tneda; Maria Lindberg. Berkeley;
Harry Laddish. Benicia; Maude
Laddish. Benieia; Harold Liese, 1113
Twelfth avenue. East Oakland: Ethel
I^an, 2510' McAllister street, San
Francisco; Wilfred Lindsey, Broder
,lck; Bradford Melvin, 1467 Tenth
-avenue, Oakland; ' Edwin Meese, 1175
Eighth street, Oakland; Anna Mayer,
747 O'Farrell street^ San Francisco;
R- McDonald, Taylor; Lucille Mahan,
«64 % Fifty-ninth elreet, Oakland;
Frank Maher, 2314 Taylor street, San
Francisco; Henrj' McXamara, Mar-*
tinez; G. McLoughlln, 840 Hayes
street, San Francisco; Lucile Mosher,
Berkeley: Alec Martin, 308 Sutter
«treet. Sa.n Francisco; Nellie McGlynn.
&2 Montedto avenue, Oakland; Asa
THE^C at? the names of the
lucky pri::" winners of the names
of «-olleges auzzles in the Sunday-
Call of October 2:
These Are
the Lucky *
15O Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
October 2
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Pnzzle Editor. Sunday CalL
San Francisco:
Below In their proper nnm-
bcrs please flnd my solution of
the names or articles of furni-
ture in tills week's puzzles:
I
3
3 ••;•• j
? «*—
/ • • • •• ••.•••• ••••••«•••« K «-»_.. .
3 r ...»*..,...
»
Name
Street or P. O
City *
State 1 ** •*•**• *"¦*?•••
If I win I choose for prize
(See List c! Prize*.)LOXDOX, Oct.- 15. — William Wai- .
dorf Astor is coming out strong in his
new role of patron and preserver of
h<storic scenes and associations. Not
content with his scheme for restoring
Htver Castle as it was in the days
when King Henry VIII wooed the ill
fated Anne Boleyn there, Astor is
further planning to build around it a
Tudor village that shall be in every de
tail an exact replica of the dwell
ings of o^den time. One house, which
About Hever Castle the
Millionaire Will Con
struct a Quaint City
LONDON, October 15.— Following
the example of Lady Barrymore, her
countrywoman, the Marchioness of
Dufferin (formerly Miss Davis of New
York) is endeavoring to promote a
spirit of industrial activity in the
pe***ant women among: whom she
lives when in Ireland. The life of the
ordinary peasant woman is a most
monotonous one. The time required
dailv to rtut their own homes in nrripr
that his cab could not find a passage
through them. Dismissing it, he under
took to get through the jam on foot. By
the time he succeeded in getting inside
his own hall so great was the crush on
the stairs that after a hard struggle to
mount them and reach his wife he gave
it ur> and had to content himself with
seeing, and speaking to a few friends
as they were swept out of his own front
door, his wife upstairs apologizing all
the time for his non-arrival and won-
Great Crush at Swell Functions in London Results
in a Scramble Among the Invited Guests to
Gain Entrance to Home of Hostess.
Shows Keen Interest in
the Historical Scenes
in British Kingdom
MARKETS THEIR NEEDLEWORK
AND BRIGHTENS THEIR LIVES
ASTOR PLANS
TO CONSTRUCT
TUDOR VILLAGE
MARCHIONESS OF DUFFERIN
AIDS IRISH POOR.
British Peerage Still a FIELD FOR AMERICAN HEIRESSES Seeking to Wed Titles
PARJS. Oct. 15.— Robert Tony
Fleury, president of the Societe des
Artistes des Francais, announces that
plans will be published shortly for. a
home for aged members of the soci
ety. Almost $200,000 have been sub
scribed for the home.
Home for Aged French Artists.
PARIS, Oct. 15.— Dr. Dowie evidently
is beginning* a big crusade in Paris
and on the Continent. Mr. and Mrs.
Booth Clibborn, formerly of the Salva
tion Army in France, have become con
verts to the Zionist doctrine, and have
arrived here to carry on the propa
ganda. "My sister-in-law will start
here shortly,", said Percy Clibborn, the
financial manager for Dowie,"and some
days ago. we.sent'a missionary to.Bu
dapest. Last week -one went to Ber
lin and now we; are organizing a Paris
branch." ; . , . . ;
Dowie Converts In Paris.
DUBLIN. Oct.- 15.— Richard Croker
and his daughter Florence are visiting
J. H. Perd, a prominent Irish veterin
ary surgeon. Miss Florence is much
admired and has several suitors, but
her father has caused it to be known
that none but Roman Catholics needs
apply for her hand.
Croker and Daughter in Erin.
will be the first built, the millionaire
intends to reserve for his own occu
pation, that he may have the satisfac
tion of seeing the scheme carried out
under his own personal supervision.
The position of Hever Castle lends
itself well to such an undertaking as
its owner has in mind, for it is situat
ed on the banks of the river Eden in
the Weald of Kent and close to the
classic ground, near Penshurst, made
famous by the immortal Sidney. It
is quadrangular in form, surmounted
by towers and battlements, and inclos
ing a large courtyard. Few places in
England are. richer in historic asso
ciations, both tragic and picturesque.
Heretofore Astor has manifested a
spirit of selfishness in reserving his es
tates for his own exclusive enjoy
ment, which is not at all in keeping
with the customs and traditions of the
English aristocracy, most of whom
freely throw open their domains to the
public on at least one day in the
week. When Astor bought from the
Duke of Westminster the beautiful
Clieveden property, overlooking the
Thames, he treated visitors as tres
passers and withdrew • the privileges
which they had previously enjoyed.
At the present time he has a row on
Astor wants to be popular. It is no
secret that he would very much like
to get a title conferred upon him. But
it is also no secret that King Edward
will never give him one until he mends
his ways and shows some disposition
to share with the crowd the good
things that his money commands. The
public is anxiously waiting to learn if
the Tudor village is to be reserved for
Astor's exclusive enjoyment.
his hands with the Thames Conserv
ancy because he objects to the public
fishing in the stream where it borders
his estate.
British Peers Who Are Eligible as Husbands.
Well worth cultivating by American
match-making mammas is the Duke of
St. Aibans, hereditary grand falconer
of England, who, though thirty-four
years of age, has thus far succeeded
in eluding the net of the fowler. He
is not a drawing-room Duke and pre
fers a yacht to all the gayeties of town.
He is a handsome fellow with one of
the' finest seats in England at Best
wood , in Nottinghamshire and one of
the finest in Ireland, somewhere in
Tipperary, but he has never shown any
disposition to settle down since he en
tered upon his inheritance in 1898, much
to the regret of several English mat
rons with marriageable daughters. His
property covers some 9000 acres. At
present his half-brother, Lord Osborne
He has no objection to an untitled
bride, for he has been twice married,
and each time to a plain "Miss." His
first wife was Miss Amy Ricardo, and
his second, who has been dead seven
*teen years, was Miss Isabel Craven.
With neither did he receive a fortune,
but he was only the heir when he mar
ried them. Now that he is four times
a Duke he finds himself sorely in need
of ducats to maintain his estates in
proper style, for much of his property
Is in Scotland, where rents are low.
That is why an American heiress would
stand a . good chance now of making
her money count. The Duke already
has an heir— the Earl of March— by his
first wife, and this heir has a son, so
that his third Duchess would stand a
very remote chance of "seeing any of
her offspring In possession of the titles.
RARE DUCAL PRIZES. •
Dukes rank first in the British peer
age after the Princes of royal blood
and the two Archbishops. Matrimo
nially viewed, among the most eligible
of them is the Duke of Richmond, who
is four times a Duke — of Richmond,
Lennox and Gordon, in Great Britain,
and Due d'Aubigny in France. He has
also three Earldoms— March, Darnley
and Kinrara— and the Baronial append
ages of Settrington and Methuen. He
owns nearly 300,000 acres of land, which
Is about fifteen times as much as the
Duke of Marl borough has. He pos
sesses a fine old Scotch castle, Gordon
Castle in Banffshire, ' a magnificent
mansion at Chichester, Goodwood
House, which deservedly ranks among
the best of the stately homes of Eng
land, and several other residences. He
succeeded to his estate only last year.
He is 59, tall, thin and of active habits.
He carries his age well, and where
titled marriages are concerned youth
and romance are secondary considera
tions. He is a brainy man, too, and a
plucky one; was a member of Parlia
ment for nineteen years, and as colonel
of the Third Royal Sussex Regiment
he distinguished himself in the South
African war.
-i^ONDONr Oct." 15.-— Though "the Brit
ish peerage has of . ljite years yielded
many titled husbands . to American
heiresses there is no danger of the sup
ply, running short. With over 500 fam
ilies entitled, to representation in the
House of Lords, it will be understood
that John Bull's output of peers, mak
ing no allowance for new creations, is
in a fair way to keep pace for some
time to come with Uncle Sam's sur
plus of vastly rich and pretty girls.
As a matter of fact, there are at pres
ent far finer matrimonial plums to be
plucked from the tree of the British
aristocracy than' have yet been gath
ered by the American feminine in
vaders.
By long odds the richest bachelor
peer in the United Kingdom is the Mar
quis of Bute, who is only 24 years old.
At a low estimate his property is worth
at least $30,000,000. Cupid will count for
more than cash in determining his mat-
The generous money grant made by
n. grateful nation to the national idol
terminated with the third Duke, and
the estate, which consists of some 19,000
acres, does not yield enough in the
shape of rents to maintain a ducal
style of living. This state of affairs
should make Lord Douro an easy match
for some rich American heiress. With
enough of the needful to pay the bills
an American Duchess of Wellington
would stand socially, at least, on an
equal footing with the American
Duchess of Marlborough. As far as
titles go the Wellington dukedom is
much richer in them than the Marl
bcrough one. Spain and Pdrtugal vied
with England in lavishing them on the
Iron Duke, but did not sully their man
ifestations of gratitude by. associating
them with anything so sordid and vul
gar as cash.
There is no house in London better
adapted to entertaining than Apsley
House, with its magnificent hall, rare
art treasures and priceless relics of the
conqueror of Napoleon. It needs only
money and those arts in Which the
American* girl excels to make It the
most popular resort of the social elect.
Lord Douro is reputed to be a very de
cent fellow. In the Guards he made the
mistake of taking his profession seri
ously instead of "going the pace," and
was "ragged" by his brother officers.
RICHEST BACHELOR PEER.
It is as a prospective Duke that Lord
Douro should figure in the list of ducal
eligibles, for if he lives long enough
he will some day be Duke of Welling
ton. He is now twenty-seven and his
father, the present Duke, is fifty- five,
but longevity as well as genius has
thus far been restricted to the first
Duke. Financially the house of Wel
lington has fallen on evil days and the
Duke has a hard time of it to make
both ends meet.
&e~Xere, is the heir-presumptive. In
cidentally the Duke of St. Albans is a
descendant of Charles II and Nell
Gwynn.
As he celebrated his seventeenth
birthday only a few months ago-, a few
years must elapse before the Duke of
Leinster can be regarded as in the
eligible list, but he is well worth wait
ing for. He is the premier Duke, Mar
quis and Earl of Ireland all in one and,
unlike many scions of the nobility,
when he enters into his hereditary pos
sessions he will have plenty of money
to maintain them. He was only six
years old when his father died and his
trustees have been carefully nursing
the property ever since, so that when
he comes of age there will be a big for
tune awaiting him. ¦ His Kildare es
tate was recently sold for close on 57,
000.000 and he still retains a few thou
sand acres of the ancestral domain
elsewhere. Should an. American girl
marry him there 'would -be no ground
for the usual cynical jests about swap
ping British titles ' for American dol
lars. As he is one of the • few. peers
who will be able to afford the luxury
of a love match, an American girl
without much money would stand
about as good a chance of landing him
as one with lots of it. And such a
marriage would establish a new record
in international alliances.
THE FUTURE WELLINGTON*.
Equally prominent socially and from
a monetary view much' more desirable
is Lord Howard de Walden, the eighth
Baron to inherit the historic title which
dates back to 1597. He is only twenty
four and enormously rich as wealth fs
estimated in the British aristocracy.
In the South African war he served
with distinction for two years, but in
these piping times of peace he devotes
himself to sports.
Lord Gerard, whose father died two
years ago. will come of age this
autumn. The family Is not a notably
rich one. but socially it Is well at the
top and the wife of the young man
would experience no difficulty In gain
ing entrance to the charmed circle of
royalty.
Among the eldest sons of peers who
will some day inherit distinguished
titles, historic seats and large estates
there is a goodly number deserving of
the attention of socially ambitious
American mothers with pretty daugh
ters, for whose benefit their fathers
are willing to shell out handsomely.
Conspicuous among them is Lord Dal
meny, the Rosebery heir, whose com
ing of age was the occasion of so much
rejoicing and sumptuous hospitality a
couple cf years ago. He is a tall, ath
letic, manly young fellow and popular
everywhere. Thus far he has shotoro a
greater predilection for sports than pol
itics, and is a first-class cricketer.
The Earl of Caledon is still a minor,
but in two years he will take posses
sion of the 30,000 acres which constitute
his ancestral domains. Castle Caledon
and Derg Lodge, Tyrone, are the hfs
tcric seats which go with the title. la
the fire at Eton College last year,
which caused such a flutter in aristo
cratic circles, the lad distinguished
himself by his pluck and coolness. His
mother cuts a considerable figure in
London society and occupies a hand
some house in Carlton Terrace. It ta
understood that she would not ba
averse to an American heiress as a
daughter-in-law, for Irisn estates are
not usually productive of large In
ccmes, and the family is not a very
rich one.
Lord Lecon field is regarded as a
great catch among British matrons, but
the fact that he is still single though
thirty-two would indicate that he does
not look with much favor on English
beauties with limited purses. He waa
one of the most important hosts of the
Goodwood races.
Although a married man the Marquis
of Downshire figures among the elig
ible peers, for a few years ago he di
vorced his wife whom he had married
when he was 22. He is now 33. He
owns about 120,000 acres; -a castle in
County Down, Ireland, and a fine old
park and residence in Berkshire.
A IIEUO WITH PROSPECTS. -
rlmonial choice, but that is no reason
why it should not fall on one of Colum
bia's fair daughters. He is three times
an Earl and several sorts of lesser no
bilities, and withal he is an eminently
proper and correct young man.
Although the greater portion of bis
hundred thousand odd acres is In Scot
land most of his wealth Is derived from
Cardiff, which he practically owns. He
cares little for society and he and his
mother usually reside in one or the
other of his northern strongholds, sur
rounded by the superbly barbaric state
of the old fashioned Scotch nobility.
Instead of evening dress he dons the
kilt at dinner and insists on all his
servants arraying themselves in High
land costume. v
dering what had happened to detain
him.
Fashionable hostesses are utterly at a
loss to provide any remedy for the state
of affairs these incidents reveal. They
cannot restrict their invitations to a
reasonable number without giving mor
tal offense to many persons and placing
In jeopardy their own popularity. How
ever magnificent their .abodes, they
boast only one front door, and only one
carriage can draw up at one time. One
or two minutes are expended while the
occupants alight, and the carriage rolls
away. When there are hundreds of
carriages filled with guests waiting,
these minutes stretch into long and
tedious hours. And it is not alone those
who are invited to these grand func
tions who are exposed to sore inconve
nience in consequence of the street
blockades they cause. Cabs containing
people who are returning to their homes
and are very anxious to get to them
are often detained for over an hour In
consequence. Swells cannot be treated
like *?ostermongers and summoned for
impeding street traffic and creating
what the law terms a nuisance.
Still more comical and exasperating
Tvas the experience of Lord London
derry. His wife was giving a big party
at Londonderry House. He had an
other engagement that evening, but
hurried hack from it to join his wife
and play the part of host. He found
the street eo blocked with carriages
On the same night Lady Currie,
whose husband was Embassador to
Rome, but whose bad health does not
permit him to so to parties, attempted
to accept the Machioness' invitation.
Her experience was somewhat similar.
She stepped from her carriage at her
hoftess' door to observe immediately
afterward that folks were leaving the
party, and looking wistfully after her
departing carriage was by' no means
cheered to hear the liftman say, "I
don't know when you'll get your car
riage again." Then, in spite of the rain,
she set an example, which many satin-
Klippered dames followed— she ran
through the storm-swept, muddy street
until she caught up with her carriage.
EVEX THE HOST BLOCKED.
While the London season is in full
swing the crushes at fashionable func
tions are so great that many of those
who aro invited find it impossible to
gt>t inside the doors. Even more in
teresting than the stories told of grand
parties att^nipd are some of the ex
periences of those who have tried to
atter " them and failed. Determined
to be at the Marchioness of Lans
downe's big reception recently, Lord
John Hay, the brother of the Mar
quis of Tweeddale (pronounced in
Scotland Tweddle. where folks de
clare nobody but a Cockney would
pronounce it otherwise), came to
London, took rooms in town and then
brought his wife and daughters here.
Fittingly arraved, they all started out
in good time on the eventful night,
which proved to be a rainy one. but
for one whole hour and a half was
their carriage blocked in a never
ending line of smart vehicles, and the
family ultimately reached the door
of Lansdowne House just in time to
peep inside, get back to their car
riage and return home again.
THE IMPOSSIBLE CRUSH.
The Marchioness of Dufferin is go
ins one better. She is encouraging
th*» same class of work, but she is
finding a market for it among store
keepers both in England and America,
where she is able to obtain market
value and is, therefore, in a position
to pay the peasants a better price for
their work. Musical evenings and
Sunday outings for women and young
girls are also a r>art of her pro
gramme to relieve the monotony of
these poor people's lives. She does
not believe in indiscriminate char
ity. While she has no desire to make
money out of this scheme of hers,
she insists that it must pay its own
way if it Is to continue. If she gets
back the value of the materials which
ehe eupplies she is satisfied that her
effort will be productive of some
good.
does not mean much effort, and al
though they are wllttng~to work, there
is little they can do from which they
can reap any pecuniary benefits. Lady
Barrymore some months ago con
ceived the idea of encouraging cot
tage industry by providing materials
for Etocking making and needlework
of every description, afterward finding
an outlet for the work produced
through the medium of a number of
charities in which she and many
other friends were interested.
The, Duke of Richmond, With Vast Estates,
and the Marquis of Bute, With His Thirty
Millions, Plums in the Matrimonial Market
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1904.
4 1.
Pages 17 to 26
+ ¦ ! — »
Pages 17 to 26Druidism.
Supreme Arch James F. Martinoni
having, since his return from the su
preme session, settled down to the re
sumption of regular Druidic work, is
preparing a circular letter which he
will shortly send to every Jurisdiction
of the order. In his new position Mr.
Martinoni expects to awaken a new
enthusiasm in every section of the
Union in which grand and subordinate
groves of the order exist.
A new grove called Robert Emmett,
which was organized by Grand Trustee
W. Gallagher, was instituted by Noble
Grand Arch de Legh last week with
twenty-eeven applicants for admission.
The head of the order was assisted by
a number of the grand officers. The
organizer has one hundred names on
the petition for a charter in addition to
those who were initiated and expects
to have them in the grove In a short
time.
Noble Arch de Legh and Grand Sec
retary Martinoni paid an official visit
Ancient Order Foresters.
Supreme Grand Chief Companion of
the Forest, A. O. F.; Mrs. George J.
Berger announced visits .to circles
during October as follows :V October 4.
to Washington Circle, San Francisco;
11th. Valley Circle, Stockton; 17th; Oro
Flno Circle, Jackson; 19th, Diana Cir
cle, Sutter Creek; 20th, Amador Cir
cle, Amador; 21st, Sunshine XIrcle,
Merced; 22d, Fresno Circle, Fresrio.
Tuolumne is the name of a*new court
that was instituted at Carters, Tuol
umne- County, recently, with a charter
list of forty. George B. Carters ' "was '
elected past chief ranger; . James Gal
lagher, chief ranger; W. J. Mann, sub
chief ranger, and W.. Griffin, F. John-.
Bton and Thomas J. Praster, trustees.
This court was organized and insti
tuted by A. U. Field. D. H. C. R. \
Upon the departure of George W.
Lunt, who for eight years has been the
treasurer of the subsidiary high court
of California, for St. Louis and other
points of interest in the East recently,
he was escorted by the juvenile band,
which accompanied him to the Oakland
mole and there played a godsped air.
This the boys did to show their appre
ciation of the Interest Mr. Lunt has
taken in their organization.
Court Star of the West (Juvenile) at
Improved Red Men.
Bald Eagle Tribe will give its an
nual masquerade in Native Sons'. Hall
Saturday evening, October 29. This
tribe, which has a membership of
nearly 400 and a fine personnel,- has in
the past always been successful in any
thing it has undertaken in the social
line and it expects that this event will
excel anything heretofore given by it.
Everything will be done to make it a
great success. The committee in charge
is H. Dilges, H. Zetsch, H. Kuhlman,
John White. L. F. Guedet, H. Dixon.
W. Haas, M. Newman, George Hale
and O. Davlin. L. F. Guedet will be
the king of the. carnival, H. Tanner the
prince and J. Nystrom jester. Heralds
and courtiers will be represented by
members of the tribe. A novel march
will be introduced and there will be a
number of ideas patterned after the
Mardi Gras festival in Paris and in
New Orleans. One of San Francisco's
best decorators has been secured to
transform the hall into a scene from
fairy land. Judges from outside tribes
will be chosen to award the prizes
which are to be given.
The proceedings of the last Great
Council of California have been issued
by Great Chief of Records Bliss. It is
a clear compilation in 204 pages of the
work of that body and is inclosed in
a neat cover on which there appears
the totem of the reservation of Cali
fornia and a typical Indian, represent
ing the order, designed by Past Sachem
Gorham. '
A 1 new tribe called Chuma was insti
tuted recently at Santa Barbara by s
American Foresters.
On the occasion of the reception to
Grand Chief Ranger J. H. Foley to
Cours de France Foresters of America
last week the speakers were the grand
<hief ranger, Grand Secretary Cordy,
Grand Junior Woodward D, Tear, Pro
fessor Dupre, J. Leivre, Chief Ranger
Cambesus and Past Chief Ranger
Mauchou of Court Sadi Carnot, Jacob
Label, editor of the American Forest
er Review, and E. C. Stock of Court
fcjutro Heights. After the good of the
order refreshments were served in the
patriotically decorated hall. The col
ors of the United States and those of
France predominated. This court has
appointed Messrs. Freich, Capeder
vielle, Krleps. Hestin, Leger and Ar
gout a committee to arrange for a
banquet on November 12. ; .': y . "^
Court Sunflower "will have an anni
versary banquet October 20.
Court Seal Rock will have a house
warming, entertainment and dance on
November 26.
Court Barbarossa has arranged for
a grand ball in Turn Verein Hall No
vember 5. U : $li
Grand Trustee Secord announces
the following official visits: November
2, to Court Chris Bremer; November
17. to Port Costa; December 12, to
Tracy; January 4, 1905, to Mount Di
ablo, and February 1, to Court Contra
Costa.
J.unior Court Pride of California at
its meeting last week initiated twen
ty-one strangers.
Court Emeryville had a high jinks
last week and there were present
members of the courts in the vicinity.
Excelsior Circle, Companions of the
Forest of America, had a brownie
party in the assembly hall of the Al
cazar building'on the second Saturday
in October. * There was \ a very large
number of people • 4n attendance, i 'A
good programme of entertainment and
An Active Fraternalist.
Dr. Blanche L. Sanborn, well-known
in fraternal circles and a member of
half a dozen associations, on the first
Sunday in October gave the first of a
series of "at homes" arranged for the
fall and winter months, dt her home
on Sutter street. This was for the en
tertainment of some of her many
friends. There was a programme of
entertainment which included a bary
tone solo by M. Renswick; piano solo.
Miss Genevra Lamb; recitation, Olive
Pearl Miller; chorus, led by Ed Allen
berg; sketch, "He Lost to Win," by
Miss E. Farley. Olive Pearl Miller and
William Loan. This was followed by
an excellent supper, at which a feature
was "Vanderbilt fruit salad," which, it
is believed, was the first time it has
been served on this coast. Those who
attended this at home were: Professor
and Mrs. Carl Sawvell, Mr. and Mrs.
James Gordon, Mrs. Marie Hendy, Mr.
and ,. Mrs. Versalovlch, Dr. and Mrs.
Lamb, TUlss G. Lamb, Mr. and Mrs.
AUenberg, Qlive Pearl Miller, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Biggs, Mrs. J. H. Davis, Mrs.
Joseph Jackson, Miss Blanche : Allen
berg, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Sanborn,
M. Stern. M. Renswick, Eugene B. Cohn
and Harold Helss.
McKinley Circle G. A. R.
In the latter part of September
William McKinley. Circle No. 21. La
dies of the Grand Army, held memo
rial services In Its hall. There was an
address 6y George Gould, commander
of Fair Oaks Camp. S. O. V.; instru
mental selections, Miss McCullough;
select reading. Miss Anglo Ayers;
piano- recital, Mrs. Thomas; address.
Department Secretary Mrs. Smedley;
remarks by Mrs. Howe, president of
Seven Pines Circle, and Mrs. M. Mil
ler, president of George H. Thomas
Circle. The members of this circle
have arranged for an entertainment
on the night of October 19. when a
pleasing programme of music, song
and dance will be presented. a
handsome sofa pillow will be dis
posed of that night for the benefit of
the fund for the relief of. the sick.
This will be an open meeting, to which
all interested in the work on behalf
of the old soldiers will be welcomed.
State Organizer Peter F. Gilroy of
the Woodmen of the World has re
moved his headquarters from the.
Native Sons' building to 850 Market
street, adjoining the quarters of th«
National Union.
The visiting committee of the fra
ternal mortgage campaign was met
last week in the forest of Pathfinder
Camp, near the county line between
San Francisco and San Mateo by a
very large aggregation of Neighbors of
Woodcraft. There was a jollification,
the presentation of four applications
and addresses along the line of cancel
ing the fraternal rriortgage by Lau
rence Vincent, chairman of the cam
paign committee; State Organizer
Peter F. Gilroy, Special Organizer
Krum, A." B. Craw, vice president of
the committee; Neighbor McCann and
several others.
Applewood Camp No. 696 was insti
tuted in Red Men's Hall by State Or
ganizer Gilroy with a membership ; of
forty-four. J. P. Bartelme was in
stalled as consul commander and .A.
Apple as clerk. vv ? v>
All but three of the twenty camps of
Alameda County which gave a- promis
sory note each to secure . a certain
number of candidates for initiation
have taken up their notes.
On the first Thursday In" October
X. L.-. Circle of the Women of Wood
craft was .visited : by the campaign
committee of the fraternal campaign
committee . and the meeting was. a
pleasing and Instructive one. The
speakers on behalf of the visitors were
Mrs. A. F. McMahon, chairman; Cap
tain Allie Perrin, secretary, and Past
Guardian Neighbor \ Mollie Kauff man.
There were als6 -addresses for the good
of the cause by Deputy Grand Guardian"
Neighbor Mrs. J. W. Steanart of Red
wood Circle and Neighbor Morris of
Pathfinder' Camp. After the close of
the meeting there . was the serving of
a luncheon and coffee by a committee
of ten of the circle, of which Past
Guardian Neighbor Lottie Morris was
the chairman. This circle was instituted
last July by Grand Organizer Miss
Bertha Somers .and is the youngest
circle in this city. It has now sixty
one members and quite a number of
applications for membership to be
acted upon..
The membership of Haven Camp,
Woodmen. of the World, was decidedly
enthusiastic on the occasion of the visit
of ithe campaign committee on the
Woodcraft.
There was a large attendance in the
hall of Eureka Lodge, Sons of Her
mann, In Pioneer Hall, on the night of
October 7. to witness the installation
of the following officers for the current
term: Carl W. Mueller, president;
William Wilkens, vice president; Wil
liam Rehke, recording secretary; Oscar
Simon, financial secretary; Paul Hell
mann, treasurer; William Rabe, con
ductor: Jacob Lutz, inside, and L. Eis
enbeis, outside guardian; A. Asmann,
G. Selike. J. Schlictmann, finance com
mittee. The installation was by Grand
President J. Hagedom, who, at the
close of the ceremony, congratulated
the retiring president, August Hansen,
for the success of the lodge during the
term just closed and thanked him in
the name of the order for his very effi
cient services while in the chair of
president! This lodge now has a* mem
bership of 4C) and is the banner lodge
of the order in this State. At the in
vitation of Eureka Lodge, representa
tives from the other ten lodges of the
order in this city met with it and dis
cussed the advisability of erecting a
"German House" In which all German
societies of San Francisco could . have
a meeting place. The proposition is
that the "German House" shall be
seven or eight stories in height, steel
framed and to cost about $1,000,000. It
will be built so as to have enough lodge
rooms to accommodate all German so
cieties, a modern theater, .where Ger
man performances can be given once a
week, a dance hall, a gymnasium and
a swimming tank. It was decided to
meet again in the near future and or
ganize a hall association.
Sons of Hermann.
a dance made all in the hall forget
that it was raining in torrents on the
roof over their heads.
Grand Chief Companion Mary Tho
man, Companions of the Forest of
America, will make official visits to
circles in San Francisco as follows:
October 31. to New Century Circle;
November 2, to Bonita Circle; No
vember 3, to Ferrucio Circle; Novem
ber 8, to Live Oak 'Circle; November
10, to Martha Circle; December 6, to
Excelsior Circle; December 7, to Law
ton Circle; December 8, to Osceola
Circle; December 13, to Mizpah Circle,
and December 15, to Golden Era Cir
cle.
Miss Tessie Vahey of New Century
Circle, who is organist of that subor
dinate, is one of the most active mem
bers and always ready to do what she
can to make the social feature of the
circle a success. The lady is possessed
of a sweet voice and at every meet'ng
under good of the order entertains
with vocal as well as instrumental se
lections. -. ,
New Century Circle has appointed
Sarah Beversen, Margaret Lemme and
Elizabeth H. Drendel a committee to
organize a degree team and have the
same oresent the work on the night
of the official visit to the circle. This
team will be continued as the New
Century initiatory team. This circle
will give a social on the night of Oc
tober 22 in the Alcazar building.
Golden Era Social Club, composed
of Court Golden Era and Golden Era
Circle, will give its first trolley rjd*
on October 26.
lady relatives of the members.. The
programme was followed by the distri
bution of candy to the children of mem
bers who were present and the serving
of a collation to the adults.
subordinates of the Americans are very
satisfactory to Director General Lewis.
San Francisco Assembly No. 1 had
a dance in Red Men's Hall October 11.
There was a good attendance.
Washington Assembly No. 3 is plan
ning an entertainment to be given in
Scandia Hall.
Director General Henry Clay Lewis
visited the assembly In San Jose last
week and was present at the initiation
of seven strangers.
A new assembly will shortly be insti
tuted at Lodi.
Mrs. A. K. Fox of San Francisco As
sembly is one of the active members of
that institution and always anxious to
advance its interest.
Great Sachem Davis, Great Guard of
the Wigwam P. Hansen and Past
Sachem P. S. Seymour with liO mem
bers. The degrees were conferred by
teams of Cocopah, Mojave and Te
hachapi tribes of Los Angeles. The
ceremonies were followed by a banquet.
James Nunn is the sachem and T.L.
Harris chief of records.
The members of the order rejoice that
D. A. B. Mayhew, past sachem of Sag
amore Tribe of Palo Alto, has been ap
pointed a member ofMhe State Board
of Dental Examiners.
A new tribe has been organized in
Arcata by Great Sachem Davis, assist
ed by Vernon A. Smith, acting as great
chief of records, and the degree team
of Hupa Tribe of Eureka.' R. Roberts
is the sachem and J. C. Foxon chief
of records.
Manzanita Tribe No. 4 of the Im
proved Order of Red Men on the even-*
ing of the second Saturday in Octo
ber gave a reception to and banquet
ed John J. Bryan, one of its members,
upon his return from St. Joseph, Mo.,
where he was a representative to the
Great Council of the United- States."
There were nearly two, hundred per
sons present to honor the representa-.
tive, one-half of the number being la
dies. An excellent supper was served
and at the serving of the dessert Past
Sachem Adam Smith, the toastmaster,
called upon the following named to
respond to sentiments expressed by
him: "Our Guests," F. M. Bertwell,
sachem of the tribe; "The Great Coun
cil of California," J. C. Ruddock, great
representative; "The Great Council of
the United States," Great Representa
tive J.- Harry Hutaff; -'Our ¦ Order,"
Great Chief of Records Porter. L"." Bliss;
Manzanita Tribe,'-' Great Representa
tive J. . J. Bryan ; "The Press," E. C.
Stock of Altahmos Tribe, and "The La
dies," Past Sachem Dr. Nathan Rog
ers. During the evening the company
was entertained with vocal and musi
cal selections by Mrs. William Winter,
Mrs. J. I. Rice, Mrs. M. Bates, T.
Eraser, William Crowley, A., Kernan
and Master ,Byron, son of John J.
Byron, the prophet of the tribe, . This
most pleasing affair Was carried f 0 a
successful termination by the commit
tee of arrangements, composed of S. F.
Graham, Henry t,easen, Nathan Rog
ers, M. D., Herbert Jagger arid P. H.
.Abels.
Pocahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas has arranged for a day
and night at the Chutes on October 25.
The members of the council are active
in the matter of making the affair a
great success.
On the first sleep of- the Beaver
Moon, Manzanita Council was visited
by Great • Representative J. J.. Bryan,
who recently returned -from the ses
sion of, the Great Council of the Unit
ed States. He was accompanied by
Great Chief of Records Bliss, who also
attended the Great Council. Under
good of the order the council was giv
en a short talk by the great chief of
records and then a long talk by the
great representative. He gave an In
teresting account of his trip East arid
told of what he saw. He then gave a
detailed account of the* manner in
which the adoption work 'was ~ per
formed by ."the crack A No. 1 team"
of St. Joseph, Mo., before the Great
of the State Asylum at that place. The
work of the evening was followed by
a banquet at the Central Hotel at
¦which L. Banchero was the toastmas
ter. The ladies of Harmony and Jus
.tice circles of that place were guests at
the banquet.
Last Sunday the grand officers vis
ited Sonoma Grove and were well re
ceived by nearly the entire member
ship. After the meeting there was a
banquet and among the many who oc
cupied seats at the festal board were
the lady members of Sonoma Circle.
A new circle of the Druidesses was
recently instituted at Indianapolis,
making the tenth in that city in three
years. A grand circle is being organ
ized in the State of Indiana. Past Noble
Grand Arch Geider of Indiana reports
to the Supreme Arch that the order is
doing well in that State and that two
new groves have been instituted since
last June.
Grand Arch Druidess Olga Heiden
announces official visits to circles as
follows: October 26, to Livermore
Circle in Livermore; October 27, to
Evergreen Circle. Stockton (special);
October 28, Sequoia Circle, Angels
Camp; November 10, Golden Gate
Circle, Druids' Hall, San Francisco;
December 7. Nova to Circle, Novato;
December 8. Petaluma Circle, Peta
luma, and December 9, Sonoma Circle,
Sonoma.
On the occasion of the visit of Grand
Matron Mrs. Routzan of the Order of
the Eastern Star to Starr King Chap
ter, where there was a large attendance
and a very interesting evening was
spent, she was presented a very pretty
crystal bonbon dish as a souvenir of
the visit.
At the last meeting of Mission
Chapter in September the offi
cers of Ivy Chapter conferred the
degree on twelve candidates for
the sitting chapter. There were
about three hundred and fifty members
present and after the work there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall,
which had been decorated with ivy in
honor of the visitors. There an excel
lent supper was served- The evening
of the visit was the anniversary of the
birth of Harry Maundrell, patron of
Mission Chapter, and he was presented
a large birthday cake, on which there
•were twenty-one lighted candles. None
of the committee knew his age,
but decided that it was safe to say that
he is twenty-one and therefore lit one
candle for each year.
There was a large attendance of
members of the order at the official
visit paid by the grand matron and
grand patron to Golden Gate Chapter.
Among the number were fourteen past
grand patrons and grand matrons, the
matron of each of the local chapters
except two, one being out of the city
and the other on the sick list. There
¦was initiatory work, which was highly
commended, then addresses and a col
lation in the banquet hall, and dancing.
The grand matron was presented a fine
crystal vase and the grand patron a
silver tag for his grip. Dr. Amy Flor
ence Temple, matron or this chapter,
gave a dinner at the Pendleton to the
grand matron, grand patron, grand
secretary and ten matrons of chapters
a few evenings since and it proved a
most delightful reunion.
California Chapter at its last meet
ing had initiatory work. The members
of the chapter congratulated John Ton
ningsen, the "father" of the chapter,
on having been presented a beautiful
medal during conclave week in recog
nition of valuable services.
The visit of the grand matron and
patron to Olive Branch Chapter last
week was a very delightful affair.
There were present as many members
of the order as could crowd into Elks'
Hall. The initiatory work was render
ed letter perfect. A feature of the work
•was the initiation of Mies Partridge
into th.' order by Mrs. Mary E. Par
tridge, past most worthy grand matron
of the General Grand Chapter of the
United States, her mother. At the close
of the work there was the presenta
tion of a handsome souvenir to the
grand matron, one to Mrs. Christensen,
the district deputy; flowers to Mrs.
Partridge and the serving of a colla
tion-
Last week the grand matron and
patron were, on the occasion of their
visit to Ivy Chapter, greeted by more
than three hundred members of the
order, including the associate grand
matron, grand secretary, grand mar
shal. Past Grand Matrons Wilson, Gib
erson. Hall and Owens, Mrs. Partridge,
P. M. W. G. M. of the G. G. C. of the
United States; Past Grand Patrons
Gray, Darlfng and Byce and many
others high in the order. There was
the initiation of six strangers and 'the
presentation of souvenirs. These were
sofa pillows to the grand matron and
to her deputy, Mrs. Christensen, a wal
let to Grand Patron M<cKobIe and a
burnt leather souvenir to the grand
secretary. The chapter then served an
excellent supper.
to St. Helena Grove in the town of
that name and after the official busi
ness and close of the grove there was a
banquet in honor of the visiting offi
cials at which the ladies of Olive
Circle of Druldesses assisted. G. L.
Johnson was toastmaster and there
•were responses to toasts by the grand
officers. Editor McKinley of the Star,
Editor Blanc of the Sentinel and many
others. During the supper Galluski's
band furnished musical selections and
after supper there was a programme of
vocal music and dancing. The follow
ing day the grand officers were the
guests of Past Arch Forni and his wife,
Mariana Forni, who is the grand sen
tinel of the Grand Circle of Druidesses,
at a dinner and in the afternoon they
were taken to see the country and were
also taken to the Forni vineyard, where
they saw a large force of men engaged
In wine making.
In the afternoon of that day the
grand officers went to Napa, where
they visited William Tell and Fratern
ity groves In joint session. There the
degTee team of Columbia Grove of San
Francisco,- in charge of Captain P. J.
Molitorno, assisted by the father of
that grove. Grand Trustee Gallagher,
initiated several candidates in a pleas
ing manner. Among those Initiated
were Assemblyman Percy King and
Knights of Pythias.
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal
Herman Schaffner of the Knights of
Pythias has returned from the session
of the Supreme Lodge, held in Louis
ville, and Is "doing business again at
the old atand." •
General H.:R. Arndt of this city has
been reappointed chief of staff on the
staff of Major General James R. Carna
han. -< ' v r :
The nex# convention of the Supreme
Lodge of the ordeY will be held in 1906
at New Orleans, September 13.
At the session of the Supreme Lodge
it was decided to codify the supreme
constitution and statutes of the order.
The minimum age limit was reduced
from 21 to 18 yeaTs.
A committee of five was appointed to
make a complete investigation of the
condition of the endowment rank and
report at the next session of the Su
preme Lodge.
A proposition to permit the grand
lodges to fix the minimum fee for ad
mission was defeated, but subsequently
it was decided that In subordinate
lodges In each grand domain the fee
shall be fixed by each such domain. The
matter will be submitted to each grand
domain and be brought up for final ac
tion in the Supreme Lodge two years
hence.
It was decided to submit to the grand
domains a proposition- to do away with
compulsory funeral benefits, leaving the
question to be determined by each
grand domain. • . >
The salary of the supreme chancellor
was increased from 53000 to $4000 a
The favorable report of the commit
tee on state of the order to abolish
the semi-annual password was adopted.
At the next session this will necessitate
a change of the ritual.
On the last day of the session tha
Rathbone Sisters were recognized as
"an independent auxiliary of the
Knights of Pythias."
A Joint form of receipt and order for
the password similar to that used by
the Order of Elks was adopted.
The proceedings of the last held sea*
sion of the California Grand Lodge cf
the Knights of Pythias make a book of
250 pages and give In a comprehensive
manner all the work done by the grand
body.
Grand Vice Chancellor D. C^ Clark
will make official visits as follows: Oc
tober 24, Springville Lodge at Fortuna;
October 25, Lincoln Lodge at Eureka;
October 26, Aurora Lodge at Ferndale;
October 27, Mattole Lodge at Petrolia,
end October 29,* North Star and Mad
River lodges in Joint session at Ar
ea ta.
These Are Workers for Local Fraternities.
The Americans.
Reports for the last week "from the
Council/ and after demonstrating that
the work Is far behind -that done in
California, he said: '.'Manzanita will
not have to take' off its headgear to
Missouri., for the.people . there .have not
the idea of the impressive manner in
which the work should be put on, nor
have they the idea of proper costumes
for the members of trie team." The
council iwas addressed by several oth
ers who congratulated the team on the
magnificent appearance it made_oh the
"bccasionjof^-its" 'adoption; of ithe pale
faces for' the.' hew;' counoil, Calumet.
This congratulation was •"- emphasized
by a letter from . Great Prophetess
Minna Betts, who highly praised the
,team- for its work. • - ¦ •
night of October 5, and before the close
of the meeting the camp invited the
committee to call again, when there
would be a houseful of still more en
thusiastic members. The speakers of
the evening were John H. Foley, head
adviser; State Organizer Peter F. Gil
roy, Judge Frank H. Kerrigan of
Tamalpais Camp, Colonel Clark of San
Francisco Camp, Colonel Knowles of
Los Angeles, . Special Organizer W. .C.
Krum, Lawrence Vincent of the cam
paign committee, Neighbors Mullaney
and McCann of Tamalpais Gamp, E. C.
Stock of Golden Gate Camp and W. J.
McCabbe of Mission Camp. A. B.
Craw, vice president of the campaign
committee,* presided. This camp's uni
formed team gave a ball in the assem
bly hall of the Pioneer building last
week. There was a good attendance
and a good programme of dances.
The degree team of Mission Camp
gave a dance, last week in Scandia Hall.
As on previous occasions, the member
ship turned out in full force and
brought many ladles with them. All
had a pleasant evening to the sound
of good music.
The Woodmen of v this city are ar
ranging for. a grand amateur night in
some theater, possibly during the early
part of November.
Mission Camp had a ladies' night
last week and had a fine programme
for the entertainment of the wives and
its last held meeting Initiated four ap
plicants for admission and received ftv»
applications. This court has now
reached the 100 mark.
The official visit paid last week to
Loyal Circle of the Companions of the
Forest was a pleasant and profitable
one. On that occasion two strangers
were initiated and several applica
tions were presented. During the
evening Companion Mrs. A. Harvey,
on behalf of the circle, presented Past
Supreme Chief Companion J. Fal
coner a handsome Morris chair.
The dance recently given by Wash
ington Circle was a great social suc
cess. All who attended had a most
delightful time.
Sherwood Circle gave a "gold
brick party" in the social hall of
the Alcazar building on the night of
the first Saturday of the current
month. There was a well arranged,
programme of dahcef. During the
grand march each participant was
presented a pretty gold brick sou
venir. This circle is working hard to
bring Itself into prominence, and to
that end gives a social on the first
Saturday in each month.
The smoker given by Court Star of
the Mission in the large banquet hall of
the Foresters' building was attended
by as many as could get into the
me'eting place. A pleasing programme
was presented. The latest returns
from this court show a substantial in
crease in membership and finance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18The Alcazar is to the fore with its
new players and a new play. To-mor
row evening: will be produced there for
the first time in San Francisco a com
edy by Clyde Fitch entitled "The Way
of the World." The play deals with so
ciety life in New York, and to Judge
by the work of John Craig and Lillian
Lawrence, the new people, with the
Another belated and celebrated mu
sical comedy will arrive in town this
week, following "The Burgomaster" of
last. This is "San Toy," that has made
several strenuous attempts to get here,
and that will be seen at the Columbia.
By all accounts (some dated long years
ago) "San Toy" is of the best of the
school. It is one of the original Daly
productions, and with it comes James
H. Powers, who "created" for America
the role in which he will appear. Oth
ers also of the original cast will be
here. George Fortescue, the 300-pound
comedian, is of them. The production
itself promises to be of the splendid
order.
WHAT WILL, BE SEEN'
AT THE PLAYHOUSES
DURING THIS WEEK
the Stevens Hamlet would be a most
personable and effective figure.
"Down the Line" is still a drawing
card at Fischer's.
Techau's cats, a company of felines
"A Japanese Nightingale," the Ori
ental play that has made something
of a sensation up at the Majestic, will
continue this week. - : ,
"Der Rastelbinder" continues to de
light at the Tivoli.
By all odds, however, the most im
portant dramatic event of the week
will be the appearance of James J.
Jeffries at the Central. ' Mr. Jeffries
will appear in "Davy Crockett." /
The California also has a revival that
promises to be a good one, with
Hoyt's "A Texas Steer," presented by
a company that includes Karry B. Em
ery, W. H. Bray and May L. Stock
ton.
The Grand Opera-house is trying to
live up to the glory of this week's
"Burgomaster" wjth an important pro
duction of "Arizona," and Mr. Acker
man promises a good company, which
is all "Arizona" needs.
promise of Miss "Woodson, it should be
very cleverly interpreted.
Miss Mina Gleason was quietly con
vincing as the queen, there was a pret
tily voiced and sincere Ophelia, whose
name I have forgot, a better king than
a» Berkeley — and a better Hamlet! Mr.
Stevens has many faults, tricks and
mannerisms galore. He gasps, uses his
head to clinch his points, overplays
wi^h his hands and generally some
what discounts the audience's intelli
gence. But he is finely fitted physi
cally to the role, has the romantic at
mosphere, a delightful voice, is grace
ful of gesture and reads with comfort
able intelligence. Such as there were of
his lines he knew and mostly delivered
well. Of no great depth, his dramatic
instinct is, on the whole, true — it fails
him in the play scene where he crawls
» on this stomach half across the stage to
the throne. This may be Edwin Booth
business, of which Mr. Stevens has use
fully remembered much, but it is dis
pleasing.
In the scenes with the queen and at
the grave of Ophelia Mr. Stevens was
notably natural and sympathetic. His
fencing scene was also a dashing bit of
work. I found him less convincing in
his moments with the ghost than at
any other time. But shorn of its tricks
thrones and things. A^id very good it
was; dignified and reverent throughout
— after one had swallowed the mutila
tors of text.
Two Impersonators of Shakespeare's Mad Dane Recently Seen Across Bay |
Joseph Hart and Carrie de Mar have
accepted a musical play- entitled "The
Zouaves." by Roland Phillips of Har
per's "Weekly. This comedy or one
called "The Country Club" will be their
next production-
Frederick' Warde and "Bill" Nye were
great friends. "When the humorist first
engaged in newspaper work he took a
house on Staten Island, and one day
Mr. Warde went to dinner with him.
Nye exploded some new stories, and
Mr. "Warde. turning to his host's little
girl, said:
"Very clever papa you've got, my
dear." , J,
"Yes." responded the demure littleT
miss, "when there's company."
• • •
"Wilton Lackaye has been asked to
play Svengall at a German perform
ance of "Trilby" in Chicago. Lackaye.
speaks German fluently, and Is consid
ering whether he will perform In Eng
lish or German.
• • •
Fran Johanna Gadski in her appear
ance in August In the Mozart and Wag
nerian music festivals at Munich scored
such an immediate and overwhelming
success that Director Possart at once
re-engaged her to sing again the
Countess in Mozart's "Marriage of
Figaro" and Senta in "Wagner's "Flying
Dutchman" next year at the same
place, and also Isolde In "Tristan and
Isolde."
NOTES AND GOSSIP
CONCERNING WEIiL
KNOWN ACTOR FOLK
One open air performance within
recent years we have had of "As Tou
Like It." * Nance O'Neill gave it at
Sutro Heights. It was many times
memorable. Charming, of course, in
parts, the production as a whole was
hardly convincing. One remembers,
for example, the incongruous police
man butting into the forest of Arden;
Corbett's rubbers — J. J. graced the
festival as Charles the Wrestler (in
tremendously pink tights with shrill
green trimmings) — toweled and
sponge laden, elbowing Touchstone
and Celia; and much other painful
anachronism. Ben Greet's "As You
Like It" will not be of that kind. Ad
mirably as he always preserves the
archaic quality in h,is productions,
his open air plays by repute are even
more admirably correct. He has given
even hundreds of these performances
in England.
Mr. Greet will appear as Touch
stone, and Mr. Greet is always inter
esting and distinguished, though he
may not wholly convince except in his
rarest of Malvolios. Miss Constance
Crawley will be the Rosalind and
should be as always charming. Mr.
Crawley, who, it is gradually dawn-
"As Tou Like It," in one of the
open air performances for which Ben
Greet has been famous for twenty
years in London, will be the chief
dramatic attraction of the week. The
play will be performed at Mills Col
lege next Saturday afternoon for the
benefit of the endowment fund of the
institution. In the evening a perform
ance of "The Merchant of Venice" In
its entirety will be given at Lisser
Hall. All railway and other accom
modations have been specially ordered
for the best comfort of visitors and
the whole occasion will be a notable
fiesta.
BEN GREET'S OPEN
AIR PERFORMANCE OF
"AS YOU LIKE IT"
• • •
The Ellsworths, comedy sketch art
ists, will lead the Chutes bill of the
week.
that fully disprove- the theory that
the cat cannot be taught tricks, will
star at the Orpheum this week. They
have just been astonishing London,
Berlin and Vienna and sing in all
tongues.
Altogether the "As Tou Like It"
promises unique and delightful enter
tainment.
ing upon us. Is one of the most»ac
complished actors that we have had 1
here, will be in the cast. To his fine
Death in "Everyman." his excellent
Laertes, hla sweet and noble Prirlce.
Duke. _Orsino, Mr. Crawley has thi*
week added a most admirable Andrew
Aguecheek and a clever Don Pedro.
Sydney Greenstreet Is another notabte
player, his Dogberry and his Sir Toby
Belch of this week being of the rarest
sort of comedy, and he will be of the
company.
Stange and Edwards, by all ac
counts, seem to have done exception
ally good work in "Love's Lottery."
The programme for the farewell con
cert of. Josef Hofr'.ann this afternoon
at the Tivoli Is as follows — and tha
prices are to be popular:
Prelud* and Furue. D major. .. .Bach-D'A!b«rt
Lleder Ohne 'Worte Msndelssoha
(Duette. Spring Song. Spinning S^ng.)
Sonata AppassicnaLa Beethoven
II.
Polcnal** Fantalsie
Barcarolle
Impromptu G flat major
Valse C sharp minor
Value A flat major ..... ..Chopin
Prelude No. 25
Chant* Polonaises O major
Polonaise A fiat major J'
III.
Isolde's Liebestod ? -vTaener
Feueraauber $ wasner
Ktincelles Moskowskl
Rhapsodle No. 2 Liszt
• • •
Last week's productions In New
York Included "Love's Lottery." in
which our dear Schumann-Heink ap
peared for the first time In comic
opera. The production was a tri
umphant success. Mme. Schumann-
Heink has added yet another victory
to her errand opera and concert tri
umphs, gracing comic opera as roy
ally as she before did these. Of
course. One knew she would. One
•waits impatiently to hear her as thua.
It will interest locally the fact that
"Wallace Brownlow, late of the Tivoli.
heads the male cast and is very highly
commended. Another member of the
cast is Louise Gunning, whom some
will remember as a sweet-voiced Scot
tish lass, who sans and wore kilt3 a
few years ago at the Orpheum.
• • •
member both the fine performance
and large promise of the quartet, and
for those who did not the following
programme for Sunday afternoon. Oc
tober 30. will happily introduce the
players: String quartet. No. 12, Mo
zart; string quartets (a) "Andantino"
from Op. 1. first time (Svendsen), (b)
"Scherzo" Op. 6. first time (Corsanego);
piano quintet. Op. 5 (by request) (Sin
ding.)
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt will again be
the pianist.
-¦Wenzel Kopta's genial phiz pn the
front of a programme Is happy earnest
of whA is Inside, and there is one such
before me. *By it I see that this most
spirited of fiddlers gives a recital next
Sunday afternoon at Lyric Hall. Every
one will be glad to see Mr. Kopta at
work again, and 'the following Sunday
we shall hear him in company with
the others of the Koptai Quartet, whose
chamber music was so pleasant a fea
ture of last season. At his own recital
the violinist will be assisted by Miss
Maude Hohmann, soprano; and by
Gyula Ormay at the piano. Following
is the programme: Concerto for violin,
Op. 15 (Bazzini); violin solos— (a) "Ro
mance" Op. 50, F major (Beethoven),
(b) "Gavotte" (Becker), (c) "Slavish
Dance" from Op. 67 (Dvorak), (d) "Can
zonetta" from the "Concerto Op. 35"
(Tschaikowsky); song, "My Heart at
Thy Sweet Voice." from "Samson and
•Delilah" (Saint-Saens); Concerto for
violin Xo. 2, (a) adagio, (b) rondo la
campanella (Paganini); songs — (a)
"Summer" (Chaminade), (b) "Spring,"
with violin obligato (Weil): violin solo,
"Ballade et Polonaise de Concert"
(Vieuxtemps).
The constitution of the quartet is
the same this year as last. First
violin, Mr. Kopta; second violin,
John E. Joseph; viola, Charles
Heinsen; and 'cello, Adolph Lada.
Those who heard it last year will re-
Souea, the "march kingj" "monarch
of ragtime" and "prince of conductors,"
with his "royal band," will furnish most
of this week's music. Imperial prom
ise! There are to be twelve concerts,
beginning to-night, at the Alhambra
Theater. The cest follow with concerts
every afternoon and evening until Fri
day. There is nothing new to be said
about the Sousa band. All that needs
ma.ying is that It claims to be- all that
we haVe i before known it. In its own
genre the band is incomparable, tend in
his Mr. Sousa Is unique. Both are
warmly welcome and will doubtless be
heartily appreciated. As soloists Mr.
Sousa brings Miss Estelle Llebling, so
prano; Miss Jessie L. Straus, violinist,
and Herbert Clarke cornetlst.
"Hamlet" they chose, and "Hamlet,"
with Mr. Stevens. I went to see, just a
week after the university edition of the
play. There wasn't a textbook as far
as eye could reach and there was the
matinee girl and boy, for a large part
of the audience. It is to be owned it
was refreshing. They were there for
the play. Laughs, tears and sighs
greeted the .story. They were palpably
neither "too old nor too clever to enjoy
the action of the piece." and they were
entirely refreshing. The performance
was distinctly creditable. It did not
purport to be Shakespeare a la Bur
base, but plain, every-day, commer
cial Shakespeare, with a green-lit
ghost and more or- less convincing
And now the audience of "interested
villagers," otherwise Oaklanders, that
I had the happiness to see at another
"Hamlet" performance the week fol
lcwinj?. Incidentally I saw another
Hamlet that I had long: heard of. I
used to be an Oaklander myself, and it
was a cold week when one heard noth
ing of the "pride of the Dewey," Lan
ders Stevens. Particularly of his Ham
let one heard, and last week but one in
a. voting- contest at the Liberty play
house "Hamlet," with Mr. Stevens, was
chosen by overwhelming majority. The
same voting contests are a most inter
esting feature of the Liberty's manage
ment, by the way. Once a month for a
week the audiences are allowed to vote
upon a play to be produced, choice of
six or seven of the standard plays be
ing given. Here is the list from which
"Hamlet" was selected:
" 'Hamlet,' a tragedy of love and
madness: 'Macbeth.' a tragedy of wo
man's ambition: 'Othello.' a tragedy of
love and jealousy; 'King Lear,' a trag
edy of filial ingratitude; 'Richard III,'
the tyrant, murderer, lover, king; 'Jul
ius Caesar,' a tragedy of man's ambi
tion; 'Romeo and Juliet,' a tragedy of
love." *
It is. by the way, a subtle criticism
of the performance that there were
those able to give their eyes to the
book during its progress'.
As a pianist said when Lizst animad
verted on his playing: "But you did not
hear me. You went to sleep."
"That was my criticism," said Lizst.
read. Phrases were not paraphrased
merely, but parodied. Pauses waited
too often upon the prompter, not upon
sense. Emphasis fell where it would, not
where it should. Rhythm was tost,
thought obscured. And all this, be it
noted, occurred amid stretches of ex
quisite reading, at times inspired and
all but always distinctive. Most pal
pably and unpardonably it was the re
sult of hasty- and uncareful rehearsal,
and in the circumstances almost im
pertinent.
An* 'twere "Hamlet" "as when Bur
bage played" it with sweet Will as
the ghost. Mr. Greet has here too
faithfully played the imitator, like the
wise Oriental who put patches on the
new trousers because the old ones given
to him for pattern were patched. But
nay. Curtains they has not in Bur
bage's day, nor any of the gorgeous
obscuring trappings, but if I know my
poets, they had the word, the radiant
word, just upsprung from its glorious
soil. Otherwise one can well imagine
cracked crowns in their strenuous stage
direction.
And now here is what Mr. Lewis
thinks of us. He may be right. It is a
point of view and extremely Interest
ing. But, as I have before said, it
leaves one of the three thousand un
convinced. He says:
To fee the play camp three thousand people,
more or lets, the weakest part of the who'.s
spectacle. They were p'cple of the most un
doubted respectability, the fine flower of our
popiilation. well dressed, decorous and unre
sponsive. They were, many of them, fit rub
j^-cie for a clinic, for they were diseased to
th» soul of them. s=!ck with the maladies of
eelf-oonsciousness and pham culture. One could
Eee where the university had accomplished its
homicidal work and had ¦acceasfuUy murdered
the emotions. Too old and too clever to be
interetu-d !n the action cf the piece, too Ill
informed to care for its philosophy, they pored
over thtir miserable texts for all the world as
if they were listening to some instructor riv
ing- them points with regard to hls» opinion of
Profeesor Smith's opinion of the Herr Doctor
• Sauer's) opinion of the text of the third line
cf the second scene of the first act. as sug
gested by Professor PtumpfwaEser.
It wap a refreshing delight to hear a little
boy exclaim on the fall of the wicked Kins:.
"I am so glad." just as the interested vil
lasers in Shakespeare's England have done
many times, no doubt. Why on earth people
should fro and fit in the open air In order to
be provided with amupfment and possibly ln
nructlon (this for the benefit of the university,
for, of course, the main object in life Is that
we should be instructed) by a company of
players who have mad* 1 a special study of
th<?Ir art. should cloee their eyes to the ges
tures, their ears to the beautifully modulated
vcices. and sluing their graze to their text
book*, be gravely satisfied to discover* that
the actors did not know all their lines — all
this is Just so much mystery to the writer, and
cannot be accounted for on any rther ground*
than lack of artistic taste.
• • •
The scholastic nature of the produc
tion Is here deliberately outlined. Not
sls medium for a great player, nor at
this late day as a new "tragicall hls
torle." was the play offered. Mr. Greet
Tras not presented as a great Hamlet.
Humbly, even as with the Elizabethan
mummer, hie name, like the rest, was
programmed simply as "one of the
players." And eminentiy Mr. Greet's
sttitude toward his part was the schol
astic one. It was actually a reading
In costume, no more.
True, there was a large diversity of
jceal among: the players. Mr- Crawley
feemed to consider that he was there
To act and pave a notable Laertes, as
spirited in action as it was perfect in
letter. Mr?. Crawley, though she fre
quently sinned against the text, evoked
a charming illusion of Ophelia. And a
strange, unl<jye wizardry was that
cf the ghost. All of your "decorous
and unresponsive" audience that I
have seen. Mr. Lewis, own to the ab
surd chill that RTayed the morning
v.-iih the comirz of that sinister little
figure. Again, Mr. Shepherd's king was
laboriously melodramatic, and Mi«s
Heads queer, picturesque and emotion
ally ambitious, "Ordinary theatrical"
judjrment. too. would accept the Po
3<: rius as ably convincing on any stage,
and the first gravedigger. Maurice Rob
inson, as a delightful rurality.
• • •
Eut above all, if anything, as hereto
fore set forth, the ideal of the per
formance was a classic, textual pur
ity. The scenes usually omitted, one
rat for a Parsifalic length of perform
ance to see. The precious poetry, lost
in the hurried play going of to-day,
one here took the long leisure to hear.
And this, in the majesty of its
music. In the unparaphrasable wonder
Of its wording, I think was what we
"went forth to see."
The illuminate gesture one was of
course grateful for, the light of the
facial play. the Inspiration of the
lovely picture; but vitally, essen
tially, what we went for was the Word,
in all its glory of color, its wonder of
fC'ITO.
• • •
But this, perdie. was vitally, essen
tially, what we did not get. Acting:,
5n the proportion above set forth, was
ours and an incomparable picture.
Music of a rare and gracious sort,
the concent of lovely voices and an ex
quisite pronunciation and enunciation
lent also their charm. But the
phrase, alack and alas for it! It
•was neither according to Quarto the
First nor any other quarto: nor was it,
¦u ith sad frequency, according to any
known law of sound or «?ense. Words
•were dropped, added, misplaced, mis-
My friend Austin Lewis has been
falling afoul of the "Hamlet" audience
that gathered at Eerkeley a couple of
weeks ago. Even from far Oakland
the echo of his protest reacheth us. Mr.
Lewis has been saying things about' us
in the Oakland Enquirer which it be
hooves us, an' we may. to refute. •
"What went we out for to see.?" Mr.
Lewis asks. And there's the rub.
did the three thousand of us
that gathered in the Greek Theater for
Ben Greefs 'Hamlet" go to cee? What
were the righteous limits of our expec
tancy, and in how far did the perform
ance of Mr. Greet and his players sat
isfy them?
I have before quoted Professor Armes
on the subject, but here again is his
opinion of what we were to expect
from the Greet version of the play:
"Opposite 'Hamlet' in the repertoire
that Mr. Greet gave his advance agent
he wrote 'Universities only.' The rea
son, I suppose, was his appreciation of
the fact that only in a university com
munity could he find many who would
be interested in a serious attempt to
give the play as it was prepared for
the Etage by Shakespeare himself, and
In some such manner as it was acted
at Oxford and Cambridge during his
life time."
The programme also preluded: "The
present performance should not be
Judged as an ordinary theatrical per
formance. No rew readings will be at
tempted, the whole endeavor being to
five the play, with the scenes usually
emitted, in a primitive manner, as
rearly as possible like that in which it
tras produced just three hundred years
ago."
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
A Recent Painting by H. W. Hansen Which Has Attracted Much Attention |
PARIS, Oct. 15. — The prosecution
of the Marquis Casa Riera, alleged to
be the former butler of the old Mar
quis and to have substituted himself
for the real heir. Is exciting a sensa
tion in Paris equal to the Humbert
case. •"
The old Marquis died in IS 81. aged
91 years, leaving a fortune estimated
at $100,000,000. There were three ,
nephews, two of whom died shortly
after their uncle. The third supposed
nephew is the present Marquis.
During the suit a death certificate
was produced from his native place In
Spain showing that the third nephew
died in 1876, five years before his
uncle. Consequently it Is argued that
.the present Marquis la an Impostor.
Paris Excited Over Prosecution ot
Man Attempting to Get Hundred
.Million Dollar Fortune.
CLAIM THAT MARQUIS
IS 3IERELY A BUTLER
Wanderers from abroad tell of meet-
--£*?**& MERSON says that "sculn-
II . ture and painting have an
¥P . . effect to teach us manners
/iHaiUjj^y and to abolish hurry."
Strange we didn't th'nk of
that before — "to abolish
hurry." Now that which will touch
us to abolish hurry is in itself
a gift of the gods. As to the teaching
of manners, well— perhaps we Western
folk need that, too. But we're not suf
fering for it, exactly. We manage to
get on fairly well, unless a prince or a
president happen along, and we get a
little mixed on precedent. But these
are mere trifles. What we really must
learn is how to put on the brakes— to
slack up speed at Intervals that we may
grow to know the higher things of life.
And Emerson, the high priest of the art
of living, tells us how— get on speaking
terms with the arts of the ancients.
And, to do this, no pulling down of
the household gods— nor pulling up of
carpets— is needed, for everywhere in
the highways and byways of San Fran
cisco are scattered the workshops of
artists.
Out on the green hills of the Mission,
over on Telegraph Hill, along Mont
gomery street, the erstwhile habitat of
the "mudhen," are studios to be found
— and even under the sordid roof of
mercantilism are many, notably
Keith's, Cadenasso's, Latlmer's, Dlx
pn's, Nellson's, Piazzonl's, Hansen's and
many more equally Interesting.
Charles Dickman has been given the
commission of painting the scene of
the last revels of the happy Family
Club, i These domestic gambolings took
On Friday H. W. Hansen gav*e a pri
vate view of his water colors to his
friends^ and lovers of the beautiful in
art. The pictures are hung at Schus
sler's,.showing Bome of the most 're
markable work Hansen has ever
done — rather a broad statement' for so
virile an artist whose palette is never
dry— but 'tis true. ;V .
As a portrayer of horses of the mus
tang type Hansen is said to have few
superiors In the United States, and
those there are who says he has none.
The pictures will be on exhibition for a
week, to \W soon followed by a view of
Grace Hudson's Indian studies.
• •."..'¦-.'•
On Tuesday night in the Sequoia
Club rooms, at the St. Francis, May
nard Dixon will show what he's been
doing these summer months. His pic
tures will hang from the greenroom
walls until Saturday night, when the
club members and their friends will
have ample opportunity to note the
cleverness of the California-bred lad.
Mr. Dixon and Mr. Martinez go to
Mexico soon after the Sequoia Club ex
hibit.
ing Robert C. Aitken in Paris, where he
is strolling about leisurely and. luxuri
ously, making estimates of the works of
the masters. To all he courageously
declares that he is not overawed in the
least, which brings up the old, old
story — "Is individuality neutralized by
intimacy with.Jhe masters?"
¦ To-morrow and Tuesday Madame B.
de Areales and Madame I. de Junosza,
two charming women fresh from the
ateliers of Paris, will exhibit at the
Philomath Club rooms, on Van Ness
avenue and Bush street, a most ambi
tious collection of their work, including
oils, water colors, pastels and tapes
tries. Among the works of Madame de
Areales are three copies of Velasquez —
"Infanto Baltasar Carlos," "Las Menl
nas" and "Las Hilanderas" (the
Ada Romer-Shawhan will exhibit"
some red chalk drawings at Kennedy's
at an early date.
A coterie of Californians Just back
from the fair, who worship at the
shrine of Keith, are full of wrath at
the cold reception given the seven
Keith canvases sent on to the art gal
lery. Inquiry set afoot in St. Louis
brought to light the alleged reason of
their rejection — "too much Innes," said
they who ought to know. Speaking of
the poet-artist, he has Just completed
a large forest picture of marvelous col
oring.
Francis McComas has brought back
with him from old Spain some twenty
five canvases,** all breathing the breath
of the land of the Don. Possibly these
will be seen at the usual fall exhibition
at the Bohemian Club. Roaming with
him over the moonlit gardens of old
Madrid was Dr. Arnold Genthe, who,
too, was intent upon his art.
place in the primeval forests that
fringe Mount Shasta. On his return he
will open a studio in town.
Artists, Their Work and Coming Exhibitions
The Xlsbet collection of water colors
at Vickery's has drawn thither every
lover of the lochs and moors and hi!b»
of "auld Scotland." An acknowledged
master of his art, Nisbet is a Scot at
heart. His skies are Scotch, so are his
lowering clouds and his fisher pictures.
tapestry weavers). She also shows
rome fine copies of Millet.
• • ¦ • .
Childe Hassan, the famous sunlight
painter, is visiting hereabouts. It is
hoped that he may be persuaded to ex
hibit some of his work in San Fran
• ' • •
— By Laura Bride Powers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1904.
19
BTT IETjASJCHE X»AJCT&N<VTQNPARIS, Oct. 13. — Under the auspices
of the Aero Club of France M. Henri
Defesch and Ernest Archdeacon have
founded a grand prize of $10,000 to be
awarded the first aerial appliance
floated by gas lighter than air which
•will make the return trip .at least two
thirds of a mile without touching
ground."
Prize for Airship Makers.
PARIS, Oct. 15.— Eleanora Duse has
just signed a contract with M. Porel
to produce five plays at the Vaudeville
Theater in January. One of. her plays
will be Gabrlelle d'Annunzlo's "La GI
oconda." Samuel, manager , of the Va
rieties", has decided in connection with
the qpenlng to reduce the prices of
seats for the first French operette sea
son. Orchestra stalls, balcony boxes
and baignoires will be $2 instead of
$2 40, while no extra charge will be
n:ade for booking seats in advance.
Celebrated Actress Sisns a- Contract
to Appear in French Capital
v In January.
.Mr... and,. Mrs. Oscar. Beatty .have
taken up permanent residence in .their
hotne.at W.Qodside. The charms of the
country have ,\ypaed them. . . from the
Mrs. Jack Tallant and Miss Elsie Tal
lant are installed in a most attractive
flat on Green street for the winter. The
outdoor life at San Rafael has had a
most becoming effect upon Miss Tal
lant, who still bears the tinge of tan..
• • •
Of the merry party who sailed to Ta
hiti On pleasure bent thi3 summer Bert
Travers ¦ Is 1 away again, this time in
Southern California.
stopping also at Baltimore to be the
guest of Lieutenant and Mrs. Guy
Scott. Captain Young will undoubtedly
return to San Francisco before holiday
time, and then he will claim his fair
bride. It is still unsettled where their
home will be, as Captain Young's sta
tion has not been assigned. With Cali
fornlan loyalty, Miss Voorhles Is hop-
Ing the new nest will not be far afield
and she is not alone in her wish.
DT7SE WfLL. PRESENT
. V: FIVE PLAYS IN PARIS
Three of the Popular
Favorites in Local
Society.
"I am referring to some of my best
customers, who a few years ago would
never have entertained such an idea.
Often enough clothes are quite past
repair and we are obliged to point this
out to clients. Formerly in such cases
the order was to send them to the
church army. Now my customers
ask me to send them back. "What they
do with them is a mystery."
"In all my long experience," said a
West End tailor, "I never have known
such pressure in the repair and ren
ovation line. Society is short of
money. Ordinary business is slack,
but we are inundated with repair or
ders. Coats are sent to be rellned, re
silked, cleaned and pressed. Trousers
have to be turned inside out and
sometimes reseated.
LONDON. Oct. 15. — A great deal
has been said and written of late
about hard times and the tightness of
money. During the last week official
returns have shown a falling off in the
consumption ' of . expensive French
wines and brandies and this has been
attributed to a lack of ready cash
among classes which hitherto inr
dulged in such luxuries. Such facts,
however, pale into insignificance be
fore the revelation of sartorial trage
dies which hard times are causing in
the smart set.
Tailor Reports That Best Customers
Are Now Wearing Patched and
Mended Garments.
"It was *„ with /rare pleasure that' the
Huntington maids returned ; to their
lovely Jackson street home after wan
dering far afield. Miss Marlon, last
year's debutante, will probably go out
this winter rather extensively. Rather
fonder of social life is she than Miss
Elizabeth. And by the way, what a
striking resemblance Miss Elizabeth
Mills bears to Miss Elizabeth Hunting
ton—enough to be twins. • -, i
;". : ; &y*{$y&yi * USiftAwi
gj Captain Hald|mand 1> Pu.toam w Young
lias gone East' temporarily.^ While there
he will' visit ' h'iy mo'tiier 1o" s Boston,
One of the handsomest young ma
trons in .the smart set is Mrs. Thomas
Porter Bishop, who last week was
hostess at - a characteristic dinner-
Each guest was sworn to secrecy. as
to garb— and what think you— they ac
tually kept the secret! '
.'Tis whispered that an oil company
is • about to ' plant its ugly foot right
on the lovely shores of Monterey, just
where the artists love to roam. And
not far, by the way, from where the
"Hacienda." stands on the wave- washed
•bluff. That won't be pleasant news for
the Murrays, who have bought the
place for a home:
Monterey is. calling not only to the
artist folk : but to every lover of na
ture. The fruit' trees in the Pajaro
Valley are. now in full blossom and the
hills throilgh to Monterey -are 'green
with the first peep o' spring— spring, in
October.' The golf links 'at Del Monte
are covered with the prettiest kind of
carpet, much to the jdellght of the golf
cianks, who never leave it save at me^l
times. •, ,
Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs has put up
the shutters on Rosecliffe and gone
back to New York.
•A * *
Mrs. Ben Ali Haggin has taken
apartments at the Madison Square,
New York, where she will do some en
tertaining during the winter. The Hag
gin clan is always interesting to Cali
fornlans, who cherish fond memories
of the good old days when. Jthe, family,
resided here.
Mr. and Mrs. Emil Bruguiere are
charmingly located in Gotham.
own attractive personality. And, then,
of course, she carried some good let
ters, and knew some good people, no
tably handsome Dorothy Giddings—
not to forget Princess Alice, who, with
the single exception of Countess Cas
sini, is the most unconventional girl in
Washington's smart set.
Miss Christine Pomeroy is expected
to return to her native heath by the
coming of ; November. A merry; time
this clever : debutante" has [had in the
East—a .merry time compelled by her
Of course, the wedding of Miss Kath
erlne May Dillon Is quite the. towering
event of November, following closely
on the marriage of lovely Miss Russell
and Clement Tobin, which is set for
the 29th of this month. #
• * •
The Fore-Hewlett wedding on Satur
day next promises much in the, way
of beau*y, for where would one find a
handsomer bride? And her sister, Pau
line — quite as fair as the bride — will
serve as maid of honor, while Miss
Natalie Fore, MissChrissie Taft, Miss
Gertrude Allen, Miss Ethel Valentine,
Miss Grace Baldwin and Miss Edith
Gasklll will precede the bride. Several
hundred cards have been sent out for
the ceremony, which will be followed
by a reception at the home of Mr! and
Mrs. Charles W. Fore, on Franklin
street, to which about 160 guests will
be invited.. " *.' "
« • •
Oo Thursday evening the Concordia
Club will be glad with nuptial, glee,
for on that night will Miss Rose' New
man, daughter of Slmoft Newman, the
president of the club, become the bride
of Max Blum.' It is said that the ap
pointments for the wedding will sur
pass any affair ever given in the club
house.
General Constant Williams has gone
to Vancouver Barracks, whither Mrs.
Williams, who Is now at the Nordhoff
with her daughter, will soon follow.
Next Tuesday will bring the nuptials
of Miss Emily Brice Adams, daughter
of Rev. George C. and Mrs. Adams,
and Henry Chepver Bowman. The. ser
vice will be held at 10 a. m. in the
First Congregational Church, the
father of the bride officiating.
Even in peaceful Alameda the wed
ding bells^are jstirrlng the air. Yester
day Miss "Isabella Hooper became the
bride of Wlgginton Creed, the cere
mony taking place quietly at the home
of the bride's parents.
On Friday afternoon Miss Elsie Dorr
entertained at a tea in honor of Miss
Katherine Selfridge, whose wedding
takes place on the 18th. Miss Dorr will
serve Miss Selfridge at her marriage,
as will Miss Elizabeth Cole.
Harvey, Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson,
Mrs. Robert Nuttall, Mrs. Chauncey R.
Winslow, Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels and
Mrs. Dixwell Hewitt.
LONDON* SOCIETY SHOWS ;.-
SIGNS OF BEING HARD TIP
The summer ' ramblers are slowly
coming to their winter homes. Mr.
and Mrs. Clinton Jones will be found
this winter at the Colonial, after a
summer in .Ross. .-Mrs. T. e**V>n
Ness, with her two daughters, Mrs. de
Ruyter and Mls3 Daisy Van Ness, has
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Carolan will en
tertain Mrs. Paul Clagstone this win
ter at their Burlingame home.
Dr. George Shi els is about to desert
San Francisco for New York.
Mrs. John I. Sabin, now in New York,
will be home in a few weeks.
• :-: . • •
The home coming of Miss Azalea
Keyes and Miss Mollie Dutton Is one
of rejoicing. They have toured Europe
and have absorbed much that's worth
while. Now the season of gayety
awaits them. r -? :; -V
• :-.?• ••
The coming tea to be given by Mrs.
Charles Stetson Wheeler and Miss El
sie Marsh on October 22 is making a
flutter of excitement among the smart
set. The Wheelers are noted for their
hospitality and, the' affair will serve as
a housewarming of the beautiful hew
residence on Washington and Spruce
streets.
A tea was given on Wednesday after
noon by the Misses Draper at their
home, 1944 California street. Assisting
them were: Mrs. F. . G. Montealegre,
Miss Montealegre, Miss , Helen de
Young, Miss Constance de Young and
Miss Emily Pitchford of Johannesburg,
South Africa. The decorations bore the
tint of autumn, lending much attract
iveness to the bevy of bright young
Mr. and Mrs. George R. Shreve -are
back in town after a summer spent in
their San Mateo home.
Even though we lose, from time to
time, some of our fair maids, who are
lured by Cupid's wiles into foreign re
gions, the home-coming for a visit to
loved ones brings its keen pleasures.
Now it is Mrs. Arthur Callaghan, for
merly Edna Van Wyck, who has come
from her home in Salt Lake to visit her
parents. Her stay will be marked by
many society offerings.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. James Follis are among
the week's travelers whose Mecca is
St. Louis. They, too, have been tast
ing the sweets of a perfect summer in
the country, and now will plunge into
the excitement of sight-seeing. During
their absence the small son of the
household will be left in the care of
his great-grandmother, Mrs. May
nard.
city's roar, and although Mr. Beatty
will make the transit each day to busi
ness, the trip is - not tiring and the
Woodside home is filled with artistic
comfort.
Quite the largest affair of the week
was the luncheon given by Mrs. Wil
liam G. Irwin on Washington street,
Mrs. Richard Ivers of Honolulu being
the guest of honor. The guests at the
affair were: Mrs. Ivers, Mrs. William
Hinckley Taylor, Mrs. Robert Oxnard,
Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs. R. Schwerin,
'Mrs.; Hyde T fiUnUb.: Mrs. William S.
¦ r Tevi»,air£,' Frederick Kohl, Mrs. Rich
ard'"ivert Jr.,- Mrs.. Samuel Boardman,
Mrs. Norfls Davis, Mrs. J. Downey
• Among those seated about the roams
were Miss Elsie Tallant, Miss Mary
Connell. Miss Helen Bally, Miss Ardella
Mills., Mies Sara Collier, Miss Dorothy
XTollier, Ccmrtenay Bennett, H. M. Cou
cel, Paul Kosakevitch, Sherril Schell,
Morgan de Ruyter,- Arthur. Tashelra,
Honore Minton and Eric Bourne, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H> Mills, Mrs. Frederick
Tallant, . Mrs. Ralph Harrison, Mrs.
Jobn Swift, Mr. and Mrs, William L.
Spencer, Mr. and Mrs. Norrls Davis,
Miss Ida Gibbons, Miss Marjorie Gib
"bons. Miss Pearl Landers, air. and Mrs.
Fairfax H. Wheelan.) Miss Katherlne
Hittell and William Greer Harrison.
An interesting • affair was that
Browning night at Century H"all, with
Mrs. Frank Oulton presiding. During
the rendering of the play, which by
the way was excellently done by Mrs.
Max Sloss, Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones
and Lloyd Lowndes, some irreverent
souls In the reception-room swept
hither .and thither with taffeta ac
companiments, to the total destruc
tion of some strong situations.
Over in Berkeley on the same event
ful Wednesday Miss Anne Maxwell
Miller became the bride of Paymaster
George Brown Jr.. U. S. N. Among the
guests who gathered to do honor to the
young folk whose lives were pledged
each to the other were Captain and
Mrs. Benjamin F. Tilley, Mies Edlyn
Tilley. Ben Tilley. Commodore and Mrs.
C. B. T. Moore. Miss Marie English of
Vallejo. Naval Constructor and Mrs.
F. B. Zahm, Mrs. Howard McCrea, Mrs.
Hall, Miss Courtney Collins, Miss Caro
line McDougal, Captain Thomas H.
Phelps, Mrs. Bacon,* Miss Alice Bacon,
Miss Marian Brooke, Commodore and
Mrs. F. H. Holmes, Howard McCrea,
Mrs. Richard Cutts, Dr." Waggener,
Chaplain and Mrs. McAllister, Miss Wil
liamson and Dr. and Mrs. Charles Bagg.
Among the guests Miss Alice Bacon
was much sought "after. Her ertgage
ment to Thomas Driscoll has suddenly
brought a fascinating' little maid Into
the limelight. It is said that Mrs. Dris
coll is' greatly attracted to her prospec
tive young daughter-in-law.
* • •
In the evening came the Chase-Don
aldson wedding, at the home of the
bride, and the Musto-Adam nuptials at
Sacred Heart Church, both of which
were exquisite in detail — yes, and bon
ny brides there were, too, at the nuptial
feasts.
forty guests went over to the ceremony.
bum into bloem, caressed by the early
eun, whose perfume filled the air with
incense Within this petting an altar
was reared, with candles and;. flowers
and feathery ferns, and here were the
vows plighted. From this. Bide about
fcome sort of marriage service in
the dark . days before the com
ing .of the -prophet of Bayreuth. To
what, then, did the oncoming bride
march to. the altar? That poor "Lohen
grin" march has been frayed and frav
~led and frizzied until th<* vitality has
r.r ; :s ago gone trom it. And it's bo
funereal. Could anything be saddeF.
sorrier, than to see four solemn, black
<~uated young men advancing with
measured tread and ryes fixed while
the lugubrious "Lohengrin" fills' the
church like a dirge? I sometimes won>
der the principals don't turn to and
run to cover. At best 'tis ominous.
Who can say that such doleful music
doesn't cast a snell over happiness?
Can't some one suggest something?
• * v *
There waa the Flelshhacker-Gerstle
•wodding in San Rafael on Wednesday,
than w hich no prettier ever joined two
leves together. Never was fairer day.
never were lawns greener nor hedges
sweeter. Thousands of blossoms had
"How white are the fair robes of
charity, as she walketh amid the lowly
habitations of the poor!"
The Wattereons refuse to admit evi
dence of charity in the hearts or heads
of smart set women. "Every once in a
while," as Fra Elbertus measures time,
the country is treated to a tirade on
her scant charities, or her lack of them
— which is especially pleasing to the
social anarchist. At the recent charity
festival given at Harbor Hill by Mrs.
Clarence Mackay, when she turned hsr
mansion over to the bucolic country
side, it was cried out from the house
tops that it was not charity that
prompted the proffer of the house, but
the supreme pride of its mistress. And
thus do such attacks go abroad, but
with apparently little harm. The char
ities go on in their own silent way.
To be sure, the West is proverbially
open-handed and big-hearted, but It is
eaid on the authority of statistics that
San Francisco ranks all other cities of
its size in the United States in its phil
anthropies. Now, that's nice of San
Francisco, isn't it? And distinctly nice
and worthy of the smart set maids and
matrons who are lying awake o" nights,
trying to plan out another year for
their pet charities. There's that year
old Maternity Hospital down on Eighth
street, where such humane work has
been done since its inception. It was
for that charity that a few hundred
women foregathered in Century Hall on
Thursday afternoon and played euchre
at a dollar per play. Now that was a
pleasant way of helping in a good
cause.
Then, there's the San Francisco
Branch of the Needlework Guild,
guided by the soft hands of women of
leisure, who succeeded last year in
gathering together 80,000 new garments,
to be distributed among the poor at
Thanksgiving time. New garments,
friends— none of your crumpled chif
fons or antediluvian matinee and ball
gowns, but fresh, new. comfortable
clothing:. That's philanthropy in its
kindliest guis-e. And they are ninv pre
paring to repeat last year's beneficence.
Then there was the concert given on
Friday night at the St. Francis by
Mad&me Francisca. engineered by a
coterie of busy patronesses, every one
of whom worked with a will— for it was
to replenish the feeble treasuries of the
Maternity Hospital and- the Foundling
Home tlfat the fair songstress sang.
And thu? it is that not a week goes by
when winter time has drawn near that
doesn't -bring its quota of love labor.
And blessings on her, the smart set
maid — or b*> she matron — who thus giv
*th cheerfully of her time and her not
overabundant pin-money!
* * *
The week was redolent of orange
blossoms, "l-olunfrrhi." wcJdine pres
ents and perhaps e.7.-:han?res. But why
cU-mally. •'Loher.srin"? What did the
world <lo b"f(<iv Wagnrr inverted
it? Surely there must have been
PARIS, Oct. 15. — The outskirts of
the Bois de Boulogne are to be em
bellished by still another princely
mansion, George A. Kessler of New
York having received from the heirs
of Mr. Berrus the title deeds to a site
in the Avenue Raphael, which faces
La Muette. For some months past
Kessler . has been negotiating for the
purchase of this property, which cov
ers a superficial area of 3600 meters
and which runs through from the av
enue named to the Boulevard Suchet.
On the right hand is the mansion
of Prince Scipion Borghese, while on
the left are the villas belonging to the
Baron de Forest and Madame Pillon.
"Rus in urbe" fitly describes thej site.
because once, within the grounds one
Is in the country, while a ten ml routes*
automobile drive lands one in the
heart of the city.
The house as It now stands Is a
handsome residence, but it will be
pulled down to make way for a more
niodern dwelling.
Architect Sanson, who now is old
and virtually had retired 'on well
earned laurels, -when he was ap
proached concerning designs for the
Kessler residence at first refused, but
upon becoming aware that the Ameri
can proposed expending on the prop
erty some $1,000,000, the purchase of
the site included, he acquiesced, and
intends this to be his crowning work.
George A. Kessler of New York to
Erect a Mansion in the
Snburbs of Paris.
A3IERICAX TO BUILD 3ULUON'-
DOIXAK HOUSE IX FRANCE
Colonel T. Wain-Morgan Draper will
give a dance in the jinks room of the
Bohemian Club in honor of his daugh
ter, Miss Draper, on Tuesday even
ing, November 1. This occasion marks
the formal introduction of Miss Dra
per Into society, and preceding the
dance a dinner will be given in the red
room, to which twenty guests will be
bidden.
turned homeward, too, from St. Helena,
where their country home has afford
ed them all the pleasure and rest need
ful after the winter's festive demands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAV, OCTOBER 10, ISO?.
SMART SET
AS
GOOD
SAMARITANS
20The members of , George H. Thomas
Circle, Ladies of the Grand Army, will
hold a whist tournament in Elks' Hall
next Saturday night to aid their fund
for the relief of . old soldiers of the
civil war and widows and, orphans of
war .veteran*. Those .who have, a
kindly feeling for the men who pre
served the union and their, dependents
will have an opportunity to pass a
pleasant evening, and at the same time
assist a worthy cause.
George H. Thomas Circle.
Young— Come, now. own up; don't
iu find It a little harder to get around
an you did five or ten years ago?
Elder — Not a bit, I assure you I. have
noticed, however, that they make stai
steeper than they used to, but that,
course, Is another matter.— Bost*
Transcript.
battalion adjutant and in relieving the
officer the commanding officer express
ed his appreciation of the able manner
in which he discharged the duty as
signed to him.
Non-commis3ioned officers* schools
will be held at the battalion armory
Octcber 20, November 10 and Decem
ber 1.
MANY APPOINTMENTS.
Sergeant Gus Ohlson has been ap
pointed quartermaster sergeant of Bat
tery A, vice Bernard Gordon, returned
to the ranks. Private Albert Edward
Anderson has been appointed mechanic
for Battery B. At their own request
Musician James H. Lewis has been re
turned to the rank of a private and
Privates William Finlay and Guy Gra
ham to be musicians. Privates Arthur
Wicks, Cecil Cephas Cllne and Stanley
Augu3tine Nuttall Sullivan of the band
have been appointed sergeants and
Privates Louis Edward Spadina, Ed
win Calvin Weister and Charles Emil
Werner to be corporals. Private Geb
hard Warner has been appointed ser
geant of Battery A and Privates
Charles St. Clair Cleveland, Edward
Rudolph Sablatschan, Paul Andrew
Schwab and John MHledge of the same
command to be corporals. Private
Louis John Reubc-Id has been appointed
sergeant of Battery D.
Since August 6 twenty-four enlisted
men have been discharged fpom the ar
tillery, fifteen at expiration of term,
six on account of removal and three
for good of the service.
Colonel Pitcher, commanding the
Twenty-eighth United States Infantry,
has extended an- invitation to the offi
cers of the First Battalion Artillery, N.
G. C, to witness the guard mount of
that regiment this morning.
There was an exciting election in
Company A, Fifth Infantry, for second
lieutenant. The candidates were Lieu
tenant Poulterer, term expired, and
Corporal Peter Windlan and the latter
was elected by a vote of 34 to 20. The
new officer is bookkeeper in a large
commercial house in this city and for
five years has been a member of the
company.
Captain Bush and Lieutenant Gunn
of Company H, Fifth Infantry, having
at expiration of term refused to be
candidates for re-election, Gilbert A.
Wright was elected captain and George
C. Gardner I first lieutenant.
First Lieutenant C. F. Knerr, Battery
B, First Battalion Artillery, has been
relieved from further duty as acting
and Arthur Leon Healey to be second
lieutenant of the same company, vice
Hill, promoted. A certificate of re
election has been issued to John Alex
ander Devlin, Company C, same regi
ment.
Simon Wolf of Washington, D. C,
grand president of the Constitution
Grand Lodge of the Independent Or
der of B'nai B'rith. will pay the lodges
of this ci$y a visit, arriving here next
Thursday. He will later visit Port
land, Ore., in the interest of the or
ganization. While in this city he will,
on October 21, deliver the Sabbath eve
address during service in the Temple
Emanu-El; the following night he will
be the guest of honor at a banquet to
be served In one of the leading hotels
and on the Monday following a public
reception will be given him in Lyric
Hall.
Grand President Coming.
Teachers Hold Meeting.
The Manual Training: and Drawing
Ttachers* Association held an enthusi
astic meeting at the United Arts and
Crafts building yesterday. Drawings
made in the public schools of Massa
chusetts were exhibited. Dr» David S.
Sneddon of Stanford University deliv
ered an interesting address. At the
noon hour the meeting was temporari
ly adjourned and a basket lunch was
enjoyed.
"Did your son play on any of the col
lege athletic teams?"
"No. but he graduated with honors."
"Well, of course, that's something."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
The target practice season has been
extended to December 31. Such prac
tice will be taken up by those organiza
tions that have approved ranges. While
those organizations that can will im
mediately proceed to . carry out the
provisions of the orders relative to tar
get practice, those that are unable to
complete the entire course as pre
scribed on account of lack of proper
range facilities will complete such por
tion as may be possible. Those or
ganizations that are unable to secure
any ranges whatever are to report that
fact to the adjutant general. In view
of this, many of the organizations will
not make a record for 1904. A peculiar
feature, say those' who are, up on tar
get practice, is that the order makes
no mention of section C of the firing
regulations under which the guard
shoots, but mentions two other sec
tions for guidance under which the
guard does not shoot.
Charles Evander Hill has been com
missioned captain of Company B, Sixth
Infantry, vice Newell, term expired,
The attention of all officers is also
called to the rules and regulations rela
tive to applications for and ordering of
elections in view of the fact that there
have been many instances In the past
in which an election has been ordered
after the term of an officer had ex
pired. "This," says the adjutant gen
eral, "must be continued and an elec
tions must be ordered as provided for
by law."
Many of the officers of the guard not
having provided themselves with prop
er uniforms as required by general or
ders issued in 1903, commanding offi
cers have been notified that they will
be held responsible for the non-com
pliance by officers under them to pro
cure the uniforms prescribed. !
¦All the officers of the guard who fail
ed to participate In the maneuvers at
Atascadero have been notified that they
must furnish an excuse through the
proper channels to the superior office
for their absence.
TARGET PRACTICE.
The attention of all examining boards
of the National Guard and of the Naval
Militia is called to the necessity of
closer scrutiny of officers elected or ap
pointed and whose qualifications should
be determined before they are recom
mended for a commission.
Careful inquiry will be made as to the
private life and occupation of each
candidate appearing for examination
In order to ascertain if his position in
private life will warrant his acceptance
of a commission in the National Guard
or Naval Militia and the proper per
formance of the duties incident thereto.
Particular inquiry must be made as to
the occupation in which the candidate
is engaged, which must be correctly
stated in the report of the board. It is
a common occurrence for an officer
after accepting a commission to offer
as an excuse for an utter failure prop
erly to perform the duties devolving
upon him the nature or demands of his
business. In the case of a busy man ac
cepting a commission something of a
hardship and self-sacrifice 1b neces
sarily entailed in the right perform
ance of his duties, and unless he feels
that he can give the time and atten
tion that those duties demand he should
not accept the commission. The opin
ion of the board as to the physical,
moral and professional qualifications of
candidates must also be stated. More
attention must also be given to the
qualifications of candidates in seden
tary duties, it being apparent that
many officers are woefully lacking in
their knowledge of this very important
part of an officer's education. Atten
tion is further directed to the Import
ance of making examinations more
thorough and rigid. In some instances
it would seem as if the meetings of ex
amining boards had been merely for
mal and the conducting of the'exam
ination perfunctory. Whenever for any
cause the board finds a candidate dis
qualified for a commission a full state
ment of the case must be made. A full
compliance with the above directions
will be insisted on.
DEL.AYS ELECTIONS.
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck in or
ders expresses the thanks of the com
mander in chief to every officer and
enlisted man of the National Guard of
California who participated in the joint
maneuvers at Camp Atascadero for
their zealous efforts in making the en
campment an unqualified success from
every point of view. The adjutant gen
eral says: 'The general interest and
efficiency shown, together with the dis
cipline and conduct of the men, merit
the highest praise. The work was well
accomplished and of infinite value to
the State troops, and they are to be
congratulated for the excellent show
ing made by them at the encampment."
Colonel Thomas Wilhelm, inspector
general of ritJe practice on the staff of
the commander in chief, has been de
tailed as a member of the board to
formulate proposed amendments to the
present military laws of the State, vice
Bangham, deceased.
The adjutant general is not sparing
in his language on the subject of what
he deems errors in the guard: "Atten
tion is called to the frequency and
persistence with which the subject
matter of orders is overlooked or ig
nored by those concerned, thereby
causing this office needless labor and
often thwarting the efforts of superior
headquarters to introduce measures of
benefit to the guard. All orders musf
be carefully read immediately upon re
ceipt, and the provisions contained
therein must be complied with at the
earliest possible moment. If an officer
has not the time or inclination to read
and comply with orders or directions
from superior authority, he is not a
good officer and is not doing his duty,
and it is not to the best interests of the
State to have such officer in the Na
tional Guard."
SCRUTINIZE OFFICERS.
The contempt proceedings against
Broker T. A. Rigdon were again taken
up and Judge Murasky made another
important ruling, holding that rule six
adopted by the Superior Court Judges
Lt null and void because it conflicts
with the statutes. The rule provides
that an order to show cause may be
deemed a notice of motion and au
thorizes contrary affidavits in con
tempt cases. In upholding the statute
as against the rule the court refused
to admit affidavits of Anna Sides
and David Wasserman of Chicago,
tonding to exculpate Rigdon. Mr.
Shortridge, however, got them before
the court by attaching them to Rig
don's answer as an amendment. A
continuance of the case until Novem
ber 15 was then granted to permit the
taking of the depositions of the Chi
cago witnesses. Objections to the con
tinuance were made by Foshay Walk
er, representing the Southern Pacific,
who also took an exception to the
partial dissolution of the injunction.
The roada Joining the Southern Pa
cific in the action against the brokers
were the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company, the Oregon Short Line,
the Union Pacific, the Chicago, Bur
lington anfl Quincy, the Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific and the Northern
Pacific. On August 18 they secured an
injunction prohibiting the brokers
from dealing in the Knights Templar
and Odd Fellows excursion tickets.
Samuel Shortridge, attorney for the
brokers, yesterday moved that the in
junction be dissolved, his principal
ground being the failure of the com
panies to comply with the act of
March 8, 1901. Judge Murasky grant
ed the motion as to the two roads but
not as to the others for the reason
stated, holding that while the por
tion of the act imposing a $500 fine
for Its violation was unconstitutional,
enough remained to make an opera
tive law. The result will be that the
scalpers will sell portions of tickets
over the Burlington and Rock-Isl
and lines until they can bring the
other roads under the ruling or un
til the roads file -their articles of in
corporation, which will mean the pay
ment of many thousands of dollars
into the S^kte Treasury. Mr. Short
ridge contended that another law had
been violated in that none of the roads
had filed their articles with the Coun
ty Clerk, but the Judge did not take
cognizance of it.
The Southern Pacific and the other
connecting lines named as co-plalntiffs
in the suit against Ottinger and "others
might have been involved In the rul
ing had the Judge not held that evi
dence had not been produced show
ing their failure to comply with the
law. The evidence against the two
roads named was in the form of an
affidavit of J. Hoesch of the Secretary
of State's office, who stated that their
articles were not on file.
By a ruling 1 of Judge Musrasky yes
terday njornlng in the ticket brokers'
case, two big railroad corporations are
debarred from maintaining legal or
equity actions in the courts of Califor
nia until they comply with the law
requiring them to file copies o'f their
articles of incorporation with the Sec
retary of State. The Burlington and
Rock Island systems are affected by
the decision and ticket scalpers will be
permitted to deal in tickets over their
lines.
Many Organizations Will
Not Make Showing in This
Year's Shooting at Targets
Kock Island and Burling
ton Companies Have Vio
lated California Statute
MUST FILE ARTICLES
OFFICERS MUST DO DUTY
Adjutant General Praises
Men for the Maneuvers at
Joint Camp at Atascadero
Injunction Against Ticket
Brokers Partial ly Dis
solved by Judge Murasky
GUARD THANKED,
ALSO CENSURED
TWO RAILROADS
OUT OF COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1C, 1904.
21
i. Ai>vigrris^^iFyTs.
B (Bjscoan rc,oos)
ARE SHOWING A FULL LINE
' OF NEW FALL AND WINTER
I© © ivllw & ii 5 ivvv © 9
In all the Fashionable and Season-
able Materials; also a complete as-
sortment* of French and American
! • —————— __^—_ — ___^__
Striped Siik Petticoats
Of extra heavy shot taffeta, value (£A 7c
I $12.?0 and $l'3.>0. Special $7«id
Fine Flannel Waists
In white, black, navy, brown, tan fl*2 yc
and green. Special «p3«£e)
Shot Silk Petticoats
I In fancy weaves, new and attractive fl**7 JTA
shadings. Value $10.50. Special. .. .tPltd"
Persian Stripe Waists
Of flinnel, also fancy weaves in late C* k AA
color combinations: value $5. Special «Pt"ov"
Wrappers and SIS Kimonos
i Regularly $13. SO $1750 $22)0 $37. JO
Reduced to $7.75 SI 0.00 $13.50 $25.00
Knitted Golf Vests
¦ And Knitted Jackets with half *T»| /*p» q>4 r\m
j -Ieeves; regularly 52.25, S2.50 and !K|/J\ !K| A-H
I ?3.Q0. Reduced to . ..... . <P*«&*Jj tyUUV
J Cor.Post s Kearny Sts^
ADVEUTISEMEXTS.
-_ , _^ Corrected by
jlabby tissues
and muscles, corrects, stimulates and
strengthens Contractions — thus the
flabby, wrinkled face of to-day under-
goes a gradual cure, without pain,
and is commended to all ladies seek-
ing a perfect skin.
FREE TREATMENT
For one week I will give free treatment
at my parlors for Wrinklei, Gray Hair,
. Pimples, Blackheads, Freckles, etc Come
and eee what 1 can do for you. I have thn
largest Derniatological Institute In Amer-
ica, and It* resources are free to you this
week toi chow you what I can do.
WHY BE CRAY
To all who purchase a bottle of Mrs.
Nettle Harrison's 4-day Hair Restorer, a
treatment will be given FREE. One treat-
ment is sufficient to give the hair its nat-
ural color. •
LADIES out of town send this ad. and
receive a book of Instructions and a box
of Ix>la Montes Creme and Ftce Powder.
FREE.> r ;
Mrs, Nettie Harrison
DERMATOIiOQIST.
140 Geary St., Opp. City. of Parity. ¦
.. __, But [Tmndmee.
___;__; __; NEWMAN & LEViySOy. .
Mailorders /o^J -^ Ladies'
Our Mail Order I \ j^ - tT^ t^ • Cashmere Hose
Department affords *v*-«^. A^. _._. «.•. ...» ~~. C -^ In all black, gray
out-of-town buyers ((\1 VA0 [ f yVV\ Pi (VV njnh w OYu (W rvC\Y\ and oxford '• also
the shopping ad- \Vf \\WV\Q W™" IXAJ V£ ItJW V&o Hack with S rav
vantages enjoyed ; ¦-, . - soles — made of '
by 'wlC" 5 " Kearay and Sutter sts - finc q 5 u pS w00l>)
New Catilogue Store Opens 8.3O Ji. M.. Closes S.3O P. M. 50c a Pair
Our Annual Lace Curtain Sale
Starts ToTmqrrow-.witH Exceptional Values*
• . - (Second Floor Sutter Street,)
Here's news that should unquestionably crowd our Curtain Department Monday to overflowing j
with eager purchasers. Beautiful high-grade Nottingham, Arabian, French Net, Irish Point and j
.Cluny Lace Curtains, in two, three and four pairs of a pattern — new, choice designs, suitable for
parlor dining or bed rooms — will be offered at lower prices thanwere ever known for similar goodsy
tl.OO a Pair for Curtains worth 51-50 S3.25 a Pair for Curtains worth $3.75
S1.75 a Pair for Curtains worth $2.50 , S4.25 a Pair for Curtains worth J5.00
1 1.90 a Pair for Curtains worth $2.75 \y 85.00 a Pair for Curtains worth $6.00 ;
82.50 a Pair for Curtains worth $3.00 86.75 a Pair for Curtains worth }8.00 j
High- Grade Black Dress Goods f
At Extremely Low Prices
(First Floor Kearny St.) •
More than 5000 yards of Handsome Black Dress Goods go on special sale to-morrow. The col- /
lection includes twelve distinctive weaves and fabrics — materials that are all wool, all new and^
the proper styles for this season's wear— and prices offer extraordinary inducements.
38 in. Black Batiste, regularly 75c, at) __ 46 In. Black Sharkskin, worth $1.25, at ) '- ,
38 In. Black Cashmere, regularly 75c at [¦ 50c 44 in - Black Cre P e de Pa »s» worth $1.25, at [ Nt (jOi
38 in. Black Serge, regularly 75C at) u^ 45 in. Black Voile, worth $1.25, at) t>»^
56 in. Black Cheviot, regularly $t.oo, at ) •_ 66 In. Black Panne Cheviot, worth $i-5<>» at ) __,
50 in. Black Granite, regularly $1.00, at V /Sc 46 in. Black Crispine Cloth, worth $1.50, at V S\ I 7S *
50 in. Black Panama, regularly $i.oo, at ) * w 46 in. Black Crepe Armure, worth $1.50, at ) v f>**'^'
Elegant Lace and Spangled Robes
In an Important Sale To-morrow
(First Floor Kearny St.) -
We never had so many exquisite Robes to show-you — whatever is worn at all is here. They
came from Europe — our own personal selections and direct importations — that's the reason we
can offer such stirring values as these for to-morrow :
Handsome Robes of Lierre Lace, in Spangled Robes, in all black, and all Novelty Spangled Robes, In Pink,
white and cream, extra full skirt, with silver, full skirt, rich designs, all made Red, Blue and Lavender, also some
deep flounce; waist and sleeves to on strong net, waist and sleeves to Black and Steel; waist, sleeves and
match; beautiful design; ex- * i - ft match, several designs to Ci A - n skirt complete robe, entirely * 1OCA
ceptionally fine value, at —^IZ.OU select from, at Jpl4.3U new designs, special at «plo.Ol>',
Sterling Silver Thimbles Sale of Art Doylies*
At 1 2c Each Instead of 25c At Tempting Prices
(First Floor Butter St.) • (Second Floor Kearny Street)
If you want good, solid silver Thimbles at a very low Beautiful hand-made Doylies, in several exquisite <
price— now is your opportunity. We've secured a large Renaissance and Battenberg Lace designs, with fine
lot to sell' »t this sensational price. They are in the JjJJJ" £g£. zs ~ on sale to-morrow at these extremely?.
neatest designs, In all sizes, for both ladies and children, °«LLr- 5 rwii— .!™/;,/;i.,i,« *i ,; *W
_,, .. ... .. ii. . o i **. bquare Doylies, size oxo inches, sale price. ..15e
Thimbles that sell regularly at 25c each. Sale 1 0 Round Doylies, 6 Inches diameter, sale price. . 20o
price, Monday, while quantity lasts iZ/O Square Doylies, size 6x6 inches, sale price... 25e ¦
Ladies' Stylish New Waists for Fall
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
Words cannot do justice to our present complete showing of Ladies' New Waists — we don't
think we have ever shown handsomer styles — but come and view them, and pass judgment upon
them yourself. Following are a few of the many splendid values offered on sale to-morrow :
Fancy Brilliantine Waists, made with beautifully tucked Fine Wool Canvas Waists, in solid red, black and navy
Duchesse front, tucked back, colors navy blue, >,- blue, with prettily stitched pleats, frontand back; *. - A
black and brown, with dash of white; special at.. very stylish and splendid value, at $4.MJ
Black Alpaca Waists, of excellent quality, made in the Handsome Waists of Nun's Veiling, with wide tucks in
very latest style, with tucked front and back, ,_- front forming yoke, center pleat, collar and cuffs *-. <> -
trimmed with silk buttons, a most effective waist W«» J trimmed with plaid silk, colors red, brown, green
The New Shawls Have Arrived
. (Third Floor Kearny St.)
.There are scores of attractive styles among the newly-arrived Shawls, and from the simplest
to the most elaborate, all are excellently made. We quote a few sorts and their prices :
Shetland Wool Shawls, 42 ins. square, Cashmere Shawls, with hand crocheted Silk Shawls, woven in pretty fancy
in white, black, red, blue and - n border of Shetland floss; 40ms. 1 Cfk stitches, size 45x54 ins., in Moe
pink; special at 3UC square;black,white,colors,each«pl.3U white, pink and blue, each ipZ.OO
ShetlandWool Shawls, 42 ins. square, Woven Shawls, made of 8-foldGerman- Imported VV00I Shawls, size 54x6oins.,
in white, blue, pink and red, * 1 town wool, fringe on all sides, a ( c in white, pink and blue; with *, -*-
with fancy borders, each — Cpl.ZD white, black and colors; each«pl»<5 pretty silk stripes ; special at «pJ.^3
..Handsome Dining Room Sets..
Our immense stock gives you ample opportunity to make
a fine selection of goods to fit up your dining-room. All new
goods in quarter-sawed or weathered oak. If you want a
Sideboard, Buffet, Extension Table, Chairs, Carpets, Rugs or
Matting, don't fail to see us before buying elsewhere, for we
can save you 20 per cent on all purchases. We don't pay rent ;
all others do ; that's why we can sell so much lower.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE GO,
1017-1023 MISSION STREET. **>*« Slxt!> -
GOLD DCST.
"Let the GOLD DUST TWINS do your work 90
The Dog &ml §§M^
The Shadow mfg^
Ycu remember the fable cf the
ocg v/ho dropped a real bone for
j its shadow which he saw in the water. Bear in mind that all is not
that flitters under the name of "Washing Powder.** Don't accept a shadowy
substitute, but £et the real Gold Dust,with The Gold Dust Twins on package.
I OTHER GEKERAL I Scrcttfa* fleers, treshln? clothes and dishes, cleaninar wood-
[ USES FOR I woi-I:. oil doth, silverware and tinware, polishing brass work.
GOLD DUST I cJsansiK? talh room, pipes, etc. and making the finest soft soap.
Vltt s tj THE !*. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chicago-Makers of FAIRY SOAP.
GOLD DUST makes hard water soft. The latest accomplishment of science
is the photographing of living diptase
germs.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at.
On November 1. 1904, will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received up to
that date at present pric^ *
high as thet barn. -
Hiram Hayrick— How high kin ther
barn jump?
HIS IDEA.
Ezra Corntossle — My dog can Jump as
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Ca>
llornia street. Telephone Main 1Q4J. *
The expression "kick the bucket'' as
synonymous with dying is said to havtj
originated in an English method of sui
cide. The intended suicide would stand
upon a bucket, put the noose about
his neck and then kick the bucket from
under him. ....
"KICK THE BUCKET."
SAVED WITH FISHING ROD.
While fishing in Lifford Reservoir the
caretaker of Stirchley Institute, Bir
mingham, England, saw a domestic
servant named Annie Curtis throw her
self into the water. Being unable to
swim, he cast for her with the rod, and,
catching the hook in the girl's clothing,
he. managed to bring her safely to
shore."
"VOTING MACHINE— A. G.7 San Co
lombano, Chiavari, Italy. There are
several styles of voting machines. The
principle of all is that there is a frame
in which appears the list of the nomi
nees of each party,' also a space for in
dependent candidates. There Is a but
ton on the side of each name and when
a voter desires to vote he presses the
button and the vote, by internal ma
chinery, is recorded on a slip for the
candidate. "When voting for one candi
date all other names are locked. Every
vote that is cast for a candidate la
registered consecutively, so that at the
close of the polls the number of votes
cast for each candidate appears on the
slip.
HE . STAYED HOME.
Hecktord <— I can't stay at home to
take care, of baby to-night My club's
going to have a stag.
Mrs. Hecktord— That* makes \ no dif
ference, my club's going to : have a
stagerer.
Will be worn all winter.
Are larger ana deeper than ever.
Have a fitted shoulder piece falling
over the arm.
Come in deep, round pelerine shapes,
closing in front, where they just escape
the waist line. ¦¦ U -._,:
Are all designed* to exaggerate # the
sloping shoulder.
Are heavily wrought upon with rich
lace flowers and fruit patterns.
Appear in a soft, delicate Maltese lace
adapted from the Spanish.
Come in all shades of white anfl ecru.
Are numerous In champagne color, for
wear with brown hats and frocks.
MOLLY MAGUIRES — J. G., Rich
mond, CaL The Molly Magulres com
posed a secret organization compris
ing several thousand anthracite coal
miners in the northeastern part of
Pennsylvania. It is believed that the
organization was founded in 1854, but
little of it was known until 1875.
when it became known by reason of
deeds of violence. James McFarlan,
a detective, gained admission into the
order by initiation and upon his testi
mony the leaders were arrested. An
exciting trial followed, a number of
the prisoners were hanged by squads
on separate days and but little has
been heard of the organization since.
Some roufh felt hats have brims of
black, while the wide punched-ln or
creased crown is of some other color;
for instance, grass-green, deep crim
son or creamy white. These are gen
erally trimmed with black ribbon
gathered around the crown, bows of
the same and cock's -tail plumage or
couteaux to match the crown.
HATS.
THE PETTICOAT.
A special walking skirt petticoat is a
necessity in a complete feminine ward
robe. No woman can hope to attain
the really correct "hang" for her outer
skirt without one. These are on view
in a design that clears the ground by
about four inches, and have one, two or
three deep ruffles for a trimming.
4 — i *
UNNECESSARY PRECAUTION.
OF COURSE NOT.
Kid— Say, mister, there is a list of
people in this paper who ain't never
going to buy nothing in your store no
more.
Mr. Man— Is that so? Where will I
find It?
Kid — Among the death notices, of
course.
THE immigration authorities have refused a landing to a French
jurist from Tahiti who desired to cross this country en route
to his home in France. The reason given is that he has con
sumption. He was ordered deported to Tahiti. If that is the law it
cannot be too soon nor too radically changed. Perhaps some of the
very officers who give it such a harsh interpretation themselves have
consumption.
It is farcical to hold that such a cruel precaution is necessary
to prevent the introduction of the disease, for all of our overland
roads carry at this season hundreds of consumptives in search of a
mild climate. This is interstate travel, and it is as much under Federal
control as immigration is. It is permitted, but a man is sent back
to the South Pacific and forbidden transit across the country be
cause he has the same disease.
He was not an immigrant in the legal sense at all. He was a
traveler. To say that such precautions as were taken in his case
make any one here safer from tubercular infection is nonsense. Had
he been an immigrant, intending to remain in the country, no one
questions the right to exclude him. But he is a foreigner, holding a
dignified position in his Government, and asked only the privilege
of crossing our country to his home in France.
We are of opinion that if a citizen of the United States under
similar circumstances were denied the right to cross French terri
tory on his way home our Government would make a row about it.
LACE COLLARS.
Two clams in a conflict with a huge
rat presented a novel spectacle wit
nessed by a crowd in North Hanover
street, Pottstown, Pa., a few days ago-
The fight began in (he cellar of a res
taurant, where one clam had hold of
the rodent's tail, while the other had
a grip on one of its feet. The combat
ants were taken to thj street, where
the rat struggled- desperately for free
dom. A bystander finally killed it, but
the clams were still holding fast.
CLAMS BEAT A RAT.
COUNCIL OF TRENT— A. G.. San
Colombano. Chiavari, Italy. "What Is
known as the Council of Trent wa«
held at Trent (the ancient Tridentum).
in Tyrol. This council reckoned In the
Roman Catholic church as the eigh
teenth general council, first opened De
cember 13, 1545, and continued (with In
terruption) under Popes Paul III, Ju
lius II and Plus IV to December 4, 1563.
One sees a few cloth collars in the
shops, handsomely embroidered by
hand and applied with curious little
motifs. They come in white. . black
and a few colors, and make a lovely
accessory to the cloth gown of simi
lar shade.
Deeper than these is a white cloth
collar that reaches the proportion of
a shoulder cape, embroidered with
handsome padded Easter lilies.
CLOTH COLLARS.
COUNCIL. OF FLORENCE— A. O..
San Colombano, Chiavari. Italy. Th«
Council of Florence was a part of the
Council of Basle, Switzerland, Decem
ber.** 1431. to May. 1443. The council
commenced in the place named In 1431.
but Eugenlus IV exercised his pre
rogative of removing: the assembly to
Ferra and from thence to Florence.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Charles E. Adams, a wealthy dairy
man near Port Chester. X. T., is the
father of three daughters, all of whom
have eloped. The last one, Sadie, 17
years old, very pretty and fresh from a
boarding-school, decamped the other
night with Walter Washburn, the over
seer of her father's farm. Adams sus
pected that his daughter loved Wash
burn, so he discharged him. Washburn
left the same evening, and the express
wagon that 'came to take his trunk
away from the Adams homestead took
Sadie's trunk, too. Adams was away
from home. When he found that his
third daughter had gone he said he
would never have anything more to do
with her. He has never forgiven any of
his daughters for eloping, and they are
all living away from home.
THREE DAUGHTERS ELOPE
WHEN Kuropatkin left St. Petersburg to take command in
Manchuria he said he was going to Asia to dictate terms of
peace at Tokio. Well, he went, and from his first encounter
with the Japanese was outclassed and outfought. After Liaoyang he
fell back on Mukden, and after getting his breath assumed* the of
fensive and issued a proclamation in which he said. "We will now
compel the Japanese to do our will." The armies met and again Ku
ropatkin is in retreat. He has shown great ingenuity in inventing
terms to conceal disaster. After Liaoyang he cloaked his retreat
under the phrase in his report. "I changed position." In the last fight
he calls his retreat "a sagacious change in position."
To the military critics of Europe and this country his efforts
seem to be a useless sacrifice and a cause of unnecessary carnage. It
is not plain that Russia can get another army into Manchuria. The
Japanese will surely control the railroad to Harbin and perhaps be
yond. They change its gauge and have the rolling stock ready for
service. This means that they have rail facilities for troops, arms
and supplies, while the Russians have none. With Togo in control
of the Yellow Sea the Russians cannot use transports for troops, and
if they could it would be impossible by such means to land a suffi
cient force in Manchuria, Korea or at Vladivostok to match the Ja
panese army. V:' .
At present the sole hope for an end of the gory tragedy lies in
the crushing blows delivered by the troops of Oyama and the fall 61
Port Arthur. Japan has yet in reserve a fighting force of 1,100,000
men, with fier base close to the field of operations and the railroad for
military use. These things seem to equalise the two nations if their
soldiers were of equal fighting capacity. But it appears to be proved
that the Japanese are the superior soldiers. Kuropatkin would better
go home and open a small store.
ANOTHER RUSSIAN FAILURE.
A dainty example is affected by
means of a bouillonne of gathered net.
The net for the edge is simply cut in
strips and gathered each side so as
to leave a doubla heading as a finish,
then stitched to the edges of the
flchu. Smart bows of ribbon in front
complete an inexpensive and stylish
fichu.
When fashioning fichus almost any
little odds and ends can be used, but
nevertheless it is well to be careful
not to have too many kinds of mate
rial on one article. Nothing looks so
bad as ail old piece of silk or ribbon
on a practically new fichu or fancy
cape. The difference is apparent even
to the most untrained eye, and the
general appearance of a toilet is
spoiled rather than improved by the
addition of a carelessly put together
fichu.
The fashionable fichu is a thing of
beauty and a joy forever, and the
present style of dress, which has a
strong tendency toward the pic
turesque, lends itself particularly to
the pretty fichus which are now being
especially advocated by Dame Fash
ion.
Box coats quite loose are among the
most fashionable for general wear and
are rendered ,both novel and smart by
the introduction of collar and cuffs of
contrasting material. An attractive
model is made of navy blue cheviot
with collar and cuffs of white cloth
stitched and piped with velvet and is
quite as satisfactory to the wearer as
it is stylish and effective. The Hat
finish at the neck and the fly front
make specially noteworthy features,
together with the pockets which are
inserted in each front.
THE FASHIONABLE FICHU.
SMART BOX COATS.
An entire boa made of this part of
the peacock's plumage is beautiful.
(Especially go for one who has a terra
cotta chapeau with a peacock pom
pon.
The eyes of the tail feathers, so
glaringly conscicuous, play no part in
the present mode. It is the side feath
ers, those without eyes, that are used
to such splendid advantage. The gold
en, copper and bronze shades that
seem to encrust these deeply, richly
green feathers are superb of- them
selves. Made into a big, soft pompon
and placed on one of the new terra
cotta velvet hats the effect is as splen
did as it is novel. Each color exploits
the other. This part of the peacock's
plumage is better adapted to the dull,
rich terra-cotta shade than is the
often used reseda. In truth, a reseda
ostrich plume of the lovely clear shade
is a trifle too delicate for the true
terra-cotta. By contrast the terra
cotta, instead of seeming to glow, is
given a dead, sluggish cast. Not so th«»
lovely peacock plumage. In a small
way it contains the terra-cotta qual
ity — the very shade appears in one of
its coppery hues. So for this reason
it seems to have been destined for
combining with terra-cotta.
Never has the plumage of Juno's
bird been so much worn by women.
PEACOCK POMPONS.
The worM is white in the mild moon's
light:
The lilies blr>r>m in her silver sight;
Meseems si>me wonder is waking under
The star-flowered quiet of middle night.
From pole to pole, like \\ sinsing scroll,.
Tho spheral sounds of the star-songs roll:
The air is glpaming with shapes of
dreaming;
A mystic music is on my soul.
The wonder grows, like an opening rose;
The' face of heaven with a halo glows;
For Joy or fearing, some charm is near
ing:
I feel its wings o'er the world unclose.
It fills me; there, in the middle air,
A splendor as of a meteor's hair!
The gates of heaven are open; the sevea
Great angels glitter upon the stair.
— John Payne, in The Living Age.
A SONG OF THE NIGHT.
Apple Pudding. — Sift <>no pint of flour
with three level teaspoonfuls of baking
powder and a saltspobn of salt. Add
one cup of milk, one beaten egg and
spread on a shallow pan. Pare, core,
and Quarter half a dozen apples. Cut
the quarters in halves and stick the3e
pieces of apple in rows with the sharp
edge down into the batter. Sprinkle
with sugar, using more or less as the
apples require. Bake in a rather quick
oven and serve in squares with a liquid
sauce.
Raised Doughnuts. — Heat two cups of
milk in a double boiler and when luke
warm add a yeast take dissolved in
one cup of lukewarm water, one cup of
.sugar and Hour enough to make a stiff
batter -than can be beaten with a spoon.
Let rise over night and in the morning
add three slightly rounding table
spoons of soft butter, one-half tea
spoon of soda dissolved in a tablespoon
of milk, half a small nutmeg grated
and flour enough t» make a dough that
can be kneaded.
Citron Cake — One eup butter. 3
cups sugar. 3 cups flour, 3 tablespoons
molasses, 3 eggs, 2 cups currants, 1
cupful chopped citron, 1 cup milk, 1
teaspoon cream tartar, V» teaspoon
soda, 1 teaspoon each cloves and cinna
mon. 54 nutmPB.
It jumped and hopped, leaped and
fairly pranced, for its spiral joints
seemed unalterably opposed to quiet,
and evidently animated it with the de
sire to perform all sorts of "monkey
shines."
On the other hand, the one possessed
by Mrs. Tevis was more sedate and dig
nified and was probably fatigued after
its long Journey from Europe with its
owner, for it carried a tiny palm leaf
fan in one of its front paws, which
claimed its attention almost entirely.
Whenever Mrs. Tevis moved his mon
keyship used his fan. not possibly with
the coquettish grace of a Spanish senor
ita, but in quite a fetching manner,
nevertheless. He, too, was of black che
nille, as furry as a caterpillar, and stood
out in bold relief against the ecru ba
tiste background of his fair owners
gown.
In fact, the new bidders for fame,
which are about four inches high, bore
a close resemblance to these street toys
and danced with the agility of grass
hoppers. When the Countess Festetics
extended her hand to Mrs. Tevis in the
hall at Sherry's and told her how glad
she was to se her and how pretty she
looked, the black monkey performed
acrobatic feats in the air, dangling
from its elastic leash.
They wriggled and squirmed like
some giant insects, for they hung from
elastic threads attached to the women's
fingers. Every movement by these
leaders of fashion made the monkeys
dance and bob about, evidently to the
women's delight, for they seemed as
much amused with their chenille pets
as children might be with the wriggly
spiders sold by tJie fakers on Four
teenth street.
Fuzzy dwarf monkeys on wires are
the latest fad among women of the
fashionable set. These simian pets
made 'their debut at Sherry's, where
they were introduced to society at
luncheon by the Countess Festetics and
Mrs. Hugh Tevis. Unlike the kind that
Harry Lehr entertained at a Newport
dinner party last year they can be
carried anywhere and accompanied the
Countess and Mrs. Tevis into the res
taurant.
LATEST FAD AMONG
WOKEN OF SOCIETY
TRY YOUR HAND AT
THESE EASY RECIPES
CALIFORNIA is doing well these days. The Texas committee,
sent here to inspect our agriculture and horticulture, has is
sued a remarkable report, in which the methods of our farmers
are commended without stint. The Texans were struck by the thor
oughness of cultivation here. They found no corners left for weeds,
and were impressed by the cleanness of our fields, orchards and vine
yards: California soil is too good to be devoted to raising weeds, and
the long life of our fruit trees is caused by their thorough cultivation
and scientific pruning. An Eastern and Southern orchard is usually
found in grass or weeds. Pruning is an almost unknown art. The.
weeds and grass sap the substance of the soil and the trees die of
famine. The whole country can study with profit our methods. They
arc original here and if generally adopted will add to the productive
capacity of other States.
It is pleasant, too, to have our fruit packing commended, as it is
by the Texans, for it means that our producers and packers are heed
ing the often given admonition of The Call, that their permanent
market and prosperity depend upon strict observance of the princi
ples of commercial honor in preparing their material for market.
The Texas report is one of the best advertisements this State has
had, and it should be among the documents sent out by the various
organizations which are advertising the fame of the State.
At the St. Louis Exposition California wears the garlands.
The collective exhibit, which shows all together the resources of the
State, exceeds and excels that of any other # American St'ate or any
other country, and it has carried off all the medals and prizes which
can express its primacy. Our wine makers at first met the old trou
ble arising in the adopted foreign names for their vintages. But this
was overcome. It is a matter inherent in the cultivation here of for
eign wine grapes. All American grapes are of the slip skin variety.
The European and Oriental grapes have the skin adhering to the
pulp. These are the wine grapes and they are known here by the
names given them in the Old World and the names of our wines have
followed the nomenclature of the vineyard.
It is probable that from this time on a change will appear, and that
our wines will take on distinctive California names. This is very de
sirable, for our vintage is destined to be one of the greatest in the
world, and it should carry with it everywhere the name and fame of
the State. At present our wines appear on the lists of Eastern hotels
and dining cars under the general head "Domestic Wines," and are
therefore rated with the artificed wines made from the Eastern slip
grapes, which have to be stretched with sugar or alcohol. Bet
ter attention paid to the marketing and naming of our vintage will
put it where it belongs, in direct comparison with the French, Ger
man and Italian product-
Here again the principles of commercial honor will bring profit
to the State. No manipulated or filthy wine should be permitted to
go into consumption. It will pay California to take official oversight
of this matter and prevent the export of any wines that are not
sound. The temptation to repair defective fermentations or to put
young wines on the market by loading them with anti-ferments
should be removed by an inspection that will defeat the expectation
of profit to be gained by such means.
A foreign jury at the exposition gave first place to our olive oil,
but condemned our pickled olives for the benefit of the green im
ported pickle. The fact is that the two products are not in the same
class at all. The green olive is a pickle merely, a relish in the nature
of a condiment. Our ripe olive pickle is a delicious and nutritious
f'»od. It contains the ripened oil, is free stone and forms a desirable
addition to a strength producing diet. The coldness of the St. Louis
jury will not in any way injure it nor abridge its use.
Here again we have a distinctly Californian product that will
gain or lose in favor as the principles of commercial honor are ob
served or omitted in its preparation. The practice of dyeing our
olives or using a mordaunt to fix their color should be prohibited by
law. When they are properly treated by the formula issued by Pro
fessor Hayne there is no difficulty about their loss of color. Our
olive growers will go on putting up and selling our ripe olives and
the people will eat them and bless the sunshine of California in spite
<>f the lack of appreciation shown by the jury. The State could af
ford to hold a general harvest home festival in view of the good for
tune that has filled the vear.
GREAT DAYS FOR THE STATE.
ii I SN'T it peculiar that very often
I the woman who is very popular
1 at the summer hotel is unpop
| ular when she returns to the
city," said the business woman to her
companion. "It seems to me that she
could be just as popular in the city
if she would only imagine that it is
summer the year round."
"Some women often wonder why
many of their sex are so popular,
while others who may be blessed with
beauty and gracious manners do not
have the focultv of holding attention."
said the companion. "Can you tell me
why this is?"
"Well, I think that the success in
social life is only attained if the
women will banish all thought of ;
self," the business woman continued.
"Because then they study to please
and bring out the very best there is
in each person it is their pleasure to
meet. To be a favorite one must be
natural. There is a charm in natural
ness, even if grace and style are oc
casionally missing. The summer girl
is more or less natural, for she forgets
all her business cares, and that ac
counts for her popularity, I think."
"I imagine the best thing is the
practice of sincerity," said the other.
"One ought to try and impress' this
thought upon friends and associates.
By being sincere I don't mean to imply
that one should never joke nor smile;
far from it. All the world loves a
"It is not given to all women to dis
cover what subject will please the man
who takes her out to dinner. Sire can.
however, refrain from boring: him by
discussing her own affairs or devoting
her conversation to her hobbies. Many
are constantly seeking in various ways
to polish disagreeable spots, the. sharp,
rough edges. Dancing is learned for
the object lesson of giving gTace as
well as affording pleasure. To make in
telligent, pleasing conversation why
not study speech? Perhaps it is the
fashion at the present time to cultivate
eccentricity, which is generally another
name for rudeness. Are there not cer
tain customs with which we are to con
form, or rules that we have to follow
when out in society? Well, then, if it
means popularity, let us do it. Don't
let any woman be a bore."
smiling face — sunshine and happiness
win friends."
"Of course, I think that is a pretty
good sentiment, but the woman who
really wishes to be popular ought to
banish self," the business woman as
serted. "It is not thy easiest thing in
the world to do thi3 unless one happens
to know something of the persons you
are with. Here is where tact should
assert itself and, if one is clever, it wil!
not take long to discover the taste c«f
any individual. It may be current top
ics of the day. books, art. music, or
possibly a hobby of some nature — and,
by the way. it has been said that the
very worst bc-re of all is the woman
with a fad. I would suggest that
women avoid that.
WOMAN MUST BANISH
SELF TO BE POPULAR
THE DEMOCRATS' PLIGHT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
iOHX I>. ?il HKClvKLS Proprietor^
ADOREa ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN' MeXACGHT Manager
r'VM-IOATION OKnrE..rt THIRD AND MARKKT STRKETP. PAN FRANCrPCQ
SUNDAY . 7. OCTOBER 16, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 16, 1904.
22Vegetarianism, for instance, has of
late received a great stimulus from a
twofold condition. In the first place
meat has been high in price, and thou
sands of people have felt the necessity
of practicing more rigorous economy—
a combination of events which has
caused them to become patient listen
ers to the professors of the cereal, fruit,
nut, vegetable or cth«rr cults, who offer
most plausible reasor ft for establishing
a n*w order of things on a more econ
omical and truly more helpful basis.
In book and pamphlet, through
column on column of printed periodi
cals, from pulpit and lecture platform
the crusade still goes on. Societies
and clubs are formed, learned men in
sundry places are annotating, sifting
and comparing statistics, till we are
led to believe that the salvation of the
race lies in the regimen of the vege
tarian Buddhist rather than the beef
*ater. Indeed, some have gone back
to the green grass and cold water diet
of the penitent Nebuchadnezzar, the
latter cult having been started by a
young Spaniard who lost his health in
Havana, came north only to be more
seriously afflicted with nervous dys
pepsia, and who found in the lush,
tender blades of the park grass of
commodity the wise
<-nes come to the front with an opti
mistic theory that after all what was
deemed a calamity was in reality only
for the public good.
"Tff "PET *y strikes or other
Tk # 'a m P U b ' ' c inconv en-
V^ / WL * ienees are offered as
y±J( |^ fl an excuse to put up
the price of any
IF THERE WERE A MEAT FAMINE— WHAT THEN?
The Vegetarians Say We Should Be Better Off, Live Longer and Cheaper.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1004.
By the REV. JOHN HEMPHILL, Pastor Calvary Presbyterian Church.
THE CONFLICT BETWEEN LABOR AND CAPITAL
chimney corner, reading her Bible,
speaking soothing words to the com
batants, bringing out of her big pocket
now and then a box of ointment for
their wounds, knowing little of what
is going on "in the world's broad field
of battle" and seeming to care less and
with no authority to say to the con
flicting forces. "Sirs, ye are brethren;
why do ye wrong one to another?" If
this be all that Christianity is and if
this be all that it can do, I do not see
that it has any valid claim upon the
attention of either capital or labor.
"Conduct is three-fourths of life,"
said the late Matthew Arnold, and
three-fourths of conduct has to do with
the industrial relations of life. If con
duct in the industrial realm is not un
der the lu-.v of God, then God is not
the King of men and never can be.
He • who cannot speak the word of
power to capital and labor cannot sit
on the throne of the universe. He may
be King of saints; he is not King of
men. But we have not so read the
Bible. God is King of kings and Lord
of lords; King of nations, King of
saints. King of len. There is a king
dom of God on earth, . ich includes
all kingdoms and the final word in the
kingdom of industry and in every
other j kingdom must be the word of
God. and to attempt to carry on any
kind of industry without listening to
his word is the worst kind of disloyal
ty to him. Employers and employed
would do well to remember that they
belong to the human brotherhood and
that while they are fighting cne anoth-
cruelly. They forget that they are
brethren, members of one family. And
they are injuring not only themselves
but the whole human brotherhood. It
would be just as sane for two brothers
born of the same father and mother
to beat and try to kill each other as it
is for employers and employed to en
gage in such unbrotherly strife. Capi
tal cannot prosper by crippling labor
and labor cannot prosper by crippling
capital. Society is a unit, and if one
suffers, all suffer. This is the law of
Christian ethics. We cannot succeed
by the rtiin of our neighbor. Unity of
interests is the law of God. It is not
true because God teaches it. God
teaches it because it is true. We may
doubt it and deny it and fight against
it. but it is true, and the twentieth cen
tury will prove it. It is proved already.
"The survival of the fittest," "Nature
red in tooth and claw," was the gospel
preached by scientists not long ago,
but "Otherism," existence for the sake
of others, is the gospel preached by
scientists now. and it is the gospel
preached in the Bible from lid to lid.
A United States Senator was bold
enough to say on the floor of the Sen
ate chamber that "the thought that the
ten commandments had anything to do
with American politics was only an
iridescent dream." He might have in
cluded American industries. The law
of Gud, Christian ethics, has no
standing in the high courts of politics
and commerce. Christianity nowadays
is only a good-natured old grandmoth
er, sitting with her frilled cap in her
PROSPEROUS times do not
bring industrial peace. In
thirty-five years I have
never known more pros
perous times than we are
having now. Business men
are making money fast. Working men
are getting big wages and constant
employment: and yet th^ clash be
tween employers and employed contin
ues. We hear the sullen roar of it at
frequent intervals, like the dash of
angry waves agair.st a rock-bound
coast. "War ip hell." said the late
General Sherman. Industrial war is
hell. Napoleon conquered a country
and called it peace, but it was the
peace of desolation. Employers may
win in the industrial fight that is upon
us h*re and everywhere, or employed,
and call it peace, but whoever wins,
tht-y are saying. "'Peace, peace, when
th«rre is no peace." Our industries can
be built ui> neither on the basis of con-
Tzct nor contract. Carlyle says: "Love
of rm-n cannot be bought by cash, and
without love men cannot endure to bt
together."
The strife between capital and labor
is at once suicidal, fratricidal and
humirMal. It kill? the brother, self and
society. When the great Law-giver of
Israel found two Hebrews quarreling
ho said to them. "Sirs, ye are brethren;
why do ye wrong one to another?"
This strife between employers and em
ployed is unbrotherly. unnatural, a
monstrous thing, monstrously wicked
and monstrously absurd, no wolves of
the forest tearing each other more
I THE REV. JOHN HEJIPHILL.
of California. Granting the necessity
of maintaining institutes in earlier
days, Mr. Barker contends that with
recent developments in educational fa
cilities more practical means now' exist
which enable teachers to keep abreast
with professional thought and practice.
He favors the summer school as a
substitute, even though the attend
ance be voluntary.
To Duncan Stirling, Superintendent
of Monterey County, the benefits of the
Institute as a social and inspirational
force far outweigh its disadvantages.
As a possible substitute he suggests
that teachefs be employed with provi
sion for gradual increase of salary for
five years, conditioned upon four or
six weeks* attendance each year at a
summer normal school. Further pro
vision should also be made to relieve
the County Superintendent of all cleri
cal labor, to enable him to properly su
perintend the schools.
From the standpoint of an experi
enced educator, Frederic Burk, pres
ident of the San Francisco Normal,
states his conclusions. He believes
"that the cost of institutes is fully
justified by the enthusiasm and spirit
resulting from bringing the teachers
together for a week and Inspiring
them, through common fellowship,
with the ideals of their profession."
Institutes, however, are not, in Mr.
Burk's opinion, successful in enabling
teachers to realize a broad horizon of
scholarship, or in furnishing oppor
tunities for personal instruction In
either the subjects or the methods of
teaching. He points to the marked
successes of the summer schools at Saa
Jose and Berkeley as indicating a su
perior course by which may be ob
tained desired proficiency In technical
training and in reaching high scholar
ship.
The Superintendent of Public Tn^
struction, Thomas J. Kirk, has a wlds
outlook, for hia duties require his at
tendance at all institutes which ho can
reach. Superintendent Kirk respondi
to the questions presented by Tha
Call by saying that until a better pro
vision can be made, the teachers' in
stitute is an indispensable educational
factor. He states that Just criticisms
are offered of those institutes which
ere given over to excessive entertain
ment or to mere theorizing, but that
the average institute Is helpful and in
spiring. There Is need of constant
stimulus and uplift in the teacher**
work, and the suggestion is given that
a week or more spent each year at
those ideal places for professional
training, the department of education
in the State University or at a sum
mer normal, may prove a desirable
substitute for the institute.
Considered Beneficial by Some Educators, While Others Favor a Substitute
THE VALUE OF THE TEACHERS' INSTITUTE
er in their combinations of capital to
get the better of labor and of labor
to get the better of capital, they are
fighting against the laws of the Ruler
of the universe; a conflict which can
issue in no benefit to either, but in
much injury to both and to society.
What is the remedy for the indus
trial war? One of two things: First,
a national board of arbitration. Let
capital name one arbitrator, labor
another, and the President of the
United States a third, and let these
three men be clothed with authority
to settle all disputes between capital
and labor as they arise. Second, co
partnership of some sort. Christianity
found slavery existing, and while it
did not set itself to overthrow it by
direct onset, it enunciated principles
which inevitably overthrew it. To
slavery the wage-earning system suc
ceeded. Is this the final form of the
kingdom of industry? I do not think
so. I look upon the present collision
between employers and employed as
the birth pangs of another and higher
form — the final form. Under the
wage system we ' have two great
standing armies, capital on the one
hand and labor on the other, fighting
each other as fiercely on the soil of
this free America of ours as Jap and
Slav are fighting each other on the
soil of Manchuria, Is this the best
that the wage system can do? Is it
the best that Christianity can do? I
do not believe that Christianity con
templates the maintenance of stand
ing armies of any sort. I believe the
angels meant something when they
dustrial enterprise is in essential fact
and justice a joint enterprise, it Is go
ing to be recognized as such. Right
prevails in the long run.
We owe much to the men of the
nineteenth cen&ry, who gave us travel
by steam and talk by lightning. We
shall owe more to the man of the
twentieth century, who shall bring us
Industrial peace. And he is comlnj?. for
when the time calls for a man God has
always a man ready to answer the call.
A born leader of men shall emerge in
the twentieth century, who shall show
the way to that peaceful reconstruction
of our industries by which capital and
labor shall be identified and peace per
manently established among the sons
of men. Who is the coming man? Mr.
Parker? If so. I trust he shall be elect
ed to the highest office in the gift of
the American people — yea. the highest
office in the gift of **ie world. Theo
dore Roosevelt? If so, I trust he shall
be elected to succeed himself. Indus
trial peace Is coming, whoever brings
it. Society is a unit. The law of civil
ization, as of Christianity, is "each for
all and all for each." Industrial war
injures each and alL It will not do for
an employer to say: "This business Is
mine and I'm going to run it to suit
myself." It will not do for a workman
to say: "The members of the union to
which I belong are the only ones whose
welfare is to be considered." Each
must act for the interests of all, and
when we ail act that way we shall
have reached the end of the years of
strife and have come to the beginning
of the thousand years of peace of which
Tennyson so sweetly sings.
sang on that first Christmas morning
"Peace on earth, good will to men."
I believe that the time will come, and
early In the twentieth century, too,
when employers and employed shall
beat their swords into plowshares and
their spears into prunlng-hooks and
learn industrial war no more. That
is a consummation devoutly to be
wished, for the wage system as it
works now is simply organized war.
The sooner employers recognize the
fact that their workmerAare their part
ners in production, the »oner shall we
have industrial peace and prosperity.
That is the logic of current events and
it is the logic of Christianity, too. The
world Is going that way. It Is possible
to go too fast and upset the industrial
coach. There are difficulties In the way.
Capital can live on its own fat In "the
winter of its discontent." Labor's fat,
being all lean, must starve, but a way
will be found. There are hosts of
wage-earners, tired of useless and cost
ly strife, ready for the copartnership
plan and there are hosts of employees
ready to meet their men half way. The
solution of the industrial difficulty lies
in the identification of the interests
of the men who do the work with
those of the men who direct it. Car
lyle wrote half a century ago, "whether
in some not far-distant age your mas
ter worker may not find it possible and
needful to grant his workers permanent
interest in his enterprise and theirs, so
that it becomes in practical result what
in essential fact and justice it ever is,
a joint enterprise." It seems to me
Carlyle answers Carlyle. If every in-
From E. M. ' ox. Superintendent of
the Santa Rosa Fchoole. it is learned
that he "considers the Institutes in
dispensable. We can hope for little
those whose opinion is
strongly affirmative. They believe that
this feature of the State's educational
work has passed its highest influence
and that more effective means should
be employed for the development and
upbuilding of teachers.
Teachers' institutes were first legally
recognized in this State in 1SG3. In 1S70
the law was changed so that it required
the superintend ' of each county of a
certain size to annually hold an insti
tute and also required the attendance
of ev< : y public school teacher. Hence
for a generation teachers' institutes
have been a compulsory feature of the
schc )1 law of California.
With the view of learning the cur
rent opinions or this subject. The Call
has requested the views of some of the
school pupcrintendents upon the value
of teachers' institutes and upon any
possible substitutes and by their cour
tesy is enabled to present these here
with. Tbey are wholly from officials in
the northern part of the State.
HAVE the educational in
terests of California out
gTOwn the County Teach
ers' Institutes? There are
C. I* McLane, Superintendent of
Fresno schools, believes that though
there are some advantages derived
from a course of lectures which are
sometimes given, the institutes are, as
far as the city schools are concerned,
a mere waste of time and money. This
because the city teacher is accustomed
to frequent conferences and grade
meetings where are discussed the prob-
progress in any body of teachers which
docs not meet frequently for the dis
cussion of school questions. Cities and
thickly settled communities could de
vise a satisfactory substitute, but I
see no other alternative for the great
majority of the country teachers of this
State. The institute is in a large meas
ure what the Superintendent is who
planned it."
County Superintendent A. A. Bailey
of Contra Costa vrites: "In my judg
ment teachers' institutes are, as a rule,
well managed and are a decided ad
vantage to cur schools. They elevate
and Inspire the teacher; they bring es
sentials to the front; they demolish
fads and keep the teacher out of edu
cational ruts. If attended, summer
schools would accomplish the same re
sults, but few would attend them with
out pay. Again, after months of weari
some labor the teacher is entitled to a
real vacation and recuperative rest.
Let the law stand as it is."
By the Amador County Superintend
ent, George A. Gordon, the view is en
tertained that the institute is an oc
casion when discussion of methods of
teaching should have special attention.
To be most effective, illustration
should be had by a skilled teacher
with a class of children. As a draw
back to the success of institutes h^d
In mountain counties, Mr. Gordon re
fers to the difficulty experienced in se
curing the best lecturers at ; points
which are remote from the lines of
railway travel. He thinks that, ulti
mately, the institute will' be supplant
ed by a summer course of training at
a normal school.
The Superintendent of the Eureka
schools, A. C. Barker, holds the opin
ion that the results of the institutes
are not justified by the expense. This
he estimates in the aggregate for the
whole State at $160,000 per annum — a
sum equal to 75 per cent of the cost
of supporting the five normal schools
wide-awake, questioning Superintend
ent. The educational conditions must
be thought upon, they must be lived
with day by day, they must be checked
up by reading, they must be compared
with better and worse conditions. When
the point to be improved has been de
termined upon it should become the
pivot around which all the work of the
institute centers."
learn methods, of other teachers, her
horizon will broaden and she will be
come enthusiastic In her chosen work."
It Is the belief of J. W. McClymonds,
the Oakland Superintendent, that the
institutes have been of the highest
value to California schools. Consider
ing the changes brought about by pro
fessional training of teachers, Mr. Mc-
Clymonds thinks that institutes must
also change to accord with the needs of
the teaching profession. The greatest
latitude should be permitted the County
Superintendent in determining the na
ture of his own institute.
Miss Kate Ames, Superintendent of
Napa County, is strongly impressed
with the power for good which can be
exercised through well-conducted insti
tutes. In fact, she believes that their
value is limited only by the ability of
the Superintendent to adapt the exer
cises to existing conditions. For social
influences and for spiritual upliftings—
besides being the Superintendent's sole
Opportunity for close supervision— the
Institute presents opportunities that are
unsurpassed. Miss Ames adds that "at
present the readjustment of teachers
and teaching to the new courses of
study made necessary by the adoption
of the new textbooks gives an occasion
for institutes of great practical value.
The specific details and needs of the
county can be determined only by the
A wiser use of this money would be
to invest it In six weeks' attendance at
a summer school, even once In two
years.
The convictions of O. W. Erlewine,
Superintendent of the Sacramento
schools, are after twenty-five years of
observation that "the institutes are
very valuable to those engaged in
school work. They afford that sort of
necessary Instruction and inspiration
to a large majority of the teachers of
this State that would be difficult to ob
tain in any other way." Mr. Erlewine
believes that summer schools are doing
noble work, but that their scope is too
limited to take the place of Institutes.
In the view of D. H. White, Superin
tendent of Solano County, "the value of
the institute depends entirely upon the
individual teacher. If she regards the
institute as a means of helpfulness In
her every day problems and is deter
mined to realize every advantage af
forded, she will gain new ideas, will
lems of her own work. He, however,
believes that there is some excuse for
bringing together teachers of ungraded
country schools, but such meetings
should be solely for unifying the work
of the various schools, air. McLane
claims that the average cost per teach
er for the expenses of the institute, the
teacher's salary and her personal ex
penses, is about fifty dollars.
build the bones and otner tissues of
the body. Of course all of the ma
terial that goes to make growth Is
originally In solution in the blood, from
which it is deposited in the form of
bone, muscle, tissue, etc. If while
growth is still going on the rate of
deposition can be accelerated the hu
man being or other animal will grow
faster. Apparently this ts the way in
which the lecithin works, by stimulat
ing normal growth.
Lecithin is defined by Dr. H. W.
Wiley as a fat In which phosphorus has
replaced part of the hydrogen. In sim
ple language, it is an organic com
pound of phosphorus.- While egg yolks
contain an extraordinary percentage of
it, it is also found in seeds, wherein it
is stored to furnish material for the
growth of the embryo plant— just as in
the egg It helps the development of the
unhatched chick. It Is, in fact, na
ture's own "grow stuff" and occurs
wherever food is stored for the use of
the embryo plant or animal. From it,
•Dr. Wiley says, we mainly derive the
phosphorus which helps to nourish the
brain, nerves and other tissues of the
body.
Drs. Wiley and Maxwell have per
formed some Interesting experiments
with eggs to find out what becomes of
the phosphorus In the lecithin of the
yolk. It was a difficult problem of
chemical analysis, but Its solution
proved that during the process of Incu
bation the organic phosphorus of the
lecithin is transformed into th« inor
ganic phosphorus of the bones of tht
chick.
CHEMISTS DISCOVER A VERITABLE "GROW STUFF" IN THE YOLKS OF EGGS
inasmuch as children, If their growth
is to be encouraged by such means,
will find it much easier to swallow the
doses than to take them in the other
way. Dr. Danilewsky found that doses
given once in five hours served the
purpose with young chickens, the de
velopment of which was markedly ac
celerated by the medicine, but as yet
the trials have not been extended to
babies 'and much remains to be learned
in regard to the best methods of treat
ment for growing boys an* girls.
One of the most interesting conclu
sions. drawn by Dr. Danilewsky is that
lecithin acts upon the brain. Indeed,
it seems to be actually a brain food.
Its influence as a stimulant is exerted
directly upon. the blood, which is there
by caused to deposit the materials that
The- results r obtained by Dr. Koch
indicate that the "grdw stuff" worked
better when given by the mouth than
when . administered . hypodermically.
This ought to be considered fortunate.
the lecithin in distilled water to make
it sterile he administered it to the ani
mals through the mouth and by in
jecting it beneath the skin In differ
ent series of experiments. . The ani
mals 1 under trial were invariably of
the same litter, ;were red on the same
kind of food (a plain vegetable diet
of corn, carrots and cabbage) and were
weighed every two days. Taking an
average it was found tnat the lecithin
rats grew 60 per cent faster than the
rats reared in the ordinary way, and it
was about the same with the guinea
pigs.
Dr. Koch tried the "grow, stuff", upon
guinea, pigs and rats. Having boiled
taken from the same litters, some be
ing dosed and others not and, apart
from the special treatment, were
brought up under exactly the Bame
conditions. {,;¦,.*
Dr. DanllewBky found that tadpoles
dosed with lecithin grew much faster
than pollywogs which did not have the
treatment, while frogs' eggs placed in
¦water containing one fifteen-hundredth
part of the substance gained in flfty
four days three hundred per cent more
in weight than other eggs of the same
batch in ordinary water. In other
words, the lecithin eggs grew four
times as fast. Similar results were ob
tained by Professor ;ShInkishl Hatai of
the University of Chicago. -, v -- ; ,;
to increase their size, but, though the
process was notably effective, nobody
suspected why. The reason lay simply
In the lecithin contained in the yolks.
Dr. H. W. Wiley, the Government's
chief chemist, and his assistant. Dr.
Maxwell, have performed some elabor
ate experiments with the "grow B tuff."
So have Dr. Koch of Berlin and Dr.
Danilewsky of Paris, who have utilized
many kinds of animals, from frogs to
chickens, in their investigations. They
found that puppies fed with regular
doses of lecithin not only grew faster
than puppies reared In the ordinary
way, but were stronger, more lively,
developed thicker and silkier hair and
seemed to be perceptibly more intelli
gent. In order to avoid error as far as
possible, the puppies were invariably
-«r -wr -yOULD you like to
/%. i be a Si ant? 'If you
I m are grown up al-
JeUL. JmJL. ready it is too late,
but you may aug
tne&t the stature of your children, If
you desire, by a very simple means —
namely, by feeding them on egg yolk
ad libitum.
Yolk of egg contains a substance
called "lecithin," which, as has been
newly discovered, is, in the language ef
the German scientists, a veritable
"grow stuff." Fed to human beings or
other animals, it has a marked ten
dency to accelerate development of
flesh tissue and bony structure. For
many years past St. Bernard pups
reared for exhibitions at. shows have
been systematically stuffed with eggs
Statistics are usually Indirect ways
of arriving at great truths concerning
diet. The approximation is not with
out interest, although there is but one
safe and sound criterion, and that is
personal experiment. Each individual
is built differently from every other
Individual on earth, with combinations
of heredity and environment to enter
into the equation. But that there is
no need for us to fear the ravages of
a meat famine and that vegetarianism
offers such a pleasant and healthful
refuge is a source of peace to the mind
of the millions In whatsoever quarter
of the country.
to the fat averages 20 per cent
or less. In the wheat preparations
the proportion is about 13 to 75. in.
oats and other grains— corn, hominy,
buckwheat, etc.— the proportion is
about 12 to 75. With dairy products
— butter, milk, cheese, whey. etc. —
the Droportion is about 2 8 to 30. With
vegetables all the way down the long
list from artichokes to turnips, the
proportion of the muscle bulldins
commodity to the starch, fat, etc.. la
about 7 to 12. With fruits the pro
portion is in the neighborhood of 1
to 11. With nuts, about 15 to SO.
Some of the latter contain amazin?
percentages of muscle making ele
ment, such as pinenuts, butternuts
and peanuts, containing more than 23
per cent, while roast beef only con
tains 16 per cent. So lentils, peas and
beans contain more than 23 per cent
of muscle making nitrogenous food,
while mutton chops have but 19, and
can be thrice as easily digested as
the chops'.
York to members of the Vegetarian So
ciety, where more than twenty varieties
of dishes, including soup, bread, pastry,
fruit, jellies, coffee and candies, were
served, all made from bananas. The in
ventor claimed that armies and navies,
as well as explorers, could carry food
in banana form twelve times longer
than any other kind of food of the
same bulk, and that bananas if rightly
availed of would avert famine and star
vation from the face of the broad earth.
Numerous articles have been written
on the open secret of living on 5 to 30
cents a day, and many of these exposi
tions have a strong foundation In fact.
Indeed there are thousands of persons
who have reduced their diet to the min
imum, not on account of deficient
strength or a condition of ill health,
nor yet poverty, who are nevertheless
convinced that wheat, oats, beans, len
tils and all kinds of fruit and nuts are
far more nutritious than a meat diet.
The peasantry of Europe are'particu
larly strong for the reason that they
not only never overeat, but the greater
share of their diet consists of fruits and
vegetables— the Irish, for Instance, sur
viving largely on oatmeal and potatoes,
the Chinese on rice and the creatures
of the tropics on fruits and nuts. Con
trast this with the ordinary table d'hote
diner, who not only mixes, twelve to
fifteen different kinds of food at a meal,
but "washes It down" with cheap wine
and ice water.
The following will serve to contrast a
meat diet with one of cereals, fruit and
vegetables. It Is taken from the Gov
ernment reports:
In a meat diet the proportion of
nitrogenous (muscle-building) material
scattered through the city, where all
sorts of cereal and vegetable foods may
be found served up raw or in some ap
petizing form.
The pastor of the church is also pres
ident of the Vegetarian Society, a vet
eran of the craft, the Rev. Henry S.
Clubb, who has eschewed all forms of
animal diet for nearly four score years
and believes that he is good for a full
century. "Flesh eating animals are
shorter lived than those that live on
plant life." Is ' the reverend's creed.
"The elephant Is the strongest and
longest lived, the rhinoceros the heav
iest, the deer the swiftest and the
horse the most intelligent, all non-flesh
eating creatures. Why then may not
man, eschewing meat, attain a superior
degree of strength, live longer, expend
greater mental and physical energy and
achieve a higher degree of intellectual
ity?" The argument certainly seems
reasonable.
Some few years ago an American
traveler In South America was amazed
to discover the wanton waste of mil
lions of tons of bananas every year
enough nourishment to feed the entire
human family if properly used. He
made scientific tests, found that ba
nana flour was more than a hundred
times as nutritious as the same weight
of wheat flour and sixty times as pro
lific to the acre.
He went to work to build drying kilns
of the most approved plan, with the
end in view to take up a large percent
age of the banana crop that otherwise
went to waste. He also entered into
the scientific cookery side, and not long
since gave a banana dinner in New
partment at Washington, affirmed re
cently that "vegetarianism is the next
food fad of the century." The professor
continued: "Man is an omnivorous ani
mal, but meat is by no means essential
to health and strength. Twenty-five
per cent of the meat sold in the. open
market possesses little or no nutritive
elements." The leading argument in
favor of meat eating is based upon the
taste, which is largely extracted in the
oils, so that if we spread shavings with
sufficient gravy a dog will eat the dish,
while if we spread the same upon meat
from which all nutriment has been ex
tracted, leaving only the fibre, no more
health giving than sawdust, it will still
have a certain palatable' taste to hu
man, beings. "The cheapest cereals
corn, wheat, oats, rye, rice, etc. — pos
sess the highest degree of nutrition, to
gether with the heat and energy neces
sary for hard labor,"' says Professor
Wiley, "and it is remarked that in
times of war armies which are strongly
meat eaters work furiously only dur
ing the period of the , quick digestion
of the meat diet, whereas the cereal
dietarians possess far greater powers
of endurance."
It is probably in the Quaker town of
Philadelphia that vegetarianism finds
Us largest number of votaries, who are
not only votaries at the ehrine of
Ceres, but also proselytizers of the
most earnest order. Indeed, there are
established there libraries on vegeta
rian lore, periodicals on the cult, a
church— the only one in the world
where pastor, congregation, choir, sex
ton and bell ringer are all vegetarians
— and innumerable small restaurants
However, such is the history of every
crusade, and I have lived to see this
phase of the anti-meat movement suc
cued bej-ond my sanguine hopes, and
the enterprises are multiplying in every
large city of the Union.
"While economy recommends itself
to the hard working, cheapness is by
no means the main issue.
are frequenters of these vegetarian res
taurants as well as their under clerks.
In a cereal and fruit meal costing a
few cents it is possible to receive as
much nutriment and sustaining energy
as from a meal of meat costing ten
times as much, with the added ad
vantage that the man does not ex
pend so much energy in his digestive
process and is consequently able to
perform better, work with a clearer
head than he otherwise could do.
I have made a careful study of the
best diet for athletes in training as
well as for men in the intellectual
walks of life, 1 and I believe firmly that
the non-meat eaters surpass the om
niverous brethren, ai: things being
equal, in mind, body, forcefulness of
character and endurance."
Certainly Mr. McFaceen's own flne
physique would seem to cinch his ar
gument, for he is a veritable Samson.
Every week he and h:s corps of as
sistants make complete tours of hia
experimental stations, trying all the
foods to ascertain if the cookery is
up to the required standard, and of
fering prizes to his cooks for the most
palatable combinations of vegetable,
cereal, fruit and nut products.
No less an authority than Professor
Wiley, chemist of the Agricultural De-
And thrive he has, even to the tak
ing on of many pounds avoirdupois
and recovering ambition enough to
display his dietary preferences before
many thousands in a dime museum
rather than to found a scientific Insti
tution teaching the same extreme
panacea for the ills of the dyspeptic.
Nevertheless. Mr. Santos, the grass
eater, has already many followers, and
experiments are being made to dis
cover Just how much virtue there is %\
fate claim that among the many varie
ties of common grass there are some
which have a wholesome and others
an unwholesome effect upon the sys
tem, some acting as a physic and some
88 a druy. some sweet and some bit
ter, some insipid and some aromatic
and luscious to the taste.
Bernard McFadden, the New York
athlete, seems to think that the Span
iard's claim to have discovered the vir
tue in plain park grass is worthy of
some serious consideration. '"Why
not?" remarked Mr. McFadden, who is
an apostle of the fruit and nut doc
trine of diet, "when we all know that
there is great nourishment in grass,
else why should the grass eating crea
tures of the field be so strong, so agile
end so healthy. For myself, I have ar
gued the virtue of uncooked foods, fruit
and nuts for many years and have
trained severely on these life sustain
ers all my career as a wrestler and
athlete.
"When I started my physical culture
experimental stations throughout New
York, I was assailed on every side.
Brooklyn the only diet upon which he
could thrive.
23%¦ Patrick Kelleher, a teamster, fell
from his wagon at the crossing •- of
Fillmore and Eddy, streets yesterday
afternoon and sustained internal^ in
juries "which may result fatally. '.'. '
Teamster Thrown From Wagon.
Justice of the Peace Dunn yesterday
gave judgment in favor of the Chutes, 1
which was sued by Louis Steinman for
$200 on an alleged breach of contract.
Steinman is the man who unlocks
handcuffs by some 'mysterious method
and a condition of his engagement was
that he should open any handcuff' put
on his wrists. The testimony disclosed
while showing at one of the minor
theaters W. A. Dawes produced a pair
of -handcuffs which Steinman -was un
able to unlock and- the Chutes man
agement thereupon refused to put him
on its programme.
"Handcuff" Man Loses Suit.
Branchv Hydrographlc Offtce. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San .Francisco, Cal.,
October 15, 1004.
The Time Ball on -the tower of the Ferry
building TC a» dropped exactly at noon to-day-*
1. e., at noon of the 120th ¦ meridian: or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
. Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge. \
Time Ball.
The Dutch ship Europa, which made port on
Friday, was chartered prior to arrival for
wheat and barley to Europe at 22s 6d.
Xoticc .to Mariners.
SAN PABLP BAT— CALIFORNIA.
fLlst of Lights. Buoys and Daymarks. Pa
cific Coast. 1904, page 26.)
Notice Is hereby given. that on or about No-
AJgoa's Huge Cargo.
The Pacific Mail's big freighter Al
poa, which sails for the Orient October
21, Is loading her cargo. It will take
15,000 tons to fill her up and she will
carry this quantity of freight when she
steams away. Despite the poor facili
ties on the old, out-of-date Pacific Mall
dock, that company is handling in the
briefest time an enormous amount of
United States Coast ar.d Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street whajf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. OCTOBER 16.
Sun rises ..6:19
Sun sets k 5:32
Moon gets 11:55 p. m.
O Time ITImel |Tlmei~ Time
» Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
» H W |L W| |H W| L W
16 0:15 4.5111:20 3.2 5:17 4.5 ..I
L W lH W L W H W
17 0:00 0.C 7:15 4.612:40 8.1 6:18 4.3
IS 0:52 0.8 8:02 4.0j 1:38 2.7 7:27 4.2
19 1:42 1.0 8:41 5.012:28 2.2 8:26 4.2
20 2:27 1.2 9:18 5.21 3:09 1.9 D:19 4.4
21 3«S." l.S 9:48 5.1! 3:47 1.5I1O:O6| 4.«>
22 | 3:381 1.5|10:17| 0.1| 4:21 l.l|10:50| 4.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of th« tides
the early morninx tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The ) heights given «t in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
elgn precedes the height, and then the number
fiven is subtracted from the depth given by
he charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
I of the lower low waters.
XEYVS OF THE OCE^V.
The oil-carrying ship Marion Chilcott
has arrived in Honolulu from this port
after a trip of eleven and a half days.
She carried 16,000 barrels of oil.
The big Kosmos steamer Ammon,
from Europe, South and C«ntral Amer
ica, is due here to-day.
Advices from London announce that
the British steamer Heatherbank, from
Bary for Manila, has arrived at Fal
mouth with steam steering gear dam
aged, stanchions broken and cargo be
tween decks shifted.
Water Front Xotes.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 15.
Stmr South Bay, Anderson, 30 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson,? hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr Gualala, Kalnln. 12 hours from Del
mar Landing.
Stmr Alcazar, "Winkel, 15 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr James S HlKglns. Hlgglnft, 15 hours
from Fcit Brass, bound eouth; put In to land
passengers.
Slmr Brooklyn. Carlson. 15 hours from Men.
doclno.
Br bark Brodick Castle. Oleen. 142 days fm
PiBagrua. via Honolulu 23 days.
Ger bark Stelnbek. Gertu, 65 days from
Newcastle. Aus.
Schr Rcinertsen. 12 hours from
¦ Stewarts Point. ¦ •. -
Schr Gco E Billings. Anderson, 64 d»ys from
lO-A-castle. Aus.
CLEARED.
Saturday, October 15.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka; Pac Coast
S S Co.'
Stmr Argyll, Gilboy, Honolulu; Union Oil Co.
Stmr Newport, Trask. Ancon. via Mexican
and Central American ports; Pac Mall S S Co.
f SAILED.
Saturday, October IB.
Stmr Newport. Trask, Ancon. etc.
Strnr Bee. Webman, Grays Harbor.
Ptmr Eureka. Jeesen. Eureka.
Stmr laqua, Jorgenson. Astoria.
Br ship Durbridge. V/annelt Astoria.
Br ship Whttlleburn, Bartlett. Queenstown.
Fr bark Alice. Tlssier. Plum (New Cale
donia.)
Schr Jennie Griffith. Gibson, Bolinas.
Schr Jennie Wand. Cbristianaen, Grays Har
bor.
SPOKEN.
Xo date — Lat 27 4S S. long 33 W. ship
Aryan, from Honolulu for Delaware Break
water.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Oct 12.
WINSLOW— Sailed Oct IB — Bark Hesper,
for Hoadsport.
REDONDO- Sailed Oct 15 — Schr W J Pat- 1
ter*on for Grays Harbor.
TATOOSH— 1'assed Oct 15— Bktn Jamea
Tuft, from Honolulu for Port Townsend; brig"
W G Irwin, hence, Oct 9 for Roche Harbor;
schr Espada, from Everett for San Pedro;
etmr Robert Dollar, from Mukllteo for San
Pedro; schr Fearless, from Beillngham for.
San Pedro: schr Ruth E Godfrey. • from San
Pedro for Port Townsend. . . . .
CLALLAM BAY— In port Oct 15 — Ship J B
Thomas, from Port Gamble for Sydney,
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 15— Ship Ar
thur Sewall, from Shanghai. via Port Towns
end. ' .
COOS BAY — Sailed Oct 15 — Stmr Signal, for
San Francisco. • , ,/
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Oct 14— Schr Fear
less, for San Pedro.
EVERETT— Sailed Oct 14-rSchr Espada for
San Pedro.
MUK ILTEOi-Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Pedro. • • ¦• •
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Oct 15— Chll
bark Ejna Louisa, for Valparaiso. --' -
EASTERN PORTS.- .'., .
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Xeiras
kan. fcr Ban Diego. . . . • ¦-. ..;" .«-...
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Oct 14— Ship A
G Ropes, for Hongkong'. ' -
ISLAND PORTS.
. MANILA— Arrived Oct 12— Span: strar All*
caste, from ¦ Liverpool.
The four-masted schooner Georpre
Billings. Captain Anderson, arrived in
port yesterday. €4 days from Newcas
tle, Australia. She brings a cargo of
1S0O tors of coal. On April 20, while
bound from Adelaide to Newcastle, she
was run ashore in Waratah Bay. South
AustraJra, to save her from sinking at
sea. Jn a fierce blow, accompanied
v.ith high seas, the vessel had labored
till the hull wes strained to the leak
ing point, and the water poured into
her. Captain Andeison ran for the
coast and the schooner was grounded
on a *andy beach. Temporary repairs
were made, and on May 5 she was
Coated at high tide and taken to New
castle. The vessel is owned by the
George E. Billings Company of this
city.
Return of the Billings.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The tank steamer Argyll was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu with ' 24.500 barrels of
crude oil in bulk, valued at $34,300.
Shipment of Crude Oil.
The overdue ship Francesca Ciampa,
147 days from Swansea to Iquique, with
reinsurance of 5 per cent, has been
spoken, and is consequently off the
delay list.
The vessels yet to be heard from are
as follows: German ship Sirene, 138
days from Liverpool to Valparaiso, 45
per cent: British ship Andrata, 164 days
from Sydney to Falmouth, 10 per cent;
British ship Eivion, 124 days from Liv
erpool to Valparaiso, 5 per cent; Italian
ship Rosalia Ali, 153 days from New
Caledonia to Delaware Breakwater, 5
per cent.
list of Overducs.
The Pacific Mai! steamship Newport
departed at noon yesterday for Pan
ama and Mexican ar.d Central Ameri
can ports with passengers and freight.
The following cabin passengers were
on board: F. A. de Villa. C. A. Calk
in?, E. Mizgcr, F. A. Walraven, Mrs. R.
Taus^ie, Mips Elsa Taussig, R. Asturia
and wife, R. H. Mason. Dr. E. H. An
thony; R. Maximin. Alfred Xanee, wife
and son; R. Guiriola, wife and
two children; Mrs. Cordelia Guir
iola, Mrs. Luz Prendes, C R. Melen
drz, A. Arnhold, G. F. Johnson, F. B.
Wells. M. R. Hayner. G. R. Bridgman.
There were thirty whites and fifteen
Chinese in the steerage.
Newport Sails South.
Nun's tucks and bertha suspenders
are the correct thing for a skirt to
wear with shirt waists.
America Maru to Celebrate.
There will be "banzais" many and
loud to-day on the Japanese liner
America Maru, now moored at the Pa
cific Mail dock. The white vessel will
be covered in color, for every flag, ex
cept that of the Czar, and every piece
of bunting in the ship will be flutter
ing: in the breeze. It will be a celebra
tion for the great defeat of Kuropatkin
at the recent battle of Yentai, and the
brown people of the Maru. with th'j
whitp officers of the Mikado, will re
joice in the belief that Russia's finish
in Manchuria has begun. Captain
Coin? of the Maru gives the Russians
another month in Port Arthur, and
thinks there will not bs much left of
the war when his ship gets back to
Japan. **
The Merchants' Association yester
day filed a petition with the Supervis
ors that -steps be taken to cause all
siirns and transparencies now standing
on the outer half of sidewalks in
violation of the law to be removed.
Attention is called to the fact that the
temporary injunction issued some time
a?ro to prevent the Board of Public
Works from removing the few remain
ing signs has been dismissed.
Wants' Signs Removed.
freight. Under the able supervision of
Chief Stevedore Wilson more than
28.000 tons have been moved in the last
ten days.
The steamer Newport sailed yesterday for
the Isthmus of Panama and way ports with
a general merchandise cargo, valued at 185,
"50, to be distributed as follows: For Mex
ico, f 10,141; Central America, $44,286; Pan
ama, $2433; New York, $24,712; Colombia,
$490; Peru. $2898; Ecuador, §105; Trinidad
"island, ?«0O; Germany, ?85. The following
were the leading exports:
To Mexico— 150 flasks quicksilver, 13,900 ft
lumber, 15 pkgs machinery, 20 pkes electrical
fcupnii^s, C:> sheets steel, 1401 lbs tin, 4 bales
bars, 0 pkgs plumbing supplies, 12 pkgs po
tatoes and onions, 4 bbls flour. 27 gals whis
ky. 66 pkgs fresh fruits, SOS gals wine, 43 pkgs
paste. 11 cs canned goods, 5 cs mineral water,
'M cs olives, 3 pkgs provisions.
To Central America— 2812 bbls flour, 5110 ctls
corn, 49,330 lbs rice, 13,3*9 lbs beans, 400 ctls
barley. 173 pkgs groceries and provisions, 2524
E-a!s 93 cs wine, 18 pkgs beer, 228 lbs sugar,
fi2t> !bs (jplcfs, 27 cs »almcn, l'i pkgs onions,
2W5 pkgs potatoes. 80 pkgs fresh fruits, 440 lbs
tea, OG cs canned goods, 8 pkgs table prepara
tions. 1021 lbs ralelns, 799 lbs dried fruit, 12
pkgs paste, 10 bales hay, 1402 lbs 2 cs bread,
7 cs mineral water, S0.S16 lbs tallow, 65.US6
lbs scda, 66,247 ft lumber, 22,752 lbs cement,
llo pkes paints and oils, 5 coils rope, 35 bales
bags, h pkgs drugs, 3M cs coal oil, 40 aks coke,
3 pkgs machinery, 15 Mis 34 pes steel, 2 flasks
quk-UMlver. 6 bdls 20 bars iron, 100 reels wire,
21 pkgs nails and spikes, 30 cs tar.
To Panama — 11.23U lbs sugar,- 150 crts
onion*. 150 crto carllc, 50 crta potatoes, 30 cs
canned goods, 100 bxs soap.
To New York— 64,041 gals wine, 80,500 lbs
boneblack, lt<,5S5 lbs dry hides, 50 gals brandy.
To Colombia — 1008 gals wine.
To Peru — 23 pkgs machinery.
To Ecuador— 25 bbls flour.
To Trinidad Island — 150 cs canned salmon.
To Germany — 12 cs honey.
Kxports by the Newport.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of
Peking arrived yesterday from Panama
ar.d way ports. She had good weather,
but reports a fierce hurricane recently
on the Mexican coast. At T.lanzanillo
September 2S the breakwater was badly
damap-cd, and at San Blcs many houses
and other property wore destroyed.
The following are the cabin passen
frers: Charles R. Hutchings and wife.
Mm Mary E. Latta. Mrs. Jessie L>.
Haekstaff. John II. Tosney. John W.
Kerr, Ernin J. Reynolds. Mi°s Bertha
Tatinan. Miss Elizabeth Tatman, Rob
ert V. MrKie, Mrs. Joy McKie and Miss
Har.ni Schroeder.
Cily of Peking Arrive*.
<Li?t of Light, Buoy* and Daymarks, Pa
cific Coast. li>04, page 28.)
Xotice'is hereby given that on or about No
vember 1. 1904, a bell buoy, painted black,
will be established off Arrny Point. Sulsun
Bay. Cal.. in 40 feet of water, on the follow
ing bcarinKs: Government -wharf. SW 1OOO
feet; Army Point pumping station, XW by W,
200 feet.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY. Commander, U. S. X..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
SttlSUJC BAT
vember 1. 10C4. a bell buoy, painted black and
white perpendicular stripes, will be substi
tuted for lower mid-channel whistling: buoy
In 32 feet of water to mark the channel of
best watef over the shoal ground of San
Pablo Bay Cal.
FIVK MASTED SCHOONER GEORGE E.
BILLINGS. WHICH ARRIVED .YES
TERDAY FROM NEWCASTLE.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ¦ From. I • Due.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor iOct. 16
City Peking.. New York via Ancon.. IOct. 16
Meteor Seattle- • IOct. 16
Centralla Grays Harbor IOct. 16
Elizabeth Coquille River 'Oct. 16
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Oct. 1«
Breakwater... Coos Bay 'Oct. 16
Arctic .. .. Humbo!dt ' iOct. 1«J
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts.lOct. lfl
Jeanle... Seattle & Tacoma 'Oct. 17
Ftn:* of Cal...|San DIpro & Way Pts.lOct. 17
Pomona I Humboldt 'Oct. 17
Chlco jCoqullie P.lver |Oc?. 17
W. Kruger Humboldt '• 'Oct. 17
Alliance Portland & Way Port3. Oct. 18
Queen ! Puset Sound Ports. ;. .|Oct.- IS
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. -!Oct. IS
Kureka Humboldt ..JOct. IS
Wellington... Oyster Harbor .iOct. 19
Del Norte Crescent City :<Oct. in
S.Barbara Sai Pedro -^ 'Oct. ; ,19
San Jose Sew York via Ancon.. .Oct. Ifi
Aurella. Portland A Astoria !Oet. 19
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. ! Oct. 10
Arcata Coos Bay &. Pt. OrfordlOct. 19
North Fork... Humboldt !Oct. 20
Homer San • Pedro jO<!t. 20
Corona.' Humboldt Oct. 20
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Oct. 20
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Oc'. 20
Argo Eel River Ports |Oct. 1>1
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .. .|Oct. 21
S. Dollar Yokohama IOct. 21
Coos Bay..... Pan Pedro A Way Pts.lOct. 21
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports. .. JOrt. 23
Newbur* Grays Harbor ...IOct. 2*
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma JOct. 23
Alameda...... Honolulu Oct. 2S
Doric . China *: Japan iOct. 25
City Panama. New York via Ancon.. Oct. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports IOct. 27
TO SAIL.. ~~
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
October 16. I
J. Hlgglns.. 1,0s Angeles Ports. Ill am Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 12 m Pier 2;>
Centralia... Los Angeles Porta.flO am Pier 10
Corona Humbol<!t |l:S0pPier 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 17.
Samoa L O * Angeles Ports. 10 amIPIer 2
Coronado... Grny* Harbor .... 4 pmiPler If
Umatllla... Puget Eound Ports. |11 am | Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
October 18.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier It
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8 ;
October 19. ' ¦ .
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor '.. 4 pm Pier 20
Rainier.... Seattle & Bellnghrn 4 pm Pier 10
Amer. Maru China & Japan.... I pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Plfr 2
S.Barbara.. Grays Harbor :. 4 pmiPler 2
Chlco Coquille River ....| 1- pmfPler 2
Pomona.... Humboldt il:30p|Pler 9
October 20. I I
Eureka Humboldt ;...l 9 amlPler 13
Northland.. Astoria & Portland| 5 pm Pier 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts.l 2 pm Pier 7
Mariposa... Tahiti direct Ill am Pier 7
Ntcavia Hamburg & Way.. 10 am'Pier 20
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B |pier l«
Pomo Pt. Arena ft Albion « pmiPier 2
State or Cal San Diego & Way. 9amjPier 11
¦ October 31. ¦ : ¦
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
October 22.
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports: 11 am Pier 9
City Peking. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella Astoria &**PortIand 5 pm Pier 27
October 23.
N. Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 20
October 24. |
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandjll am Pier 21
October 25. I I **
China China &. Japan.... | 1 pm 1 Pier 40
Algoa China & Jaoan I. ... ..IPier 40
October 27. I |
City Puebla • Puget Sound Ports. [11 amiPief 9
¦ FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. | Saila
Santa Ana.... Seldovia & Way Ports. Oct. 16
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 18
Movements of Steamers.
Attorney Frank J. Murphy, on behalf
of William Buckley,, under sentence of
death for the murder of George W.
Rice, a non-union machinist, at Twen
tieth and Howard streets on October 11,
1901, forwarded to Governor Pardee yes
terday a petition asking for a further
reprieve of thirty days. The date now
fixed for the execution ia October 28.
Accompanying the petition were two
affidavits. One was by Alfred Rosen
holtz, a chemist, living at 2995 Folsom
street. He alleges that he was on the
same car as Rice and on the side on
which the phots were fired. He heard
two shots behind him, and turning
round he saw Rice's body on the
ground and a man blazing away at the
body. He had a good look at the man,
who wore a black hat, black coat and
black trousers. He was heavily' built,
square-shouldered, weighed about ISO
pounds, broad face and dark, florid
complexion.. Rosenholtz noticed the
maji running away and he had a roll-
Ing gait. The reason he had kept quiet
so long was that he had an aversion to
getting mixed up in such a case.
The importance of this affidavit is the
discrepancy between Buckley's appear
ance and dress and the man alleged by
Rosenholtz to have fired the shots.
Buckley at the time wore a gray hat
and gray trousers and weighed about
140 pounds. His face is not broad and
his complexion is light.
The other affidavit was by Detective
T. L. Ryan. He avers that two or three
days after the murder he was informed
that John Gran field, who lived on How
ard street, between Sixth and Seventh,
had done the -clubbing, and that
"China" Copland, who lived "on Fulton
street, between Larkln and Polk, had
done the shooting. Ryan went to both
places and found that the men had dis
appeared on the night of the murder.
Copland had been on picket duty at the
Union Iron Works up to October 10, the
day prior to the murder, but had failed
to report for duty next morning. He
was convinced that Buckley did not fire
the shots, and offered to go before the
Governor and make a full explanation.
Murphy says he will send the Gov
ernor more affidavits from passengers
on the car In a few days.
Alfred ltosenholtz. Chemist,
and Detective T. L. Eyan
Believe in His Innocence
Street has a wife, but no children.
Mrs. Street is not living in this city at
present. It is believed that the missing
captain played the races and quietly
launched himself on a career that made
him a deserter and a defaulter.
"Well. Mr. Burke," he said, "I can't
go with you any farther. I have con
cluded to remain ashore. You have a
fair start, so take the ship to San
Francisco and turn her over to the
owner. Guess I'll not see you again, so
good-by."
To the astonished mate's queries the
deserting skipper made not a single ex
planation. He called the sma-11 boat
alongside, went over the ship's side and
was rowed to the tug, which returned
to Newcastle. Burke took command of
the vessel and navigated her to this
port.
Captain C. Ryder, who owns the El
w?!l, said last evening that he knew
no reason for Street's strange deser
tion cf the ship, as he was known to
be a level-headed navigator and an ex
perienced seaman.
"But there is a clew," added Captain
Ryder, "which may clear the way. All
the freight money in the ship went with
the runaway. How much is missing I
cannot tell, hih it will be a considerable
loss I am afraid. I never knew Street
to dissipate and do not know when or
where he squandered that money. I
suppose he did this, however, and was
afraid to come home and face the mu
sic."
Captain A. F. WV Street deserted his
ship, the Elwell, six miles outside of
Newcastle, Australia, on August 6.
With the recreant skipper went all the
freight money aboard the vessel. The
Elwell was about to start on her trip
for this port.
The Elwell arrived here yesterday
with 2100 tons of coal, seventy days
from Newcastle, in charge of Chief Of
ficer Burke. Burke says they were
towed out to sea from Newcastle Aug
ust 6. He noticed a shore boat and a
boatman towing astern of the ship as
*-he passed out to sea, and he learned
that the boat was there by the cap
tain's order.
Ater the Elwell was well clear of the
land and was beginning to make sail
Captain Street surprised his officers by
appearing on deck with his overcoat on
hi£ arm and a small valise with him.
NEW . YORK— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr New
York, from Southampton.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Phila
delphia, from New York.
KOBE — Arrived Oet 10 — Br stmr Ardova,
from New York.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 14— Br stmr
Caithness, from Port Townsend.
OALLAO^ — Arrived Oct 11— Br stmr Coyo,
from New York.
TENERIFFE-vArrived Sept 28— Ger stmr
Anubls. from Hamburg: for San Franciaco.
VALPARAISO — Arrived Sept 2S— Ger stmr
Luxor, hence July 16 for Hamburg.
ANCON — Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Acapulco, he
Sept 10.
ANJER— Passed Oct 5 — Br ship Norwood,
from Manila for ,8t Helena.
ISLE OF WldHT— Passed Oct IS— Br ehlp
EprlnBbank. from Shields for San Francisco.
IQUIQUE: — Arrived Oct 15 — Ital bark Fran
cisco Ciampl, from Swansea.
TSINTAU — Arrived Oct 14— Schr El Dorado,
from Astoria. Or. '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 14— Bktn Encore,
from Newcastle Aus.
Sailed Oct 14^-Stmr Enterprise, for HIlo.
H1LO — Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Enterprise, he
Oct 2 via Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLLECTING EVIDENCE
Mate Barke Brings
the Elwell Here
From Newcastle
Declares That His
Superior Officer
Is an Embezzler
Petition Sent to the Gov
ernor Asking- a Further
Keprieve of Thirty Days
NEW AFFIDAVITS
FAVOR BUCKLEY
Says Ship's Captain Deserted With Frdght Money
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY, OCTOBER;; 16, 1905.
24
OCEAN TRAVEL.
-^Jc^j*. Steamers leave Broadway
i ,^?5^- 1 -SsSv wharven (piers 9 and 11),
ArtcL San Francisco:
/Q.7 Tttja «s». VU\ For K<»tcl-iikan. Wransf:,
I I \»L*S> I I -'un^au, Treadwelis. Halne^.
I V INkn / Skagway, etc.. Alaska— 11
: V*2v\l ?OV a - m - °ctob«r 12, 17. 22, 27,
VSSs*l_^/y/ Nov. 1. Change to this com-
\^Afga\#/ pany's ?tfam»T3 at Prattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, IJverett,
1 South Bellinpham, Belllnjrham — 11 a. m., Oct.
12, 17. 22. 27. "Nov. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to Gi P. Rv.
! For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
in. m., October 13, 19, 25, 31, Nov. 6. Corona,
1:30 p. m., October 4. 10. lti. 22. 2S. Nov. 3.
For Los Angelca (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dieco and Santa Barbara —
Santa RoVa. Sundays. f> a. m.
State of California, Thurndays. 1> a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and Ka?t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara,- Santa Cru:, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 0 a. m., October 14. 22. 30. Nov. 7.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m.. October 10, 18. 20. Nov. 3,
For Knsensda, Magdalena Bay, San Jcse del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santn Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change st?am»r» or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Mork»t «t..and Broad-
way 'wharves.' Preiffht Office 10 Market st.
C D. DUKANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
The .Pacific Transfer Co.. 2t> Sutter st., will
call for and check baggage frcm hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO->
6toam»rs will leave Pacltlo Mall wharf, cor-
ner First end Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* at
Kobe (Hloco). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing. ¦ '
6. 8. AMERICA MARU..
Wednesday. October 1». 1B04
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at redact
rates. For fretrht and passage appty at Com-
nany'a offlcc. 421 Market ntr«et. corner First.
, ~S W. H. AVF.P.T. General A^ent.
AAAQnlAff C aTA "»*ftlt, "KM, "•
8CCaniCS.5X0. satvaute
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Oct. 20. 11 a.m.
s' S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Knrk-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 p. m.
S S. ALAMEDA, for. Honolulu. Oct. 29 Jl a.m.
J.D.SFRECKELS&BR03. CO.. Afll.TiCfttOlajn IK-
fat Freight Cffica 329 Karj^st St.. Pier?, Pacill; n
COKPAGStB QE3ES&L3 TRAH3ATL45TI3I1
DIRECT LIND TO HAVRE-PARIS jr.**—
Balling every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. ro.. from Pier 42. *¦ -
North River, foot of Morton tt.
Ftrfct clas« to Havre. $70 and upward. &*•
end claei to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATKS AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
N«w Tork J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coat:
Agents 6 Montgomery avenue. San FrancUco.
Tickets' mid by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
TOILS, NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
-STEAMEB hTX CORCORAN <
Leaves 8.' F.', Clay it'. N end of Ferry bldg..
dally 9:30 a.' ra., 3 and *8 p. m. Sundays,
U:SO a. m.. 8 p. m., leave Vallejo daily 6:50
a." m.. 12:20 and B:80 p. m. Sundays 5 p. m.
Fare 25c. P. A. Q. Ca Phone Main 641.
•Saturdays excepted. . . <.
' For tr. 8. Jf»ry Tard and Vallejo.
£trs. General Friable, Montlcello and Arrow.
0:45 a.m.. 12:80 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:15 a-ta..
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 pm. 'Leave Vallejo, 7
a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m. Sun-
days. T a.m., 9 a.m.. 8:20 pm., 6 p.m. Plsr 2.
ft MiisioQst.; phone Main 1B08. HATCH BROS
RAILWAY TKAVETj.
Sf^^C ALI F ORNIA $2
BLIlVilTED TO CHIC<VCOH
3 LEAVES MONDAYS tndTHURSOiTi I
Hat fj:3O a. m, ttrourh ia 3 <l *y > .ra
Hwltb diner and all trappings. 1-1
rYnTTTrTTTTTitfflTKftfsitfli^aaM
Other Saate *•• Trains:
a -SO a! mil ror 6tockton » Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m. J Uerced. Uaaford and Vlsalla,
4:00 p. m. for Stocktoa.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicaco. «
TICKET OmCES — 641 Market St. and
Tcrrr Depot. S. T. Alao 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 Souta rir»t St,
San Joae.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Perry — Tcot of -Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAW BATAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:3O. 9:uo. ll:oO a- m.; l-':3A.
8:30. 0:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra- trip
at 11:30 D. in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 8:20. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. ra.
i SAW BATASL TO SAW FKANCX3CO.
¦UEKK DAYS— «:l»5. 7:53. 7:6O. »:2O. H:1»
a. m.; 12:SO. 3:40, S:OO. 3:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 0:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:0i>. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
I 4:03, 8:05, 6:23 p. m.
¦ Leave 1 \n Effect I Arrlv*
Ean Francisco. IOct. 2. 19OI.| San Frandaco.
Week J Sun7~j |~Sun- I We-k
; Days. ( day.«. I Destination. I days. | Day*.
• :30am b:0Oam 6:10atnl S :40am
!):?.0am Icnacio 10:40amjlO:?0am
I 3:30Tm S:30pm B:n5pml «S:2Opai
i 6 :10pm 5:00pm 7:33ptnl
! 1 :3Qam 8:10am 8:40atn
I ' 8:00am Novsto 10:40am 10:20am
I S :30pm 9:30am Petaluma 6:05pm H :203m
i 6:10pm 3:30pm and' 7:33pm
! " 5:00pm Santa Rosa •
! T JOam ~ 10:40am 10:20am
t S:00am Fulton 7:33pm 6:^0pm
! 3 :80rm 8 :30pm
j Windsor |
i T:S0am 8:00ann Healdsburs 13:40am 10:20am
; Lytton
! 8:30pm 3:30pm Geyserville 7:33pm 6:20pm
! Clo%erdale
I 7.3Oam| &:00am| iSpUnd |la:40ani|10:20am
8:30pm| 3:30pm! and Uklah I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
" T pVllllts and I I
7:S0am! 8:00am| Sherwood I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
7:30aml 8:0Oam| [10:40am|10:2Oam
3:30pm| 3:30pm| Guernevllle | 7::t5pml tf:20pm
"7:3Oam| 8:0Uam| Sonoma "I 0:10am| t«:40«m
6:10pm| 5:00pm| On Kllen I «:05pm! t>:20pm
¦ "7:30am| 8:00am| ' l" 1 -^* 1 "! 1 ? 1^™
I S:30pm| S:30pm| Sebastopol | 7:30pm| 6:^0pm
; £T AUKS' connect at Green Braa for Saa
I Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
1 fcprinns and Mark West Springs: at Lytton for
Lytton Sprlngs< at Geyservllle for Skazsi
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booue-
i vllle and Greenwood: at Hoplar.d for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. CarU-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport, Barxlet:
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs; at UkiaJi
tor Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blu»
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake. Pomo. Potter Val>y. John Day s.
I Riverside, Lierly's. Bucknells. Sanhedrla
1 Heights. Hullville. Orr 1 * Hot Springs. Halfway
! Hcuse. Comptcbf. Hopkins, Mendaclnc City
Fort Brags. W*stport and Usal;. at Wlllits
fcr Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
i Brarg. Cahto. Covel^ Laytonville. Can-
roinii Bells Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frult-
Und. 'Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5. Pepjwrtrood,
8C Eat1ir3ay to Monday round-trip tickets at rt-
dU OT| d Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. ChronlcU
FKAZIER. R. X. RYAN
Oen. Manager. G«n. Pass. Art.
iWC!£?^yyT^j<«Ci?T ywrjjj XO tJxili l\fii iiuLf
1 R0SS VALLEY -
liilllliii MILL VALLEY '
CAZADERO, Htc.
5j^^^^^^;-^SM« via Sauiallto Perry
SUBURBAN' SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7-o.i
,. 46 1:25. 9:10. 9:6O. 11:00 a. m. : 1:43 3:?^
l£l'. 6:l&. 6 -SO. «:30. 7:15. 9:00 and U^
'"Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t«-*o
7-36 8:15. »:». 9:25. 10:50 a. m.; 1 :3 $ 'S:^.
i : .25. 6:05. 6:42. 6:22. «:57. 7:40 and' u?&
P 'tDally exceot Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. ra.: also Sat-
i urday* at 8il5 p. ro.. and dally except Sat or -
i day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazaderoi
•tc. • " /
5:15 p. m.\ daily, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for TomaUs. etc. "
. TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market »t.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st. j
= j
jrjtfS&^bSi MEHWDWOHEiisj
«rfwgmrCC^£&^|a UiaBigOforuooatcrai
iffoSiTtn lui dtrv^S dltcharges, inflammations,
BKftijf O««r»nt.ad jS irritations or nlceratloas
KJNfcJR n»» !• «rli)t»rt. o* mucoi) membranes.
|y S Trmatt Cs.t««l.». Pminieis, nnd aot aitrin-
IffZlTHEEnHSCHEMlCAlCO. ««nt or pouononc
%£& C!MUIMTl,O.SroH Sold kj DratsUU,
\H£ji*L V.5.A. 1 * or lent in plain wrapper.
2w!j&BSlJ: dTT^* by azpreis, prepaid, tot
VQmHWcfQ ») 00. or * to'.tlis I3.7&.
¦• k circular sect oa raaaeat
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN'A BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strersth to sexual organs." Depot. 323 Market.
j^Tfr^^ Train* !•»,?«" mnd »r» «ln«
/^3^<Tn->jv\. to «rrlT» at
u5|pHZ) SAN FRANCISCO.
V^V J^Yy 0/ '* OSI OcT0BIB *• 1W4-
(Toot of Market Street >
»at» -. MAIN LINE. -amiVT
700a V«c»TlUe. Wimen. Kim«ey 760»»
700a Benlrta, Elmlra tnd 8»cramento.. 7.2Cf»
730a V»llrjo. N'ap*. C'allstozx SaaU
Kom. Mtrtiaez, Saa Rtmoi 6 20»
7.J0A Ntlem. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... 7.20*
8 00a Shasta Ezpre**— (Via Darla).
Wlil!am». Wlllowi, tFruto. Ited
BlnS. Portland. Tacoma. Seatti« 7-50>
8 CCa DaTli,Wcoi1lKBd, Knlzhts Laodlag.
... Mary»Tille. Oro»llle 7.50*
¦¦30a Port Cotta, Martlaex. Anltoeh.
Bjron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
mm. Los Bam*. Mendota.
ArmoDa. Haafurd. Vtialta.
Porterrllle «.?0»
B 30a Port Cot'n. Modeato. Me reed.
Freino, Oogftrn ,Iaoct:on, Bs**
ford, Vlialla. nakersfietd * 5B»
8 30 a JJIieii. Sa;» Jose. M»erraore. Stock-
too, (tMIltnn), lose. Surr ini»nta.
M*rj»Tlll<?. Chicn. Ked Bluff .... 4 20»
8 30 a Oakdale. Chtaete. Jameituvn. 3>
norn. Tnolumne and Anirel* 420o
9 00a Atlantic Ezpreit— Oirdpn »n J E»««. 5 20P
•-30a Ktchmond. Martinez and Way
Station! 8 50^
10 GOATS* OTerland Limited — ogden.
Omnh 1. Chicnso, Uenver, Kansat
City. St. Lou!» 8 20s»
10.C0A V.ilejo 12.20*
IP-GOaLo* Anrrsrs. r»Mrnger — Port
Costa, Murttnez. nyron, Tracy,
L-ithrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kaytnond. Freino. Gosben Junc-
tion. lUnfortl. Lfmoorf, Vlaal!a.
Bakersfleld. Lo» Angeirs 7.20»
12.00m Bnyward. Nile* and War Stations. 3-20s»
IVOOPSicrsincDtoKiTcrStearoeri til. 00?
3 3CP Dfnlrti«. Winters. Racramento.
Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MaryiTllle. OroTllle and way
stations 10-BOa
J.3Cp nityward.Nlles and tVay Stations.. 7 5Ci»
4.0CPMarttner.S»nRi»mon.V«i:cJo,i;apa»
CaltstOBS. Santa Kosa 3 20a
4 CCp >.*[lrs. Tracy. Stoc. Uton.J.o.il 10.20a
4 3CP]iarward. Kites. Irrlngtoa, Sna) tSSOA
.lose. Llrermore ) :11.50a
6 CCp The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banos. M«-n<lo;a. Fresno. Tatars,
BafcersOehl. I.os Angeles 8-BOa
t5 30p liayward. Mlea and ban Jose 7 20*
E CCp llaywanl. Mleannd Sun Jow 9.&0A
6 00p Eastern Express — Omabu. Cbtcano.
Denrer. Kansa* City. St. Loula.
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento^
Col fax, Ueno. SparltH, TonopaH,
Kecer. D«den 1250*
i.OCp Valiejo, daily, except Suuday.... » T K n<.
70Cp Vallejo, Sunday onlr f '• 3UP
7 CCp hiebmund. Sun P*t>lo. Port Costa,
Mnrtlnex an it \X*j Stattona 11 20a
t C5p I'ort Costa. Martlncx. Ojroa.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Bcrenaa, Fresno aad
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20P
8-0jp Tooemlte Valley, via Cerenda and
Wawona (Monday. Wedaexlay
•nd Krldsy) 850a
8 C5p Martlner. Tracy. Stocktoa 10.20a
606p Uregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvtlle. Redding.
Portland. 1'uget Sound nnd Kaat. 8.50a
V.IOp Hay ward. Mies and Sau Jose (iua-
, d«Tonly) 11.50a
COAST LINE Oarrow «ang»).
(Foot of Murltct Street.)
S-15A Newark. CenterTtTie. Saa Joia,
Kelton, Coalder Creeic. Eaota
Crui and Way Stations 5 53*
t2-15p Newark. Centenrllls. San Joss,
New Aim. 11! en. I.i >s Guto*.FeIton.
Boulder Creek. Sane* Crux and
Principal Way Stations tiO S5*
4.UP Newark. 8an Joic. Los Gatos... I *]§||*
O9-3CP Hunters' Train fSatnrdar only)—
San J<»e and Way Stations t725f»
COAST LINE <Uroa<l <iauic«).
m Of I tUlrd anil l'owusead Streets.)
8-10a San Jose and W»y Stations 6 3Tp
7. C0a San Jose anil TV*r Stationa B 4C-»
8 00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
8-COATtae Coaster— Ssn .lo*e. Salinas.
8nn Ardo, Paso ltoMes. Santa
Mnr?tr!i». baa Lais Obisna,
Gnadaiupe. Garlota. Santa Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura. Moo-
talvo. Oimrd. l)urbsn'», Los
Angeles 10-SOat
g.COA GUroy. Holltster. CastroTllle. Del
Monte, Pacific Groye, Surf, Lom-
poc 10.30>
8.00a 8an Jose. Tres Plnos.WstsonTilVe*
Capltola. Santa Cm*, Paclfle
Grovr. Salinas. San Luis Obispo
.. t« . aBd P'f'nc'P 1 *' Way StaUons. ... 4.10»
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11 OCA San Jose and ~n*y Stations 7.J0-*
2. )5p San Jose and Wsy Stattona 8 SOA
3-ObPDei Mnnte Kxpress— Santa Clara, "^
Pan Jose, W a t s o n v 1 1 1 e. Santa
Crux. Dei Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove ltila
1J.00P Los Gatos, Wright, Bonlder Cre«i*. T -TT
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge tin i*.a
8-30P Valencia St., Sooth S*n Franciico, Ilu "*°"
BarllnKame. San Jose, GUror
Ilol Uster. Tres Pino. tg «.
4.30P San Jose and "Way Stations ta'nnl
tB^lOPEanta Clara. Ssn Jo»e. Loa Gatos. la ' w "
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) tq nn*
|5.J0p |anJoseandPrlnclpalWaySut!'<ai ll'.40A
b45pSnnset Express.- Uedwood. Saa
Joie. G Ilroy,8alln8s. Paso Koblei.
fcan Lula Ublspo. Santa Barbara,
Jf • AljKHeg, bemlB*. El Psso.
m .. - st - LoT1 i5' Xew Orleans, NewTork «in»
8.4SP Pajaro. Watsoarllle, Capitol a. "' 10A
5f* f ? £ rnl ' c *»troTlUo. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove iBTn.
I«.15p «aullateo,Beresrord.Belmont.8aa lu '°° p
C«rlot Kedwood. Fair OaU
. .„ „ UenloPsrlt. Palo Alto t8 «.
•-00»» Palo Alto aad Way Stations .....'.' 1 q ill
11 .30p 800th SejaJTraaclsco. MtllSwae Bui^ 1B * lBA
¦Ba^r.:" 6 .!-.. 8 ' 8 . 1 *,^'^ ,,,,
AtorMorninc P for AftlVn^. ¦
i Snndaj exeepted. tiniti^ 0^
J^T^malpai^Railway^
Lt. Saa frmeaco Ar. Su Tnaeisc*
«"-oT i! :^ A^SlKB 1:3Op '10:00a
Sitohjj 4:35p itSr liiajixjt lUVif
*TI> Gwnty far Y Mt Tumljaia to Mm friliy
armeM 1 65^ '\ Urkkt ST..(Xorth Shore Railroad;
0/nCB } and Sausauto Fgitay. Foot Martct St.
SUMMER RESORTS. __
SOBTK SH03E HOTEIi — On Tomai«s
Bay. Good tabla and accommodations. Mous*
j kas-llghted. Prices very r«aaonabla. MTU. i.
¦ SHIELDS. Marshalls. Maria County, Oak
ra fflwSir^^\ ' Xo man ™n know everythinir. nr even become |J
I fStttm \ ' acquainted with the greater part of human Knowl- rj
B W&**L ' specialized and m^n are devoting their lives to «
II lf^Tr ' "-* \\ I 1 investigate comparatively small and highly al- dm
B \T» I, A^n ' vld ed branches of the sciences. I have ror «^
fj ' * J $$Hf?&K*£2 ' P er t in this field, one ran practice all j- 1
ID \jWiMf i 1 l ' u " various lines and form* of m'^licine 83
|3 / ' **Pf 1 and become proficient In any. The age of tn« £5
H S X I k^\. I "cure-all" is past. By my seventeen years of un- f.-|
Ej /Kv I yj\ v ' falling success I have justly earned the reputa- rj
fa / wSUerf>f \ \ >\ tlon as the "leading specialist." In all that tlm* jjij
l^i 9m \»»* 1 I have never undertaken a case that I have failed pj
fs| DR. JOSLEN. <\ to cure. Reflect upon these things and then con- **Q
MB r J^^^ r^^^}^- ! ' sider whom you should consult. fcr-J
B Spermatorrhoea, WEAKNESS. I offer coniulta- H
k13 ' Forms of treatment based upon mere ... A _, tHQ
1 Ziott Vlflfor, Oon- *upposltlon and not upon fact always tlon xrte ana un | I
PI fail. Because doctors have supposed •i xra . 7a slad to E 1
Sti tracted Disorders, "n«nkn<»ss" a real lack of nervous en- t ** na -> » r,}
¦H er^y, tonic systems of treatment have render any advice B9
£al Varlcocele, Hy- failed. '•Weakness" is merely a symp- - fir'4
K1 tnm of proatatic disorder, usually a that may D« nelp- E||
Hal orocele. Specific chronically inflamed condition result- fal. All corree- IN-a
fS S1..I -r. 1 I 1 *)? from early dissipation or contracted " . .. »-|
m Biooa P o 1 a o n, diseases, and is curable by my m«thod pondence Btrlctly H|
WR File* ud Btrle °' Iocal treatment, which cannot fall confidential. My Em
qm «>¦ muu »«»<•• to rea t ore the most vital center of th« t — , IA
ture are laclu&ed organic system to Its normal state. I paaipluet, "Iilve l^J
gjf have treated thousands of cases with &U Tour Tears a f*A
H| In the list of all- complete success, and am confident that __ „ _ . ,
ga by no other method can permanent Man. COlortS t T |
fes menta X core. cures be effected. chart free. In
¦ ' Always Willing to Wait for Mv Fee Until a Cure Is Effected, fj
H O f f ices - Corner of Market <j Kearny S ts. M
lllPrivate Entreoice 70 £^^^J^
j Tll^ U
S"*— ¦ WC On Sunday, October so. THE 1
""" A _ V 4Jr> CALL will begin the issue of a g
1^ £& 1 I bright, up-to-date Comic Supplement, B
%jjm*+* \J full of wit and innocent humor. This |
fifff^VRr supplement will be printed in three I
nJ M \fW V d iouT bright colors and will readily I
i A-** V ¥ appeal to our young friends and 1
/^A«j|f^ readers in the many homes on the 1
B-UIVlll- Pacific Ccast to which THE CALL |
T **^* is so welcome a visitor. J|
SECTION Agents and Dealers I
Will unquestionably require an addi- 1
tional number of papers to supply the |
i GOOd NeWS for Our rapidly increasing demand for THE |
— Young Friends and It advi8able to order early> i
Readers. A |Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ;
Bid. Ask. I * Bld Ask
Bay CPC 6s. — 102Vil SF A NP 5s. 112 ' _.
B L Wat 68.113 115%l 3 P C R 4s. 9S 1C2W
Cal NW 5s.. 110 — (S P Co 4Vss.l01Vil02
M C Wat 5s.lOO • — 8un Tel Is 113 ~
Rls I Wks5s — 105 ISuttr-st R3s 104 v —
SF. Drdk 5S.112 — | UR of SF 4a. 83% 83*1
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
KANSAS CITY, Oet. 15.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1000. Steady. Native • steers $«?« ¦"0
native cows ¦ and . helf-er».-$l 50(@4 5<H ptockera
and feeders; W25©4 26t .-bulls. .•-. tl-S&RS &r.
catve^ $2 60@5 60;. Weefern : ,ste«rs7 $3® 4 «0- •
Western cowa,^ % 1 6003 60. -- : -¦.•:. --.Vt ?¦
' W QGSrrReceiptSj 2000... E16w.v BUli of wdei.*
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000. Steady. Good to
choice wethers; $3 7504 25; fair> to choice
mixed, $3 25@3 «5: Western sheep, $2 75m to
native lambs, $4 50^0; Western lambs/ ?4@
& €5.
Kansas City.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, COO
Steady. Good to prime steers. $5'75@6 75; poor
to medium, $3 75{t5 50; stockers and feeder?
$2 25@4; Cows, $1 50§4 10;"heiferB, r $2 56®i 75"
fanners, $1 50<?2 40; - bunai .- $234 35;- calves'
f3 6Oij?7: Texas fed steers, $3 50@5 50; Western
steers, ?3f;T> 25. • . ...
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 11,000;. Monday
25.000. Lower. Mixed and butchers. $5 25®
5 62H; good to choice heavy, $5 40<?T5 65- rouKh
heavy, »5©»30;. light. $5 10® 5 50; bulk of
sales, $5 2505 45. . OI
CWcago.
CATTT/E, SHEEP AND HOGS.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cares
add 5c; Linseed. 53c per gallon for belled and
nic for raw; Castor Oil. in cases, No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10@l 12; Lurol. 50a for
boiled and 48e for raw; China Nut. cases,
65680c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. ln barrels.'
OSc for Ceylon and 55c tor Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
i Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
! strained • Lard OH/ 75c; No. 1 Lard OH. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil,' 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
t»c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring OH,
,40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 83e; raw Paint
•-Oil. '81c, -. - - ¦.•?•'•=.•.•..-¦•¦-¦.•?%•- ¦-,,.
I COAL OlXr-^Water White Coal Oil in bulk,
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases, 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star. IBHc: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo-
BAGS — Grain Bag-», $5@o 25; San Quentln,
$4 50; Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c;
Fruit Bags. (5'.4@7%c for white and 7o for
brown jutv
COAL— Wellington. %$ per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 60;
Beaver Hill. $5 60; Roilyn. $7; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Richmond. . $7 60; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks;- Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13:
Welsh Lump. $11 50: Cannel. $0 per ton; Ccke.
(U ECi&K per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S SO per short
ton.
General Merchandise.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— On the Produce Ex
chanre to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries, 15@16Hc; dairies, 13(ffl7c; eggs,
firm at mark, 16^@18V4c; cheese, steady
lOSlO'^c.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Oct: 15.— Cash quotations ' w«re
as follows: Flour, steady; winter patents
$5 30<g"5 40: straights, $4 &0®.V20; spring pat
ents, *r. 30<S5 70: straights. $4 00ft 3 80: bak
ers 1 , $3 3Og4: No. 2. spring wheat, $1 18@
1 20; No. S, Jlffl 15; No. 2 red, $1 16%@>1 is;
No. 2 corn. ¦ 63c; No. 2 yellow,- 56'4c; No. 2
oats, 2HVn®3lc; No. 2 white. 31%@32c; No. 3
white, 2»Q31c; No. 2 r^e. 78'37SHtc; good feed
ing barley, 36%c; fair to choice malting, 3Q®
46c: No. 1 flaxeeed. $1 09; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 16; mess pork, per bbl, $11©11 12>£: lard
per, 100 Its, $7 32^<57 35; short ribs sides
(loose). S7 62V6<5" 75: short clear sides
(boxed), 57 50@7 75; whisky, basis of high
wines, ?1 26%; clover, contract grade, 812 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels...... 2o,400 22,600
W-heat. bushel* .1M.00O 45,300
Corn, bushels ..... 85.800 446,400
Oats, bushels ,.187.200 . 264,100
Rye. bushels • :7,0Q0 ' '; -1,300
Barley, bushels 181.600 -,.,r 24.800
Cnsh' Grain and Provisions.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivertd in San Francisco, less 409
45 ptr cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steer?. 7\4«?7%c: Cows and Hell
ers. 5^S?ti'^o; thin Cows. 4goc per lb.
CALVES— 4®4 He per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3u.33%c; Ewes, 3@3>4c
per lb fgross wflpht).
LAMBS— f 2 5<Mf2 75 rer head.
HOGS— Live rTos*. 110 to 200 lbs. 4'X.c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4Vie;. 130 lbs and under. 4Vic:
over 250 lbs, 4 Vie; soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows, 20 per rent off; Boar*. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale- rates from slaughterers to dealtn
are as follows:
BEEF — hvi'lr. for Steers and 4@5c per lb
for Cows. .
VEAL- -Large, G^ff^Vjc: small. 7@Sc per lb.
- MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7.Vjc; Ewes. HQ~c per
pound,'
LAMU— SHOc per lb.
¦ PORK-Dr»st»d Hosts 6(0Sc r*r lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The demand and supply of all descriptions
about balance and the market shows no
change.
Mcju Market.
LONDON. Oct. 15.— The four brides
maids at the wedding of Lady Her
mione Grimston. daughter of T. Veru
lam, wore sandals, and their naked,
shapely feet attracted pardonable ad
miration at the church. Instead of
gloves they wore mittens and other
wise complete early Victorian cos
tumes. The Grimstons have cultivated
the wearing of sandals and their feet
looked quite fitted to them, but the feet
of ordinary women cramped ln narrow
pointed boots scarcely would bear the
exposure.
Attend Bride in Bare Feet.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. lOVic; medium. OV^c; light. 0c; Cow
Hides 0c for heavy and 9c for light; Stage.
7c; Salted Kip 10c: Salted Veal, lie: Salted
Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. l«Vi®17c: dry Kip, 13®
14c; dry Calf 19c: Sheepskins shearlings. 258
40c each; short Wool. 40<Jt65c each: medium.
75690c; long IVool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides,
ealt. $2 75 for large and $2©2 10 for medium,
$1 50@2 for small and' 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dltfm. $1 for small and £0c for Colts.
Huck' Skins — Dry Mexican. 3Cc; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 73r; extra large do.
$1 25: large 50c; medium. U5c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4(ij4%c per lb:
No. 2. 3'^c: Grease. 2V4C3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin and South
ern. Ofjllc; Southern, 8@0c; Southern Moun
tain f>5?Uc: Middle Counties, free. 12«14c:
do. defective. 10<S12e; Northern free. 12@14c:
do. defprtlvf-, ]0fll2c: Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 14(gl5c per lb.
HOPS— 1004 crop. 26£Mle per lb.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hods.
E. F. Hutton St Co.. 49* California street.
£s.n Francisco, members if the New York
Stock Exchange, fumigh th6 following official
quotations of that Exchange : i
Sales. I Stocks — |High,Low.| Bld.| Ask.
Adams Express j 230 ,2*0
18,100, Amalg Copper... 64% j 64^4 64% 64^4
Am Can Co j 7 7>4
! Do pfd 4S 4S%
2.700; Ara Car & F Co £S>~! 27 27U 27«i
300j Do pfd 64V»j 64V; 84^1 Si%
;Am Chicle | j so 63
I Do pfd 101 105
1.2U0|Axn Cotton Oil.. 22 31% 31>, 32
Do pfd .........'. 81XJ 93
Am Dist Tel i 1 24 I 27
|Axa Ex 1 210 1215
700Am Grass T Co. S5 | 87 S7% SS
COOiAra Hide & L... 5'ij 5*4 514 5U
Do pfd IB 21
3.100 Am Ice 6% 6% S S*.
7.WX-, Do T'fi 41 37U 40^4 41
l.OOO; Am Linseed UW 14" l.m 1414
' I>o pfd ! 32 3jj
8.90f»,Ara Locomotive.] 30%, 23% £8 a; 30
Rft0( Do pfd J S7%! »tC| »7i> 97%
200 -Am Malt 65 I 544' 54U' 54'Jt
BOO Do pfd 28* 23V.I 23 I 23<5
BJMMAn S & R Co.. e7a» G&J t57>i 67%
1..W*. Dopfd 109 iios^lioavKraai
l^.oOOjAni 6ugar ilS6Ti:135% IKU i.f.iu*
I Do p:d |134 ;i3 6 ..
200 Am T & T Co...;i4O 140 ;I40 \H3
iAm Tob pf3 1 \nj il45
700| Am Woolen 1S% 17*41 IS 1»
4f>O Do pfd [ 83% 631,! 83'i W
100;Anaccnda. 1100 100 100 101
jAra Arbor 28 I 32
! rw rM ; r,9 I «
22.?0fr,A. T.& S F ST,% P5^' 65UI 85%
«.«no' no tfd Sicij/^ioi fion/j ici%
it.fonj Btlt & Ohio I 85^4) 5»4«4t B5U 85y
S0O- Do pfd j 95 S3 I !»4*£i 95%
Bay State O«s...l 7-32' <2
22.30<! B n T ! e*i4l «7*.r«7%! «7"-*
100 Brock Cti Gs* . . . 222% '222-i 222 1224
iBrjns D & I. ..;.....!... ..) S j 9
iButteritk Co ; j &nu| 51
lOOCanada South. ..I e7«i! «7^| Cs' | CS%
•V:00 CanaCian Pacjf!c'122 :> -; 'V.'.'iK 132H'132%
4.O00C & O I 45%! 44% 45t»! 45^
300C & A j 33%. 3»%
1 l>o r-fd SO .65
10UC * E I pfa....tl4JS 145 143 fl45
'C. I & L 50 i 5S 674 «0
! I>0 OU ! I SO 85
ww* q w i8u! n%
liw»; Do pfd A .... 67 *| M 2
300| Do pfd C 2S% iRU 2»ttl 29U
CO0C & N W l»0 '190 "!1SH%!1HO
16.200.C. M «.- Pt P.... lC9',4'lCS%'Kr» IIOU
I Do i,'.A j j <lK7-n$H'
! r>o 4'« ) I.....! 77%! 77^1
30n)CbIca«o Trrro...| 7% 7H| 71; 7a/
Vii, Do pf4 17 17 - f j2 i 7 *
1.1WC. C.C * st L.J Wil S54I w 1 sn%
! Do rffl |...;!:iio nil
:::::::fe^r. & . w :|::::: ;:::•! "•
LGCojCosain. h c & i. 1414! ii%\ txv] u
' -MlColoraJo South..! 21^1 21 *»l iii_'
sow Do 1st rfa — ' KhI ki%I g i 'X?
:.nwl Do SflpTd ! 27%! 27Hi V7%i is
1 .WConho'.lSrArl G.T«:2I3-i '2I2U-?t->3; ( 2 n
tWOk-crt T.jb Co pTdiI24Vi:i?. < )9i lXt^HS!
l.r.fwtCr.m T'rndurts...i i«ii| ig | 1T -,, .„
M)< Do pid 1 7C | 75 I B0%! M
1(K>T>1 ft H-.)5«:n..:i73%.172 I73U 17SU
20f»D fc K O i .!...! 29 I 2314
ID.* M e- Ft P..! );.... 24 "j -5*
twv, Detrcit t:n Hy.j 71%! 70»4 71%' r»
iftODerrrlt Koutliernl .-.%t S%i 314! 411
:*/V Do pfd ' 7 1 7 j <Mi\ -'
•_'.nof,'niftfll!r.« F?c»..!32 'SPSi St% SS
iniMCl Kt-c licndr! .¦ ' 72 j 7"v.
2M Si-'.uth S S £r. A.i 10'i; WJ. 10 i I0U
£.VK> J>n pfd ....! IS! I 1C*;1 If, I },;.-.'
SK.i'WKrlr- : ! n::%i tt%\ 33%! n.-;u
2.4W, 1 .. i>o 1st pM : raii: rn - nn^ myL
LSOCM Do V.3 r-fd i 4S«4i i» ¦ 47T4i 48
'K a T h !. j I r,s i en
t Do pfd I |73 ! S3 -
JFt W * D C...I 1 43 4S
(General Cbtmicall J.....I 4S | 55
New York Stock List.
SATURDAY. Oct. 15—2 p. m. ! .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lOC%106?i 4s qr cp new.131%132 1 ;
4s qr reg...lC6%lC6T» 3s q r coup... 104*4 105^i
"MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. :
Ala A W 5a. — — Oak T Co 6s. 120 121 «4 !
Asso OH 5s. SO — Do 5s 112 —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do con 5s. 102 —
Cal C G 58.102'i — Oceanic S 5s. — —
Cal O & E g Otn Cable Cs.120 —
m & ct 5s. — SlVi Pac G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-st C 5s.ll2i£ — P E Ry 5s.. — lOot;
C C Wat 5s. f)S — P & C H 6a.lO4 —
EdL & P 6s.l23 — P & O R 61.114^115
F & C H 6s. — — Powcll-st 6«. — — .
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — Sac EG&R5s.l00 101
H C&S StjS.lOo _ SF * SJV3S.U7K —
Do 5s 9S*i — Sierra R «a. — —
Hon R T 6s.l07»i — S P of A 6a
L A Elec 5s. — 104 <19C9> lOSTi —
L A Ry 5a.. 116 — (1910) 109^110*4
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — (1005)Sr A. 100% —
Do gtd 58.100 — (1905)Sr B.100V4 —
LAP lem 5s.lO2 — (1906) — 104 tf
Mkt-st C 6s. 115 — (1912) 113% —
DO lem 5s.ll5 — SPC 1 eg 5».117^i —
MV& MtT5s.lO5 — j Do stampd.110 —
NRR.of CGs.lCH 106V S P B R 6S.132 —
Do 5s 117 — |S V Vat 6s.lC4tilO5
X P C R 5s.l0ti% — I Do 4s 2dm. 100% —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 T Do 4s "dm. &0V, —
N C P C 5s. — 90 I Do K mt«:4s J» 100
N 3 S R 5s. — 102^'Stkn G&Efis. 83 —
O GL&H 5s. — 110!ilU G & E 5s.lO2H —
O w gtd 5s. — 10O I 1
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 3fl [Port Costa — — —
Marln Co... — fi'> IS V Wat Co. 30% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 4 I S F G & E. 61?» 62
Mutual EL.— 12 I Stkn G * E. — 54
Pac L Co... 50*i €0 | V G & E Co. — — ,
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — ISO IL P & A. .'..130 —
Anglo-Cal .. R4 — [ Mer Trust.... — 235
Bank of Cal. 424 425 I Merch Ex.... — 55
Cal Safe Dp. — ir>0 (S F Natlonl. — — ' •
First Nationl — — f . •• •« •
SAVINGS BANKS.
Gcr S & U2330 — ! Pav & L So. . — 100
Hum SAL. — — I Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — ICO lUnlon T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.C15 — I
/ STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197 — | Presidio — 43
Geary — 40 1
POWDER.
Giant 63U Ct I Visorlt — - 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 67% — | Makawell C. 2«H 20
Hcnokaa S C 15 mi'Onomea S C. 29* 2»4
Hutch S P C 10 lOHlPaauhau S C. 15U ,15'/,
Kilauea. S C. 3<i — I
MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska P A. 11* 117',i! Oceanic 3 Co. 3 —
Cal F C A. P0%10t>^ I Pac Aux F.A, 4Vi —
Cal Wine A. Slv- — I Pac C Borx.156 157 Vi
MV* MtTm. — 105 |Pac S Tel Co. 114 —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association. . .110 CO
5 Alaska Packers' Association. . .11« 00
30. Alaska Packers' Association. . .117 CO
S3 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 67 75
75 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. cash 10 CO
50 Kutchlnson S P Co - 10 00
75 Mutual Savings Bank, b 15....10O 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 15 37U
25 S F Gas & Electric 61 25
25 S F Gas Se. Electric. eo 37U
25 S F Gas & Electric 6O"5
95 S F Gas & Electric 60 00
200 S F Gas & Electric. £ SW) W> 00
5(1 B F Gas & Electric 51» S7U
23 Spring Valley Water Co.- . 39 bo
135 Spring Valley Water Co So 75
AH prices ' remain unchanged and the mar
ket though not active, has a firm undertone.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^c per lb for
heavy, llhic for light medium. 14c for light.
14'/ic for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sldea. 10%c: Bellies, 12c;
Eastern tsugar-cured Hams, 14c; Call-,
fornia Hams, 13^c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. S10 50@ll; Family. $12gl2 50;
prime Metis Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $23:
Mess. $17 SO; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$26- PIrs 1 Feet, $5; Smoked Beef 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6^c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 104c for pure: hilf-barrels. pure, 10*ir;
10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb' tins, llftc; 3-lb tins.
ll%c
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8?ic: thre<»
half barrels, SHc; one tierce. 8%cJ two tierces
8Vic; five tierces, SHc per lb.
Provisions.
STOCK AN'D BOND EXCHANGE.
Time luant— Easy. Sixty days. ."»i per cent;
ninety days and s:x months. 3^5&3» 4 per cent.
f'r:rr.<- mercantile paj*r — l^iij per cent.
Su-rlir-g fxchar.gf.. — Strong, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $ 4. SotiOS 4.8570 for de
mand anJ at *4.S34(l@4.8.'!50 for sixty day bills.
PH ited rates— $4 S4&4 MV> and H.SB 1 *.
1 3c :nrr,c-rc:al bills— f 4 Sl'?»@4 S3V*.
Bar silver — 57"»c.
ICexteaa dollar* — 46c.
Government bonds, steady; rallrcad bonds,
firm.
\r*iv York Money Market.
NEW YOKK. Oct. 15.— Close: Money on call
Nominal; no leans.
EASTERN MARKETS.
PARIS, Oct. 13. — Widespread and un
favorable comment has been aroused
by the recent use of the park at Ver
sailles for reproducing highly sensa
tional episodes, supposed to have bee"h
witnessed during the time of Louis XV.
Dressed in costumes of that period
more than a hundred persons rode to
Versailles and were rapidly driven
to the park. The gates were closed and
the public barred.
The great fountains that play rarely
were turned on and the party proceed
ed to the famous colonnade grove, in
¦which is the beautiful marble bath.
"Women in scantiest costumes posed as
a group representing Proserpine car
ried off by Pluto.
Women posing as water nymphs next
proceeded to Apollo's bath and a scan
dalous scene was enacted. Half-clothed
women 1 * fought a duel arranged for a
cinematograph through the influence of
a high state official.
WOMEN" POSE IN" SCANT
ATTIRE IX VERSAILLES
Exchange and Bullion. j
Silver Is unchenged. Continental Exchange I
continues to decline. i j
LOCAL. • j
Sterling. Exchange, sixty days... — $4 84 ¦
Sterling Exchange, tight — 4 gbU I
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 Si^Y\ \
New York Exchange, sight — Oi Vi
New Ycrk Exchange, telegraphic. — 10 i
Sliver, per ounce — 57% i
Mexican Dollars — 46 ;
INTERNATIONAL. 1
New York on Paris 5.167& t
Nf-w York on Mexico ...217 j
Paris on London .25.12
Berlin on London.. 20.J5
Wheat -and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were somewhat
higher. Chicago was T /»c higher on the day. I
The San Francisco market for cash grain re
mained quiet, with ' nyers ttlll holding off.*
Futures vere quiet but firmer.
CASH WHEAT. •
California Club, $1 45@1 521/.; California, j
White Australian, $1 55@1 62^4; Northern
Club $1 4o<£l 52%: Northern Bluestem, $1 6u
@1 62% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clos«.
December ...$1 CO $150% $149% $149%
May 1 81 M 151% 161% 151%
BARLEY — The medium and lower grades of
Feed were weaker yesterday, but as choice
bright Fead was still in light supply and firm
the range of prices ri malred the same. Fu
tures were easy, but net materially changed.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 07ti@l 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping. $1 15®1 17%: Chevalier. $1 17%©
1 22% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 10% $1 10i-i *1 10 $110
, May— No sales, $1 09 U asked.
OATS— Regarding the shipment of Western
I Oats to the two Northern Pacific States, men- I
tioned eome days ago. the following conflrma- i
tory statement Is published in the Portland i
Commercial Review: "Oat stocks In farmers' !
; hands are email and ¦ most of the stock has j
'• been disposed of. To overcome any shortage
i this year considerable have been bought in the
! East, principally the Dakotas, and are coming
to tidewater. California is a good customer
for our product at present prices — $27 per ton."
The market continues amply supplied and
1 unchanged.
White. $1 37%@1 55; Surprise. $1 50@l 60:
Red for feed. Jl 32%@1 45 for No. 1 and
i $1 22%@1 30 for Xo. 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42%@1 50; Black $1 30@l 35 for feed arid
$1 50<tH 70 for seed.
CORN— Another large line of 4200 ctls of]
Western came. In yesterday/ The market In i
steady and unchanged.
Western sacked. $1 4C@1 45 for Yellow. $1 45 I
for White and $1 40@l 42% for Mixed; Call- j
fornia large Yellow-, $1 40@l 45; small rouni <
do $1 55@1 62%: White, nominal; Egyptian. |
$l'35©1.45 for White and $1 25@1 30 for i
Brown. '• - ' ""¦»
RYE— $1 3501 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
_ -Flour and 3IillstulTs. . .
The following' interesting dUpatch concern
ing the light weight of spring Wheat was re
ceived from Chicago yesterday: "Millers are ;
getting scared at the waj\.ibis .new eprlag .,
V.'heat is turning out. said President R B. \
Johnston of the Sur and Crescent Milling !
I Company. None of them realized when they :
¦ started out that It took an average of about I
I twenty pounds more Wheat to make a barrel [
I of similar grades. Flour that formerly re- j
quired four bushels and thirty pounds of Wheat !
i to the barrel is now calling for four bushels j
I and fifty pounds. I think that all of the. soft
i winter Wheat in Southern territory will also
bo found to require about ten pounds more to
make a barrel than last year." .
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70<g5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices tn packages are as !
follows:, Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7; Cotn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do, ?3 60:
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy, \
$3 60^3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked <
Wheat. $.'J 50; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat ;
1 Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 75@7 50; In '
sack*, «4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, j
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. j
Hay and Feedstuff's. ¦
The millers quoted a decline in Bran yes- i
terday owing to the rapid development of the |
new green feed. There was no change ln the '
Hay situation. !
BRAN— $10 50(p20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24© 28 per ton.
SHORTS — $19 50@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22(g'23; Corn
Meal. $30 50<?31 50; Cracked Corn, $31@32;
Mixed Feed; $22@22 50: Horse Beans, ?30@4J
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, UOc per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $10@15 50; Wheat and Oat,
$10314 50; Oat. $0@13- Barley and Oat S8
| @12; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable $0
@11: stock, $5 50@7; Clover, $7Q10; Alfalfa.
$9612 per ton.
STRAW — *5@e5c. per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue very firm at the recent
marked advances, with a steady demand fcr
colored sorts for shipment to the Southwest.
Limas continue very stiff, with the growers
not selling. Some are now asking $4 :55, but
this price has not yet been paid. Pea are
higher ln sympathy with Whites.
A local handler says that the California crop
of Beans will probably be no more than suf
ficient to supply the coast demand, as the
rain-damaged Beans are fit neither for eating
no r seeding. He further says that the reports
circulated of bumper crops in the East are not
fully indorsed here, as they are considered
circulated by buyers who want to secure sup
plies.
BEANS— Uayos, $2 7o©3: Pea, $?. 10@3 25;
Butters. $2'75©3; small White,- -#:{ I5i?:5 :«;
large White. JF2 40®2. 05; Pink, $3 log-tf :{i);
Red. S4-2584 -30: Lima. $4 li>©4 i'5; Red Kid
neys. l$4 50104:75; : Blackpy«s, ?2 60&2 70 per
ctl: Horee Beane. $1 S5®2 40.
| SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
I Mustard; $3 25; Flax. $2©2 75; • Canary. UOi
-©7- Alfalfa, 15%«10%c; Rape, lWZVu;
! Timothy, 5%c; Hemp. 3.'4®3-y 4 c per lb;* Millet.
2y.«i3V,e; Broom Corn S«ed, ?20®2l per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2®2 25; new Green
Peas. $2@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Trade in Potatoes was dull, as usual on
Saturda-- .and. the market had an easier; tone,
j as receipts were large and most of Friday's
j belated arrivals were still on hand. Prices,
however, were unchanged. \ River Reds were
offering again and met with" a fair demand for
shipping. Two cars of Sweeta were received
and the market was easier, with few ual^s
reported, over $l>per cental. Onions were firm
at the recently advanced quotations, and some
orders were being filled for shipment • to
northern points. - . ¦ . ¦¦ - ...
Miscellaneous vegetables moved frefly, but
as supplies of most- kinds were excessive the
market had an easy tone and prices were un
steady'for everything except Beans and Garlic.
Tomatoes were mostly of poor quality, showing
the effects of the recent ! rains, and only a
small portion of the receipts brought the top
quotation. . \.
POTATOES— Burbanka from the river, 600
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l 36 per
ctl: River Reds, 85c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes
$1@1 15 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1 25©1 40 per Ctl.* -
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 60c@$l 25 per
' sack or crate; String Beans, 3@4c per
lb; Wax' BeanS, 3$f4c -per lb; Lima
Beans. . 4@5c . per- lb:- Tomatoes; 15®
35c per box; summer Squash, 4O@5Oc per
box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per
sack; Cucumbers. 35350c per box; Garlic. 4«
04 %c per lb; Egg Plant. S5@D0c per boir
Dried Pepper*, nominal; Green Okra, 50® 63a
per box;. Green Peppers, 40® 60c per box-'
Marrowfat Squash. $12015 per .ton. ,
Poultry and Game. *
Receipts - of Poultry were light and trade
was likewise, as usual on Saturday, but as
there was very little stock carried. ever from
the preceding day the market was steady and
almost bare at^ the close. A car of Western
falls due to-morrow, j Game cleaned .up quickly
at good- pricea and- Har* and Rabbits were
quoted- higher. :> The open season.; for Wild
¦ Ducks, commenced yesterday., but- there were.
1 none offering;' iri the market, although several
¦i dealers exDffcted -conslmments.- 1 ¦• •--,.--
CHICAGO, Oct. 15— The wheat market was
strong from the start. The. fact- that foreign
grain markets followed yesterday's sharp ad
vance here furnished considerable encourage
ment to bull traders. Advlcea from Arcen
tlt.a also were bullish, the weather there be
ing reDorted as extremely unfavorable. . The .
element of .perhaps the greatest importance,
rxwever was the continued active demand
for cash wheat and apparent scarcity of that
article. Shorta and commission houses were
urgent bidders for the December option when
the trading began, but offerings were ex
tremely light. After opening unchanged to
<*e higher at $1 12%@1 13%, the price of
December rose rapidly to *1 14H- May was
helped by the strength of December and after
opening &QUc lower to H04*c higher at
$1 12 to 51 12%, sold up to «1 13. On the
advance numerous realizing sales were made,
resulting in a temporary setback. December
declined to $1 13%, while May sold off to
$1 12'-*@1 12^5. The bulis soon regained con
trol of the situation and during the remainder
of the session the market held remarkably
firm. Trading was confined matniy to the De
cember oDtlon. The most prominent influence
affecting late trading was a message from
Duluth to a commission house confirming: a
rumor circulated here yesterday to the effect
that Northwestern millers are buying Manl
toba xrtieat. The market closed strong, with
December T-»c higher at $1 13}j- Final quo
tations on May were ' 4 c up at $1 12%Q.l 12 >j.
In sDite of the strength of wheat, the corn
market was quite weak. Favorable crop pros
pects and excellent weather conditions created
a bearish sentiment. The market closed at
the lowest point, December at 4lH4c, a loss
of "4c.
Moderate liquidation caused weakness in
oats. December closed %c lower at 28Vic.
Provisions were firm on fair buying by pit
traders and us a result of support by packers.
At the close January pork was up 12 %c. lard
was 7^-ic higher and ribs 7Va@10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cloee.
Wheat No. 2 —
October 112V*
December 1 13?» 1 14}i 1 12»; 1 13*.
May 1 12% 1 13 1 12 1 12>,
Corn No. 2 —
October . .... 51 '.I
December 49Tg 50% 49^4 49U
May 4tt 46 45% 45ft
Oats No. 2—
October 29 29«4 28«£ 2-S%
December 29 29»4 2SV4 2$ft
May SI*,* 31% 30%" 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 10 60 1100 10 SO 1100
December 10 97% 11 15 lo 871J 11 10
January 12 25 12 45 12 2." 12 40
May ....12 30 12 42 ft 12 30 12 37^
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 7 25 7 35 7 25 * T 35
January 7 15 7 25 7 15 7 25 "
May 720 7 32^ 7 20 7 32'^
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs —
October 7 55 7 US 7 B2}J 7 55
January « 42>£ 6 f>2tj 6 40 « 62>i
May 6 50 8 60 6 50 6 60
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Dried Fruits. Nuts. Raisins. Honey.
There Is nothing new to report under this
luad «xcept that Walnuts are quoted still
firmer in this market.
FRUITS— New crop — Apricots. 7«4@10c for
Royals and 9312c for Moorparks; Nectarines,
6@7Vic for White and 6@6V4c for Red;
Peaches, 6%@SVjC per lb; Pears, 7@12c;
Plums, pitted. e@6%c for black. S@6%c
"for red and 7@8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks, 60c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown tJOo* 6
crowD. 65c; bulk white, 2^1630; black. 3Hc.
¦Evaporated Apples, 5%@7c per lb.
, ;PRUNES— 1%@1%c per lb for the four sizes
-and 2V4c basU for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 25ff2 50; Dehesa. $1 S5®2:
London Layers. S0c@$l: Loose Muscatels 4
crown. 4©4%c; 3-crown. 3H@J%c; 2-crown,
S©3-%o: Seedless. 2%@2%c: Floated. 3c; Seed
ed 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4?4c; Seed
riew Sultanas. 3\ig3-%c per lb.
NUTS— New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell 129
12}£c; No. 2. 10@10V4c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c;
No. 2 10c; Almonds. l(W$17c for Nonpareils,
14®-14'ttc for I X L. 13@14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie • for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5;
Chestnuts. 10^15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, Il«^i313c for white and 1CK9
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5V4@
6c; light amber extracted, 5@6&c; dark. 3^
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27©20c per lb.
'NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— All the metal mar
kets continued to have a firm undertone, al
though the business' dropped off to the usual
Saturday dimensions. Prices were generally
unchanged.
COPPER— Lake is quoted at $13@13 25: elec
trolytic. $12 87'4^13l2»i; casting, *12 75@13.
TIN— $2S 37^5j-8 60.
LEAD— $4 20&4 30.
SPELTER— *5 13@5 20.
IRON— Firm and unchanged from last quota
tions. . •
Xew York Metal Market.
Late mail advices from New York say: -Tte i
feature wa» the receipt of cable advices from •
London stating Ihat the official estimate of ;
the 1904 English hop crop was only 2S2.000 !
cwt.; this was somewhat smaller than expect- j
ed by the majority of the trade, the general
idea, being that ihe estimate would be 30<> 000 I
tu ' T Ensliah market was reported firm, j
Ihe advices recelvc-d from the coast reported I
the rr.arke: "blocked*; in other words, buyers I
and MMeis were apart in their ideas of values.
OR the basis of 3ue for chc!:»? buyers were in
cllneu to op-rate more cautiously; growers, in
fluenced by the indicated short supplies and !
J ar «' < ' *>Pparer.t warn* ty Englani. were indlf- '
ftrtnt *ea«rs ar .<J holding ior *ti!l higher pi ices
I p-Etate adv:ce£ reported firm markets; sales
*.¦""* r T po r t *<l cf :i>0 ba!es choice at i^'jc and
•>»c. The local maket was firm, but quiet."
Dried rraits hi New York.
Mall *:¦.;•¦¦¦• from New York say: "The '
raisin situation, a* affected by wet weather en :
th* coast, lominued. on Saturday, to afford '
the chief feature o* the market. The prospect '
"^ serious d*rlsv in d^Iivtr!*?^ on co*itrA'*t*
made for fin* ha'lf of October" shipment has
created an inereaspj jebbin* interest in spot
supplies of ooatt eroded. The Bpot market, '
which hat be«n well cleaned ur> for some time
P*n. is now pntcucally bare of in*** good?. •
and on fancy frrsh seeded 1903 stock, due to
arrive to-day, up lo 6U,c la asked, nhiie for ;
thoicf in transit .*'-<• is wanted. The scarcity
Of coast s^-ed^d ravins for immediate delivery
hat incr«-j,K»-d an already fair demand for
tasttm fancy with the r«»«ult that local
seeders are advanoir.g their quotations and it
was questioned wh<-ti;er f j.ncy Eastern could have ¦
b(-».n bought belcw Cc at the close of last week. ,
Th'.- urderg wired from here two days ago for j
iOOM Z-tr&WBM oo behalf of ccast" operators j
tame not txiren copfirflteO. Currants en the spot ¦
were steady, though in view cf the expected '
Edition cr some 2l\X; tuns to the spot stock at
::it beginning- of this ueek low<r prices were •
; «jked tor In some Quartera. Prunes remained j
iUiet. with the views of holders firm when ¦
;arge s-izes were under confiiit-ration. Thirties j
tn >^id to be practically unobtainable 40? i
nit r.._- are hard to get. even at a premium! and j
hcldprt OB the coast are said to be reluctant to i
lake ordera Sur straight 50e. which, in view of i
the scarcity of size* above, ait begir.nins to |
receive tht- attention cf buyern. On the Inter
mediate tizcf there is litUJ much irregularity I
in basis prices. 1Y> heard of some Bales of ;
outMde 5y« to SOs at lHc f. O. b. bag basis. , !
white c,ii j?ama Clara fruit the ranpe on such ¦
consta is j»1I the way from l^c to l* 4 c f. o. b. ,
• r the four sizes, according to teller. Limited j
-upplifp keep the market for peaches firm. ¦
tfaousta there if comparatively little demand at
.¦re* iit. Apricnis »!to are firm under light j
ufiVrir.gt. but the market is <juiet."
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 I Orpheum Co. — 1»*»
Chutes Co .. 8*4 8'ii PacC ras «'».!25 —
City & C Bk — 120 : Pac Sur Co. 103 —
Cy» L Imp.. — 6m Paraf faint. 3a —
Enst Dynm.. — 375 | S F Dryiiock. — «5
DutPwd pfd— 83 'PFftPJ Coal. 17l-i 20
Do com .. 30 37lijS J Wat Co.H-14 —
FX Bk. Oak.120 — f SO & MTgbt.125 —
FUcher Thtr 15c — | Swiss-A lik.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.ias — J Truck Elect.. ll l i —
Gas Con A.. I«H 20 I UR InC pfd. 57 1. :.9^
Hono P Co.. — 26 | Do com ... 12>4 —
Do pool .. — 27 I
California Oil and Stock Exchange.
Oil Stccka— Bid. Asked.
Alma ..... »>O
Associated Trust Cert Ti 30
Aztec CO
Caribou 5 75 6 t;i>
Central Point Con «S
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont 77 '£
Four 3t>* 53
Home 100 1 15
Imperial 17 5O
Independence 2t> (X) 2S •'¦»>
Monte Crfeto ?'•<• 83
Oil City Petroleum 55
Senator 70 75
Sovereign 3*
Toltec SO 1 C3
Twenty-eight » W 10 00
Miscellaneous —
Northern Cal. Power 9 25 ....
Truckca Electric 11 50 12 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
150 Twenty-eight Oil 1° '«
3C0 Home 1 ™
SftO Chicago Crude *5
8000 Associated Stock *»
Minins fetock*.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstock*.
6C0 Best & Belch.l 23 2C0 Ophlr 2 ;5
400 Caledonia 45, 500 Savage 3O
1(X» Chollar 19, 5i>O Seg Belcher. .. 10
550 Con Cal & V.I 40 400 Sierra Nev 27
loo Con Cal tc. V.I 451 COO Union Con.... 38
1W> Exchequer ... 42| ICO Union Con 3»
800 Justice 05i 100 Yellow Jacket 1»
100 Mexican 1 10!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 15—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Aak.
Alpha 15 lSIJulla. OS 08
Alta 06 07! Justice 05 O7
Andes 24 251 Kentuck — 04.
Belcher 26 28JMexlcan X 19 1 2O
! Best & Belch. 1 25 1 35 Occidental ... 77 SO
; Bullion IS 19! Ophir 2 S5 2 40
I Caledonia 44 4'- Overman 13 15
Challenge ... 20 211 Potosi 15 1«
Chollar 19 21|Savag» 31 S3
Confidence ... 90 1 <0 Scorpion OR Oft
Con Imperial. 01 02i Seg Belcher... 10 11
Con Cal & V.I 43 1 50! Sierra Nev.... SO S3
Con N Y — 08i Silver Hill 63 5,5
! Crown Point.. 11 12! Utah 10 11
[Exchequer... 44 46| Union Con. ... 40 43
I Gould & Cur. 1» 21 i Yellow Jacket. 19 21
Hale & Norc. 60 62
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
100 Ton of Nev.. 8 B0| 5OO Tonopah Ohla. 30
10CO MacNamara . 33 5OO Paymaster ... 0*
1CO0 MacNamara . 34| 1CC0 Diamondfleld. 45
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
700 Goldfield Mhk 651 6CO Red Top 15
1000 Jumbo <W 1000 Rescue 11
i 2000 MacNamara . 34 1 10O Ton of Nev. 8 62"-,
• 2000 MacNamara . 3Cl 10O Ton Exten ..1 W>
2500 MacNamara . S3! 500 Ton Midway.. 41
200 Mont Ton ...1 95! 100 Ton Belmont.. 63
j TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
I Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Goldfleld Min 66 ! 100 Mont Ton ..1 92*»
ICO Goldfleld Min 671 45OO Red Top .... l«
275 Goldfleld Mhk 201 5l)O Ton Midway.. 42
10O MacNamara . 351 10O Ton Midway.. 43
200 Mont Ton ...1 901 50O Ton N Star... 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Adams — 1°' Lucky Tom.. — 10
Black Ants .. — 10! MacNamara ..34 35
i Black Butte.. 19 — i Mizpah Exten C5 —
i Blue Bull M 22 — ! Mont Ton..l 90 1 92*4
! Booth M Co. 10 —IN Y Ton — 04
I Colehan — 05' Paymaster ... 0-3 04
I Columbia 25 — | Pine Grove .. 11 —
! Esperania ... 01 02! Qulncy 11 —
j Gold Anchor. 20 —I Ray Exten ... — 08
' Goldfleld B Bl 09 — I Ray & O'Brien — 10
I Goldfleld B&B — IB Ray Ton — 14
j Goldfleld Dmd — 20! Red Top 1« IT
Goldfleld Min — «3' Rescue H> 11
Goldfield Mhk 21 22 Sandstorm ... 17 27
Goldfleld SPk. — lSlTon Belmont.. «3 65
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — i Ton Exten ..ISO —
Gold Mt Con. — f>2 Ton & Gt XV. 02 O4
Han M MAS — 10 Ton Gold Mt. 17 —
I Han Mut Co 10 —I Ton Midway.. 42 Ai
i Hazel Kirk .. — 12' Ton of Nev. 3 ot> S 73.
1 Jim Butler .. 45 TO' Ton N Star... 17 —
i Jumbo <W 70" Ton &* S Lake 25 —
• Jumbo Exten IS 201 West End .... 10 —
i iSttle Ton ..30 — '
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Cotton futures
opened easy. October, 9.S5e; November, 9.80c;
December. 9.94c; January, 10c; February, of
fered 10.04c; March. 10.07c; May, 10.15c; July,
10.15c.
• Cotton future* closed steady. October, 9.SSc;
November, 9.91c; December, 9.99c; January,
10.C5c; February. lO.Obc; March, 10.14c; April.
10.15c; May, 10.18c.
Spot closed quiet. Middling uplands, 10.35c;
middling gulf, lO.SUc. No sales
Kngliili Hop Crop.
e-dSi v. aCk Clearir -* s for tha week ju*t
';'££¦£? e Fain of * 1 .04^.S7» over the eor-
; «po..<!iIU week of laat year, being $.%,001.
r' S - f^ nst t33.9il.657 ln IWi. Thi clearings
iOr tr.e earne week in 1902 were $32, €17.027.
Rank Clearings.
The yield of the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine last week from the newly found
deposit on the 2230 level consisted of 23 cars
of ore, assaying $S1 13 per ton, and 34 cars,
assaying $29 06 per ton.
The following have been elected members of
the San Francisco and Tonopah Mining Ex
change: Peyton H. Brooks; John Hlnkel. H.
G. Dodds F. O. Chamberlain. C. E. Hudson.
The California Fruit Canners" Association
will pay a regular monthly dividend (No. 57)
of 60c per s-hare October 20.
The Belvedere Land Company of Marln
County has levied an assessment of $5 per
share, delinquent November 18.
Eastern corporations paid regular quarterly
dividends yesterday as follows: Western Union
Telegraph Company. 1%-per cent; American
Woolen Company, l^i per cent on the preferred
stock; American Shipbuilding Company. \\
per cent on the preferred stock; General Elec
tric Company, 2 per cent.
Ex-dMdend yesterday: Port Costa Water
Company, • regular monthly 30c per share,
amounting to $1500; Bank of California, regu
lar monthly. $4 per share, amounting to $120.
000; California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany, regular quarterly. $1 5O per share,
amounting to $15,000; Nevada National Bank,
regular quarterly. $1 75 per share, amounting
to $52,500; California Gas and Electric Cor
poration, regular monthly. 25c per share,
amounting to $25,000: Pre»ldio Railroad Com
pany, regular monthly, 20c per share, amount
ing to $2000; Pacific States Telegraph and
Telephone Company, regular quarterly. $1 75
per share, amounting to $227,094; Caribou Oil
Company, regular monthly, 7c per share,
amounting to $5600; Union Oil' Company, regu
lar quarterly. 70c per share, amounting • to
$70,000; United Petroleum, regular quarterly,
$1 15 per- share, -amounting" to $16,882; Dab-
West Mining Company of Utah. . a regular
monthly of 40c; Pacific Surety Company, quar
terly of $1 50. - • — • - '•
Claremont OH Company has declared a reg
ular monthly dividend of le per share, amount
ing to $5000, payable November 1. " and an
extra dividend of lc per share, amounting to
$5C0O. payable later ln November.
An assessment of 10c per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Hana Plantation Company.
An assessment of $^0 per share was delin
quent yesterday on. the capital stock of the
Settlers' Ditch Company.
An assessment of 35c per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock, of the
Western Dredging Company of Alameda
County.
A further drop In Alaska Packers from $120
to $117 under small sale* attracted jjeneral. at
tention yesterday and set the street gueaslns
as to the cause, for which several reasons
were assigned by the brokers. One was that
the large indebtedness of the company had
led a number of parties to unload their stock:
another was- manipulation; and a third was
that the company was contemplating an issue
of more stock. It was said that of the 50.000
shares capital stock 48,000 have been lasued
«nd that the remaining' 2000 are now to b«
sold.- It' was argued however, • that Issu
ance of- these 2C00 share* would bo about suf
ficient to liquidate the Indebtedness. Other
notable fluctuations were Increased firmness in
Hav/ailan Commercial - and Spring Valley
Water shares and a further declin* In Qas and
Electric to $59 87^ though the stock closed
stronger at $61 37 V, bid. There was a sale of
Mutual Savings Bank at $100.
» There was nothing new worthy of note in
th«-- oil or mining fltocks; ¦ •
Sales on the California Exchange last week
w*re 14,150 shares, valued at $9619.. the lead-
Ing sales being as follows: Associated Oil,
auOO shares and $2000 bonds; Four Oil, 110O
shares; Home 1500; Junction. 10OO; Inde
pendence. 2C00; Oil City. 1100; Monte Crlito,
900.
Late assesmelts are: Lake Land Canal and
Irrigation Company ¦ 27c. delinquent November
12; Junction Oil. 10c. delinquent November 9;
Grand Prize Oil. lc, November 1; Arllne Oil.
lc. November 14. . - ;
Continued . Sharp Decline In 'Alaska
Packers' Sto^lc.
STOCK MARKET.
' ' LQCAL MARKETS.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 60<373c per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 20@40c per box; Watermelons,
$1@2 per dozen.
GRAPES — Table varieties. I 35<f265c for
crates. 20(S30c for small boxes and 73cg$l 25
for open boxes; Wine Grapes, $13(g23per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50@3 50 per
*ox for Valenclas; Lemons, $2 50@3 for
fancy. $1 "5@2 25 for choice and %\ 25is*l 50
for standards; Grape Fruit. $2 50®3 50; Mexi
can Limes. $4@4 50 per case; Bananas. $2fi3
per bunch for Central fi.vneTica.ti and 75c3$2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2©3 per dozen.
It was reported that Cranberries, now on
the way to this market from the East, would
be delayed for some . time owing to & car
blockade on the southern route between here
and Kansas City.
STRAWBERRIES— $10@I2 per chest, for
Longworths. $1@3 50' for Mallndas and $4®7
for Cheneys.
RASPBERRIES— S3@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 9@10c per lb.
CRANBERRIES — $2(ff2 25 per box for Coos
Bay and $7 75®S for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $1 10® 1 25 for fancy. 85c@$l for
choice and 40@75c for common.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 50®2- per box In
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellis, $1@1 25;
other winter varieties. 40<350c.
PEACHES — 50<385c per box.
PLUMS — eo@75c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 40@50c for small and
$1$2 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25ift30c per box.
FIGS— Nominal.
The fruit market was.. quite active yester
day under the usual extra 1 demand for Sunday
wants, but. supplies Of most descriptions were
well up to requirements and aside from some
slight improvement In' B«rrles ' there • were no
advances in prices. Attractive, lots x>f Straw
berries did better; while" wet and 'sandy offer
ings dragged at low" figures.- A considerable
portion of the receipts of the Malinda variety
were turned over to peddlers' at the minimum
rat? and some Cheneys were, sold below the
quotations. Apples were unchanged for the
general market, although occasional sales oC
tome varieties were reported at an advance
over the top quotation. The first Eastern
Apples of the season appeared from Colorado,
several carloads, chiefly of the Ben Davis va
riety, being received. The fruit Had not been
hauled to the stores up to a late hour. Tha
other orchard fruits had but slight variance.
Melons were ft. drug on the market, with, most
dealers cutting prices 'in' order- to effect sales.
Receipts of tabl> Graphs were heavy and in
cluded much wet and generally, unattractive
stock, and prices had a wide range In conse-'
quence. Twelve boxes, of new crop Navel
Oranges, the first of the season, came In from
Rocklin, Placer County. The fruit was too
preen to be sold and was put away to ripen.
A carload of Florida Pineapples was marketed"
and met with a good demand at the' quota-,
tions.
Deciduous ..and Citrus. Fruits.
PEACHES— Are in limited supply and firm,
with choice quoted at SUC'SVic; extra choice,
8*i@0c; fancy, 9Vj®10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet and easy at about the recent fiuo
tatlons. Common, 4G4^c; prime, 4«4@3e;
choice. 5U@6J/ic: fancy. CV-i®7c.
PRUNES — Quiet, with no material change,
prices still ranging from 2c to SVic, according
to grade.
APRICOTS— Are firm, but with choice held
at 9M;c; extra choice, lOUSlOVic; fancy, 11®
13c.
BUTTER — Firm. Street prices, extra cream
ery, 21c: official prices, creamery, common to
extra, ll®21c: do held extras. 20c; State dairy!
common to extra, 13@20c.
EGGS — Unchanged.
CHEESE — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15. — FLOUR — Receipts,
20.500 barrels; exports. 0S0O barrels; market
Arm but .quiet. -Minnesota patents, ?C lO®
6 40; Minnesota bakers. $4 6CK24 90; winter
patents. $3 5C@5 75; winter stralgnts, $3 25®
650: winter extras, $3 40®4 10; winter low
grades, %'i 25^3 Oo.
WHEAT — Receipts, 15.400 bushels. Spot,
quiet; No. 2 red, $1 1!)% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, $1 23% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, $1 07 f. o. b. afloat. Options
showed strength, closing firm at a net gain of
'iS-"<4e. May closed at $1 14 Vs; July, $1 04%;
lJecemncr, $1 17 H.
HOPS — Firm. State common to choice, 1904.
31©36c;. 1903. 31tI30c: old. 14®lSc. Pacific
Coast 1!K>4. SO'EfSec; 1903, :;o<5:33c: olds, 14®lSc.
HIDES— Steady. Galveston, 17c; California,
21>t}25 pounds, l'Jc; Texas dry, 14c.
WOOL— Firm. Dom-stic fleece, 32®35c.
PETROLECM— Quiet. . .
LEAD — Firm: $4 23(S4 30.
. COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 • Rio In
voice. 8^|C: mild, quiet: Cordova, 10®13c.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; fair rerlnlng, 3%c;
centrifugal. 9C test, 4Vic; molasses sugar. 3^c.
Refined, quiet: No. 6, 4.C5c; No. 7, 4.60c; No.
S, 4.6Ce; No. 9, 4.45c; No. 10, 4.40c; No. 11.
4.30c; No. 12. 4.25c; No. 13. 4.20c; No. 14,
4.20c; confectioners' A, 4.90c: mold A r 5.40c;
cut loaf. 5.75c; crushed, 5.75c; powdered,
5.15c; granulated. 5.05c; cubes. 5.30c.
New York Grain and Produce.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS Oct. 15. — WOOL — Steady. Me-»
dium grades, combing and clothing. 20@26c:
light fine. 1SS20C; heavy fine, 13@16c; tub
washed, 22336c. - .- . . .. ,
Flour, qr sks.. . .4,290! Tallovr. ctls ,241
Wheat ctls 3.S3S: Leather, rolls ... ; 75
Barley", ctls* 4.323; Hides. No .) 4»
Oafs, ctls S1&: Pelts. Xo ... .'. X SC7
Corn (West) ctls 4,20 t Lime, bbls 316
Ikans sks 7,230! Wine, gals ......30,250
Potatoes, ska ... 1.2H1 QuicksiWer.. fish*. • 10
Onions, sks ' 3 \\ Brandy. g«ls -. .»i 3.6CO
Bran ska 2, »22I Chicory, tbls ... 35
Middlings, sks .. 900! Paper. " reams ..." 2*0
Hay. tons 0S1! Raisins bxs ..-, 3.(x)O
Hops, bales . .. -" 25H Sugar, ctls ..... l.OCO
Wool bales 260!
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER 15.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1SV— The statement of av
c-reges ot the clearing-Rouse banks of this city
fcj- the week shows: Loans $1,134,013,400, de
crease $11,975,800; deposits $1,193,2:17.700. de
crease 512.C3S.300; circulation $42,288,000, de
civ-asf $4S)S,(iOO; legal tenders $70,522,300, in
crease" $03,900; siiecic $237,745,CC»O, Increase
$241,500; reserve fai4.2C7.3O0. increase $311,400:
reserve required $20^,300, 42o, decrease S.'I.OCii.
575; surplus, $15,037,S73, Increase ?3.320,fl75;
ex-United States deposits $21,773,550, Increase
$3,332,025.
CIcaring-House Banks.
Foreizn Futures.
'. r-: v * LIVERPOOL..:'
Wheat— Dec - March.
Opening .-..............••••••' 7 C 7 714
Closing 7.0 7 tVi
PARIS.
Wheat O^ 1 - Jan.-Apl.
Opening 2^60 2173
Closing 23 CO 24 73
Flour-
Opening 3070 32 25
Closing 30 SO 32 30
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Wall street stocks close higher anrt
filiTl.
Aleska Packers stock breaks on tlje
local Board.
Local bank clearings gain 51.000.000
over latet 3 ear.
N'ol uncb flti^txiatiou in Silver and
Wheat, Barley and minor grains about
as, befoi-e.
Bnui lowt-r, Hay and Middlings un
fhanjed.
VTbcat weighing out very light in the
West.
K«in« sun very lirni anil advancing.
Potatoes In large receipt and easy.
Onions firm.
Poultry l n liffht receipt. Game season
oj>ens.
FV"lt In very good local demand.
»VaIuuts linu at a further slight ad
vance
line Butter, Cheese and Eggs in lim
ited supply.
Provisions in fair movement, with a
firm undertone.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Estimates of English Hop crop re
duced.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 15. — Tc-day's statement
ci the Treasniry shows: Available cash bal
ances, ?14 t «,01«. 144; gold. $77.4C8,277. .
SIMMAUY OF Till: MARKETS.
The week closed with no new features to
leport. Itutt«t- was stetidy- at the advahce
nctcd yt-steiday. though only the best Hum
biil-it crt.-amei-Ii.is will bring the top quotation.
Fine ranch Kjtgs ,cont?nued .in light . supply
and suacly . Cheese fhowed no change.
P.eccipts were 30,5C0 lbs Batter, D3G cases
Epps and 90CO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 3C@3U
for extras ami 2:uf?2Sc -for lower- to- medium
grades; Oalry. 21@24c; cold storage. 24c; store
Butter, 17f?C0c; ' Kastern creamery. 214@23c;
Eastern ladlc-packcd. 165?17c per, lb. -. . ,
CHEESE— 11@ 12c for diolce mild, new and
S@lCc for old: cold storage. ' lOUfZllc: Toun^
Americas 114012c; Eastern, ldpliic. per.lb.
" EGGS— Ranch, SOifUQc Xo r large white :«e
lected, 3"tf?3£c for good to choice and '¦iiQMte
for common: cold ytorajre, 27i~ig3f>c; ?tcr?,
nominal; Eastern.' 25?i2Sc"for choice. 23Q'232
for standards and 21@22c for seconds.
Butter,- Cheese and Effffs.
Iw jifd ; ! S5 i S"
3CO £loss S S i I Col 45 44V4 44*« 45
Do i>fd j'. • 1 01 aOO „
St J Ac G 1 j ' ; 1« 1.17
Do l«t p£d...[ ilJ 1 62 | 54
Do -a pfd ...:...,., I I 27 I 2S
SL & .«F 1st Via' •••••'•.•••• 7S 175.
1.900 Do 2d pfd I Coii! 62?4 63 6SVi i
5.X. St L * S W....|-a I i2^4 22>; 22% I
2.<^>i» Do pfd i.iOVsi 40^| 50 X<(\\ *
f<4.M>> . Southern Pacific! _C3 I 60V1 tiS^' 62Th - 1
2.VK*; Southern Ry. . : . 34UI 34 S4% 34^1
2.11(0 Do pfd ¦- ."¦.! US 84?;'04»i 05
Standard Oil ...; 643- 645
2O0 Stan R & Twine l«i 1% 1H . 2 j
500 Tenn Coal & I ' 574 53»* 57^4 57»i
iTex Pac L T Co 67% 67^
6.20V Texas Padflc ..!84*s 34 Xl*i 34 .
Third, A ve |:. .. . .. ..: 129H 130
Tol Ry & T Co.! 33 34
2<X»Tol St L & W..f 31 311*
2oo( Do pfd 51 51 ! 5O^ 01
200 Twin City R T. 10S*i 103% 103H]lC3Va
iUn Ba.g & Paper) 1 7H 8 •
50.200"Union Pacific . . HO7T4 107H 107%ill07%
I Do pfd 1-04^41 94%
!U P Conv 4s jlO9*i 110
'T.'nited Copper 8 7
"United R cl S F 13*i U%
400; Do pfd 57»41 57»£ 57% 58
J Do 4s I 84 85
30WU S Cast I Pipe. 14% '14H! 14 14»i
l.SOCi 1 Do pfd «4Hf"<M I O4%r 65
100 U S Express !120 1120 119 |l21
4.40O u S Leather 1 11^! 11>4 ll\i! 11%
400! Do pfd :.. 89",! 89% 89«i 00
• 8,900 U S Rubber ...(30 I 29% 29!^ 30
4*X>* Do pfd 85»-4l 84%! M^i 85V4
21.100U S Eteel Cor. ..I 21*; 20%! 21V 4 21% 1
60,300' Do pfd SI M:l 80% 81«<, S1H
300Va-Car Chem Col 36 ! 35Tg! 35% 3«
BOO) Do pfd !lO9«, 108 !107Tg!108
1.3K> ; Waba»h I 21»i! 2OX4) 21 I 21 14 i
2.«X<r«! Do pfd 43 I 42Vs! 42% 42%
i Do deb Bs t I 661^1 CSV*
SWeils-Farso Ex.1 I. .... 1240 |245
700 Western Unlcn.. 82\A| 02m P2%! 82%
1.100 WcFtlnchot-BH ...'160 il«S il«t"%!lfifl
I Do 1st pfd 1 1 1165 1100
3O0W & L. E I 18'.il 18 I 18^4! 1«>;
300' Do li=t pfd 45U 45 45 45»4
I Do M pfd 27>-4 2« 27 27t£
3rtO Wlecon Central..! 22 ] 21% 21 22
100! Do pfd 43% 45% 45% 43%
!So Pacific -pfd I ]115 110
802.400 total shares sold.
Xeiv York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .104%! Man con gold 48.105^!
Do coupon 104%IMez Central 4s... 74
Do 3e reg 104ifc| Do 1st inc 19%
Do coupon 105i-i!Minn & St L 4s.. 94'i
Do new 4s reg.130%1 M. K & Texas 4S.101H
Do coupon 131%] Do 2d"s 85^
Do old 4s reg.lOtiHl NR of Mex con 4s 79
Do coupon 1064= N Y C gen 3%e.. 10014
Atch gen 4s 102HJ N J C gen 5e....l34^
Do adj 4s »7 I Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Atlantic C L 4s. t)*.^' Do 3s 75
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103 4! Nor & \V con 4S.100H
Do 3U» 95*i OSL 4s & partic. 98%
Central of Ga 5s.ll3% Pa conv 34s 102Vt
Do 1st inc S3 ! Reading gen 4s... 101%
Ches & Ohio 44s.lO5%! S L. & I M con 56.115^
Chi & Alton 34». SIVmS L & S F fg 4s. 88
CM & RP gn 48.1094' St Louis SW lsts. 98%
C & NW con 7S.12SV Seaboard A L 4s. 80%
C R I & Pac 4s. 77%ISo Pacific 4s 94*.i
Do col 5s 87 (So Railway 5s.. ..118H
C.C.C & SLcn 4S.102 j Tex & Pac lsts. 1214
Chi Term 4s 78 I Tol. St L & W 4s. 80%
Cons Tobacco 4a. 74^1 Union Pacific 4S.105V4
Co!o & So 4s S7 Do conv 4s 110
Den & Rto G. 4f.l(n>,»! V R Ste*l 2d Cs.. 87T4
Erie prior Hen 48.100 I VV'abash lsts .....118%
Do rcn 4s 87%! Do deb B C8%"
F W &. D C lsts.11041 W & L Erie 4s... 91
Hook Val 44«... 1091^1 Wis Central 4s..^91
L & N unified 4s.lO2 I
New York Minins Stocks.
Adams Coa 20 1 Little Chief 06
Allc* 8Ui Ontario 3 75
Breece t 15'Ophlr 2 15
Bruns Con •. OCt Phoenix 21
Com Tunnel 10! Potosi <• 16
ron Cal & Va... 1 05:Savaae ' 30
Horn Silver . «... -1 5.'. Sierra Nevada.... 32
Iron Silver 1 »0! Small Hopes 30
Lead ville Con 021 Standard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— . lU S Eteel 21%
Call loans 2@3! Do Pfd .... SHi.
. Time loans 4©5' Westing Common. 84%
Bonds — A Mining —
Atclii*on 4s lOlTij Adventure 3T4
Do adj 4s 9<J>*! Allouez 12%
M»x Central 4s... 704| Amal Copper 64U
Railroad* — Amer Zinc 14
Atchlson 8.")%! Atlantic 1.1%
Do pfd 101 iBlngham.: 2r>,i
Boston & Albany.24S',j! Calumet & Hecla,5£0
Boston & Maine.163 ! Centennial 274
Boston E!cv 3 53 I Copper Range ... -«l%-
Fitchburr pfd 13» 1 Duly West 13 1
Mex Central 15>;iDom Coal 55
N V N H & R.-.1M 'Franklin-... -..-.-...-• 8%
Prre Marquette... 76 I c.rancy 3%
Urlon Pacific 107%IIMe Royal« 21
M:«o*!llaneoua— | Ma*e Mining .... 0 '
Amer Arije Chem. lft'S: Michigan 7%
Do pfd .... 80%| Mohawk 49
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 4 ! Mont Coal & Coke «4
A:nrr Rugar 130 'Old Dominion ... 21 ¦.
Do pM 134 I Osceola ...., J>0'i
Amfr Tel k Te!. 140%! Parrot 25U
Amer Woolen ... 17%lQuincy 944
Do rfd S.1 j Shannon 5%
Don Iron ft K... 14 ITamarack 122'
Kd Fl*ct Ilium.. 2.'.2 ! Trinity g»:
r,on Electric 174 |U S Mining 25W
M».s Electric 1S% jtl S Oil »«.;
Do pfd P5 Utah , 4HJZ
Ma?« G«s 42 (Victoria 3%
T'nitM Fruit 105 IWinona 9"
Un Sho* Mach... T..1 • Wolverine Q$y,
Do pf(J 31 I .
London Closins Stocks.
Cons money . .88 3-161 N y Central ISS'J
Do acct SSiJiNcr & Western... 74%
Anaconda 5',»( Do pfd ........ 93 t'
Atrhison Sfl j Ont & Western... 36%
Do pfd 103% I Pennsylvania 60^
Bait & Ohio. , . . . . 97 Rar.rt .Mines 10^
Cnn Pacific 138% Reading . .'. , 37%
Chea & Ohio 46 W Do 1st pfd . 444
Chi Great West.. .1841. Do 2d pfd 40%
Chi. Mil & £t P.174,ISo Railway , 3S%
De Beers IS I Do pfd ....97 .
D^n & Rio G 304! So Pacific 62%
Do pfd M%'Unlop Pacific tlft'/ t
Erie 34-%l Do pM ..V 1MJU
Do iFt nfd "lUitT S St?c! 21%
Do 2-1 rfd 49'il Do pfd «2%
IM Ortrtml . .1*W/-'- A^abash 21%
I.ou'# ¦& Ns»h....irM ( Do pfd 44
M. K ft.TeXin;.-. 294! . .v~: : .r
P.ar silver — Steady. 2fi%<j.per ounce.
Money— J/51U j>er cent. ..^ ,.. ,
The rat*' of. discount In the open market "for
short bills Is 2M«?2% pe r cent and for three
i snaths'; bill* 2462% :j.er .cent • . : ¦
**'£ .-.- '¦ ¦ .' ' .'..'¦ "... . )
! Do pfd.- I..-. v.I 04U| 97-
l.Sul, General Electric. "]176 174.*4!174'l|175
'tit Northern pfd;:..^. ..J..191 |1M2
Idreen Con Copper,*. . . -v .;-... 'M%\ "!'•
.. .Havana Tcb Co 1....-1 2S 2S^
• •-...| Do pfc.v...:. :...:!..'..: s7Vi '8s>
, '-WO:Hocfcing VaUcy.. ¦ 62..]. 82 j 80 «
......[ Do pia .....r...,'. s&vi oo
3.«WJ0j Illinois Central.. 145Uil4l*i 143 |143U
l.lCO,Ir.terntl Paper.. l«i.i.|- lSVi iSVi W
1,2001 Do pfd 79 1-7S • 78H ~7S*i
7Ot';inttrnU Power.. 70 09',4 C'J'i 70^;
jlnterr.utl Pump 36 . 37 .-¦
. Do pf a SI £2
'Iowa Central 23?; 2Gti
! Dn pfd ; 46 4'3'm
;Kanawha & Mich 34Vs ."S^.
200XC.FIS & M pfdl 78% j 78% '7SJa 79
•JOCvK C Southern.. i 26-T4j2<JHi- 2i>H "20U
1.0tX»! Do yli | 51 1:41)^ 50 H 50U
SOOlKeoknk & Dcs III 15% 15%iloH 16
;Laclede Gas pfdi : 80 100
;L&ke Erie i \V| S24 04
Do pfd..'. j »5 105
|Lor.a leland.' | 50 bpM
l*,i<W L tc N .137 1319i,i:^5 [VSo^
l.lOv Manhattan 1159** 15S%|i59«tJlS»!4
"Manhattan B...; .• i »VsilOVi
2.S00 Met Securities. ..| S5H 8.1 I 83 I tv">Mi
«,700jMet St Ry I123V4 1122% 1122 tt]122$fc
2. 4w Mexican Central. | 15! 8 I 1*^* ls ?*i lo ™
l,30«',Minr. &StL...i57 (56 5« j 07
I«i, I*t D f d... j U2 i »'S
,M St P & S S M 83% S3Vi B3V4 &3^
¦¦ Do pfd i I |l-*4 \Wiht
R.OtO Mo Kan & Tex.' 2¥«4, 27 j 2S : «;i 28 Si
U.OCO: Do t.fd i 58 i T.7?;, 57M,| 5S •
15.C1V Mipsaurl Pac...l102»i 1U1?»,101"»,102
4CV Xafh C & St L.U34 l 4il34 ;134H;13tf
2,200|Natlonal Leed..i 23t«; 24Vj. ~i%\ "i\9
1OU 1>j pfd * 5*3 V»3 j iic^i Si i ?g
Nat R 11 of M.j | l'.'Vi! 20V*
l.WCO. Do pfd I 41 404 404 «";
iWXat iiiscult i 19% I 41>H. 4S^| 49%
i Do rfd ' I ilOu^ jllO-*,
300 N J Central.. ..|lS4?iilS4?i;lS4V4!l8.*.
4<X- N T Air Brake. jl37Vi|135J»|137 |K>7%
U.900JM T Central ...115515 134^:130 |135y 4
ICON Y C & St L-. 34 j 34 j 34 j 35
: Do 1st vt& HO 116
I Do M PM 6S 69%
N V Dock I 14 17
K Y N H & H..1 103 184
2,00<' X V Ont & W..J S5 T 4I 35%| 35»ij 35: 8
4.300 Norfolk & West 72T*i ~-hi\ 72% 72»i
j Do -prd ] I 92 I S3
:iOO North Amer.'... i 04«;i 04H! «4^i 05
[Northern Secur ' ill4 115
Omaha. |140 150
. . . . Do rjfd 185 1U0
O S L 4s ! ttS% OO',i
*0>i;Paciflc Coast . . ! 69 eS^l CS 70
'. | Do 1st pfd...! I US 10S
:;00i Do 'id p/d...I 76T4| 7GH! 7ti^ 77
1. NXi Pacific Mail ..; 38Vsi 3^?4i -S I 3SU
C1.«<X) Pern K U Co..il3« 139ft 136%|13B%h
SO.&fit' People's Gas ...|10SH;107 llO7Vi|107%
P C C & St L..i > I 7<5 i 77
; Do r>;d [ | 1MH108
-.SOrPrested S C 4.J i 41> 2 , 42'si 42&i
2.1O0 TW Dfd 84 i S34 ; S.V.ji M
100 Pullman Car Co.i229> 22a 22s ,230
1.5O0 Ry lateel S Co..: 27Hi ?*>m "42Vji 42*i
2<X» Do rfd ....... i S5 I S3 i 65
£0.700 Readirg i 73 | 72%; 72U 72»i
200 Do 1st pfd...J S«H! Se^| St5V 4 S9H
, Do 2d pfd...i |. i S4^ t | 85^»
4 100 Republic S & I..1 i2»si 12 j 12V» l~%
4.2CK) Do pfd |M jB2HJ 82»4 52%
1.1)00 Rubber Goods ,..! 24i«. 23^; Si 1 * 23%
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old; 14® 15c per
lb for Gobblers and 13@lGc for Hens; young
Turkey*. 20Q22c per Ib; Geese; per pair. $1 5>
©1 76; Goslings, $1 75S2: Ducks. $4 50@r> per
daaen for old and $4 5O@G. far young: Hecs,
$4 50(55 for nnall nvA ?5<!J5 50 for large: young
Roosters, ?5®5 50; old Roosters $4 50(g5; Fry
ers. $4@4 5(F; Broilers, $0@4; Pigeons. |1 25
per dozen !or old and ?2JJ2. 50 for Squab*.
GAME — Wild Doves. $1 25 per dozen; Gray
Geese. $5 per dozen: ' Ensrlish Snipe. So per
dozen: common Snipe, $1 75 per dozen: Hart-,
$1 75*" 2 per dozen; Rabbits. $2g2 25 per dozen
ior Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush. ,
HOGS— Receipts, SSOO. Steady. Heavy.
$5 Oder, lo; mixed. $5 H»(S5 12Vj; light. $5 07*49
5 13; pigs, Si50®5; bulk of- eales^Si xa©5 12^i.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2700. Steady. Western
yearlinjrs, ?:iO0@i; wethers. $3 40#3 80; ewes.
$3®3 50; common and stockers, J2 50@3 75;
lambs, $4 50{g3 25. • • • '
OMAHA. Oct. 15.— CATTLS— Receipts. 100.
Market nominally unchanged. Native steers,
HfiGlO; Western steers, 530160; range cow*
nnd heifers. ?2 25<g.'.! 25; stockers and feeders;
$•2 23@3 Oo.
$.i*,KK35, 30; .heavy.-;?'- 7\®* *<>'> packers. f 5 15®
0 30: pigs and light, $4 80<g5 10.
SHEEP— None. Market nominally steady.
- .. ¦ -. .¦ -* .. Oinahii.'' '¦- . .„ ; ,¦
KED AND WHITE LEAD— R«<J Lead. 7Uf» I
7*c per lb; White Lead. V,i&V&c. according
to quantity. „ ' , _ i
SUGAR— The Western Sujjar Refining Com- !
pany quotes as follow*, per lb. In 100-Ib tags: ¦
Cubes A Crushed and Fin* Crushed. 0.23c; :
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; D~y ,
Granulated, fine. «c; Dry Granulated, coarse. -!
Be; Fruit Granulated. 6e: Be«t Granulated j
(ICO-lb bag* only) 0.90r; Confectioners' A. oc; j
Magnolia -A -5.e0c; Extra C. 5.30c; Golden. C.
3.4oc: "D." 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; t&i; j
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50- lb bags, |
lCc more fo' all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels. ]
6.5Oc; bpxef. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less . than ]
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent. ;
cene 23c- Deodorized Store Gasoline. in bulk, j
loc-.'in cases. L'l'Vjc; Btnzine. in bulk. 13c: In
cases. IDV3C: S6-d«gr«o Gasoline. In bulk. -5c; [
In cases. 31e. • ._ ¦ *
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cate» ftnd j
75c In drums and Iron barrels. ¦ •. « 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
Ala • S Co. . . — 27 f Lon& SF Bk. — 60
Amer Bis Co — 80- IMatNaV Co. 60- w ' :
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.105
Cal-G&ECor. 46V4 50 N S R R Co. 9U
C Jockey Cl. — 112% N Cal P Co. 8% 9}J
Cal Powder. 130 145 j Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 JOak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T — , 155 ( IOOF Hall A 6J4 —
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
25
AD\"ERTISE>IEyTS.
NEW YORK. SAX FRANCISCO.
Telephone Call Telfphone Call
4209 Broad Main 3070.
E. F. HUTTON & CO,
BANKERS AND BROKERS
Members
New York Stock Exchange.
New York Cotton Exchange.
New York Coffee Exchange.
Chicago Board of Trad*.
V " RICHARD E. MULCAHY. Manager.
40O California street.
San Ftanclaco.
33-35 New stXMl, j
New York. ;
150% ADVANCE
IN 30 DAYS
November 13 price of our stock will advance
to 5 cents per share. Present pries 2 cents
t*r share, cash or installments. Par valus
Si- rer shar«. non-asse3sabie. Are developins:
40 acres of rich gold land in the famous Gold-
field district, cloee to the larsest producers.
Own all our property. No debts. Are develop-
ing property and have struck good ore bodr.
U-erefore price will advance to 5 cents per
K j' iare jjo per cer.t— on November 15. and the
«tock will b« withdrawn entirely when we
reach the high grade ore bodies which we feel
sure will soon be- openid ur> in our shaft. Now
lit the time to get In on this exceptionally good
property at lowest possible . price. Fortunes
made every day ln Goldfiald and we may
strike It «ny day. Write or wire at ones for
Darticulars or call at our local office. ¦ THE
BIG ELK GOLD MINES CO.. 716 ItalUa-
Amerlcan Bank Bid*., San Francisco, Cal.
-'- .- . " ¦ «The "foreign" colony in Florence.
Italy, is not so large as it used to be.
many of the wealthy families having
removed to Cairo, Egypt.
girls by telling them that he has just
arrived from Sweden and knows their
parents or relatives. Then 1 he borrows
money from them, promising to return
it, but failing to reappear. He is de
scribed as about 45 years of age. six
feet tall, with bald head and brown
mustache and wears a gray sack suit
and black derby hat.
.,- The,' police v are searching for a man
who has been victimizing Swedish
servant girls. . *He" is a smooth talker
and gets into the confidence of the
Swindles Swedish Girls.
The trial of C. L. Daniels, charged
with felony embezzlement, was con
cluded before a jury in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday. The foreman,
Orville D. Baldwin, after reading the
verdict of the jury convicting the de
fendant remarked: "This is the hard
est thing I ever did in my life." Dan
iels' father was in the courtroom and
burst into tears. Sentence will be
passed on October 22.
Daniels was employed as a clerk by
the Illinois Pacific Glass Company. On
April 16 he collected from the South
ern Pacific Company -$98 40, being a
claim against the railroad company
for loss on a shipment of siphon bot
tles. He disappeared with the money
and was traced to "Waco, A. T., where
lie had secured employment in a tele
graph office. While there he received
the dispatch, asking the Sheriff, to ar
rest him. He was kept under sur
veillance till Detective Whitaker ar
rived with the papers for-his extradi
tion. He had previously borne an ex
cellent character.
At the first trial of the case before
a jury in Judge Dunne's court an
agreement could not be reached and
the jury was discharged. -\v >"• ¦¦'.
Foreman After Reading the Verdict
Says It Was the Hardest Thing
He Ever Did.
JURY CONVICTS DANIELS
OF EMBEZZLING FUNDS
Captain James King of the j British
ship Iverclyde lying off Mission street
¦wharf obtained a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest of J. A. Fritzen, T. Noble and
Sailors Steal a Scow.
Charles Leaon Stewart yesterday be
gun action in the Superior Court for
the annullment of his marriage with
Daisy May Morris, which occurred at
San Rafael on April 9 last. He says
that his consent to the union was ob
tained by force and fraud under
threats of a criminal prosecution for a
felony. The license was issued in the
name of Leaon Steward and May
Morse. Suits for divorce were filed by
Hannah Cain against Thomas Cain,
m- gleet; Wilburt Hadley against Ida
Maud Hadley, desertion; John Ziegler
against Emily Ziegler, desertion.
Says He Was Forced to Wed.
S. F. Flower, three of his crew, on a
charge of petty larceny. He alleges
that the three sailors stole a scow
which lay alongside the ship on Fri
day night and neither they nor the
scow have been seen since.
Those who desire to assist in the
movement are requested to communi
cate with W. iH. Saylor, secretary of
the California Creamery Operators'
Association, 114 California street.
The California Promotion Commit
tee is actively working to have the
next annual convention of the Na
tional Butter-makers held in this city.
A committee consisting of Messrs. Mc-
Edwards, A. Lyon and W. H. Saylor
yesterday raised the sum of $825 ,in
two hours to promote the idea. This
fund will be devoted solely to premi
ums and cash prize awards In case the
convention shall be secured for San
Francisco. The contributors who
pledged their support yesterday are
the following: De Laval Dairy Sup
ply Company, $100; Baker & Hamil
ton, $100; Leslie Salt Refining Com
pany, $100; Dodge, Sweeney & Co.,
$100; Joshua Hendy Machine 'Works,
$100; Dairy and Produce Review,
$50; Schulz, Niggle & Co., $50; Charles
D. Pierce, $50; Hills Bros., $50; Rou
sall & Davidson. $25; Fred B. Haight,
$25; Crystal Cream and Butter Com
pany, Sacramento, $25; G. A. McEd
ward, $25; Oakland Cream Depot,
Oakland, $25.
Subscription Is Started to Provide
Funds for Prizes and Premiums
for Butter-Makers.
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
TRYING FOR CONVENTION
The Bu41ding Trades Council yester
dsy filed a protest with the Supervisors
against the proposed ordinance limit
ing the speed of electric cars to eight
miles an hour. It is claimed that the
limitation in outlying districts would
retard the growth of the suburbs and
bo injurious to the city.
Objects to Limiting Speed.
Mary ConnoJly, age 15, living at 306
Shotwell stre«t, was at work in the
California Pap^r Box Factory yester
day when her right hand was caught
In a machine and the fingers were
.badly lacerated. She was treated at
the City and County Hospital by Dr.
XV. M. Law loir.
Girls Fingers Cut by Machine.
The Paraiso Springs are always open. •
Fall hats. 1304. just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palacc*
That Miss Ellen Hitchcock be tem
porarily appointed a teacher of
French in the Lincoln Evening School
during the leave gTanted Miss C. B.
La Barraque from October 17, 1904,
to April 17, 1905. for the purpose of
study and travel.
The Board of Education held a spe
cial meeting and adopted a resolution
providing as follows:
That Miss Elizabeth E. Kelly, prin
cipal of the Jefferson Primary School,
be transferred to the principalship of
the Humboldt Primary School during
the leave of Miss Marie Ruef.
That Miss Theresa Spencer, a reg
ular teacher in the Commercial Day
School, be temporarily, appointed to
the position of acting principal of the
Jefferson Primary School, vice Miss
E. E. Kelly, transferred.
Board of Education Makes Assign
ment* Necessitated by Granting
of Leaves of Absence.
Judge Coffey yesterday morning
granted the order for the taking of
depositions of six witnesses in New
York desired by the executors of Ber
tha M. Dolbeer's will and at the same
time made an order for five more dep
ositions on the Schander side. The
ftames presented by Attorney Albert
M. Johnson were received by tele
graph from New York and he does not
know the nature of their expected tes
timony. They are Eugene Hudgrins,
"William Ingliss. Dan Slattery, Dan
Packard and James F. McElhone. Mr.
Johnson asked to add the name of E.
H. Emory to the list, having received
it after giving notice of the others,
but Attorney Sutro. representing Mr.
Pillsbury. would not consent.
Five More Names Added to List of
Witness's in the Dolbecr .
Will Contest-
TWO SCHOOLS TO HAVE
TEMPORARY PRINCIPALS
ANOTHER BATCH OF
DEPOSITIONS FOR SCHANDER
Along the Market street front on the mezzanine
floor extend the cash and wrapping departments,
and here a long string of girls is kept constantly
busy. On this floor also may be found a postofllce,
Another fine department store has been added to
the exceptional mercantile institutions of the city
by the opening of Pragers, at the intersection of
Market, Jones and McAllister streets. The Immense
Murphy building, formerly the home of business of
fices, has been fitted up in elaborate style, and San
Francisco shoppers will enjoy a treat by visiting
the store, which will be the largest of its kind west
of Chicago.
In making the changes and fitting up the place
the management has endeavored In every way to
make the comfort of visitors and buyers the first
consideration. Large waiting-rooms, attendants,^
modern conveniences of every description and wide,
spacious aisles are features of the entire building.
And not alone the comfort of shoppers, but the
welfare of the hundreds of girls that are employed
by the concern is looked to with as great care — well-
Hghted workrooms and counters, dining-rooms and
retiring-rooms, and, in fact, every convenience to
make their work pleasant and agreeable.
The main entrance leads into a wide main aisle,
over the center of which is a large court, where the
daylight streams down and floods every floor. This,
in addition to the light received from the Market,
Jones and Golden Gate avenue frontages, makes the
Prager building by far the most airy and best
lighted Btore on the Pacific Coast. The court is one
of the most attractive features of the building, and
the store management has taken advantage of this,
fact by placing chairs along the balconies facing
the court so that the occupants may command a
view of the lower floors. The court is also deco
rated by rows of electric bulbs, lighted at night,
and at the top are placed oil paintings of irfany Pa
cific Coast scenes.
As one enters the store on the left Is to be found
the department devoted to the needs of man — cigar
and tobacco, clothing, shoes and men's furnishing
goods. The remainder of the floor is devoted to the
requirements of femininity. A feature of each floor
Is the fact that the shelves for storing goods are
not over five feet in height, thus enabling one to
obtain a clear view of the entire floor.
"My dearest Gladys, or shall I say
Roberta — for you know you're my dear
est, no matter what you take for a
stage name — I know you will blame me
for this and all the subsequent ex
posure, but, loved one, what does it all
matter what the public say or think,
anyhow? Sweetness, couldn't you have
given me one loving word instead of.
turning me down, as you did at your
room door on that eventful Saturday
evening? Ah, well, loved one, it is all
over now, and let all the blame rest on
poor, unfortunate George. You know
well that I would have made you a
good husband instead of taunting me
as you did and making me out to be a
fool, and worse. Weli, darling, remem
ber, if you by any chance should be
questioned about this affair you know
strictly nothing— simply that I was one
of the many suckers that passed
through your hands, and you can rest
assured that there will be nothing from
me. Now, dearest love, I think you
ought to take a tumble and quit the
game. Try and settle down to a quiet
home life, and don't hurry yourself into
the grave, for remember, even If I am
gone, I will still be able to watch you,
and as you have sent me below, so I
will wait and watch for you unless you
turn over an entirely new leaf. Every
time you get drunk I will certainly
haunt you, but If you lead a good life
from now on— well, I won't have lived
in vain. Good-by, dearest. Think some
times of me as the man who died for
you. GEORGE TAVENDALE."
The following letter from the suicide
was also found:
"337 Eddy, Oct. 11.
"SACRAMENTO, Oct. 10, 1894.— My
Dear George: Received your little bun
dle of sunshine, which was brought to
me by Mabel and Margie this morning.
I have been very sick a-bed for over a
week with a very high fever, and I am
very sorry to say that whisky was the
cause of it. I shall have had a nurse
one week to-day, also a doctor. You
often told me if ever I needed a friend
I could find one in you. I am financial
ly embarrassed. George, dear, will you
help me? Nurse says I must not sit up
any longer, so will say good-by. "With
fondest love and kisses plenty, I am
ever your little GLADYS.
"Mabel and Margie send their re
gards."
LETTER TO GLADYS.
Tavendale was a furnishing goods
clerk and had been employed some time
ago by Eagleson and Welnstock & Lu
bln. From correspondence found among
his effects it was evident that he loved
the actress, whose real name is Roberta
"Warner, and that he had been sending
her money from time to time. Her in
temperate habits and her coldness to
ward him had disgusted him, and
there is no doubt that he took his life
while under a spell of melancholy.
The following note from the girl was
found in the room:
EMPLOYED AS CLERK.
— • -
With a curse upon his lips and a
threat that his ghost will haunt the
woman he loved, James Tavendale
passed out of life last Friday night.
His body was found in his bed yester
day morning at 337 Eddy street. One
end of a rubber tube was between his
teeth and the other end affixed to a gas
burner. On the dresser near the bed
was a note to Gladys Grey, an actress
at the Casino Theater, in Sacramento,
In which the following passage occurs:
"For remember, even If I am gone, I
will still be able to watch you, and as
you have sent me to death so I will
wait and watch for you unless you turn
over an entirely new leaf."
Despondent Clerk Ends His
Life After Beading Note
From His Sweetheart
After a Year of Preparation,
Pragers Will Throw Open
to the Public To-morrow
the Entire Big Building
at the Intersection oF
Market, Jones and
McAllister Sts.
WHITES HAKSH KEBUKE
James Tavendale Threatens
to Haunt Actress Gladys
Grey After His Death
Emphasized in the Opening of the- Largest Department
Store in the West.
public telephone booths, manicure, halrdresslng and barber parlors.
Ice cream and candy counters have been placed near the east ele
vators. A bureau of information for the convenience of visitors ha«
been installed.
On the second floor are the business offices, cloak and suit rooms,
millinery and draperies. Here, as on all the other floors, commo
dious retiring-rooms for women are placed conveniently. Arouni
the court on this floor are lounging chairs, from which a fine view
of the interior may be gained.
The third floor is given over to kitchen utensils, crockery, toys.
artists' supplies and pictures. A three-room picture gallery for
display Is an attractive feature, as Is also the special booth for the
display of fancy cut glass. In connection with the picture gallery
Is a room for the manufacture of frames and mats. Separate
rooms for card writers and checking clerks and a handsome mu
sic department complete the third floor.
Groceries and liquors occupy the entire fourth floor, with the
exception of a space reserved for the cafe, which is light and pleas
ant and affords a view of Market street. The kitchen, adjoining
the cafe, is admirably fitted to secure proper ventilation and the
carrying away of cooking odors.
On the fifth or top floor may be found a decidedly novel and
progressive feature of the store. On the entire Jones street side Is
a large space apportioned off for a stage and vaudeville hall. Here
visitors may soon enjoy vaudeville sketches; songs and music at
the company's expense. The rest of the floor is used by the trunk,
valise, sporting goods and a number of other departments. On this
floor will be a booth where customers may select premiums for the
trading stamps Issued by the store. A dining-room for the em
ployes Is also located on the'top floor.
The management of Pragera has spared no expense In mak
ing the store a place where almost anything may be purchased,
from a ton of coal to a harvesting machine. Nor have they neg
lected the material side of the business in regard to shipping and
consigning of goods. Freight elevators carry the bales and bundles
from floor to floor, as the four large passenger elevators carry tha
shoppers. Chutes and telephones connect departments with storage
and shipping rooms. Broad staircases and wide exits, fire-escapes
and flre-flghting devices make the building safe.
A large basement that extends under the entire store Is devoted
to the storage of goods and the housing of the receiving and ship
ping departments. On one side Is located the receiving department,
where carloads of supplies are received and sent to the proper
places in the store, while on the other the shipping department at
tends to the wrapping and marking of goods, sends them up to
the waiting wagons on Jones street and from there the merchan
dise is whirled away to the purchasers throughout the city.
The formal opening of the entire building will take place to-mor
row, and some fine features have been prepared for the entertain
ment of visitors. A grand orchestral concert will be given from !
until 5 o'clock p. m., and a magnificent programme has been ar
ranged.
SAN FRANCISCO'S PROGRESS
DIES CURSING
HIS BELOVED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1G, 1904.
26
ADVERTISEAIKSTS.
Manufacturer's Surplus
M Ready=to=Wear Garments..
Consisting of about 1200 Shirt Waists, to be placed on sale for
about half value, and about 200 Suits at about 20 per
cent reduction. Sale begins 9 a. m. to-morrow
IMT HO. I I -JJ*£i!? >X i,., i I 10T NO. Ill
S1.50 Wai.!*. 95c_ *3? SSSS Sff •"» Walst- S2.95
Of One all-wool tross: Scotch nannel i^?i vfench batllte
flannel, in all colors in plain colors and French flfnn el sf-
and sizes: also mer- striped, also alpaca ?n?P« «£? oii\J?oi
cerized lateen. | tojl coloVs; all | | g^gh SffrtfiK
Suits, Skirts, Coats Dress Goods
Second Floor — Take Elevator. Two N'ew Autumn Novelties.
MAH-TAILOEED SUITS — $25.00 S1.00 AND S1.25 TAILOB SUIT-
sultp. The new coat 6tyles ln hip and INGS, OJ)e a Yard — Including rain-
three-quarter lengths; also blouae proor cravenettes. fancy tweeds, zlbe-
styles; a great variety; made of Ly- lines, mannish mixed suitings, Eng-
mansville cheviots, harring-bone and lish worsteds, etc.; all wool, from 42 to
Scotch twrod cloth effects; all styles. 4S Inches wide. Sale price, yard. .G9c
colors and sizes. Sale price. .$19.75
-^.-r-n-T^T^ o-B-1-Dn.e ty, coaa 81.00 CBXTSHED VEIiVETTA SUIT-
WA11OSG SUBTS- The $8 00 mos. 7."»C— All the rage for winter
kind. Of <heviots mixtures and solid suits, evening waists and jackets and
cloth effects: kilted and strapped children's coats. Come in burnt or-
styles in an immense variety and in ange. golden brown, seal, navy, gar-
many colorings. Sale price. . .$6.00 nPtf castor, emerald, olive and black;
jCTEW TOURIST COATS — Worth 22 Inches. Special sale. yard... 75c
$17. 00. English coverts and Scotch _ ivi«« <— . »
manni!.!! mixtures; In llpht and dark TWOStrOngSllK SpeCiaiS
shadfs; no two alike; all sizes. Sale e * r
prlc<? S14.5O FANCY TAFFETA SILX, "Worth
Sheets and Pillow Cases ia^..^ he &.. T rSsS5 l piei l d n «l
tk^ Ttrn «5TrrT<T«i van r.r. m. quality. A bargain If you can find
7oC BED SHEETS 1UB <>OC — *' x _.i,.. t ..... -,,.> n T . ar ,i "t<»..
90: heavy bleached muslin. each..55c * hat 5 U want> a 5ard t5yc
13HC FULOW CASES. Oc-4Sx36; „ BEAC* TAPPETAS— Heavy qual-
«tra heavy bleached muslin. Special. l*y — "a'* to-morrow. $1.00 gTade.. , f>C
each Oc 81.25 gTade '. OSc
Fancy Goods at Special Prices
I Swiss toilet sets, value BOc; i i Silk Chiffon; value 75c; 42
29C assorted patterns: ruffled 4fC Inches; extra quality; all
' all around with pin cushion l — ' colors, including black and
cover; all lined with colored cambric. . . _ . .
Broad tail crushed velvet
89C belts; value $1.50; 6 Inches
' — - — I wide; lined and finished with
I We are cleaning up all la- a beautiful assortment of buckles; all
23C dips' wash neckwear, includ- Eizca ln «« w E.V??? » hades : orange.
I < , „ ,._ . „ . , cream and black. All the rage at pres-
ing lace stocks and fancy ent Two days onIy> Monday and
collars; values 35c to 75c. Tuesday.
Embroidery Lessons Given Free of Charge
We have just completed arrangements with a well-known art needle-work
teacher to give free lessons in fancy work to our patrons Tuesdays and Fridays,
from 9 i. m. to 12 m. Stamping Free of Charge on all materials purchased
in our store.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\
SLOANES CARPETS
We have taken every opportunity to better
our- Carpet stock and to increase our facilities
for showing them. Two floors are devoted en-
tirely to Carpets— representing the best mills and
embracing just those patterns and colorings that
tasteful furnishers are always in search of.
Our trices always as low as the lowest quoted elsewhere
W.& J. SLOAN E & CO.
•FURNITUKE-CARPE.TS • RUOS • DRAPERIES'
114-122 POST >SX. S.F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I' ¦¦ ' ' " nil II WMBaPIBBMttM ulu».iuj-iuji «—«»— -- -
¦ i^— W
h fr\ Tf I 33 S 0r t h of rurnltTire a ad Carnet« for $7.50 cash and S1.50 per 1
J |l/r ;We e ? a 7?r e ei?ht ke * Speclalt * of rurnishin* riat 8 Complete* *
I V'W ONE DOLLAR PER WEEK OPENS AN ACCOUNT. I
V-.er.P^rr ,,| ¦¦w,,| |M ,, M^__._ ,,. u ,, _5
)$ ?t ** k %i. PJ"f °" Wilton Rocker j
¦frmCJjrk '~ t £- pentine front, comfortable as a J^^^^^m
£*£r*^j*^2. *~?6l golden oak finish, person could
10 $^ ***«B6*K-^ ¦ _&?
RARE
Oriental Rugs...
"" " ~VJ Beaut.es
f 4 EveryOne. | $1 \L^ !
Pji Stze 36x72 * J1 .
Vj Inches. HERE IS A BARGAIN- An L--
£J Special, ...IRON BED...
¦K «.• ~— with brass knobs; rery strong and dur-
* * S I able; double, three-quar- C^ ff /%
K» /ftT^.7>rA~^ ter or single. Special.. t jU
TtTbRILLIA NT
I FURNITURE COMPANY
| 338-342 fOST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IRISH
/WO55
COUCH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BY THE BEST
PHYK1CIANS FOR
Conjrhs, Colds, Hoarseness, Bron-
chitis. Croup In Children, and
* ;A11 Throat and Jjunff Troubles
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
doctor says "CONSTTMPTXON."
36c; 600 AT ALL DRUGGISTS
CURES IN PAYGreat throng cheers Kahn and Hayes at alhambra theater
Play Is Weakened by Inability of
Miss Barrows to Appear.
"AJAX" A HIGHLY EFFECTIVE DRAMA
I REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES FOR
CONGRESS AND CHAIRMAN OF V
THE BIG RALLY LAST NIGHT.
TWO PHOTOGRAPHIC SCENES FROM "AJAX." TAKEN IN THE GREEK THEATER AT BERKELEY YESTERDAY MORNING,
"WHEN THE FAMOUS PLAY OF THE ANCIENTS WAS SUCCESSFULLY PRODUCED BY THE STUDENTS OF THE UNI
VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BEFORE A LARGE AUDIENCE.
Major Carrington commanded the
Philippine scoutfl. He* came to the
Et. Louis Exposition to take charge of
the scouts there, but was ordered back
*jy the Philippines to answer charges.
Well Known Army Officer Accnsed of
Falsifying Vouchers of CiviJ
Government.
MANJLA. Oct. 15.— The Prosecut
ing Attorney has filed briefs in five
cases against Major Frank Carrington,
charging him with falsification of
vouchers of the civil Government to
the amount of $1500. Major Carring
ton has been arrested.
MAJOR FRANK CARRINGTON
LXDEIt AIIREST IN MANILA
The cast throughout was satisfying,
and the whole performance dignified
and classical in feeling and excellent
in detail. James Turney Allen, upon
whose shoulders the weight of the
production fell after Miss Barrows' de
fection, and James K. Fisk, the stage
manager, must both be congratulated
upon their work. Augustus C. Keane,
who took at very short notice Miss
Barrows' role, served also a good turn.
The best of the acting was done in
the title role, by Henry Bronson Dew
ing. Mr. Dewing, gave an earnest and
quite powerful picture of the 1 mad
the old Athenians may have lounged,
and the picture may not be forgotten.
After, it is easily. understood that the
"Ajax" was impressive.
This of. the Greek tragedies is pos
sibly best suited to student represen
tation. Most of the characters are
young and powerful men, and the emo
tional element is of simple quality.
The play has, however, never before
been given by a university, though
twice produced in Chicago and New
York — in the latter place by Greeks —
under Miss Barrows' direction.
ruler. Odysseus was naturally and
cleverly portrayed by Monroe Eman
uel Deutsch, and Maynard McFie was
picturesquely and dramatically effec
tive as Agamemnon. - The parts of,
Teucer and Menelaus were both well
handled by William W. Lyman Jr. and
Warner Brown respectively, Miss
Gladys Clare Wickson was a classic
Athena, and little j Aileen Jaffa was a
pretty Eurysaces. Albert Merrill Cleg
horn led the chorus of the men ef
fectively. The music, by Willys Peck
Kent, was a feature of much interest,
preserving: excellently the Greek char
acter. There was some bad Califor
nian in its rendering, however, the or
chestra being the weak spot of the
performance. The end of the trag
edy, with its noble dead • carried " off
the stage, reminded - of the • Greet
"Hamlet."- But the' noble dead had
a nobler departure here. Not asFor
tinbras' men carried the king, with
his head tucked under servile arm,
went Ajax. The body lay most nobly,
like a figure on a tomb, carried on the
Bhoulders ;of six: men, and,- followed
by the .' slowly marching chorus. ; was
royally. taken- out. .Effective ending of
a highly effective! production..
PHILADELPHIA, pet. 15.—Phila
delphia's Veteran Firemen gave wel
come to-day to their visting brothers
from California. The latter ar/ived
here at noon and were met at the
station by Chief Engineer Baxter and
a committee, together with a delega
tion of ladies that took charge of the
wives and daughters of the strangers.
As the men from the Pacific Coast
were a day late in reporting here the
programme originally arranged had to
be changed. Nevertheless they were
given a pleasant outing during the aft
ernoon and a rousing reception, fol
lowing a banquet, in the evening.
Carriages had been provided, and
while the women of the party made
a tour of the big department stores
and had a drive in the park, the San
Francisco fire-fighters were taken to
various engine houses, Independence
Hall, Cramps' ship yard and the City
Hall. After the sight-seeing the visit
ors were tendered a banquet at Thir
teenth and Girard avenue. Later they
were entertained at the hall of the
Veteran Firemen's Association. The
building was gayly decorated with
flags.
The Californlans leave here to-mor
row for New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
Oct. 15.— A ca*« in
volving the constitutionality of the
Epooner act for th« construction of the
Panama canal, and. in fact, the entire
proceedings of the United States In the
purchase of the canal and work upon
Its construction, has been set for bear
ing in the Supreme Court of the Dis
trict of Columbia on October 25. It will
te«t the legality of the action of Con
ti. in providing for the canal, and
especially the action of the administra
tion in accepting the Spooner act as the
legal authority under which everything
•wbm done. It is brought against Leslie
M. Shaw, Secretary of the Treasury,
and, is for the purpose of preventing
him paying out any money to continue
construction.
The petitioner is Warren B. Wilson,
a lawyer of Hinsdale, 111. The petition
asserts that there has been no appro
priation by law for the expenditures
that have already been made for the
canal, nor for those now being made,
nor for the issuing of J130.000.000 In
bonds. It is asserted that the Spooner
act is unconstitutional and invalid,
both in Panama and In the United
Elates; that the payments being made
ere unauthorized and unwarranted,
violating the provisions of the consti
tution which state that no money shall
be drav.n from the treasury except
upon appropriations made by law.
The petition concludes by asking for
an injunction against the expenditure
of any more money.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
SPOONER ACT
TO BE TESTED
FIREMEN OWN
QUAKER CITY
"Ajax," after a series of disasters
sufficient to make another Greek
tragedy, was yesterday morning suc
cessfully performed at the Greek The
ater in Berkeley. The first catastro
phe was the illness of Miss Mabel Hay
Barrows, In whose charge was the
whole direction of the play and who
was also the Tecmessa of the cast.
Then followed the illness of the
choreagus and other important mem
bers of the chorus. Rehearsals
sagged arid at length it became evi
dent that the performance had to be
postponed. The proverbial ill luck
followed the postponement. In the
haste of the final rehearsals insuf
ficiently clear notice of the time of the
performance was sent out and all the
way from 10 o'clock' yesterday morn
ing — when it began — until 3 o'clock
yesterday afternoon Greek-hungry
bands strove up the Parnassan
heights.
Xor could they have striven to
much better purpose. The perform
ance, in spite of everything, was
uniquely beautiful. Possibly 2000
people managed to be there in time
for it and will hardly be likely soon
to forget the experience.
The Greek play they have had
there before, "The Birds" of Aristo
phanes. Shakespeare they have had
there. But not before have they had
a Greek play with a Greek audience,
as yesterday.
Miss Barrows was responsible for
this most admired innovation. In fact,
the evidence of this clever young
woman's acute Hellenic sympathies
and wide experience in her work was
patent throughout the production. It
was, by the way., the beauty of the
Greek theater that tempted Miss Bar
rows to undertake the "Ajax."
And what a setting it is! And what
a day of the gods was yesterday!
Before the play came a prelude that
pitched things in true Athenian key.
A white altar to Apollo stood in the
midst of the orchestra, that was also
devoted to the performance. To this,
to music, Lydian and Dorian of fash
ion, came troops of Athenian citizens
from the stage, ivy-crowned, bare
armed, flowing and glowing of gown.
You've seen the kind of thing in Alma
Tadema's Greek confections, or Sir
Frederick Poynter's. Children there
were, carrying baskets of roses to the
altar, young girls with hyacinthine
hair, brown-armed men with wine for
the altar, purple-gowned women. They
moved in stately procession down the
steps to the orchestra and gathered
about the altar. There the priests
poured the libations, burned little
cakes to the gods, offered up the roses,
while the . maids of Athens sang the
Delphic Hymn. to Apollo. They after
ward disposed • themselves | on the or
chestra steps, lounging on cushion* aa
"They claim that the President is un
safe for the reason that he stopped the
coal strike. He brought together, repre
sentatives of the mines and representa
tives of the miners* unions and effected
a settlement to prevent death among
the poor of the East. He brought to
the miners better wages, better condi
tions, an honest day's pay for an hon
est day's work. ; . . . ;
- "Our country is ¦ the ¦ richest country,
it is the greatest - manufacturing coun-
"There are two Democratic parties
to-day. Mr. Bryan has said of Mr.
Parker that 'he is an "artful dodger,"
for no one but an "artful dodger" could
stand on such a dishonest platform as
that put up by the present party.* And
yet Mr. Bryan tours the East speaking
for- Parker.
"They say our President Is unsafe.
Unsafe to Bryan, because he does not
go far enough; unsafe for Parker, be
cause he was not near enough to Wall
street. All the power of Wall street
could not kee:> Theodore Roosevelt
from doing what is right. And it took
all the power, of Wall street to nom
inate Alton B. Parker In face of oppo
sition from Bryan and all the West.
ENDED THE COAL STRIKK.
lican party: Since the Republicans
began, every President, according to
the Democrats, has violated the con
stitution. ' "When Abraham Lincoln was
endeavoring to maintain the Union hft
was violating the constitution. In, his
next campaign every act was a viola
tion. They then contended that the
constitution prohibited the Govern
ment's spending money on internal im
provements, and that national banks
were in violation of the constitution.
We find some Democrats willing to be
presidents of national banks, and some
of them are managers of Parker's cam
paign.
''The homestead act, which has done
more to build up this Western country
man any other legislation, was uncon
stitutional. Every act put into effect
by the Republican party, every act that
has be«n , particularly, beneficial, de
clared at the time to be unconstitu
tional, was afterward adopted by Dem
ocrats as the law .of the land. Even
as late as four years ago we find acts,
then claimed by our opponents to be
unconstitutional, now quoted, as au
thorities. From 1856 to the present day
the Democratic party has been from
four to twenty years behind the times.
We find the party that denounced Ab
raham Lincoln in bitter terms quoting
him to-day. Why, we find Mr. Parker
going back only four years and calling
upon President Roosevelt to follow the
great and beloved William McKlnley.
We do not find him pointing with pride
and asking the President to follow in
the steps of- G rover Cleveland, or the
doctrines of William Jennings Bryan.
. "To-day they say that President
1 Roosevelt is violating the constitution
in the same way that Abraham Lincoln
violated (?) it; as Grant, as Garfleld,
Hayes, Harrison and McKinley! The
Republican party does not have to re
write the Declaration of Independence
I In its platform. The Republican party
carries it as a rule and guide to its way
and keeps within its lines.
• "In "reference to the violations of the
constitutional provisions by the Repub-
A demonstration that tells of victory
in November for the Republican par
ty of San Francisco took place at the
Alhambra Theater last evening. This
demonstration marked the inaugura
tion of the Republican Congressional
campaign in the Fourth and Fifth
districts, and Julius Kahn, candidate
in the Fourth, and E. A. Hayes, candi
date in the Fifth, had every reason to
believe when the meeting adjourned
that though the fight has just com
menced it has been won.
For the first time since the national
campaign opened"' the Alhambra was
crowded — every seat was occupied
and in the rear of the auditorium
stood an interested crowd. And it
was not only a big crowd, but it was
an enthusiastic crowd. The names of
Roosevelt and Fairbanks, or the name
of Kahn or Hayes were the signal for
a mighty shout of approval. For
Kahn and for Hayes there were
naught but cheers and commendation.
In the absence of General George
Stone, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee, E. F. Wood
ward, secretary of the committee,
called the meeting to order. "Judging
from the large crowd present," said
Mr. Woodward, "the candidacy of E.
A. Hayes and Julius Kahn is safe and
victory will be theirs." He ,then intro
duced Colonel George H. Pippy as
chairman of the evening. Colonel
Pippy was greeted with cheers when
he rose to accept the offloe. Colonel
Plppy's address was short, but .to the
point. He said:
"It is a pleasure to look this audience
in the face and discuss the issues of the
coming Presidential campaign. Cali
fornia will show her appreciation of the
statesman, the soldier, who -placed love
of country and patriotism above ambi
tion for office — Theodore Roosevelt.'
"We have with us to-night a repre
sentative of Southern California and
the distinguished men- that are your
candidates for Congress. I shall close,
for . you are anxious to • hear from
them."
Colonel Pippy's address was followed
by some excellent singing by the Stan
ford University Republican Quartet.
The songs concluded. Colonel Pippy in
troduced Frank P. Flint of Los An
geles. "Though Mr. Flint comes from
the south," % said Colonel Pippy, "his
speech will interest you the more when
you know that he spent his boyhood
days in this city." Mr. Flint, who was
extended a flattering reception by the
audience, said in part:
| "Mr.' Chairman, Ladies and Gentle
men and Fellow Republicans: We are
to-day the most prosperous nation on
earth, as a result of the Republican ad
ministration, not only in the past eight
years, but during the period of over
fifty years since the Inception . of the
Republican party. The reasons given
by Democrats why there should be a
change of administration are .chiefly
that some acts done, or about , to be
done by the Republican party are un r
constitutional. We have violated some
provision of the constitution! Another
reason Is the protective tariff system.
The people pf the nation have been
taxed! I believe the party is able to
answer the charges.
DEM OCRATTC . CRITICISM.
Victory; for Them Next
Prophe
sied at Big Meeting
"Now. I am here to solicit your suf
frages for myself and for the candi
dates on the Republican platform, both
State and national. I propose to dis
cuss some of the leading issues of the'
day and to ask your votes for Roose
velt and Fairbanks and for the other
Republican candidates.
"Issues are formed in political cam
paigns by the pledges given and the
positions taken in party platforms.
Now, the Republican party In its plat
form and In all its history has stood
for protection, for protection to Amer
ican industry an* American labor. The
DISCUSSES' ISSUES.
Colonel Plppy said when Mr. Flint
had concluded his address that Mr.
Flint had made but one error. That
was when he intimated that Los Angeles
might roll up a bigger majority for the
Republicans in November than San
Francisco. "I carried the Republican
banner to Los Angeles," said Colonel
Plppy. "and I am sure that with the
effective work that Is being done .here
by the State Central Committee San
Francisco will roll up the largest Re
publican majority in the State. Then
I want to go and bring the banner back
again."
Mr. Pippy then introduced E. A.
Hayes, candidate for Congress in the
Fifth Congressional District. When the
applause that greeted Mr. Hayes sub
sided he said In part:
"Ladles and Gentlemen — One of the
first things I want to do is to ,thank
you heartily for your cordial greeting.
It Is not difficult for me to believe that
I am in the house of my friends. .-• .
"I am in this campaign in a posi
tion to which I am little accustomed.
Although accustomed during all my lift?
to take an active interest in politics I
have never before gone before the peo
ple to aak them for their suffrages for
myself. I was not a candidate before
the convention which assembled in
• Santa Cruz. I so stated to my friends
before we went to Santa Cruz and after
we arrived there. I told them all that
, I did not want the office, but wheji we
got there and saw that it was quit?
hard to find anybody whom the con
vention could more easily unite upon
than myself I felt it my duty as a loyal
Republican . to accept the nomination
and to make the race.
WANTS BAXXEK BACK.
try of the world, and Is paying the
highest wages for those manufactures
as a result of Republican administra
tion. There is no question in the world
but that Roosevelt and Fairbanks will
receive the largest majority ever given
Republican candidates.
"If you send to "Washington a Demo
cratic Congress you will • have hard
times within six months from the day
of election. Do not leave the country
in an uncertain condition. The Repub
lican party will be responsible to the
people for the guidance of the nation's
affairs providing there Is a Republican
Congress. If the Congress is Democratic
it will block every move and recom
mendation of President Roosevelt. It
will block the work of the Panama
canal.
"If California is to receive, her share
of the appropriations and prosperity,
vote for Julius Kahn. (Tremendous
demonstration). And you want to vote
for E. A. Hayes. (Loud cheers and ap
plause). You canot select men who will
do more for you in the two years they
will serve than Julius Kahn and E. A.
Hayes. (Cheers.) It is individual work
that tells, therefore go out to gather in
the many undecided might-be Demo
crats and convince them that Kahn
and Hayes are the men to represent
their districts. "We are going to give
15,000 majority to our Congressman in
Los Angeles. Join us in sending a solid
Republican delegation to Washington."
Republican Candidates
for Congress Receive
Flattering Reception
Discusses the Issues of
Campaign and Wins
Approval of Audience
The testimony that was taken before
the^CS rand Jury in connection with! the
charges^asains^-th|^ecUorhboard.will
be transcribed /and' '"laid before the
Mayor. The evidence concerning the
personnel of the precinct officers in the
Almshouse district will be particularly
called to his /attention. The following
counts against the Commissioners, as
set forth by Foreman Lilienfeld in his
letter to Judge Lawlor, will also be
presented in the effort to convince the
Mayor that the commission has been
guilty of violation of law that calls for
immediate steps on his part:
"First— Not one of the officers of this
precinct was on the assessment roll.
"Second — All the officers who served
in this precinct were of the same po
litical affiliation, arid so expressed
themselves in their applications for ap
pointment.
"Third— Five of the six officers of this
precinct registered and voted in the
Seventy-third Precinct of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District.
"Fourth— Three of the six election of
ficers who served in this precinct were
and are at present employes of the mu
nicipal government."
Judge Lawlor had arrived at no con
clusion yesterday as to the request from
a majority of the Grand Jury that he
instruct the District Attorney to pro
ceed against the Election Commission
for removal from office. Should he de
cide that he could not comply— that the
law would not permit of such a course
— he would probably make secret com
munication of the fact to the foreman.
The grand jurors were given assur
ance yesterday that the District Attor
ney's office would without hesitation
take up the prosecution of the Com
missioners if asked to do so. If Judge
Lawlor does not see his way clear to
set the law in motion the jurors, will
therefore send the request directly to
District Attorney Byington.
The police have found no trace of the
whereabouts . of Adolph Steffens, who
was indicted for illegal voting In the
Seventy-third ; Precinct. He is believed
to be in hiding in the city or in some
adjoining county. . .
James F. Lawler and Ernest Adams
were accepted by Judge Sloss yesterday
morning as sureties on the bail bond of
Joseph Rebstock, the indicted precinct
Inspector, in the sum of $5000. Lawler's
business was given as that, of mer
chant arid his residence 18 Huron street,
Adams as a hotel-keeper, residing at 29
Eddy street.".
Foreman Lilienfeld of the Grand Jury
had a conference with a number of hia
colleagues yesterday, and It was de
cided to request Mayor Schmitz to sus
pend the Election Commissioners pend
ing prosecution for misfeasance.
It Is certain that the prosecution will
be instituted, if not by the District At
torney, as has been requested by the
Grand Jury, then by the Merchants'
Association, the board of directors of
which gave such instructions to its at
torneys on Friday. The jurors regard
the violation of law on the part ol the
Commissioners so flagrant that depri
vation of office, they think, should fol
low forthwith. . •
Frank P. Flint of Los
Angeles Arouses En
thusiasm of Crowd
District Attorney Gives Assurancs
That He Will Take Dp Charges
Brought by Merchants.
No Answer Received From
Judge Lawlor Concern
ing Their Cases.
Jurors Want Election
Commissioners
Punished.
ASK MAYOR
TO SUSPEND
THE BOARD
The San Francisco Call.
/ THE WEATHER.
Forecast m»de at Ban Francisco for
liny hours ending: midnlrht. October
!. 1&04:
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy
jnday. probably »hower«; fresh south
ly wind. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster.
Temporarily !n Chance.
ORPHEUM — Vaudeville.
TTVOLI — "Dtr Raatelblnder." Ma ti
re* — Hofmann.
ALCAZAR— "Lord and Lady Algy."
CALIFORNIA— "A Tex*» Steer."
CENTRAL — "Sfc«."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S — "Down th« L»n»."
GRAND — "Arizona."
MAJESTIC— "A Japanese Nightln
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 138.
FIFTY PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 190-1— PAGES 27 TO 38.
Continued on Pag© 23, Column 1*which we owe allegiance makes a man
unsafe, then perhaps these criticisms
are true. But when in the history of our
country have the American people been
so respected and honored in foreign
lands as they are to-day? When has the
country ever had the prestige abroad
that she enjoys at the present time?
For years American citizens have
"blushed to think that our compatriots
traveling in foreign, lands have fre
quently been compelled to appeal to the'
diplomatic representatives of foreign
governments for protection and sup
port. I have an abiding faith in the in
telligence of my countrymen. I remem
ber how the entire nation was stirred a
few years ago when Grover Cleveland
issued his pronunciamento regarding
the Venezuela boundary dispute. Our
countrymen want at the head of their
government a man who has the cour
age, the patriotism and the independ
ence that will say to all the world, "We
do not intend to meddle in your affairs,
but we do intend, at all hazards and
under all circumstances, to protect the
rights and the interests of the Ameri
can people.' That is true American doc
trine, and that is the doctrine which in
spires and actuates Theodore Roose
velt. ,
"Another Issue that seems to agitate
our political opponents considerably
during the present campaign is the
tariff. They denounce protectionism as
a 'robbery of the many to enrich the
few.' Ab my friend, 'Uncle Joe' Can
non, the present Speaker of the House
of Representatives, often remarked,
'talk Is cheap, but factB are stubborn
things.' Let me for a few minutes con
trast the conditions that prevailed in
this country under the last Democratic
administration and under the Republi
can administrations of the past seven
and a half years. In 1892, while the
country was in a highly prosperous
condition, the Democratic campaigners
and stump speakers succeeded in mak
ing a large proportion of our' country-'
men believe that they were being taxed
to death.
"The result was a complete Demo
cratic victory at the polls in that" year.-
Not only did they elect their candidate
for President, but the Senate and' the
House of Representatives were for the
first time since 1860 in complete control
of the triumphant Democracy. Mr.
Cleveland, with the Independence that
always characterized his 'official ac
tions, had sent at the close of his first
administration a message to Congress
strongly urging a decided reduction In
the tariff. "' ' • '•
"When he was re-elected, with ; a
had taught him that single men, as
a rule, make better soldiers than mar
ried men. The latter, he declared,
are bound to keep in mind the wel
fare of their wives and children, and
on this account are apt to draw back
from dangers that would not causr
them an instant's hesitation if they
had only ; themselves to think of
Therefore, a wife,, though she may be
very ambitions for her husband's suc
cess/.impairs his efficiency as a sol
dier In action.—^Chicago Chronicle.
Continued on Page 20, Column 3.
"Then like a transformation scene
In some magnificent spectacle, came
the four years of plenty under Wil
liam McKinley. Instead Of drawing
cut their hard-earned dollars, they be
gan again to make their deposits and
from July, 1887, to July, 1901. there
was an increase In the deposits In
these three banks of $21,977,774. Dur
ing the succeeding- three years and
one month, from July, 1901, to August,
Senate and House of Representatives
of his own political fjiith, the manu
facturers, ' realizing that the tariff
laws would now be™alt6red, began to
curtail the production of their facto
ries and workshops. Men became Idle
and were : unemployed. 'With the
opening,. of the regular. session 'of Con
gress in -..1893 ; tariff tinkering began..
More mills and banked
their fires and closed their doors.' Af
ter mahy i months of wrangling and
contention the Wilson-Gorman tariff
bill was passed. It became a law
without the President's signature be
cause, in his opinion, it. did not go
far enough.
„ "And then came Coxey's army and
the tramp of the unemployed rever
berated throughout the length and
breadth of the land. Samuel Gompers,
the head, of the American Federation
of Labor, gave it as his opinion that
3.000,000 of our fellow citizens were
out of work. Free souphouses had to
be established in every section of our
common country. The distress of our
people .was complete and thorough.
And then, in 189G, after as severe and
costly* an experiment as our. country
men had ever indulged in, they re
versed their actions of four years be
fore, the lamented William McKinley
-was elected by an overwhelming ma
jority and again the executive and
legislative branches of our Govern
ment came into the hands of the Re
publican party. Within a fortnight
after his Inauguration Presidenf Mc-
Kinley called the Congress of the
United States in extraordinary ses
sion for the purpose of framing a new
tariff law. Within a few months the
Dingley bill was written on the statute
books of the United States and in an
incredibly short space of time a wave
of prosperity swept over our country
that has never been equaled in this or
any other land or clime.
"During those four years of famine
how did the citizens of San Francisco
and. of the State of California fare?
And what has been their portion of
the marvelous era of plenty that we
enjoyed during the last seven and a
half years of bountiful abundance? I
have ¦ here some official statistics
which were furnished me by J. Cal
Ewing, secretary of tHe Board of
Bank Commissioners of this State.
During the four years of Democratic
administration what with a tariff tin
kering: agitation and the Wilson-Gor
man tariff act in force there was a
decrease in the deposits of the three
largest savings banks in San Fran
cisco, to wit., the Hibernia, the Ger
man and the Han Francisco Savings
Union, of $4. 059,208. N6w the sav
ings banks represent the surplus Of
the money earned by the working peo
ple. And according to these figures
the" deposits dropped over $4,000,000
from what they were at the close of
•the administration of Benjamin Har
rison at the beginning of 1893. In
other words, the working people had
to draw upon the funds which they
had set apart for. a rainy day — and, in
verity, the proverbial rainy day came
with the advent of complete Demo
cratic administration in 1893.
YEARS OP PLENTY.
Kitchener Piffei-s Single Men.
It is well known that Lord Kitch
ener prefers single men in the army.
He was twitted once on being a wom
an hater. He answered smilingly that
he .was just the'reverse. Then he be
cante serious and. said that experience
Democracy denounces protection as the
robbery of the many for the benefit of
•he few. Further, they denounce the
action of the Republican party In ref
erence to the lands we have taken un
der our protection as being imperialis
tic and despotic. Now, when they say
that they mean that We have not ex
tended to the people of the Philippine
Islands all the same political rights
and privileges which we enjoy here.
they mean that we do not iet them
elect their Judges and chief officers, nor
send Senators aDd Representatives to
our Congress— that, in short, we are
governing these people as colonies, and
that our government of them is tend
ing to the destruction of all the funda
mental principles upon which our Gov
ernment has been founded. Now, there
is nothing in all this. It is merely the
veriest political buncombe. To show
this we do not have to go farther than
to our own earliest and most funda
mental laws.
PHILIPPIXE QUESTION.
"When Thoma* Jefferson waa Presi
dent, a pretty good Democrat, or at
least bo usually regarded, we made the
Louisiana purchase. And did the
fathers extend the constitution, that
is, In the sense our Democratic friends
would have It extended In the Philip
pines, over that great territory? No.
The CongrhBs and President Inaugu
rated stich a government as in their
wisdom they thought best and most
serviceable to the people.
"I am not one of those who Is will
ing to see the American flag pulled
down any place when it has once been
put up. I want it to stay there.
Especially in the Philippine Islands.
Don't let us run away from our na
tional destiny. I would be ashamed
to see -us falter in the course which
Providence and our own future as well
as a regard for these people who have
been placed under our care has
marked out for us. I believe that the
time will come when these Filipinos
will thank God for the blessing which
our American Government has
brought to them. In that day those
islanders will be ready to fight for
our flag just as we are ready to fight
for it, because they will have learned
to love it.
"See what an opportunity is offered
to the American people in the Orient.
A trade, the richest in the world,
which reaches up into the hundreds
of milllops and which will some day
prow into billions of dollars, is waiting
for us to r«»Hch across this Pacific
Ocean of ours and to take jt. Our
PaHRc Ocean, for I believe that we
<an claim it as our sea. and in the
future will make good the claim, let us
reach across this ocean and take up
this trade, which is going to surpass
nnything the world bias ever known.
TALKS 1OF PROTECTION*.
"Now T am going: to talk about an
other subject, one that will make you
fpe.1 tired as soon as I mention it, for
Jti various phases have been more
thrashed over in the last generation of
American politics than anything else.
But I cannot pass it by to-night, for if
there is one thing that is the core of
Jlepublicanism more than another it
is protection. The Democrats de
r.f unce protection as the robbery of
the many for the benefit of the few.
Let us look at this matter plainly for
a little while. Manufacturers have to
pay more for their labor in this coun
try than they do in any other. Now
peme of these manufacturers may Bay
that if labor here were on the same
plane as in European countries. Great
Britain. Germany and the rest, they
could sweep the markets of the world.
Now I am going to give you some
homely Illustrations of the way our
protection laws work. These laws
"But our antagonists also claim that
Theodore Roosevelt Is not a safe man,
that he leans toward militarism, and
therefore is apt to embroil us in a for
eign war. My friends, If upholding the
honor and the dignity of the nation to
"In the present campaign, among the
leading issues raised by the other side
are the personal characteristics of our
standard-bearer, Theodore Roosevelt.
We are told, in the first place, that he
overrides that great palladium of our
liberties, the constitution of the United
States. How the Democratic orators
love that word 'palladium,' For years
they have fondled It and toyed with it,
and written it into their party plat
forms — because, I suppose,- it sounds
well. But when they charge the pres
ent President of the United States
(and, by the grace of the people of the
United States, the President-to-be for
four -years more, after the fourth day
of next March)' with usurping powers
not gran tefl by the constitution, they
not only misrepresent the facts, but
they F.how a woeful lack of knowledge
of; the history of the administration of
tho father of the Democratic party.
Th'Wtias Jefferson. For, If the annals
of our country have been writ true, it
is there that when Jefferson, through
his Commissioners to France, accom
plished the purchase of the Louisiana
Territory, he openly and publicly ad
mitted that there was no warrant In
the constitution for his action in con
summating the'treaty of purchase, and
he gave It as his honest opinion that a
constitutional amendment would have
to be adopted In order that the pur
chase might be properly and constitu
tionally confirmed and ratified. But
to this day the constitution has never
been amended in that regard, and If
Theodore Roosevelt has at any time
ridden rough-shod over the constitu
tion of the United States, as our politi
cal opponents would have us believe —
a propostion, however, which I em
phatically deny— then he simply has
marched hand in hand with that other
great violator of the constitution,
Thomas Jefferson. And, fellow-citl-
I zens, I am patriotic enough to accord
to Thomas Jefferson all the honor that
Is due him as a great, loyal, fearless
and undaunted patriot and statesman.
i DEFENDS ROOSEVELT.
"For the tfme being a candidate sim
ply represents the principles of his
party. The man, in the course of years,
dies and passes on. The principles of
his party, however, still live and con
tinue to live until new conditions arise
that create new principles.
"I have always contended that in a
political campaign a candidate can af
ford to b<? perfectly fair and honest and
sincere. Men differ as to politics— that
is only natural. And yet we should be
broad-gauged enough to respect the
views of our political opponents, even
though we may not believe in those
views. •
REPRESEXTS PRINCIPLES.
air. Kahn accepted the novel presen
tation of his name to the audience and
immediately took his place at the
speaker's stand. A great cheer went
up and it was several minutes before
the Republican candidate for Congress
could proceed with his address. When
quiet was restored he said in part:
"It is my intention this evening to
endeavor to give you a few reasons
why the people of the State of Cali
fornia should continue to stand loyal
to the principles advocated by the Re
publican party, and in doing so it is
my lirm determination not to descend
to vituperation and personal attacks.
I strongly deprecate, and in fact I have
always deprecated and condemned,
such tactics, and I desire at this time
to beg my friends not to tolerate that
kind of politics.
"They have made out a programme
for me, but there is one part I am go
ing to omit. I do not believe that Jul
ius Kahn needs an Introduction to a
San Francisco audience."
At the conclusion of Mr. Hayes'
speech Colonel Pippy said: "There,
didn't I tell you he was all right?"
"You bet he's all right." came from
several parts of the house. Continu
ing:, Mr. Pippy said:
NEEDED XO IXTRODUCTTOX.
"Just one word more as to my own
position here to-night By this time
I suppose you have discovered that I
am a Republican, and If I am elected
on the 8th of next November I shall
stand by and help to carry out the
national policies of the Republican
party. At the same time I want you
to remember that I was nominated not
at my own solicitation, and that I
will go to CongTess if the people of
this district elect me with pledges to
nobody except to do my duty by my
constituents, Republicans, Democrats
or Union Labor. If I go there, my
friends, I shall strive to so conduct
myself that I can have the approval
of my own conscionce and of the
whole people I represent. Further, I
promise that my record will be as
clean and as straightforward as I can
make it. I thank you for your at
tention."
RECORD WILIj BE OLEAX.
work just the same In San Francisco
as they do in Springfield, Illinios, or
Springfield, Mass., or any place else
in all the Union.
"There is another way American la
bor is threatened in this country, espe
cially jn this western part of it. I be
lieve in the exclusion of Mongolian la
bor from it. And I want to say right
here that I have always carried out
this doctrine In my own business and
always will. As long as there is a white
man for the work I do not think him a
true American - who would employ a
Chinaman to do that work. But even
more; by destroying protection of
American industries we would be doing
just that very thing. It Is just as
wrong to employ Chinamen in China to
do the work which Americans should
be doing- in America as it- would be to
bring the Chinamen here to do it.
What kind of a man is he who would
turn aside a fellow American who says,
'I must have $1 60 or $2 a day to sup
port my family,' simply, because a Chi
naman offered to do the same work for
70 or 80 cents? And. I can assure you
that I would never come before an as
sembly of American workers and ask
them for their suffrages if I had ever
done such a thing. I would be ashamed
to look an honest American working
man in the face.
CVnxtitoaed From Page 27, Column 7.
Julius Kahn and E. A. Hayes Cain
Friends at Meeting at Albania
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER. 1G, 1904.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Grip and
However often we take Cold, we sel-
dom recognize the first symptoms: the
languid, tired feeling; the lack of. en-
ergy and strength; the blues, and dark
forebodings of some impending ill-
ness. This g'oes to Bhow what a
wrench the system gets by the checked
circulation of the blood when a Cold is<
taken. '
The next time you feel so, take a
dose of Dr. Humphreys' "Seventy-sev-
en." It ¦will restore the circulation,
start the blood coursing through the
veins and break up, the Cold — making
life worth living. '"
"77" for Grip, Coughs and Influenza.
< At Druggist's, 25 cents each, or mailed.
Humphreys' Medicine Co., cor.* William and
John streets. New York. • . "
We are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents for
"The Marshall." the best $1.00 fountain
pen in the world. . SanUorn, Vail & Co. *:
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
TRIiLlTMEXT OF PILES.
Permanence of Cure the True Test.
Many so-called pile remedies will af-
ford the user slight temporary relief,
and the majority of those afflicted do
not expect more than this.
The average sufferer, after having
tried every preparation recommended
for the cure of piles, comes to the con-
clusion that there Is no cure except by
an operation, and rather than undergo
this "last resort" he suffers on, re-
signed to the situation, so far as may
be. The attention of those interested
!e invited to the following experience:
"After ten years of suffering from
blind, bleedine and protruding piles,
and after using every remedy I could
hear of without any benefit. I finally
bought a fifty cent box of Pyramid
Pile Cure and used it with such good
results I bought next a dollar box,
which finished ud the Job. That was
nearly six years ago. and as far as
piles Is concerned I am cured and have
never felt a symptom of them since.
"Many others have used this remedy
by my advice, with the same results,
and I always recommend It to sufferers
with piles."
C. H. POTTS. Burlington. Kans.
Testimony like this should convince
the most skeptical that Pyramid Pile
Cure not only cures, but cures to stay
cured. It is in the form of a sup-
pository, can be applied in the privacy
of the home, directly to the parts af-
fected, asd does its work quickly and
painlessly.
Druggists generally Bell this famous
remedy for fifty cents a package and
6ufferers are urged to buy a package
now" and give it a trial to-night. Ac-
cept no substitutes.
A little book describing the causes
and cure of piles is published by the
Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.,
and the same will be sent free to any |
address for the asking.
The Itch Fiend :
That is Bait Rheum or Eczema — one of
* th* outward manifestations of scrofula.'
It comes in itching, burning, oozing,
drying find scaling patches on the face*,
head, hands, legs or body.
It cannot be cured by outward applica-
tions — the blood must be rid of the Im-
purity to which it is due.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Has cured tha most persistent and diffi-
cult cases. Accept no substitute for
Hood's; bo substitute acts like It
: -- - , ¦ - ADVEKTISE>IEyTS. : , .
M' M -W^. ¦""• i -w-w w w *~s. -m. -r 1 *m~ *%. w wx. property to the* rrwt prtflt which th« atoek-
"¦ ImlB M H B a H A M H Ii ' B £ ft fP» I k /'JrH ¦» hol| i?™ ara entitled to. It has been decided m
IB/H 8 B RJr VU4 Aft k3 6 B H H lU Ai S W Ol n » H rIaee an " tt " r Ern>lJ1 b!o;k of trea#ury .nook
IW 8 B B HB H^ /B O* 1 n tl «J /tt i I H ii S I H on the market, only wiling Joxt enoueh to
I I I 1 B II II j >-« Bm mm , « a I * *-a ¦ I ¦¦ Bf ? , § S Purchase th» necessary machinery, when the
A. 1 JaV VT JsVm. mLJ ATM. ii JL JL# Vf X 1 A. JL . VJ* V/ JLJl SLr tnla« rriU return tha money a hundred fold.
> ; . ' ' XnTQZBTESS'B B7TPO3T.
Hi-. Ci.^'f i.f \T * Tilt* T% Ovart.A. Bettane. ott* o< tbt tal«!itest
t<f(y Nlt»f|r^ (\V\ triO Y^iri^^f IVIfn^>C IrP »t»r» imcns mlBlnj «mrtn««i on tt« Pacific
: *-' ... f rine«r-«t this property. In kla report of Sep-
tember 1 says:
veals the Glittering Yellow Metal •mSSL^SKSS
*•' - the tao«t earnest study and consideration, I
f* . 44 44 mm mm 4 -m-n - * &»?« no hesitancy In saying that In my Jadg-
• V,Tr\r'l J r r%r\ I A/>M a ll/l **/¦•« L* xr /*?•#¦!- r>A ment ttae Vavapal haa tha making of a very
; • • Th« lsdge upon which we ar« now workinat is
'¦ ; I certainly a marnrroth mineral bearing . body
A 4 1*L» 1 HIT It H s\ 4 **< «"* wt T% ' cf roclr - It crep* <« th». sarfaca' for a distance
Additional Machinery the Only Thine Now Re-i^n&^^£^jr&"££
i ¦* ¦• . * O plnrs on this.' property. The big itrike, sam-
« f 1 HIT f i T*< itTTt T\» T\ ple> of whirh ' forwarded some daya ago. wan
flftt1*Pn lA IVI^IlrP I nPCP iVIfTI^C Kfrv rVf\— made^iat a depth of abcut seventy fe«t from
U Ull CU LU lTld-IiC 1 llCoC lTllllCO DlSi 1 L\J th« surface, and while we have opened tip com-
* • - ' • *-* paratively little of that rich ore so far. the
1 4 t\ • t 4 4 x\ ledge carries a large body of lower grade
flftHM*^ 311n llTVTnr'nn K^VPf^ mineral bearing qua/ta. and only depth is re-
UUCClO allU 1/lVlUCHU 1 a/ ClO* quired, as I said before, to prove np the prop-
* erty. The ledge la a contact between porphyry
Only a few montha ago development work YAVAPAX DEVELOPMENT WOBS. and *"***** j*" 3 the veln matter Is abtmt seven
_.„_ _/_-_« j .. . . _ , »«t««* idiiAiiwrjuuai r» vaa. feet , n thickness, consisting of white quartz,
was started on the property of the Yavapai Already a shaft 120 feet deep has been sunk, carrying gold and sulphuretB. Crosscuts on
Gold Mining Company, situated near Mayer, on and as depth 19 attained the ore Increases in the course of the vein In the two-compartment
the Santa Fe Railroad. In Arizona and a richness. A 40-root drift north and a croweut shaft being sunfc have encountered pockets ot
block of stock which wa. placed on the mar- thirty-nve feet west absolutely demonstrates
ket for development purposes was snatched the K«"eat bodies of ore that He hidden within ]„,„ 0 ; a property of this kind wher« cendi-
up Jn short order. this group of mines, awaiting but further de- tions wer« more favorable . for th« economical
A few days ago the superintendent tn charec velopment and opening up to place It among treatment of the ore. In.or Jndcment. the
of the deve^pm g e O nt th :,^hTofn C ers^rt r h1: £^* «£ « Arizona's great dividend payer, mjd^j.j
city that a rich strike had been made, and that an i? producers. the m , ne ha9 the very bngnt^t pronn,* O f De -
samples were on the way. The samples re- Particular attention is called to the affidavit com j n j a nch producer." . . •
ferred to have Just arrived and they certainly of Mr - J " R - Ha slns, a mining man of many A KOOd forca ot mtn iM now a t work and In
substantiate the telegraphic advices from the years' standing and possessing the highest in- a very few months thousands of tons of or-
mine. The rock u fairly alive with the- yellow *g£ S'jultlfJ'^r^U^"* llSISSl '^^
gold which can be seen at a glance with the APPIDAVIT OP J. B. KAOIWS. '"^""recent ZZ ?£? of '^iSTrd Or director.
naKea eye. The specimens are now on exhi- I. J. R. Hagins. being first duly sworn, de- it was arranged for the sale of this limited
bitlon in the offices of the company in the pose and say: That I am the original 'dls- amount of the treasury stock at a price ami
Crossley building, where stockholder* and coverer of the group ot mines now owned by u P°n terms wh|ch win fce within the reach of
every Investor.
'********¦" formed with men at Its head 'whoa* honesty
' ¦ and business integrity cannot b* questioned.
A GLIMPSE OF THE GREAT UNITED VERDE PROPERTY ON THE SAME MINERAL and who would not identify themselves with
BELT AS THE YAVAPAI MINES. anything that had not merit and truth, to
recommend It.
others are examining them with great Interest, th? Yavapai Gold Mining Company and the Every care has been taken for the protection
The mines of this company are situated In superintendent of said mines. I firmly believe o f small investors. The articles of incorpor-
the heart of the greatest gold district in Ari- "** , when they f™ g 0 }** 1 * °Pen««» np J, h ,«J »«<"> ™ A «!• J>y-«fws of tha company roak-
./¦no otiH «» «..iii ho •> mir«t>i. if the Y«v.ina! U1 °* on a level with the best paying mines tn , ,tock absolut«ly non-assessable. It was
xona and it *111 be a miracle K the Yavapai , n thp dlatrlct and wlu sur pa Ss lhft -iron f Urt her decided at this meeting that these
group does not become one of the greatest King Mine." which I discovered, and for which gm all Investors shall under no circumstances
producers in the Territory. the owners recently refused |3,000.0u0. forfeit any money paid in for stock. That Is.
' The report which accompanied the samples In witness whereof I have hereunto set my if one should subscribe for 100 or more shares,
•fates that this rich strike was made in the hand and sea! this 11th day of November, 1903. and after making on* or more payments be
H,v.i« n L,t .h»rt at nhrtnt KAvpntv tt*t trnm lSi«ned> J. R. HAOIN8. unable to meet an Installment, stock for every
%Z « P JSJi I* U,^r* wa? Lrl B ™n Subscribed before me this Hth dar of No- dollar that has been paid stkll be Issued to
the surface and while thert was but a small v ,, mber 1903 o c praTT. the purchaser.
ft^'w'.^.n XindSncrnf °«Sil m%1nt o£ Notary'publlc In and for the Cltvand County M there are any reader, of this paper who
k!?£ fh» ».«n- -t »hl. Lf^Tln^ tla^ th2 »' San Francisco. State of California. desire to stand in In a small way on this
SkSHS SSSSSS SSs»-rK
MIHB S§i»««*s?
Iron King mine near PrescOtt. forS.whlch w °rth $300 p«r share. It wa» only a few years plication. . . ..„
•i!Sr -"—«y refused by the present -fy^^h" — ""* tot leW «-" TO nommm: grocx-
- FOO» MEN'S MINE.- HOMEBS. '
Quaen, one of the world's famous producers. But for the fact that none but comparatively ,. .. j. f^te United States 'JuJge.
and the equally wonderful United Verde mines, poor men are Interested in this property, there e^.tW'vt^At-iter Indian Territory "
with the history Of which almost every one is Would not b* one dollar's worth of this valu- &>£* « « n«ok» ex treasuriVot San Fran-
eonversartt— how it raU«d Senator CTark from able stock placed on the market, but unfor- Hon. 8 "i-Brooki. ex -*T^"r °* "» Fran *
the ranks, to a great millionaire, giving him tunately machinery is required and th. by- eUco. U-* House, San FrancUco. •
an Income from the property of over $1,000,000 laws of the company prohibit the directors con- Hon S. C. D*"**?* « S?JSSJ2L iSmim
a month and for which ' he recently refused tracting debts in excess of the cash on hand, Sacramento. S06-12 Clau»- SpreclCria fcitlding.
I0OCOO000 so to secure the necessary capital to work thl» Son Franclaco. BgM "• - -'
-__ ADVERTISEMENTS. •;_._._ •'
~~~ ~~ T - — ~~~ _ ... . b —
.Who Ar« Users of Liquozone. V
. Ail of these people asKed us tobuy tHe first bottle— a 5Oc. bottle— -and give it to.them
• free. We did it— and we will do it for you.
There are millions of other users of whom we don't know. We learn only of those Each of those 1,800,000 people suffered from a germ disease. Asl< some of them
who write us. But each user tells others about it, and those others tell others. Ask ; f . Liquozone cured them-if it destroyed the germs. Ask if they adyfec you to take
Liquozone, then do as they say. Half the people you meet know some one whom
your friends if they use it, and you will be surprised at the number who do. • Liquozone has cured.
Your own neighborhood is full of Liquozone users. Ask a few what they think of Millions of people use Liquozone constantly. Yet we have never asked a person
. x , , .„. , T , ... , - , . . , ., . . to buy it. We have asked them only to let us buy the first bottle — just as we ask you.
it-ask them what it does. If they say it is wonderful-that it does all we claim- The / have con tinued its use because of what Liquozone did for them-just as you
then let us buy you a 50c bottle. Try it at our expense ; see what it does for you. If wou ld. Won't you— for your own sake— be one of those millions? Won't you write
you find it effective and needful, tell others about it, as we have told you. _ for a bottle, to-day ?
Not# Medicine. product can compare with it as a vi- We tell you this fact because it best 1 suits from drugs are doubtful . and [ solute guaranty.
talizer. And Liquozone is the only indicates the value of Liquozone. | slow. Medicine is not proper treat- Asthma Hay Fever— influenza
Liquozone is not a medicine. It is tonic that never leads to reaction. Claims are easily made, but men of ment for any form of germ attack. Rronchui» Anaemia La^pp^" 6 " 6 "
not made by compounding drugs, nor i^»n a>» our c ' ass don't pay a price like that Liquozone goes directly to the cause bioo.1 poison - Leuconhea
is there any alcohol in it. It is made KlllS All Germ?'. 1 save for a product of very great worth of these troubles. It attacks the *££« 'kJJjJ^* MaTaVia-NeuAigJa
solely from gas — largely oxygen gas — . to' humanity. ' germs, wherever they exist. A germ I coughs— colds Many H°art Trouble
by a process requiring immense ap- Another fact is that an excess ot Before making this purchase, we disease must end when the germs are ' Consumption Piles— Pieumom*
paratus and 14 days' time. oxygen destroys any disease germ, j tested Liqnozone for two years j killed; nothing is more certain than con.<i P at?on ••¦ Rheifmatf.m
This product has, for more than 20 The reason is that germs are vegeta- j through physicians and hospitals in i that. Then Liquozone, acting as a catarrh— Cancer scrofula— -syphilis
years, been the constant subject of hles > ? n d an excess of oxygen— the j this country and others. We tried it tonic, quickly repairs the damage : r5' n dro"jT^D?cw hea i^ma^hTi'ubie.
scientific and chemical research. The | verv »" e °» an animal — is deadly to- in all kinds of germ diseases, in thou- done, and restores a condition of per- ! Dyspepsia Throat Tro«w«»
object of its discoverers was to get j ve f etaI .matter. . • sands of the most difficult cases ob- feet health. Diseases which have re- j cxe^?- E [r s sr Ia8 . ? ub * r<^?i*'
the virtues of oxygen in stable form I .£0 with Liquozone, but the vital tainable. We saw it cure hundreds ot sisted medicine for years yield at once Goitre— Gout varicocei* ,
into the blood. Their reason was that j difference is this: Oxygen is a gas., sick ones with whom everything else to Liquozone. And it cures diseases Gonorrhea— Gie«t Women'* pu«as«a
oxygen alone can kill disease germs and an excess of it cannot be main- had failed. And we saw many a pa- which medicine never cures. In any fll A n t l i * ea i es ,, that t b '£lfl,n Uh %25Z£*2£l
without harm to the living tissues. , f aine , d m th e blood. Liquozone is a tient brought back from the verge of stage of any disease in this list, the re- e*«e.-aii a» muto of lmpurTw poisoned
Each cubic inch of Liquozone re- ll( l md > concentrated, stable and pow- the grave by it. s,ults are so certain that we will gladly bl 2 0d -' " .... T , 3 ,
quires the use of 1250 cubic inches of erful - It J S°es wherever the blood We proved, to the satisfaction of the send to any patient who asks it an ab- t.iiM? e r«omS*"S whaT^TdrSg/cVnV
the gas. And that is all that goes into S oe , s ' and ' as no germ can escape.it, best physicians, that in germ troubles
it— the gas, and the liquid used to ab- and .none can resist it, the results are Liquozone did what nothing else -^ «««•%• ** • «^
sorb it. The result— after 14 days— inevitable. : could accomplish. We proved it to be llnA \ HfflE_^1?£l R/\£+IO W tT*£aO
is a germicide so certain that we pub- . r ° the human body Liquozone is of more value to sick humanity than VlIV A lAdJii \J &£**& JLJV>4,LAV/ V B, VV*
lish on every bottle an offer of $1000 e most helpful thing in the world, all the drugs in the world combined,
for a disease germ that it cannot kill. . B . ut anything vegetable instantly per- j Then we staked our fortunes and our . .
lshes wherever Liquozone goes. The | reputations on it. I' y° u need Liquozone, and have you don't know its results — plea3e
A-tc Liltt* Owtrpn fact that germs are vegetables has en- j Every member of this Company uses never tried it, we ask you to send ua send us this coupon to-day. Do that
.rn*n» L/int; v/xygeil. abled the discoverers of Liquozone to 1 Liquozone daily in his family to pre- l^e coupon below. We will then send in justice to yourself. The acceptance
,-, , T . .. . , solve the great problem of killing vent sickness, and millions of others y° u an order on a local drugist for a of this offer places you under no obli-
ine virtue ot Liquozone lies in the germs in the body without killing the I are learning to do likewise liquo- 5oc bottle, and will pay the druggist gations; and it will introduce to you
lact tnat it does what oxygen does, tissues, too. And there is no other j zone is now employed by hospitals ourselves for it. a product better than anything else in
Uxygen is the vital part ot air, the W ay. Any drug that kills germs is a everywhere, and by the physicians of W£ have already done this with the world for you.
very source ol vitality, the most essen- poison, and it cannot be taken inter- nearly every nation. ' 1,800,000 people, and it has cost us Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
tial element of life. Oxygen is also n ally. In that fact lies the great value over one million dollars to announce ; ¦ -¦
?»atures greatest tome, the blood o f Liquozone. It is the only product " Germ Di)€<ISeS and f" Ifi11 the offer. Don't yourealizc CUT OUT THIS COUPON
1 ° i!i tne n " ve . lood, the scavenger ot known — the only product man can . * that a product must have wonderful for this effer may not appear again, fiu
the blood. It is oxygen that turns the conceive of— that can destroy the We give here a list of the known merit when we spend $1,000,000 just.to £ ut th V bU !S« /S^w^f 1 I 1 i° lhe *r lQuH
blue blood to red in the lungs. It is cause of a germ trouble without harm perm diseases. Each of these diseases let the sick try it? '.' " ' lc " 8 °-
oxygen that eliminates the waste tis- to the living tissues. . is caused by germ attacks, or bv poi- That is our only method nf making M ? •«««« «¦ • •
sue and builds up the new. \ou could -.*,/*/> sons which K erms create - A cure can Liqnozone known. We publish no wl^IJ™. »%£*T<ZZ%?£ t im
not hye three minutes without it. And I We Paid $ 1 00,000 ' come only through killing the germs, j testimonials; we tell you of none it tak.it.
half the sickness in the world is All that medicine can do for these has cured; we use no physician's in-
caused by having too little. For the American rlgTits of Liquo- troubles is to help Nature overcome j dorsement. We prefer to' ask you to
Liquozone acts like oxygen. It gives zone, and the British Liquid Ozone | the germs, and those results are indi- 1 try it, at our expense. Then judge for " '
to every nerve center just the food Co. paid the same sum for the rights j rect and uncertain, they depend on : yourself what it does • ..*.....
that it needs. It gives new power to in Great Britain. That is the highest the patient's condition.- There are | If you have already used Liquozone 514 Qlv * fuU ¦ >d<3r »»*- wrtt * P'»In'r.
every function of nature. It brings price ever paid for similar rights on some of these diseases which medicine j this offer, of course, does not apply to . . . . , , - .
back vitality at once. No other known any scientific discovery. 1 never cures. In all of them, the re- ' you. But if you have not used it— if uq"£o£^wu * b. "uSiV'i^piS!? ««*•"«*The Union Labor party held a meet-
CAMPAIGN SOUTH OF MARKET.
BIG RALLY AT SUISUN.
Republican Meeting the Largest Held
In That City for Years.
. SUISUN, . Oct. 15. — An. enthusiastic
Republican rally was held here this
evening,! the meeting being the largest
held in Sulsun for many years. Lieu
tenant Governor Alden Anderson pre
sided' and was accorded an ovation
when' he arose to address the audience.
The sneaker of ; the! evening was Hon.
Thomas Dozler. Addresses were deliv
ered by J. R. Knowland, nominee for
Congress in the Third District; B. F..
Rush, nominee for State Senator in.
the Fifth District, and F. R.
Devlin, nominee , for Assemblyman
In the Twentieth District Music was
discoursed during the evening by a
brass band, and v prior to the meeting
there was a display of fireworks and a
bonfire in the plaza.
SANTA CRUZ REPUBLICANS.
Open the Campaign With a Big Meet
ing - at the . Opera-House. '
SANTA CRUZ*. Oct. 15.— The Re-
E. J. Livernash and other candidates
on the Union Labor ticket addressed a
small meeting last night at Carmen's
Hall. George J. Berger acted as chair- !
man and introduced the speakers. In
part Mr. Livernash said:
"Our unions stand for an eight-hour
workday, that is in order that men
an.d women shall not wear out pre
maturejy. Most of our wealth-produc
tion comes through the use of ma
chines; and the unions do not object
to constant use -of the machinery of
the country, under the shift system.
Employers are not limited in output
by an eight-hour day when they re
main free to operate their plants
twenty- four haurs a day through . this
shift system. They are limited by the
eight-hour day in squeezing the life
out of workers by disregard for the
limitations God has placed on human
endurance; and they ought to be, If
we are to have regard to the dignity
of human character, the right to sub
stantial happiness, and the obligation
of our generation to the generations
to come after us."
Livcrnash Speaks to a Small Audience
. at Carmen's Hall.
CANDIDATES ON LABOR TICKET.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 15. — Governor,
Pardee ', addressed an enthusiastic
audience at the Loririg Theater to
night. Special trains brought crowds
from the neighboring towns and the
theater was not large enough to. ac
commodate all those who wished to
hear the State's chief executive dis
cuss the national issues. Congress
man Daniels presided and Governor
Pardee was the first s'peaker. The
Governor's tribute to President Roose
velt brought forth hearty applause.
He said among other things:
"People of Riverside, you know
President Roosevelt. You saw him
here less than a year and a half ago.
You saw. him. riding through your
streets. You heard him speak. " You
saw that he is an American from the
soles of his feet to the top of his head.
You saw from the set of his jaw that
he is brave. You saw from the tilt
of his chin that he is determined. You
recognized in, the tones of his voice
that he is sincere. You saw in the
set of his shoulders and the swine of
his body that he. is independent You
gathered from what he said that he is
a man, a gentleman and a true Ameri
can, full to^the overflowing with love
of country and his countrymen, and it
requires no clairvoyant, no mind
reader, to tell you that he means what
he says."
Chief Executive of State Addresses
Large Meeting~at Riverside.
PARDEE IN THE SOUTH.
Caminetti Speaks at Red Bluff.
RED BLUFF. Oct. 15. — Hon. A.
Cominetti, Democratic nominee for
Congress, spoke to a large and en
thusiastic audience in this city to
night, notwithstanding the disagree
able weather which has prevailed for
the past few days.
publicans opened the campaign in
Santa Cruz to-night with a big meet
ing and lots of enthusiasm. There
was music, bonfires and salutes, fol
lowed by speaking at the opera-house.
The building was crowded. F. D.
Baldwin, chairman of the County Cen
tral Committee, presided and intro
duced the speakers. Many prominent
citizens were on the platform and act
ed as vice presidents. The principal
speakers were Hon. J. A. Barham of
Santa Rosa, Hon. M. B. Harris, S. H.
Rambo of Boulder Creek, nominee for
State Senator,, and Charles Cleveland
of Watsonville, nominee for the As
sembly.
Peace arid harmony seemed to reign
supreme. President Laurin said: "In
dications seemed to point to the fact
that peace will shortly be restored to
our craft."
ing last night at Harmony Hall, 1749
Mission street. Charles J. Williams,
nominee for Congress, was the prin
cipal speaker of the evening. In the
course of his remarks he dwelt at
length on the necessity of electing
candidates to Congress. *
P. F. Roller presided. Other speak
ers, were: D. W. Burchard, E. • J.
Deaver, James de Succa and J. N.
Copus. . '
Painters' Union No. 19 held a smok
er at Teufonia Hall last night, which
was sort of a love feast. The Russell-
Brundage friction, of which Robert
Laurin is president, invited the mem
bers of the; Sheehan faction, to come
and join them in. smblcIrigHhe pipe of
peace. Both sides were represented
in large numbers.
The Board of Election Commission
ers received notifications yesterday
from several candidates for office of
their withdrawal from the nomina
tions, accorded them. Mason Thomas,
Democratic nominee for State Senator
in the Twenty-fifth Senatorial Dis
trict, thought it would be useless to
run against John H. Nelson, who has
the Republican , and Union Labor
nominations for the office, and asked
that his name' be taken off the ticket.
Similar requests were made by De
Guy Simpson, who received a belated
Democratic nomination for State Sen
ator in the Nineteenth Senatorial.Dis
trict Simpson, who is a copyist in
Recorder Godchaux's office, ascribed
sickness and death in his family as his
reasons for desiring the erasure of his
name from the official ballot. Other
withdrawals were George J. Berger,'
Union Labor nominee for State Sena
tor in ¦ the Twenty-fourth Senatorial
District, and P. McGoldrick. Union
Labor nominee for Assemblyman In
the Thirty-ninth District.
Democratic and Union Labof Party
Nominees Think It Useless to
Run Against Opponents.
SEVERAIj CANDIDATES
WITHDRAW FROM TICKET
Grand radium demonstration and a
packed hall to-night. See "Lectures,"
in classified ads. •
WARRANTS FOR POLITICIANS.
Candidate for Assembly and Cashier
Accused of Colonizing.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15. — Warrants
were issued to-day against Richard .
Van Cott and Bankson McAvoy, a
cashier in the general postoffice and
a Republican worker from the Fifth
Assembly District, on charges of
colonization of illegal voters in the
Fifth x District.
Van Cott is a son of Cornelius Van
Cott. postmaster of this city, and ls
a Republican candidate for the As
sembly in the Fifth District. ' .,:
The charges in the warrants, it Ia
said, include the allegation that the
persons named therein procured the
importation from other States Into this
city of more than 200 men with the
Intention of fraudulently registering
them and had placed them, free of ex
penses, in various boarding-houses in
the Fifth Assembly District.
Fishermen on the lake of Neuchatel
are using automobile boats. They are
driven by a benzine motor and lighted
by electricity. They are flat-bottomed,
glide noiselessly over the water, do not
frighten the fish and are a great suc
cess.
Mrs. Farmer — Josiah, I'm goln' to
town to-morrow to buy a new carpet
for the parlor. What kind had I better
git?
Farmer Prosper — Any kind ye like,
Belindy. It makes no diff'rence — bus
tles, exminister, croquette or ingrate.
Suit yourself. — Kansas City Journal.
There ls nose that can hold a candle
to our famous Kona coffee at 20c per
potrsd for the next three days, roasted
or ground. Rathjen Company, 139 Ma
son street. Phone South 8 S3. •
Delicious Coffee.
$2.00 buys a card Index drawer. 500
record cards and 25 g~uide cards. Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and good print-
Ing. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st.*
Card Systems and Cabinets.
Za the presence of relatives and
Immediate friends Dr. Charles Fred
erick Crlttcnden and Ella Olive Dona
noo were married yesterday at the
residence of the bride's parents In
Oakland by the Rev. Charles Walkley,
rector of St. Paul's Church. The deco
rations were r^k and white.
iliiTTitxl at Oakland*
Former Governor of New York Dies
ITHACA, N. Y., Oct. 15. — Former
Governor Alonzo B. Cornell, aged 72
years, died to-day of Bright's disease.
Governor Cornell was a son of Ezra
Cornell, the founder of Cornell Uni
versity.
On election day the Commissioners
will go around in buggies and if any
election officer is absent through sick
ness or other causes the commission
will enter the nearest house and com
pel the first adult man whom they may
meet to serve on the Election Board
as substitutes.
The Election Commission yesterday
served notices on some more promi
nent citizens, notifying them that they
had been appointed as officers on pre
cinct election boards. Those so notified
are: E. M. Green way, Ninth Precint,
Forty-first Assembly District; F. Mont
ealegre, Second of the Forty-first; Al
bert E. Castle. Third of the Fortieth;
Harry Holbrook, Ninth of the Forty
first; A. E. Lacy, Twentieth of the
Thirty-seventh; I. Gutte, Twelfth of
the Fortieth; George A. Newhall,
Ninth of the Forty-first; J. G. Conrad,
Tenth of the Forty-first; Jasper Mc-
Donald, Eleventh of the Forty-third;
A. Towne, Fifteenth of the Forty-first;
F. G. Sanborn, Eleventh of the Thirty
first; Jacob Stern. Fifth of the Forty
third; Wendell Easton, Ninth qf the
Fcrty-flrst; C. S. Benedict, Fifteenth of
the Thirty-sixth; F. T. Cole, First of
the Fortieth; L. M. King, Fourteenth
of the Forty-third; F. J. Symmes, pres
ident of the Merchants' Association,
Tenth of the Twenty-eighth; Rolla V.
i Watt, Thirteenth of the Thirty-sev
; enth; I. W. Hellman Jr., Fifteenth of
the Forty-first; Max Brandenstein,
Ninth of the Forty-first.
The Election Commissioners will
scan the list of appointed election offi
cers and if it finds any man thereon
who cannot respond in the affirmative
to the questions: "Are you a taxpayer
and have you lived thirty days in your
precinct?" the man will be taken off
the list.
Commission Issues Notices and Will
Use Drastic Measures to Compel
Substitutes to Serve.
MORE FROMIXENT MEN
AS EliECnON OFFICERS
"Do our political adversaries think
they can cajole these prosperous and
contented fellow-citizens into forsak
ing the party that has brought to them
the blessings which they now enjoy?
I do not think so! I believe they will
continue to stand by Republican prin
ciples. They admire the sturdy Amer
icanism of Theodore Roosevelt. He is
honest. He is sincere. He is faith
ful to his tru'st. He does not believe
in sham nor subterfuges. Our coun
trymen love hiin because of his splen-
1904,there has been a further Increase
In the deposits of these three banks of
520,785,983, making a grand total In
crease during the seven years of Re
publican adminstration of $42,763,757.
And that similar conditions have pre
vailed In every section of our State,
during the period referred to, let me
give you some more figures. In 1893,
at the commencement of the time
when the Democratic administration
was in complete control of all of the
machinery of the Government, the to
tal deposits in the savings banks of
this State amounted to $138,019,874.
In four years they,fell to $127,929,281,
a decrease of $10,090,593. The assets
of these savings banks also fell from
$153,127,972 in 1893. to $143,456,177
in 1897, a decrease of $9,671,795.
"Under Republican administration,
the deposits rose from $127,929,281 in
1S97 to $156,167,461 in 1900, and from
$156,167,461 in 1900 to $224,769,058
in 1904, a grand total increase of $96,
839,777. The assets of these banks
have increased from $143,456,177 . in
1897, to $173,872,499 in 1900, and
from $173,872,499 in 1900 to $246,326,
9SS In 1904, a total increase in assets
of $102,870,811 during the Republi
can administrations of William RIc-
Kinley and Theodore Roosevelt. And
not only have the wage earners and
small storekeepers been putting away
millions of dollars of increased earn
ings, but they have been building
themselves neat and comfortable
homes, where, surrounded by their
loved ones, they enjoy the blessings of
peace and prosperity. Go into the
Richmond district, go into the Sun
set district, go out into the Mission
district and see the large numbers of
beautiful cottages that have been con
structed during these past seven years.
did Amerlcanlszn. and they win roll up
an Immense majority in his favor on
the second Tuesday of November. And
I feel confident they will also send
him from California, to co-operate
with him ; In the advancement of our
country's interests, both at home and
abroad, a solid Republican delegation
to the House of Representatives."
At the conclusion of Mr. Kahn's
speech the, audience rose, but grave
three rousing cheers for Kahn and
Hayes and three more for Roosevelt
and Fairbanks.
Republican Candidates for House
of Representatives Win Approva
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU^ SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1904.
Continued EYom Page £8, Ootmnn 4.
29
/ ADVEKllSEatENTS. ;
w. oak* a «?•- ft(OS/^8^?£C/4L IJ^C 1^
daliy of JE*fc "1 Lot, T*n, r**r.« SS£&? -rfS. VJ£
Oxaa.Ontl.ry. .X «„ r£S^ -*^L22T in " 1 * P *" amoar other. iB«tw.
mad. f oraer to 7^ "¦* * X **** r * tW^^-. lat-c «lT <* «**%**&
©ox owa factory. pom* ta an4 haT« «ur ptaolste i>lay th«s« ......••••• Bitvo
»»w>ry. j i^^Ght Plccei for yoa! Pub»*fc«nf pric. $LS0
VIA! I r^lA/T?trW I A SEASON OF MERRYMAKING
rir%l*JL+\J W l>ILni I Decorate Yonr Homes.
xo-INCH LANTERNS, ia solid colors; Red, Blue, Green, Pink or
Yellow / 75c a dozen
HANDSOME .'CANDLE SHADES (Crepe Paper), ia solid colors;
Red, Green. Pint Yellow or White 25c each
INCANDESCENT GLOBE SHADES; Pink, Green or .Red. 35c each
Many other rrbre elaborate styles of Candle Shades, in Silk and Open-
Work silver; liiud, in choice assortment of colors.. -*Oc to $2.50 each
PAPER GARLANDS. Red and Green (20-ft lengths) a for 25c
Bon Bons. Favors, Table Decorations, Doylies, Fancy Lamps, Ice
Cases, Net Holders, etc^ etc =M= ___ = _ === _
A9VA2TCX: SOLISAT BAJtOAXSTS — Tram now until Chrlrtmas It wQl pay
Ton to watch oar window* ana our ads. closely. Advance Barralna will fol-
low oae after another rapidly, and tie a&rowd buyer will take advantage of
tfre». oppcrtanltm. __ a= , ==
HXarKXETTA "WAIST*— K^i?^ A P}J? 1 S CS ~~ r»o
A rew cholc* «i=p5^ MT«rU colon. SSla^Me £lu«! 23C
clem SS to 42. WfcUe ttey £»Q Q^ K*IW«r 3SC value. -« ""-"
1**. each €I»O»OW 6-1TECE njEHTTtmE SET,
RftCBl&r 13 t»1-jo. Handsomely finished doll seta, consisting
¦ ... -»#»—« of 2 chairs, 2 rockers, 1 settee and r
TOiVET "WAISTS, WJUTJB DOTS — nmii top we n made of polished
Ctaly a few. May b« tout aixe. Must rattan, rustic style, mat cor- t>Q r
b» »<£&. TVhQe they last. t;Q IK ered. each set packed In a box..Ot7W
•*ck vO»IO Other sets not so elaborate, 15c and 25c
HegulzT tS Talae. Postage or express extra.
T.«nrP5» SWISS «i w »"»T7T! AH ¦ STEEL BOSSES AKTJ WAGOTTS.
Winter' trelrbt. All eirea. Good everyday Handsomely painted sheet steel horses
rsrmcnt- Mujk b« eold t» make room for and wagons, 17 inches lone, ¦well made.
. other cooce. Vesta or Drawers, QQ r Horses have movable less. Wagons are
each made in several styles. Some combina-
Mcniay and Tuesday only. tion grocery and express, with detach-
j able tops Others as trucks, drays, mail
TtT.AT. SBOJTT KATTt BHUMiTS — xvazons. etc. etc SPECIAL* Qs r
While they last, each *j^C while lot lasts, each
Reru'ar $1.50 .value. *wv PosUre or express extra.
ADVAWCE BAHQAHTS KAY gQW BE SECPBEO TOB FT/TUBE DEUVEBY.
ICnlvea, Razor* I ¦ I ¦ 1 1 /> ¦¦¦ I A I Onr Sportinjr
and Shear. Ground III ill V I j ri f| U I B ft Ooods Department
sttStf'i-vft Will 06 rllluR uUi
done and repaired. Baseball. Tennl..
mad, to crflex. OlO'DZU fflflllvBI OtlcBU etc.
ADVEKTISEatENTS. \
*
Ninety per cent of the world's money transactions are done on paper— not
with gold, silver or bills — but on paper bearing somebody's name; behind that
To get reputation requires fidelity to principle carried through years.- And
it is reputation which enables one firm in a town to grow head and shoulders above
its competitors. ~ LiL: _^ 'fi~
In ten years we have grown to be the largest outfitting store in the ¦- West.
Reputation dfd it—reputation for giving every customer his money's worth in sty-
lish, dependable clothing.
This reputation spread — as more people found it out, more came to us for.
their clothes. ,
We have the reputation for making to order the best clothes for the money
to be had on this Coast.
If you will order a suit here you will see what made this reputation. ,
We make suits, to order from $10 to $35. Money back if you wish is your
Underwear $1.70 « f \ A I g^ jr?^ jfV\ Fa!1 Hats $3.00 >'
* ror Monday and Tuesday (jsh . ftj • W«/ § 11 IB B Ax 1 i Hi We * el1 * h * t for S3 - 00
¦wtHibX, stripe* and solid <VAf\ Vf~..t.~i c*^»* AM< i . agencies for. Do you care
ralue«; fX.70 a wait. , | CO1\ POWell fit Eddy | U 85.00. onnli$3.0O.
t ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ban Francisco, Sunday, 18 October. lPOC
A nair mattress
"worth having $20
We guarantee this mattress to be, beyond all
"doubt and question, the very best gray hair mattress
in the world for the money. No shoddy, no foreign
substance to fill up — no short hair. Pure, long, gray :
horse hair, and -the best of ticking. Absolutely hy- l
gienic and easily renovated. t-
If you live, out of the city, bear in mind that we' .^
pay freight charges up to fifty miles. ;*£:
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
. 4^y^5S5^^S?3^. ;
SUFFERED FOR YEARS cJSL „ FEMALE DISEASES
Robust Women Who Owe Their Restored Health and
Usefulness to Pe=ru=na. >
i\6dU InC LcttcrS 0T UrdtGTUI VY0rn6D > /^^f~f^fu^^f^B^^^0^M^^^^^Jf^^pw
Thousands of Testimonials Re- /,{ f%^^^^^
ica M usical C SoSet y y. wrUes!° n |^F^%|A
•7 was troubled for over three T ) °j —
plicated by female weakness and yl ,TY^ Ffo.Jl)^** ¦ '"^^ .
inflammation. , »-** "
'•ms induced frequent headaches, ner- Completely Regained Her America Is the Land of Nervous
vousness. hysteria and sleeplessness, which health. Women.
nothing could relieve until I tried Peruna. Miss Edith Reams, 726 North Main st.. The majority of women are nervous
"I began to feel better after I had Dayton. O.. writes: because they suffer from some form of
taken the first bottleful. and improved lu * a^femaS'troubles female disease.
from week to week until at the end of V.f r"t , "™ *,,." 1' *„„*„.„* „/ „ The greatest obstacle in the way of
about eleven weeks I was entirely well. ' had been under the treatment of a recovery ls that they do not understand
I "I am pleased to say that I have en- good fihysician for about nine months with- that ca tarrh is the main source of their
1 joyed splendid health now for nearly a out obtaining any relief, when Peruna was illness.
I year. I have a fine appetite, enjoy sound recommended to me. After taking twelve Women who are in doubt as to their
i Eleep and do not suffer from any more *„*«/„_ ./ thu ***j;*;** i */.»* ™mni a **i u ailments should write to Dr. Hartman.
headaches or other pains."-L. E. Tyler, bottles of this medicine I have completely Presldent or The Hartman Sanitarium.
Peruna has , become renowned as a my health. Columbus, O. Give him a full descrlp-
positive cure for female ailments, slm- "* am pleased to recommend Peruna t j on O f your symptoms, previous treat-
ply bedause these ailments are mostly *? 'r/S^SYt^npf mi° m th ® & ment and &^ e -
due to catarrh. Catarrh is the cause of testimonials published without He will promptly reply with full dlrec-
the trouble. Peruna cures the catarrh. written consent of the writer. tlons for treatment, <ree of charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MATCHLESS ' (V
PRODUCTIONS [
I - - ¦ ' : ' IN "
DIAMOND
JEWELRY
Bohm-Bristol Co.
I Jewelers and
Slversmiths
104-ViO
sy Gedry Street IaABLET SPEAKERS WHO ADDRESS- .
ED REPCniylCAN MASS MEET
ING AT SAUSALITO LAST NIGHT.
Choice* California Figs,
; Prunes , and seeded raisins still, going
.f 5c"a- pound- package 'at'Rathjeh' Com
>any, 139 Mason et. Phone South 893.*
SPECIAIj TRAIX BRINGING
A SQUADRON OP CAVALRY
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Oct. 15.—
rhe Second Squadron of the Fourth
Cavalry, consisting of E, F, Q and H
of the Fourth Cavalry, left Leaven
worth this morning by. a special train
drawn by two locomotives ' for ' San
Francisco. , The squadron was under
command of Major W. *H. McMurry.
It will go to the coast in four days.
Dn reaching San Francisco a: squad
ron of the Ninth Cavalry, negroes,
iviil be relieved and take the same
special train to come here.' The
Fourth Cavalry squadron 'haa been'
stationed here nearly", four, months,,
since returning from ' two • years', hard
campaigning in the Philippines. The
Fourth Cavalry, soldiers will - remain
n San Francisco one (year 'and .then
proceed to the Philippines. for three
gears' service. " ' . ' '¦'.'••
Wedding Invitations
And all tli.it is exclusive in 'social en
graving nt Sanborn & Vail's.* Serial cor.
respohd^nce papers In' excluslv brands.
Pnshinn'R' latest approved styles in call
;ng cards. 741 Mnr.kct street. . •
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The Financier
sayg: The official statement of the New
York Associated Banks last week was
a verv encouraging exhibit. Though
the c&Fh gain was much below the esti
mates, which was based upon th* trace
able movements of money during the
BANK RESERVE
SHOWS A GAIN
thereby counting for only about $3,000,
000 In the averages, the receipts of cash
from other sources were continuous,
and they should naturally have been
reflected in the statement. It is possi
ble, however, that there were unre
corded losses of cash through transfer
of excess internal revenue collections,
which would account for the greater
part of the discrepancy. The deposits
were decreased $12,088,300, causing a re
duction In the reserve requirements by
$3,009,575. which sum added to the gain
In cash made $3,360,975 as the increase
in the surplus reserve to $15,957,875,
against $17,431,250 a year ago and $.5,
008,250 at the corresponding date in
1902. Computed upon the basis of de
posits, less those of $23,262,700 public
funds, the surplus is now $21,773,550.
In view of the somewhat buoyant spec
ulation on the Stock Exchange and the
negotiations of large amounts of rail
road mortgages, the contract ofjll,
975.S00 in loans may be regarded as re
markable. Tt would seem to show that
Stock Kxchanpe requirements did not
tend greatly to augment borrowing , by
commission houses, and that liquida
tion of loans, as the result of the pre
vious week's unfavorable bank state
ment, much more tha.n offset new loans
for bond negotiations. It may be noted,
that the loan expansion since August
27 now amounts to $34,956,200, : the net
cash lofs since August 20 to $46^738,400
and the net reduction in the'Vurplus re
serve since that date to $42~,65oi300.
week, the decrease in deposits, result-
Ing from contraction In loans, was so
great as to cause an Important gain in
the surplus reserve. It seems surpris
ing when the fact is considered that the
estimates showed that the banks had
gained heavily of cash, chiefly through
the receipts of Australian and Japanese
gold and- of domestic bullion. am§unt
ing to $5,379,560. while the net loss on
the interbankment was much m.or«
than offset by a gain by the banks from
the sub-treasury, that the increase In
cash as officially reported should have
been only $311,400. Though the Austra
lian gold was not transferred hither
from San Francisco until Thursday,
alone admired by the people of hlg own
country, but by the people of the world.
No President of these United States has
ever attracted the attention of the peo
ple of the world generally and gained
their admiration and esteem more than
has Theodore Roosevelt. He is dis
tinctively-a man from the people, and
by training and association has emi
nently fitted himself for the position
which he now holda and to which the
people will re-elect him on the 8th day
of next November."
Hon. John F. Davis followed In a
masterful address. He was born and
spent his early youth in Marin Coun
ty and was soon at home with his
audience. He first said a good word
for Mr. Olmsted, the candidate for
the Assembly, and then paid a glowing
tribute to the- faithfulness and ruggad
.honesty, .of his friend, Senator Bel
'<hkw.
He explained at length how the
present unwieldy size of the House of
Representatives "has compelled the
adoption of a working plan under
which the form and even the text of
all Important bills is determined in
the caucus of the predominant party
and how a constituency is handicapped
unless it is represented by one who
can on account of his affiliation with
the party in power go into such a
caucus and there take part in the
formation of the bill itself. He showed
how of late years diligent Democratic
members have been reduced to ap
pealing: to United States" Senators to
tack their amendments, when accept
able to the majority, on to the bill in
the Senate, and thus accomplishing
what little they can: that if in the
future the .membership of the House
shall be reduced to something like its
former size, -then the House can re
sume its mission aa a deliberative
body, and minority members ag.»in
have some Influence In debate on the
floor, but until that time a minority
member on the floor is simply a voice
crying in the wilderness, for the de
liberation takes place in the caucus,
and the vote on the floor Is a ratifica
tion of the caucus deliberation.
"If you are a non-partisan, there
fore, but believe that this administra
tion has done so well that 'the Re
publicans will control the next House,
then you should vote for a Republi
can In Congress, for he can be present
in person at the political council board
and more effectively help shape leg
islation in favor of your local inter
ests than the most brilliant Demo
crat. • who may not enter. If you are
a Republican and believe in the main
tenance of the principles and policies
of your party, and" in sustaining the
hands of your President, then It is
political idiocy to vote for any Demo
crat for Representative, no matter
how able, for if the Democrats gain
control of the House,' they can, under
the present system, clog and block the
wheels of every beneficent policy con
."The argument on national matters
was a straightforward discussion of
policies and events, and the appeal
was not to Republicans, but was ad
dressed to those Democrats who had
voted. for McKinley on the one hand,
and'Ho those Democrats who had fol
lowed Bryan and still believed that his
policies are right on the other.
"Why has this campaign thus far
been so quiet? Simply because the
Democrats have been unable to agree
among themselves upon anything that
1 can be given the semblance of an Is*
sue. Those things that could be made
an issue they cannot agree upon, and
the few things upon which they can
agree cannot be tortured Into an la-'
1 sue. That Is the uncontrovertible fact.
Roosevelt and 'his party are. of one
mind— they agree — they represent 1 a
definite- policy upon everything. On
the main questions that can arise
Parker and his party are not in ac
cord. The » Democratic party is, -for
example, rent in twain on the all-Im
portant question of finance. :~^V .
"Let me for the moment address my
self to' those of you who voted for Mc-
Kinley on' account of your. opinions on
the question bf> sound money. You re
member the famous debate In the com
mittee ;oh resolutions at the St. Louis
convention.--' The views upon that sub
ject there expressed represented 'every
thing: from Bedlam to Belmont.'
i "Bo hopelessly was the party divided
that finally, after the most strenuous
debate of the session, after, demon
strating iothecountry by the length of
timer devoted to the subject their ap-
Special Dispatch td The Call.
9AUSALITO, Oct. 16. — The largest
and' most enthusiastic Republican
mass-meeting "of the campaign was
held. here to-night in honor of Charles
M. Belshaw; Republican candidate for
re-election for joint Senator from
Marin and Contra Costa counties. The
Sausalito band met Mr. Belshaw at
the depot and escorted him to the hall,
where a vast audience awaited him,
and when he took his seat upon the
platform he was heartily cheered.
W. J. Martin, chairman of the even
ing, called the meeting to order and
In a few well chosen words introduced
Mr. Belshaw, who spoke In part as
follows:
"The present campaign Is not ma
terially different from that of four
years ago, and I am constrained to be
lieve that the result will be the same.
"The trials and Hardships of '93.
'94 and '95 should still be fresh in the
minds of all and I do not believe there
is any desire on the part of our citi
zens to return to them. We cannot
afford to' retrograde. We are too well
satisfied with progress and prosperity.
And Oils we have had in the fullest
measure during the last eight .years
Tinder Republican administration.
Protection to American labor and
American industry is still our watch
word and under its beneficent 1 influ
ence we shall continue to build up and
strengthen our nation. 'A fair day's
pay and a chance to earn It' is still
guaranteed by the policies of the Re
publican party. The home market Is
that for which we contend and we
shall not surrender it to foreign na
tions by a reckless reduction of our
protective tariff. History tells us that
since the establishment of our Govern
ment our years of progress and pros
perity have been under the influences
of protective tariffs; tariffs enacted for
the purpose of protecting our laboring
men against the pauper wages of for
eign countries. History also tells ua
that all of our periods of depression
and hard times have been during
those years when the tariff was on the
'revenue, only' basis, or at least it was
not constructed with the idea of pro
tecting our Industries and laborers.
Our Democratic friends have de
nounced our present tariff as 'rob
bery.': . They assert that on account of
the higl, tariff the people are com
pelled to pay too much for what they
must buy; that a reduction of the
tariff would 'bring about a much
riee'ded" reduction in the price of com
modities and that, the people would
therefore be the gainers.
"It is, a much better state of affairs"
to have prices high and money to buy
with than to have prices cheap and no
money. High prices and high wages
are the best evidences of general pros
perity, and general prosperity Is the
best indication of the welfare of a
country and its people. The prosperity
of our United Stales and the general
condition of our people surpass that of
any nation on earth. The necessities
of our laboring: men would be consid
ered luxuries by the laboring people of
other lands. And the many luxuries
which afe enjoyed by our laborers are
often not had by the upper and middle
classes of Europe. Our universal con
dition of plenty is the direct result of
the protective policy of the Republican
party. Our people are aware of thiB;
they are satisfied with their condition,
and I don't believe they are going to
vote against the party whose policies
and administration have made life so
pleasant and enjoyable for them.
"Theodore Roosevelt stands to-day
the foremost of Americans. His sturdy
character and perfect manhood are not
predatlon of Its vital importance and
finding they could not agree, the pro
moters of the candidacy of their even
tual nominee, realizing they were in a
hopeless minority, stuck their heads in
the sand, and. leaving all else of their
anatomy exposed, "in desperation re
solved that there was no issue on the
subject at all— the majority of the com
mittee, with the j mental reservation
that free silver was simply in abeyance
on account of a temporary increase In
the physical production of gold, and the
minority with the mental reservation
that the gold standard was 'irrevocably
fixed.' The gentleman who placed their
candidate in nomination, answering the
taunts that the views of his candidate
were unknown on the financial ques
tion, and that he had given no sign,
boldly proclaimed that 'strategy is not
sin.' Let us assume that it Is not sin.
"The fact that it was us*d at all
showed its necessity, and its. necessity
conclusively disclosed the fact of the
irreconcilable conflict of opinion on a
great, all-important public question.
The subsequent telegram was predi
cated upon an open acknowledgment
of the existence of this fact. That In
tense situation still exists. The mere
declaration of men in the desperation
of physical exhaustion that it does not
exist amounts to nothing. Judge Park
er states in his letter of acceptance
that 'he believes' the gold standard is
'irrevocably fixed,' and the next day
Mr. Bryan 'has nothing to take back.*
Senator Newlands at the Alhambra
Theater in San Francisco proclaims
that 'free silver Is simply in abeyance.'
and Mr. Tobin of the Hibernla ,Bank,
chairman of the meeting, suddenly
stops applauding and looks In a pained
way toward 'the faces of those whom In
late years we have not had the pleasure
of seeing with us.' It's not funny. It's
as serious to you now as it was to those
desperate debaters In the committee on
resolutions. Suppose Mr. Parker should
be elected and there should come dur
ing his term a temporary money strin
gency from any cause; the whole con
troversy of that committee-room would
be precipitated upon us In a moment,
with all Its old-time fury. Would Park
er then be true, or would he, in the
face of a militant majority of his party,
again weakly believe that 'strategy Is
not sin'?"
Other speaker? were S. H. Olmatead,
candidate for the Assembly, and L. C.
Plstolesi. candidate for Supervisor. The
Corte Madera McKlnlay-Belahaw Club,
sixty strong:, Journeyed to Sausalito to
hear the speakers.
Belshaw and Davis
Address Voters
of Sausalito.
ABLY DISCUSS ISSUES
OF NATIONAL CAMPAIGN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1904.
30
| ADVERTl SKM EX TS.
\ CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and
... .Effectual Cure for It.
! I .Catarrh at the stomach has long been
considered the next thing to incurable.
The usual symptoms are a""full or bloat-
ing sensation after eating, accompanied
sometimes with sour or watery risings,
a formation of gases, causing pressure
on the heart and lungs and difficult
breathing, headaches, fickle appetite,
nervousness and a general played out,
languid feeling.
There is often a foul' taste in th$;
mc/uth, coafed tongue and if the interior
of the stomach could be Been it would
show a glimy, Inflamed condition. •
•The cure for this common and ob-
stinate trouble is found in a treatment
which causes the food to ] be readily,
thoroughly digested before it has time
to ferment" and Irritate the delicate
mucous surfaces of the stomach. To
secure a prdmpt and healthy digestion
is the one necessary thing to do and
when normal digestion is secured the
catarrhal condition will have disap-
peared. '
According to Dr. Harlanson the saf-
est and best treatment is to use after
each meal a tablet composed of DlaB-
taee, Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux, Gold-
en Seal and fruit acids. These tablets
can now be found at all drug stores
under the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, and nof being a patent medi-
cine can be used, with perfect safety
and, assurance that, healthy appetite
and thorough digestion wilt follow their
regular use after meals. . ;
Mr. R. S. Workman, Chicago, 111.,
writes: "Catarrh is a local condition
resulting from a neglected cold in the
head, .whereby the lining membrane
of the nose becomes inflamed and the
poisonous discharge therefrom passing
backward into the throat reaches the
stomach, this producing catarrh of the
stomach. Medical authorities prescrib-
ed for ; me for three years for catarrh
of stomach without ¦ cure,- but to-day
I am the happiest of men after using
only one box of- Stuart'n Dyspepsia
Tablets. I cannot find appropriate
¦words • to • express my good feeling. I
have found flesh, appetite and sound
:rest from their t»e.i'<v -
Stuart's Dyspepsia'Tablets is the saf-
est preparation as well as the simplest
and most convenient remedy for any
form of indigestion, Catarrh of stem-,
ach,. biliousness, ' sour stomach, heart-'
burn and bloating after meals. . '
ADVERTISIOIENT^
Scaly
scalps
Nine people out of every
ten have trouble with their
heads. Many of them
Suffer from a species of
eczema, which forms a dry
scale upon the skin of
the scalp, popularly known
as dandruff.
If this condition be
neglected the hair follicle
loses all its vitality, the
hair becomes brittle and
falls out and baldness is
the inevitable result.
Coke Dandruff Cure Im-
proved to be the only
reliable cure for this
annoying condition. It ,
positively removes, with
one or two applications,
every trace of dandruff.
Faithfully used it will cure
every diseased condition of
the scalp (except
constitutional blood
disorders), and will
produce a luxuriant, glossy
growth of hair after all
other remedies have failed.
This is a strong
statement and one which
we would. not dare to make
if we were not in
possession of thousands of
grateful letters from people
in every walk of life, who
have proved, to their
intense gratification, the
wonderful powers of
Coke Dandruff Cure.
If you are annoyed with
any scalp trouble
whatsoever, get a bottle
to-day. Your druggist
will tell you the same story
of uninterrupted triumph.
Coke Dandruff Cure
contains absolutely nothing
of ail injurious nature
and may be used on the
heads of the most delicate.
Coke Dandrvf!
Cure
Ask your druggist.
TO LEASE
For a term of years. Store north-
west corner Post and Stockton.
The most prominent corner on
Union Square. Full particulars at
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE GO.
513 California St.
Woman
/iA\ vS i- \V.M 1 1\ A is Interest*! •¦><! tboold know
ft'Tt'i ') CpLlVV A. Ill* * t)ont t& « wonderful
HM*S*»fR!Mn MABVEL Whirling Spray
\ "o§SiN^ rs^vlrke <*" *•*'••' »."«.«.. ltott-
VL^v!Vs£&!J»^8b^ ttonar.ri Sucltjn. B««t— S»N
> %>s--*=~-L»- j - r T^w , ,.,**'— M "* t Con-»enl*nu
c>tb«r. but tend ibimp lor . *K. /^5fe»\>
IUn«r»t^dl>ook-»»»i»*. Itgtre* \l. / Wjf
full pArtlrulurs and direettom tn- /£'-, / 3
TtlluablP to Udle» MAKVKLCa.">ifi; . jM
41 Park Itow, .Ve W Vork.
152 New Montgomery, San FraacUco, Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladies' Dept.), 224 8utter.
Union Drug Co., 4CO Sutter and ICO Stockton.
Osrood Brother*... 7th and Broad war. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy....' lid Ellii
j JiDVKKTlSEMEVrs.
\ ..SPECIALS.. /
\y^ FOR /
& X Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday x &
i4c Money Saving Sale ioc
kkbdi?' riSs* — '¦ oF^ Latest Novety ¦
ZrH"* Eiderdown Robes SgSK
and Jacques '" pri " 2 "
VOC " ¦ frOC
til v c -_j BeinUar Prlc« S3.7S. -P. . _. . .
Black Spangied ,iA* r Ar*rn u ,.ti»» .11 -. * « n n 1 s Flannel
OpeQj'i^Stw tiderflewn rtfiUss, all colors on nn Night Gowns.
designs. Regular UlepliCB OZ.1UU R *?u!ar price 65c.
price $1.65. ' ' ' '
r Besmlar Price t5.75. »• Of|
""—— — tidsrdowa holies, all colors O>| en T ,. ,
$1.00 - sale price. o4iOU fe d .'? • len
" f~L-}* --'.u..^ " •-••... watst. made in
S^Jc 0 "? 7 / 1 " *«rular Pries 88A5. new designs, trim-
Sf^StiS?- E Mm Rotes, all colors or nn Zt.TV^,
¦ Sale price OuiUU pri« $1.75. B
SJ<± OO X*T01*x Price $7.75. ' '
L „ : „ ¦ tiderdown r.obes, all colors on nn $4 - 98
ySd. w 8^ Sal8 Pnce.. Ob.UU TatosiikSkirts
med with JO taiU. «*mlar Prlc. 75e. '^Q ™*Sf * or«uperior
Rgur price Eiderdowo all colors >in n 2S? ty R ° e f e^
Sale price . T"0C p rf «5 6 -5o.
& greenbergX 6^
X 31-33-35-37 GRANT AVE.
*/ . CORNER CEARV ST.
ADVIRTISEMENTS.
I B. KATSGHINSKI I
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAJ^BWCISCO I
H Adjoining 3all Baildia?. \\
I Eest Values on Earth Sold Here I
IS Our a!m i» . to always lead In H
i| giving values; we have gucceeaeu FA
M in buildins up the largest Shoe n
M business in the West by giving %he H
N public the most for their money. Ki
M Our good values and low prices ¦
M are bywords with thousands or H
M people. We are proud ct our lm- B
H mense business and we are proud u
U to know that wa have built it up U
fl by treating the pubile with abao- m
H lute fairness and honesty. I]
fl EPECIAI. LSAOSB TO XZITZB- B
tl EST YOU THIS WJJIJC: Ladies l.
EJ Fine Vlcl Kid Oxford Tie*, made M
H with comfortable coin toes ana m
H patent tips, circular ramps ana M
f| heel foxlngs. dull finished mat kid H
fl tops, with collar and lace stays, m
Fl hand-turned soles and Cuban heela. K
1 Sizes 2» 2 to S. Widths B to EE. H
? SPECIAL SEDUCED PXICE. . . . Bl
I pl>4U H
I MADE FOR WEAR fl
y Winter Is the season when tha B
fl Children must have durable wear- g
fl Ing Shoes: we have them, and at E
ii prices that will surely interest S
m you. Children's and Misses' Box B
n Calf Lace Shoes, made with dou- K
| H blf extension sewed «olea. modern ¦
' M join toes and tips, circular vamps m
M ind heel foxlngs. and either spring ¦{
H heels or the new low school heels. H
j H Widths C to EB. R
N BEDXTCED SALX P3ICE3 THIS M
W WEEK: O
; B Children's sl2es. « to * T5* 5 H
tl Chilflren's sizes. 8»i to H----OOc H
tl Misses' sizes. 11 % to 2 81.15 B
|] DRESSY VICI KID LACt
fl Looks neat and will wear well:
II a new lot Just received on sale at
1 a special price this week: .Ladles'
H Vlci Kid Lace Shoes, made with
I new coin toes and patent leather
I tips, circular vamps and heel fox-
Si ings, neat extension sewed soles
'i and stylish Cuban he«ls. Very
!9 nobby for a winter dress Sho*.
'1 Sizes 2*3 to 8. Widths B to EE.
3 OUB FBICE BSOUOZiS TO..... |
3 81.70 B
| POLISHING SETS FREER
n TO UTTEODTJCB A VTHT SSO22 I
I POLISH WE VrTXJt OXV7? 7BSB ¦
I WITH EYESY liOC PUKCKASB ¦
11 or oTLOsntsnn a complete B
j 3HIJTINO SET. ISCIiVlilXa AS- II
\ JT7STABX.E WIBE EOLSESS If
I AND SHOE TOEM THAT WILL 9
1 TIT AJTY SHOE. Tax BEST D
B SHOE HOItSES MADE XOS ¦
H CLEANING AND SHININO TBS 1
H SHOE WHEN Orr THE POOT. Ki
I] Men's Seal Brown Hoosb Slippers I
FJ Just what every man needs: A ¦
II good, comfortable house Slipper. B
1 Our Christmas stock has just ar- B
|1 rived. On special sale this week, ii
I Men's Seal Brown or Black H
I Leather Slippers, made with neat. K
] comfortable toes, sewed soles and B
fl low heels. All sizes. 6 to 12. BE- H
I DUCEO SALE PBZCE 75c I
f| WE ASE SOLS AOEBTS TOR B
II BtTCKINOHAM ft SECHT'S ¦
I "l'KUi! MERIT SatOE" FOX B
II MEN. A BKA^TD THAT AL- 3
I WAYS PROVES SATZSTAOTOST. ¦
J OUB OtTABANTEE ZS BACK OP II
1 EVEBY PAXB. ALL STYLE M'
I LASTS IN VICI SIX), VELOUB ¦
II OS BOX CALr. SIZES 8 TO 13. 3
(I WIDTHS B TO EE. ONE PRICE ¦
»J Ta^fft OBD2K3 PTLLED M
B. KATSCHINSKI
I 10 THIRD ST, Son Traaclsoo. M
|ASTHMANOLA|
Zs tli* only cure for Nenrona an*
BroacMal asthma.
Tour DruKKist or at 5!M» HAIGI1T 5T-
San Francitco. CM. .
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
/?..' on Application.
TBESS AND SALT MEATS.
ias. bovts & co. gggr^y^s^jg
| LEAKY BO OPS AKZ> SXYLIOaTS.
AU kinds repaired. Glob* Sheet Metal Works.
1178-1178 Ml»»ton »t Phon« Main W/
__ OILS. •
LUBHICATINO OILS: LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front t.. 3. F. Phon> Mala 17197^
PBurruro. *?
LCBflUOES, in^BSggar.
WEEKLY CALL, fl.QO PEB YEAJ4,
P" ON THE PACIFIC COAST. V
With Four Big Credit Sales This Week
We have cut the prices upon every one of our lines of Furniture, Draperies,
Stoves and Carpets this week. We are simply being forced into an Expansion
Sale- Our upper floors areuseless where the carpenters are building" higher and
our samples are crowded on the floors below. So we cffer credit for all, and spe-
cial prices with credit. Complete home furnishing is our specialty. •
BRUSSELS wi^Mi^iL 1 dP BIGELOW AXM1NSTERS
A^yer in carpeti. That carpeti in Uro tco« red* tBrf These are the very highest cf high grade, high pile carpets
greens, floral tod Oriental effects for *ny room. Your at the very lowest of prices- I* Is Ihs greatest offer ever
choice from * nrnnrrr of pattena. Thii -week, by CCp nude. There are over forty parhroa in this tpe* C|/|ft
the yard, oat kid JJU daL This week, the yard, laid ...... OlifU
LEfflfiH BRDSSELS %S&£?2r£& a Anises, $6 bolls j?is?fi*y* H ££
. . . , Orientals. Rich ground We are ths on. y house that laid in a supply before the Jap-
catars ot red* gran. Uu.i^vood colon and deert tans. A^ we , fC , h &h week a n q r
$30 BODY BRUSSELS RUGS ESM $3.75 AXM1NSTER RUGS £« 3g| V«
" guarantee minster, and a ;arge assortment . .*. (JiiiJ
firm to be fee nefcd assortment of Bruaclg desiget that has t] 7* CSJ VRN A PHfiS OT Asmir.sters. Single door
rrrx ipporrd on thb coait, hu wot- And 0OQ Kfl * Ut>D 3i ' 1IIU^ A " ulK3 ri«. Just the riling for TCp
¦we oScr fhrm lHs-wrek for O&UiuU a bedroom rug on cold mornings .. ...'... luU
mm UMBRELLA $8.M ENAMEL BED $27.50 $32.50 DAVENPORT $15 DRESSES
CHAIR RACKS m^m^u DINING TABLE <¦ ift
brides. This one wttb Heavily framed, ma- With 10 more spe-
A bis Chair ej*- 'For the rainy brass top rail. In -white. 10 others, special. This hogany finished, clipper clalji as well. This
«SaJ tils wt+X. weather While cream and apple colon,, one golden oak. pedestal pprlnned and covered with <Mie like picture. In
This $1-15 Rfl r they lart. -]Zj. and all size*. ft CZ table, seat* *|7 OC fine velours or cor- «^l »olld oak. JQ OC
Dio«r ... Ovt lot Special *i.O3 e I gbt people. *ll.0«J duroyn. Special...... "P*l cut to */.U«J
$3.50 ARABIAN CURTAINS |S|| $17.65 §|§§|i|B |
with egecilre Escxmal corded design down sides and end. _^ Th'* ha«
Handsome Empire and floral designs. Sale price, Cl QC _ ffi 5^ . , n*S a
per pair OliOJ glSg^p2|^|gffi quick draught
CA £rt WOni PI IWl'ETC v °ven the fin- damper; a Urge
OO.J'J TfUUL uLAlmClj «t white carded Cal- )^?gg5^-^^ r^O?P^"^ ovcn.lt is a wood
' iforaiavool— the best wi^^R^L^^^Qji^ coa^ burner,
in tfce world Lars? double bed size, with pink or blue M£ h,isfMU^^^^^^Vi£l *nA 4t i« mn«nt
PPHOLSTEBY REMNANTS SsK^Ei < 2#«*mS£
1 1 seats and especial- T^^&^SSti^^^^j now CUl to
tf lor auMajr zo£a cesfaiocs. Several of a kind. Your choice \EJviJ (P 1 7 C C
of biae, tobacco, red, green or niJe. Each piece worth cn« If/ vN u) I I . ll !l
at least 5 J. 00. This wret, yoer choice, each JUu ¦ £sL«-
BDHHI % "ML "flak waff flHdH^aw. BrHlW^^WB^WWP^KH»ra^Wr?fi T^ff^ rWif yffWnv^i UlT'ujvrJ nwGNBSSQStiBfli9^HElaffB9
is?* \ lS\ f% v»r'ctifl i*>Sfij**»^ WHhBW HhSShqI
K^XrmsSQ «Sa. vQfk Mm ¦ fSKvflJtt fel HEfi22
r BIKa. to t& ¥3Srmlk V4\ % « 7&I >a \i %> % la \ \\ \ v<? mm iff
I WttWrMifflfrna xfea m lijyA Xn MmBnk « «. xra s % I w \\ \ isS kolKA m^ V' ikl^uiCommencing October 16. sleeping car. now
running to Slsson will terminate it Duns-
Sleeping Car Service to Dunsmuir.
WOODLAND, Oct. 15. — The Teach
ers' Association of Northern California
adjourned to-day at noon'and the ban
ner for attendance was awarded Colu
aa County. Resolutions were adopted,
thanking the people and . press ; of
Woodland for courtesies extended and
expressing appreciation of Governor
Pardee's sympathetic attitude ' toward
the schools. The teachers recommend
ed the maintenance of the present
grammar school course of eight years,
which was deemed short : enough, -i
The lectures ¦ of the session were : Dr.
Resolutions Are Adopted, Expressing
Appreciation of Governor's Atti
tude Toward the Schools. •>•* 0
TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION *
CONCLUDES ITS SESSION
GRANT'S PASS. Ore., Oct. 15.—Act
ing under the instructions of General
Arthur MacArthur, Major C. A. Gil
lett of San Francisco has been here for
several days Inspecting various por
tions of Rogue River Valley with re
gard to the establishment of an army
or cavalry post in Southern Oregon.
At present there is no post between
the Fresidio at San Francisco and Van
couver, ."Wash., and the general gov
ernment feels the need of one at some
Major Gillett. Acting Under Instruc
tions of General Mar,Arthur, Is
Inspecting Proposed Sites.
nOGir RIVER VALLEY
MAY GET' MILITARY POST
Four full sections will be required
by the Government for the post, to
give room for the several buildings and'
stables, quarters for the troops and
fields for military maneuvers. Rogue
River Valley presents excellent facili
ties for a cavalry post. There is am
ple ground, lying on a gentle slope
from the surrounding mountains, with
good water and with Rogue River as a
drainage. Being an agricultural sec
tion all necessary supplies for the post
could be had from the immediate dis
trict.
point midway, and will place it some
where in this section of. the State.
An engine driver was attending to
the machinery at Hay's wharf, Tooley
street, London, when the ends of his
neckscarf r were caught by the shafting
and he was drawn up thirteen feet
from the floor and strangled. .
RUSH IT.* Gabriel PrtfUnir Co./ "Print Any
thing." ¦ 419 Sacramento tt. Never disappoint.*
Orders Portland Fair Managers to
Send the Coins to the Palace at
Bangkok.
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 15.-rTlie
King of Siam has made known his in
terest in the Lewis and Clark Centen
nial in 1905 by becoming a purchaser
of souvenir gold dollars Issued In com
memoration of the explorers. The
coins were ordered through former
Minister to Siam John Bar
rett. The souvenirs will be sent to the
palace at Bangkok. Siam is taking an
active interest in the Pacific Coast
Centennial with a view of participat
ing in the exposition.
. VALLEJO, Oct. 15. — A pretty
church wedding took place in St. Pet
er's Chapel at the navy yard to-day
when Ensign Branch, retired, married
Miss Helen Simons, daughter of Med
ical Director Simons. Paymaster
Goldsborough was groomsman and
the sisters of the bride acted as brides
maids.
Pretty Wedding at Mare Island.
Everything for an enjoyable evening
at home;. playing cards, card tables,
prizes, tally cards, whist sets, game sets,
Bicycle and Congress playing cards. No
such an assortment elsewhere. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. t . _ . ¦ *
Card Parties.
Stockyard Employes to the Number
: of 1700, Vaccinated as Precau
i tlonary Measure.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15. — One case of
smallpox has caused ' the vaccination
of 1700 men .employed at the' stock
yards, and more are to be treated.
The vaccinations are only a precau
tionary measure and not because there
is any serious danger of a spread of
the disease.
The 1700 vaccinated men were "all
employes of one company. Four phy
sicians -went through part "of the pack
ing^lant leaving behind cattle killers. I
sheep; butchers, laborers, and foremen |
ed "™« -Wong™ oj^^ium" a pack
sined ads •
For an excellent lunch, table d'hote or a la
carte, with or without wine, visit The Clares*
don Csfe. 543 Post it., opposite Olympic Club.*
ONE CASE OF S3IAIiIjPOX
• MAKES WORK FOR DOCTORS
KIXG OF SL%3I PURCHASES .
SOUVENIR GOLJ> DOLLARS
C. C. Van Liew of the Chico ¦ Normal
School, Professor *H. Morse Stephens
of the University . of California and
Professor ;r. C- More, g
with sleeves rolled up and arms
"scratched." .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16. 1904.
31
THE EMPORIUM; I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I ; THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
I Latest initial Butterick Patterns Fashion 4 him >**v* r Cigar Sale I $2.OO to $3.50 Styles Spool Silk
i Stationery 25c and "Delineator" Catalogue //) t/° m 8for25o Sterling Silver 2 5c
| WH**. H g n- g r adc . «« nni,H JZ^^Z^r pV^.l-! l^l «f^frl^fntSctur-
t bhitl paper and envelope, with ini- J^^Z P tT'%^Z' .logoe for winter Ul^i^g/i^^ £ C^SSS cr's stock of sterling silver hoop Urge .pool,, a fev. joinings of each
£ tills stamped in colors-the new script bcUcr than „:„ and full o{ va]uablc , - is rcad -p- — ~ • T '" ¦¦ III If I a long time, Mexican bracelets in the latest patterns; all of spool, othermse would cost half
i ¦*!«—? /!>"« f r P " 25C advice. November num bc ;, Free to out - of *- ¦ J|T ¦* "" ' j , , %?£?*££ S? 2?JK L^eW XSl -much again a, Monday',
* and 24 enve:ope», :n box . —+"*" x - c copy; subscription, 51.00 year. town folks. < *^5^»*"" AW1LRICA S GRANDE5T.STOMfc. good ya'ue. Monday, each OJ7U sale price £.mJLr
I A Sale of Irish and German Make Table Linens ' First Reception of the Season by Our
I At Prices That Would Astonish the Makers & r f*' 1 * J** n D l °"^ -.^,
|: The most important sale of table linens so far this year begins . . «ff % , '^^^0^k9&%
* to-morrow morning. We have gone through our entire stock of linens PPv $1*25 Dolls 8lC
i for the dining-room and have made sharp price-cuts on all lines that <#» %M~^ m$? The sreat hoIiday stock has arrived from Europe> 3nd fM^TN^i'iiri
S are incomplete in sizes or that are without the matching requisites. The sale <^2i /Wl Mm th "'' 7^ 1 supply ,. ev : ry ch " d ! n ' own with a .f 1 " \iWjfi UA\M'{f
*' -, , . . 1 1 •-, • ¦ 11 • UlraDPrl \\WmL tfTui* Thousands of them on display and sale to-morrow. It is v< kVa/W *« 'tK.w. 1J , lr> r ' W
will continue during the week while quantities last, but the prettiest patterns affll, £ r fe J^^Jm" time t0 b^» dre *^ dolls for Christmas, and it is time to «4'^7#%J^Wf ¦ 'A M
j: and the best values will undoubtedly be selected by the early owners. Here j^HlS^#l^fi^[^ V^ppre' buy the doll to dress, when such an important sale as this is M : 4Va : W | j|f j m \\u
£ are the new prices: * '^^^^if^^^* SS^Y'^iW^t^T- Presented to your notice- v^'^>K»fr^BR ' '' ;i ' ! v \V
v HcmsUtchcd Cloths— Fine German damask, 3 Dinner Cloths— Irish Linen, fine quality, two " 1 l^ffi^S Monday only: UiJ^J^^^W^J^^ y ' y '^%
£ sizes only in these: si/es only. . S?L^<i\\ \'Vfc-X Indestructible Dolls— 18 inches high, with hands, feet and head ' 'Tfif
V 51.15 cloths, g- 4 •;«, for S1.78 y'S cjcthi, a>i y.rci long $1.78 \ \\\ \ \\l\V I that the little folks will find it hard indeed to destroy; large \-A-( W$l ~*Of
\ f--75 cicth,; g-,o si«, for $2.18 5*-7S dothj ,j r «i,: long ., ... $ 2m18 s V\ V|H handsome eyes, and a good wig in ringlet curls, 1.
i «, *fe^p^ • • ¦ --S2.58 Linen | f \ VVJ, ; regularly J nh 5Qc J^ Mon J ay Qnl / .... 23C
I '^Ssi^t.ts^hMhirweet V~?M Sg«§V ?. \ OSi \ ™ best quality kid body stuffed with 23C 57O 81C
i lllit^^M^: : : :if:IS m^^M^e^i^m^ w* u-« m-pw-i-ah 24-inch s .ze f .fordin- ™ ] y • • • ' OiC m^^m^m^^ 1 ;
I A«trta'l«n« Cloths-Neatly hemstitched. <?' -• — _. ; R * • * * 28c ™£»^> about 300 doze " in this assort- |^^H^ ; inj^ »|in^ *l inches .
\ I x.6 s c\ 0 ± h 8-4 «e $1.28 - Doubl c Damask Napkins-Fine Belfast linen, full ment. . ringlets, woven on net; pretty chemise, patent leather slip- O«J[ J0 ?!'' * «« o n h« ' t"««
S $1.58 mches square, the .'4.00 dozen kind, :'1 h" %%'ia P frs - bia « open-work stockings; good valu: at S1.25, SiC h T 9 I ' 5
¦| t.».- ae S1.98 for $3.28 . I^U^K:^?^-'. $2.18 sp.-.ial Monday ***** 2. inche, . . 2.75 3' »°che» . 5-75.
I The Fashionable Beaver Hats Extraordinary Bargains Offered in Jaunty Norfolk Walking Suits $3O
I Here for $7.50 Monday's Silk and Dress Goods Sale compare them for stvie
* Silk Nanned Beaver HTt<; kp -^-—^> j u- • or ¦ - ,r j . . , . Quality and Make with the tt£&£atJ
X. bilk capped Beaver Hats are A combination offering of ha!f-a-doz;n Sale Black Silk Talleta— A limited quantity . — WSnZSr
J the most modish of the new milli- jdSlip^pi 3 /J 1 weaves of new and desirable dress goods. (on y abou: 500 yards) that iucky customers Pest aa/.MJ suits in tne litv. .
J nery ideas for this fall and winter. /^^^^^^^y > ]/ /^^i\ bought for the present fall and winter season who come cany on Monday will be able to It is another fascinating new style introduced by The Emporium; \-/^
* We have a very large assortment V at about hall th«r real values— the assortment participate in. This tafFeta is all pure siik, made of men's wear mixtures in pretty grays, tans . )sj/
i of "Beavers" at prices xvhich we iD " de ; : ,, h . .. ... . u . . ¦ " worth at ordinary times donKe the itle price- and browns, and in navy blue, brown and black sfflW&Z^
V v '"-" vc SZ lnch AIoha ' r Sicilian!, in black, navy, royal, brown, Mondav tlti sold, per vard t • ,. ., . . . MtifiW/jffi&'^L
* .enow you cannot duplicate elsewhere. 5^^§^/^2^S?^ gam« and jasper gray. " f ' cheviots; they come in pretty j^rays, tans and browns; the V^^y'^/'/i^hK
£ Compare our $7.50 Beavers with the T^^f) SS;ff^i^#iiii^ 33C jacket is 28 inches lon 2 and belted; collars and cuffs are {/ Ml\|l
V 510.00 and $12. 00 ones elsewhere. / nMt 47 inch camels hair suiting!, in melange colorings. p , broadcloth and silk braided; skirt in box pleated effect, with S^'fiarv ' r
i UdtaT Bern, Itat^-ln the Colonial or large f- W • »'"« ¦» ¦«• th '" 75« • y«a. the billowy fullness so much admired and desired; it is a
k brim sailor effects, trimmed with hand- fields, there is no black silk so thoroughly well jaunty style for either slender or stout figures; a style ex-
% some shaded silks and fancy breasts or /^^'^^^/^^ known and appreciated for a good black dress. elusive with us and a bargain of barcains g>*&g% gt#% " J^*^L^T
t pompons; navy, black and emerald green, w e offer about 2000 yards on Monday, of at &&UmUU ! ' |MA
white and rink, castor and old rose, bro.vn and burnt 54 inch Broadcloth— Superfine all-wool, ex- inequality heretofore selling for $1.2 5— -every Women's Run-abovl Suits— At a moderate price. A new shipment TJ ¦¦r'liMV
x orange S7.5O ce. lent finish, in all the latest colorings. yard guaranteed, a: the very unusual price of of those very smart povelty mixture street suits — made with 24-inch fitted // *ltti^V
t *• — ¦¦-¦•"' -^ v , „-,„ rhildrr ' Viu N n t ¦ a S/'OO &£&£&* back coI - aric " jackets, satin lined throughout, with even length unlincd I lilt ' * U Ua
I 538^!^^ With rTbhon-T ,n f S P r Tv^ "luminatcd Suitings- All- wool, in , 5 color *2*3Z~ skirf-the color, are medium dark shades of gray, blue and brown, the // U X r ,.f.|\
i *G&Z^&S&r asshown in illustration^ navy blue combination '- on naturaI grounds y«d Crvshcd Velvets- We' h,ve supplied the value fully *, 5 .oo, the price only $12.50 // ] \ MV
i Uv^SBP-^S^^ brown, red or castor . ' $3.95 town this ne W novelty. There is no UnUcrpHccd Fall DrcSS Skirts II 'A 1 VV\\
* |\ "fti*^I - ~Tf*ZT t\ . .~A F. „„:.,- m . j r l 1 - . ¦;#> in^h TnMnr "\nitinfic In nove'rv rfrr-; co.or on the French shade card not represented in our - Mil!' Ill BVl»
I H\\ S^^i^ r^^^SS&t "^l^nidSrLiglrde^^h; f£ HVS is - a 'Lr £ New.line S -newst y le S -newmaterials-new effects. // J | \ l TO
J ;i i fi,«t Austrian woo., yard . S/ .^5 177,^^-^^^^^ 111 W^
I 1 s, 0° hf" s R " d >- t0^" r Hall -2 f tU Q?to « a% NCW Tflil0r Svitin 2 S-In all the new mixed Q JJ^H and ki:t:d £ ° th: k "«' *7-S«i ™^ ™* in rine hair stripe S«, .3 Vz // I Id .
\ l^r-A £w*&^-^«^«™M%Z^ colorings, fabric', well worth Si.oo the ', • i^OC - g-, jS.co and , 9 . S o. 1$ i III *Xtl&
£ *-* »"d prettily trimmed, for drew or strett wear. .. 5^.Q5 yard, a fu"l costume pattern for SSmOO *™ ""ivals in Novelty Silk* for shirt Waist sut. 98O Others from $/O-OO to $20.00 each.
1"^ GarpetS Lo »y We*™<l M*» Curtains] DO Z^J^^™Z?'
t 2-P'ece Suits, sizes 7 to 16 years Three Great Socials. This Week. 64C, 79C,99C, $1.39 flafe Do«b!e B«d Sheets-S.xoo inches, ' „. aiifornU White B.ank«ts-L,r,c «e , ad
».' Sailor Suits, Sizes 3 to 10 years r . \V • 1 f rf ' " ' bleached, undressed iheeting, each . 46O good quality, pair .54*65
J Don't confound :hej= with the usua. two.co.iar suits. They are "UenUine VV 1 1 t O H Q|^ Another great day for economists On Mondayin the Linen / in «j 1 Sheets— 7»9» in «J>«» 1»"V r.lifnrnu Rilnv,». r' * \* " iv
C= •., r i i. i_. u • . ...... \Z<aKr#af r^arr»*»Trc I ¦ I qnihty, bleached, each R9n WIHornu BUnKets— Gray or brown, clba..
j strongly made; wni fit equal to the higher-pnccd suits, and wxii give good veivet "warpets ¦ v^ curtain and drapery departments, 'on main floor. phiow Masiin- 4 ; inchc'wa;, i«i *«2 wd * ht - the nsaal 54.00 p^ pa* kind . .
%_ wear. Neat mixtures in brown and gray, and a few navy blue. All at p 11 f Ta f* f\ ' ' • grade, bleached, yard H l Ao •.....,.....• ..-$2.95
*! the one price $2.00 CXCeiieilL lap- §-*l^f""* Nottingham Lace Curtains — In novelty and Brussels designs, either Yard Wide White Cambric— A good ioc Bed Spreads— Fall we, white crochet, in-
* Russian Overcoats * estry Brussels VfOC white or ecru color, at one-quarter, to one-third less than regular r ki " d ; ¦• ¦ • • • • • • • • • • 7%o «"d of |i.oo each, th^t w«k . . 7«o
r- r i_ .> * ,, , j ¦ ¦ • l^OrniOrteri — Sanitary foiled, lilkobne COT- 'Pillow C.nrx Hood nnri *exifi inrh «i.i- •
i *%?? f ° r ! h= 2/2 to V" ro <; Do .-- .. S:r L ong chcvlots in OI - Sanford 10-Wire g\f\* values ' Monday only : ¦ cred - each • ¦ • •• • oac t^TT^t^V^ts^-
I fcrd tnz olive shaces, vevet collars, emnlcms, gi.t buttons, etc. A bar- T f d p i Wj Mf* g 9 c cumins, pair 64o $i.»S curtains, pair Q9o — .
I ganindgedat $2-00 65^ KrUSSelS |.oo curtain., pair 79c ,,oo curtain,, pair $,.39 Qh O SOO G TOO C H Q S Z H tl ll U U O PS
x Mj-^-Bm f+mm~-m~M~* BTm m m* m A Bio <f* m r% " m Tapestry Portieres — Rep, Armure and Gobelin weaves, green and — ¦ .„ _
j ntgn vtraae Furniture Never So Low Priced red colorings, heavily fringed- also tapestry and veiour border effects: At pncos Boss than many
\ Some Stores Ask Almost as Much Again !?.£S£5tf:.;- :: ::ll:ll dealers have to pay
t r—^ | = i^_. :^^===^ f Before purchasing furniture go on a little stroll of in- Table Covers- Armure and Tapestry, fringed all around, self and i n the past few years The Emporium has set an
£ f is i- j £ f^jp4^n^; vestigation. Visit our store and other stores— you owe it chintz cpionngs: entirely new standard of retail grocery prices. We
$ ' * Ki ;!Q(l«Sil t0 y° urself - Notice carefully the design, the workman- 6oc tlblecover$ : ' ' i^^JSl* . * have materially reduced the cost of living in San Fran-
v the finish and the prices, then choose the best. corded Arabian Lace Curtains— Heavy cable netting, 50 inches by 3*A cisco. We sell necessities of life at a closer margin of
•V ! I You cannot buy perfect, well mhde furniture below our yds., overlocked and stitched edge, newest patterns, pair-^2.50 profit than any store in California. We give quick
*- 3il : r^^^^ i^lli^i — You can't buy it elsewhere at our. prices; we skip Arabian Bonne Fcmmcs— 52 inches wide, 3 yards long, heaw netting, service, quick deliveries and are quick to make satisfac-
*" 1 ! a11 °* the thrown-to^ether, made-for-a-sale, out-of-date deep lace valance, a varied assortment at 53.5O, and tory anything that our customers are dissatisfied with.
* lBl^S2^^5Sf| W a -d unseasonable kind. We will sell you furniture ihu * 5 '°° each The articles offered for Monday and Tuesday are all
* Tjl f&frrji--^ ! - 1 ' ,, •]] i._^ . i:r rtf : Wrt . r,.'-«:*,,-«, +u^f ,,?->,, ,,,;il u^ «^ "" """"' ot them the finest produced and cannot be bought elsewhere at the pricci.
| !®iiS^#i h'v envo ,,i fS V P Direct Buying In Large Quantities 0 1 90 _! 1 „
%• Jl^ UsHSiSJ 22 !'' <Ll "dvciiiyuuiiiuil.lt-:>. . inSUf*G*S Best ValUGS Mtt I Beit E "* ern Sugir.Cured Haim— the T f Jtsse Moore A A or Marquette Pun I
1: W^^ 1 An Atocuvc Disphy-NW bein, made are the nejv arrivals m Women's Winter Underwear P£$S§^£ff3fei M %£lS£&2!:,73o\
' vvn weathered oak pieces, in Mission and Old Dutch designs, chairs, rockers, wwvmmmcmm 9 vwiimuw vhwci wvcai A o n a
J tables, buffets, 5-piece sets for dens and living-rooms, etc., all marked The Emporium is the only retail firm on the Pacific Coast that ° ~~ t ° - ~
*: ' at Emporium prices. sends a hosiery and underwear buyer direct to the great manu- Babbitt's Uundry Soap— 25 bars. $1.00 Kentucky Belle Whlikey— guaranteed pare,
£ Golden OaK Mantel Foldin* Bed— With woven wire mattre'ss; legs on foot end work automati- &*%£- g%g% facturers of Germany. Result— our patrons get much better Maple Syrup -Log cabin- Plymouth GiA-c'caw» : botdc' ' * af c
I cally, and when bed is open lock themselves; golden oak finish, full size, price . . . .&£i%*mWM values for the same money— our direct buying saving the jod- Pint. . . stop H-v^^-SSo Maryland Club Rye-choi« whkkey. aot-
tt o o Era» Eeds-Both fui ani v tut, heavy' 2 --n. Birdstye Maple Ta- J bers' commission. 2«-t> -3Oc gais. .91.VO tIc 68o
* i, -5 pillar*, bow fjor, head 64 % _ _ _ ' _ b'e — Round top, --- j-.J-^, , ,. Ijji Lidics'hcavy ribbed Jersey fl-ece- Ladirs' jersey ribbed SpringfieU vests and Scotch Oats or H. O., package . . . WO Zinfandel— extra table w;ne, gallon . 55q
I T-T^rfr 1 ! -h««:i..b. yE aM«. S4O.OO h« 7 rim, Wr< lined- cotton vets and pants, pan^natural and wh-te, 5 arrnent. 5I.5O Snider". Catsup-a bargain for two da y ,_ Apricot Br.nd y -af.er-<l!nner cordial, bot-
? ! J ¦; , 1 Brass Coslumtrs she;t . t'encn legs "£>* -X&<&z£&s£i "Tt II "^ rter Lad.es importeJ Swui nbbed pure Saxony kn-i, «>*, Ue 7OO
J. ; ! |j_Jt rj Be5t%uaikyF«nchle- (alsJ in golden oak cr=amco:or 25 C wool ve; ts , co T or$ wVte , pink , .ley, natural "» bo:de /7c Champion Whiskey - the o!d reliable, per
£ -~l~JI~^^\\ '."S . *S ' »nd mahoganv fin- ?@f f^^^^^^^p^^^^ "T MJH I Ladies' hcaw wool mixed vests and and black: Ohirardelii Chocolate — ground, 1 pound gallon S2.4O
i S V? 3. pTtJ^ ™?.$t5.°° Uh). . . $7.50 fs5|BT-'- ri '"J-^l— ijtfW pma.'niwil color ... 50o "" k . "° - 1 ""' «-O0 tin, \- 23 O P.d J.»o ; Whiikty-rf.= popuUr «^j,ri
t m^^^ MfflJI °" dt " Oik "•" *' <k - ¦¦— •- ' ¦¦• 1^. .wo- t hir Js „„»> raiI cd *=,«. US n n S t; 1 :!::::: : : : : !,':II <**" °»« <»-'«* • • • • ™ o Su^ ; £%
** fi!rTW-r^^j***^C^! < T^ri^^ > hEh ' 5? mChr * *' de> " tr * ' arSC bCV=1 ?Iate y fyg&-~~~**^^^ >^ . pants and tights, the famous Ladie»V Swiss, nbbed «Uk and wool m : x:d Ghirardclli Cocoa -^-lb. tini . . . fQo S*V™ BBO
I Wmmm^Wm &^#®«ii^pSii fep^^^^lw i^^#ISSi^o p'ss^^sks^s.s^
i ' • &)\vi*£^ _.-. ¦ M /' -*'O.Oi/ deign, no carvingi, handsom: gram ma- and natural, garment. . 7 Qq Equestrian tights to match . . .$1.75 P*»°nds. . :• 2Bo Tipo Chianti-Iulian Swin Colony'i rrf or
5' Birdseyc Maple DrcSSCr— Or mahog- ,> hogany, good tapestry upho.*ery, back Ladi , s » fine-ribbed cashmere mixed Children's heavy fleeced-lined cotton resti Royil BaklnS Powder- l-lb. tins .. 37 O white wine, quarts ....... 55O
* B , ,t,.tm A , • 3ny tinish V Outlin es tastefully "" ." r?""'. " ". 5S3.5O • vests and pants, warranted non- >r.d pant, and boy,' drawer., .re. ,o to Lucca O il-Cro». & B^lcwell^ bot. 5 SO Anjelica-Tokay or Muuat, regularly j \t. £
J' Birdscye Meple Toilet Table — Alto m ma- curved lines with I-jtctp <;hirp,1 A^*-?* . ¦vww ww r . 34, color natural, garment . . . 2Bo . i - utl ' - . v " "» •»««* tor the two day^ jtaUon 95o
Jk" kagaaj and golden oalc, twell front, oral . ' u '^ c -» d pe«.l 5.p iecc p ar | or Suit— Mahogany color frames, shrinKing, cream -and natural children', jertey ribbed wool mixei v«t* and SapoHo—handor .conrinj, 4 ban . . 25O A. B. C Bohemian Beer—
*K plare tnL'ror, exclutive furniture ftore's price, . rreilCn plate mirror, Construction upholstered in good damask, an astoniihne color, garment . . . $1.00 pants, . "Merodc" make, natural color „ /•««.. ™, «„„,;;.- M- n J >K <Q« Pu -» dox -» SI -3 5 Pt>., do«., &2.2S
I J-.-.^ojcrrricc 5/7.50 the very best •• $37,50 valuea't... . . $37.50 Ladies' fine ribbed Australian iamb's »nd cream: Kon« Coffec-ow Hawa^a blend, ft I»o charnpajne - Gold Seal, «« California, .
5 Ca«e Seat Bedroom Chair-Fine white maple, B|rd$ev . „.-,- Ch ffonier nr m K rtJ ,^\^ T-<TT Wool mixed veits and cants - Sizes 2 to 3 year 50O Corn Mttl-white or yeEow, ben EarterD, p!n% do « n 55.OO; single . .50©
Sf pretty « s ; g n and bargain at . . $3.75 t?& *o match VrovJ' maho S an y Pedestal Dining Table-Round top, carved w °°l m !" d ,, Veits and P ants ' Size, + to 5 Jear. . . . . 5Bo io-!b. uck 25O Assorted CordiaU - Creme Je Menthe,
£ Ladies' Sewing Rocker-la white iWe, to Hr^r «5#1 «croH , feet, . beaudful quarter sawed 6zk, "The Cr.obe make, natural and Sizes 6 to 7 year. .... ©OO Best Maine Corn-others a.k soc a tin, cur Creme de Rose, Creme de Violet, Creme
J match abo»e chair, ony . . . .$5.00 Ule ** cl W»»w»i# weathered or golden finish, only . $32. SO • white, garment . .... $1.25 Sizes 8 to 10 years . . . . 65O ' price, dozen, $1. 75; single tin . %SO de Vanille, bottle .. ..'.''.. • 75O
'jCA'AAWa'A'A'A'+'A'AA'*. '*' A'A'A 'A'A'A'&'a'A"* c +'A 'A**'*'* Y4W*'A'A'*'*<A'4*A'*'4'« 'n't."*.'* 'AW*°AW<4'A ~4'4 e ««*<'4°<'4*4'4Vl*4°4'< a 4 AAAA 'AAAAAA'A AAA'Aa'A WaWAA 'A'A'AAAA "Aa'AW* WAaWa'A 'A'A'AA'A'A'A 'a'A'AWA'* 'Aa'AA'A'A 'A'Aa'A'A'A 'A'A'A'Aa'A'A AAAA'AA W4W4A] 'A'A'A'A'A'A'A'A'AAA'A'A'A A A'A A AAA'A'Jt,He — Like all young men, I have my
faults.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 15. — The San Josa
and Los Gatos Interurban Company to
day was granted an injunction re
straining Mrs. B. I. Merriman from
Interfering with the survey of the new
electric road from this city to Palo
Alto. Mrs. Merriman owns property
through which the line passes, and. it
is alleged, that she has been pulling
up the surveyors* stakes and otherwise
obstructing the work.
Locomotives Are Completely
Wrecked and It Is Feared
Two of Injured Will Die
Source of the Common 3Iai
ady and Remedy Discov
ered by American Scientist
USES AX ANTI-TOXIN
CARS ARE TELESCOPED
"Here we have the issue clearly de
fined. The Republican party stands
for the subjugation of defenseless for
eign peoples; Democracy stands for
freedom. We relieved Spain of this
"Permit me to call your attention
to the portion of the Democratic plat
form relating to it:
" 'No Government has the right to
make one set of laws for those
at home and a different set of laws,
absolute in their character, for those
In the colonies. Wherever there may
exist a people incapable of being gov
erned under American laws, in con
sonance with the Constitution, the ter
ritory of that people ought not to be
part of the American domain. We
insist that we ought to do for the
Filipinos what we have done already
for the Cubans, and that it is our
duty to make that promise now, and
upon suitable guarantees of protection
to citizens of our own and other
countries resident there at the time
of our withdrawal to set the Filipino
people upon their feet, free and inde
pendent, free to work out their own
destiny.'
"The Declaration of Independence,
born in the brain of the fathers of De
mocracy, says the same thing in effect,
for it declares that governments derive
their "just powers from the consent of
the governed.'
"I have before said that we may not
disregard the responsibility imposed by
possession of the Philippines, and that
'responsibility will be best subserved by
preparing the islanders as rapidly as
possible for self-government and giving
to them the assurance that it will come
as soon as they are reasonably prepared
for it.'
"This means independence for the
Filipinos in the fullest sense of the
word. When prepared they may gov
ern themselves, as the Cubans do, un
assisted unless asking help.undirected
unlesss asking advice, untrammeled by
our politics, unincumbered by our poli
ticians and uncontrolled by us.
"Secretary Taft has said: *A
promise to give ultimate independence
will be construed by the more violent
element, disposed to agitation, to be
a promise to grant independence in
the near future and during the pres
ent generation. The success of the
experiment we are making in the
Philippines depends on having the
Filipinos understand that we are there
for their benefit, but that we expect
to stay there indefinitely in working
out the good we propose to do them.'
ROSEMOUNT, Esopus, N. T. t Oct.
15. — Judge Parker to-day addressed
two visiting delegations on the politi
cal issues, making his second speech
of the campaign since accepting the
Democratic nomination for the Presi
dency. Speaking of the Philippine is-
Eue, he said:
thorn in her flesh, the Philippines, to
plunge it into our own. We paid, and
are paying, enormously for the privi
lege of performing: the operation.
"Spain had been trying to conquer
the islands since the early decades of
the sixteenth century. She had never
quite succeeded. That is not surpris
ing. Every true American would de
spise a man who would not fight to
the last gasp for the land of his fire
side and the birthplace of his babes.
Did not our illustrious ancestors in
the revolution do so? For what does
civilized man revere the memory of
Washington? Are not the Irish still
chafing under the English yoke? Will
the Boer sympathizer refuse his sym
pathy to the Filipino patriot defend
ing his hearthstone? Do we not hon
or every man who has sacrificed at
freedom's holy altar?"
California Limited Tram
and a West Bound Freight
in a Head-On Collision
Physician Demonstrates His
Ability to Stop Disease's
Progress on Six Doctors
Nominee Delivers His Sec
ond Speech of Campaign.
PARKER ON THE PHILIPPINE ISSUE
FINDS A CURE
FOR HAY FEVER
FIFTEEN HURT
IN RAIL WRECK
Loupe, G. H. Murpsy, H. J. Harrison,
F. C. Markin, Mrs. A. G. Cheney, M.
Popper, G. Schafer and wife, H. M.
Wagner, Mrs. W. O. Wayman, D. Wat
son. J. D. Cardinell. E. H. Zahn, P. H.
Booth, G. L. Tanner and wife. ' B.
Mauzy and party, D. F. Ragan and
party, Mrs. A. M. Schwerdte and son,
Mrs. C. Wagner, T. Ball, E. C.
Boucher, Mrs. L. G. Harris, Mrs. H. C.
Lawrence, E. J. Marchand. E. Flan
ders, E. H. Chapman, R. G. Mudge,
T. M. Schumacker, H. M. Murison, C.
M. Grimm and wife, L. B. Henike, M.
Gabe and family, L. H. Kohn and wife.
ST. LOTJIS, Oct. 15- — The following
visitors from San Francisco have reg
istered at the California building:
William O*Kane, A. Crieve. D. Bush,
W. E. Wetr, G. F. Charlton, Mrs. J.
M. Benham, L. Barrere and wife, G.
L. Payne, A. R. Hardin, Mrs. M- W.
Deaner, D- E. Allison and wife, Mrs.
E. K- Ward. C A. Tribbey and wife,
Mr*. T. Kima. C. A. Stahle. F. G. Tan
ner and wife, J. W. RusselL E. F.
Crosett and .family. GL W. Xffiat sad
SAX FRANCISCANS AT FAIR.
Frank Kahles, foreman of the Crock
er-Sperry ranch at Santa Barbara and
one of the most expert lemon growers
in Southern California, Is at the St.
Louis Fair. He is accompanied by his
wife. Mr. Kahles has been honored
with the chairmanship of the Santa
Barbara commission.
Santa Barbara has shown her enter
prise by providing in her tax levy for
$3000 to transport her St. , Louis ex
hibit to the Portland (Or) Exposition
and ma>r»fl<n it there. That county
h«g a very pretty display here and its
possession will greatly lessen Santa
Barbara's expense for exhibition at the
Portland show. C. W. Merritt, the
Santa Barbara commissioner, who has
been very successful in his work here.
will probably be retained to take charge
at Portland.
CALL BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR,
RT. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— "When you see a
bunch of farmers anywhere in thesa
Eastern States that are dissatisfied and
would like to try a more congenial
clime. Just take your stereopticon and
give them about three doses of grapes
and oranges and alfalfa, and then
point to the nearest railroad station."
The speaker was Captain Will Har
ris of the Kings County exhibit, who
has Just sent fifteen families from a
district in Iowa to his county. He did
it all with his little stereopticon.
"They may talk about the adz and
the brewery being in the lead of civili
zation's onward march," said Harris,
"but it's the Etereopticon— that* a the
thing. The long-barreled rifle and the
coonskin cap have had their day. If
Daniel Boone and General Fremont had
been expert with the lantern the wild
turkey would have been crowded off
the roost on the run.
"Over there in Iowa when I threw
Fresno oranges on the screen the chil
dren tried to grab them. Th^e farmers
who had been trying to make corn pro
duce heavily enough to head off the
mortgage gazed on a few alfalfa ranges
and a township or two of drying fruit,
and began figuring how much they
could clean up en their farms by train
time the next night. If anybody hesi
tates turn on the lantern slides.
Enough energetic men working with
Etereopt icons could depopulate the East
and fill California until the settlers
dropped off Into the eea.
"Seriously, tbe Etereopticon is the
best advertising medium outside of a
permanent exhibit. The Eastern farmer
may hear plenty of stories, and true
ones, about the marvels of agriculture
in California and not be particularly
Impressed, but you give him vistas of
growing alfalfa, fruit orchards, vine
yards and dairy scenes, such as may
be seen from one end of California to
the other, and be wants to sell out and
go there. The interest the farmers
take In stereoptioon pictures showing
the wonders of California Is intense.
Tou can carry a etereoptlcon to a
farmer, but not a world's fair."
BY PAUL, EDWARDS.
Stereopticon Views of Cali
fornia Give Easterners a
Desire for Western Homes
MAGIC SCREEN
WINS SETTLERS
family. Dr. "W. A. Melerdierks, R. E.
Sawyer, W. Rothchild. C. H. Ward,
W. H. Robinson, M. Freeland, Mrs. C.
Robinson, A. Van der Naillen, F. G.
Sanborn. W. R. Hall. Mrs. W. Bril
liant, Mrs. E. B. Sanger, J. M. Curtis,
Jirs. G. W. Alexander, L. Fest, Mrs.
A. Legge, J. M. Benham, Mrs. F. L.
Platt, A. M. Wooster, F. L. Platt,
L. J. Young. R. A. Wagner, L. Wood
worth, H. C. Reynolds, W. M. Rosen-
Bhine, F. S. Chase, M. L. Fest, W. A.
Caren and family, H. P. Umbsen, O. E.
Lowe, W. E. Lowe and wife, C. B.
Hobson, M. Frank and wife, W. B.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901
ANOTHER GRANT* PRIZE WOX.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— A 300-pound
cube of peat soil from Rough and
Ready Island, below Stockton, has
been awarded a erand prize. This
cube is representative of the Delta
lands, near Stockton and Sacramento.
The Jury was composed mostly of
Europeans, who expressed wonder at
the richness of the flberous cube of
soil, and the award Is a splendid tes
timonial to those Delta lands and to
the State of California. It is generally
conceded here that Holland has no
better soil.
The most seriously injured are: Mrs.
F. H. Cunningham, Texas Creek, Colo.,
severe bruises and probable internal in
juries; George Bossinger, engineer of
passenger train, arm and leg broken
and badly bruised; O. M. Smith, fire
man of freight, rib broken; Carl Pit
cock, fireman of passenger, badly hurt;
G. L. Banks, train porter, badly hurt;
A. G. Moulton, conductor of passenger
train, cut about the head; C. E. Evans,
express messenger, injured about body;
D. H. Hawley, passenger, reported bad
ly hurt; Pearl Casley and W; H. Conk
ling, mail clerks; J. W. Webster, Pu
eblo, passenger, legs badly hurt.
The accident was due to the failure
of the freight train, which was late, to
take the siding at Portland and allow
the passenger train, which was running
on schedule time and had the right of
way, to pass. Both locomotives were
completely wrecked, the baggage and
express cars were telescoped and piled
up in a heap, the forward end of the
day coach was smashed and five freight
cars loaded with merchandise were de
molished. The Pullman cars were not
damaged.
The passenger train was running
about thirty-five miles and the freight
twenty miles an hour when the colli
sion occurred. The impact of the en
gines was terrific. Great confusion fol
lowed the collision, and exaggerated re
ports regarding the disaster were circu
lated.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 15.— Fifteen
were injured, two of them perhaps fa
tally, in a head-on collision to-day be
tween the east-bound California limit
ed passenger train No. 6 and a west
bound freight train on the Denver and
Rio Grande Railroad a mile and a half
west of Portland.
DENIES RUMOR
OF WITHDRAWAL
Hermann Schussler, engineer of the
Spring Valley Company, denied em
phatically last evening a rumor that he
is to resign his position with the com
pany. He has not had the slightest In
tention of doing so. The story, he said,
would please people in the City Hall
if it were true, but there was absolutely
no foundation for it. The directors of
the company some time ago asked him
if he would continue to serve the cor
poration. He then said that he would.
It is true, Mr. Schussler says, that
he will go to Europe as soon as possi
ble after the decision in the suit the
Spring Valley Company has against
the city of San Francisco.
"I have been forty years in the ser
vice of the company," said Mr. Schuss
ler. "A week ago the directors gave a
dinner in my honor. To-night I am
going to give a dinner to forty of the
employes of the company as a token
of continued good will and of apprecia
tion of their services. On my return
from Europe I will again serve the
company if my health permits. Poor
health alone can prevent me from again
taking up the work."
Concerning the water company's suit
against the city, Mr. Schussler said
that he told the directors three years
ago that he would never appear again
to testify about water rates before the
Supervisors, but that he would willing
ly testify before a court.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
ST. PAUL., Minn., Oct. 15. — To Va
ccine the victim of hay fever and to
recover from It within an hour -was
the. unique experience of six local phy.
sician3 at the hands of Dr. William
Dunbar, director of the hygienic in
stitute at Hamburg, Germany, at tha
lecture s!ven by him before the Ram
sey Courty Medical Society ¦ at th»
Commercial Club this week. Dr. Dun
bar Is the discoverer of the tru*
source of hay fever, the albumen snb-.
stance in the pollen of grains and
flowers, and the antl-toxln ,-wh!c!j
cures it. He had with him sevanl
vials of the toxin secured from ;h«
pollen of wheat, golden rod and rag
weed, which induces genuine eases cl
hay fever within a few mom*nts »f,
tor dropping in the eye. Ha also ha4
with him vials of the antl-toxla whtca
cures the disease.
After the close of th* lactara Dr,
Dunbar called for volunteers on whoa,
to demonstrate the power of these ao-.
lutions. Drs. Schweitzer, Rents, Sneve,
Taylor, Berrynler and Odendahl casts
forward and allowed themselves to ba
subjected to the action of the toada
solution, the strength of which can b«
estimated when it is stated that fif
teen parts of the toxin dissolved, la
1,000,000 parts of water could Indue*
hay fever In 5,000,000 peopla.
After the toxin had been applied 4
few minutes were allowed to •lapaa,
when hay fever became apparent
through sneezing and blocking of ths
nasal passages. The anti-toxin was
then applied and the progress of ths
disease stopped.
Dr. Dunbar Is an American and was
born in St. Paul. He studied medi
cine in Germany and twelve years ago
became director of the institute, which
he has built up to be the largest of its
kind in the world. It is a Government
Institution.
She —^Tes, but they are so Insignifi
cant that no self-respecting young girl
would feel justified in marrying you to
reform you. — Illustrated Bits.
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISE5IENTS.
" 1 Uncle 8am, In the person of ten of Ws government officials, fa always in charge of every department of fcgj
I j our distillery. During th© entire process of distillation, after the whiskey is stored in barrels in our g
I I warehouses, during the seven years it remains there, from the very grain we buy to the M
[ j /fjjlftTissik whiskey yon get, Uncle Sam is constantly on the watch. We dare not take a gallon of eja
I \ [ v|t|i^|pl our own whiskey from our own warehouse unless he says it's all right. And when he p|j
I r-Eli*kIfil does *°> t J mt wniske y S 063 direct to you, with all its original strength, richness and» ||a
1 K^B cK fiavor » carryi 11 ? a UNITED STATES REGISTERED DISTILLER'S GUARANTEE {§3
| H f^^S'^^w of PURITY and AGE, and saving the dealers' enormous profits. That's why HAYNER |||
J pl^Ol WHISKEY is the best for medicinal purposes. That's why it is preferred for other uses. fe;J
|,'.1 Hfc^t&pjSdj That's why we have over half a million satisfied customers. That's why YOU should p|
!• I ff^ 1^ nl tty *'• Your money back if you're not satisfied. % p3
I Mil rec * * rom our dietary *° YOU 1
| yMfli^lk Saves dealers' profits. Prevents adulteration, H
W^^X^rMtJ^^^L fillR nPFCR We will send you FOUR FULL QUART BOTTLES of HAYNER ||
P^Sfe^S^S^^^wPS *'*''¦ Urrtn SEVEN-YEAR-OLD RYE for $4.00, and we will pay the M
W^^S&j^^^S^^i^^^H express charges. Try it and if you don't find it all right and as good as you IrJ
Ij^fg^aiS^EXpSj^^i^^^ff^ ever drank or can buy from anybody else at any price, then send it back at gjii
K^i^^^iSi^Sfc^feS^Y^iW 1 '^^* our '^cp 61150 aQ d your $4.00 will be returned to you by next mail. Just think &¦!
W^^^^^SS^^^^^SStSu that °" er over< & ow could it be fairer? If you are not perfectly satisfied, you KS
|!^B^^^8H|B3pSg|BHgHH are not out a cent. Better let us send you a trial order. We ship in a plain ggf
iMf . T>*^:Si0fIs^®15jm«a case, no marks to show what's inside. jKjj
V - §-^ra«3»^^^»^fi*f^^ J A Hayner quart U an honest quart of 33 ounces, 4 to the gallon. All other high-grade Efifc
iO8aBBJ|f|i|JMiflW»CMB(^Mll|HBBy whiskies are put up in bottles that take 5 to make a gallon. vVe give one-fourth more in EKfl
¦I^B^ffiKTOi^^Si*'^ every bottle, really reducing our price just that much. E^|
H ""ffiST 0 THE HAYNER DISTILLING COMPANY ffiBfiR i
H^ 422 6T. LOUIS, M0. ST. PAUL, MINN. DAYTON, 0. ATLANTA, GA. J||
I H^EF^gj I toe TDC AT HilMP PPMFIW I
I § Hostetter's Stomach Bitters has been used so successfully 1
II 1 in thousands of homes in oases of Stomach, liver, Bowel
I fei%° MA ffbS 9 and Kidne 5 r disorders that it is now universally aoknowl- f&lSrtpB?b& I
i I edged to be the greatest home remedy on the market It *aT£B g
1iiuvu™k:^ h^ has been before the publio for over 50 years, which is one M
H of the strongest arguments we oan present as to its wonderful merit and for urging yxm to
IJ give it a trial. It is also freely prescribed by physicians to their most delicate patients, past
II experience having proven that the weakest stomach oan retain it It is na^Jiire^^ywii-creriiaJy
U for the many ills of mankind and its results are certain. ; jq
|| Is your tongue coated, bowels costive, appetite S®M AIWBB RUN-BOWfffl WVORBEfM N
I poor, sleep restless or nerves unstrung? , |B| Need the Bitters, too, especially in cases of Monthly i
p| TRY THE BITTERS, SSii Irregularities, Backache, Cramps, Vomiting, Fainting if]
|| . Have you a bad taste in the mouth, sallow skin, Spells, Sleeplessness, Dizziness, Nervous Headaches M
M bad complexion or severe headaches ? ° r Gen ® r 1 al Weakness. It has cured thousands in the :
pj • -r-mxs -i-uie- m-wr- ¦»*«¦* E3«lf^rfEu7R^r^*\ f past -That b why we urge you to fl
I TRY THE BITTERS. f||toMi| TRY THE BITTERS. 1
m* Do you belch after meals, have-sour risings* heart- '- " I I
pi burn or pains in the stomach ? i |K|| J|^>&L - MBTB8B?9& S3>ffT0 BJfaBZB jar ABiZP/nUTBir I!
1 THY THE BITTER* Hi HtKZ S KtUMBLE PHQOF. r
|| .ni inKEJiiiE.no. v&W jj&SfiEZi&i ' Rudolph Pohli, West Hobokcn, N. J., says: I was trembled for M
F§1 These ailments are nature's Warnings Of future PSI) ttwny years with Dyspepsia and Indigestion, and tried many remedies Fj
K3 i.-.,u* i ji xi t> i a M.t .i HjO I jSsB8ii2a«' withoat results. Your Bitters soon cured me and also restored my LJ
H trouble-— indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipation, i ps 1^^^^^^ apatite. Everybody shoaid try it. ; m
|i Liver and Kidney Complaints and General De- Eft I1BMMB I Gram Qoaid, crawfordsvnie, ind., says: inadbeenrcb^cttD**- M
I bllity are «m«> to follow. Take our advice. W mBHR| S^iiiS^^^^S^m'SS !" ™ 7 '^ ""* 1
|?| TRY THE BITTERS* iy! j^^^^^^Kj Albert Hamilton, Provldexice, R. I., says: I have nsed your Bit- L {
I Or, perhaps you are subject to Severe Coids, ' H^^^S t™^ *** '" """^ "^ X hM * J U
II ChillS Or Malaria, Fever and Ague? Then don*t P^^^^^^^ Sarah K Mann « Lopmton, Pa., says: I was very sickly and run m
II fail to toy TWIT mirTCrDa iaE8iS§KS*i"~SS down, but your Bitters soon restored me to health again. My appetite IS
pl| I f» I I rBBl 011 B GirtO. is good and -I sleep well. I willingly recommend it. |,'j
i &***¦*& LJ A sd 9 THERE'S NOTHING ELSE NEAR 80 GOOD. """" i
l^jL?-~L.r!ly r^®]" _®T **? TgE gehuiwe has ° uR pa^ ATE . ST^ P 0VER^ ECK0F bottle - 1THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1904.
33
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
JFRAGEKS
PRAG£RS
PR;VGERS
FBAGEKS
PRAGERS
)O - - ¦ — -, -. „ , ~\^z£ 0 *^?rfO!&^&y52£!}£}£/%Z2£Z2£2ffi/£&L&J£^^larly eager to see It.
• • •
Casimir Saladln. Jeweler at 347 Third
street, declared that it was not whisky
but stomach bitters that made him so
drunk when he was arrested at Fourth
and Clara streets for threatening to
shoot somebody with a revolver which
he carried in a side pocket of his
trousers. . He will be sentenced to-mor
row.
A wine firm In the Rhine country has
Just ordered a barrel with a capacity of
43,800 gallons.
Would Destroy Old Beds.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday
petitioned the Supervisors for permis
sion to burn a lot of wooden folding
beds on account of their unsanitary
condition, believing it would be unwise
to dispose of them at public auction.
Ere the oflicer could reply Judge Mo
gan gave the defendant six months,
and remarked that it was one thing to
invite, the, public to pay for witnessing
a risque exhibition and an entirely dif
ferent thing to thrust such an exhibi
tion upon folk who were not partlcu-
defense, "that if she had engaged a
theater and charged fancy prices for
admittance you would not have ar
rested her?" »
Madame Marie Faux and Madame
Angela Forget — pronounced Forgay —
Evelyn Munson, 17 years of age and
very pretty, unfolded a rather ro
mantic bit of autobiography yester
day ere Police Judge Cabaniss sent her
to the Superior Court for trial on the
charge of having robbed Nels Carlson
of about $400 cash and several valu
able nuggets.
' She was parentless when a well
known Los Angeles attorney adopted
her. she averred, but .the comfortable
hpme, good education and Christian
training which he was giving her did
not provide sufficient excitement, so
she ran away to Mexico, donned cow
boy garb and became a cattle puncher.
When the novelty of the vocation
lapsed and Its hardships began £o pall
she decided to return to feminine ap
parel and civilization, and soon after
ward found herself in proper attire
and wondering where she would go
when she ventured forth from the
Ferry Station, San Francisco. It was
then she first met Nels Carlson. He
courteously asked her, in mutilated
English, If she would like to accom
pany him to the Chutes, incidentally
adding that he, too, was a stranger in
the great city and yearning for con
genial companionship. The protracted
deprivation of masculine notice to
which the girl had been subjected by
reason of her vaquero costume made
Mr. Carlson's society all the more en
gaging, and his invitation was accept
ed oh the spot. Together they went to
the Chutes, and together they e'njoyed
all the vehicles of popular recreation
there provided. When they returned
to town, the purse of Mr. Carlson, con
taining the double-eagles and the un
minted gold, was slyly stolen from his
pocket by the girl.
She fled with her plunder to Santa
Cruz, but was arrested and brought
back. Confessing her crime, she de
clared that faintness overcame her
when she opened the purse and saw
what it contained, as she had imagined
that it held only a few silver dollars.
However, instead of returning the gold
to Mr. Carlson she spent all except
$190 of the coin for clothing and gew
gaws. If she had not been penniless
and a stranger in town, she pleaded,
nothing could have induced her to be
Mr. Carlson's companion long enough
to find opportunity to rob him, as his
manners did not improve with ac
quaintance. His was a nature of coarse
fiber, she declared, and innate refine
ment such as she possessed could not
be sufficiently compensated pecuniarily
for enduring his general uncouthness
one entire evening. He told her he
had amassed vast wealth in the Klon
dike, and invited her to go there with
him, promising that he would soon
make her independently rich. Before
she had time to give the proposal a
moment's consideration he robbed it of
charm by adding that any good-look
ing and ordinarily bright young wom
an could hardly avoid making a for
tune in the underworld of Yukon so
ciety.
Mr. Carlson informed the court that
while he had relished Miss Munson's
company, he did not think it was
worth what It ultimately cost him.
"Ay ban hav goad time," he elucidat
ed, "bot ay pay toe moch foar at."
The girl's bail was fixed at $1000,
and she was unable to furnish it.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The excited
manner of the speculation which ap
peared in the stock market yesterday,
marking the throwing off of the re
straint which held the market in check
during the earlier part of the week,
continued to-day. Buying orders for all
securities poured in in great volume
and from many sources. In the prin
cipal active stocks enormous blocks fre
quently changed hands, marking the
concentrated character of the opera
tions in them. This waa especially true
of United States Steel preferred, Penn
sylvania, Southern Pacific and Louis
ville and Nashville. The opening in
United States Steel preferred was of
10,000 shares sold simultaneously at
variations of % in price. The accom
panying large operations in Pennsylva
nia and in Southern Pacific were at
tributed to the revived interest in the
market of a veteran operator who
made a favorite of those stocks In pre
vious movements and who was intrust
ed with the management of the flota
tion of the United States Steel securi
ties. Louisville and Nashville became
very feverish in the final dealings,
rushing up to 137 by half-point jumps
and relapsing by the same intervals to
135H. The churning up of this stock oc
casioned a belief of revived operations
in the stock under the auspices which
resulted in the passing of control.
That there was enormous profit tak
ing, conducted parallel in the advances
in special stocks, was very obvious, not
only in the uneven manner of the rise,
but in the actual reactionary tendency
at some points, notably among other
specialties which came into ne^7 prom
inence during the week. The bank
statement showed only a small part in
the expected cash gain. The market
closed excited but somewhat Irregular.
Total sales of bonds, par value, 53,
925,000.
A broad and active market has pre
vailed during the week for all varieties
of securities, and the average tendency
has been upward through the opposi
tion of some very heavy selling of
stocks to realize profits on the rise.
Speculation has shifted from one to an
other quarter of the list, the low-priced
industrials coming in for an unusual
share of attention as the week pro
gressed. The foundation of the market
was the practical making of the grain
crops, the continued promise of an un
usually large cotton crop and the con
tinued ease of money, in spite of the
large withdrawal of currency for the
interior.
The Government's estimate of the
condition of corn on October 1 is
usually accepted in the trade an a
definite basis for estimating the final
yield for the crop, as the portion re
maining unharvested and liable to
damage from frost is then so much re
duced as to offer small danger of se
riously diminishing the final output.
An indicated crop on the Govern
ment's estimate of 2,245.000,000 bushels,
or upward, leaves no ground for alarm
that were caused by the early expert es
timates of the 2,000,000,000 bushels- or
less, and the improvement during Sep
tember of the spring wheat promises an
additon ito the exportable surplus of
that cereal. The effect of this news
was directly stimulating upon all the
grangers and directly upon the whole
market. The continued inroads on the
surplus reserves of the banks and the
prospect of its continuance yet for sev
eral j weeks caused a momentary hard
ening of money rates early in the week.
There was, besides, a receipt of over
$2,000,000 of Australian gold, and
the Sub-Treasury has contributed, a
considerable sum to the local money
market by reason of the monthly rise
in the tide of. pension disbursement.
The abundance. of money and the high
prices ruling are made the occasion for
much discussion of the general effect
of the influence in the production of
gold in the last few years and of the
issuance of the war loans by creating
great credit funds for disbursement in
the world's markets. The flood of un
varied rumors regarding combinations
and new. controlled railroad world has
considerably abated and has left a
more healthy appearance to the mar
ket The speculative issues in the bond
market have been very active and have
made some sensational advances. The.
tone ! for investment bonds has been
firm.
United States 4s have advanced %
per cent during the week.
The Public School Teachers' Annuity
and Retirement Fund Commission
met Saturday morning with the Com
missioners, Mayor Schmitz and Treas
urer McDougald present. Three teach
ers were retired: Miss Isabella Pat
terson, Ellsha Brooks and Mrs. E. M.
North. The number of annuitants to
date is forty-two and the annuity war
rants for last quarter aggregated
S250S SO.
Three Teachers Are Retired.
Drawing pencils and papers, drawing
instruments, draughtman's supplies,
inks, 6ketch pads, oil colors, drawing
boards, thumb tacks, crayons and eras
ers; always the best Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Art School Supplies.
ACTIVE STOCKS
CHANGE HANDS
are neighbors on Harlan place, and
when Madame Forget's 13-year-old
daughter appeared in public attired in
a red dress Madame Faux called her a
name which would not look nice if it
were spelled out In this column. At
least that is what Madame Forget tes
tified yesterday to. Judge Mogan, be
fore whom she accused Madame Faux
of having disturbed the peace, and no
sooner had she said it than Madame
Faux exclaimed in loud tone, "You are
ze great liar!" For contempt of court
Madame. Faux was promptly fined $5,
and next Saturday she will ascertain
just how much her disturbance of the
peace has cost her.
"This cop's a purty fresh guy," said
Mary Lang, alluding to the policeman
who arrested her for selling liquor
without a license in her apartment at
418 Kearny street. Asked by Judge
Mogan to be more lucid, Miss Lang
pursed her lips,, tossed her head,
winked knowingly at the bench and
said, "Never mind; when the proper
time comes I'll have my say to say."
Then the Judge inquired if she would
be ready to say her say to-morrow and
she answered In the affirmative. So
ordered, n
• • •
James Johnson of Oakland laid down
his '.'basket grip" on a bench in the
Ferry station and James Ryan picked
it up and was hurrying westward when
he was overtaken and arrested by the
policeman whom the Oaklander had
notified of his loss. After he had
pleaded that he took the property in
mistake for a somewhat similar recep
tacle owned by himself, Mr. Ryan was
given four months by Judge Cabaniss.
"I'm sorry I can't sentence you to
penal servitude for life Instead of or
dering your confinement in the County
Jail for six months," said Judge Mogan
to L. A. Lander, who was arrested for
publicly distributing advertisements of
a disorderly house on Taylor street of
which his female consort and sole
means of sjupport was an Inmate.
While the French ship Guerveur lay
at Howard street wharf Joseph Terrin,
an able seaman, suddenly became mu
tinous and kicked in the cabin door in
order to reach Captain Adolph Carbinls,
whom he Intended to attack. Other
officers of the vessel overpowered the
frenzied mariner, manacled him and
had him in irons twenty-four hours
when one of his messmates went
ashore and told Patrolmen Dower and
McGrath of the occurrence. They
promptly went aboard, released the
prisoner and then took him to the Har
bor station and booked him for mali
cious mischief and disturbing the
peace. When the case came up before
Judge Cabaniss the master of the ves
sel claimed' sole right" to the defend
ant's custody, as the latter's offense
was committed on a ship carrying the
French flag and it was the captain's
intention to have the offender tried and
punished in France. The Judge then
sentenced the defendant to fifteen days'
imprisonment in order to give the
French Consul time to take whatever
action he deemed proper in the prem
ises. An attorney for the defense made
strenuous objection to the ruling,
which, he alleged, would be likely to
result in most serious, international
complications. The court passively lis
tened to the protest and stood firm.
Mrs. A. R. Gray, a young housewife
residing at 35 Russ street, stoutly de
nied that either she or Mrs. Anna Seal,
who was visiting her at the time,
sprinkled dirty water upon or' struck
with a broom or otherwise assaulted
Mon Lee when he drew a knife and
threatened to slay if he were not paid
for the soiling of certain articles of
feminine apparel which Mrs. Gray had
intrusted to him to be properly laun
dered.
Mon Lee, however, just as firmly
averred that Mrs. Seal smote him with
a broom handle and threw dirty water
upon him while his back was turned
toward her. As for the Jl 50 which
Mrs. Gray had refused to pay him, he
did not care one snap of his finger for
that. What he did object to was the
way in which the women treated him
after he had delivered the washing and
mildly endeavored to collect the money.
He was retreating in a most orderly
manner, more pained than angry, when
the broom and the unclean aqua visited
him. No, he had not drawn a knife,
because he had no knife to draw.
Judge Mogan deemed Mon Lee's un
supported testimony inadequate to off
set the two statements for the prose
cution, t and next Saturday the defend
ant will be sentenced for disturbing
the peace.
Maggie Flores, who has been a va
grant longer than some of the' oldest
members of the police force profess to
remember, got her. third six months'
sentence within the last thirteen
months from Judge Mogan yesterday.
Her prior convictions fill half a page of
the official record.
Xavier Mefret, secretary of the Club
des Fumistes, 102 O'Farrell street, is
accused of embezzling $30 of the organ
ization's funds. ' Charles A. Dumont of
6S0 Broadway, a brother officer, makes
the charge, and Judge Mogan has set
next Wednesday for the hearing of the
Three little brown men were fined $5
apiece for celebrating with ultra-en
thusiasm the news of the Russian rout
at Mukden. They were' making Pine
street, between Kearny and Dupont,
vocal with discordant yells, when a po
liceman requested them to desist, and
instead of complying they yelled some
more, and one of them playfully tapped
the officer's jaw with his fist and
promptly received a black eye in re
turn.
¦ -_ • • • -¦ •
Mary Locke, middle-aged, buxom,
red-haired and an old offender, was ar
rested for doffing some of her outer gar
ments last Friday afternoon at Kearny
and Market streets. The complaining
policeman testified that she evidently
was hent on completing her disrobing
act, when he opportunely arived and
stopped the performance.
"I suppose," ' said.: a : young attorney,
•who unexpectedly bobbed up = for ; the
Comes to San Francisco and Robs Ex-Klondiker
Says She Was a Mexican Cow*
puncher and I(pde the Plains.
GIRL'S ROMANTIC TALE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1904.
34
For the Human Body in Health and
f Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us the early days when our
mothers and grandmothers gave us
our daily dose of sulphur and molasses
every spring and fall.
It was the universal spring and fall
"blood purifier," tonic and cure-all,
and mind you, this old-fashioned rem-
edy was not without merit.
The idea was good* but the remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and a large
quantity had to be taken to get any
effect.. . • .
Nowadays we get all the beneficial
effects of sulphur in a palatable, con-
centrated form, so that a single grain
is far more effective than a tablespoon-
ful of the crude sulphur.
In recent years research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur
for medicinal use is that obtained from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold
in drug stores under the name of
Stuart's Calcium Wafers. They are
small chocolate coated pellets and con-
tain the active medicinal principle of
pulphur in a highly concentrated, ef-
fective form.
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
maintaining bodily vigor and health;
sulphur acts directly on the liver and
excretory organs, and purifies and en-
riches the blood by the prompt elimin-
ation of waste material.
Our grandmothers knew .this when
they dosed us with sulphur and molas-
ses every spring and fall, but the cru-
dity and impurity of ordinary flowers of
sulphur were often worse than the dis-
ease, and cannot- compare with the
modern concentrated preparations of
sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium
Wafers are undoubtedly the best and
most widely used. ¦
They are the natural antidote for
liver and kidney troubles and cure con-
stipation and purify the blood in a way
that often surprises patient and physi-
cian alike.
Dr. R. Mj TVllkins while experiment-
Ing with sulphur remedies soon found
that the sulphur from Calcium was su-
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
especially when resulting from consti-
pation or malaria, I have been sur-
prised at the results obtained from
Stuart's Calcium Wafers. In patients
suffering from boils and pimples and
even deep-seated carbuncles, I have re-
peatedly seen them dry up and disap-
pear in four or five, days, leaving the
skin clear and smooth. Although
Stuart's Calcium Wafers is a proprie-
tary article and sold by druggists, and
for that reason tabooed by many phy-
sicians, yet I know of nothing so safe
and reliable for constipation, liver and
kidney troubles and especially in all
forms of skin disease as ; this remedy "
At any rate people who are tired of
pills, cathartics .and so-called blood
"purifiers," will find in Stuart's Cal-
cium Wafers a far: safer, - more pala-
table and effective : preparation.
What Sulphur Does
THE WHITE HOUSE
Commencing To-Morrow (Monday)
WILL BE OFFERED AT
Greatly Reduced Prices
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
Furnishing a home is not a formidable undertaking.
A little "shopping" and you will have no difficulty in selecting the right furniture store — the store
that carries everything you need, offers the best values and the fairest terms. t
The Sterling divides the payments into the tiniest of fractions.
The Sterling offers a selection that makes selecting a pleasure.
Furniture, prices and terras that leave no room for regrets or after disappointments.
No mail or telephone orders accepted for any of these advertised articles.
: «^ll«|^ M\"* ! ¦\T' Sl (!^8B * 'THE 'PARLOR TABLE j
r * vE£*&M) 4wW?i!HfflWffll T " 9 ' J ust about the same J
PRETTY SCREENS Ifrrrfff 'PMf| 1 around S t£w^ are asked uo ° ior I
$1.50. / '/f *^ " XL^* "f^^fJ'riiil Round top. 24 Inches across.
•vlgix^j^ -• T^SfcSSS >|zSi/|,'!fl:| Thft t0 P has a broad bead^.i
Three folds. 66 inches in p^-^S?^' -WXW^ \ band attached. It adds a grea
height— the central leaf being VWafy f\'l d " al t0 lts *oort look", but It =¦
a trifle higher and wider than 0&^ 1 _ . , \f sj. \H&' y |\,4 there for another purpose— to
the others. Oak frames, lnvls- >l •*-- - > \|j ijl. & dd strength and to prevent
They are filled with shirred a-—^ — — — — — — ' , I Comes in golden oak finish
sllkollne, in every pretty shade. LJ __• only.
/c^=f^=^9\ ¦& MAGNXTIOEITT SXDEBOABD, $75.00. j
But you don't have to pay the se-venty-flve to-day ray I
(C \£&//^l7& $15.00 down and than $1.00 a week— easier for you a*d
y FSfi^Y W Quite as satisfactory to us. J
I iST It is built of the finest quarter-sawed oak. weathered 11
_1 I Y finish. Leaded glass in tire China Cabinet at the ton- BS
/v^^-Ji^-^-x ( ] I massive bronze hinges and drawer pulls. H
v^Ck-*' \^O*^T> i In sl2e lt#s most Imposing, beine a trifle over six faet t!
Itl mn/O'i= !; V ' L I J ln heteht and a full five feet In width. 1
W vxhlf/str ><\ I "**" * You'll pronounce it the handsomest design that haj tb* El
I \SSy£ If—^— <U been executed ln the popular Mission style. I]
THE ENAMELED BED, S14.75- W~ ' I 1 j RplliaSfii >fWi'«f*\ 1
S1.00 Down, S1.00 a Week. U 0 gg«*gMMag»Fi ¦¦-LSiSISM !
The terms arc the easiest In town, but it isn't the H j fl tn ' irWtmiT~^\ V l I H
terms that makes this Bed the greatest Metal Bed offer II ,' \\ I ¦aagyr«ti l .» r ,..i rff\ZJ$, \\
in town. It's the design, tho finish and the all-over I ' \A '| PAa 1 !, I; *|'j| ;C^1 \ M
worthiness. IVa an "Adams & "Westlake" Bed— the high- |Lj Ai. j t . tw^^^^ts 3 "^"^ ) fi
est grade Metal Bed in the world. It comes in every Fr=). Yjf,.** I "_ W 1ST L \\
delicate tint of enamel — enamel, mind you, not paint. II *r uii I "*»» Y?/ M
Enamel that is baked on; It is as smooth as satin and */ } j 1 *%f.g_ |l II
ne 'Llke Cr |ll kS the r go O d P Beds, It comes In double size only. MQRE $J TAB0URETTES . AXB-T1QHT I
A WORD FOK HOUSESEEKEBS. \ In quarter-sawed oak. These Heaters ar« really B
We conduct a free house-renting agency within our weathered finish. wonderful. Start yonr flra (j
store. It embraces tho combined lists of 20 leading Picture tells how pretty and then screw down tho J!
renting agencies. Convenient to find all the vacant It is. We want to add vtnt. Th« flre will last 24 ¦
houses ln town listed in one agency. that It is well construct- hours, and gives out as much H
THE MODEXi FOUR-BOOM COTTAGE ed. one that will last — heat as a glaring coal fire. ft
Is demonstrating our prices and terms to hundreds of doesn't smack of the bar- It's the regular size, 2H t*9t m
homeseekers daily. - gain counter ln any way. in height. 18 inches ln dlazn- B
$150.00 furnishes the four rooms and you have a Round top, 20 Inches in eter. Polished steel body: all R
year"s. time in which to pay it. height. trimmings are of nickel plate. ¦
#B n ca i 1 M If /d^i W I 1 I I n a I I I I 9mt B t Illran $$¦ \\
For the 0 1 or
Home m§i Room
jTa5jc5Jtt^j3
1 JLHM. !
SOU) BOURBON |
I HP
W^Mfl^ v
4 OQ Perfect Fitting Q?Y
v Eyeglasses &
j At Moderate Cost |\
BSraWEAK. MEN
»%*S~jO^ DR. HALL'S REIXVIGORATOn
yV3 t-C Etops ail losses and unnatural dis-
| f charge* in 24 hours. You feel an
fS3 ESS improvement from the first dose.
Tv Wl e k*- ve s0 much confidence in our
KU wi treatment that we offer Five Hun-
jSrJ *S£ <irfi reward for any tafe we can-
*»™«5i»iiB not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost power, r.ightJy emissions, wasted organs,
variooccle, rleet, strictures, kidneys, Jailing
memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhea, dis-
ease of the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects cf self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases in old or young of that mortl-
f>'ins condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed, 42
per bottle; three bottles $5. Guaranteed cure
any case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, 855 Hroadway. Oakland. Cal.
Alt-o for sale at 10734 Market et., S. F. Send
for free boclc.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
ISUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
Q C3 :: - : ai=ZI z :r • **'•• 6:U"~ ¦ s.r.c»L a
\ -^r The Largest Ab&tc'isic&l Mescuoi in the \
U —i JDl. Word. Wetknesiet or ujr contracted A
KSiSft <*•*¦»•• M»«"»»'r«wW by the oldest T
O tpul Specialist oa theCout. Etc. 36 yeir>. O
0 $£5v R DR * J B RDAN -D!SEASES CF KEN A
¦ f(t/&>5n CoBtultitioc free »nd itrirfljr prUne. \
Q 3 isVln T r "» t n>ein p»rjOr.ii y or br Inter. A A
\ m U Tl H ****** Onr»inerenrc«3eu»ilrn«ke«. \
nv'f lit* Wntefor Book. PBlLSKOPBVsf A
V * II I, • SAIBIJICE, MAILED PltZE. f Af
A A /L v&iuab4e book for m*:i) x
V Da. JHBDIS *CO..TC51 Marten JH..S. F. V
li MERCHANT TAILORS, jj;
\\ 022 Market Street. |i
*> Up Stdrs. Opp. Palace Hotel. I',
8 SAN FRANCISCO. ||
# Novelties in Imported Wear \\l\
Cl "PATENTSl ;)
MARKET ST. S^SS^
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
rWEST.
Over 24 Post et.. San Francisco. Cal.
Esu.b. iO >-<»ars. Open entire year, day & nirht.
Write for circulars (free). :
Polytechnic Bnil-
-^^^jSjJtg^^ nesf College and
Sch001 oi En si-
lgj^/^^#73;-9L*j!t* aeerlac. Oaklma.
5^^Vt*75»SSi2S£^ Cal " — L arpest and
~j?p;:r^' •* ." .{aJffiTJT: ajl^ er.cir.eerlng we*t
WS5^SS*|5njU>>5'cf Chlcaro. Perfect
"in n r 1 climate. Expenses
, ¦ ~~"~— low. WriU for tr— •
-' . ADVERTISEMENTS.
flp^lliiiill M I r. \ MMmmimwa ' everybody can have nice
iiiiiliil^illw H *' "V \ Hra»KililP"lL HAIB NOW, and you don't h»Te to
: " %i -C.3 I % '*> ' \ trait around weeks and month* for
MMzsv^M&Mt'tfm pllj ''t \± \ W$03? '" " "$ * result* either. Ton Trill us improre-
§$$T;*<^ I ', £ wllllf^ilpfii menu from the rery first application.
fS&i£- >'7 •"¦•-/• / //- \ r C~r*-/~ f\ \ '&&<*$*£ ~*]Sm tll?tbrL lnc^es^oJsr, whlc^l'beillrJ
f~f ". cfr '- '•, *-O' t'C " <•' iT V* *\t>*^ '" r * '*- • (MUs Demmare is now tb* longest
* * • y. V^Q>"i : !^"- ;' ! -ffijlfj haired lady in the -world, made so by
gpl;?- '' "V ? ' • C*v f^ ' \ JlfililS^^vlrlli: * ne usw °' this Great Hair Growing
Wa&& Wm?m? >»- * > Vi : C " ,1^M NOW at all dni^ists in three sizes. 25ceats. 60
RUSS MAY DENSMORE advertisement to tbs Knowltnn Oanderine Co.,
• .. ..,..„.,. . diicscro witti thflir DAino &Qd £i(lur&33 ftQd ten C4&C4
94 Delaware Place. . CHICAGO, ILL. in silver or stamps to pay postage.
REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.Pugilistic Kitchen Boss at Buss House
Is Fined ln Police Court and
Later Rearrcsted.'
Claude Nicholson, head steward at
the Russ House, seems to find difficul
ty ln keeping the peace. He, was be
fore Judge . Cabaniss yesterday on a
STEWARD NICHOLSON'S '
I TROUBLES /ACCUMULATE
BAN JOSE. Oct. 15. — Antonio Sou
sa, aged eeven years, whose home was
at Edenvale. was killed last evening
hy being run over by a wagon heavily
loaded with grapes. He attempted to
climb on the wagon to get some of the
fruit, but fell and two wheels passed
over him, crushing out his 'life.
School Boy Is Accidentally Killed.
llov Accidentally Slioote Himscif.
IUVERSIDE, Oct. 15.— Albert Wil
son, ten years of age, son of a prom
inent real estate dealer of this city,
was fatally wounded by the accidental
discharge of a shotgun early this
morning. Wilson was pulling a gun
out of a wagon while on a hunting
trip when the accident happened. He
received the full charge In the right
J T. H. Goodman, general passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, has been 111 for several days and
has gone to the Southern Pacific Hos
pital. '
A. H. Mugfovd-, of San Diego and
Walter R. Maxwell of Los Angeles,
who are interested in mining proper
ties 1 in Mexico and Lower California,
are guests at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. T/alter Hobart re
turned yesterday from the East. They
left here a fortnight ago to visit the
St. Louis Exposition and accomplished
the round trip within fAvo weeks.
J. M; Jones of the United States
Weather Bureau and George A. Jones,
one of the chief clerks of the medical
department at- Washington, arrived
from the East yesterday and are reg
istered at the Occidental.
G. B. Dorr of Boston, who is at
tached to the United States Forestry
Bureau, is registereTd at the St. Fran
cis. He has been to the Marlpbsa
Grove for several weeks and ls'tiow on
hisj way to Northern California "to
study the forestry interests there.'^.'v
Vice President Corral of Mexico is
scheduled to arrive here on Wednes
day. In: his party, are Madame Corrai,
Mr. Redo, his private secretary; Gen
eral Torres, Madame Torres, Senor
Nunez, :. ; Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury; : Madame Nunea and Miss.
Nunez. Thpy will be met on arrival
here , by ¦ Major Parker W. .West, rep
resenting General - MacArthur, by. or
der of -General Chaff ee. , •
F. J. Dunbar of "Salem, Secretary
of State of Oregon, and his wife are
registered at the St. Francis.
E.'A. Hayes, proprietor of the San
Jose Mercury and Republican Con
gressional candidate in the Fifth Dis
trict, is at the Palace.
C. M. Tulloch, a N wealthy 3'oung
Scotchman, who has spent four years
In the Orient and Is now touring Cali
fornia, is registered at the St. Francis.
Henry Stern, the real estate man,
has returned after a six months' tour
in Europe.
Ross C. Cline, Pacific Coast agent
of the Wabash road, is registered at
the Grand.
RIcardo Morera and Juan Tusquett,
tourists from Barcelona, are staying at
the Palace.
Louis A. Flannigan, a well-known
clubman of Philadelphia, is a guest at
the St. Francis.
J. F. Gardner, a mining man of
Goldflelds, Is at the Palace.
s Dr. K. Tsuno of Japan is at the Oc
cidental on his way* home to the
Orient.
Dr. H. N. Frieman of Volcano is at
the Lick.
PERSONAL.
I "The Governor, I am sure, will not
favor any plan of distribution that will
do the slightest Injustice, to a single
portion of the State, and on this line
he will carefully consider any measure
that will have for Its object the taking
from one section in order to ffive to
another. The •* basis must be an
equitable one and it may be discovered
that the teacher, schoolroom or dis
trict basis Is no more perfect than the
child basis.
"I have had some little experience
as county and State superintendent
in apportioning school* funds and I
have given no little thought of late to
the problem before "us"and I confess
that thn solution Is not yet clear to
me. I trust no hasty, action will be
taken, for it is a serious matter. But
we need more money. and we need it
now, and with all due respect to those
who may believe to the ; contrary I
am- of the opinion that, it is but
reasonable and right to ask the State,
for Dubllo education is a , State
matter, to add to the general
school fund a . sum . equal to
59 in lieu of what has;been the fig
ure for forty years-; —^7 per. census
child. We can see that this will help
the situation within a year and it may
take experts and actuaries a score
of years, to solve the, = problem of a
more correct plan of distribution.
"THOMAS •• J: KIRK,
"Superintendent Public Instruction."
people, though the number of chil
dren is no greater than eight or ten,
notwithstanding the district covers a
territory twenty miles square. "The
people of such districts deserve great
sympathy and consideration. But
while it is splendid sentiment to be
out in search of the lonely lamb, he
is likewise a good shepherd who has
s /so a care for the main flock.
"It will never be possible to put
•very school district on an equality'
with every other school district in
building and equipment, nor will it
be possible or even desirable to pay all
teachers the same wages, even for the
same grade of work. There are teach
ers and teachers, but it is clearly seen
that in. rank and file better salaries
are demanded, else the teaclftng army
is going to suffer in good material
from both desertion and failure to en
list.
charge of battery preferred by Hugh
Wagner, a waiter at the hotel. Pauline
Hall, Nellie Cauley and Clara Dewet
supported the accusation, testifying
that Nicholson had attacked Wagner
without provocation. His Honor im
posed a 55 fine.
Later in the day R. A. Brown, the
Russ House cook, attacked J. J. Ken
ny, the head waiter, and gave him a
severe beating. Policeman Haggett
was notified and he placed Brown un
der arrest on a charge of battery.
Then Steward Nicholson ajivised
Brown not to submit to arrest, aB the
policeman did not have a warrant.
Haggett retorted that if he had more
hands he would take Nicholson along.
The steward defied him. After book
ing Brown at the City Prison Haggett
swore out a warrant for Nicholson's
arrest on a charge of Interfering with
an officer. Nicholson was arrested
and booked at the prison.
DIFFICULT OF SOTjUTTOX.
"I know there are instances in re
mote portions of the State where the
country school is everything to the
"Until about 1876 the distribution
to the districts in the county was made
on census alone; now it Is made part
ly on census or on teacher and part
ly on average daily attendance. A
school district is given $500 from the
school fund (State and c,ounty) for
every teacher assigned to it, and the'
number of teachers Is determined by
counting one teacher for every sev
enty census children or fraction of sev
enty not less than twenty census chil
dren. To school districts having less
than twenty and ten or more but $400
is given. ' The balance remaining .af
ter distribution on teacher basis Is ap
portioned to the districts, according to
their average daily attendance.
"The principle of raising money on
property and distributing it on chil
dren has lone been deemed funda
mental and herein lies the trouble.
Population has greatly increased in
certain centers, in the cities, and cor
respondingly dwindled In distant rural
communities. It is a' very rare thing
to find a country school of over twen
ty-five children. Th'e'Vlverage of coun
try districts in remote counties Is not
more than ten or twelve. Under ex
isting law a school district is con
tinued from year to year and draws
public money so long as It keeps its
average daily attendance during the
year above five pupils. The law has
been very liberal in permitting the es
tablishment of school districts in the
country wherever fifteen census chil
dren residing two miles from a Echool
houee are found, and in permitting
continuance so long as the - average
dally attendance does not fall to five or
less. It is a .nice point of equity to
determine whether a school district
with but say six children to educate
is entitled to the same bounty from
the State as the district which has an
average of say forty or more children.
The Governor, if I; understand him,
v/ould give the same money to each
district In these two cases. We must
ever be mindful of the weak and the
few, but we cannot afford to be un
! just to the many. There are many
more small country school districts
than there should be. Many of them
should be combined, and where there
are now three and four teachers, each
with a dying or dead school for want
ol numbers, there should be instead
but one wide-awake living school and
one teacher. .
DISTRIBUTION" OF FUNDS.
"It is evident to every one that
without additional money we can help
the needy only by taking from those
whom we think can spare it, and It is
no easy matter for one who takes all
things into account to determine what
portion of the State Is getting too
much.
"The State does not, as some er
roneously think, give to every census
child $7. This figure is solely to guide
the State Board of Equalization. Said
board is required td fix annually such
a State school tax rate as will produce
a sum equal to $7 per census child.
This is paid into the State treasury
and is distributed to the different
counties ln proportion to school cen
sus children reported by them at the
preceding Api.l school census.
has written the following expression
of his views on Governor Pardee's pa
per on school funds, read before the
Northern California Teachers' Asso
ciation, which recently met In annual
session at Woodland:
: "Department of Education, State
Capitol. 'Sacramento,' Cal., Octtober
15. 1904.
"I am asked what I think of Gov
ernor Pardee's address or paper be
fore the teachers of Northern Califor
nia at Woodland this week on the sub
ject of school funds, and in reply
would say that the present manner of
raising and distributing, school reve
nues has been, during the last year,
a subject of frequent discussion both
In writing and in personal conversa
tion between the Governor and my
self.
"We are both seeking light upon the
mibjecL We are both agreed that
better salaries are due teachers. He
has concluded that we already have
enough money If lt were differently
distributed. On this point I am not
so sure, although I do agree with him
that there are some undesirable re
sults exhibited from present methods
of distribution and I am trying to dis
cover remedies that will remedy and
at the same time will be fair and just
to all concerned.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 15. — Superin
tendent of Public Instruction Kirk
Says Present Method of
Apportioning the Coin to
Districts Is Unsatisfactory
MORE MONEY; IS NEEDED
Superintendent of Public
Instruction Kirk Gives His
Views Upon the Question
SCHOOL FUND
DISTRIBUTION
TOY MAX SING DIES
MERELY FROM CHAGRIN"
When He L.earns That His Forged
Certificates Have Been Rejected
He Expires.
By the steamship China, which ar
rived last Thursday from the Orient,
news came of the death of Toy Man
Sing, a Chinese "grafter," who had
fled to China shortly after the Federal
Grand Jury had Indicted him and \V f
H. Dlllard for dealing in forged Chi
nese certificates of registration. Toy
settled in Canton and for two or three
years waxed fat upon the profits
gained by the sale of forged "section
6" or merchants' certificates, setting
forth that the holder was a merchant
and entitled to land in the United
States.
.One hundred of these certificate:!
were brought here by coolies In th<»
guise of merchants, but the Chin*.* 1 *
Inspectors detected the forgeries a t»*v
months ago and sent the holders b<ick.
Toy Man fcfing lost $10,000 by reason
of the discovery of the fraud ami
when he learned that the certificate
had been refused he w:is so :i«ntatee!
that he was taken with hemorrhage of
the lungs and died.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1C,' 1904. ,
35
¦ ¦ indescribable fear, For
r child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event casts over her a
'-hadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend daring pregnancy rob*
confinement ot all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment it a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use,
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- . . -
$1.00 per bottle. Book ¦ ¦ ',¦ - ¦-. -¦ -
containing valuable information free.
The Bradfieid Regulator Co., Atfaata, Go. & eWBlSmMWMS
A3Ii:SliMEXTS.
"I needed nourishment as badly as
any one; could, but none of the tonics
helped me until I finally tried Grape-
Nuts food morning and evening. This
not only supplied food that I thought
delicious as could be, but it also made
me perfectly well and strong again, so
I can do all my housework, sleep well,
can eat anything without any trace of
bowel trouble and for that reason alone
Grape-Nuts food is worth its weight In
gold."— Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
Typhoid fever . like some other dis-
eases attacks the bowels andfrequently
sets up bleeding: and makes' them for
months incapable ¦ ; of , digesting the
starches, and therefore pre-digested
Grape-Nuts is invaluable for the well-
known reason that ln . Grape-Nuts ) all
the starches have been transformed
Into grape sugar. This means that .the
first stage of digestion has been me-
chanically accomplished in Grape-Nuts
food at the factories, and therefore any
one, no matter how weak the stomach,
can handle it and grow strong, for all
the nourishment Is still there.
: There's a sound reason and 10 days'
trial proves. vl . • ¦ " •
Get .-the -< famous , little book. "The
Road to .Wellville,", in each package.'
"Some time ago I was very ill with
typhoid fever, so ill every one thought
I would die, even myself. It left me so
weak I could not properly digest food
of any kind, and I also had much bowel
trouble, which left me a weak, helpless
wreck. ¦
—
In Any Time of Trouble Is Grape-
Food to rebuild the strength and that
is pre-digested must be selected when
one is convalescent. At this time thrre
is nothing so valuable as Grape-Nuts
for the reason that this food is all
nourishment and ls al8o digestible
nourishment. A woman who used it
says:' • •
SAFEST *XX)D
GnAPE-XUTS.
{ JOE; ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSE:^* E R G J«-__| JOEROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
DON'T DELAY {^Sa^!
Here are some, 15,000 in all, that we scooped up from one of the largest importers. They call them seconds, as only three-quarters o! them are
perfect The rest have a small hole or else a thread dropped here and there. Some have scalloped borders, others hemstitched with fancy embroidered
designs. Some of our local wholesale houses asked $2.00, $3.00 and $4.00 a dozen, but to make a quicK clearance we will have them on our bargain
counters in the center of the store, at 15c apiece or $1.65 a dozen. None sold to the trade or other stores. These are exclusively for our patrons.
AM THE PASHION PLATES CALL FOB BEEF iwssimi «T"v -*->•. XP YOTT WISH TO IMPBOVE TOT7S riOtTBE
I.ACE .COLI.ABS - / ¦ tt #J\ J./& Ain> HAVE A PESrECT POBM ~
Our buyer was fortunate enouch to secure a sample line at Wfflvffliffifitiffljfib '&, *f r£^ You wU1 flnd Joe Ko*eA* e *Z' B ls «*« Btore - w e nav 8 1« rt
a liberal trade discount. Made of crochet Venice lace, \\ - i \ .»* receiired all of our new fall shapes. «o why not have yoar
in ecru. Arabian and white, from 5 to 15 inches wide, S~ V " iZA dressmaker or tailor come in and help you pick out a new
in the deep round lace effects. In roses, leaves and -^aaunu^— • tf fV X. Cors«t; but if you do not with to bother them we hav«
dot d«sign«. - : ¦'¦/•£ VSSb /N. \ :^/> £*.v fiJ*^S^ expert demonstrator* to tell you whicli ls the proper Cor-
Regular $1.00 quality, sample price 7oC J|^^ M^> /tf*^ Vv"A?*O^//.\ CX F 5^^ set to improve your form. •
Regular $1.50 quality, sample price Sl.OO l$xgf*\ /CT'A l\"A^^7' ; "-'- /TW/''-VXa /^ **^» IlA VZDA— The queen of all corsets; are exactly the
Regular $2.50 quality, sample price S1.05 W. f /CTKJA *^-nK ' : "/ I tf //*" *" '' MTtfA T fG&k > same as made to order corsets; are equal in quality and
Regular $3.60 quality, sample price 83.45 AHV*^ z^ 3 " M/' \^^\ *^W better in fit. so all our patrons say It is boned with
inn m »nv nth.r- „«* «„ tv.J „„„-* Ki , f ',„.»„ in the /.T\ I'"U Wi<* »^/ i>' ' 1 /5f'^ genuine whalebone and made of the best of imported ma-
£t n * many others not in the paper « but plenty in the A^L^ \-''i\ 1/ Ai'Vl /^'\ terials. For thin, medium or stout figures. 0>?
/"'.•'•<^H;.Vi/.:l «. .m.^^ — -^-» l-Vftu;'-«^r?: :: «A For the most exacting. Inspect these for JiOmiJ
SOME VEST CBTO I.ACB COLLARS WITH TABS /¦ f\- .V.%V ry"-^.}'.^ W^t ¥ |j W& 1^ S^^ M .•'^*V'-'-"-".**ii"!':-| * " ..:........... '...... "r
At prices within everybody's reach. Here's one made \'/ V^li'L\f-2i^ 1C<3 Vwlw@ J^lfa V"»-* '•'' : -S^i!S-'\ HAVE YOU E7ER HAD A PAIB OP "SOSETTA
s fear Kyw « ; ;;vj. ;^i2^c mm; /xtherf'li^ .^TWa °^?:^i^iz t z™^£\~^. .*.
.'. J$w£S^\ /~K * sTta-JriC* i/4V / A \**^-J that the manufacturers could not make th«m up quick
HERE IS ANOTHER COLLAR WITH TABS WMf 4 r^C±. II -^ ~_ -, ( i?hI1^\ 7 J enoujrh for us, but we think we hav» •uifflciT.t quantify to
Made of black merrerirert WnirV thread in 4 f\ >M S-/ A^/rP I Fil*^ \ 7**" VA L /^JkA$ last UJ! now for two days. Double gored frnr.t: m.irle of
descent, dot and wheat 1 designs *At ou? small ifiC Z \ t^P^ 0 aUnit/ x3c «tra rtne Imported coutll: Princess hip; •bdomJnal and
profit price *vjw /r*<s^V r--*I.U sT SV#RMr X^ TVa*Wmr^* «T Pfc'A e=^3/&\ hip reducing hose supporters attached. We tf« « f\f\
V l • A : :^X>^-.^.'^'}- LIVdLi DI}lMCj3l # .>^i^-i^T'-A have not these only tn printer's ink. You will >1.UU
THE BUSTEB BBOWN COLLAR [•'t^''?^*.'.A'ij *-'<¦'¦ W VJll^u o also flnd them at the store for 4#*«^w
Will add neatness to any dress. Especially those with I.' .'-.10 •*: *.^i • • "!'X- : J I M Ol I© V^'^A'Aii/i AST < -tott rsvBS.TSvnr% rs tAnras- belts?
buttonholes at each end to run ribbon or ties through. K. : $£^*5&&L **^ vUfW \^ . / Virfg^; 1 ABE TOTJ INTEBESTED XW LADIES BELTS?
Here is one made of English bunting, finished with \.: : /*~4i*£Z£^ «J * mirvi?l7rv^-«*t.-»r» A If so. make our acqnaUitance.. Here Is one of the latest,
two rows of open work hemstitching, with a -|>>^ VT -tut >V riAN DKEfrJCHEISv^M T«skfeS Macl<? of lneav >' taffeta silk. four inches wide, lined
neat colored ed ee. Tn many different colors. 1 Af* « jf~% J~^ ar * lJt is*+i_.m.^a Si.!* >^\ l^l^i throughout: in the soft crushed effect: l*rp« sr-.n
lfclW r^f } jCkl DEPARTMEHT/tTA V 4» me^buckl^adjusub^inblackonly. At the
ONLY AT THB PBICE-CTTTTEB'S v5&V >J / llV K Yf IJV\
Will you buy an over collar or ribbon protector at such JF?W /#\ / // . /VA J>&?A MONDAY WE WILL SAVE A OBEAT TBEAT TOB YOU-
a low price as this, made of fine English lawn, with a /''iijJ~-^^ !r'-» \'\ I—- -'TTfif*T «5-*r</«- ST /? <f /•»V'l 1^> V ''.A • l{ y° u need a back comb or hair-retainer, the new. up-to-
quarter-inch hem. hemstitched all around. Do . F-<T?i-^?yY'.'l-\1 J fjJE l.'V'.V>* l 7rt : t><'»;| date shape that nts snugly ?« tne head and keeps the
not Judge the collar by the price •' 3C lv*:V*-V • '•••/%/ _, V/*.'*-"'. : *: r^»'.'*'J stray locks ln place: all finely polished; in many -| p
** !?• -X!*i •*.•!• -*.'«",T EStlklWS Jf£S? Ct* \Li •':'¦'•'•• •"•'y:''-i different shapes. Here is one made of the real I3C
WE CANNOT DESCRIBE ALL THE V^^^ K ' ND A
NEW FALL WRAFPERS— Y^^^i /~\ /*~> wT " \\ ANOTHER BACK COMB OB HAIR-BETAIITEB—
Newspaper space will not permit. Here is one that misrht 1^53' 'A J^> , <¦*-*/' ) V^i-v ' v W\<\--M Made of white tortone: solid back, set with rhine- «p
please your fancy, tut we have many more to choose from. lM£*f > /C^» I *S+ In / <5v 71 / /r>»A S VjA stones. Price C,jC
Made of- colored German fiannt'lette. in fancy figured de- V®»n^ j / /(I"*" ' ¦^~v*^V > 1 i«W *> w uLA I JoLJ
signs; yoke and collar braid trimmed; also finished at the '^KT'^r / "*A U\ / /<T>.v»^-S »¦». >Vk\\ "V^Jja „„., . «,«™,-,^.,~ „».,„
bottom with h deep flounce; tight fitting lining; in blue, J?^f /••¦/i\H/ M,rU WOT l"*\w /I V\ Mj^X STILL ANOTHER COMB—
gray, nav* and rod. in many different designs. To bring //-^>L^ L'' J'l l?^t^il /'"-A VT»V A'LK L'l \ /(.'^i'A Marte of extra heavy Italian shell; solid back, set #%n
you to the store so as to get belter acquainted or< /•'."•C^ S^O \.T.J M^W t''A •\"Jf* m% .' '~S r ';:'\ with bright rhinestones; the genuine would not /.^Q
with this department, we will sell this wrapper (nQ !• V.j^ -,.•.* »•'/ N>«*l r *-^S \ <sflkv£\\'S -''*''•''& '••• \l look an y richer or fit any better ln the hair. Price ~~.
Monday and Tuesday for I .* • J^ATT> "j y^JlV^SJ Nc?v<i%J/:*;\] E7EBY HOUB OF THE BAT
FOB THESE COLO MORNINGS \\ "; * r T^^^3i <^/H? & f-'-* : '''l vr * *** receivinir Fall Novelties. Ton miirtit as well b«
Or house comfort there is nothing: so nice or more handy ¦'•'•'•*•* 'V^ S* k ' *'•" •••/ I- •*"* N ».V'".7 vWy* •'" r r*-/ flrrt *¦ !•¦*•• ~^ ou wUl need a Oolf or Outinsr Vest fo*
than a lonjr KIMONA — Here, is one made of Kail River » • < Lrf*»#56?!5»w»^ IV.T.-"**. '. ' 'I X *\v •"•''.'"*"• 7 •¥•'•' .'. .'•.^•/ the cold weather. Here is one mail* of steam-«hrunk
flannelette. In very pretty and chic Parisian designs, with J^SSS^SSES^^. »•" ••*"•***•*.*•/ »'-'V'* '•'•''§ _^jti»'WlljwitiJj * wool Saxony yarn, crocheted in fancy designs; double-
solid color border all the way down the' front, also cuffs; JtBSBqtKall^HJBmSm^ /.•*••¦.*. "."...-/ r.**'l v *' * - • / glfvn^WnrffmmS^iilti breasted effect; trimmed with large white pearl buttons:
tailor-stitched yoke; Mikado sleeves; liberally made; In S^ff^V^^j?S7^M^ " '-'fSi> ''¦'" ( v'-'l /s&rjVrf&zn'ltYT&K ln " oll d colors, such as navy, new green, red, white and
red. blue and gray. We are satisfied with small flO^ ' ' r'=r2r'\ V * ySZ^^t^KW^Sw 1 black. We buy in large quantum and low rf« ¦» f\f\
profits, and you will notice, it when you see these HqC 111 ' " prices enable us to dispose of them, hence J^I.Uy
for *\*** 'oiriiuiMiiiMi* the price of these t* v
HAVE YOU ANTICIPATED YOUR WANTS IN FALL UNDER-PRICED OFFERINGS IN LADIES' G0WN6 — LOOK TO US FOB WHAT IS HABD TO FIND —
WAISTS? On sale to our Bargain Basement. Anfl MpecUUy ln ladles' and Children's Knitted
Why not now. when you can sret them at the right prices. LADIES' GOWNS— Made of Cinderella flannelette, double Underwear— Our Winter Underwear ia all here, so would-
All wool materials are advancing; the war and labor trou- yoke back and front, rolling collar, full slee\e with shirt- advisable for vou to fill vour wants earlv at lt
bles have made it so. Here ls a Lady's Waist, made of waist cuff; collar, yoke and cuffs finished with a rmr* n l lt De adv » i J y wants early, as it
Scotch flannel, in different colored stripes. <j« -• f\f\ silk feather stitching; generously made in width (j(\ , means a saving to you.
tucked front., detachable collar and large puff JfcJ.UU and len eth: fn Pink and blue stripes. Price CHIXDBEWS VESTS— The celebrated Herode make, ln 70
sleeves: in blue, gray and green. Price LADIES' GOWNS — Made of White Rock muslin, square neck per cent Australian wool. Jersey knit, steam shrunk, high
THESE GLOVES FOB WEAB. and yoke, trimmed with 12 hemstitched tucks; 5Q neck and long sleeves: in gray or white; medium weight.
That is the Kayser double woven finger tipped glove. ' neck and sleeves finished with a ' neat ruffle. j^P velvet finish and non-irritating to- the most sensitive.
They hare a guarantee ticket in every pair. None gen- Pr lce £ p * n **i et " to Match— Same quality as above, ««
nine unless stamped inside. Made of XX silk, silk ALL OF THE LEADING UP-TO-DATE JEWELERS French band, ankle length; small and medium /JIT
stitched back, two patent clasps, ln all the Qn ABB SHOWING MECKCHAINS FOB FALL WEAB. size - oOc; large size
¦ new shades such as new green, red. mode, brown. JV/C Here are some that are real in looks, but you will flnd LADIES' VESTS — The Merode make, high neck and long;
navy, oiacic ana wnite. .trice tne pr ice directly opposite; in amethyst, ruby, turquoise sleeves: 80 per cent wool; tn natural or white; the shaped
IRON WAX * C an(1 S' 11 heads; all finely finished. Not a jewel- «n kind: tine Jersey knit: unshrinkable. OC?
Full size, with wooden handle, to protect the hands J)(* er'e profit, but the Price Cutter's way of selling, j j{* Tights to match, same quality as above; Jersey ftjP
from being burned. 3 for *^ w Price v^^f fitting tops and ankle length. Price v/**w
RAINY SEASON HAS SET IN— - FALL FASHIONS SAT THAT DBAFB BLACK JET-HEADED FINS — YEARS AND YEARS HANDLING "THB BEST IS THE CHEAPEST.'*
We were the lucky purchasers of VEILS Made of tempered ' steel, needle HOSIERY — TIS A SATING.
some two hundred umbrellas. Ton Made of chiffon will be the proper pointed, with finely polished jet rj And trying- to discover defects And it ls true in this 'sense
know the way the Price Cutter buys thing 1 . Here is one, 52 Inches long. heads. The Price Cotter's way :}£• through anx complaints that have _.._._, «,-«„_-„ ,«.^» .1^.
and the way he sells. made of imported silk chiffon. of selling 4 boxes for w been made, at last we have a perfect I>A^T rT . SIlO i c J™ iJSS?? £S M ttJ££T
LADIES' UMBRELLAS Made with hemmed border and sides; in plain -__._ .,.-. vimll TW ... pn . wn hose that expert women have named t2S ¦**££* P iJSJfijL— SIPxSS?
elaborated tr^medGTrmtn siTvc? or dotted: in navy, royal, green and ODDS AN* ENDS IN X.ACES AND everlastlajr . whlch yon al , o will do JSaSfSe wUh^I^irc^: !
handles combined with pearl, steel black. If you price them elsewhere ¦ i? A S ,,„,"„.-*„_, , fn t ,.,,.,, when you have tried them. We have fhane f iTnrt with hiif »tt»rhS* £
rod and steel frames, covered with you will flnd how reason- Cf\~ 900 yards In all; from 1 to 5 Inches t^^nj ta women .. ,^ & children's. t^ ap t P? ?>, , f U f. tt * che «* to
aEHTS'.OMBBSLLAB-Natural wiwd 1 DRESSMAKEBS. ATTENTION! spliced heels; full length They are flnd it so when "you buy these /SC
handle*; some German metal trim- ° "f, ' n h<1 co ". n . te J o 2};°™ £**' '?' Or those Who buy dress shields in made for your right and left foot, fo / fciJW
med; extra strong steel rods »nd will more than please you, money is ¦ J^ t quantities. Here are some which you will flnd so when you try
Paragon frames, covered with water- SI!i eri Jn- .IwiJLf. ?!<( ti,.n that we will sell you one pair or a em . on - No dutv on these— rt TO BRING TOU HEBE EARLY MON-
proof twilled cfoth. stainless black; 1!?^*° ' en L b J£!?" le ?' „ ftnd J h ~?' dozen for less than you will buy that is one reason we can sell £JQ DAY
the kind that will not stain your f'°" °J" J? 01^ °L" t™ r ?? r fL them wholesale. Nainsook covered, them for A pair *_J . ... ____ tlt _ iMft
|s£|£S|i a»g^r«s^ sc °h™^^»^ r:::^Hpr:
irom s to \i menes wiae, an aouDie heels toes and knees* seamless *o ot all-silk taffeta, in the satin dot-
HEBE ABE SOME I.ADIES' VESTS— thread edge, deep scalloped; the good / V that they w^lU not hurt the ted effects, corded edge, and wash-
v a«u*: "r tM r HfeESvs&s«"i& inirRn^NRERR i^^ili bj^^-^s^
V "^ H ar.tpreV^" e &. S S'S l«d ,X-.»tlt,r will b. „,« for f|«| J 1 |- RU Q LIIULIIU pob wnro o » »U»T OS PACT ™« '™Wt. .to" V. ' ' ' ' A "'"
finished with a crocheted edge with GOOD HAIRPINS — U |J fl_ _„_ -.o,-,!- P11TTCD PROTECTION — t*titt-«. «»«««.«« t^ t
silk ribbon run through; also silk The kind that will not scratch or ** ** Wm THE P R <C E CUTTER There Is nothing to equal a chiffon A *L^"^^iSL.^ A £?," MAI>B ZXX ~
band down the front. pull the hair out; made of fine pol- _,„ .. . . p . ,. nir- -.11 o» velL Here's some, the French make. tial handkerchiefs —
., Tig-hti made of same quality as ished enameled wire; fine and heavy; olO MSFKBt OU II U 1*311011 0I1 chenille dotted; in black, blue and Narrow hemstitched borders; made
above; Jersey fitting tops, <n * f\g\ straight and crinkly; eight £\ _, white. Cost not considered — \ r; of fine soft lawn, unlaundered; n
ankle length: pink, blue, Jki MM packages ln a cabinet. Price fit* MAH» OBDEBS SOLICITED. We are overstocked In these. I ji* Just the way they come from T/*
white and black. Price.. H'*» > '>' A cabinet ww V ¦* Now Yard *""** the factories. PTice ****
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE .SHOE OF THE
ARISTOCRACY.
Combining 1 the restf ulaess and ease ¦ •
which come from perfect fittintr -with the
irracefulness that lies in ideal dtsisrainsr. il^^^^^jw
See tHe new Sorosi» Health leather. I^I^Mwflii'l
which irive» thorough ventilation to the HW^I%^Tktl >ji
foot, insuring comfort and health to the % J^iWJSSr'^'Ola
wearer in any kind of weather. Soro«i« _>«S53!j^uSK'''5frVP War
Health Leather is the dominant whim of C^a*^3*^^af? a. 2?/b1i
Among the wearers of Sorosis (from ; f jffC / 'a wKaIF .
our London books) are: ( a lHJfl-''
Lady Bryne. Countess de Bonnelll. £\v\ x \ F fettl
The Hon. Mrs. Wilgon. Lady Grey Egerton. Uf \ \l / ts*a
Lady Roberts. Lady Dalrymple. f) • /53 wla
djQ OH Sorosis Shoes Are <t>.Q Cfl | fj|j, M
(jJdlJU Within Reach of All (jJUlJU li JH§4'^ 1$ f
smm stmmam mmsHOEsroRE
216 POSTS!* •«*— -~ t>:50THlRDSr. V •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How I Grew Tall
A Startling story Which Will In-
terest All Who Are Short
The Heifrht of Either Sex Caa Quickly Be
Increased Prom Two to Five Indie*.
These Marvelous Results Caa Be
Accomplished at Some Without
the Knowledge of Tour
Most Intimate rrlends. •
The Free Book Tells You All ,
About It.
MR. K. LEO MINGES.
Invcntorm. scientist* &nd physicians btve for
>fars lx*n trying to flnd som« method whereby
i*i» height of en Individual could be increased.
er.4 tip to the la*t f>w years have met with
failure. It remained for a comparatively young
man. Mr. K. L#o Mlnps by name, to discover
whtt «> many others had failed to do.
Jlr. Minces resides In Rochester. N. T., and
has d*voied the tw-et part of hU life in study-
ing and <xr*>nrrentinis on the Cartilage, and
hit great effort* have at last been crowned with
Fu<-<*fw. A large company, composed of Ro-
chester's leading cltlrrno. has been formed for
the purpwe of placing Mr. Ming»»' discovery
and invention* before the public, so that now
it is possible for any lady or gentleman who
Is short to Increase her or his height from two
to fl\e inches. These results are absolutely
guaranteed. »
Mr. Mlr.£e* has successfully used his method
en himself, and has grown from a short, stunt-
ed boy to a handsome, robust man of six feet
one inch tn height. Thousands of people living
in all parts of the world are using his method
with e<xuaily ktarlling results. Let us send
you the absolute proof of th« above statements.
We have, just issued a beautifully illustrated
book, entitled "The Secrets of How to Grow
T*!l." which contain* Information that will
surprise you. Ten thousand of these remark-
able bocks will be given away absolutely free of
rr.arge in order to Introduce them. If you fail
to receive a copy, you will always regret It.
This great book tells how Mr. Mtnges made his
wonderful discovery. It tells you how you can
incriase your height and build up tne entire
qriOL It contains the pictures and state-
ments of many who have used this method.
After you receive the bonk you will thank us
the k-ngesi day you live for having placed
within your rcarh this great opportunity. ;
H?in»mber, a postal card will bring it to
your very door, all charges prepaid. All cor-
m>]jctn>irne* strictly confld»ntlal and sent in
plain envelopes. If. you wish a free copy of
this book 8nd the proof of our claims, write to-
diy. AodrfM The Cartilage Co.. 64« E. Unity
M.'.g., Rochester, N. T.
Developing
and Printing
Cut- Prices
I'm the leader In this sort of work, be-
caiiEe I d^s^rve to be. My work speaks for
itfcHf. and my prices are the lowest ever.
DEVELOPING:
ftcM of « lOr ; Roll of 12 15c
PRINTING:
Solio finish 3c to 5e]Vclox finish He to Oc
'try my Daylight leading Films. Best on
the market, ln ail sixes. Popular prices.
ANPCO Cameras are high cl»s« and glv«
uniformly good results. None better.
CYKO Photo 1'aper print* by artificial
livht and gives l^autlful detail.
Cameras of all kinds repaired at low
prk ««.
Mali orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. pf t PITTE. The Stationer,
1008 MAEEET STB.EET. Odd. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.DELEGATES END LAB0KS
King's Daughters Elect and
Install State Directors and
Then Close Convention
NEW OFFICERS
NOW CONTROL
BERKELEY, Oct. 15.— The long list
of quiet marriages of college town
persons was added to to-day when
Mlse Bertha Batdorf, daughter of J.
H. Batdorf of 1245 Berkeley way, ad
mitted her marriage to Clarence Lee,
a business man of San Francisco. They
were married at San Mateo last Sun
day. , *
Haight, 175 feet front, have been sold
to William J. McKillop at a price near
$22,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction
real estate on Tuesday, October 25.
The properties to be sold include the
southwest corner of . Francisco and
Leavenworth streets; outside lands
block 883; 1149 Larkin street; 1216
Fulton street; 2026 California street;
lots on Baker, Guerrero, Dolores, Fair
Oaks, Oak and Sacramento streets; 7
Morris avenue; ,3716 Twenty-second
street. 1
; The William Cranston Company has
sold for Robert D.' Cranston 29x100
feet and six fiats on the north line of
Waller street, 96 fee£ east of Ashbury.
The papers closing the Spreckels-
Phelan-Magee syndicate purchase
from Mrs. Oelrichs were recorded dur
ing the past week.' ' The purchase
price, $2,600,000, is the largest re
corded in "any real estate deal that
has ever, taken place in San Francisco.
At the time of recording the deed a
mortgage was claced on record given
by the Real Property Investment Cor
poration to . the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society for $1,750,000, the larg
est mortgage on San Francisco ' ' realty
ever given. This corporation was In
corporated by the • purchasers ¦ for: the
purpose of taking title to the property.
Wedded at San Mateo.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by .the
County Clerk to-day: John W. Wil
liams, 30, San Francisco, and Bertha
S. Varney, 25, Oakland; Francis S.
Ambler, over 21, San Francisco, and
Elva R. Garrison, 18, Santa Rosa;
Harry C. Gale, over 21, and Helen
Krainer, over 18, both of San Fran
cisco; Charles F. Crittenden, 25, Cu
pertino, and Ella O. Donahoe, 23,
Oakland; Frank Donahue, 24, and
Lauretta T. Quinn, 18, both of San
Francisco; Clarence R. Shaw, 25, Oak
land, arid Catherine Greenwell, 25, San
Francisco; Henry L. Clapp, 28, San
Francisco, and Irene P. Thomas, 22,
Alameda; Charles B. Clark, 30, Oak
land, and Mamie Silva, 22, Berkeley;
Joseph C. Harris, 24, and Jeanette D.
Dczier, 22, both of Oakland. .
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15. — There is a
row on ¦ among • the directors of the
Pacific Oyster Company with its head
quarters at the town of Hay wards, and
R. E. Darbee, L. P. Eaton, F. C. Im
mel. S. U. Darbee and T. B. Russell
owning 519 shares of the capital stock
of the corporation have asked for an
injunction to keep R. H. Countryman,
Sim Lazansky, C. P. Ove'rton, J. W.
Pew, John R. Daggett and F. T. Mar
tens, who between them have but 465
shares of stock, from enjoining them
from holding an election next Tues
day to increase the board of directors.
The trouble arose on a recent elec
tion of directors and a suit is now
pending in San Francisco Involving
the legality of it. In the meantime
in order to forestall the decision of
the court a special election has been
called for the purpose of increasing
the number of directors from five to
seven, and by this means still keeping
control of the board. A temporary
writ .was granted this afternoon and
the matter will be heard next Monday.
OYSTER PROPAGATORS
HAVE THEIR TROUBLES
Sales are reported by Lyon & Hoag
as follows: Lot on the east line of
Cole street, 25 feet north of Waller,
26x95, for $2800 to Dr. W. R. Love
grove; two lots on the east line of
Third avenue, 25 feet north of B
street, for the Bay District Land
Company to Smith & Rogers,
$3300; for William McDermott, lot on
the east line of Fourth avenue, 160
feet north of C street, 25x120, to
Catherine F. Hill for .$1300; to Alice
Z. Howe for William Miller, lot on the
north line of Twenty-fifth street, 264
feet west of Noe, 32x114, with four
new flats, $7000; in the block bounded
by Haight, Waller, Clayton and Ash
bury streets, to W. J. McKillop, seven
Inside lots on the east line of Clayton
street $22,000; lot on the south line
of Fourteenth street, 320 feet west of
Castro, 25x115, to Mrs. S. Kleber for
$1500; for Realty improvement Com
pany to William S. Morse for $1600,
lot"* on 'the west line of Devisadero
street, 35 feet north of Fourteenth,
, 2 5x8 3 ; ; : for Bay District ' Land Com
pany* to I. N. Rosekrans for $1175, lot
on the west line of Third avenue, 25
feet south of B street, 25x95.
Sales in the Sunset and Richmond
districts are reported by Baldwin &
Howell as follows:
L. B. Hazeltine to J. L. • McWll
liams on private termslot 104x107:6
at the southwest corner of Lake street
and Twentieth avenue; lot ' 25x120 on
the west line of Eleventh avenue, 175
feet north of Xi street, L.' S. Spuller to
Robert W. Woolsey for e $750; lot 35*
for Henrietta Lucas, $5375; lot 30x199
feet on the south 'line of Waller street,
116 feet west of Scott, for E. M. Pissis,
$4000; lot 47:6x137:6 feet on the north
side of Broadway, 120 feet east of Pierce
street, for W. Middlecoff, $9450; lot 25x
122:6 feet and two flats on the east line
of Capp street, 185 feet north of Twen
ty-third. $6000; lot 16x61 feet and brick
building on the south line of Clay street,
42:6 feet east of Kearny, for J. Van
Bergln, $6500; lot 75x84 feet on the east
line of Julian avenue, SO feet south of
Fifth street, for M. J. Morffew>$5800.
Center & Spader report sales as fol
lows: Lot 25x122:6 feet and improve
ments on the east line of Howard street,
155 feet north of Twentieth, Peter
Schwall to John Harper, $6000; south
west corner of Twentieth and York
streets, 27x100 feet, John Center to John
B. Opell, $1750; lot 25x100 feet on the
east side of Bryant street, 152 feet
south of Twentieth, John Center to Vir
ginia Marcovitch, $1600.
'F. B. Surryhne reports the sale of the
northeast corner of Ninth and Bryant
streets, 50x85 feet, with store and flats
above, for $13,000, for the Cunningham
estate to Joseph Laee; also for the Mc-
Verry estate to Mr. Whelan, lot on the
west line of Ninth street, 75 feet south
of Harrison. 75x100 feet, for $8500.
Lyon & Hoag report that they have
sold in the last nine months 126 lots in
their Sunnyside tract, Mill Valley. In
that time $100,000 has been spent on
buildings and improvements. The sales
aggregate $60,000.
Sol Getz & Son report sales as fol
lows: Lot 50x240 feet on the east line
of the Forty-eighth avenue boulevard,
running through to Forty-seventh ave
nue, 175 feet north of T street, to H.
Perrin; 25x120 feet on the west line of
Forty-sixth avenue, 125 feet south of
H street, to P. Hall; 25x120 feet on the
west line of Eighth avenue, 325 feet
south of H. street, to J. McCloud; 50x
120 feet on the east line of the Forty
eighth avenue boulevard, 125 feet north
of T street, to L. W. Moore; 25x120 feet
on the east line of the Forty-eighth
avenue boulevard, 175 feet south of S
street, to Frank M. Byrne; 25x120 feet
on the east line of Forty-third avenue,
175 feet south of T street, to E. F. Hop
kins; 25x100 feet on the north line of U
street, 82:6 feet west of Forty-second
avenue, to George J. Bosch; 50x120 feet
on the southwest corner of Forty-sev
enth avenue and S street, to W. M.
Byrne; 25x100 feet on the north line of
I street, 82:6 feet east of Seventeenth
avenue, to J. J. Mahoney.
WESTERN ADDITION.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15. — A corporation
to be known as the California Mutual
Burial Association has been formed,
the purpose of which is to pay the fu
neral expenses of each member upon
his death by the payment of a 30
cent assessment. The papers were
filed with the County Clerk to-day and
the directors are: W. G. Brown, J. C.
Blundon, Charles F. Glrard, H. A.
Parkhurst and Frank Herald.
Provide Graves for All.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15. — Notice of ap
peal from the decision of Judge Ogden
in his suit against the Board of Su
pervisors was filed this afternoon by
Harry N. Morse. He attempted to
stop the board from completing the
bvildins of the .Mocho road, leading
from Livermore Into the magnesite
.district.
Will Appeal Suit.
Shear's Will Filed.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15. — The will of
the late Charles B. Shear, proprietor
of the Rialto . saloon on Thirteenth
street, was filed for probate to-day.
His estate is valued at $3500. which la
left to the widow with the proviso that
if she married before their youngest
daughter, now ten years of age,
reaches her majority, that the prop
erty shall be distributed share and
share alike among the mother and
three children.
Northern Games Postponed.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15. — Seattle-Los
Angeles game postponed; rain.
TACOMA. Oct. 15. — Tacoma- Port
land game postponed; rain.
Meat Is seldom seen on the break
fast table In Austria and Germany, nor
la much use made of the prepared
cereals, so popular in America. Wheat
rolls and rye bread form the staple
hr^akfast food.
The Baldwin & Howell syndicate
has decided to materially enlarge the
residence park, plans for which on a
smaller scale were about to be adopt
ed. At the last moment the owners
of several adjoining parcels concluded
to sell, and these tracts will be in
cluded In the proposed park. The ad
ditional land acquired involves an out
lay of between $30,000 and* $40,000,
but as It greatly improves the sym
metry of the park, the syndicate con
cluded to make the purchase.
The largest piece included in the
deal was bought from Theodore H.
Hlttell, his tract being about an acre
and a half in area. The price is un
derstood to be somewhere between
$25,000- and $30,000. These new
acquisitions involve quite a radical
change in the plan of the park, conse
quently the competitive designs sub
mitted by the five architects several
weeks ago have been discarded and
others will be called for.
The area of. the park now amounts
to about eleven acres. The increased
size will permit of a much more elab
orate scheme for adornment than the
original plan. The principal frontage
will be on First avenue. The wall of
the Presidio reservation will be the
northerly line of the park, while the
southerly line will run parallel with
Lake street and about 100 feet north
of it. The lots will vary in size from
50 to 100 feet frontage and will all
face on a circular drive in the center
of the park. A handsome stone en
trance gate will be constructed on
First avenue, opposite Washington
street. The Dark will be Inclosed by
an ornamental fence.
The center of the driveway and the
edges of the sidewalks will be adorned
with shrubs, grass and flowers, and all
street work will be . completed and the
lots graded and put }n shape for build
ing before the property is placed on
the market. The park will be ex
clusively for residences, the cost of
which will probably be limited to a
minimum of $7500. Baldwin & Howell
state that they expect to place the
property on the market about the first
of the year.
'' The last of |the vacant blocks for
merly owned by the Baird estate is
now. offered for sale in subdivisions
by Lyon & Hoag. The property was
sold about two weeks ago and the
new owner has instructed the agents
to off er the property at private sale
in somewhat larger lots than Is usual
in such cases. The lots vary In width
from 25 feet to 60 feet. The property
has been made ready for building.
All the street j work surrounding j the
block has been « done, including the
grading, -sewering, bltuminizing . and
stone walks. The sale of the Balrd
block, which has occupied about two
years, has resulted in a • complete
change in . the appearance of the Pan
handle district. : In place of the then
vacant land a large number of build
ings, all, of which are of a \ superior
class, appear. Seven lots \ori" Clayton
street, commencing 60 feet south of
120 feet on the east line of Forty
fourth avenue, 225 feet north of C
street, H. H. Salz f to Elise J. Grover
for $550; lot 32:6x100 at the north
east corner of I street and Eleventh
avenue, O. T. Knutsen to H. Moehlen
brock for $2800; lot 150x120 on the
west side of Forty-fifth avenue, 100
feet south of B street; 100x120 feet on
the east line of Forty-sixth avenue,
100 feet south of B street, sold for
W. S. Kendall to a client; 50x120 feet
on the east side of Forty-sixth avenue,
250 feet north of N street, A. Meyer
to Ella Homage for $600; 25x120 feet
on the east side of Forty-sixth avenue,
275 feet south of M street, A. Meyer to
F. M. B. Manssen for $300; lot 25x
120 feet on the east side of Forty
sixth avenue, 50 feet south of M street,
A. Meyer to Katherine E. Brat for
$300; 25x120 feet on the east side of
Twentieth avenue, 150 feet south of
N street,' George Thistleton to Julia
C. Kittel for $300; 25x120 feet on the
east side of Collins street, 125 feet
south of Geary, estate of Ellen Lynch
to Rose Constant for $1675: 50x103
feet on the west side of Boyce. street,
125 feet north of St Rose's' street,
Mary E. Dunne to J. Scanlan for $825.
Baldwin & Howell have also made
the following sales: Lot 30x59:6 feet
on the north line of Sacramento street,
between East and Drumm, with old
improvements to a client for $10,500;
lot 25x95 on the east line of Sixth ave
nue, 35 feet south of Hugo street,
with three new flats renting for $77 50
a month for $7500; lot 127:6x137:6 on
the north line of Chestnut street,137:6
feet east of Polk street, for the Spring
Valley Water Company for $6000 to a
clientof Hawkes & Skelton; 34:4x
137:6 feet on the south line of Sacra
mento street, 103 feet east of Devis
adero for George E. Bates to Mabel
P. Gump for $3000.
Henry Stern of David Stern & Sons
has returned to the city after an ab
sence of some months.
RESIDENCE PARK.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 15. — Owlnr to tha
lack of harmony that has existed in
the Fire Department since the bis
blaze on Sherman street and Central
avenue In August, and which has been
the cause of much severe criticism of
the local fire fighting service, the Citpr
Trustees have decided to abolish tha
three remaining volunteer companies
and substitute "call" men on a par
tially paid basis.
This proposed action of tha munici
pal legislators Is meeting with som»
opposition from Thompson, Sherman
and Whidden hose companies. These
organization are not altogether against
disbandment, but are determined that
if such action Is to be taken It will not
be on the ground of alleged failure o£
the volunteer firemen to do their duty,
at the Sherman street blaze.
Since the fire in question two inves
tigations have been held, the second
taking place last night before three
of the City Trustees, President J. F.
Forderer, W. M. Bowers and B. E.
Combs. Foreman George T. Morris.
Thomas R. Hanson, A. P. Smiley and
William Follrath of Thompson Hoss
Company and Foreman George Wulzen
of Sherman Hose Company addressed
the City Trustees and refuted the re
flections that had been cast upon
members of their organizations with
relation to their work at the Shermaa
street fire.
All efforts by lawyers, Sheriffs and
process servers to trace and locate
former City Treasurer Z. T. Gilpin,
who left Oakland last July, have failed
utterly, and his friends in this city
deny that they have any knowledge of
his whereabouts. Recently an effort
was made to serve Gilpin i with a copy
of an attachment levied on a piece of
property owned jointly by him and his
wife. After a considerable interval
the papers were returned by Sheriff
Charles Keena- of Placer County, with
a notation that the man could not be
found.
,The former City Treasurer left this
city Just after an attachment had been
levied by H. Blals, a money lender,
against the Standard Wood Company,
which was owned by Gilpin and G. W.
Jackson. Gilpin went to Colfax and
was last seen at that place on July
30, when he had a long interview with
Jackson to whom he gave a. bill of
sale of his Interest In the company.
On the day after Gilpin left Oakland
another attachment was levied by W.
H. Dean against a piece of property
owned by Miss May Gilpin, on a claim
of $3600, assigned to the Dean Law
and Collection Agency by Dr. W. D.
Huntington.
When an attempt was made to serve
the papers on Gilpin he was not to be
found either here or at Colfax.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 15.
On searching the dead man's cloth-
Ing last evening the Coroner's deputy
found fraternity pins showing that he
was an Odd Fellow, a Grand Army vet
eran and a member of the A. O. II. W.
In his memorandum book were the
words: "If anything happens notify
Mrs. H. L. B., Portland, Or., 331 West
Park street."
Deputy Coroner Strelghtiff sent a
telegram to the foregoing address, ask
ing what disposition should be made
of the body.
Players and spectators ignored the
circumstance. The game proceeded
without interruption. At its finish the
body was removed to the local Morgue,'
under the direction of Deputy Coroner
Strelghtiff.
None knew the man. Deputy Mar
shal Howard took from his clothing a
card, which Identified him as L. H.
Buddemer of Portland, Or. He was
about 60 years old, well dressed, and
apparently came aloncv to the football
game. It was quickly rlimored that the
dead man was a relative and perhaps
the father of A. Budleman, substitute
right guard of the California freshman
team. Budleman is from Oergon. He
looked at the corpse and said that the
old man was a stranger to him.
The body was left to He on the
ground under the staging of the un
completed bleachers until the game
was finished. A black cloth covered
the corpse.
While the football giants of Berkeley
and Stanford were fighting for victory
on California field, and rooters brass
bands and private citizens created a
din, L. H. Buddemer, • a spectator,
raised his hat and started to cheer,
then fell back, helpless to the ground.
He had sustained a stroke which
paralyzed his heart action and he died
in thirty minutes.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, ~ct 15.
George A. Webster has bought from
the Aldrich trust 37:6x137:6 feet on
the west line of Sansome street, 76:8
feet south of Broadway for $15,250.
The following sales are reported by
G. H. Umbsen & Co.: For the Bab
cock estate, northeast corner of Mc-
Allister and Fillmore streets, 72x87:6
for $29. COO; for the Kach estate, im
provements at 509-11-13-15 Stockton
street and lot 46:6x90 for $20,000; for
J. W. Collins, improvements at 1513
Ltavenworth street and lot 32:6x162:6
for $4400; for M. J. Sheahon, improve
ments at 2120 Folsom street and lot
24x100 for $5300; for the Peterson
estate, improvements at 22 Tehama
street and lot 25x82 for $4250; for the
Peterson estate, improvements at 24
Tehama street and lot 25x80 for $4250;
for the Peterson estate. Improvements
at 254 Tehama street and lot 25x80
for $3450; for W. C. Curry, improve
ments and lot 37:6x120, on the north
line of Filbert street, 100 feet west of
Flllmore street for $3900; for William
Creyer, 26x100, on the southeast cor
ner of Castro and Twenty-second
streets for $1700; for Henrietta Black,
improvements at 22 and 24 Geneva
street and lot 27:6x64 for $900.
William J. Dingee has withdrawn, the
Hayward building at California and
Montgomery streets from sale. Proper
ties of the Hayward estate have been
sold to the amount of $717,650, sufficient
to relieve the estate from embarrass-
Mrs. Josephine C. H. Boyle has
bought from E. J. Le Breton the
northwest corner of Montgomery av
enue and Kearny and Paciflb streets,
110 feet on Montgomery avenue and
126 feet on Pacific street, with four
story and basement brick building, for
$75,000. This is the old Emeric prop
erty.
Madisftn & Burke have sold for Mrs.
A. F. Sadler and Mrs. M. E. Burton
the northwest corner of Washington
street and Jones place, 62 feet east
of Montgomery street, on private
terms. J. Funkensteln & Son were
also concerned as brokers in the trans
action.
The northwest corner of Harrison
and Xineteenth streets has been sold
by John Spader, through the agency
of Center & Spader, for $30,000, the
lot is 137:6x245 feet.
The inquiry for lots for building
purposes is strong. The Richmond dis
trict is growing very fast. Its prin
cipal business thoroughfare is still in
the hands of the street improvers for
several blocks. When the roadway
has been bituminized and cement side
walks of the required size are laid it
v.ill be much more attractive than it
over has been. The Sunset district, the
lands near the ocean and every section
of San Francisco are well represented
in the transactions that are reported
by *he brokers.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
Isaac L'pham to a client, 55 feet on the
northwest line of Market street, 114
feet southwest of Franklin street, run
ning back to Page street with depth
varying from 120 to 90 feet, with
lrontagre of 43:6 feet on Page street,
and frame improvements, for $50,000.
The Starr estate has bought,
through the Starr Brothers Company,
from William Heath and A. H. Grew,
trustees. 60x97:6 feet and flve-story
and basement frame building: on the
northwest corner of Mason and Ellis
streets for $192,500. The property will
be extensively improved. The lot runs
to Latham place. The Starr estate has
also acquired from Charles Schlessing
ei, to whom Starr property on the
southeast line of* Market street, north
east of Fourth street, was recently sold
for $297,000— 25x112:6 feet on the
north line of Turk street, 112:6 feet
east of Taylor street, with three-story
frame building occupied by a store
and offices, for $62,500. Schlessinger
has sold the Edgemore Hotel on the
southwest line of Bush street, 137:6
feet west of Powell street, with lot 46x
3 37:6 feet, to a Seattle client of the
Starr Brothers* Company for $97,500.
Guy T. Way man represented Schles
pinger in the several transactions.
VARIETY OF SALES.
Several deals in local real estate
have 'been accomplished during the
last week that were of large size. Con
fidence on the part of Judicious pur
chasers has not been more strongly
manifested in many months. The of
fices of the leading brokers are
thronged with inquirers and interest is
actively maintained. Many deals in
country real estate have been effected.
Xtw comers are arriving in Califor
nia in large number for the purpose of
settling on farms and the demand Is
improved. In addition to this the
charms of suburban life tend to stimu
late inquiry for properties in near by
towns and cities.
Madison & Burke have made sales as
follows: Lot 60x137:6 feet on the south
line of Geary street, 100 feet east of
Fillmore, for Mrs. Emma G. Butler,
$9200; four lots, 25x120 feet each, on the
west line of Twentieth avenue, 225 feet
south of Clement Btreet, for C. W. Mor
ton, $2400; lot 30x87:6 feet and house on
fhe north line of California street, 107:6
feet west of Leavenworth, for W. E.
and Otto Hess: lot 27:6x122:6 feet and
house on the west side of Howard
street, 40 feet- north: of Twenty-third,
for M. E. von Schroeder, $6000; lot 23x53
feet and three flats on the north line of
Pleasant street, 114 feet *ast of Jones,
Boardman Brothers & Co. have
bought for a client the- home of Ed
ward Bosqui at Ross, Marin County,
the property including 20 acres and a
residence, for $35,000. The property has
been subdivided and placed on the
market. Edward Bosqui has bought
two and one half acres and the resi
dence. A half acre has been sold for
$1700. Roads will be made and water
mains and sewers will be laid.
Peters & Balnes have sold 600 acres
in the Los Guilicos Valley, Sonoma
County, for $40,000, to L. Kunde; 48
acres in the Sonoma Valley, from
Annie G. Wilkerson to S. D. Magnus,
for $6000; seven and a half acres in the
El Verano tract to P. Curran for $1200;
ten acres in the same tract to James
Ward for $1050; to P. Broderser for
George P. Baxter, in the Baxter tract,
twelve acres for $720; to James Moody
of Illinois, twenty acres for $1350; to
William Petterson of Minnesota, ten
acres for $650; to Louis Goldager of
Kansas, twenty acres for $1350; to R.
Y. Crowe of Iowa, ten acres for $650.
The following sales are* reported by
Ganco, Gunz & Co.: Lot 20x100 and
three flats at 2062, 2064 and 2066 Market
street, to J. Farrar for $10,000; for Mrs.
M. Mayow, two flats on the south line
of Nineteenth street, 135 feet east of
Dolores, lot 25x114, to Mrs. Rcrbers,
$2S50; Charles Hlmkel to Alexander
Bond, lot 51:6x125, with six flats, at
37 to 47 Sanchez street. $14,000; for Mor
gan Richards, lot 44:6x100, and im
provements, at 3711 to 3715 Seventeenth
street, $7000; lot 25x125, and house at
528 Noe street, Robert Barth to Mrs.
Lunde, $2900; four flats on the east line
of Dore street, 125 feet south of Bryan,
Mrs. S. McCarthy to A. Murdock, $2500,
and lot 26x100 and_ three flats on the
north line of Union street, 37:6 east of
Webster, for A. Anderson, $10,500.
The United Bank and Trust Company
reports the following -sales: The old
Chinese Theater on the southwest cor
ner of Jackson street and Cooper's al
ley, 40x80, with L 33x90, running
through to Washington place, for Chum
Kai and Lai Tai King to E. D. Swift
and E. F. Franks, for $30,000; six new
flats on lot 50x90, on the south line of
Pine street, 137:6 west of "Lyon, for
Voigt & Veyhle, to James J. Cumminga
for $17,000; three new flats on lot 26:3x
87:6, on the north line of Chestnut
street. 57:3 east of Leavenworth, A.
Stevens to Marco Foppiano for $10,
700; lot and improvements, consisting
of four flats on the east line of Folsom
street, 102:5 southwest of Thirteenth,
25x96:5, irregular, for R. J. O'Brien to
Louis and Mary Unternahrer, for $7900;
lot and improvements on the south line
of Folsom street, 115 feet northeast of
Falmouth, 25x90, Mrs. Margaret Geog
hegan to a client of Speck & Co., terms
private.
Commencing November 1, 1904, the
United Bank and Trust Company will
open a branch real estate office on the
corner of Sixteenth and Market streets.
It is the intention of the bank to make
a specialty of property in this locality.
They will have three or four men at
the office who will always be on hand
to show intending purchasers proper
ties. This is a growing district and a
field that has long been overlooked.
ELIGIBLE PROPERTIES.
Chatfleld & Vinzent have sold 240
acres of land in the Rogue River Val
ley for J. P. Van Ogden to Charles W.
Flanders for $24,000; an orange orchard
In full bearing, near Ontario, San Ber
nardino County, 20 acres, for $7000, for
Charles TV. Flanders to J. P. Van Og
den; a fruit farm of 36 acres in So
noma County, near Sebastopol, for J.
W. Walton to Robert F. Gilson for
$7200; 26 acres on Petaluma Creek,
Alarin County, for E. T. Fenton to S.
Cato for $2500; also six lots in the Ross
Valley tract and tracts of one acre
each in the Hunter Club tract at Black
Point, Marin Gounty.
COUNTRY AND CITY.
ment. An offer of $1,025,000, submitted
some' time ago by Thomas Magee &
Sons . on behalf of a New York cor
poration, was declined. Another offer
by other parties of a larger sum has
since been turned down. The Hayward
building is a source of large income to
tne Hayward estate.
Two Investigations Result
in Decision to Improve
the Service if Possible
Man Who Held Public Office
for Fourteen Years Drops
Completely Out of Sight
Starts to Cheer, but His Lips
Are Soon Sealed by
Cold Fingers of Death
WISH PAID DEPARTMENT
HEART ACTION CEASES
FAILS TO SERVE PAPEES
Investors in Urban and Suburban Lots
and Sites Seek for Homes.
Offices of Brokers Thronged
Sheriff of Placer County
Is Unable to Find Former
City Treasurer of Oakland
City Trustees of Alameda
Believe Volunteer Hose
* Companies Out of Date
L. H. Buddemer Overcome
by Excitement of Contest
on New Field of California
NOTABLE DEALS IN CITY
SEAL ESTATE EFFECTED
CANNOT LOCATE
ZACK T. GILPIN
WOULD DISBAND
FIRE FIGHTERS
DIES WATCHING
GRIDIRON GAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16,, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OAKLAND, Oct. 15. — The Oakland
Poultry Association will send a car
load of prize poultry to St. Louis next
Monday for exhibition during the last
two weeks of the World's Fair. Many
prize winner birds from all parts of
the State will be included in the ex
hibit and every variety of fowl bred
in California will be represented.
Forty-one States will be represented
in the poultry exhibit at the fair, and
California ranks eleventh in the nu
merical strength of its exhibit. Prizes
to the amount of $25,000 have been
offered for the poultry exhibit by the
Fair Association, and the California
exhibitors are confident of carrying
off their share of the trophies. "
Oakland Poultry Association to Dis
play Carload of Fancy Birds at
the Exposition.
WILL SEND EXHIBIT
TO THE WORLD'S FAIR
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 15.
State officers of the Kind's Daugh
ters' Society were elected to-day at
the morning session of the eighth an
nual State convention, held at Cal
vary Baptist Church In this .city. The
convention closed this afternoon with
the installation of the newly elected
board of directors. The reports of
the officers of the association which
were submitted at the convention
show that the society is in a flourish
ing condition, many new members
having been admitted.
The morning session to-day opened
with devotional services conducted by
Miss Ida May Egll of the First Bap
tist Church of Oakland. After the
reading of the minutes of the pre
ceding sessions of the convention the
annual election of State officers was
held, resulting as follows: State sec
retary, Mrs. Matilda Brown, Oakland;
assistant secretary, MrB. J. B. Robin
son, San Francisco; recording secre
tary, Mrs. W. J. Raymond; corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. A. J. Irwin,
Frultvale; State treasurer, Miss Jen
nie Coof, Piedmont; historian and
honorary member, Mrs. J. Q. Clark,
San Francisco.
Executive committee — Miss Mary
Fortin, Oakland; Miss Pearl Kings
land, Oakland; Miss G. A. Dennett,
East Oakland; Mrs. E. M. Coper, San
Francisco; Miss Florence Smith, San
Francisco; Mrs. Rushford, Stockton,
and Mrs. F. C. Lee, Berkeley.
The final session this afternoon was
devoted to five-minute addresses by
leaders of the various circles.
Eeports of Leaders of Cir
cles Show Gratifying In
crease in the Membership
36
A "Malr-taver" that craws la popularity.
Newbr.cs Herpicide
Tbt OR IOINAL nmtdy that "kUls the Daadraff Q*na."
GOIN&l GOING*!! (JONE!!!
tanaKirkfurin. mncoE wu un it. tm uii m inrtcac.
WAT A UAR> rDAUrPO but • *"l1>tknowiedre of scalp anatomy to know
n\J L A rLAIK-UKSJ W£#K> that the hilr ««* IU nourithneih direct fpa the
M _. M . „ hair-papUU. Tbanfort, the only nbo&ll trtat-
NrwWa rUrptdat wIU -as* pw fcalr— nature sseat Is to destroy the cause of the disease. Herp-
«o*» this— tout by 4«*troylDt;th«a:k:roblc enemies 4clA* does tM« ; It cures dandruff, stops falling
ft hsfrtiaaim Os bate It bound so grow as nature hair and relieves Itchlnr- A detlfhtfal h*lr
tatmasd ; « «*pt la chronic baUaess. It acquires dressing Gives extraordinary results. Try It '
6rtfSitm.t1.01 I»ni^«!M^tilElfWKr^DertlLWr»llB!Cl,fsri$ffl?li
AWJCATIOyB AT PKO1C TSUKT BAiUSEX, BHOPg,
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
3148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77. \
AliAMEDA.
1485 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 659.
BE ANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
.^vwwuxw^ _^^^?§: - ¦
COPPER IS ICING
This Metal Is the Greatest Producer of Gold
Dividends in the Mineral
World To-day.
The New Railroad Has Its Track Laid to the Cosumnes Coppefj
Mine/ Owned by the Rio Vista Gold and Copper Mining' Com*
pany, and the Stockholders Are Now Sure of Early Dividends.
n 1
« ————— — — ¦—^~—
Dlseo-rery of Coinmn«i Mine. I A XUtr* Opportunity. >
Orosi. Talare eovnty. Cal.. Sept. S. 1904. Th» Bio TlsU Oold a*4 Copper WatBf CbcbJ
Mr. F. H. Hood, San Francisco, Desr SU<- fW w *» orj anUed la January. 1*8, aader Cta '
In looking orerthe Sunday ••Chronicle" ot paid up and absoloM,
the 4th tost. I chanced to notice the ad. of the Do n -a»«eMable. Soon after If orsanlsatioa ttj
Bio Viata Copper Company for the sale ot stack company acquired the famous Cotumoei CO turn
In the Cosumnes Copper mine In El Dorado Mln«s. wnlch It has since been davetoplac «n4
county, and what gare It peculiar Interest to me ta^ny^'y* 1 ** *"*"* *"* *** *****
w*s the fact that my partner. EM. Chenault. In or ,j er t0 enlarge th^r plant and rw* Gm
and myself were a part of the original locator^ work of eonnecu^u. nUa.^tH the bcTiS ¦
of the Cosumnes Copper mine. I think In about roa^ a mjltt aw * y tn< j p re p tre ££ £, ££
1830. I hare* not been there for more than "ri o #^v- rt<* «rl^tt». <5ir.«*/«» il :£,G
Jh^SS o 'rV. I "^= 7 d W .nd in w*. d :;:S n rtS S" aat&*5fttr*..to VSSST'rtS^
.•co'ppS" w'e^rfed"? sVmVout 77 w'JS tre^£ •£*" *&%»*&*&: —.
Inexperienced In handling; copper ore and th« v/^, 1 ? ,t th^
price of copper was cheap a;*l the most of us 10 " t at bl "k "K
sold our Interests Tery cheap. With the pres- ?Ti?M Sm?A,}L V offsred. wfll bs
ent price for copper, I am conTlnced you haTe *' * x - w p * r * a>r8 -
got a Tery Taluable mine. Will you please send -~*^
me your prospectus and any Information concern- B|y?UJ^i^^l|^iAiag'9s>^pgf^g^H'BfB*SR' ; >'*'»^
large and strong, . and has been traced and sias^B«iBi^ss«sBa»ss^Bs^^BKS»BBMOBBMi»MBussHS«B
located a distance of three or four miles. The View Showla- a Steel Drill Operated by Con-
formation Is of the most faTorable character. pressed Air. st Work on 300-foot LeTel
The I'wtws.U Is In part porphyry and part of Cosumnes Copper Mine.
granite, the east slate and limestone, showing I :
a contact Teln lying; Immediately between the ¦ ~~ .
prlmltlTe and sedimentary rocks, which Indl- During 1 the past three months about $20 009
cates permanency and great depth, this being worth of this stock has been purchased by'th*
the formation In which the largest and richest most conserratlTe lnTeitors la this State
copper mines of the Pacific Coast are found. $5 down and $3 per month for 9 months burs
100 *hs res. w
Thousands of Tons of Ore In Sight $23 down and $23 per month for 9 months
buys 500 shares.
And on the dumps, which we will begin ship- $30 down and J30 per month for ft month.
ping to the smelter when tha new railroad to burs 1000 shares * montus)
ready to haul heaTy freight We U.ue and ' deliT.r . the certificate la™-
.ome Fact. Re^rdln, tie Copper "g&SZ
Mine, of California. «Uowed 10 per cent discount. ' X
The directors of the aboTe e*»panv are men
12.600.000 In dWidends Is paid annually to Lon- prominent In both the public and commercial
don. New York and Boston stockholders from I life of California, well known all orer the StatA
cupper mines of a single county in California. I s« conserratiTe snd trustworthy citizens wha
$4,166,000 was the output from one California haTe been successful In the conduct of' ?;»<>' li
copper mine for the year 1900. The net profit own affairs. They are: «••*»•
from this one California copper mine for 1001 g p COLOAN i» •-.
P^per^sUry^arsV 111 * 11 *" " "" „' £^k%^^^™$ ''cSL^J
A California copper property purchased six itiuunt r S 4tt;^;"^"'i. ic t Pretta * n1 '
Tears ago for $10,000 is now prodoctef that a o BrnvPTT 7i Fr «cisco. Cal.
- amount «Tery thlrty-slx hours. ** £** %.„ jjl, * " V * U" V « Director
Two copper mines of California produce v h CoUrt * Santa n °**' CaI "
double as much Talue as all of the ell wells " olli. « "V V= .Director
af California combined. . n > -v .^?^?«°£? en * r " 1> Sacramento. Cal.
Two copper mines of California produce half „" T. - c ¦""-„•• v "•; Director
as much Talne ss all of the gold mines of Call- - M ff- V?^^? 1011 Entfneerlag Co.. S. F.. Cal.
fornla combined. - F - J P"- 11 ** 30 ,- •••¦ v •• •• Director
A sliigle county of this State producla* cop- „ F ; B - J? 00 * 1 Cannins Co.. EmeryTille. CaL
per but six years has an output from two ir, . LR3E • Dlrectos
' copper mines of approximately $8,000,000 per Chief bnglneer State Board of Public
year/ Works, Sacramento, CaL
*> F ,i ft e? n ,, hun(lre < 1 dollars purchased the entire Thesamen haTe pledged their honor to la-
Bully Hill copper mine In this State ten years sure protection to the .malle.t stockholder sad
ago. and Itjjrodnced S3.000.000 during tha first an honest division of the profits wlttTaU wh»
fifteen months of^theoperstlon of Its smelter. Join them in this enterprise;
f'.twZ.U^^V^Ji}^, I '"aP*. 1 * m J* 9 Moua- Send for our new prospectus and tot fstitea
Ulaconw property to this State and forfeited, particulars call on or addri«ss F. H. HoodTsee-
.f^iw 6 ™. »¦• *">£ ac «i '25.000.000 J-etary. room 31A. Chronicle BuUdlag ro«et
|*ad last y«*r earned a net profit of $1,830,000. Marktt uut Eearnj stmta, Saa FraKtooaToSTACOMA. Oct. 15.— Wheat, unchanged;
bluestem, feSc; club, &2c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 13.— 'Wheat for export-
Walla Walla. 82c; bluentem. 63c; valley, S5c.
Northern Wlient Market.
OREGON
Mnn-ICatlns Shark.
Jaw on free exhibition at Lord's Curio
Store. 772 and 774 Market street. •
The cases of J. A. McMillan and
Frank Stafford, indicted by 'the Grand
Jury on October 6 oh a charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses, were
on Judge Lawlor's calendar yesterday
for arraignment of the defendants.
McMillan, who had been arrested on
a bench warrant and released on
$2500 cash ball, appeared and after
being? arraigned the case was con
tinued till next Saturday to be set.
Stafford has- not yet been arrested and
It Ib believed he has left the Jurisdic
tion of the court. The defendants
¦were charged with obtaining $975 'on
•June 15 from Mrs. Stella M. Packard
on the alleged • false representations
that a lodging-house at 611 Ellis street
brought in a net profit of $75 per
month.
Stafford Cannot Be Found.
We have converted our picture room
Into a beautiful art gallery for the exhi
bition and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, wnter colors, pastels, etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection cordiajly
invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket street. •
A New Art Gallery.
In order to defend the good name of
his mother, 12-year-old Eddie Harlan
of 1719 Pacific avenue stole a pistol
from a roomer in his mother's house
and he is now being held upon a charge
of burglary preferred against him by
Mrs. Harlan, who objects to the criti
cism of her actions by her young off
spring.
The mother is a comely young col
ored woman, who keeps a boarding
house for Pullman car porters. She
has been receiving the attentions of
one Mr. Smith. The boy protested
against Smith coming to the house,
and says Smith told him that if trouble
was made he (Smith) would fill him
full of lead. According to the state
ment made by the mother to Assistant
District Attorney Brown it was Smith's
skin rather than the boy's that was in
danger, and Bhe asked to be allowed to
swear to a charge of burglary against
him for stealing the weapon so that he
might be sent to a reform school.
The lad admits taking the weapon,
but denies he intended to shoot Smith
unless he had to. He says he got the
pistol to protect himself and his moth
er, as he believed that Smith was a bad
man and would do her harm. He is be
ing held, and in the meantime an in
vestigation Is to be made to find out
the facts of the case.
WOULD DEFEND
MOTHER'S NAME
Immediately after the discovery was
made the police were notified by the!
railroad officials, and a search for the
missing man is now being made. It
was hard for McCabe's superiors and !
his office associates to believe that he j
had been guilty of wrong doing, and j
they are yet at a loss for a suggestion j
as to what he did with the money. ¦ -j
The auditors are not through with \
their Investigation, but have nearly ¦
completed their experting of the sea- j
son's accounts. Last season's books ap
pear to be all right. ;
Ther is no longer any mystery at
tached to the strangre disappearnce of
James 8. McCabe, chief clerk to Assist
ant Passenger Agent Judah of the
Southern Pacific Company. A cause j
for his absence from his office was found j
yesterday, when the auditing depart- j
rnent of the company discovered that I
there Is a shortage in his acounts of a
trifle over 51000, representing: moneys
received from various local organiza
tions for the use of excursion trains i
during the recent picnic season, which j
McCabe had failed to properly account
for.
McCABE SHORT
IN ACCOUNTS
The engagement has been announced
of Miss Letitia Beretta, daughter of A.
Beretta of 1619 Clay street, and Albert
H. Quatman, of the C. M. Wooster
Company. The wedding will take place
in November.
The engagement is announced of Dr.
Newton B. Waller, formerly of San
Francisco, now living in New York
City, to Miss Jessie R. Vogel, daughter
of Louis Vogel. The majrriage will
take place in the spring and will be
followed by a trip to Europe.
Miss Vogel is a member of one of
the best known families in Gotham,
while the groom has hosts of friends
in San Francisco to wish him well.
• • *
Mare Island has come to be a festive
spot for Cupid. Each moon brings na
val nuptials, but none have been more
exquisite in detail than the wedding of
Miss Helen Frances Simons and Pay
master Frank O. Branch.
St. Peter's quaint little chapel was
gayly garbed yesterday in white,
chrysanthemums nodding invitingly at
each pew. Cosmos was banked in pro
fusion on the altar, from which a soft,
mellow light fell from many brass
sconces.
The bride, gowned in an ivory satin
robe, trimmed in old lace, entered the
chapel on the arm of her father. Medi
cal Inspector H. M. Simons, U. S. A.
Preceding her to the rail were Miss
Theodora S. Simons, maid of honor,
and Hiss Emily Berard Simons and
Miss Sally Spaulding Simons as brides
maids, all smartly gowned in white
organdy and lace. Short tulle veils
formed a pretty detail of the brides
maids' toilet.
The groom was assisted by Paymas
ter M. R. Goldsborough.
After the ceremony, at which. Chap
lain A. A. McAlister officiated, a large
reception was held at the home of the
bride, which was transformed into an
Edenic garden for the glad affair.
Mr. and Mrs. Branch will go a-honey
mooning in the south — tlie mecca of
redded lovers.
• • •
NAVAL WEDDING
TAKES PLACE AT
THE NAVY YARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16 ; 1904.
37
— CALIFORNIA— %
TO-NIGHT!
HOTTS
A TEXAS STEER
Absolutely t»ie tu-»t Cast Since the
Original Production. •
WILL H. BRAY in his original role
of the Darkey Politician. HARRY B.
KMERY as Bran.Jer. MAY L. STOCK-
TON as '"Bessy." And twenty other*,
including the famous
TEXAS STEER QUARTET.
NEXT SUNDAY — The Dopular Ger-
man Comedians. MASON ami MASON,
as the Bumlar and tho Iwtectiv*, in
Mark Swan's latf»t musical farce.
FRITZ AND f.VITZ.
5t ***" Lav* 'tiHti&
H. W. BISHOP, Lesse- and Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
Oliver Morasco offertt the exceptional dramatic
• . treat.
I A JAPANESE
NIGHTINGALE
™"~ ——¦»»¦¦¦—
The adaptation of Onato Watanna's novel.
published as a serial In th* Ladles' Home
Journal.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— Benefit of OUTDOOR
ART LEAGUE.
0PtRA|if||lHOUS[
MATINEE SATURDAY
Immense Success of the First Production In
English of the Famous Comic Opera,
I UtelbS I
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
EVERY NIGHT
SAME PRICES 25c, 30c. 75o
ALCAZAR i&gr
General Mana«er-
TO-NIGHT — MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST TIMES— Th* Splendid Comedy,
LORD ANDJJXDY ALGY
T0-M0BB0W WIGHT— O3TB wHXZ
First Ban FrancUco Production of CIyd«
Fitch's Great Realistic Play,
THE WAY OF THE WORLD
The Automobile Scene! The Society Musl-
cale! The Christening-: Election NlKht ia
Madison Square! As given for 200 hIkqU la
New York.
Evgs. 29c to 7fc; Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 25c to 50a
October 24 — H. V. Esmond's Best Comedy.
THIC WILDERNESS.
GENTRAL*!?
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South B33
MATINEE TO-DAY
TO NIGHT LAST TIME— Spectacular Drama,
" © ±L E "
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
CHAMPION O7 THE VOSU)
1 JAMES J. JEFFRIES
Supported by Central Theater Stock Co. Ir
"DAW CROCKETT"
DDTOrO EVKNINO9 10c to 60c
lull'IlO MATIN EE3 10c. 13c. 23c. 33c
Three-roii«fl «ca»rln«r *xMbltlcn between
Janxa J. Jegrles and Jcc Kennedy.
Last Appearance of
THE GEEMA5 COMEDIANS
And .Last Times of
"DOWN THE LINE"
By Howard Jacot. .
A Peer>ss Burlesque Admirably Sung and
Acted.
GORGEOUSLY MOUNTED.
EJrhteen Actual Novelties.
Nights '. .". : *.'.23r. SOe. T5c
Saturday and Sunday Matinees : . .25c. Me
Children at Matinee* "....:. |i!c and 23c
'. FREE MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT
- 37 raor. vr. h. lipscombe. :
THEOSOPHICAL LKCTCRE by F. M.WILLIS:
BUbJect.'SOME COMMENTS ON CHRISTIA.V
DOCTHINK. ACADEMY OT SC1KNCU
, ; BLC>G . Sl» Mark«t SL
; Week Commencing THIS AFTER-
' NOON. October 18.
EXHILARATING
VAUDEVILLE!
i Direct from Europe!
! TECHOW'S GATS
! The Most Marvelous of Educated
| £sv. Felines.
I SINON AND PARIS
i The Droll Greeks in the Olden Times.
j JOSEPHINE DE WITT
I "FIDDLE AND I." Violinist and
Vocalist .
! HIGKEY AND NELSON
! In Their Laughing Success. "TWIST-
! ED AND TANGLED."
I "A NIGHT IN VENICE"
1 Presented by S. SCIARRETTI, E.
| CIBELLI and A. CIBELLI. Vo-
i callsts and Instrumentalists.
! MURPHY AND WILLARD
1 In Conversational Oddities.
' JULIUS M. TANNEN j
j J Impersonator of Stage Favorites. J;
I Rounding the Yeggman \
4 The Most Sensational of Motion Flc- <i
4 _ ture». J
I Last Week ' of the Unrivaled Fun- s
> . makers, >
Lewis Me Cord & Company
< Offering "HER LAST REHEARSAL." }
ft by Willard Holcomb. Z
<%' Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, '!
H Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. I
« Prices— 10c, 25c and 60c, j.
HOFMANN
PIANIST.
Tivoli Opera House
AT 2:30
MAOHincEirr peoqbammb
TO-DAY— SUNDAY
Seati 81^0, $1.00 ana so c .
Box Office Opens at 10 O'clock This Morn-
ing at Theater.
Cominir — QASSXI >"'
tiUh-Ctass Specialties Every After-
noon and Exerting l.i the Theater.
THE ELLSWORTHS; THE LIPPINCOTTS;
MASTER MARION AND LITTLE GRACIE;
CHARLES AND ADA KALAMO: TED E.
BOX: MABEL LAMSON AND -THE AMER-
ICAN BIOORAPH.
SPECIAL— Children xisUing .the Chutes Sun-
day mornings, when Sultan, the untamable
lion, performs with Captain Hendricks In the
'/.oo. will be given tickets for the Miniature
Electric Railroad. Ferris Wheel and Galloping
Horsed WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission, 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoniflg Ask for the Chutes.
Palarp D(m fail to
rdidte ft€e the beauti{ul
< COURT Lounging
flfifl room, EMPIRE
uuu Parlor, the
n~ n ~A~ PALM ROOM, the
Urflflfl LOUIS, XV PAR.
Ml UUU LOR^ an(J the LA _
Krw+nlr. DIES * WRITING
I Hotels roo^ -
WEEH.Y'CALL^ f 1.00 PEBYEAIL
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
P. J. REILLY Jndtra
JAS. X*. GBACE ..Slipper
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
October 15 and 16.
Class and
Reserve StaKcs
_____ ¦ ¦ ¦ I
112— NOMINATIONS— 112
$1000— TOTAL PURSE— $1000
TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains leave Third and Townsend atroets
Saturday at 11 a. m., Sunday at 10:15 a. m.
and 1 p. m.. stopping a.t i Twenty-flf th and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning-
After the last course. San Mateo electric cars
every four mlnutea to park entrance direct.
LYRIC HALL
119 Eddy Street.
WENZEUOPTA'S
Violin Recital.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON. Oct. 23. at 3 o'clock.
Assisted by MISS MAUDE HOHMAN, Soprano,
MR. GYOLA ORMAY at the Piano.
TICKETS FOR SALE — Sherman, Clay &
Co.. and Will L. Greenbaum, 119 Eddy st.
KOPTA MANSFELDT FIRST CHAMBER
MUSIC CONCERT to take place SUNDAY.
October 20.
The Ben Greet Players
AT MILLS COLLEGE
Next Saturday Aft. and Eve., Oct. 22
Benefit of ENDOWMENT FUND
Afternoon at 2:30
"AS YOU LIKE IT"
In th# Open Air on the College Lawn '
Only Greet Open Air Play in California
Kvenlne at 3:30.
"THE MERCHANT OF VENICE"
In Lisser Hall.
Tickets $1.50 each, of $2.60 both perform-
ances.- At.8herman, Clay & Co.'s, Paul
Elder's and Lyric Hall.
Take 1 o'clock and 7 o'clock broad gauge.
Supper served by^ColleJf* Students.
in ADVERTISEMENTS.
premiums
free
Premiums are given to cus-
tomers of Port Costa Flour.
Attached to each sack at all
grocers is a premium coupon.
Ask j'our grocer for Port
Costa, the best flour, and in-
sist on getting the coupon.
Port Costa
Flour
Is milled from the best of
choice v»-heat. It is always uni-
form in its high quality. A bet-
ter flour for all household pur-
poses cannot be made.
Port, Costa Milling Co.,
San Francisco
AUCTION SALES
-£>% £* J&*
AUCTION SALE
Thoroughbred Jersey Cattle
Tta« Eotir* Prize Winning: Terb* Buena. Herd
of Jerseys belonging to the
E.ttte of the LATE HENRY FIERCE,
Oo&ctcttnf of
60 Head Registered Bulls, Cows
and Calves.
TUEBDAT EVENING. October 25. 1904.
At the PsJpf rarfl of
FRED H. CHASE <Sb CO.
Livestock Auctioneers,
1ZS2 MARKET ST.. ten Ffeactsco. - .
Stock at yarda Oct. 22.
Bend (or Illustrated cat alogx*.
..AUCTION SALE..
10 HEAD TROTTIXG-BRED HORSES.
TUESDAY EVENING, OCT.' 18 1004.
At 7:45 o'clock.
AT 1722 JdARKET ST.. Cor. VAN NESS AVB.
Consignments from the estate of Jesse D.
c *«r, S*l!n*«; Hon. W. A. £hippe«, Nelson;
K. O'Grafly. San Mateo. and A. F. Baker.
Ean Jose.
CONSISTING OF
Mam-. O*lflir.£6, Colts nnd Fillies, by Hatr-
thcrne. Dtctatus Wilkes, Hart Botweil, Boodle,
Boodle Jr., Dictatus Medium and other R-ood
•ir*-*. and oat of hlcn-clacs mart*. On Banrnf
«*veninc we will acll a number of two and
three year old draft colts; £Ood Individuals.
Fen<l for Cataloruc.
Horeca at yard October IB.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
2> 5^ 5^
AUCTION !
At IJANVILLE. Contra Cotta Co.. Cal.,
October IT. at I CVCIock p. in..
Of 15 Bead of WORK HORSES,
COMPLETE OUTFIT OF FARMING IM-
PLEMENT8. WAGONS. HARNESSES and
HOCSEHOLn FURNITURE— all new
VntA. BE EOLD Br
¦ " " I. V. BUTTON.
» J^V —^ . <*-*
Don f t forget the bis ss1« of fti> HBAD OF
*K»OD. CHEAP • WOniC AND DRIVlNlt
JiORSES; alsu a let of uttgontt, harness and
•tirreya. 1140 FOLSOM HT.. TUESDAY. Oct.
16. 11 a. m. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
APyERTlSEMEXTS.
This is the car that broke all"
11 world's records per horsepower, and"
? won the only place of record in W. K. "
?Vanderbilt's 300-mile cup race on"
t Long Island, October 8, 1904.
|! "THE WORLD'S BEST" ',.*¦
? "• l K ' •
, In this race Tvere entered eighteen i
,, cars, twelve foreign cars of from 60 u ;
i, to 100 horsepower, valued at from I
, $15,000 to S25.00O each, driven by the L
4 most noted drivers in the world. Pope I'
I Toledo regular model "L" 2£ horse- I
I power stock car, price $3650 F. O. B. I
; « San Francisco, CAME IN THIRD, I
j * beaten only by the 90 horsepower I
i Panhard and the 80 horsepower Clem-
7 ent Bayard. ,
II We received this telegram from the
. ' Pope Toledo Motor Car Co.:
I < ...
? TOLEDO. O.. Oct. 10. '04. \[
" Pope Toledo Touring Car Co., .
" V134 Golden Gate Ave., S. F.
* Herbert Lyttle driving 24 H. P. ,,
I "Pope Toledo." only standard stock , ,
" Tourjng Car in Vanderbilt race, wins
1 third place close to leaders, finishing,,
last round with average speed of 58 ,,
1 miles an hour. This record has never , ,
' ' been approached by any car of equal , ,
| horsepower in any part of the world ,,
: ' and is a triumph of endurance and,,
j .' speed for American cars. , ,
1 POPE MOTOR CAR CO. I
? POPE TOLEDO TOURING CAR
:: company
O. A. BOYER, Manager.
134-148 Golden Gate Ave., S. F.
Ill • Phone South 1142.
• *••••••• ? ,. iiimii,,:
i| IS YOUR FACE MARRED?!
j n If you have hair or dark shad- 5
X ows on your face that makes your •
Jg appearance repulsive, use the per- •
! 2 nnanent cure, 9
! O B. B. B. ENGLISH CARAMEI.. <4>
9 A positive remedy for all such dls- #
O figurements. Trial treatment and A
q examination at our offices Free. X
A Wo remedy all Imperfections of Z
2 the pkin. 9
T EUto Skia rood removes all ®
2 blemishes and roughness; makes ©
jj the complexion perfect. 0
I * Elite Blackhead Era&lcator re- #
j 9 moves blackheads and reduces the 9
I 9 poren of the skin. Z
| O Elite Face Powder — Chemically 2
9 pure. It has no equal. g
S Elite Dermatology •
S Institute 5
9 Phone 1160 Main. 838 Market St. S
• Inclose stamp to insure prompt Z
• reply. J*
For driving
Ceiiteimeri
Cape caasves
Very Durable C» J^C
Heavy Seams 'PI*** 1 '
Sizes 6 3 to 10 & PAIR.
109 GRANT AVE.
Bet. Grory and Post 8ts.
RRTTQHI7Q FOR barbers, ba-
DilU OJTlJLiO kp ". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers cannera,
dyers, flour mil]*, foundries laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
* tablemen, tar- roofers tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BBOS.,
Srush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
AMUSEMEXTSL
Ingleside
Coursing Park
!
GRAND
56 DOG
OPEN STAKE
AND
! ' ...
Unfinished Stakes
OF LAST SUNDAY
COURSING WILL 8E6IN AT 10:30 A. M.
Tota Prizes - - $2000
AH Miaslon-st. cars transfer to Ouerrero
care, which go direct to Dark. ./'
' 4>
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
J. WREN. Slipper.
MISCELIxAyEOUS A3IXJSEMENTS.
ITEISWAT^IiLL
TUESDAY EVENING. Oct. 18. at 8:15.
Concert Given by
GERTRUDE HLtiiYUNG
Child Pianist and High Soprano
Assisted by MRS. JEANETTE COFER so-
prano, and CHARLES FOLEY, tenor and vio-
linist. RUDOLPH FORSTER, Musical Di-
rector.- ¦ ." . . . . . .
Reserved Seats. $1, on sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'e. Admission 60c.
The Institute of German Physicians
lt-^ues a warning to younjr men against
taking up the study of medicine, there
being at present a surplus of doctors.
ADVOmsKJlEXTS. j
I Dry Goods Company, |
I We have selected from our recent arrivals a few Special |
I Values that will be placed on sale this week. : : : : : |i
| 46-Inch MANNISH SUITINGS nr li
§ 45-Inch T^JTEED MIXTURES /HP |
g In a good variety of colorings, yard " p
I 50-Ineh REDFERN SUITINGS |
g 56-Inch YANKEE HOMESPUNS (fit £\fl I
£ 5b-Inch SCOTCH TWEEDS SI (111
In the leading color combinations, yard fj/l.» W
| 50-Inch CHEVRON SUITINGS |
§ 56-Inch JEFFERSON FANCY PANAMAS /tw /^ r |
§ 50-Inch TALLY HO SUITINGS \| f\ %
i^ In the leading winter colorings, yard %\/*9h4t/
I 54-Inch IMPORTED REDFERN SUITINGS fr* r /\ I
| 45-Inch CAMEL'S HAIR MIXTURES \\ Ml p
;5 In a large variety of styles, yard f|/ *•€/" g
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
V Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square. 'A
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO;'S ATTRACTIONS
COLUMBIA SSSi ALHAMBRA BES
TWO WEEKS nyi rk XT rv A \/ 12 cokcebts
BEGINMNG i»i\Jl^i lJJ\ I sight itigkts— rotrs mattwexs
lyiQJfJWSrNZSDAT^IATOBDAT JO-NIGHT
f^lfSt Time H^l*© MATS. TUES.. THUKS-. SAT AND SLTN.
John C. Fisher Presents by Evening, at S:30 sharp. Matineea at 2:30 .harp.
Special Arrangement with the m mm turn .,.
Augrustin Daly Estate d H a H k < /S2^ Bel
THE GUEATKST MUSICAL RH JP Hi S 4 IW«a fl^
COMEDY EVER WRITTEN. EL H t fe i j Wk. M f&l&i
AND
. * •• Esitelle La^blini. Soprano;
M M m « / 1*1 W Je-sie Straus. Vlollnlrt:
III ¥w fiANH Herbert U Cl.irke. CornetiiU
M X^T A CHANGE OF FBOOBAMXS
AT E7EET COSCEBT ,.¦¦.;
-with- DDICES Evenlnn • 7^'C and $ i5?
- VKlWl- J Matlnf*. 50c. 75c and $1
JAMES T. POWERS B0 * '"EZJf^SZZ 0PE "
Stats on sale at Sherman, Clay A Co."s dur-
A1TP OTHEBS OF OSXaiKAX, OAST. Ing the wetk.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
2-WBBKS ONLY- 26
Beginning Matinee To-Day
==MELVILLE B. RAYMOND , =
America's Greatest Play w.wiii'^^""^^^W
1 X GREAT CAST
Detachment of 100 Cavalrymen and Horses
Same Production as Given at the Academy of Music, .New York
POPULAR PRICES - • 25c, 50c, 75c.
Artistic Tailor Garments
At> Ciit R.flt6 Pric6S
sttjg**S*r* Notwithstanding this being the height
f^^t of the season, we will continue to offer
W^Bt additional new styles at CUT RATE
j!im% '/'I^ $14-00 for a stylish Suit; pleated jacket,
V*gf^?i : ' ** collar, cuffs and belt velvet trimmed,
ig~ - ' ' i eleven-gore pleated skirt in new fancy
W - , mixtures and plain colors. Regular
jiliy^ $22.50 Novelty Tailor Suits. CUT
Js^mbfo* Rate $17.50
$25.00 Novelty Blouse Suits. CUT
RATE i »...-... $20-00
$25.00, $27.50, $30.00 and $35.00
Rich Tailor Garments, made of fine quality Venetian, Broadcloth.
Panama Cloth and fancy Etamines, in most desirable autumn
shades and black.
The New Coats at* Cut Rate Prices
Compare styles and quality with other houses. Our jackets are
made of choice quality Covert Cloth and Whip Cord.
$12.50 Coats are now $10.00 Cravenette Coats at
$15.00 Coats are now $12.50 _ ; „ _ .
$17.50 Coats are now $15.00 . bUt KatC rflCCS.
FUR JACKETS— Good qual- Our sale of DRESS and
ity, at J?3o.OO, JH45.OO, S?5O.OO ,,, ATt r TXTr . crTDTC ....
and *£.">.">. OO. WALKING SKIRTS still on:
Fur Boas and Stoles in great quality good— prices low; ?2.50
variety, $2.50 to $85.00. to $15.00.
1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET.
I Tailor-Made Garments f
§j The very newest and best styles, a most extensive va- %
g riety to choose from, at S
I Wholesale Prices |
» $17.50 Tailor Suits. Our price '. $12-50 g
$ $20.00 Tailor Suits. Our. price $14-00 §
I $25.00 Tailor Suits. Our price $1 7.50 §
0 $35.00 Tailor Suits. Our price $25-00 «
1 :?, BUY YOUR FURS NOW AT SPECIAL PRICES |
§ $25.00 Jackets we offer at $20 00 P
8 $32.50 Jackets we offer at.... $25-00 S
§ $37-50 Jackets we offer at ...:.. .$30-00 §
ft $5.00 P'ui- Boas T on "saleVat . * * $375 §
g $10.00 Fur Stoles on sale at $8-50 9
S $15.00 Pur Stoles on sale at .....$12-50 8
I SKIR.T BARGAINS J
§ $3-50 Rainy-Day Skirts, special $2-50 §
g $5.00 Rainy-Day Skirts, special $3.50 \x
g $7-5O Novelty Skirts, special $5-00 i
g 1142-1146 Market Street §III.— Isolde's Liebestode. Feuerzauber (Wag
ner); Ktlnoelles (Moskowski); Rhapsodi* No.
2 iLiazU. • - - .
The celebrated piantet, Josef Hofmann. will
give a farewell popular priced concert t hi*
(Sunday) afternoon at the Tivoll. when' th«
following 1 programme will be riven:
I. — Prelude and Fugue, D major (Bach
d*Albert); Lleder Ohne Worte (Mendelssohn),
Duette. Spring Song. Spinning Song; Sonata
Appasslonata (Beethoven).
II. — Polonaise Fantaaie, Barcarolle, Im
promptu G flat major, Valse C sharp minor,
Valsa A fiat major. Prelude No. 25.' Chants
Polonaise O major. Polonaise A flat ¦ major
(Chopin).
Hofmann Farewell Concert.
A will contest begun two years ago
by Pauline Levy, now Pouline Gordan,
is likely to be dismissed on October 17
on motion of the heirs of Henry Levy,
who died November 1, 1901. .T. E.
Pawlicki and Otto Irving' Wise, attor
neys for the heirs, yesterday gave no
tice that they would move for the dis
missal on the grounds that no citation
was served within a year 'and the ac
tion has not been further prosecuted.
The contestant was the widow of the
deceased — his second wife.' She al
leged that he had been influenced and
menaced by his three grown children,
who committed actual violence and
threatened bodily harm if he married
Pauline, or willed her any of his prop
erty. The estate was appraised at
$41,419.
To Dismiss Old Contest.
Trapper'* Oil euro rheumatism and neuralrfav
DrocrlBts. 60c flask. Rlcbard & Co.. -tooClajr.'
King Edward having become a pa
tron of the Automobile Club of Great
Britain and Ireland, that club is now
authorized to prefix "royal" to its
name.
Drop In and «fc our swell booklet speci
mens. Edward Knowlra Co.. 24 Second St. •
Lin Fong Landed.
Lin Fong. who proved himself to be
a native American, was ordered dis
charged yesterday from custody by
United States District Judge de Ha
ven. Assistant United States Attorney
Ben L. McKinlc-y took exceptions to
The Election Commissioners object
to placing the amendments on the bal
lots. They maintain that the amend
ments are unconstitutional on two ac
counts; first, that the Mayor must ap
prove them and second, that two years
have not elapsed, as called for by law,
before the charter may be amended.
The plaintiffs declare that, the last
amending of the charter by the Leg
islature took place February. 25,
1903, although the amendments were
voted upon by the people on Decem
ber 6, 1902. Therefore they claim
that although the amendments may be
voted upon and passed by the people
next November the charter is not of
ficially amended until the Legislature
acts, which may be as late as Febru
ary 25, 1905. By doing this the ne
cessary two years will elapse between
amendings of the charter.
James N. Harrison, plaintiff and
petitioner, through his counsel, con
sisting of Assistant City Attorney Pat
ridge, C. H. King and G. W. Lane, has
brought suit in the Supreme Court
direct, to compel the Election Com
missioners to place the proposed twen
ty-two charter amendments on the bal
lots to be used at the coming elec
tion. The counsel for the Election
Commissioners consists of Devoto and
Richardson. The Supreme Court has
consented to try the case without its
appearance in the Superior Court, so
that a decision may be reached before
election, and no appeal therefrom be
taken.
SEATTLE, Oct. 15. — George T.
Miles, about 40 years of age, shot him
self through the head with a revolver
this afternoon while standing at the
corner of Second and Union streets.
The doctors say that he has no chance
of recovery.
Shoots Himself Through Head.
"Radium the Wonder-Worker" and a
packed hall to-night. See "Lectures," in
classified ads. •
Endeavor to Have Proposed
Charter Amendments on
the Regular Ballots
SUPREME COURT
ASKED TO ACT
At the corner of Market and Seventh
etrects the elegant new quarters of the
Market-street Bank are now finished
and occupied. The main banking room
is a model of beauty and convenience,
being entirely finished In Italian mar
ble and ir.ahogany. At the rear of the
lnain room &.re the private offices and
coin vaults. From the Market-street
entrance, easily accessible by a broad
marble stairs, are the safe deposit
vaults, with space for five thousand
deposit boxes, secure behind massive
cteel doors and with the latest electric
burglar alarm devices known, making
them impregnable. The officers are A.
F. Martel. president; E. C. Dudley,
vice president; W. S. Upham, second
vice president; W. B. Nash, cashier;
C Martel. director, and Oliver Ells
worth, attorney. The business of the
bank has grown phenomenally and the
assets already far exceed a quarter of
a million dollars. •
A Growing Institution.
the report of Commissioner Heacock
and raised the point that Lin Fong,
by remaining many years in China as
a subject of the Emperor, had waived
his natal right to American citizen
ship. Judge de Haven refused to con
sider the matter on the ground that
the testimony taken before the Com
missioner had not been filed in his
court.
Brigadier General Francis Moore, the
newly appointed commander of the De
partment of California, arrived in this
city late yesterday afternoon from Fort
Riley, Kansas. He drove at once to
army headquarters in the Phelan build
ing to pay his respects to General Mac-
Arthur, but: he found on arrival there
that the office was closed owing to the
fact that the transfer of the division
headquarters was . being made to the
Grant building. He then drove to the
Occidental Hotel. General Moore is ac
companied by his wife and his daugh-
VETERAN ARMT OFFICER WHO
NOW COMMANDS THE DEPART
MENT OF CALIFORNIA.
General Moore Arrives to
Command Department.
NEW CHIEF IS HERE
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Halsht &. Masonic ar.*
Theodore Cushing, a well known
i resident of Chicago, died yesterday at
I the Grand Hotel. He arrived here re
cently from the north and had been
! confined to his bed for several days
! by sickness when he was . attacked
i with pneumonia, which hastened his
death. His remains will be sent to
the East, where he leaves a widow.
Chicago Man Dies at Hotel.
When your skin looks yellow and you
rise In the morning with a bad taste In
your mouth, take Lash's Bitters.
Joseph Levy, while at work on an
automobile at Eighth and Market
streets yesterday forenoon, was badly
burned about, the head 'and face by
gasoline, which exploded while he was
repairing the fire box. His injuries
were dressed at the Emergency Hos
pital by Dr. Kuicich.
Burned by Gasoline.
- We don't sell all the best suit cases
and bags, but all the suit cases and bags
we do sell ara the best; same with
trunks, pocketbooks and wrist bags: all
lettered in gold free of charge. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street.
Dress Suit Cases and Bags.
Mrs. Mollie Tomquist of 1431 Stock
ton street tried to end her career yes
terday by drinking from a bottle of
lotion prepared for her husband, who
had barber's Itch. Her screams at
tracted the attention of her husband,
who summoned the ambulance from
the Emergency Hospital, but when it
arrived she declined to leave her room.
Jealousy on the part of her husband
had so annoyed her that she resolved
to «leave him a widower. She Is still
alive, however.
Wanted to Leave Her Husband.
There is an old saying that "nothing
succeeds like success." What is success?
It is the ability to do something, to ac
complish something. And the road to
success and wealth is a simple one. It
consists in saving your money, which is
otherwise thrown away, until you have
acquired an independence. Money begets
money, once you make a start, l ou do
not have to open a savings account with
& big capital — with any capital. You
start savins, interest multiplies your
savings and the capital fo»ows. You
can start with Jl with the Phoenix Say
ings. B. and L. Ass'n. 516 California
street, receiving 4^ Per cent Interest,
compounded semi-annually. On term
accounts 5 per cent is paid, payable
semi-annually. Paid up cap"*I. iif*?;"
000; guarantee fund. $200,000. The di
rectors are A. A. Watkins. Charles R
Bishop, George C. Boardman. S.J Premiss
Smith? Gavin McNab. Charles E. Ladd;
Clarence Grange, managing director.
The Money Thrown Away.
people. I asked to be sent to this de
partment, when I knew that General
MacArthur wanted to be relieved.
"The climate here Is sharp, breezy
and bracing and this suits the tastes of
my family and myself. I shall retire
on April 6, 1905, when I will be 64
years old, and then we shall prob
ably settle down and make our per
manent home here. I was stationed
here for about four weeks In 1896." .
The transport Thomas sailed yester
day from Manila for this port. She
brings home Major General James F.
Wade, commander of the Philippine
division. She also brings 202 casuals,
fifty-two sick, one insane and nine
teen general prisoners.
Lieutenant John M. Craig. Twen
tieth Infantry, registered at headquar
ters yesterday. He Is staying at 18%
Oak street.
"I am glad to be back again in San
Francisco. I like the place and the
General Moore entered the army as a
private In the First Colorado Cavalry
September 10, 1861. He was made sec
ond lieutenant In the Ninth Cavalry of
the regular army on July 28, 1866; cap
tain August 24, 1872; major July 28.
1892; lieutenant colonel May 6, 1899;
colonel February 2, 1901, and brigadier
general February 25, 1903. He was born
In Scotland April 6, 1841.
In speaking of his appointment to
California Department General Moore
said:
ter, Miss Jessie Moore. His aid, Lieu
tenant Creed F. Cox, did not arrive
with him, having gone on a month's
leave. At the expiration of this time he
will Join the general here.
General Moore was colonel of the
Eleventh Cavalry, which went out to
the Philippines in 1901. Ater his re
turn to this country he was attached
to the Inspector general's office, filling
his post with marked ability.
TJIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1905.
Rio Grande Still Rising.
EL. PASO, Tex., Oct. 16. — The Santa
Fe road still has a washout of about
twelve miles between here and Albu
querque and several days will elapse
before trains are running. All other
roads are running trains regularly. It
Is still raining here, however, and the
Rio Grande is rising slowly, it
has been rising for a week or more,
but only a few Inches daily.
38
; ujvamsE«Em_ w
CLOSING DAYS
S *k REMOVAL SALE
Multitudes of extraordinary inducements in furnishings of the
highest excellence. Irresistibly tempting offerings on every floor.
A broad and brilliant array of fascinating bargains in which all
the exquisite productions from our stock of
FURNITURE CARPETS
DRAPERIES WALL PAPERS
are. comprehensively represented. The opportunity to share in
this tremendous value-giving is limited. Do not delay.
$95 CE1FT0N WEATHERED OAK SIDEBOARD— S'7'%
Removal Sale Price ••«...... £ JL
$50 GOLDIN OAK. CHINA CLOSET, MffiROE BACK— %At\
Removal Sale Price fr8f« 4 1 W -
$45 MAHOGANY LADIES' WRITING DESK— %*% > ¦
Removal Sale Price '. ... »iO
$45 MAHOGANY LIBRARY TABLE— ««% t»
Removal Sale Price 35
$45 ENGLISH OIK B00K:ASE- V* * ' «~ •
Removal Sale Price . . .-.,.:...,.... ... . . . . 35
Sweeping reductions in Carpets, Draperies and Wall Papers.
Splendid value-giving in Fredericks' highest quality of furnishings.
Deliveries are planned to your convenience— sent at once or
during the holidays.
649*65< J, MAR KET ST kfTpmv
_ADViERTISEMEKTS. ___^_^»^
More of Those
Elegant*
Hats $ 6- 00
Competent critics pro- vfe^i&%& V^'
nounce these $6.00 hats of 'fiffc i)^
ours to be the best values / *
of the season.
Some are suggested by
models from Paris. Others /<^^^^^S^fev
are the creations of our own /^^>:0^-^^mS^^
designers. The variety of /" .'¦ {'
conceptions is remarkable, fe^r'^yfi^:^•^wsSfiSV
Every popular color or /•:•>;^r^v^P:^-/-^y {^::}>^SA
combination of colors is £;.'• [^U\^fc^:^'i-^\;:\^ \\rf)
represented. Every notable ii^^V :^{:^:^r^M
shape is there — every trim- i;: •""^•¦•>-:-yHv:-:^||\
ming that has found favor : *ffl
during the season. >**i# ay
We have been busy for several days pre- a f% a A
paring a new display for to-morrow. So come Vlr [I (I
prepared to see a magnificent assortment of w|T|l UU
hats worth $10.00. we will offer for V
Greatest Yet New Stunning
EmbroideiySaleMonday QoatS $15.00
snap buy, one' of the best Worth $20
deals we have ever made. You will realize at a glance
We very promptly turn the that the gt , es are new>
opportunity over to you,
feeling sure that you will There are five different de-
appreciate the chance to buy signs to choose from, and
fine embroideries at half- , n . t , . .
price and less. CEch ° ne 1S a modcl for
Finest Qualities Swiss Nainsook grace and beauty.
C 5 ooo rIC YARDS I EDGINGS, WM invcsti^ tion ||
INSERTION?, BANDS demonstrate the fact that
and flounces; widths 2}4 the material is extra fine
to. 5 inches. Worth , , . , ...
• 20c and 25c a yard. || n and u^ at th <; workmanship is
Sale price IIG without a flaw.
3000 YARDS of EMBRQID- Really, fault-finding will
ERY, "50 "different pat- be a hard task,
terns; workmanship that There is a splendid line of
speaks for itself; almost T7««.i;eU \\t~m • r ?
any width. Worth 30c English Walking Coats in
to 60c a yard. Sale |Q n *f n covert (P Iain and ¦ her-
. p r i ce I JU ringbone stripe). This style
3700 YARDS EMBROID- has the strap back and
ERY, open work •¦ and in the three-quarter length"',
guipure " effect, entirely There <are also some mix-
new ' ideas. Worth from tures h} gray and brown
50c to $1.00 a yard. OQp with practically the same
35ot% P A r RDs' EMBROID U strap back effect. Velvet
>ERY, as fine as y6u care m^ and b «"ons are a
to see; all widths up to 18 trimming feature. See this
inches. Worth from 75c Iot b y a11 means, for they
to $1.75 a yard. QQ 0 are great values ftir An
Sale price ........ JJb at OlUiUU
.^S* F ,. na#n£f? gpajvt /we. and Q£a/?y sr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\j y. —
Monday, October 1 7 >/
SILK DEPARTMENT
We are now showing a very large and complete line of
Silks in black, plain and the most exclusive fancy patterns,
also the very newest styles in Fancy Velveteens, suitable
for Fall and Winter wear.
FANCY VELVETEENS
An excellent quality of the new chiffon finish, in a fine Eng-
lish Velveteen, in shades of brown, gray, navy, castor and green;
22 inch " wMe - 7 SO YARD
Extra heavy and a very soft English Velveteen; colors guar-
anteed absolutely fast. Suitable for handsome walking suits for
winter wear; shades of brown, navy, gray and castor; 24 inches
wde Sl.OO YARD
EXTRACT VELVETEENS
Beautiful effects in the new extract Velveteens, made to take
the place of the metal prints of last season and far more popular
by reason of their durability; 22 and 24 inches wide,
73c AND 83C YARD
Lining Taffetas Dress Taffetas
20-inch BLACK TAFFETA: 20-inch BLACK TAFFETA
Swiss manufacture; yard 6Oc (Bonnet make) S5c
21-inch BLACK TAFFETA: 23-inch BLACK TAFFETA
wear guaranteed; yard 75c (Bonnet make) $1.00
23-inch BLACK TAFFETA; 2r . jnch BLAC K TAFFETA
wear guaranteed; yard »«*c tr. n \ ntt ma ke) S1.2?;
36-inch BLACK TAFFETA; (Uu " \. Jr irir tV^fpt v
extra heavy quality; vard.$l.OO * 2 :™ h BLACK TAFFETA
27-inch BLACK TAFFETA; (Gurnet make) •• — •••••J.-f?
spot proof; wear guaranteed 22-inch liLAUK !Ai*£t.iA
91.25 (Girard make); yard fS.OO
Fancy Silks for Shirt. Waist, Suits
A large assortment of neat checked LOUISINES and TAF-
FETAS, especially adapted for handsome silk shirt waist suits.
in shades of brown, green, tan, gun metal, navy and castor; 19
inches wide.
75C, 85C AND Sl.OO YARD
COLORED MESSALINES ,
. THE NEW PLAIN SILK FOR DRESS WEAR — Hand-
some luster; soft satin finish, very durable, in rich shades of
navy, brown, gray, goblin, castor, reseda and champagne; also
white, ivory and cream; 20 inches wide,
75C YARD
NEW VELOUR. CLOAKINGS
Genuine English Broadtail Velour, Persian Lamb Veloar
and Beaver Broadtail Velour. The very latest material for
handsome coats and jackets, in shades of gray, castor and black;
50 inches wide.
PRICES S8.OO, S8.5O AND S1O YD,
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED
New [ - f j Feather
Furs Grmrttv AA u».
Our »tock *\ ¦* Jl /f f/ff tf^M " ****¦ **«J V «<1
or Fur Neck- ¦ MjF\ * beautiful
wear 1* com- *,.«Mlr J IS 7-+-^K*ljmr& J * » »ort:n*nt
plete for fall ' I W ot Fea - ther
cea.'on, com- -*OBnD«» BL *~ **^ Vff^" Bo a s In
newest de- V \VH " *y» black ar -' 1
»l(?ns and whita frorj
pa t t e rns. m^ m^^^ *5 to 72
Prices from •*•*¦* j -t ¦•% •* r% ' j- /• a. " 'u. Inches long.
•«£ to *» in to 121 Post Street »£*!
All druggists sell charcoal In one :
form or another, but probably the best j
charcoal and the most for the money is ,
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they \
are composed' of the finest powdered '
Willow charcoal, and other harmless j
antiseptics In tablet form or rather in i
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz- j
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey: • j
The daily use of these lozenges will I
eoon tell in a much improved condition i
of the general health, better complex-
Ion; sweeter breath and purer blood, I
and the beauty of it is that no possible j
harm can result from their continued \
use, but, on the contrary, great benefit, i
A Buffalo .physician in speaking of I
the benefits of charcoal says: "I ad- i
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all ;
patients suffering from gas In stomach j
and bowels, and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is great-
ly benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but twenty-five cents a box at
drug stores, -and although In some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
get more and better charcoal in Stuart's !
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
ij Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
Ing purpose.
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; It is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present
in the stomach and Intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases -which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
Pew. People Know How Useful It Is in Pre-
semng Health and Beauty. ' |
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. --¦•¦¦¦
(SssslLwi ttHWB SHIP SSBMIS ii lip uU
Home furnishing is an easy matter where TERMS ARE AS LIBERAL as can be had
at THE STORE ON THE SQUARE. "QUALITY," "QUANTITY," "VARIETY,"
"TASTE," "SERVICE," "PRICE" — points that make this great store pre-eminent. Call and
look over our immense line and convince yourself that this is the place to purchase.
YOUR. CREDIT IS GOOD— NUF -CEP
MUSIC CABINET — Mal)0g- DRESSING TABLE —
1 any finish. Canopy top. Oak or mahoeany fin- MORRIS CHAIR — Solid
decorated with bevel plate ish. Bevel plate mir- oak frame, golden j finish.
DRESSER — Quarter mirror. Plenty of room ror. Roomy drawer. A Spring «eat. Back adjust-
sawed oak. golden fin- r d m^{^ of the belt dainty piece. Beautifully able to rour positions, cush-
ish. Full seroentine Price..'./.... §9.80 Polished. CO Off ion. are upholstered In the
V«-r»\JV/ Price . \p\)»im\J highest grade of' v«Iour.
front, panel sides. Bevel Choice of designs and celor-
plate mirror. Piano pol- ings. Price
ish p ."?r $22.25 r^ADDFTQ 1L> $8.55
&US (^^^%^^^,v^J8 Draperies
T^OIVOI^fnv'iit New patterns arriving daily. The choicest prod- Extreme care must be used
J^CPClI LAjLI II v ucts °f the world's great mills. The few in the selection of draperies.
» items quoted are merely a guide to price. The effect of your room can
We Uke jnstifiable pride L °WELL AND HARTFORD BODY BRUS- casi| bc iled b inhar .
SELS — Exclusive designs, choice colorings. A . ' - . *
in this department, where weave that is too well known to need descrip- mcmious colorings. We carry
you will find the largest line tion. No carpet made will equal *»• f\-J\/ an immense stock of Cur-
it for wear. Per yard yliV/ /2 tains. Couch Covers. Dra-
of domestic rugs on the LAKE SIDE BRUSSELS — Copies of body peries and Bed Sets, as well
coast. Sizes range from the Brussels designs. Large range of patterns as a large line of Cut Dra-
Iittle door mat to the full to choose from. Borders to match. C£Tp peries, and will cheerfully
-««.~ *;,. ah --.ji'a- *,«„, Worth $1.00 a j'ard, our price O«Jl» furnish estimates on your
room size. All grades, irom AGATE PRO-BRUSSELS— An artistic floor cov- work. Do not fail to see the
the inexpensive Granite Rug cring. Thorouehly sanitary and moth Offp fall effects in colored drapes
to the Royal Wilton. proof. Reversible. Per yard OiJO now on display .
1 **\"*f ~!9 38395^^^. TS^PBBS^BHSHBBBIB^^^ ?j^^^^flrff^^ ¦ct^bf^E5^a39^G .^0lG22fl^B&MH » '
245-259 GEARY ST* ON liiE SQJMifiE" '
yiSCELIiAXEOPS.
The Greatest Eye Remedy in
the World
GEORGE MAYERLE'S
EYE -^WATER
Makes weak «yes ¦tron*: r«d, not*. p«inful d!«-
chargrlnff or diseased eyes welL Rests tired ey«».
Perfectly harmless. For Infants or adults
Price. 50c. By mall, 62c. If your <Srus-
glst doesn't keep it, order direct from
George Mayerle. 1071 Market street. San
Francisco. George Mayerle's antiseptic
eyeglass cleaners, 2 for 25c.
A VrOHDEBPTTL &2aff2TDY.
SISTER MARY BAPTIST. Sister of Mercy
Grass Valley, writes: "My eyes hav* much Im-
proved by the use of Oeorge Mayerle's Eye
Water, and I heartily indorse It."
USED ONLY ONE BOTTLE.
"I have used a bottle of Georgro Mayer!*' •
Eye Water and It has helped me wonderfully."
— Charles Morgan. Rocklln, Cal.
CXTSED HIS ETE3.
"Mr. George Mayerle — Dear Sir: Tour Eyi
Water has entirely cured my eyes after yearj
of Buffering*. Yours respectfully. Mrs. Ida
Labanery, Valley, Ilumboldt County."
$200.00 REWARD
For til* arrest and conviction of an?
party or parties obtaining money by
falsely represeatia* themselves as
QE0S.OI1 MAYEBLE, the Oermaa Ex-
pert Optician, cr as his agent.
APVERHSEMEXTS.
[I World's m. V §
j Record Mi*lf*OC [j
1 Breahing A 1 1\*C3 1
I Dinner Sets |
| - China |
I Crockery fl
I Glassware jj
I Ornaments 0
I Prices never so cheap I
I Need the room jj
| for &
I New Holiday Goods |
I Come early I!
I just to look. I
I Great American Importing Tea Co. |
I Money Saving Store. |
1861 Market 213 Sutter z' ii 24th [I
140 Sixth 210 Grant ava 1419 Polk fl
475 Halsht ISIS) DevUadaro TiUUrUnU
32S5 Mission 3006 Sixteenth 146 Ninth §
2008 Fillmors 521 Mont^'y av» 353 Hayes ¦
366 Thirl 2516 Mission A3 Market!
,469 Fourth . 20«Thto<l |am glad that Stanford won. If victory had gone the other
way there should have .been no complaint. The men did the best
they could and neither eleven was enough better tha n the other to
be clearly superior all in all. ThLs is Stanford's seventh victory in
the eleven games that have been played thus far and we have rea
son'to feel quite well satisfied as far as the freshmen are con
cerned. I do not know enough of the technique of football to ren
der an opinion about the decision in favor of the cardinal on that
unusual play, but of course the decision of the national committee
will be final.
CALD7ORXIA, I think, played a little better football if the
kicking is excepted. It was a splendid game and of course I
President Jordan Praises Work of California Eleven
CARDINAL, PLATER WHO WAS THE HERO OF THE ANNUAL. FRESHMAN
FOOTBALL GAME YESTERDAY ON CALIFORNIA FIELD AT BERKELEY.
AND ONE OF THE SENSATIONAL END RUNS.
War News Continued on Page 41, Col-
I nmn ; J.
IMPU VILLAGE. Midnight, Friday.
Oct. 14 (By courier from Mukden).—
The difficulties of their task and their
heavy losses compelled the Russians
to abandon their efforts to capture
the heights commanding Tumin Pass.
Meanwhile the Japanese attacks upon
the entire Russian front continued.
This probably led to the orders to the
east column on the night of October
13 to retreat from the passes. The
detachments on the flanks also re
treated, but the fight was continued
in another place about 2 o'clock in the
morning. The artillery fire which be
gan on the southwest front, seemingly
near Shakhe, on the morning of Fri
day became heavier and continued
throughout the day, despite the storm
of rain and hail, and it is continuing
now, at midnight.
All the chief roads in the direction
Lack of Bandaging Material in Rus
sian Field Hospitals.
WOUNDED CROWD ROADS.
MUKDEN, Friday, Oct. 1 4. — News
has been received here to the effect
that one of the Russian eastern col
umns has overcome the desperate re
sistance of the Japanese and captured
Lumin Pass, which opens a direct
route to the right flank of the Jap
anese main positions at Yentai mines.
If the report is true General Kuropat
kin's plans have succeeded and the
Russians have taken the Japanese in
flank and rear. ' One more effort, it
is asserted,' and the Japanese must re
treat with heavy loss from the Shakhe
River or run the risk of being cut off
from the army between the Shakhe
and ShIH rivers and annihilated. But,
it is added, it "must • be remembered
that flanking movements are double
edged and cut both ways. In any case
the decisive moment appears to ! have
arrived. -" ',.'¦: ". j . •
Russian Column Reported to Have
Captured L/umin Pass.
RUMOR CHEERS MUKDEN.
The play on which the game of yes
terday depended was a very unusual
one. ' None, of the veterans present had
ever seen its like before and it "probably
would not . happen again in a century.
It was ; California's, ball ' on her own
twenty-yard line. Riley punted thirty
flve yards to Fenton, Stanford's quar-
PLAY IS UNUSUAL.
Both the Stanford freshmen and the
blue and gold "babies" played 'good
football sporadically yesterday at
Berkeley. Again they seemed to grow
tired on one side or the other and then
it was any one's game. The cardinal
won the victory with their score of 6,
but California advanced the ball scores
of yards more than her opponents in a
straight rushline game. Stanford was
strong in Fenton, her little quarter and
kicker, but California's running backs
and two-thirds of her line as well had
the cardinal men opposite them dis
counted, i
It was poor headwork that lost the
game to the blue and gold. The home
eleven had the ball seven yards from
their" opponents' goal line in the second
half on a first down. Stanford had
scored 6 and California was a touchdown
to the good. The blue and gold backs
gained j four and a half yards of the
necessary five in two downs. It looked
like a splendid chance to push a back
through center for a touchdown or at
least a half-yard gain, but the signal
called for an end run through the mud
and a cardinal tackle nailed the runner
for a loss.
It seemed the unanimous opinion of
the football critics that California
should have won on form if punting
was not a feature of the game. In
kicking the cardinal boys gained yards
upon yards. Fenton was always there
with a swift foot to balance up the
play. The greatest point of interest in
the game was a peculiar situation
caused by Fenton's doing what he was
not expected to do and which ordina
rily would have been poor football. \
TACKIilNO' IS;: EXCELLENT.
; The "interference "on both 'teams was
pobrV yesterday 'in nine plays 'out ' of
every ten.". Thia'sort of thing five the
terback. The little chap caught the pig
skin and instead of running, as is the
custom under such circumstances, he
booted the ball back over the heads of
his own team and of his opponents who
were rushing in a body to tackle him.
The football soared through the air
and landed fifteen yards from Califor
nia's goal. The blue and gold freshmen
thought the pigskin would roll over
the line and they did not touch it. The
ball stopped, however, a foot from the
goal posts and while the two elevens
were gazing at it in indecision, Fenton,
who had returned the punt, came
through the crowd and dropped on the
pigskin.
Then there was the wildest kind of
an uproar, -If Fenton was "on side" it
was Stanford's ball... If he was not, it
was a touchback for California and her
kicker could easily have . punted the
ball out of danger. The rules were pro
duced, but there were no regulations
for this kind of a play. The tired
youths who were fighting for suprem
acy were given a long rest while the
officials tried to get some light on the
question.
The rules say that a fullback cannot
put himself on 'side when he receives
the ball from one of : his own men. In
this case Fenton < caught Riley's punt,"
and thereforedid not get the ball from
his own team. .-. Referee Fickert main
tained that Fenton was "on side," while
other officials and coaches disagreed.
On the advice of "Jim" Lanagan,' coach
for the cardinal, . it was decided to ac
cept the referee's ruling temporarily,
proceed J with j the game and .then refer
the whole matter to the national foot
ball rules committee In New York. Last
night the ;', ruling in : favor of Stanford
was telegraphed « to V The ': Call.- - After
getting the ball by the temporary de
cision Stanford sent r Vandervoort
through, for, the '.touchdown. The goal
was kicked without trouble.
REMARKABLE PLAY
PUZZLES EXPERTS
OF THE GRIDIRON
AT THE RUSSIAN FRONT. Thurs
day, Oct. 13. — The Japanese offensive
began on Tuesday along the whole
line. The heaviest work was on the
Russian extreme right, where the
fighting for the possession of Hau and
Tumin passes did not cease until mid
right. The Russians succeeded in
capturing the latter, though at fearful
cost. «
The position at Poltasautzi, still
further toward the Taitse River, held
by the Tomsk regiment, was furious
ly assaulted and the regiment lost
heavily. The Tamboff regiment extri
cated itself from a seemingly hope
less position and succeeded In effect
ing its retirement. The Russians stuck
to most of their positions heroically
on Tuesday, except at the Schill River.
On the morning of Wednesday the
Japanese renewed their attack, pre
paring the way for their infantry with
an artillery bombardment. At noon
the Russian right began falling back.
but the attack upon the Russian cen
ter and left weakened perceptibly. The
trtillery fire slackened in the evening,
but the rifle fire continued with little
intermission throughout the night
The Japanese to-day (Thursday)
renewed their attacks and the battle
proceeded with varying success, but
on the whole favorable to the Japan
ese, as the Russians continued to give
ground.
The Russian wounded are being sent
north to Harbin.
Message From the Russian Front
Credits Japan With Victor*.
ADIMTS THE DEFEAT.
thuslasm, until it was declared that he
was filling up a mudhole that the play
ers might not soil their garments.
Whether the famous educator's act was
a hoodoo for California remains to be
seen. President Wheeler made bis ap
pearance shortly afterward, and until
the end of the contest the two savants
wandered up and down the field to
gether, , unhampered by officials,
coaches, policemen or other people who
get their delight out of life by telling
spectators of football games to "move
on."
GAME IS EXCITTXG.
When the California freshmen trotted
across the field there was a tremen
dous burst of applause and organized
cheering from the grand stand. The
youngsters went through a brief prac
tice as if they were oblivious of the
thousands who had pinned hopes on
their ability to defeat another eleven
from another home of learning.
Stanford's appearance did not evoke
quite the ecual of the applause given
their rivals, but there seemed to be
more dainty, little college girls waving
cardinal than blue and gold, and that
was plenty of encouragement if there
had not been a single shout.
Once the ball was in play eyes
brightened and teeth were clenched in
excitement. The lads from the State
University were the heavier, they said.,
and they seemed to push their oppo
nents down the field easily. After al
most every clash for a time the blue
and gold adherents were showing their
Joy in their own unmistakable college
way. There was a restless murmur*
from the Stanford side, like the moan
iug of the sea at Bakers Beach when
the, tide is going out.
When at last the cardinal boys held
their opponents for three fierce rushes
the grand stand ceased to look lopsided
in its enthusiasm. -But, alas! the fair
¦maids with the. bright bonnets forgot
to wave their well wishes and lost their
pleasant smiles when a begrimed boy
went across Stanford's goal line, with
the ball and owned up that he be
longed to California when the officials
had removed twenty-one men from his
body and dug him from the mud. Then
was the time the blue and gold flut
tered in' the breeze, while pleased "-il
excited thousands made the grand
stand tremble as they applauded.
FEXTOVS SENSATIONAL PLAY. •
It was only ten minutes later that
Captain Fenton. Stanford's hero, made
the sensational play upon which the
cardinal's score depended. Each con
tingent had the chance to cheer, for
a score and honors were equally di
vided. But when Stanford kicked the
goal, a feat which their opponents had
failed to accomplish, there was more
blue than gold in the California sec
tion. Another touchdown by Califor
nia would have won her the victory,
but it could not be done, although the
struggling youths fought for it until
they were exhausted.
Finally the referee announced the
end of the contest, and there was no
immediately victorious team. Many
thought Stanford had won, but as the
news of the actual conditions spread
the applause slackened. Off the field
trotted the players, substitutes ati-3
trainers, through the gateways leaked
the mighty attendance. In the middle
of the gridiron the officials took their
stand to argue the great disputed play,
the Berkeley youth came from Its
perch In the trees about the fence and
the freshman intercollegiate football
game for 1904 was ovi*-- ~V
The football game between the fresh
men elevens of the University of. Cali
fornia and of Stanford University at
Berkeley yesterday was a wildly excit
ing contest. Sensational and spectacu
lar plays were quite the order of the
day. The enthusiasm of the adherents
of the blue and gold and of the car
dinal knew no bounds. But it took the
national football rules committee in
New York to tell that Stanford won the
game by a score of 6 to B.
For a long time there was a dispute
over the validity of a certain peculiar
play, on which the cardinal's score de
pended, and when the game was over
no one knew who had won. The Call
immediately telegraphed to the football
rules committee in New York and ob
tained the ruling which gives the vic
tory to the "babies" of Stanford. The
spectators got all the entertainment
they could expect to find at a football
contest. •
The cardinal can boast of the hero of
the day. His name is Fenton. He was
ever in the thickest of the battle. His
kicking saved Stanford from certain
defeat. His running and hurdling when
he had the ball were sensational
enough to bring the rooters of Califor
nia to their feet. Three times he leaped
over the heads of men who were at
tempting to bring him down. He kept
his head in moments when more expe
rienced men would have failed. He was
bruised and trampled upon until the or
dinary boy would have begged to be
taken to a hospital, and yet he con
tinued to run and plunge and tackle,
while he encouraged his followers. As
the doubtul play has been decided in
Stanford's favor, little Fenton deserves
all the glory, for it was he who turned
the trick in the cardinal's hour of need.
; CROWD COMES EARLY.
YesterdayV game was the formal
dedication of ¦ California field. •¦ The
weather was perfect for the spectators,
although it was rather hot for. the play
ers. The sun shone warmly, the air
was clear and white and fleecy clouds
were floating across the sky. Back of
the grand stand rose the massive hills,
giving the scene an appearnce of ma
jesty and grandeur.
For more than an hour before the
game commenced a thick, black stream
of humanity was making its sluggish
course up the slopes from the gymna
sium. The trees and the tops of the
houses around the fenced gridiron were
swarming with -eager youngsters.
Wherever the workmen had failed to
make the fence boards fit there was a
small mob fighting for the peephole.
The gates were Jammed with people
struggling to enter, for there were no
reserved seats, and . those • who came
first secured the points of vantage. Be
tween the gates and the entrances to
the front of the grand stand the way
was littered with lumber, Y tools and
other debris left by the builders. While
one picked his way across this litter he
was entertained by the steady chink
arid thug of American coin as the box
office clerks swept it into their yawn
ing treasure chests.
All was color and life on the grand
stand. Over here solid, masses of peo
ple were shouting "California" until
they grew' hoarse. Over there the
cheery cardinal was waving riotously
in the breezes, while * the band from
Stanford . discoursed the patriotic mu
sic of its alma mater. When President
Jordan- crossed the" checkered field and,
picking up a spade, threw earth across
the : : chalk 'lme, • 'there " 'was . much v en-:
CAPTAIN FENTON
PROVES THE HERO
OF THE OCCASION
The same evening the Russian com
mander gave imperative orders to re
occupy Endotiula. The Zaraisk regi
ment, without firing a single shot,
marched under cover of darkness and
bayoneted several battalions of the
Japanese, many of whom died as they
slept. A few Japanese escaped and
sought shelter In stacks of Chinese
corn, but the Russians, carried away
by the frenzy of revenge, rushed upon
the survivors and literally t<jre up their
bodies with bayonets. The Russians
then rolled themselves in the Japanese
blankets. The next morning the Japa
nese again shelled out the regiment,
while their artillery came on at a run
and secured a position east of the rail
road.
Again General Kuropatkin ordered
the Russians to retake the position,
but the efforts of his troops were in
vain. The Russains could not reach
the Japanese trenches, so withering
was the Japanese fire, and only a few
returned where companies had
charged. The companies in some
cases were commanded by sergeants
after the officers had fallen. One offi
cer, his face streaming with blood,
limped up to the general, who was
furious.
"Where is your company?" asked
the general.
"This is all that la left of it." re
plied the officer. "It was like a
slaughter-house."
The artillery fight on Wednesday
¦was the fiercest of the war. The Jap
anese handled their guns superbly and
chose splendid positions. Their guns
seemed to have every range measured.
They would concentrate the fire of 200
guns first on one place and then on
another. Some of the Russian regi
ments were literally shot to pieces.
The bombardment reached a climax
at 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when
the Japanese tried to envelop and
brenk through the Russian left wing.
MUKDEN, Oct. 15.— One of the blood
iest episodes of the desperate fighting
between the Shakhe River and Tentai
during the last three days occurred at
the village of Endotiula, west of the
railroad, and on the neighboring
heights east of the railroad. The Japa
nese had been driven out of these po
sitions with terrible losses, but on Octo
ber 13 they concentrated such a mur
derous artillery fire on the village that
it became necessary for the Russians
to withdraw, the railroad, however, be
ing held.
Thus a Ixme Survivor Describes Anni
hilation of Ills Company. v
"LIKE A SLAUGHTER-HOUSE."
of Mukden are crowded with wound
ed. The Red Cross field hospitals have
mobilized all their forces. There is a
great lack of bandaging material.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 16, 2 a. m.—
Jill accounts agree that the battle of
Liaoyang is already being overshad
owed in fierceness and the number of
casualties by that of Mukden. It is
now the sixth day of desperate fight-
Ing and the issue is still in the balance.
The feeling in St. Petersburg is one
of extreme gloom and depression. The
lack of official news, the undoubted re
trogression from General Kuropatkin s
aggressive movement and the enor
mous Russian losses in men and guns,
compared with the optimistic reports
from Tokio, all combine to prepare the
public for anything 6hort of a total
rout of the Russians. Nevertheless, the
reports <~<f the newspaper correspond
ents at the front, while admitting. the
heavy losses of the Russian troops and
their retreat beyond Shakhe, describe
the Eoldiers as fighting with undimin-
Ished ardor. One dispatch even hints
at extremely encouraging news from
the eastern flank, but counsels patience
and official confirmation before accept
ing It as true.
There is a noteworthy absence of bit
terness against General Kuropatkin.
and the belief is prevalent that he was
compelled to assume the offensive. A
majority of the people are inclined to
regard him as a victim of circum
stances, and all admire the skillful
manner in which he again removed his
forces as soon as he realized the dan
ger of pressing the advance. The re
port that he personally assumed com
mand of three divisions in order to
cover the retreat finds widespread
credence.
THE result of the game Is perfectly satisfactory to me. I
thought from the first that Referee Fiekert's decision should
be accepted. The California eleven did splendid work and I .
am glad they were so successful. It was not a defeat of which she
should be in any way ashamed. These freshman games are always
uncertain and sometimes much the better team will lose Its spirit
and the contest after some reverse. Stanford played creditable foot
ball as far as I could observe. Personally I enjoyed the game and
look forward to next year's struggle with unabated interest. I do .
not wish to criticize the playing of either team and I believe that
to-day's contest was an unusually good exhibition of freshman foot
ball.
losses in front of General
Kuroki are estimated at 20,
000 men.
TOKIO, Oct. 16, 9 a. m.—
The latest advices are that
the Russians left 4500 dead
in front of General Kuroki's
army alone. The Russian
President Wheeler Prond of Playing on Both Sides
Fenton' kicked' and Riley returned
punts until the ball was on Califor
nia's twenty-yard line. Then occurred
the sensational play which gave Stan
ford, the game. A. few minutes later,
after the kickoff, the referee called
time with ! the ball on the Blue and
Gold forty- five-yard line. The second
half opened with plenty of kicking.
After ten minutes of play and as many
kicks, the ball was California's on her
own flfty-yard line. Riley bucked
center for five yards, Golcher made
four through right guard, Sperry got
seven through left tackle " and then
Golcher made a - spectacular run ¦ of
thirty yards around his opponents' left
end. •'
Stanford held for downs andFenton
kicked; back twenty-five yards. : The
ball worked back to "center after sev
eral exchanges of punts. Then ' Golch
er. made twenty yards on a fake kick.
There ,was another exchange of ; punts
PUNTING IS FREQUENT.
The cardinal started the game with
a fifty-yard kick to Kendall, who came
back fifteen. Riley punted to center,
and after the line-up Fenton kicked
back twenty-five yards. Riley fumbled
In the first rush and Stanford got the
ball. Fenton punted outside for five
yards in return. After a preliminary
rush Riley kicked to Stanfords' twenty
yard line and Fenton sent'the ball back
to center.
Snowden, Sperry and Riley went
right at the Cardinal and worked the
ball down to their opponents'-seven
yard line in fifteen plays. Here Stan
ford held for downs and Fenton kicked
out of danger. Tomasini secured the
pigskin on a fumble and Fenton forth
with kicked 'to the middle chalk line
without a rush. California made a
few yards on line bucks and then
Riley punted twenty yards. Stanford
kicked back twenty-five yards and
California worked in a punt which
rolled almost to the Cardinal goal line.
Riley got through, blocked Fenton's
punt and fell on the ball for a touch
down. After Riley got over his. first
flush of pleasure at being a hero and
his comrades had ceased cavorting,
Richardson tried for the goal and
missed.
Stanford kicked forty yards after
the line-up. Kendall caught the punt
and came back ten. The Blue and
Gold failed to make their distance and
punted. S Fenton booted the ball back
twenty-five yards and after a prelim
inary rush California kicked way
down the field. Stanford called for a
kick, but the signals -were misin
terpreted and the ball went spinning
back toward the Cardinal goal. A
Stanford man fell on it and Fenton
kicked out of danger from his seven
yard line. ¦ Jordan, California's right
end, distinguished himself by catching
two Blue and Gold men behind, the
line in succession Immediately after
the pigskin had changed hands on
downs. ¦ 'X'^' :: - • ' -.>¦?)- Ji
ends a splendid chance to distinguish
themselves. Stanford had a trifle bet
ter team work than her rival. The
tackling was a credit to both elevens
and to their coaches. There was but
little grasping of arras or heads to stop
runners, and besides saving injuries it
was much prettier and more effective.
The California backs were speedier and
kept their feet better. The biggest part
of the blue and gold line was stronger
than that of the cardinal, and this pre
vented the visitors from gaining ground
by bucking. Tomasini had rather the
better of Stow and Koerner, and Over
man had the opposing ends guessing
frequently, but otherwise the Stanford
line was working against odds.
California made a big. gain on a fake
kick, but few other tricks were tried
and none others proved successful.
There were but two penalizations, one
for offside and one for interfering with
a' fair catch. The men on both teams
were in poor condition, which, aided by
the hot weather, made the game go
Blow along; toward:,tha:..last. > Hough
work was seen occasionally. Coe. the
cardinal's center, was ruled off for
slugging. The officials performed their
work creditably. The annual freshman
game is always an uncertainty, as the
players generally are not in good condi
tion and do not remain steady at crit
ical moments. Yesterday's contest was
better than an average freshman game.
California had better weight than Stan
ford, and this partly accounted for her
excellent showing in line bucking and
mass plays.
STANFORD KICKS OFF.
Thousands Left
Dead Upon Field
During Retreat
LOSS OF THE CZAR'S
ARMY IS APPALLING
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct.
16, 2 a. m.— The latest ad
vices from the front bring
the story of the battle up to
Saturday morning, when the
fighting at Shakhe was re
newed with unabated vigor.
The Russians are holding
their position at Shakhe and
apparently neither they nor
the Japanese are able to ad
vance.
Slavs Make Final
Stand===Bloody
Battle Continues
War Bulletins
Kuropatkin Turns
Upon Pursuers at
the Shakhe River
v Continued on Pa^o 41, Column 5.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, _ OCTOBER 16, 1904.
Cardinal Freshmen Defeat Blue and Cold "Babies"
Pages 39 to 50
Pages 39 to 50
£ ! ! j.The postponed meeting of the San
Francisco Driving Association was
held yesterday at Tanforan race track.
A fair sized crowd watched the three
trotting v events. The feature of the
day was the, third race, for trotters of
the 2:20 class, the best two in three
heats; The test proved exciting, as
Kitty D and Even Dale • went \ three
close heats, Kitty finally winning. The
books made Kitty a 3 to 5 favorite in
the first heat, which she won after a
drive. The next heat was won by Even
Dale after a brush at the- finish. In
the final heat the books offered 2 to I
against the field, holding out Kitty.
A. Hoffman, the driver, simply kept the
little mare steady and she won clev
erly. '
' Much objection was made on the part
of owners to the entering of J J D in
the second race; for trotters of the 2:30
class, claiming that he should be en
tered with faster horses. They finally
consented to let him start. Dan L, at
3 to 1, easily captured the first heat,
but after that JJD showed to be the
class. He won the next two heats in
TWO JUDGMENTS SET
ASIDE BY SUPREME COURT
hollow fashion. The books made him
an odds-on favorite in the three heats.
William O'Kane's Billy M. at short
odds, won the opening race in two
straight heats. He was driven by his
owner. Jim was an easy second. Sum
mary:
First race, trotting; 2:35 class:
Billy M (O'Kanej.... 1 1
Jim (Donovan) 2 2
Lawrence (Wolff) 3 3
Chatterbox (Werner) 4 4
Jennie Black (Gleason) 5 5
Time— 2:35, 2:35U-
Second ce, trotting; 2:30 class:
J J D (Donovan 3 11
Bes*le (Verilhac) 2 2 3
Dan L. (Green) .16 8
TufTy A (O'Brien) 3 3 4
Mission Boy 6 6 5
Time— 2:30, 2:29, 2:31.
Old Guy withdrawn after second
heat.
Third race, trotting; 2:20 class:
Kitty D (A. Hoffman) 1 2 1
Even Dale (Roberts) 2 1 2
King V (O'Kane) :. 4 3 3
Lady Falroae (Miller) ....;.... 3 4 4
Time— 2:20%. 2:21, 2:20.
Kitty D Outfoots Even Dale at Tanforan
The Indoor rifle, pistol and revolver
tournament for the championship of
the State In the three classes came to
a close last night at the gallery, 593
Mission street. Chris Meyer won the
rifle championship with a score of 701
out of a possible 750. S. E. Frahm
carried off the pistol honors, scoring
263 out of a possible 300. W. C.
Prlchard took the revolver champion
ship, his score being 256 out of a
possible 300.
.Marksmen Close Tournament.
Champion Trap Shot Is Dead.
UTICA. M. Y., Oct. 15. — E. D. Ful
ford. champion trap shot, died to-day
c? pneumonia.
Joe Gans has settled down to a
strenuous life at Shannon's Villa, San
Rafael, and from now on the great
colored boxer will put in his best ef
forts so that he may be in the best
possible condition on the night of the
31st instant. Britt will resume work
probably to-day, but just where he
bas not yet decided.
Gans is devoting all his time to road
work and will not enter the gymnasi
um till about the middle of next week.
He took two fifteen-mile runs yester
day and after a rubdown retired early.
He will start in again this morning
and keep up this sort of work till he
feels ready to begin boxing and other
work In the gymnasium. His man
ager, Al. Herford, 1b constantly at his
side to see that nothing goes wrong.
Jimmy Britt wants to train at Croll's
Gardens, Alameda, while brother Wil
lie insists that the Seal Rock House is
the greatest place in the world for a
boxer to condition himself. Jimmy
fears a hoodoo if he forsakes the gar
dens across the bay and is holding out
as long as possible. It will be definite
ly settled to-day and it looks as though
Jimmy's word will be law.
Herford is anxious to have the ref
eree question settled as soon as pos
sible. It seems this will be a knotty
problem to solve. Herford Insinuates
that he wants an Eastern man. but
Britt will hear nothing like that. No
names have as yet been proposed, but
It is certain a San Francisco man will
be chosen.
Sports Look for a Heated Debate
When Uie Referee Question
Is Brought Up.
The young ladies of the Golden Gate
Tennis Club played an exciting handi
cap singles tournament yesterday on
the park courts. The handicaps were
well arranged and most of the matches
were close. Play was completed down
to the finals, which will be played next
Saturday. Miss Sarah Van Vliet, the
clever young player from the Presidio,
who won the second class so easily,
and Miss Anabelle Vodden reached the
finals. Both were playing from "15"
back of scratch.
Miss Lulu Wegener was the most
heavily handicapped player and was
successful until she met Miss Van Vliet.
The scores:
First round— Miss A. Sea (30) biit
Miss H. Levlson (80) by default; Miss
D. Weed (15) beat Miss M. Worcester
(owe 8-6), 6-4, 2-6, 6-4; Miss A. Vod
den (owe 15) beat Miss Miss V. Bey
fuss (3-6), 6-3, 3-6. 7-5; Miss I. Mearns
(scratch) beat Miss A. Greenberg
(15 3-6), 6-4, 6-4; Miss L. Wegener (owe
15 3-6) beat Miss B. Gardner (15 3-6) by
default; Miss Cully (15 3-6) beat Miss
Valleau (owe 15 3-6) by default; Miss
G. Myer (scratch) beat Miss Hess (3-6)
by default; Miss Van Vliet (owe 16)
beat Miss Turner (30) by default.
Second round— Miss Weed (15) beat
Miss Sea (30), 6-4, 10-8; Miss Vodden
(15) beat Miss Mearns (scratch) by de
fault; Miss Wegener (owe 15 3-6) beat
Miss Cully (15 3-6), 6-3, 5-7, 8-6; Miss
Van Vliet (owe 15) beat Miss Myer
(scratch), 8-6, 10-8.
Semi-finals — Miss Vodden (owe 15)
beat Miss Weed (15); Miss Van Vliet
(owe 15) beat Miss Wegener (owe
15 3-6); fi-3, 8-6.
Miss Van Vliet and Miss Vodden Reach
the Final Round Though
Heavily Handicapped.
FAIR RACKET WIELDERS
PLAY EXCITING TENNIS
JOE GANS SETTLES DOWN
TO STRENUOUS TRAINING
On Friday Deputy Fish Commis
sioner C. B. Arditto arrested G. Peter
lin and Bert Littlefield near Amador
City for killing quail during the close
season. Both cases will be heard be
fore Justice Goldner of Jackson.
Deputy Fish Commissioner E3. F.
Binder of Riverside arrested C. K.
Patton for killing quail during the
close season. Just ; Stephenson fined
him $25.
On Thursday last Deputy Fish Com
missioner W. A. Burress of Amador
County arrested Charles Drasher for
killing quail during the close sason.
The defendant was taken before Jus
tice Rose.
Deputy F -h Commissioner M. T.
Tungate of Los Angeles County ar
rested J. F. Barry near Monrovia on
Wednesday last for killing quail dur
ing the close season.
On Thursday last Deputy Fish Com
missioner M. L. Cross arrested Frank
Ariota, buyer for the Western Fish
Company, 512 Merchant street, with
150 pounds of small striped bass in
his possession. The fish averaged
about half a pound in weight. Judge
Mogan fined him $50.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Arthur
S. Edv/ards of San JoaQuin County
arrested F. Alflda for night shooting
near Stockton. Justice Parker sen
tenced him to twenty-five days in jail.
Constable Lloyd Brown of Hydes
ville, Humboldt bounty, arrcrted L.
La Dohe at Scotin for killing ducks
during the close ser-on. Justice Deig
han fined him $25.
Breakers of Game Laws Throughout
State Are Heavily Fined by
Justices.
FISH AND BIKDS THAT
PROVE VERY EXPENSIVE
OPENING OF THE DUCK SEASON
PROVES AN AUSPICIOUS EVENT
Among the men who returned with
good strings of the feathered dainties
was W. O. Plageman. He brought thir
ty five fat sprig and mallard into town.
Another nimrod who shot near Alva
rado, B. S. Childs, brought home the
legal limit of fifty. J. Craglin secured
twenty, while William Beghun brought
The prophet who said that limit bags
were due on the opening day of the
duck season made good. In the early
morning the guns began to pop along
the marshes and the game birds began
to drop.
At Alvarado and Mount Eden splen
did bags were made in the early morn
ing. Later in the day the birds flew
high and were out of range.
The shooting was so good down the
Alvarado way that many enthusiasts
decided to remain last night for the
evening flight. Plenty of shells and
plenty of ducks look better to the
devotees of the sport than all the com
forts of home.
down thirty. H. Ahlers was out early
and secured the limit before breakfast.
The general opinion among the
sportsmen who returned last night was
that 'the opening of the season was
auspicious and that great sport is in
prospect once weather conditions settle.
SUISUN. Oct. 16.— The duck shoot
ing season opened, at daylight this
morning with a fusillade of shots on
the marshes. On some < of the pre
serves ducks were plentiful, while dn
others they were scarce. The recent
rains haVe caused the game to scatter.
•Compared with years; there
were but few San Francisco sportsmen
in evidence on the opening day. The
largest string reported was that of
William Pierce and W. S. Merrill, who
bagged sixty birds. Other strings were:
Dr, A. G. Bailey 21, L. H. Pimental
30, Walter Coper 33, Fred Chadbourne
13. Dr. B. P. Kemp 10. Good reports
are reported from the Pringle, Tomas
slni and Teal Gun clubs, which are
composed of San Francisco sportsmen.
The football game between Mission
and Ixwell High schools, played yes
terday, ended In a tie, neither side scor
ing. F-oth teams played as hard as if
the championship was at stake, and
ihe battle, although not particularly
interesting, was considerable of a slug
ging match.
After the game two of the opposing
players got into an argrument and came
to blows. The battle of fists, although
shorter than the game, proved of more
interest.
Th« feature of the same, aside from
the flstiouffs, was a seventy-five- yard
run made by La Coste of Mission, in
the first half. After passing every man
on the opposing team and reaching the
ten-yard line La Coste tripped and fell.
Monteagle, who was several yards be
hind, fell on him and Mission failed to
ecore.
The wearers of the pink and green
twice had the ball on their opponents'
live-yard line, but the Lowell boys
braced each time and Mission could not
score. Lowell never got closer than
twenty yards to Mission's goal. The
teams lined up:
Lowell. Position. Mission.
Pollak L. E. R Peeler
Duprey L. T. R Voorhies
Pierce L. G. R.Stafford (C.)
Young Center Trelton
Boxton R. G. L .Sutton
Tiscornia R. T. L Downing
Lynn .R. E. L Freeman
Roncovieri Quarter Lowrie
Cerf (C.) L. H. R TerriU
Busrnoli R. H. L Aitken
Monteagle Fullback La Coste
Score: Lowell 0. Mission 0.
Milwaukee — Wisconsin 8, Notre
Dame 0. Lexington — Kentucky
University 42, Central University 0.
Cincinnati— Cincinnati 46, Miami 0.
» 'bono. Maine — University of Maine 6,
New Hampshire State College. 0. Bur
lington, Vt. — University of Vermont 10,
St. Lawrence 0. Worcester, Mass. —
Holy Cross 34, Tufts College 0. New
ton, Mass.— Dartmouth 11, Williams 0.
Rochester — University of Rochester 6,
New University 5. Bethlehem — Lenlgh
o, Haverford 6. Easton — Lafayette 33,
Hloomsburg 0. Carlisle — Indians 100,
Albr'ght 0. Cambridge—Phillips-Exe
ter Academy 11; Harvard, freshmen, 0.
Delaware, Ohio — Ohio Wesleyan 22,
Oberlin 11. Washington — Georgetown
17, Vi'lanova 0. Des Moines— Drake 52,
Coe 0.
ITHACA, N. Y.. Oct. 15. — Cornell
to-day defeated Bucknell 24 to 12 in
a hard fought tjam<>.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 15— The Haskell
Indian football team outplayed the
Ivlissouri University eleven in every de
partment in the game to-day, scoring
almost at wilL
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 15.— The Uni
versity of Pennsylvania football team
defeated the Brown University eleven
to-day on Franklin field by a single
touchdown, which was scored early in
the first half.
SALT LAKE CITY, Oct. 15.— Utah 17.
Montana 0.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15. — Outplayed
at every point, Columbia's football
team was defeated 12 to 0 by Amherst
at American League Park to-day.
ANNAPOLIS. Md.. Oct. 15.— The
navy footballer*, so helplessly defeated
by their army rivals last year, to-dny
wonted the last year's college cham
l»ion«, the Princeton Tigers, the score
beiiis 10 to ». Douglass, the "Plebe"
mainstay of the navy, was put out of
the game by h broken leg.
WEtT POINT. N. Y.. Oct. 15. —
West Point was defeated at football
here to-day by Harvard. 4 to 0. In
the lirst half, as both sides had done
some fumbling, the bail was punted
to Prince of West Point on the seven
yard line. He returned the punt to
Harvard's 3 5 -yard line, where Noyes
caught the ball and tried for a fair
catch. He was interfered with, how
ever, anj the Harvard team was giv
en a trial for goal from placement
from ihis point. Parker kicked an
t-asy sroal and the score was Harvard
4, West Point 0.
In the second half Syracuse secured
ji goal from the field and later made
a touchdown.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Oct. 15. — Yale
defeated Syracuse this afternoon in a
s" nsational game by a score of 17 to
y. In the two halves there was as
complete reversal of play as if two dif
ferent games were fought out. In the
8>xond half Yale's line was dotted with
sulistitutes, whirl! made it ea?y for the
Syracuse team to penetrate for long
gains.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15. — The entire
racing stable of John A. Drake was
sold at Morris Park to-day. Ort Wells,
full brother to Dick Wells, the hold
er of the world's record for one mile.
was sold to W. M. Sheftel for $15,000
after some spirited bidding. Jocund
wtnt to John Hynes for $6100. Rapid
Water sold for $6000, M. L. Hayman
being the buyer. Green B. Morris paid
$4000 for High Chancellor.
Drake Stable Is Sold.
Reserve stake — False Alarm beat
Texas Black Lips, 6-2; Royal Spirit
beat Sunnybrook, 12-0; Queen's Motto
beat Spanish Lad, 9-3; General De Wet
beat Shadow, 5-4; Sherman beat Our
Motto. 13-2; Little Dainty beat Rusty
Anchor, 18-2; Texas Betty beat Bud
ding Rose, 17-8; Stingaree beat Jim
my Anthony, 5-3; . Moonbeam beat
Mark Twain, 7-5; Bob R. beat Aurelia.
6-4; Advance Guard beat Honiton, 9-4:
Ina Cissus beat Medley, 5-3; Helen
Hayes beat Wild Norah, 6-1; Story's
Sister beat Cassie W, 14-2; Paul Dun
bar beat Lulu Girl, 4-2; Real Pasha
beat Maid of the Glen, 5-2; Remisso
Animo beat Evea G, 12-2; Concord
Tralee beat Valley Brew, 3-0; Rush
Away beat Dartaway. 6-4; Frisco Lad
beat Agitator, 6-4; Glaucus beat Co
sette, 5-0; Mi Amigo beat John Heenan.
7-2; Luxury beat Star Sylvanus, 13-5;
Frank C beat Fearless Lad, 8-5; Jack
Short beat Hero, 7-0; The Delta beat
Una, 4-3; Angus Cissus beat Rich
Array, 11-3; Polka Dot beat Haughty
Helen, 4-0; Prompto beat Reckless
Rose, 7-1; Ready Address beat Texas
Hoo Hoo, 16-7; Golden Garter- beat
Young Klamath, 4-2; Confident beat
Big Klamath, 10-4.
Second round — Royal Spirit beat
False Alarm, 6-4; Queen's Motto beat
General DeWet, 18-2; Little Dainty
beat Sherman, .6-0; Stingaree a bye,
Texas Betty withdrawn; Bob R beat
Moonbeam, 10-6; Advance Guard beat
Ina Cissus, 4-2;' Story's Sister beat
Helen Hayes, 5-3; Real Pasha beat
Paul Dunbar, 9-2; Concord Tralee beat
Remisso Animo, 4-1; Frisco Lad beat
Rush Away, 4-1; Glaucus beat Mi
Amigo, 10-2; Frank C beat Luxury.
8-1; The Delta beat Jack Short, 5-0;
Polka Dot beat Angus Cissus, 5-0;
Prompto a bye. Ready Address with
drawn; Confident beat Golden Garter,
9-6.
Unusually strong hares xnad« ezett
lng trials In the coursing yesterday at
Union Park. An unusual number of
hares made good their escape. While
the public choices were uniformly suc
cessful there were several upsets In
form which made the pikers happy.
The talent Installed False Alarm a 1
to 7 choice over Royal Spirit. The
latter won by a score of 6 to 4. Ina
Cissus, a 1 to 6 choice, lost to Ad
vance Guard. Golden Garter was beat
en by Confident at the same odds.
Moonbeam defeated Mark Twain at 1
to 4; Helen Hayes beat Wild Norah
at 2 to 1 and Luxury beat Star Syl
vanus at 3 to 1.
There Is no decided choice In tha
overnight betting on the class stake.
McVey and Tom King are held at 5
to 1, Miss Brummel and Charter Mem
ber at 6, Lost Chord at 7, Full Moon
and Friendless Boy at 10. ,
Frank C and Little Dainty have been
heavily played to win the reserve
stake. A forty-eight-dog class stake
will be run In its entirety to-day, to
gether with the remaining rounds of
the reserve event. The day's results
with Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores
fellow:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 15<— Twenty
thousand persons, by far the largest
number which has been seen at the
fall meeting here, witnessed the note
worthy triumphs of Good and Plenty,
Artful and Shorthose to-day in their
respective races.
There were only four starters for
the Woodlawn^Vase, Shorthose, Gun
fire, Africander and Ostrich. At the
end of the first circuit Odom sent
Shorthose on and well along the back
stretch the purple Jacket moved to
the front, it being Odom's evident de
sire to maintain a strong pace so that
Gunfire could not outrun in the sprint.
All along the back stretch Gunfire was
under a steady pull. Shorthose led by
several lengths around the last turn,
but Shaw had relaxed his pull on Gun
fire and she was coming on. She came
down the center of the course about
two lengths behind Shorthose. About
a furlong from the finish Shorthose
suddenly swerved a trifle to the out
side, but Gunfire was not near enough
to be affected by it. With Shaw do
ing his best to nurse his fast tiring
mare home, Shorthose passed the
judges about one and a half lengths
in front of his game competitor. Afri
cander was third and Ostrich last-
Artful, carrying the heavy impost of
130 pounds, won the White Plains
handicap over the Eclipse Course. She
made a new world's record for six fur
longs, by covering the distance In 1:08,
which is a quarter of a second faster
than the best previous time, made by
Sandria on October 8. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; purse; two
year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
8 to 1— Jim Beattle, 109 (O'Neill) 3 13 12
5 to 1— The Claimant. 106 (Shaw) 1 2 3 2 n
5 to 1— My Buela, «9 (W. Davis) 2 4 h 3 1
Time, 1:14 8-5. Start poor. Won cleverly.
Winner. C. A. Alnwlck's b. c. by Handell-
Sweet Tooth. Sufferance, Lady Henrietta,
Myopia, Buttling, also ran.
SECOND RACE: — Three and a half miles;
the Sixth Champion steeplechase; for four
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Good & Plenty. 154 (Ray) 7 2 3 1 l*a
7 to 1— Wool gatherer, 163 (Glgr) 8 4 % 2 4
10 to 1— Rag.Cavaler.165 (Fngn) 2 5 1 3 6
Time. 7:15. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
T. Hitchcock's b. g. by Roxlngton-Famlne.
Ivan. Zlnzabar. Mystic Shrlner, Chelro, Collgny
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Eclipse course; White PlalM
handicap: two- year -olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
[ 2 to 1— Artful. ISO (Hlldebrand) 1 12 1 \Vt
13 to 5— Dandelion. 101 (Phillips) 2 2 2 2 h
, 7 to 2— Glorlfler. J22 (Gannon)., 4 S 2 3 4
. I Time, I:p8: Start good. Won .easily. Wln
'ner. H. "B. Duryea'B b. filly by Hamburg-Mar
tha- II. Gamara. Augur, Calrngorn, Brilliant,
finished as named.
I i FOURTH RACE — Eclipse course; maiden
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— D'Arkle. 104 (W. Davis) 2 1111
10 to 1— BUI Bailey 11.119 (Rdfrn) 3 2 2 2 h
6 to 5— Oxford, 107 (H. Cochrane) 6 6 13 2
Time, MhtO. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S. Pa«et's b. e. by Arkle-Dareka. Pres
tige. Raiment, Rossbourne, Priority, White
Marsh, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Oct. 15. — Bad News,
cleverly ridden by Elmer Helgesen,
scored one of the most brilliant vic
tories of his career by winning the
Columbia Handicap to-day at Worth.
He crossed the winning line two
lengths in the lead of a field of the
best horses in training in the West.
Brancas was second, getting the place
honors by a neck after a desperate
race with Miss Crawford. The other
five starters were badly strung out at
the finish.
Bad News opened an 8 to 5 favorite,
but the Dublic seemed dubious about
his ability to go one and a quarter
miles and backed Huzzah from 4 to 1
to 3 to 1. Bad News' odds meanwhile
soared to 13 to 5, nevertheless he was
the actual favorite at post time. Off
to a good start, Helgesen took Bad
News right to the front and, running
easily, he maintained that position
throughout. The distance was cov
ered In the g-ood time of 2:08 flat, an
excellent performance in view of Bad
News' impost of 123 pounds.
Jade, at 20 to 1, surprised the spec
tators by running away from the best
two-year-olds at the track in the sec
ond event. Summary:
FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and up: -
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
11 to 5— K. of the Valley.llKMdr) 1 7 3 1 n
13 to 1— Four Leaf C.106 (Jenkns) 7 2 3 2 3
6 to 1 — Barkelmore, 109 (Harris) A 6 nk 3 h
Time. 1:42 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. A. Sykes* br. g. (4) by Wadsworth-
Dresden. Sarilla 111, Soldier of Fortune 110.
My Jane 109. Miss Melton 107. Zyra 106, Mara
schino 111. Idogo 116, Taxman 109, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
17 to 1— Jade, 10O (Shaver) 3 13 13
13 to 10— Kurtimann, US (Nicol). 2 4 1%2 h
12 to 1— Silver Skin, 108 (Domk) 1 3 h 3 h
Time. 1 :01. Start fair. Won easily. Winner,
Dernham & Weiss' b. f. by Henry of Navarre-
Lady Onward. Cutter 110, The Belle 110,
Michael Byrnes 105 Harem Scarum 100. Anga
lotta 103. Woodclalm 100, Subtle 101, finished
as named. .
THIRD RACE — One and a quarter miles;
Columbia Handicap; three- year-olds and up
ward:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
13 to S — Bad News. 123 (Helgsn) 4 1 2%l 2
10 to 1— Brancas. 103 (Oliphant). « 6 1ft2h
10 to 1 — MtssCrawf rd. 112 (Nicol) 5 2 h 3 2
Time, 2:Ot5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. R. Bradley's br. g. (4) by Flying
Dutchman-Black Sleeves. Reservation 115.
Fonsoluca 98, Huzzah 100. Prince SUverwlngs
102, Port Royal 102, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; handicap;
all ares:
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
9 to 2— MJohnson. 97 (Mclntyr) 3 1 2 1 h
15 to 2— Ahola. 92 (Shaver) 2 5n 2 1
5 to 1— Clgarlighter. SS (Lnnon) 6 4 'i 3 2U
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. L. Marion & Co.'s b. g. (5) by G.
W. Johnson-Daybreak. The Crisis 105, Man
sard 103 Delagoa 121, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Two miles; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Charlie Miller. S3 (Hfmn) 3 2 3 16
4 to 1 — Excentral. 83 (Jenkins).. 4 3 l\t,2 1
11 to 6 — Molakoff 95 (Watson)... 1 11 3 2*4
Time, 3:37 1-5. Start good. Won easily. Wln
r.er, W. M. Walker's b. g. (3) by HammonJ-
Superba. The Way 106 also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Coruscate. lOSCRomanell!) 2 2 3 12
12 to 6 — Copperfleld. 106 (Troxler) 3 4 5 2 n
14 to 6— Walnamolnen, 104 (Nicol) 4 113 7
Time. 1:40 2-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, H. J. Perry & Co.'s ch. t. (4) by Chorister-
Royal Gem. King Ellsworth 107, Postman 101,
Pearl Diver 101, finished as named.
Time, 1:14%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. E. Burnett's br. f. by Ingoldsby-Admlt
tance. Three starters.
FIFTH RACE — Two and a quarter miles on
Withers course; Morris Park weight for age
race; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
8 to S — Short hone, 124 (Odom).. 2 2 5 1 1U
8 to 2— Gunfire. 121 (Shaw) 3 4 2 2
3 to 1 — Africander, 124 (O'Nell).. 4 8 % 34
Time, 8:58 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, Goughacres Stables' br. c. by Ath
ellng-Mlss Glennon. Ostrich also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles; thr^e-year-olds and up:
Hettlng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 ».o H — Carbuncle. 106 (Redfrn) 16 12
9 to 20— M0II7 Brant. 126 (Lyne) 2 3 h 2 H
8 to 1— Green Crest, 08 (Hllde) 3 2 h 3 1
Time, 2:02. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. R. I. Wilson Jr.'s b. g. by Stuyvesant-
Garnet Proceeds. Tom Lawson. finished as
named.
Winner Hooks Up In a Hard Drive
With Anne Davis.
LAURKL STAKES FOR ICE WATER.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 16. — Ice Water
won the Laurel Stakes, worth $1800,
in a hard drive to-day with her stable
companion, Anne Davis, at Delmar
Park. The favorites had a fair day.
The weather was clear and the track
fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Two-year-olds; mile and 70
yards:
Betting. Hor.i* WclRht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Tangible. 105 (Dlckson).. 7 3 2 12
• 7 lo 1— Phlora. US (Lindsey) 3 1 ns 2 I
20 to 1— Madoc. 100 (Post) 2 2 2 3 ns
Time. li-IO 1 .^. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. C. Sperling's br. m. (6), by Trls
tan-Spaldle. Imboden 104, Hickory Corners
102. Lyrist 99. Second Mate 110. Trogan 98.
Sanctlsalrna 107, Jollier 93. Birdie Stone 102.
Harry K 102. finished as named. ".¦¦
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; Laurel Han
dicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
•6 to 5— Icewater. 107 (Munro)... 4 4 1%1 h
•6 to 5 — Anne Davis. 98 (Austin). 3 th 23
5 to 1— Malster. 107 (W. Dugran) 2 (i^3h
Time, 1:14%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. P. Hayes & Co.'s ch. m. (5) by Water
cress-Suscol. Miss Mae Day 112, Sylvia Tal
bot 114. Frank Bell 100. finished as named.
•Coupled in betting.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-old« and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5— Foot Favorite. 100 (Dcksn) 1 1 n 11
1> to 5 — Commodore, 113 (Dugan). 4 22 2 1
8 to 1 — Autolight, 104 (Austin)... 2 3 2 3 2
Time, 1:4"V4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. A. Gay's b. t. (3) by Lamplighter-
Performance. Flora WUloughby 97. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 1— Ivernla, 106 (Seder) 3 12 13
10 to 1— Miss Eon, 102 (Dlckson). 4 6 2 2 h
2 toi— Bengal. 102 (S. DUon).. 2 4 ft 3 2
Time, 1:47. Start good: Won easily. Win
ner. S. V. Abels & Co.'s ch. m. (S) by St.
Leonardi-Qneenston. Pierce J 100, Check Mor
gan 98, Dr. Kler 105. Gavllghter 110. The He
brew 08. Reglna O 03, finished ax named.
SECOND RACE — Two-year-olds; five and a
half furlongs:
Bettlns. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Trtx White. 104 (Munroe) 2 11 13
3 to 1— Wakeful. 99 (Rice) 8 3 % 2 %
6 to 1— Ollie Brntt, 104 (MrMlln) 4 2 fe 3 2
Time. 1:08%. Start Rood. Won easily. Win
nar. Hlckey Bros.' b. f. (2), by Box-Fannle
Taylor. Opinion 09, Lady Lou 103, Jack
Moran 99. Passive 102. Sandbath 103. De
Orammont 103, Kathryn 100. finished as
named. 1 ¦'-:-.',
SEVENTH RACE— Three-year-old* and up;
six and a half furlongs :
Betting. Horse. Welfrht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Plckaway. 102 (Rice)... 4 12 lh
R to 1 — Crime. 102 (Thomer) . . . 10 4 '4 2 ns
If. to 1— St. Daniel, 110 (Munro). 0 2^ 32
Time, 1:22. Start good. Won driving". Win
ner, A. J. Jackson's ch. g. (4) by Piccolo-Mar
c«lla. Mlndora 105. Ben Lear 107, Whiskers
\<yt, Tom Rowe 102, Avoid 102, Alice Turner
102, Fltxbrlllar 105, R. Q. Smith 102. finished
as named. : v-'
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-olds:
Benin*. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St.. % Fin.
5 to 2— Kdith May. 90 (Dlckson). . 3 11 14
S to 2 — Bradcn, 113 (D. Austin).. 2 3 2 4
9 to 5 — Arlena. 110 (Cheatham) . . 125 3
Out-«d*« appetite. Gilt Edge Whisker. Ton' 11
havp both. If you have either. Wlchman.
Lutgen & Co.. 29-31 Battery »t., 8. F. •
YALE LOWERS COLORS
OF SYRACUSE ELEVEN
MISSION AND LOWELL
PLAY SCORELESS GAME
Bert Jones '.made his companions of
bygone days look like a bunch' of'for
lorn tramps yesterday' at Recreation
Park. For the full limit of nine rounds
they kept swinging and swinging away
at that ball. Jones refused to be hit.
and not a runner could sneak over the
pan by any device, for the pitcher was
getting perfect support all- this time
and he walked no one to first. . Score,
Oakland 2, San Francisco 0. \ '••:•' •}
Pretty baseball marked each and
every- round. The game lacked sensa
tional incidents, but :the; play was
steady all the time and at that several
hard chances were accepted by ttiein-.
fielders and one hair-raising catch was
made by Dunleavy. Schafley-commit
ted the only offense, but it did not
counf in the score.
Poor Jack McCarthy is a nervous
wreck from the treatment he received
by the hostile . northern '¦. fans ind he
refused to get into the game. He told
Harris his nerves were all out of com
mission and that he had no confidence
in his decisions and lacked control of
the players. So as a last resort Jimmy
Buchanan and Jimmy Whalen were
sent in to do the fine work. Their
decisions were about perfect and no
one dared open his face to protest.
Wheeler pitched elegant ball, but
the Commuters took advantage of a
little chance in the seventh round and
brought the only two runs over the
plate. Devereaux, the first man up,
was bumped on top of the coke with
a fast one. He was out for a moment,
but finally got back into the running,
though still in a foggy condition.
CLEVELAND. O.. Oct. 15. — Barpey Oldfleld won two races from Earl
Kiser this afternoon on the Glehvllje track. "during the automobile meet
ing given by the Cleveland Driving Park Company. The first race was
a standing start, ten-mile affair, and in this Oldfleld established, a ivew.
world's record, putting the mark down to. 9:17 1-5 and beating Kiser by
over three-quarters of a mile. In th« five-mile race, flying start, Oldfield
grot off In front and was never headed, winning by a quarter of a mile in
4:43 3-5. Four other races were. run. but nothing sensational in fast time
was made. .' ¦
OldfWd's fastest miles were the second and third in. the ten-mile race,
h* negotiating each of these in 53 3-5 seconds. J ¦
STANDING' OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. | W. L. Pet.
Tacotna ...46 "26 .K53 Oakland ..3(J 86 .500
Seattle 3« 34 .S3* 'San Fran.. 31 40 .437
Los Ang...35 31 .&30' Portland ..26 40 .361
The - Seals n*ver had a peep in. J
Their'. four hits were all scattered and
did^ no damage. ' Van Buren opened
the- ninth with a safe drive to center,
but' Hildebrand forced him. Hilde got
.down on a wild pitch, but died there
because no one 'swung through with
the ; necessary hit. The Commuters
stole bases at will on young Poultney.
They made no -runs by this ¦ process,
though . they came dangerously near;
tallying several times. The score:
San Francisco — . Oakland —
A.B. R. J H. P.A. A.B. R. H. P. A.
V'anBr.lb 4.0 1 18 0 Ganley.rf 4 0 12 0
Hildeb.lf 30 0 2 0 Frn'cks.s 4 0 113
Waldn,cf 4 0,120 Dnlvy.lf 30210
Meany.rf 3 . O © 2 0 3chlfly.2b 3 0 0 2 3
IrwJn.Hb' 3 0 10 1 Krufrr.cf 4 0 12 0
Andsn,2b 3 0 0 0 6 Strelb.lb 4 0 0 12 3
Gochnr.s 3 0 0 14 Devrx,3b 2 10 12
Poultny.c 3 0 0 3 1 Stark, c 3 1 1 4 1
Wheelr.p 8 0 11 3Jones. p 3 0 1 2 3
Totals. 29 0 4 24 161 Totals. 30 2 T 27 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco ..00000000 0 — 0
Base hits 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1—4
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 x— 2
BasehlU 1 0 0 1 2 1 2 0 x— 7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Kruger 2, FTancks, Dunleavy,
Ganley. Waldron. Van Buren. Error—Schlaf
ley. Two-base hit — Jones. Sacrifice hits —
Meany, Jones. First base on error — San Fran
cisco. First base on called balls— Oft Wheeler.
3. Left on bases— San Francisco 4, Oakland
8. Struck out — By Wheeler 8, by Jones 3.
lilt by pitcher— Devereaux. Passed ball —
Poultney. Wild pitch — Jones. Time of came —
1 hour 40 minutes. Umpires — Whalen and Bu
chanan. . ¦'¦ . '
Stark dropped a twister at the pan
and barely beat Poultney's wing to
first Jones came along with a sacri
fice, sending" both men up. The San
Francisco infield then got in close to
catch the next man at the plate. Gan
ley lined a fast one to Gochnauer. He
juggled for a second, Just long enough
to let Devereaux get to the plate. Gan
leywas thrown 'out at first and Stark
got as far as third. Francks' hot drive
to ' Gochnauer a second later scored
Stark with the last one of the game.
Fearless Motorist Is Never
Headed at Cleveland:
Winner of Futurity
Establishes New
Race Mark.
Bad News Is Landed
First at Post by
Helgesen.
Seals' Efforts to Coax Run Home Are Futile.
Wheeler Hits Devereaux With Pitched
.',;.¦ Ball;; in? Seventh and Two Tallies Follow
An Unusual Number Hake
Good Their Escape on the
Union Coursing Park Held
World's Record for Duryea's Artful
OLFIELD'S DARING
OVERWHELMS KISER
HARES OUTFOOT
FLEET HOUNDS
Jones Makes Former Pals-
Look Like Bush Leaguers
BARNEY OLDFIELD DEFEATS EARL KISER IN WORLD'S RECORD TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1904.
Only tour mort s*U date* for cheap tickets
to the Fair— Oct. 10th. 20th, 26th and 27th.
For particulars relative to making trip over
Northern Pacific Railway, tee TV K. Stateler,
•Teneral Agent, 647 Market «t., 8. F. ¦ •
Last Chance to See, World's Fair.
¦ Eugene P. Bert, president of the
Pacific - Coast Baseball League, and
James F. Morley, manager of the Los
Angeles team, have been selected a
committee of two to attend the meet
ing of the National Association of
Minor Leagues at New York com
mencing on the 25th' Instant. The Call
fornians will go East to fight for this
league and try and gain some conces
sions.
They will strive to have the drafting
process extend from November 1- In
stead of September 1. and an attempt
will also be made to- raise the prices
of the drafted players from $750 to
$1500 in this league and make the en
tire sum payable on May 1 following.
The Calif ornians will also attempt to
arrange several minor differences. . . '
Attempt Will Be Made to Arrange Sev
eral Changes in the System of
Drafting Players.
MORLEY AND BERT WII/L
FIGHT FOR COAST LEAGUE
the pleas set up by the defendant.
Reverses Decisions of Lower Bench
Owing to Faulty Instructions
; by - Judges.
The Supreme '¦ Court yesterday ' re-
I versed the decision of the lower court
j In the case of Mary .'J. O'Connor
i against the Grand Lodge of the An
j cient Order of United Workmen. The
i suit, for $1000 on the beneficiary pol
j icy of her son, R. J. McKeon, was
j awarded to the plaintiff and the de
; fendants appealed on the' ground that
j McKeon had made wrong answers to
j the medical . examiner's questions. The
i Superior Judge erred in instructing
! the jury and the appeal was sustained.
The appeal from Judgment and
from the denial of a new trial, made
by W. H. Wells, convicted of assault
j with a deadly weapon and sentenced
; to one year in the County Jail, was
. sustained by the Supreme Court' on
the ground that the lower court erred
in giving instructions. The instruc
tions consisted in denning. the ques
i tions of insanity, which was ' one of
Another Handicap for Claude.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. IB.— Elm
Ridge racing results:
First race, six f urlpnprs, selling —
Sweet Tone won. Our Llllle second,
Great Mogul third. Time, 1:17%.
Second race, six furlongs, selling-
Del Carina won. Swedish Lad sec
ond, Mart Gentry third. Time, 1:16%.
Third race, five furlongs — Sir An
drew won, Ericula second, Joe Goss
third. Time. 1:O4J4.
Fourth race. Hotel Baltimore Han
dicap, one and a. quarter miles —
Claude won, Bragg second, Alma Du
four third. Time. 2:11.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling—
Dargin won, Josette second, Mar i tana
third. Time, 1:17#.
Sixth race, one and a Quarter miles,
selling — Bugle Horn won, Plautus sec
ond, Colonel Ballentine third. Time,
2:13. . :;
40
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*
Trunks, Suit Coses
and Leather Goods
In unlimited styles and vari-
eties at the right price, New
and up-to-date goods con-
stantly arriving. Our goods
are always dependable. Don't
fail to call on us when you
are interested.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, near Powell.
WEAK MEN
A S13 BOMS TBEATM2HTT PBEE
For 10 days* trial and approval.
3;*J /ZZ-oinut \acuura treat
3V\*n fwXs niPnt wln ditwm,
1^fi&J^2^ ° AHD SKIBOl
Ka'4ft>jifH* «* AjrD mi^Y he.
i»r sflij . Z STOB2 the riai
9 QN?y,'ly« and Tiooa 01
V Tur i)l'l3 a TOUTH. It Is alsi
14 ¦• N* >li' I 3 C -the ¦ only positive
S «niiABctt:ll > * means known 11 hict
»^__!Ls=** - wU1 fully fnia "«
jK£5332rPTT2*3 and completely d^
EMSTHhTag^ryiUftfl velop thg organs
f^Y'PfOfCCT URr-fHRAL MCPCATK^fM *^>
Used with our Soluble Medicate J v Ur«-
thral Crayons, quickly cures all drains 61
discharges. Stricture. Premature 'Decay
weak or Irritable Prostate Gland. - etc
For Varicocele we combine our special
STJSPEXSOBY and COltPaESSOB. Don 1
fail to investigate this. Our physicians
are known to be strictly reliable and ex
perienced specialists and euro CLOOI
FOZSO2I and all dlsea^ of meuby mod
ern methods. Don't d^ay.. -Exarainatio*
and demonstration free.' For our VAC
inns DEVEliOPEU or our special treat
ments call at our office only for the pres-"
cnt. SO NOT -WTtlTX— CAX.Ii. Hours
9 to 9; Sundays. 10 to I. KXAX.TH AP
VUAMCZ C0MPA2TT. 6 O'Farrtll street
A D VERTISEMENTS.
In the fall of 1895 that fear-
ful disease, Blood Poison. It gained such
headway that I was forced to resign my
position and seek relief at Hot Springs.
After spending all the means I hadl went
to Memphis. In less than three weeks I
was in a hospital, and after nine weeks of
suffering I \ras discharged as cured. In
less than a month every bone in my body
seemed to be affected and felt as if they
would break at the least exertion. Again
I was compelled to resign, and I returned
to the hospital for a seven weeks stay.
When I came out I was advised to try
farming. When I first went on the farm I
prevailed on the only firm who handled
drugs to get me one dozen bottles of S. S.
S. At that time both of my hands were
broken out with blisters and I was covered
with boils and sores. In the meantime my
druggist had gotten two dozen bottles of
S. S. S. for me and I began its use, and
after taking the thirteenth bottle not a
sore or boil was visible. R. B. Powell.
East 9th St., Little Rock, Ark.
Of all human diseases, Contagions Blood
Poison is the most hideous and hateful.
The victim is tortured with eating ulcers,
sflrc3 and abscesses, unsightly blotches,
eruptions and other symptoms of the mis-
erable disease. S. S. S. has been used
successfully for nearly fifty years for
Jjgfc jgSfs 4&SEh Contagious Blood
§^g^ T&k mineral. Our home
HriWf-H&rW e f se * Ie^i cala^-
Tbe Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.Continued From Page 39, Column 5.
REMARKABLE PLAY
Canada Is to have a big tobacco fac
tory at Winnipeg,' A where the home
grown product will be put Into market
able" shapft>" C~ ~ "* -^.
Sickles Harness Gets Highest Award.
(Special to The CalL)
ST. . LOUIS, , Oct. 15.— J. B. j Sickles
Saddlery Co, St. Ixrais, receives highest
award gold medal World's :¦ Fair display
of harness, saddles and collar*.
Oka's Great Victory.
FIELD HEADQUARTERS OF THE
SECOND JAPANESE ARMY. Thurs
day, Oct. 13. — Fuller divisional re
ports give increased importance to the
victory achieved yesterday by the left
army. Twenty-four Russian guns
were caotured when the retreat be
gan, together with many rifles. The
Russians lost heavily in counter at
tacks, the Japanese loss being much
smaller. . The advance continued all
day, the Russians retreating before it
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 15. — Ac
cording to special dispatches received
here General Kuropatkin had a nar
row escape during the fierce fighting
of Wednesday night and Thursday for
the possession of Temple Hill and the
double-horned mountain east of the
railroad. With his staff he was per
sonally directing the fighting at this
point. Orderlies were constantly gal
loping up with reports from other
parts of the field and carrying dis
patches to and from the telephone
and telegftiph stations, which were
working behind the hills. This evi
dently attracted the attention of the
Japanese, who cleverly unmasked
some batteries, the shells from which
burst all around the distinguished
group, compelling General Kuropat
kin to shift his position hastily and
seek shelter.
It is understood that General Kuro
patkin. before the battle commenced
again, designated Lieutenant Gerferal
Sakharoff and then Lieutenant Gen
eral Bilderling to succeed him in the
command in the event of his being
disabled.
Japanese Train Batteries Upon the
Russian Commander.
KUROPATKIN" IN PERIL.
The Stanford students nearly
avenged the loss of the famous red ax
of years ago by the capture of the big
30-foot varsity flag yesterday from the
Berkeley campus. The affair was well
planned and the attemnt made when
the attention of everybody was turned
to the football game. -The flag was
hauled down and 'removed from the
halyards and the three .bold Stanford
men were fast getting to cover when
the armorer of the university noticed
that the big U. C. ensign no longer
proudly waved from the flagpole. He
sounded an, alarm and soon saw the
triple cardinal captors making for
the timber.
. Professor C. W. Woodworth and two
small boys, Monroe Marliare and El
mer Varue. heard the alarm and Im
mediately started in pursuit. The pro
fessor and the lads headed off the
Stanford men, who had their prize
rolled up in ' a "' large bundle, and
turned them into a small wooded
creek. They disappeared in the
bushes, but the trailers were on their
track. They appeared presently with
out the bundle on the other side of
the stream. Professor Woodworth
knew that the closely pursued raiders
had secreted their prize in the bushes.
After beating up .the brush; In the
creek bottom for a short time he
found the flag hidden In the thicket.
The ensign was borne • in , triumph
home and safely locked up by the
armorer, secure from raiding squad
rons of the -cardinal. '
Stanford Students Hani Down the En
sign, but It Is Recovered.
BERKELEY NEARLY LOSES FLAG.
Picture Frames.
Oar Eastern selection of fruaw tad
moldings for fall trade now m. bette*
and more beautiful than ever before!
Sanborn. Vail & Co. o«or«.
The travel by steamboat oa tsa T^Tra
of Lucerne, In Switzerland, readied
last year a total of LE29.000 passescera.
It Is desired that the standard mili
tary rifle in use by the Government
should be made available for civilian
practice and it is probable some provi
sion to this end will be made in the bill
which the board will recommend.
Hundreds of inquiries have been re
ceived from rifle clubs, instructors at
military schools and Individuals as to
how this arm can be procured and
there seems to be little doubt that rifle
practice will be stimulated, especially
among civilians, by the distribution of
the Krag rifle. The Krag carbines will
soon be discarded by the cavalry arm
of - the regular . establishment and . the
national board will seek to obtain pos
session of them for distribution to mil
itary schools, at the rate of about ten
pieces to each school where army offi
cers are detailed as instructors. ¦._ : ,
' It also , Is . proposed that one carbine
for each twenty-five scholars should be
given schools possessing indoor ranges
and carrying on rifle practice. '
The board recommends the establish
ment of shooting galleries and field
ranges, the furnishing of arms and am
munition, supervision and instruction,
inducements for practice, such as tro
phies, badges, etc., and publication and
distribution of literature bearing on
this subject.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— What will
probably be the most important meet
ing of the National Board, for the Pro
motion of Rifle Practice since thafbody
was organized under an act of Con
gress several years ago will be held at
the War Department on October 22.
The national board is composed of
twenty-one members, including five
from the regular army and navy, estab
lishments. The board was instructed to
formulate a plan for a national marks
men reserve, which plan has been
agreed upon and approved by the Sec
retary of War. At the coming meeting.
It is expected, steps will be taken for
the preparation of a bill to be submit
ted to Congress.
It Is not expected that Congress will
act on all the suggestions of the board
at one time, as the scheme for creating
a marksmen's reserve is very compre
hensive and begins with the education
of boys in military schools and pro
vides for the encouragement of rifle
practice for both civilians and members
of the militia on a large and liberal
scale. .' v - ,
Special Dispatch to Tba Call.
and then California by Judicious line
bucking carried the pigskin to Stan
ford's seven-yard line and lost her
chance to score again by trying an
end run. Fenton easily punted out of
danger. Only once during the re
mainder of the game did Stanford get
the ball into her opponents' territory
and that was Just before the end.
Neither goal was In danger when the
referee blew his whistle for the end.
The line-up was as follows:
California. Position*. Stanford.
HerrSott L. E. R Overman
Stow L. t. R.: Tomaalnl
Xerr L. G. R.Sumner.R. F. Meyers
•All'n C«mer,..Co«. A. E. Meyers
Foster R. G. L, Gay, Cox
Richardson R. T. L, Horton
Jordan. Zacharta*.. R. E. L.. .Wilson, Koerner
Kendall Quarter Fenton
Sperry R. H Vandervoort
Snowden. Golcher, U H..Cadwalader. Kocher
Duggln
RHey Fullback Moody
Referee. C. M. Flckert; umpire, Percy Hall:
timers. Dave Brown and William Powell; lines,
men; Nourse and Mama; halves, thirty- ft va
minutes; score. Stanford 6, California Q.
The explosion was caused br «
miner who was carrying a «^n of fifty
pounds of powder coming Into contact
with a live wire. The scene of the ex
plosion was about one and one-half
miles underground.
CHETENNE. Oct. 15 — X tttrlflo
explosion occurred in mine No. g of
the Union Pacific Coal Company at
Rock Springs shortly after the noon
hour to-day. Seven miner* were cut.
bruised and burned and five wera
taken to th« Union Pacific Hospital
here.
Lire Wire Comes In Contact With Cka
of Powder In Rock Springs
Coal Drift.
Miss Clara Dunn of Berkeley has
been appointed copyist in the Interior
Department.
WASHINGTON. Oct. || 15.— A star
service postal department has been
established from Caruthers to Wheat
ville. The service is awarded to W. S.
Gray. The service from French Gulch
to Carville. omits Carville, and will
end at Trinity Center, from November
1. Nathan E. Bishop has been ap
pointed postmaster at Belvedere,
Marin County. Cal.
John E. Wynne of San Francisco
has been appointed assistant inspector
of boilers in San Francisco.
E. G. Slckler of Germantown, Cal..
has been appointed fourth assistant
examiner of the patent office.
R. A. Gould of Vallejo has been ap
pointed assistant food inspector in
connection with the Agricultural De
partment.
Changes Are Made in the Postal Serr
lce and CallfornJans Axe
Given Appointments.
RIFLE PRACTICE
FOR CIVILIANS
SEVEX MEN BADLY HURT
IN" EXPLOSION IN MT5B
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
EXTENT OF THE RUSSIAN* LOSSES.
The number left in other places has
not been counted yet. but It is large.
The enemy's loss in this direction must
exceed 20.000.
"Among the trophies reported cap
tured are 200 shells, six ammunition
wagons and much uncounted muni
tions. The enemy's loss 'in the direc
tion of the center and left armies is
under Investigation."
TOKIO, Oct. 16. 9:30 a. m. — Suc
ceeding reports increase the extent of
the Russian slaughter In the desperate
battle that has raged for the past
week. General Kurokl has reported
that his army alone has buried 4500
Russian dead. The reports of Generals
Nodzu and Oku are Incomplete, but
everything indicates that Field Mar
shal Oyama's estimate of the Russian
loss at 30,000 men will fall far below
the actual mark. A report dealing
with the Russian losses received dur
ing the night from the Japanese field
headquarters says:
"The loss sustained by the enemy
opposing our right army so far as
ascertained follows: Bodies left near
Bensihu. on the left bank of the Tai
tse River, 350; In front of our Bensihu
detachment, 1500; at Talin. 300; near
Tumentsu, 200; before the right
column, 200: near Kouinkok and
north of Tumentsu, 1200; near Chien
tao, 300; north of Panlassan and
near Wumingsu, 150; before the left
column near Shaotakou and north
ward. 300; total. 4500.
30.000 Proves Conservative.
Oyama's Estimate Placing Them at
Shipping Submarine Torpedo-Boats.
NEWPORT NEWS. Oct. 15. Two
of the Lake submarine torpedo-boats
built at the shipyards here and be
lieved to be destined for the Japanese
or Russian governments, were hoist
ed on board the Kennebeo to-day.
According to the foreman in charge
of the 600 men engaged in loading
the craft, the Kennebec will sail for
Boston before daylight.
Oku Buries 2000 Russians.
TOKIO. Oct. 16, 11 a. m.— General
Oku. reports that he found and burled
2000 Russians before the battle of
October 14.
(Special to The CalL)
Gold Medal Flour Gets First Award.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 15.— Gold Medal
Flour, made by "WsLshburn-Crosby Co
has onco more proved the right to its
name, as the World's Fair Judge, to-dar
gave It highest award and grand prize.
Orders for Army Officers.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 15— An army
retiring board has been appointed to
meet at San Francisco from time to
time at the call of the president of
the board, for the examination of such
officers as may be ordered before It.
Following Is the detail for the board:
Colonel Charles Morris. Artillery
Corps; Colonel Alfred C. Glrard, as
sistant surgeon general; Colonel
George Andrews, assistant adjutant
general; Lieutenant Colonel Robert H.
Patterson, Artillery Corps; Major
Louis Brechemin, surgeon; Captain
John J. Bradley. Fourteenth Infantry,
recorder. Under instructions from the
president Second Lieutenant George
A. Derbyshire, Twenty-third Infantry,
will report to this board at .such time
as he may designate for examination.
Private, first class. Andrew R. Mc-
Clure, hospital corps, Vancouver Bar
racks, Wash., will be discharged from
the army by the commanding, officer
of that post in the interest of the serv
ice. The leave of absence granted
Second Lieutenant Samuel G. Talbott,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, is extended
one month. v, J=
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 15. — The
extent of the Russian loss is partially
Indicated by the correspondent of the
Russoe Slovo. who telegraphs that
General Bilderling's corps, holding the
center of the right, lost almost an en
tire brigade of the Third division, in
cluding a third of its artillery bri
gade, (forty-eight guns), the neighbor
ing corps being too hard pressed to
offer assistance.
General Zaroubaieff's corps suf
fered terribly before its retreat on Oc
tober 10, his brigade of reserves ar
riving too late. Zaroubaieff himself
narrowly escaped, a shell bursting In
side a hut out of which the general
had just emerged.
General Mistchenko on the left also
suffered heavily. The fighting was at
such close range that his gunners were
mowed down by the Japanese infantry
fire. The Japanese positions which the
Russians were trying to take were sur
rounded on three sides by wire entan
glements, which cost the Russians
dearly. The Japanese in some Instances
abandoned their khaki uniforms,
donned gray overcoats and repeated a
trick they have often employed during
the war. especially in night attacks, of
yelling out in Russian when discovered.
"Friends." This time they crept up to
the Russian positions shouting. "Orders,
have been given to retreat," but were
soon discovered.
anese Infantry Fire.
Russians Mowed Down by the Jap-
ENTIRE BRIGADE LOST.
noon made a counter attack, but they
were successfully repulsed by our left
column. The strength of the enemy
opposing the left column was fully
four regiments of Infantry, with ten
batteries of artillery."
"Our artillery action was beyond
praise. Throughout the day the services
of the guns and the accuracy of the fire
were splendid. An entire battalion of
Japanese was mowed down' while at
tempting to advance, the troops fight
ing brilliantly and blood literally flow
ing in streams. Everywhere death
seems to be a secondary consideration.
"Toward evening the fighting at
Shakhe abated and we and the Japan
ese retained our respective positions.
"Excellent news was received from
the Eastern division on Friday night,
but it is so sensational that it seems in
advisable to give it out until it shall
have been officially confirmed. "We can
only counsel patience. Any hour may
decide the fate of the battle."
"The fighting on Friday morning was I
resumed at 6 o'clock. We again ad- j
vanced from Shakhe, capturing the ad- j
vanced positions held by the Japanese I
by brilliant attacks by the Epifanlev- j
sky and Tukhiovsky regiments. "We I
reached their second line positions, but \
here a fierce artillery fire compelled our !
troops to halt, and a desperate artillery !
duel was commenced. Twelve Japanese '
guns were silenced, every gunner being :
killed and their infantry support being j
driven back. The guns stood In plain •
view, but It was Impossible for *us to
take them. Two battalions which were
ordered to secure the Japanese guns
advanced In the face of a terrible can- I
nonade and rifle fire from the Japanese !
rear positions. It was, however, an im
possible task, the shrapnel of the en
emy decimating the advancing ranks,
whole companies withering under the
terrific fire, and our men were com
pelled to abandon the attempt.
"Later in the day a similar fate be
fell three of our batteries. They had •
advanced behind our Infantry to pave
the way for an attack on the Japanese j
position, but the infantry was forced J
back, the artillerymen were almost all
killed and the guns remained alone.
The Japanese made a desperate ad- j
vance In the hope of securing the guns, |
but each time were driven off. and to- j
ward nightfall we removed the guns '
safely. 1
"The struggle was resumed to-day at
daybreak, with every promise of an
other day of stubborn combat. It Is
now the sixth day of fighting unprece
dented in "history for the stubbornness
and tenacity shown by both sides.
MTJKDEN, Oct. 15.— A Russian cor
respondent In his story of the fighting
below Mukden says:
"The center column, after defeating
the enemy posted on the eminences
south of Ehohopu, seized the positions
which he had been holding.
VICTORY AIX AIXDNG THE LINE.
"A. portion of the center column
which was directed against Llnchen
pao, co-operating with a portion of
the left column, fought a fierce battle
and at 4 o'clock in the afternoon
stormed and captured Llnchenpao.
Our force* are now chasing the ene
my.
"The Russian force holding LJn
chenpao consisted of over a regiment
of infantry, with two batteries of ar
tillery, and this force is now retreat
ing toward Sugangtai. where the Rus
sians are halting. A portion of the
center column Is pursuing the enemy
toward Yuboyun.
"The forces of the enemy opposing
the left wing of the left army at
Changllargpo and neighborhood,
where the left column was engaging
them, gradually obtained reinforce
ments and at 3 o'clock in the after-
"A body of our supports which had
been driving a small force of the ene
my before it since the morning of the
14 th took possession of Waitao Moun
tain. Observing that the enemy, from
the movement of his wagon column.
was commencing a retreat, this body
of our supports Immediately pursued
him. sending a portion of its detach
ment to Chingtuitzu.
"Center army — After attacking and
dislodging the forces of the enemy,
which were holding Changllntzu. Put
saowa. Tungehafen and the vicinities
of these places, the center army has
been driving them north to the Shakhe
River since the morning of October
14 and has reached and now holds a
line on the river.
"Left army — The main strength o£
the right column of this army was di
rected against Huangchiatlea. It
drove the enemy northward and at 1
o'clock on the afternoon of October
14 It mastered the heights in that vi
cinity.
"The enemy opposing the left col
umn was about one division strong
and fled In confusion toward Fenhips.
His artillery is still holding a posi
tion near Ta Pass and Is bombarding
us.
"The right column of the army, which
had been engaging the enemy near
Chaohsin Pass, observing that the en
pmy showed signs of retreat. Imme
diately pave chase toward Taichaiku,
while the center and left columns, co
operating, attacked the forces of the
enemy which were occupying positions
near SIku Mountain and defeated them.
These columns Immediately advanced
to a line on the Shakhe River.
SLAVS HOLD TA PASS.
'•Right army— The force of the enemy
which opposed the right flank of the
right army, holding the vicinities of
Tumln and Ta passes, and engaged our
detachment which was sent to Bensihu
¦was unable to keep Its ground on Octo
ber 14, and showed signs of retreat.
The commander of the army then or
dered the Bensihu detachment to hotly
pursue the enemy toward the east and
north. This detachment Immediately
formed itself into two detachments and
pursued the enemy toward Pintaitzu
and the Shakhe River, driving the en
tmy before them. The enemy", who had
retreated, stopped at Pieniuhungpo and
is fortifying that place.
Lengthy reports from the field re
ceived to-day and published this even
ing are as follows:
Thus the object of the enemy has
been completely frustrated and his of
fensive movement has ended In final
failure. The corpses left by the enemy
at dlSerert points are too numerous to
be easily counted. The trophies, besides
the guns. Include an enormous quan
tity of ammunition, wagons and rifles.
These are still uncounted.
PURSUIT OF THE RUSSIANS.
The guns captured nmnber more than
eighty and the prisoners taken number
several hundred.
The fighting continued all along the
entire line to-day, and the end is not
near. It seems to be impossible for the
Russians to rally, and they probably
will be pressed back across the Hun
River.
TOKIO, Oct. 15.— General Kuropat
kin's southern advance has been beaten
back and his array is in retreat. He is.
however, etill doggedly fighting to pre
vent an utter rout.
Field Marshal Oyaina's triumphant
troops have driven the Russians north
to a line along the Shakhe River. They
are vigorously pressing the pursuit and
probably will inflict still more severe
damage on Kuropatkln's forces.
As a result of the bloody -battle of
October 14 the Russians left 2000 dead
on the field. Field Marshal Oyama esti
mates the Russian losses at more than
30.000.
LONDON. Oct. 15. — A dlsatch to a
news agency from Toklo, dated to-day.
Bays that as the result of Friday's
sanguinary fighting the center column
of the Japanese left army succeeded
in partly occupying Shohopu. The
Russian main body fell back on the
mountainous districts of the railway.
The Russians around Bensihu have
fled in a northeasterly direction.
The Japanese last night, the dis
patch adds, engaged three Russian re
serve divisions under the personal
command of General Kuropatkin. The
fighting in this quarter was resumed
this morning.
Vital Importance Is attached at To
kio to the engagement at this point.
Awful Slaughter on the
Sixth Day of the
Battle,
Kurooatkin in Person
Covers the Retreat
With Reserves.
Oyama's Armies Uur
Russians Back to
the Shakhe.
SLAV CHIEF FIGHTING DOGGEDLY
TO PREVENT DISASTROUS ROUT
:.:¦ ,V". ¦ • ¦ • ¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ' SUNDAY, f OCTOBER 16, 19W.
41
ADVERTISE^fEXTS.
FREE ELECTRO-CHEMIC
EXAMINATION AND
TREATMENT
All persons calling at
(jJSwjs Electro - Chemlc Instl-
/1V Tw@9 tute wH1 fflven a
<tfV^V_jflf^f free Electro-Chemlc ex-
/¦"xj^^V'T -^ST amlnatlon and diagnosis.
\-/fJ*^* > *' JKKV. A truthful and sincere
/ %_• WsA^Vw °P 5n * on W *U be slven In
/ \l «»J lill a11 cis **- Curable dls-
' \ A*JEl%m litt * ases W »I l« tiven a
\S£«ajAl>lf( fre * '"i'roent. N o in-!
VOOt 7SF**N curab ?e cas e» will be
fi52f*#>- " undertaken. Call at
"* once.« . Absolutely no
chare*.
Electro-Chemlstry cores painlessly
and without .operation Consumption,
Cancer. Catarrh, Deafness. Khecuna-
tiam. Fistula. Paralysis, Losomotor
Ataxla, Astnma and Bronenlal Trou-
bles, Files, Nervous Disease*, Skin I
and Blood Diseases . and th« Special
Disease, of Men and Women.
Write for borne treatment If you live at a
distance.
Separate apartments for ladies and gentle-
men.
The Electro-Chemlc Institute
118 Grant Ave.. Ccr. Post St..
SAN FRANCISCO, -. CaU
Office hours—© a. m. to B p. m and 7 > to
S p. m. dally; Sundayg. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
...'../... .- - ' _ ' y __ _ ' '-'...^. ;¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
* " ' - ' , - - ¦¦¦¦-.- - -.————¦-- ....... .. . 1 . .. - —...., ... . m i ...,. 1 .,., -
I Will Pay $1OOO Forfeit
™f T^?^t£n rV £«£.£« b lV ty ' Vartcoc «^. Rh«amatism. Lame Back. Lumbago. Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease (that has not sone as far as Brijhfs IMs-
?S» Ja.« \ g l% fet^! tlpation. or any weakness which I cannot cure with my new Improved Electric Belt, with Electric Suspensory for men (no
the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced. «»«««/.
«o»th?aTwm B S2^fr aa7 »"" whlch ta ¦ a * >ped hla Lat hta foll °- »sr .ivlca for three
.-; but't^man'wTo^as 9 oee^^trona^na^s VoA l"^^?^«&^^ ""* "^ «-t man I can make better than n.
I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I can stop all drains upon his vitality in ten days.
A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed. who Is easllv dis«jnr»*-ed- i-,n n «i
B°elt r su2 P He" lmaslnary ' troubl «"- who naa lort amblUon and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks thl ? animal el e^rtclty which the "r? T Mc325nl£ ?" SeSS
will repUce^and 0 "!?! cur^^ou? T ° Ur *' dependent nptm **** "^^ •leetridty. When you lose that by draining the system in any manner my Bert
tha. «&tt£ J *A W^^JTu^^tSF* a?a T^» l '^ J *?S™SLrrA£ r 5 *~* - ««4. - x « -«
toring LC rK" such^eVteV^everyTay! 111011 m ** n " * ****¦ deal tO * 8Ufferer - They a " * bc4coa 1Ignt to "»• maa who *" b « com « «"««:raged from useless doo-
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and Invigorates them, and stirs up » great force of energy in a man.
has fak^r%% b be S , t t e ar^ r m1nts? dy * PpllanC9 ta the 7° rtd - h - ln « devo^ twenty years to perfecting It. I know my trade. My cures after everything .1..
&s^"^ a ° n^ ffi
earth fo^a lain^bSk.^ " *"" ° Ct ° b " 18th: ™ r back " * nti ~* ™"- «* J ™* »•» tak. 1100 tor », »«tt U X could not nt aether. It U «be b«t thto. „
has losiiJs^fcVX; S»^^^^ ftTJ^^^^S^^^^ &?&££?£&*• Wh0 £ ™ T *"°« " ™*" !**. ™
m~™t3^7gff$^i c sF& £f s M ;ss L^ o diV o at y ?Sirrv toId i° u */««
good a days work as I could at that age." It was two years agVthat Mr. Crawf SrdTwrofi mTtoat lJtSS' H«e "one Tfc"£t"*rom h^''"' *** **" *° "
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not cure* by Dr. McLaughlta'. Electric Belt.
self, and to those who look to you for their future happiness/try It now? Act {his mtaut2 C Sch'a mat*!? olVt not to^be delayed.* JUSUC * to TOUr '
bimlnS'^in'SS^rSia"' f " mea - W ° ra WhlIS y ° U BleeP ' U -»«" n ° trOuW - Toa « ** «««* glowing heat fromU con.tanUy. but „, .ting, no
of you?w e end n s d wrom I ha^cSred. ? haVe * PrlVate «"-»»"»« " on > «« ™<* * wfll explain my method of treatment" and perhaps glv you th. names of .oa.
Send for my beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. I .end it. .ealed. free. Cut cmt and .end thl. ad.
DR. M. C. McLAUQHLIN, 906 Market St., Above eihs, San Francisco
Offlo Hour* Bi.m.toBp.m. Sunday, 10 to 1. Seattl. Qfflc*. 108 Coluati* Strwt. to. Angles. 131 S<mtJi Sprtn, Ste^t.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ /
We Cure M CM
Nervous Debility, Stricture. Rupture. I W H H 1
Tumors* Varicocela. Private Diseases. J jL || ggf 1
Cancer. Sleeplessness. Rheumatism.
Kidney and Bladder Diseases. Spine — — — _— , ( »
Disease, Lifer Disease, Heart Disease, rvp HHI QViAIM £ aa
Blood Diseases. Skin Diseases. Stomach V **' ¦¦vJLolYlAN Ol l»U.
Diseases. Eye and Ear Diseases. Lung Have been actively en-
Diseases. Rectal Diseases. , . . J
gaged in treating diseases
and weaknesses of men, to
i^j^SgpIS^^^ the exclusion of ail other
iff /^^fe^S,^^ ailments, for seventeen
Sh il^ *B§lf® Ma years » an(^ ave become
If A WiIF 11 more P ro^ ic^ ent m curing
B\ J®t jrW it these troubles than any
\Sk H? js^&tk JJ ot her physicians in America
729 Market Street,
PEES SSA<;nir«itTT< trr- Tl ELEVATOR " ENTRAJCC
arrange onp term* In payments to
jult their convenience, and don«- ix x i
g!**AraBHTSMATTBEATUW- ConSUltatlOH
C\TXS3> BETOaE PATny^y
I If you cannot call, write ' for? fl "^ V "% ¦ "^ ¦
question list and Arcs book, d*- 1 ¦ : I W H jf ¦ M
scribing our specialty. Corre-I H^ ssSssv \l H
spondence confldentlaL - II l^k. It -^ H
O Q *" :*• B f 4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"T bst» b**n cslas" Casearrts for Insomnia, ttith
wretch I t*»e b*en »C.ct^<i for o»er twectjr y»ri.
»t'l I e»n **y \h.%x Cmse&rets har<? g-iTtn me Bort
relief than a.nr other rem«<ly I have mrer tried. I
¦hall c-rt»-r ]y rre on- u«od then to ley fr:ead» cs
beu»« aii itey are represented."
Tic*. GUlard. Elgin. Ill
sfir \A JnSJ T"h@ Bowels
CAKOV CATHARTIC --s«^^
n»— t\. Palatable, Potent. Tasta Good. Do Good.
Kerer fcic« en. W«alcen or Grijve. Ue. Se. SOe. XtT,r
•old In bclk. Tli* ceocino tablet (tanpod C'CC
Gurasteed to cor* or your money back. ,
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 597
AKKUAL SALE. TEH MILLION BOXESTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 16, 1004.
42
STJAI. 55-ATE-CT7Y— rOB SAEB. |
BALDWIN & HQWELL. . -- . -
25 POST STUEET,
Real Estate Agents.
Houses Rented. Taxes Paid, City Agents Fire-
man's Fund Insurance Co. ¦
Get a copy of the. Buyer and Seller, our
rnontJily catalogue, containing, a full list of
choic?" investment properties; Tnalled free.
5S.75O— McAllister tt*. .near Lyon; 3 nice flats
of 5-5-U rooms and bath; lot 25xl3t:u;
renu $Tl 50; this Is a reduced price;
do not let it p».ss.
$7,250— Jackson st. near Central ave.; large
and brautilul .lot for residence or flats;
5tfxl27:SVi; choice location.
?T),5C0— Fell at. near Franklin; 2 flats of 5 and
C rooms End rath and rear house of 4
rooms; rents $&f &0. <
ysa.SCO — Kentucky and Tennessee sts:; 3 stores
and U flats of o, 4. 5 rooms; lot 75x200;
rents J1S5 per month; investigate this. |
$23.0CC— Halght st. Jn the heart of V business I
ccr.U-r; 4 stores; flat of 7 rooms and
bath and rear cottage; rent for $103 |
per month; lot 70xl37/:U: additional im- ,
provfments could be made Increasing
the Income.
$2,500— A few lots left on Hayes. Fell and
BrCKterick Ms. ; 25x187:6 each; level and
rvaJy to build on; Btreet work done;
these are line lots for homes or flats.
SC700 — No reasonable offer refused: 2-story j
bay-window residence on north line of '
Clay st, near public square; select j
n-eighborhcod; house of 7 rooms and j
bath. j
W.bOO— Rente $3S per month; lot with front-!
age on two streets; 4 separate flats; good j
t-onditlon; splendid paying property; near
ad at. and S. P. It It depot.
$6,000— 3-story frame building, renting for
$r»U CO. in the vicinity ot Geary and Fill-
more tts.; a fine income property.
J25.00C — Larse holding, short distance from tha |
City Hall; frontaKe on 2 main thorough- j
fares; lrame buildings of no great value;
extra large lot. suitable for storage ware-
house, nuble, ttc. ;' price rrtost reason-
able-.
$3,250 — P.ents $:1O p«?r month; 2 flat*, vicinity
of Valencia and 18th sts.; bituminlzed
street. - ; /
SPECK A CO.. •
i-'vO Montgomery tt.
Selling. . Rents collected.
Leasir*. ¦ e • Insurance.
$-'{S,0Oo — Splendid business property; a 0 per
cent net Investment;, under least-; close I
to Kearny st. and cast of Pine; lot
has two frontages; Investigate.
JlS.OOO^ —^plecdiil MMoot business corner on
Devlsadero st, south oi Geary; renting
for $1512 yearly.
$lS«,000 — Corner, vicinity Greenwich and Stelner
sts.; ia7:0xl > J7:(J. with old improve-
ments, renting for $150 month, that
could readily rent for $225 per month;
a positive bargain.
$15,500— Sixty feet frontage; six Eddy tt.
flats; two-story and basement; rents
$127 30.
$14,000 — Thr»e elegant new modern flats, de-
sirable part of Western Addition; 33-
foot lot; renu $1440 yearly; want an
offer.
$13,500— Fine south of Market st business
corner; on Folsom st ; close in, with
good improvement!; Income $1236; lot
23x00.
$12,000— Lot 41:6x137:6, with fine improve-
ment«, on Pine ft., close to Buchanan;
rents $1020 a year.
$9,500 — Three splendid new flats on California
St.. near Broderlck; all rented for $84
per month; lot 25x100 feet.
$C, 000— Income $(&« a year; 0 flatt, one block
from Hlbernla Bank and \i block from
new Postofflce.
$4,5C0 — Sorith of Market st. Investment, pay-
Ing 17 per cent net; flats; 25 foot lot;
investigate.
RESIDENCES.
$lJ».00O— Fine Jackson »t. residence; lot 50x
135; with splendid marine view.
CHOICE LOTS.
$2C, 000— Superb southeast corner. 137:6x137:6;
.. . finest residence elte in the city; un-
surpassed marine view.
$13,500— Fine lot on Eleventh St.. near Fol-
som ; 50x200; make offer.
$6.~W — 50x137:0; splendid residence site; Pa-
clflc Heights; north side of etreet
$4,500 — Splendidly located lot, 50 feet front-
age ;• vicinity California st. and Second
ave.; price reduced for quick tale;
cheap.
$1.500— Each for very choice lots in Rich-
mond district, close to main entrance to
." ,GcIden Gate Park; on four car lines;
nothing better in vicinity. . ,
. BPECK & CO.. "209 Montgomery tt.
Opp. Mills bldg.
VON'RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
j . 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
$7000—25x100; Twenty-fourth st, bet. Mission
and Capp; store and flat, renting for $05 per
month.
$7500 — 72x107 feet, cor. 11th and Lake; will
subdivide: one of the most desirable corners
on Presidio Hetehtt.
$0000— A corner, on i Castro and i Seventeenth
bts.; 4Sx90; lrmnilar.
$0000^ — 42 feet front; "Liberty, near Guerrero;
well built house of 10 rooms and bath.
$30,000 — t0:0.xl37:8; north line of Buth st.,
nvar Mason; Improvements consist of a
lodging-house renting for $150 per month.
$12.000— 57:6x00 to rear street; cor. Union and
Mason; improvements store and flats renting
for $sa 50. ,
$12,750 — 25x100; three new flats on the north
lire of Pine Et. near Flllmore, renting for
$105 per month.
$tj~r>0 — Scott near Sacramento, opp. Alta
plaza; beautiful well constructed home of
s rooms and bath; should be seen to be ap-
preciated.- > • '
Two modern marine view flats. Just completed -
rents ${j2 50 per month; must be sold at
. once.
$8500—50x122:6; Treat ave., near Twentieth
tt; six 4-room flatt renting for $73 per mo.
$5000— Larkln st. near Greenwich; improve-
ments consist of house of 5 rooms and bath,
rentinz for $25.
CSx-125 — A corner in the most desirable por-
tion of Van Ness ave.: in one or two lot*.
CENTER & SPADER,
11 Montgomery street. Lick House Block.
$29.000 — NE. business corner on Valencia st,
consisting or stores and flat*, renting low
at $175 per month: can be increased; lot
tfOxSO. with vacant lot In rear 25xft5.
$16,000— Rents $125; choice corner on Powell
st; 3-story building (store and flats).
$8,750— 2 new up-to-date flats, nearlng com-
pletion, on Michigan ave.. close to Rich-
mond "Jordan Tract": 0 rooms in each;
both. Hats rented for $76; choice lot.
:!3xl)0: take Sutro cars to property.
$18,000 — Larkln st., near Clay; 3 swell flats-
• rents J1S60; large key lot. 34 feet front;
Investigate.
$ll,00C — StcinT st. nfar McAllister: 2 new up-
to-date flats;. rents $85; lot 20x108.
$10,000— Rents $S5; 4 modern flats on Doloret
near 17th et; lot 50x125.
$7,500 — Rent $75:«enap;:3 new flats. 6 rooms
each, on Carl St., near Clayton; lot 25x
100 . ,
$3,50C — Modern cottage, fi rooms; nicely lo-
cated In Mission: lot 50x100.
$4,000—2 flatt, 4 rooms and bath -each; rents
$38; lot 25x05; location* 22d tt, friar
FoUom.
$2,350— New up-to-date cottage, 6 room* on
. .-lorth corner Glrard and Woolsey ttt. ;
lot 30x100; $C00 cash, balance monthly:
take San Bruno ave. car to Woolsey st.
- ¦ CENTER A SPADER.
BURNHAM h MARSH CO..
, - . 211 Montgomery st
$210,000— Only 1 block from Market and
Kearny sts.; old Improvements; rentt $1000 a
month.
" $75,000 — 5- story ! new brick building; lease
10 years: tenants ''make all repairs; Pott st. ;
close inside. .-,
$52,500— Rents $430 a month; choice location;
Inside Polk st; very very choice improvements.
$3900— Rent $30 a month; Folsom. near 13th.
?C100-r-F1tt>«rt "st,, rents $52; near Mason -
2 fine flats.
$10,000— Taylor tt. near Lombard; fine resi-
dence. ' • > y _ ' .
$2500— Greenwich St., 2234-34 4, cor. Stotner;
a bargain; terms to suit; same as paying rent;
2 fine flats: rents. $25 a month. ">
BORXHAM & MARSH CO.. .
211 • Montgomery . st
LOTS 110 PER MONTH. » ,. . , .
PRICE $350 EACH.
NO INTEREST, NO TAXES
CASTRO STREET, ¦-. ; i. ; ¦¦¦
. DIAMOND STREET,
; GLEN AVENUE,
DOUGLASS STREET, ' • • ' ,
SURREY STREET,-. .
• ; CHENERY STREET.
WATER MAINS LAID, : STREETS- GRAD-
KD. SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED, ALL
READY TO BUILD ON.' ' ONLY ' A FEW
8TEPS'. FROM THE CARS." - CONVENIENT
TO STORES. SCHOOLS- AND : CHURCHES. !
TAKE GUERRERO-ST. CARS. REPRE-
SENTATIVE ON i GROUNDS EVERY SUN
DAY." R1VER8 BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
ELLIS, 1016^-0 ' rooms; modern;* open to-day
Xer Inspection; mak« offer. -¦ <
TgiEi_^cm»i
JQliX p. SPKCCKJfLS. .^Proprietor j
Address Communications to i
jOIIX McXAUGllT. . .„ ....Manager !
U. J. MAUT1X K» si » c l s _M-U^r5*~
TELEPHONE.
Afh fcr THE CALL. The Oi>enUor U'UI Con-
Dect Tou WUh tbe Department "i ou w un. ;
I'ubUeatlon Otfic-e Market ar.d Third. S. F.
KJ»U<rlaI Rooms 217 to 221 Sievenson «t j
iXilvered by carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Mcnth. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Term* by Mail. IncludinK Postage «Cfcsh n
Order) : ._ M
DAILY CALL <lnclud. Sundcy). I >' e * r --*rXA
DAILY CALL tlr.clud. Sunday). C rnos... «_W
L'AILY CALL— By Kingle Month '?£
UN DAY CALL. 1 Year fzS '
U123O.Y CALL. 1 Tear \- ',!¦'.'
C.rtjGN , £ C .- dav j is rer Year Kxtr*
POSTAGE l|£35£ JlJS per Yea. ¦**•«
/.LL POSTMASTERS AKE AUTHORI^^ ¦
to nccstvB ecBsaarrios& j
t«:uplt Cooics will be forwarded when re-.
Mail •ubfccriber* in ordering cb * rs ' fc °vrw !
. *r<f» ehould be particular to give bo.h i
AND OLD ATVtUOSS »n order to '*> BUrl1 * i
in_mTi mua correct compliance wllb tneir "- j
•u«-ri_
OAKLAND OFFICE: j
JU'J Cxmawmw Telephone Main 10SJ ,
BERKELEY OFFICE: . j
!J«8 Cntei Eireet Telephone North «i
WAJBHECCTOX CORRESPONDENT:
F/ Si LLL W. WALL Hotel Barton j
%
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: i
Weldorr-A«tor:* Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 ;
Inion JsQuant; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-avenue ,
Hotel acd Hoffjnan House.
CHICAGO NETTE STAND?:
Fh»rrcan House; P. O. News Co.: Great .
f*crthern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium ;
Hotel, Palmer House.
CHICAGO RnPRrFENTATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS Martjuette Building. ;
(Lone DUt&nca Telephone. "Central 2C19-")
NEXT TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPHEN !i. 6MITH 'M Tribune Building:
NEW TORK COHRESPONDENT:
C. C CAnLTON Herald Square j
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call. '
corner Market and Third streets: open until ,
12 edeck every :-i£ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
', J^OS Market «ree% opposite Fthh; op*n until |
i lit. a.
ItST Montgomery strett corner CUy; open until \
' »:30 b. m. ' I
X<*i Har»s street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
«3S McAllister Etreet: op«n until 9:S0 p. m.
•¦13 Larkin street; cpea until 9:30 p. m. j
4&41 Minlcn »tr**t; open until 10 p. m. ;
K6 Eleventh etreet: cper. until 8 p. m.
5C36 Valencia «re»t; open until 9 pm.
Northeast oorrer Church and Duncan streets;
•Pen urtll 0 ». m.
—00 Flllmore Etr»«*t : or>n until 8 p. m. [
SEAL ESTATT —^T^Y^XgBjBAJkT^ |
£AGE. DEALEY A CO..
fSS M:,rk<?t *t.. oi p. Pa'.ace Hotel.
$'.3,000— Large hcWIng on Var. Ness ave.; Im- \
proved with 3-story butldir.g: thor- |
ougbly modern, under uecured leaee for
10 y«-ars at $450 p*r month for the first
0 year* and $500 i«er rr.onth for lhe re- \
tr.ainir.g 5 v»-ars. i
$:7.0"0— A corner on Davis «t. ; 36-ft. front- ¦
ag-e. paying trct-edir.Rly gord rents.
$2J,000— New 3-»tcry brick building, flectric I
elevator, etc.: on Dr.vis st, near Cay; >
Rated fo r 3 years; $150 ;cr mcnth for
the first year and $175 for the balance
of the term.
$U*..GOU— l.argf corner. GO-ft. frontage; well
improved and renting for $165 pt-r ;
' mcnth. en Leavenworth st.
823.000 — HfxlSO ft; nominal irr.j-rovcmentt on ¦
It5th st.; the K«?arny et of the Mltelon
district. • i
$20.000— Magnificent residence on Franklin st.. \
n<rar Broadway; 38-foot frontage; hard- |
wood finish throughout.
$20.000— Larpt holdings on Hayes st.. near Van ;
New ave., running through to rear st; |
SmsTovf-mects consist of stores end flats;
rer.t $141 per mo&th.
*}16,T<K.» — S-Ivftfit ic*i<5tni.e <,a Paclflc avp.. nr.
Fillmortf ft.; 25- foot frontage; occupied
by & tenant paying S73 -per month.
J-n.:.<X~-:; fat* on Jackson st.. near Polk; :
rent $85 p«r month.
J10.C0C — Downtown Investment; Paclflc »t, nr.
•Mor.tgoraery ave.; 3-etory anfl basement
rTiel; butldir.g: permanently rented for
?t>l» per month: easily worth $100.
tlO.uOO— Devi«adero-Et. flats, nr. Geary; 27:6-
' . foct frontage; rents very low at $81
per month.
$7. CCO — Fo'.scm Ft., running through to a
rear <-t. : lot 22:llxl'S<) ft.; Improvements
old bui'dines; rent ISO per mo.
$6,250 — 4 flats on Natoma st. nr. 7th.; rents
$CW \>er year.
$5,600— Imrroved property: 2Sxl37:fl ft. fac-
ing on E11U. with L 25-foot frontage
facing on ttroderick.
$4.000 — Paying $42 *>O per mo.; extremely
targe lot. :£!:li-ft. frontage; Fouth of
Murket: Improvements conrlst of 4 fiats. ;
$U.W* — Rent* $3(5 pe r <mo. ; tenement flats on ;
North Beach.
$C50— Huild'.ns lots on Merritt st, west of ;
Hstti*; 2:>:Cx«0 ft; street eewered and
macadamised. •
RAGE. DEALEY A CO..
€3£ Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
PAGE. DEALET «¦ CO.. ¦¦:..- ,
C3S Market st. opp. Palace Hotel. I
ACCTION !
AUCTION
AUCTION
At our talesrocmc at 12 o'clock noon. Thurs- I
day. Oct. 27. 1904. j
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS SITE.
No. 313 Stockton st. north of Poat. ; lot ¦
•90:l>4x60 ft.; lmprov*ro*nt« thereon a 8-story :
bulldirr, consisting of «tor« and 2 lofts with
baaetnem.; will lease for about $250 per mo.
MISSION FLATS.
Kot. 638-540 Noe tt. north of 19th; Im- ¦
provemsnt* consist, of 2 modern flatt contain- ;
tng 5-6 rooms, porcelain bath, gm grates,
¦wooden mantels and tiled Kinks; rer.t $47 50;
butH 6 months; mortgage $1600
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE I
No. 2758 Filbert et., east of Baker; Im- !
ppov«ment« consist of a modern residence, con- i
ifctr,ir.g 7 rooms and porcelain bath, unfinished '
attic aad one finished room in bsnemeut- lot !
2SxlO7 ft. lrrtgultr: rented for $40 per rno
RESIDENCE SITES j
SE. line of Park H!!l ave.. 153 ft NE ot !
•T.lden «... 6SxlJ2 ft; property situated in j
the Park Hill Homestead Association: com- i
mantling an unsurpassed view of the entire '
city; the moet desirable location for a re»l- '
dence: In the v!clr.Ity of Burna Vieta Park i
POTRERO COTTAGES AND BUILDINO '
LOTS. i
NO. 1. I
No. II W Rhode Ulanii tt. north or 23<J- lot '
25x110 ft; improvement* consist of a modern :
cottage, containing !> rooms and bath; modern !
plurr.Wng; pennaneotly rented for $^0 pefrao. ¦
NO. 2 ;
• No. 11C1 X3t Haro et.; lmprovfrnente consist
til a modern cottage containing 5 rooms, large •
tu.ble to accommodate Z horses flue well i
water tank and windmill; lot 25x100 rt : rent- •
•d for $12 pe r month.
NO. 3.
ull<s!ntr lot on th * ****¦ llri e of DeHaro et.
408 ft. north of 2M: lot 23xJ 00 ft
NO. 4.
-? ££ U .°' hot: * **l*na «t.. 408 ft north
of 23d «.. 2Sxl0u rt; to te sold as per <3U-
gram.
„ ,, FIRET-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 314 Klrtt et, 6 outh of Foltom; lot 20x
SflS^ improveincnt. consist of a 2-«ory
buUdir.g and Isrjro basement. u*ed as a ma-
chine «bop; rtr.t^rt for $50 per mo
MlffflON FLATS
iJ^^Vf'^ Sfc * r <>n st.. north or 16th.; j
{« 23*125 ft.: lmp:-overr.«-nts consist of S new !
flat, ot i, rooms anO porcelain bath each; rents >
$72S££, r ,r.o. : mortgace $2uOO; built about
«" . r F "i STST - INVESTMENT.
•¦ ; X>Ot. *..j-?^ii-aci First st.. NW. of Har-
<2?°ZZ2? HS&2 tl - : improvement, consist
$I« £?mo *'• C<>ttaSe * a4 - naU: rea -
MASON ST.
•No. I3J5 Mason tt, north of Jackson- lnf
?. :^ J: i 7: ,^, lTrproven:ent ' COM »« of a 3-story
brick buildlns. khu flat aod large stable in :
¦' H BUSINESS CORNER
Net.- 2sa.l-S.V.:7-:5a Laguna nt. and 1001-5-7 !
tnlon. being the 8W. cor. cf Union and La-
gun. : 1« 30X1C0 ft; Imr-rovements consist of '
i stores and 0 Bats; total renu $1C7 per mo •
concrete -KJewalk. .--treet bituminlzed build-'
I - ' LOMBAHD-ST. INVESTMENT
Nci. 2i5C :o 2r,T4 Lnmberd et. west' of De-
V^flero »t; lot sPx!37:6 ft.: Imp" v?meVu
¦ ronmt of 8 netr. modern flat*, cantainln*
«-3 .rocms. porcelain baths *hlng,tj front.-
cru l r'e $1^^ n) f CaUtlfUl *~ M 1 ""««-'X
THITID-ST. PROPERTY
*n T ;°- Th1 ' d * l • NW - of ¦Harrison: lot 25x
J" ft: Improvc3,ents con&Ut of a 3-stofy fra'rne
holding cufl^xting of .tore and rooS? !
house above, containing 14 rooms; rentes «.-)
HAGE DEAI.EY A CO.
; -C3S Market et.. opp. Pai.c,. Hotc|
$4.**0— <JtZY heme. near Park; S lar*.* rooms-
lsrfte bni-.mer.t: wrvantr raomrrin* °™*k
• r!f nt T : r " ni " rvato i-y: «Uble for auto: large
»«t: an SA gJ>xl-«F-nvv: 3 minute* from i
'¦> ln *¦ C5O MntJi •>•<.. b^t B and C sts.
FO:: -sal—- 3 colunlaj boosn, « , rootnm bath
and ba*cment: beautifully flni«bed. up to
4a*e and «-jnn.v; E. side of Tenth ave.. near
I «t.. Bnnaet Hfllett A Oe«. on premises.
•Ctft- LOTS In th* MlMlm dlttrlct In a fsTsT-
«row. »«cUon; very cheap. Box 3247, r>n
| SrAIiJCSTATjE-— CJ^-^9JR_SAZ*Ej_ i
C H. UJ1ESEN' & CO.. 20 Montgomery st. |
i AUCTION
AUCTION - •
! AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
i Of Investment, residence and unimproved
1 bropcrtiea will be held at our salesroom. 20
: Monlsoiiury et. Tuesday. October £5, 1004. at
12 o'clock noon.
1 GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
S\V. cor. of Francisco and Leavenworth tts., ,
| l.';7:Cxl.;7:0: an elegant site, having an uii- j
: obstructed marine view. . ¦
GUARDIANSHIP SALE. .
Outside Lands block No. bZii: ilze 240x600. ;
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
I 1143 Larkin st. west line. nr. Sutter: 3- j
etory hr.ui-e containing 10 rooms and bath; j
• rrni S'.iO per month; bank mortgage Of $75fU !
at 0 per cent can remain; 27:Cxll2:6. ;
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE. j
1210 Fulton Bt.. north line. bet. Scott and j
Devlsadero; a 0-room dwelling, bath, etc.: •
r'-nts $4.' per month; 23x1-7:6.
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
2CC6 California st, north line. bet. Octavla
and Laguna: a desirable rcfldvnce of 9 rooms,
Ii3th. laundry, etc.. In perfect order; 54:4l«x
1^2:6. i
CHOICE BAKER-ST. LOTS,
j Haktr s-t.. east line. bet. Fell and Hcyes
¦ et*. ; 2 choice lots, suitable for refldences, j
araxtment- house or flats, being on the main '
driveway to the park and overlooking the "n- |
• trance to perk panhandle; 25x100 each. ;
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS. ;
i West line of Guerrero et.. bet. 24th and I
1 25th; also Fair Oaks ft. east line, 2."xl25 I
j each; choice location for residences or flats.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
) Dolores st.. cast line bet. 24th and 2.*>th,
j and Fair Oaks, west line; desirable building j
| lots, commanding lln« view; each.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
: Oak et.. south line, bet Baker and Brod-
I erick fir.. 2 choice bu;Uing lots. 25x137:6
1 each; overlooking entrance to park panhandle.
DESIRABLE BUILDING LOT
Sacramento Rt. «outh line. hd. Maple and
; £rruc« sts.: 27:Cxl"2:7H
MORRIS-AVE. INVESTMENT.
j 7 Morris ave., east line, off Harrison bet. j
• 5th and Cth; 2- story house, arranged into 2 I
i fiats of 5-4 rooms each; rents $32 50 per
1 month; 2?x«ft.
COZY MISSION* COTTAGE.
i 3716 21nd m.. north line be:. Sanchez and
. Noo; a new modern cottige of 0 rooms and
i tath; h'.fch basement. Concrete bulkhead ce-
j rr.er.t walks, etc.; 25x114.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
j to our office
; G. H. UMIiSHN A CO..
! 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
j G. H. UMIJSEN A CO.. "^Montgomery St
' .^ . aI Est * l « Agents and Auctioneers.
I $50.000— Rents $2250 per annum; Mission, nr.
5th «.; a choice holding; partly im-
i .o proved; lot 40x100; two frontage*.
F35.0C0 — An elesant NE. cor.. i:t7xl37. com-
I -o- rnan3ine an unobstructed marine view.
-. $2o.C00— Rents $2C8.! per annum; very fine
errr.er on Golden Gate ave.; 5 flats of
6-5 rooms and 2 stores: largo frontage; I
| j,o S - T:G: roortJfafie can remain of'
j $25,000— Rents $1602 per annum; choice corner!
In the vicinity of North Beach: Improve- j
ments cor.slnt of good building, con-
talmng ntcre* and flat; all In good or-
der; brick foundation.
I $12,500—3 el*cant new flats en Masonic ave., I
renting for $13. r -<) per annum: 6-6-7 rooms -
I ar.ri bath each; mortgage $5000 can re- ¦
main. i
I $11,200— Rents $1070 per annum: 3 new mod- \
ern flats of « rooms and bath each; close !
I »«/^ to Duboce Park; Ley lot. 25x95.
| S9.000— Rents $960 per annum; Stelner st; 3
flats Df C-5-5 rooms ar.d bath each; mod-
ern In even' particular; 27:CxlOO
j $..S0O— Rents $738 per annum, which is low;
splendid bargain; Sanchez «.. clow to
Market; Improvements consist cf 3 flats. !
,_ __«° J" 001 * 1 * and bath each; 25x100.
, St.TTS — Rents $S40 p«r annum; business cor-
ner, near ISth and Castro Bts.; store
• .„„. flat and 2 - 8tor >' dwelling.
j $6,250— Only $1500 cash; 2 new corner flats.
Richmond district, close In; 0-5 rooms
and bath each; balance can remain on
1 mortgage.
$0,200 — Conner, near Union and Webster Etc ;
large lot. «7:Cxl20; 3 frontages; a snap;
street work all done.
$4.750— Rents $510 per annum; Treat ave.;
j 2 desirable flats of 0-5 rooms and bath
each, and stable on rear end of lot;
25xll7:«; 2 frontages.
$4,500— Rents $576 per annum; clcse to 3d
and Folsom sts.; two 2-story dwellings
; of S rooms each: a splendid buy
i $4,000 — Goldrn Gate ave.; choice building lot,
3.1:4x137:6. in one of the beat residence
blocks of Golden Gate ave.
$1,200— Alpine »t., west line; 301:6 north of
14th st; 25x90.
> For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record containing a list of
property for sale in all parts of the city, apply
; at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
I 20 Montgomery St
i C. M. WOOSTER CO.. W8 MARKET ST.
$35,000—8 erand new modern flam. 6 and 7
' rooms and bntli; on a northwest corner of
Webster st: larre lot. 33:(;xl00; rents low;
$3600..
; $H'.,000 — Four handsome new modern flats 6
and 7 rooms and bath; rents $ICSO per annum;
near Halcht and Webster «ts.
$11.000— Splendid 3-story building; 3 flats.
7-H-7- rooms, baths, etc.; on Howard et. near
' 14th; rents $1050: this property has a great
future.
I ' - • ' !
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THIS?
$10,500 — Three handsome new flats. 5-5-7
¦ rooms and bath; always rented: l>ays $1080; i
; vrlthln half a block of Sutter and Stockton;
lot 30x60.
MUST BE BOLD TO SETTLE AN ESTATE.
I $10,000— Etore *nd 2 flats; 6-7 rooms and
I bath on th* bett part of Howard st., close to
eth; rents very low. $960; lot 25x!K>; this is
; an exceptional barraUi.
j $8000 — Corner on Lacuna St.. near Jefler-
; son •Suare; 2 b«y-*-indow houses. R and 9
rooms; rent 5720; can «anily be remodeled into
; flats At a small expense.
i $8000^-Beautirul comjre. 0 roomt and hath.
I and 2 new modern rear flnu; rent* $720- on !
j Geary St.. close to Girls' High School; large
' lot. 30x137:6.
*55«0— Two new up-to-date flat*; near Noe
end Market «ts, : (I and 7 rooms and bath;
rents $600: lot <
$5000 — Two hnnrlsu me fi>t» on Dimond st .
. near ISth; rents $4S0: larne lot. 35x125; also
; stable.
$4000— The house next door built from the
tame plans at the same time by the same man
was recently sold at $4500; this beautiful
, residence contain* 0 room« and bath; lot °5x
114; n*ar 21»t and Castro.
i 8400O— An exceptionally well built and hand-
¦ somely finished residence. 7 rooms and bath.
! In tbe best condition; on Lombard boulevard
near Van Ness ave.
! WOO— Rents $456; two handsome flats 5-7
i rooms; lot 25xS0; near 4th and Folsom
; $:iOOO— Handsome cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
! new plumblnr. etc.; on Baker st. near Sut-
| ter: mortgage *2lC0 can remain.
$2500— Beautiful new handsome up-to-date
, little gem of a house; 5 rooms and bath; hieh
, basement; lot 25x112; in the warm belt cf the
I Mission
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st.
! DON'T delay getting your own '•home" and
: quit once and for alt paying; rent. A few
years roll around quick, end Instead of rent
receipts you obtain a d^ed for a permanent ;
shelter for your family. Reflect what it
; would mean to you, anfl.act upon it. Don't 1
j e*v, I wlfhed I had started years ago- If '¦
you have made a mistake, overcome it and ;
J don't cry for spilled milk. *\V can build
for you in any locality; our interest charges
are at bank rates. We own lot* in all sec-
tions of the city, and can find you a suit-
able lot Cc:ne in and ltt us talk matte's
over with you. ¦ •
WEISSBEIN BROS. A CO.. Home Providers
61« Sacramento St
POINT RICHMOND. .
Now Is the time to buy.
One-half million dollars additional
Now being Invested by the Standard Oil Co
Santa Fe tract is the best
Lots level. ; street* graded.
?5 per month.
! McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
! T5 PER month will buy a fine level buildin*
lot at Ocean View; one-holf block from cars:
close to the proposed car shop* of the United
Rallroadj; fine buy. McEWEN BROS 118
Montgomery £t.
GREAT bargain in the Excelsior District-
only ?20O; short distance from Misslon--t'
cars, close to the proposed car shops of th«
United Railroads. MCEWEN BROS 118
! Montjomery st
BARGAIN in Florida-st lot. near Twentv-
! eixthj $000. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Mont-
I sromcry at. •'.•." :-
i ___^______ — — —^_________
I $4000 — TWO flats. Puno.nez Bt: eood Invest-
! rnent McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
• 1250— ?50 DOWN, balance $10 per month; "fine
: lots, 25x100, near MlsrJon and Thirtieth tts •
streets Mwered and zradfwl; 2 blocks from
Guerrero et car*. B. P. OLIVER. 114 Mont-
gomery at :.-'.•-•
- '
WHY NOT BUILD
o^. that vacant lot of yours? We • loan full
cost or improvements and part lot at 6 per
cm: plan* furnished if desired; see us
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building i
'' $3350— SNAP! Maple st. nr. Sacramento-
houre. 0 r. and b.;barn, with hard-finished
rooms upstairs: 27:6x110. AUSTIN F sham
NON. 323 Montgomery st. :
LIBERTY. B near Guerrero— Residence worth ¦
! _**^j_ m^U^r^*t.__Box_SQ4 1 l. Call office"
i 4 CHEAP lots in Sunset DlstrlctT Appiy~"700
j Ellle. cor. Larkln; title perfect.
1 $300<>— 0-room house. 2773 Twenty-third 6 t7-
; this is a forced sale, and will not" refuse a
fair offer; could be made Into flats with a
• very little expense; will loan $2&OO on this
P. COFFIN. 2528 Mission at. near 21st.
j NEW colonial bouses, containing 2 fiats of ~b
room*, reception hall;. rents $46: ?5r.<>0; easy I
1 payment*. B it, bet. 3d and 4th aves.
REAL ESTATE-tCCTT — TOB 8AU.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.* ¦
21S and 220 Montgomery St.. *
Mills Building.
i» 1 A i\ I j\ £ * V X i'> W •
.EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
¦ Overlooking the Golden Gate. Twenty-sev-
enth ave.. north of Lake st These lots espe-
cially adapted for homes, being 37 :tf ft wide
by a depth of 120 feet; price $1300 each; cash
or terrrt; street work and eewer completed.
$14,5C0 T -Pays 10 per cent net; Sanchez st,
. ¦ near 14th;- 6 modern flats, 5-0 rooms and
bath eacti; lot 51x125 ft; rents $142 50.
On* of. th* best propositions on the mar-
v k«t' ¦-
$11,000— Page et, near Lyon; 3 new flats. Just
finished; 6-7 rooms and bath; rents $105.
$C,000-^Shrader st, near Golden G-vte Park
Panhandle; residence Just finished; ev-
ery modern Improvement; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100 ft; very artistic.
$25,000— -Beautiful marine view residence on
Washington st, near Locust; thoroughly
modern* in every respects containing all
up-to-date conveniences; lot 53x127 :SV4
feet
POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
•£" EAM OF PANHANDLE PROPERTY,
SITLATE ON COLE, SHRADER GRATTON
AND ALMA STREETS.
„ FIRST SUBDIVISION,
btrwts and lots graded, macadamized and
sewered; every lot ready to build on. For
further particulars, prices, etc.. Inquire at our
office. Special Inducement offered to builders.
$2,000 — Athbury et., near Hayes; lot 25xlCG:3
feet, adjoining Golden Gate Park: eewer
and gas connections made; a snap.
$30,000 — Northwest corner, opposite Alamo
square; elegant apartments, renting for
?212;50 per month; lot 70x125; partially
improved. , •
$12,500— Stores and fiats on Sacramento st,
near Central ave.; rents $110 per month;
lot 50x100 ft.
$8,250 — Devlsadero-Bt. corner, near Eddy, with
.fine 2-Btory residence; lot 25x100 ft;
price is very reasonable.
$10,<KK) — Filbert «t. near Hyde: fine marine
view; residence of 10 rooms and bath;
lot 48x137:6 ft.
• __^ ¦
$0,000 — Devlsadero, near Haight: residence, 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
$17,000— 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison; 70x05 ftj
fine site for modern business building.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.. .
218 and 220 Montgomery St., Mills Bldg.
A FEW LOTS LEFT— TITLE INSURED.
Buy a home In the suburb of Frisco. .
And your earnings with sense will be spent
Your wife and her children will blees you
And rejoice in a home free from rent.
4j2cjtA <f/7$T/is "*>
<4f£^£f*L o- « cj * w
: Uda/lIcWlaVr
PLYMOUTH AV
Don't miss thlt chance; secure a home!
THI3TLETON, Ocean View; JOOST SONS A
CO., 320 Bush st. -4^:
A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate ~ Agents. *'
* 112 Montgomery st. -
$27,000 — Mission and 24th sts., NW. corner",
large lot; 128x117:0; three frontages.
$14,000 — Make offer; Ellis tt; 3 new modern
improved flats; between Flllmore ani
Steiner; rents $112 50 per month;
$9,000— Reduced from . $10,500 — Sacramento
st; fine modern up-to-date residence;
latest modern Improvements; electric
fixtures; 9 rooms and bath; lot 28:l)x
ICO; property muet be sold owing to the
departure of the owner from the State;
make an offer.
$55,000— Elegant residence on Broadway; ma-
rine view: lot 68:9xl27:8Vi.
$10,250— Polk St.. between Filbert and Green-
wich; 3 new modern flats; rents $100
per month: lot 25x8T:6.
$32,00*— Eddy-st. apartment-houte; renting for
$2460 per annum; under 5-year secured
lease; lot 37x120 to rear street.
$7,500— Laguna-et. house of 10 rooms and
bath; between Bu*h and Pine.
$5,600— McAllister st; store and flats above:
between Laguna and Buchanan; lot 23
feet front.
— Jackson st, near Baker; lot 28:0x128.
?5,C0O- — Union st. near Buchanan; store and
flats; rents $38 per month: lot 27:0x110.
$14,000 — Halcht st; 3 flats; rents $1040 per
annum; 'ot 30x137:0: between Laguni
and Buchanan.
$26,000— Broadway Investment, near Kfarny;
large lot. 60 feet front: double frontage ;
rent* $200 per month.
$7,500 — Pine-st residence, 0 rooms and bath;
north Hide, near Baker: lot 27:0x137 -.ft.
Exchange — A beautiful home In Alameda. 1212
Paru st., for residence In city; owner
' will pay cash • difference.
A. J. RICH & CO.,'
112 Montgomery st;
BALDWIN A STETSON.
317 Montgomery Bt., near Pine.
Telephone Grant 137. '
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors. :
City Agents German Alliance Insurance CO.
See to-day's Chronicle — different Hat.
OERRERO-ST. BARGAIN.
$3,500— Rent $3C0;. substantial house of 7,
bath, brick foundation, etc.: 30xSO: can
be changed Into 2 flats at small outlay;
offer wanted. - -
CHEAP COTTAGE HOME. s .
$4,250— Very cozy; 8, bath; electric light; At-
tic, basement,, etc.; pretty grounds;
Choice location Western Addition.
NEW SACRAMENTO-ST.- FLATS.
$7,500— Rent $840: 2 new, modern, tunny flats;
• • larce.lct. 27:0x132.
ANOTHER ONE HARD TO BEAT.
$8,500— Rented very low at $852: will bring at
least $900: 4 very good, sunny iflats on
Oak st: 2 frontaa-cs; 27:fixl20. * ¦
SPLENDID MISSION INVESTMENT.
$9,600— $072; very low rental; will pay at leatt
10 per cent net; 6 good, 3-year-old flats;
:'..•..' 63 feet front. . . . •
MUST BE QL'tCK SALE. ¦
$12,500— Offer wanted to close estate; . rent
$1260: 3 elegant, modern flats In excel-
lent Western Addition neighborhood.
BALDWIN & 8TETSON. 317 Montgomery st.
$7500— ASHBURY HeifrhtA home*: select local:
~ lty; superb view of park and ocean; no flats
In this block; itreet work done: houies con-
tain parlor in white and gold; hall 12x20
ft., with staircase, all In natural wood; large
dlnlng-rcom, beamed celling, all paneled In
natural wood: ideal kitchen, -with every con-
venience, wood work natural pine: four sun-
ny bedroom*, all handsomely finished; plumb*
. ing, gas fixtures, etc, . all A No. 1; stone
steps In front; fine garden with cement
walk*, etc.; Not, ft53 to 857 Clayton st;
transfer from any park car to Masonlo ave.
and rifle to Clayton and Carl ttt. JOHN
¦ 8T1ERLEN. owner and builder, on premiset.
WHY NOT BUILD ¦ ¦¦• •• \
on that vacant lot of yours? We loan full
cost of Improvements and nart lot at. 6 per
cent:, plan* furnished If desired.. S4e us.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bldg.
FOR Bale— Great bargain; cor. Eighteenth and
Colltngwcod .tts.: ttore. 3 living rooms, sta-
ble, wagon shed . and flat of 0 rooms and
bath. See owner 'on the premises,
. WHY NOT BUILD '. .'• '•, : .
on. that vacant lot of yours? W* loan full
cost of Improvement! and part lot at • per
cent: plans furnished if desired. See us.
;-¦; MANHATTAN, LOAN CO.. Crocker bid*
BEAL ESTATE — CITY — TOR SAXB.
" Q Q Q **&. P * *',¦ \-
«8 cj ff w * I ***&
' _Ho_L -£S££i - • \
' SOt£> 3ar' ' * : sxs' I
' ¦ wr',' '. zuL 1
9_ *<**' J* ' .**¦»' - i
l i_ ¦•«,• f n y "•
i I fc S 1
rv, — * — ei — : * : £&i !
N • ' - soz-o'i J 2 I
', — ! "' " *• " *** \
I "^J SOL O-\ ~T /» I
\) *x_5 2 — ti&
\t7t\*3\ - I - I - I** Xid' I 1 * Jk<r \Mf\
DuDoce' Alfe- !
NEW Block Subllvlded.
Sixty lots fronting on Devtsadero, Castro,
14th street Duboce avenue.
The best and cheapest lots in the city for
- • the money.
Price. $1400 to $2000.
Terms, 1-5 cash; balance 1. 2, 3 and 4 years.
Streets bltuminized; sewers laid. No other
property in the city with similar advantages
for sale at such low price*. Splendid sur-
roundings; charming views. Close to Duboce
and Buena Viota Parks.
30 Lots Already Sold.
Ten houses of a superior class now under
conatruction; $C0,0GO already spent on Im-
provements; a splendid opportunity to make
money; values bound to increase; an excel-
lent location for a home or flats.
• SEE THEM TO-DAY.
Take Hai£ht-st. cars to Scott or Devlsa-
dero.. Walk two short blocks south.
LYON A HOAG,
116 Montgomery St.
" HAIGHT ST. LOTS.
WALLER ST. LOTS.
ASHBURY ST. LOTS.
CLAYTON ST. LOTS.
LOTS FOR BUSINESS
LOTS FOR RESIDENCES.
LOTS FOR FLATS.
LOTS FOR INVESTMENT.
Go immediately and see the block bounded by
above streets; it is the last Panhandle block
to be subdivided; all the streets are accepted
and stone walks are laid.
The lots will be sold in sizes to suit on easy
terms if desired. The prices placed on the
property are extremely low and when this
block is sold can never be obtained again.
We ask you to look at the rapid growth Halght
st. In thlt neighborhood hat lately made. See
the new stores all rented. There is a etrong
demand for more. Buy a lot, corner or in-
side, build stores and fiats. It will pay big
Interest and increase in value. Lots on the
other streets are high-class residence lots
and will prove good Investments. No prop-
erty in the city will pay as well when Im-
proved.
It will pay you to go out to the block to-day
and secure your choice.
LYON A HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
LYON A HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed, list of property for sale
: In all sections of the city.
! .- ) EXCELLENT INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$25,000—5123 square feet; downtown in-
vestment; 2 blocks from City Hall; fine site
for apartment house and hotel; get particu-
lars Jrom the office.
BIG BARGAIN, WESTERN ADDITION.
. $8250— A fine two-«tory double house of 8
large rooms and bath each; rented low at
$65; big lot; surroundings the* best; near
Baker and Sacramento sts.
MISSION FLATS.
$7.000— Rents $720; 2 dandy flats, 5 and 6
rooms and bath; very sunny, everything
modern; lot over 30 feet; 2 frontages; nice
• views; handy to Twenty-second and Guer-
rero ' st. i cars.
x WESTERN ADDITION CORNER,
$24,000 — Rents $200 a month; 5 brand new
fiats substantially built; beamed ceilings;
beautiful tints; all the electric appliances;
on a corner lot, 37:6x96:10. near McAllister
street.
INVESTMENT NEAR JEFFERSON 8QUARE
$18,500 — Fine Investment on sunny side
Golden Gate ave. ; ; nearly 70 ft frontage;
fine cite for apartment house.
INSIDE JONES ST.
$10,000 — Three flats. 6 and 6 rooms and
bath; rents $S50 a year; large sunny lot near
. Jones and Washington sts.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
i $9850— Three new flats; rents $95 a month;
lot 30x83 feet: A«hbury Heights near Fred-
erick and AshbUry sts.
BARGAIN IN PANHANDLE.
$7000 — Two new flats, rents about $700 a
year; lot 25x100 feet; near Page and Clay-
ton sts.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
$4050 — Brand new residence of 7 rooms
and bath; every convenience; 25x120; handy
to 3 car lines; near Fourth ave. and Fulton
et. LYON & HOAG.
. . - 116 Montgomery tt ,
SOMK NEW LOTS
NEVER OFFERED BEFORE.
$850 TO $95Q.
$100 CASH— 510 MONTHLY.
If you want to make money or secure a
choice home site, be out to the new block
to-day; offered for the first time. It Is be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh aves., J and K
sts.. only 2 blocks from the car line and
Goldt-n Gate Park.
The land lies on a slight elevation over-
looking the Park and Golden Gate, and com-
mands a good view of the ocean.
Land at $34. $35 and $36 a front foot so
close to the business center of a large and
rapidly growing city like San Francisco Is
j extremely cheap.
j . Don't hesitate. See the block to-day. Con-
] sider the price; you must realize it cannot
remain at theae figures long. Rfemember the
streets aro macadamized, sewered, etc.
LYON & HOAG,
11C MONTGOMERY ST. •
MADISON A BURKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1658.
SO Montgomery st Opposite Lick Hous*
$40,000 — Corner on Octavla st, near Sutter;
flats renttn? for over 9 per cent; lot
UOxfiTsS.
$18,500—2 fine new flats on Washington st,
near fine park; 8 r.nd 0 rooms and bath;
rent $lU8o per annum. -
$20,000— Powell-st. buslneen property; 65-foot
front, running through to rear street;
old improvements paying $1260 per an-
num; fine property to Improve.
$10,750— Page tt; 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $000.
$6,000— Bryant st, nr. 3d: modern flats; well
rented; lot 23x80. -
$8,000— Folsom st. near 2d. north tide of
street; large lot, and house of 13 rooms.
$3,100— Harrison st, near First; bout* rents
$16: lot 20x0S:0.
(4,100— Flllmore St.. near Grove: lot 25x
107:6.
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTY.
$5.000— 2 -modern flats; 5 rooms and bath
each; near Market and' Guerrero tts.;
rent $504 \.tt annum.
$5,000 — Two fine lots: Beulah st, near Stan-
.- -.. ¦¦ y an: 50x137:6., ....
$1,975 — Harrison. St.. near 2Sth: fine cottage
6 rooms and bath; tot 25x110; cheap.
$4,600-rChattanooga st, near Twenty-third;
• large lot, 63x117:6 to- rear street
$5,000— North Beach -investment; 4 flats; re'nt
" - $504 per. annum; large lot. 40 ft front.
on Bay st. -vv-" ¦¦: . ¦
Lota 27:6x137:8, on Sutter tt, between Stelner
.'\ and Pierc*.
Bulldlns lots. NE. corner Golden Gat* ave.
and Baker st. ; in sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
' MADISON A BURKE.
80 Montgomery st. opp. lack House.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 35 per week. Mutual
Horn* Building Association. 427 Crotal«y bid.
i BEAL ESTATE — CITT — 1*OB SAIig.
BOARDMAN BROS. A CO..:
Real titate Agents.
laS Montgomery st.
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$15,000— Western Addition Investment : 12 hand-
sorno modern flats. 4 and 5 rooms; all
rented. $4500 yearly.
! $35,000— A Western Addition NW. corner new
flats: elegant and modern; $3600 a year.
! $20.000— Fillmore-st. business property: good
j improvements; stores and tlat3; $1500 a
I year; one of the safest investments on
i the market.
; $17,5CO— Harrlson-st corner, large lot; fair im-
provements; all rented, $1805 a year;
pays l» per cent net.
i $16.CO0 — Webster-st. flats, new and finely fln-
I Isbed; $1050 a year.
j $14,0CO— Clo»e to main entrance to G. G. Park;
i 4 modern flats of 5 and 0 rooms; pay
$13S0 a year and are always rented;
• larse lot; sun in every room.
i $12,000 — C10S4 to Market St. : 8 handsome mod-
i em flats: $1350 a year; nearly 10 p«r
cent net. - •
! ?9,CtO— Clos« to Golden Gate Park: 2 very at-
I tractive, modern flats: $'J00 a year.
I ?S.00O— Near Market *t. « elegant modern
'. flats; $S70 a y-sar; a great snap.
\ $5.i:0O— Ocod Western Addition investment:
key lot. 87:tfxl20; two frontages; rent
: $40; pays S r«.'r cent net.
j $5,000 — 22d. near Guerrvro: 4 good flats; rent
l $51 per month.
! $4.000— Mission ir vestment: 2 pretty flats;
j modern plumbing; $450 rent yearly; $2uuO
I mortgage ran remain.
I $3,650— Natoma-9t. flats. In good condition;
brick loundatloi*.: paying $420 a year.
DO YOU- WANT A HOME? ,
$17,600 — Vallejo st. : handsom« residence of 11
; rooms; grand marine view.
} $8,000— Presiaio Heights: theroughly modern
; and attractive b-roora house.
$4,C0t — Mission home of tt rooms; modern
plumbing; beautiful garden and fine
view.
! $3,500 — Johnson ave., close to Pt. Lobos; fine
2-story bay-window house of 7 rooms.
$3,000— McAllister st. near Oolden Gate Park;
1 very pretty cottage: modern.
$2,500— Fine Mission cottage, near Castro-st
car line 6 rooms and bath; lot 20x114.
$1,850— 50-foot lot and cottage, north side of
i 25th st: a bargain for homesstkur.
' $12,000 — Magnificent marine view lot in Pre-
sidio Heights; wide view cannot be cut
off; choicest neighborhood; 40x110; or
can sel 1 80 feet for $23,000.
I $5,C0O— Presidio Heights lot, running to Pre-
; sidlo wall; magnificent view; nothing on
the market better than this.
$5,500— Near Guerrero and 23d; 58x114; a snap.
$2,200^ — Mission snap; 40-foot lot. near 17th xt
BOAUDMAN BROS. A CO., 13S Montgomery st
W. B. McGEREY & CO..
230 Bush st. Mills bldg., ground floor.
$y.5OO — 3 swell new modern flats, 5-5-d rooms
and both and cottage of 5 rooms and
bath in rear; all modern in every respect;
large lot, 27:6x138; rents $1036; best
buy in the Mission.
$11,000— Jackson-st. corner, Inside Jones st. ;
a fine modern flats. 6-6-8 rooms and
bath: rents $1080 per year; choice buy.
$3,200— MiMion warm belt; swell cottage. 5
rooms and bath; lot 25x100: good buy.
$4,250 — 11th ave.. Richmond; 2 fine flats. 5-6
rooms and bath, with cottage in rear;
lot 25x120; rents $503 a year: pays over
10 por cent net; investigate this at once.
$3,500— Swell cottage, Sth ave.. near Clement
St.; lot 25x120; 6 rooms and bath; rents
$25 a month; good investment or home.
$6,500—2 brand new flats on California st;
5-6 rooms and bath; choice neighbor-
hood; rented $t>30 a year; lot 25x100.
$2,000— Special! Special! Reduced from $2700
to make quick sale; 6-room house and
4-room cottage; lot 30x100: Mission
warm belt; must be sold by October 20.
$1,800 — Cottage, good condition, near Mlssion-
I st. earn; 5 rooms; very cheap.
!
I HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
) Do you realize that the growing city of San
, Francisco ha* only a small area of
j Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lota
j fronting the ocean In near future.
! We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000 — Unobstructed ocean and park
view. Lots on easy terms. None like
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss this opportunity; see
them to-day.
$100 to $350 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceanside Branch Office on
+ corner H st and 47th ave, open dally
' and Sunday.
$".C0 to $1100— Choicest Sunset and Richmond
. i».is. On Installments. -
! $100 to $100 — 'Lrt/vel Excelsior Homestead lots,
j near cars; $3 monthly.
; $1250 to $3000 — Modern cottages in Sunset,
1 Richmond. Oceanside and Mission;
> . -. easy terms.
SOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers,
Room 34, fourth floor. Chronicle bldg.
I .
HOAG A LANSDALE.
1C8 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST LOTS IN THE CITY.
Between Van Ne3a ave. and Franklin st : level
and ready to build on; only $1200 and
$1250; you can double your money on
these lots.
See Sth and 6th aves., against th* Pre«ldl9
wall ; grading Is done and bitumen street
work being completed; no flats. Secure
your choice In this beautiful property.
Cheap — Mission cottage, on Bryant ave., near
24th st; 6 rooms; lot 26x100; only $1850.
$2,300— Hill st; 4-room cottage; lot 23x114.
$25,000— Broadway, near Baker st; six* 87:Cx
137 16; fine marine view.
Rents $80; price $T.'.uO; pays 14 per cent: corner
Int. south of Market st, 45 feet front-
age; a great bargain.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Splendid marine view; brick residence; entire
ground floor paneled in mahogany; for
particulars call at office.
PINE. NEAR POWELL.
! Four new flats renting for $183 per month; a
; good, cafe Investment; price $22,600.
Send for our list of lots In all parts of th*
city.
HOAG A LANSDALE.
108 Montgomery st
WHITE A BAYLEY,
Successors to W. J. Whit*.
$325 — Lots, block 24th cars; sewer, water;
nice neighborhood: $25 down, $10 month.
I $1350— Lot." 25x125. Eureka st. near 20th.
! $850 — Fine Mission corner. 60xlC3.
$S50— Elegant lot, 15th ave.. near Pt. Lobos.
$075 — Elizabeth st. 1 block cars; $90 down.
$1400 — Lot on 10th st, near Castro; 25xS0;
choice location for flats.
Read ad under "Country Real Estate."
! 26 Montgomery St., room 8. Phone Main 6704.
i HAWKS A SKELTON.
' Rents Collected and Entire Charge Takca of
i • Property.
I 510 000 — North side .Jackson, near Buchanan -
good house of 8 rooms and 2 baths; lot
35x117, to rear street.
$8 500— North side or Vallejo. nr. Polk; good
house of It) rooms; cost $12,000 to build-
may be altered to flats profitably; very
/ fln7 view of bay; lot 45x170. r
$13 500— Fine house; Leavenworth, near Clay-
' 9 rooms and bath: laundry In base men t :
building In flrst-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$18,000— Lot, Larkin. between Chestnut and
* ' jFrandsco; 65x137:6; fine view or bav
assured forever. ***
$3.00O-NE. corner Larkln and Lombard-
* 29:6x110; has tuperb view of bay; stre.;
work all done; neighborhood grgwtor
fait .
15 400— Inside lots adjoining above; 27xiio-
' Hyde-st cars close by. ""•
$7 000— Lot BW. corner Larkin and Lombard-
25x105; fine view of Golden Gat* from
sld* and rear. •-;"
HAWKS & SKELTON. 223 Montgomery st
GET in now at bottom prices. Corbin station,
We*t Berkeley, to be made the terminus West
Berkeley local. Now is your titiance; cheap
lots; trains every half hour; $3 per month
- commutation tickets, Sc each way; only 30
minute* .from San Francisco; only $3 per
month upon each lot Buy a lot In the Horn*
Park Tract and double your money; station
on the ground, surrounded by residences and
factories. J. W. LAYMANCE. 633 Market,
r. 10. or agent on ground. 10 to 5 p. m.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
. Buy a lot In th* city of Richmond. Just
across the bay. where the Standard Oil
Company, Santa Fe Railroad and other big
corporations are spending millions of dollars.
LOTS ONLY $3 PER MONTH.
CaTl for maps, free.
Richmond Land Company. Croker bldg., S. F.
NORTHEAST CORNER FOR SALE.
LOT 81x100 $7500.
Liverymen, dairymen, .actorymen. see this;
barn stable shed, corrals, office building;
title guaranteed: electric and steam rail-
roads. JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate Agent.
420 Montgomery tt.
$10 PKR acre — 40 or SO acre lots: X» dowa;
cheap freight to city. OAMAN. 215 Kearny.
7. : PAGE-8T. RESIDENCE. ~~
1328 Page st, north line, near Central ave.;
2-story dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; lot
25x114. " '¦ - - ¦
"~~" WflT NOT BUILD
on that vacant lot of years? W* loan roll
cost of Improvements and part lot at 8 per
cent; plans ¦ furnished If desired. See us.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bldg.
BEAL rSTATE — CTTT — FOB 3A^g
THORNE A KILPATRICK.
312 Bush at. : Near Montgomery.
INVESTMENTS.
?45.WK) — NE. corner; In hotel district notth of
! Market: vt-xDo, with U frontac«»a; Pais
on bcth streets: present Improvement*
nominal: nr»t-class buildrng would pay
| well.
¦ $42,MK) — Turk st, n?ar Market: strictly modern
hotel building; Improving reighbornivit!.
j Golden Gate ave.. near Market «t: tiS:l)xt:;7:fi;
j value mostly in the land; lea!«<ftl for l'>
' 3 - ears: pays 7 per cent on selling price :
¦ thia property wilt certainly double la
value before lease expires.
j »47,5C0^ — Howard at, downtown; 75-ft front
! through to rear street; old improve-
1 msnts.
• $20,000 — Close to Jefferson square: 3 modem
flats, lately finirhed. 8. 8 and 9 room*
i and baths; flrst-class In every respect:
i rents $147.
I ?15.5OO — Oak st. near Flllmore; lot 35:6x
J 137:6; 3 elegant flats. 6 large rooms and
i bath each; every room sunny and m
' perfect condition: reduced from $-.H>.OO0.
$7,200 — Valencia st. bet. 21st and 22d; good
D-room house; good Investment.
• PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
I ?8,C<K> — Buchanan rt.. south of V3llejo; T
| rooms and bath: marine view.
UNION ST.
-nr -ft -irr i'* «'« sold s
Sold g
.8 % % I 11: »«ooo 1 i
'-l \ \ \ ** m '—^n <
So;d :
• eooo t. "*
I o^ 2 22 ><oo ° s z
I j "> " CO CD w Cfl? 2
* * »62JO S 5
• »23O •
;?< yrt ft fM.. ?7* Xii. *+*-T\9 M .
GREEN BT.
West side of Van Ness ave.. from Cnloa t*
i Creen; most notable subdivision In years; sur-
rounded by first-class improvements: price*
! very low and certain to prove a lucrative In-
vestment; inside lots fronting on Van Ness
j ave.. 27:6xUH> feet. $600O; next to corners) oa
I Van Ness ave.. 27:0x100. $6500: corner, san*
, size. *3'J."X>; key lota, fronting on either Oreen
; or Union. 27:8x137:6. $4000: Inside lota oa
' either Green or Union. 27:3*137:8. $3500; act
| quickly and secure your choice; thes* ar* all
1 large lots; no grading to be done; street work
j accepted.
OTHER CHOICE BUTLDDfO LOT3w
$7,600— East side of Van Ness av*.. north, of
! Union: 85x107:3.
$6.500— Golden Gate ave., near T^gnna; 27:4
xl37:6.
$2,700 — Fulton, near Stanyan, close to Ootdan
Gate Park and commanding magnificent
view of both Golden Gate and the
Park; each 25x137:6.
$300 each — California ut. west of 21st av*.
and west of 22d; lots 30x100; sewers In.
SPEflAU
$2,250 — Including- completed street work: key
lot. 25x102:6 ft: east line Learenworth,
87 :6 north of Chestnut: surrounded by
elegant new Improvements; cheapest lot
In the city.
THORNE & KILPATRICIC
_V_7_ 312 Bush at.
CALIFORNIA
TITLB INSURANCE A TKL'ST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FKOM MILLS BUILDINO TO MOUK
COMMODIOUS QUAHTEKS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
OUR POLICY OF TITLE INSURANCE 13
A BOND, under seal. prom:alng on behalf of
this corporation, to pay any loss which may
arise by reason of a defective title.
THE CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE
AND TRUST COMPANY'S WELL-KNOWN
j facilities for obtaining accurate Information
! about real estate giva it speo.al qualification*
• as a trust company acting In any tru.ii capac-
j itjr where real estate, forma part of the trudt.
I THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
callty plant or copy of the real estate records.
I constructed especially for insuring reii estate
j titles like modern plants of New York, Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
all matters controlled and managed by the fol-
lowing
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAJ1 ALVORD.
President* Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour, Guthrie A Co
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAU
Manager Anglo-Californlaa Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney A Olney. Attorneys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAOE.
Pase. ilcCutchea A Knight. Att'yt.
i A. T. SFOTT3.
M^r. Cal. Title In*, and Trnst Co.
' JOHN R. SPRING.
j _j Capitalist. B30 California St.
i FLORIN L. JONES A CO.. Real Estate Ag«nta.
Room 224. Second Floor, Mills Building.
t $25,COO — Choice modern marine view residencei
12 rooms; 2 baths: hardwood floors; Urg*
lot: view fully protected.
$3,500— Choice, sunny, marine view lot: 2T:&x
137 :6; Pacific Heights; or 55 feet
$7,500 — Modern 9- room residence, well planned*
Paclflc Heights.
$10,000—12 rooms and bath; tot 27:8x110: day
st. Inside Jones; look at thia.
$14,000 — Choice modern 0-room re«ldenoe; hard*
! wood floors; artistic plans; built for
home; owner must leave city: bargain.
$10,750 — Choice modern 7-room Cats; rent $100:
Paclflc Heights; every room light
$17.000 — Fine larsr* northeast corner oa Vaa
Nes* ave.: 43x123; for apartments.
J10.0CO — Corner residence; 13 rooms- Paetfla
Helshts.
$32,500— Income property: 47:9x137:8; store*
and flats; rent $310; Larkln St., bet.
Geary and OTarrell; excellent order; al-
ways rented: right In th* lln* of im-
provements; improvements good
FLORIN L. JONES & CO.. Mills Bull din*.
"W. J. GtTNN.
830 CALIFORNIA ST.
{Savings Union Building.)
A few of the bargains we offer:
$1700— Unlcn-st lot. 27:6x110; araany «ld»:
Just about what It In assessed for.
$1600— Lake-st. ; sunny sids; 27:6x72.
$5500 — Lakc-st NW. corner: fronts on park;
for a residence It 1> the choicest lot la
Richmond; 79:8x72.
$4250 — NE. ccr. Clement st. and 12ta av*.;
the tunny corner; 120x50: grand corner
for store and flats; splendid lot to Im-
prove; we have peremptory order to sell;
submit offer; choicest business corner la
Richmond.
$4000— NE. cor. Clement st. and lOta atr*.:
the sunny corner; 32:8x100; will b* a
transfer corner for Calif oraivit branch :
grocers, examine this corner; make of-
fer; a bargain can b* obtained; eaole*
business lot; it will pay 2 per cvot a
month on tha Investment.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California at.
W. F. AMBROSE! 4 CO..
Rsal Estate Brokers.
$SS,COO — Rent $365 per. mcnth; new. modem and
In the best renting district la the West-
ern Addition.
$30,000— Rents $300 per month net; two front-
ages ; one block from Sutter and Powell
. .- sts.
$26,000— Lot 44x112:6; four tenants; rents $165
per month; Powell, near Market st
$17.000— «7xl37:0; grand marine view; 20- room
residence, east of Hyde st; fin* sit* for
apartment or flatsi
W. F. AMBROSE A CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle Building-.
ONLT A FEW LEFT.
$1 23 PER WEEK. '' ¦ ' -
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots la the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a> billiard table; on street
grade: close to fine school; not far from the
Mlsslcn-st electric cars; secor* one aa aa
Investment and by the Urn* It la paid for It
will have doubled la value th* way prices
have advanced during the past year: buy
now before prices b*eom« prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. r. S. Phone Mala 3704.
FINK buy; th* NE. cor. Clement aad 10th
ave.; 32:6x100; splendid business, cor. and
for flats above; a druggist Ions; established.
doing big business, would like to Interview
the purchaser of this lot. '.with a view ot
leasing for 5 or 10 years th* store when
built; the prtce asked Is $4000. but the In-
struction* are to. submit any offer; a bar-
gain can be had: It will be a transfer cor.
for branch of Callfornla-st. road down lltb
ave. to the Chutes and park. -
W. J. GUNN. S30 California st
FOR sale — Handscm* new house. Just com-
pleted, at 121 Falrmount st ear>i
6 nice rooms and bath: oak mantel, ¦ gas; bit
handsome sideboard: tinted walls; poreelali
bath; wash trays; cement walk; lot 23x12-*.
$800 cash; balance like rent
LOVELY home; 8 rooms and b»th; lOta st,
near Ouerrero; cheap. Address Box 1808. C*UTHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 19W.
43
jtEAX ESTATE — CTTT— TO» SAXS. {
-~*rtr~ iu - t vxlue; 3 fine >v«: Issa, earaer. t
— *;"-*S *= lax-leaile; cc*t $400.
..* rco ~^ »=a-P. let 27; -1x114. Sta. sexr;
LSSJQa^
$*120— Latjsj crrser. SCxIOO. es ti« frxie. His
- "¦*¦•*«-. x: O^xa V.«w.
_K=^— 3eautir-il let. 23xl». <=. r*visxier-j ,
* r «-P exr Hxix-id; fiae Ieeatlca; atreet fisisied. |
— 'Wei'.-fccilt csttxar- en Sta'.e at., sexr •
»™j w-^i 5-r^cm cccta*»; let "^^-T^g
*— *"" — Ecus« ef f t» — « aai .ct ;a Greea at..
*"t" Mcat5-:mery: ciea»-
H?^— War: effer; 7-rccs: xa4 bxti sew \
sotis* cc Elixxieti stL. sexr eiectris cars.
*-""'*— Pays 12 sm? taat ca erveatmeat: 4 :
'*»: 2xt» sexr 3ti aai Fclscm; !ct 22x*<>. rssta ;
$-7 5A; t«-ant 3 y-xra-
tSOCO—Bzz let. 2s«.137:f. witi plaia 2-«tsry ,
• r-scrsa xmd batk aaii stable; Siemer. near ;
Far?
$^~''^i — 2 t '711 ft: lot TlilU; ca Greeswica, '
sex- F!TL=ic~ ; mxks xa cf:*r.
$5Sc<i — Lxrge ".ct »-«* c-:tzjLg* ca Sutttr at.. :
s-»r FLLsscr*.
SsCQO — Mr'i-r-s bay-«~.adcw 2-srcry iocse. 10 '
roejsa m : 5ati; large Let, 42x137: eici're pan. :
"^•sters Aiiiticn: a_ fiae crier; rxp» bar- .
fxts.; necse a-cne ccat mirre.
$ •.•.(*•> — 4-srcry bnck cs Clay tt.. sexr Dn-
pajBt; S3 feet rrcct: rests $13«>J: a snxy.
$I2.S»-irv— 3-srsry mc«i«rs tcildis*. stsr» xsd
fiata. Ha7«s •:.. 2 bl-cia frcia Mxricet; gc«d
IS.' IXW. __^
»;«w Bac» ca tie Grxsd Own Bexcit::
Grxied Let* R2*dy to Buiii ec :
Q-i'— r xad Pneaa Tell — Exsy Terms:!!
Es-crS TUw— Cxi, far Mx? xsi Du*r*zs«.
EicSmeai T^istnr!:— <raci<» Graded Lcca!*.:
Z -r «.-.**- Sim*' E-rer Offered — Easy tvp—-«
$2-3 te $SOC — Ncrti ef tie Fxrk Lcta'.::
C-^p. Crrecxe-s Lrxxa xsd Xtxr Ciitea^ — Ji sa,
$3=3 ta $13»— gesaet Ke^stj Leta, $3 =a. aj. .
$3SC t= $20C — IS-Jr xv>«. Bodrrxri Ictx, $3 sax
$73 ta $2;0— Ocean H-igits xa4 Oeexaaida
Lets. J" 2£mti.
Stww Else* ia tie Exce'jier Esnesteajd't!
$l.Sv— 6plesi:d L«v«: Lets — ,'uxr Tiisx of It.
G*t x Hcs:« ca Exsy Terse*— City Water.
$73 ta $!'»— Oceaa View Le-ni Letx, $3 ma.
$13CC ta $50tx: — Ctttxr^s anl Hscaea ca TV— «
CxZ xt my effice. "P-xrs. 22. r~nvf Zaoe. ¦
PTNX. =exr TxyUcr. 3 sew -i-«
•^3<» — Frederick, st. ; 2 s«w fixtx, % m-j •
rraea xad bx^s.
»4S»— Na« st.. ar. l!i; 2 fiats. 3 aad «
rccias: tazi.
X.-^.Xi — .rtur-i mz.: 3 sata. J. 3 aad « rxci.
$C*» — :cr. tTaurca a=d r-ay: atrr* aad fiat;
P-art vt-ac: r-xiy ta build en.
tZZ.<— 3T;«.^a r-jrx xve.; 5 r>rma; lei :3CxTX i
|I7T«>— Tiirtieti St.. aear Cisrci. let 3.:-si:4.
wiSott let. 52x53: sr-xj.
ffUYO— WaHer-t. =cuse. * ncs». bata.
P aTTZ.~j -: N" ro.:m 2T2 Sa=i=«- blig.
GET x ic=«.
Buili ca yrcr varxst tct xsi grt exA ts-
terest cs ysur is'vestsietit : rr vj w^l rrccur-
ywi x let xsd build J3« x ictae ca exsy pxy-
=*at« ia asy eectlec cf ti* city or Oxklisii.
•"xll ani ta_* it ever x=-i exam-.ae soce cf
c-zr p^aaa. PT?Nn32. ?.SAl.~ r <~*"- *' i
Market sz.. suite XX.
$^' r — I>:C :> % rin tf- Mcatxsx tt., sexr Ori-
ri; a- a;; 7 T3* Hunt tz.
$l".-rT:.jr. : r>:ms. -n 25t- -t. : $21*V
5< v rr23r atreet rrr—f - -ement wxlx
•rienery r-_. rr. 3^>ri. Arcl? ZZi-7 xjeicc st.
T"?. «a.« — A let 4-'xlO f?et fir sxle ciexp.
1*1 1 ?as J:*»- a,T*.
ALL w-rk riarrsteed first class by AHL-
11ATE3. plumbers. KA Ecwxrl st.
TLTfi'i ESTATE— CO L' 3TBT — Pss Sxle.
J"-" 3 - farms, soijt raacces. •¦—-*— '* aad v-iue-
7u~i Ixada cx-1 ar stud fcr caia-csuea. Bo-
rj=er=ei & Ca. 50T Cx^Tcrsix ft.
s#r»ral trxeta ef re-iwool usicer Zxsis
190 ta IA OOfl <^ acp- xcr-s.
$73 xs xcre — ISO xcrta t-jle veg^txiie '^"i.
producrtg U.r?;e crcpa pctiroes. ccm. beaas.
• ¦ • : rr-t r^- JS xn xcr»: en way zj Stcckncn.
*T-*j— RaTica. 1H a^res, 1= tie =a;:'a:3:
Tr»ar *-rfe>?i: <rc r-5«.i frrrn Wlii -5 .-i;«»t:
•Hi iocse xnd bam xad -rrciar-i. farm aciii
;xmre Uad; wtti pieacy c< wtcd xsd s?rci«-
»xter: Ixiy cwr.*r ret^izg 1 .
$1^2<* — 1-1-xcre fruit x=<l Essn. w-.Us '
5-rrcm iccse xsd Sara; xll ia et-raari xsd j
s«*r S.:ncaxx; « nice iirra*.
$25<»^I>e^«i ral^y farm: 38> acres; aear
Sxrta Rcsa.; wrti x icuse xai tan.
SC.w»^ — N r* ccrae ta.-= n«ar Eayw-tris : 4
acres; *U fruiT: 2i«>iem cctca^*. S T~>^o.a
xr.-i bata: cam xai r<--«liry ate-cs-. iaciu'ies
- caa ici tesxr. BS implements; cxll fir
-»—-¦—¦»-»
yt30B XVaa i^t*: rxrst, 4-5 xcres. ca
Ccadxlscsa Cre*k. ietwees Sas -cae xsi L.:s
'Iizzm. ieuse *. rccr=s xai bars; orcaar-i aad
v-.r»yir-i; ia<:laie» aorse, \xjbcj. nv, poultry ,
ri_e frcsi Napa.; 5«> a-rre». r^.ce iouse aad
bars xsd 23 acres ia par-sa; crcixru; see
$4 30 xs xcre csly — ISCO xcrea ca Br^ssixa
5irt-»r xsd'xt rxilrcad stxties; a Mestociso
vcuscy; »«v«rxl suatre-i xcrea I«r»l bcttcta
aad piatexx iaad: rzcH scil fcr grain, xlfilfx
«=ii fruCT: rear, is till, pasture and wood j
iaad; s^xriy e-rwrgi weed ta pxy fcr tie
lami-
$ZXZ&>— Fine atccic raneii: 3-iOO acres: -rn
¦at :f rsulr^ad. scrti cf WHIita: witi f-cd
i-:l^^Pi. se-r-rxl iuadre-i acres firsi Lxsi:
r™ -f srxier xsi ticuaasis et txs c£s. xsd
w-^c; ¦ — ;«r se^. tj cicat! estite; tersis xicut
~"?.:7H£?JC:". * CO.. t>'~ '?xltforsix st.
o^ *. 1 an^* r~— f^ . aT51
•4 r-:nai«: =rjti»r3.; loc SCxlTO; ia Piedmont;
3 cl-^cxs from Sey rcute; fine sei«-iicraood ; '.
$U v. $l*ti exsi. balxace like Rst
N".:« moders icuse sexrly aew; aexr Lxk:
l'*rrttt;. cicse zz sew streetcar extsssiin. ;
¦»:a:h vtill esixsce txlue; 7 rcetss: let 53x I
232; price C15->: $2C0 exsi. >«'«- •» 2ie reat. I
3 racma; modern: let KxlO); lri=« iiyi,
¦^¦iti cement retii=:ag- wxU: in Ca*t C-ai- :
land. r_«ar aew Key r-rcte service; pr-.ee ¦
$3S."jO; «3i3«> casil, balanee iii« rent.
Massi-jn is East CiiCaad ; 14 rocia*: «
!--«: su.-i 1 : 7 - f:r u^:i.-.i= cr private ios- j
;:txl; IOOO; exs7 t*rr=s.
SSI CxH-Tcmix »".. ;ii Frxsrjc-:, '*»'
$:•><"— 1 J ' .»¦•— -ES ts Lak- Ccusty: gTcd «-
r-jem beuse. bars. cutiuil;iiags: 4 xcres ia '
teartnjp crrhari: € acrea vearetabl**; aiua- j
rta-ce cf wor«l ici w^x*»r: will ccnsiler ex- :
ciar.«;e fc T cry or Oakland jf-j^erty.
im xerea cf r.ea. level, cultivated iasd. I
31erred Cczszr fcr sx> at a fcxrxxrs ax «x-
rsxsx« ft-r pxrk sasd ices or Cxwtlx-i xsd ;
Aianwdx Iota censiiered.
211 acrea 1a P:-sc=xj Ccuaty at a bargain: '
121 xeres ta e=ltiT»tic=; *) iead of car£> 7 I
iirrse*. farming- t~;cis aad macc^rery; '«-
ra r.i residence. 2 larx» b»raa aad oxrbtiiLl- !
ii««: all weU f •-:••:. ---rr.^ -:a- ;- "i-_
rxsge< C. F. M>:-RE. 33T Market *t.^J». i
ltox & koag. a^rxTP.T r-z?As.Tii5F" '
IU Mes.tx-ss.ery n.. Sas Frxscacc.
F^cs trr^atle Wicumruui Vajjey lasds- tie '
fxsreus M^ultca Rxaca, 1S.CCO acres, aixrted \
ti fruit, tcti ertruai and deciduous; alfalfa, •
*i*ar teeta. jari>= truck, etc. in atsaa Ba !
»-:t. frcm $33 tc- $T3 an acre: €-«gxnt acrtig-. ¦
wiriia 5O miles cf Sia Francisco; srxntabie
cr-txr<»ta tie ieart c-f 'Watsccvtlle apple.
b*Tt. -cattle rxaciea. sacxll cr Urge beacrtif-il -
•¦itcrteas ioctes; xttrxctire rrrp<airics» x;
rrsjcscitle rrtc«j ¦
$ ¦"— -*- ~"E? :i- Nipa: 23 acres beanr.* :
ierciard: xsuadxaee cf »¦»: aad water: g->-<i
ti:-;f-T*; acme ser-.nal property iaciaiwi; :
i=e S rrsi "-sd wood; fci*;i. ;
ntaCQ' $) acres. Soccm*; >v«l !x=d; gacd !
fccild=»s. let cf oer»cs*I sreeextry.
$39 per xcre — I»>-acre level gtaerxl fxrst; I
leaced: gr»d bcildisra; Siixso erus-ty.
Several ef^r frutt. g-neral farms *-<\
wzocit. raaebe*; arm* fir excha=«»
QAM AX. 213 Kemrsy at.
tZ5-CT0 — IX-rOME $«X«; Merced O—aty- !
122 *-!<> XTr-»: _*0 *-rea ceaci aad grapes; * \
acres x-.'alfa. 17 xcrea grain: IC5 acres uader
irr^stiai; c^alera If-rccn ecu*?. wt:a gxs
xad xtl e=cv»aieae«; sew Ixrz* tars- tul- ;
psur xad fruit fecosea xad xH tie e«ruip=:esTs *
ct x well criere-i ercaard; Eve atcxrk;
ycu— try, farm . -*- ri^n.^cts, etc include* -
c-ruse cc gentle aicpe. csmmandiaa; ma^aii:- '
real vie«-s - cue mile frcm tcwa. R, jj. atx-
CCS xsd sirio:L
LTCX A ECVG COrXTRT E 3> ART3CEXT.
IU 3f cstjrrctery it.
FOP. SALE. — —
pSrr—Z-~ acres t= rjie eity S— its ef p.-,.
Ssaia: 4 acres ffrre orrftari. all beartna-; iari- !
»¦-'«»¦ iacae cf 5 rrscms. bxti aai paati-^-
r.Tt xsd <rc.'d water; nia* -.*,,.—.._-. g^ :
w:sf-rr;:T xsi tasi : water E f S ed an' ever I
place; r?«d tars: 1« cilekes-becaes. brood-
«r» <-^ > iserfcatrrs; KXW csiTxess; 1 erw 1 i
terse, bucrr xsd »i»cs; 2 seta tarseaa- '
aJl fxi 1 !'..«• tecls; sandy ::*_=- fceastirai ''
nflmwz S3 xrenta. Actress P. O. tcx 44* |
PetxMmx. Cai. j
FC~ sxle — $2»X>: 43 xeres ef c=ctc« frslt. Catjca
« wr=» crxgg Ixad; 2^ ct£Les frcas G«X ;
" S5<"!»V— 10 xcrea cf csetme last, a*s3 Seated* '
w-tild g»h» fi=e cfrbrkir; rxsci.
$4flO%— Kxlf d'wrr.: l€t) acres ef et«rte« table I
- «r w-rjre srrar* Saad.
* $3O. CM — ICC» xcres cf esaiee fraft Iaad- j
«x<-r»r=er'ts Cs.; aatrxKe frr acbdrrtdiag- i
Adiireaa bsx 13. Gxir. Cai.
t ALE er estixrse frr ety aacriice; i
133 xerea. Xxpa Cs. : ©> aerea ta ealiiTrarica: j
fjr*S. vrses «=d grata: fa2y enaiBpe-l xad 1
raviagc bexnrrfut ptxge; geage=aa» teas*, j
CHAXJETEXE. 4t» » 'ir-xaaxesT ¦«- "
»EAX ESTATE — COT73rT»T— fcg Sal*.
WHITEAEATLZT.
successcrsta
CEICS2^f EAXCHSS ETEETWHSSE.
EXCHAXGES-
LOCL LOTJL
i.-e tawa tixt tas, tie "SXAP" ta It; tie j
¦ectica tixt nas tie | most f srtiia scC ta tie
Exa Joacuia Valley;, fiae roais; wxter trass- j
pcrtxticn. • /
_ W- are sub-liTVirar a. <icice trxct ia 19 xere j
-cts^: cniy 2^5 mlTes-'rcai tawn; surroiaded ty ;
ntc^rn bc=»s aad fine, crciaris and viaeyar-is; j
sci! rteft. black, sasdy Icxar 12 feet deep: j
sciccl oa tie trxct; $73 per xcre. This will net
Ixst aansc 30- days; first ccme. firrt served.
Aijciaiac Ixad s.:td fcr $123.
$12.000— Only 2 miles Seba«t=p<::: electric
pass place; I(X} acres, cf walcf: 15 are j
Sexriaa; app>s; ail leve^ rica. san.iy Icajn. j
xdaptwi tj tcpa. pctatces cr ecrn: 2 gncd ;
icuaes. £ae bars, ste-is. pcunTy-iixises xad \
ectbcildincs; eeniplete set fxrtaiaa; tocls; icrses '
xsd cattle witi -lac*.
$2500 — <Zlcas zj P«txlu=x. 1 mUe statict; 10 j
xcres rlca leaa:; fxmily orcixrl: xmccc beau- ,
tiful caks; medera cottage. 3 rccms. ba.ti:
a~;c<i iara. poultry- houses, cuticnaes: iorse. '
«w. «!} fcen». buggy «tc; win add 12 acr*s ;
xdjcinraa; ¦£ d^sirsd; see tiis quick.
$13. GOO— CIc»e ta Oyserrille; 5«J xcres nci ,
P-:us«txa River bcttcaa; great icp- lasi. cr !
a-ixpted ta xlfxlfx cr veyrtxtlea; 12 xcrea vtse- !
rxrri, 12 prunes, 23 xcr-s fine x'-*i:fa: Ixrje
s«w bam. We cff«r acme cf tie fiaeat farma -
ia tie wcrli ia tiia acpera seeticn; let us
crrv* you arouati.
$2300 — Near Ecplaad; 43 xcrea rici laad: 12 j
xcres pears ia beariaa;; family ercixru: gzc<i ;
tcTzae xad cutiuiliuiga ; wall f»sce<i; is-rest;- i
exu tiis.
$40»:O — CZzam ta Petxlumx: 24 xcr*a rici.
ta- i; Icxai ia pctatcea xad xspxrxg*is: scree :
crcixrd aad gxr-lea: fair 7-rccns acuse; out- i
tuild:ngs; refused $3COO fcr 17 acres xc^ci-r-y ;
act so rccd. kalf casi.
$1S:O — Cicse -.3 Sebastapcl; 1? aer»» fiae
Ixad; 4 xcres beariag; prunes, berries, gariea;
3 xcr*s y-rusa; xppiea; ixlf cxas.
Ki)0 dews — 'M> xcres xs-i use cf 4-5 scrt: 2
sti1«9 ef peateffice; ia S-Tnoma, County; rsdac
Ixad; 9 acres vines; crciard; finely f»ace<i; ,
bulldiaa; xlcne ccet $20CO; iocs* 7 roccn; bam. ¦
way^n-sh*»l. pcuitrv-acusea. rarda: 13«» cords '
wool: i — -t »t3^x. r2rr:irure: price S2204.
$4'JO wowa — lO-i*rre iairy and pcultry rxaca; j
2 gocd dwell:acs: cars. p«Ttxltry-bcua««. iainicx- :
tcr: S ecw» 15 Asj-jrx spa's, 2 aeries, bugir; i
".'~ ~3 _. .* "~ ; 1 _ nil y _ Cw>" * ****- * * r_ k •'- r — ¦* '
v-atyfxti <ruiek; $20C«i
SZZ^y — '"'nly 1 mile cf Harwxris: 37 xcres ;
fiae l*aT? 4 acres t^xnaa; cr-tiari: mciiem
icuse "! roccrs artii bati: iaest cam la ccunty. i
xicne ccsc *40O>; fine vte-ir; tiis is tie beat bay
in tie vidjuty.
$-»:«1 — >r^9e Z3 CxlUtccx; SO acres; 43 level.
precsctive luaat sctl; well fsaceti isd ercas-
.esceu; pigsty ¦*** wxter; fiae pruae jft— it**,
g~:cd icuse. barn x=ii cutSuildia«». We have
x large list cf leatniie icnvs ia tils locality.
Let is in^e yro xr-jund-
$ySO — Nati ef 'Waxaccviire : «3 xirea. S xcr«a
;acci:; 4-J acres cmter; fic-»iii«; streazn; }-r:cn
tcuse; larr* bxm xsd grxaary: wxt-r pi?e-i H
fc&il.'-rya. Wt ta.T» x eicice seleetlca cf fruit
xsd grain ruciej xt resjccotl-s prices is tiis
vtnaiTy. See x few.
$330O — 5 miles cf =aatx P^«x azjt sear sta-
tion; Russian Hlrtr bctt^ta: 23 acres: 3 acres
vtneyxri; new ruiiliacs: 3-crxna xal tali eot-
tax»: guod bam; wiaifmiU and tank; p«JUitry
ic^ise^; see tiis. and Lf yen want only pan of
it will seii ummprcved pcrciee at $"!» ;er
acre; if ycu wxat to raise ecra tixt will mxis
tie ;¦; \- -a* xrticie "*fiii« step" see seme cf cur
tcmes cc tie Rusaixa River.
$:.-'•• — 34 xcre* sexr Watscnv-."*; 20«> xrples;
f. acrea fiae pctatc*a; 2 acrea timber; txlaace
g-riin; 5-rc<r?n crztzxgv; bam. jutbuilii^i^s.
Tiirieen ¦»-•-»* nci vsiley laad aear Scccnia.
City: 3 «-rr»j fine graces. 13 years eld. balance
-ears aad ajsctrjstl fruira; til* season' s crop
-XJ7 $7.O- so tuild^igs; f creed sale; simply
Witt AIT iT-tf 15 xcres. Z zziZta cf Cx2s-
zzri.; ssiall erciar-i; peed icuse xsd tars; 2
weiix; Siar scacoL
ALFALFA LAXD.
tZii zer xrre — 3 m^ss cf M;desti; 2O acrea izzi
ia._f r^***
SZ>> i«r icr- — Near Lc-ii. c= tie Wcediri<i«e
CXTLal.
$1200 — 19 xcres ia vlae xsd fruit belt, sexr
L»-<*:- sxsdy Icam; 5-rccm h<cuse xad bars.
r^3.':C— Near Sxsia Cris. «> acres r.cs xll-iV.x:
•cii: S xcrea crcaxr-i. mcatly xpplM: I'>^xcr«s
cam.
j^rj «-» — g f-r tie Lirg-^at and m-»t ilversi-
fi*i prtateu BK on tie coast.
WctiTil A BATLET.
Successors tc
W. J. WHITE.
?i Mnitscciery «_, room «.
Frcper^y Excixrg* a i;ei::x:ty.
SNAP.
TOR BAUE OR EIS'rEJLNGr.
1'JO-acre fall bexnna; fruit ranch. mr»tl7
-I-;--.- ail --ceaaarr ±?ciLa.=c** -X- iaaiiliC!*;
-i» crcp: tw-3 sets S:uil4:a«s; will tt*tdm and
sell en easy terms cr exenaacs fc-r Oakiino.
3*-keI*^ cr S F. prcperty. price $30. •*.!•>. j
: K H:rS<?N.' 14 xad 15 Bxccs ticc'*, C«x- j
Ixad. I
S3r3>> — Ser--n acres :i Iaad xt Pleasxataa. Ala- ,
prunes:. r«w jrrcrag^ 4 m:i=s; seed bam. hen- |
"-«**!&*» Ccr K*^*O z~~s : r.T. ¦ h.en» sc^ en c t-- ¦ i ; j
farminx taaam fruit, iry-n fo wtti tie place.
C. EL MARSHALL. 1070 Brcadwx?. C>«JtUad. j
p^rtrr rxsci fcr sxle: ciexp; 20 xcres ta xi-
fxlfx cu trngxticn lltci; rccd imprcvemeata :
'i :-i: of milk eews. 40 tens of iay, ciici-
erj. farm ma.cii=*>ry. etc: 1 mile frcm
creamery: a ina; if txkea seen. J. O.
r<?v SriNTC^NT timier land available fcr Io-
exuen- $3tx» value la H Have ycu
x r-xit* L. D. MATTHEWS. $U5 FtHwr:
St.. C«.J:lx='t. Cxi.
$3<;c<j tr" r secure x Lars* trxct cf lisd tixt
Is werri fcrrr times tie amount ask-ri; must
be scii before Noxemter 1: x era ice ta nui*
a f-r— rt« : pcaitrvely no risk. Bcx 27G2. Call.
$+-!> — i«vIaCRS n=ci in Lake County: SO
acr"4s iev»l farmiay land: 1 mile froxa Clear
Lake »sxp fcr x few days caiy. C F. ;
MC«:-RE. ¥ j2T Mxrket St.. rca •>.'».
ATTEXTIOX. HOMESEEXE34ST
Srni pcacai far cxtxlcgues cf tie beat !aa<4
bar^aiaa ta Cxiifcxaix. C M. 'WOOSTEH CO.. j
'+ • Market at. |
A ;>"aP fcr immediate caai: 2Cfl acrea cf tie |
ESaaat land la Till rial I n Caiifcrnia. ALEX ]
MXTREOCX. 573 Ti^-ty-seTeati St.. Oailacid. ]
'* OF cr^c: rrxia rxscses: Sxcrxsiestj O. ;i
'.~cl #j» xcr»x us- Aiir-sa bcx 13, GUV j
J±2 1
FOREST reserve laad scria bouxic xad sold: j
wrtxa fcr pneea. H. M. P V MTT-TOX. S12 j
HtMESTEAD laad, witi timber xsd wi:»r, ta '
Soricma. 5x=tx Clarx, Nxpo. Alxmeda. Mea- ;
iccrsa Ccusties ct»ap. Tie-:. Pis tier. 3SH Sutler
iZ".fX — 1«0 A'~RES ia Saata Clara Ccuarr-. tj
its value. W. B. EJK.STIX. 4-:»» Califcraia. st. ,
STT'ZTC raac=. I I !¦¦» inelu'iina; $901000 per-;
scnal rrtcrtr. Bcx 3223. Call etfice. j
3TAPA ail HTTAT. ESTATE. j
STCP PATIX^ REXTT
O^TN TCCR OWJT E0M2 !
FC3LIC ACCTION.
AGRICCLTCRAL PARS TRACT,
NAP A CITT. CAL..
=A~CRI5AT OCTOBER 22; 1»4.
11 x. m.
-CO CHOTCE. L2VEL. LAP-GE LOTS S?fl '
Ai'otsisx City ct Xxpx. en crtpcirf lise cf \
VALLEJ0 BEXTCTA AXD NAPA VALLET •
ELECTF-IC LXNE.
Xew Bei*rr Censtructe!!.
Terms — One-ixlf Casa per Let — Balaace 5 '
and 1- Baaotfta Interest en "ieferred pay- |
ment«. 6 per ceat per irirnTTT ; 10 per ceat dis- *
<rcur:t fcr ex«i ea deferred payment.
GOOr> LCXCH SERVED FEES OX DAT
.-;CFJALE.
AGRICCLTCRAL PARS TRACT CO..
Cwaers.
ER E. SMITH. A-^ctlcneer.
~ BVT FOR INT. al^'L-MEXT.
— _ . .
_ r r a^ttAIIO^ BZAL^ZSTATa. j
LCMTTA PARK— Ca Uae~cTsxa Mx'tea'eiecX
tnc cars: 43 miautes frcra 3ti aad Mxrket f
atx.; outside tie z~zg belt aad Just beyend I
wn*Tre tie S. P. Co.'s bay snere -csteff" i
wUI Jetn tie maia iine; second su-biUvtaioa |
cow bei=» effered; 3«J-f3ct Lots from $+-:¦».• cp: t
terms, first two aubdiviaiccs cniy $10 down j
xsd $11 x mcttti: sewer xsd water pipes la }
fsact Bx every Ict; pcr» xrtsstxa w«a water: ;
bxlf tie lets ia stAdrrisfce- Net 1 wen» acid
is tw<> weeks; xa excepticcal epnertuaity '
ta aeirare x I<rt tn tils deairxbte aeettae ca i
eaay term*: take tie electric cars and get i
cS at LOMITA PARK: maps seat en xrpti- !
eatiea.
gFX.RT. ROTXIERS & CO..
TeL Mxta «73. 1M CxH.'trrsia rt. !
POUT aXTCriiTfOSP TTPaT. ESTATE.
FACTORT site — On-Baes cf Soutiem Pacific ;
xad Sxatx Fe roads and pnpeeed electric j
Iia» to Oakiand; aolid around; xbuadaace cf •
wiUr: electric pewer witiia 500 feet of '
prcperty; tsmiaxl rxt-» over boti raHrosG; 1
help caa aeenre jowa xecstamrdxticaa ; tils 1
is tie beat xad bas ti* mest facilities cf !
any aite eCered fcr sale en tie cumlneatal !
aide of Saa Francisco Bay. For prie« i
fan partienfars aee.
J H- MACTXJXALD A CO..
iflC Brcadwxy. Oakland.
MOSS YAUJTT KEAI, ESTATE.
XEW subdivision ta Reaa Valley; 3 miatrtea
tram P. -es station; cdy 23 beantifal lets ca I
Lxgrrsitxa r>ad ta tie ceart of tie Taaey, j
Burreunded by eleptat resldencea; fall view f
cf tie menstxias; lots $7JO eaca: prices wtn i
be 1 :ci it aecrt aprlsa; for . Ixad ta tits i
vtcisity; sow a tie tme ta gtz ta asd. see
waxt tie prsperty Is Ilie ta rxtsy w-atier.
CE.OSCER A CO.. acle xjfeatx, Sxa Anselmo
atatiec Office enea Ssadxyc. wtta rig, raia
cr aaia«. ; •
SAiraAxrro mx estats. 1
SArSALTTO— Fcr sxl« by order ef tie cwa#r.
wio ia Lexvtaar tie stxte. new ieaie; cae ef
tie baadecmest xad best-buHx homes ta
Sausalitc; fslendid loeaxlec: masnifieent
¦slew; aH tie meat medera tmrrirrv-ments.
EOARI>MAX ERQTSERS COMPAXT. '<
138 Mentxcaaery st- }•
STrBJTRTiATr BXAI. ESTATE. j
ELEGANT 2-«tcry ieuse at Saa Rafael, '
statica; 5 noca, bati. and stable; $3J>»; ,
iaif easa. bxlaace $13 racntily. P. C. box ;
311, Saa Rafael. j
— z^zz '¦
CSICXE3T BASCSES.
i ¦ .. i
IDEAL CE2CKEX BAKCE.
Orcia.i-i V te-w Tract, at Saa Leandr^.
Siitdiviiiiag- fine crcaard aa gentle slope: sire j
Z3 suit: easy terms; pleaty water; fiae fruit; j
call fsr details: gtj asd aee. Suadxy. Owser.
713 Mills tuiliiiiijr. I
r AS-srs ajts uutcses to liasz. '
2" k ACRES: bouse 5 raccis. fumiaaed: bam; i
stable; caickea aouses: far x term, of years: !
ci^ap. JOSEPH STRAITB. 620 Mxrkst. S. F. ;.
TZaCBEB LA,5"23. i
" S00O acres best tiaiSer Ixsd la Xcrtiers CxU- ;
fcrrta; will avera** 33,0<» feet per acre; »i j
redTaod aad Vt Sr- Fcr fall particuiars aee '.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Mxrket St..
¦jcq 415-^13; Fbcne Folsogx 34gg.
FOR E3CCHAXG2.
la Eerkaley: witiin walkcns; JMrartot «f tie I
uaiTersity; x meders S-racm aouae. witi I
stxbls, jxries. ttz.: ticr-rcjily 53 t» ixzt. ]
vxli:e $SCCO; sicrta-xre $3300; wd ei:sxa*«
equity fcr scmetiiag clear; aa agents. Aasw«r j
b<:x. 132. Berksiey peateffice.
¦WANT zo sell rr trade 21 *::;sa Icnprsved '¦»-¦*_ '
hcug«: 24 mile* scuti Lcs Aaffeles. Incriire ''
FEBJCICH BROS CO.. 109 Califcraia. at. ,
CLEAR Cailisd. E-erkaley er S. F. property 1
fcr rxaoies. J". H. EUSOX. 14-13 Bacon ,
biork. Caklaad.
TTKAT, ZSTATX VA5TX3.
WxXTKO — 3 ta 19 acres. bspnpmA about 1
mile R. B- staticn, 30 miles cf city; souti- :
eriy sicre or level, abuadxat watsr, sxady !
'.casi preferred: ta !e*ae 3 years, pcltgtegt
S mere, aad payment af purciaae price aay '
tune illlfiif, term, cf lease. Bcx 2342. CaS. ;
"WE iav* custsm*ra far 2 fiats ia Western Ad- '
~tion: en ccctrocts. 41i> Seamy st.. i-xci 9. ;
WASTES — Td buy l«0 acres improved ccun- [
ZT7 rexity. P. S. H^ bcx 171 Cactgawood. ,
?BOF£XTT 'WASTES.
¦W.*NTET> — To lease ar buy a ciickea rxnei !
cf 3 t» 4 acres, witi fajr:T«a«oti f witiia 1
hocr r.t city. Box 33-»<>. Call effiee. i
ALAMEDA AD YEET ? S r iI ? TS \
AUMI3A RTI1T. ESTATE.
BARGAINS ta ALA3G35A RS.iL ESTATE.
WE OFFER EXCEPTIONAL VaLCSS. i
Cur prices tie lowest, our terms tie best.
B»z baryxiss eCered tiij w-eei.
Easy terms. Better tixs, paylag; rest.
$SO>> — Fiae 3»>-rt- ceraer Ict; a snap.
J-'r3«>— Lot £2x12*) : a great carza:a.
S1Zn'4j— 5-r^rra cctta-ge very ciiea; ; in* Icca-ticn. ¦
$22S<>— Jj-s-;<rni 2-st^ry acuse; let 33x129.
$i«C0 — t-rrwm. ccttxge; ict 33x139; fruit xad 1
Cowers.
fZZCt' — Wtam 3-rooci ecttaje; sexr trxlsa xad
sciccla.
$273C — 4-rccaa ecttar*; Saa Jcse xve.; x bar- i
gxfic.
$3<5O} — r-rxc cerfonial icci«: mcdem: cneap.
»43<;o — a-rccci cclonial heese: Ict SJxl3i>.
$2«») — Elegant rer»r tot. icyetier wtti S- 1
rccru medera iirose.
SSE QVP. BAP.GAIXS.
Lcck at tie beautif-il aew 3-rc«a cctti*-* i
w- are. buildisa;. only $223O xad $25«»; you ;
caanirt 1 1 - ~ i ta xllcw **<* oepcrtuairy ta '
pass.
KOCSSS AND LOTS AX ALL PRICES.. '
See cur acmes. Get cur prices. B« eccvisced. '
Cxaaot be dnpUcxted. E^ery cce x barfxia. '
Eccsea teat, reared xad excixsi**. r{
ALAMEDA LJkSCD COMPAXT.
130O Park. «t.. Alaiaeda.
BEATr*TFTT. icnje en Scermaa St.; buiir. at
a ccat cf S13.eo»>: moiers ta xll respects; !
kxriweed ficcr; SlUiari rocta. splendid par- |
icrs. rec-pticn xad rcsckis* paricr. Z bati- i
rccms. eiectrte wiriaa; tircna;ictit tie entire .
ncose. Z larye ccaaiiera. servasr/s rconi. ;
laxadry cad *tcra«» rooca. Uarxry: Ict 73x :
ISO; ciicice trees anil fiowers: west side cf ;
Jtersai sr:. tie cicicest street tn AJaaieda: ;
Sunny all day xrd fiae v.e-w of Saa. Fraacisca f
Bi?; cniy S13.C*y>.
Shermaa St.: 3-ncm meders bcuae; cne cf 1
tie i<»xatiful hciaes la Alasied*: lot 30x130: ¦
call z=.i see BOM fiae r-sileace; $7CC0.
i?iesn:ut sc; splesdi.i ncuse; extrx Iarys
rccma; rt»ar station; sead fcr price.
Ccmer I»:c 30x150-. fine ccttags; aear sta-
ticn; $-¦>»»; ao better ccraer ia ATar-.^
Ea*i« a^e.; ine. la rye. *-rooin. modem r
Iicuse. cement bmwnent. enctee plxnaiitag-; i
cost $45<x>; let 50xl5«>; nice Lawa and trees; j
price J.:.*. 1.'. en 13mm tf required.
Grasd sz.; ccraer lot; metiers, ta xa re- |
•~ects: Caa piaatSts/r: near stx^cn: ecu of i
Aiasieilxi ise reaJsnces; $#JO\ ca tisie Lf I
wished.
Cctiiye. 3 rccnis. $T3C%
Cctta^e. 4 rccnis. $l*>i.
Ccttas». 4 rsccia; lara^ In*.-. $25«>X
E- D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park st.
AHMTOA PROPERTY.
A H0CSH FOP. SVEP.TBODT.
Tiirty lots frcm $1-3 ta $13 per.fnot foot; \
S"ve miaatea frcm Flfti-st. staucc; $3*> dewa.
balaace easy terms.
Kernes frcm $1CCO up, en terms; must b*
seea ta "ce appreciated.
FOR EXCHAXGZ.
A £=s 7-rccsi Eouae, rnedsra. far Sxa Fm-
ciaco prcperty.
O-se-rtfrry a^ui basement cottage; upper fiat !
pays investment. --!
A. R. DEXKE, 140O- "Webster St.. AIacs»da. :
cr
C A. PGM2KOT. 11 McstrH=er7 «.. Sxs L
Frasciaca.
IF TOC WANT TO BCT.
IF TOC WANT TO REXT. SES C3.
WE HAVE "WHAT TOC WANT. A FEW
EXCELLENT BCT5 FOR THIS "5TEEK.
$I3C<J — Nice 4-roonr eottaj-; fiae ptamains-; |
»cc xad cold wxter; suasy aide oC str*e»- lot
4CS123.
r^JOi>— SwtU. aew S-rccia ccttx?? hr esurse j
cf cccstrurrtiss; $3C0 daws. Ixixsce same xs 1
rent.
SSCXXi — Ccttxja ef « raccss on Sxa Joee xve - t
SO-f-wrt lot. - " :
$."."¦:•:¦ — Almcet e»w: modem home ef et»v»a ;
nffls ; Saa Jcse xve.. near Willow st. ; I<-t I
30x130; lawa. beaattfal fiowers.
HAMMONO *. HAMMOXD,
Tie Leadisx- xsd Reliable Ximtx.
1422 Park at.
OfSce crea ta-day.
THE best Investment ta Alamedx; $223O- tw»j
ciaice fiats <rc Saerman St.. rentlna; for $32
per menti: $ICW dewa. balance ta suit-
*.T3C0 — Tw'j fiata en Santa Clan, it*.; as
grrcd xs new; payis*; 12 per cent; $IOCO dawa,
balasce ts suit.
Cicice eereer lat; wt^ta $10W. far ISCO
HAWKS & MEHRTEX3.
Sevesta st. aad Railrcad xve.
Fccne Alameda 387.
XCST ccnrpleted. ma&rrz ccttxg- c< * rcscsis;
Ict 50xl(S: choice location.; ocea far taspec-
ticn for 3 days; 1330 Caica St.. AJamedx;
tersis.
CHOICE pceperties frr sale xadrest; teactlral
innjes: parklSia lets. ELMER Z. JOHX- I
SON. 2333 Saata Clara ave. ¦-....-.
BEBEELET ADTEETS'NTS
M ] Rn KTrf>ET REA1 ; ESTATt K
CKE-^PEST LOT OX HARPER ST.
If y«m believe otierwise ycu. xre cerdiaEy !
tavited ti> price a few.
If I dida"t taink-^it was aa taimeaae bargain !
I -v :uM net ssersi awraey ta xdvertlsiaa; tt; }
¦eitier wenii} I ask yen to txie thae ta ta- '
•pecs IS.
Tsi» let U en. the east sid« ef tie. street v
wttiia. x frw aiisates' wxlk ef tie Key rants '
a.nO. S. P. atxtinna. - It ta all fenced aad e» \
aueet work: eomsiete. Tie afze ts 33 :<lxlC»> '
*^<* tie crice is but $45O. '
Ask. year Berkeley friend i* a Exrp«r at. 1
let xt $«* tsa't x snap.
C. O EMSLIS. Axhlsy ttxtloc.
Opes Suadxys creta 12 ta 2. ;
TWZSTT-FOCH TEOCSAXU DOLLARS. . :
Sd-etaiax; eat ef tie ordinary; suitable far f
eitaer auburbaa tease, eiubccrxse, readieuse. !
aaaitantisa cr private aeaccX cr senitsary; ti» I
mi-** ideal site ta Aixmeda. Ccnaty. Conrplets \
cetaMa ca xrpUexrica. Opea. ta-dxy.
CEXTEAL REAJT ESTATE COMPAXT.
2145 Center at, Berkeley Statica.
Cets.9 cv-r aad see my lists. ; Open ta-lxy.
BEBEELEY ADVERT'S'XTS
• ¦»«*» nr.rrr yrir. ZSTATB.
Cxii-NiJl A CO.
BUT. SELL AXD EXCHANGE.
PROPEP.TT CAP.?Tr> FOB.
A 2PECIALTT OF BCTLDIXG HOC3SS
OX IXSTLLiCEXTS.
$3300 — S-racas. U3-t3-ixte henae; earner fac
43xlC0; street wcrt cotapleta; lawa.ta; saod i
view.
$2800— t-roen. xrtistis Sense; Ict 50x130;
f&at finiaaiaa;.
A aaap— East of T>!ejr»5a xt».. 1<>3x121>; I
$2CCO; se« tais.
$5OJ- J -Aactier snap: 40x2»>. en Dwiyit way.
rusaias tirou«i ta Blixis st. ca McGee.
$3C00 — MxlOt}; ccr. c* Warriar '^ Qaa- j
Etas way.
Cheap lets ia 'West Berkeley aad ctier Io- :
calitles en easy iastallaieatj; small payment :
ccwa.
FACTORT SITES IX WEST B22SSLET.
CEEXET & CO^.
Temporary quarrers at rocm. 12. Csirersity i
Sxvtajs 3aai tuildia«.
¦ . (
$1300 — Hocse <J rccma. bati; w-c, ¦wtadmill aad I
taaic; let 4<Jxl3t>; street work ione; caaa '
- J3C> aad esu»7 i-sgrallnenta. (liM^>.
$15C«> — Piettj cccrjge. 3 rooms, bati. etc. : :
guod well. wiadmlH aad taak; Ict 40x123; ;
Salf casi. tl3&H.
$23CO— X«w ccttxje. 3 rcoda. bati. ate ; aiy a !
basement: electric KxSt; Ict 4-1x133: street ¦
wnrk and cement waiis dace; casa $30* ); ;
balaace Hire rent. (I343>.
$2S0«) — New. 2-st2ry colonial iouse. S rccnis. '
bata. etc.. ccmbinaticn fittings, paneled i
<iinia«;-rcon: : Irt 3£xIC3; street Tver*. '
cement ti!>i xad steps dece; bxlf Mock i
frcci K.ej rc-cts aad S. P. statica; exsi ¦
$~0«> aad *23 mcatiiy; x saa.p.
$2T3O— New. l*^ttarj iouse, 3 rrcms. bati. ;
2 tatle»s. el-otne I^sit; tot 40x135: street f
work xad cemect wads dec*; cast $S0i>. 1
(13S3).
$32CO— Cb <-¦•— i-wiicas residence. S lar^e rvn*, I
•ewtnjs-racm. iaendry. 2 toilet*: loc 32x \
lfl«: fine corner en Gwh st. a«?«r D-arl^it .
way statioa aad hiyi schocL ilii!>».
12&"*> — Meiers, 2-atjry bouse. 7 rcotas. haH. '
bxti. *tc. : up-to-date timua-acut: fiaely •
located en corner oa Teleirrxpa xve. j
(1341>.
H. ' D. IP.WIX. L-n-ta station. Souti Serkele?-. !
O^»»n Sirniays. Carriag-e ia attendance. !
A FEW. OF THO&E MAaNTFI^TENT S1TKS j
left, frcntia*: mx '^iaaaiajf. Fleiiaiact xad ?
Drira.it aves. Tiese xre tie aost beaatiftil i
lets ia Berk-I»y. Fir pric»s aad tertSer la- ;
formation apply a: tiis office.
$3000 — New ti-rzf.a. bouse, aear tie Saa:a F* |
depiic; $w«.i>; talaace an eajy terms.
$3O«:<3 — Fine 7-r;«:m he uae in rxral Ncrti Berke- -
fey: £ae -elevinon anil convenient za tie !
trains.
$+0«X) — Flae 5-rccra bouse !a cne cf tie niest |
froTftsa; pcrt:«:=J cf tawa; Iar«« lot. ICJx ,
133 : stable, etc. : I block to car Use.
$4300 — Eiesrar.t i-roccx house, cicse ta tie bills;
lot 43x133.
$«Ct»— Mijalficenr. c<rildia* site. 50x144. near
Mr*. H-arat"»: unobBtmcted view cf ta7. I
Mils aad ual^r-m .
XTSTER * BAISD. 213T «>attucic ave.
"We S^Ll tie Earti."
A GR.\XI> PP.OPSP.TT.
SfPLEXDIDLT DDCATEO IX THS EEART i
CF BERSrSLET.
JTST THE TEIXG FOR A CLCB.
AN ART SCHOOL,
A SAXTTARITM.
A SIGH-CI_>i5^ FAMILT EOTEL.
EE.*.UTtFTTL GP.OCXDS.
M.OTSI0X OF ~ST4-ENTEEX ROOMS.
MOSAIC FLOORS.
BEAXTIFrL rXTSP.I03-FIXI3H..
Oi'if'iuRED AT A MSP-CILESS BAGBZFZCS. '¦
IXTESTTGATS.
SEND FOR OCR NEW MAP CF ESHSS-
LET.
w. r. F/r.r.15 i 00..
tfiCO SHJ.TTUCK AVE.
PHONE NO RTH 32.
*** "^^ • r' T
$200 t.i $12CO— L»:t3. «n^rri Iocxticsc; cement |
walks xad stceet wcrk done.
$132?> — Let. #-xI33: cement wali. aai street {
wcrk ione: souti frontage; scap.
J2T!3<>— S-T'yztn ccctage; Ict 3>>xl2H; imprrved; .'
lawn: fiowers: aiwr ytjtajy away; temta.
$73<»^Ii}-pc:otn : lot 5tixl33: a srorfern it^oae. J
not built ta seii: price r*iue»d for tfiick sale; i
(UMxUCXtC
OCBICS * HARRIS.
r>w'.«it way.
Xcrtiipest -r-or. Sfcattack xvt.
$.3O»_s-HDOM house; almost new; near col- '
leye. tmx liae; street work done; a gc*>d j
acme la tear rart <jf Berkeley.
$31C0 — T-rsctn. hc«ae. isa-w. far- salt or rent. !
S23 pe- mccti : also 2 acres Iaad adjoin- !
taji for rtat. 54 per
?5CCC — ll-rocm bcuae; I>iraat xtb. ; close ts ¦
eoileje.
$S3C0— <t» feet'ra C&>Z<r~XT*r Gr "saTe.
*H:uses furaisied «r uaf-imisaed far rent.
11-rcotn boose, fumisaed. far lent at $73 per t
incuti; on Baacroft way. adiotnira- Uni- ',.
verslry of Caiifamfa grcunds; r^cana nav 1
rented.
R. A. BERRT i CO.
P. O. Blc*:k. Berkeley, CxL
rWTO— +-RCOM heese; $15*> daws, talasce sasie j
as rent.
Pretty cottage cf 3 rccms; a-:cd lecaticn- i
$12CO: tirma to- «a.
Enswarta. aear Parker; iciise cf 4 rrxms- '
good well; iae ktt; $li<;O; J4>» .lows, balance I
Iitss thAa renc
Virginia, aear Grove: S-rocm icuse. $3OX>-. j
$.'«C<) ¦lowa v balaaee xt * per caot: lot 40xl2 < >- !
Stx Uj« ta XartS Berkeley, 2 blocks frsai :
staticc: view exaaot bu- cut oC. x ba-xaia- i
$273.) if sold at ence. ' \
TO RENT.
Ele^xat residence cf IS rcccia: en Duraat [
ave.. eaat of T'jegrapii; J3«> per taon'-a.
NilW'i'ON ± XiZIHAJJ,
2131 Cent*r St.
Issuraace. Lcar:s. Notary.
SOMS SXAPS.
$SSCO — A baryxia La x Iar?<e tcusa xsd large;
lat on Duraat XTe.
$4300 — New •i-rxm baadacm* residence ta
Eerry-B-iajfs Traet.
$22C<}— 3-rcom. sew cattaie; cic.-se ta Ssy and
$1320 — 3-recia crrttwe; clean; iinteti. pcre-laia
cats; paarry; txandry; street wsri paid;
3 blccis taa Berkeley staticc; euj
terms
$330— Lot 30xLB> ft : cdy 3 blocks frssx Berke-
ley station ; street work caid; easy t»rtns.
LTMAN ALLEN.
2123 Center St.
XT.-R :.•>: 4 COB.TELL.
Real Estate aad laauraace.
$273<> tayn x 8-roota cottar*. 1 block frani
Dwtjit way; Key rout* «taticB.
$3210 buys x nice «-rocia. icuae; sew- leased !
by y-ar. pays 9 per cunt aet.
SpleadM business property paylas fraar « per !
cent smt as.
NICE HOMES OX EAST PATMEXTS-
&m* fine buildins lots. $•»» caan. baiaace
$29 a mcati; orices frsct *»X> up
Houses far rest, rears collected, mcaey j
ALBF.T? & CQ3.TKZ.U Z1Z> Caster St.
TO EXCHAXGE. "' ~~
3 acres, situated 1^ miles frca Eaywaris. !
near county road; 2 blocks from scaocQcuse; I
containing cabin; ground »et out ta apricnts j
and prunes; plenty a f water; -arEI exenaa^e !
fcr 2- story 7 <rr * rocaa iccae ta Berkeiej-
vxTusd at $43C0.
FOR SAT.BT.
$23EC — Xeat 3-rncai cottaje; lot 5QxlJ3;
beautifully laid act ta Sowers aaii fruit
trees; street wark. complete; dose ta local '
irxins; only $2f)i> cash, balance $20 b>t I
moDta. W. C. MOR-iX. Lcria station. Scuti
Berkeley.
$300 — THREE-rocia ccttage.
$I2C0 — Four xad 3 racjas.
S13C0 — Fccr roccia.
lltGo — Fonr races.
Asd op ta xsy pries: scans v-ry eicse ta
atatksz.
$23*>. $330 v $+00. $OTO— Lets aecordiai t» lo-
cation: property all <rv-r Berkeley. Oak-
lasd or tiia side of tlse bay.
MTTRDOCK A CO..
Scots. Berkeley (Lcrta}
Picne Eerby «M.
OPEX SCXCATS.
$^1CO— BEACTIFTJL Swtsa cialet cf 7 rccaw.
aearfy new; sttoated oa SS. ccmer. ects-
rrra-i'f-'T magnificent vfe^r; aristccrattc
B«t*ibcraccd; near scaccla. U_ C. and S. F.
trains.
$35C0 — just caia=r*ted: Vrccsi cstealxl
iwtGtaa;; excepftnnanr Ixrs» ncias; every
atcdera eesvenieaice etabfldieii fcr eccatrac-
tica; aear acaacLs xsd Eccal trxias; lot 3«x
MBS. A. 3tAE<5CASI>.
2147?^ Center Sc. Berkeley.
THIS WEEK OXLT.
$2T3iV— Tee estire farsiihia** xsd boaciesa
ef a 30>-r5oni boardfca; aad fctiaraa; bouse ta. tie f
5ne«t fccaticJi ta Berkeley: every rccm occu- 1
pied xad bttatsesa. cfeartna; $2»> montily; tona; ;
lease* mast be sold this we«»it. tf a » an
CKAS. E. JOHNSTON.
2131 Center St..
Berkeley. • ¦-.•-- r-. -.-4
FOR SALS AT A SACRIFICE.
Eleyaat fcocse ef 7 roflins «sd bati: bs sse .
location; Bet 4Qxl4'>: street worfe xH done.
Tits ts certalaly x barraia aad wta pay yon
- to- tav-stt5*te- Appty tn J. p. 'HALE 13tt
Siattacft xve.. cr xt 2313 Saattacic ave..
Berkeley. -
JI2C0— ELEGAXT eettxr.. 3 rxa=». Ixrre stx-
fcle; * tota. 120x133; eraameatxl trees; beats-
ttfal lawa: fiae latiatiac;- near Ker route.
ESDEatARX. Jr JACK CO. 3217 Adei2ne
at^. Socti Berkeley. City effice. 11 Mosrt-
gtaaery st. . ..
EERSELET REAL ESTATE.
« racaxs; TTTffrfers: let 40x73;' 2ae'~ Ioc*ttas
la. Sottta. Bgtetey: < blocks frsss Keyrcata;
¦ price $2SCO; $2CO exsa. balaaire US* rent.
W..N". RTJSSELL,
3JT1 txllfcrsfa it; Saa Frxastacak Cat.
B™TTRLrTYAI)VEBT ; S T yrS
BSUXUTt F Tlt ZSTATZ.
— — - ,—
A FEW WORDS TO
FLAT E WELLES*
Do yo«r realize tie creat
xilvaatages. cf a acme far
your wife xad catildrea
wiere ti.ey caa rrow^ ta
tie dots air. tastead of
belay acaaed sp ia eiry
fiats in tie vttiated
ci-y air. x nome wiere
tie senooiiax- facilities
are crofcabty tl*e finest
ta tae esstre eoaatry; a
bcaie xs ciaa* to year busi-
ness xs xlmcst xay icoi
residence secticta cf Saa
Fraaciscs. wit-ia 33 minute;*
and a 3-ceat fare: a acme taxt
tiat you can BCT fcr LESS tiaa
you are NOW n«ytar ta RUNT'
A HOME EN BSRSSLST
wiia x dellzStfui bay ride,
siominf % nd ev»niax •
THTNS: A3OCT IT.
Tien caH aad aee cur list.
FRA.NCIS F-SKHIE3.
2121 Sttartuck xve..
Orrcsfte "Key Bouts" T-rmisax.
$3C<0 — FTNK ptece of property fir «al« eieas:
a-ar Key rente cezct; aooae q£ 7 rocn*.
art as tc date; let 1CQx13O; =oia« xad
see It.
W. J. MOElTIiCER & CO..
2123 Center st. Berkeley Station.
$43CC— I0-ROOM acuse. larae let. fully taj-
pro»etl: g-ood la«ratiun: a bargain.
W. J. MORTTMESt & CO..
2123 Center St.. Berkeley Statical.
t-V.O". — A BARGAIN far x bayer; x rc«d
7-roca Iicuse; all metiers. eocTeciesces :
Iary» lat. wtti b*ra; sirxxted
ca Grov^ st.; terms, $2CO casa xad easy
moctily payments.
W. J. MORTTMER * CO.
2123 Center at. Berkeley Station.
SES our special buys ta tats la tie Kcckias
Terrace. Wieeler Tract, Daley's cceai-c Park
xad Berrr-Baags Trxct. Sesd for map.
W. J. MaRTTMSS. i CO..
21211 Center st. Berkeley Stxticn-
BARGAIX — Cottage, alga basement. stable.
c£icken-oou:*»«. a-cod w»a water; all fsccetl
aad crcaa f*oc*<t; furniture »-rrf all cf
tacls ca wtta tie pLice; Ict 5Ox2C«>; price-
$i3>;o. .
O. A. F.CDOLPE.
Loria stxticB, Sauti Eerketey.
Opes Snadays.
3-RCOM cot rage, bati. paatry. foidina; doors;
Ict 3Uxt23; cnicken-acuse; lar«^ wasferconi;
fmit tr-ea aad ficw-r garden; price S12S<>;
terms %".'•') -o»n, balaace t'.i nMStiXy.
O- A. RCEOLPH.
Lena stiticB. Scuti Berkel«y.
BARGAIN — Xew 5-rcwta ccttaf*. pcrrelaia,
bati. paatry. fotdiaj .iccrs, larye Sail, maa-
te£, yxs aad »l*ctric fixtures; city water:
street work done; also cement walk, ia frsut
aad arcend hcose. 2 blocks ta Key Rimta
station aa-i scaooi: price $24<»; terms $3O>
casa. balance $-•¦ asotrtily.
O. A. RITIXXPH.
Loria statioc, Scuti Berkeley.
Ores Suadays.
~~ FAIRTIEW PARK. —
A bea-ctiful tract cf Iaa«i. sirjarel ca tae
SE. ccmer of beaatiroE Berkeley, divided taw
ZM-f-xz lots. Tte*e are oCered at tie lav price
of S*j«a> each. T»rms, oce-faurti caac; balaace
L "2 xad 3 -ears.
Ties* prices taclnde xU tie street wcrk xsd
sld«wxli» aad tr»e ctaatisx.
Only 2 years a*a tie Berry t Bxs*3 Trxct
was coened oc xt $!'»> =er tot: w-lar tiese
lets ar- se01r.« at from $173O to $2200. Tie
Fairvieir Park is Just •cuta of tie ac«rv« aad
e<5naHy as Buyers at fa-day's prices win
surety doabie tietr siooey. Mxa« ami otier la.-
fcr^iatxoa fr^at JOS. J. MASON. 00. tie
grounds, or Serkeley itatica. •
SPECLLL BaPjGAIXS.
$27C«3 — New *-roora ii^je; ta fiae tccatloa:
street wark. sidewalk aad feaces xll ta; >>'-¦« a
a snap.
$35«» — «-r-xia iimse. nicely t J nt»d vi2».
grnl barcl-»»re. eU-etr-Lc limits, raet gnaz ev«ry-
tiia* ib«Tut tt ts cample ce; a barxaia.
Are you tnter-sted :a IotaT If so. w» fcav- \
eoraer ic *~ »<-!¦*.» tt^t^* street far $Ji73; iastde
Iiits far HZQ: street, wcrk icae; crtiers for frsa
i-'.'.'t n $3C«)«>; fiae locatiocs. We bav« aiaay
barraiaa la oousea xad lets rxaxtaa; froa $2SO>
•inward. PTeaae g±v» as a call xad be con-
Ttnced. •
F- H- LAWTON & CO..
Pteone Derby itK. 2141 Center aC
— $»>>—
A CHOICE acme en Delaware st. Berkeley: J
noms xad bata: Ict 40x133; aew aad mod«ra:
sunny exposure; fiae view; easy cmj o£
paymeas tf desired; no trcuite ta aiaw prop-
erty.
REALTT BONDS AXO FTNANCS CO. flac.>.
1172 Bcradwxy. ccraer Faurtseati st,
Oakland.
NICE "rccraxe cf 7 i-sciss* paatry. ecc; niceiy
arraayed: front aad side ocrcn; nice la»u
and warden: bAr-ra.3 : desarture, 1>^ Mn^fc^
rrmn S. P. aaii Key Rotzte station.
S23<0«>— Bay- wtadiiw^ ccttaz*. 3 rxE*. paa-
trr. etc.: bardwocd fiaisix; wtadajin; SQx
25ih •xcbaaiT!.
$1SCO— Cottay* cf 3 rscras. •??-; fcara; r»d
wen: lot iSxltO; near ataticn.
$140D — House of 4 rooms: fioored basasiect;
well, g&icign-iciiae: aaiLO: near staticn.
JOSEPH STKAUBw C2O Market at. S. F.
%12Z-1 WTLL buy a SO-fact Ict on Carr»rsfty
ave.. waEfcin* distaace of Berkeley statioa.
$112«>— 4-bcb cottage: lot 30x123: close la.
$1113^ — A $3DO>. 10-rctaa ionse; M *>r.I33;
close ta ttixai xad electric car».
S. S. QCAC3CSXBCSH.
213« Center st .
Berkeley. CxL
LCOK at tiis and stop ta tatai twice about ft;
tais caaace only conwj La ace fnuruica —
aeeT A 9-rccia icuse rtjit la tie center.
$4CC0; tiis ts aew. A 4-y«ar-crd cense. 7
ncris. larar* ficor-d attic, rzed bara. xU far
$3SS0; aear cars xad scsecls.
MILLS, tie R*x! Eatxtt Ujc.
Berkeley, 2197 Shattack xt«.
$7W — A GOOD comer lot 43x133; I blcck traa
T»te!«ra.pa »«.
J730 — Lnc 33x123, <sn T*Ie«ra5& ave.
$lf«0 — Lot 4flxl3S. cc Telegraph axe.
$13C0 — Flae earner, 45x123: ca car Uss; eloa«
ta stattoa; alt on eft-vy terms.
LITTLE * WCOL55T. 511» SiaKraA x«..
BEKKELST. CaL
A SXAP f-:r rasfc — 2CO acres (33iacTSab«r«d>
£a«!3t laad Ncrtiwm CaL. er excaaaa;- far
Gaklaad. B^rkaCev cr S. F. rea&ienee proper-
ty. Qgysa. ST3 .T7ti. st. Oaklaad.
B-ESXXXlZT S0TT3X3 TO I.XT.
FOR rent — 15-rcom tease t3 best Iccatlca ta
tiwar $75 per- nscnia: call aad inspect MO-
R.\X A SWAIX. ocfc Berkeley station.
FEUITYALE ADYERFSTS
T8U1TTAH BXAIi ZJTATg.
4 ACRES fruit aad -rtew; a aaap; $20«».
3lj acres level land near ear !taer $1730L
Mxl43r frreirilar let; elc»e tn: $300t
136x143; 3 nitrates' walk ts Iccai; $13C0.
50x130; s«w 2-stsry teo«; 7 -ocsrs msi. b»ta;
3 blocks Jrcsa PcatsfSce; $3CC0; $3C0 iz-yrx.
«0xl30: aause ef « rccms: aa xTeaae; price
$13CTJ; $3CO- dawa. balaace $12 ZQ per tw~t;»,
lCfl tara;aias ta tie Real Estate Index. Sead
far tt; tf a free. JtTDSQX 4 CO.. Frnitvxle-
" S?ECIAL~
FOB. TK1RTT DATS.
LIXOA PARS, LTXDA PARS. LEXDA PARS.
Tae termtatis of S-c»nt fare. Haywarta car*;
street* graded aad traveled; atone sidewalks ;
depot on tract; tots frcna SSO ta $2S?l>; $2^ <-ajii
aad balaace Sit per monta; 13 fiUxla ta Iccal
trxfc; best lacatsd tiiuftettj etc Saa Leaadra
road; graded scneol ca tnct Apply ta S. i
ACSTIX. lid Tweaty-titM x»«^. Oxkiaad.
M. C GIBSOX-
f»3»)0i — it? eer mantav SZZ& dawa; laswi 3-
pwn;»i ccttx^e. clfcoe to statica; tiis ts ne^ aad
strictly op-ta-date.
W« Save J cr * Iota Teft yet tiat w* wtE
balld a suit, xad tie cayat-at win be caly
$13.V down.
Office open Ssnsday x3 day.
132H Fniicvai* i«., near Foorteeata at.
4 ICKSB fnit and view.
JCCTO — Cottage- * mama xad bats; larai* Jet;
close ta; must be sold; reduced ta $190(1
10© prrpcsiticnsi ta Frxirvale real tatxta.
ladex— *ead fcr U; If » free-
JCDSQX A CO^ Fnttrxl*.
CPFES. FRCTTVALE Is tJfce ptaee far aa feleat
botne Do net brry uattl yea Save beea aer*
aad seea far yetrrsetf_ J- , "W. WTLSCS , A
CO_ real escate a*eats. Dtmend P. Oi, AI»-
imeda Ccgaty. CXL
FOS SALE— $T73i>; 12 ceat $37»; rsatx far $29
"per menti; 2eettx«e« vt fat. 40x130. Appiy
tu S. S- AUSTIX. 110X Tweaty-tair* *»*..
Exst CaXUad. .- .
FEUIITALE ADYEBPS'TS
jTBUTTVAIcE TtTAL S3TATS.
H- BASSaSTSR. 125»i t'HL i I V ALE ATS,
FSCTTVALE. CAL
$1£O ease, baiiace $!»> » per zrocti. wd ttry
a aear. cutlxyg cf 3 recess, bard fiaubed.
paatry. clcsets; caticase; ficwers. etc.;
dry water «y sewer ccaaecticas; fiae lo-
catica; 2 siort biccks frota Fraitvale sta-
ricn; price- all ::i i- S3fiO.
$35»— Bediwed fcrrm *12C«>; ae-«r cctta«e of 4
racajs. iari fiasabed. pcrcelaia stai. 5*a-
try xad clcsets; gssodweC xad psarp _ ca
baci pcrr.3; let "i'xl3'>- 2 blocks frsai elec-
tric car liae: tiis ia x Sarja-a; cwa^r is
xaxicTis ta *»II.
I12«:o — Cottage- cf 4 lara;-? rcoraa. iard fiaisied.
ltia;a basparei; Sec 53x113; fruit trees aad
Jar«;« live :a » trees ca r^>i lac; city wit»r_
also guod we!I xad bara; 1 bicci from
Fruirvaie av*.; 13 miautss' wxli ta loral
statxaa.
SXCCO — Cctrxje ef 4 ¦¦.«¦?"<. Sard fiaisired. paa-
try *nd closets; dry water: kit 25xlS) r :
ea macadmtred street; taif bioclc frcsa rar
line: 3 miaataa* walx zj local triia; terms.
tf destrea.
$1'SEO — Cotsixe of 4 rxta, aisja basenr-nc: ecn-
aectsd wtti sew-r xad ciry water; '-oc C3x
113; I bled fr-aa FraitTare ave; fiae lc-
eattcs.
$1250 — Ccctaje cf 2 rccars: !« l->lxll5: plast*;
ta bemes; ciicksa-hcuses; grrcd we£ xaii
¦p^iZ'. cn<» block fruta car liae.
$17C0 — New. ecay eoctaxe of 4 ncsss aad bati;
porce^ia cib; ei*ctric lisjits; let T'-v'.i-"
all fenced: cne black frcsx rraied setoal
and electrle car Eiae; 3 minute*' *tS t»
Fruirrxle statica: tiis ia a barzaia xad
mast te seea ta be xppreeixied; awaer fa-
ta* East.
i S2CCQ — OstTajs cf S Ixrr? rarms as>1 Sata.
pcrcetara ~*?. maac-i xad fireplace.
electric Sugar xad «t-j--^- tars* pan cry
aad -cicewts. i!«;a b«se=e=c; Ict T7:*tl!»:
1 bicei frcn; car liae; lt> miaatas' wili
tu Lccal traia: terms. $22>> caji. balaaire
$3 per moati. interest ¦« per c-at ca i«-
ferred parmen^-*: ±a opscmairy w-jrti
iav estisatiaj.
; $23C«>— Medem cottaja cf 3 larg* rtccta xad
bati. 2i*a baaemect: cend staed icx; fiae
Uxa and fiViwers: saali bam; situated
oa Fruicvjle ave.; 3 nsinates' wa£c fraa.
Jisral traia: >r»n«r la 1" 1: '. » ta sell; ¦•irta
brraatiprttsc Fcr particular* x;piy »
H. 3ARSMETH3. aear Fruirrxle statios.
Teiiipcone Erccic 17TI.
i '
STXBICATE LWE3T15EXT
COMP.VXT.
rXCORPC'RATEO IN U33.
; REAL ESTATES INSVaANCE AND MON3TT
TO IjCjAX.
I Talantiae G. Kiaii S. P_ Ticrae.
Pr-sideai. Secretary.
Flr« Xx^caal Exsi 3. F. Treawarrr.
! 20*^ rXSTEAD OS*
i ta^i »v Money new irxwraa; 3'-i per Z'-i v *
' 2*>^. ceut caa be «tf»ty aad 3^'-"^
, 2ry*Z. crcfitaciy l=v«st^i tn Froit.- .J'-i 7 ",
; 2t,*i va> fcy tii* COMPaNT. 3 r»^
I a;* 1 . As preaeat prices, residence J'-j c ,
i 2C«i xad taMiaess prcperti-s wilt ¥•%"«
; 2!)% nee tie buyer mere taaa S> J'~i%
: 2tl«- c per ceat per xaaara ca tis 3Vi
i Ti% 2ion»y irrvested. 3H"&
: 2u*i Waile -ri^re baa be-a x 3*-j«i
I ST*^ st-a.Iy <ieraaad fcr an kinds «C S S^
! 2?3*tj HEAL 5T2?T ATE 'iurmii ti* •? -a
I to«^ auaraier mentis, yet ia.-»r« ha» ~^*i
! ZOT", anc Seea A SPETTTLATTVE 3S%
f 20*-,, BOOM. »<»5
: 20^ About xll ixles saif r.ac« 5-j 1^
J 2 1 -<v liiz May baj beea t.> ACTU- 3'-j*i
' 2!>% AL HOME SZEXEP-S. a Iarr» .I--,^
: 2!^ auaxcer af wi.:m Sat* ec-ce 3*-s*i
' 20*;, froa Saa Fraa:i*rc. *S%
: 2W TKl^ETS PHJINCTPaL O\CS- 3--j%
i 33^ ES OF THESE SALES .OLE -T-V 7 *
i 20*-- FIRST— Tie bi«i reata ci ta« *"-*--,
f 2i!% city. -V--^
j 20 cr SECONT} — Tie caeaa i-»"^i
f 20^ sere saw. 3"-,^
2-y^.. THIP-D — TS* DKtzf&ty cf 3^",
1 2C«~i steady xdvxaca la present. 3H*i
! 2!: 0 -, valuers. J"-»*i
' 2««> SEND far cor Cctccer CTH- IS"i
I 20<V <rfLAB- »»«5
I 2Q«V SEND- fcr it tc-day. Z-- V i
i 1 — = ?r»^
! 2 1 '** 2 * p r! wT^I ri r:T^ — HA * ¦* *
SSfe LASGE9T LIST. 3--,^
. 20% CBOXCCSX LOTS. Z'-i^t
! 2!;»i LOWEST PRICES. 3H*i
! 2»J«^ EASIEST TEKMS. Z*i*h
• 3i«V STNIj£CAT2 IXVSSTirSXT SS"^
20% coMP.orr. Rig
¦ 20% Ccr. Easaitt and Putnam sta. JS'i
! 20% Frainale Ca.". 3"-,%
! 2!j% Fiona A»a S8T. 3^j%
j 20% 3*-,%
[3>e. 24%
i CHAS. F. LEE. Pscce V*> 234.
C^fice. balf blcck frita Fruitvale stxtica.
$12C«) — -Cctta*e of 4 rxes. ciya basement:
i eactce coraer; beaatira: Ttew; ftaa riC-feear-
' tn* orciart; aic— iy feaceii; small bam; e*cm*
1 to street cars xad fiae irraied scioel; lac l'>Jx
t 123; fiae place fir ciickeus.
$Ii> casi — Just completed; up-tc-iat* cc<-
¦' tax- cf 3 Ury- rct:mjT pxcrtry. ba:X i:*= tase-
i meat: commands x teaatiful Ttew cf ti* Say
I aa>I aaitiataiaa; I bheks z? atreet cars; agered
'• at a sacrifice: lac T> -tti>: sontily payments.
! $1«; arice. all tcrfd. *2S»Xt
S22S<> — Cnicien rancJs; e«v bcuse -it 5 rjuta :
I <iicJt«i bouaers and yaris; yaoaa; fmit trees;
! larie fiae saait trees; nice c.-eeit; fiae tora-
j ticc; cicse ta sciocl aad srreet cars; Ice 123x
I 2CO.
j. $21.>J — 3cl*=dld boose cf * rxaa xad z*^--
t tries; fiae w»C xZso city wxter; fruit trees
aad fiawers. all surrctxaiied by a fiae piciwt
f aaii wtre fence; fc« l!l*i2t».
SUZO — Nice raattr cctta^e <rf 4 rcctas. ti«a
1 basesies:; fine well of suieodid -wacar-. caiciora
i bacses aad yards; prceerry nicely fenced; cSc»e
f ta araded scaoct. poataffice xad caarci; Ict
i 50xl!».
$13i»>— A ti* saaa: aew S-r:c=s. Ur«e pas-
I try. barirocm. 2-«ary. jiia*ied Ssuse; clcse
1 to tcca! traia xa«i street cars: sice Jarre let;
! street sewerwt aad maca iamtsed.
$17Q«) — Jtsat finiafced; iaa.iscnse eclcsial cct-
! txa-e of 3 roenrs. bati. pantry a*i lUi Saje-
\ sieat: :L.:<4* ts 5c* scauca. lccal traia 1— i
! street cars; let 3Sxl25-
J1250 — X.ce cccxr of 4 rccma: fine weU «f
f mooataia water; ycua* frait trees; aH tacs
\ cf saxaC fruits xad v»j-ta5i*s: spiendtd saady
! Icaaa so»Ir wi2 make fine eaiciaa rxaca; efe-
f gxat view; ac CbH wiads cr faffs; Ice I>J«x2t3;
i •:.£** tj street «rars.
SMALL PATMENT ICWX AXO SLvST
? MONTHLT PAT1KXT5 CAN BS MADS OX
' ANT OF MX PRCPSBrTTXS.
Fta* Jot on Fraitvale ire. 40x120; r».\
Cactce coraer. S0xl23. caly ITIO-. street watit
done: ae»»ied.
WILL SELL TOC A LOT AXT> B77ILr>
TOC A EOMS OX SL4-5T M-iXTHLT PAT-
MEXTS.
! r73 lets ia tie beaatirsl Rcsa. Lee> tract: fiae
soil; craad view: ne*w hec^s rari.lly guta^;
( uoi no coid wtada or wet f=ss xad lot* only
I $73 ea.es; S3 -I.:-*-, balaace X2 *¦> per axoata.
CHAS. F. IJCK. I22S Fruit7a> ave.
j 5AI-HKH TRACT.
Fra£tTX> statica 3 sSsrzoaT wx!i: IVwey
i Sciiaol oa tie grsuads; seTirs. xrxded strsets.
[ eity water; tii* beautiful tract Ees be-rweea
[ Fruitva'e av». and Hlgi at. local traras aad
! East Uth. at; Tccit far tie red fiajj^: 4* new
' cottages lately erected; lets xay siae. aay
I terms; tan also 4-5-4-rrxia cstain. easy
< '¦•¦, — ;« w« teiiZii ut stitt your ideas; Icaa you
f tie saocey; Fruitvale xad scburtaa prcperty a
'. A '""'" S ' ' EALSSTKT £ T0UXG.
772 Broadway. Oaklatr!.
[ $12CO— CO2TT ectta«e. 4 nice rcccts; «D«-ialf
black frstn Fninile-»'«i. ear line; la*
SOxltt}; tertnaw part casiJ. bai- bani fcan.
$!Si> — C=tta»e. 4 rocras. bati; jaa. city wazer
sewer; Ict 3Sxt23: 4 i !-.:•:« treat
stxtica. I blocks frma sebcel xail car line.
W. E. ErUSLX*
Ctr. Fruit axle xve xad Wxsiisytcs af-
rzrTTTAxs gousm ikk ms sooxs
i — ~^ "™ --"¦ "~~ ~~ "~~"~~ "~- ~~ ¦¦" "" ™" ""¦ —"¦ *^~
I TKEMONT" xve.- 1417. irtZ. E. 14ti — Tire«
Scusck*eni34 rceai*; cicaet. bati; aad Eaua-
(iry: larxs muaila.
OAKLAND ADTEB'FyyTS
OFFICE. 101« BEOADffAT.
XB**- E3TATB.
LIXDA VISTA — Mxrfae view ; sew xsd xrttscic;
I rctass: tiled batir-xaa; 1 pazeJed ta
curly redwood; Irrtaj-rscni wtii ataastv^
Sreelace; paaeied xEl ntr Ea curly redwood;
WHiard-roocs: reni«mb«r. wmnrtra; distaace
cC Key Rotrte traia tiat runs <tre«n ti Mote.
jk as advertis«-d.; a sacrifice; act suils. ea
»eiL Price. H2SO.
J4CCG— Ttati. set. far frcsa E?=»crwxy xad
aostaesa ceater; pcrcefaia beta; sewty 5a-
j-re-1 xad pairsted; epea laws.
HV.C- — A scaz: 3 iicrij freax Key R:-:»
aadl bJack tram electric car; street work
aB dsne; eemect walks; ?U<c'ake ectrxa*;
• ractas xad bati; stationary aa*; brtci
facadanca.; suaay xida of tie street; part
exsi
¦WEI f*>» parties wia called at otrr efire re-
garftaa; residencs cfese ta Br* ad way T"!-
J J .-CO kiadftr conraiuiricate wtta us ar cai
as we iav» a saas rtgat acwT
$3T*>— A pair af =atx eaca S ness;
pcreeCzia cat-*, fiaaa pr^aiitar: -ra SS337
side of ti« street. cio«e t.> a fiae tsrsiiaa^;
lot 37:5x123: tected for $2S per — fr—f
G2XTKGS W. ACSTtN.
IMS* Brsatdway. OuJklaad.
CLEARAXCS SALS OF BAXZ FEOPE2TT
We fcave baea exefpetveCy xutacrtied ta- seS
, ea eaay terms tie rm> »-»^r?-*y r>» r *'f—t* prr"^— -
ties acauirert by tae
SAX FBJLNCISeO SATTXG3 CXIQX
, «ad>r Sireeicsnre cf nsartng"-
We'.wGI sea.tiese prrpertres xt fixnres far
fe*!aw ti* presesr. market rxtcsk. If jca wrat
x barsxta. can as er writs as far partjcslxrx,
J. H. M.tCD«3X.»T.r> * CO..
iflBT Brsadway.
OATT.A53 ISAL SSTATZ.
— — —
LATMAXCE PJUL ESTATS CtX
«-'.-+¦=: z.z.i-_; *-. . «-•¦¦* >«~^
$7I'.C — Cac* laaa-i $liX'X«; STc<i 2-*tacy ?••-
idence. i> —ensa; wita sauall exaemse eaa
be mad* x iasdsci&e pnperty; frxsd:-'
st^aaced: «iev-»;«d tat. li-.-iI*-*. cai3*r;
c J-riccitrr^ar Lake Marrttt; aay reaacaac,»
<cTer. .u: cr rerraa. wi^. b« ecjcsliirred.
A FINE HOME ;>.- ;O'
• $*lifi*) — P< -*'f •yj~<t aouse > t*""*^ iaia.
rat.tTnary waaiutacuif. eaSlaa; T ya. fa»
2 biccits fries j;«rai; .raotcesc c*n «t"
Alameda; ecst £-XCi>-. a saaa.
A LASaiDS SACSmCS.
$7I^*> — Ccat a»er f3»ai»>; ia ccadttacs:
iaadacaa* aiae-rcca occse; iari-
wr^ii ficcrs. pur.* rin. firaac*. 3 su-
tsis, rnaxe fiaa icct^fa iooe; sear e»a-
rrs: Brcadwaj.
¦ $4Ki> — Mjdera TsiSjrripil a»e. aoe»; eacieesc
part: cios» Sa: I.: ••> mort«a«e. r;r. re
acM; dca't faU t-> se» tiist
$-*CCfi — Fine V«raca E«i«aca residence: *5-e>-
dars; gai-ta.-re. basemeat. Ixsaxtry. *a-
ti»w; near park xad rw-i -car I2es; easy
' XC2C<v— M>Jera* cdccz^L T xcus bax3: tsasii-
aaiioa gxiojea: rrst^rei; graze: * *•*-
t~z<z — i '"" a *. <i* raa^e; - T^y f*xraiaaed.
3T:*xUa; aear Tiiriy-Sftli mad Market.
;.:::;>"¦ — Pa:r aew lamer fiara. » :>ii=J eaca:
rears $37 K; aear locais; C3»> easa:
wtrtrrg ,iaeiac» ia Bsnadway.
tTsCC— Mcdera 2-stary. T x=d sata: CSW
raortioce; «!xll»h sear Ltadsa «t-
$2S:o-M:dera coera*e. S «ad Saci. 3CxI4-^
cScice Lcscacjca. aear El«r»sls xva. «2d
$22CC — Nure m famiir icwa*. 13 trxom: ¦gmr*
1> c<»r reat +7xlC»>T =e«r Kay R=»K».
; $222*1— Pr-try crrrrxr- 3 aad SatX baueaaggt.
Tra-tef. gas fixtures; 30x123; atreet rata-
;:«•; Lcv-ly Lccxrfci; wtd» xTesss; Lies-
da Tlata.
$22:.: — M;dera efltra*-. <i »ad bait; street eo«a-
pie»e. fcur sriaares) cs> Fcfrtleea sc asasiae.
tZIXi — Mctrra «-rc-cni iocsa: aeeda scaa» re-
cair: *0xi:« str?e» racsjiees: a«ar Sanra
y»
$13SC — M:iler- eattaaaa, 3 aad balX tmarser^z
r-a: $17 30; 3Cxl4>. a:ce asar
fccal*.
I $17W— X«at .Tstta*- itZ 5 xsd iati. *•*««£;
rent $13- aear E^araeari tr.it Adeilae
i $1420 — Motiera c-»ctx«-e. 3 aad bata; iMtawa;;
orceiT fUml3a-*d _iter-.cr; ¦T7:'fx*.'3. S4. «•'.
•rccipiff ts : eear Saa ?i:.: »t». aad Srr
Rotxt*- atatica.
tliTC — N**r >ti~tj» 3 aad b«tS: res; 112:
aear R.R. yard* msd »n Ps3tt» m
LATMAXCS P.Z.U* ESTATE CO.
4«5C-4^ Siita ST.. Oai^ad.
TT.VLOR ERC3. t CO.
?. -«: Zaracs. l-.r;— »-.re aati Tbaaeia! lr*='i
. TeVaaoce Cedar 321. 1224 ;-:*i»v. r-»'-.~^
XCS3T CCTTAG3.
$2SC«> —^Sicrt l^rtxace fc-rai AdeiS* tragaa. ra
Ciesrsnr sr_; east friat: larr» tcx; atrtcsiy
medera tmprcv-mesea : ansr. i« acid, as
c-waer ts aca-reatdeat. price is redacwf fir
; .. - i. sala. : ill
LASGE GSOCXXS AXT> ?SaT33S3tT.
$4^30.^Twcs-y3c-ry. mc'iera. tsa— ccscm . !.nc^it.<.
ca Caessau: f-: ti« prie* ea tiis prsc-
•rty ta li* exiit xmcui^ wiu^s wxa
tcaaerl zs. ti* prcperry: tia la tad«ad x
barjaia, as taere L j§ xmp> f— :>iad Srr «a-
ctaer r-sidencre: sctJU-d sot re •Te-;«.<icd
xs aa tocm&eamae. Z3SZ
$T. 4 tlt: — Fcur fiats. rtrM-ny =cd«ra; iacata* tv
per »"ttt>- elesa i> araad xad
rarr:w ?a --?• itidcsa) xad aiert i.jtacjr-
frcna Key ?-rut» cars; ta# bu^itsja x-sa»
8B tiis prcperty xre w«»ta ti« pruaai xxkad
and anly a cil xcatruat if saaa ta re-
<ccred. as tie ir*»zz. acrqff ax. ti»
property ta almost eiraal t3 ta» nr!c* aad
tt caa remaia on ti« prcperty a> tez as
desired. X3»
COXTAOZ EO3£2.
. $HC0 — Ccttxr* cf 5 ractas: lac SCxl39 f»e«;
xicndaao? cf fruit, fiirwer* icsd sarsafcery ;
ii«a sijAtly locatira: llta av*^. aaar
East 23rd sr_ ; finest if laji.»mya
Try" I- !r*^^y it . Z ' * . VdjJC#d Z. - 1_ t^ **1>
far ;.• :i 53. * ca '¦'¦"¦¦^ ef i-»ci ia
¦ — << *j* *"*^^"^*AG2.
Cli}— Csttxje of 3 rccsa: =cd«r=; tet M> - 1 *
f-»-t; ciicJfcss-feccses) aad saeds: xbesdxaee
¦if Sowers; street wrrrx. sid»wa2t xs*t
aew»r ctimctet-; 123 t<*t*. fraia TeiaaCJ >aa
ave.. ieicw 32d St.; indeed a >* gi"* aad
suss e-» «~-a ri b<» aj preciaced. 1GS
TATLCS E3C-S. A CtX.
12W Brcadway. OaaTaJT.-t. Cai.
t^zj: maps of caslaxi at oca ctttts
5. It DOOGS & SOX.
!!•«> Brcadwxy. Ca>'a-»t
, RSC«^-ZLEG.»NT FVHXI53XX;- HC3CS. saica-
iai style: v#ry ararmccrT*; ia» fxraaces>
rcanect«d wtci e-r»ry i'jm-t; «*•** ¦ i»--t
aad f-iei ra»: ace x^ii rci-i warer rrsacair*
aad -iowa; w»2 ItjSted by ei<etnctry aad
ga*; auaay *x^».'aure: «r a larrs lot: car-
pet* aral ieary firsisre go wta ti»
i«5iise: pessesa^a tr.v«s *— t^-T^^^t; tia
3 x 1 • " i. -* ¦* barzara.
$3CC0— A beautiril 2-*tcrr ictts» «f? f «tt«
aad bata; 4 bedrccoa. 'a..in?;j; ail aarst-
¦•— 1 tnrarTvetsenxs: Jesfniia ' j — »——»-. b*-
.¦»»^l two. :ar liaes
t4i;e«: — •ron-^-eirient. SesiniJ* aad 2«-w ;-rc.rt-»
fei:uae: - imcns aad b«ta; tj^*^ Vises.
Terrace: cerna tf lestred.
J.-TvC — Nice 7-r=r:=i cccta** ia TiirtaaaEi *»•. ;
xH medera -rccv-alitacsa; tii» is w«3
wsrti ti» miarey. « -j
GET OCR M-*P^ OF OAJCLAXO — TZ3X.
$2SCi> — Cctaj*. <J reenrs xad bata; gx* rxarv;
eieccrwicy; Tctnbiaacica fi'iiifc eta.
$17'.« — •_"i:tta*». 3 nea* aad baza; C3O -»i.i.
balance ta sui!L
¦ A 5CLO ELO»~K E2.4OT FC3 S-^J-^'*!^-
IOX AXO a »'^ XS-»3 -ITT" 2Om
STATION. - . , -
$^323— A lirrs !ct wtzi rartfftg? Tt»-w
Cailaad. Ala=<~tx. ti* bay. GoiiSsa Gmz*
II :>;--. Taaialraisv -etc.. etr.. «ca.: 33I7 )S
Biiautaa frcai Fraaiciseo: aS «£.»¦;
•» -r c :¦ -^ i.--i t : *•> wcrta cf ¦tU'Aa&ery ts
*.; — tie plac* win 7 :¦: *XK ::. £aja>
I «t aew besses &H armmd.
$T73C — e^sie lot. 3«:xl23 : aear sj.ee: exr«: wit^ti
waliusr dlataaee of aarrrw n-r* tcxrTjaft.
THE f^HEAPEST LOT IX OAZlJLXO.
XC-'- «cacT» cr >S3- — . :'-» of !ac» :c; rut i_l
pecpte. ;
* M Cj7^*-i2r A cgy
tl*0 2rcaufway. CalcUaiS.
p.^r-^ c sad 43. Bar:- Bcil^sc
FsHswtna; xr» a f»w rsat buy* far strrl
ta-veaecra:
- $1!CO bey* a 5J-fcot Zcz ra tS* aarta sfcis <se
tia street; wens $13«S.
! fTT5> tsresf*d & Saa tQ 2«J 13 s 1 *? c=s sa
r .- t: ::-*r . — ¦— T»g^:,iinam«t idd garni
tuliCaan tacuas* ataa47-
; ryy?> tavestad: £a "taaswa" i~ii«-".J Sa. buu-id
[• t> '.:-.:.-• KseiT ta tar*» years; j — jmi ±j
se:f-ac=ccr=t=a; en* «c taa rmreae «cscr-
1 $3300 far en» ef CS* ? ""* reatieac* Jsta ts ytu ¦
laad: ¦»•:.--: x* -a« »Hf»-. xal w-.^ tx-
ereas* tt tx^sb; fia» view af bay x=i* i^Is
AXT OXX OT ?H35S~Aaj GCC3 «PECTT-
> LAT7VS FHCPS3T123- XXTTZSTIOATSl AT
; CXCE. _* ¦'
f\. 1* S, - - £X- 1 ~ i^ 1 - —
ECLCOM3. BP-EXTJ A 3AXCP.C7T !ii\
I3»» B3OAOW.XY. CASHaAXTX
? $1300— Exi; cajc; sew 5-rxa teeaja «a x
aertieajz esrser; Ice Mxlt:: «b» Stock
frees ear Cat; =rss= &• «cM; party Isxtsssj
Stale: xdjstats* SO f*»t eaa ba Scu*a=
tsrsaia. _^_
$42C*V— A IarT» accse ef J . .t).; ». w^*<'^ ess*
»•»>» pr'.or 0 solid: as a 40-f=et toe. waSea-
=s worti ac« leea tiaa $3O per fc«t; iu
beea UswS witi =» ss be acid ar «see:
tais) «-t=wC2*iy fiae rr?5erty L» si Lt=dsa
sz^^ eisae te xai rc=vesas;_t^ 3ms^-*z.
trxia; reated fsr **> peer r*mt7Y
EOLCOM3L SSESrJ *"3AXC3C7T CaeJt
1SI» 83CAl>yAT. CASLCTi.
i ptx-vtrvvt "T 'Sr»XTET> — TACAXT ATD DbT-
f^iV^V rr Tctr have sc^nrrsixs
V^ 1 WO.T TO SELL. 5XXO K2 3XL1-
wStTtZPTTOX PaS.E. ET«r.. AXI> WI
S^i. PCIH IT AXI> TBT TO C2TT A
trr-VTTi=* t"S IT-
Et.TES - j^ s. EAlSatrTH.
t n*KGAlX3 CX EAST T »;¦?¥?.
$373— 22x1 M-. Saa Pxaia ave.; acrws w«k
tc";-+'ti: 3 AaaSr *»«.. sear X*y ra«ss»
, ; .f.;r. -
r_5rt— 2arl<*»i GoW« C«t#.
Ht»v_22xir7; Cfcesra-st xad Ftfta atx,
>»)— Zt&K se'lsri «S^ aear Ltade-.
«-2*j>_3_rs*n« gotcare. aear S>y m»
5t L. WC3T3. eca. P-Mf.w— 1.>.
i COTTAGE «f * r * J= SL.^7' rt:s *-> ***=¦ «^
- Rjure «e»tara; jet 3m*gw -eat; cue *> ymrsr
¦ie-'ti rsaS: mesey ae«ded Sa isy Tw 1 ¦ —
»r cor*- P- O. Sex H21 «^a«'atrx. _
For ji'fcvttfnnad rtwutflrd *> it ¦ 1 ¦ I T—THE SAN FRAN.CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 190t.
44
OAKLAND ADYERrS'MTS
OAXX AJTP BE A— —STATB.
THIS SKOVTg HOW LOTS SSLX.
In the Buxta Te Tracta. on the Key Boota,
There Is ro boosn here, bat homeseekers
from Ean Francisco aod elsewhere, seeking to
save recta, are steadi:y securing these fine
bdlfilBg locations, from which San Francisco,
Oakland and the Usiversltj- of California are
cu'.ckly reached. Many buyers are building
CCSMS.
BANTA FE TRACT NO. I —
M lots All sold.
EANTA FE TRACT NO. 2—
176 lots. Only 11 lots ur.so'.O
BANTA FE TKACT NO. 3—
25 lots. Only 6 lets unso'.i.
EANTA FE TRACT NO 4—
S3 lota. Only 27 lots unsold.
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 5—
208 lots. 6ai« Just begun. One-fourth cf
the lota sold.
The new hon-.e o-rster: right on the Key
Route asd £. P. local.
Quick trips to ec3 from San Fra.n:!jeo.
Five-cer.t Fare.
Large lets. 40x135; $«-0 to $500 and upward. •
one-fifth carh; be lance in easy monthly :
Earments; ciose to sxatlcw: mild climate: '
owers all the yeer; beautiful view; street
work all complete. Including sidewalks, at
BO COSt to !.-> *r»
it W.^-""-
H nm !S " hrr *' r£ > fe
=
28 to 30 n-Jnutes tu San Francisco.
fiend portal for maps, prices and pictures of '<
beautiful Loecs.
OFFICE ON THE TRACT. OPEN EVERY
DAT.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TAKE KET
ROUTE TO LORIN STATION. SIXTY- 1
THIRD ST.
HOWOMB. BREED A- BANCROFT, Inc..
tOOO BROADWAY. OAKLAND. Tel. Main 147.
Sa.n Fraactsea Agent. ALEX MACKIE,
821 MARKET ST.
A. J. EXTDEB.
Real Estate Broker ar.d Dealer.
407 tfintfc su-e«t. Oakland.
COZY LITTLE COTTAGE HOME.
$2<ViO — Cottage of 5 room* a.ij bath: lot 25x [
100. on Twenty-Sret s t.. near Market
TWENTY-FOUItTH ST. COTTAGE.
12000 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, basement;
lot 33 l-3xl<.»t- see this 8t once.
A NEW COTTAGE HOME.
$2500 — A new cottage of 6 rooms and bo-th,
basement. !ot l*7:exl0<>; on Thirty-first St.,
r •>»: <jrove; frmg if de^ir^d
A SWELL 'XfTTAGE.
f250n — A new oottape of 5 r-»ms and bath, 1
basement; lot 31:6x100: Thirty-fourth st., '
near West.
JUST BEING COMPLETED.
$2300 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath, base- •
ment. near Grove, on Thirtieth st. ; see this '
at once; -¦'¦• . .<¦
A MODERN HOME.
J* "'"-I — Grove it., near Thtrty-fim: lot 40x150; '
house of 7 rroirs and bath: barn.
HAVE TOO SEEN' IT?
Thlrty-flret rt., between Grove and Telejrraph •
ave.; Ju«t t>eing completed; see this now
ami .let me kr.ow wh»t colors you prefer it ¦
tirteij In; prire $47j<>: frms if desired; mod- '
era. 7 rooms and bath, basement.
A. J. SNTDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
457 NiKth street. Oakland.
E. J. ETEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Beautiful sew 5-room cottage situatM on Ham- .
Uton place; this co!t«jre ha» a hiph ba«»- !
ment and a... the <.~-'i Improvements; !
can be bought on cheip terms; call at ;
offlce for fu'4 particulars
$2S0>>— A barrsin: within three miauf*.' walk
Of Key Rftute or street cars; one of th* \
eweMest. most homelike new bungalow !
ccttage. in Oakland: 0 l*rg« rooms, beau- j
tlfol!y finished in natural wood, elegantly i
tinted and artistically frescoed; all rood- i
em ccr.vtiUence«; north side of street;
is a pickup at this firure.
#S7'0 — Chanc* to »r»»t a rrand home at re-
duced pri'*: bf-autiful new house of 8
f»Ws ar.d b&.««-ment: modern In every :
fietsil: elegant location '.n Piedmont Hill*. !
affording an unsurpassed view of sur- 1
rounding country and beautiful hills; I
pri<> has been reduced from $4500 to •
$3750 for Immediate sale.
$4200 — Beautiful new boos* on Twenty-fifth ;
at., between TcKegraph ave. and Grove, j
on th* r.-vrth n'.de of the street; lot 43x105 '
feet, with 7 large rooms and bath.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
10r>8 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. \
FRANK p LEE
911 BROADWAY, OAKLAND
$4650 — Almost r.eir; best location; rear Ninth I
and Ma£!scn.
$12 r*r foot: fine lot, 65x120; near Piedmont
Key route.
$22SO--A!rro*t rew-. 5-room cottage: street
work all complete ; lot 37:«xllO; 1 b!o<-k
of Key route.
SeOO— Barrain: 4 mem*: Jot 25-foot frontage;
near Seventh and Union.
$1T1O— 5 roorr.s and bath; lot 21-foot frontage-
Bear Seventh sr:d Union
CHAS. C. HTTVRERT.
EueeeFfor io FRANK P. LBT3.
811 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR A QUICK SALE!
*450 for a let In Piedmont; 52xHC; close to
Key route.
HUGH M. CAMERON. 105S Broadway.
$3S3O— 2 NEW modern flats; S rooms each- a
choice corner lot; all street work done; rent
$28 per month.
&C20G— A modem cottage; 7 room*; lot 75x
140: all street work done; this cost owner
MOOrt; muM. be sold, as owner lives in New
HUGH M. CAMERON. 1058 Broad way.
?!?00— 7-ROOM house on Twenty-fifth st ¦
suitable for two'fiats; with slight change
.«.« Wf>uld par 15 ***" c<>:lt on
J250— 50-foot lot on Magnolia st., one block
„ '"» f sr I'"*: * choice snail Investment.
E2G00 — A beautiful 5-room sunny cottage-
" within walking tf!«tance from town.
$3000 — 8-room house; 5&-foot lot; house cost
raor« than asking price; near Thirty-fifth
and Telezrapb ave.
$5000— Fine house on Albion St.; 12 rooms
carriaire house, choice location.
F. F. PORTER. 46<i Eighth st.. Oakland.
BARGAIN.
Lot r/MIO. Price $C50.
On west Bide cf Union «t., within easy walk-
tog distance of Key Route; price reduced for
«uick a«ie from $1000.
J. TTRREL.
COG Ninth St..
- OAKLAND.
HERE you have It, 00x100,^ on Forty-fourth
*t.. near Market; 2 blocks to Key Route -
Jtl5; this 5* no Joke, par? Irs want coin. '
SALSBT7RY & YOUNG,
t)72 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— Building lot In Oakland or Berke-
ley; not less than Sf/xl&O feet; In walking
distance from Key route; give cash price and
full particulars. 285 Golden Gate ava.
KTCE furr.iehed house; colonial; new; piano;
i"»tea4o« rant, board tww. 7 to 8 p. m.. 4 10
OAXLAND ADVERTS'MTS
OAELATO BEA— ESTAT— .
PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT.
80 CHOICE LOTS
PROM $000 UP.
GENUINE BARGAINS.
This property has been used aa a nursery,
but Is beocslcg too valuable for that purpose.
It is located on Monte Vista and Piedmont
avemaes cloee In, and a very desirable loca-
tion.
One block from Key Route, T minutes to
narrow-gauge S. P. depot.
Only SO minutes to San Pranclsco aad
fare* csly 5 cents.
Is eurrounded with fine homes, schools and
churches.
This property Is In a growing neighborhood
and Is steadily increasing In value.
PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT.
For further particulars call on or write
to P. J KELLER, owner. 4S4 Ninth st..
Oakland.
WE have opened two tracts within 5 minutes' j
walk of the Key Route Piedmont elation; [
prices range from J15 to J25 per foot; all
e:re';t wcrk free: Key Route trains every
20 minutes: 83 minutes to San Francisco;
commutation fare 5 cents; this Is one of the I
best suburban transit lines in California;
shortest bay trip; fastest trains; the only
system devoted entirely to passenger serv-
ice; we can build you a *2000 cottaee 00 a
ttOO lot fcr a en-r&ll Initial payment: the
balance at $25 per month; we pay insur-
ance and taxes; for the rent you are now
paying In a foggy, noisy, undeeirahle loca-
tion In the city you can buy a home In the
finest re*idet.ce Bection of Oakland; write for
cur new circular and price list.
PIEDMONT BUILDING ASSOCIATION.
14 Eansome st.. 8. F.
1212 Broadway. Oakland.
— — y
ALDEN REALTY CO.. 5154 Telegraph ave.
Phcne Black 6481.
$325 — 55x00; near Telegraph and Key Route.
$475 — 50x121; 61st-«t. sewer complete; near
Telegraph ave.
$550 — 50x170; 51st rt. sewered; rear Tele-
graph ave.
$400 cash; only two left; new 7-room house,
bath, ga.« and electric complete: near Key
Route and Telegraph; handy to Berkeley.
$30 front foci; best business block on Tele-
graph ave.; near Key Route.
$10 front foot; gool location tn Piedmont.
BERKELEY.
$10,000 — 24- room house, nicely furnished; 3
baths, etc.; let 50x125; best location; near uni-
versity.
J105A — New 2-room house: lot 40x110; street
work dene; nice garden; near Telegraph ave.
$2fO0— BRAND new cotiagf. 5 rooms and bath;
all modern in every respect; fine basement;
Urge lot; SEzlSO feet; built by day's wages
ard not by contract; best built cottase in
Oakland: please investigate it; In fine local-
ity; <n!y one bl.x-k to Grove st. and Tele-
prapn ave. and fifteen minutes' ride to the I
Ptatf University: easy payments. For in-
formation v lease call on
GEO. H. VOE&j owner, 872 B'dway, Oaklnd.
WALTER E. LOGAN' & CO.
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
2O<> shares of Oakland Crematory stock at
$24 o<» i-er share; has paid four dividends of
SO cents each per thare the last eix months.
$25oO — JuxllJO, 2-Etory house; seven rooms and <
bath; high basement; two large barns; ;
1<» fruit trees; northwest corner Miran- j
da and Claremont ave. Apply WALTER E.
LOGAN & CO.. 100«i Broadway, Oakland.
LOTS 150. J2 50 cash. $1 SO monthly; fine
hiffh and dry lots in Jessie Jones tract, ad- •
Joining East Oakland, fronting a »0-foot i
boulevard; near fine schcolhouse and elec- j
trie cars; away from raw winds and frgs; ;
ccmmandlr.g view of bay and eurrounding !
country; section building up rapidly; epeciaj. ;
1 00x30* » for $575; terms to suit buyer; this <
is an ideal epot. Call or send for circutar, 1
455 7th et.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner. .
$32<X) BUTS a 5-room cottage and lot. 60x100. !
on Telegraph ave.. within 1 block of Key i
route station. Fortieth st. and Telegraph ¦
ave. This price Includes sewers and mac- I
a<i&rr.ized street; lot alone worth the money;
offer g~yj for few days only. RICHARD J. !
MONTGOMERY, Key route »¦ tat Ion. Fortieth |
»t and Telegraph ave.. Central Oakland.
FOP. sale on beautiful Peralta Heights. East !
Oakland— Choice lot. 70x130 feet; sunny, ;
southern exposure; 1 block from East Oak- ;
land Key r^ure: sidewalk and all street work
complete; o minutes' walk to boulevard anl
lake: a bargain if taken this month. B.
H. WELCH it CO.. Fifth ave. and Eight-
eenth et.. Oakland.
FOR sale — 10 acres of land In the euburbs of
Oakland; well located to subdivide and sell
leu: electric cars to the property; would ex- j
change for improved property In San Fran-
cl«co or Oakland. E. BISHOP, 466 Tenth
St.. Oakland.
EAST Oakland property — House of 4 rooms
and bath: high basement: lot 25x125; easy
ten n.«. Address J. H. JONES. 702 Natoma
St.. San Francisco.
$3750— NEW house; 8 rooms and large base-
ment: Falrmount ave.. near Linda Vista;
very desirable; eary terms. E. P. FLINT, !
owner. 672 Broadway. i
FOR tale — Two new up-to-date buntralow 8-
room houses; large lot with barn; very
cheap. Inquire on premises, 688 Thirtieth
rt., <n 1055 Broadway. Oakland.
$1650— COTTAGE of S rooms and bath, high
basement, for sale by owner, 693 2Cth St.,
bet. Grove and San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
OAgLT) HEAT. ESTATE — To Exchange, j
$25" DOWN and $25 to $30 per month. Includ-
ing interest: 5 new, pretty modern homes.
Just completed: 5 and 0 roomn; on Apgar
or 36tb. near Grove st. ; nice surroundings;
open lawns, etc.; two blocks to Key Route
station ; never occupied.
$2000 — 61*t St., near Telegraph ave.: cor-
ner. 100x120; house of 6 rooms and bath;
well; terms of payment can be arranged.
$1400 — Plain two-story house of 7 rooms, I
bath; high basement; let BOxlSO; 2 blocks j
from Telegraph ave.
$1SJ*> — Two-story hous* of 7 rooms and
bath. hall, bay-window, hot and cold water;
*unr.y frontage; open lawn; street macadam-
Ired; stcne walks: short distance to Key i
Route: 2 blocks from San Pablo ave. electric
line; terms if desired.
New bouse of 9 rooms In Piedmont; Just
completed: en runny corner; handy to cars
ar.d Key Route: positively must be sold.
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKXAHP rUBUIBHED HOUSE S.
FOR sale— New furniture in a fine corner flat !
fully equipped for housekeeping; only in us< |
short time; fiat rents cheap; sun all day
long; ha* four bay windows; private en-
trance; bath, gas range, gas grate, coal
irate; com* now; snap; must sell within 4
days. Address 1353 Broadway. Oakland I
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. ¦
'
BIG new catalogue of desirable vacant housed !
Just cut; tend for it. ,
. GEO. W. AUSTIN. :
V. 1WU Broadway. Oakland.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., furniture mov-
ers. 101g Broadway; phone Main 907. - - v'
OA-XAHT> BOOMS.
NEWLY furnished rooms, bath Included; cen-
tral location; gentlemen preferred. • 212
Twelfth ft., Oakland.
FURNISHED room for housekeeping. 621
T«nth st. .-.; ¦:•
ROOMS to let: central location and near
trains. 715 Twelfth tt.. Oakland. .
OAKLAND BTOBEB TO LET.
TO let— $25; store, corner Twenty-alxth Bt. and
San Pablo ave.; fixtures, living-room, large
workshop and stable. Inquire opposite, 1027
Ean Pablo ave.
OA^giA^P^UBJIlTUBll rOB SAX.E.
TO-MORROW the daT^or^b^rg^nTTrTfurnN
ture. H. Schelhaas, 11th st., cor. store, Oakland
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addrasa la the
United States or Canada one year for $L
poatag* paid.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT S'M'TS |
VOX,!, YAIArTBEAL ESTATE. j
$300 — BIG lots; a stone's throw from the sta- J
tlon; on graded streets; water mains laid on ;
all streets: thousands of dollars have been
spent on improvements; the best and cheap-
est lots In the State for the money; only $30 ;
each, balance $10 monthly; an Ideal place
for a home; send for maps.
LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
$2750 — COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; lot 70x1 GO;
beautiful view of S&n Francisco and bay;
Bunny Hcichts, 5 minutes to depot.
Fcr rent— Suite of rooms In the new Leal :
building suitable for dentist, lawyer, dress- !
making; now ready for occupancy.
S. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate. Mill Valley. CaL. j
Sail Francisco Advertisem'ts |
CHURCH SEB VICES.
UNITARIAN Church (Firs:), southwest corner
G«ary and Franklin ets.. Rev. Bradford {
Leavltt minister — Junior Church and Sunday j
school are at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leav- 1
itt, superintendent. Sunday sen-ice Is at 11
O'clock. There 1« no evening service. Mr. !
Leavltt will preach; subject. "Leasons from i
the Life of a Great and Good man — Senator j
Hear." Music by the quartet, under dlrec- j
tion cf H. Bretherlck. organist. All are ;
cordially invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen- !
tieth and Capp sts. (take Mission or Va- |
lencla «t. carj — The Sunday school meets at ;
8:45 o'clock; Mrs. L. A. Covel superintend- '
ent. .At the morning service, at 11 o'clock, I
Jay William Hudson will ipeak. Subject,
"The Religion of Longfellow." Music by j
orchestra and choir, under the direction of i
Jahish Clement. All cordially invited. No
evening service. :
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D. D., *
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11 '
a. m., topic. "Mlzpah." At 7: 45 p. m., ;
topic, "What Think Ye of Christ?" All are
cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth St.,
n*-ar Mission, Rev. William Rader pastor,
rasldence. Hotel Manhattan, Market and I
Tenth sts. — 11 a. m., '-The Brazen Image."'
7:St»p. m., "Signs of the Age, or Some Ten-
doncif« Observed in the Life of the World
To-day." Popular people's services. Visitors
in the city invited.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission St.. between
Sixth and Seventh — The pastor. Dr. George
W. White, will preach at both services.
Morning topic, "Surprise at the Judgment";
evening, the second In the series of "Ques-
tions Asked the Church by the World."
Eunday-school at 12:45. Young people's
meetlrg at 6:15. Everybody welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. James H. N. Williams, pastor, who
will preach at 11 a. m. on "AH Sufficiency
in Christ" and at 7:30 p. m. on "Built Four
Square." Good music by large chorus choir.
All seats free. You will find a welcome.
CALIFORNIA- ST. Methodist Church, corner of
California and Broderick st». — The new pas-
tor. Rev. jGeorge A. Hough, will preach
morning and evening to-day. Morning theme,
"Seeking Things Above": evening. "A Won-
derful Bock." Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m.
Epworth Lf-ague at 6:30 p. m. All seats
free. Strangers cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. The pastor will preach at both
services. Sabbath-school at 9:40 a. m.
ChriEtlan Endeavor. 5:30 p. m. and 6:30
p. m. Wednesday, 8 p. m., midweek service.
All cordially invited.
CAVALRY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and FUlmore sts.. Rev. Jchn Hemphill,
D.D., pastor — Morning service at 11 o'clock;
sermon topic. "A Witnessing Church."
Evening service at 7:30 o'clock; sermon
topic. "A Plan of Campaign." The pas-
tor will prcach at both services. Sabbath
school at 9:30 a. m. Christian Endeavor
meeting at 6:.'iO p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are
cordially invited.
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twen-
ty-third and Capp sts.. Rev. Edward K.
Strong pastor — Services at 11 a. m. and
7:3t» d. m. Evening subject. "A Noble
Business man." StranKers welcome at all
services.
GP.ACE Church, California st., corner of Stock-
ton — Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Celebra-
tion of holy communion, 8 a. m. ; morning
service. 11 o'clock: TeDeum (Shephard) in F;
Jubilate (Buck) in F; offertory "The Allelu-
iatic Sequence" (Buck). Full Cathedral ser-
vice. 7:45 p. m. ; Cantate Gilchrl?t in F;
Deus Misereatur (Thomas) In F. Sermon at
both services by the rector. Organist and
choirmaster. William H. Holt.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts. —
R*rv. Frederick W. dampen, D. D., rector.
Holy communion, 7:80 a. m. Sunday-school,
9:30 a. m. Mornlntr service, 11 o'clock:
evening service, 6 o'clock. The Rev. James
Hulme. assistant in charge, will preach at
. both services. , You are heartily Invited. i
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy St.— Preach- I
' in? 11 a. m. and 7:-'5O p. m. by R?v. F. E. j
Morgan of Penryn. Bible-school 12:30 p. m.,
Christian Endeavor meetings fi:30 p. m. :
prayer meeting Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. All
are cordially invited to these services. Seats
free.
FIRST Cl>u.Th of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter at., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.,
subject of losson- sermon. "Probation After
Death." Punday-school for children at the
same hour; Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock; free reading-room, 206 Kearny st.,
rooms 509-510; all are welcome.
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings In !
Elks' Hall, 22.3 Sutter st., at S o'clock; bub- !
Ject this evening, "Answered Prayers." Pas- j
tor, Mrs. Anna L. Gillespie; residence, 1107
O'Farrell st.
A MEETING for men only will be held to-
day at 3 o'clock at the Young Men's Chris-
tian Association, Mason and Ellis sis*., ad-
dressed by Rev. George C Adams, D.D. ;
subject, "J<?hovah> Appearance to Abra-
ham." Orchestral music; all eeats In the
hall free to men. Sacred concert and Sun-
'lay Club reception follows address.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
ARRIVED FROM NEW YORK.
Fred P. Evans, the famous psychic, known
as the peer of Independent slate writers and
clairvoyants, has returned from his East-
em visit and Is now prepared to receive his
friends and the public at his office, 1112
Eddy St.. near Octavla. Phone Scott 8S7.
VEDANTA Society. Swaml Trtgunatlta's lec-
ture to-night. S o'clock, on "The Four Stages |
cf Human Life," at 40 Steiner et. ; adm. 23c. 1
MRS. EBERHARDT te*ts to-night; 10c. 2«7
San Jose ave.. between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth sta.; readings daily.
"REXRADIO" lectures and "publicly" heals
the eick (to-day), 2 and 8 p. m. RADIUM
HALL, 783M.' Market and 1 Fourth st.
ARTHUR S HOWE lecture, 2 p. m. Room 8,
corner Seventh and Market sts. Mrs. Howe,
messages. Collection.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. Office 1206 Market st., room 14, j
Gait House.
TESTS. I. O. O. F., 7th and Market; 2-7:30!
sharp: Wilson. 7:30; Mr. Hargrave, Dr.
Cowan; 10c.
MRS. CONNOLL, 148 Sixth et. ; meeting ev-
ery night; all tests, 10c; Wed., 2:80; ladles'
circle, 10c.
MRS. STODDARD'S select full test read., se-
ances 25c. Sun.. Tues.. sit daily. 278 Dth st.
FRIENDSHIP HalL 3.J5 McAllister Bt.— Mre.C.
J. Meyer; sit. daily; tests to all every ev. ; 10c.
CIRCLE to-night, 10c. PROF. SABLICK. Egyp-
tian occult, daily 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 700 Ellis.
Tests, Scottish Hall, 8 p.m., 10c.; convincing
messages to all. Max well, Hovet.McKee, others
Odd Fellows' bldg.; 7:45; grand lecture, Illus.,
readings, birth dates, flowers; Perkins; others. |
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's evening circles; to- I
night. 10c; readings, 60c, $1. 148 Sixth st. '
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c; 619 I
McAllister; readings dally; come, skeptics, j
W. G. KEEGA-N holds a teat seance every
night excent Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth et.
MME. VIGAR'8 spiritual test meeting to-
night. 10c, 148 Sixth st.; elttlngs daily. '
MEETINGS — THEOSOPHICAI..
THE Theosophical Society, Academy of Sci- *
ences Hall — Public lecture, 8 p. m., by F Mi
Willie; subject, "Some Comments on Chris- -
tlan Doctrine" ; muilc by Prof. LIpscombe. I
SUNDAY LECTURES.
"REXRADIO" lectures and publicly heals the
elck (free) In view of audiences "Sundays"
(and daily), 2 and 8 p. m. Almost Incredible
marvelous healing results seen at every meet-
Ing. "Totally" deaf hear distant whisper*
lame and paralytics run and "leap" Instant-
ly, etc. Bring 200 supposed "Incurables" for
(free) publlo treatment and witness the won-
derful results. Read ads In to-day's "Per-
sonals." Come early to avoid crowding
RADIUM HALL, 783% Market and i
Fourth st
DR. BETTERO, free lector*, astral forces.
BmnPAT IiECTTJB— 9 — Oontlnuad. |
PROFESSOR J. M. BAIN, the New York ra- J
dium expert, lectures on "The Wonders of j
Radium and Its Power io Curing Nervous |
and Blood Diseases" every afternoon at 2
and every night at 8 o'clock this week In j
Central Hall, 1023 Market St.. near Sixth.
Admission free. Printed circular mailed to
the afflicted out of town.
W. E. COSTLEY. Socialist candidate Xor
Congress, has challenged Messrs. Llvernash
and Kahn to debate with him at Washing-
ton-square Hall, cor. Stockton and Union
Bts., Tuesday eve., Oct. IS. — Franklin Jordan
of Colorado and Lena Morrow Lewis will de-
fend the Socialist party and Mr. CosUey*s
candidacy. /
AAA — "NOW" lesson lecture. Henry Harrison
Brown; subject. "The Art of Living Practi-
cal New Thought." This is the last lecture
Klven by Mr. Brown before his Eastern tour;
telepathic demonstrations by Sam Ex ton
Foulds, -the wonderful mind reader Steinway
Hall. 223 Sutter St.. S p. m.; 25c and 60c.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening. Electricians' Hall, 35 Eddy st.
Subject. "The Cultivation of the Mind,"
followed by views of Art Fantasies. Free
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exhibi-
tion at Sanitarium Tuesday evening. Re-
member the question box. Spclal music.
SOCIALIST rally— Frank R. Whitney chal-
lenses Wynn. Hayes and Williams to meet
him at Harmony Hall. Wednesday, Oct. 19,
and debate their claims to the office of Con-
gressman. Mr. Whitney and A. M. Lewis
will defend the claims of the Socialist party.
Free.
AUSTIN LEWIS, translator of Engel's
"Fuerbach," will speak to-night In Carmen's
Hall, 810 O'Farrell, 8 o'clock. Subject. "The
Amsterdam International Socialist Con-
gress." Come early. Free.
MISS FRANCES E. SPEYER of Minneapolis
vill soeak at Golden Gate Hall to-dav at
11 a. m.; subject. "Man's Right to Pros-
per."
WALTER THOMAS MILLS speaks at Ham-
ilton Hall. Thirteenth and Jefferson sta.,
Oakland, Friday evening. Oct. 21; free.
BEN HANFORD, candidate for Vice President
on Socialist ticket, speaks In the Alhambra
Theater. Tuesday, Nov. 1. Free.
DR. COLLINGE — Subject. "Key to Happiness."
Memorial Hall. Odd Feliows' bldg., b p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. '__
ALTA Lodge No. 205 I. O. O. F.
—Initiation MONDAY EVEN-
ING Oct 17. Five candidates.
B. F. LEDFORD, N. G. -^tSWS^
THE Swedish Lodge Odin No. 393, rf «*'^ 1( .
I. O. O. Y.. m*ets every Vednes "4553|«gfc
day r.iKht in Fratc-rna! llai'..
iting brothers always welcome. "vfifiR^*
GEORGE G. MOREN. N. G.
SWAN CHYTRAUS, Secretary.
MODERN Woodmen of America, Good- 'V^m 5 ?'
fellowship Camp 9t«3 M. W. of A., I w
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at |V>
Fraternity Hall. 35 Eddy St.. San V*V
Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS, V.C.
W. J. ELLIOTT, Clerk; office, room 627
Emma Spreckels building.
THE S. F. SCOTTISH THISTLE _ C7 >T
CLUB will hold their twenty-third CJV, QC//J
snnual Hallowe'en party in Lyric yK*^jLK^
Hall. 119 Eddy St., FRIDAY "^eje?*
EVENING, Oct. 28; grand entertainment and
dance; admission 25 cents.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
proceis from N. H. Burner, tn Dry Gulch
Gravel Mine, near Pleasant Valley. El Dorado
County, Cal., draining into Clear Creek,
which nraches Ccsumnes River, gives notice
that a meeting to receim any protests will
be held at room 0« Flood bldg., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. October 31. 1004. at 1:30 p. m.
ADOPTION.
WANTED — Good homes for bright boys and
girls. Box 3370, Call office.
BABY wanted for adoption. 429 Broadway.
AOESTS WANTEP.
WANTED — Energetic man or woman to col-
lect for us and sell jewelry on installment
plan: straight salary: no deuoslt. ROTH-
SCHILD & SWANSON, wholesale iewelers,
US Market St., Chicago.
WE are prepared to suppiy profitable perma-
nent employment to several men; $10 to $30
weekly comfortably possible. Kushlon
Komfort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
1b worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
THE U. S. Bond Corporation, having passed
the P. O. authorities, would like a few hus-
tling solicitors. Room 273 Bacon block; 9 to
12, Monday; Oakland.
WE nr.y tW a week and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce poultry compound; year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 54. Par-
ions, Kans.
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders.
Pacific Agents Supply Co., 122O Treat ave.,
San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor can earn $50 a week
with legitimate line. Room 400, Grant bldg;.
GENERAL aeents for old line Insurance, So-
noma. Napa. Solano counties. Box .'J21\ Call.
INKLESS fountain pens: sample 15c; dozen
SI 60: retails 25c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush st.
AGENTS selling Park lots, cash or on the In-
stallment plan. 4«7 Parmtt building.
WANTED — Canvasser* for household article.
Apply 161 New Montgomery st.
ATTOBBrBYS-AT-3hAW.
R." W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room ell; established 26
years: all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all l»gal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick: no pay in advance;
mining companies organized ;patents obtained.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. ; estab. 22 yrs.
AAA— DIVORCE co.«ts. $12: qutck. quiet.
Advice free; al'. law business.
No charge unless successful.
1095 Market st.. cor. Seventh, room 419.
PENSION Atfy— M~Haxris7^>r6~Market st..rm~.
51; 1T» years' practice; ref. many thousands of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Paci-
fic Coast for whom I hare secured pensions.
AA— Divorce; costs $12;qu!ck.qu!et;advlce free:
all law business; no charge unless
ful. open evenings. 927 Market St.. room 301. j
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or i
costs in advance; all law business; office
g open Saturday, evenings. 819 Market st.,r.S3.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge unless success-
fnl; open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
W.Matthew«. 632 Market St.; consultation free;
private and confidential; no advance fees;
collections, mechanics' Hens, tenants ejected.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c, 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas; i
also Wishart, 10th and Washington, Oakland. \
ABTB.OI.OaY. J
ZOBEIDE, astrologer; psychic, occult and aa- i
trological readings. 9 Mason St.. rooms 1-2.
CONSULT ASTOR. famous N. T. astrologer, j
997 Market st.; booklet mailed. \
BOABPnro ros chj-dbeit.
EXPERIENCED nurse will give good home for
1 or 2 children; large yard near school; ref-
erences given; reasonable terms. 1339 Ala-
bama st.
WANT to board a pair"of twins 8 months old; '
give full particulars. Address 29 Norfolk st.
WANTED— A child or Infant to board; first-
class references. Apply to. 354 Orizaba ave.'
Ocean View.
A PRIVATE family will take care of young
girl. 6 to 8 years. 355 Oak st.
WANTED— To board small children. 1021 Van
Ness ave.
WANTED — To board small children. 1426
Pacific ave.
ONE or two children to board; good care. 542
Jessie st.
GERMAN lady would like to board children-
near 16th-st. station.' 1045 17th st., Oakland.
MASON. 1816— Child to board.
WANTED— A little girt to board. 2262 Mis-
sion st.
1015 JACKSON— Little *lrl to board; good
home.
SMALL child to board In private family; best
of care. 861 % Greenwich at. .,
BIOTCIi-B — Por Bala or Exchanga.
_ADY*S wheella good ord*r for sala, cheap.
2790 Pine St. ' .'.- •-:-" ;; «•-•-,-•
AUTOMOBILES.
A MODEL Cadillac engine; brand new; used
three months; complete, with lamps, horns;
extra tires, eto.; price $700. B13 Sixteenth
st.. Oakland.
*'B" MODEL Cadillac touring car; used three
months; complete with lamps, horns, extra
tires, etc.; price $900. 513 Sixteenth St..
Oakland.
WHITE Stanhope. In flnt-daM running con-
dition; a snap for $300. White Garage, Mar-
ket and Franklin its.
CADILLAC automobile for sale; In flrst-class
running order; price (750. Box 1572. Call.
FOR sale— "White" Stanhope, for $350. Box
1750. Call office.
balm or
A POSITIVE cure where all others fall: all
diseases of women; $2 per month. 804 Larkin
st.. upstairs.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location on Gear)' st.; rent $30; lease; a good
paying and old e*tabl. business; disagree
ment of Dartneis cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE, _6}» Kearny st.
A— $1400; DAIRY produce store with branch
bakery, confectionery and Ice cream parlor;
best location; about 1% blocks from Market
st.; dally receipts from $25 up. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2G& Kearny st.
A— $300: CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«% Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; CORNER saloon la wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
lease; a good paying business; value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
26 $£ Kearny st.
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition: 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4% years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying bus-
iness. R. Q. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $8C0; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call B. G. WILKE, 2OVs
Kearny at.
A— $.800; CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice-cream parlor, etc.; 4 One living rooms;
rent $50: one ot the best or its Kind of Busi-
ness In the city. See R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny at.
A— $L1X.u: CORNER grocery and bar, Trtth
living-rooms; rent $45: best location on Mis-
sion it.; place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A — SCSOO; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg. ;. rent $250; return rent $179;
place doing good business; full value In sight;
a great bargain. See R.Q.WILKE,28%Kearny.
A— $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A — $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent ! 100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town' across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bar: 21 horses. 2 hacks, 1 coupe, IS bug-
gies, harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders: sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 2G^ Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 60 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; la lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26K
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $23;
dally receipts about $20; best location north
of Market et. Call R. G. WILKE. 20H
Kearny st
A— $2600; HOTEL In San -Mateo County: 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
Ing alley ar.d dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5- year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar en Fultoa
street; rent $60: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2MX); a well established and
first-clasa paying business. Se* R. G.
WILKE, 26ft Kearny at.
$350 PARTNER, $450 Partner, $500 Partner.
$1000 Partner. $3000 Partner, $4WO Partner.
See BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny St.
NO triflers ne«d to apply If you mean business.
See BERG & POPP, 313 Kearny st.
BEFORE you buy any business call and see
BERG II POPP. 318 Kearny at.
$1600— SALOON; near Market; bargain: call
at once. l BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny St..
$500 — GROCERY and delicatessen; value in
I sight; bargain. BERG A POPP. 313 Kea-i:y.
$3800— SALOON, one block from Market; bar-
gain. See BERG &. POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$iu00 — HOTEL' and bar, 30 rooms, 40 board-
ers. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$1400 — SALOON and merchants' lunch: whole-
sale district. See BERG &. POPP. 313
Kearny st.
$6500 — HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
lease. See BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON with lease; rent $80; bargain.
See BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny st.
$£00 to $2750— RESTAURANTS In good loca-
tion; bargains. S«e BERG & POPP. 318
Kearn* ft.
$375 to $1000 — CIGAR stands In good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearny st.
RESTAURANT for sale; on account of sick-
ness; peats 40 people; new French range, and
In complete running order; doing a business
of $20 per day. Address box 1952, Call office.
WANTED — A man tn buy a small Interest in
a business and manage same while present
owner goes East. Box 3311, Call office.
A WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon (here for 12
years) for sale on account of retiring Box
1740, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale In the Mission: con-
venient to transfer corner. Address box 1964
Call office.
DESIRABLE "city lots to exchange for a busi-
ness. Address, with particulars, box 1600
Call office.
FOR sale — Notion and bakery. Address box
3327. Call office.
FOR sale — Cigar stand, near water front; day
trade; price $650; rent $.10. Box 1909. Call.
FOR sale— Cigar store in Oakland. Address
box 19S9, Call office.
SALOON for sale; fine location In Oakland-
good business. Address box 1571, Call office.
FOR sale — Jewelry store: can add notions, etc.;
nice llv. rooms cheap; sickness. 1606 Church.
PARTNER WANTED. " [
Leading, responsible real estate agency of
Berkeley desires progressive, thoroughly up-
to-date man of experience with some capital
and references as co-partner In the same-
gilt edge offer. Box 240, Berkeley Gazette.'
SALOON and restaurant — Best family resort
In Watsonville; low rent and long lease -
limit of 25 saloon licenses In this city: doing
a good business. Address THE TAVERN
Watsonville. Cal.
$250— DELICATESSEN and home cooking with
steady boarders; suitable for two ladies or
man and wife; nicely fur. living rooms-
receipts $15 day; rent $20 mo. Box 3045, Call.
GENUINE bargain — Best saloon in Haywards;
centrally located; long lease; selling account
sickness: Investigate this. Address P. O.
. box 527. Haywards. . '
A PROPOSITION requiring the use of $S0O or
$900; no risks; splendid returns In 4 months
Box 2937. Call office.
TAILORS, attention! Good chance; nice tailor
stort for sale (requires but little money),
consisting of Singer sewing machine,' looking-
glass, cutting takle, 4 benches, other fixtures -
a few suit patterns and trimmings. Address
P. DOMENICI. 210 S. San Joaquln St.. Stock-
ton. Cal.
FOR sale^ — A laundry doing $200 worth of work
per week in a prosperous town of 3500 Inhab-
itants: no other laundry within 20 miles; rea-
son of sale, retiring from the laundry busi-
ness Address box 2972. Call office.
FOR sale^ — In Fresno, liquor and wine business
wholesale, family and retail; established five
years; located on the main thoroughfare; rea-
son for selling, departure and sickness In the
family. Address J. H.. 1314 N, Fresno, Cal.
BARGAIN — Only millinery store In town; large
country trade; established 11 years; must sell
at once on account sickness; will sell cheaD
MRa. F. C. NEVIS, box 3. Pleasanton. CaL
$500 BUYS U Interest in business' worth $3000-
"$100 month guaranteed. 38 Geary, st., r 9!
YACHTSMEN and business m*n— All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheap
and exactly. Box 1718. CalL
FOR sale— Fancy trade fruit store cheap; owner
leaves town. 7T Fourth «C
SMALL bookbindery for sale cheap. SCHMIDT
668 Geary st. ¦ '
FOR sale— $1500 grocery, bar: well-paying busi-
neas San Mateo County. 166 First St., city.
YOUNG lady wishes partner In Padflc-sL sa-
loon. 324 Pacific »t.
$500-PARTNER. steady worker In weU pay-
ing business; refa. 610 Telegraph ave..Qakland.
GOOD corner saloon, on account of death. In-
auire 1898 Howard #*.¦•¦ : ' •
BUSUJBSa CHAHCE8 — ConttousA. __
A-CAMERON * CO Pbon* South 1050-
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market aad PwlL
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR saJe — Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
oiie hour's ride from city; fine chanoe ror
summer outing, also for winter shooting ana
ilshing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping: automatic generators ror
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accoarmodates l-
people over night; perfect little home; «*ner
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Fim-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city In California; 50 stal.s:
rent only $75 per month; well stacked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, caise of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy «t.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such aa first-class laundry. Ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy at.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate.
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON Sc CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort. SO minutes' ride from city; 1
acres in shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished: -
bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery:
many other attractions; rent $5O per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct: dears $4000 per
year; crlce $22uO. For further particulars
see CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st. '
FOR sale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses In
S. F.: cheap rent; horses and wagons; all
equipments; nresent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from *500 to *SOt> per month; trial jrlven If
desired; cart down. CAMERON * CO.
FOR sale— Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot ::0xl37 feet: all furnished; hors* ana
buggy; tine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
CALL at room 6. 231 Post St.. and Investigate
our proposition whereby you may have a
monthly incoma of 25% of what you Invest.
THE NEW CENTURY COMPANY,
2^1 Post St.. room 6.
A COMPETENT woman with some means to
Invest can secure salaried position In small
hospital, which two prominent physicians are
establishing: money fully secured; references
required and given. Box 3378. Call office.
HARNESS store located In the heart of Oak-
land; cheap rent; has good jobbing business;
owner leaving State and will sacrifice less
than cost. MITCHENER A BARTON. »1«
Broadway. Oakland.
$3000— FIRST-CLASS business, already estab-
Ii3hetl. with a brilliant future: Eastern
agency for the coast; profits $400 monch.
Store, lease and reason of Bale given by THE
ALDEN CO.. 123.J Broadway, Oakland.
A — $600 AND services secures a Vi Interest Is
old-cstab. manufact'g business clearing $300
to $lio monthly; party must be able manage
office or shipping dept. ; must be sober and
Industrious. See Brookbank, 917 Market si.
WHEAT Is very active and offers exceptional
opportunities for profit*: $2O margins 100O
bu. 2 cents; send for free book, facts and
figures, explaining option trading. OSBORN
GRAIN CO., Minneapolis. Minn.
$$40 BUYS a business of $75 to $100 per
month; requires but 3 hours' time every 2
weeks; a moncooly; easy: any on« can run
it: present owner to leave city; call at shop.
«09 Golden Gate ave.. city.
DO you want an honest bargain for small In-
vestment? Old established delicatessen dolag
fine cash business; owner has other business;
wishes to retire; Investigate. 217 Sixth st.
j WANTED — Grub ftake by an experienced
prospector and miner to prospect In Tonopah
gold field"; will sign contract for one pros-
pector. The Almonte, 873 Market, room 73.
PARTNER wanted that Is reliable and honest;
light Indoor business; established for years:
pays at least $£5 per month to each; very
small capital required. &7 Third St., room 14.
$3000 AND business ability will put two good
men Into a flrst-class proposition on the
ground floor: this Is well worth investigat-
ing. Box 33S*. Call office.
$10.0CO NEEDED for manufacturing enter-
prise: money secured: Investor will double
amount In six months. Address box 3191,
Call office.
RESTAURANT In first-class business location:
good trade; Income $25 to $35 a day: a bar-
gain for $90O. EITEL & CARROLL, 212
Kearny st.
i FINE correspondent owning large mailing list
wishes connection with some one with money
to }uln him in mall-order business. Box
32«n. Call office.
HOTEL business for sale; reasonable: big
business for two: clears $400 per month; 64
bedrooms, dtaing-room seats 4(i; lease given.
For particulars write M. F. CARDOZO. Mer-
ced, Cal.
100 L»'»TS free — Applicants sending stamp will
receiv? de-d of lot, size 25x100 feet. Suburb.
New York. 20th Century Realyr Co.. 6 Wall
st.. New York.
A— $100 A MONTH clear; poultry and egg
business. Particulars by addressing box i
30CC. Call office.
i $750— ROOM and boarding house In Oakland.
P. C. LASSEN A. CO.. 4M Tenth st. Oak-
land.
I $6f>0 BUYS Sonoma County weekly paper; best
thing on market: owner poor health JK-
BEZ. box 113. Petaluma, CaL
i GOOD paying carriage trimming, harness and
i carriage business; barrain: account of sick-
ness. 37.1 Tenth St.. Oakland.
I .
I CORNER grocery . store cheap: best location; :
; no oDpositlon; big stock. Particulars 1772
| Sutter st.
i ADVERTISING solicitor an partner In adver-
I . Using device; $100 cash required. Box 311S.
j Call office.
INVESTIGATE at once; chance of a llftlme:
real estate investment: big profits: absolute
security: <20.00«> reouired. Box 27a**. Call.
I FOR sale cheap — Machines, fixtures, good will,
established taller shop; power; low r»nt.
Box ai31. Call office.
FOR Kood Government land, adapted to all
crops and good climate, water for Irrigation
under U. S. Gov. system. 305 Larkin st.. r.49.
I A OOOD chance for a showcard writer with $50
, to make money. For particulars, write to
i J. W. A.. a*» North First St., San Jose. Cal
! GOOD chance for a few men with $1000 cr
more to get interest, with service, in redwood
i sawmill plant. Box 3376. Call office.
i $So — GOOD business. $150 stock; will trade;
rare chance. KISMET. 710 Broadway. Oak-
land; 2 to 5 p. m.
$250 — FOR sale or trade, a neat restaurant:
seats 40; good location; good trade; trial
given: what have you? 5*W Hayes st.
FOR sale — First-claw grocery and delicacy
store; account of Mckness. 3601 Army St.,
corner San Jose ave.
RESTAURANT. 314 Hayes st: chance to se-
cure established business; owner* leaving
town.
WANTED — Saloon; reasonable: no ajrents
Box 3012. Call office.
GRAND business opportunity: lady or gent
with $500; mo. Income $150. Box 1011. Call.
$100 CAN get you in on good mining co. now
forming. Bex CCJ7. Call office.
WANTED — Liquor license; state price and a<l-
dress. Box 3173, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale cheaD CUR-
RAN. Chronicle bldg.
CIGAR stands: 30 to select from! get mv free
list. HEDGES. 509 Parrott bldg.
$475— GROCERY \ and bar license: must be
sold to-day. Box 1761. Call office.
$175— CANDIES and pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. 525 Taylor st.
W B £ ISTiSIFJSJS 00 * " *""* pJ^
A CANDY store; $250; good location; chelp
rent; other business the reason. 1427 Market.
w «ML^ T Aig aiiaUa "' tBW - Add^^
GB S C ?^\*'l d f i*? lly Uqaor 8tor «: rrtnring
neighborhood: sickness. Box 3368, CalL
A CORNER grocery delicatessen, with 2 fur-
nished rooms; rent $15; 3-year lease Box
2729. Call office.
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, wltn 4 living rooms; can't be beat.
788 Hayes at. wu
$1200 A YEAR for life secured by «raall
monthly payments for a short time only
INVESTOR. BIS Parrott bldg. T '
BRANCH bakery, candles, stationery. Mvlns
rooms; cheap. 614 Hermann St., opp. Hearst
School.
FOR sale— Bar; 4 furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; on Mission road. Inauire
E. MONI. 810 Pacific st. bet. 8 aad »at nZ
$1000 — FOR sale, embroidery business wtta
good trade; suitable for lady. Box 298L Call.
BT7BZXTE8S CHAW COBS — Conttaaed.
A— $25,000; PARTY wasted wttli amount to
take Interest In oM established wholesale firm
doing enormous business, both locally and
foreign; money desired to complete extension
of new business now under way: :>.s goods
of this firm ase universally known as stand-
ard throughout the world; have agenda* In
'- all larre cltle«: this Is a genuine otZmr aad
to the right party an elegant opportunity to
invest with an absolute guarantee; oaly par-
ties able to foralsii commercial refeva&oas
need apply. £ JAQUrrH .
1312 Market at..
Rooms 41S-418. TVlethoae Folsota M«S.
FTNE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF y»a wish to buy cr sell property ot aay d»-
•crlptlca do net fail to call upon u»; w» cay
ha»e Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to selL
J. W. JAGUITH.
• 1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Teleaiu-ne Folsota 84CS.
$2C00— ASSOCIATE yourself with a highr«lass
J proposition, where you can handle yoar own
noney and secure large profits. Just returned
I from the world's fair. Have a xaerchandue
contract with a corporation of officials of
the fair. Territory all Western Btates. Brit-
ish Columbia, Alaska. Insular Paelfle pos-
sessions. China. Japan. Too larg» to baacU*
alone. Must ha\-« Immediate active asd finan-
cial assistance. E«st references gtrea aa3
required No agents or brokers need answer.
Principals only. Box 3213. Call otace.
SALOON on Fourth st.. near Market, nlc* ocr-
aer. good stock on hand, bargain ai $190tr.
country hotel, with good trade and l*a*».
billiard and bar room, beat place tn. So-
noma County, price $3uOO; fine list of busl-
nesees. hotels and rommmg-houses la city
and country. EITEL A CARROXI* 212
Kearny »t-
17 you are looking for a good hotel, retort or
hot springs, call on or write
_ F. L. SKACJG3 A CO..
Western Hotel Broken.
20 Montgomery st., San Francljcsx
Phone James 6301.
A SNAP— Flrst-class flower store for $400: es-
tablished 11 years. Call SOS Valencia st.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inqsir*
at the Jackson Brewery. 1428 Mission «t-
GROCERIES and saloons fox sal* at 11 OS
Webster st.. Oakland.
$175— S-ROOM house; rent $27 SO; csat s*Q at
once. Call 357 Fourth st.
LODGING-HOUSES 7OX S1LS.
MARION OHZTTOft
ROOM VA. EXAMINER BIHIeDIXf*. ©or. Id
and Market sts.. tel. Black 3«07; free list of
hotels and rooming booses for sale. TTE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONET TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
I PARTLY FURNISHED— 14 nlcs rooms la flae
location: 7 blocks norta c* Market; rent
$70; T rocss.9 famished, T ua*urn!siied; pric*
$300; we back you for part.
MARIOX GRXyyTN.
0FFE31 WANTED :.-.* week on a moat beau-
tifully furnished 70-room house; XIW and
modern building; Icrw rent; ft-year lea«e;
high class roomers; double froctag*; house
with worlds of lanjhlat; ilckr.ns of man-
ager necessitates a sal*; coiae and Investi-
gate ; tell us what terms you'd U:<» and we
shall endeavor to arrange to suit Ten.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MY HOUSE has 20 rooina,
MY RENT U only $60.
MY MONTHLY profit 1» $90.
My price wu $1800; Is now $1200.
My terms are one-third down and $29 monthly.
My only reason Is bad health.
My only agent is MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOMELY FURNISHED house «f 17
rooms on Van Kess ave.; r«at $63; leas* If
desired; now clears $73; nlc* back yard;
flower garden In front; easy to tak* car* of:
owner is sick; price reduced to $1000; easy
terms.
MARION ORUTTN.
I BANK $13S monthly as my book
show; but I must sell and go East
i ON MORE IMPORTANT BUSINESS.
| . I.— «
I have a nice., clean hou»* cf 33 room*
Any reasonable offer will b* accepted.
I would take $1C*Y> dowa. balane* la
SMALL PAYMENTS.
Se« my sole agent.
MARION GPJPTPy.
THE OWNER SATS:
"No stranger will be permitted
to Inspect my hous* unless aa
agent MARION GRIFFIN'S office
comes along. I am away from
home most of the time and ray
wife Is afraid of strang* people
who try to get in on all kind*
of excuses. The house makes a
good living for two a:-. J $34 over.
I can sell on easy terms to
any sober and Industrious raaa aa4
wife who have $500 to $1000 cash." SW
MARION ORIFFIN.
SUTTER STREET — O-roora corner Cat; price
$450; part cash; worth $S50; rant low.
MARION ORIFFIN.
Room 406, Examiner bide.
— — _ .
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED apartment-hous*
of 24 rooms; clean and new and nice; north
of Market; profit $76 monthly; price $2500.
reduced to $1800 and (if you caa glT* good
references) 1st payment to $400.
MARION GRIFFIN.
The Real Estat* Agent.
C. E. HINKLEY PHONE MINT TOti.
102i> MARKET ST. OPP 5th. st.
RELIABLE DEALINGS AND EAST TERMS
SATISFACTION TO ALZ>
OUR SPECIALS.
14 rooms. Ellis st. ; yours for only ... $350
20 rooms, one floor; leas*: mechanics.... $473
25 rooms north of Market; speculation.. $<«•»
31 rooms. 12 unfurnished; clears $70 $1060
It rooms. 4 unfurnished; a snap.... $230
50 rooms, men roomers; rent $50 $1400
8 sunny rooms, sunny corner: rent $27... $200
44 rooms, sunny corner; boarding;
clears $150 $1*!V»
' 12 rooms, near Market st.; rent $30 $.T75
1 20 rooms. Sixth st.; clears $62 $7« ¦>
i 30 rooms, men roomers: claars $90 ...... $S?ft
1 14 rooms. Bush st.: rest $40 $3ot>
j AND MANY OTHERS.
: THIS is a bargain: 24- room lodging- hous* on
fine street: rooms all full; are newly fur-
nished; bath and running water; own*r la
compelled to leave city; no other reasoa for
selling: rest Is reasonable and on lease; ln-
| vestigate. Box 1521. Call office.
I A SNAP — Eight finely furnished rooms* on a
business corner: warm belt. Mission; $o0o
clears $34; party leaving city; no agent.
Box 3108. Call office. :
t HOUSES ot 10 rooms each, all filled far
the winter: centrally located: sacrifice ac-
count sickness. Box 2904. Call ofSet.
11 ROOMS and bath; rooms always r*nt«d; a
bargain; no reasonable 'offer refused; owntr
leaving city. «43 Geary st.
FINE transient corner; 203 Taylor St.; 8-
room house; no a cents.
LODGING-HOUSE: 15 room»: r«ar LarlUa and
i Sutur. Box S293. Call offlc*.
I 12- ROOM hous*: enly $20 fent; $800 eaaa; w*n
furnished- 823 Jeasi* st. bat. eta aad Tta.
NICE rooxnlns>boua« tor *al«. Call S8A Tur»
atr**C --VgtfgaSB^iafllttaaTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 16, 1904.
45
A ~£tf££*** & OO; rhone South 1O5O.
uiL"* "V tor. Itarkst and Powell.
»»tadv,uururs ror Roctnlar-touo*es, llutels and
aii Kinds of liusinets Chances.
d chea » re^t: 2 yeai*' learc; fine
r, '«S I! entrant.?*; vverjUiins in
£.1^?*" .""adltiun; good lurniturc V.n<i cm-
s -rt' ?** rl f l * naw *-'*«> I**" month; it run traii-
2££ 5?" 2£E ***' " $a50 £ er month; here is !
i«st proposition in city.
»¦ L" 1^?^ modern fi * t : close '«; »"eli furnished;
Cost $W0; a bargain if sold at ence; $=w.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on]
c-1-..er: paying a handsome profit on invert- i
mer.t; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only J5 50 per room; long
; u;i-t-i-date. <iowr.town. modern house; ',
«l«tr;c lights, bell and t-lcvator; all li^ht
rooms, well furnished through jut; chance of [
ii.*-tim<- to per firM -class hou&e that is clearing
»•--(> to f450 at barcain; owner obliged to leave
li>r Kui-ope to settle aa estate; make offer;
exciusiveiy with u s .
ttO-roorr.. new, modem 2 and 3 room apart-
rier.t-ho^s*; cheap rent; mon elegantly
quipped in city: 3 years" lease; every ap-
V"i«r.unent heart eoeU wish; this little gem at
tjargain on account of tickneis.
•*5 rooms: rent only $ii*r. : hr?t -clays location: ¦
»*U lurnishei and g.x,d running crder; clear- '
ir-.K now over $2UO per month; always full: beet
w»y in city; account cf sickness; price (J450O.
ISO rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
DOOae; elecar.tly furnished and equi|>ped; cheap
rer.t; fine lease; paying $100 to SGOO per month;
close in; full of n:ee people; bargain if taken
tit once; dissolution of partnership.
GO rooms; new. modern building; elegantly
rarnUbed; close :a; full cf first-class people;:
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
r«"t aa UB-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: r»nt $140; new and elegantly fur-
Bamea: otk and mahogany; fine proposition;
good leas*.
1« rooms: rent f»55: good furniture and car-
pets: always full; must «e!l within next ten
Cay*; leaving city; make offer.
30 rooms; newly fumirhed throughout: five-
year lease; downtown; line, respectable, mon-
*> -making: house; part down, balance reason-
fctle Interest.
9-rootn fiai; rent only S.%0; water free; oak 1
lumi-.ure, soud carpets; must aeil; price ?4OO.
123 rooms, cheap rtnt; long lease; first-class, |
ti!>-to-date cowntuwn house; well furnished;
clearing fioo to $CoO per mouth; mn*t sell on
account .if ether business; only with us.
65 room?; best downtown commercial house
" city; clearing now $.iOO per month: every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley propertv or ranch I
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very cntral: g'x>d fur-
niture and carpets; clears ?100 per month;
tnus=t leave c;ty; make an offer.
54 rooms: cheap rent: thoroughly renovated:
• !i in fine shape: fine little apartment-house;
dears I13u; reduced to $2SuO.
Larire list r»f real e»=tat<*. rooming-houses and '
Lut ine*i« for exchange or trade always on hand.
HOTELS. CAMKHOX. 3 'Eddy ML
MITCHELL & CO ..
J2<*» Market st Phone Jessie 25>M.
K ¦-•mlng and apartment houses, hotels and
flats, sold to mil |>urrhatwrs; titles guaranteed.
- MITCHLXL & CO
20 its*., downtown, nr. theaters: rent $75; rea-
., ¦i.al.l.- offer accepted. MITCHELL. 1206 Mkt.
.AltVEKTISEMENTs. subscriptions received at
Ml branch ofrice. ccr. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been '
opened at IGfb Market st.. opposite Fifth.
r 'ren until 11 p. m.
LODGIKO-SQTJSES WAgTEg
WANTED — A tma'.I rooming- house. Box 2712
Call off.ee.
Booanxro houses aitd hotels.
DECKER'S MONDAY SPECIAL.
4« ROOMS SUXNT SIDE.
NORTH MARKET. RENT $15u. LEASE.
PRICE f.'XtKO — ONE-THIRD CASH
COMB. LOOK. BUT DO IT QUICK.
ItKMKMBER.
THE EARLY CALLER
GETS THE
BARGAINS.
DECKER. THE BARGAIN MAN.
WE HANDLE NOTHING BUT
BARGAINS.
I
AND ANOTHER. i
55 room*: rent ?75; lease: on Market et. ; 2:
rr.trance?: guaranteed to clear $200 every
in t -h; owner sick
ASfD
WANTS
AN
OFFER.
ALSO
IS iw>m$, runny rorner; transient, transient,
traiiH'r.t; clears $1400 last 12 months.
DETKER, »0« Market st.
PLEASE CALL AND SEE ME BEFORE
i.rVINO- PE<-KER.
jCLOTEIiTG SEBTOVATISG.
fcCITS clean.. d and pressed, fl; scouring and
c'yeing. Ben Marcbe. Examiner blig.. r. 410;
phone Druicm 44. Cail for and deliver free.
COLLECTZOIMOFFICES.
HAD tenante «.j»*ted for $4; collectiomTmadT-
city or country Pacific Collection Co., 413
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th* Weekly Call.
'f. mic-*^ ir. »r.rr*r. lor mailing. 51 per year.
CLAIKVOYA3TS.
THE greatest living adviser on the continent.
RICHARD MAYO.
Reduced charges this week.
Full life reading, $1 00.
fatisfactirn guaranteed or r.o fee accepted.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one treed, he will tell you what you call
for; give daifs, iarte and names of departed
or absent friend* ; be tells every wish cf your
die, hew to gain su?c<t*s in love, courtship,
marriapc, divorce; whether you'll be success-
ful in business affairs; in fact no matter what
may be your fear, hope or ambition, call on
this rifted man and find relief; his descrip-
tions of your friends and rnemies are as Tea!
as though they stood belore you; he will send
you away hajpier. wistr and bolder than e\ r er
Nfore; teils you whom and when you will
Ciarry. settle* love quarrels, promptly reunites
the nrparated. nj matter how long standing,
positively mentioning your sweetheart's full
r.irae; be tells everything, good or bad; you
bear the truth and nothing but the truth;
ail bueineaa confidential. 421 Ellis et. (pri-
vate), walk in; hrs. 8 to 10 daily and Sunday.
MIES If. WILLE. 330 Ellis *t.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer and business medium, in as-
tonishing the skeptics with her remarkable
psychic power: whatever may be your
anxiety or wishe*. whether you are skeptic
or believer, consult MIp* M. Wille: through
her advice scores of unhappy homes have
befn made ones of constant sunshine; hun- i
dreds of lover*' quarrels have been nettled;
thousands of unsuccessful business men have
1>«»ti advised tn success, some to fortune; a
Bfcort consultation with Miss Wille will con- <
vine* the most skeptical that ehe is a mir-
acle and her poewr to read your complete
pa.Ft and future cannot be doubted; the!
troubled and unfortunate should seek her
advice ere it i* too late; her readings are.
strictly conftdertial ; she can give you that
P^ace cf mind that neither wealth nor power
can produce; she gives the secret of how to '
control, chcrm and fascinate the one you
leve; readinrs on valor: hours, 10 a. m. to
6 t>. m.: tel. Hyde lh06.
Mi!!-. M. BERNARD THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gires an accurate description of the past, re-
reals the present happenings and portrays
events tc occur in the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles. coskuU this great medium and you will
be to!d hew to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 23c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM all eectiens they come to witness the
wonderful demonttrationa of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would it not
be a relief to know how you will succeed
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
ling you and of the schemes of your enemies
that you may meet with better success? Then
for a reliable reeding go to LIVINGSTONE
428 Eddy tt.; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. ra.-8 p. m.
MMK. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant, me-
dium, born with double veil and second si-ht
trivee lucky days; t*!l* past, present future'
Ladies &0c; G.. by cards. $1; palmistry clalr-
vcyant gRtir.*a, $1 50. 303 Jones, near' Eddy.
A— Mis* M. Wine. 339 EMs, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell yon exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; name* given; epeclaL $1; hours 10 to S.
JSMAR. Egyptian wffeti, The Vendome 1104
Market tt.. £an Francireo. Office hours — 10
s. tn. to 5 p. a.; Suniars. 10 to 12; Wednes-
dsy evening, 6 to h. T'hone South 1141.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fail try
me: good readings 2Sc. 721 Franklin at. near
Golden Gate ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
MISS ZEilDAR, young, gifted clair. aad palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, eta; L. 60c;
G. fl; hour* 10 to 9; same*. 714 Franklin »u '
CLAIBTOTAKTS — Continued. !
. ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
¦ His lonaer $3 reading this week for $1. I
PAUL DESTINE.
j'iie first registered trpnee clairvoyant and ,
palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee j
«o oak* uo cUarvt if I rail to tell your name !
ami what you want to know. 1 tell if hub- i
bund, wife cr sweetheart is true or falee.
ivlioni and when you will marry; in fact, I !
will tell sverv hope, fear or ambition better j
than you can tell yourself; I will improve
your condition eo you will reach th© greatest J
• possible strength in mental and bodily vigor I
end luck that insures success In business, I
mining and speculation; I implant controlling •
power ia your nature «o you can fasclnats !
any one you de««re. win the one you love, |
Dring back your loved one and cause marriage ;
with the one of choice. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
Closed Sunday. S2G — O'Farrell at. — 326.
WHEN others fail, try Mrs. Clark, the wonder-
ful palmist, clairvoyant and card reader; la-
dies only. 42S Geary st.
MRS. RICHARDSON, from London. England,
clairvoyant, card reader. 313 Ellis at.; no
•tea.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
nara»s Riven; 20c up. 8 Ellis St.. near Market
MME. WALTERS, rreat card reader; la. 2T»c. j
gents jCc. i;31 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sun.
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles :£<;; gents 50c. 545 Minna" st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 612»4 Eddy st.; no sign.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readlngg 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 512 Jeaile at.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known ltwtun«-
f Her. 1» cow at 317 ElMa rt.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fr*d P. Ev-
ans, famoua psychic for slate writing, cla'.r-
voyance. Office, 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 8S7.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY clairvoyant, business !
medium and life reader. Office 120« Market j
st.. Gait House, room 14. j
MRa CRINDLE'S materialiring seance Sun- |
day eve.. 60c; 8 o'clock. S2S Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkin. \
room 49; readings I to H; tel. Snutb 31S». ,
C. V. MILLETt'S materializing seance to-night, j
8 o'clock; $1. 1C»4 Bush at.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium and lffe
reader; dr. ev. eva'g 10c; read dally. 43 6th.
FAUJISTaT. !
3IADAME DEVAB. palmist and a?troloser. j
Llebes bldg.. 138 Poet at.; hours 10 to 6. i
CA^?ET^EA^raC^iLH^CL ! B ; AHTNQ.
COMPRESS£-D"'Aiira^d~Val?m^^
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal •
carpet* and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at «hop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.:
phones Main 152 and Bu»h 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
e«id for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- !
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1809 Har-
rison et. ; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DOKN & CO.; phone Muicn 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
3o3 Ox4den Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth «.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 3>»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1708 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 263.
DEXfTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break-
warranted 20 yre.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c :
plates $5: full Bet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
raade; old plates made over like new- teeth
from »8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up'; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 85c: crowns. f2- no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, rurgeon-dentist r 14 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
t>R. R. L. "WALSH has moved from Geary at.
to corner Sutter and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tirte. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th
dhissmakees and seamstresses.
alwats in the lead,
mcdowell system of dresscutting
receivee gold medal above all others at St.
Louis exposition: fits every form; follows every
fashion: everything from basting to designing '
taupht; enter now and receive this week's j
premium: best course in millinery given on
the coast: patterns cut-
McDOWELL SCHOOL, 1019 Market rt.
JUST from Paris — Mme. Olga. dressmaking
for ladles and mis-t.es; fancy tailor-made.
327 Geary et., opposite St. Francis.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, aunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art'e button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we I
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
Ft., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and ae«. 8. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; ref a. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerecn School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
M. J. CONROY. public stenographer, expert
and private shorthand teacher; typewriting
and mimeographing. Room 227. Emma
Spreckels buldg.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864; Van
der Naiilen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. En«., math., etc.; day and
eve.; individual lnstr. 305 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pae. Bus. CoL I
CALIFORNIA School Elocution and Oratory.
Physical culture — Day and evening: class or
private. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. Mason and Ellis.
CLASSES In short etory writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Tburs., 2 p. m..
333 Pbelan bldg; terms very reasonable.
MRS. PAULA ANGERMENDE, Conservatory
Basel. Switzerland: lessons and dally practice j
at studio, J6 per month. £60 McAllister st.
MANDOLIN thoroughly taught beginners or
adulU; class or private; reasonable. 1526
California rt~, near Polk.
SPANISH— If tired of poor, insipid teaching,
come to 427 Sutter St. for a good, proper
instruction.
FRENCH or German lessons 25c an hour to
beginners. MRS. C. MOULIN. 44 Woodward
avenue.
LADY wants to teach English laneuage to
foreign people; terms reasonable. Box 3033,
Call office.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market at. Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 1281 Market st.; large sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
SPANISH claRses and private; fifth successful
year of teaching. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
LESSONS given in gold and ellver engraving.
Box 3363. Call office.
PRIVATE lessons telegraphy; rapid success as-
aured students. 246 Scott at., near Halght.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writing.
et:.. $5 mo.; private. 12S1 Market St., r. 704.
SPANISH.Frencb.ete.Prof.De FIIippe'sAcademy
of languages, 1018 Poet; est. 1871: ablest profs
DANCES fcr the stage; guaranteed hits. SAI-
DEE GERARD BUGBEE, studio 1053 Bush.
CMALLEY'S Dancing Academy. 1164A O'Par-
re ii Adults Thursday, Juveniles Saturday.
KENT Law School; day and night; send for
particulars. 536 Parrott building.
PRIVATE leesons given In drawing, painting
and pyrograohy. Box 3185, Call office.
PUPILS wanted to take lessons on piano and
Spanish at 1027 Kearny et.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano:
beginners & adults; 60c. 2395 Mlasion.cor.SO.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3: per ma;
mandoUa dub, $1 ptr mo. 828 Hatcht st
EDUCATIOlffAIi — Continued. i
LADY teacher of piano, art, languages, Eng-
lish branches, desires engagement anywhere.
Box 31S6. Call office.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
Eonally. Miss M. O. Barrett, 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 3*5 Halght;
Individual initruc. ; all branches; 'day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Buslnesx College. 923 Golden
Gate five.. S. F. : 75-page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT JHPPICES. .
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnUb bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 609 Hearat »ld.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japaneae-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell at.; tel. Main B752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stocktoa;
beet help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr..tel.Bui<h 899.
RELIABLE Japanese -Chinese Employment Of-
fie?: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 31M.
CHINESE and Japanese help; eitab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY Sc CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEST ; WAirrED-~PEMAr.E :
STRONG, willing, competent American woman,
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by day; fine laundress; guarantees I
satisfaction; $1 26 and carfare: no half-day. !
fe27A Howard St.. flrat flight, room 8. j
AN elderly American woman wants light |
work; good home and $10 a month. Box I
2999, Call office.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envelopes
reasonable at MISS EDNA CRAMER'S, room
800, Mutual Bank building.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day; $1 50; dreaees altered: perfect
fit guaranteed. Address box 2445, Call office.
COAT finisher wlehes a place. 1183 Harri-
Fon st.
DRESSMAKER desires work by the day. Box
265«. Cal lofflce.
MENDING don* by th* day. Inqulr* 163 Erie
etreet.
WANTED— Place as seamstress. E10 Fell at.
A LADY wlshea washing by the day. Box
2653. Call.
STENOGRAPHER with poaltion would like
some extra work. Address box 2661. Call.
WANTED — Position as managing housekeep-
er. Box 2630. Call.
A MARRIED lady will care for a small child
at her home or will go out to sew and care
for children two days a week; in Mission
preferred. Box 2648. Call.
STRONG wouan wants work by th* day. 186
Sixth st.
DRESSMAKER wants situation; $1 SO a day.
1222 Howard *t.
LADY wishes situation to cook for lunches
and dinner parties. Address 1367 Mason at.;
tel. Black 600.
SWEDISH girl wants position for general
housework; wages $15 to $18. 23S8 Bryant.
WANTED — Position as cashier In restaurant.
507 Octavla at.
SEAMSTRESS wants day work. Ulfl Folsom
street.
WOMAN wants situation to take car* of child.
Apply 206 East et.
LADY detective wants sp*olal work In store.
Box 2C19. Call.
WOMAN wants mending to do by the day.
111A Silver st.
WANTED by middle-aged woman, position aa
housekeeper in hotel or rooming-house; coun-
try preferred; reference. Address MRS. EL-
GEN. 1535 Mission st.
SCOTCH laundress, first-class worker, wants
position; wages not less than $35 month.
1S50 Nineteenth ave., Sunset district.
WANTED — Place as stenographer. Address
M. D., 1816 Poet st.
POSITION as housekeeper. 758 Minna «t.
POSITION ss cook. 827 Ellis at.
CHILDREN'S and plain sewing to do at horn*.
Phone Hyde 607.
LADT would like position as cashier tn restau-
rant. Apply 603 Howard st.
WISH position as child nurse. Apply 349 His-
sion st.
HOUSEWORK, cleaning, scrubbing, washing
or any kind cf light work by the day. Box
2970. Call office.
WISHES a position as dressmaker] Apply at
1214 Mission st.
GIRL wants to do housework. Box 2643, Call
office.
A DRESSMAKER wanta work; $1 60 day. 1258
Howard ft.
WOMAN wishes to wash by the day. 842 Mln-
na st.
LADY wishes position as bookkeeper In whole-
sale house. Apply 1618 Eddy nt.
EXPERIENCED stenographer wants to do of-
fice work Saturday afternoon. Box 2676, Call.
COMPETENT nurse would Ilk* position. Box
2C85, Call offlc*.
WANTED— Position as polisher. Box 2622,
Call office.
LADY wishes position a* cashier; good refer-
ences. Apply Bruesa Cafe, 70 Third st.
A YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier In
restaurant; experienced. Box- 2705, Call.
WOMAN wants few hours a day work. Box
2704. Call office.
A LADY wishes housework. Apply 118 Perry
street.'
A WOMAN going out by the day, washing and
ironing; no postal. 148 Sixth st.
A RELIABLE woman for washing or house-
cleaning; $1 25 per day; no windows. Ad-
dress box 26fe9. Call offlc*.
WANTED — Position as cashier in restaurant.
Apply 189 Jessie st.
GIRL wants position to do housework. Box
2634. Call office^
YOUNG German girl would like poeition In
bakery. NW. corner Fifteenth and Noe ata.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 9^
Salmon «t., off Pacific, near Taylor.
WANTED — A poeition to mind baby In day-
time by a young girl. Box 2633, Call.
WILLING woman wants work from 9 to 4.
Apply 617 Birch ave.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day. 145
Hycie st.
WANTED — A position as cook. Box 2631, Call
office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1378 Eddy
street. \
REFINED lady wants position as housekeeper
Box 2C27, Call office.
A LADY will do plain sewing at home; rea-
sonable. Box 2720. Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
best references. Box 2721, Call office.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes position to take j
full charge of one cr two children. Box
2&8S. Call office, i
AN American lady wishes a position as man-
aging housekeeper. Box 2677. Call office.
LADY wants to do plain sewing at 724 Na-
toma street.
LADY wants position as governess. 17 Third
street.
A REFINED middle-aged German woman as
housekeeper; private family. Box 2672, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; also com-
petent infant's nurse wants position and
chamberwork; references. Address Nurse,
box 2667, Call office.
WANTED by a strong woman, work by the
day. Address box 2669, Call office.
WANTED— A position as nurse to children;
city or country; references. Box 2668, Call.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, light
housework. Apply box 2674, Call office.
BOY would like position as cabin boy on some
ship. - ' Address 1367 Mason st.
CLERICAL work of any kind to do at night,
t Box 2715. Call office.
YOUNG lady with best references wlehes po-
sition as chambermaid In hotel, or will take
care of a child. 617 Post st. '
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like poeition as
housekeeper. 607 Octavla st.
AN elderly German woman wishes position In
small family; neat: good cook: references;
-email wages. Box 3040, Call office..
WANTED — Position aa seamstress. Apply 617
Filbert st. . : .
WANTED — Position . as fitter. Apply 612
Union st.
LADY would like to teach embroidering. 606
,.' Turk st.
EMPLOYMENT WAITTEP — remale— Con
GERMAN- AMERICAN girl wishes situation
as cook in private American family of
adults: $30 to $35. Box 3050, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants position by the day.
1430 Clay st.
A LADY wishes plain sewing. Apply 150
Clara st.
GOOD, willing girl wishes to assist at any
kind of housework. Apply 440 Natoma st.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day; Is
a good cook and laundress. Call 914 Howard.
A YOUNG girl wants to do light housework.
Apply 911 Harrison st.
YOUNG lady wants a position as bookkeeper.
Box 802^, Call office.
AN experienced woman would like work of
any kind by the day: $1 25 day; 6 to 5.
Call for 3 days at 737 >£ Howard st.
A WOMAN wanta work by the day waahlng
and cleaning. Address 1210 Hampshire st.
SALESLADY wants position In millinery
store. 1445' Buchanan et.
PLAIN sewing wanted by •eamstress at
home. Box 2725, Call office^
POSITION wanted as dressmaker. 443 Clem-
entina »t.
WANTED — Position as nurse. Box 2726. Call.
WANTED— Plain dressmaking. Box 2893,
Call office^
GERMAN woman wants position In family.
623 Howard st.
QIRL about 16 wants position aa nurseglrl.-
510 Haj-rtson et.
WANTED— 6«wlng by tn« day. 1620 Castro.
WANTED — Position as traveling oompanion.
Address box 2138. Call office.
YOUNG Englishwoman wants work by the
day. Apply at »15 Powell at.
WANTED — Writing to do at home. Apply at
105 Rubs st. cor. Howard.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation. Box
2755, Call offlc*.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing *nv*l-
opes. Box 2916. Call ofrice.
WANTED — Situation to do home mtlHnry.
2O4A Valencia tt.
WANTED— Position as typewriter: expert
Remington operator. Box 2731. Call.
WANTED by a girl 12 years old, work as a
nursegirl after school hours. Address F. ;
WEST. 788 Folsom St.
A WOMAN wishes to do chamberwork a few I
hours a day. 221% Tehama at. | j
WANTED — Position, managing housekeeper;
dty or country; best reference. Box 293S,
Call office. «
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing!
and houseoleanlng; $1 60 a day and carfare.
F. WAITS. 181 South Park. ,
REFINED, middle-aged lady wants position as
managing housekeeper; hotel, private home, j
apartment house. Box 2922. Call.
WANTED by respectable woman, washing by
the half day. Please call 3275 Harrison Et.
AN expert stenographer desires a poeition of
trust. Address box 2730, Call office.
AN experienced landlady wants management
first-class apartment or rooming house; ex-
change for room and board. Box 2626. Call.
WANTED — A poeition as dressmaker. 445A
Clementina st.
A GOOD cook wants tttuatlon in private fam-
ily or email boarding-house. Call 914 Howard.
WANTED— By a lady with experience, posi-
tion as bookkeeper or to do clerical work.
Box 8176. Call office.
STRONG, willing; competent American woman,
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and I
washing by day: fine laundress; guaranteed
satisfaction; $125 and carfare; no half-day.
S27A Howard et., flr»t flight, room 8.
COMPETENT cook; would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework in Ameri-
can family; wages $25 to $30. 635 Minna
St., near Sixth.
POSITION wanted as stenographer. Box 8048,
Call offlc*.
POSITION wanted aa apprentice In millinery.
Box 3089. Call office.
WANTED — Position as seamstress. Inquire
610 Union st.
RESPECTABLE women wishes work by the
• day. Apply 7S7 Howard st
A YOUNG lady would like position as eten-
oi<rapher. Box 3129. Call office.
LAUNDRESS from the East wants steady
work; hotel or family; city or • country;
wages $30. 425 Kearny st*
GOOD, reliable young 1 lady seeks position as
bookkeeper; office preferred; can do any
kind of office work; references furnished.
Box 3077. Call office. .
WANTED — Position as seamstress. Apply 835
Broadway.
WANTED — A position as stamstreea. 604
Union st.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by
day washing preferred. 1622 Leavenworth.
YOUNG lady as office assistant; good pen-
man. Box 8124, Call office.
SITUATION u stamper! Box 8117, Call of-
flce.
YOUNG lady wlehes stenography work a few
hours In the evening. Address box 3127, Call.
SITUATION wanted as nurs* girl. 118 Page
street.
WANT position as nurse rirl. Box 3183, Call
office.
WOMAN wants position as housekeeper- refer-
ences. Box 8184, Call office.
A GIRL of 15 would like to learn trade. 1423
¦ Polk st.
LADY wants work by the day at 636 Natoma
street. *
GOOD waitress would like position in hotel or
restaurant. Address 126 Fourth st.
POSITION as housekeeper; references. Box
2737. Call office.
YOUNG ironer wants work in a laundry. Call
724 Minna st.
YOUNG lady wishes position In glove house;
some experience. Address box 2735, Call.
WANTED— A place as housekeeper. 443 Clem-
' entina at.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper by young
lady. MISS L. WILLIAMS. 639 Golden Gate
avenue.
HAIR dressing, shampooing, manicuring
Phone Howard 4163.
GIRL want/i situation for upstairs work and
eewlng. Call 31 Fulton st.
DRESSMAKER, expert, wants engagement;
best references. Box 3092. Call office.
MAID, flrst-class sewer, packer, hairdresser
Box 3073, Call office.
LADY wishes to do sewing, etc.. by the day;
terms reasonable. Box 3078, Call office.
*V ¦ — ¦ — '
STENOGRAPHER, large experience desires
position in court work; proficient. MISS M •
208 Eddy st. . '
WANTED — By a woman, sewing by the day
$1 25. 410A Bryant st. y '
WANTED — Position as nurse. 172 First et.
RESPECTABLE, middle-aged woman wants a
position as working housekeeper; no ob-
jection to plain washing; a good cook Ad-
dress 142 ferry st.
DAY work. 1375 Harrison st.
WORK by the day. 440 Natoma st. '¦'" v '-
A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day; references. Box 150, Call.
WANTED — A situation to do chamberwork
Address box 3174. Call office. crw °ra.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes general
housework In small family. Address '¦'•. !
Merritt St.. cor. Hattle. " ¦
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper; best of '
references. Box 3195, Call office.
COLORED lady would like position as maid;
understands facial massage, shampooing and
scalp treatment; good references. Box 3170
¦ Call office. ¦ .. ¦ '
WANTED— A place as assistant in a first-class
dressmaking department. A. ROGERS. S17H
Goldrn Gate ave.
WOMAN wants position as seamstress. 1422
Turk street. ...........
WOMAN wants position as nurse. 1136 Turk
street. .
WOMAN wants position as stenographer. 1136
Turk st.
EMPLOYMENT WAITTEP — female—Con
"WANTED — A position as nursegirl. Address
box 3196. Call office.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper. Box
3137. Call office.
WANTED — Position as saleslady; good refer-
encew. Apply 213^4 Perry st.
TYPEWRITER would like position. Apply
box 3088. Call office.
GOOD cook wants position. Apply 773% Fol-
som st.
LADY warhs plain sewing. 325 Fourth street.
A YOUNG lady wants a position In an offlc*
as bookkeeper; references given. Box 8101,
Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a posi-
tion as housekeeper. Apply at 223 H Sixth st.
A SWEDISH girl. Just arrived from old coun-
try, speaks little English, wishes position as
cook in family; best references. Box 3066,
Call offica.
NEAT experienced young woman desires posi-
tion in bakery store; city or country; refer-
ence last employer. Box 3004. Call office.
POSITION as housekeeper. 41 Langton street.
FRENCH laundress: does fine waahlng at
home; open air; dry. Phone Page 1931.
WANTED— Position as lady's maid. Address
70 Ryan ave."
A GOOD, reliable woman will help with light
housework and sewing part of the day; terms
reasonable. Box 3100. Call office.
CHAMBER work destrad by refined young
lady; experienced. Box 3194. Call office.
LADY would like position addressing envel-
opes in evening. Box 8167, Call offlc*.
LADY wlehes a situation to go oat by day.
715 Howard at.
YOUNG Swedish girl would Ilk* a situation aa
cook. 2386 Bryant St., near Twenty- second.
WANTED— Laundry work or houieolsanmr by
the day. 345 Eighth it.
WOMAN wants work by th* day washing or
housecleanlng. $1 60 and car far*. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayea at.
GIRL would like a situation doing housework.
Call 719 Howard st.
TYPEWRITING done at 119-131 Mission street.
WANTED — By Canadian Protestant woman,
cooking and housework tn small family.
Call 61 Hermann at.
A COMPETENT woman wants washing or
housecleanlng by the day. Address House-
work, 143 Sixth it.
WANTED— Situation by a young girl to do
housework or mind baby. 202 Langton st.
A YOUNG lady would like to work a few hours
evenings addressing envelopes. Box 8111.
Call office.
WANTED • a few families' washing to take
home. Card or Inquire 2819 Baker st.
GERMAN-AMERICAN woman wishes situa-
tion to do cooking and assist in housework.
Box 8278. Call offlc*.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework.
Box 3326. Call office.
WANTED — To take care of Infant at home;
best of reference. Address MRS. C, 1900
. Stockton st.
POSITION in candy store. Apply 1772 How-
ard st.
•— ¦ — ' — ¦
PLAIN sewing done. Flat 1, 158 Tehama,
WANTED— By a young lady, a position as dry
goods wrapper. Box 2901. Call office.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper by an
industrious lady. Box 2939, Call offlc*.
WANTED — Position managing housekeeper!
best of reference. Box 8130, Call office.
YOUNO German girl wishes situation for gen-
eral housework. Apply 2855 Mission st.
FRENCH lady with a cihld 6 years old wishes
position in general housekeeping. Apply 784
Minna at.
FRENCH lady with % child 6 years old wishes
poeition in general housework. Apply 734
Minna st.
WANTED — Position as saleslady; experienced.
Address MISS WEST. 217 Leavenworth at.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, de-
sires position: salary moderate; beet refer-
ences. Box 3009, Call office.
"WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
_ housecleanlng. 932 Powell ct.. near Clay.
A LADY of education, refinement and tact.
thrown upon her own resources, desires u
position in office; has had experience in such
work. Box 3287. Call office.
SITUATION as governess by woman of edu-
cation and refinement. Box 8280, Call office.
WANTED— Position In a candy~store^ 841
Turk st.
LAUNDRESS wants work by th« day, waahlng
and Ironing. Call Saturday. 1123 Lagnna et.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker^ and designer,
late of New York City, desires a few more
engagements; $1 50 per day. 1264 California.
POSITION as governess to children! speaks
German and French. Box 3010. Call office.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Call at
2727 DiamoYid at.
WANTED— Position as copyist. Address MISS
RAY. Bradbury Hotel. California and Polk.
A WOMAN wants housework by the day. 60
Clementina st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress (colored) wants
washing to take home. MRS. A. MORROW,
2328 Greenwich at.
A WOMAN would like to mind a baby: $12 a
month. Apply 14 Guy place, between Ftolsom
and Harrison sts. ;
CROCHETING done to order. Flat 1. 153
Tehama st. "
WANTED — Position as waitress in country ho-
tel. Box 3151. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes a poeition In
bakery and candy store. Box 3134. Call.
A YOUNG American girl would like a place
to do housework; $15 to $20. Box 3204. Call.
WANTED — Position by girl of 17 In millinery
_store. Address box 8156. Call office.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper.' Box 3165,
Call office.
PLAIN sewing done. 153_Tehama st.
WANTED — Position to do housework; city or
country. Box 3136. Call office.
WANTED — Position as stenographer. 2101
Geary st.
A THOROUGHLY experienced young lady
stenographer and bill clerk, also accustomed
to general work, desires position. Box 3224
Call office.
POSITION as chambermaid; wages $25. Box
3225. Call office.
A TYPESETTER wishes a situation. Call 526
Montgomery St., city.
YOUNG lady wants office work. L. RING
2018 Stockton st. - .
WANTED — Position as seamstress. 612 Union
street.
WANTED — Position as wrapper. 1517 Stockton
street.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. Call at
32 Ringold st.
SITUATION wanted by young girl In small
family; city or country. Box 3235, Call office.
A STENOGRAPHER and typewriter desires
position. Box 3233, Call office.
SITUATION as housekeeper. 803 Turk st.
A- REFINED young lady wishes position as
traveling companion. Box 3232, Call office.
A YOUNG girl wishes % position as dress-
maker. Apply 1204 Folsom st. ¦¦
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
wages not less than $30 per month. Address
Box 3023, Call office.
POSITION wanted— First-class laundress in
private family. 62!) A Minna st.
GERMAN woman wants dayts work 'on Mon-
days and Saturdays. 222 Howard st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. Call at
648 Jessie at. -
A YOUNG lady wants to take care of a child
during the day. Call at 1914 Webster St.,
near Turk.
A LADY would like to do chamber work In
private lodglns-house. Address 1702 Har-
rison, st.. near Fourteenth. .
WANTED — A place as a waitress. 323 First
street. __^
COMPETENT woman wants office work for
every Friday. Address MRS. MORRIS. 33S4
Twentieth st. ?
WANTED — Neat young German girt desires
position In a private family to do light house-
work." Box 3306. Call office. ~
A COMPETENT woman desires light house-
work in a small family. Address box 1112,
. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Dressmaking: $1 day and carfare.
128 South Park, San Francisco.
WANTED— Stenographer wants position; refer-
. ences; state -salary. "ALPHA," Call office,
Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — Female-- Con
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires to do cooking
and housework for two or three adults;
small washing or chamberwork; fl5; carfare.
Phone Folsom 2US7.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 631 Jessie
street.
SWEDISH lady wishes housework and washing
by the day; like to take work at home. Call
85A Converse St.. rear.
DRESSMAKING in -families by fashionable,
dressmaker; terms $2 30; city references.
MRS. F. H. JOHNSTON, 964 Geary st.;
phone Larkln 1471.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
chambermaid. Box 32S9. Call office^
A COMPETENT woman wishes work in nic«
American family; Is a good cook. Box 326tf,
Call office.
POSITION wanted for second work. Call
Monday. 1193 Guerrero St.; wages $25.
A FRENCH middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion as working housekeeper and care of
children. Address E. T.. 1424^4' Howard st.
AT Mrs. Lambert's, 41S Powell st.; tel. Main
6332; help of all nationalities awaiting po-
sitions.
YOUNG girl desires position to assist in light
housework; wages $12 to |15. Apply et
B12U Eddy st.
NEAT young woman desires position in small
family; no windows or "washing; American
family. Box 3272. Call office.
AN Eastern woman wants cooking for small
hotel or genteel boarding-house. 423 Kearny.
A WOMAN wants work for Wednesday of
every week. Please call or address 32A
KUIlng st.. between Eleventh and Twelfth.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper;
country preferred. Box 3276. Call office.
WANTED— Position as wrapped Apply 315
Post st.
WANTED— Sewing by the day. Box 8277.
Call offlc*.
YOUNG lady wishes to address envelopes. 805
Webster st. ,
TWO reliable women want positions together:
oook and second girl; references; wages cook,
$30 to 135; second work, $25. Box 3021. Call.
WANTED — Situation as seamstress in hotel or
laundry or in any other like capacity. J. A.
box 3027. Call office.
HOUSEKEEPING by capable elderly woman:
neat, economic cook; used to the care of
children and entire work of small families;
wages $15. Box 2S71. Call office.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position, city
or country. 324 Mason st. <
WOULD like a place as chambermaid. Call at
419 Hyde St. BONGARD.
WOULD like a place as chambermaid. Call
at 419 Hyde st, MAY BAKER.
WOMAN wants mending. 820 Golden Gate
avenue.
WOMAN wants plain sewing. 720 Filbert st.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character,
wants a situation. Box 2949. Call office.
LADY wants to teach few scholars in evening.
24 Wetmore st.
WOMAN wants mending to do by the day.
2060 Bryant at.
WANTED— Place as housekeeper. Apply 2 Cen-
tral court.
FIRST-CLASS cook wlshea a position In a
private family. 2218 Hi Fillroor* et.
A LADY wishes position aa housekeeper. Box
3207. Call office.
YOUNG girl would Ilk* to do housework. Box
3206, Call office.
YOUNG woman desires situation in small fam-
ily for light housework: good plain cook; ref.
erence; carfare. Box 3208. Call offlc*.
LADY wants to do cooking only In private
family; no late meal on Sunday; no postals.
1605 Fulton st.
PLAIN sewing neatly done. Box 3338. Call
offlc*.
YOUNG lady with best city references wishes
position as chambermaid In hotel Box S32O
Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl desires situation at sec-
ond work or housework; 7 hours dally. Call
631 Bryant st.
YOUNG lady would Ilk* position to do cham-
ber work. Box 3347, Call offlc*.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 143 Dore
street.
YOUNO lady desires a position In an office;
good penman. Box 3338, Call offlc*.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework
or cleaning by the day. Apply at 327 Beale.
YOUNG lady desires a position to tend office;
good penman. Box 3329, Call office.
A GIRL wishes position, cooking and general
housework; American family; wages $30
Call Monday 3610 Mission st.
YOUNG lady would like position as chamber
maid in lodging-house. 142 Sixth st.
LADY wishes washing to take home. Box
83S1, Call office.
POSITION as working housekeeper, dty or
country. Box 3379, Call offlc*.
GIRL with references wants second work In
small family. Box 8351. Call office.
PLAIN sewing and alterations. 244 Taylor.
SEAMSTRESS — Work by the day or month.
Box 335S. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as a nurse.
Box 3356. Call office.
GIRL would like to take home sewing. Box
8357. Call office.
WOMAN wants to go out by the day, house-
work and washing. 87 Ringold plac*.
GERMAN woman wants to go out to do house -
cleaning, washing and Ironing by the day.
280 Harriet st.. In rear.
GIRL would like to do housework. Box 3390.
Call office.
-YOUNG lady would like position, bookkeeper
In grocery store. Apply 445 Eddy st.
BY capable woman, washing. Ironing house-
cleaning, cooking or sewing wanted. Ad-
dress box 1450. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — By young lady, a position as
working housekeeper; best of references. 120
Ellis st.
A GERMAN girl desires position as house-
keeper; wages $25 to $30; best references.
Box 33S0. Call office.
LADY would like to take full charge of room-
ing-house. Address box 1626. 1008 Market.
HOUSEKEEPER wishes position In widow-
er's home; good cook, manager and needle-
woman; fond of children; references. 417
Stockton st.
FAMILY sewing neatly done; $1 a day and
carfare. Address 369 First et., cor. Harrison.
POSITION in reception room, dental or phy-
sician's office In Oakland. Box 1443. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
RETOUCHING or In reception room; experi-
enced lady. Box 1447. Call office, Oakland.
NURSE wishes nursing. Address P. O. box
270. Oakland.
WOMAN wishes position requiring executive
ability. P. O. box 87. Berkeley.
WANTED — A position as working housekeeper
or nurse. Box 3322, Call office.
GERMAN lady with a child 9 years wishes
position as housekeeper; dty or country. Box
3323. Call office.
WOMAN, flrst-class cook, wants work; hotel
or restaurant. Box 3310, Call offlc*.
A UNION waitress wishes a position in a good
house. Box 3324, Call office.
COMPETENT woman would like few families
by day. to wash, cleaning or chamber work.
488 Geary St.; phone Brown 32.
WOMAN wants work by the day. <S23
Stevenson st.
A FIRST-CLASS American cook desires place;
best city references; wages $35 to $40. Box
3371. Call, office. . y
NORTH German governess, middle aged, would
like to take care of children, plain sewing,
make herself useful; city or country; refer-
ences giv«n. Address box 3372. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes sewing by the day. 33
Cedar ave.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework
1539 Turk st.
A .YOUNG lady wishes a position for light
housework. Call at. 1C9 Minna st.
WANTED — Sewing to do at home. Seam-
stress, 102 Church st.
WANTED— By a young lady, a position as
cashier; experienced.. Box &2S2. Call office.
WANTED— Room and board In private fam-
ily; reasonable. Box 8383. Call office.
EMPIiOTMISITT WANTCP — PsmaJs— Con
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few.
more engagements in private families by the
• day; terms reasonable. Box 3377. Call.
; PRINTER— Al all-around job comsositor de-
sires steady position : country place pr«-
I ferred. Uox S3»«. Call office.
, YOUNQ rirl wants lieht housework. 2O*
Dore st.
{ POSITION wanted by a lady as companion to
old lady. Address box 23S3. Call office.
| OLD lady wants a place to take care of chll
; dren. 1415 MUaioin st.
I SITUATION as nurse in Drtvate family. Box
| 335O. Call office. ,
i YOUNG lady would like a position as book-
keeper. Apply 2*2 Turk st.
YOUNG woman wants to do housework; not
! afraid of work. 217 Fourth st.
! MOTHER and son wish work: boy to do chorea
s country. Address box 3UC2. Call office.
! YOUNG married woman wants bookkeeping
Address L. C. G.. Point Richmond.
i WOMAN wants work by the day. Address
box 3J33, Call office.
j WOMAN wants housework. Address box 3334,
Call office.
> A WOMAN wishes to do plain washing or
house cleaning by the day. Call Monday. 873
I Mission st.
i GOOD, reliable, competent American woman.
; temperate and honest, good worker, wants
situation by the day, cooking, washing dishes
and sweeping; good sweeper. S27A Howard
i at., first flight.
j A YOUNG lady wishes position as waitress In
a flrst-class place. Box 3333. Call office.
A GERMAN lady dartres situation as cook.
1305 California st.
j A SALESLADY wants position In oloak and
j ault bouse. Box 3103. Call office.
I YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer.
• Address box 3142. Call office.
j A LITTLE girl wanta to do light housework
after school hours for her board. Call S47
Bryant st.
, WANTED — Work as seamstress or minding
| children in hotel. Box S130. Call office.
I A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Call at
275 Stevenson st.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Call at
| 794 Lombard st.
j COLORED woman would like work by th«
day. Apply box 316ti. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like situation for
second work. 2386 Bryant st. near 22d.
j A CONTRALTO singer wisheTan engagement;
concert or private. 2016 Howard at.
! A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Call at
"•">- Yj Natoma at.
GERMAN woman wishes few more places to
! _f ake _ wa5n j n g home. Box 3214. Call office.
1 RELIABLE German woman wants huusework
in small family: city or country: wages $23.
| Call Monday, 704 Folsom St.. near Fourth.
, WANTED— Position in first-class halrdressing
parlor. Box 3314. Call office.
1 DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, cutter
and fitter; only flrst-class work done at
j home and in private families; engagements
'. per day. MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 28
| Eighth st,
A POSITION for downstairs work and cooking
in nice family. Box S3o8. Call office.
; A YOUNG girl 3 rr.er.thj from Denmark
wishes to do light housework and care for
children. Address 32 Shotwell st. ; please
call Monday from 10 to 4.
I ' — , _ , .
¦¦ YOUNG girl wishes to do second work. Box
3317, Call office.
| WANTED— Work by the day. ~Apply at 423
¦ Brannan at.
I REFINED young lady would llk« a p!»e« to
assist in light housework or take care of
children to be as one of family; no waahlns.
MISd M. CORCORAN. 1508 Turk st.
'¦ A YOUNG woman with 6-year-old girl wants
i position; good cook or housekeeper. Box
3307. Call office.
> A YOUNG woman wishes * position aa cham-
! bermald and mind a baby or general houso-
, work in a small family; would live across
tha bay. Call 258 % Tehama st.
i WANTED — WORK by the day. houso cleaning
or washing. Address US Hayes St.
MANICURIST wants a Dosttlon. Address R,
j K.. 22C0 Leavenworth st.
GIRL wishes position to take car* of chil-
dren. Apply 132 Perry st.
RKLIABLB young married woman wanta ta
do cooking. Apply 7 Lilac ave.
| A WOMAN wants work by the day. washing,
: lrroning and hous? cleaning; $1 t'O a day.
. Bex 3343. Call ofrice.
. WANTED — Position as housekeeper. Box fT?\
Call office.
, WANTED — Position as saleslady: good refer-
ences. Apply 1218 Twelfth ave.. South S- F.
| A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a few
! more customers at home; good work and
i reasonable srices. S47 Myrtle are.; phona
' Scot* 005.
A WOMAN wants work by th* dart 11 84 day.
from 8 to 8: or $1. from, 8 to 1 p. m. Can
3 days. 737 & Howard tt.
POSITION wanted as corvr.aiir. Boa 8301.
Call office.
YOUNG man and wife want ooaltlons: maa
experienced coachman, do gardenlnc If re-
quired: wife a good cook or second work.
Box 3234. Call office.
EXPERT stenographer, accurate typist, de-
sires permanent employment. Box 3234, CsJL
A STRONG young woman wishes house and
! window cleaning. 20H Pass st.
' SITUATION wanted by a competent aeam-
stress and hairdresser ma maid during th*
day. Address C. G.. 1730 Howard st.
A LADY wishes a position a* a housekeeper.
Call at 43 Army at.
YOUNG (Ctrl wants acond work In boarding-
house; state wagea. Box 3211, Call office.
COOK wants job. 418 Jessie St.
i COMPETENT woman wants work by th» day:
II 50. ' 37 Rltch st.
! A COOK wants position. Address box 3145.
Call office.
GIRL wishes to do housework tn a small
family. Call 1210 Stevenson st.
; YOUNO lady desires housework. 610 Natorni
street.
i POSITION wanted aa chambermaid. Box 3255.
Call office.
WANTED— By refined young woman, position
! as working housekeeper, invalid's nurse or
any position of trust; best references. Box
32S7, Call office.
! WASH woman wants work. 32B Langton st.
i YOUNG girl wishes to take care baby. Apply
: 63 Clementina St.. mornings.
I WANTETJ— Plain sewing by the day. MBS.
M.. 1658 Polk st.
! WOMAN wants work as waitress. Bex 3237.
Call office.
i WANTED — A position aa seamstress. Box
: 3258. Call office.
< A RELIABLE young married woman wanta
to work by the day. Apply 7 Lilac ave.
i A WOMAN would like to do light housework.
3136 Pierce st.
j
! NEAT young girl desires situation to assist
in light hotmework and care for children;
; wages 815. Call Monday. 274 Hartford at.
' AN experienced German girl, best references,
desires position as nurse to care for chil-
dren; country preferred: city or Oakland.
Box 1443. Call office. Oakland.
I ARTISTIC dressmaker woold like engagement
! by the day: $1 60: dresses altered: perfect
! fit guaranteed. Box 2888. Call offlc*.
• WANTED — By a competent woman to do gen-
eral housework: a good cook. Apply at
803>i Washington st.. room 3, Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes position In a dentist's or
, doctor's office. Apply 2207 Telegraph are..
Berkeley.
TWO Finland girls want place for housework
and plain cooking. 3291a Third st.
j BY flrst-class waitress. Inquire 333 First
street *
| WANTED — Position as housekeeper. 1*21'
j Chapln St.. Alameda, '
WANTED — Situation as governess or nurse-
girl. 1777 Seventh St.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, with own ma-
chine, desires position; salary $40. Box 2940,
Call office. . ..
For Additional Classified AdverUsve-
ments See Pag« Forty-Si*,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1901.
46
C_~'I.O'~-tC?rT WAgTSn — Female—Con
A FIRET-dfASS»COOk wants a situation in
private- family: best of references. Address
MISS CARL6OX. 4."'> Elizabeth Ft.
AN experifwed typewriter sn<I stenographer
desire* position; general office work, oollect-
inp. •>t<-. ; .<:<> a \\<**Y. Box 2CSC. Call office.
COMFCTJJX7 woman desires position a» house-
keeper, rooming or bcarUinc house. Box
-083. Call clflc.
EXPERIENCED Kenosrapher de«ires work to
*uo at hone; snSmeograph tpecSalty. Box H24.
Call orflcej
A TRAINED Bars* will jrive massage at your
home by the month. P.ox 2637, Call office.
COMriTENT woman want's wcrk by the day.
washinp ;:nil ttt—lag. S50 Fols<-m Et. •
TYPEWRITING of any kind. Hocm OH. 70S
Market st. '
ADVERTISEMENT?, subscription* received at
Call Pran<*h otSce.eor. Duncan and Church st«.
WANT ads and • uli^criptlons taken for The
Call »t Faton'K Bazaar. «n?. MrAIUrter «t.
_MP_OYMEITT WAK TED--M AI.~
A NEAT young nan wants a position in a
well-known prtntfns offloe: can iurmsn rei-
frc-acrt. Bex -CM. O*!l olflce.
CLOTHING ttV % " *¦»¦«¦ waine position. G.
CH K.STUK. care cf TCP MarEet st.
CO_rXTL'NT l.ookkee;xr wishes position. Box
2CS0. Call office. ':.- ". -¦;-
WANTED— Position as stock clerk. Box 267S,
Call oifice.
BOY wmnts ruction as plumber's helper. Box
2t40. Call cfflc*.
POSITION wanted as a barb*r. Bex 2679,
C&U oJfice. '
POSITION war.tcd as 1 barber. Box 2637,
C&2! office.
EXFERIEN'CIiD stenographer and office assist-
ant ccsires a position; references. 1B2S Web- '
eter st. j
WAJCTED — Sit-jation as cook; best of refer-
ences. Bex i'<.l», Cai! office.
¦ ¦ — ¦ — ¦ i
CAKE Laker, stltinfi hand, wants work. Ad- j
<ires« 11.. 15<W Church st. j
I'U.'MELR wiiTits work; references. J. Wll*-
COX, 111! liarr:£o:i sst. j
POSTSION noted as bartender. Address box '
Utra. Ciii office. ' j
CIGAK i-lTk wants position; references. W. |
HOWTLU SO OTFrnireU «— |
BOOK KKKP::K with evrfiir.ps at disposal de- ;
sire* clerical work of nuy kind. Address box I
2UaS. CaU office. I
GOOD teamster wants work in city. 7S5 How-
ard fct.
GOOD naif stenographer wants position. Rem-
lagton typewriter. Address box 2611. Call.
A TEAMSTER *ar.ts steady work. 247 Clara, i
A YOL'NG man war.ts a position in a. whole- 1
sale house; best references. Box 2621. Call, j
BOY Brants job as elevator operator. 12S6 j
Broadway. j
KJKST-CLASS driver warts place. A. B., box
itflO. CaU office. J
BOOKKEi:i'KH wants position; good refer- j
ences. tSSl Geary st.
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk. 750 ;
Fulton »t j
HAT siJt-srr.an wants position. F. E. MCL-
_ER, 11S0 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Position for evenings, hours 7 to
12, Ly reliable men. Uox -"-*57. Call office.
POSITION as bellboy. Box 2958, Call office.
HOY war.ts to learn machinist trade. Box
f.t:i6. Call office.
COOK withes a situation in small restaurant.
1525 Powell tt.
ELEX-TKICIAN war.ts jposltlon; references. F.
LEWIS. VZiO Geary et.
WANTED — Potion a<= stock clerk. Address
A. W. L.. ZCb Montgomery et.
SALESMAN withes position. 27 Isls st.
TAILOR war.ts job. 315 Everett St.
YOUNG man wants position in country store.
Box 2641. Cail.
HONEST man wants situation ss night watch-
maji or porter; hotel or lodging-house. Ad-
drtss Honest, box 2GO9. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a German as porter In
wholesale houfe. Address M. SCHIPPMANN'.
231 Minna tt.
RELIABLE traveling salesman desires position
with house of good standing. Box 2956. CaU.
WANTED by young: man, position in wholesale
house. C7j Day et.
EHOE salesman wants position. ED SAMP-
TER. 20 O'FarreU st., room 25.
MAN wants position. Apply 2200 Mission st.
BOY of 14 wart* position in wholesale house.
Address 045 Flllmore Et.
SITUATION wanted by German all-round cook.
Address 108 First st.
BOY wants position in box factory. Box
2859. CaU.
WANTED— Petition as stenographer in coun-
try. Box 2791. CaU.
WANTED— Position as collector. Box 2969.
Call office.
POt-ITION^ al errand boy! Box 2638. Call
tffice.
COMPETENT arid experienced bookkeeper is
. open to an engagement ; can furnish best of
references, box 2frO6. CaU office.
COMPETENT bartender wants position with
flTfet-elasf house. Box 29<J0. Call office.
WANTED — Position as collector. Box 2961.
Call effice.
TAILOR waats job. 1171 Mirslon st.
BOOTBLACK wants job. 317 Stevenson St.
YOUNG man desires a position as Janitor.
Address box 2047. Call office.
BARTENDER wants position. 810 Ellis et.
TAILOR wants position. Box 2649. Call efflce.
A SALESMAN wishel rwsition In reliable
house. Astif 264 Third St.. city.
SITUATION wanted by young man; electrical
works; <d months' previous experience. Box
2052. Cail office.
BOY wishes position to run errands Box
2C5<. Call office.
W/KTED-A poeitlon as clerk. L. GRANT.
4(t> Eddy st.
AD VE RT1SING- solicitor wishes position. Box
2€K>, Call effice.
rJELIVETJY driver wants position. H. CUR-
F-A.V. i'MVi Fourteenth st.
G 5^» RAL machinist wants position, iox
~<3C-. Call office.
POSITION want»d j n a wholesale house as
porter. Bex 2O2. Call office.
V «H XG J " 6n w!sJ:es Position as porter. Box
26SS. Ca.ll office.
fOUKO man wants poritlon as porter. Box
26&<5. CaU office.
VTAJVTED — Position tut jeweler. Box "701
Call office.
MAN war.ts Job at carpentering. Box 26S4
Call office. • '
POSITION as errar.d boy. 349A Tehama et.
WANTED— Position as candy maker Box
26»i7, Call Offlo*. '
EOY would like to learn plumber's trade
WILLIE CONNOLLY. 260 Natorea st.
COOK wants work by the week. Metropolitan
Hotel, roora 637.
W ANTED— Position as clothing salesman. Ad-
<Jreis box 2635. Call office.
POSXTXOM en interior journal as ad setter and
rtor* man; Fanta Cruz or Banta Rosa pre-
ffrrr«-«1. B»x L'OW. Call office.
WANTED— Job as day janitor. Box 2364, CaU
P1 BS fc gcSg g crn b^!K! PCr '° dr >-E°<*» house.
WANTED— Employment as Ealesman Anniv
KOBERT CHKIST1K. So Post S: P *
SITUATION wanted as bartender: city or
<-ountry. 1". U . rootn 7. 1S3»4 Third Ft.
WANTED — Position as r.st-ht clerk- best of
HtteT n T?lnl'^ <!rMU ' KN * 1OHT - Metropolitan
fclTUATION wanted " m bartender! Address
H.. room 9. lSSfr Third Et. -»uo~ss
F ' H .T )1 Lr l " rk w * nt " !*«»<•"». !•:. PAMPTEH.
20 O FarrHi «t., room 25.
LUNCH waifr ytmi work. 216 Third sL
EXPERT bookk»*p*T wants position: refer-
•act*. Box CTOq, Call of fit*. l *"" uoa ' roff
! _atPI.OYTg_H— ' WAITTEP— Male— Con.
I YOUNG man wants Job in a wholesale house.
915>2 Filbert st.
FIRST-CLASS cloak cutter wishes position;
from New York. Apply Bex 26S8. Call.
WANTED — Position as night watchman. Box
2091. Call office. ;
I WASTED — Position as drue clerk: best of_ ref-
i erenceE. Address EDWARD. Station K. ¦
' POSITION wanted by a middle-aged man as
I night watchman; 10 years with Market-street
, Railroad Company. Address B. HESS CMC
I of Chutes Company. Tenth jLV^_and_tulton.
J YOl'NG inan. 21 years, wishes position In ci-
, gar store. Address 217 Elm ave.
: FIRST-CLASS non-union waiter wishes situa-
\ tion or in any other like capacity; reason-
; ab!e wages expected. Box 2SS7. Call office.
BRIGHT boy. 14 years, wants work. Apply
017 Birch ave.
WANTED— A position as porter in saloon. Ad-
dress T. N., 26 Fourth Et.
MECHANICAL, engineer and draughtsman,
cood designer and detailer. wants work at
home. Box 2632, Call office.
WANTED— By a steady young man, work-in
evening as janitor. Uox 26U0. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS janitor wants place in office
building. Address box 2«29. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires a position as
watchman. Address box 262S. Call office.
POSITION wanted as mechanical engineer.
Address box 295S. Call office.
WANTED — By married man. position as ship-
ping clerk, willing, handy; best city refer-
ences. Box 2608, Call office.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wishes short day
work. Box 2962. Call office.
BOY 15 years old would like work In a print-
ins office; can furnish references. Box
2963, Call office.
POSITION as night watchman for elderly
gentleman. Box 2065. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to carry morning paper
route. S. BULLOCK, 637 Webster st.
ENGINEER wishes position steam, gas or
electrical. Box 2964. Call office.
WANTED — Position as teamster. Box 2623,
_Call office.
STRONG young man. speaJts different lan-
guages, desires 6teady situation; salary no
object; not afraid of hard work. Address
box 2SS6. Call office.
BOY would like position In drug store. Apply
box 2636. Call office.
YOL'NG man wants work as second gardener
or In nursery. Box 2635. Call office.
BOY would like position in drug store. Box
-722. Call office.
POSITION wanted as ealesman. Box 2717,
Call office.
WANTED — Position as bartender; references.
Box 271(5. CaU office.
ELEVATOR boy, 5 years' experience; best of
references. Box 2714. Call office.
WANTED — Light employment of any kind.
Apply ROBERT CHRISTIE. 30 Pc*t St.
POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 2710.
Call office.
A POSITION wanted as bartender. Box 2SS3,
Call office. /
COMPETENT manager-salesman or clerk
wishes position in liquor or other buelness.
Box 2SS2. Call office.
BUTCHER (22) wants situation for shop and
wagon. Box 2709. Call office.
OFFICE boy wants position. S. CHESTER,
M7 Eddy st.
BY young man (24), in gents' furnishing store;
2 years' experience; moderate salary. Box
2711. Call office.
A BOY wants a position In a printing office;
is well recommended. Box 2G75, CaU office.
SITUATION as bell or elevator boy; had ex-
perier.ee in both. Box 2673. Call office.
BARBER wishes position. Barber, 1014 Clay
street.
BOY would like to get a position in store.
Box 2057. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants evening
work; best references. Box 2719, Call office.
POSITION wanted as porter in hotel or sa-
loon in city or county. Address box 3043.
Call office.
ELEVATOR boy wants work. 119 Filbert
street.
YOUNG man would like position in wholesale
house; strong, willing to work; experienced.
Box S03S, Call office.
' A YOUNG man would like a few hours' work
in afternoon from 4:30 to 7 p. m. Box 3039,
Call office.
1 WANTED — Position as errand boy. Box 3041,
Call office.
1 YOUNG man would like to get morning paper
route; any part of city. Box 3056, CaU.
YOUNG man would like to get few hours'
work in the forenoon. Box 3057, Call.
YOUNG man would like to teach fancy danc-
ing. Apply E. R.. 373 Jones Bt.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. 805%
Howard st.
WANTED — To carry paper route. Box 3054,
j Call office.
WANTED — Porters, work in barber shop. Ad-
dress 5 Mason st.
YOUNG man. five years' experience, wants po-
sition as hardware clerk. Address 222 Ma-
eon et.
POSITION as coachman. Box 3052, CaU of-
flca.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position as but-
ler; can give best references. Box 3051, Call
BUTLER wishes a position,' city or country;
has first-class references. Box 2708, Call.
WAITER wants a Job. 463 Third st.
A — PRINTER wants position; linotype opera*
tor. Box 3180. Call office.
TINNER wants position.
TAILOR wants Job. 132 Minna Bt.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; best of
references. Address 440 Natoma »_
BARKEEPER wants situation. 88 Ninth nt.
BOOTBLACK wishes situation. Apply 233 Sec-
. end st.
i
I PLUMMER wants position. Box 8086. Call
office.
MALE cook wants work. 165 Tehama et.
POSITION wanted as porter. Box 3084, Call
office .
WANTED — Position as burnisher on Jewelry.
! F. B-, 15314 Third st.
POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 3085, Call
office.
BUTCHER (21) wants position; shop and
wagon; good worker. Box 3046, Call office.
A YOUNG man would like to get some hon-
est work of any kind. Box 3044, Call office.
WANTED — A position as butcher in a hotel.
Box 2003. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as assistant book-
keeper. Box 3002, Call office.
ELDERLY gent wants position as night
watchman. Box 3001. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as errand boy. E. R.,
312 Tehama st.
WANTED — Situation as office boy. O. R.,
312 Tehama et.
WANTED — Poslton as embalmer; No. 1 refer-
ences. Call or address 865 Elizabeth Et.
WANTED — Position as porter; saloon pre-
ferred. Box 312L Call office.
SALESMAN — Clerk wishes a steady position
with wholesale house. Box 8181, Call office.
POSITION as watchman. MR. ANGELO,
1622V4 Powell st.
BOY wants Job driving team. Box 3182. Call.
FIRST-CLASS lunch counter man wants ¦'ob.
H. B.. box 2897, Call office. "
POSITION wanted as \ elevator boy. Box
2718, Call office.
WANTED — Place as watchman on Sunday;
best of references. Address box 2724, Call.
WANTED — Situation as salesman for grocery
houec. Box '2723, Call . office.
BOY would like a position to tend cigar store.
Box 2S94, Call office. •
POSITION wanted ss salesman; dry goods.
Box 2732, Call offlce.
POSIT1ON wanted aa electrician. Box 2733,
Call office.
A* BOY wishes office work; age 17. Address
box 2806. Call offlca.
EMPLOYMENT WA1TT— P — Male — Con.
"WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 272S,
Call office. ¦
BARTENDER wants work. 30 Farren ave.
YOUNG man wishes DOsition tending bar: 5
years' experience and a good mixologist. Ad-
dres--s box i.'727. Call office.
AGENT wishes position; excellent references.
Box 2001, Call office.
HUSTLING traveler wishes position; excellent
references. Box L'660, Call office.
EXPERIENCED younc man wants position;
clerk in cigar-store; best references. Addresl
HUUBARD, COC Jones St.
LAW student desires position as collector. Box
•JW4, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position. Box 2663. Call
office.
CARPENTER wants work. H. C. 8CHULTZ.
o0 Karren ave.
YOUNG roan wants a position as nlsht ele-
vator man in noine office building; can Rive
references. Box 2915. Call office.
WANTED — Position as stenographer; 5 years'
experience. Address box 2752, Call office.
A YOUNG man would like position as clerk.
Address box 2S90, Call office.
WANTED — Position, shipping clerk or packer,
wholesale house; best references. Box 2889,
Cail office. _
A THOROUGHLY competent and experienced
bookkeeper desires work to do evenings on
books or copying; gentleman. Box 2S91. Call.
BOY wants work after school. 917 Dolores st.
BOY living at home wants work as errand
boy or in office; references. Address box
2U21, Call office.
BOY wishes position as errand boy. Apply
637 Eddy st.
POSITION as collector. 1929 Mason St., O>
RICH JERL
ELDERLY man wants position as night watch-
man. Box 2925. Call offloe.
WANTED — Position as bartender. Apply 825
Ellis st. (Sunday). 4
BOY wants to work around a store. Box 2749,
Call office.
WANTED — Copying at home. Address box
2924. Call office.
WANTED — Position as elevator conductor.
Box 2625. Call office..
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation. Call 644
Mission St., J. H. JOHNSON.
POSITION in wholesale house; good references.
Box 2878, Call office.
WANTED — Position as clothing salesman. J.
CHESTER, 753 Market St.
A GERMAN gardener about 30 years old. with
good references, wishes situation. T., 317
Stockton st. » ¦
SITUATION wanted by a maohlnlstj best
references. Box 2754. Call offloe.
MAN wishes odd Jobs gardening. Box 2920,
Call office.
CARPENTER wishes Job work. Box 2903, Call
office.
WANTED — A position as clerk In store. Ap-
ply A. D. WILLIAMS., 639 Golden Gate ave.
A MAN to carry morning and evening paper
route. Box 305S. Call office.
WANTED— Job as elevator boy. Box 3048,
Call office. -¦;:¦. w'-v^v
BOY wants place in hardware store Saturday,
box 3049. Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes position as groom; is
thorough horseman. Box 3055. Call office.
WANTED — A position as shoemaker. 1504 San-
chez st.
WANTED — To wait In a restaurant. 2 Twenty-
ninth st.
POSITION wanted as a barber. 89 Third Bt
A YOUNG married man wishes a steady po-
sition in day time; no laundry work. Box
274S. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young married man.
Box 2747, Call office.
WANTED— Position by young man aa
draughtsman. Apply C. C, 1525 R st.
WORKINGMEN. sober, all alone, looking for
steady work and good home In the country.
Box 2746. Call office.
BOY wants work of any kind. 4% Morrell et.
STRONG young man, 20 years of age, wishes
position of any kind in wholesale house;
best of references. Box SOSO, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position to drive
wagon. Box 2739, Call office.
MINER wishes position in gold fields; Nevada;
experienced. Addrees box o036. Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper trams small sets of
books to keep. Box 3067. Call office.
A YOUNG boy wfshes a position as cash boy.
Box 30CS. Call office. »
A YOUNG boy wishes a position as errand
boy. Address box 3069, Call office.
WANTED — A set of books to keep evenings.
Box 3109. Call office.
A GOOD barber wishes position. Apply 1532
Eddy et.
A CHINESE, first-class cook, or baker, wants
position in hotel. H. W., 733 Commercial st.
POSITION as pressman. Box 3116. Call of-
fice.
WANT position as bookkeeper. 809 Taylor
6treet.
WANTED— Position as office clerk. Box 3006,
Call office.
YOUNG Swede wants position as cellar man.
1014 Geary st.
YOUNG man would like position as book-
keeper. Box 3126, Call office.
WANTED — A position as night watchman. Box
3125. Call office.
BY reliable. Intelligent man, 37 years old,
evening or night work; good salesman and
mechanic. P. O. box 109. Frultvale.
POSITION wanted as porter: Address J. B.,
520 Bush at.
EXPERT bookkeet>er —ants a position: ref-
erences. Box 3115, Call office.
PORTER and houseman ; first -class. Box 3128,
Call office.
STEADY young man would like work of any
kind for a few hours In the evenings. Ad-
dress box 3104, Call office.
YOUNG man (23) wishes a position as col-
lector. Address box 3004, Call office.
BARBER with 6 months' experience- wants
work to finish trade. Address J. NBWDOR-
FER. 76 Harriet st.
YOUNG man wants a position to drive deliv-
ery wagon. Box 2736, Call office.
BOY wants work In store. II Ninth st.
A YOUNG man wanta work In the evenings.
Box 3112. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, well acquainted In wholesale
and retail liquor and wine business, wishes
to get position. Address box 3095, Call.
BOY would like to learn the plumbing trade.
Address box 3000, Call office.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper, has couple of hours'
6pare time each day; desires any kind of
clerical work; references. Box 3091, Call.
WANTED— A place as cash boy. 554 Ver-
mont st.
YOUNG man wanta a situation as office boy.
Box 3178. Call office.
CARPENTER wants work by the Job; first-
class non-union. Box 2744, Call office.
COMPETENT book agent wants position. Box
2745. Call office. : _ : V-
FLOORWALKER, with six years' experience
in city; best of references. Box 2743.. Call.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants situation. Box
2741, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position as team-
ster. . Box 2740. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as engineer. . 14 , Le Roy
street.
YOUNG man wants to learn plumbing trade
013 Filbert st.
PACKER and stockman In glass and furni-
ture warehouse. 1004 Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED, successful specialty salesman
wants • sole ; sales' right for high-grade ar-
ticle or line for city and ¦ surrounding coun-
try. Box 3072, Call office.
EMPLOTMEWT WANTED — Male— Con.
WANTED — Position in Rrocery: ten years In
business In the East. Uox 2734, Call office.
POSITION wanted by young man to learn
civil enslneerinB. C. W. F. M., 744 Howard.
WANTED— Position as butler: best of refer-
ences. Address KNIGHT, Metropolitan Ho-
tel. ,
ELDERLY carpenter wants work finishing- on
rough; city or country; reasonable wages.
Box 3074. Call office.
WANTED— Position as collector. Box 3075,
Call office.
ELECTRICIAN wtehes position; best refer-
ences. Box 3079. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as teamster. Box
30C2. Call offlo.
BOY wishes position In office. Address 2329,
Market st.
BOY wants work in store to learn trade after
school. JOHN WHITE. 1116 Pierce st. !
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work; will go to country. Box 3061,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as delivery
wagon driver. 117 Jonea st.
YOUNG man. 17, wants position in electrical
establishment. 2813 Twenty- fourth et.
GROCER. German. Id years' experience, wants
«f°? d . steady position; wholesale or retail.
CRAMER. 415 Fifth st
A COLORED boy. 16 years of age, wishes a
position as porter. 16 Sherwood st.
B ?J« want " to *° errands for wholesale house.
1213 Union st.
YOUNG man with experience wishes position
as barkeeper; reference; phone Larkfn 3986.
Box 3200, Call office.
YOUNG man wants to get position as French
cook. 345 Filbert st.
DRUG salesman wants position. _. T. MAT-
ER, 2415 Paclflo ave.
WANTED— A position as & teamster. Box
3108. Call office.
BOY want* Doeltlon as apprentice In offloe.
1422 Turk st.
POSITION wanted as barkeeper: best «f ref-
erences. Address box 3081. Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced Janitor; first-
class city references; married man; age 37.
Address box 3082, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a position In wholesale
house. Afldreas 1113 Harrison st.
A YOUNG man would like & few hours' work
in afternoon, from 4 p. m. to 7 p. m. Box
8110, Call office.
YOUNG smart German bojr wants position.
271A Clementina st.
A NEAT young man, speaks Spanish, Italian
and English, wants position as a clerk. Box
800tf. Call office. *<
STRONG boy wishes position in butcher shop;
10 years' experience. Address box 3102. CalL
YOUNG man wishes work as helper In machine
shop. Address box 8098, Call office.
GOOD all-around laborer would like work of
any kind. Address box 3009, Call office.
A STEADY, sober, young man wants position
as assistant shipping clerk in wholesale
house. Box 3100. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work in nursery, where he
can learn all about plants. Box 3089, Call.
REGISTERED druggist wants position at once:
references. Box 3177. Call office.
TWO first-clans laundresses wants position to-
gether. Box 3114. Call office.
WATCHMAKER, Jeweler and engraver wishes
position in jewelry store. Box 3113, Call.
YOUNG man would like a position to run aa
elevator. Box 3093, Call office.
YOUNG man would Ilka a position In whole-
sale house. Box 3004, Call office.
YOUNG man, with best of references, wants
employment In office, store or outside; speaks
German and English; perfect typewriter;
willing to do any kind of work; moderate
salary. Box 3192, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waiter would like a place in
private family. Call 26 New Montgomery st.
BOY wants work after school. 1416 Valencia
street.
WANTED— Position by young man as solicitor
for good firm. Address box 3125, Call office.
BARBER wanls position. 783 Mission street.
WANTED — Situation as engineer; best of refer-
ences. Apply 111 Thirteenth st.
YOUNG man wants situation ¦ as traveling
salesman. Address box 3005, Call office.
EXPERIENCED cabinet-maker would like slt-
utlon. Call 253 Fell et.
WANTED — Position as stenographer; first-
class references. Apply 2815 Howard st.
YOUNG man would like to learn Jewelry busl-
nesa. Apply 15S6 Market Bt.
ALL-AROUND man, carpenter, desires a place
as llnlshed hand. Address box 2919, Call.
YOUNG man wants work as carpenter. Ad-
dress box 3063. Call office.
YOUNG man would like to do Inside work in
morning and evening, 4 or 5 hours in a day.
Box 3107. Call office.
YOUNG Chinese boy wants to do housework.
715 Dupont st.
WANTED- Situation as marine oiler. Box
31S7, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as fireman; marine pre-
ferred. Box 3161. Call office.
POSITION wanted as office' boy. Box 3169,
Call office.
YOUNG man would like a few hours' work In
cigar stand In morning. Box 3168, Call. ,
CARPENTER wanted; rough; no tools; state
wages -wanted. Box 3147. Call office.
WANTED — A Dositlon as errand boy. Box
:»157. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS engineer wants employment;
good references. Box 3188, Call office.
A BRIGHT elevator boy wants position. Ad-
dress 117 Eddy art.
MECHANICAL engineer, inventive ability,
wants Dositlon with manufacturing com-
pany; prepared to make light metal special-
ties. Box 3019, Call office.
— — — - — — - — i
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detail, 16 years' experience, wants work
at home. Box 3034, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman. 18 years' experi-
ence, wants work at home. Box 3035, Call.
WANTED— A position as barkeeper. Address
1S04 Oak nt.
YOUNG man wants employment as porter. 435
Golden Gate ave.
SITUATION wanted by first-class man about
private place. Box 3173. Call office.
HANDY man around private place; honest and
sober. Address box 3037. Call office.
WANTED — Expert stenographer desires posl-
• tlon. Box 3106. Call office.
POSITION as Janitor. Apply CHARLES DA-
VIS, 1008% Market st.
GOOD barber wants position in country. 623
Clay st.
WANTED — Position as errand boy! 145 Thir-
teenth Bt.
YOUNG man, handy with tools, wants posl-
tlon. Box 3373, Call office. .
WANTED— Situation by young gentleman; ref-
erences. Address box 3227. Call offlctf.
BARBER wants work Saturday and Sunday.
126 Fifth st. - ,
YOUNG man. sllrbt experience, desires • posi-
tion In wood-working factory; country pre-
ferred. Address 840A Howard st.
AN experienced labeler wants day or piece
work. 30% Page st. -
SITUATION as barkeeper; references. Box
322G, Call office.
WANTED — Work by a first-class paperhanger
and tinter. Address box 3331, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation aa collector. Ad-
dress 532 Ellis at.
AN experienced drug clerk wants position.
A BOY wants position as stock boy. Box 3375
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, several years' experience.
wants books to keep at night. Box 3339, Call.
SITUATION wanted by male stenographer. 405
. Thirtieth Bt.
JANITOR wants a > position : in city. J
MEYERS, 805 Folsom st. _ " \
BLACKSMITH'S helper wants . position In
country. G. BLOOM. 547 Howard st. .-»
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-MALE-Con.
WANTED — Position as cashier by young man;
bond given. Box 5386. Call office.
GARDENER wishes a situation; good refer-
ences furnished. Box 3387, Call office.
BOY wants a position In office. Box 3349. Call
office.
SITUATION wanted as porter. 129 Minna st..
San Francisco, Cal.
COACHMAN; capable, reliable man, seeks po-
sltlon; first-class referencest Box 3348. Call.
JAPANESE nk« boy wants a position a«
zchoolboy: understands cooking; wages $2 up
a week. Box 3367, Call office.
SHOEMAKER wants work. 212 Filbert st.
A GOOD varnlsher and polisher on pianos
wants work; walnut and black planoa can
be made mahogany for $25. Box 3369, Call
office. >
SITUATION as a stableman. 1007 Tehama st.
BOY wants work after school hours and Satur-
days. 1206 Golden Gate ave.
BOOTBLACK wishes situation. Address 756
Market st.
POSITION as watchman. A. B., 11S5 Market
street.
BOY attending art school would work for room,
board and small pay. P. O. box 87, Berkeley.
SITUATION as night watchman wanted. Box
3313. Call office.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position as
waiter on table; wages $30 a month. 1617
Geary St.; tel. West 97.
A YOUNG Japanese honest boy wanls position
to do general housework In small family.
Address Y. MINAMI. 418A Poet St.
A YOUNG Japanese boy, gentle and honest.
wants position as waiter on table or bellboy
in hotel; speaks English frsely. G. Y. ITOU.
712 Sutter St.. city.
PLACE in cigar store. Box 8347, Call of fie*.
WANTED— Position as salesman; dry goods.
Box 3346. CaU office.
WANTED — Position as lunch man; references.
W. W. PrXQN. 218 Fourth st.
YOUNG- boy, speaks German fluently, wishes
position. 12 Eureka Et.
BY German gardener experienced and reo-
ommended; on private place as first man or
alone. Box 3288, Call office.
POSITION as driver for header wagon. 841
Kearny; call between 11 and 1 o'clock.
JAPANESE, fine family cook; $35 up. HEN-
LY. 2316 California st.
YOUNG man of 25 wants work In grocery or
as collector. Address box 1627, 1008 Market.
WANTED — A position aa elevator boy. Box
1628. 1008 Market st.
WANTED — Position running an elevator. Box
1155 Call office.
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want posi-
tions In hotel, boarding-house or camp, city
or country. Address M. E. E., box 8312, Call.
WANTED— A Job as a -tableman. FRED
KERPART. 447% Jeasle St.
MAN wants Job as porter. Address box 8281,
Call office.
YOUNO man wants porter work. 289 Fell et.
YOUNG man wants situation aa carpenter.
Address box 3282. Call office.
WORK by carpenter (non-union); will go to
country. 046 Mission st.
YOUNG man wants to learn the plumbing
trade. 913 Filbert st.
WANTED — Situation as bookkeeper. Box
__3283. Calljsfflce; .
WANTED — Situation as cashboy. Address
"Cashboy." 227 Taylor st.. room 9.
WANTED— Position as driver of light wagon.
Address 344 Kearny st.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper; Al refer-
ence. Box S273. Call office.
YOUNG man having 4 or 6 hours evenings
desires work of any kind. Address box 3304,
Call office.
POSITION wanted by young man to handle
team of horses. Box 3275,_CaIl office.
COOKS, waiters, coachmen, gardeners, farm-
ers and laborers we have on hand looking
for work. J. F. CROSETT St CO.. 623 Sac-
ramento st.
BOY wants to learn the watchmaking trade.
13 7*hlrd «t. '
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy or by half day; In city or country. T.
UYENO. 424 Geary st. ;
GROCERY clerk wants position. 1419 Scott
street^
A BOY with references wants any kind of
work or to learn a trade. Address box 3154,
Call office.
POSITION as gardener. Box 8152, Call
_office J
WANTED — Elevator Job; experienced. Box
3149. Call office.
POSITION as elevator boy. Apply 601 Mission
street.
WANTED — Wrapping Job In wholesale house.
Box 3148.. Call office.
A YOUNG man wants position as bookkeeper.
245 Ellis st.
WANTED — Position as a porter. Box 3160,
Call office.
YOUNG man wants poeitlon as stenographer in
wholesale house. Box 3018. Call office.
POSITION as elevator man by young man with
experience. Address box 3022, Call office.
YOUNG man, 5 years' experience In general
merchandise; capable and Industrious; coun-
try no objection; good reference. Box 2756,
Call office.
A STEADY young man. 18, wants position of
any kind; best references. Box 3135, Call.
WANTED by a steady young man, work of
any kind. Box 66, Call.
ELEVATOR operator wishes position. Box
3139, Call office.
A BOY, aged 18. wants to learn a trade; cigar
making preferred. Address box 3140. Call.
CARPENTER wants a Job. Address box 8292,
Call office.
POSITION as candy maker In retail estab-
lishment. Box 3267, Call office.
WANTED— Boy of 16 wants position in whole-
sale toy store. Address box 3768, Call.
PAINTER, has all tools, will work very reas-
onable. Address PAINTER. 409 Turk St.;
phone Hyde 1106.
WANTED— Position as bartender. Address
308 Sutter st. .
WANTED, by young man, position as col-
lector. Box 3270, Call office.
WANTED — Position as barkeeper by reliable
young man ; references. Box ' 3269, . CalL
BOY wants work in store. 11 Ninth st.
A MARRIED man wants any kind of work.
2227% Mission.
A CAKE baker wants position. 2227% Mis-
sion.
BOY, 16 years old. wishes poeitlon In bakery
to learn trade. Box 3361. Call.
EXPERIENCED bartender; good references.
Box 3319, Call.
YOUNG man, now taking course bookkeep-
ing, wishes position as assistant. D. S., 539
Hayes st.
YOUNG man wants situation as coachman.
Box 3360. Call.
MAN and wife want situation; man. farm and
carpenter work; woman, general housework.
Box 3303. Call.
WANTED — Position as collector ¦ or outside
salesman; exp.; good ref. Box 3238. Call.
SITUATION wanted by steady young man as
dishwasher. Box 8209. Call.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced man to
work In grocery. Box 3208. Call.
SITUATION wanted as teamster. 138A Minna
street.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Ad-
dress H. A.. 405 Gough st.
A YOUNG man wants position as gardener.
Address box 3146. Call office.
CLERK t wants position. Address . box 3144,
Call office. ¦¦
YOUNG man wants position as clerk. Ad-
dress box 3143. Call office. _^^
STRONG boy wants work: $9 a week; good
j references. Bor 315S. Call office.
ADVERTISING man wants position. Ad-
dress 711 Market st.
YOUNG man to learn diamond setting. Ad-
dress box 3164. Call office. ¦
BOY. 16, would like position in grocery after
school. 815 Howard st.
"WANTED — Poeitlon: honest, reliable night
watchman. 'Address B. BILEN BERG. 162%
Clara St., rear.
EXPERIENCED butler wishes position. Box
2930, Call office. .
WANTED — Position as UD-to-date sorter. 'Ad-
; dress box 29C3. Call office. -¦
WAITER wants position. Address box 3299.
Call office. . * . . - -
WANTED — Position as watchman or . sight
; clerk; ; private ; hotel; references given;: bond
It necessary.: Address box 3279/ Call office.
. EMPI.OTarEKT WAHTTO) — Male— Con.
CLERK wants position. Address box 3300.
Call office.
YOUNG married man wants work of any kind.
Address H. ANDERSON. 405 Gongh st.
APPRENTICE carpenter wants work. 1028
Natoma st.
A MAN who understands elevator and steam
heating wishes work in hotel or office build-
ing. Address J. F.. 136 Hayes st.
A YOUNG couple with little boy; man as
foreman or all around ranch hand, wife good
plain cook. Address box 3205. Call office".
WANTED — Position by all around printer and
pressman; competent in either department.
Box 3294. Call office.
MAN wants any kind of work by the day.
2040 York st.
POSITION as foreman on stock ranch. Box
3302. Call office.
BOY would like position as errand boy. Box
3213. Call office.
BOY wants position In offloe. Box 3202. Call.
WANTED — Position; building superintendent
and draughtsman wishes position with archi-
tect or contractor. Box 3201,_Call_oiflce ;
POSITION as chauffeur. White machine. 20
Church st.
FIRST-CLASS pantsmaker wants six pair of
pants a week. Box 3133, Call office.
WANTED— Position as outslda salesman. Box
8132. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes position. Box
8220. Call office.
WANTED— Position as cook. 804 Mission st.
A GERMAN boy. age 15. would llks any kind
of work. Address 158 Fourth st.
MAN wants light work In the country; best of
references. B. B., box 3008, Call office.
BRICKLAYER wants work, city or country;
competent man. Box 3223. Call offlca.
POSITION wanted as aa errand boy. Box 3028.
Call office.
BOY wants position In restaurant where he can
learn to wait at table; French restaurant
preferred. Address box 3024, Call office.
HONEST Japanese wishes position as bellboy
or waiter at table. HARRY SAIKI. 624
Steveneon St.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-elass man aa
coachman and gardener In country. Box 3011.
Call office.
BOY wants work after school hours. Box
S018. Call office.
STRONG boy wants work as offlc* or errand
boy. Box 3014. Call office.
BOY wants position on a paper route. Apply
1301_McAlllster_st. j
NO. 1 watchman wants position In bul!dlng7
Box 3015. Call office.
PLASTERER wants work by the day or con-
tract. Address box 1445. Call office. Oak-
land.
YOUNG man wants position In mill or factory;
can turn and carve; has tools; expert on
planer, band saw, rip saw and jig; can fllo
and swage saws and braze and file band
saws. L. 8.. 858 Harrison St.. Oakland.
YOUNO man. B years* experience In soliciting.
desires position with wholesale firm aa sales-
man. Address box 1438. Call office. Oaklnd.
YOUNG man: bookkeeper, stenographer and
general offlcs work. Box 1444. Call office,
Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes situation as ranch hand.
Address box 3266. Call.
YOUNG man would Ilk* a position In whole-
sale house. Box 3265. Call.
WANTED— Job as gardener. O. TRASK. 810
Powell st.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler would like steady
position in country. Box 3764, Call.
YOUNO man to do porter work at 1163 Fol-
eom nt.
GENTLEMAN nurse. 954 Harrison st.
WANTED — Job as porter. W. POLiNER. 121
Pine st.
CA£H boy wants a Job. 812 Webster st.
POSITION wanted by a man with experience
on a milk ranch; near city. Address box
3309. Call office.
CARPENTER work of all kinds promptly at-
tended to. 2366 Market st.
BOOKKEEPER desires position with responsi-
ble firm; will open, close and systematize
books; contracts taken by the week- or
month; reasonable. Box 3344, Call office.
DISHWASHER wants position. Address box
32S5. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position. Address box
3296. Call office.
MAN and wife want places on ranch or pri-
vate place; good all round man; understands
care of horses; woman good plain cook. L.
T.. 162 Fourth st.
BARTENDER wants position. Address box
3298. Call office.
YOUNG man with exceptional ability as ln-
eurance solicitor wishes poeitlon: 10 years'
experience. Address box 3016,' Call office.
BOY wants to learn engraving trade. Box 3017,
Call office.
COMPETENT young man. stenographer, with
experience, wants to secure better position;
San Francisco or Oakland. Box 3163. Call.
WANTED — A position as night watchman. Box
3029, Call office.
A STRONG boy, handy with tools, would like
to learn the carpenter trade; has had some
experience. Box 3217. Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation as clerk In grocery etor« and
barroom; good references. "W. BOHLING. 417
Kearny st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes position as &
schoolboy. BEN T. WATANABE, 431 Stev-
enson st. Phone Jessie 2331.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work aa driver of
exprees or transfer wagon. 68 Clementina st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. 430 Ellis
street.
CIGAR salesman wants position. 1117 Turk st.
A RELIABLE man wants a position as jani-
tor: well qualified to fill the position. Box
3216. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wishes position. Box 3222,
Call.
YOUNG man wants position In a machine
shop. Box 3025. Call. ¦
POSITION wanted by young man as barten-
der; city or country. Box 3135, Call.
POSITION wanted by young man as lunch
cook; evening hours. Box 2493, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman wants work In
evenings at home. Address 120 Upper ter-
race. near cor. 16th and Ashbury.
WANTED — Position in wholesale nous*: can
do anything; am married. Box 2&41. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation to take
care of horses, garden, drive and general
work. H. B., 613 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man wants to carry morning paper
route. Address H. A.. 405 Gough st.
MAN and wife, from France, wish position on
ranch. Apply 734 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED laborer. 213 *4 Perry st.
AN experienced furniture wagon driver, knows
city well, wants work. 30'i Page st.
WANTED — Job as carpenter. 3276 Twenty-
second »t.
BOY wants position as office boy. 770 Fol-
sorn st.
WANTED— Position as collector: S years' ex-
perlence; references A No. '1. Box 3353. Call.
SOBER carpenter wants work in country. Box
33S9. Call office.
JAPANESE faithful young man wants a posi-
tion to do housework In a private family;
has references. FRANK OTA, 4 Carlos
place.
WANTED — Position as machine designer. H.
W. M.. general delivery. San Francisco.
AN all-around man wants a situation in furni-
ture warehouse;. 6 years' experienoe. Box
3315, .Call office.
A STRONG boy of 18 years wants work In a
warehouse; reference. 1055 Howard st.
A BOY wishes position In store. Box 3321,
Call office. -
POSITION wanted by flrst-claes cook. Ad-
dress box 2962. Call.
A STEWARD, kitchen and dining room, wishes
situation; best references. ANDRE'S. 317
Stockton st.
COMPETENT young German gardener would
like private place. ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton.
WANTED by traveling salesman, a good side
line that will not Interfere with grocery
line. Box 3007. Call.
SITUATION In lunch house; help In bar; good
cook. Apply 921 Jackson St.. rear.
YOUNG man wishes position as hardware
clerk. Address box 2439. Call office.
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional work
for evenings: either mechanical or patent of-
flce drawings. Box 1547. Call office.
A BOY wants work In a store. "* 471 Hickory
I avenue.
, j IMfLOTiqSHT WAWTED- -.ale— Cca
». WANTED — Position as porter in wholesale
house. GEO. RICHARDS. 123 Halght st.
[ BARTENDER wants steady positlonTcan fur^
nlsh references. Box C2.S0. Call.
" FIRST-CLASS car repairer would "Tike- sltua-
"on. Box S229. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as stock cl»rfc;
* experienced : rsferenccs. Box .:.:."». Call.
AAA — Sober all around handy man daatrts a
steady position; understands gardening:, milk-
9 lnp, handy with tools, good horseman and
1 driver; best of references. Box U'.C;. Call.
1 ADVERTISING specialist, touring manager
and press asent. varied colonial experience.
Just arrived, desires appointment. Address
box 2S76. Call office.
A YOUNG man desires situation In private
family or store; is good salesman: speaks
t French; will do most anything; wishes to
study evenings. Box 2665. CaU office.
£ GARDENER: practical, thoroughly experienced
In all branches of gardening. capabls of
taking charge of largn grounds, desires po-
sition. Box 2e*>«, Call office.
i SITUATION wanted by younjr man in laun.iry
(hottl) of country plant; .Us years' experi-
ence with electric machinery; also 1 year
firing: references. Box 2671. Call office.
> .
GERMAN. 42 years, married, wants light
; work; handy at most anything; best of refer-
ence*. Box 2617. Call office.
' WANTED — Place as collector; security given.
H. F. SCHILLER. 2024 Powell st.
: YOUNG bartender and piano player wishes po~
si tlon ; city or country. Box 2375. Call.
WANTED — Light employment by a trusty
man without any bad habits; under-
stands care of horses; can milk; country
preferred. Box 3O_2. Call office.
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
week: has all necessary shop tools. Box -S04.
Call office.
MAN and wtf* would like position on ranch;
man as foreman; wife to do cooking; best
references^ Box 1588. IOCS Market st.
WANTED— Situation in cigar store by young
man 18 years old; good character. Box 2870.
Call office.
BOY would like work in hardware store after
school. A., box 1440.. Call. Oakland.
A SOBER, Industrious young married man
wishes rotation as cleric in store: has had
four years* experience in general merchan-
dise; can furnish good reference. 2695 How-
ard it.
BOOKKEEPER — Young man wants position
either as head or assistant: best references;
8 years' experience: lumber business pr»-
ferred. Room 82. Hot-1 Ramona.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife would Uk«
work on ranch; wife good cook: man general
ranch hand; understands to take ch&rgo of
ranch; best of references. Box 2604. Call.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening and
closing books, expertlng accounts, etc Box
2263. CaU office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper (male. 36) Is open
to an engagement; good references. BETA,
box 2975. Call office.
8ITUATION wanted by German (37) as sta-
1 bleman. laborer or any other kind of work.
Box 20S0. Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants poeitlon as nlgnt
watchman; references. Address I. B., 738
Folsom at.
EXPERIENCED check writer wants position.
Box 2955. Call office.
CHINESE first-class cook wishes situation!
small family: $35 to $40. 815 Dupont st.
CHINESE cook, first class; has references: city.
Address LOUIE YUEN, care 616 DupOnt «.
A CHINESE first-class cook wishes situation
In hotel. WING. 733 Commercial St.
YOUNG JAPANESE STUDENT WANTS SIT-
UATION; OFFICE OR STORE BOTj
SPEAKS ENGLISH AND WRITES WELT*
K. SAKE. 41S DUPONT ST.
JAPANESE boy wishes place as schoolboy or
at housework In nice family. Address R.
YA>TA, 1843 Webster St.. near Pine; teL
Jackson 3341.
JAPANESE young, strong boy wants position
to take care of garden or housework In a
small family. K. ENDO. 235 Valencia st.;
phone Church 3152.
JAPANESE young, honest boy. wants position
as schoolboy; understands very well any kind
of work. M. NAGAO, 528 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy
In a small family. K. IKEDA. Japanes*
Gospel Society. 725 Geary st.
A JAPANESE honest boy wants position la
any kind of store or office at general 'work;
speaks well. HIHARA. 219 Post at.
GOOD Japanese wants place in private family;
housework, washing or wait at table. T.
CRANE. -420 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
GOOD Japanese boy wants general help after
4-5 o'clock p. m. 405 Post st.. R. BAN.
A JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, want*
position as schoolboy.M.U..S2m O'FarreU st.
rCT-LWCXB-D.
_____^_ • *Jx.
FIRST MORTOAGE GOLD BOJIDS.
See-red by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; Quarterly
Interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. ON&1
U72 Broadway. Cor. 14ta BU.
Oakland.
ir^ <
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In , 00
Surplus 940.901 M
Issues
Six per cent
Investment C«rtl2cates
At par.
Offloe — No. 14 Sansoms street. •
' San Francisoo, Cal.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice fre«.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 623 Crossley bldy
FLATS TO IiET— 7T7_CZTXS2t_3_>.
TASTEFULLY furnished new upper flat. n«ar
Park: sunny: exceptional; 7 rooms; Novem-
ber 1 to June; $50; no children; references.
Answer to box 3203. Call office.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of flv»
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. ex, 73 South
Park. -
MODERN, sunny, furnished cottage: garden;
adults: references; $25. SO>1 California st.,
near Twelfth ave.
BEAUTIFULLY fur. 8 rooms, lower: electric-
ity; marble entrance; $65; 10 to 2. 195? Bush.
FURNISHED flat of 3 rooms. 1322 Octavla.
LARKIN. 814 A— Six rooms, nicely furnished;
bath; gas range; rent $30.
HANDSOMELY fur. modern fiats, 4, S and 9
r.; snn: rent reas.: 2 to 5 p. m. 434. Bartlett.
FOR sale — A snap; 5 rooms completely fur-
nished; call 1 to 6 p. m. ; room to rent; rent
J14. 219*4 Teharaa st. *
TURK. 1CSH — 6-room flat, well furnished: good
transient: 2 rooms pays rent: all outside.
sunr.y rooms; bargain if sold by October 21.
$40O — 7- ROOM flat: sunny corner; nicely fur-
ntshed: clears $12 50; rent $45; owner leaving
city. 721 Franklin st. ; call 10 to 1.
FOR sale— Furnished flat; 9 rooms; at bar-
gain. Inquire 201 6 Howard st.
2016 Howard st.
El.KOANTLY furnished flat. 8 rooms, all new;
KlUmore et.. nr. Hayes; selling to go East;
treat bargain. Call at 7 Montgomery st.
¦ NXCKLY furnished modern flat of 5 rooms;
reasonable. 730 Octavia, near McAllister.
FURNISHED flat for sale; Inquire on prem-
ises: barsain. 22$ Oak st.
SIX-ROOM flat: well furnished: cheap: Gold-
en G. ave. ; sunny. 2ti Montgomery, room S.
$550— SUNNY corner flat; nicely furnished.
290 O'FarreU st.
FURNITURE OF 6 rooms for sale. Apply
1513V, Market st. '
HYDE. 7 — Completely furnished flat of 8 rooms
and bath: all runny.
FURNISHED flat for aale. 212 Sixth st.
EDDY. $12— Well furnished S-roora flat; sunny;
make an offer.
ELLIS. 027. near Van Ness— Snap: $250: 6-
room flat completely furnished; very low rent.
•' NEWLY furnished flat for sale; cheap. MV9
El^bteentn st., near Castro.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 19W.
47
ftATSTOLK.
TOU rent— Twr- eies.ar.t new flat* Just fin-
"if^' e r; " a -*' liA: * 3 ¦ ia ' i trunkroom; lanre
=¦--.0 ta cstar ?~a'.; s :.: i-i cvttry mm: ma-
'•'--¦'¦ \.»-w; rirftiy nslsfced: sas ami o-ai
*?rat»*; -a» and *-ie<-t"rv !tg*sts; ail the s»i-
•*¦"! caai»«rSeac«a -x a i»r:var.e r*»l<Jen«;e: SJi-
¦<t. I'uJjj. aB j rretdB uts.; ccnvesient to
vtu.-n. Hitl- ini! P»ciac-ar«. car line*: nat»
jW]**ylLltiltt to Van N«sa ave.: rent $33 and
'**>: r»r»rpcrps. Apsly at 131h Green St..
"".wera pdk an-i Larkin.
¦A.--tl n T~SEs arji Sat* to let: aa laimena* tift;
•** l -"^ ah*ctct«iy Er*«: tak* advantag* e<
:hi« Opart-cent; it wm an you tl=je aad
•roucle. Cartes Furaitsre Co^ 245-255 Geary
?'- . ta *_he scuari.
SKI: this b»*ut:r-i! n::d.'I> ilat to-day; 7 rcoms;
salocri pariors. hai: M&t. hmt rack, tiled bath-
rtx«n*»n<3 kitc*«n. rev«rsi*3i« wtadow«. store-
raozn; Ught and eunnr IZXl McAllister, bet
fcwser and P-J!rce; cp«n.
N'tlU' Sat* en th» »>st ",:ne of Van Nes*
*v*r.u»; r«r.ts ra-.» -u Ti.rr. »^" t; $-"^. V'l'N
HilEIN iiEAL £i=-TATE CO.. ZlZ Caiir=raia
•¦tr««t. .
*J7 U> TO «**4 — :«> a«;w. »utuiy lats cf 4 to «
roamm «rnl tmrh; L.?rob*rt st.. ea*t and »«
«f tj*>\-*a*^ix>. VOX P.HKIN REAL ES-
TATE CO.. S1.1 . s.:i?arcia tt
A MIDDLE and u.:p*r *^t; in good loeatien;
close to su!i:^mi part of city; sunny «id»:
M2 Hay.-s, st; $23 a=i $22 *». Inquire cf
BOVEK. TOY *; CO.. 117 Montgomery st
A — SIXTH ave.. 737— Sumy, pi^iuant fiat of 8
rooo.« bat 1 :; r-ct $25; half block of park.
& CO.. SOI Mmt*-.n5«-ry st.
A PERFECT country fiat. 5 roocis arui bath.
• 15; l*rg» Cower garden; cim rass the d-xsr;
• r.ly ...-^ far". E..i Zi.7 : \ Ca:: crrloe.
'-ASTItO. e73. near 2'¦r^— 2 r.»w *ar_<i. Z snd «
larg<». sirnsr rr^oma; all the latest improve-
••zim. J27 Z>~> ani $-Zi .">«; key en prem;*^*.
BA3DCBEZ. 11C. between ilarket and 14th— A
new. modem Cat cf 7 rocrai; sac aU day;
rrrt t^i.-.»av»
1 w i.-NTIETH. 413S. near '^a*tro— Deairati*
lower Hit; 5 rccm* asi bath- res* '•eajen-
ahl*.
ii»J Bet tBA Devisadero st. aear B-^sh— 7
nxa-j^ receptica, bath aad laundry noms;
rent rtisoc*.2le.
ASIxBTRT «r_. towwo HalgSt and Page: new
4 an4 5 rocni fiais; everythiaj swell; jaaltor
•erv-.ce; ccme aad see them.
XETW. suasy Cat* cf 6 roots* and bath: tftstM
ta latest style and everything up to date.
3122 anl *nS4 Tw»rty-«txTh st: $23.
TU-ENTT - FO'-RTH. 42«a, near rcu«ia«»— 2
aew "..--• . ¦»- «J r. aad 5 lower, 5 r. and
b. ; rest£ r<?a*i)nafcle.
LCCTEB. £at of 4 room*, with improvement* ;
$13 per month; saa and electric lights free.
*SS X;e tt,
CISA-VD suscy fiat 7 ncci: tO S'nttrn: rent
very lew tj reajsresibie party. S74 Valencia
St.. near Tw-r.t»th.
"TWENTIETH ave.. 373. near Point Lobes—
r^at. 3 sunny rocms; bath and ba?e=?r:t;
•^•at $lt-
A Ni-vk mc<Ier= fiat to let: 5 rocms and bath:
rpst $25. Zf>i'J Seventeenth st
A JtOOfcaj fiat cf 5 r:ctr.s a=i bath. 2^13^
A NEW «!-r->cci gurry tinted fiat 2532 Pest
rt. ; r-^Et r»asccaSie.
EAKEH. 731 -~*3 — 2 •sc'lern fiats. 6-7 r^oir.s;
=e«r:./ new: vrry sun-y: n>?ar McAllister st
CASTRO. 1S14 — ¦•; roc*i-J, bath; rent $12 50i
CENTRAL. mr3der= fiat: 3 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento St.. above P^welL
HLEGANT Cftr fiat: ti Urge, ronny rocm* aad
be.!*:: rent 122. 1737 Page st.
ELXGANT now <5-rcm fiat. 22T! Pa'iriassua
ave.. nsir Slanyan st. en car La«; $27 M.
E"5lEIvA. 21S. near N'lc*tr»nth — New lower
iUt: 5 r*xjT=« and bath; rent reaacr.ahle.
FIFTEENTH. 22S2— Baseaiest Sat. 4 rooms;
J1J. Appiy en j.rsmLses.
FIXE, sunny upper fiat; asanne view; 6 rocm*
aad hath. SE. ccr. Jones aai Broadway.
GEARY. 5*C5. -,»tr Taylor — fjesirable middle
T.a? .*. r asd b ; rent r -.¦"..¦'•¦r.at >.
£ ie ". HHNTH. 21*<i. n«»ar No« — New. mo.iern
Car «S rocms. bath, rent $30, nr. Dubcce Park.
FOLSOM. 2!T7!« — sunny «pp*r flat 5 room*, bath;
girti^ns. oerrent cellar; adult* ezXy. $18.
"TOR r-Rt — av Lyon rt. : runny, modem, up-
Vr fiat of 7 rxcu arui b&th; SC5.
LARGEST lizt r,i houses asd fiats to let Call
en LYCN * KOAG 1IU Msntgcmery st
LO"!i'EIt r*.at: 'MS EAiy st., near Fraaklia.; 4
rocm» and bath.
M.».-< XIT iv»., ::;i~3 — Niw £at 6 rccrrs and
"j.'i:. rent * :**! Zu.
M0CERN 2at c* 3 *-i=.r.7 rocms. 9S3 Sanchex
*:.. c^rr.»r cf Twenty-thirl.
2T2N MISSION, near 23d — New upper fiat; 7
~<:ms. wira belt
2175 MISSION— 4 furnished sunny rocms; large
rard: rest $14.
24-24 MISSISSIPPI st— 2 fiats; modem: $17
a-d $'.7. Witer Jree.
NEW »«r-y mcdoni crnser flat 334* Sixteenth
«.. ib-'v« Dolores; 5 rvonis. ba.rh; rent $24.
%iLM rfw«r fiat 5 r-jrras: every ccnv^nieBC*.
1ZZZ Trtat are.; rent $20; key ai grocery.
K2-9T2 CAK — 2 e>rast upper fiats; 7 roc-=j
and baifc; rent $27 Z0.
FAEXjOS fiocr. 4 rccms. to adults; $20. 212S
Howarf rt
2C4 SAK JOSE av . -^ar 24th st— Hcuse csf
11 rcc=i« and bath.
STANTAN* ft.. «:«, =r Fr-derick. f»ci2« tie
Park— Fir.est $45 flat in the city.
£E0T**'ELL. 1177 — 5-rocm modern fiat; bath
a- : wash kitchen; reasonable.
TaYLCR. 9>)5 — »-un-:*-. bay-wtndiTw fiats; 4
rooms. baLi. $22 3c; 5 rooesa. baih. $25.
TENANT fcr fiat 2iS5> Vaa Neas ave.; rea-
•ccatle.
TO let — Second fi.it. 7 rooms; light and sunny;
key let. ;ei3 Page at
VAN SZSS;, 2ZZ7. am* U-icn — Z modern uyper
fiats. * r. asd t. each; sunny; narine view.
2 NS7T. senry fj^t?: 3 large roccs and raa;
•n*ru'i<» v;«w; $12 50. ."-7?V k Fl^sicre st.
SC2 5«>— El.EG.vNT new «-rocm fiar. 1 Clock
ncrth c? iiarltst. 1« No* *t. near 15*Jt.
SIS — Ci< JSRSEY et. near Tw^rJ- fourth;
sobers fiat; 5 rccms asd Cath: no children.
r^TSJW*AJTTTCT.
FLAT ct 4 ru.r=*. tath. unfurnished winded.
?adraa* bcx Z;c3. Call cf3c«.
"*VAN~ED — Fum^ihed hctise; middle. FOLT.
1CS RM st
WANTED — l-roc=i fiat; re*it $13. Eox 23-57.
Call . . t « .
ymtJiTUiRZ roa ¦*t.t?
$75 WORTH of furniture to T 50 dewn. $1 SO
per w*«k. T. lir ..: . a - : M For. Ca. . 34O Posx st.
HOUSEHOLD furniture asd nearly new type-
writer cheap. "."••; Caiifcmia. st
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Misslan. tei.Bo«fe 813
rpxauTuaa wuma.
fABE LEVY.
Eaiesrsca, U3S Market st T>L Jessie 761.
Dca"t ceil ycur famitsr*. carpets, office fttr-
ruture. «tg.. until yen gat his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent mere for farnitsre thaa
•:**>-i cr »u: **U ca commissioa. L. H.
EURT>. -asc. ie3tt SSarlrst; phece Jessi* 223C.
EXCgAJrOE.
j;flOC— nRST n-irtSiffe security ICO-acre
:ara; want vacant lots. Bcx 2S39« CalL
- 3BTX2J^-wrAjrrga — yzaiAus.
A k'ii.W ladle* to assist Tw»v«~g- n*w Us* deco-
rative :ancy work: Coam at heme by the
pteetj about 10c bcur at first Call 9 to 3,
...44 Market st
LADIES to do plain sewtejr acme ca cellars:
norhing fa buy: material free: send addrvssed
»nv«-loo*-. Naticcal Mfj. Co.. West tieta
•u. New York.
T»AJCTEI> — Yocng slrf trho eaa srpeak Orrnan
tn aaaiKt m light hcaaewcrk; wajres $10 Bcx
TTA. Call «ific*.
U-AITRESg wanted tn a fir»t-ctas« faniUy;
trust hare city references: wa^ti $30. A4-
cr'=>. ctvisg rcferearea. to box 3215. Call.
TOUNC colored girt to car* for 3 ruoms; easy
work. Boca :. £t Asn«°* kvUdlac Baajr
mmm\ Pcwei: eta.
ari? WASTED — FZT3XAXE Coatiniied.
CCOS £.,r orphanage, no fcr«ad $30
*-¦**-*. sEiil private bcarulng-huus* ;£"".""•
4 ov;ks. u-ith ar.d without washir-j. .$*!U-»33
4 second girls $2ti-$'.':i
3 nujsejfiris, city an d ccuntry $*r.-*::."i
Kitchen helper. Institution, country 7*->
i Cleaning woman, orphanasi; Z2a
4 hccs«girls. city aad country $30
X'orse £or Arizona, see laUy here *'.»
*-*»k for 13 m«n, couatry ?35
- tutlers, c.ty $40-$43
2 oonk* fo r ranches £»
Housework fcr Beaicia C3
Kirh School sraduate for office work.
Nurse for Saa Mateo County $25
A larre number cf hcuaegirls, city and
ccuntry. gocd pl*e««. best of wages, call
MonJay. J. F. CROSETT i CO.. 334 Sutter.
j A OOOX. $35; two second girts. Napa. $"0
( ard $23; house giri. two ia family. $30:
housework giri, 3 in family $30; H house
I CirU. $30 aad $23: young girl, light work.
$T3: se^end girt. $25. MRS. NORTON. 5C8
Mascn at
I _____
j EXPERIHNiTED SHIP.T OPERATORS AND
A LIMITED NUMBER TO LEARN. STAND-
ARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH AND
? GROVE STS.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdreselng.
K_alcurtr_, etc.: trade taujrht from A to Z
ta 2 weeks: tuition $5 to these entering now;
th~e positions to fill lmmed.ately; positions
.•:.».-i-: •- : at $10 per week up: leading
school in West. 233 Geary st. room 13.
! WANTED — Girls to !*ara millinery now fir
rail »«_:cn: b«:th seasons taught from start
to finish ia one ma nth fcr $13; position* as
trimmers. salMrladies. r*ak»r*. guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 poslticns to be filled im-
m»Kiiately. Parlors 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
i A— PACIFIC C-Tilege teaches hairdres*in«.
electric massage, etc. : six hcurs'
practice a day: guarantee positions: only
recognized college of Its kind on ccast: day
and evening classes; ai! parlor work at re-
cu-e<l pne-s. 133 Puwell st
i LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home evenings cr spare tine and return to
as: no mailing or canvassing; $3 weekly
earned ; rfcaterials free: inclose self-addressed
envelope fir particulars. Guarantee Ca,
No. S 12 Ninth st.. Philadelphia, Pa.
i WE are prepared M supply very profitable
permanent employment to sevsral women:
$10 to $30 weekly comfortably possible.
Knsfc"cn Kemfort Shoe Co.. 1233 Eroadway.
Oakland, CaL _^_
• LAr>IE_S to da niecewcrk at their home*: we
furr.ish all materials and Day from $T to
>:i weeklv. Send stamped env<>lcD« t>
ROYAL CO.. 3* E Manroe «t. Chicago.
! EXPERIENCED sewias machine operators on
overalls, ccats and jumpers; steady wcrk.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 22S Fremont sr_
AEpiy to Mr. Davl*. ¦
' "WANTED — Kalf-gr^wc girt in rniUinery store
ta run erraniis aai make herself generally
useful. 723 Sutter st
SALESLADIES wanted for dry goeds store;
retereacMii nanteci; zofxi wag»s to Tight par-
ties. Address box 3130. Call office.
i WASHERWOMAN far Tuesday or Wetine*-
<ta; r : must be Cr«t-c:as«. ycung and steady;
$1 63 rer day. 340 Lake st
' LADIES having- embroideries. Battenberjr.
drawn work ta sell: also order work. Address
Ladies Exchar.a-*. 34 Mocrws st. Chicago.
LADIES — $."ij thousand cocyinir letters: no
mailing to friends cr furnishing addresses.
GEM ART CO.. Dept 4C2. Chicago.
¦ WANTED — Strong roung girt to askist in light
*icus€-w?rk; Alameda: family of 3; wages $13.
Address bcx 307>J. Call office.
¦ GZNTEEL giri to amist in very light house-
work: si»?ep home; wages $8. 1133 Masonic
ave., apartment 3.
I EXPERIENCED wrapper wanted: irsod pay,
steady position. L MAGNIN A CO.. 43-33
F.l'ig st
! WANTED — A first-class manicurer and hair-
dresser. Apply Sunday at S24 Ella, apart-
ment 333.
; WANTED — Ladv to do office work ta ex-
change for lessons la shorthand. Box 3305.
Call effice.
! WETNURSE wanted. Apply Monday between
1 and 3 o'clock to Dr. Lewltt. 300 Van Nes*
asenix*.
I LADY to l»arn palmistry, etc. : can earn $30
V*t week. KISMET. 710 Broadwav, Oak-
land.
! A — OPERATORS en ladies' underwear. 633
Mission st. third fiocr.
j — — _^ __^__^^________
| "WANTED— Nurse girL 2404 Jones st
I WANTED — Servant girl. 703 Web*ter st
j WANTED— A s'ri for general hcuseworit 3320
j Twentieth st
! GIRL to taia care of baby. Apply 317 Sev-
enth st
i
WANTED — Wcman fcr washing and house-
cl^anicg. 2T3 Fulton st
i WANTED — Girl to <5o greceral housework. Ap-
ply liS R'^ss street
i NEAT yoT-n* girl, second wcrk: $25. Box
j 2S*W. Call office.
I YOUNG giri to assist la hoosewcrk. 911 La-
— i-a st
i HOUSEGIRL wanted fcr general housework at
. '; 872 Howard at. ; $15 per njcnta.
'. WANTED-^Yoar^g Japanese girl to assist in
light housekeepicg. Apply 54 Lotta st
: YOUNG girl t3 assist with housework. 1313
Ellis st
WANTED — A lirl to do general hcusework.
«04 Fell st
; WANTED— First -clae* finishers. 1200 Geary
street.
! WAITRESS. 70 TSiird st
i EXPERIENCED operators en ladies' under-
wear. H. KLAS, 1137 Folacm st.
¦ SEAMSTRESS fjr children's dres**s: refer-
ence. Call bet 9 and 10 a. m.. 1141 G«ar>.
j GOOD hcrusew-rk xriri. 21 Duboce av«.
j GIRL wasted for lijht housework. 2148 Sut-
ler «t
WOMAN ta travel; refereaceaL Address box
:{005. Call office.
WANT a German giri for housework. 600
Minna st
1 GIRL, axsist tn bffusewcrlc and taka care of
baby: German crererred. 3S3S Eighteenth.
¦WANTED — Young girl to assist la housework;
can «iero at home. 2949 Sixteenth, st
; UP-TO-DATE mtntaery trimmer to give a few
private lesson* fall trimming. Box 31S3. Call.
| AT Mrs. Lambert's. 41S Powell— Help cf all
nationalities wanted to fill various positions.
GERMAN girl, cooking, general housework:
small family. Monday. 10-12. 1410 O-Farrtll.
WANTED— A first-class tailores* ca Sne coats.
Monday. 403 Pin* st
APPRENTICE girL MRS. KRUZGSR'S
drcstsaJdnv parlor. 530 G. G. ave.. room 21.
COOS asd caneral housework: small family.
7^-5 Haigst st
EXPERIENCED saleslady for bakery. NE.
ccrner Union aad Mason sts.
YOUNG girl to assist ta housework and Ieara
crescrnakln*; SIX 0<34 Eddy rt
GIRL, wasted at 706 Potit st
GIRL to Ieam printing- trad*. ODELL. 73
Fourth st. Monday afternoon.
GIRL far housewcrk and cooking'. Call Mon-
day. 1231 Fulton st. near Scott
WANTED— Servast «tri at 712 Webster si.
I GIRL' to team typesetting on monthly; ad-
vanced to first position. 514 Commercial st
! WANTED— Lady canvassers; household; bi«
money. 161 New Mcctsomery.
! "WANTED— A girl la family of four; wases
$23, 2224 Clay st _^^
I LM'.ESSMAKER'S apprentice. Apply MRS.
HINDii. 1508 Grove st. OaltTand.
! NTRSE wanted at 1080 Tehama st MRS.
; MERCKS'.
; V»" ANTED— A comFetest firl to take care of
children. Apply at 13C8 Bbsb st.
WANTED — Gtrl fcr general housework and
cooking. Call 758 Cagp st
NURSE for sanitarium. 23M Satter st
"WANTED— A hairdresser ta call at 120 EUla
street. •
i APPRENTICE wanted to learn millinery. 73
I Geary t -¦
I GIRL apprentice on machine; paid wfail* Ieara-
* ta*. U* New Montgomery st, room 18.
HSU WAJTTXP — rsatAZ^— CcatJaned.
A l.Al'XL!'.j>'i! ar.li .'liiin-l : .rma:il \a SBOH
fa-ri'y :r. <-ity. *00.
j A secend irfrl for San Rafael. S^o.
*A neat waitress aad carter maid for small
family in San llateo, $30.
A rook for a small family in city. $40.
j A nurse fcr two small childr«n. $23.
A cixjk for small boarding-house In city, $23.
A French lady's maiii. $00.
A waitress for restaaraat. $3 week.
; 2 strong young second girts, $25 each.
20 housework girls for city and country,
$25 and $20
MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter st, near Powell.
•AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORJ> CO.
Stenographer who can speak, and translate
Spanish. $73.
Glove sa'es!avltes, $« to $9 week.
Saleslady, hosiery department good wage*.
Notion siiesladic*. Pi to $3.
Assistant to bushelroan. piece work.
Young lady experienced folding and stltrfl-
lnsr. printing office, good wages.
Printing solicitor. $10 week.
Salesladies, bonds, > ¦ company and gold
mining stork.
Office open from 9 a. m. until 3 p. m.
j 5C» HEARST BLDG.
j Vv" ANTED — Far general housework. honest
i reliable, neat and economical woman; kind
to children: wag»s moderate. Call 1041 Ncc
st. Monday forenoon.
' WANTED — Stenographer and typewriter. Call
Monday morning, rooms 2 and 3. W. S. M.
P. Bureau, 900 Broadway, Oakland.
i — .^— — -^_^^^______^___— ___—
| WANTED — First-class German laundress and
'•hami-rmai-i: wages $30. Call Monday or
Tuesday at 1721 Vaa Ness ave.
WANTED — A girl for light housework. 11T
Pa^a st
, WANTED— MMdle-axed la.iy at 2913 Twenty-
second st; Scandicaviaa.
LADIES — Earn $20 per 100 writing shcrt let-
ter?: stamped envelope for particulars. Ideal
I Mfg. Co.. Casacpciia. Mich.
j LADY to travel: references; salary $21 per
w«wlt: expenses advanced. ZEIGLER A CO.,
323 Dearbcrn st, Chicago.
, NEAT young girl to assist with children:
sood home; wag>rs $10. Apply mornings, 1S4»*
Page st.
j GIRL wanted for office work: must be ac-
curate 'a figuring. California Baking Com-
pany, ccrner of Eddy and FWrnore sts.
i RELIEF waitress fcr restaurant 3 days a
we-ik: good pay. 631 Clay st
I FIFTY ladies to sell Rowland Instantaneous
dye neap; can earn $12 to $13 per week; call
any time. C22 Hayes st
i NEAT girt to do general housework; small fam.
iiy; npiwr fiat; wages $13. Apply 13tio Greea.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 1623*^ Lam-
bard st
i GIRL wanted for light housework; no- cocking;
no washing. 17 Third st.
| YOUNG women of good education to train for
r:ur*P«; paM while learning. Box 2731. CalL
| HZIJf WA3rrei>— MAIJB.
¦ AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Stenographer and bookkeeper, single, Ari-
zona. $73.
First-class pants maker, $3 day.
Candy helper, $:> week.
Ycur.g man. dry g-oo«ia house, to do sortins,
good salary.
Cutter aad packer, printing office. $6 start:
rapid rise to $10 week; youns man.
Corulal maker, good salary.
; Stenographer and bookkeeper who can speak
German, $30.
Bookkeeper and hardware clerk, $13 week.
Bookkeeper ami cashier, general store, $75.
Manager general merchandise store, $73.
Accountant executive ability. $153 start
Young man. wholesale Jewelry house, ac-
quainted with part* of watches, for sales-
! man, t<V).
Man cf executive ability. $150.
Furniture finishers. » hours, $2 50 day.
Brush mtn. $2 day ntart.
Cabinet-makers. $2 50 day.
First-cia38 upholsterer, good wage*.
Polisher and varnisfcer, must be Al, $3 50
•¦»¦
Wmdcw trimmer and card writer, $20 week.
Young men luarn to be glove salesmen be-
hind counter. XS week.
- men to take orders fcr merchant tailcrtag,
$12 week and commission.
Bannerinan. $1 day.
Laborer, J2 day.
2 men learn cigar- making, $25 deposit neces-
sary.
Manager fancy gods .iepartment $100.
Single hand miners. $:i day. Nevada.
Alaska placer miners. $3 day.
6 bors, $4 to $H.
Office open Sunday frcm 3 a. m. until 3 p.m.
309 HEARST BLDG.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
S06 Market ac. mom 325, fifth floor.
Office Closed on Sunday.
OPENINGS FOR MEN.
Bookkeepers $15 to $25 week
Stencgrapaers $13 week
Manager department store $23 week
Bill and entry clerk $13 week
Man Ear wholesale house $13 week
Man for warehouse $13 week
Cabinet-maker $2O week
Watchman $15 week
FERRY'S MERCANTILE BURSAU,
><0«; Market st. room 325, fifth floor,
i '¦¦
I AT INDEPENDENT EMP. AGENCY.
Phone ;am*i 337«. 612 Merchant st.
10 single h;ind miners. $3 per flay; 8 hcurV
w.^rtt; 2 years' Job; ag=nt at office this fore-
noon.
3 drill sharpeners, same company.
10 laborers fcr Job near city.
tJ laborers In city.
1 first-class buggy washer. $73.
2 hostltrs. single men preferred. $2.
2 carpenters, ccuntry, $3; 8 hours.
15 laborers, north.
Open to-day 9 a. in. to 12 m.
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
Contractors' agents, 93 Third st
: 3 riveters. Sierra County, 35c aa hour.
I Teamster. Bay Shore line. $2 23.
Amador County, new railroad work, team-
sters, $2, big Job.
BUTLER wanted for country. Call before 10,
ANDRE'S, 317 Stockton st
WANTED — An unmarried man who has some
knowledge of accouats aad Is a competent
stenographer and typewriter for a mercantile
office In the country; also wanted, a man.
either married cr single, for a salesman in
a lenenl merchandise store In the country;
must possess amplg experience in all lines
of merchandise usually carried In a country
store and be a thcroughly first-clasa man.
Address, stating experience, age, and naznes
' of previous! employers, also salary expected,
J. D.. box 201S. Call office.
WANTED— A large manufacturing concern,
about to op«"n distributing depot tn thia sec-
tion desire* service* of re*T>on»'ole man to
take management; salary $1300 per annum
and commissions: applicant must furnish
first-class references and $1750 to $2300 cash;
merchandise furnished. Address Manufac-
turer, care Nelson CheBmaa Comoaay, Chi-
cago, III.
WANTED^- Yotlng- man from 18 to 20 years
of age who has had some experience tn
men's furnishing goods. Apply betweea 9
and 11 a, m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED^ — Boy from 13 to 20 years of age to
learn the dry ffoeds business. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — First -class dress goods traji to go
to a city not far from San. Francisco Ap-
ply between » and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.*
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS— SaUrlea $800 to
$:'CCO; life positions: thousands ot appoint-
ments to be mad* this year; examination
soon: our specially prepared students secure
appointments ; sond or apply for catalogue
giving positions, salaries, age limits, etc.
Pacidc Correspondence Institute. 1065 Market
st, San Francisco.
WANTED — An experienced buyer of notions,
buttons, small wares, dr;:? sundries and kin-
dred lines: also young man for assistant tn
laces trimmings, embroideries, etc.. for de-
partment store; stat* experience, references
and salary expected. Address box 2Q2O. CalL
MEN each State ta travel, distribute samples,
advertise and carry on our business; salary
$13 per week, $3 per day expenses, advanced.
KUHLMAN C0. r Cent B14, AtUa block.
Chicago.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
evenings: $9 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particular*. Manager Deot S 12.
bcx 1411. Philadelphia. Pa. ,
LAUNDRY -cominisstcn driver with a route-
apply lasxaediately; bundle work preferred :
state amount of work per week. Box 2844.
Call office. . ,
WANTED — An ambition* man for managing
partner In a sound manufacturing business.
Apply between 2 and 5 p. m., 115 Jones et
ALL men — Barber trade tan«ht ta barber
seeps; wages paid while learning; the only
practical method. 647 CcmiaercUl st
"WANTED— A grocery clerk i one who. under-
stand* ta* buataes*. 3031 Twenty-aixth st.
W ANTED— Experienced retail snl«*mao. Ap-
ply Great American Importing Tea Ca. 4*
Market st., upstairs.
WANTED everywhere — hustlers ta tack stgna,-
dlstribute circulars, samples, etc; no can-
vassing: gocd pay. Sun. Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED — Young mm* as worlds* : book-
keeper for carpenter shop: en* wno would
Uie ta learn trade. Call 3373 lith st. 12 xa.
EUP -WAJTTEP— atjm; — Contlnuad. .
TO-DAY. !
i SUNDAY.
A— MURRAY * P.EADY. «M and Oi Clay st
Phone Slain 53 v*.
Leading: Employment and Later Ag.'ntSL
t TVe apeak the German. French, Italian, \
I Scandinavian. tJreek. Spanish. Slavonian and j
Danish lanjrtiascs. ¦
I 1303 We Gave 130 1 We Hod* ta [
eO.Oeer Men "Work. Increioe tJO.OOO.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters. Calavenu Cc. ; ions j^ts, $3 25
day. •
5 carpenter, house wsrk, %i day: 6 (•• J ir-
penters, city, $3 day.
WOOD WORKER.
Wotxi worker, country shop. SC day.
Wheelwright $3 50 day. —^
3 bench hands. 12 cabinet makers.
LOOK!
MECHANICAL.
3 blacksmiths, 10 carpenters.
6 plumbers, north, fare paid, S hrs., $4 dar-
4 iron moiders. $3 50 day; 3 plasterers. $4 30
day.
5 brushmakere. matcher and sticker hand.
3 jrtledriver men. country, $3 day.
4 plumbers, bricklayer, painter.
3 paper hangers, city, $3 to $4 day.
MURRAY A READY. «34 aad «3(J Clay st
A— READ THESE
C A REFULLY.
3 experienced chicken pickers. $13 week.
3 hcwtlers. $«0; S stablemen, city and coun-
try, $35 and found.
Apple-packer «ountry. $32 50 and found.
1(1 FARM HANDS.
12 Plow Tesmsters. $30 ta $35 and found. ;
6 milkers: S choremen, private and ranches. ¦
18 BOYS— BOX FACTORY.
12 laborers. lutr.ber eo.. north, $80.
Boy for grocery store, city. $7 week.
20 laborers, city snd country.
MURRAY & READY. ST,4-<C6 CTay St
A— ARE YOU A
COOK, WAITER. DISHWASHER, PORTER. '
BUTCHER. BAKER?'
12 butchers, city and country shops and j
•iau-hter. :
Block butcher, fare $1, $30 fd.
: • Sausage-maker, south. $40 fd.
Sheep and hog butcher, $70 to $100 month. ;
4 cooks. 3 waiters, 3 dishwashers and kitchen i
hands.
MURRAY A READY. 634-gM Clay st
GOLD AND SILVER.
COAL AND COPPER.
MINES. MINES. MINES. I
3
Machine miners, gold mine, Mariposa Coun-
ty. $30.
10
Hand miners, gold quartz mine, $82 30i
Tlmbermen. gold mine. $S2 50.
l'> COAL MINERS.
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
I Good mine good accomodations, $3 to $3 73 '
day.
See us about It; it's good.
MURRAY & READY. 634-«38 Clay st
SPECIALS.
Young man living with his parents a* clerk |
for tils office.
Camp waiter, mine. $25 and found: young '
man to> drive light delivery wagon, $10 wk. .
Timekeeper, contractor's camp, $40 fd. j
ENGINEER.
Steam shovel engineer, cuuntry, $3 day fd. .
Man. scraser. sand. $H3 fd.
MURRAY ,4 READY. 634-4J36 Clay st
j •
j JAPANESE wanted at 1S03U Howard *t;
barber shop; call between 11 and 12 a. m.
1 WANTED — Furniture packers. "IS Mission st
: WANTED — Gocd pants preeser at HINTZ'S, !
corner Hyde and Geary st
j _—^______
I 10 GOOD bench hands. Secand-at. Planing
Mill.. Second and Grove sts., Oakland.
i '
: BOY wanted, over 14. California Watchmak-
ing School. 723 Market st.
! WANTliD — An office boy; $4 per week: chance
of advancement. Bcx 3141. Call office.
I i .
' WANTED— Good shoemaker. 30C4 Mission st
i WANTED — Boy to learn diamond setting; good j
references required. Address box 3210, Call. |
BARKERS — Best paying 3-chalr shop in the
Mission for ttla. Box 2940. Call office,
WANTED — A porter at 13 Third st C. I
MOCKERT.
¦ WANTED— Errand boy. VALENTINE. 347 j
Bush st
! WANTED — Good solicitor for show cards; good j
salary made. 17 Geary st
ERRAND boys wanted. Call 9 a. m., «. MAG-
NIN A CO.. 43-53 Ellis St.
; WANTED— Finisher for ladles' tailor. 400
1 Poat. at. . ...
i WANTED — A man to take care of 2 horses, i
Apply 113 Tenth st ' ' ' !
' WANTED — Italian watchmaker: speak a little ,
Erur'ish; good chance. Box 322S, Call office. !
TWO men wanted to Ieam barber trade ia ;
shop: wages paid. 731 Mission it
WANTED — A man to drive express wagon. '
Call MX;0 O'FarreU et J
, , !
SALESMAN to sell lodging-houses: must be
, reliable. Apply by letter only, HINKLEY,
1020 Market at.
¦ GCOD caixenten. con-unlcn. wanted. St
Charles and Taylor ave., Alameda, Monday
i mo rains.
¦ Detectives, everywhere; no experience; $3 per i
day. U. 3. Detective Agency. Milwaukee, Wis i
j . - *_
I PORTER wanted. I* Third st
YOUNG boy for office work. Box 2648, Call i
office. j
WINDOW washer. 1714 Fctsom st
TEAMSTER want* job. 174 Natoma st
PORTER wanted. 43 Third st.
| WANTED — Young man as bookkeeper; must i
; be Al accountant and able to do some '
: stenography; bond and references required: j
; good position for right party. Box 2317, ;
Call office. I
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a '
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER- '
SON. 477 and 473. Parrott building. I
HONEST, willing young- man, looking for por- :
ter and bartender position, with good refer- '
ence. Box 270O-. Call office.
! FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; also pants and vest
maker for country. Apply REES BROS. <fc
; CO.. 24 Sutter st I
SHEET Iron worker and bench tinner: union ;
shoo: 0 hours: mention where last worked, i
Address box 3179. Call office. I
GORDON pressman. R. R. PATTERSON, 420
Montgomery st.
BOY about 13 yean of ag« to work la flower!
itcre. Call Monday at 50S Valencia st.
CANVASSERS fcr new proposition. Call after j
3 p. m.. 413 Eleventh »t. Oakland. j
' MEN to learn the detective profession. 007 i
Market st, room 104. |
FOR SALE— A bargain: two-chair barber
•hop; must go East. 1308 Devisadero st
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechaa-
ics. •killed and unskilled laDorers. ar* Invited
to register with us free of cnarz*. HORD
* SMITH. BB Third st. S, F.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop la the country for
sale; all oak furniture and continuous mir-
rors r one of the best towns In th* State; side
line pays rent Address box 2377. Call office. J
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for I
Government positions. Andy for free cata- 1
logua giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant fcldg.. 1C03 Market st
WANTED— A traveling salesman for a larg*
local tailoring establishment Apply box SS14.
Call office.
GET your shoes half -soled wnile waiting; 23o t
to eOc. 3*; Mission st, bet 1st and 2d >U..
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
WANTED — Bright errand bey; steady position.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 233 Post st
! MUSICIANS to Join military Band.. 323 BUsa
st. third' flocr. rocm 4. I
CLERKS and carriers far tha Po*toffice ser-
vice; examination soon in San FrancUco; '
circular J-L giving full particulars about :
examinations, salaries, sample questions, >
etc, sent free. National Corres. Iastitute. ;
Washington, D. C. or Paclnc Coast office, ¦
327 Market at. Saa Francisco. Cal.
. i
WE are prepared to supply very profitable per- !
manent employment to several men: $10 to
$30 weekly comfortably Oassibls. Kushlun '
Kamfort Shoe Co.. 1233 Broadway, Oakland. |
MEN .to learn barber trade; only eight week* >
required; Only institution teaching the ton- !
sorlal art Call or write for free catalogue. .
Special offer. 3£&fei*r Barber Cal!«ce. <M I
Sacramento »t !
¦ t
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know I
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has ¦
added 100 naw room* to Uie Denver House, j
217 Third at: 2S0 rooms: 23c to 30a per night '
TRY our men's shoe*. uaJco made; $1 aad $t SO |
pair; foat-fenn shces, $2 30; w- pay express [
charges. 11 .Id St.. Exam. bUl. ;open till 0 p.m. <
THREE young* men can earn ' course la city
business college. Box 2703. Call office.
BARBER shco ' for sate on ' Market st ; very
reasonable. Assly Call effice.
MAN to learn -th* bart»r trada> We pay yea
while learning. 731 Mission st
EE1PWAITTED — fit • T.T — Corrtfcia ~t
A A— EMPLOYES' itiOlISTKR CO.
•ii- 1 ..'. Chronicle bldg. James 2IS1.
Expert c.-»tet*r. flrst-cias* houl *lu«> mo.
LeathT-bag maker WO mo.
Manager carpet deuartment $125- lau.
Harness and saddle makers.. .$75 to $123 mo.
Cam j»b«ll machine i^aml $£t> mo.
2 Al drusr citric *75 mo.
3 m^chinisti, c»ul to-day sure $24 wk.
2 etave-clate mulders. city $3 3O day
¦Watchmaker and repairer, country. .$1CO mo.
'¦i met a! rccfars $350 uay
Traveling manager $*S> weak. exp.
Expert i.*»oel button rnak»r W day
:j metal pollahfr«. exserter.ced $W wk.
1 burnisher, experienced $13 wk.
c*ablr,etma*tcr. lunxlrur^ store $3 50 day
First-class poultryman $13 wk.
Manager for ladies' wi-ar dtpt ilOU mo.
Camiy belpor. city $3 wk.
1 "3a:ternmaker, «-;ty W day
Window dr-»a«r and card writer. ..$10«> mo.
Al stave connector $2 30 day
3 hovse ralnters, coca shoo *3 50 day
Expert bookloeDer $125 mo.
2 wine-cellar men. city $fi5 nio.
Open to-day. lt> to 3 p. m.
"WANTED — Tea and coffee agent: a hustling.
capable man of large acquaiataace to work
np a wagon route, tn city or coantry. far
established firm; largest retailers la the Uni-
t-ii State*; splendid inducements offered to
the trade: no graft; good pay to right party.
Address, stating experience and references.
Grand Union Tea. Co.. Seattle. Washington.
WANTED — Experienced plumber'* helper, cap-
able of doing jobbing; advancement to rus-
. tier. Address box 1431. Call office, Oakland.
2 GOOD salesmen: out cf towa; exsenses a.I-
vaceed. Ca!l Monday. 10-12 a. m.. >*ID
Market «t. room 3:;.
WANTED — Watchmaker: first-class man. Call
Monday before 12 o'clock at ALPHONSE.
JUDI3 CO.
VARNIiHER and polisber: a rtrst-clasa work-
man. The FINK A SCHINDLER CO.. 1300
Market st
\*> AXTED — Experienced collector. Call Mon-
day morning, rooms 2 and 3, 905 Broadway,
Oakland'.
WANTED — First-clasa engraver and Jeweler.
Call before 12 Men., ALPHONSS JUDI3 CO.
WAITER wanted. 43 Third st.
WANTED — A good fiocr man at 670 Mission
st; Monday morning. P. LYNCH.
CaSH bey wanted at Spreckels Market. 731
Market st
SMALL boy wanted. 1043 Mission st
ACTIVE young man over IS years to act as
salesman; steady. 3U Geary st, r. 13.
WANTED— A good boy. 1416 PoOt st.
WANTED — Al solicitor for hand-written call-
Ing and show cards. 209 Turk st
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale an ac-
count sickness. 773 Folsom. nr. Fourth st
S. F. BARBER College will take next « schotars
free. Call for particulars at 741A Howard st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for ail parts of
the -world at HERMAN" C. 2S Steuart st.
MEN -ranted at 137 3d st. where shces are re-
paired by macbinery: sewed soles 10 mia..73c.
SAILORS and young men (green haads) tor
ship*. HALLBERT. S17 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Mont«y..r.413.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BuIIls.r.4O.Phelaa bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — TOO rooms: 33c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to aad tram ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until It d. m.
ALL >1m men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prif* Bftn Ml^nlon «t. bet, lat »nd 2d sts.
SAZ>ESMX2f WABTXS.
SALESMEN, experienced specialty preferred:
opening for two; one for California; must be
competent: no salesman in our emoloy paid
b»?low $230 a month: aermanent. Address
Manufacturer, P. O. Sox 1053, St Louis, Mo.
TRAVELING salesman — By laree wholesale
house, ta sell general stores " tn Calif crnla;
posftion permanent P. A. WATSON, Sales
Manager. W Fifth ave., Chicago.
ONE traveling salesman each State; no ex-
perience; permanent: 'gtrori pay: liberal ex-
penses. E. M. ARTHUR CO.. Detroit. Mich.
STOCK seller — T5xc«Ient trroscsttfon: large
commission. BANNER OIL AND- GAS CO..
324 P. O. block. Ypsilantl. Mich.
$7 A DAY — Ladies or gentlemen: good ap-
pearance: reference*. 421 Crossley bldg., 9
a. m. to 3 p. m.
SOUCXTOSS WaHTEO.
WANTED — Active, educated men of business
ability to sell the new International Ency-
clopedia. DODD. MEAD ft CO., S«l Parrott
building.
MAN or woman to canvass In Oakland: $4 n.
day. 1114 Washington st. rocnj 3, 10 to 12.
SOLICITOR wanted for card signs; must be
re.'Donsible. FRASER. 301> Putter.
» KOBSX3 astp^ wAOo«*g.
FOR sale — For want of use, a beautiful pair
of matched penies, bays with black points,
SI tnches high; kind and gentle to driv» sin-
gle and double. Can be seen at the Olympic
Club stables, 503 Sutter st
BAY team, doubl-e carriage harness: S seated
trap; light surrsy and buggy. Elm ave.. off
Pleree st, between Golden Gate ave. and
Turk st. 7 to 11 a. m. and 5 to 8 p. m.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus StaBIes. 13«> Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Brown mare »5 y»ar» old. weijrht
IZ1jQ pounds, IS*-* hands hish. Box 13^2.
Call offic*.
WANTED 1 — To buy a «ecrmd-fcand easiness
bu*=ry In good running order. Address box
1763. Call office.
GOOD young buggy fiCrse for sale cheap:
sound and gentle. 2207 Telegraph ave.,
Berkeley.
HAGIN Shetland, with new O'Brien buyry.
harness: sell or trade for road horse. 2T2S
Bryant st.
ADDEELEYS stable sheepswool sponges: $2.
$2 73 $.1 SO; chamois and dusters. 307 Mar-
ket »t. S. F.
FOR sale — Rubber tire hack at a banrain If
called for early. Apply 2U feurbon ptace.
SMALL city contractinrr outfit, complete, with
horses. HORD & SMITH'S. 05 Third st.
FOR sale — Second-hand laundry, grocery and
baker wagons. ROBERTS. 1613 Market st
FOR sale— One-horse exnress waiun; tn ffacd
condition: cheap. 1460 22$ ave. South.
WANTED — A second-hand cut-under furni-
ture wagon. AdJress bcx 27<j3. Call office.
FINE Buggy mare, harness and buggy $1CO.
1:131 Sanchez st. near Twenty-ssventh.
CHUNKY-BUILT mare, ft-year-oid; well broke;
very gent!*. 445* Eighteenth st
YOUNG mare, aoumi, jocd rider. 1337 Valen-
cia st, rear.
NEW and secend-hand bussrtes. surreys and
waguns. 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Wagons and buggies, all kinds, at
ROBERTS'. 1U13 Marie n st.
GOING Cut of Business: new and second-hand
.wagons sold cheap. 16S0 Mission st, nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 *. m. 327 Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagon*, har-
nes*. work & driving hcr»es. 15th- Valencia.
HorarES^TO^ET.
A PRINTED list of houses ts let: send for clr*
cular. G. H_ UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BtSH. 17IO. nr. Goueh — in reams, bath, etc.;
garden; eun in every rm»m: new ptumbtng.
tlBtlng. patntlnsr ami eiectric i fixture*. Ap-
ply MADISON Jfe PURSE. ¦
BROADWAY. lV-2. near Lacuna — S rsotna,
bath: marine view: rent $12 CO.
HO UaE U Ui- W2t Powell »t.
Sl'> MONTH; twune. 8 rooms, bath and gar-
den. 171 Collins st.. TV*., naar Qeary-at car.
gOTSXS TO I.ST— F^aiTISggP,
FOR rent — Mcwlern furn{«h^il hnuse; 9 rooms
and bath: eleetrte lighted; 232M Partae ave.;
2 car lines d«*s the door., kor farther par-
ticulars ascly M. STLVIA. 17 and 13
-, Battery *t_
FOR sale — Whole or -part furniture of 7-roora
Bottse; balls asd bath* 4 rooms rented. Ap-
ply 943 McAllister st
PINE. 2730— Completely turn, bay-window 8 r.
heT*T yard, basement; coal; gas r. ; clean. sun.
NICELY furotshad 11-room hou**; sunny aid*;
reasonable. SOU Eddy st
EbmMMWBWIHBBHBB! ' '¦/ '¦'-'"• •¦•'-.
• HOTTSE3 nrajnsgup — ?oa bai.s. j
SNAP — Must ba aold at once: 7-rcom hoose: <t
: rooms newly furnished; price $330 cash. 7C2
O'Farrell st, usstairs.
313 LEAVEV5V0RTH — 8-room house, partly
furnished. Call Monday bet II aad I.
; $3. < M> — HOC3S of S rooms; well furnished; rent i ;
$27 5<X 1153 Oak. sc .
I Ton salt: — 10-rocm furnished houa*. 43 Sacra- {
menfo st: rent caea?. i
m -~~ -— — ' j
| E0USH3 WA5TSO. !
' COUPLE want car* of ortvats iiome in <x- [
change for housekeeciag rooms. Bcx 2tH2. i
Call office. '
| WANTED — To buy 3-rcora ccttags located la i
Mlaslon. Address bcx 2133, Call office.
| COTTAGES TO UTT. '
i i
| REAR cottage. 3 sunny rccms: sanitary plumb- j
ing and basement: rent $*>. 141 Saa Carle*
I Are., bet. 18th and 13th ; key grocery next dr.
SMALL eottas- to to at Lartapur: price $10.
AfHrp*3 43 Albion ave.
! COTTAGES WASTED. '
| COTTAGE ef *b<;iit 3 room*; rent about $20; I
Mission » areferr»d. Box 3103. Call office.
j "WANTED— New cottage. November 13: 522 ta .
r-*7: no cM!,'r»n. Box 3T29. Call office.
| LmAIID CTr^THB. ;'
! SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturer* of ,
Eima tngycie chair. 2013 Mkt;teLPark 773. I
= t
r.osT ajtd roTntn. :
| LOST — Pea.-l-fcar.dled umbrella on bea»:h. near '
ClifT House: esgraved en gnJd band with the
aame of Gwner. "Arglee"; nsder please re-
turn t.> ir^4 Market st and receive liberal j
reward.
LOST — Black silk bag containing ncn»y. bank
hook, Dao«rs and gold watch, highly prized '
: aa kcecsak* frcm >iec*a9«<d relative; generous
reward. Hctel Netherlanrt. IS Turk st.
LOST — On Friday, black leather pocket aote- •
book, containing record of nres for 17 y^ar*.
Finder return same to 7i» Sutter st; will
receive suitable re-ward.
FOUND^ — Irish setter: owner eaa have same by
payta* for ad. 379 Calirornta a*/*.
LOST— Bet McAllister st. 9th ave. aad C St.. •
fur collar; reward. s*j»i Market st. rocm 4. I
LOST — Gold bracelet: 3 stanes*. 1334 Edd7 ¦
street
FOUNP-yBIagk dcg. Call l<gl Sanchea st !
LOST— I3th. cardi?ase with R. R. pas* R*no to
Lcs Angeles, telegrapher car-1 Ort.1 Fellow
due receipt. Return to 3CO Vaa Ness ave..
Van Eddy House; reward.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to b« mad* tnto naw
watch cases. 22O Sutter st
I^AXnfCTEES TOa HUMS. ;
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH .CO., fcot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business: taL Bush U4.
J. Michaells Launch Co.. Unton-st Wharf; boat-
ing ± excursions. 5 3tauart at ; Ul. Jchn lead.
MATargQJIAX.
AMERICAN of 38, Unexceptional standlay. '
quiet scholarly tastes, d«sires acquaintance
lady of genuine refinement aad high charac-
ter; object matrimony: stata ag» and par- |
Uculars. Box 315O, Call office. Oakland.
LAE>Y, well educated, accomplished, with
means, desires ti correspend with gentleman
with scm* means; must b* honest and sober:
object matrimony; ho agent*. Box ISeZ. Call.
A TATIDOWER fno family), ha* a fine home for a I
good wife and an ample income, would like to
correspondent with a true lady, a gzo<t house-
keeper; cbject matrtmcn7. Bcx I38». Call.
A GENTLEMAN (yeusir). has mean* aad a '
good Inccme, also win iahartt some money. .'
want* tn correspond with young lady; object
matrimony. Box iac». Call office.
GENTLEMAN. 43. with a gocd buatses» and a
nice home across the bay, would like to meet
a lady matrimonially inclined. Bcx 1737,
Call effice.
HONORABLE gent, desiring wealthy rr-arriaffi
can hear of a rare opportunity by ad.ir»sain»
J.H. Karris, B 122. Garfield Park. Chicago. CX.
j A TTTCOW, 34. Protestant wishes to meet aa
j educated and r»fined sentlemaa; cbject mat-
rimony." Box 1378. Call office.
t ' ¦ '
,1 MATTRESSES AJTD PTLX.OWB.
i TO order; renovated, dlsiafected (formaldehyde
process>; excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 14.T2-.t4 Howard st: phca* Booth 213.
' mTEBICAXn,
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
frem Irregularities consult me; my method*
are painless and reliable: no failures*; no ex-
orbitant fees.
I could publish a small beck containing '
ffenuine letters of heartfelt thanks from
cured patients, but my correspondence ta
never divulged under aay circumstance.
This is a fair sample of statements I get
daily: "I am completely satisfied. I shall
b« giad ta recommend you to my friends al- .
ways. Tha cure was perfect aad the fee ,
t very reasonable."
. i CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE; .
17 years' experience tn all female disorders;
call cr write. DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.
I ' rooms 7 and S.
: LADIES — If you are ta troabl*. coxtfid* ta ma. '
Relief for Irregularities. Help for tha oa-
fortunate. My time ts devoted exclusively to
i thes* condition*. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician hen who eaa say thla. Call or ;
writ*. Confidential. Eat. 14 years. DR. R. ;
H. WESTON. office 3C3 KEARNT ST. j
' MRS. DR. WTETH, specialist for all fem*'*
campiaiats and irresrularities : instant reilet :
guaranteed: 3u years* experieoce. S2S Poat at ] .
• MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f»- ;
male troubles and trregularttles; tastaat n- j
ttef guaranteed. 10f*4 Market st. ipp. ScS.
VALPEAU'5 female pills; best regulating pills
ssld: price $2 3<) by express. Pasteur's syr- '
¦ ince an<i tabicta; price *•">. By aippm only
: ; on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS. I
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway. '
Oakland. i
' DUNN'S pile ointment gives instant relief; !
most obstinate cases cured In 2 to 4 week*: :
by mail, postpaid, 30c; liberal Inducement. !
. I to ag»nts. Gem Supply Co.. P. O. box 2104.
Baa Francisco.
I MR~. DR. GOODWCV. ladies* specialist, sow i
visitlag the leading saaitartums and matar- !
' I nity homes of Europe, will return to 3aa ;
Francisco on or about October 10 and will b* .
permanently located at 412 Taytcr at
' DR aw. O'DONNELL— All who ar* sick or '
la traubi* consult this apeciailst on female j
complaints: positively corrected; ti» ixatorva- \
n»ta helped; the most otfatralt ea*e* trea*«<t: :
advice free. OCice. 101S Market st j
i DR *nd MRS. DAVIES sad HINDOO HERBsT •
original method of treatment 1128 Marks*. [
j MRS. DR. CWTER. 3IIA Leavenworta st. &•- i
tween G**ry and O'Farrell. j
| LA DIE: 4 — Kuinroiznd: safe. «ur*. never rm."»: ¦
$2. Gteascn-Ruggiea Drug Co-.Kaarny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN resldrac* 299C Folsom st. caraer
28th: ladies relief or no fee; $10.
MTTiTiITIRaT.
, i ii ' i ii i i i
'. PRIVATE millinery: first-class work guaran-
teed. UL2AA2* H. OROOAN. mite 2» «S7 < '
Post sk \
ttTTTES A3TD MUUO.
' ; I MAKE a fTecialty of selling rood miaisff
property. A. D. RETFRO. Cressley bid*.
1 ¦ COPPER mine in Trinity Ox for sale. Box
I S2t!2. Call office,
lCSC5*XXJL3rSOTT3 — ?O» SAIJ!.
' i ROCKING HORSES GALLdPVXO H0R3S3 '
1 FOR SALE FOR SALE.
; ; Up-to-date Cbrtstmas Present
. ! Man-ifactured on Premises.
No worthless toy — built fcr durability, pleas-
ure snd comfort ct chiMren.
Pi ices very reasonable — win be sold to chil-
dren tn weekly ln*taUm«nta 1£ deatred. Call
and Investigate for yauxsetvea.
E. G. LIND. «73 Harrison st. near Thirl.
2D-HANL- macbinery. englses. coUers. pumps.
pulleys, thaftlng. etc., etc, bought, sold, i
¦ rented and exchang-d; see Suaday nanen '
! H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 13OvU2 Beale st [
- 1 BOILERS, engines. 2d-haad- machinery McIN- 1
• TOSH A WOLPMAN. 133-137 Fremaax St.
, f DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ??
¦ Repair tt with eUterite. la roll* easy to lay:
; ceeds no paistias or coatiac; seed over eld
> i inc. tin or sbinst**: beat for new roofs. •
' KLATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 st
! AN elecant assortcteat ot diamond*. Jewelry i
; and seaUkias for sate on voall weekly pay- I
• ments; good* delivered on Hrst payment •
r UNITED TRUST CtX. 21 Stockton st ¦¦
FOR sale— 10-ton , huntins *locp. prtce $223 -~4 I
berths: stave: cocking utensil*: cabin 2Cx ;
xl3: good, condition. VfS. COSTLEY. 1234;
Broadawy.
¦ A — BUYS, sail* or rest* gear ma<htaery. *a-
; glnes. botlers. water ptp«. soar tin*, policy*.
I etc WHITELA W, 233-2S5 Spear tt
m i k c rx»i^*.3rEOTr3 — ron **tj*-— ew.
H S. WHITE MACHINERY CO. ha* far stkiw
the f-illowias ieccad-hami macaiaary:
One 12-inch Peltan waterwhee! with a»xxl?*»
»al»e. etc.. compl-ts 123
2-h. p.. v»rt!^al steam btrtlsr. cotaptct^ $23
l<>-h. p.. verticnl stenra boiler, coroptei* $"^»
3-h. p. strtni en«;ae. complete $—*
3 4S-iaea Pelton waterwheeis. 30»H> f*et 13-
Irtrh rtvTted Piiw. Al shape $10M>
• tarz- waterworks pumps. cUSwent nsaie*:
cheap
Dow dt>ep w<?n pemu. 125 tttt 3-«r«<*a pfp«.
pltxn«i»r. cytiader. etc.. all complete U»
*> tonj ?-Inch. !«-Ia<-lt. to-trsch. 12-lnc3 cast-
iron :ji or water p.D*. p«r tin. $2»
¦WVsUnghouse ccrepreanor. r:xli)xl2 $»>
Air rer-rrers.' all »:=f-t and shapes: cheap.
Otl tasks ;.- -. :. gal*, to '¦ - •> gals, capa-
city on hand; wTit» for prices).
BdTers— plenty of -tea- stacked so clcse ta«y
are having youss «w.<i.
IT y^u Titnat buy seccn£-\a3d estefcinery. gT**
ca a trial; costs you notniajr fsr "locli **•**;
we'll not corr*pt ynur moraU: w* tak* yemr
money an.l Irwk. pl^a;«ant.
H. S. WHrr^ irA»-HIN-E3lT CO..
All ov?r E*aU? st. Saa Franc.^ct*.
A— THE (P. S. Co.i Calirornia virsia said
wsdiiifli rings for sa!» ty th* PORTLAND 1
JEWELRY 'JO.. 25 StockUn st
TANK, wlmirnin frarre tad ti«,p water pump
far sal* cheap. Apply S. SMITH, »X> Tiilrty-
thirt a»e. Scuth.
CHOICE *t Bo»ti:n musical* or Ctrartots slid*
trcmbena. i 1 - <• new. at ' v-« than r.aif
price. 7O y.A i ¦: st. "weend Soot.
OSTRICH pfuraes \t manufxetUT^r^' cr".e»**:
this w»ek nnly. Fl^ur >J>» t,:» MlUlnery. *¦».
MoAlUster st
FOUR Irish warcr spsrsi?l rtrps. 2'-» Tar-vx^M
oI-J. fur sale. 1221 Oreea St.. between Hyd*
an<J Larkia.
BE5T pisr^'ns cf lea-ii-:? varieties. Gleamore
Pig-rs Left*. Fourth aad inKfra avwa., fc3aa-
hurst
THOROrOHSRZtV Ir.3h wat^r »uani»t deg*
for «a>: » month* oiii I>J23 Ualon st.
Oakiasd.
•j .-.¦ i:.-» engines: 4-h.p. marine, ccaiplete: +-"..
p.. 4 cylinder aut> ersgia*: lil-h.p. ZeaitS
stationary; 2t)-h.p. Otta distillate. S2JI Hir*''l
FOR sale — N«w McDowell system. cofu;.l*tg;
lesson* m using fret $1IX I*.'-* Ca'.f r-1*
at. near Larkia.
FOR sale, cheap — 1 4-hp. fa* esgia* la per-
fect order; eaa b* seen at work daily at 317S
Seventeenth st. aear Howard.
REPUTABLE slace ti> rent geatsT full dre**,
Tux»do or Prtnc* Albert suita. J. COOPEil.
21 Stockton st ¦ formerly at Palac* HocalX.
TRY our men's sho*s> at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot-fora shoes at $2 SO; wo pay •npres*
charges. 11 M at.. Exam. bid. : catalog free.
DlAMONDa aad Jew*!ry on small weekly •»
cioothly payments. PER?: VSR' 3. 137 Uzsa-
gemery st. room 12. upstairs.
NETV gasoline and steaai •r.gtnw trr Iaancfie*
and \.~ *. less thaa half cost 2129 Eact*
av-.. Alameda.
TO **.'. a number of oil paiatlngs and cushion
tcps: burnt work. Address ltXIti Fifty-eigstS
st. Oakland.
BEST stump pu!!*r made can be seea ac VXS
Wool3ey at. South Berkeley.
PRINTERS — *-i m«iium Ourlcn. $SS: bt* bar-
gaia; call thi3 w«t HOAG. li> 3t«vea*oa.
REGISTERED, petilgr^ed cclTie bUch and pop*
for sa> cheap. 374 Precita av».. nr. Karr.scn
"WHEELER A WILSON snwia* Biachla*, near-
ly new. cheap. 1571 Fifteenth st
RETIRING frcm busiaes* — Aag-rra aad Siam-
ese cats aad kittens. 537 e::.j st.
FOR aaie— Fin* Holsteia cow: rich =iili. I Hal-
loway. cpp. lr.-i\ »?. .•? Coursing P trie.
HORSE, cart and harrwss: a barzaia: tt wiU
trade for cow. l*o«* ~..r. : i. cor. 2tlta.
FOR sale — California, motcr bicycl* cheaa. 327
Jones st* Oakland.
A VERY small turns female montoy. 3QX
Ed.iy at.
RICHARDStON silks at 3* Gmv* st
FOR sale — T*»-> \ :r-r. -¦>¦'.* mattresa**: also
oil heater: cheap. -»T H v !.; st
FOR sale^ — Cheap; complete puachisf ba* out-
fit 333 T.ii.7 at.
BABT buggy f-;r sale: v=»ry nice; *2y day. 12
t» 2 D.m. 112H Turic st.
EULL pups f:r sale cheap. 13L4A Hjwanl
street
5x7 LONG focus Pr-rao. trtpoO. plat* herders,
carrytag case. 2123 FUiracr* st.
CROCHET bedspread. Flat L 153 Tfcharna
street
FINE porcelain SVfaat bath rua. 212 Fuur-Ji
•treet
GOOD bilte. chaap. 1314 MUvta st. East
Berkeley.
S3 — SINGER sewing machine fbr sal*; ta good
wcrkiag order. SlS E!lj st.
AUTOMATIC shotgun %r sale: taiT price.
CURR.VN, Chronicle bid*.
MASQUERADE salts aad wijs t:r sal* cheap.
2414 Sacramento «t
COMBINATION baby's buggy: coat KS: sc*I
$<t. 13 Metrcsolitaa av*., oS Eighth sc
WANTED — Tr> sell two ladies' bicyc!** ca*ap.
Address Ma MIZ LEE. 3 Martha plac«, etty.
FOR «*.:• cheas — A naw i n.r.j. 14X11. as 32S
Twelfth «t. *«_ -.
NE"W caA MOtasj bed fjr ¦•>:•; half prtc*.
Box 3172. Call offic*.
FOR iX-~. — • y >¦» rang», bed. chaira aad s*wia«
mach'ne. Call 3U Eddy. M.R3. GR2EX.
Eo* you want gtjo<t jew»irv cheap try th* MU-
ton Jewelry Co.. 237 Stx£i »t.
GOOD buggy for sale. 2=3 Douglass st. aear
Eighteenth.
BA3Y buggy tzr sal*: good condition; reason-
abl«*. 12U Wasfcisxtsn av».
FOR sale — Graphophcs* aad raccrtia. 943 U>
AKist«r *t.
FOR sale, cheap, four purs f3X terrier puppi**.
Call at 529 Ercadway. ; :: : j. a
ELASTIC stockings $2; factory 107 OryumB,
rsmeved frcm 40 Ellis. J. W. HOPEWSXO.
BARGAIN3 ta 23-haad easa register*. Includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed: Una*. It Tarh at.
SAFE'S and desks, prices right, ax Rtchardaoa
Bros.. 123-123 New Montgomery, ts. Misatoa.
Wml!paB«r. Z-i:: paint. $1 rat: parnriny. wait,
cninff. Mertzao. U<:2 Webster: t*L3t*iner 1871
2D-HAND bids, mater-al: .lumber, doer. saaa.
prumb. material. The Doiaa Ca.. 1307 Mrkt.
pi *¦*- Iin* of dmmzMrs* aansptesi la f.'^f* aad
trunks: far sal* ehea? at 23 3taek!aa ea.
AN e!egast sealskta tzr sale for $73. S3-
CURITY LOAN A TRU3T Ca. V. 3tacatca.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50: tarma $3 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 133 Mantgom«ry st.
SLOT machine*, all kinds: laweat prises Call or
wrtt* CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 3acram*Bta.
FINS diamond sunburst: 7 Urzs> eta&ea; a
targaia; «35Q. 10 gixta k.
ROOM3 papered. $4 up: ttatin*. patttisf.
* Hartaaaa Palat Ov. 313 Talrd; teL^'i^ *1X
DE3K3 bought sold aad exchaagsd. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. <<T7 Misstep at. : tat. 3oaO <U.
FO3 sal*— First-class new ortcsa. Apply DR.
C C gPOSyiU. 1C2IH Maritt st.
SAFES and casa rttVtar*. oew ma& fccqit-
band. L FREEMAN. 1323 Mari't it.
MOVING pictur**. magic Iant*rr*a. sal*, rncal;
bargaiaa Bollard * Breck. 131 Post at.
SATtv* — S«w and secend-haad. TBS H23-
MANN SATE Ca. 307 Battery i-
OASOLTNX esfines, aatcsiobties and 'aaaca**;
all sl2*a. J. E. COAX. 44 Frsssest st
A WESK'3 aew* for » ceats— Tie W**aiy C*.'L
IK cage*, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 p*ry*ar.
jCnfTT.T.iTgnm VAJTT&
AA BUY any amount good 2d-haail Udiesf A
men* clothes. 922 Fclocm; taL Folama 3332.
w\NTEB— A atylisS carriaje taaas, U b IS
ha*nia hish. weigh: U2O ta 12CO paasds;
msst b* pertactly sound and thorou^iiy
- fcrcken; fcr private use. Boa 3CST. CaO.
ETAMCNDS aad predcu* stones bortga« Cor
cash. KARL EBSK * CO.. room 40dL Ad-
ams bids.. 2G6 Kaarsj «t : pass* BUck 303*
W WTJX — To £*X7 ?»a 3 Eastaua faMlaf
p«ck*t ksdaxs at reasc&abl* pries. Box
afetf. Call offic*.
W \NTED — Buy leveling traasit cmah: swcuiul
biUi.t. W. =. SAMPSON. 1227 Chestnut St..
Oakland-
WANTED— Set of Cea«ry iictlimarie*; ten
valanars:. full Morocco. Box 201«. CiU.
GET rich quick contract* collected and betMrat;
aattefactiua S**aranteed. Box 33XS, Call.
for Additional Cla*stfieA Adv-crrJ*©-
mencs S«e Psee Forty-EIjiat.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY,, OCTOBER 16, 1004.
48
BOOMS TO LET — Turn, sad. TJnfora.
HAIGHT, 136 — Furnished room.
HAIOHT. 239— Rooms to let
HAIGHT. 371 — Furnished rooms to let.
HAIGHT. 391 — Furnished room, with or with-
out board; reasonable; first-class neighbor-
hood: references.
HAIGHT. SS2 — An elegantly furnished room for
one or two gentlemen.
HAMPTON place. 17 — Front room; furnished;
sunny; reasonable.
HAMPTON place. 18 — Furnished rooms; cen-
tral; quiet
HAMPTON place, 20 — Furnished rooms; quiet
and central.
HARRISON, 600^ — Sunny front rooms.
HARRISON. 6<H) — Furnished room; runninc
water, gas; $7; call evenings.
HARRISON. 1121— Nice sunny front room.
HARRISON. 1180— Inslds furnished to 1st.
HARRISON. 1191%— Nicely furnished room,
HARRISON. 1714— Furnished room.
HAWTHORNE. 8— Nlcs furnished room*.
HAWTHORNE. 8— Furnished rooms.
HAWTHORNE. 8 — Sunny furnished rooms.
HAYES. 138. corner Van Ness avs. — Largs.
sunny rooms, suitable for gentlemen; $10.
HAYES. 216—2 nicely furnished rooms to let.
HAYES. 844—2 nicely furnished room* to 1st.
HAYES. 467 — Furnished room to let.
HAYES. 458 — Two large, sunny unfurnished,
rooms to let
HAYES, 614 — Sunny furnished room; bath and
gas.
HAYES, 586 — Furnished room.
HAYES. 617 — Furnished front room; reason-
able.
HICKORY avs., 251 — Furnished rooms to 1st.
HICKORY avs., 604— Room to let
HOLLI3. 4 — Sunny front room to 1st
HOPETON Terrace, 7 — Large sunny frost
room to let.
HOWARD. 715— Largs sunny rooms at loir
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 weak.
HOWARD. 719%— Room to let
HOWARD, 719%— Room to let
HOWARD. 719%— Rooms to let
ROOMER wanted. 720 Howard st
HOWARD, 737%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms to let from $1 50 up.
HOWARD. 734 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 76OA — Furnished rooms to 1st.
HOWARD. 761 %— Nicely furnished double and
single rooms.
HOWARD. 914 — A front room.
HOWARD, 914 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 916 — Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD. 1042^ — Furnished sunny front room.
HOWARD. 1042 — Sunny front room; larg*
closet
HOWARD. 1100— Furnished rooms to 1st.
HOWARD. 1355— Rooms to let
HOWARD, 1604 — Room to let
HOWARD, 1772 — One furnished hay-window
room.
HOWARD. 2016 — Sunny furn. room; suitable
for 1 or 2 persons; privilege of light hskpg.
HOWARD, 2031 — Sunny room to let
HOWARD, 2953 — Sunny room to let.
HYDE. 240 — Furnished rooms to let
HYDE. 739 — Furnished rooms to let
HYDE. 847 — Housekeeping rooms; furn!sbe4
or unfurnished.
HYDE. 11(» — Furnished rooms.
HYDE, 1549 — Rooms to let.
HYDE. 1713 — Furnished rooms.
IVY ave.. 258 — Furnished rooms to 1st
JACKSON. 827 — Sunny front room to 1st.
JACKSON, 1013— Room to let; privats famflr.
JESSIE. 811% — Furnished room.
JESSIE. 333 — Fins furnished rooms to Iat.
JESSIE, 363. east U. S. Mint — Furnished room
for two gents; two beds; $10 a month.
JONES, 819 — Nicely furnished rooms to 1st.
JONES, 373 — Nicely furnished room.
JONES, 520— Furnished rooms.
JONES, 520 — Furnished rooms.
JONES. *7 — A sunny newly furnished room!
phone Larkln 4125; running water.
JONES. 1404 — For single men. with references.
2 fine eunny rooms; marine view; hilltop;
cars at door.
JONES. 1801 — Large furnished or unfurnished
rooms in comfortable house; sunny exposure.
KEARNY, 215 — Front room; first floor; suit-
able for office or bedroom. - * -
KEARNY. 305, cor. Bush — Nicely furnished
rooms, douole and single and bath, at rea-
scnable prices. .J: +-_. ].
KEARNY. 405 — Furnlahed rooms to let
KEARNY. 628— Rooms to let. furnished.
NICOLS. . _^
KENTUCKY. 1538— Room to let
KISSLING. 12— Furnished rooms to 1st
LAFAYETTE. 41 — Furnished rooms.
LAGUNA. 743— Furnished room. "
LARKIN, 327%— Elegantly furnished rooms to
let ,
LARKXN. 715 — Nlcjs sunny furnished rooms.
LARKINT 13C9— Furnished room.
LARKIN, 1309 — Furnished front room.
LARKIN. 1309— Furnished rooms tt> let
LARKIN. 1503— Two sunny furnished rooms
in top - flat '
LASKIE, 27. off Mission — Furnished rooms for
rent: reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 1025— Rooms to let.
LILY ave.. 25— Sunny room.
LILY ave., 112— Sunny furnished room.
LILY < ave., 112 — Front room furnUWC
[ BOOMS TO IET— rnrn. and TJnfnrn.
BUSH, 788 — Sunny furnished room. : - .
BUSH. 1008-^Furnlsbed room. p
BUSII. 1016— Furnished rooms. Apply In the
forenoon. ,
BUSH, 1257— Unfurnished room for house-
keeping. ;
BUSH. 1255— Furnished room In private fam-
ily; suitable for gentleman.
BUSH. 1582— Sunny furnished room.
B, 628, Richmond .District — Furnished room.
CALIFORNIA. 606— Rooms to let
, — .
! CALIFORNIA, 706— Rooms to let.
CALIFORNIA, 1510— Nicely furnished room;
gentlemen preferred.
CALIFORNIA. 1247— Large well furnished
room for gentleman; reasonable; private.
ROOMER wanted. 32% CarmeUlfk street
CARMELLITA. 72%— Rooms to let
CASTRO. 421 — Furnished room. ' -
CEDAR avs.. 113 — Front room to let
CENTRAL ave., 811— Furnished room.
CHESLEY. 32 — Four nice rooms to let
CHESTNUT. 266. North Beach — One sunny
• room.
CLAY. 1023 — Furnlihed rooms. /
CLAY. 1104 — A sunny furnished room. I
CLEMENT, 236 — Furnished rooms.
ROOMS to 1st. Apply at 44 Clementina st
CLEMENTINA, 138— Furnished rooms. ¦'
CLEMENTINA, 426, bet Fifth and Sixth-
Sunny furnished front room; $1 50 per week.
CLEMENTINA. 426 — Sunny front room.
CLEMENTINA, 435%— A single room.
CLAY. 1208— Room to let; gas and bath.
CLAY. 1250— Large back room to let. \\
CLEMENTINA. 463— Furnished rooms to Iat
WANTED— A lady to take a room In newly
furnished flat; rent reasonable to the right
party; use of kitchen If ¦ preferred. 83 Col-
llngwood st. cor. Eighteenth.
CUMBERLAND, 96 — Furnished room to let
PKVIBADERO. 1801A— Sunny furnished room.
DEVISADERO. 1311— Sunny front room; sult-
able for 2 men: private.
DEVISADERO, 1311— Front furnished room;
suitable for one or two gentlemen; gas; bath.
DORE. 329 — Ttetn rooms to let.
DUPONT. 1519— Room to let.
EDDY, 8 — Fltie gore corner; nice furnished
rooms by day, week or month.
EDDY. 11 — Large front room, also other
rooms; $1 per week up.
EDDY, 110 — Launston — Opp. Tlvoll; fine fur-
nished rooms for transients; reas. rates.
EDDY. 432 — Nice furnished room; good loca-
tion; use of phone.
EDDY, 457 — Nicely furnished front room; suit-
able for two ¦
EDDY. 457 — Large nicely furnished front par-
lor, suitable for two.
EDDY, -494— Large, sunny corner bay-window
- room In private flat
EDDY, 502— Furnished rooms.
EDDY, 826 — Large, nicely furnished pleasant
back room; suitable for 2; $7.
EDDY, 888 — One large room for 2 or 3 gentle-
men; reasonable.
EDDY, 888 — Rooms to 1st; reasonable.
EDDY. 1222— Room to let
EDDY, 1233 — Furnished room.
EDDY, 1252 — Furnished room to let
EDDY, 1355 — Furnished room; suitable for
lady; private family.
EDDY, 1928 — Sunny furnished rooms to let.
EIGHTH ave., 674, near Park— 2 eunny bay-
window rooms & 3 sunny unfurnished rooms.
EIGHTEENTH. 4064— Furnished room to let
ELIZABETH, 818 — Furnished rooms to let
ELLIS, 413, near Jonee— Front furnished
room.
ELLIS 415, near Jones — Sunny furnished room
to let
ELLIS, 416 — Nicely furnished rooms to let
ELLIS, 416— Pleasant furnished room.
ELLIS. 450 — Fine cheap suites to let
ELLIS. 685 — Front alcove room;, bay windows;
newly, papered and cleaned; well furnished;
also inside room ; see them.
ELLIS, 726 — Furnished rooms to let
ELLIS, 732 — Furnished rooms to let
ELI-IS. 7S2. the Floyd— Elegantly furnished
sunny rooms; suite or single. . -
ELLI8. 827— Sunny furnished room to let
with hot and cold water.
ELLIS. 830— Finely furnished reom In privats
family; rent reasonable.
ELLIS. 866, near Van Ness — Elegantly fur-
nished front room; suitable for 2 gentlemen;
rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 1174— Single .room; home board; re-
' fined young man; $20.
ELLIS, 1227 — Furnished room.
ELLIS. 1229 — Sunny furnished room.
ELLIS, 1436 — Sunny rooms, cozy corner, with
or without board; terras reasonable; private
family. x
ELLIS, 1504 — Nicely furnished rooms to. let
ELLIS. 1827— Furnished room to let
ELLIS. 1885 — Furnished room; sunny.
ELLIS. 1885 — Large furnished room; bath;
nice family; no other roomers; $6. /
ELM. ave., 307 — Light basement, level with
the ground. .
FELL, 174— Single room; $7. .
FELL. 174 — Furnished rooms.:
FELL, 252 — Comfortable, furnished bedroom;
for gentleman only; private family. Call Sun-
day. ¦ ' -
FELL, 731 — Rooms to let
FELL. 937 — Elegantly furnished housekeeping
rooms; no sign. :-•.-; ,:
FELL,' ' 988 — Furnished ¦ rooms.
FELL, 1608 — Hall. bedroom; very sunny.
FIFTH. 33 — Furnished rooms to let
FIFTH. 100 — Furnished rooms .to let
FIFTH, 126 — Furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH, 827 — Largs sunny front room.
' \ BOOMS POS HOTJSEKEEPIirq — Con-
j OCTAVIA. 1232— Sunny housekeeping suite in
r modern flat; adults; hot baths.
O'FARRELL, 1127— Front double parlor; run-
ning water; light housekeeping; dining-room
or kitchen.
O'FARRELL. 1395— Nicely furnished, bay-wln-
l dow suite for housekeeping. ¦
t PAGE. 1630— Parlor suite, gas grate, closet.
| lavatory, kitchen; also furnished and unfur-
nished rooms.
PINE. 923— Will give part reduced rent for
answering bell; housekeeping rooms.
PINE. 1009 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping. -
POLK, 836, cor. McAllister— Large front room
and small cooking place for light house-
keeping.
PORTOLA^78, off Waller, bet. Steinsr and
Pierce — Two sunny rooms for housekeeping.
POrfT. 0C2— Largs sunny front suite, gas. water,
etc.; $20; rear suite $10 month.
POST, 905 — Sunny housekeeping room: $10.
POWELL, 817 — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
POWELL, 818— Thrss furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
POWELL. 1106 — Three housekeeping rooms.
RAUSCH, S5, near Folsom — One large room
for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 1514— Parlor floor, 5 elegantly
( furnished sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SCOTT. 300. cor. Page — Newly furnished
housekeeping rooms, 2, 3 or 4; sunny.
SECOND, 190— in private family; 2 or S house-
keeping rooms, complete.
SECOND. 434— Three nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 125— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping? also slngls.
SIXTENTH, 3077— Two nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; reasonable.
SIXTH ave.. 314 — 2 or 3 sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
SUNNY housekeeping rooms; also room for two
gentlemen. Apply at 253 Sixth st. (store).
SUTTER, 801, near Leavenworth— 2 front con-
necting rooms, complete for hskpg.; reas.
; ft
TAYLOR. 240— Housekeeping rooms to let.
$12— TEHAMA, 478. near Sixth— Three rooms
complete for housekeeping; no children.
THIRD, 314— Parlor suite $12; 1 room $10;
front side room $7; no Sunday applications.
THIRD, 440— Nice housekeeping rooms to let.
THIRD. 444%— Housekeeping rooms to 1st
TURK. 824— Large, nicely furnished sunny
room, with use of kitchen and laundry; largs
sunny yard; gas, bath and fuel; $16.
TURK, 824 — 2 large sunny unfur. front con-
nectlng rms; run. water, gas, bath, tel.; $20.
TURK, 1159 — Nice furnished housekeeping
rooms in new flat; reasonable. . •
TURK, 1218 — Nice large room for one or two;
light housekeeping permitted.
TWELFTH. 145— Furnished suites of 2 and 3
rooms for housekeeping
UTAH. 638. east of Bryant— Large bsement
furnished; newly painted, gas, sink, toilet,
hot and cold water, cheap.
VICKSBURG, 8, nr. 22d— Two furnished house-
keeping rooms; front room and regular klt-
- chen; rent $12. ,
WALLER. 661. phone page 1750— Front sunny
room; porcelain bath; housekeeping privilege.
APABTMCTT gQITBBS.
EL DRISCO APARTMENTS. 2901 Pacific ave.;
4 and 5 rooms, unfurnished or furnished;
dinners will be served In the, grill for the
accommodation of guests.
A — CHESTERFIELD, 637 Bush — New. modern
house; "8-4 room apts.; fur. or unfur. ; reas.
BT. LOUIS. 1675 Jackson — Marine view; 8-4-1
rooms; furn. or nnfur.; refs. Tel. East 1360.
800KS TO I.ET— rnrn. aafl Vntnrn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 35 8UITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 60 TO $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS, 76c TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
A8HWORTH 'HOTEL.
820 Mason st, bet Geary and OTarrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just comDleted: entire house
newly renovated: sun In rooms all day.
A SPLENDID place for gentlemen and fam-
ilies where they may enjoy the luxuries of
modern apartments at very moderate prices.
The Newton, NE. cor. Market and Larkln.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market et (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c, $1, $1 50 night;
. $1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
A— NEW ARLINGTON, 1016 Market — Nice
furnished rooms; $2 week up; 50c day up;
parlor.
A SUNNY furnished room in the Mission.
Box 2750. Call office.
A PLEASANT room to let In Alameda. Ad-
dress MRS. PRICE. P. P.. Alameda.
ALBION ave., .43— Large bay-window room;
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
ALBION ave., 43, between Fifteenth and Slx-
teenth sts. — Furnished room.
ALICE, 4 — Neat furnished rooms.
ARMY. 8426— Furnished rooms.
ARMY. 8974— A nicely furnished room to let.
ASH ave.. 114— Sunny room.
AUSTIN ave., 112. off Polk st-r-Thre* sunny
housekeeping rooms for rent
UELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrlo i
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 60c per night; $1 25 to $3 week, j
BARTLETT, 220— Rooms to let j
BARTLETT. 424— A sunny furnished room.
BELCHER, 48 — One sunny furnished room;
rent reasonable.
BROADWAY. 1314— Furnished rooms..
BRODERICK, 1433— Nine rooms to let '. » '
BRODERICK, 1611. bet. Butter and Bush—
A front bedroom to rent.
BRYANT, 840— Furnished rooms.
BRYANT, 626— A room to 1st.
BRYANT. 636 — Sunny room to let
BRYANT. 559 1-3— Furnished rooms to 1st
BRYANT, 841— One sunny furnished room.
BRYANT. 1008— Furnished room to let.
BRYANT. 1008— Furnished rooms.
BRYANT. 1016— Furnished room*.
BRYANT. 1016— Furnished rooms.
BRYANT. 1036— Furnished rooms.
BRYANT. 2B17— Sunny front room.
BUCHANAN. 1236— Nice furnished room to
' Iat - '¦ • ' .-¦¦-¦.:. -¦¦•'-; , - .
BUCHANAN. 1324— Furnished room to' let *
BUSH, 2913%--Front room to let
BUSH. 779— Nicely furnished rooms.
BOOMS TO IET — Turn, and TTnfnxn.
FIFTH. 403— Nicely furnished room.
FD7TH. 411— Sunny lront room. .
FIFTH ave. South. 1139 — Rooms to let
FIFTH ave. South. 125» — Rooms to let -i^.,.
FIFTEENTH, 1571— Newly furnished room;
light and sunny.
FIFTEENTH. 1862— Furnished rooms to let
FILBERT. 327— Rooms to let
FILBERT, 868 — One sunny furnished room;
rent $5. V '
FILLMORE, 923, near McAllister— 2 nice fur- '
nlshed rooms for couple or lady*
FILLMORE, 925— One furnished room for
lady; reasonable.
FILLMORE, 1100^ — Sunny front room.
FILLMORE. 1940— Room to 1st
FILLMORE, 2012% — Furnished room to let
FINELY furnlshed\ rooms In private family;
references given and required. Box 3153. Call.
FIRST, 319 — Furnished rooms to let; $6 and $S.
FIVE rooms to let Corner Sixteenth and
Landers. .
FOLSOM avs.. 1SB — Furnished room to let
FOLSOM. 646— Nicely furnished room.
FOLSOM, 008. cor. Second (Aurora) — Nicely
fumi3hed sunny rooms; running water, elec-
tric light; $1 50 week up.
FOLSOM, 731 — Room for rent
FOLSOM, 850 — Two furnished rooms for gen-
tlemen; reasonable.
FOLSOM. SCI— Three- furnished rooms for
gents; cheap.
FOLSOM, 2848— Furnished room to let
SUNNY hall room; gas and bath; $6. 1266
Folsom st.
FOURTH. 114 — Rooms to rent
FOURTH. 206— Furnished rooms to let; $1 up.
FOURTH, 310^ — Furnished rooms.
FOURTH avs., 238 — Rooms to let
FRANCISCO, 421 — Furnished room.
FRANKLIN. 20% — Single, furnished room In
private family, with bath; with or without
board; rent $5.
FRANKLIN. 721 — Sunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences.
FRANKLIN, 1479 — Sunny room to let
FREDERICK, 657 — Furnished rooms to 1st
FULTON, 224 — Furnished room.
FULTON, 226— A sunny room to let
FULTON, 430B — Small furnished room; suit-
able for a gentleman.
FULTON, 636 — Furnished room to let
FULTON, 2173 — Furnished room for rent; 1
block from Golden Gate Park.
FURNISHED room to let Box 3162. Call
office.
FURNISHED room to let; Western Addition;
no other roomers; $6. Box 3071, Call office.
FURNISHED room to let; private Jewish fam-
lly. Box 3032, Call office. ,
GEARY, 376 — Suites and singles.
GEARY, 584 — Elegantly furnished, eunny
front room, gas and electric light; central
location.
GEARY. 756 — Furnished. rooms.
GEARY. 675 — Room to let; $8.
GEARY, 788 — Sunny rooms.
GEARY, 821 — One large sunny room.
GEARY. 928— Rooms to let
GEARY. 936 — Nicely furnished room.
QEARY. 1062— Rooms to let
GEARY. 1141— Room to let
GEARY, 1143 — Newly and attractively fur-
nished rooms; all sunny, bath, phone; run-
ning water; reasonable.
GEARY, 1348 — Nice sunny large elegant room:
grate, bath, phone; all conv.; private: reas.
GEARY, 1499 — Furnished room.
GEARY, 1512— Sunny room In private family;
board If desired.
GEARY. 1529 — Furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE ave. 130^ — Furnished rooms to
let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311 — Large nicely fur-
nlshed front room; suitable for two.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 641 — Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 718 — Room to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 817%— Room to let
GOLDEN GATE *ve., 817%— Front bedroom,
single, with or without board.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 845 — Pleasant furnished
rooms; $7 up; modern.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1006 — Sunny room,
running water, phone, grate and bath, with
use of piano. •
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1180— Furnished room
in private family. : -. -..¦:¦
XO let — Furnished rooms reasonable. Apply
120B Golden Gate ave.
GOUGH, 213 — Furnished rooms.
GOUGH. 723 — Furnished room. I
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 60 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite, also single rooms; $2 to $7 week.
GRANT ave., 8 — Nice room to let
GRANT ave.. Ill, "The Astoria" — Downtown;
pretty rooms; $1 per day; week. $3 up.
GREEN, 421 — Sunny front room to let
GREEN, 622— Furnished rooms.
GREEN, 723 — Room to let
GREENWICH, 811— Furnished room.
GREENWICH. 861%— Single furnished front
room; private family; bath and all 'con-
veniences.
GREENWICH. 914— Sunny well furnished front
'room.
GREENWICH. 1929 — Larze unfurnished room.
GREENWICH, 1029— Large unfurnished room!
GROVE. 116 — Room to rent
GROVE. 131— Room to let . .
GROVE. 622— Furnished room to let
GROVE. 1519— Room to let.
GUERRERO, 1010— Unfurnished, room to let
HAIGHT. 55— Sunny room to let
HAIGHT. «0— Sunny room to 1st. •
SOSCrLLAyEOPS WAirrS — Continued. ;
Ct'AXTED — Foidinp go-cart: cheap. Address
box 14:j0. Call office. Oakland.
WA.VTKD— A unall Spitz dog. Address box
:rCl. Call cfSro.
WANTED — A brown Leghorn rocster. 99 Cas-
se I II aw.
vr WTEI 1 — Coal stove; state make and price.
Box 2SS4. Call office.
VAICTED — To buy a lot of second-hand !
wooden decoys. O. BILLHTER. S232 l.Sth. j
T.;*i COUPLES to attend indoor picnic at Wash- j
ingto.i-eijuare hall. Sunday evening. Oct. It,. I
W^ NTED — The use of a piano for storage.
Oox ioI3. Call office.
HIGHEST prices for ladles'. gents' castoff cloth-
lng.,etc. Tel. Davis 825: 650 Sacramento st
WANTED — White curly-haired -log; thor-
cught>red. W.. Central ave., Alameda.
(PANTED — To lease morning paper route. Box
i:CfJ?. Call office.
HIGHEST prices pa'd; pent*' casteff clcthlog
and shoes Tel. Red 1544. «!IS Washington st.
TILTON w«nt* pood second-hand clothing tirf
theatrical good* 154 3th St.: tel. Je«sl> 2X31.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ITmanhaTTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
. ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
". ... INTEREST SH and « per cent
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
' PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies,
estates In probate, undivided interests in
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
t-cnci. lejacles and undivided interest* in
property purchaeed.
..„ MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
EaUe loT-108 Crocker bldg. : phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
C01-602-«>03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing dlrecUy.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided lnter-
«-rts. assignments of rents, property in trust
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When Ycu Need Money,
Pee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reafcor.able amount on
1st 2d or 3d
Sforteaee. en real estate or
Chattels, tn city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people wthout secur-
ity or indorsement knowledge cl employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment; j
call end get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldgj
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest .rates: no «
removal; no publicity: also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 3*.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
646 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 48
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg."
YOUNG & CO.. room 537 Parrott bldg.. loan
money en furniture, pianos, etc.. at about
half the rate charged by other people: mort-
gages at h!ph rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
tiear Market.
Loans en furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 ur. without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co.. CO Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 907 Market st
LOANS FROM *1 TO $10,000.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.; cut rat*. Cal. Lean Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity: $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery et.. rm. 2L
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed rotes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, stiver.
diamonds, pearl* and precious stones bought
at W. 3. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st.
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc. at
2 per cent per month.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Back bldg.
MONET loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry,
eonfd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
6TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
en.pioyes. Room 311. Mutual Saw Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
8 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
co com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st j
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without |
Indonstr. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building, j
MONET WAJTTEP.
WANTED to borrow $100 for 60 days; good se-
curity. Box 2614. Call office.
aarpsTCAi. rBrsTB.UMjLia'rs.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mussard— Small upright, fine order.
Fischer— Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling— Mahogany case; used 1 year.
chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber— Mahogany cai*e, 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up: easy payments: all guaranteed.
DENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OTarrell st
AT 52 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes -In us«d Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here,
¦WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on ScoU-Curtar Piano Co.. 560-62-64
Hayes et.: teL Fell S76L
SIMPLEX piano players, like new; former
price. $250; now $135. 763 Market St., sec-
ond floor.
FOR 6ale — Manner piano, $150; no reasonable
offer refused. Box 2713. Call office.
FINE mahogany upright; former price, $350;
now $1."»S. T69 Market st. Second floor.
LARGEST else upright piano in fine condition;
$100. 769 Market St.. second floor.
PIANO for sale- 214 Thirteenth avs.
$17 SO-rDUNHAM equare piano; a bargain.
25C9 Van Ness ave.
KLEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
3C1 Eddy st.
FOR eale— Second-hand piano, $80 998 Howard
st. cor. Sixth.
W MATI?.~3S r ? C ft O °. < 't Sqaare PtaP °*- BTR ° N
$30—UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
A s5d?tg Tci ' ;r;rt>right »
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy piano*. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Port st
NEW upright pianos sold on S5 monthly pay-
raents. SCHMITZ A CO.. U McAllister st
3-PEDAL Ste'.nway up; Chlckerfng baby grand-
Shonlr.ger, little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.'
OmCIS AJTP STOKES TO LgT.
FOR rent — New modern store; best location in
city; hat and gents' furnishing More; must
be good, responsible people. Address stating
references, box 144C. Call office, Oakland.
KLEGANT offices: new Italian- American Bask
bifig.. EE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto; licht and
gunny. G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgy.
KICEX«T furnished office room; airy, splendid
ll^ht; Janitor and telephone privileges (pri-
vate exchange). Apply 204 California st
llLLlS, 407— Large store; swell location; suit-
able halrdrerslnc parlor, barber shop, gen-
end business; alter to suit tenant
LARGE corner room: ninny: for office: on
fir*t floor. EDINBURGH, 233 Powell.
insiHAELE cf flees to let 2Ctf Kearny st
IjHPK room thean, In central, well-furnishea
office*. Kootn •'», 2iO Montgomery- st.
FINE store, with basement: lease. 1217
Stockton st. near Broadway.
1OK rent— Section of largs loft: light and airy
I- MINK. 1O!> New Montgomery st. 7th floor
PATilMTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence sollcit-
**¦ *CS Larkln «t. room 49; teL South 319.
!
; "REXRADIO."
European phonomenal "humanized Radium
healer successfully treats about 90 per cent
of all alleged "incurable" diseases. Beneflts
quick, often "Instant." First treatment
helps, or "free." Hours 2 to 7. 783% Mar-
ket and 1 Fourth st
"SUNDAYS" (also dally). 2 and 8 p. m.,
"free" public lecture and the "sick healed
In full view or audiences. At these unique
meetings the "totally" deaf have Instantly
P heard "whispers" the length of the hall. 30
feet; "deaf mute" heard and upoke; tho
¦ lame, paralytic, etc.. ran and "leaped," car- ,
; ryin- their "useless" canes or crutches on .
! Ihefr shoulder*, and numerous diseases have
, been promptly, wonderfully subdued, causing
Intense interest and sensation in the audi-
ences. Each treatment occupied but 3 to 10 |
s-?conds. "Come." see for yourself If all
this Is exaggeration or a grand reality.
Brim: any number of your "worst" sick
! cases and watch results. All ore speedily. ]
wonderfully Improved, but the easiest, quick- |
est results of all are "total deafness." "deaf I
rautes." "paralytics," etc., which are abso-
lutely "Incurable" by medicine, yet their j
Improvement by "humanized radium" Is a
mere "trifle." RADIUM HALL. 783% Market
and 1 Fourth st.
"REXRADIO" never prescribes medicine, and j
the only guarantee he will give Is that If
first treatment falls to help you It is abso-
lutely "free." Can anything be fairer?
"REXRADIO'S" very first treatment often
beneflts. but the Increase and permanence of
the benefit If possible, depends on a few
further daily treatments regularly taken.
"REXRADIO" indorsed by "city physician"
at public meeting. He said, "I saw him
greatly benefit several chronic cases In my
offices. I strongly recommend him." (Name
at offices.)
" 'REXRADIO' in only 8 seconds made my 30
S-ears' 'totally' deaf ear clearly hear distant
'whispered' sentences In view of audience.
Interview me." — Mr. B.. 632 Market office 11
" 'REXRADIO' quickly cured my large stom- J
ach 'cancer.' It soon dried up and was ab-
sorbed. Can't now see or feel slightest sign
of It. Am the most grateful man in city." —
H. C. Knott. 112 FelU
" 'REXRADIO' tn few seconds 'publicly*
quickened my long "paralyzed" limb; Instant-
ly I walked, ran and 'leaped' easily from
the floor. See me."— K. Hall. 17 4th. r. 5.
" 'REXRADIO'S' brief treatment subdued my
•heart" affection, palpitated violently, ir-
regularly, missing beats: now regular, nat-
ural, no missing beats."— J. Little. 201 Hyde.
"REXRADIO," before many. Including Mr.
Butler, representative of "S. F. Chronicle."
by one. brief treatment caused "deaf mute"
to clearly hear and Intelligibly speak sen-
tences and numerous words. Over 20 of audi-
ence each spoke to patient, who promptly
heard and repeated their words. * (Bring
tome "deaf mutes" Sunday .healing meeting.)
"REXRADIO" made a second "deaf mute"
beirin to hear and speak (precisely as In
above case) In a local "physician's" office.
"RUXRADIO'S" first short treatment marvel-
ously benefited the disabled limb of Mrs.
Bruce Lee (Lick House), well known to all
"Freemasons" as the honored widow of
Cal. "Grand Commander of Knights Tem-
plar." The limb was In a dangerous state,
greatly inflamed. Immensely swollen. First
treatment reduced -inflammation and swell-
Ing, and after the third the Inflammation '
was entirely gone and the limb of natural
size. REXRADIO presents this pleasing In-
cident to the fraternal notice of his brother
"Mason*. "
" 'REXRADIO'S' single treatment subdued
my 'locomotor ataxia,' 7 years 'bedfast' :
couldn't move limbs, stand, 'lifted' from and
into bed. Right away I moved legs freely,
rose from bed and "stood' unaided. No re-
lapse in weeks, still Improving. See me." —
Stuart, «92% Capp (rear).
"OSSIFIED'* lady. Joints firmly grown to^
gether. "Immovable." One treatment In-
stantly Joints freed, moved naturally. Years
"bedfast." helpless, lifted from, into bed.
Now rose unaided, seated herself in chair.
Can now cook. etc.. still Improving. Wishes
to see you. — Mrs. Knowles, 379 Bartlett.
" 'REXRADIO" went with me see sadly af-
flicted 'bedfast' man, full of pain, helpless,
couldn't rise from bed or move limbs several
years. I saw the (one) treatment and pa-
tient astonished me by rising (unassisted)
from bed and walking; limbs had largely re-
gained normal power; severe pains suddenly
ceased. Chance was so great and quick It
seemed a dream." — I. Porter, 3460 20th st.
" •REXRADIO'S' one treatment Instantly
caused me to raise nearly powerless arm,
limb, ran, 'leaped' like boy (age 74). See me
at offices." ;
'" •REXRADIO' quickly restored my 'failing
sight.' Couldn't read large print, recognize
faces. Two treatments, read email print, rec-
ognized faces at 50 feet See me at offices.'*
" 'REXRADIO' speedily cured our dangerous
lung affection, removed severe general rheu-
matism, opened many years closed nostril,
straightened crooked rheumatic arm, dis-
persed large tumors, cured neuralgia, etc.
Get our 6 names at offices."
" 'REXRADIO' Instantly caused my 17 years
'totally' deaf ear to hear 'whisper* at 70
feet. Get name at offices."
" 'REXRADIO" shows piles of testimonials of
various diseases wonderfully helped. Names
[ of witnesses attached. Including hundreds of
1 best citizens, lawyers, financiers, property
; brokers, physicians, mine owners, capitalists,
! etc. Would they lend their reputable names
to "untruths?" Come, see this grand work
and form your "own" opinion. Rexradlo
courts the "light"
"REXRADIO'S" ads appear (daily) In all tho
great newspapers. Read them.
"REXRADIO" cordially invites you to .bring
your sick to his (to-day's) public free healing
meetlnr*. 2 and 8 p. m. Two entrances to
"Radium Hall," 783% Market and 1 4th et
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; atdrugglsts*. "hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1338 PolTc
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
tore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years: price 60c Manufactured solely
by ROW ELL & BROWN. 40 Turk st. S. F.
A reliable cure for superfluous hair, B. B. B.
English Caramel; $1 a treatment: free dem-~
onstration; keep skin smooth and beautiful;
prevent wrinkles by using our Skin Food;
60c Jar. Elite Dermatology Institute. 383 Mkt.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
s*ls. tapestry and moquette; chenille" curtain*
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St.. Oakland; take West 8th car.
GENTLEMAN, 25. small means, desires ac-
quaintance of lady; object matrimony. Box
S3O3, Call office,
CASH paid for short stories, song poems, mu-
sical comix- tit ions. AUTHOR'S MANU-
SCRIPT ASSN.. Dexter bldg.. Chicago. 111.
MARRIAGE paper; best; describes 275 ladles
gentlemen; 3 mos. 10c; fortune free; send
birth date. Elite. 75. box 162. Baltimore.
DUNLAP Institute of 50 Geary st. removed to
6 Eddy, room 58; hair and foot work our
specialty; superfluous hair removed.
HOFFHEIMER. formerly Cincinnati, late
Colonies, desires address Friends. Address
box 2877. Call office. ; Aua ™*
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab
18i»9. 2*22 Flllmore st; phone Geary 2053.
FREE, Egyptian facial treatment with Pyra-
mid perfumery this week only. 875 O'Far-
rell st
BEST on earth— Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured* $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant ave.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR "
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*. "*.-~. :
DR. Q. 8. MOORE. 832 OTsrrell st
AT lees than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS". London
Taller. 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. S4O Post st. near Powell.
DR. W. BOTSFORD has removed to 1584 Mar
ket et., cor. Larkln.
DH. W. BOTSFORD has removed to 1384 Mar.
ket St., cor. Larkln.
HATS trimmed and feathers colored. 749
Minna st.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary — Bust devel.. electrolysis, massage.
SUITS to order on Installments of tl per week.
XEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EASY installments for Men "and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt
$1 a. week: suits to order $13 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market ft. bet Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. OARIN. 188 Montgomery st
ONE Dollar- weekly keeps you in fine clothing"
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs. ;
Eaton. 369 8utter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, r. 38.
LADIES and gentlemen, yon will find beat *n'r
tonic in the world at 1810 Eutter st - .
PERSOtTAT,S — Oontlnnsd.
FOR men only; every man who Is* weak can
I add many years of happiness to his life by
using Cactus Cure; It cures all vital weak-
ness, nervous debility, atrophy, stricture,
varicocele. etc. by stimulating the blood
supply; it feeds and quickly builds up new
tissue; that's Cactus Cure; gives great vigor
to all men; an outwardly applied salve
which rejuvenates and permanently sustains;
one application proves Its merit; write for
free trial box or send 50c for $1 box. Cac-
tus Product Co.. 3C4 Slbley building. Phll-
adelphla. Pa.
I WANTED— All men with bowed, hollow or
'¦ crooked legs to send for our free Illustrated
1 booklet describing the Rhonemous Leg Im-
! ¦ prover (patented); can not be detected; made
j . of aluminum; so light you don't know you
have them on; correspondence confidential.
Consolidated Novelty Co.. 8prlngfield, Ohio,
A— MME. GILLINGHAM^
DERMATOLOGIST.
i Hm removed her parlors to 143 Stockton St.,
Union-square bldg., over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris, room 16. where she will continue
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes.
ROYALTY paid on song poems and musical
compositions ; we arrange and riopularize:
particulars free. PIONEER PUB: CO., 639
Baltimore bldg., Chicago. 111.
DB. W. BOTSFORD has removed to 1584 Mar.
ket St., cor. Larkln.
i TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERAGE costumes.' play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
. tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AITS SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th'. particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. v
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIlIl herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor-^All dls-
eases .cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Ciay st
BOOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 444 — Two or three sunny rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 1264 — Two large sunny rooms;
middle floor; use of laundry and larg* sunny
yard.
CAPP, 648 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
CHATTAJJOOGA. 139 — 2 housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. 475— Sunny housekeeping room; run-
nlnz water.
EIGHTEENTH, 3462. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished rooms; housekeeping; bath.
ELEVENTH ave. south., 1635—3 rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $10 per month.
ELGIN park. 64 — Double pnrlors; regular
kitchen; sunny; modern; adults.
EDDY, 743 — Floor of 4 furnished rooms; yard;
$27; 2 rooms, $15 and $21.
ELLIS. 664 — Newly furnished sunny front par-
lor, with new piano.
ELLIS, 695 — Parlor and kitchen, adjoining, for
housekeeping; aleo single room.
ELLIS, 836 — 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms to let: yard.
ELLIS. 836 — Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
FELL, 937— Elegantly furnished housekeeping
suite; gas range; sun all day; no signs.
FILBERT, 858 — Three housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
FILLMORE, 1219 — 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $12.
FIRST, 228, near Howard— 6 pleasant house-
keeping rooms; business location; cheap.
« _____ .
FOLSOM, 641 — Housekeeping room; rent $6.
FOLSOM, 757B — Furlnshed housekeeping
room.
FOLSOM, 834 — Single housekeeping rooms to
let
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single.
FRANKLIN. 1459. cor. Bush — Three furnished
basement rooms for housekeeping; rent $14.
GEARY. 1225 — Completely furnished room for
housekeeping;, sunny bay window; bath; ma-
* rlne view; also 3-room cottage; reasonable.
GEARY, 134S — Nice newly furnished suite of
rooms, furn. complete; hskpg; private; reas.
GEARY. 1959 — Two furnished rooms; house-
keeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 370 — Nicely furnished
front alcove, with kitchen; private home.
GOLDEN GATE, ave., 636— Sunny unfurnished
room. t $5.
GOLDEN GATE. 631 — Single sunny furnished
room; reasonable; good location.
GROVE si., near Buchanan — Large back par-
lor with use of kttchen, parlor and bath.
Inquire 1488 Market st, opposite Eighth, to-
day; references required.
GROVE. 635— Two housekeeping rooms.
HALF of new elegantly furnished flat; sepa-
rate bathroom; every convenience; overlook-
ing Panhandle: suitable for married couple.
Box 2C55. Call office. ¦
HARRISON, 748— $5, $6, $7, single and double
rooms; will permit housekeeping.
HAYES, 407 — Two furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping; private.
HAYES. 514 — Nicely furnished parlor suite,
bath and kitchen; gas stove.
HERMANN.ttl. oft Valencia— Two furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $12; 1 single room,
$7 60.
HILL, 7 — Two large, sunny, front baywlndow
rooms; unfurnished $10.
HOWARD 719%— Housekeeping rooms, also
furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 737%, Manila— Nice furnished rooms
for housekeeping; central and reasonable.
HOWARD, 1074 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 2016—2 fully furnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
JACKSON. 1023— Light housekeeping room to
let.
KENILWORTH. for. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAGUNA. 1507. cor. Geary— Elegant 3-room
sunny suite; modern; private family; reas.
LARKIN, 327% — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
LYON, 414, near Hayes, one block from park —
Three large sunny rooms and bath In upper
flat for light housekeeping.
MARKET, 1597 — Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MASON. 606— Furnished housekeeping rooms
and Biwrle rooms. ' ¦¦¦ .
MASON — 823 — Housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 328—2 housekeeping rooms; use oi
' parlor; reasonable; aad others.
MINNA. 646 — Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 951 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. r
MISSION, 954 — Furnished rooms j for ' house-
keeping.
MISSION. 1148 — 4- rooms complete for house-
keeping; reasonable.
MISSION. 1831, bet. 14th and 15th— Four sun-
ny rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION. 2130— Two rooms for housekeeping-
reasonable. ,
NATOMA, 654—2 large sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping. • $12.
NINETEENTH. 3401. cor. Valencia— Sunny
unfurnished bay-window room; use of kltch.
NOE. 4S3— Handsome parlor and kitchen; mod-
ern ; $20.
NORMANDY. 326 Eddy st-Housekeeping
rooms. , "
OAK GROVE ave.. 19. bet Fifth and Sixth
and Harrison and Bryant— Large front sun-
ny parlor, newly fitted up for housekeep-
lng. also others; gas, bath and laundry.
OAK. 117— Complete for .*• housekeeping. 15 to
112; gas range; hot bath; adults.' *Since then, the wife explained with
her fingers, she had supported her
self and their 10-year-old daughter,
also deaf and dumb, by sewing for
her livelihood. Lefl also was gjiilty of
cruel treatment, the wife assertHL
CHICAGO. Oct. 15. — An odd di
vorce case. In which Mrs. Hammay
Lefl. deaf mute, sought legal release
from her husband, who Is equally af
flicted, was heard, or rather seen, by
Judge Brentano to-day.
Instead of hearing the complaint of
the wife, the court saw her testimony
deftly explained through the medium
of the sign language and translated by
an interpreter.
Mrs. Lefi took the stand and began
her narrative, while Mrs. S. R. Hayes
repeated the story to the court. She
told how she had married Edward
Lefl in New York oo April 3. 1390.
and asserted that he deserted her tn
1SD6. bsHB
Principals Are Draf Mntfs and Wire's
..Plaint Is Told With Her
Finsers.
CHICAGO COURT SEES
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS
(120th Meridian — Pac!3e Ttae.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 13— £ p. m,
The following auiaiaa and minimum tens*
p-ratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 36-42 N»w York M-43
Chicago 54-481 Ptttsburg 60-5S
Cincinnati B2-42 PhlUdeiphia *5O-43
Jacksonville 7i>-W St. Louts 62-4S
New Orleans . . . .SO-fMi Washington M-O
SAX FRANCI3CO «3-M
The followins" art the seasonal ratafalU t-»
date as cotnpared with those cf same lats last
season and rainfall tn last twenty- four hoars:
Last 2t This ' Lul
Stations — hours, wasoo. soasoik
Eureka 3O 4.28 S.X3
Red Bluff.. 24 8.49 . *o
Sacramento' 00 5.47 .12
San "Francisco Tr. 7.43 .17
Fresno 00 4.9S .»
Independence W .47 .42 '
San Luis Obiapo ft* 4.54 .OS
Lcs Ang-les ,... .«•» 1.13 .43
San Diego OO .1« .«7
COAST RECORD.
3 2 2 C 2 "J
a gg || *i H »•
BTATIOMS. J *| *| 33 »- m
[lit r n
Eaker 20.94 43 42 NE CToudy .44
Carson .10.02 54 34 Nff fiear .00
Eureka 3u.li Z» ¦»-> .- Rain . '¦»
Fresno 30.04 64 49 W Pt.CTdy ."O
Flagstaff 29. 8O «4 24 SW Clear .00
Pccatello 2».«S ."^' 4O SW Cloudy .11
Independence .2».»> «4 4«> W Clear .«»
Los Angeles.. 2». 92 7* M SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpats. 43
North Head. .23. so 54 2S ?E Raia .10
Phoenix 2D.9H 8S S3 ' W Clear .«»
Portland 2D. 84 -*:.,>< Rain .13
Red Bluff »>.li> 62 44 SE Cloudy .24
Roseburg 3D.t>4 ZS 4*« SE «Tloudy .2«
Sacramento ..3<».lrt k-J 4-i X Clear »i)O
Salt Lake ».*J «W 42 X Pt.^dy .'O
San Franc !9co.3».i>4 KZ 54 W Pt.Cldy T.
3. I* Obispo. ..TO.«H 7i> 54 W Pt.Cldy .««
San Diego 29. S3 (53 «f> W Clear .00
Seattl* ».2»J)O 5.S 5<> SE. Raia .03
Srokane 20.9ft 52 40 S Cloudy .•>»
Tatocsh 2>.»W & U S Rain .44
Walla Walla. 23. 78 ft> 42 SW CVar .33
Wlnnemucca .3».O2 4-* S4 S Ctear .«W
Yuma 29.78 8» 54 SW Clear .00
WEATHER COXDITIOXS A.VD OENERAI.
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over th* northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and fair over th»
southern. Light rain has fallen from North
ern Nevada and extreme Northern California
northward.
Another storm ha* appeared off th» Wash
ington coast and high southerly winds and
rain are reported from the Columbia Rlv«r
north-wart.
The pressure has riswn over the central por
tion of the Pacific Slope, and fallen over
Washington and Northwestern Or-tron.
The temperature has fallen over the pUtaaa
region and remained nearly stationary in oth*r
Rain is probabU from Central California
northward «m Sunday night.
Foreca«t made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 18:
Northern California— Cloudy Sunday, with
rain in north portion; fre»a southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
Nevada — Rain Sunday; warmer in nortJi
and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday,
probably showers; fresh » oat 5 e t*7_SS a - M _w«
Lcs Angeles and vicinity— Fair Sunday: BgSt
W ¥acTanient3 and Tidntty— Cloudy 8um3*7t
probably showers. •
Fresno and vicinity— Cloudy Pxrsday.
O. H. WTLLSON. Local Forecaster. ,
T»mt)orartty in Chaxg*.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Oct 13— Scar TtsOv
*&*?? T^WN^D-Arr^d^ Oct »££
Lyman D Foster, from San Pedro: bktn Jam«s
Tufr from Honolul-o.
. FOREIGN PORT3.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived Oct 1-3— Br b«r%
Ancona. from nitrate ports: Fr bark £««»*
from Antwerp for Portland: stair City «f
P ¥ailed OcTlS— Br"stmr Aorangl. for Bris
bane: stmr Queen, for San Francisco: Br stex*
Tees, for Skagway.
OCEAX 8TEAMER3.
NEW TORK— Arrtred Oct 15— Stmr HV*!*.
from Chrtstiansand. Copenhagtn. eto; atmf
Arabic from Liverpool and Que«ust3««rn.
Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Germanic, for South*
amDtcn via Cherbourg ; stmr Menomlnee. fo»
London: stmr Graf Waldersee. for HaaJwrs;
via Dover: stmr Finland for Antwerp via Do
ver- itar Hofeenzollern. for Geno* end N *?!•*:
stmr Etrurla. for Liverpool; stmr Adrta. fo»
Cf COPEXHAGE?J— Atttvi Oet XZ— Stmr Isl
land from New York via Chrtstlansand.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 14— 6tmr Cams**
nla. from New York.
Sailed Oct 13— 8tmr Umbrta, fer J?«w Tortu
CHERBOURG — ArrtTed Oct 13— Stmr Fried
«rich der Grosse frotn New York Tla Plymocta
for Bremen, and proceeded.
Sailed Oet 14 — Stmr Deutschland. from Ham
burg and Dover for New York; Oct 13— atsir
«t Paul from Southampton for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 13— 3ta»
Philadelphia from New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 13 — 3Cnr La Gascccne.
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 15 — Stmr Krooniand.
for N«w York.
QUEEX3TOWN— SaUed Oct 13— Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool for .
WEATHER REPORT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAV. OCTOBER 16, 1904.
49
BOOMS TO LET — Fuxn. and TJnf urn. I
SHIPLEY. lOti— Large sunny front room. \
SHIPLEY. 2a4--Furnished rcom to let. _ j
! - j
SHIPLEY. 242— Rooms to let.
EHOTWELL, 211— A nice sunny room for gen-
tleman; $6 month.
SHOTWELL, 324 — 1 furnished or unfurnished
room; private. |
SHOTWELL. 620— To let. comfortable fur-
nished rocm for lady, with bath.
SKOTWELL. 741— Large sunny nicely fur-
nished room for couple.
SHP^ADER. 103-s — Newly furnished room, two J
blocks from the park. 1
SILVER. J 51— Furnished rooms to let.
SILVER, 157. bet. Third and Fourth — Bunny
front room: suitable for 1 or 2 people.
SIXTH. 139A — Sunny front bedroom, to let,
*l 50 week.
SIXTH, 143 — Rooms with housekeeping: -privi-
leges.
SIXTH. 224 — Front sunny room; bath, gas, {
etc.; rent $8. i
SIXTH. 306^ — Furnished rooms.
SIXTH, 314— Furnished rooms.
SIXTEENTH. 2S22— Sunny furnished single or
double room to rent.
SIXTEENTH. 3053, near Valencia — 2 sunny
rooms: single; bath; gas, phone.
SIXTEENTH, 342SA — Sunny furnished room
with bath.
SIXTEENTH. 3621 — Sunny front room to let.
FURNISHED room to let. Cor. Sixteenth and t
Landers sts.
SOUTH PARK. 37— Nice sunny furnished
room.
SOUTH PARK, 81 — Furnished rooms to let.
SOUTH PARK, 111 — Large sunny rooms.
STEINER. 709 — Furnished or unfurnished. j
¦ t
STEVENSON, 547 — Sunny furnished room;
ch«a{>.
STEVENSON, €33 — Furnished rooms to let.
STOCKTON. 41— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
also single rooms, $2 to $7 week.
STOCKTON. 821— Furnished room. I
STOCKTON. 603 — Sunny housekeeping rooms; j
modern; all conveniences; very reasonable. |
~ ~" j
STOCKTON. 1530— Fine susny room to let. J
STOCKTON. 1914 — Rooms to let. j
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis — New house; new I
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; baths; everything sanitary; elevator"
i service: If sunshine and cleanliness Is an ob-
ject see these rooms; $3 per week up.
SUTTER. 822 — Pleasant furnished rooms; nice
location.
EUTTER, 717 — Front or back rcom; grate; i
closet; running water; sunny; S minutes to
town.
SUTTER. 523B — Furnished rooms to let.-
SUTTER, 1105 — Pleasant front bay-window
room: closets, grate, run. water; suitable light ,
housekeep'g; rent reasonable; also other rms.
SUTTER, 1810^ — Elegantly furnished front ;
roam.
SUTTER, 2502 — Nicely furnished sunny room; :
reasonable.
SUTTER, 2505 — Furnished rcoms to let. ,
SUTTEJt, 2521 — Room to let for gentleman. !
TAYLOR, 313 — In town: front sunny room; i
¦ piano; respectable; $3 25 per^week.
TAYLOR, 706 — A small furnished room for,
gentleman.
TAYLOR, 1422 — Furnished front room.
THIRD. 17 — One nicely furnished front room. 1
¦ ¦
THIRD 64 — Room to let.
THIRD, 75 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 7S — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 87 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 156 — Nice sunny rooms. x
LARGE sunny room, connecting bath, in new '
house; convenient to Affiliated Colleges; gen- '
tlemen cnly. Box 2900, Call office.
3 UNFURNISHED rooms; east of Van Ness;
north of Union. Box 2*US. Call office.
TEHAMA. 153 — Rooma to let.
TEHAMA. 156— Furnished room.
TEHAMA. 136 — Rcoms to let.
¦ zzzz ; i
TEHAMA, 163 — Nicely furnished room to let. '
TEHAMA, 16S — Furnished rooms to let.
TEHAMA, 200 — A nice sunny room to rest.
— — . ,
TEHAMA. 215% — Nicely furnished front room. !
TEHAMA. 215V4 — TO let, nicely furnished front
room; chear.
TEHAMA, 219fc — Nice sunny front room to
let.
TEHAMA, 221V; — A nlc» sunny front room to
let; furnished.
TEHAMA. 808 — Furnished rooom to let.
TEHAMA, 4733 — Sunny furnished front room.
— — — — — —^^— — — — -^_________ i
TEHAMA. BS5— Furnished room to let. j
TENNESSEE, 2<S<5 — Furnished rooms.
I TENTH, '1S3 — Nlo« furnished room*.
TENTH. 140 — Furnished rooom.
TENTH, 144 — Furnished rooms to let.
TENTH, 32SVj — Nlc« sunny room with running
water; rent cheap.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND '
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY- NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE, HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY ,
MODERN CONVENLENCE: ELEVATOR ,
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK. j
THE Larchmont, 361 Sutter— New brick bldg., !
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat, j
privilege to baths; $2 60 to $5 per week.
THntTEENTH, 40— Front furnished room.
THIRTEENTH, 229 — Large front room on I
suny side. " r
THIRTEENTH. 238 — Sunny front room and
bath; $7. : . . |
TO let — Small room, suitable for shoe shop. !
Corner Fifteenth and Guerrero.
TO let — A furnished room suitable for one or i
two gentlemen. Apply 24S3 Sutter st.
TREMONT ave.. 124 — One large sunny room;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
TURK, 121 — Furnished room to let.
TURK. 237 — Nicely furnished bay-window
room; suitable for one or more.
TURK, 542 — Single room In private family;
reasonable.
TURK. 643— Furnished room to' let.
TURK, 604 — Sunny front room.
TURK. 723 — Four unfurnished rooms; $20. '
TURK. 810 — Furnished rooms to let.
TURK, 824 — Large, nicety furnished sunny
room, with use of kitchen and laundry; large
•unny yard; gas, bath and fuel: $15.
! BOOMS TO LET — Turn, and TJnfnrn. |
TURK. S21 — 2 large sunny unfurn. front con-
I necting room*; run'g water; gas bath. tel,$20
i "
I TURK, 121S— Room to let.
' TWENTY-THIRD. .1777— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms to let; ladles only.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367 (Mission warm belt)—
Furnished room; 1 gent., $2.
TWENTY- NINTH, 443 fc— One nice tunny
| room. I
TWO nice unfurnished rooms; clean and quiet.
Call or address 5ol^ Howard st.
CTNITEJ3 STATES, 12:$ Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas>, running water In every
j rcom; eieTatcr, re*d.-room; tree bus; bagga?*).
{ VALENCIA, 542 — One unfurnished room to
rent.
VALENCIA. 936— Large sunny furnished rooms
for cotiDle: board.
VALENCIA, 1175 — Rooms to let.
VAN NESS ave., 300— Furnished rooms.
I VAN NESS ave., S06— Rooms to let.
} VAN NESS ave., 320— Large bay-window
room; running water: $12.
VAN NESS. 421— Small front bedroom; rea-
sonable.
VAN NESS av*., 1021— Sunny room to let.
• VAN NESS ave., 1021 — Furnished rooms.
VAN NESS ave., 1021— Sunny newly papered
room; large closet; running water; $10;
t other, $8.
VAN NESS ave., 1100— Furnished rooms.
I VAN NESS ave., 1409 — Single rooms and suites
. to let.
WALLER, 303— Furnished bay-window suite
for rent.
WALLER, 8SS— Furnished room to let.
WASHINGTON, ave., 41 — Furniahed room;
cheap.
WASHINGTON ave.. 35— Furnished room to
; WASHINGTON, 929 — Furnished roont
"WEBSTER. 812 — Furnished room.
' WEBSTER, 1352— Furnished room, suitable for
gentleman.
. WEBSTER, 133S — Furnished room for young
man.
. ! WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
: 35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
. J elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
j WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
; | furnished room* from 15c per night up.
' WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up; ele-
• I gant transient rooms, 50c per night.
i j WIDOW, with sunny lower flat, wishes re-
' : fined lady or mother with daughters to share
the same; school across the atreet; cheap.
Box 3559, Call office.
t
j YORK. 1114 — A nice sunny front room to let.
, J KOOMS AITD BOAjKP. [ _ _
j ST. GEORGE, ltmTa ndTTsiFwaihln gtoiT s I.—
Just opened; handsome newly furnished sun-
ny suites private baths: eingle rms; every
1 modern cwivenience: good table board; reas.
' ELEGANT, comfortable home offered one gen-
' i tleman; bedroom, exclusive bathroom, parlor
and board. $15 weekly In advance. Box 2937.
I . Call office.
, LARGE sunny, ntceiy furnished . room, with
• i board, suitable for two gents or couple: prl-
1 i vate family; walking distance; references.
793 Hayes at.
POWELL. Sl*>. near California — Elegantly fur-
i nlahwi sunny front parlor, with or without
• j breakfast and dinner. In refined prlv. family.
; NICE sunny furniahed room with board, if
'. I wanted, fcr lady or gentleman in a private
' ! family on the "Nob Hill." Box 3231. Call.
;. ¦
. * WANTED— Child to board: good home; price
¦ » reasonable. 120U Golden Gate ave.
' 1EDDY. SSS-^'Room and -board in* refined fam-
f " Uy - *
¦•J EDDY, 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
I sunny rooms: table board; rea». ; new manay.
ELLIS, 453 — Nicely furnished rooms, with ex-
cellent French table beard; reasonable.
ELLIS, 1174 — Room with board for two young
men: crivace family; r<*ferencts.
' EXCELLENT board, $4 r*r week; with large
sunny room. f5. 323 First st.
FRANKLIN, 151S— Sunny room with board;
gas, baih, pnone; reasonable.
GERMAN widow would like to board children:
good home; motherly care. Box 3352, Call.
', • GREENWICH. 914— Well-fumlshed room with
German board.
, 1 HOWARD, S41A— First-class board and room.
, single or double. $5-$tJ wk. ; American family.
LARGE, sunny, nicely furnished rooms for
couples; excellent board. 9:;i} Valencia st.
LARKIN, 840. near Geary — Furnished room,
with board.
MASON, 615A. near Sutter — Sunny furnished
room, with board, for lady.
ROOM and board to let in private place. Ap-
• j ply box 3327, Call office.
ROOM and board. MRS. AHKMANX, 615
Taylor st. .
Stevenson Mansion, cpp. Grace Church annex,
i 807 California — See rms, learn prtce«,try table.
BUNNY rooms, with breakfast and dinner;
reasonable. 1254 Eddy st.
, ¦ VAN NESS ave., »44 — Well-furnished rooms
> with board; terms reasonable.
' • CHESTNUT, 286 — One large room, with board;
¦ I reasonable.
i m^ mmm m ~^—~ ™ — "~^ — — — ¦— . i — ,^— .
' C0T7KTBY BOA3DHTG
1 A GOOD i-la.ee for a convalescent who wishes
a quiet, healthy place in the country to room
and board. 1417 Fremont ave.. Frulrvale,
off East Fourteenth »t.
»OOM ajLTO^O AjBD VAOTBD.
; MIDDLE-AOED gentleman wants room~and
board in private family; sunny room, hot
' and cold water; bath; must be homelike; no
' I other roomers; price reasonable; 10 minutes'
walk from City Hall; north of Market St.:
give rat* with answer. Box 2976. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, intellectual, temperate,
neat, wishes olain room (perhaos board)
where practically homelike; preferably no
other roomers. Box 2742. Call office.
WANTED — A good home and board for a
baby S months. Address 225 Douglass st..
near . Eighteenth.
. LADY desires room and board In private fam-
ily; centrally located; $15 to $20. Box 3212,
; Call office. -
ROOM and board: private family; lady with
infant. 1318 Eighth ave.. East Oakland. .
i YOUNO man from. *East wishes room and
. i board in private family. Box 3013. Call.
j « ===5
: \*_\ '¦'.. BOOMS WASTED.
| » I I II HI II ,i , ,
WANTED — 2 sunny well furnished housekeep-
ing room*: location. Geary and Mason sta.
Box 2U27, Call office,
WANTED — A nicely furnished room Address
; P. FOLEY.- 1237 Folsom st.
: • FURNISHED room wanted. Addreas 232 Thlr-
• • teenth at. «
i STAJBUS TO LIT. "
| " ' ¦¦!¦
, I ONE or two stalls to let. with use of yard and
storeroom; suitable for a peddler or junk-
man; 50 minutes' ride from city. 2021 San
Bruno ave., near Cortland.
. STALLS to let. 220 Natoma st.
j j^ajtp WAJtEgOT/sirs.
! A — EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.; furniture!
household, gooda stored, moved, shipped. "23-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
' CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st.:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Poet and Powell sta.; teL Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 840
Mission St.; teL Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 231.
i BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st. ; tel. Main 1840. Ehippins at cat rates.
BOOMS TO 1VET — Porn, aad TTnf nra.
l-'-'MBARU. C12— Rsmr-g to let.
•''7T.V. 54 — Furnished room to let.
MARKET. 737 — Cozy room, neatly furnished:
»IO n;or.th; ger.tlrmen only.
MARKET. 9U3— Furrlaned rocm.
MARKET. 1007', — Furnished rooms to l^t.
MARKET, 1016, cpp Fifth— Nice suar.y front
rooaz*.
MARKET. IOIU. orix-s:te Fifth — SctUSJ frcnt
r^cna; also other rooms: $1 2j per week up.
MARKET. 1043 (The Falmouth) — Sunny
room*; $2 5O tc f7 week: elevator.
MARKET. 12C7— Furnished rOOBB.
MAUKET. 15C5— Furnished rooms.
UARKET. i"37 — Sunny I imlsted rooms to
if'.; r*ascna.b!e.
MARKET. 1<ZS corner Polk— Two front, sun-
cy. corner rocn-.s; range; yard: quiet house;
rest $12 50.
MARKET.. 1722— Su==y furnished rocmi to
let.
MARKET. 1723— R-ocu« to let.
MARKET. 1724— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 2082 — Sunny furnished rooms to
let.
MARKET 20S* — To let. large front alcove
room ; suntjr.
MARKET. 2174— Furr.ish«d rocmi.
MASON. TTTIi flllllllj rooms. S2 p«r week
and ury«.r<J: clean quiet place.
MASON, vyi— Furnished rooms ; elngie and
<out:e.
MASCN. £23— Furnished rooms.
MASON. ie27 — Furciehed room to let.
MABON, 1711— Eecta. to Ut.
MASON. 1811— Sunny furnished room.
MASON. 1S16 — Room to let.
MASON. IS2I — Suncy furnished roem.
MASON. C012H— Furnished room.
Mr A T .LISTER. 30 — Furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. 412. fiat 4 — Niceiy furnished
room for cne er two gentlemen.
MCALLISTER. 412— Furnished rcom.
McALLISTEP.. 592— Room to let.
McALLISTETV 8<X> — Lanr«- sunsy bay-window
rooms en suite or single.
MCALLISTER. 835 — Bcaay rocm to let.
McALUSTER, K>5 — Furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. SC3— Rooms to let.
MCALLISTER. SCS— Furnished rows*.
MCALLISTER. P25 — Rcom to let.
1KALUSTEK Ka57 — 4 unfurnished sunny
rocsis; bath and phene: $20.
MCALLISTER, 1100 — Furnished rooms to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 123 Third «t. — 400
single and family rooms 35c toll W per day,
J- to $% r*r week; th* only new and modern
hotel ::: rooming-house in San Fraaclsco
that ha* office on ground floor, hot and cold
vtter. -lectrtc lights, call bells, steam heat
la every room and gives free baths and ele-
vatcr service clay and eight to Its guests.
MINNA. 13 — Front me to let.
MINNA. 2<»5 — Famished rooms.
MINNA. 313— Rooms to let.
MINNA. 353 — A nice, eunzy furnished room to
let.
MIXXA. 447— Large 'rent room for two.
MINNA. K3A — Furnished met.
MINNA. S58A — Furnished rooms; bo children.
MINNA. BSS^j — Furnished rooms in private
family.
MINNA. ESS— Furnished room.
MINNA. 643 — Furr. < .«fcwl room for rest.
MINNA. 10S8 — Furnished room.
MISSION, 754— Furnished rooms.
MISSION, T7> — FureiFhed rocra to let.
MISSION 1 . 610 — Furnished rooms to let.
iriSSIOX, 623, n»»r Fourth — Sunny fumiahed
room to l*t.
MISSION. 636 — Furnished rooms to let aad c=e
:z--:-z:<r ¦-_ 1 ,
MISSION. SS7A^-Roota t» let.
MISSION. &19H— Furnished rooms.
MISSION, Kl'-i— Furnished rooas.
MISSION. 921 — Fcrclihed rooms to rent.
MISSION, 1030— Two furnished eonasetsd
rucsis ts> ;*t.
MISSION, itf.9 — Two coecacted rooms to Ut.
MleSTON. 1030— Larg» furnished room; reasca-
afci*.
MISSION. 1043— Booms to let.
MISSION, 1121— Rocm to let.
MISSION. 1222. bet. Eighth aad Jficta— Scnsy^
nicely fcrcished roots; also 1 room 15 per
DHtti
MISSION. 1712 — Furnished room to leC
MISSION. 2245— Rooms to let.
MISSION. 22i5 — Room to let.
MISSION. 2247 — Rooms to let.
MISSION, 2280— Nicely furnished frcnt room.
MISSION. 27CS — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 2S22— -Neat furnished room.
NATOMA. 243— One Ksall nicely furnished
tront room; (1 SO p*r week.
NATOMA. S251-— Rocrr.s to let.
NATOMA. €15 — Suaay. furnished room to let.
NATOMA. €13— Nice front sunny room to let.
NATOMA. 7T5— A email furnished rocm to let.
NATOMA. S2C — Furnished rcoms to Jet.
NICE room to let. Western Addition- nice
family; no ether roomers. Box 3120,' Call.
NICELY furnished sunny front room to let.
Apply 1772 Howard st.
NINTH ave.. 654. near Chutes — For gentleman,
newly fraclshed frost rocm; private.
NOE. 2S4 — Frcat room; half block from Market
st.; well furniahed; low rent.
NOE. 234 — Large front rocm in private family,
half block rroia Market street; low rent..--
NOE. 254 — Large front room, H block from
Market St.; low^rent.
h r 'K. 4S1 — Handsome parlors, with ti* rsxfe;
BOOMS TO I^ET — Para, and TTnTnra. !
NOE. "7 — Lars?, convenient furnished room; 1
suitable fcr cne or two: reasonable. ;
NOE. 1CZZ — Furnished room to I*t.
NOE. JC50 — Sunny furnished rooms.
1 — . _ 1
NICE room to rent: suitable for I or 2 gen-
tlemen: board if desired; Mission: references.
Box 322S. Call office.
¦
OAK. ZM — Corner room to let.
OAK. 013— Itooir.s to let.
OAK. •J^C — Sarny suite of front rooms; use
of barn; phone.
OAK GROVE ave.. OH— Newly furnished room
to let.
OCTAVIA, 2C— Furnished rooms to let.
OCTAVIA, 157— Furnished rooms to l«t.
O'FARRELL. «— Elegantly furnished suite with
piano, suitable fcr 2 cr 3 gents.
O'FAKRELL. 2U0— Furnished room.
O'FARRELL, 545 — Furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL. K56 — 2 nicely furnished rooms
on quiet block near businejs center; reason-
able.
O'FARIIELL. 575 — Newly furnished suites.
O'FARRELL. 769 — Furnished front room; gas.
O'FARRELL. 917— Nice furnished rooms to let.
O'FARRELL, 1239 — Rooms to let.
O'FARRELL. 1C20. near Buchanan — Large,
well-fumish^d room, every convenience, for
1 or 2 gents; $S and 510; private.
O'FARRELL. 1528 — Sunny front room to let.
CFARRELL. 2034— Furnished room.
P. 1128 South — Sunny room.
PACIFIC. 1520— Small room, nicely furniahed.
for lady; rent reasonable.
PAGE 1776 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms and
bath.
PERRY, 223— Rooms to let.
PIERCE. 243 — Furnished rocm.
PIERCE. 419 — Partly furnished room.
PINE. 100ft— Furnished room.
PLN'E. 1300. northwest cor. Hyde — Newly fur-
nished frcnt suite on sunny corner; hot bath;
phoce; reasonable.
PINE, 1711 — Furnished room.
PINE. 1T35. near Van Ness ave. — An Ideal
rocm in fins neighborhood; all conveniences;
moderate.
PINE, 1S20— Nice sunny rooms.
POLK. 522 — Nicely furnished suite for house-
keeping; reasonable.
POLK. £26 — Sunny alcove room; $8.
POLK. 610 — Nicely furnished room for gentle-
man; private family.
POLK, 601 — Front sunny room; bath and
gas.
POLK. 1558— Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
POLK. \W2 — Newly furnished, sunny room;
large closet; running water and gas; rent $8.
POLK. 1828 — Nice furnished room to let.
POST. 418 — Neatly furnished rooms.
PO6T. 607 — Sunny rooms.
POST. 701. cor. Jones, Warren upetairs — Ele-
gantly furnished suite: steam heat; gas and
«leciric lights; elevator; running water;
bath: phone: decidedly up-to-date and for
gentleman only; ref.
POST. S55 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
POST. 8S9 — Large furnished room; running
water; for 1 or 2 gents; reference*.
PO6T. 90S — Pleasant sunny room; $10 month.
POST, 951 — Large sunny room to Iet7~newly
furnished: call after 11 a. m.
POST. 1043— Newly furnished front bay-win-
dow room; modern: $16.
POST. 1617 — Furnished room to let.
POST. 2C33 — Sunny front room to rent
POWELL. 19 — Nicely fnraiched rooms.
POWELL, 216— Nicely furnished room.
POWELL, 239— Edinburgh — Furnished rooms,
en suite and single; suitable for office.
POWELL. 415 — Sunny furnished rooms; gas;
bath: $5 to $10 month.
POWELL. 506 — Large eunny front room, for
gentlemen.
POWELL, 670— Furnished rooms.
POWELL, 720 — Sunny frcnt room, nicely fur-
nished for irentleman.
POWELL. 1105 — Single furnished room for
gentleman : private family.
POWELL, 1106 — Large basement to let.
POWELL.. 1924^ — Neatly furnished rooms.
PRBdTA av*., 163 — Furnished room to 1«C
PROSPECT ave., 81S — Fumlsasd room.
RAILROAD art. South. 604 — 1 nice room.
RAUEH. B6— Furniafaed room to let.
P.OOM 3 to let. Inquire at 637 Golden Oat* av».
P.OOM; furnished: north Market, west Larkln;
moderate. Reply G. NOBLE. Gea. Pcstoffice.
P.OTAL HOUSE. 12$ Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room, and ladle*' par-
lor: rooms p«r night. 35c to $1 CO; week. $2
to $3; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
RITCH. 11— Single room.
RITCH, 12 — Single rocm.
RITCH, 226 — Rooms to let.
RUSS. 106 — Nicely furnished room for rent.
SACRAMENTO, 1308— Five, rooms and bata
to let.
SANSOME. 621 — Rooms to let.
SCOTT. 2S1— Sunny suite; private family; no
other rocmcrs: 1 cr 2 gentlemen; nice for
students: reasonable. •;.!»•:/
SCOTT. 503 — Nicely furnished front room to
let.
SCOTT. 1210B— Furnished room.
SCOTT, 1731 — Nicely furnlehed room.
SECOND. 142 — Furnished rooms.
SECOND, 149 — Furnished - rooms.
SEVENTH. 1759 Va (Oakland) — Nicely furnished
rooms for rent. - '.-:
SEVENTH. 219 — Furnished front room for
rent.
SEVENTH ave., 749. half block from park —
Sunny front room; $1 50 week.
SEYMOUR ave.. 21 — Room to let.
SEYMOUR ave., 2S— Rooms to let.
6HIPLEY. 175— Front room to let. i
SBWnrQ^BjL^CKOTgS^AKrp STJPPIJE3.
100O RENTERS— D-jn't fail to visit the new
retail ofnee of the White if you wish to rent
the- best sewing machine on earth; price for
rent of best drophead machines. • $2 per
month. Remember the place. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
ia cheapest: second-hand" all make's at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sbcth.
ALL klnd3 second-hand $3. $5. $>: slightly
used $10. $15. $20: you know where the doOs
swing in the window. 1031 Market st.
WANTED— Machines to fix. 1323 Market st.
£j SOCIAJ.. ,--~^
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to make merry; cozy danco
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardeas. Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Mulrhead building. Market and Larkin . sts.
stop PRimmrq.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c: tablet fena
mailed in slain packace; has cured Uum-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. T.
TTPEWBITEB3 AVTD SUPPLIES .
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 30. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 5C8 Market.
VTAVI.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet fre«; write for it.
VIA VI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
IiEPAIi NOTICES.
I HAVE bought the fruit stand from TOM
Mclaughlin at 442 Third st. max
TURTELTOUB .
DIVTDEJSTD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — Claremont Oil Com-
pany, en November 1. 1904, will pay a divi-
dend (No. 5), amounting to $4500, equal to
lc per share, on Its issued capital stock.
Transfer books elc=e on Tuesday, October 23,
l'J04. at 5 p. m.
On November 23. 10O4, will pay an extra
dividend, amounting to $4500. on its issued
capital stock, equal to lc per share. Trans-
fer bcoka cloae Saturday, November 19. 1904,
at 1 p. m., payable at its of nee, room 731
Mills bldg.. i-an Francisco. GEO. J. REM-
INGTON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor acd
furnishing the materials for reconstructing
the south drive, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California, at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the office
of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 5 p. m. of October 24, 1904. No bids'
will be considered unless accompanied by a |
certified check or bond of bidder, in favor of j
the Regents of the University of California,
ei-al to ten (10) per cent of his bid with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said bid !
be accepted, the bidder will duly enter into
a proper contract and give bond to perform
faithfully the duty and obligations tn ac-
cordance with Bald bid and with the plant
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE — Taxes due upoa assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department, State of California.
Sacramento, October 11. 1904. In accord-
ance with the provisions of section 3'M-t of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that I have received from the State Board
of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
f*>sament3 of Railways" and the "Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, aa fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year
19V4, viz. :
Central Pacific Railway Company, South
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company. Carson and
Colorado Railway Company, California
I Northwestern Railway Company (lessees of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
way). Southern California Railway Company
the Atchison. Topeka. and Santa Fe Railway
Company;' North Shore Railroad Company
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company, Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company.
Nevada-Callfornia-Oregon Railway Company.
Sierra Valleys Railway Company. Alamed*
and San Joaquin Railroad Company. Sierra
Railway Company of California. Gualala Mill
Company, Lake Tahoe Railway and Trans-
portation Company. Boca and Loyalton Rail- '
road Company; dan Pedro. Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the Pull-
man Company.
The State and county taxes on ail per-
sonal property and one-half of the State
and county taxes on all real property ara
now due and payable, and will be delinquent !
on the last Monday In November next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto, 3
per cent will be added to the amount there-
of and unless so paid on or before the laa*
Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., an
additional 5 per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of . the State and I
county taxes on all real property will be due !
and payable at any time after the first 1
Monday in January next, and will be dclln- !
Quent on tbe last Monday In April next, ac
tt o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the '
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto,
5 per cent will be added to the amount
thereof. . . ; -
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
— — _ — j
sTTrrTESura and stammering.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market, j
cures; estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours I to 5 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦ 1
George H. Stlpp. 21. city, and Maude Davis, |
21. city.
Jose B. Almeida 25. «•> Jackson street, and '
Maria Sllva. 19, 65 Jackson street.
James "Walsh, 2S. Greenwood, an-1 Mary j
Howard. 22. Greenwood.
Louis Strelff 29. •> Scott place and Emilie
Rosalie, 20. 1501 Stockton street. 1
William R. Larlcks. 25. city, and Anita C. :
Sainsot, 20. 2-10 ~j Harriet street.
Charles F. Ford. 28. 1S29 Fifteenth street. I
and Daisy M. McCormlck. 22. 34ft Golden Gate '
avenue.
John H.Boyson. 45. 094 Valencia street, and
Matele Gage. 45, 994 Valencia street.
Eugene M. Day 2S. 1219 Fell street and
Mary M. Sh«an. 24, 471 McAllister atreet.
Adam Little, 30. Redwood City, and Jeannie
" Klrkland 37, Dunoon. Scotland.
Richard Anderson. 27. 57» Third street, and
EmmaiV. Llndstrom. 31, Palo Alto.
Agostino Giannonl. 23, S Ewing place, and
Tereslna Moeconi, 20, 41 Garden avenue. ' " •*}
. William Rosenthal. 33. 1514 Pine street, and
Edna Well 21, 1814 Pine street. "
Frank Rlley. 24. Vallejo. and Irene Pack* '
ard. 18. Vallejo.
Nils -P. Olson, 27. !>2 Ellis street, and Karen
Eggen. 27, 92 Ellis street.
Charles H. Robertson. 2S. 512 Capp street,
and Frances E. Sargent 24. 314 Thirtieth st.
J. Henry Dooley. 34, 14W Octavia street, an 1
Bridget M. McGaran. 26. 1630 Lombard street.
Hermann F. Brinkrr.ann. l'il- Sani- Bruno
avenue, and Ottlie Meyer, 3a 13<K> Minna st.
William Roneberg. 20, Stockton, and Ella
Currin 40. Stockton. .
Henry S. Hopkins. 41. 23.«0 Union street. |
and Mary F. Saunders, 48. San Rafael.
Hans R. Antonsin. 41. city, and - Meedie
Shafer. 24. city.
Herbert E. Collett. 23. 1516 Leavenworth
street, and Louise C. Costaguta. 19, 1340 Nine-
teenth avenue South.
Patrick J. Murphy. 24, 7 Mason street, and
Louise Clarke. 2S. 8 Mason street.
Edward H. Mann. "s. Glen Ellen, and Mary
Gretchell. 32, Glen Ellen.
Charles E. Nofrey. 25. 40S McAllister street,
and Clara D. Adams, 25. 477 McAllister st
Chee Kung. 33; 1C21 Dupont street, and Haw
Sul Kum, 23. 1021 Dupont street.
BIBTHS-MARHAGES^^MTHS.
- Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either cf the publication office* and b«
indorsed with the narn* and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same DUbtished.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence In this column -
fre.; of charge.
BOKX.-
BRAY — In this city. October -7. 1304. tn the
wife of Frank Bray, a son. ....
CARLYON — In this city. October 6. 19O4. to
the wife of William T. Cartyon. a son. ¦".
DUNLAP — In this city. October 3. 1904. to the
- wife of F. Dunlap. a son.
ETHEN— In this city. October « 1904. to
the wife of Joseph Ethen, a son.
GORLA — In this city. October 14. 1904, to tbe
wife of Victor Gorla, a son.
KEATING — In this city, to the wife of Ed- ¦
ward Keating, a daughter. '
KENNY — In this city, October 10. 1904. to the
wife of James- J. Kenny.', a daughter. -
McPHERSON— In this city. October 13 1904,
to tha wife of Richard H. McPherson. a. son.
MULLOY— In this city. October «. 1904. to the j
wife of Charles W. MoUoy. a sob.
PRAETORIUS— In this city. October 9. 1904.
to the wife of George Praetoriua. a daughter.
REED— In this city. October 13. 1904. to ths
wife of John A. Reed, a son. •
STELLING — In this city. September 30. 1004.
to the wife of Barthold Stalling., a con. '
SULLENGER— In this city. September 14. j
19O4. to the wife of M. M. Sullenger. a
daughter. (San Jose papers pleas* copy.)
SUTTON — In . this city. October 8, 1304. to
the wife of Frederick R. Sutton. a daughter.
WALTER— In this city. October 1. 1904. to
the wife of H. L Walter, a daughter.
WARMAN— In this city. October 3. 1904. to
the wife of Robert A. -Wannan, a son.
WEISS — In this city. October 12. 1904. to the
wife of John W. Wetaa. a daughter. •--.- -
31ARKIED.
YOUNG— ROUSE— In San Rafael October 11.
1904. G. W. Young of Chicago and Jessie
L. Rouse of Oakland.
DIED.
Brechtel. William F. Hansen. OSaf
Brooks. Tes*ie Heinlcke. Magdalena
Colby. Augusta Kane. Peter
Colombat. Henry Jr. Lee Roswell
Con^n, Helen Lorte. May i
Cramer, Carl W. Lowden. Montgomery |
Danerl. John" ' McCarrick James
Da Roin. Msrtha J. Marks. Catherine D.
Engelberg. Annie 1. Murphy. Patrick J.
Engelbersr. Elizabeth O'Connor Edward
Gercke. Minna O'KeeCe.' Patrick
Godfrey. George B. Stewart, Jane
Goodman. Thorns s J. Tierney. Peter
' Griffin, Thomas F. Upp Gecrge. W.
Haley, William Zillmer. Adolpnin*
BRECHTEL— In this city. October 14. 1904.
William F. Brechtel, beloved husband of
Catherine W. Brechtel. a native of Carls-
ruhe. Baden. Germany, aged 72 years.
(German city capers please copy.)
C7 Remains at the oarlcrs cf A. W.
Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street. Funeral
and interment strictly private.
BROOKS— In this city. October 13. 1904. Tes- 1
sle. dearly beloved daughter of P. J. and tha
late Katie Brooks, sister of Willie and
George Brooks, and stepdaughter of Anni* I
Brooks, a native o f San Francisco, aged 13 j
years 9 months and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. m.. from the residence of
the parents. 12S Cortland avenue, thence
to St. Paul's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLBY — In this city. October 14. 1904. Agusta
Colby, beloved wife of tbe late Charles A.
Colbr, and mother of Alfred S. and Sadie
B. Colby, Mrs. Alice E. Kedon. Mrs. E- L.
McNoble and the late Mrs. Fannie Igo. a
native of Massachusetts, aged 73 yean.
(Boston and Cambridge paper* please copy.) J
C7"The funeral will take place on Sunday, j
October 16. from her late residence, 751 |
McAllister street, where service* will be
held at 2:30 t>. m. Interment Odd Fallows'
Cemetery.
COLOMBAT— In this city. October 14, 1804.
Henry A. Jr.. dearly beloved Infant son cf
Henry and Charlotte Cokimbat. and brother
of Georgia and the lace Jeannetta Colombat. j
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 months 1
and 0 days.
ETFuneral Sunday. October 16. 1804. at j
1 d. m. Interment Drlvate.
CONLAN— In Berkeley. October 9. 1904. at j
l>03 Ashby avenue. Helen. Infant daughter j
of Samuel L. and Ella Conlan, a native of !
Berkeley, Cal.. aged 1 month and 11 days. I
I CRAMER— In this city. October It. 1304, Cart I
1 W. Cramer, a native of Germany, aged
72 years.
DAXERI- In Vallejo. October 15. 1904. John.
% dearly beloved husband of Christina Dan»ri.
father of Mrs. Louisa Cuneo, Mrs. Teresa
Papadopulo and Frank Danerl. and grand-
father of Mrs. Cloe Leron. Mrs. Christina
Curtis, Stella, and Charlie Foppuno and
o:»a and Stella Braternos, a native of Italy,
aged 73 years.
DE ROIN— In this city. October 14. 1904.
Martha Jane, wife of Edward E. de Roln.
a native cf San Francisco, aged 33 years
and 8 months.
ENGELBERG— October 13. 1904. Annia I.
Engelberg. aged 37 years.
ENGELBERG— In this city. October 13. 11)04,
EMzaiMth Annia. .Engelberg. a native of Gil-
roy. Cal.. aged 37 years.
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-4ay
(Sunday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. 937 Mission street betwe*r.
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
GERCKE— In this city. October 13. 1004. Min-
na, beloved wife of Frits G<»rcke. idolized
mother of J. Sachau. and grandmother- of'
Frltzie and Willie Sachau. a native of
Gera. Germany, aged 5:> years 5 months and
13 days.
ICTNutlce of funeral hereafter.
GODFREY— In Seattle. Wash.. October 12.
19C4. George B.. dearly beloved husband cf
Johanna Godfrey, and beloved father of An-
nie. P.lchard. Josie. John and Catherine
Godfrey and Mrs. L. Gaudet ! aad the late
-George T. Godfrey, a native of England,
ageti <:>> years 4 months and 25 days.
GOODMAN"— In San Leandro. October 14. 1904.
Thomas J-. dearly beloved son of Johaxmah
and the late Thomas Goodman, and beloved
brother of Johanfiah and John Goodman, a
native cf San Leandro.
C7" Funeral Sunday. October 18. from St.
Leander's Church. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland. :
GRIFFIN— In this city. October 13. 1904. I
Thomaj F., beloved "sen of the late Michael |
and Ellen Griffin, and brother of Katie and '
Alice Grifftn. Mrs. O. Jones and Mrs. J. I
Allen, a native of San Francisco, ajed 38 I
years.
ICTTrienis and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Sunday) at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of I
. the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Holy Croaa
Cemetery.
To the officers and members of Mohican
Tribe No. 119. I. O. R. M.— You are re-
quested to assemble at the funeral parlors of I
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com- |
! pany. 20 Fifth street. Sunday. October 16. |
at 12:13 p. rn . to attend the funeral of our >
late brother. Thomas F. Griffin. By order
C. A. HOFFMAN. Sachem.
I H. G. LAMBERT. Chief of Records.
HALEY — An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be said at Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, near Scott, to-morrow ;
(Monday) morning, at 8 o'clock, for the re- j
pose of the soul of the late William Hatey.
Friends are respectfully invited to attend.
I HANSEN — In the City and County Hospital,
October 14. 1004, Olaf Hansen. a native of
Norway. n--e-i 40 years.
HEINICKE — Entered into re?t In this ¦ city,
October 13. 1904, at her residence. 27 Clem-
entina street, between First .and Second,
Magdalena C. dearly beloved wife of Charles [
Heinicke. and devcted mother of William F. 1
and Lottie Heinicke. a native of Scbleswig. '
Holfttein. Germany, aged 60 years and 25
¦ iay.-i. A member of Norddeutscher Frauen i
Verein and Rothes Kreuz Unterstutxungs |
Vereln. ¦ ;
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to atund the funeral to-morrow I
(Monday), at l:'M p. m.. from St. Markus '
German Evangelical Lutheran Church, i
I O'Farrell street, between Franklin' and 1
i Gough, where services will b« held. Inter- l
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KANE — In this city. October 15, 1904. Peter
' Kane, beloved husband of Katie Kane, and
father of John. Helen, James. Mary Loretta
and Veronica Kane, a native of County Gal-
way. Ireland.
i LEE— In thia city. October 14. 1904. RoswelL !
beloved husband of Lizzie M. Lee. a native"
of Springfield, Mass.. aged 62 years 3 months
and 23 day3.
IC7Friecd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral services
to-day (Sunday) at 1 p. m.. at th.e funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2rtC« Mission
I street. Mission Ma*cnic Temple, between
i Twenty -second and Twenty- third streets. In-
i terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
• LORIE»-In this city. October 13. 1904. May,
j beloved daughter of Samuel and Carrie Lorte.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2ti years.
i LOWDEN— At Quarts Mountain. Tuolumne
! County. Cal.. October 14. 1904. Montgomery,
beloved husband of Maggie Lowden and
7. father of Mrs. B. G. Hall, and brother of
T. J. Lowden, a native of Ohio, aged 6.H
year* 7 months 'and 13 days. A member of
Ivanhoe Lodge Not 3. K. of P.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
j (Sunday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of the
United Undertakers. S6fl Mission street, be-
tween Fourth, and Fifth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
j McCARRJCK— In Oakland. October 15, 1904
I James McCarrtck. dearly beloved father of
Mrs. Edmund Atwell. and' grandfather of
Daisy A. Atwell. a native of Orange County
I N. Y.. aged 79 years.
j MARKS— In this city. October 13. 1904 Cath-
erine D. Mnrks. beloved mother ot William"
D. and Stanley H. Stewart, a native c'
; Philadelphia. Pa., aged €3 years 3 mentis
and 14 days.
E7 Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at l:3O p. m. at th»
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street te-
. tween Twentieth and Twenty- first streets.
I Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
] r.f WRY J. CA\.LACH-3 CO.
iSaceessora to Flannajran fc Ganasher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgf^ . -
' FUNEF.AL DIRECTORS! AND EMBALMFR3
1 2u Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln 3chcoL
I ; Telephone Sonta SO. •.
j UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
{ Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan tenalr
! NOW at .*>« MISSION. TeL Sooth 'l67
Betwten Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st
Finegt Equipments at Moderate Rates..'
F. J. Monahan." Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & ol).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth,
San Francisco.
MURPHY— In 9an Rafael. October 15. t'Jf>4.
Patrick J. Murphy. beloved hcakan4 - ••¦*
Elizabeth B. Murphy, and brother of John
Murphy and Mrs. Kate Sw-nson of Sacra-
mento, a native of Sacramento, Cal., ag^d
54 years. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
E3" Notice of funeral hereafter.
CCONNOK— fn this city. October 13- WM.
Edward O'Connor, a' native of Ireland, agtd
63 years.
O'KEEFFE— In this city. October 13. 13O4.
Patrick, dearly beloved husband of Kath-
erine O'Keeffe. and father of William An-
drew and the late Mary. J«nnle and Julia
O'KeeJTe. a native of County Cork. Ireland.
ag»d 04 years.
STEWART— In this city' October 13. 19O4.
Jane, beloved wt-e of Henry Stewart, ar.d
mother of Mrs. Laura B^ll. a native of Ire-
land, aged 74 years 1 month and SO day*.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inv.ted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 a. m., from her Ut« resi-
dence. 222O Geary str»«t. between Devisadero
and Broderick. Interment Cypress Laws
Cemetery by sp«cta! car en 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
TIERNEY— In Oakiuid. October 14. 13O4w
Peter, belcved husband cf Margaret TUmey,
and father of Martin J. Tiemev. a nativa cf
Galway. Ir*l»nU. aged «i: years.
%J~ Friends end fcciiualntance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Mssday.
October 17. at 0 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, ISIS Linden street. th«nce to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a requiea
high rra*3 will be celebrated for the repes*
of his soul, commencing at 3:30 a. m. la-
terment 3t. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
UPP— In this city October 14 130*. Geors*
W.. beloved husband of Cecelia Upp. broth<»r
of Arthur and William Upp and graaJsoa
of Margaret J. Wheeland. a native of Saa
Francisco, aged 29 years 7 months aad 23
days.
C7Not!c« of funeral la Monday's paper*.
Members of Richmond Camp No. 470. W.
O. W.. take notice.
U. S. SIMOND3. Consul Commander.
J. F. O-RORKE. Clerk.
ZILLMER— In this city October 13 1804.
Adolphine. dearly beloved wife of Gottlieb
Zillmer, and mother of Henry aad Dr.
Adolph L. W. Zillmer. a nativ* of Germany.
aged «3 years lt> months and 13 dajr«. A
member of Eintracht Frauen Verein.
C7Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-moxrow
• Monday), at 1 p. m., from her Iats resi-
dence. 1C09 Mission street between SixtH
and Seventh. Interment Mount Ollvtt Ceme-
tery by electric funeral cax from E3 jhteenra
and Guerrero streets.A simply made gray gown has a
charming trimming of white lace in a
fern-like leaf "design, set • with cut
steel • beads. This outlines the lower
edge of the skirt and jacket.
Fat Folks — I reduced my weight 70
pounds, bust 6 Inches, waist 6 inches and hips
14 inches in a short time by - a guaranteed
harmless remedy without exercise or starving. I
will tell you all about It. Inclose stamp. Ad
dress MRS. B. G. RICHARDS, . ,
226 East Ninth street.
French Enterprise.
The eminent. champagne house. Moet &
Chandon, recognizing the Importance and
steadily growing -market of the United
States, has wondprfully well succeeded
in securing the better class of American
custom, now supplied with White Seal of
the renowned "1898" vintage, which at
the present time is exclusively shipped
to the States. The immense resources of
Messrs. Moet & Chandon. who own more
vineyards than all principal champagne
houses combined, enable them to keep up
the present exquisite quality for years to
come. — London Wine Circular.
Choice Table WJnes,
When obtained at Rathjen Company. 139
Mason street,* will give, entire satis
faction to the most exacting of connois
seurs. ; /?*v-: ' . ' - • ¦
_ Early. ralnB_have . swelled the stream* and
added volume . and force to every waterfall " ln
Tosemite.';.- The atmosuhere has. cleared, mi
that' remarkable views are now had of the en
tlro valley, the view from Glacier Point bf ing
superb. The stage roads are practically free
from all dust and Ideal for traveling. Sim
ilar conditions make a visit to the Ble Trees,
done en route, more than usually fine and im
pressive.
AH who would see the great ; valley at its
best ¦ should ko ¦ now. • No better .' chance - will
be afforded until next year. Folder, maps and
fullest . information regarding things to be seen,
and cost of trip, at Southern Pacific office, 613
Market street. •
Clear Weather Affords Remarkably
Fine Views — Waterfalls Booming. ,
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
A" dispatch from Honolulu June 15
said that the embezzlements in the
land office would amount to more than
$30,000 and that they had been going
on for years. " —
Winner of the Grand Prize.
(Special to The Call.)
ST. LOUIS! Oct. 15.— At the St. Louis
Exposition Hunter Baltimore Rye -has
been awarded the grand prize for the
highest order of merit ln all the elements
of a perfect whiskey. Every claim for ex
cellence and superiority is allowed, con
firmed and awarded.
BOSTON. Oct. 15. — The fierce
northeasterly gale which has swept
the Massachusetts coast for two days
and which resulted Friday in the loss
of twelve lives by the destruction of
the schooner Wentworth off Chat
ham, to-day caused the wrecking of
another schooner with the drowning
of four men. Three other vessels were
driven ashore, but the crews escaped.
The I three-masted schooner Elwood
Burton,. bound from St. John, N. B.,
for New . York, while trying to make
the harbor - at Provincetown, struck
Peaked Hlll : bar and was ground to
pieces. « Captain ' Williams and three
of the crew were lost, while the mate
and two men V were rescued, by life
savers.
- The three-masted schooner Annie
M. Allen,' bound*"* rom ; Hillsboro, N. B.,
for-. Newark," N.'Vxrij:. in ;.running for
Gloucester Harbor "ran ashore between
ROSEBERG. Or.. Oct. 15. — The
Pullman, sleeper Mount St. Helens, at
tached to the rear of the northbound
overland train, broke loose, left the
rails and plunged down a fifteen-foot
embankment while the train was run
ning at full speed last night one mile
south of "West Fork. -None of the oc
cupants of the car was killed, al
though several were slightly injured.
William Crossby. Mrs. Merrill and A.
C r Froome of ... Portland, Or., were
among those hurt.
In its mad leap .the. .car tipped over
and slid .top downward, stopping at
the i edge of the water. Had it gone
a little farther it would have gone into
Cow Creek, which ia somewhat swol
len by the .recent rains and probably
many more would have been Injured.
. The train crew entered the car
through the windows and assisted the
passengers to disengage -themselves
from the wreck. Croasby was firmly
caught by the neck between berths
and was rescued with difficulty."
Postmaster Schmidt began an Inves
tigation of Kellogg's books Thursday
night. * That afternoon he had asked
Kellogg for his box rent account The
Berkeley O31ce San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 15.
O. M. Kellogg, a clerk ln the local
postoffice, has disappeared, leaving a
•wifji and .infant, practically ¦ penniless.
Hi* acQOixnts . are in such shape that
Postal 1 nspectorVBricker was to-day
called 'in- to expert^ them; . It is esti
mated thathe is about $300'-^hort The
American 'Surety Company is on-';his
bond for $1000.
KellogS, li v ?. d at 2032 Hearst avenue.
His child' was born t\yo weeks ago. To
Mrs. Kellogg " and her* mother, who
cante to the home a month ago, Kellogg
said Thursday night that he was called
to Vallejo on Government business. He
has not been seen since. His wife is
prostrated and lies in a precarious con
dition.
HONOLULU, Oct! 15. — Judge W. J.
Robinson of the First Circuit Court
yesterday sentenced E. S. Boyd. for
mer Land * Commissioner of ' Hawaii,
to ten years' imprisonment at hard la
bor. Boyd was indicted last April on
the charge of embezzling public funds.
Pending an appeal Boyd has been ad
mitted to bail.
Heavy. Punishment Meted Out to For
mer Land Commissioner "Who
His Trust.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— The ! Earl of
Rosslyn was not at the railroad sta
tion to meet Mrs. Hugh Tevis, the
wealthy widow, when she arrived from
New York yesterday. London society
sympathizes with his lordship's addi
tional failure to capture the American
fortune, for Mrs. Tevis has returned to
London contingently engaged to Hart'
McKee, the New Yorker, who escorted
her across the ocean.
At Claridge8 Mrs. Tevis denied her
self to all callers, but she and McKee
shopped together all morning and in
the afternoon went off to Parisl It is
understood that they will be. married,
however, as soon as McKee's | divorce
docree is made absolute, as the*Erig-
Hsh .law requires only six weeks'* resi
dence, while the French law requires
six months.
New Yorker and Wealthy '.Widow* Go
Shopping in London and Then
Leave "for Paris.,
LIST OF DEAD
STILL GROWING
PLUNGES DOWN
EMBANKMENT
GUILT DRIVES
HIM FROM HOME
TEN YEARS AT HARD LABOR
- .-. -IS SENTENCE OF BOYD
MRS. TEVIS IS REPORTED
ENGAGED TO HART McKEE
clerk said he had left hft keys at home.
"Go and get them." said the Post
master. ' -*
- Kellogg left, gave his wife the fare
well message and disappeared. The
Postmaster broke open the desk and
found that Kellogg had taken the
stamp money and the box rent money.
• Kellogg was a soldier in the Philip
pines,, and after his discharge came to
Berkeley and obtained a position in the
postoffice. About a year ago he married
Miss Mabel Marlon.
Mrs. Kellogg said to-night: "I
have no idea what has become of my
husband. . I have been informed that
his money matters are in bad shape.
I can only hope for the best and bear
the trouble that has come as well as
may be. Please do not ask me to
say more." '
Kellogg was about 25 years old.
smooth shaven, black-haired, tall and
of good appearance. i >V
Norman's Woe reef and Magnolia
Point and will probably will be a total
loss. Her cagtain and crew of six
men reached shore safely.
The schooner yacht Fortune also
was driven ashore off Chatham, on
Common Flat, and life-savers have
gone to her assistance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1904.
50
HALETS. j HALE'Sl | HALE'S. I HALE'S. I HALE'S. I HALE'S. I HALE'S.
KjHjfeRj^iBSW^^fnW^^OT'l^BB^S Women's 50c Garment! at 29c — Heavy winter weight, merino vests and pants. Other gar- You will pay leas in many cases than we would have to pay if we bousrht again in the resrular
MTP gl 1?ffi''TTlP* rrffi J^ Tcwla 'i?unTnifnlft j^^in merits nt 35c, 33c and 50c; garments that are worth 75c. way. - * B^rMN^k£sJSL^LAp^^^V*^ Sa fci> Ki(i'j
Pi ¥t ii f?' &-^^SS^9^wS^MisS^Se^Wi 1800 Piecet of children's Underwear at 19c — Boys 1 undershirts at 16c, size 20, with a rise of 3c It's the result of months of careful, painstaking: buying, of straimnp: every sinew of this BlflBW'ff'ffW'Pgr'KaMKMBiWB&Effl
K*TgTnEi^2r?ir7fif Jn.$lJ»Rj^ffir'ftjfrvf on ea °h succeeding size. s pix-store strength to its utmost, of searching every corner of the market, of hunting oppor- "BflBmOl 'fl^li II fKxWflBiiyaMiniA^l^C 1
ri Br*af7JL "S" ™'*™»«MHE<ca.Nfi rayya?wti? T i Men's Heavy Merino Garment* at 39c — Fleece-lined garments at 45c, form-fitting garments at tunity and not waiting for opportunity to come to us. It's an opportunity that is better to- tfi' JftSSBSUBSOBSBBHnSnSSmBmfitiiaiirZ^&i
EaWTT* ?W«"t nV I W >£*¦ Si " W**Jll ;>> "^M* 37i^c. morrow than it will be later, for we won't be able to duplicate the values Tvhen they are gone. - ¦ ' ; '™^5Vi1liT?njit?iP" V«!-*r •"'*¦ V* "il'^U
Bvt"WL ; r ¦ »" • : i'' !.;-! : '* : ' !t *^ '' Its uiulfrwoar supply time for San Francisco. Though you may not know, dealers know how We have tilled a third of the window front with some of the underwear, so you can see it to- ** **..T» • -¦•• .. £%
B.O»,:»*i U0- " ' scarce underwear is this year, even at the higher prices. And they will be more surprised than day; see what the values mean. We will have extra help and extra space to-morrow to make
f J \m^ JOU ;ire at tliese Prices Hale's are making now. • buying as easy as can. Now let the prices talk. --S^r^+^'-^'^&'^X V
' 36^s 1 1 Women's Garments, 25c f Children's Garments | Men's Garments at 39c I f Diamond
Cambric at 1 Splendid, heavy ribbed, fleece lined Vests with long if 1 VC ;!' Heavy gray merino undershirts and drawers, splen- Rings, $10.00
S l Ac Yard V sleeves, gussets in the arms, pearl buttons and covered ;j 1800 garments at this one price. Heavy i didly made, . nicely trimmed. But it's in the warmth jj It's a chord that
Bleached. I seams. Pants have French band ; color is cream ; sizes J winter weight, ribbed, fleece lined cot- j and fi n i s h and comfort of the garments lies the unusual- 1 sounds another advance
n ?t%£ ft a^dnraffe I * 5 and 6, to sell at 25c ¦ 1 I ton ; vests- have pearl buttons. Pantalets |i ness of the value . Evefy seam is covered ; all sizes. But jj in this Hale jewelry
-ru 1 • Jr t a 1 • ? I At OQr Bearuur 50c value— A+ <t I nn Heavy Bibbed have Silesia bands and covered seams. ft J . . \ store.
The kind for dainty I MI Z3U Plaln whita Mer ino M l "**>'• u u vests and Pants— t^ rtMa n( f L, v „. ,^i t1 « c wa riav<» P v P r I vou wl11 know how unusual gray merino underwear is at ,i see these diamond
muslin underwear I Verti and Pants— Winter weight. Non-shrinking wool; in white. It S One Ol the best values we -nave ever 3 ¦> „„„„. .«^,,«,, n J f u. cin +rt e t,. M ft,««, ' rings, real diamonds set
garments and chil- I Vests nicely made and finished. gray, pink or black. Vests with 1, ac J Rverv size from 1 tO»I^ Vears. To |i 39 C a garment, .and yOU WO11 t De SlOW tO Share them. j Jn so lid gold rings. At
garmcnis ana enn pearl buttons covered seams. gussets In the arms, pearl but- nci V" • c ' vcr y &1ZC • iruin J iu *3 jv-aio. v/ ; u^ y , $ i 0 00 are such as you
cren s wear. It s a ; close-fitting cuffs and ankles; tons and covered seams. Pants sell at IQC each. ;i At i/r 0»rmeat~Cotton A+ 7Rr Wool TTndershlrts 1 would cay $13 or 114 for
special value for to- sizes 30 to 44; to sell at a9o. with French yoke band, close- - . , _•* _, „, . Ofc ,^._ «„«?. mmA !' *^ l ° ' s 2 ° Bibbed Under- *+*- * aad Drawer • — In vl- f ln lewelrv stores Beau-
rnnrToav at 8Hr a * , fitting cuffs and ankles; sizes 4. At 16c « eece 4 . Sh i rt^^n ¥k ?« "?5 '" ¦Wrt» and Srawen — Fall and cuna color only, steam shrunk. 1 ?r,>i rlear white little
morrow at C^C a . A+OQn Beyular 60c Oar- . 5 and 6; to sell at $1.00. l ,' U r , t Drawer.— All size s from 2 0 to 84. .; winter weight, form fitting; soft. nicely made and finished. Good g - diamonds fn the new Tlf-
yard. . oao ment a — Bibbed. * with a rise of 3c to each size. Color is natural j, fleec flnlshf covered seams; in $1-00 value. Now at 7Sc gar- W- fan^ s*tt?ncs Larcer
**-inr>i <?heerinr 2 t C White. Pleece-tined Vest.— A+dl O K Oneita Union Suit« I gray, well made and finished. | gray, blue and ecru; all sizes; ment. fl* ones at 814^0 and $17.5o!
7»-inch bneetinj:, 2IC . High necks, long sleeves, gus- AT $ I • *-0 _Haif wool non- 1 A+ Kflr Girl*' Wool Vesta and Pants— Nat- M 37 %c a garment. JE ™/
. sets in. the arms, finished with shrinking, white 'o7 natural 1 At bUC ?ral gray? ribbed, non-shrinking. '**° S Ai7Qr Wool Undershirt. {I Di ?
Two yards wide; * cases - pearl buttons and covered seams. gray, finished with pearl but- A ' well made and finished with pearl buttons and Jj. Ai /c- aannent — Fleece- l ' olrf and Drawers In fo ment ring? >.o reason ror
of It; regrularly _5c yard. ; Pants with French yoke band. tons and covered seams; sizes 4. \ covered seams; sizes 2 to 15 years. 50c garment. ij| t A-M «tOO lined Undershirts natural gray, winter weight. ftfi waiting now.
Its one of the best stand- : close-fitting ankles: sizes 4. 5 5 and 6; at 81^5 suit. 4 A+ fltZr* Tiyhta — In black only, ribbed me- ! !ii and Drawers — In camel's hair shirts have double front and I ¦• Solid Gold Brooches at
ard brands. Its a whim ; and 6; to sell at 39c each, ln- >l MI DOt rlno> w j nte r weight, shaped and nar- 1 color only, with covered seams, back. Drawers have double gus- ; ,.: $2.25 to $10.00. Save on
of ours to price it at 21c • stead of 50c. A* OC« Xnitted Cor«et Oov- -,l rowed, close-fitting ankles; all sizes from 3 to 15 ; non-shrlnkable; all sizes; to sell sets, well made, will not shrink; jffi! every one. All pretty,
to see how much extra ,; ni ers— Ribbed. white ;,1 years; to sell at 65c pair. I at 45c each. 79c garment. I:. new styles.
WS-MT.*. I M J^? M ?£XJ*™ S^«S|i? d At 20c MM?^ At62^cS^^^ 98c?Xr^V'^! I — 1
J and shaped, half wool, non- Ai^r. Union Suits — The -I on each size. Non-shrinking half-wool garments. ; ri~Z.I~ r I «*? ~*?£l n n l ~ all-wool ,
A Razor, $1.00 ,1 *&%¦$.?£ feiffVWS f^SS^&sS|| At^ 0 T °'^° '-» -" -— °FC]F It/C^'S EF'^£i^r« I Order by
larger,,*.,! 0 At 75c »T*ir.°L T s^ iv&atfs I ™22^.?a^^&3iyyS!25: sai.^wwas -~- s^.^^f.^if.ss k mil y
It's a Griffon razor. |5 warm quality, nicely made and pearl buttons and covered seams; =; warm winter weight; all sizes from 18 to 34. <t|OK Jersey Bibbed Under- 98c garment. ., ITiail
"moerid^o'ftwilTkwDa U finished, covered seams through- sizes 4. 5 and 6. At 45c suit. ;.. *. pq Union Suits— Girls' fleece-lined cot- .hirts and Drawers— <fcinn Wool Undershirts and |" No matter how far out of
fin™ P /d|e Ind U-s guarSn* tA out; sizes 30 to 44. At 75c A t «ft| R H Beffular S3.00 Union 8 MI , X. ton. in ecru or silver gray. Oneita I Nearly all wool, form fitting. O>I.UU Drawers — Heavy rU>- M town you may live. Write
tAd di At 7Qr Begnlar $1.25 Vests MI **> • • O U s^ t^.x n » e > ' c 7 le J b °^ $ make, buttoned across the front; sizes 3 to lo winter weight.. French neck. bed. made with > French neck. •'*! for anything in this ad.
Here's a double swing. *E l ' — In black only, rib- ed American Hosiery Co.'s make; *',: years; at 50c suit. H faced with heavy sateen. Come close fitting. Shirts with heavy Mii Send us your name so we
splf-honine Bazor Strop. !«S bed merino, with high necks and ribbed cream white, open down > : A+ fi^r Boys' Union Salts — Heavy ribbed, in gray, blue and pink; will not silk facing and pearl buttons. ! ] \'i can send you our new fall
gcj. $» long sleeves; sizes 4. 5 and 6. the front, full fashioned At i) ** 1 U ' JO natural gray, fleece-lined cotton, open | shrink. Good value at $1.50. Come in natural gray, blue and M\ catalog.
, > * Q •»•*» 79c each. $1.50 suit. "• all down the front. French necfc pearl buttons; •»* Now 81.25. tan; all sizes. ""!"• O O
— — — —^ — — —. — __ _^_ made especially for boys; ages 8 to 14 years. — —^^— —^— — —^^^-^-^
New Values Increase Interest Second Week Hale's At $ 1 .00 Sfi-?SS".!WrSS At $ 1 .50 ™» s r^ At 25c Cttfta'in Mndin a+ \^Ar
Rio- Ortnh^i- <=>\\\c Fv^nt i^§S| s^^g^|j .Mirtain muslin at 1^/2C
Ol^ v/CLvlUCl OlllV CVCI1L covered seams; sizes 3 to 15 years. for boys; ages 8 to 14 years. ., years. , 25c each. There IS Witchery in the patterns. Still greater Witchery HI
Hundreds of women saw, last week, in the unusualness of the Perhaps you have never realized how much can be done and
values they shared, how purposefully and resourcefully this big JwSS? t 1 for how. little with just simple curtain muslin. Perhaps you have
six-store power has been working toward this demonstration fj t g never seen as pretty muslins as these to cause you to think,
month, for this isn't an opportunity of a day or a week. &&&t)L **- -* ¦'< *° Light, airy effects, coin dotted, self-figured with fieur de lis and
<££$&£ . /J^Q/J^i^jZU*&W^faffl^^ other dainty patterns. Dozens of them to choose from, and all 36
We have set aside a whole month to get as many of you as we can M N^S j&tfy <*F WJ i\ V " Ljl^ -^^U^a \A~ Alt of To l/^
ia as rlo^e touch as we can with this Hale silk store. To-morrow starts fft *£> £v/ W fi •"iW- 1 WvSpM <£ W^J/\»^W~A )S^t^^\ /^l _!4< k H — inches Wide. All at 1 2^ C yard.
the perond week. New values are out. The few we tell of here point «SWj$&2 //j/k]?}^^ fjhr^* *&^^ \ AvJ^MwMvM^ Think now— for the display Is at its fullest to-morrow. Maybe it's
the way to dozens of others equally good in the store. fllij^YtiK. LL*></i IJrLvtSiLl' \>VV^#/ntl«l'W W&SXTrt W^Srul *\ T>»»r //\l -~- ¦ a canopy for the bed. or a dainty curtaining for the alcove, or a cover-
(fi¥nt*t*i-f& T y/ V^VyTT^t K/Y^rVpr'wJffVt I /£ M*S^W&HXhL iyw***"*-^ ins for the bookcase, or a drape for baby's crib. Nearly every corner of
r~*» . f f-> a « £-> • f a if/it-aS^^T^l 1 » / V^W/ I Tla^&f 7n/W I \IstrM£&rf/g e \ <s '*~^~ ¦ ¦ ¦ the home will suggest someUiins you can use some of it for. These new
rlTSt COtTie BlaCK SllkS liftf/ J ¥1 WC<\ HwAi W C<W \\Tri'JnZ/\\^=^^ = ' patterns at 12%c may suggest more.
in 3i vuni^- i^iciv^rv *^iirvo ~^fl(\* t iksW aht+Jtl I/M IvVw Y\ TW-JAy '^wflr Here are other items t0 mak0 the 8econd floor u - usualI y interesting
And first of all the black Silks. lj\ \^\-^^^^^XJf[ \\ \ Jh^^WH iS^iljl 5^^ ri^ed 0^' denim. 15c yard; 84 Art burlap iaX4c yard; flared and
An extra heavy 21-inch black taffeta at 50c yard. It's a soft. rich, lus- fifl j h «J \\ r-^_ M^ w7*»^_ JLr4//^\ 1 -^=- H&£§L-^-X~y*J65 inches wide, in a variety of pretty plain, yard wide, pretty for inexpen-
trous silk that shouldn't be lower than 65c yard. A splendid quality for Of / if \_\\ W-25 " wr^Hl^ s =Si^ - *T^l (--^Hr_>Sr TO patterns and colors. Just what sive home drapings. 12Y 3 c yard.
a drop 5kirt or petticoat. And our regular $1.00 black taffeta, that is guar- K* *S u/*- M&L^W l*/./S*^^^^ Z n ift LnnZ^nr 0 "/),^ vlr Art creton, 15c yard, 35 inches wide.
ar.t^^d. 24 inches wide, will be 75c. r *^1&0^ l? w . se \ ' laundr y or shoe ba S- ln white and linen finished grounds.
Heres a double faced peau de «oie, in black, extra heavy, 21 inches ' E&f fej ' _ -^f&S^^**' ... c >ar . also blues, reds, greens; will
wide, at 85c instead of Jl.oO. The regruiar $1.25 value, 24 inches wide, will KS -+~^^ Veitibule curtain net 30c and 35c. !??*m«- P^i««* 7^ Wr^^^l %,,. V*.
b« $1.00. And %\JOO Islack poplini at 70c yard, 20 inches wide; splendid xS&^z^-^; *£.Q3 ' New effects in sash curtains, dainty clotnes Closet or co\enns ror tne
b!ark silks that are being used extensively for wraps and costumes, fine. >* *^~'£S&^^^^^ S^ " ' appliqued borders, in fine Swiss net. lounge.
soft finish. 70c yard. ' *¦• . ¦ 30c and 35c yard. Curtain net 12^c yard, ln the heavy
A 22-inch black surah silk at 75c yard, bright and soft, the kind you «•¦».!«* nr attr tSTisussrs HrAnonAHTEBB at sax.e*s Curtain scrim 5c yard, ecru laca °Pfn weave. 3<f inches wide, in white
Trill want for men's neckerchiefs. If you are going to make one for SAHTA CLATTS ESTABLISHES HEADQUARTERS AT HALE'S. striped scrim for half sash or full onl y-
Christmas it's time to start in. Another one. 22 inches wide, extra heavy. . ¦>— — - . «-^. «¦ length curtains for the bed cham- Tapestry 35o yard. Oriental stripes.
at J 1.00; 24 inches w^e at $1.25. #? -^ _.-. Jm A g* 1^- ..1^^^ *m I l^ll ber, attic or basement windows; 36 nice cozy corner draping, or for
strip^^^^^ - hlte ™* "" UranCl Army VtiriStmOS IJOllS inches wide 5C yard. _^____cou : h 1 rbox C overing.
.s P i«S?b™fl c re «^l..pe. Makes a First Massed Move on San Francisco From Hale's A Sale of White Flannel
ont r a°r?r e etS coSume^k!' nT'au pHcCd tO c ° mpletC ' the oc " io,ooo strong. Dolls of all ages, of all sizes, of all degrees ;-bisc dolls, kid body dolls, As Important as It Is Out of the Ordinary
«maiF° P ei*vei CO dots oSs with Blllck Meirose suitings at 40c yard. Httle soldier dolls, Indian dolls, handsomely dressed dolls, with the hair dressed in the latest , . . . . . ,
dashes and little str'ipes. The very mauria'f wide ' 3 " w ° ol> the favorlte style (pompadour effect, Dutch cut or parted on the side). Lots of dolls with natural hair. It For white flannels are as staple as coal is ¦ in winter time. And
silks for waists or shirt waist cos- Mohair . alpaca 35c yard, 42 inches seems as though all the dolls of Dollville were here and ready to join in this first attack. white flannels are seldom found under price. They are hard to
Ume8 ' rnchVSdi. lY e «o vtrf fabri ° : 5 ° The third floor (scene of battle). For we have let 'the doll's secret out of the bag. and we know moth- get at full prices now. Yet full prices are much more than
And here are the new orange velvets. -J'^. .* 1. . y * 1 . . ers and little girls and every one who is thinking of giving a doll for Christmas will join issue and antici- voii'll nav to-morrow at Hale's We want to Cet VOU in closer
Broadtail velvets, that are being C1 l*SS*f *u 75c , yard v! 5 ? * nches wide : pate this move of the dolls by attacking them first. > Oil 11 pay tO-morrow at ricUC :>. VVCWdui LU S CL uu 1U tujscr
used «t««lvriy for suits; the new v^-aJl^ -ool^ chevi .ots. sponged . And eyery one wi n want to be in the front rank, for it's a doll movement typical of Hale's. Early? Yes touch With the blgneSS of this flannel Store. Here are
oranre^but al^the Mtst °rr^nR C^ U ! < L n '•'"adcloth «ix>o yard; 50 (though Christmas is gettine nearer every day), and bigger than any similar movement we have ever held. More r\-j • i \\/ | Pi. «4- OO^ \?*~A
IndWuesfor Jl.S U d ?5io*£X t &5S&?&%£8 n I* 1 & ia 5;uto d °!J S P, rettier ™<\ * lOWCr L tha ? WC haVC C 7 er ,u bee ? r ablC them fo r before. Some of them so b« 27HnCh W OOl ManneiS at ZZC Y aVQ
i suc< Kinari y W a, 6u in. wiQe. and you almost expect them to move and talk. More of them to-morrow than there will be at any
1 time later. But the army will be ready to-morrow, encamped on the third floor. Dozens, as pickets, are stationed Just 40 pieces of it; just the kind for children's wear or any use yon
/¦"Vkf-f^M D| o -,t. a f tAA. tc\ /-» ' t« r» a. ' *~ in the window to-day. Reinforce yourselves with the children. Thev will be tickled to see them. The prices may want to put it to. It's a splendid quality. You will understand better
votlon DianKetS l^OX/O) Copper. 1 ea FOt 65C for such beautiful dolls will interest you parents. Here are some of them. how unusual it is when you see it at 22c yard.
£$$^0 W^M^^m 15=Inch Doll at 45c At *i^ "s^-^aAFS^S --^3^8^*8:
Ttart „ opportunity for bi S ffi^iti? 1g.?%,»"ft VK - Ifs a 75. Wd boov do,,, with *sc h M d. n Uu S hs and wi,, to E£^S« J^iSl^^l "SB: SSUg? J3fe & SSS
? «rs aSWC Has S m 1 ,lu«r S tosh a r e . S? u « a SS,,JSl >^?« t0 .™?SS to >I«p. ,if yo ? want it to It has real eyelashes and Se w e d mohair wi e that S'.llSs." 1 "* »«»"'•'»•'•">« * ,,„ Md „„„. wear
It's as good as it is unusual. Here „.„„„, v ~ i, * ** « , , , * looks like real hair, parted in the middle; lace stockings and slippers. The -,^_ „ „,, . ¦. -'¦ 2 -« « "-1 32 Inches wide, at 40c; 33 Inches at Berg;* flannel 60c yard, 85 laehe«
»re Urger t izes; s« 7 o « 74 c pair; . X 'Z& JE&*Jft« v tSgg Uut - }*«« «"* riveted to make them strong. ,5 in. dol, at «e that shou.d At $2.45 Jg *«- fiS ill ffiT&ftSS.^' " ZCt
20c lace stockings and slippers. 95o. dressed in fancy dress, with bon- " ew ?" bur " ' shade, blonde and $1.50 yard. *^. cream coior, „< inzaz* wia*
*OL B7 A* a*mt B"^* shakers 13c; and pepper shak- net to match. Regularly 85c. Spe- i" net 5 e '^, Pressed in fancy, slip. -.
*^"h'S B ,?d*p7n ; 35 hiid, I '3 k pn?I at *' 1 ' 5hn d pi.rch.S- et . t M5s%yS th »"- 'U™ rxt.tA '?h.^nifer","'^ P, ,*"*?,• ««>*. "an°Tnd' .Sctft again this week. Particulars at M-J?t$2S?aZ5Z£^