Reports from Russian sources give a more hopeful view of the situation of General Kuropatkin's army. That commander has reoccupied and holds the
town of Shakhe, the possession of which for several days was first with one and then with another of the contending armies. Reports from the Russian left
wing, about the safety of which there had been much anxiety, are no later than the night of October 13; It had been fighting for two days for the
possession of Tumen Pass, an important strategic point, but up to the time of sending tHe last dispatch the Japanese were still in possession of the pass. There
is no indication that the end of the great battle is at hand. ... *
LEGIONS IN
COMBAT ON THE SHAKHE FIGHT ON WITH BULLDOG FEROCITY FEROCITY
AND ONLY THE ANNIHILATION OF EITHER ARMY CAN END THEIR
DEATH GRIP
RIVAL COMMANDERS AT PORT ARTHUR AND IN THE BATTLE OF," THE SHAKHE RIVER.
Continued on ¦ Page 2, ; Column 1.
TOKIO, Oct. 17. ¦"— JThe Russians
fiercely assailed General bku's left
column yesterday and made six counter
attacks. - all • of -which were successfully
repulsed;- At .sunset, when the last
telegram was sent from the field, .the
Russians were advancing for a seventh
attack.- Field : Marshal • Oyama. reports
that the "Russian losses in these attacks
were heavy. HBR*flttflHflfl - •
Oku Holds His Positions Against
Fierce Assaults.
SIX ATTACKS REPULSED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
McCOOL, Neb., Oct. 17. — Engineer
James O'Connell of the Burlington
road dropped dead of heart disease at
his throttle soon after his train had
left here on its run to St. Louis last
night.
The train was running at high
speed when the fireman' chanced to
glance at the engineer and observed
that a peculiar pallor had overspread
his . face arid that .his body appeared
rigid. He went over and touched 'the
engineer'and was shocked to find that
he was dead.
The discovery was made when the
train had reached a point a consider
able distance from here.- The fireman
backed the. trajn intoMcCool. another
engineer was Supplied arid it ywent on
,t»St. Louis. . . T ;
Wires Arranged So That Heated Tem
perature Will at Once Summon
the Department.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— As a precau
tion against disastrous fires automatic
alarm lines, running direct to the Fire
Department, are being installed in
Chicago theaters. The wires are con
nected with the sprinkler systems and
when the atmosphere becomes heated
beyond a certain degree the alarm is
turned in automatically.
Thirty-six registers, controlling as
many theaters, are being added to the
fire alarm instruments now in the ser
vice of the city. As soon as a blaze
starts the alarm rings In at the City
HalL "Without waiting for further no
tice the nearest engine company to
the fire Is sent to the* scene. -
AUTOMATIC FIRE ALARMS
FOR CHICAGO THEATERS
Train Races On With
No Hand at the
Throttle.
Special Dlzpatch to The Call.
NASHUA, N. H., Oct. 17.— A will
case, one of the most interesting
brought in a Xew Hampshire court in
years, was begun in the Superior
Court here this afternoon before
Judge Pike. The dispute arises over
the disposition of the property left by
the late Miss Mary A. Burns, a niece
of the late Father O'Donnell, the first
Irish Catholic clergyman to settle in
Nashua.
Under the terms of the will certain
California cousins were given sums
ranging from 51000 to $5000 and sev
eral public bequests were made,
among the largest beneficiaries being
the parish of the Immaculate Concep
tion in this city. The Rev. Philip J.
O'Donnell. pastor of St. Phillips
Church in Boston, was named execu
tor.
»Miss Burns left an estate amount
ing to many thousands of dollars. The
heirs, represented by Mrs. Mary A.
McCabe of San Francisco, contest on
the ground that Father O'Donnell had
exercised undue influence.
The first witness to-day was Mrs.
May Manning Perkins of- PIttsfield,
Mass. She said she spoke with Miss
Burns at the making of her. willand
she appeared to be in her right mind.
In. opening for Mrs. McCabe, counsel
dwelt mainly on the frequent r visits of
Father O'Donriell to the Burns home.
As a result of these visits he attempt
ed to show that there has been undue
influence.
ENGINEER
FALLS DEAD
IN HIS CAB
California Heirs Al
lege Undue
Influence.
MUKDEN, Oct. 17, 1:30 p. m.— The
Russian forces at 11, o'clock this fore
noon penetrated the Japanese center
and captured twelve. guns and 150 pris;
oners east of the railway. At .another
point during the day the Siberian regi :
ments took twenty-four guns. '.
The Russian operations to-day have
been quite successful. The Japanese,
after a terrifically stubborn resistance,
were compelled to retire along their
whole line. The positions they aban
doned were ' found filled with the Jap
anese dead. In one large trench there
were counted 600 corpses.
In spite of .their losses the Japanese
are undaunted. They have brought up
siege guns and have left no stone un
turned to maintain the mastery of the
situation. Every step the Russians
have pushed forward to-day has been
In the face of a resistance that has cost
the Russians dearly. The . Japanese
seem to be willing to fight until they
are annihilated.
TERRIFIC CANNONADING.
Throughout the whole of Mukden
there can be distinctly heard cannon
ading, to the south, which is raging
more fiercely than on previous. days of
the fight, which is. now entering on the
second week. The Hesperateness of the
battle, especially near i Shakhe, has riot
been equaled since the war began. The
ferocity, of the fighting; has driven out
of the minds of ¦ the soldiers all
thoughts of personal safety and the
troops, living; in an atmosphere: of sud
den death.. have lost every "desire save
to conquer. -.The losses on both sides
have been enormous,- but this 'is forgot
ten ¦' In '; the , crowding,- of , dreadful "events
upoii one another. The flghtiqg. contin
ues ; without intermission. <
: The wounded from the fight at ; Tu
men Pass say, that some positions were
under" 1 fire .by.' both .sides,- and^ that! it
was Impbfisible to" remove ;the Wounded.
It is alleged ) that Japanese searching
parties,^ working, at night,^ hailed - the
wounded, "and.; ; whenever. :. rtply was
made in Russian, . bayoneted the suffer-
ers. Some, It is said, saved themselves
by feigning death. The Russians re
moved about 300 wounded" under fire
from Japanese guns.
STORM JAPAN'S TRENCHES.
Yesterday the Russians were not only
successful ; on . their right but carried
out some .brilliant movements on the
left, where they assumed an energetic
offensive against the Japanese posi
tion at Soukhetung, southeast of Hun
Pass. Soukhetung Is on the high road
which runs to Bentslaputze, Joining the
Mandarin road where the Hun River
intersects it. It is a mile north of Hun
Pass, which Is four miles north of
Shakhe. '-1 ..." ','.-,
The Petrovsky, Neuchlet and Wll
minstran regiments stormed the Jap
anese trenches at Soukhetung and car
ried them after desperate resistance,
capturing ten guns. The Japanese
losses were enormous. • '
On Saturday at midnight the Vallko
lutsk regiment moved out of its posi
tion north of. Shakhe to capture the
village of Fishlnpu. The Russians
crept up quietly and then charged with
the bayonet, clearing out the Japanese
at the south end of the village. But
at the other end stood a Buddhist
Temple, which the Japanese had con
verted Into a fortress. They dug a deep
trench around Its stone, walls and sur
rounded them with wire entanglements,
making it impossible to* storm the tem
ple. ;.-¦:':
FAIL TO BREACH THE WALLS.
The Russians- brought up artillery,
under cover of the darkness, and tried
to breach the walls at a distance of
800 paces, .but the shells ; proved 7irief
fective, and,. unfortunately, notTalFthe
corps were provided with field mor-"
tanC with which they . could' have
quickly converted the temple tato
ruins. "Therefore." the Russians ' were
forced ; to leave the Japanese '¦, in ".p6s-~
"session fof;the'..ternpie,"r arid during the
whole t of , yesterday the - Russians held
one-half of the village and the:Japan
esevthe' other half. ' v ,
A pool of .water in the. village. square
RussiansAgain Advance South of the River and
¦ the Japanese Center Is Pierced.
separated the combatants, forming a
sort of neutral lake. The Russian. and
Japanese soldiers -^occupied neighbor
ing • huts j and '.from • the ; shelter, of -the
earthen walls of the Chinese courtyards
they hurled abuse and Jokes at each
other,' to the accompaniment of occa
sional rifle bullets when any one was
rash' enough to show his head.- -
* , The village of Lamming, on the south
aide ; of the • Shakhe River., and - slightly
east , of the railroad, also . was simul
taneously .occupied by Russians and
Japanese. ~-~l
CARRIED BY ASSAULT.
At 3 o'clock in tHe afternoon the Rus
sian offensive operations were crowned
with success and the Russian right
moved forward to the village of Wu
chang, , which was carried by a bril
liant assault, the Japanese finally
abandoning it with heavy loss.
At 5 o'clock the Russians occupied
the village of Chenllanpu. which lies
almost parallel with LJnchlnpu, on the
north side of the Shakhe River and to
the westward . of the point where it
bends south. This concluded the fight
ing at the Shakhe River on Sunday.
. Owing, to -the, capture of Chenlianpn
by the , Russians, the Japanese will be
compelled to finally evacuate Linchln
pu,. which, is or the greatest importance
to the Russians, as its possession will
enable . them . to roll up , the Japanese
left and go to", the help of the Russian
center by. enfilading the Japanese
flank. - .".; ...
CLERGYMAN
ACCUSED IN
WILL CASE
KUROPA TKIN'S INFANTRY
TAKES THIRTY-SIX GUNS
HEADQUARTERS OF THE THIRD
JAPANESE ARMY (before Port Ar
thur), . Tuesday. Oct. 1L— After the
battle of Nanshan Hill on May 27 tha
Japanese pursued the retreating Rus
sians to the southwest. Before their
retreat the Russians evacuated Dalny.
In, their retirement the Russians swept
past Dalny to a position on the heights
six miles to the southeast.
On the right flank along the railway
the Japanese drove the Russians as
far as Anshu Mountain, eighteen miles
northeast of Port Arthur, where they
made a stand. . Their line extended
across the peninsula to Socho Mountain
on the east coast, ten . miles northeast
of Port Arthur. The center rested on
two hills, Waito Hill, which is 1100 feet
high. and'Flng'Hilli renamed Ken Hill
by the -Japanese, which is 1200 feet
high.
The position "was a strong one. but
owing .to the great height of the hllla
the Russians left - many dead on the
ground. - the irregular line of the Rus
sians making the approach of the Jap
anese under cover comparatively easy.
The Russian force consisted of rem
nants of the Fifth, Thirteenth. Four
teenth and Twenty-eighth regiments of
sharpshooters, but was later increased
by some troops from Port Arthur, the
number of which was unknown.
The Japanese occupied the lower
range of hills and held a line in front
of the Russians across the peninsula
from Daishe Mountain, east of Anshu
Mountain, to the west coast. The dis
tance between the two forces was from
a mile to a mile and a half.
OCCUPATION* OF DALNY.
These relative positions were occtt
pied from May 2S to June 28. durin?
which period there was no fighting.
with the exception of occasional skir-
Liishes between scouts in the valley
which separated the two armies.
Dalny was entered by the Japanese
on May 29. Many public and privata
buildings there had been destroyed by
the Russians previous to> the evacua
tion and the city was looted by the
Chinese before the Japanese troops ar
rived. Owing to the existence of many
mines in the outskirts of the city and
in Tallen Bay. the headquarters of the
third army was landed on June 5 from
Kerr Bay, on the seacoast. seven miles
northeast of Dalny.
In the reorganization -of the second
and third armies after the arrival oX
General . Nogl. the first division, which
pursued the Russians after the ba turn
of Nanshan Hill, was made part of th«
third army.
On Jane 26 General Nogi a< . vanced
against the Russian "position- The ad
vance was begun by the left wing and
Besiegers Are Still Far
From the Inner
Fortress.
First. Jews from the
Japanese Lines at
Port Arthur.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— John H.
Gay of San Diego, the scandalized mil
lionaire, was before the Supreme Court,
sitting in bane to-day, to fight another
round in his famous divorce case. His
wife, who was the beautiful Lucile
Daniel of Los Angeles before her mar
riage, was not- there. The motion to
dismiss Mrs. Gay's appeal was denied
and the motion to kill the famous affi
davits accusing Judge Torrance of San
Diego of being drunk while trying the
case was lost.
The court was sarcastic in dealing
with Gay, and stung by this fact and
the lcng-contlnued notoriety he broke
his silence at last. ; ;
It was the first time he told his side
and he burst out in a blaze against
his wife. He claims that she threw
dustpans at him, tried to kill him with
carving knives and then tried to make
him pay her $100,000 to come back to
live with him. Gay says the court
found there was nothing in the charges
of cruelty that Mrs. Gay made against
him. He claims the court found him to
be the injured one and that Mrs. Gay
was found guilty of numerous acts of
cruelty.
"The principal of these was a bat
tery committed by Mrs. Gay upon Gay
on the steps at their home with a dust
pan, by which she had inflicted upon
him a severe wound above the eye.
After having done this, he says indig
nantly, and while the blood still spurt
ed, she coldly turned and walked up
stairs without offering to render him
any assistance or expressing a regret.
One of the most sensational charges
is one that Mrs. Gay offered to forgive
him for $100,000. '
Gay claims he loaned Papa-in-law
Daniel JSO.000 at his wife's behest and
when after two years he sought to re
cover the money she dubbed him a mi
ser, wretch and fool. She left him next
day and brought suit for divorce.- He
says he had to pay her to get nice
treatment. , » v;>-
Erecial Dispatch to The Call
BOSTON. Oct. 12.— Pugilist Joe Wal
cott, the "Barbadoes Wonder," ended
his fighting career at 1 o'clock this
morning by killing Nelson Hall at a
negro dance and shattering his own
haad. He is at the City Hospital and
may die from the loss of blood and
rr.r>i»4 paisodnc, .*""...-*.-...•-,,*—^^—>^ —
"Waleott's story is that he was show
ing Hail a loaded British pistol bought
abroad, when it exploded in his hand,
firing three shots in quick succession,
being automatic and firing until stop
ped. He claims the- bullets went
through his right hand, entering Hall's
heart. Hall fell dead in his wife's
arms in an anteroom, where all were
sitting out the dance.
The police story is that Walcott had
a quarrel and that after Hall died the
crowd chased .Walcott, who then shot
himself. Three policemen guard his
bed and Walcott is under arrest
charged with murder. He became un
conscious at 3 o'clock this morning and
death may come.
Hall had a large family and was a
reighbor of Walcott. Some assert
there was bad blood and a grudge.
Others hold the accident theory. Wal
cott maintains it was an accident.
Special Di*ra.tch t° Tti» Call.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Oct. 17. — During
.he greater part of last week a fine
ooking, splendidly dressed man visit
ed Fostoria and the fact that he ap
peared to be paying assiduous court
to Mis* Virsrinla. Botto attracted at
.fntion. The young man was Bernard
J*. ¦. Kaya of Niagara Falls,. N-Y-, Fri
:ay it v.-as reported that the couple
aad left on the morning train for
Buffalo and would be married to-day.
When the conductor went through
'.he train the young woman managed
:o convey to him the intelligence that
the was in trouble and asked for as
sistance. When the opportunity pre
tented itself he joined her during the
temporary absence of her suitor and
heard her story.
Miss Botto told the conductor that
the was going to Niagara Falls to
s:arry the man who accompanied her
and that she was being forced into
the marriage by a relative and *De
Fava. She said the would-be bride
groom had threatened to kill her un
less £he married him. She told the
conductor that she had a brother in
California who would care for her if
Ehe could get away and join him and
that she was willing to do anything if
the conductor would assist her. When
asked how she expected to get to Cali
fornia, even if she escaped from her
Suitor, she replied that she had 5200
In her purse with which to pay her
expenses.
As the division of the Nickel Plate
ends at Bellevue and as the conduct
ors change there, giving no opportu
nity for the conductor to effect her
rescue, he told her he would tell her
story to the man who took the train
on and urge him to do what he could
for her. When the change was made
the conductor told his successor the
story. On reaching Buffalo the new
conductor told the station agent the
story as rapidly as possible and suc
ceeded in enlisting his services before
the couple left the train- As they
did so, the conductor motioned to Miss
Eotto to Join him. which she did after
tn apclogy to her escort- After In
troducing her to the agent the chiv
alrous conductor joined De Fava and
engaged him in conversation, at the
earne time summoning a policeman.
While the conversation was in prog
ress the agent had hustled the young
wcman to a nearby hotel and secured
a room for her, warning the hotel
people to report that she was not In
the house in case Inquiry should be
made.
Miss Botto was kept in hiding until
it was found that she had. lost her
reason because of the strain of the
l2£t few days. She was taken to a
hospital and a brother residing here
notified by telegraph. He brought her
hcme this morning. The change in
her appearance is horrifying:. She
kr.o-xs no one and thinks every one
wishes to kill her.
STOESSEL
HOLDS NOGI
IN CHECK
Miss Botto Taken From Her Home
in Ohio, but Is Rescued by
Conductor on the Train.
Says She Threw Dust Pans at Him
and .Offered to Forgive Him
for $100,000.
His Pistol Takes life of Fellow Negro
and Shatters His Own
Hand.
Breaks Long Silence -With
Sensational Charges
Against Spouse.
Attempt Made by Man to
Force Marriage Upon
Her.
Pugilist Accused ol Murder,
But Asserts It Was
an Accident.
Millionaire Loses His
Temper and Talks
About Wife.
Kills a Man and Is
Himself Near
Death.
Young Girl Loses
Reason Under
Strain.
SARCASM
OF JURIST
STINGS GAY
DRIVEN MAD
BY THREATS
OF WOOER
WALCOTT
FIGURES IN
A TRAGEDY
The San Francisco Call.
THE THEATER3.
ALCAZAR— *Th# Way of tie World."
ALHAMBRA— Sousa's Baad. Matln«e
to-day.
CALIFORNIA— "A Texas Strer."
CENTRAL— "Davy Crockett."
COLUMBIA — "San Tor."
CHUTES — Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— "Down the Line."
GRAND— "Arizona."
MAJESTIC — "A Japanese JTljfctlajale"
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI — "Der Raatelblader."
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 140.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast raad« at San Francisco for
thirty hours endlnjr midnight. Octo
ber IS:
Sas Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Tueifiay. with lnerea*!:^ cloufiinew in
the afternoon and r.isht: llfht north
Trind. chassis* to* westerly.
A. H. McADIE. District Forecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTSI- . DENVER, Oct. 17.— DaVld C: TUng .and Miss
, Vera ¦> Dawion, '.teachers ?. In r the , East - Denver
High School, . died to-day from injuries received
*o a ©caching accident at Golden. — '
:¦¦ NEW YORK, "Oct." 17.— The new battleship
Colorado, which a was . rec*htly - launched - at
Philadelphia,*, to-day arrived at : the New .York
Navy Yard, where tier suns will be mounted.' - ,
Tou Cure a Cold in. OneJ Day
Take . Laxative . Bromo s Quinine .; Tablets. AH
druggists refund ' the money if U ¦ falls to cure
X. W. ' Qrove'a slfnituz* , la oa ractx box. 25c •
Low Rate for G. A. It. Encampment.
DENVER, Ocu 17.— The Western
Passenger Association has- granted a
rate of 1 cent a mile for -the. Grand
Army Encampment to be held in Den-
tt ; Itching, -Blind.' Bleeding or Protruding Pil«a.
Your druggist will refund money if PAZO OINT
MENT fails to cure you in 0 to 14 ' days." 60c' •
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Judke Henry
Martyn Shepard of. the Apellate Court,
for. more than twenty, years a . member
of the, Cook. County judiciary, died here
to-day of; acute meningitis.
Well Known Judpre Succumbs.
RENO. Oct. 17. — The switch crews
and engineers and firemen here and at
Sparks have been on strike ¦ all 'day.
They want -shorter hours from" the
'Southern Pacific Company, but this the
'officials have been unable to grant. The
¦result is a complete tie-up of all frt.i«rht
"trains," though a few cars are being
•moved by work trains between Reno
and . Sparks. The yards in both towns
are filled, with trains waiting- to be
made up. At a late hour to-night' there
were no signs of a peaceful adjustment
of the trouble and a serious condition
is looked for.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Strike of Railroad. Men in
Reno Causes Blockade of
Several Trains in Nevada
SWITCH CREWS
TIE UP FREIGHT
LONDON. Oct. 17.— The Daily Tele
graph's St. . Petersburg correspondent
gives credit to the report that Russia
is purchasing seven fast cruisers, three
each' from Chile and Argentina and one
from -Brazil.
Russia Negotiating for Cruisers.
"We have robbed ourselves of that
priceless quality— initiative," said an
old general to-day; 'if we had not
done this the crisis might have found
u? fertile instead of barren. We might
have produced such fighting men as
America threw to the top in the civil
war; such conquerors as so often led
the Russians against the Turks."
It is obvious that the deepest minds
in the country regard the outlook as
desperate. They assert that the Man
churian campaign, barring the retreat
from Liaoyang (which, after all, was
a negative achievement) has been ut
terly disappointing. That Russia is
reaping what she sowed is the verdict
of critics both impartial and compe
tent.
ST." PETERSBURG, Oct. 17.—De
spite the staggering blow Kuropatkin
has received, the Government Is de
termined to continue the war. The
Czar is uncompromisingly militant and
finds none among his official advisers
to counsel peace. Further mobiliza
tion, the accumulation of additional
provisions and a general straining to
ward still more heroic efforts are the
facts that greet the observer in the
midst of the confused babble of the
salons. ' ~
Further 3fobflization of Troops Fol
lows the Shakhe Defeat.
CZAR SCOFFS AT PEACE.
p: G. Clark, Thirteenth In
fantry, ' reported . at : headquarters ' yes
terday. He is on; leave and is' staying
at 1321 Sutter street.
.: .The court-martial : of Lieutenant
George S.. Richards •¦ Jr. will " be re
sumed at 10 o'clock this morning at
the 1 Presidio. * '
Colonel David P. Heap, United
States engineer' corps, division ' en
gineer of the Pacific Dlvison, left Sun
day on the' steamer' Santa Rosa for
Pasadena. He goes on a four months'
leave and will retire from the service
on February 15, 1905. : His departure
places the duties of -the office on the
shoulders of Lieutenant ' Colonel
Thomas H. Handbury, who, on the
retirement '. of Colonel ' Heap, will ' be
promoted to the rank of colonel.
General Moore replied in' fitting
terms and then cordially shook hands
with his new assistants, Major Sam
uel W. Dunning, Major Henry M.
Morrow, Colonel W. S. Patten, Cap
tain George W, Ruthers, Colonel Al
fred C. Girard, Lieutenant Colonel W.
H; Comegys, Major G. O. Squier, Lieu
tenant John D.~ Yost, Captain John J.
Bradley, Captain J. W. McAndrew
and Captain M. B.' Curry.
General MacArthur and his staff are
now fully installed in. the new offices
of the Division of the Pacific in the
Grant building. They occupy the en
tire top floor, comprising twenty
rooms. ¦" ' ' .¦•••.-
Brigadier General Francis Moor*
took up his duties as commander of
the Department of California at noon
yesterday. At that hour General Mac-
Arthur'called the department staff to
his office and presented 'its members
to ; the • new commandant. General
MacArthur said that during his-term
of office as department commander
his labors had been made easy by the
efficient service the staff had ren
dered and he was sure that the same
serious attention to detail would be
accorded under the- new commandant.
General Francis Moore Relieves Gen
eral MacArthur of i Portion
. ' of His Duties.
ASSUMES COMMAND OP THE
DEPARTMENT OP CALIFORNIA
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— The New York
Volunteer Fire Department to-day ten
' dered a' reception to ; the delegation of
the San Francisco department which
is. visiting the. large" Eastern .cities. Be
fore the reception j the New York de
partment .gave a searchlight., drill.
the banquet the Californians were wel
comed to the city. J. W. Glaser of San
I Franci^fco responded. He said: •
We are not equal to yon In the excellence of
your department, but the time Is not far dis
tant when we hope to have delegations of New
Yorkers com« West to learn a few things about
fire fighting.
Commenting on the searchlight drill,
Captain Kehealey, who was detailed
by the Fire Department of San Fran
cisco to accompany the delegation,
said:
That is one of the things which I will try to
have Introduced In San' Francisco. The im
mense power of the light is a great help, espe
cially in the narrow buildings, which makes the
apparatus a necessity. The ease with which
the lights were taken oft the engines and car
ried to buildings a hundred or. more yards dis
tant was remarkable. You certainly have the
greatest Fire Department in the world.
To-morrow the visiting firemen will
witness an exhibition drill at fire head
quarters and later will be given an op
portunity | to see the flreboat New
Yorker in 'action.
Fire Companies of New York
Give an Exhibition Which
Impresses the Westerners
CALIFORNIANS
ATTEND DRILL
\ At the meeting last night the ques
tion was fully discussed with the result
that the delegates to the Labor Coun
cil were instructed by their union to
defend the rights of the Barbers' Union
In declining to accede to the request of
the owners of the Modern shop.
Delegates H. Hilker and William
Koch, who had been in attendance at
the Barbers' International Convention
in St. Louis, made an informal report
of the doings of the convention, which
was well received by the members of
the union. One share of stock of the
Co-operative Meat Company was sub
scribed for.
The trained nurses at the Citv and
County Hospital invited the co-opera
tion of the Labor Council in taking the
management of that institution out of
politics. XX V ,
The proprietors of the Model barber
shop sent a communication to the La
bor Council requesting that the price
for shaving be reduced from 15 to 10
cents/claiming that their customers re
fuse to pay the present price. The com
munication was referred to the Jour
neymen Barbers' Union.
L. Rentelman of the Cooks' Union
was elected to represent the Labor
Council at the forthcoming convention
of the American Federation of Labor.
Printing Pressmen's Union elected
the following officers for the ensuing
term: President, S. P. Kane; vice pres
ident, C. W. Radebold; recording sec
retary, James H. Roxburg; financial
secretary, W. G. Wittman; treasurer,
John F. Lyons; executive committee —
L. S. Hamer, W. Dye, A. W. Nutting,
R. Davis and W. Purie; finance com
mittee — George Spobner, C. A. Farrell,
J. J. Crackborn and H. Tietjen; bank
ing * committee— W. J. Farrell, J. J.
Kronholm and C. A. Hoffman; mem
bership committee — E. Harrison, W.
Fischer and C. S. Hermance; delegates
to Allied Printing Trades Council, W.
Griswold and E. Peterson; delegates to
Labor " Council— G. B. Benham, Joseph
P. White, W. J. McKanney and R. G.
Rice; delegates to American Federation
of ; Labor, George Sauer and G. B. Ben
ham.
A committee consisting ol Nick
Blum, George Tyrrell and H. L. Fos
ter, representing the Cigar-makers'
Union, will wait on Mayor Schmitz
this r forenoon and demand a positive
answer from him in regard to his
stand in the case against Police Com
missioner Drinkhouse.
Matt Canovan was elected at the
last meeting of the Wagon-makers'
Union to represent them at the Con
vention of the American Federation of
Labor.
More than 27,000 -names have been
aided to the y membership of *the
United Brotherhood : of Carpenters
during the last year, placing the mem
bership '¦at; 100,000.
The Bridge and Wharf Builders';
Union adopted a resolution' instruct
ing Its "members to vote for -proposed
amendments of ; the constitution for
the improvement of .the water front
and the exemption from taxation of all
vessels .registered in this State. An
amendment to the by-laws changing
the regular meeting night from Satur
day to \ Tuesday was adopted.
.Preparations are being made for the
souvenir ball to be given by. the
Pressmen's ; Union at . Mechanics' Pa
vilion Saturday evening.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the
Building Trades Council, returned from
his Eastern trip Sunday- morning
and received a hearty welcome from
his associates on his arrival. McCarthy
and his party proceeded to the Building
Trades Council hall, where he gave a
brief account of his duties while repre
senting the many crafts allied with the
organization that he represented at Mil
waukee./-^-^
At a recent meeting the Building
Trades Council adopted a resolution
condemning the proposed ordinance to
limit, the speed of cars to eight miles
an, hour. •, The . same body favored the
amendment providing for an expendi
ture of $2,000,000 J for the improvement
of the water front in extending the sea
wall.
President of Building Trades Council
Is RojallylWelcomed by Asso
ciates on --Arrival.
p. h. McCarthy returns • )
FROM HIS EASTERN TRIP
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 18, 3:15
a. in. — The news from the front .last
night was more reassuring from the
Russian standpoint. The situation is
still regarded as being critical, but
General Kuropatkin is apparently hold
ing the Japanese firmly on his center
and right wing, even having re
crossed the Shakhe River, and while
there are rumors of extensive Japanese
flanking movements, both on the west
and on the east, there is no evidence
that they are actually occurring.
General Kuropatkin"s left has "been
heard from. The press has the first
connected report of the four days'
fighting from the front of Tumen and
Saitchoun passes, resulting in the final
withdrawal of the strong Russian col
umn, which had been sent to turn the
Japanese right, though General Mlst
chenko seems to have actually pene
trated a considerable distance inside
the Japanese line. The report of the
operations of tho Russian left wins is
still three days eld, and since that time
no news hus been received from this
colunti;.
KUROPATKIN'S POSITIONS.
The situation at this date may be de
scribed as follows:
General Kuropatkin has slightly ad
vanced his center, reoccupying Shakhe,
south of the Shakhe River. Directly be
hind him, at a distance of nine miles,
lies the Hun River, and across the
bridges spanning this stream the Rus
sians must retire in case they retreat
on Mukden. General Kuropatkin must
continue to firmly hold his center and
right flanks, in order to prevent the
Jcpane&e getting possession of the Hun
River bridges. Thus he will cover the
withdrawal of his apparently beaten
left wing.
There is still considerable uncertainty
as to the disposition of this left column.
Certainly it has not returned to Muk
den; whether it is again advancing
after its withdrawal is not known.
It is no longer a question of a Rus
sian Sedan, although all hope of re
lieving Port Arthur apparently must
be abandoned. Little hope is expressed
that Kuropatkin will' be able to con
tinue to advance.
VICTORY PROVES BARREN.
The four days' fight of the Eastern
column was of the same desperate
character that marked the operations
of the center and right wings. A heavy
Russian column, under such leaders as
Ivanoff, Rennenkampff, Carngross and
Kondratovitch, repeatedly assaulted
strongly entrenched Japanese positions
on heights commanding the passes. The
assaults were largely night work. The
cannonading was so powerful that it
was impossible to advance in the light
of day. Finally, on October 13, when
the passes had been actually occupied,
came the order to withdraw, probably
owing to a critical position at other
parts of the front. Here the story of
the "operations of the eastern wing of
the western army ends. '¦;'-, ¦;(.£
General Grippenberg, who has-ar
rived at St. Petersburg, will go to the
front ten days hence to assume the
command of the Second Manchurlan
army. :
LONELY TREE HlLli RETAKE?*.
Russians Are Again In Possession of
the Eminence.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 17.— General
Sakharoff telegraphs that the Russians
yesterday recaptured Lonely Tree Hill,
south of Shakhe, and captured eleven
Japanese guns and one quickflrer.
Reiterating the details .of the flght
at Lonely Tree Hill, General Sakharoff
adds:
"The fighting did not cease until this
morning. The Japanese defended the
hill with great stubbornness, and ac
cepted a bayonet attack in which
many of them perished. Our troops
fought valiantly. The losses have not
yet been ascertained."
Lonely Tree Hill is situated near
Shakhe, about three miles east of the
railroad. •
By the middle of July the Japanese
navy had cleared Talien Bay of Rus
sian mines and Dalny was made the
depot and base of the third army.
At the eame time the force was in
creased by the arrival of a division,
consisting of independent brigades of
the Second Reserve Infantry.
From July 5 to July 26 there was no
fighting and the time was employed
by the Russians in making semi-per
manent fortifications upon their na
turally strong new position, with a line
extending across the peninsula from
Swangtaikou on the west coast through
the Anehu and Oeekai Mountain ranges
to Lootduo Mountain on the east coast
and south to the Tai Creek.
On the morning of July 26 the Jap-
The capture of Ken Mountain en
abled the Japanese to swing to the
left and occupy Socho Mountain and
later in the evening the whole line of
the Russian position.
During the afternoon three cruisers
and four gunboats of the Russian Port
Arthur fleet shelled the Japanese left
I'.unk from the chore near Shaopingtao.
'J he Japanese fleet arrived and after a
*^hurt fpa fight the Russian ships were
tiirced back to the harbor of Port Ar
thur.
There is a Japanese story to the ef
fect that Lieutenant General Stoessel
was enraged when he heard of the cap
ture of Ken Mountain because from its
t..p both Dalny and Port Arthur are
visible. He ordered the position to be
retaken at all costs.
On the morning of July 3 a whole di
vision of Russians advanced against
the Japanese left, with bands playing
and banners flying. The division car
ried many machine guns- The Rus
sians attacked with great spirit and
fought until they were within 300 yards
of the Japanese, when they were forced
to retire with heavy casualties." "
On the next night a company of Rus
sians climbed the slopes of Ken Moun
tain and came close to the permanent
works which had been erected at the
top of the mountain by the Japanese
after its capture and but for meeting
v.ith an unexpected obstruction the
Russians would have captured the
works. A desperate flght followed at
t iose quarters and there were several
fierce bayonet charges before the Rus
sians were repulsed and driven down
the slopes of the mountain.
On the following day the Russians
a pain attacked the whole line of the
Japanese left and on the same night
made another attempt to surprise the
Japanese. Both of these attacks were
repulsed.
The Russian casualties during the
three days' fighting were 800 and tho?e
of the Japanese 200.
JAPANESE ATTACK HEIGHTS.
OTHER I*OSITIOXS TAKEN.
before daylight the outposts of the
Jiussians were easily driven in. Waito
Mountain was taken at- 9 r/clock, as it
uas easily outflanked.
An advance guard, consisting of one
regiment and one battery of mountain
guns, attacked Ken Mountain at 12
o'clock. The position was a. very diffi
cult one, but up the steep and pathless
mountain the Japanese infantry went;
scaling the heights with unexampled
bravery, -under a withering fire from
the mountain top. The Russians ex
ploded electric mines on the mountain
tide as the line advanced, but these did
little damage.
The Russian force, consisting of two
battalions of infantry, with four rapid
fire and some machine guns, fought
with great determination, but the Jap
anese captured the position and two of
the rapid fire guns at 5 o'clock in the
evening. The casualties were 150 on
each side.
It is evident from their positions
that the Japanese have shown great
skill irt locating trenches and in plac
ing guns. The concentrated artillery
fire of the Japanese was splendidly
effective in silencing the Russian guns,
while the infantry, with machine, and
mountain guns, were enabled to climb
almost impossible heights and to en
gage the Russians hand to hand.
It 4s impossible to understand Gen
eral Stoessel's determination to retake
Ken Mountain, as the en"* p t cost him
900 men, and as he coula not have
held the place if he recaptured it, as
it could be easily outflanked.
In advancing the Japanese right has
moved twenty miles, while the left
has moved only twelve miles, to its
present position in front of Port Ar
thur.
The Japanese successes were pur
chased dearly, but they were wonder
ful considering the tremendous diffl
cultis the Japanese encountered in a
country which Is a series of natural
fortresses, almost impregnable. The
Russian losses were about 1500, while
those of the Japanese -were close to
5000. • v^. -
The Japanese line was now as close
to the Russian line of forts as pos
sible, except on the east coast, where
Taku and Shonku mountains, strong
strategic points, were held by the Rus
sians.
It is evident that the Russians only
fought strong rearguard actions dur
ing the two months they have been
holding these positions; waiting until
they could inflict serious-' loss on the
Japanese and then retiring in good
order to their next natural positions.
.General Stoessel Is evidently unwill
ing to sacrifice his men by holding
these positions, though they are strong
ones, and evidently he also is afraid
of being outflanked by a superior
force.
NOGI'S PRESENT POSITION.
The Japanese advanced before day
light on the 30th and surprised the
Russian outposts, who retired, leav
ing their kits, blankets and rifles
piled in their bivouacs. A short fight
followed with the Russian main po
sition, but the Russians soon retired
within the line of permanent fortifi
cations on the west and center, but
held on the Taku and Shonku moun
tains and the hills close to the east
coast.
On the morning of July 28 the Rus
sians evacuated their positions along
the entire line and retired to a new
line from Taku Mountain, on the west
coast, through Fanghoan ranee to a
point on the west coast.
anese advanced and bombarded the
Russian positions on Anshu and Oji
kel Mountains. " That night the Japan
ese attack on the Russian center was
repulsed with heavy loss. The next
morning the attack was renewed "on
OJikei Mountain under cover of a heavy
and concentrated artillery fire. The ad
vance of the infantry, was enormously
difficult, as the mountain sides were
almost precipitous. ... .' ,\.
. The : Russians; remained in the
trenches 'until the- last -moment and
were driven out. only after several
charges... Many. Japanese' were wound
ed. The Japanese wer^struck, by loos*e
stones wnlCjh A<-ere ;hiirled at -them by
the Russians above, when they were
climbing the sjopes. _ -J
There was alsohafd fighting on the
It ft flank, where the .'positions were
very difficult to take. A body of Rus
sian troops held to Loatzu Hill long
after the rest -of the line had retired.
The Japanese made a desperate effort
to outflank them, but during the night
the force escaped.
The number of Russian troops en
gaged at the Shakhe River is about
226,000, consisting of 200,000 infantry,
26,000 cavalry and 950 guns.
It is generally believed here that the
fate of Port Arthur will be settled with
in a fortnight.
It is reported here that Major Taka
shima's battalion captured fourteen
guns at Sairchiatzu on October 16. This
makes a total of thirty-four guns cap
tured by General Nodzu's center army
since October 14.
In front of Oku's army Russian
corpses lie In windrows to the num
ber of 4000. x
TOKIO, Oct. 17.— According to au
thorities' -here who are- cognizant- of
the resolutions of the Imperial Mili
tary Council, it has been practically
settled, in view of the operations on
the Shakhe River, that after reorgani
zation Oyama shall continue his ad
vance and in all probability, deliver a
counter attack to that on Oku's front.
There were fragmental engagements
on Kuroki's front all yesterday and to
day. The situation in front of Nodzu
was reported unchanged up to last
night. The . Russians delivered seven
counter attacks on Oku's left army,
all of which were repulsed with. heavy
losses. "':','.?• . . \'- : -\.- : l- ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 18.— The greatest ad r
miration is expressed by the London
newspapers; to-day for. the. tenacity dis
played by General Kuropatkin in pro
tecting his retreat, but nowhere is the
idea entertained that the Russians'
late success on the Shakhe can change
the broad character of their defeat or
have any. effect beyond slightly re
tarding the Japanese advance to Muk
den and probably to Harbin, since the
Japanese "appear to be . fully prepared
for a winter^ Campaign.
The Standard's correspondent with
General kuroki, telegraphing under
date of October 15, says:
"Kuroki, as usual, has borne the
brunt .of the struggle and sustained a
majority- of the casualties. We are
now occupying the line of the Shakhe,
with" outposts near Mukden. The Rus
sians 'oat the initiative on the second
day "of the battle, when the Japanese
repelled ¦ their infantry 'and* assumed a
vlgorqus ; offensive movement. For a
time the situation at Bensihu was ex
tremely critical, the Japanese being
practically surrounded. Eventually,
however, the Russians fled, leaving
eighteen dead,on the field. We are now
pressing the dnemy from the railway
into the mountains."
Continued From Page 1, Column. 7.
Garrison Fights Rear Guard
Actions While Falling
Back to Inner Line.
Kuropatkin Must Hold
the Approaches to
: the River. ¦
Unexpected Russian Re
treakSayes Japanese
Army at Bensihu.
Oyama Will Not Give
Russian Army Time
to Recover.
.V_The"next day, the Russians again ad
vanced, assaulting the main pass. Dur-
The order came to advance at mid
night, but the Japanese themselves At
tacked at 10 o'clock. They fought stub
bornly, but were driven back. The
Russians followed up the advantage
and occupied the pass. Meantime, in
the darkness, the Russians got nearly
all the commanding heights, including
two conical hills, besides the pass, but
there was still one height at the left
of the pass which had not -been taken
and. at dawn the Russians were again
forced to -retire, as the Japanese bat
teries commanded the ground the Rus
sians had so ; hardily ;won.
VICTORY PROVES BARREN.
The whole day passed without mak
ing much headway and the Russian
troops were again forced to seek the
shelter of the rocky slopes, there to
wait until nightfall, when a. fresh as
sault was planned.
On the morning of October 12 the
Russian batteries again signaled the
beginning of anpther day's fighting.
One battery silenced some Japanese
guns and then another battery opened
on the Russians, but a concentrated
volley smothered that fire. Then the
Russian' infantry advanced to the.at
tack and the fight became general. The
left was heavily engaged.. Tumen Pass
was turned by detachments of the
Third, Thirty-third and Thirty-second
regiments. More Japanese batteries
appeared on the heights. One of, these,
particularly annoying, was located by
Captain ajlchaells, .whose guns, getting
the range, literally blew it to pieces.
From' the Russian positions logs which
formed the protective works for the
Japanese guns could be seen to be
thrown high in the air by exploding
shells.
At night an order came to renew the
attack. General Kendratovitch led at
the front and again the Russians began
to scale the rugged heights.
The Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth
regiments fell under a withering fire-
The men were scarcely able to breathe
as they clambered, up the steep slopes,
but they hung to the rocks and re
turned the fire that was poured down
upon them. Then. they scrambled for
ward again.
The Thirty-fourth Regiment was first
to reach the trenches, going with the
bayonet at the Japanese, who fought
with clubbed guns, swords, bayonets
and revolvers. It was an indescribable
melee.
The Russian reserves were ordered up
to support the gallant Thirty-fourth
and, aided by the Thirty-sixth, the
Russians carried two lines of trenches,
after which the men lay down, dead
tired, in the Japanese shelters till
dawn. Then it was discovered that
while the attacking forces wer^e about
on a level with the passes themselves,
they were only half way up the
heights, which were commanded by
the Japanese positions. In these cir
cumstances the Russians were forced
to withdraw. §ffijEI
While this attack was going on the
Russian right also carried several
heights occupied by the Japanese after
a fierce resistance. The Japanese then
resjjmed the offensive, rushing for
ward in a great wave, but failing to
dislodge the Russians from the posi
tion they had gained. ,
LITTLE PROGRESS MADE.
GENERAL LEADS ATTACK.
The roar and crash of artillery and
the rattle of volley fire were deafening.
The Japanese defended desperately.
Their positions were so steep that the
attacking Russians could make no pro
gress in the face of a murderous \.fe
from the Japanese. Whole advance
companies lay down, hugging, the
ground until evening and repulsing sal
lies - by - the- — Japanese .. - from their.
trenches.
The battle began at 5:30 o'clock in
the morning of October 11. The batte
ries on the right flank opened on three
Japanese batteries to the right of the
pass. Saitchoun Pass is a double pass,
the main defense ; being to the left,
overtopped by high, rocky mountains,
while to the right are rocky ridges.
General Gerngrosse's corps was as
signed to capture the" passes by frontal
attack and the remainder of the Rus
sian troops were to turn the Japanese
position and take them on the flank
and rear. The Russian right advance
was commanded by its chief of divi
sion, while General Kendratovitch, who
was continually with the troops at the
front, commanded the left.
The first assault was set for noon
and the Russian batteries pounded the
Japanese position, searching out their
guns. Wherever possible the Russians*
artillery was rapidly followed up by
the infantry advance, the cannon fire
being continued first on one and then
on another of the eminences which were
seamed with Japanese trenches from
base to summit.
On the morning of October 12 the
Russian fighting line consisted of four
regiments of the East Siberian Rifles
cm the right flank and the Third, Thir
ty-third and Thirty-fourth on the left.
The right was supported by two bat
teries 'of the Eighteenth East Siberian
Brigade and one of the Ninth East
Siberian Brigade. One battery occu
pied the center and three were on the
right.
BATTERIES OPEN FIRE.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE RUS
SIAN FLANKING COLUMN ON THE
LEFT, Friday, Oct. 14.— On October 10,
when the, Russian advance guard ap
peared before Saitchoun Pass, its east
ern detachment occupied -a correspond
ing position before Tumen Pass. Dur
ing the night the Russian signal corps
intercepted a flashlight message show
ing the Japanese artillery was to shell
several Russian positions where bat
teries were posted at dawn. The Rus
sian batteries, therefore, shifted their
positions" during the night and in the
morning the Japanese furiously bom
barded the enemy's ground.
After dinner a great many Chinese
fugitives came into the Russian lines,
reporting that the Japanese were pre
paring to evacuate the villages of
Tichaonandzy and Tchlgawa. The Rus
sians then moved forward and at 5
o'clock in the afternoon occupied the
passes as the Japanese withdrew.
Then, just as the task had been ac
complished, came the order to retire,
which the column accomplished safely,
but thoroughly exhausted by the long
fight.
Toward noon several fresh Japanese
batteries appeared on . the heights,
firing high explosives. • The First
Siberian Battery, changing ground,
came under their fire and lost seven
teen men in crossing an open space
200 yards wide. Most of the Russian
guns, however, were hidden in defllea
and suffered little loss, the Japanese
shells falling short.
The Russian batteries finally got the
range of the Japanese batteries and
silenced them all. ..»/.* •— '¦ *
ing the day the Fourth Corps was
forced to draw back, but at night re
occupied its earlier positions.
During the fighting on Thursday
Lieutenant Colonel Peocuta was thrice
shot and finally died fighting in the
Japanese trenches. Lieutenant Colonel
Agafoff and Chief of Staff Udonsky are
among the wounded. The Thirty-fourth
Regiment suffered terribly.
On the morning of October 13. Colonel
Martinon", chief of artillery, inspected
all the Russian batteries and the com
mand moved forward. The Japanese
held with' particular tenacity on the
left flank. The Japanese advanced on
Colonel Haskin, who. with seven cap
tains*. -was holding a position on the
right. The Japanese turned his flank,
but a regiment was sent to his support,
and he turned back the Japanese,"-: 1
ORDERED TO RETREAT 5 .
Slav Force Is Then Ordered
to Retreat After Hard
. Earned Triumph.
Japanese Suffer Heavily
in Port Arthur Attacks
PASSES ARE CAPTURED
FIGHTING
FOR HUN'S
BRIDGES
MIKADO
TO ORDER
ADVANCE
KUROKI'S
ARMY IS
CUT OFF
RUSSIAN LEFT WINS A SERIES OF BARREN VICTORIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1904.
* Death Calls Wealthy Pioneer.
STOCKTON, Oct. 17. — James Crow,
who died here yesterday at the age
of 83 years, was one of the projectors
of the first street railway in this city,
twenty-eight years ago. Crow leaves
an estate estimated at $150,000, di
vided by will equally amon? his
widow, his son George and another
son.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 17.
R. B. Cocks, Stanford. '04, and Miss
Mamie Downing, '04, were secTetly
married in San Rafael this morning:
The first knowledge the parents of
Mrs. Cocks, Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Down
ing', had of the nuptials came in tha
shape of a telegram from the bride
late this evening. n. V-
Cocks was a well known Stanford
man and was active in student body
affairs. He was leader of the Glea
Club during his last year. Miss Down
ing was also a last year's graduate. >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bomance of Stanford Grad
uate and a Fair Co-Ed Ends
at Altar in__San Rafael
COLLEGE CHUMS
SECRETLY WED
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TREATMENT OP PILES.
Permanence of Cure the True Test.
Many so-called Tile remedies will af-
ford the user slight temporary relief,
and the majority of those afflicted do
not expect more than this.
The average sufferer, after having
tried every preparation recommended
for the cure of piles, comes to the con-
clusion that there is no cure except by
an operation, and rather than undergo
this "last resort" he suffers on. re-
signed to the situation, so far ag may
be. The attention of those . interested
Is invited to the following experience:
"After ten .years of suffering from
blind, bleeding and protruding pile?,
and after using every remedy I could
hear of without any benefit. I finally
bought a. fifty cent box of Pyramid
Pile Cure and used it with such good
results I bought next a dollar box.
which finished up the job. That was
neaily six years aso, and as far as
piles Is concerned I am cured and have
never felt a symptom of them since.
"Many others have used this remedy
by, my advice, with the same results,
and I always recommend It to sufferers
with piles."
C. H. POTTS, Burlington, Kans.
Testimony like this -should convince
the most skeptical that Pyramid Pile
Cure not only cures, but cures to stay
cured- It. Is in the form of a sup-
pository, can be applied in. the privacy
of the home.^directly to the parts af-
fected, aad does its work quickly and
painlessly.
Druggists generally sell this famous
remedy for fifty cents a package -and
sufferers are urged to buy a package
now and give it a trial to-nigrht. 'Ac-
cept no i substitutes.
A little, book describing the causes
and cure of piles 'is' published ."by the
Pyramid Drugr. Co.. : ; Marshall," Mich.,
ana the same, will be sent free to any
address for tne asking." ""
i^^H (£y iff hv^V vyLjJ a M JjSSg
"Mary," said the His-
tress, "In future always .
'order Golden Gate '
toffee."
- No thin rf iomm wttfc OOLDEM CUTS
COFFEE bat satisfactioa. N» •
prizes — no caupoas— bo crockery. *.
1 aod 2 lb. arom«<tiiht litl. !
•7 Nev«» aold La balk. ..< rv/f
jSA. Folger <SL Coi
JL«tabli«H«d Half a Cmxktnry j
'.. San Francisco
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Uaed by people of refinement
for over a quarter of. a century .
PREPARED 8V
[qjl rvrrrVcl CURB SIC? HEADACR&_
EBtTTiE Genuine Must Bear '•' iChild Drowned at Reno.
RENO. Nev., Oct. 17. — Harry, the
four-year-old son of D. B. Goldstein,
a merchant of this city, was drowned
to-night in a ditch in this city. The
family came here recently from . San
' Francisco.: .:,--!
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 17.—Alexan
der M. Dollar, son of Robert Dollar,
the steamship man of San Francisco,
was married here to-day to Miss Bes
sie May Hamilton, . daughter of J. A.
Hamilton of Portland. The marriage
ceremony was performed by Rev. W.
S. Gilbert and took place at the home
of the bride's parents, 392 Hall street
The wedding was attended • by the
father and mother of groom.' '.
JTfae Faralso Springs are always open.*
California!! Weds in Oregon.
BAKER CITY. Or., Oct. 17. — A dis
patch from Pine says that Leonard
Foster,* a prosperous young farmer,
was awakened last night and, think
ing a burglar was prowling around
the house, began a search, gun in
hand. Spying a figure he fired, the
death screams of his mother-in-law,
Mrs. Beck, apprising him of his great
mistake. No arrest has been made,
the authorities believing Foster's
story.
Accidentally Kills Mother-ln-Law.
Fullest Information on all point* connected
with a Yosemlte trip cheerfully furnished at
Southern Pacific office, 613 Market street. •
Those who fall to see Toscmite Valley this
month will miss the grandest of sights. The
early rains increased the ' water volume so
that every fall thunders In renewed splendor,
and now the atmosphere has cleared so that
superb views may be had of the entire valley.
Reports say that the view from Glacier Point
1b wonderful. Travel, too, Is Ideal, the dust
having been laid on all the roads, the Wawona
stage road being particularly fine. The visit
to the Big Trees, made from Wawona, is more
than usually attractive, these greatest of all
the forest plants seeming more regal after the
refreshing rains.'
Full'Waterfalis, Clcar~\Yeather, Per
fect Roads Make This the
Time to Go.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17. — By order
of the War Department Recruit
George D. Hendricksen, cavalry, Fort
McDowell. Cal., is transferred to the
Signal Corps. He will be sent to Be
nicia Barracks, Cal. Corporal Albert
C. Buckner, Troop K, Sixth Cavalry,
Fort Keough, Mont., will be discharged
from the army by the commanding
officer of his station for convenience of
the Government. Sergeant of the First
Class Mathew Neil of the Hospital
Corps, Camp McKinley, Honolulu,
Hawaiian Territory, will be sent to
Manila, Philippine Islands.
Orders to naval officers: Lieutenant
Colonel Dr. H. C. Gearing to the Navy
Yard, Mare Ieland, Cal., November 1.
Army and Navy Orders.
RENO, Nev., Oct. 17. — It was
learned to-day from the Southern Pa
cific officials that an attempt was
made last Friday night to wreck the
eastbound flyer at Laughtons, a small
station near here.,
The engine on the flyer was dis
abled at Laughtons and an engine
was sent from here to brine the train
to Reno. On arriving at Laughtons
the light engine found a switch brok
en and a huge bowlder obstructing
the track. Robbery is supposed to
have been the motive of the would-be
wreckers.
Switch Is Broken and Huge Bowlder
Placed on Track — Robbery the
Motive.
ATTEMPT 3IADE TO WRECK
EASTBOUXD FAST TRAIX
The fifth and final debate of the
present series of the San Francisco
Debating League took place at Golden
Gate Hall last night. The Lyceum
Literary Society, for the affirmative,
won out against the California Debat
ing Club of the California Business
College, for the negative. The Ly
ceum Society, therefore, becomes the
possessor of the silver loving cup, as
they had previously won it twice be
fore.
The subject for debate was: "Re
solved, That a Municipality Should
Own, Control and Operate Its Public
Utilities." Speakers for the affirma
tive were Miss Lela Elise Dinklage.
Louis T. Diebels and Fred J. Berg:
for the negative, Miss Edna I. Old
ham, J. G. Campe and L. A. Kutner.
The judges were Thomas F. Graham,
Wallace Wise and Judge Murasky. L.
A. Kutner was commended by them
for making the best speech of the
evening. The hall was packed. Dan
cing followed the debate.
DEBATING LEAGUE HOLDS
ITS FIRST MEETING
Mucli Is being made of this by the
Democrats, and Governor Van Sant
has gone so far as to say in a speech
that :"no nomination would be so
strong, as to" secure the election of an
unworthy man to office." '
This is ; the trouble in Minnesota.. It
is all : in the Republ lean ranks and is
offering ; much comfort to the Demo
crats, who hope to elect their Governor
by its aid. The Populists also have
done what|they "could • irr not nominat
ing a State "ticket " this year." 'This -Is
said to be worth 5000, votes to^ Johnson,
the Democratic candiate.' - No -fear ; is
expressed concerning'thesuccess of the
Republican' national ticket,*! nor yet '"of
the Representatives to the; House.
Judge Collins, who gave up his place
on the, bench, is now out of the run
nig entirely. Dunn was nominated
early and easily, together with a com
plete new ticket, not In any way asso
ciated with the administration.
Dunn had made a good record as Au
ditor, and all efforts previous to and
during the convention to discover any
flaws in his record were fruitless. Nev
ertheless, the opposition of the Gov
ernor continued. A few days ago Pub
lic Examiner S. T. Johnson, after la
borious searching, made a report to the
Governor that Mr. Dunn, while State
Auditor, had signed certain leases for
mineral lands in favor of Mabel Evans,
one of his clerks, which leases are said
to' be worth millions. Mr. 'Dunn
learned of the report and asked for a*
copy of it, but it was not given him for
some days. Mr. Dunn charges that the
report was furnished to the Demo
cratic committee ana to the news
papers before it was given to him. He
does not deny the truth of the report,
but says he signed the leases without
noting what they were, and declares
that- had he noted them he would have
signed them, any. way, as "one man's
money is as good as another's," and
there Is no law against clerks oro^rs
in. the Government employ, securing
leases. ¦ . . . ,
and was a candidate before the con
vention for the nomination, but such
was the opposition developed toward
the Governor that the convention — be
fore which he would otherwise have
found favor— turned down Mr. Doug
las, together with Judge Collins and
every other candidate favored by him.
"Very strong and bitter feeling was de
veloped. - J', ;
OUT OF THE RUNNING.
SEATTLE, Oct. 17. — Lars Hansen, a
member of the crew of the whaling
schooner Barbara Hernster, which ar
rived in Seattle harbor recently from
the Arctic Ocean,- tells of a strange
sight he saw while returning to the
vessel from a lively chase after a big
¦whale. The small boat with three men
in it was passing the face of a monster
iceberg when three polar bears, a fe
male and two cubs, were seen. All of
them were frozen in solid ice, the cubs
nestling against their mother.
Hansen says that the berg stood out
of the water fully 100 feet and that the
Ice wherein the bears were intombed
was clear as a crystal. How long the
animals had been locked In their winter
palace Is a matter of conjecture, but
they were at least twenty-five feet
above the water-
The most active stock on the list was
United States Steel preferred, in which
more than 205,000 shares were traded
in during the day. Missouri Pacific and
Erie forged to the frcmt later.
Commission houses reported that
there was an increase in buying from
out of town quarters and the opinion
was expressed that the bulk of the buy
ing came from the West and South.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Wall street
had another session of exciting .trading
in stocks and bonds to-day. The total
transactions exceeded that of any prev
ious day on exchange this year and
comparisons .can be made only with
the heavy days of the spring of 1901.
Altogether slightly more than 1,800,000
shares changed hands to-day. There
was considerable short selling by the
bear element and in addition heavy
realizing sales fought further advances.
Nearly a. million shares were traded
in during the first two hours of busi
ness, but a reaction about the middle
of the sessic-n dampened the specula
tive ardor of traders and business
f lackened.
In the early trading a number of
stocks made high records for the year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fall hats. 1904, Just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp.Pala.ce.*
"Ransom's Folly v Dramatized
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17. — "Ran
dom's Folly." a story of army life on
the frontier, by Richard Harding
Davis, with Robert Edson in the title
role, drew to the National Theater a
large and distinguished audience to
right.
FOX .LAKE, Oct. 17.— Mrs. Mary
E. Warren, widely known as a tem
perance worker, author and philan
thropist, is dead at her home in this
village, aged 75 years.
Temperance Leader Passes Away.
Strange Sight Meets
Gaze of Arctic
Wlldlolb.
Record Day ol the
Year in Wall
Qfpppt
Picture Frames.
Our Eastern selection of frames and
moldings for fall trade now in. ' Better
and more beautiful than ever before.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
POLAR BEARS
IN CENTER
OF ICEBERG
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Charging that
the Hungarian Government is extort
ing fully $20,000,000 yearly from the em
igrants coming from that country to
this, through a system of discrimina
tion in the matter of ocean transporta
tion, an appeal has been made to the
State Department in Washington ask
ing that action in the matter be taken.
The American Embasuador at "Vienna
has been Instructed to make an Inves
tigation and submit a report.
It appears that the difficulty arises
from the contract made last spring be
tween the Hungarian authorities and
the Cunard Steamship Line by which
the former agreed to turn over to the
company 30,000 emigrants annually at
a passage rate of 533 each. For every
one under that number the Govern
ment was to pay the Cunard Company
a penalty of $20, while as a return con
sideration the steamship company was
to pay to the Government $2 on every
such passenger it received.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BIG DEALS
IN STOCKS
AND BONDS
Colcnel Kowalsky In an extended in
terview with the President entered into
the real motives lying behind the de
mand of British humanitarians that
the United States should interfere with
the conduct of aitalrs In mid-Africa.
King Leopold's representative made
the positive statement that the purpose
of the British in this attempt to en
tangle America in Africa affairs is not
the amelioration of the condition of
the natives, but to open the question of
sovereignty over these regions by call
ing a conference of the powers, at
which, it is hoped by the Britishers,
England may establish the contention
that Kelgium is impotent to maintain
an effective government in Congo.
Colonel Kowalsky pointed out • that
the proposal for such conference, made
officially by the British Government,
failed entirely through the non-accept
ance of the powers. That effort belns
fruitless, it is now proposed to accom
plish indirectly, through the Congo Re
form Association of Liverpool, what
the British Government itself is unable
to effect.
CAT.!. BUREAU. HOTEL. BARTON.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 17. — Colonel
Henry I. Kowalsky of San Francisco
called upon President Roosevelt this
morning by appointment to present the
reply of the federation of defense of
Belgian interests abroad to the attacks
made by certain British interests upon
the government of the Congo Free
State.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 17. — The follow
ing San Franciscans have* registered
recently at the California building at
the World's Fair:
C. Peters and wife, E. M. Hough, L.
Kuehnel. M. Mannon. D. F. Itagan. P. E.
Clarke. Mrs. G. A. Cheney. J. R. Goodall and
wife, L. lilackmond. I. Shuedele. J. A. Wag
ner. S. M. Goodman. J. J. Phillips, W\ L.
Moffett. C. A. Ault. C. W. Sanborn and wife,
W. M. Russell. Mrs. T. C. Rust. T. A. Rust.
A. C. Rust. B. B. Buel. Mrs. M. P. Bird, R.
Lountr. Mrs. M. Dunn. R. VV. Dunn. F.
Haeence. P. Patridge. A. H. Emmons. H. A.
Harrold. F. MeynfteJn, C. H. Brown and wife.
L. Smith. N. H. Martin, W. Tueget. J. "B.
Goodell, A. Sandufk, C. Bettman. O. B. Wag
ner. C. A. Nahl. M. Eissler, A. M. Elssler. J.
Barlat and family, I. M. Raymond, C. Col
lum, Mrs. G. I. Drunkerat. Mrs. J. A. Prin
*en. J. Sherman, N. Offer. P. Landeker. H.
Landeker, \V. F. Davis and wife, J. Tormont,
J. U. Black.
People From This City Who Have
Registered Recently at the Cal
ifornia Building.
wife of Prince Charles of Bourbon,
gave birth to a daughter yesterday and
died to-day. :
MADRID, Oct. 17.— The Infanta Ma
ria de las Mercedes, Princess of the
Asturias. sister of King Alfonso, and
Treatment of Emigrants to
United States to be
.Investigated.
SAN FRANSISCO VISITORS
AT THE ST. IX3UIS FAIR
Colonel Kowalsky Delivers
Belgium's Representations
Anent the Congo Case
INFANTA MARIA. PRINCFPS OF THV ASTURIAS. WIFE OF PRINCE CHARLES
OF BOURBON AND SISTER OF KIN 3 ALFONSO OF SPAIN. WHOSE DEATH
FOLLOWED WITHIN FEW HUUKS AFTER THE BJRTH OF A DAUGHTER.
EMBASSADOR WHO WILL IN
QUIRE INTO TREATMENT BY
HUNGARY OP EMIGRANTS.
KING'S' MESSAGE
TO PRESIDENT
The experiment in the association of
members of the Tonopah Stock Ex
change with the San Francisco Stock
and Exchange Board was of short du
ration — that is, so far as the majority
of them is concerned. Out of the
twenty of the Tonopahs who joined
the San Francisco Exchange last
week, thirteen of them resigned on
Saturday. '
The first few of the Tonopahs who
joined were admitted without an en
trance fee. • The next seven paid $200
a seat. They all attended the meetings
on Thursday and Friday and on Fri
day they requested the exchange that
the rest of their members be admitted
without a fee entrance and that fees
paid by the seven members be re
turned to them.
j According to the by-laws of the ex
change it was necessary to take the
matter under advisement. The Tono
pahs would not wait for this ruling
to be carried out and thirteen of them
withdrew on the spot. It was ru
mored that this was only an excuse
of the Tonopahs for resigning, but
that the real reason was they did not
find the rules of the exchange condu
cive to their ideas of conducting their
business. The San Francisco Ex
change has never stood as a promoter
of mines. It deals with those that are
listed upon its boards.'
Members of Tonopah Exchange With
draw From San Francisco Board
After Two Days' Connection.
MIXING BROKERS FIND
THEY CANNOT AFFILIATE
Before the firemen arrived police re
serves from a near-by station had res
cued many persons from the blazing
building. When the firemen came hu
man lines were formed from the fire es
cape and the screaming women and
children were lowered to the pave
ment. The flames burst from windows
all about them and the clothes of many
of them were burned from their bodies.
At the same time firemen with scal
ing ladders had reached the roof and
were carrying down to safety the fren
zied women and children who had been
driven from tbe blazing rooms. Many
persons unable to reach either roof or
fire escape were taken from windows
through which the flames already were
beginning to pour.
Twelve families, comprising 120 per
sons, were asleep in the big five-story,
double tenement-house when the flames
were discovered. When the alarm was
sounded through the house the men
and women, some of the latter with
babies ..n arms, others with little boys
and girls dinging to the night clothes
of their mothers, ran to the hallway.
There they were met with great clouds
of choking smoke, while' the flames
were rapidly closing in about; them.
Incendiaries are believed to have
been responsible for the fatal fire, and
this theory is strengthened by the fact
that while the firemen were at work
on the blaze alarms were turned in for
two other fixes in the immediate neigh
borhood. The dead:
BELLA GLASS. 20 years.
HENRY GLASS, 2 years.
IDA SALTOFSKY. 6 years.
BENJAMIN WARKOLSKY, 11
years.
GUSSEE WARKOLSKY.
CHARLES WARKOLSKY. •
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Six lives were
lost, nearly a score of persons were in
icred and the lives of more than a
hnndxed others were endangered in an
early morning tenement-house fire in
th«i Willlamsburg section of Brooklyn
to-day. With one exception all the dead
are children, and of eight who were
to bady hurt that they were removed
to a hospital the oldest is a 14-year-old
BtxL
The mere animosity of Governor
Van Sant would not probably have
counted for much, as his heretofore
great strength in the State was shown
at the time of the convention to have
greatly diminished. But things have
developed as a result of the hot con
test calculated to at least embarrass
the candidate and lend aid to his de
tractors. •
The campaign was begun early in
Minnesota and Governor Van Sant took
the lead like a man absolutely sure of
his case. He was not eligible for re
election, but he proposed to bequeath
his policy to his successor, and to that
end he would choose the man. Judge
L. W. Collins of St. Cloud was a mem
ber of the Supreme Court of the State,
had been for eighteen years and might
have so continued to be until he died.'
Confident in the support of the Gov
ernor Tor the place of the executive he
resigned before the convention had
been held. • In the meantime R. C.
Dunn, former State Auditor and now
editor and proprietor of the Princeton
Union, announced himself as a, candi
date. Governor Van Sant began". ah
active opposition, spent money to look
up v his - record and finally preferred
charges. But the charges and the op
position fell flat. Governor. Van Sant'8
influence was'evidentlylori the iwane.
The Governor": had appointed
General Douglas* to flll'the place 'on the
bench ¦ made Ivacant by^the", resignation
of Judge Collins. 1 He' was to' have' been
It had been hoped that the bitter con
test that preceded the nominating con
vention would end with the naming of
the ticket and that all hands would
join in a united pull to win in Novem
ber, whoever might be the party's
choice for ' late officers, -.nd for a time
it seemed that this was the programme.
But the bitter war between Governor
Van Sant and the candidate who hopes
to succeed him, which began when the
latter was first mentioned for the
place, is being waged again with an
energy and effectiveness that discounts
the best efforts of the Democrats. R.
C. Dunn, the Republican candidate for
Governor, charges it all to the jealousy
and chagrin of Governor Van Sant.
And this is how it happened that Mr.
Babcock has the fight of his life on
his hands for the next few weeks op
posing a combination of the Democrats
with the wing of the Republican party
against which he had himself taken up
a fight. It is this stress of circum
stances in his own district likewise that
probably. colors, h}s view pf the pros
pects throughout the country 'with re^
gard to the House of Representatives
and causes him to think that the whole
world is falling away toward the dem
nitlon bowbows. As chairman of the
National Republican Congressional
Committee he has the disposition of
some of the best of the spellbinders to
send wheje he thinks they may do the
most good and a large consignment of
them are scheduled for the Third Wis
consin District. Among those already
having dates are Uncle Joe Cannon and
Congressman Landis of Indiana. The
Democrats are very sanguine of suc
cess in the district and are preparing
to match these speakers with the
strongest available of their faith,
choosing chiefly those of the Bryan
wing.
But if the complexion of the House
Is affected in this Presidential year by
local dissensions in the Republican
party' the same may be said of the
State governments in what are ordinar
ily safe Republican States. Stepping
across from Wisconsin, where the row
is of such complicated proportions that
the State is in doubt on the national
issue, I come into . Minnesota to find
a situation, as to the State ticket, fully
as bad as is that of Wisconsin and for
which neither the court nor any other
circumstance seems to offer a cure. In
stead it grows worse day by day and
the Democracy watches Its course with
every sign of joy.
HOPED FOR SETTLEMENT.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 17. — J. W.
Babcock has said that the House of
Representatives, as a Republican insti
tution,' even in this year of a Presiden
tial election, is in danger. Mr. Bab
cock feels the importance of his an
nouncement- the more, perhaps, not
only because as chairman of the Re
publican National Congressional Com
mittee he has a certain responsibility
in the matter, but because, in spite of
the conspicuous ability with which he
has represented his State at Washing
ton, the enemy is so conducting the war
in his own district in Wisconsin as to
create grave doubts a^ to his own re
turn. The enemy in this particular
case dc^s not mean merely the Democ
racy. It' will be remembered that Mr.
Babcock is a so-called "stalwart" in
the Republican politics of Wisconsin
and as such enlisted for the undoing of
Governor La Follette. In enumerating
the enemies of Mr. Babcock, therefore,
in his race for re-election the names
of the Governor and his warmer ad
herents must not be omitted. It is a
game that works two ways. It is given
out as a true story of the campaign
down in that State that the Democrats
were influenced in their choice of a
candidate, in Mr. Babcock's district by
Governor La Follette himself. Herman
Grotophost, who is contesting for Bab
cock's seat in Congress, is known as a
La Follette Democrat. He is a good
enough Democrat, perhaps, but he is
also a warm friend and admirer of the
Republican Governor. So that when
the Democrats were casting about for
some strong man to go up against Bab
cock and were considering first this
man and then that with no special ref
erence to Grotophost, they^ were given
a very direct tip that if the halfbreeds,
or La Follette men, had a chance they
would vote for Grotophost in preference
to Babcock — whom they wouldn't vote
for in any case.
HOW IT HAPPENED.
BY. S. W. WALLi,
Miss Grant, who passed part of the
summer at her father's country place
at Merryweather Farm, in Salem Cen
ter, Westchester County, decided a
short time ago and before the formal
announcement of her engagement was
made to have a private wedding in
New York instead of a more formal
one at the home of her parents in San
Diego, Cal.
The only member of the family at
the wedding was her father, who gave
her away. The bride wore a costume
of tobacco brown voile. The corsage
was trimmed with lace embroidered
chiffon.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Macy will prob
ably visit the bride's mother in Califor
nia before his furlough expires.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Miss Miriam
Grant, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Ulysses S. Grant Jr., and granddaugh
ter of General Grant, was married to
Lieutenant Ulysses S. Macy, U. S. N.,
to-day at Grace Church, Broadway and
Tenth street. It was a very quiet wed
ding, with not a note of music or flow
ers. No invitations were* Issued and,
in fact, very few friends of either Miss
Grant or Lieutenant Macy were in
formed. .
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Without Music or Flowers
and in Presence of but Few
Friends the Knot Is Tied
Factional Rows in Middle
States Eagerly Taken Ad
vantage of by Democrats
Over a Hundred People Put
in Danger by the Flames.
Victims Mostly Children
NO INVITATIONS ISSUED
WORK OF INCENDIARIES
BETWEEN TWO FIRES
In Addition Nearly a Score
Are Injured in Blaze in
a Section of Brooklyn
Fair Calif ornian Is Quietly
Wed to Lieutenant Macy
at Grace Cliurcli in Gotham
Cliaifinari of Republican
Congressional Committee
Fears for His Seat in House
MIRIAM GRANT
IS NOW A BRIDE
MAKING FIGHT
OF HIS LIFE
TENEMENT FIRE
FATAL TO SIX
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1904.
Extortion Charged Against
the Hungarian Government
Accouchement of Infanta Is Fatal
Joy Is Changed to Sorrow
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Original Drawings
By Florence Ltmdborg
...Illustrating...
"Yosemite Legends"
will be exhibited in the Art Rooms of the
Publishers, from October 18th to 31st. The ;
volume itself, by Bertha H. Smith, is now j
: on sale. Beautifully illustrated, printed ;
" and bound it makes a superb holiday book. \
Price, $2.OO net. Postage 12c WM
Paul Elder and Company
23d Post Street, San Francisco
.. ...,. ........ . .... ...,.-,.-'. - , .- ¦ ..' ' ¦ . ..^ _!_ _
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— — ¦ — — -— - - . ¦ .. - ji jT.n.i-L -ij-ltcti,
j§! This Cap Label §|
pa Is a guarantee of the purity §|?
O and richness cf our ffis
\ 1 !¦ GX Jg|
H Brand m
H Evaporated If
ll Cream 9
ll $5,000 reward M
yil to anyone ibis to prove $$£
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
fnirrrxo'cl CURE SICE HEADACHE.
UAKltno .
BarrTLE Genuine Must Bear
SI VER Fas-Simfle SignatureWilliam Kelly was arrested by Pa
trolman Connolly last night and
booked at the Southern Station on a
serious charge. Kelly is said to have
enticed Rosy Weinstein, a ten-year-old
child, 'to a room in a lodging-house on
Howard street, near Sixth. \ Connolly
followed the man and child and ef
fected an entrance to the room
through a window.';^.
Kelly, after his arrest, attempted to
escape from the policeman on Howard
street by , running, but stopped after
two shots had been fired over his, head.
The little girl resides with her parents
at 455 Tehama street. .The. police
claim to have . other; evidence of sim
ilar offenses against Kelly. .
William Kelly, Under Arrest for Se
rious Offense, Tries to Get
Away. V
POLJCEMAX FIRES TWO
SHOTS TO STOP ESCAPE
AUBURN. Oct. 17.— Coroner Sbepard was
tailed to Champion, five miles this side of
Trueke*. Sunday to hold an inquest on the
body of a man found dead alongaide the rail
road track. It proved to b« that of Edward D.
Cumeren. a lineman in the employ of the West
ern-»Unlon Telegraph Company. Deceased was
a native of Detroit, Mich., and an honorably
discharged KOldler.'
SARATOGA, N. Y., Oct. 17.—-Sec
retary of the Treasury Shaw and Con
gressman Littauer to-night addressed
one of the largest Republican mass
meetings ever held here.
Shaw Talks in. Saratoga.
Last Chance to See World's Fair.
Only four more sale dates for cheao ticket*
to the Fair- — Oct. 10th. 20th. 26th and 27th.
For particulars relative* to making trip over
Northern Pacific Hallway, see T. K. Stateler.
General Agent. (!47 Market »t.. S. F. •
The American Scandinavian Republi
can Club. C. M. Errlkson president,
met last night at Red Branch Hall and
adopted resolutions Indorsing Julius
Kahn and E. A, Hayea for Congress.
Kahn and Hayes Indorsed.
Santa Fe Line Open.
The Santa Fe line is now open and
service renewed to Chicago, Kansas City.
Denver and Eastern points. All trains
are running on schedule and are on time.
Owing to the recent rains the country
traversed Is carpeted with green and the
Santa Fe Is easily the most beautiful of
all routes East. -'*_-
Blaze on Hoff Avenue.
A fire started at 29 Hoff avenue at
the residence of J. C. Calhoun yester
day afternoon, which threatened the
destruction of nine flats. The timely
arrival of the fire apparatus prevented
the flames from extending beyond the
premises where it originated. The up
setting of a cooking stove was the
cause. The damage done to the prem
ises, which is owned by M. Ristow.
will amount to about $5000, and that
to Calhoun about $2000. with nominal
damage to one flat adjoining by smoke
and water.
ST. HELENA. Oct. 17. — The Re
pubjica-n rally here to-night in the old
home of his opponent, Congressman
Theodore Bell, was a tremendous ova
tion to Duncan E. McKinlay. An im
mense audience completely filled the
hall where the meeting was held and
McKinlay was frequently compelled to
pause in his speech by the frequent
autbursta of applause. His address
wag on the high plane of patriotism
and T>ublic duty. His reference to th«
national leader brought hearty cheers,
the audience being the most respon
sive and enthusiastic he had met in
his entire tour of the district
McKinlay spoke in the kindliest
manner of his opponent and the other
Democratic candidates, but placed be
fore his hearers in a logical manner
the necessity of returning a Republi
ran delegation to Congress to support
President Roosevelt in his plans for
the advancement of the nation. The
speaker recounted In glowing terms
the marvelous prosperity following
the Republican administration and
named his hearers % x>f theetrenuous
of St. Helena.
McKinlav Slakes a Hit With Residents
F. A. Harris was brought to the
Central Emergency Hospital last night
by Detective Charles Taylor, suffering
from suicidal mania. 'Harris was
found Sunday morning in his room at
1574 Market street in an unconscious
condition from illuminating gas. . Dr.
Bottsford was called and succeeded in
saving the young man's life. Since
that time Harris has refused to par
take of any nourishment and ex
presses a desire to kill himself. It is
understood that he has wealthy rela
tives in Waco, Tex. Pending their ar
rival he will be detained at the hos
pital.
Seeks to End His Life.
TALKS IX BELL'S TOWN.
We don't sell all the best suit cases and
bags, but all the suit cases and bags we
do sell are the best; same with trunks,
pocketbooks and wrist bags. All lettered
in gold free of chafge. Sanborn,- Vail &
Co. •
Dress Suit Cases and Bags.
MISSION PARK.— At a meeting of the Ml»
sion Park Association last night, held to cele
brate the attainment of their object, resolu
tions were passed thanking James D. Phelaa
for his co-operation with the association.
OAKLAND. Oct. 17. — The Fruitvale
Republican Club has been organized
by the' election of the following offi
cers: President, E. H. Marwedel; vice
president, E. E. Lane; secretary,
George J. Hans; treasurer, R. Trum
bull. The club has charge of details
for a Republican mass meeting Octo
ber 28 at Fruitvale.
Fruitvale Republicans Organize.
CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT.— B.
Harris, saloonkeeper. Grant avenue and Bush
¦tre«t, got a warrant from Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday for the arrest of Vincent
O'Ne:l on a charge of felony embezzlement.
Harris alleges that he gave CNeil a »chool
teacher's salary demand for $63 to cash about
a week ago. O'Nell, It is said, cashed the de
mand, but kept the money.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— William
Rockefeller is to build a hotel at the
southeast corner of Fifth avenue and
Fifty-fourth street, outrivaling in
splendor John Jacob Astor's St. Regis,
according to the declaration of real es
tate brokers to-day. Louis Sherry will
manage it. This ends the fight be
tween Astor and Rockefeller over a
license to the St. Regis and breaks
down the barriers of exclusiveness for
the avenue. The idea of commercialism
which the Astors have carried into the
social section will .be developed by the
Rockefellers as they only can develop
business prepositions.
The disclosure of the plans of Rocke
feller came to-day with the announce
ment that he had bought a residence of
John R. Platt; who sued Hannah Elias,
at 7 East Fifty-fourth street. .
Rockefeller has been engaged in a
feud with Colonel Astor for two years
over the St. Regis. Rockefeller ob
jected to a bar license for the St.
Regis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rockefeller Proposes to
Build a Hotel That Will
Put St. Regis in the Shade
CARRIES WAR
TO THE ASTORS
YOUNTVILLE, Oct. 17. — Duncan
E. McKinlay. Senator Charles ,M.
Short ridge. Senator Robert Corlett and
Percy M. King spent the day here.
McKinlay. whom the veterans feel
pure will be their next Congressman,
received a most flattering and enthu
siastic welcome. At 1 o'clock Assem
bly Hall was crowded with the veter
ans and their friends. Captain Albert
Brown presided.
Prolonged cheers greeted the Re
publican nominee for Congress, who
has long been a favorite with the vet
erans, and it was some minutes be
fcre quiet was restored sufficiently for
bim to speak. McKinlay spoke at
Ifngth of the splendid condition of
the country owing to the Republican
administration .and said that we were
r.ow operating under one of the most
logical and perfect financial systems
known in the world to-day.
Senator Shortridge won the hearts
o' the audience with his wit and hu
mor and he eloquently pleaded with
the men to Btand by their Republican
principles and send Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay to Congress. Three rousing
cheers were given for the Republican
party and the speakers.
Old .Soldiers Give Rousing Reception
to Congressional Nominee.
VETERANS GREET McKIXLAY.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— Democratic
and Republican students at Princeton,
N. J., to-night marched through the
streets, carrying transparencies, led by
brass bands and making the campus
and village echo with their ringing
cheers for Roosevelt and Parker.
The Democratic students had or
ganised their parade to arouse enthu
siasm for a speech'making meeting. The
Republican parade was purely in the
nature of a counter demonstration.
Outnumbering the Democratic march
ers by two to one, the Republican stu
dents forced their way ahead of the
Parker shouters and for an hour" the
Princeton cheer ending with "Teddy"
was flung back in overwhelming vol
ume at the heads of the Democratic
ranks. . .
Republican Students Outnumber
Democrats Two to One.
PRIXCETOX YOUTHS PARADE.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Oct. 17. — Na
tional Republican speakers must sup
port Governor; La Follette In the
speeches in Wisconsin or the La Fol
lette men will not support the na
tional ticket. That is practically the
ultimatum laid down to the National
Committee. It came from the Fair
banks meeting on Saturday evening.
The La Follette men are angry be
cause Senator Fairbanks did not men
tion the Governor's name in his
speech, which was devoted entirely to
national matters. A leading La Fol
lette man said to-day:
"Roo-evelt has not got this State
yet. We arranged the Fairbanks
meeting and made it a great success.
It was nothing but a deliberate at
tempt to slight Governor La Follette
which kept Fairbanks from mention
ing him. It looks as though it was
done on the advice of the National
Committee."
Chairman Connor of the State Cen
tral Committee sent a vigorous pro
test to the National Committee to"-'
<Jay,' in which it is said he demanded
recognition by national Speakers of
Governor La Follette and his candi
dacy if the national ticket was to re
ceive La Follette support.
National Republlcnn Speakers Must
Support Him in Wisconsin.
LA FOLLETTE'S ULTIMATUM.
The white hat of "White Hat Mc-
Carthy" is no more. Vandals have
sacrilegiously filled its depths with
duck soup, mayonnaise, patte de foi
gras and other foreign substances,
which may nourish mortals but are fa
tal to millinery.
The crime was committed at the
Terrace GardenB. McCarthy entered
wearing the famous headgear, as well
known a land marls in San Francisco
as Twin Peaks. The band struck up
"This Is the Hat My Father Wore,"
whereupon McCarthy smiled the smile
of a gracious monarch, who acknowl
edges homage done him.
With graceful dignity he sat down
at one of the tables and deposited the
historical headgear by his side. He
never suspected that any one had de
signs upon the white hat of "White
Hat McCarthy." What wretch dared
lay a hand upon it?
He raised a tankard to his lips and
when he lowered it the white hat of
"White Hat McCarthy" was gone. Con
sternation tied his countenance into
knots. "Waiter," he shouted. "Where
is my hat?"
"Did you have a hat?" inquired the
garcon, whose name was O'Houlihan.
"Did I have a hat?" gasped McCar
thy. "Did I have a hat . I, McCarthy,
Wh.ite Hat McCarthy. I had the hat.
Where were you raised that you ask,
Did I have a hat?"
Down the line the news flew that
"the white hat of McCarthy is miss
ing!" If the ferry clock had taken a
hike up Market street to call on the
lady on the City Hall dome or the
Twin Peaks had matched for a twenty
round go, some surprise might have
been expressed. But White Hat Mc-
Carthy's chapeau anywhere but on his
cranium! Surely this was topsy-turvy
dom.
Policemen,, waiters, hackmen and a
mixed gathering aided McCarthy in the
search for the relic. It was ' soon
found, but alas, poor bonnet, we knew
it well! It was curtains for the cele
brated hat! The owner added his
tears to the fluids already in the head
gear. ... . . . .,r
'¦. Then his righteous wrath uprose and
he demanded damages from the propri
etor. A conservative estimate of the
value of the skyplece runs into six fig
ures. ' • -
White Hat McCarthy may wear an
other white hat some day, but it will
not be the white hat. The white :hat
of McCarthy is only a memory and in
time it will become a legend. .'
KcCarthy's Famous Chapeau
Filled With Mayonaise
by Some Unknown Vandal
HIS WHITE HAT
NOW A MEMORY
Hayes delivered a masterly address
on Republican principles. He assured
the orchardlsts and laborers that were
he sent to Congress he would look
after their interests.. He also reiter
ated his opposition to the Chinese and
Japanese.
SAX JOS*:, Oct. 17: — There was a
generous outpouring of citizens of So
rosls to-night to greet E. A. Hayes,
the Republican nominee for Congress.
It was the most enthusiastic meeting
ever held tiiere. Phllo Hersey presid
ed as chairman. Music was furnished
by the Stanford quartet. Addresses
were made by E. A. Hayes, Major
Kyle of San Francisco, Ward Jarvis.
nominee for Assemblyman in the Fif
ty-sixth District, and F. E. Mitchell,
candidate for Supervisor.
Citizens of Sorosls Give Hearty Greet
ing to Republican Candidate.
The Herald up to this time has been
supporting Parker and this sudden flop
will greatly surprise Democrats when
they read . to-morrow's paper.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— In the course
of a leading editorial the Herald will
to-morrow practically concede Roose
velt's election, as follows:
"In three weeks from to-day the peo
ple will have to decide who will be their
choice, Roosevelt or Parker. There
does not appear to be room for much
uncertainty as to their probable de
cision. It seems almost a foregone
conclusion that Roosevelt will be elect
ed, not, perhaps, because the people
have confidence in him and in his con
ception of the Presidential functions,
but because the country is prosperous
and thus the necessity for a change is
not very pressing. Roosevelt's chances
are increased by the people's misgiv
ings as to the reality of the 'change of
heart' the Democratic leaders profess
to have experienced. Bryan's grip upon
his party has been ostensibly shaken
off, but have all traces of his disorgan
izing reign been eradicated? *•
"As election day draws nearer it be
comes manifest that the Democrats
can oppose Republican discipline with
nothing more efficacious than disunion
and indecision." . .
Special Dispatch to The Call
Democratic Newspaper De
plores Party Disunion and
Indecision as Compared
With Republican Harmony
»
PROSPERITY HELPS
ROOSEVELT'S CAUSE
No revolver was found on William
Buckley at the time of his arrest and
he was in sight of some one of his pur
suers all the time after the crime until
he was captured. No revolver was
found at the scene of the crime. Mur
phy hopes by Charles Buckley's testi
mony to show that Copeland had the
revolver. The alleged murderer is said
to be serving a sentence in a Dakota
prison.
Attorney Frank J. Murphy, who is
laboring to save William Buckley from
the gallows, unearthed another Impor
tant witness yesterday. The necessary
affidavit will be secured as soon as pos
sible and then the whole matter will be
laid before Governor Pardee.
The new witness is a machinist
named Charles G. Buckley, who is satd
to be in Chico. He is not a relative of
the condemned man and was not ac
quainted with him. His story will be
that he met "China" Copeland. the al
leged murderer, on the night of the
shooting of George Rice. Copeland, he
says, met him in a saloon at the corner
of Second and Xatoma streets and,
drawing a revolver from his pocket, re
marked: "That has made one less scab
in the world to-day." Buckley bought
him a drink and advised him to clear
out as soon as possible. The witness
has refrained from telling his story be
fore because he feared that the police
might try to get him Into trouble.
Murphy says that he will save his
client's neck because he believes the
man is innocent and hints that he may
be able to show that a large number of
men were concerned in the conspiracy
to kill the non-union man. Detective
Thomas Ryan has made affidavit to the
effect that he suspected "China" Cope
land and John Granfleld did the club
bing and shooting and that he learned
both men had fled on the night of the
murder. Alfred Rosenholtz, a chemist,
has come forward with the testimony
that a man clad in dark clothes, dark
hat and of dark complexion did the
shooting. Buckley wore light clothes
and a light hat and is of light complex
ion.
;md Senator were escorted by a proces
t-ion of Republicans, headed by a brass
ba.nd, to the Opera-house. The large
auditorium was packed with people by
the time the procession reached there,
and it was with difficulty that passage
could be made for the guests. A roar
vf applause greeted the Governor when
he stepped forth before the audience.
J Albert Dole presided at the meeting,
and when. he introduced the Governor
there was another burst of applause.
Governor Pardee's speech dealt large
ly with the importance to California of
continuing the Roosevelt administra
tion-
He created a burst of enthusiasm
when he epoke of the value of a West
«rn man as President and showed what
the Roosevelt administration has al
ready done in aid of our State. He
expatiated upon the good that has come
from the national irrigation project
and the beginning of the Panama canal
and paid a glowing tribute to the work
of Congressman McLachlan for this
district and ail California.
Senator Ward dealt generally with
reasons why Roosevelt should be elect
ed. He told of the extension of na
tional commerce and the high rank
that America has taken among all the
! fctions since the Republicans came
into power. When he referred to
Rosevelt'a Western habit of thought
and his care for Western interests the
cudience rose and cheered.
To-morrow Governor Pardee and
Senator Ward will go to Pasadena.
POMONA, OoL 17.— The Republican
runipalpn was opened with a whoop
a:.d yell h<*re to-day. Governor Pardee
and State Senator Ward spoke here to
n ?hi. thoroughly awakening the peo
pie to the fact that a Presidential elec
tion will be held in three weeks. The
Governor and his wife arrived from
Riverside amid the booming of cannon
this afternoon. Nearly a hundred Re
publicans were at the station to wel
come him to Pomona. He was es
corted to the Hotrl Palomare? and
later he and his wife were taken out
for a drive about the city.
This evening Governor Pardee and
h'enaU-r Ward were entertained at din
i.er by the Pomona Valley Roosevelt
Ciub and at 7:30 o'clock the Governor
E. A. HAYES IS CHEERED.
T. B. Dozier of Shasta was then in
troduced. He spoke earnestly for the
national ticket and in eloquent words
urged the election of McKinlay to
Congress, giving urgent reasons for
such action.
effort being made by the Democratic
managers to gain sixteen additional
seats in the lower house in order to
gain control of the House.
A storm of cheers that lasted for
several minutes greeted McKlnlay at
the close of his speech.
New York Herald Admits
/That There Is No Room
for Uncertainty as to the
Result on November 8
The Union Labor campaign Is liven
ing up. The party held two mass meet
ings "."".st night, tme at Washington
Square Hall, the other at Mission Turn
Verein Hall. Congressman E. J. Liver
nash was. the principal speaker at
Washington Square Hall.V though D.
W.Burchard, James L. Gallagher and
C. F. ! Conlan, candidate " for; Judge of
the Superior Court, and Thomas P.
Rallies ; Are Held at Washlnglon-
Squnrc and Turn Verein ¦ Halls.
The Prohibition State Central Com
mittee announces in a circular that it
proposes to carry on a hurricane cam
paign from now until election day. The
circular thus refers to the campaign in
this city:
San Francisco Prohibitionists do not propose
to let. the campaign go by default, as far as
they are concerned. At a recent meeting of
the alliance plans were laid for two big rallies
in Academy of Sciences Hall. Next .Friday af
ternoon, October 21. at 2 o'clock, a conference
of local workers will be held, ln which leading
Prohibitionists of the city will participate.
Mr. and Mrs. Simmons, the famous campaign
singers of Riverside, will be present at this
meeting and also at the mass meeting to follow
the same evening Jn the same hall. John E.
Main, the billboard man. State Chairman Tayn
ton and Dr. Pratt of San Jose will also be ln
attendance. Uestdes the music and addresses
by the above several discussions will take part
at the afternoon session. In the evening of
the same day the programme will consist of
addresses by H. R. Chapln, candidate for Con
gress in the Fourth District: Dr. W. W. Pratt,
candidate for Congress in the Fifth District,
and also a twenty-minute address by some local
worker. These addresses will be Interspersed
with ringing by Mr. and Mrs. Simmons.
The final rally of the campaign will b« held
ln the same hall on Friday evening:. October 28.
when Rev. A C. Bane of the Howard-street
Methodist Church, Presidential elector on the
Prohibition ticket, will deliver the address of
the evening. Special music will be engaged
for this rally. As Dr. Rane Is one of the popu
lar preachers of San Francisco, there will un
doubtedly be a large attendance.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday excused S. G. Murphy, presi
dent of the First National -Bank, from
serving as special election officer, he
having presented a certificate of 111
health.
UNION LABOR MEETINGS.
The Republicans are encountering ac
tive resistance in three of the State
Senatorial districts, namely, the Third,
comprising the counties of Sierra, Plu
mas, Nevada and Placerf Twenty
ninth, the counties of Santa Cruz and
San Mateo, and the * Thirty-first, the
counties of Monterey, San Benito and
San Luis Obispo. H. W. Lynch, the
Republican nominee in the last men
tioned district, is confronting a normal
Democratic majority of 300, but he is
progressive and personally popular.
The Republicans are rallying nobly to
his support and the great wave of pub
lic sentiment for Roosevelt \irtll proba
bly land Mr. Lynch in the State Sen
ate.
Now that the Democratsihave aban
doned hope of carrying California for
Parker and Davis and see defeat for
their entire Congressional ticket loom
ing, up. they are falling back for en
couragement on the Senatorial fight in
the Twenty-ninth Senatorial District.
At Democratic headquarters the claim
is made that Ed White, brother of the
late Stephen M. White, will defeat S.
H. Rambo, the Republican nominee.
They say that while the Republican
factions are slashing one another the
Democrats are working vigorously for
White, with every chance of carrying
him through to victory.
The Democrats are finding further
cause for regret in the fact that A. C.
Lang, their nominee for the Assembly
In the Twenty-second District, Contra
Costa County, failed to file his certifi
cate of nomination in time and now the
only manner In which he can get on the
ballot is by petition as an independent.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee has endeavored to straighten out
the tangle, but without success, as the
law Is plain and inflexible.
PROHIBITION' PARTY.
The prospects of Republican victory
in the Fourth District grow brighter
every hour. Julius Kahn is daily re
ceiving assurances of support from
workingmen who voted for his oppo
nent in 1S02. The Republican State
Conunittee counts the Fourth' District
as safe. In the Second and Fifth dis
tricts the Democrats are putting up a
determined fight, but confidence in the
success of the Republican cause in
each district is Increasing. Advices
from Sacramento are to the effect that
the Republicans will win out in that
county by a majority exceeding, one
thousand. Two years ago the Demo
crats carried Sacramento County on
the Congressional issue.
STATE SENATORS.
FOURTH DISTRICT.
E. A. Hayes, Republican candidate
for Congress, Fifth District, and H.
D. Porter will talk to the men of the
Union Iron Works at noon to-day.
Duncan E. McKihlay, Republican
nominee in the Second Congressional
District, and State Senator Charles M.
Shortridge spoke at the Veterans'
Home, Napa County, yesterday. The
enthusiastic reception accorded to the
gifted speakers took on the character
of an ovation.
Congressman J.N.. Glllett, who is
making a splendid campaign for re-?
election as the representative ut . the
First District, was at Republican head
quarters at the Palace Hotel early yes
terday morning. Indications point to
his re-election by a large majority. He
is one of the ablest of California's pub
lic men and the* people have the great
est confidence in his judgment and in
tegrity.
The present .outlook is decidedly fav
orable to the success of the Republican
party in every Congressional district in
California. Livernash' made a bad
break as a candidate for popular favor
at the' Alhambra Friday night last
when he suggested that his Republican
opponent, Julius- Kahn, in making a
house to house canvass of the Faurth
District should follow the commercial
instinct of his race and take with him
a box of collar buttons and a basket
of suspenders.
FIRST DISTRICT.
5 Joseph Clifford, candidate for the As
sembly in the Thirty-fifth, and C. J.
Roller, county commltteeman, also
spoke briefly.
There was a good attendance at the
meeting in Mission Turn Verein Hall,
but candidates shied at it and only a
few put in an appearance. J. N. Copus
called the assemblage ta order and in
troduced James de Succa as chairman.
Both made brief speeches.
. The address of the evening was by
C. J. Williams, nominee for Congress
in the Fifth District. Exclusion of
Chinese and Japanese was his chief
topic and, inasmuch as the issue will
be raised next year, he argued, It was
incumbent on the "common people" to
see to it that they were represented in
national legislation by men who are
zealous "to fight the yellow peril."
Incidentally the speaker cqntended
he was the*only Democrat In the race
for Congress in the Fifth. He declared
that William Wynn, his opponent on
the Democratic ticket, had always been
a Republican. A voice ln the audience
demanded further enlightenment on
this point and this was furnished by
Copus, who paid he had received in
formation to the effect that Wynn once
served as secretary of a Republican
club in the Twenty-ninth District and
had always been a Republican.
We can obtain cheaper Iron and steel by
Improving the, Interstate commerce laws In
such a way that the transcontinental railroads
coming into San Francisco will be obliged to
transport freight on reasonable terms and
without discrimination of the sorts now prac
ticed. We can obtain cheaper, fuel by re
moving the tariff on bituminous coal and by
putting the Standard Oil trust under such
governmental control as will prevent the de
struction of competition in our own petro
leum districts. We can obtain enlargement of
our merchant marine by making sea life fit
for white men and by giving to American ves
sels «ome kind of Government aid — either by
handicapping foreign ships competing for our
carrying trade or by some direct tipping* of
the> scales in favor of our own flag. San
Francisco ought to have dozens of factories
and dozens of chips where now it has one.
Han Francisco would have them. too. were an
enlightened and concerted move made In that
regard by the working classes and the em
ploying classes. In Congress I have been
¦standing for amendment of the interstate
commerce laws, for putting bituminous coal
on the free list, for checking the excesses of
the Standard Oil trust, for improving the
laws relating to seamen, for prompt action
to arrest the decadence of our merchant ma
rine and for a number of similar moves. I
have been doing this for the sake of San
Francisco and the country as a whole.
To make the working classes of San Fran
cisco more prosperous and happy than they
are these things, among others, should be
done: More employment should be provided,
by enlarging our manufactures and extending
our commerce. At present there are hundred*
of unemployed men In this city— many more
than there were a year ago. These should
have work and work should be found for
thousands of others. This can be done by
getting for ou r factories cheaper iron and steel
and cheaper coal and by encouraging the
growth of our sea business.
Egan, chairman of the campaign com
mittee, made addresses.
George J. Berger, secretary of the
Union Labor Co-unty Committee, pre
sided at the meeting, which was well
attended. J, A. McManus, a member of
the County Committee, introduced Mr.
Berger as chairman. It i was getting
late when Congressman Livernash
made his appearance, but the crowd had
been apprised of his coming and waited
to hear him. In part he said:
Five years ago Ford suddenly ap
peared in San Francisco and with a
fortunate faculty of making friends
he was soon mingling with the beat
people* of this city. He was admitted
to private homes, received cards to
the various cluba and enjoyed the dis
tinction of being one of the few civil
ians who could go and come at will
from the island military fortresses.
Ford's local career, however, was a
short one, for one day a gentleman
who had been victimized by him in the
East exposed him as a social high
wayman and to support his accusa
tions, which society was loth to be
lieve, he* produced a photograph of
Ford, taken in an Eastern peniten
tiary, where Ford had served time for
forgery. The published story of Ford's
double life was a sensational affair
and was quickly followed by hi3 dis
appearance- It then became known
that he had been borrowing the Jewel
ry of many of San Francisco's young
society buds and pawning it in order
to get funds.
A few months after the expose Ford
was discovered in El Paso, where he
became involved in a quarrel with a
frontier official, whose wife he attempt
ed to mislead. The irate husband over
took him after a long chase and was
busily carving up the young impos
ter when outsiders interfered.
From Texas Ford managed to reach
London, where he assumed another
name and with a flimsy project, the
sale of a supposed big stationery con
cern in this country, he succeeded in
mulcting the British investors out of
a sum reported to be in the. neighbor
hood of 50,000 pounds. Lacking the
courage of, the Whittaker Wrights.
Ford was not slow in getting beyond
the clutches of the English law and
landing in Paris he took the name of
Waterbury and has since been spend
ing his British gold in that gay city
in a manner that has attracted gener
al attention.
Members of the Bohemian and Olym
pic clubs and young men abdut town
are deeply interested in a bit of news
fresh from Paris to the effect that
Paul Ford, who cut a wide swath in
San Francisco several years ago and
finally decamped after victimizing a
large number of newly made acquain
tances. Including the members of the
officers* mess at Angel Island, is now
enjoying the fruits of his 111 gotten
money in a life of luxury in the gay
French metropolis.
As Paul Waterbury, a name which
he has recently adopted in order to
conceal his identity, he is splurging
about Paris and Monte Carlo, riding in
his own carriages, keeping a private
establishment and boldly mixing with
visiting Americans whenever he is per
mitted.
Turns Big Crooked I rick
in London and Hastens
to France for Safety
Copeland, the Alleged Real
Slayer of Rice, Is Said
to Be in Dakota Prison
REPRIEVE IS DESIRED
Close Fight in Three Senatorial Districts
Republicans Expect -a Victory
BATTLE FOR CONGRESSMEN
CONCEDES
PARKER'S
DEFEAT
Governor Arouses Enthusiasm
of Southern Republicans.
McKlNLAY CHEERED AT ST. HELENA
— ?
3IULCTS THE BRITISHERS
Yoinig Social Highwayman
Who Victimized Many San
Franciscans Is Heard Of
Charles G. Buckley Will Give
Testimony Favoring Man
Under Sentence of Death
MUKPHY FINDS
A NEW WITNESS
IMPOSTOR FORD
IN GAY PARIS
P ARDEE TALKS IN POMONA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1904.
REDDING. Oct. 17.— Lee Kennedy of Che
halls, Wash., lie* at the .County Hospital at
this place In a '. serious condition. ... He ~ was
¦truck by a train in the Anderson yard of the
railroad - company Saturday night.
had been > beating, his: way south; on the first
•ccticn oX tbe Oregon express, <
4
ADVEKT1SKMKXTS.
BEECH AM SPILLS
cure disease by removing, the cause of it In the treatment of those
disorders which involve any failure of the nervous force. BEECHAM'S
PILLS have, during nearly sixty years/ built up %
AN UNASSAILABLE REPUTATION.
Nothing renews the power of the digestive organs like
BEECHAM'S PILLS.
They cleanse the Blood of long-standing impurities, brace up the
Nervous System to a high point of vigor, and effectually chase away
every symptom of weariness and depression. .: Since BEECHAM'S
PILLS have cured tens of thousands in this and every country of the
globe, |ust ask yourself .-why they should not equaHy prove a boon to you.
Rene w^the power^of digestion^by using
BEECHAM'S PILLS
Sold Every whero in Boxes, I Oc. and 25c. -.-. -
ADVERT1SE3IEXTS.
THE DISEASE
, OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE FIRST GLASS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR
HunyadiJfinos
(FULL NAMEJ
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON..
Every Woman
BlHSMR MARVU hir « n 9 Spray
*K7^C^Cjy»^kV "onand Swtxon. Best— Saf-
Li. 1? — WS... . 11..— * > ~ X *" T * ConTenlent.
Aik xoMt vnif f Jtt nf It. t^'. mfv. _^*<iS^^^^^^^*
If he cannot supply thu \ . fik& HX£'#/ri<c
MABVKL. accept no
otber. but lend stamp for 5®j. §"',™,'\s
Illustrated hook- >*»f*4. ft fire* *2>. M '-Wf
fall particulars and directions ta- X > / 4
TUlnable to ladies. ¦ M .* RVKL CO— VrtM.;:-. W
41 Park H*w, Sew 1 »rku
152 N«w Montsomery. San Francisco. Cal.
William Hatterotb (Ladies' Dept.). 234 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 40O Sutter and 10O Stockton.
Oagood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy ....119 Kill*
Jfc*€P^&>A MENANDWQMEFI.
<%Kfe?trBJEs l XE? Cm Big G for nnnatnrU
l» 1 to i ten^H dUcatrgei.lnfiamm&tioni,
£a£f 0u>ui«4 a Irritations or alcerttloat
Hwb s*t ta luiattir*. of muooui membrana*.
IP "9 Tr**m* c«u«4««. Ptin'.sa*. and not utrtn*
E7»trHES«mCHEMI»lC0. g«nt or poisonous
teKj*^ «.».». 5sar or •*** ln p'* ln »r*pp«t.
rfWyXi b 7 nvn*». prepnid, foe
%iifc *§532K> ) nH • ! °°- ° r 3 bt)t " •• $2jy
y '* " Circqlar »ect oo fqnwfc
SUMMER RESORTS. '
HOSTS SHOSX HOTEL — On Tonul«s
Bay. Good table . and accommodations/ Hooaa
taa-llch ted. Prieea very rsa*on*bl<». • MRI J.
•HIBI.D8, Marshall*. Maria County, Cal. .
\n eminent J>ocfor states
that Ditmkeznessis Caused Mm
hy poor CooJczjqg ajoJeozse- &^§L
gaent lack afjwwris&m&ity^ Ik
aEgasTcOjgg Cooks sng 600& Coote.
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND EL ECTRIC CO-
tf8ggK4X5fJPOST /STREET.Majestic.
. . All of women's . clubdom pu t . on its
best ,' bib , and tucker " last - night ' and
hied itself to the Majestic to do % honor.
to the ' benefit : given the 'Outdoor.' Art
The .'.Chutes.
The Lippincotts, up-to-date singers
and dancers, and Loa Durbyelle, a
shadowgrapher and magicierine, were
new at the Chutes yesterday' and
scored instantaneous hits. Ted E.
Box, the diminutive eccentric come
dian and whistler, changed his spe
cialty. Richard Walsh and Adele Li
gon Introduced new musical novelties
in their sketch, "The Twentieth Cen
tury Burglar^and the French Sou
brette." Charles and Ada Kalamo re
peated ,their hit of last week in their
character dances, and Mabel Lamson,
Fractures 3lexlcan's Skull.
Juan Rodriguez sustained a fracture
of the skull in a Chinese chop suey
house on Bartlett alley last night. He
became engaged in an altercation with
one Manuel Ramirez. Ramirez seized
a teacup and when Policemen Baku
lich and Baxter arrived on the scene
ho was vigorously pounding the piece
of china on his victim's head. The as
sailant was booked at the City Prison
for battery and Rodriguez was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital,
where, he was found to be sufferinif
from a fracture of the skull. He may
die.
For an excellent lunch, table d'hote or a 1*
carte, with or without wine, visit The Clarea
don Cafe, 543 Post st.. opposite Olympic Club.*
Alhambrn.
Sousa's band ' ¦ delighted another
great audience last night at the Al
hambra. The charm of the Sousa
combination of musicians is fr in their
ability to impress upon an audience
their great adaptability to the compo
sitions of latter day masters. Miss
Estelle Liebling. soprano, demon
strated her power of expression and
won much applause.
The programme for to-night is as
follows:
1. Grand Coronation Scene (first time here)
Tschalkowsky
2. Trombone solo, "Leona" (new). .Zimmerman
Ij»-o. Zimmerman.
3. Ballet suite. "Rurse"' (new)... t,ulgtnl
a. Czardas.
b. Slav valse.
c. Cossacll march.
4. Valse, "The Volca of Spring" (Strauss)
Miss Eotelle Llebling.
5. "Sunrise," from the Japanese opera "Iris"
<n«w) Mascagnl
6. -Ballet suite. "The Greeks" (new) .. Mass-net
7. a. Scenes Espagnole, "La Castagnette"
(new) Ketten
b. March. "The Invincible Eagle" Sousa
8. Violin solo, "Hejre Katl" Hubay
Mlssr Jessie Straus.
0. Overture, "Pott and Peasant",... .....Suppe
Peculations of Passenger Department
Clerk Cover a Period of Four
Months.
It was admitted yesterday by the
passenger department officials of the
Southern Pacific Company that James
McCabe, the missing assistant of As
sistant General Passenger Agent Ju
dah, is an embezzler and is being
sought by ..the police. A3 announced
in Sunday's Call, McCabe's shortage
amounts to a little over $1000, repre
senting excursion ticket money which
he received and misappropriated. An
investigation of the missing man's ac
counts revealed the fact that he be
gan "stealing three months ago, just at
the time that the Dicnlc season was in
full blast. It was about then that he
began to change his method of per
forming his work. Although his su
periors were not advised of the fact,
it appears that he had drifted away
from his previous regular habits and
had begun dissipating. Gambling and
carousing are supposed to have
tempted him to steal, and he con
tinued to do so until he had realized
that he had tjiken more than he could
ever hope to pay back.
The police are of the opinion that
McCabe has left the city, but they are
confident that he will be apprehended
unless he has boarded a steamer and
gone beyond the reach of the civil au
thorities. He is well known by West
ern railroad men. whom the police
hope will aid the Southern Pacific
Company in arresting -him. Yester
day Assistant General Passenger
Agent Judah's office was besieged by
people who know McCabe and were
reluctant to believe that he had gone
wrong. Among the visitors were some
of the leading railroad men of this
city.
DOG BITES A CHILD.— Robert H«ysaan. &
three-year-old child residing at 309 Van Ne«*
avenue, was treated by Dr. Herzog at the
Central Emergency Hospital last night for
lacerated wounds of the face. The little fel
low, while playing with a large Newfoundland
dog. in some manner angered the animal and
was severely bitten.
Alcazar.
Clyde Fitch's "The Way of the
World" opened at the Alcazar Theater
last night to a large house. It will be
specially reviewed in to-morrow's issue
of The Call.
MICHEL.S SAYS COMPANY
WILL. LAY GAS MAINS
Expiration of Contract for Supplying
Old Corporation Is Given As
Reason for 3 love.
Leopold Michels, president of the
San Francisco Coke and Gas Com
pany, is authority for the statement
that the corDoration in which he. is
concerned will, within a month, be
gin to lay gas mains in the streets of
San Francisco as a preliminary to sup
plying gas to the public. Mr. Michels
said yesterday his company had a con*
tract with the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, that expired -in
August/under which the last named
corporation received gas from his
company. When the contract • ex
pired there was a disagreement con
cerning the price to be paid as a con
dition for the renewal of the con
tract. This led to the decision on the
part* of the San Francisco Coke and
Gas Company to engage In supplying
gas to the public. Mr. Michels also
said that the present capacity of his
company's plant is 1,000,000 feet of
gas a day. This will be increased to
2,000,000 feet immediately. In ad
dition to gas the company produces
metallurgical coke that Is particularly
well adapted for use in smelters.
INSANE GIRL WANDERS
FORTH IN " THE NIGHT
The police "are searching for Miss
Haley of 2222 Clay street, who left" her
home last night after writing a note
indicating that she was temporarily in
sane. 'The letter was addressed to her
mother and read, "Meet me at the Cliff
House at' sunrise."
'• When she ; left home the. young
woman was" only partly clothed. She
wore a blue skirt and a blue and white
kimona.
v : Miss. Haley. is about 20 years old; and
is 5 ': feet- 5j inches in .'height. : Her'eyes
:are ; blue and her-hair dark brown.":Rel
: atives i fear » that ' she . may have com
mitted : suicide.
Drawing pencils and papers, drawing
instruments. draughtsmen's supplies,
inks, sketch pads, oil colors, drawing:
boards, thumb tacks, crayons and eras
ers; always the best. Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
Art School SnppUes.
James J. Jeffries, champion pugilist
of the world, was a disappointment to
many of the folk who witnessed his
five-round go with Thespis last even
ing at the Central Theater. They who
went to scoff remained to applaud.
Instead of being convulsed by the at
tempted acting of a man who had can
didly disclaimed ability to act, they
saw a histrionic exhibition that com
pelled their respect, at least. When
they laughed it was not at his reading
or action, but at the way in which
their less cultured neighbors received
his rehearsed sentiments and gestures.
The audience afforded more amusement
than the stellar mime.
It was in the titular role of "Davy
Crockett," created and played for many
years by the late Frank Mayo, that
Mr. Jeffries made his stage debut in
the city that has seen so many of his
ring triumphs. The character is In
tensely, if not impossibly, heroic, and
one would naturally suppose that the
Jeffries temperament would fairly
revel in its many opportunities to con
vey thrills to the upper tier. The fact
that the Jeffries temperament did noth
ing of the kind, but was constantly
held in most discreet restraint, was the
cause of the disappointment herein
before alluded to. If anything, the
part was underacted. Even in the fa
mous wolf scene that closes the second
act and opens the third one. the . big
fighting man never rose, or descended,
to the ranting and striving fer claptrap
effect that was practiced by his illus
trious predecessor in the personation.
"While his brawny arm barred the door
and his mighty torso seemed to heave
naturally under the strain, his lines
were delivered with the calm deliber
ateness of a man suffering more phy
sical agony than he cared to reveal.
His failure to overdo that scene was
what convinced th» critics .that worse
actors with greater pretensions to act
than James J. Jeffries are rather com
mon. - \: '
In his love scenes with the leading
woman the leading man's studied
self-repression stood him in admirable
stead, for it would have been easy to
spoil the effectiveness of their roman
tic dialogues by the least show, of
overexuberance. His' seeming awk
wardness on those occasions was con
sistent with his part. An illiterate
backwoodsman, strange to the ways
of educated city folk, could not feel
entirely self-possessed in presence of
a lady who spouted "Lochinvar's
Ride" with the charm of a profession
al elocutionist, especially when he
felt enamored of the lady and suspect
ed that she returned his passion. To
make a Chesterfield of a Daniel
Boone would be a crime against na
ture. The titters from the auditorium
were not provoked so much by what
the swain on the stage said or did as
by the murmurs , of approval that
wafted from . an unquestionably sin
cere gallery. :• I
Whatever else may be said of Mr.
Jeffries as an actor, he must have
credit for appreciating his limitations
In that. profession and abiding within
them. What he . lacks in grace of
stage deportment and knowledge of
the technique of the craft is compen
sated for by his intelligent modesty —
a quality that no other man who
doffed the mitts to . don the buskin
has shown in any marked degree. '} He
is a more admirable actor '. than he
would be if he believed he could act.
J. C. CRAWFORD.
the popular contralto, was heard in
new illustrated songs. The Ameri
can biograph, showing the funny mov
ing picture, '"The Count's Personal,"
completed a capital programme. The
amateurs promise many novelties for
Thursday night.
The whole house, from box to pea
nut gallery, was surrendered to the
club ladies and their friends. Even
the unwonted rustle of silks upstairs
under the roof attested to the whole
hearted purpose of those who came
to help out the cause of the Outdoor
League. The boxes, decorated with
dahlias and greens, were given over to
an exhibition of toilettes worthy of a
Grau first night. The orchestra was
spotted with immaculately starched
shirt bosoms. Society was there and
was pleased. Needless to say that the
folk behind the footlights rendered
"A Japanese Nightingale" to the best
of their •ability — and that is consid
erable.
Tirol!.
The second week of "Der Rastel
binder" at .the Tivoli differentiates
only from the first in that the work
is smoother with additional perform
ances. The music is good and the
movement of the opera is pleasing. *
League. Perhaps it is a far cry from
the campaign in favor of the Govern
ment preservation of the Calaveras"
big- trees to the : ' mimic love affair- of
a Japanese geisha and an American
gentleman, but then the latter motive
is only a step toward the accomplish
ment of the former and hence deserv
ing: of the sanction society gave it last
night. Between acts one could read
about preserving Telegraph Hill for
the pleasure and profit of the people
of San Francisco and of making a
park near Mission Dolores; this
could detract nothing from the pleas
ure of the evening and served the pur
pose of a useful reminder as to why,
one was there.
James J. Jeffries Turns Out to Be a Better Actor
Than Many Expected to See.
RAILROAD OFFICIALS
ADMIT McCABE'S GUILT
THE CHAMPION AS HE IS. AND ILLUSTRATIONS BY A CALL ARTIST SHOWING HOW HE APPEARED LAST NIGHT AT
THE CENTRAL THEATER. WHEN.AS DAVY CROCKETT, HE APPEARED IN THIS CITY FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE
HIS DEBUT AS AN ACTOR.
LTXZET PLEADS GUILTY.— ElUs Llnzey,
e colored rr.a.r.. Traded ruilty in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday to burglary and will be
*enter.ced on Saturday. Mrs. Rosie Vanucci.
610** Francisco rtreet. discovered him under
n»2.th her bed en the night of August 27. An
other charse cf burglary again?t him will prob
ably be placed on the reserve calendar.
Plar, to go now. and to go via Southern
Pacific, which offers choice of routes, stop
overs, and will make your tickets good for
return until December 31. Agents at U13 Mar
ket street will Rive you full particulars. •
Thoso who Intend visiting the World's Fair
should remember that there will only be four
more dates In October when they can get
tickets at reduced ratrs. The dates are:
October 19, 20. 2C and "7. and the round-trip
rate Is: to St. Louis. $67 50: to Chicago.
$72 50. Low rates to New York, Boston and
other Eastern cities.
Four 3Ioro Days in October for Re
duced Rates.
LAST WORLD'S FAIR EXCURSIONS
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 17.— Two deaths
are expected to result from a shoot
ing affray at Glen Ellen Sunday morn
ing, the outcome of a dice game par
ticipated in by three men at the saloon
of B. Fanocchla. , The man who did the
shooting was a stranger. When trouble
seemed imminent and the stranger was
drawing a revolver, Fanocchla ordered
them from his place. Half an hour
later two pistol shots were heard and
L. Laricci and John Guidottl were
found in front of the Roma Hotel with
bullet holes In their heads-
LariocI was shot in the neck, the ball
entering from the back, passtng up
ward and lodging in the man's head.
¦Physician Jesse probed for the bullet
this afternoon, but was unable to lo
cate it. John Guidotti. who is the most
seriously injured of the two. was shot
in the center of the forehead, the bul
let shattering the frontal bone. His
death is hourly expected.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 17.— Constables
Hughes and Agnew arrested Salone
Gloranni this evening upon the south
bound California Northwestern train
on suspicion that he is the man who
shot the two men at Glen Ellen Sun
day morning. Giorannl refuses to make
a statement.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The marriage startled friends and
relatives of the parties. In the
presence of George Austin and Attor
ney David McWade the impetuous
couple were made one in an Oakland
restaurant. A merry banquet followed
and then the inevitable morning after-
The pair made good the old adage.
"Married in haste, repent at leisure."
The husband is alleged to have ex
pected more than beauty as his bride's
dowry and the wife expected more than
love in a cottage. Love flew out of the
window and the couple took different
ways. Cords proved that- one disap
pointment did not prevent him from
assummg marital obligations again.
Though Cords is said to be well-to
do it is alleged that his first wife did
not think so. The young lady is a
relative of the late Solomon Heyden
feldt.
Immediately after Judge Graham an
nulled the marriage of Mimi E. Cords
and R- Cords Jr. yesterday the enter
prising young man hurried to Cupid
Danforth'a office and obtained a li
cense to marry Miss Flora Stern, who,
like wife number 1, hails from San
Francisco.
The age of Cord's second matrimon
ial choice is given as IS. She has been
living at 524 Ellis street with her sis
ter. His former wife is about 2S years
of age.
Cord's first venture as a benedict was
a real marriage in haste. Miss Mimi
Talmadge. a pretty blonde, met him
May 10, 1303, in Oakland, where he is
engaged in the real estate business.
After a twelve-hour courtship the two
agreed to travel . life's pathway to
gether.
A day later they mutually agreed
that they were not suited to each other.
The young woman filed suit for annul
ment of the contract on the ground
that when she married the fascinating
real estate man she was under the In
fluence of opiates and whisky, which
she had taken to. relieve pain result
ing from an operation for appendicitis.
Y»hen # she looked upon matrimony with
clear eyes she did not favor It. In her
complaint Mrs. Cords said she met
Cords for the first time on th« day of
their marriage.
While the annulment proceedings
were pending Cords figured In an esca
pade in Fruitvale. The husband of
Mrs. Thomas Wand rubbed the real
estate dealer's countenance with a
reck because Cords had visited several
resorts with his wife.
Mimi Talmage Succumbs to
Cupid in Twelve Hours to
Repent in Twenty-Four
Man Supposed to Be Assail
ant Is Taken From Train
by Officers at. San Kafael
The musical community is taking
great interest in the concert to be giv
en by Gertrude' Fleming, the child so
prano and pianist, at Steinway Hall
this evening. The artist, who is but 11
years of age, will play works of Bach,
Beethoven, . Mendelssohn, Schumann,
Chopin and other eminent composers,
including a difficult fugue for left hand
by Kalkbrenner, and, in company with
Rudolph Forster, her instructor, will
give the LuBtsplel overture for four
hands, by Kela Bela, and two of Mosz
kowski's dashing Spanish dances. She
will sing "Au Printemps," by Gounod,
Pinsuti's "The Last Watch" and the
Bach-Gounod "Ave Maria," with a vio
lin obligato by Charles Foley. Mrs.
Jeanette Cof er, the soprano, v and - Mr.
Foley, who is a tenor as well as violin
ist, will assist in a' varied and interest
ing programme.
Gertrude Fleming Concert.
Nina Rudolph is the San Toy and
sings a little and dances prettily. But
she hardly "belongs." There is a large
chorus of girls, who add much to the
picture — the most sumptuous that we
have had here for long— and two splen
diferous scenes. One might go through
the list of songs in vain to find a poor
cne. but the "Six Little Wives" (For
tescue). "Tommy Atkins" (Peachey),
"Rhoda and Her Pagoda" (Miss Mc-
Kinney), and "Chinese Soje-man" (Mr.
Powers), compel mention. Hear them
and see "San Toy." You'll never be
sorry. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
George Fortescue's Yen How is quite
as good. Mr. Fortescue Is Just 300
pounds of solid fun. Then John
Peachey, rejected of Fischer's, turns
up as an excellent barytone, and Fred
W. Huntley does a remarkable charac
ter hit as the Chinese lover. There are
others, all good, and all in their splen
did garb as mandarins, guards and
such, making a truly magnificent pic
ture.
Miss Margaret McKinney is chief
among the women. Miss McKinney
sings very prettily, and acts with much
sprightliness and humor as Dudley, the
lady's maid.
You feel you have never seen these
things done before and that nothing
else could be worth doing. Even his
speech. After his dance — and that's
better than any other dancing, you will
remember — Mr. Powers wandered in at
all the entrances to bow and finally
came forward. He put up his hand,
the audience said "Sh!" Mr. Powers
said "Sh! No more." He sings, too,
and you can hear every word he says.
Remains only his dialect, and that you
can hear any day in. Fish alley.
Mr. W. L. Romairie's Emperor, with
his falsetto voice and rickety gait, is
worthy to stand with the Powers' Li.
It is capital fooling.
But San Toy has a Chinese lover, and
she herself loves an English sailor. The
Chinese lover demands her hand as the
price of his silence. Refused, he then
discovers the English lover and re
venges himself by betraying Yen How
to the Emperor. But San Toy, to save
papa, goes herself to Peking, and all
turns out happily. And Mr. Powers?
Mr. Powers is a lazy, lightfingered and
altogether delightful Oriental named
Li. who fills in all the corners of the
plot and fun most richly.
It is not at all that there is only
Mr. Powers in the cast. "San Toy" is
not the one-man or Daniels variety of
comedy. There are at least three bril
liantly funny comedians, a tragico
comedian, two barytones and a lacy
humorist in "San" Toy's" company. It
Is "place aux hommes" Indeed with the
comedy, even to the best male chorus
that I remember to have heard outside
of grand opera. And to begin with,
Jams T. Powers.
Mr. Powers is a class by himself.
Quite like no one else that you know
is this genius of comedy. His very
makeup— he might have walked in off
a fan— prepared one for the exceptional.
And Just where lies his peculiar dis
tinction is difficult to lay a finger on.
Perhaps it is in the absolute ease of
his fooling, or in its vital magnetism.
But there is not a hair of his head that
is not funny. He touches new nerves
of laughter. Whether he drinks the
cologne he has filched from the lady's
maid — developing an entirely original
intoxication— or tries to hide the ring
ing alarm clock up his sleeve, or
mouths monkey-fashion at the aud
ience, doesn't matter.
"San Toy" is one of the earliest ex
amples of that curious combination of
comedy, comic opera and vaudeville
known as musical comedy. In itself it
Justifies the breed. It is almost comic
opera and it nears the best of comic
opera, with its sharply drawn types
and clever story, set about with the
sprightly and characteristic musical
setting.
Augustin Daly imported it from Eng
land, with those other charming
pieces, "The Runaway Girl" and "The
Chorus Girl," and we have ever since
been hearing "San Toy" echoes. Last
night's performance consoled one for
the echoes. 'Twas best for us and best
for the comedy that we had to wait ten
years for Mr. Powers to bring it along.
We might have had it last vear with
the dusty Daly shows that did wander
out here. Yes, true, they did bring
voice and fun with them, but "San
Toy" needs dressing— and Powers.
"San Toy" took five men to make,
Edward Morton finishing the book, Sid
ney Jones the music, Harry Greenbank
and Adrian' Ross the lyrics and Lionel
Monckton the other musical trim
mings. And a compact, sparkling and
picturesque thing they have made of it.
The scene is Chinese. San Toy is the
daughter of the Mandarin Yen How,
who has been ordered to send her to
the Emperor's harem. Yen How disap
proves. He wants to keep his daugh
ter. Accordingly he disguises her as a
boy. Word is sent to the Emperor that
Yen How's only child is a son.
As Yen How says: "The turtle goes
Blowly— but it gets there in time for
the soup." Only, there is no soup in
connection with "San Toy." But like
the turtle the comedy has been long
getting here apd is just as well worth
waiting for as the soup. A large crowd
sat through the" Hash and sparkle of it
last night at the Columbia and left
with a single verdict, stunning. You
see, there was James T. Powers— but
we anticipate.
BOSTON. Oct. 17.— The House of
Bishops, one of the legislative bodies
of the Episcopalian General Convention,
to-day adopted an amendment to the
canon on divorce and marriage forbid
ding the remarriage of any divorced
person The amendment was substan
tially the same as that which was re
jected by the House of Deputies on
Friday last.
The action of the bishops was not un
expected, as the sentiment of that body
was well known. In fact, a similar
amendment was passed at the San
Francisco convention three years ago,
but failed, as was the result this year,
to secure the support of the other
house. A conference of committees rep
repenting the House of Bishops and the
House of Deputies will be held to con
elder the disagreement, but leading
clergymen do not expect that the dep
oties will recede from their vote of last
week- The amendment is as follows:
"No minister shall solemnize a mar
riage between any two persons unless
by Inquiry he Fhall have satisfied him
self that neither Derson has been or is
th"? husband or the wife of any other
person now living, from whom he or
she has been divorced, for any cause
arising after marriage."
Additional amendments will be taken
tip to-morrow.
— «
?
Little Likelihood That the
House of Deputies Will
Agree to the Amendment
ACTION LACKS EFFECT
HONEYMOON IS BRIEF
BOTH VICTIMS MAY DIE
Episcopalian Bishops Again
Go Upon Kecord in Op
position to Remarriages
E. Cords Jr. Loses Wife Xo. 1,
. but : Immediately Secures
License to Wed Another
Two "Men Shot by Stranger
With Whom They Were
Gambling in Glen Ellen
Powers and "San
Tou" a Bunch
of Fun.
ANTI-DIVORCE
CANON ADOPTED
QUICKLY SEEKS
ANOTHER BRIDE
BULLETS END
A DICE GAME
HEATHEN CHINESE SEEN IN HIS GLORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. TUESDAY, OCTOBERS IS, 1905.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We perspire a pint a
day without knowing it ;
ought to ; if not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
pimples.' The trouble goes
deeper, but this is trouble
enough.
I f you us.e Pears 1 Soap,
no V matter how often,; the
skin is clear and soft and ;
open -and clear.
Sold all over the world.
DOAX'S FILLS.
ANSWER IT HONESTLY
Are the Statements of San' Francisco
Citizens Sot More Reliable Than
Those of Utter Strangers?
This is a vital question.
It is fraught with interest to San
Francisco.
It permits of only one answer.
It cannot be evaded or ignored.
A San Francisco citizen speaks
here —
Speaks for the welfare of San i
Francisco.
A citizen's statement is reliable;
An utter stranger's doubtful.
Home proof is the best proof.
Andrew Dahl, longshoreman, of
20 Federal street, says: "When a
man has had backache for four or
five years, some of the attacks being
so pronounced, particularly when
he caught cold, that it was a difficult
matter to perform a day's work with
any degree of ease, that man knows
what backache is. I always thought
there was some medicine which
would act directly on my kid-
neys and bring relief when those at-
tacks occurred, but until I used
Dean's Kidney Pills I met with very
little success. I just told my wife
the other night that for the last six
months my back was never in bet-
ter shape, and I attribute the change
to the use of Doan's Kidney Pills."
For sale bv all dealers. Price soc.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo. X. ~Y.,
so:e agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
sore: and bleeding gums
Scft and sp=r.gy gums are mads healthy
by the mildly alkaline and astringent prop-
erties cf SOZODONT. It is the most
fragrant csodorirer and antiseptic dentifrioe
known to the world.
SOIODOWT
TOOTH POWDER
the csrr.plement cf SOZCDONT Liquid, has
abrasive properties, yet is absolutely free
from grit and acid. It «.'i!l not tarr.ish gold
f illin gs or scratch the enaraeL
3 FORT'" D. POV'D-R. PASTE.
No Dirty Fingens M
with Jmsr
Filling (WVen
P£MJF that
Try £f Fillis
it. W Itself
JJ $3.12 and up
Does rot leak or ewcat and is always
ready for use.
Kodak Developing and Printing at
cat prices constitute one of my spe-
cialties.
Anseo Cameras and Camera Sup-
plies for all Kodaks.
Write for information. Mail orders
promptly attended to.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 MAESET STREET. Opv. Fifth.
SAX FRAXC1SCO.
V^Ik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jftL^^JB V>'20 KCAB.VY ST. KsUbUshed
i*"jlfir"%2l!ti xvn Jortbe trt-atmfnt of Private
J*|ikiSH»f nis»-»*^R. I>»*t 3i»nbo<xl. Debility or
f&K2*QQ**Q&<iK*£3* we&rtDfron body and mind and
.""u-'rvr'^^Hskia D«***«s. The Doctor cor»*-wli en
'*!". Trr him. Cb*rre« low.
rSrjSi r 1 1? ****»•**» — n*mmtr*A. Cull or write.
X>r. J* *". «1BBO.\, ttaii Francisco, Cat'
"-^. _,_ l _^ APVERTISEMTg>TS^_ .^,_ w _^-
'¦BfnBffil .Jl fil £9 A II I i
'it&f'SH A W firm I
* jh*^A*k ¦ *QJ^*B*£*^a*j£ST#%<=^*^*j*^p*fl*yHSS!9E9 HB^ ¦ 1
I JL Hi SHI g§&C%Gft3 qvAQ? tToCoy^Sjah^a iis W:\ I
*fl**ft^ \MlS *^ ¦ % S^^Va'fTnrff'^BrOTftS^'^-'-'''-*^ 'P"SW w^^P w*
, The Regal is pre-eminent and embodies many unique devices
found in no other- Range. Made of the . best iron obtainable. Full
nickel trimmed. Sheet flue system. Shallow fire box. Bakes evenly
top.and bottom. Heats water quickly with less coal than any Range •
on the market. ¦
...It* will cut your fuel bill in half...
245-259 GHOnrS* m TOE SQUARE: GETS FINAL DECREE.— Oakland. Oct. 17
An . absolute . decree of divorce was - granted
Esther L.\ LlUlbrldge ; to-day from Walter - G.
LiUibridge and she was allowed to resume her
maiden name of Esther B. Lyman.
WATSONVILLE. Oct. 17.— A. fire started by
accident- in the. Chinese Jusstiauttt in Brooklyn
across the river frcnv this city,, last night de
fctroyed-property of the Chinese Masons valued
at. 93000,, ¦.., ...... . .„, • . •
NEW BUSINESS BLOCK.— Berkeley. Oct.
17.— Ground :¦ was broken to-day for a three
story business block at Telegraph avenue and
Bancroft way, to be erected by J. A. Marshall
at a cost ' of 940,000. • Five stores will face
Telegraph avenue and,two-on. Bancroft way.
BERKELEY,; Oct.. 17.— The annual
debate by members of , the Forum took
place at -the High School this
ing. The question was: "Resolved,
"That Woman Suffrage Is Desirable.'!
The s affirmative *was argued, by • Stan
ley, Henderson \ and t Maurice ] Johnson
and the negative by, Anthony Camin
etti and ,Horaer r _Beedle,^ The, -judges
were : Monroe^ De'utsch,'* Henry .Dewing
and "Mr.^ Baker j, of, theV§ta$e | XJniver
sityJ/^They' gave 'the declsion'.to , the
negative and the title of best' speaker
to Beedle.
High School Debate.
STREET SUPERINTENDENT HURT.—
Berkeley, Oct. 17. — Street Superintendent Tur
ner, was thrown from bis buggy at Adeline and
Russell streets to-day and kicked in the head
by bis horse. The shouts of passing children
were responsible for the affair. Turner's spir
ited horse making a sudden Jump when the
unlocked for noise was heard. Several stitches
had to be taken in -Turner's head.
MILITARY BOARD OF SURVEY.—Ala
meda. Oct. 17. — Adjutant General J. B. Lauck
of the California National Guard has appointed
Captain M. W. Simpson. Captain T. V. Kess
lln« and Captain W. S. G rattan a board of
survey to examine and pass upon the loss and
damage to the equipment of Company G caused
by the recent fire in Armory Hall. The board
will complete its work not later than Thunt
day. Captain, A. P. : Smiley, quartermaster of
the Fifth Regiment, estimates the damage
done the regimental property at 950. ¦ <
Changes Situation.
OAKLAND, .Oct. 17.— Councilman
George Fitzgerald to-day filed his cer
tificate of nomination as an indepen
dent candidate for Supervisor in the
Fifth Supervisorial District. He has
obtained the necessary 3 per cent of
the signatures to his petition and will
make a three-cornered fight against
present Supervisor John Mitchell, Re
publican, and D. Cronin, . Democrat.
Victor Heck, Union Labor candidate
for, the Assembly, i n the Forty-seventh
District, has filed his withdrawal from
the race.
FOOTBALL PLAYER INJURED.— Alameda.
Oot. 17. — Kusbell Baker, the crack halfback of
the ¦ Alameda High' School '¦•¦ football team
is - confined to his home - with * con
cussion of 'the brain, .. ; following, a
kick he received In the head one week ago 'last
Saturday in a. game clayed between < the local
team and an eleven. representing the Berkeley
High' School. ¦•- Baker's trouble : did not develoo
until J. While .he »will .' be ; incapaci-'
tated from playing any. more this season, it la
«ot thought his; injury. i« serious.
FORM BOWLING SYNDICATE.— Oakland,
Oct. 17. — Articles of Incorporation of the Bowl
ers' Syndicate were Hied with the County
Clerk to-day. The purpose of the incorpora
tion is to conduct billiard halls, bowling al
leys and other places of amusement. The
capital stock of the corporation is 912.500, of
which amount 97000 is paid up.; The directors
are Arthur W. Morrill. Edward W. Gregg,
Bernhardt M. Bharvey, Andrew Duncan. Hugh
C. Carson and L. G. Parker.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17. — Councilmen
Edwin .Meese and- J. T. Wallace and
City Engineer F. C. Turner have in
spected the. property that has been of
fered to the' city as a source for a
municipal water supply by George W.
Dornin, president of the City Council,
who bonded the land that the city
might have 'an "opportunity to inves
tigate it. The committee of inspec
tion has, submitted a~feport to the ad
/isory committee ¦ on 'municipal water
-apply.
Inspect Land for Water Supply.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— After twenty
five years' service in the school depart
ment. Miss L. E. White, a teacher at
the Franklin School, resigned to-night,
the reason being that she felt the need
of a prolonged rest. The Board of Edu
cation accepted the resignation after
expressing high appreciation of Miss
White's long and valuable work in the
department.
Architect Schwatka of San Francisco
was employed at a monthly salary of
$155 to examine and report upon" the
eighty or ninety plans of school build-
Ings that have been submitted to the
board. This is to determine whether
the plans can. be followed within the
appropriations.'
Schoolteacher Resigns.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— An 1 autopsy
held to-day on L. H. Buddemer, who
died at the football game on California
Field last Saturday, disclosed the fact
that Buddemer's death was due to a
broken neck. He fell from th.e bleach
ers just as he arose to join in the
cheering. It was supposed by those
about him that heart, .failure caused
the fall and death which so soon en
sued. The autopsy has revealed that
while Buddemer's heart may have
been weak, his death was caused by
the breaking of his neck.
Broken Neck Result of Fall.
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— With." his
eyes swathed in thick bandages that
effectually exclude the light Qharles
H. Spear, president of the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners, lies in bed
at his home, 2212 Fifth street, a vic
tim of a unique accident that occurred
on a railroad train last night.
Spear's face received a shower of
glass as he rode through the Oakland
stock yards on the Overland- Flyer
No. 1, from Ogden. A pole project
ing from a passing mail car struck the
window where Spear sat and the Har
bor Commissioner's face and eyes in
stantly took on a resemblance to a
raw Hamburger steak. ¦ - >
To-night the physician in attend
ance assured Mr. Spear that! he would
not lose his eyesight, as was feared
at first. All the glass has been re
moved from the patient's face and he
will be obliged to remain in bed for
a few days with his eyes bandaged.
State Official Is Confined to House as
.; Result of an Unusunl Accident
on Train, /-v^;
BANDAGES COVER EYES
OP COMJIISSIONER SPEAR
GETS BULLET IN HIS ARM.- Oakland,
Oct. 17. — C. Olix'er, a colored saloon-keeper
living at 1701 Pacific etreet in West Oakland,
was painfully injured early this morning by
the accidental discharge of his own revolver,
which fell from his pocket to the floor. The
ballet entered the right forearm and came out
between the elbow and shoulder. Oliver was
treated^ at the Receiving Hoepltal by Dr. O.
D. Hamlln.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17. — The following
marrlage : licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Walter H.
Dodge, 28, Alameda, ¦ and Johanna C.
Goertz, 2 6, 1 "; Oakland; Rask N. Kerr,
over 21, ,; and' Maria* Thompson, over
18, both of Oakland;. Charles Duquid,
over 21, ahd Mamie L; Quast, over 18,
Alameda;' Richard M.. Clark, 22, and
Aurelia r O. Coster, ¦: 19, both of San
Francisco; Otho > G. Cook, 33, and Ag
nes p!BrJeri/2/5,';both' of San Francis
co; Isaac A. Stevens, 29, and Anna
Hill.^24, 'both of ; San Francisco;
Charles Lund, 43, and- Margaret Mc-
Intyte,' 43, both of San Francisco;
Ralph'.R. Henriot," 24; San 'Francisco^
and Wanda Brastow, 23, San Jose;
Andrew J. Bennet, 30, and Madeline
Martulich, 20, both of San Francisco;
Joseph Brown, over 21, and Luiza da
Gloria Amaral, 18, both of. Warm
Springs: Francisco Trucco, 32, Oak
land, and Rose Devincenzi, 22, Golden
Gate. ¦.'¦v'~; : .l .
Marriage Licenses.
POSTING OF OPEN SHOP
CARDS IS POSTPONED
OAKLAND, Oct. 17.— S. C. Skinner,
a rancher from Sacramento, was ar
rested at 2:30 o'clock this morning
while strolling in the neighborhood of
Twelfth avenue and East Fourteenth
street. Skinner was armed with a
loaded pistol. To be on the safe side.
Sergeant of Police Frank Lynch sent
the stranger to the City Prison, where
he was ' detained until ' this afternoon
until the police satisfied themselves
concerning Skinner's, identity. Skin
ner deposited $50 bail for Tils appear-^
ance in the Police Court 'to-morrow
to answer a charge of carrying a con
cealed weapon. He said he had been
on a visit to the bay, but had beer\
restless and was walking about the
streets to wear off his nervousness
when he was arrested.
Armed Farmer Goes to Jail.
Restaurant Owners' Association De
cides to Delay Action Until After
the Next Meeting.
OAKLAND, Oct 17. — No action was
taken to-day by the Oakland Restau
rant Owners' Association relative to
th* declaration of the "open shop"
war, although it was generally ex
pected that C. F. Carl, the secretary
of the Citizens' Alliance, would begin
the posting of the open shop cards
this afternoon. Secretary Carl,, in ex
planation of the delay, said:
I cannot «ar lor certain when the "open
•hep" will be declared, as no meeting of the as
eooiation has been held since September 27.
The cards are printed and are dated to-day,
but all the' checks of the various restaurant
men bsve not yet been collected and we thought
It advisable* to wait until they were all in.
Every member of the association has agreed to
deposit a certified check as a guarantee of
good faith, and until these are all deposited
It Is likely that mattere will remain as they
are.
A meeting will be held in a few day*, how
ever, at which all the checks will be deposited,
and aa soon as this is done the "open shop"
will be declared.
The Cooks' and Waiters' Union de
cided at a meeting held last night to
strike if the "open shop" was de
clared, and to open co-operative res
taurants to compete with those be
longing to the Restaurant Owners'
Association.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 17.— Charles S. Neal,
representing the joint committee from
the Alameda Advancement Association
and the West End Improvement Asso
ciation, addressed the City Trustees to
night and urged the municipal legisla
tors to provide for an election of free
holders to frame a new charter for Ala
meda, so that the same could be sub
mitted, if carried, to the coming State
Legislature. The City Trustees selected
next Monday night as the time when
they will meet and discuss in detail the
plans for the proposed new organic law
for the city. President J. F. Forderer
introduced a resolution which was car
ried and which empowers the Chief of
the Fire Department to draft a plan
for the disbandment of the volunteer
companies and the reorganization of
the department.
Attorney A. F. St. Sure, on behalf of
four hundred residents of the East
End, appeared before the board in sup
port of a protest against the hauling
of Oakland garbage through the city
and the dumping of It on Bay Farm
road. The protestants claim that the
stench arising from the filth and de
caying matter is a menace to their
health and homes. The protest was re
ferred to the Board of Healih.
Charles S. Neal Addresses Trustees
and Urges Submission to •
Freeholders.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17. — Though he
could not- be found guilty of battery
in placing his hand upon Mrs. Bertha
Conness to cause her arrest, C. G.
Cano, an engineer, was given a verbal
flaying to-day in the Police Court by
Judge George Samuels,, who said he
regretted extremely that he could not
punish a man who would drag his
sister-in-law out of bed at midnight
and send her to the City Prison! -The
Judge said:
"In the first place, you had no
right to arrest Mrs. Conness; In the
second place, you should have known
better and should have exhibited the
instincts of a gentleman. You corn-*
pelled Mrs. Conness to remain in jail
all night, an act for which I wish
some way could be found to punish
you." •
Cano had his sister-in-law arrested
because his wife had locked him out
of the house. Mrs. Conness swore to
a complaint charging Cano with bat
tery, but it was shown Cano had
placed his hand upon his relative in
order to cause her arrest.
Police Judge Saninels Scores Man
Who Has Sister-in-Law Dragged ;
Off to Jail.
REGRETS HIS INABILITY
¦ % TO PUNISH ENGINEER
Mrs. Engs' Funeral to Be Private.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17. — The funeral
oX- the late Mrs. Mary Webb Engs, :
wife of the late John S. Engs, will
be entirely private. Mrs. Engs died
late last night after three weeks'
illness at her residence, 1003 Twelfth
street. She was a member of one of
the most prominent families in Oak
land. Her surviving children are Dr.
Jchn S. Engs, professor of pathology
and bacteriology at the University of
California; Edward W. Engs of the
law department of the Oakland Trac
tion Consolidated; Otis W. Engs of the
Realty Syndicate, and S. M. Engs of
Chicago, Eastern manager of the
Bowers Rubber Company. Mrs. Engs
was a sister to Edward O. Webb and
Mrs. Horry W. Meek of Haywards.
Mrs. Engs was a native of Newport,'
R. I., 64 years old. She came to Oak
land twenty-five years ago.
Passenger Traffic Manager Fee of the
Southern Pacific Company and his sec
retary. George Gardner, left last night
for St. Louis, where they will attend
the quarterly meeting of the Transcon
tinental Passenger Association.
Irving B. Dudley, United' States Mi.,
ister to Peru, an appointment which
was conferred on him by the late Pres
ident McKinley, arrived at the Palace
yesterday. He came north by way of
San Diego and is going to Washington
on a leave of absence.
Among yesterday's arrivals here was
District Fire Chief John Healy. of the
Denver department. In a recent con
flagration in Denver he was nearly suf
focated from acid fumes and has since
been suffering from lung troubles. He
has come .to' San Francisco on. the ad
vice of his physician with the hope
that the lower altitude ' will improve
his condition.
Herr Domschke, a director of the im
perial railways of Germany, and Eruin
Kurlzi, inspector of structures in the
same department, are expected here in
a few days. They are traveling through
this country studying/the problems of
railroading from an American stand
point-and paying particular attention
to railroad structures. . . ,-.
R. C. Wyyell, a prominent real estate
man of Minneapolis, and his wife are
guests at the St. Francis. They are
enjoying their honeymoon in the West.
Clinton G. Smith of the Bureau of
Forestry at Washington has just re
turned from a trip through Hurnbojdt
County and is staying at. the Occi
dental.
O. P.. Cook, who is attached to the
Horticultural Department at Washing
ton, is at .the Occidental. He has been
visiting Luther Burbank, the famous
California, horticulturist -in Sonoma
County. .-..- . ¦';..¦¦
James Wardner, who has participated
in all the great mining rushes in the
West and is widely known all over the
coast, is at the Palace, having just
come down from Goldflelds, where he
intends to build a hotel. '.'"-'.¦¦'.
W. E. Keller, president of the Loeb
Milling Company of Los Angeles, regis
tered yesterday at the St. Francis.
W. E. Hampton, president of several
large manufacturing concerns of Los
Angeles, is among the latest arrivals at
the St. Francis.
W. B. Simones of St. Paul, who is
interested in mining in California is
staying at the Occidental.
George Lewis, secretary of the firm
of Shreve & Co., has returned from a
four months' trip abroad.
H. N. Yerrington, the well known
railroad man of Carson City, and wife
are at the Palace. ' '-'! ',
John Finnell, one of Tehama Coun
ty's wealthiest and oldest ranchers, is
registered at the Palace.
Edward E. Berwick of Pacific Grove,
head of the Parcel Post Association, is
at the Grand.* ¦
C. C. Royce of Chico is at the Lick.
Dr. R. Hartmann Kempt of St. Louis
is at the Lick.
PERSONAL*
A. W. Maltby, a rancher of Concord.
Is at the Grand.
Hemmel Henri, a tourist from Paris,
is at the Palace. ¦
L. J. Rose Jr., a fruit man of Ox
nard, is at the Palace. '
J..V. Shepard, a railroad man of Los
Angeles, is ait the CJrahd.
John Benderya mining; man "of Ne
vada City, is at the Palace:
State Senator Thomas Flint ia up
from San Juan and registered at the
Palace. .
Robert Armstrong, who was at death's door
this summer with typhoid fever, is convales
cent. During his sojourn In Oakland as man
ager of . the music department of Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s local store,,; Mr- Armstrong has
made many friends, who will be glad 'to learn
of his return to health, and to-his old-position.
Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Curtlss are staying at
the Irving in San Francisco, where they will
'probably.' remain for the remainder of the
winter. . ¦ '
"As Tou Like It" at Mills College Saturday,
by the Ben Greet Company, • will entice a big
crowd into the classic shades of the well
known school — if -it doesn't rain — for not only
is the promised .performance under the trees
unique, but Oakland is Interested in increas
ing that endowment fund. ' :
On Thursday dainty . lone Fore's wedding
with Eugene Hewlett takes place and those
lucky enough to be invited say they "wouldn't
miss it for the world — they Just know lone
will be too ' lovely for anything." So here's
to the little Thursday bride, and may she sur
pass fondest expectations.
The Oakland Club Is busily engaged with
plans for the big club event of the year, the
annual breakfast, which takes place Wednes
day. This will be the first affair of impor
tance since the club moved into its new head
quarters at Maple Hall and the ladies in
charge say it will surpass all previous efforts.
The decorations are to be very elaborate and
the menu will be quite up to the standard set
by the Oakland Club.
• ' Ebell starts the ball 'rolling i to-morrow and
the "tourist < section' ' has promised a treat.
*Mrs. W.-'A". Chllds' 1s curator of that section
'ami Is 'going to" tell how easily.' two women .can
make a 'tour of the- world alone. Mrs. A. H.
GrlaBcock will give a description . of her recent
"trip up the Nile." and other travelers in the
section will give little anecdotes of their own
adventures in foreign lands. > -
To give coloring to these journeys in spirit
Mrs. Farnham, Mrs. Weatherbe*-. and Mrs.
Wellman have kindly consented to lend their
fine collections of curios for to-morrow.
OAKLAND, Oct. IT. — Society in general, and
a pretty little bride in particular, are praying
for continued indulgence from the weather
clerk, . for rain this week means the marring
of several promising events. Tempers and
gowns are both liable to damage, if the pres
ent supply of sunshine gives out, for a little
bird has whispered that any number of new
dresses 'are to' receive an airing at one or more
of the smart functions that take place this
week. /•¦ ... , " r .jt.t * ..... _ .
The land is three miles west of
Warm Springs in the Dumbarton Point
district. It is In a strip six miles
long near the bay shore as it narrows
toward San Jose. The committee
said there were many flowing artesian
veils on the property, all of them
showing a great abundance of water.
Representatives of the Sierra Ne
vada Power and Water Company pre
sented to the committee a. general
statement of their project, which In
cludes water rights at the headwaters
of the Mokelumne River. Considera
tion of this proposition will be given
at a meeting to-morrow night.
tesian Wator on Dornin's Tract.
OAKLAND, Oct. 17. — City Council
men Edwin Meese and J. T. Wallace
and City Engineer F. C. Turner re
ported to-day to the advisory commit
tee on city water supply that they had
made an examination of the property
bonded for the city by Councilman
George W. Dornin and had found an
apparently abundant supply of water
from artesian wells on the 1000-acre
tract.
Councilmen Report Abundance of Ar-
WANT SUNSHINE.
VIEW SITE FOR WELLS.
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. OCTOBER 17.
Frances V. Perrine (single) to Susan E. Per
rine, lot on S line of Thirtieth street. 312.03 W
of Telegraph avenue. W 30.33, S <J0 to 9 line of
Rowland Tract. E to intersection with Use at
right angles to Thirtieth street. S from point
of beginning. N CO to beginning, block 2029.
Rowland Tract. Oakland; gift.
Joseph T. and Paulena Hlnch to Bells Bolt
inghouse (wife of Frank L.), lot on NE eornsr
of West and Thirty- third street. N 32:8 by B
100. portion of lot 1, block E, property Central
Land Company, formerly known as the Brown
Tract, Oakland; $10.
H. B. Carpenter (single) to George & Pratt.
tot on S corner of May street and Vernal ave
nue. SE 100 by SW 182. lot 10. block 4. re
vised map Piedmont Park. Oakland Height"".
Oakland Township; $10.
William H. and Beverly B. Hathaway to
Emma L. E. Gillihan (wif« of William F.), lot
on W line of Fulton street, 220 S of Channlr^r
way. W 150. N 40. E 50, S 40. portion lot 5, block
3, property College Homestead Association.
Berkeley; $10.
The Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to
Eleanor L. Knapp (wife of W. B.). E 83 feet
of loti 11 and 12. block 9, map McQee Tract,
portion plat 67. etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Same to Meda Segelhcrst. E 43 feet of lots
13 and 14 and W 43 feet of lota 11 and 12. block
9, same. Berkeley; $10. ¦ ¦, .
Hugh McEvoy to John J. Donahue, lot en SB
corner of Ninth and Bristol atreets, E 52 by -S
100, Berkeley; $10.
Grace il. Irwin (single) to Peter Madsen.
lot on W line of Kins (Paradise) street. 00 > 3
of Felton. S 45 by W 112:6. portion lots 10. 11
and 12, block G, Paradise Park, Berkeley; $lf>.
E: M. and C. M. Lancaster to Christian K.
and Chriatena Marie Klein. 2.0S3 acres begin
ning at point on S£3 line of subdivision 7, at
intersection with dividing Hn» between subdi
vision 4 and S. thence SE 433.60 by SW
20S:4<£, portion subdivision 4. map Patterson
ranch, etc., Brooklyn Township; $10.
Dore Jacobsen- (widow) ami Annie ifadsen
(widow) to Henry Madsen. lot on S line of
Prospect avenue, .75 N of East Sixteenth street..
N 70 by E 110. lota 3 and 4. block C, map
Daly Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Cornelius and, Lizzie Lynch to . Nets C.
Hawks and Hermann O. Mehrtens. lot on B
line of Haleht avenue, 109.30 TV of Sixth
iThtrd avenue) street. ,"W ,74:2 by S 70. Ala
meda: $10. - . ._.
Edward and Annett* Johnson to Ir&
Vaushan, lot on 3 line of Lincoln stre«t, 73
"W of Campbell, W 40 by S 110. lot 4 and por
tion lot 5, block 711. map part Plats 8S5 and
3S6, Oakland; $10.
Olive Biron (widow) to Ch*r!e« Norman
Wood and F. O. Brown, lot on S lin» of Avon
street, 121:6 W of Shafter CFeeond avenue), W
CO by S 130. lot 2S. block B, map blocks A. B
and C, Vernon Park, Oakland; J1O.
Charles and Annla I~ Hart (wife) to Harold
J. Tagsart. lot on S line of Edwards street, 170
E of Andover, E 33:4 by 8 123. beingr W SS:\
of lot 67, map Pacific Theological Seminary
Tract No. 2. Oakland: $10.
Joseph T. and Paulena Hlnch (wife) to
Charlen Hanmer. beirlnnlns at point In 'cen
ter line of W-ilsworth avenue, 63 :« SW from
XK boundary line of lot 1 on line at rlsht an
gles thereto." NW 204 to point 1M SE from SB
ltne of Fairmount avenue. S"W 30. SB 203. NEJ
30 to beginning, portion of let 1. map 100-Acra
Tract. Oakland: $10.
H. P. Bancroft to Ague* L. Ryan, lot on 3
line of Fitty-thiitf street, 120 W of Dover. W
40 by S 133. let 11. block G, map Santa Fe
Tract*2. Oakland: *10. - * I •.;<;-
Thomas I ». and Rose A. Sullivan <wUe) to
XVilliam O'Malia, lot on W line of Telegraph
avenue 61.87 N of Cornwall, N 51.87. W 10O.4O.
S 50, E 92.60. lot 13, McElrath Tract, Oakland;
$10. ¦ .. . . - ¦ _
Ajrnes Borland (widow) to Oeorjre Palmer,
lot en W line of Webster street. 197:fr N of
Twenty- eighth or Merrimac. N 37:8 by W
iK>.C3. being- N 37:6 of lot 7. Borland property.
Oakland, deed and agreement; 110. '
I.ucy and Math Klaas (husband) to Germain*
Icarrt (wife of Baptiste). lot on E line of Lewis
street. 150 S of Railroad avenue, 9 30:2 by B
125, lots "0 and ;J1, block 406. map redlvlsion*
of city blocks 434. 495 and 40«, Oakland; $10.
Ida B. Winters to Martha M. Klder, lot on
N line of Athol avenue, SS4:« W of Xewton
avenue. W 50. N 1.10, K U:U. S 12S. portion
of lot 7. block D, Peralta Heights, East Oak
land: $10.
Richard and Clara B. T. Fenner fD« Gomez)
to Holland S. Scott, lot on SW lln« of East
Twenty-third street. 25O NW of Seventh ave
nue, NW 00 by SW 130, block 136, Clinton.
East Oakland: $10. ;
C. Weston Clark (single) to Elizabeth F.'
Jackson, lot on W line of Piedmont avenue, 50
N of Parker street (Kearney avenue). N 50 by
W 02:6, being- portion of lot 9, block 2, mai>
property of John Kearney, eto., Berkeley, deed
and agreement; $10.
Berry-Bangs Land Company f corporation)- to
P. S Pagp, let on W line of College avenu*.
"00 S of Stuart street. 3 50 by W 143, lot 7,
block J, Berry-Bangs Tract, map No. 2. Berke.
ley. dceid and agreement; $10. .. •¦>*:'-.
NEW IMPROVEMENT. CLUB
BUILDING IS DEDICATED
The Market Street and Eureka Val
ley Improvement Club held a sort of
"at home" reception in their new hall,
2569 Market street, last evening. Re
freshments of sandwiches, cake, beer
and cigars were served and good cheer
was the general sentiment of the oc
casion. Major J. Hlggins presided and
stirring remarks on the work of th«
Mission Improvement clubs and the
future of their own club were made by
President R. C. Clark. A. S. Lillle,
president of the Federation of Mis
sion Clubs, Messrs. Healy, Lover and
others-.
The club hall, which has been com
pleted at a cost of S6000, is the work
of the association, formed Into a
stock company. The shares are held
by the -members of the club and have
been almost all disposed of at S3 a
share. The lower floor is rented as
a store and the upper story la used by
the club. The construction of its own
hall by an improvement club Is a new
departure and an improvement * In
deed. The club meets every Monday
evening.
' , All of this was in response to resolu
tions offered by Supervisor Rowe call
ing iupon the company to explain why
It had not delivered the Columbia ma
chines according to contract. The sub
ject was referred to the committee of
the whole.
Reed declared his belief that the new
machine would meet the requirements
and that his company's action in not
supplying the Columbia could only be
construed as fair and honest dealing
with the county in view pf. the finding
of the new machine.
- - Information came to our company that a
new voting machine had been invented, which
was very far superior to any other voting ma
chine In the market. Our company immediately
sent out Senator Leavitt to New York and
Chicago to investigate this new machine. A
thorough and complete Investigation was
made and it was found that this machine,
called the Dean machine, could do all that
was claimed for it and more, and that it wan
the only machine in existence which fully
complied with the California laws. This in
vestigation convinced us that neither the Unit
ed States Standard nor the Columbia Voting
Machine Company complied with the California
laws in this, that the voting machine law of
California provides that "they must also pre
vent his voting more than once for the- same
person for the same office, and allow of his
reversing bis vote in case of mistake or de
sire to change."
After reciting that the contract had
been awarded to the Central Supply
Company to furnish 100 Columbia vot
ing machines, Attorney Reed, as presi
dent of the company,- said:
The Board of Supervisors was re
quested to-day to postpone all action
in the matter of purchasing voting ma
chines until a new device, known as
the Dean machine, can be exhibited tq
the. board about January 1- This de-i
lay was urged by the Central Supply
Company, represented by State Sena
tor Frank W. . Leavitt and Attorney
George W. Reed. They submitted a
written explanation to-day concerning
the failure of the company to deliver
the Columbia voting machines for
which a contract of sale had been made
with the Supervisors.
The reason given was that the com
pany had discovered that the machines
would not meet the requirements of
the law, which permits a voter to
change his ballot before it is finally de
posited. It was pointed out that after
a. voter had operated the machine he
could not make a correction if he
should so desire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Callj
' 1016 Broadway, Oct. 17.
ALAMEDANS MAY ASK
FOR NEW ORGANIC LAW
"Mr. Bailiff, take the woman from
the courtroom until she can behave
herself."
J. J. Sheahan, the husband, finished
giving his testimony in the now cele
brated divorce case this afternoon. He
said that he and his wife had lived
happily together until about a year
ago, when she became interested in
spiritualism- He was away from home
a good deal of the time on his busi
ness of insurance adjuster and said
he was told nothing about what his
wife' was doing until she nad become a
full fledged medium. One night he went
home and found the house a blaze of
light and a seance had been advertised
to be held there that night. The first
comer was ordered away by him and
the affair broken up. He said his wife
had neglected her home, her children
and himself and squandered the money
he had given her to pay the family
bills.
The court ordered all of the answer
to be stricken from the notes, except
her" admission of having put the ad
vertisement in the papers and then
said:
Judge Melvin warned her that they
would get along better if she simply
answered the question, when she re
sponded.
"Well, I don't care; it's nobody's
business what I did about the adver
tisement, as it was after I left my
husband."
She was recalled to the stand for a
few minutes to tell why she had put
an advertisement of a spiritualistic se
ance in a San Francisco paper and
stated that it was none of the court's
business, as she had done it after she
had made up her mind to leave her
husband.
Judge Melvin showed that be believes
spiritualistic mediums make bad wives
and bad witnesses. Because she in
sisted upon talking back to the court
to-day the bailiff was ordered to take
Mrs. Mabel C. Sheahan from the room
by Superior Judge H. A. Melvin. She
did not wait for Deputy Sheriff Swee
ney to take hold of her, but hurried
from the room. The scene was the
climax to many warnings given the
woman, who has tired the patience of
Judge and lawyers with her persistence
in answering more than she is asked.
Spirit rappings, card readings, and
the nerve wracking strain of trying
to peep into the next world have ruined
the household of J. J. Sheahan. Such
is his testimony.
The wife and mother of that house
hold, Mrs. Mabel Sheahan, is an ex
ample of a nervous, talkative woman,
who left her domestic ties for the table
tipplngs Vnd trumpet whisperings . of
dark seances.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
10i6 Broadway, Oct. 17.
Bishop H. C. Morrison: of- the Metho
dist Episcopal Church South announced
to-day the assignments of ministers for
the ensuing year at the closing session
of the Fifty-fourth Annual Conference
of Northern California. The ; con
ference ended at noon to-day at As
bury Church. Among the important
changes made was the transfer of the
Rev. A. M. Shaw of Little Rock, Ark.,
to the local pulpit. Mr. Shaw will suc
ceed the Rev. W. P. Baird, the present
pastor of Asbury Church, who has been
assigned to Colusa.
Fresno was chosen 3 the meeting
place of the next conference. .
The list of assignments for the com
ing year is as follows:
San Francisco district, presiding aider, J. A.
Bachelder; San Francisco, R. E. Nunn; Oak
land. A. M. Shaw; Alameda, J. C. Robertson;
Berkeley, to be supplied; Petaluma, William
Acton; Santa Kosa, J. A. Walles; Healdsburg,
C. E. A. Smith; Cloverdale. O. I* Russell;
Boonesvllle and Yorkville, O. P. Noble; Uklah,
C. C. Umpson; Potter Valley, H. Neate; Wil
lits, to be supplied; Laytonvllle and Round
Valley, to be supplied; Upper I^ake, D. Harrl-
Bon; Lakeport, Joseph Emeus; San Jose, L>. S.
Jones; Gilroy, H. M. McKnight; Mountain
View, C. T. Clark; Hollister. J. C. Wooten;
Salinas, J. C. Simmons; San Benlto. ¦ C. W.
Huft; Stockton, J. E. Squires; Linden Circuit,
S. P. Pope; San Lucas and Bradley, supplied
by S. Pashau; Milton, James Healy; editor Pa
cific Methodist Advocate, W. E. Vaughan;
agent of publishing house, A. E. Wilson.
Colusa. District, M. Hodgson, presiding elder;
Sacramento, E. I*. Fitch; Walnut Grove, W. L.
Darby; Gait, W. A. Lemdsey; Elmira, R. L.
Webb; Winters, L. C. Renfro; Rockvllle, to be
supplied; Wheatland and Lincoln, W. F. Cof
fln; Grldley and Remington, J. Cook; Yuba
City, J. B. Needham; Butter City and Grace,
P. F. Page; Princeton, R. B. Davidson; Red
Bluff. F. A. Lark; Chico, W. A. Orr; Colusa,
W. P. Baird; Anderson, W. W. Nunn; Maxwell
and Sites, J. A. Johnson; Arbuckle and Wil
liams, G. H. Frazer; Woodland, L. P. Shearer;
Sulphur Creek, to be supplied; Ono Circuit, J.
M. Brown; Millvllle Circuit, O. C. Coppage;
Henleyville and Orland, to be supplied ; Big
Valley, to be suppled; Knights Landing.. F.
Thompson.
Fresno district— Fresno, J. J. N. Kenn«y;
Fresno circuit, to be supplied; Clovls. A.
Adams; Bis Dry Creek, J. Hedgepeth;. Selma,
W. E. Phillips; Sanger, supplied by J. M.
Parker; Kingsburg and Fowler, H. W. Cur
ran; Hanford. to be supplied; Lemoore, J. E.
Bailey; Bakersfleld, J. W. Horn; Visalla, W.
A. Iden; Exeter, C. C. Block; Woodvllle and
Poplar, A. S. Cecil; Dlnuba, W. A. Booher;
Orosl, Claude Thompson; A. L. Paul;
Merced, Z. J. Needham; Le Grand and Cun
ningham, supplied by W. P. Andrews; Cath
ay, to be supplied; Mariposa circuit, C. W.
Long; Modesto, W. ,3. Fenton; Snalllng and
Waterford, A. Adkesson; Carters circuit, T. G.
Patterson; Los Banos, W. M. Armstrong; Dos
Palos, L.- C. Smith.
Transfers to other conferences — E.-A. Ware,
B. H. Greene, North Georgia Conference; J. A.
Foster, West Texas Conference; J.- O. Cop
page, St. Louis Conference; J. D. F. Houck,
Missouri Conference; L.. J. Jones, Alabama
Conference;. W. O. Wagoner, North Alabama
Conference; P.«T. Ramsey, Denver Conference.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 17.
Charles H. Lovell, as, executor of the
estate, has refused to pay the bill for
the books or" to turn them back to
Holdway until the court has passed
Judgment upon the bargain, which he
claims was an outrage. Attorney Moore
for his client wants the books where
he can show the court what was
bought, and to-morrow drays will
bring the costly works as an exhibit
into the courtroom. - ...
. The suit has been pending for' nearly
a year and the trial was begun this
morning. There is an array of legal tal
ent upon each aide,' Attorneys A. A.
Moore. Stanley Moore, Page, McCutch
on & Knight, representing the
plaintiff, while W. S. Barnett, T. H.
Freeze and Campbell, Metson & Camp
bell aro for the defense.
Claiming that a witch inveigled the
late Mrs. Josephine Dunsmuir, mother
of Edna Wallace Hopper, the actress,
into purchasing $30,000 worth of books
from E. Holdway & Co. of New York,
the attorneys for Mrs. Dunsmulr's es
tate are vigorously fighting the suit for
the payment of the bill. .. Judge Ells
worth to-day made an order to have
all the books brought into court this
morning as an exhibt.
E. Holdway, head of the New York
firm, was himself on the stand to-day,
and said that his solicitor, Mrs. Rftka
Oesterman, would do no wrong, but
was one of the greatest solicitors in the
world. He said she had her o.wn home,
her carriage and her maid, and sold
$175,000 worth of books for him every
year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1^16 Broadway, Oct. 17.
Those who spoke at the memorial
exercises to-day eulogized the profes
sor as a noble, chivalrous and loyal
soul. His great gifts, his enthusiasm
and his kindliness were described.
Professor Chambers announced that
about $200 has been subscribed for
this purpose and that $510 will be re
quired. Subscriptions are to be re
ceived by any of the following . com
mittee, which was appointed by Pres
ident Wheeler: Professor C. W. Wells,
Professor S. A. Chambers, Clinton
Day, Dean Wright of Yale, Theodore
Koch of the Congressional Library at
Washington.
. There are about 1200 volumes in
the Spinello library. They will cost
$360. The remainder, of, "the $500 to
be raised will be spent, for. books
which will make the collection com
plete. They will each be distinguished
in the University Library as a Spinello
book.
Marius Spinello, an instructor in
Romanic languages, died in June,
1904, following injuries received in an
attempt to board an electric car. His
friends in the university now propose
to purchase his library and install it
in the University Library . as a me
morial. The meeting was to give pub
lic expression to this proposal.
BERKELEY. Oct. 17. — Tribute was
paid by university professors and
others to the memory of Mariua J.
Spinello at a meeting in Smith Hall
this afternoon. President Wheeler
presided. Addresses were made by
Professors Stephens, Wells, Soule and
Chambers and by F. T. Blanchard.
The latter had been a pupil of the
professor.
Berkeley Office- San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 17.
The City Council to-night adopted
Councilman Howard's resolution di
recting the Board of Public Works to
prepare plans and specifications for a
salt water pumping- plant to cost
1 10.000. This is the first step toward
the installation of a salt water street
sprinkling service for the city. The
proposed plant will supply the district
south of Twentieth street from Lake
Merritt west to the bay. Councilman
Howard's ordinance to appropriate
$5000 for the erection of a city hospi
tal was passed to print. The site com
prising twenty lots near the tidal
canal has been deeded as a gift to the
city by the Realty Syndicate Company.
The Oakland Traction Consolidated
applied for a franchise for an elec
tric road from Piedmont avenue north
on Broadway and also over private
rights of way to College avenue and
Clifton 6treet. This extension is to
provide access to the Country, Club's
new home at Rock Ridge Park.
Councilman G. E. Aitken to-night
complained in a prepared speech to
the City Council that he had not been
placed on any of the special municipal
committees because President Dornin,
backed by a majority of the Council,
was opposed to him. Aitken denied
declarations made by President Dornin
concerning Aitken's alleged charges.
Councilman John L. Howard was also
criticized by Aitken. Councilman
Cuvellier made a speech urging har
mony and Councilman Wallace offered
to withdraw from the special water
committee in favor of Aitken, but the
latter declined the tender.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 17.
Councilman Aitken Com
plains That Prejudice Kept
Him Off Special Committees
Uriiyersity Men Deliver
Addresses at 3Ieeting of
Friends of the Deceased
Next Convention * of North
ern California ; District
Will Be Held at Fresno
Mabel C. Sheahan Deserts
Husband and Children
for Raps and Seances
Supervisors Are Told That
Supply Company Is Soon
to Exhibit a Substitute
ESTATE REJECTS BILL
Entire Invoice of Costly
: - "Volumes to Be Brought
Into Court as an Exhibit
DIVINATION HER RUIN
ASKS A POSTPONEMENT
WILL ERECT HOSPITAL
CONFERENCE IS ENDED
WILL BUY HIS LIBEARY
Former Associates of Pro
fessor Spinello Plan to
Perpetuate His Memory
Oakland Council Directs the
Preparation of Plans for
$10,000 Pumping Plant
Bishop Morrison Assigns the
Rev. A. M. Shaw of Arkan
sas to Asbury Church
Attorneys Say 'Book Agent
Trapped Mrs. Dunsmuir
Mo a $30,000 Purchase
President George W. Reed
Explains Concerning Co
lumbia Voting Device
Wife, Who "Talked Back" to
Judge, Is Ejected From
an Oakland Courtroom
SAL T WATER
FOR STREETS
MELFIN OUSTS
SPIRIT MEDIUM
SAYS MACHINE
IS UNLAWFUL
DECLARE WITCH
HYPNOTIZED HER
MEMORIAL FOR
DEAD SCHOLAR
NEW MINISTER
FOR OAKLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 190*.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
BURGLARS .AT FRUITVALE.— QaklanV
Oct. 17.— Burrlars broke - Jnto C. E. - Smith's
grocery at KiaKo and Olive streets, Frultvale
last night ana stole $100 worth of good*.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hussite
tefc .STOMACH
Fitters
Women should not. wonder at their
failing health as long as they continue
to suffer from monthly irregularities.
The Bitters is the best remedy in
such casc|. It . always , cures Back-
ache,, .Vomiting, Fainting Spells,
Sleeplessness, Indigestion or Dyspep-
sia. Try one bottle.
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IS
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083. ¦¦
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77. . , .
' ALAMEDA.
14S5 Street.
Telephone Alameda (59.
AD VERTISEMENTS.
*ii I .'¦. '¦-'-/ .. — i n lfc - «^
MODERN METHODSJ:^
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
£'.; •..DENTISTRY... : T v \
Place. our. work on a plane much' abov»
the average. Nothing Is done on chance •
Each operation ia successful becaus-i %
carefully considered and skillfully car-
ried out. „ _
: vs: 'tbeth ./¦¦ . -^ :
Made by us will last for 1 many years, .'
Gold PQllnsrs. .$1.0O Bern* Flllintr. 5Oo
Silrer rilling* : -SOc! Extraction Trek' -; 1 -
POSt-GRADUATEDENTAt COLLEGE
3 TAYLOR STV SAN rXAKCXSCO/ • ;n *" i
973 Washington SW Oakland.
San. Jose, '• • • Sacramento.WASHINGTON, OcL 1 7.— Louis S.
Slevin !¦ has ¦ been ' Postmaster
. . atTCarmel: Cal. ' •
And all that is exclusive and best in so
cial engraving at Sanborn & Vail's. So
cial . correspondence . papers ; ln exclusive
brands. Fashion's latest approved styles
In calline cards. 741 Market street. •
Wedding Invitations
Sickles Harness Gets Highest Award.
(Special to The Call.)
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 17.— J. B. Sickles
Saddlery Co.. St. Louis, receives ; highest
award cold .medal World's Fair display
of harness, saddles and collars.
Prohibition in AH Its Phases Dis
cussed by Women Who Wear *
the White Ribbon.
CHICO, Oct. 17.— Yesterday the
churches of Chico were ' given over to
ADVOCATES OF TEMPERANCE
IN CONVENTION AT CHICO
COLUSA. Oct. 17. — Two Colusa
boys, Willie Nlles and Claude Watson,
were arrested Sunday night and
charged with cattle stealing. M. Don
nelly, who married young Watsoa'a
aunt, claims the two boys drove cat
tle from his pasture and sold them to
local butchers. Young Watson claim*
the cattle sold belonged to him.'
Says Boys Arc Cattle Thieves.
FRESNO, Oct. 17. — Fire destroyed
the new steel, iron and brick drying
and seeding plant of the St George
Vineyard, five miles from town,*, with
200 tons of seeded raisins. The build
ing and contents, were uninsured, and
the loss,! it « is ; estimated, : will approxi
mate $30,000 on the'raisina alone.- ;¦
Plant of St. George Vineyard afi
Fresno A'isited by Conflagration
That Causes Heavy Loss.
TONS OF SEEDED RAISINS
ARE DESTROYED BY FIRE
liid you ever stop to consider what
you can do -with a dollar? How much
racr» can be done with ten dollars, a hun
dred dollars, with a thousand dollars?
1 1 seems a lot of money, a thousand dol
lars, yet It is easily acquired, once you
b~gin savix:c your money. Interest k-eps
j.illnp the mor^y up for you. nnd once
you bejrin to save you <lo not throw
may your money as you did before. It
is a!l !:i making a start. You can open a
pavir.ps cceount with the "Phoenix Sav
iv.ss. R- and I*. Ass'n. 516 California
street, -srith $1. Interest 4 »£ per cent,
compounded semi-annually. On terra ac
counts 5 per c?nt is paid, payable seml
arnually. The Phoenix has a paid-up
czpital cf $1.2*0.000; guarantee capital
SZQQ.Qnn. The directors nre A. A. Wat
kins. Charles R. Bishop. George c
Boardraan. S Prentlss Smith. Gavin
McXab. Chattfe-s C Ladd; Clarence
Grange, «ta-*»«itns director. ' •
Wliat a Dollar Will Do.
Lane is a man of 26 years arid has a
wife and ¦ two children in Martinez. He
was i In the contracting - business with
the Taylor • Company on his bond and
found' that . he had taken" a* number of
jobs low; so he'drew^hls"irioriey7 and
skipped."- He admits his guilt and says
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 17.— Leonard H.
Lane, wanted in Martinez for embez
zling $500 bond money from the Taylor
Lumber Company," and leaving that
company $3000 ' in • the hole as surety,
was caught here last night. Lane,
whose trial was set in ; San Francisco
f or _ Sen tember.. 24, _ was .found In : a re
mote dwelling ln the foothills back of
Hollywood by Under Sheriff Yonkin,
who recognized him from a description.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Martinez Contractor, Wanted
for Embezzlement, Caught
in Los Angeles Foothills
Police Officer and Colored Man Killed
and Two Persons Seriously Hurt
in Memphis.
.MEMPHIS, Tenn.. Oct. 17. — In a
battle In Mosby street to-day between
three police officers and' a negro fugi
tive two men were killed and two
wounded. The dead:
ROBERT JAMIESON. police officer.
JOHN POP. a nejrro.
Wounded: Police Captain O. H.
Perry, shot through hand; John Mon
creith, shot through leg, seriously
hurt.
The officers went to Mosby street to
arrest John Pop, who was regarded
as a dangerous fugitive from justice.
The negro, armed with a rifle, retreat
ed west on Mosby street and upon be
ing pursued by the officers, opened
fire.
ATTEMPT TO ARREST XEGRO
C r RESULTS IN TWO DEATHS
REDDING, Oct. 17. — Lester Stowe,
the ten-year-old boy who killed his
sister, Rosa, aged 16, at,Whlskytown
Saturday afternoon, has been ar
rested on a charge of murder. He is
confined ln the Insane ward of the
county lall. The Coroner's jury that
investigated the case advised' ln the
verdict that the District Attorney
prosecute the boy. The jurors did
not believe the boy's tale that after he
and his sister had quarreled that he
pointed the pun 'at her simply to
frighten her and that he did not know
it was loaded.
The little fellow, who has not a
very bright face, takes the arrest
calmly, but the parents are almost
crazed with grief.
Prosecuting Attorney of Shasta Coun
ty Takes Coroner's Jury's Advice
and Arrests Lad.
ADMITS GUILT
WHEN ARRESTED
BOY WHO KILLED SISTER
CHARGED WITH MURDER
the only course left for him was to run
away. The lumber company offered $100
reward and the Sheriff of Contra Costa
County $25.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct. .17. — The
United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals has affirmed the verdict of guil
ty and the fine and sentence of the
United States District .Court of St.
Louis in the case of John P. Dolan,
Frank Garrett and Thomas E. Bar
rett. Indicted for naturalization frauds.
The men '• were found guilty of aid-
Ins and abettlngvin 1902 in securing
fraudulent naturalization papers. for a
number of 'Italians. The sentences
carried a fine of $1000 each and five
years' imprisonment at hard labor.
Barrett was marshal of the St. Louis
Court of Appeals, Garrett was a police
officer and Dolan was chairman of the
St. Louis , Democratic Central Com
mittee.
Higher Court Sustains Action of
Lower Tribunal in Cases of
Three Missourians.
MUST GO TO JAIL FOR
NATURALIZATION FRAUDS
the Women's Christian " Temperance
Union, the State convention of which
is being held here. Prominent mem
bers of the union occupied the pul
pits and spoke, on the temperance
question.
The first business session of the
convention was ' held to-day In the
Presbyterian Church Able papers
were read by prominent temperance
advocates, each of whom discussed at
length ' the best means of promoting
the cause of prohibition and told of
the strides made by the ' union during
the last year.
From San Francisco— E. E. Anders,
at the Cumberland: C. H. Brown and
wife, at the Imperial; Mrs. M. Es
berg and Miss Esberg, at the Algon
quin; G. W. Bishop, at the Criterion;
E. E. Hunn, at the Imperial; Miss S.
K. Marks, at the Marie Antoinette; W.
H. Vincent, at the Herald Square; E.
Bonncll, at the Cadillac; Miss M.
Bride, at the Broadway Central: W.
Brown and wife, at the Herald Square;
Lb E. Busser. at the Park avenue;
Miss E. Christen, at the Broadway
Central; W. W. Coulton, at the Park
Avenue; C. S. Crane and Miss K. M.
Crane, at the Broadway Central; P. J.
Curtis, at the Navarre; T. M. Delane,
at the Grand Hotel; H. Durham, at
the Union Square; Mrs. A. M. Elkins,
Miss F. Fawcett and J. W. Glaser at
the Broadway Central: E. Herrzel, at
the Herald Square; A. Isaacs, E.
Kehoe, Miss R. Kelly and W. J. Ke
nealy, at the Broadway Central; R.
Kern and wife, at the Grand Hotel;
P. F. Kingston and wife, at the Hol
land; H. Lopas, at the Navarre; A.
G. Lyle, at the Holland House; J. Mat
thews, Miss L- McCormick and F. L.
McCormick, at the Broadway Central;
C. O. G. Miller and wife and H. M.
A. Miller and wife at the Holland; W.
A. Newsom. at the St. George; F. S.
Norman, at the Broadway Central; D.
J. Patterson and wife, at the Navarre;
Miss G. Petersen. at the Broadway
Central; A. W. Pike, at the Hotel Im
perial; E. Pisco, at the Broadway
Central; Dr. C. D. Riother. at the
Holland; W. M. Rogers, at the As
tor; Miss M. Rohnette, Mrs. J. W.
Rohnette and W. H. Rohnette, at the
SL Denis; M. Ryan, at the Broadway
Central; M. Salisbury, at the Murray
Hill: R- Schmidt, H. J. Simmon and
H. Wilson, at the Hotel Imperial; Miss
A. J. Chandler, at the Cadillac; J.
£hristen, at the Broadway Central; II.
L. McDonnell, at the Marlborough; W.
Meeklebach, at the Broadway Central.
From San Jose — W. H. Alexander,
at the Vendorac.
From Santa Cruz — Dr. Congdon, at
the New Amsterdam. %
From Santa Rosa — Mrs. A. Burnett,
Mrs. M. E. Doyle, Miss L. Leppo, Z.
M. Taylor and Mrs. J. S. Taylor, at the
St. Denis.
From Los Angeles — E. Clarke, at
the Union Square; T. Kelicker and
wife, at the Grand Union; W. B. Mat
thews, at the* Hoffman; A. W. Red
man, at the Imperial.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17. — The follow
ing Californlans arrived here to-day:
Calif orniuns in New York.
CENTRAL. CITY, Col., Oct. 17.—
Mrs. Gertrude Sachs, a widow, aged
32* was killed and two boarders in
her house seriously injured to-day by
an explosion in the kitchen range.
Victor Frank, aged 28, ls accused of
having placed dynamite ln the fuel
and has been arrested on a charge of
murder. He is said to have been jeal
ous of Mrs. Sachs' boarders.
EXPLOSION IN* STOVE KILLS
ON'E AND INJURES TWO
Line From Eagle Pass to Beeville Will
Form More Direct Route for
California Tfirough Traffic.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 17. — The South
ern Pacific will build a new long grade
line of railroad between Eagle Pass,
Tex., and Beeville, the distance being
175 miles. At Eagle Pass the road
will connect with the Spofford branch
of Its transcontinental line and with
the Mexican International. At Bee
ville connection will be made with its
New York, Texas and Mexico division.
It will form a more direct and easier
route for Mexican and Californlan
through traffic between Eagle Pass
and Houston than by the existing
route through San Antonio.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TO BUILD !
A NEW RAILWAY IX TEXAS;
It is pointed out that the saving
on this item alone will be enormous
both in gold leaf and labor In the
course of the year over the entire
Harriman lines.
OMAHA, Oct. 17.— The tendency
toward the elaborate decoration of
railroad cars has received a check. A
new style is now being put out from
Its shops here by the Union Pacific
which marks a return to severe plain
ness, costly embellishment giving place
to simple comfort.
For years the effort of the decora
tive artist has been directed toward
the richest and most complicated de
signs. Each succeeding car turned out
of the shops has surpassed in the
splendor of outward ornamentation
the beauty of the preceding coaches.
Fancy scroll work and geometrical
figures of the most bewildering pat
tern have been worked out in gold
leaf upon the exterior of the coach.
The cars have been flanked and en
riched with graceful curves and bands
of gold.
Now all of this is to be changed.
Thousands of dollars, it is said, will
be saved each year in the amount of
gold leaf used for such purposes. The
expensive woods and beautiful fur
nishings of the interior will continue.
In fact, it is intended that the ex
pense which is saved on the gold leaf
on the outside will go into the im
provements on the interior for the ad
ditional comfort, pleasure and con
venience of the passengers. Here
after the word "car" will be dropped
from the outside lettering, the l-'oels
will be simply, dining, chair, buffet,
etc.
Special Dirpmlch to The C*ll
YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK, Oc
tober 17.- Captain W. H. McCornack.
acting Superintendent of the Yosemite
National Park and commanding officer
of the First Squadron (Troops C and
D), Ninth Cavalry. United States ar
my, left the park Saturday en route
to the Presidio of Monterey. The de
parture of the troops this year is ear
lier than usual and is due to the reg
iment being ordered to Fort Riley.
Captain McCornack leaves the park
in a bttter condition than it has ever
been lef; before. General MacArthur,
en his tour of inspection of the park
this year, was pleased with its general
ir.anagement
A great many innovation! have been
mad*, the most prominent among
v.hich are the arboretum, suggested by
Major Bigelow; a neiv bridge spanning
the Merced and the renewal of the
Chilnualna Falis trail. The arboretum
will be one of the most interesting
features in the Yosemite National Park
and the resort of botanists and all
those interested in forestrj-. Almost
every specie of plant life indigenous to
the Sierras has been collected and bo
tanically classified. The space covered
by the arboretum is about ten acres.
The Ej-ot was selected on account of
the beauty of the surroundings and the
fine variety of trees already there. It
is at the junction of the south fork of
the Merced and Big Creek, just below
the post, and is adjacent to the State
f:sh hatcherj- and the Wawona mineral
springs, thus making the walk from
the hotel to the post a series of attrac
tions.
RUSTIC BENCHES IN NOOKS.
That the sightseer may not grow too
weary, every shady nook has a rustic
bench, many of fantastic designs ar
tistically arranged by the quartermas
ter. Lieutenant Edmund A. Buchanan.
The place is a veritable park, as all the
underbrush has been cleared and a
great deal of landscape gardening done.
Connecting the post to the arboretum is
the new bridge, which enables the pe
destrian to visit the post.
In the can:D there has been a number
of improvements. A building has been
erected as an office for the acting Su
perintendent of the park. One of the
most necessary improvements in the
lark was the renewal of the trail to the
Ch;lnualna Falls, which is on« of the
greatest attractions of Wawona. These '.
Calls rival any of the falls in ths Yo- j
son;ite Valley and have always been a
great sight to the passing tourist.
The entire park h;is been carefully
S"ne over and all its boundaries clearly
•lofined and trails built to the various
patrols, thus opening the beauties of
the park to the public and facilitating
the work of the trocps. A good trail
has been built frcm Sunrise Meadows
to Merred Lake and fron: Rodgera
Lake through Return Canyon, and Vir
ginia C.ir.yon to Pmoky Jack Meadows.
More than 73,000 head of sheep have
been driven out of the park this year,
and Captain McCornack ha.s a.bly ex
ting.lished the numerous forest fires
that have occurred during the sum
mer months before much damage could
be done to the forests. The method he
employed was to make a counter-fire.
RECOMMENDS TELEPHONE.
In the Euperintedent's report to the
Secretary of the Interior he recom- '
mends that the National Government
assume control of the Yosemite Val
ley; the purchase of all patented lands
and toll roads withir the limits of the
National Park, and strongly opposes
the Gillette bill (the catting out of
eight townships in the park). To keep
in touch with all points in the park he
advises that a telephone line be con
structed from Wawona to all the patrol
stations. He also recommends that a
trail from Mirror Lake be constructed
to Lake Teneya. This will greatly
Fhorten the distance between the va
rious patrols and headquarters.
It is estimated that $13,500 trill be
reeded for the renewal and construc
tion of trails next year. Captain Me-
Corcack thinks it very important
that the acting superintendent be
Feet one month in advance of
the troops In order that he may
get a clear understanding of the
park, ?.nd thus save a. waste of time
in patrolling it. He also suggests that
th« troops come earlier, bo as to have
ruJTlcient time to complete the improve
ments.
The Government has appropriated
about JiOOO for next year for the build
ing of kitchens and sheds and dining
rooms for the two troops, construction
cf quartermaster and commissary store
houses and enlarging the stables and
r.-ater supply. It v.as necessary to rent
c. building frcm the Wawona Hotel
Company to store all the tents and
camp eiuipmenU for the winter. Hith
erto the Government has always trans-
I-orteJ all the camp freight to the Prc
*idio and :nuch time was lost In getting
it i:r> and down over the mountain
road*; besides the expense incurred
v. as v-ry heavy.
Game is very plentiful, especially
deer, r.hich are seen very frequently
Iron; the roadg.
Sj*«ciaJ t?i«r*tch to The Call
Xew Trails and Bridges and
Artistic Rustic Benches
Add to Beauty of Reserve
¦ !
Economy Thus Effected Will I
Admit of Expenditures J
for Interior Comforts J
WILL BE BIG SAVING!
AKBOKETUM CO3IPLETED
Soldier Guardians of the
National Park at Yosemite
Forsake Posts for Winter
Harriman System Decides to |
Discontinue the Elaborate!
Decorations on Exteriors I
TROOPS LEAVE
CAMP WAWONA
CAR DESIGNS
TO BE PLAIN
THE «SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER .18, 1904.
Xew Postmaster' Appointed.
7
JPRAGERS -fw^_ ~I~~~~~~~~~J^^£SHL~~-^ ___PRAGE1CS | PRAGET.J
boap anticipated anything like the enormous crowds B| LJ« / AttraCllOllS OI OlIT NeW I
that vfewed our store yesterday. The floors were j*g& iH +*Wf-& dEt <3tL llL di.tlL' Jll „ . -» . ... r> j »v > Grand
Special at- thronged nil day. Kxclamatlons of delight and LB ¦ W tf 19 H TO Hi "Pi * tg ~ 9^<~ * n » ie 1 &C £ *£" Candy Deptt. f 1 ' J
12I/r ¦ s^ t "isais^%, u asrsi;?aiis jLLli^riiia i zl "«"**; ts s t^ «-""*£5 £ «» concert.
a cake. over, the real shopping will begin. We present VJB v *^^JF l 5?*, v £v Theater. ° MC< - U "- Orchestra
=—=—=——=—.-- this list of specials — the first of the "Greater I 1 V ««.' A«ir«? r.r-t * - n . *- .m.x* « cr^n.. -v nn f^KfVrtlat© f*Kii\-> TKic
=—== Prager Store"--wlth the full knowledge that they H ALWAYS RELI ABL E t»? ? 5 A S? ?7* ~" ° n V*IlOCOiaie V-AipS 1 IMS
120, violet Hg^3|^^^ 1250 MARKET ST.^ •afW B ,"B 28c U>. • Afternoon
Witch Hazel t^^^it^t^A^^^^S^ i 1 1 i a d^Tc^Ts^cTocoS 2 ti l 5
2OC deli Ti e r\nTconS d w1^ P ,Vv r^^ ALL THE SHOPPING INDUCEMENTS THAT HAVE »boI a ¦*£%*%- ChVpsVr^ Sujs^ &dock
tra this afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock. j MADE THIS STORE POPULAR ARE STILL HERE. by pSty. made | WW><V
Special Sale of Women's Muslin Underwear Grand Opening Sale of Millinery Finery Women's and Children's Knit Underwear
(Second Floor.) This will be an occasion to save money on the most seasonable (Main Floor.)
.0 dI h U 0 ' &J2 a " T reC '- a " y0 " ha " S"— ¦ °^t XS^JStSFL "£«r. b C Th« e mornings mak e .he early purchase of th<«
to do is to see them to be convinced. unusually attractive. garments more necessary than ever.
CHEMISE. TURBANS. wn 1 ~m STREET HATS WOMFK'<> VF"?T<? AND PANTS
PA Wnmon's Muslin Chemise have j«.«t been received. S4.48 — A line -£^Tr7^^^^^^ i «.f m xi- - « \r ,. , „ '
Sy(» These particular ones have a square yoke, trimmed Black Silk Tur- tubi T S^fe^^^^i. 7f . ) 1 C ~^i? v, 1 <T 1 Cfi Women's fine Merino Vests ami Pants. The mate-
"*'*' W ith embroidery insertion and hemstitched tucks, fin- ban the crown i, e ,h, ri ™ P 1 Jil.jU f»al is steam shrunk; the Vests are high neck and
ished with a narrow rum. Regular 75c value. and^br.m of iTtMFS £e cream &'A^iU**St S^'
7Q Extra size Draw^S? oThonsdale Cambric, with a %%? iWTs*! P"^tTA HQ^ a splendid
• OC ? okea t the waist. They have extra width through the «"«*«¦ "f 11 ".,? fW brown, black 4 JC f?^?. 1 , *™± °"" n l \?-% rth C ?\°Z2 are Sray and cream
body and are finished with a five-inch lawn Ilounce and £ P « „ « a Th» U. IS' //¦£& and nav y- ana will wash well. A\ orth 51.00.
three wide hemstitched tucks. Regular price $1.15. iJ.« nf tSJ \v- fL 'J/f c a x*i • C "I AA Women ' s Merino Vests, in black. They have hiffh
CVIDTC StT.^, lr,A ,m \ 8 t?~ A Ti M . iss / s Jll.UU neck and long sleeves and are finished down the
, M ti c, 1 ? SKIRTS. crown and is Vd;T Street Hat of a 4» * • W front with a silk band. The color is guaranteed
£Cr> rh ' %f> Pk'rts are for hirs« women; they are made on a elegantl> and J&^jX/K ;'•;• flarinpshape.lt not to crock. It is oi:r regular Jl 25 Vest
OjC 4 " inch >' oke - with a '!"«¦ string to adjust it to the * u b s tantially is prettily trim- ,„.,._." 5 ' '', " t _ e
Vfc/V waist. They are extra wide and have a deep flounce at ma de through- W^I0^^{\^T. me(L Special WOMEN'S UNION SUITS.
the bottom. They come in stripes only and are worth S5c. out « A - ''^f // //'/i\\ -^^ value, q These Suits are made of Imported Swiss Ribbed
GOWNS • uH.^k) Lisle; are perfect nttinff and splendidly finished.
$1.00 iKSs^S^S^^S^ii TUs Annotmoement. WiU Interest. Every 3U ta » 2RSK5. ta fi «S!ff -*» — '» "- °"' y -
iT,-d»wnc^i', 1 ? t L.r i ;,r e tl xt?l 1 5?^i n " 6 i,,^S,. T T 1 ':^ai; e .yl Woman Who Desires .Swell Wearing Jj A5 Sr$^P^&° d £Z\£^,Y,"}gl,i&'ZdZ
sold for $1.50. * ¦ I ADDarel flt tha Rieht PnCeS I »w^ a hand-crorheted silk edge and has high neck and
€1 flfi These Gowns are made of a firm quality of Flan- fSernnd Flonrt sieeves. wonnji.so.
J>i.UU neletto and are fleeced on both sides. They are cut . „ , (Second Floor.) CHILDREN'S UNION SUITS.
7^ with a square neck; the yoke is made of plain ma- tVt , An unusually large number of specials have been arranged for tf AA Children's Combination Suits, in three-quarters
terial. finished with a silk buttonhole stitch; they have a nar- thls week In exclusive ideas of women's wearing apparel. \1 Qfj woo i and one-quarter cotton They are the well-
•ff%:"5; ?4To n i7. th Re n gu C l k ar a prIcI r j!^0. they C ° me S StriPeS L ? T^?? OSS SKIS? °I CHINE fre 6 to 12 ye^rl" "° aeUa " make ' " d ln Only; *' ****
==^============== ======:=====z==== __^_________^___ ===^ ==== __ WAlSio. &&0^ COSTUMES _
ChilWsDre^&BonnetsSl.gSHHH^a^/Hl W $32.50 BTi—J^B™ Opening of Picture Dept,.
in tins grand opening sale. red nile and light blue They havS bera re- fe ;^4'm l he ? 1 ,^ te ,? t . st . yIe waist s. and the skirts are "I ¦¦ f% we have selected a fine plc-
npp< , CI , c due'ed for this occasion from S' 75 beautifully trimmed and embroidered. They < # M ture with frame, measuring
DRESSES. auced for tnis occasion from 52 75. E'lrySslpflM ar « being shown ln all the new browns, light il/l|Sxll inches. that will
On These are Colored Dresses, made -rv <-<JAIi>. \*l30$K3t&i and dark blu e. red. black and white. W tm %J be sold regularly at 83a.
88c ssaea tK 1 a^nr o i' rai^ $9 95 J sss ppF suits. f a d 9 . f — «- .^_^t
s£££re& ±ovs,s f p s e /dH tJL; E ngi«^^s^ti? 11 !^ strsas; Mm • *3t T Zu™^r^rnir^ 3 r ece^ new \ h h^ r SiA?. ir~~S^S$i
box-pleated back. They are shown in long and every seam Is strapped; collarless fptl '^ S12.45. M4.95. S17.45. S1SI.75 and ent kinds of f
Scotch Plaids only; sizes 2 to 6 re^ula? and beautifully tailor stitched These coats / % g S22.5O. subjects; B Ml
price $150 ='*ea - 10 o. regular have the new sleeves and are lined throughout / V SKIRTS b e a u t 1 f u 1 3 F^^Am^Jit*^] 01
BONNETS Wl , th ln ?| r Kn suaranteed satin; the r^ u^ r h f:\ % CF/flC A R Pecial sale hks been arranged colored land- aW^d^ f ;
D\jmxci.a. price is $13 50. liii': *i lkli. US in fancv walkine ««klrt«j W r » Y>tva 8capes, ma- fl^S*S^_Ja /
tf H qq Children's Colored Silk Bon- WALKING SUITS. . £f W\ *P^-" J regu1Sr y a nd exfra sSi. ?nd thS rines a O d flg- | &^^S^|//
i91,07 n t et ?" m *$? ln the Dutch <«<%¦ /\n These are silk lined Walking A - :^'- 'r. \ Skirts are made of fancy mannish mixtures ures - Some of JLm^i^^ss^y
r.nr^»^ otn y ,li' The ,Y, are , of heav V \Zii Suits, made of fine French voile. S/M W '• U pleated and kilted. The real values are S7 50 the frames are *
corded silk, with a silk velvet fold «4*fc^x»' t/ They have the collarless blouse /tfsfci ¦ i-.| i '4\\ tjtttso of cherry molding, with black lines on
around the face and trimmed with six coats braid trimmed. The skirt ls 17-gore. rfflBW'^* « rUKb. the outside; others have black frames
ro . ws ?, f . dalnt y "white silk braid, with hlgh-kllted and pleated. It is In the walking : A^h\i$R%%&&A'?!h i . Our n . ew , Fur Department is now open and with gilt ornaments.
wide silk string, finished with a ruchlng. length and has a silk drop to match. Colors £«/fetSfi§33»§S* : Ti «je stock is most comprehensive. Any pieces xbii department also Includes tlintr
The colors are light blue and mode. Reg- are black, royal, navy and brown. These suits SJ^4iJ*i- /^ Siiyr tha .ii y ?£ may select now wlU be kept for you novelties of all ktadi, F^mpV and
ular value $2.50. are worth $37.50. . unt " Christmas. Artliti' Mat«lal»T^ /^"jaj ana
Exclusive Weaves and Novelties in Silks! 4 G oc R - L t f '. . . I Standard N 2SSSS« Tremendous Saving Made Possible by
and Dress Materials Here in Abundance aSt'and.'S-fJS rbe **'%° T \ c e s Patterns soc-The van- This Grand Opening Sale of Flannels
(Main PXoor.) They are prettier represent Immense dyke Collar — some- (Main Floor)
The enthusiasm and life in every nook of this bij? * han ever and have [«5i cti °5 s p ur g| w NOW Ready *hmg new— made The buver of this department was instructed some
store has given added stimulance to the attractions in escYnd 175c We made especially An . aw .^ oi graduated time as:o to prepare fora great sale in Flannels. He
this department. also have a' new for the Holiday AU navc "**" points of Cluny has scoured the entire country, with the result that this
PEAU DE SOIE • T tmtmp qtt vc llne of flve-inch t^ ad , e : , Ther 5 ar , e reduced to Lace Insertion; all offering will be unparalleled for values.
Q n a yard^l^uble- a gj^^UlJpffi orl \Q CSm d\Sc ditteTent C ° 1OTa a Yard-A beauti- +~\ a Yard-,6-inch
| a - Black c Pe s aU wi de 29C splendid Lining Silk ffggj J£ | new shapes. " | I OC and 1 5C ) worth 75c. fa ful assortment of ft*Q Flannels. S S
sold everywhere at $1.25 a ors and black and cream It **••• i*^l*«i • " i »w C u ? uZ j most every color
> ar^- is as good as most silks sell- VattiAlD I lltO fit f^nilnr»ATV C I /^A^C neIs , that . , navc l! S nt and pattern manufac-
SILK POPELINE. ing at 45c a yard. O<I111|J1C wlllv vl V/llllMI vll O VUdld grounds with neat small tured. There are small
Pn a yard — This is a BLACK POPLIN (Second Floor.) designs and stripes. These figures, neat stripes and
JUC 11 ?^"^ ci OA yard— A 50-inch We bought the entire sample line of children's coats from a Iaree flannels sell usually for plaids of all kinds. These
ter. It has' soft texture and 3*»VV/ Black Poplin that manufacturer. We are offering them. to you this week at unprecedented I2j4c a yard. flannels are just the
is one of the most desirable _, ol ,._ _ t s -i" t st reductions. The values and the styles were never before equaled. Don't |A a Yard — Armure thing for waists and
materials for suits or T ia ££ 8t £ e \ t xc^ t B 1 t on m f 1 v miss this chance. ' |I|C Flannels, with all dresses. It is a special
iT'come^T^back S cre S a°m £& exceptionally M Jg .-(^B^^ g«.9 8 -A coat of 1VW size dots and other value.
and colors RTArirunnr made in threc-quar-. . long lengths; made pretty desirable patterns. a \ ard— All-wool
CREPE DE CHINE. <T 1 nr^°? X°I-?s-.nch a^t ' tUraou^Sk J h ey are mad eon the 23C e e "J h *J»»«»* in f
PO. a yard— Here are >1.UU B J ack Voile of double breasted and with heavy satin. " ew Armure cloth in p . re , t - tv 1 shades ot
DSC more JOt those 85c the real French has two rows of fan- *¦>„ *%T There is a large "ght, medium and dark navy, red. light blue. Dink,
** Silk Crepe de Chines. make and dye. After this cy b^g buttons (K^nrST^ fc^5%£t sailor collar trim- colors. This is the ereat- green, black, tan and
E7J7 ° ne a who has -Particl- Grand Opening f Sale this down the front. The (f**i%*^ J^V^ med with five rows est cloth ever offered at gray. They are warranted
pated in any of our sales material cannot be dupli- co n flr ]¦ turned *• r-i ft •¦ ' r 7 2> of narrow braid: in« a n i j o • '
knows these values. They cated for less than J 1.25. doi n and there is a V^Ofc^ fisjl *jM full sleeve and 1Oc ayard. all wool and 23 inches
™ me * ? ?£• iV01 i y - cream ASTRACHAN cape over the shoul- : jX ~ 3[ V^'^0A straps in the back. |r a \ard— These are wide,
and a few other colors. AbTKACHAN. de?s. the latter be- JaL*lL Jffil^&A Colors are green. ISf satin stnned flan- -|r a Yard— Scotch
BLACK TAFFETA. $2 50 Inch As"t?achan; *** trimmed with &?SzM /if :<Hf<^J l ed ' blu l, an^ ° nels ' shrunk and ISC Funnels — the
Q n a yard— A 27-inch *P^^^ ln black an a four rows of pretty /^WO^», W ¦ J|*Ajfc brown Sizes : 4 guaranteed to wash; they ltJ^ quality used so
yjC guaranteed Black colors: that sell ordinarily sllk braId . ,T ith / •/ years to 8. Selling * nrettv woven «=atin much for men'? shirts
'" w Taffeta Silk, sold in from $5.00 to J7.00 a yard, dainty medallions /^l UmTW price was $5.00. n^. e P ret j y n w ,°A^ ,.«"» " • l0r men \ snir ts.
every other store at $1.25 a Nothing equals it for chll- on each shoulder. J ~f \$&r2$L '\\ ' \\\ c i .>c a f ._ stripes and Oxford effects It is a regular 25c grade
yard. dren's coats. The cuffs are trim- /ftjW, V; lV*s2SSV\ 1\ Vv\ *7;,V^S»t. i««»»h and look just like the 50c and consists of a beautiful
ALBATkOSS. • MANNISH SUITINGS. cTpl and S!? sleeves *ffl 1 W^t » p^ ™E 4 ' cpt v pt *¦
M- a yard— All-wool Al- Cf v a yard— 38-Inch Man- are full. They sold W 1 U heavy all-wool SAMPLE BLANKETS.
41/C batross, in black. jJliC nlsn Suitings: the for $4 50, and there /If '\ \ 'vS^HiB"^ Serge, and trimmed Only one or two pairs of Blankets that were sent to us
cream and colors. ** greatest assortment are only a few at /*/ \ l^-Tt*^ 1^ WgS a ¦ bv different mills as samples. There are all styles and
This material v/ashes nicely ever shov.-n in one depart- our price. (/'/ \fl />'ji?t ¦/YAVW fiber braid- II is colors. This ls a chance to save from 50c to $2.50 on a
and is fine for waists and ment. We also have many tona This little 1 * <4.$i1itj.» F}/~\W ornamented with Blanket.
garments. plain weaves at this price. garment is made of J^'/V'AiJ.t \| 8«lt buttons to 51.50 Blanket for. ..SI. OO I $3.00 Blanket for. ..S^.TS
' f cheviot with a t^^mS^^M'-^^'- 1 match. The collar $2.50 Blanket for. . .SI ..".O $6.00 Blanket forl . .Kl.ho
w%. • mm «*. . . - double caDe over £1 \y~pll ¦<^~~~^\f\ ls a lar^ e sailor $4.00 Blanket for. .. 81!. T»O I $S.OO Blanket for. . .jSo.SO
Boys' Clothing Reduced for ;£>ii"CS • W 'R |Tl% . ) «"¦ svssssz = ..m.^,.,...,^^
This Grand Onenine Week «ir«s3r»8 f *8, 1 W K"^ Special Values in Men's Fall
A 1119 \2l U11VI V/UCIUII3 VT CCH 8 iik and has full & ] ft \ i^U than $6.00. T . 1|f « . f^m . m •
(Second Floor) sleeves. There are // &m ST.OO— This Child's 31X0 WlTltPr ClOllMTIP'
trioor.y - . . v very few alike, but the assortment { jj'\\ \ %¦% Coat ls made of a «11M ¥Vllll.d V^lV/llllll^
If you want real values don t fail to visit this Iaree at this price is very great. The -<i j\ Jii^ heavy quality of (Main Floor.)
juvenile department this week. There is everything of regular selling price is $4.50. — • ' LaA^ CIoth and i3 Our immense stock permits of the widest selection
the best here at little prices. " 'bik^'ildouWe 1 breasfed and ha? W ha^'a fancy tVinl- and the greatest values. This opening week you will
SAILOR SUITS two rows of plain military but- |?§ med pointed collar, full sleeves find some unusually attractive special?.
— -.— TVi»r» a r« nnh- » „# „„. «n «i tons: it has a large, rolling collar Ks and turn back cuff. It is double . SUITS. .
Q 1 * SuTt* ?eft atthT. wnH« ?>h« a il'. , trimmed with a wide silk braid JK^ breasted, with two rows of fan- **f\ r n At this price you have a choice of over fourhtm-
A1.7D |*"fh double thlmoniv wY fll e l: n vTi?^ f^fht™ and two rows of gold braid. The 4jP cy buttons. The colors are S9.Ol> dred Sults - ln the ver y latest Brown Cheviots, la
worth double the money, we are asking for them sleeves are full and have cuffs to JJp blue, red and brown; ages 4 *P / *Y' / stripes and overptalds. gray mixtures and neat
/4ffi& Thn- »» fnr Jp7' « in v«r, ' match collar. Regular value $5. years to 10. Regular value $9.00. dark cashmeres. There are both single
Ine > are forages u to 10 jears. I and double breasted coats with broad f3
r'Cj^v ''Sl?^r> «r» f n B • • t le o i shoulders, snug fitting collars and shape- f I Hp
X<1/ ¦ J 2 *? 5 -^* spprisS $2 5fi A New Shoe for Women $*) 5Q »n?S£/Hrl£^ JgL
j&?^& . Tweeds We guarantee them- per- Ldm%J\J L*w%J\J this very low price. Every one of the f\<^t^*A
: ' ; --A 3 li fitting in every particular and (Main Floor.) four hundred Suits is worth at least V.^&^LVL
/7/VvLv 'A /, thf! materials of the very best . , • $12 50 \f^"*^^»ri*a
/• * Pw^ '- quality. We have just received some of our new style W omen s Shoes — and this is our * iJ -- ow - AvrornATC \J^fT'"-kri3
A/4\l\''l 1 CDrrTATC fl "t offering of them. The tpecial price of $2.50 will remain in order during £ U^l « i* ? j . «_
{¦ PJJ^\%\.'1\ SPECIALS. this Grand Opening Week. The Shoes are Blucher and Lace style and Oxford C11 OC St >' lish - "P.-to-date Over- ) %-<4j Jl
(i ?1 2fe' x \8a\'^i f > •« All of our 7*k nnfl 11 oa w Ties; none of these Shoes can •Bll.OD coats, cut 52 inches long: L— '
Ui-^OJSSwWAi A^P &E Blou«'J and *MothP« : r^vV^V^T be bought in any other store for r» 'r; .¦¦¦*) VT, in the Popular Oxford •CJ'dM')
Frienri" 9hirt waist- h»v» **** $3.50. The Oxford U ££.:/ grays, blacks and fancy Cheviots Thes, f rff^A
w 5 , Sh .lT. TVal ? t * have V Ties are made of genuine pat- W ViW * Coats are made with broad shoulders. V-- %T3
ti%mx3i&f\ been reduced for this week to the V -^W ent Coltskln with dull kid I tops: |: > 4f have hand-shaped collars and lapels and t (ffn
/fttgg&^^Y low price of 43c. rv-\iH they come lir T plain toes and /f- g?9 are finished with hair cloth fronts so l^r-l
: =^»^7S^ Ifl^ "Mothers' Friend" Flannel- F» tj« have the new Blucherette cut— 0 K .jl that they will hold their shape and hans W |«KI
-i^^VKgijJj^HP I WC ette Waists, all sizes; re- «/-. »«\ large worked eyelets and wide hi/i v£ — \ gracefully. Some come with belts ln H j ffVj
SRnffial^W duced from 25c for this IL;' «v silk ribbon; they have hand- j^-V W-\ back, others are plain. The real values I I IK^J
liBBB^BT week. ff%. >3?w turned and Goodyear welted ex- C^ji VET/A are $18.00. «.«.«.__._- E « I h£1
HBHb All I „ tt]^^ tension soles and Cuban and KjW^&r^ CRAVENETTES. 1^-IhsI
IbKBHII HI* All-wool Sweaters, in all fSfaSQk. "**& Louis XV heels. The Shoes «S&aL^7 * ti* -i -i r»F Priestley's English Craven- t^l^
I WaUl DOC colors : tor b0 >' s 3 to 8 WpaafohiSav come in plain or patent tips. V#Pl»££\. ft I 1 Sj ette Overcoats; 52 Inches f£| Mi
¦ years. %^_ Iffi ISJX with light or heavy weight \S \ 'P lllUl ' long: cut full and loose, in UJ \SV
pSrakU <-_, For all-wonl «?wr M t*>r« for >V«?^L noles and military and Cuban Jel > wE^^^Oh. tan and sray Worsted finish materials. • —V J <J£^^
I (Sr 8Rr» boys from 8 to 16 vears >SI»t^«* h^els. You can have any one They are light welsht Coats and are ¦VCL^^^
I T», O JW RV e i,iar si 00 value yearS> • ot these styles for $2.50 this suitable for any season. They have been
" esuiar » I - U0 value - week reduced from S18.00.GIRLS SHOULD WRITE SENSIBLE LOVE LETTERS AS
MANY A MAN IS CARELESS WITH CORRESPONDENCE
According to the Utica (N. Y.)
Press the barbers of Onelda and the
vlcin'ty are greatly worked up over
the invention of a' machine .by a local
inventive genius which threatens to
put them all out of business. The ma
chine is said to give a perfect shave to
any one who submits itself to it,
and with much rapidity and comfort.
It is said that a company has been or
ganized to manufacture the machine
and put It on the market for sale.
The Silent Barber.
Generally speaking. • * bodices are
made round for daytime wear and
oointed for «yening, dresses.-
BODICES.
A return to the sound-, basic, constitu
tional principles of our government will
work much cood for. our. institutions.
The fact that there '. doesn't appear
to be much of a campaign does not ar
gue that there will not be a great deal
of votlhgr.-rClnclnnati Inquirer*
Landlady— My, Mr. Eatemup, you're
riot going to leave the, table, are you?
Mr. Eatemup. (the glass eater)—
Yes; I'll have to. It's pretty hard
wood, and . my teeth ain't as good as
Oiey used to be.
AT THE BOARDIXG-HOUSE.
Colombia and Panama are both agi
tated. Well, perhaps .that climate Is no
v.-urse for our soldiers than that of the
Philippines.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Knight Stands — Yes; somebody, hol
lered for the author and it made the
audience hot. W&SSm&8B£BBk
REASONS.
Knight Stands (the actor) — Pretty
cold audience.
. Countem Wright (the manager)—
But they warmed up after the second
act. . . . . . ¦ , ;, . . ....-..-
Tom Watson may never be Presi
dent. But he gets more fun out of be
ing defeated than any candidate with
in the memory of man.— Philadelphia
North American.
• ."But I wanted a strong boy. What
are your qualifications?" ..
i Boy— I ¦ may say, : with some mod
esty, sir, that . i 'I ' ¦ have completed a
three-month correspondence ' course in
physical -culture.- have read thirty
three volumes on '¦ physiology - and the
assimilation ( of foods . and,. was ] cham
pion tiddle-de-wink /player -In, our
miv~ t^af Club. ' '
MODEST KID.
Long Empire scarfs of chiffon, lace
or soft silk, plain or shaded or figured,
are charming accompaniments of
gowns of that period and afford wom
an many opportunities- to display her
grace.
SCARFS.
The race issue at present seems to be
whether President Roosevelt will in
terfere in the affairs of the Congo state.
It's a hundred to one that he will not—
Philadelphia Inquirer. .
One of the principal elements of safe
«y to lrfe and property in our society is
ihe indolence and the consequent stu
i hlity of many of the v evil disposed.
There are malicious persons who are
l-armless only because they are affiict
• i with the germ of laziness. — Phlladel
. hia Record. -
Kissing is coming once more, to the
fore of public discussion. But what's
the use of making such a noise about
it? There is only one proper way to
discuss a kiss.— St. Louis Republic.
Dainty baby coats are already
shown, made of the hatter's 'plush,
which was so popular last winter and
which has evidently not lost its vogue.
The Ion? silk nap closely resembles
lambs* wool.
BABY COATS.
On the day after the election the peo
ple are likely to go on with their usual
vocations, confident whichever way It
goes that the country Is not in imme
diate danger. And. of course, it will
not be. It is the remote dangers that
are to be feared. Governments do not
break up In a day.— Cincinnati En
quirer.
Secretary Hay should have appended
to his offer to keep his office in case Mr.
Roosevelt is elected a solemn promise to
beware of the Greeks and ; stay away
from Morocco. — Galveston Dally News.
Snake bracelets are here again. They
are made of fine gold, in mysteriously
arranged flexible links, so very flexible
and with such a wonderful spring that
they surround the wrist four times or
go once around the waist with equal
ease. Or \ they may be worn around
the neck.
BRACELETS
It is again announced — this time of
ficially—that Judge Parker will not
stump the country. But Just wait a few
weeks and watch the country stump
Judge Parker.— Philadelphia North
American.
The Commoner of Lincoln, Neb-, con
tains some stirring editorial matter
these days. The leading two-page ar
ticle for the issue of October 7 is en
titled "The Wonders of the West." It
is an appreciation of some of .the
scenic beauties of the Yellowstone Park
and the Yosemite Valley.— New York
Tribune-
Plaits, tucks, shlrrings. smocking
and strapping all enter into youthful
modes.
Several Democratic spellbinders have
been sent into Pennsylvania. Perhaps
Mr. Taggart and his coworkers desire
for some reason to keep the Republican
majority in Pennsylvania under 300,000
this year. — Chicago Record-Herald.
A further departure along the lines of
oppression at home and tyranny abroad
will bring great evils.— St. Louis Re
public.
When it is taken into consideration
that West Virginia has settled "down
into a manufacturing State with strong
protection beliefs there does not seem
to be any substantial reason why it
should Jump over into the Democratic
column merely because Vice Presiden
tial Candidate Davis lives there. — Phil
adelphia Inquirer.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION,
After a fatiguing day rub the flesh
with a stiff bristle brush until the skin
glows; then, using a few drops of
cream at a time, rub the body thor
oughly and go to bed. ¦ Nothing will
so quickly induce refreshing sleep and
soothe the tired nerves, yet two spoon
fuls of cream will suffice. In the
morning put in sufficient borax to
soften the water for the bath and use
pure soap. Cream will / soften and
whiten the skin and is a good pre
ventive of wrinkles.
CREAM IN THE BATH.
Fifty astronomical observatories in
all parts of the world have been mak
ing observations (45,000 altogether) of
the asteroid Eros, which will make it
possible to discriminate with greater
accuracy than heretofore the distance
of the sun from our planet.
An Astronomical Experiment.
The city of Rochester has recently or
dered two smoke helmets for the use
of the Fire Department of that city.
These helmets are constructed to cover
the head of a fireman and . to . deliver a
supply of fresh air to the wearer from
a tank which is carried on the 'back.
Such devices are quite common abroad,
but are not in general use in this coun
try. £
Fire Helmets for Rochester.
A beauty doctor recommends the
following delightful shampoo tonic.
Take a small bar of pure castile soap,
dissolve in one quart of hot water and
boil down to one pint, cool and add
one pint of bay rum, one tablespoon
ful of borax and thirty grains of bl
sulphate of quinine. Keep in a glass
Jar and use enough to cleanse the hair
perfectly. Every night rub the scalp
with a lotion made by, combining one
ounce of pure borax, one-half ounce
of camphor gum and one quart of rain
water.
SHAMPOO TONIC.
POTATO PUFF.
To each person to be served allow
one cup mashed potatoes, one egg, two
tablespoonfuls cream; beat potatoes,
egg yolk and cream thoroughly, sea
soning with salt and pepper; beat the
white to a stiff paste and fold in light
ly; butter a rather shallow dish, fill
with the mixture and cover with but
tered bread crumbs.
BUNS.
Two eggs, one- cupful of sugar, half
a cupful of butter, half a cupful of
sweet milk, one teaspoonful cloves, one
lirge cup of flour, teaspoonful of bak
ing powder; bake in shallow tins.
HIS LOVES.
"The woman I love with my heart." he
said.
"Is a cozy cornery girl;
A sofa pillowy, soft and willowy.
Smoother of ills that are big and bil
lowy.
Sympathetic, non-ascetic.
Dear little love of a girL
"The woman I love with my brain." he
said.
"Is a brilliant stimulant girl:
She's a sheer delight to my mental sight.
With a wit as quick as an arrow's flight.
• A comrade true and a sweetheart, too.
And a never wearying girl.
"The woman I love with my soul." he
"Is a Saint Cecelia girl:
The meanings fine of a love divine
In her movements show, in her glances
shine;
Fairest of all. she holds ma In thrall;
She's a simply adorable girl."
"Then fare you well and forever." she
said.
Her scarlet lips a-curl;
"To think that I — no matter, good-by!"
"Ah. love." he said. " 'tla for you I sigh.
All three you are, my sweet, my star.
My one. my only girl."
— Ethelwyn Wetherald. in Ladles' World.
ANSWERS 70 QUERIES.
MAMIE KELLY— A. O. S.. City.
Mamie Kelly, a schoolgirl, was mur
dered in this city. November 10. 1SS8.
NEW POSTOFFICE— S. J. W.. City.
The time for the opening of the new
po'atoffice at Mission and Seventh
streets in San Francisco has not yet
Men fixed.
Special information supplied dally f»
business bouses and public men br tS»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1*42. *
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched. boxes. 715 Market st.
On November 1. 1904, will be advanced
10c per Ib. Holiday orders received up ta
that date at present price. *
Perforated broadcloth Is enhanced
by a regular pattern, punched out. The
astonishing part of it is that there is
a velvet border framing each dot. This
gives a chance to supply a "transpar
ent" of color beneath the cut-off nat
terns. The puncturing is done either
in a dot, a coin spot or an oval fig
ure. This is not so expensive as one
would suppose. The perforated
broadcloth measures fully fifty-two
inches, and the price varies from two
and three-quarter dollars up to three
and a half. A lovely pale, cloudy
gray, a heavenly turquoise blue and
tan brown are noted in the perforated
cloths.
To two cupfuls of sugar add one
scant cupful of butter; beat to a
cream; then add one cupful of sweet
milk with three and a half cupfuls
pastry flour, two teaspoonfuls of bak
ing powder; finally add whites of eight
eggs, well beaten; bake In three layers:
for filling take half a pint of pure
cream, add two tablespoonfuls pow
dered sugar; whip till it stands alone
and spread between layers-
CREAM CAKES.
PER FOR A TED BROADCLOTH.
THE man who wrote that epi
gram so often quoted, "In order
that a love letter may be what
It should be, one should begin
without knowing what he is going to
say and end it without knowing what
he has said," must have used his per
sonal pronouns with premeditation and
not conventionally. He was speaking
for the edification of a masculine aud
ience, says Dorothy Fenlmore in the
Chicago Journal.
No girl could afford to follow any
such haphazard rule as this in love
correspondence. Whoever sits down to
write to her avowed admirer, or to her
fiance, should have in advance a
definite idea of what her reason is for
writing and. after she has finished,
she should know with some degree of
clearness to what course she has com
mitted herself and invited him.
But such a love letter would have no
savor, you say. It would lack spon
taneity. Besides, would it not imiOy
that a girl did not have confidence in
the man to whom she was writing? If
she hesitated to trust to him her soul
put down on perishable paper, could
she dare to trust herself to his life
long keeping?
A letter may come straight from the
heart, yet be written sensibly, as it
When a girl gives her heart to a man.
she naturally believes that 'tis for all
time, else the gift would not be worth
the giving. And because of the purity
of her. own motives she has faith that
his vows are as long as eternity. But
too often the affections of youth and
maid are indeed but "tents of a night."
Like the gossamer webs found spread
over a meadow at daybreak, they are
gone, many of them, before the sun is
overhead.
The route to marriage and, after
marriage, to the golden wedding, !s a
narrow one. as famous for shipwrecks
as is the Straits of Babelmandeb, the
celebrated Gate of Tears. It is only the
good pilots who come into harbcr
safely.
For there is not in love's paradise,
as in the fabulous paradise of the Mo
hammedans, a great dog, Al Raktm,
standing guard over all letters and cor
respondence.
that the endearments which she de
signed for the one man in the world
may be devoured to their very crumbs
at second table by housemaid, valet or
tradesman. For this reason I repeat
with emphasis advice which my mother
gave to me in my girlhood: Never put
down upon paper anything which you
would not be willing to have the whole
world read, at any time in your life,
and under any circumstances.
may come from the head, yet be writ
ten with feeling. But emotion is a run
away horse, unless reason holds the
reins.
There are few letters, except those
of important and confidential business,
which are read only by the persons to
whom they are addressed. This does
not always mean an intentional be
trayal of the writer's confidence on the
part of the recipient. There are, of
course, men who would read to others
the letters a girl has written them, in
the same spirit that they would recount
personal exploits, and, to balance
things, there are girls who make a
practice of reading to confidants the
letters that admirers or lovers write
them.
But there is a much larger class that
is simply careless about correspon
dence.
The man who has a rolltop desk at
his office is likely to prefer a writing
table at home for the sake of variety.
This is usually inadequate and, as a
result, letters are stuffed into a chiffon
ier 1 drawer, are laid on top of the
dresser, or are left in the pockets of
coats which are periodically sent to
the tailor.
Consequently, a girl's^ letters may
reach the curious gaze of people for
whom they were not intended. It is
not a pleasant thought to a woman
The standing of the State in Congress is of equal interest to
every citizen. Every Californian with the interests of the State at
heart should ask himself what was gained by the election of Liver
nash, Wynn and Bell. We know what was lost to this city by
sending two class representatives to the House, where they failed
utterly to do anything for the general interests of San Francisco, and
even accomplished nothing at all for the special class they professed
to represent. They were utterly useless and had no standing even
with the minority. They were unpopular on the Democratic side of
the House and with its leader and were in every respect inefficient
and incapable of favorably impressing themselves upon anybody.
In consequence the city lost appropriations that would have paid out
much money in wages to labor and would have supplied facilities
much needed by our commerce.
San Francisco should not look at the partisanship but the utility
of this issue. We need a. decent immigrant station. The Govern
ment has the proper location for it. The Senate passed an appro
priation for the purpose and it was beaten in the House by the two
Representatives from this city. It would have obsoleted the miser
able detention shed on the Mail dock and would have made more
room there for commerce, which is badly needed. The Water Front
Federation, with a keen knowledge of the interests of labor in an
increase of our trade, has joined the commercial bodies of the State
in supporting the bond issue of two millions to extend the seawall,
increase the dock room of the water front and provide berths for
lhe big ships which are making a commercial conquest of the Pacific.
\Ve desire to impress the Water Front Federation that it has as
great an interest in a proper representation in Congress that can
secure for both labor and trade the measures needed for their united
prosperity.
There is not a laboring man nor a business man in San Fran
cisco that does not know that Mr. Kahn and Mr. Hayes can do the
things needed in the House by the interests of this city. They also
know that Mr. Livernash and Mr. Wynn cannot do those things, for
they have been tried and they have failed. We will have politics
always, but San Francisco will not always have the opportunity to
secure permanently her primacy of the Pacific trade. We are at the
crisis of that effort now. Strong rivals on each side of us, abounding
with ambition and capable of the command of resources that can
compel results, are in the field against us. A false move now may
disastrously check our advance. As an element of first importance
we require two men to represent this city in the House who stand
for all of our people and all of our business interests, and not for
one class alone. The business men, taxpayers and those who have
anything at stake in the prosperity of San Francisco can command
the situation if the}' will, and elect Mr. Kahn and Mr. Hayes and
secure their influence in Congress.
Going beyond the city to the State, its interests require a har
monious delegation in the House. The partisans of Mr. Bell are
trying to influence votes in his favor by questionable means and by
claiming for him credit that is not his due. We wish to remind them
that a seat in the House, secured by such means, is a seat wasted and
opportunity thrown away. The fortunes of the people of California
are joined in bonds indissoluble. Whatever makes for prosperity is
for the good of all. There is not a reasonable Democrat in California
Lut will admit that the prosperity of the State requires a strong and
harmonious Republican delegation in the House. They know that
the good work for the State performed by our two Senators, and by
McLachlan. Metcalf, Xeedham, Daniels and Gillett, has been for the
benefit of all. They cannot benefit only Republicans. As members
of the majority, and representing the majority in the State, their
work was for the minority as well. Let us strengthen the delegation
by making it unanimous and not weaken or dilute it by sending three
useless members of the minority, whose election will benefit no one
but themselves.
In this city it is apparent that offers are made to trade votes for
the Presidency to help Livernash and Wynn. We ivish to ask the
real Democrats in their districts if there is any good and patriotic
reason why a Democrat should vote for either. In the Congres
sional Directory, where every member writes a brief sketch dis
closing his party affiliation, these facts appear: "Edward James
Livernash, Union Labor party of San Francisco," and "William
Joseph Wyrin, Union Labor party, San Francisco." Each says he
was indorsed by the Democracy, but both are at pains to describe
themselves as not Democrats. They take pains to make it known
that they are representatives of one class only, and that purely
artificial.
The Democratic party in all its history has taken pains to pro
claim itself the representative of all and not of a class, and that is the
boast of Democrats who can give reasons for their faith, as it is
the boast of Republicans. Genuine Democrats, therefore, can carry
out their principles only by supporting the Republican candidates
for Congress, who represent all interests, and not one exclusive
class. We are persuaded that such Democrats will support Messrs.
Kahn and Hayes, who represent everybody, without limitation or
distinction.
THE most casual observer of the campaign in this State must
see that the Democracy concedes California to Roosevelt and
that his majority will be larger than the record vote for Mc-
Kinley in 1900. This being the case, the Democracy is concentrating
its efforts in the two Congressional districts in this city, and in the
Xapa district, to hold the three seats that were wasted on the
minority two years ago.
CALIFORNIA IN CONGRESS.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Wilson will sail
from Boston in December for an exten
sive trip abroad. Egypt will engage
their attention .for a month or two,
after, which will come an automobile
To-night the Sequoia Club will hoM
an "at home" in its quarters in the St.
Francis.
There Is a whisper abroad that Miss
Mabel Gunn will become a bride before
Christmastlde. It was first thought
that the bonny maid would be a bride
oi spring, but lovers are importunate
ond Dr. Thayer proves no exception.
Lucky Dr. Thayer!
On Sunday afternoon Miss Jenne
, Morrow Long entertained at a tea in
honor of Ben Greet, who, by the way,
is fast becoming a social as well as a
dramatic celebrity. And charming he
is as a lion, with a' fashion of not
seeming bored at the inanities said to
him by those presented to him. He
must be a "practical Christian."
During the afternoon Miss Long,
who ranks among the cleverest read
ers in town, gave an interpretation of
Paolo and Francesca da Rimini in
fetching fashion, taking all five parts
in their varying voices, a trick that's
no Joke. And 'twas done in a manner
to win the applause of Ben Greet
himself, who proved the most excel
lent of listeners.
Mme. Caro Roma gave fine vocal
support to Miss Long. Among those
present were Mrs. C. Mason Kinne.
Mrs. E. M. Cooper, Major General
Shafter, General James Biddle, Mrs.
W. H. Brown, Dr. and Mrs. Clarke
Burnham, Mrs. Henry Bergstein, M133
May Ethelyn Bourn, Dr. and Mrs.
Newberry, Mrs. Holbrook-Blinn, Mrs.
Washington Ayer, Colonel and Mrs. A.
R. Girard. John McNaught, Miss
Withro and others.
"There's no denying that women
are foolish; but God made them so to.
match the men." So saith a famous
French woman. That must explain
much of the "bridge" and "poker
slavery that holds so many women of
the smart set enthralled. Positively,
it is an appalling thing to consider
that women with brains enough -_tu
play a good game of cards should de
vote five or six afternoons and even
ings a week— aye, and mornings— to
the bridge table to the exclusion of
social, domestic or civic duties.
Physicians are . filing complaints
against the abuse of an agreeable pas
time, for cases of "nerves" are crowd
ing them far too hard. It's the intens
ity that kills, and the dropping of
needed moneys.
But then, Sally doesn't intend to
tell .all she knows about ii; what the
cent per cent men have to say. That
wouldn't be kind, but it might help
some silly woman to keep out of
money games. Likewise to play few
er hours per day and with less intent
to bear off the best prize. It is these
things that bring bridge into disre
pute, the player to tears.
Mrs. W. S. Leake has closed her sum
mer residence in San Rcfael and taken
apartments at the Palace Hotel for the
win*- --¦¦ • • • ;i ~??&?
Mr. and Mrs. Toby Rinaldo of San
Jose will spend the winter at the St.
Francis.
. . . . •
Major and Mrs. Henry Morrow are
expected to arrive very soon from Salt
Lake.
• • ' - •
Mrs. Thomas Selby and Miss Selby
are domiciled on Washington street for
the winter.
This morning sees the nuptials of
Miss Emily Adams and Henry Cheever
Bowman, who will be wedded by the
bride's father. Rev. George C. Adams,
in the First Congregational Church.
A noon wedding on Sunday last was
that of Miss Blanch Goldman, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Goldman. 2100
Van Ness avenue, and Walter A. Green.
The ceremony, performed by Rev.
Jacob Voorsanger, took place in the
drawing-room, which was lavishly dec-
OTated in white and yellow chrysan
themums. The bride, attended by her
sister. Miss Bertha Goldman, was
gowned in white moussellne and car
ried lilies of the valley. The groom
was served by Louis Block, as best
man. The guests numbered about one
hundred and fifty. Mr. and Mrs. Green
will reside at the St. Francis after re
turning from a wedding Journey
through the south.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Nathaniel Gray,
now at the; St. Louis exposition, will
extend their trip to New York before
returning to San Francisco.
General and Mrs. Coolldge. Colonel ana
Mrs. Smedberg and Mr. and Mrs. Wil-
Ham Thomas were guests last week
at a luncheon given by Mrs. E. B. Rog
ers at her home on Walnut street.
The wedding of Miss Katherine Sel
fridge and Lieutenant Kellond of th*
Nineteenth Infantry will take place
this evening at the bride's home on
California street. The affair is to b*
quiet, only relatives and Intimate
friends being bidden.
• • •
Miss Ethel Hager is preparing to
make an Eastern trip. At the fair she
will devote much intelligent attention
to sculpture, as the clever young wom
an has taken up that phase oC art in
all seriousness.
On the 29th James D. Phelan will be
the honored guest at the fall jinks at
the Bohemian Club. Chester Bailey
Fernald will be responsible for the lit
erary "stunt" to be produced, which
augurs well for its cleverness.
tour through France and Italy. Their
itinerary. will include all the points of
interest on the European continent,
making the absence of Mr. and Mrs.
Wilson rather prolonged.
BY SALLY SHflRP-
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SFKECKELS , Proprietor
~~ ~ ADDRES3 ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
,'OHX McXAPGHT Z111LL1 **ggg
rCBTJCATIOK OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAX FRANCISCO
TUESDAT OCTOBER 18, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER IS, ;L9W.
PARKER DECIDES NOT TO SPEAK.
COPYRIGHT. 1904, BY SPECIAL. ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK* EVENING MAIL..
8INSOLVENT RAILROAD MAN.— P. H
Coughlin, a railroad workman of, Oakland, filed
a petition In insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court.- He owe* $090 and has
no assets. . S. ¦•¦:•¦-
J. W. Hutchinson, clerk of the Ho
tel Sequoia, has mysteriously disap
peared and considerable anxiety is
shown by his relatives for his safe
ty. Hutchinson's wife died last July
and he has grieved a great deal, a
fact which causes those who know
him to fear that he may have made
away with himself. He left the hotel
last . Saturday and was seen . later - in
Rosa .Valley, where all trace of- him
has been lost." He is a brother of Mrs.
I. J. Truman, owner of the Hotel Se
quoia.
Hotel Clerk Missing.
TO SELL. REALTY. — The administrators of
the ei-tate of Joseph L«vy, who died on Febru
ary 3, yerterday petitioned the Superior Court
fcr permission to *ell four parcels of realty
appraised at $48,950. The principal property is
on McAllister street, near Scott, which Is
valued at $32.0G0.
TO CONTEST WIFE*8 WILL.-r°J kIand -
Oct. 17. — A contest and opposition to' tb * P**"
bating of thi- will cf the late Man?ff et An "
<jrcTis ar*f fili-d to-day by Jamn Andi^ W8 . her
husband, who wm di«lnhertted by W« wlf «
and cut off with m. :• K3> y of one <Jall* r - • A -°
dif»» s*«« that hi« wjf* wa.« of nnsou 1 " 1 mind
at the tiin* «h* made hrr will. In tt«e docu
ment *h«- «.aid for several years prior' to her
d?*th AnJrrw* had ijt-gltrted her and* ****e«l
to be a htnhanfl to her. She left abot* W009
worth of property to her. niece. Mr».\ Ann*.
t>ur.n.
We havp converted our picture room
into a beautiful art gallery foi' the exhi
bition and »>ale of moderate pri«*«d paint
ings. watrr colors, pantels, etcl" n R* an< *
fine photographs. Inspection ! cordially
Invited. Sanborn. Vail & Co., «<1 Mar
ket street. ,
A New Art GalierjV
General MacArthur will also assist
in providing military courtesies in
keeping with the position of the Vice
President and his Governmental asso
ciates.
A meeting was held at the Chamber
of Commerce yesterday afternoon for
Vhe purpose of making further ar
rangements for the entertaining of
Vice President Corral of Mexico and
his party, who are due here Frida/.
President Newhall of the Chamber of
Commerce called the meeting to or
der and later surrendered the chair
to Colonel George Pippy, who ap
pointed A. Trlllanes secretary. The
following committee was named to
arrange for the banquet to be held at
the Palace Hotel Saturday night:
Colonel George Pippy, chairman; A.
Trillanes, secretary and treasurer; L.
M. King, Colonel F. E. Beck, P. C.
Rossi and Varney W. Gaskill. .
This committee met later and de
cided that the invitations to the ban
quet be extended under the auspices
of the various local commercial
bodies. It was announced that Ad
miral McCalla would provide a Gov
ernment boat to " meet the distin
guished Mexicans at the Oakland
mole and transport them across the
bay and a detachment of marines for
escort duty.
Plans for the Entertainment of DIs-
tinjrulshcd Mexican Officials Arc
Rapidly Being Made.
MILITARY ESCORT FOR
VICE PRESIDENT CORRAL
A great deal of work has already
been done on these sections. The
road is already under operation for
thirty-four miles east of Chihuahua
and grading has been done as far as
MInaca. From the coast the road Is
under operation as far as Las Hamilas
and the grading has been done as far
as San Javlere. The line is to follow
the crest of the watershed of the Set
entrion River. It is denied that the
route Is a steep one, aa recently re
ported, the circular claiming that the
engineers have arranged for construc
tion on a 2% per cent grade.
A circular letter has been received
by local railroad officials announcing
that the end of the year will witness
the operation of the Kansas City,
Mexico and Orient Railroad Com
pany's trains for a distance of 677
miles. It is announced that the com
pany will have two portions of track,
one forty-five and the other seventy
five miles in length, ready for trains
by the beginning of the new year. Of
the new route 167 miles will be over
the Texas Pacific, east of Sweetwater,
Tex., and 250 miles will be by way of
the tracks of the Chihuahua and Pa
cific The line has been located east
and west of Chihuahua and east from
Topolobampo to La Junta.
Shape for Future Traffic
Business.
Stillwell Line Is Rapidly Getting Into
LAWYERS' CIXBl WILIi TRY
TO ADVANCE PROFESSION
The Organization Alapady H** Branch
Associations in Aqtne Counties
of the state-
The Lawyers' Clull °* California,
with a branch club ln\every county of
the State, has sent Vircular letters
to all members of v^e legal pro
fession In California, *rffing them to
become members of tlfs organization.
The purpose of the association la to
unite all -members of \ne bench and
bar in an effort to betUr profes
picn. The three objectAthat the club
will endeavor to attain vre: The re
duction of expense to Vitlgants, the
elimination of delay in rekching a final
settlement of cases and the securing
of uniform rules of practice In the
various counties of the State.
Some of the best known Jurists of
California are enrolled at» members.
Following are the offlcers:* President,
Uoyd Comeerys; first vice: president,
Charles L. Patton; second .vice presi
dent. Hon. A. A. Sanderson.' treasurer,
Hon. E. A. Belcher; secretary. Davis
F. Hirrhberg; assistant secr« !tar y. A. L.
At wood.
NEW ROAD WTLTj CROSS
HIGH SIERRA 3IADRES
Names Two New Witnesses.
Attorney Albert M. Johnson yester
day gave notice of application for an
order to take the depositions of E. H.
Emory' and ' Miss v McClurg in New
York for use in the Dolbeer will con
test W. F. Williamson, representing
the executors, declined to enter Into
a stipulation that the witnesses should
be examined on October 21, when t?ie
other depositions are to be taken, «o
under the usual rule they cannot be
taken until November 8, six days after
the trial of the case begins here. John
son therefore asked a continuance for
eight or ten days more, but Judge Cof
fey refused to grant it. Johnson
charged that the other side was trying
to force the contestant's attorney to
remain In New York until after the
trial begins. Williamson denied this.
PROPOSED STOCK ISSUE
CAUSES SLUMP IN MARKET
Alaska Packers' Association Securitiirs
Drop Heavily Pending Proposed .
Move by Directors.
The stock of the Alaska Packers'
Association had a heavy slump In the
stock market yesterday. Last' July
the stock fell to $121 50, which was
something like $40 a share off in a
few months. ' Yesterday the price
dropped to $104. Last Saturday the
price was $117. The association has
paid dividends for many years. The
break some months ago was the re
sult of a statement of heavy Indebted
ness. The present downward tendency
is supposed to be/ due to the Intention
of the directors to issue 2000 shar-is
of treasury stock and to the knowl
edge of that intention that has been
made public in the daily papers. The
capital stock of the association Is
$4,800,000 in 48,000 shares. On the
stock $65 a share has been paid, mak
ing the totalpaid up capital $3,120, -
000. The purpose of the issuance of
the treasury' stock Is the payment of
the indebtedness of the company.
Employment Agvncy In Trouble.
A warrant was secured from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest
of J. E. Brower, manager' of the Em
ployes' Register Company, Chronicle
building, on a charge of conducting
an intelligence office without a license.
Several women have complained to
the police that they had paid a fee to
Brower for the purpose of obtaining a
situation, but when they called at the
place indicated they found that the
position was not what it had been
represented to be.
f Twenty years 6f married life is to j
i have a sensational ending for Lucy j
i and Jean Loupy, if the wife succeeds in '
; proving her accusations against the '
I proprietor of the "Pup Rotisserie" and
| incidentally the character of one of
i San Francisco's most famous eating
i places will be bared to the public.
1 Mrs. Loupy's complaint recites that
she married the restaurant man on .
September 29, 1884; that since then they
, have acquired as community property
; an undivided half interest in the Pup :
Rotisserie. on Stockton street. The ,
; business and its equipment are said to
! be worth $50,000 and the net income to ;
¦ be ?2000 a month, of which the Loupys j
[are entitled to one-half. ;
Cruelty Is the basis of the complaint. !
Mrs. Loupy asks for $100 a month all- .
mony, $250 counsel fees, and $50 costs
and an injunction to prevent him from
j disposing of the property.
j LIlHe Telles, on a cross-complaint
charging cruelty, yesterday obtained a
divorce from Charles A. Telles In Judge
Graham's court. Telles had charged
! his wife with cruelty, but the evidence
showed that he was the aggressor in
their frequent family fights.
Judge Hebbard set aside the divorce
granted two years ago to John P. j
Clark from Agnes K. Clark, a telegram '
from Clark at Wallace, Idaho, saying j
i that he v/as willing to let the motion |
to set aside go by default. The Clarks ,
were married for thirty years, and the t
; wife did not know she had been di- j
vorced until informed a few months
; ago by the War Department, to whom
she applied for her husband's pension.
| She then charged that the decree had
| been secured by fraud.
Divorces were granted by Judge Heb
i bard to John L. Robinson from Minnie
! Robinson for desertion, and by Judge
Sloss to Mary Ellingsen from Peter
j Ellingsen for neglect and desertion. ;
Suits for divorce were filed ¦ by Lulu
I. Case against Robert Case, cruelty;
; Axel F. Larsen against Marie Larsen,
; intemperance; Attillo Pierini against
\ Rosa Pierini, cruelty; Harry G. Adams
: against Ella Adams, desertion; Mer- j
cedes B. Lindsay against Robert H. i
Lindsay, neglect; Lillian V. Haedrich
against James H. Haedrich, neglect and !
desertion. >'"«;V; ; i
The following committee was ap
pointed to co-operate with a like com
mittee of other denominations to con
sider the question of the maintenance
of the Bible in the public schools: Dr.
A. T. Needham, Dr. F. D. Bovard, Dr.
E. R. Dille, the Rev. A. C. Bane and
the Rev. J. H. N. Williams.
"Higher License" was the subject
before the Methodist Ministers*.Asso
ciation yesterday morning. Dr. Fran
cis M. Larkin reported the action of
the Election Commissioners on the re
jection of the petition for an amend
ment to the ordinance favoring higher
license. He explained that the sig
natures were transcribed by type
writers and names had been mis
spelled, yet the Registrar's clerks were
not permitted to consult the original
signatures. He complained that the
Civic League was not allowed to in
vestigate into the matter of rejected
names, although the Brewers' Asso
ciation was permitted to have a spe
cialist on handwriting and he worked
two days.
L. M. Hartley spoke as to future ac
tion. Ten thousand five hundred citi
zens, he said, had petitioned for an
amendment to the ordinance. The
Election Commissioners were asked to
obey the charter, b*ut had refused to
place the amendment on the ballot
under the pretense that there were
signatures that were not bona fide.
Dr. Hartley continued by saying that
he had gained two great points. The
citizenship of the city had been
aroused- and the sentiment of the peo
ple had been stirred, and the liquor
craft had shown that it feared to have
the question submitted to the people.
Bible teaching in the public school
was a matter discussed by the asso
ciation following an address by the
Rev. J. H. N. Williams oa "The Bible
as Literature."
It was said that the National Edu
cational Association passed a resolu
tion at its last meeting, held in St.
Louis, favoring the introduction of the
Bible in all public schools as a book
of religious instruction.
Dr. E. R. .Dille approved of the
movement and said that the principal
of Oakland High School was in favor
of including the Bible in the course
of study as literature and historic
value.
The Rev. Mr. Williams held that
they were more apt to meet with suc
cess in the project of Introducing the
Bible in the public schools if it should
be taught as a classic. The Junior
Order of American Mechanics, he said,
stands for the Bible In the public
school.
Dr. F. D. Bovard said that the pub
lic school must have a solid ethical
basis, and-,that the Bible Is the only,
true source" 1 of enlightenment and free
conscience.- He said "that the 1 public 1
school is now between the' alternative
of receiving religious instruction from
the open scriptures or from a hier
archy. The question, he said, was
vital to the permanency of the public
school.
A complimentary reception for the
past pupils of the convent will be held
on Sunday afternoon. It will bring
together many women who have re
ceived their early training here.
The first sisters of this order were
brought from Ireland and arrived In
this city on November 13, lSo^. 1 * They
settled in a small house on Green street
and opened school. Two of the four
sisters who came to this country re
turned to Ireland on account of the
hardships they encountered. On De
cember 3 the present convent on Powell
street was erected and grew with un
usual rapidity, and it affords to-day
every facility for learning to its pupils.
Miss Maud C. Kilcommon. Miss Mary E.
McFadden, Miss May G. Rosa, Miss Alice M.
MesEmer. MUa M. Josephine Taylor. Miss
Odessa A Gallatin. Miss Lillian Q. Beaumont.
Miss Ella C. Gaffncy. MUa Anna G. Williams;
gold medal, gift of Rer. T. Caraher. awarded
to Miss Anna. G. Williams for Christian doc
trine: EalealaK medal, awarded to Miss Maud
C. KUcommon for church history; gold medaU
for highest merits, awarded to Miss Alice
Messmer, academic class; Miss Josie Campo
donico, preparatory academic class; gold m«d
als for music, gifts of Mrs. J. Kirk. Miss Mil.
l«r and Mrs. J. Oliva, awarded to Miss Marie
Bardet. Miss Mary Daly and Miss Ella Galf
ney: cold medal for Latin, awarded to Mlaa
Mary E. McFadden.
The graduation exercises at the Tivoli
Thursday afternoon will be worth wit
nessing. The sisters have arranged an
interesting programme. Pupils who
have received their musical education
at the hands of the devoted sisters will
take part in the drama, in six scenes,
which promises to be a feature of the
afternoon. It Is entitled "The Pupil's
Story of Fifty Years." Archbishop
Riordan will conclude the performance
with an address. The following pupils
will receive graduation honors:
Rev. Father McGough will celebrate
mass on Thursday morning at 6:45
o'clock for the graduates of the con
vent. They will renew their consecra
tion vows to Our Lady of Good Coun
sel.
The choir will be composed of the fol
lowing soloists: Miss R. Broderick,
Mrs. Ed Burns, Miss L. Vlautin, A.
Messmers, J. Hlckey, Mr. Sandy, Mr.
Ogilvie, T. Nowlan, assisted by Miss
T. Vahey, Miss M. C. Kilcommon, Mrs.
Kinsey, Miss Thiel. Miss Paulissen,
Miss C. Stevens, Miss A. G. Williams
and F. W. Huber, H. Seekamp, di
rector; Miss M. C. Schaefer, organist.
After the mass the priests will be
entertained by the sisters at the Pre
sentation Convent, Powell and Green
wich streets. Every preparation has
been made to make this a notable event
in honor of the founding of the convent
fifty years ago. * In the afternoon there
will be benediction of the blessed sacra
ment.
"Credo" and "Sanctus" from Cima
rosa's "Grand Military Mass"; Lejeal's
"Benedlctus," Giorza's "Agnus Dei; of
fertory, Zingarelli's "Laudate; closing
hymn, Lambillotte's **Te Deum," by
the congregation.
The "Processional March," by Gou
nod, will be rendered and the augment
ed choir will sing the "Kyrie, '•Gloria/*
The church has been fittingly deco
rated for the occasion with green sml
lax and gold bunting. Archbishop
Kiordan will be present this morning
in the sanctuary; Rev. Father Cara
her. pastor of St. Francis Church, will
be celebrant, assisted by Rev. Father
Fiperni, deacon; Rev. Father Kielu,
subdeacon; Kev. Father McGough,
master of ceremoniesj Rev. Father
Cummins and Rev. Father Mulligan
will be deacons of honor to the Arch
bishop; Father O'Ryan will preach the
sermon.
The celebration of the golden jubilee
of the sisters of the Presentation Or
der of California will open at 10 o'clock
this morning at St. Francis Church
with a solemn high mass.
Methodists Act on Matter
. of Introducing the Bible
iu the Public Schools
3Irs. Loupy Demands $100
a Month From Earnings.
Other Divorce Matters
Graduating Pupils of Con
vent Will Give Exercises
at the Tivoli Theater
PROFITS* OF BUSINESS
WILL OPEN WITH MASS
SCORES COMMISSIONERS
Proprietor of "Pup Rotis
serie" Is Charged With.
Many Acts .of Cruelty
Minister Says Sentiment
Has "Been Aroused Over
Rejection of Petition
Golden Jubilee of Sisters
of Presentation Order to
Be Fittingly Observed
RESTAURATEUR
SUED BY WIFE
HIGHER LICENSE
BURNING TOPIC
TO CELEBRATE
ANNIVERSARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
Afli IIUDIA SAS ntuoscn
vULU Vil&l M \mm m>6
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAT.
SCATS. WEDNESDAYS U SATTJBDAT3
FIRST TIME HERE.
John C. Fisher presents, by special arrange
ment with the Augustln Daly Estate.
The frreatest musical comedy ever written,
SAN TOY
WITH
JAMES T. POWSBS
And others of the original cast.
ftsALHAMBRA
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Every night this week at 8:30.
illAlinCC lU'llAI sat. and Sun. at 2:30
SOUSAH.
Estelle Liebling. Soprano; Jessie Straus,
Violinist: Herbert L. Clarke. Cornettst.
PDIfFC Evenings.. $1.50. $1. 73c and SOc
rnitCJ Matinees $1. 73« and 50c
Seata at Sherman*. Clay A Co.'s music store
Exhilarating Vaudeville I
Ttchow'i Oats; Slnon mad Paris; Joaeph-
tae De Witt; Iievris McCord aad Coxa*
pany; Hlcksy aad Valaon; M A KUht ta
?•nice"; Murphy aad WUIard; Julius
M. Taanea. aad Orphoum Motion Pic-
ture*. Shawlar "Bouadlag' "Up to«
RaffuUr Matla«w* Evtry Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 23c and SOe.
GRAND SS5£2
AN IMMENSE HIT
. THIS WEEK AND NEXT
MATINEES SA1URDAY AND SUNDAY
.AMERICA'S GREATEST PLAT.
ARIZONA
By Augustus Thomas
ORIGINAL PRODUCTION
SPLENDID CAST
103— Canlrjman and Horses— 100
POPULAR PRICES
Crrrsinr — Jane Corearan In Pretty Pe*ry.
n. \V. BISHOP. Lessee and Maaac-r.
TO-NIGHT and THIS WEEK ONLT.
A JAPANESE NIGHTINGALE
Matlnaes — Thursday and Saturday.
Commencing NEXT MO.VDAT.
Oliver Morosco offers the combined strength of
the original Oliver Morosco and MaJ«s~
tlc Theater Companies In
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
The Cart Include* Amelia Gardner. Elate
Esmond, tWrge Woodward, Harry MesUy«r.
Frank MacVleanr and the Regular MaJesUo
Coraj>any.
PRICES REMAIN UNCHANGED.
Ta« Biorxaph. Baowlxijr "P3»SO2f AXn",
a«* a 8pl«adld Show Ev try Afternoon
«ad Eranlajr la ta« Ta«at«x.
TAKK A RIDE ON THE
MTRXATrXRE EI.ECTXIC st* TTisWaM).
SEVEN BABT UONS IN THB «X>.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear tb« Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c t CHILDREN So
-OTnen Phoning Ask for "Th« Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ITZIXW1T IAEL
TO-NIGHT- AT »:15.
Concert Otrca oy
GERTRUDE FLEMING £
Child Plan'st snd High 8oprano.
Assisted by MBP. JEANETTE COFER, sot
Jrano and CHARLES FOLET. tenor aad r\S M
UnUt." RUDOLPH FORSTER. Musical •Ot.l
Rewwd 8mh;«, «a'«h tt 8o«naaa. j
Cl*j- A Co.'*. Admission 30c. fftjflB
XEXV AI>VgRTISgMEyr&.
A "MAW-SAVl^" «•»•« «""• toPO»rtrlty.
CxOING-l G-c^lNG-l! GONBIU
unnati wiu' unit wtwctM nf> -% iSSSSfrS. <** .»
HE NEEDS A GUARDIAN K^nSWOTAWS
Th* bu*lne»» ir to who U too busy to lock »«*! ' «««™*-^i cb «• % c 2"* r< ?" iT^f.^lltS*
To nottf c (Unarufl and f.ll.Rjr Mir it twncattt "»« «»« ttopf lainnf tolrto^tolrcnpttiM*
hit id>« c» Swi ln#*» LaUt when Imut«W« b*W-, i?"* 1^? -KI"'»f/.^iA^f Srrl v ««*» m 4 > -
*if»* comtt h* *tll »«*l* money trvlnr to ov»i-\ STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.
0ni| Store*. $1 00. Seel 10c. Jtxaji. h IB WOOf CO, Dejrt. K, MnO. Wcl, ftr t tmf*.
NE WBRO'Sl HERPICIDE
Tht OR101NAL remedy tbd "*¦•• tfc» Outfnrff Qirm."
APPLICATIONS AT FKOM VFBVt BAJtBEK BHOP8. ¦ ¦ . - -
• Hi st *i_ • '••"**¦) •• ** • ** ••* 3e»»*il_^ »j» ti *^# P?1
fThe letters of Miss Merkley, whose pic-1
ture is printed above, and Miss Claussen,
;prove beyond question that thousands of
cpes of inflammation of the ovaries and
wt>mb are annually cured by the use of
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vcgetabk CompouncL
I" Dear Mrs. Pintcham: — Gradual loss of strength and nerve force
tolcflme something was radically wrong with me. I had severe shooting
painV throught the pelvic organs, cramps and extreme irritation com-
pelled me to seek medical advice. The doctor said that I had ovarian
trouble and ulceration, and advised an operation. I strongly objected to
this l&d decided to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
I sooy f<yind that my judgment was correct, and that all the good
thing t *^aid about this medicine were true, and day by day I felt less
pain aad increased appetite. The ulceration soon healed, and the other
complications disappeared and in eleven weeks I was once more strong
and vigorous and perfectly welL
a 2ubr heartiest thanks are sent to you for the great good you have
done m^. w — Sincerely yours, Miss Margaret Merkley, 275 Third St,
MilwaiLpee, Wis.
Hiss Claussen Saved from a Surgical Operation.
¦MBMgm " Dear Mrs. Pi.vkham: — It seems to me that
§ilsgKlji£§@fi all the endorsements that I have read of the value
\~ '•- \^ie3iaPa °^ Lvdia E. Pinkham's Compound do not express
fPp^^tevdgBgf one-half of the virtue the great medicine really
pw^^ \ySh|b possesses. I know that it saved my life and I
ESs£y >» sfc^a want to give the credit where it belongs. I suf-
RSf'V * * fered -with ovarian trouble for five years, had three
USa* t^Mi operations and spent hundreds of dollars on doc-
tors and medicines but this did not cure mo
v^jr x^j u However, what doctors and medicines failed
f jjs to do, L.ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
t*r7^\ pound did- Twenty bottles restored me to per-
'f.5ZyZi£\ <•- "*W- * f ect health and I feel sure that had I known of ita
iP^sjJp.-Y value before, and let the doctors alone, I would
"*V \ have been spared all the pain and expense that
fruitless opera.pons cost me. If the women who are suffering, and
the doctors dol not help them, will try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound tnev W * 1 1 nofc disappointed with the results." —
Miss Clara M. 'Jlaussen, 1307 Penn St, Kansas C5ty, Ma
A _ m a a po P nE I T M *¦« cannot forthwith prodneo the original letters and »Igu*t ores of
V K II M II rtnTTe r<fiia«>al*l», whicl» wiU proTe tbeir »b*olut» genuineness.
OJUUU V JLjdi* E. nnkham aied. Co^ Ljnm, M»M.
ADyERTlS^^NTS.
p^^^^^jj^JP^pSS^s^SS^s^BBal^ffii^sWssBssBB^yJP^BBBSBSEcffiS^RaaH^^s^B
[gAA if? i An fn'ffjfi Wm For Infanta and Children.
I^HHl The Kind You Have
j?JB«^B^ffl| Always Bought
A\ r egetahle Pr cparationfor As- lM -
similatingilicFoodandScgula- \\m _. - i
lingthcStDn«chsa«lBowclsor Jj63XS tJlG f i
Promotes Digcslion.Cheerrur- || ff */ IJu
ness and Rest.Con tains neither n P rL JP p ¦
Opium.Morpliine nor >lincral. Ul # |\*\l/
T^ot "Narcotic. m ' MiWlH^
&ctpcgfOL£l*-SAMUELPITClBR ] -}M • \/\*^
yiix.Stnna, » | *S \J\ m
%im»e - ? II | II 1 ill
Ma^nmh,Sodct* j m I\ 111
I 1 /Qt Jl II qp
Aperfecl Remedy forConslipa- I I « [V U O U
Tion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea p I \fjf
Worms .Conwilsions .Feverish- %\ VT C^m fiirn**
ness and Loss of Sleep. 1 \}J\ UVuI
FacSimite Signature of if jj
1 Thirty Yparc
L _ _^J=rX^?J:-l— --J '« I I ¦ I I I J lUUlO
EXACT COPY OF WRAPPER. M Wjk 6® HjQ U RS H WQl
TMI CCHTaUX COMMMV. "«W TO«» CITV.
I AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY
Imtnecse Success of the First Production
in E>iKlish of the Famous Comic Opera
RASTELBINDER
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
I SAME PRICES 23c. SOc. 75c
Watch for "THE MESSENGER BOY"
i
[j General Manager.
"The Qreateit Stock Company Ever at
tli* Alcazar."
! . TO-NIGBCT— MATS. SAT. AND BUS.
i First San FrancUco Production of Clyde
> Fitch's Daring and Realistic Play,
| The Way of the World.
The Automobile Scene! The Society Blusi-
• ealo! The Christening! Election Night in
Madison Square'. As given for 200 nights at
the Savoy Theater, New York.
' Ev?s. 25c to TV; Mats. Sat. and Sun., 25c to 50c
! NEXT MOX.— H. V. Esmond's Best Comedy.
! THE WH.DEB-2TESS
As played by Miller and Anelln.
' Market Street. Near Eighth. ..Phone South 633
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
' '" CHAMPION OP THB WOBLD
| JAMES J. JEFFRIES
Supported by the Central Theater Stock Com-
pany in Frank Mayo'w Frontier Play.
I "DAVY CROCKETT" |
DDTOIXJ EVENINGS lOo to 5Oo
nUUllO MATINEES...... 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c
SEE
Three • rounds of boxing: between JAMES J.
JEFFRIES and JOE KENNEDY.
October 24 — PAUL. KAUVAR. -V" J: j
r-CALIFORNIA-N
AZiXi THIS WSSX
HOTTS
A TEXAS STEER
Absolutely t^e Best Cast Sine* the
Original Production.
WILL. H. BRAT In hla original role
of the Darkey Politician. HARRY B.
KMERY as Brander. MAT L. STOCK-
TON as "Bossy." And twenty others.
Including the famous-
TEXAS STEER QUARTET.
NEXT SUNDAT— The popular Ger-
man Comedians. MASON and MASON,
as the Bunrlar and the Deteetlv» i»
Mark Swan's latest musical farce.
; ' FRITZ AND 8XITZ.
Last Appearance of
f ;. j THE GEBMAH COMEDIANS
And Last Times of
"DOWN THE LINE"
By Howard Jacot.
JA Peerless Burlesque Admirably Bung and
Acted.
GORGEOUSLY MOUNTED.
Ei tb teen Actual Novelties.
Nights 25c. 5Oe. 75c
Saturday and Sucday Matinees 23c. Ofla
i Children at Matinee* ..10c and 2Se
0
Palace DWT rAIL T0
1 U1UWV gee % beantifal
—.4 COURT Lounging
2flfl- room, the BMPIRS
uuw - PARLOR, the
a~ n ~A PALM ROOM, Um
Grand
I Hotels il^ WRn?> ' 0
weeE call
16 Pages. Slpcr Ycap
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Liebig Company's
great grazing farms in Uru-
guay cover 1,100 square
miles, -where 145,000 \ cattle
fatten. It is by far the lar-
gest company in the world
making concentrated beef
foods only, and the principal
product of this immense
factory is . the world known
blue signature brand,
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perrin
| Gloves
C A wearer of Perrin
gloves never, even
with brand new ones,
has the feeling of be-
j .ing awkward and "all
j hands," because Perrin
1 gloves fit as well as the
\ skin beneath, giving
perfect freedom of
motion, with neat,
trim and modish ap-
pearance.
Sole depot for
.' ¦ Women's and Children's GIovm at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary: Street and Grant Avenue
dtra'« Perrin Gloves at all Stores.
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
16 A GRS.IT KESTOKATIVJC. l.NViiiOAA-
tor ard Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexs*.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. • Sells on Ita own tasrtta.
< NABER. ALFB * BRUNE. Agents.
K«. Market «t.. 8.F. — ISend for Circular*. >
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
, : 7BBSS AND SAI.T XSATS.
FAS hftVI«'S ir Ci\ Shipping Butchers, 108
JAj» DUIEj a Ul. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
&S1XT. HOOPS AJTD SXYUOHTS.
All kinds repaired.' Globe Sheet Metal Works.
1176-1178 Mission st. Phone Main MSI.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELLIS.
- -418 Front St.. S. F.: Phone Main 1719.
PBJLHTlNOr. .
E. C. HHUGES, j : B u - : «SSS?g-i. f.ARRIVED.
Monday, October 17.
Schr Halcyon, McDonald, 10 days from
Grays Harbor. . ¦
SAILED.
Monday/ October 17.".
• Stmr Lakme, . Chrlstensen, . ; Eureka, with"
scbr-VIn* In. tow. . ¦
Schr, Vine. Anderson, Eureka, In tow'stmr
Lakme. " V . . ,- ! ¦
OUTSIDE "BOUND IN...
12. midnlcht— Bktn ' Gardner City; . echr Se
ouola. '•"'."
Oarsmen May Form an Associatlc.:.
At a meeting last night of the oars
men of the DolDhln, Aerial, South End
and Alameda boating clubs a resolution i
was adopted to withdraw from the Pa
cific Amateur Athletic Association
and form an , association of
their own which will . bring to
gether the oarsmen of the_ Pa
cific. Coast. Each club. will send three
delegates with credentials and proper
power to act to the Initial meeting to be]
held at the Dolphin boat house on No-i
vember 14. These delegates will repre-j
sent their club until the association fat .
formed.. " Jj
IiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
W. A. Clark Jr. Buys Breeding Farm.
MISSOULA, Mont., Oct. 17.^ — It is
said by persons close to him that Wil
liam A. Clark Jr., youngest son of
Senator William A. Clark, has com
pleted negotiations for the purchase
of the famous Bitter Root breeding
farm of the late Marcus Daly.
Chile and Bolivia at Peace.
, SANTIAGO DE .CHILE, Oct. 17.— A
treaty of peace between Chile" and
Bolivia was signed to-day.
LISBON, Oct. 17. — The Portuguese
Cabinet has resigned. It is said that
King Charles declined to adjourn Par
liament at the request of Premier Rle
beiro, who ' requested that such ac
tion be taken In order that the Gov
ernment might consider plans for a
punitive expedition against the Guan
hamas and other matters of moment.
When his Majesty refused the Premier
notified him of the collective resigna
tion of the Cabinet. v
PORTUGUESE CABINET
RESIGNS IN A HUFF
Dan Patch, the champion pacer, is
here and /will be sent against time be
fore the meeting closes. Lou Dillon
and; Major Delmar also will be given
trials against their previous records.
MEMPHIS. Oct. 17. — The fall
meeting of the Memphis Driving Park
Association will begin to-morrow. On
the opening day Lou Dillon and Ma
jor Delmar will compete for the
Memphis gold cup. Trophies have
been won each by E. E. Smathers of
New York and C.K.G. Billings of
Chicago, and the successful driver to
morrow will permanently retain the
trophy.
Lou Dillon .and Major Delmar to
Compete for the Gold
Cnp.V "'¦"•""
CHAMPION TROTTERS TO MEET
OX MEMPIIIS ' TRACK TO-DAY
. Sixth , race, five and a half furlonss — Robin
Hood won. Otto Stlfel second, Condon third.
Time. 1:OC%.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Oct. 17. — Elm
Ridge Summary:
First race, one mile — Bluegrass Girl won.
Inquisitive Girl second. Ben Haywood third.
Time. l:42*i.
Second race, one and an eighth miles — Elle
won. BuKle Horn second. Golden Mineral third.
Time, 1 :53.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Arby
Van won. Padre second, Fleetwood third. Time,
1:08%.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Devout won.
Tom Shelly second, Tyrolean third. Time, 1:14.
'Fifth race, one mile — Rough and Tumble
won. Easy Street second, Hans Wagner third.
Time. 1:42.
Resnlts at Knnsas City.
' Two recruit* of the Seventy-seventh
Coast Artillery, stationed at Fort War
ren in Boston harbor, 'Fred Watson
and Eugene Bennett, each 21 years
old, are held by the Back Bay police,
charged with the murder. Watson and
Bennett enlisted in New York on
September 8.
BOSTON, Oct. 17. — Larkin Wyman
Hall, 38 years old, who had a millin
ery establishment here, was stabbed
to death with a Japanese saber, .one
of his curios used as a wall decora
tion, in his apartments about mid
night last night.
The delegates to the Pacific States
Lawn Tennis Association held their
annual meeting for the election of offi
cers last night. W. S. MacGavin, pres
ident of the California Tennis Club
and the father of tennis on the coast,
was elected president. Percy Mur
dock of Alameda was elected vice
president and Dr. Sumner Hardy will
succeed himself as secretary-treasurer.
The delegates present were Dr. Sum
ner Hardy, C. G. Kuehn and Grant
Smith from the Calif ornie Club; C. S.
Gayness from the Golden Gate Club
and President Brady. R. N. Whitney
of the Golden Gate Club, Percy Mur
dock of the Alameda Club and Mr.
Hodgkins of the Stockton Club were
absent. The delegates decided that in
future championship events an admis
sion fee will be charged spectators. No
club in future will be allowed to hold
a championship tournament -without
a written sanction from the secretary
ot the association. The California Club
is entitled to a fourth delegate to the
association and he will be elected at
the meeting of the Board of Directors,
which will be held at the" club to
night ~
Tenni s 3Ien- Elect Officers.
STABBED WITH JAPANESE
SABER HE KEPT AS A CURIO
William Rowlands, 145 Tehama
street, was knocked down by a
westbound Market-street car at Mar
ket and Second streets last night, and
seriously injured. Kenny was crossing
the street and failed to hear the ap
proach of the car until too late. A
passing chauffeur offered his auto to
convey the injured man to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital and no time
was lost in making the trip. Upon
examination it was found that Kenny
bad sustained extensive lacerated
wounds of the scalp, a possible frac
ture of the skull and several broken
ribs. . He remains in an unconscious
condition and may succumb to his in
juries.
John J. Quinn, a member of Truck
Company I, at 22 O'Farrell. street,
while attempting to board a Folsom
street car at Folsom and Second
streets, fell and fractured both bones
of ¦ the forearm. He was treated at
the . Central Emergency Hospital by
Dr. Herzog. ¦¦
John Tambornirio of 203 Natoma
street was struck by a westbound
Market-street car at the corner of
Grant avenue and sustained a lacer
ated ' wound of the scalp and a con
tusion, of the thigh. He was als»«
treated at the hospital by . Dr. Herzog.
:'}¦ A delivery wagon, driven by Michael
Radovich was struck by ' a car_ of
the ' Polk-street ,line at California arid
Polk streets last night. Radovich
was hurled to the pavement and ren
dered unconscious. He «¦ was, removed
to the Mary Patton Hospital. His
condition is serious: George Berry,
the ' motorman of , the car, was ar
rested.
William Rowlands Knocked Down on
Market Street and Car Strikes
Wagon on Polk Street.
STREET CARS ARE . CAUSE
OF INJURIES TO FOUR
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, purse —
Reckoner 98. Jlngler 98, Bard of Avon 98, Ra
bunta 08. Glenwood 101, Wing Dance 103, Par
amount 103, Prosador lOfi.
Fifth race. Cvs furlongs, purse — Broadway
Girt 100. Subtle ICO. Peach Bloom 100. Float
About 100. Slss Lee 100. Ansalotta 103, Jade
103. Monte 108. The Belle 110. Fiaxman 113.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, purse —
Little Elkin 98. Lou Woods 08. Scortic 93.
O'Hagren 98. Barkelmore 101. Clausus 104, Ben
Chance 106. The Way 106. Carat 106.
Fourth race, one mile, purse — Lissardo 95,
Bernice 95, Silvermeade 95, Friendless 95, KII5
95, Emperor of India 05. Floral King 98, Tri
umvir 99, New Mown Hay 09, Brancas 110,
Shawana 107.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at "Worth fol
low:
First race, six furlongs, purse — Pancreatls
100, Peggy Mine 100, Captain Neroth 104, Lou
M 104. Green Gown 104, Dundall 105, Bonnie
Prince Charlie 105, Dixelle 105, The Gadfly 107.
Bishop Poole 107. Harpoon 106. Logistilla. 109,
Presentiment 111, Proprietor 112.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Wine Sap 114. Julia Junkin 114. Bonnlelltha
114. Flying Girl 114. Angelo 114. I. Samelson
117. Tlllo 119. Goodman 119. Hudson 119.
Flaunt 119, Mattie Spencer 119, Tom May bin
122, The Musketeer 122, Jove 122. W. J. Deboe
127.
Sixth race, six furlongs, maiden* — Bill Bai
ley II 112. Yorkshire Lad 112. Light Note 112.
Black Prince 112. Judas 112. Yeoman 112,
Hawley 112. Only One 112. Goldfleur 105. Su
preme Court 105. Roderick Dhu 105. Kassll 105.
Salt and Pepper 105. -Witch Hazel 105. Sumatra
105 My Beula 105, Ascot Belle 105.
Fifth race, .six furlongs, selling — Parkville
116, Topic 112. Toi San 107. Trouville 106. Pen
taur 106. Knob Hampton 10C, Revane 109, Va
gary 105, Olaf 105. Missing Link 104, Conceit
103, Pique 103. Dukedom 103. Rudabek 103,
Fickle ia # (, Rosa Dlnham 103. Viona 103, Bally
Castle 103. Fcrnrock 110. Juvenal Maxim 101.
Allinda OS, Soufriere 09, Bouvier OS, Funny
Side 06.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Jamaica fol
low:
First race, six furlongs, handicap— Waterside
120. Chrysitls lift. Flyback 115. Cairngorm
110. Bank 103, Voladay 102. Clover Hampton
100. Gold Rose 100. Fleur de Marie 100, King
Cole 99, Merry Lark 97. Mirthless 07.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Charles Elwood 126, Sidney C. Love 108,
Lord Badge 107. Sals 103. Stolen Moments 100.
Latheron 09. Homestead 09. Dimple 08, Reveille
92. Ascetic 01, Champlain 07.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap—Rapid Water 126. Mabel Richardson
118, Hello 113, War Whoop 112, James F 116,
Proceeds 103. Brigand 9S.
Fourth race six furlongs, the Huntington.
selling— Et Tu Brute 106. Scotch Flume 103.
Little Em lO.'!, Seymour 103, Mone 10.1, Gre
nade 108, Auditor 100, Missing Link 05.
WORTH ENTRIES.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17. — Ike Butler,
for two seasons a member of the Port
land Browns' pitching staff, has been
regularly appointed manager of the
team to succeed Dugdale, resigned.
Already the following changes have
been made:
Men released — Rockenfleld, Hogg:,
Stanley, Starkells and possibly Roach.
Men signed — Iberg and Steelman
and possibly Joe- Fay.
Former Pitcher of Browns Now Man
ager of Team.
BUTLER SUCCEEDS DUGDALE.
CRAZED LIEUTENANT KILLS
AN OFFICER AND HI3ISELF
MAXILA, Oct. 17. — Lieutenant Wil
liam E>. Pritchard, in a fit of insanity,
has shot and killed Second Lieutenant
Fred L. Deen. He then shot and killed
himself. Both of the officers were at
tached to the Thirteenth Regiment of
United States Cavalry, stationed at
Camp Stotsenberg.
First race — Fleur do Marie, Gold
Rose, Thomas entry*
Second race — Ascetic, Sidney C.
Love, Champlain.
Third race — Rapid Water, Mabel
Richardson, War Whoop.
Fourth race — Scotch Plume, Gren
ade, Uttle Em. fT-.
Fiftli race— Rudabek, Viona, Roslc
Dlnhaxa.
Sixth race — Yeoman, Ascot Bell,
Bill Bailey II.
Condition of the track — Fast.
FOURTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
selling: three-year-olda and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Royalty. 104 (Sherwood) 4 3^11
30 to 1— Dutiful. 102 (Treubel).. 6 112 1
11 to 1— Jim Hale, 100 (Domlnick) 12 2 3 1
Time. 1-45 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. Green's b. g. (5) by Cavali*r-
Empress of Norfolk. Arab 99, Easy Trade t>9,
Dod Anderson 99. Jigger 99, Ethel Scruggs 106.
Harney 107. Voila 94, King's Court 104,
Tracy 10b, finished as named. Lissardo 103,
fell.
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse: all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Nannie Hodge. 101 (Nlcol) 2 3 2 11
7 to 1 — Gold Enamel,S2 (WIshard) 8 7 12 3
6tol— Golden Rule, 114 (Prior). 6 4 2 3h
Time, 1:06 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. f. (3) by
RossinRton-Mrs. Lane. Don Domo 104. Allbert
101, Capltano 82. Scorpio 113, Gus .Heidorn
100, Monls 97. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Bettlntr. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Cutter. 114 (Treubel) 7* 1 5 15
5 to 1— Simplicity. 99 (Shaver). 6 2^25
60 to 1— Sparkling. 1C0 (Robbins) 9 4 13 1
Time, 1:00 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. B. A. Wernberg's b. f. by Gotham-
Kenmore Queen. Lady Wllmot 106. Janeta 106,
Sans Couer 106. Ethel Barrymore 99. Broad
way Girl 90, Mon Amour 09, Lady Lasca ,99,
Rose Mary Kane 99, Miss Gunn 99, Kitty
Hoark 10ti. Hattie Weihe 09, finished as named.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Presentiment, Proprie
tor. Dundall.
Second race — W. J. Deboe, The
aiusketeer, Angelo.
Third race — Carat, Little Elkin,
The AVay.
Fourth race — Brancas, SUanana,
Floral Kins.
Fifth race— Jade, The Belle, Flax
man.
Sixth race — Jingier, Glenwood, Ra
bunta.
Condition of the track — Fast.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
SIXTH R.ACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
purse; for maiden two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1 — Tide, 107 (Phillips) 1 15 12
e to 6 — Waterpansy.107 (Lyne) 2 3 5 2 10
11 to 10— B. Crocket, 107 (Helton) 4 4 3 10
Time, 1 :48 1-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. J. S. Hays' b. S- by Hollander-Ebb
tide. Trouville also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlonr»«
two-year-olds: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. V. Fl»,
3 to 5— Edith May. 90 (Dlckson) 4 12 1 ?. ¦
6 to 1— Terns Rod. 00 (Rice) 2 3 3 2 'A
2tol— Braden, 110 (D. Austin). 5 2h 3K
Time. J :21. Start good. Won easily. WIk.
ner. C. E. Burnett's br. f. by Irigoldsby-A/ d .
mittance. Eduardo 92. Jungle Imp 93, fj£,
nalssance 90, finished aa named. I
FOURTH RACE — Six fnrlongs; thre»-y/, r ,
olds : j
Betting. Hors* Weight. Jockey. St. % Jh«
2 to 1— Fol. Bergeres. 99 (Astn) 3 13 im
15 to 1 — Mis« Betty. 105 (Munro) 6 8 1 i •»
30 to 1— Rach. Ward. 101 (Hwell) 1 4 n 3 „
Time. 1:14^4. Start good. Won t ft3 ji y
Winner, E. S. Gardner's b. f. by Hi n yar*
Frogmore. Ingolthrlft 104. Flori 07. 1 F*ellx
Mozzes 100. Montpelier 105, finished as 1 I irni >,i.
FIFTH RACE: — One mile and seventy Lards
four-year-olds and up: I *
Betting. Horse. Weight Jcckey. St. % I -pi
12 to 1— Noweta. 95 (J.Hnnessy) 7 2 :/ { £
5 to 1— J. Cantrill 107 'Austin) S 4 I i „
17 to 1— Second Mate, 1C3 (Dgn) 4 5 I Jv
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won fcrivtnff
Winner. TV. W. Fawcett's b. m. (4) If' «„;
mence-Bettie Barry. Tribes 97. St./ d-.ui
105. Hook Se Oka 95. Dr. Rile? 102. ft
105, Orpheuzn 1C5. finished as Ajimed/^' " ow *
SIXTH RACE— One and aa '^iih tailem
three-year-olds and up: f a mue "»
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey St Iv v\n.
3tol — Bengal 97 (S. Dlckson) 1 ( Ii \ lit
4tol — Pierce J, 105 (Post) ft*!! oil
lOtol — Frank Rice. 10O (Rice). Se/^TL •> ?
Time. 1:554. Start good. VT L drlvin*
Winner, C. E. Bennett & Co.'s CJ* (7) br
Ben Strome-Bfgum. Miss Eon Vno r>- n ™
mond 102. Dawion 102. Barca 105? j£Zi W r<vi
cock 07. Alice Turner 97. finished as namedT"
DEtiMAR SELECTIONS.
First race— Imboden, M.odoc, Gold
en LJ^ht.
Second race — Argosy, Passive, By
i>tay.
Third race — Bob Curl, Matt wad-
Iei<;h, llandzarra.
Fourth race — Comnn^jore, Hayes*
best, Gay's best.
Fifth race — Aden, F'^ra willonsh
by, Lady Stratlimore. f
Sixth race — Oudenar de , Avoid, Min
dora.
Condition of the tra ck— Fast.
DELMAR Entries.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 17 — The entries for
the races to-morrow at Delmar track
follow :
First race, mile and s» l^enty yards, selling—
Golden Light 107 Roge i SmUh m nanquet
V& 4? le V, C ,'' ££ pt ?£, Gaston 107. Imboden
2 Ule n Bu^ tt TJ 0O -«£ a P r yn L IW. Preventa-
SKi'ftnSf 98 - /«*• «• «»»* 95 -
Third race, nve and l a half furlongs. «elUn*
17 H ? T n i5£ rr ? }3--^-°u fMankins 110, Sir Fran
cis II 108. Lady Walt l^os. Klowa Chief 103.
Rhyme and K<?ason ¦ Essayer 105 Sweet
rJ£?£ V« C 't, 8I:C t l»l<»*». handIcap-Ct>m
moaore l-o ICe > later lift Malt«ta_ 11<*
Footlights Favorite 1% er M iJJ da *$!? bJiJSJ
aid^Mfltst^Gay' fe footlights Favorif
£» ? rtl c:t™ m m« f 1 * 101 - Flora "Wmou*hbT
i Y y ol ? k M - Pmochle 9«. Free Ad
w ?? ?*°A ™n? /Cochrane 93. Taby Tosa 9S.
Sixth race, mile f and 8eV enty yards, selling—
Sambo 114. Beh L ve 107 AV( * d ja7r0r.de-
105 - John " 102. Albany
Check Morgan 8| FecUn 93. Lemon Girl 93^
GUNTHER TfeALISSE-rZTh. case of
to bribe D. J fV eUyi a Juror at tiM trlaJ o£
Nguen Lun iorfc, ura >r. was set for trial yes
terday. Owing l to the jii ne99 of Judge Burnett
of Santa Rcsa | wn <> is to preside at the trial,
the caso was »oriunued until November 14.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
7 to 5 — Juvenaga,102 (Crlmmns). 3 13 1%
5 to 1— Monacodor.101 (Travers). 4 5 1 2h
S to 1— R.L.Johnston.100 (Hldbd) 2 3^34
Time, 1:13 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. A. J. Goldsborough's c. g. by Juve
nal-UnadaRa. Niblick. Foxy, High Life, Goto
win, Winchester, The Chanticleer, Gold Fleur,
Dan K, Ralbert also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
the Pierrepont handicap for all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Dol. Spanker. 113 (Redfern) 5 4 3 1 Wt
5 to 1— Ormond.Right,U0 (Lyne) 1 3 % 2 1%
5 to 2— McChesney, 124 (CNeil). 2 5 3 1%
Time. 1 :83 2-6. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, R. T. Wilton's b. g. by Kingston-
Lady Gay, Sonoma Belle, Mlneola also ran.
Dowling, right end; Pratt, right
tackle; Seeley, right guard; Grieves,
center; Ross, left guard; Carlson, left
tackle; Jordan, left end; Kerrigan,
quarterback; Horan,' right half; Dolph,
left half; Northrup, fullback.
Coach Hopper to-day announced that
the line-up to-morrow would be as fol
lows:
Centers, Stroud and Taylor; guards,
Sterns, Gray, Haffey and Reed; tack
les, Heltmuller, Force, Howard, Sea
bury; ends, Howard, Henry, Oliver, El
liott; quarterbacks, Kittrelle, De Ar
mond; left half, White, Mead; right
half, Kearns, Graves; fullbacks. Mas
ter, Boynton.
It will be seen that Sperry is not in
the list. He needs rest. The men will
be alternated in the game, though Cap
tain Stroud probably will play through
out. . '
The Multnomah team has been weak
ened by the injury which Coates, the
fullback, sustained in the game with
Stanford. Northrop will take his place.
The Multnomah line-up will be as fol
lows:
BERKELEY, Oct. 17.— Because'' of the
"line" it will give on the California
varsity team, the game to-morrow
with Multnomah is attracting more
than usual interest. It will be played
on the campus.
The men from Oregon gave the Stan
ford eleven a surprise last week when
they held down the Cardinals to a 0-0
score. Should California best the
Multnomah team, supporters of the
blue and gold will have added confi
dence In the varsity eleven's ability to
down the Stanford men In the big game
on November 12.
To complicate matters George says
that he is satisfied another man
stole the crock.
George Schmitz was released from
custody late last night. Captain Bur
nett does not believe he is the thief.
When George was arrested Friday
night he was taken before Captain
Burnett and on being questioned said
he would show the officers where the
coin was ' hidden. On Saturday he
went with them to the shop of E.
Livermore, painter, 2529 Mission
street, where he is employed, and, go
ing to an outhouse, produced a sack
containing $34 5. He said he had
grot the money from his mother on
Wednesday night, as it was his own
savings. To the surprise of the of
ficers he denied having taken the
crock containing the $11,080, saying
that he thought they meant all the
time the $345.
Captain Burnett said yesterday he
had learned that George's mother was
averse to any prosecution of her son
and she thinks that throusrh her In
fluence the father will relent.
William Schmitz, the aged painter
of 741 O'Farrell street, is still mourn
ing the loss of the crock containing
Jll.OSO. which was stolen from its
hidiiier-place in the cellar of his house
la« Wednesday night, as told exclu
sively in yesterday's Call. He is very
bitter against his son, George W.
Schmitz, aa he is positive in his be
lief that George knows where the
money can be found.
Mr. Shortridge said that he would
produce his client In court this morn
ing and argue the motion for the re
duction of ball. He and Mr. West also
informed the United States Marshal
that they would produce the defend
ants at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon,
but 4 o'clock came and slipped by and
the defendants did not appear.
Eca da Silva is in hiding. Lee Toy,
his alleged partner in the illicit Im
portation of Chinese women, cannot
be found. United States Marshal
Shine and his deputies have been
hunting for the pair in all the China
town resorts since Saturday. The miss
ing men were indicted by the Fed
eral Grand Jury at half-past 2 o'clock
last Friday afternoon and a bench
warrant was immediately issued by
United States District Judge de Ha
ven commanding the Marshal to arrest
the accused forthwith and bring them
before the court. The warrant was
sent to the Marshal's office imme
diately after its issuance.
Marshal Shine last Saturday called
upon Thomas G. West, attorney for Da
Silva, but Mr. West was unable to give
any clew as to the whereabouts of his
client. The Marshal thereupon hid
Deputy Dingley in Mr. West's office to
receive Mr. da Silva should he come.
But he did not come. The search was
continued on Sunday and yesterday,
with no better result. Both men are
under S5000 bonds each to answer to
a former indictment, the bondsmen
being a surety company. •
Samuel M. Shortridge, attorney for
Lee Toy, appeared before Judge de
Haven yesterday morning and asked
that the bail be reduced dn the new
indictment. He frankly admitted
that he did not think that his client
and Da Silva could furnish $10,000 ad
ditional bonds. Judge de Haven as
frankly stated that he could not con
sider an application for reduction of
bail so long as the defendants were
not present in court Then the court
adjourned and the Judge went whist
ling down the corridor homeward
bound.
SEATTLE, Oct. 17. — There was no
excuse for the weird exhibition of I
fielding that Seattle put up to-day.
The players simply threw the ball to
the corners of the field, allowing Los
Angeles to win as she pleased after
the sixth inning. Baum pitched fine
ball and. was well supported. In fact
Baum was responsible for every run
Seattle got. Williams' pitching was
marred by indecision in plays that
came his way. Los Angeles stole bases
at will. The score:
SeatU- — Los Angeles —
AB. R. H, P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
VnHn. cf 4 0 2 1 0 Bmrd.cf 4 2 3 6 0
Mhler.Zb 3 0 13 4 Chase.2b 4 0 0 11
Bnksp,3b 4 0 0 0 0 J.Smh,3b 5 2 2 1 2
Frisk. If 3 0 2 2 0 Crvath.rf 4 2 0 11
Leahy, c 4 0 0 7 3 Brshr, lb 5 1 1 8 1
H.Smh,rf 4 0 0 3 0-Tomn. ss S 1 1 2 3
n.Hall.ss 4 1112 Ross, If 3 0 0 2 0
Wllms, p 4 1 1 0 6 Spies, c 4 1 2 7 0
G.Hall.lb 2 1 0 10 1 Baum, p 4 0 1 0 1
Total*. 3'2 3 7 27 15 Totals.38 9 10 27 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 0 04001 020—7
Los Angeles 1 0 2 0 0 2 11 2 — 9
Base hits 2 1 2 0 0 0 3 1 1—10
SUMMART.
Errors— Mohler, Blankenshlp (2), Leahy (2),
C. Hall, Baum. Stolen bases— Frisk, Toman,
J. Smith. Cravath (2). Bernard. Sacrifice
hits — C. Hall, Chase, Ross. Two-base hits-
Frisk. J. Smith, Spies. Bases on balls — Off
Williams 2, off Baum 2. Struck out — By Wil
liams 7, by Baum C. Passed ball — Leahy. Wild
pitch — Williams. Time of game — Two hours
and 2 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; all
ages:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Cloten. 106 (Wonderly).. 8 6 1 1 h
18 to 5— Reliable, 134 (Redfern). 1 1 1 2n
5 to 1 — Damon. OS (W. Davis) . . 5 4 h 3 %
Time, 1:13 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winffer, J. E. Seagram's ch. g. by Hazel
Hatch-Cymbeline. Race King, Crown Prlnc«,
Invisible. Ancestor, Mamie Worth, Osgood,
finished as named.
Multnomah Football Team
Goes on Gridiron To-Day
Against California Boys
Los Angeles Pitcher Serves
Seattle Braves With a Hot
Assortment of the Goods
Police Unable to Discover
Trace of Schmitz's Stolen
Crock Containing $11,080
])a Silva Also Keeps Under
Cover From Deputies Who
Want to Apprehend Him
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles:
handicap; three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Miss Crawford. HWNlcol) ti 3 'i I 1
25 to 1— Gloriosa, 85 (WIshard).. 6 1 1 2 h
40 to 1— Idle, 87 (Fay) 2 6 V, 3 n
Time, 1:47 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Wlnnor. W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. t. (3) by
Tcnny-Flo II. Huzzah 99, Fossil 109, Ahola
94. Luralighter 95, finished as named.
WILL STRUGGLE
ON U. C. CAMPUS
STILL MOURNS
LOSS OF COIN
BAUM'S CURVES
FOOL SIWASHES
LEE TOY DODGES
MARSHAL SHINE
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling: three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
8 to 1— Sals, 100 (Burns) 2 2^13
3 to 2— Monster. 100 (W. Davis) 1 1 2 2 n
12 to 5— Gravina. 105 (Crlmmlns) 5 3 Y t 3 1%
Time. 1:48. Start fair. Won handily. Win r
ner. Mrs. J. Blute's b. c. by St. Blalse-Gen
tllity. Kamtor, Arachue. Silver Dream,
Waswift. M. F. Tarpey, Widow's Mite, finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
Bettirg. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
0 to 1 — Optional, 105 (Shaver).. 4 3 h 1 n
7 to 1— Glad Smile, 100 (Fay).. 5 13 22
16 to 1— Baywood. 107 (Harris).. 3 7 13 1
Time, 1:13. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. H. Dernham's ch. m. (5) by Albert-
Option. St. Paula 105. Federal 106. Julia M
ICtS, Peter J. Somers 107. Mlladl Love 107.
Beautiful and Best 10?, Louise Elston 110.
Merry Pioneer 107, Alllsta 107, Fromage de
Brie 110, also ran.
Willie Britt, brother and manager of
Jimmie, says: "Of course, Jimmie has
no snap, but he is going to fool a lot
of people who think he has no chance.
I don't think that Gans, clever as he is,
stands a chance with Jimmie at 133.
He can whip anybody at that weight."
Both the little fellows started at light
work yesterday. Seats for the go will
be on sale at Harry Corbett's on Oc
tober 25.
Gans is getting ready for the decisive
struggle over at Bill Shannon's villa,
in the Marin County hills. The brunette
boxer isn't saying much about any
thing but the proposition of making
weight. Concerning that all-important
subject, he says, "Easy."
Al Herford. the negro boy's manager,
is confident that Gans has the fight
pocketed on class, general appearances
and everything. The "dope" reads
Gans as loud as a fog horn, says Her
ford. The Britts are not doing any
loud elocution on the subject. "I know
Gans' reputation," says James, "but
I'll go right to him. I can't afford to
lose and I won't."
James Edward Britt crossed the pond
to Croll's Gardens, Alameda County,
yesterday and there pitched his tent to
prepare for the battle with Gans.
Frank Rafael, who will prepare Jimmie
for the war, accompanied the little
champion. Britt was as chipper as if
going to rehearse for a new melodrama
instead of getting into training for a
mix with the shiftiest man in the busi
ness.
Britt Goes to Alamcda to Get Ready
for Gans.
JAMAICA, Oct. 17. — With a warm
October sun diffusing life and health to
grateful thousands, fortune favored the
Metropolitan Jockey Club's fall open
ing to-day. The horses provided a sat
isfactory day's sport, excepting the
performance of Newton Bennington's
Blandy in the first race and the poor
handling of Water Pansy in the last
race.
The brilliant features of the day were
the track record victories of Dolly
Spanker. in the Pierrepont handicap
and the thrilling contest in the six-fur
long handicap, which was won by Clo
ten at 12 • to 1 by a head from E. R.
Thomas' Reliable, which, in spite of his
high impost of 134 pounds, struggled
all the way and finally went lame just
before the finish, which undoubtedly
cost him the race.
That the miserable race shown by
Blandy is not to go on record without
official scrutiny was made known dur
ing the afternoon, one of the stewards
stating that the colt's trainer F. Bur
lew, had been sent for, but the answer
came back to the officials that Burlew
was ill and could not appear. Rumors
all over the ground before the betting
began on the first race were to the ef
fect that Blandy had worked half a
mile in 48% seconds and many of the
big bettors backed the colt. In fact his
late races were so good that if he was
fit to race he should have won easily.
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1 — Trapper, 115 (Lyne) 5 3 2 12
13 to 5 — Water Light, 110 (Burns) 2 2 2 2 h
20 to 1 — Austin Allen, 115 (Odom) 1 6 1 3 h
Time, 1:08. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. W. H. Snyder's br. c. by Hastlngs-Tarpie.
Incense. Mirthless, Allumeur. Blandy, Priority,
Red Ruler, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The track was lightning fast and
some excellent contests were pulled off.
The weather was delightful and a large
crowd was present. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; purse; two
year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
11 to 2— K. of Troy, 108 (Mlnder)12 6 1%1 h
5 to 2— Ivan the Ter..lU8(Nlcol) 1 3^23
17 to 5— Col. Ruppert.llS(Trubel) 4 12 33
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, George Hendric's b. c. by Tlthonaa-
Vaieriana. Jake Sanders 108, Dixie Lad 100,
J. B. Smith 110, Palmtree 10S. Big Beach 108.
Waddell II 108, Vildo 107, Vonketel 1C8. Black
Dutch 108. Hut well 108, Harshman 105, fin
ished as named.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— Miss Crawford,
at 7 to 2, won the third and feature
race at Worth to-day handily, with
two long shots, Gloriosa, 25 to 1, and
Idle, 40 to 1, struggling for place
money. They finished in the order
named behind Miss Crawford.
"Boots" Durnell evidently tried to
make a "killing" with Gloriosa, which
was backed from 30 to 1 to 25. Unlike
her former races, she was sent right
to the front to-day and led all the way
to the stretch turn, where Miss Craw
ford skinned the rail and took com
mand. Glc-riosa, however, was game
to the last ounce and was only beaten
a length. Idle, which, to all appear
ances, was outclassed, came up with
a rush on the inside in the closing
strides and was only beaten a head for
place.
In the fourth race, won by Royalty,
Lissardo bolted over the inside rail at
the paddock gate and broke his neck.
Jockey Minder, who rode him, was un
injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the third round, forcing Bowker to
the ropes in an exciting rally, landing
his left and right effectively.
Bowker caught Neil a good one in
the fourth round, when he reached his
left eye with a swing, but Neil paid
little attention to the blow and plunged
in, mixing matters in a lively fashion.
BOWKER ON THE AGGRESSIVE.
Neil had the better of the fifth and
he had an apparent advantage up to
the ninth, when it appeared that he
had Bowker beaten. A. stiff left to the
face and a series of wallops seemed to
take the steam out of the Englishman,
but, although he appeared groggy,
Neil did not seem to have the punch to
knock him out. Several times he tried
hard to put his man away, but his
blows lacked force. Despite his severe
punishment, Bowker came back for the
tenth round in good shape. He imme
diately took the aggressive. Neil's ef
forts in the early rounds seemed to
have taken much of his steam. Bowker
broke through his guard a number of
times, . but when he landed his blows
had little of their original effect. Bow
ker did the best of his work in the
eleventh round. He landed a left-hand
uppercut that jarred Neil from head
to foot. Neil landed a feeble right on
the face, but in return was walloped
on the jaw.
He rushed Bowker and the latter
jabbed him with a straight left. Neil
now seemed satisfied with taking the'
defensive and throughout the remain
ing rounds he held the Englishman off
as best he could, coming back now and
then and scoring some, good wallops.
Neil was badly punished in the last
half of the battle, but stood it gamely.
SECOND RACE: — One mile and seventy
yards; four- year-olds and up:
Bettln*. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Lacache 95 (Howell).. 5 2 3 1 h
4 to 1— Jake Weber 102 (Munro) 7 3 1 2 H
15 to 1 — Geo. Vivian. 9O (Dckaon) 2 5^32
Time. 1:48. Start good. Won drlvlajf.
Winner. A. B. Maginnls & Co.'s ch. g. (4) by
John Cooper-White. Way. Hickory Corners DO.
Mint Bed 92, Murmur 00. Feronia 83. Littlf
Corker 104. Pepper Dick 102. Missile 110
finished as named. '
St. LOUIS, Oct. 17. — Only one fa
vorite. Edith May, at 3 to 5. won at
Delmar to-day, the long shots having
a field day. Follies Bergeres made a
show of her field in the feature. The
weather was clear and the track fast.
Attendance, 3000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlonCs;
maiden two-year-o!d3:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Triomphtress. ICO Hnsy) 5 2 3 12
15 to 1— Bessie Me. ICO (Head). ©4321
15tol — Aspatia. 95 (W. Blake). 7 12 3 B
Time. :57 Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. C. J. LaiiRfrled's blk. f. by Victory- La
Amo. Belle I 105 Kitty Belle Brooks lift.
Lady Sellers 65 Telephone- Eelle 85. Mary
Maud 1<*>. Pharmacy 10O. Stella M 105. Katie
Crews 105 Lady Gift luO. finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call
In the second round it was apparent
that Neil was on to Bowker's curves
and he started to cut a pace in an
effort to land a knockout. Neil con
tinued to land most effective blows in
Neil started off like a winner. It did
not take him long to get on to Bowker's
style. The latter began to dance away
and Neil at once began to force the
fighting. He went after the English
man and landed first with wallops on
the jaw with his right. Bowker stepped
lightly away, but before he pould get
set Neil crossed him with his left.
Bowker then got home a straight jab
to the face, which Neil didn't like. The
American retaliated with a right swing
on the neck and the pair clinched. They
exchanged some lively wallops at close
quarters, but Neil seined to have a
shade the better of it. \
NEIL'S WHIRLWIND START.
LONDON, Oct. 17. — Before the Na
tional Sporting Club to-night Joe
Bowker of England beat Frankie Neil
of San Francisco on points in a twenr
ty-round contest for the bantam
championship of the world. The con
test was for a purse of $2500. The
pugilists were in fine condition. The
Englishman was a slight favorite at
11 to 10, but Neil was well supported
by many Americans.
The early rounds were rather in the
American's favor and in the ninth
round he almost had Bowker beaten.
From that time forward Bowker
greatly improved and administered a
lot of punishment, which Neil sus
tained In plucky fashion. It was an
interesting fight throughout. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SELECTS CROLIi'S GARDENS.
"I know nothing of the truth of the
charges made against this man. but
I know that grave charges have been
made against him and It is the duty
of this board to refuse to grant this
permit without a thorough investiga
tion and exploitation of those charges."
Hocks said that he would vote for
the resolution because the entire Po
lice Committee had reported in favor
oi it. The vote on the passage of the
resolution follows:
Ayes— Alpers. Bent, Boxton. Eggers,
Finn. Hocks, Lunstedt, McClellan,
Rock, Sanderson (10); Noes— Booth,
Braunhart, Comte, Connor, Branden
eteln, D'Ancona, Payot (7).
The Lincoln Athletic Club obtained
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
by a vote of ten to seven adopted the
resolution granting the Shasta Ath
letic Club the professional boxing per
mit for October- When Mayor Schmitz
asked if any one objected to the adop
tion of the resolution Supervisors Con
nor, Braunhart and Diandenstein ex
pressed their objections rather vocifer
ously. Connor even objected to allow
ing T. P. O'Connor to be heard on
the matter, but on Supervisor Lun
etedt's motion O'Connor was permitted
to speak. O'Connor went into a bit of
nistory regarding the creation of the
Shasta Club in April, when it paid 51200
cs a yearly license. He argued that the
club was entitled to the October permit
according to the established custom.
Supervisor Brandenstein urged his as
sociates to vote against the resolution
and referred to the political scandals
involving Manager Coffroth. Branden
stein said:
an amateur boxing permit for October
26.
San Franciscan Loses Title
Britt Settles Down to Hard Work.
Gans Camp Is Confident.
Miss Crawford Beats Out
Gloriosa in Feature
Event at Worth.
Field Day for Long Shots
at Delmar—Only One
Favorite Lands.
Investigation to Follow the
Sudden Reversal of
Form by Blandy.
Cloten Defeats Thomas' Reliable
Shasta Club Granted Permit
Neil Is Outpointed by Joe
Bowker of England.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER IS, 1904.
GOOD DAY'S SPORT MARKS THE OPENING AT JAMAICA TRACK
¦¦ Gilt-edge deal : for. a wise' dealer— deal : in' Gilt
Edge ..Whiskey. • Wlchman."' Lutgen I- Co., 29-31
Battery. »t..* San Francisco. ••• ;. :¦ ' •-¦
Everything for an enjoyable evening
at home;^playing cards, card tables,
prizes, tally cards, "whist sets, game
sets.; Bicycle and Congress playing cards.
No such an assortment "elsewhere. San
born.', Vail " & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Card Parties.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISEASES
' Altoona, Pa., June 20, 1903.
I was a'^icted Tetter in bad shape.
It would appear in blotches as large as my
hand, a yellowish color, and scale off.
You cai| imagine how offensive it was.
For twe | ve years I was afflicted with this
trouble. < xt night it was a case of scratch
andma i,y times no rest at all. Seeing the
good t'te medicine was doing a friend
who w£s taking it for Eczema, I com-
mence*^ it, and as a result the eruption be-
gan to [dry up and disappear, and to-day
I am practically a well man. Only two
tiny s pota are left on the elbow and shin,
wherr^ ©nee the whole body was affected.
I ha% e every confidence in the medicine,
an " : feel sure that in a short time these
tw ® ) remaining spots will disappear.
S. S ; s. is certainly a great blood puri-
lfier,i an d has done me a world of good.
* a 'in grateful for what it has accom-
P\ : s hed, and trust that what I have said
]*p I lead others who are similarly afflict-
°d jto take the remedy and obtain tha
sasjie good results that I have.
425 East Fifth Ave. John P. Lbasl ;
washes, soaps, salves and powdera
re : tieve temporarily, they do not reach the
f^al cause of the disease. The blood must
3 i purified before the cure i3 permanent.
2 : .S.S. contains no potash, arsenic or min-
i <j ral of any description, but is guaranteed
I jCP^n rtff»i JSSk P nre *y vegetable.
1 ST 1 fiT 1 |( 1 on the skin and its
/ raa. Hk wL diseases, which u
i vM^ efer4W Rfcyif anv w^° w " te m
I The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a
ADVERTISEMENTS. >
jfJMBOlDTJ
||||| CIGARS *
pi||| Most Cigars
J|||||i after becoming
|8i|||i populardepreci-
Kfpi| ate in quality. In
mJ?§M ALEXANDER.
Sill HVMBOLDT
Illlll CIGARS
||J||lthe same high
|||pf|||l Cigar value of
BjS'fcsCT 4 \i7 t» r\ 4 v _ f i vp
Illllll years ago is pre-
|iyi|Sl served to-day.
KM^Sw POLJ) KVERYWniSRK.
tWji^J^IS All flffi, lOo. np.
%gg3§ujs MICKALITSCrlKEBROS&CO
jM$$l£SB& OlSTfttRUTORS-SANFRANOSCC.CAtFROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Starrer —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Publlsned by official atuhor.ty e? tbe
- - Scperintendcnt.
NOTE — Tbe bigb and Unr waters oecnr at
the city front lilisslcn-street wfcarO about »
minuted later than at Fort Point; the height'
of tide Is the same at both places. -
TUESDAY. OCTOBER IS.
Sua rises ............... — ..•,. 8:11
I San. sets ....••.••••••....«•»•••"•. I... .....5:28
1 Moon sets ........................0:54 a. m.
'• c- Time! ITImeJ jTfcner lTlmel
» ( Ft. I 1 Ft. ( ( Ft- ! Ft.
e L Wj |H W| 1L.WI - ]H W|
IS "olis 0.8i 8:02! 4.9'.1:3S 2.71 7:27| 4.2
18 1:42 l-0{ 8:41 5.0{ 2:23 2.2| 8:2«| 4-2
20 2:27 vl.2| 9:W! 5.213:00 1.9J 8:1». 4.4
SI 3;C5, XXA 0:45) '5.11 3:« "1.3(10:061 4.*
22 3:3St 1.3'l0:17{ 5.11 4:21 ,.l.l!l0:50f 4.8
23 4:13|; l.SilO:*2:« 5-l| 4:53 O.SiU:32| 4.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning : tides are given In toe . left •
hand column and the successive tides 1 of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: -the
fourth time column gtves : the last tide of the
day. exeept when there are kux. three tides, as
socistlsces occurs. Tbe heights • given • are tn '
addltien to tbe eoundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus 1— )
sign. precedes the height, and th«n the number
given Is- subtracted ¦ frets the depth givea by
the chart*. The plane of reference Is the meaa
of the lower low waters.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
, Steatner. . Destisation. I Sail*
HuisboWt.... Skayway & Way Portajoct. 1«
QcttageCIty.. Skagway & Way Ports.; Oct. 21
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. !Oct. 23
Santa Clara... 'Seldovla & Way Ports.. 'Soy. 1
Steatner. DeattaaUon. [ SaiU-j p\«-.
October 18. ~{" .
Coronado. . . Orays Harbor .... 4 pmfPler 10
Elisabeth.. CwjnUli- River .... 5 pm pie; 20
Coos Bay.. San Pedro t Way. 9 ajn Pier 11
Breakwater. Cocs Bay direct 5 pm Pi« r fi
i October 19. • j
G. Dollar...! Greys Harbor 4 pnijpier 20
Rainier.... Seattle *B*IInghm 4 pm' Pier 10
Amer. Mara China & Japan.... 1 ££ £51 12
G. W. Elder AstorU * Portland 11 am' Pier 24
Arctic Huaboldt 9 amlPier 3
S. Barbara-. Grays Harbor 4 pin Pier \
Ctlco....... Coqallte River .... 1 pmPier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l-30r>Pi«w- o
October 80. I
Eureka Humboldt 1 in pi» it
Northland.. Astoria * Portland 5 pm PSer 2T
Ventura.... Sydney 4 Way Pts. 2 p," ~'~
Marlposa... Tahiti direct U am Pier 7 '¦
Nlcaria Hambary * Way.. !0 am Pier 19
AUUnce..-- Eureka Sc Ccos B. ... ]w rr ]l
Potao .'• Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pi« °
State of Cal I San Diego A- Way. g im Pier 11
October 31. | ¦ m "* r ".
Arcata..... J Coos B. A Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Jeanie {Seattle * Tacoma. 5 pa'Pitr ->u
I . October 22. - 1
Anto !l» River Ports..-. 4 pmfPler 2
Cornea. '. Humboldt ........ .11 :."!o p!Pia r ft
B. Monica...' Loa Angeles Ports. (10 ampler "
!¦ J'cim Arena j Point Arena -.'.....I 4 pmtPier 2
! Bonita -Newport * Way... 9 amfPler 11
! Queen - Puget Eound Ports. 11 am.'Picr 9
City Peking. N. T. via. - Atcoa. 12 m|Pter 40
: Aurelia A'toria & Portland » pm Pier 27
October 23.
S. Ro«a..... Sae Diego & Way. 9 am P!er 11
Centralia... Grays Harbor.:..;. 4pm!Pl<r 10
N.'For*.... Hmcboldt ......'.;„ 9 am Pier 20
October 24.
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
y" v : October 25. - • .{.. .-,
Ctlna...... China & Japan.... 1 ptajPier 40
Algoa...... China & Ja&an... . ......{Pier 40
"T" October 27, "¦;:
City Puebla Pnget Sotmd Ports. 11' am Pl«r ¦ t
-¦¦.•-¦ October 23. ¦--¦:'-:-c'^--,\;-..
Newborg... j Gray* Harbor... r.. « prruPter 10-
Eequola Wtllapa Harbor...'. 4 pmjpier 20
Santa Rosa, for San Diego.-
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Oct 17 — Fr
bark Amlral Cecille. hence Oct 7, for Taeoma.
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 17. 11:10 a.
m. — Stmr Aberdeen, from Portland. Or., for
San Francisco.
Passed Cct 17. 1 p. m.— Stmr Despatch, from
Astoria, for San Francisco.
Passed in Oct 17. 2:50 p. m. — Stmr Signal,
from Coos Bav. for San Francisco. • _
PORT A.NGELES — Arrived Oct 17— Ital ship
Italia, from Hloto.
ROCHE HARBOR— Arrived 1 Oct : 17— Schr
Challenger. . henc* Sept 25. .
COOS BAT — Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr Arcata.
hence Oct 14.
REDONDO— Arrived Oet 17 — Stmr Georre
Loomls, hence Oct 15, and sailed for San
Francisco: ¦tmr James 8. Hlggtas. • and sailed
for San Pedro.
WINSLOW— Sailed Oct 17— Schr Endeavor,
for Everett. " " •'¦• * .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sall«d- Oct 16— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco. '3«BC0qBBMt
Arrived Oct 17 — Susr" Sam* "Monica, "hence
DOMESTIC PORTS
ST. MICHAELS— In port Oct 12— Stmr St
Paul, hence Sect 27.
SEATTLE— Oct 1«— Stmr Alkl. for Skag
way; stmr Santa Aca. fcr Valdez.
Arrived Oct 17 — Schr Emma Claudina, from
Nome.
Arrived Oct 17, 1:30 p m — Stmr Hambotdt.
from Skagway.
Sailed Oct 17 — Stmr Farallon, for Skagway.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence Oct IS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Whittler.
from Vancouver.
Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr Iaqua. hence Oct 15;
stm- Redcndo, bence Oct 14.
SAX PEDRO — Arrived Oct 16 — Stmr Homer,
hence Oct 14.
Sailed Oct 17— Schr Lacy, for Umpcjua; stmr
Bcnita. for San Francisco.
BALLARD — Arrived Oct It— Schr Ruth E.
Godfrey, from San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 17— Schr Snow Sc
Burgees from Nome, for Port Townsend.
Passed In Oct 17 — Stmr Olympic, hence Oct
14. for BelSngham.
Parsed cut Oct 17 — Schr John A. Cimpbey,
for San Fraccieco. Passed in Oct 17 — Schr
Oliver J. Olsen, for Ballard.
SAX DIEGO— Arrived Oct IT— Bktn J. L.
Evtston. from San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed Oct 17 — Btmr
TO SAIL.
Card Systems and Cabinets.
$?.00 buys a card index drawer, 509
rpcord cards and 25 guide cards. Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and good print
ing. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market St. •
ARRIVED.
Monday, October IT.
U S' stmr Logan. Etlnson, 32 days from
Manila, via N^gafakx 2S days, via Honolulu
a <U>-».
Etzrr F. A. Kilbura, Thompson, 7 hours from
F&rt Rsdiers.
Stmr Mandalay, Smith. 36 hours from Cres
cent City. _:....:
&iszt Brunswick, Eilefsen, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Francis H. Leggett. , Reiners. 45 hcurs
from S«n Peiiro.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. 24 hours from Kureka.
Slmr Saxst, Madsen, 15 hours frcm Cas
par, bound #«/uth. called in to lacd patsengers.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman. 42 hours from
Cocs Bay.
5tmx Poccna. Swanscn, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hansen, 73 hours from Co
lumbia River.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, 43 hour*
frotn San Diego and way ports.
fctmr Despatch. Leviason. 74 hours free
Astcrta.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles. 4 hours from HaU
mouB Eay.
Stmr £;gr»l. Eendegard, 70 hours frcm Cocs
Bay.
Bark Gatherer. Kelly. 17 days from Aiitak.
{Scar Sausalito. Dahloff. » days from Coos
Bay.
t?chr Mary C, Campbell. 8 hours from Bo
flfga:
CLEARED.
Monday, Octcber 17. '
Etirr Cboa Bay, Johnson. San Pedro, etc :
p C S S Co.
£tmr Cmatiila. Ncpander. Victoria, etc: P
CSS Co.
Brig LorUse. Forest, Altata, Mexico; Hick
mas & Masterscn.
Bark Homeward Bound, Thompson. Hull,
Esslasd; American Hop and Barley Co.
SAILED.
I Monday, October II.
! C S stmr Marblehead. Holmes. • Magdalena
1 B«r.
rt-r F. A. Kllburn. Thompson. Port Rodger*
Stmr Maggie. Earles. Half moon Bay.
ftnr Centralia. Erlckson. San Pedro.
Sunr Sanies. Madsen. San Pedro.
Stasr Umauna." Nbpaader, Victoria. B. C.
etc
Stmr Francis H. Leggett. Reinen. Eureka.
Etmr Scotia. Johnson. Bowens Lending. '
Staur Argyll. Gtlboy. Honolulu.
"Stmr Saa Pedro,' Rasmusaen. Eureka.
s;rr Scots Bay. Asderson. E-jreka.
Etmr Gualaia. Kalsls. Dels^ar.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct. 17. -10 p. m.— Weather
c>ar; wind NTV. velocity 6 miles per hoar. .,
SPOKEN.
Oct 18— Is Ut 8T 40 north, long 70 48 west,
ship Aryan. ~ from " Hocotuln, for ' Delaware
BreaJtwater.-pHfiBBHBiMttBB
MJECELLANTTOCS. \:
EEATTLE. Oct. 17.— Star • City of : . Topeka.
previously reported «onk here, was snrrsss '
fully Sooted ttie me mis g.
JsIIIPPJLNG IXTKLXJGEIVCE.
Liumber for Mexico.
The trigantine Lurllne was cleared yester
day fcr AUcta, Mexico, with bZCO feet of lum
ber and 12.743 bundles cf box shocks, valued
at il.:-4
A fire started in the cellar of the
Progress apartment-house, 1144 Sut
ter street, at noon yesterday. Fortu
nately it wa» brought under control
by the firemen,' who, by. cutting the
floor in the apartment of R. G. "Wilkie,
flooded the cellar with . streams of
water, eventually extinguishing the
fire, which caused about 110,000 dam
ages. The fire began in the accumu
lation of rubbish in the cellar, where
a light was left burning.- In the cellar
was also a lot of chemicals belonging
to Wakerlee's drug store, with combus
tible material belonging to Miss Hilda
Fecheimer, a • florist.
Cellar Fire on Sutter Street.
Th« fine facr-masted bark Addenda is
ashcre In PiH^er Bay, New Zealand, aboct
thinyiive miles scsthwest ci WeUingtoa. A
vessel/ was reported wrecked in that locality
Islmz yriiay. and iat*r it was known that see
«u the Addenda or this port. The vessel is
o*-fc.fcd by tit Elmpaoa Lumber Ocirpany of
t».n Franc isco and w-as en her way irom
Lytteitaa to Newcastle. Australia, when she
Bark Addenda Wrecked.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 17—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 66-48 New Orleans 78-68
Cincinnati 6»J-42 Plttsbur* 66-42
Chicago €S-5« Philadelphia 64-43
Jacksonville 7S-76 St. Louis 78-54
New York.... C2 -44, Washington 66-34
SAN FRANCISCO 7O-5S
The following are the s-eascnal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Las; This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Seaaon.
Eureka (O 4.34 3 25
Bed Bliff CO S.43 0.46
Sacramento 00 5.47 0.12
San Francisco ....... .00 ¦ 7.45 0.17
! Fr*sno 00 4.94 0.00
I Independencs W) 6.47 0.4?
i San Louis Obispo 00 . 4.53 0.C2
j L«r Angeles .CO 1.13 0.43
t San nitgn .00 0.1S 0.07
COAST RECORD.
3 Sg 53 %\ «
6TAT1ON3. I *>% %%ll %- I
MM \-~'%
Baker S0.40 45 32 SB Cloudy .CO
Carson 30.35 52 20 NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.30 52 42 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 80.13 *A 42 NTT Clear .00
1 Flagstaff 3O.00 2« NW Clear .00
Pocawilo 30.3S 42 32 E Clear .34
I Independence .3O.2O Gl 42 NW Clear .0O
j Los Angeles.. 29. 93 &$ 58 NW Clear .00
1 Mt Tamalpais. 30. 23 «il 46 NW Clear .00
! North Head... 30. 26 54 4« S Cloudy .00
Phneaix 29. 58 S»i 52 6W Clear .00
Point Reyes... 30. 18 64 54 NTV Pt.C.dy .00
Portland 30.29 6<S 4* N"W Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 30.13 6S 46 N Pt.Cldy .00
Ro«eburg 30.32 CO 40 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.18 €S 43 NW Cl-ear .00
S«.lt Lake S0.3« 42 32 S Cloudy .26
fan Francisco. 30. 20 TO 58 W Clear .00
San U Obtspo.30.u8 7<i 5(J N Pt.Cldy .CO
San Diego 29.94 «4 5« NW Clear .00
Seattle S0.2S 56 44 S Cloudy .00
SrE. FaraUon. 30.19 61 57 NW Pt.Cldy .CO
Spokane 30. »S 52 32 S Pt.Cldy .00
Tatocsh 30.14 54 4S S Cloudy .i«>
I WaUa WalU. .30.^4 58 42 NW Pt.Cldy .CO
Winnemucca .5O.42 50 2< SW Clear .00
Tuma 2».a« 7$ €0 N Clear -0<>
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Pleasant w»ather has prevailed throughout
California during the last twenty-four hours.
Snow is falling in the Rocky Mountain region.
and E&st-bound travelers may expect cooler
weather in Utah. Wyoming and . Colorado.
Warm weather prevails at Los Angeles and
southward, afternoon temperatures reaching
fS degrees.
At Tuina th* wlr.d is blowing from the north
with a maximum -*«locUy cf 3S miles per hour.
Forecast made at San Francisco and vicinity
fcr thirty hours ending midnight. October IS:
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday, pos
sibly lisht showers at night on the northern
coast: light north wind, except southeast late
in the day on the north coast. t
Southern California — Fair Tuesday, continued
warm; fresh r.crth wind.
Neva-la — Fair Tuesday, warmer.
San Franrlsco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday. \
with increasing cloudiness in the afternoon ''
{ and night: light north winds, changing to
we»t*rly. '¦•.'.'•-
Los Angelas and vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
continued warm, light north wind.
For Fresno— Fair Tuesday, warmer; light
north winds.
For Sacraw-ato — Fair Tuesday, becoming ;
cloudy In the arternoon: li^ht north winds. . .
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Steamer. | From! T~Dwi7
O. Dollar {Grays Harbor JOct IS
Meteor ;Seat:le ioctl IS
Elizabeth jCoquille River Oct. IV
J*anie i Seattle & Taeoma (Oct. IS
Chleo -CoqulMe River Oct. IS
W. Kroger Humboldt 'Oc^ 18
< Portland A Way Ports. [Octl IS
Qaeen n Puget Sound Ports... -.fOcu 19
P°mo Point Arena & Albion.. !Oct- IS
Eureka Homboidt Oct. 18
Wellington... Oyster Harbor **Oct. 1»
Montara Taeoma OctI 19
Del Norte..... Crescent City Oct. 19
S. Barbara^. . . s» a Pedro Oct. 19
San Jose.-. New Tork Tia Ancon..!Oct. 19
Auretia Portland * Astoria lOct. 19
Bcnlta.. Ne*-port £ Way Ports I Oct. 19
Arcata.... jCoos Bay & Pt. OrfordlOet. 19
. North Fork... I Humboldt I Oct. 20
Homer; ..-San Pedro "'Oct. 20
Corona Humboldt «o
Point Arena., i Mendocino & Pt. ArVnaiOct 20
Santa Rosa... (San Diego * Way Ptsjoct. »
Arxo Eel River. Ports Oct. °1
Columbia Portland £ Astoria Oct 21
S. Dollar...... Tckohama ** Oct °J
S.Monica Grays Harbor ...*" !OctI 22
Cocw Bay [San Pedro Sc Way Pts'lOct. 23
Breakwater. .- j Coos Bay ....... [Oct. ?3
Arctic... tHamboIdt, !ocl ri
Pomona Humboldt Oct. *I
CltyPuebla... Puget Sound Ports ""lOct. 23
Newbunr Grays Harbor : *' Oct *»4
P'.ar. oTnl... San Diego & Way Pts' OcC *4
G. LJndauer..4Grays Harbor .... Octl "^
Centennial 1 Seattle & Taeoma " {Oct. 25
Alameda ! Honolulu "tact, is
r>3ric China * Japan **IOctI -5
City Panama. New Tork vta Aneon." JOctT 21
Curacao Mexican Ports .... Frw 27
Umatllla. Pagn Soand Ports..* !!|Oct! 28
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARBrVE.
The bark Hcir.eward Bound was cleared y««
terday for Hull. England, with eS,5O< ctls bax
ley, valued at $90,105. and 20.000 feet of lorn
btr as iaatwe. valued at »30O.
.
Sliipment of Barley.
Th» French ship Desaix (at Taeoma) was
chartered "nor to arrival for wheat thence to
Eurcpe at 2«s 3d.
The following vessels are chartered for lum
ber to Acstralia (Puret Soond loadinr>: Ship
E1»<11. to Sydney at 33s 9d, with option of
Melbcrume or Adelaide at 40s. prior to arrival;
Italian ship Italia, to South Australia, one
port, at 24s 3d, If to two ports, 3«Ss tid. prior
to arrival; British bark Strathdoa, to Mel
bourne cr Adelaide at Z2a 6d.
XE\VS OF THE OCEAN'.
• At the Pacific Mail docks tba big freighter
Alpo* is taking aboard her huge cargo for the
«_>nent. The Jajgart liner America. Mara Is
also laiirg dewa dee? ia the water wita
r»>i£ht. There ts no Question concersiss the
<i-'.r abend character of her freight, as it coa
tairs tcca of salt, lead. Citrates and cth-r
commodities that will eventually go to Man
cfcaria lor ti»* us« of tie scidiers of the
Mikado.
Oereral A*r=t W. H. Avery of this city is
«.<?co=:p*r.yi:^ th* manag-er of the Toyo Kisen
Ka'.sha Steamship Company ca a business trip
cckts the west coast cf Scuth America. The
ct;*ct is the running of a line of steamers
rrr^m Japan vta Honolulu. Net only will this
w;c»-iirike company be *nlar?1n« Its commer
cial territory, but it wiu find work fcr the
Aiserica Mara anS the two cth-r vessels when
the bi« 15.C«.iO-ton liners are buiit and put on
the £*a France -o and Oriental na. The re
jjcrt of th* Toyc> Kis*n Kaisha Ccrrpaiiy's
plan to break la'.o tV.s Panama carryis* trad*
a cr_:y the £«ner.t of scmebodys wild dream.
t» cue** an cfScial of the cemjany. Janaa
ts txsimerciaiJy moving toward Soath
ATnrnca.-
The study of meteorology in schools,
colleges and universities is generally
spreading and Harvard makes it an
entrance examination requirement
The idea is to educate the public in
weather lore.
Professor McAdie. the local Weather
Bureau'chief. returned yesterday from
the East, where he has been attend
ing the convention of Weather Bureau
officials at Peoria, 111. The convention
lasted three days and the discussions
were mainly upon the subjects of im
provement of the forecast, the study
of meteorology In schools and col
leges and the new obaervatory on
Mount Weather, Virginia, where the
study of magnetic and solar physics
will be conducted. The establishment
of a similar institution on Tamalpais
may be decided upon.
The subject of improving the
weather forecast Is one that affects the
people. The average percentage of
accuracy is from 85 to 90. And it is
the resolve of the hundred weather
experts attending the convention to
raise that average by the invention of
instruments. .
ant Work of the Convention
at Peoria. — >-* %
Professor JIcAdie; Tells _of the Import-
WEATHER BUREAU CHIEF
RETURNS FROM THE EAST
A sailer working en the ship Anjou at
Beaie-Etreet wharf fell overboard yesterday
afiernocn. After considerable difficulty he
was fished oat by PoUcemaa Mackie. The
•ailcr was almost unconscious, but by a littla
roush but elective treatment the - water was
•queried cut of him and he recovered from his
plunge.
The Oceaaic User Ventura Is at her dock.
Pier T. leading for Sydney.
A new llghthaas* has been constructed oa
Lencard Island. Vancouver. The light. It is
said, will be thi» most powerful in America.
It is to be of 75O.CJO candle-r>cwer and «*»*» b«
£~r. twenty-nve miles at sea.
Th* steamer BreaJtwater arrived yesterday,
twenty-four hours £rom Coca Bay.
The berk Gatherer case in jresteniay, seven
teen dais from Alitak. with 45,730 cases cf
salrr.ca.
The Oceanic liner Sonoma arrived at Auck
land. October 17. and the Sierra of the same
company left that port October 15 for • Sen
Fr^n Cisco.
The British bark Corunna, which was Coated
from the rocks at Mirmar, Falkland Islands,
has arrived at Montevideo.
The new steamer Harold Dollar has been
chartered ty Rcth. Blsa & Ox to take th-i
plac« of the freighter Miseola, recently lost on
the Siberian ¦„«;.
Water Front Xotes.
The first fire occurred two months
ago,' and gtx business houses, five of
them two-story structures, were de
stroyed. Two -weeks \ later a second
conflagration i destroyed three more
buildings. It is. proposed to purchase
a modern steam fire engine, abundant
hose, sink new wells and secure lad
ders and latest fire ficrhting apparatus
with the money secured from the bond
issue. . • -r.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 17.— Sebastopol
has learned a valuable lesson from the
two serious conflagrations which oc
curred there recently, and is taking
steps to bond the city for more ade
quate fire fighting apparatus. The mat
ter has been taken up by the City
Trustees.
The fast bay rteamer H. J. Corcoran yes
terday carried an excursion and picnic party
to Glen Cove, ne*r VaHeJo. The party consisted
I cf the Sisters of Notre Dase College and one
j haadrtd pupils. The warm sunshine and clear
! atmosphere made the day an meal one for aa
j outing a£oa£ and the teachers, with their
j pupils, found it most enjoyable.
Excursion on tbe Corcoran.
CITIZENS OF SEBASTOPOI*
PROFIT BY TWO LESSON'S
WEATHER REPORT.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— SiHed Oct 16— Snip Marion
Chilcctt, for Saa Francisco; bktn Encore, for
Eleele.
Arrive Oct 17 — Bark Andrew Welch, h«ac«
Sept 2S. .
Arrived Oct 17 — Br itmr Doric, from Hong
kong and Yokohama, for San Franctaco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Oct 13— Ship
Benj. F. Packard, for New Tork. acd passed
Delaware Breakwater.
REEDY ISLAND— Pas«d Oct 16— Ship A.
G. Ropo. from Philadelphia, for Hongkong-
NEW YORK — Arrired Oct Its — Br atmr
Schnylkill, from Yokohama.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE SPA RTEL— Parsed Oct 15 — Br stmr
Foyle. from Hor.gkon#r. for New York.
PORT SAID— Arrived Oct 1«— Spn stmr Isla
de Luzon, from Liverpool, for Manila.
• QUEENSTOWN— Arrived. Oct aft-rBr ,ahlp
Merioneth, hence 3ua« 34. \. - ¦ -. - -. • .
FALMOUTH — Arrived Oct 17— Fr bark Tur
tot. from Taeoma. ¦•
Sailed Oct 17— Br stmr Heathbaak for Ma
nila.
AUCKLAND— galled Oct 15, S a, m.— Stmr
Sierra, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 17. 4 p. m. — Stmr Sonoma, hence
S«r.t 2».
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Oct 16— Br bark
Corunn*, from Antwerp, for Puget Sound, bav
in* be»n ashore at Miraxr.ar
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiVed Oct 15— Bktn Rob
ert Sudden, from Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Fnr
neasia. frcm Glaseow.
FIUME— Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr Pannonia
from New York, via Naples
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct t7— Stmr Sardin
ian, from Montreal, for Glasgow; stmr Lake
Erie, for Montreal.
Sailed Oct 17 — Stmr Mongolian, from Glas
gow, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York.
LONDON — Arrived Oct 17 — Stmrs Montrose
and Minneapolis, from Montreal
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct 17 — Stmr Kaiser
Wiibelm der Grosee, from New York, via Ply
mouth, for Bremen, and proceeded.
vest ashore. No details of the wreck have
b<rtn obtained at Cuj date ar-«S the extent of
the loss is usknown. The Adi'rcda waa cne of
the prettiest crafts that sailed out of this
harbcr, a=d =a=y who have ataired her fine
lines win re«ret to h=ar or her disaster.
THE HANDSOME FOUR-MASTED SAP.K ADDEXDA WHICH WAS RECEXTLT WRECKED AT PALLIPTER BAT ON THE
NEW ZEALAND COAST. SHE WAS OWNED BT THE SIMPSON LUMBER COMPANY OF THIS CITY. NO DETAILS OF
THE DISASTER HAVE BEEN RECEIVED.
The United States army transport
Lopan, Captain Stinson, arrived early
yesterday morning from Manila, Naga
saki astf Honolulu. Before reaching
Honolulu a case of smallpox developed
on board and the subject, George AL
Hall, a soldier in Company G, Seventh
Infantry, was immediately isolated
from the other passengers. The dis
ease rapidly passed to the last stage
and in a few days the nian died. Ha
was buried at sea. All sanitary pre
cautions were taken and no other cases
were discovered. On this account the
I-ogan. when she came into this pert
jesterday morning, was ordered to the
Quarantine station and the passengers
¦aere brought to this city in tie tug
General Slocum.
The Logan brought 116 cabin passen
gers, 237 casuals, 5 insane person*. 27
general prisoners. 29 discharged pris
oners. 12 civilians, S naval sailors and
Captain L. H. Bash returns from ser
vice in the Philippines. It has been re
ported that he is to marry Miss Bertha.
Ruckle, the novelist. C. M. Cottennan
is the director of pests of the Philip
pifift Islands. He speaks enthusiasti
cally cf the present condition of the
postal service there. The postmasters
:n the interior stations are natives,
who rake excellent officials. Captain
F. S. Scott is colonel in the island con
stabulary, which body is 7000 strong.
Attached to the organization are S000
scouts. The 10.CKK) men. with the excep
tion of the r Seers, are natives. Lieu
renajit D. P Gurr.p is on sick leave and
ea his way to his Kansas home. Miss
GIfcss, daughter of Admiral Glass, U,
£. N., is returning from a visit in the
Orient.
The foU awing is the list of cabin pas
sengers:
Hs-jor E. A. MearruR, Captain XV. S- Scwrt.
Captain L. H. B*sh. Lieutenant C. Lv Bab
t-oc*. L:este=x=r J. M. P«tiy. lieutenant :
Ifev;d R. Gc=s5. Captain W. H. H. Cfeap
rsas asd trite and two soes, P. H. Wolvaa.
<>. B. Tuttle. Jteiville A. Kayea. F. E. La=s
fcal Ca^t^n A. F. FUJt ani wire. Lieutt&ant
R- Borrows. O. A. Pntchett. A. W. FStca.
L«»-is af cOutcheos. W. J. Spencer. S*=iuel
AtolSTiflei and wire. J. A. WUlia. wilt u.ni
tfaocbun. T. Adjure. C. S. Cnaxitbois, F. C.
W*l**h. L. M. N":chols, J. C. Rubrigkt, P. B.
McCill, A. M Evans, J. M. £he.-iian. C. M.
'•onerrran. W. L. Gdisberagii. H. H.
<X!ver and wile, fl H. Page. W. B. Raymond. \
R- B. Gibson. F. I.". Bookhart. wile and two I
was, Mrs. A. W. Cta»*. Mrs. "W. F. Lewis j
ta<i iai;f fcter. Un. C. M. Traltt. Urt. Fred
Korr. Mrs. R. £_ Gainstmd. Sirs. TVniiam
F. aosc ana toe. lies. A. I* B. I>s.Ties, Mrs.
F. A. Maecsdray and three children, Uiii
A. GnUkS. Mrs T. Lecc&rd. Min K. B. Glass.
Mrs. WiiUia Jarres. F. W. Fanner. P. J.
Bars-*. W. L*. Brewer. Mrs. F. H. Hllfcsan
sr.fi two chil^rwi. Roe« E. Aba I, Francis B.
i^tcrry. J. C. Wfclsftery. Mr». J. McL Carter
fcud two children. Liestrnast F. B. Cpaain i
<T". S. N.) and »tre. Rodger F. Ccrler. E. R-
Marrtcrt. 3£irs Bun Stewart Wilder. Bevrrlex
ITOdcr. TV. B Semes' and wi;<?, E- H. Griffith.
From KcTscluIa — Mrs. Miller. Miss Miller,
Mrs. BTOSaa P. Husica Miss Eusatr, Mrs.
F. Kla=p, Mr». W. W\ Mi'.is. Aldea Trotter.
it. J. Sranlca. Mrs. J. M. Pattcs.
A. W. Fox vs. J. O'B. Gunn and T.
W. M. Draper, Oregon; Judgment're
versed and case remanded.
The original suit was brought by the
Government to quiet title to several
thousand acres of land in Southern
California, patents for which had been
erroneously issued to the railroad com
pany by the Government- - Much of this
land had been settled upon by squat
ters and bona fide settlers and the Gov
ernment interposed to prevent them
from beinfr ousted from the land. The
Government won the suit in the lower
court and the railroad company was
ousted.
Howard C. Holmes vs. Board of
State Harbor Commissioners, Califor
nia; judgment affirmed.
Holmes had brought the suit to re
cover damages for an infringement by
the State of a patented process of pre
paring wharf piles. On the first trial
in Judge Morrow's court the jury found
for the plaintiff, awarding him $5000
damages. The United States Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed this judg
ment and the case was remanded for a
new trial. Upon the second trial the
j'iry found for the defendant under
peremptory instructions of the court,
following the decision of the Court of
Appeals.
C. E. Burrows and A. P. StockweD
(claimants of the steamer T. C. R*ed)
vs. J. P. O. Lownsdale. Washington;
Judgment affirmed, but interest strick
en out.
iThe United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday handed down deci
sions as foilows:
Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Central Trust Company of New York,
D. O. Mills and Homer S. King vs. the
United States. Decree of the Circuit
Court affirmed.
For several weeks the engineers of
the Harbor Board have been working
on plans and specifications that they
think will fill the demands of the Pacific
Mail Company. Under the contract
with the State the Pacific Mail is the
responsible party in the matter of the
lease that gives to It certain dock priv
ileges on the water front that are
jointly enjoyed by the three transpa
cific lines mentioned. The 'officials of
the Pacific Mail have scrutinized the
plans for the new dock and have ac
knowledged that they are satisfactory.
To-morrow there will be a meeting of
the Board of Harbor Commissioners at
which it will be decided, after mutual
agreement between the steamship peo
ple and the State Commissioners,
whether work shall be commenced that
will change the dockage facilities at
Brannan and Fremont streets and
Brannan and Second streets, from an
cient to modern structures. The
amount to be spent In these improve
ments is about 54-0, 000.
What is known as pier 44 will be a
double-deck dock, something similar to
the dans first submitted to the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company and re
jected by it on the ground that It was
too costly. The steamship line pays
for the dock in rent money; that is, its
monthly ¦ payments to the State must,
within a given time, equal the sum to
tal, of the cost to, the State of con
structing the dock. The monthly pay
ments to be made by the Pacific Mail
Company . will be decided at to-mor
row's meeting.
After the Pacific Mail Company re
jected the double-deck plans the Har
bor Commissioners went to work on
modified lines and produced the plans
that have now met the approval of the
steamship people.
Pier 42 will be converted into a first
class cylinder pier dock. In fact both
docks will be built on the cylindrical
steel pier plan and guaranteed to last
for decades."
There is a likelihood that the double
deck pier for the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company, Occidental and Oriental
Line and the vessels of the Toyo Kisen
Kaisha will be constructed by the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners ac
cording to modified plans submitted by
the . State . officials. ; >L j_. -
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha
Steamship Company Is
Looking Toward the
South American Ports
Harbor Commissioners Are
Victorious in the Suit
Brought for Big Damages
Corporation and the State
Officials to Discuss the
Proposed Improvements
FOFB-MASTED BARK .
ADDENDA WRECKED
HOLMES BEATEN TWICE
CONFERENCE TO DECIDE
Pacific 3Iail Company Satis
fied With Harbor Board's
Scheme for Better Wharf
Southern Pacific Railroad
Company Cannot, Get Back
Lands Illegally Patented
Death of a Passenger
With Smallpox at Sea
Sends the Big Vessel
Over Into Quarantine
SETTLERS WIN
THEIR FIGHT
APPROVES PLAN
FOR NEW DOCK
TRANSPORT LOGAN ARRIVES
FROM MANILA AND JAPAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY. OCTOBER IS, 1904.
Toyo Kisen Rai«-ha IJLneTS.
11
AD V£KTISH3IE.VTS.
¦ m — 1 PositiTelf cnr*d by
: f* * DTr oc Uies€ IJttle Pil!? *
iwMl\lLl\U Ti-7 also rtlisre as-
¦t^^ITTLE (^rwtlcsaiiTo-aneautv
3 « Utt «It fcr Dislaess, Nassau
i m PJLLSe DroirsJli e ss ' Bai Ts«e
Tcrrue. Palala tie Skie.
gg JTOEPIO LTVTE. TJ2-7
r?s^ls:e u»e Bcwes. Pcrely Vegetatie.
SMAJLrtLL SKAlLOOSLjMIUPRlCt
ijFftjtt CURE SICK HEADACHE.
-";:ttl£ Ger.dr.2 Vest Bear
1 1^VER Fz>Sisule Signa^re
0
-visit DR. JORDAN'S crcatJ
: ; yUSEUQ OF AMATOHY^
b 9 - : «*^2x-K.tn.niri,i.r.aL4
' tji Til T iiiiii »«iii»ii>I Man imiT
b /Sal h~^— '«m c/«A"*SL*j%ii*"* o
CR - J3Z:AK-D'JIASE8 CF KEN $
: Cj5jS CaemUeoaa. free aa* stridSy pdnta. \
/J • i^ttfj '"••«»•*« prrrau*! » k •» crrr. a 4
' t ff >i jj ¦ Art la. rrary cau ma&crtakea, : \
I !i a«*.« «!*•»*-. MAiLaa raaa. (a(t
V EC JoBDaJT * CO.. ISJi Market St..*. r. ¥
* H. S BR^GE & CO^
fc*XRCHANT TAILOR^ , ; J
$ 622 Market Street. 1:
i* Up Stair*. Op«». PaUos HotsL I
j!;-- SAN FRANaSCO.
i ftovdtMa Im Imports^ Wear |
— . . RAILWAY TRAVEL.
•^"ff*^. Trstsi* 1mt» aad ar» *¦»
t» arrive at
C?L«^^3Zj SAN FKANCISCO.
N^^^fV . FasiTDawrr
* (Toot et Market Street.)
ji.eAT» MAIN LINE. -Aaarra
7^0a Vaeavtas. * lawra. Bjat-r 7 50»
' W* BWcivKatniri Stenanto.. 720i»
74«* Tauejo. Xasa. Caastaga. saata
_ _ **>*. MarUaes. Saa Raa»esi.... ' «.23»
J roASnee. Trsey. LaUrw.5»ck:oa.... 7.2tJ»
¦ CO* s»»i:a Kzjtreaa — (Tla Darii).
w I-!iai. Wtuaw*. trret*. Red
BlaS. PerUaad. Taeeata. seaute 7 5>
8 C0a Devla.Weodlaad. Kaigats Laadtag.
•MarysvUle. Orovrje 7-M»
8 33 * p«rt Cotta, MarUaes. AaUoeh.
Brroa, Tracy. Stoektoa. N«*>
Btaa. Las Baaoa. Meadota.
Armaaa. -Haaferl Y-lsalla, •
Pertervnie 4J9s>
ftJOA Fen Coeta. Moaette. M treed.
Tnn*. eeaaea Jaacttea. Haa-
__-. fora. VlaaUa. SrimliU 4 53»
8 30* S'.le*. 9*a -iott, LlT-rnore. 5»oet
¦ te*.(fMU»a). Ieae. 8a«raa«ata,
Xarvirlile. caico. Red B:ar .... 4 23»
t-SOA Oakisie. Ch!ase«. Jasaestawa. Se>
aara. Taolnaae aad Aagela . «-23*
IXOa AUsttUcaUgraaa Ot<tiuUm. 5M»
8-iC* Btchsaoad. Mirtla-i aad War
Statloas Z. l-SO*
10 CO* Tie Overiaad Usatted— Ofdea.
Ostaa*. Caleage, Dearer. Kaaia*
to.co A yS e^.!^!::::::.:"::::::::n ilS;
»0 WU 10% Aageles Pasaearer — Port
Costa. Uartlaes. Byrea. Traey.
Latarop. Stecktea. Mereed.
Karsaead. rreaa*. Geeaea Jaao-
ttoa. Haaford. Leaioorr. TlsaUa.
Bakenfteld. Loe Aagclee - Z"I5"
i 1 JOCm Hayward. St:«s aad Way 9UOeas. 3 20 •
[ tt-£C» ta«raBieai« River Steaaera. tiiJMlv
I4C»Beatc!a. Wlatera. SaeranestOt
Woodiaad. Kafgaa Laadlac.
I . M arvsvCle. Oraviile aad wax
___ stauaas 10 »0*
1 I-3Os.arvsrt.Xnea aad War Statioaa,. 7-5C»
, 440^Martraea^aBBaaie«.TaUeJ«vKaaa > r
j '-'— CaUsteo. Saatm R«4. „. .f-JJ*
4XCP5nea.Traev.9tocxtoa.LAdl 10-M*
4 Mp Bay ward. KHea, Irvtagua, Saal rt^O*
- M Jcae. Uveraore 1 til. Ma
J-M*» The Owl Uatied— Sewmax Los -
Baaoa. Meaiota.T7essa.TaIare,
¦-._ "Bakers2e!d.LosAag«ee. - 8-M*
t T6 30s> Eaywarl. 5Ues aad saa J»ae ..... 7.20a
ICO Rir»«rf. N'::m tal S«a Jo*s 9 i*U
• -tflp Eaatera Express — Omaaa. Catsaz*.'
D«t«t. Kaasaa City. St. L«o!a,
UarUaei. S^cktca. Sacrsmeata.
Coifax. Reao. Sparks. Tonopaa,
m -.„ Eeeier. (Xdea 1253»
7JJ0PTalieJo,86adayoc!T f 7 *°*
7X8p K:ca.-noai. saa PaMo. Port Costa,
Marttaes aad Way 9Uttoas 11.20a
• CS»i"ors Costa. Martta^s, Byrea.
Traey. Latarop. Mttitla,
Merced. B err si*. Preaao aad •
Way cut.'oas b*yoad Pen Coeta 12-20*
I-C5» To«ealM Valley, via B«resl» sad
Wavosa (atoadar. Wedaesda/
- aadTrlday) ..... 8 50*
SXSPlfarCaez.Trser. Stoektaa 132JU
• 05* Oregea * CaL'forala Kxjre»»— ¦»•¦ .
raaieato. Msrytvil'e, K»-!*:aj.
' rorU»ad. Pagtt Soaa4 aad^aas. t-SOt*
1.1 ftp Bay ward. NBea aad Saa Joae (5aa-
' earoaly) . 11-80*.
COAST LINE (-larrsw «JasgtU
{Toot ef Martw Brreet.)
! B-l&A Newark. Ceatervdle. eaa Jose,
¦ - - • j FtUoa. Boalder Creek, Sasta _. '
Cru tad Way »»ttoaa „. £53e>
> U-15p Hewark. CeatervCle. Saa Joee.
Kew Alma4«>. L->« Gatoa.Te:u»,
Boald-r Creek, oaat* Craa aad
Prate!**] Way aUUoas .... f 1 3 S5»
4.15P Srwark. Eaa Jci-. Los Catoe...] : ]^ j|_J
c4.30p Heater*' Traia fSararday czTjh-
: Saa Joee aad War Subn* :7-2So>
I" COAST LINE «Bre«4 Waasej.
J QT- ( 1 air* aa.1 Iowa«ea4 8«reeta.>
I B-IOa hi Jo»eaa<fWay ScaOoai. 8 .30 ¦
7 COa Saa Jbae aad Way StaDoaa ... S 43»
IJW*K«» Alaiadea (Tvea, rr^L. ealy). 4-13p
•¦MUTae Coasur— Saa Joee. £*::i»t,
» Saa Ardo. Paso Eoblta. iitu
Uarxarlta. Saa Lcis Obi*pe%
Gaadalape. Gavlota. flaata Bar-
aara, Saa Baeaareamra. Maa-
' Ulvo. Oxaard. Barbaak. Lea
Aagelea , 10.30*
• CC* CV.t->t. Hoinster. Caatrort]!e. D«t
Maate. Paciae Greve, Sorf, Loa> "
poe...... 10J3p
t.fJOA *aa Jote. Tres Placs-WaUonrCle. *
Ctpttola. Saau Crax, PaetaO
6 rove. SsJlaaa, Saa Luis Oatsp*
aad Prlaclpa; Way Statteas. .^ 4.13 •
1040a Saa Joae aad Way Staceaa....^... 120*
. 11 3Ca Saa Jeee aad Way Statlcaa. ....... 7.30*
S.15p Saa Joae aad Way SUttoaa ...'.._ 8 ii*
< ¦ < »0» Dei Moate Kxpreaa — e«a:a Clara.
£aa Joee. Wataoavllle. Saau
Cnu. Del JIoa:e. Master? 7, . .;
Facrac Grove 12-t5»
T303P Lo« Gaw*. Wriirat Bo«ld« Crrefc. • ¦ -
Saau. Craz, via Saau Can aad
. SarrjvGaeve tl3<5»
I4O» T»>art» i:^ Stnta saa rraaciseo^
¦ „ BarltBgaate. Saa Je*e. GUroy.
r Iloitteter. TreaPlaee 13 45*
• 30o fas Ju*» aad Way Siattons . ?1.00*
t5X«P 6aa:a Clara. Sea J<w. Lo« 6a»oe. *****
asd prtaeipal Wsy ju::c;i (ax-
eeyi Soadsy) ....^, fS4XJA
. |S-30p 8aBjc«e»adPrtaci?aiW»»5t»Uoas \14Qt
' 8 45? &asaet txpraaa.— Ecdvood, Saa
Joae. G !iro» . >». :a aa. fuo Bodies, - '
iaa Lai* Obitno. ?»b:» Barbar*.
.^. ¦ !-*• Aag»!ea. I>m:ar. B Faaax ' " ¦
St.Loa<t,XewOr',eas*.N'ewTerk 110a
645 p P»I*--?. WassoavtlTe. Capttola.
Baau Cnz. Caacrovllle.' D»l
Most?. P*c!2c Grove tflTflp
tf.1b> 6aa3aatto,B«resfor4Jel3ioat.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Tair Oska
Meklo Park. Palo Alt* Z tf-4«*
• -50p3«a Jcae aad Way Suaoaa.....^.. s^3o*
8 COp Pato Alt* aad Way 9t»tJoaa....._ 1im»'
11 .iflp 3oat* SasTruclaco. MCIbrme. Bar--
- Kagame. Sea Mateei. Betnsoss.
cao Ctr! j». Bedwood. Talr Oaka>
sleaio Park, aad Pslo AIM rl !Ss>
: «1130p Msrte!*. Mreauta Tlew. Soaay. " ***
vaie, Lawreace. auu Clan aad
> Baa Joee tSMp
AtorJiora:**. p for Aruraooa.
tSsaday ezceptea. t Sander e*iv
• fiatartay oniy. e Maaday oatf.
JBteae at aa stadeaa ea Scadaj. 1 - J-
I CALIFORNIA NOnflWESTEKN RT. CO.
: Tibaxca Perry— Pooi of Karkst Stzseu
! sa_st rxAwcrsco to tAX bataxx..
¦<* KKX DATS — 7:30. *:O». ll;t»» a. as. : li :*».
J:3v. »:1». S.SO p. m. Taarsday»— Extra, tup
at ll:3O d. in. *
Eatcrday*— Extra trip at l:3O aad 11:S> p ca.
SUN'DATS— &:0O. »:S0. 11:00 a. nx; 1:JOL 3:*>.
8-00. «:2(X, 11:30 p. aa.
v 8A2T &A7A2ZZ. TO SAX rBAVCZSCO.
"REKK DATS— «:05. 7:». T:3O. »:20t. ll:t*
a. m.: J?:30. 3:4O. 9:0O, 5:Co p. m.
Satsrday*— Extra trta at 2:0O aad S.33 pl 3.
SUXDATS— S:d>. S:«Ok U:tt a. ta.. l:«t K«B\
4:Ca. SUJo. S:2S p. av .
Leave .In Effect I Arrive
S*n Francisco. I Oct. 2. 130*. f Saa Fraaclsco.
Week J Sun- i \ Saa- J V&**.
I Days. ( day*. ' IVitisation. f days. ) Days.
: T^Oarat *^00aml -• »:l'jmx: "»••»•¦->»
I 9JOa.-3i Igaaeio 10:40suBiU>:3M=x
S:3Opta{ 3:30ma» «;0Spzn- S:2»p3»
; S:10ptnj 5ruopmj T:3^pgtt|
i TJOaai 9:luaat 9:«oan
! S-.OOksX Nora£9 10:4<)aavl0:3)aa
! l-JOptn? 9:3<?aia Petalum*. tiOSprai S:30pa
t »:10pm! 3:30pxa asd 7^3pnii
I SUlOpm SastaRcsa I '
I I:2O»m! lO:«O*a,a»:tO»>3»
I 8:00ast! roltoa Z^Spm; «:i»s^
I S:30pa>: 3 JOpaa - ¦ t .
1 TrfffiTi 8:00am' He»W«cJrc K>:40am>10:20i*»
) Lyttoa I
8:30pm 3:3Q?m CeyservUle 7:SSboi «:»dii
I 1 \ ' Cloverdalji \ %
! I JOaml 8:OU«nit UopUad llO:4OarailO:2daa
SzaOpml S^acpmj end Ckta!» { T:35pm> S:J>pA
It rvimu aad { - ' 1 .¦• '
g^Caml Sberwood 1 ?:35pnJ^:yya
7:20am! 8:00»a; jlO:4.«ail».aj«ra
»- 1 30pmi 3^&pm? CoerneTlge { 7:33pm! «;^>yn
7:30aml 8:oOatn' Sonoma , 3:in*=!r S:*o«-a
S:10pmr&:0Onnj On ECen I €:03paii S:3»yta,
ttSOpral SJOtto! Sotaatapol i T:35raf{ *:y>o^
ETAGCS connect at Greea Brae ? for . a* 3
Qtectln: at tents ¦ Res* . for WMt* W»sw
Springs asd aUr* West Springs; at Lxttoa iw.*
Lyttcn Springs: at. Geyservill* fsr ' S^aii*
fcpri2£s: at Cl*verdaJ« tor the Oeyvera. Bo«Sf
vjl> and Greenwood; at Hodand for Dua:*3
•prtBXS, . Hlchl*a4 SprlagSL KelaeyvUie. Caxu-
t*J Sprtxvga. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bart:*-
Springs aad Lake Ce. Bet 8prtn*s: « ntw
(or Vlcty Springs. Santera Sprtafa. Bfc..
Lakes. Laa«l Den Lake. Wttter Sprteci. CV
per ¦ Lake.- Potno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside.- Lerfy's. BBeknctrv aa&aedrta
HeJcbts. Hnnville.- Orr*s Hot Sprtarf*. Htltetj
House. - Comptefte. Hcplcas. M«adocta» Crry.
Fort Brags*. Westpurt aad Csal: at WUli:»
icr Hearst aad Sawyers; at Sherwood foe Tin ¦
Bragx. CabtOk Covela. L*ytoovllle. * Cam-
; mtngs Bell's" Eprlaga. Harris. Hsbbard. FnlN-
Jand. "Dyer. GarbernHe. Caap ft. Pepperwaod.
tcctli and Earefca.- • f • -
Saturday to Moaday rewne-trtp t!A«t» at n-
Oa Sorkay— Roa=d-tr:? tifcket* Co aS poiatt
beyond P^~ RaSael at haUntM. >- ~ ' ¦»
Ticket office. 4SO Market street. OjttwIcU
fectldia*. .-.•¦• •-.»'..'>. ;
JAS. U FRAZTER. R- X. RJPA^. '- % *
O*a> Maaageg. Gen. P%»<. Ajt. ¦'
_— , - V.
Mt. Tamalpais Rajlway;
Lt. 3aa ?r*saj.» 1 lr. &a fr*aai>-» ¦
:. l;3Of L»lO:aOA
9:50x »^O*;\^a>S4H Siftftp jy-Si*V*>
1:45 n 6-aa>( 'f.-»*>T
faari»T» 4:33? - iaautajt UtIS?
'TlafaaygTJsr ¦ y ILTJtaa^aataEl.^aey I
- nor :i emr&n&mr St-( Nona Shocc Kaikoadr' ¦
. WtlOi f aojd SAC3*tnOr*ix*Y. Foot Market Si,-
leliifliftfli
j ADV-ERTISEaiEyTS.
I FREE ELECTRO-CHEMIC
EXAMINATION AND
j TREATMENT :
All persons catling at
E!ectr>3 - Chen::; Init:-
y^v Bfi4S I tnxe will be given a
_«?Vj3b3 fr ** E!*ctro-Cbeniic *s-
/0^U^l^TV-^S? anwnation ar.d iiiiffsc"5:«.
v i|'W' > * j3sHf^> A truthful aaj nz.c~z*
/ \~y V?»n\*Vi opinion will b* giv« a in
/ M ti'i lill aii ea:! *-- Curable dis-
/ y **£flm I; a e*s*s will b* given a.
\ fjfc. jiff Hit free treatment. No ir.-
ivSsf fci*?vl curable ea^es win b«
l\9// f 7 " ~' x undertaken. ¦ Call at
'¦ «*¦ once. Atucttely bo
: charxe.'.
Electro-Cneaiistry cures paiales s^r '
and wlUiont operation Coastunptloa,
Cancer. Catarri:. O safe ess. Ilie^a*-
tism. ristula. Paralysis. T^comotar
Atazia, Asthma aad BroacIUal Trou-
oles, Piles. Servona Oiaeassa, • Siin
and Blood Diseases aad the Special
Diseases of Km asd Woan.
Write for. home treatment Li yoa live at m.
distance. • -•- . • ¦ -
Separate apartments for ladles and gentle-
men. • ' ¦ "^
The Electro- Chemic Institute
118 Grant Are.. Ccr. Post Sfc.
. SAN FRANCISCO. CaL
Office hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. acd 7 to
S p- tn; dally: Sundays. IP a. m. to 1 p. m.'
i RAILWAY TRAVEL.
: Klfmjted to chic^ccb
, I IEHES K0&D1TS »d TEUESQIU I
I Rat O:?,0 a. si, throc^a la ;j dars,H
H with dicer and an trapplags. S3
|^^22Jg323Ba^a^^SW^^3^a""^*^e^e^e^aaaaaaasBaiB»
Other Saata 7s Trains:
alao mi H£ 1 ior St««*to«. Freeao. Bakersaaid. J
: S-Joo p. ai.J aterced. Bistort aad VUsJla.
4 :CO p. m. for Stocktea.
' S:00 p. n. for Kansas City, Grand Caayea aa4 '
. .Chicago.
: Tzcxrr omcss-«u xac*«t st. aai
Perry Depot, S. 3P. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 37 Soata Plxst St.
Saa Jose. -_:-.,
CAZADEi^O; Etc j
mmmf&P&&i VUSausailto Perry
fiUBtmBAN SEHVICE, BTAXDARD GAUGE.
' Dep*rt from San Frand»co. dally, at fT-m
,:«j^ 8:=5. »:W: »:50. 11:U> a. m.; 1:«. i^ •
i^il 5:13. 5:5* 1:30, i:t3t 8:CO aad lit£\
*" Arrtre at - San Franclsc*. dally. ,, t „. r;
1OS 8:13. o:50. 9:35. 10:5O a. ta.; 1:3© 2-sa >
i«: •:<», S:C «^=. «:ST. 7:40 «iSt " ££
p m. . - • *
. IE aily excrat Sunday. - r I
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:« a..nj.- also fiat- ¦
nrd*y« at 3:14 p. m, aad dally except SatHr- i
das and Sunday at 5:lip. m.
THROUGH 1 TRAXN3. -. ,
7:43 a. m. daily— Cazadcro aad wax station*. !
* 3:15 p. no.. Saturdays only — For Gsxadarw I
•"- 'gafaattMWaaaysBaaaa>SaaWs^af^B«ssap»j
5:15 p. m.. daily, except Saturday and Saa--.
day. for Tonia!es, -etCL ;. r 9 B W
TICKET OFFICE — «50 Market • et.' •— *
i FEKRI- U aioa Depot, foot of Market acTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, J9U4.
12
T3XPx.OTna.Turr wajt~s d-mau i— con.
WANTED — Light employment by a trusty
ir.an without any bad habits; under-
stands care of horses; can milk: country
preferred. Box 3O42. Call office.
PLUMBER licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
week: Tias all necessary shop tools. Box 2804.
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Young man wants position
either as head or assistant: best references;
8 years' experience- ; lumber business pre-
ferfed. Room S2. Hotel Ramon*.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife would like
work on ranch; wife good cook; man general
ranch hand; understands to take charg* of
ranch; best of references. Box 2604. Call.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening anri
closing books, exporting accounts, etc Box
2263. Call office.
STRONG young man, 20 years of age, w!she«
position of any kind in wholesale hous»;
best of references. Box 30Sf>. Call offlco.
GENTLEMAN, well acquainted In wholesale
and retail liquor and wine business, wishes
to get position. Address box 3095. Call.
EXPERIENCED, successful specialty salesman
wants sole sales' right for high-grade ar-
ticle cr line for city and surrounding coun-
try. Box 3072. Call office.
GROCER German. 18 years* experience, wants
good steady position; wholesale or retail.
CRAMER. 415 Fifth St.
HONEST, willing young man, looking for por-
ter and bartender position, with food refer-
ence. Box 2700. Call office.
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, wsnt posi-
tions In hotel, boarding-house or camp, city
or country. Address M. E. E.. box 3312. Call.
PAINTER, has all tools, will -work very reas-
onabl*. Address PAINTER, 400 Turk tt.;
phone Hyde 1106.
A STRONG boy. handy with tools, wouia )!!<<»
to learn the carpenter trade: has had »om»
ixperlence. Box 3217. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation |a tak*
car* of horses, garden, drive and general
work. H. B.. 613 Montgomery •'.
GERMAN. 42 years, married, wants light
work; handy at most anything; best cf refer-
ences. Box 2617. Call office.
WANTED — Situation In cigar stor« by youn<
man 18 years old; good character. Box £•'.?'•
Call office. __^ '
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper (male. 38) Is open
to an engagement; good references. BET*
box 2975. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by German (37) as sta-
bleman, laborer or any other kind of work.
Box 29S0. Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman; references. Address I. B.. 759
Folsom fct.
EXPERIENCED check writer waata position.
Box 2955. Call office.
CARPENTER work of all kinds promptly at-
tended to. 2366 Market st.
POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 30S3. CaM
office.
WANTED— A set of books to keep events*!.
Box 3109. Call office.
BOY attending art school would work for room,
board and small pay. P. O. box 87. Berkeley.
WANTED— Place as collector: security given.
• H. F. SCHILLER. 2024 Powell st.
CHINESE cook, first class; has references; city.
Address LOUIE YUEN, care 616 Dupont st.
A CHINESE first-class cook wishes situation
In hotel. WING. 733 Commercial st.
AN experlencsd Japanese cook wants position.
GEORGE. 1410 Pine St.; phone Hyde 171.
A YOUNG Japanese boy, gentle and honest,
wants position as waiter on table or belibo?
In hotel; speaks English freely. G. Y. ITOU.
712 Sutter St., city.
JAPANESE nice boy wants a position as
schoolboy: understands cooking: wages $2 up
a week. Box 3367. Call office.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position as
waiter on table: wages $30 a month. 1617
Gear7 St.; tel. West 97.
A YOUNG Japanese honest boy wants position
to do general housework in small family.
• Address Y. MINAMI. 4ISA Post st.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy or by half day; In city or country. T.
UYENO, 424 Geary st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes position as a
schoolboy. BEN T. WATANABE. 401 Stev-
enson st. Phone Jessie 23S1.
A JAPANESE honest boy wants position In a
saloon, stora or office: has experience. Ad-
dress S. KITA, 413 A Post st.
A JAPANESE wants position for mornlnr
work. 1543 Larkln st.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position at
chamber- work, porter or housework: under-
stands some English. T. NAKAMURA, 744
Post st.
YOUNG JAPANESE STUDENT WANTS SIT-
UATION; OFFICE OR STORE BOY;
SPEAKS ENGLISH AND WRITES WELL.
K. SAKE. 418 DUPONT ST.
JAPANESE boy wishes place as schoolboy or
at housework In nice family. Address It.
YAXA, 1843 Webster st., near Pine; tel.
Jackson CS41.
JAPANESE y<~ne. strong boy wants poalttoa
to take care of garden or housework In a
small family. K. ENDO, 233 Valencia st;
phone Church 3152.
JAPANESE faithful young man wants a. post-
tlon to do housework in a private family;
has references. FRAN— OTA, 4 Carlos
place.
JAPANESE young, honest boy. wants position
as schoolboy: understands very well any kind
of work. N. NAGAO, 52S Stevenson st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy
In a small family. K. IKEDA, Japanese
Gospel Society, 725 Geary st.
A JAPANESE honest boy wants position tn
any kind of store or office at general work:
speaks well. HIIIARA, 219 Post st.
GOOD Japanese wants place In private family;
housework, washing or wait at table. T.
CRANE. -420 Railroad ave.. AUxnada.
GOOD Japanese boy wants general help after
4-5 o'clock p. m. 403 Post St., R. BAN. •
A JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, wants
position as schoolboy. M.U.. 321»-j O"Farre!l st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th» reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. -<\V'--t
F— ATS TO T-ET. .
FOR rent — Two elegant new fiat*. Jnst fin-
ished; 6 rooms, bath and trunkroom: large
attic In upcer flat; sun in every room; ma-
rine view; richly finished; gas and coal
grates: gas and electric lights; all ths mod-
ern conveniences of a private residence; SB.
cor. Polk and Union sts.: convenient to
Union. Hyde and Paclfic-ave. car lines; fiats
prosptcient to Van Ness ave.: rent $35 and
$40; references. ApDly at 1313 Green st..
between Polk and Larkln.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-59 Geary
st., on the square.
A — SIXTH f ve., 757 — Stinny. pleasant flat of 9
rooms, bath: rent $25; naif block ot park.
SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st.
v. PERFECT country flat, 5 rooms and bath;
$15; large flower garden; cars pass the door;
only one far*. Box 3070, Call office.
CASTRO. 673. near 20t*» — 2 new flats 3 and &
large, sunny rooms: all the latest lmprove-
ments; $27 50 and $32 50; key on premises.
FLAT S rooms and bath; 1103 Buchanan st..
corner Golden Gate ave.; rent $19. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 313 California.
FINE flat. 1S1O Devisadero st.. near Bush — 7
rooms, reception, bath and laundry rooms;
rent reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 4261. near Douglass— 2
new flats; upper. 6 r. and b. ; lower, 5 r. and
b. ; rents reasonable.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, wtth Improvements;
$15 per month; gas and electric lights tree .
43H Noe st.
TWENTIETH ave., 373, near Point Lobos —
Flat. 5 sunny rooms; bath and basement;
rent $20.
A NEW 6-room sunny, tinted Cat.' ' 2632 Post
1 1. : rent reasonable.
BAKER. 731-733— 2 modern flats. 6-7 rooms;
nearly new; very sunny; near McAllister at.
EUREKA. 216, near Nineteenth— New lower
• flat; 5 rooms and' bath; rent reasonable. 1*_ ;
CENTRAL, modern flat; 5 rooms, tot-h." 103(1
Sacramento St., above Powell. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— g— a*l«— Con
i AT Mrs. Lambert's. 418 Powell st.; tel. Main
5332; help of all nation-lUles awaiting po-
sitlons. •
GOOD, reliable young lady seeks position as
bookkeeper; office preferred; can do any
kind of office work; references furnished.
Box 3077. Call office. ¦
A YOUNG girl 3 months frofcn Denmark
wishes to do light housework and care for
children. Address 32 Shotwell St.; please
call Monday from 10 to 4.
YOUNG man and wife want positions; man
experienced coachman, do gardening If re-
quired: wife a good cook cr second work.
Box 32.14. Call office.
AN experienced German girl, best references. !
desires position as nurse to care for chil-
dren; country preferred; city or Oakland.
Box 1443, Call office. Oakland.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes general
housework in small family. Address
Merritt St.. cor. Hattle.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housec>aning. $1 50 and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st^ j
WANTED— Neat young German girl desires
position In a private family to do light house-
work. Box 8306. Call office.
A COMPETENT woman wishes work In nl«
American family; Is a good cook. Box 3250.
Call office. .
EXPERIENCED stenographer, wtth own ma-
chine, desires position; salary 1*0. Box 2640,
Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wants a situation In
private family; best of references. Address
MISS CARLSON. 436 Elizabeth st.
AN experienced typewriter and stenographer
desires position; general office work, collect-
ing, etc.; $10 a week. Boxjm Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires posttlon as house-
keeper, rooming or boarding house. box
2683. Call office. .
EXPERIENCED stenographer desire* work to
do at home; mimeograph specialty. Box iw*.
Call office.
TWO reliable women want positions together;
cook and second girl: references; wages cook,
$30 to J35; second work. $25. Box 3021. Call.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
gcod pianist, best of references to character,
wants a situation. Box 2049. Call office.
COMPETENT woman would like few families
by day to wash, cleaning or chamber work.
48S Gear}' «t.; ohone Brown 32.
YOUNG lady with best city references wishes
position as chambermaid In hotel. Box 3320.
Call office^ -;:¦ "«>-.'
YOUNG lady wishes position In a dentist's or
doctor's office. Apply 2207 Telegraph ave..
Berkeley.
YOUNG lady wishes position In glove house:
some experience. Address box 2735. Call.
WANTED — Laundry work or housecleanlng by
the day. 34S Eighth st.
WANTED— Pocit ion as waitress In country ho-
?el. Box 3151. Call office.
A~RESPECTABLE girl wishes a position In
bakery and candy store. Box 3134. Call.
A YOUNG American girl would like a place
to do housework: $15 to $20. Box 32O4, Call.
WOMAN wishes position requiring executive
ability. P. O. box S7,VBerkeIey.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position for light
housework. Cal) at 169 Minna at.
WANTED — WORK by the day, house cleaning
or washing. Address 115 Hayes st.
A RELIABLE I young married woman "wants
to work by the day. Apply 7 Lilac ave.
TWO Finland girls want place for housework
and plain cooking. 329% Third st.
BY first-class waitress. Inquire 323 First
street.
A TRAINED nurse will give massage at your
home by the month. Box 2637, Call efflce.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day,
washing and ironing. S30 Folsom st.
JAPANESE honest girl wishes situation to tfo
housework and help cooking In small fam-
ily; small wages. 1406 Pacific ave. - > '
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ad3 and rubscrlptlons taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
gMPLOYMEITP WANTED — — AU3.
AAA — Sober all around handy man desires a
steady position; understands gardening, milk-
ing, handy with tools, good horseman and
driver; best of references. Box 2923, Call.
EMPLOYMENT by one-armed man of good
address and habits; experience In Insurance
and clerical work; act as doorman or watch-
man. Box 3239, Call office.
WANTED — Position by young man In either
wholesale or retail shoe store; have also had
experience in gents' furnishing goods. Box
3395. Call office. .
YOUNG man, can take care of all kinds of
sewing machines, wants a position In shirt
or ladies' waist manufactory. STERN, 444^
Third- st.
A SOBER, honest man wants work as stable-
man- can drive, milk cows, or any other
kind of work. Box 1452, Call office, Oakland.
HONEST, willing young man, looking for por-
ter and bartender position, with good refer-
ences. Box 2700. Call office^
YOUNG, strong man with good education wants
to make a start in any line of business; best
reference?. Box 3244, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener; useful; can milk,
handy with tools; good references. Box 3247,
Call office.
UPHOLSTERER, first-class", wants a good,
steady position; city or country. Box 3392,
Call office. : . -:¦?-.;
BY German gardener, experienced and recom-
mended, on private place as first man or
alone. Box 3244. Call office.
BY strong boy who knows city well to drive
light delivery wagon. Box 3246. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class stableman.
Box 3393, Call office.
WANTED — By a young man, situation In a
harness shop; has worked at the leather busi-
ness and is able and competent to sew har-
ness. Address WILLIAM MUND, 14 McAl-
lister st.. room 16.
WANTED — Light employment Immediately;
stranger; educated medicine, surgery; gradu-
ate England pharmacy: stfady. sober, trust-
worthy; any work If living. Box 339S, Call.
CARETAKER, young man. bandy with tools,
wishes to care for houses, hotel or Institu-
tion, where painting, paper-hanging, plumb-
ing locksmithtng, etc.. needs to be done;
country preferred. Box 3254. Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kind; can drive and care for horses.
Box 3364. Call office. , . :-.¦¦:
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation In the
country. Box 3241, Call office.
YOUNG man, with best of references, wants
employment in office, store or outside; speaks
German and English; perfect typewriter:
willing to do any kind of work; moderate
salary. Box 3192. Call office.
A . SOBER, Industrious young: married man
wishes position as clerk in store; has had
four years' experience In general merchan-
dise; can furnish good reference. 2893 How-
ard st.
MECHANICAL enrlneer. Inventive abili
wants Dosltlon with manufacturing cu
pany; prepared to make light metal spec)
ties. Box 3019, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires position with responsi-
ble firm; will open. ' close and systematize
books; contracts taken by the week or
month; reasonable. Box 3344, Call office.
i A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation as clerk In > grocery store and
barroom; good references. W. BOHLING. 417
Keamy st. - ¦ '
ADVERTISING specialist, touring manager
and press agent, varied colonial experience,
just arrived. ¦ desires appointment. Address
box 287«. Call office.
'A YOUNG ; man desires . situation in private
family or, store: Is good salesman: speaks
French: will do most anything; wishes to
study evenings. Box 2665, , Call office.
GARDENER; practical, thoroughly experienced
in all branches of gardening, capable of
taking charge of large grounds." desires - po-
¦ sition. Box 2666, Call- of flee. ;
SITUATION wanted by young man in laundry
(hot*!) of . country .plant: 3*i years" experi-
ence with electric machinery: also ,1. year
firing; references. Box 2C71, Call office.'
WANTED — Position as. collector or outside
... salesman; exp.; good ref. Box .3233. \ CalL;;
YOUNG bartender and piano player wishes po-
sition; city .or country." Box 2375, ' Call. •¦-
THE CALL
JOHN' D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
, Address Communications to
JOIty McX AUGHT ¦• Mlt ??g??
\V. J. MARTTX... .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts.Per Week. 75
Cte. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Terms by Mall. Including Poetage (Cash W ith
Order):
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 1 year... $8.00
PAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 moe... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Mor.lh •••=
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year --M
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year LOO
"1 Dally... $8 SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN I Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. JtVeekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE ATTTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eamp!e Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change cf ad-
er*s« should b« particular to glv» both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In .order to Insure a,
jsrempt and correct compliance with their re-
cuett. •
OAKLAND OFFICE:
S0I6 Broadway Telephone Main 108S
BERKELET OFFICE:
glit Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMTJEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK -NEWS STANDS:
TTaiaorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 81
TTclon Sonare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hcffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eb«rra an House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Haute.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXEES. Martjuette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. '•Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open untfl
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
HtfS MErket rtreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. tn.
C27 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. tn.
300 Hayes street: cpen until 8:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
615 Lerkin trtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
3941 Misfion street; open until 10 p. m.
JOG Eleventh ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
3096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Nortbeart corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
22<V> Fil'.more street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. T>, R. Jl. •
M., will meet THIS (TUESDAY) YY
KVENING, Oct. 18, at 7:30 o'clock. /VA
FtattKi meeting and R. A. degree.
By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and _
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES-'VVf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Second deg-ree. B" order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. e»
M.. Maf-onio Temple. — Third degree >fV
THIS <TUESI>AY) EVENING at /VS
7:3O o'clock. Master Masons are cor-
dially invited.
HENRY E. PENNELL, W. M.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
EAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 860, F. m
and A. M.. Mission Temple — First de vy
gr«r« THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at />r\
7:S0 o'clock. Visiting brethren cor-
dially Invited. Hy order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O. tf v*gg»»~
F. — <>fS*.<>r5 and members of i<vwS__?ia
this lodge sro requpstM to rn*»\.^Jz&g&!SS&
et 1230 Jackson st. on WEDNES- ~iiWwS^
DAY, Oct. 18, at 10 o'clock a. m.. to attend
the funeral of our late brother. GERSON
MICHAEL. G. F. McMANNUS. N. G. .
C. BR1ND. Recording Secretary.
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17. I.O.O.F. <3 _r»<4_
Initiation THIS <TUE£nAY)^;rf§gg8k
KVENING. Visit in? brothers cor-TsJs^StfSr
dially invited to be present. "^^Qf//*^
JOHN ROCK. N. G.
J. R. MORRISON. It. S. •
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The American Association Licensed Officers
on Kail Vessels have moved from 9 Mission,
et. to 44 East St., room 5: meetings EVERY
WEDNESDAY EVENING at 8 o'clock. Mem-
bers are requested to attend.
ALEX BERGMAN. Captain.
J. J. PARKER. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
reived application to mine by hydraulic
process from N. H. Burger, In Dry Gulch
Gravel Mine, near Pleasant Valley.El Dorado
County. Cal.. draining Into Clear Creek,
which reaches Ccsumnes River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room 96 Flood bldg.. San Fran-
ctfco. Cal.. October 31. HK>4. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
XNKI.EES fountain pens: sample 15e: doxen
tl 60: retails 25c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush St.
AGENTS celling Park lots, cash or on the in-
Btallment plan. 4C7 Parrott building.
ATTOa~ETS-AT-IiAW.
H. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6tb floor; entrance room 611; established 26
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AAA— DIVORCE costs. $12; quick, quiet.
Advice free: all law business.
No charge unless successful.
109S Market Ft., cor. Seventh, room 419.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; private. -
Quick, duiet, low fees, no pay in advance.
¦Estab. 22 yrs. G. W. KOWE, 1122 Market st.
K divorce cannct be obtained for $10 or $12.
AA — Divorce; costs $12;qu!ck,quiet;advlce free;
ell law busineze; no charge unless 5>uccess-
ful. open evenings. 927 Market st-. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
corts in advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market sL.r.33.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; quick, quiet;
all law business; no charge unless success -
f-1: cpen evenings. 027 Market, room 204.
¦W.Matthewe. 632 Market «t.; consultation free-
private and confidential; no advance fees;
collections, mechanics' liens, tenants ejected.
L,. S. CLARK. 027 Market, room 304; consulta-
tlon free: no fees in advance: open evenings.
ASTZE2CA CTTE.E.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly
10c. 25c. 50c. J602 Market. St. Nicholas 1
also WUhart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
ASTB.OI.OOY. ¦
ZCBEIDE. astrologer: psychic, occult and as-
t re logical readings. 9 Mason st.. rooms 1-2.
A7JT0M0Bn.ES.
A MODEL Cadillac engine: brand new; used
three months; coiai/!ete, with lamps horns-
extra the*, etc.; price $700. ri3 Sixteenth
st., Oakland.
"B" MODEL Cadillac tooting car: used three
riicntftt; cctxnalete with lamps, horns, extra
tires, etc.; price $900. 513 Sixteenth st..
O-kland.
"WHITE Stanhope. In first-class running con-
dition; a snap for $300. White Garage. Mar-
ket and Franklin sts.
CADILLAC automobile for sale; In first-class
running order; price $750. Box 1572. Call.
PIERCE raotorettes. one new, one almost new.
at a bargain. 123 City Hall ave.
rOR sale— "White" Stanhope, for $350. Box,
, 17S0. Call office. . . * J
BOA— PINO FOE CHEC— -EN.
EXPERIENCED ncrbe will give good home ror
1 or 2 children; Urge yard near school; ref-
erences riven ; reasonable terms. 1338 Ala.
bema st.
IWANT to board a pair of twins S months old;
(Ire full particulars. Addreu 28 Norfolk st. '
SPIBITUAIiIsaa:— -Con tinned .
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
Ufa reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c. 619
McAllister: readings dally; come, skeptics.
MRS. LESTER clairvoyant medium and life
reader; clr. ev. eve'g 10c; read dally. 43 6Uu
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln,
room 49: readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
CA^PET^^EAT^N^^yj^CTKAHCTO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process use4
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal ;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at chop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 47D.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating WorkZ
833 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
«UDOLPH & CO,, carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
v _, w COj^IjBC~IO~ OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. Paciflo Collection Co., 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
CI.OTHINO RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
, warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates $5; full set; all work "painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teetn
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 yp; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist. r. 14, 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Gpary st.
to corner Sutter and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
. tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 969 Mission, cor. 6th
DBESSMAKEBS AND SEAMSTEESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art'B button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gereon School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
,M. J. CONROY, public stenographer, expert
and crivate shorthand teacher: typewriting
and mimeo~aphing. Room 227, Emma
Spreckels buldg. , ¦
ENGINEERING— Civil elec, min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est.1864; Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA School Elocution and Oratory,
Physical culture — Day and evening; class or
private. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. Mason and Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, En*., math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual instr. 305 Larkln St., Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
CLASSES in short story writing and journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m
333 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
: LEGE. 1382 Market st. S.end for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 1281 Market st.; large sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writing,
et:.. $5 mo. ; private. 12S1 Market St., r. 704.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs
O'MALLEY'S Dancing Academy. 1164A O'Far-
rell — Adults Thursday, juveniles Saturday.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market — Posi-
¦"* tlons, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club, $1 per mo. 828 Haight st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg*my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight;
individual instruc: all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.: 75-page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. 838 Sacramento. Tel. James 026J.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
A— ORPHEUM . Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl, mgr., tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLES Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOY— ENT WAKTED— -FEMALE.
GERMAN woman wishes a few places by the
day, washing and ironing; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress German Woman, Call Branch, 300
| Hayes' st.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position as cham-
, bermald | and mind . a baby or general house-
work In a small family; will live across the
• bay. Call at 258% Tehama st.
A CHRISTIAN lady with little girt wishes po-
sitlon as housekeeper. Call 12 to 1 p. m.. or
6 to 7 p. m., 020 Bush st.
HOUSEWORK by middle-aged French woman
•in small family; city or country: is- a good
cook. Address 230 Montgomery ave.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wants position as
, second girl; can do some sewiaj;. 1123A
Sta'nyan st. ¦ •
COMPETENT German girl wants work of any
kind by the hour; 25c per hour. Apply 313
j Taylor at. - ' ,
WANTED— .By a young woman with a child,
position as housekeeper for one person. Ad-
dress box 1453, Call office. Oakland.
•WANTED— Position as saleslady ¦ in candy
store. Apply 639 Golden Gate ave., MISS
: McCOY. .
SITUATION wanted, by elderly woman to do
housework;: good plain cook. Call 145%
Fifth st.
CHAMBERWORK and sewing or maid's
. place. Write to 2235 Washington Bt.
A FIRST-CLASS - cook • wants position in prl-
vate family. Apply at 1605 Pacific ave. ', ?. -. ;.
A LADY with a child wishes position as house-
keeper. Call to-day, 830 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants
situation, to do general housework ;' good ref.
! erences. Call 1515 Treat . ave., oil Folsom
A< RESPECTABLE Swedish . woman wishes
¦ days' ; work:-.- washing., ironing -^ or ' cleaning.
; Address by ¦ letter C. S.. 1169 Mlaslon st.
FRENCH ¦:. laundress; does', fine' washing at
¦*• home ; open ' air dry. , Phone . Page 7931. •; - .:
DRESSMAKER,, «tpert..*C wants 'engagement;
'best references. Box 3092." Call office.
BOARDING I*OB C—UiPBEN— Con.
WANTED — A child or infant to board; first-
class references. Apply to 354 Orizaba ave..
Ocean View.
WANTED — To board small children. 1021 Van
Ness ave.
WANTED — To board small children. 1426
Pacific ave.
GERMAN lady would like to board children;
near ICth-Et. station. 1045 17th St.. Oakland.
MASON. 1S16— Child to board.
WANTED— A little girl to board. 2262 Mis-
sion st.
1015 JACKSON— Little girt to board; good
home.
SMALL child to board In private family; best
of care. 861% Greenwich tt.
BUSINESS CHANCES. _;
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few
blocks south of Market St.; net rent $90;
lease 4 years; average monthly receipts
$1100; value in Eight. See R. G. WILKE,
26*^ Kearny Ft.
A— J1500; HARDWARE- and plumbing cosiness;
location the very best; established years, and
a first-class paying business. All particulars
R. G. WIL.KE. 2B% Kearny st.
A — $C300; TRANSFER and express business; 6
horses, 5 wagons, bus, road buggy, harness
and stock; business established years; clear*
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location on Gear}' St.; rent $30; lease; a good
paying and old establ. business; disagree
ment of partners cause of sale. See K. G.
WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1400; DAIRY produce store with branch
bakery, confectionery and Ice cream parlor;
best location; about 1% blocks from Market
St.; daily receipts from $25 up. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy »t.
A— $300; CIGAR stand: rent $30: only 2 blocks
from Call ouildlng; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $1800— CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
lease; a good paying business; value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. Bee R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny el
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; 6 living rooms; rent $45; 4^ years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R- G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st. _____
A— $2S0O; CORNER bakery and confectioner!'.
Ice cream parlor, etc., 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50; one of the best of its kind of busi-
ness in the city. See R. G. WILKE. 26&
Kearny et.
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar. with
living-rooms; rent $45 ; best location on Mis-
eton St.; place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. Bee
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Keamy 8t.
A— $(»00; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $17.'»;
place doing good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE,36%Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE, 26>£ Kearny st.
A — $2G5O; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay: 21 horses. 2 hacks, 1 coupe. 18 bug-
gies, harness, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying busin-ess; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 60 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; In lively
business town; place making. money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Keamy St.
A — $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms: rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny St.
A— $2600; HOTEL Jn San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion: rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny St.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
etreet; rent $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S0O; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Keamy st.
A — $25,000; PARTY wanted with amount to
take Interest In old established wholesale firm
doing enormous buslneFS, both locally and
foreign; money desired to complete extension
cf new business now under way; the goods
of this firm are universally known as stand-
ard throughout the world; have agencies in
all large cities; this is a genuine offer, and
to the right party an elegant opportunity to
Invest with an absolute guarantee; only par-
ties able to furnish commercial references
need apply.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market St.,
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468. '
FINE OPPORTUNITIES. '
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
NO triflers need to apply. If you mean busi-
ness see BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$350 PARTNER. $450 partner. $500 partner,
$1000 partner, J3000 partner, $4000 partner.
See BERG & POPP, 318 Keamy st.
SALOONS near Market St.; bargains. Call at
once. BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny Bt.
$600 TO $2750 — Restaurants In good locations;
bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318 Keamy.
$375 TO $1000 — Cigar stands In good locations;
bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearoy.
$1000— PARTNER In manufacturing business;
must be capable tend to office; stands inves-
tigation. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
IF you are looking for a good hotel, resort or
hot springs, call on or write
F. L. 8KAGGS & CO., V
Western Hotel Brokers,
20 Montgomery at., San Francisco.
Phone James 6301.
A — $600 AND services secures a % Interest in
old-cstab. manufact'g business clearing $300
to $400 monthly; party must be able manage
office or shipping dept.; must be sober and
Industrious. Kee Brookbank, 917 Market st.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle, unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott square,
Buffalo.
WANTED — Grub stake by an experienced
prospector and miner to prospect in Tonopah
gold fields; will sign contract for one year.
i The Almonte, 873 Market, room 73. •
ENERGETIC young man' wants to put $5000
and more if necessady into a well established
mercantile business and ; take active part.
Box 3391, Call office.
WANTED— Partner; $1000 cash In a first-
class manufacturing business; references
given and required. Box 3399, Call office.
ACTIVE man wanted as partner In chophouse;
$150 required: can make $60 a month. 632
Market tt.. room 6.
SALOON for sale, cheap. 514% Battery St..
opposite Postofflce.
WANTED — Partner; 15 rooms and bar; 3
years' lease. 210 and 212 East st.
FOR wale — A laundry doing $200 worth of work I
per week In a prosperous town of 3500 lnhab- '
ltasts; no other laundry within 20 miles; rea-
eoii of sale, retiring from the laundry busi-
ness. Address box 2972. Call office.
BARGAIN — Only millinery store in town; large
country trade; established 11 years; must sell
at once on account sickness; will sell cheap.
MRi>. F. C. NEVIS, box 3, Pleasanton. Cal.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kind*
' of drawing and tracing win be done chean
* and exactly. Box 1718. CalL
FOR eale — First-class grocery and delicacy
•tore; account of sickness. 3601 Army st.,
corner San Jose ave. .
A CORNER grocery delicatessen, with 2 fur-
nished rooms; rent $15; 3- year lease. Box
2729. Call office. '
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, with 4; living rooms; can't be beat.
798 Hayes st.
GOOD ' business proposition; sale or partner.
Apply 283 Geary st.,-room 36. •
GOOD corner saloon, on account of death. ; la- !
CUire li'JS Howard it. j
Z.ODQINQ-HOtrBEB FOB _SA_^g--_Cg_
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 400. EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts., tel. Black 3607; free list of
hotels and rooming houses for sale. WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
AN especially well furnished rooming-house In
good location on sunny sidi;; 12 large rooms:
income $60 over rent- electric lights; refined
roomers; will sell at a sacrifice. MARION
G1UFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
PARTLY FURNISHED— 14 nice rooms in fine
location; 7 blocks north of Market; rent
$70; 7 rooms furnished, 7 unfurnished; price
$500; we back you for part.
MARION GRIFFIN.
OFFER WANTED this 'week on a most beau-
tifully furnished 70-room house; NEW and
modern building; low rent; 5-year lease;
high class roomers; double frontage; house
with worlds of sunshine; sickness of man-
ager necessitates a sale; come and Investi-
gate; tell us what terms you'd like and we
shall endeavor to arrange to suit you.
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
MY HOVSE has 20 rooms. "
MY RENT Is only $60
MY MONTHLY profit is $60.
My price was $1600; is now $1200.
My terms are one-third down and $20 monthly.
My only reason is bad health.
My only agent is MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOMELY FURNISHED house of 17 |
rooms on Van Nes 8 ave.; rent $65; lease if,
desired; now clears $73; nice back yard;
flower garden in front; easy to take care of;
owner is sick; price reduced to $1000; easy
terms.
. MARION GRIFFIN.
I BANK $138 monthly as my book will
show; but I must sell and go East
ON MORE IMPORTANT BUSINESS.
I have a nice, clean house of 33 rooms.
Any reasonable offer will be accepted;
I would take $1COO down, balance In
SMALL PAYMENTS.
See my sole agent.
! MARION GRIFFIN.
THE OWNER SAYS:
"No stranger will be permitted
to inspect my house uniess an
agent MARION GRIFFIN'S office
comes along. I am away from
home most of the time and my
wife is afraid of strange people
who try to get in on all kinds
of excuses. The house makes a
good living for two and ?!)4 over.
I can sell on easy terms to
any sober and Industrious man and
wife who have $500 to $1000 cash." See
MARION GRIFFIN.
SUTTER STREET — 9-room corner flat; price
$450; part cash; worth $850: rent low.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406, Examiner bldg.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED apartment-house
of 24 rooms; clean and new and nice; north
of Market: profit $76 monthly; price $2500.
reduced to $1800 and (If you can give good
references) 1st payment to $400.
MARION GRIFFIN.
The Real Estate Agent.
20 rms., downtown, nr. theaters: rent $75: rea-
sonable offer accepted. MITCHELL. 1206 Mkt.
ClAIBVOYAyTS.
A— A—
KHIRON,
Greatest living clairvoyant, adviser on busi-
ness, love and domestic affairs.
KHIRON will positively make no charge for
his work unless you are entirely satisfied and
find him superior to any palmist, medium or
clairvoyant in the city; reads your entire life
from infancy to old age; tells your full name,
what you called for, whom and where you will
marry, giving names, dates, facts and figures;
restores youth and lost vitality; cures disease.
Do you wish to possess the key to the vaults
of love, friendship, success and fame?
Know the secret of control — the power to In-
spire trust and confidence and win success in
business, social or financial . life.
"Arise! Throw off . thy shackles." Ex-
change sorrow for Joy — darkness for light. "Be
master of your own destiny."
If you are in doubt, unhappy, unlucky, dis-
couraged, dissatisfied, in ill health or under
evil influence, consult KHIRON. the greatest
living psychic adept, and he will aid you; for
mail readings inclose date of birth, lock of
hair, 5 questions and $1. Hours from 10 a. m.
to S p. m. Sundays 11 to 4. Special low
fee. SI.
1031— Market St.— 1031.
THE greatest living adviser on the continent,
. RICHARD MAYO.
Reduced charges this week.
Full life reading. $1 00.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you call
for; give dates, facts and names of departed
or absent friends; he tells every wish of your
life, how to gain success in. love, courtship,
marriage, divorce; whether you'll be success-
ful In business affairs; in fact no matter what
may be your fear, hope or ambition, call on
this Rifted man and find relief; his descrip-
tions of your friends and enemies are as real
as though they stood before you; he will s«?nd
you away happier, wiser and bolder than ever
before; tells you whom and when you will
marry, settles love quarrels, promptly reunites
the- separated, no matter how long standing,
positively mentioning your sweetheart's full
name: he tells everything, good or bad; you
hear the truth and nothing but the truth;
all business confidential. 421 Ellis St. (pri-
vate). walk in; hrs. 10 to S daily and Sunday.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant «nd
palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell if hus-
band, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell everv hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will Improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength In mental and bodily vigor
end luck that insures success in business,
mining and speculation; I Implant controlling
power in your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause marriage
with the one of choice. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
Closed Sunday. 326— O'Farrell st.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD — — THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Exam-
iner bldg. ;. she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them: valuable ad-
vice in ell affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed ; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45C9.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of ; the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know , how you will succeed,
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
ling you and of the schemes of your enemies,
that you may meet with better success? Then •
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE, I
428 Eddy st. ; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m.-8 p. m. i
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant, me-
dlum. born with double veil and second sight,
gives lucky days; tells past, present, future.
Ladies 50c; G.. by cards, $1; palmistry, clair-
voyant sittings. $1 50. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
' A — Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
. . tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
flay evening. 6 to 8. Phone South . 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm. :
' ; reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A — Mme. . Ravenna reads life;. business advice;
' names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis St.. near Market
MRS. RICHARDSON, from London, England,
clairvoyant, card reader. 313 Ellis st. ; no
sign. , .-:•- '¦•
i PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
• er: readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m.;612 Jessie st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 1 25c,
•„ gents -50c. 051 Mission, nr.; 6th; open Sun,
MME. MARSEAU, ¦•clairvoyant.'.- card reader;
ladles 25c; gents 50c. 545 Minna- st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves: 25c up. . 612% Eddy St.; no Blgn.;
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. ,'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper.' for mailing, $1 per year.
_ BFiaiTTJAUSM. f ' f1\
ARRIVED , from New , York, * Prof . , Fred P. ' Ev-
1 -? ans, ; : famous psychic • for slate- writing,- clalr-
[ voyance. Office, 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott: 887.
BUSnfESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON &" CO Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go -East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., S Eddy st.
FOR Bale— First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California: 50 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
> horses, buggies, backs and coupes; long es-
tablished and doinc a good business; owners
retiring, cause of eale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
FOR gale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry, lae
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN Ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished; 2
bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
, many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 even' Sun-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
I see CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay, Krain. feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F.; cheat) rent: horses and wagons: all
equipments; nresent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500, to $800 per month: trial given if
deshed; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR tale — Fine little 8-room cottage and barn:
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished; horse ana
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
RESTAURANT for eale; on account of elck-
ne?e; eeats 40 people; new French range, and
in complete running order; doing a business
of $20 per day. Address box 1952, Call office.
A WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon (here for 12
f year?) for sale on account of retiring. Box
1749, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale in the Mission; con-
venient to transfer corner. Address box 1964,
' Call office.
DESIRABLE city lote to exchange for a busi-
ness. Address, with particulars, box 1600,
Call office.
$750 — ROOM and boarding house In Oakland.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oak-
land. ,,
GOOD paying carriage trimming, harness and
carriage business; bargain; account of sick-
ness. 373 Tenth et.,' Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— Machines, fixtures, good will,
established tailor chop; power; low rent.
Box 3131, Call office.
FOR good Government land, adapted to" all
crops and good climate, water for irrigation,
under U. S. Gov. system. 305 Larkln St., r.49.
A GOOD chance for a showqard writer with $50
to make money. For particulars, write to
J. W. A., 330 North First St., San Jose. Cal.
11200 A YEAR for life secured by small
monthly payments for a short time only.
INVESTOR, 518 Parrott bldg.
FOR sale — Bar; 4 furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; on Mission road. Inquire
E. MONI, 810 Pacific st, bet. 8 and 9 a. m.
FOR sale — Cigar stand, near water front; day
trade; price $650; rent $30. Box 1909. Call.
FOR sale — Cigar store in Oakland. Address
box 19S9. Call office.
SALOON for sale; fine location In Oakland;
good business. Address box 1571, Call office.
$175 — CANDIES and pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. .625 Taylor at. ,
A SNAP — First-class flower store for $400; es-
tablished 11 years. Call 80S Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 rages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
I.0DGINQ-— OPSEB FOB BASE.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 105o!
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap rent: 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here Is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Eutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 60 per room; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house:
electric lights,, bell and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer;
exclusively with us.
90-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every ap-
pointment heart could wish; this little gem at
bargain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city;' account of sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership. ,-. -;¦¦;¦
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine .proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
80 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectaBle, mon-
ey-making house; ' part down, balance • reason-
able interest.
9-room flat; rent only $50: water free; oak
furniture: good carpets; must sell; price $400.
128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central: good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovate*};
all In fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. :-y::?"4.H
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON. 3 Eddy^ st.
HOTELS. . - •¦
C. E. HINKLEY, PHONE MINT 796.
1020 MARKET ST. OPP. 5th St.
RELIABLE DEALINGS and BASY TERMS.
SATISFACTION TO ALL.
OUR SPECIALS.
14 rooms. Ellis st.; yours for only......... $850
20 rooms, one floor; lease; mechanics..:... $475
25 rooms north of Market; speculation. ... $850
31 rooms, 12 unfurnished; clears $70..... $1050
14 rooms, 4 unfurnished; a snap. ...... ....$250
50 rooms, men roomers; rent $50. ....... .51400
8 sur-ny rooms, sunny corner; rent $27.... $200
12 roo-ns, near Market st. ; rent $30. ...... .$375
20 rooms. Sixth St.; clears $02............. $700
30 rooms, men roomers: clears $90. . .... . .$850
14 rooms, Bush St.; rent $40 ...$350
AND MANY OTHERS.
THIS is a bargain; 24-room lodging-house on
fine street; rooms all : full; are . newly j fur-
nished; bath and running water; , owner is
compelled to leave city: no Other reason for
selling;. rent is reasonable and on lease; In-
vestigate. Box 1521. Call office. :.
MITCHELL & CO. ............
1206 Market st..;;....v.Phone Jessie 2981.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels - and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
. MITCHELL & CO. .-.
A SNAP— Eight ' finely « furnished rooms, ¦ on a
.business corner; warm belt. Mission; $300.
clears $34; . party leaving city; - no agent.
Box 3108, Call office. V .
12-ROOM house; only $20 rent; $600 cash; well
furnlehed. v 525 Jessie at." bet. 6th * and i 7th.
NICE room ins -house , for' tale. Call • 254,* Turk
- street. ": ; • ; _- : ¦¦-... ' . : -¦._-¦¦ [ --.t ¦-_.'
YOU CAN ABANDON YOUR WORRIES^^_PTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER IS. 1004.
13
MATRIIAOITIAXj. I
GENTLEMAN. 25. small means, desires ac-
quaintance of lady; object matrimony. Box
3308, Call offlce.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5*4 AND\S PER CENT
CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY '
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107- 10S Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5024.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-tia*-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by- dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trutrt.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Ne*d Mon»y,
See HERMAN' MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400, Call offlce.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security: any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-hou«es. without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private plai'e to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
DOS Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
YOUNG &. CO.. room 537 Parrott bldg., loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc.. at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries, Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
near Market.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co., 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. P07 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2rt Montgomery st.. rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Intereat; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Barron 4
Hall, room 1213 Call bMg. ; phone Main 3214.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry;
confd. . Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.,722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALLIoans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. . S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
1 1 .
: 3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CAFH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6<j0 Examiner building.
XTE^^G^N^nN^U^PRlo^iT^BXRG^INsT^
Mussard— Small upright, flne order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling— Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1ft O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes In used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary st.; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560-82-04
• Hayes st; tel. Fell 5761.
SIMPLEX piano players, like new; former
price. $250; now $135. 763 Market st. sec-
ond floor.
FINE mahogany upright: former price, $350;
now $138. .769 Market st., .Second floor.
LARGEST size upright piano in flne condition;
$100. 769 Market St., second floor.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150: private party
301 Eddy st.
$90 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand-
Shonlnger. little used. KeeflVs. 2«5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent — New modern store; best location in
city, hat and gents' furnishing store; must
be good. ' responsible people. Address statins
references, box 144C. Call office, Oakland.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian-American Bank
bldg.. SE. cor. Montgy. A Sacto: light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy.
NICELY furnished offlce room: airy, splendid
light; Janitor and telephone privileges (pri-
vate exchange). Apply *_'l>4 California st- ¦
DESK room In flne, light offlce; cheap to right
party. 30 Geary St., room 9.
FINE store, with basement: lease. 1217
Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FOR rent— Section of Jarge loft: light and airy
L. MTNK. 1«* N>w MrmtnmiTv nt . 7th flrnr
' 3PEJSSO3*TA.r.S. _^
A— MME. GILLINGHAM.
DERMATOLOGIST.
Ha« removed her parlors to 14.1 Stockton st..
Union-square bldg.. ever Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris, room IS, where she will continue
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes.
THE Star Hair Remeay restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
snd Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; atdrupjrlsts'. hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 133SPol1c.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore threat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL &. BROWN. 4f> Turk St.. S. P.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
. lbliO. 2:22 Fillmore st.; phone Geary 2053.
BEST on earth — Barraclas liver, kidney. a;"-«f.
rheumatism and stomach troubles cur.-i; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant are.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
¦ On the worst bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farre'I st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoau
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Loadon
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 39
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 34O Pest st_. near Pawels.
MRS. HOL6HOUSER. 320 Starr King bldg.,121
Geary— Oxygen, electrolysis, massage.
SUITS to order on Installments of tl per week.'
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy-
vest e. for $14 73. Fred ; Wagner. 830 Market.
EAST Installments for Men and Youths. Bulu
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $13 up. LEMO3. 1127
/Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in flne diamonds; easy. paymeata.
P. V. GARIN, 138 Montgomery at
HOjerSES ! rUBIflSHETi— FOB SALE.
FOR sale — Finely furnished house 0 rooms;
rent reasonable; l^ays well. 27 Laskie St.. oe-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission.
$350— HOUSE of h rooms; well furnished; rent
$27 50. 11 S3 Oak st
FOR sale — 10-room furnished house. 45 Sacra-
mento st.; rent cheap.
_2 I.OST A2TD POTjprD.
LOST — Monday afternoon, between 3:30 and 6 ;
o'clock, a roll of greenbacks. Finder will j
please return to safe deposit vaults of Crock- :
er-Woolworth Bank and receive liberal re-
ward.
LOST — White female fox terrier; yellow ears,
spot on side; boy's pet; reward. Ill Guer-
rero st.
LOST— Gold clasp and letter "R" attached.
Reward if returned to 7O.'{ Webster st.
LOST— Cockor spaniel. • Return to E. SAND-
FORD. C0J*4 Halght St.; reward.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, in Tivoll Opera-
hous* a lady's sold watch. Please return
to MISS MacNEIL.. 36 Glen Park ave., off
Twelfth St., bet. Mission and Howard; reward
LOST— 13th. cardcase with R. R. pass Reno to
Los Angeles, telegrapher card. Odd Fellow
due receipt. Return to 800 Van Ness ave.,
Van Eddy House; reward.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and stiver to the Mod-
ern Watch Cas* Factory to be made Into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st.
jLAUgCHIS FOB HIBB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2*586.
MATTBESSES AWP PILLOV3.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
' I
„, MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe. s«re and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures: no ex-
orbitant fee?; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREK: 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders: call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON, office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; So years' experience. ><2t> Post St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles ami irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10061a Market 8t, opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
lnce and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
visiting the leaiilng sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or'about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st. .
DR. G. W. ODON'NELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. B11A Leavenworth st., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Glea-"«on-Rug£les Drug Co., Kearny 8c Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st, corner
26th; ladies, relief or -no fee: $10.
MIKES AITD Mill UP. .
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO, Crossley bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SAtE._
2D-JIAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shaftlftg, etc., etc., bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with rrlvll€ge of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
- LENDER. e52 Mission St.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
weddlns rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
CHOICE of Boston muslcale or Courtols slide
trombone, almost new, at less than half
price. 763 Market St.. second floor.
OSTRICH plumes at manufacturers" prices;
this week only. Fleur de Lla Millinery. 58t
McAllister st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full' dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's 'shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d-,st, Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st, room 12, upstairs.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market St.
REGISTERED, pedigreed ccllle bitch and pups
for sale cheap. 374 Predta ave., nr. Harrison
FOR sale — Two *4 iron beds, mattresses; also
oil heater; cheap. S47 Hyde st.
5x7 LONG focus Premo, tripod, plate holders,
carrying case. 212C Fillmore st.
CROCHET bedspread. Flat 1, 133 Tehama
street.
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers, lnclud-
j Ing Nationals, guaranteed; term*. 14 Turk st
SAFES and desks, prices right, at Richardson
Bros.. 123-155 New Montgomery, nr. Mission.
Wallpaper. 3V>e; paint, $1 gal.; painting, whitl
enlng. Merigan. 1302 Webster: tel.Stelner 3671
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sasn.
.plumb, material. The.DoIan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' camples In grips and
trunks; for eale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant soalskln for sale for $73. SE-
. CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. $50; terms $5 per
- month. P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
I SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices Call or
I write CAL. MACHINE ,CO.. 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third; tel. Main 413.
1 DESKS bought sold and exchanged. • T. D.
[ McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission gt. : tel. South Sll.
' FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL. 1021 V, Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, tale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
' MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. .V.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t.
MISCETAANEOT/B WAITT8.
AA— BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladles' As
men's clothes. 822 Folsom; tel. Folsom S522.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
I cash. KARI*. EBER & CO.. room 406^ Ad-
ams bldg.. 200 Kearny st ; phone Black 3036.
WANTED — Two second-hand Chandler and
Price job presses for cash. Write box 33DG,
Call offlce. ¦ __* *
WANTED— A ' very small tame female mon-
key.: 301 Eddy st.
HIGHEST, prices for ladies', gents' castoff clothl
I ji* etc,' «tc. ¦ ; Tel. -Davis S25; 650 Sacramento st.
HIGHEST prices i paid; -gents* .castoff clothing
• and shoes. Tel. ' Red : 1544. ; 615 Washington st
TILTON, wants ; good second-hand clothing . and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851. i
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 034 and 630 Clay st.
Phone Main SMS,
Leading Employment and I^abor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
I'JuT We Gave 1004 We Hope to
W.0C0 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenter*. Calaveras County, long Job,
$¦ 23 day.
4 house carpenters, country. $3 50 to $4 day.
'A millwrights, country. $3 SO day.
.'' carp-iuers. $!»0; 4 ranch carpenters. $40 fd.
J bench hands; 12 cabinet-makers.
. 3 bUcksmiths; 10 carpenters.
6 pluinbirs,. north, fare paid. S hours. $4 day.
4 irt'n molUers, $3 50 day; 3 plasterers, $4 50'
•lay 2 brushmakers; matcher and sticker
2 pl'edrlver men, country, $3 day.
4 pliiTiti»-rs. bricklayer, •painUr.
.'{ pnp> r-hangers. city. $.< to $4 day.
MURRAY & READY, 034 and U3ti CUy st.
A— READ THESE
CAREFULLY!
3 exrKTiTi'jfd chicken pickers. $15 week.
3 h'stlers. $60: 5 stablemen, city and coun-
try $'*5 and found.
Apple racker, country. S32 60 and found.
10 FARM HANDS.
12 plow teamsters. $30 to $35 found.
•> milkfrs- 8 choremen: private and ranches.
16 BOYS BOX FACTORY.
12 laborers, lumber company, north. $60.
Boy for grocery store, city. $7 week.
•J» laborer*, city and country.
MURRAY Ac READY, t»4 and 636 Clay St.
A— ARE YOU A
COCK, WAITER. DISHWASHER. PORTER.
BUTCHER OR BAKER?
12 butchers, city and country shops and
fc'atiRhter-house; block butcher, fare $1, $50
an<1 found.
»?ausRg«-maker. south. $40 fd.
Sheep and hog butcher. $70 to $100 month.
4 cooks, 5 waiters, 8 dishwashers and
kitchen hands.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A.— GOLD AND SILVER.
COAL AND COPPER
MIXES. MINE?. MINES.
FIVE
Machine miners; gold mine, Mariposa Coun-
ty; $90.
TEN
Hand miners; gold quartz mine; $$2 50.
TWO
Timbermen: gold mine; $S2 50.
TEN COAL MINERS.
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
Oo<M mine; pood accommodations; $3 to
$3 75 per day.
Pee us about it; It's, good.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
FOREMAN.
Scraper foreman, good job. $65 and found.
Man for pile driver, country. $¦'{ day.
Blacksmith, small camp, $40 and found.
Pipe fitter, city Job. 40c hour; camp cook:
5 ranch teamsters, north, $40 and found;
porter for general mercantile etore, city, $12
BLACKSMITH. MINE.'
Blacksmith, mine, see boss here, $3 day.
5 muckers, same mine $2 50 day.
MINE
PEE BOSS HERE.
fl hand drillers gold mine, see boes here,
$S2 50.
DRILLERS AND TEAMSTERS.
5 drillers, fare 10c $2 25: 6 teamsters. $2 25
day; 10 plow teamsters'. $3f> to $35 and fd.
TYPEWRITER.
Typewriter for this offlce.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
AT KORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
New railroad work, near city: laborers, $1 75;
drillers. $2; free fare; long Job.
Young man for soda fountain. $S.
Man to run hand roller, bitumen work, $2 75.
Man to trim, bitumen work. $2 75.
Buggy washer, Oakland, $35 and found.
Cock, country, $25 to $40.
Lumber pller, north. $2 75 to $3.
Amador County, teamsters, $2; railroad.
TWO butlers for families, $35 and $45; 3 wood-
choppers, $2 25 ccrd; farmers. $35 and found:
young- man for planing mill. $1 50 day; cook,
country hotel. $50. f*»e employer here; restau-
rant porter, saloon porter and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S offlce, S17 Stockton st. — Butler.
$45; choreman, private place near city. $25;
relief cook, 2 days a week; waiter, $30; as-
sistant waiter, $20: bellboy. $10; kitchen
hand. $30; nurseryman, $25, etc. ,
MEN to loam the detective profession. 797
Market st., room 104.
FOR SALE — A bargain: two-chair barber
shop; must go East. 1608 Devlsadero st.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
st, third fl<x>r. room 4.
BARBER KhoD for sale on Market st. ; very
reasonable. APDly Call efflce.
MAN to learn the barber trade. We pay you
while learning. 751 Mission st
WAITFR wanted. 43 Third st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln..75c
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only Institution teaching the ton-
sorial art. Call or write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College. 649
Saeamento St.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars.. Paciflc Correspcnd-
• ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop in the country for
eele; all oak furniture and continuous mir-
rors; one cf, the best towns In the State; side
line pays rent. Address box 2977. Call offlce.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Rtno House proprietor, has
fiddei 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third et.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
! ALL men— Barber trade taught In barber
shops; wages paid while learning; the only
practical method. 647 Commercial st.
SAILORS nnd young men fgreen hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 415.
PENFIDN Atty.. E-A.Bullts. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas. Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. 5fi3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS "WANTED.
WANTED — Active, educated men of business
ability to sell the new International Ency-
clopedia. DODD, MEAD & CO.. 561 Parrott
building.
MAN or woman to canvass In Oakland: $6 a
day. 1114 Washington St.. room 3. 10 to 12.
HORSES AND WAOOIT3,
FOR sale — For want of use, a beautiful pair
of matched ponies, bays with black points,
SI Inches high; kind and gentle to drive sin-
gle and double. Can be seen at the Olympic
Club stables. 503 Sutter st
'¦ FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. fe.F.
1 FOR sale — Brown mare 0 years old, weight
1300 pounds, 16ft- hands high. Box 15S2
Call offlce.
¦
: WANTED — To buy a second-hand business
buggy In good running- order. Address box
1766. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Rubber tire hack at a bargain If
called for early. Apply 29 Bourbon place.
NEW and second-hand buggies, surreys and
wagons. 100 Golden Gate ave.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
! wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission St., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every_ Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
neaf. work fc driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO^ET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN Sc CO.. 20 Montgomery
BROADWAY. 19S2. near Lacuna — 8 rooma.
bath; marine view; rent $42 50.
HOUSES^TOJCJET— rUBNIS HEP.
FOR rent — Modern furnished house; S rooms
and bath: electric lighted; 2328 Paciflc ave.;
2 car lines pas* the door. For further par-
ticulars ascly M. SYLVIA. 17 and - Vi
Batt-ry st.
NICELY furnished 11-room house; sunny side;
reasonable. 50tJ Eddy st.
. nrvAxip cblaibs. ; ."_ :"•-';-
SOLD. - rented, exchanged : •: . manufacturers i of
Eamos tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. : tel. Park 775.
gEEP WAWTEP~rEMAriE--Contiaued.
AA-EilPl/»YKS' REGISTER CO.
«U-« CHRONICLE BLIXJ. JAMES 2U21.
Stenographer, $40 month,
loung laiy, burnt leather work, $S0 start.
Women and girls to leain trade. $1 50 to
?•» 50 day.
Women 10 operate sewing machines, good
waget.
Other positions to suit applicants.
A EECOXP girl. Xapa. $25; cook. $S5: house- :
work Kirl. two in family. $3ct; two irooks. \
t'.'M each; nursegirl. $2<>: cook. Institution, :
$3.'; women for oleanlnc. int-tttution. $Zi. '
MRS. NORTON, .Vs Mason st. ;
WANTED— A girl in family of 4; country; 1
_'*' a '? f is_$25 : _Apply 2224 Clay s*.
A FEW ladles to assist making new line deco-
rative fancy work; done at home by the
piece; abr^ut 10c hour at flrat. Call 9 to 0.
1344 Market et.
EXPERIENCED serving machine operators on
overalls, «-»>ats and 1ump?m: steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS &. CO.. 32% Fremont St.
Apply tn Mr. Davis.
GENTEEL girl to a«=i«t In very light house-
work; slpep home; wages $8. 11.15 Masonic
ave.. apartment 3.
FIFTY Indies to sell Rowland Instantaneous
dye »oap; can earn $12 to $15 per week: call
any timtf. 622 Hayes st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. W>dnesday; salary no object.
WANTED— First-class finishers] 1200 Geary
street.
, . ,
WOMAN to travel: references. Address box
"Kkj5, Call offlce.
AT Mrs. Lambert's. 41S Powell—Help of all
nationalities wanted to till various positions.
WANTED— Middle-aged lady at 2918 Twenty-
second fct.; Scandinavian.
— — — —^—^_____
¦ YOUNG women of good education to train for
nurses: paid while learning. Box 27K1. Call.
HEJLP WAJfTTED — MALE.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.^
*><•« Market Bt., room S2S, fifth fl.x>r.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant. $15 to $25 week.
Stenographer, $15 week.
Manager department store. $2T> wepk.
Bill ami entry clerk, $15 week.
Druz i-lerk, $12 week.
Checker, $13 week.
Timekeepers, $15 week.
Accountant. $15 to $25 week.
Collector and solicitor. $15 week.
Floor manager. $1S week.
Two shipping clerks. $15 week.
Draughtsman. }1S week.
General offlce work, $1."> week.
Bank clerk, bend required, $25 w*ek
Youni man learn dentistry. $10 week.
gu«3 Market St.. room 325. fifth floor.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Offlce
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
NEW R. R. WORK— FARE $1.
20 Ubonra $1 73
Ship to-night Call early
Italian cook and helper, country hotel.... $80
Man and wife (Italian), cook and helper
country hotel $80
W'alt.r. country hotel $25
Carpet lay«r. city hotel $40 board
Peru r. restaurant $30
Milker and butter maker, boss here. State
of Nevada $40 found
C. Ft. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Offlce.
429 Bash st 642 CUy st.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.,
64-65 CHRONICLE BLDG. JAMES 2621.
Watchmaker, city, best 6a!ary-
Engraver, city, best salary.
Watchmaker and salesman, $75 month.
2 young collectors. $50 guaranteed.
Dentist, city. $V» start.
2 prescription elerka, $75 to $1M) month.
Salesman lor market. $15 week.
Leather bag maker. $UO week.
Candy helper. $10 week.
2 union house painters. $3 50.
Buggy washer, city, $2 50.
Bellboy ar.d waiter, city. $25.
City salesman, good salary-
Boy, printing offlce. $1 day.
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.
Phone James U76. 612 Merchant st.
A good carpenter. $3 50, s hours, long job.
10 single hand miners. $3. & hours, two
years' work guaranteed. ,
2 laborers, city, company work.
20 laborers for R. R. work. $2 per day,
board. $4 SO per week.
1 good solicitor, salary and commission.
1 eood washer, also harness cleaner, $75.
2 hostlers, city. ?2 per day.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
Teamster <nand wagon), steacy, $2 50 day.
Miner. California, $2 75 day; S hours.
Plow teamster, S-hor*e, $30 and found.
A— HOTELr GAZETTE. 2* Montgomery, r. 12.
Pantryman, resort $3O.
MEN— The ORIGINAL JNO. A. MOLER has
opened one of his famous barber colleges at
•344 Clay st. : trade taught in 8 weeks; tuition
earr.ed while learning; constant practice; ex-
pert Instructions; positions guaranteed. Call
or write (correct number) 644 Clay st.
WANTED — A salesman for a central mer-
chandise store for the tjjntry; married man
Referred: also one who ?an sp-Mk S-i'an.ih
or Italian. Address, stating experience had,
are and names of previous employers; also
salary expected. C. W. A., box 3394, Call.
S. F. Barber College. 741 Howard st.. wants all
young men to know that it has the finest
equipped school west of St. Louis; red. rates.
I WILL teach you all about life Insurance and
h}w to sell It: write for terms a*nd appoint-
ment. Box :*2I3. Call office.
STfc'MANAGER. also solicitors; Pacific Mutual
Life. 508 Montgomery St.; call moralnge at
rooms 31-32. 7th floor; references required.
$500— STEADY, reliable partner in established
business; pays $S0 monthly to each; experi-
ence unnecessary. Apply 2S3 Fourth at.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
wcrk; no night or Sunday work; $25 security
required. Apply 212 First st.
YOUNG man for bill clerk In wholesale house;
state age and experience. Box 3402. Call.
WANTED— Boy to carry out bread and help on
cakes. Pioneer Bakery, cor. Clay and Maaon.
ERRAND boy by S. DAMNER. 2>>6 O'Farreli
street.
WANTED — Boys to distribute circulars. Box
8400. Call offlce.
WANTED — Painters; 2 good stage bands. Oak
and Pierce su.
FOR sale — Three-chair barber shop. 778 Fol-
som. near Fourth.
BARTER shop, 4 chairs. In flne location; ele-
gantly fitted: must be sold: no reasonable
offer refused. ETOLTZ, 723 Market st.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478. Parrott building.
BARBER and bootblack wanted at 2120 Shat-
tuck ave.. East Berkeley.
WANTED — Coat operator and vest maker. J.
SMITH, the taller. 773 Market st.
WANTED — 3 or 4 laborers.^ Fourteenth ave.
and N et. South; Kentucky-st. car.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale: whole or
half Interest. Box 3252. Call offlce.
FOR sale— 2 barber shops, one 4 -chair, one 1-
chair; must be sold at ence. 236 East st.
1 WANTED— Florist designer and maker up:
J reference required. Address box 3403. Call.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale at a bax-
gain. 1090 Valencia st.
BARBER shop for sale; established 20 years;
$150. 804 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS barber. HIBBARD'S. 817 Lev
guna' st., cor. McAllister. .;•-,.':
' WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years
of age who has .had some experience in
men's tarnishing goods. Apply between S
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Boy from 18 to 20 years of age to
learn the dry goods business. Apply between
9 and 11 a. ra. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— First-class dress goods nan to go
to a city not far from San Francisco. Ap-
ply between U and 11 a. ra. at HALE
BROS.'
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD &
1 SMITH, 85 Third st. San Francisco.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to CQc. 563 Mission f>t. bet let and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st. Exarainer building.
TRY our iron's shees. union made; $1 and $1 SO
ralr: foot-fcrm shoes. »2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 Sd.ct., Exam. bid. ;open till 0 p.m.
TWO men wanted- to learn barber trade In
fchop; wages paid. 751 Mission '¦ st,
TEAMSTER wants job. 174 Natoma st
CANVASSERS for new proposUlen. Call after
S P. m.. US Eleventh st. Oakland. «
PEBSOITAI.S — Continned. 1
••REXKAD1G."
European phenomenal '"humanized Radium"
healer successiuily treats about 'JO per cent
of all ajleged "incurable" diseases. Benefits
quick, often "Instant" First treatment
helps, or "free." Hours 2 to 7. 7S3H Mar-
ket and 1 Fourth st.
"SUNDAYS" fa'.so dally). 2 and 8 p. m..
"free" public lecture and the "sick healed"
In full view of audiences. At these unique
meetings' the "totally" deaf have instantl>
heard "whispers" the length of the halt, SO
ftet; "deaf mute" heard and spoke; t!.*
lame, paralytic, etc.. ran and "leaped." car-
rying their "useless" canes or crutches on
their shoulders, and numerous diseases hav»
been promptly, wonderfully subdued, causing
Intense Interest and sensation in the audi-
ences» Each treatment occupied but 3 to 1*>
seconds. "Come." see for yourself if ail
this Is exaggeration or a grand reality.
Brlwr any number of your "worst" sick
cases and watch results. All .ire speedily,
wonderfully Improved, but the easiest, thick-
est results of all are "total deafness." "deaf
mutes," "paralytics," etc., which are abso-
lutely "incurable" by medicine, jet their ;
improvement by "humanized radium" Is a j
mere "trifle." RADIUM HALL. 7s3!4 Market |
and 1 Fourth st. j
¦ ¦ ' i
"REXRADIO" never prescribes medicine, and |
the only guarantee he will give Is that If |
first treatment fails to help you It Is abso-
lutely "free." Can anything be fairer?
"REXRADIO'S" very first treatment oft«n
benefits, but the Increase and permanence of
the beneflt. if possible, depends on a few
further dally treatments regularly taken.
"REXRADIO" indorsed by "city physician"
at public meeting. He said. "I &aw him
greatly beneflt several chronic cases In my
offices. I strongly recommend him." (Name
at offices.)
" 'REXRADIO' In only 3 seconds made my 30
years' "totally' deaf ear clearly hear distant
"whispered" sentences In view cf audience.
, Interview me."— Mr. B., 632 Market, offlce II
" 'REXRADIC quickly cured my large stom-
ach 'cancer.' It soon dried up ar.d was ab-
sorbed. Can't now see or feel slightest sign
of it. Am the most grateful man in city." —
H. C. Knott. 112 Fell.
" 'REXRADIO' in few seconds •publicly'
. quickened my long 'paralyzed" limb: instant-
ly I walked, ran and 'leaped' easily from
the floor. See me."— K. Hall. 17 4th. r. 5.
" 'REXRADIO'S' brief treatment subdued my
'heart' affection, palpitated violently, ir-
regularly, missing beats; now regular, nat-
ural, no missing beats." — J. Little. 201 Hyde.
"REXRADIO," before many. Including Mr.
Butler, representative of "S. F. Chronicle."
by one. brief treatment caused "deaf mute"
to clearly hear and Intelligibly speak sen-
tences and numerous words. Over 2O of audi-
ence each spoke to patient, who promptly
heard and repeated their words. (Bring
some "deaf mutes" Sunday healing meeting.)
"REXRADIO" made a second "d«»f mute"
besrln to hear and speak (precisely as In
above case) In a local "physician's" offlce.
"REXRADIO'S" first short treatment marvel-
ously benefited the disabled limb of Mrs.
Bruce Le? (Lick Honve). well known to all
"Freemascns" as the honored widaw of
Cal. "Grand Commander of Knights Tem-
plar." The limb was in a dangerous state,
greatly Inflamed, immensely swollen. First
treatment reduced Inflammation and swell-
ing, and after the third the inflammation
was entirely gone and the limb of natural
size. REXRADIO presents this pleasing In-
cident to the traternal notice of his brother
"Masons.'"
" 'REXRADIO'S* single treatment subdued
my 'locomotor ataxia,' 7 years "bedfast :
couldn't move limbs, stand, "lifted* from and
. into bwi. Right away I moved legs freely,
rose from bed and 'stood* unaided. No re-
lapse in wreic?. still improving. See me." —
Stuart. <592 f i Capp (rear).
"OSSIFIED" lady. Joints firmly grown to-
gether, "immovable." One treatment in-
stantly joints freed, moved naturally. Years
"bedfast," helpless, lifted from. Into b«d.
Now ruse unaided, seated herself in chair.
Can now cook. etc. still improving. Wishes
to see you. — Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bartlett.
" 'REXRADIO" went with me see sadly af-
flicted 'bedfast* man. full .of pain, helpless,
couldn't rise from bed or move limb? several
years. I saw the (one) treatment . ar.d pa-
tient astonished m? by rising (unassisted)
from bed and walking; limbs had largely re-
gained normal power; severe pains suddenly
ceased. Change was so great and quick it
seemed a dream." — I. Porter, 3460 20th st
" •REXRADIO'S' one treatment instantly
caused me to raise nearly powerless arm.
limb. ran. 'leaped' like boy (age 74). See me
at offices."
" •REXRADIO' quickly restored my 'falling
sight.' Couldn't read large print, recognize
faces. Two treatments, read small print, rec-
ognized faces at 50 feet. See me at offices.''
" *REXRADIO* speedily cured our dangerous
lung affection, removed severe general rheu-
matism, opened . many years closed nostril,
rtraightened crooked rheumatic arm. dis-
persed large tumors, cured neuralgia, etc.
Get our o names at offices."
" *REXRADIO' instantly caused my 17 years
"totally* deaf ear to hear 'whisper' at 70
feet. Get name at offices." ¦-¦ ¦-¦ ¦¦ ¦
"REXRADIO"' shows piles of testimonials of
various diseases wonderfully helped. Names
of witnesses attached, lnctudlng hundreds of
best citizens, lawyers, financiers, property
brokers, physicians, mine owners, capitalists,
etc. Would they lend their reputable names
to "untruths?" Come, see this grand work
and form your "own" opinion. Rexradlo
courts the "light"
•¦REXRADIO'S" ads appear (daily) In all the
great newspapers. Read them.
"REXRADIO" cordially Invites you to bring
your sick to his (to-day's) public free healing
meetlr.es, 2 and 8 p. m. Two entrances to
"Radium Hall." 7S3H Market and 1 4th st.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
• Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.3&
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter st
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 B0; dress pants $3 5a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Duponr.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1 at all druggists'.
PHYSICIANS AJTD STOOEOHSU
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021 % Market st.. bet. 6th and §th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BI.*"OD. skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
_DR. BALL. 1073*4 Market st
REMOVED— DR. "S^ONG HIM herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past fotir years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cur.ed by Chinese herbs. 746-9 Clay st
PATEBrTS : _^
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
PTTBCHASUTQ AQEWCH3.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders .a specialty: correspondence solicit-
>£. 305 Larkln St.. room 49: tel. South 319.
BEAIi X STATE — CITY — POB SAX3B.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to flne school: not far from the
Misslon-st. electric cars; secure one as an
investment and by the time it Is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year: buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
GET In now; bottom prtces: Corbln station.
West Berkeley, to' be made terminus We»t
Berkeley local; cheap lots: trains every half
hour; f 3 per mo. commutation tickets. 5c
each way: 50 minutes from San Francisco;
only $5 per mo. upon each lot; buy & lot In
Home Park Tract; double your money; sta-
tion on ground, surrounded by residences &
factories. J. W. LAYMANCE, 632 Market,
r. 10, or agent on ground,- 10 to 3 p. m.
PAGE-9T. RESIDENCE^ : '
1326 Page st., north line, near Central ave :
! 2-etory dwelling of 9 rooms and bath- lot
25x114.
! LOVELT home; 8 rooms and bath: 20th st
near Guerrero: cheap. Address Box 2603. Call.
$350— LOTS In the Mission district m . a fast-
grow. section ; very cheap. Box 3247. Call.
ALL wor!c guaranteed, first, class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers, &}« Howard st.
RANCH TO -LEAST.
TO rent— 21 -acre, fruit ranch, near Santa Rosa;
$25<> rent per year; complete set of farming
. tools;, also horse and wagon, - 1 cow. Apply
. 836 Sacramento st.. San Francisco.
SA ## IED THE CALL CAN RENDER YOU THIS SERVICE
REAL E3TATE — CITY — POB 3AU j
SAGE. DEAI.EY & CO..
ea» Market st., opp. Palace Hate..
AUCTION
AUCTION
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon. Thuxti-
day Oct. 27. 1004.
DOWN-TOWN BtmXKSa SITE.
No. •'!.'> £ti>ckton St.. north of Host.: lot
2>>:lUx*5O ft.; thereon a 3-story
buil'iirg. consisting of ator« and 2 loft*. witl»
basement; will lea.<e for about $£5O per do.
MISSION' FLATS.
Nos. K^-540 Noe St.. north of lath; Im-
provements consist of 2 modern flats, contain-
ing 5-0 rooms, porcelain bath, gas grates,
wooden mantels and tiled sinks; rent $t7 50:
built 8 months; mortgage $txm».
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 2758 Filbert St.. east of IWker; im-
provements consist of a modern residence, con-
taining 7 rooms and porcelain bath, unfinished
attic and one finished room in basement; lot
25x11)7 ft. Irregular: rented for $11) per mo.
RESIDENCE SITES.
PE. line of Park Hill ave.. 155 ft. NE of
Tlldcn st. 55x112 ft.; property <ltuated la
the Park Hill Homestra.l Association:' com-
manding an unsurpassed view of the entire
city; the most desirable location for a resi-
dence: in the vicinity .>: Buena Vista Park.
POTRERO COTTA1ES AND BL'ILDINO
No. 1101 P.hnde Island st. north of 23d: lot
25x1 1ft ft; Improvements consist of a modern
cottage, containing 8 rooms and bath; modern
Vlnrr.bing; permanently rented for $2t> per mo.
NO. 2.
No. 1H>1 IV Mar- at.; improvements consist
of a nvxlerci cottage containing 5 rooms, larg*
stable to accommodate 3 horses, fine well.
water tank and windmill; lot 23xlC0 ft.; rent-
ed for $12 per month.
NO. 3.
Building lot nn the east line of DeHsro St.
408 ft. north of 23d: lot 25x100 ft
NO. 4.
East line of Rhode Island st. 403 ft. north
of 23d St.. 2.-.X1W ft.; to be sold as per dia-
gram.
FIRST- ST. INVESTMENT.
No. ?,14 First st.. south of Folsom; lot 20x
72 ft.; Improvements consist of a 2-story
building and large basement, used as a ma-
chine ehop; rented for $5<> per mo
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. A4-56-S.H Sharon st.. north of 18th. :
lot 2.">xl25 ft. : improvements consist of 3 new
flats of 6 rooms and porcelain bath each; rents
$72 5<» per mo. ; mortgage $20»JO; built about
one year.
FIRST- ST. INVESTMENT
Nos. 253-053*^-361 First st.. NW. of Har-
rison; lot 45:t?x*kH:9 ft.; improvements consist
of frame dwelling;*, cottage and 2 flats; r*at
$4t> per mo
MASON ST.
No. 1315 Mason st., north of Jackson; lot
62:9x137 :t>; Improvement* consist of a 3-story
brick building, with flat and large stable la
BUSINESS CORNER
Nos. 2S.'!3-35-37-3t) Laguna st. and 1901-5-7
Uninn, being the SW. cor. of Union and La-
guna; lot SoxKO ft.; improvements consist of
2 stores and « ft.its; total rents *167 per mo.;
concrete sidewalk, street bltuminlzed. build-
ing having been erected 3 years.
LOMBAP.D-ST. INVESTMENT.
Ncs. 25.VJ to 2.'.74 Lombard st.. west of D«-
visiulero St.; lot SCxl.'i7:t; ft.: Improvements
consist of 8 new, modern flats, containing
4-5 rooms, porcelain baths, ghinglfd fronts;
rents $14<> 50; b«autiful grass lawn around the
entire buiMtng
THIRD-ST. PROPERTY.
No. 340 Third St.. NW. of Harrison; lot 25x
SO ft. : improvements consist of a 3-story fram*
building, consisting of store and rooming-
house above, containing 14 rooms; rents $S3 W
per month; new. modern plumbing throughout
the entire building.
SAGE DEALEY * CO..
CM Market at., opp. Palace HotaL
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
:» POST STREET.
Real Estate Agent*.
Houses Rented. Taxes Paid. City" Agents Fire-
man's Fund Insurance Co. j
Get a cepy of the Buyer and Seller, oar
montMy catalogue, containing a full list of
choice investment pn^-rtics; mailed free.
$S.7C0 — McAllister st.. near Lyon: 3 nice flats
of 5-5-*! rooms and bath; lot
rents $71 .">«»•. this Is a reduced price;
do not let It pass.
$7.250— Jickson st.. near Central ave.; large
and beautiful lot for residence or flats;
5Oxl27:S*it; choice location.
$!>.5CO — Fell St.. near Franklin; 2 flats of 5 and
6 room* and bath and rear house of 4
rooms; renta $59 50.
$23.500— Kentucky and Tennessee sts. ; 3 store*
and 6 Cats of o. 4, 5 rooms; lot 72x200;
rents $l»5 per month; Investigate thls-
$25. (aA>— Haight St.. In the heart of a. business
center; 4 stores; flat of 7 rooms and
bath and rear cottage; rent for. $1'J5
per month; lot 75x137 :tt; additional im-
provementji could b- made Increasing
the Income.
$2.500— A few lots left on Hayes. Fell and
Broderick .its.: 25x137:6 each; level and
rvaJy to build on; street work done;
these are Sne lots for humes or flats.
$6.750 — No reasonable offer refused: 2-story
bay-window residence on north line of
Clay nt., near public square; select
neighborhood; house of 7 rooms and
bath.
$3.600 — Renta $38 per month; lot with front-
age on two streets: 4 separate flats; good
condition; splendid paying property; near
3d st and S. P. R. R. depot
$6,000— 3-story frame building, renting for
$53 50. in the vicinity of Geary and Fill-
more sts.; a fine income property.
$23.000 — Large holding, short distance from th»
City Hall; frontage on 2 main thorough-
fares; frame buildings of no great value;
extra large lot. suitable for storage ware-
house, stable, etc.; price most reason-
able.
$3,250— Rents $30 per month: 2 flats, vicinity
of Valencia and 13th sts.; bituminized
street.
SPECK & CO..
200 Montgomery st
Selllnr. Rents collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
$3S.O(X> — Splendid business property: a « per
cent net Investment: under lease; clos«
to Kearny st. and east of Pine: lot
has two frontages; Investigate. —
$13,000— Splendid &0-foot business corner oa
Devlsadero st, south of Geary; reaxtnf
for $1512 yearly. •
$13.000 — Corner, vicinity Greenwich and Steiner
sts.; 137:6x137:8. with old Improve-
ments, renting for $150 month, that
could readily rent for $225 per month;
a positive bargain.
$15,500— Sixty feet frontage: stx Eddy at.
.. • . flats; two-story and basement; rents
$127 50.
$14,000— Three elegant new modem flats, de-
sirable part of Western Addition: 33-
foot lot; rents $1440 yearly; want aa
offer.
$13,500— Fine south of Market st business
corner: on Folsom st ; dose in, with
good improvements; Income $1236; lot
25x90
$12,000— Lot" 41:8x137:9. with fine Improve-
ments, on Pine st, close to Bnchaaaa;
rents $1020 a year.
$3,500— Three splendid new flats oa California-
st.. near Broderick: all rented tor $S4
per month; lot 25x100 feet
$8,000— Income $694 a year; 6 flats, on* block
from Hlbernla Bank aad V» block from
new Postofflee.
$4,500— South of Market st Investment. pay-
Ing 17 per cent net; flats; 23 foot lot;
Investigate.
RESIDENCES.
$l!',00O — Fine Jackson st residence: lot SOx
133; with sDlendld marine view.
CHOICE LOTS.
$26.000 — Superb southeast corner. 137:4xl3T:4:
finest .residence site In the city; ua-
suroassed marine view.
$13.500^ — Fine lot on Eleventh st. near Fol-
I ¦ son; 50x200; make oCer.
I $6,750— 50x137 :«: splendid residence site: Pa-
cific Heights; north side of street -
$4,500— Splendidly located lot. 50 feet front-
age; vicinity California st and Second
ave.; price reduced for qulc!c ' sale:
cheap.
$1,500— Each for very chelee lots In Rich-
mond district <*los« to main entrance to
Golden Gat* Park; on four car lines;
nothlntr better In vicinity.
SPECK ft CO.. 2C9 Montgomery st
Opp. Mills bldg.
FOR sale — Handsome new house, lost com-
pleted, at 121 Fairmoust st (Guerrero ear):
« nice rooms and bath: oak mantel, gas: b!«
' handsome sideboard; tinted walls; porcelain
"bath; wash trays: cement walk; lot 23x128;
1*00 cash; balance like rent
«5nOO — »- room house. 2773 Twenty-third st:
this Is a forced sale and will not refuse a
fair offer; could be made into flats w"i *
very little expensMj; will loan $2um> en this.
D. COFFIN, 232S Mission St.. near 2t»t_
FOR sale— 3 colonial houses. 9 rooms, bath
1 and basemenu beautifully finished. . up to
date and sunny: E. side of Tenth ave., near
I I st. Sunset Hellett A Gee, on premises.
$10 PER acre — M> or SO acr» lota; 14 dowa;
.cheap freight ta city. GAMAN. 215 Kearny.
NEW colonial houiea. containing 2 ruts et 5
¦ rooms, reception hall: rents $4S: $3300: 'easy
payments. B st.. bet. 3d and 4th ave*.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot tactated.
any location.* on $1 25 per weak., sfotnal
note* Building Association. 427 Croeaiey Wd.
FLATS TO LET — Continued.
FINE, t-jnr.y -Ji'per fiat: n-.^nne \ie*: O rooms j
and bath. 8E. cf.r. Jones ar.d Hrcadway.
GEARY. 5d. near Taylor — Dfirahle middle
fiat, 5 r and a.: rent reasonable.
i-AKGES-'T Met »f house* tr.d flats to let. Call
en LYON * UOAG. UC Montgomery st.
C*-2ti HXBSZBBim j^.— 2 flats; modern; $17
and $17; wa(n free.
Nine lower flat 5 rooms: every convenience.
it^3 Treat ive. : rent $20; key at grocery.
Wj'MwS '>AK— 2 elegant upr*r Ratsf 7 rooms
and bath; rcr.t $27 50.
EHOTOTU.. 1177 — 5-room modern flat; bath
aad »»th kitchen: reasonable.
TAYL'Jli. 'mC> — Sunsiy. bay-window flats; 4
rooms, bath. %'Si Toy. 5 rooms, bath. $25.
VAN Nt». 2'T:. r.<-..r t'nlen— 2 modern upper
flats: *> t anj b. each; eur.ny; marine view.
IS R^- ELEGANT t.ew- 6-room flat. 1 block
tiTth of Market H;r; Noe st.. near 15th.
_JPt*M TO LET— WJByiSHEn.
TASTEFULLY furnished new upper flat, near
Perk: sur.T.y: exceptional; 7 rooms; Novem-
ber 1 to June; $0O; nn children; references.
Answer to box 3203. Call offlce.
BEAUTIFUL, modern 3 or 4 room apartment
••ith j>rt" atr hath, complete for housekeeping.
1216 Ooueh »t.. between O'Farrell and O*ary.
iJODERN. rnvr.y. furnished cottage: garden;
a£u!t5; re*erence«; $25. WKH California su,
near Twelfth ave.
SALE- -TTJHglSHEP.
TURK. 1Gj>*4 — 6-room flat, well furnished: good
transient: 2 roctne payc rent; all outside.
»;;:.: y rooms; bargain if ¦?¦id by October 21.
$4OO— "ROOM flat: ninny corner: nicely fur-
nished: clears $12 50; rent $45; owner leavirg
city. 721 Franklin Et.; call 10 to 1.
KLEGANTLT furr.lshrd flat, S rooms, all new;
Flllmor* St., nr. Hayes; selling to go East;
great bargain. Call at 7 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — A unar: r. rooms completely fur-
r.ished; rail 1 to « p. m.; ronm to rent; rent
$14- :::'.• ', T«iiazr.a st.
HT<n — FURN.. ranay. corner flat: 9 rooms;
rent $45: Sutler, near Kearny. Box 3409. Call.
NICELY furbished modern flat of 5 rooms;
reasonable. 730 Octavia, near McAllister.
FIX-ROOM flat: well furnished; cheap; Gold-
en G. ave. : sunny. 2S Montgomery, room S.
FURNISHED flat for sale. 242 Sixth st
FINANCIAL.
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Seccred by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTT BONDS AND FINANCE CO. CISC)
1172 BroaCway. Cor. 14th St.
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4.«00.000 00
Surplus 940.901 W
Isaac*
Six ;-r cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
OfSee — No. 14 Sar.»ome street
San Francisco. Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
Fold: strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HAKAPZTHY. Crowsley bldg
ruB-nTT/Br pob sals. »
JTO WORTH cf furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per wtek. T. Brilliants Fur. Co., 340 Post st.
PART furniture 7-roem houar; 3 months' use;
rugc. gas stove, water heater. Box 3242. Call.
HENRY MAYER r*ys highest prices for fur-
niture, carpet*, etc. 7K2 Mission: tel.Bush 613
FUBKTTTJBE WASTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
I>cn't i<e!I your furniture, carpets, ofnee fur-
niture. «tc. until you get bis estimate.
WILL, pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
(Sealers or will sell on commission. L H.
BURP, aa.* . 1336 Market: phone Jessie 2338.
i EILP^WAHTta-*f'MAIJg -V
WAXTED-4 cooks. German style. $35 .nd
I; ¦ French seamstress and governess. $30;
5 waitresses, restaurant, $% a week; German
nurse, $2u; laundress, tome chamberwork.
$25; experienced and reSned nurse. $35; 2
second girl*. $25; cook for boarders, $35;
housework, assist only in cooking, $25: 8
cooks, plain wash. $30; IS girls for house-
wurk in city. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 2S4 Butter st.
WANTED — Protestant girl for general house-
work for family cf 3 adults to go to Ventura
County. S35; experienced chambermaid for
country hotel. $25 and fare; girl, general
housework. Marin County, $25: nurse, 2 chil-
dren, tar. Rafael, $30: cock. 3 adults, Ross.
$30: housework. Merced. $25; oook for 15
boarders, country. $35; kitchen helper for
sanitarium. $25; parlormaid and waitress,
near Ban Rafael. $30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
EETT & CO.. 834 Sutter st
? — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
school in West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED — Girts "to l*arn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons, taught from start
to finish in one month for $15; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdressing.
mar leu ring, electric man age. etc. : six hours'
•practice a day: guarantee positions; only
recognised college cf its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPERATORS AND
A LIMITED NUMBER TO LEARN. STAND-
ARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH AND
GROVE STS.
La PIES — We will teach the barber trade free
to six more ladies and pay them $10 each
for first 8 weeks; call or write. JNO. A.
MOLER'S Barber Cbtlere (correct number).
«44 Clay st.
WANTED — German girl between 30 and 33 for
g«meral housework: wages $25. 737 Bueni
Vista sve.; take Ha!ght-st can. get cS at
Central ave.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cookir.g: good wages Apply Tuesday morn-
ing between 10 and 12. COS Oak n.
A YOUNG girt to work In knitting mill: good
opportunity. GANTNER & MATTERN CO..
WT Grove st.. city.
EXPERIENCED coatmakeni for ladies* fancy
tailor ro»n» and evening wrappers. COX
1S14 I'i&e Kt. '
EXPERIENCED sleeve hand wanted COX
1SU Pine «. '
$20 — GIRL for general housework and assist
with baby: S In family. 1112 Masonic ave.
GIRL wan*»i at 1S50 Green st., between Oc-
tavia and L*gur:a. for ceneral housework.
COMPETENT girl, general housemcrk- warn
$•#. After 9 o'clock. 720 Cole r_ '
FIRST-CLAPS sklrtmaker wanted. S*-HIM-
aiEL & HOVER. 4OS Sutter st.
A GIRL for general houaem-ork: family of J-
icood wages. Apply at 939 Fell et.
GIRL for general bcosework and cooking 2339
Pine *t
WAIST and skirt helpers war.te-1 at 234 Post
st. room 10.
UIRL mauted to wc-k en lan> curtains JCtw '
Ycrk Cartaln H-rj**. 1Z2» Flllmwre.
GTRL for institution: country; $20 and found 1
Oat. Err.p. Aeen«-y. 14 Third Bt.
BAQ operators wanted. Ill C?ay si.
GERMAN clri for general housework. Apsir
- 99 Tweatv-ninth «t (Continued From Pa*e Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Katherine E.. Jenny and Elizabeth Sandman
to John Bollman. lot on W line of Webster
street. 104 N of Clay. N 23:SV4 by W 102:6
$10.
Alonzo and Mary E. Mason to Eugene W.
Levy, lot on W line of Steiner street, 110 S of
Green. S 27:8 by W 110; $10.
Roswell Lee to' Lizzie M. Rogers, lot on N
line of Ellis street, 90 W of Scott, W 30 by N
75: $10.
George H. and Amalte Kahn to Joseph and
Hermine Baer. lot on N line of Jackson street
27:6 E of Devisadero. E 82:6 by N 102:8^4 • $10*
Hazel M. and Carl C. Gross to Emma L. Pa
lache (wife of Robert K.). lot on N-llne of
Green street. 137:5^ W of Scott. W 0:5*; by
N 137:ft; $10. * ° 7
City and County of San Francisco to Emma
L. Palache, lot on N lin- of Green street. 100-8
W of Scott. W 37:5%. N 137:6. E 30:5%. S 30
E 7. S 107:6: $ •-.
Honora A. and Elizabeth A. Buckley to Otto
F. Grundel. lot en R line of Eddy street' 100 \V
of Deviwidero. W 27 by S 102:6; $10.
. NtIHe Clark to Nettle Harris lot on S line
of Golden Gate avenue. 121:10& W, of Baker
streef. W 25 by S 137:6: $10. «»««•
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
Rich, lot on NE corner of Seventeenth and Noe
streets. N «l:0 by E 30: $ .
Estate of Annie Gallagher (by John Farn
ham. administrator) to Henry D. Drewes, let
on W line of Treat avenue. 120 S of Twenty
fourth street, 8 25 by. W 112:6; $1980. '
Moses H. and Harriet E. Colley to Fred A.
Coiley. lot on W line of San Jose avenue. 85 8
of Twenty-fourth street. S 24:8 by W 90- $10.
Louis and Mary O. Bartlett to Laura KUng
(wife of P. J.). lot on S line 'of Elisabeth
street, 280 W of Noe, W 25 by S 114; $700.
P. J. Kilns; to Laura Kilns; (wife), same:
Sift. .
Adolph and Emilia Hlller to Mary E. Bowen,
lot on S line of Chestnut street. 74 W of Stock
ton, W 2»:1% by S 55; $10.
' A. H. Warneck? to August and Sophie War
necke." undivided fourth of lot on 8 corner of
Second and Natcma streets, SE 30 by SW
80; $1.
Estate of John Xyons (by H. F. Grlnne!,
executor) to A. Neuman. lot on NW line of
Natoma street.' 250 NE of Ninth. NE 50 by
NW 75: $4025.
' A. and Rose Neuman to L. Blumenan. un
divided half of same: $10.
Malvpna Gallatln to McCarthy Company,
lot on SW corner of Forty-fourth avenue and
A street, S 310:1. W 185. NE 317:6. E 83:7;
$io. js*jNlr* m\ utoiiTst mmv »n
Estate of Alvinza Hayward (by William J.
Dingee. administrator) to. Frank J. McGUnchy
lot on NW 'corner of Fulton street and Fifth
avenue. N 100. W 82:6. S 108:5%. NE 82.93;
$8500.^nBSaB9BBHR^PSS99s9VSSMpJBJBjsSSJflHBSBMHB9MHi
Same " to same, lot on SE corner of ¦ Sixth
avenue and'C street. S 20O. E 120. N 90.62. E
25. N 109.38. W 145; $12,000.'
. i Giles H.' Gray to same, same: also lot on
NW corner of Fulton street and Fifth avenus
N 100. W 82:6. S 108:59s. NE 82.93; quit*.
claim deed;-$l. : .. "".-«; • .
' Laura : B. Kimball to Jacob ' Hey man Com- '
pany. lot on E line of Forty -seventh avenue.*
100 N of K street.. N 50 by E 120; $10.- •
Lena : and Andrew Chrlstenaen to " Andrew
MONDAY. OCTOBER 17.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
|B«Ill°n. 18 20! Occidental ... 75 80
Caledonia .... 40 50' Onhlr . 2 25 2 35
Challenge... 19 2l!overnian ..li: 16 l5
Chollar 20 21|Poto«l 14 15
Confidence... 90 09| Scorpion 05 07
Con Cal & V.I 43 1 50;Savage 30 33
Con Imperial. 01 02 1 Seg Belcher... 08 10
Con NY.... 03 051 Sierra Nev.... 2S 30
Crown Point. 10 11| Silver Hill 62 55
E Sierra Nev 03 061 St. Louis .... 08 10
Eureka Con.. — 501 Syndicate 03 05
Exchequer... 43 45| Union Con 39 40
Gould & Cur. 18 20| Utah 00 10
Hale & Norc. 59 62! Yellow Jacket. 19 21
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Mornlna; Session.
1000 Ton Midway.. 42[ 500 Jumbo 65
Afternoon Session.
$ 2SA5r.:5 III 1000 Ton mtwv " *
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. | BldA*k
Ton of Nev. .8 75 — ; Ton Gold Mt 18 17
Mont Ton ...1 90 2 Oo! Rescue .T.. 10 II
Ton Exten . .1 90 2 00 Ray A O'Brien 06 07
MacNamara . 34 35| Paymaster ... 02 04
Ton Midway.. 42 43i Little Ton ..20 22
Ton Belmont.. 62 61|Esperanza ... 01 02
Ton N Star... 18 19] Gold Anchor.. — 23
West End .. 15 2O| N Y Ton — 10
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm .. 20 251 Columbia .... 25
Ked Top 15 17| Jumbo — 66
Goldfleld Mhk 19 J3|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: i
Morning Session.
1000 Adams 10| 2000 Red Top .. 16 1
500 Black Ants .. 10| 500 Rescue ..'.... 11 '
100 Jumbo Exten. 20 1 COO Ton Belmont.. 65
500 Jumbo 6C| 1000 Ton Midway. . 41 !
Afternoon Session. >
2C0 Goldfleld Mln «5| 10O Ton Belmont. . 65
500 Ooldfleld SPk 18! 100 Ton Exten... .190
500 MacNamara .' 331 100 Ton Exten . 1 85 i
1100 Mont Ton ...1 9511600 Ton Midway.. 42 i
500 Sour Mash... 10| 50 Ton of Nev. .9 CO 1
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS*.
Bld.Ask. nid •.].
Adams 09 -*- Luc ky Tom.. _- 10
Black Ants .. — 10 MacNamara ..34 38
Black Butte. . IS — Mlzpah Exten. 05 — I
Booth M Co. 10 — Mont Ton..l 92% 1 95 I
Colehan — 05 N Y Ton — 04 '
Columbia .... 25 26 Paymaster ... 03 04 !
Esperanza ... 01 02 Pine Grove ..11 !
Gold Anchor. 2O — Qulncy... 11 '
Goldfleld B BI 00 — Ray Exten — ts '
Goldfleld B&B — 16 Ray A O'Brien 06 10
Goldfleld Dmd — 20 Ray Ton .... — 14 !
Goldfleld Min 64 65 Red Top 15 it!
Goldfleld Mhk 18 — iRescue. 10 11
Goldfleld SPk — 181 Sandstorm ... 10 28 1
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — (Ton Belmont.. 65 66 !
Gold Mt Con. — 02! Ton Exten ..180 — i
Han M M4S. — 101 Ton A Gt W. 02 04 !
Man Mut Co. 10 — i Ton Gold Mt. 17 — !
Hazel Kirk .. — 12' Ton Midway. . 41 42!
Jim Butler . . ,45 601 Ton of Nev. .9 00 9 25 '
Jumbo ...... 64 65! Ton N Star... 18 20'
Jumbo Exten. 2O 24! Ton A 8 Lake 25 —
Little Ton .. 23 — fWest End — 16 '
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 17.—Profes
sor R. R. McDonnold. late superin
tendent of Phoenix public schools,
who pleaded guilty to forging an or
der for school warrants, was to-day
sentenced to fifteen months in the
penitentiary.
Professor Sent to Jail.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17. — The fol
lowing: Callfornians arrived here to
day:
At the New Willard — Mr. and Mrs.
W. Roland, Miss Nina Roland. Miss
Helen Roland and G. Douglass of Los
Angeles; Mrs. R. Vandwert and maid.
Miss Dorothy Vandwert and Miss F.
Glason of Pasadena; J. E. Noyes and
wife of Napa; Louis F. Byington, Rob
ert Kym and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Mat
thews and Mr. and Mrs. Brown of
San Francisco. At the National — C.
W. Carr and wife of Coronado. At
the St. James — E. L. Hopper, Mr. and
Mrs. E. W. Reeves, Edna Shepherd.
George Hargitt and Mamie Hargitt of
Los Angeles; Mark R. Lamb of San
Francisco; Miss Nellie E. Larell of
Santa Rosa. At the Raleigh — J. H.
Levy, Don M. Morris, Mrs. A. L. New
bauer, Mrs. William Marks, William,
Newtleld and wife of San Francisco;
Alfred Levy of San Jose; D. J. Brown
stein and wife of Los Angeles.
Callfornlans In Washington.
P. Carfagnl (owner) with L. Cereghlno (eon
tractor), architects P. Rlghettl and H. Kuhl—
Concrete, carpenter, plumbing, tinning-, glaz
ing, plastering', painting-, electrical work, man
tels, shades and gas fixtures for a three-story
frame building (store and Cats) and a two
story frame residence on lot on NE corner of
Union and Buchanan streets, 30 oa Union and
87:8 on Buchanan; $10,403.
A. H. and Oscar Borchard (owners) with
Aitchison A Canfleld (contractors). ,
architect — All alterations and additions except
painting, mantels, gas fixtures, tiling and
shades for changing a two- story frame build*
Ins Into flats on lot on W line of Angelica
street. 72 S of Nineteenth. W 48 by S 23: $ .
Gustaf Danlelson (owner) with John Wester
hind & John Hedqulst (contractors), .
architect— All work for a three-story and
basement frame building (flats) on lot on X
line of Fifteenth street. 100 E of Church;
$7000.
Catherine Breslln (owner) with Bernard
Dreyer (contractor), architects Shea * Shea —
All work for a two-story frame building on
lot on S line of Oak street. 160 W of Webster,
E 25. 8 137:8. W 25. N 137:8; $5810.
Lucy A. Marlln to Mabel M. Frank (wife of
Edward E.). lot 15. block F. Lakeview; $io.
Anna D. and J. Frank Joost to Antonio An.
derllnl. lot on NW line of K street. 25 NE of
Twenty-second, NE 75 by NW 75, block 422,
South San Francisco; $10.
S Ducas Company (corporation) to Virgin*
Ducroux lot on NE line of Hamilton street.
100 NW 'of Burrows.. NW 50 by NE 120. block
35, Railroad -Avenue Homestead; $10.
Margaret S. Hayward to 3amuel GoodJa. lot
on SE line of Uranus street. »0 SW of Seven
teenth, SW 30.JM). E 65.20. X 34. W 52. block
X. Park Lane Tract 3; $10.
William Nicol Company to Charles Werner,
lot on N line of Casselll street. 175 E of Clo
ver alley E 25 by N 121. block 1. Market.
Street Homestead; $10. i - '._' ¦
Julius C. Reis to Bernhard A. Eossmana,
lot 33 blocje 3. Rels Tract: grant.
Builders' Contracts.
C. Clark, lot on B line of Forty-first arenas.
150 S of K street S 25 by E 120; 910.
Charles A. rfhd Henrietta Laton to Ida
Chess (wife of Edward J-). lot on E line of
Park lane. 175 N of Minerva street. N 25 by
E 95. lot 24 block F. Park Lane Tract 4; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO |CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1904.
14
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
i31 Howard st., nr. Third ; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage- advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore et.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates..
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND STJFPIiIES.
1000 RENTERS— Don't fall to visit the new
retail offlce of the White if you wish to rent
the' best sewing machine on earth; price for
rent of best drophead machines, $2 per
month. Remember the place. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds. rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. $8; slightly
used $10. $15. $20: you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market St.
~J5£Z£~
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for it
VIA VI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
PrVXDEJnP NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Claremont Oil Com-
pany, on November 1, 1904, will pay a divi-
dend (No. 5), amounting to $4500, equal to
lc per share, on its issued capital stock.
Transfer books close on Tuesday, October 25,
1004. at 5 p. ra.
On November 25, 1904 will pay an extra
dividend; amounting to $4500, on its issued
capital stock, equal to lc per share. Trans-
fer books close Saturday, November 19, 19O4,
at 1 p. in., payable at its offlce, room 731
Mills bldg.. Sau Francisco. GEO. J. REM-
INGTON, Secretary.
_j PBOPOSAXS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors. Builders and Material
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials for reconstructing
the south drive, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California, at Berkeley, California, ¦
and said bids will be received at the offlce
of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 5 p. m. of October 24, . 1904. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond of bidder, in favor of
the Regents of the University of California,
ec.ual to ten (10) per cent of his bid with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said bid
be accepted, the bidder will duly enter into
a proper contract and give bond to perform
faithfully the duty and obligations in ac-
cordance with said bid and with the plan*
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. .
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — Gt-
fice Depot Quartermaster, 36 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal., Oct. 17.
1904. — Sealed proposals, in triplicate, sub-
ject to usual conditions, will be received here
until Monday, Nov. 7, 1904, and then
opened, for furnishing fire hose, hose carts,
Dlpe and fittings, for Camp Daraga, P. I.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign production tho
duty thereon). The United States reserves
right to accept or reject any or all bids or
any part thereof. Information and blank
. proposals furnished on application. Envel-
opes containing proposals to be sealed and
marked "Proposals for Qr. Mr. Supplies, No.
8305." and addressed to Major C. A. Devol.
Qr., U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL., October 17, 1904.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate,, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., November
16. 11)04, and then- opened for the construction
of an emergency hospital at Infantry Can-
tonment, Presidio of San Francisco, Cal., in- \
eluding plumbing. Government reserves the
¦, rliht to reject or accept any or all bids in
whole or in part. Information furnished on
application to WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE: — Taxes due upon assessments made
by the' State Board of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department, 8tate of California.
Sacramento, October 11," 1904. In accord-
ance with the provisions | of section 36CS of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that I have received from the State Board
of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
aessments of Railways" and the "Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as fixed by said
Etate Board of Equalization for the year
19O4, viz. :
Central Pacific Railway Company, South
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company, Carson and
Colorado Railway Company, California
Northwestern Railway Company (lessees of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
way), Southern California Railway Company-
the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company; North Shore Railroad Company
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company, Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company
Nevada-Callfornia-Oregon Railway Company
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, Alameda
and San Joaquln Railroad Company, Sierra
Railway Company of California, Gualala Mill
Company, Lake Tahoe Railway and Trans-
portation Company, Boca and Loyalton Rail-
road Company; San Pedro. Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the °ull-
man Company.
The State and county taxes on all per-
sonal property and one-half of the State
and county taxes on all real property are
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday in November next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto. 5
per cent will be added to the amount there-
of, and -unless so paid on or before the las:
Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., an
additional 5 per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time i after the Hrst
Monday In January next, and will be delin-
quent on the last Monday in April next, at
6 o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto
6 per cent will be added to the amount
thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
STPTTEBING ANP BTAMMEBINqT"
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness~and'MarketT
cures: estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yeeterdpy:
Ole B. Almlld, 23. 253 Natoma street, and
Annie M. Andersen, 18, 253 Natoma street.
¦ Frederic G. Kellon^, 26, Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., and Katharine H. Self ridge, 20, 2615
California street. ¦¦¦.,¦
Charles J. Carlson. 42, 310 Eleventh street,
and Annie Cunningham, 37,-158 Seventh street
Manoel F. da Silva, 24. 65 Jackson street,
and Margarlda M. Silva. 24. (55 Jackson street.
James Kiernan. 24, .1B89 Market street,' and
Sadie Kerwln, 20 ¦ 502 Devlsadero street.
William West, 38, 212 Sixth street, and Ber-
tha Vetter, 38, 314 Fifth street. ?
Mark L. Blabon. 21, 15V4 Adalr street, and
Alice M. Holmes. 18,' 2036 Leavenworth street.
Gottf red L. Nelsson, 22, Oakland, and Elsie
Olsson. 18, Oakland. . V
- Ben Davis, 45, 948 McAllister street, and
Rebecca Bryson. 42, 948 McAllister street.
Peter O. Gustad, 23. Oakland, and Ragna
KJelldsberg, 23. Oakland.
Fred Braun, 25, Mlnden, Nebr., and Marie
DeUefsen; 10, 116 Caselll avenue.
S. Dennison, 21. Presidio, and Anna
Hall. 20.- .503 Hyde street. .:¦¦.
Everett L. Sackett. 34.-222 Mason street, and
Etta L, Eckley, 20, 222 Mason street.
Robert Cords Jr.. 21. Oakland, and Flora L.
Stern,' 18. C24 Ellis street.
Walter A. Ford, 24, Fresno, and Cora A.
Rector, : 23. .Wellington, Kane.
I \ Julian iBogdanowicz. 31, 1026^ Natoma it..
! and Janlna Tronowska,' 26. 1026 V4 Natoma st.
Michael Stojewa, 24, 053 Folsom street, and
Agnes Fatz, 20, 953 ; Folsom street.
Oscar W. Robertson. 28. 217 Eddy street, and
Kathryn B.- Connors, 28." Chicago.
Luther H. Green, 33, Los Angeles, and EdHh
Neustadt. 25,' Los Angeles. : ¦
Tranqulllo Lanlnl,"38. Ferndale. and Petro-
nilla Bernardascl, 3% 511 Broadway.
Henry C. Bowman. 21. 3002 Pierce street, and
Emily B. Adams, 18. 2710 Devlsadero: street.
BIRTHS— MARMAGES— DEATHS. ;
Birth, > marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted." They must' be handed
in at : either of the publication offices and : be
Indorsed with | the name and | residence > of . per-
sons authorized to have ". the - same published.
.Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of: the. event are published once in this column
free of ' charge. - ¦ v. --. . ,
* BORN. '
JAMES-^In' this city.'October , 17, . 1904, to the
:; wife of L.:e. James, a ton. .
MICHAELS— In this city. < October^ 13, , 1004, to
i, ,the .wife of^Captain; J.~,j Michaels.' a i son.-ii-is j
PITCHER— In ; Oakland,*-' Cal:;' October i B,*i 1904.'
to the wife of J.iC; Pitcher.', a daughter.:;
BEAT* ESTATE — COOTTTBT — Per Sal*.
SNAP.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
1 60-acre full bearing fruit i ranch, mostly
prunes; all necessary appliances for handling
the crop; two sets buildings;- will divide- and
sell on easy terms or exchange for Oakland,
Berkeley or S. F. property: price $30,000.
J H. EDSON, 14 and IS Bacon block. Oak-
land.
DAIRY rasrh for sale: cheap: 20 acres In al-
falfa on irrigation ditch; good improvements;
10 head of milk cows, 40 tons of hay, chicK-
ens. farm machinery, etc.; 1 mile from
creamery; a snap if taken soon. J. O.
BENTZ. Lathrop. Cal.
SALE or exchange for city property: sacrif.ee;
J53 acres. Napa Co.: 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped and
raying; beautiful place; gentleman's home.
6IIADEURNE. 405 Montromery st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C M. WOOSTER CO..
•48 Market et. .
?9O00 WILL secure a large tract of land that
Is wcrth four times the amount asked; must
be sold before November 1: a chance to make
a fortune; positively no risk. Box 2702. Call.
FOTIBST reserve land scrip bought and sold;
write for prices. H. M. HAMILTON, 912
Grand st., Alameda. Cal.
14 OF cpcd: rrain ranches: Sacramento Co.;
from 000 acres ud. Address box 15, Gait.
Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalL
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
BERKELEY ADVERT ? S y NTS
BiatgrMrr beat* estate.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware it.. Berkeley; 8
rooms and bath: lot 40xlS5; new and modern;
•snay exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. One),
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St.,
Oakland.
$5000— ELEGANT cottage. 9 rooms, large sta-
ble; 2 lots. 100x135; ornamental trees; beau-
tiful lawn: fine location: near Kejr route.
. HF.DEMARK & JACK CO.. 3217 Adeline
St.. South Berkeley. City office, 11 Mont-
gomery et.
BEBKLBY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR pent — In desirable residence section of
Berkeley, bouse of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
storeroom; stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berryman 6tation. 5 block* from Berke-
ley and 6 from entrance to university; 2025
Virginia rt.. between Shattuck and Mil via;
newly painted and papered throughout; rent
JS5: will not be rented to tenants who let
housekeeping room?. Apply 26 Montgomery
st.. room S. gan Francisco, or LITTLE &
WOOLgEY. 2110 Shattuck ave,. Berkeley.
FBUITVALE ADVERT'STS
rBTJTTVAT^E BEAT* ESTATE.
M. C. GIBSON.
11900— $18 per month. $250 down; lante 5-
room cottage, close to station; this is new and
strictly up-to-date.
We have 3 or 4 lots left yet that we will
build to suit, and the payment will be only
SI 50 down.
Offlce open Sunday all day.
1326 Fruitvale ave.. near Fourteenth st.
FOR SALE— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $2*
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave .
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S'M ? T3
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAEXAJTP BEAL ESTATE.
WE have opened two tracts within 5 minutes'
walk of the Key Route Piedmont station;
prices range from $15 to $25 per foot; all
s'.rett work free; Key Route trains every
20 minutes: 33 minutes to San Francisco;
commutation fare 5 cents: this is one of the
best suburban transit lines tn California;
shortest bay trip; fastest trains; the only
*yettm devoted entirely to Da?»enr«T serv-
ice; we can build you a $2000 cottage on a
$500 lot for a small initial payment; the
balance at $25 per month; we pay insur-
ance and taxer; fir the rent you are now
paying in a forty, noisy, undesirable loca-
tion in the city you can buy a home in the
finest res-ldec.ee section of Oakland; write for
our new circulnr and crice list.
PIEDMONT BUILDING ASSOCIATION.
14 Eansome st.. S. F.
1212 Broadway. Oakland.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to 6ell
en eaey terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you want
a bargain call on or write us for particulars
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway.
LOTS $50. $2 SO cash. $1 50 monthly- fine
high and dry lots in Jessie Jones tract, ad-
joining East Oakland, fronting a 90-foot
boulevard; near fine echoolhouFe and elec-
tric cars; away from raw winds and fogs;
commanding view of bay and surrounding
country; section building up rapidly; special
100x300. for $575; terms to suit buyer; this
i« an Ideal spot. Call o r send for circuTir
4SS 7th st.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland-
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
BARGAINS ON EASY TERMS
$375—25x100; San Pablo ave.; street work
done.
$450 — 10x135; Ashby ave.. near Key route
$150—25x100; Golden Gate.
$400 — 23x127; Chestnut and Fifth sts
$050—25x90; Seventh st. near Linden
$1250— 5-room cottage, near Key route
M. L. WURTS. opp. Postofflce.
$5500— A FINE investment property; close to
business center of Oakland, on car line and
near 6. F. locals: pays over 14 per cent on
Investment: 2 fiats, about 4 months old 11
rooms and 2 baths; sunny side of street •
modern in every respect; owr*r compelled to
f»ll. hence will sacrifice for quick sale THE
MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.. 952 Broad wY£
S3200 BUYS a S-room cottage and lot 50x100
on Telerrsph ave.. within I block' of Kev
route station. Fortieth st and Telerranh
ave. This price includes sewers and mac-
adamised street; lot alone worth the money
offer good for few days only. RICHARD J
MONTGOMERY. Key route station. Fonleth
st and Telegraph ave.. Central Oakland.
$3750 — NEW hoose; 8 rooms and large base
ment: Falrmount ave. near Linda VUt»-
very desirable; easy terms. E. P. FLINT*
owner. 072 Broadway. *^I.NT.
FOR rale— Two new up-to-date bungalow 8-
room houses; larre lot with barn- very
rbeep. Inquire on premises, 6$S Thirtieth
ft.. <>n 1055 Broadway. Oakland. " Irue "»
MODERN 6-room bouse at 416 Bast Twentv
third St.: bUr bam, fruit trees; fine location"
lot riOxlSO; only $2Z0O; small payment down.'
A BARGAIN— Modern well-built 7-room house.
?^ r . neW< at 6T5 Thirty-sixth street:
+31MJ1 t'rms.
$ I CSO— -COTTAGE of S . rooms and bath hlrt
basement, for sale by owner. O3 26th st
bet. Grove and San Pablo ave.. Oakland. '
. OAKLAHD PTJBHTSHED HOUSES.
tX)K sal*— New furniture in a fine corner flat
fully equipped for housekeeping; only in use
thort " time; - Sat rents cheap; sun all dar
lour: ' ha* four bay windows; private ' en-
trance; bath, gas range, gas grate, coal
rrate; come now; snap; muet sell within 4
days. Address 13. r >3 Broadway, Oakland
Cal.
NICE furnished 'house: colonial; new; piano-
instead Af rent, board two. 7 to 8 p. m. 410
Walrworth ave. ¦ ~ -
OAg&AKP ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished rooms, batn included: cen-
tral location: gentlemen preferred. 212
Twelfth rt.. Oakland.
O AKZ.AKTD STOKES , TO LET.
TO let— $25; store, corner Twenty-sixth sL and
6an Pablo ave.: fixtures; living-room, large
workshop and stable. , Inquire opposite 1027
San Pablo ave. . .... «¦»-« . .
OABCLAiro TVKVTTXnLp POB BALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In f urnN
twre. H. Scbelhaas, 11th et.,cor.store,Oakland
OCEAX TRAVEL.
yfc\Q Steamers leave Broadway
fGs*~^Qi\ wh arves (piers 9 and 11).
fa/C^ Via\ San Francisco:
I lv&7^ V*\ For> Ketchikan. Wrangel,
I I \Vl»l I 1 Juneau. Treadwells. Hainex,
W \»*»««/ / Skagway. etc.. Alaska— H
Vffiv \l j/ttJ •• m -' October 12, 17. 22. 27.
VyOj. Nov. 1. Change to this com-
>O>je|4Vv^ pany*9 steamers at Seattle.
i For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
South Belllngham. Belllngham — 11 a. m., Oct.
12, 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
¦ p. m., October 13. 19, 25. 31, Nov. 9. Corona.
' 1:30 p. m.. October 4. 10. 16, 22. 28. Nov. 3.
'< For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
! Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
! Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
| State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
iFor Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
. terey, San Simeon, Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
! Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
IBonlta. 9 a. m., October 14. 22. 30, Nov. 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., October 10, 13, 28, Nov. 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del •
I Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa P.o-
. salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
¦ For further Information obtain folder. Right
I Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
! TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
i ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.and Broad-
! waywharvfs. Preiarht Office 10 Market st.
• C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
! 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
: The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
1 call for and check baggage from hotels and
I residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AJXEBXCA2T XXSTS.
Plymouth — Cherbcursr — Southampton.
From New York, Saturday. 9:30 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. 2!>!»Flnland.Nov.l2. 10 am
Philadelphia ...Nov. 5 New York Nor. 19
•Calling at Dover for London and Parts.
ATUM7TIC TRANSPORT I.I2TE.
,-'.¦¦ zr«w Tork — London Direct.
Mesaba.Oct. 29. 10 am|MInneap.Nov. 12. 0 ant
Mnneh.Nov. 5. 3:30 pmtMnmnee.Nov. 19. 9 am
DOMINION LI3TE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Oct. 291 Vancouver Nov. 5 ..
Canada •_:" • • •' Nov. 12
XSS STAS Til HE.
New York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
! Calling at Dover for London and Parts. -ir.i
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m. -
< Kroonland Oct. 29. Finland Nov. 13
: Zeeland Nov. 5 Vaderland ....Nov. 19
WHITE STAB LINE.
K«w Tork — Qne«n«town — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Celtic Oct. 2S, 7 a.m.lOceanler. -Nov. 16, noon
Baltic.... Nov. 2. nocn Majestic Nov. 23. 10 am
Cedrie...Nov. 9. 10 am 'Baltic. .Nov. 30. II am
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric November IT j
HEW TOBX AJTD BOSTON 9XBECT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores. Gibraltar, Naules, Genoa.
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC....NOV. 3, Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March IS
REPUBLIC Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 23 ,
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC. .Oct. 29, Dec. 10. Jan. 28. Mar. 11
CANOPIC Nov. 19. Jan. T. Peb. 18 "
C. D. TAYT.OR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
. 21 Post st. San Francisco.
TOYO Kip KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.*
- eteam-rs will leave Pacific Mall wharf, cap*
n*r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. ro*
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hloeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai »a4
connecting at Hongkong with steamers ¦ for
India, etc No cargo received oa board on daj)
B f ""america maru
Wednesday. October If I9M
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduce*
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com- '
pony's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
9ceanie$.s.co. »&•?«•
S 8. MARIPO8A. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 am.'
a 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Au<*k.
land and Sydney, Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 n m
B. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 29.11 a.mt ¦
JJUpBICHLS 1 BSOS. CO.. AltS-.TlCfa: 02IC3613 ttti
txi rreigat care 329 Harm si. Pier 7, Pacifc k.
C0MPA3NIS GEXXHU.S TBA!(SiTLt.*T'<l(Jl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRK-PARZS . «
galling every Thunday instead o< -jCffiPk
Esturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pl«r 4X "W?
North River, foot of Morton st.
Ftrfct class to Havre. $70 and upward. St*.
and class to Havre. 1 45 and upward. OX v!
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STAtWaNB
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson balldlas:*.
N«w York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Padflc Coait
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francises^
Tickets »oM by all Railroad Ticket ArentsT^
TOU.S/NAVYmDANTYALLEJO
STEAMEP IlT CORCORAN
fc£".&t v-aat .•
B:3O a. ra.. 8 p. m.. leave Vallejo daUvavM »
a. m.. 12:20 and 0:30 p. m. Sunday. 5 n.^?
Far. 25c. P. A. O. Co. PhonTMata^S:
¦Saturdays excepted. - ;
Por V. S. Navy Tart and Valla lo.
Etrs. Generat Friable. Montic.llo and Arrow
8:45 jum.. 12:80 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. s p'mZ 87»dl
?i .'« X-av * I" Fr » nclico Sundays 9:43 a. to!.
12:30p.m.. 6 p.m.. S:3t> pm. Leavo ValleAxT
a.m.. »a_m.. 12:3Op.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 9 p.bbl tea- -
days. 7 a.m.. S a.m.. 3:20 pm.. 8 p.mT Pier X
ft. Mission wf..; phone Main 1908. HATCH BROS
JTAPA CITY BEAI. ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT!
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
PUBLIC AUCTION,
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT, :'fc-
NAPA CITY, CAL.,
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 22. 1904,
11 a. m.
3TK) CHOICE. LEVEL, LARGE LOTS 300
Adjoining City of Napa, on proposed line of
VALLEJO. BENICIA AND NAPA VALLEY
ELECTRIC LINE,
Now Being Constructed.
Terms — One-half Cash per Lot — Balance 6
and 12 months. Interest on deferred pay-
ments. 6 per cent per annum; 10 per cent dis-
count for cash on deferred payment.
GOOD LUNCH SERVED FREE ON DAY
OF SALE.
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT CO.,
Owners.
ED. R. SMITH, Auctioneer.
BE INDEPENDENT!
BUY FOR INVESTMENT.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market
ets.; outside the fcg belt and just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered; 50- foot lots from $400 np;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and S10 a month: sewer and water pipes in
front of every lot: pure artesian well water:
half the Iota in subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot in this desirable section on
easy terms; take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO.,
Tel. Main 678. 116 California st.
CHIOgBH aABTCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope; size
to suit; easy terms; plenty water: fine fruit;
call for details; go and see Sunday. Owner,
718 Mills building.
TX1CBEB LAITDS.
FOR SALE.
5000 acres best timber land in Northern Cali-
fornia; will average 36,000 feet per acre; %
redwood and U fir. For full particulars see
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market St..
Rooms 418-419. Phcne Folsom 3468.
FOR EXCHANGE.
In Berkeley: within walking distance of the
university; a modern S-room house. with
stable, garden, etc; thoroughly up to date;
value $6000; mortgage $3900; will exchange
equity for something clear; no agents. Answer
box 192, Berkeley postoffice.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. property
. for ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14-15 Bacon
block. Oakland.
BOOMS rOS HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT. 444 — Two or three eunny rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 1264— Two large sunny rooms;
middle floor; use of laundry and large sunny
yard.
1 EDDY. 475— Sunny housekeeping room; run-
nins water.
EIGHTEENTH, 3462. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished rooms; housekeeping; bath.
ELEVENTH ave. south., 1535—3 rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $10 per month.
ELGIN Dtrk. 51 — Double parlors; regular
kitchen; sunny; modern; adults.
EDDY. 743— Floor of 4 furnished rooms; yard;
$27; 2 rooms, $15 and $21.
ELLIS. Sfi^Newly furnished sunny front par-
lor, wl"j» new piano.
ELLIS. 836 — 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms to let; yard.
FOLSOM. 834— Single housekeeping rooms to
let.
FOURTH. 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single. •
GEARY. 1225 — Completely furnished room for
housekeeping; sunny bay window; bath; ma-
rine view; also 3-room cottage; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 370— Nicely furnished
front alcove, with kitchen; private home.
HARRISON. 748— $5, $6. $7, single and double
rooms; will permit housekeeping.
JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny front room; gas
range, water; $3 25 week; other rooms.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam beat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAGUNA. 1507, cor. Geary — Elegant 3-room
sunny eulte; modern; private family; reas.
LYON. 414, near Hayes, one block from park
Three large sunny rooms and- bath in upper
fiat for light housekeeping.
MASON. JiOTt — Furnished housekeeping rooms
and einele rooms.
MINN A^ 328 — 2 housekeeping rooms; use oi
parlor: reasonable; and others.
MINNA. 51C — Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 1013 — Front room for married
couple or 2 gents: folding bed; gas stove.
MISSION. 114S — 4-rooms complete for house-
keeping; reasonable.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $5 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
PINE. 923— Will give part reduced rent for
answering bell; housekeeping rooms.
POLK. 336. cor. McAllister— Large front room
and small cooking place for light house-
keeping.
PORTOLA. 73. off Waller, bet. Steiner and
Pierce — Two sunny rooms for housekeeping.
POST. 962— Large sunny front suite, gas, water,
etc.; $20; rear jsulte $10 month.
POWELL. 817 — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
SCOTT. 300. cor. Page— Newly furnished
housekeeping rooms. 2, 3 or 4; sunny.
SIXTENTH. 3077— Two nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; reasonable. —
SUNNY housekeeping rooms; also room for two
gentlemen. Apply at 253 Sixth st. (store).
THIRD. 314*-Parlor suite $12; 1 room $10;
i front side room $7; no Sunday applications.
! UTAH 538. east of Bryant— Large bseme'nt,
furnished, newly painted, gas. sink, toilet,
I - hot and cold water, cheap.
APAKTMEITT HOUSES. '
ET. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-B
.rr>ern«: furn. or unfur.: ref*. Tel. Ea>t 1350
i ?^ — —^ ..^^ l.
ROOMS TO LET — Pnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 pur week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 20c. 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
AUSTIN ave.. 112. off Polk st.— three sunny
housekeeping rooms for rent.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
llchts; running water in every room- 200
rooms: 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1510— Nicely furnished room-
gentlemen preferred.
DEVISADERO. 1311— Sunny front room- suit-
able for 2 men: private.
EDDY, 3— Fine gore corner; nice furnished
rooms by day, -week or month.
EDDY, 110— Launston— Opp. Tlvoll; fine fur-
nished rooms for transients; reas. rates. \
EDDY. 432— Nice furnished room; good loca-
tlon; use of phone. - .
ELLIS. 782^ — Furnished rooms to let.-
ELLIS. 827— Sunny furnished room to let.
with hot and cold water.
ELLIS. 1436— Sunny rooms, cozy corner, with
or without board; terms reasonable; private
family. >
FRANKLIN. 20%— Single, furnished , room In
private family, with bath; with or without
board; rent $5.
FRANKLIN. 721— Sunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences. .
GEARY, 684— Elegantly furnished, sunny
front room, gas and electric light; central
GEARY. 1143— Newly and attractively fur-
¦ nished rooms; all sunny, bath, phone; run-
• ning water; reasonable.
GOLDEN . GATE ave., 1005— Sunny room,
running water, phone, grate , and bath, with
use of piano.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35o
to ?1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
BOOMS TO IiET— rnrn. and . TPjafnxn. .
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite, also single rooms; $2 to $7 week.
GRANT ave.. 111. "The Astoria"— Downtown;
pretty rooms; $1 per day; week, $3 up.
HAYES. 136. corner Van Ness ave.— Large,
sunny rooms, suitable for gentlemen; $10.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 737% — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms to let from $1 50 up.
HOWARD. 1772— One furnished bay-window
room.
JESSIE. 363, east T>. S. Mint— Furnished front
room. 2 beds, $10 per month.
KEARNY. 306, cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
rooms, double and single and bath, at rea-
sonable prices.
KEARNY. 405 — Furnished rooms to let
LARKIN, 1603 — Two sunny furnished rooms
in top flat. ' '
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rooms; $2 50 to $7 week; elevator.
MCALLISTER. SOO— Large sunny bay-window
rooms en suite or single.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. — 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION. 1222. bet. Eighth and Ninth— Sunny,
nicely furnished room; also 1 room $5 per
month.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh— Single fur-
nished front room; central; $1 25 per week*.
MISSION, 2768— Furnished rooms to let.
O'FARRELL, 6 — Elegantly furnished suite with
piano, suitable for 2 or 3 gents.
O'FARRELL, 656 — 2 nicely furnished rooms
on quiet block near business center; reason-
able.
O'FARRELL, 1020, near Buchanan — Large,
well-furnished room, every convenience, for
I or 2 gents; $8 and $10; private.
PACIFIC. 1520 — Small room, nicely furnished,
for lady; rent reasonable.
PAGE. 1776—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms and
bath.
POST. 951 — Large sunny room to let; newly
furnished; call after 11 a. m. .
POWELL, 239 — Edinburgh — Furnished rooms,
en suite and single; suitable for office.
POWELL, 415— Sunny furnished rooms; gas;
bath; $5 to $10 month. »
POWELL, 720 — Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished for gentleman.
POWELL, 1106 — Large basement to let.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water;, baths.
SCOTT, 251 — Sunny suite; private family; no
other roomers; 1 or 2 gentlemen; nice for
students; reasonable.
SHOTWELL, 324—1 furnished or unfurnished
room; private.
SHRADER. 1038 — Newly furnished room, two
blocks from the park.
SIXTH, 143 — Rooms with housekeeping privi-
leges.
STOCKTON, 41— Nicely furnished sunny suite,
also single rooms, $2 to $7 week.
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis — New house; new
furnishings: fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; baths; everything sanitary; elevator
service; if sunshine and cleanliness is an ob-
ject see these rooms; $3 per week up.
SUTTER, 2502 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable.
TEHAMA. 473B — Sunny furnished front room.
TENTH, 328%— Nice sunny room with running
water; rent cheap.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW !
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS. 1
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE^ ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter — New brick oldg.,
finely furnished; hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read--room; {ree bus; baggage.
WEBSTER, 1338 — Furnished room for young
man.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
tlec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms. 50c per night.
BOARD.
LARGE sunny, nicely furnished room, with
board, suitable for two gents or couple; pri-
vate family; walking distance; references.
71*5 Hayes et.
POWELL, 818. njar California— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny front parlor, with or without
breakfast and dinner. In reflned priv. family.
NICE sunny furnished room with board, if
wanted, for lady or gentleman In a private
family on the "Nob Hill." Box 3231. Call.
WANTED— Child to board; good home; price
reasonable. 1206 Golden Gate ave.
EDDY. SS8 — Room and beard in reflned fam-
II y.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reaa. ; new manag.
ELLIS, 453— Nicely furnished rooms]~wltiTex~
cellent French table board; reasonable.
ELLIS. 1174 — Room with board for two young
men; private family; references. " "
' EXCELLENT board, $4 per week; with large
sunny room, ?5. 323 First st.
GERMAN widow would like to board children-
•good home; motherly care. Box. 3352, Call.
GREENWICH. 914— Well-furnished room with
German board.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room
single or double. $5-$6 wk. ; American family!
LARGE, sunny, nicely furnished rooms for
couples; excellent board. 936 Valencia st.
LARKIN. 840. near Geary— Furnished room,
with board.
MASON, C15A, near Sutter— Sunny furnished
room, with board, for lady.
ROOM and board to let in private place Ad-
ply box 3327. Call office. P
ROOM and board. MRS. AHKMANN. 615
Taylor st.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex
807 California— See rms. learn prlcee.try table!
SUNNY rooms, with breakfast, and dinner-
reasonable. 1254 Eddy st.
VAN NESS ave.. 944— Well-furnished rooms
with board: terms reasonable.
CHESTNUT. 266— One large room, with board-
reasonable. . .-.¦ '
AKP BOAltD WASTED.
WANTED — By a couple without children
vunny suite with . board in warm belt Mis-
slon. Bor 3397. Call office. y""».
BOOMS WANTED — Houiekeepinsr.
COUPLE and two quiet children, north of
Market, near Van Ness preferred; reason-
able. Box 3249. Call office.
, BOOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room wanted. Address 232 Thir.
teenth st. • ¦ .;-;.; /
__TYPE_WIOTE»SjlLWI) STJPP11IIJ3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 RemTngVoivNoTl
Smith Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50 The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 . California st." '
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
- Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market
• ¦...':' :- BOCTAa.. ¦¦" - . '¦'";¦
TROLI^y" "pertles. clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to > make merry ;- cozy dance
nail and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal • of - electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211
Muirhead building, ¦> Market -. and ; Larkln - gtsl;
: aT<)p - p y?[^5g:'
GUARANTEED *. cure : ¦: selid 1 60c; . Itablet i form
! mailed ¦- In - plain ¦-. package; has -cured -\hou- '
•ands. L. L. C. CO., 417 Hayward bldg.. S. ¥.'
MARRIED. 'v?»|
BRINKMANN— MEYER— In this city. Octo-
ber. 15. 1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Hermann Brlnkmann and Ottllle Meyer. >
GARCIA— PAHL— In this • city. October 12.
. 1904, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church,
Charles Herbert Garcia and Ruby Florence
Pahl, both of this city.,
KOPSA— IKOLA— In this city, October 14.
1904, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church. Alex
Kopsa and Brlta Ikola, both of this city.
DIED.
Bacon, Eugene James, Lester E.
Bard. Edward B. Lent. William M.
Buckley, Mary T. Mackay, Catherine
Cano, Stephen Maher, John
Carrick. David S. Michael. Gerson
Caverly, Mrs." Ann Miller. Mrs. E. D.
Daly, James Murphy. Patrick J.
Daneri, John Nevill, Mary A. D.
Engs. Mary Webb Nolan. Sarah Jane
Erickson, Ellen Smith, John D. W.
Foesey, Charles A. Thomas, Margaret
Garcia, Miguel Van Mourlk. Nellie
Geoffrey. Leon Wheelock. Ed
• Gercke. Minna Wilson Mary Louisa
Godfrey. George B. Wilson. John (Infant)
Gordon, Patrick J. Young. Charles E.
Grewe, Gertrude K. Zabriskie, Justine
Haughton, Jane
BACON— In this city, October 15^ 1904, Eu-
gene Bacon, a native of New York, aged 62
i years.
B ARD— In this city, October 16. 19O4. Edward
B.. beloved son of Gus and Ester Bard, and
brother of Willie Bard, a native of San !
Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months and 1 day.
1L/" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 18. at 2:30 p. m., from his late
residence. 631 Eddy street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BUCKLEY— In this city. October 17. 1904,
Mary T., beloved wife of the late Frank
Buckley Jr., and dearly beloved mother ¦ of
Hazel and Ethel Buckley, and sister of Re-
becca and Joseph L. Callaghan and Mrs. T.
U. Beooks, a native of New York.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:45 a. m.. from her late
residence. 1125 Devlsadero street, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock Creek boat.
CANO— In this city. October 17. 1904, Stephen,
beloved husband of Christina Cano, and be-
loved father of Thomas, Chlorlnda, Annie,
Fred, Carrie, Nettie. Ralph. Christina and
Stephen Cano Jr., a native of Watsonvllle,
Cal., aged 48 years.
CARRICK— In East Oakland, Cal.. at 602 East
Fifteenth street, October 16, 1904, David 8.,
husband of Mary A. Carrick, and father
of Mrs. G. Walter Dearborn.- a native of
Maine, aged 71 years 2 months and 5 days.
CAVERLY— In this city. October 16. 1904. at
her residence, 39 Scott street. Mrs. Ann
Caverly. beloved mother of Mrs. James H.
Callahan. a native of County Westmeath.
Ireland, aged 85 years.
C7Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Tuesday, October 18, at 0:30
a. rn., from her late residence, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, corner Fell and Flll-
more streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Kindly
omit Cowers.
DALY — A solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of
the late James Daly at St. Patrick's Church
Wednesday, October 19. at 9 a. m.
DANERI— In Vallejo. October 15, 1904. John,
dearly beloved husband of Christina Daneri,
father of Mrs. Louisa Cuneo, Mrs. Teresa
Papadopulo and Frank Daneri, and grand-
father of Mrs. Cloe Leron, Mrs. Christina
Curtis, Stella and Charlie Foppiano and
Olga and Stella Braternos, a native of Italy,
aged 73 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 19. at 12:45 p. m.. from the
parlors of .Valente, Marlnl A Co., 1521
Stockton street, thence to Garibaldi Guard
Hall. 423 Broadway. Interment Italian
| Cemetery.
j ENGS— In Oakland, Cal.. October 16, 1904.
I Mary Webb Engs, wife of the late John
S. Engs, mother of Dr. John S., Edward W.
and Otis W. Engs of Oakland, and S. M.
Engs of Chicago, 111., and sister of Edward
O. Webb and Mrs. Horry W. Meek of Hay-
wards, Cal., a native of Fairhaven, Mass.,
aged 64 years 1 menth and 10 days.
ERICKSON— In this city, October 17, 1904,
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Albert Erlck-
son, and sister of Mrs. Annie Devtne of
Sierra City, a native of County Roscom-
mon, Ireland. °
' E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 359% First street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated ¦ for the repose of
her soul, > commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOSSEV— In this city . October 16. 1904.
Charles A. Fossey. beloved husband of Lena
Fossey, a native of Canada, aged 48 years
3 months and 25 days. A member of the
Waiters' Union. Local No. 30.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 18. at 10 a. m., from the parlors
of Porter A White. 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, via the
11:30 a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets depot.
GARCIA— In this city, October 16, 1904.
Miguel Garcia, a native 'of Chile, aged 39
years 3 months and 18 days. A member of
Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union of
San Francisco.
GEOFFROY— In this city, October 16, 1904,
Leon, beloved husband of the late Margaret
Geoftroy, a native of France, aged 52 years.
B7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at .2 p. m., from the under-
taking parlors of Iaccheri, - Duclos A Co.. 629
Broadway, between Dupont and Stockton
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by 3:30 train from Third and Townsend
streets.
GERCKE — In this city. October 15 1904.
Minna, beloved wife of Fritz Gercke, and
idolized mother of Mrs. J. Sachau. ar.d
grandmother of Fritzle and Willie Sachau.
a native of Gera. Germany, aged 59 years
5 months and 13 days.
E7*Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 18, at 2 p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 507 Steiner street, between Oak and \
Fell. Kindly omit flowers. Interment Odd j
Fellows'. Cemetery.
GODFREY— In Seattle, Wash., October 13. '
•1U04, George B., dearly beloved husband of!
. Johanna Godfrey, and beloved father of An-
nie, Richard. Josle. John and Catherine God- !
frey, Mrs. L. Gaudet and the late George '
T. Godfrey, a native of England, aged 66
years 4 months and 25 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, October 20, at 9 a. m., from his late
residence, 1410 Seventh avenue South, be-
tween L and M streets South, thence .to All
Hallows Church, Sixteenth avenue and N
street South, where a solemn requiem high
maw will be celebrated for the . reoose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Also
services will be held at Imp. O. R. M. Hall.
Golden Gate avenue, between Leavenworth
and Hyde streets, under the auspices of ¦
I George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R., ¦
- commencing at 11:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GORDON— In this city, October 17, 1904, Pat-
rick Joseph, beloved brother of Michael Gor-
don and Mrs. John Hlgglns, Mrs. Michael
Pierce, and nephew of Patrick Gordon, a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
35 years.
ID"" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his uncle, 85 Brady street, thence '
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mans will be celebrated for the
- repose of his soul, at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' .
GREWE— In this city, October 17. 1904. Ger-
trude - Katherine. dearly beloved and only
child of William A. and Annie Grewe, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
20 days. .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 223 -Clara, street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth streets and Folsom >
and Harrison. , Interment Mount Olivet Cem- I
: etery. ¦ ' ¦-..¦.¦ " !
HAUGHTON— In this city." October 16, 1904, !
Jane, ¦ beloved wife of John . Haughton, and .
mother of Mrs. P. Flick. Mrs. L. H. Price. >
and J. W. and Albert Haughton. a native .
of Leeds. Yorkshire, England, aged 60 years j
8 months and 21 days. j
JAMES— In this city,' October 17, 1904, Lester
Everett James Jr.. only son of Lester E.
and Elizabeth G. James (infant). " {
LENT— In this city. October 17. 1904.-- William [
Mandevllle Lent, in his eighty-seventh year, :
a • native of - New .York. - - % .- -.-."¦ . - 1
E7FuneraI - services Wednesday. October !
19, at 2 p. m., from ' his late - residence, 609 '
, Polk street Interment: private. - ' j
MACKAY— In this city, October 17, 1904
Catherine ; Mackay,' beloved mother of Mrs!
K. L. Henley, Mrs. A. Roe, Mrs. S. J. :
Gormley and. Mrs.' Jessie : Smith, aged .63
. .years; .'..'. ;; • f -..¦.,:•¦
MAHER— In this city, . October 16. 1904 John
Maher. a native of Ireland.- aged B4 'years.
MICHAEL — In this city. October 17, 1904." Ger-
son ¦ Michael. : dearly ¦ beloved father ¦ of ; Mrs
Max Abrams, ; Mrs. . Hyman Abrams. Mrs
: Harry Appleton, Mra Herman Bloom and
. R: E. Michael." and brother of Gustav Michael
* and Mrs. Blankenstein. a native of Germany
• aged 68 years and .7 - months. ¦ *
MILLER— In .Thermallto. I Butte County • Cai.
Mrs. Elizabeth D. Miller, widow of John A
Miller, a native of Nantucket. Mass, axed
¦'/: 76 years. !'¦•..•• .- -"-¦„.¦ - ,<_,-» ¦ ¦ -Z ¦ '
F.*'J.1Monahan.; Manager. ' Tel. Mission 31.
jM0N4fliNr£0;HARAi&lG0; i
FUNERAL^ DIRECTORS 'AND* EMB ALMEES ¦ '
.... -2339-2341, Mission > sW; near .' Nineteenth,^, -\
•San (Francisco. -- M
MURPHY— In San Rafael. October 15. «<>*.
Patrick J. Murphy beloved husband of Eliz-
abeth B. Murphy, and brother of John Mur-
- phy and Mrs. Kate Swensen of Sacramento,
a native of Sacramento. Cal.. aged 0*
years. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEVILL— In this city. October 16. 1904. Mary
Ann Donnelly Nevill. grandmother of D. L.
Donnelly and Mrs. Dr. Wallace of Sacra-
mento, a native of Ireland, aged S8 years.
(Sacramento papers please copy.)
IC Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
NOLAN— In this city. October 16. 1904. Sarah
Jane, beloved wife of P. F. Nolan, a native
of Queens County. Ireland.
CThe funeral will take place Tuesday.
October IS, from her late residence. 142S
Golden pate avenue, at 9 a. m.. thence to
Holy Cross Church. Eddy street, near Scott,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Funeral
- by train at 11:30 a. m. from Third and
Townsend streets.
SMITH — In South San Francisco. Cal.. Octo-
ber 17, 1904, John Diedrtch WUhelm Smith.
beloved son of John H. and Emma M. L.
Smith, and brother of Mrs. L. Hoffmann and
Ernst, Harry, Emma. -Dorothy and the
late Frederick Smith, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years 5 months and 7 days.
THOMAS— In this city. October 16. 1904. Mar-
garet Thomas, a native of Wales, aged 61
years.
VAN MOURIK— In Oakland, at 1014 Fifty-
ninth street, October 15 1904. Nellie be-
loved daughter of John A. and Emllie Van
Mourlk. and sister of Josle. Johnnie. Sam
and Rudolph Van Mourik, a native of
Brooklyn. N. Y.. aged 16 years and 3 days.
(New York City and Brooklyn. N. Y.. papers
please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 p. m.. at the
' family residence. 1014 Fifty-ninth street.
Golden Gate. The remains will be taken to
Brooklyn. N. Y.. for interment
WHEELOCK— In this city. October 16, 1904.
Ed Wheelock, a native of Ohio, aged 44
years.
WILSON— In this city, October 16. 1904 Mary
Louisa, dearly beloved daughter of Walter
and Mary Wilson, and granddaughter of
Mrs Ellen and the late John Murphy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months
and 9 days.
? f Fiends and acquaintances are respect-
;S. Uy J f nv "e<l to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 11 a. m.. from the residence
of her parents. 1178B Harrison street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city, October 16, 1904, John,
Infant son of John E. and Mary Wilson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
15 days.
YOUNG— In this city. October 16. 1904. Charles
U , ar i y beloved husband of Annie Young.
and father of Wanda Young and son of
Mrs. Clara E. and the late J. R. Young,
and brother of William, James. Daisy,
Minnie and Ruth Young, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 7 months and 26
9? y8 -. A member of Burners' Union, Local
No. 962.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday October IS. at 2:30 p. m. at his
late residence. 121 Sagamore avenue* Ocean
View. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ZABRISKIE— In this city. October 14 1904.
Justine, widow of the late Captain E. B.
Zabriskie, and mother of Christian Brevoort
Zabriskie. a native of Louisiana.
VT Notice of funeral hereafterMONDAT. Oct. 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. : V'^V
Bid. Ask.L Bid. Ask.;
4s ar coup..l06%106% 4s qr cp new.l31%132V;
4a qr reg.. .106%10«T4i 3s qr coup.. .104 \lQS\i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.llO 121%
Amo Oil 5s. 80 — Do 5s 112 —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do con 5s. 102 —
Cal C G 5S.102J4 '— Oceanic Ed.-. ¦
Cal G & E g Om Cable fls.120 —
m & ct Ss. SOU 81 Pac O Im 4s. — 87 '
Cal-st C 5S.112& — P E Ry 5s.. — 103%
C C Wat 5s. 98 — P * C H 6S.1O4 —
EdL & P 68.123 — P It O R 6s. 11*^115
F & C H 6s. — — - Powell-«t 6s. ' — — '
Geary • st 5«.. 50 — Sac EOARSs.lOO —
H C&S 5%s.lO8 — SF ft SJV3S.117 —
Do 5s ....09 ' — Sierra R 6s. — —
Hon R T 6s.lO7% ¦— 8 P of A 6s
4 L A Elec 5s. — 104 (10OD) .....lOSVi —
LARy5s..ll6 — : (1910) .....lOB^HOH
LALCo«« — — 8PofC6s
Do gtd 6a. — — (190S)Sr A.101 — .
Do gtd 58.100 — -, (19C3)Sr B.100£ — -
LAP lem 5S.102 — (19C6) ..'..» — 104U
Mkt-at C 6s.ll5 — . .* (1912) .....113|» —
Do lem Ss.115 — - SPC 1 eg Ss.ll'Vi —
MV& MtTKs.lOB ¦¦ — ¦- Do 8 tampd.ll0 —
NRR of C6S.106 106H S P-B R 6«.1.12 ' —
Do 5s ....117 — IS V Wat.6s.l04U105
NP C R 5S.106H — L Do 4s 2dm:10«>«WlC0Ti
NCRy6s..— 11! f Do 4s 3dm. (»H
N C P C 5s. — . 99 1 Do g mtg4s 99 100
N 8 R R 5s.lOOH10t I Stkn GAE8s. 93 —
OO LAH 6s. — 110UIU O & E 59.102^ —
O W gtd 5a. — 100 (
1 WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 3B I Port Costa. .. —
MarlnCo..-. — 60 |8.V Wat Co. 33% 40
.'OAS AND ELECTRIC. •'¦ '
Cent Ii * P. — * 4 M B'T Q r *B. 59 54 —
STOCK AND BOXD. EXCHANGE.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins. Honey.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 7%Q10o for
Royals and OS 12c for Moorparks; Nectarines,
6@7%c for White and 6®«V«c for Red;
Peaches, 6%©8%c per lb: Pears, 7@12c;
Plums, pitted. 0@6%e for black. 8®8tfo
for red and 7®8%o:for yellow; Figs. 2-crowa
bricks, 50c; 3-crown, 53c; 4-crown. 60c; 6
crown. 65c: bulk white. 2%@3c; black. 3Uo.
Evaporated Apples. 6%©7c per lb.-y
. PRUNES— 1%@1%C per lb for the four sizes
and 2ViC' basis for the large sizes.
1 RAISINS— 1904 crop t. 0. b. Fresno— Im
perial clusters, $2 23^2 50; Dehesa, $1 85@2;
London Layers.* «0c#$l ; ' Loose - Muscatels. 4
crownr 4©4^c; 8-crown. 3H@3%c; 2-crown,
803%c: Seedless. 2%ft*%c; Floated. 3c; Seed
ed 4(8S 1 /jc; Thompson's Seedless, - 4%c; Seed
less Sultana*. 3%G39«o per lb. -
NUTS — New Walnuts, No: 1 softshell. 12®
12>4c:*No. 2, 10@lQV4c: No. 1 hardshell. 12c;
No:? 2 10c; Almonds, 10S17c for Nonpareils, t
U&UMc for I X L. 13@14c for Ne Plus Ultra 1
and ' lie for ¦ Languedoo: Peanuts, 6®7c for
Eastern; Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts. $4 50Q3;
Chestnuts. 10615c per lb.
HONEY — Comb. im@13c for white and 109
llc : for : -atnber;-3water white extracted. 6V40
6c; light amber extracted, 0<35%c; dark. 39
4ILC
BEESWAX— 27e2flo per lb.-
Flour. <jr~sks... 13.014 Wool, bales ..... -303
Wheat, ctls 11.163 Feed, sks 220
Barley ctls ....10.168 Shorts sks . . 200
Oats, Ctls 1.244 Tallow ctls ...."-24.1
Corn.* sks ...... 1.2561 Leather, rolls ... 179
Rye. ctls '.....'. 524 Hides, No ....... 561
Beans, sks 6.0C0 Pelts. No 27")
Potatoes, sks ... 9,587! Lime, bbls ...... 433
Onions. «ks 1.6T8' Paper, reams ... 1,270
Bran, sks ....... 120JWlne. gals 37,773
Middlings, sks .. . 495 Broom Corn, bdls 210
Hay. tons 74-11 Sugar, ctls 910
Straw, tons 19!Rafsins. bxs 3.80O
Hops, bales 387»
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 7,9471 Bran, ska 3,200
-« •t.ctls 8.5371
WESTERN.
Corn, ctls ...... 1.200; '
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDATf OCTOBER IT.
SLMMAUY OI' THE MAKKU1S.
Wall strvci stocks wry active but ir
»t v {Tii!:ir. (01 ton lower.
Another sensational breale in Alaska
Piidkras* stoc!;. -
S^^cr and K<e« Jiangt* sliuw no«iui>ort.
ant flssj-tuatioiis.
\Ylie»t. IVarley aiul oUicr crrains quiet
siul feriuireiess.
Bran vcjrg soft at the recent decline.
Hay unchanged.
B««is coruin^ in liberally, bat. jitill
flrru.
l*otiit<w> \« >tiK«n under large arrivals.
Onions wi'H held.
Poultry in !$sht receipt and steady.
Wild Duck >*eason oixms with flruj
Not much change in tli« fresh Fruit
markti.
Butter and Kggs bteady and un
cliausrd. Cheese slightly higher.
Provisions still qniet and witliout
feature.
Hops continue (inn, wttli few left in
first hand.s.
Caule, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
*nj«- Activity in Wall Street.
The New y O rk wire* of E. F. Hutton & Co.
yesterday aaid of stocks:
" M * rke t '"** broken all recent record* for
sicUtuj t<>:<Uy and has been s*ain decidedly
f-ror.g. A numbtr of sharp advances were
# --ored and numerous new high records were
made It ij< a bic. broad market. There is
e-noasrr seattrred profit -taking to prevent a*y
thine in the nature of a eeneraj further ad
¦»anoe an^ to bring about slight r*-<-esi=ions in
spots. The surprising thing is that the latter
«r© »o unimportant. There If nothing tn the
action of the market to indicate any more
tnan a pause in the upward mov.wnt. There
Is not a cloud upon the horizon anywhere and
friers are not sufficiently hifrh yet to disturb
<-ons*nat!ve peoi.lo. A\> expect the market
to wn-k still higher."
Kxports of Salmon.
The exnvirts of Eaimon from San Francisco
*>>' sea in t=crternber were as fcJIows:
T™— Canes. Packages. Values.
I-ngland 55,63« ... $24«,7.1O
Australia 16.OC9 4C5 T4.41O
IVew Zealand 655 ... 2,S80
Hawaiian Inlands ... 5 «C2 550 28 4C2
TmhltJ 330 77 « jO35
Famoen Islands 4P>s « 1 439
China ia» ... 'j77
¦J*I>an 72 ... :I3S
rhilippine Islands ... 6<>4 ... l,hS6
Kast Indies 300 ... j>2fl
Mexico 2T.7 ... 8M
Ontral America M» ... 297
Pouth America 49!) ... l,S»5l
Trinidad Island 100 ... 623
Jamaica l.*$o ... 50s
Fiji Islands 2* ... 99
«~"hicairo im - 72s
>.>w York 17.625 5OO 61,e75
Totals 98.681 1652 *42«.O29
In September. 1!KI3. the exports were 11.357
cases and )]tS packages, valued «t $55.4r>4.
The Fhlptner.ti- in that month included 25:)7
oa«es and 4H parkajres to Eastern States. 4680
cs to Australia and 5(*j capes to Great Britain.
Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crop Bulletin, United States De
1-artment of Agriculture. Washington. D. C,
for week ended October 3. 1904:
High wind* caused considerable damage to
epple» In New England, the northern portion
of the iliiJdle Atlantic States, Ohio and Michi
gan, and a poor crop Is generally indicated in
tho States of the central valleys. A good
crop, however, is being picked in New Eng
land, and apples are better than anticipated
in Pennsylvania and unuvually. good in Iowa.
New England — High winds caused much
dropping of 'arrles and pears; apples good
crop, being picked." '
New York — Fairly good crop of grapes; at
l^rt one -third cf apples lost by Tiigh winds.
New Jersey— Apple .and .grape picking pro
gressing. 1aU*T yielding better than .expected;
In north .section great damage to apples re
sulted from hijrh winds of 30th: cranberry yield
greatly reduced by Trost.
Pennsylvania— Much fruit on lowlands
ruined by frost last week: apples better than
anticipated.; but high winds caused large per
crnt&ge. to drop.
Maryland and Delaware — Canning season
over.
Virginia — Apples scarce. . '
North Carolina— Apples fair Jn west.
Florida— CUrus fruits doing fairly well.
Arkansas — Apples fair crop.
Tennessee— Apples "generally . inferior
Kentucky — Applt-s very poor
Missouri — "Winter apples very poor. I .
Illinois — Apples fair in north poor else
»}!ere.
Indiana — Tomatoes and peaehe* about, gath
c**4; grapes and pears abundant.
We« Virginia — Apples continue to fall.
Ohio — Grafts and pears good; apples dam
ted by high winds.
Michigan — High wirrds blew off many apples
!"»'» — Apple* and- grapes nnueually good.
Kansas— A ppU* being picked, fair crop.
'"olorado— L»te aprles heavy crop
Oregon— Apples still dropping Botnewhat. but
abundant crop promised; prune drying nearly
f--mf)lete<J, crop light. •
EASTERX 3IARKETS
New York Money Market.
JOCW YORK. Oct. 17.— Close: Money on
«*:!. steady. I«»e2 r*r cent: closing bid. 1^;
< .': frM, 2 p»r rent.
Time loans, steady: sixty days, 3S3TJ per
ceut: ninety days. 3%; elx months, 3%<g3»4.
Prime ro«*rcantl!«» parxr. 4%&S per cent.'
Sierlin^ *xrhangT. with actual - buVtxw in
'.nkere' bill* at *4.6573©4.83>5O for ii-nranj
and at f4.*R4Sf§=4.i535<> for sixty day bills.
Ponwl rate*. ?4 R4Q4 K4% and M 86%.'
'"omm'rclal bill?. $4 6314034 8314.
Oar Eilrer. R7*ic.
Mexican dollar*. 46c.
G.wi-tm^-r: bonds. wttaOw'i railroad horrf*.
«ircrs
Xcw York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 17.— The animation which
r-»w up in thf *ix>rulat)on in the latter part
< f last wwk fhnwe<J further Increase to-day.
rrom etaxt to 'finish of the Stock Exchange '
there «k practically r.o cessation of the active i
toucisers on tht Root which t*jc*d the resources
for recording transactions at times and kept
the Tacuitiei of ihe brokers at a tenelon
throughout the day. Larre crowds were try- '
Ing. to- Co business at the pott* where the!
• cflve stock* were dealt in. While great '
confusion was apparent at all times, the rec
ord of tbe dey » results fbowi that the mar
ket was under" intelligent direction and that
the largest operations were conducted : accord-
Ing to a fixed plan. The* opportunities with
»'hich the heavier buying and the strongest
advances occurred with the most important
eelling at other ijotnts was evidence of the
ekillful leaoerzhip existing. The day's move
ments." to that extent, had an artificial charac
ter.i Hut. *b* sr>«cuiallve clement in the ir.ar
ket" fca* evidently loet much of Its -dread of
-.his experienced leadership and artificial de
vice ¦ tn the which has been plain to
be seen throughout the lor.g advance which
preceded the present growing interest'. It is
neon there 1» a skillful conduct *>l the buying
and'-fk-llinjr facilitlt*. the <!:g«tion of the sell-
Ing and the advantage of the buying eVen In '
a healthy and normal, market. The growth ot
the number of participant* must be accepted
at an index, of the increase of faith tn the
h'-altli and the natrralncs* cf the present mar
ket." The iJeallajri 1 on Monday are • specially
relied upon 10 disclose the proportions of any
new ; interest, owing to the natural tendency
to open.niir transactions wjth the period of
a new week. Ihe ajuount o» weekly reviews and
letter* | tb*-t so out of Wall etre*t from com.
tnlecioo bouses for publication and the-addi
tional accurnn'.aUon of orders that result from
the itrorday interval ever gun<Joy.. Last week's
buoyant 'desist save general hop** of a large
imruK i.i such new order*., and the market
qulcV;> d«rron»'rat.ril " that the hope- wan "not
<If»«l>pclijt'vi. - Tbe felling out to take epecu
tMXttm* prWlUs on the advantageous terms af
:.¦¦<:< <J by thU n'iv demand wan equally a j
matter of course. Tfct- buying t.ur.f fr^ m many i
dirrereEt quarters, and an important- proper- '
tion or It came by cable. The. most nctalle I
bujtrg and. tU.-» greatest ftrenrth -were. la 1
VnJUd States Steel preferred and to a leu '
• r.tint :? the ctr.rr.cn. in Readlnc, Mtasourt ¦
Pacific mtt& Amalgamated. an< j ] css cCectlvely 1
in Fec*#yl*-anla and i:rl*. Next to these point* :
cf strength - the tr.cst notable - feature In the i
rr.ortaet was thf manner In which the stllinjr ;
to uJ:e - frcfits held buck -and t- vt-ji »:< preswd
Union Pacific. Southern Pacific and Uock \
Ifland. There was no sperfflc effect from the I
new developments of the day. except a> they i
«iffer»-d-««9Uiln« to <H«urb the conOJence which I
has reached the proportion uf enthusiasm with j
th« OuO'iirtt bt- the speculatit-e «-pi:it. »- • j
l!or.«.'} «tmtinue4 «asy and no one was heard*
to e»pr«f.s a f'ar that it would not <!a to I
ind«f)»itPly. . HaJlroad officials exprexerd them- J
•eclve* ir. eanpulre 161™!" over the outlook (or ]
trafflo *uga;- v&* marktd down and Ccpper j
was marked up. Ktcrling txekanse wax "strong I
sitid pxzZ Continental tsarkeui . weie somewhat j
<JiMoj ImxJ by .the Hussian reverses. . The prottt j
tt.kinK.liad Its treat effect, la. the last, hour '
cf tt**JR>arket a»d made its .closuv. nnnaider- J
mh\v biiow the lo»eat prices. - ,- . . 1
. MELONS — Cantaloupes, nominal: Nutmeg
Melons, ' 20@50c ; per box ; Watermelon's, $ l @2
per dozen. •
GRAPES — Table , varieties. .40@75c for
crates. 20@35c for small boxes and 75c@$I 35
for open boxes: Wine Grapes. $16®20 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2 5O@3 50 per
box for Valencia*; Lemons, $2 50@3 for
fancy. $1 76©2 25 for choice and $1 25@1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit. $2 60@3 60; Mexi
can Limes. $4®4 50 per case; Bananas, $2#3
per bunch for Central American and 73cS$2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2®3 per dozen.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 50@2 per box - In
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellis, $lijl 25
other winter varieties. 40@50c.
PEACHES— 50@85c per box. -
PLUMS — 60@75c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c®$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 40©60c for small and
$1@1 75 for large boxes.
QUINCES — 25(g40c per box. ' ¦
FIGS — Nominal. - - . ¦
STRAWBERRIES— $10^11 per chest for
Longworths, $1 50®3 for Malindas and $4@7
for Cheneys.
RASPBERRIES— $3®6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 0® 10c per lb.
CRANBERRIES — $2®2 25 per box for Cooa
Bay and $7 75®8 for Cape Cod.
APPLES-^$1 10@l 23 for fancy. 85c@$l for
choice and 40@75c for common.
There was a scarcity of good dry table
Grapes In crates and such stock cleaned up
well at 6O@75c per crate, being wanted for
shipment on the Puget Sound steamer. Wet
stock was still abundant and dragged at low
figures. -Large open boxes were steady for
fresh arrivals and quick clearances of desir
able fruit were readily effected at good prices.
Old and poor stock, which had been accumu
lating for some time, was pretty well cleaned
up.' large lines having been sold to wine
makers at $15 per ton. Several carloads of
Wine Grapes came in and.' as the stock was
generally poor, there was a sharp break- in
prices. The several carloads of Apples re
ported to have arrived from Colorado on Sat
urday had not appeared In the market up to
a late hour, and reports regarding them were
rather uncertain. A carload of fancy Ben
Davis from the Hood River country in Oregon
was marketed and met with a good demand at
$l@l 10 per box. The market for local Apples
was active and generally firm. Other fruits
stood about as previously quoted and Peaches
and Plums were scarce. Berries had little
change and Citrus fruits stood as previously
quoted. A carload of old Grape Fruit was
marketed and a few. odd consignments of new
crop Navel Oranges and Grape Fruit were re
ceived.
Deciduous' and Citrus Fruits.
An assensment ' of $100 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock, of ths
Santa Cruz Lime Company.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay a
regular monthlV dividend of $1 per share Oc
tober 29.
Thirteen of the nineteen new members i
which lately left, tho Tonopah Exchange and '
Joined the San Francisco Stock .Exchange, re- i
turned to the Tonopah exchange yesterday. I
At the annual meeting of the Consolidated !
California and Virginia Mining Company yes- '
terday the old directors and officers were j
unanimously re-elected and a resolution was
passed authorizing the sale of the company's
mining claims on the Brunswick lode to a new
corporation named the Brunswick Consolidated
Virginia Mining Company, with 21A.COO shares,
which are distributed, share for share, to the
holders of Con. California and Virginia stock.
The Commercial Petroleum Co. has levied an
assessment of $1, delinquent November 3.
From $117 to $101% in a single day is a
pretty sharp break in a stock, yet that Is what
AlasKa Packers did yesterday. Closing ' at
$117 on Saturday, it opened in the morning at
$105. dropped to $104, recovered to $105% and
closed the forenoon session at $104%. In the
afternoon it opened at $102 and fell to $101%.
closing the day at $102 bid. The sales for tb/s
day were 270 shares, mostly In small lots.
There were no further explanations beyond
those given on Saturday. Another weak stock
was Gas &, Electric, which sold from $39% as
Saturday's last sale, down to $3S%, recovering,
however, to $3S% In the afternoon with $59%
bid at the close. These two stocks monopo
lized the dealings and the other stocks w-re
inactive, while bonds were quieter than for. a
Ions time.
The oil and mining stocks were quiet and
devoid of feature. •.',-»./
Packers' Stock.
Further Sensational Breaks. in Alaska
STOCK MARKET.
CHEESE— 11%@12%c for choice mild new
and Uf 10c for old; cold storage. 10%©llc;
Young Americas. ll%@12c; Eastern. 10@15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 39Q40c for large white se
lected. 37@38c for good to choice and 34@36c
for common:- cold storage, 27%®30c; store,
nominal; Eastern; 25<j?28c for choice. 23® 25c
for standards and 21@22c for seconds.
There was no change of importance in any
description yesterday, except that Cheese wai
quoted a fraction ' higher. Fine Butter and
.Eggs werj still In moderate supply and steady
and the .failure of Humboldt Butter to arrive
as expected kept creamery well up to the high
notch. Trade continued quiet all along the
line.
Receipts were • 38,500 lbs Butter 499 cases
Eggs and 14,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 30@31o
for extras and 23@28e for lower to medium
grades; dairy 21'flMc; cold: storage 24c; store
Butter.. 170200; Eastern creamery. 21%@23c;
Eastern ladle- packed. 16@17c per lb. .
Butter,. Cheese and Eess.
There was no Western Poultry received and
receipts froni domestic points were very light.
The market was quiet, but ruled steady at
unchanged quotations. Receipts of Game were
a little over 150 Backs. Wild Ducks were
offering for the first time since the season
opened and ruled firm at good prices. Other
Game was steady.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old, 14@15c per
lb for Gobblers and 15@16c for Hens; young
Turkeys, 2O@22c per lb : Geese, per pair. $1 60
©1 75; Goslings, $1 7W2; Ducks. $4 50®5 per
dozen for old and $4 50@G for young; Hens.
$4 60@5 for small and $5@5 CO for large; young
Roosters, $5f|5 50; old Roosters $4 5O@5; Fry
ers. $4® 4 80; Broilers, $3<Jf4; Pigeons, $1 23
per dozen for old and $2®2 50 for Squabs. ¦
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $608 per dozen;
Canvasback, $6©9; Teal, $2 50®3; Sprig $4@
4 50; Widgeon, $£5003 50: small Ducks,
$1 C0@2; Gray Geese, $5; White 'Geese $1 75
62; Honkers. $5®6; Snipe. $3 for English and
$1 SO for common; Doves. $1; Hare $1 75;
Rabbits. $2 for Cottontail and $1 60 for
Brush. .......
Poultry and Game.
Bid. Ask.) '• Bid. As*. 1
Bay CPC 6s. — Io2%| SF A NP 5s.ll2 — '-
B L Wat CSa.113 115%! S P C R 4s. 08 1U2U
Cal NW 5S..110 — S P Co 4%s.l01U102
M C Wat 58.100 — Sun Tel 6». .113 —
Rig I Wk« 5s — 103 Suttr-st R3a,104 - —
SF Drdk 59.112 — UR of SF 4s. 83% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co..'. — M lLonA SF Bk. — . 60
Amer Bis Co — 90 | Mat Nav Co. tit* —
Cal Cot Mil* SO — I Nev Nat Bk.I95 —
Cal G&ECor. 47 SO IXSRRCa 8Vi — '
C Jockey Cl. — 112%tN Cal P Co. 9U 1»
Cal Powder. 130 145 JOak Bk Sav.tW —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 I Oak T Cop.. 73 —
Cal T I * T — 155 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 63 I Orpheum Co. — 13%
City A C Bk — 120 [ PacC Caa Co.t25 • —
CypLImp..' — 6%(pac Sur Co. 105 —
East Dynm.. — 375 Paraf Paint.- 3» - 1 *
DptPwd pfd — 85 I SFASJ Coar. I7H 2O
Do com ..30 S7% S F Drydock. — S3
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — 8 J Wat Co. 103 H — <
Fischer Thtr 10c — SO A MTffbt.125 —
Frneh-A Bk.108 — I Swlss-A Bk..ll5 — •
Gas Con A.. 16% 20 (Truck Elect.. 11% —
Hono P Co.. — 26 (UR InC pfd. 58 —
Do pool .. — 27 I Do com ... 12% —
SALES.
Morning Session. . * ...
Street—
$2,000, United R R of S r 4 per cent. S3 Tl
> Afternoon Session.
Board — •* " _' * ?
200 Chute* Co H 00 '
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 p«r cent. 83 75.
-¦ Street — - - - - - - , •
25 United R R Inv Co pfd...... 63 2»
California Oil and Stock Exchange.'
Oil Stocks— • • BM. • Asked.
Apollo j.. 40,
Associated Trust Cert '23 24 •
Aztec I «O-
Caribou 4 0i> ' 4 25 •
Chicago Crude 19 .....
Claremont .» 73 .77^
Home .• 95 10O
Monte Crlsto 62 65
Occidental of . W _Va ...."- r 03' ,_ ©*v
Oil City Petroleum...; • 54- ..- 85
Plttsburs ...".'.. ..,..w. •lOt.v .20 "
R»fd Crudf...., ..... . 1 95
Senator 65 73
Sovereign ..«. J 33 -34-
Sterling * 3 OQ
Twenty-eight 8 50 ....
Miscellaneous — flE3B
Fischer's Theater 13 20
Northern Cal Power.. . 9.0O
SALES. - ;
' Morning Session. ¦ -
1000 Associated Bonds 82 CO
..• Afternoon Session. .. • ¦• •
100 'Chicago CrudB...^ .'.^ m J»
600 Home 1 WJ
3<JO Occidental ......:. W
MlnlriK Stocks. J'
8AN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
¦ Following w«r« the sales on -the San Fraa
cisco Stock and Exchange Board- yesterday: ,
Morning Session— Comstocka. . •
1300' Andes ...'...'• «! ICO Justice 1 ....:.. W
20O Belcher ...:. "Wf 34X> Mexican 1 2O
SCO Belcher 271 20o Ophlr 135
500 Caledonia .... 4ftl 1W Overman ..'.'.. - 17
6no Cbollar ..... 2»! wo OwnMo^.v..'. W
60O Con Cal * V.I 5Sr 20O S»p; Be1«hrr.:>'- »
13C0 Con Cal A V.I 50' 3W» Sierra Nev....t 29
300 -Gould A-qnr.--20» 200- T«Il<Jw Jacket. 20
100 Hale A Norc. ¦ 60t • . »•:;. .
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
200 Andes 24! 1«) Exehrtrber ..'. 44*
"00 Chollar ...'.."- 2O»-"10O- Seg- Belcher.'. . C©
300 Con Cal * V.t iV -SCO Stem N«v,... 2»
CLOSINO ,Qt;OTATIONS. .// J ."^
* . ' MONDAT. Oct. *7—3 p. in.
i Bid.Aik.l" "Bld.Aik:
AlDha .;....'. »1» ¦nJ/ut«*...'.:V...r,Wl OH
Alta I .... - 09 07f Justice ....... 07 68
Andes'... '....23 ¦ 25fKentnck ...:*-. 0t:" ttf.
Belcher ..-•• 27 29' TjmIv Wash .\ 02- 66
Best A B»leh-1 IS ......I t5 I y>
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Mutual EL.— 12 [ Stkn G & 15 . — »34 .
Pac L Co... 59% eO"4!U G A E Co. — — «
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 [LP&A....150 — '
Anglo-Cal ..84 — I Mer Trust.... — 235
Bank of Cal.413%423 I Merch Ex.. . . — «»
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 I S F Natlonl. — — .
First Natlonl — — (
"SAVINGS BANKS. .'
Ger S & L-2330 — ! Sav & L So. . — 100 ..
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. . — 424 .
Mutual Sav. — 100 I Union T Co.. — — '
S F Sav U.615 — ' j .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..198 — I Presidio — 43%
POWDER. - '.?=-
Giant 63 64 | Vigorit i— . 4tt
sugar. ;-;.;
Hawaiian C. 67U — ! Makawell C. 2S% 2S%
Honokaa S C 15 15% Onomea. 8 C. 2S% 30
Hutch S P C 8% — I Paauhau S C. 15U 15%
Kilauea S C. 3% — |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 102 — (Oceanic S Co. Z% —
Cal F C A. 997410O I Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. — 8.1 | Pac C Borx.158 157%.
MV& MtTm. — 105 I Pac S Tet Co.113 113%
SALES.
Morning Session.
(• "• Board —
So Alaska Packers' Association.. .104 00 '
65 Alaska Packers' Association. .. 105 00
45 Alaska Packfers' Association. . .104 5© '
6 Alaska Packers' Association... 105 l'i'4
. 13 Alaska Packers' Association. ..104 75
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 67 75.
25O Hutchinson S P-Co 1O (X> ¦
3O S F Gas & Electric 5» CO
25 3'F Gas & Electric. «. 58 «5'
10 S F Gas * Electric. 5» 6»K
10 S F Gas & Electric 58 5O
25 S F Gas Sc Electric 5H 37',
50 S F Gas & Electric. IW 25 -
15 S F Gas & Electric 58 I'-" 4
Street — > ¦• '"
40 Californta-st Cabla R R.'....'...19» 25
30 Honokaa S Co ..15 33
Afternoon Session.
Board— . : .'
45 Alaska Packers' Association.. .102 0O
20 Alaska Packers' Association. . .101 87 <4
35 Alaska Packers' Association.. .101 75
5 Alaska Packers' Association. .. 101 SO
20 Cal Wtne Association b 3 &1 <*>
160 S F Gas St Electric. .Vr. 5* 5O
30 S F Gas & Electric 58 62<*
35 Spring Valley Water Co 38 *7Vfc
$2,C00 North Shore 5 per cent. .'..... ..101 CO •
$1,000 Spring Val 4s (2a mtge) 1W 73
Street —
5 California -at Cabla R R 19O 25
$10,000 Sac Elec Gas A Ry 6s 10W W>-
SUGAR — The -Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crashed 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c: Candy Granulated 6.10c: D*y
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. | 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners' A 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C,
5.40c; "D," 5.30c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes; 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more fo- all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c: H. & E. Crystal DomlnosI
9c per lb. No ' orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or its equivalent. '
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco. less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7U©7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 5%@«%c; thin Cows. 4S6c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3\c; Ewes, 393Uo
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— «2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4%e:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under 4%c:
over 260 lbs. 4%c; soft 'Hogs, not wanted:
Sows, 20 per rent off; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. :¦¦. 5- : - .¦..':-'!.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, $5<@5 25; San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags 30G32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c;
Fruit Bags. <5%@7%c for whit* and 7c for
brown Juti
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. |8 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
<5 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke,
$tl C0@i: per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Uocky Mountain descriptions. $8 50 per short
ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 53c per gallon for boiled and
Rlc for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 4Sc for 1 raw ; China Nut. cases.
65@S0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
68c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil 65c;
pure Neaufoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OIL
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c: boiled Fish Oil 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL ODLi — Water White Coal pil in bulk
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 19 %>: Astral. 18%c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine 26c: Eo
16c; in cases, 22 %c; Benzine In bulk 13c- In
cases. 10%c; 80-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 23c;
in - cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE: — 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and Iron barrels. - . . -. - ¦ . -
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7&©T%c. according
to quantity.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c@*l 25 p«r
sack or crate; String Beans, 3@4c per
lb; Wax Beans, 364c per Ib; Lima
Beans. 4@5c per lb; Tomatoes. 15®
35c per box; Summer Squash, 40@50c per
box: Cabbage, 75c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per
sack; Cucumbers 35@50c per box; Garlic, 4%
@4%c per lb; Egg Plant. S5@50c per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra, 50@65c
per box; Green Peppers. 4i)®60c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $12® 15 per ton.
' Potatoes were weak and lower prices ruled
for river and Salinas Burbanks. The demand
was of a light Jobbing character and the mar
ket was overloaded with river Burbanks,
which have been accumulating for several
days. Sweets, too, were weak, with supplies
far in excess of the demand. Onions arrived
freely, but were firmly held, and some dealers
were holding out for an advance.
Miscellaneous vegetables were generally
plentiful and. aside from some little firmness
in Green Corn, there were no changes in prices.
Mushrooms were offering and met with a good
demand at 20@25c per pound.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river 60®
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 30 per
ctl: River Reds. 85c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes.
$1 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1 25@1- 40 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5@7c for Steera and 4®5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6%07%c; small. 7©8<j per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7(g7%c; Ewes. 6©7c per
pound.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb,
PORK— Dressed Hogs 6©8c p«r lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat 3Iarket.
DRESSED MEATS.
Receipts of Beans were ' large yesterday,
being 8392 sacks. The situation showed no
further change, the market ruling firm, with
a good inquiry for most descriptions.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75@3; Pea. $3 10®3 25;
Butters. $2 75@3; small White. $3 15©S 35;
large White. $2 40&2 65; Pink. $3 10Q3 30;
Red $4 25@'4 50; Lima $4 10@4 25; Red Kid
neys. $4 50@4 75; Blackeyes. $2 60Q2 70 per
ctl; Horse Beans, $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax, $2@2 75; Canary. 6%
@7; Alfalfa, 15%@16%c; Rape, 1%@2%o;
Timothy, 6%c; Hemp. 3%@3%c per lb; -Millet/
2%®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20® 21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 25; new Green
Peas. $2@2 25 per ctl. .
Beans and Seeds.
1 SlVoi^ 9 Were * tron S- Total sales, par value,
L'clted States bonds were unchanged on call.
¦New York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton £i Co., 4U0 California street,
Sau FraneUco, members of the New Yorls
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales, j Stocks — lHishiLow.j Bld.| Ask.
I Adams Express .| | |240 J25O
•Jl.GOO.Amalg Copper ..| C5!*| iV*V4J W^i 05
|Am Can Co j | j UVtl u %
I Do Did j j I 47Wj 47%
3,lw,Am Car & Fy Co, '2>%[ 27 1 27 | 2T%
SKX), Do pfd 1 S4%; M%| »4%| 85
jAia Chicle j i i*> 03
I Do i»£d i |.;...|101 |105
|Aia Cotton Oil..] 33 j 32%; 32%| 32% ,
I Do pld | ! | 8i%| U3%
|Am Di«t Tel I i | 26 j 28
lAm Express ( | |2W* |210
l.lcrtjAui Gr Yv/ine Ooj 8%| "i%\ 7%| 8%
2,lW,Am Hid« 4 L..| 5%| 5Sl 5%| 5%
SMi Do pfd | 21 | 24>Hl 20% I 21
3.3Cvj American Ice ... » »H| *>%\ S%
8.300; Do pfd | 42 I 4O%I 40% 41
l,3uy;Am Linseed | 14%; 14 13% 13
I Do pfd | W%| 6O I 50»4 6<J%
5.41V. Am Locomotive.! 3u% 2t>% au>i 29Vs
| Do pfd 198 . 97% »7% »7%
500;Am MfiH l'5'l 4%| 4% 5
i Do pfd .1 I 22% 23
10,400, Am Sin & R/ Co «8 | 67X4J 67% 67%
2001 Do pfd : jllO |109 ilu9V« lOU 1 !*
19,«O<>iAm Sugar jl3«"«flS5«i 136 136%
i .Do ptd j 133 1S5
,Am Tel & Tel Coj J J142 144
Am Tobacco pfd.j..... [.'. J143 145
500 'Am Woolen 21 18% I 1S% 19
4'<O; Do pfd M'. 4 84 | 83 M
1,000 Anaconda 101 100 | 99% lOOVi
,Ann Arbor ] | 30 32
I Dd pfd ¦•. ..|. | I Mi 160
36,900; A T & S F "»6%j b5««| 8SUE8»^
7.500J Do pfd iI01T4|101% 101>4|101%
j 20,«JOO Bait & Ohio \ 'J5% 94% 94% 04%
lOUi Do pfd \ i)Q m 05 *90
iBay Ptate Gas..| 31 3l~i
71.000 ( B R T :-:f67% 6Cl; «6% t$0%
iBrook Un Gas 22O iZH
I IBruas D & I ., 7?ij 6U
I (Butterick Co 50% M
300;Canada So 68% 68 68 68%
' lo.4fw,Canadian Pac. . . 134% 132% 133% 133«i
I lO.SDt*^ & O 45V 45% 45, 45V4
I C&A 38% 39%
; Do pfd ' 80 . 85
|C & E 1 i»fd 135 145
!C I & L pfd 80 89
6,SO0;C & G W ..18% 18tf 19% 19%
300- Do pfd A 63*8 60% 62 63%
1.1O0 Do pfd B 29fc, 28% 28% 29%
Do debs 84\ h5
5.40O ; C & N W 193 190 191%|192
27.5fx»;c M t- St P lt>9% 1<5*% ltl.")% lrtH%
1O0 Do pfd :.. ltA 1&4 lhl 184
45, loo] C R I &P (new) 30 r s 30 30 36%
3,S0Oi Do pfd ..:.:..».- 74 74%
I Do 4s 77% 77»»
4W Chicago Term'. ..| 8 7%, ~\ S
2,(X>0! Do pfd .......I 17 I 1« 16 j 16%
500 Chicago Un Tracl 75 I 77 * I 75% 75»4
300'C CCt StL..I 8««i! 86% | 85% 86
100 Do pfd !lll»4]lll«4|110 112
2,400 Clev* Lor & W.. 32% 31% 32% 32»i
I Do pfd .....| S5 .-.,.
9,300 Colo Fuel 8t I... 33»;J 3S%\ 30V4 30*i
| Do pfd :. CO Co'
1,300 Colum HC & I .. 14%; 13% 12% 12«i
23.60o'colorado So 23% 21%' 22% 22%
600| Do 1st pfd ... 53 52»4 52% 53
«,4<X) Do 2d pfd 29U' 2S 28' 2S%
15,200 Conso; Gas : 216%!213?» 216% 217
««*i,Con Tub ifd .. 124U 1124^ |124 126
3,9no:corn Products ... 1S%| 17',i ' 17% 18
1.100| Do pfd -4V4! 76% I 75% 77
4.500 Del & Hudson .. 174% 1173*4 "174 174%
100 D L & W ......295 ,'235 '294%j294*i
SOOjD & R G 29*; H9% 20%! 20%
400 Do pfd 82% 82 Sl% 81%
iDes M & Ft D.... ...„ 24 25
2,300 Detroit Un Ry.... 74 71»i 72\ 73%
Detroit So '.' 1 3% 4%
1*> PW - 6% 7
iDjamond Match 134 140
B.SOO^ls Secur . 34?; 32% 33?; 33?s
|DJs Secur bonds. .' .'. 72% 7.1i»
200jDuluth S S & A.. 11% 10% U% 12
I 5.400, Do pfd ...... 1Q% 17%; 1S% 1»
71,900,Erte ..:.:...:... 34% 33% 34% 34%
13.900j >D 3 1st pfd ... 70 69»g iS9% 70
; 2,500| Do 2d pfd 48% 4S .4S«, 4S%
! E & T H >os CO'
Do pfd 75 85
1 G*n Chemical . , 48 65
••-••" pfd 94 96
l.SOOGen Electric .... 175% 174% 175% 176
I 200 Great No pfd .. 192 192 189' 192
j Green Cons Cop 4 . : 20% 20%
; Harana Tob Co .-..-.. .\ 26 30
1 Do pfd- .,-. —•. ¦". .... .::.? 3T ' 41 '
30ft.Hocking Valley .: 83 S2% SO 83
400; Do pfd .. S»OJ.; 90 {.»% 90
3.3<k> Illinolfi Central .. 145* 4 144 % 1 144% 144a;
j 2,400 ! Inter Paper ..... 19% l$i^ is% lgii'
i -.200J -Do pfd ....;-. 7S< 7S«i 77 77%
"OOInter Power ... 70% 6»%! «J9l' 7«
300 Inter Pump 38 37 37% 39
400| Do pfd 81 80% 81' 82
SOOIowa Central ... ..... ..... 25%; 2$V*
400 Do pfd ...... 47V; 46% 46% 47
Kanawha AMich 35«i 37 i
eOOKCFt S ft.Mpfd 79% 78% 79 SO
lOOjKans Oty So .. 26%^2«% 25tf 26
700 Do pfd ...... 1 50 48% 49 491;
lOOKepkuk & D M. 15%l 15?4 15% 16
....^UcHeCMpfd 81 82
700 L E & West... 34"4( 33 32% 34
-¦•¦":, Do "P fd »«' 110
• 1,500 Long Island 7,U%\ 57% 5* 60
26L400|Louls & Na«h.. ; .]137%il35%|136% 1.16%
3,100 Manhattan 159*4 1 153%! 158% 15?<%
(Manhattan Beach j 9% 11
12.OOO; Metropolitan Sees S414 83 | S»U S4%
!Met.Et Ry. .(122J4!l21% 122% 122%
38.7W! Mexican Central.) 1«%| 16% 1«% 1C%
«0<j;Minn- & St L....I 5S%! 57 CS " 59
Do 1st pW.i..|...... 02 PS
K00.M. StP&S8M| 83% I R3% »2% r:{
100| Do pfd.. '134 U34' 13.-1X4 l.T5%
12.C<00'Mo. Kan & Tex. »« 29 29% "UK
¦ 2.300; Do pfd 5S%| 56<!4 57 57%
92.300! Missouri Pacific. Io4%il01% 103% 104
3no.XaKh. C & St L. 137 136 135* 135^
3.000 National Lead... 24% 24 24% 24«2
•• Do pfd ? 90' 97^
Ntl U R Mex 19% 20%
6,60O| Do pfd ,. 42% 41«i 42% 42'i
SOD! National .Biscuit. 49V4 49% 49- 4!)(*
I Do pfd..; — : : 109?; 110%
........ [New Jersey Cen. > 18« 1&S%
l'.lOOjN T Air Brake.'. 13S% 137% 137% 138%
10.700:n>w York Cen. . 135% 134% 134% 135
200 N T, C & St L. 35 34^4 .t4% 35%
I Do 1st. pfd no 116
100 Do 2d pfd 69% 69% «9 70.
.......IN Y Dock _...;...... 14 17
300IN V, N H & H. 193% 193% 193 19.3%
12.600 N Y, Ont & W.. 36U 35% 36 36%
S.ROO.'Norfolk & W*st. 72% 71% 71% 72
200 Do pfd 93 93 92% 04
3.S00|North American. "96% 95 96 . ' »«%
4.700,Northern Sees... J15% 113% M%]U4\i
iOmaha 140 150
Do pfd 185
OSL4s.: jo »9%
1,700'Paciflc Coast....- 71% 60% 70%! 71%
I Do 1st pfd 95 |1C5'
Do 2d pfd 77 78%
1.4O0 Pacific Mall a« H6% 37 37%
107.3<X>;Penn R R Co... 136% i:«% 136 136%
5,800!People'« Gas 107% 106 106% 106%
200 P, C. C & St L. 76 75 74 76
I Do prd J04 105
6.fl00!Presged SteefCar 44% 42 1 42% 44
2,3001 Do pfd ,. .84 R4 83 83%
200 Pullman Car Co. 230 230 227% 230
1.70oJRy Steel Springs 27' 20% 26 26%
500! Do pfd.. 86% 86% 86 86%
lE5.700;Readlng 73% 72 73% 73%
MOW Do 1st pfd ... 87 86% 87 '87%
300) Do 2d pfd 78?i 79% 79« 80'
7.100,Re P ubl!q 8 & I.. 13 12^4 12% 12%
14,100 Do pfd 64% 52% 53% 53*4
900 Rubber Goods... 24 23 ' 23 23%
30J) Do pfd 86% 86 S5 88
900 Slow S 8 4 I Co 45% 45 45% 46
•• o D ° P*«- f 90 100
StJ'tOT.V..'.... 16 17
Do l*t P«... B2 64
Do 2d pfd 27 2S
I " W^ SL & SF l«t Pfd • ... . . . . .73 75 '
2,2001 Do pfd........ cs«4 C2% C2% C3
; 1.700 St L & 8 W:.. 25- 22% 22% 2-»«i
i 3.200! Do USA. ....... 5O% 60 4:> 6O
j S2.f»OV Southern Pacific. 03% rtl% 'qiil <&
i <HI^i SoUthtrn R y--- 34% 84% 34% 34%«"
8.400]. Do vif. ..... 85% 95 Mg'BBJM
I IStandard Oil 643 645
i lOOjStand P. & T... i% i% iv 1%
:::::::!tTl 3o t i^:::^ 66^^iH
. J2.40WTexas Pacific : ; 45>4 *44% 34*: 35
lC0|Tol. St-L * W.; 31' 31 31' 31%
....... Do pfd ;.'.... go 50M
OOOjTwin City R T. 103% 10-lti 1O3>4 lonvt
; lOJUnlon B &.P... . 7$ 7% flu e2
. 72.2C0iUnlon Pacifle... IT>7% IfMi% 107% 1071?
2.300 Do pf« 95 O4&J 95^ 85 ii
Do conv 4's...- 109% 110.
United Copper... :.;.. ..... 5 • 7
U Rds of S F. .. ...'. 14 . 1414
300 Do, pfd... '. 68 57% 68' 6914
•P0 4'l.. v ..... .......... S3 84?
l ....:..U S C I P.... ./.;. I3v VIK
> J.500 Do pfd C5 64 61% e5
fU S Express.... ...-. 117 120
¦ «.M«U b Leather.'... 11% It 11 nu
¦I.SCOi-.'Do pH V. 0O «S)% 89% fM)'^
r.7lO!U S Rubber.... .TO 27% •»*% 2N%
4W Do pfd. "3 83% 84 84%
1K6,5CO,U S Steel Cor. .. 22% 21% 22 22%
200,000'. Do pfd ,. b3% 81% E2% 83 •
...... JVa-C5ar Chem Co ..'... ..... -35% 35%
2.500L- Do pfd........ 1S« 1 R % 18 :18%
fl,O00W»bash 22 21% 21% 21%
17.7Cfr .Do.pfdr i.i 44% 43 • 43% 43?,
r>o deb B's 67% W-.
ZOO\ Well* Fanco Ex : 240 240- 240 247
"I.«W Western .Unlop..- ift . Ui% V2 92%
l,400!We*UnBhnus* ... 1CDU 168 167% 168 -
... |. Dr- 1st pfd.*< .185 200
- 1,1CO:W & L E a.;. 18% .18%
........ Do 1st pfd....- ...V. ...... 30?4 -37-
l.Sfttl! Do2d pfd 2S% 27% 28 28 .
12,S0f-l Wisconsin C^nt. 23. 21% 21% 22%
2.500 Do pfd." I 4C% 45>4 4« • 46U
ISouth Pac pfd. ..|116 |116%|116% 116 »
1.*mboo totnl »hare«,»ol4 . '
The millers continue to quote a soft market
for Bran at the recent decline 1 . The Hay mar
ket shows no change whatever. The receipts
yesterday included 52 cars.
BRAN— $10 50@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24©2S per ton.
SHORTS— $19 60020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $23 5C92* per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill.' $31 5O@32 SO;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22823: Corn
Meal. $30 5O*»31 50; Cracked Corn. $313:52;
Mixed Feed. $22@22 50; Horse Beans, $30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10015 50; Wheat and Oat.
$10jj.l4 60; Oat. $9@13* Barley and Oat $8
@12; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7010; stable. $9
©11: stock. $5 6O®7; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa.
$9@12 per ton.
STRAW— 45@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff's.
Now York Bonds. !
U S ref 2s res.. 104%) l & N unified 4s.lC2%
Do coupon 104% I Man con gold 4s. 105
Do 3s reg 10*%| Mex Central 4s... 74%
Do coupon." KHTh! Do 1st Inc.... 20%
l>o new 4s reg.W0%| Minn & St L 4s. 94%
. Do coupon 131% M. K & Texas 4s. 102
Do old 4s.regJ0C%| Do 2ds 83
Do coupon 1C6%|NR of Mex con 4s. 78%
Atch gen. 4a lC2ftlN Y C gen 3%s..l0oy*
Do adj 4s 97 IN J C gen 0a 134M,
Atlantic C L. 4s. OS^I Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s..l03%| Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s 95 !* I Nor & W eon 4s.lOO%
Central of Ga Ss.ll3moSL 4s & partlc. 99%
Do 1st inc SSVill'a conv 3%s.:..103
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lC5-V Heading gen 4s... 101%
Chi & Alton 3%'. SI'S! S I, & I M con 5s.ll5%
C. B & Q new 4s. »8%| S L & S F fg 4s. 8C%
CM & SPn 4s.l«>% l St Louis SW lsts. 99
C & NW con 7s. 17S% I Seaboard A L 4s. 81%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 77%iSo Pacific 4s 94%
Do col 6s S7%|So Railway 6s. ..118%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01%!Tex & Pac lsts. .120
Chi Term 4s 7S j Tol. St L & W 4s. 80%
Con Tobacco 4s. 74%| Union Pacific 4s.lOS
Colo &¦ So 4s 87%| Do conv 4s 100%
C F & I con 5s. 81>4| U S Steel 2d 5s.. 88
D«n & Rio G 4S.1OH4! Wabash lsts 118%
Erie prior lien 4s. 89% I Do deb B . 68%
Do gen 4s ...<. 88 ! W & L Erie 4s... 91
F W & D C lsts.110%! Wis- Central 4s... 02
Hock Val 4%s...lO9 |
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief ~ 0«
Alice 551 Ontario 3 76
Breece 18] Ophlr 2 25
Bruns Con 00| Phoenix ....2 00
Com Tunnel .... 10, Potosi : i 16
Con Cal & Va. . . 1 63! Savage 2»
Horn -Sliver- . ; ... 1- 50! Sierra Nevada. -. . . 27
Iron Silver .> 1 90| Small Hopes 80
Leadville Con 021 Standard,.. 1 86
. Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— . | U S Steel 22
Call loans 2®3| Do pfd 82%
Time loans 4g5| Westing Common. 83
Bonder-r y»« . i Mining—
Atchison 4s 101 %| Adventure 8%
M«-x Central 4u. .. 73 I Allouez 12
Railroads — * Anial Copper .... 64%
Atchison 85% Araer Zinc IS
Do pfd 101 V* Atlantic ..... 13T»
Boston & Albany.24S% Blngham 30%
Boston & Maine.167 | Calumet &
Boston Elev .....153 I Centennial ." 27
Fltchburg pfd 138 I CopD«r Range ... 61 %
Mex Central 1CHI Daly West 13
NY N H & H. .193%l Dom Coal .'...:.. 65
Pere Marquette. . .' 76 • | Franklin 8%
Union Pacific '.107 j Grancy ..........' 3%
Miscellaneous — | Isle Royale 21%
Amer Arge Chem.' 19%l Mass Mining .... 6
Do pfd 81 Michigan 7%
Amer Pneu Tube. 8% Mohawk 49%
Amer Sugar 136 Mont Coal & Coke 6%
Do pfd 135 Old Dominion ... 21%
Amer Tel & Tel. 143%! Oaceola 89
Amer Woolen ... 18%! Parrot - 25%
Do pfd .: 83%fQuincy 94%
Dom Iron & S... 15 j Fhannon 6%
Ed Elect Ilium.. 252 I Tamarack 121%
Gen Electric ....175%! Trinity ...;.. 8%
Mass Electric 13% United Copp« r .. 11%
Do pfd 55 US Mining 28%
Mass Gas , 42 Utah 41%
United Fruit 105%! Victoria 3%
Un Shoe Mach... 53V Winona »
Do pfd 31%l Wolverine 96%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 88% i X Y Central 139%
.Do for acct..88 3-ltJj N'.r & Western... 74%
Anaconda 5V Do pfd 93%
Atchison ' S7 T ,!Ont & Western... 37%
Do pfd 104%! Pennsylvania 69%
Bait A Ohio 97%|Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 136%!Reading 37
Cho» & Ohio 46%' Do 1st pfd 44%
Chi Great West.. 19 Do 2d pfd i 41
Chi. Mil &. St P.174Vi So Railway 85%
De Beers 18 Do pfd ". 97%
Len & Rio G 3O%|So Pacific 64%
Do pfd 85 j Union Pacific ....110%
Erie 84% Do pfd 97
Do 1st pfd 71»iJ U S Steel . 22%
Do 2d pfd .. 49%| Do pfd 84%
Iil Central 1 150 I Wabash 22
Louis & Nash 140%l Do pld . .•. 44%
M. K A Texas... 30% I Spanish 4s 87
¦ Bar silver, steady, 26*4 d Per ounce.
Money, 1@1 % per cent. .
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2?g©2% per cent, and for three
month*' bills is 2%62% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 17.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balance. $149,300,318: gold, $75,426,853. % m
:r: "Seiv York Cotton Market, f •
NEW YORK. " Oct. 17.— COTTON— Futures
opened ¦ steady. October. 9.90c; November
-9.91c;. December. 9.9ttc; January. 10.00c; Feb
ruary, 10.12c; March. 10.19c; April. 10.20c bid;
May. 10.24c. ' . .
Futures closed steady. October, . 9.75c; No
vember, 9.7Sc: December, 9.87e; January, 9.92c;
February. 9.S5c; March, 10.02c; April, 10.04c;
May, lO.OSc. : . • . . .
Suot closed quiet. 15 points decline: .Mld
dling. uplands,, 11.20c; middling gulf, -10.45c
Sales, 2500- bales.
New York Grain and Produce. •
NEW -YORK, Oct. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27.700 barrels; exports, lftOO barrels; sales.
3400 packages. Market firm, but inactive.
Minnesota patents, $3 10@6 43; winter patents,
$3 5Oi@4 20; Minnesota bakers', $3 50@3 90;
winter low grader, $3 S0ft4.
WHEAT— Receipts, 31.000 bushels: sales.
4,300,(X>0 bushels futures; spot, easy: No. .2
red. |1 14 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern,
SI 22. f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 hard Manitoba,
si 07% f. o. b. afloat. ¦ Options opened lower
under poor cables and heavy receipts; rallied
with corn, but again turned easier under liqui
dation in absence of public interest and closed
easy, net 1%@1%c lewer. May, ?1 V
1 13%. closed 1 12%; December, $1 16@1 16«»,
closed fl 16. . --
. HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Quiet. .
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c:
-centrifugal, 96 test. 4'4c; molasses sugar,
3%c; refined. ' quiet.
COFFEE— Spot, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 8%c;
mild, quiet. ' Futures closed steady at a net
gain of 5 points. Sales were 55.T5O begs.'in
cluding: November -at 6. 60@6.65c; December,
fi.75c: March, 7@7.05c: May. 7.20@7.25c; July,
7.40, and September. * 7. 60c. ' '
BUTTER — Firm; street price, extra cream
ery, 21@21%c; official prices, creamery com:
tnon to extra, 13921c; creamery common to
extra held 2O82O%c. '
CHEESE — We»k.
EGGS — Firm; Western finest selected, 23%<9
24c; average best, 22%®23c.
DRIED FRUITS,
EVAPORATED APPLES— For immediate
delivery ' are comparatively in light . supply.
Demand, however, is limited, with' futures
lightly offered. The tone of. the market is lit
tle better. Common are quoted 4@4%c; prime,
4 %® 5c; -choice, 6%e<5c; fancy, 6%®7c
. PRUNES — Are without material change;
prices still ranging from 2c to 5%c. according
to grade.
APRICOTS— Are in light demand, but hold
ers show confidence and prices are firmly
maintained. Choice are quoted at 9%e; extra
choice at' 10%@10%c; fancy. 11618c.
PEACHES — Are in lair demand, particularly
for the lower grades where not plentiful.
Choice are' 'held at 8%#9c; extra choice &%
8%@9%c; fancy at 9%@10c.
., New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK.' Oct. 17.— Tin had another
sharp advance in the London market, closing
at £132 6s for spot and £131 5s for futures.
Locally the market was firm and in sympathy
with the rains abroad and closed at $28 bf>'§
Cooper also was higher .in London, clciing
at £60 7« 6d for sDOt and £60 lls 3d for fu
tures. Locally the market was -firm and
higher. Lake is quoted/ $13 12%@13 37%;
electrolytic. Jl.TfflS 25: casting. $12 87%®13.
Lead- was a' shade higher- at £12-38 ltd in
London, but was unchanged here at . $4 2ugi
4 30. ' ' '' ¦ . '¦
Spelter was unchanged In London at £23,
but -was a little more firmly held In the local
market, closing at $5 20®5 25.
Iron cloned at 60s 6d in Glasgow and at
44s In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was firmer;
No. 1 fpundry Northern is quoted -at $14 50®
15; No. 2 foundry Northern. , $14® 14 00; No.1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
«o(t. $14@14 60. -• ¦ -:;^.:;';-;v •
Available »Grain Supply.
NEW YORK/ Oct. 17.— The visible silpply of
grain October '15, as compiled' by the New
York -Produce- Exchange, " follows:- - . ¦ - : .
Wheat 23.139,000 bushels: Increase 2,622,000
bushels; -corn 4,189,000 bushels, Oecrea** 356,
000 bushels > oats -23,788,000 bushels, < Increase
250.000 bushels; rye. 1,786.000 ' bushels.- increase
1W.000 bushels; barley 6,565,000 bushels, in
crease 236,000 bushels. ¦* .'. .''•¦¦' :>•,•-<•.->.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions..
CHICAGO. Octl 17.-^Contlnued free move
ment q/ grains from the farms was 'one. of the
principal reasons for a loss of l%c In. wheat
prices to-day. From beginning, to end. senti
ment in the., wheat pit was bearish. * At the
start ' the market was , influenced . by liberal
world's shipments, lower cables and continued
heavy receipts in the Northwest. Extreme
weakness of th« corn market alsr» 'Kerted a
depressing effect. . At the ' opening December
wheat was off %c to %c at $1 12% to $1 18«.'
May was down %6%c to 5»#%c at $1 11%0
1 12%. Several prominent commission houses
were heavy T sellers of the. December t option.
With ' little support the market ¦ Increased '« in
weakness . as trading progressed. : Fresh i in
centives to" sell' were fou'na in the "enormous
»rlmary V r«cei jtt. A further motive , was '-. an
Late mail advices from New York quote a
continued firm market for Hops at unchanged
prices and say:
"It is now calculated that there remain
only 8000 bales of the California crop to be
sold; 25,000 bales of the "Oregon crop. 10,000
bales of the Washington crop and 25.000 to
30,000 bales of the New York State crop. The
local market, reflecting the stronger advice*
from the coast and up the State, was firm and
higher, prices being advanced lc to 2c per
pound. Foreign advices continued strong."
A local estimate cuts down the quantity of
Hops left In growers' hands as not exceeding
2000 bales. In any event, no matter what the
estimate, the quantity is small.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and biands sell
about %@lc under quotations. " Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 9c: Cow
Hides. 0c for beavy and 9c for light; Stags.'
7c: Salted Kip 10c; Salted Veal, lie; Salted
Calf. ll%c; dry Hides. 16%@17c: dry Kip. 139
14c; dry Calf 19c: Sheepskins shearlings. 233
40c each; short Wool. 404?ti5c each; medium.
75@9Oc; long Wool. $1«1 50; Horse Hides,
ealt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 60 for medium.
$1 50-g-J for small and 50c for Colts; Hors*
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75r; extra large (tow
$1 25; large 60c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4g4%c per Ib:
No. 2. 3%c; Grease, 2%@3c
WOOL— Fall clip-^San Joaquln and South
ern. 9i@llc; Southern. 8®9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9{?llc; Middle Counties, free. 12914o:
do. defective. 10® 12c: Northern free. 12014c;
do. defective, 10012c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 14Q15c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 26®31c per lb.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hods.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages 'are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50;- extra cream do, $3 60:
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 C0@3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 60; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls, $6 76@7 60; In
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas $5 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80^
5 10, usual terras; Bakers' Extras, $4 T0@5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
P«r bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
fornia large Yellow. $1 40SJ1 45; small rouni
do. $1 5501 62%; White, nominal: Egyptian.
$1 35@1 45 for White and _$1 25@1 30 for
Brown. .
RYE— $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
increase of 3,000,000 bushels in the visible
supply. During the latter part of the session
the market experienced several temporary ral :
lies on coverings by shorts. * On every slight
upturn, -however, offerings came out in such
quantities as to quickly send prices back to a
lower level.. The low point on December for
the jjay was reached when shortly before the
close the prices touched $1 11%. At the same
time. May Bold off to $1 11. The market went
off weak, with December at $1 12%. Final
flsures on May were at $1 11%. •
Corn was naturally weak. December closed
4S(848%e. .. ¦ ' ¦ -
December oats closed lower at 28%@28%c
Liberal receipts of hogs with lower prices
at the yards and general weakness of grains
caused a decline in the price of lard. Pork
was off 3Oc, lard was down 17%c, and ribs
were 20c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. t —
October 1 11%
December ...... 1 13% 1 13% 1 11% 1 12%
May 1 12% 1 12% 111 111%
Corn No. 2 —
October 50
December 49 40 47% 48%
May 46U 46% 44% 45
Oat9 No. 2—
October , 28%
December 2SH 28% 28 28%
May 30% 30%' 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 20 12 25 12 10 12 10
May 12 17% 12 17% 12 05 12 05
October . .. .10 72% 10 75 10 60 10 66
December 10 t 85 10 92% 10 80 10 82%
Lard, per ICO lbs —
May 7 20 7 25 7 15 T 15
October 7 12% 7 12% 7 12% - 7 12%
December 7 10 7 10 7 02% 7 02%
January .: 7 15 7 20 7 05 7 07%
Short Rlbe, per 100 lbs —
October 7 45 7 45 7 45 7 45
January 6 40 6 42% 6 30 6 32%
May 6 47% 6 47% g 40 6 42%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct! 17. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour.' firm: No. 2 spring wheat, $1 13
©1 18; No. 3. *1 15@1 17; No. 2 red. $1 15%@
1 17; No. 2 corn. 51%c: No. 2 yellow, 51%c:
No. 2 oats, 28%c; Mo. 2 white. 31@31%c; No.
8 white, 29@30%c; No. 2 rye, 78c! good feeding
barley, 36%c; fair to choice malting, 40@48c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 09; No. 1 Northwestern,
$116; mess pork, per barrel, $10 65@10 75;
lard, per 100 pounds. $7 12%®7 15; short ribs
sides (loose) $7 50^7 62%; short clear sides
(boxed), $7 25; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 26; clover, contract grade, $12 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,300 16,600
Wheat, bushels 104,000 116,900
Corn, bushels 108,500 834,600
Oats, bushels 204,500 141,700
Rye, bushels. 9,000 »4,100
Barley, bushels 149,900 33,000
Biitter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was • firm.
Creameries, 15@20%c; dairies, 13@17. Eggs,
firm, 16V-®18c. firsts lS%c. prime firsts 20%c,
extras 22 %o. Cheese, easy. 10@10%c.
ELGIN, 111.. Oct. 17. — Sales, of butter during
the week were 673.200 pounds, quoted at 21o
per ponnd. The price advanced lc per pound
on the Board of Trade this afternoon.
Oattle. sheep and hogs.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Oct. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 30,
000,. including 300 Westerns. Steady to 10c
lower. Good to prime ateers, . $5 75@6 76 ; poor
to medium, ?3 7C®5 50; stockers and feeders,
?2 25@4; cows. 41 5OS4; heifers, $2 50@4 75;
canners, $1 50@2 40: bulls. $2&i 25: calves. $3 50
07; Texas fed steers, $3 50&5 50; Western
steers, $3@5 25.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 35,000; to-morrow.
18,000. 15c lower. Mixed and butchers. $5 15
®5 40; good to choice heavy, $5 30@5 40; rough
heavy. $4 80©5 10; light. $5@5 30; bulk of sales,
$5 1JMT5 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, 40.000. Sheep and lambs,
weak. Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4 25: fair
to choice mixed. $3 25@3 60: Western sheep,
$2 75iJM 10; native lambs, $4 50O6; Western
lambs. $Kti5 C5.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Oct. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 7700. Steady. Native steers, $4 25#
6 25; cows and heifers, $2 40@3 50; Western
steers, $.1@4 BO; Texas steers. J2 75@3 65; range
cows and heifers. $2 25@3 25: canners, $1 50@
2 10: stockers and feeders, $2 25#3 90; calves,
?3S 5 50; bulls and stags, $1 .Wu.'t 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 2000. 10c lower. Heavy.
$5fi."> 15; mixed. $5®5 05: light, $5 05@5 13;
piKs. $4 5005; bulk of sales, J.VJiS 05.
SHEEP — Receipts 27.500. Active and steady.
Western yearlings, $3 C0<@4; wethers, $3 40®
3 80; ewes,--$3@:i 50; common and stockers,
$2 50@3 70; lambs, $4 5O@5 20.
. . Kansas City. . . ......
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 17,000. ¦ Steady. Native steers, }4@6 25;
native cows and heifers, $1 50@4 50; stockers
and feeders, $2 2504 20; • bulls. $1 76@3 25;
calves $2 5006; Western steers, $3@* 60; West
ern cows. $1 5O@3 50. 1. ,." "• - > - .- • . u
HOGS*-^Receipts. - 40OOr-10©15e"lower. Bulk
of sales. $4 85@5 25; heavy, $5 20415 35: pack
ers. *5 10«5 30:- Pigs and lights, $4 6085 00.
SHEEP — Receipts,: 8000. Steady. Muttons,
$3 25$>S S3; lambs.- $4@5 25; range wethers,
$3 25@4; eweo; $2 7503 50.
3IISCEIiLAXEOUS MARKETS.
Foreijm Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — . - ¦ • Dec. March.
Opening ...» 7 6%" 7 7%
Closing 7 6% 7 7
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 60 24 85
Closing ..' 23 65 24 90
Flour-
Opening .: 3105 32 35
Closing 31 10 32 60
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 17. — Wool, steady;' medium
grades, combing and clothing. 2O@28c; light
fine, 16<@20c;- heavy fine, 12@10c; tub washed,
22®36c.
Northern Wheat' Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 17.— WHEAT— For export:
Walla Walla, 82c; Bluestem. Soc; Valley, 83c.
For . shipment : Walla . Walla, 83c; Buestem.
80c. - •-•-, .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 17.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Bluestem, 86c; Club, 82c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Oct. 17.— Clearings, $1,077,308;
balances. $181,443. : . •
TACOMA, Oct. 17.— Clearings, $534,300; bal
ances. $35,003. ..-¦¦.: t
PORTLAND. Oct. 17.— Clearings, $1,106,025;
balances, $128,647.. • <•
SPOKANE, Oct. 17. — Clearings, $541,719;
balances. $78,800. / ¦ -.
LOCAL* MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
• -local..
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — J4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8t$U
Bterling Exchange, cables ...... — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 07 Vi
New York- Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce . — 67%
Mexican Dollars — 46
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Paris..: ...B.16%
New York on Mexico;.. 217
Paris on London... 25.11%
Berlin on London 20.35
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— Liverpool 4 future* were lower and
Paris futures firmer. The world's shipments
for the week were as follow?, ; in quarters:
Russian. 475,000: Danublan, 76.000; Argen
tine, 88,000; Indian, 101.000; Australian,
92.000. The ' American visible supply In
creased 2.622.000 bushels.
Chicago was l%c lower on the day. Min
neapolis reported a good cash demand.
In this market future* were lower In iym
pathy with Chicago, while the cash grain was
quiet and unchanged. ' ¦ ¦ ¦
.CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45®1 52%; California
White Australian. $1 50® 1 C2H: Northern
Club $1 46©1 52%; Northern Bluestem, $1 60
®1 62ft per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...fl 49% $1 49U $1 40 ' $i 40V&
May 1 60% 1 50% ¦ 1 509. 1 BOH
2 p. m. Session.- •
Open. High. Low. Close. •
December ...|1 49 $149 $148% fl 49
May ........ 100^, 160% 160%. 160%
BARLEY — Futures were , weak and dull.
The cash grain continued quiet and unchanged
Receipts were liberal, being 11,786 ctls.
CASH BARLEY. ~~
Feed. $1 071&O1 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping, $1 15W1 17%;, Chevalier. $1 17UO
1 22V4 per ctl. s • ¦ ...
FUTURES. , .
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. : nx
December— No sales, $1 00% bid, $1 C9%
asked. • • - . .
2 p. ; m. Session.
December — $109%. ¦ t
. OATS— White Oats are very, firmly held and
there- are some fine samples from the north
showing 'on 'Change: Choice white - clipped
Northern Feed are sailing as high as $1 60%,
while for No. 1 . white Northern $1 62% is
asked. There - is 'nothing new in * the other
descriptions. <¦ Offerings of 'Red continue ample
for all current needs. - '- . ¦ • ¦ . ¦ .¦: > .,
-White, $1 40@l. 66 Vi; Surprise, $1 6O@l 60:
Red -for feed.; $1 32 %@1 45 for No.. 1- and
$1 22%®1 30: for- No.' 2; extra fine, for- seed,
fl 42%©1 50;CBlack. $1 30©l 35 for feed and
$15001 70 for,.seed. .
., ; CORN— -The s stream ~ from the West which
was ¦¦ resumed : several days . ago still continues
and yesterday V 1200 s ctls cams' in . from • that
quarter." The- market" remains as previously
Quoted " and ' the > feeling * Is steady. ' ¦¦ . -- '
..Western sacked, . $1 40<@ 1 45 for Yellow, $1 45 '
for Whits and $1 40@l 42% for : Mixed; Call-
bbl: extra Mess. $10 50<SU: Family. $12Q12 50:
prime Meas Pork. $14 60; extra clear. $23:
Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$26* Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c fo r Eastern compound
and 10% c for pure: half-barrels, pure. 10%r;
10-lb Una. ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll?»c: 3-lb tins.
ll%c
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c: thre*
half barrels, S&c; one tleroe. 8%c; two tierces.
8%c; live tierces, 8ttc per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER IS, 1UU4.
Continued on Page Fourteen,
. There was no change In this market yester
day. ' Brokers' wires from Chicago said : : "The j
best that i the bull interest in Provisions could
do last week was to support prices a little on
the* weak "spots.: The large • packing Interests *
seem bullish, , but • not - sufficiently so to take
the stuff In such quantities aa to bring about '
any ] material •¦ reaction. '^Agffl'nw^aftaMla
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 He j»rlb for
heavy; 11 %c for light - medium. -¦ 14c < for ' light.
14He t: for s. extra . light ' ' and . 17c for «. sugar
cured: dry salt { Sidea. ;- 10%e; '. Bellies, ; 12c;
Eastern • • sugar-cured Hams, ¦ 14c; - Cali
fornia Hams, 13 %c; Mess Beef. $10® 10 BO oer •
.Provisions.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
..AUCTION SALE..
Thoroughbred Jersey Cattle
The Entire Prlie Winning Yerba Buena H«rd
of Jerueys belonging to the
Estate of the LATE HENRT PIERCE.
Consistlne of
GO Head Registered Bulls, Cows
-and Calves.
TUESDAY EVENTXG. October '23. 1904.
-'- jx At the Salesyard of
FRED H. CHASE ®> CO.
Livestock Auctlonwrs,
1732 MARKET ST..- San Francisco.
Stock at yards Oct. 23.
Send for Illustrated catalogue.
AUCTION SALE
60 HEAD TROTTINO-BRED HOR8S8.
TUESDAY EVENING. OCT. 18. 1904. :
At 7:43 o'clock.
AT 1732 MARKET ST.. Cor. VAN NESS AVX.
Consignments from the estate of Jeaa* D.
Carr. Salinas; Hon. W. A. Shlpp*e. Nelson;
K. O'Grady. San Mateo. and A. F. Baker.
San Jose.
CONSISTING OF
Mares. Geldings. Colts and Fllllea. by Haw-
thorne, Dictatus Wllkes. Hart Boswell. Boodle.
Boodle Jr., Dictatus Medium and other good
sires, and out of high-class mares. Oa sauna
evenlnjr we will sell a number ot two and
three year old draft colts; good Individuals.
Bend for Cataloarue. *- • . . , '.
Horses at yard October IB. -' ' '*
FRED H. CHASE * CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Don't forget the big sal« of BO HEAD OT
GOOD. CHEAP WORK AND DRIVING
HORSES; also a lot of wagons, harness and
surreys. 1140 FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY. Oct.
18. 11 a. m. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE S*
WSSirXSDAY, Oct. 19, at 11 A. X.
Arcade Bont Market. 337 Sixth StTM*.
I will sell one carload of good young drtvtna;
horses, consigned to m« by Mr. Jones of Gray-
son (sired by the horse Richard Elector".
These horses are all well broken, single and
double. Must be sold to settle an estate. I
will also sell a lot of good draft horses and
brood mares buggies', wagons and harness.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Professor Edward Booth, instructor
in chemistry at the University of Cali
fornia, lectured last evening at the
Academy of Sciences on the subject of
"Radium and Radio Activity." The hall
was filled and the speaker held 'the
close attention of his audience while he
told of the power and action of the
newly discovered and mysterious ele
ment.
Academy of Sciences Lecture..
; We are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents' for
"The Marshall," the best 51.00 pen in the
world. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market
street. ' * •
All ailments arising: from a disordered
stomach, torpid liver and constipated
bowels are quickly cured by Using Lash/s
Kidney and Liver Bitters. . .
IN-SANE MAN ATTEMPTS ESCAPE.-John
LebofT. an Insane patient at the Detention Hos
pitaF, created a scene yesterday while Judra
Kerrigan was asking him a few questions Dre
vious to committing him to Ukiah HosDital
When Deputy Sheriff Mahoney opened the door
of his cell the crazy man seized the key and
made an attempt to escape. He was lnstantiv
*ei«d by Deputy Sheriff Hlnev placed fa,
straltjacket and conveyed to the van.
RUSH IT. Gabriel Pristine Co.. '."Print Any.
thins." 419 Sacramento et. Never dlsappolab*
The Southern * Pacific Company,
through its manager, James Agler, has
offered a reward of $250 for the ar
rest and conviction of the murderers
of J. A. Hemphlll. who was a mem
ber of a freight crew and was killed
on September 21. while leaving Bak
ersfield on a southbound train. He
was missed from the train and the
following morning his body was found
two miles west of Bealville, riddled
with shot and bearing several knife,
wounds.
Reward for Murderers.
Ser.d your name and address on a pos
tal and we will deliver at your home a
sample sack of "Summit Snow" Flour
free of cost. v ;
C. A. HUTTOK & CO..
Distributors,
. Room 4. No. 133 Spear St., S. F. •
Free Flour.
Sacred Heart booth— Mrs. J. F. Sullivan,
Mrs. C. - Ivancovich, Miss C. Thomas and
Miss M. Gibbons: Golden Gate Valley booth-
Mrs. E. F. O'Connor and Mrs.. A. J. Vander
White; St. BrlgWs booth — Miss Margaret
Leonard. Mi » Julia Daly. Miss Nellie Kirby.
Mi?s Nora O'Donnell. Miss Marie Cassou and
Miss Margaret Casey; refreshment booth — Mrs.
(ieoige Baron; Icecream soda stand — Miss Ag
nes Gorcvan; St. Francis 1 stand— Mrs. John J.
Qulnn and Mrs. F. Dufneld: postgraduate
stand— Miss Mary Cooper and.Mrs. James Kent
zel; Children of Mary booth — The Rev. Father
J. A. McAulifte, Miss Genevleve Pyne, Miss
Kegrina Herlihy. Miss Florence Jordan. Miss
Loretto Jordan. Miss Elizabeth. Reyes, Miss
Mary Cottle. Miss May Wilson and Miss Kath
leen Mahoney: St. Helen's booth— Mrs. Frank
Su'.livan; St. Margaret's booth— Mrs. John Gil
martin, Airn. .William J. Clasley, Mrs. John
Dougherty, Mrs. Joseph Derham and Miss Julia
Scott. ...
St. Brigid's Bazaar presented a
beautiful scene last evening. All the
booths are exquisitely adorned and the
articles contained in them are artistic.
There was bright music contributed by
Miss Ethel Grazer, whose solos on the
French horn were clever, and' R. J.
Harrison, the organist of Bt. Mary's
Cathedral, who presided at the piano.
The bazaar will continue for some
days. '
A feature Is the luncheon which is
served from noon until 1:30 every day.
Following are the names of the ladies
who are presiding at the various
booths:
Music Form Delightful and En
tertaining Combination.
Beautiful Decorations and Brightest of
ST. BRIGID'S BAZAAR
HAS ARTISTIC BOOTHS
Three children survive him, George
H. Lent of the real estate firm of
Hooker & Lent, Eugene Lent and Miss
Fannie Lent. William Lent was born
In New York on March 15, 1818. Ar
rangements for the funeral will be
made later-
The activity of his early years taxed
his vitality and he was forced by 111
health to retire from business, several
years ago. However, his vigorous mind
never failed him and he retained all
his faculties to the; hour of his death.
He passed away quietly with his chil
dren by his bedside. . . >'-
William Lent, a well known pioneer,
S6 years old, died yesterday at his res
idence. €99 Polk street. Air. Lent was
one of the first who crossed the plains
early in '49. Immediately upon his ar
rival here he became prominent among
those who served the Interests of Cal
ifornia. His integrity end energy as
a business man brought him well de
served success.
Containing over 1700 In California and every
person and concern In business In - the State
arranged alphabetically in their respective
towns; also railroad fares, population, names of
all county officials, banking, etc. Indispensable
to the business man and lawyer. Informa
tion found In a moment that will take days
to obtain otherwise. A postal to Suits-Shu
man Company. 738 Mission street, or phone
Black 6475. will bring agent with book for In
spection. ' •
Sults-Shuman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1905.
DEATH CALLS
AGED PIONEER
AT HIS HOME
John King, a young soldier, will be
tried before Judge Mogan next Thurs
day on the charge of having shot with
intent, to kill two men,' a sailor and a
piano player, in a Pacific atreet saloon
early yesterday morning. There was a
drunken fight in the place and King
alleges that he shot in self defense".
The wounded piano player is said to be
in a precarious condition.
George S. Cook, arrested for flourish-
Ing a revolver in a Fourth street sa
loon, told the policeman that he carried
the weapon in order to protect his
money, as he. was in the habit of con
veying vast sums in his pockets. As
only fifty cents could be found in his
possession, however, he was promptly
adjudged guilty and remanded for sen
tence.
"It was a foolish thing to do," said
his Honor. Then he fined Irwin $5 and
discharged George.
pursued the young fellows back to the
house they had just left and arrested
them as they were trying to find con
cealment in a bedroom. The pistol had
disappeared
"Which of you fired the shot?" in
quired Judge Mogan.
"I did," promptly replied Irwin.
NEW ELECTRIC COMPANY.— The Colum
fcln Electric Company was Incorporated yester
day with a capita.1 stock stated to be $5,000.
nco. of which S1GO each has been subscribed by
the follow Jug directors : Sidney Sprout. J. P.
O'Brien. Max L. Roaenfeld. E. E. Peabody and
J. A. Thomas, the latter of Los Angeles.
The overworked Eye. faded Eye. red
and 'inflamed Eye. Eye that needs care,
relieved by Murine Eye Remedy. •
William Dorsey, a "lumper," or as
sistant teamster, living at 101^ Grant
avenue, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Detectives Ed Gibson and
Bailey and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny. Charles
Waldier, another lumper, living at 2655
Howard street, was also arrested, but
after being questioned by Chief Witt
man was discharged.
Dorsey and Waldier were employed
in assisting the firm of J. J. Gildea
& Co., men's clothing. Market street
and Grant avenue, I to move to their
new store at 102S Market street. A sack
containing $612 50 in gold and sliver
Iiad been secreted behind a dresser.
Above the dresser hung a picture and
while Dorsey and "Waldier were taking
down the picture they pulled the dress
er aside and the sack was disclosed to
view.
Dorsey picked up me sack, and,
watching his opportunity, hurried from
the store to Caley & Boeder's saloon
on the opposite corner, where he asked
Caley to keep the sack in his safe till
he called for it again.
When the sack was missed the po
lice were notified and Gibson and Bai
ley were detailed on tne case. While
Chief Wittman and the two detectives
were standing In front of the saloon
Caley told them that the stolen sack
was in his safe and he described the
man who had left it. The sack was
handed to the officers and in a few
minutes Dorsey and Waldler were
placed under arrest. The : sack was
bcoked as evidence against Dorsey.
LUMPER FINDS
SACK OF COIN
Hazel Damon, young, petite and
modestly attired, j tearfully told Police
Judge Mogan that she had no recollec
tion whatsoever of the misconduct al
leged bv Patrolman "Sam" Orr, who
arrested her last Saturday evening for
disturbing the peace on O'Farrell
street, between Stockton and Powell.
She must have been completely crazed
by the third and last drink of whisky
she . took In a concert hall which she
had visited with "a lady friend," for
oblivion quickly followed its consump
tion. No, she would not go so far as
to say the' liquor was drugged. The
truth was that she had never drunk
much alcoholic fluid and it was reason
able, to presume that the influence of
drink No. * 3 produced her delirium. If
the policeman said she fought like a
wildcat at bay and said things unfit for
publication, she guessed he told the
truth. He might say what he pleased
without fear of contradiction from her,
for she remembered nothing of what
happened from !the time she imbibed
that third drink until she found herself
in -solitary confinement Sunday morn
ing
The policeman testified that the girl
had been twice ejected from the con
cert hall before he was summoned to
take her into custody. She had resisted
expulsion with tooth and nail, and sev
eral athletic, waiters were hardly able
to cope with her. She resisted him fu
riously, casting herself upon the side
walk, screaming like a hyena and.slap
ping his face. She endeavored to .smash
the patrol alarm box to which he
dragged her. and in the wagon she kept
two burly bluecoats fully engaged in
holding her down.* At the Central Sta
tion it was found v necessary to place
her in a cell by herself.
After the girl had entered her plea of
lack of recollection, she informed the
court that her home is in Portland,
Ore., but for several months she has
been* employed in an inn at Berkeley.
Thinking there would be "some doings"
on this. side of the bay last Saturday
evening in celebration of Stanford's
victory and' Berkeley's defeat at foot-
; Irwin and George Calef, brothers
came from Oakland last Saturday
evening to attend a party at th 6 r"~
idence of their married sister on mS
slon street, between Twelfth and Thr
teenth, and when they started to re
turn home one of them fired a partlne
salutevtothelrlatehostessCf
charging a : pistol on the street.' 4 po
licema.n rushed from a near.cofner and
But there was no satisfactory explan
ation of why Mr. Kelly was drunk and
penniless and homeless when one of
the alleged conspirators picked him' ud
on the-Barbary Coast last Saturday
night. "I fail ter recamembah dat in
cerdent." he said. Sentence to-day '
James Kelly, born In Ireland of Af
rican, parents, opined that there Is a
police conspiracy, in this city to keep
him in jail, for no sooner has he served
one term of imprisonment than he is
rearrested for vagrancy and sentenced
to another.
"It am a 'culiar thing, yo Honnah,"
said Mr. Kelly to Judge Mogan, "dat
jes' ez soon ez I gits back from de
grape pickin' In gurnoma County I'se
pinched. Up dah in Surnoma de per
llce respick" me,. High Sheriff Grace
am my beB' fren', an' de inferior of
flcahs nebbah trubble , me." •
G. Piheit, a Frenchman, denied that
he willfully smote MonFoon in the ab
domen while the latter was passing
out of the Chinese Theater last Sat
urday evening. -After witnessing the
drama,? M/ Piheit explained, he met a
compatriot at the door and to him
was i illustrating the-way In which the
leading man had beaten the villain to
earth and rescued the heroine just as
he was about to be confined In a cave
alleged to be alive with dragons. While
thus engaged the narrator swung his
right arm backward to show how the
hero had swung his spear and Mon
Foon stepped out of the doorway just
in time to receive the full force of the
swing in his gastronomic region. When
he recovered from the immediate force
of the blow, which had doubled him
up like a jackknife, Mon Foon haughti
ly waved away M. Plhelt's apologies
and had him arrested for. battery.
"Eet war ze sad accl-dent," M. Pi
helt said to Judge Mogan. "I show
how ze Chinee actaire brandeesh ze
spear an'. keel ze villain, an' ze arm
go back like zls, an' zen,"- pouf ! . zls
Chlneeman heem heet in ze sto-mlck
an' heem ver-ay seeck. Zen I beg ze
par-don. I .say how' sor-ray I ees.
Heem ver-ray an-gray. I again geeye
heem ze apalozhay."
Case dismissed.
• • •
Patrolman Mill$ had C. J. Robinson
under constant surveillance for ninety
consecutive days and then arrested him
for being drunk the sixty-ninth time
during that period. The defendant
spent the greater part of the ninety
days and nights leaning against a cor
ner of Clay and Kearny streets, with
drawing his support from the building
only when he found it necessary to
forage" for food or liquor— mostly
liquor. If he had a lodging place other
than the corner aforementioned the
policeman could not find it. Pro
nounced guilty by Judge Mogan and
sentence deferred. till to-day.
• • •
Mrs. Anna Brewer exercised her fem
inine prerogative of mind-changing to
an extent that tried the patience of
Judge Mogan. After having her hus
band, John, arrested on the charge of
threatening to kill her with a knife
last Sunday at their home, 468 Eddy
street, she whispered to the Judge yes
terday morning her desire that the case
be dismissed, as the defendant had
promised to treat her' better and she
would be deprived of maintenance if he
were sent to jail. Her request was
taken under consideration and probably
would have been complied with if she
had not withdrawn It half an hour later
and said she was willing thtt the law
should take Its course, as she was not
entirely satisfied that John would live
up to his promise. Before she had me
to undergo another change of desire the
case was continued till Friday, by
which time her mind may be made up
"for keeps."
Manuel Aguirre, a Mexican, said he
did not willfully violate the ordinance
which prohibits the carrying of deadly
weapons because he did not know that
such an ordinance existed. He was ar
rested at 1:30 o'clock Sunday morning
while attending a hop at Washington
Square Hall and from his waist belt
protruded the butt of a revolver, which
investigation proved to be fully loaded.
In his native land, Senor Aguirre aver
red, no gentleman is regarded as prop
erly equipped for a fandango unless he
carries a pistol or a knife or both and
it was quite a revelation to him that
he was the only person who displayed
a weapon at the Washington Hall
dance. He will be sentenced to-day.
• • • •
George E. Stickel and Dora*Mowry.
charged with having, beaten Samuel
Bowley with a baseball -at last Satur
day night in the woman's house on
Geary street, will receive a hearing be
fore Judge Mogan next Thursday. Their
bail was raised from $50 to $250 apiece
by Judge Mogan after Detective Cody
had stated that Bowley's condition Is
very serious, his skull probably being
fractured.
R. A. Brown, head cook at the Russ
House, was accused of battery by J. J.
Kenney, head waiter of the same hos
telry, and haa his case continued till
next Tuesday. Claude Nicholson, chief
steward of the Russ. was charged with
having interfered with the .policeman
who arrested Brown, but Judge
Cabaniss virtually dismissed the case
by continuing It till November 10.
ball, she came over 'with a female ac
quaintance and started to tour the
cheap amusement houses. That was
how she happened to visit the concert
hall in which her third drink was
taken.
The Judge continued the case till to
morrow and in lieu of furnishing ' $25
cash bail the girl remains in custody.
The ordinance prohibiting the dis
tribution in doorways of handbills,
pamphlets, pictures or other adver
tisements was passed to print. The
ordinance is designed to stop the dis
tribution of literature relating to pa
tent medicines and drugs.
The amended ordinance providing
that when roofs are damaged to the
extent of 40 per cent of their value
they shall be repaired with fireproof
material only^ln a certain designated
district outside of the fire limits, was
re-referred to the Fire Committee to
give lumber dealers who oppose the
measure a chance to be heard next
Thursday at 11:30 o'clock a. m.
An ordinance was passed to print
fully accepting the roadways of Jer
sey street, between Castro and Dia
mond; Washington street, between
Cherry and First avenue; Chenery
street, between Thirtieth and Randall,
and Dorland street, between Guerrero
and Dolores, all paved with bituminous
rock. Similar action was taken for
the conditional acceptance of Mission
street between Onondaga avenue and
the county line. * . .
A resolution was adopted accepting
the offer of the Southern, Pacific Com
pany to dedicate for public street pur
poses certain tracts of land sixty feet
in width along both sides of the "com
pany's right of way between Twenty
fourth and Twenty-seventh avenues
South. The company agrees not to
close any streets in the Paul Tract,
which is adjacent to the lands de
scribed, but will not be compelled7to
maintain any grade crossings between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh
avenues South.
The following ordinances were finally
passed: Ordering, the performance of
street work in Park Hill avenue, South
Broderick and Tilden streets. Eighth
avenue, Hancock, J ana Cole streets.
Authorizing the^ return of special taxes
for schools and a hospital to the United
Railroads, $35,477 2S; Oceanic Steamship
Company, $1713 75; Bankers' Invest
ment Company. $3390 07; Union Trust
Company, $7521 80, and many others.
The H street contract is worth $21,
150, and the Board of Works claims
that as a specific appropriation was
made in the budget for the work no
additional authorization is required.
The same reasoning also applies to the
Fourth street contract, which, however,
has not yet been awarded. In all like
lihood Mayor Schmitz will veto both
resolutions, as his views on the sub
ject are similar to those of his Board
of Works.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
took the Board of "Works to task for
having awarded a contract to F. M.
Yorke & Co. for the paving of H street
between Seventh and Twentieth ave
nues and for having Invited bids for
the widening anS paving of Fourth
street without having first received the
legal authorization from the Super
visors, as required by the Jurisdictional
provision of the charter.
The resolutions as adopted recite that
the Board of Supervisors does not rec
ognize the authority ot the Board of
Works in entering into the contract
with the Yorke company nor in adver
tising for bids for the paving of Fourth
street and that any demands presented
for work done under the provisions of
the contracts will not be recognized
or approved by the Board of Supervis
ors.
The Finance Committee refused to
pass the demands of E. M. .Graney for
shoeing horses of the Fire. Depart
ment and ordered them returned to
the Fire Commission, together with a
previous resolution expressing dissat
isfaction with the manner in which
the contract was awarded.
The Election Commissioners were
requested to file a statement showing
what saving would be effected by the
employment of a caretaker for the
voting machines, as recommended by
the Mayor. Commissioner Leffingwell
thought the man selected should be a
competent mechanic, not necessarily
on the civil service list. Supervisor
Payot took occasion to criticize the
departments that are fighting civil
service and declared that it was all
due to the character of the men placed
on the various commissions.
County Clerk Greif was directed by
the Finance Committee to file a formal
request with the Mayor that he be al
lowed a temporary clerk to collect
seme $30,000 due the city in probate
cases not yet closed. Some of the
claims run back twelve years. Greif
reported that he was now up to date
with the work in his office besides
catching up with eight -months' back
work left by his predecessor. The
cemmittee complimented Greif on his
splendid showing.
The Finance Committee requested
the City Attorney to press the city's
suit against ex-City Treasurer Brooks
for the recovery of commissions on
collateral inheritance taxes retained
by Brooks in the city's vaults. The
committee also* requested Treasurer
McDougald to write a letter stating
that he will not take advantage ot
the statute of limitations in the matter
of commissions on inheritance taxes
which have been retained by him in a
sealed bag in the city's vaults for near
ly two years. The court decision in
the Brooks suit will determine if the
City Treasurer is entitled to the com
missions. The City Attorney was also
urged to press the suit, against the
Board of Works for the recovery of
ex-Cashier White's defalcation.
Chief of Police "Wlttman explained
to the satisfaction of the committee
why it cost $800 to repair seven patrol
wagons in three months and the de
mands were passed.
Acting on the report of the Finance
Committee, the Board of Supervisors
yesterday rejected the three bids for
the bond issue, including that of
$250,000 from the State Board of Ex
aminers, and ordered new bids to be
advertised for. Monday, November
21, 1904, at the rooms of the board,
was fixed aa the time and place for
receiving bids. Only $277,000 worth
of bids were filed on October 3 for
an aggregate of $5,600,000 of the
bonds and it was deemed proper to be
gin proceedings all over again for
their sale.
The communication from the Asso
ciation for the Adornment of San
Francisco, notifying the board of the
desire of banking institutions to bid
for $2,000,000 of the securities, the
funds of which are to be utilized for
the purchase of lands for parks and
playgrounds, was referred to the Fi
nance and Utilities committees. The
Mayor received a letter from a New
York concern offering to lobby a bill
through the New York Legislature le
galizing the issue, so as to permit of
investments therein by the banks of
New York.
At Brandenstein's request the License
Committee was directed to inquire into
the advisability of reducing or abolish
ing the license tax on Junk dealers.
The Auditor was allowed to emplay
thirty extra clerks for a period of sixty
days.
A resolution introduced by Supervisor
Lunstedt was referred to the Joint
Committee on Judiciary and Streets.
It provides that all street railroad com
panies operating street railroads in San
Francisco be authorized and directed
to place stop plates or stop signs at all
points where cars regularly stop to
take on or let off passengers, provided
that no such stop plates or stop signs
shall bt placed where the stopping
place is at or near a crosswalk from
an intersecting street. Such stop plates
or stop signs are to be placed under the
supervision of the Board of Public
"Works.
To prevent street oar accidents such
as have occurred recently the Rich
mond district citizens petitioned the
board to enact ordinances that will, (1)
restrict the 1 speed of cars having elec
tric or air brakes to fifteen miles per
hour and cars having hand brakes only
to ten miles per hour; (2) that no car
shall carry a greater number of pas
sengers than the seating capacity plus
ore-half the same— that is to say. a
car seating forty passengers shall not
carry more than sixty at any one time;
(3) that double the present number of
cars be provided; (4) that each car
shall be washed three times a week.
The petition was referred to the
Street Committee.
Alfred Roncovieri. president of the
Board of Education, filed with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday a peti
tion that article 7 of the charter, re
lating to public schools, be amended.
The petition contains the names and
addresses of more than 27,000 legally
qualified electors, that number being
largely in excess of the 15 per cent of
the votes cast at the last general elec
tion. Roncovieri requests that a spe
cial election be held for the purpose of
submitting the amendments, which are
designed to render the school depart
ment independent of the Board of Su
pervisors in the fixing of the school
budget and other matters. He also
atks that an early date be set for the
same. The petition was referred to the
Joint Charter Amendment, Finance and
Public Utilities Committee.
• The City Attorney was requested to
advise the board whether the city is
liable for the cost of a sewer con
structed in Pierce street, between Mc-
Allister and Golden Gate avenue, in
view of the erroneous full acceptance
of the street by the Supervisors on
January SO, 1S93, previous to the con
struction of a sewer in the block
named. - Property crwners have peti
tioned the board to make provision for
the payment of an assessment levied
against their property by the Board of
"Works on July 1. 1904.
RESISTS POLICEMAN IN FURIOUS MANNER.
The Supreme Court is disturbed by
the fear that a certain Bernard D.
O'Connell, whom it has recently ad
mitted to practice, is none other than
an ex-convict from Massachusetts. An
investigation is under to make
certain of the facts in the case. Should
the official suspicion be verified Attor
ney O'Connell will get short shrift.
An attempt has been made to veil the
affair with secrecy, because the sus
pected lawyer received his credentials
from men prominent in official life in
this and other large cities. O'Connell
is in New York on legal business.
Stephen Costello, on whose motion the
suspected lawyer was admitted to
practice, discovered last night that he
knew little or nothing of the man. At
torney Keegan, who is O'Connell's
partner, knew nothing of his asso
ciate's history. Both lawyers had ac
cepted the man's credentials from a
leading fraternal organization and had
made no further investigation. Cos
tello stated last night that "he should
immediately petition the Supreme
Court to disbar O'Connell unless he
could clear himseTf. The suspected at
torney states in his application for ad
mission to practice that his name is
Bernard D. O'Connell, while the name
on his office door and the name by
whick he has made himself known is
Daniel O'Connell.
The Massachusetts ex-convict bore
the name of Bernard Daniel O'Connell.
In 1SS6 he was admitted to the bar by
the Supreme Court in Boston. He be
gan the practice of law in Lowell,
Mass., and mingled quite freely in poll-
tics. In 1897 he was convicted of "in
citing, aiding and abetting an attempt
at bribery," for which he was fined $foo
and imprisoned for six- months. A few
weeks later he was disbarred by the
Massachusetts Supreme Ccurt. Later
he was connected with another case. In
which his - bad record was fully ex
posed. Then he retired from the scene
of action.. The following cases will give
a summary . of Convict O'Connell'a
criminal history:* 170 Mass., 22$; 174
Mass., 253-261; 1S6 Mass., 541; €6 North
eastern Reports, page*7S8.
O'Connell was sent to prison for b<».
ing a party to an attempt to brib<?
Councilman I^ang to vote for Edwanl
IL Donovan for the office of City Treas
urer and Tax Collector of LowelL Lane;
seemingly agreed to the scheme, but
concealed a stenographer and witnesses
behind a screen when the time came to
pay over the bribe of $250. Convictions
of all the guilty men were easily se
cured, and Donovan did not get the
office, except temporarily, by appoint
ment by the Mayor.
Are the two Bernard Daniel O'Con
nells one and the same p'erson? They
are of about the same age. Attorney
O'Connell of this city confided to Cos
tejlo that he originally came from Mas
sachusetts. Both men were educated
for the bar and both have practiced.
The San Francisco O'Connell Is
known to his sponsors principally
through his membership in a promi
nent fraternal organization. Another
feature in the case is a letter received
at the Supreme Court recently.
This missive states that the O'Con
nell who was admitted to prac
tice here last August is the ex-con
vict. The writer is a woman, an old
friend of the Massachusetts briber, and
she evidently does not wish to lost*
track of him. She lacks the education
possessed by the one-time lawyer, but
her remarks are at least very much to
the point when she refers to him.
O'Connell is expected back from New
York in about two weeks.
School Board Files
a Petition for
Amendment.
Charge Works Board
With Illegal
Action.
Decline Offers and
Ask for New
Ones.
O'Connell May Be a Briber
Pretty Young Girl Gomes From Berkeley
and Is Arrested for Disturbing the
Peace in Down-Town Concert Hall
COORT FEARS EX-CONVICT
HOLDS RIGHT TO PRACTICE
SUPERVISORS REJECT
BIDS FOR CITY BONDS
Third Drink Brings Frenzy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, OCTOBER IS, 1904.
¦ Ifll.be richt ' If . it Is .Vprinted by : Edward
Knowlcs Co.. 24 Second street. . ¦ .' • *\;
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BALD HEADS
||| JOVERED
With Luxuriant Hair and Crusted
Scalps Cleansed and
I ""'I
CUTICURA SOAP
Assisted by Light Dressings ot
Cuticura, the Great Skin Cure.
This treatment at once stops falling
hair, removes crusts, scales and dan-
druff, destroys hair parasites, soothes
irritated. Itching surfaces, stimulates
the hair follicles, loosens the scalp
skin, supplies., the roots with energy
and nourishment, and makes the hair
ffrow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy
scalp when all else falls.
Millions now rely on Cuticura Soap.
assisted by Cuticura Ointment, the
great skin cure, for preserving, purify-
ing and beautifying the skin, for
cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales
and dandruff, and the stopping of fail-
les hair, for softeninc whitening and
soothing red, rough and sore hands,
for babv rashes, itchings and chaflngs.
for annoying irritations, or too free or
offensive perspiration, for ulcerative
weaknesses, and many sanitive. anti-
septic purposes which readily suggest
themselves, as well as for all the pur-
poses of the toilet and nursery.
Complete treatment for everv hu-
mour, consisting of Cuticura Soap, to
cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment, to
heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent
Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood,
may now be had for one dollar. A sin-
gle set is often sufficient to cure the
most torturing, disfiguring. Itching,
burning and scaly humours, eczema?,
rashes and irritations, from infancy to
age. when all else fails.
Sold throughout the world. Cuticura K*so!v.
ent, BOc. (In form of Chocolate Ccat«d P1U».
23c. per vial of 60), Ointment, 60c.. Soap, 25c.
Depots: London. 27 Charterhouse Sq.: Part*. 5
Rua de la Palx; Boston. 137 Columbus Ave.
Potter Drug A Chem. Corp.. Sols Proprietors.
E7S«nd for "How to Cure Every Humour.'
and "How to Have Beautiful Hair."
!. • . warr '
Singing the Praise
Of our laundry work is a "jrrand.
sweet song" in which you'll add your
voice to swell the chorus once you
have your bundle returned by us.
Sing out by phone South 420, by
mail or personally and we'll call when
and where you say. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
100-4 MAKXET STBEET.
Telephone South 43O.
(i ."patents! >1
MARKET ST.Sf. •USS^
MARKS BROS.
Dig Money -Saving
SPECIALS
-ON-
SALE TO-DAY
JKWl $2 95
Rfllf Reefer
GIRI/S REEFEH, like cut. made of a
good WINTER WEIGHT COATING, in ail
colors. SLEEVES. COLLAR and SCAL-
LOPED REVERES over SHOULDER,
tastily PIPED IN BRAID and finished with
MILITARY BUTTONS. A DECIDEDLY
NEAT and dressy JACKET.
Child's AUTOMOBILE CAP, .like cut.
comes in red and, blue only; crown tucked
and strapped. ¦;.¦
RUNABOUT SKIR TS, C O O ff
$5.00 Kind..:
. Here's a SPLENDID 1«OT OF .ALL-
WOOL regulation WALKING LENGTH
SKIRTS: stylishly trimmed with TAIL-
ORED STRAPS: full PLAITED BOTTOM.
A host of STYLES and colors to choose
from. , . - ¦ •
SILK PETTICOA TS. C Q Q f|
$5.50 Kind..... ........
THEY'RE MADE of HEAVY RUSTLING
Swiss TAFFETA Silk, in all the AUTUMN
COLORS: deep ACCORDION PLAITED
FLOUNCE, finished with RUFFLE; an ex-
tra DEEP DUST RUFFLE.
BLACK SA TEEN PETTICOA TS, £tQi\
$1.25 Kind.. ;<D«f b
DEEP FLOUNCE, trimmed with 2 AC-
CORD1ON PLAITED RUFFLES. .
WOMEN'S FLEECE-LINED QQ/V
WAISTS. 75c Kind... ..... OVi*
COME IN all the NEWEST AUTUMN
STRIPES, STYLISHLY MADE, with a
jGRACEFUL FULL. POUCH. •„ '
CHILDREN'S DRESSES "
Sacriflclng our entire line of $1.50,
$2.00 and *2.6O CHILDREN'S PER-
CALE. >CHAMBRAY and. SCOTCH
GINGHAM DRESSES. We've put one
price on THIS entire <¦ LOT, ae-
NAMELY........:. c/OC
Which will do the WORK of a QUICK
CLEARANCE.
O : : r-r- — — — — — — O
:'.; Don't Overlook Oar Window Display
of Autumn Arrivals : In Laces • and
Embroideries. '
: Send In your- name and we'll mall free
¦our Fall and Winter Mail Order Book. ¦ -,
mmks Bum
The Home of Honest Values >¦;
[7220-1244} -MARKET^STREET*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IRISH
MOSS
COUCH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BT THE BEST
PHYSICIANS FOR
Coutrhi, Colds. Hoarseness. Bron-
chitis. Croup In Children, and
All Throat and Lung- Troubles
Try a bottle to-day: don't wait till the
doctor says "CONSTTMPTION."
25c ; 500 AT ALL DSUO GISTS
CURES IN A DAY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I' Enhance the attractiveness 1
of the home with a |
1 PIANO |
(It possesses a remarkably I
pure and delicate tone, I
with an appearance m |
I keeping with its high mu- I
sical worth. Its marvelous I
mechanical strength en- I
Iables it to withstand the ¦
rigorous use which a home 1
piano undergoes. I
¦ The terms and price bring it I
I within the reach of §
| every home. I
IIM- CurtaZ S Son,
Sole Agents
16 OTarrell SL, S. F.
¦ Shqet Music at Popular Prices.
Ceniemeri
and children
Men . . . $1.50, $1.75, $2
Women. $1, $1.50, $1.75, $2
Children . ;;. . $1, $1.25
109 GRANT AVE
Belt. Geary and PostSts. -^